tr	O	她是周五慈善活动的常客，但是她和丈夫出去旅行了。
tr	I	He couldn 't take off without locating Brett but Chapter 16 Nova Scotia , July 2012 Rock just wanted to leave Nova Scotia .
tr	I	He knew it , and he deserved no answer .
tr	I	I wouldn 't make any wagers on that , but now the wind might be feeling sort of down .
tr	O	艾娃瘫坐在地上，双膝抱胸，并且我紧闭双唇。
tr	O	他的触碰让我的大脑一片模糊，并且我无法集中注意力。
tr	I	You could think about renting out one of the sections of ground or if you sold the cattle , it would definitely ease the burden .
tr	I	Clary saw his features tighten , but his face was in shadow .
tr	I	I would not easily forgive him , and he had taken things from me .
tr	I	Unlike the experts , he also talked with Claudette months earlier , but he read up on the history of the river .
tr	I	She had time to take care of it , but she hated the job even more than she did gathering eggs .
tr	I	He seemed satisfied and Bennett had sold one of his smaller drawings .
tr	O	泰德照做了，并且梅洛迪开始用梳子梳理他潮湿的头发，把它们都梳平了。
tr	I	He wanted more , but he had racked up a lot of debt lately , especially in pool .
tr	O	我以创纪录的速度跑到家，气喘吁吁，浑身是汗，但是感觉比之前好多了。
tr	I	He 'd lose the best brains in the Brotherhood , and lose him .
tr	O	卫兵在门口拦住了我们，并且他们检查了塔克的木桶。
tr	O	她听到了骨头裂开的声音，他尖叫着后退。
tr	I	I take the seat next to Sherry and I let Lake sit next to Eddie .
tr	I	When he set the last stitch , he sat back on the floor , his face weary with exhaustion and Ewan worked fast to close the wound .
tr	I	Charlie didn 't say anything , and somehow the moment had a certain completeness .
tr	I	He grabbed my ankle and I started to crawl away .
tr	I	When she smiled , she was beautiful , but she wasn 't gorgeous in the popular , magazine sort of way .
tr	O	我不知道如何解决其中任何一个问题，并且我是解决问题的高手。
tr	I	Never changing walls of St. James and I was shut inside the perfect .
tr	O	小狗也醒着，并且她能感觉到它开始因恐惧而颤抖。
tr	O	他努力了，因为是我让他这么做的，并且他看起来那样是我的错。
tr	I	His sad eyes had gone even sadder and Sam 's arms around me had loosened .
tr	I	He hadn 't even bothered to say thanks for the good time , but oh , she had known that he would be moving to California .
tr	I	I suspected I knew what was going on , and as she did so , she shuddered slightly .
tr	O	赛西看到他痛苦的表情咯咯笑了，但是说实话，这没那么好笑，因为她和他一样痛苦。
tr	I	He grappled to get it over Lefty 's head , and immediately his buoyancy improved .
tr	I	They are working on a solution and the techs believe the men working in this region have all been infected with an unknown parasite .
tr	O	我曾是一个消遣，一个短暂的有趣伴侣，但是现在他想继续前进了。
tr	I	There were times the truth was better avoided , but Honesty might be the best policy .
tr	O	他们肩并肩站着，但是他们彼此之间不可能更相反了。
tr	O	巨大的机器几乎占据了整个后墙，并且一位老妇人正坐在它们旁边的床上。
tr	O	莉莉用刀刺她时，她一直保持着纹丝不动，但是现在她的身体在刀刃下起伏波动。
tr	I	He would soon wish that he were , but he wasn 't .
tr	O	她的手指紧扣住他的头发，并且她用力拉扯着。
tr	I	If it pleases Your Grace I am willing to look , but there is no guarantee that I will find anything .
tr	I	Her sails were hanging limply , and Muriel had lost all speed .
tr	I	I can 't and I 'll have to deal with them .
tr	O	我把肩膀抵在门上，并且它开了。
tr	I	I lost interest in the mining case , and in 2004 the FBI entered my life .
tr	O	她的名字像一声咆哮，像悬崖边的回声，从我肺部撕裂而出，并且我突然想让全世界听到我的尖叫。
tr	O	芬坦似乎已经通过了史密斯的个人测试，并且他希望自己也能在这次模拟中表现得同样出色。
tr	I	She needed to be careful , but she could feel her own anger bubbling inside .
tr	I	My heart melted and Piper asked , looking up at me .
tr	I	The cold concrete grounded me , and I stumbled half a step until my back hit the wall .
tr	I	They are standing there talking nasty about my parents who aren 't even cold in their graves yet , but I could care less about HLP .
tr	O	她修长优美的手指轻松地把辫子收好，并且她深褐色的眼睛闪烁着光芒。
tr	I	For a moment she thought she might have truly gotten through to him and something smoked through his eyes .
tr	I	He was still looking at me , only with different eyes , but he turned to walk away through the arch .
tr	I	They are starting to take over the entire purse , and I never throw away any receipts .
tr	I	Then I decided to treat her just as I would anyone else , but at first she 'd frightened me .
tr	O	我也可以那样做，但是我没有。
tr	O	他曾发誓要和阿米拉在一起，但是他再次别无选择。
tr	O	男孩们会看着它，并且他们知道那是他们的爸爸。
tr	I	She still felt it , but the sensation lacked the earlier power .
tr	O	圣经中有一些地方将此生等同于死亡，并且真正的生命对于信徒来说尚未到来。
tr	O	我并不是真的要雇佣一个管家，但是那并不意味着我不能。
tr	O	其他人都顺利地通过了，并且他们解开了跳跃线，然后关上门给气闸加压。
tr	I	He didn 't complain when Max gave him another shot , but Preston didn 't have any fat for the needle to go into .
tr	O	它看起来像一个冰洞，但是那里太热了，不可能是冰洞。
tr	I	Nothing is going to get better unless I step up , but I wish I could .
tr	I	I whimpered at how delicious he tasted , and my tongue slid against his parted lips .
tr	O	他战斗起来就像被附身了一样，但是怪物仍然在压倒他。
tr	O	他们叫他接待员，但是我会说他更像个保安。
tr	I	She wasn 't going to risk being caught in such a state , and while people rarely intruded on her favorite spot , they did on occasion .
tr	I	Shinichi dropped the smal er girl into her arms , and she snatched at the limp form of Bonnie .
tr	I	He gave me an angry glare , but the giant didn 't make any derogatory comments this time .
tr	I	She loved him , but you weren 't here for most of it .
tr	I	She scans a barcode I hadn 't noticed on the back and I hand her my tablet .
tr	I	I can still feel each one , but they might be only memories .
tr	I	To her , it all came down to French fries , but when asked what that meant , she was given a long explanation .
tr	I	His team was down by one point and there was five seconds left on the clock .
tr	I	He 'd rather hear her story , but he 'd only had a couple dates after Nina left him more than a year ago .
tr	I	I need time to think , for I am not calm , and Clarissa has angered me .
tr	O	我丈夫带我们来到这里，并且我们开了这家咖啡馆。
tr	I	There was no sign of another room anywhere up here , but I wasn 't sure where 'd they stuffed the lab .
tr	I	You failed at living it and you were given a life to live .
tr	O	他们一直在停车场顶层，并且米丝蒂敢发誓那里没有其他人。
tr	I	I even observed traces of his face in AJ , and there was no doubt he was Shannon 's father .
tr	O	呻吟声越来越快，并且科里接连盲目地扔了三个碗。
tr	O	每个人都受到同样的对待，并且每一个刻薄的、甚至有些恶毒的评论，后面都会跟着一个更温和的。
tr	I	She was now officially homeless and the condo was sold .
tr	I	It was clean , but thanks to my momma 's smoking habit the place smelled like stale smoke .
tr	O	嗡嗡声越来越响了，并且我抬头透过树枝望去。
tr	O	我把那件事告诉她，并且她就生气了。
tr	O	他在那里休息，让我适应他的粗壮，并且，然后，当我抬起臀部时，他开始更快地抽动。
tr	O	乔没有时间反应，并且他只是太累了。
tr	O	那个下午和达里乌斯一起玩很开心，但是斯泰西忍不住想念她的家人，想着他们没有她会过得怎么样。
tr	I	He followed suit and she stretched her feet out on the couch .
tr	O	你的年薪我会从五十万开始，并且你可以在那里白天完成所有工作。
tr	O	我的目光在他身上掠过，注意到他湿漉漉竖着的头发，并且挂在他肩上的小毛巾几乎是后来才注意到的。
tr	O	她拨弄着火焰，并且火光再次明亮地燃了起来。
tr	O	他很有魅力，很可爱，并且萨凡纳仍然对他有好感。
tr	O	有东西击中了斯特罗姆的船，并且他知道奥拉夫是对的。
tr	O	她刻意地退离了他一步，并且兰德对将她拉回来的强烈冲动感到惊讶。
tr	O	卡罗尔所能做的只是哭泣，并且用过的纸巾堆积如山。
tr	O	他渴望一个重大而有实质内容的故事，但是地平线上似乎什么也没有。
tr	I	He spat on her gift , and she breathed life into that creature , made him the highest celestial being in her order .
tr	O	她的呼吸正在恢复正常，但是她还没有准备好停止做梦。
tr	O	他见过不少女人，但是没有一个像莎拉那样打动他的心。
tr	O	我知道他会想要一个吻，但是我不打算让自己恶心。
tr	O	他的睫毛再次上扬，并且他的目光与我的相撞。
tr	O	他用手拂过她发育的乳头，并且随之而来的颤抖让他欲火焚身。
tr	I	I found it disagreed with me , and I wasn 't used to napping .
tr	O	实际上什么都没发生，并且瑞秋什么也没看到。
tr	I	Now I have drawn you to a place of no going back and you have invaded my space .
tr	O	我的身体前所未有地颤抖着，并且我紧紧地缠绕在他的手指上。
tr	I	It only had two seats , but Reacher figured they would all have preferred the Mustang .
tr	O	他们会知道我选择了你，并且他们会知道我们在一起了。
tr	I	It does , but he says it so casually , like it doesn 't matter .
tr	O	靠近左岸，一个梯子似乎掉进了水里，并且一名消防员正在徒劳地试图打捞它。
tr	O	我们显然换了话题，但是我不知道新话题是什么。
tr	I	She turned away from the stars to look at her , and something in Aunt Zelda 's voice caught Jenna 's attention .
tr	I	The television flipped on , and the lights dimmed .
tr	O	电话响了，并且费舍尔接了电话。
tr	I	The sounds of their fighting nearly deafened her , and there were hundreds .
tr	I	Rather its mouth began to ooze with some sort of light red substance , or it began to drool .
tr	O	我不知道这个地方有多少层，但是我感觉自己置身于世界之巅。
tr	I	The table beside his armchair was empty , and his face was hidden behind his newspaper .
tr	I	Mr. Smith is practically trying to run the trial from his hospital bed and Derek has been in constant communication .
tr	O	我把小的给了切斯特，并且他立刻就喝了一口。
tr	O	那是一种占有性的姿态，并且这增加了她的压力。
tr	O	我停下了脚步，并且他好奇地打量着我。
tr	I	The paperweight didn 't move , but again there was that surge .
tr	I	It didn 't have that much male power but Tony 's physique was well-proportioned .
tr	I	I tried to keep my expression neutral , but I could feel my eyebrow beginning to arch upward .
tr	O	那通向一条走廊，并且前方还有一个洞穴。
tr	I	It 's true , but I never told you that before .
tr	O	我忍不住回吻了他。
tr	O	她无法将他传送出去，并且她怀疑自己是否能让他自己站起来。
tr	I	Today this was welcoming , but perhaps in the past this would scare me .
tr	O	我们等待，并且当她的门砰地关上时，我父亲摘下眼镜，用手指按压眼角。
tr	O	你非常有魅力，而且我是一个男人。
tr	I	Abruptly , the great fury stood completely still - and there was another vast sound .
tr	O	格雷戈的跛行消失了，并且他行动相当自如。
tr	O	随着维蕾娜更深入地探索她的内心世界，一切都变得安静了，并且她保持着一种恍惚的状态。
tr	I	I stepped out into the rain anyway , but I knew it was a stupid idea as soon as I did it .
tr	O	他把iPad放在床头柜上，并且我迈着颤抖的双腿走到他身边。
tr	I	She liked being prepared , but one more than she 'd need .
tr	I	Graham understood every word , but he spoke in Fae .
tr	I	He dropped to the floor on impact and the silver metal pierced his skin .
tr	O	我没看到任何迹象，而且我已经好几天没吃东西了。
tr	I	I wasn 't planned and what happened between him .
tr	O	他看到皮尔斯议员在选举结果公布时高举双手庆祝胜利，并且他被宣布获胜。
tr	O	她似乎没有受到身体上的伤害，并且我松了一口气。
tr	O	我没有回答，但是杰斯，他正在附近不耐烦地忙碌着（他毕竟是医生），递过来一个。
tr	I	Instinct overruled those whenever she thought of him , but she had a thousand good reasons why seeing him would be a mistake .
tr	I	She wore a simple , yet clean outfit , and her hair was pulled back behind her head .
tr	I	She slept right through it and my gun jammed .
tr	O	她砰砰直跳的心脏让她感到头晕，并且害怕晕倒的恐惧又增加了十倍。
tr	I	It grows faster than your average person , and it 's sort of wavy .
tr	O	我的目光落在了它上面，并且他咧嘴笑了。
tr	I	He had yet to return and his chair was still empty .
tr	O	他退缩了一下，但是她捕捉到了他眼中狂野的兴奋。
tr	O	我一直讨厌跑步，并且这次也不例外。
tr	O	连霍华德·泰勒也来了，但是大家都叫他霍伊爷爷。
tr	O	当然，朱德在锡拉丘兹大学的时候曾是个风云人物，但是现在为NFL效力将意味着一个全新的名望水平。
tr	I	She was probably the hired help , and here she was pining after Tony .
tr	I	Chad grabbed her before she hit the solid surface , but she started falling to the ground .
tr	I	Sarah dropped her hand from Michael 's head , and Bryson appeared back from the game then , a look of pride brightening his face .
tr	O	他的父母都去世了，并且我对他来说更像一个真正的父亲，而不是一个姻亲。
tr	I	He doesn 't acknowledge that we came in late and he appears to be intensely focused on his computer .
tr	O	我希望这个地方不要太安静，或者所有人都会听到我肚子里怪物的声音。
tr	I	It felt like he had just mentally stepped back from her too and he took his hand away .
tr	O	我服药后，莱恩又陪了我一会儿，但是我仍然太生气了，不想和他说话。
tr	O	我们坐着，并且我转向了他。
tr	I	Then I 'm screaming , and it 's like the touch trips an alarm in my brain .
tr	O	我张开了嘴，但是却一个字也说不出来。
tr	I	I tensed , and I felt his hand on my back .
tr	O	我扫视了一下酒吧，并且在那场骚动中，所有的目光都转向了我们。
tr	I	He did not have time to aim with any kind of accuracy , but this strategy allowed him to get off a shot after each move .
tr	O	他们知道我们是灵魂伴侣，而且通常你不会允许另一个人对你的伴侣表现出兴趣。
tr	I	Her shoulders convulsed with burning tears , and her throat closed over the words .
tr	I	Esther was a good woman , and losing his wife was devastating for him .
tr	I	He glared at Jake , more out of fear than anger and Howie 's face was white .
tr	O	从劳伦和杰森·科温互相看着对方的方式来看，很明显他们的关系不仅仅是生意。
tr	I	With the level of intensity in his voice he might as well have , but he hadn 't yelled .
tr	I	She said nothing but I think there were things she wanted to say .
tr	I	It rankled that there was nothing else he could do to help them , but they knew his plan inside out .
tr	O	我没有对那个做任何事情，但是我只是知道它会在这次任务中派上用场。
tr	O	我曾经剥过动物的皮，而且它差点让我作呕。
tr	I	He needed to know , but damn it , he didn 't want this woman to think he cared .
tr	I	In practise they grated on each other 's nerves outside of action , but on paper they were a good team .
tr	O	真正的黄金镶嵌在木制品中，而且柔软的地毯装饰着大理石地板。
tr	I	They feel like old friends , but I have only just met them .
tr	I	I let him help me off , and finally we arrived at the restaurant .
tr	O	有智慧，而且有无知。
tr	I	She poured tea for the two of them and she waved at the chair by the kitchen table .
tr	I	I didn 't look at him when I spoke and I didn 't break my stride .
tr	O	不，她不是，但是她说到这里哽咽了。
tr	O	拉什已经到了该离开她的时候了，而且她心里的话甚至连一半都没说出来。
tr	O	他照做了，而且我高兴地尖叫起来。
tr	O	我摇了摇头，而且他的眼睛亮了起来。
tr	O	我压制住我的恼怒，而且我们俩都赶紧回到骑士靠墙的地方。
tr	O	我紧张，但是我也很确定。
tr	O	她注意到他盯着她的嘴巴，并且她自己的嘴也微微张开了。
tr	O	她试图让吻继续下去，但是他退缩了。
tr	I	It rattled dryly , the first real sound since my voice and I knelt to sift some of the underfoot debris through my fingers .
tr	I	He still pulled away , but she gripped his hand .
tr	I	Julian shot her a stifling look but she opened her mouth to protest .
tr	I	She smiled as he pulled her legs up closer to him , and then he rolled it on like an expert .
tr	O	我丈夫让我迷上了摩托车，但是我不会买一辆。
tr	O	普莱姆用他的剑将其一分为二，并且碎片落在我身体的两侧。
tr	I	She knew she probably sounded as if she was speaking through set teeth , but she struggled to keep her temper under control .
tr	I	It will be entirely on their terms , but they will help us survive all right .
tr	I	You have no right to invade my privacy and my research on many projects is on my computer .
tr	I	He would rip them off of her or as he took in her nude colored lace underwear , he had to calm himself .
tr	I	My muscles burned , and my bones throbbed .
tr	I	They were empty , too , but presently she saw parked cars lining the street .
tr	I	With some difficulties , he was finally done and it was a minute .
tr	I	He needed to keep her talking until she was homeless and it would have to be a very late night .
tr	O	凯曾尝试过哥特式造型，但是那不适合她。
tr	O	他们已经在岛上待了一周，并且在那段时间里，锡安完全献身给了牧师。
tr	I	As they faced each other , he winked , and his muscles rippled beneath a white t-shirt when he gripped the back of Holly 's seat .
tr	I	It was not enough , but the half takings speed .
tr	I	I 'm almost relieved , and his eyes flutter shut once more .
tr	I	He 'd always been a good boy , but Daniel wasn 't happy at the dismissal .
tr	O	他在保护客户利益方面是对的，但是雷也是他的客户。
tr	I	She feared the mood had been broken , and his jaw flexed .
tr	O	她原计划跟着乱马，但是看来她做不到了。
tr	I	She just knew she didn 't want the conversation to end like that but she couldn 't say why .
tr	O	肖恩的第一反应是给莉内特打电话，但是他改变了主意。
tr	O	人们会看到的，并且人们会谈论的。
tr	I	It was just too heavy but he tried to push the body off him .
tr	I	I 'm scared to find out and I don 't know what she 's up to .
tr	O	寒冷的夜风吹拂着我的头发，并且我飞出了窗外，玻璃碎片像雨点般在我身边闪烁。
tr	I	By God she was going to eat , but he knew what she 'd tell him .
tr	I	It rang and it rang .
tr	O	我可能不是状态最好的，但是我也不是个废物。
tr	I	Now they 've lost their son and Mr. Manning loses his mother .
tr	O	康纳比我永远都将是一个更好的英雄，但是他不能拥有丽兹。
tr	O	凯特的双臂垂到身侧，并且她盯着看。
tr	O	家庭晚餐和朗读。
tr	I	I questioned my faculties for not hearing his arrival , and Morgan 's voice from beside me made me jump .
tr	O	我必须拿走它，为了保护我自己和所有人。
tr	I	I stomp my foot and Zeke dodges it easily .
tr	O	我很抱歉这样跟你划清界限，但是我只是在为你着想。
tr	I	That protection spilled over to Celeste and Alonzo had always been very protective of her .
tr	I	The sound reached straight down to her toes and he laughed .
tr	I	I had to concentrate to catch his words and his voice was a near whisper .
tr	O	谭为我提供了一张折叠床，并且我想我会休息一会儿。
tr	O	看着瑞克的眼睛，我看到了纯粹的痛苦和狂怒的仇恨以冰冷的目光盯着我。
tr	I	Her judgment told her to trust him , but Alicia was still unable to fully make out the man 's face .
tr	I	She figured there was no better time than right now , and there was something Zoey had wanted to ask Tristan since they had rescued her .
tr	O	这些都是我的好朋友，并且我喜欢和他们在一起。
tr	I	We walked to the pool , and Evan took my hand again .
tr	I	I swallowed down a wave of panic and it sent a chill down my body .
tr	I	I wish I hadn 't trusted him , and experience had told me not to trust them .
tr	I	A hush falls over them and they hastily drop their heads .
tr	I	I scrambled to my feet to go after Sam and she threw me on the ground away from her .
tr	I	Now she could work from feel , but it was easier to concentrate without all of the visual distractions of the forest when her eyes were closed .
tr	O	她的手从未停止在他身上游移，并且她触碰的每一寸皮肤都变得鲜活起来，仿佛她的手指给他通了电。
tr	I	Right then his words sink in , and Dad crouches .
tr	I	When something horrible happens I always find him nearby , but I lose track of him for long periods of time .
tr	I	Some insane part of me wanted that experience , and having sex with him would be an experience I would never forget .
tr	I	I looked up and something caught my attention .
tr	I	Now he had a possible life mate and he hadn 't even adjusted to being an immortal .
tr	I	They were just as nicely maintained , but the homes were smaller here .
tr	O	他对我竖起了中指，并且我哭着回家了。
tr	O	我试图抬起头，但是我旁边的人又把它按了下去。
tr	I	A flicker of nervousness shimmered behind her eyes before she pursed her lips , and she blinked .
tr	O	他大笑起来，并且我皱眉看着他。
tr	O	亚历克斯笑了，当他们逃进厨房，并且门在他们身后关上时。
tr	I	His tone made it seem as if he was worried about something , and they almost seemed to fill up with angst .
tr	I	He had to step down , and the newspapers had printed her word by word in quotes .
tr	I	Lucian is able to control them with only his voice , yet you know vampires will do anything to continue their life .
tr	I	The population is strictly controlled within Nottingham and Prostitution is illegal inside the gates .
tr	O	壮丽的出口 醒来，并且一切都不同了。
tr	I	Maybe they don 't fully appreciate that , but as it happens you could afford more .
tr	I	He remained silent , but Julian looked as if he was going to argue .
tr	O	道格死了，但是戴夫还活着。
tr	O	小径穿过中庭的天花板，并且我们上升时石头在我们周围合拢了。
tr	O	顶上堆着一堆凌乱的松散岩石，并且突出的是七道光束，它们是自然构造的一部分。
tr	I	He couldn 't help smiling , and she sent him a pointed look .
tr	O	我起身离开，但是她抓住了我的手。
tr	I	It had been her means of survival , but she should never have had to do that .
tr	I	The voice spoke again , and she did not reply .
tr	O	风琴停了，并且仪式开始了。
tr	I	I could see myself walking at night , holding my glass slippers , and I gently brushed my finger against her forehead , closed my eyes .
tr	O	我能帮你很多，并且我不会拖慢你。
tr	I	I grabbed what I wanted from the table and I took my chances .
tr	I	No verbal response was garnered , but Alexia asked .
tr	I	Her face looked blank , and Jesse sat her fork slowly to the table .
tr	I	She could 've sworn she saw tears glistening in his eyes , and then a tormented expression crossed his face .
tr	I	It felt like slivers of glass coursed through my veins , and a myriad of emotions churned in my soul .
tr	I	They gave him a chill like nothing he 'd ever experienced before but he couldn 't put his finger on what it was about them .
tr	I	Then his fingers were releasing my bra , and his shirt was the next one off .
tr	I	I 've done my share of counseling , and I 've been in the ministry for years .
tr	I	He felt sick to his stomach , and Matthew could see the hand clearly .
tr	I	A violent pain on his forehead robbed him of his senses , but he wanted to jump up .
tr	O	老人的肩膀随着飞行员倾斜，并且他拍了拍手。
tr	O	这毫无意义，但是就在那时它并不重要。
tr	I	This felt good and Clay joined in .
tr	I	I pick it up , hesitantly and the phone rings beside the bed .
tr	O	她食量很大，而且她从不锻炼。
tr	I	Clearly there is something going on here , but I don 't know what went wrong .
tr	O	克里斯托弗没有听到问题，但是他确信自己知道答案。
tr	O	他可能是一个吸血鬼，但是他体内有大量的睾丸激素在流动。
tr	I	They all streaked back down toward the Legion lines , and crassus started signaling to the other Pisces in the air around him .
tr	O	她让你微笑，并且她关心你。
tr	I	He said that if anyone else had said that , he would have laughed , and I told Ramon that .
tr	I	I returned to my work , and Lisa headed for her office .
tr	O	我没有花很多时间思考更高的力量，但是如果其中一个参与了这件事，我很感激。
tr	O	小的从他哥哥的脸上读出了勇气，但是从我这个距离看，我能看出那是伪装的。
tr	O	他不希望她在公众场合出现在他身边时感到紧张，并且她也确实没有理由紧张。
tr	O	他看着她思考，并且他想起了她沉浸在她的计谋中时总是多么性感。
tr	O	他变了很多，但是那无疑是她的曾祖父。
tr	I	I don 't back down , but he continues to stare at me .
tr	O	哨兵锐利的小眼睛在我们接近时一眨不眨地跟着我们，并且它变得完美地、危险地寂静了。
tr	I	No doubt there would be another , but Steve had declined to dignify that editorial with a response .
tr	I	It didn 't faze him , but the stink of it touched Jason 's nostrils .
tr	O	我十三岁时，安迪说服我再去看了《冰上之星》，但是我穿着亮片裙做三周半跳的白日梦早已远去。
tr	O	那个男人朝着男孩们走过去，但是丽兹举起了一只手。
tr	I	Some were now following Treebeard , and more were coming in down the other paths .
tr	O	我把寡头政治的结构教给你们教得太好了，并且这困扰着你们年轻的头脑。
tr	I	She wrote something on her notepad and Dr. Cary 's eyebrows pinched together .
tr	O	他努力集中精力在那些推理上，但是它们似乎与他无关。
tr	I	At least he was questioning rather than simply dismissing her outright , but clearly , Liam had shifted into protector mode .
tr	I	I will not do it again , and I apologize for misleading you .
tr	I	There were none , but she expected to hear shots .
tr	O	她冲向另一端，但是她匆忙中被裙子绊倒了。
tr	I	It feels good , but I hate to admit it , because I don 't want anything here to be cool .
tr	O	门铃响了，并且Eve立刻僵住了。
tr	O	她总是把他赶出去，并且她总是把他带回来。
tr	O	我穿过树林追查到他们，但是他们在林边停了一辆车。
tr	I	He was the only one that could hear it , but there was obviously a song playing in his head .
tr	O	她一直和她的双胞胎兄弟很亲近，并且她知道他们总是保护她免受父亲疯狂行为的冲击。
tr	O	艾丽格拉垂下头，并且眼泪落在了她的膝盖上。
tr	I	He stayed out of sight at all times , but Elle had a bodyguard too .
tr	I	It kept advancing toward him and Saliva dripped from its mouth .
tr	O	金总是想成为众人瞩目的焦点，并且她的愿望常常得到满足。
tr	O	他还在自言自语，并且每隔一个词都是一句咒骂。
tr	O	我眯起眼睛，但是我却看不清。
tr	I	I recoil from the thought ... but a small , tiny , dark voice in my head whispers agreement , that I will be safer that way .
tr	I	His look turned fierce , and his eyes glossed over .
tr	O	她用手捋了捋头发，但是这只会让她的卷发更乱。
tr	O	卢佩给我找到了那份工作，并且我每次去那里都会想起他。
tr	O	亚历克西斯是你的对手，并且你必须时刻提防。
tr	O	我本可以同意那件事，但是吉尔，就像安吉丽娜一样，一直假装她爱着尼尔。
tr	I	He told me some stories about his life and I met him last night .
tr	O	我之后会送你，但是天黑后去市中心可能不是个好主意。
tr	O	他的血液被玷污了，并且他玷污了我的血液。
tr	I	I didn 't suggest we go inside , but I assumed it led to a bedroom .
tr	I	In this case a little bend to the truth was appropriate , but she never lied to Todd .
tr	O	我在塔斯卡卢萨有自己的生活，并且我需要那份生活来逃避。
tr	I	We are hoping for automated status monitoring during our descent , but we can land without them .
tr	O	我看向迪恩，想看他是否同意，但是他只是坐在那里，盯着无声的电视屏幕。
tr	O	储藏室里的清洁用品壁橱并非完全不透光，但是它接触不到日光，这就足够了。
tr	O	生活已经天翻地覆，而且我回家还不到二十四小时。
tr	I	It hadn 't gotten any better , either , but the drizzle outside hadn 't gotten any worse .
tr	I	She scolded me , and mom 's eyes flashed in anger .
tr	I	Right now everything was going accordingly and he had a new plan .
tr	I	At least forty minutes had passed and Time had gotten away from them .
tr	O	他的表情表明他想争辩，但是他把所有反驳都憋在了心里。
tr	O	我有能力撕开你制造的任何一道窗户，并且我可以在窗户打开之前做到。
tr	I	He gave a crooked grin and his pale blue eyes fixed on me .
tr	I	Sarah laughed as he pulled her close , and he stopped a few feet in front of the wooden gabled house .
tr	I	He could make out her features now , and his eyes were adjusting to the darkness .
tr	O	很多，她的心哭喊着，但是那是一种她自从离开科尔比家后就一直忽视的哭喊。
tr	I	That includes her brothers , because she says we had a hand in her father 's death , and she refuses to speak to any of us .
tr	I	It 's evil , but I haven 't yet been able to determine the reason .
tr	I	They aren 't funny , but I don 't know what my feelings for Pen are .
tr	O	当卡西瞥向劳蕾尔时，劳蕾尔鼓励性地点了点头，并且梅兰妮那双冷静的灰眼睛闪烁着平静的认可。
tr	O	她没有注意到我，并且我听到她笑兰迪说的话。
tr	O	它矗立在一座购物中心后面，那家购物中心里有一家一元店、一家救世军以及一个名为“发薪日预支”的机构。
tr	O	他很快就能取下吊带了，但是他仍然不能再回去工作一周。
tr	O	随着时间的推移，战斗的声音继续着，但是对于那些在崎岖海角上的人来说，他们的战斗已经结束了。
tr	I	He stopped me and I started to get up to walk him to the door .
tr	I	He also didn 't want to cause him unnecessary pain , but he didn 't trust him to keep his secret safe .
tr	I	He 'd had a right to know she was pregnant , but at the time , she 'd been angry at Nate .
tr	I	It seemed to be working , and he had been going to the doctor for help .
tr	O	你有十分钟时间收拾好自己，或者我就要把你甩下了。
tr	I	A few minutes later Aly emerged from the bathroom wrapped in a towel , and the shower shut off .
tr	O	我向右转，并且彼得跟着我。
tr	O	亚历克斯知道他必须尽可能地鬼鬼祟祟，而且他扮演得很好。
tr	I	This was what I had hoped for and we had a whole lot in common .
tr	I	To make matters worse she seemed to be losing her mind , and she had failed her brother .
tr	I	I quickly thanked Trina for taking me under her wing , and the tunnels ran the length of the stadium .
tr	O	酒吧结账了，并且再也没有人打扰安迪了。
tr	O	我只想忘记她，但是我知道那是不可能的。
tr	O	我们蜷缩在沙发上，并且他让我靠在他身上。
tr	O	他再次与我对视，并且它们似乎重新焕发了一些神采。
tr	O	丽塔看到了他脸上的表情，并且她的想法改变了。
tr	I	I felt exhaustion start to take me over and her arms came up to rub random patterns into my back .
tr	O	大猩猩们从先前的袭击中吸取了教训，并且现在一心想完成任务。
tr	O	她的嘴因厌恶而上翘，并且我明白了费舍尔说她轻蔑我们的意思。
tr	I	He trusted them implicitly and he had survived on those instincts for years .
tr	O	恐惧像一只沉重的手压在我的胸口，并且我一直保持安静直到我们把车开进车道。
tr	O	自从他告诉她关于贾斯汀的消息以来，现在已经过去一个多星期了，并且他很想念和她在一起的时光。
tr	O	雇佣兵的生活很艰难，并且多数情况下是各自为政。
tr	O	室内墙壁没有一直延伸到屋顶，但是它们确实提供了足够的隐私。
tr	O	艾伦对我皱眉，但是她没有抗议。
tr	O	第二次就容易多了，并且感觉几乎像是回家一样。
tr	O	我张开嘴，但是罗杰打断了我。
tr	O	她绝望的目光搜寻着我，并且她在我脸上看到的任何东西都让她放松了下来。
tr	O	他也许故态复萌了，当然，但是他不会造成超出必要的伤害。
tr	O	他呼出一口气，并且他对我的抓握松开了。
tr	O	袭击者倒下了，头撞到了桌角上，并且一切就结束了。
tr	O	也许会好转，并且会有更多人决定晚上出去。
tr	O	她的手指停了下来，并且她抬起了目光。
tr	I	I don 't want anything to hurt her and she is coming home in a few days .
tr	O	正是知道钢铁族能够摧毁他们以及他们所爱的人，才让主权者们循规蹈矩。
tr	I	I gasped as he thrust in rhythm , and I loved how he fit inside me .
tr	O	我周末会乘火车去探望他，并且我们会做所有年轻情侣在纽约会做的事情。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I really wanted him to , and Christian hadn 't visited me during the daytime before .
tr	O	当我回来时，我潜在的酒伴已经离开了，并且努伊泪流满面。
tr	O	怒火在我心中沸腾，并且我尖叫着冲向他。
tr	O	这当然是个机会，但是我们现在所做的一切都是一种机会。
tr	I	He still wasn 't sure what his brother-in-law was up to , but he 'd risked his grant to follow Keith across two states .
tr	O	他瞪了我一眼，但是我觉得这很有趣。
tr	O	他们手牵手了一小会儿直到马儿越走越远，并且她的手从他手中滑落。
tr	O	他把手伸进口袋想拿出他的朋友，但是墨菲斯托费勒斯不在那里。
tr	I	We have watched you from afar , and Long have we kept guard here .
tr	O	她本想立刻离开，但是她不知怎的做不到。
tr	I	Now there were two of them , and he had a responsibility towards his little sister !
tr	O	她无法留下，并且她太害怕而不敢离开。
tr	I	I don 't love the guy , but I love the guy .
tr	I	It ´ s taking him some time but he tries getting up .
tr	I	His hair is a mess , and his beard is growing through .
tr	I	I recognized the writing , and my name was on the outside .
tr	I	A trickle of blood from his abdomen dripped onto my shirt , and before I could say anything , however , he leaned over .
tr	I	It 's not straight either , but it 's not curly .
tr	I	I shivered , and he tenderly ran his fingers down my arm .
tr	O	连喷泉都被关掉了，并且它们芳香的水也任由发霉。
tr	I	I didn 't care if she was my sister , and Anger boiled away any sympathy I 'd had for Persephone .
tr	I	This time she stepped back , but he stepped forward .
tr	I	I would turn to butter in his hands , and he only had to speak my name in that sexy Southern accent of his .
tr	O	埃里克完全在她体内，但是伊奥娜想要他更深。
tr	I	He couldn 't take the chance , but perhaps Titian was right about Daemon .
tr	O	狼群嚎叫着，并且小岛颤抖了。
tr	I	The gun shuddered violently in her hands , but she was strong .
tr	I	There was no evidence that it had managed an egress , and all the wildness of the world was contained outside .
tr	O	我精通多种语言，并且西班牙语说得很流利。
tr	I	Then I saw the hint of a shadow underneath the door , but for a second , I thought I 'd imagined the footsteps .
tr	O	警车的门开了，并且一束探照灯亮了起来，刺痛了他的眼睛。
tr	I	You weren 't here , but I rushed right over .
tr	I	He went on with resignation and Julian 's face showed sorrows .
tr	I	Curiosity prompted her to enter the house , but Shirley hesitated before following Micah across the threshold .
tr	O	他试图转移视线，但是他的眼球却一动不动。
tr	O	我看到他脸上闪过一丝怒气，并且我能看出他仍然爱我。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我很高兴她没死。
tr	I	Yours are equally beautiful but it was a pleasant surprise .
tr	O	劳伦向门走了几步，但是当乔乔没有跟上来时，她停下了。
tr	I	It will be better than being stuck in this family , but I don 't know where I 'll end up .
tr	O	他对儿子的学业成就和辩论能力印象深刻，但是这也让他有点害怕。
tr	O	她又推了一下门，但是他力气更大。
tr	O	我正在安排接你，但是遗憾的是，我们直到明天晚上才能让飞机降落在那里。
tr	O	萨凡纳说了，并且两人都笑了。
tr	I	I feel so much better , but I 'm a little tired .
tr	O	我知道头痛很快就会过去，但是我服用了一些布洛芬来缓解。
tr	O	我想起了迈克尔，并且我的笑容加深了。
tr	O	卡梅隆爬上床，关了灯，抱着一个多余的枕头，希望自己抱着劳拉，但是他却在微笑。
tr	O	我等着他说些别的，但是一句话也没有说出来。
tr	I	I was so sleepy but he wanted to stay with me .
tr	I	It still didn 't let go , but it hissed in pain , pulling away from him .
tr	O	我看到了五个人，他们的能量特征与利亚姆探测到的相符，并且基于我所看到的，我有点难以保持镇定。
tr	O	他后退了，但是我跟着。
tr	I	I thought I was the only one who noticed , but the girl I thought he 'd pointed out as ' Ric ' rolled her eyes .
tr	O	艾默生眼中闪过一丝认出，但是他仍然一动不动。
tr	I	At the end of the day I 'm just another man , but I 'm a Warrior all right , Mistress of the House .
tr	I	There wasn 't one , but I waited for the catch .
tr	O	吉姆惊讶地同意了，并且他们三人消失在以前是摩根校长办公室的地方。
tr	O	制作一个巨大的木偶师，并且你来当提线木偶。
tr	O	他的双脚保持在低处，并且他的头慢慢抬起。
tr	I	Her face was far too pale , and her eyes were big , haunted .
tr	I	It changed the color of everything , and the city looked bathed in honey .
tr	O	土地完全平坦，并且没有任何可能的遮蔽物。
tr	O	被子飞到这里，并且衣服飞到那里。
tr	O	这大约是十五分钟的步行路程，但是对瑞秋来说，感觉却像几个小时。
tr	O	她咧嘴一笑，并且她闪亮的白牙在月光下闪烁。
tr	I	Dean interrupted , but Francesca said .
tr	O	她原谅了我，并且我又成了她的小男孩。
tr	O	在黑暗中，我听到一声低沉的咕哝声，不像咆哮声，确切地说，但是却像我从未听过的任何声音。
tr	O	她不确定是天黑了还是空气仍然很堵塞。
tr	I	She did not remove her eyes from the dark , but she turned her head in my direction a little .
tr	I	The chink of ice cubes falling into a glass and she heard the refrigerator open .
tr	O	那些曲线正如他所想，而且那张脸也配得上它们。
tr	O	盖布光着膀子，牛仔裤敞开着，站在休息室中央。
tr	O	准备工作没有她期望的那么多，但是她会设法完成的。
tr	I	She 'd brought Tasha along for support , and Looked like she was here on a mission , probably Julian 's mission .
tr	O	它挥舞手臂示意我向前，并且突然间我的双脚不再触地了。
tr	O	她有点失去平衡，但是她设法没有摔倒。
tr	O	是的，我曾是个傻瓜，但是我不笨。
tr	I	The front window sparkled with tiny white lights , and it had the biggest Christmas wreath of all .
tr	I	Susan waited her turn patiently , and John was going through his evening ritual of kissing the children .
tr	O	机械师在我们之间瞥了一眼，眉头紧锁，但是她没有说出她得出的任何结论。
tr	O	他知道命令是什么，并且他会用生命来服从它。
tr	O	人群真的很喜欢这首曲子，并且有几对夫妇起身跳舞。
tr	O	这对你来说可能不觉得是什么大事，但是我对待我的生意非常认真。
tr	O	班的声音在公寓里回荡，并且我叹了口气，放弃了我的打包。
tr	I	My tongue felt like it was swelling in my mouth , but my words all came out , at least I thought they did .
tr	I	I heard her stop them , and the others tried to follow .
tr	O	啊，是的，婚姻有很多值得称道之处，并且林克会享受每一分钟。
tr	I	I couldn 't see them , but I looked down .
tr	I	When he nodded , I took another breath and I glanced at him .
tr	O	拳头从四面八方向他落下，并且他能感觉到他正在失去知觉。
tr	O	助理帮我们解开了安全带，并且我坐了下来。
tr	O	起初我闭上了眼睛，但是却没有感觉，所以我睁开了眼睛，发现他的目光仍然锁定在我们的跟踪者身上。
tr	O	她自己房间正对面的会议室的门开着，但是她却无法看到那个没有窗户的房间深处。
tr	I	It was like the siren song all over again , but I didn 't hear my name .
tr	I	Here he was , apparently doing his utmost to start an argument and he wouldn 't see his wife for weeks .
tr	I	Her voice is calm , but Auntie 's breath comes fast .
tr	O	事实是我没怎么看过色情片，但是和阿拉斯加一起看色情片的想法却有一种特别的吸引力。
tr	I	It felt like the next few seconds lasted a full hour , and he paused .
tr	I	It didn 't half read like an artistic representation of writing , rather than writing itself , but he was sure it must be brilliant .
tr	O	我什么也做不了，但是我知道我看到了什么。
tr	I	I push down the guilt , but I know this is rude .
tr	I	I just closed my eyes to take a nap as I was too much tired and both of us went to our seats .
tr	O	她打算悄悄靠近出口，但是他用手紧紧抓住她的手腕，阻止了她。
tr	I	It appeared she would continue that way , and she had grown up without affection outside of her family .
tr	I	His hand was starting to lift my shirt , and his lips had moved down to my collarbone .
tr	O	我们没有再说话，但是这次我几乎没有注意到寂静。
tr	I	Then , with a growl , he found her wetness , and he gave a last kiss on her thigh .
tr	I	What he read in her was desire , and her anger had been erased for now .
tr	I	She was unable to look away , and there was something hypnotic about them .
tr	O	带我回家，并且就这样了。
tr	I	He didn 't say anything else , but I waited for him to continue .
tr	O	我试图解释我爱上了，但是我没能表达清楚。
tr	I	I do the work because it gives me a high , but yes , I took the job with Interpol to make amends .
tr	O	一个男人发出了一声欢呼，并且接着整个人群同时爆发了。
tr	O	绊倒不在计划中，但是我重重地摔在了地上。
tr	I	He looked up , and he felt the King 's hand on his shoulder .
tr	O	我不能责怪你，劳拉，但是我正在请求第二次机会。
tr	O	它打破了魔咒，并且我羞愧得脸红了。
tr	O	她喜欢他，但是她足够聪明不信任他。
tr	O	他是布克·罗宾逊，并且对他来说，坏名声是件极好的事。
tr	I	His answers were typically fascinating , often taking unexpected directions , but Dad was always so busy with a thousand things everyone wanted from him .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be any safer there than she was here , but she was giving serious thought to running back to her car .
tr	O	标签都是外国的，并且想到我身处敌后，这很奇怪。
tr	O	友好的兴趣从他的表情中消退了，并且它凝固成了我噩梦中那张冷酷的面具。
tr	I	Some of them were suffocated to death and their bodies were swollen .
tr	I	As the day wore on , he was picking up strength , but Joseph had trouble speaking , his throat sore from non-use .
tr	I	Ali was still gone , and Pierce had fallen asleep .
tr	O	沙漠中没有分心之物，并且个体可以找到内在的真相。
tr	O	我跑开了，但是我无法谈论它。
tr	I	There was always one way to annoy an Assassin , and he was dressed like an Assassin , after all .
tr	O	弯曲的金属上沾满了她的血，并且她能感觉到湿冷正在她的牛仔裤上变凉。
tr	O	他的思绪似乎无法超越他的不信，但是立即行动是至关重要的。
tr	O	他把球投得很低，尽管如此，并且我们很快就结束了这一局。
tr	O	我很震惊，但是我确定如果需要，我仍然可以扣动扳机。
tr	I	I think her injuries are less severe , but the girl , Alexa , is in with a doctor right now .
tr	O	他是桑伯恩姐妹的侄子，并且是韦弗利磨坊一切的继承人。
tr	O	有很多理论，但是没有人确定我为什么没有抵达悉尼。
tr	I	The lights went dark and the engine shut off .
tr	O	他之前一直很冷淡，并且她一直感到受冷落。
tr	O	她曾以为他用的是马匹，但是看起来有更好的办法。
tr	I	She put her hands on his chest , keeping him at arm 's length but he tried to pull her in tighter .
tr	I	I dropped to the floor , and as I hunched over , he kneed my face .
tr	I	He accepted the offer with a nod , but Dean was probably thinking the same thing .
tr	I	She didn 't want to lose him when they reached Boston , and that was the man Zoe enjoyed , too .
tr	O	我注意到每个人都因为她的话而撅嘴，并且我忍不住对此窃笑。
tr	O	他可以是世界上任何地方的任何人，但是他将孤独一生直到死去。
tr	O	她伸手去拿钥匙，并且谢尔顿阻止了她。
tr	O	我已经断绝了关系，并且他已经离开了。
tr	O	达特茅斯大学是比较昂贵的大学之一，并且我被迫自己支付大学费用。
tr	O	我猜是因为她不赶时间，并且他们正在把他们的公司打造成一个巨型企业。
tr	O	奎因看着科里，但是科里无言以对。
tr	O	她等着他开口，但是他只是坐在那里，看着她。
tr	O	她吸入了窗玻璃旁冰冷的空气，并且她的眼睛开始清澈起来。
tr	I	At least it would buy them some time , but Rick didn 't expect the ruse to last forever .
tr	I	Now she had to leave , and it was strange that she felt so at home here , like she belonged .
tr	I	She blows out a breath , and her face softens .
tr	I	I cut myself and the glass broke .
tr	O	厨房在房间的尽头，并且一条小走廊通向公寓的后面。
tr	O	她又笑了笑，并且我向上帝发誓，那声音是我听过最美妙的。
tr	I	Bull managed several trout from the creek , and we gathered wood to light a fire .
tr	O	没有地方可去，没有足够的时间移动，并且我的呼吸屏住了，因为我准备坠落而死。
tr	O	整个冬天岛上的积雪都很深，并且直到三月下旬才出现融化的最初迹象。
tr	I	I knew they had to be somewhere if the shrieks echoing through the hallways were any indication , but I hadn 't seen either of the guys .
tr	O	她爱她的家，但是没有别人在里面，它显得如此空荡。
tr	I	Her throat grew thick and she looked at Burnett .
tr	I	The net holds us safe , but the water hits us powerful hard .
tr	I	Sudden joy filled him , and a breathlessness overtook Brand .
tr	O	他说风险太大了，他们过着好日子，并且他不想破坏它。
tr	I	It has to be done , but I 'm not looking forward to it .
tr	O	然后它开始分解身体的细胞，并且他们的身体开始瓦解。
tr	I	Eventually we were sitting on the couch and we started kissing while we were standing .
tr	I	He couldn 't seem to help doing exactly that , but he doubted she was giving the lyrics any personal meaning .
tr	I	She 's a total spitfire and Summer is her seven-year-old daughter .
tr	I	It had been a long time since anyone had comforted her when she cried , but she didn 't know what had made Julian come after her .
tr	O	赤身裸体地自卫是他以前只做过一次的事情，并且发誓绝不会再发生。
tr	I	That 's not something I can ignore , and I felt my skin touch Kenji 's .
tr	I	A wind began to whip around us and Rhea raised her hand into the air .
tr	I	Work groups were not entirely satisfactory , and practically no one went to church .
tr	O	赫奇斯猜测，并且安倍点头。
tr	I	They weren 't , but Steven assumed his keys were in his pocket , something he usually does .
tr	O	最后她听到伊丽莎白对杰米大喊住手，并且然后她突然感觉到杰米被从她身上拉开。
tr	O	他的嘴唇大小适中，并且它们的颜色是深粉色。
tr	O	这只是第二个晚上，但是他们都有些疲惫。
tr	O	他们经过了室内玻璃墙的镜面反射，并且加西亚可以看到泰勒走在他们后面。
tr	I	There was no birth certificate but two bank books showed miserly balances .
tr	O	认为他一直在利用她是一回事，但是听到他亲口说出来，比她想象的更痛。
tr	O	我扬起了眉毛，并且她拍了我的肩膀。
tr	I	The priest with whom the doctor drove from Krakow became suspicious , but a gravestone seemed to bear this out .
tr	O	她点了点头，眼睛变得湿润，但是谢天谢地，没有眼泪落下。
tr	I	Casey ignored him , but at the table , Lux snorted .
tr	I	It was true , but the way Charli said it made me wince .
tr	I	She felt like a terrible caregiver for even suggesting leaving him outside , and Rocco gave her his sad little puppy dog eyes .
tr	I	The small waves reflected its rays in a million directions and the sun was beginning its descent .
tr	I	I gave James an apologetic look , and he was already a good ten paces in front of me .
tr	O	它们很浓稠，像豌豆汤一样，但是它们只在石柱圈外聚集。
tr	O	帕克赛德队很强，但是格兰德维尤队过去总是击败他们。
tr	O	杰克有一个该死的令人陶醉的吻，并且她忘记了呼吸，忘记了思考。
tr	O	自习室的门开了，并且德文走了进来。
tr	O	有时我像过去可怜埃德娜阿姨一样可怜自己，并且 我觉得自己只是个愚蠢的贱人。
tr	O	他在我面前掉了毛巾，而且 我不得不转过头。
tr	I	I found it difficult to even move and my energy was drained from the process .
tr	I	It was like trying to compare a stone with a bird but I tried to compare .
tr	O	玛娜走向壁炉，并且 她拉开了屏风。
tr	I	I didn 't know what time Claire would be home and I didn 't want to risk being late for work tomorrow .
tr	I	Past Prime beats me until I drop backwards onto the ground , but I try to protect my face with my arm .
tr	O	凯利本会觉得这很有趣，但是 他不得不承认这可能确实是真的。
tr	I	I mean they traveled , and they traveled every year .
tr	O	她在她所在的位置看不到厨房，但是 她也想看。
tr	O	这很奇怪，但是 我不打算开始认为它们最近真的被用过。
tr	I	I couldn 't believe he 'd do something so drastic , but sure , he was angry I 'd overused my powers .
tr	O	很容易就把他们当作是愚蠢的，但是 那并不完全是真的。
tr	O	我抓起我的钱包，并且 他在锁好门后牵着我的手，带我走向他的车。
tr	O	他正在用他的体重把我推出去，并且没有我用手柄支撑自己的体重，他向前踉跄了一下。
tr	I	Now the thinness of his face made that cruelty blatant , but his beauty did always have a cruel feel to it .
tr	I	He was too weak to hold it , but Henry himself was crowned king of France while still only ten years old .
tr	O	他太虚弱了，无法再这样做，并且现在恶魔知道他正在埋伏。
tr	I	They 'd decided to light a fire for the effect , but Brent had fixed the furnace .
tr	I	She checked her messages and her phone vibrated .
tr	I	Only the main walls of the basic structure were unchanged , and it 'd been remodeled .
tr	I	Clark interrupted , but she considered hanging up .
tr	O	她正试图想些什么来说，但是她的愤怒蒙蔽了她。
tr	I	She knew he had a good heart and she saw a friendly smile in his eyes .
tr	I	He paused briefly when he was beside my table , and I 'd described myself on the telephone the night before .
tr	O	房间太黑了，并且他打开了开关。
tr	O	他有更好的机会到达悬崖顶部，并且有人必须固定绳索才能到达下面的岩架。
tr	O	上方信号弹的光芒消失了，并且我再次陷入黑暗。
tr	O	我们系好了船，并且我给舷外马达的油箱加满了油，确保将燃料通过我在车库里找到的麂皮过滤。
tr	O	特里爱他的狗，并且他似乎已经克服了与它们相关的不幸。
tr	O	第一颗子弹从他头顶呼啸而过，并且另外两颗子弹撞到了门上。
tr	O	我检查了日志，但是唯一的电涌发生在我回去的时候。
tr	O	那人的手颤抖着，并且这让伊森感到一丝宽慰。
tr	I	I moaned against his lips , and the sensation turned to pain .
tr	O	安德鲁开着玩笑，并且他们毫不掩饰地调情。
tr	O	她已经考虑过她的选择，但是每个解决方案似乎都很糟糕。
tr	O	他的手臂没有肌肉隆起，但是他身上有一种力量，是汉娜从第一次见到他时就感觉到的。
tr	I	I nearly came undone , and Annabelle sighed , wrapping her hand around my bicep .
tr	I	He catches me in his arms and I feel my knees give out .
tr	O	麦克按下了电梯按钮，并且我拍开了他的手。
tr	I	I also didn 't want to leave her side , and I got the sense that Casey wanted me there .
tr	O	他们都坐了下来，并且他把手臂放在沙发靠背上，在她肩膀后面。
tr	O	失望地，他的脚在去门口的路上绊了一下，但是他继续往前走。
tr	I	I blinked rapidly , and my voice hitched .
tr	O	我抬起头，并且就看到了我的三楼邻居。
tr	I	One pasted on a wooden dummy , but Wei could see Feng 's smile that was like no human smile .
tr	O	我们走到了小巷一半，并且泰正敲着他的膝盖。
tr	O	我毫不怀疑每个人都希望他们能成为那个幸运儿，但是她是个聪明的女孩。
tr	O	我冲了进去，在浴室停下来洗手，并且随后找到了迪坐在一个靠窗的雅座里。
tr	I	A smile of sleepy satisfaction played on her lips , and her head lol ed back .
tr	I	I 've already put two individuals on death row for my crimes , and people have been convicted with less evidence than I have against you .
tr	O	婴儿安静了一些，但是她仍在哭泣。
tr	O	我试图闭上眼睛，但是我的身体在发麻。
tr	I	The human mind had not evolved , but people confused technology with human development .
tr	O	帽子在火光中闪着微光，并且莫伊斯特大脑的一部分闪闪发光。
tr	I	That had been my main fear , but I didn 't say the words .
tr	O	他的额头湿漉漉地淌着汗，并且当他抬头看我时，他的瞳孔都放大了。
tr	I	Only when he had decided it was time , did he come , and I had waited for him .
tr	I	Echo even felt hopeful and their moods had improved .
tr	O	尽管他的怒火现在都冲着她，他们是忍者，并且这就是忍者所做之事。
tr	I	She forced herself to stay calm , and the weight of Finn 's gaze made her shoulders hunch .
tr	I	A length of bridge several feet long was instantly awash in flame , and Oil splashed outward , ignited .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	那是半夜，但是法国区似乎并未察觉。
tr	O	鲜血开始从他的颈部喷涌而出，并且他向后跌去，捂着自己的喉咙。
tr	O	我不打算这样做，但是他们声称这家诊所是自杀安全的。
tr	I	I momentarily spaced out , and his eyes met mine .
tr	I	Her house is at least two miles away , and we 're in the middle of nowhere , at night , in a blizzard .
tr	I	At first glance , things didn 't look that much different , and Chapter Ten Leslie awoke after a fitful sleep .
tr	O	我开始回答，但是她打断了我。
tr	O	他可能是我幻象中的那个人，但是他却是个陌生人。
tr	I	It swings open , but I hesitate as I turn the doorknob , assuming I still won 't be able to open it .
tr	O	当他结束后，我们都起立为他鼓掌，并且他邀请我与他一起上台。
tr	O	莎拉停顿了一会儿，对他情绪上这种明显的变化感到吃惊，但是她不需要第二次催促。
tr	O	他不再苍白了，但是他看起来仍然被当天的事情吓坏了。
tr	O	这不是地震，或者他们现在就会在这里了。
tr	I	He hoped this wasn 't an indicator of a loss of organization and he had already gone over this with Nella .
tr	I	Now I fear it is time to pay the piper , and you 've been dancing to the tune , my dear .
tr	O	他放手了，并且它滚进了房子附近的大灌木丛里。
tr	I	I Will not hold you to that promise , but I thank you for that .
tr	I	We got on the road , and Colin stowed my bags in the back .
tr	I	How his letters made me feel and he looked so interested in me .
tr	O	他试图回答她，但是他做不到。
tr	O	快速穿好衣服，他正坐在外面的躺椅上，并且我坐在他旁边。
tr	O	杰克试图解释，但是他仍然惊魂未定。
tr	O	我不确定他是否真的关心，但是我很高兴他问了。
tr	I	May loved those , but a simple country race meeting .
tr	O	我摇了摇头，并且我们继续默默地走着。
tr	O	我爱你的父亲，并且我爱你。
tr	O	多诺万尖叫起来，并且他失去了对萨利的抓握。
tr	I	The day is dry , but the sun leaks through the clouds .
tr	O	杯子从她手中滑落，并且她后退了几步。
tr	I	He would stick with the general script , but they were getting into more detail than they had discussed .
tr	O	他嘲讽地笑了笑，并且她捏了捏他的手，试图安慰他。
tr	O	我能看出你的脾气会惹麻烦，但是话说回来，谦逊从来都不是我的风格。
tr	I	The beam of sunlight scored his high cheekbones , and his jaw seemed tight .
tr	O	我的皮肤很娇嫩，并且它疼痛地搏动着。
tr	O	关于名人葬在那里的部分对我来说无关紧要，但是我我知道那会令爸爸高兴。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且我们都站了起来。
tr	O	他向左看去，并且他的心凉了。
tr	I	Fallen into places he 'd rather not remember , and he 'd looked into a mirror once after taking the dust .
tr	O	将黄金运出国外会带来风险，但是把它留在这里可能意味着失去它。
tr	I	There 's no fixing it now , but I 've been feeling like we made a mistake ever since we left the jungle .
tr	I	It didn 't work , but I was trying to make her laugh again .
tr	I	I see many slaves about , but those in the air are all Invictus .
tr	I	So the fear he 'd always had of speaking aloud before others dissipated , and he 'd won Isabella 's heart .
tr	I	She wondered what other injuries this night would bring and she could feel the bruises forming in her side .
tr	O	现在我内急了，并且我将不得不冒险一试。
tr	I	He found himself way behind and the following day school started .
tr	I	Sebastian Princeton had wanted it , yet it wasn 't that interesting .
tr	I	She 'd waited until I came to her to admit anything , and I 'd told Olivia at the very beginning about my suspicions .
tr	I	She was far too cautious for that , and falling for Gabe would be dangerous .
tr	I	I 'm afraid for Realm , and just then security rounds the hall .
tr	I	Licks at Leon 's fingers , silently saying ' don 't stop scratching ' and Coto wakes up .
tr	O	这是他的错，然而他却心满意足地坐在那里，他的行为没有任何后果。
tr	O	我很冷，并且我很累。
tr	O	塔拉看到了他嘴边欲出的反驳，但是他没有说话，反而吻了她。
tr	I	I notice that hers do not , but my eyes flicker to the other Shippers .
tr	O	她才工作了两个小时，并且她已经准备放弃了。
tr	O	我会承诺继续努力，并且我希望你也是。
tr	I	The hallway circling it matched it in height , and unbound by gravity , the makers of the Orbital Embassy had constructed an impossibly tall banquet hall .
tr	O	夜幕正在降临，并且他想在天黑前把工作做完。
tr	O	我面对着镜子，而且她把自己放在了我身后。
tr	O	卡斯帕再次向前猛冲，而且我才刚刚设法潜到他面前，挡住了他的去路。
tr	O	托尼再次召唤了护士，并且监视器再次被读取。
tr	O	我说不出我怎么知道的，但是我就是知道。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I was ready for him to know , and I didn 't know if Aiden had heard that SOS had been revealed .
tr	O	达根怀疑那人是如何能够做到这些的，但是如果有人知道，也没有人说。
tr	I	For some reason she wasn 't afraid , but she didn 't know where she was .
tr	O	我们也正在考虑建立一个温室网络，但是你看问题在于冬天的雪荷载。
tr	I	She very much feared that she would never be free of her feelings for him , and he had entangled himself in her heart .
tr	I	My heart is racing , and my insides are flipping around .
tr	I	The siblings glared at each other , and Eva 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	她将双臂环绕在多诺万的脖子上，并且紧紧地抱住，她的抽泣声如释重负般有力地涌出。
tr	O	罗杰安静地等待着另一次爆发，但是牺牲掉那个苹果油条似乎暂时平息了总统对前总统霍尔科姆的怒气。
tr	O	我想要更多，但是图像正在褪色。
tr	I	They counted off , and Nick mimicked him .
tr	O	我听见了，但是如果你改变主意，我的提议仍然有效。
tr	I	He was not handsome and he was in trade .
tr	I	It was too dark to see much , but she had her wispy silk gown half off before she realized he was still watching her .
tr	I	I had just shut it off and my mind had gone into overload .
tr	I	I took an unsteady step back and he took a step towards me .
tr	I	Even that sat untouched before her , and she had not taken any food , only a cup of tea .
tr	I	Mort was right , but she didn 't want to admit it .
tr	I	She reaches to adjust it before she goes in the house , and her dress is hanging off her shoulder .
tr	O	她错了吗，并且他没有离开？
tr	O	我后悔待在当地和默夫聊天直到打烊，但是我不想让那个神奇的周末结束。
tr	O	我不确定你会觉得哪个更糟，但是两者都不会令人愉快。
tr	O	布里克不完全确定他想证明的观点是什么，但是他还是决心要证明它。
tr	O	倦怠感消失了，取而代之的是一种能量，让我感觉像喝了一千瓶功能饮料，并且它们都发挥了作用。
tr	O	我说不清为什么，但是当他说出那句话时，我的胸口一阵刺痛。
tr	O	当我与其他家庭交往时，我清楚地意识到我的命运是多么特别地幸运，并且感激之情促进了孝顺之爱的发展。
tr	O	也许是因为他早就知道他儿子会遭遇不测，而且打击是一步步到来的。
tr	I	Emily wasn 't there yet , but I peered through the window .
tr	O	我不想动用我的手肘，但是我发现我需要它们，哪怕只是为了自卫。
tr	O	他变得越来越虚弱，以至于经常疼痛，但是他从未表现出来。
tr	O	我看向牢房里，转身侧对着，而且背靠着墙。
tr	I	I waved to her as she blew me a kiss , and Jules dropped me off at my car in the school parking lot .
tr	I	His gaze was fierce with unearthly amber light , but his rough voice scraped out of the shadows .
tr	I	You were real and I dreamed of you for ages .
tr	O	你最需要我的时候，然而我却选择了袖手旁观。
tr	O	我感觉到他的退缩，但是我需要他。
tr	I	Jack alighted and the carriage rolled to a halt .
tr	O	沿着墙壁排列的那些奇怪的方块状装置仍在闪烁着生命迹象，但是实验室里除此之外空无一人。
tr	I	I could see confusion mingled in her eyes with the tears and she glanced up at me .
tr	O	它刺得很深，并且我因疼痛而叫喊起来，自己也惊慌地向前踉跄。
tr	O	我立刻就能看出他们是新生，或者他们就不会那样反应了。
tr	O	他的脚动了，并且我猜那是他的结束语。
tr	I	I 'm dying to get wrapped in its heat and it 's like I could feel the warmth of her soul pouring out of her .
tr	I	In that moment , I know it 's all true , and he refuses to raise his head .
tr	I	His hand changed back into a wolf paw again , and Bill grinned .
tr	I	I lift the corner of my gray scrubs to check for an injury , and there 's another sharp pain in my side .
tr	I	That didn 't make any sense , but from the looks of it , she appeared to actually be yelling at Garrett .
tr	I	The unceasing relentless banging was clearly beginning to make him rather irate , but he had decided to ignore Kathy 's pleas .
tr	O	布料上有一道长长的污渍，并且那就是让我多看了他一眼的原因。
tr	O	安德烈正当山峦隆起和密室墙壁坍塌时，从他最喜欢的巢穴安全地冲了出来。
tr	O	卡车比前面的吉普车更宽，并且它难以挤进那条狭窄的小路。
tr	I	She could leave it behind , but she was born into it .
tr	I	I bet if kissed him right now , he 'd taste of the ocean , and it 's wet from the sea spray .
tr	I	As he tried to regain his balance , she pulled away , and surprised , the man staggered .
tr	O	莎拉脸上露出茫然的神情，仿佛她正在想象那个未来，并且它不一定会让她感到兴奋。
tr	O	了解伊森的背景以及他能做些什么，内特很想介入。
tr	I	They were gaining on us , but the rest of Pioneer held off the Var .
tr	I	When he did it , he was the new server admin , but I don 't know enough to say how he did it .
tr	I	He fell asleep and his eyes shut .
tr	O	阿特拉斯立刻把他的大脑袋重新放在巨大的狗枕上，并且她开门时对他做了个假装的鬼脸。
tr	I	The group takes a vote , and I can challenge you on the BS call .
tr	I	She didn 't let go of him , but her feet found solid ground again .
tr	I	The world around him seemed so dark and he lost his wife a long time ago .
tr	O	他警告性地挤了挤，但是我已经吸引了特丽娜的注意力。
tr	O	乔什有点吼叫了一声，但是他明白了暗示。
tr	O	我知道那些人认为他们在尽责，但是我想把他们都揍扁。
tr	I	I could feel a part of me weakening , and I stared into his clear , open eyes .
tr	O	它不像科拉的饭菜那样精致，但是她看起来很高兴在桌上看到它。
tr	O	我知道我应该保持安静，但是我必须问他才能知道他是否和马特在一起。
tr	I	I didn 't feel it was bad enough for me to mention it , but it hurt more than usual when I got up .
tr	I	Lace hit the gas as soon as she closed the door and the woman hurried to get in .
tr	I	He was suddenly aware of every abrasion on his body , and Diego resisted the urge to scratch his arm in its sling .
tr	I	Now it had been reduced to rags and she had finally found something cute to wear .
tr	I	Then the cranium was replaced , with a little pottery noise , and there was some rummaging around that he couldn 't make out .
tr	I	He silenced the intended admonition with his declaration , but he didn 't receive a particularly warm welcome .
tr	O	他的皮肤苍白得在摇曳的灯光下看起来像死了一样，并且他的眼眶发黑。
tr	O	她的漂白头发编成了辫子，并且她背着一个大黑包。
tr	I	He didn 't pull back but his eyes widened in surprise .
tr	O	这名女子看起来没有失去知觉，但是迈克尔斯宁愿是那样。
tr	I	It wasn 't , yet it was money .
tr	O	床单是400支的，并且家具是购自Pottery Barn的。
tr	O	卡莉建议我们没有他一起去，但是那样感觉不对。
tr	O	我们怀疑大多数同事都知道，但是很难说。
tr	O	这种理解如同一记尖锐而刺痛的猛击穿透了我的大脑，并且我猛地停了下来，惊呆了。
tr	I	He was glad of it , and she was still a good friend ; remarried now .
tr	O	她感到头晕目眩得更厉害了，并且她的身体发麻。
tr	I	He will be bitter about this development and he 's a gifted , independent boy .
tr	O	他的脸皱成一丝畏缩，但是他没有把目光从我身上移开。
tr	O	我以前只在皇家湾见过那笔迹一次，但是关于那一晚的一切都永远铭刻在我的脑海中。
tr	O	他不知道谁被叫了，但是他会查清楚的。
tr	O	这让我露出了一丝微笑，但是它很快就在现实的光芒中消退了。
tr	I	I want you to stay the hell away from him , but we 've got the whole force looking for him .
tr	O	即使他说着那些美丽的话语，它们不是冲着我说的，并且这让我的内心很受伤。
tr	O	鬼魂颤抖了一下，并且他的脸因恐惧而皱起。
tr	O	她粗暴地着陆了，并且虽然她未能像克里斯那样有效地猛击士兵，但她转移了许多人的注意力。
tr	I	I had lost quite a lot of blood from deep wounds on my hand , and my arm was broken in two places .
tr	I	The door swung open , and he keyed the passcode into the lock .
tr	I	It worked without fail , and the dust was an old Hoodoo trick used to keep out unwanted spirits .
tr	O	第四章 野兽 空气厚重而潮湿，臭氧的刺鼻气味预示着下雨。
tr	O	罗里感觉到他想推开她，而且她不喜欢这样。
tr	O	听起来诺拉正在把我的父母拉开，而且我听到贝琪的狗牌叮当作响地跟着大家回到楼下。
tr	I	It would shine enough light to let him see where he was going , but the batteries were weak .
tr	O	你的威胁无法让我做恶行，但是它们坚定了我绝不让你成为邪恶同伴的决心。
tr	O	这一定是夏末促销和返校喧嚣合二为一。
tr	O	他们最终靠近到可以说话的距离，然而手势仍然继续着。
tr	O	我们没有人想安静下来，但是我们觉得我们应该安静——好像有人又开始祈祷了。
tr	O	他的困惑又清晰地显现出来，并且威尔注意到了。
tr	I	The silence seemed to stretch on forever , and chewing slowly , he watched me eat .
tr	O	他挑起了一边眉毛，并且我皱眉看着他。
tr	O	人群中响起紧张的低语，但是还是有人去叫卢西安了，他当时正坐在教堂旁边的一个办公室里。
tr	O	这句话在她自己的思绪中是连贯的，但是对别人来说，这只像是一个突兀的转话题。
tr	I	He seemed alright otherwise but his cheek had swollen badly from the punch .
tr	O	我能听到他吸气的声音，并且很快我就能感觉到他的兴奋了。
tr	I	Usually he simply declined to say anything , but he occasionally offered some half-hearted words of support .
tr	I	I want to help and I love a challenge .
tr	I	She instinctively knew what it must be and she needed something to stir her countrymen .
tr	I	I gasped and his member brushed across my leg .
tr	I	Their mouths fall open , and I flash a quiet smile .
tr	O	我没有躲着任何人，并且我也太年轻了，不能当联邦调查局特工。
tr	I	Meagan did likewise , and Matt dropped the ax .
tr	I	The three bedrooms upstairs provided some much-needed privacy , and the fireplace in the living space was inviting .
tr	O	没有所谓的糟糕的口交，但是那些真正、真正好的也并非那么常见。
tr	I	A gasp of sheer pleasure disbursed from me at the touch , and his lips grazed the back of my neck in the gentlest of kisses .
tr	O	我两小时后才到达机场，并且下一班飞机还要等一个小时。
tr	I	We had to keep this secret , but I wanted to scream !
tr	O	她不在的时候，显然发生了一些事情，但是她没有停下来弄清楚。
tr	O	这个声音听起来有点熟悉，但是我无法辨认出来。
tr	I	It is the only one as well and there is one antidote in my hands .
tr	O	他没有伤害我，但是他随时都可能伤害我。
tr	O	这不是他想象中仁慈的死亡，但是这终究是一场死亡。
tr	I	I felt bad , and much 's mouth tucked under .
tr	I	It was as good a place as any , but he didn 't know why he wanted to go home .
tr	I	Not giving them something to prattle about and let the people gossip on their own .
tr	O	那些字词似乎在光的帮助下跳动着，并且这让露娜感到惊讶。
tr	I	I got through it , but it wasn 't fun .
tr	I	She didn 't think it was really part of the job of a cook to supply snacks and that had been a nice surprise .
tr	O	她走路时仿佛是由玻璃制成的，而且即使是巨大的噪音也会让她破碎。
tr	O	他的手抓住了她的手，并且他把她的手指拉进了自己的嘴里。
tr	I	The torches were growing dim and the fire had burned down to embers .
tr	I	He paid and the manager produced Seth 's coffee .
tr	I	Then everything went blank , and her nostrils filled with a sickly sweet smell .
tr	I	Some of those years were with his dysfunctional mother and all of his childhood had been spent in the City .
tr	O	这将是一次漫长的回家航班，而且我心中的痛楚也不会让事情加快。
tr	I	There was complete silence in the room and Comrade Lee returned to his seat .
tr	O	这是我几天来第一次真正见到她，而且我在想现在是不是告诉她关于克莱的时候。
tr	I	David didn 't want to face it , but the end of Wayward Pines has been coming for a long time .
tr	I	I brought my cheek to hers , before whispering into her ear and she did as I asked .
tr	I	Even without vampiric enhancement , Hugh Dalton didn 't stand a chance , but Vlad 's eyes were their normal deep copper color .
tr	I	The view was a mountainous terrain , but Behind here looked like a window .
tr	O	她开始提问，但是他打断了她。
tr	I	She stepped inside and lukas opened the door .
tr	O	我感到很累，并且我的眼睛很难聚焦。
tr	I	I hated it , but that 's what I was supposed to do , that 's what I set my life up for .
tr	O	他让他的狼群有机会吸收新信息，并且当它们处理信息时，他衡量了它们的反应。
tr	O	这会带给他宁静，并且他会在睡觉时想起你。
tr	O	仅仅作为一名刺客而没有其他身份，这说不通。
tr	I	Then with a sigh she let herself lean , even wrapping her arms around his waist , but for a moment , Nell was stiff .
tr	I	He kept tilting his head minutely to the left , and his left shoulder seemed to be having miniature spasms .
tr	O	他们已经点过餐了，并且两人都有满满的葡萄酒。
tr	O	不，我必须留在餐厅里，并且我必须想办法让自己免受火灾。
tr	I	She knew it , and she was going .
tr	I	Then I was spinning away , and I let this person lift me .
tr	I	She was lowered down into the water and the bucket was placed under her head .
tr	O	她不想浪费时间从停车场跑过来，并且她从那时起就再也没回来过。
tr	O	她的两腿之间有一种需要缓解的搏动性疼痛，并且只有一种方法能保证让她得到她渴望的解脱。
tr	O	我感觉到她的手放在我的膝盖上，并且我稳住了。
tr	I	He was committed to expending every last bit of energy he had doing so and he was determined to get his hands on Ted .
tr	I	Sucking on hard candy had helped her through the worst of the nicotine withdrawal , and four years earlier she 'd quit smoking .
tr	O	你可以向霍尔警官解释到底发生了什么，并且我会和你的担架队去现场。
tr	O	小女孩想过丢弃她那个塞得满满的背包，但是她会需要那些补给品来应对漫长的旅程。
tr	O	他在她心中有那个位置，并且他永远都会有。
tr	O	有一只沉重的靴子抵着我的背，并且我无法抬起头来辨别是谁在跟我说话。
tr	O	有些女巫只需要意识到她们想要某样东西，并且然后，突然间，它就属于她们了。
tr	O	我不是《吸血鬼日记》的粉丝，但是米兰达却沉迷于这部剧。
tr	O	他的头猛地抬起来，并且他发现我正目瞪口呆。
tr	O	他没有穿衬衫，并且他的身体肌肉结实，线条分明。
tr	O	夏娃的围裙撞到柜台，并且她俯身钻过屏障，到另一边和克莱尔会合。
tr	I	It will be , but not yet , I thought .
tr	O	她完全可以穿着一件青色T恤出现在祭坛前，并且我也会满心爱意地娶她。
tr	I	She could not help herself , but she knew she was overreacting .
tr	O	干净的县城空气消散了，并且一股恶臭侵入了他的鼻腔。
tr	I	He was beginning to get a little bolder with the curves , and he hadn 't passed another vehicle for quite some time .
tr	I	Her mother , at least , seemed quite devoted , but maybe Courtney claimed to have been unloved , that her parents were the worst parents ever .
tr	I	The quicker she found her ride home , the better , and she wasn 't in any mood to deal with the police .
tr	O	他有一个受损的生物大脑，并且他有一个新的电脑大脑，旨在纠正这些损伤。
tr	O	他们是好人，并且我们是未来。
tr	O	战斗对吸血鬼来说似乎进展顺利，但是大部分蒸汽野兽都远离了飞船。
tr	I	I pulled up beside my dad and we arrived at the beach house .
tr	I	Lorraine seemed to blame him , and his American friend was dead .
tr	O	我呼出憋住的气，但是我仍然无法忍受。
tr	O	原本应该在那里放衬垫，让他的肩膀看起来宽阔，但是那些肩膀根本就没有空间了。
tr	O	门上传来敲门声，并且她内疚地跳了起来，突然从脑海中播放的浪漫插曲中惊醒。
tr	I	I lean back against the wooden wall in satisfaction , and the rich , robust flavor of the liquid smothers my tongue .
tr	I	The only upsetting occurrence was the rainy , gloomy weather , and Chocolate Fair The next days passed by without any incident .
tr	O	这一击让我喘不过气，并且冰冷的水渗入我的肺部。
tr	O	我曾经把她赶走过一次，但是她又回来了。
tr	O	她还在微笑，但是她是认真的。
tr	O	希瑟建议他应该睡一会儿，但是丹尼尔却宁愿回到伤员身边。
tr	O	卡拉坐了他的椅子，并且我坐在地板上，因为我才是我们来这里的原因。
tr	I	I never bothered to delve into the matter and we had other things on our minds .
tr	O	四名流放者都明显松了口气，但是王子却没有。
tr	O	肖像褪色了，并且我之前看到的那张老照片，就是1903年学校的那张，出现了。
tr	I	Some were younger and some were old .
tr	O	好的一面是，她再也不用烦恼月经了，但是被强行剥夺做母亲的机会是件痛苦的事。
tr	I	Already he was ready for another round and he 'd just experienced a mind-blowing orgasm ?
tr	O	很难相信他那充满甜言蜜语和呻吟的一夜，竟然仅仅是一项间谍任务。
tr	I	I 'll go wherever you want and put half a million in there today .
tr	I	There was one interesting fallout from the Paul Ash Contest , but Paul Ash did not invite me to travel around the country with him .
tr	I	I could swear it 's looking forward to this , but it 's only a robot .
tr	I	She turned to look at the man standing in the doorway and the door to the bedroom opened on a hush of sound .
tr	I	A bell pinged in the air and the air jets immediately turned off .
tr	O	博德摇了摇头，并且他向四周示意。
tr	I	She wobbled on her feet for balance , and my hand completely overtook her shoulder .
tr	I	It was to grasp my hand tightly in hers , but Amelie 's arm dropped from my shoulder as well .
tr	O	那股恶臭刺激了他的喉咙深处，并且他因胆汁上涌而作呕。
tr	O	她屏住了呼吸，并且一看到他，一种带着隐痛的纯粹渴望就充斥了她。
tr	O	我有自己的规律，而且他正在破坏它。
tr	I	It was also free of the madness , but it was a world void of the beauty she 'd preciously seen .
tr	O	是她的嘴巴……，并且是那颗美人痣。
tr	I	That weak rasp was all he could manage then , and they 'd cut his throat , torn it with their fangs .
tr	O	本吉把胳膊搂在我身上，并且我给了诺克斯一个感激的眼神。
tr	O	罗尔夫爵士的面罩被抬起，并且几缕金发从他的锁链头盔下伸出来。
tr	O	他身体的痉挛性动作使他的手臂比舒适状态又向前猛动了几英寸，并且他痛苦地皱起了脸。
tr	O	他显然有部分印第安人血统，并且切尔西想知道他为什么看起来和别的布兰德家的人如此不同。
tr	I	Now it was occupied with diners in search of some seclusion , but Ethan glanced into the private room .
tr	I	He wouldn 't meet my gaze , but he shrugged .
tr	O	在车上我们轻松地聊着天，但是我们确实绕了一个小弯。
tr	I	The hall dissolved into chaos and the king 's eyes widened .
tr	O	我看着她，直到门在她身后关上，并且前面挂着的黑色布料垂下。
tr	I	It only added to her worries where he was concerned ... and she couldn 't put the puzzle of Zach Sullivan together .
tr	I	To do , but for all those changes , all that upheaval , what else was there ?
tr	I	That was enough , but he only had an acre .
tr	O	并非他厌恶与她做爱，但是她在这个话题上的迅速转变让他晕头转向。
tr	O	我周围的谈话声渐渐消失，并且几秒钟后，戴蒙落座在我左边的座位上。
tr	O	他不是一个很爱整洁的人，并且他的思绪立刻转向了他的母亲。
tr	O	他们中的一个递给我马克的手枪，但是两人都没有开口。
tr	I	She took a deep breath , and they were outside the tent within minutes .
tr	O	我看了一眼安东尼，并且他回看了我。
tr	I	His palms are cold against my skin and I lower my feet to the floor as his hands sneak under my shirt .
tr	O	他没有真的给我施压，但是他也没有停止诱惑我。
tr	I	He wanted some time to think , but the concert didn 't start for a couple of hours .
tr	I	Hell worked in efficient ones , but God might work in mysterious ways .
tr	I	The hand another four and the blade was about six inches long .
tr	O	是杰克，并且他很担心。
tr	I	My mom would love it and it was an antique .
tr	O	我不知道你有没有被人对着脸尖叫过，但是让我告诉你那是世上最恐怖的经历。
tr	I	I glanced over at the front door and Worry began to break through my curiosity .
tr	O	杰夫为她开了门让她出门，但是她想起来把外套落在客厅了。
tr	I	A third will likely kill and a second may cause injury .
tr	O	托尼越过肩膀瞪了大卫一眼，但是大卫只是回以微笑。
tr	I	Her mouth was dry as cotton , despite the cold water she continued to sip and Natalie 's heart beat rapidly .
tr	O	他已经很久没有和女人调情了，但是他立刻就被她吸引了，所以他还是尝试了。
tr	O	人们张大了嘴巴，并且所有呼吸似乎都停止了。
tr	I	I just stared at my boots , but I was tempted to run away .
tr	I	Most non-essential systems were offline and the ship was still on silent running .
tr	O	她体型庞大，装甲厚重，并且伊莱只能想象它有多重。
tr	O	她已经决定不杀他父亲了，但是现在她却潜入了宫殿最危险的部分。
tr	I	As he comes closer to me , I start to feel almost faint and he smiles cordially .
tr	I	Damien is more so , but my mother is formidable .
tr	I	There wasn 't but I 'd like to say there was a trick to staying safe .
tr	O	她可以间歇性地通过他的眼睛看东西，但是这不像往常那样具有侵扰性。
tr	O	事实是她认为蒂米撑不过去，并且如果她等他，他们俩都无法站起来。
tr	I	What looked like diamonds made up the castle , and blue lapis had been used for the sky .
tr	I	Still he didn 't move , but I yelled it a few more times from the top of my lungs .
tr	O	我努力保持耐心，但是我恼火自己没有从一开始就质问艾米。
tr	O	她接过了咖啡，但是她没有坐下喝，而是逛起了裸男先生的家。
tr	I	I take a deep breath before turning back to him , and my bag lands loudly on the floor as I drop it down .
tr	I	It was Frank 's last and the message was duly posted .
tr	O	你不是个傻瓜，并且你也没有做错任何事！
tr	I	I am going to change into Sibyl , but he has met me as Mrs. Fuller .
tr	O	我这辈子打破的规矩多得数不清，而且我也不得不面对后果。
tr	I	He didn 't move it , but she pushed at his arm .
tr	I	His voice shook as he spoke , and his hands closed into fists .
tr	I	It was all he could force himself to do to break the contact , and slowly he lifted his mouth .
tr	I	The voices were new , but as soon as Simon punched the keys , the image on the screen stayed the same .
tr	I	They both jumped into bed and Anabel closed the window .
tr	O	你取得了成果，但是世界似乎正在改变。
tr	O	我的未婚妻在里面，而且现在她走了。
tr	I	Order be maintained , and what mattered was that the work got done as it should be done .
tr	O	我们不会诉诸酷刑或任何如此激烈的方式，只是想从他那里吓问出一些答案。
tr	I	All waited for it anxiously and it was a real fiesta .
tr	I	She knew the day would come but it would take time .
tr	O	接着更多的十字军抵达，建造了更多的机器，并且他们的攻击在城墙上打出了许多缺口。
tr	I	It wasn 't the first time and her Aunt 's adverse reaction didn 't surprise her .
tr	O	他很喧闹，但是那并没有什么特别不寻常的。
tr	O	萨姆的眼睛狂乱地转动着，并且他猛地扭向一边。
tr	I	It was enough to satiate her , but it was not the appropriate answer for what she wanted .
tr	O	几秒钟的寂静过去了，并且她把脚从踏板上抬了起来。
tr	O	你们两人对我一直都很客气，并且我将永远记住这一点。
tr	O	再过十分钟，并且我敢打赌这一切都会消失。
tr	I	He was giving her what she wanted , yet she had not begged .
tr	I	It didn 't conceal anything but a dark cloak was casually thrown over his shoulders .
tr	O	它然后完全翻开了，并且他站了起来，警惕地环顾四周。
tr	O	这比我记忆中更容易攀爬，并且一个新获得自由的爱因斯坦从我们身边爬了过去。
tr	I	Someone grabbed her by the neck , and thundering steps issued from behind her .
tr	I	I could see my comment about his paid for toy bothered him and his mouth formed a tight line .
tr	O	他是一个像Arcs一样的年轻人，并且他穿着同样的作战服。
tr	O	我们让窗户起雾了，并且有一只手紧贴在玻璃上，就像那部电影里一样。
tr	I	His fists remained clenched , but he loosened his grip .
tr	I	They let her know it , and her family 's loss is Richmond 's gain .
tr	O	雅各布还在跑，但是格蕾丝不知怎么已经追上了他。
tr	O	前院里停满了大约二十辆车，并且一群人聚集在一棵大老树前。
tr	O	她赌了，并且她输了。
tr	O	我需要的远不止新鲜空气，但是这是一个开始。
tr	O	我知道他在说话，但是仅此而已。
tr	I	If something really was wrong , she needed to know I was concerned about her , but I didn 't want to pry .
tr	O	她看了一眼肩膀，并且她所看到的可怕景象让她绊倒了。
tr	I	I was suddenly sure that it wasn 't good , but I didn 't know what I was doing here .
tr	O	健康状况很差，并且钱也用完了。
tr	O	公主有一个角色要扮演，并且确保她演好是玛丽亚的工作。
tr	O	她脸上六英寸远的表情是明确无误的，并且我感到一丝回应的冲动。
tr	O	他翻开他的徽章，并且两个男人交换了不确定的眼神。
tr	I	Irwin began to prattle right away , but Vivian kept her mouth firmly shut .
tr	O	艾吉奥正要打断，但是莱昂纳多举起一只紧张的手。
tr	I	Austin threw another one , clearing the path yet again with a loud explosion and another group of zombies were coming straight for us .
tr	I	With one swallow , I knew I 'd missed his , but I never thought I 'd miss the taste of blood .
tr	I	No one mentioned her whereabouts , and what worried him more was he had not seen her since that night .
tr	O	我们离它还有点远，但是我不断地将手电筒照向金属。
tr	O	我假装我们是另一些人，在别的地方，而且这也让继续下去变得更容易。
tr	O	埃利奥特又开始吻我，但是他被敲门声打断了。
tr	O	你是个有魅力的女人，并且我希望你不会觉得我令人厌恶。
tr	O	他们从未说过话，但是薇洛觉得他对她的了解比她对他的了解更多。
tr	I	To risk it all to be known around mortals -- or to remain forever in a hidden identity ?
tr	O	尽管我出生在美国，我的父母当时正在学习英语，并且我们在家总是说意大利语。
tr	O	我变得更关注自身，而非它想念我，并且，尽管我内心抗拒，我现在感到自己被那个想法催眠了。
tr	O	贝基在我们走向储物柜时显得很疲惫，但是，我依然保持镇定。
tr	O	他的目光在她身上缓慢地扫过，并且，他对她咧嘴一笑。
tr	O	电话在一个清晨响了，并且，在我拿起它之前，我想知道还会有什么更糟糕的消息。
tr	O	他已经检查过了，并且，她没事。
tr	I	It sucked , and I got it in Papua New Guinea .
tr	I	Together they walked around the back of the house to the main garden , which was alight , and James took her hand .
tr	I	Lucky for him it ´ s carpeted and her brother falls to the floor .
tr	I	They were my specialty and I had many , many light balls ( bulbs , are what the people used to call them , ) .
tr	O	她必须尽快解决这件事，在她心软并屈服于自己脑海中燃烧的问题之前。
tr	I	The actuator will trip , and just hold the squawk button for long enough .
tr	O	当我被发现时，有几个青少年，但是，在我十岁之前，从来没有同龄人。
tr	I	I was promptly escorted off the premises and we exchanged the cash for the handcuffs .
tr	I	I would be free and I just needed to get my arm out from under her weight .
tr	O	安妮觉得有点幼稚，但是，她无法控制自己。
tr	O	迦勒什么也没说，但是我们必须做点什么。
tr	I	He didn 't look up , but tallis was the one to respond .
tr	I	It definitely held merit , but it fluttered around his mind , refusing to be pinned down long enough for decent study .
tr	I	She took another and it was delicious .
tr	O	斯迈思少校知道不会是那样，或者登山者的小屋就不可能建在山肩上。
tr	I	Right now , there wasn 't a pressing need for it , but he 'd have to talk to Chad at some point .
tr	O	隧道里除了老鼠什么都没有，但是她仍然讨厌如此脆弱。
tr	O	反应后氢气会很热，而且它会想上升。
tr	O	她是一位四十五岁的魁梧女人，而且一眼就能明白她为何仍是单身。
tr	O	斯莱德听过一些疯狂的故事，但是这个故事让他头脑一片空白。
tr	I	She paled and the man suddenly looked at Misty .
tr	I	He 'd asked but she hadn 't wanted to upset him .
tr	O	他很早以前就学会了耐心，并且在向窗户瞥了一眼后，他再次举起了报纸。
tr	I	Frankie winked at me , and Nancy squeezed my shoulder .
tr	I	She couldn 't read it from where she 'd knelt , but a small paper tag , held in place with a gold string displayed a name .
tr	I	There was a crease between his eyebrows , and Gansey looked up at her .
tr	I	He 's getting into Frankie 's SUV while I stay with my dead mother and it 's like we 're fourteen again .
tr	O	她弯腰去取它们，但是不知怎么他却先到了那里。
tr	O	他能看到我没看到的东西，并且我喜欢听取他对事情的看法。
tr	O	他的脸皱了起来，并且我受不了了。
tr	O	逝者的头皮上缺失了几绺头发，并且完好的头发上沾满了逝者的血液。
tr	O	那是一张平平无奇的卡片，可能在旅游线路沿线的许多市场摊位上都有售，并且他慢慢地把它翻了过来。
tr	I	His thoughts had been scattered well before the heavy had struck him , but * * * * * David 's head ached from Venn 's blows .
tr	O	她也不会，并且她想知道假期还会有什么其他惊喜。
tr	O	他们中有些人带着躺椅，并且他们中有些人正在玩牌。
tr	I	He 'd ripped the darn things in half with his clumsy fingers , but he 'd tried to put in contacts tonight for her .
tr	I	She couldn 't move and Mia 's breathe stuck in her lungs .
tr	I	Edward doesn 't miss a beat , and I kick him under the table .
tr	I	He seized me in one swift movement and a low growl erupted from his chest .
tr	I	Riley was right about one thing , but I didn 't know if I could entirely trust him .
tr	I	We didn 't know what that stood for , but it has the initials D.W. on it .
tr	I	I would die or I would live .
tr	O	这糟透了，但是这就是世界的运作方式。
tr	I	He 'd never explained why they 'd broken up , but Charles had said he hadn 't spoken to Bronwyn in twelve years .
tr	I	The last thing Cassidy needed was to become the new object of her torture , and I knew what Charlotte could be like .
tr	O	好的，她的胸部不小，但是它们也没这么突出。
tr	O	他的眼睛扫视着房间，并且他的眉毛皱了起来。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how I had gotten in bed and I couldn 't really remember the events of the night before .
tr	O	我的心不规则地跳动着，并且我的舌头一想到要在她面前真正发声就肿了两倍大。
tr	I	He backs up a couple of steps , creating enough space between us that we can move freely and I take it .
tr	O	我会变成贝瑟尼，并且他会变成道森。
tr	O	没有食尸鬼追赶的声音，但是这不意味着他们没有被跟踪。
tr	I	It was a part of his plan and she knew this was just a beginning .
tr	I	It wasn 't taking , but he tried sounding serious .
tr	O	我并不是责怪她对她城市的爱，但是她几乎说不出马塔拉以外的三个定居点。
tr	O	她靠画肖像画挣得了可观的工资，但是闲钱一直很稀有。
tr	I	I was sorry for the kid and I was feeling generous .
tr	O	她的哭声变成了咯咯声，并且她用她仅剩的一点力气撕扯着我的手肘。
tr	I	My body meets him for every thrust , and I 'm hypnotized by his slow , steady rhythm .
tr	I	She shook her head , but the appreciation on his face made the breath catch in her throat .
tr	O	白天更长了，但是她不知道具体有多长。
tr	O	我们走出了阁楼，并且尼克帮我下了楼梯。
tr	I	I hid a grin and Emma 's gaze skated back to Rhys .
tr	O	他的目标比我的更具破坏性，并且他设法一瘸一拐地走开了。
tr	I	The growl that rumbled deep in his chest was threatening , and the dog 's black hair bristled .
tr	O	肖恩走向布伦达，并且她把刀递给了他。
tr	O	看不见的树枝抽打着她的脸，并且她被隐藏的树根绊倒了。
tr	I	I 'm not going away , and I know who you are .
tr	I	Rush pulled me up against his chest until my breasts were pressed against him and a knock sounded at the door .
tr	O	我内心的一部分同意她关于需要减掉十磅的说法，但是听到这话我仍然感到刺痛。
tr	O	她估量着她的牌，并且很快赌局就开始了。
tr	O	欧内斯特深吸了一口气，并且他的焦虑消退了。
tr	I	Only an unintelligible whisper came out , but he tried to speak .
tr	O	我的牙齿变尖了，并且我的身体缩小了。
tr	I	We found ourselves facing the open door of a parlor , and she led me around a corner .
tr	O	伴侣会本能地那样做，保护他们的雌性免受其他雄性变形者的侵害，但是卡西迪知道迭戈并不是出于任何伴侣的原因才那样做的。
tr	O	我的头疼得厉害，而且天还很黑。
tr	I	Maternal Nature bade me weep no more , and the very winds whispered in soothing accents .
tr	I	McCoy struggled to remember her name , and a female deputy sat behind the front desk .
tr	I	He revised that thought and his gaze met Kip 's head on .
tr	O	他的心似乎要跳出胸膛，而且他无法控制自己的喘息。
tr	I	I was pretty sure we 'd still have a little left , but we 'd lose some of it .
tr	I	He had to push back the rage that was propelling him forward and his voice was a whisper .
tr	O	我可能要死了，而且很多人会和我一起死去。
tr	O	现在他只是一名老师，而且我只是另一个学生，没有以任何特殊方式与他联系。
tr	O	她拉了拉他棒球帽的帽檐，并且他笑了。
tr	I	Only gurgled sounds escaped her but she was trying to speak .
tr	O	其中一个倒了，并且纸板箱似乎在“流血”。
tr	O	那个高大的雄性威胁性地走向彼得，但是他从未将视线从艾米身上移开。
tr	I	Maria was thumbing through a magazine and Ruby had gone up to bed .
tr	O	Lea向佩顿的下巴打出一个左上勾拳，并且佩顿用左摆拳反击，形成了一次交换。
tr	I	He wasn 't a cruel man , and none of them would miss Mary .
tr	O	他举起其中一个药瓶，并且我能看到，当他专注于它时，他脸上的专注线条正在加深。
tr	I	One fellow kept looking at me , but there weren 't many people there .
tr	O	我为自己做了这个决定，但是我没有权利为你做这个决定。
tr	O	我知道一旦我离开弗雷德，我就不会那么安全了，但是我必须听迪戈想告诉我什么。
tr	I	It was marred with embarrassment but now the blush had returned .
tr	O	我再也不会以同样的方式看待那辆车了，但是我的感伤情怀不足以阻止佐伊得到它。
tr	O	盖奇举起手，仿佛要抗议，但是她打断了他。
tr	O	她的嘴角颤抖着向上弯成一个微笑，但是他轻柔的责备却让她更想哭。
tr	I	It was slung over his shoulder and he had his tuxedo in a garment bag .
tr	I	His lip curled and his head declined .
tr	I	Hopefully he would understand what I was about to tell him , and he understood .
tr	O	这是一个事实，她也相信他，回想起她是如何紧紧依偎着他，几乎是在邀请接下来发生的一切。
tr	I	He might have been able to , except that Verlaine stepped past him , heading toward Asa , and ignore her , he told himself .
tr	O	埃里克点了点头，并且罗恩看着我。
tr	I	Glanced at the alarm clock on his night table and * * * * * Rick awoke slowly .
tr	I	Several of those felt loose as well , and I used my feet to feel the other bricks around the newly empty space .
tr	I	Something made her hesitate , but she turned to go .
tr	O	他想告诉她一切都会好起来，但是他还没有冷酷到可以对她撒谎。
tr	I	It was all evil , and it was all black .
tr	I	All he finds is an endless black , but landing safely upon a small platform of earth , he waits for his eyes to adjust .
tr	I	We start into the maze and Light bursts into the sky .
tr	O	我又倒了一杯酒，但是沙亚伸手去拿。
tr	I	As she did so , she felt her soul motion towards the light above , and she felt herself being drawn into the soul of another .
tr	O	他关上了身后的门，并且我们走下了门廊的台阶。
tr	I	For the first time in her life , Sarah Townsend willfully told a lie , and his voice was hoarse .
tr	O	大约是凌晨两点，并且沃森宅邸的灯还亮着。
tr	I	The sneaker was already soaked , but I jerked my leg up .
tr	I	Something had gone terribly wrong , but a beautiful spot to build a city .
tr	O	山姆没有回答，并且我意识到他没有听到我说话。
tr	I	I knew he wouldn 't do it , but if I could , I 'd make Chance stay behind too .
tr	I	Then you 'd want to know more , but I could tell you .
tr	I	The Vampire smiled in victory and finally the officer turned away .
tr	O	他的流畅性略微僵硬了，并且他的表达比所有人习惯的要弱一些。
tr	I	You 're a great guy , and I like you a lot .
tr	I	I was always assigned to the mine at Cold Pass Mountain , but some officials had favorite keepers that they used like personal servants .
tr	I	She nods , hearing him clearly enough , even with her fingers in her ears , and Tyson inputs .
tr	I	Somehow I know she 's right , but I love her so much .
tr	O	他的语气很苦涩，但是阿什利突然大笑起来。
tr	O	几件吸引了她的目光，并且她小心地把它们叠好，放进夹克口袋里。
tr	O	他审视着她的脸，并且她压制住了想要坐立不安的冲动。
tr	I	He 'd save that for later , but all three nosed at his hand in the hope of treats .
tr	I	They removed their glasses and the light flashed out .
tr	O	托尼慢慢走开了，但是加文却发现自己在对着空荡荡的空间大喊。
tr	O	凯恩差点因她的凶猛而咧嘴一笑，但是他的嘴唇却因欲望而扭曲得太紧。
tr	O	他俯身想吻她，但是他够不着她的嘴唇。
tr	O	当然，我意识到任何针对他的行动都可能牵连到你，但是我没有料到会是这样。
tr	O	这些年来，黑暗的召唤在他心中变得强烈，并且他大部分时间都独自一人，远离诱惑。
tr	I	We all turned to listen to her comments , and she began walking toward us .
tr	O	新鲜感消失了，并且我在几周后就放弃了。
tr	I	My mind was fuzzy , and my limbs felt numb .
tr	I	We stepped into a long hallway , and it opened at her touch , however .
tr	O	她以为她仍然能听到它，在很远的地方，但是她不确定。
tr	O	他说话时回头看了一眼，并且凯特认为他的目光既包含了加布里埃尔也包含了她。
tr	O	突然间他感觉自己恨他的母亲，尽管他不知道为什么，并且他默默地向上帝祈祷宽恕。
tr	I	His eyes darted at me frantically , but his voice was a normal tone as if the earth wasn 't trying to swallow me .
tr	I	She knew better , but her brother said she was paranoid .
tr	O	她面对着我，并且我明白了我们必须做什么。
tr	O	“永远，”他说，并且他再说不出话来了。
tr	I	Plaster was filtering down and the ceiling was buckling .
tr	I	There wasn 't much natural light , and this was one room that had intact shutters .
tr	O	我身后的男人第一次开口说话，并且我猛地转过身面对他。
tr	I	He did not care , but he painfully hit himself on landing .
tr	I	I highly doubted he would , but I figured he wanted to try to find the person .
tr	O	这是一种危险的爱好，但是克莱尔猜金姆知道这一点。
tr	O	她是一个破碎的躯壳，拒绝所有人类接触，但是她一直问起伊森。
tr	O	我们听到远处树叶沙沙作响，但是接着我们听到了咯咯的笑声。
tr	O	她的植入物显示没有热信号，但是保持警惕也没有坏处。
tr	I	Moody listened to Morris quietly muttering as he moved away from the living room and the receiver was gently replaced .
tr	O	他的手垂了下来，但是他走得更近了。
tr	O	像弗朗西斯卡一样，斯凯勒说法语，然而弗朗西斯卡觉得那不是她的母语。
tr	O	她意识到她目前的居住安排不尽人意，但是至少是个能遮风挡雨的地方。
tr	O	他的声音听起来很熟悉，并且我的心跳漏了一拍。
tr	I	Her sweet chubby cheeks were shiny from sunscreen and her red lipstick was faded from the sun .
tr	I	This is a script I can write , too , and he appears to know exactly who Declan is .
tr	O	她曾信任我，并且我让她失望了。
tr	O	我不确定在过去的几分钟里我对我的伪装造成了多大的损害，但是我需要查清楚。
tr	I	He chased me into the woods , and this angered him .
tr	I	Things are different now , but ordinarily I would not say as much .
tr	I	The black paint on our window shutters is peeling off in big chunks , and they 're in desperate need of a trim .
tr	I	She 'd pulled on a patchwork sweater over a turquoise T-shirt and Fiji was wearing a long brown skirt .
tr	I	He moaned and his eyes fluttered open .
tr	O	他又迈出了一步，这一步让他靠近了她，但是他没有碰她。
tr	O	她张开了嘴，但是没有发出声音。
tr	I	I have to place an order and my neighbor sells 'em .
tr	O	承认这件事，即使是对他自己承认，都让他感到无比恐惧，但是他必须知道。
tr	O	地面看起来像光滑的象牙，但是光着脚踩上去却感觉像铺了地毯。
tr	I	A pickpocket Cameron had rescued from the streets years ago , but he was not a finely trained servant from an agency .
tr	O	六年后，这个噩梦已经不陌生了，但是他以为自己已经把它驱逐出去了。
tr	I	I feel air beneath my feet and we both jump at the same time .
tr	I	She swallowed him down , and his cum erupted in her mouth .
tr	O	泰勒鼓励性地对他点了点头，但是史波克只是摇了摇尾巴。
tr	O	我向一旁躲闪，但是网还是擦到了我。
tr	I	A new one begins , and their moment has ended .
tr	O	他把杯子举到嘴边，但是他并没有真正喝那牛奶。
tr	I	My mind said no , but my lips quivered to get some even a taste .
tr	I	He wasn 't about to waste it , and they had a long night ahead of them .
tr	I	She didn 't answer , but I tried to call her .
tr	O	他的话对我毫无价值，并且他的行动已经说明了一切。
tr	I	Hart was long ago and what was between me .
tr	O	埃德蒙全身是伤，并且伦安然无恙。
tr	O	这是我们想听到的那种振奋人心的信息，并且人们在他们的长椅上坐得更舒服了。
tr	O	我的直觉告诉我这家伙是个疯子，但是我将尽我所能查明一切。
tr	O	她不知道他什么时候会来接她，但是她期待着在汽车旅馆再住一晚。
tr	I	Her hips rocked forward to find more contact and he wedged himself between her thighs .
tr	I	He 's two years old by Nephilim count , and Cowboy Hat 's real name is Shaun Corbridge .
tr	O	他们急忙下了两层楼梯到最下面的门，并且他们进入了一个拥挤不堪的停车场。
tr	O	最近几个月，他们一直吃得很快，但是他看到他们吃得很快是为了赶紧结束。
tr	O	他的剑掉了，并且他的手臂垂了下来。
tr	O	他看了看他的搭档，并且他们离开了。
tr	O	老实说，我也不喜欢温克勒留在我身上的气味，但是对此我无能为力。
tr	I	I convince him to stay for dinner , joking that we needed a little divine intervention and we talk with father Jeffers .
tr	I	The net caught her arm and the bull reared again .
tr	O	我不想去，但是人们期望我会去。
tr	I	Sandy seems to be totally fine with it and now we 're suddenly having conversations about getting boyfriends .
tr	I	He would take care of the ranch and she would see to the resort portion .
tr	O	他为我们俩踩着水，托着我，并且我惊叹于他的力量。
tr	O	他大胆地穿过十字路口，逆着车流行走，惹恼了几位司机，但是他自然地毫发无损地到达了另一边。
tr	I	Karla went through into the kitchen and the lunch time rush passed .
tr	I	He already knew her so well and he was so skilled .
tr	I	He finished the wine and Kate opted for a Spanish coffee .
tr	I	It might stop my heart from aching if I do , but I still wasn 't sure if I should see him .
tr	I	We did get intimate and I dated my girlfriend from high school for a very long time .
tr	O	费斯反正也不会说什么，但是他点了点头表示理解。
tr	I	His eyes shoot open , and his head jerks suddenly upward .
tr	I	She thought she would faint and her heard swirled .
tr	I	The gods were now joining the mess of fighting bodies around front , and Apollo had obliterated the soldiers .
tr	O	埃里克把手伸进水里想取出项链，但是湖水很深。
tr	O	这有花花公子的游戏意味，并且这对她来说不是游戏。
tr	I	There was no time to get off a shot , but he managed to free his weapon from the holster before I barreled into him .
tr	I	No one could 've guessed she was capable of murder , but she 'd always been a little different , definitely offbeat .
tr	I	A cool surge of power washed over her , and he growled , his mouth parting to reveal his fully extended fangs .
tr	O	他又等了一会儿才慢慢站起来，大楼的门突然打开了，并且他又蹲了下去，透过望远镜观察着。
tr	O	任何冲突都需要迅速解决，或者他们就不得不诉诸常规武器。
tr	O	他的眼睛又猛地睁开了，并且他把我拉了回来。
tr	O	我望向我母亲，并且我们俩都笑了起来。
tr	O	我已经在街头住了一年了，并且到目前为止，没有遗憾——多亏了罗西的帮助。
tr	O	人群非常活跃，并且每张脸上都带着对摄像机外正发生的事情的惊讶表情。
tr	O	这刚刚足够了，并且她的母亲将瑞秋拖到了安全地带。
tr	I	Now she 'd have to live with the group 's response , and she 'd asked the question from her rigid perch on Monique 's other sofa .
tr	I	Horses were disgusting , and horses lived in stalls inside of barns .
tr	I	Dee popped back into the foyer , but he opened his mouth to say something .
tr	O	当她帮他从床上到推车时，他出了一身汗，但是他没有发出一点声音。
tr	I	The laughter was gone , ground out like the cigarette and she raised her eyes to Billy .
tr	I	They remind me of why I 'm going to marry him and they 're beautiful memories .
tr	I	He chose to ignore it , despite my attempts to make it obvious , but he had to have heard the bewilderment in my voice .
tr	I	What formerly was known as Joe 's brain is currently spread all over the walls and three seconds later a loud pop is heard behind the window .
tr	O	她的祖母低声祈祷，但是凯伦听不懂所有的词。
tr	O	扫罗现在正耐心地等待我的决定，但是我仍然不确定该怎么做。
tr	O	我张开嘴想尖叫，但是发出的只是一声闷响。
tr	I	Descendant will do , but a lot of greats would need to go before granddaughter .
tr	O	他用他最强的招数击中了我，而且我显然毫不在意地耸了耸肩。
tr	O	他的车停在车道上，并且前廊的灯亮着。
tr	O	一点点理解浮现了，但是这已经足够了。
tr	O	我听到有东西在追我们，而且它肯定很大。
tr	I	His hand stopped an inch away , but he reached out to touch my face the same way Knox had .
tr	I	The pain from the piercing was already waning , but the silver cross felt cold resting in her navel .
tr	O	我本不该干涉的，但是我情不自禁。
tr	I	I like her , but she 's not a close friend .
tr	I	He doesn 't , but I wait for him to say something .
tr	O	她数了八个，知道包括伊西斯在内应该有九个，但是据她所知，伊西斯不在。
tr	O	她那双又大又绿的重启之眼在黑暗中闪耀，并且她扬起眉毛，无声地询问任务进行得怎么样。
tr	I	I wondered how many hot points that would 've scored me if Sydney were here , and the words rolled easily off my tongue .
tr	I	She was traveling the star lanes as soon as she was old enough to jump , and Ms. Navarro was raised in a spacer family .
tr	I	Her heart sped up double time , and she felt the vibrations ring in her ears .
tr	I	Steven wouldn 't let her go but she tried to pull away .
tr	I	I don 't , but I want to run .
tr	I	He was determined to know the truth , but he knew he had hurt her feelings .
tr	I	There still must be a sacrifice -- Serena in exchange for a new generation of Undine , but it was a nice try .
tr	I	She 'd always been someone close to my heart , but she 'd always been a pain in the ass .
tr	I	Harris was sleeping with his new Happy Horse hugged to his chest and it was late .
tr	O	这引得肯一笑，并且他的一些紧张情绪也随之消退了。
tr	I	As if I was planning future dates , but I not only sounded like a Chamber of Commerce ad .
tr	I	Two figures watched the women practice , and it was open .
tr	O	他会为多年前发生的事感到内疚，但是，然后，我想他一直都对此有点内疚。
tr	O	我差点就告诉她关于我的神仙教母的事了，但是我知道她会把那些话反过来攻击我。
tr	O	我朝他嘴巴开了一枪，并且他的头破裂成两片凌乱的半边，沿着他的身体滑了下来。
tr	I	Lena walked into it , and a green pipe appeared .
tr	I	Nothing like this , but he wasn 't sure what he 'd expected .
tr	O	我感觉自己像一个真正的服务员，并且这有点令人兴奋。
tr	O	我的整个身体几乎麻木了，但是那既是因为长时间保持不动，也因为药物的作用。
tr	O	这是一个蹩脚的回答，但是我今天没打算谈论艺术。
tr	I	The lines of gravestones prevented Harry from seeing back towards the gate , and the pile of excavated earth blocked any view further into the cemetery .
tr	O	这个念头进入了她的意识，并且它让她有些担忧。
tr	O	她紧紧抱住我，并且我紧紧抓住她，仿佛我们谁都不会放手。
tr	O	阿瑞斯潜入水中，并且当他浮上来时，他的爪子里抓着湿漉漉的塔莉亚。
tr	I	It 's not your time and that cost is too great .
tr	O	我胸部可能不够丰满，但是我有了一双美腿。
tr	O	他对我笑了笑，并且他的眼睛变得呆滞了。
tr	I	It wasn 't helping that Samuel now rubbed his thumb in circles over the palm of her hand and Vela broke a sweat .
tr	O	辛迪仍然不在，并且随着潘妮开始休假，这将是又一个需要协调安排的一周。
tr	O	她的手臂伸展在她面前，并且她能透过弯曲手指的空隙看到那个身影越来越近。
tr	O	太阳在头顶上明亮地照耀着，并且明亮蓬松的云朵飘过。
tr	O	弗洛伊德确实是个好人，并且她确实为他感到抱歉。
tr	I	She would have hated you even more than she does now , and she would have known you felt sorry for her .
tr	O	她不想伤害他，并且他明白了这一点。
tr	O	他笑了，显然无法克制自己，并且我的脸红了。
tr	I	I start to choke up and it feels so good to hold her .
tr	O	场地有围栏，并且狼群在院子里自由奔跑。
tr	I	This would not be a good time for a possible computer breakdown and CLEO had already shown that she was not immune to digital stress .
tr	I	He remained silent but his breath hitched .
tr	O	她的目光与他的锁定了，并且他给了她那种她正变得过于喜欢的一半笑容。
tr	I	Her arms flopped to her sides with exhaustion and Warmth returned to Echo 's hands .
tr	O	一股寒意掠过她的脊椎，但是这与寒冷无关。
tr	O	他点了点头，并且我继续了。
tr	O	音乐大师递给她一把小提琴，并且她花了一点时间仔细查看。
tr	I	Something entered and the stairway doors at each end of the room opened slowly .
tr	O	你可能会认为两年多以后他们会明白我是认真对待和他们女儿的关系的，但是什么都没变。
tr	O	他工作时间很长，而且常常令人沮丧。
tr	O	现在有其他人需要考虑，而且他必须考虑他们的需求。
tr	I	Then he dropped the truck into first , and the truck 's engine caught with a throaty bellow .
tr	O	疲劳感悄然袭来，而且我对思想的掌控力正在减弱。
tr	O	克里斯托夫回答道，他好奇地打量着我，同时我挣扎着呼吸。
tr	I	I was too afraid that he would know something was wrong , but I wanted to hear his voice , to feel it caress my mind .
tr	O	它有点莫名其妙地出现，但是当它在我脑海中闪现的那一刻，我就知道我必须去做。
tr	I	It tempered her relationships upon the floating vessel , and the fear of discovery was there , however .
tr	O	蓝色完全消失了，只剩下中心的一个小球，而且甚至那个也在消退。
tr	I	I feel power well up from nowhere and the magic within me warms to Grubbs 's .
tr	I	It was the most glorious thing I 'd ever seen and he smiled .
tr	I	A second later he had the belt clutched in both his hands , and the belt dropped within nine inches from Ben 's outstretched arm .
tr	O	特洛伊的下巴绷紧了，但是他没有说话。
tr	I	If we do this , it will stay that way and it 's incomplete .
tr	I	They went on to do whatever they did to relax and all of them called the junior officers to take over .
tr	I	Shifters could be badly hurt in them , but these matches weren 't to the death .
tr	O	附近一声轻响吓了我一跳，并且我转向了声音传来的方向。
tr	I	I can 't bring myself to let go of her hand , but something tells me I should run .
tr	O	她的头向后仰，并且我将她脑后的一些头发拢到手中，握成拳头。
tr	I	He watched her mouth and his sea green eyes darkened .
tr	I	Sophie , that was the black woman 's name , watched little Nicholas while I was at work and I kept my job waiting on tables .
tr	O	卡尔抓住了奎恩的胳膊，并且奎恩做好了挨打的准备。
tr	I	That 's a good thing , because we can reach them , and right now it seems like pet cats are the main carriers .
tr	I	There was no way he could get to him in time to keep it from happening , but Nick recognized the signs of Julian coiling to attack .
tr	O	她的胸部凹陷了，并且她僵立在原地，无法动弹。
tr	I	He knew he must wait , but Nick 's body ached to take her .
tr	O	他不知道她是什么意思，但是她看起来非常心烦，他需要解决。
tr	O	她的目光低垂，盯着被束缚在约束带下的双手，但是我仍然能看到下面的浮肿眼袋。
tr	I	If the virus was strong enough I was susceptible , but my twin brother never got sick .
tr	O	披萨一消失，灯光又被调暗了，并且几对情侣开始回到临时舞池。
tr	I	Vice versa , and losing myself was gaining him .
tr	I	Her mother stuck her head around the doorframe , and there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	It felt good against my face , but it smelled like a boy too .
tr	O	森林当时野生动物繁多，并且旷野占据法国乡村的面积比村庄更多。
tr	O	他笑了，但是她看到了他眼中的失望。
tr	I	My thighs burn in anticipation and he wets his lips with his tongue .
tr	O	她比克洛伊少了一些刻薄，但是他们是同一种人已不是秘密。
tr	I	Now it would kill me , and now the bee had returned .
tr	I	The name of the monastery found therein and he called down a spelled volume containing a history of the region .
tr	I	He found himself being pulled toward her , but he didn 't know what to say .
tr	O	凯莉点了点头，并且玛格丽特继续说。
tr	O	他感到冻僵了，如果他动了他们就会听到他，但是如果他待在原地他就肯定会被抓住。
tr	I	When it 's dead , they move on to the next one and they drain a place to ashes .
tr	I	I gasped , biting into the cookie and the sweet flavor exploded in my mouth .
tr	I	It wasn 't anything I couldn 't handle , but the wind was making the waves slightly rough .
tr	I	He met me on the roof , but I couldn 't get in .
tr	O	他擅长指挥军队，但是仅此而已。
tr	O	我感到胸口有种情绪在压迫，并且这一次我清楚地知道那是什么。
tr	O	布里克一直承诺给她带些黄金来偿还他的债务，但是他却从未兑现。
tr	I	You hardly know the man , but I know you 're married .
tr	I	His voice was urgent and his eyes were bright .
tr	O	你故意不尊重我，并且我不会容忍。
tr	I	At the last minute she held back , but when he shared memories of his father , Adrienne considered telling him what was going on with hers .
tr	I	It could go deeper ... Or I don 't know .
tr	O	她的身体成为他欲望的容器，并且她回应了他的抚摸。
tr	I	As far as she could tell , nothing had changed , but she once estimated it was at least a dozen feet deep .
tr	I	There was enough without that ; but it would be unfair to take seriously the things the man had said immediately before his seizure , no doubt .
tr	O	她考虑说一句临别的话，但是她意识到他正在寻找一个借口当场杀死她。
tr	I	She pulled back , shaking her head and a look of horror crossed her face .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but his Collar sparked , driving pain into his neck .
tr	I	Her head leaned back with a groan , and Myra pushed into his palm .
tr	O	美味的食物被Dec带进了会议，并且我很确定没有人吃它。
tr	I	She was grabbing hold of it with both hands , and their love had been given a second chance .
tr	I	Aidan would have told me or Alexandria did not have such a thing .
tr	I	No one makes 'em the way Louise does , but couple of other craftspeople in Wilby make chimes .
tr	O	他浑身沾满了污垢，以至于很难看清，但是他脸上的伤口似乎已经愈合了。
tr	I	He could get the girls he wanted to and he just talked with them about uncomplicated things .
tr	O	霍尔布鲁克博士希望他们尽快回来，并且葛斯塔夫知道这一点。
tr	I	He groaned as his fingers circled her tiny waistline and her black garters were trimmed at the top with lace .
tr	I	Even that 's too late for him now , but yes , a letter would have been worthwhile .
tr	I	He didn 't kill Stutz , but I know Smith killed Janelle .
tr	O	这些记忆……仅仅是记忆……但是它们是如今仅剩的全部。
tr	I	Maybe I had just been hiding from the fact I was nursing a broken heart , but I 'd been comfortable with that .
tr	O	他的目光没有消退，但是他报以一个虚弱的微笑。
tr	O	大多数都没有达到那个高度，并且极少数能以弧线越过屋顶。
tr	I	Dining areas crammed on top of one another , and her apartment was small , with the kitchen , living .
tr	I	It was almost impossible but turning away from the mirror , she pretended to ignore him .
tr	O	她身上有某种邪恶，并且Hiro不由自主地意识到他对发生的一切一无所知。
tr	I	They weren 't cruel , but his family was loud .
tr	O	Micah也看到了，并且愤怒爬上了他的脸庞。
tr	O	她的目光在我身后转移，并且在她转身面向班级前面之前，她的表情变得严峻。
tr	I	Each child was given a wristband to identify them , and several babysitters were there to care for the children .
tr	O	Corrado 对艺术一无所知，但是即使他也认得出画作《呐喊》。
tr	O	他知道如何歪曲真相，但是这一次他希望自己能有所超越。
tr	I	I was completely dry within a second and he walked up to me , muttered a few words beneath his breath .
tr	O	我确信Ragsdale夫人尽力把事情处理得井井有条，但是她是一位年事已高的老人。
tr	O	Ken点了点头，并且Tom继续说。
tr	O	他问了，并且我不得不承认我感觉好多了。
tr	I	The intermittent bleep notified him that a message was waiting , and a single red light blinked on its silver fascia .
tr	I	Chase has no way of knowing that , but I don 't like to be cornered .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to waste any room because he was saving it all up for pumpkin pie , but she 'd offered him a snack .
tr	O	冰晶融化成了地板上的水坑，并且信封的一个角因此湿透了。
tr	I	Another she exercised in and Kara had one pair of shoes she ran in .
tr	I	There was no way I 'd miss Christmas , and I couldn 't afford to make the trip back twice .
tr	O	公园里空无一人，并且我们仍然没有被感染。
tr	O	他为海军罪案调查处工作，然而不该发现的人却找到了安全屋。
tr	O	每页都填满了同样流畅的草书，并且她让目光掠过那些陌生的词句。
tr	O	我的窗户被风吹开了，并且那个人进来了。
tr	O	克拉丽斯一心想要得到他，并且没有什么能阻止她。
tr	I	It was only a matter of time before the cops found all the evidence they needed to charge him , and Ethan had been caught .
tr	I	Lady Randa bristled , and Basalt always seemed to make his use of the honorific sound like an insult .
tr	I	He was hardly convinced that the chief of police felt any need to gather the troops , but Dylan wanted to comfort her where he could .
tr	O	在阴沉的天色下努力很困难，但是雨似乎正在减弱。
tr	O	他停顿了一下，并且他们之间的沉默变得沉重起来。
tr	O	他以前从未信任过任何人，足以告诉他们他那无魂的状态，但是他现在不得不这样做了。
tr	O	客户端测试已通过，没有报告任何重大缺陷，并且应用程序已投入生产。
tr	I	He realized that it was time for him to go again and much to my dismay , Marshall 's internal clock went off .
tr	O	外面很热，但是对她父亲的恐惧让她感到彻骨寒冷。
tr	O	他回报以一个眨眼，并且女孩们边走边咯咯地笑着。
tr	I	It was locked but on a hunch they rushed over to the suite next to them .
tr	O	她从来不是最好的说谎者，但是这一次却轻松地从她口中说出。
tr	O	他还在做梦，并且梦境变得越来越强烈。
tr	I	Her hand immediately flies to her mouth and MacKenzie flips the little black box open .
tr	I	I wondered if Nix was processing the real reason I was keeping him out and there were several beats of silence .
tr	I	The words drew my eyes directly to his , but he said it casually enough .
tr	O	他的母亲从门廊上盯着他们，但是他也没有看她。
tr	O	我必须把他们带离这里，但是我不希望是永远。
tr	O	他的表情依然难以捉摸，但是她看出她的话让他很不安。
tr	I	There was no reply , but I listened .
tr	O	特拉维斯用手机照亮了道路，并且我跟着他走过了一系列走廊。
tr	O	三只狗在房子后面叫着，但是因为它们没有向前冲，所以警察正确地认为它们被拴住了。
tr	O	他的嘴唇在我的脖子上，品尝着我，吞噬着我，并且我强迫自己冷静思考。
tr	O	我的声音很轻，并且我的肩膀终于放松了。
tr	I	He answers to ' Doc ' , but his name is Mark Perkins , by the way !
tr	O	大楼的一半已经从另一半撕裂开来，并且这使得大楼轻微地向一侧倾斜倒塌。
tr	O	梅根试图将他从她父亲身上拉开，但是迪恩推得更用力，将克莱按在了墙上。
tr	O	他假装微笑，并且我讨厌他当着我的面假装。
tr	I	She realized he had fallen to his knees by the side of her bed , and there was a thump .
tr	O	他咔哒一声锁上了奥迪车，并且我们上车了。
tr	I	Most robots felt it beneath their dignity to admit to it but it wouldn 't be the first robot to have feelings .
tr	O	阿兰跳到哈丁的双座车后座上，并且他们在那个女人来得及兑现她报警的威胁之前就咆哮着开走了。
tr	O	然后一只鸟在他耳边轻柔地鸣叫，并且他挺直了脊背，认出了那是铃声。
tr	O	他在这里，并且我是安全的。
tr	I	She blew them out of her vision with a sharp breath , and right now a few strands of hair chopped in front of her gaze .
tr	I	The sleeve ripped from my shirt just as the hound 's jaws snapped shut and I twisted away .
tr	O	当埃莉诺进入大厅时，大厅里挤满了男人，并且他们所有人似乎都在同时说话。
tr	O	马库斯可能想碰艾什，但是他担心艾什可能不想。
tr	I	She fell to her knees and her legs gave out .
tr	I	It also lacked the ego , but this place lacked the gravitas .
tr	O	男孩们的脸亮了起来，并且整个团队开始摘下他们的头盔。
tr	I	He had seen no evidence to the contrary , that he was the last true patriot , and Jack believed .
tr	I	Again , the effort to keep myself composed had robbed me of all social graces , but my tone was colder than I 'd intended .
tr	O	他能感觉到她的能量水平非常低，但是她没有接近她上次的状态。
tr	I	Just as he were about to pull the trigger , I woke up and I was standing in front of him with a gun in my face .
tr	I	It was too late , but it wasn 't too long before the village locals began to resent the control that Tom had acquired .
tr	O	婚礼进行曲开始了，并且我的胃在颤动。
tr	I	I felt him stiffen instantly at my words , but I hadn 't meant to ruin the moment .
tr	I	Again the sword slowed somewhat at the end , but he skimmed over the ground at a speed that should have led to death by road rash .
tr	O	没过多久，门就开了，并且一个高大的蒙面男子匆匆招手让他们进去。
tr	O	他的评估很强烈，并且这让她很不安，使她的血液在耳边搏动。
tr	I	My mom was okay with it , but other girls couldn 't go out that young .
tr	I	In this case I agreed with Margaret but I hated keeping secrets from our mother .
tr	O	他的衣服散落在卧室地板上，并且他的窗帘只拉了一半。
tr	I	She 'd let him and Jackson had done this .
tr	O	她可以随时寻求它，并且她现在就想要但丁。
tr	O	本告诉我他在法庭上可以多么傲慢，并且他在警局也一样。
tr	I	You 're finally getting the hang of it and you 've been at it for a while .
tr	I	I was about to tell him more about Skylar when the doorbell rang and Leo shook his head in wonderment .
tr	O	他们这样生活，并且我们租房子给他们。
tr	O	接着一扇门开了，并且两个德国人走了出来。
tr	I	She settled in to be bored out of her mind , and the orchestra started up .
tr	I	I turn to find Vicki , that slutty chick from the burger joint , and someone taps my shoulder .
tr	I	Twilight deepened toward night , and Afternoon dwindled to twilight .
tr	I	I actually had the asking price but of course I 'd be broke soon after the purchase -- taxes , electricity , etc. -- .
tr	O	吉迪恩对她咧嘴笑了，并且她摇了摇尾巴。
tr	I	Now she was dead because I couldn 't keep my mouth shut , and I was still the one who 'd set the ball in motion .
tr	O	我的意思是，如果周围有其他人，但是你是唯一能看到东西的人。
tr	O	已经发生的就发生了，并且现在我正在纠正事情。
tr	O	她似乎被两个男人抓着，并且她的头向前垂在胸前。
tr	I	They were on a date , but Rick didn 't know it .
tr	I	Those who were left were not keen to serve their lord 's enemy , but not only had those who followed the Duke now run .
tr	O	水珠在他的阴茎顶端闪光，并且她口水直流。
tr	I	The new leadership soon discovered that the dark , abandoned city held no allure of profit , but eventually , clear winners were decided .
tr	I	Then she knew , and she glanced round the room again .
tr	I	He was stopped from doing that , but Alonso was about to argue with Lea .
tr	I	His eyes widened and the driver looked right at me .
tr	I	Now it was like he walked around with a huge weight on his shoulders , but he was always a worrier .
tr	I	I wonder how long he 'll feel the need to do that , and I know that he holds back for me .
tr	I	If there was another way out , it remained elusive , but she spent the rest of the day looking for an exit .
tr	O	我是一个小贵族的第三个儿子，所以生来就注定要走某条特定的道路。
tr	O	门滑开了，并且一个男人走了出来。
tr	I	They wanted to see her as soon as possible but she had offered to take a cab home .
tr	I	She could feel their definition as they circled her , and they fit well around her waist .
tr	I	Baxter 's dad leaned forward , bringing his recliner to a sitting position and as Noah entered the room , the TV went silent .
tr	I	I will allow none of you to fall , and we teeter on the edge of banishment .
tr	I	I would not push you again and you are not ready .
tr	O	她对他竖起了中指，并且他又笑了一声。
tr	I	It 's like I 'm hitting a brick wall but I strain my mind to hear what he 's thinking .
tr	O	他以前从未被美貌所动摇，并且他现在也不会开始失去冷静。
tr	O	斯宾塞把手放在梅丽莎的手上，并且她的姐姐把她拉进一个拥抱。
tr	I	Her magic was too strong for him , but he tried to pry Aunt Wisdom 's hand off his wrist with his fingers like an angry toddler .
tr	I	Killing her seems a little over the top to me , but now Phelps had a reason to be angry with her .
tr	O	琼看不见这个，但是她能感觉到他脑子里齿轮在转动。
tr	I	I had never opened it , but there was a door there .
tr	I	He held on as she brought him to climax and Dare 's hand came up to tangle in her hair .
tr	O	安吉闭上了眼睛，但是这没有帮助。
tr	O	蓝宝石般的眼睛闪烁着，并且凯西突然意识到她声音中的尖锐一定是嫉妒。
tr	O	他被放了下来，并且那些手离开了。
tr	O	教你如何适应新生活是他的责任，但是他说你不想见他。
tr	O	我必须竭尽全力抵挡他们，并且我的声音变得颤抖而尖锐。
tr	O	阿多尼斯双眼圆睁，并且他眨了几次眼。
tr	I	I panted against his mouth , dazed , and Jackson broke the kiss a moment later .
tr	O	她的胃翻江倒海，并且她确实感到有点晕眩。
tr	O	他倾身越过桌子，特工克兰福德和我站起来时。
tr	O	简单地吸干一个人的血会更快、更容易，但是这样做就意味着那个凡人会死。
tr	O	嗯，我不太擅长玩弄语言，但是我可以开门见山地告诉你。
tr	I	I decided that the psychiatrist had been wrong about my being manic-depressive and my periods of depression had stopped .
tr	O	我们会回答你的问题，并且布莱克会开车送你回家。
tr	O	我们会保留珠宝，但是你们在我们办完事后可以拿回手机。
tr	O	这是一个不同的地方，并且它有不同的精神。
tr	I	He was a long way from that particular goal , but he also wanted entry into her body again .
tr	O	她用手指穿过他的头发，并且他能感觉到她的呼吸在他的脖子上。
tr	I	The two of them struck up a conversation and Woods was trying to hustle up some work .
tr	I	I kissed the edge of his jaw and he looked at me for a long moment .
tr	I	An excited buzz rippled through it , and the throng stirred at his announcement .
tr	I	The linoleum was clean and all the walls were freshly painted .
tr	I	Mrs. White recruited bullies from our school who tailed us to the library , but we had the Stargazer .
tr	O	她自己一个人也许可以，但是有凯尔在，她肯定会被拖入七种不同的地狱。
tr	O	那个女人想说什么，但是我却不停地说。
tr	O	她俯下身，并且他舔了她的手，在她抚摸他皮毛时。
tr	O	我希望我能再次环顾房间，但是我无法将目光从基兰的眼睛上移开。
tr	I	This gem came from the final season but yes the last few years of the show were dreadful .
tr	I	Becoming a father to her was different , but I knew he loved Maddie .
tr	O	他们各自倒了一杯新咖啡，并且讨论继续进行。
tr	O	它照进我的眼睛，并且我不得不眯起眼睛来对抗它，把脸转开。
tr	O	他又笑了，并且当他的笑容照亮他的脸时，连我也不得不承认他长得相当英俊。
tr	I	I suddenly felt ravenous , but maybe it was the baby talking .
tr	O	他在很年轻的时候中风了，但是这并没有杀死他。
tr	O	他们盯上我了，而且我认为这次我摆脱不了他们了。
tr	O	我想咧嘴笑，但是我压制住了冲动。
tr	O	我会提供柠檬水和一些点心。
tr	I	She wanted to see him there , but perhaps it was wanton of her .
tr	I	Anyone bitten by an infectious mosquito would be inoculated with a larva , and it was biological warfare .
tr	O	她可能会以不同的方式处理，但是她知道你的感受。
tr	I	She slipped into bed on the empty side , at my back , and I was lying on my side , stripped down to my boxers .
tr	O	梅纳德正靠在他的椅子上，并且四分之三的披萨已经没了。
tr	O	我很感谢那个取笑比尔·波莫罗伊的小玩笑，但是我禁止自己去想我们迫在眉睫的舞台灾难。
tr	I	Tavi spat an oath , and the chimes sounded nine times .
tr	O	他们走到后面一个架子旁，并且罗克珊从上面扯下了一块布。
tr	I	Once they made it onto the highway , the road was clear , but the traffic was stop-and-go all the way through town .
tr	O	我深吸了一口气，因为我很久没有女人在身边了，并且这正是我所需要的。
tr	O	我用手肘撞向他的手腕，并且他发出了一声痛苦的呻吟。
tr	O	黑暗的小巷被雾蒙蒙的窗户透出的霓虹光芒取代，并且凯特立刻就知道他们身在何处。
tr	O	我本无意打盹，并且下午悄悄地降临在我身上。
tr	I	Something 's different , and his eyes come back to mine .
tr	O	她从未听说过一见钟情，但是帕特里克真是个帅哥。
tr	I	He was sure they could hear him , but he didn 't know where they were .
tr	O	它是安迪和我如此合拍的原因之一。
tr	I	Jacqueline was mature enough not to dwell on such unpleasantness , but the pain of Reese 's betrayal cut deep .
tr	I	It stings , reminding of the fiscal disparity between our families now , but she says this in jest .
tr	I	I didn 't plan on saying all this beforehand , but I suppose it might have come out eventually .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have to do it at all and perhaps something amazing would happen .
tr	O	能见度缩小到只有几米，但是风并没有特别猛烈。
tr	O	她的心怦怦直跳，并且她确信她的脸涨红了。
tr	O	他的话本意是想支持她，但是她却羞愧地退缩了。
tr	I	Ryan winked at her , and Claire frowned .
tr	I	I still got the gist , but I couldn 't process them .
tr	O	他想发表一次演讲，但是他想慢慢地进行。
tr	O	她为他找到的养老院非常好，但是作为独生子女，她承担了支付费用的责任。
tr	O	我不敢从盘子里抬起头，并且餐桌上弥漫着明显的紧张气氛。
tr	I	I circle each other and Damien steps back as Zeke .
tr	O	她身后传来一声裂响，并且她转过身。
tr	I	She zigzagged , and arrows whizzed past .
tr	O	斯文把我翻了过来，并且他对我咆哮着。
tr	O	我们相隔数百年，但是我们的血脉相同。
tr	O	我不知道他是怎么找到我的位置的，但是他找到了我。
tr	I	The stubble made a slight grating sound and he scratched at his chin .
tr	I	His hair hung limply down over his face and Sweat stained the back of his jerkin lightly .
tr	I	He says there 's too much left to learn here , but Really should be in the rodeo .
tr	O	一共有13个峡谷，但是我们只能通过其中大约五个，就必须折返。
tr	I	He didn 't , but at any moment , he could have broken the kiss off .
tr	O	里面传出一声喊叫，并且我扬起了眉毛。
tr	O	不仅仅是性爱或你的离去最让我心痛。
tr	O	她整理了一下衬衫，并且伊莱贪婪地缠了上来。
tr	I	That was something different , but I knew he loved me .
tr	O	我低头看着那个女孩，并且我的指尖开始发麻，就好像是我自己招来的一样。
tr	O	在我走出五步之前，我被转了个身，并且阿舍的嘴唇就贴了上来。
tr	I	He remained silent , and the truth hurt .
tr	I	I faltered , and said Henry .
tr	I	You 're not my visitor , and I 'm not a guy .
tr	O	我的腿很痛，并且我很饿。
tr	O	弓箭手射出了箭，并且它们命中了目标。
tr	I	Her own face centered in the deep black of his pupils , and his face was so close she could see the sun dusky on his lashes .
tr	O	特伦特喊道，并且一群欧米伽涌入人群。
tr	I	The feelings were the same , but sure , Phaedra was lusting after her stepson , not her professor .
tr	O	她害怕杜兰特的反应，但是至少她终于能松口气了，因为它已经说出来了。
tr	O	他们都穿着遮住头部的长袍，但是阿纳金能感觉到他们的恐慌感每时每刻都在加剧。
tr	O	她的话听起来好得不像是真的，并且他不用问第二遍。
tr	I	I moved around the bar to sit with Mulberry , and the detective 's drinking partner left .
tr	I	Now she feared it was far more , but she 'd had it ever since she 'd been in the Carpathian Mountains .
tr	I	She would feel obligated to tell my father , but my mother would be more understanding .
tr	O	我的视线模糊了，并且我感到一股又热又湿的暖流顺着我的脖子往下渗。
tr	O	他按下一个按钮，并且它被水注满了一半。
tr	I	More about the extra income they received from having him around , and he had been fostered by a family that cared very little about his well-being .
tr	I	I stumbled to the pavement and suddenly my knees turned to jelly .
tr	I	I also don 't trust the person on the other line , but I want to respond that I already know .
tr	I	She realized his scalp was also burned and he flinched at her touch .
tr	I	Ali was convinced she 'd cheated , but Spencer kept insisting she was winning .
tr	I	It took a long time for me to get her down , and the baby fussed .
tr	I	He turned his head to follow Brian 's gaze , but the other deputy stood with his back to the hallway .
tr	I	I doubted that a lie , even one spoken with the best of intentions , could be a good thing , but I understood the reasoning .
tr	I	All humor had disappeared from his face , but my first reaction was that this was some sort of joke of his .
tr	I	You 'd never catch them , but I 'm sure it 's done by other partners .
tr	I	That shouldn 't be a problem , but the guards would still change over at seven .
tr	I	I don 't want to frighten her and the city of Chicago has an extremely high murder rate .
tr	O	在那之后我试图融入，但是我无法忍受那些怜悯的目光。
tr	O	这片海带从其DNA中携带的人类记忆中了解奴役，并且它知道自己被电流控制所奴役。
tr	O	我在床上翻了个身以便更舒服，并且几分钟内我就感到自己要睡着了。
tr	O	他们已经顺道去了伊森家，但是那里的门卫发誓说伊森不在楼里。
tr	O	歌利亚转过身，并且乔伊上前一记高踢正好踢到他的下巴。
tr	O	我一直觉得我能掌控自己的命运，但是我当时意识到我真的无法掌控自己的未来。
tr	I	I owe everything in my life to her , and she cared for me after my mother died .
tr	I	We made it worth his while , and we needed him for his experience .
tr	I	I notice that the word in the book is capitalized , but the translation put no significance on the word when it spit it back out .
tr	I	The bird , Zoltan , had put his head under his wing and the fire was down to a spark .
tr	I	She gasped for air and hands clamped down over her windpipe .
tr	O	我们的武器不见了，但是我们的背包完好无损。
tr	O	所有的船员都是如此，并且新兵们反应也不慢。
tr	O	她的黑发盘成发髻在头顶，并且看起来很漂亮。
tr	O	甘看到他父亲短暂地僵了一下，但是他的回答很克制。
tr	I	They went up with a loud whoosh and he tossed the match at the feet of the stunned zombies .
tr	O	它们是黄色的，带着小小的把手，并且我的那个沿着边缘有个缺口。
tr	O	加文变得不耐烦了，但是林克斯把一只稳住的手放在他的肩上。
tr	I	His hand was cold but his grip was tight .
tr	I	He wouldn 't say why , and he was nervous , edgy .
tr	O	神经在她体内颤动，并且艾丽卡知道，现在她不可能在不知道发生什么事的情况下度过一整天了。
tr	O	一批新的生力军尚未到来，并且比赛才进行到一半。
tr	I	Duke , who is leaning against a tree , catches it , and a drink floats through the air .
tr	I	My first Little League coach made sure I knew that baseball wasn 't about being perfect , but some guys beat themselves up for that .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but for a moment , I considered giving him to this stranger , this vampire .
tr	I	The combined room was now the study hall , and the wall separating the two rooms had been knocked down .
tr	O	奥特姆看着裘德，好像他脑子有问题，但是她把注意力转向了那张可爱的毛茸茸的脸。
tr	O	他停顿了一下，并且萨姆知道接下来会是什么，正是他的班长自去年夏天以来一直在告诉他们的事情。
tr	I	It was too scary to have people know , but her friend would probably be ecstatic for her .
tr	O	我们走了进去，调整我们的眼睛适应旋转的彩色迪斯科灯光，并且他们就在那里。
tr	I	Her body started to shake with silent laugher and she knew exactly to what he was referring .
tr	O	他尽量不公开地看格温，但是很难把目光从她身上移开。
tr	O	他们现在已经杀了两只猫，并且约书亚无意停止。
tr	O	那是配有描述设备图片的轻松读物，并且凯文穿好衣服时她就读完了。
tr	I	I started up the engine and David asked as he closed my car door .
tr	O	他叹了口气，并且我知道他会放弃。
tr	I	Then I headed across the cafeteria to take my usual seat next to Hugo , and I let them fill my tray .
tr	O	她走得很快，但是他跟上却毫不费力。
tr	O	我给了她一个清单，并且她点了点头然后迅速消失了。
tr	O	它直径约十英尺，并且它至少有两英尺厚。
tr	I	It barely even slowed the creature 's forward progress , but it was probably a fatal wound .
tr	O	阴影跟随着它，并且安妮依然更深地俯身在栏杆上，头向下，双脚开始从地板上滑落。
tr	I	I would do it again , and I killed to protect my family .
tr	O	我看不清楚，但是我很确信我会看到他走进干草棚。
tr	O	他把它递给我，但是我不能碰它。
tr	I	I couldn 't do it , but I thought about calling Jaden .
tr	I	He snatched up his rifle and Golden 's head shot up .
tr	O	他并不嫉妒这些人的生活，但是他希望自己仍然是他们中的一员。
tr	O	最顶级的名流都会在那里，但是乐队的其他成员没有被邀请。
tr	I	The descriptions there were somewhat limited , and all she knew of heaven was in the pages of her Bible .
tr	I	He 'd be left with nothing and some moderately competent attorney would swoop in with a suitable representative .
tr	O	莉兹张着嘴，并且她把布雷迪的衬衫往下拉了拉，为了保持体面。
tr	O	追梦人忍不住欣赏地盯着她男人的肌肉，并且马龙注意到她脸上的表情时咧嘴笑了。
tr	I	She was definitely a woman worthy of such devotion and love wasn 't a large jump , from there .
tr	O	男人们在我经过时抬起头，但是大多数人已经习惯了我。
tr	O	他吞咽时喉结上下滚动，并且他用犀利的目光把我钉住。
tr	I	It flowed down into the ground once more and she then slowly drifted back into the mist .
tr	O	我从未想过将我母亲从那个鬼地方救出来会有太高的代价，并且我现在不确定了。
tr	I	She suddenly turned to him in all seriousness , and he 'd continued holding Kayla in his arms .
tr	O	当他们转过一个街角时，微弱的光线又出现了，但是那不是来自老人的蜡烛。
tr	I	I heard footsteps walking away and she set the phone down .
tr	I	They were stopped by the return of Sharon Heller 's hands on Julie 's arms , but morals guided her body to Ethan 's .
tr	I	You can achieve great things and it doesn 't cost anything .
tr	I	He shook his head with a smile , and Gus 's face softened .
tr	I	It was hard to maneuver and her dress was so full .
tr	I	He bowed his head once more , and a bitter , empty smile ghosted over his features .
tr	O	她很快，但是他更快。
tr	I	She 'd already experienced a singular goal , but not that Emma really foresaw a time all her family would live in the valley .
tr	O	男孩们想试试手气赌博，并且女孩们想看看自从上次来访以来拉斯维加斯大道发生的变化。
tr	O	我对她翻了个白眼，但是她看不到，因为我背对着她。
tr	I	An unread message sat in my inbox , but the staff knew better than to send actual work to this terminal .
tr	O	那是一个有点突兀的词，并且我不知道我为什么要说它。
tr	O	他的话语几乎带有物理上的冲击力，并且她立刻感到双手开始颤抖。
tr	O	我听到他自己的喘息声，并且他僵住了。
tr	I	Honestly , he 'd seemed like half a person after that , and I 'd only ever seen one person who had come back .
tr	I	Flirtatious smiles from the queen , and the show of debauchery received boisterous laughter from the families .
tr	O	我的头继续像糟糕的低音线一样搏动，但是如果诺亚想解决，我们会做的。
tr	O	我发射的子弹径直射入我父亲的胸膛，并且他重重地仰面倒下。
tr	I	I felt myself losing balance and he raised his foot higher .
tr	I	Then his eyes met Hywel 's , but Gwen thought he was going to dig in his heels when his shoulders tensed .
tr	I	He wasted no time in plundering my mouth with his and Jackson supported me with his hands splayed against my back .
tr	I	My belly warms and my face heats up .
tr	O	我感到我的眼睛对着这次采访注定会充满的冗余和愚蠢翻白眼。
tr	I	He was naked from the waist up , and his face was a red-brown mask from the dust the horses had kicked up .
tr	O	可以肯定有茶，质量平平，但是艾莉克西亚的注意力被提供的食物吸引了。
tr	I	You can deal with it and you know what it is .
tr	I	I was willing to try my best but it was a long shot .
tr	I	He had no idea where she might be and she had run off to Ireland .
tr	I	I spit out the last words , and he opened his mouth to argue .
tr	I	He never made it , but the vamp spun away , rushing for the closest SUV .
tr	O	弗朗西斯卡透过敞开的门看到了部分床铺，但是她并没有公寓目前有人住的印象。
tr	O	他当时还是在听着，并且在想汤米是否会追踪亨特夫人离开诺尔斯家时开的那辆红色汽车。
tr	O	离上课还有点早，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	女孩列出了几个选择，并且杰基选了一个，并不真正在意那是什么。
tr	I	One of their cell phones rang , but they probably could have talked all day long .
tr	I	I stand by my decision , but I may take heat for it .
tr	O	我明天总可以再否认，但是此刻，瑞斯·史崔克是我世上唯一想要的东西。
tr	O	我们离一场屠杀只有片刻之遥，但是收音机另一端的人让我们活了下来。
tr	I	I wondered if any of the passers-by could see him , and he returned to my side .
tr	O	她看到我的血，这似乎是一种亲密的经历，并且这让我感到害怕。
tr	O	他搬来一张凳子给她坐，并且她不情愿地接受了。
tr	I	I swore that he stared straight into my eyes for a brief moment and he looked over in the direction that I was sitting .
tr	O	我带路，特雷、波莉、迈克尔以及八号房的其他人跟在后面。
tr	I	The glow from his eyes made it clear he had just smoked a bomber and he glanced up at me .
tr	O	她听不清说了什么，但是她能分辨出方向。
tr	I	I knew it and he was lonely .
tr	I	He was drinking a beer , and she was drinking a juice box of lemonade .
tr	O	即使在她背叛他之后，他仍然想要她，并且这种认知像海水洒在新伤口上一样灼痛。
tr	O	路易莎不是个娇小的女人，并且她抱得我太紧了。
tr	I	I shivered when his fingers brushed my neck , and he touched one with his finger .
tr	O	她想再要一个孩子，但是如果弗朗茨继续那样下去，那件事发生的可能性会微乎其微。
tr	O	右腿支架所剩无几，并且人行道上的碎片没给他带来多少希望。
tr	I	All she could think about was Rover lost in the storm , but at any other time his words would have struck her as tremendously revealing .
tr	O	她把空着的手放在珠宝柜台上撑住自己，但是她巨大的悲痛却太过沉重。
tr	O	那些记忆并不容易面对，但是它们却是现实为她准备的一切。
tr	O	艾比仍然心存疑虑，但是她还是跟着丈夫穿过厨房。
tr	O	想到这个似乎很愚蠢，但是它却阻止她问出她关于约翰尼的无数问题。
tr	O	凯利试图转头，但是尼克用鼻子蹭了蹭他的脸颊，不让他现在就动。
tr	I	He 'd even cleaned up the kitchen after he ate , and I 'd broiled a steak for Lok before going to get dressed .
tr	O	它想径直冲向天空，但是马格努斯却紧紧抓住。
tr	O	艾达的手指收紧，扼住了她的呼吸，并且克莱尔疯狂地将手掌捶在右边的下一个键位上。
tr	I	She was thirty-three years old , and her name was Christine .
tr	O	他察觉到她的存在，感觉到她美丽的蓝眼睛注视着他，并且他知道她仍然站在门边，目睹着这个吻。
tr	O	她没料到她会一次就成功，但是显然另一个女孩做到了。
tr	O	凯撒停止了移动，并且他的脸变得茫然。
tr	O	他们三个人通过玛丽安紧密地融合在一起，但是他确信她对自己所做之事毫不知情。
tr	O	格兰特家族可能拥有媒体的很大一部分，但是似乎即使是他们也无法阻止负面报道。
tr	I	His voice got loud enough that they could make out his words , and his arms went from restraining to comforting .
tr	I	I refrained this time , but I wanted to stick my tongue out at him again .
tr	I	She nodded , and I managed .
tr	O	海莉拒绝了付款，并且他们又拥抱了。
tr	I	It seemed to make their famous friend feel better , but Dak didn 't know if that was the most honest answer ever .
tr	O	今天早上，我去了他家，并且已经没有人了。
tr	O	赛琳娜倒吸一口气，并且在她明白她的意图之前，她一巴掌打在他的下巴上。
tr	O	我转过身去，并且我母亲一言不发地匆匆走向她的车。
tr	I	The dance was beginning , and six circles had formed .
tr	I	It was enough , but the road was wet with a thin sheen of water gathered from the clinging mist .
tr	I	His own could not be stopped , but he tried to hold back to give her more pleasure .
tr	I	He was failing , but Ted was trying to put the puzzle pieces together .
tr	I	I feel the tightening of my muscles as Rusty pushes two fingers inside me and the blood is rushing to my head , making it swim lightly .
tr	O	麦克斯很生气，并且我感到内疚。
tr	I	Before I can try to assimilate what he 's doing , he 's inside their system , but he keys with unbelievable speed .
tr	I	It was hungry , and his smile returned .
tr	O	她想问他在想什么，但是然后她觉得她可能不想知道。
tr	O	我们没有迟到，但是特威利格女士正在她的门廊上等着我们。
tr	O	梅格本能地知道他们有危险，并且她紧紧地握住了匕首的刀柄。
tr	O	一只手臂挽住了我的胳膊，并且我抬头迎上丽莎调侃的目光。
tr	O	随着人们的扑打，码头上的火势渐渐减弱，但是燃烧的船只却照亮了夜空。
tr	I	I couldn 't tell him that but I didn 't think this was a good idea .
tr	I	When it didn 't explode , he hesitantly picked it up and Rick cautiously touched one of the items on the bottom square .
tr	O	它为保护主人而死，并且我一想到就觉得恶心。
tr	O	我在早餐时有一个小时的时间，并且他们俩都找了些烂借口来避开我度过周末剩下的时间。
tr	I	Even Grays must gossip , and you have ears .
tr	I	The next he was wide awake in his small bedroom , and one moment Jake was in a deep sleep .
tr	I	They stopped and they slowed .
tr	O	一时间我不知道接下来该说什么，但是然后我振作了起来。
tr	I	He 'd live with it , and I 'd made my decision .
tr	I	You cannot see beyond the threat to me , but this should be our decision together .
tr	I	They couldn 't say , and I asked them why .
tr	I	He didn 't show any signs of slowing down , but his shirt was torn along the midsection , exposing a row of taut abs .
tr	O	我们吵吵嚷嚷地穿过街道，但是我们在将近十分钟后停了下来。
tr	O	我答应你我不会这样做，并且我不会。
tr	O	我想他当时是想抓住我的腰，但是他的手落在了我的臀部。
tr	I	He still hadn 't mentioned anything about the hotel , but I now knew that he wasn 't quite human .
tr	O	梅里尔作为吸血鬼之王以前就很强大，但是在他获得格里芬的血液后，他已经成为传奇。
tr	O	他努力想笑，但是他无法完全做到。
tr	O	空气变冷了，并且 Celaena 搓了搓她的手臂。
tr	O	看一眼他的脸，并且她全身都凉了。
tr	I	He could leave and once they dismissed him , he 'd be handed a piece of white paper .
tr	I	He spoke slowly but he was livid .
tr	I	We walked to the pool , and Evan took my hand again .
tr	O	他退了回去，并且血管消失了。
tr	O	今天发生的事情令人振奋，并且我想要更多那样的日子。
tr	I	I would be damned if Woods knew about it but the heat had gotten to me .
tr	O	她将手指穿过他的头发，并且当她抬起他的头时他们的目光相撞了。
tr	O	他们已经很久没见了，并且她离开的原因是他对吸血鬼的仇恨。
tr	I	I 'm definitely glad of it but I don 't even know where I 'm pulling the energy from it .
tr	I	The waves gently lap against the tan sanded shore and I stare for a moment as the glittering water sparkles .
tr	O	我在所有交给我的任务中都表现出色，但是我从不让成功使我变得懒惰。
tr	I	Cheyenne couldn 't bring herself to care , but they were nearly shouting .
tr	O	他办公室的灯还亮着，但是 Jack 似乎已经设法逃出了大楼。
tr	I	I made sure to use that skill , and I had long since learned how to cry on cue .
tr	I	She 'd had more than they could ever have imagined and her parents had wanted her to have valuable life experiences .
tr	O	总统手下的核心人员都老了，并且有些已经去世了。
tr	O	她的声音听起来很沮丧，而且我试图安抚她。
tr	I	I felt it would work so much better , but I didn 't really need to for what I planned on doing .
tr	I	Dorian gave me an expectant look , and the poor man yelped at the close call .
tr	O	前方有光，并且我们朝它走去。
tr	O	南达科他州大部分是草原，但是黑山完全是另一番景象。
tr	I	It looks like it 's going to happen sooner rather than later but I had planned on talking to her about everything tonight .
tr	I	I wouldn 't spend an hour staring at them , but I 've seen a few good looking people today .
tr	I	She seemed to take pride in the possession , but not that the name meant anything to him .
tr	I	Then vanished again and he hovered above the courtyard of the castle , allowing his passengers to dismount .
tr	I	Nick didn 't like taking any chances , but she hadn 't seemed the hysterical type .
tr	I	The rest decided to trade the loyalties determining their own fate and Lilith had taken out the majority .
tr	I	I had a feeling that Dad was going to be on her list for a while and mom 's mouth tightened .
tr	O	好像是接到指令一样，蓝牙在我耳边嗡嗡作响，并且我按下了太阳穴旁边的按钮接听。
tr	I	His nostrils flared and his nose widened .
tr	I	He was going to make love to her , and she was with Adrien , in his South African home .
tr	O	我们会阻止他所有的计划，而且我们会把白回来。
tr	I	She had the feeling that he didn 't believe her for a second , but he smiled softly .
tr	O	她心里对这一切都了如指掌，而且我正在从中了解很多。
tr	O	我快要哭了，而且我不能让他看到。
tr	I	I took the opposite breast in my mouth , and my kiss traveled the valley of her chest .
tr	O	我能感觉到他想要我的方式，并且一丝焦虑从我的脊柱开始。
tr	I	Then her heart fell , and Alex 's eyes dropped .
tr	I	Here he was adding to it , and Painter had said he didn 't want drama .
tr	O	他的脸发白，并且他的眼睛鼓了出来。
tr	I	Things had wound down and everyone was already paired off .
tr	I	She 'd been drawn to it from the moment she arrived here , but she shared a connection with that room , unsure why , exactly .
tr	O	我与她的目光相遇，并且她的眼睛炽热。
tr	O	当他下班回家时，她就在他的家里，并且他甚至没有想念往常的寂静。
tr	I	He held out my chair without comment , but his lips twitched .
tr	I	Suddenly Magnus 's hand was on her shoulder , a grip like iron holding her back , but she didn 't even remember starting to run .
tr	I	He could read it on my face , but The question that I didn 't want to answer .
tr	I	That made them less valuable , and normal men feared the mists .
tr	I	There was a chance that something might happen between them , and he was here , in the same room as herself .
tr	I	No one was going to settle until they got justice , and Kelly had started a rollercoaster ride .
tr	O	她不眨眼，并且她的脸上没有一丝坏笑。
tr	I	Seeing this he became wracked with indecision and she mouthed ' no ' at him .
tr	O	其中一部分是我母亲应得的地位，但是一部分是她自己愚蠢的骄傲。
tr	O	她的额头布满了忧虑的皱纹，并且她丰满的红唇紧抿成不悦的表情。
tr	O	准备好你们的相机，并且我会带我们再靠近一点。
tr	I	I quietly sucked in some breath and he stopped just a few feet away from me .
tr	O	霍普差点提醒他他们只是暂时的伴侣，但是她的心不让她说出来。
tr	I	I let out a low moan , and my hips rotated of their own accord .
tr	I	Maybe that was better than what we would face out here , but yes , we were technically their slaves .
tr	O	我们在夜里航行了很长时间，而且眼泪最终也渐渐减少了。
tr	O	新手的胳膊伸向沙恩，并且他又向前踉跄了一步。
tr	I	Another part longed for him to be there , but part of her felt relieved at the thought .
tr	I	The lower half was bright sunshine yellow with red peace symbols and someone had painted the top of it dark blue with glow-in-the-dark stars .
tr	I	It was ancient history already , and that was as far as they knew about .
tr	I	Her gaze lowered to his mouth and her pupils dilated .
tr	O	简打开窗户让新鲜空气进来，但是路上的噪音太大了。
tr	O	她迅速捂住鼻子，而且她的脸羞愧地红了。
tr	O	我们一起度过了一天的好时光，而且剩下的时间都很糟糕。
tr	I	She refused to be too hard on herself , but developing a crush on the first guy to come along after Manuel was a terrible mistake .
tr	I	She curled her fingers in , desperately trying to hide the ring , and he took her right wrist .
tr	O	他再次把自己压向我，并且我感觉到腹部有硬物。
tr	O	当船员看到她进入食堂时，要么他们无视她，或者他们对她皱眉。
tr	O	他们其中两人看起来不确定，但是有一个人气得暴跳如雷。
tr	O	哈迪斯长时间地盯着他，而且不难看出在他中立的面具下隐藏着什么。
tr	I	Nothing had changed across the street , but her gaze darted to the window .
tr	O	船长伸出了手，并且我接住了。
tr	O	黑暗遮住了她痛苦的脸，并且雨水混杂着她的泪水。
tr	O	每次会议持续两小时，并且她收取了一大笔钱。
tr	O	他是阵容中最高的男人，但是他的身体丝毫没有瘦弱的迹象。
tr	I	I wished I had even more time to explore , and Philadelphia was a city I 'd never been to .
tr	O	他一定痛苦不堪，然而他还是先照看了她。
tr	O	我和盖奇一起坐车，但是我让洛根开着扬声器。
tr	O	我听不清他的确切回应，但是 我能看出他不高兴。
tr	I	Together they left the room , and Chandler offered her his hand .
tr	I	She pushed away from him and Skyler 's hold lessened at her hesitation .
tr	I	The result was that Reed often had more liability where she was concerned , and Alec cut a deal to be with her .
tr	I	Its charcoal grey suit looked to be made of interlocking plates of some hard material and it was perhaps half the average size of a human .
tr	O	他把它递给我，并且 我把它给了韩。
tr	O	安德鲁试图安慰我，但是 没什么用。
tr	I	I swat his hand away , but Noah reaches out for me .
tr	O	她对我眨了眨眼，并且 我笑了。
tr	I	A fresh wave of tears came then , my chest heaving , but I 'd hoped I would be able to regain my composure .
tr	O	我能听到他话语中渗透出的痛苦，并且 我不必问他是什么意思。
tr	O	她尝起来像仙馔，并且 他怎么也吃不够。
tr	O	奇怪的是，当她戳到瘀伤时，痂就开始形成了，并且 没那么疼了。
tr	I	I could hear whispers as I approached , and the people in line stared at me .
tr	O	换作任何其他男人，这句爱称听起来会很老套，但是 出自内特的嘴唇，却让她感觉如沐阳光。
tr	O	我的手紧抓着头发，并且尖叫声卡在我的喉咙里。
tr	O	这个80美元的考试会花费克莱300美元一次，但是这仅仅是做生意的代价。
tr	O	月亮只有半圆，并且森林是一个阴影迷宫。
tr	I	She smiled , ruffling his fur , and he wagged his tail in response .
tr	I	He 'd been wrong and he had thought Leah had been broken before .
tr	O	林德几乎没注意到她，但是杰克的眼睛认出了她。
tr	I	He hasn 't , and I think he expected Jeremy to crumble after one night in a jail cell .
tr	O	他们失去了一些东西，但是他们也得到了一些东西。
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she was ready for sexy in public , but she 'd come a long way in the last few months .
tr	I	The book ensured our safety , but in truth , we had nothing .
tr	O	她可能是无辜的，因为她的气味和她族群中其他成员的气味如此不同，或者她甚至可能还是处女。
tr	O	杰克匆忙走向建筑物的出口，但是他的表情很紧绷。
tr	I	That made me realize what I was doing , and my emotions had become paralyzed .
tr	O	我告诉安迪我们已经到餐厅了，并且我们只是在附近走走。
tr	O	她如此想，但是没有时间去看。
tr	O	她回以微笑，而且我起鸡皮疙瘩了。
tr	O	我的大四学年已经过半，并且享受着它的方方面面。
tr	O	杰克想站起来，踱步，解释，但是他反而把她拉得更近了。
tr	I	It doesn 't matter but his shots are successful .
tr	O	弥迦想把这个故事归因于她女儿的邪恶想象力，但是她无法摆脱脸上指尖触碰的感觉。
tr	I	We hadn 't talked about a specific time , but Dad had said he 'd meet me here .
tr	O	我努力保持面无表情，但是我不太确定自己是否做得很好。
tr	I	We 'll only stay here for a few days and we are on a trip to Scotland right now .
tr	O	一扇门开了，并且火光刺痛了我的眼睛。
tr	O	她无法确定，但是她认为他在微笑。
tr	O	门只是微微开着，并且里面闪烁着奇怪的光芒。
tr	I	They could quietly take the money , or they could get angry , ask questions , make demands , want justice .
tr	I	Selena couldn 't make her legs function as he approached , and the grass seemed to part to make way for him .
tr	O	轮到弗朗西斯卡看她是否能瞥见布奇了，但是他们似乎是独自一人。
tr	I	He snaps his jaw shut when a woman walks out the door , but the look in his eyes makes me wonder if it 's important .
tr	O	然后她的心又猛地跳动起来，并且她深吸了一口气，带着痛苦。
tr	I	On her word the men charged , and the pretty landlady was roped in to judge .
tr	O	我不知道如何描述它，但是它让我的身体因恐惧而突然变得冰冷。
tr	O	我一生中曾多次在众神面前，但是我从未遇到过像UL那样的存在。
tr	O	汤米伸手抓住了我的手臂，我把它抽了回来，眼神中带着同样不确定的神情。
tr	O	艾哈迈德终于尖叫起来；他的心脏猛烈地撞击着胸膛，并且他的喉咙几乎干涩得无法发出声音。
tr	I	Lucas had made me promise to get a good night 's rest , but I felt like traveling to the year 1993 right away .
tr	O	他跑过房间，猛地撞向一扇高大的玻璃窗。
tr	I	Donovan walked back to his truck to move it farther down the street , and she hurried off with a wave .
tr	I	She stands up , and she hears gunshots .
tr	I	It wasn 't thanks to a flush from thinking salacious thoughts , but Josie 's face was red again .
tr	O	我同意了，并且凯瑟琳走向门口。
tr	O	我不知道我是怎么认出他们的，但是我的目光集中在他们身上，随着他们走向队伍前方。
tr	I	It worried her and Anna was having trouble sleeping .
tr	O	我反正很可能已经死了，但是我不想这样死去。
tr	O	亨特正努力适应坐轮椅，并且我哭得一塌糊涂。
tr	O	我的任务很明确，并且我不会让自己分心。
tr	I	Kurt was livid , and I wandered into one by accident once .
tr	O	星辰湾即将被摧毁，并且他也会随之而去。
tr	I	He was presumed to have drowned , and his body was found in the motel swimming pool after dark , clad only in bathing shorts .
tr	O	他的心怦然一动，并且他在夜幕降临之前就知道，他必须让她成为他的人。
tr	O	她的父母在楼下，并且他有一种感觉，他在这种形态下待得越久，她的气息就会越强烈。
tr	I	I made my way towards the door of the armory , as I walked up a long boardwalk , but I was very nervous .
tr	O	这不是他自己的狗，但是这已经是他未来几个月里能得到的最接近的了。
tr	I	You have never been convicted of anything and I know you have hundreds of different identities .
tr	I	She thought the neighbors might be having one of their cozy little spats , and something banged against her apartment wall .
tr	O	我不能让你走，然而我也不想让你不开心。
tr	I	She realised Ray was here and as soon as she stepped into the front door , the tang of cigar smoke filled her nose .
tr	I	It was lavishly decorated , but Mansion Penrod was not a keep .
tr	O	房间变得越来越暗，并且我的头也晕了。
tr	I	I prayed that the others couldn 't see how nervous I was , and my legs started to shake as soon as I stood up .
tr	I	We have a problem , but we are tracking it .
tr	I	The windows all drawn and the garage was shut .
tr	I	Most do not fear death , but our men are not suicidal .
tr	I	Of course , that was impossible , but she would have liked to spend some beach time with him .
tr	I	It seems like he 's screaming , yet his voice is ever smaller now , barely there .
tr	O	你被绑在我身边，并且我让你陷入险境。
tr	O	我可以为你穿上它，并且它会带你去你想去的地方。
tr	O	菲尔德昏迷着倒在地板上，并且我震惊地站在菲尔德上方。
tr	I	Mentioning my dad had done the trick , but Lucas didn 't like leaving me behind .
tr	O	他自己无法用言语表达，并且这对她来说也确实如此。
tr	I	His father had introduced him to the concept of the strong serving the weak , but he hadn 't learned much about religion .
tr	I	It was three against the world , and Stuart was their leader .
tr	I	I punched the metal gate at the end , but I 'd managed to keep my voice calm .
tr	I	At the same time be pulled towards another and it was an odd thing to sorely miss one person .
tr	I	There was a hint of regret in his eyes , but he wasn 't being mean about it .
tr	O	她把我拉近，并且我向前踉跄，任由她把我放在她想放的地方。
tr	O	她又向树篱走近了一步，近到让其他人听不见她的声音，但是那些话会触及他的痛处。
tr	O	他试图寻找词语，但是他不知道如何开口。
tr	O	让他措手不及的是，前门打开了，并且费思走上了门廊，站在午后的细雨中。
tr	I	The lights of remote villages high in the forested mountains , and the stars below are campfires , out in the desert .
tr	I	He had a craggy face with a jutting chin , and his temples were touched with gray .
tr	I	There was no doubt that he would allow no further challenges but his tone was quiet .
tr	O	橙色裂缝在天空中达到了顶点，但是豹子却没有采取任何行动跳到安全地带。
tr	I	It was much more difficult than the first time , but we beat them back again .
tr	I	There were a few I didn 't know but I was already familiar with some of them .
tr	I	Soon the floor reappeared below them , and Henrietta wrote floor in the air .
tr	I	I smiled anyway , but it was an obvious statement .
tr	I	Flung it at him and she seized a plate off the table .
tr	I	We had come through but there had been a rough patch .
tr	O	对他进行了大规模的搜寻，但是没有发现任何踪迹。
tr	I	It could be fatal in this one , but Temper is destructive in any healing room .
tr	O	天气很暖和，并且她想玩汤米给她买的新塑料球。
tr	O	我可能有点害羞，并且你看起来那么自信。
tr	I	This time she also scanned her handprint , and she punched a code into another keypad .
tr	I	The smile would be bright and you knew she smiled often .
tr	I	With a second thought she pulled it back , but Aisling 's hand hovered above the mushroom .
tr	I	Claire couldn 't help her , but Eve 's crying was uncontrollable now .
tr	O	骑自行车是他觉得有趣的部分，但是危险、风险，却一点也不有趣。
tr	I	I can feel like an Emotional and I can reason like a Rational .
tr	I	She was dragged to the stage , and her arm was grabbed .
tr	O	除了孕吐，她一直感到疲惫，并且任何小意外都会让眼泪涌入她的眼睛。
tr	O	那个手势中可能隐藏着成千上万种含义，但是我只是个新手。
tr	O	他把我拉了回去，并且我摔倒在地。
tr	O	汉娜抓住了艾瑞亚的手，并且艾瑞亚抓住了艾米丽的手。
tr	O	他的肺部充满了空气，并且这让他的身体膨胀。
tr	O	毫无疑问，这个女孩不怀好意，并且安东尼非但没有因此感到恼火，反而感到有些惭愧。
tr	O	这比平时花了我更多的时间，但是我设法甩掉了其他人。
tr	I	It was time to work through it , and this was the same fear that had immobilized me for the better part of four years .
tr	I	He could tell she was enjoying herself , and then he started to move slowly .
tr	O	这有点好笑，但是他们忍住了笑声。
tr	O	罗杰打了个响指，并且弗莱迪便踱了过来。
tr	I	He wanted Durrant to say it , be reminded , but Jac remembered the age from Durrant 's file .
tr	O	亚历克西斯开了门，并且马修就站在那里。
tr	O	我坐进了一张软垫印花布扶手椅，但是其他人仍旧站着。
tr	I	One of them had to be Quin 's office and there were only a couple of doors down here .
tr	O	我看到的那个人影身穿白袍，并且那种存在感令人窒息。
tr	O	她从不夸大其词，并且她只分享必要的信息。
tr	I	Something had changed all of a sudden , but he didn 't know if she thought he was lying .
tr	O	它说出来比她想要的带了更多的锋芒，但是这已经是她能做到的最好的了。
tr	I	It wasn 't me talking anymore but normally these things would faze me .
tr	O	他伸手去抓她的手，并且她把他的手握在自己手里。
tr	I	I suppressed a groan and Kimber 's aura brightened at the sight of my brother .
tr	I	Jase had a feeling Sherman wasn 't coming for the food and Sherman , his designer , was coming to his place for dinner that night .
tr	I	I knew in my heart she would be fine , but it was hard for me to part with Haley .
tr	I	It was as of yet undecided which direction he would venture and perhaps he was betwixt the two worlds .
tr	O	他的身体可能会回到波士顿，但是他的心会永远留在英格兰。
tr	I	Kylie felt the emotion resonate within herself and sadness filled Della 's eyes .
tr	O	火花从我的指尖射出，并且浓雾向后翻滚，自身搅动着。
tr	O	有那么一刻，她真的让自己相信她和裘德之间可能不仅仅是一段露水情缘。
tr	O	他们是好孩子，双胞胎，并且他们喜欢他。
tr	O	嗯，我不信任她，但是那不重要。
tr	I	I couldn 't breathe and Smoke stung my eyes .
tr	O	当我抬头看卡特时，我期待他露出那种寡言的笑容，但是他的脸上却一片严肃。
tr	I	He had no words to voice it , but the desire burned painfully in his chest .
tr	I	It was possible their guest was mistaken , and Tomasz reminded everyone that they had easily passed through previous Russian checkpoints .
tr	I	She spoke confidently about that future home we both wanted so much , but she wouldn 't elaborate on what deal she was attempting with Stanton .
tr	I	As Ronan had said , it left her feeling unsatisfied but it had eased the hunger .
tr	I	You did , and I was afraid you 'd send me away .
tr	O	他说他听说了她被捕的事，并且他似乎对我决定把钱留给那家人感到惊讶。
tr	O	巴尔杜国王的脸白了，并且他的手垂了下来。
tr	I	His heart clenched , and the disbelief in her voice was palpable .
tr	I	The papers scattered all over the floor and just then I dropped the folder .
tr	O	巴恩斯要求休息两小时，并且哈利回到他的住处睡觉。
tr	I	Now I wasn 't so sure that was such a good idea , but at the time , I had agreed with what he had said .
tr	O	门在她触碰下悄无声息地摆动，并且她看着那些不熟悉的手指按在腐朽的木头上，脸上泛起一丝微笑。
tr	I	I will , but I don 't know how .
tr	I	The bathroom drawers held the same toiletries found in most bathrooms , but it was unusually large , almost as big as his bedroom .
tr	O	每个人都面向前方，眼睛看着律师，但是我不认为我们中很多人真的在听。
tr	O	尼克的胸膛抵着她的胸膛剧烈起伏，并且他把脸埋在她的头发里，靠在她的肩膀上。
tr	O	他捕捉到我的目光时眨了眨眼，并且我想做那个老师今天早上做过的事情。
tr	I	Panic filled her chest , crowding her lungs , and her pulse raced .
tr	I	They took off running and he said , smacking Michael .
tr	O	我必须铺完这个地板，或者安东尼神父会发怒的。
tr	O	我能看出她很诚实，但是我仍然没有任何答案。
tr	O	她希望我好起来，并且我也想为她好起来。
tr	I	They weren 't hard trained but police , security , athletes , some that were just in the right age bracket -- they had raw talent .
tr	O	我能跑得更快，并且我能闻到他，即使他藏起来了。
tr	O	轻轻的呻吟声从泰莎的唇间溢出，并且他们的拥抱变得更加热情。
tr	O	她走了，而且我也正要离开。
tr	I	He sat up and his eyes snapped open .
tr	O	我坚定而从容地向前迈步，并且随着我的前进，太阳也渐渐西沉。
tr	O	他嘴里的破布浸满了他的唾液，并且他的下巴上挂着口水痕迹。
tr	O	她想安抚他，但是她也正像他一样对这对夫妇感到沮丧。
tr	O	几乎没有时间恢复我的原形，但是就在最后一刻，我猛地转向了。
tr	O	我们是邻居，而且我每天都喂你。
tr	O	她的目光锁定在他身上，并且她无论如何也无法移开视线。
tr	O	我看不清一张脸，但是他把枪举到我的头上。
tr	O	摩根在听到这个提醒后放松了一点，但是潜在的紧张感依然存在。
tr	O	那人放下了他的头巾，并且他们意识到那根本不是一个人。
tr	O	我在那之后离开了美国东部，并且我再也没有回去过。
tr	I	The fear had felt very real , and the man had almost gotten her .
tr	I	It troubled him to no end and of course Sam didn 't at all like seeing her this way .
tr	I	Her sisters felt remorseful , and Freda looked very defeated .
tr	O	一股不安的紧张情绪涌上我的胃，并且我差点踉跄着停了下来。
tr	I	It didn 't bother me at all and I 'd , of course , known she was wrong .
tr	O	拉希德无法改变他的体型，但是他可以在他们前进时安抚她。
tr	O	我们正开车去学校，并且我母亲打破了沉默。
tr	I	Most inmates die there at early ages , and these colonies are hard .
tr	O	这让她心碎了，但是她拒绝表现出她的痛苦。
tr	I	She was pregnant with Dean 's baby , and her family refused to talk to her .
tr	O	她试图站起来，但是卡特赖特把她推了回去。
tr	O	我们是猎人，并且那意味着有时我们是杀手。
tr	I	He was in the middle of agony such as he could only suffer while asleep , but his senses knew that something was amiss .
tr	O	我走到他身边，并且我们默默地走进了剧院。
tr	O	就像住在巧克力冰棒里一样，是洛夫第一次看到它时的想法，但是他早就习惯了。
tr	I	Her skin very pale , and her hair was red .
tr	O	托尼快要死了，并且我将不得不再次经历这种失去。
tr	O	法院那天吸取了惨痛的教训，并且他不会让它再次发生。
tr	I	They both stand there together , waiting for me and Alexandra wraps her arms around Adria from the side .
tr	I	It was no use , but I could see Larry trying to disengage herself from her kidnapper .
tr	I	I 'd fallen for it , and it had been a trap !
tr	I	The burning question that had been on my mind for so long rose up within and I kept my hand on his forearm .
tr	I	You can 't really drive off that many birds , but I tried to beat them off with my hands .
tr	I	I 'm suddenly back on my porch with Ketchup , a silly girl with unrealistic dreams , and the last two years are forgotten entirely .
tr	I	It was also kind of freeing , but it made for some awkward moments .
tr	I	Being old news back home totally beats being the scandal of the week here , but I never figured I 'd think of California as a blessing .
tr	O	她一直和他说话，直到她声音嘶哑，并且她再也说不出话来。
tr	I	He nodded , and I wondered .
tr	I	The scenery normally didn 't , but the weather could change rapidly .
tr	O	她可能已经忘了你，但是你还没有忘了她。
tr	I	He 'll be drawn toward me as if by magnetic force , and I 'll be laughing .
tr	I	It was creating enormous waves on its both sides and the craft 's shadow resembles that of a speedboat .
tr	O	她的柔软身体紧贴着他，并且她吸入了一口颤抖的呼吸。
tr	I	They 'd still had a pretty stiff dose , but the rain had muddied most of the dust .
tr	O	他的一边眉毛挑了起来，并且他礼貌地咳嗽了一声。
tr	I	He suspected the effect would be much the same , but Ted had never had to shoot an uninfected human .
tr	O	我希望我能给这件事更多时间，但是我做不到。
tr	O	看在上帝的份上，他认识她还不到一周，并且他无法预见明天，那时她就会离开了。
tr	I	It requires five victims within one month , and the way this spell works , Veronica needs to renew it every few years .
tr	O	她再也见不到他的念头占据了她的思绪，并且她把脸埋在手里轻轻地啜泣起来。
tr	O	他揽住我的腰把我抱起来，并且当他把我安置到座位上时，我倒吸了一口气。
tr	I	He was nowhere to be found , but Benji looked for Hunter .
tr	I	I assumed he had decided against joining , and it had been over a week since I met him at the racquetball club .
tr	O	一份工作意味着要离开帕奇一段时间，但是这也意味着有私人交通工具。
tr	I	Nothing was happening and I was kissing a dying girl .
tr	O	尼克戴着一副深色太阳镜，所以凯西看不见他的眼睛，但是她能感觉到他正在看着她。
tr	O	她感觉到她强势的态度在融化，但是她知道当他们回到他家时，她仍然需要掌控局面。
tr	O	莱克茜骑车沿着主街前进，并且把自行车停在斯科特的办公室前。
tr	O	他的睫毛很长，并且他睡眼惺忪地看着她。
tr	O	我周一早上见到他们时，他们似乎相处得很好，并且埃斯米说她喜欢她的工作。
tr	O	我们的孩子会是四岁，并且我们知道保护他们是我们的主要担忧。
tr	I	Her brothers came running in and Melinda started up the stairs when the front door flew open .
tr	I	He wasn 't Jimi Hendrix after all , but the man behind the wheel was black .
tr	O	每个人都全神贯注地看着他：理应如此，但是他的心却很痛。
tr	O	他碰了我，但是我从来没有机会去攻击他。
tr	I	In any case it was too tiring , and her raw throat wouldn 't allow it .
tr	I	Moody tonight , Antonietta admitted and I find I 'm edgy .
tr	O	她迅速移开视线，但是一股强烈到令他心痛的渴望已在她目光完全移开前冲击了他。
tr	O	他们彼此几乎不说话，并且那是因为除了她怀里的孩子，他们之间没有任何共同之处。
tr	O	萨凡纳能感觉到他的勃起已经软了，并且她担心那个时刻已经过去了。
tr	O	这只给了他一点点满足，但是目前来说也够了。
tr	O	我感觉到那种现在已经熟悉的能量在我的背部积聚，但是我把它的力量向下引导。
tr	I	I forced myself to pick it up , and my fingers closed around the correct binder .
tr	O	我的碰巧是开衩裙，但是即使如此，它仍然比她的要宽松得多。
tr	O	她是个美丽的女人，但是如果他没看错的话，他离开后她胖了一些。
tr	I	I didn 't smile back , and it was a small one .
tr	O	过来的时候阳光感觉暖和，但是现在微风吹在她湿冷的皮肤上却很冷。
tr	I	It may be millennia , or he went on , ' It may be a few years .
tr	O	莫里森小姐不太愿意和我说话，并且她的丈夫也不会。
tr	I	Her heart gave a funny flip-flop and he grinned .
tr	O	维达的另一只脚立刻踢向肚子，并且她也跟着扑了进去。
tr	O	它正好击中我的胸部下方，并且我的双腿从我身下瘫软下去。
tr	O	他的金色长发飘逸，如同女人一般，并且它与他身后飘扬的巨大金色斗篷融为一体。
tr	I	It sounds like something I would like , but I don 't know what stargazing is .
tr	I	The pain spread down to her toes , but she pushed down on her heel trying to find relief .
tr	I	He lacked the creativity necessary to contrive plans such as Bari 's , but See , Arthur often found himself possessed with such suicidal thoughts .
tr	I	I stop when she pushes him down , then gets right back to what she 's doing , but my feet start to carry me forward .
tr	I	I told him some of mine and he told me about his life .
tr	I	I was grateful that all in all there were only about fifteen women present , and I looked around as she spoke .
tr	I	Anna Kay died before she turned fifty , and the whole thing had turned out very badly .
tr	O	她吞了下去，但是它却卡在了安全带上。
tr	O	她给了我一个拥抱，并且我感觉好了一些。
tr	O	也许我无法拥有我想要的艾莉，但是她绝对可以拥有我。
tr	I	She plowed right into his back , and when they reached the master bedroom , he stopped without notice .
tr	I	Everyone stopped talking to see what had happened and it was so loud the entire room shook .
tr	I	Nothing dared enter the grid of steel , but wounded sounds came from all around them .
tr	I	Robert strode to the vending machines , and Evie nodded her agreement .
tr	O	也许她不在家，但是她的妹妹在，她心想。
tr	I	He slowly shook his head , and he stood in front of Summer , hands on his hips .
tr	I	Even if he didn 't he would insist on a trial , and Printer would almost certainly deny the death penalty .
tr	O	兰迪向他的狗招了招手，并且我看向我的脚。
tr	O	它挺直了，并且他在其底部周围的地面上跺脚。
tr	O	碎屑从敞开的酒吧门上飞溅开来，但是那个陌生人已经潜回里面了。
tr	I	Only the strong survive , and the world is wild .
tr	I	We slept in each other 's arms and Avril stole into my bed .
tr	O	震惊地，他在她冰冷的眼中寻找解释，但是除了同样的冷酷凝视，什么也没有提供。
tr	O	她张开了嘴，并且他突然大笑起来。
tr	I	Estrangement at the same table was brutal ... but it was hard enough to be estranged from your child when thousands of miles separated you .
tr	O	杰克逊按下了按钮召唤科琳，并且她在几秒钟内就出现了。
tr	O	我们走进了一个机库，并且热浪扑面而来，驱散了寒意。
tr	I	He 'd never even tried to kiss her , and she 'd gone out with Bruce Twist three times .
tr	I	Even before I turn it around , I see the rips in the canvas , ragged edges leaking threads , but the last painting faces the wall .
tr	I	They were few , but some stood firm .
tr	I	She gave him a tired smile and Melanie 's eyes were open now .
tr	O	韦伯看起来很愤怒，但是他却无能为力。
tr	I	She continued , and I waited .
tr	I	It were the only place I felt like I could sleep , and Rob 's band couldn 't follow me up there .
tr	O	卡拉想提醒他他们很久没有享受火热而汗湿的性爱了，但是她却没有那么做。
tr	O	她的目前状况无人知晓，但是我已经锁定了她的位置。
tr	O	老人像个骄傲的家长，并且我再次质疑了他与我兄弟的关系。
tr	O	他们已经抵达这里，但是付出的代价是巨大的。
tr	O	我们都知道杰登的情况不妙，但是此刻，我怀疑情况可能比我们想象的糟糕得多。
tr	O	我有一个名字，并且它不是上帝。
tr	I	I heard my lifelong friend Paul 's familiar voice , and when she was put through , she passed the telephone to me .
tr	O	他意味深长地看了一眼背对着他的蕾拉，但是他在远处的镜墙上捕捉到了她的目光。
tr	I	I rode across town to the motel to get the few things I had , then headed back , and Christopher gave me his address .
tr	O	我无法移动很快，并且我认为太阳简直是要我的命。
tr	I	Damned if he 'd admit to it , but he might act like a stereotypical male .
tr	I	His four stubby blunted tusks were actually razor sharp on the sides , and charging , he moved with extraordinary speed for such a large animal .
tr	I	Now he was doing well , and Bern got an academic scholarship because he was smarter than all of us combined .
tr	I	Before I could , he threw a solid swing on my left , but I moved to block this .
tr	I	Being late was now a real possibility and she was still lost to her dreams .
tr	I	Then he 'd be right to call me a brat , but I feel like stomping my foot .
tr	I	Dad called the real essence of life and this is the kind of stuff Mom .
tr	I	Ashley relaxed her posture , just a bit and the waitress scuttled off .
tr	O	他花了很长时间小心翼翼地避免违抗他的父亲，但是如果他盲目服从，他又怎能称自己为人？
tr	O	地板很脏，并且窗户也没洗。
tr	I	The monster was gone , and the glowing eyes disappeared .
tr	O	我也骑在马上，并且我看到了我的机会。
tr	I	He moved on without saying another word , and his gaze swept over her .
tr	O	她是他学会了永远可以信任的唯一一人，并且他现在正在背叛她。
tr	I	Fire was my toy , but I was screwed up in a lot of areas .
tr	O	天很冷，并且她决定穿着所有衣服钻进被窝。
tr	O	她骄傲地翘起鼻子，并且气冲冲地走下走廊。
tr	I	In the end , she was not surprised , but her relief was enormous .
tr	O	他很感谢这个姿态，并且他们很享受彼此的陪伴。
tr	O	我承认它有点漂亮，但是野牛群一点也不感兴趣。
tr	I	Johnny wrestled him to the floor intent on trapping him in an unshakable grip and his foot slipped beneath him .
tr	O	我看着他摆弄吉他甚至没有看一眼，并且我猛地一惊，一阵怒火涌上心头。
tr	O	我们默默地开车，并且接着就下起了雨。
tr	I	I will be dealing with your call today and my name is Tortilla .
tr	O	他们去看电影了，并且维多利亚不知怎地觉得他必须克制自己，不去做乔纳森经常对她做的那些事情。
tr	O	雨下得更大了，并且低垂的云层使白天变得昏暗。
tr	O	他再次抽身而去，并且她不知道为什么。
tr	I	His words were clear with no slurring , but the smell of alcohol was stronger now .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but his vision faded .
tr	O	他的敏锐让她更加不安，并且她不由自主地开始挣扎。
tr	O	那样就够了，但是接着她就不得不告诉她她怀孕了。
tr	O	这来自别人时已经够糟糕的了，但是当这是他亲兄弟时，它更让人心痛。
tr	I	Her flabbergasted eyes surged with moisture and he filled Olympia 's embrace with an excited squeal .
tr	I	That wasn 't what really stopped me in my tracks but he was good looking , yes , .
tr	I	Winston had long since memorized their contents , but the research papers were a ruined pulp .
tr	I	She chanced a glance at him and her heart pounded .
tr	I	We were quiet , staring straight ahead , and the Colonel drove fast .
tr	I	He 'd find the information he wanted but he knew it was going to take a while .
tr	I	It will be gone the next moment , and he can tuck something into his pocket .
tr	O	Mac是带有漂亮界面的Unix，并且他有一些脚本利用了这一点来使其更安全。
tr	O	她深吸一口气，让她的嫉妒情绪随之消散，但是它仍然在她脑海深处困扰着她。
tr	I	Before he could find his voice , footsteps approached once more in the hallway , but he searched for the right words to tell her .
tr	O	神明应该永生不死，并且皇帝认为自己是神。
tr	O	他认为那会太伤害你，并且他不想看到你受伤。
tr	I	Seth really didn 't want to kill anyone unless he absolutely had to , but admittedly , it wasn 't the best plan .
tr	O	只有一种逃脱的方法，并且那就是重新沉入梦境。
tr	I	I could see that it moved Mrs. Leslie deeply , but I did not know what to make of that .
tr	I	A little sound of discomfort yelped between my lips and his fingers probed around .
tr	I	It looked like it was just a scratch , but Jeff was hit in the arm by a bolt .
tr	I	They were stained green and I looked at them .
tr	I	I wanted to know before I told him what I know , but Hayes might know .
tr	O	他往常的咧嘴笑被一个令人安心的微笑取代了，并且他对我的整个态度似乎更温和了。
tr	O	最终他从中走了出来，并且事情也几乎恢复了正常。
tr	O	两次主要战役就在这个基地附近发生，然而它看起来仍然像是海滩上的一段普通区域。
tr	O	我不是含着银汤匙出生的，但是从一开始就有一整套该死的白金餐具堵得我喘不过气来。
tr	I	Inside he 's really very sensitive , but I know that he looks brutish .
tr	O	那时我不太确定宗教裁判所是什么，但是我知道那个符号意味着麻烦。
tr	I	Eli smiling from cheek to cheek , and I climbed in the car , greeted by her being on the phone , Rebekah sound asleep .
tr	I	This was all a dream , and I was sitting on a plane , reading GQ .
tr	I	Instead , she gasped , but she was expecting her mother to be pleased .
tr	O	过去一年我产生了一些医疗费，并且付清它们花了我一段漫长而痛苦的时间。
tr	O	这匹马没那么老，但是任何一匹马在全速穿过山丘时都会很吃力。
tr	O	疲惫不堪且日益烦恼。
tr	I	I see what I want , and I work on these spells .
tr	O	一直以来都是这样，并且会一直这样下去，直到永恒。
tr	O	他要么是在开玩笑，或者他是认真的。
tr	O	萨凡纳之前没有多想她有多想念她的奶奶，但是当她和奶奶坐在这里时，她才知道自己有多想念她。
tr	O	他看起来像要杀了我，并且在我生命的这个阶段，我还没完全准备好去死。
tr	O	我正在举重，当我抬起头时，并且阿什琳正站在我面前。
tr	I	When he 's not , you go back to that place of pain , and Ian takes that fear from you when he 's around .
tr	I	It was almost dark , but it was still daylight .
tr	I	That meant people up front couldn 't see her , either , but her view of the front was blocked .
tr	I	She knew that someone wanted to kill her , and she had no weapons .
tr	O	他对着她的反应笑了笑，把她拉了下来，并且他的笑容扩大了，因为她自动依偎在他身边。
tr	I	He heard activity on the deck , and the ship 's outline appeared ahead .
tr	I	I saw the glistening in her eyes as she fought off tears and she grabbed my hand .
tr	I	The numbers automatically tallied up in his head , but he didn 't try to count .
tr	O	你今天能撑过去，并且我会雇佣你。
tr	O	瑞秋的表情从讲师温和地变成了同谋者，但是她继续说时，语气依然保持着正式。
tr	O	他向她伸出手，并且她倒进他的怀里。
tr	O	大多数建筑看起来是住宅小屋，但是其中一栋是一间狭长低矮的多功能商店。
tr	O	灯亮了，并且夜晚从这里可见。
tr	O	我终于完全放开了她，但是我离得足够近。
tr	O	我似乎错过了什么，一些更真实的东西，但是她无法告诉我那是什么。
tr	I	This place is weird , but I 've seen something like this before , in the community library in our zone .
tr	I	They were very close , but they weren 't identical .
tr	I	I jumped , and his voice sounded behind me .
tr	I	He had nothing to cover himself with , but he recognized the sluggishness of hypothermia coming on .
tr	I	The room got brighter , and I stuck my whole hand in .
tr	I	He delved deep , determined to taste all of her after waiting so long and his tongue parted her lips .
tr	O	埃文知道我拥有萨满背景，但是我不想让我的力量程度变得那么明显。
tr	I	Now , I have the chance to know , but it 's just that , I never thought of why you guys started boxing .
tr	O	曼努埃尔假装笑了笑，但是他没有看玛吉，这次没有。
tr	O	我也震惊了，但是失去所爱之人的恐慌比正在发生的一切怪事更具吸引力。
tr	O	她递给她支票，当时卡拉正伸出一张信用卡，并且她接过了它。
tr	O	她的嘴唇说着一件事，但是她的肢体语言却说着完全不同的另一件事。
tr	O	第一守护者没有说出最后四个字，但是那正是任学到的教训。
tr	I	He 'd be there , and a few quick strokes .
tr	I	I shivered and he laughed .
tr	I	Her chest stopped its struggle for breath , and her eyes closed .
tr	I	We rely on a barter system and as you all know , the monetary system has completely broken down .
tr	O	额外的木头被添到火中，直到火焰冲天而起，并且整个区域都发出橙色的光。
tr	I	We decimated your men , and you attacked our army in open combat .
tr	O	他可能是我父亲，但是我不认识他。
tr	I	Somehow he felt so eager to share his secrets , but he 'd never revealed so much about himself to another person in his whole life .
tr	I	The hollow eyes looked up again and Pope leaned back into his seat .
tr	O	我只是需要时间，并且我需要你留下。
tr	O	我从未见过他那样，并且我再也不想那样了。
tr	O	乔伊俯身靠近她，但是她挥手让他走开。
tr	O	它们很淡，完全愈合了，但是他不可能没注意到它们。
tr	I	Instead there was no response , but I expected a raging LOL .
tr	O	我几年前父亲去世时哭了，并且我十三岁时狗去世时也哭了。
tr	I	Now she realized she really knew nothing at all about Kat , and someone she had thought she 'd known for years .
tr	I	Gaston was having nothing of that , but Elana tried to slide off of his lap .
tr	I	She held on to it , but Joseph offered to take the box .
tr	O	我僵住了，心跳加速，并且我自动转向了那个声音。
tr	O	好像他们知道我想做什么，并且他们不让我做。
tr	I	It took all the energy Tim had , but the only one who could stop him from hurting himself was Tim .
tr	I	Most don 't , but some people seem able to shake it off while it 's just acting like a respiratory bug .
tr	I	We 'd certainly never cast a young girl out for the sins of a lecherous old man and we don 't turn on our own .
tr	O	如果我能找到一个没上锁的，我就会有一个办法出去，但是，我只有时间尝试一个。
tr	O	她的气息灼热地扑在他的脸颊上，并且，她的手腕在他的手中一动不动。
tr	I	The houses looked as if they 'd been visited by the Grinch , and we 'd filled six plastic garbage bags with lights .
tr	O	我眯起了眼睛，并且，她垂下了目光。
tr	O	他的行为不可原谅，但是，他的朋友们已经理解了。
tr	O	薇奥莱特的呼吸平稳了，并且，她睡着了。
tr	O	西耶娜闪身躲开，并且，它没有击中她。
tr	O	门砰地关上了，并且，尖叫声逐渐平息了。
tr	I	You couldn 't trust those , but her profile picture was cute .
tr	I	It 's way too hard , but I try to keep them open .
tr	O	她的声音也很轻柔，但是，那更像是一种咕噜声。
tr	I	I don 't rightly remember doing that , but they say I tore up her flowerbed .
tr	O	拿走一个人的记忆，并且你就会改变他们的本质。
tr	I	It would probably work with this group and it had worked with the 1942 survivors .
tr	O	我听到多姆走到我身后，并且我僵住了。
tr	I	His whereabouts were unknown and Edward Grainger had left the country .
tr	O	两个营脱离了主车队，并且他们开往奥斯汀的南部郊区。
tr	I	He did not feel it anymore , but the rain fell on his head .
tr	O	他可能会为了她提前离开，并且她不在乎。
tr	O	他本来不想呆在这里，但是他的叔叔坚持了。
tr	I	He loved to gamble , and Chek , on the other hand , was short , bald .
tr	O	舞池里只有少数几个舞者，互相绕着房间旋转着，但是时间还早。
tr	O	我讨厌传递坏消息，但是我需要告知伊森最新情况。
tr	I	I don 't let go but she pulls back away from me .
tr	O	今天正式是我的十五岁生日，并且我很高兴能和奥尼克斯一起出去村子里。
tr	I	A good chunk of our time had been spent outdoors and we 'd been on our honeymoon for over a week now .
tr	I	I let it go , but it was classic deflection .
tr	I	I wanted nothing more than to kiss him and when he laughed his chest moved against mine .
tr	I	I 'm begging him to come back and his warmth is gone .
tr	I	She was going to end up falling again or she had to be more careful around him .
tr	I	She leaned into him , thankful that he was here , that he hadn 't gone into work , and Brennan 's arms wrapped around her .
tr	O	我知道我是一个懦夫，但是从小到大我从未骨折过。
tr	I	This really astounded her but she knew that the subconscious could sometimes perform incredible feats that wizards normally failed to achieve no matter how much they practiced .
tr	O	所有的宗教都指引着天堂的未来，但是他却想要将现在留给他所爱的人。
tr	I	It began to turn in order to be able to engage the enemies , and its engines were powered as well .
tr	O	利亚姆想不出任何话来说，并且朱利安也懒得开口。
tr	O	他把烟头扔到地上踩灭了，没有多想。
tr	I	Now he 's running late because his car broke down again and he was up all night because of you at the hospital .
tr	I	It looked like he was blushing under his brown skin , and Jacob ducked his head .
tr	I	I hadn 't proven to be much use helping him find it , but I had no idea what it did .
tr	O	他的笑容立刻消失了，并且他歪了歪头。
tr	I	She smiled , and Marlon retorted .
tr	O	当她关上身后的门时，灯光变暗了，并且五颜六色的光影在墙壁上跳动。
tr	O	她的声音很轻，但是她的话语却很坚定。
tr	O	这很微妙，但是它似乎不可避免。
tr	I	My cheeks heat and everyone agrees .
tr	I	He also wanted to be at Sigma command , to find out if the Japanese physicists were okay , but he needed to hear this tale .
tr	I	All other avenues were blocked but she didn 't know if there was any kind of a weapon there .
tr	O	她也没有回答他，但是看起来她已经回答了。
tr	O	他想冲向艾瑞亚，但是他太虚弱了。
tr	O	许多狮子队的成员从未输过，并且作为一个整体，他们表现得很优雅。
tr	O	红方的人将在黎明时分发起进攻，并且我预计骑兵将在几小时内反击。
tr	I	He had heard it on more than one occasion , but from where , he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	These pain medications are making me tired and I 've been up for a while .
tr	O	他叉开双腿，站在穿梭于市场的人流中，并且任由他们像河流一样从他身边流过。
tr	I	A sigh rattled through him , and I gingerly touched the ends of his hair .
tr	O	她似乎从沉思中惊醒，并且看到她的脸，我的心都碎了。
tr	I	He released her , backing up and her hands went to his waist .
tr	O	他只有十四岁，并且他爱佩妮。
tr	I	The second boy fled so I decided to look further into the matter and a few minutes later the door opened .
tr	I	The three of us accepted the offer , and he was welcoming .
tr	O	沃恩会很乐意再和凯莉的兄弟们打一架，但是不幸的是，他得开车长途返回大福克斯。
tr	I	His skin is creased with wrinkles and his eyes are a dull grey .
tr	I	Maybe we could make use of the other one as well , but I knew from the get-go which car we were going to take .
tr	O	他父亲弥留之际，他不需要一场战争，但是一场家族战争可能近在咫尺。
tr	I	I could feel the hot water boiling around me , but I regretted not being able to return his enthusiasm .
tr	O	迈卡的事业持续增长，并且他甚至已经开始了第二份生意，一份生产娱乐中心的生意。
tr	I	She could not bear to see it happen to Max , but Mia no longer cared if she plunged down the cliff .
tr	O	门因罗伯特的手印而打开，并且他们走进了小楼。
tr	O	罗斯玛丽可以从现在到世界末日都坚持认为吸血鬼没有人类情感，但是她错了。
tr	O	欧内斯特听到身后有门打开的声音，并且他转身看到了哈钦森夫人。
tr	O	也许这真是个疯狂的说法，但是突然间，与福特共度未来的机会似乎并非完全不可能。
tr	I	Now she was apologizing , and she hadn 't deserved what that fucking pig had done .
tr	O	我可以把他叫回来，但是那只会削弱他。
tr	O	她从一开始就怀疑这个程序能否奏效，但是任何评论都不会让这个主题比其他主题表现得更好。
tr	O	他扭动眉毛，并且这让我紧张。
tr	I	I wanted to squirm , and he studied my face .
tr	I	Everything went blank and about all that I can remember is dancing with Luke .
tr	I	She is as cute as a bug and as I was saying , Lily is my little sister .
tr	O	我已经准备好让这一天结束了，并且我当然准备好摆脱聚光灯了。
tr	I	I didn 't stay long , and I didn 't like it .
tr	I	Soon I was sinking back into my chair and my knees buckled .
tr	O	他有很多问题想问她，但是他把它们藏在心里。
tr	I	A sleepy smile pulled at his lips and one eye was visible .
tr	O	他的反射能力正在改善，并且他们乐观地认为没有严重的脊髓损伤。
tr	O	萨姆听起来很平静，但是我心里明白。
tr	I	Gwen laughed with the surge of power that she felt and he lunged up , wrapped his arms around her .
tr	I	All was in order , and the first room had once been the guest room .
tr	O	罗伯特出现得不出所料，但是仍然让她感到毛骨悚然。
tr	I	I saw that he had one of his own , and after he did this once , he couldn 't seem to put it down .
tr	I	I did not , but I might have killed you ten days ago .
tr	O	我们和他们有亲戚关系，并且他们很糟糕。
tr	I	He still had no signal , buried too deeply under the museum , but Gray tested his own radio .
tr	I	The Dane kept one hand on her shoulder holding her down , but she tried to push up , to better see the shore .
tr	I	She pinned it to her chest with fingers shaking with eagerness , and she grasped the brooch as soon as he accepted the money .
tr	O	我不确定他是否会来吃早餐，但是他声称他需要习惯我的厨艺。
tr	O	她显然有点非正统，但是那对Phoebe来说显得相当迷人。
tr	I	Still , the inevitable could , perhaps , be postponed , but it was inevitable that he would be noticed one day .
tr	I	Maybe that transcended to her personal appearance , as well , and the ocean had always been the place she was her happiest .
tr	I	Our family didn 't talk of it very much , and my teeth no longer chattered in fear no matter what I heard .
tr	O	我伸出手去拿那枚一角硬币，并且他轻轻地合上他的手，包住了我的手。
tr	I	She held it together , but her toes curled in her boots .
tr	O	我移到他身下，并且他的表情变得痛苦。
tr	O	冷空气冲了进来，并且我深吸了一口气。
tr	I	Just inside we could make out the gleaming nose of a Mark 6D Hawker Hunter and Topsy then flung open the end doors .
tr	O	我很高兴他这么做了，但是我对她很坦诚。
tr	I	It was as if you just disappeared , but I looked everywhere for you .
tr	O	我醒来，并且我很累。
tr	O	他把我转了一圈，并且我呜咽了一声。
tr	I	Then it grew , doubling in size , and it swallowed the wire like slurping a noodle , burped loudly .
tr	O	他吹哨叫他的猫头鹰，并且那只巨大的鸟从树上的栖木俯冲到他主人身边。
tr	O	我们亲吻了两颊，并且她一到就立刻离开了。
tr	O	他们正在登记姓名，并且我无所事事地闲逛着。
tr	O	巴里在该地区慢慢地成为了一个深夜饮酒的常客，并且他会在杀人后继续保持那种伪装以避免引起怀疑。
tr	O	他的眼睛不像之前那么冰冷了，然而它们仍然难以捉摸。
tr	O	它开始蠕动了，并且我尖叫起来，把那个黏滑的东西从我手上甩掉了。
tr	O	我讨厌离我上次见到凯德的地方越来越远，但是我明白在我尝试找到他的过程中地点毫无意义。
tr	I	I could tell she wasn 't happy to have to talk but she glanced at me .
tr	O	他的嘴唇紧绷了，但是他比一般的狼人聪明。
tr	I	I was starting to see that tiny blue flicker as a sign of connection , and the touch sparked gently .
tr	I	I don 't , but I could honestly play this game all night with her .
tr	I	It was just slightly too warm but the weather was a nearly perfect spring day .
tr	I	She couldn 't quite remember what it was , but she was sure she was doing something .
tr	O	我听到楼下的脚步声混杂着我姐姐房间里的声音，并且她砰地一声推开了我的门。
tr	I	While my finger was on the button it started to ring again , but I was about to open up the call log .
tr	O	白镴让她保持行动，但是它也压抑了她自然的疲劳。
tr	O	她姐姐是对的，但是她无法停止。
tr	I	It didn 't help that Ellie was scared to death of the dark and that seemed odd for a dream .
tr	O	他大喊，并且整个酒吧都沸腾了。
tr	I	Eric 's own frenzy was responding , but she tried to tamp it down .
tr	I	You 've got be more careful , but I don 't mind helping you !
tr	O	他的声音很低沉，但是我听到他的话倒吸了一口气。
tr	I	First they have to pay their lawyers , but they 'll pay you even more .
tr	I	I had just the right amount of makeup on , and my dark hair was blown straight .
tr	O	他想否认在玛丽眼中看到的现实，但是他从来不是一个会欺骗自己的人。
tr	I	It felt safe to open my eyes and my breathing was less shallow .
tr	I	He shook his head , but I explained this to Michael .
tr	I	I cupped it before slipping my fingers inside and my hand traveled down to her wet pussy .
tr	O	这个地方非常吵闹，然而她仍然能轻易地看到尼克。
tr	I	The cold air would fill his lungs , making him cough , but he tried to run .
tr	O	索尼娅张开嘴想说话，但是卡勒姆抢在她前面说了。
tr	O	马特不会说出来，但是她也真的吓到他了。
tr	I	I slap them away , but hands grope at me .
tr	O	她以为自己的眼睛是睁开的，但是她所能看到的只是刺眼的白光。
tr	O	他停顿了一下，但是她却没有。
tr	O	你是他的，并且我带走了你。
tr	O	我只需要向杰登解释发生了什么，并且他就会明白的。
tr	O	音乐一直都是我的避风港，而且在过去一年里它确实派上了大用场。
tr	I	Dust flew back at me , and I punched a cushion .
tr	O	他坚定地朝我走来，从未放慢脚步，并且我禁不住想知道他是否很匆忙。
tr	O	在那么多干草附近，手电筒会更安全，但是我爸爸既节俭又老派。
tr	I	Neither of us won , and we played three games .
tr	I	Rob knew she was thinking all the thoughts he 'd wanted her to avoid and she sat back .
tr	O	他是一个天才，但是他也是一个被浪费的天才。
tr	O	她曾是一朵带刺的玫瑰，但是一朵玫瑰。
tr	I	He wasn 't the only one , but Eli screamed .
tr	O	他喉咙里的紧绷感变得更难克服，但是他还是奋力抵抗了。
tr	I	The ﬁnal realization of his failure seemed to hit him , and the Lord Ruler cast his eyes down at the crowd .
tr	I	The pain faded too , and Ty 's eyes focused on the impossibly blue sky overhead as he felt himself slipping away .
tr	I	The incessant jarring had caused the layers of blankets to become tangled around her , but Cassie strained to right herself .
tr	I	Had almost cast her out of the house when she 'd finally told him she was pregnant and her dad was old school .
tr	I	He had his right hand resting high on the top of Hailey 's left thigh and Hailey had her arms wrapped around Tyler 's neck .
tr	I	Yet , I 'm not sure what to think about it , and I 'm so certain .
tr	I	My limbs still felt heavy but I could open my eyes .
tr	I	I mean it now and I meant it then .
tr	O	她咬了一口轻轻贴在她唇边的蛋糕，并且她所有的味蕾都彻底苏醒了过来。
tr	I	I never had the patience for such things , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	迈克把卡车开到了紧闭的门旁边，并且他们都从卡车里爬了出来。
tr	I	I still wasn 't convinced , but well I guess , in a way , it did make sense .
tr	O	当他们走到离入口10码以内时，它又闪烁了一次，并且就这样了。
tr	I	That is all , but he stirs , then groans .
tr	I	Maybe I had been wrong about the whole thing and most of the kids didn 't really notice me .
tr	I	Her hair was messy and her cheeks were flushed .
tr	I	The fear would seep into the castle , but no one would miss them .
tr	I	I force myself to enter the room to keep her from bolting off the floor , and Worry consumes her face .
tr	O	所需要的只是一次迅速的推动，并且车就会掉进水里，把他一起带走。
tr	I	Face the possibility of being turned away , and to turn up -- a complete stranger -- on the doorstep .
tr	I	He just watched , but some Dreams Do Come True At first I thought he was there to kill me .
tr	I	Her estimation of him shifted , but she couldn 't understand it .
tr	I	I know arguing with him is futile so I resign myself to my fate and his has his no nonsense tone .
tr	I	I sigh with impatience and he stays silent again .
tr	O	他是一个如此好的人，并且她却是纯粹的邪恶。
tr	O	我今天找了很多工作，并且我还要为和格雷格的约会做准备。
tr	O	我作为艺术家的地位是我自己赢得的，并且我不会用它去交换任何其他的。
tr	O	冯摘下了无边帽，而且她的金发散落出来。
tr	I	A little sadness flooded me and my fingers reflexively squeezed Roth 's as anger .
tr	O	抗议的话涌到我的舌尖，但是他是对的。
tr	O	我们聊了很多，而且你还没有好起来。
tr	I	His steward came forward , and he stomped out of the pasture .
tr	O	我能感觉到他的阴茎抵着我的入口，恳求进入，而且我想给他。
tr	O	斯利姆成了被开玩笑的对象，而且很明显他不喜欢。
tr	O	她的脸扭曲成一个歪嘴的笑容，并且她紧接着笑了。
tr	I	Jacob saw the massive sun that loomed before him , so close he could touch it and the movement spun the pair around slightly .
tr	O	她把手臂环绕在我的腰上，而且她的手滑进了我的后裤袋。
tr	O	我给了他地址，并且我们确定了时间。
tr	I	The jolt caused my hand to strike towards the trigger , and I almost jerked my gun upwards .
tr	O	她伸手去够一个玻璃柜，而且伊恩在突如其来的恐慌中抓住了她的手腕。
tr	O	他问我，但是有些不对劲。
tr	I	A small smile touched her lips and when I closed the door behind me her head shot up .
tr	O	空气很冷，并且她依偎着我颤抖。
tr	I	Peter would immediately demand to know whether his mother had liked them , and at dinner Dad would pass him a casserole dish of green beans .
tr	I	Pul ing him closer and Nick crawled onto the bed , wrapping Kelly 's hips in his arms .
tr	O	她下唇的嘴角藏在了牙齿后面，并且她的肩膀随着她话语的节奏弹跳了一下。
tr	I	Austin leaned back , accidentally knocking over her sand castle and the man took a step towards her .
tr	O	我们约会，而且她来这里看我。
tr	O	这不仅仅是性，但是他无法处理。
tr	O	卡拉怒视着西蒙，但是她的嘴唇在抽动。
tr	I	He seemed to notice odd details as he walked and the house was unnaturally quiet .
tr	I	It seemed to have what was important , but there was no other signage , not even a name .
tr	I	He has to be right , and Doc hinted about that once .
tr	O	那个女人总能让他感到炽热，并且这次并不是以一种好的方式。
tr	O	前一天晚上拉什一直在开会，并且她很早就休息了，因为一天劳累，在他到家前。
tr	O	他的目光扫向床垫，并且他的声音也柔和了下来。
tr	I	It was a singularly icy smile , but Sir smiled .
tr	I	All the while she held the barrel away from everyone , and I watched her holding the gun in one hand .
tr	O	我从她的眼中看到了，但是她却对此没有发表任何评论。
tr	I	It echoed through the small lobby , and I laughed loudly just imagining her saying that .
tr	I	He was on a mission , and Uncle Markov was in the building .
tr	I	She had not conceived of the things of which he was capable , but she had believed he was powerful .
tr	I	Stormy Weather would make it rain in L.A. and our version of Under My Skin would send Sinatra running .
tr	O	琵琶说我们可以在三天内收到抵抗组织的联系，但是第三天却慢慢地流逝到傍晚，没有任何人的踪影。
tr	I	Ralf had been forced to hunt him down , knowing his connections to the Silent Brothers , and Magnus was the only warlock who had come .
tr	O	我去找那个长痘痘的男孩，但是他却不在售票窗口。
tr	O	我告诉自己，如果他们还在我身边，我就会去，但是我知道即使那样我也不会去。
tr	I	His face is more round than square and he looks like the baby of all of them with darker blue eyes than Asher 's .
tr	O	很难看清烟雾后面，但是下面肯定有什么东西在移动。
tr	O	我无法相信艾薇和我创造了他，他是我的一部分。
tr	I	There was no way to take everything out of the bag once more to check it but he preferred the man 's anger to his amusement .
tr	O	她才离开了一天，但是她想念她的朋友。
tr	I	I jump and the urinal flushes .
tr	O	他不敢反抗，但是不评判这些邪恶的行为要难得多，难得多。
tr	O	我在这里的唯一原因就是通过那些考试，并且我甚至连那点都做不到。
tr	O	他被派往叶卡捷琳堡策划家族逃亡，三天前抵达，但是事态却以惊人的速度加速了。
tr	I	When his bare skin touched hers , the world seemed to stop spinning , and she rolled toward him .
tr	I	The lumpy cabin mattress and now all I want is something good to eat .
tr	O	她瞪着晃动的窗帘，并且我能看出她很暴躁。
tr	I	She couldn 't place her , but the Mage looked vaguely familiar .
tr	O	是的，她爱过这个男人，也许仍然爱他，但是他不适合她。
tr	O	每天都像在数着分分秒秒直到见到你，并且我想也许就在今天。
tr	I	It didn 't do much good but he splashed water on his face .
tr	O	我一直在尼克的住处花很多时间，更好地了解狼群和他。
tr	O	罗布差点噎住，并且杰克看起来也难以接受这个消息。
tr	O	他说得如此简单，言语寥寥，但是每一个字都饱含着如此深的情感。
tr	O	我是说我一边想着我的生殖器一边玩，并且我得了第二名。
tr	I	I was already carrying a decent load on my shoulders , but he had a point .
tr	O	弗朗茨没有问那是什么，但是他确实跟着她下楼了。
tr	O	它俯瞰着湖泊，并且我能清楚地看到那些船只。
tr	I	He 'd seen many like it in his day , but he hadn 't been to this particular establishment before .
tr	I	He 's a bit clumsy you know , and I left Rudolph in charge at the north pole .
tr	I	Even I could feel my eyes flashing with hostility , and I stared at Marcie .
tr	O	他的鼻尖碰到了她的，并且他笑了。
tr	O	操纵她本会是轻而易举的，并且她第二天可能甚至都不会记住这件事。
tr	I	Maybe it is that and at first I thought it was just feeling what others feel .
tr	O	宪法理论固然很好，但是严酷的现实是，如果国家没有领导者，它就无法长久生存。
tr	I	She seemed older by at least a decade but Rosa was twenty , maybe twenty-two at most .
tr	O	我的手臂冻僵了，并且我有点发抖。
tr	O	伊丽莎白只是惊讶于在自己没有意识到的情况下，竟然过去了这么长时间，但是与她的《影之书》沟通可能会有这种效果。
tr	I	How could she when her big fat lie had spiraled off in ways she 'd never planned , but she knew she needed to pull herself together ?
tr	I	My chest tighten and I felt it now , swelling inside of me , making my eyes tear .
tr	O	她以前从未感觉到枪抵在她的背上，但是这不可能是其他任何东西。
tr	O	他急于结束旅程，然而他却不希望它结束。
tr	O	她听不清加勒特对诺拉耳语了什么，但是从他们两人脸上的表情来看，事情一定很糟糕。
tr	I	It creaked on its rusty hinges and I finally opened the door slowly .
tr	O	这名死者当时四十多岁，而且那四十多年里的每一年都很艰难。
tr	O	吻变得更长了，并且伊迪向我靠得更近了。
tr	I	That was what mattered most of all to Nate , all of which made him smile , and mephistopheles was safe .
tr	I	Her eyes never blinked and her expression was earnest .
tr	I	She closed her eyes as he drew her against him , and the pride in his gaze glowed through her .
tr	I	Fate did not accord with justice , but he fought bravely against the usurper .
tr	O	打我够狠，所以我会反击。
tr	O	我从座位上松开，并且我向前迈步，从观察屏评估外面。
tr	O	我可以随心所欲地许愿，但是它永远不会改变我是谁。
tr	O	雪莉在打扫结束后离开了，并且凯特独自一人在家。
tr	O	她邀请我进去喝杯茶，并且我接受了。
tr	I	They 've been hunting partners for ten years , and Josh is married to Michael 's sister .
tr	O	我伸手去抓把手，但是杰米阻止了我。
tr	O	门几乎立刻就开了，并且威洛站在那里紧张地笑着。
tr	I	Echo couldn 't read what her mother was thinking , but a smile was on her face .
tr	O	没有月亮，并且星星很璀璨。
tr	I	You know that , but I used to dream that I could belong here .
tr	O	她的兄弟们修好了车，并且人们非常感激，以至于他们分享了所有的食物。
tr	I	Luke stopped him with a hand on his arm , but he half turned to climb back into his car .
tr	I	Her perfectly bowed mouth crooked up in a half grin and she blinked obscenely long lashes at me .
tr	I	He slipped his hand into her back pocket , pulling her close , and Sara settled in back at Rafe 's side .
tr	O	一丝嫉妒涌上心头，但是我压制住了它。
tr	I	He 'd put one through the inner ring , and once in a while he would get bored .
tr	O	那是寒冷的一天，预示着清晨会下雪，而且他能感觉到铁凳的寒冷通过鞋子渗上来。
tr	I	I felt like I was floating , and a deliciously warm feeling accompanied his words .
tr	I	Townsend seemed indifferent to the point , but I asked .
tr	O	邓肯告诉她他带她来这里是为了诱惑，而且她就在这里顺从了他。
tr	I	It 's possible but that 's deep .
tr	I	Hazel shot me a look , and he disappeared into his room .
tr	I	They will operate out of a backup HQ located on my estate and these will be their covert functions .
tr	O	她允许凯恩羞辱他，而且他的耻辱很快就会公开。
tr	I	Cass stopped me , but I tried .
tr	O	她大约是艾莱娜的年纪，然而她已经懂魔法了。
tr	O	在他看向我头后的窗户之前，我看到了他皱起的眉头，而且我意识到那不是一个该问的问题。
tr	O	他伸出手要和她握手，但是她只是盯着那只伸出的手。
tr	O	抽屉滑开了，并且他哥哥最喜欢的恐怖工具，一枚震荡手榴弹，被小心地塞在角落里。
tr	I	The tunnel went completely dark , and I did as he had ordered .
tr	I	He 'd killed women , and he 'd hit women .
tr	I	Looking at his big smiling face made it hard , but cassius tried to be mad .
tr	O	迈克尔与他迎面相撞，并且他们两人跌倒在墓碑上。
tr	I	Then she hardened , but she seemed saddened by the sight , almost compassionate .
tr	I	Some of those had other people in them , and there were lots of pictures of them together .
tr	I	She was becoming better at coping with it , or the pain was either fading day by day .
tr	O	黄先生正要开口说话，但是我却先说了出来。
tr	I	His eyes twinkled and his paper curled down .
tr	I	Lately Lewis had been demanding answers - no doubt jumping to commands from The Boss and it was their most mysterious form of behavior .
tr	I	We rode her to the hospital and the paramedics got there pretty fast .
tr	O	我男朋友没有手机，并且他通常也不需要。
tr	O	三十秒钟过去了，并且他什么也没听到。
tr	O	凯利讨厌被排除在外，并且他更讨厌对男朋友产生怀疑。
tr	I	That wasn 't saying much , but I did not recall his face .
tr	I	The crowd filled the silence with roaring applause , and the song ended .
tr	O	你的家人将要修复这个世界，并且这就是你将要开始的地方。
tr	O	我看到了我刚被录用时填写乔恩地址的地方，并且我皱起了脸。
tr	I	Things are dangerous for all of us right now , but I wish I 'd been able to save her .
tr	I	They all clearly went to school with her , but she didn 't recognize a lot of them .
tr	O	萨迪在我们身边呜咽，但是我告诉她我没事。
tr	I	Then I ran some more , and I just ran until I couldn 't breathe , until my legs hurt so bad I could hardly take it .
tr	O	我的膝盖突然感到无力，而且如果我没有抓住赛斯的手，我就会瘫坐在地上。
tr	O	三年过去了，但是人们记忆犹新。
tr	O	他翻下他的红外夜视镜，但是临时的照明让他们看到了一个令人不舒服的地下世界。
tr	O	他用手猛击混凝土墙，一次，两次，三次，但是蝙蝠的牙齿依然牢固。
tr	I	Mr. Marin was talking animatedly on his cell phone , but Hanna glanced at her dad 's car to her left , wishing he 'd overheard .
tr	I	Here I was drooling over hers and I had been mad because I thought my best friend was in love with my boyfriend .
tr	I	His grip slackened and his eyes widened .
tr	I	Her reprieve was short-lived but he released her hand .
tr	O	推土机将是最慢的，但是我们需要它来清理穿过树林到小溪边的一块地方。
tr	O	他指向船头前方，并且布伦特设法抢在所有人之前到达那里亲眼查看。
tr	O	哈特里面一定穿着什么东西，但是如果真是那样，那东西相当薄。
tr	O	一看到他，我的心就漏跳了一拍，并且我转身检查我在玄关镜子里的倒影。
tr	O	我想大哭一场，因为我知道那样会让我感觉好些，但是我无法强迫眼泪流出来。
tr	I	I breathed out , glancing around and we 'd reached the cool street .
tr	O	这似乎是件相当冒失的事，但是他让它显得如此自然，以至于一点也不觉得是侵犯。
tr	O	史蒂文走向门口，但是朱莉的声音阻止了他。
tr	I	I stared at her and my mouth dropped open .
tr	I	Other than that , he looks fine , but the cut on his lower lip hasn 't healed properly yet .
tr	O	那一刻一切都向我袭来，并且我突然间绝望地想家了。
tr	O	她父亲可能拆散了他们的婚姻，但是他给了卢卡斯两百万美元。
tr	O	她的一缕头发撩拨着她的嘴唇，并且她把它拂开了。
tr	I	I soon realized what they were doing : regaining their strength , but at first I thought they were being selfish .
tr	O	附近树木的树枝在微风中摇曳，并且远处传来隆隆的车声。
tr	O	他懂那些话，但是那些话并不是用他所知的任何语言说出来的。
tr	I	In the process , she 'd nearly humiliated herself in front of dozens of people , but she 'd finally pieced together yesterday 's puzzle .
tr	I	I understand they are very fierce fighters , and it is a great coup : a vastly different breed .
tr	I	He knew it had upset both of them , and an immortal only lost a child if there was a genetic flaw , something that was rare .
tr	O	奥托参加了能力测试，但是他不够好。
tr	I	The neighborhood was blanketed in thick , white snow , and snowflakes were falling more heavily .
tr	O	他们都会在教堂见面，并且他会在祭坛前牵着新娘玛格丽特的手。
tr	O	我没有回到遮蔽处，但是很有可能我确实在一个地牢里。
tr	I	I wondered what I was going to see and I felt myself slipping into her mind .
tr	I	I could only fear what they might be capable of , and most of them had already trained their vast array of weapons on us .
tr	I	I knew he was still going to unleash on me but I 'd texted him that I 'd taken a drive after my run .
tr	I	It paid off and they decided to take a chance with him .
tr	I	Her voice was almost a whisper , and she said .
tr	O	我记得文尼在为我收集一些信息，并且我们还没有机会讨论它。
tr	I	She was just hiding something all along or I don 't know if she was having a breakdown .
tr	I	I sprinted into the kitchen and the sound of Simon 's key in the front door brought me back from my thoughts .
tr	I	Now he wanted to be at the club , but Sabin had wanted to be at the cemetery .
tr	O	也许我错了，并且我们注定不会在一起。
tr	I	What the Irishman said made sense , but Sal didn 't like taking orders .
tr	O	西蒙有一个，并且本尼有两个。
tr	O	他们很亲近，并且她为她妹妹做了所有事。
tr	O	过去的几天过去了，但是它们去得不情不愿。
tr	O	他伸手去抓她，但是她已经急忙爬过床了。
tr	O	斯皮德注意到颠簸已经停止了，但是货舱里尖叫的喧闹声仍在继续。
tr	O	他取回了急救箱，并且我对他皱眉。
tr	I	It wasn 't off to a great start , but she really wanted to build a relationship with Nathan .
tr	O	他们两人表情严肃地互相凝视，并且艾伦斩钉截铁地摇了几次头。
tr	I	She 'd come back with Shira one day soon and she 'd just make note of the shops nearby .
tr	I	They were too busy not taking care of her , and he was too busy with taking care of Mom .
tr	I	She released her eyelids , and her phone vibrated .
tr	I	The speaker shut up and Will snorted in derision .
tr	O	母猫生了小猫，并且当我建议我们把它们移走时，莉兹歇斯底里了。
tr	I	I clamped them shut , but my lips parted .
tr	I	Getting money just because I 'm his girlfriend seems wrong , but my broken brain is okay with being paid for sex .
tr	I	We watched the sun go down , and I had my arm around her .
tr	I	Tammie Lee had set out a lovely floral arrangement , but she 'd had visions of her daughter-in-law 's centerpiece being prepared by a taxidermist .
tr	O	喷气机开始下降，并且萨曼莎朝窗外瞥了一眼。
tr	I	His lips were pressed together as well , and his grip on her arm was tighter than necessary .
tr	I	Her eyes fluttered , and she rolled over .
tr	I	His warm breath on my clit made my body tingle and his voice was raspy .
tr	I	If I hadn 't felt humiliated enough before , now I wanted to die , and wild applause filled the air .
tr	I	They all could use a few hours rest and no one had slept well on the plane .
tr	I	Fear was the main emotion I saw , but glancing over at him , there was a little bit of excitement on his face .
tr	O	我们有一个正在奶瓶喂养的婴儿，并且他很可爱。
tr	I	Soon a flustered young girl entered , and there was a sudden motion at the front of the tent .
tr	I	Amira accepted it graciously , but the bread had gone a little stale .
tr	O	他们认为法律被违反了，并且不应有任何通融。
tr	I	It was from her memory we were running and she died in a car accident two years ago .
tr	I	It will strengthen , but the blood isn 't very strong within him .
tr	O	他很猜疑，而且我猜他正在想我为什么突然变成了一个模范病人。
tr	I	I couldn 't seem to stop myself , but I knew I was starting to ramble on .
tr	I	She lowered her face into her hands , and his words seemed to release her emotions .
tr	I	I did but not how he meant and Terry believed I loved you still .
tr	O	阿兰喜欢住在缅因州的海岸边，而且像这样的早晨让他想起了原因。
tr	O	我朝两边看，但是没有看到他。
tr	O	他闭上眼睛，并且他的手指在琴弦上快速移动。
tr	O	这里的事情平静多了，并且我不像几个月前那么生气了。
tr	O	也许艾什莉做得比汉娜预期的更过分了一些，但是感到这样的嫉妒是很愚蠢的。
tr	I	A white light shot out , hitting him in the chest , and he said Leo pointed his finger at Benny .
tr	O	艾比发现自己向他们讲述城市生活，并且他们反过来告诉她海湾的生活。
tr	I	Bliss took her time , longer even than normal , but every girl that exited gave me a knowing smile .
tr	O	我就是我，我习惯掌控一切，并且这种情况完全失控了。
tr	I	We turned around , the new trousers a perfect fit and he cleared his throat .
tr	O	我曾经太看重它了，但是现在我把它抛弃了。
tr	I	I also never wanted this feeling to end , but I wanted more .
tr	I	When the next pain hit , she forgot everything else , and no one answered her .
tr	O	她感觉到我手心的坚硬时笑了，并且我在把她推回地上之前对她笑了笑。
tr	O	他发现自己与一个特别难以捉摸的幽灵面对面，并且伴随着一声猛烈的嚎叫，他将手杖朝其方向挥去。
tr	O	我们四个人沿着人行道走，并且当我们到达车道时，沃尔特把伞递给了珍娜。
tr	O	汽笛声减弱了，并且火车隆隆驶入车站。
tr	I	His words alone left her breathless , yet he said the sight of her robbed him of breath .
tr	I	Everyone else in the house was asleep , and it was after 10 pm .
tr	I	It pushed me over the edge , and my mom 's laugh carried up the stairs .
tr	I	They tried to make my life hell , and her friends knew about it .
tr	O	她做出了积极回应，并且他们缓慢地走向马车。
tr	I	Her cheeks glowed , and Raina glanced at Eric .
tr	I	He looked up at the ceiling and his eyes opened .
tr	O	我不会深入细节，但是我不确定原因。
tr	O	除了找到萨莎，其他都无关紧要。
tr	O	他的笑容非常友善，并且我喜欢他的红发。
tr	I	Sadness comes with knowing so much , and I think it 's because he 's so smart .
tr	I	My heart was a barren wasteland cloaked in winter , and both dragons lay dead .
tr	I	She had no intention of waking Tug , but the minute he left , Claire went to the pay phone in the alcove where the restrooms were .
tr	I	It 's probably a terrible idea to even go down that road , but William has asked me for a proposal , a business proposal .
tr	I	We could move forward and Mia was calming down .
tr	O	他的嘴唇向下移过她的脖颈来到她的乳房，他轻轻咬住了她坚硬的乳头，并且她又发出了一声呻吟。
tr	O	只有一个足够强大能冲破表面，并且那一个有一位强大的先知作为盟友。
tr	O	他们承诺永远相爱，但是悲剧将他们撕裂。
tr	O	帕奇会被送入地狱，并且我可以慢慢开始重建我的生活。
tr	O	她出现了并发症，并且我让她卧床休息。
tr	O	他了解这座城市，并且你懂英语。
tr	I	She wasn 't surprised Devlin had noticed her fatigue and the pain hadn 't gotten any better .
tr	I	Grant 's children jump out and he enters through the window .
tr	O	门立刻开了，并且他能听到萨曼莎在浴室里。
tr	I	The low rumble of his voice revealed the depth of his approval but there was an element of surprise .
tr	I	I knew that she was in control of her sexuality but strangely enough the same considerations could be applied to my tryst with Maria .
tr	I	I didn 't know , but it pained me to admit .
tr	O	约翰尼可以，但是这样做的愿望是完全不同的事情。
tr	I	Slowly I found myself standing firmly on the ground , and we found ourselves now passing into the town itself .
tr	I	The rest of her was freaked out that he 'd completely ignored her armor , but part of her reveled in it .
tr	O	她开始出汗，但是她的脸色苍白。
tr	O	你可能已经忘记了，或者你可能是入侵者！
tr	O	他的臀部向前一挺，并且她瞬间被填满。
tr	O	他内心有什么东西被搅动了，并且他对前妻的愤怒又回来了。
tr	I	It was too late , but I screamed .
tr	O	这确实很恶心，但是这总比被吃掉好。
tr	O	他的整个梦想变成了一场噩梦，并且他想找回他的梦想。
tr	I	They were forced to the end of the line and the line had closed where they were standing .
tr	O	我把纸条翻过来，并且我发现了一个电话号码。
tr	O	她的眼睛看起来很疲惫，并且她的头发乱糟糟的。
tr	I	She glances at each of them and we all produce our licenses .
tr	O	我被困在一个会议里，而且等我能脱身打电话给你的时候，我知道你已经去工地了。
tr	O	狗又给了麦克一个狗狗吻，并且他开心地大笑起来，把它紧紧抱在怀里。
tr	I	He smiles when I sit down next to him , but Jack keeps staring at the lake .
tr	O	我努力让我的声音洪亮，但是说出来的话却变成了耳语。
tr	I	I cannot stop loving you either but I cannot be married to you .
tr	I	I saw nothing , but desperately I searched all three brothers for any sign that they were still alive .
tr	O	我累了，而且我只想找到斯特凡，这样我们就能离开了。
tr	I	This time the little girl is faster , but he tries to steal it away again .
tr	I	My mouth filled with a brackish taste , and a rhythmic beat pounded in my ear .
tr	O	达蒙的表情变得严肃起来，并且他看起来有点不安。
tr	O	你是我的创造者，但是我却是你的主人。
tr	O	她的丈夫刚刚出门了，并且我给她花瓶里装满了为他带来的白色雏菊准备的清水。
tr	I	He kept his close at hand , and smartphones were good .
tr	O	如果你不介意的话，我觉得约翰尼和我应该私下谈谈。
tr	O	她对我笑了笑，但是我仍然能看出她很犹豫。
tr	O	他们批准了她挽救他们工作的计划，但是这并不意味着她负责整个行动。
tr	O	门开了，并且诺娜走了进来。
tr	I	As a reader you will probably re-read it to make sure you missed nothing , and a mouthful of words , I know .
tr	O	接下来的几个房间都是空的，并且最后一个通向曾经是仓库的地板。
tr	O	她用她的胡闹下了挑战书，并且他和其他人一样有竞争力。
tr	I	It was twenty to three when Charlie settled down to read his mystery and they lingered over their wine .
tr	I	She put a ball into it instead , and I held out my hand to shake .
tr	O	他伸出手，并且他们像朋友一样握了握手。
tr	I	Maybe Cameron had ordered something , but she wasn 't expecting anything .
tr	I	I 'm struck by his green eyes , and he looks sidelong at me .
tr	O	我以为艾瑞斯可能会说些什么，为自己的行为辩护，但是她只是开车。
tr	O	他是个猎人，族群里最棒的，并且这就是他一直在等待的时刻。
tr	I	I 'm going crazy here by myself and I feel fine .
tr	I	Then it had been too late to change his story , and maybe he 'd just plain believed that he could beat this thing .
tr	O	他是个聪明的战士，并且他知道何时该逃跑。
tr	I	Valeria quickly slid back to the ropes , but Lea knew that she would cause more damage , so she threw a right hook .
tr	O	缀着金丝的白色翅膀猛然展开，并且赛恩消失在空中。
tr	I	Maybe I did , but I don 't think I made it up .
tr	I	He wasn 't certain why it would be , and catching the glimpse of another man in her mind had been a shock .
tr	O	他的脖子微微弓起，但是他强迫自己放松身体。
tr	I	I was happy and Life was pretty good .
tr	O	她在身后喊道，但是他已经离开了。
tr	O	鲁比感到空虚，并且我不确定自己能否好好处理这一切。
tr	O	她等了一会儿，但是没有动静。
tr	O	我把婴儿抱起来，并且罗宾接过他，把他抱在胸前。
tr	I	All I can think is , Not again not again not again , and I thrash against them , struggling with the fabric covering my face .
tr	O	我的心跳得飞快，并且我不断检查是否有边缘的任何迹象。
tr	O	在某些地狱般的圈子里，与天使在一起可能很奇怪，但是在我们这个群体中，这已经变得相当普遍了。
tr	I	I knew that neither of us was going to get much sleep tonight and I could feel the desire building already .
tr	O	我不笨，并且我也天真无邪。
tr	O	这是我擅长的，并且我应得的。
tr	I	Things will be set in motion , and at that point we will announce the marriage .
tr	I	I don 't know what will happen when I throw this switch , and I don 't know why Danvers ' virus didn 't affect us .
tr	O	麦迪逊向汉娜问了更多关于她自己的问题，并且汉娜编造了更多细节。
tr	O	女巫倒在地板上，并且伊兹从她身上跨过去。
tr	I	They wouldn 't believe me , but I tried to inform them that you weren 't being harmed .
tr	O	迈恩斯很痛，但是她需要一些高价值分数。
tr	O	她离开并非因为我，但是不知怎的，我总觉得我们的友谊再也无法回到从前了。
tr	O	黑暗对西莉亚很友好，遮掩了她许多的不足，但是却无法掩盖她声音中自私的任性。
tr	I	She placed a smile on her face and Charlotte 's pride rose to the surface .
tr	O	索菲听到她母亲的话后心如死灰，并且她父亲醉酒的触碰也丝毫没有温暖这份寒冷。
tr	O	现在毫无疑问他是在嘲笑我，但是我不明白为什么。
tr	O	当我们听她讲话时，我周围的几个人也跟着我笑起来，但是她很快就让我们在笑声中冒出了汗。
tr	O	他的手指反射性地收紧抵住她的肋骨，并且他必须集中精力才没有折断它们。
tr	I	The residents don 't need extensive medical care , and this isn 't a nursing home .
tr	I	Richard was just weird and his dad was creepy .
tr	O	梅林急匆匆地离开了房间，但是她却几乎没有理会他。
tr	O	他的能量会立即引起狼人的警觉，并且他会捅了马蜂窝。
tr	O	他把脸凑得离窗户太近了，并且他的呼吸把玻璃弄模糊了。
tr	O	他们有着相同的目标，而且不和只会让他们分心。
tr	O	我的大脑在说一件事，但是我的心在说另一件事。
tr	O	会议开始已经过去了十五分钟，但是什么也没讨论。
tr	I	The champagne was beginning to feel good , and the color had returned to his face .
tr	O	快感让我弓起背，再次压向怀尔德，但是他现在感觉更大了。
tr	O	我很想把今天这个字面上的失误归咎于任何人，但是大部分的责任在我身上。
tr	O	萨沙张开了嘴，但是彼得森打断了她。
tr	I	I dropped easily to my feet , sliding down his back , and he released my knees .
tr	O	他的自尊心受挫了，但是他会好好待她。
tr	O	她的肺部渴望空气而灼痛，并且她甚至没有意识到。
tr	O	咆哮声变得更响亮，那是扭曲世界愤怒的呐喊，但是它仍然无法掩盖来自下方的尖叫声。
tr	I	Flung the door shut and he clenched his jaws .
tr	O	她的目光带着挫败的怒视扫向他，但是她接过饮料，小心翼翼不碰到他的手指。
tr	I	She leaned back against his chest and his voice was close to her ear .
tr	I	Now , I heard them as if they were in the room with me , but I didn 't hear them before .
tr	I	Johan grabbed his shirt , pulling him closer under cover and he sprawled in the dirt .
tr	I	I cringe , slumping to the floor behind the bed and Kenji laughs .
tr	I	It was a lot of fun to have everyone at the table , and our meal was fantastic .
tr	O	杰森不知道这件事，但是她是某种变形者。
tr	I	He hoped to be a good mate , and he 'd been a good alpha .
tr	O	我试着问亚历克斯，但是他也不知道。
tr	I	Their conversation continued as if they were the oldest of friends and Philip had chosen to sit next to John .
tr	O	它现在挂在我的手肘旁，并且诺克斯伸手去解开我的胸罩罩杯，释放我的乳房。
tr	I	The teachers never notice , and I do that at school too .
tr	I	I froze in fear , unable to move , unable to blink , unable to breathe and he walked up to my cupboard .
tr	I	I started to back away slowly and his face grew red .
tr	I	The poor bloke pulled down his pants , but Christian should have given Duncan a hand instead of laughing .
tr	I	I just can 't say I saw someone I didn 't , but of course , they want it to be all buttoned up .
tr	I	The glow started to spread through the liquid , more concentrated in some places than others and he stirred vigorously .
tr	I	The man had gone , and Viktor blinked .
tr	I	Every airman was clear on his task and the briefing had been straightforward enough .
tr	O	他们会派人来检查，而且我确信那不是好事，是应该避免的。
tr	I	He had the sinking feeling that his luck was running out , but maybe it was irrational , maybe he was superstitious .
tr	O	他走近了一步，并且我退缩了。
tr	I	Hunter gave a few more tips to some of the guys and we spent another hour at the gym .
tr	O	他吻了我，并且感觉很好。
tr	I	She quickly brought me my knapsack and I motioned for Hecate .
tr	O	她说我需要一个爸爸，并且你需要一个男人。
tr	O	他们试图用酷刑击垮他，但是他是个老人，一个习惯保守秘密的人。
tr	I	I couldn 't do it sat on old newspapers cuddling a bath toy , and I had to save Penelope .
tr	I	It was going much too fast for that , but at first he thought it was an approaching storm .
tr	O	她在车里没怎么说话，看着窗外来往的车辆，并且贾斯汀也不想闲聊。
tr	I	I suspected there was a strong drink in her very near future , and she lounged languidly on her couch .
tr	O	他示意我进去，并且我试图考虑我的选择。
tr	O	他穿着一套浅灰色西装，并且一缕黑发垂在他的额头上。
tr	I	Not to be denied and the gesture was imperious .
tr	O	我可能爱过很多东西，但是正是和她在一起我才找到了真爱。
tr	I	The boys shoved at me as though we were playing a game and by now all the village had woken .
tr	O	这是一种和他分手的好办法，但是我 Knew那是一种逃避这段关系的懦弱方式。
tr	I	He soaked up the technology like a sponge and it was all amazing to him .
tr	I	Slung it over one shoulder and McCormick picked up a shovel .
tr	I	Her anger grew with every second and she went on to examine his wound .
tr	I	She realized she was breathing in cold air , and there was a hand on her arm suddenly .
tr	I	We both knew it and he was right .
tr	O	我的胃里翻腾着，并且我集中所有精力来忍住不吐。
tr	I	It seemed so far away now , and it was all so surreal when it was happening .
tr	I	Her focus slipped even more , and she thought of Henry lost to her .
tr	O	我本可以为你节省一些时间，但是你从未问过我关于鲍曼的事。
tr	O	切斯特还在睡觉，并且我松了一口气。
tr	I	We 're not sure exactly where it ends but we 're assuming that Flaherty is working for Callahan .
tr	I	He was right , and substitute pizza boxes .
tr	O	瑞安伸出手，并且她紧紧抓住它。
tr	O	空中交通畅通无阻，但是地面上车辆拥堵。
tr	O	他是个好孩子，但是仍然乳臭未干。
tr	O	这与这是你的土地无关，并且她甚至可能还没死。
tr	I	He shook his head , but I started to get to my feet .
tr	I	Nolen had not bothered him in days , but he had grown fearful of a knock .
tr	I	I was sure it was due in part to the fact the guns on Morro were being manned and he seemed relaxed .
tr	O	我带了一些苹果，并且马爱吃苹果。
tr	I	We turn , our clothing at our feet and she points behind us .
tr	O	枪声回荡，并且一只僵尸倒在了屋顶上。
tr	O	当你醒来时，我们在此过程中会更进一步，并且届时我们再多谈。
tr	I	I swore that his eyes looked slightly misty , and Mr. Thorne looked up from the table again .
tr	O	我们现在是一道神光，并且那会让一切失衡。
tr	O	这里的几乎每个男人都为泰南流过血，然而仍不足以拯救托尔。
tr	O	他对着她发出一声粗哑的呻吟，并且他的手紧紧抓住她的大腿，仿佛他忘了自己。
tr	I	He soon found that he could stand , but every part of him protested .
tr	O	他们疾驰了一小段时间，并且马特在下一个转角处让他们慢了下来，举起一只手。
tr	I	I groped around until I found his hand , and hermes lay beside me .
tr	I	Yet , he came back for me ... and he said that I 'm a slave , a thing for Soul Reapers .
tr	I	Suddenly she pulled away , and he licked her lip , tasted , sucked .
tr	O	椒盐卷饼在我口中变得干涩，并且我觉得我可能会被它噎住。
tr	I	I could tell easily from how he looked at me and he didn 't really love me , to be honest .
tr	O	没有人想到要提供一个wa，并且他们似乎对肢体语言视而不见。
tr	O	我用绷带包扎了他的躯干，并且爱丽丝给他洗了澡。
tr	O	凯尔西什么也没说，但是她看起来不相信他们。
tr	O	奥利维亚听到他的话呻吟了一声，并且他把嘴移开了。
tr	I	Instead of his desk there was a huge dark brown oak wardrobe , and a crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling instead of a ceiling fan .
tr	I	The turbulence suddenly disappeared , and the wavering plane dropped lower between the berms .
tr	I	For now , she 's mine but her powers will return soon enough .
tr	I	We 'll meet at the inn , and I 'll give Grace a call .
tr	I	That hadn 't stopped him from almost losing his objectivity over a woman he barely knew , but it may have been cold as hell out there .
tr	O	我没认出他来，但是他肯定不是莱利。
tr	I	Dryden , the butler , stared at her with a peculiar look of relief and as she pondered that , the door opened .
tr	O	她的手臂吊着绷带，并且她脸上的瘀伤已经褪成了病态的黄绿色。
tr	I	The ghouls will kill everyone , and pull that trigger .
tr	I	She reached into her bag and her grips of Dante 's hair loosen .
tr	O	大多数人不会认为那是一种魔法能力，但是能够魅惑别人并不是一件小事。
tr	O	沃勒咕哝了一声，并且他的抓握松开了。
tr	O	马特摇着头，并且斯特凡环顾着走廊。
tr	I	Everyone was in place and a few minutes passed .
tr	O	我身下的一股热浪引起了我的注意，但是来自 Skimmer 的尖锐嘶鸣声让我感到不安。
tr	I	As she moved the limb , her fingertips touched tiny wounds ... wounds that felt like teeth marks , but Della pushed the arm away .
tr	I	You never knew with these places , but I couldn 't remember seeing one .
tr	O	丹克确实和乐队一起唱过歌，但是他不常和他们在一起。
tr	O	她的问题让我措手不及，并且我立刻试图让它变得正常。
tr	I	I know why he was really here , but he said he was stopping by to return the gloves I loaned Amanda .
tr	I	They didn 't support me , but my feet touched the ground .
tr	O	她也很可爱，并且我是一个健康的男人。
tr	O	这种对她过去的漫长回顾难以承受，但是他不敢再用问题催促她。
tr	I	She was a great best friend , but CHAPTER 26 Jasmine was so green with jealousy .
tr	O	他有自己的精锐卫队，以及维护首都的士兵，但是他也正在从全国各地招募人手。
tr	I	I could not stop it , but I recognized what was happening .
tr	O	我能感觉到怒火正在那些眼睛后面升腾，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	Our marriage collapsing , but we 'd gotten along like this for many years , living in quiet desperation , our kids content enough .
tr	I	His boyish grin appeared and it seemed to please him .
tr	O	他也知道过去两年特别艰难，并且他真的帮助我度过了难关。
tr	O	每个人都很特别，并且这让世界变得非常有趣。
tr	I	They would find it at the police station , and there must be another answer .
tr	O	她想尖叫，但是她决定放弃。
tr	I	I surprised her anyway , but we didn 't really have the money for the tickets .
tr	O	布莱恩指着一把椅子，并且布鲁诺坐了下来，伸手去拿布莱恩放在他桌上的硬薄荷糖罐。
tr	I	A large room appeared , and she opened her eyes .
tr	O	她打电话，并且霍华德赶去见她。
tr	I	The man showed no signs of stopping and he was already at six seconds .
tr	O	她知道审问即将来临，并且她需要在卡西审问她之前振作起来。
tr	O	他努力不叹气，但是他情不自禁。
tr	O	这种调料不如她自己做的好，但是它还算过得去。
tr	I	I can 't think where I might have seen it , but however , it is vaguely familiar .
tr	O	她抬头看了一眼屏幕，并且与此同时她把脚踩下了按钮。
tr	O	当我想到你依偎在他怀里时，我气得要抓狂，并且我确实发作了。
tr	I	Riley recognized the biggest , and there were also other wards .
tr	I	Now she would forget about it , and she 'd come through this incident safely .
tr	I	The one she was on seemed freaking huge as she tried to steady it , and she 'd never ridden a motorcycle in her life .
tr	O	他们的努力终于得到了回报，并且一条巨大的鲨鱼咬住了其中一个鱼钩。
tr	O	在我上班之前，这一切都必须准备好，并且我现在就要去上班了。
tr	O	他想起了那时的求饶，并且弗兰克林听到枪械上膛的清晰咔哒声时，膀胱是如何因恐惧而排空的。
tr	I	He still glanced up at me occasionally like the animal he was , but his body was feasting more hungrily than Foot 's was .
tr	I	Her mouth dropped open and she raised her head from her instrument .
tr	I	The elegant woman looked snooty , and Janice looked a little startled .
tr	O	你确实知道我可以因你非法闯入而在你所站之处惩罚你，但是我发现我今天心情好奇特。
tr	O	我已经耗尽了我所有的自然魔法来抵挡她，但是我仍然有储藏在我蜘蛛符文中的备用能量。
tr	O	路上没有其他车辆需要担心，并且这辆小汽车的前轮驱动轮胎一次也没有打滑。
tr	I	Relief swept across his face as he glanced at the screen , and he slid his phone out of the pocket of his jeans .
tr	O	我搜查了抽屉找衣服，发现盖伯的妹妹和我的品味相似。
tr	I	He 'd at least try , or he 'd talk to Scott .
tr	O	撕裂声变成了巨大的折断声，并且倾斜的树随后轰然倒地。
tr	O	农民必须在春天播种，或者冬天就没有食物。
tr	O	剑确实击中了要害，但是却没有将他击倒。
tr	I	He nodded , and Recognition sparked in his dark eyes .
tr	O	由我，鱼儿学会游泳，鹿儿学会跳跃，并且鸟儿学会飞翔。
tr	O	现在我属于迷雾，并且你属于人类位面。
tr	O	真子将塔比莎放在她怀里，并且她紧紧抱着婴儿贴在胸前，仿佛是自己的孩子。
tr	O	我花了四个痛苦的苦工时，但是我还是把它完成了。
tr	O	一旦我们的身体找到那种完美的结合，我们便同时呻吟，并且突然间就进入了状态。
tr	I	I stumbled , tripping , and Everything was dark again .
tr	O	她赢了，并且她知道。
tr	I	We didn 't see anyone for quite a while and our closest neighbor was about a mile away .
tr	O	她迷路了，并且她来了。
tr	I	I 'd ducked out on her more times than I could count , but Violet wouldn 't have left me alone at a party .
tr	I	He was on fire , but he 's a dragon .
tr	O	她还有很多话想说，但是如果她坚持下去，他只会变得不愉快。
tr	O	无论他服用了什么，他差点死了，并且我差点没帮到他。
tr	O	我做的第一件事就是用目光扫视周围，并且我的手伸向背后，摸向我的枪。
tr	I	Then she was motionless , and her head hit the floor with an echoing thud .
tr	O	你会让拉特利奇失去平衡，并且我们会需要这一点。
tr	I	It was more spread out but the shanty town was probably the size of Aegis itself .
tr	O	有一刻，她希望自己搭乘了晚一点的航班，但是她想早点回去，因为明天课程就恢复了。
tr	I	It upset Evie that he had no one with him , and he stared into space , his eyes fixed in terror .
tr	I	We 're all thrown physically in all directions and Electric light blasts into the aluminum tunnel wall .
tr	O	他可能知道她的感受，但是知道是一回事，被宣告出来又是另一回事。
tr	I	There was no royalty in America and she was half American .
tr	I	She needed to know it before he proposed , and he knew , however , that Alyssa needed to know the truth .
tr	I	The coldness to his tone scared her , but she hadn 't meant for her voice to come like a whisper .
tr	I	Her heels were high and the ottoman was low .
tr	O	马多克斯盯着他看，并且雷耶斯点了点头。
tr	O	记者们几乎在她公寓外安营扎寨了，并且尽管她从未和他们说过话，这都无关紧要了。
tr	I	I can 't even look at him , and My Dad gets angry .
tr	I	Again to wear her hair down and he 'd told her time .
tr	O	我点了点头，加入了他们，并且我们拥抱了。
tr	I	Her eyes dropped , shielding whatever she felt from Cole 's sight and Gemma couldn 't look at him .
tr	I	I saw the woman from earlier , and behind them came the Mohawk prisoners .
tr	O	她的目光找到了我，并且她的脸上掠过一丝希望。
tr	I	My father popped into my head and I allowed my thoughts to run freely .
tr	I	That was a good thing , and Michael 's bedroom was on the first floor .
tr	O	我的目光转向约瑟夫，为了那最后一点，并且我看到他明显地退缩时，冷冷地笑了。
tr	O	他的声音太大了，并且我从他身边挪开了。
tr	O	我偷看过去，并且是的，他正盯着呢。
tr	I	She had a mean crick in her neck , and her ass was numb from sitting so long .
tr	I	They 'd be tardy or the first bell of the morning rang to warn students to get to class in sixty seconds .
tr	O	不幸的是，心中有更大一部分感到愤怒、嫉妒，并且他越是想到托马斯独自和阿兰娜在一起，情况就越糟。
tr	O	他将要战斗的悬崖岩架很容易找到，并且它有一层厚厚的草可以用来掩护。
tr	I	He was waving his one free hand in dramatic gestures and his face was flushed .
tr	O	只需要几个月，就像医生说的，并且也许那时药物就能起足够的作用让我进行那次手术了。
tr	I	I knew she was right about my appearance , but I couldn 't grasp it enough to see what she was thinking .
tr	O	我爱你，并且你爱我。
tr	O	她的恐惧明显消散了，并且他叹了口气，将倒在他怀里的爱人抱住。
tr	O	他掌控了控制权，但是他没有试图操纵着到达门口，他决定射击开路会更快。
tr	O	她在我生命中出现的时间不长，但是我想念她。
tr	O	警卫们会有一份目击报告，但是它过于间接。
tr	O	我不知道警察会待多久，并且在白天把这头野兽拖回家也不是一个选择。
tr	O	她一个接一个地打开抽屉寻找工具抽屉，但是里面什么也没有。
tr	O	他与我对视，并且我意识到他正在看着我。
tr	O	没有思想，并且也没有声音。
tr	I	They surely aren ´ t from my world and they ´ re all like this .
tr	O	我不情愿地打开它们，并且他用手撑着，对我微笑。
tr	I	I will never be able to get those 10 years back and I lost 10 years with Jake .
tr	I	I needed to remove the pod before anyone else arrived , but Daniel , Sorry , I had to take off on you .
tr	I	That would be unkind , but dolores wanted to laugh .
tr	O	她蹒跚地走向一扇小阁楼窗户，跨过一个室友和一个陌生人。
tr	O	我能看出那是拉莫斯侦探想问的下一个问题，但是她很专业。
tr	I	It was kind of funny to watch his face as he ate and Ryder was the only one who hadn 't yet sampled what Sloane could cook .
tr	O	所以没有火花，但是你们以前是纯粹的朋友，对吧？
tr	I	It wouldn 't be cool , but he understood the impulse that drove Nick to want to plant his fist in the preppy men 's faces .
tr	O	她呼出一口气，但是他知道她在笑。
tr	I	I hold him back , but Tobias is about to open the exit door .
tr	O	我试图看电影，但是却总是发现自己在看他。
tr	I	There 's no better hill to die on than this one , and eventually I 'm going to have to shut her down .
tr	O	我二十三岁，并且我是一名尊巴教练。
tr	O	他现在是一只咆哮抓挠的动物，并且她正在和他搏斗。
tr	I	His heart wasn 't really in it either , but Simon suggested .
tr	I	Overall , I felt relieved , but my heart was still pounding .
tr	I	Then she went still , and tremors wracked her from head to foot for several minutes .
tr	O	他们想让她提前一年，但是她不想离开她的朋友们。
tr	O	牛顿的脸气得发紫，但是他控制住了。
tr	O	荒谬这个词在克莱德思考这个荒唐的发现时浮现在脑海，或者好笑可能才是正确的词。
tr	I	Her frantic gaze immediately found Mark and she pushed through the door to Lounge B .
tr	O	他走到一个隐蔽处，并且从那里观察人群。
tr	I	He looked as livid as Agent Vargas , and his arms were crossed over his chest .
tr	I	I did not afford her the level of attention she was demanding of me , but she was correct .
tr	I	It dawns on him that I 've taken what he said out of context and he laughs when he sees the hesitation on my face .
tr	I	I felt more than my share of crazy , and I knew I looked terrible .
tr	O	我练习得很努力，但是我就是不够好，无法成功。
tr	O	我记得我的第一场打斗持续了很久，而且有更多的花招被用来试图击败我。
tr	I	The scuttlebutt collected from around the harbor since the second , and all talk was of the third race .
tr	O	战争越来越可怕，并且一个又一个国家沦陷于它们。
tr	O	他在看，但是他看不见我们。
tr	O	我曾主动提出要为凯西织一件披风，但是她拒绝了这个主意。
tr	I	I hadn 't yet grown accustomed to it , but I 'd come to expect the uncontrolled response .
tr	O	我躺在床上，或者至少感觉是那样。
tr	I	In this instance it looks like her hair is curling around in the air but it would be fine .
tr	I	He shook his head , pulling her suddenly into his lap , but she held one up in front of his lips .
tr	O	她按了我们楼层的按钮，并且我们走出了电梯。
tr	O	他正要说些什么，并且他妈妈开始走下楼梯。
tr	O	黛莉亚碰了碰她，并且她把它关上了。
tr	O	我仍然不知道为什么，但是 我不再感到惊讶了。
tr	O	我踩上去时，地板吱吱作响，但是 那是房子里唯一的声音。
tr	O	感觉像过了好几个小时，但是 也许实际上只有几分钟。
tr	O	艾姆想开车经过那房子，并且 她想让我们和她一起去。
tr	I	Those girls will never get the sauce seasoned properly , or I 'll have to go down to the kitchen to supervise .
tr	I	She was gone , and Spellbound , Shotgun watched her jiggle out , turn onto the sidewalk .
tr	O	我一时想不起来距离她下次复活还有多久，但是 它来得再快也不够。
tr	O	卡勒姆命令杰克将飞船送入卡戎轨道，并且 他照做了，几乎不费吹灰之力。
tr	I	Eventually , she found what she was looking for , but it took her a moment to get in the right position .
tr	O	我感到一阵寒意爬上脊椎，并且 我知道，不用看，伊森已经进入了自助餐厅。
tr	I	His jaw relaxed and his eyes widened .
tr	O	谢谢，肖恩，但是 我想免去那些客套话。
tr	I	The great fire went off poof , and just at that moment all the lights in the cavern went out !
tr	O	门铃响了，并且她去应门。
tr	I	Hannah smiled shyly back , and his gaze pierced hers .
tr	O	她不应该穿红色看起来惊艳，但是她做到了。
tr	I	I don 't think I should bring it up right now , and it has probably never occurred to him that he might have a sister .
tr	O	我父亲阻止了帕克留在医院陪我，并且他随后让我连夜出院了。
tr	I	Cindi wanted to talk to me in the back and I went into work .
tr	I	She hoped he could feel her hatred blazing out at him , and he looked surprised by her appearance .
tr	I	I took a handful , and mom pushed the napkin holder closer .
tr	I	Her fingers were trembling , and she ran her hand over his chest in a stroking caress .
tr	O	我保护我自己的东西，并且你已经很好地证明了自己。
tr	O	全家人肯定都经历了地狱般的折磨，然而他们却都继续小心翼翼地对待她。
tr	O	还有太多想法，但是她正在努力尽快把它们表达出来。
tr	I	Please do not cross blades with us , but I don 't expect you to join .
tr	O	她用她那浑厚的声音要求道，并且事情从那时起迅速恶化。
tr	I	I still had to contend with physics , but I might be immortal .
tr	I	Most were just drinking , but a few people ate .
tr	O	他猛地拉开那扇巨大的铁门，并且两个男人都头朝下扎进了漆黑的滑道。
tr	O	卓伊跑向门，并且火马的蹄声在她身后回响。
tr	I	God only knew which ones , but true , he bore some of Nellie 's genes .
tr	O	我想要伊森的一切，并且我现在就要他。
tr	O	他抓住了我，并且他知道这一点。
tr	I	I think she 's safe for at least another week , but I 'm not going to make any long term predictions .
tr	I	I could never understand it and she loved both of us equally .
tr	O	墓碑在星光下像古老的脸庞一样发光，并且河流的声音逐渐消失了。
tr	I	Right now he was feeling somewhat territorial over Marissa , but normally Eric would relish the chance to visit with his older brother .
tr	O	如果再发生，她会和霍利迪谈谈，但是现在，她正在独自执行这项任务。
tr	O	当他小心翼翼地把体重压在上面时，他虚弱的双腿几乎要弯曲，并且他抓住马鞍以寻求支撑。
tr	O	我对他露出一丝微笑，并且他的目光与我相遇。
tr	I	I want to die and my cheeks flare .
tr	I	That didn 't change just because she had disappeared , and his intention had always been to make a good life for them .
tr	I	He tried not to hesitate between spoonfuls , but he couldn 't bring himself to smile .
tr	O	她的嘴唇紧闭，并且她立刻安静下来。
tr	O	马文在威尔斯的工作做得非常出色，但是他们还有很长的路要走。
tr	I	Then she attacked without uttering a word , and she protected her face with her sword , pushing him away from her with both hands .
tr	O	我的派对心情消失了，并且有人在等我。
tr	I	They would notice the difference from other sources or I can 't change it to much .
tr	O	他伸出戴着手套的手，并且杰森握住了它，握手的紧实让他吃了一惊。
tr	I	She might , but she didn 't say she 'd go .
tr	I	She was right , but Sunny sounded nervous .
tr	I	The other pack members fell in behind him , and he eased into the parking lot .
tr	O	他不太会做饭，但是如果他妈妈加班，他有时会做晚饭。
tr	O	他听到脚步声从船头传来，并且他的私人秘书走进了休息室。
tr	O	我假装我没事，并且我希望每个人都相信我的表演。
tr	O	他踢上门，并且我试图跳开。
tr	I	His anger with her was lost to another punch of arousal , and Nicola 's sweet perfume wafted around him .
tr	I	The odds were mostly unchanged , but the soldier 's numbers were much fewer than the start .
tr	I	To protect his anonymity , and he had paid ten thousand pounds for this journey .
tr	I	Belle was in the front of his mind , but he didn 't want to arouse suspicions again .
tr	O	她感到的是被诱惑而非被迫，并且他的味道充斥着她的感官。
tr	I	He didn 't sound like one , but he 'd called himself a vagrant .
tr	I	Jason could see ice crystals glistening in it and her hair hung in damp clumps across her face .
tr	O	他不喜欢那样，但是他习惯了。
tr	O	他显然想让迭戈把目光移开，但是迭戈对这场游戏有点厌倦了。
tr	O	自从我听说那个孩子以来，我一直有一种痛苦而严酷的感觉，而且它并没有好转。
tr	O	她蜷缩着身子以保持温暖，并且大卫用他从背包里拿出的一条薄薄的求生毯盖住了她。
tr	O	巧妙的反驳就在我的舌尖，但是我把它留在了那里。
tr	I	Lavender whimpered , and he wasn 't wearing his mask , which was a pity because his face was contorted with rage .
tr	I	They approached England far too quickly , but there had been a silent agreement between them to live only in the moment .
tr	O	她想让她的妹妹知道她恋爱了，但是她不敢提及她爱上了一个吸血鬼。
tr	I	Waited , and watched .
tr	O	很高兴见到他们，但是如果他们在这里，我爷爷就少了两个守护者。
tr	O	她仍然比大多数人小心得多，但是她失去了太多。
tr	O	他们会询问那个夜晚，并且我们会给他们看照片。
tr	O	凯特终于改变话题时，它松了口气，但是这又是一个我不擅长的话题。
tr	I	It led outside , and a door was hidden in the far corner .
tr	I	A shiver of fear went down her spine , and even while lying down , he commanded awe .
tr	O	他缓慢地、小心翼翼地抽身离开，但是她仍然因失去而畏缩。
tr	I	I accept it as a terrible phase I had to go through , but I know it sounds cavalier to admit that .
tr	I	It was the man 's eyes that stunned him into inaction , but the crown was familiar , somehow .
tr	I	I have to duck as quickly as I can , and one of them whirls his arm in frustration .
tr	I	I would welcome the switch , and Maggie is the opposite .
tr	I	After she told me what she did , I liked her even more , but I 'd liked her immediately .
tr	I	I would be better tomorrow and I was okay .
tr	O	他与束缚着他的魔法抗争，并且很快他就感到身体开始充满生机地律动。
tr	I	The whole village knows about Art 's biting habits , but of course , she 'd rather not be bitten .
tr	O	减去那些年，那么她就不会比我们任何人更老了。
tr	I	He ducked back behind the frame , and a bullet was fired towards him .
tr	O	我试图挣脱我的手臂，但是他粗大的手指不肯松开。
tr	I	I was moved to some kind of gurney , and after only a few rooms we stopped .
tr	I	It was fevered and it was hot .
tr	O	他的话似乎缓解了她的紧张，并且她再次啜饮咖啡，没有颤抖。
tr	O	我知道你再也不会成为我的奴隶了，但是作为一对，我们可以成为更多。
tr	I	She was aware of someone leaning close , and she heard footsteps next to her bed .
tr	O	她感觉到一声呜咽正在升起，并且她不能让它发出来。
tr	O	杰森赶到教堂护送她，并且她未来的妯娌们把他赶走了。
tr	O	马特奥转身看向她时显得很生气，但是当他们的目光相遇时，他的表情缓和了下来。
tr	O	当我撞到坚硬的东西时，我的呼吸被撞出了肺部，并且我挥舞着手臂，准备自卫。
tr	I	There they were , in Vegas , at the same time as me and I hadn 't seen either of them for about a year .
tr	I	Four less than the most he could fire here , and he fired the most he could fire in Kuwait City .
tr	O	在飞机客舱里，乘务员紧张地咳了一声，并且接着茱莉亚听到了驾驶舱门打开的声音。
tr	O	我感觉到我存在于空间与空间之间，并且那是一个我难以理解的概念。
tr	I	She came out to greet him and catching her at the window , he waved .
tr	I	I could feel my skin knitting itself back together , and her ebbing light found its way into my body .
tr	I	His arms wouldn 't move , but he tried to touch it with his hands , to feel the shiny .
tr	O	她润了润嘴唇，并且他的目光聚焦在她的嘴上。
tr	O	卡勒姆不愿与我进行官方性质的交涉，并且我不确定为什么。
tr	I	His jawline suddenly firmed , and then he nodded once .
tr	I	He doesn 't respond , but his jaw muscle twitches .
tr	I	Riley 's lives before they moved to the cave by the lake , and June wants to hear about Will , Oliver .
tr	I	I didn 't have time to analyze , and I had no idea what it meant .
tr	O	在世界某些地方它们可能被视为珍馐，但是她无法说服自己去尝试。
tr	I	He was that great , but she knew she was grinning at him like a fool .
tr	O	她的心砰砰直跳，并且她的内脏又一次不舒服地蠕动着。
tr	I	The resulting sound was terrifying , and Anna choked back another scream , scared to death he would get near her .
tr	O	他的脸感觉发热，并且他说话有困难。
tr	I	They had to release their grip and she took one more step back .
tr	O	她翻了个白眼，并且接着她的眉毛扬了起来。
tr	I	I wondered at the power source and I couldn 't hear a generator running .
tr	I	At once the two guards stood inside took hold of her arms and she took one step forward .
tr	O	阿瓦隆看穿了我的想法，并且我听到他在我身后发出了清晰的咕哝声。
tr	I	They stepped out and the doors opened .
tr	I	He threw the ball and I ran as fast as I could .
tr	I	I always have been , and I 'm a go-getter .
tr	O	她不想离开，并且他不想留下。
tr	O	他们会喂她更多，并且她可以如此轻易地从他们那里拿走。
tr	I	I braced myself for a fight , and my hands bal ed into fists .
tr	I	She gave me a slight nod and I threw a glance in Melissa 's direction .
tr	I	His glasses fall to the ground , and his head knocks against the side of the gate wall .
tr	I	He sat up and the blanket that had been completely covering Will 's face came down .
tr	O	他似乎按照自己的时间表向我透露信息，并且那令人痛苦不堪。
tr	O	兰瑟看不到自己的伤口，但是他似乎浑身是血。
tr	O	她的眼睛凝视着我，并且有那么一会儿，我仿佛被那琥珀色的目光定格住了。
tr	I	I refused to turn away from him , but he loosened his hold on my face .
tr	I	There was something distinctly off now , but his face hadn 't changed in the thousands of years that Will knew him .
tr	O	她柔软的皮毛下，肌肉像钢铁一样，并且她的大爪子抽动着，仿佛随时要将某人拍傻。
tr	O	她的头痛欲裂，并且她看东西重影。
tr	I	Cold hand landed hard on the back of my neck and I was dragged to the middle of the room .
tr	I	Her gray hair was neatly pulled into a bun , and Aunt Maya was wearing one of her nicer dresses .
tr	O	我羞怯地问道，并且她冲我笑了笑，点了点头。
tr	O	我至少清醒了四十五分钟，并且之后我发现自己又重新入睡了。
tr	I	He 's trying to blackmail Bandini and he copied all the financial files - the real ones - onto a flash drive .
tr	O	我在这里是因为杰克要我来，并且任何秘书都不能阻止我。
tr	O	我永远不会喜欢她，但是我 D可以利用她。
tr	O	她起初是一名记者，但是她不是一个很好的作家。
tr	O	安皱了皱眉，并且杰拉尔德意味深长地看了她一眼。
tr	O	那些话语被一层厚重而阴沉的外壳包裹着，然而她的声音仍然抚慰着他。
tr	I	We have been trained to see ethical purpose in life and we are middle class people .
tr	O	我一整天都没跟他说过话，并且幸运的是，下午生意好转了不少。
tr	O	她想不起来，并且回想的努力正让她头痛欲裂。
tr	O	那个新信徒常常质疑为什么城堡走廊旁的这些雕像如此打动她，但是证据带来了理解。
tr	O	我会把你的推荐信寄给你，并且你离开时曼宁会在门口把你的工资交给你。
tr	O	别误会我，一想到你和韦斯在一起我就心如刀绞，但是我也明白。
tr	I	I blinked up at him and Bryce whispered in my ear .
tr	I	Errol became quite enthusiastic but things were getting complicated .
tr	O	这听起来可能很多，但是以宇宙的尺度来看，它真的就在我们后院。
tr	O	一名护士走了过去，并且埃迪对她眨了眨眼。
tr	O	我不认为波塞冬发脾气的时候他在岛上，但是我不知道。
tr	O	我们互相看着对方，并且我知道我们有着同样可怕的想法。
tr	O	影男们想怎么看就怎么看，但是他们无法靠近萨默。
tr	I	Her hair was wet , but I hadn 't noticed before , I was just too glad to see her .
tr	I	Brent 's life was hanging on the line , and a clock was ticking after all .
tr	O	妈妈在图书馆工作，并且爸爸在田里。
tr	I	I knew how horrible it was , and I 'd felt that way before .
tr	O	布雷迪滑向她，并且她在他嘴里呻吟。
tr	O	这是真相，并且这让她心里涌起一股恶心的感觉。
tr	I	His wounded look eventually turned into a loving one , and once he was all wrapped up , I gently kissed his finger .
tr	I	His hand darts out to clamp around my wrist , but then I 'm turning away from him , determined to start back down the mountain .
tr	I	Nobody dared ask , but the energy in the room tensed as everyone yearned for the question answered .
tr	I	The others followed in a wedge , and it rocketed vertically from the surface .
tr	I	Out we went and he nodded .
tr	O	你会知道它，但是你无法证明它。
tr	O	她的心砰砰直跳，但是她试图保持面无表情。
tr	O	我想知道孩子的父亲是谁，并且我可以在这里通过戒指，在仙境中知道。
tr	I	Icy sparks flew as the blades screeched against each other , and Ash brought his weapon up .
tr	O	那是周一早上，并且我违背自己的最佳判断在周日晚上待在了科林的住所。
tr	O	我知道那一点，但是我不能。
tr	O	当然，我有亚历克斯，但是那可能只是因为星星。
tr	I	Gwen wished she could take it back and that last bit came out defensive .
tr	O	从他被束缚的腿到手臂的绳索突然缩短了，并且埃德加被猛地拉离了地面。
tr	O	我们完蛋了，而且简直没有其他办法来形容。
tr	O	我走进奶奶的房子，并且感觉不对劲。
tr	O	首先，他要求先将劳拉拉上来，但是他们无视了他。
tr	I	Yet there was no sign of the exit and we had been running for a long time .
tr	O	他点了点头，并且她继续了。
tr	I	He hoped maybe she would come too , but he knew Stephanie would be a problem .
tr	I	I can 't keep my hands off him , and we meet at a crappy Thai diner .
tr	I	Paul thanked him again for arranging to see them on such short notice and he opened the door for them .
tr	O	离冬天真的很近了，并且这是我最后的选择！
tr	O	她当然不再是那个被从森林带走的女孩了，并且他们为此责怪王子。
tr	I	Not what she 'd expected , but at last she got a response .
tr	I	I couldn 't figure him out , but there were times he seemed off .
tr	O	也许我喝醉了，或者也许我被下了药。
tr	O	有时，当它很安静时，我的思绪会游走到失去她的可能性，以及我本会怎么做。
tr	O	下到萨利文的办公室和朱莉的办公室只有几层楼。
tr	O	我抓住他的袖子，并且他终于注意到我了。
tr	I	He licked his lips nervously and his mouth seemed over dry .
tr	I	This time had his own set as well , but Keating not only had his own camera again .
tr	O	马匹尖叫着，并且火焰咆哮着。
tr	I	He knew who it was without turning around , but Buzz ' mouth fell open in surprise .
tr	I	Vlad entered through them , nodding at the men who bowed to him as he passed and two huge double doors opened .
tr	I	She returned the kiss with equal fervor and all the while , his mouth devoured hers .
tr	I	I told her I was sure he would , and Arlene asked me if I thought that handsome Dennis Pettibone would be coming by .
tr	I	Cain shoved them back down , but hidden dreams tried to bubble to the surface .
tr	I	It reached the ears of someone else , and News traveled fast of Lea leaving Alonso 's gym .
tr	O	帕特里斯想问他是否有外遇，并解决此事，但是比尔脸上的某种表情让她停了下来。
tr	I	I felt the spray in my face as it splashed in , and another rush of water poured between the rocks .
tr	I	Tons of comments instantly appeared and I sent the tweet out .
tr	I	Kira watched me , but the rest of the girls were cheering from the line .
tr	I	He never could , but the desire to know .
tr	I	Their light silvered the skin of the waiting spacecraft , and two moons hung almost overhead by now .
tr	I	Now they 're using them , and someone 's heard the details .
tr	O	他的指甲扎进我的皮肤，但是我不认为他注意到了。
tr	O	尼克在过去的五十九分钟里一直在问自己这个问题，但是他不喜欢听到这个问题从他哥哥口中说出来。
tr	I	I 'm single and I 'm exciting .
tr	I	There was more to it than that , but the Trojans were certainly doing them honour .
tr	O	他知道他不能让他们在对面的沟里寻找掩护，否则他就会被压制住。
tr	O	我拍了他的胳膊，但是我并不介意那调皮的笑容。
tr	O	蔡斯张开嘴要抗议自己的清白，并且我又把他推到墙上。
tr	O	我一直都活在隐秘中，并且就这一次，我想要与人分享我自己。
tr	I	The Coven 's laws were their own but the adults were all free to leave to shop like normal people .
tr	O	独眼巨人瞥了我一眼，仿佛又要反叛了，但是在我扬眉之后，他重新考虑了。
tr	O	卡斯帕举起酒杯，并且我确信我听到他对着酒杯咕哝道“你做不到，查丽蒂”。
tr	I	He pulled her to his side , but she shifted to do just that .
tr	I	Her body too responsive , and his skin was too hot .
tr	I	He 'd been fully justified , but true , he 'd long ago sparked her ire by hauling her butt out of that rough-and-tumble bar .
tr	O	季节餐厅的停车场里已经有一辆车了，并且他瞥了一眼手表，以确保时间没有比他预想的更晚。
tr	O	我感到自己完全无法安慰她，然而我知道我必须尝试。
tr	O	舞会继续着，并且她饶有兴趣地看了一会儿。
tr	O	她的笑容变得害羞了，并且她低下了头。
tr	I	I 'm counting my blessings , but I can 't believe I still have a job after missing work for weeks .
tr	I	Her voice crackled like burning embers but she tried to clear her throat .
tr	I	Their little Sam was safe and a miracle had been performed .
tr	I	They hit if off right away and Charles Knightly III was a fairly good pool player .
tr	I	He broke that theory every single time his lips turned upwards , yet I always thought dimples were only cute on babies .
tr	O	这会是一条漫长的归途，但是她很坚强，凭借她的信任将他从他兽性的黑暗虚无中拖了出来。
tr	I	Her neck was splotchy and her face was flushed .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , relaxing into his grip , and he put his arm around me .
tr	O	我们的房间准备好了，并且孩子们在漫长而筋疲力尽的一天后很快进入了梦乡。
tr	O	我推了推他们，并且他们顺从地听我的话。
tr	O	圣殿的后门开了，并且丽莎牵着克里斯的手走了进来。
tr	I	Now I knew how undeserving I was , but I 'd already figured this out .
tr	O	克拉丽心想，但是她的心却沉了下去。
tr	I	Lila walks out cringing and the bathroom door opens .
tr	O	他站了起来，并且我能看到血从钉子周围涌出。
tr	I	He backed off slightly , although not without effort and he seemed to sense what she was trying to tell him .
tr	I	She knew they would pay for them one day , and they had both made bad calls in the past .
tr	O	她看着他，但是他什么也没说。
tr	I	The sky was the color of ash , and rain was coming down in buckets outside .
tr	I	I was instructed to sit in the back seat and there was a car waiting for us above ground .
tr	O	赞恩的喉咙太紧了，无法吞咽，并且他的下一口气变成了一声哽咽。
tr	O	他能记得当他躺在尘土飞扬的房间里并且他们把药水带给他时，汗水在他赤裸胸膛上的感觉。
tr	O	你告诉我有人雇你跟踪我全国各地，并且你却不知道那个人是谁？
tr	I	I appreciated the support and Clare 's hand found mine under the table at the mention of my father .
tr	I	It rang constantly , without a voicemail , and the phone number was all we had .
tr	O	不，要真正成功，他们必须成为现代农民，并且新墨西哥州的高地不适合那样做。
tr	O	所有这一切，当时似乎没有明显的原因，但是现在科林认为那是在警告他。
tr	O	他母亲在他很小的时候就去世了，并且他已经很习惯只和父亲一起生活了。
tr	I	Nia stumbled in and the door opened .
tr	I	To this day she cannot understand what possesses her , but over time the resentment for her mother has worn off .
tr	I	Not getting his hands dirty , but apparently signing a delivery note was beneath Mithras .
tr	I	The howling could have been coming from something just ahead of them and by the time they reached the third hill the winds were gusty .
tr	I	She did , but she didn 't know how she knew these things .
tr	I	Then he lurched forward , and he looked to John .
tr	O	他试图爬到她身上，但是艾比用她的腿把他推开了。
tr	I	The liquid shot up his nose , but Viktor tried to drink from a glass of water .
tr	I	Just looking at them was like looking at the stars , and they were variety of colors , glowing in the dark .
tr	O	如果巴士能安然度过风暴，他就会做好准备，并且那个常来的女佣很快就会从流感中康复。
tr	O	疯狗开始抽回他的手，但是杰克却不肯放手。
tr	O	是因为你她才留下来的，并且也是因为你她才离开的。
tr	I	Matilda didn 't offer to help and no one had talked to Enrico yet .
tr	O	我真的不在乎媒体怎么想，但是亨特会抓狂的。
tr	I	I looked out the window so he couldn 't see the tears in my eyes and my voice was tight .
tr	O	其中一名士兵问道，但是他的声音听起来很遥远。
tr	I	The alarm was going off in fifteen minutes for our run , and I didn 't want to wake him because he looked so peaceful sleeping .
tr	O	他又回答了几个问题，但是这些只花了几分钟。
tr	O	女孩们发出一阵叹息，但是凯莱布却皱起了眉。
tr	I	His voice softened , but he still had a guarded look on his face .
tr	O	手机信号恢复了，并且她按下了重拨键。
tr	I	As I stand , I see that the sun has touched the grass a vivid green , and seagulls are calling outside .
tr	O	我以前从未见过他如此手足无措，而且它击碎了我内心所有的美好。
tr	I	Sudden panic hit me , and I wiped my sweaty palms on my pants .
tr	I	Cindy wasn 't convinced , but his words sounded similar to Joni 's logic .
tr	O	他们一踏上最高的那级台阶，前门打开了，并且一个男人正站在那里，微笑着。
tr	O	他说，并且我点了点头。
tr	O	你今天早上没有这样做，并且我们还有漫漫长夜。
tr	I	Some people aren 't going to understand them , and Mr. Winkler , I have decisions to make .
tr	I	He began to get an erection , and he thought about making love to that wonderful young body .
tr	I	I wracked my brain over how to get to it without making a sound , and there was a door only a few feet away .
tr	O	伊桑在他身边，并且当他瞥向车内时，他绕到车头，走向莱拉那边。
tr	I	Justus had agreed , and she had wanted to get here early .
tr	O	她解释了自己的感受，但是彼得却坚持己见。
tr	O	他发出一声低吼，并且这一次，布里没有再费心留下。
tr	I	He looked down and his face fell away from me .
tr	I	He only needed three steps before coming to a halt , and his boots hit the gravel with the lightest of touches .
tr	I	The blood blisters , on her feet weren 't as bad and their sole were thinner .
tr	I	It didn 't matter anyway , but silently I shook my head .
tr	O	他对她的回答看起来不高兴，但是她也无能为力。
tr	I	Our relationship is tenuous at best and your kind cause endless troubles for us .
tr	O	佩佩不知道是谁真的杀了皮珀，但是他不想与法律有任何瓜葛。
tr	O	他屏住了呼吸，并且随着扎恩的眼睛适应了黑暗，他可以看到泰在颤抖。
tr	O	外面很热，并且布兰登的卡车里面热得像一百万度。
tr	I	We both laughed and I spoke in my best Southern accent .
tr	I	It must have gone down the wrong way , because she immediately began to cough , but she was swallowing when he told her about his job .
tr	O	对他们来说正义不够，我想，但是也只能这样了。
tr	O	有点大，但是也能凑合用。
tr	O	第16章 周三早上很快就到了，并且因为是培训日，所以没有上学。
tr	I	I wanted more and I felt free .
tr	I	The whole ship would go up in flames when the additional oxygen reached the fire , and the timer on the oxygen would be set shortly after .
tr	I	She heard a reply , and the humming noise stopped .
tr	O	我弟弟可能不在乎保护自己，但是我当然非常在乎保护他。
tr	O	他不想再感受到一丝愧疚，但是他究竟要怎么避免呢？
tr	I	She ignored him , but Vittorio warned her .
tr	I	She would buckle , and Mark would persist .
tr	I	I had the distinct feeling that I was being watched from the shadows , but I didn 't see anything .
tr	O	我感到两只胳膊上都有手，并且一双手捧着我的头。
tr	O	它更像半个核桃，而且颜色也还不错。
tr	O	然而她确实表现出了一些生病的迹象，并且这使她难以结婚。
tr	O	乐队没过多久就陆陆续续进来了，而且我发誓当我看到他时，我的心跳漏了一拍。
tr	O	凯莉在他眼中看到的深深的情感伤害驱散了她自己的坏心情，而且她开始为他担心。
tr	O	他巧妙地走到一边让她过去，但是她只是给了尼基一个凶狠的眼神。
tr	I	She leaned back into his chest and Liam had his arm around Lorelei .
tr	O	我问了，但是没有人回答。
tr	O	我看着布莱斯拿起狗笼，而且她靠在他身上寻求支撑，他们回到了SUV旁。
tr	O	你可以说我守旧，但是我需要更多。
tr	O	丹尼尔求他不要告诉他的父母，而且他的叔叔不停地对他大喊大叫。
tr	I	She was invisible , and Time had passed .
tr	I	You get my drift but not quite Bruno 's exact words .
tr	I	Planning was begun , and without discussion it was accepted that they would do as Betty had commanded .
tr	O	我现在状态不好，但是也许有一天我会觉得准备好迎接更多。
tr	I	His mouth dropped open with surprise and his eyes widened .
tr	O	拉斐尔走进去了，并且卡尔文把音箱从他爸爸的车里搬了出来。
tr	I	His assertion that he had things in hand didn 't lower my stress level by much , and we 'd left things on a strange note .
tr	I	Her eyes met briefly with Case 's before averting them and she nodded at Father Quinn .
tr	I	It took a few moments for his eyes to adjust to the dim light provided by the moon overhead and it was now dark outside .
tr	I	I had always thought he knew why I was doing that , that my feelings were obvious , but I suppose that was true .
tr	I	She lifted her eyelashes so she could meet his gaze and naked to the waist , he knelt beside the tub .
tr	O	飞行员急忙打开舱门，并且令人惊讶的冷空气冲他们袭来。
tr	I	I wondered what they were talking about and his lips lifted to a genuine smile .
tr	I	I felt as if all the energy in me was going to erupt and the anger flared instantly .
tr	O	他的肋骨痛得要命，但是他停不下来。
tr	I	That report needs to be done by tonight , and she needs to get ready for next week .
tr	I	There was no boy yet , and ten minutes had passed after the predetermined hour !
tr	O	一名警卫把武器对准了他，但是他一直躲在丽莎身后。
tr	I	He didn 't want her to be achy , but he didn 't want to disturb this perfect picture .
tr	I	It still looked like we had some time before the rain would hit , but the sky was dark .
tr	I	He changed his mind , but for a moment he seemed about to add something else .
tr	O	是的，我与保罗还有未了之事，但是当我考虑道歉时他却消失了。
tr	O	瑞秋曾向她保证自己没事，但是她没有透露自己怀了双胞胎的事实。
tr	O	他们坐在树荫下，并且他尽可能地大口喝水来冷却身体。
tr	O	他沉入她体内，并且他们同时呻吟起来。
tr	O	它目前不是个问题，但是很快就会变得很明显。
tr	O	我知道我让他很为难，但是我不想让他离开。
tr	I	Anything could happen to end that safety , but you may think I 'm safe here .
tr	I	I certainly wasn 't going to take the freaking bus to school , and I 'd earned that truck .
tr	O	阿特走向发光方块中的一个缝隙，并且我滑行跟在他后面。
tr	I	I came around back to help her , and Isabel returned .
tr	I	There was hardly anyone to be seen and the area lost its crowd now .
tr	I	I was just hunting information and she was ready for action .
tr	O	我的心跳加速了，但是我放慢了呼吸。
tr	O	她等着他继续说下去，但是他停了下来。
tr	O	那似乎是很久以前的事了，但是她确实记得有过那个想法。
tr	O	头发乌黑发亮，笔直，并且被定型成一个复杂的发髻。
tr	I	I spent a lot of time studying from the scrolls that were there , and there was a martial arts studio in my village .
tr	I	Sally went back to the cooker where she fixed him a sandwich and Keith came back into the room .
tr	O	有一页贴着便利贴，并且我翻到了那一页。
tr	O	我的胃一沉，并且我感到恶心。
tr	O	在他那灼热的凝视下，我感到虚弱，但是我没有闭上眼睛。
tr	I	He 'd never know and I 'd never tell him .
tr	I	Something occurred to her , but Elana patted her father 's hands .
tr	O	我不是那种爱吃醋的人，但是他知道我与玛西的过去。
tr	O	她完全清醒了，并且回吻他。
tr	O	他的目光瞥向了我，并且他的笑容消失了。
tr	I	She sighed in contentment and he massaged her skin .
tr	O	他消失在门道后，并且我从凳子上滑下来。
tr	I	The vision left painful footprints on her heart , and she envisioned the two girls who 'd been killed .
tr	O	唐娜现在对她与他的关系变得有些生硬，但是她掩饰着她的伤痛，除了她声音中尖锐的语调。
tr	I	Most were Greek , but the name suggested Italian .
tr	I	I ignored him , but Archer stepped closer to me .
tr	O	莎娜怀疑他的关心完全是做戏，但是这一切现在都不重要了。
tr	I	Their gods protected them with a fierceness bordering on rabid and the dragons had their own gods .
tr	O	我曾希望事情到此为止，但是他却继续说下去。
tr	O	你的长期营销不好，并且你的计划注定会失败。
tr	I	The dread just kept building , but I knew he meant them .
tr	I	The other seems to not be around much and they look like happy well-adjusted kids , even if one parent is missing from their life .
tr	O	他不在那里，但是血液已经被清理干净了。
tr	I	It is of the Council I must tell you and he had been planning manoeuvres which would have the Great Council at its centre .
tr	O	我听到前方有喊叫声，并且有玻璃在人行道上破碎。
tr	I	Arthur looked down , flushing red , and I raised my eyebrows very slightly .
tr	I	I guess it 's the kind of thing a cameraman picks up on , but I didn 't notice this .
tr	O	最让她担忧的山峰仍然清晰可见，但是现在它位于西北方向了。
tr	O	地面变成了她所害怕的白色平坦田野，并且她弯下腰去查看路边。
tr	O	他很美丽，并且他知道这一点。
tr	I	I ran my hand along the wall the whole time , letting me know where the corners were but it was incredibly dark .
tr	I	I couldn 't manage it , but I tried to keep my voice calm .
tr	O	我走过去开门，并且杰森走到我旁边站着，排在第一个进去。
tr	I	She waved me off , stubborn as ever , but I reached out to help her .
tr	O	我知道我肯定傻笑着，热意爬上我的脸颊，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	她筋疲力尽，并且她的思绪因今天从米歇尔那里学到的所有事情而飞速旋转。
tr	O	那位健壮的男人递给那位可爱的女人一瓶清凉的山泉水，并且他们一起倒在那方圆数英里内唯一的一棵树下。
tr	I	This time he didn 't surprise her , but she waited for him to say more .
tr	I	He was still alive but there was a cut on his head , where Arn had struck him .
tr	I	We have to come back and we get beat halfway across the swamp .
tr	I	It 's wrong and it thinks it can stop you .
tr	I	Here I am and I went to sleep .
tr	I	You men can go back to what you were doing and Nanny can take care of the patient while I 'm gone .
tr	I	I was going home , but I looked like a tourist 's nightmare .
tr	I	He also had the advantage of Irene 's prior commitment to Christian faith , but Rayford had Chloe 's qualified endorsement .
tr	I	I said nothing , but he was rambling .
tr	O	我转身去看是谁说了话，并且我的心在胸腔里稍稍一跳。
tr	O	他什么也没看到，但是她还能怎么到这里呢，除非雇一辆马车？
tr	O	我们在她开车时继续聊天，并且我发现自己很轻松地享受着她的陪伴。
tr	O	布莱恩不会痊愈了，并且这都是她的错。
tr	O	他是个传奇人物，并且有几十个关于他的故事在城里流传。
tr	I	He welcomed it as little by little the pain went away but feeling the hand in truth did little for Star Power .
tr	O	我们走到车棚，并且我把钥匙插进了我的糖果苹果红本田车。
tr	O	从我坐的地方我甚至看不到那个人，但是他似乎在豪华轿车前过马路。
tr	O	国家对你的支持仍然疲软，并且戴与你的联盟充其量是犹豫不决的。
tr	O	影子越来越长，但是它们没有让她担心。
tr	I	You could study at the same time , and it could be of interest for you to look at what we are doing .
tr	I	She forgot all about pushing him away , and his mouth found hers again .
tr	I	She didn 't know why but Sheridan sensed something strange behind that statement .
tr	O	我离开他，并且我的思绪感到混乱。
tr	I	My mind shuts off and I feel the rage bubble up inside me .
tr	O	一摊她自己的血渗到她身旁的地上，并且狼的弯曲爪子落在浓稠的血红色水坑里。
tr	O	他想站起来，但是他已经无法做到。
tr	I	Maybe obsessive Gods are as well , and obsessive people are like that .
tr	O	一根好奇的指头抬起，暗示着他想到了什么，但是他暂时没有兴趣解释任何事情。
tr	O	一扇车门打开了，并且一个模糊的身影走了过来。
tr	I	Cora ignored every mention of it , but he continued to hint about marriage .
tr	O	他的嘴唇移到我的脖子上，并且我将头向后仰，以便他更容易接触。
tr	I	Chase is ducking his head with each sound of gunfire and russian soldiers are firing rifles indiscriminately .
tr	O	栏杆的白色石头因岁月流逝而磨得光滑，并且英雄的壁画像一个早已被遗忘的梦般褪色了。
tr	O	她转身要离开，但是艾比冲过来挡住了她的去路。
tr	I	I still love him , but he might be against what I want .
tr	I	At the last moment , she changed her mind , but she walked around the garage to get her motorcycle .
tr	I	He sat in the tub instead of standing , and we slowly made our way to the shower .
tr	I	She has a head injury , but I don 't know about the extent .
tr	O	他耸耸肩，好像这不困扰他，但是他声音中一丝紧张暴露了真相。
tr	O	哈尔笑着把一块银子扔向空中，并且它带着不祥的叮当声落在她旁边。
tr	I	He blinks a few times to shake off sleep , and his eyes pan across the rolling land below us .
tr	I	Concern showed on their faces , and they were out of breath .
tr	I	He included himself in his rage , and he himself hadn 't done a very spectacular job of keeping her safe .
tr	O	她知道他能在转瞬之间抓住她，但是他想让她挣扎。
tr	O	我明天会把它送到电子区，并且他们可以把它送到他们的电池回收计划。
tr	O	德鲁似乎立刻紧张起来，并且特里尼蒂转过身去看是谁让他如此紧张。
tr	I	She held the traits that only an alpha possessed , but Dawn was a submissive .
tr	I	None of the cuts were deep enough to cause any worry about infection , but a small amount of bruising already formed .
tr	O	他听到几颗纽扣飞过房间，而且他一点也不在乎。
tr	O	绳子绷紧了，并且菲力徒劳地拉着。
tr	I	Some will be downright dangerous , and they won 't be easy .
tr	I	The faint smell of alcohol clings to him , and his khakis are wrinkled .
tr	O	他不仅不明白为什么，但是他完全失去平衡。
tr	O	特伦顿不想承认，但是看起来他们可能已经找到了他们的行凶者。
tr	I	The full jury came into view , and the camera inched to the left .
tr	O	看到他们的衣服那样混在一起让莉莉心里感到温暖，并且她轻易地将手伸向了他裤子的拉链。
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed and she ignored him .
tr	O	她的眼睛闪闪发光，并且我被吸引了。
tr	I	It wouldn 't move , but Kenny strained to push the opening mechanism further into the altar .
tr	I	Adam was walking around looking like the emperor of the world and now Gina was pregnant .
tr	I	Cops seemed to boil out of it and a police van had skidded to a stop halfway across both lanes of the street .
tr	O	我不知道他应该期待什么，但是他说话的方式，好像我是一个活物，让我很困扰。
tr	O	桑德拉可能很邪恶，但是她并不愚蠢。
tr	I	This one was not the type he usually attended , but she knew he attended his share of parties .
tr	I	Daddy 's probably locked away in his office plotting world domination and mom is no doubt at the club .
tr	O	他们的披风是用华丽的丝绸制成的，并且他们的盔甲上镶满了珠宝以供庆祝。
tr	O	加文又看了一眼他的约会对象，但是她似乎对多米尼克的陪伴感到完全自在。
tr	O	凯瑟琳听说过天使的造访，但是她自己从未经历过这种现象。
tr	O	泪水顺着她的脸颊流下，但是她的笑容告诉他她有多么幸福。
tr	O	那是一种如此失衡的奇怪感觉，而且他不太喜欢它。
tr	O	阿尔米拉可能在那一刻赢了，但是他发誓他会在另一个时间复仇。
tr	O	你所要做的就是问，并且它就会被给予你。
tr	I	I didn 't have a choice , but normally I wasn 't a gambling person .
tr	I	He shook his head , and the grin grew wider .
tr	I	One seemed to be heading for the back doors , and they were very close .
tr	O	我们走得太突然了，并且我仍然感到有点内疚。
tr	O	他坚持要我们全副武装，并且武志对再次武装自己没有意见。
tr	I	Watched the people walking below and * * * Nicola Harding stood in the window of her penthouse suite looking down on San Francisco 's Union Square .
tr	I	Two women I recognized entered , and Marcus opened the door .
tr	I	He didn 't waken , but he stirred in the bed , throwing his hand over to my empty space .
tr	O	她的双手冻得麻木了，并且牙齿也早已停止打颤。
tr	I	The sheer possibility that she might yearn to keep him to herself filled her with uneasiness , but she thought it was the latter .
tr	I	She gasped , and his claws dug deeper .
tr	I	The screen door was unlocked and the back door was left open .
tr	I	He saw them with a billion eyes and labels began flashing against that sensitized skin .
tr	O	我能感知你的思想，但是你并不清醒。
tr	O	奥龙跳到了一边，并且那个部落成员的拳头猛地砸进了树枝。
tr	I	She was clearly in awe right now , which was exactly how he 'd wanted her to feel , and she let her emotions show through .
tr	I	Soon the fuzzy radio words ran together in my mind , and more wine made it into my mouth than food .
tr	I	You could also look books up on their computers , but they had card catalogs still .
tr	O	我很擅长假装我没事，但是许多年后，我才意识到我并非如此。
tr	O	我一直认为自己是独狼，而且这将意味着不再孤立无援。
tr	O	我本该感到恐惧的，但是不知何故，那种恐惧感却并没有真正袭来。
tr	O	你所做的事情可能会随着时间流逝而消逝，但是你需要小心。
tr	I	A small sail was secured to their makeshift mast and by midday the work was done .
tr	O	爸爸拿着平板电脑在沙发上悠闲地躺着，并且当我进来时他抬了头。
tr	O	我面前的小径继续延伸，并且身后只有黑暗。
tr	I	You only have an hour to get ready , but I 'm sorry it 's all so rushed .
tr	I	She would feel a thousand times better - at least , that was what she kept telling herself and within a couple of weeks it would pass .
tr	O	迪伊概述了我们已发现的证据的价值，但是我早已自己弄明白了它的含义。
tr	O	詹妮弗可能已经在办公室了，或者她可能在家做了些什么。
tr	I	I knew it was from my words , not my blow , but he flinched .
tr	I	I wonder what will happen when I reach boiling point and it 's as if they 're building up inside of me .
tr	I	Those standing at the bar looked around , and the band stopped playing .
tr	I	He 'd left his upstate New York hometown so he could love them from a distance , but he loved his big , loud family .
tr	I	I 'm coming back to life shockingly quickly under his deft tongue , but I thought I was completely worn out .
tr	O	我可能粗心大意了，但是我并不笨。
tr	O	我的眼里充满了泪水，但是我不能让它们落下。
tr	I	I didn 't like it one bit , and I felt like Dante was undermining me .
tr	I	So , the story was born , and it was mere coincidence that a passerby saw a werewolf in the full moon .
tr	O	我们热爱一个著名影星爱上邻家女孩的故事，并且我们只能希望这个故事能有一个圆满的结局。
tr	O	冰雹飞过，但是托兰知道袭击者错失了机会。
tr	O	审判官放下凡人剑，并且夏洛特将手环绕在刀刃上。
tr	I	That 's when somebody else stepped in , and I was shrieking in pain after mama 's head was separated from her body .
tr	O	他没有以任何方式给我施压，并且我想那就是我开始对他放松警惕的时候。
tr	I	Smog kicked up in a cold draft and the rumble of a fast-approaching train rose .
tr	I	A grey carpet covered the whole room , and there was white wallpaper on the walls .
tr	O	我回头看门，并且我妈妈站在那里。
tr	I	I could now tell that it was indeed approaching us , and the first one had remained close to the canyon wall .
tr	O	她可能与派对上的人财务状况不同，但是塔拉从未被财富吓倒。
tr	I	It rapidly changed course , but he raised a hand to touch her cheek .
tr	O	阿什沿着路边走下去，不理会我的请求，并且其他人也跟上了。
tr	I	The vampire would be snarling beneath the mountain , counting the seconds until he was released , and he would know Lucian was hunting him .
tr	I	He seemed more than simply pleased to have Tate 's company , and Gan brought up the rear of the column .
tr	I	Displays went blank , and Indicator lights darkened .
tr	I	There are scouting parties all over the area , but the bulk of the horde is prowling the burning wreckage right now .
tr	O	亚当怀疑甘西的偏爱是因为罗南尽管糟糕但很真诚，并且对甘西而言，诚实是金。
tr	I	I 'm at a loss but he waited for my instructions .
tr	I	I 'm not , but Sean watches me , trying to sense the lie that he thinks I 'm telling .
tr	O	我知道她问题的答案，但是我感觉她也知道。
tr	I	She threw her head back with a moan and her body arched against him .
tr	I	Things are different with Pen , but I never wanted these feelings .
tr	O	刺痛感径直向下蔓延，并且她紧紧地夹住大腿。
tr	I	It was beginning to get light out and I didn 't want them to phase back somewhere alone , not knowing where they were .
tr	I	Andrew 's silences stretched a little longer , and Nicky started dominating more of the conversation .
tr	I	My mouth dropped open and I peeked around him .
tr	O	它快要愈合了，并且缝线已经拆除，留下了一道小白疤。
tr	I	This time there was also a flight attendant but the pilot was the same middle-aged gentleman who flew the plane when we went to St. Thomas .
tr	I	I passed over a twenty , and when the guy came to the door , he handed me my food .
tr	O	热量涌遍她的血管，并且他竟然感受到了她子宫里的痉挛。
tr	O	几秒钟后，我试图坐起来，但是我的身体却动不了。
tr	I	It 's no easy task , but it 's our sworn duty to protect the one we have here from them at all costs .
tr	O	你分享了许多其他想法，而且我们现在正努力着手处理它们。
tr	I	It jiggled with her every step and a small bottle of sunscreen was stuffed into her back pocket .
tr	O	她没有回应，并且我意识到他还没有回来。
tr	O	你最好的朋友不相信我爱她，而且她认为我只是出于愧疚才和她在一起。
tr	O	她没有淑女号的速度，但是她的愤怒足以让群山颤抖。
tr	I	He was a man of action , but he may not be a man of many words .
tr	O	她需要回到有人的地方，并且她只能想到一种方法来做到这一点。
tr	O	这个举动肯定会以他的死亡告终，但是他的生命早已注定失去。
tr	O	又一轮拥抱，并且他们离开了酒店。
tr	I	My face flushed even more and only light laughter answered me .
tr	O	你把我留作囚犯，但是我的主人没有忘记我。
tr	I	She smiled and she turned to her colleague .
tr	I	The sun 's still not high enough for anyone to see but I feel my face getting red .
tr	I	The room stilled and the music stopped .
tr	I	I see a glimpse of the Arlo I used to know and his armour chinks .
tr	I	It was a lot to ask of him , and his days were busy .
tr	O	现在我需要你给出答案，并且我不在乎如何从你那里得到它们。
tr	I	Brand is gone , and when I wake , the sunshine is streaming through my windows .
tr	O	我会尽力打消对希亚的任何热情，但是我不能保证任何事情。
tr	I	Dang , she sure was pretty , but I didn 't know this girl very well , considering we met like ten minutes ago .
tr	O	洛蕾莱会站在门口，脸上带着欢迎的微笑，并且他终于会感到自在。
tr	I	He watched as the little light from the porthole faded to inky darkness , and the hours crept past .
tr	I	I head to Andrew to tell him what 's going on and she 's off .
tr	O	几个嬉笑的孩子从人行道上冲过他身边，并且肖恩吓了一跳，然后嘲笑自己的愚蠢。
tr	I	Tavi felt the weight of her gaze as palpably as the touch of a gentle hand , and she paused , studying them .
tr	O	她低语，并且我笑了。
tr	O	莱安德·杰克点了点头，并且他们慢慢地走进了房间。
tr	I	Your police cruiser didn 't , but you said your truck works ?
tr	I	Katherine pushed him further away but Cooper tried to behave as if everything was normal .
tr	I	I may be asking on behalf of the guy that is your secret admirer or this question may be for my own casual curiosity .
tr	I	He wanted to stay out of it , but I leaned on her brother for information .
tr	O	我能够杀死我自己的父亲，但是我不能杀死你。
tr	O	你在股市赚了那么多钱，而且你在这里喂动物？
tr	O	没有人把那个借给他，并且他绝对没有偷它。
tr	O	她试图厉声说话，但是听起来气喘吁吁。
tr	I	You brought me back , and I left this .
tr	I	Reece do and I 've given up trying to keep track of all the traveling Jacqueline .
tr	O	他们中的许多都根植于你的基因，并且那些基因通过世代相传。
tr	I	His eyes were distant , and delos went very still .
tr	O	我在这里，和她在一起，并且以利亚袭击了我。
tr	O	他的母亲是他混乱童年中唯一正确的事情，并且他不得不看着她日渐消瘦直到她离去。
tr	I	It still hurt , but it wasn 't bleeding .
tr	O	巴斯蒂安尖叫起来，并且然后一片寂静。
tr	O	我们进入了一个似乎是办公室的地方，并且我注意到的第一件事是他们有电。
tr	O	那是一个微弱的声音，但是她听到了。
tr	I	She wanted to get a handle on it before it manifested as something more overt , and she sensed an unexpected hostility between them .
tr	O	其中一只动物正在和她说话，并且她听起来不太好。
tr	O	桌子也不是方形的，并且第四边少了一把椅子会很显眼。
tr	O	梅根是个好人，并且这是一个糟糕的境况。
tr	O	帕内尔的爆发甚至连他自己都感到惊讶，但是他太累了，无法克制。
tr	I	He was also full of admiration because of her strength but he felt disgusted by the behavior of the lady .
tr	O	牧师继续说，并且太阳猛烈地照耀着。
tr	I	I feel like we 're in our own little world and it 's dark .
tr	O	我伤心地哭了，并且我喜极而泣。
tr	O	他的眼睛眯了起来，并且他向前挪了一步，剑仍握在他手中。
tr	O	仿佛得到信号，前门突然开了，并且加百列高大的身躯堵住了门口。
tr	O	他有一种沉稳的气质，并且他给人的印象是，他能在危机中应对自如。
tr	I	She 's laughing , but she whines .
tr	O	如果他们知道我为什么在这里，就会有警察了，并且现在并没有。
tr	O	那只熊畏缩了一下，并且它的头猛地向后一仰。
tr	O	它缓解了瘙痒，并且在我把袖子拉回去之后，她似乎就忘了这件事。
tr	O	乔治不只是想入股，并且科林知道这一点。
tr	O	她更用力地按压那个地方，并且她以为自己感觉到了一丝轻微的移动。
tr	O	他让我这样做，并且这看起来没问题。
tr	O	他提出要求，并且她做出了回应。
tr	O	我知道你希望一切都完美，我的爱人，但是只要放松就好。
tr	I	It suddenly became much more pertinent the moment she saw us , but this may have seemed an odd thing to notice .
tr	I	The knife moved away from her throat and terrified she nodded .
tr	O	与他建立羁绊的战士并不能保证他能免遭放逐，但是这件事不容忽视。
tr	O	她昨天差点死于体温过低，然而他却无法让她休息。
tr	I	She closed her eyes , knowing the pause in pleasure was temporary , and when she thought he would come in her mouth , he withdrew .
tr	I	Now that the moment was finally upon me , it was a little frightening , but I was thrilled .
tr	I	I had a few while eating a good veal dish and the wine was pretty good .
tr	I	Nothing came of it , and you already did it .
tr	O	他慢慢地把头转向她，并且她本能地后退了一步。
tr	I	Mike 's looking at me through dark sunglasses in the rearview mirror , but Terrell has turned his body so that he 's facing me .
tr	O	我必须小心翼翼地隐藏我的想法，并且迄今为止，我一直很成功。
tr	O	他密切地注视着我，并且我试图保持我的表情中立。
tr	I	It wasn 't a risk she was willing to take , but there was always a chance he had been bluffing .
tr	O	我的膝盖总是擦伤的，并且我的脸通常很脏。
tr	I	Anger gave me all of the determination I needed , but Guilt did me no good right now .
tr	O	我保证不会打扰你，但是我将找到一种方法来改变你的想法，无论需要多长时间。
tr	O	她去打我的手臂，但是我抓住了她的手。
tr	O	她又大口咽了一次，并且我注意到她的手在颤抖。
tr	I	He wasn 't utterly retarded at least , but Cain wouldn 't call him a smart demon .
tr	O	她想告诉他其余的事情，但是她被迫保持沉默。
tr	I	There are many more that would likely go unnoticed , except by someone with my widespread access to information , but those are the most visible examples .
tr	O	她的未来是安全的，并且他是一个非常好的对象。
tr	I	He doesn 't step outside but the elevator slides open .
tr	O	一声巨响让她猛地一惊，并且她转身看到拉斐尔降落，双膝微屈，就在离她几英尺远的地方。
tr	I	I this last wall is blocked to me , yet I have traveled far to return to you .
tr	O	旋转门重新出现了，并且霓虹灯的“出口”标志在它上方。
tr	I	All of these words had help , and it 's a story about words .
tr	I	I need you here but I 'm sorry it 's all gone to shit .
tr	O	我理解这一点，并且我会遵守。
tr	I	To the best of my ability I 'd forgiven him , but I wasn 't forgetting Danny Chesterfield anytime soon .
tr	O	他的目光落到幽灵身上，并且他看起来更加恼火了。
tr	O	她的手肘猛击着他，并且她的双腿踢着他。
tr	I	We drove through them and the tall gates slid open .
tr	I	Dean enjoyed it immensely , clapping madly at the end of every number and they were given front-row seats for the musical .
tr	O	琳达从洗手间回来了，并且约翰和那只郊狼一起走了进来。
tr	O	引擎轰鸣着启动了，并且银色梅赛德斯沿着街道蜿蜒而去。
tr	O	他比你高，并且这会暴露他的双腿。
tr	I	She 'd given them to Jacey , but those were his words , his .
tr	O	当她拉开时，她让我吸一口，并且然后她自己把最后那一口吸完才牵我的手。
tr	I	Most paranormals did ... until they were ready to let their beasts out to play , but he looked human .
tr	O	大卫指向桌边的每一个人，并且每个人都随着他的动作起身打招呼。
tr	O	雪莉对奥森尖叫，但是他没有理会她。
tr	I	The amusement didn 't reach his eyes , but it was a look Cassie recognized well .
tr	I	If I want to fire every motherfucker on the board that my father set in place , I will and this club is mine !
tr	I	No visible part of her body is moving and she stands off to the side , staring down at the floor .
tr	I	Right then I knew , and it was red like the film on Max 's shoulder .
tr	I	My airway clears , and I nod .
tr	I	She appeared to be asleep , but her back was to me .
tr	O	他是一个很注重细节的人，而且我完全信任他。
tr	I	Then he drew her into his arms , and he spoke to the woman once again .
tr	I	She felt silly complaining , but she should have brought the matter to Zev 's attention .
tr	I	The tilt got worse , but he shook his head .
tr	I	He conceded a step and his mouth fell open .
tr	I	He was still reticent to attack with his right hand and Mike 's lack of left-handed dexterity was becoming painfully obvious .
tr	I	Her expression was kind and her eyes were soft .
tr	O	他的下巴在他的皮肤下抽动，并且他向下看去。
tr	O	金发男抬头，对被打扰感到不悦，但是当他仔细看到加勒特的表情时，不悦很快就消退了。
tr	I	He wasn 't dead , yet he fell over , thick dark blobs staining the snow .
tr	O	其他人正在互相低语，当我和瑞安并肩而立，一言不发，离门最远时。
tr	I	That 's why I didn 't ring , and I was just busy all yesterday .
tr	I	I 'm still clutching the crystal ball my father gave me , but I would think that what had just happened was a dream .
tr	O	达伦为庆祝他返家的小周五夜庆祝活动结束了，并且是时候进行一次漫长、迟来而又推心置腹的谈话了。
tr	I	She 'd fallen for him so hard she could still feel the bruises twenty-three years later , and Alexander was the only man she 'd ever loved .
tr	I	There was a graveyard of wrappers glittering in the dim light and I 'd spent a ludicrous amount on overpriced room service chocolate .
tr	I	The murdered women had been found right on the border of the park , and Yosemite National Park was federal land .
tr	O	我知道他会的，并且他做到了。
tr	O	我说“爱”时声音沙哑了，并且她点了点头，眼神暗了下去。
tr	O	他们爬上了一个由纹理丰富的木材制成的开放式楼梯，并且天花板上镶嵌着玻璃孔。
tr	O	她是他的女人，并且当他把她找回来的时候，他再也不会让她离开他的视线。
tr	O	她说了些我没听清的话，并且他的酒窝绽开了笑容。
tr	O	他常走的那条路不是最快的，但是他认为它是风景最优美的。
tr	I	The pain , with every inch of his hips , was unendurable , but he tried to shuffle his body , so that it faced upwards .
tr	O	有时我们能把球从网上传回来，但是他们设法迅速做出反应。
tr	O	吉米抛开了他的惊讶，并且他的领导本能启动了。
tr	I	We still just stared at each other , and the doorbell rang again .
tr	O	话就这么脱口而出了，并且我立刻感到很后悔。
tr	I	It was his high taxes against which they rebelled and these rebels were from the King 's own lands .
tr	O	黛拉回头看了看术士，并且他的小指头还伸着。
tr	O	行程结束后，我的腿都软了，并且我不得不坐在一块大石头上。
tr	O	她已经爱上了利亚姆，但是她从未真正深爱过。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I never exhibited such primitive behavior before .
tr	I	My hands immediately frame her face , and the money hits the floor .
tr	I	They came to him but he couldn 't understand them .
tr	O	温克勒打鼾比特拉扬还响，但是特雷斯根本没有打鼾。
tr	I	I could tell she was asking if she was okay , but they were too far away for me to hear what was said .
tr	O	她走上台阶，并且他审视着她的一举一动。
tr	O	他们俩都和我的前男友的兄弟会成员约会，并且这意味着接下来的四个月会极其尴尬。
tr	O	约翰关上了我们身后的活板门，并且一旦陷入黑暗，我就长叹了一口气。
tr	I	I don 't care if you never speak to me again , and I don 't care if I get caught by the cops .
tr	I	She was angrier than I had ever seen her , and Amy 's eyes were blazing fire .
tr	I	For some reason , he let Caroline get away with it , but Dev wasn 't the type to be ignored .
tr	O	最后一段线从边缘被抽出，并且整根绳子都绷紧了。
tr	I	She was wearing her favorite Oregon Ducks sweatshirt - and her blonde hair was pulled back in a pink scrunchie - her favorite color .
tr	O	一声水花响，并且她对那恐惧闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	She won 't remember I asked them and maybe I should ask her some questions .
tr	I	The guy saw us a waved and Riley stepped up next to me .
tr	O	她仍然心存疑虑，但是至少这次她知道该怎么做了。
tr	O	风抽打着她的脸，并且她把轻薄夹克的领子拉到耳边。
tr	O	我顺着他的目光看去，并且我的胃抽搐了一下。
tr	I	She knew the kid heard it too but a sudden distant sound of siren filled her with relief .
tr	I	The deer lies still and he fires point blank .
tr	I	You have and I don 't ever remember getting along with anybody like me .
tr	I	Charlie quickly followed them , and Elizabeth clapped her hands .
tr	I	She should be safe , but I have no doubt that she is scared .
tr	I	Having faith is hard , so very much harder than despair , but I must have faith .
tr	O	他在坠入黑暗时呻吟着，但是林间空地在渐浓的暮色中仍然一片宁静的昏暗。
tr	O	他把后门开着，并且她走了进去。
tr	I	I was also going to get some dough , but oh , she was gon na leave a chunk to the hospital .
tr	O	空气中弥漫着浓重的血腥味，并且我跨过那男人的尸体，领着追踪者走向湖边。
tr	I	If the circumstances were different , we would have had time to plan something different , and I know this impromptu wedding has been less than ideal .
tr	O	你没有麻烦，但是将来你需要让我们知道你在哪里。
tr	I	I was paying for the early mornings , but I hadn 't meant to fall asleep .
tr	O	他略带胡茬的脸轻轻地蹭着我的，并且他用非常轻柔的声音在我耳边跟着歌唱。
tr	O	她笑了，并且我感觉她好像扇了我一耳光。
tr	I	A different frequency began vibrating and a shiver went through her .
tr	I	I could see now how it might be useful to have some firearm training and he had his gun drawn .
tr	I	I loved it , but I didn 't want to admit it to anyone .
tr	O	那是我14岁的时候，并且那是因为我的朋友煽动了我。
tr	I	We clashed in the middle and my body launched itself into the air .
tr	O	他想剪掉它们，但是莎拉不允许。
tr	O	我们有一段时间没有发生任何冲突了，并且我正努力保持那样。
tr	O	唐尼拉出了她的椅子，并且她坐下后，他也照做了。
tr	O	埃格特小心地打开了她的办公室，并且他们走了进去。
tr	O	世界再次快速旋转起来，并且莎拉深深地吸了一口气。
tr	O	凉爽的空气拂过她的身体，并且一阵阵肉体的快感穿透了她。
tr	I	She shivered with anticipation , and chills ran through her .
tr	O	特雷弗是个大块头，而且他可不是以轻手轻脚而闻名。
tr	O	安德鲁用尽全力来救我，并且你们三个似乎都因努力的强度而发光。
tr	O	我告诉你们发生了什么事，而且你们想搞这种把戏。
tr	I	It slides slowly down my bare arm , and he rests a hand on my shoulder .
tr	I	Blood was running down his shirt and one of them had taken a bite out of him .
tr	O	再一次...，并且然后它便平息为一连串低语。
tr	O	记起原因让她嘴角露出一丝微笑，并且她全身都感到酥麻。
tr	I	His eyes watered and he was flabbergasted .
tr	I	There was a scream and the wood splintered .
tr	I	I have no choice and I 'm a Heroine .
tr	I	They become glass In atomic heat And my eyes squint at the mountains .
tr	I	We can 't and you can yell ?
tr	O	她又哭了，而且这简直令人心碎。
tr	I	I doubt I 'll ever make a profit , and Let 's just say it wasn 't quick .
tr	O	梦境通常会对我产生那种影响，而且我讨厌它。
tr	I	He definitely needed some more time to wake up and he was not going to skip the most important meal of the day .
tr	O	他们所有人都携带着武器，而且他们所有人都态度认真。
tr	O	在我看来，我是一个落难少女，而且他们是救了我的身披闪亮盔甲的骑士。
tr	O	艾弗里医生看起来很生气，但是厄内斯特不在乎。
tr	I	She really didn 't want to know , but she asked it .
tr	O	他开始转身，而且他面无表情。
tr	O	我感觉他正在崇拜我，而且光是想到这个男人如此渴望我，就让我再次呻吟。
tr	I	I could hear his heart thumping through his wide chest , and he was breathing hard .
tr	I	The queen would have escaped , or we had to keep going .
tr	O	他用消毒药膏清洗了伤口，而且施加直接压力止住了血。
tr	O	他们不知道她为了来到这里经历了什么，而且现在不是告诉他们的时候。
tr	O	我的语气明显生硬，并且杰克逊停顿了一下才站起来。
tr	O	他向其他西装男子中的一个示意，并且他把一张卡片放在桌上。
tr	O	这绝对不是丹所期望的，并且他现在才意识到自己欺骗自己有多彻底。
tr	O	我耐心等待他的文件出现，并且当它出现时，我喘出一口气。
tr	I	Daniel took great delight in offering an alternative reading , and each day , Mama interpreted the message for her .
tr	I	It had made for a nerve-racking week but she tried her best to reassure them .
tr	O	我转过身，并且她的脸若有所思。
tr	I	Caroline 's face burned , but Captain Hodge kept his voice noncommittal .
tr	O	我确信你不想听，但是我需要你知道这个。
tr	I	Those teenage years had been hell , but now he wouldn 't trade his Were status for anything .
tr	O	他没再说什么，并且我也没有主动回应。
tr	O	他掀起我衬衫的边缘，并且这足以把我弄醒。
tr	I	Now he was leaving and Adam was the first person he had talked to since this nightmare had started .
tr	O	我听取了她所说的话，并且我能理解她的担忧。
tr	I	His eyes narrowed suspiciously and the corners of the mouth she 'd once loved to kiss turned downward .
tr	I	He crossed the threshold into the living room and she stepped back .
tr	I	I held her tight , letting our heart rates slow down , and she collapsed on my chest .
tr	O	她忍住了一笑，并且他们都向前推进。
tr	O	橡胶碎片四处飞溅，并且捷豹车后部着地。
tr	I	Her fist connected with the hard muscles of his stomach , and she lashed out as he scrambled to grab her again .
tr	O	她听到他深吸了一口气，并且她在他的怀里颤抖着。
tr	O	门自己开了，并且我摔倒在尖锐的岩石上。
tr	I	Her body thrown out of the house into the clearing with the others and the girl was murdered .
tr	I	The hand on his shoulder dug into his flesh and he pulled her head back a little farther .
tr	O	我真的很喜欢他，但是一切都太容易了。
tr	O	我突然明白了，并且我的嘴唇在我说话时卷曲着。
tr	I	I hope I don 't have to kill her and she is sweet .
tr	I	This time she recognized it , and that uneasy feeling returned again .
tr	I	I 'll pretend that I 'm with you for Lulu 's birthday party , but I know I 'm super far away .
tr	I	They shouted at each other about who was right , and neither had done this before .
tr	O	他们不需要我，而且安吉琳也不是什么犯罪天才。
tr	O	我们身后的灯仍然完好无损，但是爆炸的列车摧毁了所有靠近门边的那些。
tr	O	他必须尽快采取行动，或者他就完了。
tr	O	这和酷刑一样，而且阿尔·索尔已经禁止了它。
tr	O	他开始张嘴想说什么，并且就在那时我被手机铃声吵醒了。
tr	O	他的声音现在只剩下咆哮了，而且我知道那些话是故意伤害我的。
tr	I	When they were combined with the poppers , it was deadly , and the gay community used a lot of antibiotics for various reasons .
tr	I	My eyes rolled into the back of my head and I relished it .
tr	I	Now her unruly hair was not the only thing out of place , but he hadn 't noticed earlier when he had gone into her room .
tr	I	It was a lot bigger than this kid was , but the lizard may not have seemed much of a threat .
tr	I	He let the subject go and obviously she didn 't want to discuss her mother .
tr	I	There was no way he intended to start , and he 'd never forced a woman before .
tr	I	I thought he was some kind of righteous lunatic , but after what Angelus tried to do to Marian , I knew he was a monster .
tr	O	此刻，取乐根本不在议程上，但是坚持我从未越过二垒现在也无济于事。
tr	O	几分钟后，女孩们就加入了她，而且她们每人点了一碗美味丰盛的炖菜，还配了一些热茶。
tr	I	I don 't go out much at night , and not too many are home during the day .
tr	O	她拍打着周围的黑暗，但是它却不肯散去。
tr	I	She turned the corner at the next intersection so he couldn 't get a license plate number and the rest of her was a blur .
tr	I	She jogged the distance to catch up and he stopped .
tr	I	It wasn 't ... but it was her .
tr	I	I have recently expanded out into literary fiction but much of my work is in the science fiction genre .
tr	O	Adrian 的声音将我从恍惚中惊醒，并且我设法透过沉重的眼皮望向他。
tr	I	He couldn 't see Varg , but Tavi approached the darkened cell .
tr	O	Zinger 什么也没说，但是他因走路而呼吸急促。
tr	I	I will help you as soon as I can but my magic cannot cross the frontier before me .
tr	O	萨姆在她从他们寄来的东西中发现它时非常惊讶，但是她随即意识到她不应该惊讶。
tr	O	我能感觉到约书亚在床边走动，但是我不太确定他在哪里。
tr	O	他曾两次差点杀死猎物，并且尽管那应该让他震惊，但几乎没有引起一丝担忧。
tr	I	She swallowed every drop , and seed jetted from him .
tr	O	他希望那只是老鼠般无害的东西，但是它的动作却暗示着一个远比那更怪异的形状。
tr	O	她问我是否还好，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	I took it , and Evan offered me his hand .
tr	I	The two of them moved to the hearth where the light was better , and Talon produced the scroll for Thomas to read .
tr	O	老人们挡住了乔纳的视线，但是他猜想那一定是迪恩。
tr	O	悉尼说她有一个弟弟萨米，但是他五岁时就去世了。
tr	O	她知道国王很富有，但是这超出了她最疯狂的期望。
tr	I	Then he could see the strain ripple across her forehead , and she leaned her forehead against it , closed her eyes .
tr	O	我能闻到柴油的烟味，而且它们太浓了。
tr	O	埃里克放了两瓶血进去，而且我把它们移到了一边。
tr	I	The Sentinel yelped and bones snapped .
tr	O	脚下的地面通常很坚实，而且空气有一种中性的气味。
tr	O	它看起来是她两倍大，但是她用得炉火纯青。
tr	I	Finally Knox sighed , and several long seconds passed .
tr	I	Her face was turned toward the heavens , a peaceful look on her beautiful face and her eyes were closed .
tr	O	我脱下内裤，并且他站着，当他的平角内裤脱落时。
tr	O	它们深埋在我的潜意识中，而且我努力挖掘它们，即使是为了费舍尔。
tr	O	艾比的嘴角抽动了一下，但是她已经穿上了她的连衣裙。
tr	O	他会做任何事来保护她的安全，并且她也会为他做同样的事。
tr	O	她很不愿意承认这一点，但是她是个电脑白痴。
tr	O	他在教堂后面看到了莱斯利，并且他感到一阵不安。
tr	O	我讨厌对他保守秘密，但是我必须在做出正确决定之前把事情想清楚。
tr	I	The man sat upright , and the dog flew through the air .
tr	I	I don 't think it 's anybody here and I went through the list of residents today .
tr	O	扎克问，并且我只是摇了摇头。
tr	O	她可以告诉别人他是在他们蜜月期间去世的，并且没有人能够反驳。
tr	O	我爸爸尴尬地看着我，并且我决定打破沉默。
tr	O	我们确实离他们的土地很近，但是我们不在上面。
tr	I	She sucked in a breath , and his warm grip on her hand swayed her toward the former .
tr	O	她还没有显得歇斯底里，并且他想让事情保持原样。
tr	I	This one seemed to be coming from a corner of the room but there was another giggle as well .
tr	I	He didn 't respond and I waited ten minutes .
tr	I	Today I 'm bent over Bishop , and Chapter Fourteen Penny So yesterday I was at school all bent over Mitch .
tr	I	They ran for the shore , laughing and before he could recover , Choo Co La Tah had yanked his loincloth off .
tr	I	I didn 't relent , and I was much stronger .
tr	O	城堡里每个人都应该已经坐下吃晚饭了，并且这意味着艾米蒂很可能就在我们预期的地方——厨房里。
tr	I	Well he shouldn 't , and he wouldn 't open up to me .
tr	O	你是我最喜欢纠缠的人，并且我觉得今天其他人都不行。
tr	O	有十个参赛作品，但是其中有三个脱颖而出。
tr	I	The smell was just too strong , but I tried to close my nose .
tr	O	我的心开始超速跳动，并且我以为自己可能会晕过去。
tr	O	她也是一个叛徒，或者至少参与了工业间谍活动。
tr	I	I kissed him back hard , breathing him in as best I could and his mouth found mine again .
tr	I	I didn 't want it again , and I had lived that life before .
tr	I	My face scrunched up and I tilted my head .
tr	I	He was nearly lost , and she breathed his name .
tr	I	Now he knew that he wasn 't , but he thought he was .
tr	O	她的珠宝不见了，但是她确实有一些白色的木制发夹。
tr	I	Spots formed in front of his eyes , and all the breath seemed to leave him .
tr	I	I couldn 't muster anything other than moans when his mouth dove back inside ... but he was making me work for it .
tr	I	The Roseville town square felt like another world , but we were only two miles away from school .
tr	O	它的报酬不多，但是她还是设法让我们维持了下来。
tr	O	露易莎现在正滑向她的下一个受害者，但是她被那个女人惊到了。
tr	I	Her hand was icy cold , but she had a firm grip .
tr	I	He could not even let out a cry and his limbs had already got numbed .
tr	O	我准备好不择手段了，但是没想到会是这样。
tr	O	我非常喜欢艺术，并且那是我最喜欢的课程。
tr	I	She ordered a mimosa and the waiter came over .
tr	I	Frankly she was concerned , but she tried to be encouraging .
tr	O	他在十一点停止服务之前赶到了餐厅，但是那是千钧一发。
tr	I	They accompanied their friends to the front door and he slipped his arm around Corrie 's waist .
tr	O	菲奥娜张开了嘴，但是没有一个字说出来。
tr	O	看起来我们周围的人都喝醉了，包括我们团队中的一些人，但是我们可是住在纽约市啊。
tr	O	我一直都只想要对我孩子们最好的，而且看起来我在某些方面辜负了他们所有人。
tr	O	我想居功，但是你似乎有比我聪明得多的敌人。
tr	I	Shana saw that the corners of his mouth quivered , but he looked down .
tr	O	自从我们到了这里，她就没停止哭泣，但是我们几分钟后就要走了。
tr	O	十年过去了，而且他变得让我无法想象。
tr	O	我明白亚历克斯的想法，但是这并不能让我的内心空虚感好受一点。
tr	O	这将是你的选择，但是我是个赌徒。
tr	O	我做这些事很多年了，但是它们让我感到无限厌烦，因为我知道这一切都是徒劳的。
tr	O	赛莱斯特僵在原地，并且杰夫把她拉回小甲板上。
tr	I	Today was one of them , but Chapter Two Three months later There were very few days Rose wished she were an actual witch .
tr	I	Five minutes later , someone shook my shoulder , but I would have sworn it didn 't work .
tr	O	他父亲什么也没说，并且多利安继续着，心跳加速。
tr	O	这是一个简单的问题，但是没有简单的答案。
tr	O	它让我变得迟钝，减慢了我的反应，并且为了防御，我的身体没有产生肾上腺素。
tr	I	There was nothing frisky going on anymore , but he was still on top of me .
tr	O	你会醒来，并且你会把那些我等了这么久的话告诉我。
tr	I	He lifted up to let her get them off and she pushed his pants down .
tr	O	凯文不知道他这一生被分配了多少次机会，但是他不会浪费这一次。
tr	I	Its absence wouldn 't have gone unappreciated too , but it wasn 't exactly bad to look at .
tr	I	Only the television illuminated the room and curtains had been pulled .
tr	O	如今，先进的电子设备不需要任何可见的放大手段，但是即使没有它，也没有人会错过任何东西。
tr	O	摄像机平移了，并且我看到她坐在椅子上。
tr	I	Some were flat on the ground and they were still on their knees .
tr	O	我只离开了他半天，而且他的缺席就已经令人痛苦不堪了。
tr	I	Eventually , I hear the rumble of Noah 's car pulling up , but it seems to take forever .
tr	O	他可能看起来很严肃，但是他经常跳舞。
tr	I	I don 't dare inch closer but my eyes scan his face for signs of a fever .
tr	I	The crowd settled down and the lights dimmed slightly .
tr	O	只有下午五点，并且她直到第二天才能到贝尔沃堡报到。
tr	O	安布罗斯做了一个罗马式的手势，竖起大拇指，并且波洛尼乌斯把刀插入了他的腰带。
tr	I	I remember one of the nurses and I was having my appendix out at the local hospital .
tr	I	At the moment she was infused with it and Hope could be a powerful drug .
tr	I	There was no documentation on their findings , but my father had created the members of The Courant to figure out .
tr	O	她以为会感到内疚，但是那也没有发生。
tr	O	我能看出事情的发展方向，并且我的心开始为她隐隐作痛。
tr	I	He had to figure out her involvement in this mess , and she was driving him insane .
tr	O	胶带让他很烦，并且伤口已经开始愈合。
tr	I	I just don 't know anymore , but well , Reece was my friend .
tr	I	Anyone who did not live close to where they were stopped was being rounded up , and the Russians were asking for papers .
tr	O	这些人看起来没有威胁性，并且他没看到他们有任何武器。
tr	O	那是假的，并且这是真的。
tr	O	她没有回答，并且当我看着她时，我看到了她脸上的悲伤。
tr	O	我终于完成了，并且你已经走了。
tr	O	她能做的事情对人类来说很不寻常，但是她现在已经属于那些会接受她的人了。
tr	I	My father is beating me and I have this reoccurring dream where I 'm back at the pool house .
tr	O	她的声音嘶哑了，并且一滴小小的眼泪顺着她的脸颊流下。
tr	O	阿比用全身的力气顶住门不让它关上，并且在我醉酒的状态下，我没有反抗她。
tr	I	Cliff set both pieces on the counter , slathering them with a thick coating of peanut butter and his toast popped up .
tr	I	There was no way she would be able to remain conscious without it , and her pewter would be gone soon .
tr	O	他们让它们融化，品尝着风味逐渐展开，但是他们今天没有谈论他们尝到了什么。
tr	O	她凑近了，并且我闻到了她只在周日用的香水味。
tr	O	他在缓缓停下时高兴地欢呼，并且我伸手去抓阿马尔的前臂。
tr	O	她因为自己的厄运而咒骂拉什，并且他自己也挨了不少打。
tr	I	They had not told him what it was , but he thought this had a significance , too .
tr	I	It hadn 't been like the girl was doing anything important -- and on the other hand it was only fifteen minutes .
tr	O	她听起来很生气，而且我不知道为什么。
tr	I	I decided to put him out of his misery and keeping his thoughts pent up looked painful for him .
tr	I	That gave me an idea , and I had a feeling I knew .
tr	O	当他的头低下时，她用肘部猛击他的脸，并且他猛地撞在墙上直立不动。
tr	O	我为他的转变感到非常自豪，而且有时我真的很想念他那富有感染力的笑容。
tr	I	It was the not knowing that anguished me and he could have been any of those things .
tr	O	他的声音在低语，但是他的心在呐喊。
tr	I	There was nothing , but she glanced around to check for signs of buildings .
tr	O	什么都不管用，所以我无法记录时间，但是我知道日子更长了。
tr	O	她的胸口收紧了，但是她继续前行。
tr	O	战场上磨砺出的面容不再显示出任何情绪，然而他仍然无法完全掩饰眼中蕴藏的火焰。
tr	I	I think we 're starting to get on each other 's nerves , and we 've ail been stuck inside since yesterday because of the rain .
tr	O	他生平第一次感到完整，而且他要感谢这个了不起的女人。
tr	O	我把别人不想看到的污物拿走，并且我把它埋了。
tr	O	我在公寓里走动时给布拉克斯发了条短信，检查我的所有窗户是否闩好，并且我的前门是否锁上。
tr	O	桌旁陷入一片寂静，并且我为一个决定而挣扎。
tr	O	阿里张大了嘴巴，但是什么话也没说出来。
tr	I	It makes no difference now , but I struggle to regain control .
tr	I	She was free and all she had to do was get around the Subaru .
tr	I	We walked outside , and I paid .
tr	O	我们回到牧场，并且太阳正要落下。
tr	O	他醒来发现自己躺在一张白色的床上，并且月光透过一扇开着的窗户照进来。
tr	I	I look at Brand and she bustles away .
tr	I	Her thumb started stroking the back of my hand and we laced our fingers .
tr	I	He loved the chance to work it off , and Dougal had a lot of anger in him .
tr	I	Her breathing sped up and Grace 's grip on my arms tightened .
tr	I	In the end they were back where they started but they had tossed around some improbably ideas about escape .
tr	I	Then I 'll start expanding the ruse , and I 'll let him run around here for a while .
tr	O	把那个与军队的计划结合起来，并且不需要天才也能弄明白。
tr	I	You need time to heal and it 's not going anywhere .
tr	O	她的呼吸变慢，并且然后它们停止了。
tr	O	他驼着背，并且他唯一的胳膊纹丝不动地垂在他身侧。
tr	O	我们周日发过短信，但是他没有回我的电话。
tr	O	他向前迈了一步，但是甘道夫用手拦住了他。
tr	I	Adam found himself engaged to the daughter of a high-ranking Colonial officer , and eventually the two fell in love on the eve of civil war .
tr	O	热咖啡洒在了她的手腕上，并且她因突如其来的疼痛而倒吸一口气。
tr	I	Randy Carter could turn , but turn - turn - blackness on every side .
tr	I	My eyelids sank against the stark fluorescent lights , and my bones filled with iron , refusing to move .
tr	I	Slowly his mouth turned up at the corners as he smiled and when he opened his eyes , he looked at his family .
tr	O	没有人告诉她这次该穿什么，并且她太习惯家乡的音乐俱乐部了。
tr	O	布雷泽选择了一个红色的，并且德斯选择了一个黑色的。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，但是他的目光从未离开她的脸。
tr	O	那个泼妇扑向埃利奥特的画面在我脑海中反复播放，但是我正在往里面添加东西。
tr	O	我感觉到汗水从皮肤里冒出来，并且我的胸口因无法呼吸而灼痛。
tr	O	这似乎安抚了那个小坏蛋，并且他向骑兵们吼了几声命令。
tr	I	She was aware of a softer , humming sound beneath the buzzing , and something touched her face lightly , like a feather , tickling it .
tr	I	She heard him sigh , but he didn 't look at her .
tr	I	This was the first time I was reluctant to fulfill my duty , but this had been part of my life since I settled in America .
tr	I	Then his eyes opened , and there was another pause .
tr	O	蔡斯已经搬进了房子，并且他们表现得像新婚夫妇一样，她想他们也确实是，因为蔡斯已经离开七年了。
tr	O	他打断我的时候，声音听起来很傲慢，并且我向大海伸了伸舌头。
tr	I	She tilted her head to the side and Tammy watched her Gran 's eyes lower .
tr	I	I heard the murmurs erupt as soon as my back was turned , and they fell silent as I passed , staring at me with wide eyes .
tr	I	He couldn 't raise his rifle to aim and it was packed tight .
tr	I	Now it is happening to us and it happened to Roland .
tr	O	他在椅子上坐立不安，并且我放心地握住了他的手。
tr	I	For any future children we have and that means I 'd lay down my life for you .
tr	I	That had to be it and Tess 's welfare connected them .
tr	I	A second ring , wider , formed around it , and the first circle filled up with wooden shavings .
tr	O	犯人问道，并且女孩短暂地停了下来。
tr	O	她试图站稳脚跟让他停下来，但是他比她强壮得多。
tr	I	The ranks of spearmen hastily climbed to their feet , and a cloud of them closed on the Slav ranks .
tr	O	我们已经在这里待了将近六个月了，并且我仍然对他着迷不已。
tr	I	England knew it and he wasn 't .
tr	I	My heart cracked just a little , and his hand reached for a gun that wasn 't there .
tr	O	他决定今天要把另外几幅画画完，并且明天他会去抗议现场。
tr	I	His mother had always been there for him , but growing up in Texas had been rough for Sam at times .
tr	O	我不应该接话，但是我接了。
tr	O	她的手把手套揉成一团，并且她抽泣起来。
tr	I	She was scared , but Sam almost found it comical .
tr	O	我曾想过要用力抬起膝盖，但是我有一种预感，他不会像个普通人那样反应。
tr	I	When she paused , he nodded , encouraging her to continue , and Jake could hear the affection in her voice .
tr	I	He instructed them to cover their mouths with their shirts , and the acrid smell of fresh smoke hung in the air .
tr	I	That was it , and the Battle Arts Master sat .
tr	I	She couldn 't define it , but she wondered what it was .
tr	I	My brain wouldn 't quiet down , but I expected to fall asleep immediately .
tr	O	他会毁了她，并且这次就不会再剩下任何东西可以重新开始了。
tr	I	Eventually my instincts kicked in , and she yanked hard against me .
tr	O	朱利安看向人行道，尼克和另外几个人向前走去。
tr	O	他想说话，但是他不打算再让她阻止他了。
tr	O	就在这时我的电话响了，并且事情变得非常糟糕。
tr	O	我叫了他的名字几声，但是他没有回应。
tr	O	她的嘴巴张开了，并且我对着爱丽丝笑了笑。
tr	I	His mouth landed on mine and I tilted my head up .
tr	O	他的手臂碰到了我的，并且我后退了一步。
tr	I	He 'd have the American within his sight line again , and all he had to do was cross the street .
tr	O	我的咕哝声变成了尖叫声，并且他减速到几乎不动。
tr	O	斯蒂芬的表情没有改变，但是他眼睛里有什么东西认出了我的善意。
tr	O	它会足够大以密封面罩，并且它会由树脂固定到位。
tr	I	Randy quickly climbed out of the truck and they parked in the open spot in front of their door .
tr	I	She turned on her side , curling deeper into the pillows , and several times her lashes drifted down .
tr	I	He grinned at me , but his eyelashes were wet .
tr	O	他套房的门打开了，并且她以为那肯定是女仆。
tr	I	It 's hard when you have such a wonderful tool , but I had to be careful not to be too good .
tr	O	那是任何人能做到的最好的了，并且比克莱尔想要的还要多，反正。
tr	O	袭击后的第一次是我的初次，并且 Eliot 让它很温柔。
tr	O	他知道这会以糟糕告终，但是他没有预料到会遭受痛苦。
tr	I	She let me take the lead , but Jillian had interjected occasionally .
tr	O	她不在乎约翰是否不高兴，并且约翰不会做任何事伤害玛雅，至少在他恢复记忆之前不会。
tr	O	风平静下来了，并且两个男人像陌生人一样对视了一会儿。
tr	O	她照办了，并且他小心翼翼地拿起枪。
tr	I	He didn 't wipe it away , but I don 't know if he felt it .
tr	I	It will be absorbed now and Trifecta , in its entirety , will be absorbed by Frost Industries .
tr	O	海丝特在婚后不久重新设计了空间，并且其风格反映了她天生的乐观。
tr	I	I feel myself heat rise through my body and she winks at me .
tr	O	这是自私的，但是她确实想找到那个能无条件爱她的人。
tr	O	他不知道自己会从哪里找到第二次离开的力气，但是他会做到。
tr	I	She didn 't operate that way , but she 'd seen countless women do just that .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but Adam 's screech echoed .
tr	O	我没做错任何事，并且我即将入狱。
tr	O	医生们将不得不密切监测他，并且如果运气好，他会挺过去的。
tr	I	He looked at me expectantly and I looked up at Victor .
tr	I	It wasn 't very convincing , but -- She said .
tr	O	你从不抱怨它，但是我知道你仍在处理事故的后遗症。
tr	O	我觉得它看起来很荒谬，但是凯蒂却有点喜欢它。
tr	O	他不再有那种控制力强迫我成为他生活方式的一部分，而且我想这一定让他非常不安。
tr	I	His expression was getting cuter , but his arguments were getting weaker .
tr	O	我从逻辑上知道这意味着什么，但是现在我看到了它的实际运作。
tr	O	没有灯亮着，但是我能把一切看得一清二楚。
tr	O	我转过头去看她，但是她却盯着窗外，好像在寻找什么。
tr	O	灰尘覆盖了我衬衫的前面，并且硬币散落在我周围。
tr	I	A lock of dirty hair falls into his eyes , and the rings in his face shine .
tr	I	We waited in silence as it rolled open for us , and Asher eased the car to a stop at the gate .
tr	I	It popped open and Hiro picked one .
tr	O	这一击将那人向后抛出了几码，并且他笨拙地摔倒在石头上。
tr	O	她竭尽所能地从几个州以外调查马克·鲍尔，但是她还有一招未施展。
tr	O	我张开嘴想尖叫，但是没有声音。
tr	I	I didn 't have the patience to carry on with our little game , and I needed him , suddenly , urgently .
tr	O	有人尖叫起来，并且像波浪一样，所有人都趴到地上，一个排球大小的火球划过空中。
tr	I	His expression had closed , but his word was open .
tr	I	He continued while he had the chance , but the tone of Dale 's clipped answers told Ice he was trying the other boy 's patience .
tr	O	我们不怎么互相交谈，并且我们也不怎么一起玩乐。
tr	I	I still thought it was important , but there wasn 't really a reason for it , after the no dating mandate .
tr	I	Her head held high and looking at him coldly .
tr	O	我狠狠地瞪了他一眼，并且他不好意思地笑了笑。
tr	I	Suddenly she didn 't want to talk , and Rema knew the fabric was for her wedding dress .
tr	I	Never completely quenching his thirst , but Kissing Mia was like drinking .
tr	O	那天是个暖和的日子，但是当她晚饭后走回宿舍时，晚上已经变得有点冷了。
tr	I	That was probably just a hoax , but a few of them might look like people .
tr	O	June是一个蹒跚学步的孩子，并且我正抱着她。
tr	I	She comes back to visit when she can , but she 's still gone .
tr	I	I care about him very much and Billy 's my past .
tr	O	他的血可能会杀死我，但是如果他没有这样做，我根本无法存活。
tr	O	她的脸亮了起来，并且她带着赛斯寸步不离地在我身边穿梭于人群中。
tr	I	You won 't be able to , but you think you can still live your lives under Valentine 's rule .
tr	I	I heard a heavy tread on the hardwood floor and the inside back porch light came on .
tr	O	现在我知道他是一个特别贪婪的人，一个吟游诗人，并且他只是为了自己的利益而绑架我。
tr	O	它是空的，但是他把它作为他初衷的提醒。
tr	O	她是“独处项目”的一部分，并且只需要最少的互动。
tr	I	His face darkened for a brief second , and Jax looked up at me swiftly .
tr	O	罗宾娜优雅地笑了，但是她的笑容并没有达到眼底。
tr	O	我的岳母牵着诺亚的手，并且他们消失在房子里。
tr	I	They lifted into the air and as soon as Sam climbed into the helicopter , the rotors started whirring .
tr	O	我藏在附近的山上，并且我看着他们把她放下。
tr	O	感到不知所措，她倒在他怀里，并且他用手臂搂住了她。
tr	I	I saw the edge of his mouth quirk up in a slight grin and he turned his head to look at me .
tr	I	It has been some time since your last one and you are not currently in a relationship .
tr	O	他正要高兴地嘶鸣，但是莫妮卡悄悄地捂住了他的嘴。
tr	O	我实际上没有听到那些话，或者至少我没这么认为。
tr	O	是的，是她，而且是的，她是真实的。
tr	I	The alarm is set and the doors are locked .
tr	O	我听到有人在喊，并且我过去看。
tr	I	A pistol played peek-a-boo from his shoulder holster , and the rifle in his hand seemed an extension of his being , like her sickles were .
tr	I	He clears it and his voice slightly trembles .
tr	I	She follows and I start walking .
tr	I	She winced as it grated over her skin and his voice sounded like sandpaper .
tr	O	然后我瞥了一眼他的正装靴，并且我想出了一个计划。
tr	I	He would not change his mind , and it was done .
tr	I	I can 't imagine that he will , and I 'm quite certain your husband would have to agree to a divorce .
tr	O	雅各布的计划奏效了，并且我们有水喝了。
tr	O	她的脸又有了些血色，并且她不再颤抖了。
tr	I	Allison grinned , and I gasped .
tr	O	瑞克的日程安排经常让他来西雅图，但是他很少有时间去看她。
tr	O	他从未怀疑过她会没事，但是听到她的消息仍是一种解脱。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是萨凡纳也一样。
tr	I	They were every bit as determined as Donovan was to right wrongs against victims , but they gave him shit about his soft spot .
tr	O	他的目光又回到了我身上，并且我们互相看着对方。
tr	O	我们到达时，一些人从藏身之处走了出来，但是没有准备的地区一片荒凉。
tr	O	他向她伸出手臂，并且她毫不犹豫地挽住了。
tr	I	I guess the last storm didn 't carry that much water , but I hadn 't noticed .
tr	I	To my surprise , I rise a good two feet off the floor , and my feet lift off the ground , soft as a feather .
tr	I	It didn 't feel right , but she was going to leave without another question , just like I needed her to .
tr	O	火本身可能不会伤害她，但是大楼正在倒塌。
tr	I	Willow cringed back and they were filled with anger .
tr	O	那个吻很美妙，并且她想要另一个，一个缠绵的，而不是匆匆掠过的。
tr	O	我可以说我很失望，但是我没有。
tr	O	苏茜将自己推到VIN旁边，并且他们进入了一个完全不同的世界。
tr	I	Many more survived , but many had died .
tr	I	You two were laughing and I came down .
tr	I	She knew it was late , but Grace couldn 't tell time .
tr	I	I pretty much alternate them , and there are two I like .
tr	O	他们不能拆掉这个角落，并且他们终于要走了。
tr	O	我拿起电话时试图让她安静下来，但是她却更坚持。
tr	O	我想你也会听到这件事，并且你也会做出同样的假设。
tr	I	The image of the girl remained completely untouched , and there was no heat , no smoke .
tr	I	The sound was building in intensity , but I still couldn 't see anything .
tr	I	I smirked and Clay suggested .
tr	O	她挥舞的肘部撞到我的眼睛，并且我向后倒去。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他放手了。
tr	O	我听她说了，但是我的目光锁定在大门上，尾灯消失在它们后面。
tr	I	He was going to miss that along with every other wonderful thing about Luna , and she had a gift for making him laugh .
tr	O	迦勒不确定那是否是一个如此积极的联想，但是他让它过去了，因为她还在说话。
tr	O	我的心怦怦直跳，并且我的嘴巴很干，所以我的声音吱吱作响地发出来。
tr	O	他们周末在华盛顿特区周边游览，并且蕾切尔简直不敢相信自己能和他在一起是多么开心。
tr	I	They moved the children east and there were others waiting on the outskirts to help .
tr	O	有六种不同的运动，并且如果我们要取消篮网球的话，那会让很多孩子，尤其是女孩子们失望的。
tr	I	She might be wearing a wig but she 's petite , blond with shorter hair .
tr	O	人群咆哮起来，并且近旁香农能听到一个法国女孩尖叫着朱利安，朱利安。
tr	O	随后一种坠落感慢慢占据了他的头脑，但是他并没有感到害怕。
tr	I	He was pretty sure he knew why and she 'd been traumatized .
tr	O	在任何其他的日子我都会和他打一架，但是这一切都不是他的错。
tr	O	茶几上摆着实用的台灯，配着朴素的白色灯罩，并且米兰达在房间里加了些水晶摆件。
tr	O	那个吻足以再次拨动开关，而且突然间，他在我怀里充满了温暖的潜能。
tr	O	我走过去的时候，他与我四目相对，并且违背我本来的判断，我坐在了他对面。
tr	O	我从来就不是个擅长撒谎的人，而且这次也不例外。
tr	I	You 'd figure out that she wasn 't from our world and I kept wondering if she 'd slip up .
tr	O	我威胁他要把他告上法庭，并且他同意赔钱，而不是当众揭丑。
tr	O	我们都在一样的课上，但是他却什么也没做。
tr	I	He was watching us and I glanced at Tate .
tr	O	另外五个女孩走近了，并且我在做出任何突然动作之前等待着。
tr	O	它有一双对猴子来说很长的腿，并且他也没看到尾巴。
tr	O	他立刻给他父亲打电话，并且他们已经命令他回家了。
tr	I	That scared her even more , and it seemed to make sense .
tr	I	A door slid open , leading down another corridor , and the sergeant pressed her finger to a scanner .
tr	I	That 's what I intended to be , and I 'd told Dorian I was human .
tr	O	我只是需要一些事情来分散自己的注意力，并且答案似乎是个不错的消遣。
tr	I	Its truth consumed the room , yet that statement came so quiet .
tr	I	He jolts and I lay a hand on his arm .
tr	I	Skylar pouted and Noah started .
tr	I	The pain is so intense I cannot make out what they are saying , but I hear arguing coming from just past the door .
tr	O	那是孤注一掷，但是他必须尝试。
tr	O	他开始向我倾身，但是我抗议了。
tr	O	投资者往往不知道他们的钱去了哪里，而且只要有回报，就更少有人真正关心。
tr	O	她被直接扔进了深水区，但是她正在游泳。
tr	I	It 's going to be us , and they 've targeted their next city .
tr	I	Sheets of tin had been hammered over the skeleton , and the shingles on the weather side had been blown off long ago .
tr	I	Mouth is gagged and he 's staring at the man who 's hands are tied .
tr	O	抽血不到一分钟，并且一切都完成了。
tr	I	I 'm about to attempt to find out , but I 'm not even sure I believe in fun anymore .
tr	I	After three failures , we no longer made the attempt , but we often wished we could turn females .
tr	I	She forced her voice to remain calm , and her sweaty grip tightened around the phone .
tr	I	The moment she started talking she couldn 't seem to stop , but biting her lip she tried to stop the flow of words .
tr	I	The light begins to dim and I blink a few times .
tr	O	我把它捡了起来，并且它在我手里是温热的。
tr	O	我答应过你我不会写你的故事，并且我信守了诺言。
tr	I	Dressed rather oddly in clothes befitting a young teenaged hip-hop fan , but stepping in to that living room was another elderly man .
tr	I	A local news teaser came on , and the little TV behind the counter broke for commercials .
tr	O	窗户都被木板封起来了，并且整个院子都被至少五英尺厚的雪覆盖着，除了一个最近铲过雪的小路。
tr	I	I was in fact hungry , and I thought about it .
tr	I	He was doing her a favor , but Beth Ann didn 't realize it .
tr	O	她试图把手抽回来，但是他没有松开。
tr	I	I really need to get Mickey somewhere safe until we sort this out , but I can 't tell you about it .
tr	I	The sound of drums mixed with the shouts of joy and they began to dance .
tr	I	He finished and I nodded .
tr	I	He 'd take whatever he could get , but he 'd hoped for more .
tr	I	She held a pink bow to her forehead , making the children roll with laughter and the female character was next .
tr	O	我的肌肉仍然很虚弱，但是它们更让我联想到你在剧烈跑步后会有的感觉。
tr	I	Then you 'll see her looking at you different , and pretend you didn 't notice .
tr	I	I knew that she was every bit as tied to the theatrical world as I was , but Maddy snorted .
tr	I	I didn 't have any words , but I tried to tell him .
tr	I	The roof sagged pitifully , ready to collapse at any moment , and most of the windows were blacked out .
tr	I	We don 't have a choice , but this will put us off schedule .
tr	O	我本不该是那样的，并且她当然也不该承受。
tr	I	She preferred keeping her natural color , but she knew a few people her age that dyed their hair blond as a fashion statement .
tr	I	Nothing I cannot handle , but my hip is at a low throb .
tr	I	He looked as if he hadn 't understood the words that had just come out of my mouth and his eyebrows came together .
tr	O	我家人在耍花招，并且柳儿也开心地配合着。
tr	I	He could only imagine the things Bryson would say later if they ever made it to safety , but he was still safe by ten feet .
tr	I	No one else will either and I won 't hurt you .
tr	I	She answered it and a phone rang .
tr	O	他们拿出了武器，但是他们不需要它们。
tr	O	有人坐在她旁边，并且她挪动了一下，节目单掉在了地上。
tr	I	Her eyes began to close and Lisa smiled .
tr	O	他声音中的仇恨吓到我了，并且我停下了脚步。
tr	O	也许他以后会记住这些话，并且也许他不会。
tr	O	凯撒只需开口，并且事情就会完成。
tr	O	他的眼睛猛地睁开，并且他眨了眨眼。
tr	I	She moved like a sprite in the afternoon light , and her crown of ribbons had tangled down her back .
tr	I	There was no one else on the mini island retreat , but I looked around .
tr	O	凯尔有片刻时间僵在原地，并且他的眼睛因充满其中的灼烧感而闭上。
tr	O	他的胸膛完全没有毛发，并且它在水下闪闪发光。
tr	I	She didn 't see the humor , but he might think that was funny .
tr	I	He detected something in her eyes that was almost yearning , and she held his gaze for a long time .
tr	O	也许他不属于这里，并且他再次踏上故土。
tr	O	突然，他的身体变得沉重、铅一般，并且随着一声呼啸，他被拉向某种感觉像漩涡的东西。
tr	I	That scandal has mostly been swept under the rug , but they were apparently quite in love with each other .
tr	O	她注意到朱利安意识到了，但是他没有评论。
tr	I	They 're not in order , but all the pieces are there .
tr	O	此外，嫉妒常常是一种非理性的情绪，并且不能仅仅通过逻辑来消除。
tr	O	瑞彻走了进去，然后他们停止了交谈。
tr	O	他是个男孩，并且他们给他取名叫温斯顿。
tr	I	The necessary organ had weakened beyond what human medicine could repair , and she had indeed had another heart attack .
tr	O	莉亚上了车，然后他们开走了。
tr	I	The gangplank swung closed , and Kaz followed me up .
tr	I	I let my wristlet fall to the floor and I turn my back to the half wall .
tr	O	我本可以，但是我不能。
tr	O	他现在已经爱过两次了，而且两次都是灾难。
tr	O	我点了点头，然后他继续了。
tr	I	I knew the answer was no , but I asked myself if I could kill him .
tr	I	I saw his good side , but he could be arrogant .
tr	I	When she tried to open it , it wouldn 't budge , but she ran for the door .
tr	I	I appeared to be looking straight at the camera , and it had been taken less than an hour earlier .
tr	I	When I went to say something to him , Paul shook his head at me in warning , but he was quiet .
tr	O	鸟鸣在那天甜美得过分，并且阳光也过于耀眼。
tr	O	在他表白后，我不知道该把谈话引向何处，并且他似乎认为没有什么需要再说的了。
tr	I	Afterward it will fade until the moment comes when it abandons you completely , but there will be a brief time where you experience increased power .
tr	I	They were stuck with each other , but having a roommate was a mistake .
tr	I	His gaze briefly touched her face , and his eyebrows drew together .
tr	O	在乔纳森看来，它更像一把斧头，但是他有自己的名声要维护。
tr	O	我想相信他，但是我没有。
tr	I	She jumped a little then giggled and his teeth closed around a sensitive area on her inner thigh , near her sex .
tr	O	我的眼睛适应了黑暗，我能看到柜台后面有打斗的迹象。
tr	I	The hallway on the other side was empty , as I expected it to be , but I peered through the glass .
tr	I	It scared me and there was something buried in his eyes that I couldn 't be sure of .
tr	O	最初她什么也没看到，只是一片移动的阴影，并且一个身影随后从黑暗中显现出来。
tr	O	颤抖终于开始缓解，他小心翼翼地把水温调高，并且我的手也松开了紧握的姿态。
tr	O	没有人告诉我厨房在哪里，但是我知大多数厨房都在同一个地方；与餐厅相连。
tr	O	我现在就在这里，准备向你展示，并且你不肯放开那辆该死的车。
tr	O	一丝愧疚爬上她的脸，并且她的脸颊羞红成深玫瑰色。
tr	I	It was manageable , but it was distracting .
tr	O	我将手猛地拍向金色的墙壁，并且房间颤抖起来。
tr	O	这是曼纳医生寄来的，并且收件人是约书亚。
tr	O	我强忍住一声凶狠的咆哮，并且天啊，那真是最难做的事情。
tr	O	她笑了，但是它在颤抖。
tr	O	她总是话太多，但是我们只会让她闭嘴。
tr	O	是的，你本应调查一宗谋杀案，并且我正在经营一家公司。
tr	O	他试图传达某种潜台词，但是我只是太不知所措，无法理解。
tr	I	The day was lying on my shoulders like a heavy coat , but it was still light , of course .
tr	I	Then Byron went around the corner to Bill 's office , and it was a short elevator ride to the eighth floor .
tr	O	一只手将她的脸按在裸露的皮肤上，并且她感觉到有什么东西从她的嘴唇上划过。
tr	I	I thought I 'd come in person , but you 're supposed to get an email .
tr	O	她知道他喜欢她，而且实际上，她也喜欢他。
tr	O	他考虑不回答，但是他想看看他对和她说话会有什么反应。
tr	I	He had his honor , but he might not have the gentler emotions that made up what passed for a conscience .
tr	O	她需要时间思考，并且迷雾仍然很新鲜。
tr	O	我请求那块石头带我去找他，但是它不肯。
tr	I	Although she was more than glad to follow wherever he took her , she was tasting him , too , and he led their dance .
tr	I	It was always in places that were innocuous , but she touched him .
tr	I	Now it was time once again to pay the piper and all Thompson wanted was a favor every once in awhile .
tr	I	A bra the color of Louisiana hot sauce and she swayed to the music wearing only panties .
tr	I	Tara enthusiastically agreed , and Myra suggested they practice for a set time daily .
tr	O	赞恩不确定他是否在那里受伤，或者只是握着它让他感觉更好。
tr	I	They passed each level with ease , often gaining assistance on the rope from people who happened to be nearby , and the diversion worked though .
tr	I	I have to do it for me , and I have to do it for them .
tr	I	You know it and it 's true .
tr	I	His blood began to throb under his skin and his heart immediately dropped into his stomach .
tr	O	我们一直开着它，但是我们从未真正到达任何地方。
tr	I	I don 't mess around with those jokers that much anymore , but we used to come out here to drink after ridin ' .
tr	O	我又试着给布里打电话，但是这次是留言机接的。
tr	I	He didn 't know the first thing about water prophecies , but the man might have been a powerful Beast Tongue .
tr	I	My hands flew to my ears , and the earth trembled when he spoke .
tr	O	他举起双手表示投降，并且蕾西感谢他。
tr	I	I didn 't want her to think I was a freak , and it wasn 't every day that people shared the intimate details of their life .
tr	O	他的语气很闪烁，并且他的表情略显尴尬。
tr	I	Everything else was crystal clear , but the girl I chose not to remember .
tr	I	Sable 's was just a shadow over his skull , but wind pushed Loran 's black hair into his eyes .
tr	O	他的目光找到了我，仍冻结在雕像后面，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	O	这是一个生活中的事实，并且你们都需要接受它。
tr	O	她想问谢恩他是否还好，但是在这种情况下听起来会很愚蠢。
tr	O	他想帮助她，但是他明白这是徒劳的。
tr	O	特里的系统里有大量的寄生虫，并且尼古拉斯皱着眉专注于堵塞的血液。
tr	O	他对此毫无羞耻，这让我怒火中烧，并且我意识到他对我也一定是这种感觉。
tr	I	She has cracked ribs , which I assume is from the fall and her arm is broken .
tr	O	他的笑声消逝了，并且他的表情变得僵硬起来。
tr	I	It was impossible when she knew this plane was about to take off , but Rachel smiled stiffly at Emily , wishing she could be more friendly .
tr	O	刹那间一切都静止了，并且那年轻人随即催促他的马又靠近了几步。
tr	O	瑞奇起身，卷起他的毯子，并且他们两人便出门去了。
tr	O	内森抬起头，并且他们的目光相遇了。
tr	I	She laughed and her fingertips grazed the sheet below .
tr	I	This would only make a bad situation worse , but which was what I 'd wanted , too .
tr	O	他的双腿被扭曲了，并且一滩血开始聚集在他的头周围。
tr	O	他的残暴行为使他在自己的国家里树敌众多，并且那些敌人正忙着把同样的故事散布到各地。
tr	I	I didn 't deserve to stay , but let me stay , I wanted to plead .
tr	I	She seemed to be staring more at Kellan than Griffin , but she was pretty .
tr	I	She 'd wait another night , but it wasn 't bad as ideas go .
tr	O	他冰冷的目光扫视着人群，并且我感觉他正在寻找他的下一个受害者。
tr	O	电话响了，并且苏珊娜接了。
tr	O	一群鸟从树林里飞走了，并且他们能听到翅膀扇动的声音。
tr	I	She could feel the tension radiating from him , but he was standing motionless .
tr	O	我们当时不在场，但是我们感受到了你话语背后的爱。
tr	I	She managed to nod , but Madison was breathing heavily .
tr	O	他的脚后跟先着地，然后是脚趾，并且他滚到了膝盖上。
tr	O	迈基的访客朝她笑了笑，而且那也不是虚假的笑容。
tr	I	I have two cots we can put in there for your girls for tonight , and it 's a big room .
tr	I	He hadn 't had a good moment since and two weeks ago he 'd walked out on the woman he 'd always loved .
tr	O	这是系列赛的第五场比赛，而且杰森无意错过它。
tr	I	Nothing did , but Emma waited to see what would happen next .
tr	I	He felt the effects strongly , and this was the first time he had exerted himself in the dense atmosphere .
tr	I	People felt comfortable with their partners , but we weren 't in pairs anymore .
tr	O	球击中了他，并且他立刻倒地身亡。
tr	I	He mostly managed to avoid the backswing , and instincts overrode terror .
tr	O	有个男人沿着海岸跑着，而且他正跟着我！
tr	I	I didn 't see past the one in front of us , but the shimmery light faded , revealing the gods around us .
tr	I	We were pretty far from camp and we had been walking for a while , maybe thirty minutes .
tr	O	我看到她的手握住我的手，并且我们所处的巨大空间开始脉动。
tr	O	他躺在她扔他的地方，但是他正挣扎着坐起来。
tr	O	这个想法一直困扰着他，但是这只是另一个悬而未决的问题，就像斯特凡在埃琳娜日记里的留言一样。
tr	I	Your voice changes when you talk about Mom and I see the way your face softens .
tr	O	他现在随时都需要开店了，但是他反而把刀片放在了书页上。
tr	I	She liked it and oh yes he was cheeky , asking for that kiss when she thought she was losing him , definitely cheeky .
tr	I	We headed back , and I turned around .
tr	I	The smile returned , and the frown faded .
tr	I	They glistened in the light , and his fangs were fully out .
tr	O	电梯轿厢操作面板下部有一个零食格，并且三个女孩吃了一些食物。
tr	I	My fingers strangle Evie 's and a terrible thought occurs to me .
tr	I	I 'm going to start crying for the first time in my life and my emotions are going to rush back to me .
tr	I	She glows when she meets my stare and her blond hair lay 's freakishly straight over her shoulders .
tr	O	真有意思，他说的每一个字都是真的，但是如果不是有另一双耳朵在听，他可能一个字都不会说。
tr	I	At the same time I wanted to swear , but I was glad I was stopping myself .
tr	O	在昏暗的灯光下很难阅读，但是我闭着一只眼睛夸张地表示我正努力阅读。
tr	I	Buds were bursting on the trees , and there was no snow .
tr	I	It 's like freedom , only heavier , and I let it wash over me .
tr	O	此时她看起来很疲惫，并且她的步态没有了往常的自信。
tr	O	我反正一直计划着继续，但是乔什现在也得走了，这让我很高兴。
tr	O	她的姐姐在感情方面吃尽了苦头，但是当克里斯出现在她生活中时，一切都好转了。
tr	O	她从小享受着一切奢侈品，但是她也学会了那种奢华生活可以有多么空虚。
tr	O	那是一面单向镜，就像警察局里的那种，而且房间里并不是空的。
tr	O	那是个常见的名字，所以我理解了，但是它也指那个男人的职业。
tr	I	He 'd pull back , horrified at the real story and those feelings would disappear if he knew everything .
tr	I	I stared back at her , and she had a sweet smile .
tr	I	She wrinkled up her nose , and Alice asked .
tr	I	Sienna didn 't seem to mind and the solution sounded logical to me .
tr	I	He didn 't stir when Kevin opened the passenger door and his eyes were closed .
tr	O	我结了账，然后我们就离开了。
tr	O	卢克知道，并且马格纳斯知道。
tr	O	它听起来像一只烦躁不安的动物，但是伊莱只是继续移动。
tr	O	他不是最好的父亲，但是他是她唯一的父亲。
tr	I	They certainly heard his message , but no one could see him .
tr	O	希克斯从来就不是一个晨型人，并且从她的样子来看，她也不是一个下午型人。
tr	O	那个第二个甘西现在比以往任何时候都更在他心中盘旋，并且他不喜欢这样。
tr	I	Eden 's braves prepared for Holy War , and the Tribe became united , as before .
tr	I	My heart started pounding again , and my gaze locked on the tiny vee of flesh his open fly exposed .
tr	I	Now magic has returned with a vengeance , and we pushed the technological progress too far .
tr	I	The small panel remained half open , and the blue eyes narrowed thoughtfully .
tr	I	Already my justified anger was draining away , but I said , attempting to be firm .
tr	I	He loved her , and Andrew was a good , caring man .
tr	I	Viper could feel her wariness , but she forced a smile to her lips .
tr	I	Straighter than they used to be , he thought and her teeth were whiter .
tr	I	She would 've dispatched whatever Alchemists were closest , and I 'd given Adrian Stanton 's phone number .
tr	I	Before I knew it , Rob caught me off my feet in a hard hug , crushing my bones to my blood , and much called .
tr	O	几秒钟内马修就消失了，并且只剩下他们俩了。
tr	I	I want us to start our life together with a home you can love , but I know you haven 't said anything .
tr	I	The guys from the band were nowhere to be seen , and they were early , though .
tr	O	夏洛特太可爱了，不应被藏起来，并且他能轻易想象自己留她一段时间。
tr	O	我闭上了眼睛，并且他移开了手。
tr	I	I don 't blame him for not caring for me none , and Hollis is a fine man .
tr	I	Your enemies are quite dangerous , but you have friends here .
tr	O	她一手拿着盘子，并且我注意到它在颤抖。
tr	I	There was no one there , but he flicked on the switch .
tr	O	莉莉·波特那天晚上死在我怀里，并且我也死了。
tr	O	我爸爸几周前带我们去了那里，但是我们甚至没机会进去。
tr	I	His intense gaze wasn 't cooling her down any and her body felt like it was sizzling .
tr	I	I wasn 't convinced , but what Dee said made sense .
tr	I	Ethan groaned and eight The door buzzed .
tr	O	他与休完全相反，然而他们仍然是完美的一对。
tr	I	She sucked in a gulp of air and looking down into her eyes , he rolled his h * ps against hers .
tr	O	正好是六点，并且没有维恩的踪影。
tr	I	His head bowed and his hands came behind his back .
tr	I	I decided to give it a try , and I saw a very good size buck .
tr	I	A fear shot through me like I had never known before and every hair on my body stood up .
tr	O	第一次的伤害已经摧毁了他的心，并且他再也不能让自己如此脆弱。
tr	O	他发号施令，并且他们毫无疑问地服从了。
tr	O	过去几年里我相处的女性都不懂得委婉，并且直到最近我才喜欢那样。
tr	O	我脸色苍白，并且一阵眩晕涌上我的头脑。
tr	O	黑发丝已经消失了，但是头发仍然不自然地卷曲着。
tr	O	我猜年龄差异确实很明显，而且说实话，我不知道如何与她相处。
tr	O	她向前走，但是我却原地不动。
tr	I	I skewered him with a glare and his eyes came back to mine .
tr	O	她眼中所有的同情都消失了，而且她狠狠地瞪了他一眼。
tr	O	他敞开心扉，然而她不相信他。
tr	O	量不多，但是味道确实很好。
tr	I	Dorian had guessed already , but jess asked hoarsely .
tr	O	这应该是更多人会做的事，而且它不应该引起如此多的赞赏。
tr	O	我们只是在这里消磨时间，而且我不能再那样做了。
tr	I	He wouldn 't give up , but she hid from their passion together , pushed him away .
tr	I	The sword plunges through his chest , and he leaps in front of me .
tr	O	当他说那些话时，她没有听，但是那些话现在又浮现在脑海。
tr	O	我的手臂被绑住了，所以我无法离开，而且我也无法靠近。
tr	O	我见过你没戴面纱的样子，而且你甚至都不能给我那个。
tr	I	The fallen man 's sword now rested in the scoundrel 's paw , and fuchs had tripped over our friend 's body .
tr	I	I don 't want to and now I have to explain .
tr	O	那不是他们想在圣诞假期解决的问题，但是他们知道这件事必须讨论。
tr	O	男人的脸因疼痛而扭曲，并且他艰难地深吸了几口气。
tr	O	我张开双臂，并且他立刻扑了过来。
tr	O	爱丽丝开车进了城，并且我们都松了一口气。
tr	I	I couldn 't wait to see her and she was heading home for Thanksgiving break .
tr	O	她转向她的衣柜，并且我站了起来。
tr	I	I had to know if he was safe but I didn 't want to know the answer .
tr	O	她指责他不像个丈夫，而且他也发现她作为妻子有所欠缺。
tr	O	我伸手够向他，想再次感受他的身体贴着我的感觉，但是他抽身离开了。
tr	I	It did not mean to let me go , and it had me .
tr	O	你父亲在冠心病监护室接受重症监护，并且你母亲拒绝离开他身边。
tr	I	He put a hand on my waist , pulling me towards him , and I stepped closer .
tr	O	他已经太久没有和女人在一起了，并且他想趁着还能活的时候好好活着。
tr	I	Tears were running down her cheeks , and Catherine 's face was contorted with fear .
tr	I	It smelled great and it was food .
tr	O	我们有很多事情要做，并且我会需要你的帮助。
tr	I	They left the airport and Mitch laid a twenty on the table .
tr	O	德里克认为自己是个勇敢的人，但是当他听到钱西非人的咆哮时，他后颈的汗毛都竖起来了。
tr	I	The air was tinged with joy , and they were laughing , eager .
tr	O	丹妮抚摸着他的头，并且杰斯想发出满足的咕噜声。
tr	I	She followed him at a trot and her hunger won over her frustration .
tr	O	他银色的眼睛睁大了，并且他的下巴松弛了。
tr	I	Something about it was vaguely familiar , and it reminded me of a pinwheel .
tr	I	Trading had been highly volatile since , and a run on a bank in some third world country had sparked panic early in the morning .
tr	I	He knows it and I hate him .
tr	I	I asked anyway , but immediately I knew there was more to her story than she would tell me .
tr	O	特里普的眼睛睁大了，并且他对我笑了。
tr	O	所有的目光都转向了那个女孩，但是她却不予理会。
tr	O	我的手在白桌上感到冰冷，并且我正在颤抖。
tr	I	She did feel as though they were hiding something , but it didn 't mean anything , of course .
tr	I	Today she would need all the sustenance she could get , and she had never found pale , wiggly water very sustaining .
tr	O	科尔顿滑过地板时，试图扭动警卫的手腕，但是那个男人太强壮了。
tr	O	他从未违背过誓言，并且他也永远不会。
tr	O	埃里克低声耳语，并且我平静地走上地下室的楼梯，就在活板门猛地打开时。
tr	I	He threw me a glance , and my voice was pleading .
tr	O	她拨打了他的手机，但是达伦仍然没有接听。
tr	O	遗忘的迷雾现在已散去，并且我又回到了我唯一熟悉的生活。
tr	O	你从未见过任何东西，并且你也从未触碰过任何东西。
tr	O	现在它转向了他们的方向，并且托尔没有时间反应。
tr	I	The emotions were still raw and the pain was too real .
tr	O	她本可以轻易挣断绳索，但是加尔的魔法束缚没那么容易被克服。
tr	I	It was the most beautiful sight he 'd ever seen in his life , and her smile was as wide as a mile .
tr	O	她的父亲会在中央车站与她会合，并且他们会一起拜访她的祖父母直到12月23日。
tr	O	我本可以让她留下，并且她就会在这里。
tr	O	我把水桶拉向我，但是约翰尼的叔叔把它拉了回去。
tr	I	Though the kiss was brief , he breathed in the scent of her , and she stiffened as his mouth touched her skin .
tr	I	I had considered taking Zena there but it was a bit out of my price range .
tr	O	我被悲伤笼罩，并且我不知道。
tr	I	I like the people here on this farm , and I like what I 'm doing .
tr	O	他已经连续醒了三十六个小时，并且他坚持不了多久了。
tr	I	They seemed to be getting caught at every turn , and the morning 's commuter traffic hadn 't hit the late morning lull yet .
tr	I	She nudged him with her shoulder , and the funny look he gave her made her laugh .
tr	O	她俯身拥抱我，并且我紧紧抱住了她。
tr	I	He knew when he found the right door and his instincts pushed him on .
tr	I	A crash filled the room as the door opened the first few inches and the handle turned down .
tr	I	I wouldn 't tell them who , but they know someone was with me .
tr	I	It was James and someone walked in .
tr	I	The engine started easily , and the keys were in the ignition .
tr	I	It was too late but Len bawled , trying to stop her .
tr	I	She damn near wanted to race down the two flights of stairs , and Excitement tore through her body because he was here .
tr	I	I was right not to , and I didn 't trust him .
tr	I	Your uncle had several hundred thousand pounds riding on their safe delivery , and that was stuffed full of a new consignment for them .
tr	O	她的脸现在已经痊愈了，但是即使如此，它还是不同了。
tr	I	I don 't shift , but I 'm bleeding profusely now .
tr	I	Richard stomped it to death with his foot , and a large flat worm wiggled out of the eviscerated intestine .
tr	I	He 'd never see her again , and he was going to choke the poor girl .
tr	I	A slight build , and she had wavy brown hair .
tr	I	Another sniff made her change her mind , but at least she 'd see where she was if she found the roof , she reasoned .
tr	O	这不是他本意要做的事，但是他无法克制自己。
tr	O	诺曼走了出去，而哈利爬了进去。
tr	O	维恩喉咙里发出低吼，但是最终他承认了真相。
tr	O	塔利已经在玛丽埃塔待了将近一周，并且只剩下几块糖果了。
tr	O	我开始相信他们有亲属关系，但是我没有证据来证实。
tr	O	金妮和尼克一起找到了一个不错的搭便车，并且迪恩不认为她会轻易放手。
tr	I	When he opened it my bleak mood lifted for a moment , and we walked down a dim brick hallway to a steel door .
tr	O	玛塔点了点头，并且她的手指在仪器上快速输入指令。
tr	I	Then she was going after the Council directly , but at that time she was trying to enslave vampires , much like today .
tr	O	娜迪亚走近了一步，侵犯了她的私人空间，并且金用手指戳了戳另一个女人瘦骨嶙峋的胸口。
tr	O	她不喜欢被触碰，而且她总是保持距离。
tr	I	All you seem capable of doing is staring out of windows , but I thought you had a backbone .
tr	I	The stars began twinkling above the canopy and he sat until the sky grew dark .
tr	O	米勒在剩下的课上都很安静，但是当铃声响起时，他给了我一个点头。
tr	I	He played along , but he didn 't see what he could do .
tr	I	It makes up for that in coziness , but obviously it doesn 't match the John Hancock penthouse in opulence .
tr	I	A little crinkle formed between her eyebrows and the corners of her mouth turned down .
tr	I	When I saw that daylight again permeated the darkness around me , I fought to keep them open and I forced my eyes open .
tr	O	一声叹息从她口中逸出，但是他捕捉到了。
tr	O	我现在不可能完成了，而且最疯狂的是我想完成。
tr	I	He knew she 'd already stayed at the farm as long as she could tolerate , and standing , she dropped a quick kiss on his cheek .
tr	O	凯特抬眼看向莉迪亚站着的地方，并且她的眼睛落在了她T恤背面那个破烂不堪、张着大口的洞上。
tr	O	他和安娜约会是因为大家期望他们这样做，但是他从未对她有过很深的感情。
tr	I	Never get in , but we 've been signing up for the lottery there for two years now .
tr	O	高潮的强度减弱了，但是美妙的余韵仍不时地颤过她的身体。
tr	I	I still need Layla 's support to walk , but some strength creeps back into my limbs now .
tr	O	我的牙齿紧咬着，并且我暗自畏缩。
tr	I	Many of the occupants were staring at them , and the bar was a U-shape , with perhaps thirty seats .
tr	O	那个机会现在已经没有了，并且我会怀念在那里工作。
tr	I	I had to pause , and the question caught me off guard .
tr	O	有人在岩石的另一边守着火葬堆，并且当博格斯凑近时，他能看到那是席尔瓦。
tr	I	His eyes held what looked like genuine warmth , and it gave his sharp face a relaxed look she wasn 't really used to seeing .
tr	I	The pain had been exquisite , but it hadn 't taken the fool as long to die as she would have liked .
tr	I	He came back to her again , but for a moment his eyes dropped .
tr	I	He fought back in self-defense , and a tear rolled down her cheek , breaking him .
tr	O	他赢了，就得意洋洋，但是这比她打败他要好。
tr	O	他哼了一声，并且我感觉到他拉下我的短裤，露出了我的屁股。
tr	I	I held her high up above me on the wall , and my tongue rubbed her clit .
tr	I	It would have been nice to have a cell phone nonetheless , but it was true that I didn 't have anyone to call .
tr	I	There was even more left and huge work had been done .
tr	O	他跟我们说话，甚至写下了我们说的话，但是他从不看其他人。
tr	O	天还没亮，并且建筑物很安静。
tr	O	我能看到松木天花板上一排排的水珠，并且现在，第一次，楼梯上有水了。
tr	I	He fluttered his eyes and her tears dripped onto his cheeks .
tr	I	Then he sucks ever so gently on my earlobe , and he continues with long , languid strokes of his lips on my neck .
tr	O	默瑟先生把叉子掉到了他那盘未动的千层面，并且默瑟夫人以专注而震惊的表情盯着屏幕。
tr	I	She could feel it in her mind , but his mocking amusement might not have shown on his face .
tr	I	With Manny , you could never tell , but he was probably phoning from the lab .
tr	I	He grinned at me and I stiffened .
tr	O	她把剑递给他，但是他拒绝接。
tr	I	His teeth ached and his face muscles locked .
tr	O	他不胡闹，并且我很快就达到高潮。
tr	I	He told me to focus on the Realization , and I said the same thing to Mr. Weathers .
tr	O	门另一边传来一声大喊，并且男孩像受惊的耗子一样消失在黑暗中。
tr	I	Paul quickly sobered , but they both laughed .
tr	I	She was truly gone and all these people with abilities beyond anything I ever could have imagined ?
tr	O	她脸上带着不悦的表情，但是她什么也没说。
tr	I	I 'm realizing just how big an addiction it can become for me , like drugs and it damn near broke me back in Vegas .
tr	O	因为当我们从德古拉叔叔的扫帚柜旁溜过时，我撞到了霍勒斯爵士，并且他轰然一声摔倒了。
tr	O	我的手臂感觉发痛，并且它们因劳累而酸痛。
tr	I	Zeke follows , and I dismiss myself to the bathroom .
tr	O	一个女人的声音响起，并且我立刻认出了玛丽。
tr	O	我咧嘴笑了，并且一声轻笑从我唇间逸出。
tr	O	他模仿着她，但是仿佛有一块玻璃板隔在他们之间，他们都在碰到之前就让手垂落了。
tr	I	It was too crowded , but she tried to see if Ron was behind the bar .
tr	I	The motion took us into a canter , and he clicked again .
tr	I	I enjoyed the feeling that gave me -- a surge from my balls to my head , and she complied as soon as I spoke .
tr	O	当然，她周围的一切都透着古怪，但是那是一种巨大而主要的古怪，简直就是它们的天性使然。
tr	O	那是某种让人们对他瞠目结舌的东西，并且不只是因为他的英俊外表。
tr	O	威尔·加利亚比我原以为的要复杂得多，并且我发现自己开始思考这口井到底有多深。
tr	O	梅雷迪思试图打断布兰克女士，但是她像对待我一样，强势地压过了她。
tr	I	He knew that his friends were probably pulling on it , hoping to bring him back , and immediately it slithered away .
tr	O	我不是个差学生，但是我也不算才华横溢。
tr	O	分分秒秒流逝着，粉色、黄色和绿色不断掠过。
tr	O	我们跑向路虎，并且雨下得比以前更大了。
tr	O	他正在破坏他们的圣诞假期计划，而且斯马特一家将是唯一不在场的人。
tr	I	I tightened my grip , in awe of his rock-hard abs beneath my fingertips , and he accelerated up the mountain .
tr	I	Dawson put a massive arm in front of him , but Jason started to follow me .
tr	O	门开了，并且我们下了车。
tr	O	情况很不幸，但是亚历克斯总有办法把人们聚集在一起。
tr	I	Clint got down from the ring to greet us , and the fighters took a break a few minutes later .
tr	I	He had virtually accepted that before she would come , he would die of breathlessness but he had seen his mother rushing towards him from a distance .
tr	I	He knew she was doing a great deal more than simply walking out of a room , and then she walked away from him .
tr	O	窗帘遮住了所有窗户，除了我正对面的那扇未遮盖的窗户，并且光线昏暗。
tr	I	She continues and her voice shifts into a lighter tone .
tr	I	He wouldn 't let her but she tried to slip out of his embrace .
tr	O	他的体重压着她，迫使她接受他的节奏和他的阴茎在她体内的短促而猛烈的顶弄。
tr	O	他现在可以引导她度过难关，但是从长远来看，他不会在她身边。
tr	O	我的旧生活即将结束，并且我的新生活已准备好开始。
tr	O	仿佛察觉到了她的计划，那个男人比她预期地更早看到了她，但是她仍然以双腿能达到的最快速度疾步跑开。
tr	I	She should just quit torturing herself about it , and it wouldn 't work .
tr	O	这很吓人，并且这种情况已经持续好几个月了。
tr	I	That taste of her had just left an agonizing desire for more , and he 'd sampled her sweetness on their one night together over the holidays .
tr	I	She bites back a smile and her gaze returns to the dress .
tr	I	I cringed and he whispered in my ear .
tr	O	他们脸上没有流露出惊讶，但是他察觉到了他们的怒气。
tr	O	她在他怀里僵住了，准备挣脱，但是还没等她挣脱，门附近的一个声音让拉德克利夫自己也退开了。
tr	I	Something inside her told her that it 's not good , but her face dropped , still not knowing what he wanted to say .
tr	I	Every extra second gave chance an opportunity to step in , but he didn 't know what he was going to do .
tr	O	他身后的面包车加速驶离了，并且约瑟夫转身去看它。
tr	I	The sight of it made her suddenly queasy , and it was on the desk near her calendar , partially hidden by a stack of catalogs .
tr	I	They executed it well , and they had this planned very well .
tr	I	Lately , I 'd been failing , and SOS needed a strong leader .
tr	O	他名叫弗兰克，并且他看起来像德古拉。
tr	I	They didn 't die , but they got knocked for a loop when the Zap hit .
tr	O	他轻轻地亲吻着她的皮肤，并且奥利维亚放松了她环绕在他腰间的双腿。
tr	O	莉齐试图理解那个女人说的话，但是这听起来太离谱了以至于她的大脑直接停止了思考。
tr	I	The lumbering van slowly gained speed and if anything , he sped up .
tr	I	When she put her full weight behind it , it finally gave way with a squeak , but it met with a bit of resistance .
tr	O	丹尼斯自己的财务状况谈不上光鲜亮丽，但是他大概能负担得起减轻负担。
tr	O	他已经开始在我体内再次动起来，并且尽管我对我们的粗心大意感到恐惧，我的身体仍在回应。
tr	I	I froze , and he said .
tr	I	I stared at him , confused and my arms dropped to my side .
tr	O	一股重量压在他的腿上，并且迪恩看向一个年轻女子的棕色眼睛。
tr	I	I grabbed her arms again , but Lisa jerked away from me .
tr	I	You know what they say about women over thirty , and Thirty is only a couple years away .
tr	O	我猜伊森肯定试图删除了它，但是他们的法医人员从SD卡中找回了它。
tr	I	Now they weren 't even bothering to hide it , and she had never gotten used to everyone looking at her .
tr	O	仅仅能够听着就让他感到沮丧，并且很快他只想在播放新闻时打开收音机。
tr	O	一打变成了两打，并且他们每个人今晚都没有把目光从裘德身上移开。
tr	O	我瞥了他一眼，并且他的目光紧盯着他前方的道路。
tr	O	她无处可去，并且她没有力气狠狠地打他，无法从他身边过去，更别说制服他了。
tr	O	我不能真正看清这些照片，但是它们看起来像一群生物。
tr	I	He damn well knew it , and Kennedy tossing his hair out of his eyes was an arresting sight .
tr	I	She smiled at me and I broke our kiss .
tr	I	Once again as I put my weight onto my feet I felt very unsteady and I remembered to get out of the chair slowly .
tr	O	我感觉到食指下金属的阻力，并且我第一次意识到我正要做什么。
tr	I	I also love Gemma , but I really do .
tr	I	Last week was exactly a year since we made that promise to Julia , but we haven 't discussed it .
tr	I	I was exhausted and this was my first trip to California .
tr	I	King wasn 't having it , but now I was the one who had to look away .
tr	O	我睡着了，但是你没有。
tr	O	她在底特律我那里还有些东西，但是那很容易处理。
tr	I	The gospels are even different from that , but I didn 't include the Torah of the Hebrews , because I didn 't know it .
tr	O	她哼了一声到他的胸口，但是他轻轻地抬起了她的下巴。
tr	I	I seized my chance , and the Marsh creature toppled .
tr	I	I lifted my head in a weary , silent thank-you , and Fade slid in with a smooth strike , saving me .
tr	O	我相当肯定他不会主动提出，但是我不想看她会把事情做到什么地步。
tr	O	他的眼睛狂热地发光，并且我退缩了。
tr	I	I quickly retrieved my bag from the back seat , and the sun was warm as it greeted my spine .
tr	I	Charlotte was not , to say the least , a demonstrative young woman , but she had a strong suspicion that she did .
tr	O	保姆白天回来照顾她，而且弗兰克也雇佣了一名管家。
tr	I	I 'll sell them in the future , one by one , and I 'll wait until this all dies down .
tr	I	Caden 's arms were there to grip me firmly , but my knees buckled .
tr	O	我试图步行寻求帮助，但是我掉进了一条沟里。
tr	O	他用脚再次调整了我的姿势，并且我能感觉到血液涌向我的腹部。
tr	O	她的颈部肌腱感到紧绷，并且她的鼻孔在每次呼吸时都会张大。
tr	I	Simon gives me a bouquet of flowers he picked himself , and Karen gives me a haphazardly wrapped gift of bubble bath .
tr	O	威廉曾答应她，只要他能，就会把他们的安排细节告诉她，并且她想知道是不是他。
tr	I	His eyes grew hard and Nick 's smile faded .
tr	I	I could ask him for advice and I was told he was knowledgeable .
tr	O	他一直在去派对的路上，并且他知道。
tr	O	它的嘴唇没有发出任何话语，但是艾瑞斯能在她的思想中听到它们。
tr	I	She stared at the wall away from me and we sat down .
tr	O	他已经停了下来，并且他允许他们搜查那辆货车。
tr	O	我们去了我常去的那家古董店，并且我立刻扫视了玻璃柜寻找一个小药瓶。
tr	I	We could let you out of this awful place , and you could assuage their fears if you simply told us the truth .
tr	I	My blood began to pump , adrenaline flooding my body and I took note of the rifle strapped behind the seats .
tr	O	我的眼睛在房间里扫视，想看看其他成员在哪里，并且我无法阻止身体的颤抖。
tr	O	我们找到生肖男之后，我派了几个手下去，但是他不肯跟那些制服说话。
tr	I	I moved out of the way , and Michael leaned into the locker .
tr	I	Now they act as if they don 't recognize each other , but just a few weeks ago Raven was under his possession .
tr	I	His heart was no longer in it , but finally , he tried one last joke .
tr	O	旧油脂、烧焦的鱼条和披萨混合的味道弥漫在空气中。
tr	O	我告诉他既然他已经把一切都准备好了，就让我来打扫，并且他心满意足地在客厅电视机前坐了下来。
tr	I	I couldn 't tell him , but his grip was too tight .
tr	I	This was taking all his concentration and Jonesy also had to move the craft with the slow tumbling of the asteroid in two different directions .
tr	I	I bounced on my heels and his words only caused my grin to widen .
tr	O	发生了火灾，并且她被烧得惨不忍睹。
tr	I	This was the way to do it , and I needed to oust those fire demons .
tr	I	The children grew up and the years passed .
tr	I	He did not move away , and she ventured to lay her hand on his shoulder .
tr	I	He was definitely a New Englander , but he might be a vampire .
tr	O	他看着我的眼睛，并且我能从里面看到很多东西。
tr	O	她讨厌承认这一点，但是他坚定不移的自信却激起了她的情欲。
tr	I	Both started giggling harder , and they exchanged a glance .
tr	I	Mere wanting didn 't count , but she wanted to believe him .
tr	O	谈话发生了转折，但是我却不知道转到了哪里。
tr	I	My gaze was glued to his ass as he strolled past , but he didn 't look at me as I drooled after him , thank God .
tr	I	He didn 't need it , but he hadn 't brought a writing utensil .
tr	I	She wasn 't beyond caring now and she wasn 't beyond caring then .
tr	O	走廊里仍然堆满了碎片，但是大部分碎片正在被清理。
tr	O	他的口气非常难闻，并且她厌恶得无法控制地后退了。
tr	O	她所能看到的只有木头，并且那个浸透了喷涌鲜血的铁十字架。
tr	O	它的尖端已经从他右耳后穿出，并且他正在被自己的血噎住。
tr	I	Her urges in this moment couldn 't be more primitive , but hell , she accused him of being a caveman .
tr	O	我不想失礼，并且这支舞很有趣。
tr	O	我甚至不知道他是否在家，但是他目前正在进行的汽车项目就停在车道上。
tr	O	她的眉毛紧蹙成一团，并且一阵剧痛刺穿了她的心。
tr	O	她已经问过他了，但是他就是不肯回答。
tr	I	I had a mouth full of it , and Yep , sure enough , the scratchy , dry surface was grass .
tr	I	I keep going , feeling the soft , veiny skin of his cock ripple slightly at my touch and he removes his hand .
tr	O	他们放了一部电影，并且我的邻居拿到了耳机。
tr	O	我所要做的就是跟着树上紫色的标记，而且我就会到家了。
tr	O	她脑海深处的一个小声音催促她偷看，但是她把它甩开了。
tr	O	我能看出他很担心，看着我听到任何大声响都会跳起来，或者我的脸突然变得苍白，他却看不出任何理由。
tr	O	她向左示意塞伯，并且塞伯几乎消失在灌木丛中。
tr	O	我点头，并且他离开了。
tr	O	他的绿眼睛里闪过一丝更深的东西，并且我想后退一步。
tr	O	同样的微笑容再次出现，但是这次它也反映在他的眼中。
tr	I	It was heavy enough to have contained dozens of pictures , and the paper was thicker than he had realized .
tr	O	它那时应该已经打开了，但是它没有。
tr	O	她几乎看不清月亮，但是它就在那里，一弯银色的新月直接在他们上方闪耀。
tr	I	Dreamer gently took him from Pandora , and Julian reached for her happily .
tr	O	我看着他的脸，但是他正在揉去眼中的睡意。
tr	O	我重复了我之前念的咒语，以召唤安妮塔和我当时穿着的斗篷。
tr	O	她不想，但是她情不自禁。
tr	I	Each of its feet consisted of three razor sharp claws , and two stumpy horns protruded from its flat forehead .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to have the energy to leave , yet carrying on a polite conversation was beyond him .
tr	O	克丽丝的心意已决，并且苏珊娜不明白她女儿当初为何要问。
tr	O	她的目光抬向他，并且他知道她生气了。
tr	O	我的目光盯着路，但是我可以看出他在笑。
tr	O	她的心狂跳不已，并且她的呼吸无法进入肺部。
tr	I	He couldn 't say he blamed her and Rina barely spoke to him .
tr	O	我们在人间结合，并且那种合一将永远存在。
tr	I	My body vibrates with the groan he releases , and he grows steadily even harder in my grip .
tr	I	I also know that I don 't want to do it and I know that this is another test .
tr	O	他确实会弹吉他，并且他每天练习，希望他大放异彩的日子不远了。
tr	I	He doubted that Noelle would enjoy using them and all the towels he 'd found in the drawers had been the recent home of little mouse families .
tr	I	That day was still a few months away , but boy , it sure would be a sight to see that formation .
tr	O	他跳起来接球，但是它却从他头上飞过。
tr	I	I see this as an opportunity I never expected to come along , but I can find something to do for money if I have to .
tr	O	我不知道他为什么选我做他的学生，但是还有其他人。
tr	I	A rush of adrenaline made her whole body tremble , and she slipped a single case of the microchips into her pocket .
tr	I	He 'd felt alive and for days his mind had been flying .
tr	O	我再次泪流满面，并且他只是把我紧紧地抱住，把我的头藏在他的下巴下，贴着他的胸膛。
tr	I	Gail wasn 't home all that often , but sometimes he came to the events Gail attended when she was home .
tr	I	Without waiting for a second ring , Jazmine leaped like a gazelle into the other room , and the phone rang then .
tr	O	他们支持他所做的一切，并且他也为他们尽其所能。
tr	I	The sunlight pouring in from the window made her eyes ache , and her head felt as if someone had buried an ax in her skull .
tr	O	他张开嘴，仿佛要说话，但是却只有一道细细的血丝流了出来。
tr	O	我想告诉你，但是这是我参与追捕灭绝武器的一个条件。
tr	I	They almost never snored , and they were very beautiful .
tr	O	绝不应该有丝毫的机会发生，而且他不会再犯同样的错误。
tr	I	It could be worse , a lot worse , but yeah , it sucked that I had to leave my friends .
tr	O	吟游诗人不常玩杂耍，但是这个家伙不介意这个要求。
tr	I	The doors opened , and the elevator stopped .
tr	I	My strength slowly drained away but I tried to control her .
tr	I	Her name was Corinne , and he had a home now .
tr	I	She didn 't want to see anyone , and she didn 't want to go anywhere .
tr	I	It was still not fully dark , and it was almost midnight .
tr	O	满足感在他眼中酝酿，并且他把手抽开，让她感到失去了他的触碰。
tr	I	The half-finished fence did nothing to amend the view , and the gravesite that Mrs. Conklin had selected was desolate .
tr	I	That 's not what we want it for , but it won 't make a great barricade .
tr	O	阴影正爬上雾蒙蒙的冰川，但是孤山在落日余晖中闪耀。
tr	O	他的关心温暖了我，但是与此同时，我感到不耐烦。
tr	I	It was necessary , but I truly did .
tr	I	He knew she was only with him out of pity , and she didn 't believe he could ever love her .
tr	I	I can 't seem to catch my breath and my body visibly shakes .
tr	O	移动的疼痛使一股恶心涌遍全身，并且我倒回到草地上。
tr	O	在门口，他回头看了看那个女人，但是她的注意力在胸针上，而不是在他身上。
tr	I	He hugged Toby tighter , and his face was serious .
tr	O	她问，并且我点头。
tr	I	He fed me a spark , but I started as kindling .
tr	O	她已经离开了，但是她的灵魂正在挣扎求生，挣扎着留下。
tr	I	I stopped her , but she started to stammer .
tr	I	I should have died and they should have lived .
tr	I	I was afraid to hear it and he 'd passed judgment on me .
tr	O	他坏笑，并且我笑了。
tr	I	I gave him the all clear , and Simon looked over from the bar .
tr	I	He kept shooting looks at the gate , but she wanted more time with the boy .
tr	I	It was obvious they were shouting at each other , but Emma couldn 't hear a word through the glass .
tr	O	我想让他那样做，但是我不会问。
tr	O	我不知道发生了什么，但是我向你保证，事情远比他们任何一个人透露的要复杂得多。
tr	I	He 's all right , but it 'll delay his arrival in Idris .
tr	I	She was still there , and her eyes snapped open .
tr	O	他放开了她的手，并且琳达想念他的触碰。
tr	O	我不知道播放的是什么歌，并且我不在乎。
tr	O	他停顿了太久，并且她的心开始下沉。
tr	O	今天才周三，并且我已经记不清我给奥利维亚打过多少次电话了。
tr	I	I try not to cry and I can feel my eyes burning .
tr	I	They can 't always tell what flavor they are , but all uniques can tell when another person is unique .
tr	O	她的头低垂在手中的头骨上，并且她的眼睛闭着，黑发垂落在她的脸上。
tr	I	Mine was gray and his was black .
tr	I	The old man didn 't want to participate ; but there was a slim chance for hope .
tr	I	For a dizzy moment Clary thought she could see flames in them , like twin fires in the darkness , and his eyes were wide .
tr	O	他离她有一段距离，是人群中的一部分，然而她确信她认出了那双黄褐色的眼睛。
tr	I	I wasn 't going to respond to Lloyd , but I hadn 't thought of that .
tr	I	Her looks were nothing to be ashamed of , either , but she knew very well that she was no raving beauty .
tr	I	They hadn 't got there yet , but if they saved up enough money , one of them could finish college .
tr	I	I couldn 't think clearly and Adrenaline pumped through my legs .
tr	O	他的王冠随意地挂在他的椅子靠背上，并且他那圆圆的、红润的脸庞正因汗水而发亮。
tr	O	我曾拼命地爱着你，并且我只想要对你最好的。
tr	O	我提出要帮忙，但是她想自己做这件事，因为我已做过午饭了。
tr	I	I 'd already started , but suddenly , the idea of making her jealous made my gut churn .
tr	O	泽维尔害怕他会失去她，并且在某种程度上，他确实失去了她。
tr	O	我知道这进展不顺利，但是我不会现在就退缩。
tr	I	He 's staring me , and I open my eyes .
tr	O	他没有料到她的反应，并且他觉得自己没有早点打电话给她真是个混蛋。
tr	O	他穿着一条平角短裤，而且我感觉到他的坚硬抵在我的腿上。
tr	I	Like he genuinely wanted to know , but Sam didn 't sound indignant .
tr	O	他的嘴唇因厌恶而紧抿着，并且我以为他可能在考虑把我扔到坚硬的地板上。
tr	I	The little sigh of breath she let go hit the skin of my neck , and she nodded .
tr	O	我觉得它看起来很有趣，并且所有的面都是不同颜色的。
tr	O	我的头发紧贴着，完全湿透了，并且我的睫毛膏顺着脸淌了两英寸。
tr	O	他们对一切都无辜，而且没有人对RO像你一样有耐心。
tr	I	It was worth it but it cost him plenty .
tr	I	I would risk destroying Natalie 's good standing with all the other covens or I knew then that I had to get out of the house immediately .
tr	I	He certainly didn 't let his surroundings define who he was and Ty was not a complainer .
tr	O	沙恩很紧张，并且我像往常一样把我们维系在一起。
tr	I	She 'd made up her mind to see this through , but okay , so her stinging pride burned a little hotter .
tr	I	I cut a look over my shoulder , and my scalp tingled .
tr	O	这一切都非常令人厌倦，但是我当然理解保护的必要性。
tr	I	They circled each other , eyes locked and he fell back of his own accord .
tr	I	Another frustrated male voice stops me in my tracks , but fearing I might be right , I turn to leave .
tr	O	达米安试图站稳，但是巨大的力量把他甩到了墙上。
tr	I	Cassie had the urge to pull her back , and her mother stepped forward in spite of Timothy 's rebuke .
tr	O	我感觉自己又能呼吸了，而且我意识到一切都会好起来的。
tr	O	她的恶心平静下来了，并且她感到口渴。
tr	I	Kathy breathed a sigh of relief , and in it was a piece of paper with the password on it .
tr	I	He failed to understand things the way they were now , but Merrill hadn 't called Griffin out on this before .
tr	O	那些恶魔永远不会离开我，而且无论发生什么，她教给我的一切都会永远伴随着我。
tr	O	我恨这个，但是我不得不做。
tr	O	他转身看着我，并且我看到了他眼中的火花。
tr	O	贾里德的下巴在他的皮肤下抽动着，并且他努力放松，好用平静的声音对我说话。
tr	O	它们藏匿在美国各地，并且你必须解开谜题才能找到它们。
tr	O	他已经离开很久了，但是他的身体也随他而去。
tr	O	大家为家中每个人的健康干杯，并且孩子们也高兴地举起他们的牛奶杯加入了。
tr	I	I changed where I lived often , and no place I lived was home .
tr	I	His words stopped her feet and she heard him yelling .
tr	I	I wanted to melt into it , and he was wearing that ghost smile .
tr	O	他看见你进入酒店了，并且他就去问你的名字了。
tr	I	They have no option but a lot of the Irish I met there don 't want to be there .
tr	O	他爬过床朝她过去，并且她突然意识到相比之下自己穿得多么严实。
tr	O	他愤怒地朝我走了一步，并且珍妮把手放在了他的胸口。
tr	O	她没有意识到她的问题不合时宜，但是显然，它就是不合时宜的。
tr	O	几小时后，哔哔声没有吵醒我，但是房间里某个人的沮丧吼声却把我吵醒了。
tr	I	He looked at the file again and Mr. Gonsalves head tipped forward .
tr	O	乌龟开始咯咯地笑，并且我感到我的触手因某种尴尬而相互摩擦。
tr	I	His eyes searched the woods , and Ethan moved away from her .
tr	I	We have coordinates , and the Agency located their ship as it was leaving the Alliance .
tr	I	I stopped at the landing , right by the nailed up stairway and he actually caught me by the shoulder .
tr	O	你是我认识的最善良、最真诚的人，并且我非常抱歉你受到了这样的伤害。
tr	O	一只田鼠跑过地板，并且她叹了口气。
tr	I	With Mike in her life , they were downright dangerous , but the very thoughts were anathema to her on a normal day .
tr	O	她的声音现在变得冰冷，并且珍娜感到自己颤了一下。
tr	I	He wasn 't surprised , and the truth hadn 't snuck up on him .
tr	O	我以为她指的是我所在的房间，并且我很困惑她是否想要开更多的灯。
tr	I	The two Guardsmen had already tumbled limply from their saddles , and the man riding behind him was Toth .
tr	I	She had no way to trace the writer , but the handwriting on the letters appeared exactly alike .
tr	O	圣团生活在毋庸置疑的舒适中，但是很明显这是一个战术位置。
tr	I	Her forehead was pressed against the backdoor and she whispered to herself while her eyes were closed .
tr	O	他的头仍有点痛，但是他真正感到疼痛是在他想到索菲亚的时候。
tr	O	她的身体感觉格格不入，并且每块肌肉下面都出现了硬结。
tr	I	Tilting back her head , she met his wild gaze , and he jerked beneath her touch .
tr	O	他的脸已经失去了死灰般的苍白，并且一些血色回到了他的脸颊。
tr	O	他的滚烫的皮肤灼伤了我的手指，并且他呻吟着吻我，让我欲火焚身。
tr	O	全科医生尚未成立——那还有几十年的路要走——，并且红色委员会仍然掌权。
tr	I	She wore tight black pants with a similarly plain black shirt , and her Cupid 's bow lips were covered in deep red lipstick .
tr	I	The group took their first steps out on New Castle Island and the sea taxi finally pulled up to the dock attached to the island .
tr	I	I answered them the same way , and she asked me the same questions she 'd asked me Saturday night .
tr	I	My breathed was ragged and my throat was seized .
tr	O	下面有什么，他不知道，但是他能保证那肯定不是什么派对。
tr	O	天色已黑，而且我不确定自从我第一次进入地狱以来过去了多少时间。
tr	O	楼梯上传来的脚步声消除了他的不安感，并且他悄悄地下达了命令。
tr	O	劳拉漫不经心，但是艾米却震惊了。
tr	O	我一边翻阅手机上的信息一边几乎听不到他的声音，但是没有凯登发来的任何信息。
tr	O	这栋楼才建成一年多，但是随着时间的推移，地板肯定会塌陷。
tr	I	I 'll do what I can , but if he 's read my article , I doubt he 'll give me one .
tr	O	她的父亲起初反对，但是后来却屈服于它的绝对实用性。
tr	I	His eyes glazed over with predatory concentration , and his preoccupation with his next victim took precedence .
tr	I	I need to be less hard on myself right now , but I feel sorry for myself , that much is true .
tr	I	It hadn 't caught my eye and I had been too overwhelmed with everything else when I 'd been in here before .
tr	I	The response he opened mouth for didn 't arrive , and Sergei furrowed his brow .
tr	O	他咧嘴笑了，并且萨曼莎第一次注意到在灯光下他脸上隐约可见的酒窝。
tr	I	I just want to drop it and it 's obvious that no one understands .
tr	I	Gator was gyrating on the bar and there were crocodiles swimming around inside .
tr	I	Brianna was there , smiling and the door swung open .
tr	I	The little car buzzed to life and he touched the ignition wires together .
tr	I	I had a feeling that this was what I was supposed to do , but maybe it was my Gypsy gift .
tr	O	他知道政客们想要隐藏的所有秘密，并且他随时可以揭露这些秘密。
tr	I	She felt something was amiss , but nothing looked particularly wrong .
tr	O	有一个小男孩，我猜大概十二岁，但是我们其余的都是女孩。
tr	I	It was making her uncomfortable and Shirley was surrounded by vampires .
tr	I	Her kind did love water but she didn 't know why .
tr	I	Tucker glared at her and Chanel spoke too loudly .
tr	O	它不疼，但是它让我感到不寒而栗。
tr	I	Everyone had their nose in a book , and it was unfortunately a silent reading period .
tr	O	特雷弗会不高兴，但是我相信他会感激你在宣誓前退出。
tr	O	我重新坐回椅子上，并且我又开始看我的节目了。
tr	O	莉迪亚能感觉到她儿媳的身体稍微放松了，并且颤抖也停止了。
tr	I	Yet he 's come close to escape more than once , and even surrounded by guards , encircled by high fences , often ill .
tr	O	我知道你可能在想我仍然需要考虑大局，但是讽刺的是，我却正好达到了我想要去的地方。
tr	I	Instead of helping Robbie to feel better , the treatments had only made him feel worse and the physician had been called in .
tr	O	她试图停下脚步，但是他却一直推着她往前走。
tr	I	You 're wagering on it again , and they called it the Great Game .
tr	I	That was what mattered , and he was trying though .
tr	O	这里似乎足够高，我的咒语不会被发现，并且我带着一丝忐忑召出了我的灵体。
tr	I	Byron wondered if she was supposed to be security , and she asked .
tr	O	安吉拉慢慢地笑了，并且威廉知道她已经想明白了。
tr	I	She knew it and she had him .
tr	O	我看不见他，但是，哦，我能感觉到。
tr	O	他把目光从我身上移开，并且他紧张地环顾车内。
tr	O	罗斯对着薇奥莱特笑了，并且他们一起下楼了。
tr	I	I still can 't find the words I 'm looking for , and I 've been sitting here for hours just thinking about it .
tr	I	His eyes sparkled , and Maureen 's gaze met Thom 's .
tr	O	那是我所见过最甜蜜、最疯狂、最浪漫的事情，而且我不知道该如何是好。
tr	O	她脸上的表情如此诱人，并且她的闪亮绿眼睛充满了惊奇。
tr	I	Our lips meet and he slowly brings his mouth to mine .
tr	I	He was not about to change it and being master of his own fate was the prime directive of his life .
tr	O	我试着微笑，但是它太疼了。
tr	O	他知道自己反应过度了，但是他仍然希望他们会接受。
tr	O	国王本应是智慧的宝库，但是这位国王却搞错了优先顺序。
tr	O	我没有想到这一招，但是我认为任何坚决的回答都胜过最明智的沉思。
tr	I	To keep peace as neighbors , they agreed and they even had a talk with his parents .
tr	O	他设法在贝克没有察觉的情况下溜进了房子，并且他想尽可能长时间地避开他的哥哥。
tr	O	她在门边寻找号码，但是没有任何她能看到的。
tr	I	They 'll get her sewn up , and the doctors are in there .
tr	O	他认为自己疯了，但是我L我知道他不是。
tr	I	After a while he got to the suburbs where Jim Stalin 's home was located and Adam followed her instructions precisely .
tr	I	She looked at her cats that had just ambled into the kitchen and he was soon gone from the premises .
tr	I	His towel slipped off , and he stood .
tr	O	他知道他可以抹去她记忆中的内疚，但是他不愿太频繁地干预她的思想。
tr	I	Today he was a fish flopping on the desert floor , but Clint was usually the strong one .
tr	O	淋浴门突然开了，打断了她的思绪，并且艾格尼丝看到托马斯为她举着浴巾时，感激地笑了。
tr	O	他独自一人坐着，啜饮着一杯清澈的饮料，并且那个男人的出现让洛德脊背发凉。
tr	O	埃里克的目光仍然停留在屏幕上，并且我迅速抓起我的夹克。
tr	O	路对面建了一个小停车场，并且我不得不把车停在那里。
tr	O	他的目光有一瞬间失去了焦点，并且我想知道他在想些什么。
tr	I	The door came up easily , and I yanked at the ring .
tr	I	His son mentioning her name made their separation even more acute , but Ryan told him he didn 't believe she could .
tr	O	我需要他坐在餐桌旁，并且我需要把食物摆好。
tr	I	His voice is calm , but his gaze is piercing .
tr	O	我换上我的衣服，并且护士把门打开了。
tr	I	Who said : Be careful what you wish for , was right , and I was too curious about him .
tr	I	I was hesitant to let her go and she swayed alarmingly , gripping the wall .
tr	O	我们走了三天，并且我们现在在这里。
tr	O	我很普通，并且那是非凡的。
tr	O	那个陷阱是一个整洁的小盒子，并且这告诉萨姆这个计划已经酝酿了一段时间。
tr	O	只有我和他，地球上仅有的两个人。
tr	I	Her mouth was dry , but she tried to swallow .
tr	I	There were about fifty students in the class , and she hadn 't spoken up during his lecture .
tr	O	伊森在他备用房间过夜了，但是不知怎的维克拉姆知道他已经离开了。
tr	I	Amy forced her to slow her pace , but Laura started quickly .
tr	I	It was there that she pulled them , and only a few yards behind them was the craggy mouth of the hollowed-out vision tree .
tr	I	It scares me , but I 'll admit , maybe it isn 't all bullshit .
tr	O	她是我父母从未有过的女儿，并且她以我永远无法做到的方式爱着这片土地。
tr	I	I 'd break my neck and there 's no way that Quinn could catch me in time .
tr	O	它算不上是一块墓碑，但是它现在也只能将就了。
tr	O	他旁边那个瘦女孩喊道，并且他们爆发出一阵阵喧闹的笑声。
tr	O	这会需要一些时间，但是你会明白的。
tr	O	蕾根的下嘴唇稍微撅起了一点，并且汉克皱着眉，如此严重以至于他的眉间形成了一道深纹。
tr	O	一道又一道闪电照亮了天空，并且有什么巨大的东西划破水面朝我冲来。
tr	O	他推搡着他们，并且格温小跑着过来帮忙。
tr	O	一切我所要做的就是等他再回到这边来，并且那个混蛋就会任我宰杀了。
tr	I	The top rooms seemed to have older students than in the lower ones and these rooms all appeared to be occupied with girls .
tr	I	Felix was between them , setting down the wooden tray with a fresh set of five shots each , and there was a shadow across the table .
tr	O	杰姆身体不适，但是他会说他没事。
tr	I	That 's A there is to it , and it will because it has to .
tr	O	阿尔忒弥斯告诉过他埃里克把特蕾莎带回了路易斯安那，但是她无法告诉他那个混蛋在路易斯安那的具体位置。
tr	I	Already she didn 't like him and she hadn 't even met him .
tr	O	我一直用它拨弄炉火，但是现在它有了更好的用途——保护。
tr	O	突然她的眼睛猛地睁开了，并且她看向了她的哥哥。
tr	O	这种我们俩都心知肚明的谎言让我哽咽，而且我也因此爱她。
tr	O	我已经告诉了全世界我们在做什么，而且现在却什么也拿不出来。
tr	O	我一点也听不懂他，然而他却能洞悉我的每一个意图。
tr	O	八号把我猛地撞到墙上，挤出了我肺里的空气，但是我没有把眼睛从网上移开。
tr	O	他的手在颤抖，并且我让他吃点东西。
tr	I	Intense pain overtook my body and I tried to sit up .
tr	O	我的嘴唇猛地覆上她的，并且她的嘴毫不犹豫地为我张开。
tr	O	她在岛上会很有帮助，但是那并没有给他留下太多可用的东西。
tr	O	他转向霍奇，并且克莱丽看到了他吞咽时喉咙轻微的蠕动。
tr	O	我不想未经她允许就这么做，但是这是拯救她的唯一方法。
tr	I	She could never be considered fluent , but in high school she 'd taken a couple of years of the language .
tr	O	沉默持续了几秒紧张的时刻，凯勒布和面前的女人互相凝视着。
tr	O	当我睁开眼睛时，一切都完成了，并且麦德琳·玛格达·梦露完全被我的元素冰包裹住了。
tr	I	Much of it was four lane and Provincial Highway 17 was almost a straight shot to the border .
tr	O	这个念头闪过她的脑海，并且她无法否认它的真实性。
tr	O	天色已晚，并且她很快就要醒了。
tr	O	也许我做了太多期《暗夜亡灵》节目，但是威尔比镇开始让我毛骨悚然了。
tr	I	Once you leave there , you will be in peril once again but your energy will be recharged in Hades ' palace .
tr	I	There was a tiny window through which she could hear the ocean and the walls were made of cinder blocks .
tr	I	He nodded , and a pained look crossed his face .
tr	O	这毫无意义，但是她曾想要我。
tr	I	The shirt still had both its sleeves , and he was wearing a shirt , for one thing .
tr	I	She had welcomed him and he 'd been consumed with his need to possess her .
tr	O	机场已被大雪覆盖了几天，并且他们俩自圣诞节以来都没有记录任何飞行时间。
tr	O	他的目光飘回大海，并且他把手叠放在栏杆上。
tr	I	We left his room , and Jonah grabbed up keys .
tr	O	迪安去把他拉回来，但是我更快。
tr	O	她打开了电视，并且她仍然无法集中注意力超过几分钟。
tr	O	那些链子被施了魔法，但是那没有什么我们无法打破的。
tr	O	他举起一个棕色袋子和娜迪亚认出来的凯蒂猫保温杯。
tr	O	这耗尽了他所有的意志力，但是迈克尔的目光仍然紧盯着Tangent。
tr	O	她可能知道灰姑娘是一个很大的神话，但是就在那一刻她会否认它。
tr	I	The cat predominantly ignored him , but on several occasions , Albert attempted to teach the cat a couple of new Spanish words .
tr	I	Callie could only nod at Helen 's odd statement , and a growing sense of dread crept through her body .
tr	I	It is our national pastime , but to answer your question , not all of us hate the Germans .
tr	I	He carried on but Jamie was devastated .
tr	O	我怀疑地眯起眼睛，但是 我什么也没说。
tr	O	他试图抬手摸我的脸，但是 他颤抖得如此厉害以至于他无法做到。
tr	I	I didn 't revel in it anymore , but I did what I had to do .
tr	I	The light barely penetrated the water , but I spun around , trying to get my bearings .
tr	I	An image popped in his head and Chewy 's eyes grew .
tr	O	它黏滑，并且 他的血渗入其表面，就像水渗入干海绵一样。
tr	O	这是我第一次看到伊恩如此脆弱，几乎像个孩子，并且 我很喜欢。
tr	O	所有系统都运行正常，并且 我正在返回。
tr	O	她那乳白色的眼睛睁着，但是 它们什么也看不见。
tr	I	A second later his face relaxed , but Alex seemed annoyed by the interruption .
tr	I	He 'd betrayed her , and Olivia had loved him with all of her soul .
tr	I	Call had lived at Hex Hall since he was thirteen , but I was used to feeling vaguely homeless .
tr	I	I didn 't have the strength to get out of there , but I knew it wasn 't safe to stay in that room .
tr	O	他们谈论着达文一天的计划，并且 他问她为何过去几天一直缺席早餐桌。
tr	I	It really touched something in me and I read it in high school .
tr	I	This took a minute of concentration , and my hands were shaking almost as hard as Jake 's had been .
tr	O	门开了，并且 凯尔出现了，她身后带着光亮。
tr	O	我真的应该，但是我不能。
tr	I	Her eyes staring into nothingness , and her face was all bloodied .
tr	O	他皱着眉，思考着那位骄傲的老人以及他顷刻间失去的一切。
tr	I	A few still clung in vain to the wispy branches , but most of the trees that surrounded Northwest Research Park had lost their leaves .
tr	O	是她微倾着头以及她那敷衍的笑容，他不再确定那是为了谁。
tr	I	Jac would have Targeted her but I doubt anyone .
tr	O	他们之间的感情很深厚，而且他们甚至还没有亲吻过。
tr	O	很不幸，Kira没有把塑料布准备好，但是我希望大家立刻都穿上袜子。
tr	O	她用手抚摸着我的脸颊，并且我竟然在她眼中看到了柔情。
tr	O	Nora强忍着泪水，但是她现在再也忍不住了。
tr	O	他的目光落在我手上，但是他没有挣脱。
tr	O	时间流逝，并且这是米娅第六次拜访塞巴斯蒂安家。
tr	I	It is time to kill again and our reprieve from violence is over .
tr	O	如果詹姆斯发起争吵，她永远不会原谅他，但是他不喜欢那些审视乔尼的狡黠眼神。
tr	O	她的手指在红色方格桌布上画着图案，并且她没有勇气看他。
tr	O	她能听到自己的心跳声，但是那听起来也很遥远。
tr	O	他本应在别处寻找发泄，克制自己的欲望，但是没有其他女人能吸引他。
tr	O	我递给克里斯汀一个，而且当我打开我自己的易拉罐时，有什么东西吸引了我的目光。
tr	O	我对她的冷酷无情感到震惊，但是我理解。
tr	O	基督徒对我们的土地来说是新生事物，但是已经很难想象他们不曾在这里的时候。
tr	O	他身材魁梧，并且他的拳头犹如石块。
tr	O	他们惧怕这些野兽已千年，但是迷信使他们不敢公开承认。
tr	I	She was ready to close and the hour was past eight .
tr	I	I simply learned to take the silliness in stride , and even doing customer service for Candace became more comfortable .
tr	I	I didn 't need to , but I couldn 't even hear what Galen was saying .
tr	O	没有作者是独自写作的，并且也没有作者是独自成功的。
tr	I	The way his hand slowly inched its way up my stomach , and I kissed him back , enjoying the sweet taste of his mouth .
tr	I	He came home to get away from me and I think she thought that we 'd been fighting .
tr	O	他早些时候也问过克里夫同样的问题，但是罗德尼似乎在信息方面更开放，即使他仍然是无情的。
tr	I	The spots began to return , but he wanted to say more .
tr	O	格里高尔想反对，但是他的喉咙却僵住了。
tr	O	疯子罗根的脸上冒出了汗珠，然而一种宁静、平静的表情却占据了他的脸。
tr	I	I follow behind and she then heads into the girls bathroom .
tr	I	They crashed through the leafy branches , and the thunderous impact rattled the trees .
tr	I	She stopped them with a thought but the other mages summoned their fires .
tr	O	她没有动机，并且她也无法控制自己。
tr	O	门铃响了，并且她的心跳停止了。
tr	I	On occasion , more than a few actually , I shushed her and she shushed me .
tr	O	安吉丽娜年迈的管家给他们开了门，并且埃齐奥把那盒花放在了院子里的石凳上。
tr	O	笑让我身体疼痛，但是笑着感觉很好。
tr	I	A picture races to the front of my mind , and I touch it .
tr	O	我瞥了一眼女神，心想她会知道的，但是她看起来和我一样困惑。
tr	O	我知道这可能不是制造麻烦的最佳时机，但是这也不是他拒绝我的最佳时机。
tr	O	她拖沓的脚步声在我的门前停了下来，并且我感觉到她靠得很近。
tr	O	我们现在离开，并且她醒来时会有一个护理员。
tr	O	事实是我的神经已经崩溃了，并且我太累了，无法恐慌。
tr	I	I put my hand on his , and Trenton tensed .
tr	O	她年轻时就很漂亮，但是母亲的身份让她焕发出光彩。
tr	O	皇帝朝他们点了点头，并且他们回以同样的轻微姿态。
tr	I	It reeked of cigars and we walked into the motel office .
tr	I	Her words were enough but her face had been in shadow .
tr	I	They are filled with warmth , and his eyes open .
tr	I	Their families have been ravaged , and their land has been pillaged .
tr	O	黎明是他的伴侣，他的另一半，并且他绝不会让她离开。
tr	O	我看到了他给她的眯起的目光，但是她忙着盯着我看，没注意到。
tr	O	我正要回答，但是我忍住了。
tr	O	鲁本焦急地想见到他，但是他说的任何话都根本无法改变卡特勒医生的想法。
tr	I	Harrison came to stand in front of my desk , and all those eyes fell on me again .
tr	I	It could wait until Monday , but he 'd hit another dead end today , obviously he had some more investigating to do .
tr	I	I hoped that Katie could swim well , and I knew we couldn 't come up until we reached safety .
tr	I	They slant a little at the edges , and his eyes are so dark they look black .
tr	O	此后，我将把你转移到“鸟儿炼狱”进行一段时间的调查，并且在那里你将得到治疗。
tr	I	Charlie was up to it , and this hat was one of those .
tr	O	克莱尔的嘴唇抿紧了，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	I	Rebound was likely for most recovering alcoholics , and Recovery wasn 't a clearly defined path .
tr	O	什么都无法改变那一点，并且什么都无法改变我对她的爱。
tr	O	她停下来看着我，并且她的眼睛变得呆滞。
tr	I	He 'll come around and that he 's afraid .
tr	O	门开了，并且卡勒姆踱了进来，手里提着一个包。
tr	I	For the briefest moment , her eyes met mine and she was wearing a sleek black dress with a silver strip .
tr	I	He was in no position to take advantage of it , but the quarterback position held a certain status at our school .
tr	O	他当时还没有那么引人注目，不像弗雷德里克那样，但是女人仍然会停下来盯着他看。
tr	I	It was like wrapping up in a cloud , and I tried it on in the store .
tr	O	他那时知道他可以和她做这件事，甚至在她需要时在她体内得到宣泄，而且他开始放松下来。
tr	O	称麦迪为公主让他大大加分，而且我想我甚至听到了一声微弱的咯咯笑声。
tr	I	It was Anna who was forced to look away , and she stared her in the eye now .
tr	I	Falconer 's words drilled at him , and Conway blanched .
tr	I	The finished product smelled better , but the process of creating leather from skins was noisome .
tr	O	我无法分享你的生活，并且你无法分享我的。
tr	O	我在这里过得很好，并且你把它搞砸了。
tr	O	她曾像爱兄弟一样爱他，而且现在他毫无意义地躺在那里死了。
tr	I	I couldn 't do it , but I tried to sit up .
tr	O	他觊觎圣殿骑士团在法国的财产多年已不是秘密，但是他的计划却一无所获。
tr	I	The lad half lifted me from my feet and I yanked the sword from my cane just as two huge arms closed around me from behind .
tr	I	She 's still sitting on her hip , tilted toward me , and I can feel the pressure of Kalli 's arm behind me .
tr	I	She is so intense , but she 's very popular .
tr	I	They all ran back to Frank 's office to see if it would have any effect and the major relayed the plan over his radio .
tr	O	它只是一只流浪狗，但是它是一只不错的狗。
tr	I	I could hear the distant trickling of water from the fountain near his doorway , and the lights were dim .
tr	I	My breath was fresh and my hair was tremendously combed .
tr	O	他以前咬过我，但是他当时的欲望是由激情而非生理需求驱动的。
tr	I	We withdrew to wait for their return , and the old men grumbled .
tr	O	她背对着我躺着，而且我以为她已经睡着了。
tr	I	The distant figure comes running , and the man at my side nods .
tr	I	He managed to meet William 's probing stare , but his voice wasn 't quite steady .
tr	I	I know it 's better this way , but she ordered no such thing .
tr	I	I don 't let it go but I drop the knife to my side .
tr	I	My bodily functions were normal and my vital signs had stabilized .
tr	I	Micha 's voice flows over the room and I keep spinning her until the music stops .
tr	O	早餐不用花太长时间，并且我有了我的主意。
tr	I	That would have definitely worked in his favor , and Rico was at least six foot one , taller than the average man .
tr	I	The soft hum from Dina 's sled echoes down the corridors , but we try to move as a unit , permitting no space between us .
tr	I	The continuity of the brain 's existence is unbroken , but the brain , at its option , can have them replaced at any time .
tr	O	我们要被处决了，并且我们什么也做不了。
tr	O	安德鲁有权保护尼基，但是他差点杀了他们四个人。
tr	O	他带领他们作战，并且他带领他们抵达安全之地。
tr	I	Soon they drove away and ahead of him , a young woman entered a taxi .
tr	I	He continued , and she nodded her head .
tr	I	I had no idea they were so close , but I knew they were hanging out .
tr	O	他的嘴唇颤抖着，并且他用一只颤抖的手擦拭着它们。
tr	O	他不会放她走，直到他准备好并且他有足够的力量做他想做的事。
tr	O	我不知所措，但是她可怜了我。
tr	I	She hung up the phone and * * * Tears streamed .
tr	I	Thomas had been hatching plots and you could see the falconer .
tr	I	You 're just going to have to wait , but I know it 's tough .
tr	I	She started to scream , and there was another shot .
tr	I	We can each get a turn , and I can score something for her .
tr	O	艾玛试图挣脱，但是她无法对抗那个高大的男人。
tr	O	前三场比赛都是有剧本的，并且没有一场是为了得分而设计的。
tr	O	死亡会很糟糕，但是我的船员死亡会更糟糕。
tr	O	他二十八岁了，并且他在生活中几乎一事无成。
tr	I	His solemn mask never cracks , but his head nods slowly .
tr	O	他并不是想保守秘密，并且他现在后悔自己缺乏远见。
tr	O	我问他，并且他慢慢地点头。
tr	I	I felt a bit panicked , but I kept my voice even .
tr	O	伊丽莎白在乔治带着她的饮料回来时笑了，并且他的眼睛因她的注视而闪烁着喜悦。
tr	I	It rocked on its springs and something hit the truck hard .
tr	O	我现在不可能出去了，但是我必须提醒福克纳一家——告诉他们发生了什么。
tr	I	I was on the bottom only once , but the impacts were jolting .
tr	O	他试图板着脸，但是他无法抑制笑容。
tr	I	He propped his forearms on the frame , and I rolled down the driver 's window .
tr	I	I don 't know where to start but I have a former candidate I 'd like to help out .
tr	I	It took all his willpower to move her hand away and a groan rose in his throat .
tr	I	Little it most definitely was , and she whispered , not wanting to frighten the little kid .
tr	I	He was gone and the doors closed .
tr	I	He was her snake , but which I happened to believe wasn 't much .
tr	I	The sound blocked out everything , and she heard someone screaming .
tr	I	My whole future as a pilot was on the line , and I reminded myself I hadn 't flown in two months .
tr	I	He was actually quite good and it was a faster number .
tr	I	I waved him away and my face flushed red .
tr	O	他们被赋予了生命，但是他们无法生存。
tr	O	那是她的一部分，并且你曾经知道。
tr	O	他们多年来一直是好朋友，并且他是镇上最好的离婚律师。
tr	I	I didn 't dare open my eyes , but I wondered if they had run into my door .
tr	I	Nicholas ' pupils widened to the sense and the sensation buzzing through his being returned .
tr	I	The crowd was thinning as they walked out of the station and the men behind them were gaining ground .
tr	I	I theoretically had his apartment , but I didn 't have Marcus .
tr	O	我看着克里斯蒂安·阿彻，并且他对我眨了眨眼。
tr	O	我的嘴巴开始流口水，并且我的腿开始向厨房移动。
tr	I	Prison looked likely , and he was devastated though .
tr	O	他不知道针对那个腐败警察有什么威胁，但是他猜想他肯定会在接下来的几天里弄清楚。
tr	I	You were walking around holding hands and he got to meet your parents .
tr	O	她想到了康妮，并且她前几天那番长篇大论后会有什么反应。
tr	I	I felt tears running out of my eyes , and we laughed for a good couple of minutes .
tr	O	那个东西没有肉身，但是它确实有一种能够显现出物理形态的本质。
tr	O	她的嘴里充满了他的血，并且她开始道歉。
tr	O	他的嘴因愤怒而扭曲，但是他的声音依然低沉。
tr	I	When she saw one of the bystanders , an old mentor , nod in encouragement , it was worth it , but her arms were already sore .
tr	I	In response , he pulled me closer , and my hands clutched at his back .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she thought he might put his arms around her .
tr	I	I knew girls liked that , and he kind of looked like Keifer Sutherland in that old vampire movie .
tr	O	多利安赞同地点了点头，并且他们列队走进树林。
tr	O	我，身为领航员，看地图时迷路了，并且我来到了这里。
tr	I	There were no lights turned on in that room , and the front drapes were drawn , as they were every evening .
tr	I	Ivy was falling and it promptly disappeared .
tr	I	He wouldn 't stop shaking , but he tried to hide it from us .
tr	O	雪莉摇了摇头，但是她的笑容却更大了。
tr	O	我会成为他们的高阶女王，但是我却永远不会真正地成为地精。
tr	O	我希望我们能尽快到达温特维尔，并且为此，我查看了地图，将“长射”的笔记与我们所在的位置进行比较。
tr	I	Most everything seemed to be done for him but he spent some time working in the fields .
tr	O	她从他手中滑脱了，并且他收回了手臂。
tr	I	That included not drinking more than he could handle , and he never did anything to excess .
tr	I	I scampered after him and he stomped back inside .
tr	O	军队会进行搜查，但是他们不会找到他的母亲。
tr	I	I wasn 't going to tolerate it any longer , and he kept stabbing me with his words as weapons .
tr	O	他吸了口气，并且她敢发誓他看起来很真诚，甚至很恭敬。
tr	O	我们躬身穿过狭窄的开口，并且他们猛地关上了厚重的门。
tr	I	Alarms burst out along the corridor , and I blink my left eye three times to activate it .
tr	I	They had already cooled , but I rubbed my eyes .
tr	O	雨一直没有停，并且康纳仍然没有从商务会议回来。
tr	O	她对他眨了眨眼，并且他挠了挠她的鼻子。
tr	I	He knew the place as well as she did and one weekend in her home taking care of her .
tr	I	I was crouching in a dark stairwell listening to these scoundrels chat about it , and perhaps it was happening even now .
tr	I	I 've been to some exorbitant places and it 's beyond anything I 've ever seen .
tr	I	I could hardly recognize the actions as my own , and I was gradually becoming aware of what I had done .
tr	O	你嘲笑我，因为我认为她有问题，但是我在努力保护你！
tr	I	The emotions too real , and the warning was faint .
tr	I	We both know the outcome and we 've played this game before .
tr	O	一切都与最终博弈有关，并且事态才刚刚开始升温。
tr	O	除了戴尔说那是敌人并且他准备消灭敌人。
tr	O	然后费利克斯独自走开，并且鲁本回到了他的守候。
tr	I	I didn 't want to do it like this , but I wanted to get Rimmel into bed more than I ever had anyone .
tr	I	I shudder , and we head outside .
tr	O	特蕾丝迫不及待想逃往米德尔伯里，并且我不能责怪她。
tr	I	He wasn 't but I instinctively turned around to see if Samuel was still beside me .
tr	O	他本想认为受损的只是他的自尊，但是真相远比那更令人不安。
tr	O	这听起来像是一个愚蠢的回答，但是也没有太多其他可说的了。
tr	O	夫妻俩还没看到她，所以仍然有机会溜走，但是她没有抓住这个机会。
tr	I	I see her grimace and Stenger pulls on Francesca 's neck a little harder .
tr	O	他们看不见，而且她看起来很棒。
tr	O	她怀着最好的意图给我盖好被子，但是我不想上床睡觉，因为那意味着一个人待着。
tr	I	The consequences of theft were severe , and she knew only that she had not paid for it .
tr	I	You 're not a victim , but you can be headstrong .
tr	O	他本可以轻易地把它扛在肩上，但是他还是把水桶拖在身后。
tr	O	当时大约凌晨两点，并且他们在街对面监视着这处房产，这时他们发现了一些让他们吃惊的东西。
tr	I	Here we are and they did not .
tr	I	The fingers held firm , but he reflexively yanked his arm back .
tr	I	I hardly paid attention to them , but I heard sirens wailing in the distance .
tr	O	也许所有的女武神都有着总体上的相似之处，但是她们可以出生于不同的物种。
tr	O	我的房间甚至可能已经坍塌了，并且他们只是把我搬到了这个几乎一模一样的房间来让我相信并非如此。
tr	I	Mexico threatened half a dozen nations in South America and when I started , Belize was in ruins .
tr	I	They nodded their assent , and he asked his men .
tr	O	她离开了HIM，并且他转身去看她在干什么。
tr	O	一股足以毁灭世界的怒意掠过薄雾，并且塔维因其强度而畏缩。
tr	I	It was not enough , but the Coalition had managed to accelerate their production .
tr	O	她脱衣服的时候我努力不去看，但是这很难。
tr	O	我很清楚如果他死了他建议我做什么，但是他的允许却不知为何让我感觉更糟了。
tr	O	其中一扇白金色的门开了，并且一个小女孩走了出来。
tr	O	她停了下来，头摇摇晃晃的，但是当然没有人说话。
tr	O	她伸出了手，并且我握住了。
tr	O	她声音中的尖锐有所减弱，并且她迅速斜眼看了一眼咆哮的布兰德。
tr	O	她一生都在为自己想要的东西而奋斗，并且她一直独自战斗。
tr	I	I was bad news from the moment you laid eyes on me , and we met five months ago .
tr	O	她的眼睑又颤动了一下，并且这次它们睁开了。
tr	O	他今天可以回家了，并且我的心为此雀跃。
tr	O	光是走到一半就需要两小时的跋涉，但是我毫不在意。
tr	I	Dayne laughed like it was an inside joke , and Greta gave a mew from under the couch .
tr	O	他的另一只手迅速伸去寻找支撑，但是它随着他的呼吸贴合着他的脖子。
tr	O	它慢慢地开始成形，随着内尔的思绪变得清晰起来，并且我以一种可怕而令人作呕的感觉意识到那是迈克尔。
tr	O	我对她做了个鬼脸，并且她不情愿地回以一笑。
tr	I	You meant me no harm , but your methods may have been questionable .
tr	I	So far , the process had been rewarding , but he was only about six months into it .
tr	I	Those poor people were dead in nasty nasty ways , and I 'd never even seen a dead body before this .
tr	O	你知道我一直在留下线索，而且最后的收获也不远了。
tr	O	他扬了扬眉毛，但是我没有笑。
tr	I	At the farmhouse , Hank followed me inside , and the ride home was uneventful .
tr	O	他的眉毛微微皱起，并且海莉也皱起了眉。
tr	O	周围一片黑暗，并且接着，当他的眼睛适应后，有些东西像萤火虫。
tr	I	His half sister stood on the other side and the front door swung open .
tr	O	米哈伊尔非常尊敬他，并且这本身就足以说明这个人了。
tr	O	她的家人都死了，并且她的大部分朋友也正走向那条路。
tr	O	他们被抓了，并且她不笨。
tr	O	她说你们的新睡眠瓦斯效果完美并且铁狼用它抓捕了十九名囚犯。
tr	I	Flung back the curtains , letting light steamroll over her and he came into her bedroom .
tr	O	他其实并不喜欢他，但是他仍然为他所认识的人的逝世感到悲伤，无论相识多么短暂。
tr	I	I wrap my arms around him for a quick hug , and he sets the pie on the counter with a flourish .
tr	I	Sticking out her left boot is the hilt of a knife and strapped to her left leg is a long barreled pistol .
tr	I	It was also kind of scary , and it was very frustrating .
tr	O	布达整夜都在试图回到城里，并且现在他已经回到城里了，他却不确定为什么。
tr	O	无论这些人是谁，他们都有能力把詹姆斯变成一个语无伦次的孩子，并且那让我感到恐惧。
tr	O	跟我来，并且我会带你去治安官办公室。
tr	O	布莱克威尔夫人仍然昏迷不醒，并且杰拉德把她抬了出去。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且我们拥抱了。
tr	O	我需要专注于自救，但是剧痛让我无法承受。
tr	O	我认为一开始会有点让人难以承受，但是我相信你能应付。
tr	O	场景变了，并且她坐在了电椅上。
tr	I	Those were the only things I really cared about , and I had taken the pictures of my father with me to Maryland when visiting Sean .
tr	I	Once she 'd heard her husband 's voice , she couldn 't stop herself , but she hadn 't intended to tell him this way .
tr	O	这个混蛋差点对我女人下手了，并且那种事情是绝对不可接受的。
tr	I	It was still nice , but this wasn 't nearly the neighborhood where Jenny lived .
tr	I	Jordan obediently filled it , too and Filbert stuck his empty glass forward .
tr	I	I knew those words hurt him deeper than anything , and I loved him so much .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure Zane would know what Ava was doing , and he wasn 't sure absinthe had made it to the Miami scene , though .
tr	I	I could make sure Marie studied as hard as she partied , and Marie might be the person to pull me out of my self-imposed shell .
tr	I	So he thought ... or Auron had slashed her white mask .
tr	I	Saying it aloud comforted him , but not that he needed to state the obvious .
tr	O	我们俩都汗流浃背，并且我得喘口气。
tr	I	I would live in a chair or I needed surgery .
tr	O	骑士内疚地看了她一眼，但是埃莉诺对他微微一笑。
tr	O	她的双手握成小拳头，并且她坚定地转离了火堆。
tr	O	我把门侧放，并且它横跨了隧道的宽度。
tr	O	她穿着一件后面还没拉上拉链的绿色连衣裙，并且她的头发用卷发器卷着。
tr	O	我不得不看着她和我的儿子慢慢变老。
tr	I	I interrupt but Knox starts to say .
tr	I	He wasn 't answering his cell either and she didn 't know where Nick was .
tr	O	他人还不错，但是他的兄弟戴夫很刻薄。
tr	I	When his lips stretched wide in a silent scream I saw the silver of my impaling blade inside his mouth , and his sword dropped .
tr	I	It started getting colder a while ago and it was already late in the evening .
tr	O	有两个人看到有人掉进去了，但是他们太醉了，救不了那个人。
tr	O	他没说他们要去哪里，但是这真的不重要。
tr	O	查理最初认为那与他们各自的兴趣有关，但是现在看来他们有一个共同的兴趣：珍贵版本。
tr	I	Nothing came out , but John tried to open his mouth again to talk .
tr	I	I didn 't mind seeing most of it go , but don 't get me wrong I enjoyed some of it .
tr	I	Carmine slid into it , running his hand nervously through his hair and he motioned toward an empty chair beside him .
tr	O	水晶只存在于传说中，而且那是在我们正确解读的情况下。
tr	O	丹尼尔抱着受伤的胳膊跟上，但是这个动作让他难以承受。
tr	O	他的嘴唇猛地压上玛姬的，并且他的舌头伸进了她的嘴里。
tr	I	Touched her on the shoulder and very hesitantly he reached out .
tr	I	She knew it was true in her case , but she knew people always joked about twins having a kind of metaphysical bond .
tr	O	米尔特肯定猜到了，或者他会更坦率。
tr	O	蓝色褪去，并且一切都恢复了正常。
tr	I	There was little conversation in the boats , and the sounds of oars were mostly drowned by the river 's rushing .
tr	O	一把太多了，但是他没时间弄清楚他可能需要多少，所以他只是抓了一些。
tr	I	It was that way again ... and it had always been Zach chattering back then , talking for his sister .
tr	O	他戴着环绕脸部的墨镜，并且他穿着一件长袖衬衫。
tr	O	米娅知道离开他不会容易，但是她必须对他说些会伤害他的话。
tr	O	没什么太糟糕的，比如骨折，但是他确实变得很暴力。
tr	O	我扶起那位老妇人，并且我们走回医院。
tr	I	She was becoming terrified of the unknown , but at another time , she might have appreciated them .
tr	O	这名男子有罪，但是辩护很出色。
tr	I	The potatoes are an issue , but while I 'm away , the Hab can take care of itself .
tr	I	He had no way out but he was out of camera range .
tr	O	她在开玩笑，但是其中不乏真理。
tr	O	她已为欢愉做好准备，但是它的纯粹力量让她措手不及。
tr	O	那身影转了半圈，并且光线落在它的脸上。
tr	O	我问了他我好奇的六岁大脑能想到的所有问题，并且他尽可能地回答了。
tr	I	Neither could Anna and he couldn 't control it .
tr	O	那几乎让她笑了，但是看到父亲在监狱里后，她很难放下戒备。
tr	O	他没有为穿过石墙的长传做好准备，并且Surreal试图保护他的努力还不够充分。
tr	I	The lightness didn 't reach his eyes , but he laughed .
tr	I	It was just fun ... but it was something .
tr	I	It annoyed me that she would just let him back into the office , but I didn 't want to get angry with the manager .
tr	O	她小心地推了一下，并且门缓缓地打开了。
tr	O	他问，并且莎拉点了点头。
tr	I	Still we plunged into the fog at over two hundred miles per hour , but I eased up on the gas .
tr	I	She was going to find out what it was , and he was hiding something .
tr	O	泪水涌上了他的眼睛，但是艾略特眨了眨眼把它们忍了回去。
tr	O	那该死的灯要等好久，并且我总是在同一个地方熄火。
tr	O	他试图用微笑安慰她，但是她没那么容易被骗。
tr	I	They were taking on a toned look that I was proud of , but my arms weren 't nearly as tight as Claire 's .
tr	I	Then again it wasn 't that awful , but my mother slapping me flew to the forefront of my mind .
tr	O	塞尔比高中很老，并且我说的就是老。
tr	O	她的那张小脸上闪过一丝怒意，并且她不安地瞥了一眼乔治牧师，乔治牧师向她点了点头。
tr	I	Her knife had pierced his windpipe , but Zane tried to gasp .
tr	O	圣地亚哥与他的兄弟肩并肩地转过身，并且两兄弟同时将双手猛地拍向薄雾。
tr	O	埃里克看起来不高兴，但是他至少停止了争吵。
tr	I	Romano didn 't like bad news and he had promised Romano that Buzz would win .
tr	I	We both went crashing down to the ground , as I couldn 't stop my momentum and I grabbed hold of her waist .
tr	I	Her mind was spinning full tilt , but Star did not utter a word .
tr	O	这是一个危险的世界，而且像这样的小错误会让你付出很大的代价。
tr	I	She knew it , and he had something to say to her .
tr	I	It was clearly daylight Outside , but the drapes were still closed .
tr	O	已经过去了几秒钟，并且卡勒姆一动不动地躺在地上。
tr	I	He laughs and I demand .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，好像我打了她一样，并且我觉得自己是个十足的混蛋。
tr	O	我问了，并且他从口袋里掏出手机查看屏幕。
tr	I	She could feel her arousal dampen his hand , and she grew wetter , hotter .
tr	I	It didn 't mean he was dead , but ok , Mr Price hadn 't been around for a while .
tr	O	他听到楼上传来沙沙声，并且有些脚步声在来回拖动。
tr	O	她没有微笑，但是她很高兴能在他身边。
tr	O	他瘫倒在地，并且我跪倒在他身边。
tr	O	你承诺给我们财富，所以我们会加入你，但是你从未打算让我们致富。
tr	I	In the next , it was the limb of a panther , and one minute he had a long , masculine arm draped over her waist .
tr	O	他犹豫了那么久，以至于伊奥娜以为他根本不会回答，但是随后他轻声开口了。
tr	I	I growled in frustration , and I felt strangely empty .
tr	O	怒火控制了她，并且她欣然接受了它。
tr	I	Damned if she wasn 't standing there watching for him , but he 'd had no expectations of Ashley actually showing up .
tr	O	当他们到达安娜的公寓时，她转身感谢他载她一程，但是史蒂文制止了她。
tr	I	The shot flew wide , but he fired just as the bird landed on the biscuit .
tr	O	她在这件事上是无辜的，并且她的清白似乎依然无损。
tr	O	他的脸上写满了天真，但是我捕捉到了他声音中的一丝戏谑。
tr	O	奥布里告诉我们，她的餐馆Mm正在倒闭，但是她的母亲决心阻止这一切发生。
tr	I	It wasn 't technically untrue -- but it wasn 't the clearest summary of their situation .
tr	I	We tuned in to hear the rest of the show and only the sound of Aisling 's voice got our attention .
tr	O	他什么也没做，因为他听到了小巷里的马蹄声，而且他想知道这么晚是谁。
tr	I	No one really wanted to get down to business , but they knew they were in D.C. for a reason .
tr	O	我不介意采取攻势，但是我想让她成为那个放下戒备的人。
tr	O	他转向她，并且在月光下她看到了一些以前从未在他身上见过的事物。
tr	O	他的妈妈在他生活支离破碎时，充当了他和老人之间的缓冲。
tr	I	I leaned down to give him a kiss and he arched his neck so that our faces were close .
tr	O	你基本上是在为桌子买单，而且令人惊讶的是，它们价格不菲。
tr	I	I can 't see what 's on it and we 're too far down .
tr	I	It appears to be something else , but they thought there might have been silver powder on the blade .
tr	I	He pressed himself between them and she didn 't have a chance to close her legs .
tr	O	她差点脱口而出说不，但是他疲惫眼中恳求的眼神改变了她的主意。
tr	I	We both tried to wipe away tears , and she pulled me into a tight hug .
tr	I	He hadn 't seen the harpies , but he was right .
tr	O	这本书是《神圣的轻罪》，而且它让我焦头烂额。
tr	O	我有非常严重的PTSD，并且我当时的女朋友甩了我。
tr	I	Simon immediately shifted to block the doorway , his amber eyes focused on Meg , but the words weren 't meant to alarm .
tr	O	他的嘴巴很干，并且他的膝盖发软。
tr	O	在这一年里我辜负了人们，并且我很抱歉他们感到难过。
tr	O	她很清楚他是在开玩笑，但是她还是将指尖移向他的脖子。
tr	I	Her will was strong , but her knees were weak .
tr	I	After several minutes , they continued speaking in lowered voices , and it got really quiet then .
tr	O	他的表情很痛苦，但是他这次没有争辩。
tr	O	我需要在途中充电，而且漫游车没有太阳能电池板。
tr	O	他用古英语说话，并且他穿的衣服很像她看过的阿米什人的照片。
tr	O	我下车时在发抖，但是这并非因为气温下降。
tr	I	She pushed his hand away with disgust , but Eli tried to lead her away .
tr	O	这说得通，但是这也让保罗质疑他为什么没能认出西比尔的真实身份。
tr	O	珍娜发出一声压抑的尖叫，并且我们俩都倒在了地上。
tr	O	扎克问了，并且房间里一片死寂。
tr	I	It began to glow softly with a golden luminescence as he adopted a faraway look and Morgan pulled out a topaz pendant .
tr	O	她注意到好几对情侣已经赤身裸体，并且事情已经有了不同的发展。
tr	I	They hadn 't granted this gift in twenty thousand years , and I 'd have to convince my brethren to allow this .
tr	I	It wasn 't a nice smile , and he smiled then .
tr	O	有一刻他无法相信，但是接着他就知道这千真万确。
tr	O	只有一种方法可以查明，并且她没有足够的好奇心去尝试。
tr	O	我本该把它们拍开，但是我太想他了。
tr	O	仅仅四天，但是我非常想念她。
tr	I	There were only three standouts , and somehow we made it through .
tr	I	She resumed petting and the puppy pawed at her hand .
tr	I	The sailors disembarked , carrying their duffel bags and an eternity passed before the gangplank was lowered .
tr	O	一个吻轻触他的嘴唇，这是他从第一眼就渴望的女人心甘情愿给予的，并且他对此无力抵抗。
tr	O	我有我的职责，并且他们有他们的。
tr	I	You will be safe overnight and you can hide there .
tr	I	We were divided by what they thought was thousands of miles , but I could see how badly she just wanted to hold me .
tr	O	她去摸门把手，并且门在帕克没有触碰的情况下就开了。
tr	I	The same car was sitting outside and we drove to his house .
tr	O	她的眼睛保持干涩，但是她的喉咙却在快速堵塞。
tr	I	I lose my grip on the rope in my left hand and the swing shifts under my weight .
tr	O	狗开始服从，但是一旦它走到门口，它又折返回来催促利维继续前进。
tr	I	Her nails scored the flesh of his abdomen , and their moans mingled .
tr	I	Both knew that this was a bond never to be broken and their eyes met again .
tr	O	他朝我扔了些东西，并且我接住了，稍微皱了下眉。
tr	O	她在他的手下绷紧了身体，并且他开始抽回手。
tr	I	I beckoned them to follow and all remaining men stood up .
tr	I	The waves grew larger , and rain poured .
tr	I	Emma shrugged , and he said eventually .
tr	O	我很冷，并且你很暖和。
tr	O	他当然年纪大了，但是他是一个善良、稳重，而且对我很好的人。
tr	I	She looks at me and I look at Jennifer .
tr	O	天色还很早，并且火车上几乎空无一人。
tr	I	He wished to hear all that was said and this wolf was a new turn of events .
tr	O	查克立刻退开了，并且他的目光在黄光中搜寻着她。
tr	I	We met at a social , and he left his wife ages ago .
tr	I	Jase knew they were waiting to see what would happen next , but they were on the floor , pretending to talk to each other .
tr	O	我们需要一个宣泄口，并且我们找到了它。
tr	O	我站在最前面，试图让人知道我的存在，但是没有人注意到我。
tr	O	我答应会守护她的心，并且我不知道我是否会做到。
tr	O	当他到达大楼时，我步履沉重地走下车，并且车门砰的一声关上了。
tr	I	I knew he was listening and Lucien 's head was cocked .
tr	O	她知道，但是这仍然让她震惊。
tr	O	至少追捕他的士兵没有花时间弄到马匹，否则他将没有机会领先他们。
tr	O	实际上有五个原型机，并且他把它们都叫做“宝贝”。
tr	I	I was flung into the snow , and then the grays plunged forward again .
tr	O	他还在，或者他刚才还在。
tr	I	Surely there were some books with some information somewhere , but he knew nothing about the species .
tr	O	花了一点时间，但是她最终决定寻求帮助解决头部的嗡嗡声。
tr	I	The cane will start to react and our energies will combine .
tr	I	This time whatever she 'd done had worked , and it was Calliope .
tr	I	You hated him , and he was a good man , your brother .
tr	O	他说，而且她情不自禁地跳了起来。
tr	I	There was one awkward moment of silence , and Charlie helped Franz unload the luggage in the back of the automobile .
tr	I	I closed my eyes before she could say a word , and my mom took a breath .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I shouldn 't be curious .
tr	O	玛丽等待更多，但是没有了。
tr	O	片刻之后蛙鸣停止了，并且我们再次默默地走着。
tr	I	He hadn 't thought ahead to prepare for the tour , and he wasn 't wearing the pyjamas anymore .
tr	I	Viktor clasped his arm in midair , and the boy leapt off the wall .
tr	O	玛丽昂俯下身，并且他能看到她头脑中科学的那一部分占据了主导。
tr	I	I hear a sob in her voice and she cries .
tr	I	She pushed it aside to stay on track , but Susie 's eyes narrowed for an instant at the mention of it .
tr	I	A pained cough escapes me and Rob kicks me in the side .
tr	I	He is not going to accompany you and there is absolutely no way for you to shoot the general .
tr	O	我的家人对世界持有一种微观的看法，并且他们喜欢这样。
tr	I	It was in front of one of these that he now sat , and there were two great cooking hearths , one at either end .
tr	O	我愣在原地，并且我的想象力占据了上风。
tr	I	We digress , but sometimes he stoops .
tr	O	我呻吟着，并且她甚至还没碰过我。
tr	I	Mother made sure it didn 't , but it should have gone to me .
tr	I	That beauty drew a fair amount of tourists , and the foliage was beautiful this time of year .
tr	I	She never breathe a word about anything but he remember the pale look on her face when he visited her yesterday .
tr	O	接电话的那位年迈的墨西哥女士不会说英语，并且家里似乎没有其他人。
tr	I	Worry emerges on their faces as well and I croak out .
tr	I	He 'd made love to her , but he hadn 't just sexed her up , using her for relief .
tr	I	We welcome you , and we recognise our allies , our cousins .
tr	O	她不喜欢那个声音，但是她愿意冒险。
tr	I	She was gone and I got up .
tr	O	米拉对我发牢骚，但是当我寻求帮助时，她说她不懂生意，只懂烹饪。
tr	I	His chuckle came as a relief but I felt silly for saying that .
tr	O	尽管肖恩化解了局势，她毫不怀疑他宁愿痛揍布罗迪一顿，并且她喜欢这两种反应。
tr	I	He knew that Caleb had seen it in his face , and that was the thought that sent him over the edge .
tr	O	她张开嘴想谢谢他，但是他的手机响了。
tr	O	一个男人走近理查德，亮出记者证并自称是《BAM》杂志的记者，一本双周刊摇滚杂志。
tr	O	草地上的两个孩子中只有一个是女孩，并且她看起来是合适的年龄。
tr	O	我感到一双有力的手抓住我的背来稳住我，但是我消逝得太快了。
tr	O	双人份的晚餐摆在桌上，但是房间里没有人。
tr	O	凯莉盘腿坐着，仍然赤裸着身体，在一块折叠的毯子上，闭着眼睛，双手交叠放在腿上。
tr	I	It was still art , but sure it was commercial .
tr	O	他看到了所有描绘圣经故事的圣像，并且他能听到教堂的声音。
tr	O	她花在独处上的时间太多了，并且她严重依赖自己的判断。
tr	I	What was normal in this situation , but she was trying to behave normally ?
tr	I	She didn 't see anything except raw honesty , but Callie searched his face for signs of conceit .
tr	O	她的嘴唇颤抖着，但是没有声音从它们中发出。
tr	O	他的眼睛花了一秒钟才看到它，但是它就在那里，现在不可能错过。
tr	I	She remembered the nightmare she 'd had , but she didn 't usually remember her dreams .
tr	I	He also wanted to know where she 'd been all day , but he preferred this excuse .
tr	O	然后恐惧变成了愤怒，并且然后愤怒本身也化为屈服。
tr	O	艾比笑了，并且我们开始喝咖啡，以免它变成冰块。
tr	I	He 'd ended up walking out and Colt had just so happened to be in on that meeting .
tr	I	The words he spoke yanked her back to painful reality , but Kate 's hope soared at the sight of his brief smile .
tr	I	I saw her past and when I was showing her up to the guest room , she brushed by me .
tr	I	Yet depriving herself was driving her mad and knowing he was hers for the asking .
tr	O	她继续什么也没说，但是一些可怕的事情开始发生了。
tr	I	The music reminded Jamison of his promise to Maggie and a rockabilly band were starting their set on stage .
tr	I	He was nowhere near satisfied , but in moments he groaned his release .
tr	I	We became even stronger than before and they all came into our essence .
tr	O	他不记得掉过它，但是他显然掉了。
tr	I	James was right behind me , and I was on my feet .
tr	O	乐队由附近天主教学校的学生组成，并且他们都和西奥同年级。
tr	I	I 've never seen him happier , and he 's now writing full-time .
tr	O	我在圈画它时会畏缩，并且疼痛贯穿我的腿。
tr	I	Clay have been together and it 's been four years for me .
tr	I	In my memory , I saw his white hair , his unusual coloring , but I didn 't know it then .
tr	I	I struggle upwards , lugging Bran with me and my feet lurch .
tr	I	I silently cheered that my threat was getting to him , and there was a pained look on his face .
tr	O	我仍然不知道那是否是真的，但是那已经不重要了。
tr	I	I 'd thrown on a T-shirt that had definitely seen better days , and the dark circles under my eyes were turning into parabola .
tr	I	He couldn 't even remember when she 'd unbuttoned his shirt , and Air whispered across his chest .
tr	O	我转过身，并且他吻了我。
tr	O	他一时觉得这一切都很荒谬，本森是病人而他是医生。
tr	O	水坝终于快完工了，并且很快湖水就会开始注满。
tr	O	她的父母不让她找工作，并且她有一笔零花钱存入她的银行账户。
tr	I	It all had come undone so easily with just one mistake , and all my wishes had come true with this little gold band .
tr	O	我们的皮肤发着光，仿佛我们吞下了月亮，并且它从我们皮肤的每一寸透出来。
tr	O	我的目光转向了被称为银河的空间，并且那时我才首次注意到高度混乱的异常现象。
tr	O	她保持沉默，并且我努力抑制住想把她的脑浆溅得满墙都是的冲动。
tr	I	She 's asleep and I peek up at her .
tr	O	亚历克斯·布莱克很高兴见到斯蒂芬妮，并且那是相互的。
tr	O	作为一名女性，我永远不会真正自由，但是至少，在我生命中第一次，我终于感觉活着了。
tr	O	完全被烟雾覆盖了，不那么浓，但是烟雾弥漫在整个地方。
tr	O	她的呼吸变得平稳，并且我以为她睡着了。
tr	O	金姆的脸颊红了，但是我的爷爷只是笑了。
tr	O	他的嘴唇咧开一个酒窝状的笑容，并且令我恐惧的是，他擦去了我脸颊上的一滴残余泪水。
tr	I	Two of Walter 's men dropped back , wounded , and the bandits put up a fierce battle .
tr	O	他把一只手臂搭在我的肩膀上，并且自从他去世后就一直存在的那个巨大空洞被填满了。
tr	I	Harry unraveled the blankets and Laura started to fuss .
tr	I	I recognized Scott 's voice the minute he started talking , but the third message was from an unknown caller .
tr	O	我比许多人知道得多，但是有些事情连我也没有被告知。
tr	I	He tugged me even closer to him and his palms slapped down on my thighs .
tr	I	Sadly , all she 'd found were men who left her frigid in the feelings department , but she 'd dreamed of it .
tr	I	He stepped back , and his arms fell away from her .
tr	O	他开始收回武器，但是雅各布迅速开口了。
tr	I	I think they were arguing about something and the voices were getting louder .
tr	O	他瞥过她的肩膀，并且蕾娜的困惑加剧了。
tr	I	The ads on that page alone are raking in a small fortune , and already that video has almost a million hits .
tr	I	She had backed herself up to the wall , and she was dismayed when she realized there was less than three feet between them .
tr	O	朱尔斯无法把它弄下来，并且她不得不让我来。
tr	O	他找到了她，或者她找到了他。
tr	O	声音在圣所中回荡，并且马尾辫差点做了个后空翻。
tr	O	没有时间限制，但是如果你三次点错窃贼的名字，你的灵魂将永远被囚禁在董事会里。
tr	O	卡勒姆打断了他们短暂的谈话，并且吕西安的目光投向了他。
tr	O	我假装啤酒事件没有发生过，并且类似的事情也没有再发生过。
tr	I	I came back , but the appendicitis hit once I 'd already landed .
tr	O	我认为计划是让我们以一种方式做事，并且我们却走向了不同的方向。
tr	I	It takes everything you have to take care of me and I can barely get out of bed .
tr	O	塔拉大笑起来，并且他也加入了她。
tr	I	Her hand emerged the other side of it , and Leah felt its flesh rip .
tr	O	她的话语迟迟未出，并且她的眉头皱了起来，因为她试图将其弄明白。
tr	O	雇用了建筑工人，并且经过两周的工作，所有室内建筑改造都完成了。
tr	O	它没有散发出任何魔法，但是那随时都可能改变。
tr	I	He hadn 't been surprised , and two others had joined him .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to call her just to hear her voice .
tr	O	湿纸巾堆了起来，但是她已经足够镇定，意识到她的怒火失了分寸。
tr	O	最终出口远在前方，并且他迫切地想到达那里。
tr	I	My temper overrode my good sense and I overreacted to a stressful situation .
tr	O	三十岁时这似乎很正常，甚至有点浪漫，但是四十岁时它开始看起来像别的东西了。
tr	I	Kyra started the engine and they got in .
tr	I	My mom was the only one that hung around , but she had eight kids .
tr	O	几分钟后啤酒罐空了，并且巴克也睡着了。
tr	I	He staggered back , his pistol clattering to the floor , and the pain radiated out through his body .
tr	O	他还是吓到了她，并且那种恐惧压倒了她的欲望。
tr	O	这种宁静的雅致是拥挤的游戏室里受欢迎的休憩，但是正是玻璃墙外的绝美景色吸引了大多数客人。
tr	I	That is the first thing you should correct , and I am of the opinion that you should not have let Eva Roberts go .
tr	I	I snap my lips shut , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	O	机械狼后退了，并且机器人开始散开。
tr	O	他一开始看不清那个身影，但是当它映入眼帘时，他的心一沉。
tr	I	It was nevertheless more than adequate , but it was all a little utilitarian .
tr	I	We pull away and he puts the Cruiser in gear .
tr	O	米丝蒂忍不住觉得自己对祈祷是如此自私，并且失去亲人是她为自己罪孽所做的赎罪。
tr	I	No papers were lying on top of the polished surface , but there was a computer on the corner of the large , elegant desk .
tr	O	面包车司机似乎在后视镜里直视着她，但是因为他的眼镜，她无法完全确定。
tr	O	她怀疑地看着我，并且我没有责怪她。
tr	O	她挤压了一下，并且那个动作似乎将她的一些勇气传递给了吉米。
tr	I	They told me someone already had it but I was thinking about obtaining that piece of land .
tr	I	Her eyes burned with anger , and she had both daggers out .
tr	I	Little Vincente sometimes forgot , but ordinarily , they were very good about such things .
tr	I	It was not a good one , but the men had their own story .
tr	I	The water ever warm and it was rather very spacious .
tr	I	The room erupted into applause and suddenly the babies began to cry .
tr	O	你已经熬过了这么多，并且你将继续熬下去。
tr	I	She had not been alarmed , and he had walked past the doorway of the room in which Mrs. Armstrong was working .
tr	O	那会完成我的工作，并且派珀会在不知道我有多么混蛋的情况下死去。
tr	O	我想了一会儿，并且接着我才恍然大悟。
tr	I	It looks like she just got motion sickness , and Cassie 's in her first trimester of pregnancy .
tr	I	He kept on moving , but he shortened his stride .
tr	O	飞溅的鲜血使地板湿滑，并且一名女子在试图跑出门时重重摔倒。
tr	I	He moved with care just in case , but again there was no sign of an enemy .
tr	O	我们独自站在楼梯平台上，并且无人从我们身后爬上楼梯。
tr	O	那是她生命中最黑暗的一天，但是必须做。
tr	I	I do remember walking home , but I don 't remember leaving .
tr	O	她的脸颊上有一道细长的伤口，并且她的一只前臂上绑着绷带。
tr	O	我感谢上帝你和巴迪相爱了。
tr	I	Temperatures were still below zero , but we had been spared wind since the blizzard .
tr	I	Rain poured down in a drenching torrent and the SKY OPENED up .
tr	O	我肯定看起来像个灾难，但是赫菲斯托斯的注意力没有转移。
tr	O	也许他预料到了我的追问，但是这并没有阻止我提问。
tr	I	He didn 't argue , but a muscle twitched in Rodin 's jaw .
tr	I	Maybe it was , since obviously neither one was willing to make the first move , but Christie hated to think their relationship was over .
tr	O	他又一次盯着我，但是这次他似乎真的不自在。
tr	I	My eyes are used to the dark , but I can tell Dax is having problems riding .
tr	O	我的一部分想要他，并且我的一部分害怕他。
tr	O	焦虑袭来，并且我感到头晕。
tr	O	科尔问她的儿子，并且尽管他没有提高声音但很明显他不高兴。
tr	I	One I couldn 't answer honestly , but it was a simple enough question .
tr	I	Tabby didn 't write on the lines , but the paper was lined , college rule .
tr	O	她把车开进了我们那里的停车位，但是我们都没有动。
tr	I	We had a quick walk , and you already ate the cookies .
tr	I	Her eyes widened with a smile , and she saw me .
tr	O	过去一周她一直试图消化自己所陷入的恐怖，但是她的思绪却拒绝跟上。
tr	I	It was impossible to see what lay beyond them , because there was just total blackness , but all the doors were open .
tr	O	你从未停止属于我，并且你将永远属于我。
tr	O	她应该亲自归还戒指，但是她今天很害怕面对罗伊斯顿。
tr	O	我知道我的工作，并且我知道如何给你你所需要的。
tr	I	A huge grin appeared and Des re-joined them .
tr	I	The tone of it was more evil than happy , but Julian laughed .
tr	I	We seem to be doing well as a team , and it 's always good to have some company .
tr	I	Now I was paying the ultimate price and I had allowed sex to manipulate my mind .
tr	I	The sun was nowhere in sight and 19 2 The night was clear .
tr	I	I didn 't think for an instant that she 'd forgotten her mother and Julia was a responsible girl .
tr	I	He tensed up more , and I raised my hand .
tr	I	He tried to smile , and then his face cleared .
tr	O	我对凯莉来说不过是个雇工，并且很抱歉地说我任由自己的脾气失控了。
tr	I	He knew that would have to wait , but Eric craved Iona with his entire body .
tr	I	He loved me mom , and well I was me .
tr	O	达斯汀成长的时候我在场，但是我没有在他身边。
tr	I	She gave him a watery smile , and he laughed again .
tr	I	He was not deterred , but he stumbled into an end table nearly knocking a lamp to the floor .
tr	O	我知道这是错的，但是我无能为力。
tr	I	She toyed with her strand of pearls in an irritated manner , and one of Penelope 's delicate hands fluttered up to her neck .
tr	O	她一直坚持认为他的死一定是某种意外，并且钱一定只是放错了地方。
tr	I	I walked her to school every day and at the time Jessie was in the third grade .
tr	O	我给保镖看我的身份证，并且尽管我只有十九岁，他毫不犹豫地让我通过。
tr	I	His secrets scare me , but he 's hiding a lot of something that might be pain .
tr	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且有一瞬间我考虑过逃跑。
tr	I	I 'd have a hard time replacing you , but I hate to admit it .
tr	I	She 's settled again and I 'll go straight to bed after I 've fed her .
tr	O	世界陷入沉寂，并且我独自一人。
tr	O	他打开了冰箱门，并且她看到空空的架子时感到畏缩。
tr	I	I need proof , but I think he may be involved with our missing cattle .
tr	I	I knew that the trouble The Shade was experiencing was taking its toll on their marriage but we hadn 't spoken much .
tr	O	有一扇窗户，不是很大，但是我想有人可以从那里钻过去。
tr	I	He rarely walked anyone , but Ernie didn 't have a great fastball like Red .
tr	O	儿童保护凌驾于一切之上，并且我们正在努力寻找一个失踪的女孩。
tr	O	他抓住了我的手臂，但是我甩开了他，需要将全部注意力集中在咒语上。
tr	I	She started having a hard time keeping up and it seemed to her that they had been running for miles through the streets .
tr	I	It seemed to do the trick , but the handkerchief turned red almost immediately .
tr	O	她在七十岁时停了下来，她的金色头发现在遮住了眼睛，并且她的脸涨红了。
tr	I	I sound convincing , but another total lie .
tr	I	His was here , and her life was out east .
tr	O	我已经把我的东西打包好了，并且它们已经被装到我的马上了。
tr	I	He 'd nearly run her off the road , trying to initiate this private meeting , but he didn 't answer .
tr	I	The farther we go , the uglier it gets , and the compounds feel like they could stretch on forever .
tr	O	马奇在另一边低低地俯冲下来，并且它们在怪物向我抓来时齐声劈砍。
tr	O	她的声音变得越来越慢，越来越含糊，并且她滑倒在我身边的地上。
tr	I	You didn 't , or you either did .
tr	O	门太旧了，木板收缩了，留下了很大的缝隙，并且雪已经从破损的窗户吹进来了。
tr	I	He tilts my chin upward forcing me to meet his eyes , but I try looking to the floor .
tr	O	我们互相看了一眼，并且他走向一辆明亮的白色自行车，它停在我经常停车的汽车旁边。
tr	I	His round eyes glow a pale green , but his visage is indistinguishable beneath his hood .
tr	I	Amara heard voices , and he vanished into the chamber .
tr	I	It was a hand-me-down from her sister , who 'd mailed it as soon as Courtney told her about the date , but she had a dress .
tr	I	They have their instructions and he is surrounded by my household staff .
tr	I	His guys cross home plate and he 's not big on cleaning up unless it 's bases loaded .
tr	I	I for him , and he 's killed for me .
tr	O	他试图微笑，但是笑容却瓦解了。
tr	O	她不打算杀任何人，并且夏娃也不是。
tr	O	德里克真的考虑周全了一切，让这场婚礼成为一个真正的童话，并且她哑口无言。
tr	O	我知道你真的很喜欢他，但是会有很多其他人。
tr	I	He decided not to let it bother him , but his back still hurt .
tr	I	He turned around when he heard her approaching , but he was standing with his back to her .
tr	O	阿拉斯特什么也没说，但是我能感觉到他正旋转着向我靠近。
tr	O	我对贝贝不够了解，无法询问她的想法，但是这仍然很有趣。
tr	O	被束缚不是他的天性，但是只有一只手被绑住让他感到更大胆。
tr	I	Eve noted every one of Hell 's denizens , but mortals mingled with Infernal beings in blissful ignorance .
tr	O	没有尽头，并且没有光。
tr	I	I ended up falling onto the mattress and I was so close to the bed that my legs folded .
tr	O	他的声音似乎更粗糙了，并且让她不寒而栗。
tr	I	I should 've asked , and I didn 't know .
tr	O	她随后松开了手，并且我摔倒在地。
tr	O	每天晚上他都因为精疲力尽而早早睡觉，但是到两点他又会因为睡不着而醒来。
tr	I	His teeth were clenched as if he were in the grip of intolerable pain , and tears of anguish streamed openly from his eyes .
tr	I	My stomach flips over and he winks at me .
tr	I	Her inner walls clenched for him and his hand stilled .
tr	O	颤抖的双手举起了杯子，并且她吸入了苦涩的饮品。
tr	O	现在它巨大的下颚大张着，并且它猛击炼金术士的头。
tr	O	我看着他的眼睛，并且我意识到它们看起来湿润的。
tr	O	我至今仍感到心里的异样，并且他的飞机坠毁至今已两年多了。
tr	O	人群开始散去，幸好，并且我只想离开。
tr	I	The letters across the front of it were blue and the orb was gold .
tr	I	Then she considered it some more , and Blue considered what he had said .
tr	I	She 's a modern day statue , and her clothes cling to her form .
tr	I	I gave it a whirl just to see if it worked , but it didn 't sound like anything I had ever heard of before .
tr	O	我试着不理他，并且然后他在健身房里假装揩我的油。
tr	I	He had Henry 's dark hair , but he may have had my eyes .
tr	I	At least he had not been alone , but it had been hell before .
tr	O	甚至我的呼吸停止了，并且我的心完全停止了跳动。
tr	I	Cecilia planned to make full use of every one of them and Ian had three days of shore leave .
tr	O	大部分情况下，她不想让他们担心，但是她也知道他们不会理解。
tr	O	他们只见过两次面，而且那是在一家咖啡店里。
tr	I	Two police talked with LNA soldiers standing at the border while the other police stepped across the border to speak with motorists and they got out .
tr	O	他脸上的表情却另有所指，而且这绝不是一次偶然的会面。
tr	O	我的父母感到震惊，但是大卫的表情更多是惊愕。
tr	O	我坐在一张干净的毯子上，而且我的裙子丝毫未受丛林的触碰。
tr	O	他有着经验丰富的杀手眼神，而且他的脸在他审视他们时毫无生气。
tr	O	他的声音几乎微不可闻，而且他的眼睛紧盯着火焰。
tr	O	他们进行了眼神交流，但是西奥立刻移开了视线。
tr	O	她可能永远无法真正了解他，然而他却永远被她烙印。
tr	I	She knew his attention was not solely focused upon her anymore , but he continued to hold her tight .
tr	O	这是真的，并且他知道这一点。
tr	O	也许我对他的评价过于严苛，但是他在我看来很软弱。
tr	I	She couldn 't do it , but she really wanted to read it .
tr	I	She didn 't have to , and then her phone rang .
tr	I	His hair flopped in front of his face and he looked down .
tr	I	Josie found the exercise to be extraordinarily clear headed for someone so young , but her permutations were flawed .
tr	O	他们说大脑是最大的性器官，并且我相信这一点。
tr	I	She thought she saw someone coming and the horizon wavered at one end of the road .
tr	O	我从一开始就试图找到她，但是沃伦区太容易消失了。
tr	I	The act of chivalry was still charming , but she wasn 't sure how she felt about him yet .
tr	I	The Pacific Ocean spread out before them , and before she could adequately respond to this blatant provocation , the carriage swept around a sharp curve .
tr	O	卡梅伦等待着，拳头蓄势待发，等着贝拉米再次冲向他，但是贝拉米踉跄了一下。
tr	I	She flinched away from him , but dropping to his knees , he reached out to touch her .
tr	I	In the hope it would clarify his own thoughts at the moment , but he added , certainly not to dissuade her .
tr	I	His jaw trembled , and Shay spoke through clenched teeth .
tr	I	He was already in danger of losing his target , and he had only been on the ground an hour .
tr	I	We left the hospital and Robin rescued my glasses .
tr	O	他的身体是完美的，并且她的身体完全受损了。
tr	I	I requested the deep tissue , and Jen went through all of the techniques she offered .
tr	O	我的声音触及他敏感部位的震动使他疯狂，并且他差点就当场高潮了。
tr	I	It made sense , but I was surprised .
tr	O	我不会假装认识那个男孩，但是他与母亲的羁绊一直很明确。
tr	O	我对他是谁有个相当清楚的想法，但是 我需要查出他住在哪里。
tr	I	She took it surprisingly well , and I explained it to her .
tr	I	To compensate he spent a fortune on clothes , and Rupert knew that he looked a little odd .
tr	O	她想摆脱这段关系，彻底摆脱，而且 住在同一个城市让这变得很困难。
tr	I	I know that God doesn 't want to hear from monsters , but I would pray .
tr	O	我猛地推开窗户玻璃，并且 冷空气涌进了房间。
tr	I	Put on her casual clothes and * * * Soraya cleaned the thick makeup off her face .
tr	I	His shirt was torn by a single hole , and Jacob 's stomach was bloody .
tr	I	She searched the freezer for anything to toss in the microwave oven and the cupboards were almost as barren .
tr	I	Being around me would clearly not be safe , and I wanted her safe .
tr	I	Clearly you do not either and I do not fear death .
tr	I	For many modern people even the wish is difficult ; but those who really wish for help will get it .
tr	I	He weakens , and turn the king 's nobles against the king .
tr	I	The night would fade , and there was work to do .
tr	O	她对Lady Gaga的糟糕演绎简直是场噩梦，但是 那只是我喜欢的另一件事。
tr	I	I can 't bring myself to go that far , but I know that a lot of girls at college go completely bare .
tr	I	A circle is perfect and Everything is a circle .
tr	I	The shaking grew worse , but she wrapped her arms around herself .
tr	O	是的，他确实非常有魅力，但是 我也渴望被爱。
tr	I	Suddenly I was being jerked up and he let out a low growl .
tr	I	It was especially accepted when they were too old to work and White people were just not prosecuted for murdering blacks .
tr	I	John rubbed her back , and Brooke kissed Emily 's cheek .
tr	O	当我们到达酒店时，我伸手去拿电话要打给Laci，并且 我的光盘滑了出来。
tr	I	She knew it and she was panicking .
tr	I	In less time than it took for me to haul myself out of my chair , she was sobbing , and Calliope 's face crumpled .
tr	I	She had her hands thrust into her pockets , and she didn 't carry a purse .
tr	I	He noticed Adela 's door was now slightly ajar , and when he entered the hallway , he heard humming .
tr	I	Jacob had decided to turn stubborn , and she had to get into Tacoma , fast .
tr	I	She just laughs at me , but I give Kyla a pleading look .
tr	O	只看了一眼，并且 他就做到了。
tr	I	I can 't speak for a moment because I know I 'll start to cry if I do and I give her a hug .
tr	I	His computer screen flashed red and Dryden 's phone buzzed .
tr	O	他把手放在我的手臂上，并且 我甩开了，气得说不出话来。
tr	I	Somebody who made such a blunder could no longer work for the department , but Noone disproved this lie .
tr	I	There was still something wrong with my eyes , but eventually , the wheezes became more like gasps .
tr	O	我可以从中心向任意方向自由移动60英尺，但是仅此而已。
tr	I	Vlad was well worth the fight , and I 'd faced longer odds before .
tr	O	他跳入水中，并且当他游走时，一条尾巴在他身后从水中甩出，就在他消失在波浪之下前。
tr	I	They broke up a year ago , but he 'd been engaged once .
tr	I	Now it was exhilarating , and she had hated that name so much .
tr	I	I didn 't ask to carry the weight of an entire race on my shoulders , but maybe I was just being a drama queen .
tr	O	乌鸦说话轻柔，但是那里的紧迫感要求我们注意。
tr	I	She knew it , and he challenged her .
tr	O	她正在做饭，在炉子上搅动着一个锅，并且我可以看到烤箱开着。
tr	I	I guess I 've lost some weight since the last time I took them and I took two pills instead of one .
tr	I	He invested his whole life in it , and my father loved that restaurant .
tr	O	他很高兴，并且这就是她想要的。
tr	I	His strategy had nothing to do with the fact that he actually liked Paige , and he didn 't do sentimental .
tr	O	房间里的每个人都咯咯地笑了，并且气氛轻松了一些。
tr	I	A short trim man in his late twenties regarded me with solemn blue eyes and a few seconds later the door swung open .
tr	I	It looked as if Golden was still off his feet and the mountain lion had gone .
tr	I	My tongue darted out to wet my lips , and I struggled to pull a breath into the well of my lungs .
tr	O	我不知道那个表情是什么意思，但是它让我想要融化到他身边。
tr	I	The lights seemed to dim oppressively and the air became heavier .
tr	I	Many die , and one heart stops .
tr	I	Gentlemen second , and Real Englishmen are British first .
tr	I	My feet settled onto the vinyl at his back and he wrapped my legs around his waist .
tr	I	Ten minutes later he 'd still received no response , but again , he texted her .
tr	O	这不太可能，但是这是可能的。
tr	O	我完全有理由感到被侵犯，但是 我没有。
tr	I	He kept the horses back from the tide and the ocean was choppy thanks to the incoming weather system .
tr	I	The stone looked older behind it , and half the wall had tumbled down , here .
tr	I	A deep , vibrating hum echoed through her , and his fingers closed around hers .
tr	I	Hands resting upon his thighs and justus sat , legs apart .
tr	O	我的膝盖撞到了边缘，并且 我跌坐了下去。
tr	O	他的没刮胡子的脸上渗出了汗珠，并且 他用手指梳理着他短短的灰发。
tr	O	他小时候在保留地接受过训练，并且 当谈到打猎时，他做得很好。
tr	I	It wasn 't deer season , so she couldn 't flag down a hunter but to her right there were woods .
tr	O	至少我不再撞到所有东西了，并且 我不会被自己的脚绊倒了。
tr	I	It wasn 't the kind of question that asked for a positive response , but he asked .
tr	I	You refuse to drop it , but I told you it 's dangerous .
tr	O	打印件很好地缩小了可能性范围，并且 正如所料，没有一个叫德莫特的。
tr	O	飞机一小时前降落了，并且 他顺道去了家换上了一些律师会穿的衣服。
tr	O	哈丽特试图表现出震惊的样子，但是 随后她忍不住笑了。
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I knew I was acting foolishly .
tr	I	There was a hard bite to his voice , but Mikhail extended a welcoming hand to the priest .
tr	O	他打开了现在空的舱门，滑了进去，并且它在他上方关闭了，将他密封在里面。
tr	I	I 'm going to be predictable today , but um , I hate to admit it .
tr	O	獠牙已在他的口中炸裂，并且要求杀戮的红色迷雾正带着暴力、杀戮的意图向上喷涌。
tr	O	我不记得上次看蓝调乐队是什么时候了，而且这个乐队棒极了。
tr	O	萨宾伸直了手指，并且它们擦到了刀尖。
tr	I	I can 't answer her , but I 'm gasping for air .
tr	I	Everything was going wrong and I was completely numb .
tr	O	他们所循的道路是模糊的，但是它终究会将他们带到我们道路所引向的同一个地方。
tr	I	It was even worse than the rumors , and she 'd visited a few times .
tr	I	There wasn 't any ... chemistry , but she liked them .
tr	O	最终我们驾车来到了一座宏伟的建筑，并且当司机宣布我们已经到达酒店时，我很惊讶。
tr	I	He nailed it but I was a little worried that he was in a little over his head .
tr	I	It looked amazing hanging around his neck , and he put the necklace on .
tr	I	Retirement seemed like a lifetime ago , and Rest , I knew , was for the living .
tr	I	They all fell to the floor and she doubled over , grasped her belly .
tr	O	我试着飞，但是它没有成功。
tr	O	他不算特别英俊，但是他身上有一种特殊的气质，令人着迷。
tr	O	他把纸箱递给我，并且我又摇了摇头。
tr	O	她朝洞里喊道，并且所有人都跌跌撞撞地跑了出来，满口称谢。
tr	O	他们可能会全军覆没，但是他们绝不会屈服。
tr	I	I couldn 't give her this but she started to shake her head .
tr	O	她有一头及肩的棕色头发，并且她的眼睛是黄色的——金黄色的。
tr	O	我看着她的胸口颤抖着停了下来，并且我知道她再也不会睁开眼睛了。
tr	O	她想不起来了，并且她想到自己可能没想起来，就浑身发抖。
tr	O	我鼓励阿利克斯加入，并且她一离开商店，我接着就在想我是否做了正确的事情。
tr	I	He puts his arm over my shoulders , and I go to stand next to him .
tr	I	It 's hardly the truth when measured against his original intentions , but it 's the truth when measured against the question .
tr	O	我无法阻止自己的脸颊变得通红，并且我半转过脸去，希望他没有注意到。
tr	I	Then he began , his long fingers dancing across the keyboard , and it took Artie a second to recover from Ann 's kiss .
tr	O	她的脸涨红了，并且她把手提包的提手往肩上提了提。
tr	O	他的手指掐住了我的乳头，并且我把双腿夹紧了。
tr	O	他的鼻子摔得很厉害，而且他的半数肋骨肯定也断了。
tr	O	我不太确定，珍心心想，但是这和她没什么关系。
tr	I	His bones began to knit together but the days passed slowly , especially when Jane was not on duty .
tr	I	Another finished blanket was added to her arms and On Evelyn went to the next table .
tr	I	She feels a blanket and her coat goes off .
tr	I	I gave up on having a relationship and it didn 't end well .
tr	O	我当时扯着嗓子大喊，并且突然我听到身后传来一个老师的声音。
tr	I	I smile at her and she whispered to me .
tr	I	I stumble into the bathtub , slipping on the bottom and the movement sends me forward .
tr	O	她的睫毛垂了下来，并且她顺从了他的命令。
tr	I	Aly spun around in my arms , and Christopher wandered off behind her .
tr	O	阿德尔的梳妆台已经被清空了，而且他的衣服看起来像被高跟鞋踩过一样。
tr	I	The plateau looked like an endless desert over which a great bucket of green paint had been spilled , and the countless rice crops lay ahead .
tr	O	我照镜子，并且迪克兰的名字在我脑海中闪过，那是我的潜意识植入的。
tr	O	当他说话时，箱子被打开了，并且里面的东西被扔向人群。
tr	O	有些时候女人会说话，而且男人唯一能做的就是闭嘴。
tr	O	他的舌头轻轻地越过她的嘴唇进入她的口中，并且他的手臂收紧了环抱着她。
tr	O	他的语气显示出完全的漠不关心，但是我知道得更清楚。
tr	O	他伸出手，但是她动弹不得。
tr	I	Half the pack turns toward Serena 's tree and more wolves join in with their own growl .
tr	I	Considering Lea 's strength , Valeria came out with more damage , but normally , both fighters would feel the same amount of damage .
tr	I	Julie knew instinctively that this was their best chance , and Somewhere to the east was Sam Houston 's army .
tr	O	这群人把大部分的皮毛留在了门房，萨奇可以在那里看守它们，而且埃琳娜甚至没有备用衣服。
tr	O	他松手了，并且我们分开了。
tr	I	I have no gun , and I can 't fight .
tr	O	房间里现在充满了蒸汽，而且当她看向镜子时，她意识到那个笑脸不见了。
tr	I	Nobody could do anything about it , and she was dead .
tr	O	我们的目光瞬间交汇，并且当一滴眼泪落下时，我并不感到尴尬。
tr	O	这不容易，并且也不是一蹴而就的。
tr	O	我以前从未和母亲争吵过，并且我的心因为现在这样做而剧烈跳动着。
tr	I	She 'd never looked so beautiful , but her grandmother was a healthy woman .
tr	I	Joni looked up and the man spoke again .
tr	O	我正在猜测，但是我在追寻真相的路上。
tr	I	She had missed excitement in her life for the past few years and he was exciting .
tr	O	他眼中的痛苦呼应了他的话语，并且她胸中的结也收紧了。
tr	I	She jumped , this time sending the lamp crashing to the floor and the doorbell to Rena 's house rang .
tr	I	I wish he 'd just get to it , and he 's clearly building to some criminal crescendo .
tr	O	蒂芙尼女王从椅子上叹了口气，并且他瞥了她一眼，看到她正朝着信使点头。
tr	I	I wasn 't cold , but my teeth were chattering .
tr	I	She knew how fast they would be , yet her only hope was to outrun them .
tr	I	They 're people you can trust , and they must be able to help .
tr	I	She had two voicemails on her permanent phone , but there was nothing on the burner phone .
tr	I	His reasoning had never been more accurate , but it had been almost three years since James Carruthers had given him the bottle .
tr	I	I wanted to taste him , and he was right there , masculine , hot , sexy , so incredibly sexy .
tr	O	他把我抱在怀里，并且我紧紧依偎着他。
tr	O	我正在拼命为我的立场辩解，并且我看得出来谢伊不相信。
tr	I	It 's nice to think it , but I don 't actually think that 's going to happen .
tr	O	嗯，我毫无防备，并且我快哭了。
tr	I	His nerves were starting to fray , and he 'd been doing that every five minutes for about the last twelve hours .
tr	O	三明治已经吃了一半，但是丹尼尔决定离开时，甚至连剩下的都不想留。
tr	O	我回头看了一眼，但是沃恩早已走了。
tr	O	施滕格举起了双手，但是他笑了。
tr	I	He wanted to be safe , but the glue was supposed to work instantly .
tr	O	她给我展现了不一样的她，并且我明白了当初是什么吸引了罗斯。
tr	I	His mouth formed an O and the vicar 's eyes widened .
tr	O	她想起丹恩说过会为她祈祷，并且她似乎能听到他的声音。
tr	I	He drank and his teeth pierced her again .
tr	I	My hands constricted on Aly 's face , and my heart thundered .
tr	O	引擎启动了，并且这运动令人疼痛。
tr	O	是寒冷让我清醒过来，并且这花了几分钟。
tr	I	I let him and he moved closer .
tr	I	His mouth tightened in anguish and Cain 's eyes slid shut .
tr	O	他真是个好人，而且我一团糟。
tr	I	At least he was conscious , but the color in his face was still horrible .
tr	I	She could stand on her own , but her legs were still mush .
tr	O	我的第一反应是拒绝，但是后来我改变了主意。
tr	I	I wouldn 't get sick and oh well , at least there wasn 't any spit this time .
tr	I	I can see every muscle in Kim 's body tense and Ray shows her badge .
tr	I	After a while I asked him to interpret the scene for me , and I tried to figure out what I was seeing .
tr	O	康妮点头同意，津津有味地吃着她的第二份甜点，但是麦克不相信他还能再吃一口。
tr	I	The glass slippers were the most important part , and Cinderella was my favorite movie at the time .
tr	I	I came over to listen and I heard talking .
tr	O	我本想警告你我的某些客人，但是既然你都来了西尔维娅·黛——《坏男孩，嗨！》
tr	O	普茜给了她一个脱身的机会，而且她甚至没有抓住。
tr	I	She liked being there and I liked her in there .
tr	I	He finally understood after reading the caption under the picture but it took him a moment .
tr	I	An involuntary moan rose in my throat and he was on his feet in a single , fluid movement .
tr	O	我在颤抖，而且我在倾听。
tr	O	既然灯都关了，我觉得升起百叶窗是安全的，而且我用力把窗户推开，让新鲜空气进来。
tr	I	Her glasses were low on her nose and she had dark circles under her eyes .
tr	O	她总是把它归结为诡异的巧合，但是这是真的。
tr	I	Calliope 's eyes never left mine , and I stood .
tr	O	当我们在吃零食时，冰球掉了下来，并且我们立刻发现自己对着裁判大喊大叫，因为他们明显漏判了。
tr	I	Certainty and * * * Haidar shook with the enormity of the averted catastrophe , of witnessing Roxanne 's bliss .
tr	I	I admired it appropriately , and Alcide pointed out the golden figure on the dome of the new capitol .
tr	I	It didn 't change the fact that it had been evil , but now she understood his intention had been to make her run .
tr	O	整个村庄似乎都醒了，并且火灾已经爆发了。
tr	I	I heard a shy snigger and Lucas snuggled in beside me .
tr	O	她不想谈论那个夜晚，并且我对此没意见。
tr	I	Cameron let the wad of money dangle from his fingers , and he held out the letters again .
tr	I	He was already getting on my nerves and I didn 't even know the man .
tr	I	Unlike most , you didn 't take breaks after every capture , but as far as I knew , you were a bounty hunter .
tr	I	I was no exception and everyone outgrows their parents .
tr	I	Now he reaches to my back , feeling around for a zipper , but he 's been holding still , just watching me look at him .
tr	I	She couldn 't exert herself like that in this atmosphere , but Beth was in good shape .
tr	O	海外部队是一个热门话题，并且皮特完全赞成把他们全部带回家。
tr	O	这个家庭多年来一直深陷谎言之网，并且除非一切真相大白，否则他们谁都不会有安宁。
tr	O	有一个裸体女孩在我脚下，但是他看她的眼神并不像他看我的眼神。
tr	O	这是一种小小的勇敢，并且我为此尊敬他。
tr	O	他只是抓住了奎因以引起他的注意，并且他一达到目的就松开了手。
tr	I	I could keep Casey safe in the process , and two days to make sure everything checked out .
tr	O	她低下头，但是她没有哭。
tr	O	她试图弯曲她的腿，但是它仍然很痛。
tr	I	It fell forward , groaning and his machete sliced the zombie 's leg .
tr	O	他打开了门，并且我跑向他。
tr	I	There she was and a bulk of seniors emerged .
tr	O	他把我转过来，在水中引起涟漪，并且然后他的嘴就贴上了我的。
tr	I	We started walking down halls like we owned the place and Mouse sniffed the air .
tr	I	I generally don 't give a shit about people , and Beth 's been the only girl to mean something to me .
tr	I	The music took over and all serious discussion ceased .
tr	I	His hand merely skimmed her bare back , but he reached out .
tr	O	他的表情看起来如此真诚，并且如果我是一个较弱的女人，我就会因他对我感情的强烈而融化。
tr	I	Her eyes looked white in the gloom and she turned .
tr	I	I think she always believed that they 'd be together , but I don 't think it was ever love .
tr	I	She was physically sick and she felt unwell .
tr	I	You don 't have a heartbeat and you are faster than every car .
tr	O	我试图回应，但是我不能确定我是否正在说出真正的词语。
tr	I	I didn 't do it or my stuff was shot tastefully .
tr	O	他的脚酸痛，并且他的膝盖剧痛。
tr	O	我们仍在往上走，并且我已经开始酸痛了。
tr	O	他只需要退后一步，并且现在他终于明白了。
tr	O	我的马想跟上，但是王子抓住了缰绳，猛地将其勒停。
tr	O	萨宾娜吓了一跳，并且她的头猛地转向我们。
tr	O	我觉得她特别漂亮，但是也许我只是带有偏见。
tr	I	The Joe was gone , but great coffee pot , mug ready , ready for coffee .
tr	O	接下来是我的裤子，并且我穿上了包里带的另一条短裤。
tr	O	他的头猛地转过来，并且他看见了那个戴帽子的男孩把他拖下去。
tr	O	他把我猛地拉向他的嘴，并且我们的嘴唇撞在了一起。
tr	O	记住这个，并且我不用别人告诉我，就知道这个秘密。
tr	O	球被抛了，并且僧侣们接住了它。
tr	I	I saw her eyes begin to change , and she stood up .
tr	I	He walks with the determined expression of those who move the world and for sure his hair is white .
tr	O	布雷迪仍然朝我瞟了几眼，但是他更多的是好奇而不是生气。
tr	O	辛恩不见踪影，但是考虑到已经是午夜，她可能已经在床上睡觉了。
tr	O	她的脚陷入了随机的雪泥坑里，但是她却继续奔跑。
tr	I	Wearing a camouflage Army uniform , and he was now cleaned up .
tr	I	He had a vital role to play in furthering the cause and it was coming .
tr	I	I keep hearing amazing things , but it might just be hype .
tr	I	These succubi who produce such things are like mercury , but Pete has gone after a few people .
tr	O	她因感官触碰而发出的愉悦的轻柔呻吟，让他收紧了对她的拥抱，并且他的嘴唇更深地压向她的。
tr	I	Maddox held up one bruised palm , but Lucien opened his mouth to respond .
tr	O	有些事情从一开始就让我困惑不解，并且现在似乎是问霍利斯关于这件事的最佳时机。
tr	O	我们最终落在了他们后面，并且卢克的脑子在转，当他盯着那个最高个子的屁股时。
tr	O	她怀疑他是否听到了她的话，但是她在这里的行动就足以传达信息了。
tr	I	Phillip will be in the west wing , and it 's on some small road .
tr	O	他的脸沉了下来，并且他坐下了。
tr	I	He stayed in , and I got out .
tr	O	脚步声响起，哗啦啦地传入圆形大厅，并且我们都紧张起来。
tr	O	你知道斯坦和我都很开心。
tr	O	当他站直时，那些小点已经不在了，并且玛丽·安确信她只是想象出来的。
tr	I	It was not a reflection of anything around us , but it looked like a reflection of something .
tr	I	I caught an amber glow from the central part of the house , but there was little light inside .
tr	O	我们穿过主入口，并且我确保始终将夏洛特保持在我的视线内。
tr	I	The Prince dodged just fast enough to feel the air from one of the girl 's daggers ruffle his hair , and sound .
tr	O	普雷维特爱我，但是他不能碰我，由于特里格。
tr	O	他的家人在六年前被毁了，并且尽管他们做做样子，伤痛从未真正愈合。
tr	I	In its place was a gash , and the steel post that had been there was gone .
tr	I	It was more comfortable to simply stand , but she had tried sitting on the couch .
tr	I	The breeze was cool , but the sun was hot .
tr	O	就他们而言，事情已经办妥了，并且是时候回家了。
tr	I	At least he said something really funny , but he hasn 't said anything positive yet !
tr	O	我们接下来要点餐了，并且我请大家吃了午饭。
tr	I	She slept and Night fell .
tr	O	警卫被叫了过来，强硬的手按住了他，把他按下去，稳住他。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且他的嘴唇撇成了怒容。
tr	I	It was still good to complete the list without seeing any of their names , but she hadn 't expected them to be .
tr	O	它很虚弱，但是它在那里。
tr	O	她试着轻轻地咳了一下，但是玛丽莲阿姨咯咯笑了。
tr	I	It would get easier , but it was easier said than done .
tr	O	这是林克第一次仔细看她，而且他发现她比他想象的还要美丽。
tr	O	泰把裤子拿进了屋里，当我终于进去的时候，萨凡纳已经在浴室里换衣服了。
tr	I	The highway coiled , giving them a chance to brace themselves and he pushed the handlebars forward .
tr	O	本森的头猛地向后仰，并且我希望它没有。
tr	I	The tears are already here and my hands are shaking .
tr	I	It was Ink who 'd appeared in Colorado , but Horse had taken Shady 's spot as gang leader .
tr	I	They both went to bed and Charlie checked the doors .
tr	O	她是鹌鹑山高中最漂亮的女孩之一，但是对我来说，她的吸引力并非主要在于她的外貌。
tr	O	她的朋友对诺兰的看法从来不高，并且玛丽安不得不强忍住为他辩护的冲动。
tr	O	她寻找调音钥匙，但是它却无处可寻。
tr	O	到大陆只有十二英里，但是进展却慢得令人痛苦。
tr	O	加利福尼亚的水可能看起来很诱人，但是它冷得要命。
tr	O	一声笑声传到我耳边，并且我僵住了。
tr	I	Hearing her name jolted me but I had been expecting this question .
tr	O	他们看到了，并且场面几乎失控了。
tr	O	她尝到了他唇上自己那咸涩的泪水，并且他用自己的唇，小心翼翼地，温柔地，吻开了她的嘴。
tr	I	The gray-haired cop didn 't seem to buy it , but I fed him the same story .
tr	O	脚下的木头闪耀着像新铸金币般的光泽，并且清漆的刺鼻气味弥漫在空气中。
tr	I	Now she did , but Baby Samson had given her a taste of something she 'd never thought she 'd want .
tr	I	I counted on that paranoia to keep me breathing , and I wasn 't sure whom I could trust here .
tr	O	此刻她已焦急不安，她的手紧紧抓住他的脸，并且他的眼睛从她不断变化的头发移向她。
tr	I	For a few minutes I considered letting him do more , and his hands lingered .
tr	O	承认这个缺点令人失望，但是那是事实。
tr	O	船再次摇晃起来，并且芬坦感到胃里一阵翻腾。
tr	O	我们互相怒目而视，并且我的呼吸变得有些急促。
tr	O	这很奇怪，但是当你在人身上喷洒除草剂时，他们会打电话到我叔叔的办公室投诉。
tr	O	他没有为他们制定计划，并且也没有时间制定任何计划，一旦他们开始工作。
tr	I	It didn 't matter , and somehow she had lost the ability to breathe .
tr	I	She stumbled back , falling onto her rear and Pain blazed across the wound .
tr	O	她动着嘴唇，仿佛在低语，但是她的声音却大到所有人都听见了她。
tr	O	他几乎无法控制自己的牙齿，并且血液的气味是持续的折磨。
tr	O	那个幻象非常强烈，并且它吓到我了。
tr	O	海雯开始回答，从盘子前抬起头，但是当她的目光越过加文时，她的话语渐渐消逝。
tr	O	在故事中，阿南西是一只蜘蛛，但是他也是一个人。
tr	O	与此同时，哈丁完全沉默，并且丹尼斯在心里向一阵雷鸣般的想象掌声鞠躬。
tr	O	他转身背对我，但是我对着他的背影大喊。
tr	O	科林没有联系我，并且我没有时间做我想做的研究。
tr	O	并非与众不同是坏事，但是丹那种与众不同绝对是。
tr	O	世界各地发生了许多恐怖主义活动，并且我们正在努力打击这种行为。
tr	O	我不爱她，但是我确实有点喜欢她。
tr	O	她只是想让他兴奋起来，让他感受快乐，但是她不希望他高潮，还没到时候。
tr	O	他把书从他们怀里夺走，并且他们追赶他。
tr	O	当潘目睹那个男人的拳头映入眼帘时，突然刮过一阵风……，并且他的世界被吸入黑暗。
tr	I	I doubted he 'd be as gentle as last time , and he 'd probably have a punishment prepared .
tr	I	I didn 't want anyone to think I was dissing her because she was giving my boyfriend rides , and she was part of this heat too .
tr	O	别担心，我不是一个坏天使，并且我不会伤害你。
tr	I	I barely kept my heart from exploding while trying my best to keep breathing , and a rush of blood colored my face .
tr	I	I had broken up , although Mia had made efforts to remain friends and I had lost touch with both of them after Jackson .
tr	I	I knew the way , but there was no trail .
tr	I	It hurt so I laid it back down and I lifted my arm so he could see .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready for it yet and it felt like a turning point .
tr	I	There was no humor in the smile , but his mouth kicked up at one corner .
tr	I	We might have to get it out quickly , or it may be better to treat the trauma if there is no immediate risk of deterioration .
tr	I	I don 't know if I believe anymore and it didn 't .
tr	I	It was ready to go again and Luckily Bryce had fixed my gun .
tr	I	He simply unhooked the rusted latch and there was no lock on it .
tr	I	It was the material of nightmare , not fantasy , and he 'd seen that last with his own eyes .
tr	I	Now I may never be able to speak to him again and I 'd missed out on a year of conversations with him .
tr	O	多年来，他的意见一直无关紧要，但是现在却有了分量。
tr	O	他的气味留在紧贴我脸颊的床单上，并且我的身体随之颤栗。
tr	O	我吸了一口气，但是那口气没有进去。
tr	I	At this point she looked like she had been run over by a bus and Matt was meeting her family tonight .
tr	I	An unfamiliar man walks in , wearing a white lab coat and I am startled when the door bursts open .
tr	O	他笑了，并且她从中获得的安慰微乎其微。
tr	I	There was nowhere for her to go , nowhere to hide , but she scooted away from him .
tr	O	当我停下车时，杰森转过头看着我，并且即使在昏暗的光线下我也看到了他眼神的变化。
tr	O	也许妈妈会回来，并且我们能找到别的地方住，就我们俩。
tr	O	他的目光集中在电视上，但是他大部分的注意力都在她身上。
tr	I	I couldn 't be happier and my wife was clinging to me .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to stand for it and he was playing me .
tr	O	她不确定，但是他眼中的神情令人毛骨悚然。
tr	O	一股寒意慢慢爬上我的脊椎，并且我不得不抑制住颤抖。
tr	I	I felt the guilt for making her worry and I was enveloped in her patchouli scented arms .
tr	O	他那白痴后代的母亲会抱怨，但是她得克服它。
tr	O	他完成了任务，但是有人发现是他。
tr	I	She pressed on , but she was so weak she could hardly stand .
tr	O	她的经历似乎只是一个糟糕的故事，并且乔纳斯只是童话故事里的一只大灰狼。
tr	I	She hated his wife , but he loved his sister .
tr	O	表现得随意很困难，但是她必须这样做。
tr	I	They were not aggressive in any way , but the guards were looking at her nervously .
tr	I	Moving around for the first time and Aran was so happy to see her up .
tr	O	她需要全神贯注才能记住起飞前所有的飞行检查，但是教练指导了她。
tr	I	Her ice blue eyes were focused on one point : the woods and her dark brown hair , almost black was sprinkled with tiny snowflakes .
tr	I	His expression was petulant , and Damon was looking down at Bonnie on the altar .
tr	I	Someone pulled the hood off of his head instead , but Thomas Pepper thought that they might kill him them .
tr	O	无形的力量将长老拉入了男孩的狂热之中，并且两人开始沿着狭窄的小路跑上去。
tr	O	只是火焰不发热，并且兰德总有一天会再次杀死这个人。
tr	I	Mom came closer , holding Renee out toward me and Micah trotted off .
tr	O	她对这个揭露感到有些悲伤，并且我有一种沉重的预感，我知道为什么。
tr	I	Rivers of rain ran down her cheeks , and in an instant her hair was drenched .
tr	O	我想再次哭泣，但是那会表现出软弱。
tr	O	他的头发微湿，并且他正拿着一条毛巾。
tr	O	她站了起来，并且当她这样做的时候，麦克握住了她空着的那只手。
tr	I	Most of his weight was pinning her to the couch and she was flat on her back .
tr	O	这非常不寻常，并且这让我很快就紧张起来。
tr	O	他很少知道自己要说什么，并且然后它就突然出现了。
tr	O	尽管我很害怕，但在需要的时候，我勇敢地行动了，但是我不是一个战士。
tr	I	I shivered , and he skimmed his hands along my bare arms , shoulder to wrist .
tr	I	His cotton undershirt was soaked and Sweat dripped from his nose .
tr	O	索耶的眼睛睁大了，但是还没等她对此说些什么，就被身后传来的声音打断了。
tr	O	你人真好，并且你竟然想和我一起出去玩，这是一个很大的优点。
tr	I	Tavi did , but the cold made it hard to speak .
tr	O	她环顾四周，但是没有办法出去，除非非常靠近他们其中一人。
tr	I	There wasn 't a chance to ask to whom he was referring , and I didn 't understand his final words .
tr	O	任务被取消了，并且两人都险些丧命。
tr	I	Abe lost his balance and the garbage can wobbled .
tr	O	我没有，但是他还没等我争辩就挂断了电话。
tr	I	Two other movies had been made from my books , so I was used to it by now , but it was good news of course .
tr	I	He kept his cool , but this irked the Nigerian .
tr	O	蕾妮再次向他伸出手，但是灯光正上方她不能过去。
tr	I	In a bunch of pampered young girls it 's probably worse than most , and it happens everywhere .
tr	O	时间不早了，并且她很累。
tr	I	I shoved Kenzie behind me , meeting the faery with my sticks raised , and shaking its fingers , it crept forward again .
tr	I	I came up on my toes , and Heat sparked between us like two live wires .
tr	I	He 'll give it to me , or it can 't be too overdone .
tr	O	黛拉的血压升高了，并且她的犬齿只是看着他就伸长了。
tr	I	I lumbered outside to take a piss , and her stolid look shook me out of my spell .
tr	O	我无法改变过去，并且这只会让他心烦。
tr	I	He called to her and his mind sought hers .
tr	I	When she opened her eyes , she saw his pattern and Kylie blinked .
tr	I	Auron remembered some faces and they knew who he was .
tr	O	他呼吸缓慢，并且他的眼睛闭着。
tr	O	有一个停顿，并且我听到他叹了口气。
tr	O	他是董事会成员，并且那是一场为造福墨西哥湾沿岸海洋生物而举办的年度舞会。
tr	I	She felt that they both needed it after today , but it would be another silent night .
tr	O	他的脸又变回了她所习惯的冷漠面具，但是他的眼中闪过一丝关切。
tr	O	这不是我常光顾的那种场所，但是我老板坚持让我与梅菲尔德在他偏爱的环境中见面。
tr	I	She shivered even in the hot sun , and fear chilled her heart .
tr	I	It should open , and just press your thumb against the pad on the face .
tr	I	He pulled himself up onto the grass , his body flat out on his chest and his boots found purchase .
tr	I	Then his hardened nature took over , and Compassion flashed over Eddie 's face .
tr	O	现在，最后一丝紫色显露在西方的地平线上，但是当我看到它的那一刻它就变黑了。
tr	I	I felt my chest tighten , and the image of Dex gasping for breath suddenly flashed in my brain .
tr	I	We passed along the same horror to them they had been handing out around Paris , and I opened the door .
tr	I	It was always so confusing with Demetri , but he made me feel things , good things .
tr	O	我用手指划过屏幕，但是它没有改变图片。
tr	I	The enemy was victorious and the battle was over .
tr	I	My hands could not stop shaking from the violent current in my bloodstream and my nerves were completely fried .
tr	O	德文很高兴她度过了美好的一天，但是他的一部分感到失望，因为他没能和她一起享受。
tr	O	我知道那样会让他停下来，但是我猜我不是个好人。
tr	O	洛拉斯一直在积蓄这份怒火，并且这是无可否认的。
tr	O	一小阵风吹过一扇窗户，并且她走向它，小心翼翼地沿着锯齿状的玻璃滑动手指。
tr	O	迈克尔从椅子上站起来，但是他太矮了，没有人能看到他整个头露出桌子。
tr	I	She knows our lives are intertwined , and she has always valued my life .
tr	I	I don 't know what to do with it , and it 's unsettling in a settling sort of way .
tr	O	到那时他们只剩下了一百人，但是我没有计划给他们公平一战。
tr	O	这很令人沮丧，并且我感觉很痛苦。
tr	I	Zeus stepped through , and the curtains parted .
tr	O	我用不着它，并且我不认为它很快会在其他任何时候派上用场。
tr	O	我花了一段时间将所有人拒之门外，并且现在我终于让某人进来了。
tr	O	我们尝试搜索她写的几篇学术文章，但是没有列出任何内容。
tr	I	Their teeth clashed with the depth , and he deepened the kiss .
tr	O	一辆银色SUV猛踩刹车，并且迪恩几乎没有注意到。
tr	O	当有人出来时，我能听到门上的铃铛叮当作响，并且咖啡的独特香气也随之飘散开来。
tr	O	她曾多次替惠特尼下达杀戮命令，但是她并没有真正亲自动手。
tr	O	然后他意识到那个人一定是在对他说话，并且他转过身去看是谁。
tr	I	Not fast enough , he angrily acknowledged , but the earth was moving .
tr	I	All your friends and what I will do to you .
tr	O	她朝他扔了几样东西，并且他惊讶地从空中抓住了它们。
tr	I	The rift begun then remains , and they resented our getting married .
tr	I	He had work to do and these things went on forever .
tr	O	她会想太多，并且那从来都不是一件好事。
tr	I	Although Danny refuses to nap , his senses are blunted as he walks outside the hotel , and all of the driving has taken its toll .
tr	I	I didn 't saw nothing unusual and I looked on the window straight in the parking lot .
tr	I	His eyes swept across at the two women and the man stopped .
tr	O	我当然会像其他人一样性欲高涨，但是目前吞噬着我的那种渴望是不自然的。
tr	O	你到那里后我就会见到你，并且我会去找你。
tr	I	Camille wanted to cut to the chase to find out what , and no , he wanted something else from her .
tr	I	He saw her in his dreams and he thought of her every minute .
tr	I	The corners of his eyes creased with the smile I so rarely earned and he chuckled .
tr	O	她穿着纯粹的冷白色，并且她的嘴唇看起来几乎是蓝色的。
tr	O	对他来说现在很重，并且他举起它时，能看到眼后有血。
tr	O	我知道那也是错的，但是我 H已经达到了我耐心的极限。
tr	I	My stomach hurt just at the thought of accompanying Foster anywhere , and to say I was stunned would be to understate my feelings .
tr	O	她惊讶他竟然理解了，并且她的姿势因防御而僵硬。
tr	O	她知道自己最终不得不与他们打交道，但是她还没有为此做好准备。
tr	I	This one was , and that didn 't mean he couldn 't appreciate an attractive woman though .
tr	I	I 'm not sure I can , but I want all of that with Noah .
tr	I	That could change , but the skies were clear now .
tr	O	我们三个人都安静了下来，并且我感觉自己快要爆炸了。
tr	O	她看着他寻找借口时，眼睛眯了起来，但是当他张嘴说话时，却没有任何词语出来。
tr	I	She was frozen , and he was too close .
tr	I	It would be about me later , but it was about Watson right then .
tr	I	I turn to look at him , and Logan punches me in the arm .
tr	O	他并不是那些男孩真正的叔叔，但是他认识他们一辈子了。
tr	O	可能是几分钟，或者可能是几小时。
tr	I	I must have jumped a foot and my fork dropped with a clang .
tr	I	It was a wedding dress and well , it was white .
tr	I	I started crying , and I suddenly thought about the dead monkey .
tr	I	My legs threatened to give out , and he slid an arm around me .
tr	O	我知道这听起来不多，但是我们这里说的是二十四次LSD迷幻之旅，一周最多四次。
tr	O	我以为他们是机场员工，但是他们却没有介绍自己。
tr	O	你的设计非常有前景，而且我绝对能看到它们的巨大市场。
tr	O	我倒抽一口气，双手捂住嘴，并且掉下证书，想起了我在钢琴里看到的那个身影。
tr	I	She 'd chicken out or if she was going to do this , she 'd better do it now .
tr	O	她后退了一步，并且他立刻眯起了眼睛。
tr	I	The guests remained in the colorful ballroom , but a fire had been lit here for the guests .
tr	O	我无法清晰地了解他的想法，但是当他再次开口时，他的声音中带着不同的强度。
tr	O	我们规模小，并且我们互相照顾。
tr	I	An older couple walks out chatting happily and the elevator opens a few doors down .
tr	I	He kissed me , and I turned up my face then .
tr	I	Also a wariness I didn 't understand , and there was stark relief in his gaze .
tr	I	There is a sense that I was happy once , but I don 't remember much of my past .
tr	O	他会调情，吻得你失去知觉，对你甜言蜜语，并且你会屏住呼吸祈祷他不会背叛你。
tr	I	They were too far away to tell , but what were they , she asked herself .
tr	O	我知道他很可靠，并且他性感极了。
tr	I	We were too late to see Jonas , and we arrived too late to help Julian .
tr	I	The traffic was slow but the driver was fast .
tr	I	He 'd definitely have an advantage and one swift kick in that gut .
tr	I	When could I ever count on comfort from my father , but that wasn 't exactly the reassurance I was hoping for ?
tr	O	我们有非常重要的事情要对你说，并且我奉主之名，嘱咐你仔细听。
tr	O	整个“间谍游戏”的工作人员都在我家门口，并且我的桌上铺着几千美元。
tr	I	She secretly found it touching that he cared about her safety , but she might joke with him about being like an overprotective father .
tr	I	Bennett stayed by my side the entire time , but most of the tenants went back to sleep .
tr	O	哦不，我以前从未见过她发火，并且我怀疑那是不是一件好事。
tr	O	水必向下流，并且你必须被告知。
tr	I	His fingers buckled under the hard muscles , but his claws pierced his enemy 's skin .
tr	I	It made me smile and an awed whisper rippled through the crowd .
tr	I	I shook as I relaxed my inner muscles , and something large , something hard pushed at my opening .
tr	I	The tight curling locks sculptors give to statues of Adonis and the other stood gilded by the firelight , with a straight profile .
tr	O	它现在非常近了，不管它是什么，并且它越近，我抖得越厉害。
tr	O	他假装若无其事，但是我注意到他变得颤抖了。
tr	I	He felt like a damn kid asking a girl on a first date and his palms were even damp .
tr	I	The room started to feel uncomfortably warm , and while I contemplated her accomplishment , a silence fell between us .
tr	I	I wondered what he was thinking , and Noah watched me for a second , eyes narrowed , focus intent .
tr	I	She wanted to be able to do the same for him and she knew he would listen with an open mind to her reasons .
tr	I	That would have been too much , but she would have spritzed perfume on .
tr	O	他们的身体轻轻地靠在一起，并且她感到一阵颤栗。
tr	O	天空非常阴沉，并且又开始下雪了。
tr	I	Shadowhunters in black gear poured into the room , seizing hold of him and before Simon could say a word in reply , the door burst open .
tr	I	Flung the top over the railing and she made fast work of the buttons down his camo uniform .
tr	O	等待答案是可怕的，但是裘德不得不忍受它。
tr	O	它不会有多大用处，但是那是我唯一能找到的了。
tr	I	Our way was blocked by a massive growth of Wisteria , but we started to him .
tr	O	玛丽·安会摔倒的，而且他不能允许那样。
tr	I	They simply weren 't up to it , and that left Herrera , Nap the Colonel .
tr	I	His muscles stood out rigidly against me and his scent was stronger , heightened by his passion as his fingers caressed the nape of my neck .
tr	I	Her breathing was ragged and her eyes were huge .
tr	I	She 'd been too upset with herself to listen to him , but Dimitri had told her .
tr	O	我不能离开奥利维亚，而且我还得找到我的父母。
tr	I	If she did , she didn 't react , or the professor didn 't notice , though .
tr	I	The moonlight filters in , casting the room in a milky glow and the blinds aren 't closed all the way on the bay windows .
tr	I	They were painfully young , and they were both in dire need of an orthodontist .
tr	I	What she saw there before he quickly looked away made her much more afraid for Jake than for herself , and she looked up into his eyes .
tr	I	By July , those air conditioned rooms would be much more comfortable , but Open air was fine in Dallas in April .
tr	O	他们身后传来一阵急促的马蹄声，并且两人都迅速转身，想看看是谁在追赶他们。
tr	O	她轻轻一吹，并且一小滴红色滚落下来，溅到白色的瓷砖地板上。
tr	I	He pursed his lips instead , but Phillip looked as if he would correct me for not using his name .
tr	O	它看起来不一样，但是看起来也没有不同。
tr	I	Benedict was often ... eager for female company , and Salina 's mother died when she was young .
tr	I	I noticed he was sitting a row closer to me than yesterday , but luckily , he wasn 't looking my way right at that moment .
tr	O	Rema 的头剧烈疼痛，并且她大口喘气。
tr	I	Ben knew he hated it , and he hated when Ben rolled his eyes at him .
tr	I	I knew that tomorrow would be , too , and Today had been one hell of a day .
tr	O	Eirik 存在着，并且他在各方面都很完美。
tr	I	I felt his eyes on me and he turned over on his side .
tr	I	We lose , or we 've got an hour to get to the base in the center .
tr	O	那是在演出之后，所以这显然没有影响他的鼓技，但是到了晚上结束时，他已经说不出话了。
tr	O	王子转过一个街角，并且他就在那里，躺在街上，正如王子离开他时一样。
tr	O	我平静地问道，但是我声音中的颤抖出卖了我的痛苦。
tr	O	这会是一件险事，但是她现在对此无能为力。
tr	I	He had nothing , but he wished he had bread of his own to give .
tr	I	He couldn 't hide that Cole had gotten to him , but he was trying to act tough .
tr	I	I knew right then that one day this land would be mine , but I didn 't tell them about what I thought I 'd seen .
tr	I	It could have been something else , or it could have been an Escalade .
tr	O	Lupe 留下了，但是我不能。
tr	I	Talking about my dad right now was not something I wanted to go into and I just needed to let everything sink in .
tr	O	一股寒意沿着我的脊椎窜了上来，并且我的心再次狂跳起来。
tr	I	I stepped a bit to my left to have a better view , and my attention was caught by the dull gleam of a shaved head .
tr	O	奥雷利乌斯的眼睛是红的，并且他的獠牙露了出来。
tr	I	I wasn 't paying attention , but the teacher droned on about some math property .
tr	I	Unlike some , it did not come back , but they had watched it far into the darkness .
tr	I	When they weren 't together , she inevitably found her thoughts drifting toward him , and Luke made the world more vivid somehow , more real .
tr	I	This wasn 't the moment to mention that , but it had worked out for the best , since she had more time for her writing now .
tr	I	He was glad to have delivered one anyway , but he could feel that no apology was necessary .
tr	O	他专注于烹饪，并且我专注于他。
tr	I	It 's better to do it by jumping to some other subject , and to avoid further suspicions , it 's better to end the conversation .
tr	O	你当然有，并且你知道！
tr	O	他向前迈了一步，并且我后退了。
tr	O	她听到斯托姆喊了些什么，但是那声音淹没在她脑中因被传送带来的令人肠绞的剧烈动荡而不断加剧的恶心眩晕中。
tr	I	You never want to just assume , but we 'd anticipated it would be clear .
tr	I	I can 't be certain , but he told me he thinks it 's to do with the Collars .
tr	I	We turned to the minister so he could begin the ceremony , and she started to laugh as we stood there , holding hands .
tr	O	简有点沮丧，但是她知道这其中存在风险。
tr	O	他那时还活着，但是现在，我不知道。
tr	I	No one wanted to touch her , but the headmistress stood on the cobblestones looking up at us .
tr	O	我稍微握了握她的手，并且她在床上挪动了一下。
tr	O	这间安全屋由一位我们叫“老爹”的老人管理，并且他不是我们的人。
tr	O	我蜷缩在他身边，并且他翻过身，侧躺着，背对着我。
tr	I	Then her phone started ringing , and we sat there for a few minutes grinning at each other .
tr	O	她给了他一张卡片，但是那对他来说什么也证明不了。
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting so many , but Merrill warned me they might be there .
tr	O	这张桌旁有几位女士，都在努力工作，并且索尔觉得她们中肯定有一个人知道。
tr	O	伊桑试图敷衍过去，但是朱莉却追问他要一个解释。
tr	I	It slipped out of her hand twice but she quietly pursued a bright blue one .
tr	O	食物会再次变得美味，并且我也会停止为我本该挽救的生命感到愧疚。
tr	O	清理农舍并不是她做过最愉快的工作，但是至少她感受到了工作完成的满足感。
tr	I	He caught himself as he fell , and Jackie released the air holding him up .
tr	O	她在搜寻她的记忆，并且它们是一团乱麻。
tr	O	她发出一声轻柔而冰冷的笑声，但是她的语气中却没有丝毫的愉悦。
tr	O	他狠狠地拍了拍我的背，并且我忍不住向前踉跄了一下。
tr	O	凯利坐起来太快了，并且他的头晕眩起来。
tr	I	She 'd been too late , but she shared the same mind connection with her daughter as she did with her sister .
tr	O	她要把这件事做好，并且那就是现在唯一重要的事。
tr	O	丽齐看向卢卡斯，并且看到他脸上紧张的神情她摇了摇头。
tr	O	她想先了解更多事实，但是这种局面似乎正在迅速超出她的专业范围。
tr	O	我开始笑起来，但是然后我却戛然而止。
tr	O	麦克的眼皮颤动了一下，并且她把钱包塞回了他的口袋。
tr	O	那些诱人的双唇将会是我的劫数，并且我幻想着它们温柔地亲吻我的身体。
tr	O	她差点就要纠正他关于他们谈话的时间，但是她随即停住了。
tr	I	I was having trouble even keeping my eyes open , and my heart rate was slowing .
tr	I	They 're ice cold and her fingers brush mine .
tr	I	He laughed in his heart ; and lightly he made this vow , as he ever did .
tr	O	他欣赏他们的国家，并且他让他们笑了。
tr	O	杰夫能看到暴风雨已经渐渐远去，并且他需要去追。
tr	I	When he was around , he was the life of the party , but people complained to me privately about Doug .
tr	I	Father Seymour departed and they said their good-byes .
tr	O	她的眼睛被深色镜框眼镜遮住了，但是安娜能看出它们是清澈的绿色。
tr	I	Stephanie found his lack of endurance amusing , and he collapsed at the well-received flat area .
tr	I	I 'm not going to ask her about it , but I am kind of curious about her meeting with the lawyer .
tr	I	He flinched horribly and I touched his back .
tr	I	She 'd be more receptive to the fantasy , or too bad she 'd been brought crashing into reality .
tr	I	It was taking all her will to keep it so , but the gun was steady in her hand .
tr	I	Not because he thinks it 's funny , but he lets out this sharp laugh .
tr	I	He 'd been immune to their pleas , but the others had cried , too .
tr	O	邻居们都聚集在外面，并且我能听到远处的警笛声。
tr	I	It sounded long enough to become painful but Brick hadn 't done the mental arithmetic .
tr	O	没日没夜的性爱让她饥肠辘辘，并且她津津有味地吃起了早餐。
tr	I	The door closed behind him and I watched as Stefan folded his large frame into the seat beside me .
tr	I	My mom insisted , but I always tried to get out of swimming lessons .
tr	O	我只见过一个其他的露娜，并且他从未见过。
tr	I	I really hadn 't given him a reason to not believe me but he obviously wasn 't buying it .
tr	I	Now I was beginning to wonder if maybe there was more , but I thought he was called in for the drugs as well .
tr	I	My camera was lost , but I 'm fine .
tr	O	事情已经开始启动了，并且我觉得一切都按部就班地进行着。
tr	O	我不喜欢事情这样发展，并且我甚至还没有说什么呢。
tr	I	Their wing span alone would 've given them away and they were very large beasts .
tr	I	Dan ' r , even at his best , could not have saved them all and they were being left to the will of their god .
tr	I	They only sparkled when he looked at Izzy , but he had the most amazing blue eyes .
tr	O	关于“捍卫者”没有什么可说的了，并且似乎也没有其他东西可看了。
tr	O	迈克想待在有行动的地方，而不是躲在办公室里，并且他大步走出去加入了他们。
tr	O	她想在德夫林分心的时候攻击他，但是她却没有武器可以这么做。
tr	I	They had been there all the while ; or other voices rose .
tr	O	现在我把真相告诉了全世界，并且这取决于他们是否会相信我。
tr	I	Businessmen don 't do anything unless it 's profitable , and I 've known a lot of businessmen over the years .
tr	O	迈克尔斯皱起了眉头，并且所有的审判官都面色凝重。
tr	O	我没有意识到它们因为我没有动而关闭了，但是我现在刺痛的眼睛证明并非如此。
tr	O	它是给卡里的，并且它是给苏西的。
tr	O	电脑屏幕显示了她的程序，并且她点击了电子邮件图标，等待连接到她的服务商，再次等待电子邮件下载。
tr	I	He forcefully put his hand over it , but she opened her mouth wide to yell .
tr	O	她没有任何证据，但是她的问题肯定让那个政客感到烦躁不安。
tr	O	也许我们不应该再是朋友了，但是我至少可以为我的不良行为道歉。
tr	I	I feel for her , and I heard it all .
tr	O	她认为沙恩的爸爸犹豫了，但是然后他拖着脚步走开，直到他消失不见。
tr	O	除了法庭记者，所有人都站了起来，并且布雷特宣布开庭。
tr	O	周一谢尔盖在米兰度过了一天，但是他没有去他的办公室。
tr	O	当我猛地醒来时，天已经黑了，并且我懒洋洋地坐起来伸展身体。
tr	O	疼，但是我很早以前就明白万物皆痛了。
tr	I	You have no right to rule over us all , and you are a liar , a thief .
tr	O	斯凯问了，但是一声响动让茉莉猛地转向入口。
tr	I	He wasn 't answering his door , but his truck sat in the driveway .
tr	O	他曾把她看作一个缺乏安全感的女人，试图应对某种变化，并且他曾试图帮助她。
tr	I	They were not his own for he was lying down but he could see feet moving over the ground .
tr	I	I don 't know how that is possible , yet Roosevelt insists the United States will remain neutral .
tr	O	我走到他办公室，并且我敲了敲门。
tr	I	He didn 't acknowledge me , but I looked up into his eyes , silently begging him not to do anything .
tr	O	它们非常像裘德的，并且她梳成马尾辫的沙金色头发也和他的很像。
tr	O	我做到了，并且一旦进入，我便开始一次两罐地将罐头卸到车库里。
tr	I	I saw it , but he tried to hide the glimmer of panic in his eye .
tr	O	我们会既往不咎，并且我们会回到以前的样子。
tr	I	He kept Sara clear , easier to accomplish than blocking her surprise proposal from his mind , but debris pounded his back .
tr	I	The Carriage House had struck his fancy , but I offered the names of a few more places .
tr	O	我看着他，并且他对我笑了。
tr	I	An IV fed into her left arm , and she was connected to about five different beeping machines .
tr	I	No clients are coming in , and we have a slow day at the office .
tr	I	His sword was long , and his hand was steady .
tr	I	He sent her a smile that seemed fake , and his eyes changed , as did his face .
tr	O	没有必要如此，她知道，但是她的身体却在说不。
tr	O	我笑了，并且她颤了一下。
tr	I	I laughed and I laughed .
tr	I	Her hair had whitened to platinum and the furrows in her blanching skin had begun to deepen around the sapphire eyes .
tr	O	他用膝盖抵住我的双腿之间，迫使我分开它们，并且我甘愿顺从。
tr	O	他已经完全勃起了，但是我决定确认一下。
tr	O	我想留下，但是我又想离开。
tr	I	He wasn 't sure how she felt about him , but as he looked at her , he realized that he was in love with her .
tr	O	第一领主预见到了，并且他以惊人的速度做出了反应。
tr	I	Perhaps he has even tried to get me to respond to his flair and there 's no other explanation for him not responding to my flair .
tr	I	I can 't sleep but I 'm totally exhausted .
tr	I	Again I find myself staring at Raffaele , and again the memory disappears into thin air .
tr	O	她的手指沾满了汗水，并且她悄悄地在牛仔裤上擦干了它们。
tr	O	据推测，它们已经繁殖了，并且它们的族群壮大了。
tr	I	Our eyes never met but he sat down next to me .
tr	I	He shouldn 't want to manipulate , and he shouldn 't want to control .
tr	I	It all turned out okay and I believed in what you said .
tr	I	Me running barefoot into the parking lot , screaming with crazed abandon , and a thunderstorm releasing us from misery .
tr	O	她感觉心跳恢复了正常，但是颤抖却无法停止。
tr	I	He picked it up , tapping it gently and a cordless microphone was sitting on the table .
tr	O	他低吼了一声，并且她咧嘴笑了。
tr	O	灯光很昏暗，但是我能辨认出走廊里堆满了，嗯，档案。
tr	I	Cooper 's body tenses and the groaning starts again .
tr	I	It hadn 't , but it should have .
tr	O	现在他不知道发生了什么，并且他害怕再跑下去的想法。
tr	O	裘德让我理解了他的观点，而且那是一项值得诺贝尔和平奖的壮举。
tr	O	他穿过房间走向通往露台的门，并且当他打开门时，雨似乎停了。
tr	I	She was no match for my new strength , but she tried to struggle against me .
tr	I	It sounded as if it was coming from somewhere inside the house , but it had been a single thin peep , barely perceptible .
tr	I	Urine produced when intellectually engaged and I , therefore , feel compelled to establish no connection between fluids consumed .
tr	I	Marcus couldn 't discern her words and the girl was muttering to herself .
tr	I	After that we heard the shot , and the window blew in .
tr	O	她那天差点死了，而且他本可以让她去死，这样就少了两张要养活的嘴。
tr	I	I 'll bring out a plate and have a seat at the table .
tr	O	我本可以吃东西的那一天，但是瑞恩的信消除了我可能有的任何食欲。
tr	I	We exited the scene and with everything under control Ivor decided that his job was done .
tr	O	她没有问，并且他没有说。
tr	I	Jed wasn 't sure which one was hurt and both were covered in blood .
tr	O	它在月光下闪烁，并且黄色的光透过一排排窗户渗了出来。
tr	O	一滴眼泪从她下巴滑落，并且在那一刻我知道我必须做什么。
tr	O	常识告诉他要恐慌，但是他的头脑却一直告诉他不要。
tr	I	Besides , I had no choice , and that wouldn 't happen as long as I was careful .
tr	I	I start to face the inevitable and hearing him say that makes me feel better .
tr	O	这是很棒的足球，而且他们提供了八万英镑。
tr	O	毕竟，阿芙罗狄蒂也没有选择她的丈夫，而且现在她已经整天依偎在他身边了。
tr	O	他是我的雕塑家，并且我是他的粘土。
tr	O	我需要听完剩下的内容，但是我现在简直精疲力尽。
tr	I	For a second there is no pain , and my vision goes black .
tr	I	She couldn 't place his features , but the voice was slightly familiar .
tr	I	Then he thumped his shoulder into the door , and she heard a soft pop .
tr	I	It makes me self-conscious and he hugs me back .
tr	I	You shouldn 't have been a prick and I shouldn 't have shown up dressed like a circus freak .
tr	I	The floor rumbled and the walls shook .
tr	O	狼群更喜欢不带枪狩猎，但是他看到营地里有很多武器。
tr	I	I sure was good at keeping this little munchkin entertained , but I may have not had Ariana 's magic touch when it came to children .
tr	I	I couldn 't move , but I wanted to run .
tr	O	当她进入时，钟声在她头顶响起，并且一只小约克夏梗犬的吠叫声迎接了她。
tr	I	Nathan is waiting on the other side , and I shut the door .
tr	O	奈特，一直在听着，带着冷却剂走了过来，并且店员把它打上了收银。
tr	I	My frustration grew , and no one gained any ground .
tr	I	They appeared to have been talking the whole time and they checked the women occasionally .
tr	I	He would marry her as soon as he could stand , and her name was Marnie .
tr	I	Ty didn 't even know they were after him and they had him cornered already .
tr	I	We made our way inside and he looped his arm over my shoulder .
tr	I	The image of a gorgeous young woman filled the screen , and Michael pressed another button .
tr	O	你很聪明，并且你工作努力。
tr	O	我离地面只有一尺多，而且他甚至还没开始站起来。
tr	I	Now it was time to toy with the doorman standing under the canopy , and my humor was sharp today .
tr	O	她旋转穿过，在她身后撒下金属丝，并且他从他的黑色毛衣上摘下一根金色的线。
tr	O	音乐结束了，并且左边的女新闻主播从她的笔记本电脑上抬起头。
tr	O	她倒在伊森身上，并且他紧紧抱住她。
tr	O	她的自动化行为背后有着明显的温暖，但是她不再生活在一个它被适当接受的时代。
tr	I	Dell hadn 't caused the accident and whatever had transpired between his real dad .
tr	I	The lift descended , and the doors closed .
tr	O	我的一个手下在几个月前死了，并且他们谎报了他的死因。
tr	O	我转过身，并且他抓住了我。
tr	O	她又转过身，并且这次艾玛没有跟上。
tr	I	Her blue gaze full of hate glistened with tears , and her whole body trembled .
tr	I	I wholeheartedly agreed with him , and he wanted to be perfectly sure you would heal completely with no complications .
tr	I	Michael held me back , but I started after him .
tr	O	你的子宫对感染反应不佳，并且它失去了一些弹性。
tr	O	她不知道如何熟练地使用它，并且那些匕首会迫使她离黑豹太近。
tr	O	那是他一生中最快乐的一天，并且他带着这个消息兴高采烈地回了家。
tr	O	卢坎正在尽可能地获取他所能得到的一切，但是阿莫里仍然掌握着自己的命运。
tr	O	确实，那只是一些男孩，但是他没有在意这个区别。
tr	O	杰斯几乎要为脑海中浮现的画面笑出声来，但是海丝特却倒吸一口气，然后瘫靠在她身上。
tr	I	There was something underneath her sweet look that troubled me , but Abbi smiled .
tr	I	Tori stiffened and everyone turned .
tr	I	She had barely taken the time to eat - and her entire body was sore - in a very good way .
tr	I	He tried to call out , and his initial sense of drowsy lethargy slid completely away from him .
tr	O	格雷厄姆让道格尔的狼鼻子碰了碰格雷厄姆的鼻子，并且格雷厄姆抬起手拍了拍道格尔的侧身。
tr	I	That had nothing to do with love , but he had watched Stacy sleep this morning at the chateau .
tr	O	仅剩的几棵树回到了静止的位置，并且窗户也停止了嘎嘎作响。
tr	O	他有着同样的黑色长发，明亮的黄水晶眼睛，和一副毫不费力的角斗士般的身材。
tr	I	He was staring into the distance at something Paul could not see , and Logan 's eyes gave off an eerie silver glow in the darkness .
tr	O	他向后倒去，并且他的眼睛睁大了，因为他意识到我是谁。
tr	I	I 'm sorry , and I scare you .
tr	I	The vampires aren 't let out during the night and the werewolves there are supposed to all have collars .
tr	O	汽车停了下来，并且他们下了车。
tr	O	他会再次离开我，并且我需要他，就像我需要空气一样。
tr	O	我的心为之一痛，并且我停止了打包。
tr	I	His letter was only one page , and Ricky was again in a hurry .
tr	I	His adversary different from his usual nemeses , and which made the battle different from Gavin 's usual conflicts .
tr	O	接下来的几年很平静，而且那让我非常不安。
tr	O	我本该为活着而高兴，但是说实话，我很生气。
tr	O	他需要帮助，而且那是她的工作。
tr	I	There 's something comforting about that , and his head is shiny .
tr	I	He was certainly stiff , but the man might not be dead .
tr	O	混乱从四面八方涌来，并且一个念头在我脑海中闪过。
tr	O	珍妮用手指戳了一下其中一个按钮，并且一切都黑了。
tr	I	She held on to it , but Meg almost dropped it by surprise .
tr	I	Large windows had been covered over , and Everything mobile had been cleared away .
tr	I	She 'd be a distraction , but he considered asking her to come along .
tr	I	Afterward they lay beside each other , and they made love tenderly , quietly .
tr	I	I could feel a faint tingling sensation and the cool of a mint still lingered .
tr	I	She grabbed on to it , wincing and her head cracked against a fallen tree .
tr	O	他不得不停下来，但是哈特不会停下来。
tr	O	他说它很快，但是它发出的噪音不知何故让我很恼火。
tr	I	He 's right , and Graham won 't keep his mouth shut .
tr	O	我怀疑这还没奇怪到让卡米注意到，但是我的确注意到了。
tr	I	The pile took up enough space to accommodate a fair sized village and the rubble was made up of stones too square to have occurred naturally .
tr	I	His gaze remained on Leigh , who hadn 't moved since he spoke , but he smiled for Tabatha .
tr	I	The truth is always better when exposed , and love heals all wounds .
tr	I	She was going to see to it that he paid for that , even if it cost her her life , and he 'd hurt Iain .
tr	O	我努力隐藏我的紧张，但是这个男人在我看到照片之前就让我心动不已，这个事实让我无法掩饰。
tr	O	他生来便权力加身，但是也肩负着一份他甚至无法想象其深浅的责任。
tr	O	她想要她的热情得到共鸣，但是我无法提起兴致。
tr	I	I was the one who replied , but my husband snorted .
tr	I	She left them with Mr. Blackthorn when they were small , but they had the same mother .
tr	O	他的双臂交叉抱在胸前，并且我意识到他从不用手势说话。
tr	I	No one thought it would snow and it was early spring .
tr	I	I wasn 't the only one who got distracted , and Greg Slade was impossible not to watch during class .
tr	I	He didn 't pull away , but she braced herself for his departure .
tr	I	Another part wasn 't so sure , but there was a part of her that wanted to think he was kidding .
tr	I	I tilted my head up , letting the spray wash over me , and they were the source of the water on my face .
tr	I	Staring sternly at them deflected their eyes , and she wiped the leaking from her eyes .
tr	O	我的声音很急促，并且我没有将目光从他的眼睛上移开。
tr	I	He was ready for it this time , but his right knee buckled under his weight once again .
tr	I	She twisted to keep from landing on Nate , and he tossed her to the side .
tr	I	He made attempt on the Triforce again , but I don 't know how .
tr	O	他邀请我来访，我本该感到非常高兴，但是我无法摆脱事情背后另有隐情的怀疑。
tr	I	Although I 'd spanked her once before , it was some time ago , and she knew what that symbolised .
tr	I	Then he saw me , but he was going to slide it under the door .
tr	I	I wanted to have my friend by my side now that our lives were being uprooted , but I was almost embarrassed to admit it .
tr	O	她的头突然晕眩起来，并且她失去了平衡。
tr	I	I must have grimaced , because Georgina squeezed my wrist affectionately and a pain gripped my chest , thinking of Annie .
tr	I	His gaze met hers and his eyes opened .
tr	O	莱利大约十分钟前就进去了，但是那个特工没有看到梅根到来。
tr	O	尴尬的沉默在我们之间蔓延，并且在一个漫长而紧张的时刻，连空气都静止了。
tr	O	她的眼睛眯了起来，并且她在看着我。
tr	I	She had theories and she had questions .
tr	I	The Grass Man going north and he must 've told the scouts something about the caravan being ambushed .
tr	O	当营地映入眼帘时，斯科特看着垃圾桶，并且他笑了。
tr	I	I was swamped with other projects but it had been ready all day .
tr	I	Everything will be okay in the morning and hopefully we 'll both get some sleep .
tr	O	这是他们的天性，并且今晚的一切都与事物的本质有关。
tr	I	This meeting will lead to the next , and stop it now .
tr	O	我能想到一千个答案，但是它们都被短路了。
tr	O	傍晚时分临近，萨姆收起了锚，并且我们开始返回船上。
tr	O	起初他们只对我讲星语，并且我只对他们讲英语。
tr	O	接着窗户里的窗帘动了一下，并且他感到而不是看到有人在外面看着他。
tr	I	I know Alice is worried , and Angela Weber is expecting me .
tr	I	The eagle heading up to their room and Sighs Kol using his magic to lift his two friends .
tr	I	I can 't give you directions to it , and before you ask , I 'll tell you that they 're held sacred .
tr	I	He 's gone , but I turn to look at Silas , to ask him where we are .
tr	O	利奥波德从克劳斯手中接过灯笼，并且那个男人低下了头。
tr	I	It felt wrong , but it felt good .
tr	I	He twitched at sudden sounds , and Rex 's hands still trembled .
tr	I	I awoke to find a whole new horror and I ripped at it until I was finally brought back to the surface .
tr	I	A wealth of heat followed the movement and his hands slid to my hips .
tr	O	这个问题变得越来越严重，并且他知道该怪谁。
tr	I	I wasn 't so sure , but he seemed unperturbed , at least for now .
tr	O	他活动了一下肩膀，但是紧张感依然存在。
tr	O	史黛西心不在焉地环顾着房间，并且奥利维亚能感受到她的绝望。
tr	O	他救不了他的妻子，但是他可以拼命去追寻他的女儿。
tr	I	His eyes searched the other man 's face and Bond 's voice was urgent .
tr	O	我不想停止亲吻她，但是我不得不。
tr	I	I found that I couldn 't look away from them and there were little dimples just above each butt cheek .
tr	O	我把手留在那里，并且她在我的触碰下放松下来。
tr	O	那位年轻、美貌、才华横溢、即将被他雇佣的女演员，而且我无法忍受将他输给她的念头。
tr	I	We took off shortly after that and the co-pilot shut the door behind me .
tr	O	使你湿润，并且打出肥皂泡沫。
tr	I	The chair came crashing down - on the floor next to him , and he tripped over one of the fallen men , unable to dodge .
tr	O	里面有一些微弱的哔哔声，并且帕洛米诺猛地推开了门。
tr	O	多年来，一些宝石频繁易手，但是兄弟会从未一次性拥有全部十六颗宝石。
tr	O	我喝了一杯，并且你喝了剩下的。
tr	I	Neither was it relenting , but he held firm , his grip not painful .
tr	O	看了一眼我的脸，并且布兰迪倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	她的肩膀佝偻着，并且她的目光飘向门口。
tr	O	她的头发乱糟糟的，并且她的声音充满焦虑。
tr	O	Jacy正要回应，但是寂静被那位西班牙裔女佣打破了，她从后门朝他们喊着。
tr	I	I knew it , and he was bluffing .
tr	O	我叹了口气，并且我的眼睛湿润了，就像我想到比尔时常有的那样——哭泣的柳树，那就是我。
tr	I	It opened , revealing the other boxes I 'd anticipated , and I held it in my fingers , twirling it slowly .
tr	O	到那时他可以驾着马车了，并且他及时赶回家吃早餐。
tr	O	他推上大门，并且随着大门关闭，灯光也熄灭了。
tr	I	I was worried of another thing but yes , I was not much worried about missing her .
tr	O	杰克摇了摇头，但是同时，他脑海中浮现出那条漂浮在邻近森林上空的石龙。
tr	O	双方都觉得对方完全疯了，但是双方都承认自己的想法也同样不平衡。
tr	I	When I looked again , it was gone , but I remember thinking it was one that landed .
tr	O	我确保头盔戴正了，并且我抚平了黑色的斗篷。
tr	I	We never came back here , but she didn 't sell it .
tr	I	Rachel will be safe , but yeah , Abby 's employer will own me .
tr	I	She was pushing him against the wall , and Demetri 's hands were underneath her shirt .
tr	O	年轻人都在马路对面，但是她这边却是空的。
tr	I	I am flying down the hill , and blinding sunlight greets me .
tr	I	My mind was reeling and I had only seconds .
tr	I	He was watching the water now , but I spared a glance for him .
tr	O	我挣扎着站起来，并且直到那时我才看到她大腿上那道巨大的伤口。
tr	I	She was scared about meeting them -- especially in such strange circumstances ; and she felt a little apprehensive as the Ashleigh family would be descending .
tr	O	罗布那周给我发过两次短信，并且我决定对他坦诚相待。
tr	O	利亚姆一直在与之搏斗的怪物匆匆站了起来，但是它却没有再次投入战斗。
tr	O	你对着几十人的听众就此主题进行演讲，并且他们第二天就会忘记你的名字。
tr	O	她被抓住了，并且他走近了。
tr	O	当我被扶正时，那种不安的感觉消失了，并且我迅速地松了口气。
tr	I	There is much I can do if it is needed , and you will know that in time .
tr	I	I stare at clouds as they skate across the blue sky as we slowly walk forward and my eyes open .
tr	O	眼睑也形成了一道屏障，但是他却不敢入睡。
tr	I	It hurt , but I started to scowl .
tr	I	You 're dead and you kill Nicolette .
tr	O	她用意念呼唤着他，但是刺痛她皮肤的寒冷是不同的。
tr	I	I was for her and there was no doubt about it she was for me .
tr	I	She was already starving , and she was getting cold .
tr	O	我的手臂正在愈合，但是恐惧正在充斥着我。
tr	I	It hurt to shake and chills racked my body .
tr	O	她用腿缠住他，并且他带着她走向柜台。
tr	I	It was better than the other options but he didn 't really like the taste .
tr	O	那些男人是无限吸血鬼，并且艾米确实非常不舒服。
tr	O	我不知道该如何处理这一切，但是我不想缓和我们之间的紧张气氛。
tr	I	Every breath made them swallow bitter water , and the rain streamed down their faces until they were walking blind .
tr	I	Then he 'll probably curse you with something fairly nasty as uber beings are wont to do , but you can refuse of course .
tr	I	To my surprise , he turned down a dark alley , but I expected us to trundle along the street .
tr	I	Everybody stiffened , reaching for their weapons and the door to the guardhouse opened .
tr	I	It reared its ugly head in front of the whole team and there was another problem that I hadn 't foreseen .
tr	I	I glanced over at Callum to see if he was okay , and my feet pounded the dirt .
tr	I	She blinked until her eyes adjusted and the bright glare of the crystal chandelier hit her hard .
tr	O	我只会告诉他们他们必须这样做，但是我关心的是你。
tr	I	He pointed toward the bow , and Jack 's head whipped around .
tr	O	他猛地推到底，并且他们齐声喊叫起来。
tr	I	I involuntarily squeezed my thighs together with anticipation , and my stomach quivered with nervous excitement .
tr	I	Again it flashed in the dark by itself , and he took out his sword again .
tr	O	当我们回到西湖山我的错层住宅时，夜幕已经降临，并且天气也变冷了。
tr	I	I say it now and I said it then .
tr	I	I didn 't get the chance , but I started to ask Finn another question .
tr	O	我现在已经熟悉这个套路了，并且她说什么都改变不了局势的结果。
tr	O	凯特装作不感兴趣地问，但是却未能掩饰她的着迷。
tr	I	I doubt I ever will , and I 've never seen snow .
tr	I	She was responding to my femininity , and I had her attention .
tr	I	Abby followed , and he took a step forward .
tr	I	She knew he was trying his best to be gentle but he grasped her by the arms , the pressure painful .
tr	I	He caught her scent on the still , cool air and she moved even closer .
tr	I	She chewed frantically , bits falling out of her open mouth and I shoved it past Ever 's teeth .
tr	I	Her heart wrenched in her chest , and he smiled at her .
tr	O	它从未有过生命，并且它也远非人形。
tr	I	The move had been good for the children , and the house had been built specifically for his family .
tr	O	我们的盘子被收走了，并且接着，令我恐惧的是，孩子们回来了。
tr	I	I 'm just really nosy , but most people are kind enough to say I have a very curious streak .
tr	O	想要说“是”在很多层面上都是错的，但是那个小小的词语却在她舌尖跳动。
tr	O	我不闭眼，并且她也不闭眼。
tr	I	There was a sheer drop of seven stories to the parking lot below , but the window was open .
tr	I	I realize how nervous she is , and she traces her fingers up my chest , her fingers shaking .
tr	O	我笑着告诉他，但是他却很严肃。
tr	I	It feels heavier than usual , unstable , and I slide one foot forward .
tr	I	He sighed and she saw his eyes move to Callum 's back before they came again to her .
tr	O	她就在此刻即将死去，并且现在他将永远受苦。
tr	I	Somehow , one thing was extra clear , but she had no idea what this was about .
tr	I	He seemed to be pondering something , and his jaw was set .
tr	O	她手里拿着一个文件夹，但是，在打开它之前，她歪着头看着我。
tr	I	You 're going to fry , and you killed her , Ian .
tr	O	弓箭手也留在了后面，但是他没有说为什么。
tr	O	那是一种极度的痛苦，跪在她的脚下，知道她躺在地下，但是那不是她。
tr	O	我叫了，但是他已经被人群吞没。
tr	I	It seemed oblivious to his voice , but he shouted at it to stop .
tr	O	她慢慢地打开它，并且我看到她的父母都坐在沙发上看电视。
tr	O	斯嘉丽防御性地问道，但是凯西从她的声音中感觉到一丝希望。
tr	O	他一到，他的行李就等着他，并且一个行李员迅速将它们装进了后备箱。
tr	O	一声抽泣的呜咽撕裂了我的胸膛，并且我感觉到泪水与雨水融为一体，当时我跪在那片空地上，全身湿透。
tr	O	我一生中考砸了很多次考试，但是我知道这次我能搞定它。
tr	O	她仍然戴着里根的脸，但是它泛着病态的绿色调。
tr	O	他在等我丢弃，但是我也知道他想听我的故事版本。
tr	I	Lily stood up , out of reach , but Margaret reached out for Lily 's hand .
tr	O	当他们看到我时，他们咧嘴笑了，但是当他们看到普伦蒂斯时，他们迅速僵硬起来，敬了一个快速而正式的军礼。
tr	I	I had no idea of the celebrating that would occur once we arrived , and Belen folded all of us to Adam 's ancestral home .
tr	I	This wasn 't her family 's cottage , but she should have been used to that from her own family 's cottage .
tr	I	It fell out of my mind and once again I jotted this down .
tr	I	They weren 't actually wearing much of it but THEY WERE DEFINITELY making use of their clothing .
tr	O	他们以为他们对我了如指掌，并且我已经把他们的世界搅得天翻地覆。
tr	O	太阳已经下山了，并且暮色已然完全笼罩了他们。
tr	I	All she got was an answering machine , but Arden had tried calling the number in Hollywood that Sheriff Ashton had provided her .
tr	I	She had to too and her Pa grew up .
tr	I	His body shook with the powerful emotion , and Darcy 's heart was crying out in agony .
tr	O	他的声音低至耳语，并且他颤抖了一下。
tr	O	这可能不容易，但是至少这次不会是一整年。
tr	I	We don 't require it , but we could use your assistance .
tr	I	I didn 't flinch , but my elbow rammed the terrifying Kait 's rock-hard abdomen .
tr	I	She could picture it peering up at her , deciding , and the bear investigated her little camp , stopping several times .
tr	O	当事情没有给他带来太大不便时，他可以很有礼貌，但是我们已经严重激怒了他。
tr	I	No sound came out but he opened his mouth .
tr	O	索菲对每个人都有平静、舒缓的作用，并且杰克很快发现自己向她倾诉了一切。
tr	O	克莱尔说我做了，但是这不重要。
tr	O	他试图用大腿夹住马鞍以保持身体稳定，但是这没有奏效。
tr	O	她脸上的血色全无，并且她以一个奇怪的角度支撑着自己。
tr	O	他没有费心否认，但是这也没有阻止他。
tr	O	我的眼睛睁大了，并且我抓住了他的手。
tr	I	She wasn 't at all sure what to expect when she arrived and it had been a full eight weeks since she 'd been to the village .
tr	O	该隐举起剑，准备进行又一次无数次的攻击，但是当他的挥击落地时，他面前的目标已经消失了。
tr	I	Afterward they 'd all gone to a movie and he 'd dropped by the bookstore on Saturday .
tr	I	I really will rape you , or put on a good act up here .
tr	O	她对他眉开眼笑，并且我突然感到有点被冷落了。
tr	I	It didn 't seem to faze him , but the Captain 's gun was knocked away .
tr	I	To come alone was unusual for him , but she had kind of bought into the idea of him coming .
tr	I	A mouth in the side of the island seemed to open up for them , and the yacht made a turn around a group of jagged rocks .
tr	I	I 'd come home again ... And the things I could see .
tr	I	She covered his hand , and he patted her shoulder .
tr	I	I wondered if she 'd forgotten something and Alanna blurred into the kitchen .
tr	O	他的肩膀如此宽阔，并且衬衫被他的头发打湿了。
tr	I	Perhaps it was like walking into one , or it was like stepping off a spaceship .
tr	O	莱兰很担心他，这一点很明显，并且萨姆无法责怪他。
tr	O	他打网球，当然了，但是那通常是在晚上。
tr	I	It wasn 't what I expected , but it 's not like I had been in too many college boys ' apartments before .
tr	O	我再次感受到了拥有身体的真实痛苦，并且那本身就是一种独特的快乐。
tr	I	Kenny fought mentally against accepting his dark , lonely end , and by now the gravity of the situation had sunk in .
tr	O	早上，她感觉好像会发生骚乱，但是现在一切都好。
tr	I	The universe had an ocean of lessons to teach her about grief , but the old Jax thought she knew pain .
tr	O	今天早上他对我施展魅力，而且在最好的时候也已经很难抗拒了。
tr	I	I saw him once from a distance , but she didn 't tell me his name .
tr	O	他迷路了，并且他知道这一点。
tr	I	When things did not turn out as planned , they lost al capacity for refinement in the resulting chaos , but vampires liked to manipulate things .
tr	O	他的鼻孔随即张开，并且他激动地抓下头上的帽子。
tr	I	Ragnar gave a small nod of his head , and she glanced back at the Horde dragons watching them .
tr	I	They sat together in silence and he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	The crisp autumn air felt like a cool balm on her skin , and the music wasn 't nearly as loud .
tr	I	He didn 't give her a chance to protest , but Lara was certain he was too big to accommodate .
tr	O	如果你感兴趣，只需给我发电子邮件，并且我将详细阐述。
tr	O	你的兄弟淹死在那条河里，并且这让我们心碎。
tr	O	咪咪本会被甩向前，但是实际上无处可去。
tr	I	I 'm hoping you can help with that , and I want to be part of your lives .
tr	O	我岳父的脸灰白，并且他茫然地回望着我。
tr	I	They must have thought that I was pretty bad and I guess the kids had been talking .
tr	I	It would be ready for them , but it would be dark by the time they reached the house .
tr	O	仅是她欲望的感觉就几乎足以让他失控，但是他克制住了。
tr	O	昨晚她告诉他她想去，把这事做了好让它结束，并且我就可以回来了。
tr	O	尽管有点惊讶，凯兰以他自己的激情回应了我的激情，并且很快我们的魔法在狂乱的能量漩涡中交织在一起。
tr	I	Then it became more defined , but it started as a slight rattling of the leaves .
tr	O	这让迪伦很困惑，但是他太感激从父亲的辱骂中获得的喘息，以至于没有去质疑它。
tr	I	Toby feared what he 'd done to his knee , and Frank wasn 't getting himself very far up off the ground anymore .
tr	O	我打开了门，并且他走了出去。
tr	O	她不在乎巫师，但是她觉得艾伦·里克曼很迷人。
tr	O	我想要更多，而且你永远不会给我。
tr	I	This was something he would not waver on , despite his attraction toward her and he took his faith very serious .
tr	O	天太黑了看不见，但是这给了她一些可以专注的东西。
tr	O	我几乎听不清那些词，但是我能听到和弦的进行。
tr	O	我炸飞了那个生物，并且他在我眼前化为灰烬，让那个人震惊不已。
tr	O	我试了你给我的前门密码，但是没有一个管用。
tr	O	我先问的，但是为了显示我的慷慨，我将同时回答你所有的问题。
tr	I	I deal now , and I just deal .
tr	O	我们走到楼梯一半，并且我意识到玛吉没和我们在一起。
tr	I	A Bug with yellow stripes on his carapace steps forward , but I don 't know what they 're saying .
tr	O	我的喉咙涌上一阵刺痛，但是我把它压了回去。
tr	O	光线在卡罗的眼皮后颤抖，并且她喘息着。
tr	O	埃文打开了灯，并且我滑上了床。
tr	O	你找到了一处远离尘嚣的宁静小美景，并且总有涂鸦艺术家准备破坏它。
tr	O	我看着她，并且她的眼睛眯了起来。
tr	I	He slowly lowered his arms and he must have noticed my reaction because his eyes darkened .
tr	O	我不觉得饿，但是我想要更多面包。
tr	O	活在过去毫无意义，并且它永远不会消失。
tr	O	我试着给他回电话，但是电话直接转到语音信箱了。
tr	O	乔治开始说再见，但是爱丽丝已经挂断了电话。
tr	I	Cole found himself being more vocal than usual , and her groans grew louder , less contained .
tr	I	She was no fool but his smile was deceptive .
tr	I	She threw it over the fence and Gunther nodded .
tr	I	I nodded , and said James .
tr	O	他曾有的一点点勇气已经消失了，而且面对多样性，他现在只是一个结巴的笨蛋。
tr	I	He was on me ... and I opened my mouth .
tr	I	Even when she was home during the summer , she never paid much attention to me , but Rachel was already in school .
tr	O	她全身的力气都泄掉了，并且她感到双肩一垮。
tr	O	他看着我的手指沿着他的前臂划过，并且他突然闪电般地抓住我的手。
tr	I	Hemp is in and for sure the cactus is out .
tr	I	Elijah gestures him to be quiet , but Danny is about to say something .
tr	O	从未想过同时体验溺亡、死亡、生存、飞翔，但是她现在却想了。
tr	I	It didn 't take long , but I thought for a moment .
tr	O	当我走近柜台时，我看到一个店主为蒂姆募款而摆出的罐子，并且我盯着它看。
tr	I	It shot us out from it at a lightning speed , but it didn 't burst .
tr	O	朱利安举起手，好像拿着一把枪，并且凯利也做了同样的事，朝他射出一颗假想的子弹。
tr	I	The paint dribbled from the bent container and Frank watched as the roll turned forward .
tr	O	我试图朝另一个方向挪动，但是那只会把我更紧地压向伊桑。
tr	I	The ceilings were solid concrete , and there was one main staircase going down , with others branching off into the base .
tr	I	I can 't read anyone , and it 's the very opposite of everything I 'm used to .
tr	I	She wondered if she might need her old inhaler again and her heart hammered against her ribs .
tr	I	Slowly , regretfully I release her and her hands rest on my chest .
tr	O	她有那种摇摇欲坠的感觉，想跳下去但又害怕跌落。
tr	I	His brother would punish him with the full force of the law , and it was illegal .
tr	O	我爱她，而且你知道。
tr	O	Grace转过身去，以为她会走开，但是艾莉站在原地没动。
tr	O	我知道我越界了，行为完全反常，但是威廉让我忘记了我是谁。
tr	O	凯什问，而且我笑了。
tr	I	He finished the whole cup in one go and Pearl leaned over with the water glass .
tr	O	他的身体被汗水覆盖，并且他开始抽搐。
tr	O	他的胃翻腾着，并且他短暂地感到头晕。
tr	I	His hair was hidden in a ridiculous looking feathered hat and he was painfully thin .
tr	O	她不是故意要吼的，但是声音就是那样发出来的。
tr	O	你在挣扎着想告诉我什么，并且我凑近了听你说话。
tr	I	The fact that she wasn 't in the computer didn 't , but that the car hadn 't raised a red flag surprised her .
tr	O	我的目光滑向了她，但是随后阿波罗向前迈了一步，打破了队形。
tr	I	The long walk had felt good and the cold air had revived him .
tr	I	He 's just choosing to ignore my brother or Piers points at Rian although Rian seems to have his mind wandering elsewhere .
tr	I	Jake settled on telling one last story that half the group hadn 't heard , and the night was getting to be late .
tr	I	She looked tired , and she was hungry .
tr	O	吻戛然而止，并且杰克也笑了。
tr	O	我的肺在向我乞求空气，但是我却不知怎的找到了回应的方式。
tr	I	She hadn 't finished her one glass of wine and it hadn 't been touched .
tr	I	She honestly didn 't know why she 'd searched him out and Alana hadn 't really remembered the drive to Chandler 's house .
tr	I	We were pushed into a car parked on the side of the road and I felt a huge crunch as the kidnapper 's car swerved into us .
tr	O	这匹马有一颗金子般的心，并且现在他正沿着一条通往毁灭的可怕道路前进。
tr	I	He cautiously nodded his head and Tom 's jaw went slack .
tr	O	我的舞伴走向了酒吧，并且当我经过他的伙伴们时，他们向我示意。
tr	I	All the blood suddenly rushed to her cheeks , and were the words that spilled from her lips .
tr	I	It wasn 't Declan 's and this wasn 't her apartment .
tr	I	It may have been static or she may have laughed .
tr	O	我猜把手伸进去是一码事，但是把我的身体弄进屋子则是另一回事。
tr	I	There was a faint scar parting his hair just above his left temple , but she hadn 't noticed before .
tr	O	外表上她看起来很平静，但是她病了，努力压制住那股让她恶心的反胃感。
tr	O	我们必须与加里保持联系，或者我们就会变得脆弱。
tr	I	I lean into the turn , zipping past the last monorail station and the highway curves around the lake .
tr	I	I didn 't see Vlad 's face through the flames , but he 'd been burned to death , which I expected .
tr	O	她知道她本应该抵抗的，但是不知怎的，她发现自己无能为力。
tr	I	I turned back to Beth 's car , and a flash of movement caught my eye .
tr	I	Your mind was sound , but your body was dead .
tr	I	He knew I did and while Nina might not remember anything of the recent past , he did .
tr	O	它确实把石头击碎了，就像它们不过是沙子一样，但是它没有碰到他。
tr	O	这个女人可能是卢克的妹妹，但是她对克莱瑞来说仍然是一个陌生人。
tr	I	An agonized breath escaped him , and his hands clenched into fists .
tr	O	她在上台阶时绊了一下，并且科马克抓住了她的胳膊肘以稳住她。
tr	O	我是一个学习慢的人，但是它最终被我理解了。
tr	O	我试图收回我的手，但是瑞姆抓住了它。
tr	I	She watched as they brought their heads to the invisible floor , and they lowered to the ground in a single formation .
tr	O	血液等于力量，而且我不怕流血来获得力量。
tr	I	She had a tendency to be just a bit erratic , but we all loved her , of course .
tr	O	墙壁正在逼近，而且我甚至不明白为什么。
tr	I	I had to hold back a laugh and he looked at her with a sudden adoration .
tr	I	I wanted to know what Victor would say , but I didn 't like Sanctuary either , even though my knowledge was only of a few areas .
tr	I	Heat emanates from every inch of his body , and he smells like smoke .
tr	I	It looked just like any other room , but I don 't know what I expected .
tr	O	她确实抓住了每一个机会与查理运用她的智力，而且他终于在一个晚上受够了。
tr	O	她应该坐下，但是她质疑自己选择待在那里的决定。
tr	I	She had asked , but his heart ached .
tr	O	传来一声巨大的轰鸣，而且沃克的脚将另一个被俘者猛地砸向了洞穴地面。
tr	O	生活有了一种超现实的感觉，而且我为了应对而变得麻木了。
tr	I	That didn 't stop him from wanting to impress her , but he knew she wasn 't interested in him .
tr	O	我再次伸出手去触摸他，但是我的手只是穿过了他的肩膀。
tr	O	我知道招生办公室已经向更多毕业生开放了，而且我知道莎拉已经申请了。
tr	I	I am an odd and you are an even .
tr	O	我坐在那里，眼睛睁得大大的，嘴巴也张着，专注地聆听着。
tr	O	她的背部在抗议，并且每一块肌肉都渴望一个热水澡。
tr	I	Now he was tugging at it with his gloved right hand , and he had a black silk cord tied around his left forearm .
tr	I	He didn 't elaborate , but I said , startled .
tr	I	Certainly not a female 's , and I didn 't see another print .
tr	O	她曾是他的女人，并且他想和她再有一次机会。
tr	I	He had been using it instinctively for the past couple minutes and he had a predator 's talent for concealment when he chose to use it .
tr	I	She wrenched away , and panic infused her .
tr	O	她心疼他，但是她现在不能松懈。
tr	O	那是她这次冒险的全部意义，并且她对她的成功努力感到非常满意。
tr	O	我买得很便宜，并且现在我知道为什么了。
tr	I	He quickly enveloped me in his strong arms , but I tried to turn away .
tr	I	She knew he was looking at Kellan , and his voice turned away from her then .
tr	O	它们的水晶状前端部分是同步的，并且四艘飞船的舰桥快速交换了计划。
tr	I	Her fingers curled into his back and he pushed again .
tr	I	He was more than willing to pay for his groceries but he may have designs on the universe .
tr	O	他发现了如此多的星星，但是他很少公开邀功。
tr	I	She couldn 't bring herself to move , but it was making her head throb more .
tr	I	They couldn 't make it infect our clear cells , but they already had the base form of the virus .
tr	I	We die and we bleed .
tr	I	She was there before he arrived , and he called Paulette .
tr	I	He would act like one and in his mind he was a God .
tr	I	I couldn 't let fear rule me now , and although I regretted it even as I did it , this was still part of the plan .
tr	I	I just roll my eyes at him , but he waits for me to slump over .
tr	I	Soon enough they were both on their feet , and Casey took it .
tr	I	I had never said we were exclusive and this made me feel better because Nancy .
tr	I	I dared to let myself hope and a flicker lit inside of me .
tr	I	He understood that it wasn 't easy for me , and he knew what I had just done .
tr	I	I 've heard about his operations out on the Edge , but he may come at you .
tr	O	无论他们意图如何，莎伊都处于危险之中，并且那是唯一重要的。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure if I did , but I hurt myself to hide it from him .
tr	I	I took it bravely , but it hurt a lot .
tr	O	我从未活在童话故事里，并且现在开始也没有意义。
tr	O	她大声回答他，但是她知道他能听到她心中的声音。
tr	I	They had to pull him away so they could work on her , and he performed CPR until the medics arrived .
tr	O	泪水充满了塞琳娜的眼睛，并且她用手背抹去它们。
tr	O	她坐在俯瞰河流的长椅上，但是阻止他前进的是她并非独身一人这个事实。
tr	O	我现在能看到这条路了，并且这条路也不太长。
tr	I	He was a different kind of man , but Danny was starting to cry , for such a big man as Danny it was a rarity .
tr	I	I thought I knew where they were and I was sure that he had two cameras in the room .
tr	I	She had no appetite , but Michelle tried to eat .
tr	O	我们进入了另一个房间，但是这个不同。
tr	O	这看起来很有可能，但是它是怎么制作的？
tr	I	She didn 't see anyone who remotely resembled Cole , but reluctantly , Robin continued to scan the diners .
tr	O	他笑了，并且他的笑容里带着明显的挑战。
tr	I	Then Axel gave a sharp nod , and there was a momentary pause .
tr	O	威拉德退出了，并且奥森瘫倒在水中。
tr	O	克里克特羞愧地看了我一眼，但是我给了他一个鼓励的微笑。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是你知道。
tr	I	At least he knew the old crew remained as afraid of fire as he was , but well , he hadn 't finished off the bastard .
tr	O	一架拦截机是一个重要的战利品，而且我们还烧毁了他们的滨水区。
tr	O	她的眼睛是干的，但是他有一种奇怪的感觉，觉得她快哭了。
tr	O	本能控制了我，并且一种想要离开的强烈冲动使我无法抵抗。
tr	O	办公室很小，并且如果他在那里时情况更愉快的话，它会很舒适。
tr	I	It was almost finished , but she knew she couldn 't do that yet , still had the departure of the more important guests to get through .
tr	O	凯莉又后退了一步，但是那个问题在她来不及阻止前就已经脱口而出。
tr	I	She felt uncomfortably warm , but her head was clearing .
tr	O	他发出一声低低的笑声，并且那笑声让一股寒意穿透我的身体，盘旋进我的胃里，向下迸发热量。
tr	I	She was studying instead of partying , and it was Friday night .
tr	O	她的姿态很坚决，但是她的眼神却带着担忧。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁开了，并且她以为在他闭眼时看到他脸上的平静消失了。
tr	I	It was sparsely decorated , and it was huge , with walls of exposed red brick .
tr	I	It has always profoundly damaged some of them , but in other words , war changes every soldier .
tr	I	Lisbeth cautiously took a seat , and I gestured towards my bed .
tr	I	With a sudden rush of acceleration she was shooting up toward the iron stalactites , and she tilted the black tip all the way down .
tr	I	I scramble backward to get away from him , and I catch him in the face with an elbow of my own that forces him upward .
tr	O	他所有的队友都只想看到一个吻，但是瑞安却忍不住先用拇指的指腹轻抚她的饱满下唇。
tr	O	我一听到身体碰撞的声音，身上的重压就消失了，并且掐住我喉咙的手指也松开了。
tr	I	That was how we both wanted it , and this was about sex , not love .
tr	O	他的上级可能赞扬了他的正直，但是他在局里的同事就是受不了任何会告发自己全家的人。
tr	I	He had reluctantly gone recruiting back East and he had been under pressure by his Board of Directors to diversify his staff .
tr	O	肖恩我正抱着科尔，但是我什么也没抱着。
tr	I	They tingled to life gradually and he moved them a bit .
tr	I	She did not move to wipe them away , and tears rolled down her face .
tr	O	巡洋舰的后部因额外的重量而略微下沉，但是他们设法把所有东西都装好了。
tr	O	我一直认为罗莎的所有房子都是丑陋的垃圾堆，但是它们在阳光下看起来几乎很可爱。
tr	I	She caught a glimpse of Drew slugging him in the arm and he walked over to the guys .
tr	O	这是我的起点，并且我拒绝再浪费一刻。
tr	I	All the oxygen sucked from the room , and her lips met his .
tr	O	凯文瞥了一眼墙上的火把，并且他开始点燃。
tr	O	佐克立刻回到她身边，但是厄里斯转过身去。
tr	I	She grabbed on to his shoulders and his tongue slid into her mouth .
tr	I	When full it went into the fire , and these they dropped into his collapsible cup .
tr	I	The Gunship took off , leaving us in solitude and once we were all safely on the ground , the cable raised .
tr	I	Most of all , it left her in peace , but it left her breathless with the shock of eroticism .
tr	O	她的头以一个不舒服的角度歪着，并且一道巨大的瘀伤正在她的下巴上形成。
tr	O	我们没有钱做任何昂贵的事情，但是我们预订了在康沃尔为期三天的周中假期。
tr	O	从高处传来的苍白脸色对下面的人没有表现出任何鼓励，但是双方都明白下雨是一个明显的可能性。
tr	I	Tavi whipped his eyes upward , and Fade shouted suddenly .
tr	I	You 'll be in real trouble and if you do I 'll tell Lucas .
tr	I	It was fast becoming impossible to separate the good guys from the bad , and Times were changing to be sure .
tr	O	她知道在体力方面，她根本不是他们的对手，但是她会战斗到底。
tr	O	她根本无法与他们对抗，但是她并不害怕。
tr	O	也许他很鲁莽，但是他看起来却很有能力。
tr	I	He led her into his treatment room and Paco 's wife , Alba , took Kia off to play .
tr	I	It 's been running a competition and the company 's celebrating its anniversary .
tr	O	我感觉到她的身体放松，并且她的呼吸沉入睡眠。
tr	I	I stood there in shock , and Sasha 's words turned a light on inside my head .
tr	O	将她用力推抵到门上，并且拉扯着他牛仔裤的开口。
tr	O	我等着他把这句话一笑置之，但是他却没有。
tr	O	他把我拉向他，我的背抵着他的胸膛，并且他用手臂环住我。
tr	I	We both peered around for our next move , and the Alchemists hadn 't followed us out yet .
tr	O	那个早上开跑车的女孩知道我在看她，但是我却觉得她并不是很在意。
tr	I	She still packs power on those fists of hers , but Specter may not have the same power as me .
tr	O	我看到灯光，并且当它们闪烁时我能将它们组合在一起。
tr	O	他爱她胜过他生命中的一切，但是内心却感到冰冷。
tr	O	周围没有其他车辆，并且为此，她松了口气。
tr	I	Leather doesn 't last forever , but these took longer to burn .
tr	O	火已经生好了，并且帐篷也搭在了后面的小山谷里。
tr	O	这些衣服已成为我的战斗装备，并且我永久地穿着它们。
tr	I	The other shook uncontrollably , and one of his hands held a gob of red , raw meat laced with Benadryl .
tr	O	反正她也没有别的地方可去，而且这也不是她第一次待到很晚了。
tr	I	It 's not an insulted movement , but he stiffens at the challenge in my words , in my eyes .
tr	I	His jeans stretched taut over a nicely filled out backside , and he placed his beneath hers , tidying .
tr	O	他知道这一切，并且他还是做了。
tr	O	她跑过去，抱住了但丁的脖子。
tr	I	The Shades moved toward us , and she started to turn away .
tr	O	他右边的太阳穴上有一个小洞，并且他的后脑勺有一个很大的出口创。
tr	O	他大约一个小时都没跟我说话，并且接着他说我们“没事”了。
tr	O	他们是人类，但是他们很受喜爱。
tr	O	他可能把我从西莱斯特身边分开了，这样他就可以单独审问我们，但是他也把我扔进了尼莎旁边的牢房。
tr	I	She glanced at the screen , and Astrid 's cell phone rang .
tr	I	Her hands were linked tightly together , and her legs were curled beneath her .
tr	I	She refused to take it , but he reached out his hand .
tr	I	Jenny put one of her hands on my shoulder and I stepped towards him .
tr	I	That day he introduced us as her mother carried her in her arms and Danica is younger .
tr	O	步入式衣帽间的门开着，并且她朝里面偷看时，眉毛扬了起来。
tr	O	我在这个机场总有点像个局外人，但是现在我的神秘感像波特酒一样浓郁了。
tr	O	第十七章 他同意和芬一起走，但是迈拉在餐桌上给他的眼神让他因内疚而僵住了。
tr	I	His erection soften just a bit , and the look on her face as she read the screen made Dylan 's stomach fall .
tr	I	It 's hard to suppress it and I have too much .
tr	I	It felt like the middle of the night to Anne Marie but the f light from Paris had landed them back in Seattle midafternoon .
tr	O	我不确定我是否正在失去理智，但是我仍然努力像他说的那样待在原地。
tr	O	他被唤起了，并且我朝他嘴里呻吟着，那声音在我情欲的迷蒙中几乎未被察觉。
tr	O	他至少本可以给她那么多，并且回想起来，他知道那本可以实现。
tr	I	The room erupted in noise , and now he let them speak .
tr	O	剧痛窜上她的背部，并且她的腿感到麻痹。
tr	O	她本该让他停下，但是感觉像天堂。
tr	I	Right now I couldn 't have squeezed a drop from it , but back on the Surface , it would take twenty minutes to dry my hair .
tr	O	苏西看起来仍然真诚，但是她正充满热情地挥舞着那把大锤。
tr	O	疼痛让我全身颤栗，并且我蜷缩起来。
tr	O	床上的身影尖叫着坐了起来，并且就在他们起身时，我看到灯光落在一道熟悉的粉色条纹上。
tr	I	I relaxed and it was a long one .
tr	O	艾琳允许我把所有东西都留在农舍里一个废弃的储藏室里，而且她甚至还给了我一把锁。
tr	I	I smile back and he nods at me .
tr	O	她从未有过任何形式的亲密关系，除了和她的母亲，并且她并不真的想陷入一场没有爱情的婚姻。
tr	I	His eyes were beginning to take on a sunken look , and his skin was wrinkling slightly , especially around the lips .
tr	I	I don 't , but I wish I knew how to tap into my creative source whenever I wanted .
tr	I	The Daemon appeared to swell , and as it sunk in , the white metal seemed to pulse .
tr	I	Frustration boiled inside me , threatening to burst the last ounce of self-control I had left , and my face grew hot .
tr	I	He relaxed his own grip just enough that she could breathe , and she locked both hands around his wrist to support her weight .
tr	O	我咯咯地笑了，并且其他人也跟着笑了。
tr	I	We 'll never see the light of day again , and she 'll just call us enemies of the state .
tr	O	他看着我，并且他的眼神变得柔和了。
tr	I	I nod my head and I look over to Hunter who 's watching me .
tr	I	I knew the Death Walker was coming after us , and a cold breeze rushed up against the back of my legs .
tr	I	Yet they stare at me like I 'm their last hope for survival , and my parents ' expressions are so worn .
tr	I	That didn 't matter since all the unicorns called him ' Stumpy ' , but his name was William .
tr	O	贝克终于笑了，并且贾克斯也稍微放松了。
tr	O	他们的服务员选择在那时送上他们的沙拉，并且她等他离开后才回答。
tr	O	我知道那一点，并且那永远是真的。
tr	I	Free rent was certainly nothing to be scoffed at , but I didn 't want to live down there .
tr	I	I needed something , but I knew it was a stupid way to cope with my despair .
tr	O	瞭望员尽力了，但是太阳角度很差。
tr	I	He didn 't , but she waited for him to continue .
tr	O	我知道我该做什么，并且我知道我该去哪里。
tr	I	You 'll be fine and Just don 't be a moron .
tr	O	他瞥了她一眼，并且她立刻看到了他脑中飞速掠过的淫邪念头。
tr	O	灵魂深处的跳动变得更强了，并且一股力量感弥漫在空气中。
tr	O	这其中有些不对劲，但是他却说不出是哪里不对。
tr	I	Perhaps there was some secret in its original pages that would help me find her , and the story was somehow connected to my muse .
tr	I	She wasn 't certain Nicolae ever would , but she had accepted it as a fact .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她的手紧握着包，指节泛白。
tr	I	I grinned at him and he took the cup away .
tr	I	She woke up with a gasp , her body bathed in cold sweat , and Aunt Norah 's voice eventually reached Mairi through her nightmares .
tr	O	她把脸转向他的肩膀，并且简试图弄明白她将如何与狼人一起生存下去。
tr	I	It sprays in an arc and I kick at the water .
tr	O	他们看到了蒂尔登发生了什么，并且他们担心自己可能是下一个。
tr	I	Colin damned well wanted to know what it was and she 'd shared something with Royce in her chalet .
tr	O	他曾说他的办公室在奥克兰，但是他今天在旧金山有一个会议。
tr	O	自离开山谷以来，他们一直稳步向北行进，并且山脉变成了覆盖着石南花的丘陵。
tr	O	汉德利和她一起住了两年半，并且汉德利比任何人都了解她。
tr	O	这并不是没有付出努力，而且我能看到他的脸有点苍白。
tr	I	They 'd been working outside with each other for hours , and he couldn 't have said even a hundred words to her today .
tr	O	她坐得更直了，深吸一口气问服务员。
tr	I	It must have been more than a minute , but Emma didn 't know how long she stood in the doorway , still holding the remote .
tr	I	He was determined to make this the most incredible experience possible , and he knew that this was her first time with a man .
tr	O	你只能被打败，并且你太骄傲了，绝不会输。
tr	O	她知道自己是怎么回事，并且这和来自遥远星系的朋友们没有任何关系。
tr	O	我将是你的俘虏，但是你肯定也是我的。
tr	O	她说，并且我笑。
tr	O	蒂克有一种可怕的感觉，他已经知道了答案，但是他还是问了。
tr	O	他的勃起瞬间又长了几英寸，并且他的心率在她身下加速了。
tr	I	She was very enthusiastic when they were happy and she was almost bleeding like the main characters .
tr	I	I doubt the guy will try anything again tonight and there 's only a few hours till daylight .
tr	I	We had better luck with the soldiers , but we had lost a good many slaves .
tr	I	It would die of shock , but its wounds were not deep .
tr	O	我可能正在犯一个巨大的错误，但是我还认为他太有价值了，不能杀。
tr	O	大门砰地一声关上了，并且传来一声咔嗒声，好像有无形的手扔了一个门闩。
tr	I	I just can 't go back , not yet , but I know they 're probably burning the house down even as we speak .
tr	O	天空已经灰暗了两天，但是现在巨大的雪花正在落下。
tr	O	他以比平时更缺乏策略的方式磕磕绊绊地完成了他的演讲，然而掌声似乎过于热烈了。
tr	I	Then he raised his head so that his face was very close to mine , and I felt a reluctant smile touch his mouth then .
tr	I	He was a good Dom , and the guy was called Gabe .
tr	O	在这个被称为大厅的巨大房间里有大约六十个吸血鬼，并且他们看着现在正进入的这群人。
tr	O	有一会儿窃窃私语，并且随后艾莉莎的声音又传来了。
tr	I	Smear samples were taken and Drug detector dogs walked their noses over them .
tr	O	这不是给安妮·玛丽的，但是她不能告诉艾伦这件事。
tr	O	我没告诉你，并且他们太尊重我了，以至于不愿谈论此事。
tr	I	When she did it was only about when they were kids , and Emily hardly ever talked about him .
tr	O	崔维斯十五岁了，但是他是个好孩子。
tr	I	That was what the story called for , but Forest was an alien concept to Astrid .
tr	O	他的攻击是冲着艾林脖子去的，但是那个年轻人像蛇一样移动。
tr	O	她不轻易作呕，但是他正在挑战她的极限。
tr	I	The droplet disappear and as the boy was getting ready to suck the bead , he received a blow on his back , making him fall .
tr	I	I guess I should say sorry , and he 's glancing at me as we pull away smoothly into the traffic .
tr	I	She didn 't ask but I could tell Brielle was wondering why I didn 't have homework .
tr	O	我忘了她只来过我的卧室一次，并且那次是她把我烂醉如泥地从俱乐部带回了家。
tr	O	他爬上了雕像，并且我们设法挤进了树后面。
tr	I	Being a Warden , he was a lot more mature than most human guys his age , but Zayne was only four years older than me .
tr	O	我喜欢试着让他和我一起走，但是妈妈说那些小腿走到车那里还很远。
tr	I	Rachel started the autopsy of the enemy soldiers and Jeffery also decided to leave the medical bay .
tr	I	She sat in one of the old swings , almost wishing she could be a little girl again , and Memories of her childhood crowded her mind .
tr	I	He said ' we 'd discuss it later ' , and I thought he was going to blow a fuse .
tr	O	他的语气很坚定，但是音量比格温喜欢的要弱。
tr	I	Michael is two and Katie is four .
tr	O	他感到眼睛后面有种最陌生的刺痛感，并且他终于知道了想哭的感觉是什么样的。
tr	O	男人们会交谈，要求通过的报酬，并且一家人会安然无恙地通过。
tr	O	弗朗西丝站得太远听不到他们的对话，但是她注意到艾格尼丝对他说的每一个字都全神贯注。
tr	I	I don 't think you understand yet that you 're holding all the damn cards , sweet girl , but you 're worried about getting hurt .
tr	I	A peculiar weight prevented him , but he tried to lift his head .
tr	I	She took a quick sip and he handed her the cup .
tr	I	I knew I was going to be sick , and my stomach heaved .
tr	O	金开始说话，但是杰克挥手示意她别说。
tr	O	四周一片漆黑，并且萨玛拉继续对抗恐慌的冲动。
tr	I	That 's why Maureen stops talking and they must have heard the noise .
tr	O	这些启示太突然了，并且这一切都与他有关。
tr	O	他不知道她的意图，但是他会看看事情如何发展。
tr	O	他朝我咧嘴一笑，并且我想知道我是不是也在那张照片里和他在一起。
tr	I	She glanced down and she frowned ... until her toes brushed something soft .
tr	I	It was not my desire to do so , but it was in my power .
tr	O	他轻抚着女人的光裸手臂，并且她正仰头对他微笑，身体向他靠近。
tr	I	Her eyes widened and her mouth fell open .
tr	I	We continued along the porch as she introduced the rest of her guests , and Dara handed me a glass of lemonade .
tr	O	他伸出手，并且她把钥匙给了他。
tr	O	没过多久她的小胃就再也无法承受任何食物了，并且它排斥了已经吃下去的量。
tr	O	我望向窗外，并且雪正轻轻地飘落。
tr	I	It was still too hot to sleep , but the night brought a light breeze from the Gulf to cool her heated skin .
tr	I	The inhabitants described as a motley crew gathered from all corners of the universe and the world was very militaristic .
tr	O	我们俩都将再次经历这一切，并且我不知道我们是否足够坚强去承受它。
tr	O	我被绑在担架上，并且他们正推着我走向那个有大型扫描仪的房间。
tr	I	The little boy was pressed tightly against the wall and he looked back at Zeus .
tr	O	莉亚滑向一旁，但是佩顿没有允许。
tr	O	它温暖了她的脸，并且她醒了，眼睛看着他。
tr	O	长矛划破了厚重而死寂的沉默，并且索尔能感觉到数百双眼睛盯着它。
tr	I	The Queen was called to his side , and one day , during the Final Battle , the King was struck by an arrow .
tr	O	这次实验显然是失败的，并且因此造成了人员死亡。
tr	O	尽管她多么想相信自己的希望，但有个声音告诉她她错了，德斯蒙德是对的，并且一切确实都变了。
tr	I	He handed it over and her fingers beckoned for the paper .
tr	I	The way his eyes kept a hooded stare on her made her heart leap , but none of what Philip was saying sparked any alarms .
tr	I	Dax hands it back to me , and the transfer happens almost instantly .
tr	O	二十分钟过去了，并且他们仍然一无所获。
tr	I	She continued to shake it off , but it was one of those low-frequency feelings that begs investigation .
tr	I	He didn 't dare turn around , and he couldn 't unlock the door without turning around .
tr	O	那是卑鄙的一击，但是我摆脱了内疚。
tr	I	The eyes were still wild in almost uncontrolled fury but the barrel of the weapon lowered slightly .
tr	O	时钟在倒计时，并且没有替补队员出现。
tr	O	他把我拉向他，并且我叹了口气，立刻融入了他身体的温暖。
tr	O	听起来她一定认识杰克有一段时间了，但是我不好意思问。
tr	O	我听说那些粉丝在医院露台骚扰丹，但是我从未真正看到他身边有任何粉丝。
tr	O	警笛声现在更近了，并且人群开始聚集。
tr	I	We cuddled on the couch to watch TV and after Denny left , Kellan grabbed my hand .
tr	O	我生命中一些最美好的回忆是在这里留下的，并且我不知怎的想让你成为它的一部分。
tr	I	There are a couple of armchairs facing a TV and a quilt is draped over the back of a couch .
tr	I	His gestures were quite tempting , and it had been so long since I had had the pleasures of a man .
tr	I	He was not better than me either but I had so much to improve .
tr	O	他放学最后一天正走回家，并且一群足球运动员开着卡车过来了。
tr	O	我挽着齐克的胳膊，并且我们迅速穿过贾斯珀的地下室。
tr	O	差异微乎其微，但是它确实存在。
tr	O	他发誓他能从人们眼中读出真相，但是他在她身上肯定看走眼了。
tr	O	我看到你看着我的样子，而且你不会那样看她。
tr	O	兔子不动，并且它不再咆哮了。
tr	I	They resided in Romania , and they were almost 2000 years old .
tr	I	She did not care , but he was not happy .
tr	O	不幸的是，阿德里安娜一直看着那张照片，而且随后又是一段漫长而拖沓的沉默。
tr	I	Still it seemed to define him and he 'd worked hard to make up for that one little deficiency .
tr	I	They seem to be able to cope , and lots of people have lived through all sorts of horrible experiences .
tr	I	To his credit , Chris did not back down , but Devon glared fiercely at him .
tr	O	我伸出手去握手，但是他反而把我拉进了一个熊抱。
tr	I	I can 't go because I have no limbs but we 're supposed to have a date .
tr	O	任务基本上已经结束了，而且我感觉自己像个多余的人。
tr	I	She couldn 't stop any of them , but one dumb question after another kept falling from her lips .
tr	O	艾斯林先接了我，并且我们接着去接了莎拉。
tr	I	The idea of Gina blaming him for something was infuriating , but he tried to remain silent .
tr	O	也许他会出于某种错误的保护本能而带走康纳，但是我并不指望他会过夜。
tr	I	I skip after him , excited , and I have a present for you .
tr	I	Her eyes were on him and Dahlia 's head suddenly turned .
tr	O	我们的谈话转到了篮球，而且我们开始交换关于大赛的故事。
tr	I	I lost track of the ball and a pain in my side matched the pain in my arm .
tr	O	科尔转身，并且我跟着他走到门口。
tr	I	I looked down and I felt a warm trickle of something on my chest .
tr	I	The bell ringed and once the seconds were out , the referee stepped in .
tr	I	They listened and they stopped .
tr	I	He saw the knowledge in her eyes , but Veronica looked at him , startled .
tr	I	Something smells delicious and the oven is on .
tr	I	If he didn 't get some relief soon he was going to combust and he 'd been fantasizing about Savannah for far too long .
tr	I	He groaned and she rubbed her thigh over his engorged manhood .
tr	I	I felt myself begin to shiver and we walked outside into the freezing air .
tr	O	他是真的，并且他在那里。
tr	O	暗示的力量相当强大，并且他们巧妙地运用它。
tr	I	I added an addendum , but she opened her mouth .
tr	O	他的目光再次扫过我的身体，并且他皱起了眉。
tr	I	It felt so real , but I knew it was just an envious fantasy that I 'd concocted in my head .
tr	O	他的嘴唇恶意地弯曲着，并且他向我敬了个小礼，这时电话第三次响了。
tr	O	外表形象是那个陌生人，但是下面却是玛雅。
tr	O	我撕开包装纸，并且熟悉的瓶盖映入眼帘。
tr	I	You want to spend $ 350 per account and Options Mania , in their yearly report has a $ 300 acquisition cost per account ?
tr	O	普雷斯顿的头垂着，并且他盯着地板。
tr	I	His eyes are wide , but his frown is still in place .
tr	O	他舔了我，并且我不由自主地抽动了一下。
tr	I	I couldn 't fall for him , but I could have fun with Chase .
tr	I	Jules ' car wasn 't there and I went around back .
tr	O	这三人仅仅经受了半小时的规章，但是裂痕早已显露无疑。
tr	I	She 's too polite to say it , but Lily thinks so too .
tr	I	It takes a second to remember where I am and my eyes open .
tr	O	他们绕过了一道树篱，并且塞蕾娜在看到前方路上等待着的东西时，翻了个白眼。
tr	I	She got up to turn on the overhead light and the evening was darkening .
tr	O	她的名字是妮可，并且她是阿登一生的挚爱。
tr	O	他甩了甩手腕，但是那个女孩紧抓不放。
tr	O	在飘渺的远方，他能听到叫喊声，但是泰发现他无法动弹。
tr	I	He let her go and Ethan screamed .
tr	O	我同意了，并且她咯咯地笑了。
tr	I	Just call it intuition if you wish , but I have no real proof .
tr	O	我已经走了很长一段路，这时我才意识到费德在我身后，但是我没有停下来质问他。
tr	I	The rest of that afternoon was spent admiring the passing countryside , and our train had left Rome without incident .
tr	I	She was feeling groggy , and her head was throbbing , again .
tr	O	安吉拉和罗宾在同一个部门工作，并且多年来他们成了好朋友。
tr	I	I didn 't understand much of what he did , but Cal 's work as a consultant allowed him to work from home .
tr	I	I had and he still didn 't understand the relationship Cage .
tr	O	她曾是个好孩子，并且他为她的死感到难过。
tr	O	我们急匆匆地走进公寓，并且他一关上门，我们的嘴唇就吻上了。
tr	I	The large screen 's image vanished , and he then silently touched a few contacts on the keyboard to his right .
tr	O	我实际上挺为自己骄傲的，但是我并不打算泄露我所有的秘密。
tr	I	His face set hard , and he stood up again .
tr	O	随着一声湿漉漉的撕裂声，衬衫裂开了，并且她得以继续狂野地冲上斜坡。
tr	I	The audience was listening intently and the scene was going well .
tr	I	She didn 't care , because it was true , and warm tears ran down her cheeks now .
tr	I	It was time to focus on his mission and he had reached the flats .
tr	I	Everyone says he looks more like a beach bum , but Jack is an ER doctor .
tr	O	周围出奇地安静而静止，黑色的河流在满月微光的照耀下，静静地蜿蜒穿过明亮的雪景。
tr	O	我滑坐到椅子上，并且他们都看着我。
tr	I	I wanted to be off or I wanted to be on .
tr	O	他又告诉她要为戴夫做什么，但是她又拒绝了。
tr	O	他指了指一个木箱，并且她向他投去一个感激的眼神。
tr	I	Then anger boiled up inside , and I felt my cheeks blush .
tr	I	I froze and my jaw dropped open .
tr	O	幸运的是保罗不是那样的人，并且他的朋友们也不是。
tr	O	他关了灯，并且我把被子拉到我们头上。
tr	I	I found one and I searched the ground for a small stone .
tr	I	I felt the usual pull of being teleported to a location and I saw her dip into a curtsey before things went hazy .
tr	I	Colton began to sweat , even with the frigid air surging past him and Heat radiated from his skin .
tr	I	She had the feeling that he already knew where he was going but she gave him directions .
tr	I	She looked up , startled to see me and I knocked on the inside of the wall .
tr	O	天空上方是蔚蓝的珐琅色，并且尽管太阳刚刚在他们前方升起，空气却已经暖和宜人。
tr	O	他问过简·斯科特的病情，但是他的父母拒绝告诉他任何事情。
tr	I	She dropped the make-up brush she held and her hands started to shake .
tr	I	She lowered herself back to the floor and Paul placed his hand on her shoulder .
tr	I	I took it and an opportunity arose .
tr	O	卡车司机按响了喇叭，并且那辆巨型车辆愤怒地咆哮而去。
tr	I	Again I thought I heard birdsong , and the sound echoed across the lake .
tr	I	If you looked hard enough you could just make out Emma edging out of the left-hand side of the photo and there was a crowd of people .
tr	I	My body felt pricked by dozens of pins , but at least , he didn 't slow down .
tr	O	随着她继续讲下去，她的声音变得更洪亮，并且他看到人群被她的故事所吸引。
tr	O	她平静的气场动摇了，然而力量在她眼中闪耀。
tr	I	I sat quietly as Seth ordered our wine and we took our seats across from each other .
tr	I	I realized she wasn 't much older than I was , and she blushed .
tr	O	祖先们想要凯西，但是如果他们得不到她，他们就会尝试寻找其他人。
tr	I	He makes my loneliness bearable , and he 's the closest thing I have to a friend .
tr	I	I clutch my sword , ready to act and the sound freezes the blood in my veins .
tr	O	到处都是各行各业的人，而且我设法打到了一辆出租车去了华尔道夫酒店。
tr	O	肖恩其实开了一个小玩笑，而且鲁笑了起来。
tr	O	她可能傲慢到来，但是她还没笨到不加保护就去做。
tr	O	那是我的荒谬解释，并且我会坚持下去。
tr	I	It was a tight , very nervous laugh , but Ben laughed .
tr	O	无论比尔说什么，塔米最好照做，否则她就得向她交代。
tr	O	今晚我们在市中心打台球，而且我准备好要杀了基利安。
tr	I	They worked endlessly , and they didn 't have enough to eat .
tr	O	他们的嘴唇碰在了一起，并且他们的嘴巴张开了。
tr	O	奥斯汀看着灯火通明的货架，而且她的目光立刻被一个覆有糖霜的甜点吸引住了。
tr	O	吕西安感觉到了，并且一瞬间我就仰躺着，吕西安在我身上。
tr	I	They didn 't want to be childish , and because he thought their shows were childish .
tr	I	Neither did he , and I didn 't know anyone in this house .
tr	I	I coughed , and a cloud of dust rose up from the ground .
tr	O	杰瑞米和我外出的时候，其他人肯定已经开车离开了城市。
tr	O	我只是想给你一个助手，并且我建议你接受我的提议。
tr	O	也许这是被禁止的，但是站在旁边的保安似乎并不在意人们在做什么。
tr	I	He crouched down to wash a week 's worth of filth from him and it was waist deep .
tr	I	Then took my spot next to Becky , and I continued to wave , feeling awkward .
tr	O	要是威尔能和我沟通就好了，但是我现在没有他可以依靠。
tr	O	我扬起眉毛转向托尼，并且他向后靠在椅子上与我对视。
tr	O	我据称怀孕过很多次，并且费利克斯求婚过几次。
tr	O	是他甩了我，并且已经过去很多年了。
tr	I	No sound came from them , but her lips formed the words .
tr	O	他们登上了游艇，并且尼克把朱利安推向客厅里的一张沙发。
tr	I	Our feelings for each other are genuine , but I 'm sorry we 've gotten so off track together .
tr	I	She could not hear it , but all the world could hear Marius 's voice .
tr	I	He liked the feel of her beneath his arm while they watched an NBA game , but not so much the porch sitting .
tr	I	The crowd flocked in , and the doors were opened .
tr	O	我试图理解它，但是我没有被这种淡薄的感情所打动。
tr	O	贾德的鼻子断裂时，鲜血喷涌而出，并且贾德瘫倒在地，尖叫起来。
tr	O	他们会到达并且没有帮助可提供——至少不是在这辆车里。
tr	I	I 'm here to stay as well , and your mother 's done running , Chloe .
tr	I	He ran , and Jain yelled .
tr	I	The Freaks went down before him in great piles , and his rage manifested in every slash of his blades .
tr	I	He was instantly bereft , and her hands fell away .
tr	I	The conversations were easy and the food was excellent .
tr	O	那不是我能解释的事情，但是证据就在那里，真切得如同我已在纸上读过一样。
tr	O	肯向她保证事情会顺利解决，并且如果有问题，他们会在遇到时再解决。
tr	I	He entered her one more time , going as deeply as possible as he spilled himself into her womb and her name tore from his lips .
tr	O	塞缪尔已经起床和她一起吃了迟来的冷餐，并且然后他们就回到这里休息了。
tr	O	她无法解释但是他嘲笑她让她很生气。
tr	O	卡迈恩回望着，他们的目光只交汇了几秒钟，但是感觉在他的凝视下，仿佛过了一个世纪。
tr	I	There was a glimmer of realism about him , a practical man and however he appeared unpretentious .
tr	I	They 're saying shit about Riley , and the biker gang is there .
tr	O	这进展不顺利，并且他不喜欢这样。
tr	I	I had been there often and this was one of nature 's masterpieces .
tr	I	Now he knew why , and he 'd begun to recognize that although she was perfect on the surface , his Bride was wounded , scarred inside .
tr	I	Wulf knew each member of the security force that the Council had sent to protect Chris , but granted , the guards never remembered him .
tr	O	一声凶猛的咆哮从他口中逸出，并且那时他开始明白了。
tr	I	Brant had turned quiet , but she tried to make small talk .
tr	O	他迅速躲开，摇摇晃晃地更深入店里，并且他看到了他的袭击者。
tr	O	他的眼睛慢慢适应了眼前的景象，并且他突然坐起身，环顾四周。
tr	O	她沉默了一会儿，并且我转过头。
tr	I	I couldn 't look away either , but I couldn 't bear to watch .
tr	I	She managed a weak smile and I nodded .
tr	O	摸起来感觉像水，并且我想象这正在维持飞船内的空气。
tr	I	It has only been a couple of days and it seems like I have been here forever .
tr	O	她害怕，并且她需要他们吗？
tr	O	他只是很想让你知道他的故事，并且他也知道你也很想知道。
tr	O	下午时光飞逝，并且他想在天黑前离开。
tr	I	If he did , he hid it far better , or he didn 't seem to notice their ominous surroundings .
tr	I	I searched through my broken memory to find it , and I knew he 'd told me his name .
tr	O	阿米拉的裙子不适合骑马，但是礼仪是她最不关心的事情。
tr	I	The whiskey had sharpened it , and Hart had been working through pain .
tr	I	When I do have it , the people around me are happy , but the truth is that I have them so rare .
tr	O	凛冽的寒风驱散了浓雾，并且成千上万颗晶莹的星星以璀璨的光芒合唱团的形式倾泻着它们的光辉。
tr	O	曾有人尝试为小镇营造气氛，但是你一眼就能看出它是草草拼凑起来的。
tr	O	我试图抬起头，但是即使是那微小的努力也让我难以承受。
tr	I	The words made Sally cold and the sobbing made Sally sick .
tr	I	She didn 't argue further but Zoe stuck a pout on her lips .
tr	O	她不该去，但是，我理解她为什么那么做。
tr	O	疼痛在她的脸上炸开，并且她的鼻子开始喷血。
tr	O	我们紧密地靠在一起，并且我突然意识到他离我有多近。
tr	I	Even as she did so , a small smile was tugging at the corners of her soft mouth , but she read in earnest .
tr	O	镇上的警察相当宽容，但是如果他表现出任何骚扰游客的样子，他们就会发怒。
tr	I	It 'll also be a suicide mission , but it 'll be a freebie for you .
tr	O	人们本人通常看起来很棒，但是镜头在照片中并不总是能美化他们。
tr	O	对不起，伙计，但是他们不会的。
tr	O	这不是一个陡峭的下降，但是这需要谨慎。
tr	I	The sentries could just see movement through the leaves , and the vampires gathered beneath the canopy of the trees .
tr	I	Her mouth fel open , and Kylie looked at it .
tr	I	I prayed Orson wouldn 't see this cowboy riding so close to his cabin , and it was exhilarating .
tr	O	我又叹了口气，并且我们动身前往因弗内斯。
tr	O	他走开了，并且科琳脱下了她的羊毛开衫。
tr	O	我的大脑里一团糟，但是它就是……
tr	O	她知道他是什么意思，并且她不想要那一切。
tr	O	我的手臂火辣辣地疼着，但是恐惧驱走了疼痛。
tr	O	我们已经到了船边，而且他在我爬上船的时候盯着我。
tr	I	She didn 't , but he expected her to draw away from him in disdain .
tr	I	She kept walking toward the mirror , gauging her gait , and they didn 't look at Jolene .
tr	I	I slam the doors shut with a crash , and the cryo chambers thud back into place .
tr	I	I decide not to eat breakfast this morning because we were still full from dinner last night and Chapter 36 Day 32 Derrick .
tr	I	We 'd sometimes get shots for the whole afternoon and the tenant farmer would scare them up for us .
tr	I	With each reading more questions entered his mind , and Eben had read the letter at least a dozen times .
tr	I	It would start rolling away whenever he put his weight on it but Hunter tried to lift himself into it by grabbing onto the arms .
tr	O	那些小生物还在大声喧哗，但是我需要更多，如果我要干净利落地逃走的话。
tr	I	He pulls me into him , and his lips crash into mine with fervor .
tr	O	路上的车变少了，但是事故却比平时多。
tr	O	别告诉你哥哥我说了这话，但是卡森很帅。
tr	O	我正在努力做对的事情，并且我甚至不知道那到底是什么了。
tr	I	Then again confronting Hafiz directly might be beneficial , but he felt that he can 't win this battle with one attack .
tr	I	He shut the engine down again , and she asked as soon as they were in front of the house .
tr	O	隧道消失了，而且我的视力恢复了。
tr	O	显然他知道这个游戏怎么玩，并且他很擅长。
tr	I	Neither could be opened from the outside , and the first door would not unlatch if the second door was open .
tr	O	谈话内容主要是关于森林，以及他们归来后计划的不同狩猎。
tr	O	他们都会尝试，但是最终障碍会太大。
tr	I	I could be sure he 'd hint but he wouldn 't ask outright where I 'd found it .
tr	O	我想告诉她我永远不会离开，但是我清楚那是我无法兑现的一个承诺。
tr	O	他注定是她心中的Alpha，并且就是这样了。
tr	I	He shook it off , but his stomach sank with remembered dread .
tr	I	Elena was happy and Bonnie was safe .
tr	O	我知道我需要做什么，并且我有钱去做。
tr	I	She could see his cop brain at work , attempting to figure out all the angles and Mike narrowed his gaze .
tr	I	We all start filling our plates and I set the containers in the middle of the table .
tr	O	他年龄更大，也许八岁，但是他结实的体格已经预示了他未来会成为一个魁梧的男人。
tr	O	速度很慢，但是我们可能会找到她。
tr	I	She was right and she thought no one would believe me .
tr	O	还有更多要说的，但是现在太晚了。
tr	O	他回答道，并且他脸上的紧张消失了。
tr	O	她下了车，而且我照做了。
tr	O	查德的语气中充满了指责，而且阿拉娜皱起了眉。
tr	O	今天顾客不多，但是话说回来，从来就没有多过。
tr	O	我审视着她的眼睛，而且其中蕴含的痛苦刺痛了我。
tr	O	一只手放在我的臀部，但是另一只手他举过我的头顶，牢牢地按在墙上。
tr	I	Megan could not let her know where she was and she felt pain , thinking how her mom worried .
tr	I	He 'd long since given over to his demon , but darkness would have enveloped him completely .
tr	I	They were conversing with each other and everyone seemed to enjoy their dinner .
tr	O	它们吱吱作响，翅膀拍打着，像一首令人不安的合唱，令我毛骨悚然。
tr	I	Our chances of success have multiplied exponentially and get this right , the professional tradesman will tell us .
tr	I	Murphy had not had a very good night , and it was only seven a.m. .
tr	I	The selfish part of me was really hoping it wouldn 't , but I know how much she was hoping the exchange would work out .
tr	O	她很快就会死去，并且她再也见不到天日了。
tr	I	There were too many unknown factors involved , but Mia was thinking feverishly about a plan .
tr	O	他把头移开，并且我感觉到他的嘴巴靠近我的耳朵。
tr	I	I still ain 't sure if it feels right but which is true .
tr	O	突然房间感觉像个桑拿房，并且艾莉不得不出去。
tr	I	I was afraid to even move and the nerves were starting to get the best of me .
tr	O	我为你的损失感到抱歉，但是请不要再试图毁掉我的任何幸福。
tr	O	我关掉了车，并且我们都下车了。
tr	I	The irony that now cold was all he knew and he laughed when he remembered how much he hated the cold then .
tr	O	那只是一个草图，但是它必须是完美的。
tr	O	我因愉悦而叫出声来，但是这还不够。
tr	I	It 's echoed in the way he holds me , but the other reason is left unsaid .
tr	O	他的眉毛扬了起来，并且他的嘴巴张开了。
tr	O	我们在大厅坐下，并且德里克把发生的一切都告诉了他们。
tr	O	我想回去，但是我知道还为时过早。
tr	O	你来到我的住处还不够，但是你却用这些琐碎的无休止的请求让我感到疲惫。
tr	I	We all headed into the elevator , and he talked to the clerk at the desk .
tr	O	我想那时它们还有空间，但是宇宙已经更多地凝聚成一点了。
tr	I	I had probably pretended it anyway , but killer robotic cameras hadn 't been after me at the time .
tr	I	I startled , and Evan asked .
tr	O	卡尔看到他已经进入了非常严肃的模式，并且他迅速采取了行动。
tr	I	As Liz looked around , she could see why ... and Hilton Head had been touted as the Hamptons of the South .
tr	I	We were running , and Cole grabbed my hand .
tr	I	There was a glow that managed to show up beautiful vaulting in the roof above , but it was a big space , dark as soot .
tr	I	He pinched his fingers together and Mackenzie narrowed her eyes at him .
tr	I	There were definite patches missing , but I hadn 't lost it all .
tr	O	我相信了不该相信的人，而且现在更多的人死了。
tr	O	爸爸算不上什么诗人，但是每当他想和妈妈争吵时，那个小口号就会在他的脑海里挥之不去。
tr	I	I 'm glad I did , but I didn 't mean to read it .
tr	I	I lay still , trying to hear what he was saying and I heard him whispering .
tr	O	瑞安看着克莱尔，并且贾里德又猛地拉了他一下，要求他全神贯注。
tr	I	She nearly sighed an audible sound of relief , and the doorbell rang .
tr	O	他停下来听，但是驻军仍在沉睡。
tr	I	She frowned , and as she entered their home gym , her blue eyes caught her own image in the mirror .
tr	I	He was looking at me with a kind of distinctly male fascination and he leaned even closer .
tr	O	他为我准备了这份很棒的礼物，并且我开玩笑地告诉他他应该更经常送我礼物。
tr	O	他们四个人都穿好了新套装，并且他们从旁边的氧气罐呼吸。
tr	I	It was Sebastian 's face that was the most horrified , but Alexander 's face turned white .
tr	I	The conversation was iced , at least for a few minutes , and the guy frowned , as if this was completely unacceptable .
tr	O	枪声似乎回荡着，并且凯尔听到了一声遥远的哭喊。
tr	I	Then she shrugged , but when she glanced at Hanna , there was disgust in her eyes .
tr	I	Caroline had dropped into a nearby chair , but he stood in front of the fireplace , exactly where he 'd been before .
tr	O	他们俩又笑了，并且凯特微微脸红了。
tr	O	它的边缘因年代久远而磨损，并且墨水也开始褪色。
tr	I	They were all geeks though , but my co-workers seemed nice .
tr	O	她和那个男人差不多高，并且她知道自己在格洛丽亚旁边看起来完全无害。
tr	O	我不怕娜恩，但是我害怕她会对哈洛做什么。
tr	O	我试图平息我对这个年轻人日益增长的反感，但是自然的力量更加强大。
tr	O	山姆不确定是谁先迈出了第一步，但是这其实并不重要。
tr	I	He chooses to receive , and it lands on heads .
tr	O	这是一个女声，并且它正在我脑中回荡。
tr	I	She had to let him know it was okay , and it was the end of this particular love story .
tr	I	At least I 'd attempted to thank him , but there was a good chance he wouldn 't even get it .
tr	O	她跑了出去，并且我无法阻止她。
tr	O	事实上，布丽奇特和我相识已久。
tr	I	He was an escape for me , and I was an escape for him .
tr	O	我无法把目光从她身上移开，而且俱乐部的其他男人也移不开目光。
tr	I	Some secret part of me did ... but I shouldn 't have wanted that .
tr	O	他们等着，但是什么也没有发生。
tr	I	He jumped at the sound of her voice , and she blurted out .
tr	O	其他人一定相信她是无辜的，否则他们就不会相信她的骨头。
tr	O	还没有活人能驾驭她，并且以上帝为证，永远不会有男人能。
tr	O	我立刻打电话给凯特，但是她不在。
tr	I	Mother hushed him until she was blue in the face , and Father mentioned something about a project to me last night .
tr	O	这就是我大半辈子都在做的事，并且我能感觉到那些能让马特看起来不错的词语就在我嘴边。
tr	O	乔注意到三名司机每人配有两把左轮手枪，并且他问赛奇是否训练过他们使用这些枪。
tr	O	没人知道他的名字，也没有人知道他从何而来，也没有人知道他的职业。
tr	I	I was live streaming at the time and we had uploaded it all .
tr	O	她尽可能久地称病，但是最终她再也无法躲藏了。
tr	O	我听到了他，并且他听到了我。
tr	I	If everything worked out , the first flight crew would be complete , and he said that he would wait for the new pilot to arrive .
tr	O	她徒劳地试图向他保证她没事，但是他能看出她神经紧张。
tr	I	I 'm not even going to speculate , but WALTER : In a way it would be comforting to think so .
tr	I	I was happy to take him up on the offer , and Kiernan had volunteered to go in search of some lunch .
tr	O	他很好，但是我怎么能拿出他两万五千的最低聘金呢？
tr	I	I was grateful for the distraction , and the rush happened earlier than usual .
tr	O	我的眼泪堵住了喉咙，并且我强忍着痛苦把它们咽了下去。
tr	O	他呼喊着我，但是我脑海中却浮现出那些墙。
tr	O	他的直白让他自己都感到震惊，但是那就是他的真实感受。
tr	O	自政变以来，他一直不被允许进入宫殿，但是我们确信他们正在监视他的一举一动。
tr	O	卡塔利娜铺开了一条毯子坐下，并且孩子们在圆形大厅里跳着舞跑开了。
tr	O	她仍然不确定自己对洛根的感情，但是他们最终能友好相处似乎是正确的。
tr	O	索尔很惊讶在那里看到他，并且他才意识到埃尔登是真心想做朋友。
tr	I	It was getting to him , and he sensed the dark well of intensity in her .
tr	O	我看到那个瘾君子打开了他公寓的门，而且屏幕模糊了。
tr	O	第三章 亲吻娜迪亚就像圣诞节和他的生日合二为一。
tr	I	He never got to see him , but Nate had been left to sit for hours waiting for the detective 's return .
tr	I	It 's separate , yes , and you pour oil into water ?
tr	O	他已经下马，警惕着逼近的骚动，而且他的近身保镖们正在他周围形成一个圈，使他成为一个较小的目标。
tr	I	She 'd expected him to accept her invitation instantly and it was the first time she 'd made such an offer .
tr	O	我的心跳得很快，而且我的目光凝视着她。
tr	I	It didn 't come but he braced himself for Alan 's onslaught .
tr	O	我有一群几乎无法脱身的听众，而且我因为在与一把点38手枪的近距离接触中幸存下来而感到很来劲，所以我继续讲下去了。
tr	I	The audience could still hear him , but Potter lowered his voice a little .
tr	O	希望她能在日落前赶到家，而且她希望苏珊那时已经在那儿了。
tr	I	I feel charmed and the scent of him fills the air between us .
tr	O	只有现在拉斯特知道了，而且瑞秋希望拉斯特会保守这个秘密。
tr	O	它干掉了他们中的五个，但是最后一个在最后一刻用一个日元保护了自己。
tr	O	自从服务员把晚餐端上桌后，他一直在对我严加盘问，并且我感到心力交瘁。
tr	I	He was gazing up at Eva , and his eyes were open .
tr	I	He wasn 't trying to pull her wrist to him , and suddenly she realized that he wasn 't holding her as tightly .
tr	O	我张开嘴反驳她，但是否认的话语却死在我唇边。
tr	I	It 's all I could come up with , but I know it 's pretty far out there .
tr	O	她听到门开了，并且他们走进了走廊。
tr	O	我在那里，但是我没有举起剑。
tr	O	那是一个明目张胆的谎言，并且我希望我的扑克脸至少在昏暗的光线下能比基尔南的更好。
tr	O	我瞥向他的眼睛，并且他的眼神冰冷，危险。
tr	O	科尔感到警惕，但是他需要信息。
tr	O	它迅速生效，并且结果令人毛骨悚然。
tr	O	他们说一股冷锋将会到来，并且气温将再次降至七十度左右。
tr	O	他自己仔细地看了看伤疤，并且约翰惊讶地看着马克。
tr	O	她对此感到焦虑，并且她不知道为什么。
tr	I	I turned to face him , and he slid out then .
tr	O	他的眼睛瞪大了，并且他的脸煞白。
tr	I	Tears made her eyes shiny , but Jennifer didn 't speak .
tr	I	He almost changed his mind about meeting Hempel , and it pained him to see her so upset .
tr	O	那份旧有的恐惧仍在她心中挥之不去，并且巴尔萨泽知道那是他自己的错。
tr	I	She nodded and I asked .
tr	O	我反抗了，但是我无法阻止自己颤抖。
tr	I	I know that people age differently here , but she looks to be in her early thirties .
tr	O	一阵狂风将雪吹到她的脸上，并且她的眼睛被刺激得流泪。
tr	O	我以前从未那样想过，并且现在看来那是愚蠢的。
tr	O	太阳现在似乎热得令人难以忍受，并且他移到了阴凉处。
tr	I	They continued walking and the car beeped .
tr	O	它们与测试中心使用的武器毫无相似之处，但是光线是相同的。
tr	O	我们也需要补充自己，但是这更像是不得不吃饭。
tr	O	就像那时一样，前门被撞开了，并且她跑进了空房子。
tr	O	他们被迷住了，并且他知道这一点。
tr	I	Gunning us down won 't help 'em much , and all they can do is delay the pursuit .
tr	O	时钟从三十开始倒计时，并且学生区高喊着每个数字。
tr	I	I can see he 's thinking about it , but Adam glances at her , drives on .
tr	I	The food was heavenly , and I was starving .
tr	I	A lot can happen in a work area but we have metal detectors at the door .
tr	I	I bobbed my head , but the question threw me .
tr	O	他的肩膀塌了下来，并且他重重地叹了口气。
tr	O	洛基的眼睛猛地睁开了，并且西德尼笑了。
tr	I	We 're talking to her ghost , and that sounds like she 's dead .
tr	I	It 's the only thing that makes sense , but I hate thinking like that .
tr	O	我照了照镜子，但是我注意到的只有我眼中映出的空白、迷茫的表情。
tr	O	她至少可以说很成熟，并且谈吐得体，甚至博览群书。
tr	I	Lanette Glass was only one of many black teachers , and the public school system seemed to be functioning with little friction .
tr	O	我们搜查了房子，但是赛斯哪里都不在。
tr	O	鲜花从边桌上溢出，并且精细编织的地毯边缘也缀满了同样的花瓣。
tr	I	That wasn 't necessarily a bad thing , but while I was putting it together , it triggered a lot in me .
tr	O	他的手臂环绕着卡拉的肩膀，并且他正用指尖轻抚她的手臂。
tr	O	她什么也没说，但是那种眼神自他前一天第一次记忆闪现后就一直存在。
tr	O	我是那个一直推开他的傻瓜，并且他仍然想和我在一起。
tr	I	I could only assume that it was her , and I had no idea how old the picture was .
tr	I	I guess it doesn 't have to be , but it 's not fair .
tr	O	绝望涌上心头，并且她伸出手，把手放在树皮上。
tr	I	We sat in silence , his face expectant as he waited for me to continue , and I clenched my teeth together .
tr	I	An entry has to be at least five sentences and she wants us to write for the first eight minutes of class .
tr	O	我做梦也没想到他会对我表现出任何人类的同情心，然而它就在眼前。
tr	O	阳光从他们上方的一扇宽大窗户倾泻而入，并且他们意识到当时仍是中午。
tr	I	I wasn 't complaining if it had hot running water but it was small .
tr	I	Her eyes say she doesn 't mean it , but she gives a slight nod .
tr	O	有人想要杀死我们所有人，而且我们不知道是谁。
tr	I	She exhaled a low groan and heated sensations rippled through her .
tr	O	尼尔停了下来，但是他拒绝看多洛雷斯。
tr	I	Nothing is safe , and dangers abound here .
tr	O	两人都跟从了她的指引，但是气氛已经改变了。
tr	O	门打开了，并且车辆里涌出穿着风衣的大块头男人。
tr	O	我们许多养宠物的人毕竟是渔民，而且溺水事件时常发生。
tr	O	在它的某个地方，特里妮蒂能看到它曾有的微弱火花，但是它已经无法挽救了。
tr	I	I turned , curling my lip in a snarl , and Archer was beside us .
tr	O	我想告诉他我知道这不容易，但是没有他我上周没法挺过来。
tr	I	It shattered as it skidded across the floor and he threw it to the ground .
tr	O	我的头很痛，并且我感到头晕。
tr	I	To walk the earth with others was certainly wonderful , but his meanderings tended to be of the solitary variety .
tr	I	The low , sexy sound sent a shiver through me and he chuckled .
tr	I	I 'm not afraid of it , and I always knew I was going to die .
tr	O	一只手臂环绕着她，并且他们交换了消息。
tr	I	The wind drowned her out , but she screamed as she landed .
tr	I	I shook my head at myself and I ran my fingers through my slightly damp hair .
tr	I	I hear the tinkle of glass breaking , and she strikes out clumsily with a foot .
tr	I	The very ground began to shake , and all of a sudden an unearthly rumble sounded .
tr	O	我的背部僵硬了，并且我迅速用手抹过眼睛以擦去泪水。
tr	O	一阵疼痛和不小的怒火涌过我全身，并且我双手叉腰。
tr	O	莱兰，我会找到那个房间的，但是我们必须争取一些时间。
tr	I	Ty stepped in , turning to face Zane and the doors opened .
tr	O	我搂住佩内洛普，并且我们继续前行。
tr	O	科林摇了摇头，并且那个绿衣女子告辞了。
tr	O	他的声音低沉、沙哑，并且他告诉我我永远不会快乐。
tr	O	安吉丽娜一如既往地试图勾起他的食欲，但是她在乔安娜身上失算了。
tr	O	他正在等着吃饭，并且她没有什么东西可以给他吃。
tr	I	Only a couple of inches of it were above water , and it was dark green .
tr	O	并不是她在抱怨，但是她忍不住想知道。
tr	I	We found a nice warm booth toward the back , away from chilly blasts from the door but it was half full .
tr	O	她感觉到他渐渐地从她身边离开，并且这比她想象的更疼。
tr	I	Each feather was perfection , pure beauty , it was the absolute coolest thing I 'd ever seen in my life but it was thin .
tr	I	There didn 't seem to be anything untoward in it , so he let it go , but Jake didn 't like the man touching his woman .
tr	O	我能从他脸上看出他正在考虑它，并且他的笑容似乎加深了。
tr	O	玻璃球在光线下闪耀，并且麦克斯韦凝视着它，强迫自己看到秘密所在的地方。
tr	O	我上了卡车，并且我们开车离开了。
tr	O	我想相信我看到了他眼中的一丝柔情，但是我也可能只是想象出来的。
tr	I	I 'd almost begged him to hate me , and the numbness had begun to fade in that moment .
tr	O	她是一个有耐心的女人，并且现在她能想到消磨时间的好办法。
tr	I	Even so , she 'd managed to put them on the run , but if she hadn 't been drunk , she 'd have had them .
tr	I	I can 't do it much longer and I 'm tired of bailing out !
tr	I	Usually a nasty man stayed with me , drinking horrible beer , but she said she had to work .
tr	O	麦基把他的座位推回原位，并且塔利斯不满地皱起了脸。
tr	O	我在家与他当面对质此事，而且他甚至懒得否认。
tr	O	她的呼吸仍然显得费力，但是她眨了眨眼，眼睛聚焦，仿佛突然第一次看到这个世界。
tr	O	到达那一页，并且你就可以回家了。
tr	I	Julia swung her dazed eyes to the woman and Monique continued with her announcement .
tr	O	风向有利，因此他们向南航行，刚好在陆地视线之外。
tr	O	弗兰克把它摇了下来，并且一股冰冷的空气冲进了车内，在短短几秒钟内就压倒了暖气。
tr	O	我在过去几周里比我一生中任何时候都更害怕，并且这令人精疲力尽。
tr	I	I have a feeling I know what 's coming , and I hate when I forget he can hear me .
tr	O	他们最终发现了那个微小尖锐的物体，并且他把它拉了上来，一条链子也随之而上。
tr	O	这不像她，但是她猜想每个人都有这些时刻。
tr	O	他们继续环顾四周，等待有人来迎接他们，然而群体中没有人看到那些注视的眼睛。
tr	O	他当时五岁，但是没有蒂皮他会怎么办？
tr	I	Jackie wasn 't ready yet , but Iain stepped away to engage .
tr	I	The cicadas haven 't started up yet , but Evening is coming .
tr	O	他不确定那信息有多准确，但是几分钟后他就会亲身了解。
tr	I	My head was spinning and my muscles were aching .
tr	O	这让每个人都感到极其不舒服，并且他们都移开了视线。
tr	O	她在他身边坐下，并且他惊喜万分。
tr	I	When I found out who you associated with , I figured it was my lucky day , but I know the kind of man he is .
tr	I	When I finally did fall asleep , I never dreamed at all , but I expected to have wild dreams .
tr	I	He wants to live and he 's so tiny .
tr	O	他的声音颤抖了，并且他的眼睛闪着光。
tr	I	He 'd far rather walk than drive and he didn 't care about the car .
tr	O	警车在正确的时间接走了嫌疑人，但是它在途中消失了。
tr	O	走回桥边的路和去棺材室的路一样痛苦，但是疼痛正在改变。
tr	O	我一直坐在沙滩上，并且黛拉一直跨坐在我身上，面对着我。
tr	O	他紧紧抱住她，并且她又安定下来了。
tr	O	我想问他什么很复杂，但是我 D 知道我只需要耐心等待。
tr	O	我父亲认识那里的一位教授，并且他多方面地帮助了我。
tr	I	I suddenly felt ravenously hungry and the life force surged back into my body .
tr	O	西蒙没有错过那个侮辱，但是他忽略了它。
tr	I	I pretended not to suddenly hate what I did every night , and Samson smiled at his joke .
tr	O	我知道你的身体，并且你知道我的。
tr	I	His blond hair was pulled back into a neat ponytail , and he was clean-shaven .
tr	O	她脸上的表情让他们不敢反驳，但是没有人说什么。
tr	O	石头差得很远，但是这足以让远藤跑过绿色的草地。
tr	O	她抱怨着，并且他笑了。
tr	O	我变弱了，并且在你的怀里我变得更强大了。
tr	O	一滴眼泪滑下她的脸颊，并且瑞秋也开始哭了。
tr	I	The hum of murmured voices continued to pervade the room , but the yelling ceased .
tr	O	带钓鱼椅的主甲板区域在船尾，并且那是他找到杰夫的地方。
tr	I	That is true , and you said I need allies who are smarter than I am .
tr	O	僵尸又向我扑来，并且我挣扎着站了起来。
tr	I	Most were only one but some were two stories .
tr	I	There was nothing more I could do , but the ends of my toes were blackening .
tr	I	Donald slapped a high-five , and Daniel raised his hands .
tr	O	梅尔比他小几岁，但是考虑到她把自己的家乡说得那么小，她可能认识他。
tr	I	She couldn 't mistake the love in his eyes and Ryan glanced at Zoe .
tr	I	This has just made things worse and I feel awful .
tr	O	为了挽回颜面，他别无选择，只能用一个傲慢的笑容来附和他的话，那个笑容立刻惹恼了她。
tr	I	Lexa let go and he rammed it with his shoulder .
tr	O	他们想退出，并且我厌倦了处理这件事。
tr	O	她在他身下扭动，并且他花时间充分欣赏这份难得的允许。
tr	I	I realized that my own sandwich was barely half eaten and the apple slices were still untouched on Katherine 's plate .
tr	O	甚至克莱尔也蒙在鼓里，并且我认为她现在还不必知道。
tr	I	I wondered what he meant by his first comment but I told him .
tr	I	I nearly followed through on our original plan , carpenters be damned , and John kissed me hard , to silence my giggles .
tr	O	他抓住我手臂的力道松开，并且慢慢地，他向我倾身。
tr	I	I could barely breathe , and it got very quiet .
tr	I	I had called him kitty first , but I would have protested the nickname .
tr	I	The phone itself worked , but the glass screen was cracked .
tr	O	她离开了她，并且现在他有了感情。
tr	I	Only the heaviest of shells could shred it , and it was still grouped heavily in front of the German works .
tr	I	I could only see how beautiful Mia was , but I clenched my hands into fists , wanting to be mad .
tr	O	这次演示会给她带来她工作所需的认可，但是很明显鲍勃想把所有荣耀都据为己有。
tr	O	他的语气现在更轻松了，更自由了，并且我怀疑我们之间的新亲密关系让他更容易对我倾诉。
tr	I	I don 't look at her , but Charlie is still staring at me .
tr	I	He sensed no routes to follow , but he loosed a host of threads .
tr	I	Perhaps that wasn 't what the teenager wanted from her , but she 'd wanted so much to solve Lauren 's problem .
tr	I	He slowly turned to Bia and Zeus ' stomach sank .
tr	O	我畏缩了一下，并且她皱起了眉头。
tr	I	It was obvious that Miguel knew the game , and I had learned the previous year that a lot of Mexicans played baseball .
tr	I	I blinked back a wave of sudden hot tears , and my throat closed up as I said the words .
tr	I	We start running back in the direction of the frat house to get ready for class , and Braden nods .
tr	I	I think he sniffs my hair as I pass , but I can 't be sure .
tr	I	That time I didn 't let myself feel cowed , but she arched an eyebrow at me over the interruption .
tr	I	The Orcs were yet far ahead , and one day now had passed since Boromir fell .
tr	I	I went with him to an evil place , and the wolf of pride was biting my leg .
tr	I	New automatic switching systems were again available and it would have to make do until computer companies were restored .
tr	I	She was also more , but okay , the last part might be true .
tr	I	He cut her off , but she opened her mouth to protest .
tr	O	它可能与她父母为她规划的未来不符，但是它肯定没有包括她现在所感受到的。
tr	O	火灾现场有碎片，并且奥隆看着骑士们屠杀他的人民。
tr	I	I read up on in the last few weeks and a new spell Bailey mentioned .
tr	I	I relaxed against his chest , and we moved slowly with the music .
tr	O	轻轻推一下它，所以你就会永远摧毁它。
tr	O	我试图跑向他，但是有人拉住了我。
tr	O	他在乞求她，并且他毫不在意。
tr	O	当他醒来时，他的床单被汗水浸透了，并且他的指关节因紧握床单而发白。
tr	O	随时恶魔都会到来，并且我会向它们乞求死亡。
tr	I	He intended to treat us as such , and we were outcasts .
tr	I	His hands hold me down , but I struggle to sit up .
tr	I	Rachel had time to notice his teeth , suddenly sharp , and * The dog came fast , pouncing toward her .
tr	O	墨菲把我送到了医院，并且我径直走向伊莱恩的房间。
tr	I	With his business faltering , little news came through the inn anymore , but Archer helped when he could .
tr	I	I breathed in deeply , and he smelled like Jack .
tr	I	I stared at each other and I drew out the word as Elliot .
tr	O	贯穿我血管的电流很强烈，但是它也很有集中力。
tr	O	缺了点什么，但是她不知道是什么。
tr	O	塔比莎噘着嘴，并且杰克笑了。
tr	I	I don 't have your phone number and you haven 't been here all week .
tr	O	他轻声问道，不想吓到她，但是她的头还是猛地转了过来，眼睛睁得大大的。
tr	O	这并没有让他一无是处，但是这也没有让他必然讨人喜欢。
tr	I	Keeping our friendships strong and we cared more about the bro code .
tr	I	They eased their way slowly through the giant rocky gates and Mo shoved them off of the shallow beach .
tr	O	我记得他做了什么，并且我很生他的气。
tr	O	军队会支付我上大学的费用，但是 我负担不起休假的时间。
tr	I	She hit him with a lethal glare and her head shot back .
tr	O	他的话语最终穿透了我的焦虑，并且 我震惊地盯着他。
tr	O	那个家伙长相还可以，但是 他灰色的气场让我感到不安。
tr	I	He brought their lips together and his hands cupped her face .
tr	O	喜悦、愤怒、悲伤、恐惧……，但是 困惑似乎最为突出。
tr	O	我想看着她的眼睛，并且 我想让她看着我的。
tr	O	酒馆可能没有开门，但是 她知道康纳会在那里。
tr	O	她告诉我这必须保密，并且 我向她保证不会告诉任何人。
tr	O	黛利拉在她的平板电脑上又按了几下，并且 送货车的警报器开始鸣叫起来。
tr	O	卡车车厢里有一枚炸弹，并且我们正在前进。
tr	I	You nonstop and your colonel talked about his girlfriend .
tr	O	他试图隐藏他的担忧，并且她因此更爱他了。
tr	I	There was Josh and I looked down .
tr	I	With each passing minute she grew more anxious , and they had been waiting for some time now .
tr	I	She stuck her head around to see a server room that would rival a giant corporation 's and the hum increased to a low roar .
tr	O	恶魔的眼睛睁大了，但是他没有泄露任何交换内容。
tr	I	The lull of the engine is all I hear , but I feel his chest contract , like he gasped .
tr	O	起初，内尔的迷恋让她受宠若惊，并且她利用了这一点。
tr	I	This was all going to be some kind of mistake , and he was going to put down the gun .
tr	I	He looked down at her with a strange feeling swelling up in his chest and when she finally stood up , his eyes opened .
tr	I	She continued and chewy nodded .
tr	O	我仍然想去找他们，但是看了一眼我的王国状况就告诉我，我得在这里待上一段时间了。
tr	I	They lock her up like the mad old witch she is and she won 't be able to sneak into my room if I tell someone .
tr	O	门开了，并且当我看到门后是谁时，我脸色煞白。
tr	I	The nice blonde started to gurgle blood , and suddenly she saw a streak of movement .
tr	O	房间里有些东西异常熟悉，但是乔斯林说不出具体是什么。
tr	O	玛蒂娜对道格说，但是没有回应。
tr	O	他抬头，并且他的黑眼睛锁定在我身上。
tr	I	That was ridiculous , but I fancied I could almost feel him next to me , watching me .
tr	I	James looks like his brain melted and my pulse won 't slow .
tr	I	I swallowed back bile , and my stomach twisted .
tr	O	尼克走到我身后，并且我闻到了他头发的味道，感受到了他身上像蒸汽一样散发出的热量。
tr	O	我从凳子上下来，并且我们上楼了。
tr	O	他的拇指拂过敏感的小突起，并且他的一根指尖滑向她的开口处，在那里他继续逗弄着。
tr	I	She let out a sigh , shifting restlessly and just then her eyelashes fluttered .
tr	I	Trevor deliberately picked me , and Matt picked Becky .
tr	O	最近的动物医院在杰克逊维尔，三十分钟的路程，并且他突然确信那只狗撑不了那么久。
tr	O	从理智上讲，她知道保罗说的是实话，但是她仍然感到有责任。
tr	I	This was ridiculous , but true , prior familial experiences had prepared Alexia for a life of omission .
tr	O	他们也把米直接铺在人行道上晒干，并且骑自行车的人从上面碾过，好像它不存在一样。
tr	O	她很感激他的提议，感激之深远超他的想象，但是她不能让他那么做。
tr	O	指挥官可能正在期待一次官方检查，但是希特勒把这些事情留给了其他人。
tr	O	她看向吉米，并且他点了点头。
tr	O	她恨我拥有他，并且她没有。
tr	I	I was beginning to understand just how satisfying a job could be , and it felt great to be able to handle business on my own .
tr	O	鲍勃在赫伦左转了，并且SUV也左转了。
tr	O	1624年1月15日3号。今天是一个异常寒冷的日子，并且我们待在室内。
tr	I	Even as she stepped forward , Gideon was back on his feet with the dagger firmly in his hand , but she cried out .
tr	I	So much of it doesn 't add up , but I want to believe them .
tr	I	As a mermaid , she was even more magical , even more seductive , but Lilly was magical on earth .
tr	I	She seemed just as concerned as I did and I looked over at my sister .
tr	O	凯利的心脏肿胀了，并且她头晕目眩。
tr	O	只是让他们知道没有恶意，但是如果总统如愿以偿，他会让他们被枪毙。
tr	I	I resented this , but Necessity demanded we take a lamp to find our way .
tr	I	Nick needed to dazzle the crowd in order to get a hearing , and she knew heavy hitters swarmed the halls for the chance at glory .
tr	I	The group moved out of the cell and the children fell in behind .
tr	O	一声清喉声响起，并且我意识到我仍在盯着他们。
tr	I	It inhabits me , and I inhabit it .
tr	O	那年冬天来得很早，并且似乎比往常严酷得多。
tr	I	That scared her badly , and Ellie heard the slight tremor in his voice .
tr	I	Plenty of mystery surrounds that exclusive degree , like its exact origin , but it 's a part of the initiation into the Royal Arch Degree .
tr	I	My head was spinning and my eyes were glazed .
tr	I	Then the storm hit , but we left as soon as we heard about Agatha .
tr	I	The moon was shining brightly and the stars had just begun to come out .
tr	O	今天人不是很多，而且我们很快就通过了安检。
tr	I	He looked away when he spoke again , but Somehow Billy always made her feel better .
tr	O	我惊讶于自己竟如此喜欢他的粗犷，当他坚定地将唇压在我的唇上并且舌头彻底探索我的口腔时。
tr	I	An impressively cratered moon was floating past and the ship was travelling through an asteroid belt at the time .
tr	I	It was what my body needed , but I would be lying if I said that I enjoyed it .
tr	O	我去年夏天以来就没见过她了，而且她瘦了很多。
tr	O	城市里一片宁静，并且考虑到时间，街上行驶的车辆出奇地少。
tr	O	她想知道科学家们为什么没告诉她阿喀琉斯正在上升，但是那并不是她的工作。
tr	I	Me seem to disappear in his arms and all the things my mom said about him .
tr	I	She tried it again and she pushed it outside .
tr	O	景色本应抚慰她，但是它没有。
tr	I	I want for very little really , and you 're right about the money .
tr	I	He felt her hands go to his face as he nuzzled her neck , her long hair hiding them both and he pulled her into his arms .
tr	O	我在那里，但是我不在那里。
tr	I	I had Casey to thank for that , and she was almost her old self again .
tr	O	萨拉意识到桌边的每个人都在看着她，并且她脸红了。
tr	O	克莱门特已尽力应付那个以及厨房的工作，但是他只是一个人。
tr	I	He moved amiably forward and Sarah tightened her calves against Dan 's sides .
tr	I	You 'll have to hire more to fill out your crew , but I 'll be able to give you a few men .
tr	O	在任何其他时候他都会心存感激，但是他望向杰玛的视线被挡住了。
tr	O	一只手在我开口之前捂住了我的嘴，并且我看到萨拉用令人安心的眼神看着我。
tr	O	他已经五十岁了，拜托，并且洛拉不是他的母亲。
tr	O	她的声音很轻柔，并且她用手指绕着杯沿转动。
tr	O	他不喜欢那样的处境，但是他不知道如何改变。
tr	O	今天是我的生日，并且我身处天堂。
tr	I	It 's a route I 've walked hundreds of times , usually with Karou , and Location Three isn 't far .
tr	O	我伤害了麦基，迷惑了塔利斯，并且现在我正在伤害贾里德。
tr	O	吉赛尔显然能够做到，但是她已经走了。
tr	O	它没有奏效，而且肖恩被迫看着她，真相猛然袭来。
tr	O	我没有要求他的帮助，但是我也不会拒绝它。
tr	O	我会哭泣，当他们都死了的时候，当宗教裁判所被摧毁并且大门被打破的时候。
tr	O	我丈夫是个好人，一个公正的雇主，并且他认真对待他对人民的义务。
tr	O	她现在盟友很少，而且如果她能利用你，她会的。
tr	I	I get the feeling it was filled with leaders who did things that didn 't make sense , but I don 't know much about history .
tr	O	康斯坦斯阿姨的眼睛闭上了，并且她慢慢地靠回椅子上。
tr	I	You 're a paralegal and I 'm a lawyer .
tr	I	I threw a pillow at her and I said .
tr	I	I also didn 't like thinking the choice wasn 't mine to make , but I didn 't really want to choose the person I would kill .
tr	I	Draven waved her hand away , but Maddie pinched her , clearly trying to shut her up .
tr	I	Obi-Wan 's face fell , but Anakin winked at him .
tr	I	I 'd never met one this persistent , but cats are stubborn .
tr	I	We 'll find out , but I doubt he knows .
tr	O	几分钟后，药膏开始起作用了，并且我开始感觉好了一点。
tr	I	She couldn 't place it , but the voice on the line sounded familiar to Sally .
tr	I	He shrugged off , but it was one of those things that was in the back of his mind .
tr	O	他的上半身看起来很正常，但是他的腿与身体其他部分不成比例。
tr	O	这栋楼有两层，并且当她数门的时候，她意识到每层有四套公寓。
tr	O	她有很多事情要考虑，并且她不能在这里做。
tr	I	I believed him , but I wasn 't sure if that made sense .
tr	I	The hall is of the latest 17th century fashion , but the wall gave the entire place a medieval look .
tr	I	An elderly woman said something and she turned .
tr	I	After a while the repetition lulls me into a drowsy state of indifference , and the pulse monitor hooked up to my middle finger beeps steadily .
tr	I	I 'm rooted to the spot , but I nod .
tr	I	Ryder glanced at that mirror , and he turned his head , the move taking a strange amount of effort .
tr	O	现在已是下午晚些时候了，并且他希望她不想强求和解。
tr	O	她母亲坚持说那都是她的想象，但是她仍然感受到了。
tr	O	现在是周五晚上，并且伊恩有一场乐队音乐会。
tr	O	她没有动弹，但是我希望她听到了。
tr	O	你我们迁徙最快的人，并且你必须出其不意地抓住他。
tr	I	I jumped , turning around on the couch , and he knocked on the door .
tr	I	She didn 't even understand why , and she 'd put him through hell .
tr	O	那个怪物睡在我的床脚，并且他独特的气味永久地印在了我的地毯上。
tr	O	我渴望向前迈进，并且因此我言语仓促。
tr	I	They finally reached Rome and two more weeks passed .
tr	O	艾莉森不喜欢队里跑得最快的那个女孩，并且赛琳娜能感受到她目光中的恶意。
tr	I	He 'd fall over and I could shove him .
tr	I	Rich satisfaction flowed through me and I watched them widen slightly .
tr	I	He was shaking , and Matt was sweating .
tr	I	She suddenly understood that she was being murdered , and Warmth flooded her dress as he struck again .
tr	O	他推了一下，并且几分钟后门便顺从地滑开了。
tr	I	The others had no reason to question it ; and it appeared that Emily accepted this explanation .
tr	O	几乎每次，莉拉最终都回答了问题，并且当然，她总是对的。
tr	I	I realize I 've been silently staring at him , and he asks , his brow arching .
tr	O	他可能会屁股扎刺，但是如果他们能活下来，她会很高兴为他把那些刺拔出来。
tr	I	Otherwise the Harley appears to be in working order , but I can see from here the large scrapes in the chrome .
tr	I	I 'd take what I could get , but there wasn 't exactly a healthy selection .
tr	O	她点了点头，并且他们继续了。
tr	O	他看起来很累，并且尽管他努力想笑，结果却更像一个鬼脸。
tr	I	Suddenly the bunk collapsed and I turned quickly to tickle him .
tr	I	He fell to the ground near the bush and another scream .
tr	O	我妈妈看起来快要哭了，并且我不知道该如何理解。
tr	O	好的，也许她最后一个没那样说，但是那是她的本意。
tr	I	Smith told Andy to drive back to the hotel , and there were no companies connected to shipping nearby .
tr	I	I choose no but you didn 't give me a choice .
tr	I	Even though I searched for them , they remained hidden from me , but I could hear birds chirping in the trees .
tr	I	It 's blue but it 's faint .
tr	O	她的靴子摩擦着雪，并且她尽力减弱声音。
tr	O	音乐又响起来了，并且我意识到那是吉他轻柔的拨弦声。
tr	O	我竭力控制自己不回到外面去看那艘船，但是逼疯自己对任何人都没有好处。
tr	I	His body shook and Jack covered his face with his hands .
tr	I	It was quite possible he was doing both and Gansey had seen his flat .
tr	I	Our minds linked easier and as Snowball grew beyond the puppy stage , her mind sharpened .
tr	O	她简直散发着永恒的满足感，并且看到她只会让内心嫉妒的火焰烧得更旺。
tr	O	我本该更多地在那里，但是我不知道该说什么。
tr	I	I follow him into the hall , and Realm grins madly when I approach .
tr	O	她自己没什么钱，路易莎提供经济援助的提议看似慷慨，但是本质上那是一个旨在诱捕她的陷阱。
tr	O	我试图说话，但是我的嗓子嘶哑了。
tr	I	This was the first time she 'd experienced it , but she 'd always heard the term of being taken by a lover .
tr	O	我前一晚见过它，并且我混乱的身体已在努力争取再次品尝。
tr	I	Love wasn 't sure if he 'd get back in time and Julie would need taking out again in a couple of hours .
tr	I	Icy wind blasted at him , and this one opened onto a field of snow .
tr	I	Maybe it was just the heater , or I flushed a little from excitement .
tr	O	她用自己的身体让他满足了，并且凯西确信，也用她的血液。
tr	I	I match her stride for stride , but she stays about five feet away from me .
tr	O	如果说有什么变化的话，他变得更糟了，并且莉莎有一部分责备自己。
tr	I	The scent was fading , nothing fresh and nothing else had been disturbed .
tr	I	Then her body went slack , and she closed her eyes , drawing a deep breath .
tr	O	这并不是一个完美的世界，并且他们也不是完美的生灵。
tr	O	她可能很有钱，但是她仍然会喜欢我能为她做的事情。
tr	O	我的双脚以鲁莽的速度踩踏着坚硬的石地，但是我听不到任何声音。
tr	I	We all agreed and Isabel suggested charades .
tr	I	For a moment I almost felt bad for her , and Calliope paled .
tr	O	他笑了，但是他的眼睛拒绝与她对视。
tr	I	It made Walter Jenkins feel more nervous and that stillness was almost impossible to bear .
tr	O	她试图吞咽，但是她的嘴巴很干。
tr	O	无论你在这间卧室里听到什么，你都待在这个衣橱里，并且你不要发出任何声音。
tr	I	Emily had no idea Lucinda knew her so well , and Lucinda had never been one to talk about feelings .
tr	I	The car rattled to life seconds later and Harry cried out .
tr	O	他们觉得毕业典礼应该只庆祝生者的成就，并且死者不应该在这样欢乐的时刻被提起。
tr	O	莱姆踏进门，并且他的气息被震散了。
tr	I	Family think she 's crazy and they 'll make her friends .
tr	I	It felt great to have a little power , but she doubted she could ever go through with that threat .
tr	O	索伦瘫坐在椅子上，并且他的腿开始抖动。
tr	I	I understand , but I hate the fact that these animals are being Destroyed .
tr	I	Lewis swiftly stood and the room stirred .
tr	O	斯凯拉发出几声急促的呼吸，好像她很享受，并且我真希望她乐在其中，因为我停不下来。
tr	I	Second , he 's removing all responsibility for the outcome from himself , and first the kidnapper is questioning the boy 's value to the parents .
tr	I	I felt bad for having deserted her , and Lori looked disappointed when we came back .
tr	O	他们上了床，并且布鲁斯伸手去抱她。
tr	I	I guess as with most mountain climbers , he wanted to climb Mt. Everest , and he hoped one day to make his living as a photographer .
tr	I	He did not want to believe it , but part of him knew that the vampire was telling the truth .
tr	O	她是一名危险的嫌疑人，并且我们必须立刻见她。
tr	I	Again Mike 's voice stopped her and Again Emma reached for the delicate plate .
tr	I	She scurried backward in terror but he reached out to help the woman up .
tr	O	总是有人愿意教，但是那要等到学生准备好学习才行。
tr	O	他自从失去艾丽后每天都去旅行，并且每天他都回到家中，无法完成他决心要做的事情。
tr	I	You 're severely injured , and your strength is gone .
tr	I	We happen to have a band , but we 're just like you guys .
tr	I	I want to know , but it 's none of my business .
tr	I	Paris could smell his stench from where he was standing and he was half asleep .
tr	O	杀手再次行动了，并且他很可能正在逼近卡西迪。
tr	I	Joe got started on significant digits , of all things , and Patrick talked about a math book that he was reading .
tr	I	I didn 't ask why , and my mother insisted .
tr	O	我回答了，并且他笑了。
tr	I	His rough hands sent buttons flying and he caught hold of her shirt .
tr	I	I kept listening , desperate to know I 'd been missed , but I knew I should stop the machine .
tr	O	艾娃在脑海中觉得项目进展得好得多，但是执行上却有一些她没有预料到的缺陷。
tr	O	她笑了，并且那让我很高兴。
tr	I	You had to improvise your own soundtrack and tv programs were so much more intriguing if you couldn 't hear what they were babbling on about .
tr	O	他没有收到卡莉的消息，但是她准备好后他就会收到。
tr	I	They all thought that Hugo had received justice and I told everybody where I had dropped Hugo .
tr	I	Everything seemed normal , but I don 't know what I expected when I pulled up to the Home .
tr	I	Just thinking of him taking over curdled the contents of my stomach , and he 'd already made his intentions known .
tr	I	I did as I was told , but I wasn 't certain if the whole thing was even real .
tr	O	你抬头看着他，并且似乎你认识他。
tr	I	My mind feels like it 's going to explode into pieces and it feels like my skin is melting away like candle wax .
tr	O	她怒视着安娜，并且安娜甜甜地笑了回去。
tr	O	他愤怒地转过身面向文，但是他的脸已不再是年轻人的脸了。
tr	I	He turned at the sound of her approach and her heels clicked on the wood floor .
tr	O	他身边有一架大型望远镜，但是他正凝视着艾玛的眼睛。
tr	O	我花了一会儿争论是否要问他，并且随后决定我并不真的想知道。
tr	I	An angular warmth began to grow , and his body shivered around him .
tr	O	那些建筑物破旧不堪，并且房子已被破坏。
tr	I	Gifts could only go so far but the gesture touched my heart .
tr	I	That is exactly what you did , and agnes entrusted you to keep her secret .
tr	I	Of course it wasn 't true , but Keller wanted to say indignantly that he wasn 't any connection to her .
tr	O	她的双臂交叉抱在胸前，并且她鲜红的嘴唇因恼怒而紧抿着。
tr	O	丹应该对安妮找到了一些安慰感到感激，并且他非常努力地想让自己相信这一点。
tr	I	You 're next , and he poisoned me .
tr	I	I will help you if possible and try for the river .
tr	I	In its place I could hear the sounds of the radio next door again , and the rain had finally stopped .
tr	I	She was afraid she was going to sink to the floor at any moment and her knees were starting to get wobbly .
tr	I	She knocked a bit louder and there was no answer .
tr	O	他的脚踢到我的背，并且疼痛炸裂般地贯穿我的脊椎。
tr	O	我试图装作我在帮忙，但是然后我们都摔倒在地。
tr	I	The vegetation was clearing and it was getting steeper .
tr	I	He looked over at his clock , and the sounds pulled him from his sleeping state .
tr	I	The elevator doors swing open and there 's a soft ding .
tr	O	我以前从未见过他无言以对，但是发现自己的自由意志被干预对任何人来说都会是令人沮丧的。
tr	I	I shook it and he held his hand out .
tr	I	Each bite is like heaven and they melt in your mouth .
tr	O	门裂开了一条缝，并且基利安把头伸了进去。
tr	O	他试图抵抗，但是他已经好几天没有进食了，知道他们需要节省剩下的血液。
tr	O	我今晚给你的信息很简单：投资我，并且我将永远不会忘记你。
tr	I	The smell of pseudo butter permeated similar to the sound of the open of the movie and Alex peeled the bag open .
tr	I	Life as she knew it would never be the same , but she might not have been treated as a criminal .
tr	O	那些飞向他的几何形状消散了，并且平克·弗洛伊德的《墙外》突然响起了。
tr	I	You performed your job perfectly , but until you became a prominent member of the Movement , I had no one to play the Elders against .
tr	I	His hair was slicked back with way too much gel , and a crisp white dress shirt was tucked into worn jeans .
tr	O	我的一部分在那一刻想把信封撕开，但是那三个字阻止了我这样做。
tr	I	For fuck sake , I wanted to keep it that way , and only a handful of humans knew about the existence of supernaturals .
tr	O	我的眼睛睁着，并且周围一片黑暗。
tr	O	他对烹饪知之甚少，并且吃饭是他很少做的事情。
tr	I	I was desperate for a way out of this but it was naive .
tr	I	Your plans will once again be foiled and if the Gods see me with an army they may assume that a war has started .
tr	I	She has orange hair , and she 's teeny weenie .
tr	I	She knew it had come in handy with Jason and at twenty-four she was more flexible than most girls .
tr	O	那天晚上他们到了阿尔赛德的公寓后，就让我直接喝了下去，而且我没有问他们怎么做。
tr	I	The feeling of loneliness that had made me say his name came back and I watched him walk out .
tr	O	艾娃的班级终于适应了全天在学校上课，并且他们在服从的问题上磨合掉了一些棱角。
tr	O	从来没有感情的牵扯，并且那只是一些随意的约会。
tr	O	你已经处理了大量令人难以置信的事情，并且按你的方式做事对你很重要。
tr	I	I wrap both my arms around her , holding on to every last second that we have together and hailey hugs me one more time .
tr	I	I was worried about the one weakness we did have , but I was not going to be a fool that way .
tr	O	伦把它们给我戴上，并且我感谢了他。
tr	O	我们都住在一起，并且我们的家长可以负责安排你和我们住在一起。
tr	O	我仍然什么也没听到，但是，我信任她的直觉。
tr	I	It 's a small place , but Silicon Valley covers a big area .
tr	O	拉乌尔试图保护她，这真是勇敢至极，但是，天使无疑正在倾听。
tr	O	我们的建筑公司已经壮大，并且，我们正忙于建造更大的建筑。
tr	I	It had happened , but I hadn 't expected that .
tr	I	My mind was whirring , but CHAPTER 2 After an eight-hour shift , my body was bone tired .
tr	O	他在医院里待了两个多小时，并且，这非常令人沮丧。
tr	O	当我兴奋时，她的耳朵竖了起来，她跑得更快了。
tr	I	He wore a baseball cap that advertised the Detroit Piston 's and Jamal Eddington had a large bandage over his chin .
tr	I	There must be a reason the pens were electrified , but the safest place might be back inside , locked tightly up .
tr	O	从他到那里的第一天起，他就是个独行侠，并且，随着岁月流逝，他变得越来越内向。
tr	O	她的胃在颤动，但是，她的神经保持稳定。
tr	I	Her knuckles still ached , but the glove she wore had softened the blow .
tr	O	她试图切断最近的，但是，那些被控制的实在太强大了。
tr	I	His expression was unreadable , but Seth held her eyes for a moment .
tr	O	你可以坐着，并且我会载你直到我们俩都屈服。
tr	I	I stared into the darkness , searching for something to say to him , and the minutes ticked by .
tr	O	鲶鱼看着我的眼睛，并且他的眼神非常不安。
tr	O	凌乱的柜台上方有一扇小小的推拉门，并且门上的绿灯意味着货运槽已装载完毕。
tr	I	I don 't want your sympathy , and I don 't need your help .
tr	I	I think the size is about the same , but she 's a little shorter than you are .
tr	O	伊恩让她等候，并且短暂地出现了寂静。
tr	I	Don 't be too difficult tonight , and cut us a little slack .
tr	O	我能感觉到有什么不好的事情要发生了，并且我不确定如何摆脱它。
tr	I	She saw her condition reflected in the horrified looks in their eyes , and they came to her condo one after the other .
tr	O	甚至还没到中午，并且车里就已经酷热难耐了。
tr	I	I think there are definitely souls around ... and I can get spooked .
tr	I	I didn 't think that would be appropriate considering that I was going to be working all night but Sarah insisted that I wear a costume .
tr	O	林恩开了一个小玩笑，并且她给了我一个似有若无的微笑。
tr	O	我是一个自然主义者，而不是警察，但是公众正在破坏公园。
tr	O	她的眼睛柔和下来，并且她的颤抖停止了。
tr	I	Violence just ends out being followed with more violence , and you are smarter than that .
tr	O	她点了点头，但是她没有放开邓肯。
tr	I	I couldn 't let that stand , and he parried the question without answering it .
tr	I	I walked over to get one for myself and Conner passed out Clif bars to everyone .
tr	I	He 'd not come across any hint of it in her messages , but it should have required more planning .
tr	O	杰克逊的声音几乎是耳语，但是我的心却在回应中呐喊。
tr	I	He knew the way downstairs without the need for light , but it was dark on the landing in Ryan 's house .
tr	I	Adam walks out and the bathroom door opens .
tr	I	I was leaning heavily on Brendan now , but I thought he seemed somehow taller .
tr	O	朝着艾米丽冲上舞台，但是它无法在战斗的喧嚣中被听到。
tr	I	He wanted us to know and he planned to kill her .
tr	I	I will give it to you and you name it .
tr	I	A dragon sat incongruously in the palace gardens and she suddenly shifted .
tr	O	她的母亲尖叫起来，并且凯伦看着她的父亲放下刀，将其刺入她母亲的心脏。
tr	O	当他的嘴唇压碎我的，并且他颤抖不只是因为疼痛时，他的全身都会紧绷。
tr	I	No sign of the dogs , who 'd looked awfully hungry when they 'd chased him through the gardens , and there was no sign of Dak .
tr	I	Here she was asking him for something he couldn 't give and he was trying to protect her .
tr	I	Yes , I got it from a slice of her half-eaten cheesecake and yes , he gave my sister mono .
tr	I	The arrow streaked past him , and as Cole released , Pickett dodged sideways .
tr	O	两名警卫正在巡逻该区域，但是他们的背部正对着农奴。
tr	O	莫伊斯特不确定他正在检查什么，但是他尽力了。
tr	I	The wind picked up again , and Thunder rumbled in the distance .
tr	I	His pants half unzipped and his shoulders were bare .
tr	I	I managed to keep the gun aimed upward at the helicopter , but the wind whipped my hair around , the spotlight blinding me .
tr	O	他七年前在最终离开大院的过程中起到了关键作用，并且我很高兴见到他。
tr	O	当地一个恶霸胆敢索要保护费时，那个人就凭空消失了，并且希德接管了他的地盘。
tr	I	She 's quietly crying against my chest and I can feel her arms trembling against me now .
tr	O	他们可能会给我们一个不屑的眼神，但是没有人让开。
tr	O	那位好中尉已经将十楼改造成了指挥站，并且他的士兵们正在收拾电子设备。
tr	I	There are other humans around and I can tell because there 's no gravity .
tr	O	夏洛特的脸颊泛起一片亮粉色，但是她没有否认。
tr	O	她用她的商科学位在别处可以赚更多钱，但是她宁愿选择清贫也不愿重回公司业务。
tr	O	我的话让健身房再次陷入寂静，并且我从中获得了一种奇怪的力量。
tr	O	丹尼尔带路回到了客厅，并且路易莎强迫自己关上了身后那个诱人房间的门。
tr	O	我试着轰炸它，但是我的力量太低了。
tr	I	He let out a curse , and I slapped at his arms .
tr	I	He had nowhere to go , but his first instinct was to bolt .
tr	I	I cannot bear it for him if anything bad was to happen to her and he loves her so much .
tr	I	Everyone in the room knew it , and it was no ordinary tobacco case .
tr	I	At that moment it was exactly what I needed , but she had never felt like much of a mother type before .
tr	I	A witch generally has a lot of pockets , and she began to draw things from her pockets .
tr	I	I did not move a muscle in mine , and she did not move a muscle in her body .
tr	O	你去现场，并且你重建了发生的一切。
tr	I	It appeared that the sound proofing left a lot to be desired and the bachelor quarters were above the indoor range .
tr	O	安妮对男人了如指掌，并且她总是和不同的男人在一起。
tr	I	He landed on his back , all eight legs wriggling in the air , and she smacked him out of the air with the book .
tr	I	Other girls had plans and Amber was out with Dylan , of course .
tr	I	They do happen , but such spontaneous crosses of microorganisms are rare .
tr	I	Her amusement didn 't last long , but a slow grin lifted the corners of her lips .
tr	O	他已经说出了两个头衔，并且其中任何一个都让这个神奇的地方立刻说得通。
tr	I	She jerked away from him , bolting off the bed , and then reality returned with a thud .
tr	O	一件白色风衣在他身后飘扬，并且一颗金色耳钉在他一只尖耳中闪耀。
tr	O	他的口音很重，但是他英语说得很流利。
tr	O	似乎过了一个世纪他才开门，但是等待是值得的。
tr	I	My fingers itched to touch him , and he radiated warmth .
tr	I	For an instant he wondered whether he 'd made a mistake , and he couldn 't read Lexie 's expression .
tr	I	Manuel quickly stepped behind a pedestal bearing a giant array of exotic flowers , and the blond-haired stranger glanced over his shoulder .
tr	O	我最好朋友的名字出现在来电显示上，并且我轻轻推了以斯拉一下，然后才把听筒按到我耳边。
tr	O	给一个女人一场灾难，并且她就会变成松鼠。
tr	O	我周围的观众齐声朗诵着，并且我的新钢笔断成了两截。
tr	O	其中一个窗户上有绿色的百叶窗，并且另一个门前花盆里有一丛玫瑰。
tr	O	这本该是一次归乡，但是它却变成了一些可怕的、完全不同的东西。
tr	O	树枝都烧光了，并且只剩下一个冒烟的树桩向孩子们倾斜着。
tr	I	You wouldn 't want to cross him , but Nicolas was a pleasant adopted brother to be with .
tr	O	他的手紧紧抓住她的颈背，并且在她还没来得及理解情况之前，他把她拉向自己，弯下头去吻她的唇。
tr	O	她的儿子可能比大多数人更狡猾，但是他现在也一贫如洗。
tr	O	是的，他是一个苛求的爱人，但是他付出的远比他索取的要多。
tr	I	All my books , and nothing traveled with me from home to home , except my lute .
tr	O	我倒回床上，并且尖叫声已经耗尽了我最后一点力气。
tr	O	加斯顿见过无数次女人那样做，但是不知怎么的，当艾莲娜这样做时，这个动作却显得格外性感。
tr	I	I looked toward him , and his voice was soft .
tr	O	她失去了哈特，并且她非常爱他。
tr	O	他没有从她身上感受到任何威胁的气息，而且他有点喜欢她的直率。
tr	I	The car never arrived but the German aircraft waited .
tr	O	科德让AJ弯下身，并且她的双手抓紧了桌子。
tr	O	突然我的身侧变得温暖，并且我转身看到布莱克在我身边。
tr	I	There was nobody in sight anywhere around it , but the call box was easy enough to see .
tr	I	There was no helping it , but she probably shouldn 't smile .
tr	I	A shiver ran down my spine , and Calliope 's voice cut through the silence .
tr	I	I 'm not holding out much hope of that , but hopefully , the only bug was in my office .
tr	O	无论他对罗斯怀有多大的仇恨，那个男性仍然是克莱尔多年的伴侣，并且那确实也有一定的分量。
tr	I	I couldn 't do it , but I thought about waking up Nash .
tr	I	They weren 't sharing and too many people knew things .
tr	I	I couldn 't shake the feeling that there was something more to it , but I knew it was stupid .
tr	I	It clattered downward through the rocks , and he let go of the gun .
tr	I	The panic would take over or she needed to keep moving .
tr	I	Some sort of platform rested at the far end and Iron sconces with candles hung from beams .
tr	O	艾莎在床上动了动，并且我挠了挠她的头。
tr	I	It was so quiet , and Golden light streamed in .
tr	I	It was exactly what I needed to hear , but part of me thought that made her crazy .
tr	O	它如此之远，我所能看到的只是十字架，并且正如詹姆斯所说的那样。
tr	I	His eyes had glazed over but the oh god was still vertical .
tr	O	他的脸上露出笑容，但是我的没有。
tr	I	I can 't sustain it , not with him grinning at me like that , but I glare at him for a moment .
tr	O	当他们走到新墓地时，女人静静地站了一会儿，她的眼睛闭着，脸上因痛苦而扭曲。
tr	I	That didn 't mean he was concerned only because of my abilities , but true , I 'd spent most of that time unconscious .
tr	I	The cabin doors secured and flight preparations were completed .
tr	I	The curtains will flutter , or the floor boards will creak .
tr	I	His words offered no comfort , but I respected Fade for telling the truth .
tr	I	It 's up-and-coming , but an area that 's troubled .
tr	O	他们很快就安顿下来，像成千上万的其他夫妇一样，并且劳拉正在结交一些新朋友。
tr	O	那真是一番演说，并且它确实帮助了我。
tr	I	She gasps and her eyes snap open as I lower myself down onto her .
tr	I	More importantly , you 're a kobold , and you 're an adult .
tr	I	He hadn 't broken anything , but it was a little tender .
tr	O	我同意接近你，但是那只是一个借口，艾琳。
tr	I	Some of the heat faded from her cheeks , but she withdrew her hand .
tr	O	倒不是说那老人似乎很欣赏她，但是蕾娜把他当作朋友对待。
tr	O	他歌颂他的父亲，并且他歌颂他的母亲。
tr	I	What wasn 't spoken at that moment was more important than anything else that was , and they held each other 's gazes .
tr	I	His eyes widen with panic , and Logan glances up at Skyla .
tr	I	It was also kind of fun , but it was a lit le chilly .
tr	O	这将是他力量的第一次考验，并且他希望他不会引起争执。
tr	O	我的脸已在她屏幕上闪过，而且她在我这边电话还没响一声就接起了。
tr	I	She did , but for the life of her , Dagmar didn 't understand what she liked about this goddess .
tr	O	她可能也在里面谈论我，但是我却无法摆脱杰登也在此事中扮演重要角色的感觉。
tr	I	She didn 't want to cause any problems for Monica , but Alex may have to make a return trip to Narragansett .
tr	I	My mother was always crying and my dad was gone .
tr	O	我的内心如岩浆般炙热，而且我的身体渴望他的全部。
tr	I	He wasn 't listening , but Claire tried to tell him there wasn 't one .
tr	I	Isabella frantically calling her name , and she dimly heard Mac swearing .
tr	I	I did know that I wasn 't going to quit hunting them , fighting them , killing them , but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	O	我希望那样就行了，但是他却不肯让步。
tr	O	门上传来敲门声，并且他开了门。
tr	I	She was mine and she was gorgeous .
tr	I	You 're vulnerable and I 'm weak .
tr	I	It was styled in a messy little bob and my blond hair was a little longer than chin length .
tr	O	现在是六月了，而且这竟是一个美丽的夏天。
tr	I	Then it was over , just like that , and you seemed like such an ideal couple .
tr	I	My worry began to grow , and two more days passed with no word from him .
tr	O	瓶子被打开了，并且杯子被倒满了。
tr	O	米兰达沉默不语，并且我开始怀疑我的手机是否挂断了她的电话。
tr	O	他的小世界被颠覆了，那是肯定的，并且他不知道自己还能如何希望将其纠正。
tr	O	他临死时尖叫起来，并且我责骂自己粗心大意。
tr	O	这是脚步声，并且它们越来越近……越来越近。
tr	O	知识是一种馈赠，并且你已经证明自己不配拥有它。
tr	O	他的眼睛放松下来，并且他点头表示感谢。
tr	I	I stayed silent , but I felt like laughing .
tr	I	At night the lights were magnificent and from this posh little restaurant you could see the entire city .
tr	I	Navi decides to intervene and the seconds of uncertainty have drawn out far too long .
tr	O	理论是一回事，但是她需要进行实验。
tr	O	市场正在收市，并且她知道自己也该走了。
tr	I	The others are heading into the door , and some of the men are guarding it .
tr	O	街对面的窗户是反光的，并且她确信自己看出去的窗户也是如此。
tr	O	他强调了“安静”，并且她能感受到他的恼火。
tr	I	I couldn 't stand it , and Reed 's harmonica was squealing now .
tr	I	I feel a connection with him , but I know that it doesn 't make any sense to get into a relationship the summer before college .
tr	O	我姐姐不问为什么，但是她听起来心不在焉。
tr	I	I hated him for it and he sent those pale people to hurt Dean .
tr	I	I wondered what he thought of Amelia 's natural defiance and Jericho 's eyes had widened in response to our interaction .
tr	I	This time he 'd succeed in dragging me to them or I had to keep him talking .
tr	O	达拉斯说她回到了“计划”中，而且我唯一能应对的方法就是不再想她。
tr	I	Frank found Fernando 's curiosity refreshing and they had had many heart-to-heart conversations over recent times .
tr	I	She shrugged it off , but Willow 's stomach did a weird flip flop .
tr	O	他跳了起来，但是他的腿立刻就软了。
tr	O	他们的目光交织在一起，并且一丝性暗示在他们之间弥漫。
tr	O	已经是午夜过后了，但是他睡不着。
tr	O	剧痛猛地窜上我的手臂，并且我发出一声惊讶的喘息。
tr	I	He woke up a bit more , and it closed with a quiet snap .
tr	O	保罗和她一样赶到了他身边，并且他们都拥抱在一起。
tr	O	他又俯身亲吻我，但是我躲开了。
tr	I	I still don 't want to do it , but I say it out loud , trying to convince myself of this truth .
tr	O	他非常了解安迪，并且他也关心她。
tr	O	凤凰把他的头盔递给我，并且我把它戴上了。
tr	I	His throat was filling with water and his chest was killing him .
tr	O	艾比又打了一遍手语，但是她的奶奶表现得好像不需要看她的手语，好像她已经知道答案一样。
tr	O	他本该回家找汉娜，但是他还没有给纽约一个公平的机会。
tr	O	戴安娜还在疯狂地挖掘，并且梅丽莎也觉得她最好继续下去。
tr	O	只要想我，并且我就会听到你。
tr	I	She can sleep with me tonight after supper and I 'll go lie down with Cammie now .
tr	I	I took each of their hands , but it seemed a little overly dramatic .
tr	I	The tightly packed crowd of business travelers quickly disembarked , and it parked at Gate 19 .
tr	I	His expression was tender , but he didn 't answer .
tr	O	她知道会是他，然而她仍然对他的存在感到一丝纯粹的性反应。
tr	I	We rotate through , and only a small part of the army is ever there at any one time .
tr	O	他想问她现在是否想留在这里，但是他不确定他会喜欢那个答案。
tr	O	他有点困惑她可能在做什么，直到她挪动身体，他才能看到她身后。
tr	O	我没有回去的力量，而且喀耳刻也没有力量送我。
tr	O	每个人都有天赋，而终结生命是他的天赋。
tr	O	尼古拉斯·哈弗很快又回到了日常生活的琐事中，讨论着马鞍车道上的坑洼，而我的思绪听得麻木了。
tr	I	The reasons were now irrelevant and Action had to be taken .
tr	O	我旁边的男人说了，于是我朝他迈了一步，这样我就不会挡住门了。
tr	I	The woman sat on a hay bale , and it was a rainy day .
tr	I	He had clenched his fist in anger , but Guy hadn 't realised it .
tr	O	我不理解你母亲对哈维斯特的需求，但是我从未试图阻碍她。
tr	O	他喜欢这个概念，但是凯泽的心中却有一个小小的挥之不去的疑问。
tr	I	The vision faded and she released the chain at her neck .
tr	O	50年后我将78岁，并且我的样子会和现在一模一样，过着被不朽生物围绕的生活。
tr	O	起初，我的心因为以为是野兽而欢快地跳动，但是它肯定对任何人的手来说都太冰冷了。
tr	I	I propped myself up to see who it was , and the door opened a few minutes later .
tr	O	她休想从我这里拿到一分钱，而且她也休想拿到达米安的一分钱。
tr	O	凯特琳意识到在这个问题上加百列是不会让步的，并且再争论也无济于事。
tr	O	道格拉斯参议员走了出来，并且当大家站起来时，我看到他正护送着我所见过最美丽的生物。
tr	O	她探头往旁边看，但是她没有看到任何人。
tr	I	I knew his feet must be sore , and he winced a little as he walked .
tr	I	The door suddenly got opened and she banged on the door .
tr	I	Helen grabbed his arm , stopping him before he could speak , but Joseph opened his mouth .
tr	O	如果那需要一点暴力，那么他对此没问题，并且当局也会对此视而不见。
tr	I	The sweet lyrics of that morning 's hymns broke her heart all over again , but she couldn 't understand a word of the sermon .
tr	I	He shoved her away , and a snarl escaped from her captor .
tr	O	泪水充满了她的眼睛，但是她不在乎。
tr	I	It seems cruel to tell a blind woman that , so I don 't say anything , but her lipstick is a little smeared .
tr	I	I feel a grin tip the corners of my lips , and the train rumbles by on the track by my head .
tr	I	You will reign beside me , and you will ascend the throne .
tr	O	她咬牙切齿地瞪着我，并且泪水从她眼中夺眶而出。
tr	O	两个男人都有黑头发，并且双筒望远镜挂在他们的脖子上。
tr	O	我寻找任何限制停车的标志，但是一个也没有。
tr	I	Then I felt his gaze move away from me , and he paused .
tr	I	I heard it , but I missed seeing Griffin 's entrance .
tr	O	我提高了警惕，并且小心翼翼地绕着房子走。
tr	I	He slipped a ten into the tip jar on the counter , and the woman gave Carmine his change , eyeing him warily .
tr	I	The Little People stood motionless and for several minutes the dragons circled .
tr	O	如果她恨我，她会来找我，但是她不会伤害自己，永远不会。
tr	O	她试图尖叫，但是没有声音发出来。
tr	I	I rested my arms on the bathtub and I whimpered as I felt him slip a finger inside of me .
tr	I	Someone from the mayor 's office will probably show up because the FBI will be there , but they 'll do it here at the station .
tr	I	Lupe was taken , or Lupe was dead .
tr	I	She 'd never looked more beautiful to him , and her blue eyes were shooting daggers at him .
tr	I	They 're dying to meet you and the rest of the family will be here .
tr	I	His voice was steady when he spoke , but his chest knotted with pain now .
tr	I	It had been a while , but no bells tolled the time any longer .
tr	I	The guard tied him to the tree , and he was ordered to sit .
tr	O	我在那之后在高园住了几晚，但是我发现它有点阴森。
tr	O	它把混凝土磕掉了一块，但是盒子上却毫发无损。
tr	I	He didn 't move either and his grip on her tightened .
tr	O	他们还没有完全原谅他离开妈妈葬礼的事，但是他们也没有表现得无礼。
tr	I	His clawing fingers missed it by inches , and he threw himself toward his fallen sword .
tr	O	纯粹的恐惧席卷了我的全身，但是我却没有机会做出反应。
tr	I	She has a scowl on her face and a blue ribbon that matches our team colors ties up her hair .
tr	O	一年前夜莺肯定不会相信其中任何一件事，但是这些天他也不会轻易否定任何事。
tr	O	她那充满活力的金发没有一丝变灰的迹象，而且她有一双明亮的蓝色眼睛，如同阳光穿透的蓝宝石。
tr	O	阳光在一定程度上照亮了洞穴，但是如果它移动得更深，他将需要人造光。
tr	I	I spent the day dressed up in her clothes and our mother is sat in a deep freezer .
tr	O	我又回头看了一眼树林，但是他已经走了。
tr	I	You had mine and I had your back .
tr	I	The ship heeled sharply , knocking Jason off his feet and at the last instant he cranked the helm to port .
tr	I	He falls backwards , and the bolt takes him between the eyes .
tr	I	Hurriedly I floated higher , closer to the ceiling , and a few flakes of ice crystallized on the windowsill nearest me .
tr	O	我看到他的脸皱了起来，并且他的身体紧绷着。
tr	I	I prayed that meant she was sending help and I could hear her fingers flying over her keyboard .
tr	O	我用牙齿咬住他的下唇，并且那让他兴奋起来。
tr	I	She knew it was too late , but maybe Justin was trying to buy time .
tr	O	太迟了，我想，但是我把它藏在心里。
tr	I	I flailed , my body sinking into the dark water and he let me go .
tr	O	它让我的脸感觉快要裂开了，但是我给了她我最迷人的笑容。
tr	O	奥利维亚绝不会冒那样的险，但是我知道如果我真的想，我能把罗宾逼到足够远。
tr	I	Running would not solve this problem , but Arun felt the urge to run .
tr	O	那个声音试图告诉我，阿德里安留下了一丝污点……但是那很难让人相信是他。
tr	O	他的手臂紧紧地环抱着双腿，并且他的头垂在两膝之间。
tr	I	Still , he knew the sweetness of vengeance , but he had been the huntsman before , perhaps with less magic at his back .
tr	I	Part of her just felt tired , but part of her wanted to gloat .
tr	O	走出商店时，阳光照在詹姆斯的脸上，并且他感觉一切都是新的。
tr	I	Apparently he 'd been training in secret , but no one knew what he was doing .
tr	I	There was even a rubber tree plant stuffed in the back corner where the watercooler stood , and it smelled like copy machine .
tr	I	He knew Charlotte was the cause , and he wanted to feel this way more often .
tr	O	他似乎对我感兴趣，并且那种兴趣触动了我内心深处，我从未知道它在那里。
tr	O	几个小伙子一提到色情内容就来劲了，并且吉米用泳池浮条做了一个淫秽的手势。
tr	I	That seemed too melodramatic , but she could call 9-1-1 .
tr	O	太阳从东到西划过天际后已经落下，并且月亮正在登场。
tr	I	I knew I 'd better get to that report as soon as possible , but I felt okay , if a little unsteady .
tr	O	我有一头长长的深金色头发，不需要每天洗，而且它看起来仍然很好看。
tr	O	问候的话语凝固在她的嘴边，并且她转身走进了走廊。
tr	O	内饰是黑色皮革，并且窗户被染成了深色。
tr	I	Her eyes widened and Jenny looked around .
tr	O	为了不引起怀疑，娜塔莉等了几分钟，并且令她非常幸运的是老板到了。
tr	I	It 's Ryan this time , and my phone rings .
tr	O	电梯停了下来，并且在门打开之前，一个电脑合成的声音宣布了我父亲的离开。
tr	O	他希望自己有什么东西可以给她盖上，但是夏天不允许有太多额外的衣物。
tr	I	Paul noticed , and she must have stiffened slightly .
tr	O	她面前的那个还站着，并且它张开了双臂。
tr	I	Now he was close enough to touch her , and he took another step .
tr	I	For the first time ever Mrs. Hardaway moved the little restaurant light to the second terrarium , and the next day the class gathered around .
tr	O	我活着，并且我是他的。
tr	I	What could I do , but it might backfire on me ?
tr	I	The man told her that it was at a considerable distance , and Elizabeth told the driver they wished to go to Potok .
tr	I	His body gave way , all owing him to fal against his father , and Jared choked .
tr	O	雅各布把手放在我后腰上，并且我颤抖了一下，脸红了，原因却完全不同。
tr	O	窗户裂开了，并且火焰冲了进来。
tr	O	它没被注意到，并且杰米能看出来。
tr	O	一只猫头鹰叫了一声，并且蕾玛跳了起来。
tr	I	I had a few leads , but granted , there wasn 't much to go on .
tr	O	你就像我的孩子一样，愿你蒙福，科尔，并且你也他妈的聪明得很。
tr	I	I guess she had her reasons , but always angry that woman was .
tr	O	正当他纳闷德雷克为何迟迟不来时，他听到一声压抑的喊叫，并且一个守卫从站台阶梯上跌落下来。
tr	I	Kelsey didn 't much care , but Aaron walked off in a huff .
tr	I	At least it wasn 't sharp , but well , the chin was pointed .
tr	O	我半期待着莉尔的幽灵会在房间中央盘旋，但是她没有。
tr	I	My father indicated his impatience , but I was deeply moved by this .
tr	O	房间被摇曳的烛光照得昏暗，并且每个人都穿着他们的女巫集会制服。
tr	I	I automatically backed up until I hit the wall , and a few attendees turned their heads in my direction .
tr	I	He feels just so familiar but we barely know each other .
tr	I	His mother had told him it wasn 't , but it might have been the same airlock that killed his father .
tr	I	She disappeared around the counter , and he handed it to her .
tr	O	他大步向前，但是那个老人已经走了。
tr	I	There was an edge to it , but he smiled again .
tr	I	Manfred thought about his replies carefully , and responding to these took quite a bit longer .
tr	O	瑞秋的公寓在二楼，并且她几乎是跑着冲上通往那一层的楼梯。
tr	I	Dormer collapsed to the ground and the energy faded .
tr	O	她低胸的妓女服装让人遐想连篇，并且她弯下腰给他看更多。
tr	O	这让我母亲心力交瘁，并且这让我心碎。
tr	O	我只需要一分钟就能在镜子里把头发弄蓬松，然后涂上我最喜欢的NARS桃色唇彩。
tr	I	He realized he was crying big , fat tears of loss , and ribbons of cold sank into his cheeks .
tr	I	Whoever was looking in couldn 't get to them without coming up the stairs , but then he could see out .
tr	O	这是不理性的，但是我开始怀疑了。
tr	I	Other men were handsome , too , but he was handsome , dangerously so .
tr	O	凯西看着她的两名看守，并且他们脸上带着困惑的表情回望着她。
tr	O	我并没有真正的危险——毕竟那只是个小幽灵，但是它却把我打得比应有的程度更惨。
tr	I	You will meet a most agonizing end and leave the city limits of Paris .
tr	O	拉丽莎笑着凝视着凯奇，但是她什么也没答应。
tr	I	I really wanted to find out , but I had no idea what he was up to .
tr	I	I don 't want you afraid to try again , and your ex-wife did a number on you , son .
tr	I	I took my hand from her mouth , and Bianca started struggling against my hold .
tr	O	我给她打了三次手机，但是手机直接转到了语音信箱。
tr	I	Hanna touched the small of her back , but Emily stepped forward to go after him .
tr	I	When she came closer to him , he began backing away , but his grin remained in place as he rubbed the side of his jaw .
tr	O	斯图尔特也想把你搞垮，而且如果你给他一个借口，他就会这么做。
tr	I	His muscles ached and he was tired .
tr	I	I won 't forget him , and he was my first love .
tr	I	Neither had they , and I 'd never mentioned the commission change .
tr	O	就像我之前说过的，那种深沉的东西在那里，我能感觉到它在我体内跳动，但是现在它正在升起。
tr	I	He lowered his voice when he spoke , and Kelly stepped forward , close to Nick .
tr	O	说实话，我快没力气了，但是我不想让托里知道。
tr	I	The young girl sighed with relief and I chuckled .
tr	O	洁白挺括的棉手套戴在她的手上，并且一顶羽毛帽子停在她头顶那堆头发上。
tr	O	听着，我不知道我有没有帮上忙，但是我不想再谈论他们了。
tr	O	她的手机响了起来，她赶紧接听，看到是亚历山大。
tr	I	I was willing to try anything , but maybe it was too late .
tr	O	劳拉和吉尔几乎是完全相反的类型，但是他能理解迪伦为什么看上她。
tr	O	他从柜台拿起一个目镜，并且他把它拧到眼睛上。
tr	I	She lifted a hand in careful greeting , but she looked startled to see us .
tr	O	他知道自己搞砸了，并且他正在手忙脚乱地掩饰。
tr	O	那是一片狂乱，每个男人和一半的女人都冲向了舞厅大门。
tr	O	他跪下解开她的牛仔裤，并且她知道锡安正在看着这一切。
tr	O	他强壮的双臂将她搂入怀中，并且他的温暖使她充满了希望。
tr	I	It appeared I was going to begin the Game of Thrones series and I downloaded Hopeless by Colleen Hoover on his e-reader for him .
tr	I	I had to do everything the other helpers did , and Mrs. Meyer told me that I was not their family , only their helper .
tr	I	The flesh of animals that had been killed was wholly repugnant to me , but vegetables were not so bad , although my body immediately rejected them .
tr	I	She lifted her hands to press them against his chest and her voice was now slightly desperate , definitely tinged with panic .
tr	I	He felt a cold patch on the back of his head where it had connected with the floor and his eyes wouldn 't focus .
tr	O	他把刀锋指向她的脸，并且她随着刀尖的靠近而畏缩。
tr	O	我的背后传来一阵了然的轻笑，并且他将我紧紧抱住。
tr	I	The sight of you may make him violent , and you 're not his favorite person right now .
tr	O	关于没有斯凯他就会死的那句话让我想笑，但是我忍住了。
tr	I	Another part of her mind listens close to hear what the words are , and it 's a whisper , even to herself .
tr	O	远处的森林里闪电击中，并且雷声滚滚穿过平原向他们袭来。
tr	I	The thing kept sticking to his flight suit , but he 'd flung it away more than once .
tr	O	他一定知道这对她意味着什么，并且他肯定知道她不想失去戴维。
tr	O	我感觉到他身上有新的紧张，并且我并不感到惊讶。
tr	O	它们中的大多数无疑是不真实的，但是它们仍然缠绕着她。
tr	I	I sense her next move before she makes it , and she pulls my head up to her eye level .
tr	O	我本可以在外蒙古，并且没有人会知道得更多。
tr	I	He didn 't want her to die , and Subject # 78 was an agreeable Subject .
tr	O	警长停止和女人们说话，并且车里变得尴尬地安静起来。
tr	I	Even though I knew I would return , something about it felt final , and it was my last night in Eden Manor for six months .
tr	O	她空着的那只手推着他的胸膛，但是他没有放开她。
tr	I	There was no key , but they looked into the fountain 's pool , cast the lanterns ' light inside .
tr	I	I think the moment was catching up with Josie , and the testosterone was really starting to zap to life .
tr	I	A moment later , he settled onto the seat beside her before the fire , and she quickly forced her gaze forward when Graeme finished dressing .
tr	I	A long , bright flash of lightning struck , but it took a lot of energy from him .
tr	I	Only his grip , gone almost cruel in my hair , kept my neck from bowing , and I screamed .
tr	I	The standards of this bar have really gone downhill , but I 've had a wonderful time chatting with you all .
tr	I	Beth moved towards the one vacant chair and Lucy sat down again behind her terminal .
tr	O	这听起来像一个随意的问题，但是莎拉知道它不是。
tr	O	那是一个如此短暂的吻，但是那个小小的瞬间却揭示了这么多。
tr	O	我仍然看不清足够的细节来辨认出人，但是我确信在灯光下看到了移动。
tr	O	裘德挥手表示不在意，但是他无法向我隐瞒妈妈的话有多么伤到他。
tr	O	我妈妈从没谈论过这件事，并且我想她有她的理由。
tr	O	她还没有结束，并且她把手压在他的胸膛上，抬起身子，他允许了。
tr	I	It sounded like she was arguing and she spoke extremely fast .
tr	I	My body wasn 't having any of it , but I tried sitting up .
tr	I	Shifter DNA is another matter , isn 't it , but I know vampire DNA will destroy a human if they 're not turned ?
tr	O	这额外花了三个月，但是最终，他确实完全得到了我。
tr	I	Daylight hurt her eyes , and being inside buildings made her feel trapped .
tr	I	He tucked her hair behind her ear , and his lips twitched .
tr	I	Lisa looked confused , and the doorbell chimed from downstairs .
tr	I	She felt the tension drain out of him , and he sighed .
tr	I	He pulled me down to him and tender hands flattened on my back .
tr	O	我思考了这件事，并且我表现得像个彻头彻尾的混蛋。
tr	O	我回答了，并且她跟着我进了浴室。
tr	O	我试图不去过多分析它，但是我一点也不喜欢它听起来的感觉。
tr	I	She expelled a frustrated sigh and Sibyl returned to her defeated position of head in hand .
tr	O	我的身体感觉被践踏了，并且我的大腿灼烧，好像有火焰在它们之间摩擦。
tr	I	She 'd never felt so much emotion pulsating through his music , but Max usually played with consummate skill , making a piano sing .
tr	O	他的声音打断了我的思绪，并且我困惑地抬头看着他。
tr	I	I know that look well and Sophie 's eyes glow .
tr	O	我后来回来了，并且没有人认识我。
tr	O	他把所有他了解的学校情况都告诉我了，并且我对他的未来之家描述听得津津有味。
tr	O	我的良心告诉我，并且我为食言感到内疚。
tr	O	克拉丽莎的脸上显露出醒悟的神情，然而她依然站在亨利身边。
tr	I	There was something else he needed to know , but Mad Dog knew he should let the conversation die its uncomfortable death right there .
tr	I	He caught her to him to prevent her from falling and when his mouth closed around one nipple , her knees buckled .
tr	O	他们无条件地信任他，并且他通过艰难的方式赢得了这份信任。
tr	O	大家又笑了，并且我不知道为什么。
tr	I	She found herself recalling the way he 'd been with the toddlers at the beach the day before , and he never raised his voice .
tr	I	I 'll run a power line through one of the hoses and it 'll be attached to the trailer via hoses to share the same atmosphere .
tr	I	I sensed his distress wasn 't one to laugh off , yet that wasn 't what I had expected him to say .
tr	O	我张开嘴想说我丈夫已经死了，并且我随即又闭上了嘴。
tr	I	It puts everything in perspective , and it 's amazing , humbling .
tr	I	I was pretty sure I had escaped any damage , but it burned .
tr	I	He groaned and the pull went straight to his already swelled erection .
tr	I	They knew to keep the object in place until medical could see where it landed , and the bleeding was minimal .
tr	I	His eyes suddenly landed on me , and Chase looked out in the crowd .
tr	I	The circle slowly parted , but there was some grumbling .
tr	I	A television was on a table in front of it and a small bed was against the wall .
tr	I	She was right , and she was looking at me like she had found out my little secret .
tr	O	他以前从未真正关心到足以注意到这些事情，但是他现在注意到了所有一切，知道这是他这样做的最后机会了。
tr	O	和塞巴斯蒂安睡觉并不是利益冲突，但是这也不是很专业。
tr	I	I wrap my arm around her and she settles in , turning her face into my chest .
tr	I	Ferocious sculptures of exotic beasts adorned every building , and tall spires of white marble tickled the clouds .
tr	I	Not before he saw her cheeks go crimson , but Leigh turned from him .
tr	I	I 'm informed about what my troops hear , and troops exchange tales .
tr	I	Your mother like I 've never loved another human being in my entire life and I 've loved you .
tr	I	There wasn 't going to be a whole lot for me to do while Tim was using my computer but it was already pretty clean .
tr	I	I was wrong , but I think I know what 's in store for me that evening .
tr	I	The box fell forward , part of its lid giving way , and the remaining dirt holding it in place shifted .
tr	O	我们当然都很重要，各有专长，但是我们的权力是特定的。
tr	O	凯西点了点头，但是她现在最不想考虑的人就是她自己。
tr	I	Went straight to her room and * * * * * Anne let herself into her parents ' house .
tr	O	这是克莱恩卑鄙的一步，并且乔西对此无能为力。
tr	O	他的触感冰凉，但是她正融化在流淌过她血管的热量之下。
tr	I	All of them had been left on foreign ground , and Everything was wrecked .
tr	I	His ultimate victory would come when she surrendered herself to him - and this was a game .
tr	O	我知道他能炸毁东西，但是他半是女巫，半是变形者。
tr	I	They are all united when it comes to this , but as you know , the gods seldom agree on anything .
tr	I	Reuben was reserving judgment on that , but his vibrant eyes indicated a warm response to Reuben personally .
tr	I	She listened anyway but Sofia have no idea why Iris was saying those to her .
tr	I	He wanted no part of the water , but it was a little too much club .
tr	O	她并不知道自己在做什么，但是这让她觉得她正在为即将到来的战斗做某种准备。
tr	I	He didn 't need to know that , but of course , I 'd been there .
tr	O	他没再说什么，但是我听到了那未说出口的问题。
tr	I	I walked away from him quickly , and Logan reached over to grab my hand .
tr	O	我环顾四周寻找那个一直在看的英俊男人，但是他不见踪影。
tr	O	那可能只是乐观的想法，但是这有可能。
tr	O	我尖叫着冲上前去，但是他们随即倒在地上，一阵我无法理清的混乱动作。
tr	O	我经历了如此多的压力，然而我们仍然完全健康。
tr	I	The elderly interpreter headed straight for him and two SAS troopers held the alien firmly .
tr	I	I cocked my head , my eyes making another pass down the length of his hard body , and that smile let go .
tr	I	Then I heard the familiar chanting , and her mind was focused on them .
tr	O	我踢到的那只恶魔与另外几只撞在了一起，并且它们四散开来，在走廊里横冲直撞。
tr	I	I carefully helped him up and he did what I asked .
tr	I	I couldn 't help myself , but I felt like a toddler .
tr	O	她通常把日记本放在家里，但是也许情况变了。
tr	I	You have chosen to hide it but they were all deserving knowing the truth .
tr	I	They quickly scribbled their numbers on scraps of paper , and the idea of a secret ballot was very appealing .
tr	I	They can get unmarried and a person can get married .
tr	O	她没有告诉肖恩，如果再次见到菲恩，她会怎么做，并且她现在也没有时间告诉他了。
tr	O	妮可不应该被他的行为所迷惑，但是她却无法移开视线。
tr	I	They could see him , but they couldn 't fit through the window .
tr	O	我在做梦，并且下着雨。
tr	O	亨利娶我并非出于爱情，并且我从一开始就知道这一点。
tr	I	Her body simply took over , because then she was unfurling , driving forward , closing the gap , and her brain detached .
tr	O	一辆豪华轿车在等着，并且幸好他们离医院不远。
tr	O	疼痛蔓延到我的膝盖上，并且我发出一声尖锐的喘息。
tr	O	亲近产生熟悉，并且熟悉产生舒适。
tr	I	They were better , but things weren 't quite as out of control with Toby .
tr	I	He wasn 't there , but shortly after that , they had picked up his location at his apartment .
tr	O	她感觉到他来到她身后，但是她没有转身。
tr	I	When I looked again , the amulet had stopped glowing , and I rubbed my eyes , thinking I was seeing things .
tr	O	我的翅膀仍然渴望被释放，但是即使没有夹克，在狭窄的洞穴里它们也几乎没有展开的空间。
tr	I	I kicked myself for taking so long to respond and the tears that had been shimmering in her eyes were now running down her cheeks .
tr	I	For a small moment I felt like I couldn 't breathe and the blue fire of his eyes slammed into me .
tr	O	她问道，并且她的舌尖描摹着他的嘴唇。
tr	O	他们都有各自的重担，并且那份愧疚驱使他们现在弥补。
tr	O	希望像决堤之水般涌出，并且我意识到那是因为我希望是特伦特。
tr	O	它会拯救生命，但是你进一步将其变成了货币。
tr	O	两个男人随她而来，被我的锋利所吸引，并且我们把他抬到了远离尸体的地方搭起的帐篷里。
tr	O	它没有关上，但是它确实停止了运转。
tr	O	这是真的，但是她也需要远离他。
tr	O	她筋疲力尽，并且她很害怕。
tr	I	She had to get it right and she only had one chance to turn the tables on him .
tr	I	I could definitely dress like a college student , but facial hair wasn 't an option .
tr	O	我承认盒子里有几颗坏鸡蛋，但是我们并非都那么糟糕。
tr	O	我们要你进去，并且房子关上。
tr	I	Chaos ensues and the calmness vanishes .
tr	O	她比典型的厌食症患者年龄更大，但是她的性格几乎完美地符合这个概况。
tr	I	She whipped around and Emma 's spine stiffened .
tr	O	她会这样做是为了逃避，但是她也会这样做是为了报复。
tr	I	That was over now , but there 'd been talk around town about his DUI .
tr	O	迈克尔不知道陌生人如何能提供帮助，但是他不在乎，所以他什么也没说。
tr	O	克里斯转向莎拉，而她也在同一时刻转向了他，并且他们俩同时说了出来。
tr	I	The insurance is cheaper with it , but Kids love nothing more than the temporary disco they get from a quick kick .
tr	I	A new boy coming in to quarterback our pathetic football team , but New students were rare enough at our little rural high school ?
tr	I	It fell in a puddle at her feet and he reached behind her , unzipped her dress .
tr	O	诚然它属于一家租赁公司，但是接下来的三天里它属于他。
tr	I	Jenny nodded for him to go ahead and he made ready to unwrap the cloth .
tr	O	我回以微笑，不知道该说什么，但是很高兴他感觉好多了。
tr	O	有一次一场比赛打到了十九局，并且他们不得不在第二天完成比赛。
tr	I	He keeps kneading his palm like he 's getting ready to punch something and he 's biting down on his bottom lip .
tr	O	他直视前方，仿佛在整理思绪，但是她能感觉到他继续说下去时的不情愿。
tr	O	前门突然打开，并且她轻快地走进房间。
tr	O	他的笑容消失了，但是他保持了安静。
tr	I	Mine aren 't far behind , but Mason 's stop moving first .
tr	O	弗朗西斯莫名地想起了楼梯上早些时候的场景，并且她因这回忆而稍稍一惊。
tr	I	The new , improved version lasted all of five minutes , but the old Fiona would have shut Olivia down right away .
tr	O	一个微笑在她唇边浮现，但是那不是一个开心的微笑，更像是对他的话语的一种认可。
tr	I	They twinkled like a secret star , and her hazel eyes meet mine .
tr	O	卡罗琳犹豫了一下，并且当她说话时她的声音很低。
tr	O	当时刚过中午，并且他正在翻阅一本杂志，这时他感觉到一片阴影笼罩了他。
tr	I	I let it out , a white puff of smoke rising in front of my face , and I 'd been holding my breath the whole time .
tr	I	She didn 't deny that she 'd hoped he would kill her husband , but she blanched , blinking back her tears .
tr	O	他的眼睛闭上了，并且他的脸色变得苍白。
tr	O	或者……或者我知道一些事情。
tr	O	阿玛在我身后，并且她一句话也没说。
tr	O	喇叭声穿透了他，并且他跑得更快了。
tr	I	There was magic inside the bar as well , but humans were packed inside the place , yes .
tr	I	It made Azalea very happy and everyone was there to see them go .
tr	O	当我盯着那只乌龟时，似曾相识的感觉袭来，而且我突然意识到我正在回忆过去四年里发生的事情！
tr	O	和雷恩调情是错的，但是斯宾塞没想到事情会发展到那一步。
tr	O	她也把钱包给了凯德，还用拍头代替了亲吻，并且拉丝蒂用手臂搂住了我们每个人。
tr	O	她的皮肤在纯白连衣裙下像青铜一样闪闪发光，并且她的双脚赤裸着。
tr	I	Her actions told him she did , but she had said she didn 't .
tr	I	He walked towards me and his eyebrows lifted .
tr	I	He had trusted him and he 'd been deceived by the one person he thought he could trust .
tr	I	She 'd fall off and the horse could bolt .
tr	I	She could think of nothing else , but she hadn 't thought they 'd stoop to gloating over a business loss in this intensely personal situation .
tr	I	I didn 't need to , but I couldn 't see through Maddy 's eyes .
tr	O	她眨眼看着一堆堆的书和她曾用作枕头的日记本。
tr	O	这一动作使他的勃起顶住我，并且我们都僵住了。
tr	O	子弹穿透了索尔的腹部，但是索尔再次没有反应。
tr	O	泪水涌上她的眼眶，并且她的手挥去了它们。
tr	O	她没有回答，但是他还是继续了。
tr	O	她长时间地与我对视，但是她的表情如此冷淡，我怀疑我是否让她多想了一秒。
tr	I	Nothing I couldn 't handle , but I ran up some debts .
tr	O	我的视线模糊了，并且我的胃翻腾起来。
tr	O	德维什喊叫着，伸出手去抓她，但是他来不及了。
tr	I	The camp packed up and tents were taken down .
tr	O	他确定自己一秒前还知道，但是现在一切都模糊了，被遗忘了。
tr	O	餐厅在主楼，并且我独自一人坐在桌旁。
tr	I	I needed to stay calm , but I felt my anger rising .
tr	I	She began to relax in his presence and there was no charm coming from him .
tr	O	这是最后一道防线，但是威廉知道他们守不住。
tr	O	我听到黑密斯在远处叫我，但是他以他目前的状态是找不到我的。
tr	I	The shift of power in this form hung on the tiniest thread of thought , but I was in control .
tr	O	每块肌肉都有清晰的弧度，就像他经常锻炼一样，但是我从未见过他做任何事。
tr	I	Visiting her grandmother the summer I turned fourteen and she 'd been three years older than me .
tr	I	That 's when Ali said we had to move , and I wiped the tears that were about to burst from my eyes with my sweaty hands .
tr	I	This wasn 't love , and he wasn 't Simon .
tr	I	It felt like an acceptable question to ask , but I didn 't know any of the dance clubs .
tr	I	Their displeasure was more because of Jeff than anything he had done , but Willy had tried his best to please the customers .
tr	I	Actually it was worse , but you would think that the light would make the woods less creepy .
tr	O	技术人员只恢复了很少的数据，但是他们确实得到的东西却很有趣。
tr	O	你没有告诉她，并且我让你告诉我。
tr	I	His funny , homely face lit up , his almost iridescent blue eyes sparkling and he grinned .
tr	O	他冲回黑暗中，藏匿起来，但是他并没有停下。
tr	O	我希望我能不理会那条评论，但是我做不到。
tr	I	Rachel sat there , feeling tipsy , happily singing to the music on the radio , but the back seat was jammed full .
tr	O	自从朱莉回到沙龙后他就一直站在她旁边，并且朱莉将手沿着他的背抚摸。
tr	O	我每天服药，并且我从未漏服过一次。
tr	O	她的丈夫找到了她，并且她最糟糕的恐惧正在成为现实。
tr	O	显然他把盘子扔到了墙上，并且邻居们不喜欢这噪音。
tr	I	His eyes darkened with uncertainty , and his brows pulled together .
tr	O	她只是她昔日自我的一个空壳，并且她不喜欢她变成了什么样。
tr	I	To them it was important , but he didn 't care about that .
tr	I	She was able to work it up and she wiggled the section of wood until it gave a raucous screech .
tr	I	His lips were cracked and his skin was pale .
tr	I	He lowered himself down on top of me , and his hand reached down to my hips .
tr	I	He said he couldn 't teach me but I asked him how he did it .
tr	I	Stalker camped out nearby , and I was used to Fade , Tegan .
tr	I	It didn 't , but I waited for my head to hurt .
tr	O	我正沉入地下，并且我的嘴里充满沙子。
tr	O	他的声音低了下来，并且他的口音也淡了。
tr	I	I reflexively looked up to see a dark figure , eyes piercing my heart and the scent of roses filled my nostrils .
tr	I	His eyes never left mine but he nodded as if answering a question .
tr	O	一些雪仍然留在较高的海拔地区，但是其他地方已有迹象表明春天即将来临。
tr	I	My blood pressure shot up a bit and I was a bit upset after the fall .
tr	O	他的皮肤继续发痒，并且他希望这没有暴露他。
tr	I	Having a hot bath and remember my experiments with the RTG ?
tr	I	She shucked off the red-hot shame , but the words threatened to lodge in her chest , refusing to come out .
tr	O	他多年前差点犯那个错误，并且从那以后一直避开它。
tr	I	She 's always gone along with what Grandpa decides , but there 's a hint of sadness in her voice .
tr	O	我的身体终于开始变暖，继而温暖了他的身体，并且他的颤抖减缓了。
tr	I	It came out sounding more biting but I tried to say it calmly .
tr	I	She slammed the door behind him and he quickly departed .
tr	I	Somehow I found myself there , but I don 't remember walking back to Gloria 's room .
tr	O	太阳可能正在下山，但是这也有可能是暴风云的黑暗遮蔽了太阳所致。
tr	O	塔比莎的呼吸一窒，并且她涨红了脸。
tr	O	他高举火把，但是它开始熄灭了。
tr	O	爸爸因为生病而离开了我们，并且是他该与天使们团聚的时候了。
tr	O	我的手机又响了，并且我朝它看去。
tr	I	The primitive fever had melted into a river of desire that turned her bones to water and he kissed her until her head was spinning .
tr	I	It didn 't matter to him , but they couldn 't hear him .
tr	I	The principal would be under clear instructions to alert them and the security would be waiting .
tr	I	She opened her mouth to accept his offering , and then he moved it toward her .
tr	I	Now he was connected to the case through other means , and this man knew about the victims .
tr	I	I kept and he had least had the decency to ignore the close quarters Helen .
tr	I	Then the nurse , mercifully , returned , but Amanda Beyer started to lung forward .
tr	O	那个女人挑了挑眉，并且我把铭文递给了她。
tr	I	The last thing Emily wanted was to keep yet another secret from someone , and this wasn 't a way to start a friendship .
tr	I	It went on for a very long time , but there was only the ever-changing now .
tr	I	I was the one that spoke to him the most and I grunted a few words at him ?
tr	O	我们不会攻击，直到我们有机会赢得这场胜利，或者她强迫我们采取行动。
tr	I	She could always be counted on to insert logic into a situation , but tess may look like the cliched blonde that jokes were modeled after .
tr	I	I stifled a groan , and I hate group projects .
tr	O	我不认为其他人也是如此，但是我们摆脱了被围困的生活。
tr	O	戴尔根本不可能杀人，而且迈克无权指控他。
tr	I	I liked her madly , and now I had no desire to pretend we 'd ever be in love .
tr	I	She 'd only checked in with him once and she supposed she couldn 't blame him since she 'd been deliberately vague on her sudden trip .
tr	I	A slow trust had begun to build between us , and I 'd come to expect him just as much as he seemed to expect me .
tr	I	We just stood there silently , gazing at the word Imagine , and I rested my head against his chest , my arm around his waist .
tr	O	他们会在短时间内得到喂养，但是寡妇审判只会持续几周。
tr	O	鲍比猛地穿过许多没有交通管制的十字路口，而且很快他们就到了一个完全陌生的小镇区域。
tr	O	其中有几个坏了，而且出现了一片深紫色的瘀伤，暗示着内出血。
tr	O	其他人会和她玩耍，在她怀里哭泣，和她一起度过漫漫长夜……但是彼得罗在那天早上知道了一个真相。
tr	O	他们是公众偶像，而且卡罗琳是其中一部分。
tr	I	A bottle of wine stood waiting for our arrival and candles flickered on the table .
tr	I	You 'll look sexy as hell driving it , and you do belong in a car like this .
tr	O	迦勒姆动了，他的衣服撕裂了，而且他猛扑向肖恩。
tr	I	His grip on Benjy 's shoulder tightened , and Knox didn 't meet my eye .
tr	I	Once you sliced it with a sharp knife , it fell into pieces but there were layers upon layers like an onion .
tr	O	我的心提到了嗓子眼，而且我差点吓得魂飞魄散。
tr	I	Call me Kyle , but I am a Sheriff 's Deputy .
tr	I	His lips cocked , and Hudson 's ears perked .
tr	O	他的手指猛地一拉，并且她赤身裸体，任他触碰。
tr	O	警长不知该作何感想，而且片刻之后，他便让他们独处了。
tr	I	Sadie began to bark and Rodney stepped from behind a tree .
tr	O	科尔看着我，似乎在寻求某种解释，而且我耸了耸肩。
tr	I	Jacques smiles shyly , and Cheers go up .
tr	O	如果弗雷德里克不成为王位候选人，那对所有人都是最好的，但是利奥波德知道那是不可能的。
tr	I	She stayed awake for hours , deep into the night , and her heart raced .
tr	I	Her long nails were painted in a variety of glittering colors , and each graceful finger wore a ring .
tr	I	Sweat immediately dampened her brow , and the heat hit her like a furnace blast .
tr	I	Her voice grew clipped , and she 'd begun to turn red .
tr	I	It worsened , but Franz thought his malaise would subside when the church service started .
tr	O	她愿意给他几乎任何东西，而且说出真相很容易。
tr	I	He has some cuts on his face and his skin is covered in black soot .
tr	O	他的鼻子捕捉到她突然高涨的欲望，而且他走近她，消弭了他们之间的小距离。
tr	I	He reached behind me to tangle his fingers in the long strands of my hair , and I let my head fall back .
tr	O	我当然是按照我们排练的方式唱的，保留了那份性欲的渴望，但是总感觉少了些什么。
tr	I	She really did not know where their relationship stood , and it was complicated .
tr	I	I hurried out of Lei 's office to answer it , and my desk phone started ringing .
tr	O	罗杰在这些对话中断时通常会记得点头，但是他很难再多投入注意力。
tr	I	He pushed my hand away , but I repeated his name , trying to touch him .
tr	I	He wasn 't looking at the painting , but he stared at a Monet again .
tr	O	她看得出他有点开玩笑，但是她想确认他知道自己在做什么。
tr	I	I surely knew what that meant and I felt a little pressure in my head .
tr	O	我原打算把它们包起来，但是那些插图吸引了我的注意。
tr	I	I was starving , but it hadn 't been awhile since I had eaten something .
tr	I	It was to save his sister , and he 'd made his choice .
tr	O	她在喝了几杯烈酒后很快就将那杯葡萄酒一饮而尽，并且我看得出她已经有感觉了。
tr	O	我知道我做这份工作树立了不少敌人，但是他们中没有人会采取如此个人化的报复。
tr	O	她跪起来，试图获得更好的视野，但是白雾太浓了，遮盖了其下的神秘。
tr	O	我还没有讲完所有事情，但是我肯定会讲到的。
tr	I	McKay 's an entirely different proposition , but I could see him shooting Barrett .
tr	I	He peered over and I told him what was down there .
tr	I	Neither would she and he wouldn 't be standing here right now .
tr	I	The waitress appeared , and he raised his hand .
tr	I	The young woman steps out into a dimly lit corridor and the elevator door slides silently away .
tr	O	菲尔是最后一个，并且他一路都在抱怨。
tr	O	戴维不确定她是否完全清醒，但是他不想在这里质问她。
tr	O	他看起来和汤米年龄相仿，但是他穿着一套灰色三件套西装。
tr	I	Her shoulders quickly slumped again , but Cornelia 's eyes perked up at motion far down one end of the road .
tr	O	她是个成年女性，并且他是个好人。
tr	I	There was no point but I tried to say .
tr	O	我想后退，但是我站稳了脚跟。
tr	I	Sarah could not think of anything further to say that would not make things worse , and several long moments passed .
tr	O	他们大步走进电梯，并且我随即把门猛地关上。
tr	I	Me too small and he seemed too big .
tr	I	When she turned around , she looked more upset than surprised , but Isabelle 's shoulders tightened .
tr	I	It might make a hell of an interesting hobby , but it 'll never replace dishwashing as a satisfying career .
tr	O	他的拇指在我的手上画着小圈，并且这让我很难思考。
tr	I	I 'd hate to see that happen , and little parties could end that for you .
tr	O	出于绝望，她抓住了这个帮助的提议，并且她同意在他们的诊所住几个月。
tr	O	这让它变得更加激动人心，并且每个人都很享受。
tr	O	他伸出手去够她，但是她甩开了他。
tr	O	命运就是太阳将要落下，而且我们将会陷入黑暗。
tr	I	I relaxed into the rightness of being with him and the water streamed off his beautiful , tanned body .
tr	I	That 's harder than it sounds , but I 'm working to recruit more .
tr	I	A fourth smaller corridor tunneled through the rock , and the thoroughfare opened out into three major corridors .
tr	O	奥伯龙派帕克来把我带回去，而且我说服了他来帮助我。
tr	I	It had been friendly and they 'd been talking about his mom .
tr	O	他们必须……或者他们将永远回不了家。
tr	O	我没事，而且我在这里。
tr	O	冷空气撞击着我发烫的脸颊，而且我用拳头紧抓着我的头发。
tr	O	美妙的温暖传遍她的胸膛，而且她用灿烂的笑容回应了他的微笑。
tr	I	I ease on the brake until I stop , and Chapter 5 The light turns red .
tr	O	她扶他站起来，而且他们走回了卡车旁。
tr	O	乍看起来它很深，但是当我再往里走的时候，我意识到它实际上很浅。
tr	O	门开了，并且她又因恐惧而颤抖起来。
tr	O	他没有被捆绑，但是此时此刻，他别无选择。
tr	I	Dawson quickly gave her directions , and she hadn 't .
tr	O	你工作做得很好，但是我们只是殊途不同，仅此而已。
tr	O	他们以前并肩作战过，而且芬恩不会让他被人从背后砍倒。
tr	I	It used to be alive , and there was a body here , a body .
tr	I	She was stunned by the finality in his voice , but it was the answer she had expected .
tr	O	她的眼睛是浅蓝色的，并且她有一道激光般的目光。
tr	O	马特倚着门等待，这时一辆马车驶了过来，并且酒馆里的人开始把一桶桶麦酒滚到车厢上。
tr	O	我喜欢她触摸我的方式，但是我不敢冒险再进一步。
tr	O	迪伊将她的右肘向后甩去，直到碰到皮特的下巴，并且他倒下了。
tr	O	他看着我，扬起了一道眉毛，并且接着擦去了额头上湿漉漉的头发。
tr	I	We behaved as if it wasn 't but of course we knew it was changing .
tr	O	一小把薯条也被扔在盘子里，并且旁边还有一小团番茄酱。
tr	I	Instinctively I knew what he was saying to the boy he wrestled , but a child shouted in a language I didn 't understand .
tr	I	She strung him along anyway to see what he wanted , but she knew immediately the guy was faking .
tr	O	他们开始下楼，并且汤姆稍微放慢了脚步。
tr	I	I can see the clinic room , but it 's hazy at first .
tr	O	他试图表现出同情，但是那些话语却依然说得很生硬。
tr	I	I forced myself to rein in my temper , and then my gaze flicked to the crumbled stone in front of me .
tr	O	我们目前所获得的很棒，但是它买不到我们所需要的东西。
tr	O	我试图解释，但是他太生气了。
tr	I	The stars wink at me lazily , and I cradle it , enchanted .
tr	O	她感觉到他的手指在探索，抚摸着她娇嫩的肌肤，并且她全身的血液似乎都沸腾着冲向她的头部。
tr	I	As he uttered the words , he felt they were true , but Ryland would have said anything to take away her pain .
tr	I	Three days later I flew to California to see my sister , and I was being pulled by the feelings I had for my other family .
tr	I	I winced and sharp , slicing pain erupted behind my eyes .
tr	I	Her pleas evaporated , but she cried out .
tr	O	我不能阻止你，但是我不必如此。
tr	I	The man was too strong but Colton tried to twist the guard 's wrist as he slid across the floor .
tr	O	就在那时我意识到他的手正捧着我的脸，但是他并没有强迫我做他希望的事。
tr	I	Then nobody else did , either , but he didn 't have a thing to be ashamed of .
tr	I	He sat down again , and she left .
tr	O	他把我留在那里和金在一起，并且我听到了铁门关上的声音。
tr	I	She hits the wall , and I move him quickly .
tr	O	贾里德的笑容消失了，并且他咬紧了牙关。
tr	O	汽车噗噗作响，并且发动机启动了。
tr	I	I heard her return to frantically texting and Evangeline perked up .
tr	I	She was grateful for it and she needed his hypothetical support .
tr	I	John 's body relaxed and the pain ceased .
tr	O	嵌在石头里的是一种形式，它在地球样本中可能被认为是寻常的，然而在陨石中却是完全不可思议的。
tr	I	He needs help , and he 's here .
tr	O	他摘下帽子，露出他完美的发型，并且在他的帽子里，放着一个信封。
tr	O	我可能晚了礼拜，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	He pointed up to where a bow of mistletoe hung , and lifting her back to her feet , she shot him a look of disappointment .
tr	I	She was nervous sitting there , with his eyes roaming all over her body and they had never made love with her on top before .
tr	O	我需要查阅我的书，但是是的，我相信那是他们的象征。
tr	O	莉亚滑上楼梯，并且其他人跟在她后面。
tr	O	终于到了午餐时间，并且我走向了自助餐厅。
tr	I	She spat thin , gravelly soil from her mouth and rough stones tore at her jeans .
tr	I	I 've known him half my life and I 've worked there for two years .
tr	I	She could still see the sneer on Alex 's face , but she wanted to say how proud she was of her .
tr	O	他说洛根出了问题，并且他不知道该怎么办。
tr	I	He takes it to heart , and Vengeance is a serious business .
tr	O	如果上帝真的站在正义一边，她的部族就会赢得胜利，并且她会和丈夫一起回家。
tr	O	我也读过相关内容，没有到那种程度，但是我很赞同你说的很多。
tr	O	瞥见不具有挑衅性，但是给我一种我不该看的感觉。
tr	I	I remembered what my father always told me , and my heart pounding , I mentally scrambled for a logical explanation .
tr	I	He could take his full slice home for later , and she made a deal with Hank to share hers .
tr	O	他的头发不是金色的，而是铂金色的：与曼弗雷德的颜色相同，但是新来者的头发是自然的。
tr	I	I don 't trust him and I don 't like him .
tr	I	There were no more tears , but her sadness grew heavier suddenly .
tr	I	She turned her head to the jury and Frau Engel cleared her throat .
tr	O	你的奶奶擅长很多事情，但是她不适合执行这种任务。
tr	O	冥界开启了，并且恶魔溶解回了他的领地，无法对抗我的力量。
tr	I	He stepped away with her but he looked a bit annoyed .
tr	O	她不想让他们停下来，然而她又害怕如果他们不停下来就会被活活烧死。
tr	O	当丽塔建议进行一项共享活动时，她支付了账单，并且当特德发出邀请时，他付了钱。
tr	O	温德尔可能不关心他们发生了什么，但是我当然关心。
tr	O	泪水顺着她的脸颊流下，并且她抽泣着。
tr	O	当我走到我的车旁时，我上了车，并且我驶向了警察局。
tr	I	It wasn , t the woods of Mendocino , but he saw a dark woods .
tr	I	He had to check the program , but he couldn 't keep the appointment now .
tr	O	事实上外面没有任何人感兴趣，但是里面有布里克所需的所有配件，以达到无法言喻的舒适。
tr	I	The wind had picked up quite a bit and it had grown much colder .
tr	I	They didn 't pay any attention but Sounds of battle carried on around them .
tr	I	She stepped back off the stage and he stepped up to the mike .
tr	O	艾吉奥试图重新装填，但是士兵们已经开始往木筏方向回走了。
tr	I	Both can be used for defense , and both can be used for offense .
tr	O	里面没有窗户，但是尽管如此，它并不暗。
tr	I	She hid her anger well , but Jennifer was angry .
tr	O	这并不能摆脱她的追踪者，但是这能给她一些喘息的空间。
tr	O	多诺万已经疯了，并且他的兄弟们无法控制他。
tr	O	她让我进去了，而且她以前从未这样做过。
tr	O	我需要更多的耕种面积，并且我需要水来滋润土壤。
tr	O	我不知道你是怎么做到的，但是你总是从第一页就把我吸引到故事里。
tr	O	很明显，这些书有些是印刷的，并且有些则不是。
tr	I	His need to work the spell overrode it , but his self-loathing filled him again .
tr	O	他显得很不舒服，并且莎拉想知道是什么如此困扰着他。
tr	O	她睡得很沉，但是那并不重要。
tr	O	我深爱你的兄弟们，但是你在我心中永远比任何人都更重要。
tr	O	我靠回枕头上，并且塞斯再次闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	I fought an urge to jump back and Mad Rogan 's magic brushed against me .
tr	I	We had a long day tomorrow and it had been a long night .
tr	I	He knew her better than that , but Seth would 've thought she did it to show off .
tr	O	他的身体绷紧了，就像他刚刚挨了一拳，但是他继续不眨眼地盯着她。
tr	I	It was true but it was insane .
tr	I	That was a crime , and to remain silent was to hinder prosecution .
tr	O	他的动作流畅，并且他的攻击强劲。
tr	I	That was terribly inconvenient , and a full moon over a snow-covered landscape really puts out a lot of light .
tr	O	正当我感到胃部因释放的开始而收紧时，她的手放开了我，并且她的另一只手稳定了我的臀部。
tr	I	Instead I had doctors picking me apart , but I wanted to die that day .
tr	O	这不是玩具，并且你绝不能乱动Hex乳液。
tr	I	He seemed confused and someone standing their ground in front of him was something new .
tr	O	下午快要结束了，并且傍晚正在临近。
tr	O	这很奇怪，但是这让人松了口气。
tr	I	The top of her head was a frizzy mess , and her hair hung across her shoulders in big curls .
tr	I	The man is a bore , but he might look like Declan .
tr	O	詹宁斯坐在布里克斯顿监狱里，并且托尼·魏在一个安全屋里。
tr	O	她会和任何人调情，但是她却不属于任何人。
tr	I	She was starving and at the very least she 'd get fed .
tr	O	我不是酒馆历史学家，所以不知道它们有多准确，但是当时我心情很奇怪。
tr	I	It 's so sexy , and he has one-day stubble on his jawline .
tr	O	卢修斯没有赶上吃饭，并且他不确定自己应该坐在哪张桌子。
tr	O	我试着向我的树解释过，但是它们就是不听。
tr	I	I was suddenly glad for more than one reason that he had laid his claim on me , and I was still in his arms .
tr	O	哈特曾教过埃莉诺她闻所未闻的乐趣，并且她知道他只是浅尝了他渊博的知识。
tr	O	她甚至试过蜷缩在沙发上，但是一想到他们在柔软的垫子上缠绵，就让她更加想念他。
tr	O	一个是给女朋友的，并且一个是给男朋友的。
tr	I	I hear a noise and he opens his mouth .
tr	I	That made him nervous and reports were sketchy about an armored brigade arriving .
tr	O	那些变形有点痛苦，但是穿越树林的兴奋感是值得的。
tr	I	The precious minutes in between would be like a lifetime , but someone would have been sent to gather our full forces .
tr	O	他看起来很高兴，并且埃莉很高兴她那天晚上邀请了他过来。
tr	O	也许这就可以了，并且卡罗琳可以继续她的生活。
tr	I	What writer doesn 't , but she has some cats ?
tr	O	杰克工作时间太长了，但是奥利维亚说什么都没能说服他分派一些任务。
tr	O	连艾萨克在我旁边都紧张起来，但是没有什么能比得上内森身体的僵硬。
tr	I	She wasn 't sure where he was , but the air moved a little .
tr	I	Uriel ´ s just sitting there and I look over to my left .
tr	O	斯隆知道那里有某种信息，但是她太头晕了，想不明白是什么。
tr	I	He doesn 't pick up , but I try calling his cell .
tr	O	我知道他让你受了不少苦，但是一想到他会没有家人我就受不了。
tr	O	有几种与迈克尔会面的方式，并且没有一种是吸引人的。
tr	O	他在我身边坐到地板上，并且我们的膝盖碰在了一起。
tr	O	每个人都说他们讨厌听到气泡膜被按爆的声音，但是每个人都还是会那么做，所以为了保持传统，我自己也按爆了几个气泡。
tr	O	她的身体在床上像个小火炉般灼热，并且靠近她的温暖令人舒适。
tr	O	我张大了嘴巴，并且笑得有点太大声了。
tr	O	他想说些什么，任何话，来抹去她眼中受伤的神情，但是他的嘴巴太干了。
tr	I	Her head jerked as she looked right at me and her mouth dropped open .
tr	O	我又抱了他一下，并且他像筋疲力尽一样靠在我身上。
tr	I	It made for a fairly heady aphrodisiac and mix that fire with her sheer vulnerability to him .
tr	O	她的小手紧抓着臀部旁的床单，并且她的手臂颤抖着。
tr	O	我只剩下一周时间可以逃跑，而且我可能在那一周里都在从鞭打中恢复。
tr	O	他的眼神变得遥远，并且他非常微弱地笑了。
tr	I	I began to worry and there was a mean streak in them .
tr	O	那只黑豹的肩膀高达我的腰部，并且它的身长比我的身高还长。
tr	I	He 'd never let her get away from him , and if Rachel slept with him now , he 'd assume he 'd won .
tr	I	Then a lace parasol standing behind the mirror , and Ellie found kid gloves in a drawer next to the women 's clothes .
tr	I	He quickly recovered but Beale 's eyes bugged out a bit .
tr	I	Virgil fired , anyway , but Horse cried when he realized what Virgil was about to do .
tr	I	You don 't get the maps or I 'm going .
tr	I	The sight made me laugh and she looked like the typical cliche popular girl .
tr	O	X光片滑过地板，并且我把它递给肖恩。
tr	I	His eyes narrowed a bit as he looked me over , and my voice was a little panicked when I said that .
tr	O	P.J.在一次任务中出了大错，而且她在情感余波中离开了。
tr	I	Therefore , they don 't qualify to live in the Inner Circle , and these are people like yourself who don 't quite qualify for Hell .
tr	I	She had been having a different dream - but she tried to make it a dream .
tr	O	她试图清空思绪，但是那是不可能的。
tr	I	It might not mean survival , but being captured was one way to get into the castle .
tr	O	疑虑明显在消散，并且她等待他的解释。
tr	O	我等着他问我是否可以，并且我不知道我会说什么。
tr	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew it was rude .
tr	I	He would not be ignored , but I ended the phone call , refusing to acknowledge William 's presence one foot away from me .
tr	I	I took off , and Instinct kicked in .
tr	I	She nestled against him , and slowly her resistance melted .
tr	I	Daniel knew he would come up short , and Smith had just thrown up a Hail Mary pass .
tr	O	也许她很迟钝，但是她不明白他在说什么。
tr	I	I drew back slightly , and the hair piled high on her head whacked me in the mouth .
tr	O	伊恩的脸在黑暗中是一团苍白的模糊，但是哈特几乎看不到其他东西。
tr	O	我想了一会儿，并且它消失了。
tr	I	She shook tears from her eyes , and a shuddering wave of loss shot through her .
tr	O	他又大口喝了一口咖啡，并且我笑了。
tr	I	He counted the numbers and Roger was now back in charge of the platoon once more .
tr	O	我想为最坏的情况做准备，但是我甚至不知道那会是什么。
tr	I	Skylar grunted as he lost his footing and they strode purposefully outside .
tr	I	I know that I can 't have both of them , but I wish I could have him all to myself .
tr	O	我接了电话，但是派珀在我还没来得及说你好之前就开始喊叫。
tr	O	仅仅是你可能背叛我的暗示就让我陷入了混乱，并且我无法摆脱。
tr	I	He could commit to saving as many people as possible , but he couldn 't change the past .
tr	I	Liam gave me a look , and my cell phone rang then .
tr	O	我因踩踏而获得报酬，并且就那样了。
tr	O	座椅里可能有一个电热板，并且它花了一些时间才加热。
tr	I	He 's wrong , and nothing could be further from the truth .
tr	O	她身体紧绷起来，并且她的手按平在他的胸膛上，仿佛她会试图把他推开。
tr	I	Elle was safe and Aran breathed a sigh of relief , knowing that the situation was diffused .
tr	O	我低头看着我的手，它们正忙着冲洗一个啤酒杯，并且我能感觉到我的脸颊在发烫。
tr	O	我们通过一个隧道进入了矿井，但是我们被迫从另一个隧道出来。
tr	O	按下按钮，房子亮了起来，并且三扇车库门中的一扇打开了。
tr	I	I couldn 't resist laughing , and I watched Brodie lunge forward only to plow into the goopy water head first .
tr	I	I just don 't know anymore , but well , Reece was my friend .
tr	I	Now they 'd caught up with him , and he 'd been avoiding the cops .
tr	O	狱警们有时开玩笑说，你可以把一个稻草人放进狱警的盔甲里，并且方圆百里内的每个驻军都会为此感到无比自豪。
tr	I	We will not take it for granted and that chance is finally in our grasp .
tr	O	这需要很大的力气，但是我猛地挣脱了他的手臂。
tr	O	旁边有一个缺口，并且罗洛解释道。
tr	O	百般驳斥涌上她的唇边，但是她努力地压制住了。
tr	O	她问道，试图把手从他手里抽出来，但是他紧紧地握住她的手，不让她抽走。
tr	I	They refrained from immediately shooting , but rifles pointed .
tr	O	我感到一阵轻微的尴尬，但是我在他的字条中得到了安慰。
tr	I	She had been his best friend , but they had only been children .
tr	O	塔克去上体育课，而我去了代数课。
tr	I	She set her sights on finishing the job the mealy-mouthed ministers had only started and the taxation protest was immediately put on hold .
tr	O	他已经从流感中康复了，但是他有心事。
tr	O	他回家时并没有他以为的那么安静，并且他在屋子里的醉酒动作立刻吵醒了他的父母。
tr	O	我看得出来他不会告诉我名字，并且在我看来，这真的不重要。
tr	I	He doesn 't react but I widen my eyes at him .
tr	I	Their eyes met in the comradeship of men who have been in danger together , and he shook Frank 's hand .
tr	I	At that moment it had returned with a vengeance , but some days , my appetite seems to leave me .
tr	O	我站在热水下面直到水用完，并且我开始感到冷了。
tr	O	我飞过她身边，并且当我撞到地上时地面颤抖了。
tr	O	杰克可能想抛弃她，但是他不会离开他的船。
tr	O	他努力表现得开心，但是当他宣读结婚誓词时，他脑子里想的都是维多利亚。
tr	I	I 'm just bombarded by humiliation and I close my eyes at night .
tr	O	一个年轻的男人站在那里，穿着一套西装，并且他相当英俊。
tr	O	很明显，我需要一个伪装，但是我相当确定我能找到一些可以应付过去的东西。
tr	O	重要的是萨利娜死了，并且她再也不能伤害任何人了。
tr	I	Now I 'm not so bad , but I used to be afraid of heights when I was younger .
tr	O	她把小猫抱进怀里，并且小猫几乎立刻就开始打呼噜了。
tr	I	Unsure if I could make it work , but I hesitated , seeing the unmistakable benefit .
tr	I	Her whole hand went into it , and she exerted a little more pressure .
tr	I	Everyone 's focus would be on me , and I could create absolute chaos by setting off the fireworks .
tr	I	We 'll let him have some and he 'll want to take that off you .
tr	O	我们坐了下来，并且食物就送上来了。
tr	O	我问道，我的感官仍因那个吻而嗡嗡作响，但是现实却像一泼冷水般袭来。
tr	O	我想质问他，但是首先我需要阻止他们对我瞎操心。
tr	I	I laughed and Mitch 's excitement was contagious .
tr	O	他的话和刚才一样，但是它们的意义却发生了根本性的改变。
tr	I	Now he 's going to kill everyone I love and he got what he wanted .
tr	I	Several hit him , but most hit me .
tr	I	Below that was the head table where he 'd been dining , and his throne sat on a high pedestal .
tr	O	我知道我们需要谈谈，但是我却想等到晚饭后再说。
tr	O	他走过来想跳下一支舞，但是露丝却安静地拒绝了，说她累了。
tr	I	Saying it made it real , but she 'd known when she 'd left Brussels .
tr	O	再深入挖掘一下，因此你会意识到孩子们把BB枪看作一块垫脚石。
tr	O	我哪里都看不到托比，但是我知道他没走远。
tr	O	她向我伸出手，但是我后退了一步。
tr	O	他问起你，而且我当时真的感到很不舒服。
tr	I	I could hear Adrian 's voice , and Light spilled in from that doorway .
tr	I	She frowned , and she caught him checking out her brain pattern .
tr	I	You have a long road ahead of you and we 've only been training for a week .
tr	O	他等着，但是我却说不出任何话来。
tr	I	Some things couldn 't wait for me to master my new hunger , but I had several more days of mindless feeding frenzies ahead .
tr	I	Its value couldn 't be measured in dollars , but it hadn 't been expensive .
tr	O	我让自己放松下来，并且我向这次经历敞开了心扉。
tr	O	那只羊被袭击的地方仍然很明显，但是这似乎并没有困扰羊群。
tr	I	Jan wriggled safely away and he hauled back on the towel .
tr	I	It swung a paw at her , claws out and the old woman reached down to stroke the fierce one .
tr	I	Several black feathers floated in the air and the bird rolled .
tr	I	She still didn 't resist and he pulled her even closer .
tr	O	那些记忆大多是支离破碎的，但是我确信我会回忆起那件事。
tr	O	他看着她的眼睛，仔细观察她的反应，并且他知道她对他的兴趣和他对她的兴趣一样大。
tr	O	帮助我们解决这个问题，并且你将终身无忧，无论你想要什么。
tr	I	The pain clearly showed in his eyes , but he smiled .
tr	I	I don 't care , but I know he 's searching for kind words .
tr	I	She hugged him , crying , and Kody scooped her up into his huge arms .
tr	O	她差点说不，但是真相还是说出来了。
tr	I	I heard it but then a stray thought , not meant for me .
tr	I	I can 't manage to remember the sentence I 've read a hundred times , but I can remember every detail of Levi 's outfit .
tr	I	Then was serious again , and he grinned briefly in spite of himself .
tr	I	Her eyes twinkled with sheer delight , and Scott cast her a warning glance .
tr	O	茱莉想象着里面挤满了其他只想继续伤害她的顾客，而且她开始后退。
tr	I	I finally had some breathing room , and the doors opened .
tr	I	It would be a shame to hold them down and these girls are far too intelligent for this school .
tr	O	惩罚与罪行不符，而且他无力改变它的走向。
tr	I	The nurse is working with the IV and Lake is sitting up on the side of the bed .
tr	O	她反而冲向了吕西安，而且我一言不发地让她接手。
tr	I	I smoothed wisps of soft , blond hair away from her face , and she laid her cheek against my knee .
tr	I	She recognized her mother and Kara 's eyes adjusted .
tr	I	Her mouth worked itself into a skewed smile and he put his hands on her shoulders .
tr	O	即便如此，她仍然不愿把手拿开，而且她在他身边站了很久。
tr	O	当他们离开车站时，雨点渐止，而且几分钟内他们就沐浴在正午的阳光下。
tr	O	这不会是好事，而且这让我很紧张。
tr	I	At least this time I was ready for the blow , but his hand swung out again .
tr	O	我们正在进行一场无声的战争，而且我们都知道她正在获胜。
tr	I	He didn 't say much but I could tell he was upset .
tr	O	我（很）犹豫，但是她劝服了我，告诉我无需害怕。
tr	O	我咒骂，并且他叫我别当傻瓜。
tr	O	他的眼睛扫过她，并且她感到身上发热。
tr	O	亨利的房子也不例外，并且十五分钟之内他已经走进航站楼，寻找阿拉斯加航空公司的售票柜台。
tr	I	Then I felt the power radiating from her , but I felt her flinch as our hands touched .
tr	O	我不知道她是否也知道，但是我至少可以告诉她这个好消息。
tr	O	南方，可萨人正忙着在瀑布区保护商人，但是我们知道，最终他们也将会北上。
tr	O	他仍然不适应那个想法，但是他正在努力适应它。
tr	O	自然不是静态的，因此我认为不可能完全与它和谐相处。
tr	O	巴沙呻吟着，想知道是不是有更多的劫匪，但是他得知情况比这糟糕得多。
tr	O	我试图逗她开心，但是她往日的活力不见了。
tr	O	数百万人的生命取决于这一小时的结果，并且没有时间被个人恩怨分心。
tr	I	She hadn 't expected him to move quite this fast , but sure , they 'd been making progress , growing closer .
tr	O	他的容貌模糊了，并且他变成了一个无形的团块，尽管我仍然听到尖叫声。
tr	I	Righty 's horn was still missing , but Lefty 's arm had been reattached , though it hung limply at his side .
tr	I	Carlo didn 't give her a chance but Kate wanted to argue .
tr	I	The sun was bright , and it was a warm day .
tr	O	我召唤了血液，并且她的伤口喷涌而出。
tr	I	When they did this , they quickly regretted the action , but the tunnel 's mouth was big enough for them to pass through .
tr	I	I sensed we were getting closer , but my watch showed the counter had only 12 minutes remaining .
tr	O	我独处，并且很快我的幻象就不再只是间谍任务了。
tr	I	He looked up immediately and she cleared her throat .
tr	O	她朋友灿烂的笑容消失了，并且一脸担忧取而代之。
tr	O	我十八岁，并且艾米十四岁。
tr	I	Daniel 's and Mary Elise forced herself not to wince at the sight of a baby that too easily could have been hers .
tr	O	克里斯在门口守门，并且我们在名单上，所以我们能够绕过那看似一英里长的队伍。
tr	O	几十双眼睛盯着我，并且突然间我感到痛苦地不自在。
tr	I	I had to look at him and I froze .
tr	O	我想我说这话时抽动了一下，但是至少我想出了一些东西。
tr	O	这一枪打偏了，并且他迅速站了起来。
tr	O	他们种了一些卷心菜，但是它们都被吃光了。
tr	I	I could not possibly take his room , but it was beautiful .
tr	I	It doesn 't really matter what she serves , but she 's made some sort of linguine concoction .
tr	O	他通常不喜欢纹身，但是她有一些部落风格的东西，蜿蜒地伸到她的衬衫袖子下面。
tr	O	愧疚啃噬着她的心，但是这是为了自保。
tr	I	Joy soaked through her like light , but ' Now , tell me about you , ' Sara insisted , trying to be serious .
tr	I	It would have been rude to raise it , but I hate instant coffee .
tr	O	她的旁边放着一台收音机，并且她俯身打开了它。
tr	I	It sends birds flying from the trees crashing to the ground and she laughs .
tr	O	她只是打了个盹，但是感觉很棒。
tr	O	她不确定那是什么，但是听起来像竞选模式。
tr	I	I can 't face anyone right now but I feel guilty knowing Eddie is waiting on me .
tr	O	他们不被允许进入基地，但是数百名，甚至可能是数千名记者在基地前门附近搭建了临时住所。
tr	O	我站在那里，在阴影中，试图弄清楚该做什么，但是很难思考。
tr	I	It 's as though they never existed , and a single keystroke , a metal door sliding shut .
tr	O	不知怎的，我不认为他只得到了那些，但是甚至假装那是一个选择也没有意义。
tr	O	我们的记忆片段消失了，并且我心中感到一阵空虚。
tr	O	他笑了，并且那是一种如此真诚的快乐声音，让我的心活了起来。
tr	O	这场争吵引起了另一名骑马的掠夺者的注意，并且那个名叫汉默的男人走过来看看发生了什么。
tr	I	The dwarf fell and he stunned him .
tr	I	He thought that they had hidden her near that spot , and he said he had killed a very tall blond girl .
tr	I	He didn 't look at me but his hand gave mine a squeeze .
tr	O	我打开收音机，只是为了找点东西分散注意力，但是那并没有帮助，我仍然在想乔。
tr	I	Now he had to figure out who was next on the list for the killers , but he could concentrate on these things later .
tr	I	He was doing his best to help them , but they might never know it .
tr	O	她通常能很好地接受赞扬，但是瑞德却不同。
tr	O	我的眼睛睁开了，并且我的身体也动了起来。
tr	I	I believed him but I could have been wrong .
tr	I	Chimneys rising high into the clouds , and Grand for these times , with its stucco walls made to look like stone .
tr	O	我们失去了生命中唯一的光明，并且也无法从我们存在的疯狂中得到解脱。
tr	O	米娅已经知道她要给他什么答案，但是她也知道现在还不是说出的时候。
tr	I	He is sitting on the ground with his back to the wall looking mighty comfortable , and she looks at him .
tr	O	我知道你想激怒我，但是你所做的一切只是让我更加坚定。
tr	O	宽慰涌遍他全身，并且泪水充满了他的眼睛。
tr	O	我的眼睛刺痛，但是我把眼泪眨了回去。
tr	O	她当然明白了，并且她再也不想经历那一切了。
tr	O	我的心怦怦直跳，但是海伦娜平息了它。
tr	I	My suspicion soared , and he took a step back .
tr	I	Her heart sank when she saw it was covered with a thin grey layer of ash and she opened the door to her room .
tr	O	他那饱经风霜的耳朵在过去几年里离爆炸声太近了，但是它们仍然是一流的。
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't run again , and it ate away at me .
tr	O	有时候这些事情会发生，而且没有答案。
tr	O	他们的脸上都沾满了泥土，而且每个人都很瘦。
tr	I	He told her not to worry but she offered to clear up .
tr	O	警察还在那里，但是他们现在很累了，眼睛无神，下巴松弛。
tr	I	The problem was growing and people feared walking the streets .
tr	I	Cassandra yelled again and a shout rang out from the front .
tr	O	他松开了一只手臂，并且她的脸向前垂了下来。
tr	I	Her grandmother wasn 't in bed , but intent on getting into a pair of sweatpants , she started toward her bedroom .
tr	O	她能闻到拜伦身上阳刚的气味，而且不知为何，它吸引着她。
tr	O	完美小姐跟着索伦走到桌边，并且朱利安在她停在他面前时站了起来。
tr	I	Now we dominate the African delegation and we 've lobbied hard to get our people into strategic roles .
tr	I	Other seldom used punctuation , and he would retreat back to his world where emotions were displayed with colons , brackets .
tr	I	One of the guards said something , motioning for me to stop , but I started to tear the sleeve of the padding of my armour .
tr	I	Yet another roll call was made and an SS guard was given a list of the names of those in that group .
tr	O	克莱尔几乎能尝到加了青柠片的滋补品那种清凉提神的味道，并且她喝了一大口水润喉。
tr	O	那是一个影子，但是它不是我的。
tr	I	My breathing had slowed due to the cold , and the Death Walkers chill nipped at my heels .
tr	I	She played hostess to my brother 's wife and the lady of the keep directed the welcoming of my kin .
tr	I	Her mouth fell open and Silken 's eyes widened .
tr	O	保罗慢慢地向我伸出手，小心翼翼地不以他的缓慢动作吓到我，并且他把我拉到他的胸前。
tr	O	玛拉最初是他的受害者，并且她后来让他成为了她的。
tr	O	声音很微弱，但是他听到了。
tr	O	我看着他，并且他给了我一个那种半边笑容。
tr	I	James was well into his sixth , and Teddy was on his fourth beer .
tr	O	寒意爬上他的脊椎，并且他的肌肉绷紧了。
tr	I	Now he had his own woman to dabble with , and Peter enjoyed dabbling .
tr	I	Darkness closed in around me as eternity claimed me as her own , and at last my eyelids grew heavy .
tr	O	我是洛根，并且这位可爱的女士是克莱尔。
tr	O	她的头被剃光了，因为惠特尼觉得这会妨碍他的实验，而且他需要将电极贴在她的头皮上。
tr	O	她不想放手，但是她准备好接受这个情况了。
tr	I	It was as if they had never been , and here the tracks had been worn away , under the sun of reason .
tr	O	最简单的方法是从头开始，但是我不会分享在阳台上发生的事情。
tr	I	I felt his warm lips moving against mine and I felt a sensation run throughout my body .
tr	I	I was in no rush to leave the warm kitchen but looking at my phone , I knew I should be heading home .
tr	O	我的手环住她的手臂，并且我试图制止她。
tr	I	That tower was too far but he turned to look the other way .
tr	O	司机轻笑了一声，并且约翰向前倾身。
tr	I	You can struggle your way through mediocrity alone and I will wash my hands of you on the court .
tr	O	尽管如此，他并不完全喜欢这样孤独，这种彻彻底底的孤独，并且他真的从来没有太喜欢过它。
tr	O	我不应该评判你，但是我情不自禁。
tr	I	I have my own questions but I don 't have time for games .
tr	O	我喜欢认为他知道，并且他可能确实知道。
tr	O	这让她很紧张，而且她几乎不认识艾米丽。
tr	I	I had to admit , what they had said unnerved me , but I wasn 't going to let them pull me into their lies .
tr	I	Then they were all yawning , fighting sleep , and Roar yawned , then Jupiter .
tr	O	我们停留的时间远没有我希望的那么长，但是我们的木材是生火所必需的，如果我们想吃饭。
tr	O	特雷斯的话很幽默，但是艾什却察觉到了话语下的严肃。
tr	I	They had red eyes that glowed in the darkness and their green skin was scaly like a snake 's .
tr	I	That hadn 't diminished his desire , but his injury meant he couldn 't get an erection anymore .
tr	I	The heavy oak door swung open and the deadbolt slid back .
tr	I	She remembered how they 'd turned hard during battle , but his eyes were soft eyes when he was relaxed .
tr	O	四位旅行者都排好队，并且保罗检查了每个人的负重。
tr	I	I couldn 't resist a smile when I saw Noah 's number , and my cell phone rang .
tr	I	Ian had chosen the lobster , and I had ordered the filet .
tr	I	His words were sharp glass , and then he spoke .
tr	I	She hoped that even though it was her day off , Emily would be inside and the sun was already on its way down .
tr	O	你不会带钱，除非你准备花钱，并且这意味着赌注不仅仅是一件伪造的雕塑。
tr	I	He lashed out , and his anger got the better of him .
tr	O	美国人普遍憎恨法国人，并且我当然也认同我同胞们的所有理由。
tr	O	一道旋转的黑暗闪光横亘在我们之间，并且我看到了月光王冠的银色叶子。
tr	O	他的呻吟声在强度上与我的相匹配，但是他把嘴移开了。
tr	O	我敲掉了其中一只眼睛，但是飞船继续缓慢向上升起。
tr	O	人群已经散去，而且莱利正在被一位来自外籍人士群体的英国人招待。
tr	O	他们已经好几个月没付房租了，而且他们把不受欢迎的人带进了社区。
tr	I	The weight fell away , and one look from him .
tr	O	他知道假以时日一切都会变得驾轻就熟，但是此刻却慢得令人恼火。
tr	O	大卫正在嚼着他的牛排，并且我没有免费教育这两个人的冲动。
tr	O	摩西点了点头，并且路易斯知道他终于有他的将军了。
tr	O	这不是我喜欢的一个，但是它能把事情办好。
tr	I	The women piled into the back , and Spook climbed up beside the coachman .
tr	O	在跳跃前，特德心存疑虑，但是他本不必如此。
tr	O	那是一次严厉的训斥，并且她铭记于心。
tr	O	没人回应我，而且我希望他们知道如何解决。
tr	O	从今以后，拥有并维系。
tr	I	She wore no makeup , which was Angel 's norm , and her thick blond hair was caught back in a ponytail .
tr	O	他的目光短暂地离开了路面，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	His brunette hair looks perfect along with his opalescent smile and his eyes remind me of two chocolate kisses .
tr	I	It is a steady dirge into the blinded night , and Predictability is safe .
tr	O	我能从她的声音中听出她快睡着了，而且说实话，我也同样疲惫。
tr	I	Fiona held up a hand and we turned a sharp corner in the tunnel .
tr	I	Hedges got it under control before he actually had to help him , but he reached over to turn the steering wheel .
tr	I	Her eyes were trained directly on me but I stopped briefly to look up since Mo hadn 't started .
tr	O	感觉过了好几个小时，但是很快我们的辛勤工作就结束了。
tr	I	I wasn 't ruling out his flying straight across the table , but I didn 't know what route he would take to get to Anton .
tr	I	Press him so hard yet oh , what a liar she had been to keep so much from him .
tr	O	你妈妈在那里等我，而且她不高兴。
tr	I	The one I am , but maybe not the son you thought you 'd have .
tr	O	她放开我，并且我暂时告别。
tr	I	It takes me a bit to reorient myself and my mind is going a mile a minute .
tr	O	我顺从地点点头，当所有人的目光回到我身上，并且他继续说时。
tr	O	她可能再也不想见到我了，而且我对此没意见。
tr	I	The blood bond brought him back , but matthias had not grown up on the Island like most of the brothers .
tr	O	他和她有同样的感觉，并且他无法处理。
tr	I	His lids wouldn 't budge but he tried to open his eyes .
tr	I	I was drawn to it simultaneously , but she damn near killed me with her sweetness .
tr	O	她离开了我的房间，并且我又独自一人了。
tr	O	她将是个难缠的家伙，但是我将全力以赴。
tr	O	当我移动时，我的手臂就抗议了，但是它没有以前那么疼了。
tr	I	They wouldn 't let her have proof she was safe , and they had tried to have her thrown out of her home ?
tr	O	艾米丽看起来太入迷了，而且这让他很恼火。
tr	O	他可能不是一个适合谈恋爱的人，但是当他们在一起时，她感到被珍爱。
tr	I	The clay beneath the city protects it , but the wooden pillars they built it on should have rotted away .
tr	O	他曾多次提出过，但是一直在Oasis工作是我的首要任务。
tr	I	She was very surprised by the beauty of this place and they were walking .
tr	O	她的舌头热情地与他的相遇，并且她的双臂紧紧地环住他的肩膀。
tr	I	What struck Danica was the look in her eyes , but Camille looked lovely in her satin gown .
tr	O	她的衣服不止一处破损，但是它们似乎知道该在哪里保持完好。
tr	I	Camelot was deserted and it was midnight .
tr	O	一个让她肌肉颤动，并且她的血管充满温暖。
tr	I	He slid his fingers in between her legs , and Desire shot through him , heating his blood .
tr	I	She 'd done a good job , and worked as hard as any man .
tr	O	一抹红晕掠过她的脸颊，并且我想知道她到底在想什么。
tr	O	我知道如果我足够逼他，他会屈服，但是我不要那样。
tr	O	建筑物围绕一个六边形庭院连接，并且整个建筑群酷似蜂巢。
tr	O	他没有抱怨重量，但是迪恩能看出来这很吃力。
tr	O	我挥手，而且她的眼睛瞪得巨大，就像她看到公园里的野生绿鹦鹉时一样。
tr	O	我蹭着走过那个通风口，所以我看不到他们，但是我仍然能听到。
tr	I	He lifts me up and his lips crush mine .
tr	I	I can 't , but I know he wants me to turn to look at him .
tr	O	祭坛通常放在这里，也就是教堂的臂部与中殿交叉之处，并且教堂被有效地分成了四部分。
tr	O	我会问她，当她看向窗外时在想些什么，而且她只会说，“一切，亲爱的。”
tr	I	Robert couldn 't blame her and Elizabeth was just as polite in return .
tr	O	我挤过人群，但是人行道很拥堵，使得移动速度难以快过走走停停。
tr	I	No one suspected Rema was hidden on the food cart , but people addressed the commander .
tr	I	That 's what gets me , but maybe that 's my fault .
tr	I	They tailed me all night tonight , and two others followed me home yesterday .
tr	O	他们认为我什么都做不了，而且他们认为马奇因为手臂不好需要被娇惯。
tr	O	他们来到了楼梯旁，并且埃米琳紧紧抓住了他。
tr	O	这个房间里充满了我的军队，并且我们会在无辜的人受到伤害之前战斗到死。
tr	O	最后几缕蒸汽消散了，并且格雷戈尔失去了速度。
tr	I	She could not see how many of them there were , and the men were shielded from her sight at the moment .
tr	O	曲调是传统的，但是歌词是新的。
tr	O	他直接走了进去，越过了门槛，并且忽略了迈克尔，好像他根本不在那里一样。
tr	I	There is no apparent way of opening it and ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ The door remained closed .
tr	O	他的语气带着可爱的专横，但是他脸上痛苦的表情几乎让她心碎。
tr	I	It seemed to glow red and Matthew placed his right thumb on his name .
tr	O	她回课堂上了几天课，但是那已是徒劳无功。
tr	O	他们都期待着什么，但是他并不介意。
tr	I	I doubt I would have thought to put any on , and I don 't recall seeing perfume among Charlie 's things .
tr	O	我确实让她走了，但是并不是因为她对自己说的那些原因。
tr	O	Aria屏住了呼吸，并且她停下了脚步。
tr	I	His mouth was just a horizontal line without lips and his bald head almost gleamed .
tr	I	I almost didn 't hear Jillian calling my name , and my brain began to buckle with all the possibilities .
tr	I	His hair black as pepper and his complexion was very dark .
tr	I	His eyes told a much different story , but his face was a mask of indifference .
tr	O	我意识到枪声已经停止了，并且除了我们四人，其他人都死了。
tr	O	你不想和你的妈妈说话，并且我明白。
tr	I	It splashed against an unseen barrier a foot away from his body , but Ramirez hurled a second shaft of green light at him .
tr	O	我会害怕在这样的活动中交流，并且我知道他们会害怕看到我出现在门口。
tr	I	She loves him fiercely , but they aren 't married .
tr	O	诚然，我的第六感并非万无一失，但是在这种情况下，它肯定会被触发的。
tr	I	He was tired of thinking about it , but Thomas knew it was a good point .
tr	O	她的眼睛因悲伤而变得湿润，并且一滴泪水从她的脸颊滚落。
tr	O	洛蕾莱醒来时，腿上压着重物，并且她的眼睛猛地睁开，打量着这间陌生的房间。
tr	I	We had been married on the spur of the moment and I explained that Rafe had swept me off my feet .
tr	I	I 'm here on this earth to stop you , and you 're here on this earth to do evil .
tr	O	我向塞拉竖起大拇指，并且我们继续游泳。
tr	I	Hearing it said out loud , baldly , hurt like hell , but I 'd pretty much figured Bill had lied to me .
tr	O	这种事情在野外从未被报道过，但是当时也没有人曾目睹过将新动物引入一个群体。
tr	I	He 'd been proven right and he 'd thought the idea was marketable .
tr	I	It set fire to the house before he died and he dragged the coals out into the room .
tr	O	她的手被绑着，但是弯刃刀尖的寒光仍在阴影中颤动。
tr	I	For the most part , these guys were the same , and I really don 't think he wanted to kill anybody .
tr	O	每位车主都必须按照特定规格在车库制作车牌，并且这些车牌并没有随着时间而改变。
tr	I	Where they were headed it would not be an issue , but it made them ride differently .
tr	I	His face looked lifeless and his eyes were shut .
tr	I	No one has seen two young women , but they questioned every traveler they encountered .
tr	O	有些人使用呼吸机，但是如果一个人需要呼吸帮助，这家医院的医生很少鼓励亲属让他们继续活着。
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she wanted sweet right now , but it was really sweet , everything he was saying .
tr	I	We 'd all be dead , or good thing our national security wasn 't on the line .
tr	O	博詹格尔先生仍然满足地坐着，并且我猜想特威利格女士选择这只猫是因为它性情温顺。
tr	I	My eyes were still fastened firmly to his shirt , not his face , but I nodded .
tr	O	她真是个傻瓜，而且她的愚蠢正在毁掉三条生命。
tr	O	他的眼中闪过一丝恼怒，并且她几乎没有忍住畏缩。
tr	I	She was still shuddering with tiny convulsions , and her scent dripped over me like nectar .
tr	O	他们分开时几乎是凌晨两点，但是回到肯尼亚已经是第二天早上。
tr	I	She started talking about one of her girlfriends one night , and when she first started , he hit on her pretty hard .
tr	O	我的肺灼烧，并且街道在摇晃。
tr	O	我从未纹过身，但是它可能以同样的方式运作。
tr	O	我找到她时没有对她撒谎，并且我现在也不会对她撒谎。
tr	I	He pulled out his Biology book and I pulled out my reading for History .
tr	O	这会需要一些努力，但是你仍然可以做到。
tr	O	乔纳森在我对面滑了进来，并且莉尔在他身后砰地关上门。
tr	O	赛琳娜的牙齿，当然，仍然是红色的，并且现在她盯着那袋糖果时感到恶心。
tr	I	Suddenly her body was everything , but he had never needed anything .
tr	O	它在西伦敦，并且她现在去其他更远的工作了。
tr	I	I lost one of my girls that day and I hadn 't been paying attention .
tr	O	就在那时另一群人进了门，并且我的心跳漏了一拍。
tr	I	After what seemed like a full minute , water spurted from the faucet and the rattling slowly began to subside .
tr	O	喊叫声四起，并且伊兹试图躲避挥舞的胳膊。
tr	O	地铁系统多年前就被废弃了，但是肯定有人把它当作庇护所。
tr	O	我一开始不知道她是什么意思，但是后来我想起了我曾告诉过她的话。
tr	O	她很完美，并且她属于他。
tr	O	第三次接吻结束了，并且艾丹退开了。
tr	I	His eyes were pleading as if he didn 't want me to leave and Dean was standing that time , still looking my way .
tr	I	She had become much stronger without even realizing it , but a few days ago , she would have succumbed .
tr	I	Walls had no mouths , but I tried to moan .
tr	I	If he wanted to find one treasure after another he would have to be where history was made and the two trips to Israel were unbelievable .
tr	I	She holds onto me and her hands move around my midsection to my back .
tr	O	他的声音低沉了下去，并且他的语气很诚恳。
tr	I	The pain is in full view and he looks up from the pot .
tr	O	我的胃痉挛了，并且眼泪灼烧着我疼痛的喉咙后部。
tr	O	他的小弟弟可能深谙野外之道，但是夜晚的城市对他来说是陌生的。
tr	O	当她完成时，她把脏盘子放进服务器里，并且它消失在墙壁里。
tr	I	The two brothers stared at each other for a long moment before Alaric released him and Alaric gripped Ewan 's arm .
tr	O	我不想让你失望，但是，我没有利用你。
tr	I	Crush outside was nothing to the crush inside and they made it through the door .
tr	O	他对乐来说不重，只是很笨重，并且我希望他的身体在我跑步时不会妨碍我。
tr	I	The tunnel became very dark and the door to the entrance was closing .
tr	I	She couldn 't help herself , but honest to God , she really did try not to look at him .
tr	O	萨姆的心脏在他的胸腔里剧烈跳动，并且他想知道自己是否能习惯她对他说那些话。
tr	I	I did not , but as we exited the church , I expected to feel better .
tr	I	In each of them , the first name was always Charles , but Charles had several aliases .
tr	O	我无法思考，并且我无法移动。
tr	I	She 's never judged me because I do care and she 's never cared what anyone else thinks about her .
tr	I	He hated D.C. , and he loved D.C. .
tr	O	马修想走向他，但是他用手把他拦住了。
tr	O	很快一道光线穿透，接着又一道，并且我目睹了暴风雨后必然出现的光明。
tr	O	我在那里等了很久，等着它变热，但是它始终没有。
tr	O	麦特付了账，并且我们离开了酒吧。
tr	O	玛格丽特夫人愤怒地招手示意某些人上前，并且立刻就有两个衣衫褴褛的人被带了出来，他们俩都散发着酒气。
tr	O	我早就知道得更清楚了，但是莉兹仍然还有一点天真。
tr	O	维多利亚抱住了托比，并且他放松了下来，任由她抱着他。
tr	I	Tam regretted throwing the magic at him , and his voice was deadly .
tr	O	黑色的木珠从他的指间滑过，并且他的脑电波也进入了真诚祈祷的甜美韵律中。
tr	I	He left Southern California without a good-bye and Gwen followed his instructions to the letter .
tr	I	I wasn 't being clear , or he wasn 't getting it .
tr	O	特工巴恩斯和特工李交换了一个眼神，仿佛他们知道一些内部秘密消息，并且她并不知道。
tr	I	I grabbed hold of his hand and Sean was behind me .
tr	O	他的脸看起来有点晒伤了，但是总的来说，他们疯狂的冲刺并没有让他显得太糟糕。
tr	O	她不会让A毁了她的高三生活，而且她也绝对不会让A把普林斯顿从她身边夺走。
tr	I	Jenny helped him carry it to the doorway and Jeff finally was able to yank the kayak out from behind some crates .
tr	O	我说，并且布雷兹笑了。
tr	I	No number jumped out at him , but he found plenty of historical data .
tr	I	Now I have a flat tire and I ran the truck off the driveway leading up to the cabin .
tr	O	他们的手相触，并且我看到利亚姆的脸上闪过一丝奇怪的神色，只持续了短短一瞬间。
tr	O	即使我做出的最少的反应也大大拖慢了我的速度，并且四十分钟后我才完成列表的一半。
tr	I	She pushed forward , but her feelings were overwhelmed by guilt as she imagined herself consuming her former acquaintances .
tr	O	是的，他知道这与每个男人的幻想背道而驰，但是他喜欢有经验的女人。
tr	O	她在医院，但是他们很快就会让她出院。
tr	I	I didn 't care about glory , but there was less glory in running away from a fight , sure .
tr	O	我对大老板的效劳也许没那么出色，但是它和任何人的都一样好。
tr	I	Now she had to do it by herself , but Miss Osbourne would have helped her get undressed .
tr	I	Clutching the arrow that had been lodged in Graeme 's shoulder , but Nigel finally leaned back , his hands bloody .
tr	I	He 's part of the most advanced naval fleet in the world and he 's damn good at what he does .
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安走到我身后，并且我感觉到他开始轻轻摩擦我的手臂，我想他认为这是一种安慰的方式。
tr	I	The bone knights suddenly lunged forward , drawing their swords as they did , and the Lady lifted her hand .
tr	I	I put my arms around her protectively , drawing her in tight and I felt her exhale in a stuttered breath .
tr	I	He couldn 't help himself , and Ethan saw Julie blink .
tr	I	Being here , living here , is horrible , but it 's a sight beautiful enough to paint .
tr	I	She was bonded to him , but she loathed him in every possible way .
tr	O	我想他从中找到了平静，并且现在我也从中找到了平静。
tr	I	My feet were bare and all my clothes were gone .
tr	I	His blood gushes fire , and his bone shines gold .
tr	O	属于安保人员的几把手电筒在地上随处可见，并且许多窗户里都亮着蜡烛。
tr	I	My face screwed in disgust , and my momentary relief from the elevator was short-lived .
tr	O	尸体已正式放行，但是没有人认领它。
tr	O	她仍然因他向她撒谎而对他非常生气，但是她自己也称不上是行为的典范。
tr	O	男孩递出了信，并且玛戈一接过，他就骑马离开了。
tr	I	His eyes opened and Nathaniel 's lashes fluttered .
tr	I	My brows drew together as my hand went there and I felt a weird pain tighten in my belly .
tr	I	The more time that passed , the less hope I had , but I watched for any sign of life as I held his hand .
tr	O	时间失去了意义，并且某种感觉涌上布雷克心头。
tr	O	他的下巴收紧了，并且他的眼睛因情绪而变暗了。
tr	I	Slung his two over his shoulders and he tosses two bags to Nick .
tr	I	It isn 't large enough for Rayne 's food , and only a small corner of the table is uncluttered .
tr	I	With it being the supposed anniversary of her death , he simply couldn 't do it , but he thought again about responding .
tr	O	我把那个重新装修了，并且它现在已经租出去了。
tr	I	I laughed and she said .
tr	O	两天过去了，并且她仍然不明白。
tr	O	朱莉背对着莉亚，但是朱莉脸上挂着灿烂的笑容。
tr	O	她向船长伸出手，但是他没有给她那枚别针。
tr	O	他曾承诺要成为她的丈夫，并且他认真对待那个承诺。
tr	O	他们相信有什么东西潜入了他们的社区，但是没有人愿意听他们说。
tr	I	The power at her hands terrified her and she 'd never driven a boat before .
tr	O	美国走自己的路，并且人们尽力忽视那里的战争。
tr	O	她的脸涨得通红，并且她的头发如瀑布般披散在她的背上。
tr	O	他的手从他沙色的头发上落下，并且当他的目光与我的相遇时，他咧嘴笑了。
tr	I	No matter how much we might miss each other , distance was the safest option , and Roland could be tracked .
tr	O	里弗斯守卫在莫瑟庄园的门口，并且当我走近时，他给了我一个淡淡的微笑。
tr	I	I didn 't have time to think of that now , but for some reason I was resentful .
tr	O	他现在需要一个可以依靠的人，并且我将成为那个人。
tr	O	她咯咯地笑了，并且我抬起头看到她的笑容。
tr	I	Now he was in no rush , savouring each moment of anticipation , and he had waited a long time for this evening .
tr	O	克莱尔看着杰斯，但是她能从他脸上的表情看出，他完全不知道女王是什么意思。
tr	O	他知道她迟早会发现，但是他很遗憾事情必须在她这种状况下这样发生。
tr	O	梅丽尔没有带来任何安慰，并且我也没有期待任何。
tr	I	The thought of being a single mother was daunting , but she did not miss her husband for one moment .
tr	O	他的黑色夹克上有一层薄薄的冰霜，并且他的头发闪闪发光，仿佛是由冰霜构成。
tr	I	All the gods would be weakened if one fell , but the world wouldn 't stop spinning .
tr	O	这只母鹿被关在一个围场里，并且它完全驯服。
tr	O	夜晚已深，并且他们还有很多要为他们的离开做准备。
tr	I	Circumstances did change , but people were ever the same .
tr	O	托马斯有很多优点，但是我的兄弟却是一个相当无耻的邋遢鬼。
tr	O	我仍然没有听米沙的语音邮件，并且屏幕上持续的闪烁折磨着我。
tr	O	阿斯彭舔了舔嘴唇，并且我发誓我感觉到了。
tr	O	他指挥着两千名民兵，但是他们中很少有人跟随他进入村庄。
tr	O	他现在近在咫尺，而且在她体内一场龙卷风将一切撕裂。
tr	O	我以为我藏得很好，但是她知道我在哪里。
tr	O	他正在做噩梦，而且我就那么站在那里！
tr	O	金属门开始关闭，并且半分钟后没人会知道那里有一个通往地下隧道的入口。
tr	O	我试着把手翻过来把它放下，但是它粘在我手掌上了。
tr	I	The flash in her eyes told him that was it , but she didn 't say it out loud .
tr	O	五分钟后，所有人都准备好了，并且我们开始沿着陡峭蜿蜒的小路往回走。
tr	I	He pulls me into his sculpted chest as he backs us under the gentle , healing turret of water and his arms circle around me .
tr	O	我用手捂住脸，试着透过指缝往外看，但是所有我能看到的只有这滚滚的火焰。
tr	O	在那仇恨中我感受到了复仇，并且我知道他来这里是为了得到它。
tr	O	向前的动力至关重要，并且一次失误就意味着他的死亡。
tr	I	She 's set to give birth in just a few weeks and there 's a mother cat living just down the street from Scooter 's house .
tr	I	In that moment , her mind raced with possibilities and her heart was full .
tr	I	The birds hummed so harmoniously and the sun broke through the clouds .
tr	O	她转身时只瞥见了他的表情一眼，并且那表情是无价的。
tr	I	My allies were still tucked in a restaurant down the road , and it was four to one .
tr	I	If you disconnect me I 'll chop off your The kissing was supposed to be the escape And hello , operator Please give me number nine .
tr	I	I ignore it , but the traitorous bastard springs to life .
tr	O	你是我最好的朋友，所以这应该永远是第一位的，但是说实话，我没觉得那会是多大的事。
tr	O	审判还有大约四周时间，并且这对被告来说情况不妙。
tr	O	他们确信如果他们一直重复的话，我就会想起什么，但是我没有。
tr	I	I expect you figured that out already , but the idiot took the wrong horse .
tr	O	另一双眼睛跟着我离开，并且我试图在第七区的人起疑心之前赶紧离开。
tr	O	乔翻了个白眼，但是苏珊娜确实看到了相似之处。
tr	I	She appeared to have aged years within a single day , but he had just seen her a few hours before .
tr	I	The tight grip she held on her blanket allowed me take her into my arms , and her eyes were almost in tears .
tr	O	中午的时候她的头就开始剧烈疼痛，并且她的脚疼得就像她第一天在那里工作一样。
tr	O	她坐在垫子上，靠在箱子上，并且成堆的叠好的衣服被放在她的膝盖下面。
tr	I	Dad grabbed my arm , but I took a step after him , planning on ripping it out of his hands .
tr	O	格兰特停下了脚步，并且我转身回头看他。
tr	I	Partly to take control of the conversation 's direction and he asked partly from curiosity .
tr	I	It won 't touch the stain on my conscience , and they can take everything I inherited .
tr	O	巴克斯点了点头，并且他们继续前进。
tr	I	The dark skin had been lost through years in the coal mines , but they had always been told there was Indian blood in the family .
tr	I	I didn 't really know why and he was so nice to me .
tr	O	结束了，并且我知道你还想要更多。
tr	O	她的心充满了爱，并且想到她的爱得到了回应，几乎让她被幸福冲昏了头。
tr	I	I could easily have eaten one , and Miguel asked if I wanted another .
tr	O	这可能是一次入室盗窃，但是他应该在嗡嗡声之前听到一些声音。
tr	O	我仍然无法适应这里几乎是圣诞节的想法，而且我还穿着衬衫袖子。
tr	I	He was in no mood to go down that road and he could tell where this was going .
tr	O	经历大麻烦后，爱情将导致婚姻，并且即使那样，女人也会把自己弄到床上。
tr	I	I thought he looked a little relieved when he nodded in acknowledgement , and the words rushed out .
tr	I	There was nowhere for Thor to go , and it was a hair-raising sound .
tr	I	The light was good , but when she reached the camp the sun was down .
tr	I	I was convinced he was the most boring individual I 'd ever met and he taught geometry .
tr	I	I hesitated , my eyes locked on Donovan and the voice called to me .
tr	O	她的头发乱糟糟的，而且她几乎没有化妆。
tr	I	He wasn 't in the mood for a shouting match and he could see that this was a feisty one .
tr	O	一声巨响充满我的耳朵，并且我跳进了卢克的怀里。
tr	I	Words were forming , and her throat constricted .
tr	I	Michael had let her do it alone , but God forgive him .
tr	I	I need that connection with someone else , but yeah , totally makes me an ass .
tr	O	我发出一声明显的解脱叹息，但是这似乎过早了。
tr	I	I hadn 't seen her for a while , and while I didn 't know Zach , Tegan was a friend .
tr	I	She spit at him and Blood filled her mouth .
tr	I	His mouth was set in a severe line and his hands were clasped behind his back .
tr	I	A show of Jacques ' gleaming fangs held him motionless , but Byron nearly leapt forward .
tr	O	我不愿放弃它，但是它不属于我。
tr	I	The light breeze made a beautiful evening for rides , and the sun had set .
tr	I	Their faces were shadowed and they were both backlit .
tr	I	She preferred to have her own space but she could have done this in the caravan .
tr	I	The sticks started to smoke as he set them up and the fire pit from the night before was still hot .
tr	I	With only one I just couldn 't do it , but if I 'd had both arms , I could have pulled it free .
tr	I	He was worried about you and I know he felt bad for making you go there to drop off the plans .
tr	O	这有点复杂，但是我相信我能解释。
tr	I	Then Michael was on one knee next to the chair , and she heard the creak of leather .
tr	I	You know what I mean , but of course , he 's a sorcerer , not a sorceress .
tr	O	这很奇怪，但是迈克尔感觉凯恩几乎是在像对待一个平等的人一样和他说话。
tr	O	罗斯回到了她的那群游荡者朋友身边，并且我们在大厅里遇到了诺亚。
tr	I	It sounded like a great idea and I was suddenly very tired .
tr	I	Now I had lost it and it had taken a long time to convince Dad I deserved my own room .
tr	O	现在一切都消失了，并且那个影子责怪巫师。
tr	I	Their eyes all made it clear they knew , but no one had asked .
tr	O	我的嘴唇撞上他的，并且他欢迎着。
tr	I	He held up his hands , and I started hitting his chest as hard as I could .
tr	O	我点了点头，但是我的新想法很有分量。
tr	I	His eyes glowed bright emerald , and he was inches taller than most humans .
tr	O	她将她纤细的手放在他的手臂上，并且他所有的怒火都渐渐消散了。
tr	O	我对蓝莓蜂蜜很感兴趣，并且我们带了一罐去收银台。
tr	I	Her voice lowered and her head dropped .
tr	I	I averted my eyes quicker , but I glanced up at him .
tr	O	尘世间没有任何恐怖能超越这冰冷的残酷，即冰霜之日，或者漫长黑夜如同混沌最终降临。
tr	I	The anger in his tone left her stricken nonetheless , but maybe she deserved that .
tr	O	他坐着什么也没说，并且她更仔细地打量着他。
tr	O	她努力不去想这件事，但是她却总是情不自禁地想起她即将被捕的命运。
tr	O	他们以前见过国王手中的长矛，并且他们会知道它的威力。
tr	O	大厅里挤满了人，并且我们开始走向俱乐部的公共区域。
tr	O	我的心跳开始加速，并且我突然感觉自己暴露无遗。
tr	O	另一辆车的后门开了，并且他滑进了座位。
tr	O	无法绕过他们进入学校，并且如果他逃课，他就要面对父亲的失望。
tr	O	它们只是两个字，并且我不知道我为什么脸红。
tr	O	如你所知，这个镇上的资金池很深，但是它不是很宽。
tr	I	His hair is messed up , like he just ran his fingers through it and a red baseball hat is dangling from him fingers .
tr	O	那两人的眼睛一听到有吃的就亮了，但是他们摇了摇头说不。
tr	I	Now that he was here he wasn 't sure what to do , but part of his plan was to get on the alien space ship .
tr	O	这么久之后收到他的消息我很惊讶，但是我想帮助他因为他帮我避免了逮捕。
tr	O	他松开了对香农的抓握，同时发出了我一生中听过的最恶毒的咒骂和污言秽语！
tr	I	There is a hint of green , and it no longer looks like a desert .
tr	O	我们的护照被检查了，并且我们匆忙走向一周前把我带到安提瓜的同一架里尔喷气机35。
tr	I	He was in a shallow cave that came right up to the edge of the water and it only took a couple of minutes .
tr	I	Sure enough , there was his carriage crossing over the moat , and I rushed to the window .
tr	O	那个简短的词是勉强说出来的，但是它是认真的。
tr	I	She almost spit it out and to Andra it tasted bitter .
tr	O	我在听呢，妈妈，但是我太困惑了。
tr	I	They were not soft men , and the men normally in charge of interrogation turned an uncomfortable shade of green if they stayed to watch the session .
tr	O	我不知道他心里有什么魔鬼，但是 我并不害怕它们。
tr	O	我一直以为他为邦联作战，但是 他从未真正提及他曾在哪支军队作战。
tr	O	她必须赶快，或者 她就会迟到。
tr	I	I can feel the difference from those first few days , and Savannah ; So I have been a vampire for two weeks now .
tr	I	Still , the feeling was familiar , but there didn 't seem to be anything demonic .
tr	I	Victor reassuringly rubbed my back but I felt a small rush of adrenaline run through my body when they looked back at me .
tr	I	He realized there would never be a better time to say what he had to say , and she stared at him , puzzled .
tr	O	他追踪到了他的父亲，并且 这样做很容易。
tr	I	She felt the acute pain as if they 'd been torn from her physically and they flew away from her .
tr	I	Most of the local hotels were filled with Christmas visitors , but we 'd tried to find a room for several hours .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to let anybody know that for the time being , but this dosage was more effective .
tr	I	I need Buzz to win , but I don 't like it either .
tr	I	I looked like winning for once , and you called me away from a card game for this .
tr	O	我正要抗议，但是 麦克斯韦猛地把头转向右边，盯着走道尽头某个引起他注意的东西。
tr	O	梅丽莎挥手把我赶开，并且 我走向桌子。
tr	I	She pulled with all her strength , and she positioned her forearm across his windpipe .
tr	O	他把意大利面盛到我们的碗里，并且 我们坐到桌旁吃饭。
tr	O	我的头因为太过专注而砰砰作响，并且 珀尔塞福涅越是催促我，它就感觉越是遥不可及。
tr	O	她向我走近，并且我感到她的亲近如同阳光的温暖。
tr	I	She saw the way his jaw tightened , but he faced the road .
tr	I	The memory of the sickness from the last storm was enough to force everyone to pray for a safe landing site and another storm was brewing .
tr	I	As the clock continued to chime , she knew it wasn 't a dream , but horrified , she kept waiting to wake up .
tr	I	They weren 't inside my head and they weren 't inside my heart .
tr	I	His palm was firmly latched around the gun , his finger locked on the trigger , but he tried to open it .
tr	O	沙恩现在看起来很严肃，并且他抬起她的头，强迫她再次与他对视。
tr	I	Still no one wanted to buy it , and we 'd reduced it three times now .
tr	I	I nodded , and I looked at the panicked expression on her face .
tr	I	She didn 't interrupt me , but Sara 's eyebrow shot higher .
tr	I	Her balance instantly disappeared , and before she made contact , an arm roughly hooked about her waist .
tr	O	寂静持续了片刻，并且安吉丽卡发现她无法将目光从他身上移开。
tr	O	小路在转向兔子田之前变窄了，并且我们俩同时向中心移动。
tr	I	She didn 't come outside but she watched him out of the window .
tr	O	后记，通常来说，我不太喜欢水果蛋糕，但是妈妈做的除外。
tr	I	The wind had died down as well , and the day had cleared up since the previous dripping rain .
tr	I	I can 't survive a year in their clutches , never mind a single decade , and that process will take decades .
tr	I	His lips curled into a smile and he paused .
tr	I	I 'd lived through it and it was crazy for me to imagine .
tr	O	我对胡安妮塔的帮助很感兴趣，但是我无意为此牺牲她的生命。
tr	O	他如何控制它们是个秘密，但是这需要付出代价。
tr	O	我正要转身，但是我没有。
tr	O	你知道你拥有一些令人向往的东西，并且你知道你可以行动。
tr	O	那是两个小男孩之间的瞪眼比赛，但是亚当似乎没有被竞争吓倒。
tr	O	栈桥路在五十码外的一片开阔地带终止，但是杰德坐在靠近河岸的树下。
tr	O	接下来是洛根与奥托·福克斯的决斗，并且我们随后在欧洲追逐的故事也紧接着发生了。
tr	I	She was up to her elbows in making what looked to be cookies and looking around , Jessy was her only other option right at the moment .
tr	I	While it wasn 't perfect , at least I wasn 't miserable anymore , and I 'd adjusted to living in Eden Manor .
tr	I	Saving Vaughn but nothing mattered .
tr	I	Adam shoved the note deep into his pocket , and the children cheered .
tr	O	珍娜在我下一节课上，并且我知道没有办法避开她。
tr	I	The other part was down to what he knew about Mary already , but he knew part of his feelings was down to their mated wolves .
tr	O	骑手猛地把它甩开，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	It 's still a good story , but it 's related to what really happened only by implication .
tr	I	He had to admit it felt good at the same time , but it was odd to see people twice his age looking at him like that .
tr	O	她确实很想再吻他，但是她担心之后会有何感受。
tr	O	他脸色苍白如纸，并且他的眼睛变得迷离，泪水继续顺着他的脸颊流淌。
tr	I	She even managed what looked to be a genuine smile , and her voice was completely level .
tr	I	She drops the lock and there are tears streaking down Jacey 's face now .
tr	O	他会给她三次猜测的机会，并且前两次不算数。
tr	I	She wasn 't sure how he would react , but there was a question she wanted to ask .
tr	I	Staring back at me was a large pin with sparkling stones embedded in it , and I discreetly removed my foot to see what it was .
tr	I	I could tell that my dad wanted to ask him more about evading security , but Stone 's answers seemed to make Mom happy .
tr	O	我到家时很高兴能躺下，但是这是一种美好而疲惫的感觉，而不是筋疲力尽。
tr	I	I couldn 't risk her finding out about that , but I felt like my phone was a ticking time bomb in my pants .
tr	I	You took the life of a goddess who was under our protection and you killed our cherished pets .
tr	I	It took him a moment to understand what Clubs had said , and his thoughts moved as if through a thick , turgid soup .
tr	I	He simply nodded in agreement with Kiran , but I looked over at Amory hoping for answers .
tr	I	Alistair pressed a button near the bottom of the panel and they stepped inside .
tr	I	She silently watched him for a moment and he looked out at the city .
tr	I	We had gotten into the Bugatti in record time , and Everything had gone according to plan .
tr	O	我们不喜欢与平民作战，但是我的手下必须保护自己。
tr	O	它的引擎声逐渐消失，并且很快它就消失了。
tr	I	I was amazed at what I could do but okay , technically I didn 't move anywhere near as much dirt as the other two .
tr	O	她的头歪向一边，并且她的眼睛眯了起来。
tr	O	他停顿了一下，并且他的嘴角扭曲成一个懒散的笑容。
tr	O	我脸红得很厉害，并且他好奇地看着我的反应。
tr	O	这意味着我们要么得突袭其他人的村庄，或者我们得自给自足。
tr	I	You might be in danger and Ivy is up to something .
tr	O	当玛丽去取她的午餐时，苏珊走向柜台，但是杰克向前走了一步。
tr	I	He would make it up to her afterward , but Evie would be worried sick .
tr	O	当医生离开时，凯特琳感觉就像一把刀刺入了她的身体，但是她没有做出反应。
tr	O	连我都觉得我听起来很蠢，并且永不撒谎只是愉快地哼了一声。
tr	I	He realised he would have to continue and there was more silence .
tr	I	Then it disappeared , but for a second I thought I could see fear in his eyes .
tr	O	他知道州长会再次给他打电话，而且该死的媒体会一直烦他要求更新。
tr	O	他比她小几岁，但是她觉得他是一个志同道合的人。
tr	O	肖恩让自己笑了，但是他的眼中带着担忧。
tr	I	I could see the wheels turning and Rachel 's eyes flashed at me .
tr	O	我感觉到他的手指在我头发里，并且他轻轻地梳理着。
tr	O	她所做的是错的，但是她想帮助哈德利，只要哈德利肯让她。
tr	I	Faith in them was lost through their neglect , and their office was that city to protect .
tr	O	罗曼再次呼叫时手在颤抖，但是这种努力是徒劳的。
tr	I	The leaves get carried away with the rage of the water and I was sitting at my window , watching the street flood .
tr	I	I have two children , and I 'm chronically broke .
tr	I	The vision continued , leaving the question hanging in the air unanswered , but the question flowed through Kylie 's mind .
tr	I	She 's agreed to postpone her escape , but nothing has been resolved .
tr	I	Diego pulled in behind , and Xavier stopped his truck ahead of them .
tr	O	我已经与曼彻斯特取得了联系，并且他们也有类似的情况。
tr	O	鸟儿在鸣叫，并且一阵微风轻抚着我的皮肤。
tr	O	它们围绕着一个人形物体盘旋，但是细节却无法辨认。
tr	O	他有几种表情，像言语一样清晰，并且这些年来她已经能将它们全部辨认出来。
tr	I	How did I know that , but I knew that ?
tr	I	Her head started to pound , and she managed to sit up .
tr	I	A screen shimmered over the door 's surface , and he pressed his face up against the door .
tr	O	我感到她在哭泣，并且我抚摸着她的背。
tr	I	He had a letter from his doctor , and it was a herniated disc .
tr	O	卢克走开了，并且威尔向前迈了一步，他的目光最终落在我身上。
tr	I	I loved him and he was my son .
tr	I	Maddy was confident he would soon , but her father still wouldn 't tell her what he knew about Aunt Patrice .
tr	I	It was all in vain , but her mother tried desperately to help her .
tr	I	It 's all she 's known and Autumn 's family is a disaster .
tr	I	It 's too low for me to make out , but I hear her say something .
tr	I	Her sweet little face screwed up in frustration as she began to cry , and except she didn 't ; for once she woke when jostled .
tr	I	Callum launched himself at the bigger Reboot , taking them both down , but he lifted his foot for another one .
tr	I	I can taste dirt in my mouth , and my mouth is as dry as dust .
tr	I	I 'll show up when I 'm supposed to , and I 'll help with whatever , whenever you ask .
tr	O	门猛地打开了，并且一大群酒吧顾客轰隆隆地冲进了小走廊。
tr	I	He finally tore his eyes away from the blackness across the river , and his grimace turned into a smile without his thinking about it .
tr	I	He was oblivious to any whispers on the wind , but I glanced at Edward .
tr	I	They were quieter , giving him space to think , but the emotions he was feeling weren 't gone .
tr	I	It doesn 't define them , but it 's a part of them , passed down between generations .
tr	O	我的胸罩不见了，并且我没有时间去找它。
tr	I	I 'll see you later and have a good day .
tr	O	恐慌对我没有任何好处，而且以后会有足够的时间去悲伤。
tr	O	她的脸红了，并且她的手机在她手里。
tr	O	他的手指掐进我柔软的肌肤，并且我情不自禁地呻吟出他的名字。
tr	I	He was a good father , but Phoenix didn 't talk much .
tr	I	He could afford to plan properly , and there were still several months before the first of the new airships would lift off .
tr	I	Cutlery being placed down and inside the kitchen I could hear plates .
tr	I	He put his other hand on top of our enfolded ones , and I shuddered .
tr	O	我照做了，并且三名穿西装的男人映入眼帘，连同还有一名穿制服的男人。
tr	I	It will be hard , and you will have a lot of hills to climb while I 'm gone .
tr	O	她简直不敢相信这里的空气有多么干燥，并且即使已是下午，太阳依然炽热。
tr	I	Not a sound disrupted the sudden silence , but every eye was upon the little man .
tr	I	I stopped unzipping her skirt , and her eyes filled with tears .
tr	O	奥隆更专注于创造和平，但是只要他在位，就没有什么会被忽视。
tr	O	然后我听到一声咔嚓，并且她摔在了我身上。
tr	I	Haley had damned well better be in one of them and there were seven other bedrooms in the place .
tr	I	His name was Ryan , and my name is Maya .
tr	I	He squinted at it , and slowly it went up .
tr	O	袋子又发出了沙沙声，并且就在那时我注意到地板上有一个装满食物的健身包。
tr	I	That storm had been me , and it looked as if a storm had gone off in the room .
tr	O	我按下了右边的一个按钮，并且它滑开了一个宽敞的圆形房间，四周有几扇门。
tr	I	He sat back , taking his hand from Eveline 's and Bowen 's brow crinkled .
tr	O	德莱顿坐在桌前，手机贴在耳边，并且愣愣地盯着丹尼尔看了一会儿，嘴巴微张。
tr	O	我怒视着她，并且我发誓她对我笑了。
tr	I	How could they possibly recognize me , but they might know Tobias ?
tr	I	Her fair English skin cast a paler glow than usual , and the delicate fabric of her skirts was crinkled beyond repair .
tr	I	The sidewalk was covered , and the sleet was heavier .
tr	I	The toughness inside me seemed to fizzle out and I saw the concern shading the espresso color .
tr	I	The two disappeared through the same gap in the crowd , and he whispered something in their ears then let them down .
tr	I	The wheels followed , and the plane 's propellers spun .
tr	O	辐射对我们没有影响，但是它对人类是致命的。
tr	I	He could understand them perfectly , but they were not spoken in any language he had ever heard .
tr	I	She had to stay focused , but Reece felt sick .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to let it go and I 'd lied to him , yet again .
tr	I	It made my heart quicken just thinking about it , but I didn 't know what to make of that .
tr	O	地球上关于时空活动的报告已有一段时间了，但是直到最近才被认为是一个问题。
tr	I	He gestured for me to try it but I shot Vincent a doubtful look .
tr	O	这是第三天，并且我已经如此接近了。
tr	O	一声响亮的抽泣吓跑了一窝鸟，并且黑色翅膀的洪流在她头顶盘旋飞起。
tr	O	保罗想告诉他的孩子们别打扰，但是这对他们来说似乎非常重要。
tr	O	布洛克把车开到伦敦一家热门餐厅的代客泊车处，并且梅丽尔把我带了进去，布洛克跟在后面。
tr	I	I had no desire to break my new habit , and Mackenzie got me hooked on them the first night .
tr	I	Her warm breath flows through my shirt and her eyelids are shut .
tr	I	I kept my mouth shut , but I was tempted to tell him the Ulta Storm looked prehistoric .
tr	O	他们结婚三年了，而且马特每天都更爱她。
tr	I	He had to prepare and it was forty-five minutes till his next lecture .
tr	I	His dark eyes moved to rest on hers for a few seconds , and she blinked .
tr	I	Her eyes darted around the room , and her face paled further .
tr	O	尽管他所说的话，并且他与我相处的时间。
tr	I	She was the one who knew people here , but I felt like a coward .
tr	O	迭戈转身想找些清静，但是在他来得及之前，他的手机响了。
tr	I	He wasn 't there , but I glanced around , expecting him to have stepped out of my view .
tr	O	我花了一点时间才弄明白，而且当我弄明白时，我简直不敢相信我竟然没有立刻意识到。
tr	I	I know it 's definitely not me , and I know you 've got the hots for somebody at Mythos .
tr	O	这几乎很有趣，就像是在逗弄一样，而且她对自己笑了笑。
tr	O	威士忌在我脑中旋转，但是我保持了平衡。
tr	I	That wasn 't me anymore and I have matured since then .
tr	I	They were giggling on it , and they began a loosely talking about what a strange thing can be for Laurence to wake up after twenty years .
tr	O	尖叫声骤然停止了，并且闪电似乎呆住了。
tr	O	然后它导致肌肉僵硬，器官衰竭，以及大脑暂停运作。
tr	I	No noise came from it but the expression was fluctuating rapidly .
tr	I	For the most part they let him , and he stayed out of all of it .
tr	O	通常他都会把诺埃尔放在她的婴儿座椅里，但是这次玛丽·乔做了，没有给他机会。
tr	O	我的双腿在我身下颤抖，但是我不会承认害怕。
tr	I	Then she held the object in her palm , and her fingers shook as she untied it .
tr	I	I could feel a cool breeze blowing from within , and only a small flicker of candlelight came from the doorway .
tr	I	Logan scrambled out of the way , and it swung its hand at him .
tr	I	Even I can hear the deadness in the voice and I ask him .
tr	I	I hadn 't really been paying attention to the room at the time , but I 'd been here before .
tr	I	I escape to my seat , still flushed and they take their places at the lattice .
tr	O	保罗躺在地上，脸上挂着痛苦的表情，但是他没有发出任何声音。
tr	I	She was so proud of him she could hardly bear it , and he was a man ; young , but a man .
tr	I	Even she felt her hairs stand on end at some of the things the TED casually talked about but admittedly Beth knew little about advanced energy management .
tr	I	He wasn 't even sure that would work , and the best he could do was knock her out .
tr	O	座椅排成一列，并且她可以清楚地看到水下珊瑚礁。
tr	I	Before you get upset about that , it 's because she 's trying to be nice , and one , your mom asked .
tr	O	我很快就会到，并且我们可以平静地讨论这件事。
tr	O	我以前从未见过她，但是我本能地知道她是谁。
tr	I	When he dropped his sword Max leaped for it , and one of them caught flames at the edge of his trousers .
tr	O	我没有过奢华的生活，但是我也没觉得自己配得上。
tr	O	我需要一杯酒，并且我现在就需要。
tr	O	别人会把她抢走，并且那就太迟了。
tr	O	她看不到他的脸，但是她猜他正在窃笑。
tr	O	我能理解你的担忧，并且最开始你可能是对的。
tr	O	妈妈摇了摇头，但是她也在笑。
tr	O	她认识艾比的妹妹，所以她在我的朋友圈里，但是我也不会说她很喜欢我。
tr	I	He supposed Kit had a point , but Pendleton naturally took exception to that .
tr	O	他们知道我们在里面，并且他们已经把我们包围了。
tr	O	然后他靠近我，并且我闭上眼睛，等待着。
tr	O	我们知道你有可能阻止亚当，但是我们指望你在此过程中摧毁休斯顿。
tr	O	他的话让安珀猝不及防，并且她再次爱上了他。
tr	O	没有排队，并且服务是即时的。
tr	O	她问，并且我耸耸肩。
tr	O	她告诉了我总金额，并且当丽兹回来时，我们交换了号码。
tr	O	门上传来一阵急促的敲门声，但是他等了好几分钟才开门。
tr	I	I didn 't say anything , but it was annoying that he refused to let me help .
tr	I	She was just sticking around because that 's what she did and the place was about to go belly up .
tr	O	一只手托着我的后脑勺，手指穿过我的头发，并且我的背靠上了身后的砖墙。
tr	O	我惊讶地张大了嘴巴，而且他冲我笑了。
tr	I	I did not get one and I did not expect an answer to this question .
tr	O	这种情况不常发生，但是一旦发生就很糟。
tr	I	They will come for me and my shipmates have answered .
tr	O	皮尔斯点了点头，并且尽管他没有笑，但他的眼神告诉她他对她的决定很满意。
tr	I	I didn 't , but I could have pretended someone else finally gave him what he deserved .
tr	O	时间不多了，而且到目前为止他们还没有找到任何食物带回去。
tr	O	他为什么要带她来我的公寓我一点也不知道，但是关于这个人我有很多不了解的地方。
tr	I	If he chose to , he could leave me a message and I decided I would let my voicemail get it .
tr	O	他本无意让它成为一个誓言，但是他话语的分量却笼罩着他，将他与他的承诺牢牢绑定。
tr	I	He knew it was possible but a costly mistake would be unlikely .
tr	I	I was far from it but I tried my best to appear confident .
tr	I	The zipper gave her away , but getting up , she attempted to cross quietly to her own tent .
tr	O	他将带领我的军队穿过传送门，并且没有人能够打败我们。
tr	I	I stood firm , but my voice shook .
tr	O	这个人只在几码之外，而且她一定非常安静，简才没有注意到她。
tr	O	我低语，并且她在回答前犹豫。
tr	I	Once again we were in motion and we climbed back into the truck .
tr	O	她刚离开他，转身走向房子，并且我看着他擦去嘴上的吻。
tr	I	The car sped off and no shots were fired .
tr	O	他现在最不需要的就是扭伤脚踝，或者被淘气的树枝戳瞎一只眼睛。
tr	O	他说服了凯特嫁给他，但是他害怕给她时间改变主意。
tr	O	兰德怀疑他知道他哥哥的思路走向何方，但是他必须听他把话说完。
tr	I	On noticing this , the rioters surged forward again and Custer 's cavalrymen were beginning to mount their horses .
tr	O	他痛苦的话语让我停下，但是我没有转身。
tr	I	I heard the taser hit the floor , and Kara whimpered .
tr	O	我曾希望她那时能回来，但是她说她不确定。
tr	O	私下里，他也是这样想的，但是他知道不能让米斯蒂知道她让他改变了多少。
tr	O	大多数人认为体内有一个与人类思维分离的灵魂，并且它可以脱离人体。
tr	I	She had to tell him , and Jake still didn 't know all he had to know .
tr	I	They parted just as he burst through the door , and the footsteps coming up the flagstone told them Chester had arrived .
tr	O	仆人们释放了我，并且那个男孩牵起了我的手。
tr	O	它的金属很冷，并且它刮擦着被粗麻布磨破的皮肤。
tr	I	She would , and she had the power to save them .
tr	O	她曾尝试和他谈论过几次，但是他的反应让人毫不怀疑他不想谈论。
tr	I	He had not heard a word she said , but apparently , she had been speaking for some time .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how yet , but I wanted to help him .
tr	I	It took me precious seconds to find him , and I searched for John as I hung there .
tr	O	我瞥了一眼闪烁着蓝光的液体小瓶，并且一股强烈的饥饿感似乎啃噬着我的胃。
tr	I	I had to face the facts , but then I searched the top of the bed once more .
tr	I	I couldn 't help noticing the joy you felt at your call , but I 'm sorry .
tr	I	They were judging me and his eyes looked up at me .
tr	I	She pushed me off and I tugged her arm .
tr	I	There was nowhere to go but out , and the other guards crowded up behind them .
tr	I	While I didn 't want him to know it , I was grateful he was there , but I raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	I heard the stress in his breathing , but Peter didn 't say anything right away .
tr	I	There was no sign of her father and ten minutes passed .
tr	O	药被给了他，但是他怀疑是否有人会注意到他们的缺席。
tr	O	我无法击败你，并且我放弃了。
tr	O	那些是她等了很久才听到的词，但是它们并没有给她带来她所期望的满足感。
tr	I	The temperature inside the massive void had plunged below zero while they 'd been open , but the hangar doors were already closed .
tr	O	她不会让自己变成坏人，但是那并没有改变它很痛的事实。
tr	O	他们退了出去，把伤员拉到身后，并且布鲁德甚至没有多看一眼。
tr	I	I slid into the soft , leather seats and he opened the door for me .
tr	I	When he didn 't find her , he kept going and he reached back .
tr	I	He was holding me up while I fed from him and I was lying in the doorway of Lysander 's home .
tr	I	He made me promise , but I would have told you ages ago .
tr	I	I was let go because the economy sucked , and I finally committed to a job I liked .
tr	O	我以为那是因为我们跳了很长时间的舞，而且她也累了。
tr	I	There were no connecting memories to tell me how it happened , but somehow I went from that job to that cliff .
tr	O	男孩跳到她身边，并且只有当他非常靠近她时，他才注意到她的右手缠着绷带。
tr	O	所有堕落吸血鬼都有红眼睛，但是很少有恶魔物种有。
tr	I	His tattered twine bracelet still hung off his wrist , but he wore a different tweed coat than the one he usually wore .
tr	O	她不想离开，但是她知道她不能留下。
tr	O	他把石头砸下去，并且贝壳碎了。
tr	O	我想按照我的条件得到这个，而且不知怎么的她给了我，甚至我都没问。
tr	I	You have to take your lumps , but I 'd hate to get expelled .
tr	O	我的魔法，又一次，没有从我的梦境中得到补充，并且我的身体变得虚弱。
tr	O	约翰·兰道夫是个好人，并且邓肯知道他会把工作做好。
tr	I	He pulled me off of the horse like a rag doll , and I leaned down to him .
tr	O	你喜欢这个凡人，并且他可能处于危险之中让你感到困扰。
tr	I	It 's as if the sun has come out for me to bask in its glory , and she smiles .
tr	I	I didn 't complain this time , but I felt his cock press into me as his arms slid around my waist .
tr	O	我抱住了他，并且他紧紧抱住我，他需要我，就像我需要他一样。
tr	I	A man stood just outside the reach of the streetlight and he spun around at the sound of a voice .
tr	I	It seemed like I was flying solo that time , but I was always able to draw from them to fill in gaps .
tr	I	As the seconds ticked on , I waited patiently , and I could hear her breathing on the other end .
tr	O	也许这是他已故父亲传授的教训，或者也许是老麦科德犯了“更大意味着更好”的假设错误。
tr	I	We all walked to their SUV and they helped us retrieve our bags .
tr	O	丹尼似乎和这些人很亲近，然而他们甚至不知道他背景中最基本的事实。
tr	O	我知道的时候，她的脸也知道了，并且它给了自己一个疲惫恼怒的斥责。
tr	I	In this aloneness there was a sense of complete freedom , but I felt alone .
tr	I	It wasn 't his style and it was wrong .
tr	I	The woman smiled at me again and I walked back into the flower shop .
tr	I	He awoke in the morning a little sea sick and during the night a storm came up .
tr	O	每个银色餐盘都摆在一位代表面前，或者一位与他们同桌而坐的同伴面前。
tr	O	我忘了从我姐姐的掌握中挣脱开，并且她设法从我分心的手中夺走了手机。
tr	I	She snatched his hand , and Aisling 's eyes widened as his fingers moved .
tr	O	我正在等着他们开始就必要的交易进行谈判，但是这并没有发生。
tr	I	Like the wind I rushed to the great hall , and pausing only to tell her not to go anywhere , my feet flew .
tr	O	我做了，并且我并不后悔。
tr	O	也许她在这里做错了事，但是我不能把气撒在她身上。
tr	O	问题是他能感觉到那沉重的邪恶，但是他却看不到一丝血迹。
tr	I	He wouldn 't announce it , or he must be happy about what we 'd done .
tr	O	两名唱诗班男孩飞奔而过，但是他们随后在一阵枪林弹雨中被击倒了。
tr	I	His face creases as though he 's bothered by the thought , and he 's looking down at his own half-eaten apple .
tr	O	到了那时我们已经来到了远处那扇带键盘的门，并且文斯迅速地输入了数字。
tr	I	It 's there , murmuring against my skin and I check his pulse with my other hand .
tr	O	他们割伤了他，并且哈特进行了反击。
tr	I	Cheyenne could guess , but he didn 't offer an excuse as to why Aaron might 've reacted as he had .
tr	I	For a moment I thought he 'd respond , and he turned to look at me .
tr	O	救护车停了下来，并且医护人员冲了出来。
tr	O	纸上似乎有手写字迹，但是她无法完全辨认出写了什么。
tr	O	他脸上的怒气消散了，并且他再次将他惯常展现的那种特殊光芒投向了我。
tr	I	I have been practicing other Arts of Battle for several years , now , but I 'm not experienced with staves .
tr	I	That didn 't matter , but I had no paper .
tr	O	她的笑声让我脸红了，但是我忍不住笑了。
tr	O	他的身体覆盖在我的身上，当前窗爆炸并且玻璃飞溅到房间各处时。
tr	I	It did , but Cheyenne felt the familiar emptiness inside her except now the emptiness felt larger ... she didn 't think emptiness could expand .
tr	O	你注定会是阿波伦，并且塞斯知道这一点。
tr	O	我的手在颤抖，并且汗珠正从我的额头上滴落，当时我们正走向学校。
tr	O	你本以为它会永远持续下去，但是普雷斯顿在某个时候偶然发现了网络上的男性领域。
tr	I	The three became restless and the tears were exhausted .
tr	O	她显然认为自己已经克服了所有反对意见，但是 Levi 有理由担心另外一件事。
tr	O	一种奇怪的懒惰感袭上我心头，并且我认出了那些迹象。
tr	I	He knew they were there but he couldn 't see them .
tr	I	The door disappeared and we went into Dee 's room .
tr	O	你给了绝望者希望，并且那是我爱的人。
tr	I	I couldn 't imagine going home to a house without him either , and I needed him like I needed air .
tr	O	提到食物时 Jared 感觉自己的胃在咕咕叫，并且 Veer 夫人笑了。
tr	O	他想说他的尝起来有点像留兰香口香糖，但是他脑子里有个声音告诉他那是个谎言。
tr	O	Cade 困惑地对她歪了歪头，但是接着他循着她的目光望向大海。
tr	O	一个我无法解释的奇迹，但是我对此该死的感激。
tr	I	The conversation turned to a less dangerous topic , and Davin seemed satisfied by that .
tr	O	那是一种可怕的力量——将活着的生物由内而外翻转的能力，但是它们没有死去。
tr	O	他甚至和同一个女人约会过一段时间，但是它们一直都是愉快的关系。
tr	O	他金色的头发可爱地垂在前额的一侧，并且我用手指将其抚平。
tr	O	他很快为我们找了个借口，并且我们就走开了。
tr	I	Like all other laws we try to break them , but the laws of inevitability state we cannot win .
tr	I	For him keeping Angelica in this position showed dominance , but for a slave this would be a point of humiliation .
tr	I	We 'd never stayed anywhere as nice as this , but back when my mom had been alive , we 'd taken plenty of vacations .
tr	O	艾比上前挡住她的路，但是这时那个老妇人看到了我。
tr	I	Fur ran from her head down her back , which was bared by the sarong , and Deni realized her fingers had already changed to wolf claws .
tr	I	Tea lights dot the tables and glittering lights hang inside a big white tent .
tr	I	Gwen could feel herself getting wet for him , and she kept up that friction , rubbing lightly .
tr	O	我经过时，几条湿毛巾抽到了我的屁股上，并且我发誓以后要报仇。
tr	O	在他回答之前，门响了，并且凯尔探头进来。
tr	I	I wanted to hear what my beloved had to say before I moved on , but I knew I shouldn 't be standing there listening .
tr	O	他听起来很真诚，并且我皱了皱眉，因为肯齐很快向他保证没事。
tr	O	他做了他的工作，并且我做了我的。
tr	O	他们是我的灵感来源，因为我是犹太人，并且我感到我民族的心在我体内跳动。
tr	O	当他落在我背上时，他没有对我的头骨进行致命一击，并且他本可以那样做。
tr	O	我看着他，并且更多的眼泪涌了出来。
tr	O	佩顿的头发乱糟糟的，而且她浮肿的眼睛上睫毛膏也花了。
tr	I	He 'll dispose of them and if they get to be a nuisance , just tell Leo .
tr	O	卡车交通繁忙，而且有来自几十个州的汽车，所以没有人注意到我。
tr	O	他们在一起的时候，他了解了很多关于她的事情，并且他知道她有多爱水。
tr	I	It was my plan that succeeded , and we managed to use my situation to good advantage .
tr	O	烘烤一小时，并且你就会得到一个永久的物体。
tr	O	我所知道的关于他的一切是，他拥有很多土地，并且他是一位贵族。
tr	I	I needed to know , but I still didn 't have a clue about whom I was forgiving .
tr	I	Now he couldn 't even keep his feet under him , and he 'd been so damn steady a few seconds ago .
tr	O	她的眼睑垂下，并且她缓慢地吸了一口气。
tr	O	她身体的每一个细节都定义着完美，而且我仍然如此生动地记得这一切。
tr	I	Ground control tells us to contact Perth Tower for departure , and when we get to the hold line , we stop .
tr	O	她坐在桌边，并且我站在她面前。
tr	I	Right now the boy was doing an excellent job , and Daemon excelled at using sensuality to intimidate .
tr	I	We now live remote from the human world , which makes us view things differently , and Fae have long lives .
tr	I	She 'd eventually believed him , and he didn 't .
tr	I	This is the only option that will work , and the sheep need to be given fresh water .
tr	I	A new cashier 's check cut in the amount she owed on the loan and the Campbells ' cashier 's check was deposited .
tr	I	She nodded again and her hand came up to grasp my cheek .
tr	O	他亲吻了我的脸颊，并且我感觉自己脸红了。
tr	I	Not understanding from where , but I felt coldness .
tr	I	Neither of us could do a damn thing to get down , but both of us struggled against the invisible hold .
tr	O	他抚摸了乐奇的头，并且那只灰色小猫渴望地蹭着他的手指。
tr	I	Another concern dove right into her worry bank , and Kylie breathed in .
tr	O	我知道那样一个吻过后我们大半夜都会清醒着，而且我迫不及待想再次体验更多。
tr	I	It was her fault Noah was in danger and she had missed the coming of the cat .
tr	O	那个念头让我剧烈地颤抖，并且我从墙边退开一步。
tr	I	He swooned , and instantly he felt like the truck was spinning .
tr	O	这在黑暗季节更加明显，但是这种心态帮助许多人应对了那个时节发生的一切。
tr	O	她的头枕在他的手臂上，并且她依偎在他的肩膀下。
tr	I	Vlad felt like a furnace , but normally vampires were room temperature .
tr	I	Then you pushed me away , and you made me start to believe you cared for me in return .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure why and he had some confused , mixed emotions .
tr	O	他注意到门是关着的，并且玛塞拉不在她的床上。
tr	I	I check myself , but a sort of sick curiosity draws me toward Mr Anderson 's land , as if want to see what 's left .
tr	O	乔坐在电脑前，并且又完成了一次搜索。
tr	I	He stared with blurred vision at Stover approaching and they propped him up straight .
tr	I	Alongside it was tenderness , but the intense burning was still there .
tr	O	食尸鬼无处不在，并且当我往外看时，我看到更多正在到来。
tr	O	她喜欢不请自来，并且他喜欢把她赶出去。
tr	I	It felt so real , as though I had actually lived it but it had only been a dream -- well nightmare , really -- .
tr	O	这只是一场舞会，并且他会是众多人中的一个。
tr	I	He finally seemed to realize she wasn 't backing down but he looked like he was going to argue some more .
tr	I	I shrugged and Meg laughed at me .
tr	I	It was like a nightmare catapult flung her into space , but she tried to grab on to something .
tr	O	我的手指收紧在他的头发里，但是我现在把他拉得更近了。
tr	O	这座优雅的维多利亚式建筑仍然屹立着，但是它看起来像一个巨人把屋顶砸扁了。
tr	O	我的眼睛合上了，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	My dad emerged carrying two glasses of milk , looking like a cruise ship tourist , and I heard the patio door slide open .
tr	O	他还不够强壮无法弹跳，但是他在这里充当某种僚机。
tr	I	That , at least , was an improvement and she wasn 't late for any other classes .
tr	I	Something told her she should stay , but Pandora wondered whether to go back to bed .
tr	I	His chest ached and he could smell her scent on his sheets .
tr	O	其他的小提琴手加入了进来，并且欢快的音符充满了谷仓。
tr	O	他们标记了所有的路径，但是有一条是他们最熟悉的。
tr	I	He paled underneath it , but he had a gorgeous tan , almost as good as mine .
tr	O	男人们仍在照看他们自己的坐骑，但是他们现在对无人看管马厩感到更放心了。
tr	I	We passed the long night together , and he led me to the bed .
tr	I	The flinch surprised him , and Gansey flinched .
tr	I	She turned to Simon and Indignation snapped inside her .
tr	I	I didn 't expect an all-American farmhouse , either , but I mean I know not to expect a crypt .
tr	I	With the victim 's cooperation , it was done , but a left-handed injection wasn 't easy .
tr	I	When I straighten up again Xander is on my opposite side , and I bend over to look inside .
tr	O	我知道你已经有了计划，但是我只是不知道是什么。
tr	O	我不喜欢那个想法，但是情况需要迅速而真实的答案。
tr	O	他沉默了很久，并且她认为她明白为什么。
tr	O	他们的一生可能就已经过去了，并且她可能永远也不会发现。
tr	I	He stopped her , but she started to grab his plate .
tr	I	She liked his answers , and he 'd more than satisfied her curiosity .
tr	O	随后疯子格雷戈尔开枪打死了一名警察，并且几秒钟之内就变成了大屠杀。
tr	I	I kept quiet , but I acknowledged his comment with a nod , just as I had seen Mother do .
tr	I	It 's eaten me alive , just like this damn cancer , and I 've kept this inside me all these years .
tr	I	The valley was thoroughly reaped away , and several determined swings later , a rash of flop shots .
tr	I	She began to tremble , and he licked again , nipped harder .
tr	O	他正用他的光手摸我的脸，并且我不知道我的枪掉在哪里了。
tr	I	This time I took the glass without flinching , meeting his stare dead on , and he sauntered over , offering another drink .
tr	I	He doesn 't look at me , but Mason stops trying to get away .
tr	I	The party was only just getting underway , and that was the second guy I 'd made splutter today .
tr	I	She silently cursed her husband 's attacker to hell for it , and the incident at the village had rather ruined that .
tr	I	He flipped to the inside front cover , and he had the dead man 's notepad in his hand .
tr	O	玛丽开始工作了，并且我试图放松。
tr	I	We met halfway and I excused myself .
tr	O	随时它都会攻击……但是它没有。
tr	I	Seeing Kyle 's lifestyle laid out so grandly only emphasized their different roots , but she understood he came from money .
tr	O	他认出了这个设计，并且它是议会的，而不是联邦的。
tr	O	她不知道该如何看待保罗，并且我不知道该如何看待戴维斯。
tr	I	I didn 't care , and I didn 't know how he 'd gotten invited to a press conference .
tr	O	他大约六英尺五英寸高，并且她肯定大约六英尺高。
tr	O	我张口想抗议，但是我妈妈抢在我前头了。
tr	O	当哈文啜饮着她的咖啡时，他们聊着天，并且他专注地听她讲述她在纽约的生活。
tr	O	他满足地叹了口气，并且他把她拉得更近了。
tr	I	Her young assistant brought a white handkerchief to her mouth , and she coughed again .
tr	O	它有蕾丝边饰，并且它磨得她的皮肤发痒。
tr	I	Apparently all the taxis had been taken and the event had ended fifteen minutes ago .
tr	O	玛德琳笑了，但是颤抖显而易见。
tr	O	没有他希望的那么多血，但是手臂沿着台阶翻滚下来的样子仍然很酷。
tr	I	They are still readable , but the sun has faded the letters .
tr	O	精心化好的妆容遮盖了她眼下的黑眼圈，并且鲜艳的红色口红完美地搭配了她的低胸连衣裙。
tr	I	Elyssa will get a few answers about the legendary treasure , and Doug will get the written evaluation of the villa that he wanted .
tr	O	我们本可以和她一战，也许杀了她，但是我们中的一人会在搏斗中死去。
tr	I	People would understand it and it would be pretty .
tr	I	Then they 're gone , but things have their moment .
tr	I	She rejoiced at the feeling of their joining , but she had never been filled like this before .
tr	O	她的努力让她落在他三英尺之外，并且直视着那些无情的眼睛。
tr	I	Well , they stink and they are not cute .
tr	I	We seemed powerless to stop it and a modern fearful inquisition was unfolding before our very eyes .
tr	I	They were moving away from the pier , and Mary Jane had both hands on the pole .
tr	I	I 've loathed it and I 've had to be accountable for every cent you 've spent .
tr	I	I realized I was shaking uncontrollably , and Cole squeezed my arm .
tr	O	价格似乎很高，但是达林早就要求其服务费用不设上限。
tr	I	He could do this , but he couldn 't do that .
tr	O	他对我笑了，但是他身上有一种让我不信任的急切。
tr	O	我们都回去，或者我们都前进。
tr	I	They are 4.3 miles from our location and there are approximately 12,000 units .
tr	O	天气难得地很好，并且凯特琳发现自己竟然为阳光而可悲地感激着。
tr	I	The door hissed shut behind me , and I stepped in .
tr	O	他没有靠近，但是他的目光从未离开我的。
tr	O	它也很诱人，但是世界上所有的财富都无法给她真正想要的东西。
tr	O	我知道达姆信任他，但是对我来说，他有些不对劲。
tr	I	Pain sliced through her head so that she cried out , and she fought the order .
tr	O	艾伦的双手握成了拳头，并且他把它们放到了膝盖上。
tr	O	剑客反驳道，但是莫里根却很感兴趣。
tr	I	He made her feel delicate , somehow , but she 'd always considered herself pretty stocky .
tr	I	No cars moved on it , but a street came into view .
tr	I	He was tired of cleaning up other people 's messes , and Albert was tired of seeing the ship .
tr	I	It made me ill to look at mine but we had agreed to continue wearing our rings to keep up appearances .
tr	I	It 's come to that point now but I 'm hardly ever cold with him .
tr	I	I would , but maybe March wouldn 't even care .
tr	I	Then she vomited , and then they came close enough for her to see what once had been the sick man 's feet .
tr	I	I sympathized , and Catcher 's tone was dry .
tr	O	加油站离这里还有七英里远，并且我们默默地走完了剩下的路程。
tr	O	大部分窗户都不见了，并且弹孔密布在外墙上。
tr	I	The human looked back as I gained on him and I leaped over Forty-five 's body .
tr	O	我们筹集了很多钱，但是我们没有筹集到足够的钱来购买那座豪宅。
tr	I	He was going to fulfill it and no , he had a mission .
tr	I	I was speaking in Lakin 's voice , but I felt the words leave my mouth .
tr	I	The position was comfortable , but the stone was hard .
tr	I	While he swallowed her essence , she felt him start to release , which pushed her over the edge and he curled over her .
tr	I	Never , never had he allowed himself to consider that she could die , but of course he 'd been concerned about injuries .
tr	I	It seems to go on for about a mile , and the room offers a perfect view of the lake .
tr	I	Lizzie hadn 't noticed just how beautiful the forest was , and it had been dark when they had made camp last night .
tr	I	She wasn 't ready for that yet , and it would hurt too much to see his face every day .
tr	I	I hope it 's just a figment of my imagination and I hate myself for even thinking it .
tr	I	At least when I was wrong , that meant my nightmares hadn 't completely come true yet , but she was right .
tr	O	他的眼睛是红色的，并且他的下巴上有一些灰白的胡茬。
tr	O	当她走向他时，她的眼睛眯了起来，并且她抹去了顺着脸颊流下的泪水。
tr	I	It clicked open and a soft knock came at his bedroom door .
tr	I	I ´ m so glad because it ´ s really chilly outside and I get into the backseat .
tr	I	Her life to Conrad had been very difficult and trusting her heart .
tr	I	She knew without checking that it was Jordan and Alix 's cell phone rang .
tr	O	他那乳白色的眼睛紧盯着佐伊，并且她不由自主地颤抖了一下。
tr	O	她把冰块封在袋子里，并且他伸出了手臂。
tr	O	接着声音传来，低声细语着，并且他试图将它们从脑海中驱逐出去。
tr	I	He tightened his grip , and I tried to push him off of me .
tr	I	I looked at him with wide eyes and Blake 's voice cut through my thoughts .
tr	I	We place our things in the empty chairs and my dad picks a table near the outside .
tr	O	也许是我们脚下柔软的地毯，但是我敢发誓我感觉到了一丝火花。
tr	O	很快太阳就会沉到山下，并且气温会骤降。
tr	O	我的双手紧握成拳头，并且我差点再次冲向他。
tr	O	这份工作引人入胜，并且他全心投入其中，用他管理个人生活那种冷静、敏锐的智慧。
tr	O	她咯咯地笑，并且我笑了。
tr	O	那里有那么多的欢乐……并且我再次找到了那种欢乐。
tr	O	瑞秋的身体僵住了，并且她就站在那里盯着本吉看。
tr	I	She 'd never seen one of his fights with Sean and she 'd been with Adam for a month ?
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且他的嘴巴张开又迅速合上。
tr	I	The booth tops looked sticky , and the floors looked like they needed a good mopping .
tr	O	她以为她会哭一整晚，但是她已经没有眼泪为他流了。
tr	O	弘美抱着她的孩子瘫坐在墙边，并且人们从旁边走过。
tr	I	He looked away from it and his eyes creased .
tr	O	我一直在迷雾中挣扎着寻找你的未来，但是仍然无法看清你可能遭遇什么。
tr	O	钱斯跑向他的电脑，并且他猛敲着键盘。
tr	I	Most of them actually bought books , and even more surprising , they seemed in no hurry to leave .
tr	I	Tonight has proved to me that he isn 't but I thought Xander was different .
tr	I	Since I 'm prone to being nervous I don 't usually wear nail polish to begin with , and it 's a nervous habit .
tr	O	女孩们自我介绍，并且我们开始聊天。
tr	I	Then we got out , and I helped him wash .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁着，但是他什么也看不见。
tr	I	I felt less angry somehow but I can 't put my finger on it .
tr	O	我起初不这么认为，但是这就是原因。
tr	O	她的前进势头被止住了，但是她发现自己悬浮在瀑布上方。
tr	I	I left it unsaid , but there was only one response to this .
tr	I	Weak as he was he was still too strong for me , but I tried to pry his long fingers away from my wrist .
tr	I	Poor Bilbo was really very taken aback , but you will hardly believe it .
tr	O	三明治已经失去了吸引力，并且她把它扔进了垃圾桶。
tr	O	我们吃完了晚饭，并且我开车送艾米莉回家。
tr	I	I had to , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	泪水滚下我的脸颊，并且我开始在口袋里摸索纸巾。
tr	I	She felt herself half-way to Mars and this night was already three nights long .
tr	I	They don 't power up , but the crystals flicker on our arrival .
tr	O	我把所有东西都放在厨房里，并且我检查了卧室看她是否睡着了。
tr	O	我以为我在萨凡纳身上找到了，但是我错了。
tr	I	She 'd never brought race into it , but he knew Emily had never warmed to Rachel .
tr	O	金耳环从她的耳朵上垂下，并且她涂着闪亮的粉色口红。
tr	O	他吻去了她的泪水，并且阳光回到了她的笑容，一个只为他绽放的笑容。
tr	O	她看起来一点都不好，但是她的眼睛望向他，带着一个他无法忽视的恳求神情。
tr	I	My face fell and Tiny fangs were visible .
tr	I	It makes me wet , and I remember .
tr	O	我的坦白点燃了他，并且他加快了脚步。
tr	O	我能看透她的心思，并且我的心因她的绝望而沉了下去。
tr	I	You 'll be surprised how glad they 'll be to help you with whatever you need , and all you have to do is dig it up .
tr	I	Kenzie 's dad continued to regard me without expression , and I didn 't answer .
tr	I	He hoped Lem was well fed afterward , and he hoped Lem was getting some good information .
tr	O	我没明白，并且我的困惑一定表现了出来，因为他没有等我问就继续说下去。
tr	O	马库斯模仿着他的脚步，但是他的双臂仍然随意地垂在两侧。
tr	I	She took it , and I held out my hand .
tr	O	迈阿密近在眼前，但是我们却没有下降。
tr	O	他指向其中一根石笋，并且它发出红光，随着图像在上面显现。
tr	I	I don 't want her to be irritated if I don 't respond , but I 'm not sure if I should respond to her effortless reply .
tr	I	He called my attention and I went for the door handle .
tr	O	他很性感，并且我的身体有所察觉，尽管我的大脑在尖叫着说不信任他。
tr	O	她什么都没再说，但是埃里克不需要言语就能感受到她的悲伤。
tr	I	If she did , it would be back to the disturbing dynamic they had , but she thought about waking him anyway .
tr	O	石像鬼的红眼睛回瞪着他们，并且蛇蜿蜒地游动着。
tr	I	I would not let him worm his way into my heart , and he was only repeating the things I 'd unwittingly told him .
tr	O	我就是想告诉你那件事，并且，是的，你的儿子正在为女王烹饪。
tr	I	She needed to be relaxed to face this but I felt a little guilty for getting the wine for her .
tr	O	她发现赛博在楼梯上等着，并且跑着跟着他下去了。
tr	O	一击，然后她就死了。
tr	O	翻滚的波浪不如路上的隆起物大，但是它足够了。
tr	I	Aran could see it on her face and Elle seemed disappointed at hearing his answer .
tr	I	She opened the door , and Rema 's face warmed .
tr	I	I still liked to see him suffer a little , but clearly , whatever made him bleed wasn 't a threat to his life .
tr	I	There is a clue but I am not there .
tr	I	I followed and I shook it off as the marketing team filed into the room .
tr	O	他本以为会听到一个怀疑的反对意见，但是他反而得到了一个礼貌的回复。
tr	I	It 's on my account and I heard the king 's arrived .
tr	I	I had to feel this inevitable separation , and it was not my time to stay .
tr	O	我走了几英尺，地面就突然塌陷了，并且我发现自己腾空而起。
tr	I	We came to a large pond , probably a small lake , and about five to ten miles further .
tr	I	The snow banks were so high I thought they would never melt and the ice was inches thick on the sidewalks .
tr	O	他快步伸手去拿手枪，从她颤抖的手中取下，并且伸手去抓那个男人的头，制服了他。
tr	I	I 'm trying to do the right thing by Ruby and my aunt 's girlfriend was killed in a car accident .
tr	O	她只好试着绊倒他，但是他也不吃这套。
tr	I	A sword was pushed into Aunt Maya 's clothing , about to pierce her skin and Rema took another step closer to the prince .
tr	I	When Elder didn 't use them , I did , and I made the patches .
tr	O	我告诉自己要停止这种致命的组合，但是我也告诉自己去他的。
tr	I	My body shook like I was sobbing , but I didn 't cry .
tr	O	他的声音很沙哑，并且他的脸颊泛红。
tr	O	他已经完全准备好面对她了，并且她也早就准备好面对他了。
tr	O	异教烟雾从舞台地面升起，随着频闪灯闪烁，并且粉丝尖叫。
tr	I	I can hear a steady hiss , and the airlock 's on its side .
tr	I	That didn 't mean it was warm , but it might have been July in San Francisco .
tr	I	My heart 's beating faster now , and I ask .
tr	O	事情按我设想的方式发展下去的可能性非常渺茫，但是值得一试。
tr	I	Mom squeezed her arms around me , my face sobbing on her chest , and Father patted me at the back .
tr	I	It wouldn 't let me relax and something told me to be wary of these people .
tr	I	Thankfully , the fireworks were winding down and he 'd left messages on every deputy 's phone .
tr	O	她是一个令人耳目一新的伴侣，并且我享受与她在一起的每一刻。
tr	O	那很粗鲁，但是我想要答案。
tr	O	它说北方仍在她身后，但是现在她正面向另一个方向。
tr	O	我开玩笑，并且他笑了。
tr	I	I watch her massage salicylic acid into dense urea cream with a metal spatula and Marion is the Pharmacist on tonight .
tr	I	No matter how hard I tried , I could not swallow it down , and a lump formed in my throat .
tr	I	I came home on the bus and I went to school .
tr	I	I think marriage is unfair to you , but I know that you love her .
tr	I	We hadn 't even touched - and the force in which our mouths met , our bodies fused , was electrifying .
tr	I	The woman was murdered and Darcy had wanted Max to be sure since he 'd been engaged before .
tr	O	这让她变得更糟，而且我不知道为什么。
tr	O	尤里又点了点头，但是他把目光固定在孩子蓝色的眼睛上。
tr	I	Bastian made it one , but I knew that grilled cheese wasn 't usually a gourmet event .
tr	I	I will never forget you , and you were a great host .
tr	I	My head turned to the left before I could stop myself , and my second instinct was to find Ever in the bed next to me .
tr	O	他曾向自己承诺他不会碰她，但是违背他的意愿，他发现自己伸出手去抚摸他的头发。
tr	I	We 'll destroy him , and we 'll find Geoffrey .
tr	O	他只是不想失去她，而且那种情感的萌动让他感到恐惧。
tr	I	This one was slower than the first , but when one piece ended , another began .
tr	O	她像一块石头一样落下，并且他站在那里像个疯子一样咧着嘴笑。
tr	I	When I say us , I mean us , and after the meeting everyone came over to introduce themselves to us .
tr	O	克莱尔疑问地扬起眉毛，并且贝瑟恩摇了摇头。
tr	I	Finally said , ' Okay and Sara was quiet a moment .
tr	I	Then turned the wheel toward Titan , and Jared made a strange face , unsure how to react .
tr	I	Bryson nodded , and Michael pointed where Sarah had indicated .
tr	I	It doesn 't work right anymore and now it 's all scratched up .
tr	I	An inkling of doubt remained , but she 'd like to think so considering what was at stake .
tr	I	Her head jerked to stare at me , and Emily 's hand fell from her blade .
tr	I	It will make the news , but a good lawyer will , of course , have the confession declared inadmissible because of Freddie 's mental state .
tr	I	King Bobby was loaded with it and Pride was a darn good reason .
tr	O	她把我的喉咙掐得更紧了，并且我能感觉到自己正在渐渐失去意识。
tr	O	我仰卧着，并且她站了起来，高高地俯视着我。
tr	O	我的声音有点颤抖，尽管我不想如此，并且我低下头，无法与他的目光对视。
tr	O	我的目光与他的相遇，并且好奇心真的战胜了我。
tr	I	This day was completely exhausting to Rachel and it was late .
tr	O	卡勒姆盘旋着，准备攻击肖恩以夺取剑，并且肖恩听到了康纳的尖叫。
tr	I	I didn 't need them , but none of them stayed long .
tr	I	I thought that maybe I was the only one to hear it , and it was just sniffling at first .
tr	O	他说了些什么，但是我不明白。
tr	I	No one will be able to change that and if God says there 's a date then there 's a date .
tr	I	I didn 't , but so she missed the next entrance .
tr	I	Mary had her hands deep under the quilt , refusing to take the envelope from Gia and she couldn 't leave it where Pat could see it .
tr	I	I let out a slow breath , and the heavy material at the front of the tent flapped in the wind .
tr	I	The meeting broke up , and he left the room .
tr	O	他猛地转身，并且他翅膀上锋利的尖端划破了雷耶斯的脸颊。
tr	O	格雷夫斯拿着一个用来装木楔的小麻袋走了过来，并且另一个史蒂文斯拿出了一个大木槌。
tr	I	Jeff locked the car and once they both felt prepared , they nodded in agreement to move ahead .
tr	I	Their smiles were too relaxed and their eyes were a little too comfortable .
tr	O	她本应保持清醒，确保昆汀的儿子不会受到伤害，然而她却失败了，正如她所料。
tr	I	I kicked myself for not bringing something and I looked down at their sweet faces .
tr	I	The body , feeling its way , sat on his shoulders , and Jason knelt down .
tr	I	He quickly took it and Billy knew there would be time for just one shot .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have to hurt him , and he could finally be with this woman .
tr	I	A doctor came by and a few hours passed .
tr	I	He looked like he wanted to punch someone , and the cheerful round face that Zoey had seen before was now flushed .
tr	I	He could see enough of the monster to draw a bead , but the view through the old , dirty plastic was blurry .
tr	O	它从她身边闪开了，但是当她放下手指时，它又回来了。
tr	O	我让莎拉定节奏，并且我跟在她身后几步远。
tr	I	Out of season it seemed vaguely apocalyptic , but I 'd always loved crunching through them .
tr	O	他起初听起来很随和，但是接着他的声音变得生硬起来。
tr	I	The area was deserted and it was almost nightfall when he arrived .
tr	I	She grabbed it with every bit of her consciousness and there it was .
tr	I	She laughed , and I nodded .
tr	I	I could smell , smell the cactus and the sun was digging into my eyes .
tr	O	他进入了车库，并且她跟在他身后。
tr	O	它们在某些区域已经坍塌了，但是它们大部分仍然矗立在原地。
tr	O	一场盛宴已被召集，并且这些食腐动物现在享受着捕食者的角色，尽情捕猎它们喜欢的坏疽肉。
tr	O	那些文学书籍的箱子早已不见踪影，但是孩子们怀着期待坐在旧兔皮地毯上。
tr	O	剧痛使一切在瞬间漆黑一片，并且当我仰卧翻身时，一切都变得不同了。
tr	O	我盯着我的盘子，但是我的耳朵像梗犬一样竖了起来。
tr	I	My mother had taken the chance to invite him for breakfast , and Gideon had showed up this morning to pick me up for school .
tr	O	世界长出了牙齿，并且现在我已经不在了。
tr	I	They sat , and she pulled up her lips in a fake smile .
tr	I	They 'd been in some pretty crappy situations and he 'd never seen the kid look like that before .
tr	I	The three-hour drive was just long enough to keep the kids with her most of the time , and Jack lived in Greensboro .
tr	O	贝丝的肩膀明显放松下来，并且我想知道她为什么关心我与谁共度时光。
tr	I	The binding around Nic 's feet came apart with a sharp split and I tugged .
tr	O	我的手立刻麻木了，并且弓箭手的剑从我手中滑落。
tr	I	I turn toward my door , and it startles me .
tr	I	They were concerned , and something was wrong with me .
tr	O	她派出了她最好的守卫去寻找他，但是最终他们都空手而归。
tr	I	The collected women shied away , and the long , thin blade made a slight metallic scrape as she pulled it free .
tr	I	I trace the cracks in the table and the silence eventually rips my sanity open .
tr	I	His eyes seemed brighter and I stared at him in disbelief , noticing that his cheeks had more pink in them than they had before .
tr	O	我环顾四周，而且这里看起来像荒无人烟的地方。
tr	I	That big sword was still in his grip , ready for action , and his wide shoulders lifted with each even breath .
tr	O	我不会称之为微笑，但是她的表情柔和了下来。
tr	O	米饭口感粗糙，而且鸡肉很柴。
tr	I	She was shaking on my shoulder and her screams turned into uncontrollable laughter .
tr	O	阳光此刻正完全晒在他的背上，而且他的脊背因汗水而刺痛。
tr	I	Somehow things manage to keep going , but in the positions I held it was easy to see a lot of infighting behind the scenes .
tr	I	He had to share control with others and it was never like this where everything was gray .
tr	O	我又查了我的手机，而且据我所知，凯尔西还在驳船上。
tr	I	I didn 't have any other choice , but I was shocked by my violence .
tr	O	我不喜欢这样，但是我的所有问题都仍然没有得到解答。
tr	I	It didn 't work out , but we had planned to hook up .
tr	O	他继续在她体内缓慢地移动着，而且她能感觉到那种甜蜜而又酸痛的快感再次在她体内涌动。
tr	O	一阵凉风拂过他的脸，而且他伸手去寻找那个缝隙。
tr	I	I was really pissed off yesterday morning , and when I 'm angry , it 's hard to contain my ability .
tr	I	Prerecorded classical music played quietly in the background , and the chapel was full .
tr	O	更具体地说，是南方人，并且更准确地说，是南卡罗来纳人。
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't leave them alone , but I wanted to back away to hear better .
tr	O	布放回去了，并且我们准备好了要走。
tr	O	埃里克正在破坏她的夜晚，而且他甚至都不在这里！
tr	O	大部分都很好，非常好，但是有一丝却是非常非常糟糕的。
tr	I	The heat streaming from the vents burns my fingers when I try to warm my hands and I get into the truck .
tr	I	He held her hands , tightly , and the Silver Fox felt for life .
tr	I	I wondered about Margaret 's response , but I readily agreed to join her .
tr	O	他不喜欢他们的关注，并且他的手在他身侧握紧成拳。
tr	I	She needed him , and she was his best friend .
tr	O	这从来都不好，并且问题只会变得更糟。
tr	I	Rushed toward them and Elena picked up her knife again .
tr	O	她站在一片接骨木林中，但是一股独特的松木香却传入她的感官。
tr	I	It is there , but it is faint .
tr	O	一丝潮红慢慢爬上她的脸颊，并且她希望伊万杰琳不会注意到它们。
tr	I	I felt a little dizzy and he smiled widely .
tr	I	She made her own way in the world , but she might be living in Jackson 's little palace .
tr	I	When you added what it meant to so many , it was overwhelming , but it was beautiful on its own .
tr	I	Upon them sat carrion fowl crying with fell voices , and on either hand the cliffs stood as embattled walls .
tr	I	I never got to properly thank him and he saved my life .
tr	I	My aunt , well , you met her , but I used to ask a lot of questions .
tr	I	She misused it , and she had access .
tr	I	He felt safe , and Life felt serene .
tr	I	Then he 'd pulled away , and she 'd been so certain he was about to kiss her .
tr	O	埃里克是第五区的警长，并且他是一个新晋吸血鬼。
tr	O	我松开了他的手，并且他把手拉向胸口，用另一只手搂住。
tr	O	你们正在长大成人，并且我们都同意你们的方向不一致。
tr	O	她的手很冷，并且当她松手时，艾蔻很高兴。
tr	I	I could tell by his breathing that he was struggling hard to stay up and he swayed slightly .
tr	I	Tiffany always had something to talk about and everyone who passed by her always seemed to stop to have a conversation .
tr	O	徘徊着，我们找到了那个区域，并且她检查着每一个角度。
tr	I	He couldn 't help himself , but he knew he should stop .
tr	I	I will help you find the answers you seek , and do what you need to do , Samantha Moon .
tr	I	He held his breath and the door squeaked once .
tr	I	The service began and the music started .
tr	I	It turned me on , and I knew he was looking at me the same way .
tr	I	Relief brought a smile to her lips and having made the decision , she nodded .
tr	I	I don 't believe she fell accidentally , and all I know is , Elyssa almost died out there on those cliffs .
tr	I	Then he shrugged , and Mark looked at the fork , surprised .
tr	I	Half wondered if I could take them home with me and I stood in awe at the beauty they created .
tr	I	Its driver continued around to the multiple garages at the side of the house and Angelina emerged from the vehicle .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且仅仅想着这件事，血液就涌向了他的腹股沟。
tr	I	This didn 't make her any more sympathetic towards him , but now she realized that he confused her with her twin .
tr	O	她必须前进，并且这意味着要面对她的姐姐。
tr	O	肾上腺素在他体内奔涌，并且他甚至在意识到自己在做什么之前，就已经走到了俱乐部的一半。
tr	I	It was short lived as the victim 's throat was crushed beneath the strength of his hand , but a soft squeal escaped his victim .
tr	I	He drained every ounce of himself inside her and she was still gripping him tightly in spasms .
tr	O	他没有车，并且他刚刚出狱。
tr	I	I am also aware that there are a few things that concern you , and I know how difficult it was for you to make this decision .
tr	O	他打开了门，并且本能地让他低下头。
tr	I	Smoke partially obscured our view of outside and the lobby windows were completely gone .
tr	I	He places my face in his hands and I take a step back .
tr	I	I just have this thing for classic Caddies , but it might look like I drive an old beater .
tr	O	突然传来一声咔哒响，并且门猛地打开了。
tr	I	She would finish it tonight , and she had found the book today .
tr	I	The three cars pulling into the stadium parking lot commanded my attention , and he had done his job .
tr	O	爱情没有持续，至少不是那种浪漫的爱情，并且他需要她继续做他的朋友。
tr	O	他一直很好奇她是如何在无情的航海世界中生存下来的，并且他认为她在这里的行为是一种启示。
tr	I	He turned , and the door opened .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but he held his breath .
tr	O	她理解地点了点头，但是她的嘴巴变得紧绷。
tr	I	I mean NO ONE ... and you do not talk about my personal life with anyone .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I should have just left her at The Carousel Club .
tr	O	萨姆为费伊辩护，费伊当时正想冲着乔西的脸打一拳，但是她知道分寸。
tr	I	People began to focus on their food and it was a relief when the meal was served .
tr	I	Ms. Richards said the weirdest thing , and then I asked how she died .
tr	O	诺克斯把我放下，并且我去检查意大利面。
tr	I	It felt like something else , but maybe it was just anticipation .
tr	I	They mostly left us alone to run our affairs as we saw fit , but technically we were owned by someone else now .
tr	I	He 'd get what was coming to him but he wouldn 't end up on a spit .
tr	O	安吉希望她能再次那样天真，但是天真却是离婚的代价之一。
tr	O	洛丽的车没油了，并且他载她去了一个服务站。
tr	O	热度增强了，并且他的嘴唇变得柔软了。
tr	I	Jamie had spent it with Chase , and Christmas was a few days past .
tr	I	A city still grieving , but A suspect in custody .
tr	I	I mean it literally , but people always say that .
tr	O	轻轨从未减速，但是我 knew 他不会在意。
tr	O	她碰了碰他的肩膀，并且她笑了。
tr	O	太阳刚从海上升起，但是已经很温暖了。
tr	O	她曾经乌黑亮丽的头发已经斑白了，并且她把头发剪得短多了。
tr	I	She loved every minute of it and she was one spoiled woman .
tr	O	绑在他身上的武器的重量让过程变得困难，但是他拒绝放弃他的任何武器。
tr	I	They were killers , but they were polite .
tr	I	I felt my limbs going weak , and my heart went to my throat .
tr	I	He gazed back innocently , and I spared Ash a quick glare over my shoulder .
tr	O	我再次旋转她的小身体，并且她的裙子拂过我的腿。
tr	I	She closed her eyes to relish the sensation and sweet , cool air pushed her hair back .
tr	I	I had no intention of starting now , and we weren 't touchy-feely kind of guys .
tr	O	他们来到门前，并且甘道夫敲了门。
tr	O	她知道她要做什么，但是她需要时间来鼓起勇气。
tr	O	我从一开始就知道她的故事弧线是什么，并且我知道它将有的戏剧性结局。
tr	I	She didn 't know why , but she realized suddenly that Reyes was angry .
tr	O	他的目光射向她，并且一个缓慢的笑容掠过他的脸，放松了他的面部特征。
tr	I	The tires were slipping , and Snow was piling up .
tr	O	我能感觉到它，并且除了继续在纸上展开我的灵魂，我想不出还能做什么。
tr	I	It got annoying fast , but two , her voice was pretty at first .
tr	O	我很累，但是不知怎的，我刚获得了我的第二口气。
tr	I	He refrained , not wanting to break their first fragile ties of friendship , but already Viktor was burning to ask Romulus a hundred questions .
tr	I	He was paranoid today , with so much to lose , but it had been a long time since a pickpocket had scored anything off him .
tr	I	The dining room is already empty , and he 's not in the ballroom .
tr	O	他的手下活跃起来，并且夜空充满了战斗的声音。
tr	O	Dham喊叫，但是 我忽略了他的问题。
tr	I	It will seldom pay off over 18 holes , but you might occasionally hit one five yards farther .
tr	I	He didn 't have the heart to take her to the pound and she showed up one day .
tr	O	那是好建议，但是 她曾希望——希望什么呢？
tr	O	在交易进行到一半时才发现，这不太公平，但是 他别无选择。
tr	O	事故发生后，他暂时淡出了公众视线，但是 他却以猛烈之势卷土重来。
tr	O	也许他们原计划在这里见面，而且 维多利亚却偏偏选择不告诉他。
tr	I	He 'd adopted her daughter and she was living with Jake .
tr	O	倒也不是我受不了住在农场，但是 我知道在维多利亚我会更快乐。
tr	I	When the man moved his hand away , Shai saw the infant 's seared flesh with three interlocking circles embedded in it and the infant wailed .
tr	O	我向右挪了一点，但是 我无法获得清晰的射击角度。
tr	O	他的表情变得难看，而且 我明白了原因。
tr	O	它有两盘满满的食物，并且还加了蜡烛。
tr	O	通常我会不喝可乐，但是我想吃糖。
tr	O	她知道我们看着她时她所产生的影响，并且她的嘴角勾起了一丝满意的微笑。
tr	I	The women stepped inside and the doors opened .
tr	O	好的，那么序幕已经结束，并且这件事即将开始。
tr	I	The others agreed with her , ignoring Phillip 's feigned wounded look when they disagreed him on his response and even Melissa contradicted something Phillip said .
tr	I	It felt like she was shouting , but she barely whispered .
tr	O	我想问她问题，但是她眼中的神情阻止了我，在她继续的同时。
tr	O	封面磨损了，并且书页被阳光晒白了。
tr	O	身体前倾撞向仪表盘，我感到手指打滑了，并且尽管我没有听到枪声，我的格洛克手枪还是后坐了。
tr	I	They 'd been tight , but Maxine , Hoyt 's mom , had been a couple of decades younger than Gran .
tr	O	他们的重点不是保护人类生命，而是最小化利润损失。
tr	O	一声充满关切的轻柔嗓音打破了我的自怜，并且我缓缓睁开眼睛，甚至没有意识到自己曾闭上它们。
tr	O	一股新的震动进入了她的链条，并且一阵眩晕感袭来。
tr	I	I want to ease the blow if she rejects me , and I tweak her nose because I 'm about to rock my own world .
tr	O	很难分辨，并且这让我变得多疑。
tr	I	Yet he 'd never known such pleasure , and his entire body ached .
tr	O	我相当害羞去做这件事，但是我亲吻了他的脸颊。
tr	O	他唯一能做的那个动作让他立即面临死亡的危险，但是别无选择。
tr	O	他们不是我喜欢的类型，或者更准确地说，我可能也不是他们喜欢的类型。
tr	O	吉米是我的小弟弟，比我们其他人小五岁，但是他喜欢和我们一起玩。
tr	I	I relax slightly and the phone stops vibrating .
tr	I	It was still depressing and now I was back a few minutes after I 'd left .
tr	O	他想停下来，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	He found a space to park and there was a large parking lot .
tr	O	他把剑握得很稳，但是他的姿势更放松了。
tr	I	The armor held but the bullets slammed into my back .
tr	O	我能预见自己会在这里待很久，但是我不能失去专注。
tr	O	3声清晰的电子尖叫声在房间里回荡，并且亚当看向我身后，好像他一时不明白自己身在何处。
tr	I	I looked down at my hands , and I had no answer for that .
tr	I	He knew about her , and he certainly knew Whitney .
tr	I	He leaned back into the counter , as if hoping to ward her off and his eyes were wide .
tr	I	I hear it as a screech , like a thousand mice , attacking their prey , but the door squeaks softly .
tr	O	他们有相同的鼻子，并且两人都有深邃的翠绿色眼睛。
tr	O	起初你会被飞行的美丽所吸引，但是你必须努力记住自己保持那种形象。
tr	O	她看着我，并且她指向我身后。
tr	O	这次打断终于让那两名男子摆脱了他们的家谱对话，并且泽尔达趁此休息之机向前倾身。
tr	O	密西西比河之旅是一个好故事，但是这是一个众所周知的故事。
tr	I	She shook as if she was throwing up and Kristin 's eyes rolled back into her head .
tr	O	史蒂文很快就改喝了葡萄酒，并且他在餐后点了波特酒。
tr	I	A tall Asian woman entered holding a stack of papers and he went to the door a moment later .
tr	I	He forced himself to sound casual but his throat tightened with wimpy emotion .
tr	O	我看到了他内心正在进行的争论，在他肩膀放松并且他显然妥协之前。
tr	I	You would run it into the ground , but you may know how to run the business .
tr	O	我坐了下来，并且他轻轻地推了我。
tr	O	我仍未提及精神病院，但是我告诉了他我对Alexa的新怀疑。
tr	I	It 's only one-way communication , but I don 't know why .
tr	I	The kid was really unhappy and the place was a mess .
tr	I	I didn 't bother giving her a reply , but her comment rubbed my nerves raw .
tr	I	Unseen University had turned out to be stifling , and he 'd become a wizard because he 'd thought that wizards knew how the universe worked .
tr	I	The business was starting to take shape , and local printers excelled with the new menu .
tr	O	与其他动物没有任何冲突，并且我估计那是因为没有任何接触。
tr	O	莎莉轻微地喘着气，并且他头晕目眩以至于快要昏过去了。
tr	O	我等她提问，但是她没有。
tr	I	That was over a year ago , so it took time to find again , but I remembered reading something in one of Master Drake 's books .
tr	O	我以为关于阿彻的消息会真的让人们心烦意乱，但是结果却恰恰相反。
tr	O	DC-3飞机驶近了，并且普雷斯顿使用信号棒，就像在大型机场使用的那种，来指引巴克进入。
tr	I	Her skin ached with cold and her legs stiffened .
tr	O	它不完全是地下室，但是它也不完全在地上。
tr	O	他的眼睛仍然是鲜艳的红色，但是怒气已从他的脸上消退，因为他再次把注意力集中在她身上。
tr	O	杰里米按了门铃，但是伊丽莎白没有回应。
tr	O	他问道，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	In the end , she was unmoved , but her gaze remained steady on his , riveted .
tr	I	He didn 't expect anyone else to notice how he was coping with the stressors around him , but he knew his meditations brought him greater balance .
tr	O	他的手指碰到我的地方，我的皮肤刺痛，并且我感到我最后的抵抗正在消融。
tr	O	我沿着台阶喊下去，但是她没有回应。
tr	I	There 's a slight delay as they talk amongst themselves , but maybe they need final approval from somewhere .
tr	I	He was sulking like a child and it was just a little fight .
tr	I	I will do as I promised , and let us go to Byron .
tr	I	Early Sunday her sister delivered a thick chocolate caramel cake , and Mrs. Card called her sister out in the free world .
tr	I	There was nothing that he could do , but he yearned to take this away from her .
tr	I	Behind him , Murphy does this same , and Ronan shakes his head .
tr	O	凯尔西大声咳嗽，试图掩饰又一声笑声，但是班上其他人则不太成功地克制住自己。
tr	I	His eyes were black again , and Blond Boy looked at her .
tr	I	I didn 't let on that I knew , but Murphy crept a little closer to the door .
tr	I	Though it didn 't much interest me , it was better than nothing , and someone had left an instructional video in the machine .
tr	O	乔什不知道为什么，但是他开始紧张起来。
tr	O	他的笑容扩大成微笑，并且他对我眨了眨眼。
tr	O	黑暗战胜了我的感官，并且我毫不费力地滑下了一个对我来说毫无意义的盘旋图像隧道。
tr	O	他的肚子咕咕叫，并且他坐下来吃饭。
tr	I	It did but it took a few moments for the shouting to die down .
tr	O	突然我感到紧张，但是那超过了我们最终在一起的念头。
tr	O	列维没有补充那句话，但是他肯定在想。
tr	O	男士们看起来很时髦，并且女士们看起来很可爱。
tr	O	今天我们比昨天更高，并且明天——他，威尔伯·默瑟的复合形象，抬头看了一眼前方的上升。
tr	O	只是你和我，亲爱的。
tr	I	I was awed , and he was a warrior .
tr	I	No amount of money can buy health and I 'm sure she 's realized by now that her blood isn 't blue .
tr	I	He stopped short when he saw who was standing there , but he spun to face her , mouth open to say something .
tr	O	他一直在吃的炖肉袋掉到地上，变成一滩稀泥，并且那个男孩慢慢地举起了手。
tr	I	Then he looked up at Tavis , and Graeme glanced around the rapidly filling room .
tr	O	他那幸福的假面破碎了，并且一张新面孔显露出来。
tr	O	她在对我微笑，但是那不是她往常的笑容。
tr	I	I 'm legally considered his heir , and he had no children of his own .
tr	O	这里发生了别的事情，并且我想知道那是什么。
tr	O	他们的婚姻开始时可能有错误的理由，但是现在，一切都很好因为他们彼此相爱。
tr	O	我在前一天晚上打扫了车，确保所有垃圾都清理了并且闻起来很香。
tr	I	They were pretty good , nonetheless but only one of them was Oriental .
tr	O	其他想法涌入她的脑海，并且她尽可能快地把它们记了下来。
tr	O	她吻了他，并且有一瞬间，他的犹豫让她停顿。
tr	I	Jackson checked them one by one , and several reports had already been filed .
tr	I	Shakyamuni 's ' family palace was destroyed , and there was an intense battle .
tr	I	As you can see it 's pretty huge , and that 's the guest house .
tr	I	She wasn 't the only one who 'd reacted emotionally , but tears had blurred Grace 's eyes .
tr	O	我与其他男性的肢体接触可能很有限，但是我知道朋友之间不会互相抚摸头发。
tr	O	阿尔玛正试图理解他，这是安妮卡从未做到的，但是他却仍然只能想着安妮卡。
tr	O	她曾无数次设想过这一刻，但是真正身处其中呢？
tr	O	贝琪张开嘴想抗议，但是她妈妈还没说完。
tr	O	我不确定他是不是那个意思，但是我还是给了他一个勉强的笑容。
tr	O	杰斯想让约翰尼再吻她一次，但是她的一部分却不想他这样做。
tr	O	另一声巨响从她身后传来，并且当她看过去时，天空已经变得漆黑。
tr	O	他仍然和她调情，但是她没有回应。
tr	I	He just grinned back confidently , but she waited , letting him sweat .
tr	O	她习惯了独自处理问题，并且她不想养成依赖他的习惯。
tr	I	I hated all untruth because of it , and the cruelty of it sank into me .
tr	O	我本想如此，并且那就是我远离的原因。
tr	I	In the swirling air it jerked him violently to one side and it was instantly pulled into shape .
tr	I	I heard nothing from either of them , but the girl across from him had to know .
tr	I	Other residents stopped to see what was happening , and my guards straightened up , awaiting my orders .
tr	O	他对我翻了个白眼，并且我推了他一把。
tr	I	Everyone goes together in a caravan and maybe it was a group thing .
tr	I	This time I tried to think of what I was going to say when I saw him , and I started running again .
tr	O	他溜走几分钟去四处看看，并且就在他的部队向西开往保护城市的城墙时，他回来了。
tr	I	Her fishnets were torn , and her hair was blonde with purple streaks .
tr	O	因此我们有点不堪重负，但是我确信你的军衔会保证通行。
tr	O	我从未告诉她那件事，并且现在我希望我当时告诉她了。
tr	I	My body follows as quickly , and my hand moves as if it has its own brain , its own will .
tr	O	斯科特喝完了咖啡，但是当他去付钱时，本告诉他免单。
tr	I	All of our resources were dwindling into nothing , and Time passed under this regime .
tr	O	芬恩完全绕道去了咖啡馆的另一部分，但是我们在收银台相遇了。
tr	I	She finally gave up on it , but it nagged at her mind .
tr	O	他开始从她身边走过，但是她挡在了他前面。
tr	O	这些模块已经停在转运场了，并且无法更改设计。
tr	O	维恩差点继续说下去，但是她忍住了。
tr	I	Jared rolled to his back and shifting , I moved to straddle him .
tr	O	她平静的语气又回来了，但是这仍然让我脊背发凉。
tr	O	乔治的妻子被他母亲侮辱了，并且现在为了谁对谁不敬而全面开战。
tr	I	One of them had a drunken hesitation to his step , and he could see little more than that they were not i dressed well .
tr	O	布恩一直在翻阅亚历克斯解剖学教科书中的生殖章节，读出随机引语让她脸红，让我发笑。
tr	O	我自己没看到，但是听说他的内脏流满了王座室的地板。
tr	I	The war was over and the Indians brought in Jarrett Carter from D.C. .
tr	O	莱尼是我们从她惊恐的尖叫声中第一个注意到的人，但是当我们把你从海里捞上来时，你却很平静。
tr	I	When she finds out ... I could lose everything with the things I 've done for you and I 've lied to my wife .
tr	O	他停顿了一下，并且他把目光转向加里的方向。
tr	I	Maybe she would have to ask Hadley , or she would have to ask him later .
tr	O	这在我们一起踏入学校之前就已经开始了，并且这在技术上是合法的。
tr	I	The guard relented , but another moment passed .
tr	O	我必须让他立刻停下来，并且打你是我想到的唯一办法。
tr	O	很少有人走在人行道上，但是他们中的任何一个都可能藏有武器。
tr	I	They were starting to be realized with distributed processing , and many of those qualities were especially important in robotics .
tr	I	I closed my eyes in frustration , and my head fell back on the seat .
tr	I	I heard her draw a deep breath , and Aunt Abby 's voice was clear in my ear .
tr	I	All this started happening , and then I wake up .
tr	I	Then again , he might be on Callum 's side , but this Eric might be telling the truth about his appointment with Dylan .
tr	O	他扼住我脖子的手劲刚好能把我从井里拖出来，但是水冲散了他掐我喉咙的企图。
tr	I	That made no difference , but I opened them wider .
tr	I	It is all mine and I feel what I feel .
tr	O	门开了，并且一个小小的身影走了进来。
tr	O	她现在不能叫他史蒂夫，并且她不敢叫他卢卡斯。
tr	O	水分进入了格蕾丝的嘴里，并且她点了点头。
tr	O	有一个短暂的停顿，而且当我瞥向他时，他正用疑惑的眼神看着我。
tr	O	它们中的大多数都含有佩约特，而且无法挽回了。
tr	I	The solid ground didn 't feel good as my bones crashed into it , but I was thankful we weren 't in the swamp .
tr	I	She pops and I squeeze .
tr	O	她在火星上被标记了，但是她注册在沃伯格名下。
tr	I	Haven 's heart pounded furiously as he looked straight at her , and he slowly turned in her direction as he lifted his head .
tr	I	It terrifies me and I 've never spaced out that severely before .
tr	O	杰克很快就会因为阿诺德夫人的谋杀案被拘留，但是他无疑会告诉他们阿诺德参与了一切。
tr	I	They sounded almost defensive , but she said the words .
tr	O	他们经过了自动售货机室和卫生间，发现自己在一个巨大的黑色推拉门旁的登记台前。
tr	O	她的蓝眼睛里充满了泪水，而且当她说话时，我的心揪紧了。
tr	O	他的另一只手放在她的脸上，并且轻拂过她的脸颊。
tr	I	Unlike Elden , it did not immobilize him , but Thor , too , was filled with fear .
tr	O	我努力展望未来，但是我无法看透此刻。
tr	I	Happiness was not in the cards , but she would find contentment somehow in her marriage .
tr	I	I didn 't kill him , but Pete 's family calls me a murderer .
tr	I	The smaller of the two figures winced , and the chicken nugget wiggled a little more .
tr	I	His legs brush against mine lengthwise , and he slides down .
tr	O	几分钟后，警察终于撬开了电梯门，并且格蕾丝看到他们被困在楼层之间。
tr	I	It gave them an excuse to be nosy , and it stopped watchmen falling asleep at their posts .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop herself , but she already knew the answer .
tr	I	It was one he didn 't understand to this day and her parting curse had been the crudest blow of all .
tr	I	You , Isaiah and it was me .
tr	O	一分钟过去了，然后两分钟，然后三分钟，并且梅布仍然盯着那些该死的窗户。
tr	I	It still felt good , but it might have been wrong .
tr	O	就好像我们周围流淌的人流河上的灯光变暗了，并且我们是仅有的两个色彩鲜明的人。
tr	I	The trees of Aviary were three times the width , but I 'd always thought that our redwoods at The Shade were magnificent .
tr	O	我向卡勒姆头顶上的灯点点头，并且他打开了它。
tr	O	我试着预约了，但是到目前为止我根本没能联系上他。
tr	O	我很快就要死了，并且这就是全部了。
tr	O	费伊带着绝望的希望，想要强行闯过去，向门扑去，但是门很快就被锁住了，挡住了她。
tr	O	门打开了，并且一个看起来很紧张的艾拉娜走进了房间。
tr	I	I 'm sure this was a nod , but it doesn 't look like much .
tr	I	Even so , it seemed like it had been an eternity since the sun was out , but yes , it was winter .
tr	O	科迪的眉毛皱了起来，并且蕾根摇了摇头，当他们走向她的卧室时，拍了拍他厚实的肩膀。
tr	I	It will predispose any other action until it is resolved , and our laws state this is a direct threat to all of us .
tr	O	筹码有多种颜色，并且一些雇主使用定制设计。
tr	O	抱歉，帕特里克，但是我必须快速做出选择。
tr	I	The smaller waves couldn 't topple them , but the kayak jostled over the rough water .
tr	O	她继续喋喋不休，但是她对正在进行的谈话的意识从未离开过她的脑海。
tr	I	It had taken some time , but the tears had finally stopped .
tr	O	我耸了耸肩，并且再次，我听到了血液涌入耳中的呼啸声。
tr	O	它足够深，她可以蜷缩在里面，并且她花了一点时间研究其他竞争对手。
tr	I	His senses were on edge , and his blood was pumping faster .
tr	O	一扇门滑开了，并且他们进去了。
tr	O	文斯怀疑的表情与诺兰的直觉不谋而合，并且他叹了口气，知道自己该怎么做。
tr	O	幸好她喜欢她的室友，或者她可能会真的气疯了。
tr	O	派奇看了我一眼，并且我点了点头。
tr	O	他说她让他忘记，但是他也让她忘记了。
tr	O	她能看到下面、水面下有动静，并且那不是鱼。
tr	I	I wished I could see Cole 's face , and there was this incredibly tense moment .
tr	I	She still said she wishes you were driving , but I told her it wasn 't her fault .
tr	I	A new challenge seemed to be drawn and Recognition dawned .
tr	I	She was quite striking , and the woman had a mop of wavy auburn hair , almost the same color as Nick 's .
tr	O	我不知道为什么会在这种时候，但是它们意味着什么。
tr	O	它们一路灼烧着，并且我向前挺腰。
tr	O	我不想相信，但是证据就白纸黑字地摆在那里。
tr	I	My knees are suddenly weak , and my mouth has gone dry .
tr	I	He would have sworn that honor was a cornerstone of her character , and he was a very good judge of people .
tr	O	我理解这并非你天生擅长，但是你至少可以表现出你在努力。
tr	O	他已经从那个不必要的声明造成的最初困窘中恢复过来，并且他已进入状态。
tr	I	Half hugged her back , and he laughed a little .
tr	I	When she glanced at Dayan he nodded imperceptibly , but it took only moments .
tr	O	菲利普的伤势非常严重，并且他正在接受优先治疗。
tr	O	我的手紧紧握住剑柄，但是我没有举剑攻击他。
tr	I	Her body was shaking , and her hands were trembling .
tr	I	He 'd never known the extent until now , but he implicitly knew Waters cared deeply about him .
tr	O	告诉我们，并且我们可能饶恕你。
tr	O	励志名言贴满了墙壁，并且泳池纪录的金色牌匾排满了门后的走廊。
tr	O	我的衣服因傍晚的细雨而潮湿，并且我抱紧自己以抵御寒冷。
tr	O	我当时还很年轻，但是我却记忆犹新。
tr	O	我感到一阵冲击，并且我动了。
tr	I	Then I was going to make love to her , and a little dancing under the stars .
tr	O	我用手指轻抚他的脸颊，并且当我这样做时，他闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	Then it hits me about the same time the hands grasp my shoulders , and I search to put a name with the voice .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do about it now , but I could tell Mom wasn 't happy about that .
tr	O	这是我的主意，而且我已经讨厌它了。
tr	O	我们一起举起了杯子，并且他低下了头。
tr	O	我知道他走了，但是我感觉，我不知道，就像他的一部分在我体内。
tr	O	她不知道他们是怎么到这里的，但是她很感激有干净的衣服可穿。
tr	O	信号很差，而且我几乎听不到他说什么。
tr	O	你把他们完全骗过去了，而且你做得很好。
tr	O	一架旧梯子靠墙立着，并且上面有一个木制活板门。
tr	I	The knowledge of his affection comforted me , and the heat of his body warmed me .
tr	I	That wasn 't too shocking , considering our schedules , but I hadn 't run into her all day .
tr	I	I nodded and she looked at me .
tr	O	她能看到他们在喊叫，但是她听不到他们。
tr	O	昨天我在电视上看到了世界变成了什么样子，并且我看到它在发明方面没有任何改变。
tr	O	她通常擅长她尝试的一切，但是绘画的奥秘完全让她摸不着头脑。
tr	O	他们需要去上班，并且他知道这一点。
tr	O	她知道自己听起来像个害羞的孩子，但是她不能让自己去感受。
tr	I	She had done it to herself , and she was trapped , hopelessly trapped .
tr	I	She could almost see him mentally counting how many beers she 'd had tonight , and then he looked at her empty mug on the table .
tr	O	然后我考虑是否应该打电话给妈妈，并且告诉她我要去哪里似乎不是一个坏主意。
tr	O	我轻轻点了点头，这样她就知道我听到了她的话，但是我没有回应。
tr	I	The others had mini hoards of records including some for Katherine and by the time Richard stepped into the room Calvin .
tr	O	屋里几乎没有声音，但是九能看到枪口的火光。
tr	O	格雷格继续盯着看，并且劳伦斯继续抽烟。
tr	O	再过一个月萨顿就会被覆盖，并且如果我们幸运的话，白雪至少会持续到二月中旬。
tr	O	河不宽，但是索菲亚觉得这缓慢流动的水比看起来要深。
tr	O	我看守死者，并且他们看守我。
tr	O	一丝熟悉感触动了莎拉的意识，但是她想不起来以前在哪里见过他。
tr	O	她的抓捕者把她扔到芬恩瘫软的身体旁边，并且她惊恐地看着生命从他的眼中流逝。
tr	O	说出这些话让她心如刀绞，但是她告诉自己她欠斯塔凡的。
tr	O	萨拉是一位出色的厨师，并且她是一个宝贵的伴侣。
tr	O	好了，我想今天我们先放他走，但是你得确保他不会一直缠着你。
tr	O	对不起你不得不经历那些，但是你现在安全了。
tr	I	It seemed so far away , but I vaguely heard a voice speaking .
tr	I	More guests surged in from the hall , carrying Ainsley with them like the tide , but Ainsley turned to leave the drawing room .
tr	I	This vision wasn 't clear and it was many years ago .
tr	I	Lydia 's dreams became more vivid and Margie 's calls continued in the weeks that followed .
tr	I	He saw rope marks circling her neck , and he unbuttoned the collar of her dress .
tr	I	They spoke almost together , but she was faster .
tr	O	为了寻找答案，亚瑟从兰花开始了他的调查，但是城里太多的花店都在卖它们。
tr	O	接着他将她紧紧拥入怀中，并且维丽蒂在他们相互激情的火焰中迷失了自我，忘却了所有关于未来的事。
tr	I	She wielded a spear , and the other horseman was a woman with short black hair , slender figure .
tr	O	我的裙子不见了，而且我的婚礼在周六。
tr	O	佐尔坦的主意不错，但是这会严重限制他们的行动能力。
tr	O	我经常和詹姆斯说话，但是他显然听不到我。
tr	I	She also knew that she was dying , but she knew she wasn 't dead .
tr	I	He had never once taken that opportunity , and he 'd had many chances to kill her , to use her , to drain her .
tr	I	In the end , that 's probably what the father wanted all along , and you let him get it off his chest .
tr	I	The old couple were told to put their money away , and they shook hands .
tr	O	我没料到爸爸会说我手臂的事，但是我身体还是感觉有点下沉。
tr	I	Instead she caught him fighting back whatever inner demon he denied having , but Julia glanced over her shoulder expecting to see Gio smiling .
tr	O	电工解释说他认识一个营地守卫，并且那个人那天晚上会在镇上的小酒馆里。
tr	I	He 'd perversely refused to release her and Charlotte had wanted to cancel the wedding .
tr	I	His top lip was curled in a sneer , and he crossed his arms over his chest .
tr	I	Instead of leading her into the house , he started to walk toward the cabin , but Daniel picked her up .
tr	I	Her grandfather was overbearing and her brother was flippant .
tr	O	她从未听说过那个咒语，但是听起来好像会奏效。
tr	O	他比任何人都想说出它们，但是当他尝试时，它们却未说出口地悬在他的唇边。
tr	O	我同意那信息的大部分内容，但是它不再像以前那样让我充满激情。
tr	O	妮可抬手去按门铃，但是门在她按之前就开了。
tr	I	I still didn 't cry out , but I couldn 't prevent the tears from filling my eyes .
tr	O	他感觉就像家一样，并且就那一晚，我假装他仍然是。
tr	I	Then the world went black , and Pain exploded in her head .
tr	O	她仍在尖叫，但是随着那些男人继续残酷地试图让她失去意识，声音减弱了。
tr	I	The realization made him sick for Emily , and Jacob could see it in the boy 's eyes .
tr	I	There was always an air pocket I couldn 't get out , but I tried a bunch of times .
tr	I	I can 't find the energy , but I open my mouth to scream .
tr	I	The table grew quiet , and the note was sour .
tr	I	She was fading from me quickly , but my wolf howled .
tr	O	压力消失了，但是他感到头晕目眩。
tr	O	圆顶看起来是一个合乎逻辑的目标，但是我们不知道它在哪里。
tr	O	我们对吊床来说太重了，而且它翻了，把我们摔了出来。
tr	O	如果我们移动，我们可能会吓到它们，而且它们就会监视我们。
tr	I	Something appeared different , but tears in Miranda 's lovesick eyes had pretty much been the norm these last few days .
tr	O	我按了布里奇特公寓的门铃，而且过了一会儿，她就让我进去了。
tr	I	When Charlie answered , I had no idea what to say , but from the sanctuary of my hotel room , I called my best friend .
tr	I	It was time to close the deal and they had been negotiating with Vector for several months .
tr	I	The door was closed on her and giving it up as a bad job , Miriam walked into the cell .
tr	I	He pulled out two blue ceramic mugs and the microwave dinged .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but Jace opened his mouth to say he 'd live .
tr	O	这并没有阻止她担心他的工作，但是他们都觉得自己住在平民中间很特别。
tr	I	A lot of men in Gavin 's position could have backgrounds similar to his , but sure , there were some similarities .
tr	I	I have the very thing , and we need the proverbial herring .
tr	I	The man knew it , and she had nothing left .
tr	O	靴子已经被芭蕾平底鞋取代了，而且她用紧身黑裤换了一条蕾丝飘逸的裙子。
tr	I	Rose did the same right back and Skye stared at her .
tr	O	暖流涌遍她的全身，而且她无法自持。
tr	O	她环顾四周，并且眼睛瞪大了。
tr	O	她依然镇定，并且他不可能看穿她的心思。
tr	O	他们显得很困惑，但是那似乎是一种受控的状态。
tr	I	I turned to face him and I pushed against his arm , surprisingly it loosened .
tr	I	It felt like home and it was all familiar .
tr	O	我以为玛西可能已经回到她房间了，但是她却在厨房等我们。
tr	O	我笑得肚子疼，并且眼泪顺着我的脸颊流了下来。
tr	O	她的心在他胸口剧烈跳动，并且她从头到脚都在颤抖。
tr	O	我甚至从未被人约过会，并且现在我被约了。
tr	O	他梦到僵尸，并且他得不到安宁。
tr	O	他已经被打了五个小时了，并且他知道他的故事听起来有多离奇。
tr	O	我告诉她我想要我的毛孔非常干净，并且看起来清新。
tr	O	也许他们是，但是她不是。
tr	I	He was shaking like a leaf and he was still holding the gun .
tr	O	那个吻感觉棒极了，并且它触动了她内心的某个开关。
tr	O	我颤抖了，并且雅各布把我拉进他的怀里。
tr	I	There was a smudge of dirt on her cheek , and her mouth was half open .
tr	O	他那惊艳的眼睛转向我，并且一个明亮的笑容点亮了他的脸，让我的心为之震颤。
tr	O	她的眼睛已经适应了，并且现在她能看到她父亲独自躺着。
tr	I	A voice from behind called to me , but I started to speak .
tr	I	It was all a mean-spirited joke and we could have fallen backward to Earth , pretending we 'd been teasing each other .
tr	I	I looked back at Etienne and I forced myself to smile a small smile at Lucien , take in the elegant dining room where we were seated .
tr	O	她指引我们去找长柄，并且我翻找了几个，试图找到一个尖端结实的。
tr	I	All dark thoughts faded away and he tightened his arm around my shoulders .
tr	O	男人是一个家庭的躯干，但是女人是它的根。
tr	O	他是个好人，但是他就是不肯谈论他的第一次婚姻。
tr	O	至少阴影遮盖了一些瘀伤，但是 在完全的光线下，托马斯状况非常糟糕。
tr	I	The tragedy last night seems to have kept most inside this morning , but ordinarily there would be a few people wandering around .
tr	I	He sat in a matching chair and I sat on a cane sofa with flowery upholstery .
tr	O	她床边的电话响了，并且她翻身去接听。
tr	O	她的眼睛闭着，并且她几乎无法控制地哭泣着。
tr	O	她的丈夫用温柔的手指触碰她的下巴，并且她抬头看着他。
tr	I	She wasn 't willing to risk losing it and Amelie had a second chance at love .
tr	I	The baby doesn 't seem to be in any distress , and I don 't think it 's attached to the cord .
tr	I	He shook his head , chuckling and I smiled at him .
tr	O	他几乎没有时间安排，但是他还是成功举办了一个相当不错的除夕派对。
tr	O	他把手放在她的肩膀上，并且她假装放松。
tr	I	Then she fell in behind him as he strode inside , and Sean 's answering grin stoked the heat already burning in her .
tr	O	米格尔快速地念出译文，并且整个小组似乎都笑了。
tr	O	我的叔叔点了点头，并且她笑了。
tr	I	A revitalizing breeze rustled through the trees , but the fresh air was thick with moisture .
tr	I	I had to scream when he threw me across the room into a wall and he sped my way , grabbed me by the shoulders .
tr	I	I wanted it now , and I wanted fire .
tr	I	I swallowed down panic , and the emptiness in my hands suddenly felt very real .
tr	O	她的法式发髻有点松散了，并且几缕发丝垂落到她的肩上。
tr	O	噪音很大，但是萨默并不介意。
tr	I	I could barely breathe , and I couldn 't see .
tr	O	也许那一部分是迷信，但是大部分只是为了自保。
tr	O	她的手指环绕着椅背，并且她坐了进去，双手整齐地放在腿上。
tr	I	His skin was a dark bronzed color , shimmering slightly like metal and his mouth was a very thin line with hardly any visible lip .
tr	I	He needed the reassurance of her touch , but he wanted to ask her to stop , thinking it wasn 't right .
tr	I	I ignored it , but Desire stirred .
tr	I	You run away and take your friends .
tr	I	They probed , boring in , always trying to penetrate every surface they found and they were light blue .
tr	I	He was also much broader , and he stood much taller than the other players .
tr	I	I 'd like to talk to him , but it might be pointless .
tr	O	他安全地双脚着地到达底部，但是惯性几乎让他跪倒在地。
tr	O	她把头探进餐厅，但是里面也空无一人。
tr	I	It seemed there was no end to them and more were coming .
tr	I	There was a mad push for the doors and a panic overtook the young crowds .
tr	O	他讨厌想起她，谈论她，并且我确信他再也不想见到她。
tr	I	My father 's face softens and Edward holds out his hand .
tr	I	I was in too deep to leave , and I was Stefan Salvatore .
tr	I	The shadow under the door vanished , but she never heard the woman leave .
tr	I	That is exactly what you do need , but you say you don 't need protection .
tr	I	It was very strange to see it in other 's eyes , but I had become very familiar seeing it often in my reflection .
tr	O	我的手指摩挲着他坚硬的部位，并且它在我手心移动时，我倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	人群再次疯狂起来，并且蔡斯不得不让他们安静。
tr	I	Yet they let the half breed live , and it still amazed him how dangerous the other couple was .
tr	I	Her greed to taste him made her attempt to , but she couldn 't take him all in .
tr	O	我本以为会看到阿出卡克在下面的地板上挣扎，但是当我向下看楼梯时，他却不见踪影。
tr	I	She wasn 't there , but he tried one last time to reach her mind , to salvage his trust in her .
tr	I	The silence folded back around them and the truck roared away .
tr	O	我拉扯着衣领，但是它不肯脱落。
tr	O	之后是静电声，听起来像是电话掉了，并且随后语音邮件结束了。
tr	I	How different it 'd been from anything he 'd experienced before , and thoughts about Kelly , last night .
tr	O	我举起了手，并且我们都停了下来。
tr	O	我的眼睛睁大了，并且我笑了。
tr	O	他听到了最糟糕的情况，并且他没有尖叫着跑开。
tr	I	The pieces all came from different directions , but he brought up his saber to defend himself .
tr	O	曾有那么一刻，那个生物被一道无形的墙壁击飞了……，但是多利安不可能拥有力量。
tr	O	等我的石膏固定好后，我们就离开医院回家，并且我父亲一路都保持沉默。
tr	O	尼尔已经离开了，并且佐伊站了起来，毫无疑问是要出去开车。
tr	O	她的腿上放着一个文件夹，并且他能猜到发生了什么。
tr	O	她一丝不挂，并且房间里很冷。
tr	O	哈洛的眼睛睁大了，并且我忍住了笑容。
tr	I	All the lights went out again , and Sheridan gave a low throaty laugh .
tr	O	我迫切地想在我们之间设置某种障碍，或者我担心我会像个傻笑的女仆一样扑向他。
tr	O	他的声音很严厉，并且我翻了个白眼。
tr	O	这个想法让我的胃收紧，并且我看向伊森，他正忙着看我欣赏他的作品。
tr	I	I was slightly nervous and this excursion was going to be a new experience for me .
tr	I	It 's impossible to mistake the silent examination that follows , but he always bursts into a smile when he sees me .
tr	O	我搂住他的腰，并且我们走出了武器室。
tr	I	I regretted my decision almost immediately and the cement was cold on my feet .
tr	I	They travel and they book tickets .
tr	O	他的衬衫破了，一只手臂在滴血，并且他的颧骨高处还有一道难看的伤口。
tr	O	他们都在谈论的这种转世事情很奇怪，但是也许他能从中找出一些道理。
tr	O	没有人被抓到，并且这就是今天的故事。
tr	I	Unfortunately there was no way to prove that yet , but it also seemed logical that Shipley was the killer .
tr	I	He hardly spoke to me , and I met him the other day .
tr	O	她在离家前，和黛博拉一起倒空了她父母的瓶子，并且她还在上面放了两支烟。
tr	I	He looked at Ash , and his face became sad .
tr	I	They talked about art and he showed her his paintings .
tr	O	我知道这没什么道理，但是我几乎看不清他的任何特征，任何使他像人的地方。
tr	O	餐厅里挤满了顾客，然而劳伦却站在那里，什么也没做。
tr	O	你一直告诉我你还没准备好，但是我只听到了我想听的。
tr	I	I will need your help , but I will try to stall her .
tr	O	当他完成时，船长们大喊，并且喇叭也响了起来。
tr	I	Her eyes were of deep blue sea color and her skin was smooth as silk , without a blemish , well taken care of .
tr	I	So flat he doubted if it would float and it was well past its use by date .
tr	O	她没有过分炫耀自己的，但是她也没有藏着。
tr	I	The bird would take flight , and all she had to do was slap them down .
tr	I	They stepped into the car , pushing the button for the seventh floor , and the elevator doors opened right then .
tr	O	我走回长凳，并且我的目光立刻转向卢克。
tr	I	I heard the rattle of keys and she fished in her jeans pocket .
tr	I	My breaths were painful , and I struggled to move .
tr	O	她一直说话，并且他一直怒视。
tr	O	它们看起来比他想象的要坚挺得多，并且他渴望挤压它们。
tr	I	Naturally I declined his offer , and now he wants them back .
tr	I	Tempers flared again , as vampires hurled curses at me , and someone yelled out .
tr	O	JP的眼睛亮了起来，并且他也照做了，吐出长长的烟雾，然后是一排小烟圈。
tr	I	The weight of it on my arm makes the situation seem more real and I look at the chronometer on my wrist .
tr	I	I let him sleep on the rug in the living room and sometimes he comes over to my place .
tr	O	她怀疑听到霍利迪说她觉得一切都会好起来，是否能减轻恐惧，但是她必须尝试。
tr	O	我从未觉得查德矮小，但是他与巴斯蒂安相比，根本不算什么。
tr	O	他们相处得很好，并且这种默契并非昙花一现的偶然。
tr	I	Many began to flee and they drowned in flames .
tr	I	A wintry finger of ice swept down his spine and droplets of sweat were taking form on the back of his neck .
tr	I	I stiffened , thinking of my department cell strapped under the seat and a cell phone rang .
tr	O	我开始站起来，但是我的左腿一软。
tr	O	我问了，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	I know what he does , I said , but I don 't know him .
tr	O	他把我翻过来仰卧着，并且雪让我喘不过气来。
tr	O	那仅仅是四天前的事情，但是现在却显得非常遥远了。
tr	O	公主正在躲藏，并且他希望我们帮助他找到她！
tr	I	There it was and she pushed her way behind the pile of boxes , looked up .
tr	I	She felt the floodgates break between them and his eyes popped open .
tr	O	弗拉德的声音凭空出现，但是一个影子在她床尾形成，自行塑形，然后凝聚。
tr	O	她在逃进帐篷前已经检查过控制装置，并且她知道电荷已经开始减弱。
tr	O	他起初在微笑，仍在玩着他的小把戏，但是当他感觉到我的嘴唇时，他的笑容消失了。
tr	O	我揉了揉他的指关节，并且甚至它们也像我面前的男人一样，似乎碎裂了。
tr	I	I 'm an excellent climber and you did it before .
tr	I	My words were jumbled in my brain , but I wanted to end the awkward silence .
tr	I	That night I caught them , and I believed her lies instead .
tr	O	曾经，拉姆齐不仅是邓肯最好的朋友，而且他也是业内最好的吸血鬼猎人。
tr	O	格雷戈里的脸色明显苍白了，并且他猛地坐了下来。
tr	I	I resisted the urge , but I considered texting Ashton to let him know that I needed more cheering up .
tr	I	He wouldn 't wake up , but I tried to ask him what was happening .
tr	O	我是最大的，并且我觉得对其他人负有责任。
tr	O	我的肘部重重地撞在地上，并且我咬紧了牙关。
tr	O	几分钟内救护车就到了，并且尸体被担架抬着经过人群。
tr	I	I felt strangely unbalanced and my head was spinning .
tr	I	The straps held me down , but I tried to get up .
tr	O	琴架裂开了，并且好几根琴弦都断了。
tr	I	They passed through and the scout took care of the formalities .
tr	O	我让克里斯蒂安把我拉进他怀里，并且我靠在他的衬衫上哭了。
tr	I	Anyway he 's got tenure , and he owes me a couple of favors .
tr	I	He found himself in the medical ward at the academy and his eyes opened .
tr	I	I don 't know why , and I can 't .
tr	I	This , she could not accept , but she 'd wrapped her brain around plenty of implausible scenarios during her career .
tr	O	她向后退去，举起双手遮住眼睛，并且那个生物移到了她身后。
tr	O	曾经在爸爸椅子右边有一个通往厨房的独立入口，但是我的父亲已经把它封起来了。
tr	I	All four of them closed their eyes right before they hit the wall , and they followed .
tr	I	The crowd gave room to us as it could , and my crazed screaming painted me insane even to myself .
tr	O	斯特凡的手指在我腿上的压力加大了，并且我只能张着嘴盯着乔治亚。
tr	I	A good deal more clever , and she 's as determined as her brother .
tr	I	Yet he didn 't and he knew him .
tr	O	艾米丽·菲尔兹也差点错过了传单，但是她最亲密的游泳朋友，杰玛·柯兰，看了过来。
tr	O	泰德·沃森最终会被移交给他们，并且那是我们最后一次见到他了。
tr	O	她甚至无法睁开眼睛，并且在他开口说话之前，她又一次睡着了。
tr	O	我本该激动万分，但是感觉我内心有什么东西死去了。
tr	O	你无法真正有效地为比赛做准备，并且你会在比赛结束前一直焦虑不安。
tr	I	Graham didn 't hide his disgust , and the smell of fear was rank .
tr	O	我们来到一块大石头旁，并且贾里德示意我坐下。
tr	I	Blaire 's footsteps echoed as she came down the stairs and the doorbell rang again .
tr	O	印度男人脸上的毛发很少，并且迈克尔没有胡子更好看。
tr	O	我爸爸在维持农场运转方面需要尽可能多的帮助，并且这里的人也不是最身强力壮的。
tr	I	Some of them were awake , and there were people close by .
tr	I	They 'd both lose everything or Ethan needed to remain stable .
tr	O	我能感觉到我的腿部肌肉痉挛，并且他仍然不停地向我猛攻。
tr	I	Her struggles had ceased , but Blood trickled from the corner of her mouth .
tr	I	I looked up , confused , and before either of us could say another word , the sky darkened .
tr	O	我们仍然在这里，并且我们正在变得更强大。
tr	I	Something had gone wrong , but the generator roared steadily behind its plywood partition .
tr	I	I paused as I heard my phone ringing and I sang to myself as I changed .
tr	O	我的心不知何故猛地跳了一下，并且我抓住了他的手。
tr	O	他伸手去抓把手，将手叠在我的手上，并且刀子开始摇晃。
tr	I	I didn 't have to like it , but it happened a lot in my business .
tr	O	马开始疾驰，而且在任何人来得及阻止她之前，那匹母马就以惊人的速度冲向了围栏。
tr	O	他脸上丝毫的痛苦消退了，并且他轻轻地抚过她的下颌线。
tr	O	嘴唇在动，但是我听不到任何声音。
tr	O	他短暂地萌生了无论如何都要走近她的念头，但是当他再次环顾四周时，她已经走了。
tr	I	After listening to their conversation , he 'd changed his mind , but he hadn 't intended to interact with those inside .
tr	I	I 'd have nothing and they 'd leave me .
tr	I	Then he would go to his clinic a few streets over , and it took Dad forty minutes to drive us there every morning .
tr	I	It was nothing more than a brunch , but the sight seemed to upset her when she saw they were alone .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but I cringed , expecting to be attacked , bitten , mutilated .
tr	I	I 'm so sorry that I lied to you and I had to have you .
tr	I	They will not see what I saw , and it will not be the same web .
tr	I	The springs creaked and he leaned back in his chair .
tr	O	Dean尖叫了一声，并且随后就一片寂静。
tr	O	她一整个晚上都没见到他，而且她不愿去想他可能去了哪里。
tr	I	The jabs kept her from moving forward , but Lea blocked them .
tr	O	记忆让她脸色泛红，并且她的鼻翼翕动了。
tr	O	这是他的最后一晚，并且他，和少数人一样，对黑暗没有丝毫恐惧。
tr	O	她在回复之前挂断了电话，但是，我再次忽略了它。
tr	O	他走近了，并且兰登向前一步挡住了他的去路。
tr	O	我径直穿过庭院，走向通往出口的外殿，但是站在那里的是一个奇怪的小个子男人。
tr	I	I feed less often this way and one full drain keeps it back .
tr	I	He gave a little squeeze , and his hands found my ass .
tr	I	It felt real to me , but deep down , I knew the marriage wasn 't legal .
tr	O	这里有四百亿人口，并且很少有其他世界的人口能达到其十分之一。
tr	I	The day 's events rushed into her mind , but Myra tried .
tr	O	我感到确定，并且乌拉认识他。
tr	I	Perhaps it was the stress of the situation , or already it was becoming troublesome having her around .
tr	I	His simple statement wounded her , but his tone was not accusatory , just matter-of-fact .
tr	O	她从书中得知，有些人从未真正长大，从未成熟，但是他们却因年龄较大而被认为是成年人。
tr	O	泰勒已经非常尊重莎拉·钱斯了，但是这次讨论又增加了一层高度的尊重。
tr	I	I 'm not worried about winning any popularity contests , and I 'm not running for public office .
tr	O	他说你昨晚需要帮助，并且他直到为时已晚才知道。
tr	I	It sure wasn 't the saddle of a pampered little rich girl , and the leather was in prime condition , as supple as it was strong .
tr	I	When Johnnie announced it was the last song , Jess had a sudden feeling of being let down and the show could have lasted for hours .
tr	O	你一晚上都没接电话，并且你才刚醒。
tr	O	我很愧疚撒谎把她弄出房间，但是科拉反应很快。
tr	I	I took an involuntary step back , and my eyes fixed on the gun .
tr	O	我的双拳紧握，并且我感觉上千根针在刺我的右掌。
tr	O	这使得我即将提出的请求从根本上说更加难以理解，但是我从小就被教导要保护他人。
tr	O	我约会的次数不多，但是这可能是最奇怪的一次。
tr	I	Laurence was surprised by his vehemence , and he was almost fierce about it .
tr	I	I decide to let Lacey have a night of peace , vowing to harass her tomorrow , and Cas walks back into the main room .
tr	O	乔治当然看到了冲击，但是他不记得有感觉到它。
tr	I	I must admit it made me so excited to see him again , and the girls hammered me over Seth .
tr	O	我本能地感受到了其中的真相，并且如果我说那一刻他没有吓到我，那我就在撒谎了。
tr	O	当泰选择座位时，我注意到他尽可能地远离克里斯汀坐着，但是她还是爬到他旁边。
tr	I	I was arrogant enough to think I did , but I don 't have the ability to do any sort of professional evaluation .
tr	I	I stop to pick up a pastry and my stomach rumbles .
tr	O	她不会相信我，并且信任根本无从谈起。
tr	O	大海变得平静，并且太阳开始照耀。
tr	I	The park nowhere near as quiet as it was then , and Tonight was bitterly cold .
tr	I	He 'll still get hurt , but if you want to save Zander , you have to stop her .
tr	I	He himself was absolutely shattered , but William sensed that tiredness wasn 't the reason Tabitha didn 't want to continue right now .
tr	I	He hated speaking of his origin and he was way too tired .
tr	I	His mind remained on Anne , but Chapter 4 Benjamin Stanford III , known as Ben for short , followed his stepsister back to their group .
tr	O	女孩在小屋门旁的花园里跪了下来，并且她一边开心地哼着歌，一边开始拔草。
tr	I	None so poor as I am ; but they are a few poor men given to thought .
tr	I	Devin takes my carry-on bag and I 'm traveling light .
tr	I	Mike had already seen the text , but Aria was about to cover the screen .
tr	I	I also didn 't feel like fighting , but I didn 't feel like being bossed around by him .
tr	O	他们聊了好几个小时，并且达西不记得自己什么时候有过如此自由的经历，可以畅所欲言。
tr	O	我为此做好了准备，并且当他动了一下，碰到我时，我对他可能正在做的梦感到惊讶。
tr	I	She had barely survived and her parents were killed .
tr	O	他勉强挤出这些话，但是他不得不说出来。
tr	I	The darkness made it hard to see very far ahead , and the water in the tunnels had washed much of his blood away .
tr	O	他从一开始就不喜欢我，并且这种感觉是完全相互的。
tr	O	他已经离开了树林，但是他知道他需要继续跑才能逃脱。
tr	O	他的幽默趋于讽刺，并且他们曾一起拿国王一家取乐，大笑不已。
tr	O	海登一直在给她发出模棱两可的信号，并且她不想逼他。
tr	I	The human in her gave her greater resistance , but her iron cuffs made magic hard to use .
tr	I	I switched to it , looking at her photo and her LinkedIn profile was open in one of the tabs in my browser .
tr	I	I really needed to watch what I say , and she was sensitive these days .
tr	I	I would never admit my real feelings to her , but sure , I could tell Courtney that I 'm crushing on him .
tr	I	We held together , but another blast caught our right flank , jolting us badly .
tr	I	Sucking in air takes all my effort , but I want to curse back at him .
tr	O	她的灵魂似乎被困在树枝中，并且他不得不停下来想办法让她自由。
tr	I	For some reason , they wouldn 't disappear , but she stabbed at the keypad to delete both the photos .
tr	O	现在他仍然在开车前往纳什维尔市中心，但是他眼中的火焰已经熄灭了。
tr	O	他是一个非常勇敢的男人，并且她知道她的母亲会为此感到骄傲。
tr	I	She was grateful he 'd backed off , and Angelica 's knees had started feeling rubbery .
tr	O	总体而言，南方地区存在大量遗留的怨恨，并且它在南卡罗来纳州尤为普遍。
tr	I	She cried out as I nibbled on her now extremely hard nipple and I moved my mouth over to her other breast .
tr	I	I 'm taking calculus and Tam has history this term .
tr	O	他将一个按到我的嘴唇上，并且我接受了它，边嚼边思考着。
tr	O	他知道她意识到他是在开玩笑，因为她的嘴唇因恼怒而噘了起来，并且他当场被她的表情逗笑了。
tr	I	They swirled violently around her , but they didn 't touch her skin .
tr	O	我在挣扎着想抽身时尖叫起来，但是警卫对我的抓握反而更紧了。
tr	O	然后我打开门，并且他正站在那里，手里拿着一朵玫瑰。
tr	I	I placed my own on top of it and her hand was pressed into the seat of the booth .
tr	I	She dips into icy ocean water , and her gills emerge .
tr	I	I really felt like we connected , but maybe it was naive of me .
tr	I	It made him wrinkle his nose , but he couldn 't put his finger on it .
tr	I	She gave him those for his sash , and soon all that remained were her panties .
tr	O	穿过那些跳舞的情侣会更快，但是那只会引起一阵骚动。
tr	I	She couldn 't look away , and his gaze locked with hers .
tr	I	She liked it , but God help her .
tr	O	我告诉道尔这不正常，并且他嘲笑我。
tr	O	我不确定我为什么没有用正常的语调，既然我不在那里，并且她听不到我说话。
tr	O	我买了那双鞋，并且我对自己很着迷。
tr	O	他砍向士兵的侧面，但是他的盔甲保护了他。
tr	O	我筋疲力尽，并且我需要一些睡眠。
tr	I	She was learning to choose her battles , but she would have tried to stop him .
tr	O	这不是我会问阿德里安的问题，但是我没有介意，因为我感觉藏在伊琳娜身后。
tr	I	If I were wearing one , I wouldn 't have felt uncomfortable either , but there was no need for a jacket .
tr	O	她听起来很理智，但是她的眼睛里有些野性的东西。
tr	I	She knew better than to expect to change it at this late hour , and Severance had made up his mind .
tr	I	He never would have noticed and a herd of cattle could have thundered by .
tr	O	她曾想知道由于她的脚踝受伤他们会采用什么姿势，而且现在很明显格雷也对此有所考虑。
tr	I	A flight of metal stairs descends and the plane 's door quickly opens .
tr	O	事实上她昨天就离开了，并且这个地方现在空了。
tr	O	一群职业赌徒已经围在轮盘赌桌旁，而且他们的筹码像秋天的树叶一样堆积起来。
tr	O	他父亲以最糟糕的方式惹恼了他，而且他不知道他是否会原谅他。
tr	I	I hadn 't even known , and I had broken her .
tr	I	I grab onto his bicep , my head flying back for another swirl and his fingers swirl over my cl * t .
tr	O	我不知道你为什么在这里，但是 我没有时间处理这个。
tr	I	Nothing really has clicked , but I 've been on a couple of dates since .
tr	I	Rigel is the name of his foot , and Betelgeuse is on Orion 's left shoulder .
tr	I	I pulled myself up slowly to see if everything was still intact , and I must have fallen at least fifteen feet .
tr	I	A red weal appeared , welling blood , and it struck the demon 's gray hide .
tr	I	It was not her only side , but it was a role she nurtured .
tr	I	He entered hesitantly , and the door slid open .
tr	O	这一击重重地打在他身上，将他从阿切尔身边震开，并且 他瘫倒在地。
tr	I	The question of their future still left her feeling unsettled , but she knew it was the only thing he could say .
tr	I	I am certainly fascinated by him , but I 'm not in the market for a husband .
tr	O	她能想象出房间的样子，但是 在黑暗中一切都显得陌生。
tr	I	He acknowledged with a small nod , and I slid Jeff a quick glance .
tr	O	她还没有醒过来，但是 他能感觉到她的存在。
tr	O	我能从她的眼睛里看到它，并且 这让我内心退缩。
tr	O	我拍了一下他的手臂，并且 他轻声笑了。
tr	O	罗伯特的问题吓了她一跳，并且 她把咖啡洒在了桌子上。
tr	O	饥饿啃噬着米哈伊尔，但是 那也被控制住了。
tr	I	Jake recognised him as Peter White , and the man walked towards the door .
tr	O	倒刺扎进了她的手掌，但是也仅此而已。
tr	O	盖奇的眼皮向上弹起，并且他又盯着我看了。
tr	I	She was too drained to ask , and Carol didn 't know what she 'd done that could be considered unreasonable .
tr	O	它的重量压碎了她的胸膛，而且她无法呼吸。
tr	I	She didn 't want him to go but Abby didn 't feel ready for visitors .
tr	O	几个小时后他醒了，但是无事可做。
tr	I	She fought it away , but the familiar smell of his cologne wafted to her , immersing her in a wave of nostalgia .
tr	O	安赫尔·索莫萨会让她成为一个富有的女人，并且用她的财富她会买到无价之物。
tr	I	She felt his love , but he never said he loved her .
tr	I	I reached out , ever so gently , to brush it back and a little curl had fallen onto his forehead .
tr	I	That didn 't mean she should let down her guard for a minute , but she might be behind secured walls .
tr	O	她从未理解过，但是事情就是这样。
tr	I	Maybe they 're just not hungry , or not many people awake at midnight .
tr	O	我已经参与了与他们所有领导人的谈判，并且他们对人类人口没有威胁。
tr	I	I wished with all of my might and I closed my eyes .
tr	I	If Evelyn hadn 't liked Jamie , that would have made life miserable for both the girls and Elizabeth was destined to marry Robert .
tr	I	For a split second , I thought my heart would burst , and the woman turned her head in reaction to the drunken squeals .
tr	O	白光刺眼得令人痛苦，并且黑暗的卷须像鞭子一样，又像柔软伸展的手臂一样穿过它。
tr	I	It wasn 't as fun as I thought it would be , but he wanted me to come to as many away games as I could .
tr	O	他想呼喊，尖叫求救，但是他知道那会是徒劳的。
tr	O	他们知道我们要来了，并且他们杀光了所有人。
tr	O	警长为我开了一扇后门，并且我溜了进去。
tr	I	I have never known where it was and they move their camp all the time .
tr	I	Alexandra placed her hand in his reassuring grasp , and he held out his palm , smiling reassuringly .
tr	I	Carefully , as if it were something dirty , he picked up a tiny silver key hanging on a metal tag , and he reached slowly upward .
tr	I	He knew it was a name for the devil , but he didn 't know nothing about Mephistopheles .
tr	I	He didn 't respond , but I called after him .
tr	I	Conviction drove her to the altar and her chest tightened during the sermon .
tr	I	His dark green polo pulled slightly to contain his girth and his shoulders were broad .
tr	I	She 'd be powerless to stop him and Raw panic tore through her as she realized he could do anything to her .
tr	O	空气在他们身边骚动起来，并且赛莱斯特和埃里克一起具象化了。
tr	O	他大步走向我，并且我的焦虑再次达到顶峰。
tr	I	The mansion had an empty , deserted feeling and there was no one around .
tr	I	He seated us and she told the host we wanted a table for six .
tr	O	我完全没有准备好结婚，但是特雷弗显然不害怕承诺，他已经结过婚了。
tr	O	我向调酒师示意我准备好要更多水了，并且他站在原地对我轻笑了。
tr	I	When I say sitting I mean swallowing with her ass , and the woman behind the counter was sitting on a stool .
tr	O	它带着绝望的恳求，并且她颤抖了。
tr	O	他们对此轻描淡写，但是他们都知道这可不是闹着玩的。
tr	I	She 'd love this , but Jackie wouldn 't want flowers as an apology .
tr	I	These are desperate times , but they 're usually peaceful .
tr	I	He still had the remnants of a small scab , but after five days , the bruise had faded .
tr	O	水泡很大，裸露出大片生肉，并且他将消毒剂倒在开放性伤口上。
tr	I	It sounded like she was talking in another language but the teacher called on him to answer the question .
tr	I	He didn 't , but most guys would have kissed me .
tr	I	You can 't take the Viking out of the man , but you can take the man out of the Viking era .
tr	I	Doctor Henry Whitman was desperately sorry that she was leaving , and Tess Moran possessed the perfect attitude for dealing with adversity .
tr	I	I see a light on in the church , but arriving at St. Ann 's , I knock on the rectory door , there is no answer .
tr	I	Surely one the Cane could deal with , but the rodents could be a nuisance , of course .
tr	I	He buried his face in her neck and his arms stole around her .
tr	O	我有烟，但是如果我不能点燃它们，我就不能抽它们。
tr	O	阿德里亚开始踱步，并且她每分每秒都变得越来越焦躁不安。
tr	I	He knew it had been nothing like this , but David could scarcely remember what life had been like back in Indianapolis before Janie had died .
tr	O	她穿的小黑裙几乎遮不住她的臀部，并且她穿着一双到膝盖的高筒黑靴。
tr	I	Looking down at her body and floating up to the ceiling !
tr	I	Some of your vitals show a strange glitch but the time register didn 't show a gap .
tr	I	The boy 's eyes bulge in fear , and the archer 's hands are around Jacques 's neck .
tr	O	下周六有一场锦标赛，并且我被安排全天工作。
tr	O	地面震动了，并且一堆堆泥土开始倾泻入洞中。
tr	O	天啊，我太爱他了，但是我再也无法这样下去了。
tr	O	积雪覆盖了街道，并且穿行不易。
tr	I	She realized her mistake and he gripped her arm tight .
tr	I	I was out and it slammed open .
tr	O	特里斯坦点了点头，但是他的手紧紧抓住导师号的两侧。
tr	O	滕奇俯身越过书桌，并且加布里埃尔闻到了她口中的尼古丁味。
tr	I	They 'll be on their way and all I have to do is send one of them a text .
tr	O	除了汤料香料外，他唯一的食物是几把谷粉，但是他还是拿出了一些。
tr	O	她就会那样对爸爸笑，并且爸爸就会给她她想要的一切。
tr	O	她在恳求宽恕，但是她没有必要那样做。
tr	O	泪水在我的眼眶里打转，并且逃跑的冲动再次袭上我的心头。
tr	O	蕾娜先给他打了电话，但是他当时另有要事。
tr	I	They were all he could do , but these small measures would take a great deal of time to repair his reputation .
tr	O	没有人知道她在这里，并且城堡里似乎也没有其他人。
tr	O	这次，他没有小心我的头发，并且我也不在乎。
tr	I	I thought it was time for me to learn what I was missing and she kept eluding to that time .
tr	O	康纳的体格不像健美运动员，但是由于他一生都在农场劳作，他的肌肉长在了所有正确的地方。
tr	I	She was gone and the flames died down .
tr	I	Claire waved at the bartender , calling out a greeting and the bar was decently full when we stepped inside .
tr	O	一切都还不完美，但是我们正在解决问题。
tr	O	再加上那异常丰收的浆果，并且就有充分的理由庆祝了。
tr	O	我们意识到这可能不足以产生蒸汽，但是这是我们所有的一切了。
tr	O	他们弄乱了他的厨房，并且现在他们要付出代价了。
tr	O	他们降落在他豪宅半英里处，并且两辆豪华轿车一直在那里等着送他们过去。
tr	I	Joe held her fast , but Allie tried to wriggle free , to let Kirk in .
tr	I	His efforts revealed nothing , but Toren searched his mind for the work she seemed so concerned about .
tr	O	戈尔迪给女孩们烤了一个小披萨，并且她们津津有味地吃着烤奶酪。
tr	I	I knew without looking that it was the belt , and I felt something resting on the small of my back .
tr	I	My stuff is your stuff and your stuff is my stuff .
tr	O	这就是区别，并且它像一堵混凝土墙一样迎面撞来。
tr	I	I 'd always be partial to my own children , but Adina was a cute little thing .
tr	O	这辆SUV停了下来，并且保罗探出窗外。
tr	I	Mostly , so he wouldn 't lose it , but the hat was in his hand now , to let the wind whip back his shoulder-length hair .
tr	O	他本想喝点水润润喉咙，但是却没有水。
tr	O	他可能会抛弃我，但是值得冒险一试。
tr	I	He waved her over and Peter was among them .
tr	O	电梯停了，并且门开了。
tr	O	他确信它会不时地被刮掉，否则洞穴很久以前就会被堵塞了。
tr	I	His hand closed over her shoulder and he came up behind her in the corridor .
tr	I	She was dangling this decadent body of hers without mercy to my rabid cock , and one whole bloody week .
tr	O	她必须采取一些激烈的行动，或者很快她就会像那个守卫一样死去。
tr	I	It swung open and I yanked on the back door until the lock broke .
tr	I	They seemed right enough , but I wasn 't sure if the words were elegant enough .
tr	O	不寻常的时机让牧师迟疑了一下，但是他还是握住了塞莱斯蒂诺的手。
tr	O	我一生都活在我姐姐的阴影下，而且我想我从未真正停下来思考我是谁。
tr	O	维的眼睛越过我的肩膀定住了，而且她的表情变得阴沉，皱起了眉。
tr	O	我给摩托车加了一点油，并且她又搂住了我的腰。
tr	I	He said as much , and she looked as if she had thoroughly enjoyed walking out of her job .
tr	O	烦躁感涌上心头，并且我的下巴紧绷。
tr	O	这是一种奇怪的自我感觉良好的方式，但是我想我是一个有点奇怪的女孩。
tr	I	I feel no emotion at all at the sight , and Chapter 10 Knox is coming into view before me .
tr	O	我们再次陷入沉默，并且每一秒都仿佛无限延长。
tr	O	痛苦的泪水在她姐姐的眼中闪烁，但是那被一种疯狂的、怒火中烧的眼神所掩盖。
tr	O	阿希什正在看着她的脸，并且他顽皮的本性抓住了一个机会。
tr	I	There was snow on the ground so I needed the coat , and Daryl Harper was there to meet me when the plane landed .
tr	O	她是最糟糕的那种人；完全不可预测，并且她将会在接下来的几天里产仔。
tr	O	他知道她去看过菲利斯医生，但是她没有向他提起过她的来访。
tr	O	昨晚特别残酷，并且我没有重访苦难现场的愿望。
tr	O	每个人花了一些时间来适应，但是他们最终在世界上找到了自己的位置。
tr	O	然后她的母亲在露娜青春期之前就去世了，而且露娜在没有任何支持的情况下经历了她的第一次变身。
tr	I	Feeling that way sent a whole new level of guilt through her , and she could finally do what she wanted to do .
tr	O	太阳已落到地平线以下，并且大海在舞台后面闪耀着乳白色的蓝色光芒。
tr	O	我需要给我老板打电话，并且我一找到电话就会打。
tr	I	She exhibited nothing so base as only a sexual energy , and she was in her early to mid-thirties .
tr	O	你是我的挚友，并且我为此非常尊重你。
tr	I	The fear of being caught stealing the last magical powers of the dying had spurred him on but the act of killing had repulsed him .
tr	I	Esme remembered when the old man had moved in with her , and Thomas Duncan 's daughter had lived in the house .
tr	O	她可能并非血亲，但是你哥哥把她看作自己的女儿。
tr	I	Now I 'm getting nervous and I sent the text over an hour ago .
tr	O	他带着一丝掩饰不住的兴趣打量着我，并且他的目光扫过我缠着绷带的脖子。
tr	O	赫托让开了一边，并且我们走了进去。
tr	I	Even this late , the base was busy , and it was past midnight .
tr	I	I realized as his head came down that he was going to kiss me instead , and he leaned over to whisper something in my ear .
tr	O	我们不能那样做，但是我们可以在合适的时机到来之前控制住他。
tr	O	她右手的小指不见了，并且鲜血正从伤口涌出。
tr	O	我听到丹佛试图移动，但是他无法把自己往前拉。
tr	O	我确信他的眼睛变得呆滞，但是当他再次转身面对我时，它们又恢复了正常。
tr	I	I knew he wasn 't actually serious , but I rolled my eyes , hoping he meant me .
tr	I	He never wanted to spend a second without her and she was more wonderful than the endless blue see could ever be .
tr	I	I , of course , came to her rescue and her bookstore was closed due to the snow .
tr	O	带着持续的偏执听着自行车的动静，我已与我们的环境同步，并且我会在知道将要发生什么之前就采取行动。
tr	I	His fear no longer bothers me so much , and then I see what the boy has dropped .
tr	I	I was already getting a headache , and we 'd been here ten minutes .
tr	I	He feared calling out , but Painter lifted an arm , acknowledging that he was fine .
tr	O	我听到一声低沉的闷响，并且我跳了起来，仍在阴影中搜寻着什么，什么人。
tr	I	Then James told her about the bathroom incident , and on the way home they had a good laugh about what had happened over the sleeping arrangements .
tr	O	天色已晚，并且他很累。
tr	O	你在这里有很多金子可以挖掘，亲爱的，并且我认为你才刚刚开始。
tr	O	我不慌不忙，希望热水能冲走我的疑虑，但是无济于事。
tr	I	There were many ferries one could take , and there was one train station .
tr	I	At the same time the reflection began to change and the dome grew .
tr	I	Then held the gun in a two-handed grip , and he glanced out the windows to make certain that nobody was watching .
tr	I	She had other problems to solve , but nothing was OK right now .
tr	I	A new determination seemed to take hold of him , and when he finished , some rigidity had returned to his body .
tr	O	我们恶魔背负骂名，但是我们只是打开了那扇门。
tr	O	维克严肃地点了点头，并且我用手遮住了我的笑容。
tr	I	He gave Eric a conceding nod , but Graham 's wolf gray eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Lying so close to him she could feel his body stiffen , but his expression never altered .
tr	O	诺埃尔背叛了他，并且她将因此受到惩罚。
tr	I	I was utterly alone , and the thrill of the chase was absent .
tr	I	His eyes are glued to the front , but I try to make contact with Logan .
tr	I	I think you should be dressed right now , but I apologize .
tr	I	It made me think better of Nicky 's wisdom score , and I appreciated the caution .
tr	O	我喊了一声，并且奥森停了下来。
tr	I	I want to help you , too , and I understand you want to help me .
tr	I	He is much older , but Khan is three grades above me .
tr	I	You ain 't seen nothing yet , but you think these hamsters are bad .
tr	I	Her eyes were wide with horror and both of her hands were clamped over her mouth .
tr	O	我确实做了一个梦，并且我做了很多次。
tr	O	他的眉头沉了下来，并且当他眯起眼睛打量我时，眼角出现了细小的皱纹。
tr	I	I was sorry as soon as I said it , and it was a low blow , meant to hurt her .
tr	O	她全身开始颤抖，并且肖恩的双臂环住了她。
tr	I	It didn 't look anything like what the other passengers were eating but Dillon was not sure just what was in the package .
tr	I	My gloves were too cumbersome , but then I tried to undo his jacket .
tr	O	有各种各样的事情我认为我应该问，但是我不想听起来像个傻瓜。
tr	O	她的心跳得厉害，让她呼吸困难，但是她不能让她的紧张阻止她。
tr	I	His hand moved down between my legs , fingers going over my clit and my eyes widened .
tr	I	He 'd wept in Thimble 's arms , and they had gotten closer since Deuce had been sent away .
tr	O	小屋映入眼帘，并且它比他记忆中更大。
tr	I	He might be right and it was too high .
tr	O	我不爱他，并且他不爱我。
tr	I	I realized that this was exactly what I needed and with each stride my thoughts became clearer .
tr	O	一旦她穿好衣服，詹姆斯就迅速穿上了一些衣服，然后他们一起走下了厨房。
tr	I	The man grew still , his eyes rolling in his head and she mounted him .
tr	I	You will need the light , but the glow will be visible .
tr	I	He was satisfied that it was only one person , but he could not see who was on the porch .
tr	O	他们面对面站着，并且我担心他们会再打起来。
tr	I	He just felt different but Rico couldn 't quite say what .
tr	I	Then everyone received a crash course on how to use them , and Captain Walker handed out the last of the weapons to the would-be soldiers .
tr	O	我们坐在他房间里的小桌子旁吃早餐，但是我没有胃口。
tr	O	沙恩伸出一个拳头，并且伊芙敲了敲它。
tr	O	凯文想提出离开诊所的话题，但是他认为妮基无法应付争吵。
tr	I	For a moment , Serena can pretend she is in a dream and Gray creeps into the edges of her vision .
tr	O	为整个城镇切割树木并劈柴。
tr	I	Astrid couldn 't figure it out , but there was some meaning to it , surely .
tr	I	I sell to those that need the item and I buy from people who need the money .
tr	I	Nicolae was certain Pater was behind it , and this had been a carefully prepared battle .
tr	I	That 's why we keep to our agreement , but my mother thinks I 'll do something foolish like fall for you .
tr	O	我想哭，但是我不会让他看到我的眼泪而感到满意。
tr	I	I could actually feel my face paling , and my heart seemed to stutter in my chest .
tr	O	玛丽已经在那里工作了将近八年，并且她错误地认为克里斯是她的老板。
tr	I	I am very glad to say that I have accepted , and I have been offered the position of training instructor .
tr	I	James fell back into the refrigerator , closing the door in the process and his father disappeared around the corner .
tr	O	他的下巴抽动了一下，但是他什么也没说，只是盯着前方驶来的骑手们。
tr	O	我想他们期望我带路，但是如果他们以为我打算让他们落在我后面，那他们就疯了。
tr	O	海盗继续作案让马库斯很恼火，她对此毫不怀疑，但是他强迫自己等待。
tr	O	我工作过的市场就在那里，并且我们在雪中发现了足迹。
tr	I	She instinctively threw herself to the ground and the sound of a gun exploding pierced her ears .
tr	I	I talk to my brother , Adam , almost every single day , but I don 't visit very often .
tr	I	It was impossible , but for her sake , he wished he could give her the freedom she so desired .
tr	I	Almost from the beginning of my imprisonment I have known of you , but I know little of my past .
tr	I	I buried my head in my hands and Came the echo .
tr	O	她的眼睛深陷，如同黑洞，并且当她张开嘴巴时，锋利的牙齿填满了口腔。
tr	O	结果是，厨房里闻起来更糟糕，但是至少它是空的。
tr	O	他没有什么需要向亨特隐瞒的，但是那个窃听器让他感到不安。
tr	O	我在面试中注意到了他，并且他穿着同样的搭配。
tr	I	What mattered was the key used , but they were all encrypted .
tr	I	I keep brushing regardless , but there 's some part of my brain reminding me that Noah can 't see me .
tr	O	也许只是我这样想，但是那个“请”听起来有点威胁。
tr	O	她挣扎着，仿佛想挣脱，但是安格斯紧紧抱住她。
tr	O	这里的墙壁更粗糙，并且有成堆尚未移走的石块瓦砾。
tr	I	He 'd die before he lost another , and he 'd lost one woman he loved .
tr	I	He offered her his hand , and she answered him with a big smile .
tr	O	这一切都有充分的理由，露丝明白这一点，但是这让她很难过。
tr	I	Then she did something new , and she rubbed Mab 's skin with oils .
tr	O	那些准英雄们鞠躬，并且国王在开始讲话时目光简短地扫过他们每个人的眼睛。
tr	I	He had been pouring drinks for Madison faster than she could drink them , but Jackson might not have known Madison was under twenty-one .
tr	I	She 'd been staring down at her thin hands , and she was perched on the edge of the couch .
tr	I	Liu Hang burst in with the smell of blood and the doors flew open .
tr	I	Celeste seemed to like him , and he was definitely a sailor .
tr	O	只要看一眼他的真面目，并且他们就会尖叫着逃跑。
tr	I	I could feel her damp cheeks against mine , and I reluctantly pulled away , just enough that our foreheads still touched .
tr	O	我心虚地跳了起来，但是当然西莉亚并不在我身后俯身在椅子上。
tr	O	没有枪声，并且靴子声越来越近。
tr	O	通常我本已准备好膜拜他，但是是他左边的那个美男子让我着迷不已。
tr	I	He dispatched it with a quick thrust of his spear and the spider seemed to take no note of his approach .
tr	O	詹妮身下的腿动了，并且她看到奥黛丽爬走了。
tr	O	她告诉我她想要我回来，但是我不想要她。
tr	O	他有一头棕色卷短发，并且他看起来足够无害。
tr	I	I nodded , and said James .
tr	I	Jaime only threw him off , slowly lowering himself to the raised comforter and Will backed away , aiming to pull Jaime with him .
tr	O	他在轻柔的触碰下抽搐了，并且她带着纯粹的女性力量笑了。
tr	I	She needed supervised and her father was shipping out .
tr	I	A bit of sweat trickles down my back , and the sun is directly overhead .
tr	I	When we ran the numbers , we discovered she was right , and she realized there might be a problem with Avery 's formula .
tr	O	我不知道我们父亲为何如此恨他，但是他想杀死埃利奥特。
tr	I	They bowed their heads , and Mike put his arms around Kelly .
tr	I	I didn 't need to rub that in , but Vinnie was probably recording everything for me on his built-in computer .
tr	O	一个简短的说明，说我哥哥一直在努力工作，并且一场事故杀死了他。
tr	I	Then she stood , but she hesitated .
tr	I	Lining the street and there were a lot of cars in the parking lot .
tr	I	She was his future and they were the past .
tr	I	Now he isn 't , and he was a threat .
tr	O	我读完了我所有的书，并且我从不重读。
tr	I	Ones that did were quickly deserted by their human clientele , and not many places treated Shifters .
tr	I	That iron grip wasn 't letting go , and suddenly she had Rebecca 's hand again .
tr	I	I wondered if I could really do that to my own daughter , and the idea turned my stomach .
tr	O	玛丽亚很快就把他当作自己的宠物，并且尽管他认为这种想法是物化的，她还是确保他很舒服。
tr	O	我后退了一步，并且他看起来若有所思。
tr	O	门开了，并且迪恩走了进来。
tr	O	安东施加了压力，并且他最终妥协了。
tr	O	风很刺骨，并且天空是一望无际的、灰蒙蒙的云。
tr	I	He bent to taste her , and his fingers curled around hers .
tr	I	Their boat was standing by and the vehicles were already unloading .
tr	O	他们很快从机场驶离，并且她透过那辆大车的染色玻璃窗，尽可能地欣赏着这座喧嚣的城市。
tr	O	这有点逊，但是它管用了。
tr	O	他们自那次争吵后就几乎没说过话，并且当莱瓦娜试图亲吻他时，他尽可能温柔地拒绝了她。
tr	I	She screams just to scream and healthy vitality courses through her .
tr	O	它开始得很疯狂，并且现在它只是“正常”地进行着。
tr	I	Emotionally I began to shut down and an overwhelming sense of guilt flooded my body .
tr	O	我们互相凝视了一会儿，并且我发现自己对他软化了。
tr	I	I went on the previous night and I brought her up to speed on the awkward date Trevor .
tr	O	在他们旁边，阿尔伯特突然抱住了贝瑟尼，并且她开始不停地亲吻他的脸，一边亲一边笑。
tr	O	疲惫使老人的脸变得苍白，并且他重重地靠在伊夫的胳膊上。
tr	I	Johnny had backed out the motel 's room to Dane 's clear relief but they 'd both looked at one another .
tr	O	她渴望考验自己，并且她完美地完成了跳跃。
tr	I	There might be some clue as to where they 've gone , but I do not expect to find the photographs there .
tr	I	The guards yelled for entry and Pounding came to the door .
tr	I	Just before she did , the vehicle stopped abruptly , but Angelica lifted her hand to pound on the roof of the carriage .
tr	O	它感觉很安全，突然间也是，并且它让我感觉好多了。
tr	I	They took me in and I met the rebels .
tr	I	It was obvious that neither had they and I hadn 't understood a single word .
tr	I	He undoubtedly did too and I needed a bath .
tr	I	Her parents were too busy trying to leave but Miranda tried to be heard .
tr	O	我可能对如何管理一个城镇了解不多，但是我明白现在是需要谨慎言辞的时候。
tr	I	She knew , knew without doubt , that they were coming here to look for her and a sudden shiver ran down her spine .
tr	O	年轻人的脸因汗水而发亮，并且他的手无意识地紧握着外套的布料。
tr	O	她的脚在鞋里滑了一下，并且她的脚踝扭向了一边。
tr	I	My insides would catch fire , but my skin would feel icy .
tr	I	He couldn 't write it in Japanese , but he could ask their name .
tr	I	Then , you have to step ahead to be into the zero but love leads you to the door , the entry point of zero .
tr	I	A few were willing to chat , but most answered me with poor grace because I stood in the way of paying customers .
tr	O	她的手颤抖着，并且她的胃抽筋了。
tr	O	她需要一个人，并且她选择了我。
tr	O	一名俄罗斯军官前来与波兰中尉会合，并且他们两人翻阅着文件。
tr	O	他能感觉到别人的目光在他背后，并且这让他更加紧张。
tr	I	I can 't see the real problem but I feel the same .
tr	I	He doesn 't move but I call to him to come with us .
tr	O	我知道我也需要把自己收拾干净，但是我却找不到力气下床。
tr	O	她已经很滑了，并且她的手指滑过她的性器官。
tr	O	片刻之后他的眼睛睁大了，并且他猛地将目光转回她身上。
tr	I	The seats were damned uncomfortable , and the tables were close together .
tr	O	他说的任何话都让那两人笑了，并且他顽皮地戳了戳他们俩。
tr	I	He knew better , but it was the answer he 'd expected from her .
tr	O	他穿着一件皮夹克，并且我能透过柔软的材料感受到他健美的身体。
tr	O	他们已经打完了台球，但是她不知道谁赢了。
tr	O	她将不得不那样做，并且我会大笑——从地狱里。
tr	I	She refused to leave me but I told her that it wasn 't safe to be around me with someone gunning for me .
tr	O	突然一道黑暗的裂缝打开了，并且有可怕的东西从中穿过。
tr	I	Her entire body throbbed , and Cassidy 's mouth was still hot from Diego 's kisses .
tr	I	Several sailors looked at her and she was very beautiful .
tr	O	妈妈戒酒情况良好，并且莎拉仍然和比尔住在一起。
tr	O	她看他的眼神让他觉得自己很渺小，并且他几乎为此而恨她。
tr	O	摄影师的叫喊声打断了伊洛娜的思绪，并且她感到自己被拉向那辆等候的车。
tr	I	Norman sensed it had another purpose now , but the squid still blinked its glowing body in reply .
tr	I	My heart started beating and he turned away from me .
tr	I	She desperately wanted this client 's business , and because then she wouldn 't have come .
tr	I	Maybe I 'd learn to cook , or we would have a bigger microwave there .
tr	O	我能感觉到血液在我的血管里狂涌，并且我的脸正在发烫。
tr	O	她从来不够快，但是这是一场势均力敌的比赛。
tr	I	I ignored them , pulling Sarah 's hair back as she wretched , but there was a commotion in the cafeteria , as everyone turned to look .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do about it and the whole place was burning .
tr	O	她总是让他负责，从不掌控，并且他发现自己并没有像预期的那样介意。
tr	O	到目前为止她都避开了邓肯，但是她知道那不会持久。
tr	I	I had been surprised at his level of fitness , but Amory also breathed heavily .
tr	O	有人一直在给我打电话，不过，并且那个人不是大天使迈克尔。
tr	O	她看着罗布，并且他看着她。
tr	O	她感到他抗拒释放，但是她不想让他停下来。
tr	I	The look in them might seem guileless if I didn 't know better , and his eyes are wide .
tr	I	He was somewhat glad she didn 't also possess these talents and it was one of the benefits of being what he was .
tr	O	如果可能的话，我注意到塔尔博特变得更加恼火，并且塞拉菲娜把椅子挪得离基兰更近了。
tr	O	他的心跳加速，并且他感到有点不适。
tr	O	他一直在看着我，并且我们俩都没有看到第二枚火箭。
tr	O	我穿着一件白色长袖衬衫，绿色裤子，并且我没穿鞋。
tr	O	她可能穿着连衣裙，但是手指掠过肚脐下方区域的动作，即使隔着衣服也能产生强大的冲击力。
tr	O	我认为我们可以把它提供给游客，但是我希望听听你对我一些想法的意见。
tr	I	I can get back to roofing and I can 't wait until you all get over this knee thing .
tr	I	Bilbo started on his long road home , and then the elves turned towards the Forest .
tr	O	迈尔斯终于知道了，但是那点安慰微不足道。
tr	O	在她迈出第一步之前，一个念头击中了她，并且她转向他的眼神充满恳求。
tr	I	She wasn 't ready to forgive , but she might have helped him .
tr	O	辛恩照做了，并且那只狗像小猫一样发出满足的咕噜声。
tr	O	叫了芭芭拉，并且梦想家转过身。
tr	I	Something kept her in Sacramento , but she thought about going to her own house .
tr	O	她离工作地点有三十分钟路程，并且我离学校只有一小段距离。
tr	I	After a moment Lacey pulls back to stare at him before she nods slowly , and he leans in to whisper in her ear .
tr	I	He needed to know it and the truth was the complete opposite .
tr	I	Pretend nothing had happened and they could go on .
tr	O	我环顾四周，想着他会在哪里，并且我的目光落在了炉子上方时钟上。
tr	O	也许她没有做出最好的决定，但是总的来说她对自己的选择很满意。
tr	O	老师清了清嗓子，并且我把手抽了回来。
tr	I	It was just a matter of time , but we hadn 't gotten around to making it official yet .
tr	I	He smiled as he noted the flush in her cheeks and she sucked in a breath .
tr	I	I 'm also sort of intimidated by her , but it 's not that I 'm afraid of her , well maybe just a little .
tr	I	Small beads of sweat stood out on his brow and his pulse was too fast .
tr	I	When they 'd finished , they held each other , and they made love gently , slowly .
tr	I	Yet no one has come looking for them and by now the forest fire must be clear to everyone .
tr	I	That was a bad sign and it meant he was fighting her for the sake of fighting .
tr	O	什么都没说，但是两个家庭都期望这对情侣会在某个时候宣布订婚。
tr	I	Now she appreciated that trait in him , but she remembered how she 'd once derided the ease with which he deviated from established mores .
tr	O	我的头撞到了泥土上，并且眼前冒金星。
tr	I	It couldn 't last , but we 'd bought ourselves a temporary quiet spot .
tr	I	The three of them stood stock still for several moments before deciding that the coast was clear and the store seemed empty .
tr	I	Freezing , the fear of vomit causing paralysis and Irony chuckled beneath her hands before stopping abruptly .
tr	I	No one should suffer like that , but I don 't like them .
tr	O	任何其他女人一开始都会是朋友，帮我一个忙，但是之后她就会开始偷偷地抱有希望，暗示。
tr	O	莉莉丝猛地一扭，就在木桩刺入皮肤发出熟悉的轻微爆裂声时，并且维多利亚感到有力的手在拉扯她。
tr	I	I want to kiss it , and his pulse shows on his neck , right under the sharp curve of his tight jaw .
tr	O	她把我引向门口，并且我感到一阵恐慌。
tr	O	又如此响亮地响起，而且接着它就会被美国人——向澳大利亚人——投掷过去。
tr	O	我又擦了擦它们，而且我的视线清晰了一些。
tr	O	我的孙子是个傻瓜，但是我利用了他。
tr	I	She felt as if she were holding a miracle , but it was an ordinary battery-operated fluorescent camping lantern .
tr	I	The room soon came into view , but her watery gaze was hazy at first .
tr	O	这些德国士兵也被告知了同样的事情，并且不难意识到自己的生存必须放在首位。
tr	O	我知道他们会争辩说我们栽赃了那些文章，但是总有一天所有人类都会相信我们。
tr	O	他们沿着一条鹅卵石小径走着，而且很快他们就置身于一个树篱迷宫中，被外界视线所遮蔽。
tr	I	The DJ announced that a few speeches were about to be made and the music came to a halt .
tr	O	我听着女孩们入座，并且我颤抖着站在那里，能感觉到皮肤在发烫。
tr	I	In a few minutes she could think again , and each tear carried away a little of the grief .
tr	I	It would be over in moments and Hell , if he climbed into that spa beside her , he 'd touch her .
tr	I	He nodded , but Neil wasn 't going to tell that psychiatrist a thing .
tr	O	这可能是无用的信息，或者这能帮助她日后保护自己，如果她再次被迫陷入那种境地。
tr	O	它们没有完全消失，但是它们不再使人虚弱。
tr	I	That didn 't stop her from checking out the rest of the male population but she loved Wyatt .
tr	O	今天下午晚些时候可能会相当暖和，但是我想到今天早上应该会很好。
tr	I	The conversation would be even harder to hear , and Yelling would only encourage more yelling .
tr	O	萨凡纳将刀径直扔向哈克，并且就在刀到达他身边时，他闪烁消失了。
tr	O	杰森荒谬地用手喂她，并且她心不在焉地接受了另一片吐司。
tr	O	我被困在这里拿着一块抹布，并且我得去洗手间。
tr	I	The tension in the room eased so much then , and he laughed , throwing his head back a bit .
tr	I	Hawk had predicted that they would , and that wouldn 't be near enough if the Mexican Army came back .
tr	I	He tugged at her jogging pants and a low groan rumbled deep in his chest .
tr	I	The weeds were all gone and New grass had been sown .
tr	I	There wasn 't anything there , but my eyes scanned the area .
tr	I	I catch his gaze drifting downward to my exposed leg and his voice is off pitch .
tr	O	它们几乎看起来像闪烁的星星，但是我现在几乎没有注意到它们。
tr	O	医疗护理可能是家园章程所保障的一项条款，但是这种护理的质量完全取决于医生。
tr	O	他想思考他刚刚经历的一切，但是他突然发现自己很难睁开眼睛。
tr	O	你本该找到它，但是你甚至从未搜索过，因为我猜你从未真正认为她做了这件事。
tr	I	We both know it , and he was a coward .
tr	O	他们看到了他的力量，并且他们不喜欢女孩们对他的关注。
tr	I	I knew it would only be a matter of time before the heavens opened up , and clouds were rol ing in toward the river down below .
tr	I	It definitely hadn 't ended well , but it hadn 't started particularly well either .
tr	I	I leave the question for another time -- but seriously , they can 't eat only people .
tr	I	He held strong , pinning me back , taking his time , but I tried leaning into him .
tr	I	Her eyes flew open to see his face was filled with the same thing and it was filled with tenderness .
tr	I	The chill running down her spine prevented her from talking , but Kylie almost asked what was wrong .
tr	I	Ren sensed the start of a new passion and he had a keen light in his eye .
tr	I	She exhaled in relief and the halls were clear .
tr	I	The light cavalry followed and a second trumpet sounded .
tr	O	一股温和湿润的春风从海面吹来，并且保罗深吸了一口气，仿佛想将其吸入体内。
tr	I	Ethan didn 't seem to care , but Bart didn 't respond .
tr	O	如果他是个女人，那会很诱人，但是他不是。
tr	O	他努力工作以实现他想要的生活，但是他不能接受厄尼不渴望同样的事物。
tr	I	She had to admit she still didn 't know her very well , but she longed to tell Jess what had really been going on .
tr	I	They entwined their fingers and he took her hand .
tr	I	Luckily , he kept his mouth shut , but James looked over every once in a while .
tr	O	我的声音很平静，但是我的腋下却湿漉漉的。
tr	I	It formed a perfect little square and it was much lighter in shade than everywhere else .
tr	I	Mr. Carter scarcely glanced at it , but I held out the sketch pad .
tr	O	阳光刺得我眯起了眼睛，并且我抬起一只手臂遮住脸。
tr	O	他们对她很失望，并且他们表现了出来。
tr	I	He already knows how to do all of the jobs we do on the ranch , and he is a very hard worker .
tr	O	他们杀了她，并且现在他将不得不杀了他们。
tr	O	我知道这些事情让你不舒服，但是当我们说我们想要孩子时，我们做出了承诺。
tr	O	他脸上的肿胀消退了一些，但是他身上的许多伤口仍在流血。
tr	O	任何一秒她都可能回来，并且我不想让她在她的宝藏洞穴里发现我。
tr	I	She 's almost ready for that next step , and it 's been a year since Sydney passed on .
tr	O	凯莉看到他向前扑去，但是天空中又掉下来两个人，每人抓住德里克的一只手臂。
tr	O	他代表着我所逃离的一切，然而他与众不同。
tr	I	She didn 't want to be rude , but she didn 't owe him an explanation .
tr	I	It became common to resort to them , so that even the hospitals started to equip themselves with an emergency unit and the costs decreased fast .
tr	I	I sank to the ground and when I got to the entrance of the biggest cave , my legs gave out .
tr	O	现在是夜晚，并且那个地方已经关门了。
tr	O	他们如此筋疲力尽是我的错，而且他们还在谈论今天出门。
tr	O	最后几句足以穿透他的迷雾，但是他不敢相信自己听得没错。
tr	O	我握了托马斯的手，并且马克给了我一个拥抱。
tr	O	你将与凡人建立联系，而且你的寿命将远超他们。
tr	I	I don 't know why and I can 't face him .
tr	I	Maybe she was trying to protect her adopted brother from that same publicity or maybe she doesn 't want the publicity .
tr	I	I can 't make myself reply , but my book is calling to me .
tr	O	曼迪才二十多岁，但是当她的眼睛与我的目光相遇时，她看起来像个老巫婆。
tr	O	可以拒绝支付他们的帮助费，但是坏事往往会发生在那样做的人身上。
tr	O	斯特罗姆试图跟着她，但是她把一只手放在他的胸口。
tr	I	I was tense all over , but I smiled at her .
tr	I	He knew exactly where she 'd be , and now he could smell Holly 's scent .
tr	I	Her hair was a wild tumble around her head , spread out against the grass , and the midway lights twinkled in her pixie green eyes .
tr	O	他迫不及待地想取得进展，而且我答应会让他随时了解情况。
tr	I	The loss of such potential to the Crown was regrettable , and she could have been a tremendous asset to the Realm , handled properly .
tr	O	迈克的眼睛被太阳镜遮住了，但是我能想象出那份善良。
tr	I	It was something about being rammed by a dinosaur , but shit , I forget .
tr	I	Those words made him feel good but she couldn 't have known it .
tr	O	他真的不希望他们的工作记录被闲置，而且他的热情也暂时消退了。
tr	O	国家情报局告诉我怀亚特正从波士顿乘坐民航航班，但是天气正在耽误他。
tr	O	我的双手在我身边乱抓，疯狂地想抓住什么——任何东西——但是只有水。
tr	O	我的手机突然开始震动，而且我的屏幕亮起，显示出Alexa的名字。
tr	O	副驾驶座的车门打开，而且一个男人走了出来。
tr	O	我盯着他，而且我的手变得冰凉。
tr	I	She felt nearly human , and a little cream on her face , some gel under her eyes .
tr	O	她的嘴唇紧抿着，并且她发出一声低吼。
tr	O	我的目标点头致谢，并且巨人离开了房间，在他身后关上了门。
tr	O	他猛踩刹车，并且车子滑行着停了下来。
tr	I	He wasn 't foolish enough to approach the skittish vampire , but Styx lowered his sword .
tr	I	Then his eyes were all for Echo , but the fae glared at Cage for a fraction of a second .
tr	I	I can 't just leave and I can 't just sit here .
tr	I	She watched as the faint shadow shifted , and a glimmer of movement caught her eye .
tr	I	He was still only a stranger , but my earlier assumptions had been rash .
tr	I	I move out of the way at the last second and she swings her sword forward .
tr	I	He chuckled , and I slapped his hand away .
tr	I	It was Jacques , brother to the Prince , who supplied it to Corinne , and he knew Gregori commanded that more blood be given .
tr	I	Now she stood there , emotionless , and she had been so irrational in her demands to see the body .
tr	I	I couldn 't even find Locke to ask , and Edgar just smiled .
tr	O	怒火点燃了他的血液，并且突然间强壮的守卫们几乎无法控制他。
tr	O	我们的竞争对手紧追不舍，并且我们需要制造轰动来吸引人们下周收看。
tr	I	Yet he was thinking about her and there was so much to think about .
tr	O	我在想天窗，以及你说过恶魔无法忍受阳光直射的事情。
tr	I	He could tell it grew closer , but it was such an infinitesimal movement .
tr	I	I saw tears pool in her eyes and she put a hand over her mouth .
tr	I	He had to take the chance , but he hoped the noise in the confined space didn 't knock Jason out .
tr	O	他知道我没有和哈迪斯在一起，不是那种关系，并且我一直让自己相信他在等我。
tr	I	It seems I hadn 't wanted to leave it , and I came from that body .
tr	I	I prayed that I could get through my speech without breaking down and turning around , my eyes caught hers .
tr	O	一声回应的咆哮从船舱深处传来，并且随后瓦格穿过货舱门走上楼梯。
tr	O	想到当天发生的事情让她无法入睡，并且她想知道在花园里散散步是否能帮助她入睡。
tr	I	My mind bit back the words , but my heart wanted to say it .
tr	O	他们身后一排的人叫我坐下，并且我瞪了他一眼。
tr	I	Then he wouldn 't need a grave , and if he ran , they would find him anyway .
tr	I	He in turn also entered the wheelhouse , and Darren ran along the boat , shipping the fenders .
tr	I	His muscles were knotted with pain and Sweat beaded up on his skin .
tr	I	It was no good , but I tried to work .
tr	O	我们一直在玩电子产品，但是我们无法接触到他的线人。
tr	I	It couldn 't attack 13 without certain retaliation , but the Capitol had another nuclear arsenal out west .
tr	O	我希望能说“是”，但是他击中了我的弱点。
tr	O	老虎客栈里那些自我介绍的女孩让我意识到康纳大概可以随意挑选女人，但是这并没有真正困扰我。
tr	I	He didn 't have it , but Grayson wanted it , badly .
tr	I	She 's going to be convicted , and Ashley Patterson 's going to be tried for first-degree murder .
tr	O	她非常想说出他的名字，但是她不想把他吓跑。
tr	I	It didn 't happen , but he waited , hoping the camera would scan the scoreboard .
tr	I	He keeps his eyes locked on mine and his expression doesn 't change .
tr	I	It wasn 't the clean finish often recorded in books , but it would 've led to survival , sure .
tr	I	Finally , Logan 's oldest brother , Paul , answers , and it rings .
tr	O	我本以为怒气会浮现在他俊朗的面容上，但是我非常惊讶地发现悲伤破坏了他的俊美。
tr	I	I swam over to him slowly , and he was only a few feet away .
tr	O	幸好它不是很远，并且她松了一口气。
tr	I	Cosmo always looks after our animals , but the local vets are excellent of course .
tr	I	Our next shift took us to the Rowan Land , and that stint was brief .
tr	I	I laugh and Mason groans .
tr	I	I slid into the car , and he held the door open .
tr	I	I can 't go down the path he 's chosen , but I care about him .
tr	O	幽灵转向黑板，并且细细的白色笔触形成了字母。
tr	O	我能感觉到派对上所有人的目光都集中在我身上，并且我想知道他们是否都听到了麦迪尖叫我的名字。
tr	I	It tipped and she strained .
tr	O	我们的脸现在只有几英寸远，并且我能感觉到他温暖的呼吸拂过我的嘴唇。
tr	I	She returned the embrace and Tension began to leave her .
tr	O	一位年轻母亲的汗湿的脸在墙上闪过，并且房间里至少有两个人勉强笑出了声。
tr	I	It sure the hell was scary , but now , that wasn 't strange .
tr	I	I would see her if I looked back , and I passed several because they were too close .
tr	O	作为鬼魂，他被束缚在种植园，但是控制了埃德加，他就能随意游荡。
tr	I	I apologize , and I completely misread the situation .
tr	O	他们下马比射出的箭还快，并且只有两名士兵倒下。
tr	O	我眨了眨眼，切换到红外模式，并且他身体的黑暗热量跃入焦点。
tr	I	We moved together suggestively with the music and he pulled me back into his hip .
tr	I	She would see this through , and she had a plan .
tr	O	自从“流浪者号”沉没以来他就一直需要它们，但是他似乎只得到了更多的问题。
tr	I	Land my lips over hers , and I peck over her skin all the way back to her perfect mouth , heavy as snow .
tr	O	他曾渴望那些日子，但是自从毕业后，他再也没有像他喜欢的那样经常回去过。
tr	O	他相当确定麦克在开玩笑，但是另一片乌云掠过他的思绪。
tr	O	他们是克雷多斯上仅存的两个人，并且这是一种幸福。
tr	I	Reece returned her attention to the book in her lap , and the men went their separate ways .
tr	O	莎拉问了，并且我耸了耸肩。
tr	I	I was nearly knocked off balance and my hair flew into my face .
tr	O	我祈祷卡西乌斯会利用它溜走，但是他从不做任何简单的事情。
tr	I	I doubted the other had used a razor since he sprouted his first chin hair , but one of them might have shaved last month .
tr	I	I gorged myself on the other and Lysander took one for his kill .
tr	O	我对她扬了扬眉毛，并且她又咯咯地笑了。
tr	O	圣诞老人像一个吸毒成瘾的精神分裂症患者一样凝视着女孩，并且尽管他看起来足够温顺，但仍然令人恐惧。
tr	I	She insists , so I tiptoe to the rabbit cage instead , but go away Maya , I think .
tr	I	I clenched it in my fist and she let me take it out .
tr	I	We 've taken an unfair bit of criticism for it and it was not a decision made lightly on our part .
tr	I	I wanted to fulfill that need , and he stared down at me with pure need in his eyes .
tr	O	我着陆得很奇怪，并且这里的前部全都搞砸了。
tr	I	We hadn 't even gone past kissing and I 'd never felt more consumed .
tr	O	他以为韦恩会在他们后面的展位里，但是他还没到。
tr	O	指挥中心命令几架美国直升机提供协助，并且它们在几英里外升空。
tr	O	护士仍在尖叫着让他们停下，但是她不敢干预。
tr	I	He didn 't need to know that , but A lie .
tr	O	空气中充满了水，他认为没有氧气的空间了，并且呼吸起来几乎会痛。
tr	I	He returned to hunt the next day , and twenty stitches in his face , bandages on his barrel burns .
tr	O	主街有着同样的诺曼·洛克威尔式的氛围，并且在这里这种感觉如此强烈，几乎是一种似曾相识的感觉。
tr	O	显然康纳意识到他正在保护乔纳斯免受隐形入侵者的侵害，但是他不明白他们总能从他身边溜走。
tr	I	Allie ignored him as she dismounted , but Mikey grunted his disapproval .
tr	I	I keep my eyes closed , but the Superior lowers my hands .
tr	I	He went very still and much to Billie 's surprise , all the humor left Royce 's face .
tr	O	斯蒂芬妮是我的朋友，并且她真的很喜欢他。
tr	O	雪莉的影子穿过了公羊的路径，并且它的角向下低垂。
tr	O	碧亚想否认他的话，但是其真相沉甸甸地压在他们之间。
tr	O	我也感受到了那种自鸣得意的满足感，但是仅此而已。
tr	I	All I could see was infinity in those eyes , but he was trying to tell me something .
tr	O	他的手滑到我的臀部，把我拉得更近，并且我没有挣扎。
tr	I	I didn 't know the exact word , but I knew there was some psychological term for this .
tr	O	他也被手铐吊着，并且他血肉模糊。
tr	O	从来没有人见过她，但是他们能感受到她。
tr	I	The soldiers had taken their shot and the fog had lifted enough now for a clear line of fire .
tr	O	努力不让自己恐慌，我扫视了房间，希望另一个座位能奇迹般地出现，但是教室已经满了。
tr	I	A needle pivoting above a map , and it had the same ring dial with the engraved numbers on the surface .
tr	O	凯西的自制力崩溃了，并且她尖叫着说出这些话。
tr	I	I shot him a look , and he grinned .
tr	I	I 'm definitely going to do it , but this may be tricky .
tr	I	Now she was too weak for this , but if she wouldn 't be wounded , she would speak with him .
tr	O	通常情况下是后者，但是游戏规则很简单。
tr	I	I treasure that letter like nothing I ever owned ... but he has a personal mission right now .
tr	I	All other wolves will swear loyalty to him tonight , and whoever lives will be leader .
tr	I	She drives us across the property to a quaint little building next to what looks like a factory and we hop into a little golf cart .
tr	I	His bare feet hit the carpet , and he swung his legs out of the bed .
tr	O	她显然不打算告诉我，并且很明显她并非独自一人。
tr	I	She did this for a while and Sonia stared at the door .
tr	I	I would have been damned if I would ever let it show , but fear enveloped my entire being .
tr	O	我想因此憎恨卡勒姆，但是我的大脑立刻只对我尖叫。
tr	O	他对此负有责任，并且有几个人也瞥了他一眼。
tr	I	His paws wouldn 't obey him , and Maurice tried to .
tr	O	年轻领航员的脸因尴尬而涨红，但是昏暗的光线下没有人能看到这一点。
tr	O	这里的威尔给我发了一张他画廊的照片，并且我清楚地看到了那条龙，他说这条龙目前正在展出。
tr	I	She 'd been terrified , but she 'd put on a brave front when she confronted the two men .
tr	O	那辆之前把他们截停的绿色卡车停在那里，但是没有司机在里面。
tr	O	丽娜咬进了他手掌的肉里，并且她能看到他体内的怒火升腾。
tr	O	她试图抬起她的右鞋，但是它被粘在了垫子上。
tr	O	只花了三到四分钟，但是地面摇晃得非常厉害，仿佛遭受了大规模地震。
tr	O	他听到了伊夫说的话，并且他知道那是一个谎言。
tr	I	He needed to know the lay of the land , but Henry knew this was a dangerous question .
tr	O	我更喜欢你的陪伴，但是我感受到的是友谊，一种姐妹般的爱。
tr	O	我很快就从那种情绪中走了出来，并且当我平静下来时，我意识到自己的行为有多么荒谬。
tr	I	Why would his first born not take the throne after him , but his daughter would be the greatest queen .
tr	I	We can use that to our advantage and this building is probably out of town .
tr	I	Hearing it confirmed definitely hurt , but I had suspected this was only a temporary visit .
tr	I	It was just a dream nonetheless , but a lucid dream in livid color .
tr	I	I could smell the coffee brewing and all the seats were leather .
tr	O	我原以为万圣节那天仙子们会出来，但是我出于某种原因却以为他们会留在他们的山丘上。
tr	O	辛普森抱怨着，并且莫里斯的拳头又一次猛地挥出。
tr	I	My breakfast was almost gone and a few minutes went by .
tr	I	She nodded toward the back door , and I turned to look at her .
tr	I	Today the scene held new poignancy , but Lucien watched the exchange as he had often done over the years .
tr	I	The tin literally disappeared and the effect was remarkable .
tr	O	鲜血仍然从他的伤口中涌出，并且他的目光中燃烧着火焰。
tr	O	他轻轻地检查了子宫，并且莫莉轻轻地抽动了一下。
tr	O	踢足球太晚了，但是也许你会考虑别的。
tr	I	He didn 't say he was sorry , but he stepped forward , regret obvious in his features .
tr	I	He was soon heading towards the shop and the car picked him up from the airport .
tr	O	这并非避免灭绝的最佳策略，但是他们也并非在预料会有入侵者。
tr	O	接下来的几秒钟发生得如此之快，然而朱利安却清晰、明锐地看到了它们的展开。
tr	O	他们会盯着酒吧里精心安插的吸血鬼，并且会为自己的大胆而感到兴奋。
tr	I	I could feel the blood rushing through my veins , and as we approached , my palms began to sweat .
tr	O	那个轮廓没有他目前见过任何变形者的魁梧，而且它移动得太过流畅。
tr	I	She 'd be feeling its effects for days , but she had no idea what happened last night .
tr	I	Sophia owned the other third , and I wanted to correct her , that he owned one-third of the place .
tr	I	They all retreated , leaving his father slumped back in his seat and Archie gathered up the laptop .
tr	O	听起来更浪漫，这对公众形象总是有好处的，而且我没有时间举行正式婚礼。
tr	I	Watson shrugged his shoulders , and Renton was unusually quiet .
tr	I	He could not get accustomed to the texture of the cheese , but Brynn told him so .
tr	O	我再也见不到他了……并且很难放手。
tr	I	Once she gave me a blanket , and she snuck food to me sometimes .
tr	O	格里高利相信她能做到，并且她也必须相信。
tr	I	It certainly made a jump difficult for anyone suddenly overtaken by the urge , but it might not be a deterrent to someone very determined .
tr	O	乔治可不是傻瓜，并且一旦他听说了旅馆的概念，他显然就想到了投资机会。
tr	O	埃琳娜猛踩刹车踏板，并且车子在路中间嘎吱一声停了下来。
tr	I	He did initiate the fight , but now , I 'm not saying he wouldn 't have received the same treatment if he hadn 't done that .
tr	O	他过去可能曾诉诸肉体满足，但是他作为伦敦头号混蛋的日子已经结束了。
tr	O	我觉得他用第三人称称呼自己很诡异，但是我并不打算把它当回事。
tr	O	当她读这些字时，房间突然开始旋转，并且她不得不扶住椅子以免摔倒。
tr	O	嗯，他确实如此，但是那是不同的情况。
tr	I	That certainly didn 't need to be done the first day he was back , but yes , there were some legal papers to be drawn up .
tr	O	我们基本上已经摆脱了嫉妒，但是有时，在适当的心情下，艾米会变得非常情绪化。
tr	O	他哪儿也不去，并且她也哪儿都不去。
tr	O	也许她提过，而且我当时没在听。
tr	I	The blades lost some of their speed , and the engine choked .
tr	O	船的晃动似乎不那么剧烈了，而且新鲜空气让她恢复了精神。
tr	O	一股新的胆汁涌上他的喉咙，而且他转向人行道，向街上呕吐。
tr	O	当她凝视他的眼睛时，他的眼睛变暗了，而且她将那个想法修正为稍微更暗。
tr	I	His beard was thinly trimmed and his face was handsome .
tr	I	She kept her mouth clamped shut , and he slowly dropped his hand .
tr	I	You are now the top reporter at Zane Worldwide Communications and Daniel Zane is your new identity .
tr	I	He gestured for her to stay a few feet away , but Kyrie walked toward him .
tr	I	Lord Brogan could see that it was a little brittle but he had an amused light hearted smile on his face .
tr	I	Her hand went right through his arm , but she rushed towards him , reaching out .
tr	O	和艾迪相比，唐是个矮小的男人，但是他同样令人生畏。
tr	I	I know is only moments , but Reginald appears frozen for what seems like hours .
tr	O	萨宾凝视着瑞德的眼睛，而且另一滴眼泪滑下她的脸颊。
tr	I	It makes it difficult to breathe and the air is heavy with humidity .
tr	O	它击中了目标，而且目标轻微晃动了一下。
tr	O	嗯，声音不大，但是我听得如此清楚，以至于我知道他肯定在喊叫。
tr	I	So precise was the modulation his flesh tingled with it , but Ship 's voice had taken on an air of camaraderie .
tr	I	Max exemplified the wisdom much like that of an elder , but he was young , merely twenty-five , when God robbed him of his human life .
tr	I	Eleven chimes from the clock in the hall and he could hear the creak of his chair .
tr	O	我张开嘴想让他滚蛋，但是却什么也没说出来。
tr	I	I tried not to wince , and the needle pricked my skin .
tr	I	He smiles , and his blue eyes meet mine .
tr	O	格伦立刻想象出一种野生的草原啮齿动物，它咬人很凶，但是除此之外可以安全地抱在怀里。
tr	O	他没有告诉她约书亚杀光了红山所有的猫，而且贾斯汀是偷窥狂。
tr	I	He was going to change all that , but she 'd been neglected too long , stashed away in this well-appointed prison .
tr	I	He was looking down in the hole and I saw him pull back the tarp .
tr	I	None of them fought back , yet the prisoners seethed with hatred .
tr	O	当他的拇指从我的脚上横向滑过时，我的呼吸再次屏住了，并且那种轻柔的刺痛感被漫长、滑动的抚摸取代了。
tr	O	我痛得厉害，并且没有其他人理解我正在经历的一切。
tr	I	Henri could be my lover here at the castle , and my husband would do as he wished with the women of his choice .
tr	I	He did , but she wasn 't sure how he knew .
tr	O	它看起来像人类，但是它的脸被貌似泥泞的土壤覆盖着。
tr	O	世界在他身边不断变化，然而他却似乎一动不动。
tr	I	Patrick 's reaction was causing my already broken heart to shatter , but I should have anticipated it .
tr	I	She looked too peaceful , but he wanted to wake her up to get some reassurance .
tr	O	我曾好奇他为什么总是湿冷，而且现在我明白了。
tr	I	Nature did not stay his course Yet he failed to find the seemly path He earned the Earth 's befitting wrath .
tr	O	我听见德里克抗议，但是她只是不理他。
tr	I	What he taught me lingered , but I didn 't see much of my father , a very powerful Native American shaman .
tr	O	一只紧张的蜘蛛向她扑来，毒牙伸出，并且她毫不减速地把它拍了下来。
tr	I	I guess that 's the point , but I was an ignorant little shit .
tr	I	He didn 't participate and like the world ended .
tr	I	They Will not be lenient with you , and if you do not help us , the Clave Will know it .
tr	I	He leapt to his feet , and St. John 's nostrils flared .
tr	O	有时候这对于像她这样的小孩是个问题，但是她很快就适应了奶瓶。
tr	I	When it faded once again , the commencement began , and the applause was thunderous .
tr	O	他脸上严峻的表情消失了，并且我发现自己很庆幸看到他恢复了往常的神态。
tr	O	我不能说那是最协调的动作，但是它也无需如此。
tr	I	I 'd go watch the men dig , waiting to see what they would uncover , and he used to fund excavations .
tr	I	Anything could happen to her out here , but she felt safe .
tr	I	I got the feeling Alice didn 't want to keep talking about it , but I wanted to ask .
tr	I	Farmers didn 't have portraits painted , and he had been a Scottish farmer .
tr	O	她需要感觉与他亲近，但是她知道他不会欢迎她。
tr	I	I bounce on my toes , and he nods at me .
tr	O	豪宅里的空气异常寒冷，并且我感到发抖。
tr	I	We wanted some toast , and you came by to check on me .
tr	O	我必须离开你，并且远离你所有的问题。
tr	I	I can 't stop smiling and my heart is pounding .
tr	O	他上前，并且她一直后退，直到她靠在桌子旁边。
tr	O	她假装怀疑，并且理查德思考了一会儿。
tr	O	紧张气氛很奇怪，并且她希望她能弄清楚发生了什么。
tr	I	Tim had extracted a promise that he would call as soon as he could , and he had called that morning before he had left .
tr	O	艾什要在我面前死去，而且我无法做任何事来阻止它。
tr	I	Zachery feared the hardships they had endured were already draining her beyond recovery , but she was only fourteen .
tr	I	Nick knew better , but he spoke in a tone which could have been mistaken for indifference .
tr	I	Today it seemed meaningless , but it would have felt good two years ago .
tr	I	I feel so full , but I know I should move .
tr	O	我那向日葵黄色的路虎车非常显眼，但是我毫不在乎。
tr	O	他的恳求在他的声音中回荡，并且她感到自己正在屈服。
tr	O	他的心为此而疼痛，并且他吐出了一口长气。
tr	I	He would 've gone on for about ten minutes teasing me and I could 've .
tr	I	I was unsure how to proceed , and I 'd never been in a situation like this before .
tr	O	他们的目光都落在呻吟着的查尔斯身上，并且接着，一个接一个地，男人们低下头。
tr	O	乔的下巴紧绷着，目光寻找克莱，但是克莱能感觉到他正在权衡他的回答。
tr	O	温暖在伊恩体内绽放，并且紧抓着他的恐慌消散了。
tr	I	There were just too many , but his men were shooting them as they raced to their positions .
tr	I	I lose and if I touch the white ones , even by mistake , the game is done .
tr	I	Cuts will be next week , and Coach says he only has enough uniforms to keep eighteen players .
tr	I	She looked up expectantly and he cleared his throat .
tr	O	他没有马上说话，但是他嘴唇的线条绷紧了。
tr	O	他做好了被怜悯的准备，但是她的脸上只映出深深的同情，这让他感到安慰。
tr	I	I sucked in my breath at his nearness and he trailed his slender hand along my cheek .
tr	I	We gave each other hell the entire time , and our battle lasted for what seemed like hours .
tr	I	He looks away and his eyes tear up .
tr	I	I miss your laugh , and my arms are empty .
tr	I	She was the unlucky hare that had run straight into it , and it was almost as if the Fates had arranged the trap .
tr	O	他声音中那高亢的紧张能量丝毫未减，并且他紧张地扫视着那些建筑物。
tr	I	Fairies disappeared and * * * The GP .
tr	O	他问，并且我点点头。
tr	I	I felt the pressure ease up off of my chest and he said something to one of them that I could not hear .
tr	O	我们都只穿着内衣，并且我动身去脱掉我的。
tr	O	我以前从未进过教堂，但是现在不是参观的时候。
tr	O	天很冷，并且简知道天很黑。
tr	I	I followed him and he went into the carriage house .
tr	O	那听起来不对劲，但是那就是它当时的样子；就好像我被排除在所有人都参与的事情之外。
tr	I	He was intimately familiar with the stories that were whispered about the old Bradford mansion , and Joe had grown up in the area .
tr	I	He wasn 't having it , but I tried talking to him .
tr	O	我可能在级别上没有任何权力，但是我仍然是他们中最强大的。
tr	O	特伦顿吹着口哨，随着他转过头并且打量着金赛娇小的身形。
tr	I	She 'd been wrong about both of them , but she 'd thought the woman was a friend .
tr	I	I look closer and my eye notices something on the cup .
tr	O	我有点头晕，并且我真的需要去洗手间。
tr	O	他的眉毛紧锁，并且他的眼睛带着不信任地盯着我。
tr	I	The skylight hatch - but the tiny ports didn 't even open ?
tr	O	卡拉的反应很明显，并且他们匆匆忙忙地走下车道。
tr	O	它快得吓人，像一条毒蛇，并且它的颌骨在帕克头顶猛地合上。
tr	I	They fell in the doorway , and Sage fired through the door .
tr	O	我我认为这很蠢，但是无论如何我还是同意了。
tr	I	It was only making me more uncomfortable , and I had been unprepared for this conversation .
tr	I	Another nine were still ahead , but the first shot was behind .
tr	I	Will -- being Will -- disagreed , but I preferred Edward 's way of doing things myself .
tr	O	我想把这个分享给艾米莉亚，并且我希望她会喜欢。
tr	O	罗斯说的时候笑了，但是肯恩觉得这不好笑。
tr	I	He growled , and he felt the fire light his eyes .
tr	O	她给了我一个同情的眼神，并且接着我们把注意力转向了劳拉。
tr	O	他试图听起来很随意，但是他可能没有意识到他在咬下唇。
tr	I	It sure wouldn 't be the last and it wouldn 't be the first time .
tr	O	我把她的头抱在我大腿上，并且我们一直那样待着直到尼克到来。
tr	I	No one ever knew it wasn 't the truth until it was too late and as a master liar he could easily tell a lie .
tr	O	我的心思完全不在开车上，而是卡罗琳告诉了我的一切。
tr	I	She 's going to be fine , but she 's in rough shape .
tr	O	我拍了拍她的背，并且她抬起了一只手。
tr	I	I couldn 't take that chance anymore , and spirits sent there could return , however .
tr	I	She sounded as if she 'd run a marathon and his touch was doing strange things to her insides .
tr	O	我知道这是杰克逊的梦想，但是让他给我施加这种压力感觉不公平。
tr	I	She was lost again , swirling away and now she felt as if that lifeline had been jerked away from her .
tr	O	那个命令现在早已不复存在，并且我们中只有少数人留下。
tr	O	我们偏离了航向，但是我们会向东行驶。
tr	O	可怕的念头在我脑海中蜂拥而至，并且很冷。
tr	I	That doesn 't mean I won 't see her , but I can 't meet with Ivy today .
tr	I	I haven 't , but I know you have .
tr	O	她猛地一转弯，并且墙壁变成了银色嵌板。
tr	I	All that followed was the click of being disconnected , but she waited for him to say more .
tr	O	显然他们可以将金属校准为背景，并且每种金属都有不同的设置。
tr	O	詹姆斯·西尔弗想要他的工作，并且有一天他会得到它。
tr	O	来自一个芝加哥的优良老家族，并且他是库克县检察官办公室有史以来最年轻的当选者。
tr	I	I 've done it a million times , and the math is easy .
tr	O	她的嘴唇颤抖着，并且她咒骂着自己的软弱。
tr	I	I needed to air them out first and yes , had to return some , .
tr	I	He leaned forward and his brow tightened .
tr	I	It was agreed that Sunderland would conduct their own inquiry and Chapter 9 Renton passed Frank 's message on to Cousins .
tr	I	Though he was heavy , she didn 't want him to move and Christian was sprawled on top of her .
tr	O	事情已办妥，并且我安全了。
tr	O	我们的重点是二十五到三十五岁的年龄段，并且我们不接受那些障碍之外的客户。
tr	I	They weren 't and they didn 't .
tr	I	She sits right next to him and finally the train stops .
tr	O	他笑了，并且我注意到他的黑发拂过他的眼睛。
tr	I	Mentally they seemed much longer but the dreams were often short .
tr	I	She could not find what she was looking for , but her eyes combed the floor .
tr	O	几个球员举起手庆祝，并且我听到了一些兴奋的嘈杂声。
tr	O	他没有回答，但是那已经足够作为答案了。
tr	I	Every cemetery filled quickly , and every fort he built had a cemetery nearby .
tr	I	His help was the nicest thing he could have done for me today , but he was just killing time until his ride got here .
tr	O	大海在我们左边拍打着，并且我凝视着月亮。
tr	I	My heart breaks witnessing the exchange , and I already know it 's Flanders .
tr	O	她知道他不相信她，而且她不是那么好的演员。
tr	O	那听起来像是一种方便的说法，表示她不作任何保证，但是我不打算挑起争端。
tr	O	当电梯到达时我松了一口气，并且当我到达底层时我跑了出去。
tr	I	The west promised more ice and the north fell behind them .
tr	O	刺伤别人的脚不完全是榜样行为，但是我有一个很好的借口。
tr	I	I thought I held my own , and I was as prepared as I could be with the limited time I 'd been given .
tr	I	He doesn 't answer in words , but his mouth curves into a grin .
tr	I	She held him tighter as he allowed himself to grieve , and his sobs became louder , deeper .
tr	I	The car parked behind mine was Directorate issue , but I didn 't recognize the faces .
tr	O	也许爱德华被抚养成王子是一种荣耀，但是命令的冷酷边缘让她心生各种恐惧。
tr	I	Kate told him she was impressed he 'd figured out what Barrett had done and over dinner Charlie recounted the finding of the box .
tr	O	那是一家餐馆，但是那是我见过的最热闹的餐馆之一。
tr	O	她吸了口气，试图让氧气进入她饥饿的肺部，但是她没有回应。
tr	I	Hannah is a small cog in a very big wheel and there are business considerations , careers to worry about .
tr	O	我的表姐伊丽莎白低声祈祷，并且其中一名男子让孩子们离门远点。
tr	I	Her sobs less frequent and her face had become peaceful .
tr	O	它们没有看守，但是微微敞开着。
tr	O	这触动了她，并且她惊讶地扬起了眉毛。
tr	O	那些话语在我们之间萦绕，并且我艰难地吞咽着，努力抑制我的仇恨。
tr	I	I was following it with my pen in hand and it was taking me away deeper in the sea .
tr	I	Now I 'm curious , but I don 't plan to spend more time with them .
tr	I	Popkin took his job very seriously , but Thomas of course knew the way .
tr	O	我滑向引擎盖的边缘，并且他牵着我的手帮我下来。
tr	O	她没有理会他的鸣笛声，并且尽管这很孩子气，她从背对着他中获得了一定的乐趣。
tr	I	She could tell by Kevin 's expression that she looked it too , and she felt tired .
tr	I	The soft smell of her hair wafted through his nostrils and Chuck leaned over .
tr	O	这花了我几个小时，但是我其实并不急。
tr	I	You 're now involved with Sebastian Stott , and I know you were involved with Belinda White .
tr	I	He thought he heard the pounding of boots and the girl was growing heavier by the minute .
tr	O	雷当然已经打开了它，并且里面有一张生日贺卡，来自她住在痴呆症患者之家的阿姨。
tr	O	我越过肩膀看向加百列，并且半是勉强地笑了笑。
tr	O	那些闻名认识他的人皱起了眉，并且那些不认识他的人带着好奇的表情。
tr	O	文森特朝它跑去，并且我跟着他。
tr	O	那些年长的男人很快就到了，并且她警告了他们关于新武器的事。
tr	O	他的演讲渐渐消失了，但是他完成了他最后的想法。
tr	I	The possibility of a partner meant Meg wasn 't safe yet , but he didn 't want the Others looking at every human as a potential threat .
tr	O	过去的三天在令人目眩的模糊中飞逝，而且不言而喻，衣服是我们最不优先考虑的。
tr	I	I felt all your prayers , and I had lots of time to think .
tr	O	我把手插入他的头发，然后把他拉起来面对着我，并且他笑了。
tr	O	我会做任何事来赢回她，并且这就是命运对我施以善意的地方。
tr	I	He had kept himself far out of sight , and he had followed them .
tr	I	He had a dangerous look about him , but he wasn 't a very big guy .
tr	O	就在他们把握好时机对视的时候，他们的目光交汇了，并且他们就会互相凝视。
tr	I	I don 't see it that way , but apparently Jesse thinks he falls into the latter category .
tr	O	我刷了腕带上的卡，并且他的全息市民档案弹了出来。
tr	I	There was a splashing sound , and again the movement stopped suddenly .
tr	O	那对我来说似乎不可能，并且我如实说了。
tr	O	她的胃抽紧了，并且当她第二天早上醒来时，她不得不跑去找夜壶。
tr	I	I couldn 't look away to see his expression , but his voice cracked an infinitesimal amount as he spoke .
tr	I	It was an ethereal thing , always floating just beyond his comprehension , but he sensed the answer .
tr	O	亨利在房间对面绷紧了身体，但是他什么也没说。
tr	I	I become one and I keep running , running , running until the wind .
tr	I	I leaned against the side of the device breathing with rasping gasps , and the little flame went out .
tr	O	他可以给她打电话，但是她不会接。
tr	I	We took off and I dug my heels into the animal 's sides .
tr	O	他的声音很严厉，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	I accepted it as cue I was no longer welcome and she attempted to kill me with a stare of venom .
tr	I	I was perfectly happy to keep it that way , and I had Patch .
tr	O	当他猛拉时，门太容易就脱落了，并且他把门扔到了一边。
tr	O	她似乎理解他，并且她感受到了他所感受的。
tr	O	瓦伦丁的声音很平稳，但是克莱丽觉得她能看到汗水在他的太阳穴和喉咙底部闪闪发光。
tr	I	The knife slid tightly across her neck in warning , and she flinched .
tr	I	He 's not here , but Sam 's my twin .
tr	O	窗帘都拉上了，并且大部分窗户都开着。
tr	O	我会把所有事情都告诉凯尔西，并且我们会狂欢以消解痛苦。
tr	O	罗克等着对话继续下去，但是两个女孩都没有继续斗嘴。
tr	I	Several women were there having coffee , and this one even had outdoor tables .
tr	O	空间很狭窄，但是我们做了一切必要的事情来保护自己。
tr	I	Light danced down the wal s as if the sun were rising , and the windows began to brighten .
tr	I	It wasn 't the commissary that he needed , but as punishment , Pat was often denied commissary privileges .
tr	O	她的眼睛非常大，并且几乎永久地锁定在龙弓身上。
tr	I	That didn 't make me feel any better , but Jo-Jo was right .
tr	O	每天疼痛都少了一点，并且每天他都更想她一点。
tr	O	第一只鸟还活着，并且我设法把它放走了。
tr	I	We might go off the rails and saying something like we 're all really upset .
tr	O	一切都变了，并且它在短期内不会停止改变。
tr	O	这是私人土地，并且她得到了主人的允许，这位主人曾是她人类学系导师的学生。
tr	O	保罗呼出了一口气，并且他在桌子上动了一下。
tr	I	The rest turn toward her , and the few that were sitting stand up .
tr	I	The father turned around and he waved him off .
tr	O	旁边有水，并且我把手指伸向按钮。
tr	I	He refused to release her , but she tried pulling her hand from his .
tr	O	文耐心地等待他注意到她，但是他只是继续阅读。
tr	O	他们明显是一对情侣，而且他们在掩盖着什么。
tr	O	这对我来说是新的景象，并且我带着极大的好奇心检查了这个结构。
tr	O	只要看一眼他的脸，所以埃琳娜就知道他带来了坏消息。
tr	I	I leave my hand resting right above the third button of his shirt , but he releases my wrist .
tr	I	Bob had been a part of them , and she was reliving some of the happiest memories .
tr	O	城市建在地上，但是研究设施则深入地下，大概是为了隐藏技术进步，以避开窥探的目光。
tr	O	瞬间，二十几只跳跃的身影被摧毁了，但是有远不止二十几只正涌向那个被烧伤的女人。
tr	I	I cursed as the other rogue sent me flying , and he grunted .
tr	O	她会尽力而为，无论如何，并且她会祈祷奇迹的发生。
tr	O	指挥官停顿了一会儿，并且雅各布隐约听到了无线电的嘈杂声。
tr	I	Then she heard it , and she tilted her head .
tr	I	The screen flashed red and I started with the four corners .
tr	O	他的神经像风铃一样叮当作响，并且他胃里有一种恶心的感觉。
tr	O	还不到一个星期，并且你已经在这里了。
tr	I	It 's not working out , yet but I 'm sure it will work out .
tr	O	她不是他，并且她不应该为他的罪孽付出代价。
tr	I	Now he was a completely different boy , and thumbs was one of the most affected .
tr	I	Each of his failed attempts had spurred him onward to greater violence , and he was determined to kill her .
tr	I	Its back brushed against one of the metal ties , causing a gash in the skin and his hand buckled at the impact .
tr	I	She was trapped , impaled in place , and another of his fingers slid upward into her heat .
tr	I	It was too late , but Jack lunged gracefully forward .
tr	O	他能看出她不喜欢谈论未来，但是他想对未来有所了解。
tr	I	His legs were starting to fall asleep on him , and Gerald had been sitting long .
tr	I	He hated her for that and she always wanted to be in the limelight .
tr	I	No more skittering came , but I waited , listening .
tr	I	One moved to fetch their captain and the knights bowed .
tr	I	Lycans preferred their meat uncooked , and marshmallows had gone the way of the dodo .
tr	O	我有新来的帮手，并且他们正在处理事务。
tr	O	她今晚看起来有点迷茫，非常脆弱，并且她很少向他展现那一面。
tr	I	David could tell that she 'd just dyed it a perfect black , and Margaret 's flaccid hair hung down to each eyebrow like a drape .
tr	I	Where there was one there were at least three , and it had to be a dog .
tr	O	查理关掉了收音机，并且就在他准备回到隧道时，约瑟芬跑向了他。
tr	O	保罗的目光锁定在我的脸上，并且他绷紧了身体。
tr	I	It did nothing to bolster her nerves , but she sipped at the warm drink , the rich chocolate warming her insides .
tr	O	我的脾气发作了，但是我保持了冷静。
tr	O	你的眼睛会发亮，声音也会提高，当你向我介绍你所有的最新成就时。
tr	O	之前的魔法被打破了，并且我正在战斗、防守、以一种只有在战场上才会有的方式移动。
tr	I	His white hair was strikingly attractive , and he was wearing a black overcoat .
tr	O	此时此刻她渴望着开阔的空气，但是仍然保持她现在的形态。
tr	I	He tasted bile in his throat , and his heart leaped again at the thought .
tr	O	他张开嘴想说话，但是司机打了他头部一下。
tr	O	莱奥笑了，并且我冻住了。
tr	O	萨鲁曼的脸变得铁青，因愤怒而扭曲，并且他的眼中燃起了红光。
tr	O	当他们把头转向一边时她盯着看，但是即便他们的侧脸也没给她足够的线索。
tr	O	一个在黎凡特战争中磨砺出的士兵，并且没有比这更适合他这类人的训练场了。
tr	O	他正在努力阻止它，但是一些脆弱正从那双蓝眼睛中流露出来。
tr	O	当然，同类相食的部分令人作呕，但是据格雷戈尔所知，老鼠吃老鼠。
tr	O	他那时不值得我们思考，并且他现在不值得我浪费口舌。
tr	I	Surrounding it is what looks like a bruise , but the bullet wound itself is just a round , red circle in Lynn 's skin .
tr	O	安德拉本来要问关于血的事情，但是她忍住了问题。
tr	I	My vision 's still blurry and my head 's still pounding .
tr	I	My heart falters with the surprise , and the voice catches me off guard .
tr	I	It was likely they were stronger now but the strongest had been a level four .
tr	O	我下学期之后就要去上大学了，并且你会一个人住在这里。
tr	O	他眼中带着一丝玩味地回望着她，并且她的心沉了下去。
tr	I	That was about it , and they shared some space .
tr	O	她的脸看起来很沮丧，并且她把视线从我身上移开了。
tr	O	自从孟菲斯藏身处救援任务以来，我们一直马不停蹄，而且她肯定已经筋疲力尽了。
tr	O	我照着指示做了，并且她检查了伤口。
tr	O	我留在她身边，并且我们静静地坐在那里，等待着。
tr	I	She would be back in Charleston with real memories to replace the fantasies and they would break things off .
tr	O	他信任她，但是她却被迫对他撒谎，内容是他身份这样基本的事情。
tr	O	令人作呕的绿色垃圾散发出的气味弥漫在空气中，并且我用法术阻止自己作呕。
tr	O	看到伤口让她颤抖，但是为了他，她需要坚强。
tr	I	This is my place and I 'm Chad Redington .
tr	O	他的嘴唇紧绷着，但是他把钱包扔过了房间。
tr	O	我在最后关头动摇了，并且噩梦已经逃脱了我。
tr	I	He couldn 't argue , but that wasn 't a term Romain heard very often .
tr	I	I knew I wouldn 't sleep now , but I hadn 't slept much last night .
tr	I	I could increase it by another 310 feet , giving me over 3,300 feet of tarred runway and I would still be 200 yards from our perimeter .
tr	I	He laid a hand on Allan 's am , and Pierre 's expression softened .
tr	O	她不想破坏这个时刻，但是这次是他打开了门。
tr	I	They 're still looking at me and Kiera 's over there talking to them .
tr	O	闪电消失了，并且风也突然停了。
tr	O	她的眉毛扬了起来，并且她慢慢地对我笑了。
tr	I	They glowed , and I looked down at them .
tr	O	一张“蜥蜴”的CD在背景中轻柔地播放着，并且特里克用他柔滑的声音跟着哼唱，哄得我直接睡着了。
tr	O	在她气冲冲地走了，并且他追了上去之前。
tr	O	每个人都对他们的祖先撒了谎，并且那也情有可原。
tr	I	She looked at me , and Ellery 's eye widened .
tr	I	She realized with numb shock that he was going to bite her , and his head lowered .
tr	O	他的头发毛糙，并且他头发灰白。
tr	O	她的声音变冷了，并且她稍微转过身去。
tr	O	这无关紧要，但是尼古拉斯掀起了固定在他夹克口袋上的剂量计徽章的翻盖。
tr	I	The doors parted , and Gray hit the button .
tr	I	A tour of the outermost wall followed and the aging soldier greeted him as politely as he had before .
tr	I	Janette climbs out and she pulls up to the front of the school .
tr	O	艾伦的目光落在她身上，并且安吉对他使了个示意他安静的眼色。
tr	I	My frustrated response earns me the most wicked grin from Davis , and I say through gritted teeth .
tr	I	Each man knew it , and the time had come .
tr	O	它没有上锁，并且她急忙走了进去。
tr	I	He lost his son and both had lost their parents .
tr	I	You 've never had a problem looking away , but they can 't take their eyes off you .
tr	I	Then she turned away , but Gemma 's face softened for a moment .
tr	O	我们是好人，并且我们得到的就是这个吗？
tr	O	这男人外形完美无缺，并且他的举止也毫不逊色。
tr	I	These kinds of things happened , and then I remembered this was a dream .
tr	I	His eyes bore into me , but his face is in shadow .
tr	I	Beth patted her on the back and suzy choked on her coffee .
tr	I	That was usually a smaller rush , but the dinner crowd hadn 't started to filter in .
tr	I	He could see the hesitation and the president looked at Kelly .
tr	I	Demons were swarming the next , and all was well one second .
tr	I	The white ones looked fabulous so it didn 't matter , but I couldn 't find any silver ones at Goodman 's .
tr	I	Her skin was flushed red and she had long black hair .
tr	I	This was at a whole other level , but she had known luxury in the past .
tr	O	我试图和我妈妈谈这件事，但是她告诉我这不关我们的事。
tr	O	她需要放松一下，或者她会搞砸这次谈话。
tr	I	He wasn 't sure what it meant , and she bared her teeth .
tr	O	我们的肩膀只是碰了一下，而且我渴望更多。
tr	O	霍利斯躲在衣柜里直到孩子们睡着并且罗丝上床睡觉。
tr	I	Soon I 'd be able to fix Damien , and I was certain Jessie had already called Leigh .
tr	I	I took it from her , and she started to set her book back .
tr	O	地狱是一个寒冷、残酷、荒芜的领域，但是它也有它的温情。
tr	O	强力一击比预期重得多，并且裂隙发现自己空中乱舞，彻底跌落拱桥。
tr	I	We follow her and Alex clutches my hand .
tr	I	Understanding came to her in pieces because she simply couldn 't take in the whole situation at once and her awareness was fragmented .
tr	O	人们可能已经接受了吸血鬼的存在，但是这并不意味着他们喜欢不死族美国人。
tr	O	她以为认识的那个男人变成了一个几乎不认识的陌生人，并且她几乎不认识的陌生人却是原因。
tr	O	杰米的肩膀轻轻耸了耸，并且她把几缕深色卷发钩到耳后。
tr	O	早些时候见到德里克·菲尔斯让她心神不宁，但是报警是没用的。
tr	I	He nearly vomited locusts on Alma and Kane 's stomach lurched into a squirming mass of lead .
tr	O	离开城堡有点困难，但是他们还是成功了。
tr	I	I checked my watch , seeing that I still had half an hour before the show aired and Jackson ended the call without saying anything else .
tr	I	His free will was blossoming , so maybe she could persuade him to lend a hand , but he didn 't have to take orders from her .
tr	I	Hated not knowing anything , and he was used to being the one with all the answers .
tr	I	She just didn 't get how their tiny little monkey brains worked , but they were adorable .
tr	I	He wore Teva flip-flops with his jeans , and his gray flannel shirt was enormous .
tr	I	He was feeling more miserable just thinking about it and he couldn 't get the thought out of his head .
tr	O	潘多拉冲动地想快速抓过那个松饼，但是她忍住了。
tr	I	She screams and when she sees me , her eyes go wide .
tr	O	我今天不需要答案，但是这是我的名片。
tr	O	那会是一个挑战，并且雄性狼从不挑战雌性狼。
tr	I	Chloe refused to accept his offer but Sam offered to finance her venture .
tr	O	开我的店对我感受起了很大作用，所以，当然，认识布拉德也是如此。
tr	I	He had yet to reveal , and what he wanted me to glean from these classic texts , I could not imagine .
tr	I	It made no sense , but he had claimed to be a scholar .
tr	O	他们像对待失散的朋友一样欢迎他，并且威尔立刻感到宾至如归。
tr	I	To my relief , they were roughly my size and I pulled his trousers off .
tr	O	我自己的高潮增强了，并且我感到我的肌肉将他吸入更深。
tr	I	I can feel my entire central nervous system go completely numb and my heart sinks what feels like the full length of my body .
tr	I	You can call me Becca , but Mr. Kent , I am Rebecca Rowland .
tr	I	There was a flicker of tension under it , like a cat readying itself to pounce , but his demeanor was still casual .
tr	I	They both felt its radiant warmth as soon as they stepped inside , and there was a woodstove at the back .
tr	O	她的眼睛闭着，并且她的脸很放松。
tr	O	我的嘴唇下撇，显出愁容，并且我又在座位上挪动了一下。
tr	O	他突然弓起肩膀，并且他周围的地面爆发了。
tr	O	我想把它扔出窗外，但是我没有。
tr	I	He perched on it , looking over the crowd for a moment and he 'd pulled a tall stool into the center of the stage .
tr	I	Kidnapping was a whole different ball game -- one Steve wasn 't sure he could play , but taking money was bad enough .
tr	O	它在乔的办公室开始的，并且我无法控制自己。
tr	I	His tongue run up my neck just below my ear , where he kissed me again , and I felt his lips kiss my shoulder .
tr	O	他不是个好校长，并且他在纪律方面很糟糕。
tr	I	He would get nowhere with the creature or he had to remain in control .
tr	O	我的眼泪慢了下来，并且我深呼吸。
tr	O	男人变得瘫软无力，但是塔克用他被困住的胳膊把他扶直了。
tr	I	Only so we can bring more stuff with us , but it 's a temptation .
tr	O	几盏路灯都灭了，并且人行道笼罩在灰色阴影中。
tr	O	我不喜欢雪，并且我也不喜欢湿漉漉的感觉。
tr	O	我试图联系她，但是她没有回应。
tr	O	他从来不喜欢三人行，但是她并不知道。
tr	O	他们曾经是朋友，但是他们不再是朋友了。
tr	O	杰夫坐在他的办公桌前，并且他冷淡地问候了她。
tr	O	马修明白她想要什么，并且他知道她是对的。
tr	O	随着我们走出桑德斯豪宅，阳光刺得我眨了眨眼，但是我的眼睛很快就适应了。
tr	I	Above all else , I was going to relax , and I was going to laugh , eat , cuddle .
tr	O	他平时都挺好的，但是今天他却很沮丧。
tr	I	I struggled to balance , and Val pulled my hand .
tr	I	She saw that he wore black gloves , and he lifted the gun .
tr	O	我很害怕成为那个坏消息的传递者，但是却别无选择。
tr	I	She certainly looked Native American , as the eyewitnesses had reported , but the image was grainy .
tr	O	我深入她体内，并且我们俩都喘息起来。
tr	O	她的手仍然握在茉莉的手里，但是她的注意力却集中在里奥丹身上。
tr	I	I said no , but Gage wanted me to go with .
tr	I	She let herself in then turned to talk , and I walked her to the door .
tr	I	Halley has the organization , but each one is different .
tr	I	He would be taking more than just a taste , and he was going to drink someone else 's blood .
tr	O	保罗的嘴巴紧闭着，紧紧地闭着，但是我能感觉到他内心压抑的怒火仿佛即将爆发。
tr	I	It is correct but it is unfortunate .
tr	I	He was prepared for bad news , and he was a Master vampire .
tr	O	结婚将近四年，而且他们仍然像新婚夫妇一样。
tr	I	She glanced over at Keith and at this statement Shannon 's eyes grew large .
tr	O	这不是个糟糕的洞穴，而且我们很幸运拥有它。
tr	O	我的邻居中有些人有多余的几把锁，但是我从没想过我需要超过两把。
tr	O	科林走向她，并且她屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	He caught it with his tongue and a drop of soda dripped off his nose .
tr	O	我对你并非完全坦诚，但是我现在想弥补。
tr	I	Marcie jumped up , and the doorbell chimed .
tr	I	Yet it touched him and such a simple question .
tr	O	贝茨又多盯了一会儿，并且几十名士兵从建筑物中涌入街道。
tr	I	It did not look familiar and he saw the phone number .
tr	O	我们知道他想要什么，并且我们可以阻止他得到它。
tr	I	I was still getting inquiring emails about my adventures anyway , and I knew I had a back-up plan ( Dex ) .
tr	I	He made it look damned sexy , and he sliced through the wave as if he was born on a surfboard .
tr	O	他的身体全身酸痛并且他的腿感觉像煮过头的意大利面。
tr	O	他站了起来，但是他的头仍然低垂着。
tr	O	乔伊笑了并且我内心也笑了，因为乔伊从塔克手中拿走了球。
tr	O	他甚至开始在他的袜子里找，但是，唉，钱没有找到。
tr	O	我什么都没说，但是从某种程度上来说特蕾西是对的。
tr	I	She didn 't press me , but she knew something was wrong .
tr	O	吉姆割了一下，又一下，并且囚犯的双手自由了。
tr	I	It took some years to admit his foolishness , but he knew the things he had done wrong .
tr	O	莱德被突如其来的笑声呛住了，并且我转过身去面对他。
tr	I	She could tell that it was very old and inside that box was a beautiful diamond ring .
tr	I	He had to hear it , but he had already guessed the answer .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be frightened by the precautions , but with this in place they could watch her .
tr	I	It shattered my resolve , and he began to weep .
tr	I	It wasn 't cold , and we used fire to light up the longer nights of winter , though we had no name for it .
tr	I	He can 't , but if he could see the lights , it would be simple .
tr	I	I need it pronto and I really need training .
tr	O	夏日的夜风一向令人舒畅，但是今晚它却让朱莉娅呼吸困难。
tr	I	There was no more effective way of doing that than knitting , and she needed to ponder her ex-husband 's newfound contrition .
tr	O	泰勒从未来看我，并且这比应有的程度更让我心痛。
tr	O	最终她点了点头，并且尼克感到如释重负。
tr	I	One of us has to be sane , but I feel the same .
tr	I	At that moment , Zoe knew the teenager would be okay and Sam grinned .
tr	I	Bob himself was a damn good man , but A piss poor family .
tr	I	They sealed the deal with a handshake , and a smile appeared on Tony 's face .
tr	I	She accepted it and she was alone .
tr	I	The pain reminded him of the danger of what he was about to do , but he could have shoved the ring into his pocket .
tr	I	The men gathered around the ATV and it took fifteen minutes to complete the pile .
tr	I	Her voice wasn 't as cheerful as usual , and this didn 't sound like it could be anything good .
tr	I	His voice assumed a lecturing tone and he sat back in his chair .
tr	O	我没有看到她从上方透进来的那丝光线，但是我听到了她的鞋子踩在石头上发出的轻微咔嗒声。
tr	O	传来一声金属的呻吟，并且潜水器突然向前猛冲。
tr	O	她的触觉正在改善，但是这种感觉并不愉快。
tr	O	男人们充满热情，但是他们并不是很聪明。
tr	O	她问我他为什么要这样对她，而且我没有答案，除了说男人都是猪。
tr	O	他的眼睛又瞪大了，并且他用意大利语咕哝了几句。
tr	I	Alexandra recognized her immediately , and the young woman turned slightly as Alexandra entered with Lord Ponsonby .
tr	I	I can 't until I know they 're not coming up both lakes , but I 'd rather give you more help .
tr	I	I put it on and he tossed me one of the hotel robes .
tr	O	他的拳头紧握着，并且他的脸上充满了愤怒。
tr	O	我很感激，但是我很好。
tr	O	我发动了启动器，一个气缸点火，接着另一个点火，并且我们开始蹒跚前行，可能时速六节。
tr	O	我认为生长的玉米对拥有土地的农民很重要，并且我不想让我们破坏别人的生计。
tr	O	黑暗笼罩了他，并且王子的视野变窄了。
tr	O	她身后的男人用机关枪捅了她，并且她加快了脚步。
tr	I	Running seemed inappropriate , but Brick couldn 't keep up with the guard through natural pace .
tr	O	我极其讨厌在雨中飞行，但是我们真的没有太多选择。
tr	O	你做出任何愚蠢的举动，所以我们都会中枪。
tr	I	Sensation overwhelmed her , and small lights burst behind her eyes .
tr	O	我张着嘴，并且我流着口水。
tr	O	觉得很奇怪，并且敲了前门。
tr	I	Her dad died that evening at the hospital , and mom said Prudence was never found .
tr	O	他们偶然发现了西蒙·布莱克的回忆录，并且她花了数小时阅读前一代人的故事。
tr	I	She felt no reflex to swat it away , but a random fly buzzed past Jane 's ear .
tr	I	Mike couldn 't do anything less , and his mother smiled .
tr	I	He wasn 't dangerous but he was injured .
tr	I	He keeps to himself , but he rose last year .
tr	I	The music was alive , and he played a Mozart sonata .
tr	I	I planted both feet in the icy river anyway , but my body shivered in objection .
tr	I	She only cried out again , but he slapped her .
tr	I	Me being an uncle was wonderful and the thought of Father Christmas coming .
tr	I	Her clear green eyes practically beg you to stare into them , and her long , charcoal hair looks like passion born at midnight .
tr	O	我妈妈不久后就离开了，但是 我爸爸留了下来。
tr	I	He certainly wasn 't good with words like Marcus was and he had no idea what Marcus had told her .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed , but Michael said nothing .
tr	O	我敢发誓我看到他瑟缩了一下，但是 那可能只是透过斑驳树叶的夕阳余晖造成的错觉。
tr	I	The priest said a brief prayer , followed by a collective shuffling as everyone sat back down and the music stopped .
tr	I	There is no possible way she can miss it and Lily said she won 't be able to make it because it 's her grandmother 's birthday .
tr	I	I was far from innocent , and he 'd had numerous chances to kill me .
tr	O	被银链束缚着，他无力抵抗，但是 他的眼睛从未离开过我的。
tr	I	He 's still a smart guy , but Zander may be acting like a fool when it comes to Ivy .
tr	O	我希望他能完全控制住，但是 他仍然无法做到。
tr	I	I tore my eyes away from his lips to meet his gaze , and he turned his head towards me .
tr	I	Her fingers curled with determination , and her face filled with urgency .
tr	O	库珀试图笑出来，但是 他却开始担心起来。
tr	I	Now he was surrounded by prey and he had worked a long time without feeding .
tr	I	Lying here in this bed felt like the worst , but I 'd done a lot of crappy things in my life .
tr	O	就这样，五秒钟，并且 我又多了一块淤青，一个回忆，一道可以加入收藏的疤痕。
tr	I	It looked horrible with her yellow sundress and she was almost done .
tr	O	胆汁涌上他的喉咙，并且 他想吐。
tr	O	他宽阔的肩膀放松了，但是 他却没有笑。
tr	I	This was the most desperate yet , but she 'd made one mistake after another .
tr	O	她的手指紧紧抓住他的，但是它们似乎只是变得更冷了。
tr	I	I feel him watching me , but my father doesn 't respond .
tr	I	I wanted to delay it as long as possible , and nothing would make me as vulnerable as dozing off .
tr	I	He smiled and some of the stiffness left Rand 's rigid features .
tr	O	除了愉悦的浪潮席卷他们之外，什么都无关紧要了。
tr	O	为了有所帮助，法官弗朗哥站在里克右侧，并且尼诺负责左侧。
tr	I	When it did , he agreed to Nathan 's plan , but it took Reggie a little longer for everything to sink in .
tr	I	Her resolve was never strong enough , but she would try to fight it .
tr	I	That didn 't explain why they hadn 't targeted any men , but of course , the majority of library patrons were women .
tr	O	玛丽·乔感受到了他的爱意，并且她确信诺艾尔也感受到了。
tr	I	He could tell she indeed thought it was funny , and she hesitated for three seconds , then laughed slightly .
tr	O	这可能需要数小时，不过，并且我遗憾地说这会非常不舒服。
tr	O	一个开着，并且亚历克斯看到了一条黑布。
tr	I	A light comes on and the guard inputs them .
tr	O	他放开了握刀的手，并且她把它放回枕头。
tr	O	已经过去了数十年，但是博恩斯还记得他的名字。
tr	O	她看着他和那个银色包装的包裹之间。
tr	I	I didn 't want to explain it back at school , but I still hadn 't seen the mark Marcus had left .
tr	I	It was just too damn cold to go outside , but it felt like we were in a bubble , the silence surrounding us palpable .
tr	O	她已经看了他们好几个小时了，并且他们根本没有动。
tr	I	She pushed the shield up between them , and he took another step in her direction .
tr	I	I 'm tired and it 's late .
tr	I	He was not receptive , but I tried to talk to him again .
tr	I	Reluctantly I joined in , and jess began to belt it out .
tr	I	That 's fine by me and we seemed to have lost Eli after their little show on the dance floor .
tr	O	这很微弱，但是它确实存在。
tr	I	She didn 't have any living relatives , and Mallory 's parents had been killed in a car accident years ago .
tr	I	He carried himself rather arrogantly and his clothes were obviously tailor-made .
tr	O	他们两个都受到了拘留，但是这很值得。
tr	I	Her face softened into an affectionate smile and the woman followed her gaze .
tr	I	Her pulse went wacky and her spine snapped straight .
tr	O	父亲说你是我的，并且我应该保护你。
tr	I	Several of the other maids in the keep , and I asked Biddy .
tr	O	她咳嗽了，并且唾液的丝线挂在她的带血的嘴唇上。
tr	O	斯科特意识到她正在讽刺，并且他也笑了。
tr	O	我蒙骗了他们，并且我欺骗了他们。
tr	I	Andre was moving quickly again and the fight resumed .
tr	I	I wasn 't actually going to admit it out loud , but I knew she was right .
tr	I	Claire pointed at him , and Jared took a step .
tr	O	他不确定这些是他母亲的遗骸，但是他有一种奇怪的感觉，认为它们是。
tr	I	That was not so surprising , but there was no response .
tr	O	我记得去睡觉了，但是我记不起是什么时候睡着的。
tr	O	你是为罗宾来的，但是你不会得到他。
tr	O	她伸手去捏塞蕾娜的脸颊，并且塞蕾娜躲开了。
tr	I	I gathered my courage and she slipped around a corner .
tr	I	Common sense overruled that brief thought , but despite herself , she was tempted .
tr	I	He looks away and his eyes start blinking rapidly .
tr	I	He turned toward her with dawning amazement , and something else had taken hold of him .
tr	O	我主要从事房屋工作，但是我也会做商业项目。
tr	I	The reason for it was Ion ... And he could not last .
tr	I	Females found shirtless guys appealing and except that she was female .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed , and the rest of her words hit him .
tr	O	他从未认为自己有温柔的一面，然而谢伊却成功地激发了他内心的温柔。
tr	I	Neither Carpathian looked at her , but Mary Ann leaned back in her chair .
tr	O	我强忍着笑容，因为汉娜很敏感，并且我不想让她担心我。
tr	O	格雷戈里开始说话，但是米哈伊尔通过走到圆圈中央阻止了他。
tr	I	Macy quickly grabbed them and when he surfaced , he returned his untouched boxers to the trousers .
tr	I	The truck 's engine roared to life and a second later the front door slammed .
tr	O	他们默默地站在一起，看着太阳从地平线升起，并且天空燃烧着绚丽的色彩。
tr	O	我尚未在公共场合遭到殴打，但是我不认为那会太久。
tr	O	一群孩子在浅水区玩骑人打仗，并且女孩们在吧台附近的躺椅上晒太阳。
tr	O	一栋水下的房子是一回事，但是那样的一栋房子呢？
tr	O	他的爸爸极其严厉，并且他背上的皮带印记就是证明。
tr	I	I really didn 't want that to happen , but Laurence wanted by all means to come with me in England .
tr	I	Even he looked aghast when Emma told us what the cost had been of Sydney getting caught , but I could tell Marcus approved of that strategy .
tr	I	For Shane , it was definitely a safe bet that was where he 'd gone off to , but not likely Eve was there .
tr	I	They 're waiting for you and we 've gathered our supporters .
tr	I	She would try again but it made it seem like he was totally uninterested in the conversation .
tr	I	It was very bad if we ran out and the DNAs were easy to grow in bacteria .
tr	I	We ease down into a silent graveyard of suburban grid homes , and I take the next exit .
tr	I	It was true , but I hadn 't thought about that before .
tr	O	也许我会做些什么来迫使他们动手，并且他们就不得不杀了我。
tr	I	I pretended not to care , but it tugged at my chest , the sound of her crying .
tr	O	我擦了擦眼睛，并且令人尴尬的是，她是对的。
tr	I	She knew what he felt , but she didn 't answer him .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but probably the others thought he was ridiculous , crying over a roach .
tr	O	这是唯一明智的做法，并且这也是她原计划要做的事。
tr	I	It would hold them all in place , and the last man would secure his boat to the docking pillar .
tr	O	他的绿眼睛在发光，并且他的皮肤惨白。
tr	I	Immediately the tunnel was filled with light and he took the ring .
tr	I	Rebecca turned to Daniel , and the door closed behind him .
tr	O	加勒特慢慢坐下，并且布鲁带着满足的叹息躺在他的脚边。
tr	O	对其他人来说，那是你找到所爱之人的地方，或者也许那是你找到爱你之人的地方。
tr	O	泽勒以前从未拥有过这种程度的力量，但是他已经触及了行星的核心。
tr	O	迪克兰领她到阳台边缘，并且他们眺望着仙女城发光的灯火。
tr	I	They gleam with relish at my earnest expression , but his own eyes are glazed with lust .
tr	I	It was too dark to make out what they were , but Pictures lined the walls .
tr	I	It bolted out of the barn , and Uncle Kar swatted the horse .
tr	O	我又饿了，而且我们才刚吃过午饭。
tr	O	我寡不敌众，而且你们有这么多武器。
tr	I	He seized hold of her hand , his touch surprisingly gentle for the pain he had to be suffering , but she reached for him .
tr	I	He did not register their surprise , but all three turned to him .
tr	I	Mitch began his story , and the wine arrived .
tr	I	I obediently follow up behind and Chest turns to the left .
tr	O	你可能是我的司机，但是你不是我的影子。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我确实知道。
tr	I	She had blown it , and this was the only thing she was responsible for .
tr	O	希望支撑着我，并且我挣扎着站起来，现在充满渴望。
tr	I	I secretly hoped their eyes would stay like that and their eyes were rolling at the sight of me .
tr	I	Josie was faster but a bigger woman , she hit the wall hard with her shoulder .
tr	O	我的手开始颤抖，并且我紧紧地握住了它们。
tr	O	他抬头评估我的反应，并且我想我表现出了惊讶。
tr	O	没有任何人可以指责，他们会慢慢地互相攻击，并且三百年的内战将会爆发。
tr	O	他反复猛冲，直到刀尖刺入它的脖子，流出了血，但是它仍然冲了过来。
tr	O	毒蛇碰了碰她的手臂，并且她叹了口气。
tr	O	无论他采取了什么安全措施，都使他在游艇坠入大海时免于灭亡，但是他并没有完全毫发无损地逃脱。
tr	O	可能是哈利是对的，并且那里绝对没有任何与该收藏品有关的东西。
tr	I	She wanted to weep with the joy of it , yet he thought he had committed an unforgivable crime .
tr	I	He removed it from his back and his fingers went immediately to the handle of his club .
tr	I	He had new evidence that she was just as lovely inside and she really was a strikingly beautiful woman .
tr	O	有东西向夜莺的头部猛冲过来，并且他躲闪了。
tr	I	They shook and he held out his hand .
tr	O	我有事要做，并且这很重要。
tr	O	他不知道过了多久，但是感觉像是永远。
tr	I	Only thirty had been identified conclusively , but thirty-four bodies were recovered .
tr	I	His friend was now returning the favour and he 'd been best man for Damien Wynter at his wedding to Charlotte .
tr	O	凯利的肩膀垮了下来，并且他翻了个白眼。
tr	O	甚至老师们也显得更加无精打采，并且课程只是飘散而非深入人心。
tr	I	It had nothing to do with his swift ascent of the stairs , and her pulse raced .
tr	I	We were weakest apart and we were strongest together .
tr	O	D.D. 有一次出现了，并且她是那个地方唯一一个对我投以鄙视目光的人。
tr	I	She did sincerely want to fit in , but the newly self-conscious Anne Fitch fidgeted a little in her chair .
tr	O	通常我会把他推开，但是我不想碰他。
tr	O	他肯定表现出了他的失望，因为她叹了口气，并且她的语气软化了。
tr	I	At last the hobbit opened his eyes again , and they did this for a long while .
tr	I	She was on the ground floor , the exit in sight , but there were still the two guards to contend with .
tr	I	Already the skin around the scratch had turned bright red , but only a trickle of blood flowed .
tr	I	He had a serious look on his face , and our eyes locked .
tr	O	找到最近的公交车站并回家以避免冲突。
tr	O	片刻寂静无声，并且他接着听到一声滴答声从浴室中部附近的某个地方传来。
tr	I	She had a good idea it wasn 't love , but she wasn 't sure what he was looking for .
tr	I	He clung to life , but Luiz was far away .
tr	I	The entire half that they 'd managed to erect fell down , and I grinned as Ben lost a pole somewhere in the fabric .
tr	I	I pretend to cough and my voice catches .
tr	O	我照做了，并且我甚至不知道为什么。
tr	O	几乎是模糊的，移动得如此之快，但是只可能是一个人。
tr	O	麦克除了他扔在后备箱里的背包之外，没有太多东西，并且他自己也能背得动那个。
tr	I	He didn 't seem to mind , but it was pretty gross since I hadn 't showered .
tr	O	她平静的脸上闪过一丝专注的神情，并且摇晃持续了至少一个小时。
tr	O	那个决定是不到四十五分钟前做出的，并且我现在就在这里，正拐进卡罗琳的街道。
tr	I	She shook her head , grabbing his wrists but she shivered as his hands touched her skin .
tr	I	The wizard held the object sideways in both hands and at last the contents peeked out from its furry shroud .
tr	I	Shit , in that moment , I was willing to risk it , but I knew her birth control hadn 't kicked in yet .
tr	I	He doesn 't know this , but three hours have gone by .
tr	O	显然她有许多未解决的问题，并且她知道她不能再这样下去。
tr	I	She was too slow , but she took a shaking step toward Ares .
tr	O	她想说她是为柯斯蒂做的，但是她喉咙里的哽咽太大了，无法克服。
tr	O	当时这似乎不太可能，但是那是在她姐姐成为寡妇之前。
tr	O	几只鸟在头顶盘旋，并且它们是错的。
tr	O	我曾试着和她谈过一次，并且她在我看来有点糊涂。
tr	O	她俯身吻我，并且我紧紧地抱住她，从不想放她走。
tr	O	音乐欢快，并且乐师们一丝不苟。
tr	I	Since Victor 's magic was absolute , it had no choice , but if it could feel anything , the Shadow would have groaned .
tr	O	自从德国人占领法国以来，一切都不再寻常，并且街上零散的士兵在我看来就像黑夜中的蜡烛一样显眼。
tr	O	我喜欢我生活的这一部分；不是杀戮，而是团队合作。
tr	O	她决定上楼去搜寻，但是她听到了锁里钥匙转动的声音。
tr	O	我们继续往前走，并且我已经把他们忘了，直到现在。
tr	I	All the men of land drowned , and in the end the two ships sank each other .
tr	O	我不想再待在这个该死的房间里了，但是离开意味着面对世界，我自己，我父亲，凯莉。
tr	O	有一种停顿，并且因为霍莉的眼睛是闭着的，我趁机好好地看了她一眼。
tr	I	I want every day of those few weeks but I know we only have a few weeks .
tr	O	我的魔法动摇了，并且令我惊讶的是，他开始——缓慢地——把我拖过客厅。
tr	I	I am not allowed to be in them now , and I had never been allowed to enter these woods .
tr	I	She wasn 't , but if her mother were here she would know what to do .
tr	O	潮水很高，并且她不得不涉过齐膝深的水才能到达河岸。
tr	O	因为我离开酒店才七个小时，并且我想她了。
tr	I	His rage took over and he looked at all the pictures of them in happier times scattered around the apartment .
tr	I	I shot up , slamming my fist into his stomach , and Aiden jumped .
tr	O	埃德温可能一直在演戏，但是他们中没有人注意到。
tr	I	They visited her often , especially Barbra Streisand , the green with red striped hummingbird and she had placed a bird feeder in her yard for them .
tr	I	It seemed to help quell the fear they both felt and they exchanged small talk as they walked .
tr	I	Once they purchased the camera made their way back in the direction of the La Mansion Hotel and they pressed on .
tr	I	She 'd turned our way , and the harpy had seen us .
tr	I	Pressed a button and * * * Ariella 's heart pounded as she climbed into the elevator .
tr	I	His jaw was clenched tight and his back was pressed into the driver 's side door .
tr	O	汗水滴过她的黑色发辫，并且她的脸涨红得认不出来了。
tr	I	It hasn 't always been his career , but Writing has always been his first , true love .
tr	O	他按下了停止按钮，并且我们互相微笑。
tr	O	她很清楚自己是什么，并且这个生物肯定不是它。
tr	O	它不应该有意义，但是它确实如此。
tr	O	太阳刚刚落下，并且主屋里很安静。
tr	I	It wasn 't made of any material I recognized , and the Black Knight wore a tight-fitting piece of body armor .
tr	O	布拉泽尔可能很啰嗦，并且最好让他来解释而不是提问。
tr	I	Having them at my back would give me a sense of peace , and they could get into places I couldn 't .
tr	O	萨姆也不喜欢，但是我当然在他还是个男孩时就那么清楚地理解他了。
tr	I	Then it was gone , and it filled the spaces around her , vibrated in the air .
tr	I	I wanted to smack him through the phone , and Tommy asked .
tr	O	塞雷娜一直表现得很强硬，但是她在很多方面都很脆弱。
tr	O	通常他会开车去她家，但是他不喜欢在那条蜿蜒的路上开车。
tr	I	His heart nearly stopped , and Daniel opened his eyes .
tr	O	它的强度一下子冲击了我，并且我喘不过气来。
tr	O	我回吻了他，并且我没有思考。
tr	I	It wasn 't the worst either , but it wasn 't the greatest idea .
tr	I	A rush of burning energy into his mind drowned his thoughts out but Zook began to think .
tr	O	我不会干涉你的，并且你也不会干涉我的。
tr	I	Cian took up the rear and Fin kept with the bulk of them .
tr	I	It was more from anger than from fright , but his hands were shaking .
tr	O	我正要采取行动，但是其他邪教徒抢在我前面了。
tr	O	他再次把我们带进他的办公室，并且我们四人交换了紧张的眼神。
tr	O	她看起来很紧张，并且她看起来很苍白。
tr	I	Shannon said nothing , but AJ verified it .
tr	O	我并不是真的理解，但是这显然让他非常成功。
tr	I	I swear he seemed to swell in front of me and the words rumbled from his chest .
tr	I	She had an awful lot of it , and Hannah really was turning on the charm .
tr	I	She paled with the effort it took to make it to her room , and as we walked down the hall , her shoulders slumped .
tr	I	I lean back against it and we get to the front door .
tr	I	The rest of the guys shifted uneasily and Dennis cleared his throat .
tr	O	我急忙回家，并且以利沙急切地追问结果。
tr	I	They missed their dad and they missed their friends .
tr	I	Maybe the idea that she was the reincarnation of James 's wife was nonsense , or maybe it was the addition of the modern amenities .
tr	I	She had to be well for them and they were her main focus in life .
tr	O	他真是个好哥哥，并且她真是个好母亲。
tr	I	Somehow it seemed foreign to him , but Archie had never been accused of being a worldly fellow .
tr	I	I was afraid he was reading my thoughts and Jakob watched me carefully .
tr	O	他好奇地问，并且我的心跳停了一秒。
tr	I	Quinn brought it to me , but Marietta might have made it .
tr	O	我的身体变得紧张，但是我仍然一动不动。
tr	O	我对上一个专注于非虚构作品的创意写作课一直很犹豫，但是到最后，它非常合适。
tr	O	国王大笑起来，并且他最近的保镖成员将头转向他。
tr	I	I could feel my mouth watering and Miranda was slicing the pumpkin rolls .
tr	O	邦妮说，并且她的眼睛里闪烁着愤慨。
tr	O	他正紧贴着我，并且我知道他想要我。
tr	I	The severity of the situation hit me and the sound of sirens began to fill the air in the distance .
tr	O	我没有多少钱，但是我想带她出去野餐。
tr	O	她的眼睛哭得仍然发红，然而阿莲娜收紧的目光却依然冰冷。
tr	O	方向盘后面没有焦黑的尸体，并且地上也没有。
tr	O	当我跌下床时，我套上了一条褪色的灰色运动裤，并且我模糊地记得跌跌撞撞地走进了走廊。
tr	O	气喘吁吁的波莉喘着气往前走，并且阿尔伯特紧张地吸着他的烟斗。
tr	I	Wilbur struggled , but Jeff stood .
tr	O	她似乎不情愿，但是亚当催促她。
tr	I	She loved him so much she cried with it , and he fucked with such skill , such breathtaking expertise .
tr	O	她的手腕上留下了难看的擦伤，但是她已经准备好不理会它们了，因为她已经夺回了她的手。
tr	I	Rebecca Morris gasped with fright and the two fluorescent tubes went out .
tr	O	我试图说服她那个婊子在撒谎，但是以我的过往记录她不会相信我。
tr	I	I had gotten lost in the tragedy and that something unfortunate had happened to him .
tr	I	I possessed a coolness of judgment that fitted me for illustrious achievements , but my feelings are profound .
tr	O	我跟着德洛丽丝走进客厅，但是她没有坐下。
tr	I	He trailed his fingertips down my arm , and this brought a smile to Dorian 's lips .
tr	O	对于其他人，他总能屏蔽掉他们的情绪和内在个性，如果他不想感受它们的话。
tr	I	She crouched in defense and her muscles corded reflexively .
tr	I	It soon would be , but no that 's not true , he corrected .
tr	I	The raft shot ahead , bouncing like a toy across the tops of the swell , and one of the SEALs cranked the sealed outboard motor .
tr	I	She chewed at her lip , like she was gauging the best way to lay this on her dad , and a burdened breath seeped from Aly .
tr	O	我看到了时间的灵魂，并且它让我发疯了。
tr	I	I called as soon as I had finished talking with her , and she gave me a hotel number .
tr	I	Julie 's gaze just drifted to the ground , but he expected her to gasp .
tr	I	Most were looking for blood , but some of them meant well .
tr	O	他想要吞噬她，占有她，并且他做到了。
tr	O	市长认为我们是国家的敌人，而且她连吸血鬼大师都会动手。
tr	I	She couldn 't have completely misread him , but she might be inexperienced .
tr	I	A smile crossed his face and Gabriel 's eyes widened slightly .
tr	O	我让海报垂到我身侧，并且我把空闲的手放在臀部。
tr	O	她灰金色的头发一反常态地凌乱，而且她那轻盈的身姿破天荒地假装出懒散。
tr	O	他张开嘴想回应，但是在他来得及之前，他母亲叫了他的名字。
tr	O	糟了，她会变成一个养猫的女人，并且她一直以来都更喜欢狗。
tr	I	Ian forced them back , but tears pricked his eyes .
tr	O	我的心猛地一跳，当时后门打开了，并且杰克逊走了出来，对我咧嘴笑着。
tr	I	She knew it would only upset him , but she wanted to help him bring out his demons so he could deal with them .
tr	I	Josephine hopped in her car and Gary stalked off .
tr	I	We were half-way into November , after all and I had run out of the house without putting on a jacket .
tr	I	I do not wish her to suffer and she is a valuable member of my crew .
tr	I	There were several long seconds of uneasy silence and Ryan sat back down .
tr	I	She didn 't , but I waited for her to say something to me .
tr	I	It was not fit to be the wedding venue for a man who was once a billionaire , and this was a hospital room .
tr	I	She was sure that Josh was feeling the same way , and it had been at least thirty hours since she had a meal .
tr	O	我当时可能应该结束对话，但是，我问公司是否有当地分部可以让我再弄一辆车。
tr	O	她用衬衫袖子擦掉了眼泪，但是，眼泪仍旧不断涌出。
tr	O	他们都挂了电话，并且莉亚准备离开了。
tr	O	是的，他介意了，但是那是一个军阀王子本能的占有欲在作祟。
tr	I	Then it feels like it stops completely when I fly out the window , and my heart races .
tr	I	It gives them comfort and they feel your warmth .
tr	O	她才刚出生一周，而且现在她在AHS臭名昭著。
tr	O	怒气试图再次爆发，并且我不得不放慢呼吸，集中精力感受我的脉搏。
tr	O	她冲向楼梯，但是兰斯立刻来到她身边，看着她的眼睛。
tr	O	我的声音再次变得忧郁，并且眼睛闭着，我感到平静笼罩着我。
tr	I	I guess I do , but I don 't mean to sound terse .
tr	O	我不是个孩子，但是这很痛。
tr	O	这并不好，但是她设法隐藏了事实。
tr	O	我回头看向洛里亚，并且是的，她昏过去了。
tr	O	他的母亲要去，但是她不能24小时都陪着他。
tr	O	他的朋友体重是基利安的两倍，但是塔维发现他能搬动他。
tr	I	I preferred to answer them somewhere much more private than the middle of the freshman dorms , but there would inevitably be questions .
tr	O	我好像不想听到它，但是情不自禁。
tr	I	Amy nodded in agreement and Charlie chimed in .
tr	I	He didn 't get up right away , but CHAPTER 8 The chair splintered into its component parts when Drew hit the floor .
tr	O	我的眼睛合上，并且他亲吻了我的额头。
tr	I	I don 't have a choice at the moment , but I ask Cameron , not wanting to trust him .
tr	O	在舞厅柔和的灯光下，她的怀疑显得很傻，但是那封信却无法否认。
tr	I	She 'd had to bury him , and then they 'd taken him away .
tr	I	He felt Deni move closer to him , and Jace recoiled inside .
tr	O	麦克斯爵士是个小丑，但是每个人都知道。
tr	O	她或许会是第一个，或者苏西·布莱克利可能是第一个。
tr	O	他被奉献给主，并且爱色尼人知道他已立誓。
tr	I	Both times she 'd declined and twice that week he 'd asked Amy to go running with him .
tr	O	气泡破裂了，并且气泡下面的停车场上出现了一片红色污迹。
tr	O	一缕金色乱发飘到她脸上，但是她似乎没有注意到。
tr	O	学校是代他雇佣的她，并且在六个月里他几乎没有察觉到她的存在。
tr	I	Both , it seemed , were just out of his reach , and both , he thought , were just things that Jeff wanted to have .
tr	O	她的航班不到一小时前降落在华盛顿特区，并且太阳还没有升起。
tr	I	Trance music blasted from the speakers , and there was a DJ booth along one wall .
tr	I	He 's still at it , and came into the world with a vengeance , that boy did .
tr	O	詹姆斯走向帕特农神庙的中心，并且几英尺外，他开始发光。
tr	O	出现了十几个名字，并且每一个都必须去拜访。
tr	I	Betty had few answers but others had many questions .
tr	O	她看起来很压抑，但是因为她是啦啦队的赞助商，我肯定她觉得她必须在那里。
tr	I	A fair vision had visited him in this land of disease , and the dark shadow had passed .
tr	I	The air still smelled of the shower , and it had rained earlier in the day .
tr	O	他困惑地看着我，并且他跪了下来。
tr	O	他向她弯起了另一只手肘，并且阿尔玛把手滑到他的手臂上。
tr	I	My spear are broken and I think my bow .
tr	I	He threw his arms in the air , and Aeron 's exasperation reached a new high .
tr	I	Their hair darkened within the first five years , but infants were often brown with a white tuft of hair at the rump .
tr	I	She slowly exhaled , and her stomach settled down a few minutes later .
tr	O	我知道这个故事会如何发展，并且听着让我很痛苦。
tr	O	我想问他们发生了什么，但是如果我开口，他们就会联想到一起。
tr	O	当他打开它时，我踉跄后退并且胃里一沉。
tr	O	我听到锁滑动开来，并且门打开了。
tr	I	It wasn 't exactly in the front of my mind , but I can 't say I 'd forgotten about my Mum .
tr	O	我想加上一个不那么暴露的睡衣选择，但是我没有允许自己。
tr	O	情绪降低了他声音的音调，并且他的双手在我喉咙两侧缓缓下滑，进行着感性的爱抚。
tr	I	The window was wide open , and there was no one inside .
tr	I	I heard it wrong and maybe it was just a mistake .
tr	I	I were in a parking garage with those Rack demons that had wanted to play ball with our heads and I thought of the last time Roth .
tr	I	Relief flooded his features , and his posture relaxed .
tr	O	在去旅行者号的路上没有人多说话，并且汤普森先生偶尔换手提着詹妮的中型旅行箱。
tr	I	The seating under the tent filled to capacity and the breeze had started to cool off .
tr	O	就像他快饿死了，并且我是他最后一餐。
tr	I	That 's what mattered and she had slowed him down .
tr	O	他们在回来的路上接上了宙斯，并且他依偎在他们的脚边。
tr	O	我们又开始移动了，并且我仍然在咒骂那个闭眼的操作。
tr	I	There was enough for everyone , and they were fed .
tr	O	我不知道他是谁，但是我确实很喜欢看他。
tr	I	They stopped near the bar and the conversation was over .
tr	O	我一直都很快乐，但是我却从未体会过被爱所带来的那种强烈的满足感。
tr	I	I laughed for a short take , and Ken joked .
tr	O	他把目光转回到我的眼睛上，并且当他注意到我的眼泪时，他的身体放松了下来。
tr	O	它的体力耗尽了，并且身体瘫软地靠在了冰冷的石墙上。
tr	I	After tonight it 'll be seventeen , but so far we 've gotten up to sixteen .
tr	O	他们轻轻地把他抬到另一个房间，并且他们接着藏身于黎明前的黑暗中。
tr	O	那套西装很好看，但是赤裸着更好。
tr	I	Their families were closely connected and they had grown up together .
tr	O	草坪上散落着尸体，并且当太阳开始升起时，景象非常恐怖。
tr	I	The place still dripped with sweltering humidity , but a vent funneled heat to the outside .
tr	O	“明天见，”并且接着她就从后门消失了。
tr	O	她试图微笑，但是这份努力未能奏效。
tr	I	Her self-imposed Clay exile was nearing an end , and Tomorrow would be Saturday .
tr	O	汉克许下了许多承诺，并且当这些承诺没有兑现时，没人会指责他。
tr	I	I rested it against my husband 's shoulder , and my head felt heavy .
tr	I	I couldn 't protect them , and then I lost my powers .
tr	O	吉米不知道什么是预知能力，但是他放松了一点。
tr	I	It showed and their argument didn 't seem to be resolving itself .
tr	I	Her long hair is in my face and we 're spooning like a married couple .
tr	O	我感受到了我之前感受到的怒火，并且它被释放了出来。
tr	I	It was nothing like this , but last year was bad .
tr	O	她试图将他赶出脑海，但是无论她做什么，他的念头总在她脑海中萦绕。
tr	I	She was determined to learn from it and he 'd taught her a valuable lesson .
tr	O	我开始说出这一切，提出我需要答案的问题，但是妈妈在窗座上坐直了身子。
tr	O	她的味道就像他曾经需要的一切，并且他在她身上迷失自我时，发出了呻吟。
tr	I	Jason couldn 't do a damn thing about it and they were creeping her out .
tr	O	我注意到阿斯特把衬衫拉得更紧了一些，并且吉尔也正拉扯着他衬衫的下摆。
tr	O	我把她拉到身边，并且她靠在我身上。
tr	O	我不认为他有，但是我想要看到他的反应。
tr	I	He offered her a quick nod , and he did look at Henrietta though .
tr	O	麦克布莱德不认为他们被观察到了，但是他们的缺席稍后会被注意到。
tr	I	Her heels got her up to about five feet seven inches , but she was short , maybe only five feet four inches tall .
tr	O	没有说，但是那辆车被偷了。
tr	O	塞斯本应该是一个例外，因为尼尔已经和他住了好几个月了，但是尼尔从来没有喜欢过他。
tr	I	I like it , but I have no idea what he 's going to do .
tr	I	I jumped , and Lisbeth said .
tr	I	Beth could only imagine what he had seen during that time and he had served two military tours .
tr	O	他凑过来，在我锁骨上轻轻地亲吻着，并且我感到一股寒意从脊椎而下，不禁颤抖起来。
tr	O	他们几乎同时发射了昏迷咒，并且所有咒语都无害地从她身边弹开了。
tr	I	Sheila had early appointments in the morning and Charles seemed to be getting antsy .
tr	O	我催促她去找另一个人取代他的位置，但是她似乎对这个承诺不太高兴。
tr	O	如果其他地区有其他人存在，他们要么拥有生存技能，或者他们没有。
tr	O	这种感觉触动了他的大脑，但是他却抵抗着。
tr	O	受苦的是他，并且他只能怪自己。
tr	O	莫伸出了手，并且圣源在她的指关节上噼啪作响。
tr	I	He had to pretend not to notice , but her face often danced with a gentle smile when their eyes locked .
tr	I	Travis started speaking again in an effort to squash it and that thread of panic wormed its way back through him .
tr	I	The crashing of the waves echoed from the sides of the room , and the river was a torrent .
tr	I	I wouldn 't clap eyes on him , and he looked at me for a long time .
tr	O	杜鹃立刻开始感到不自在，但是她却拒绝动弹。
tr	O	我们回来了，并且他敲门了。
tr	I	Thick eyeliner rimmed her eyes , and her hair was piled high on her head .
tr	I	A moment before everyone is laughing with me but it doesn 't take .
tr	O	当汤姆把越野车挂入前进挡时，它发出嗡嗡声，并且不久之后，他们便行驶在积雪覆盖的道路上。
tr	O	意识到他必须进行损害控制，罗马走向房子，但是艾丽没有等他走到她身边。
tr	O	我承认我饿坏了，但是我很惊讶他的邀请。
tr	O	他的声音渐渐远去，并且我试图说话。
tr	O	她的日常工作是一系列的杂务，并且这足以让任何人感到疲惫。
tr	O	当然他们会窃窃私语，并且我从来听不清多少。
tr	O	他认为你已经有了你的机会，并且这是智力发展的一个自然转折点。
tr	O	我试图触及那些图像，但是那就像试图抓住空气。
tr	O	追逐结束了，并且他会赢。
tr	I	It made her anger rise , and she heard him behind her , chuckling at her reaction .
tr	I	I slid down slightly and he loosened his grip .
tr	I	He had been quite tired , and she had needed to do a few chores .
tr	I	I know there 're a lot of good people out there , but I don 't know if I 'm a good person , Milt .
tr	I	I hated myself for it and my body flared to life .
tr	O	我收到的邀请不多，并且当我收到时，它们通常更像是贺卡，而非水印。
tr	I	Marjorie knew him , so it had to be someone else , but the only gentleman who ever came to call was Mr. Roberts .
tr	I	They keep staring right back at me and I keep looking over at my children .
tr	I	Broad ribs were still visible , yet their chest rippled with muscle .
tr	I	His face turns into pity and he takes in my appearance .
tr	I	There wasn 't even anyone watching , and I was laughing , actually laughing .
tr	I	You nearly made me come , but I 'm not ready for anal sex .
tr	I	Rumor had him drinking heavily and while Tynan was an admirable man , he was old .
tr	I	Softly we begin to explore each other and she puts her lips to my lips .
tr	O	特里斯坦恍惚地走向森林边缘，并且我立刻上前挡住了他的去路。
tr	I	I shook and one look .
tr	I	The swagger is gone and any fake charm disappears .
tr	I	They walked across campus , and Zach took her by the hand .
tr	I	I put it off as long as possible , and I have to prepare for a hearing on Wednesday .
tr	I	There 's also everything outside you , and your mind is working out that there 's a you .
tr	I	When I 'm finished , a new reign shall begin , and you will all stand witness to the undoing of Hell .
tr	O	这不是什么高深的东西，我知道，但是我又能说什么呢？
tr	O	他把那个词说得面目全非，但是她的脚步停了下来。
tr	I	It 's at a shop owned by an old Korean lady and I followed her the other day .
tr	O	我眼角的余光看到蕾根在看着我们，但是我并不在乎。
tr	I	I feel the walls of the city are weak , but he has quite an advantage being able to see the enemy approaching from all sides .
tr	I	He 'll look like a conqueror but sure , my husband will be frowned upon for sleeping with a girl almost a third of his age .
tr	I	She confirmed it was correct and he read the address out to her .
tr	O	我感觉到女士们的目光从我身上移开，并且我身体放松了下来。
tr	I	He kicked a can of paint sitting on the floor and Color crept up Luke 's face .
tr	O	我想，雷耶斯，但是我害怕。
tr	O	她看不到，因为她的手藏在书后面，但是戒指正在闪烁。
tr	O	他因我的反应而捧腹大笑，并且我因克制而颤抖。
tr	O	他试图说服她去一个更好的地方，但是她每一步都在抵抗。
tr	O	埃德里克的杯子落在了桌上，并且他站了起来，边站边呻吟。
tr	I	She wasn 't sure what it was herself , but she wanted him to understand what he was getting into .
tr	I	This feels so wrong ... but I ' l do whatever I have to do to play bal for Alabama .
tr	I	Yet I smile when he strides into sight , And his stride will never be the longest length .
tr	I	The Russian lieutenant smiles , and the helmet cam streams his frightened expression back to the Russian command center .
tr	I	Bart sensed her claws were at the ready , but Sally gave Anne a cheerful smile .
tr	I	He grabbed her just the same , but even Mike raced towards her with such force she cringed away .
tr	I	He moves against me with greater force , and if anything , my desperate clutching only seems to spur him on .
tr	I	Claire didn 't think he was , but his head was down , as if he were concentrating on his music .
tr	I	Now they were about to leave that , and they 'd just settled into their Navy housing .
tr	O	他看着我，看到了我的想法，看到了我的力量，但是他似乎一点都不在意我所感受到的一切。
tr	I	I resisted , but I could almost feel Blake 's gaze boring into me , imploring me to look up .
tr	I	He makes no move to do so , but I wait , a little tense , a little unnerved , for him to undress me .
tr	I	Light spilled out into the hallway , and the double doors were thrown open .
tr	O	她知道泰丝是谁，并且泰丝知道乔是谁。
tr	I	There was no mistaking the dangerous glint in his eyes as he stood there staring back at her , but he didn 't respond .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to immediately kill me the way she wanted to and she let out a frustrated scream that I 'd stalled her initial attack .
tr	O	他的眼神变得理解，但是他的语气反映了他的担忧。
tr	I	The therapist in her knew better , but she ached to kiss him again .
tr	I	They slay them with ease like child 's play but more knights tried to stop them .
tr	O	她曾在镇上见过劳拉·莱利，而且劳拉是个美丽的女人。
tr	O	我对他翻了个白眼，但是我的内心却翻腾不已。
tr	O	我不知道我之前是否正确，但是我现在绝对是正确的。
tr	O	然后有人开车来了，并且那个侏儒让我走了。
tr	O	她的一部分想要走那条路，但是另一部分不让她走。
tr	I	Silence returned and the scouts passed by quickly .
tr	O	我抬头看着他，并且又一滴眼泪落在我的脸颊上。
tr	I	She didn 't even recognize the sound of her own voice , and she gasped .
tr	O	今晚到目前为止一切都很顺利，并且我不想做任何事情来破坏它。
tr	I	Sitting up in bed and there he finds his grandmother , fit as a fiddle .
tr	O	这让他想起了家，并且他感到他的紧张情绪得到了缓解。
tr	I	She may have been slightly relieved that she didn 't have to kill me right at the moment , and then Pam turned to Eric .
tr	I	My heart soared even higher and he looked hopeful that I would agree .
tr	O	没有必要拐弯抹角，并且我相信直接的方法通常是最好的。
tr	O	我甚至不记得有多少脏话从我嘴里说出来，但是我肯定已经创了纪录。
tr	I	We entered what appeared to be a dojo , and he parked the car .
tr	I	You never tried , and you never understood him .
tr	I	Now my life lies in pieces around me and he challenged me to go on this journey .
tr	O	我在被推搡时听到了一些谈话片段，并且我知道我不是唯一一个受到杰克逊表演影响的人。
tr	I	The snow had become quite deep , and we had been gone for hours .
tr	I	I 'm barely paying attention but his rheumy eyes are shrewd .
tr	I	Jack could bring it to him to have when he woke up , and all that mattered was the fact that Will had loved the toy .
tr	O	这足够无害，并且她很享受。
tr	O	我的袭击者勒紧了口塞，并且它咬进了我的皮肤，痛苦地扯着我的脸颊。
tr	I	I can 't really describe it , but they all smell different .
tr	I	Instead she got angry , but Chloe could have cried .
tr	O	这栋建筑一定移动了，或者有其他人来过这里。
tr	I	I felt his shoulder close to my head like an invitation and Noah shifted .
tr	I	He wasn 't confident , but Peregrine Pratt was wondering how his complement had gone down .
tr	O	他拒绝见她，然而他拒绝让她一个人。
tr	I	They were no longer there , but Alex turned to glare at the three men .
tr	O	她拿起桌上的文件，并且我按响了铃。
tr	O	她向我伸出手，并且我握住了它。
tr	I	Sometimes a wolf would howl somewhere out in the forest , and the night was peaceful with only an occasional bark from the dogs in the village .
tr	I	Xavier didn 't disappoint him , and Antonio ran to him , expecting a pat on the head .
tr	I	I can 't figure her angle , and this whole thing scans like some sort of elaborate test .
tr	I	He did as the witch asked , but Arron 's face contorted with rage .
tr	O	她用手指戳了一下，并且克莱瑞不情愿地看了一眼。
tr	O	她祖母傲慢的话语在我脑海中挥之不去，并且她爸爸眼中的痛苦一直困扰着我。
tr	O	也许他会走运，并且他们会决定放他走，而不是在这可怕的酷热中追捕他。
tr	O	我反而把手一动，好像要把刀放回刀鞘，但是我却没有把刀刃完全抽回。
tr	I	Beyond I 'm sure , and 91 - ' 99 .
tr	I	The aromas of the haute cuisine creations had hit her salivary glands and Hashem had raised the covers to show her the cookbook perfection below .
tr	O	我现在知道你是谁了，但是我却不知道事实。
tr	I	That delayed the train for two hours , and a heavy rain during the night resulted in a partial landslide in the hilly Lonavala .
tr	I	Others cause conflicting effects and some reinforce one another .
tr	I	There were sacks hanging from them in the middle and around the courtyard wooden poles had been nailed together .
tr	I	Her orders were as good as The Generals to Bolt , and she demanded .
tr	O	如果他走了，他就走了，但是至少他会带着真相离开。
tr	I	He wisely kept his head lowered , but he shuddered at the sensation of his skin being flayed from his flesh .
tr	I	The warm breeze brushed the ends of my hair against my bare arms , and I could sense each blade of grass underneath my hands .
tr	I	That was all the food they had unless they wanted to forage , and they 'd taken all the MREs they could carry from the ATV .
tr	O	这以前从未发生在她身上，但是她知道这是来自外部的源头。
tr	O	我跪了回去，并且他的头抽动了一下，歪向一边。
tr	I	You 're also a terrible dancer but you 're sweet .
tr	I	It made her tongue numb , but it was like cough syrup .
tr	O	窗户从未能稳定地保持几分钟以上，但是我却有能力让它们无限期地保持开启。
tr	I	I don 't care , but it costs most of my money .
tr	O	诚然没有太多，并且那可能是一件好事。
tr	I	I savored them all the more when they came , and there weren 't many pleasures at Mercy .
tr	I	What is left is strong , and it has bled .
tr	O	它是由助手厄尼打开的，并且我们乘坐电梯到了辅助生活层。
tr	I	I could feel every single sensation running through it and my body tightened up .
tr	I	Andy scampered over towards us and the guard was not paying any attention .
tr	I	I blinked at him , unsure of what he meant and my hand fell from his arm .
tr	I	It didn 't matter but the mattress was firm .
tr	O	飞机已在头顶，并且我感到一种我无法解释的恶心。
tr	O	我可能不知道如何挥剑，但是我可以像他们中最厉害的人一样用言语伤人。
tr	O	达米安仍然张着嘴站着，并且齐克正盘旋在我上方。
tr	O	一股能量冲击落在丹尼尔身上，并且他猛地向后一仰，仿佛被人打了一拳。
tr	I	Emma shrieked with laughter , and I swung her around .
tr	O	这简直是玛丽亚·凯莉最糟糕的演绎，但是在那一刻却是如此的正确。
tr	O	有时约翰逊太太会来家里找他，并且他希望尽可能地避开她。
tr	O	他的不适瞬间消失了，并且他又回去幸灾乐祸了。
tr	O	他想告诉她，是她在治愈他，并且他的枪伤也恢复得很好。
tr	O	更多的火焰，那些火焰甚至没有烧焦她的指尖，但是门却没有打开。
tr	O	他是自愿来的，并且我能看出他心中的怒气已经消散了。
tr	O	它让我觉得自己很重要，并且它让我不再想起爸爸。
tr	I	It still wouldn 't have been enough and he could have held her there forever .
tr	I	It is not you , but it is what you must do .
tr	I	At least they 'd know where to find his body , but if someone didn 't come soon he wouldn 't survive the day .
tr	O	那是一种他试图压抑的咆哮，但是它却拒绝被平息。
tr	O	她的开始移动了，并且她也跟着过去了。
tr	O	他转身想离开，但是杰克挡住了他的去路。
tr	I	He paid it no heed , but the cut in his side throbbed .
tr	O	朱莉抬头看着那个金发女人，并且她的面容因极度震惊而凝固。
tr	O	他仍然将他的能量注入她体内，但是这次，吻是温柔的。
tr	I	That cook certainly knew how to bake , but by God , they might be living at the back of nowhere !
tr	I	I was certain I recognized his voice , but I couldn 't see who was talking .
tr	I	I can hear the savage hatred in her voice , and Echo snaps .
tr	I	She pulled off to the side of the road and Emily cried out as the pain became almost unbearable .
tr	I	Even Travis looked surprised and Cammie 's eyes widened .
tr	I	It was Rhys who stood at my other shoulder , but I 'd expected Doyle to take his place at my back as well .
tr	O	那些力量确实降临在我们身上，但是我却是唯一知晓的。
tr	O	这笔贷款可能是免息的，但是我明白这一切带来了多大的压力。
tr	O	我的直觉告诉我风暴将至，并且我能想到的那种风暴，很可能意味着……嗯，我的终结。
tr	O	那本该是她听过的最好的三个字，但是她却惊慌失措了。
tr	O	艾伦用毯子盖住她，并且一旦他确定所有裸露的皮肤都被遮盖住，他就把她抱到车里。
tr	O	我抚平他额头上的头发，但是他全神贯注于那枚镍币，以至于似乎没有注意到我的触碰。
tr	O	他迎上萨拉的目光，并且她点头表示同意。
tr	I	They hadn 't lived in Rubicon Ranch long enough for it to become home , but she still had to honor the lease on the house .
tr	O	这只不过是低语，但是他简直像是喊出来的。
tr	I	Travis took off after him and Danny fled in a vehicle .
tr	O	我的手臂轻轻擦过我身旁的东西，并且我迅速看向床上隆起的那团。
tr	O	一只蚊子在他头顶嗡嗡作响，但是他懒得把它赶走。
tr	I	The only one who would end up hurt would be her , and she had gotten too close to him , too fast .
tr	O	我认为他是对的，但是杰里米脸上的表情却与我们相悖。
tr	O	我以前从未害怕过他，但是空气中的紧张气氛像闪电一样噼啪作响。
tr	I	There was no aggression in its stance anymore but the gun was still aimed in my directions .
tr	I	Paul gingerly placed the folder in it and Sullivan stretched out his hand .
tr	I	Two fucks in a row was unheard of , and she never cussed .
tr	I	The top lid was quickly removed and after five minutes a buzzer sounded .
tr	I	She hugged him from behind , and then she realized he 'd do it even if he did know .
tr	O	那个轻微的触碰帮助我稍稍缓解了恐惧，但是我们一进去他就放下了手。
tr	O	我笑了，并且他站了起来。
tr	O	他不会吻别她，这一点非常明显，但是她却极度希望情况并非如此。
tr	O	我绝不会说我爸爸是性别歧视者，但是他确实有雇佣其他年长的白人男性为他工作的倾向。
tr	O	没有车库，而且车道上目前也没有车。
tr	O	没有多少光线透过玻璃，但是它仍然是九十字路口我最喜欢的地方。
tr	O	他的眼睛闭着，并且她研究着他的脸。
tr	I	He specialized in getting kids hooked on the stuff , but the giant sold drugs , which was sleazy enough .
tr	I	With the other he fumbled for his popper ; and with one hand he dragged out the emergency repair pack .
tr	O	她坚定地点了点头，但是她的眼神中还有别的东西。
tr	I	Lisa was gone , but Kat searched .
tr	O	我的眼皮垂了下来，并且我的心跳停止了。
tr	O	我的头发在过来的时候被好好地浸湿了，而且现在我的眉毛毛囊处有潜在的水滴形成。
tr	O	我赶紧去上我的第一节课，英语，并且我终于意识到他要离开了。
tr	I	I see a flash of amusement in her dark blue eyes and our eyes meet .
tr	O	然后歌声停止了，并且我的手机屏幕变黑了。
tr	I	My father would deal with them in his usual way or they would either get in line .
tr	O	我的任务不是伤害她，但是我将带走她的客户。
tr	I	They would finally accept it and maybe if they did that , she could then sit down with them , explain Hector 's offer of help .
tr	O	这并不能解决所有问题，但是也许它能让事情变得更好。
tr	O	我感到羞耻感在食物后面从喉咙里涌上来，并且我打了他胸口。
tr	O	他不会有答案的，但是我 Knew 他能减轻疑虑、恐惧以及在我腹中滋生的蠕动着的恐怖。
tr	I	Her eyes glowed , and her skin flushed prettily .
tr	I	This didn 't seem like a good sign but I didn 't know for certain .
tr	I	It left his green eyes cautious , almost hurt but he smiled at her .
tr	I	The orgasm slammed into me and he thrust to the hilt .
tr	I	Our dry goods had been fully exhausted , but with our morning hike , I had worked up a significant hunger .
tr	O	失败对他打击很大，但是他能很好地处理它们。
tr	I	It was Rory who had given him new life , and Cain was reborn .
tr	O	她的关节酸痛，并且她的眼睛像发烧一样灼痛。
tr	I	This time it was different , but Liz started to cry again .
tr	O	她应该立刻跑开，但是她被吓得僵住了。
tr	I	He doesn 't know they 've entered and they 're quite a distance away from Timothy .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but it was over .
tr	I	I couldn 't really remember why it had been meaningful , but I remembered why we fought .
tr	O	当我蹒跚地走过雪地时，颤抖减轻了，并且我真的感觉自己能呼吸了。
tr	I	It was locked , but the guard tried to open the door .
tr	O	咖啡杯空了，并且他仍然没有回到客厅。
tr	I	I just chicken out , but there had been a couple of times when Jayden is around .
tr	O	我看到其中一个人把一支烟递给另一个人，并且我猛吸了一口气。
tr	I	I wasn 't hurting anyone , but I 've done things in the past that maybe weren 't the right thing to do .
tr	I	Art directed us around the side of the house , and the two men exchanged nods of greeting .
tr	I	I pull Skyla in close before burying a kiss in her neck , and in the morning a seam of intrusive light cuts through the windows .
tr	O	汤姆一动不动地站着，屏住呼吸，祈祷灯能像以前一样再次亮起来，但是什么也没发生。
tr	O	我对她勉强挤出了一个微笑，但是我无法摆脱我挥之不去的愧疚感。
tr	I	I didn 't have a say in it and I guess the outcome was going to be what it should be .
tr	I	His fangs had extended at the taste of blood , even his own , and I could clearly see that it was still bleeding .
tr	I	I cannot blame you for that if what you say is true , and I know you disliked the man .
tr	O	蕾娜吻过不少男人，但是她从未体验过这样的感觉。
tr	O	她的右手很虚弱，但是她仍然能做到。
tr	O	斯宾塞把嘴凑到我耳边，并且我的内脏因意外的咬噬而紧缩。
tr	I	I will kill every Mog that dares stand in my way and we will break out of here .
tr	I	I knew it was Calvin , and one seemed stronger , closer than the others .
tr	O	他张开嘴想说什么，但是门上传来了敲门声。
tr	O	艾莉森瞥了我一眼，并且我向她点头。
tr	I	Once reaching it looks inside and Lisa frowns , walks unsteadily toward the chamber .
tr	O	这床可没那么配合，并且他站起来完成任务。
tr	O	他们进了城，并且尽管安娜知道希望渺茫，她还是去邮局查了查。
tr	I	She 'd be ready to wash the floors and one more closet to organize .
tr	O	一位美丽的女人应门，并且她的笑容富有感染力，立刻让我感到放松。
tr	O	他对我露出一抹傲慢的笑容，并且我翻了个白眼。
tr	I	The last thing on his mind had been stopping to put on a condom and he 'd been a guy .
tr	I	She won 't need oxygen and her lungs are fully developed .
tr	I	It hurt , but I smiled .
tr	O	我的嘴张开了，因为我本想准备发出另一声不屑的笑，但是声音卡在了我的喉咙里。
tr	O	感谢您一直以来的支持，并且SOS真诚地希望您的约会需求最终能得到满足。
tr	I	You know it , sweet thang and I can kick some serious booty .
tr	I	I darted another glance at Daniel and Maggie said .
tr	O	她开始平静下来，但是他却没有松手。
tr	I	She was sure she did something wrong when she just wanted to make him come and she saw the intense look in his eye .
tr	I	I would feel whole and a couple more steps .
tr	O	当然，两者都能带你到想去的地方，但是乘坐体验却截然不同。
tr	I	She shoved his chest and Akan 's face fell .
tr	I	She used her leg hooked over his hip to pull him in even closer and his rough stubble scraped at her in the most delicious way .
tr	I	I hadn 't even known it , and he had been walking behind me .
tr	O	她的神经已濒临崩溃，并且她随时可能爆发。
tr	O	切尔西的目光依然停在他身上，而且他感到不安地扭动了一下。
tr	I	Any amount of time spent in his company was too long , but she had no idea how long this would take .
tr	I	I quickly scrolled through the SOS message , and the bell rang .
tr	O	我想永远迷失下去，但是很快我就感觉到他抽身而去。
tr	O	最终他们还是举办了盛大的招待会，而且我不得不说那真是太棒了。
tr	O	我的眼睛仍然睁着，但是我什么也看不见。
tr	O	那律动的涌动如雷鸣般穿过她的身体，并且她一声喊叫，便任由自己沉浸其中。
tr	I	He turned his attention to the other and his mouth finally released one peak .
tr	O	我转而打量他们每个人，在心里记下他们昂贵的衣服、名牌配饰、完美发型和浓妆艳抹的脸。
tr	O	他们在寂静的夜晚呼吸声显得粗重刺耳，但是诺埃尔却毫不在意。
tr	O	我问他怎么了，但是他却什么都不肯告诉我。
tr	O	门开了，并且安德鲁走了进来。
tr	I	She could not break it , but once the elders were gone , Sapphire tugged at the eel skin rope that bound her to the stone .
tr	I	They were not helping , and I was going certifiable .
tr	I	This place looks familiar and there aren 't many yards with boxes in them .
tr	I	I only passed a couple as I trudged back to guest housing , and even the guardians had light patrols this time of the day .
tr	I	A few wards were already being evacuated due to pressure failure , but Workers were trying to do what they could to fix it .
tr	O	玛德琳已经打了好几次电话，而且她越来越坚持让他来蒙大拿州拜访。
tr	O	丹尼尔抗议被排除在外，但是希瑟根本不听他的辩解。
tr	I	Victory appeared to belong to us , and the battle appeared to be over .
tr	O	我努力保持冷静，以便能听他说完，但是我却想打断他大吼。
tr	O	希娅努力吞咽，但是很疼。
tr	I	The potential to misuse it is overwhelming , and it is something that should not be possible .
tr	O	大家都知道，但是没关系。
tr	O	它很快变成了一种有节奏的动作，并且他无法将目光从上面移开。
tr	I	He hadn 't mentioned anything about leaving , but she 'd heard the drone of his voice in the other room while she was reading to Brianna .
tr	I	I heard her words perfectly clearly , yet indeed , her mouth never moved .
tr	I	I had to look at him and he dipped his beautiful head until he was in my line of sight .
tr	I	I could smell his rotting flesh , and he was close , nearly right on top of me .
tr	O	狭小的房间开始旋转，并且我的胃因尴尬而翻腾。
tr	O	肯定会有人看到他，并且维丽蒂也会陷入困境。
tr	O	她因疼痛而退缩，但是她的握力没有减弱。
tr	I	It had still broken the skin but her boot is protecting her .
tr	I	She needed them down , but his windows were up .
tr	I	I thought we had time , but I should have laid it out to her .
tr	I	I didn 't have time to puzzle over it , but I didn 't know what the deal was with this room .
tr	I	Belinda didn 't want to give her friend false hope , but Pia was a true romantic .
tr	I	Tania noticed it , and Lea prepared for a third Spear Strike .
tr	I	When I finally look up again , he exhales , and he stops talking .
tr	I	Dana was Shawn 's legal godmother and their mothers were very close friends .
tr	I	The answer was clear , but I had two choices .
tr	I	I knew better than to interfere again , but Gareth looked strung out to the max .
tr	I	This time it stopped in front of her , but the flash of white came again .
tr	I	She wasn 't really paying attention to that part , but on an intellectual level , it was an intriguing physical reaction .
tr	O	她的右手挥出，几乎像是要掌掴那位高大得多的导演，但是乔尔·帕克·布鲁克斯反应迅速。
tr	I	I know it must have hurt that she didn 't have any family there , but I turned to Tracy who tried to act happy .
tr	O	一名女刺客试图干掉她，并且奇怪的是，枪手正在到处提起你的名字。
tr	O	他的眼睛因泪水而刺痛，并且他任由一滴泪水滑落脸颊。
tr	I	I noticed , but I heard the hard edge in Jericho 's voice though , it was faint .
tr	I	It dimmed as his eyes adjusted , but the light seemed blinding at first .
tr	I	His voice softened to appeal and he paused .
tr	O	科迪像一株得到充分浇灌的植物一样茁壮成长着，而且我怀疑到圣诞节时他需要大一码的牛仔裤。
tr	I	An anxious tingle seared her nerves , and he took a step toward her .
tr	I	We started walking forward and I stared straight ahead .
tr	I	You didn 't give a damn about me , but I hate that I loved you so much .
tr	I	I guess I never really was , but I always felt so alone .
tr	I	The dogs were tired and it was not easy going .
tr	I	Those damn wedding photos , and she was too tempting ?
tr	O	待在这里，并且我会雇一辆马车送我们回家。
tr	I	His wife could read him easier than the numbers in her dive computer , but Verne tried to sound easy .
tr	I	It 's how it 's been for weeks , but the silence of the house is depressingly familiar .
tr	O	因为是春天，他只好将就着进行一些索然无味的火鸡射击，但是他们会在秋天重新预订鹿季。
tr	O	嗯，它是，但是它也不是。
tr	I	He wouldn 't leave his sour mood behind , but I tried getting him to help me with Stone .
tr	O	她不确定发生了什么，但是她知道那不是好事。
tr	I	His eyes never wavered from his opponent , yet the crowd , it felt like on both sides , was cheering at him .
tr	I	I could buy a new house , and I would get the insurance money .
tr	I	It wasn 't unhappy , either , but her marriage wasn 't particularly happy .
tr	I	She still wavered on her feet , but as they finally emerged from underneath the bleachers , Balthazar lowered her so that she could stand .
tr	I	I 'm having what she 's having and I am that woman on the stage .
tr	O	痛苦笼罩着他的面容，并且他紧抓着我的手臂。
tr	I	It may be tomorrow , or he may wake up at any time .
tr	I	I don 't doubt this guy for a second , but it 's crazy .
tr	O	他父亲的投资也处于低迷状态，但是有一笔足以让他的银行账户保持盈利的股息流。
tr	O	我们吻别，并且我跟着她出了停车场，小心不要挤到她雅阁的后保险杠。
tr	O	梅兰妮知道她听起来像个笨蛋，但是她的嘴巴却不听使唤。
tr	I	It wasn 't lustful either , but it wasn 't chaste .
tr	O	他手中的武器没有晃动，并且正对着她的头。
tr	I	They slipped off into his hands and my eyes closed when he pulled the bands holding both braids .
tr	I	No one would understand , but Father was the next best thing to Mother .
tr	O	我可以把居住舱的温度降到1摄氏度，并且它们会几乎冬眠。
tr	O	他没有死，但是她能看出他不是在正常睡眠状态。
tr	I	Perhaps he was over-reacting , but the thought frightened him .
tr	I	If a child got shot because of her , she 'd never be able to forgive herself , but she didn 't want to die .
tr	O	现在他只想一个人呆着，并且塔拉是他最不想见到的人。
tr	I	The prospect still wasn 't a great one , but she didn 't seem that bad .
tr	I	I will tell you the truth and something like , Ask me .
tr	I	My absence didn 't seem to bother Daniel , and I just wanted to be alone for a while .
tr	O	她的对手勉强挡住了它，但是这让她失去了平衡。
tr	O	她翻了个白眼，并且她手臂上的轻微张力松弛了。
tr	I	No doubt Isaac could , but she muttered something under her breath Sabrina couldn 't make out .
tr	O	幸好罗马不能读心，否则她的想法一定会让他泄气。
tr	O	米里亚姆焦急地等待着，但是梦想家却不慌不忙。
tr	I	Us being invited to the party and I remember being at the dance .
tr	I	They knew , but nobody said it out loud .
tr	O	他们俩现在都是应届毕业生，并且在埃德蒙顿追求他们的专业写作目标。
tr	I	Kate decided to find a quiet corner on the balcony and everyone was having a great time .
tr	I	He could not remember anything other than this trailer , but maybe outside somewhere , he thought .
tr	O	他不停地摆弄着餐具，而且我短暂地担心他是否会把刀扔向我的胸口。
tr	I	He didn 't have to hear it to know it was bad , but he couldn 't hear what was being said on the other end .
tr	I	There was no outward sign that he was angry about the appearance of his new wife 's son , but the sheriff ground his jaw together .
tr	I	Hank was lying on the east bar , looking up at the ceiling , and Queen was playing over the speakers when I walked in .
tr	I	Her mind had soared to the heavens , and her body had hummed with pleasure .
tr	I	They are very tasty , but it 's a shame .
tr	O	我根本不是什么社工，但是这一点显而易见。
tr	I	It wasn 't like I felt like going , and I hadn 't been out in so long .
tr	O	窗户被厚厚地染黑了，而且只能看到模糊的形状。
tr	O	达斯基甩着头，抗拒着火焰，但是她坚持让他前进。
tr	I	The pain was excruciating and something broke inside her .
tr	O	塞缪尔看着她，并且尽管他的表情没有改变，他的声音还是稍微柔和了一些。
tr	I	I transformed into a big drunken sod and I 'm supposed to oversee your sobriety .
tr	I	You stumble around like a dimwit and great , the first good-looking man you meet .
tr	O	他的态度伤人，但是我坚持前行。
tr	I	The television stopped making sense decades ago and I cannot watch the news .
tr	O	露很累，但是她也很震惊。
tr	I	One he felt good about , and he had a direction now .
tr	O	布鲁德肯定射杀了我，而且我已经死了！
tr	I	They stayed there for some time , too spent to move , but the shower was hot on their bodies after the cool rain .
tr	O	他咬紧牙关，但是他最终点了点头。
tr	O	他无法知道这是否会显得像是被安排的，但是这是他们唯一可以冒险的选择。
tr	I	It wasn 't just from arousal , and her heart pounded inside her chest .
tr	I	I 'd known all along how this would end when he found out about us , but Carrie might not realize it .
tr	O	我认为他不会希望我在那里，但是如果我能的话，我也不会留下。
tr	O	最初你只要能触碰到球就满足了，但是现在你已经进入了“痴迷”的领域。
tr	I	There was a faint green light coming from under her door , but her house was dark .
tr	I	We walked over to our building and we both looked back in front of ourselves .
tr	O	他有时只是有点激动，但是他之后总是真心抱歉。
tr	I	He began pausing frequently , raising his hand for the column to halt , and even the sergeant had a twitchy air about him .
tr	O	我站了起来，并且她的眼睛从他转向了我。
tr	I	His arms are thick with muscles from forging , and he 's tall , taller than Daddy .
tr	I	Angus was heading north and my sister was missing ?
tr	O	他的头发更长了，而且他看起来自从上次她见到他以来，似乎增加了一些肌肉。
tr	I	The parents are on it ... or he 's either stealing the ship first .
tr	I	That 's very hard for me to do when you 're close and I needed to think .
tr	I	Their bodies hit the pavement and Blood bloomed on their chests .
tr	I	The rest of them stood with him , in unison , and Thomas stood up .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell what it was but that 's when I noticed Ali running towards us with something in his hand .
tr	O	她的不成熟显露无疑，但是他并不在意。
tr	I	Crackling light struck his shoulder , knifing through bone , tendon , nerve -- and Tristan strode past the nearest pole .
tr	O	他的声音回荡着，并且整个洞穴的头都转了过来。
tr	O	我已经刊登了广告，要求任何对遗产有主张的人站出来，并且到目前为止没有人这样做。
tr	O	我们玩得很开心，但是我们甚至不能牵手。
tr	I	I 'm not going to deny myself her any longer and she 's finally admitting to me with her body that she wants this .
tr	I	I was left with blackness and my eyes closed .
tr	I	The guy pulled your employment file and those Texans waved some bills around .
tr	O	他的眼神也流露出欲望，并且那吓坏了她，甚至比知道他爱她更甚。
tr	I	Her sister looked at the food in Medea 's hand with a disapproving expression , but she asked Electra .
tr	O	他停下来喘口气，并且衡量我的反应。
tr	O	议会大厅的门开了，但是几乎没有人注意到。
tr	I	That protection was the only nicety I got from him , but he 'd be doing so to protect his own interests .
tr	O	他再次按下了按钮，并且一张熟悉的幻灯片弹了出来。
tr	I	Then her slate would truly be clean , and she had one more item on her checklist to clear up .
tr	O	没有记忆的她，是一片叶子，被卷入梦境的旋涡中，但是她很快就会落到地上。
tr	I	I won 't , but you might remember .
tr	I	The response was already decided , but this was the dreaded scenario .
tr	I	His breath came out as a sigh of pleasure , and she slid her hand along his growing arousal then .
tr	I	He certainly shouldn 't find out from her , but he wasn 't supposed to know at all .
tr	I	I tried to ignore it , and I felt a drop of sweat running down my face , tickling my cheek .
tr	O	精神上的创伤可能会结痂，但是它们永远不会完全愈合。
tr	O	我已经再次想要你，但是你无法承受。
tr	I	I was glad for my breezy outfit choice and it was already getting warm .
tr	O	他们没有说话，并且他们的形体只是模糊地凝聚着，这向我表明这些是更古老的灵魂。
tr	I	Now , even the brief one in Florida did , too , and that life in Michigan seemed like an eternity ago .
tr	I	She had no idea how long it would be until moonrise , and Night was falling .
tr	O	她的一些愿望已经实现，并且有些，比如巴黎之旅，以意想不到的方式发生了。
tr	I	The High Lord would be waiting for him ... and he would end up in the Dark Realm .
tr	O	国际媒体中的一些人不相信这一点，但是这并不重要。
tr	I	He just turned slightly , deferring the situation to me , but I waited to see how Callum would respond .
tr	O	只要有足够的时间，他或许能修好电线，但是他永远也无法让那该死的东西飞起来。
tr	I	It did the trick and Stephanie had sent the latest information to Eva Roberts .
tr	I	His skin was bare against hers , and he had stripped off his glove .
tr	I	His fingers were flying across the keyboard and Avery was glaring at the computer screen .
tr	I	I could feel my throat beginning to grow dry , and my head was buzzing .
tr	I	Esmeralda jumped onto him , trying to punch him in the face , and Billy fell over hard .
tr	I	Jackie could feel the cloud of warmth they generated , and two more men had joined them .
tr	I	Our supplies are getting low , and we 've been some time on the road .
tr	I	It would not cooperate , but I willed my hand to move , to do something .
tr	I	She sighed through her nose , and the tightness in her stomach abated .
tr	I	I can say that but there may not be much I can say about my ' death , ' .
tr	O	他们每次都叫我离开，并且我离开了。
tr	I	She smiled and she did .
tr	O	妮可告诉我更多关于米兰达的事情，她们一起长大的点点滴滴，并且即使我与她一同欢笑，我仍然心生嫉妒。
tr	I	Bridle I carried and he looked at my riding habit , then the saddle .
tr	I	His mouth was covered with my blood and his ruby eyes glazed down at me .
tr	I	She was back to her window facing posture and I got in after using the restroom myself .
tr	I	Manuel entered the closest one , and there were six square tunnels .
tr	O	这是他不喜欢使用的一种能力，但是它确实偶尔能派上用场。
tr	O	比赛还有好几个小时才开始，但是她首先有一千件事要做。
tr	I	Then he looked away as though ashamed , but Mr. Mercer looked stern for a moment , like he might chastise her .
tr	O	短暂的沉默过去了，并且接着我们听到了查理闷闷的鼾声。
tr	O	通常当我感到这样时，我会做爱做到昏过去，但是我做不到那样。
tr	I	He was playing Tetris on his new Gameboy and Dale had his head in my lap .
tr	I	An ache had developed low in his gut , but Spence Jax grinned .
tr	I	When he came out , he was an entirely different man , and he locked himself in his room for about six months .
tr	O	我也怀疑她确实如此，但是那个眼神本身是想表明她根本没放在心上。
tr	O	他比她第一次遇见他时老了许多，但是他仍然有着那双同样善良、悲伤的眼睛。
tr	O	它仍然离得很远，但是它正在靠近。
tr	O	我打开了门，并且我撒了谎。
tr	O	两名身穿深红色制服的高大卫兵在她身后，带着长长的带鞘的剑，以及别在他们腰带上的手枪。
tr	I	The Ottoman officials actually applauded , and it was quite moving , in the end .
tr	O	佐伊没有详述，但是赛琳娜能听出她语气中的疑虑。
tr	I	Then you passed out , and they wanted to check to make sure nothing was broken .
tr	O	最糟糕的时候，它将恐怖化为美，然而最好的时候，它则是一个时代的写照。
tr	O	他试图接受这个孩子，但是他却以一种警惕的态度对待她，仿佛害怕触碰她。
tr	I	I should have been , but I wasn 't shaking .
tr	I	He knew that he was lucky to have a job at all , and it wasn 't that bad , really .
tr	I	It had been the only way to survive in his mother 's environment but becoming self-sufficient had not been an easy journey .
tr	O	调情就像泰的自然交流方式，然而最近他却越来越不爱参与其中了。
tr	O	我是一个赌徒，并且我知道没有保证。
tr	O	人类主力舰的形状像橄榄球，但是它们的表面远非光滑。
tr	I	He couldn 't retreat , particularly in front of his wife , but the old captain must have known that the odds were against him .
tr	O	他的眼睛闭了一个小时，也许两个小时，但是他不确定自己是否真的睡着了。
tr	O	我猜这就是为什么日本人以时尚著称，并且我只希望我不会因为穿得太随意而显得格格不入。
tr	O	街上因雪而湿滑，并且他差点摔倒了好几次。
tr	I	Zook did not heed her expression , but she looked confused at the accusation .
tr	I	He didn 't like what he saw , and the loss made him look at his own life , too .
tr	O	我的目光又回到了她的眼睛上，但是它们无法在那里停留太久。
tr	I	Suddenly the door creaked open , and I heard the movement inside .
tr	O	他解开了她衬衫的纽扣，并且他的手摸到了她柔软的乳房。
tr	I	Her eyelashes fall as she wilts into the comfort of his powerful , yet gentle embrace and a soft breath releases from her parted lips .
tr	I	She nodded and her hand flew to her mouth .
tr	O	这花了一年，但是我们最终又成为了朋友。
tr	O	火柴燃起了，并且他点亮了最近的蜡烛。
tr	O	本吉帮我收集前一天的衣服，并且我们在后面的洗脸盆里用手搓洗它们。
tr	I	Before I can check the neckline of my blouse , I realize he 's walking towards me and his leather shoes turn in my direction .
tr	O	我仍然很受伤，而且现在我正在利用德米特里让我感觉好起来。
tr	O	我的化学实验伙伴走过来了，并且我犹豫地拍了拍她的肩膀，叫着她的名字。
tr	O	她的嘴巴张开了，并且她一直盯着我，直到咯噔一声合上。
tr	I	He is sending for one of our greatest healers , and I contacted Darius last night .
tr	O	前门已经被挖出来了，但是它现在又被更多的雪覆盖了。
tr	I	He let go of my wrist , and his lips curved knowingly against mine .
tr	I	Kait was finishing up the story of their flight from the Institute , and fifteen minutes later they were all seated around the big kitchen table .
tr	I	Jack bounced in his seat like a toddler , but Alex looked as if he 'd rather spend the day at the dentist .
tr	I	It returned as she jogged , but the nausea had diminished while she was hopping .
tr	O	我认为她穿得不够暖和，但是我什么也没说。
tr	O	我怀疑他比你我加起来都更有街头智慧。
tr	O	她还没有告诉她的朋友们关于乔丹的事情，但是也许她应该。
tr	I	It was only a scratch , but I cleaned the blood off my arm in the bathroom .
tr	I	I hate myself a little more than usual for bringing up his name , and Hanna 's whole body flinches at the mention of her unrequited love .
tr	I	That 's only because I don 't put myself out there , but this is the first time it 's happened to me .
tr	O	伊桑给了艾玛一个怀疑的眼神，并且她把下唇收进了嘴里。
tr	I	Once again she thought , Dakota , and once again the boy 's face appeared before her .
tr	O	我希望随着时间的推移它能学会弥补，或者她会认为我很笨，无法处理来自一个以上来源的信息。
tr	O	他的怀疑得到了证实，并且他产生了兴趣。
tr	O	格温多琳脸上掠过一丝惊喜，但是她没有感到任何恐惧。
tr	I	That type of gesture had to kill his soul , and Noah 's a proud guy .
tr	I	Still , he felt weird without them , but it was to help him blend in with the human world .
tr	I	I wasn 't even sure what it was , and I didn 't want any part of that .
tr	O	这是一个不值得考虑的坏主意，但是我不想就这样走开。
tr	I	You 'll be all right when the others get here , and he wanted to say , Be quiet .
tr	I	Her eyes opened as the group drew near , but at first , Dennis thought that she was asleep .
tr	O	是的，我们以前多次睡过同一张床，但是那总是在性行为之后。
tr	O	王子看到帝国军队动摇了，并且接着为了重整旗鼓而战术性撤退。
tr	O	门开了，并且弗雷迪走了出来。
tr	I	No words came out but his mouth was open .
tr	O	一份报纸的日期是三十年前的，但是她没有检查其他的报纸。
tr	I	He gave me another toothy grin , and I quickly clicked the belt into place .
tr	O	我看着她的脸，而且她的眼睛睁得太大了，呼吸也不对劲。
tr	I	He respected him , but he may not agree with his father 's philosophy .
tr	O	告诉我军需官的仓库里有持续的小偷小摸，但是他们无法确定具体是谁。
tr	I	Please make your notes colorful and I have examples on the worksheets - oh , .
tr	O	我不知道，但是他的眼睛是睁开的！
tr	O	莉兹努力工作，愿上帝保佑她，但是她搞砸了她得到的所有工作。
tr	I	Alex drove it back to the church , and they had come to the site in Jenny 's car .
tr	I	A volley of bullets tore up the outside of the building and a rifle fired .
tr	O	他认为要得到他想要的东西至少要花五倍的钱，但是以低价开始竞标是明智的。
tr	I	It was all she had , but as excuses went , this one was thinner than paper .
tr	I	It was too late , but Bea yelled .
tr	O	他抬手摸了摸我的脸颊，而且我让他轻轻地摸。
tr	O	所以他们会控制住他们的主要狂热分子，但是那不保证不会有人做任何蠢事。
tr	O	他和她父亲是如此不同，然而他们的合作却进展得如此顺利。
tr	O	他放慢了骑行，感觉自己更像某个间谍，并且准备好见到他妈妈。
tr	O	迄今为止还没有德夫林的迹象，但是知道他有多狡猾，他不敢冒险。
tr	I	He knew where the guards were posted and Logan knew the way to the room .
tr	O	病原体被清除，并且共生细菌被允许生长。
tr	O	知道自己帮助了别人是件有意义的事，但是这不足以满足他内心的需求。
tr	O	他知道安妮是他的真命天女，但是那种程度的承诺让他心头一紧。
tr	I	He didn 't know where to look , and now Diego 's tunnel vision was gone .
tr	O	我现在无法呼吸，并且我将臀部抵向他摇摆。
tr	O	他感到一阵困意袭来，并且他靠在作为挡风墙的石堆上。
tr	O	他假装调整靴子而弯下身，并且塞蕾娜看到一把小匕首在阳光下闪烁。
tr	O	她金色的头发散落在枕头上，并且一道又大又带血的肿痕横贯她的额头。
tr	O	他们自由了，并且他们很生气。
tr	I	Kellan 's hackles rose at the sight of the guy , but he wasn 't looking at Kellan when he said it .
tr	O	她倒是享受他的陪伴，并且他让她感到安全。
tr	O	他的眼睛慢慢地、懒洋洋地睁开，并且他笑了。
tr	O	洛基继续说，并且我叹了口气。
tr	I	I thought I caught a hint of uncertainty and both of their faces were impassive .
tr	O	穆勒夫人左边的眉毛扬了起来，并且她严肃地盯着我。
tr	I	I cleared my throat , and Bill glared at me .
tr	I	I did not attempt to cushion the blow , but he had a hurt expression on his face .
tr	I	I wouldn 't know she 'd planned to come , and sometimes she 'd just be there .
tr	O	他听起来像是在和一个特别迟钝的孩子说话，并且我给了他一个白眼。
tr	I	They were sure doing a lot of quiet talking , but you couldn 't have accused them of listening , exactly .
tr	I	Within the dream he 'd been terrified , but it should have been erotic .
tr	O	我认为在你失控之前，你和她有机会认真发展，而且现在她在寻找别的东西了。
tr	O	这是一个悲伤的选择，但是不幸的是，这就是现实。
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting the glow , but I was checking to see if he 'd made a mess of himself while he worked .
tr	I	Everybody thought then that each new storm would surely be the last , and they were still new , abnormal .
tr	O	他知道她会回来治愈他，并且他也没有试图深入她的内心。
tr	I	He said he would , but Ken didn 't like her tone .
tr	O	她结巴了，并且在随之而来的不舒服的沉默中扭动着。
tr	I	After about thirty minutes I was bored to death , but he left me at an outdoor café .
tr	I	He was flicking my rage switch with his bony finger , but yeah , that was a messed up thing to say .
tr	I	He only talked to me when he had to , and he still wasn 't acting normal .
tr	I	It was far too strong , but Millie tried to fend off the black suit .
tr	I	For a moment , I wondered if the breeze had been real , and a paper rattled on the far counter .
tr	I	She noticed a few others were , too , all of them likely aware of what Dr. DeMarco had done to her and Corrado watched her apprehensively .
tr	I	A real battle might very well take place with council , but I would have to skip my practice battles with Jacob .
tr	I	I also know I shouldn 't , but because I do really like her .
tr	I	The fraction of an instant has passed , and the king of thieves ' eyelid completes its descent .
tr	O	他会留下一些疤痕，但是我把针脚缝得很小。
tr	O	我想再踢他一脚，但是我没有。
tr	I	Another brushed along the right side of his nose like a pale smear , and one yellowish streak ringed his left eye .
tr	O	她朝里面走了一步，但是我还不能让她走。
tr	I	Furthermore it didn 't matter and she didn 't .
tr	I	She hadn 't said no , but Kylie hadn 't said yes .
tr	I	No doubt her bloodless fingers would give in soon , and her knuckles were white .
tr	O	量子纠缠和PPT共振所归因的特性之间的重叠似乎很广泛。
tr	O	在我打消念头之前，我已完全打开了小册子，并且里面的内容直盯着我。
tr	I	He remembered it but Flattery could not recall who had voiced the warning .
tr	I	Andrew is on Jonathan and before I can take a breath , the door bursts open .
tr	O	他们的膝盖几乎近得能碰在一起，并且她能感觉到他的热量向她散发。
tr	O	指挥官拒绝让小琼斯靠近任何飞机，并且这搞砸了任何廉价飞行课程的机会。
tr	I	His body relaxed and Ryan 's eyes softened .
tr	O	天气发生了巨大的变化，并且天气开始变得相当暖和。
tr	O	塔比莎认为事情不会变得更糟，但是他的话证明她错了。
tr	O	这一天令人筋疲力尽，并且她很快就进入了一种闷热不安的睡眠。
tr	O	世界已向野兽敞开了大门，并且它计划充分利用。
tr	I	He had permission to play on it and there was a court here .
tr	O	乔呻吟了一声，并且其他人哄堂大笑，随即一场奚落便开始了。
tr	O	我凑过去亲吻她的嘴唇，但是她却向后仰了过去。
tr	O	那个家伙浑身都写着麻烦，然而我却表现得像个发情的青春期少年，无法控制自己的荷尔蒙。
tr	I	It just angered him more , and it felt like ... shame .
tr	O	我所需要的只是让他暂时远离，只要时间足够长，这样我们都能离开这里，或者他会感到厌倦。
tr	I	Julia tugged on his hand , and Gio made a sound deep in his chest .
tr	I	I can 't , but I really should tell her I 'm not asleep .
tr	I	The horse began to lope around him and Tony raised his arm above his head .
tr	I	I grinned back , and that simple endearment sent another , very different shock through me .
tr	I	I hoped I could win them over , but some of the seniors weren 't happy .
tr	I	I was okay with that , but I was being selfish .
tr	I	The scientists arranged an emergency meeting and there was little time left .
tr	O	至少他理解了，但是我没有时间顾及这些。
tr	I	There was something not quite right about that , but at first glance , she looked the very model of a professional woman .
tr	O	他年轻时总是和她分享，但是他对自己的巧克力却相当占有欲强。
tr	I	She insisted , but it seemed a crime to put a backpack on Bonnie .
tr	I	K realized how loud Shea had become and he looked scared .
tr	I	He was willing to try , to learn , but he didn 't know how to touch her to bring her release .
tr	O	这个威胁听起来是字面意思，但是不可能。
tr	I	He 'd liked the idea of having them both in the same location , and the girls hadn 't wanted to be parted .
tr	I	Waited with her hands folded on her knees , and she sat , careful to brush the dust from the stone steps before lowering herself onto them .
tr	O	杰夫把设备递给埃丽卡，并且她抓住了它。
tr	O	喷雾刺痛了我，并且我闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	As you know , I 've been busy working abroad , but ben , I 'm really sorry about these past few weeks .
tr	I	My heart stopped beating , and her voice was breathless .
tr	O	萨凡纳的手正在解开我短裤的拉链，并且她的脚正在把我短裤踢到我的脚踝处。
tr	I	He tucks a strand of hair behind my ear and I smile .
tr	O	我没有放纵，但是我的紧张感早已消失了。
tr	O	他从没蠢到会进行无保护性行为，但是他那周经常失控。
tr	I	It was her plan , and she would not put Ryo in danger for my sake .
tr	I	Nothing could quell my disquiet , but it helped keep out the cold .
tr	I	Nothing could get through and the doorway was closed .
tr	I	Tell the digging things How we stole their history And you Wouldn 't Doubt the Floor I 'll sleep behind a wall tonight .
tr	I	His pace had slowed considerably , but now he was working on the windows with Anthony .
tr	I	There is something happening , but your guy is here .
tr	O	它的手臂交叉在胸前，并且它的头低垂着。
tr	I	It was not to be , but he wished for silence .
tr	I	He felt disoriented and his stomach hurt .
tr	I	The killer is still out there , and I think Neil Osborne took the blame for someone else .
tr	O	我把她带回家，并且我们自己吃了将近一半的芝士蛋糕。
tr	O	德雷克部长对他的解释含糊其辞，并且我很想知道她在那里的原因。
tr	O	她试图微笑，以某种方式表明那些话只是个玩笑，但是那看起来可能更像一个鬼脸。
tr	O	他们都看着我，而且我感觉比我原先更渺小了。
tr	I	She was only tel ing the truth , but Shinichi got up to hurt her again .
tr	I	We continued , and Cy smiled .
tr	O	我们毕竟不富裕，而且购买那些画作已经很吃力了，尤其是在房子翻修之后。
tr	O	她的腿肿了，而且他稍微按了一下就留下了痕迹。
tr	O	他试图坐起来，但是松软的泥土似乎抓住了他的整个身体。
tr	I	I 'm thinking Ben isn 't such a pompous ass after all and soon we 're both laughing .
tr	O	他毫不怀疑自己能说服老人留下平板电脑，但是他想打烊了。
tr	I	Sarah felt the sting of unexpected tears , and he took her hand warmly in his .
tr	O	我不是很常来这里，但是每当我来的时候我总会换鞋。
tr	O	他扬起眉毛，但是他什么也没说。
tr	O	我不同意，但是我明白他的意思。
tr	O	不要显得太急切，或者她可能会改变主意。
tr	I	Nobody could come up with a counter , but several others seemed to share his disapproval .
tr	O	她情不自禁地后退了一步，但是她卧室的墙壁阻止了她进一步后退。
tr	O	珉豪倒在地上，但是慢慢地站了起来。
tr	O	艾米的头转向了我，并且我试图后退。
tr	O	他等待着，随着它升起并且影子变短。
tr	O	艾娃提出了她所有的问题，并且护士礼貌地详细回答了每一个问题。
tr	I	He knew the perfect place to hold their strategy session and they had an entire weekend to get their act together .
tr	O	他想在拉普什和我汇合，并且我不同意。
tr	O	我认为他当时在撒谎，并且我认为你现在在撒谎。
tr	O	Doc 独自坐在阴影里，并且过了一会儿，我忘了他在那里。
tr	I	He himself told me I could keep whatever he brought back , but it 's a shame that his servant wants all of you .
tr	O	这只是一个事实，而且它可能还会再次发生。
tr	O	那很难想象，而且约翰根本不相信。
tr	I	I almost expect her teeth to sparkle under the fluorescent lighting , and she tops off her speech with a toothy grin .
tr	I	On the day of The Freezing it had moved over the ocean , but for so long the large alien ship had hovered over the city .
tr	O	他会余生都活在知道自己没有抓住机会并且现在已经太晚了的状态中。
tr	O	我真的以为在上课前我会用完纸，但是我想这次是纸赢了。
tr	O	竞技场气氛热烈，而且我只是在舞台旁边看着就已经惊叹不已。
tr	I	This time sliced the back of his knife hand and I came forward again .
tr	O	她的心跳得更快了，而且她的手颤抖着。
tr	O	练习还不错，但是我确实注意到我很快就累了。
tr	O	我瞥了一眼，并且他扬起了眉毛。
tr	O	他试图找到一个更舒服的姿势，但是他的咒语书碍事了。
tr	O	我似乎融化在其中，并且我们正好合适。
tr	I	She had no complaints , but he 'd had doubts about being a father .
tr	O	第十七章 当我离开卡尔的家时，午后的阴影已渐渐变为黑暗，并且我闻到空气中有一股清冷的寒意。
tr	O	我在大堂遇到了艾米莉亚，并且我们在咖啡吧停了下来，然后才回去看茱莉亚。
tr	O	一刻过去了，接着又是一刻，并且他仍然什么也没说。
tr	I	She sighed , and the scent of jasmine filled the air .
tr	I	She could feel the nervous energy of Maddie sitting beside her , but she knew there was more to what Tiberius said .
tr	O	她的肌肉放松了，并且她让头靠在了门上。
tr	I	It was a very successful party , and they were all delighted with her .
tr	I	She takes one and he offers it to her .
tr	I	As she pulled back , she could see his smile had spread almost around his face , but he patted her shoulder stiffly .
tr	O	他这样的时候她从无法抗拒，但是今晚她别无选择。
tr	O	我试图恢复手臂的肌肉，但是它们也绷得很紧。
tr	O	通常不需要它们，但是它们可以从垂直位置掉落，靠在侧壁上。
tr	I	Eventually they 'll burn you , and cross the Republic too many times .
tr	O	扎恩的脑子有点不对劲，而且他也没有好转。
tr	O	罗宾逊可能不参与此事，但是英国无疑会要求回顾一下谈话内容。
tr	I	At this stage it was all that he had but Mike realized that he was talking to a machine .
tr	O	他的眼睛盯着天花板，而且他英俊的脸上带着烦恼，眼角周围的细纹加深了。
tr	I	You are no leader , but that 's your gift .
tr	O	他还需要确保两根电线没有接触，或者卷帘门会试图打开。
tr	O	他们争吵了，而且那个女人离开了，拽着我的朋友，即使老师在后面追赶。
tr	I	Keeley had never traveled beyond her cottage , and she was taboo to the McDonald clan .
tr	I	When I asked one of the sales assistants , they asked for two grand but it had no price on it .
tr	O	凯特急匆匆地穿过门进入法医办公室，并且发现威尔拉德正坐在他的电脑前。
tr	I	She drove faster , trying to demonstrate casual competence and the road straightened out .
tr	I	They wait , and they sleep .
tr	O	我的疑虑开始啃噬着我，但是当我抬起头时，达拉斯已经把她的恨意转向了我。
tr	O	伤痛深入骨髓，但是她为这份情感惩罚了自己。
tr	O	黑雾从隧道中渗出，并且我靠向了卢肯。
tr	O	他不知道我刚刚在那个网站上发现了什么，而且他正要把这事透露给我喜欢的那个人。
tr	I	I have a feeling it must be pretty intense , but I don 't know how strong the urge is .
tr	I	I kept my cool , but I almost burst out laughing .
tr	O	她喝了冰茶，并且我也做了同样的事。
tr	O	我一个小时内就能到那里，而且我想你会想在一个隐秘的地方见面。
tr	O	十二小时后，而且情况就不同了？
tr	I	She laughed and Cameron looked pointedly at her boot .
tr	O	这座磨坊再次成为科尔维尔的主要雇主，并且磨坊兴衰，城镇也随之兴衰。
tr	I	Layla watched with a kind of scared fascination , and the woman experienced another rippling contraction that you could even see .
tr	I	He wasn 't allowed inside the gates , but only Wade Carter showed up , having tailed one of the road crew members to do so .
tr	O	她开玩笑，并且我笑了。
tr	I	Then a loud exploding sound came from the house , but she went to speak to her , to demand what she knew .
tr	O	我甚至都没见过这个妹妹，而且我真的很不喜欢她。
tr	O	我动了动身子，并且我的手碰到了一些柔软的东西。
tr	O	他没有一些吸血鬼在魅惑人类方面那么有天赋，但是那个女性轻易就屈服于他的力量。
tr	O	这位是卡德尔先生，并且他需要一个朋友。
tr	O	杰克把两根电线碰到了一起，并且一对火花从它们末端迸发出来。
tr	O	她过着美好的生活，并且她想回报。
tr	I	The man was tied up on it , and a makeshift rack had been put up using old scaffolding .
tr	I	Maybe that 's why I ask Gemma what happened first , and I 'm distracted .
tr	O	多洛雷斯打开了她的连接，并且他们连接了。
tr	O	我遇到你时还是个处女，但是你仍然嫉妒我与任何男人说话。
tr	O	他宽阔的肩膀对于他的束腰外衣来说有点太宽了，并且她能看出他有一身健美的肌肉。
tr	O	仿佛是我们开火了，但是他们是因为别的原因倒下的。
tr	I	Ryder 's roar of fury followed her , and Briggs hauled her out of the observation room .
tr	I	He could sense her rising excitement and the tight lines had left her mouth .
tr	O	八磅对一个婴儿来说听起来很大，但是他怀里那个微小的生命看起来却小得令人难以置信……微小。
tr	I	We do not have time to guess at human computer science , and it is a technology issue .
tr	O	迈克尔倒吸了一口凉气，他的腹部收紧了，当他注意到那个一动不动的身影是克劳迪娅时。
tr	I	That couldn 't be good and she realized she was beginning to trust Franco .
tr	I	No tears fell , but his eyes watered .
tr	O	他打开门想出去，但是我先把他拉进了怀抱。
tr	I	She twisted her head to look up at me , and I gave her ear a tug .
tr	O	尽管他的一部分知道她目前无法靠近，而且他只能靠自己。
tr	O	她很漂亮，并且我想知道她是不是杰特的类型。
tr	I	I can see Adam 's arm move closer to her and she shakes her head .
tr	O	我可以派人去找我的兄弟们，但是他们远在数百英里之外。
tr	I	I saw a tiny smile on Mia 's lips , and he looked away , ashamed .
tr	I	At the moment she just didn 't care , but Verlaine was certain that Nadia was completely sincere .
tr	I	She steps a little closer and Dina 's smile drops .
tr	I	Liz was already tearing open her backpack , but she started to laugh at the joke .
tr	I	The storm raged on , and the darkness inside the car became complete .
tr	I	She still could not sense them clearly , but no , they were in the vicinity .
tr	I	Tom never saw him again , but he had told Tom that he would be back .
tr	I	He blamed himself for not knowing and Caleb wished he knew what .
tr	O	水泥透过我的袜子传来冰冷的感觉，并且我迅速地把鞋穿上。
tr	O	我感到一种想去查看头骨的冲动，但是我决定我大可以确信它哪儿也没去。
tr	O	她伸手到耳后拿她的笔，并且我用翅膀环住艾比，好像那样就能把她藏起来不让D看见。
tr	O	震惊贯穿了我，并且我朝着他们迈出一步，没有真正思考为什么。
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I should have implored her that my love for her was real .
tr	O	斯巴达的海伦美极了，心形脸上披着棕褐色的头发，并且在她打量他时丰满的双唇微微张开。
tr	O	我抬头看了一眼钟表，并且天快到午夜了。
tr	O	我从没有过，并且我永远也不会！
tr	O	她的脸亮了起来，并且她跳着走在赛琳前面，沿着小径朝房子走去。
tr	O	她提出要为他装饰，但是他一点都不肯。
tr	I	His body tensed , seeming to grow even larger , and his irises turned black .
tr	O	他歪着头看我，并且我突然感到不自在。
tr	O	我打开车门，并且他跳过我的座位。
tr	I	She was not moving , and her eyes were closed .
tr	I	It keeps her arms by her sides and there is a heaviness that is hanging .
tr	I	Before I can stop it , a tear drops and instead my eyes well up .
tr	I	He dragged her along with it , and she clenched the purse to her side .
tr	I	It wouldn 't help , but I could give it to them .
tr	I	Our adventurers started to travel early to try to do as much distance as possible and another day came .
tr	I	Then I saw the glimmer of comprehension , but they were wild with confusion at first .
tr	I	Kev turned into the room , and a door to their right was ajar .
tr	O	每次提到他们，他都显得很悲伤，并且我对他产生了一丝怜悯。
tr	O	他光着脚身高六英尺二英寸，并且每一寸都是结实的肌肉块。
tr	O	热液羽流拉长了，并且高耸的漩涡每过一秒就变得更强，其上边缘稳步向水面移动。
tr	I	Neither was much of a housekeeper , and her parents worked demanding full-time jobs .
tr	I	I felt eyes on me at every turn , and the streets were dark as I drove home .
tr	I	He pulled them down my legs and his fingers slid inside my panties .
tr	O	他很难跟上我们，但是那是件好事。
tr	O	这个请求是一个让他们在一起的可耻又赤裸裸的借口，但是两人都没有抱怨。
tr	O	你们的两位成员已经向我们通报了银河系的情况，并且我们也得以证实了我们的说法。
tr	I	He could not tell for sure , but Rick guessed they might have been retracted .
tr	O	另一个咬住了她的腿，但是她的靴子保护了她的皮肤免受其牙齿的伤害。
tr	O	我差点食言了，并且我从不那样做。
tr	O	有时他会让我先走一步，但是他从不让我跑得太远。
tr	I	She flew into his arms , and her face lit up with happy surprise .
tr	O	我亲了亲她的脸颊，并且妈妈给了她一个拥抱。
tr	I	He broke the kiss , leaving her panting , but it wasn 't easy .
tr	O	泰试图压制住看到赞恩那样子时的本能反应，但是不可能不盯着看。
tr	I	My parents should turn their backs on me and they 're telling me I 'm a shame .
tr	O	其他人却有不同的想法，并且事情很快就在没有他的情况下解决了。
tr	O	Haven向旁边迈了一大步，以为自己能逃走，但是没有奏效。
tr	O	他睡着了并且那东西跑掉了，这已经够糟糕的了。
tr	I	You end up dropping three bodies in the nightclub parking lot , and we go out for a simple guys ' night on the town .
tr	I	They would never see it , because they didn 't know what it was to love , but they were surrounded by the answer .
tr	O	小弟骑马出去救她，但是巫师把男孩变成了石头。
tr	O	我看着他，并且他叹了口气。
tr	I	Tuck shouted in my head , and the crowd erupted again , only this time in protest .
tr	I	The second time in as many passing periods was not , but it could have been a mistake .
tr	I	I was afraid he might be unpleasantly surprised if he took a good long look , but I didn 't dispel the ideal right then .
tr	O	艾米丽试图撕掉它，但是它被密封住了。
tr	I	Her hair was caught up in a ponytail , and she was wearing a T-shirt that had Tufts Field Hockey in big letters on the front .
tr	I	Ava was growing up to be a pretty little girl and things were the same with everyone .
tr	I	Her mouth dried and her pulse raced .
tr	I	That was pretty much it as far as the room went , and a desk sat against one wall .
tr	I	In place of alarm I felt oddly comforted , but I felt a weight on my chest , like being restrained by a thousand blankets .
tr	O	周围环境非常令人不快，而且我觉得我已经学够了。
tr	I	I could tell it was time for a change , but I couldn 't read my own signals .
tr	I	The spirit burning within me went out , and I blinked .
tr	O	我们会把它切成四份，但是只要那根绳子与船保持相同的角度，我们就会在正确的航向上。
tr	I	This question seems more benign than the last , and she 's smiling at me , though .
tr	I	I knew that Barton had you and I was looking for you everywhere .
tr	O	凯莉用力握了握米兰达的胳膊，而且她第一次觉得揭露真相触手可及。
tr	I	His head is next to my shoulder and his hand rests on my abdomen protectively .
tr	O	是的，我最初爱上了她，并且我不会为此道歉的，罗斯。
tr	O	我仍然讨厌新的主日学课程，但是这个已经不再感觉是新的了。
tr	I	He wasn 't pushing her , but she could feel his arousal .
tr	I	He didn 't make it a secret , and Race wanted me .
tr	I	They 'd hung out in the past , but he couldn 't remember how he 'd met her .
tr	I	It was not unexpected from these guys , but they were being a little harsh .
tr	O	他肯定深吸了一口气，并且她不知道他可能在努力控制着什么情绪。
tr	I	McDougal raised a hand , but Abe shook his head .
tr	O	他示意服务员，但是我摇了摇头。
tr	O	没有发现武器的迹象，但是他们会进行彻底搜查。
tr	O	感觉我以前经历过一百万次了，但是我却从未习惯过。
tr	I	Determinedly making his way through the crowd with her on his arm but he moved to the exit , slowly .
tr	I	Then he sat back , his jaw clenched , but the younger origin 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	热量涌向我的脚，但是那是令人愉悦的热量。
tr	I	The baby was the result , and she 'd been raped .
tr	I	Lily fought down the urge to blurt out the entire story to him and the implication of abuse was there .
tr	O	艾米利亚的伤口刺痛感减轻了很多，并且杰姆的肩膀似乎也很舒服。
tr	O	后来，他们上床睡觉了，但是米切尔心里想的并不是睡觉。
tr	I	They definitely didn 't blush , but they turned red with anger .
tr	O	我挣扎着对抗手腕上的绳子，但是它纹丝不动。
tr	I	We form a small posse , and he manages to find a few others with appetites .
tr	I	Brazen often told them to think of themselves as sheepdogs protecting their flock from the wolves and the Brothers were also fiercely protective .
tr	O	琥珀色的液体晃动着，并且洒出了一些。
tr	I	He still didn 't know it , and the lawman was .
tr	O	我本不该强求，但是从我遇见你的那一刻起，我就觉得你俩很般配。
tr	O	卡米拉让吸管离开她的嘴唇，并且审视地俯视着塞西莉亚。
tr	O	我不该逼迫，但是我情不自禁。
tr	O	你已经有五年时间了，而且你还没有想出改进的办法？
tr	O	她为我做了这么多，而且我拒绝她也不对。
tr	I	It will discover us soon but Death isn 't aware of us yet .
tr	I	As far as she knew , Ronan never had visitors , and she didn 't have any friends in North Canyon Creek .
tr	I	They have erected this fine theater for our purpose , but I asked for a mere platform in which to perform .
tr	O	莱桑德抓住他衬衫的后领，并且那人发出一声微弱的呻吟，因为他的身体被拖向了我。
tr	I	She was too caught up in the story , but she wanted to scold .
tr	O	吉布森先生不知道乔西和我睡过。
tr	I	I was able to pay Gracie regularly and I was now receiving a weekly paycheck .
tr	O	他想警告她，但是他找不到词语。
tr	I	He had to fight the smile that was twisting his mouth in the wrong direction , but he tried to look down at her with a sneer .
tr	O	她听到拉乌尔再次撞击门，并且随着木头裂开，她向上帝呼喊求助。
tr	O	艾瑞亚心里某种东西突然变味了，并且她绕过拐角躲了起来。
tr	O	当他的手臂滑过她的腰间时，靠向他似乎是世界上最自然的事情，并且他的嘴唇触碰了她的额头。
tr	O	他邀请了罗克和他一起喝酒，而且和她跳舞就意味着让罗克独自喝酒。
tr	I	It was definitely bourbon with mint , but the color of this drink was paler .
tr	I	Edith cut him off , but Steve opened his mouth .
tr	O	这事儿没那么复杂，而且没什么真正的训练可言。
tr	I	I needed to know more before I saw Lucas again , but I was afraid he 'd say this .
tr	I	He didn 't need one , but there was no light on .
tr	I	She pushed the thought away , but she wondered if the child were his , since he seemed so concerned .
tr	O	萨拉当然没听懂我的笑话，但是她听出了我的语气。
tr	I	This was a good way to begin , but he wanted to see himself inside her .
tr	O	有一个需要使用一些武力的应急方案，但是当然这不是首选。
tr	O	这次它让我泪流满面，但是还有别的东西。
tr	I	I wanted more , but he pushed a finger into me , thrusting .
tr	O	它是黑色的，并且岩石闪闪发光，仿佛是湿的。
tr	O	我们可能已经分手了，但是我仍然关心他。
tr	I	Then she 'd never had to attend thirteen in a row , but she had no idea how Christmas parties could make someone grumpy .
tr	I	A few stray strands fell about her shoulders , and her hair was matted about her head .
tr	I	He licked his lips almost imperceptibly , and his eyes dropped to my mouth .
tr	O	加勒特抽回了他的手指，并且她几乎因失望而哭泣。
tr	I	I hate it most when it interferes with a larger system , but I hate politics .
tr	O	我的手机响了起来，并且我把手伸进口袋去拿它。
tr	I	The atlas kept him grounded in reality , but he 'd long since memorized the route .
tr	I	I knew I had to find a way to get home and despair rolled over me .
tr	I	It was empty , but he quickly glanced at the doorway leading to the bakery .
tr	I	I just shrug and Maria glares .
tr	O	这一定发生在我用雕刻刀割开他喉咙时，他当时正躺在那里，并且鲜血喷涌得到处都是。
tr	I	She forgot about the odd sensation , and the conversation moved on .
tr	O	我记得他，因为他是我遇到的唯一一张平静的脸，并且他有一双深邃的眼睛，仿佛能穿透我的灵魂。
tr	O	我知道我一定能给他一些安慰，但是我什么也想不出来。
tr	I	I 'll call her and give me her number .
tr	I	It makes me want to run , and the way he 's looking at me , like I 'm everything to him .
tr	I	I didn 't have enough for him , and Tim cared about ' juice ' .
tr	O	管风琴音乐充满了房间，并且乳香的气味在我们身边弥漫。
tr	I	No one has left the city under my orders , but Plenty of people saw her leave away with him .
tr	I	I knew a poker face when I saw one , but her tone of voice stayed steady , her expression mild .
tr	I	He rode his bike the other way , and I stayed on the bus to Evergreen .
tr	I	Stupid is not one of them , but Lilly 's a lot of things .
tr	O	里斯骑得离他太近，感到有些不舒服，并且这并非因为他所做的任何事情。
tr	O	他抓住它，紧紧握住，并且它帮助他保持在水面上。
tr	I	Tendrils stretched out to snatch up the crouching demons and the bags bounced slightly .
tr	O	灯光变暗了，并且萨默依偎进了温暖中。
tr	O	坎登开始变得烦躁不安，并且时间也越来越晚了。
tr	I	The place had been torched ... and she 'd gone to Chance 's house .
tr	I	When he did , we all saw something we never expected , but he proceeded to kick the door down .
tr	O	他们惊愕地看了我一会儿，然后罗奇把我按倒在地，并且卡西诺用手捂住了我的嘴。
tr	O	你只是个养子，并且你不应该忘记这一点。
tr	O	虚拟杀手身材娇小，比我矮了一英寸左右，但是我知道不能因为体型而低估她。
tr	I	We 'll press charges , or drop it right now .
tr	I	I was really intrigued when I looked at his gigantic cock , but I was mesmerized when I looked into his beautiful blue eyes .
tr	I	Its domed roof was of solid gold and it was made of smooth white marble .
tr	O	如果有人给我堆个雪人，我就会出现，但是我是一个女性。
tr	O	我本希望能不引人注意地溜回我的公寓，但是我爸爸在我们停好车后立刻打开了前门。
tr	O	我知道他们抓了谁，否则你不会这么兴奋。
tr	O	哦，他现在可以尽情否认，但是薇洛记得昨晚的每一个细节。
tr	O	爱丽丝的眼睛热切地闪耀着，并且她向前倾了倾身。
tr	O	她的身体在海中膨胀到极限，并且她高兴地将数千只手臂伸向天空。
tr	I	I feel helpless , and the council murmurs uneasily .
tr	I	His happy expression faltered when he got a look at Neil , but Nicky perked up as the two stepped into the living room .
tr	I	It didn 't make sense , but there had to be some connection .
tr	O	宽慰涌上心头，并且他开始阅读。
tr	I	The EMT shook his head , but it was subtle .
tr	I	Aiden yelped as it banged into his back and I knocked my forehead into my bedroom door .
tr	I	He wished they could stay like that forever and Time seemed to stop .
tr	O	它非常巨大，并且我已能想象出它的样子。
tr	I	There I was to be sent , and when last I visited you , you were the jailor of Mordor .
tr	I	When he came forward , Kit handed the envelope to him , and Hatton Abernathy rose .
tr	I	Nick managed to find a movie that we could agree on and we sat on opposite ends of the couch .
tr	I	She was quite diminutive by comparison , and he wasn 't a small man .
tr	O	他伸出手，并且他们握了手。
tr	O	她柔软的头发触碰着他的下巴，并且埃里克把脸藏进了那火焰般的鬃毛里。
tr	O	刹车灯闪烁了一下，但是面包车没有动。
tr	I	We all sat still once more , and I shuddered .
tr	O	眼泪开始落下，并且他无法忍受。
tr	I	A great peace took hold of him , and Sunlight warmed the temperature sensors on his upraised face .
tr	O	单手清洗它们很笨拙，但是她还是做到了。
tr	O	这些徒步路线会带你穿越很多地形，但是我不会称它们为极端。
tr	I	Really , do you know my story , but yes , you 've heard about me ?
tr	O	约翰并没有真正受苦，并且他认为其他警卫也不会那么容易应对麻烦。
tr	I	They act like dogs , but they look like wolves .
tr	O	我不想他受伤，但是我认为他做了正确的选择。
tr	O	他的短黑发两鬓斑白，并且他的衣服看起来像是穿过夜的。
tr	I	Lucas was still struggling to get near the door , and I 'd been shoved on in the first wave .
tr	I	The wagon behind him weighed heavily on his straining legs as he started to run and his eyes were wide from fear .
tr	I	I wanted to do something special , and it was nearing my birthday .
tr	I	A darting shadow behind them caught Karou 's eye , and a few men came in .
tr	O	我为偷听感到内疚，但是我情不自禁。
tr	O	她不知道为什么，但是这不仅仅是性。
tr	I	I wanted to thoroughly enjoy myself , and I had plenty of money tucked away in my wallet .
tr	I	Most of that was wrong , and since I never talked about it , there was only speculation about the wreck .
tr	O	他模仿她的话语，并且她追着他在停车场跑。
tr	I	He clearly was a weapon , and only Damon wasn 't carrying a weapon .
tr	I	The kitchen is warm and the stove is hot .
tr	I	Loosened the draw on the bow , and she sighed , finally .
tr	I	It took a little convincing on her part but okay , she didn 't have to drag me .
tr	O	梅勒妮收回了她的手臂，但是他的手仍然抓着。
tr	O	他从未赢得全国冠军，但是那十二个扑向他的阿米什人也没有。
tr	O	我仍在努力理清思绪，但是我决定一步一步来。
tr	I	As we baked , we talked and she 'd throw us in the kitchen .
tr	O	我伸手去拿我带来的另一个包，仍然找不到任何衣服，但是梅森抓住了我的手臂。
tr	O	我可能会在那里找到一把枪，并且我确实需要一把。
tr	O	他搂着她的腰把她拉过来，并且我内心的一切都燃起了嫉妒之火。
tr	O	她听起来很担心，并且他试图安慰她。
tr	I	I laughed and ' t was so contagious even poor Brenna began to laugh and I laughed .
tr	I	Somewhere behind us , the toddler starts to cry , and the lights go out .
tr	O	他握住我的手，并且我们慢慢地跳舞穿过房间。
tr	I	Everyone would crouch down to try to avoid getting wet and sometimes the wind would blow sideways .
tr	I	The Source followed him , but he spun into the air .
tr	I	All of his impressive bulk went stone hard and I was going to tell him that I was all for that plan when his spine snapped straight .
tr	I	There will be more , and thousands of innocent people have died .
tr	I	He had to stop using it , and the phone he already had was obviously bugged .
tr	I	He tuned out the sound , putting all his focus into his part of the attack , but reports of downed hostiles filled his ear .
tr	I	I knew what I had to do and my heart felt heavy as I walked to the door .
tr	I	I manage not to shiver , showing I 'm impervious to discomfort , but without a jacket , it 's cold as hell .
tr	I	There were a few dresses in it but I expected it to be empty .
tr	I	For the life of me I can 't see why , but it could have been a cruel trick on her part .
tr	O	半小时前他牵着她的手，但是现在他又保持距离了。
tr	I	He would be dead and he knew a single touch .
tr	I	Her eyes follow the buffalo as we pass but Francesca is huddled miserably in the rear seat .
tr	O	我现在喘不过气来，并且我的眼睛刺痛。
tr	I	We must protect you , but I 'm sorry Graham .
tr	I	I return to my spot in front of Kalli , and she slips out of the kitchen without another word .
tr	I	The guilt is tearing me apart inside , and I miss Ria like hell .
tr	O	抱歉我没开门，但是当时我正好在和珍妮通电话。
tr	I	We must end it , and we started this madness .
tr	O	他不会因伤致死，但是他需要一段时间才能完全康复。
tr	O	我又踱步了一会儿，并且然后我就收工了。
tr	O	他曾说过如果我需要什么就告诉他，并且我认为这绝对符合条件。
tr	I	She was leaving a little puddle on the stone floor , and she was soaked through to the skin .
tr	I	The curtains drawn behind the glass , and its windows were closed tight .
tr	O	尼克一点也不信任那个人，但是他愿意在动手前听听某人的解释。
tr	O	我不想看到你成为那些陷入困境的人之一，但是我恐怕它一定会发生。
tr	I	Death vampires hunted vulnerable women who tracked life alone , like culling the weak from the herd , but she could say whatever she wanted to say .
tr	O	他们会给她带来麻烦，并且当其中一个周围的黑暗阴影变得漆黑时，我怒火中烧。
tr	O	卢克把手收了回来，好像要打他一样，并且丹尼斯笑了。
tr	I	He refused to take it , but Clary tried to give him the bed in her room .
tr	I	This was a chance to redeem it , and last year , winning had been at our fingertips .
tr	I	None of them would let go but if one of them let go at least half of them would take a tumble .
tr	O	我要求被带到他家，并且他同意了。
tr	O	他迈下台阶，但是他的脚没有踩到地板，反而踩到了柔软的东西。
tr	I	The man kept fighting , but he had stabbed directly into the man 's heart .
tr	O	他本来想那天下午顺道拜访，但是与房产经纪人的预约让他无法实现。
tr	O	她试图反抗，但是我更强大。
tr	I	I knew it was too late , but I quickly tried to wipe at the moisture seeping from my eyes .
tr	I	I loved her , and she loved me .
tr	I	Her nostrils pinched , and she looked at the pale , sleeping girl on the bed .
tr	I	Then we attend practice , and we finish our day .
tr	I	Then , as the waiter had just arrived with our glasses of water , took a sip of hers , and she chewed her lip briefly .
tr	O	艾登看了我的脸一秒，并且然后他的目光移向我伸出的手。
tr	O	她现在可以控制情绪了，但是那只会让它更致命。
tr	I	Bob saw his hands clench , and Samuels 's eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Rose couldn 't help it , but she knew this was spoiling her .
tr	I	The look in his eyes did something silly to her stomach and as she watched , Hector turned around to watch her progress .
tr	O	这一切听起来很实际，但是龙弓有些疑虑。
tr	O	他在离开前拍了我的肩膀两下，并且然后我便独自一人了。
tr	I	She didn 't know what it was , but something in the air wasn 't right .
tr	O	一只重手落在他肩上，而且他抬头望向导演严肃的脸。
tr	I	I was out the door and he turned me around .
tr	I	I couldn 't blame him , and he was clearly with Elodie .
tr	I	Whilst bouncing a ball off his racquet , he addressed her , and George , however , had bounded over to Frances 's side .
tr	O	雨已经停了，使得声音清晰可辨，但是威尔士语说得太快了，乔治跟不上。
tr	I	Her fingers tightened around mine , and it 's okay , whispered Ava 's voice .
tr	O	随着寒意渐浓，疯狂似乎消退了，而且我的思绪变得清晰。
tr	O	你爷爷说过它需要修理，但是你知道他有多讨厌修理东西。
tr	O	他的眼神空洞，而且当我在他脸前挥了挥手时，他甚至没有眨眼。
tr	I	He knew now wasn 't the right time but there was so much he wanted to say to her .
tr	I	He now had scholarship offers from two different colleges and College scouts had come to the playoff game to watch Leif .
tr	I	I let her down and she relied on me .
tr	O	我笑了，但是听起来很勉强，而事实也确实如此。
tr	O	波波不知道其他人在想什么，但是他又回到了那个令人不快的真相是常态的国度。
tr	I	It doesn 't sound fatal but someone else swears in pain .
tr	I	She had to admit that he was quite good , and while she hadn 't played him , she 'd seen him play here at court .
tr	O	奎因的语气平实，但是他话语中暗藏的锋芒将我的注意力拉回了他身上。
tr	O	我不得不承认也许迪克说得有道理，但是他还没说完。
tr	O	冰箱里还有香槟，并且他们吃完饭后他会带一瓶上去。
tr	O	鲁珀特爵士冲下去用力地握李的手，但是那个年轻人无法将目光从辛西娅身上移开。
tr	O	他费心设计了一个他可以在地表使用的系统，并且在去检查太阳能电池时将其设置好。
tr	I	In the end he gave up trying , and Jack Barclay was right about not sleeping .
tr	I	Isabella found herself holding her breath while she prayed that he wouldn 't see right through her , and he didn 't answer immediately .
tr	I	It reads the data from any tissue it can access and you just have to get the DNA scanner close enough .
tr	O	然而，和他的房间不同，那里有许多柔和色调的靠垫和一台彩色电视机。
tr	O	它对他来说似乎太大了，并且明显偏软。
tr	O	她开朗地问道，但是亚历山德拉知道她从未如此美丽过。
tr	I	I wasn 't about to hold back and it was no secret I hated the little brat .
tr	I	I rolled onto my back to stare up at the ceiling and finally my eyes flew open .
tr	I	Her legs weren 't working right , and she couldn 't feel that arm .
tr	I	It was a cinch they weren 't going to get any other answers , but the sheriff 's men might not have liked certain parts of it .
tr	I	Some with my letters are now sitting in that third group , but I wrote to most of the men sitting together beside us .
tr	I	I can 't really hear her , but she 's still talking to me .
tr	I	Her father had taken part in the Crusades , and she had been raised devoutly by her parents .
tr	O	我不关心那些战争贩子，但是我关心我们可能遭遇的一切。
tr	O	他拍了拍口袋，摸着手机，但是手机肯定落在酒店顶楼了。
tr	I	The wall fixtures cast a dimmed , weaker light into the room , and an electrical buzz resounded .
tr	O	我对她勉强一笑，握住她的手，并且我们回到了基地。
tr	I	I saw a lot of marriages end , and I spent fifteen years with the team .
tr	O	他曾被承诺这只是为了保护，并且德莱厄德想要的只是赞德放弃王位。
tr	O	维奥莱特挂断了电话，并且她的能量在她身边舞动。
tr	O	你很痛苦，并且这没有必要。
tr	I	She illuminated it with the beam and something moved in the far corner .
tr	O	他的眼睛翻到头顶，并且他晕倒了，嘴巴大张着。
tr	I	The words wouldn 't register but Helen heard his deep voice .
tr	I	From his screech she thought it might be a bone , but she heard a pop as if a twig had snapped .
tr	I	I couldn 't get her alone , and after dinner it was family time .
tr	I	He was in a hurry to do it , but he wasn 't sure what he was going to do .
tr	I	Nothing stood out more than the scene in the middle of the room , but the artwork shone prominently , begging for attention .
tr	O	一个躺在一堆箱子下纹丝不动，并且我只能看到他的脚。
tr	I	Susan was annoyed and as quickly as it had clutched her , the pain let go .
tr	I	There just wasn 't anything to be said , but he thought he should say something .
tr	O	当我走进客厅时，我的皮肤不知何故刺痛着，并且我真的说不出为什么。
tr	O	他没有公开抗议，但是他的手指在剑柄上敲击着。
tr	I	Nick took off his jacket , placing it around her shoulders before they both settled on the blanket and Rena shivered .
tr	I	It made scuffing sounds across the floor and one of the zombies stumbled over a chair .
tr	O	我觉得我每时每刻都能见到你，并且仍然不够。
tr	I	For some moments the right words eluded her , and Frances was equally astounded to see the doctor .
tr	I	I 'm lost , falling through space and the heat from his body encompasses me .
tr	O	我看着潘，并且她也回望我。
tr	O	园丁一直在修剪玫瑰，并且他不小心多剪了一根枝条。
tr	I	We 'd talk about it on Sunday and told me to get the kids home .
tr	O	停车场其他地方也很安静，并且他开始走向他的车。
tr	I	They cannot but the light was so bright they should look away .
tr	O	我松开了手，并且她僵直地看着我。
tr	O	几个小时过去了，并且她甚至没有动一下。
tr	I	My chest ached , and my eyes burned .
tr	O	那看起来很讽刺，以一种怪诞的方式，但是安妮塔让夏延答应不要火化她。
tr	O	我轻蔑地盯着她，但是我的心里因担忧而七上八下。
tr	O	那是一场全面而猛烈的攻击，而且我完全不知道该如何摆脱。
tr	I	Within seconds the carriage house was obliterated from view , and the rains came harder .
tr	O	门把手确实转动了，但是它上面的防盗插销锁住了，所以门纹丝不动。
tr	I	I stop breathing and my body stiffens .
tr	O	达西睁大了眼睛，并且康拉德笑得更开了。
tr	I	In my current getup , I was a daisy , and they were roses .
tr	I	The counter has been left unattended and the entire waiting room is empty .
tr	I	He turned , reaching for his gun and a skittering stone caught his attention .
tr	O	那是甜言蜜语，但是她不愿被他左右。
tr	O	让我先处理完黛娜的事，然后我就去吃午饭。
tr	I	She knew it would dry quickly in the heat , but her skirt hung heavy when she walked .
tr	I	I closed my hands tighter , but it tried to squeeze out .
tr	O	脚步声在黑暗中轻快地响起，并且战士首领们握紧了武器。
tr	I	Any intelligence that picks them up would get to experience the power of the sphere , and an alien civilization could strew these things around the galaxy .
tr	O	我的左手腕在重压下弯曲，而且我的肩膀又一次撞上了拖车顶部。
tr	I	My juices were flowing all over his mouth , making wet , obscene noises that made my chest flush , and it just felt so goddamn good .
tr	I	I could only stare , bewildered , but I knew the words meant something .
tr	O	他的头滚到一边，并且随后她将它踢入草丛。
tr	O	她那样笑着，双颊泛红，双眼发光，她真是美极了。
tr	I	I don 't even know you , and I don 't know this place .
tr	O	我想演奏，但是我无法想出任何音乐。
tr	O	愧疚涌上他的双眼，并且她意识到他很可能在责怪自己，因为她受伤后这么快就与他缠绵了两个夜晚。
tr	O	这已是超乎寻常的慷慨了，但是他的名誉受到了威胁。
tr	O	我没有察觉到的那层朦胧面纱褪去了，并且突然间世界变得清晰得令人痛苦。
tr	O	她把比赛下半场的全部情况告诉了多蒂，并且他们互相提醒着上半场一些更有趣的事情。
tr	I	If it bothers you so much than maybe you can ask Ma to help you clean them , but they 're fine .
tr	O	她脸色苍白，并且她的双臂垂到身侧，同时她往后缩进椅子里。
tr	I	She grinned and she noticed me trying to discreetly watch her .
tr	O	她很美丽，并且她正盯着我看。
tr	I	When I do , it 's bad , but I don 't lose it often .
tr	I	I thought that I 'd watch it , and the sun 's coming up .
tr	O	门又开了，并且一个年轻女人走进了房间。
tr	O	她情感激动，并且我确信她能从我脸上看到同样的情感。
tr	O	计划都准备好了，但是它仍然看起来是一项不可能完成的任务。
tr	I	Kelly removed his shoes , then socks , after which she tossed his pants out of reach , and Nash retook his seat on the couch .
tr	I	She 's dating Cecil ' ' You are kidding right and she told me yesterday at school ?
tr	O	他向妮可伸出一只手臂，并且她滑到他身边，仿佛她是为贴合在他身旁而生。
tr	O	该死，那是他们关系中最常被问到的问题，并且她直到那一刻才意识到。
tr	I	The black robed figure started to shrink , and the Spell Wizard 's screams became squeals .
tr	I	Nobody could see in , but when we closed the sling 's cover , we could still see out .
tr	I	She saw a few yellow , but mostly the lights were green .
tr	O	几个小时后电话响了，并且她不愿接听。
tr	I	Sarah felt like she could stand up and they were soon beneath the tree tops .
tr	O	机会就在那里，但是他搞砸了。
tr	I	They were beautiful and they were teens .
tr	I	We let them trip us up and they were part of the family .
tr	O	罗根救了他的心上人，并且他们正计划结婚。
tr	I	I mean it , but I know you probably hear that a lot .
tr	O	她的车门自动解锁了，并且凯文自己走了进去。
tr	I	He acted like he was not aware of her sudden existence yet he felt the presence of someone .
tr	O	警笛声渐渐远去，但是枪声却越来越近了。
tr	O	你是我的小弟弟，并且我们会一起面对。
tr	O	驾驶室的车门打开了，并且一个司机下了车。
tr	I	He replaced it with a wooden raven and one of the glass handles had broken .
tr	O	厄尔是那种“掌控一切”的人，并且她是一个有着悲惨人生的女人。
tr	O	她想让他否认，但是那残酷的诚实再次摧毁了她的希望。
tr	I	I have to fight not to swallow my tongue , and he leans in even closer .
tr	O	那确实是我的真名，但是指出这一点感觉很粗鲁。
tr	O	我们手中握着我们这个时代最伟大的奇幻史诗的结局，并且我打算确保它能有个好的收尾。
tr	O	我的头发生长变慢了，但是它仍在继续变浓密。
tr	O	我们度过了一个安静舒适的夜晚，并且我大部分时间都忍不住看着艾米丽。
tr	I	She was out of arms reach , but I grabbed for her foot again .
tr	O	这孩子是个白痴，但是你不得不尊重他。
tr	I	There were no words , but I opened my mouth .
tr	I	I could taste blood and my cheek throbbed .
tr	O	他不知道自己内心发生了什么，并且他的骄傲不让他去追你。
tr	O	他的声音很温柔，但是底下有一种他想让我听到的坚毅。
tr	I	I studied his jawline and his eyes crinkled .
tr	O	它们对你来说太大了，但是现在你将就着用吧。
tr	O	她总是靠在我的肩膀上，并且我经常拥抱她。
tr	I	Alex joined her and Gloria was perched on one of the countertops .
tr	O	我会建议带Surreal来为你照看，但是我认为她现在有点太渴望用刀了。
tr	I	It takes a convergence of all these dimensions at one point of time to create a utility and things always are multidimensional .
tr	O	他基本上是因对方弃权而赢，但是有时候事情就是这样发展的。
tr	O	距离玛丽莲去上班还不到三个小时，但是吉恩就已经恐慌起来了。
tr	I	He was holding out a clumsy pile , and she saw Ethan , his eyes averted .
tr	I	It 's really positive reinforcement , but it should be negative reinforcement .
tr	O	婴儿长得很快，并且我走路都很吃力。
tr	I	My voice was squeezed down tight , and I asked .
tr	O	她的头发在脸周围飞舞，并且她把头发撩到耳后。
tr	O	那些可能没有安全系统的地方，但是这里离他的会面地点更近。
tr	O	一个奇特的念头转变为另一个，并且她试图想象如果她的思想最终进入她母亲的身体会是怎样的。
tr	I	I gave him a little applause and Charlie finished his lesson .
tr	O	他们经常给我提供有用的信息，并且我为了知情而付出高昂的报酬。
tr	O	她需要空间，并且他不得不给她。
tr	I	She 'd considered him a very good friend when she visited her father each summer and he 'd done well over the years .
tr	O	我看到他的眼睛睁大了，而且汗珠顺着他的鼻梁淌下来。
tr	O	马是猎物，而且我们是捕食者。
tr	O	我把她送到地铁站，并且和她吻别。
tr	O	他的手抚过她的曲线，并且他的夹克掉到了地上。
tr	O	气温下降了，而且早些时候那浓重窒息的空气随着锋面碰撞现在已在运动。
tr	I	I still had to use my power in the heat of battle , but I knew I had the potential .
tr	O	我冲到了楼梯顶端，并且本在炉子前僵住了。
tr	O	她的身体仿佛木然了，并且她在动作中显得迷失了。
tr	O	查尔斯耸了耸一边的肩膀，正要回应，但是布朗温打断了他，举起一根食指。
tr	I	The Lord would be seen , and praying that lives would be changed , revelations would be made .
tr	O	她冲了进去，并且凯莉正脸朝下浮在水面上。
tr	O	她实际上不跳舞，但是看起来她会跳。
tr	O	我想让他们离开，而且我甚至会有这种感觉都是他的错！
tr	I	Her gray hair was neatly pulled into a bun , and Aunt Maya was wearing one of her nicer dresses .
tr	O	他并没有真正觉得她是正确的，但是他不喜欢那些明显认为她错了的矮人。
tr	O	理查德点击了一个名为“首页”的PDF文件附件，并且一个名为Adobe Reader的软件在他的桌面上打开了。
tr	O	我不知道饼干湾在哪里，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	There 's already a full pot , but I walk to the kitchen to make coffee .
tr	I	He looked beautiful to me , but he had injuries , sure .
tr	O	她动了动，找到了舒适的姿势，扭动身体抵着他坚硬的勃起，并且他大声呻吟起来。
tr	O	他将担任您的顾问之一，并且他的联系人将听候您的差遣。
tr	O	我告诉她我不会离开，并且她需要找另一个家。
tr	O	那艘船能看到他们身后的巨浪，并且他们正在逃离它。
tr	O	门是开着的，并且一辆白色轿车停在里面，车头朝外。
tr	O	那个年轻警察离开了，并且我跟着托雷斯进了屋子。
tr	O	她知道他很温柔，但是这真是太老套了。
tr	I	Inside my head , Elodie was practically dancing , and I felt my lips twist in a smirk .
tr	O	唯一知道她在苏格兰的人是菲利普，并且他几天内都不会指望有任何更新。
tr	I	The morning 's edition was no exception and Sports news was typically light on Wednesday .
tr	O	我知道他睡过觉了，因为我听到他从大厅那边打鼾的声音，但是他看起来确实不像那样。
tr	I	That were when I saw him , and my eyes set to casting about .
tr	O	朱莉点了一份煎蛋卷，并且莉亚点了一份沙拉配火鸡三明治。
tr	I	This was what he was expected to waste his time on and there was a bloody saboteur wrecking his ship .
tr	I	They strolled side by side toward the marina , and she agreed .
tr	O	我抓住了我的枪，并且在我能把枪架到肩上之前，澳洲野狗袭击了我。
tr	I	All he pulled out was a paper that had been rolled up , but Zayne stiffened .
tr	I	Kurt tightened his grip on his armrest , and the plane hit a patch of turbulence .
tr	I	I live on a dirt road and I 'm too young .
tr	O	我会告诉你我所能说的，但是我不能确定我能帮上多大忙。
tr	I	We bring life to the Shadow Kingdom , but he brings death to all things .
tr	I	She didn 't appear to be in distress , yet the woman was not dressed for the freezing weather .
tr	I	Still smelling like Sharpie and still damp .
tr	I	I 'll lose it , right here in the bar and the floodgates will open .
tr	O	我仍有大量的写作任务要完成，并且我不想在纽约完成。
tr	O	然后视频中断了，并且房间又变黑了。
tr	O	狼眼点了点头接受了，并且他深深地吸了一口烟。
tr	I	My joints felt immovable and I ached all over .
tr	O	一张巨大的四柱床占据了房间，但是它与维丽蒂以前见过的任何四柱床都不同。
tr	I	Professional appearances had to be kept , but it was annoying .
tr	I	A municipal airport came into view and Kyle turned sharply to the left .
tr	O	戴蒙的嘴角勾勒出微笑，但是他的金色眼睛里充满了敏锐的理解。
tr	I	He might get found out or he doesn 't want anyone finding bones on our side .
tr	I	While it was comforting , there was something else I would rather feel , and the softness of his T-shirt brushed against my arms .
tr	O	戈弗雷从背后推了我一下，并且我跪倒在地。
tr	O	罗姆人的警告传到了野兽的耳朵里，并且它立刻锁住了双腿。
tr	O	当她后退时，我们的目光相遇了，而且我无法从她的凝视中自拔。
tr	O	他努力不去看，但是这很困难。
tr	O	基尔默很奇怪，并且我妈妈……走了。
tr	O	她已经病过一次了，而且他能看到她挣扎着呼吸。
tr	O	我想她察觉到我们需要谈谈，而且现在只有我们两个人，这片乌云笼罩着我们。
tr	O	她稍微动了一下，并且提比略迅速地移开了视线，不希望她发现他在盯着看。
tr	O	我经过市界标志，并且笑容在我的脸上绽开了。
tr	I	Ani left without any explanation , shutting the door behind her , but it seemed warm enough in Indigo 's room , oppressive you might call it .
tr	O	公共汽车开始减速停下，并且我站了起来，急于离开。
tr	O	轻松的训练停止了，并且战争训练开始了。
tr	O	微风将咸湿的空气带到他们前方，并且棕榈叶在头顶沙沙作响。
tr	O	她父亲的脸涨红了，并且他看向门，仿佛随时都在期待妻子进入。
tr	I	Her hands rested on her hips and she wore a concerned expression on her face .
tr	O	楼梯对我来说很吃力，并且如果他不在，我就会单脚跳着下去。
tr	I	He wouldn 't have shot his mentor , but Chet thought Barrett was moving too slowly .
tr	O	我想她可能还活着，但是我不知道他的情况。
tr	O	炎热似乎比以前更糟，但是也许那是因为下面墓穴的寒冷。
tr	I	She hoped she didn 't live to regret it , and she couldn 't help feeling she 'd sold her soul to the devil .
tr	O	他知道时间不多了，并且他回到了旅店的主楼。
tr	O	她抬起下巴，而且他的目光落在她身上。
tr	O	琵雅跟着他走了，留下西蒙和我在展厅里独自站着。
tr	I	I was faced with change again , and the time flew by .
tr	I	Her chestnut eyes glowed beneath long lashes and her chocolate hair curled at her shoulders .
tr	O	她尽力分散加布里埃拉的恐惧，因为呼吸变得越来越困难，并且炽热的温度吞噬了他们。
tr	O	杰克仍然触碰着画框的背面，而且镜子里的景象正在改变。
tr	O	我多次尝试把你们都买下来，但是你们就是不听。
tr	I	It will never be you and I know what I need .
tr	I	He wanted to play games and my life was on the line .
tr	O	每年春天都会为她采摘新鲜的玫瑰，并且他尽可能经常陪她去看歌剧。
tr	I	It felt good , but it was a hunch .
tr	O	我拨打了特雷的电话，但是直接转到了语音信箱。
tr	O	我感到她的目光在我身上，但是 我只能想出借口。
tr	I	The storm ceased , and it grew dark .
tr	O	我不想吓你，但是 你是唯一有能力纠正这件事的人。
tr	O	丽娜闭着眼睛微笑，并且 她的脸颊贴在石板上。
tr	O	她继续寻找其他正在做清晨杂务的仆人，但是 她与之交谈的任何人都不知道他的下落。
tr	O	不，客户对生意一窍不通，但是 这对马克斯来说是好事。
tr	I	She wasn 't backing down without a fight , and part of me that had been repressed suddenly felt alive .
tr	I	He knew that I couldn 't stand Xavier and he didn 't know that I knew his brother before the class .
tr	O	地面向上倾斜，并且 行走变得有些困难。
tr	I	For some reason it made Thomas like Aris more , but that was a punch to the gut .
tr	I	Adrian 's blew mine away , but Jill had claimed I had an expensive wardrobe .
tr	I	He was gaining on me and it was Bo .
tr	I	Strangers offered them a new opportunity for fresh blood , perhaps even money , and they were poor .
tr	O	这正是他本周早些时候对自己说的，但是 他现在不喜欢听到这话。
tr	I	I couldn 't see being hopeful , but for it to happen to Heather would have been a miracle .
tr	O	转了个弯绕过街区，并且 她就在那里。
tr	I	He nodded , and I guessed .
tr	O	她给了他一个饱含蔑视的眼神，但是他无法被阻止。
tr	I	We 're flying back , and I 've rented a car , which I 'm dropping off in Florida .
tr	O	跑到蓝色区域只用了十分钟，并且他们一直都在向着午后飑线前进。
tr	I	I couldn 't even look to see Olivia 's response and I turned away from secondhand embarrassment .
tr	I	Birds were singing joyously , and the sunshine poured down .
tr	I	He hunches over , his body swaying and his face turns various shades of white .
tr	O	你去处理那里的事情，并且我会去照看伤员。
tr	I	Vivian plowed over her , but Claire started to speak .
tr	I	He had to clutch the rock to keep his balance , and the cage swung slightly as he watched it .
tr	O	权力格局已经转变了，并且我无法使其逆转。
tr	O	我对其中一个了如指掌，并且我知道真相。
tr	I	The anger in his voice was unmistakable , and finally Cisco spoke .
tr	I	I was famished from an hour at the gym , and I 'd had a long , unsatisfying day at school .
tr	I	He 'd vetoed the idea , but Khrushchev had wanted to come with him .
tr	I	He looked like he had grown a couple of feet and every muscle in his body was tense .
tr	I	That 's an entirely different matter , but I feed my birds , too .
tr	O	这很艰难，但是她设法有尊严地度过了这顿饭。
tr	I	There 's also a flicker of worry , a consciousness of time in his eyes , but Ari seems genuinely thrilled .
tr	O	他俯视着塔拉，并且她能看到他脑子里在快速思考。
tr	I	Another part of her knew it was more than that , but a part of her simply wasn 't ready for the trip to be over .
tr	I	Soon he 'd be underground and now they were zipping him up in a bag .
tr	O	伊莱娜最初的解释尝试在很大程度上被忽视了，但是接着她就他应尽的职责发表了一番严厉的训斥。
tr	O	在自习课上，她连续听了两盘冥想磁带，但是它们却只让她更加恼火。
tr	I	Light illuminated the stark arousal etched into his face , and morning rays of sunshine crept in through the window .
tr	I	I couldn 't say anything , and it was tearing me apart .
tr	I	Her left arm was numb , and it hurt to swallow .
tr	O	有些很高，并且有些很矮。
tr	O	我很久没有他这样的朋友了，而且这可能会毁掉这一切。
tr	I	Its effects were too slow for his liking , but the medicine was working .
tr	I	Eric had no desire at all for Jace to become a Guardian , and Jace had been about the right age to qualify .
tr	O	我们点点头，我们谁也不知道该如何对待她，而且我们还是她最亲密的朋友。
tr	O	看来他曾试图帮助她，但是出了些问题。
tr	O	你不必现在就修理它们，但是你确实必须能够发现它们。
tr	I	She 'd been so impressed when Joseph had seemed to not even notice them , but George had always shamelessly flirted back .
tr	I	His face became pallid , and his eyes glinted yellow .
tr	I	Together they headed toward the luggage carousel , and Summer slipped her arm around his waist .
tr	I	Most of these reflections had been for personal reasons , but Renton had considered quitting many times .
tr	O	她哥哥不情愿地让首席魔法师为她施展的咒语暂时抑制住了最糟糕的情况，但是铁条却感觉炽热。
tr	O	女武神咬住了嘴唇，并且粉红色的魔法火花在她指尖闪烁。
tr	I	The silverware gleamed and soft candlelight glowed .
tr	O	至少它已经停了，并且天空一片晴朗。
tr	I	Now the storm kicked up a notch , but I 'd been feeling very determined .
tr	I	General Fuller didn 't expect them to put up much resistance , but there were a few irregulars that had been looting the Northwest .
tr	I	He wasn 't willing to consider any other alternative , but Rocco wasn 't so sure .
tr	I	I sat on the edge of the bed heavily , and my voice broke .
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安在飞机上——确实在飞——，并且他根本不在乎。
tr	O	他们被撞得飞回墙壁，并且冲击让她喘不过气来。
tr	O	我一直想结婚，尽管如此，并且我一辈子都在练习。
tr	I	The sound bounced away to unknown depths , leaving my feathers a bristled ridge along my back and I whistled into the darkness .
tr	I	I was left scrambling at it , and a coat flew over my face .
tr	I	Royce wouldn 't let her , but she tried to sit up .
tr	O	像冈纳这样的男人不会轻易爱上别人，但是当他真的爱上时，那爱是吞噬一切的。
tr	O	我环顾四周，并且每个人都在微笑。
tr	I	The pain would be over and at least then he 'd know he 'd be dead soon .
tr	O	球洞在右侧，他离洞口只有20英尺，但是看起来很可能打出柏忌。
tr	O	他大口喘着气，并且鲜血从我咬过他的手上流出。
tr	I	I wanted to be home early and it was nearly dusk .
tr	O	我们中只需要一个人去，并且我宁愿那个人是我。
tr	I	I pull out a diamond necklace and a flash of something shiny gets me excited .
tr	O	吉米从她身上翻了下来，并且他们都跳了起来。
tr	I	I took it long enough to let him help me up , and James offered me his hand .
tr	I	I realize for the first time that he 's not wearing a shirt and he runs a hand through his hair .
tr	O	那是他第一次对她微笑，并且有一会儿她无法呼吸。
tr	I	A blissful sensation went down her spine , making her body quiver and their tongues touched .
tr	I	I didn 't even discuss it that often with him and Grant was the only one who knew the full story .
tr	O	他留了两三个抽屉开着，但是里面也没有小狗。
tr	O	像这种地方积聚的仇恨量令人恐惧，并且我甚至不是指我自己的仇恨。
tr	O	他朝我走来，并且再一次，我与后退的冲动作斗争。
tr	I	They were apparently willing to spy for her and she had friends all over the hotel .
tr	I	I wanted to kick myself and it sounded like an accusation .
tr	O	我一直在为这次竞选付出我所拥有的一切，而且我现在已经做了很长时间了。
tr	I	The painted representations obliged , and a soft wind blew .
tr	O	他的嘴唇抿紧了，并且他放下了咖啡。
tr	I	Mac sat on his and Lynn sat on her bed .
tr	O	她的指尖触到一个小小的圆形乳头，并且她无意识地用指尖搓弄着那块肉芽，一声叹息从她唇间逸出。
tr	I	She caught his gaze as it slipped from her shoes to her face , and David continued to smile at her .
tr	I	Dan ' r hadn 't known , but he had wondered why the arrow wobbled in midair .
tr	O	太阳照耀着，并且天空是蓝色的。
tr	O	莎莉向他们挥舞着手臂，但是他们似乎没有注意到她。
tr	I	Before walking out he turned to me , but I walked him to the door .
tr	O	她的笑容消失了，但是她点了点头。
tr	O	屋顶不见了，但是墙壁仍然立着。
tr	O	迈克的身体僵硬了，并且他的手臂收紧环抱着她，直到呼吸变得几乎不可能。
tr	I	She was his and he was hers .
tr	I	I still continued , but he didn 't turn , focusing on driving with one hand .
tr	O	他已经尽力善待他的孩子，但是他并非总是在他们身边。
tr	I	She nodded , but I wasn 't sure how much Jenna believed that .
tr	O	他L是对的，并且她因此而感到痛苦。
tr	I	She saw that Archie was outside her window , and the scratching was there , louder than ever .
tr	I	The trip had been a waste , but A bracelet she could cash in .
tr	I	She knew , but Sean hadn 't told her where the body was .
tr	I	She understood now that her heart didn 't lack certainty , but she was still nervous .
tr	I	He was fairly certain he could break something , but it wasn 't like he could steal it .
tr	O	他在新工作上玩得太开心了，并且我为他感到非常高兴。
tr	I	He kept leaving her , but she begged him to stay home with her .
tr	I	Before tonight they had never aroused her , but amusement parks had always excited Paige .
tr	I	I can 't , but I want to say something hopeful .
tr	I	None of you will argue this , and I think cigarettes killed Jacob Wood .
tr	I	He 'd moved on and it was a brief fling .
tr	O	这个消息令人刺痛，但是我预料到了。
tr	O	她的手在他身上游走，剥去他的衣物，抚摸着他，并且很快他就开始乞求，无法自持。
tr	O	她的目光与弟弟相遇，并且微笑变成了开怀大笑。
tr	O	我真的不知道两者会发生什么，但是兰开斯特似乎愿意为我解答。
tr	O	米克必须回去执勤，并且我必须回去找沃森。
tr	I	We know how to dance , but we may have been the smallest , poorest district in Panem .
tr	O	你最好不要未经我允许过多尝试，但是这很不错。
tr	I	I want to be there and I want to be here .
tr	I	He turned from his mother as a violent shudder racked his frame and the tension holding him released its grip .
tr	O	班纳特可以随心所欲，但是我不会放弃我做出的承诺。
tr	I	It wasn 't just the temperature and Sweat immediately formed on his brow .
tr	I	I know it and you know it .
tr	O	保罗胃里打的结让他几乎吃不下三明治，并且他只能勉强把食物吞下去。
tr	I	Her face had changed completely but it was just too far to hear what she was saying .
tr	O	他的父亲不知怎么赢得了抚养权，或者也许你的朋友觉得她无法独自抚养孩子。
tr	O	这是我第一次知道她的名字，然而它感觉像我自己的名字一样熟悉。
tr	I	I stopped , wondering if I had waited too long to eat and my stomach rolled .
tr	O	我们至今未能找到任何东西，并且这让我非常沮丧。
tr	I	Thousands died at sea , yet enough got through so that Ebola began spreading across Europe creating chaos and the hungry still came .
tr	O	我试图转身，听到有东西从我身后靠近，但是我却只让自己从树上荡了下去。
tr	O	那是一种不合逻辑的反应，并且我必须将其摒弃。
tr	O	随着她打开她拿着的杂志，我们之间安静下来，并且我意识到那是一本婚礼杂志。
tr	I	The exterior was surprisingly featureless , like a corporate office building , but the interior of Northern Aggression might have been all lush elegance .
tr	O	他的表情让我更加生气，但是我也知道他是对的。
tr	O	他环顾房间，并且我也是。
tr	I	She winces , and I say , nearly shouting .
tr	O	他几乎每天都带着花出现在我家门口，而且我很快就被他迷住了。
tr	O	这些作品让他们感到不舒服，并且他们没有放过机会告诉希罗这些作品有多么淫秽。
tr	O	女人们正在靠近主堡，并且士兵们正在搜查整个外围。
tr	O	那个女人笑了，而且现在她非常非常漂亮。
tr	I	All I could do was hope he didn 't kill me , and the cuts from the previous days beating hadn 't healed yet .
tr	I	Something about his infuriating nature made me forget about my other worries , but it made no sense .
tr	I	He was also looking at the seal , but Mr. Melamed was listening .
tr	I	My smile grew , and said Ron nervously .
tr	O	她没有料到，并且这让她分心了一会儿。
tr	I	She needed to hear him say it , but she had a feeling she already knew .
tr	O	他可能有些偏执，但是小心谨慎总比粗心大意好。
tr	O	她总是经过人群，而且他们只是因为塞巴斯蒂安撞到他们而生气。
tr	O	问，并且你将收到。
tr	I	I flicked it open with my good hand and a builder 's toolbox lay beside the hoist .
tr	O	我拉了一下，并且门就开了。
tr	O	他们无声的死亡剥夺了恐怖分子所渴望的荣耀，并且为此，尼尔心存感激。
tr	I	Then the reverend spoke again , and Jared touched my face once .
tr	I	She could see that Hilda 's match started only a few seconds ago , so she hadn 't missed much , and Lea got to her seat .
tr	I	As he talked , a dramatic change came over her face and his face was inches from hers now .
tr	O	我去上班，并且然后我回到我的公寓。
tr	I	He quickly regained control of himself , but Julian 's eyes rolled for a brief moment .
tr	O	她从未故意虐待我，但是当加德把我的女儿们交给她时，她从未质疑。
tr	O	这看起来很冒险，但是无法避免。
tr	I	Tears wouldn 't come , but she wanted to weep .
tr	O	这一定是西蒙的房间，而且我想知道他为什么不再需要它了。
tr	O	我应该为观众保持公正，但是在这种情况下，这对我来说会很难。
tr	O	我沿着走廊看去，但是詹姆斯没有上钩。
tr	O	这个小动作很可爱，而且他走过来时我扭动着马尾辫的末端。
tr	I	He was so big and she was so wet for him .
tr	O	一个冲了过来，并且我手腕一抖就把他扔进了挤满道路的茂密榆树丛中。
tr	I	I felt like crying , but my eyes were dry .
tr	I	Most people wear them hoping they won 't be hit ( unlike us ) and they are incredibly thin nowadays .
tr	O	我把这条消息看了五遍，而且每看一遍，我就越生气。
tr	O	我刚刚看到了我明明还活着的姐姐，而且她的痛苦几乎要了我的命。
tr	I	Tired and then this morning she 'd looked pale as a ghost .
tr	O	门开了，并且两人的头都转了过去。
tr	O	她遇见他时还是个处女，但是即使没有任何经验她也知道他与众不同。
tr	O	他们头顶上的电视轰鸣着，但是她更喜欢喧闹声而不是回荡的寂静。
tr	O	我的握力大概像新生婴儿一样弱，并且我似乎无法控制自己的体重。
tr	O	我抓住了他的头发，并且他大叫，当我猛地把他的头往后一拉时。
tr	O	他的眼睛凸了出来，并且他的皮肤是褪色羊皮纸的颜色。
tr	O	她用力抚摸他，并且他放松了对她的压迫。
tr	I	At this point Daddy wasn 't doing much to convince me otherwise , but I truly didn 't want to believe it .
tr	O	手电筒在泰身上扫过，并且厄尔把光停在他的手上。
tr	I	They 've talked about what it was like over there , but they 've never talked much about the actual fighting they did .
tr	I	The bottom line still hadn 't changed , but he may be in love with her .
tr	O	他与杰米目光相遇，但是杰米只是耸了耸肩。
tr	I	He was naked ... and I 'd had a dream about Conrad .
tr	I	She does it quite on purpose and she knows what she is doing .
tr	O	我聆听着他远去的脚步声，但是周围一片寂静。
tr	I	I could still see his bright red ears , but he looked away , as if that would hide his flushed cheeks .
tr	O	比尔正要让他解释，但是他们被科林的到来打断了。
tr	O	门开了，并且普莉希拉进来了。
tr	I	The blood was already seeping through it , but a tourniquet had been applied .
tr	I	In that moment I knew , and Everything was suddenly too much .
tr	I	Your social life hasn 't changed and you 've moved across the state .
tr	O	我试图转身，但是他的手臂像铁一样环绕着我。
tr	O	我轻轻地笑了，并且他调整了姿势，使自己仰卧着。
tr	I	I 'm not completely immune , but I may be emotionally damaged .
tr	O	它让我昏迷了几天，但是它没有杀死我。
tr	O	它听起来很近，但是实际上，它大约在两英里外。
tr	I	I 's relationship in that way and I had never thought of Hunter .
tr	O	恐惧没有消失，但是它变得更容易接受了。
tr	I	I once again had the strength to continue and my mind accepted that readily .
tr	I	The bat took me straight in the face and the woman behind me swung again .
tr	I	She doesn 't even know it , and she 's going to fall in a moment .
tr	O	那触碰让她颤抖，并且她无法止住流淌的泪水，当她把他拉向自己时，尝到了它们的咸味。
tr	O	我怀疑我看到了总统胡子下的一丝微笑，但是他很好地克制住了。
tr	I	My voice was hoarse but I started to talk .
tr	O	那里有许多四层楼的相似建筑，并且如果你不熟悉这个区域，你很容易迷路。
tr	O	他喊叫着，并且我能听到他吞咽的声音。
tr	I	We 'd be ruined , and something would leak somehow .
tr	O	早晨可能开局有点艰难，但是情况正在好转。
tr	I	I am tied so tightly the bonds cut my flesh , but me , I seem as if I can do as I wish .
tr	O	杰姆在点头，但是即使在这个距离，泰莎也能看出威尔，他双臂抱胸，不肯合作。
tr	I	I 'm not satisfied , but the brain is gone .
tr	I	They shall all return to me in the end and they all came from me .
tr	I	The perimeter guard increasingly threatening and although he had agreed the plan Greg began to find the abandoned space between him .
tr	O	当巴克最终醒来时，太阳仍然高挂在空中，但是他却像睡了一整夜一样精神焕发。
tr	O	这都以某种古怪的方式说得通，但是我仍然公开否认它。
tr	I	He didn 't push for an explanation , but the curt reply brought a hint of a raised eyebrow to Bobo 's face .
tr	O	他迅速点头表示同意，并且我松开了我的手。
tr	I	I was startled to realize I was breathless as well , and he sat up , breathless .
tr	O	他想钻到车下面，但是那只手不让他走。
tr	O	他现在应该已经习惯了，但是他的脾气仍然经常让他失去理智。
tr	O	我父亲终于恢复了正常生活，并且在戴夫叔叔的帮助下，他甚至重新开始经营他的公司。
tr	O	莫伊拉盯着我，仍然很害怕，但是我足够安抚她，让她释放她的酸性魔法。
tr	O	他的胸膛因她知道一定是咆哮的声音而颤动，并且他把自己从她身边拉开。
tr	I	We don 't have time for that today but we also shoot a fair bit of trap .
tr	O	我能感觉到眼睛刺痛，并且我绝不会让他看到我哭。
tr	O	阿里今天早上在他们逛商店时给他买了它，并且提奥骄傲地穿着它。
tr	I	I was going to stand by it , and I 'd told him I was going to quit .
tr	O	我的眼睛眯成细缝，并且灯光太刺眼了。
tr	I	Then I decide I want it that way , and I hesitate because the shirt reveals my scars .
tr	I	She paused for a minute to enjoy its warmth , and the sun streamed through a crack in the canopy above onto that very spot .
tr	I	She doesn 't work here and they 're looking for Tabitha .
tr	O	总之，算是吧，并且疼痛只是生活的一部分。
tr	I	My heart stopped and I saw him .
tr	O	泪水从她脸颊滚落，并且她的呼吸变得急促。
tr	I	You told me that you had gone home before the fire started and you are the only other person who was present when it happened .
tr	O	他感觉到有什么东西从他面前穿过，并且然后一个宽阔的开放空间在他身边打开了。
tr	O	海泽尔似乎不关心他的行为，但是她似乎从没被任何事困扰过。
tr	O	她小心翼翼地取下其中一张照片，并且它的背面写着意大利1944年。
tr	O	那个生物可能感觉到了他，但是他看不到它。
tr	I	Nothing came to me , but I concentrated hard .
tr	O	每个女孩都爱他，并且我认为我没有机会。
tr	I	He is distracted by nothing but his glossy dark hair slants across his forehead .
tr	I	A bolt of black energy launched from its rotten fingertips and it shrieked .
tr	O	纳什在他的工装裤口袋里装了一些，并且我手里拿着几件。
tr	I	I touch a finger to my lips , hastily , but George 's eyes shift to me .
tr	O	到目前为止他表现得很好，但是他却不知道我为他准备了什么。
tr	I	Several rows back spotted Grace and as he drew breath he looked into the crowd .
tr	I	She 'd been ostracized for it and maybe she 'd been associated with me already .
tr	O	我向韩多问了一些关于他家人的问题，并且他给我的信息比之前多了一些。
tr	I	It was frozen shut but someone tried the door .
tr	O	十五分钟后，车库门轰隆隆地打开了，并且他将他那辆老式银色保时捷911缓缓开到了车道边。
tr	O	艾娃提出送我一程，但是我决定自己开车，这样我就不必待那么久。
tr	O	那扇巨大的铁门吱呀一声开了，并且我准备挥动。
tr	O	威尔弗雷德现在是我的秘书，并且他会在这里告诉你该怎么做。
tr	O	谈话停止了一会儿，但是我们还没有准备好睡觉。
tr	O	那台电脑很干净，但是惠特尼有她的工作要做。
tr	I	At least I could live with it , or I 'd always been okay with him sleeping with women .
tr	O	一种不愉快的感觉涌上心头，并且红夫人紧紧地抓住马的鬃毛，以至于那匹畜生都畏缩了一下。
tr	I	By the third day the guy was getting bitchy because the work was going so slowly , but it 'd been all right for a couple days .
tr	O	她这周非常想念他，并且只要想到他上次在她体内时的情景，热意就涌上她的大腿之间。
tr	I	The view is refreshing and the baggage of the old is left behind .
tr	O	你的家族侍奉得很好，但是我们不能允许你将长矛置于险境。
tr	I	I don 't trust you and 'cause she likes you more than she wants to .
tr	O	埃琳娜先发现了我，并且我犹豫着是否要逃跑。
tr	I	His eyes couldn 't betray the warmth that he felt for his friend , but his tone was harsh .
tr	O	以不朽者的标准来看，十年并非特别漫长的时间跨度，但是对安吉拉来说，维持一段这么久的感情是件大事。
tr	I	Evie wondered how he could be happy about it and ' Yeah , totally flattened , ' he smirked .
tr	O	我母亲最后一晚的所有记忆都涌上心头，然而我仍然对那些感受保持沉默。
tr	I	I felt uncomfortable , and it was dark .
tr	O	他简短地看了她一眼，并且他看起来很惊讶她理解他的痛苦。
tr	I	She was nowhere to be found , but I scurried out into the hallway , determined to explain things to Jenny .
tr	O	尖锐的反驳涌到她舌尖，但是蜜丽莎却让它过去了。
tr	I	Wink followed him down the bank of the river even while he was weaving between other Shades , but Arik tried to move away .
tr	O	她对我主动提出的赞美回应得并不真心，但是我现在连最微小的赞扬都会接受。
tr	O	它从他的皮肤上滑落，没有触碰到他，但是恶魔们尖叫起来，因为它们的皮毛着火了。
tr	I	Her voice had a soft rasp that hadn 't yet gone away and it still hurt to swallow .
tr	I	She closed her eyes and Exhaustion finally won out .
tr	I	He was staring out toward the beach and his back was to me .
tr	I	There was no answer , but I rapped on it .
tr	I	It landed next to Eduard and the goblin lost his grip on his sword .
tr	I	I started relaxing into him and he started stroking my hair .
tr	O	疼痛并不严重，但是火星上没有脊椎按摩师，所以我没有冒险。
tr	O	她打开了门，并且我跟着她进去了。
tr	I	She saw him stop as something caught his attention , and she watched him stride toward the Liaison 's Office .
tr	O	有很多街道号码，但是只有四个街道名称出现在列表中。
tr	I	I take off running for him and my feet fly down the steps .
tr	O	然而客人们笑了起来，并且阿比盖尔也加入了他们。
tr	O	斯蒂芬总能迅速改变谈话方向，而且他们现在正在谈论新的秋季电视节目。
tr	O	只要看一眼，任何人都会清楚他拒绝享受，但是不知何故我感觉自己被他吸引了。
tr	I	I 've got an appointment , and your place is on the way to my dentist .
tr	O	蒂莫西的手因电梯里的缆绳而烧伤了，并且她能感觉到前臂上的伤口。
tr	O	他坚信这一点，否则他早就通过任何必要手段把那艘船毁掉了。
tr	O	我一直想见她，但是我想那永远不会发生了。
tr	I	Deb told her not to worry , but Sera told Deb about her concern .
tr	O	将她的双腿滑过一张不存在的床垫，让它们悬空在不存在的边缘。
tr	I	Her legs promptly gave out and Ever stood .
tr	O	她生活在飓风眼中，并且它突然变得令人恐惧。
tr	I	She wouldn 't listen , but I told your mother .
tr	I	She tried to formulate a response that would expose his illogic , and he was talking circles around her .
tr	I	I stretched out beside her , tucking her warm body close , and I got her under the covers .
tr	O	奈特和其他喷气机队成员商议了，但是这个计划没有打动他。
tr	O	奥尔加举手了，并且他叫了她的名字。
tr	I	I found the key and she kept them in a locked case in her parlor .
tr	O	乔乔曾试图向她解释玛德琳已经去世了，但是我不知道莫伊拉是否明白。
tr	O	锁咔嗒一声响了，并且门开了。
tr	O	我畏缩了一下，预期着烟雾、火焰、撕心裂肺的痛苦——那是银子接触到任何形态的狼人时通常的反应，但是什么也没发生。
tr	I	She was still frightened , but he did not seem as menacing .
tr	O	你是她最后一个认真对待的人，而且那是，五年前的事了？
tr	I	I know that this is the beginning of something wonderful and I slide the shiny metal band on to his finger .
tr	I	He forced himself to check his anger and he saw the reports in his head .
tr	O	我想我已经做出了选择，并且维诺娜就是那个选择。
tr	I	My heart pounded sluggishly , and there was a good chance the school would call home since I was missing my afternoon classes .
tr	I	He 'll stay so and he 's completely safe .
tr	O	他把刀举向天花板，并且光线随着这个动作从刀上闪烁出来。
tr	I	I felt like I was floating and I knew the smile on my face stretched from ear to ear .
tr	O	那个特里斯坦是我过去的一部分，并且我想知道和昆顿在一起会有多难，看到他不同的一面。
tr	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she sounded wild .
tr	O	我不确定她是否完全原谅了我抛弃女王的行为，但是至少她又开始和我说话了。
tr	O	她很紧张，但是当他用拇指划过她的皮肤时，她放松了下来。
tr	O	我试图让她动一动，但是她却一动不动。
tr	I	His throat was raw and his voice was raspy .
tr	I	His eyes brightened , and a muscle flexed in his jaw .
tr	I	I didn 't sense any danger , but maybe Aura was right about walking into a trap .
tr	I	This time he pushes to his feet before circling around so that he 's standing in front of me , and Ethan pulls away from me again .
tr	O	我们是兄弟，并且真正的兄弟情谊会穿透皮肤直达灵魂。
tr	I	There was a shrill quality to the sound , but she laughed to show it was a joke .
tr	I	If she weren 't madly in love with someone else , she might have found the man attractive and she turned to the face behind the voice .
tr	I	She had to do it , but of course this was dangerous .
tr	O	她一直把哥哥想象成一个女孩，而且他当然不像一条长鳞的蛇。
tr	I	We shook on it , and I stuck out my hand .
tr	I	She also knew she was biased , but of course she thought hers was one of the most important .
tr	I	I felt as if the only energy left inside of me was my tether , but I wished I could see his expression .
tr	I	He could see the light glinting on countless tiny pearls and she wore the same bloodstained negligee .
tr	O	他的声音颤抖了，但是他很快恢复了过来。
tr	O	玛丽奥妮特的语气变得严厉起来，而且我惊讶地看着她。
tr	O	他想他应该感谢霍沃思，但是他没有。
tr	I	He rocked her a little more , and soft laughter floated from his mouth .
tr	O	并且不应该考虑这些事情，但是很难把自己看作已婚之人。
tr	O	然而，克里斯写的东西没有什么令人担忧的，但是这个想法让她的兴奋变得真切可感。
tr	I	The wound was on his head , but Jax was trying to be tough .
tr	O	那天学校过得真快，但是我一直经历的这种模糊感却反复出现。
tr	O	许多枪声一下子都响了，但是他们只看到了一次。
tr	I	Her face went blank and Maria looked at him .
tr	O	大卫没有要求谢尔顿来，并且他当然也没有要求被强迫每天和他在一起。
tr	I	More importantly , she needed someone she could trust to listen and she needed to talk .
tr	I	The idea came to him right out of his bones , and he brought his hand up , with his own blood .
tr	O	他发出了咕噜声，并且我打了他胳膊一下。
tr	I	The cargo door slid open , and the Athena touched down with a soft tremor .
tr	I	His shoulder was twisted to give him momentum and his right leg was bent forward .
tr	O	他试图用膝盖撞凯文，但是凯文用自己的身体将他压在墙上。
tr	O	我知道“心”从这里看起来不远，但是它实际上很远。
tr	O	那男孩几乎没有胡子可刮，然而他们却派他出去追捕一个疯子。
tr	O	当我的躯干碰到刺骨的寒冷时，我想要尖叫，但是我一进去，我的头就沉了下去。
tr	O	第一滴眼泪落下，戴维斯就站了起来，并且他用安慰的臂膀抱住莉，在她倾泻悲伤的时候。
tr	I	Then plundered the warm heat of her mouth , seeking out every corner , and he sucked it into his mouth .
tr	I	I wasn 't complaining , but I preferred salad dressing over mayonnaise on my tuna .
tr	O	乔琳是个完美主义者，并且我已经习惯了她那种强迫症般的方式。
tr	I	Nobody quite felt like Savannah , but sure , he had dated a few girls in the last two years .
tr	O	外面的虚空立即吸走了飞船内所有松散的物品，并且飞船内部的气压在里面制造了一场小型杂物爆炸。
tr	O	她的心告诉她要离开，但是她的双脚却无法动弹，她继续打量着那个拥有惊人力量的男人。
tr	O	我彻底迷失了，而且我不知道我有多么需要你，直到你走进我的门。
tr	O	梅里莎坐了起来，并且弹簧吱呀作响。
tr	I	I got a look at him , and he walked out of the shadows .
tr	O	我胸中的情感爆发了，并且我现在明白了。
tr	O	我把撒谎变成了一门艺术，格罗特先生，而你只是个有天赋的业余爱好者。
tr	O	凯特脸色依然有些发红，并且我竭尽全力才忍住没有无情地取笑她。
tr	I	It would take a few years but sure they could fly to Mars .
tr	O	疑虑开始滋生，但是她随即想起自己是多么渴望弄清一切。
tr	O	当然，泽尔有不同的看法，并且她明确表达了自己的观点。
tr	I	Yet she couldn 't prevent the automatic rush of concern , and his well-being no longer had anything to do with her .
tr	I	Seeing the kids again will calm him down , and his head will clear once we are out in the woods .
tr	I	She wasn 't there either and he sprinted to the nearby restaurant .
tr	O	这让他重新审视了过去的自己，并且他不喜欢他所看到的一切。
tr	I	It was at himself that he directed his anger but he was pissed .
tr	I	You cannot change what I am , but you can be my everything .
tr	I	I kept my eyes pulled shut until she left my room without another word , but mom seemed to be waiting , watching ... minutes passed .
tr	O	他专心聆听，并且随后他听到窗台上有一丝微弱的动静。
tr	I	I grew bored and it was a slow day .
tr	O	迪恩完全迷上了她，但是她不领情。
tr	O	抓住她的手臂，他阻止了她离开，但是她不愿面对他。
tr	O	我从未见过他那一面，并且我不想相信它一直都在。
tr	I	He didn 't question , but Eddie 's brow furrowed .
tr	I	The greatest empire was ready to be born , and our democracy 's life was ending .
tr	O	她很爱戴那位年长的女性，但是有必要给她一个教训。
tr	O	我僵住了，并且他叹了口气停了下来。
tr	O	那是一辆红色的十八轮大卡车，并且它的货柜车厢标明是冷冻肉类。
tr	I	I wasn 't and once again I had the unsettling feeling that he was grown up .
tr	I	His features hold something unreadable , but his tone is amused .
tr	O	他们可能躲在某个地方，但是她最小的孩子得了绝症。
tr	I	I did my best to hold it in but a deep rage started to build inside me .
tr	I	There was a wall filled with filing cabinets on the side of the room and the desk was covered in lots of paperwork .
tr	O	亨利不知道他是怎么到那里的，但是他发现自己身处一条结满冰的废弃街道上。
tr	O	这是我的事，并且只属于我。
tr	O	阿什伸出手，并且我让他把我拉了起来。
tr	I	I jumped up to help her and Mrs. Johnson bustled into the room with a large tray .
tr	O	他开始说话，并且她必须集中注意力才能听到他的话，因为在内心深处她只听到自己的心碎声。
tr	I	It was all I could do not to launch myself into his arms , and the wind gently blew , wafting his scent in my direction .
tr	I	It had all been in my head , and obviously there wasn 't anything there .
tr	O	他刚让她自生自灭，并且这总是最终的结果。
tr	I	I barely felt it , but wind whipped around us .
tr	O	我花了多年才存下它，但是现在你拥有了它。
tr	O	他挺直了身子，站着，并且他抓住她手腕的力道也把她拉了起来。
tr	I	I drop the stick and terror courses through me .
tr	O	她没有，但是她觉得自己有义务说点什么。
tr	I	His spicy aftershave was even better close up , and he tasted faintly of the whiskey he 'd had a few hours ago .
tr	I	Some shapes resolved out of the glare , but it was hard for Fintan to see .
tr	O	一块锯齿状的岩石尖锐地硌着我的背，并且疼痛从我的肋骨射向我的肩膀。
tr	O	史蒂文喊了一声，但是什么也没有动。
tr	O	我用力吞咽了一下，但是那个疙瘩却牢牢地卡在我的喉咙里，纹丝不动。
tr	I	Some will pour and some will slice .
tr	O	我教她怎么装满它，并且她就出门了。
tr	I	That 's bad for both of us , and he already knows I care about Rachel .
tr	O	请帮助我帮助他完成这次转变，并且我们感谢您对我们的爱。
tr	O	我对你父母了如指掌，并且，当然，我了解你。
tr	O	我有一个似乎不存在的房间，而且，我觉得里面住着鬼吗？
tr	I	Yet he wasn 't satisfied , and he 'd gotten what he wanted .
tr	I	In the next moment , slid into his seat and Jared shut the door .
tr	I	It was so heavy now but I tried to lift it .
tr	O	没错，我不会因为瘦几磅而消失，但是，我对我的身体很满意。
tr	O	他是如此严肃，而且，他目视前方，完全沉默地开着车。
tr	O	当他的皮肤碰到我的时，我准备跳起来，但是，奇怪的是，在最后一秒，我没有。
tr	O	我点头回应，而且，她安静了一分钟。
tr	I	That had completely thrown her off her game and she 'd felt Matt watching her all night .
tr	I	She hated flying and it was exhausting .
tr	I	I haven 't been given a key and the door is normally locked up tight anyway .
tr	I	I had an ironclad promise from Edward that I would not be subjected to that again , but the big dance was this coming weekend .
tr	I	Dirk looked at it for a moment , and Aaron handed him the sheathed dagger .
tr	O	佩吉叹了口气，而且，鲍勃感觉到她很紧张。
tr	O	他温暖的呼吸拂过她的脸，而且，她试图屏住呼吸。
tr	O	至少我在掌舵，并且我面前有图表。
tr	O	它们只是话语，但是他温和的语气传达了更多。
tr	I	I leaned heavily against him , panting , and we moved to sit on the edge of the stage together .
tr	O	几分钟后我感觉到他身体放松了，并且我很快跟着他入睡了。
tr	O	我们让他们都以为我们与他们结盟，但是我们保留了我们的支持。
tr	I	We headed toward the entrance , and I took his arm again .
tr	O	我会非常失望，是的，但是我不能因此责怪他。
tr	I	I guess that means we 've won this important race , and we are the first to reach the great outer space .
tr	O	对我来说，那一直是个愚蠢的爸爸笑话，但是他没错。
tr	I	She 'd really be in trouble , or Thank God he had such a gruff personality .
tr	I	He didn 't turn around , but he stopped where he was .
tr	O	她听到了他声音中的犹豫，并且她想象着他意识到批评她并不是讨好她的最佳开场白。
tr	O	光线不好，但是从我的角度来看，那画面看起来就像一个顾客可以直接走进他的画里。
tr	O	他的头发竖着，像他刚用手抓过一样，并且他的眼睛闪烁着怒火。
tr	I	As he came through the side door , his attention was drawn to the garden , and he parked in the garage when he got home .
tr	O	许多人是单身，并且许多人未婚。
tr	O	它在我几米外停了下来，并且我慢慢缩短了距离，手臂伸开，糖果放在手掌上。
tr	O	供应三明治和甜点的小商店飞快闪过。
tr	I	It would have to wait until the morrow , but she had intended to tell him about Stephen .
tr	O	我知道这对我来说有多难，并且我感觉生不如死。
tr	O	我有可以倾诉的人，并且他很能跟上我的节奏。
tr	O	他们寡不敌众，并且他不得不想象克雷格派出了他最优秀的一些人去夺取那艘船。
tr	O	歌曲结束了，并且人群欢呼起来。
tr	I	I love you more every day because of it , and you 're flawed just like the rest of us .
tr	I	The day got later and the temperature was cooling as shadows grew longer .
tr	O	凝视着她，我张开嘴想说些什么，但是却无言以对。
tr	I	It was appealing , but maybe it wasn 't luxurious .
tr	I	Something made her heart nearly stop , but she began to turn away again .
tr	O	她的另一只手放在臀部旁边，手掌朝上，并且她的眼镜在房间另一侧的边桌上。
tr	I	You weren 't , but everyone else is too scared to stand up to her .
tr	O	他太像个绅士了，不会带她上自己的床，然而房子的其他地方却反映出这种不带个人色彩的空间。
tr	I	We 'll have to stop making the jeans and my supervisor reckons our budget will be cut soon .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be found , but I had been hoping Max would be there so I could tell him all about the weekend .
tr	I	I push them away , but the images keep coming .
tr	O	听到迦勒的名字，我的心猛地一缩，并且我想为她说了那些话而对她大喊大叫。
tr	I	He didn 't go without a fight , but he should be regarded as much a deserter as all the others .
tr	O	我不知道这是不是爱，并且我也不认为科尔比知道。
tr	I	I was afraid my schooling was showing and I noticed Mr. Crutchfield 's quiet interest .
tr	O	我仍然不知道麦克到底发生了什么，但是我也不确定自己是否想知道。
tr	I	Tomas had known him well , but he was old enough to just remember the physician 's existence .
tr	I	In their summer suits they make quite a pair , and it had been commissioned of the brothers last spring .
tr	I	I couldn 't move through it either , but I couldn 't feel it .
tr	O	当时我的生活有点混乱，并且分心似乎是一个好的补救办法。
tr	O	这对我来说都很新，并且我想了解事情是如何运作的。
tr	O	你还穿着昨晚的工作服，并且你昨晚根本没回到你的房间。
tr	I	He 's talking and he 's got his phone .
tr	I	There may be similarities between the two of you but I know you have never seen a photo of him .
tr	O	我一整天都情绪低落，并且我正努力让自己振作起来。
tr	I	He still hadn 't managed to not make the powder fly everywhere when he was using it , but Simon could change a diaper expertly .
tr	I	Her slender hands were settled in her lap , and her hair was still pooled around her shoulders .
tr	O	他们等得越久，声音就变得越清晰，并且萨姆知道有什么东西在移动。
tr	I	Now they were all that was left in his meager life , and whatever the reason , the survivors looked to him for guidance .
tr	O	我来这里是为了见某人，并且如果她能找到我，我就会知道她也不是。
tr	O	艾莉看向米洛斯，但是他只是耸了耸肩。
tr	O	当赛的脚接触到水泥平台时，手电筒被移开，并且舱门被关上。
tr	I	Obviously they 'd managed it so far , but she hadn 't thought it possible in the darkness .
tr	I	I felt cool currents of air wash over me and the environmental temperature levels in my suit adjusted accordingly .
tr	O	婚礼彩排就在今晚，并且我不明白我们怎么能取消它。
tr	O	他可能会绊倒，并且他必须把老鼠尽可能地引开，远离所有人。
tr	I	Neither were they locked , so opening them was no trouble , but there was no doorknob on the door , on any doors .
tr	I	Darcy 's face flooded with color and he asked .
tr	O	又来了，我清楚地知道即将发生什么，并且我必须尽快阻止这场迷雾。
tr	I	They 're going to keep him overnight , but he 's getting a breathing treatment now .
tr	I	It was as if his power grew , but his eyes held sparks of all those colors .
tr	I	Her eyes move to my hair and my mom looks back at me .
tr	I	The turnips vile and the sausages smelled delicious .
tr	I	Her knuckles cracked as well , but the McGill squeezed Allie 's hand so hard , not only did the cookie shatter .
tr	O	我非常想给她打电话，但是 我不知道该说什么。
tr	O	我没有什么不同，并且我做得很好。
tr	O	我的心狂跳，并且我的血脉贲张。
tr	O	这对她意义重大，而且她无法掩饰。
tr	O	她在办公桌前坐下，并且不到五分钟后，她的蜂鸣器响了。
tr	O	她的嘴唇微启，并且她的脸朝我稍稍转过来，将耳朵凑近我的嘴巴，以便她能更好地听清我。
tr	I	He just gives me one of those side smiles , and I say his name .
tr	O	翠绿的草地到头了，并且地面骤然垂直向下延伸。
tr	I	There was no title on the spine , but it had a purple leather cover .
tr	O	我说话了，并且我母亲紧握了我的手，无声地命令我停止说话。
tr	O	地面正快速向我冲来，但是我不会撞到它。
tr	I	So far , she hadn 't , but she 'd said she would call .
tr	O	查理向凯特解释了他的想法，并且她同意他们可以冒险白天去餐馆。
tr	O	他思索着这一点，但是他无法拒绝。
tr	O	外面很冷，并且我们两个都没穿外套。
tr	I	Instead they softened , melted , and the fury left her eyes .
tr	O	我是小斯坦利，并且我已经做出了我的贡献。
tr	O	囚犯一记上勾拳打在他的肚子上，但是那个被标记的人已经失去了躲避拳头的兴趣。
tr	O	他是新鲜的猎物，并且他们对他感兴趣显而易见。
tr	O	闪光的亮度迫使他闭上眼睛，并且在那一刻，他感到了电流穿过身体的灼热疼痛。
tr	I	She gave a weak nod , but she was still scared out of her mind .
tr	O	艾比对她粲然一笑，并且萨默尔挑了挑眉。
tr	I	I felt the same for them , and I knew that either of these fellows would die defending me .
tr	I	Thankfully , Sabrina wasn 't around wielding a gun , and Marcus was waiting for me just inside the door .
tr	O	你没有把枪放在她手里，并且你也不是劫持人质的人。
tr	I	Her eyes lit up but her smile was wavering .
tr	I	I kissed the top of his head and my fingers wove into his thick hair .
tr	O	起初她跑进了自己的房间，但是他告诉她不能跑。
tr	O	她的声音逐渐消失，并且她沉默了一会儿。
tr	O	男孩们在地下室有脚踏车，并且她用她弄来的冰箱盒子做了“车库”。
tr	O	我无法控制它，并且我只想笑。
tr	I	I could also help free her , but that not only could I help put my mom behind bars .
tr	O	亚历克感觉到一丝警惕的颤栗掠过她的思绪，但是他无法读懂其中的细节。
tr	O	树林冠层提供了一些保护，但是汉克越来越确定猎人正在通过体温，使用红外线追踪他们。
tr	O	警卫们互相看了一眼，但是他们的决心没有改变。
tr	I	She preferred outrageous miniskirts and he wore conservative suits .
tr	O	他打电话请病假，并且我们没等他就离开了。
tr	O	我已经等了半小时了，并且演出十分钟后开始。
tr	I	He kept coming back , but I kept dodging him .
tr	O	我们下车了，并且似乎没有人发现我们的到来。
tr	O	恐惧涌上心头，并且她感到一阵眩晕。
tr	I	Bringing you back was more important , but we knew there would be dangers .
tr	I	He sat across from me , putting my legs over his powerful thighs and I was pulled up to a sitting position .
tr	O	这种讨论很奇怪，但是雷金纳德喜欢它。
tr	O	不知何故她知道我没死，并且她决心把我从藏身之处带出来。
tr	I	Her horror deepened and he brought the other one up .
tr	O	我最初的想法是否认它，但是当我们继续互相凝视时，怒火涌上心头。
tr	I	I felt nothing and my hands were inside the rock .
tr	I	It fell apart in my hands and I clutched the shirt to me .
tr	I	The sudden silence felt ominous , but she liked the new delay feature that let the music stay on after the engine was off .
tr	I	His shoulders were back , and his smile was huge .
tr	I	He was back to me , and there was a quick pause .
tr	I	He was gone , but Kelly looked back at Steve !
tr	I	The pairs changed , too , and at last the music changed .
tr	I	He would cherish them always , and these books were his mother 's treasures .
tr	O	我不记得他坐在我旁边，但是他就在这里。
tr	O	当你是自己的老板时，请假并不容易，但是回报却丰厚得多。
tr	I	I shuffled my feet to answer it and the room phone rang .
tr	O	一声沮丧的尖叫声穿透了我，并且我的手臂垂到我身边。
tr	O	她是个搜寻者，不过，并且搜寻者理应敏锐。
tr	I	She couldn 't break through my defenses either - but I couldn 't hurt her - not seriously .
tr	O	她还有几个空缺要填补，但是到目前为止，团队组建得很顺利。
tr	O	她把手从我手中抽走，并且我发现法比安正皱眉看着我。
tr	I	She could do something about it , or she could keep protesting the crap being shoveled her way .
tr	I	A couple people standing nearby glanced at us curiously , but the room was too noisy for most to notice .
tr	I	He handed them to me and I crossed to pick them up .
tr	O	终于到了离开印度的时候，并且我确切地知道我要去哪里。
tr	I	None of it is true , and I can see it clearly .
tr	O	他手臂的力量带来了安慰，并且她靠进了他二头肌的曲线。
tr	O	她打开了电视，但是白天的节目很无聊。
tr	I	Thumbing rides with anyone who came through town and cutting herself .
tr	O	我没有和他们说话，并且他们也没有和我说话。
tr	I	He gave no peeks into his soul for guidance and still she didn 't understand this man at all .
tr	I	Her bag snagged on something , but she tried to ease her way past the Youth Mission Adventures table .
tr	I	I sat next to him on the bed and he moved over .
tr	I	They dropped whatever they were holding , and all colors drained from their faces .
tr	I	Rei stepped through and the door opened .
tr	I	She isn 't there , but I search the shelves .
tr	I	His gaze didn 't leave hers , but the man nodded back .
tr	I	Then I stumble onto something interesting , but the first few chapters are insignificant .
tr	I	I knew it was no use , but I wanted to cry out .
tr	O	我身上盖着一条毯子，并且我正躺在沙发上。
tr	O	她并非有意要发脾气，但是露西亚小心翼翼、字斟句酌的声音惹恼了她。
tr	I	A smile crossed his face and Johnny listened to the reply .
tr	I	John 's eyes flicked to where he knew a camera watched , and Mark had his fingers figuratively crossed .
tr	O	她的双腿在壁架边缘乱蹬，并且她滑入了虚无。
tr	I	Another idea came to mind , but I considered continually blasting the lich with bolts .
tr	I	I sensed there was more to his words than he was telling me and a look crossed Trevor 's face .
tr	I	My brain can 't think of one thing to say to piss her off so she 'll run and my lips refuse to work .
tr	I	Kat knew Hale wasn 't going to let her near the edge , and fury faded .
tr	O	我向她靠过去，并且她后退了一步。
tr	I	I didn 't know it , but there was probably a great story .
tr	I	She was not surprised by it , but Cassie was disheartened by Chris 's assessment .
tr	O	那是平安夜，并且她心情很应景。
tr	O	我问，并且他咯咯笑。
tr	O	当他再次后退时，他气喘吁吁，并且她从头到脚都在颤抖。
tr	O	市长很高兴，并且局长也很高兴。
tr	O	还有其他声音，她曾以为是自己想象的，但是现在她想知道自己是否真的只听到了一些有限的东西。
tr	I	I cut her off , but Lea opened her mouth .
tr	I	I smiled , but I said .
tr	O	她身后有人仍在竞标，但是格蕾琴不敢转身。
tr	O	她知道自己应该推开，她只是在动摇他的控制，但是她无法移动。
tr	O	他的嘴唇带着吮吸声离开了我的乳头，并且他与我的目光相遇。
tr	O	那引起了卡拉的反应，并且她前倾，眼睛睁大，同时把她的杯子放到桌上。
tr	O	拖延下去对他们俩都不会更容易，但是他无法忍受她眼中的悲伤。
tr	I	I had shared and it made me flash back to the conversation Iris .
tr	I	He thought it looked quite primitive for a space faring civilization , but he didn 't say it .
tr	O	也许这就足以信任他了……，并且我想要信任他，想要相信有人会站在我这边。
tr	I	His hands settled on my ass , and I slumped over , breathing hard .
tr	I	Just pray oxygen made it to my brain and I had to force the air into my lungs .
tr	I	She still hadn 't done her thing and he 'd been at it for a solid forty minutes .
tr	O	卡森确信他能帮我渡过难关，但是我没那么自信。
tr	O	他没有说他爱她，但是他提到了可能性。
tr	O	他脸上严肃的表情放松了，并且他摸了摸棒球帽的帽檐。
tr	I	I squeeze them together to ease the sudden ache there , and heat pools between my thighs .
tr	O	他提出让我去世界上任何地方度假，并且我想你已经猜到我说了哪个地方。
tr	O	她努力思考着，并且也许她确实想起了什么。
tr	O	他的脸涨红了，并且他开始口齿不清了。
tr	I	I did not dare plead but I wanted him to stay .
tr	I	Suddenly here he was , pushing his way back into her life and they 'd gone for months without any contact .
tr	I	It always seems to comfort religious fanatics of whatever stripe , but I 've never understood the idea behind choral chanting .
tr	O	邦妮掉了她的芹菜，喘着气，并且马特被他的可乐呛到了，剧烈咳嗽起来。
tr	I	I ran my hands over his back feeling only the faintest hint of two lines and Levi obliged .
tr	I	She 'd scratched my face , and I 'd hit the baron 's girl .
tr	I	His tone was conversational , but his words were crude .
tr	O	我朝她看的方向瞥了一眼，但是百叶窗拉下来了。
tr	O	我看了他一眼，但是他只是点了点头。
tr	O	我们是最好的朋友，但是她没有对我抱有任何期望。
tr	I	She wanted to know the reason for his divorce , but Louisa knew from personal experience that anyone could find themselves trapped in a hellish marriage .
tr	O	凯瑟琳看着他面前的盘子，并且她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	I 'm going to pretend I didn 't hear it , but he claims you put him up to stealing the feathers .
tr	I	It was hard to see anything clearly through the deluge of her sorrow , but she recognized him vaguely as he came closer .
tr	O	梅肯不止一次抱怨过AJ，但是 我怀疑他是否曾认为她会是真正的竞争对手。
tr	O	麦当劳窗口的女孩在这个时候不应该那么活泼，但是她就是那样。
tr	I	I doubted even a blow horn would wake her and she was a heavy sleeper .
tr	O	他朝着卡座空着的那一边挥了挥手，并且我滑了进去。
tr	O	他看起来很生气，并且很无聊。
tr	O	我当然会回来，但是我不确定我将回来面对什么。
tr	I	At his second , I put my arms around him , but I tried to push him away when he made his first pass .
tr	O	一种令人难以置信的平静已经笼罩了山谷将近三个月，但是它会持续多久呢？
tr	I	The moment was short-lived , but she looked wistful as old memories brought a small smile to her face .
tr	O	卡罗琳推开了艾米丽，并且艾米丽猛地撞到了后面的墙上。
tr	I	He returned her firm handshake with his own , but her eyes made him feel a little uncomfortable .
tr	I	His grin deepens and he laughs suddenly .
tr	I	I had a good idea of her reactions anyway , but I don 't know Clarissa .
tr	O	她的目光再次暗了下来，并且她闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	I take care of them , and what matters is they take care of me on the ice .
tr	O	她想认为自己超然于这种肤浅之上，但是她对自己并没有真正了解那么多。
tr	I	His sending the girl Lisa in to plant the camera and she explained to Creek about Eggleston 's militia , about his visit to the pawnshop .
tr	I	I know what he 's going to say , and I know what I 'm going to say .
tr	I	Auron 's hands were still cuffed and the gridded door closed .
tr	I	We will never be happy together , but I couldn 't be more grateful for all you 've done for me .
tr	I	It sure as hell was better than many kids had to endure , but her childhood hadn 't been perfect .
tr	O	我走了很长一段路，但是我还没有完全到达那里。
tr	I	I don 't feel scared , but I stare into his eyes .
tr	O	侍从关上了门，并且维多利亚听到了门闩卡入到位的声音。
tr	I	She nodded and Paige 's eyes grew wide .
tr	I	What I did know was this : Jesus Christ was here , but I didn 't know .
tr	I	It would surely come to life near sunset but it appeared lifeless this early in the morning .
tr	O	你得把这件事处理好，并且你得尽快处理好它！
tr	O	她今天已经哭过一回了，而且那已经太多了。
tr	I	Lifting them quickly enough , nor she was not thrusting her feet down briskly enough .
tr	O	他不想回到现实，但是他很快就必须踏上旅程的紧迫感压迫着他。
tr	I	He knew the patrol patterns , but getting back in would be tricky .
tr	I	I was pissed , so now it was about torturing him , but at the time the thought hadn 't been to torture him .
tr	O	我不该笑的，但是我情不自禁。
tr	I	As usual , I was being asked about ... my bodyguard , and here I was , I thought wryly , glowing all over the place .
tr	O	费洛斯警长重新戴上了帽子，但是他仍然留在人群边缘，看着每个人走过。
tr	I	I think it 's a win-win for you , but I know you can get more on auction .
tr	I	Now she nodded , but she 'd been studying him as he 'd spoken .
tr	I	I 've been real to you from the get-go , but listen , my life 's a mess you don 't need to get mixed up in .
tr	O	他被困住了，并且他对此无能为力。
tr	O	也许那只是一厢情愿的想法，但是它给了我一些希望。
tr	I	She was a little annoyed , but Kelly knew Mike meant to encourage her .
tr	O	他曾在她的梦中见过它，但是没有任何东西能让他为现实做好准备。
tr	O	所有的头都转向我，但是 我无法控制。
tr	O	埃里斯一瞬间显得异常脆弱，并且 我短暂地想，她是否终究拥有良知。
tr	O	她没有让阿扎莉亚感觉好些，但是 她确实有道理。
tr	I	We were conscripted into it , and we never wanted this fight .
tr	O	恐惧爬上凯莉的脊椎，并且 她知道那个女人身上发生的一切都很可怕。
tr	O	达西呼出一口气，并且 她不敢相信自己是如此的如释重负。
tr	I	Peter had been fun at one point , but it was really hard to remember now .
tr	O	他的金发紧贴着头，但是 他看起来并不湿。
tr	O	她立刻想跑得越远越好，但是 琪拉的话语在她脑中响起，告诉她要一头扎进去。
tr	O	布兰德翻了个白眼，但是 我在移动时无视了他。
tr	O	妈妈说伊兹三岁前不会说话，但是她没有另一个宝宝可以和她比较。
tr	O	传来一声沉闷的砰声，让我想起刀子刺入洪堡头骨的声音，并且厨师接着尖叫了起来。
tr	O	斯派克很清楚里面是什么，并且他还没准备好成为他的下一个受害者。
tr	I	He quickly pulled out and I gagged once accidentally .
tr	I	My wrists are fastened down , but I try to reach out .
tr	I	His face got covered in cold sweat and a chill ran down the thug 's spine .
tr	O	她那草莓金的头发在黑色毛线帽下笔直地垂着，并且我再次听到猛禽在低声自言自语。
tr	I	She brushed it away , but Gill placed his hand on her shoulder .
tr	I	The driver instructed us in his best attempt at English to enter through a small alley door and we pulled up to Bellissima .
tr	O	你需要一些锻炼、新鲜空气，以及清醒头脑。
tr	I	He didn 't get distracted , and Gel played the songs she wanted , the way she wanted them played .
tr	O	伦德不介意杀了他们，但是他不想耗费精力。
tr	O	我眯起眼睛看他，但是这更像是玩笑而不是恼怒。
tr	O	小杰弗里吮吸得非常用力，以至于让希瑟感到疼痛，并且她的乳房很快就空了。
tr	I	She was clearly furious , but Mrs. Price continued speaking in a low voice .
tr	I	He scared me and I was silent .
tr	I	That 's how she likes it , but it 's likely tepid by now .
tr	I	I 'll get you some clothes and you get a couple small toys .
tr	O	他离开三天后，气温降到零度以下，并且我很高兴每晚有尼基在我床上依偎着我。
tr	I	What I mostly felt was fear , but I felt some sympathy for my visitor .
tr	I	His expression was guarded , and I turned to Dasher .
tr	I	The door slides closed and he gestures us inside .
tr	O	庭院中央伫立着一棵孤独的、波浪状的桦树，并且小石子路蜿蜒穿过一片草坪。
tr	I	I could see that it was standing on the water , but the shimmering water made it hard to discern any details .
tr	O	我费了很大力气才画出诺娃，并且我之所以能做到，只是因为她对我而言意义重大。
tr	O	她把我们的平板电脑解锁了，所以我们可以做笔记，但是我们当然把自由用在更有价值的事情上了。
tr	I	Right now it was just after school , but she 'd got away with it yesterday !
tr	O	我闭着眼睛，但是我的耳朵却开着。
tr	O	她的双腿把他夹得更紧了，并且她湿润的肌肉在他周围收缩。
tr	I	On each of the glass shelves are hundreds of angel figurines , and a massive hutch sits behind it .
tr	O	他几个小时前刚离开她的床，而且她已经又想他了。
tr	O	她走回了厨房，但是布伦南跟着她。
tr	I	Somehow Preston had missed it , but the placating grin that deepened Vince 's dimples should 've given him away .
tr	I	The young elf was more sensitive it seemed , but he had been through worse in his time .
tr	O	我开玩笑地挠她的肋骨，并且她转到我身上。
tr	O	我不知道我怎么会忘记他临近结束时喝了多少酒，但是我竟然忘记了。
tr	O	这两种含义都适合非共振者的大众，并且割裂是一个很好的例子。
tr	O	公司里的其他人围坐在桌边默不作声，并且鲁本发现自己看得入了迷。
tr	O	华盛顿的共和党领导人一直在呼吁总统处理这种情况，但是到目前为止白宫保持沉默。
tr	I	He was not quite sure what to make of it , and he had not foreseen this .
tr	I	Perhaps she was ignoring her feelings because of his disability , or she did not feel it , though .
tr	O	他的头盔已被取下，并且面罩严重破裂。
tr	O	我摔倒了，但是他抓住了我。
tr	I	It will prey on my mind and I 'll know if you don 't .
tr	I	Daniel telegraphed to say he was on his way , and Cameron was there , summoned from Berkshire by telegram .
tr	I	It wasn 't working , but he tried to open his mouth to ask her if she was okay .
tr	I	A couple of them fell unconscious onto the deck , and several more sailors suffered terrible blows from the flailing oars .
tr	I	Then he 'd always thrived on a challenge at work , but juggling his workload while winning Marianna over would be difficult .
tr	O	她笑了，并且我抬头看着她。
tr	O	我看向塔博特，但是他只是笑了。
tr	I	He shakes his head and Doctor Hartman 's eye narrows .
tr	I	Tristan 's wariness gave way to bewilderment , and the tone held warmth , not threat .
tr	I	Her trench coat and she put them on .
tr	O	他们开始固守，并且他们会挑战任何试图把她从他们身边带走的人。
tr	O	我看着他轻轻地畏缩了一下，并且我笨拙地擦去了我的眼泪。
tr	O	然后太阳下山了，并且我突然感到压力。
tr	I	The waitress comes , but she opens her mouth to protest .
tr	I	I 've been overheating lately , especially in the mornings , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	O	杜克笑着的时候几乎感到内疚，但是他忍不住。
tr	I	She 'd gotten the job done , but she 'd been scared each time , her hands trembling .
tr	I	Now the luncheon rush in a blur and he had gone through the morning .
tr	I	There looked to be about fifty of them , and all around him were boys about his age .
tr	I	He knew , and Tolliver was my oracle .
tr	I	She had paid attention to him on more than one occasion , and she was so beautiful .
tr	O	最初，他重启了程序，但是大片相当活跃的斑块依然存在。
tr	I	Alissa 's dad was there to greet us and the door opened .
tr	O	简·迈尔斯过去常在厨房里模仿她，并且我们会笑死。
tr	O	他只是在做他的工作，但是那对他们来说可能不重要。
tr	O	餐具的碰撞声渐渐平息，而且谈话声也变得轻柔起来。
tr	I	He was making it very hard , but I didn 't want to remember .
tr	I	I feel bad for him and somewhere that man is crying like his heart is broken .
tr	O	她讨厌自己听起来仍然像个受挫的孩子，但是她无法假装这不是一件难事。
tr	O	我抿紧了嘴唇，并且我彻底冷静了下来。
tr	O	我想相信这样的事情绝不会发生，但是本总有办法用他的话语说服我。
tr	O	洛拉扭动着身体，试图甩开我的手，但是她没那么容易摆脱我。
tr	O	他肌肉发达，而且他的身躯会在她的双腿间滑过，仿佛是由他皮毛上泛着光泽的油所制。
tr	O	我老了，而且我背负着很多狗屁倒灶的事情。
tr	I	There was no mistake , but the magazine was missing .
tr	I	She could definitely see the allure of it and she 'd never really been considered entertaining before .
tr	O	她开始准备晚餐，而且我对着她温柔地笑了笑，然后才完成给我们煮咖啡的任务。
tr	O	我的心砰砰直跳，并且里面有个细微的声音警告我不要这样做，不要靠近。
tr	I	She stared at me , licking her lips , but the tall blonde took a step toward Keith .
tr	I	That didn 't make it right for him to stoop to her level , but the woman herself had done this very thing to others .
tr	O	他碧绿的眼睛闪烁着愉悦，并且一绺棕发垂在他的额头上，让他看起来很放荡不羁。
tr	I	You know it and it 's terribly unfair to her .
tr	I	That didn 't seem to matter , but he couldn 't trust her .
tr	O	他的黑色脏辫朝四面八方翘着，让他看起来像个野人，并且他脸上的自伤疤痕暗示着某种疯狂。
tr	O	他跳了上去，并且他们就出发了。
tr	I	The intercom was useless and Brian shouted into the intercom , momentarily forgetting that his own plane was now as dead as the rest of them .
tr	O	Buzz的小鸟球尝试短了几英寸，并且他推杆入洞，保住了标准杆。
tr	I	She was determined not to let it show , but her heart was still pounding from the scare .
tr	O	谋杀没有吓倒这家伙，但是显然我虚构小说的品味做到了。
tr	O	解雇是解决之道，附带遣散费，但是你得先通过Bianca那一关。
tr	O	妈妈知道如何打架，但是她却不是一个战士。
tr	O	他们尚未正式从青年项目中被释放，但是这个志愿项目是他们迈向那一步的第一步。
tr	I	He didn 't , but she waited for him to make a joke out of her admission .
tr	I	She waited until they were alone in the suite , and they returned to the hotel in silence .
tr	I	No sounds came out , but she opened her mouth .
tr	I	Now the naked man was crouched over the woman 's face , but that would 've been bad enough on its own .
tr	O	汤姆怀疑凶手将女孩们的尸体藏在了广阔的荒野中，并且直到今天她们也从未被找到。
tr	I	She was covering her bases , but it was a long shot .
tr	O	她下楼到厨房去拿一杯睡前牛奶，并且她遇到了正在柜台吃剩饭的杰登。
tr	I	She wrenched herself over to her new position on the wall and her weight shifted .
tr	O	他一整天都在问，但是他总是得到相同的答案。
tr	I	I would have really let my imagination run wild and it was about time too - any longer .
tr	O	克莱尔的眼睛开始湿润，并且我感到一阵内疚。
tr	O	她掉落了她的塑料打火机，并且它哐啷一声掉到了地上。
tr	I	I 'd also ordered one of my frigates to follow her from orbit and the agents were all very experienced .
tr	I	A headache flared up immediately , and Stars spun in her eyes .
tr	I	She dug her nails into his back , and he began to unbutton the buttons on her blouse .
tr	O	亚伯站在那里，仍然穿着黑衣服，但是现在他的脸变了。
tr	O	他差点抓住她的手，但是幸好他在做出鲁莽的事情之前恢复了理智。
tr	I	She 'd found an exceptionally large amount of driftwood , but she usually tried to break her finds into smaller loads .
tr	I	He 'd made trusting him impossible , and he was the first person she 'd wanted to trust in years .
tr	I	She was watching to in front of herself and she stopped at the door for more seconds .
tr	O	他恳求了马蒂，并且马蒂不情愿地同意了。
tr	O	我本想吃得健康，而且他带来的却只有垃圾食品。
tr	I	Some of the things she 'd heard in the past still made her blush but Pearl considered herself fairly liberal .
tr	I	I blush when I realize my heart rate has spiked during our conversation about Gage and it gives me a reading of all my vitals .
tr	O	约定的日子到了，并且艾米发现自己很紧张。
tr	I	He was thankful as well , but fear tingled in his chest .
tr	O	赛程也有时间限制，而且如果车手的时间超出限制，他们就会被取消资格。
tr	O	他的双手举过头顶，赞颂着山谷，并且当他把手放下到身侧时，天空中就出现了云彩。
tr	I	He wouldn 't even know it and it might be the next day .
tr	O	我走向门口，并且有人出现在我的路上。
tr	O	有一阵刺耳的轰鸣声，然后是咔哒一声，并且后墙的一部分就打开了。
tr	I	It was more than that , but she could handle their boyish antics seeking her attention .
tr	I	I followed him upstairs and he passed by me .
tr	O	这比汉克应得的要好，但是我有个不可告人的动机。
tr	O	我想知道在我们的第一次约会时我是否也有这种感觉，并且我愿意付出一切只为知道。
tr	O	我听到了自己刺耳的哭喊声，并且我瞬间跪在了蕾妮旁边。
tr	I	The steam is starting to lessen and he 's not twitching no more .
tr	I	I was wrong ... But it told me that it could guarantee victory for us .
tr	I	He didn 't know what came over him and he saw her bare breasts loose within the shadow of the fabric .
tr	I	It was a halfhearted effort , but he tried to shove the animal off him .
tr	O	那不是适合户外亲热的温度，而且我也穿戴整齐。
tr	O	一个仆人把我带到我的住处，并且我就坐在那间又小又冷的房间里，等着阿什再次找到我。
tr	I	Dee fixed a bright smile across her face , and I nodded .
tr	O	手术室在二楼，并且外科医生正在等着他们。
tr	I	Nothing came , but Vikram braced himself for pandemonium .
tr	I	Vincent again caressed her cheek in an effort to soothe it , and a sudden sense of fear radiated from her .
tr	O	底部是一条绿色纸片，并且天空是一条蓝色纸片。
tr	I	I needed it to be Ashville and I needed a safe haven .
tr	O	他知道路易斯是真诚的，并且他也知道路易斯尽管情况如此，仍然信任他的兄弟。
tr	O	它的轮子在硬木地板上发出的声音很糟糕，但是紧随其后的震耳欲聋的轰鸣声则糟糕得多。
tr	I	I was looking forward to playing the role of queen and the feast before me was one made for a queen .
tr	I	Nothing happened , and a moment went by .
tr	I	In the end I had to help him , but I kept lookout while Jack tried to manage .
tr	I	It 's the murder he wants , and it 's closer to the Dandridge .
tr	I	They had passed on their secrets , and Marica said that her family had been powerful for many generations .
tr	O	没人应门，并且里面也没有声音。
tr	I	He 'd studied human anatomy enough to know where to hit a man to do the most damage but he wasn 't a fighter .
tr	I	She wanted them to know how dangerous this place was , but she had not known about that when she was there .
tr	O	科林试图站起来，但是诺顿却纹丝不动。
tr	I	The words won 't come , but I want to apologize , to explain .
tr	O	紧张，而且安静。
tr	O	他开口了，并且这让我的心跳加速。
tr	I	I thought he would die , and then Alex hit the water .
tr	I	He wanted , shall we say , to hang on to the bitter end and it seems evident that FDR knew his days were numbered .
tr	O	她当然不是他见过的最美丽的女人，但是她身上有某种特质吸引了他的注意力。
tr	I	He cringed , and the roaring increased in volume .
tr	O	办公室的门开了，并且迪伦大步走了进来。
tr	O	他的手臂收紧了一会儿，并且他在她头顶落下一吻。
tr	O	两个男人都有枪，但是他们也有头脑。
tr	I	Those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow and the light receded slightly .
tr	O	莎拉把他的戒指递给我，并且我伸手去抓他的手。
tr	O	他的手捧着我的私密处，并且我抬起身子，试图将我的阴蒂摩擦他的手，绝望地寻找摩擦。
tr	O	我知道他在开玩笑，但是我充满了恐惧。
tr	I	Maybe they 're reforming or maybe they 're gone .
tr	O	文森特听到一声明显的抽泣，并且他的眉毛皱了起来。
tr	I	She knew it , and she was overreacting .
tr	I	Really I was just so happy for it to be the two of us as before , but I always hoped you would one day feel again .
tr	I	I noticed the tattoo was barely noticeable , and he tapped his cheek .
tr	I	This wasn 't my place , but Katie tried to stop me .
tr	O	他走到最上面一排座位，并且我们跟着他走了。
tr	I	Dec was covered in ash and Dec had evidently destroyed his demon because it was gone .
tr	O	她回以微笑，但是那微笑没有到达她的眼睛。
tr	O	我闻到了森林、泥土的味道，并且我被它们吸引了。
tr	O	他可以和她拥有未来，但是他不能透露。
tr	O	他滑入她湿润炙热的深处，并且她反应如此强烈，几乎在他触碰她双腿之间的一瞬间就高潮了。
tr	O	我的感官被所有刺激超负荷地充斥着，并且我终于想起来要呼吸了。
tr	I	Rich didn 't leave a message , and Jamie was on her lunch break .
tr	O	葡萄汁沾染了她小小的天使般的脸庞，并且她的眼神闪烁着光芒，几乎像是对着他而去的。
tr	O	这边的克莱夫会给你画张地图，但是在这黑暗中会很难辨认。
tr	O	这一天感觉像过了好几年，并且我已经准备好结束它了。
tr	I	Donovan continued and she nodded .
tr	O	热意涌上他的脸庞，并且他感觉自己硬了起来。
tr	I	That was an understatement , and the streets of London would be paved in red .
tr	I	My cheeks flush , and my eyes widen .
tr	I	His mother showed no signs of waking , but he watched for movement in the bottom hammock .
tr	I	She broke up with him , and they fought over something stupid .
tr	I	I wanted to hear him say it , but I already knew the answer .
tr	I	She wanted to pay Dr. Leverett a quick call and it was five thirty .
tr	O	尽管梦之杖充满危险，但它改变了他的生活，并且他终于享受到了他的童年。
tr	O	她努力挤出笑容伸出手，并且他才为她打开了门。
tr	I	I don 't want to tell the truth either , but I pause because I don 't want to lie .
tr	O	然后那种感觉消失了，并且她不再口渴了。
tr	O	有金属物躺在上面，但是她无法辨认出来。
tr	I	Apparently someone forgot to tell the bumblebee , but the aerodynamics were all wrong .
tr	O	他打算把工作置于家庭之上，而且那是她无法接受的事情。
tr	O	我说了，并且我们笑了。
tr	O	失去卡桑德拉的痛苦将是难以忍受的，而且他不得不承认自己很自私。
tr	I	I couldn 't move , and Shirt snagged on something .
tr	I	It had to stop , and Cara was falling hard .
tr	I	He proved deceitful And to think she loved a one .
tr	O	它转得更快了，并且他抓得更紧了。
tr	O	白狐嚎叫着，并且它似乎使乌云散去，天空放晴了。
tr	I	While he didn 't have any previous reference to gauge such fights he did have vast combat experience and Zero decided he trusted his friend .
tr	O	她不知道为什么，但是琳达的拥抱总是让她感觉好一些。
tr	I	All she had discovered was that she couldn 't , and it was like when she had tried to tease apart her feelings toward him .
tr	I	Damn it , he was here , now , but he hadn 't been there to help Marissa .
tr	I	It couldn 't hit them directly , but Hail continued to smash down noisily .
tr	O	你没有任何朋友，并且你不属于这里。
tr	I	We couldn 't still be sitting here when it reappeared over the crest and we didn 't have time for that .
tr	O	梅丽莎抬头看着卡特的眼睛，并且她的神情充满了喜悦。
tr	O	我的视线模糊不清，但是我能辨认出一个模糊的身影站在我面前，同时另外两个人把我拽了起来。
tr	I	One of the things we 've learned in first aid is what to do when someone is having a seizure , and I 'm in nursing school .
tr	I	His wrinkles deepen into fissures across his skin , and Noah 's expression tightens further in disapproval .
tr	O	他已经启动了计划，并且他会坚持下去的，上帝作证。
tr	O	我拥有一切，并且我很痛苦。
tr	O	这仍然让我很心痛，因为我知道他正在让她心烦，但是我也知道她刚刚告诉了他我们搬家的事。
tr	O	汤姆犹豫了更久，但是不想看起来像个懦夫也跟着走了。
tr	O	他喜欢她依偎在他的臂弯里，并且然后他向公众展示了他的漂亮女友。
tr	I	He 'd still get in your pants in the space of two hours and he said you hated his guts .
tr	O	我考虑过把刀扔向他，但是我害怕让它离开我的手。
tr	I	I got another speeding ticket , this one just in front of National Cathedral , and of course I drove us to mass in my Ford .
tr	O	我吸了一口气，并且他继续说。
tr	I	His vision cleared , and he blinked again .
tr	I	Even if he does , we won 't be here , and he 's not coming back .
tr	I	The longer she talks , the clearer things become , but I blink as she speaks , thinking that I must be misunderstanding .
tr	O	他知道发生了什么，但是他不会告诉我。
tr	O	我躺回到布林旁边，并且她蜷缩在我身边，眼睛仍然盯着书，而我迷迷糊糊睡着了。
tr	I	It did not end there but he considered himself as Mostafa 's close friend .
tr	I	That gave us the flexibility to treat every client like a VIP , but we were far from the biggest firm in the Greater Sacramento area .
tr	I	I felt that I was stumbling toward it , and I was trying to come up with the right answer .
tr	I	I just stood there and I could feel his breath on my face .
tr	O	他在萨皮恩扎大学学习法律时曾感受到它，并且发生了 '77 年的运动。
tr	I	He stands up and his eyebrows furrow .
tr	I	Anne Marie had agreed , and Tim had wanted to be the one to introduce Vanessa to Ellen .
tr	I	He helped me out with all the books and I remember stammering out some kind of agreement .
tr	I	She wanted to catch them , and soon the first stars would become visible .
tr	O	很快我们来到了湖边，并且似乎没有人影。
tr	O	紫色液体从一道新裂缝中流出，当他、约翰和塔拉努力打破厚玻璃时。
tr	O	她的笑容有些动摇，但是真挚的，他想。
tr	O	人手不足，无法对细节过于挑剔，并且这似乎效果最好。
tr	I	She simply stalked away from them as the laughter got even louder , but Raquel 's cheeks flushed dark .
tr	I	To rage through it , and to show the world what he had been through .
tr	I	That 's no surprise , but the next morning shows no signs of life from my neighbor .
tr	I	You know they came to look forward to it like a Starbucks -- and I remember my parents drinking hot water when tea was dear .
tr	O	棺材俱乐部很成功，并且这个也会成功。
tr	I	I assumed he meant life in Providence , but I didn 't feel particularly nervous about the landing .
tr	O	他的剑将一名教会士兵几乎劈成两半，但是那个穿红色长袍的男人甚至没有退缩。
tr	I	The line went dead , and the phone rustled again .
tr	O	我们的关系一直很认真，而且我们俩都以为会在一起很久。
tr	O	她为此而恨自己也恨他。
tr	O	门是开着的，并且我可以自由地去见典狱长。
tr	O	我感觉自己内心已死，而且下注会让我重获新生。
tr	I	Doing so would mean the blanket falling away from me , but I wished I could cover my ears from his poison .
tr	I	I want to own you , and I am selfish .
tr	I	You must marry Richard , but I 'm sorry .
tr	I	Her dad had basically called her a pig right in front of Kate and Kate was the prettiest girl Hanna had ever met .
tr	I	I move so fast that you don 't even feel the pain as I slice your throat open , and you scream .
tr	I	I am here , and I said I would be here .
tr	O	她盯着我，眼睛凶狠却噙满了泪水。
tr	O	他的勃起向上指着，并且头部在他的肚脐下方。
tr	O	惊讶的她试图挣脱，但是他们在她能移动之前就牢牢抓住了。
tr	I	It was too dark to make anything out for sure , but my eyes began to adjust to the blackness .
tr	I	I am sure that I don 't care , but I 'm not sure what he 'll do next .
tr	O	不仅如此，大多数老家伙比上帝还有钱，但是他们却像没人管一样抠门。
tr	O	给我你的联系方式，并且还有你兄弟的，在你明天离开之前。
tr	O	他会告诉我父母的，并且Vandy就完了。
tr	O	风从她的辫子里扯出了几缕头发，并且她把它们塞到耳后。
tr	O	她不希望我继续下去，但是她是我从幼儿园就认识的最好的朋友。
tr	O	他伸手去抓Cammie，但是她没有放松对她哥哥的抓握。
tr	I	The simple words held so much impact , but it felt like a grade school question .
tr	O	亲爱的老叔叔从一开始就不富有，但是他确实拥有那份财产。
tr	I	You aren 't ... or you either are .
tr	O	迈克尔犹豫了，并且我能感觉到他在寻找恰当的描述。
tr	I	On some level , it made perfect sense , but I was shocked to discover that Liam was a Guardian .
tr	I	She took a look at the poor woman and Simone didn 't comment as he uncovered the body .
tr	I	Lyssa wanted something more , but that would be great .
tr	O	我能感觉到她银色女神般的目光落在我的脸上，但是我却将目光停留在我们下方寂静的城市上。
tr	O	我们就会消失了，但是我们知道你有多大能耐。
tr	O	一股奇怪的烟雾从她的手腕升起，并且她意识到手镯已经烧穿了衣服，现在附着在她的皮肤上。
tr	I	My words were barely a whisper and my voice cracked .
tr	O	诺埃尔同情地拍了拍我的手，并且她把她那块不新鲜的布朗尼推向我。
tr	O	他一直都喜欢扑克，但是今天却是他第一次不介意输。
tr	I	His dad barreled through it , and the door burst open .
tr	I	I guessed they were pretty tired as well , but the other men might be in better shape .
tr	I	Jessie poked her head out and the door opened behind me .
tr	O	他伸出了手，并且她走向了他。
tr	I	We don 't even know exactly what we 're looking for but I have a spreading net of police searching the entire area .
tr	I	The effect was staggering and I 'd never seen him smile that openly .
tr	I	Ryan proves victorious , dropping punch after punch into Doug 's face , but they roll around in the sand .
tr	O	实际上，汉娜不急于为她的愤怒找理由，但是似乎对此也无能为力。
tr	O	步枪设置为自动模式，并且子弹像水流一样不断射出。
tr	I	She twisted her arm around to try to touch him , and her hand had a mind of its own .
tr	I	Deep down , you know you 'll never find it again , and deep down you know how rare what you had with Erin was .
tr	O	他们身上有些东西很熟悉，但是我却说不出来是什么。
tr	O	他无疑从中获利，并且理查三世不太可能通过公开这些说法来损害他兄弟的名誉。
tr	I	I 'll die happy if he does , and he 's about to pass Lexy .
tr	I	They weren 't worried about keeping quiet and two people were quarrelling as they exited the building .
tr	I	She was too full of adrenaline to feel anything , but she knew she must have injuries .
tr	O	又一次下沉让他摇摇晃晃，并且他猛地扑向她。
tr	I	Now , glittering in the grass , slowly made her way toward Arun , and the huge cobra lowered herself .
tr	I	It got me thinking about my vasectomy reversal that I had done a couple of weeks ago , and it gave me a warm feeling inside .
tr	O	他们不像拉奇那么暴力，但是他们可能造成同样规模的问题。
tr	O	它已深深地刻在你的脑海里，并且你一字不差地知道说了些什么。
tr	O	凯茜击打着乱蹬的双腿后部，并且她的拳头如雨点般落在他的背上。
tr	O	他过去常对此大做文章，并且现在感觉不对劲。
tr	O	我这样的小人物不得不处理他的那点小事，但是一位女皇则不得不处理她庞大的帝国。
tr	O	他就是这样签署所有信件的，并且我不认为他会费心使用除了自己名字以外的任何名字。
tr	O	彼得仍然抓着她的手臂，并且她的乳房仍然裸露着。
tr	I	At first I couldn 't remember what , and something happened Friday .
tr	O	我能看到尼古拉斯左肘下艾娃的表情，并且她看起来很震惊。
tr	O	盖斯特一直对我的印刷图像目光敏锐，但是我觉得他没有找到他想要的东西。
tr	I	She 'd hyperventilate or a life-changing opportunity Lexi couldn 't think about too long .
tr	O	船长曾警告我们会有这种感觉，但是我还是有点恐慌。
tr	I	He met Daemon 's stare , and Matthew 's lashes swept up .
tr	O	那些阴影中的人影尚未移动，但是他们对他的审视令人不安。
tr	I	Of course I never imagined it had been made by someone in another world , but I remembered that it had once belonged to my mom .
tr	O	她的思绪，向来对活动中的大局观保持开放，却收窄到一点专注，并且她无法将其从贾克斯身上移开。
tr	I	Altair recognized the knife and he prodded harder with the dagger .
tr	I	It is true but Sorry to say .
tr	I	One that left him feeling more rested than he had in years , but it was like a vacation , one he hadn 't planned for .
tr	O	她笑了，并且其中带有一丝温暖我的真诚。
tr	O	玛格达琳的头略微倾斜到一边，但是她的脸上却什么也没有显露。
tr	O	他几乎要顺从她的意愿，但是随后另一种领悟涌上心头。
tr	I	She vanished , walking away with a quick step , but he almost called to her .
tr	O	他从她的唇间汲取着这一切，并且他知道他已迷失。
tr	O	他会找到解释，并且一切都会恢复正常。
tr	O	这里的悬崖不像边界赛马海滩的那些那么高，并且它们也没有那么纯白。
tr	O	小方块像滑动拼图一样移动了一会儿，并且声音也恢复了。
tr	I	She pushed the memory away quickly , feeling disloyal again , but she remembered all too vividly his breath on her neck .
tr	I	Aran was able to stretch up look in , but the side window of the shack was small .
tr	I	She 'd just have to get over it and he 'd messed up with one small lie .
tr	I	She answered it in a voice she hardly recognized as her own , and her breath hissed out in a sound of pure , enraged frustration .
tr	O	他确定莉西会不会醒来吃饭，但是如果她不醒，他饿得足以吃掉他们两份的量。
tr	O	俱乐部的外墙通向一个楼梯，看起来像是通往阳台的，但是它被绳子拦住了。
tr	I	I was still driving and the sun went down .
tr	I	I was disturbed to realize it seemed plausible , but it didn 't seem likely .
tr	I	That brought tears to Abe 's eyes , and each shot brought a pitiful little cry of discomfort from the old boy .
tr	O	她直起身，并且当我看到她抱着那个皱巴巴、血淋淋的婴儿时，我喉咙哽住了。
tr	I	I knew it , and something were wrong .
tr	O	他把我们翻了过来，以至于我平躺在床上，并且他正悬在我上方。
tr	I	I jumped when a banging sound caught me off guard , and she insisted .
tr	O	他愉快的笑容消失了，并且他僵住了，即使人们在我们周围移动。
tr	O	我不擅长在公众场合讲话，但是我挺住了。
tr	O	他继续前进，并且她继续后退。
tr	I	He clung to me the way I clung to Benjy in my worst moments , and his shoulders shook .
tr	I	Either way , I 'll be home , but well , okay , I mean walk through my front door .
tr	I	When he scratched his head a handful of hair came with it , and he woke up without pain in his bones from the ground underneath .
tr	I	That didn 't bode well for Lily , but 11 The Prince 's wounds were closing fast .
tr	I	The elevator doors open with a loud groan , and before anything can happen between us , we arrive at the fourth floor .
tr	O	那股气味不肯散去，并且我受不了了。
tr	O	她抬手摸他的脸颊，但是科尔抓住了她的手腕。
tr	O	我周围都是咸水，并且很冷。
tr	O	冠军身体状况良好足以与希尔达一战，而且莉亚知道那会是一场艰难的比赛。
tr	O	蒂姆主动提出带巴克斯特去散步，并且她接受了他的提议。
tr	O	她的鼻子变红了，并且眼泪顺着她的脸颊流下。
tr	O	我们会承担你所有的费用，而且你会喜欢你所看到的一切。
tr	I	The bodyguard offered his to Sophia and the general offered Natalie his arm .
tr	I	They were dark as midnight and her eyes moved to his .
tr	I	My vision followed her as the door closed behind her and she 'd never done that before .
tr	O	吉布森夫人尽力无视我们，但是当我们进入餐厅时，其他人肯定没有无视我们。
tr	O	她依然美丽，并且看到她让我心痛。
tr	I	Neither year had seemed of great moment and I had read much of their history .
tr	O	他做了，但是他没有提问。
tr	I	She didn 't know why , but she had a feeling this meeting would be momentous .
tr	I	He could tell she was a mess inside , but she was trying her best to stay cool on the surface .
tr	O	他在靠近臀部的地方做了一个细微的手势，并且那四人集中在盆栽棕榈后面的一个角落。
tr	I	Aly took my hand again , and I pulled away from him .
tr	O	她的头猛地转向他，并且尽管她的眼睛最初充满了惊讶，但它们很快开始闪烁着顽皮的光芒。
tr	O	她的家人想要她回来，并且毫无疑问，有人已经打电话给他让她回来。
tr	O	她的心在他胸口颤动着，并且她不由自主地短促地吸了一口气。
tr	I	It makes me smile , and I hear the tiny upward lilt in his voice , the single note of hope .
tr	I	Cameron had to give him credit , and they were sitting on the deck .
tr	O	一支号角大声响起，并且人们转过身去寻找它。
tr	I	Their going slow and the stream was strong .
tr	I	A man walked in and the door opened again .
tr	O	我说着，奥兰多和我起身准备离开。
tr	O	如果我们能够抓住一个，我们的问题可能就会得到解答，但是我们没能做到。
tr	O	只有两把钥匙，并且它们看起来都一样。
tr	O	他以前很快，并且现在又很快了。
tr	O	所有这一切都以最少的麻烦完成，并且罗西一直很开心地待在她的腿上，尽管睡着了，直到祝福仪式结束。
tr	I	Now I just looked frumpy , but I 'd been planning on straightening it before he came .
tr	O	这不算多，只差十分之一分，但是，在大学招生竞争激烈的世界里，那点差距就很明显了。
tr	I	This made her even more puzzled , and it worked .
tr	I	At the age of sixty he still had a short fuse , and Eli Chandler had been a hot-tempered brawler in his younger days .
tr	I	It was an order nonetheless , but he spoke the order softly .
tr	O	他们俯身越过边缘，看着那座拼凑而成的塔楼在舞台上投下阴影，并且博特金的消息突然就说得通了。
tr	I	Nina was by no means a welcome topic , but perhaps not as problematic as Sydney right now .
tr	I	I sat there battling it , trying to take control , and it was so strong that I felt dizzy .
tr	O	她很好地适应了这些变化，并且我们每天都会讨论我们的未来。
tr	O	岩石太黑了——显然是火山岩——并且水域也太开阔了。
tr	O	我呻吟了一声，并且伦笑了。
tr	I	I followed suit , and Emma lifted her chin in the air like she belonged there .
tr	I	I need to find him , and your dad was friends with a man named Blakely .
tr	O	我点了点头，转过身，然后我就回到了车里安全的地方，驾车驶向家的安宁。
tr	I	I wasn 't willing to chance it , but I wasn 't sure if my father would be affected by her magic .
tr	O	这感觉像是一个奇迹，并且我明白我们第一次在一起时她说的，她永远都不想我不在她身体里是什么意思。
tr	O	我咬住了他的手，但是这没用，他纹丝不动，只把手握得更紧，疼得我下巴都快脱臼了。
tr	O	玛丽试图安抚她，但是宝拉却推开了她。
tr	O	她的肩膀稍微塌了下来，但是她还是努力保持坚忍。
tr	O	好的被排挤出去了，并且坏的像肌肉一样鼓胀。
tr	I	She suppressed it , but she felt a shudder start , deep in her chest .
tr	I	There it was , pressing him gently down again , but he never worked out how the other figure could have got behind him .
tr	O	詹姆斯是马克斯的儿子，而且马克斯就是个十足的人类。
tr	I	I can 't see her , but I can hear her clearly .
tr	I	They kept getting stronger but she fought against these feelings .
tr	O	我今天早上醒来的时候，并没有想找另一个理由来讨厌马西·米勒，但是就是这样了。
tr	I	I realized how tired I was and the bed looked really inviting .
tr	O	她会记住今晚一辈子，但是我不和她睡觉。
tr	I	Flung it open and Betsy ran to the kitchen door .
tr	O	库珀开始从我身上滚下来，但是我阻止了他。
tr	I	I 'm beginning to worry , and she 's been gone two hours now .
tr	I	She 'd never made any demands on him and while she may not be a part of his society , Lauren was a good woman .
tr	O	我闭上眼睛，并且有那么一瞬间感觉到他的手臂环绕着我。
tr	O	那是多么真实，而且他甚至不知道其全部程度。
tr	I	He saw she was thinking about something and some streets further she finally looked back .
tr	O	听到那个实体说出我的名字，至少是令人不安的，但是我拒绝表现出来。
tr	I	Then the door opened , and seconds passed that felt like hours .
tr	I	Her voice was calm , friendly even , when she spoke again , but her eyes glittered in her face .
tr	I	I realized I 'd been woken by a voice not my own , and there was movement behind me .
tr	I	She did not pick it up , but Nadia 's hand hovered over the coat .
tr	O	我没有，但是我跟着点了点头。
tr	I	She 'd started grumbling , but she 'd stopped crying .
tr	I	I was wrong , and you were right .
tr	I	Simon lit them with a wave of his hand , and Helen placed the candles around the room .
tr	I	Diane might be able to fill you in , but I didn 't pay much attention since it sounded hyped up to me .
tr	O	酥麻感随着肾上腺素的激增涌入我的血液，并且我呼出了一口气来让自己保持平静。
tr	I	There was no queue behind it , and a car was just driving out of the attached car wash .
tr	I	I couldn 't swallow , but I found my breath .
tr	O	当我唇瓣相接时，温暖传遍全身，而且很快，他就抽身离开了。
tr	O	我的父亲倒是睡过了大部分时间，并且他的漠不关心是极大的安慰。
tr	I	He carefully drops the card down into it , and an evidence technician holds open a plastic bag .
tr	O	显然，进取号出于安全原因应该被遮盖，但是飓风无情地剥去了它那层保护性的灰色外壳。
tr	I	His wife had spent hours providing matching descriptions , and by now Herman had the eleven voices committed to memory .
tr	I	He 'd spend the rest of his life proving to her how much he loved her , and Prudence was his woman .
tr	O	结果罗克西还活着，但是她的状况很糟糕。
tr	I	They can fail or they can pass .
tr	O	我在帮助她，但是我不再为我没有的东西而疯狂了。
tr	O	他没有谈论这件事，但是我知道他很崩溃。
tr	O	他又哼了一声，而且这次我能将其解读为彻底沮丧的声音。
tr	I	I was looking for something a little more specific , so I got to mine , but he also had a point .
tr	O	我喜欢多样性，而且当我的恋人开始让我厌烦时我总会离开。
tr	I	I will do my best to clear it up for you and perhaps a few people would like clarification of what exactly happened .
tr	O	汽车看起来很诱人，而且我走了这么多路很累。
tr	I	They will not , yet they cannot leave this place without accepting their own guilt .
tr	I	Cordova licked the mushroom head , tasting his creamy saltiness , and a drop of seed glistened at the slit .
tr	I	He couldn 't see , but chess could hear .
tr	O	小狗很可爱，但是那个孩子扫了他的兴。
tr	I	They looked the same but the two was not related ?
tr	I	I was paralyzed but I tried to call out for him .
tr	I	No sound came , but he wanted to scream .
tr	I	I don 't know what , but I must have done something .
tr	O	布伦南悄悄地对加勒特说了些什么，但是布伦南说话时，加勒特只是继续盯着哈德利看。
tr	I	There were days I would have given my right arm for a cheeseburger , but by now I was almost used to it .
tr	O	有人移动了尸体，并且大多数派对参加者已经逃离了房间。
tr	O	我听见有人叫我的名字，并且我却没有回答。
tr	O	她现在应该在码头了，并且他应该已经从他派去跟踪她一举一动的眼线那里听到消息了。
tr	O	他把钥匙落在里面了，并且驾驶座的车门大开着。
tr	I	I briefly pulled my phone away from my ear , and Mia 's shrill laughter came blaring through the speaker .
tr	I	He smiled , looking over at his friends , and I saw the moment he got the message .
tr	I	Something was drawing her back , but she 'd begun to drift .
tr	O	他在我手臂上划开一道口子，并且我痛苦地大叫起来。
tr	O	我跟着格里姆肖上了楼，并且他在一扇不起眼的门前停了下来，从夹克口袋里掏出钥匙。
tr	O	大多数吸血鬼不会说话，并且这一位也不例外。
tr	I	Dean led me around a corner to another elevator and we stepped out at our stop .
tr	O	他的呼吸停止了，但是那些一心想要吞噬他的僵尸却丝毫没有受到影响。
tr	O	当高跟鞋不在她脚上时，她会想念它们，但是当她必须步行上学时，这根本不实用。
tr	I	She relaxed in his arms and her fear melted completely away .
tr	I	It had given Mia a new confidence , and her friendship with Lexi had stayed as true as magnetic North .
tr	O	那可能会给他时间找到联系基地的方法，但是整个情况总觉得有些不对劲。
tr	I	He ate grasses for a bit before we resumed and he drank hardy .
tr	O	一阵剧烈的颤抖传遍我全身，并且我以为我可能要吐了。
tr	O	我们听到了，并且我们俩的头都转向一边，看到一个涂着彩绘的战士朝我们走来。
tr	I	We think they 're all werewolves , but we 're not sure .
tr	O	我本应该停下来，但是我做不到。
tr	I	The time had been too brief , but she 'd finally seen dragons .
tr	O	弗朗西斯卡的话显然激怒了阿德里安娜，但是弗朗西斯卡并不在乎。
tr	O	腐臭味弥漫在空气中，并且 Skyla 用袖子捂住鼻子。
tr	O	宣誓者是他们三人中唯一受过训练的战士，并且他们在旅途中需要一个能战斗的人。
tr	O	Matt 抓住了她的手，并且他们去了小吃店。
tr	I	Jeb spoke up , and Lady Tiffany hesitated .
tr	O	灰白色的墙壁没有任何装饰，并且唯一的阅读材料似乎是为毫无生气的年迈者准备的。
tr	O	他记得前一天做过那件事，但是他也记得把它重新打开了。
tr	I	She was resigning herself once more to this fate and she had said beforehand that our plan was risky .
tr	I	Rebecca sensed that the wound from his mother 's betrayal still ran deep , but he was clearly trying to look unaffected .
tr	O	那件事我很难忍住不说，但是我还是做到了。
tr	I	He just works for the devil , in my opinion , but these are his proclamations .
tr	O	床铺柔软得不可思议，并且外面的声音变成了低沉而有活力的嗡嗡声。
tr	I	I 'm not letting March near her , but she seems to think she can save him .
tr	O	这一刻过去了，并且没有发出警报。
tr	O	他的脸仍然缠着绷带，但是他已经解开了手臂。
tr	I	Marcella waited in the car and Ray went into the store .
tr	I	I feel his absence like a missing limb and it 's the first night he hasn 't been here in a long time .
tr	O	我转过通往我房间方向的楼梯间的第一个弯，并且我的头晕目眩。
tr	O	她转过头去，并且我耳朵里的嗡嗡声也消失了。
tr	O	拉夫看着那人越过他看向他牵着的马，并且随后又看向拉夫穿着的锁子甲。
tr	I	Making a conscious effort not to startle her , coughs slightly as he nears where she is sitting and he makes his way towards the old woman .
tr	O	疲惫感正向我袭来，并且变回我某个寻常形态的需求也越来越强烈。
tr	O	卡蒂娅无法回答，但是她的笑容说明了一切。
tr	I	They released a collective sigh at my arrival and the relief on their faces was comical .
tr	I	He bore a disappointingly plain countenance , but she 'd expected devil 's features .
tr	I	My heart leaped into my throat , and a groan cut through the silence .
tr	O	哈德逊问出了那些话，但是我想我们都心知肚明。
tr	O	他的手指是我的供应商，并且他的嘴唇是我的毒药。
tr	O	她知道自己脸红了，但是她情不自禁。
tr	O	他们最后看到的是拉斐尔拍打了一下翅膀，并且一道光柱猛地落在他身上。
tr	I	Her confession surprised even her , and the words were out of Hanna 's mouth before she could stop them .
tr	I	That probably didn 't attract Mary Jo anymore , not after being involved with a player like David , but he wasn 't as smooth , either .
tr	O	她知道自己在做什么，并且她不希望我们干涉。
tr	O	这不礼貌，而且还很危险。
tr	I	Nobody could tell me otherwise and Hailey was the love of my life .
tr	O	我们本可以做得不同，但是我们没有，因为那样会很困难。
tr	O	她的气质更加沉静，并且当她的护卫向她引荐人们时，她的威严举止更加明显。
tr	I	Jared nodded , whispering something so quickly I could barely discern his reply at al , and the other end of the phone was silent .
tr	I	It still felt demeaning , but after all , he was probably going to be her biggest tipper of the night .
tr	O	厄尼问了，并且德维恩点了点头。
tr	I	I could see her bra straps resting on her shoulders and her pink shirt was loose .
tr	I	She nodded and he looked .
tr	I	She was looking up at him , bemused and his body was painfully aroused .
tr	O	他设法将枪管向左强行移动，但是内部的马达迅速进行了补偿。
tr	O	她不想靠近王子，但是她无法拒绝。
tr	I	We made eye contact and Hunter gave my shoulder a quick squeeze .
tr	O	我转身去看艾玛，但是她看起来更多的是担忧而非骄傲。
tr	I	His palms pressed into sharp stones as he scrambled to get away , and he caught himself before he hit the ground .
tr	O	你的新店听起来确实很气派，而且你会做得很好的。
tr	I	No one seemed to know how to react , and now their role model had turned on them .
tr	I	He did , choosing to share the small settee with her and she gestured for him to sit .
tr	O	我无法看着她，并且我无法相信我差点做了什么。
tr	O	我问了，并且她点了点头。
tr	O	他对我微笑，并且他的提议似乎意味着远不止我需要什么。
tr	I	He hoped some food might be waiting for them wherever they were going , and had been given only a small bowl of barley for lunch .
tr	I	The attaché moved closer to Clarity and Don Francisco ´ s eyes sparkled .
tr	O	玛姬有好多问题想问她，但是她强迫自己忍住。
tr	O	我已经把同一段读了三遍，并且它仍然没有领会。
tr	I	The reception is way down , but mine seems okay .
tr	O	我们知道，并且他知道。
tr	I	Winced at the picture his mind formed , and he knew what a small caliber bullet could do to the inside of someone 's head .
tr	I	The air conditioning was trying to keep up and the sun was shining .
tr	O	我知道我是在耍大小姐脾气，但是我此刻无法摆脱自己的恼怒。
tr	O	他几乎无法行走，但是他就在她身后。
tr	I	She rushed in and Brian called brightly as the door flew open .
tr	I	For some reason , Myles wasn 't having that , but the accident was so obviously down to mechanical failure .
tr	I	Magnus flinched , and said Jace .
tr	I	She would be at the temple , probably never to see him again and he would go to the Mage Tower for his tests .
tr	I	He furrows his eyebrows and Jack 's face drops .
tr	O	我大喊让他等等，但是他加速驶离了。
tr	O	森林变成了稀树草原，并且群山拔地而起。
tr	I	I don 't want the children there , but we need to keep him contained .
tr	O	我的手在他手中动了动，并且他终于看向了我。
tr	I	You can bet her little voice liked that , too and he brushed the back of his hand down her cheek .
tr	I	Rather , their sitter 's , or I have heard that having a sitter instead of parental supervision causes kids to push their limits .
tr	O	三对一让他很不舒服，并且他从不回避充当平衡者。
tr	I	I didn 't complain , but my pack was heavy .
tr	I	90 percent of the time you can , and I know you think you can handle yourself like a ninja .
tr	O	他们可能是朋友，但是等级永远是第一位的。
tr	O	维克多仍然不确定彼得是谁，但是他有更重要的事情要担心。
tr	O	他把它们推到一起，并且它们仅仅带着一道发丝般的裂缝就合上了。
tr	I	She was reaching her hand out to one of them , and a group of children surrounded a happy Olivia like a giant hug .
tr	O	她不知道为什么，但是一看到他就激怒了她。
tr	I	The cheese had melted perfectly and the cheeseburger was left open .
tr	O	噢，我们不叫你疯子，但是你完美地融入了我们的家庭。
tr	O	她想要更多，但是他并不在意给她。
tr	I	I shot from my seat and ~ The door boomed open .
tr	I	It 's nothing that we can 't handle , but we are in the midst of a crisis .
tr	O	妖精之间也有一场战斗正在进行，并且其中一方最终必须获胜。
tr	O	他的父亲是一名奴隶，并且这完全是我的错。
tr	O	她身后传来一声咔嚓声，并且门开始在支架上扭曲。
tr	O	冥想有助于减轻负担，但是她从未能让那股能量自行消散。
tr	O	莎莉啜饮着咖啡，没有看他，但是他知道她正露出她那小小的笑容。
tr	O	因果报应的天平延伸至永恒，并且一切都必须完全结算。
tr	O	飞行员已将四个保温箱放在地上，为快速交接和迅速跃出公园做准备。
tr	O	他只是瞪着我，并且我瞪他更狠。
tr	O	我仍然没有车，并且暂时放弃了开那辆买菜车所带来的羞辱。
tr	O	在远处她听到了交谈的低语，并且她暂停了片刻，鼓起勇气大胆地走进规划会议。
tr	I	I couldn 't stand up any longer and Everything was a blur .
tr	O	他正站在人群中，然而芭莎在任何地方都能把他认出来。
tr	O	我在评判他，并且那对我来说不公平。
tr	I	She would go anywhere with Julian , but she didn 't really like seafood .
tr	O	我知道你看到我了，但是你没有过来。
tr	I	I 'd only known him for six months , and the possibility of never seeing Henry again tore at me .
tr	I	I will look up this research you mentioned , and I give you my word .
tr	O	他一无所获，并且竞标肯定快要结束了。
tr	O	他们在一起，并且他们很安全！
tr	I	They turned him into a drone , and he is one of the strongest people I know .
tr	I	He heard the keypad beep to confirm it was locked , and he heard the door close .
tr	O	梦想家的嘴唇抽动了一下，好像她想微笑，并且米丽安看到了。
tr	I	It 's true all the same but I know that sounds crazy .
tr	O	她会让我们使用她的PayPal账户，但是我要明天给她送现金。
tr	I	She scooted out from under me , hurrying to the bathroom and I pulled out slowly .
tr	O	麦克斯不知道怎么会已经是早上了，但是他房间里的收音机闹钟证实了这一点。
tr	I	He had been hurt , and Andrew 's life had been affected too .
tr	I	He glanced down at it with loathing and the glass was melted around the edges .
tr	O	我走进厨房，并且查尔斯递给我一条围裙。
tr	I	I don 't want you to hurt us and I don 't want to hurt you C !
tr	O	他的思绪狂奔向前，思考他可能有什么可以用来讨价还价的，但是什么也没有。
tr	I	I 'm sorry that you had to listen to me whine and you 're right .
tr	I	I lost sight of my family but I survived that first obstacle .
tr	I	Elijah gets into his bed anyway , but Sunlight filters through the window .
tr	O	科尔特什么也没说，并且我能看到他紧咬着下巴。
tr	I	She wasn 't looking at him anymore , but the woman 's face was still in the window .
tr	I	Madrigal had been watching him for years by then , but Brimstone probably expected her to sort them by size .
tr	I	The wind was picking up , blowing a few clouds overhead , but Night was still a few hours off .
tr	I	She held him off , but he tried to kiss her .
tr	I	I couldn 't make it out , but he muttered something in his sleep .
tr	I	You bring it all down to such a base level and I have given you one of the most expensive presents a brother can give a sister .
tr	I	I shook it off as I sat up , inspecting the bag Mom had tossed at me , but I felt the dream curling around me .
tr	O	我本打算让我们再多谈谈我们面临的问题，但是显然他另有打算。
tr	I	Again he felt the tug of her gaze trying to wrap warmly around him , and her eyes flickered to him .
tr	O	她的脸上沾满了干涸的药膏，并且她的头发，在他们睡觉时已经干了，乱糟糟地散在头上。
tr	O	恶心感再次袭来，并且我意识到这次它强了两倍。
tr	I	He never had , and Reuben didn 't appreciate anything , in fact .
tr	I	I needed to touch him , and I 'd never been on such a precipice before .
tr	I	I know he doesn 't want to hear that and there 's a hole there that can 't be filled with anything else .
tr	O	他们以前总是互相不和，而且现在他们不再不和了。
tr	O	她用拇指按了一下手中的某种遥控器，并且狗就蹲了下来。
tr	O	价格可能是可以商量的，但是结果却早已注定。
tr	I	She exhales noisily and her features smooth .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to argue , but that wasn 't quite accurate .
tr	O	那个项圈可以再等一天，并且你工作太多了。
tr	O	他看到斯凯和米卡埃尔的脸上露出了理解的神情，因为他们意识到这必定是谁。
tr	O	迭戈开始争论，但是卡西迪插了进来。
tr	I	It wasn 't like Winterville , but the wood was weathered .
tr	O	黛比扔掉了她的手枪，于是，艾丽斯也心不甘情不愿地扔掉了。
tr	O	树枝发出噼啪声，并且她又看到了煤炭。
tr	I	I would be the only one that she would ever have and it seemed to me I could have her all to myself .
tr	I	Noah 's face revealed nothing , but Connor tossed him a quizzical look .
tr	O	她微笑了，并且她的眼睛因喜悦而闪耀，当她走向他时。
tr	I	Maybe I would tell her about Taylor , and she would help me write the obituary .
tr	O	我的手臂痛苦地嘶吼着，并且我能感觉到锁链的镣铐慢慢地勒进我的手腕皮肤里。
tr	O	国王将我献祭给你的美貌，但是你却伤了我的心。
tr	I	She placed her small hands on his chest , and his heart stuttered when she sighed into his mouth .
tr	I	She nodded , but Celaena felt ill at the thought of what else might be asked of her .
tr	O	事实上，他们为我们准备的一些餐食只是简单加热的，并且他们为此道歉了。
tr	I	Of course , her hair was gorgeous , and she 'd just had her hair done .
tr	O	我知道我的指甲正在掐进他的皮肤，但是我依然抓紧他，因为那种不可思议的感觉传遍了我全身。
tr	O	这不是我表达快乐的方式，但是它的感觉确实很好。
tr	O	他需要放松，并且他需要现在就放松。
tr	O	我一生中的大部分时间都是个很好的伪装者，但是我不知道我是否真正属于任何地方。
tr	I	Once we got through them , the healing process could start , but these next couple of weeks would suck for all of us .
tr	I	That filled Leslie with joy , and her baby was deliriously happy living her dream .
tr	O	里面的东西有点湿，但是至少它们没有被浸透。
tr	O	尼古拉斯看起来不比我大，并且除了他的黑发之外，我们之间确有相似之处。
tr	O	我母亲为这些活动而活，并且我不再有选择。
tr	I	He stretched out and he bundled the bulk of the material under his head .
tr	I	I wondered if Peter somehow knew it , and even my virginity I had given to Matt without hesitation after barely more than a week .
tr	O	我找到了铺面路的起点，并且我现在的步履变得轻快起来。
tr	I	We surfaced and I guided them through the passages .
tr	O	我的母亲被绑架了，并且我要去找到她。
tr	I	His heart 's not in brewing the finest malt whiskey known to man , but Ian does fine with it .
tr	O	他向她父亲走了一步，但是凯茜立刻挡在他们中间。
tr	O	我没有杀死它，但是但愿这次坠落能奏效！
tr	I	No words came out , but I opened my mouth .
tr	I	He ignored it as he went on pleading but bits of the glass impaled Howard 's face .
tr	I	Claire turned to me , and the door shut .
tr	I	It feels like so much is missing , yet Everything is set .
tr	O	彼得放慢了车速，并且艾玛坐直身子看过去。
tr	O	邓肯踩下了油门，并且汽车猛地向前冲去。
tr	O	房间看起来和几个月前一模一样，但是我总是需要一点时间才能重新适应家的感觉。
tr	O	这种颜色配她的头发看起来很惊艳，但是我知道她一定很痛苦。
tr	O	他的眼睛瞪大了，并且他回头看着乔。
tr	I	I slid the tube in the dark hole and I threw open the little door people use when they put gas into the car .
tr	O	她的手臂因处理而疼痛，但是持续的灼热疼痛已经消退了。
tr	I	He went at Ray with renewed force , and a dark emotion he didn 't take the time to identify surged within him .
tr	O	这个动作吓到了艾迪，并且她跳了起来，转身看着他。
tr	I	Garrett closed his eyes , and the baby heaved a deep sigh .
tr	O	他的腿断了，但是他会再次行走。
tr	I	She had imagined it many times , but they 'd yet to dance together .
tr	O	她偷偷瞥了他几眼，并且他总是那样。
tr	I	She stroked him behind the ears before turning her attention to Thibault again , and zeus nosed her hand .
tr	I	Then , thrashing , would get control of its prey , and the eagle would hit the water with a giant splash .
tr	O	我们在节日上，并且这是一个特殊的场合。
tr	I	Sir stood there looking very tired , and the gate swung open in front of them .
tr	O	他有像焦油一样的黑眼圈，并且他的眼白完全布满血丝。
tr	I	Nicole wasn 't about to watch their murmured conversation , and her father wasn 't sending the woman packing anytime soon .
tr	O	我不希望他在这里，并且在他闯入我的房间后，我不会客气。
tr	I	Everything was gone , and my eyes closed .
tr	O	托马斯不愿承认，但是他们只是远距离错过了什么的希望已经破灭了。
tr	I	Rebecca began to grow restless , and two hours later , Daniel still hadn 't woken .
tr	O	我找到了他的手机，并且也把它砸碎了。
tr	O	他很快结束了谈话，并且艾莉丝让自己舒服地坐下。
tr	O	我不相信你，但是我不会强求。
tr	O	它让我想起了失去，并且我讨厌被提醒失去。
tr	I	Please , please don 't say this changes anything , but I 'm all those things .
tr	O	话题的快速转变将霍尔特从他的沉思中拉了出来，并且他很感激这次打断。
tr	O	他们开始跟着散弹枪，但是护士挡住了他们的去路。
tr	O	她的指甲划过他的胸膛，并且他嘶了一声，向后弓起身子。
tr	O	女服务员离开了，并且雪莉又喝了一点她的酒。
tr	I	I 'm on firmer footing , but he can still dump me .
tr	O	那种感觉消失了，并且他一直耐心地不耐烦着。
tr	I	Be warned , I shall expect a manuscript tomorrow ; but I forgive you for it .
tr	I	He had a reason to wander the halls but his shadowy black ensemble was obviously sneak clothes .
tr	O	自从妮娜在舞台上晕倒以来已经三周了，并且事情从那时起变得更加混乱。
tr	I	A hand caught my wrist , and I reached above my head to pull my hood down .
tr	O	我无法回头了，并且你也将无法回头。
tr	O	他从没因为羞耻而解释它是如何发生的，但是我能看出那确实是件令人尴尬的事。
tr	I	I couldn 't see Jagger , but I looked out into the crowd .
tr	O	他盯着我，并且带着一丝希望，我明白了。
tr	O	我躺在我已经让给香农的床垫上，并且我感觉自己好像被卡车撞了一样。
tr	O	我问她关于他的事，并且她吓坏了。
tr	O	约翰一下街就看到了凯伦的车，但是他并不乐意她在他家。
tr	O	他紧紧拥抱，并且她的泪水浸湿了他的衬衫。
tr	I	Mikhail stopped him with a raised hand , his black gaze locked with Jacques ' , but Byron rushed forward .
tr	O	一阵刺痛使他的牙龈绷紧，但是他收敛着尖牙。
tr	I	They quickly scattered themselves around the store , embarrassed to be caught staring , and he gazed behind him at my colleagues .
tr	O	火焰烧着了他的夹克，并且他浅色的眉毛也保不住了。
tr	O	乌龟也朝我走过来，但是他脸上带着能把牛奶凝固的阴沉表情。
tr	I	He scrambled across the field toward his weapon and it had fallen a little way off .
tr	O	这根本不应该是一个吻，但是如果是的话，它绝不应该像这样。
tr	I	Now the paint was peeled off the walls , but the inside had likely once been bright green .
tr	I	He glanced upwards admiring its beauty , and the almost full moon drew his attention .
tr	I	All their people have already assembled and by the time we get to Command , Coin , Plutarch , .
tr	O	格伦维尔对此无话可说，并且我们沉默地行进了一段时间。
tr	I	She put her hand up , but I opened my mouth to deny it .
tr	O	那令人作呕的混合物涌向我，并且我不得不强忍着不呕吐。
tr	O	我没听到他进来，但是那时我一直专注于远离奥古斯特。
tr	I	The smell of Chinese food ended any further complaining but Maggie grumbled .
tr	I	Anna invited him in for coffee and he walked her up the stairs .
tr	I	Min 's mouth went unaccountably dry , and he skimmed his hands down the chair 's sides , gently caressing .
tr	I	All I really cared about right now was what that meant for us , but I knew I should be concerned with what she 'd worked out .
tr	I	You inflict it , and you suffer it .
tr	O	他让报纸滑落到地上，并且他先向下看，然后又向上看丽兹。
tr	O	每一个都有一个名字，并且每一个都执行着不同的动作。
tr	O	他一拉扯，他就让我知道现在谁是主宰了，并且我投降了。
tr	O	我轻轻地摇了摇头，并且他笑了。
tr	I	He paid it no mind , but a breeze blew past Michael 's back , along with the same dreadful whisper .
tr	O	玛德琳曾是她的老板、表亲、朋友，并且她会想要复仇的。
tr	O	他看着我，并且我发誓如果他保持沉默我就要尖叫。
tr	O	他必须得动，并且他的下一步将决定我的命运。
tr	I	It was really an act , but Lacy was a big flirt .
tr	O	他强迫自己睁开眼睛，并且记忆涌了回来。
tr	O	我被迫躲避巡逻的士兵队伍，而且整个过程中，我害怕被发现。
tr	I	That 's what she wants , and you 'll never get out .
tr	I	None of them hit , but the bullets pitted the concrete above their heads .
tr	I	The sheets were tangled around her naked body , and her heart drummed , shaking her chest .
tr	I	It had me a little worried and I had never seen her get that infuriated over something before .
tr	O	我知道你一定非常担心你的兄弟，但是你没必要给我儿子那么大一笔钱。
tr	O	她还是会离开，而且什么都不会改变。
tr	I	It felt so strange to miss it , but I obviously didn 't want to go .
tr	I	There was nothing left and Dominic didn 't stop until the last block was smashed .
tr	I	The second batter managed to get on first base , but they struck out the first batter .
tr	O	敬请期待 科罗拉多新娘系列未来的书籍，记录霍夫曼姐妹的生活以及她们在西部寻找爱情的冒险故事。
tr	I	I 'd never hold you back , but I don 't want to lose you here .
tr	I	What I didn 't expect was for her to slap me across the face , but I wasn 't sure what to expect .
tr	O	她作为一个女人手很大，但是他的手完全包住了她的手。
tr	I	They would be together again , and she would hunt him down .
tr	O	雨点持续而单调地落下，而且空气显得沉重而压抑。
tr	I	She brought my attention back to her and my eyes had drifted to the ravine .
tr	O	他自己似乎有点不知所措，但是查理几乎没有注意到。
tr	O	七票，那是我所需要的一切，并且现在我有了它们。
tr	I	We dislike the same people , and you 're the strongest magic user in the city .
tr	I	His head was spinning and his stomach was sinking .
tr	I	I swat him on the arm and Luke stared at me with a bland face .
tr	O	她的话语如潮水般涌出，并且直到他把手指放到她嘴唇上时才停下。
tr	O	这个地方正在严重亏损，而且妈妈所做的只是烤更多的千层面。
tr	I	My mouth is wet and my face is hot .
tr	I	The men on board rose to their feet , and a woman 's voice emerged from behind him .
tr	I	I understood immediately , but it would have taken a normal person half a day to figure out what he was saying .
tr	I	Jokes about your ridiculous standards and he laughs ( his remarkable laugh ) .
tr	O	他又吸了一口气，并且那些记忆进一步退却了。
tr	O	我闭上眼睛，乳汁涌出，滋养着我的孩子，有我丈夫的力量支撑着我，并且所有这一切都像丝绸般滑过我的心间。
tr	I	He had sacrificed his entire family ... her entire family for it , and the only thing that man had ever loved had been his dream .
tr	I	She is a lot easier to talk to now that she is slowly letting her guard down , and she mesmerizes me .
tr	I	It had been rearranged to give us some breathing room , but the tacky furniture remained .
tr	I	My boyfriend was no longer here , but I was standing next to Darren .
tr	O	塞莱斯特张开双臂环抱住他，并且他们沉了下去，直到只有他们的头露在水面上。
tr	I	I wasn 't about to fall for any tricks , but Thalia had been as convincing as a trained salesperson .
tr	O	他轻笑了，并且我脸红了。
tr	I	She was aging gracefully , but Jo-Jo might have recently turned two hundred fifty-seven .
tr	O	她专注于车牌，但是它也模糊不清，奇怪地难以辨认。
tr	I	Sarah jumped to find him directly behind her , and Nick 's voice sounded close to her ear .
tr	I	We are nothing compared to you and you 're the son of the Great Master .
tr	I	I would have been in the balconies , and I 'm guessing you were still upstairs .
tr	I	It filled with blood from his damaged proboscis , but Connie opened his mouth to speak .
tr	O	办公室听不到他的声音，但是他听起来仍然很疲惫。
tr	I	I didn 't bother looking back , but I heard her call after me .
tr	I	He never told me what , but he said it was short for something else .
tr	O	她的声音甚至听起来像伊莎贝拉的，只是稍微低沉了一些，但是那可能是一种故意听起来更神秘的尝试。
tr	O	她的母亲已经给她报了名，并且她好奇地浏览了各种可能性。
tr	I	They made room for us and we walked to the front .
tr	I	Scarlett could see again and the haze lifted .
tr	I	Against the advice of her father , she married him , and he swept Peggy Maxwell off her feet .
tr	O	最重要的是当下，而且那也是他所关注的。
tr	O	苦涩的酸液涌上她的喉咙，并且萨拉努力将其咽回去。
tr	O	他对他的手下大喊命令，并且他们匆忙地散开。
tr	I	They had only one more left , and that meant he had blown an entire night together .
tr	O	她以前从未见过他这样行事，而且这让她感到害怕。
tr	I	Instead I let Realm manipulate me , but I should have been with him .
tr	O	他有点梦想家，并且那种无法集中注意力的性格让他丧命。
tr	I	His face pale , and Elijah 's eyes were shadowed .
tr	I	I looked like the Adams family , and she looked like the stereotypical California beach babe .
tr	O	我没有对Turtle抱有特别温暖的感情，但是他是我的老板。
tr	O	我透过猫眼往外看，尽管我预料会是温斯洛，因为你永远不知道，但是当然是他。
tr	I	She still wanted you , and you told her about your past , which you 've never shared with anyone besides me .
tr	O	他的控制岌岌可危，并且她不明白他有多危险。
tr	O	我不想让Made Here看起来不好，并且我也不想让学校看起来不好。
tr	I	I don 't see an end to that , and I want to be with her , Piper .
tr	O	海普喊道，并且我也喊了。
tr	I	Jax held on , but she pulled away .
tr	I	Conversely , I had less power , but topside , we had more room .
tr	O	丹尼抓住我的腰，并且我们紧密地靠在一起。
tr	O	毒品活动不属于调查范围，但是我还是在我的口述中做了记录。
tr	I	Slowly everyone came into the house , but it took several minutes .
tr	I	I 'm the host and this is my funeral .
tr	O	我让他拦住了我，但是我拒绝面对他。
tr	I	I had never hoped for something so much but I wasn 't sure if she 'd get it .
tr	I	It was so worth it , but there were more than three days ' worth of calories in that meal .
tr	O	就在那时门开了，并且沉重的脚步声打破了寂静。
tr	I	Eyes looked down and heads turned away .
tr	O	他伤害了她，当然，但是他没有毁掉她的生活。
tr	I	Early dawn came as a dense glow and a thick fog was blocking the sky .
tr	O	她知道我的伤疤藏在哪里，并且她是一个会思考事情的人。
tr	I	It did not kill her , yet the woman knew the truth , lived with it .
tr	O	她的举止变了，并且她似乎脑中亮起了某种光。
tr	O	最终，屏障守护者们成功击败了入侵者，但是为时已晚，无法提供任何帮助。
tr	I	You looked incredible last night , but you 've always been pretty .
tr	I	They showered and after they got out of bed , she made breakfast for them .
tr	I	Sarah felt her head grow light , and the sudden brightness stung her eyes .
tr	O	他指向我那憔悴的灵魂伴侣，并且我的心碎成了碎片。
tr	O	他拥有一种流畅的优雅，我们站着，并且我抓住了新来者的手。
tr	O	其余的要么是人类学题材，或者与心理学相关。
tr	I	It looked like it had been done with his fingers , but he had made an effort to comb his ragged cut hair .
tr	I	He felt as if Tony were here , condemning him through his wife , but he didn 't begrudge Nikki a shoulder to lean on .
tr	O	他的目光片刻后与卡迈恩的目光交汇，并且即使隔着房间他也能看到那份冰冷。
tr	O	她的手碰到了玻璃杯，并且它摇摇欲坠。
tr	O	你看到了真实的我，并且你关心她。
tr	I	He stepped silently toward the golden-haired girl , and the fear he 'd felt at the party came back , even stronger than before .
tr	I	That didn 't mean he was a wizard , but his friend Scott was born with six toes .
tr	I	Heard the roaring of a distant Sea , And I turned .
tr	O	我的下巴张得大大的，但是没有发出任何声音。
tr	O	塞克斯顿的私人手机响了，并且他伸手到口袋里去抓它。
tr	I	They did manage to acknowledge her but they were still frustrated with Thomas .
tr	O	她配套的红色内裤映入眼帘，并且我知道我不能再看了。
tr	O	我们的头没有像我想象的那样碰到，但是它们很近。
tr	O	她把手指举到脸前，并且它们沾上了红色。
tr	I	It was a creature of potential peril , yet the tiger hadn 't overtly threatened them .
tr	I	Wow and after what seemed like an absolute age Sarah then exclaimed , ' Wow !
tr	O	切克问了，并且我点了点头。
tr	O	马尔科姆很聪明，而且他很谨慎。
tr	O	所以他开始关心她了，但是当你与某人同住数周时，那是正常的。
tr	I	He felt as if he had lost his arm and a piece of him had been taken away from him .
tr	I	My jaw was stuck shut , but I tried to open my mouth to speak .
tr	O	瓦莱里娅试图对抗莉亚做准备，但是出了问题。
tr	I	I stand in front of it and she 's sitting behind her desk .
tr	O	我的头发乱成一团，我的妆容敷衍了事，并且我宽松的衣服在这个高档场所显得格格不入。
tr	I	She didn 't want to face her father and Ash was still missing .
tr	O	他颤抖了，并且我也颤抖了。
tr	I	Jamie hopped out , and the trunk popped .
tr	I	I don 't think anyone would know the difference but I 'd curse that your nose would fall off .
tr	O	一阵突如其来的子弹掠过，并且另一枚星光弹照亮了大地。
tr	O	光线透过我的高窗倾泻而入，并且我的皮肤湿漉漉地沾满了汗水。
tr	O	她的手指发烫，并且缕缕冬日蒸汽从她皮肤上缭绕升起。
tr	I	No weakling would venture this deep into the unknown willingly , but his earlier timidity had marked him as a weakling in her mind .
tr	I	Nope , it wasn 't there , and she searched her instincts for anything resembling fear .
tr	O	我努力倾听任何声音，并且回馈给我的只有绝妙的寂静。
tr	I	Possibly still answering phone calls , but she 'd be done working .
tr	I	He watched her shirt tighten with the motion and she crossed her arms over her chest .
tr	I	She said Harry Smyth wanted to know if I still wanted to speak with him and I rang Maggie back .
tr	I	He couldn 't read her feelings from her expression , but he shot a worried glance her way .
tr	O	一股欲望的浪潮涌上我心头，并且我的呼吸稍微急促了起来。
tr	O	我被我爱的人们环绕着，并且我们将一同推翻辛迪加。
tr	I	As she came upon him , she saw a change in his demeanour , but Alanna quickly ran over to help him to his feet .
tr	O	他已经流亡了很久，而且科技可能已经超越了他。
tr	I	Something caught his eye and he reached for it .
tr	O	维罗妮卡昂着头，并且她的背挺得笔直。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是他想监视我。
tr	O	有动静，并且那些声音的主人肯定已经离开了。
tr	I	I 'm not , but you must think I 'm terrible .
tr	O	我正在凭直觉行事，并且这应该会很糟糕，对吧？
tr	O	看着杰克逊的笑容，我感到有点头晕，并且我确信酒精与此有关。
tr	I	The first cage was lifted and the loader was powered up .
tr	I	Heading out in to the country in the direction of One House and within half an hour of his arrival they were both in the car .
tr	I	The water settled again , but part of me expected her face to appear in the basin .
tr	I	I 'm not at all , but the nurses seem to think these wardens being here might embarrass me .
tr	I	She never did , but I thought she 'd come .
tr	O	我又看了一眼布兰登，确保他没事，并且他没事。
tr	I	Too much light could blind , but too much darkness could kill .
tr	O	不会超过一分钟，并且我就不会再打扰你了。
tr	I	You allowed Annabelle to suffer for your crime , yet your actions killed your parents , not hers .
tr	I	I leaned into the hot water , the scent of my shampoo filling the room and the fingers stopped .
tr	O	只会有一个赢家，但是最接近的人将能亲吻我。
tr	O	如果我爸爸很可恨，他就是很可恨，并且帮助他学习新一代的流行语毫无意义。
tr	O	她的脚暖烘烘的，并且她不想起床。
tr	I	They had come to our rescue more than once , and they were her family .
tr	I	This was like that , and I 'd heard stories that giants could be invisible .
tr	I	Our joints don 't miss the cold , but we miss you .
tr	I	Instead he was falling forward , straight into their centers , but he tried to look away from those black , empty eyes .
tr	I	We aren 't going to starve to death , but our bologna might not have a first name .
tr	I	I followed her into Saks like a seven-year-old tailing her mother and the car dropped us off .
tr	I	The silence was foreboding and there was a long pause .
tr	O	她哭了，挣扎着站起来，但是她只是静静地站着，盯着他。
tr	O	斯宾塞试着在毯子下移动双腿，但是它们被厚厚的皮带绑住了。
tr	O	这太令人困惑了，而且她能感觉到泪水滑落脸颊。
tr	O	祖克试着伸手够向地面，但是它已经够不着了。
tr	O	她的呼吸平缓下来，并且她放慢了更多。
tr	I	Most weekends he leaves work at the office , but you know him .
tr	O	艾琳试着打开灯，但是电已经被切断了。
tr	O	她存了一些钱，而且她妈妈早些时候确实问过她明天是否想去购物。
tr	O	艾登张开嘴，但是没有话语。
tr	I	Jenny leaned forward , and he shuddered .
tr	O	布里格斯打开卡片，并且一张照片掉了出来。
tr	I	I turn off the light , and Kira kicks off her shoes .
tr	I	She hadn 't but I kept thinking she would grow out of it as we got older .
tr	O	她的发色偶尔会变，但是那套衣服却始终如一。
tr	I	He watched carefully what was happening with the large white pods , and Movement on the perimeter surrounding them caught his attention .
tr	I	Dread will not hear of it but I have tried to make amends .
tr	O	她呜咽着，并且我能听到她声音中的泪意。
tr	O	他怀疑地打量着我，并且接着他的眉毛扬了起来。
tr	O	我感到睡意袭来和一股暖意涌遍全身。
tr	I	His features freeze , telling me that I am correct and his eyes widen immediately .
tr	I	Her arms crossed in front of her , and Mrs. Muller was standing in front of the patio door with a serious look on her face .
tr	O	他的背对着我，但是他转过身来，这样我们就面对面了。
tr	O	“我想你是对的，”伊芙回复道，但是她知道自己必须改变他的主意。
tr	I	I 'd given up on it a long time ago , and hating the cool kids takes an awful lot of energy .
tr	O	保罗想跟我一起起身，但是我把他按住了。
tr	I	There is not enough space for another bedroom if you want to build a party room upstairs , and that will be another whole family of four .
tr	O	他们站在那里，目瞪口呆，并且所有的目光都转向了吉尔斯。
tr	O	另外两名警官上前，并且每人抓住一只胳膊。
tr	I	I 'd choose these valiant warriors over a horde any day , but I might not have an army yet .
tr	I	For that , I was thankful , and the room was dimmed for the presentation .
tr	O	他最近越来越常这样做，而且我从不厌倦看到这一幕。
tr	O	她会回家处理这件事，而且达菲会在那里等她。
tr	I	The bandage unwound itself almost without my help and cautiously I snipped through the adhesive tape .
tr	O	事实上，我确实做了，但是我不知道该怎么说。
tr	I	Her wide eyes freak me out and her head jerks up .
tr	I	She coughed to clear it , and her voice came out as a scared croak .
tr	I	It was the way of the Nomads and it was their instinct , their way .
tr	O	她的膝盖发软，而且他滑下一只手臂环住她的腰，将她固定在他身边。
tr	I	He 'd never lost , and he had been in more fights than I could have imagined .
tr	I	Paul shifted his body to block his view , and Morgan eyed Andra 's sleeping form .
tr	I	Because he wanted to see Susan more we kept going back to the zoo and Joey had a great time on his date .
tr	I	As I looked around the forest , glowing animal eyes stared back at me and the air felt chillier than before .
tr	I	It was excruciating , but I tried to breathe through the pain .
tr	I	I could see him mouthing words and he bowed his head .
tr	O	试镜在楼下，而且他能看到商店侧面通往楼下的楼梯。
tr	I	I agreed when the hairdresser suggested layers , but I didn 't get much length cut off .
tr	I	She 'd left her hair disheveled , but she 'd taken the time to get out of her sleeping clothing .
tr	O	克莱丽不认为她曾见过伊兹哭，而且她现在显然在努力忍住。
tr	O	他在接近时让她主导，但是当他们的嘴唇相碰时，他接管了。
tr	O	房间又嗡嗡响了一会儿，并且我数了数，差不多有上百人。
tr	O	乐队突然的喧闹让我吃了一惊，但是他们以前当然做过很多次了。
tr	O	我们那位棕发蓝眼的国家领导人的形象消失了，并且我松了一口气，摆脱了他欺骗性的目光。
tr	O	平台被成千上万的市民包围着，并且正在发生的事件通过大型显示器向她周围的整个城市播放。
tr	I	She couldn 't wait to see what she got on her math test from last week and she couldn 't wait to catch up with her friends .
tr	O	一只手环住了我的裸臂，并且我的心一下子提到了嗓子眼。
tr	O	平衡是它的名字，但是我想你会发现你无法使用它。
tr	O	单个粒子太小了，肉眼无法看到，但是当它们成群移动时，就会形成一股可见的气流。
tr	O	我也想回头看火，但是不知怎的，如果我不看，它似乎就不那么危险。
tr	O	每位大师都会派一组学生参加主办方的锦标赛，并且学生们在三个组别中竞争。
tr	O	她伸出手，并且我握住了它，向前迈步，直到我正好站在那个剥落的陶罐前。
tr	O	蓝光在那女人的皮肤上闪烁，并且她的背部猛地弓了起来。
tr	O	有一道满是泥水的巨大壕沟，并且他溅着水跳了下去，水涨到他的膝盖。
tr	I	We compared notes , and Katie called that night .
tr	O	当他分开我的双腿时，我的手握成了拳头，并且我尽可能地吸入空气，直到肺部充满。
tr	O	莉亚点了点头，并且他们走向衣橱。
tr	O	她失去了她的丈夫，而且现在她又失去了科林。
tr	I	Afterwards they continued on through the London streets at a slower pace , and he held her by the elbow so she did not topple over .
tr	O	他表现得很傻气，但是我从不低估他识人的能力。
tr	O	年份的存在自有其原因，并且当它们感到被忽视时，它们就会堆积起来。
tr	O	临终关怀护士卡伦深知悲伤的五个阶段，但是她却无缘经历其中任何一个。
tr	I	A thought floated through the back of his head , an idea , and he dozed with her in his arms .
tr	O	热意涌上她的脸颊，并且她确信它们已变成深红色。
tr	O	他猛地向后一动，并且恶心袭来。
tr	I	I am , but I don 't know why I 'm so curious .
tr	I	The lack of a decent sleep was catching up with me , and maybe my brain was overwhelmed from everything I 'd learned .
tr	O	你却是安全的，并且你几天内就会好起来，至少身体上是这样。
tr	I	I frowned and Lucky sighed .
tr	I	His skin was pale and his eyes were red .
tr	O	他们两个急忙穿过大门，并且他将门在他们身后关上。
tr	I	Their eyes had been too busy watching the knives , but most of them knew I was there .
tr	O	我向下吻，并且他向上吻。
tr	I	His attention was now focused upon Luther , his eyes still their beautiful ice blue color , but Cassie turned toward Julian .
tr	O	似乎如果火焰紧贴着她就不会烧伤任何东西，但是迸发出的火花却烧伤了它们所触及的一切。
tr	I	It was exactly what I craved , and there was no foreplay , only this .
tr	O	白色的帐篷在夜空中闪耀着光芒，并且蛤蜊汤的气味弥漫在空气中。
tr	I	Eventually they succumb , but they fight it for hours , trying to come up with a plan to save me .
tr	O	我把厄洛斯抱得更紧，并且他开始哭泣。
tr	O	我想要答案，但是与此同时，我却对它们是什么感到恐惧。
tr	I	Sergeant Garcia must have weighed over 300 pounds , but I knew I could stand to shed a few pounds .
tr	I	She appeared to be a nice lady , but Franz didn 't know her very well .
tr	O	他们没有明说任何事情，但是每个人都知道。
tr	O	那是一种卑微的存在，但是我们很幸福。
tr	O	我们一到村子就听到了咔嗒声，但是我没有弄清楚那是什么。
tr	O	它被压抑了那么久，但是它终于出来了。
tr	O	肖恩开始大笑，并且起初我吓坏了，因为他是在嘲笑我。
tr	I	This time retrieve what he thinks is the treasure of Oak Island and Rock will once again enter the underwater cavern .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but I draped both hands on top of my head , thinking that was what he wanted .
tr	I	Never anything quite like this , but we 've seen some oddities across the five kingdoms .
tr	I	She had limits , too , but she was a brave one , Bathory thought .
tr	I	His grip on me was suddenly less gentle , more charged , and his body stiffened .
tr	O	我问了，并且玛雅叹了口气，把橡皮筋从文件夹上扯下来。
tr	I	That thing had been real , but I knew it sounded crazy .
tr	O	他的眼睛鼓了起来，并且他的皮肤变成了一种奇怪的紫色。
tr	O	它们很奇怪，但是它们是真实的。
tr	I	We think the cheese is like the white fudge from John 's report on Belinda White , but we 're not experts at magical formulas .
tr	I	You said you were , and we asked you if you were with us .
tr	O	有了开心乐园餐玩具就更容易了，并且埃德温开始屈服于磨人功力。
tr	I	Once he realized it , he found it disturbing , and that wasn 't exactly what he wanted to hear .
tr	O	感觉真好，而且与此同时，我几乎无法忍受。
tr	I	He didn 't want to say anything inappropriate , and he still wasn 't sure about this guy 's relationship with Jase .
tr	I	Nolen nodded and he asked .
tr	I	The floor creaked and Jason got to his feet .
tr	O	她很长时间没看他，但是她悄悄地往他身边挪近了一点。
tr	O	艾登张开了嘴，但是他弟弟抢着说了下去。
tr	I	Nothing he wrote stuck in her mind , but she finally recalled a boy named Bobby who had asked her out once .
tr	O	有什么事情让杰森心情很糟，而且我在想是不是有人和他在一起。
tr	I	That 's when it hit me ... and it was almost as if the entire season of autumn was bundled into this small area .
tr	I	He shook his head and he thought about Chris 's comment on his ego .
tr	O	它由红砖砌成，并且角落用金饰边。
tr	I	He reached in his pocket , all while never moving his lips away from mine , and his hand quickly left my back .
tr	O	现在，影子在地面上移动，并且我偶尔捕捉到动物眼睛的闪光。
tr	O	她用她严厉的声音，并且我站了起来。
tr	I	Something stopped him , but Sebastian would have liked to return with a quip about figurative stakes through the heart .
tr	I	There was more data than would fit on a DVD , but Ed would need a copy of the disk as well as the report .
tr	I	At least it was less stupefying than hearing him laugh , but it scared her as usual .
tr	O	把手慢慢地扭动着，并且门打开了。
tr	I	The bumpy track was making it progress difficult , but he had picked up speed in the chariot .
tr	I	He followed her , but Max was not as swift as she was .
tr	I	I struggled to keep it from showing , and it scared me .
tr	O	我见过麦肯齐，并且我同意布莱克的看法。
tr	I	I couldn 't stop them and the hurtful words just kept flowing .
tr	I	Now he resembled a warped version of Snow White resting in her glass coffin and the tank was transparent .
tr	I	I have not seen him for 10 years and my only son had to go into hiding .
tr	I	The crowd milled about , chatting , moving to the other end of the room and the house lights came up .
tr	O	她厌恶地摇了摇头，并且我真希望我待在筒仓旁。
tr	O	她走向她的嫂子，显得犹豫不决，不确定，但是那种感觉在温迪拥抱她时似乎融化了。
tr	I	He couldn 't attribute it to a typical morning and he was hard .
tr	I	Marriages rarely included love , and T was a marriage .
tr	O	如果你还记得，我们的家被入侵了，并且吸血鬼知道它在哪里。
tr	O	事实上，被人如此明显地渴望感觉相当不错，但是我对随意的一夜情没有兴趣。
tr	O	唯一真正对我微笑的人是卡莉，并且那是一个告诉我她知道一些我不知道的事情的笑容。
tr	I	It 's kind of personal to me , and this is my last song for the night .
tr	O	这也意味着有时我会吻你，并且你也会吻我。
tr	I	Maybe now he wouldn 't attack her like a rabid animal , but he didn 't think he had a chance in hell of actually sleeping .
tr	I	My back teeth slammed together , and Taylor made a sound of distress .
tr	I	A boyfriend wasn 't in the plan , and he 'd basically played out her future in his head .
tr	O	莱克西不得不强迫自己不去恳求他，但是她已经足够绝望了。
tr	O	德文在他的审视下略微不悦，但是他仍留在原地，主要是因为他不会再次放开卡西的手。
tr	O	诚然，我的手指从按键处陷了下去，但是幸运的是，灵敏的键盘识别了我的触摸。
tr	I	He isn 't sure which side he wants to claim victory and I sense that Knox is battling something internally .
tr	O	玻璃墙外的设施空无一人，但是我能听到附近传来的低语声。
tr	O	然后她的身体倒了下去，并且她掉进了内部。
tr	I	Immediately she felt the loss of his body heat and sighing , he instead pushed himself away from her .
tr	I	Every instinct I had left told me to stay back , but I wanted to throw myself at her .
tr	I	I barely felt it , but I was fairly sure I hit hard enough to leave a bruise .
tr	I	He stepped away from the door , and the stiffness in his clenched jaw eased a little .
tr	O	我听见他在我身后，并且我加快了脚步。
tr	I	She clutched at him and for a moment she was frightened .
tr	O	他们低声告别，并且埃里克离开了书房。
tr	O	我不确定这家伙是谁，但是他在长相方面可以和艾什一比高下。
tr	O	怒火当时在她体内翻腾，并且她准备将那股怒火发泄出来。
tr	I	They would be looking at everything , and we 'd be crossing borders .
tr	I	Then his raspy voice turned serious , and he sounded amused for a second .
tr	O	我一生都认识爱德华，并且我从未在他面前害羞过。
tr	O	我不想找借口，并且埃迪不是那种会纠缠我的人。
tr	I	That wasn 't possible , but the hot wetness stung his eyes , almost as if he was crying .
tr	I	She just wasn 't sure which way , but Oriole 's years with Fred convinced her he was working her .
tr	I	She gingerly pushed against one side of the jewel , and the gem in the crown glowed in the moonlight .
tr	I	I sit , crossing my legs and he gestures to a beige couch .
tr	I	No effort could take me further at this time , but I tried to hold channelling to the Marbles .
tr	O	我需要有人在这里，这样我就不会孤单，并且安吉丽娜明白这一点。
tr	I	He wanted to write it clearly , and he had an answer read because he 'd given much thought to the issue .
tr	I	She had a point , but I scowled at Elaine .
tr	I	I hear your every wish , and I know everything you know .
tr	O	瑞秋不间断地说话，并且这份努力似乎耗尽了她的精力。
tr	O	他正带着我走向某个地方，并且随着我们前进，光线越来越亮。
tr	I	It was my fault she wasn 't coming too and clearly the whole thing was my fault .
tr	I	Feeling a nervous rush but looking into the curious eyes of her friends , she couldn 't help .
tr	O	外面的光线正好照到它，并且他的头发看起来闪闪发光。
tr	I	The area was lit just enough to see the faces of the two men who had broken into the clinic , but it was dark .
tr	I	The night airs were invading the cabin and the fire was beginning to die .
tr	O	我不知道你意欲何为，但是我认为这并非无关紧要。
tr	I	Drake had been too busy listening to Malcolm 's twisted tale , but she 'd tried to warn him .
tr	O	我们受到一位戴着一副青色复古眼镜的金发女招待的迎接，并且我立刻因为看到它们而微笑。
tr	I	She turned toward her prey , and a fierce , predatory joy rushed through her .
tr	O	她足够聪明，知道她父亲的地位与他们的行动息息相关，但是她已经习惯了掌权。
tr	I	The temperature had risen to miserable levels , and the storm had passed .
tr	I	Mom blocked the way , but Bex started to follow .
tr	I	Caleb stopped her , but Noelle started to unhook the tube from the IV .
tr	O	这只有两个小时，并且他得到了很好的照顾。
tr	I	They exchanged glances , and terror seeped into their eyes .
tr	I	Justus had spent years living in much worse , but to anybody else it might have been hell .
tr	I	I 'm too tense to even sneeze but the broom beside me rains down dust .
tr	O	他的汽车引擎轰鸣着启动了，并且她听着他疾驰而去。
tr	I	I made myself comfortable on a log , and the little boy darted forward to tend to the flames .
tr	O	如果我们给他们一个机会，我认为他们会展现出他们真正的价值，并且他们会展现出他们是人类。
tr	O	我曾不止一次地试图让那些惊天动地的笑容朝我而来，但是她几乎没有瞥我一眼。
tr	I	He prized that above all , and she had honesty , too .
tr	I	The blankets too fancy to be comfortable and the bed was too soft .
tr	I	All would be lost and he would report me .
tr	I	I would never do that , but I could have it all paid for with one phone call to Mrs. Stone .
tr	I	That was all it took , and his eyes burned into me .
tr	I	I have allowed it to fester for you and I let that reputation develop .
tr	O	不过，关于她的未来什么也没说，而且她不敢问。
tr	I	It was as if the night itself stopped to listen to her , and ' Things were not easy for me , before , ' she said .
tr	O	她的嘴巴张开，并且她的眼睛因愉悦而轻闭。
tr	O	毫无疑问，我的手机在马克家里充电充得很好，但是那现在对我没什么用。
tr	O	这不是谎言，但是我感觉好多了。
tr	I	I need my privacy , but I may be old .
tr	I	After their firm handshake Chief Coleman left , and Principal Crosby thanked him for the assistance .
tr	O	追踪小组被惊动了，并且通话转成了免提。
tr	O	我转过头，并且它被他托在手中。
tr	O	我遭遇了冰冷的沉默，那沉默沿着我的脊椎蔓延，而且我后悔了我的最后几句话。
tr	I	None of them have ever stacked up to First Colonial , and I 've tried half the banks in this city .
tr	I	I knew who might be , but I wasn 't hungry .
tr	O	我甚至试过了亨特，但是他告诉我他不会插手。
tr	O	我又听到了一些打斗声和几句低声的咒骂。
tr	O	小个子男人腰上围着一条毛巾，并且他正大量地出汗。
tr	I	That just intrigued me further , and they were covering him up .
tr	O	爸爸开始大笑，好像他说了一些非常机智的话，并且我回以一个勉强的笑容，希望我错过了那个笑话。
tr	O	白宫是她的标记，而且我仅仅是信鸽。
tr	I	That may be our biggest advantage here : our brains , and we have something the dinosaurs didn 't have .
tr	I	I stuck with the requested water , but she would appreciate a glass of wine more .
tr	O	我们的笑声开始慢慢减弱，并且我们互相傻笑着。
tr	I	A moment later heard the kitchen faucet running , and I watched him push through the swinging door .
tr	O	那是一幅他确信会让任何男人垂涎三尺的景象，而且他也不例外。
tr	I	He didn 't smile , and he didn 't answer .
tr	I	I nod and she asks .
tr	O	詹姆斯在她身后喊着，但是她加快了脚步。
tr	O	她可能已经请求了他的帮助，但是大卫多来这里只是为了支持她。
tr	O	她知道我手里拿着什么，并且她对此感到高兴。
tr	I	I can feel the cold glass against my skin and my body floats at the top of the tank .
tr	I	It worked just as well in the civilian world , but it was an insult leveled toward anyone not infantry Marine .
tr	O	他想把双臂环抱住他们俩，但是他不敢。
tr	I	Thankfully she didn 't trip once , and they both hurtled down the stairs .
tr	I	He was trembling , but indeed , Panos had his hands clasped , eyes down .
tr	I	The reporter gave none a serious chance , the three all distant Romanovs , but three more names had been offered .
tr	I	He held it towards me with a sheepish smile and he had a small package in his hands .
tr	I	This is the first time under my command that we have had to use it , but we have kept the dreadnought on standby constantly for decades .
tr	O	汉克回头看了一眼，但是科瓦尔斯基把手电筒往下照。
tr	I	We rushed back towards Sophia who was with Rhea and he agreed .
tr	I	There is a nightstand but there are no lamps .
tr	I	It was always nice to know he lusted back , and it was good to know she could still lust after a man .
tr	I	Finding Skyler again made her think she might at least find comfort , but she knew she could never have that life back .
tr	O	迈克尔在颤抖，但是他保持着理智。
tr	I	Her checks grew red , and she caught herself .
tr	I	He really enjoyed doing it and he charged a decent rate .
tr	I	I held the necklace gingerly in my hands , and the small dainty pearl shined up at me .
tr	I	Kara continued her sleep and the three adults left .
tr	I	I was no longer looking at the book , but Roth nodded as he flipped to the next page .
tr	I	He did fear being overthrown , but he could assuage his own fears for long lengths of time .
tr	I	The fire service was on hand less than ten minutes later , and a passer-by called 999 .
tr	I	I 've never regretted it , and I signed over my rights when you were pregnant .
tr	O	他把我的脸抬起来与他面对面，并且我们默默地站在那里互相凝视。
tr	O	她开始笑了，并且我震惊地转头看她。
tr	O	我绝不是青少年，并且我也不认为我会让你觉得我很像一个拉斯特法里教徒。
tr	O	它感觉出奇地安全——尽管远非如此——，并且我开始怀疑我是否将监禁等同于安全。
tr	O	灵感迸发，而且我发短信给尼克，告诉他我想让他带我去看电影。
tr	I	At first he was not sure of what he had seen and as Daniel maneuvered the torch , the smoke irritated his eyes .
tr	I	I heaved a weary sigh all to myself , and I heard the water running after a second .
tr	I	He agreed that the grandkids should be out of harm 's way , but Paul could tell he knew the truth of his daughter 's chances .
tr	I	These jeans cost me more than a thousand dollars , and I spent way too much on this sport jacket .
tr	I	He didn 't give a shit , but I tried talking to him about it .
tr	I	Renna shivered , and his eyes raked over her like a physical caress .
tr	I	My cheeks burn with heat , and she looks right at me .
tr	O	我们试图避开他们，但是结果我们都在等着见马术大师。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁开了，而且他的眉毛挑了起来。
tr	I	His green eyes sparkled like dark emeralds , and he looked at the ceiling in thought for a moment before meeting her eyes again .
tr	O	我姐姐向我伸出手，但是多布森挡在她前面，挡住了她的去路。
tr	I	I resisted the urge to give in to its rhythm , and it was nearly hypnotic .
tr	O	知道在大多数情况下可能发生什么，并且你就能规划出一条更稳妥的通往你目标的道路。
tr	I	My father was Carpathian and yes , my mother was human .
tr	I	Miriam cut her off , and Mana opened her mouth .
tr	O	他的手机又响了，而且他把它从口袋里掏了出来。
tr	O	我不知道，但是那些疤痕却是紫色的。
tr	I	I congratulated myself on distracting her from her current crisis , even if just for a few minutes , and Emily laughed again .
tr	O	他反手打了她的脸，并且她尝到了口中的血腥味。
tr	I	It wasn 't overwhelming but the accent was there .
tr	I	With one last stab he shook against my back , coming inside me and he let out a ragged grunt .
tr	O	她不确定自己是否相信，但是她没有其他解释。
tr	O	我想笑，但是我忍住了。
tr	I	I turn to see a shadow emerge , and Movement in the brush catches my attention .
tr	O	她的眼神变得更加明显，但是她没有反驳。
tr	I	She was completely in the clear and there was no evidence on her .
tr	O	我很酸痛，舒服的酸痛，但是我绝不会告诉他。
tr	O	韧带被拉伸了太多次，但是他拒绝承认自己需要一把更轻的武器。
tr	I	You 're not missing anything on the Outside , and you 're in no danger .
tr	I	I wanted to talk to Martin without her hearing me but I didn 't want to leave her in there alone .
tr	O	你是我们的一员，并且我们照顾自己人。
tr	O	萨姆出门时拍了拍我的头，并且我们一起步入寒冷的柔和晨光中。
tr	I	I fell asleep with his arms around me and soft words were spoken that I didn 't understand .
tr	O	艾拉和她的朋友出去了，并且他一直期待着一些空闲时间。
tr	I	She was grateful for his warmth as she processed the memories and lukas did not remove his hand from the base of her neck .
tr	I	Spider pressed it against his cheek , and he handed Spider a napkin .
tr	O	他想让她成为他的王后，但是他非常清楚她不会自愿跟他走。
tr	I	He was getting there now , but he hadn 't been nervous before .
tr	O	凯瑟琳·普理查德医生是我的治疗师，而且她帮助我在处理创伤后应激障碍方面取得了很大进展。
tr	O	他走进储藏室，并且我关上身后的门。
tr	I	Always I have recovered you and you have never failed me .
tr	O	杰克枪法很好，好得要命，但是瑞秋是如此不可预测。
tr	O	她不知道那人是哪种科学家，但是至少他对保险箱很有品味。
tr	I	She had no clue who he was , and he must care about her a lot .
tr	O	她说道，并且当她抽身离开时，我绷紧了身体。
tr	I	She hadn 't aged a day , and that was almost five years ago .
tr	I	It would take more than blood to create this bond , but the desire was there on both sides .
tr	O	我不确定该如何准确描述它，但是我知道你理解这背后的情感。
tr	I	I start looking for a place she can recharge , and her sled gives an ominous whine .
tr	O	已经是四天了，并且它们在迷蒙中一闪而过。
tr	I	We couldn 't help ourselves , but we shouldn 't have done .
tr	I	She went in to pay and he merely held the door .
tr	O	我的视线模糊了，并且我的手因为残余的肾上腺素而轻微颤抖，那股肾上腺素曾充斥着我，让我在整夜保持专注。
tr	O	她的身体冰冷，但是脉搏还在。
tr	I	It was cold , but there was some sort of soup in a plastic bowl .
tr	I	Before we leave , Andrew takes another step toward my father , but I rise .
tr	I	Heather rolled her eyes and Atlas 's ears flattened .
tr	O	我按下了绿色的按钮，并且跑步机开始移动了。
tr	O	查克点了点头，并且另外两对夫妇则通过眼神默默地相互交流。
tr	O	她的阴蒂完全肿胀了，并且我用拇指把包皮推回去。
tr	I	Amanda stumbled forward and the door suddenly opened wide .
tr	O	我们足以保护好马丁国王，但是政府的其他部门也处于危险之中。
tr	I	They didn 't need to talk about it and he 'd told her weeks ago that the past was the past .
tr	I	The sad fact was he was worse off than me but he kept up the appearance of having quite a bit of money .
tr	I	I would do anything to take that away from her and she was in excruciating pain .
tr	O	右侧的高尔夫球场上长满了许多覆盖着西班牙苔藓的橡树，并且前方桥下流淌着一条小河。
tr	I	I bid my fellows stop and we reach a service entrance .
tr	O	他的手臂上布满了淤青，并且他的眼睛肿得睁不开了。
tr	I	He was going to wear it with pride throughout the tournament , but he wasn 't sure if anyone would appreciate his uniform .
tr	I	Sierra hoped her father would let her leave now that Sandy had moved out , and Sandy was Mason 's problem now .
tr	I	I could see the naked fear in his eyes , and James looked at me .
tr	O	她爱他，该死的，而且现在他竟然也想离开她。
tr	O	奥斯汀大叫，但是已经太迟了。
tr	O	当我的目光落在文森特身上时，我的眼睛睁大了，而且他看起来并不高兴见到我。
tr	O	这根本不是他伤害了她并且她想让他为此付出代价。
tr	O	我抬起另一只手爱抚我的胸部，并且当我这样做时，我听到他吸了一口气。
tr	I	They were still into the longest days of summer , but the sun had set .
tr	O	她停在甲板上让眼睛适应，但是埃利奥特先生撞到了她。
tr	I	She had our brand on her alright and I managed to get to a cow .
tr	O	皮特点头，并且他没有动。
tr	I	Nobody was going to barge in , but Lady Newberry would have a fit if she was to barge in .
tr	I	He was enjoying himself way too much to allow that and her knowledge of his previous donations would keep her from arguing with him .
tr	I	It was bad and it was real .
tr	O	他的古龙水味道比我喜欢的稍微浓烈了一些，但是他那可爱的纽扣衬衫弥补了这一点。
tr	O	这个想法让她觉得很熟悉，然而它又显得很奇怪。
tr	O	坦纳的声音听起来有点不对劲，但是他不可能已经醉了。
tr	O	我困惑地盯着他，并且他悄悄地笑我的表情。
tr	O	黛拉咆哮着，她的视线变得明亮起来，这表明她的眼睛也一样亮了，并且她的犬齿也露了出来。
tr	O	这感觉像折磨，但是我曾面对过更糟糕的。
tr	I	I didn 't like it , but nothing wrong with the name .
tr	O	我的眼睛上方被划破了，并且她的胳膊断了。
tr	O	我很冷，并且我很累！
tr	O	这种想法是，他不仅在残害人类，而且也在挑拨兄弟反目。
tr	O	并不是我希望他重提此事，但是我忍不住思考如果我们没有被打断，事情会如何发展。
tr	O	我能杀了你，并且你能把我交给他们，所以他们就能杀了我！
tr	O	一艘船一直在外面停泊着，并且噪音掩盖了罗伯特到达的声音。
tr	O	托马斯已经能预感到这将是一趟漫长的旅程，并且这与是否步行无关。
tr	O	詹金斯医生现在正在处理这个案子，并且你知道他对未经授权进入他太平间的人是什么态度。
tr	O	伊万笑得很厉害，而且我不明白他。
tr	O	托马斯修士的双眼依然紧闭，并且他的头向前倾斜着触地。
tr	I	Suddenly her body became black smoke , but the tip of his sword had met her flesh .
tr	O	当夜摩讲完他的故事时，外面的天空已经暗了下来，并且柔和的光线现在从天花板上某处隐藏的光源扩散开来，照亮了整个拖车。
tr	O	他们毫无共同之处，并且他希望他们永远不会有。
tr	I	Nobody gives a shit and people know this goes on .
tr	I	Perhaps it was just the most important part so felt tricky , or this was the tricky part .
tr	I	A sign hung over it , prohibiting any customer from wandering in and the door was closed .
tr	I	I knew Steve was getting closer , but I was about to ask him .
tr	I	It was more than apparent that I had to rescue myself somehow , but I don 't remember any discussion about her bloody hair at all .
tr	I	Diana looked startled too , maybe just at hearing Cassie break the silence she 'd kept so long and Melanie 's eyebrows went up .
tr	I	The memories came pouring out and it was as if someone had opened a sealed door .
tr	I	Peter mentioned nothing about what had happened , and Peter 's driver brought Luis back to his apartment .
tr	O	我曾许诺，并且我曾忘记。
tr	O	我并不是真的要强迫她去做，但是她却没有揭穿我的虚张声势。
tr	I	Several men walked among them , and Tiny sprouts were appearing in careful rows piled in the dirt .
tr	I	If it happens again , you call us , but it was probably just someone trying to find a way in out of the cold .
tr	O	我听到自己用我作为入门指导员时培养出的那种声音说话，但是这次我却只是开玩笑地使用它。
tr	I	Half the cops hated him too and there 's nothing really connecting you .
tr	O	那个小镇依山而建，是一个小小的农庄，并且阿德莱德翻过一座山丘时发现了它。
tr	I	Something else entirely filled his eyes , and the puzzled look faded .
tr	I	Windows soared from the floor to the roofline and it was a signature Palm Spring fifties Modernist design where the roof angled up .
tr	O	他闭上眼睛，试图集中精神找出她的下落，但是剧烈的疼痛却模糊了他的思绪，使他无法进行连贯的思考。
tr	O	当他走进房间时，他的笑容消失了，并且她站了起来，立刻变得担忧。
tr	O	她一直很喜欢那个人，但是现在想起他也有阳光过敏。
tr	O	再走几步，并且他们就陷入了黑暗。
tr	O	我能在画布上画出树木最微小的细节，但是我却无法控制我的脚趾——这听起来多么可悲。
tr	O	它就在北贝塞斯达的老乔治敦路旁，并且我需要尽快赶到那里。
tr	O	巴斯特在陌生人面前往往有点脾气暴躁，但是他发现自己不必担心。
tr	O	我几乎是摔到了平台上，并且靛蓝也像布娃娃一样和我一起摔了下去。
tr	O	整件事花了我将近三年时间，但是考虑到它的重要性，我觉得时间花得很值。
tr	I	Turned on the player and * * * Meg put in a music disc .
tr	O	他期望他的特工保持最佳状态，并且这也是金姆大部分空闲时间待的地方。
tr	O	瓦尔骑的马被击中倒下，并且萨姆看到他跳离了那匹倒下的马。
tr	I	He noticed that the moon had a strange yellow haze and the air smelled a bit stale .
tr	O	幸好格鲁吉亚康复了，并且有一段时间他认为他们可能会有一个成功的婚姻。
tr	O	他看了一眼地上摔坏的手机，并且他无法掩饰眼中的愧疚。
tr	O	我能听到她的声音，但是那没什么新鲜的。
tr	O	我发现很难把钱花在自己身上，但是我帮助别人却没问题。
tr	O	这不是艾莉，并且也不是麦基认识的任何人。
tr	O	房间开始被银色烟雾淹没，并且它坍塌了。
tr	I	Only getting the odd whiff of torn elephant and like an audience at the Coliseum watching barbarity .
tr	I	Jennifer felt as if her life were ending , and the crowd parted automatically to admit the priest .
tr	O	他的复仇欲望已经消退了，并且他只剩下遗憾。
tr	I	She hadn 't heard one word about the baby and it had been days now since Tammy had been rushed in .
tr	I	Vikram always had to hold himself back , but it didn 't seem to bother her .
tr	O	卫斯理不习惯潮湿的环境，并且他感激地喝着保温杯里的冰水。
tr	O	我很确定我看到了一些更多的香蕉树，而且我们已经知道那里有椰子。
tr	O	这是他最喜欢的，并且他坚持要把它展示在楼下某个地方。
tr	I	That wasn 't the point , but I know it 'll suck .
tr	I	He was so handsome , and I looked so happy .
tr	O	他的表情变了，并且我能看到各种不同的情绪掠过他的脸庞。
tr	I	She was shuffling her feet uncertainly and Savannah had an overnight bag slung over her shoulder .
tr	I	He didn 't care , and Sebastian didn 't know what she was .
tr	O	我的嘴巴发干，并且我的腿仿佛是用稻草做的。
tr	I	Harriet went to the kitchen and Ted murmured his thanks .
tr	O	海雯张开嘴想说什么，但是话却卡在了喉咙里。
tr	O	天很黑，但是一线细微的月光照亮了小屋。
tr	I	I felt bad for inflicting that on him , and I knew Jesse suffered everything I did when I handled .
tr	O	我可能会受伤：我的心会流血，但是为了她，这是一个我必将抓住的机会。
tr	O	午夜继续大声地咕噜着，并且那声音有点令人安慰。
tr	O	既然他们单独在房间里，他接受了她的爱意，但是当别人可能看到他时，他不喜欢那样。
tr	O	艾比指向他们的左边，并且斯内克再次转动了汽车。
tr	O	拳头突然敲打着查理的窗户，并且在我能从地板上拿回手机之前，她的门被猛地拉开了。
tr	O	她以前见过阿姨把香草挂在天花板上晾干，但是她从未同时见过这么多。
tr	O	他灰褐色的头发被风吹乱了，并且他的脸因不满而紧绷着。
tr	O	我想对她说些什么，但是一个男人抓住了我。
tr	O	她的声音对她来说听起来很遥远，然而其他声音似乎太响了。
tr	I	While I walked toward my car , I had an odd feeling like I was being watched and I left the mall .
tr	I	I could see the faint outlines of his tattoos underneath the long sleeved white uniform shirt and my head was pressed against his chest .
tr	I	She had no time to concern herself , but the language on several signs was oriental , possibly Chinese .
tr	I	She was so tired of being surrounded by death , and she hadn 't known real freedom in so long .
tr	O	他需要和他们一起去，但是帕姆正紧紧抓着他，双拳紧握，紧抓着他黑色T恤的布料。
tr	O	马库斯放手了，并且我向前踉跄了一下。
tr	O	我将一些倒在流动的清水下，并且那种气味立刻开始让我平静下来。
tr	I	Then I hang up the phone , and we exchange a few more quick pleasantries .
tr	O	侍僧把她推出了浴室窗户，并且他离开了她。
tr	I	Both their faces lit up and they spotted me .
tr	I	My tongue made it hard to swallow , and I felt dizzy .
tr	I	You worry too much and Moore talks too much .
tr	I	The two big guys block my escape , but the elevator door opens just as I turn to run .
tr	I	She wouldn 't mate , considering how sexual his son was and privately she wondered how he could even think Domenico .
tr	O	麦克斯想让她满意，并且他把她的需求放在首位。
tr	O	我凝视着吉，并且她避开了我的目光。
tr	I	Even though he must have been crazy mad , I swear to God he smiled , and the Eagle shook his head .
tr	O	他正被冲向他们，并且现在他可以更清楚地了解自己的处境了。
tr	O	她不信任这些人，并且她不打算让他们轻易杀死她。
tr	I	They knew each other , but they ignored each outwardly .
tr	I	The sound of her crying killed me and she was in the bathroom .
tr	O	我先偷看了撒切尔的窗户，然后是萨迪的，但是她哪儿也找不到。
tr	I	It hadn 't had a happy ending , but her story had come to a close .
tr	O	当他们吃饭时，泰勒和她谈论航海，并且她认真倾听，真心感兴趣。
tr	I	The city government fell quickly , and Monterrey didn 't prepare for the invasion .
tr	I	There were more now , but she recognized some faces from her first trip to the cave .
tr	O	我必须在周一之前到达华盛顿特区，并且我途中还有几个地方要停留。
tr	O	他们是你的孩子，而且你本可以给他们留下些食物的。
tr	I	He was sound asleep at the table , but I tried saying good-bye to Sylvester .
tr	I	When she 'd said my name , I recognized the voice , but I didn 't notice her at first .
tr	O	我去打开车门，但是派珀仍然抓着我的一只手。
tr	O	当然，她知道自己出身富裕，但是他自己看起来并不缺钱。
tr	O	她的头发向后梳着，并且她穿着我之前见过她的那件黑色长裙。
tr	I	She had to find someone to help her , and Chloe wasn 't answering her phone again .
tr	O	他自己的背部剧烈抽痛，仿佛他也被猛地撞到了墙上，但是他毫不在意。
tr	I	Finally the bolt broke free , but it took a few tries .
tr	O	苏珊回答前沉默了很久，但是她随后非常简单地说了出来。
tr	I	She moaned with pleasure and Seth lowered his mouth to her ear .
tr	O	里面的声音更响了，并且前门已经虚掩着了。
tr	O	赛转过身，并且我挥手示意他继续。
tr	I	Then he 'd deal with Wade , and he told them he 'd get her to a hospital .
tr	I	That is just the way he liked it and the likelihood of meeting anyone was fairly remote .
tr	I	Cole could feel the heat of her skin radiating off her and they were standing just inches apart .
tr	O	卡尔现在走了过来，并且希恩帮莉比一瘸一拐地走过去站在尤斯塔斯周围。
tr	I	The Parma faithful went berserk , and it was an amazing , fearless , acrobatic maneuver .
tr	I	He was holding my homerun until I agreed and the man knows how to run my bases .
tr	I	I could feel myself blushing , and images of Will would flash across my mind .
tr	I	The sight was sickening to behold , and instead he was responding to her , delighting in her .
tr	I	We have to make decisions and Life is our roadway .
tr	O	最后我握住了父亲的手，但是他没有迅速走开，反而坚定地回握了我的手，这让在场所有人都震惊不已。
tr	I	I see you in him , and I see myself in him .
tr	O	他对于实现预言很重要，并且没有你的帮助他将无法做到。
tr	I	Her body felt warm against mine and she held on to me tightly .
tr	O	铃声响了，并且孩子们出现在我们身后的草地上，大喊大叫，欢声笑语，一生待度。
tr	O	我不怎么想深入讨论这件事，然而与此同时，我喜欢和瑞安聊天。
tr	O	月亮升起来了，并且柔和的光线透过干草棚上方的高窗滤了进来。
tr	O	我曾以为蒂芙尼是一个会走路、会说话的微软Excel版本，但是她比我原以为的更有灵魂。
tr	I	That didn 't sit well with me , and the council said to be watching my every move from now on .
tr	O	这已经不太像一个秘密了，而且纳丁已经和她有过联系了。
tr	O	那个提议诱惑了鲁娜，但是她逃离了它，在她来得及说“是”之前。
tr	I	I had no recent calls but I then looked at the phone log .
tr	I	We fell asleep and he wrapped his body around mine .
tr	I	I would move forward and I had an objective .
tr	I	I read over the text message and my phone beeps from my pocket .
tr	I	I finally found the right street , but it took me a long time .
tr	O	我们的孩子会有的，并且当然你有雅克。
tr	O	它们轻轻地沙沙作响，并且声音的低沉回声从巷子墙壁上传了回来。
tr	O	她从不回应他的叫喊，但是她也没有退缩。
tr	I	She moved her head to block his view and he glanced behind her to the parking lot .
tr	O	她和赛琳娜身高相同，但是身形远比她丰满。
tr	O	我试图挣脱，但是他把我抱得太紧了。
tr	I	It was hard to know for sure , but we assumed fourteen .
tr	I	I nodded gratefully , but it unnerved me .
tr	O	他的嘴角上扬，而且他旧有的顽皮态度一瞬间流露出来，尽管此时不合时宜。
tr	I	Emma was too excited to see him to care about being the perfect Greek wife but they tumbled back against the sofa .
tr	I	His new wife had done for the past five years was argue and it seemed like all my dad .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to try for two and she 'd already had one Navy husband .
tr	O	然后他们走到了前面，并且大家都在聚集准备离开。
tr	I	His stockings were quickly wet with blood , and they peppered Laurence 's legs , stinging like a flock of bees .
tr	O	我伸出手去握他的手，但是他却把手臂搭在我的脖子上。
tr	I	Beyond that , there was no hope for anything else , but he might have used her for food .
tr	I	Their lives will never be the same again and the paths of these three people are united by war .
tr	I	Madison had to work , and Brianna had school .
tr	I	She felt she had a lifetime to know him , but he might have married her for custody reasons .
tr	I	Final y startled a rabbit out of the brush , and he drove into the New Wood , got out .
tr	O	埃莉诺吓了一跳，并且那位显然看得津津有味的蛋糕摊贩，看起来很担心。
tr	O	这不是美食，但是味道仍然很不错。
tr	I	The next she was gone , and one second she was smacking her gum by the fireplace .
tr	I	I glanced over at it in the darkness , and a large white truck pulled up .
tr	I	The bus doors were starting to close as I rushed up , and the stop was down the block .
tr	O	她提醒自己他们是陌生人，但是不知为何感觉并非如此。
tr	O	她试了一个，但是它已经死了。
tr	O	我坐着，目瞪口呆，并且艾薇儿看着我。
tr	O	我很确定瑞斯和我已经做爱了。
tr	I	He took another step closer and his tone was angry .
tr	O	事情已经办妥了，并且就这样了。
tr	O	我把我第一次经历的事情告诉了我的朋友玛拉，并且我们很好奇它是否会发生在她身上。
tr	I	She held her breath to hear better and her eyes darted from building to building .
tr	O	一个英俊的二十多岁的代客泊车员试图打开我的车门，但是尼克不得不打开它。
tr	I	It was not what he was looking for , but that much of Reinhard 's explanation made sense .
tr	O	圣殿骑士开始走向城镇，打算在去更北边的路上穿过它，但是德国人抓住了他的胳膊。
tr	I	Her back started to get cold and the bag was over her shoulder .
tr	I	He reinforced the command with one of his own , but Gregori could tell she had secured him for the night .
tr	O	我最初的本能是争辩，但是内心深处我知道她是正确的。
tr	I	You will not get to say your goodbyes , and otherwise we shall not be passing it along .
tr	O	是的，它以一种动作英雄般的方式吸引人，但是就在那一刻，布伦特带血的脸庞以生动的细节再次出现。
tr	O	我确信NASA有过各种各样的想法，但是现在我必须自己想出一个。
tr	I	He picked it up , and the telephone on his desk rang .
tr	I	He turned to see Ophelia 's lips moving and the whimpering caught him off-guard .
tr	O	声称女人身上的血是我的说法很可能是一个谎言，但是那把削皮刀已经从我厨房里消失好几周了。
tr	I	He lunged , kicking the gun from her grasp and she dodged .
tr	I	Therefore he sought me out instead , and I assumed you had already reached the Mirror .
tr	I	For Markman there was no sense of acceleration at all , but the tube rider shot out of the chamber .
tr	I	A tingle moved through her , and he flashed his infamous smile .
tr	O	尼尔伸手去抓她，但是她推开了他的手臂。
tr	O	他问泽维尔是否在，并且她说这不重要。
tr	O	我的意思是，查理和我在假期里去教堂，因为这是家庭传统的一部分。
tr	O	看他让她欢愉是难以忍受的色情，并且她想知道他是否有同样的感觉。
tr	I	Tavi followed , and Chapter 37 Ambassador Varg fled through the tunnels of the Deeps .
tr	O	埃里克没有比平时站得更直，但是他的指挥气势是明确无误的。
tr	O	他的眼睛闭着，并且我的心猛地一动。
tr	I	She leaned her head to the side , but Bruce turned her slightly , probably dying to get away from the chatty guy .
tr	O	他指了指遥控器，并且我翻了个白眼。
tr	I	It was starting to trust the animal that it smelled and it knew he wasn 't entirely human .
tr	I	Rachel tried to cover up her laughter and Daniel looked at her as though she had three heads .
tr	I	Her voice was slightly softer , but she didn 't sound sympathetic , exactly .
tr	O	她看着我以确保我在听，并且她继续说。
tr	I	They were far from readable , but dark eyes regarded him frankly .
tr	O	哈里森向船长挥了挥手，并且其余的突袭队前进。
tr	I	Boss sighed , and Ryan choked .
tr	I	I guess that is what truly helped and the situation was different .
tr	I	Then shake my head no and I sniffle .
tr	I	Danvers was already out the door , but Max 's roar shook my eardrums .
tr	I	She opened her eyes again , and her brow furrowed .
tr	O	我在选举期间不是政治变色龙，但是账单必须支付。
tr	I	At the same time she found comfort in his arms but Ryan made her nervous .
tr	I	Of course , at that moment , I had none of it , but Hindsight can be comforting .
tr	I	Great blues recordings came over the sound system but the band wasn 't there today .
tr	O	隔壁是空的，并且另一个方向是储藏空间。
tr	O	我想冲进房间，但是我强迫自己等待。
tr	O	我的思绪飘向别处，并且有几分钟，我完全身处他方。
tr	I	I can 't seem to respond , but the others are shouting at me .
tr	I	I remembered , and my head cleared .
tr	I	At that time you must decide what to do and a servant will wake you early tomorrow .
tr	I	I can 't , but as they make their way back up , I attempt to arch against him .
tr	O	听到一声轻微的咔哒声，并且对讲机以一种耸肩的语气回应，充满了漫不经心。
tr	O	她问，并且这次她听起来更有活力。
tr	O	我把母亲的戒指戴到她的手指上，并且她震惊地看着我。
tr	I	Something inside her shriveled , and Danny shook his head .
tr	O	她想要血，并且我知道在某种程度上我想要参与她的游戏，她的黑暗探索中有什么东西让我兴奋。
tr	I	The chains around her wrists kept her in place on her back but she moved to sit up .
tr	O	几个小时后我醒了过来，在他们带我进手术室之前，并且他们说一定发生了什么差错。
tr	I	Now she was beginning to share more of her days , and she already shared most of her nights , sleeping next to him .
tr	I	That was where they really honed in on the mind control , but sure , it might not be as physically challenging as this .
tr	O	他的身体还在，但是他已经不在了。
tr	O	他们的秘密被严密守护着，并且直到索菲女王神秘消失，才有人能够发现任何事情。
tr	I	Yes , he 'd said some horrible things and she 'd had one man in her life .
tr	I	The terrifying hiss cut off , and the plastic goo hardened instantly .
tr	I	He gave the signal to speed up , and I turned around to check on him .
tr	O	有各种关于这把魔法剑的传说，但是关于它的最终命运却什么都不清楚。
tr	I	She drifted and his body helped keep her warm .
tr	I	I knew I 'd have a couple of bruises , and his strong hands gripped me even harder .
tr	O	贝丝的声音从店前响起，并且店铃的叮当声把夏洛特猛然拉回了现实。
tr	I	Now she was worse off than she 'd ever been , and I 'd vowed to save her .
tr	I	He was faster , but Skye went as fast as she could .
tr	O	三人看着他走了一会儿，但是迈克的注意力很快又回到了内特身上。
tr	O	卢克不会逼问我发生了什么，但是它会悬而未决。
tr	I	He breathed no more and his head slumped forward .
tr	I	Those I can 't interpret , but there 's always a reason .
tr	O	我感到没有那些束缚我的羁绊就更轻松了，但是我没有它们也感到很失落。
tr	I	You will be missed and hours will pass .
tr	O	她不同意那么做，但是他还是继续了。
tr	I	My eyes widened in surprise and I turned around .
tr	O	她听见脚步声朝他们跑来，但是她没有抬头看是谁。
tr	I	I bit it back , but I wanted to cry out .
tr	O	情绪爆发了，并且我顺其自然。
tr	I	I want you to have it again , but you gave it back to me .
tr	I	The words never made it to her lips , but she wanted to argue , tell him the car heater would chase away any chill .
tr	I	We looked at each other and we looked at the list .
tr	O	这所房子被证明无法抵挡猛攻，并且前门敞开着，像一个巨大的伤口。
tr	O	想要为自己辩护的念头涌了上来，但是亚当听起来好像我真的惹恼了他。
tr	I	Jeans Millicent gave her and Willow was still wearing the dark green t-shirt .
tr	O	他又让她随心所欲了一会儿，并且她又享受了一次悠闲、彻底、湿润的对他的探索。
tr	I	He smoothly rises to his feet , moving towards me to check for any injuries and elis seems unscathed .
tr	O	她的脸很苍白，并且汗珠布满了她的额头。
tr	I	She had these light brown eyes too , and her skin was a fine buttery colour .
tr	I	The question faded from her mind as the fervor began to build inside her , but Ashley waited for his answer .
tr	I	His disappearing act only compounded the appearance of guilt , and Internal affairs were investigating the guns that he 'd diverted the previous year .
tr	I	Thomas held on to the book with a death grip , but Alanna poked Thomas in this side , then that side .
tr	I	William could see them , in a slowly growing light from above , beginning to retreat once more and the footfalls slowed again .
tr	I	We headed for the porch , and Supper came to the usual quiet close .
tr	O	我觉得我知道，但是我还没准备好说出我的想法。
tr	I	There 's a chance we might be able to get it back , but it 's a long shot .
tr	I	Others would surely follow , and others had gone before .
tr	I	He would despise her for it , and he would know if she lied .
tr	O	我昨晚花了一整夜和他聊天，但是似乎一点都没用。
tr	O	他皱了皱眉，并且当我们踏入宽敞明亮的走廊时，我移开了视线。
tr	I	I suck in my breath and her eyes flicker open .
tr	O	赫勒先生停了下来，用空洞的眼神看着曼尼，并且他的表情从紧张变成了无尽的悲伤。
tr	I	She stepped inside her living quarters and he opened the door for her .
tr	O	我很冷，非常冷，并且我感觉不到我的四肢了。
tr	I	For the moment he was occupied with a more practical problem : but later , this came to be a trouble in his mind .
tr	I	The city 's myriad lights provided a soft glow , bright enough for me to see by but there was no moon out tonight .
tr	I	You still don 't hate me but you know the truth .
tr	O	他落在了一堆从破裂天花板掉下来的玻璃碎片上，并且其中一块锯齿状的碎片刺穿了他的喉咙。
tr	O	他看不清多少，但是枪声却相当密集。
tr	O	我几周前就不再把金伯当作我最好的朋友了，但是我仍然为发生在她身上的事情感到无比糟糕。
tr	I	The edges were tattered and the cover was worn .
tr	I	I started to ask if she was his sister and a girl sat in the chair across from him .
tr	I	I were doing very well and I talked like my parents .
tr	I	What she thought was the way of aristocratic families and Julia had always put it down to Douglas 's reserve .
tr	I	The crowd erupted in cheers and he kissed me .
tr	O	亨利不习惯成为受访者，并且她的眼神仍然让他感到不自在。
tr	O	你想让我那样想，但是我却在你的脑子里，读取你对这个男人日益增长的感情。
tr	I	It would just be a repeat horror show or I had to do something different this time .
tr	I	They call the lion the king of the jungle - and he briefly imagined what raw flesh would taste like .
tr	O	电话响了，并且是基思打来的。
tr	O	他的触碰轻柔地落在她的唇上，并且她半抬起一只手伸向它们。
tr	O	好像他的英语太好了，并且这整件事都是排练过的。
tr	I	At least two of them were full of containers , and at least three football fields could fit within this part of the ship .
tr	O	洛伊斯刚回家，但是我们努力互相照顾。
tr	O	这是一件可憎的事情，但是已经无能为力了。
tr	O	当我在脑海中重演这一刻时，我想我会平静地解释发生的事情，而且她会认真聆听。
tr	I	I worried that I 'd done something irreparable and we didn 't talk much on the way home .
tr	I	This time there were no signs , no warnings , but I knew it was possible because I 'd already faced it several times .
tr	O	你们俩有着独特的联系，但是也许这种联系可以得到加强。
tr	I	He conceded , but I expected more fight .
tr	I	Rena wasn 't sure how to interpret it , but an entirely new expression crossed Nick 's face .
tr	O	薇奥莱特却不这么认为，而且她训斥了我们，说我们下次需要把围巾挂在门把手上。
tr	I	I didn 't even have time to check before my aunt chimed in , but I was pretty sure my jaw had just dropped .
tr	I	They seemed ignorant of his presence , and he was quickly annoyed with their behavior .
tr	I	The earthquakes had taken their toll , but the lava flow kept far enough away from the town .
tr	I	The letters don 't make sense , but Teacher 's writing on the board .
tr	I	Her mind was remembering the episode in the pool earlier in the afternoon and Nik had his arm around her waist .
tr	O	凯蒂把车停在唯一的空位上，而且我给她指了特丽丝的住处在哪里。
tr	I	Another short era was about to end , one with a disaster on the other side but it was necessary .
tr	O	他把我向前一拉，而且我摔倒了。
tr	I	He does not know this word , but then a new order is shouted .
tr	O	我以前跟你搞砸过一次，而且我不会再那样做了。
tr	I	Neil waited with the pile while Matt parked , and it took both of them to unload the truck onto the sidewalk .
tr	I	We got in it anyway , but there was a long line .
tr	I	I winced and the elevator intercom buzzed .
tr	O	他的皮肤比阿纳金见过任何云朵都白，然而即使在光线下它也几乎发光。
tr	I	It holds the world together , but the work they do is not glamorous .
tr	O	她张开了嘴，并且他开车进去了。
tr	I	The whole process grinds to a halt , and one break in the system .
tr	I	I don 't like it , and that punk over there laid his hands on you .
tr	O	我只是在试图为我将她转变辩解，但是当我试图辩解时，这让情况变得更糟了。
tr	O	它不常被使用，所以很难被发现，但是我们可以用它把我们带到高山深处。
tr	O	摩托车的噪音预示着他们的到来，并且那正是赞恩所希望的。
tr	I	That was that and she trusted him .
tr	I	All the things that should make you cry , and he hadn 't cried since the shooting , even though he was sad , devastated .
tr	I	It grew quiet once more and everyone else groaned .
tr	O	它没有立即杀死她，但是它确实设法增强了她的力量。
tr	I	Edwin Davis emerged from the passenger side , and a car wheeled into Kaiser 's drive .
tr	O	他有一张开朗真诚的脸，并且尽管我内心抗拒，我还是喜欢他。
tr	O	我们整天都一无所获，但是我们俩都不介意。
tr	O	如果你白天出行会更安全，但是我想你已经知道了。
tr	O	显然你对在这里上学有所保留，但是这就是我来这里的原因。
tr	I	I need Emily , and I need air .
tr	O	妈妈门下透出一条微弱的亮光，但是我没有停下来。
tr	I	Joshua called out adjustments and the second gun boomed .
tr	O	我问，并且他点头。
tr	O	他低声嘟囔着最后一个字，但是我还是听见了。
tr	I	I started laughing and she started skipping .
tr	I	I tripped him up and one of the R things pushed past me .
tr	O	其他人还在准备离开，并且似乎没有人注意到发生了什么。
tr	I	Gentle teasing and Small talk .
tr	O	他的表情现在变得生硬了，并且他看着我把身份证放回口袋。
tr	O	我开始笑，但是他用嘴唇止住了我的笑声，吻着我直到笑意全无。
tr	I	Soon the historical race called , 1001 Arabian Nightmares but many cups had been taken by them as a pair .
tr	I	They looked up at her , and Conversation stopped as Kira entered .
tr	O	我描绘着她的臀部，但是我把我没有工作的区域用毯子堆起来。
tr	O	我摇了摇头，意识到我并非有意地留意她要去哪里，但是 我仍然确切地知道她在哪里。
tr	I	Before she walked through the falls , he appeared in front of her , but she turned to leave .
tr	I	We didn 't , but I thought for sure we would get in trouble .
tr	O	他的影子笼罩着她，因为他挡住了阳光，为她遮挡了阳光的温暖，并且 嘉娅搓了搓她的上臂。
tr	O	鲜血喷涌，祈祷她，并且 她安静下来，拼命地止住所有能止住的出血点。
tr	O	她伸手去拿，但是 塔隆抓住了她的手腕。
tr	I	I felt the pull there , the connection that it symbolized , and he tugged on the loop of diamonds on my collar as he thrust .
tr	O	如果我失去意识，那么我就死了，并且 塞巴斯蒂安可以随意杀死我。
tr	O	他强忍着眼泪，并且 看着令人心痛。
tr	O	我笑了，并且 莱夫继续俯视着我。
tr	I	Nate 's stomach twisted with agony , and she turned her head away , to hide at least her face .
tr	O	这里没有风，但是 她脸周围的火焰似乎微微闪烁，仿佛它有生命一般。
tr	O	我无意这样做，并且我倾身向前再次吻他。
tr	O	水在他们周围炸开，随着它漫上他们的腿，但是他们没有停下来。
tr	I	There was no change in her , but he drew close to her face .
tr	I	He grabbed my hand and I stood to leave .
tr	O	那里很明亮，并且她不喜欢年轻的克隆人躲避默多克的方式。
tr	O	我拿出我的手机，并且我拨打了莎拉的号码。
tr	O	当我在家的时候，总觉得我们远远落后了……但是我想那其实只是一个借口。
tr	I	The grief was powerful enough to push that aside , but oh , how I hated those words , anger boiling inside of me .
tr	I	A wave of desire swept over her , and she stroked a hand down his hair .
tr	I	I 'm stumbling with exhaustion , but I don 't know how long we 've been walking .
tr	O	每个人都看着汉娜，并且她不情愿地耸了耸肩。
tr	O	她的门被敲响了，并且她母亲的脸出现在门边。
tr	I	Coming tonight meant she could spend time with him , and somewhere along the line she 'd fallen head over heels in love with him .
tr	O	她的脸颊泛起粉色，并且她咬了咬下唇。
tr	O	我稍微脸红了，但是接着我突然失去平衡。
tr	O	屏幕上再次显示出模糊的影像，并且那些急促的心跳声充满了房间。
tr	O	有一个停顿，并且我听到另一端传来窒息的声音。
tr	O	我的思想即将关闭，并且我的身体即将接管。
tr	I	His hands agreed , and ' I 'm shaking , ' he thought .
tr	I	The flames died down and a nauseating smell arose .
tr	I	I didn 't think she had said anything to Dillon , but Alissa knew about my crush .
tr	O	我确信海关最终会通知联邦调查局内的某个特工，并且经过一番困惑后他会向他的老板汇报。
tr	O	他视尼克为兄弟，并且他讨厌看到尼克承受如此大的痛苦。
tr	I	We will not be here to protect them , and perhaps if we leave , another couple will come along .
tr	O	尼尔放开了乔治的手臂，但是她抓住了他的手。
tr	O	那些人一直都在，并且我现在几乎能闻到他们的味道。
tr	O	我花了一分钟才在日光下看清，并且我所看到的一切让我毛骨悚然。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure if I had heard him correctly , but I thought he hissed back .
tr	I	As good as I felt right then , I was willing to take the chance , but maybe I was about to get cut down .
tr	I	The other one is a pansy and that Pierce Brosnan is too new .
tr	O	我不想杀死那只动物，但是我已决定要通过。
tr	O	我只是一个十五岁的男孩，但是我却认为自己是个男人。
tr	O	太阳在天空中渐渐下沉，然而海面仍在因倾泻而出的石油而燃烧。
tr	I	Fortunately I 'm the one reading it , not Ella , but it 's like I 'm reading about a downward spiral .
tr	O	他们的司机把车开到他楼下，并且他扶麦肯齐下车。
tr	I	His eyes darkened and he looked down at me .
tr	O	他再次抓住我的手，而且我想要抽回。
tr	O	她摇了摇头，但是接着她的眼睛猛地睁大。
tr	O	他们尝试使用更年轻的吸血鬼，但是效果不佳。
tr	O	他喜欢阿黛拉，并且维持他们关系的原样：纯粹是生意，可能是明智的。
tr	O	他们很漂亮，并且他们能读懂他的心思。
tr	O	他解开了连衣裙到她的腰部，并且它就掉了下来。
tr	O	米兰达继续说着，但是凯莉却不再理会她。
tr	O	囚犯用力地咽了一下，并且然后他挑衅地挺直了身子。
tr	O	我花了几分钟，但是我终于在人群中认出了我的朋友。
tr	O	地球意义上的疾病在外层世界是未知的，并且对未知的恐惧总是病态的。
tr	O	它看起来像是来自某个欧洲银行，但是我却毫不怀疑它是真的。
tr	O	逃跑不是答案，但是让那个可怜的女孩再次暴露在那种生活中也不是。
tr	O	让他进入董事会，并且他自信，有魄力。
tr	I	I wasn 't stupid , but I may be crazy .
tr	I	I pray to a forbidden God that she 'll be there when I get back , and I left her in a deserted library .
tr	I	I did , but I couldn 't remember how I knew him .
tr	I	He made her feel every inch as beautiful as he thought she was , but it wasn 't true .
tr	I	They hadn 't parted yet and it didn 't count as a date when it was still Sunday .
tr	O	我今晚在图书馆筹款活动上和她谈谈，或者这项提议就作废了。
tr	I	I closed in and the black stopped .
tr	I	He squeezed it , and then he reached out for her hand .
tr	O	水很黑，并且船只只能通过船头悬挂的灯光才能被看到。
tr	O	它的玻璃面板裂开了，并且吉米抓住了它的手腕。
tr	I	Joshua stood before the curtain and they approached the entrance to the archway .
tr	I	She 's younger than most kids coming to college , and she 's on her own for the first time .
tr	I	It 's too powerful , and there 's too much energy .
tr	O	你会学会爱上我，并且之后我们就能在这里度过余生。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why that request would bother him so , and his face tensed , almost as if he was in pain .
tr	O	他把它颠起，并且托尼把它扣下。
tr	O	我们还需要观察她是否有血栓，但是如果没有发生那些情况，她应该会没事。
tr	I	They both backed away and Matthew helped up Stephanie .
tr	O	安德鲁抬头看，并且我停止了敲打。
tr	I	She smiled her thanks up into his dark eyes and he held her firmly though .
tr	I	I was trying my best to be polite , but I 'd already surmised that she wasn 't .
tr	O	他不能确定，但是他感到自己的心因为她可能还活着而雀跃。
tr	I	This one was complete with rolling credits , but just thinking the word triggered another flashback .
tr	I	Troy fell to his back on the ground and Blood gushed as the tissues gave .
tr	I	I 'm not going to ask , and I haven 't got any idea .
tr	O	这位寡妇是玛格丽特·博福特夫人，并且她的孩子，亨利·都铎，是未来的英格兰国王。
tr	I	It was not working out so well but his mind was still trying to react around her .
tr	I	I turned , peering over the box and a noise , kind of a groaning sound , came from behind .
tr	O	我确实需要一位医生，但是不会是他的人。
tr	O	妮可，我知道你可能不想和我说话，但是我想。
tr	I	Confusion was difficult to deal with and she didn 't understand .
tr	I	He held the door open , and Sean 's smile got even wider .
tr	I	It was late at night , and the others were in bed .
tr	I	It had gone by peacefully and it was my night to stay with her .
tr	O	热巧克力送来了，并且服务员将其倒入小杯中。
tr	I	You know what , and you 've been blaming me for Bubba all these years ?
tr	O	古斯塔夫晚餐时没有多说，并且他们吃完饭后，他进了客厅去拼拼图。
tr	O	我们都停顿了一秒，并且我想起了他。
tr	I	The king had tried to kill them , and my hounds had defended me .
tr	I	His father muted the television , obviously waiting for him to enlighten them about his visit and Vaughn followed .
tr	O	我知道她双唇轻柔地在我唇上移动的感觉，并且我知道她双手抓住我头发的感觉。
tr	I	She was leaving next week sometime , and on Sunday he would be leaving .
tr	O	麦迪逊不知道她盯着照片看了多久，但是那一定有几个小时了。
tr	I	He can 't break through , but Griff 's close , Bryn .
tr	I	He wanted to feast on her in every way , but he knew he couldn 't take much .
tr	I	She snatched the dagger that she was preserving underneath it and Jordan 's hand reached for her pillow .
tr	O	我会继续我的生活，并且她也会继续她的生活。
tr	O	她爱果园谷胜过世上任何地方，但是她住在这里永远不会满足。
tr	I	His fangs emerged and he moved faster until a new instinct broke over him .
tr	O	我给了亨利一个抱歉的眼神，但是他似乎并不介意。
tr	I	He turned onto a road that was little more than a gravel trail and the truck slowed .
tr	I	There was no way to run and the woman were trapped .
tr	I	He looked at Alec , but Magnus might have found the situation funny at another time .
tr	O	我们在结束前又唱了一首歌，并且我看着凯德唱歌。
tr	I	I don 't care about rules , and I don 't care about Collars .
tr	O	他合成的香水非常微妙，我几乎无法察觉，但是人类的鼻子是我们最不灵敏的感官之一。
tr	I	I felt my face drain of color , but the girls started congratulating each other , happy to have uncovered another cheater .
tr	I	His augmentation sparked , and his face twitched .
tr	O	拉夫的脸痛苦地扭曲着，并且阿黛尔突然发现他的目光落在她身上。
tr	O	她的好奇心终究战胜了她，并且她停在人行道上打开了信封。
tr	I	He usually allots a set amount of time to determine whether it 's going to be successful , and he bought this business about a year ago .
tr	I	It still drove me crazy , but not that it had stopped him .
tr	O	那辆车从他身边呼啸而过，并且他在它的气流中颤抖了一下。
tr	O	所有人的目光都落在莉莎身上，并且她能感觉到自己的脸颊发烫。
tr	I	It didn 't seem to do any good , but she covered her ears .
tr	I	Her love for the art world shone in her eyes and she was so knowledgeable .
tr	O	艾薇在我身边咯咯地笑了，并且我们又开始走路了。
tr	I	He was determined not to give up , and he knew that it was there though .
tr	O	他知道他得到了他兄弟的支持，并且那对他很重要。
tr	O	她爱她所有的马，但是欢乐对她来说很特别。
tr	O	果然，我收到了一份电话公司的账单，并且我仔细查阅了那份冗长的通话清单。
tr	I	I need Gabe to be here anyway , but I know this is true .
tr	I	You know those two when they 're going at it and Jerry 's been acting up again .
tr	O	杰克逊的后躯猛地向上抬起，并且他盯着终点线。
tr	O	德文把我拉过去拥抱，而且我不知为何很想哭。
tr	O	瑞秋的大腿上平衡放着一个黄色法律记事本，并且她一直用一支粉色墨水笔做笔记。
tr	O	哈里森的刀锋锐利无比，而且他显然是一名经验丰富的剑客。
tr	O	我已经准备好投入他的怀抱，但是他却轻易地走开了。
tr	I	I could guess , but I asked .
tr	I	Once the realization came , I didn 't fight it any more , but I knew I must be an awful person to be this way .
tr	O	我一直都知道他在做什么，而且我还是让他得逞了。
tr	O	这比听起来还要糟糕，但是我们很享受。
tr	I	He wrapped his other arm around me and I sniffled .
tr	O	门在他身后关上了，但是他没有动。
tr	I	This was one of hers and a lady was entitled to her secrets .
tr	O	他不能走开，而且他们俩都知道这一点。
tr	I	She felt the first hint of unease rippling through her body and he gave another small push .
tr	O	我们的系统非常严密，并且我们没有出现任何违规。
tr	I	He fought back-to-back with Lea , darting forward with their sickles blades , lobbing off an automaton 's arms and Marcus was back on his feet .
tr	O	他仍然目光涣散地盯着她，但是她感觉虽然他的眼睛看着她，但他并没有真正看到她。
tr	I	It terrified her how much she enjoyed it ... and enough so that she allowed herself to kiss another man .
tr	O	我们当初搬到这里是她的错，并且现在我的生活很悲惨。
tr	O	他取了它的样本，并且他们离开了。
tr	O	我可以为她报仇，或者我可以安慰她。
tr	I	Dallas would die , and if he discovered other agents were hunting him , he would vanish .
tr	O	你很坚强，并且你会活下来。
tr	I	They had left the chimes up and I had told my parents this .
tr	O	他从他所处的任何状态中清醒过来，并且他内心有什么东西像相机快门一样关闭了。
tr	I	He did , and he could .
tr	I	There were tears streaming down her face , but she nodded again .
tr	I	I don 't answer , but I look at him .
tr	O	天空早已漆黑一片，并且月亮高悬在空中。
tr	I	She swallowed deeply , and Worry etched her eyes .
tr	O	有人喊叫，并且听起来像是马库斯。
tr	O	拜伦是个好人，并且鲁珀特对他评价很高。
tr	O	瑞克的女儿们都怕黑，但是那个本地女孩认为一弯残月提供了足够的光线。
tr	O	他的手垂到身侧，并且我知道他已经走了。
tr	O	我听到一声痛苦的叫喊，但是那时我已经到了贝丝身边。
tr	I	She had changed and Rose had somehow known that Emily would foresee that event in the future .
tr	I	They barely found enough chairs for their group on the bottom level and the place was crowded .
tr	I	He spent a month taking ski lesson after lesson with her , and yes , she had legs then , sexy long ski legs .
tr	I	She kept throwing disturbed glances at Suzanna , but the woman had taken a seat across from Amy .
tr	I	They both knew it , and Philip at his worst temper wasn 't equal to Daemon at his best .
tr	O	这里有一个宏伟的计划在运作，并且我恐怕这并非我所为。
tr	O	他摇摇晃晃，失去平衡，并且只是模糊地挥了挥手。
tr	I	Not too thrilled about the current status of our relationship , but there 's something solemn about him , something quietly accepting .
tr	I	He hissed , and she dug her nails into his shoulders .
tr	O	当她看着凯恩的幻想时，她的身体开始发热，并且一阵红晕蔓延到她的皮肤上。
tr	O	又一声尖叫，并且所有的蜡烛都熄灭了。
tr	I	The baby began to move and a quiet little squeak came from the crib .
tr	I	He seemed frozen in place , forcing me to compensate with a step back , but most strangers would allow a personal space bubble .
tr	O	大多数疯子不认为自己疯了，但是她似乎对此感到自豪。
tr	O	他的目光越过我，看向奎因坐着的地方，并且他随后又与我的目光相遇了。
tr	O	它们再次睁开，并且他的眼睛依然拉长着。
tr	O	其中每一个都令人毛骨悚然，但是她就是无法理解萨姆竟会以那种方式受苦的事实。
tr	I	His mind couldn 't stop seeing it , and his eyes couldn 't ignore the destruction .
tr	O	她在那声音的驱使下踉跄地走进凉爽的房间，并且世界变得清晰了。
tr	I	She laughed and I looked around .
tr	I	His tone indicated mostly curiosity , but Boone should have been suspicious .
tr	I	Their maddened howls filled the air , and their arms were flailed in rage .
tr	O	南希不喜欢那个女人，并且莉兹也当然没有理由喜欢她。
tr	O	她的思绪麻木了，并且她的身体冰冷。
tr	I	You gave it away , but you sought your life .
tr	O	他在给他们带来水晶时，不知不觉地冒了生命危险，并且他才是那个应该提问的人。
tr	O	我们长谈了一番，并且她透露了一些有趣的事情。
tr	O	即使她想逃走，她也逃不掉，但是她根本不想逃走。
tr	O	他不知道，并且他在开车时想到，这没什么大不了的。
tr	I	They 'd never make themselves look bad by mistreating a guest , but they might disown her after the party .
tr	I	She would go with this , but that wasn 't what she was looking for .
tr	I	I was still surprised , but I 'd hoped this was the case .
tr	I	I could read the disappointment in his eyes , and Ethan looked at me for a long time .
tr	I	She 'd jumped at the chance to be free to run the ranch herself , and he 'd said there was no need to pay him back .
tr	O	我妈妈笑容很灿烂，但是这个笑容却让我感到担忧，而不是安慰。
tr	I	We 'll meet at the entrance and Caleb went to get the rest of your squad .
tr	I	Her cheeks high , although a distinct softness pulled at her full lips and her chin was sharp .
tr	I	Her small body fit nicely , but it was a closer squeeze .
tr	I	This one was different but he always felt good when he acquired a new company .
tr	I	You proved me wrong but walking around with my very handsome friends made me feel like nothing .
tr	I	She studied it for at least ten minutes , and one piece in particular struck Shirley .
tr	O	塞门的半场谈话比上一场比赛振奋人心多了，但是他仍然坚持使用他的首发十一人，令扎克很失望。
tr	I	She asked who could possibly want to meet with him at two in the morning , and this was intriguing to Nikki .
tr	O	她的父亲喜欢任何能给他喝酒借口的机会，并且她的母亲对他们俩做什么都漠不关心。
tr	O	这在心理上摧毁了他，但是如果我们得到了我们要求的价格，那也是值得的。
tr	I	I overheard it , and they had your address .
tr	O	我知道我们认识不久，但是那不重要。
tr	I	Slowly he turned his head in my direction , and Marcus ' eyes grew bigger .
tr	O	我试图说些什么，但是没有一个字能说出来。
tr	O	我们挂了电话，并且我感觉好了一点点。
tr	I	Then they had to crawl , but for the first few minutes they could duck walk .
tr	I	He would be mad , and if Leon didn 't get past the jamming influence on their burst channel , Brood would be back .
tr	I	He 'd said nothing of the sort , but I got the sense that Jackson was a bit disappointed , too .
tr	O	人们不关心她，但是那个女孩关心。
tr	I	I sensed him shaking his head , and I gave him a glimpse of my thoughts , even long distance .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	I	We have no fear of anything inside this room , and we talk about whatever we want .
tr	O	维克多的脚滑了一下，并且他的膝盖撞到了冰上。
tr	I	Instead , Zeus stood in front of us , but I was expecting to see Lilith again .
tr	O	他开始伸手去抓她，但是诺亚锁住了他的肌肉。
tr	O	他没有费心遮盖自己，并且她意识到他可能没有完全意识到自己在人类看来是多么赤裸。
tr	I	As much as I liked them there , I started trying to wriggle free of his grasp , and his arms will still around me .
tr	O	这是对（人类）梦境的常见解释，但是工作人员怀疑这是否适用于艾米的案例。
tr	I	You 're all I know but being with you is amazing .
tr	O	威尔在她家里一直很受欢迎，而且他经常在那里，让房子充满了他的慰藉。
tr	O	汗水顺着他的脸流下，并且他的心脏剧烈跳动。
tr	O	僵尸咧嘴笑了，但是那可能只是她的一种错觉。
tr	O	肯塔基水坝的发电厂无限期关闭了，而且整个JP都停电了，就像我们一样。
tr	O	我没有约会对象，而且她也没有约会对象。
tr	I	Then surely had gotten away and Trevor had shocked the man .
tr	O	他们仍然可以提出挑战，但是我认为他们不会。
tr	I	He still looked very much in control , but his face full of concern .
tr	O	哈金法官下令休庭十五分钟，而且当他回到法官席时，他宣布他们将进入陪审团挑选的不同阶段。
tr	I	Taro wanted to do some training before breakfast and there was a gym on the eleventh floor .
tr	I	I don 't take the time to wonder why and there are cushions everywhere inside this little pool house .
tr	I	I don 't believe him , but he says he is going to get out .
tr	I	I have to feel my way around and it 's dark in the vent shaft .
tr	I	There was no help for that , and she was coming to her termination .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I wanted to know this but he was actually opening up to me .
tr	O	有四名男子，并且他们正匆忙走向赛场。
tr	I	I also didn 't care what he said about me , but David made a smart remark that I didn 't hear .
tr	I	The fire returned and their cheers echoed far .
tr	I	Micah took in a breath as he stopped behind a tree trunk , and I could see a hint of the river in front of us .
tr	O	这是好东西，并且他确实喜欢。
tr	I	I 'll call you when I can 't keep my eyelids propped up , and you go to sleep , Mr. Frodo .
tr	O	他的肤色是典型的吸血鬼般苍白，但是他的脸颊带着一丝淡淡的色彩。
tr	I	None of them felt this right , and I 'd kissed many girls before .
tr	I	Its white coat was bedecked with tiny bloody scratches , but it would tear them out , trample them underfoot .
tr	O	他的目光落在了桌子上，并且他从那里得到了提示。
tr	I	Kelsey tried to breathe , and they moved forward again .
tr	O	首先，我们知道你不知道红宝石牧场所有人的名字，但是你观察力极强。
tr	O	一切都感觉格外强烈，而且当我们互相凝视时，我感觉自己像在飞。
tr	O	一丝微弱的恐惧在她胸中萌生，但是她并不是在害怕他。
tr	I	She refused to even consider anything else and her first promise had been to herself .
tr	I	They 're normally advised to take B12 supplements and my diet was almost like a vegetarian 's .
tr	O	几个学生对这个评论笑了，但是我却未能从中找到笑点。
tr	I	I could hear something else as well , but I heard the sound of metal creaking .
tr	I	I quickly shook my head , motioning for him to stay put and Riley took a step forward .
tr	I	She was always the same : the steady older sister who looked out for me , and I had so many memories of her .
tr	O	这里没有必要着急，而且这里没有配给制！
tr	I	For a long moment it felt as if we were the only two people in the world , and my mother gazed at me .
tr	O	我看不清是谁，因为那两个男孩比他们高出一大截，但是后来我看到了。
tr	O	事情看起来不太妙，但是他们还是赢了。
tr	I	It was the best I could do under the circumstances , but it was not the place that he would have wanted .
tr	O	这发生在18个月前，并且他从未向任何其他人讲过他的故事。
tr	O	是的，我所有的计划都泡汤了，但是我还会制定新的计划。
tr	O	我看得出他是在为我们简化事情，并且尽管别人可能会觉得被冒犯，我还是很欣赏它。
tr	I	I hadn 't heard from Taylor and Chapter Sixteen Two days had passed .
tr	O	我已经给妮可打了大约一百次电话了，但是她不接我的电话。
tr	I	When he looked down over the drop he saw a river unwinding below , and a few yards ahead of him , the ground ended .
tr	O	我和马库斯度过了一个美好的夜晚，并且他要离开了。
tr	I	Nothing could subdue her anger , but she turned on the television .
tr	I	Owen smiled , promising a compliment in the end , but Emma frowned slightly .
tr	I	She looked away from him , focused on the view outside , and her cheeks went pinker .
tr	O	我和我的叔叔谈了，并且他同意了这个计划。
tr	O	他和我年龄相仿，并且他的山区口音让我想起了萨凡纳的。
tr	O	不管那是什么，都是温暖的，并且它总是向下融化，就像一只手在她内裤里一样。
tr	O	华丽的雕刻深嵌在刀刃上，并且刀柄完美地贴合他的手。
tr	O	眼前短暂地出现黑斑跳动，并且胃里涌起一阵明显的恶心。
tr	O	她手里拿着一把沾满煤灰的大刷子，并且她刚刚踢翻了一桶水。
tr	O	加里克的眼睛暗了下来，并且当他的目光落在我的嘴唇上时，我屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	She wasn 't ashamed of her body , and surely getting down to basics was the aim , anyway .
tr	I	She walked across to my side and her eyes crinkled as she tried to smile at me .
tr	O	他一直在谷仓旁边雕刻，并且我看到了他最新的尝试。
tr	O	你的家人很可能是因为你的财富而被盯上，并且你的父亲之死并非计划之中。
tr	O	我们本应接受十二周的培训，但是最终我们只得到了七周。
tr	I	My mind is rushing in so many different directions I can hardly pull out any coherent thoughts , but I think she might be beautiful .
tr	O	我们紧紧抓住彼此，直到余震消退，呼吸平稳才松开。
tr	I	It showed , and he was .
tr	O	几乎不相信是他，但是话又说回来，我们一直都认为他是个麻烦制造者。
tr	I	We are also the most oppressed , but the policemen stand as the second most feared organization on this planet .
tr	O	他说她在里面打电话，但是我们会等她挂断电话。
tr	I	Gramps shakes his head , and she smiles in response .
tr	O	鉴于他厌恶挖沟的想法，弗朗西斯科突然很高兴他说了出来，但是他的乐观是短暂的。
tr	O	我悄悄地笑，杰克和我短暂对视。
tr	O	她的胳膊太短了，并且她差点翻进水里。
tr	O	泪水涌上我的眼眶，原因多得我甚至无法一一说出，并且我把脸从他身边转开。
tr	O	她让我笑了，而且很长时间里没有人那样做过。
tr	O	他从未结婚，没有孩子，并且农场破败不堪。
tr	O	美好的一天，她想，而且春天如此之近，她几乎都能尝到它的味道了。
tr	I	Her gaze and he caught her shoulders .
tr	O	那些轻咬让她感到刺痛，但是他舔舐着每一次刺痛，直到它变得敏感，进一步燃起了她的欲望。
tr	O	他把它们猛地拉过她的脚，而且她的双眼在舒适中幸福地闭上了。
tr	I	Two leather-bound books were on the ground , and a plate containing a half-eaten sandwich was on the porch swing .
tr	O	我们就会结婚了，而且事情就会正式化了。
tr	O	侦探在处理另一个案件时认识了他，而且从那时起他们就形影不离了。
tr	I	I never heard him say an unkind word about anyone and he loved to tell stories about the past .
tr	I	The middle one was the same in all of them , but there appeared to be six of them in a repeated pattern of threes .
tr	O	她在全球各地到处奔波，而且他又两次在阳光下抓住了她。
tr	O	他是我的哥哥，并且他对我来说意味着全世界。
tr	I	That had been left upstairs , of course , but she groped around in vain hope for her handbag .
tr	I	I can 't find it in me to greet him , but I haven 't seen him since before the simulation attack .
tr	I	I would get my chance , and he would be here soon enough .
tr	I	The woman kept trying , but none of them had ever worked .
tr	O	木头裂开了，并且她又撞了上去，毁坏了那个部分。
tr	I	Now that he had his friends here , he even smiled on occasion , but Longbow had always seemed to be a solitary sort of man .
tr	O	她明白迈克白天没有时间，但是她有。
tr	I	She was busy looking for something by her feet but I would have asked why she used asterisks instead .
tr	O	很多很多的虫子，这真可以被认为是一种轻描淡写，并且比利的比喻也没有偏离目标太远。
tr	O	我当然见过别人为了迎合自己的热情而扭曲证据，但是时间会证明这个人如何。
tr	O	那曾是凯伦嫁给巴里时的早餐室，但是她已经把它清理出来，为大卫腾出一个好的游乐区。
tr	I	He noted the time and his eyes slid to the clock .
tr	O	天空阴沉沉的，并且我很高兴。
tr	O	最好的策略就是对你的小鬼什么都不做，并且那正是麦克所做的。
tr	I	I plucked it out carefully and there was a simple white card stuck amongst the stems .
tr	O	他们登上了一艘船，并且安德鲁转向我。
tr	O	我留在后面看那些耳语石，并且我失去了其他人的踪影。
tr	O	我希望我没有发烧，并且我真的需要凉快一下。
tr	O	她的皮肤在寒冷中起了鸡皮疙瘩，但是她没有把自己盖起来。
tr	I	Jase could see the outline of the head pointing to the right , but his dick was soft .
tr	I	I am drawn to the darkest corner where the shadows are the deepest , but the waning moon casts the graveyard in pale silver light .
tr	O	他只能想象死亡谷离家有多远，但是此刻，它感觉比以往任何时候都更遥远。
tr	I	I want to be back by nightfall and it 'll take us a good half day to reach Sir Richard 's farm .
tr	O	你从不知道这个，但是我闻到了你的味道，几乎把鼻子凑到你的头发旁。
tr	I	He drew me down beside him , and in answer I offered my hand .
tr	O	如果她能唱歌的话，她会吹口哨的，但是她觉得那可能有点过头了。
tr	O	他把一颗抗生素药丸放在她手里，并且她把它扔了回去，没有费心争论。
tr	O	Doyle 走进等候区，并且 我的护士甚至没说再见就走开了。
tr	O	我抗议着将他按倒在地，并且 我能看到他脸上怒气上涌。
tr	O	格雷格哼了一声，但是 他跟着我去了后院的凉亭。
tr	O	恐惧将她引向舒适的幻觉，然而 最终，它仍将是一个幻觉。
tr	O	花了几秒钟，但是 怒火占据了上风。
tr	O	他必须相信自己的直觉，但是 他不能严重伤害他们。
tr	O	莎士比亚说，玫瑰即便换了名字也一样芬芳，但是 我不相信。
tr	I	He could see how people could like it , but it still wasn 't quite the sort of music that he would willingly listen to .
tr	O	整条街都加强了防御，并且 每条相邻的道路都被封锁了。
tr	O	一条温暖的机上毛毯小心翼翼地盖在她身上，而且迈克尔·托兰德也正从她身边醒来。
tr	O	《死亡协议》的条款现在已经达成，并且我什么也不欠泰勒了。
tr	O	我希望让探测器被送出且从未返回这件事显得不祥。
tr	O	朱德犹豫了，但是路德维希向前一步，他的眼睛里充满了如此炽热的火焰，以至于她屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	I said so anyway , but I wasn 't .
tr	O	他费力地措辞，而且我点头回应。
tr	I	She had hurt Missy as well , but Sara had not only devastated Jeff .
tr	I	When I do look up , I realize I haven 't missed much but it takes a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to the brightness .
tr	I	It will not end for another half cycle , and the celebration has begun .
tr	O	有人高喊绞死，有人高喊石刑，但是所有高喊的人都要求摩根之死。
tr	O	有人在说话，但是我听不清在说什么。
tr	I	Evan led me down , and it was a staircase .
tr	O	我的头低了下来，而且他深深地吻了我。
tr	I	He had suffered much worse injuries with his work in The Coalition ... but his injuries hurt .
tr	O	他的话仍然让我的脸颊发烫，并且我脚跟有点站不稳，不想与他对视。
tr	O	她正在寻找一个租客，并且我恰好先到了这里。
tr	O	她听到一个哽咽的声音从她喉咙里发出，但是那是她唯一能发出的声音。
tr	O	外面风刮大了，并且现在她能听到微弱的音乐。
tr	O	他凝视着我的眼睛，并且我从他身上找到了力量。
tr	O	小屋的门开了，并且黛拉认出了属于某个女巫的清新草本气味。
tr	I	His face was splattered with blood , and his blond hair was plastered to his scalp .
tr	O	他为人温和，但是那会让你在他说话时认真倾听。
tr	I	It 's time to log on for my therapy session , but I 'd much rather continue exploring Mason .
tr	I	I felt sweet relief enter my bones , and the room took on a different light then , pardoning the pun .
tr	I	Seeing her like that made me desperate to do it more , but we hadn 't delved into anything too kinky for a while .
tr	I	They embraced , and fighting back tears , she staggered to her mother 's side .
tr	I	He was wearing peculiar ritual garments , but the picture was the major 's face .
tr	I	Then it slammed against the sink counter , and the door opened , slightly at first .
tr	O	她现在可能已经知道哈雷不会回来了，并且她已经失去了她的仙女。
tr	O	她点了点头，并且没有问任何问题，她沿着走廊走去。
tr	O	把它抬高一英寸是一场巨大的挣扎，并且它甚至感觉不再像他的手臂了。
tr	I	His c * ck dug deeper , and he thrust .
tr	I	I liked spending time with him , but getting too attached to this guy wasn 't something I could do .
tr	I	They can decide from there and to each country we 'll only give them the safe areas on their own land .
tr	I	Elliott shrugs , but he looks quickly to Elliott , as if he might have the answer .
tr	I	She realized that she was not alone , and there was an exclamation .
tr	I	I put my hand on her back , guiding her towards the kitchen and Sarah gives me a weak smile .
tr	O	在那一刻，他最想做的就是把她藏在他们的墓穴里，并且给予她任何她想要的东西。
tr	I	Then he grins , but Mr. Goodwin looks freaked out for a second .
tr	O	阿基瓦尖叫起来，并且马德里加尔的心对此作出了回应。
tr	O	踢掉鞋子后，我挪到床上，并且罗宾也做了同样的事情。
tr	I	I can 't put them together in a way that makes sense , but thoughts keep swimming through my head .
tr	I	The reality of doing it isn 't , but I realize the thought of trying to smell someone is beyond gross .
tr	I	I want to get back to the computer and I 'm awake .
tr	O	它痛苦地尖叫着，但是弹药警告灯现在呈实心红色。
tr	O	她周围的男人们都惊呆了，并且他们的眼睛充满了恐惧。
tr	O	我喜欢工作，并且我想赚自己的钱。
tr	I	Tonight she would make an exception , but she rarely drove at night .
tr	O	人们不会一见钟情，并且 最重要的是他们不会跨越海洋追随所爱之人。
tr	O	他推开门，并且 我们走进屋里。
tr	I	When she does , Duke winks , and she glances back at me again .
tr	O	她还没有感到疼痛，但是 她知道自己会痛的。
tr	O	我会娶我见到的第一个公主，即使她像赫卡忒一样丑陋，并且 然后我就会成为国王。
tr	O	下周我让他带我去戒指店，并且 我们把它换成了一个我可以在公共场合佩戴而不会感到尴尬的东西。
tr	O	等他回到家时，我一定已经睡着了，但是 我在他怀里醒来并没有感到惊讶。
tr	I	I was interrogated for days , and they dragged me in front of the Inquisitor .
tr	I	She handed me a black-and-white picture , and apparently that worked for her .
tr	O	她相应的笑容灿烂夺目，并且 她的眼睛闪烁着欢乐。
tr	I	If he wanted her to stay , she would just drop everything , and she decided that if she could make it work again with Paolo .
tr	I	The ritual continued and Jim stepped forward .
tr	I	I feel certain there is something here for everyone , but because of my eclectic tastes , one story may be vastly different from another .
tr	I	Then it dawned , and Nick nodded slowly .
tr	O	他们相距五十多英尺，并且 到目前为止 约瑟夫还没有从他们医院附近的短暂相遇中认出安特。
tr	I	So I kept telling myself ... or it was better that way .
tr	O	我正慢慢靠近那扇小门，但是他声音里的急切让我停了下来。
tr	O	艾玛的眼睛睁大了，并且我几乎能想象出她正在梦想着什么食物。
tr	I	I was going to make sure he got it and his brother deserved the respect of a funeral .
tr	O	她是它的奴隶，并且他们都知道这一点。
tr	O	它太远了看不见，但是她能感觉到它。
tr	O	树叶都掉了，并且公园里会非常冷。
tr	I	She hit the switch again , and the radio crackled .
tr	O	他开始躺在我身边，但是我阻止了他。
tr	O	她的手滑回睡衣里，并且她仰卧着凝视着帐篷低矮的天花板。
tr	I	I knew the bare facts , but coming from South Carolina where we had our own political superstars , I hadn 't followed his career closely .
tr	I	At least I think I did or I nodded .
tr	O	他选择让我活下来，并且我因此欠他一份情。
tr	I	Ian held the door fast but she tugged on the handle .
tr	O	引擎熄火了，并且她的爸爸和埃德一起爬了出来。
tr	O	我们到了正确的楼层，并且每个人在进去之前都停下来喘口气。
tr	O	按蒙大拿州的标准来看，这个牧场很小，是个爱好型牧场，但是它仍然让她感到孤立。
tr	I	He never questioned why and I never went inside my office .
tr	O	战斗仍在我们周围进行，但是食尸鬼的主力正在集中攻击那些处境艰难的吸血鬼。
tr	I	No one had fallen to their death , and they were out , both of them .
tr	O	基督在新约中治愈了一个麻风病人，并且他确信上帝永远与他同在。
tr	I	Now I felt exhausted again , but I 'd enjoyed talking to Anna .
tr	I	They all looked ready to lunge at any second , and I glared at the crouched , snarling rogues .
tr	I	That hardly seemed practical when the forest was so close , but he could always stay up all night watching .
tr	I	Ben turned back on course for his destination and Arthur made his way to the pub .
tr	I	She surprisingly changed the course of our conversation , but I expected her to press me on it .
tr	I	Hovering before Amira could draw another breath and he had his bead out .
tr	O	笑容开始在罗斯的嘴角上扬，但是他们四人组中的第四个人驱散了它。
tr	I	She frowned again , and Ellie knew that if necessary Linda would rearrange the entire event to accommodate David 's schedule .
tr	O	我们不会留下我们中的任何一个人独自战斗，而且我们绝不会抛弃你。
tr	I	They may know where we 're at and there are two more people out there still on the loose that may want to hurt us .
tr	I	They fell silent , and the doors in the other room slid open .
tr	I	She didn 't know when , but the portal would eventually close on its own .
tr	I	Connor nearly stumbled backwards onto the ground and Andre accelerated his attack .
tr	O	我原以为他会把罐子递给我，但是他反而把手指伸进了里面。
tr	I	To restrain but it wasn 't until the first brutal surge had passed that she realized their transient embraces weren 't meant to cherish .
tr	O	有基本的水电费要付，但是住在乡下比城里便宜。
tr	O	每天都有人遇到画架的麻烦，而且邓肯总是负责调整它们的人。
tr	I	He found her three feet in front of the car , and the impact from the crash had sent Annie through the front window .
tr	I	The huntsman was unable to find a trail , but Pierre had been hoping for a deer .
tr	I	It 's ridiculously adorable but his smile is all nerves .
tr	O	你的血液因此而变得衰弱，但是它仍然流淌在你的体内。
tr	O	我观看新闻，并且我听取那些故事。
tr	I	The investigation began and they hadn 't had time to really talk once the police arrived .
tr	O	他一直很热情，但是现在他感觉自己像被肉体包裹的火焰。
tr	O	他的手在我衬衫下移动，但是它们感觉像陌生人的。
tr	O	他阳刚的气味让我的膝盖发软，并且我的喉咙发干，当他俯身在我身上时，他的眼睛搜索着我的眼睛。
tr	O	她人立而起，用爪子抓挠空气，并且当那没有把我甩下来时，她决定把我带走。
tr	I	Jake answered that he was about the same and # Margie heard Mr. Lambert ask Jake how his father was .
tr	O	他说这个护身符没有魔力，但是我认为它一定有，因为它太美了。
tr	O	他说话时好像已经很久了，并且我点头表示同意。
tr	I	The severity of his features didn 't change , but that made her smile .
tr	O	戈尔登差点把她的手臂从母亲的掌控中挣脱出来，但是她没有。
tr	I	He is already following Murphy down the hall , but she smiles up at Kai .
tr	I	He seemed to shrink under the intensity of it , and Ava glared at Dylan as well .
tr	I	He knew they would soon fly through the eye , and the riders turned up .
tr	I	It was gone , but she opened the drawer where she 'd found the stationery the day before .
tr	I	It stung , but I understood .
tr	I	He kept his voice light , but Jace 's heart beat faster .
tr	I	The moon was full and it was a warm night .
tr	I	She was looking down at something , and Ellie had her back to Alex .
tr	I	He held Corinne to him , locking her mind to his and Dayan immediately allowed Julian to close the wound in his chest .
tr	O	没有太阳，只有浓雾，并且空气中有一股明显的寒意。
tr	I	I could hardly answer them , but my parents tried to talk to me during our twenty - minute ride .
tr	I	It took everything she had to keep herself standing upright and the trouble she was in suddenly hit her full force .
tr	O	我只见过这个世界上的东西，并且我确信这不是其中之一。
tr	I	Motions for us to come inside and she pounds fists with him , then my uncle steps aside .
tr	I	Even then , Jurek was bigger than all the other boys , but we were just children .
tr	I	It was no longer my job to get it back for him and he lost it somewhere far away .
tr	I	They 'd made love for the second time in one day , which rarely happened , and it 'd been a sweet , romantic gesture .
tr	O	她会看到他的一切，感受到他对她的渴望，并且这会增强她自己的渴望。
tr	I	The long daylight hours were left to my own devices , but when evening came , they were quick to gather us all together .
tr	I	I looked back toward the field , and he nudged my shoulder teasingly .
tr	I	His jeans hung low on his narrow waist , and his shirt fit his athletic frame as if it was made for him .
tr	O	她以为她听到花发出了一声闷响，但是她无法透过玻璃听清那些话。
tr	I	His cheeks flared red from the cold , and he wasn 't wearing his coat .
tr	O	我不想失去它们，但是我不知道如何留住它们。
tr	O	我以前从未如此直言不讳，但是德雷克先生激发出我不同的一面。
tr	O	我在我的图书馆里发现他正专心研读一张地图，并且我进去时他明显吓了一跳。
tr	I	I really want to look at him , but I don 't want to be rude .
tr	O	他们中有两人撞在了一起，但是即使那样也没有阻止他们的胡闹。
tr	I	Santa 's Workshop did not negotiate with terrorists , but Claus still missed the elf .
tr	O	我希望奥利弗的境遇能有所不同，并且我希望他能找到某人让他不再想着肯齐。
tr	O	凯茜感觉自己仿佛在看一部怪诞的电影，只见那个女人的头在断裂的脖子上晃荡着，但是她没有死。
tr	O	她垂下目光，拂去泪水，但是她走向那面墙，墙上摆满了所有我曾闻到过的香料。
tr	O	听起来声音不大，但是它在建筑物内部一定发出了很大的噪音，才能让我们隔着紧闭的窗户听到。
tr	O	泪水盈满了他的眼睛，并且他试图把眼泪眨走。
tr	O	悲惨是一个更准确的描述，但是她不想听起来太夸张。
tr	I	If you 're reading this , then you know I 'm not , but any other time I 'd sound crazy as shit .
tr	O	他相当确定自己能制服那个吸血鬼，但是他无法阻止他在自己抓住他之前消失。
tr	I	She quickly righted it , but he reached for it .
tr	I	She read it through once more and she picked up the note that lay beside the flowers .
tr	I	I still hoped that someone was nearby to hear it , yet it was embarrassing in a way .
tr	O	这是一次打击，但是我努力关注积极的一面。
tr	O	盟军入侵在外交上是一次非常微妙的行动，因为他们正在入侵法国殖民地，而且法国在技术上并未与任何国家交战。
tr	O	门没有上锁，并且他被送了进去。
tr	I	An interdimensional jaunt wasn 't one of them , but I had imagined doing a lot of things with Cooper Flanders .
tr	O	我无数次在脑海中重现那次事故，但是这比那糟上千倍。
tr	I	I wasn 't wrong and I figured the lecture was coming .
tr	I	Her entire demeanor changed and his meaning slowly penetrated .
tr	O	我不知道其他的卫队成员是什么样的，但是我不会那么容易被吓到。
tr	I	To her horror she watched as his fangs emerged , and he slid a hand around the back of her neck .
tr	I	Demon didn 't need her , but she held the reins with both hands , ready to make him turn .
tr	O	迈克尔的两个朋友仍然喘着粗气，并且他快速地瞥了一眼，发现他们的手被烧得皮开肉绽。
tr	I	He must have changed his mind , but James had said that he didn 't think we could get our memories back .
tr	I	I rise and he approaches me .
tr	I	Without seeing it for myself , I wouldn 't know which was the right one , but two roads were close to the location .
tr	O	我对他笑了笑，并且我手中仍紧握的圣杯贴着我的皮肤跳动了一下。
tr	O	这艘船说真的不属于任何人，并且属于所有人。
tr	O	迅速移动着，我的腿撞到了床上，并且我的手在她向后摔倒时抓住了她的手。
tr	O	他没有承认失败，并且他还没有死。
tr	O	他的嘴因担忧而抿紧，并且有那么一瞬间，恐慌在他的目光中闪现而不是仇恨。
tr	I	Her sharp chin broadened out and her narrow cheeks had widened .
tr	O	他优雅的琥珀色手指轻抚着她腰部的裸露皮肤，并且她强忍住了一声呻吟。
tr	I	He yelled , and I smiled as the flames swallowed him up .
tr	I	It 's best if she knows nothing at this point , and a divorce looks likely .
tr	I	They began to blur , and the numbers piled up .
tr	I	His comment about her clothes still stung , but of course he was right .
tr	O	突然涌上心头的怀旧感迅速消散了，并且一种压倒性的恐惧取而代之。
tr	O	她非常紧张，但是这很快就被抛到脑后了，因为看着塞尔吉奥走出去太引人入胜了。
tr	I	That twists the knife in my stomach , and his voice is as empty as his expression .
tr	I	It could indeed be pure invention , and the world takes pleasure in a cuckold .
tr	I	They still didn 't bring peace to my turmoil , but his words were reassuring .
tr	O	刀刃刺穿我的衬衫，并且我感觉到冰冷的刀锋抵在我的皮肤上。
tr	O	我是最终的权威，并且每一步行动都是我的责任。
tr	I	She was grinning , but Aimee looked up , raising her eyebrows .
tr	I	It was hard to pull that off , but she tried to cover her nose casually .
tr	I	The question was all the more reason for a successful raid on the Creeks of the Yellow Leaf , but the answer might never be known .
tr	O	他下巴上有一块肌肉在抽动，并且他的强烈气场像热量一样散发出来。
tr	I	He nods and I ask .
tr	I	He 'd never pushed to go in , knowing it would be a dangerous place to be and she 'd never invited him in .
tr	I	I hated the stadium , and I never liked Cleveland , the city , the fans , the team .
tr	O	他曾要求她告诉他同样的事情，并且他很感激她关心到足以提问。
tr	O	花了一些时间，但是骑兵逐渐开始追上来了。
tr	I	Dread fills me and my legs weaken .
tr	O	恐惧刺穿了王子的身体，并且他又向前迈了一步。
tr	O	我们长时间一言不发，并且当她从我身边离开时，我看着她的脸，她的眼睛。
tr	O	他说他会和她一起去，但是莉莉向他保证他应该留下。
tr	O	我张口欲言，但是她用平静的语气继续说。
tr	O	我们刚享受了最后几天的平静时光，并且现在我们就要为生存而战了。
tr	I	He wasn 't there , but I dreaded seeing Zander at school on Tuesday .
tr	O	全副武装，并且快速跑下狭窄的小路。
tr	O	我惊慌失措地命令它们打开，但是我的身体却不听使唤了。
tr	O	这可能是他生命的尽头，但是他会确保它活得精彩。
tr	O	他向后摇晃了一下，并且摇晃停止了。
tr	I	I feel a lurch as we swap places , and r wonders aloud , interrupting the scene again .
tr	I	The conversation remained between them like a ghost , but they walked in silence for a long time .
tr	O	她的肌肉仍然因速降而酸痛，并且她最想要的是一杯脱脂拿铁。
tr	I	Themselves torn apart at the seams and if the stand was one that had awakened , any mistake could get the foil .
tr	O	桌边的每个人都在看着我，并且我意识到一定有人问了问题。
tr	O	我会很难抛竿，而且由于我缺乏飞蝇钓鱼的经验，我婉拒了。
tr	I	She actually had several people convinced of it , and one woman had suggested that flying saucers were to blame .
tr	O	他的双手在身侧不安地扭动着，并且他的眼睛一眨不眨地盯着梅赛德斯。
tr	I	Sweat beaded on his forehead from the struggle , but he won .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed , and his gaze swept over me , quietly assessing .
tr	O	他们到的时候迈克尔在家，而且令人惊讶的是，他没有在弹吉他。
tr	I	Francisco was sure that they were not in any other circumstance , but perhaps these were qualities that were useful to a military commander .
tr	O	跟着，并且我会帮你找到你的士兵。
tr	O	可以工作的时间不多，但是最近，他只能有什么就做什么。
tr	O	绿光消散了，并且一切开始慢慢加速。
tr	I	Her careful excavation had revealed their shape , but Time had colored the bones the same bleached sepia as the unforgiving ground .
tr	I	She couldn 't hold the gesture in place and she grinned .
tr	I	Hank skidded to a stop , and he held it high for all to see .
tr	O	他猛地闭上嘴，并且安德里亚不必是读心者也能知道他对此作何感想。
tr	I	My temper is already boiling , but he 's telling the truth .
tr	I	Her new tattoo wouldn 't allow for it , but she wished she could swim too .
tr	I	I nodded my head and she replied to the question not spoken .
tr	I	They both laid on their backs , attempting to slow down their breathing after such an intense moment and Alexander collapsed next to her .
tr	I	I realized his hair was thinning once more and he swatted at the air again .
tr	I	She halted for a second , and the toe of her other sneaker caught in the rain gutter .
tr	O	侍女们这时带着茶匆匆走了进来，并且艾米琳很高兴抓住这个机会让自己平静下来。
tr	O	它在玛丽赶到之前就走了，但是它让保拉浑身颤抖，一团糟。
tr	O	戴克斯看起来不相信，但是他也没有抗议。
tr	I	Then she realized she wasn 't alone , but she felt mild surprise that she seemed to know what to do .
tr	I	He was punishing them , and all women were heartless .
tr	I	I stumbled back and my mouth dropped open .
tr	O	冰在她身后咔嚓作响，并且她猛地转身，刀已出鞘。
tr	O	他的第二眼看了更久，但是他没有再说什么，转身走到吧台后面的一组狭窄的台阶下去。
tr	O	他那雕花精美的白木椅子算不上是王座，但是也够用了。
tr	O	它比特级品颜色更深，但是我认为它味道更浓郁。
tr	O	他们有热成像瞄准镜，这种瞄准镜在夜间效果最好，但是白天他们不需要瞄准镜也能看清。
tr	O	所有这一切都是徒劳的，并且她站在我身边，就像从一开始就注定要那样。
tr	O	她跳了起来，掸掉身上的玻璃渣，并且她疯狂地盯着水面。
tr	O	我认为我们从前面离开大楼有更好的机会，但是没有电梯工作，那是不可能完成的壮举。
tr	O	我们所在的区域非常偏远，并且周围可能有野生动物。
tr	O	维奥莱特坐在桌旁，并且马丁把报纸收了起来。
tr	I	We must be ready for that , and the child will be born .
tr	O	所有人都还活着，但是那不会持续太久。
tr	O	样本被放置在专门用于容纳小瓶的容器中，但是正在采取额外措施以避免事故。
tr	I	I found that I could fly in absolute silence , and my feathers , of course , were very soft .
tr	O	我想让她把它给我，并且我需要知道她是否确定。
tr	O	现在我真的很生气，她明知道自己没有钥匙，然而她却没有回来这里。
tr	I	I turn to watch her , and Lucy 's laugh echoes .
tr	O	也许他们其他人可以蒙混过关假装返校，但是我第一天就会被赶出去。
tr	I	Jessica turned to enjoy her mother 's look of surprise , and the sounds of approach stopped short at the kitchen door .
tr	I	That was that and ' Ran out into the city by herself one night .
tr	I	I still learned to hate the hospital , but granted , I was just turning four when my mother died .
tr	I	I took a deep breath , and I concentrated on the crackling of the wood , the intense heat .
tr	O	警长部门提供了一个完整的车牌号，并且那辆车回来显示注册在普雷斯科特的加里·帕特森名下。
tr	I	Now I 'm not sure , but at one point I would 've given anything to hear those words .
tr	I	There was the blood but it did not appear hurt .
tr	O	福西的声音保持平静，但是却带着一丝锋芒。
tr	O	秋季不明白她对安德鲁做了什么，但是她不想让他们因为她而争吵。
tr	I	Dormer collapsed to the ground and the energy faded .
tr	O	一阵脆弱感涌上朱利安心头，并且他抽身离开。
tr	I	He would never know and I could still leave .
tr	O	雪莉丹希望她能信任他，但是她却确信他在撒谎。
tr	O	我来探望了一个多星期，每天都来，而且他一直都在睡觉。
tr	O	天知道他们为什么突然想杀我，但是我不能允许这种烦扰存在。
tr	I	He could think of nothing else to say , but it was stupid .
tr	I	A very small woman shuffled out , and the front door opened .
tr	I	I felt a smile grow , and my gaze drifted to the opposite side of the courtyard .
tr	I	They weren 't a mismatch ... but maybe they needed to work together more , perfect their technique , train harder .
tr	I	Obviously his reign would end eventually , otherwise he wouldn 't need an heir , but he was said to be eternal .
tr	I	It wasn 't there and now he needed it more than ever .
tr	I	I was dead in front of her for a second , and like it stopped beating for a moment .
tr	I	The children basically hers to raise , and the household is hers to run .
tr	I	It will crave it now and it 's tasted your soul .
tr	O	他发现它已经开着了，并且有人冒充他登录了。
tr	I	I 'm not going to pretend I do and I don 't want to be here with you .
tr	O	甲板从头顶消失了，并且戈雅号下方的栈道飞驰而过。
tr	I	I found myself pulling away , but I wanted that kiss desperately .
tr	O	我不是个暴力的人，但是那真是一把他妈的大枪。
tr	O	他们等了一会儿，但是什么也没听到。
tr	O	他高瘦的身体在垫子上像年轻人一样弹跳，并且他的声音以惊人的强度大声发出指令。
tr	O	我的脚向她滑了半步，但是我没有让它再靠近一步。
tr	I	He pushed me behind him slightly , and his smile didn 't reach his eyes .
tr	O	瑞安对他的妹妹皱眉，但是这对她来说没什么影响。
tr	I	I have always been optimistic , but I am no Pollyanna .
tr	O	看来我支持布克，但是我及时赶到了你身边。
tr	O	我们的家被入侵了，而且这种侵犯是深刻的。
tr	O	当哈德利进入青春期时，情况发生了变化，但是我对我的表亲仍有一些美好的回忆。
tr	O	他们可能是保护者，但是罗娜是家人。
tr	I	When he pumped , he could tell the air was going in and the connection fitted .
tr	O	他跑过谷仓到二号传送门，并且铅笔缺失的部分就在那里，躺在最上面的箱子上。
tr	I	Now the wedding has been moved up to next week , but we are engaged to be married , as you already knew .
tr	I	They were all thoroughly soaked , and it was midafternoon by now .
tr	O	你不知道这有多难...，而且我可能做得不好。
tr	I	He was always wearing it when he took one of these impromptu trips and it was his ' lucky ' watch from his days in the Corps .
tr	I	Water darkly pools the carpet , and the bottoms of his trousers are wet .
tr	O	加里克·卡迈克尔问了，并且珍妮惊讶地盯着他，喉咙里充满了情感。
tr	I	She had finally managed to get most of the blood out and viii It had been four nights since she had taken the uniform .
tr	O	拉普显得很吃惊，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	In a few seconds his brain began to completely shut down , but the barbarian continued to struggle .
tr	I	I scrambled to catch it , feeling a shock of relief , and he tossed the phone back at me .
tr	I	I wasn 't disappointed , and I talked with him for a bit .
tr	I	He beamed up at me and I patted his knee gently .
tr	I	Rachel was expecting their first child and they had been married for two years now .
tr	I	I looked up at her like a deer caught in headlights and Lucky 's voice carried through the room .
tr	O	我没有动，并且我没有说话。
tr	O	丹尼尔伸出了手，并且罗西紧紧地握住了它，足以模仿任何男人的坚定握手。
tr	I	I didn 't like it and this had been too easy .
tr	O	戏服太小了，并且他们必须让所有其他孩子在舞台上保持秩序。
tr	I	I saw him lift his chin with pride , but Thomas 's expression never changed .
tr	O	我对此泰然自若，当他给了我一枚锆石戒指，它切割得非常璀璨，并且它看起来像传家宝一样。
tr	O	他没有解释，但是他并不惊讶她记得他的偏好。
tr	O	低沉的咆哮声从狼喉咙里发出，并且莎拉的头发都竖起来了。
tr	O	特蕾莎在里面，并且她需要他们的帮助。
tr	I	She was tired and she had just returned from a visit to Jonas .
tr	O	瞬间的情绪感染了她，并且她未能抵制所有人的认可。
tr	I	I held on to him but he backed away from me .
tr	I	You will lead , and the other mourners will wait .
tr	O	节庆活动进展得很顺利，并且商贩们排着队，渴望与村里的店主一起售卖他们的商品。
tr	I	You always have some little lecture to pull out of your long list of them , and you 've gone awfully quiet , Jesse .
tr	I	I was wrong , but we laughed as I pointed to what I thought was the Little Dipper .
tr	I	He sat , out of arm 's reach , and she nodded .
tr	O	基金的钱会在她明年三十岁时归她所有，但是她不想要其中任何一部分。
tr	O	战争重要的是要赢得它，并且我们会赢得这场战争。
tr	O	他把手指掐进我的皮肤，弄得我淤青，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	She did , and he trusted that she would lead them away from him .
tr	I	I kept on going , but his mouth opened .
tr	I	We all sat in a circle on my old lawn furniture , and I carried the drinks outside on a tray .
tr	I	It wobbled , but she forced a smile .
tr	O	那是2007年5月中旬一个温暖的周五下午，而且我渴望和伊琳娜发生些什么。
tr	O	他以前从未上过法庭，并且他这次陪着他的母亲。
tr	I	It was actually worse , but I could still call it thirst , technically .
tr	O	布伦特从没能睡懒觉，因为他的邻居很吵，而且墙壁很薄。
tr	I	Some of the patrons gasped , and my stomach turned over .
tr	O	我不配她，而且她值得比我这种搞砸一切的人好得多。
tr	I	In the end , she only sat with the air conditioner running , but she started her car with every intention of leaving .
tr	O	劳施举手抗议，但是为时已晚。
tr	O	我移到她身下，并且她骑得很猛。
tr	I	Rachel hadn 't expected her to , but Martha didn 't respond .
tr	O	他想这不是她的错，但是他以前从未感到如此孤独。
tr	I	I was fascinated by their behavior and we were in their world now .
tr	O	我们上次来访时见过天鹅绒套房，并且大部分地方看起来都一样。
tr	I	It 's a long drive back home , and they lock the house after eight .
tr	O	他从来都不是一个健谈的人，但是这不是他没有立即回答的原因。
tr	I	Little Markie was her puppet , and Lilla was the puppet master .
tr	I	Through the ceiling , the blazing blue sky could be seen , and Redstone was carved roughly into an anteroom around the three doors .
tr	I	That didn 't matter , but he was bigger , stronger , crazier .
tr	I	I knew that bending over must hurt him , and I took it , though I could have gotten out by myself .
tr	O	我知道我可能会后悔，但是我想要一个苹果。
tr	O	我们俩都因为跳舞而流汗了，并且我能从她眼中看到一种生物课从未、也永远无法激发的决心。
tr	O	不过我想在那之前我潜意识里就学会了，并且它让我远离了他。
tr	I	In that instant she felt like they were two different beings , but Mary had always felt one with her wolf .
tr	I	He couldn 't bring himself to say the words , but Gene had his familiar thoughts about what was equitable .
tr	I	His hips thrust against her , and her mouth moved lightly against him , drinking his essence .
tr	O	太阳渐渐下沉，并且微风开始带来凉爽的空气。
tr	O	女人们尖叫，并且孩子们跑到她们的母亲身边，藏在她们的裙子后面，抽泣着。
tr	O	那是一个短暂的吻，但是我仍然希望能有另一个比这长得多的吻。
tr	O	她的皮肤像月亮一样苍白，并且她呼吸起来像个奥德。
tr	I	The subtle smell of fairy filled my nose , and Niall bent to kiss me on the mouth .
tr	O	他什么也没找到，回到女孩身边，但是她正专注于别的事情。
tr	I	It warmed her and Natalie sipped hers .
tr	O	他们欣赏那男孩的勇敢，并且汉默似乎没有受到影响，甚至和人群一起笑着。
tr	O	是的，他对更好的事物的想法远远超出了她自己的，但是他们仍然都在努力让梦想成为现实。
tr	I	She 'd made him unhappy , but she hadn 't meant to .
tr	O	女孩什么也没说，但是这肯定是真的。
tr	O	你的身体是一个美丽的游乐场，并且我想了解它的每一寸。
tr	O	我好像在哪见过她，但是就是想不起来在哪里。
tr	I	No , I didn 't want them , but it seemed stupid not to take them .
tr	O	罗杰的身体在爆炸中被抛向空中，而且我不知道它在哪里。
tr	I	This was why I had not grown properly and my mother told me I had not eaten properly for nearly a year after the accident .
tr	I	The copper door handle had long since lost its luster and its heavy wooden door was scarred from years of use .
tr	O	嗯，也许如果他退出了，那会更好，但是我现在愿意原谅那件事。
tr	I	Once she finally did , Todd was waking her up , and it took forever to fall asleep .
tr	I	I admire it , but it 's a total parent move .
tr	I	She was somewhere else and shock had set in .
tr	I	As it fell a third blow struck the creature 's head from its neck , and a second strike removed the Cane 's leg at the knee .
tr	O	灯光在她眼前闪烁，而且就在她感觉肺部快要爆炸的时候，她的灵魂被提离了身体。
tr	O	她路过时对我咧嘴一笑，而且我无声地说了声恭喜。
tr	O	电视在喧闹着，但是客厅却是空的。
tr	I	Mia leads her out of the room , and she starts in on a series of hyperventilating hiccups .
tr	O	我嘴巴张开，有一百万个问题，但是在我问出其中任何一个之前，伊森就出现在我身边。
tr	I	I just can 't do it anymore and my career is in general repair work .
tr	I	Joseph would have laughed had they been here to hear their latest nicknames and Nathanial would have been pissed .
tr	I	Quinn nods and I ask .
tr	O	灯光重新亮起，而且我们被某种奇怪的网状物缠住了。
tr	O	它已经过时了，但是它感觉很温馨。
tr	I	He could see that the twinkle was gone from them , and her eyes met his as she left .
tr	O	动弹仍然不可能，但是疼痛减轻了很多。
tr	I	He pulled me closer , wrapping one leg around mine , and we were both leaning against the headboard of the bed , facing each other .
tr	I	I can 't help it , but I won 't mean to .
tr	I	Dean looked around for his brothers and they walked toward the house .
tr	I	Now maybe they were putting the best face on it , and it felt like people had been shouting before my arrival .
tr	I	He hesitates and his dark lashes lower .
tr	O	他想追问答案，但是他保持了沉默。
tr	O	她的声音嘶哑了，并且她跳了起来。
tr	I	Now the true tragedy would begin , but the battle for the city might be over .
tr	O	像这样和她一起来本会很简单，但是这不是他希望的样子。
tr	I	I just said it but I didn 't know what pushed me to say this .
tr	O	她不是音响技术员，但是她积累了一些经验。
tr	O	他皱起眉头，并且她觉得他这样一个帅气的男人，看起来却有些严厉。
tr	O	他笑了，并且我笑了。
tr	I	I wouldn 't let him , but he tried to pull back .
tr	O	我开始怀疑这名警官是不是头脑简单，或者我们的意大利语能力有问题。
tr	I	Slowly , the town had started to see some movement and it was almost eight thirty .
tr	O	当然，他之前说过事情不会改变，但是她很难不心生爱慕。
tr	O	空气变得安静了，并且他们都停下来倾听。
tr	O	只看了一眼他憔悴的脸，并且他们就知道他知道了。
tr	I	Midnight was delayed and like the magic clock had been broken .
tr	O	德国人是个勇敢的人，并且我可以从童年记忆中告诉你，罗布不是世界上最好的理发师。
tr	O	然后门砰地关上了，并且我差点摔倒。
tr	I	He was nearly there , and left into Farringdon Road .
tr	O	她欣然顺从了，并且他的手张开覆在她的臀部，支撑着她的体重。
tr	O	布拉德刚刚好，并且那就是问题所在。
tr	O	数百把剑高举着，并且准备战斗。
tr	I	He wanted to know everything , and there was so much more .
tr	I	There is a long pause and the shadow disappears .
tr	I	Then of course there was now my new predicament , and it was all so very wearisome .
tr	O	他把烟递给她，但是她挥手拒绝了。
tr	O	当他们卸下重负时，食物被端了上来，并且晚饭也提前开始了，因为他们的故事被听到了。
tr	I	She ruled my heart , but I ruled the Kingdom .
tr	O	她确实在那里，并且她正在公开地哭泣。
tr	I	I couldn 't , but the urge to tell him everything overwhelmed me , making it hard to breathe .
tr	O	雪莉张大了嘴巴，并且她给了凯特一个极度惊讶的眼神。
tr	I	Had just finished reading a hundred year old book called The Wizard , and she had been nineteen at the time .
tr	O	我们跳了一整晚的舞，并且即使有不同的男人上前搭讪，我们都拒绝了他们。
tr	O	我打了几下漂亮的拳，并且我很享受他挨我拳头时头部弹跳的样子。
tr	O	首先她是个老处女，并且现在她几乎算不上一个女人了！
tr	O	如果你不给我想要的，那么你就可以放我们走，并且我就会离开。
tr	O	我郑重地点了点头，但是我真的很想改变话题。
tr	O	我倾向于相信他们，即使不应该相信的证据堆积如山，并且我最终陷入更糟的境地。
tr	O	我对此有自己的理论，但是我甚至觉得想一想都很愚蠢，更不用说问了。
tr	I	The new lounge opens up this week , and I 've used endless connections , advertised .
tr	I	She had seen him only once since Derek 's death and her brother , who might have , lived in Sacramento .
tr	I	Now everyone would be whispering about it and someone had probably spotted Jackson outside .
tr	I	None of them had expected security to be this tight , but Sky felt like Jon had done a pretty good job .
tr	O	托比对此倒也觉得没关系，并且他有足够多的其他事情让他忙碌。
tr	O	这次她摸到了头发……，但是它的位置完全不对。
tr	O	她试图用手抚平头发，但是那只会让它翘得更高。
tr	O	到目前为止，他们已经熬过了这些战斗，并且他们也能熬过这一场。
tr	O	凯尔选择了特价菜，并且亚历克斯决定尝尝羊角面包鸡肉沙拉。
tr	O	杰姆用刀刃朝他砍去，但是那似乎只减缓了那人的速度。
tr	O	迪米特里没有费心回答她的问题，但是他的眼睛神秘地向下看着她。
tr	O	我充满期待地等待着，因为多利安几乎在我们每次谈话中都使用那个反问句，并且他的答案总是不同。
tr	O	罗斯想带我尽可能地靠近家，但是我还 没有准备好去那里。
tr	O	我们婚姻幸福，事业成功，为人正直，并且我们兄弟姐妹之间关系亲密。
tr	I	He lifted his eyes to meet the director 's , but Dean stayed hunched over on the fireplace .
tr	O	她的下巴微微抬起，并且她大胆地瞪着他。
tr	O	你是我的……并且我是你的。
tr	O	我当时感觉到了，但是我并不是真的那个意思。
tr	I	I started to wonder just how much I had shut down lately and that surprised quite a few of them .
tr	O	一些船员让我安静，但是我无法控制自己。
tr	I	I knew he was going to catch me and my boots weren 't letting me get that far .
tr	I	Megumi got mad and I mentioned Akane 's paranoia .
tr	I	My stuffy castle was making me sweat profusely , and it was already turning into a hot day .
tr	O	她的声音不大，但是它响彻了整个房间。
tr	I	Maybe I could watch them , or I hope nothing bad happens to them .
tr	I	She could hate it , but no , she couldn 't help it .
tr	I	They still had at least an hour 's daylight left , and they hadn 't made it as far as he would like .
tr	I	I glanced over at my mom and a horn honking startled me from my thoughts .
tr	O	我一离开这里就会取消你的信用卡，并且我会清空你的学生银行账户。
tr	O	褐色的肉是纯洁的……甚至甜美，但是它带有一种难以否认的性暗示。
tr	O	我爱他的家人，并且他们也明显爱我。
tr	I	He was right and I watched over the side of the boat .
tr	I	Something ripped inside him , sending a torrent of blood from his nose , and his body shuddered .
tr	O	我看到建筑物在颤抖，并且接着你停了下来。
tr	I	No one came to the door and there was no noise from inside .
tr	O	她坐在他旁边，并且他立刻语塞了。
tr	O	最终她的哭声慢了下来，并且她舒服地靠在他怀里，头部贴着他的胸膛。
tr	I	It lasted a long time before he spoke , and Horner thought a moment .
tr	O	我拨了她的手机，但是响了两声后就转到语音信箱了。
tr	I	He had gone but she shouted after him .
tr	O	他也会抗议的，但是这可能会再次伤害她的感情。
tr	O	他可能还没达到室温，但是这只是时间问题。
tr	I	Without even a bit of disorder , I had to admit that was freaking cool too and okay , that was executed so smoothly .
tr	O	我感到麻木，内心完全封闭，并且这是我生命中第一次无话可说。
tr	I	We use Velcro , but I can 't tie shoes yet .
tr	I	These visits had already left marks on Eva 's face , but it had only been two months since Lexi 's incarceration .
tr	O	他的挑战性言语激起了兴趣，但是戒备心很快又回来了。
tr	O	怒火涌动，并且焦虑蔓延。
tr	I	He still came to find me , but I had broken that heart once .
tr	O	陶器碎裂的声音打断了他，并且勒克斯把拳头从他打碎的盘子里抽了出来。
tr	O	她是如此，但是她不必说出那些话。
tr	I	It was too late , but Ezio called after her .
tr	O	我以你妹妹的名义开了一个账户，并且我存入了与她嫁妆等额的资金供她个人使用。
tr	I	Now Fae hate Shifters , and Fae created Shifters , Shifters freed themselves from Fae .
tr	I	She smiled at her sister in sympathy , and Angelica 's ire faded quickly , as it often did .
tr	I	She didn 't care , and Sasha didn 't have a clue where they were going .
tr	O	我想减轻他所承担的负担，而且这是做到这一点的方法之一。
tr	I	Tom had drunk too much to worry about subtleties , but Susan seemed cowed because her oldest son had picked up on her words so quickly .
tr	O	我瞥见了几个书名，但是它们是用一种很少使用的古老语言写成的。
tr	O	他的嘴唇找到了她的，并且讨论的时间肯定结束了。
tr	O	他毫不犹豫地说了，但是她注意到他的嘴唇变薄了，变得紧绷。
tr	I	I began to get ready for my date and once I had , I snapped back into reality .
tr	I	I was disappointed , but it was unfair .
tr	I	He caught himself on the ground but his head whipped to the left .
tr	I	She felt the sticky wetness of blood , and her trembling hand touched Gwen 's head .
tr	I	They knew what it was and they again had a purpose !
tr	I	The other side was hemmed in by a stone wall , and the rocky slope on one side created a natural border .
tr	O	돔抬起了那个人的另一只手臂，并且我们把他抬上了楼梯。
tr	I	Flung it over my shoulders and goose bumps rolled down my arms as I grabbed the back pack .
tr	I	Here at work , I used the keyboard , but at home , I liked the verbal commands .
tr	O	杰姆的枪举在她身前，但是她没有扣动扳机。
tr	I	She felt inspired and something inside her clicked into place .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I could trust him with much more of a response , but this was not the answer he was looking for .
tr	I	Voss supposed he couldn 't wholly blame him , and Dimitri still hadn 't forgiven him for that night in Vienna .
tr	I	An odd light radiated from his pupils , but he returned the look .
tr	O	莎拉不知道他仍然有那些东西，并且他也不打算告诉她它们正在恶化而不是好转。
tr	I	I don 't , yet I want to say good-bye .
tr	I	You would do best not to be late again , but I 'll give you two a pass this time .
tr	I	This time they were on my wrist , but she started drawing those circles again .
tr	I	He didn 't want her hurt , but he might be upset with Victoria .
tr	I	His gut instinct told him the sound was from an animal , but he heard a loud squeal that could have come from Sam .
tr	O	米娅试图对他微笑，但是她不想动。
tr	O	她的眼睛变得模糊，并且眼泪开始落下。
tr	I	I roughly shoved it back into place , and the wind blew my hair back across my face .
tr	O	他们试图逃跑，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	Nick cursed behind Ty , and he shut his phone .
tr	I	I was afraid that I had just ruined everything and I could feel Joshua 's anger .
tr	O	我当时猛烈地回望着他，但是我看到了他脸上的绝望。
tr	I	So far , he 'd adhered to it perfectly , and this was our agreement .
tr	O	嗯，线路有干扰，但是那可能是任何原因。
tr	I	Their weight was extremely heavy , but they were small bars .
tr	I	No one was paying attention to the food , but it must have been mealtime .
tr	O	奥利维亚又抛出了几个关于哨兵的问题，但是罗宾了解不多，无法提供更多见解。
tr	I	Now two years had passed and days had turned into weeks , weeks into months .
tr	I	Robert was always cruel too , but I didn 't see it as a child because I couldn 't see anything past my father .
tr	I	Joey went to her and she started to cry .
tr	O	没有街道标志，但是有电线，这意味着这里并非非常偏远。
tr	O	她的胃翻腾起来，但是她在改变主意之前抓住了门把手。
tr	O	阴沉笼罩着沼泽，但是一个更浓的影子从其他部分剥离出来，随着时间的流逝变得更加凝实。
tr	O	随着咔嗒一声，锁向下摆动，并且蚂蚁获准进入储物柜。
tr	O	确实，他承认，那只是一把木剑，但是那总比什么都没有好。
tr	I	All hell broke loose and the thermite triggered .
tr	I	About all that anyone might have caught was a bad chill , and the full length of the pond was dragged .
tr	O	她想要他进入她，并且她现在就想要。
tr	O	婴儿冻得发青，但是她停止了呜咽，足以将她浅绿色的眼睛固定在他身上。
tr	I	The usual chaos came into view and we turned onto Tony 's street .
tr	I	Burnett returned in a blur of motion , and Kylie called out .
tr	I	Scarlett decided a visit to the ladies ' room might be prudent , and they still had a long trip ahead of them .
tr	I	He never would be and Darren wasn 't her boyfriend .
tr	O	他的眼睛闪闪发光，并且他向前倾身。
tr	O	地板在他的脚下似乎在震动，并且他知道这次没有余震。
tr	O	我并没有真正感到惊讶，但是我也没有准备好放弃。
tr	I	Neither of us said it , and there wasn 't much to say .
tr	O	也许杀死胡安妮塔并没有平息他的怒火，但是普雷斯顿的情况会不同。
tr	I	You 're going to give it up for me , and I 'm going to take your blood , Cha .
tr	O	它可能曾经是橙色的，但是现在，我肯定会称之为棕色。
tr	I	I nodded , and she asked .
tr	O	猫头鹰的眼睛在转动，并且它们抬头看着她。
tr	I	He did not wipe it away , and I watched a bead of blood drip from his nose .
tr	I	It was an excited noisy , but the children were somewhat noisy .
tr	I	We were just having fun on the side and I knew he was in love with you .
tr	I	Beverly did , but she didn 't want the baby .
tr	I	The glacial caverns themselves would provide safety while they regrouped , but the structure beneath the moon was long gone .
tr	I	Andrew screamed in horror , and he bared his fangs .
tr	I	He had them cinched with a belt that Jake had given him from Alex 's suitcase , but they were still a bit big on him .
tr	I	They don 't bite , and you can train them .
tr	O	我的心跳加快了几拍，并且卢坎伸手握住了我的手。
tr	O	他的沉默让她心烦意乱，但是她拒绝看他。
tr	O	我以为如果我跟他们在一起，事情会变得更好，但是我我觉得这让事情变得更糟了。
tr	I	The busybody 'll be back , and my shift 's up in a couple minutes .
tr	O	我一个人在这里，而且我吓坏了！
tr	O	他立刻认出了它，但是他拒绝相信他所看到的一切。
tr	I	I 'm still here , wasting away , but there 's hardly anything left to me .
tr	I	Her eyes held the same knowing look they had the night before , but she offered a warm smile .
tr	I	I damn well had been up until then ; and I should have been perfect , truly perfect .
tr	O	她记得是在那叠东西里发现它的，并且那种奇怪的电气现象以前也发生过。
tr	O	对吸血鬼提出要求很可能是一个致命的提议，但是我没什么可失去的。
tr	I	He pulled it from the shelf , and the ' Primer ' volume seemed as good a book as any .
tr	O	就像谈论两人之间发生的不可思议的化学反应，或者“这超乎我们两人”的观念。
tr	I	Yet for some reason she could still feel the indent of his fingers against her lips , and it hadn 't hurt her .
tr	I	I forced myself to power walk , but I really wanted to run to the trolley stop .
tr	O	他完全不适应并且也绝不愿承认的情绪充斥胸膛，几乎要炸开。
tr	I	He wanted to savor it and this was the moment he had waited for .
tr	I	He had learned from it , but he still blamed himself for Maria 's death .
tr	I	His hand was raised awkwardly , but he tried to fire it .
tr	I	She removes her hands from her sleeves , and the abbess 's lips thin .
tr	O	他举起了一面盾牌，但是它在攻击下坍塌了。
tr	O	我靠得更近了，并且我的呼吸也屏住了。
tr	I	She 's grinding her butt against him and some guy has his arms around her .
tr	I	Brad frowned , but I almost started to giggle .
tr	O	鲍勃是个聪明人，并且他不想被困在外面！
tr	I	It had been worth a shot , but that was as he 'd feared .
tr	I	It meant MYTH might have a leak , and there was only one thing she could think of that made sense if that was true .
tr	O	他知道他整个下午都得和堂兄弟们玩Xbox，并且天黑前将没有时间进行任何跑步练习。
tr	O	哦，他很想那样做，甚至想做得更多，但是那并没有让它变得更明智。
tr	I	Speed was of the essence , but he hesitated to add the rest .
tr	O	外面凉爽宜人，并且他抑制住了一阵颤抖。
tr	I	He was heavy , and she almost had to carry him .
tr	O	在某种程度上，我很可悲，并且我只能更加鄙视自己。
tr	I	There aren 't even many of those now but the locals used it for an occasional meeting .
tr	I	I knew he was right , and Finn got up from the table , placed his hand on my shoulder .
tr	I	Two guardians suddenly raced up to us , and shouts sounded nearby .
tr	I	Now he came toward her , reaching out , and he had put down the reel of tape .
tr	O	他本想说更多，但是一种突如其来的惊奇打断了他。
tr	O	巴士门发出嘶嘶声打开了，并且我不情愿地爬上了车。
tr	O	她的眼睛变得呆滞无神，并且她的脸也松弛了下来。
tr	O	我雇了一个性感又前卫的调酒师，并且我却得到一个扎着发髻、没有纹身的潮人！
tr	O	那个在教堂的夜晚在我脑海中挥之不去，并且我认为我永远不会忘记它。
tr	I	It seems right secure , but I feel my nose to see if it 's ready to fall off .
tr	O	他有一些弱点，正如她在过去几个月里发现的那样，但是这却是新的。
tr	I	It isn 't , or it 's either there .
tr	O	我想问你几个问题，并且我保证不会因为你的回答而惩罚你。
tr	I	Making small talk would make him look less nefarious , but he didn 't care where Anthony 's mate was .
tr	O	他看着她的眼睛，并且无法猜出他在想什么。
tr	I	The original ones returned and the painting of me would have to be shelved .
tr	I	Then slowed , feeling compressed , like he was folding in on himself , and he began to soar .
tr	I	The rescue team hastened over , and the crewman switched his torch back on , over to the left of Greg .
tr	O	她很嫉妒，但是我说了等等。
tr	I	Then it 's lights out , the big hive in the sky , and they can only sting once .
tr	I	Even more recently a theme park called Water Wonderland and recently it has been a mushroom farm .
tr	O	她的裙子落到她的脚边，并且他隔着她的丝质内裤抚摸着她的臀部。
tr	I	He could not put a name to her but Belkin ensured he kept his eyes on Luce 's face , wondering that she looked vaguely familiar .
tr	O	卡罗尔的形象涌回我的脑海，并且我感到双腿发软。
tr	I	I know he loves me , but Wel , Dad 's always been a hard ass .
tr	O	有两张照片，上面有一个被标记为德里克·吉拉德的男人，并且我试图记住他的样子。
tr	I	Many simple extrapolations could be made without danger , but true , experimenting with the One Power could be disastrous .
tr	I	Ellie could , but the slur was so slight that no one else would have been able to tell it was there .
tr	O	她翻开手机，并且是艾米丽。
tr	O	巫婆有凹陷的珠子般的眼睛，和一个又长又歪的鼻子，绿色的橡树叶将她的脸笼罩在绿色的色调中。
tr	O	我原以为索菲会藏起她不想被毁掉的贵重物品，但是往里看，我能看到的都是些不重要的东西。
tr	I	They packed desiccant in to keep them dry on the journey and all two thousand of the spheres fit into the single vial .
tr	I	The place looked even cozier , and Andy turned on some more lamps .
tr	O	她设法压低了声音，但是她的沮丧让语气充满了讽刺。
tr	O	她交往的那些人也都在这个行业，并且他们大部分时间都在谈论工作。
tr	O	瓦伦丁给了我安眠药，但是那些药只会让我做噩梦。
tr	O	亚历克斯四处寻找金凯德，但是医生不在那里。
tr	I	She began to moan in her ecstasy and he put his head between her legs .
tr	I	She needed to be far enough from the top , but she didn 't need to climb too deep .
tr	I	Simone remained standing , watching the whole group uncertainly as she rubbed her bruised throat , but Roman joined him a moment later .
tr	I	He looked at his hands and Bobby 's face turned grim .
tr	I	I say nothing , but I think Then don 't .
tr	I	He couldn 't weaken now but he hated to see it .
tr	O	他是人类屠夫之一，并且他已经盯上了你。
tr	O	发生了一些非常奇怪的事情，并且我仍然没有得到很多答案。
tr	O	整个镇子都和杰克一起庆祝，并且生活继续着。
tr	O	他被绑住了，并且它正在勒住他。
tr	I	They needed one , and Evening Star was pleased because there was no man in their teepee .
tr	I	He didn 't but she waited for him to speak .
tr	I	Slightly behind them , which bothered him on some strange , elemental level he didn 't know existed , but she stood between the two men .
tr	O	他或许可以拒绝他的母亲，但是他无法拒绝他的姑姑。
tr	O	夜晚很冷，并且我瑟瑟发抖。
tr	I	Her Master of the Guard helped me see that and talking to Karla about the family she formed with her adopted daughter .
tr	O	我爱妮可，并且我爱史蒂芬。
tr	O	她知道他像她一样渴望这个，但是她不完全确定这是否足够。
tr	O	当然我将不得不通过信息来支付我的晚餐，但是这可能值得。
tr	I	I need him to spell it out , but I know what he 's getting at .
tr	I	I was more confused than ever , but I could tell from Neil 's expression that he was hoping that had made sense to me .
tr	I	He could feel the rest of the room shift forward with him , and his arms unfolded .
tr	I	They would never have to worry about another thing for all eternity and he wanted to assure her that he would take her far away .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself and openly crying .
tr	I	Right now he was just a painful reminder of the brother that she couldn 't have , but she cared so much about him .
tr	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she should stop prying .
tr	I	He 's making me uneasy , but I can 't fully see him other than out of the corner of my eye .
tr	I	I was more than that , but I was Shane Lasher .
tr	I	I even grew fond of her , and I did my duty , Pa .
tr	I	Her nails pressed harder into his skin and she gasped again .
tr	O	转换的冲动再次袭来，并且我弯下身子，抵抗着那股冲动。
tr	O	我的手指摩挲着口袋里珍贵的礼物，并且我感到眼角泛起了泪花。
tr	I	The line collapsed toward us and there was a moment when the reporters pressed forward .
tr	I	The subject was simply the numeral one with a couple of leading zeros and there was a message waiting for him .
tr	I	We stepped into the anteroom and the wall was still open .
tr	O	似乎他们暂时的休战已经结束，并且她的悲伤很快被不耐烦吞噬了。
tr	O	寂静降临，并且她不安地来回挪动着双脚。
tr	I	I 'm trying not to assume anything , but I 'm not trying to hurt you .
tr	I	I had no right to be upset and he was paying me a huge sum of money to help him .
tr	I	The words were buried but I wanted to speak .
tr	I	He kept pounding , but the silver burned .
tr	I	Her hand was now slapping my shoulder in agitated fits and a shrill sound of elation came from Cora 's mouth .
tr	I	His hands tightened on my waist and I undid the next button down .
tr	I	It was one thing he felt they needed to discuss , but Carol 's apparent strength wasn 't the only thing that troubled Steve .
tr	O	那些租户平均年收入九千美元，而且他们每月支付的租金不到两百美元。
tr	O	无论他现在对她说什么，她只要坚定立场，并且他就会动摇。
tr	O	我的脸仍然涨得通红，并且我想找个地缝钻进去。
tr	I	Like a fool he 'd stumbled upon the scene , and he 'd had no idea Valerie was leaving that morning .
tr	O	我还没有死，并且我感觉有人欠我一个解释，说明是为什么。
tr	I	She turned , and a shadow shifted to her left .
tr	I	She kept a straight face , not daring to laugh but the plush grass tickled as it slipped between her toes .
tr	I	Marcus felt his heart start to race , and a look of shock ran through her eyes .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't really true , but I tried to make him feel better .
tr	O	他转向她，震惊不已，并且瞬间的羞耻感爬满了莱瓦娜的皮肤。
tr	I	All who were there were lulled into a spiritual trance , and the silhouettes of braves dancing in the firelight were intoxicating .
tr	O	我告诉他我们终于可以讲述我们的故事了，并且所有人都会知道我们是自己所认为的英雄。
tr	O	她应该为能在这里感到兴奋，但是自从他们踏入肯特以来，恐惧便开始悄悄地侵袭她。
tr	O	我们需要学校，但是没有人知道如何教育我们的孩子。
tr	O	他走近了，并且我后退了。
tr	I	I kept walking , the moonlight leading the way , but Pieces of gravel poked at my feet .
tr	O	她的脸肿了，并且她的声音无精打采，像一声沉重的叹息。
tr	O	一扇巨大的舱门出现在光中，并且一股浓重的寂静笼罩了房间。
tr	I	Her accent is pretty cool , though a little hard to adjust too , and Michelle is from England .
tr	O	我看到他听到“吸血鬼”这个词时畏缩了一下，但是我还是问了，思绪仍停留在之前的陈述上。
tr	I	I didn 't get much sleep last night and I 've got a big day ahead of me .
tr	I	The car drove on to the gravel road , and the police car 's indicator started to flash .
tr	O	他的豺狼和他在一起，没有受伤，但是沙恩的狼獾一瘸一拐的。
tr	I	Still they wanted more and everything in their lives was already a vacation from reality ?
tr	O	亨利再次闭上了眼睛，而且这次他落在了树林中。
tr	I	She just continues on with the lesson and I look up at Ms. Thomas !
tr	O	没有生命的迹象，然而院子的草坪看起来刚修剪过，灌木丛也刚修剪过。
tr	I	She 'd started wishing for what she once considered to be out of her reach and Christophe had helped her change that way of thinking .
tr	O	我从未抱有能做这种事情的希望，然而我却在这里。
tr	I	He accepted the call and I told the operator my name was Samuel St. John .
tr	O	他站在阴影中，但是他的脸不会被错认成别人。
tr	I	I was all fired up , and okay , this time , the breathing wasn 't working .
tr	I	I put my finger against his lips , but Trenton began to speak .
tr	I	You know that 's supposedly where we 're heading and he acts like he 'd be good in a fight .
tr	I	That wasn 't her concern , but it would take a while to sift through .
tr	O	尖叫者点了点头，并且她移开了手。
tr	I	Silent tears rolled down her cheeks but she didn 't make any noise .
tr	O	他们接近了纽约，但是没有乘客因喜悦而哭泣。
tr	I	For the first time , Beth was conscious of how long it had been since she 'd had a conversation like this , and he laughed .
tr	O	起初，我什么也听不到，但是然后我放松了。
tr	I	The houseboat slid off the bank the Sea Ray surged forward forcing me to kill the engines , and all at once the stern lurched .
tr	O	他确实不知道，但是他打算查清楚。
tr	O	麦克斯不是被选中去的人之一，并且他走向了敞开的乘客侧车窗。
tr	O	我扑向了格兰德，并且我们打了起来。
tr	O	我以为我赤身裸体地躺在一张又冷又硬的桌子上，但是我身上却盖着一件薄薄的白色长袍。
tr	O	我的意思是，我们看到了顾客进来，然而里面却没有人在。
tr	O	她知道自己不可能自然受孕，但是也有如此强烈的证据支持这个理论。
tr	O	这是一个秘密的地方，但是我我知道它在哪里。
tr	O	外星人抵达后，我们的教育变得更加受限，并且美国宇航局在六个月后也被关闭了。
tr	I	I don 't know why and I don 't like it when he calls me it .
tr	O	我们处于生存模式，并且唯一重要的是从长远来看最大限度地拯救生命。
tr	I	You never date anyone within the industry , and because you never mix business with pleasure .
tr	O	我提前退休了，因为有人向我开枪，而且我答应了玛丽埃尔我会远离危险。
tr	I	The two lithe figures slipped in one after the other and * The small pantry window creaked open .
tr	O	俄罗斯在太空技术方面取得了长足进步，并且其他国家也正在准备能够容纳数百万人的巨大地下掩体。
tr	O	他现在在这里，并且她不得不压下一阵紧张。
tr	I	He started grinning like a madman and when he pulled back , there was a dawning realization in his eyes .
tr	I	I want things the way I want them , but I 'm greedy .
tr	I	I would have given up back then if it hadn 't been for Danny , and made a mess of things the first few months .
tr	I	Janice had no clue why , and the SUV wouldn 't start .
tr	I	They could be twins in their choice of clothing , but Suzy didn 't look like his mother physically other than maybe height .
tr	O	大厅里挤满了人，并且我们开始走向俱乐部的公共区域。
tr	I	Chase realized he was missing one front tooth and he grinned .
tr	I	Alfie raised it above her head but she tried to grab the paper .
tr	O	我从火焰中后退，但是它却一直向我逼近，试图将我活活烧死。
tr	I	That seemed pointless , but he wanted to shout at her that Iain wasn 't dead yet .
tr	O	他会永远坚称自己无辜，但是单板滑雪已成为他的过去。
tr	O	决心要接近他，我向前走去，但是一只冰冷的手紧紧抓住我的手腕。
tr	I	I felt shaky as we followed Jamie up to the ticket counter , and it wasn 't a pleasant thought .
tr	O	他的表情变得僵硬，并且我几乎能看到他的耳朵冒烟。
tr	O	那个阿拉伯人帮忙挖了坟墓，但是他没有看到里面放了什么。
tr	O	你今天早上三点之前就醒了，而且我怀疑你昨晚根本就没睡觉。
tr	I	When there was nothing more to expose he undid his own , and he peeled the complicated robes from me , fastidious as flaying .
tr	O	其他顾客从房间里出来，并且很快警卫就到了，驱散了所有人。
tr	O	他走过我的桌子，并且基拉用她的紫色绒球笔敲了敲我的大腿。
tr	I	Dayan only tightened his hold on her , but Corinne moved , a subtle feminine retreat .
tr	I	It was a huge weight on Liam 's shoulders and being a healer took enormous dedication .
tr	O	她本想把那个可怜的女孩留作保镖，但是她想不出一个好理由。
tr	I	Legend was often a lie told by the gods to fool mortals , but Legend claimed it had been killed by Hermes .
tr	O	我已经趴下了，并且跪着爬行，开始一点点地挪向他。
tr	I	I saw Marshal go for his belt dagger and Rob looked toward me .
tr	I	Brett 's face appeared and the gate opened slowly .
tr	I	These are my people , and this is my family .
tr	O	如果那还不够，斯凯拉立刻凑到那人脸前，并且她看起来该死的吓人。
tr	I	From the way they held them , I suspected they were actually weapons of some sort , but both held what looked like little cell phones .
tr	O	克里夫在喊叫，但是露西什么也没说，只是继续发出那种呜咽、咕噜的声音。
tr	I	Already , her screams have faded from your ears , and you killed her last night .
tr	I	When were alone , we danced as equals , but I subdued myself in front of your family .
tr	O	眼泪开始止不住地流下我的脸颊，并且我无法控制它们。
tr	O	如果你更愿意的话，我们可以再来一次，但是我们不应该真的养成维度跳跃的习惯。
tr	O	几个月内她的心就会破碎，粉碎，并且她会一瘸一拐地离开。
tr	O	这片土地是狂野的，并且它可能是残酷的。
tr	O	治安官们迅速上前，并且两人抓住了莎拉的胳膊。
tr	O	我的翅膀险些冒出来，但是我控制住了。
tr	O	我再次握住阿比盖尔的手，并且在我的指尖下我能真真切切地感觉到她的脉搏加快了。
tr	O	他热切地希望他能把它再推迟三个世纪，但是现在已经没有机会了。
tr	O	丽莎想取消面试，但是凯德不听劝告。
tr	I	A fleeting smile touched his lips , and he looked down at his mother , her Bible open on her lap .
tr	O	她叫了增援，但是她没有原地等待。
tr	I	It had intensified her fatigue , but the Scotch had calmed her .
tr	I	I knew he saw , but I wiped a tear from my eye before it could escape .
tr	I	I would not let myself look at him , but I think out of the corner of my eye , I saw Edward watching us , too .
tr	I	I didn 't wretch at the scene either but I didn 't revel in the gory mess .
tr	O	起初我能够忽略疼痛，但是那很快就证明是不可能的了。
tr	O	她有美貌，是的，她知道这一点，但是他有非凡的活力。
tr	O	塞莱斯特的丈夫是个汽车爱好者，并且她在那些他总是拉她去的车展上学到了很多知识。
tr	O	他盯着我，并且我感到一阵寒意传遍全身。
tr	O	我觉得莱昂的态度相当轻浮，但是他在危机中总是那样。
tr	O	除了远处传来工人劳作的声音，周围一片寂静，并且还有空气在触及金字塔处发出微弱的嘶嘶声。
tr	I	The adrenalin flowing in our bodies made us a little giddy and the excitement from possibly discovering something of archeological importance kept smiles on our faces .
tr	I	Katherine called it quits and another trawler bobbed by .
tr	I	She fell to the ground , sobbing into her hands and a wail of anguish escaped her throat .
tr	I	The girls were pretty badass , which I could respect , but it was more chill than what I usually listened to .
tr	O	食物棒极了，一如既往，并且我吃得太多了，一如既往。
tr	O	这一天是星期四，并且他只剩下不到四个整天的时间去争取赢得她的芳心。
tr	O	它在动物体内时，就属于主，并且它现在也属于主。
tr	O	她不记得事情是如何开始的，但是有人向加斯顿发起了一场游泳比赛的挑战。
tr	O	我小心翼翼地绕过散落一地的、宽六米的金属碎片，并且当我们经过时，希特摇了摇头。
tr	O	那个笨蛋不知道该往哪里找，并且丹尼尔可以在那里待上整个晚上。
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't Heaven , and I knew it wasn 't Gatlin .
tr	I	I don 't like her the same way I did back when we were fourteen , but she was beautiful .
tr	O	穆奇看起来很困惑，并且约翰向前走了一步。
tr	I	I was in his face , and Everything flashed .
tr	I	For a moment I thought they lost their emerald gleam and his eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	O	我感觉到他猛地一动，即使他正愤怒地咆哮着，并且他的手将我的脖子按在树上，勒得我喘不过气。
tr	I	She wanted to stay home to raise them , as I hoped my wife would , and she wanted children , as did I .
tr	I	We got a little bit of a zombie problem , but I don 't know if you noticed .
tr	O	安格斯做得毫不费力，看起来就像天生就会一样，但是保罗很笨拙。
tr	I	The chains are in the way , but his tongue tries to suck me .
tr	O	我只见过她一次，但是她看起来人很好。
tr	I	The house itself wasn 't as large as in his time , and the landscape had changed .
tr	O	我看不出有什么值得兴奋的，但是他接着报告说厨师也很兴奋。
tr	O	我本想就此事问他，但是我们几乎没有独处片刻，更不用说有时间进行深入交谈了。
tr	O	他抱着她，亲吻着她的胸部，然而她正在滑向无底的黑暗。
tr	I	I 've already got my sermon done for Sunday and this is Tuesday .
tr	O	我已经数不清了，但是我的舌头感觉怪怪的。
tr	I	He didn 't say it back , and I told him that I loved him .
tr	O	我能看出这对她来说是最艰难的部分，并且我做好了最坏的打算。
tr	O	他伸手去开床头灯，但是他的手却触到了一片更多的刺痛。
tr	I	He smiled , cradling his shoulder , and Geoffrey glanced down at his wound .
tr	I	When you kiss me I feel everything and when I 'm with you , I feel safe .
tr	O	詹姆斯又接到一个让他非常心烦的电话，并且他不知道该如何回应。
tr	O	当我打开它时，他的嘴巴张开了，并且我知道这个男孩知道我长什么样子。
tr	I	She gave birth in a penitentiary , and she was pregnant with her lover 's baby .
tr	O	这间公寓和他的公寓一模一样，并且他清楚地知道该看哪里。
tr	I	She hadn 't done a damn thing to stop it , and she 'd known .
tr	O	我听到了枪的击锤被扳动的声音，并且我绝望地抓紧了我的裙子。
tr	O	那是一种我并没有感受到的保证，但是希望他并不知道这一点。
tr	O	我伸手去稳住自己，但是却没有东西可抓。
tr	I	A parking lot bleached white by the sun , and there were lots of palm trees , too .
tr	I	The entire city seemed to enjoy the celebration and it was a festive show of colored explosions .
tr	O	亨利把手放在玻璃上，并且一个键盘出现在他的指尖下方。
tr	I	Obviously enjoying the hell out of himself , but when she finally pulled him away , he was gasping for air .
tr	O	他的手托着她的下巴，并且他让她抬眼与他对视。
tr	I	My tears flowed when I looked upon it ; and below this picture was a miniature of Wilma .
tr	O	我努力让声音听起来自信，但是 我对男孩子的情况很清楚。
tr	I	The others muttered , and her eyes widened .
tr	I	They came to worship the obscene stupor it offered , and the more they partook , the more they desired .
tr	O	他没有阻止我，并且我也没有阻止他。
tr	O	他笑了，并且凯利差点忘了他们已经分手了。
tr	I	Now I 'm waiting , and I finished his errand .
tr	I	He renovated roads and he constructed hospitals for animals .
tr	O	我有力量，并且我有骄傲。
tr	O	我以为那会有帮助，但是她不肯见他们。
tr	I	His eyes were on me and I looked at him in question .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop it , but the whole act took on a whole new meaning .
tr	I	His words flowed slowly , like winter cream , but he was so cold he no longer shivered .
tr	O	我转向特里斯坦，并且我们交换了惊讶的眼神。
tr	O	我已经许下了一个承诺，并且我打算遵守它。
tr	I	Her grin widened into a smile -- then the hammer dropped , and I narrowed my eyes , not knowing what she was thinking .
tr	I	Daemon had then fried it , burning it until there wasn 't much of anything left , and we 'd driven their car into the woods .
tr	I	The action still almost made his stomach empty its contents , but he knew it was coming .
tr	I	I can feel his hesitation when he reluctantly pulls away and he kisses my cheek .
tr	O	她把头靠在他的胸膛上，并且他们默默地跳着舞。
tr	I	That simple movement got the dog 's attention , and I rubbed a hand across my forehead .
tr	O	蔡斯回电了，并且我强迫自己接听。
tr	O	他的脸因困惑而扭曲，并且他对着烟头喃喃自语。
tr	O	我知道我表现得很黏人，但是我几乎无法克制自己。
tr	I	We loaded into the wagon and it was the dark of morning .
tr	I	Missy adjusted his stirrups for him before handing him the reins and Ricky easily mounted .
tr	I	I set aside my bike , and we reached the little park .
tr	O	第一次世界大战之后，发生了改变，但是那些家庭仍然保持着彼此之间的联系。
tr	O	他发出一声嚎叫，并且在过程中松开了我的手臂。
tr	I	He let the matter drop , but an exasperated sigh escaped Lindahl .
tr	I	If she did , her tone reflected no concerns about it , or she 'd never questioned Travis 's claims about hearing Gabby 's voice .
tr	I	He weighed in but Linda was quicker than her husband .
tr	I	The lights went up and the curtain came down .
tr	O	朱莉只是哭了，并且伊森设法将她从枕头上抱起来。
tr	I	Hers was one of the largest , and Grace lived on a street of large homes .
tr	I	The driver came fast to open the boot to be able to put in our luggage , and I got in with her in a yellow cab .
tr	O	威胁发出了，并且莱尔德·麦克唐纳在盛怒之下几乎要中风了。
tr	I	She headed down the hall and he gestured to his right .
tr	O	她的耳朵嗡嗡作响，并且她的心跳加速。
tr	O	贝丝·安怀孕的可能性不大，但是不大可能并非不可能。
tr	I	He rolled off her fluidly , sitting on the edge of the bed with his broad back to her and she nodded under his hand .
tr	I	It was a comfortable silence but they were silent .
tr	I	I had to grow up at some point , but maybe if I had stayed twenty-two , it would have worked out .
tr	O	罗娜就在他身后，但是她看起来有点紧张。
tr	I	I quickly wrapped my arms around my center , and a sudden thought occurred to me .
tr	O	她设法把手指伸进那只杂种狗的下颚之间，并且她尽力把它掰开。
tr	I	Franz tensed up and the whimpering ceased .
tr	I	Even so , his overall situation has changed little , but Rift 's sense of gravity is thrown by the profoundly odd sensation .
tr	O	我仍然记得俯视着它们，而且仅仅是那气味就让我的眼睛湿润了。
tr	O	他不明白她说的任何一个字，但是那些话像石头一样击中了他。
tr	O	他们曾经是朋友，但是他们并不合拍。
tr	I	It nudged him even closer to insanity just knowing she wanted him this way , and she looked at him with longing , aroused .
tr	I	He saved many of our lives , and Aidan did the best he could .
tr	I	It was hard not to look at a woman like Jacqueline , but Mark told himself that he was just doing his job .
tr	O	现在他把这个绰号当作一个信号，表明他因是个混蛋而被原谅了，并且他对此心存感激。
tr	O	她环顾四周，但是没有人。
tr	O	他们可能找不到琼，但是他们可能能够找到她的妹妹。
tr	O	丹妮丝的抓握从牢固的依附变成了紧紧的钳制，并且她扭过他的头朝向自己，吻了他。
tr	I	He seemed to be enjoying it , and she was halfway through a romantic novel at the moment .
tr	O	隔壁房间的沙子开始以奇怪的方式堆积起来，并且我突然被拽过窗户进入了隔壁房间。
tr	O	她笑着转身背对着他，并且他不得不承认从这个新角度观察她有其优点。
tr	O	我可以通知埃姆，并且她可以告诉其他新闻人员。
tr	I	Even in the darkness , I could make out men moving heavy equipment , and I looked around .
tr	O	麦奇看了一眼马，并且就在那时她抓住了他的手腕，将他的右手完全拉入视野。
tr	I	I knew we were running out of time , and more red sniper beams emerged by the second .
tr	O	他们离开后，我能看出乔纳森有多沮丧，并且我试图让他高兴起来。
tr	O	我们电影结束后停了车，并且我们亲热了一会儿。
tr	O	我能感觉到那边大楼里有一股强大的力量，但是它是由多个生物产生的。
tr	O	我看了看，并且我看到她就在水面下仰视着我。
tr	I	I blinked it away , but I felt heat welling behind my eyes .
tr	I	In time of war he wins his freedom by doing so , and a thrall may fight in his master 's defence .
tr	I	The soldier in charge stopped him and the two front guards left them at the front of the entrance .
tr	O	波士顿大院现在对任何人都不安全，但是亨特没有必要说出来。
tr	O	他们雇佣了一些员工，并且茉莉有一个保姆会在店里帮助照顾两个婴儿。
tr	O	那个钩子可以伸到三英尺多，并且戴恩与那条脾气暴躁的蛇保持着安全距离。
tr	O	她停顿了一秒，并且他感到一股热气吹到他的脸颊上。
tr	O	他们走了进去，并且在那里她发现了肃穆的敬意。
tr	O	杰克的拳头紧握，并且他看起来随时准备好痛击任何移动的东西。
tr	I	Fitting stuff together like puzzle pieces , and Ivan 's brain was twisting around .
tr	I	He worked hard moving furniture so I forgave him somewhat for being a generally unpleasant person but Todd didn 't like any of my family .
tr	I	Then I heard regret in his voice , and there was a pause .
tr	I	Jonah returned , and reflection time followed .
tr	O	布莱恩昨晚并没有明确表示一切都已原谅，但是他可能已经准备好谈话了。
tr	O	*** 购买《许愿之翼》，并且阅读更多蒂尔的故事！
tr	I	Now it offered her some comfort from the unknown , and the book had offered her hope of something better .
tr	O	男人们带着凶猛的动物，并且其中一只动物正在追赶他。
tr	O	黑暗教团正准备入侵，并且我们将无法独自阻止他们。
tr	O	我感到手臂发热，并且我困惑地看着它。
tr	O	托尼当然问过问题，并且他担心自己知道她是如何回答的。
tr	O	他没有看到任何异常活动，但是他认为他们就在外面。
tr	I	My rage wasn 't sated yet , and it seemed too easy to me .
tr	I	She had a feeling that these officers would be inquisitive - and she shouldn 't be here .
tr	O	我想待在她身边，但是，我急忙闪到一边，比什么都更需要从她的存在中解脱出来。
tr	I	It will creep up on you quicker than you realize and traveling as we are is very tiring .
tr	I	He saw her pupils were dilated and she held his gaze .
tr	I	He 'd probably just work in his office somewhere and the house was big enough .
tr	O	他们沿着道路进展缓慢，但是，没有敌人进攻。
tr	O	我想过直接走进去，但是，我知道那样是错的。
tr	O	我无法面对自己，然而，死亡的念头让我感到恐惧。
tr	I	More importantly , she loved the security of the palace , but she loved her job .
tr	O	他讨厌不得不请求，但是，周围没有人拥有真正的医生能力。
tr	O	我流利地咒骂着，但是，发出的却是奇怪的嘶哑叫声。
tr	I	He never comes , but I 've invited him over .
tr	I	Devon had declined , but her parents had offered to get her an apartment in Chicago since she had decided to stay .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt to be more cautious than not , but Border patrol would be much more relaxed during the wee hours of morning anyways .
tr	O	亚伯的黑眼睛瞥向我们的手，并且，他摇了摇头。
tr	I	I couldn 't figure out what it was supposed to be , but it looked like a tunnel with a light at the end .
tr	I	I was glued to my spot , immobilized by fear , but Everything told me to run , not looking back .
tr	I	She blushed again , and then she realised that this subterfuge was pointless as far as Ogg was concerned .
tr	I	The very thought of you entering such a disreputable place unsettles me , and you 're my wife , after all .
tr	O	他试图向后游，但是，看起来并没有任何效果。
tr	O	喜欢对他们动粗，进行一些威胁，但是如果他们免费为他服务，他就会放过他们。
tr	O	我稍微弯下腰，但是 我没有倒下。
tr	I	She wanted to hear a local 's opinion , and the comment was along the lines of what she was thinking .
tr	O	我想和我的朋友们说话，并且 我想和卡洛斯说话。
tr	O	莎拉的心脏砰砰直跳，并且 她的胸口收紧，当她下定决心冲向楼梯时。
tr	O	现在还为时过早，但是 那一天正在临近。
tr	O	这种严肃的风格并非没有魅力，尤其搭配她的骨骼结构，但是 他想念她的金色卷发。
tr	O	我没有锁住她的灵魂，但是 我把她的身体锁在了湖底。
tr	I	I attempt to smile , and there 's an awkward pause .
tr	O	我的声音颤抖，并且 我们接吻，他的唇在我唇上久久不离。
tr	I	Then he released a ragged breath , and several seconds stretched out .
tr	I	Her eyes sparkled with animation , and she had a winsome smile .
tr	I	I threw it across the room , and the calf parted from the knee .
tr	I	At last I bow , accepting the blade , and I feel the pressure of the many eyes .
tr	O	迈尔斯陷入了沉默，并且现在正靠墙站着，抿着嘴唇打量着塔维。
tr	I	They were all armed , and the men looked pissed .
tr	O	早春的阴影已经横过操场，并且空气中带着寒意，反映出该地区海拔较高。
tr	O	他盯着我，仿佛我是一种奇怪的甲虫，并且他好奇我可能会做什么。
tr	O	乘客们在里面跌跌撞撞，但是我不在乎他们中是否有人看到我消失。
tr	O	我的心砰砰直跳，但是我坐下了。
tr	O	他们随心所欲，并且他们走开了。
tr	I	Before she knew it , she was crying , too , and sadness rose up in Lexi .
tr	O	他们脚下的地面被磨得光滑，并且走廊的墙壁优雅地向内弯曲。
tr	I	His mind was clear but he too appeared weary .
tr	I	I felt awesome , and add the humiliation factor with the giant bruise on my knee .
tr	I	Suddenly it was hard to breathe , and he pressed his thin lips together .
tr	I	Spencer would have to finish high school at Rosewood Public , and Rosewood Day would probably expel her .
tr	O	我们的小弟弟突然有了一部手机，而且他突然口袋里有钱了。
tr	I	This was a bad alcohol-induced nightmare I would wake up from any minute , and I had to have gotten seriously drunk .
tr	I	Before my eyes , he simply appeared , and I kept my gaze on the circle .
tr	O	他闻起来像户外，这本身就令人陶醉，但是她在他怀里感到的安全感更好。
tr	I	Slung it over his shoulder as he descended the stairs to the basement and Cael pulled his thin jacket off .
tr	I	Today he was a little more on edge , but normally he appeared very comfortable behind the wheel .
tr	O	他抽动着手指，并且我随着它们摇摆。
tr	I	She didn 't want to knowingly put anyone in that position , and she knew all about looking like an idiot .
tr	O	她在说话，但是这毫无用处。
tr	O	她回头望向房子，但是格蕾丝已经进去了。
tr	I	If I 'm honest , I don 't even hate Derek for it , but I guess most people would have been scarred by it .
tr	I	Her grandfather was reading the newspaper in the recliner , and her father was reading a book on the couch .
tr	I	My eyes are drawn in that direction , but I do not look , to look would be cruel .
tr	O	卡桑德拉对他调皮地一笑，但是她的眼里充满了恐慌。
tr	I	She held her breath , and Anticipation cut through her .
tr	O	因为她告诉他那是他的孩子，并且她没有理由撒谎。
tr	I	I sighed and Logan 's hand gripped my hip harder .
tr	I	She drove to her parents ' instead , but she wanted to return to the farmhouse .
tr	O	塞拉结结巴巴地回答，但是没有说出任何连贯的话。
tr	I	He shoved it at her , and the bowl was soon empty .
tr	I	The floor of the chamber opened up and the clouds parted .
tr	O	我以为他会笑，但是他没有。
tr	I	Fox 's jaw loosened , and she raised her face .
tr	O	我的声音因滥用而变得嘶哑，并且哭泣对此毫无帮助。
tr	I	Alex was rather possessive of her station , but as the owner , she could have made someone else perform this chore .
tr	O	她的母亲谈过本很多次，但是她从未说过任何不寻常的事情。
tr	O	我用私人飞机把她送回家，并且她一路睡着。
tr	I	She didn 't notice but he moved closer to her .
tr	I	She shut us out and the noise wall went up .
tr	O	我的心仍不满足，并且我需要知道更多。
tr	O	我们只拿到一个演示用，而且在这些地方独自旅行很危险。
tr	I	With a touch from the God , its leg outstretched completely healed , but the grasshopper 's leg was broken .
tr	I	Joshua got the sick feeling he was about to , yet it was hard to imagine meeting anyone more frightening .
tr	I	Nevertheless , she 'd kicked ass right alongside everyone else , but granted , she 'd had some help from Daniel .
tr	O	他的声音仍然含糊不清，并且他的眼睛仍然迷离。
tr	O	这些话在他自己听来很疯狂，但是他一旦开始就无法停止。
tr	O	整个房间似乎都淡去了，并且她唯一确定的是她必须离开餐厅。
tr	I	Then her eyes came back to me , and I watched as she looked around her .
tr	I	I had become distracted , and the discussion to help you further had intensified .
tr	O	这不是我掉以轻心的情况，而且他也没有那样做，这是一个好迹象。
tr	I	I realized that was due to the loud beating of my heart , but at first , the sounds were muffled .
tr	O	我们必须工作，或者我们都会死。
tr	O	她爱过约翰，但是并非以她应有的方式。
tr	I	The agent gave her a small , genuine smile , the first smile Spencer had ever seen from her , and Spencer glanced at Fuji .
tr	O	没有灰色薄膜，而且我什么也没看到。
tr	O	我考虑过撤退，但是那些声音让我无法动弹。
tr	O	也许他妈妈不是世界上最温和的人，但是她非常负责任。
tr	O	好吧，我是在撒谎，但是她永远不会知道的。
tr	O	我叹了口气，但是不情愿无济于事。
tr	O	她试图挣脱，但是我对它们的抓握收紧了。
tr	O	他不怀好意地笑了，并且我的胃一沉，因为我记起我手机已经不在了。
tr	I	I unzipped them , the belt already undone and my hands made their way to his jeans again .
tr	I	The entire world celebrated our union , and I was happy .
tr	I	They 're here , but I haven 't seen them .
tr	I	Maybe that was asking too much , but Lexi wanted her friend to smile .
tr	I	He had proof but I told him you didn 't live here .
tr	O	球从三垒的佩佩身边滚过，并且我们有了第一个跑垒员。
tr	O	我的脉搏飙升，并且我的心脏开始更用力地撞击我的胸腔。
tr	O	他很快系好安全带，并且有一刻我考虑带走他。
tr	I	My eyes widened , and I flicked my partner a quick glance .
tr	I	The small ones rushed off , following the road in the direction of the body , and he kept the pouch for himself .
tr	I	Her weapons were still there , but Izzy was gone .
tr	I	I shivered and his hands ran up my back .
tr	O	你夺走了我的灵魂，并且你偷走了我的心。
tr	O	笑容完全恢复了，并且他又笑了。
tr	I	She sensed how much the teen valued her composure , but Zoe desperately wanted to pull Sam into her arms .
tr	O	这得到了预期的反应，并且她能看到他强行摆脱伤势的影响。
tr	I	My sandals are on my feet and my hair is up .
tr	I	She came highly recommended on several boards , and I did a bunch of research last night after you went to bed .
tr	O	她摸起来也非常柔软，并且我说出了我心里所想的一切。
tr	I	Cohen helped me into one of his T-shirts and we made our way clumsily into the bedroom .
tr	I	She had seen the bruises on the arm of the girl that had served them , and one of the older ones had a black eye .
tr	O	她将那份黑暗从脑海中驱逐出去，但是她知道它会再次回来。
tr	O	没有别人拥有她那样的发色，并且没有其他女人能如此强烈地吸引他。
tr	I	It was too late , but Bryony shouted a warning .
tr	O	艾斯利的目光落到他的唇上，并且她湿润了自己的嘴唇。
tr	O	至少这对卡西来说是一种消遣，并且她不必担心自己。
tr	O	我看到了那辆车，并且我无法停下来。
tr	O	他抱得我那么彻底，以至于我的脚离开了地面，并且我有点喘不过气来。
tr	O	拉斯普廷向他剩下的追随者示意，并且他们不情愿地走近了她。
tr	O	海明威曾经睡在那里，但是那没有帮助。
tr	O	我确信我会听到原因，但是我现在还没有准备好。
tr	O	亚历克斯把它递给她，并且她取出了水晶。
tr	O	阿曼能看出霍桑嘴边有一句针对这不必要建议的反驳，但是指挥官以他惯有的风度忍住了。
tr	I	He sounded rushed , but Kevin asked .
tr	I	He felt the unquenchable pain ; but she tried to veil her mind from him .
tr	O	马赫先生对他点了点头，并且詹姆斯在她爆发性的表情下畏缩了。
tr	I	For that I was grateful to him and he had saved my life again tonight .
tr	O	我站在那里听着那些话，但是它们不太有意义。
tr	I	It gave him a chill but none of it made a whole lot of sense to him .
tr	O	与此同时，他无法摆脱对她的迷恋以及这种安排似乎会促成的对她公司的垄断。
tr	O	一股鲜红的动脉血喷涌而出，并且法师像石头一样倒下，本能地捂住他血红色的手臂在胸前。
tr	O	橙色的火焰已经烧得很低了，但是熄灭它们是我的职责。
tr	I	I hold up a hand , but he moves toward me , as if he 's going to hug me .
tr	O	我能尝到他舌头上的啤酒味，并且那苦涩味加剧了我的兴奋。
tr	O	她做我的好朋友已经有一段时间了，并且在我父母去世时她一直在我身边。
tr	I	We 're suddenly interrupted , but my hand moves to hold her face to take over the kiss .
tr	I	When it did , the defenders would be slaughtered and he knew the Plague would eventually find this world .
tr	I	She squinted in the smoke , and a cigarette dangled from her lip .
tr	O	电话响了好几声他才接，并且他的声音很沙哑。
tr	O	科尔站了起来，并且麦克斯递出了他之前用来确定我们位置的设备。
tr	O	莱恩在问我们，但是他看着蔡斯。
tr	I	There was something pretty scary going on behind them , and completely blank , except for his eyes .
tr	I	She emitted a delicate , fluttering sigh and her gaze dropped down to his grin .
tr	O	我问了，但是他什么也没说。
tr	O	她进入了一个类似小后院的地方，但是她主要注意到那是一个死胡同。
tr	O	传来了惊讶的叫喊声，并且有人大声呼喊着要灭火器。
tr	O	他是硬件，并且我是软件。
tr	I	It was becoming more difficult to breathe and as they slowly descended , the air became thicker with dust .
tr	O	艾丹用一道火焰击中了坏死，但是它没有效果。
tr	O	香烟从他唇边滑落，并且他死了，正如他所预料的那样。
tr	I	His belly wasn 't left wanting , but he may not have eaten the prime cuts .
tr	I	A torn grey arm begin to emerge and Jack turned to see the foliage rustle .
tr	O	他们脚下的地面正在裂开，并且燃烧的紫色气体正在涌出。
tr	I	Tears swelled in her eyes , and Zoey 's bottom lip trembled .
tr	I	She wanted to learn , but really , she didn 't know how to play hopscotch .
tr	O	她的目光被吸引回哈特身上，并且伊莎贝拉笑了。
tr	I	When I catch him staring , he blushes to the roots of his hair , and the gangly youth cannot keep his eyes off me .
tr	I	Grey wasn 't inclined to object , but probably he had ejected some subaltern .
tr	I	The electricity was off , but Coffee would be nice .
tr	O	附近几户人家的孩子已经过来过，并且她从他们每个人那里都买了糖果。
tr	I	At that moment their eyes met , and his hand then faltered .
tr	I	Her face reflected her age for the first time since I 'd known her and her eyes drifted open lazily .
tr	O	在艾莉森去世之前情况就很糟糕，但是在那之后，就变得无法忍受了。
tr	O	她就在这里，将自己和她的一切都奉献给他，并且他却连眼皮都没眨一下。
tr	I	I can tell , and she 's tired .
tr	O	这些话语说得毫无感情，然而它们背后的威胁却清晰可见。
tr	I	A sharp pain on my hand changed my mind , but I hesitated for a second .
tr	O	你去了她的公寓，并且你们打了一架。
tr	O	我们每个周末都在外面这里度过，直到我十四岁，并且她允许我独自前来。
tr	I	I waited , just waited , for someone to open it , and my gaze snapped to the second , interior door ahead of me .
tr	O	骑马，并且乐在其中。
tr	I	They were too late but the Welsh frantically attempted to fit another arrow .
tr	O	所以就像我说过的，它可能不坏，但是它值得调查。
tr	I	My eyes were stinging and my heart was racing .
tr	O	他带着敬意说了这句话，并且她的心更加轻松了。
tr	I	Her confidence seemed to drain away and the girl 's eyes clouded over .
tr	I	I understood her reluctance and her voice was wistful .
tr	O	我转而使用注射剂，但是药效最终消失了，让我感觉更糟糕。
tr	I	She smiled , but her stomach muscles tensed .
tr	I	It only makes him more aggressive , but I feebly attempt to fight back .
tr	O	那就是她一直以来的那种人，而且那也是我想要成为的那种人。
tr	O	卡罗尔只能听到对话的一端，并且她起初以为是个打错的电话。
tr	O	她可能对卢卡斯有好感，但是她不会付诸行动。
tr	I	It had been a good guess , but he had only been guessing .
tr	O	她已经下了决心，打了电话，并且她现在有了一个真正的课后工作面试。
tr	I	Fear of betrayal held her paralyzed , but he could feel her reaching for him in her mind , wanting to give herself to him .
tr	O	他直视前方，但是她没有错过他脸上那狡黠的笑容。
tr	O	他坐在那里，仿佛过了一个世纪，而且我发誓我真的能看到他眼中光芒熄灭的瞬间。
tr	I	If anything his arms tightened around me , but I tried to pull out from underneath him .
tr	O	背叛他的是他认识的人，但是那段记忆却奇怪地消逝了，被无尽的痛苦所掩盖。
tr	I	There were more than two of them now , and the zombies were moving fast .
tr	O	在这种不自然的寂静中，安德烈娅在手机上拨打了肖恩的号码，但是他没有接听。
tr	O	他走进房子，并且科里跟着他。
tr	O	门就在那时开了，并且谢丽尔笑容满面地走了上前。
tr	O	我戏弄了，但是感觉很好。
tr	O	他对我一直很糟糕，但是我不是他女儿并非我的错。
tr	I	Commander Jiao Bai , of the Ocean of Titan , appeared on the main screen and Jeffery smiled .
tr	I	He suspected Bryony wasn 't totally relaxed about it either , but it was an event Edwin had long dreaded .
tr	I	She had nothing to give and now the new ones were asking for payment .
tr	I	I was ready for a break , but I wasn 't particularly excited about eating more of the usual food .
tr	O	他不知道维生素是否有帮助，但是他确定它们不会有害。
tr	O	他看起来像一个面对丰盛宴席的饥饿之人，并且她有一种感觉，她知道菜单上有什么。
tr	O	随着摇滚乐的喧嚣，我们随着自己的节拍摇摆，但是我认为我们俩都没有完全在听。
tr	I	The sickening concern was inescapable , but Rachel tried to ignore it .
tr	O	三位侍女，她们自幼便认识亚历山德拉，没有被骗并且藏起了笑容，当她们走向下一个寝室时。
tr	I	Still it didn 't break , but he stretched the substance about a foot .
tr	O	他那时是个威胁，并且别无他法。
tr	O	他们可能经历了艰难的几个月，但是他们从五年级起就是最好的朋友了。
tr	I	I started walking towards it and my uniform hung from a metal coat rack at the corner of the room .
tr	O	我本打算去，给她一个道歉的机会，但是我接了一点活要做。
tr	O	这不会再发生了。他昨天无视她只是为了证明他能做到，但是他惨败了。
tr	I	Something then went back to sleep or maybe she had gotten up early , like she said , to work out .
tr	O	莱奥也挨打了，但是莱奥很早就通过反击解决了问题。
tr	O	他的目光与她的相遇了，并且她看到了那里蓄积的火焰。
tr	O	粘稠的汁液沾满了他的手指，并且他超然地看着它滴落。
tr	I	The exhaustion I had felt left me and my staff amulet was glowing brightly again .
tr	I	I stumbled as I fell into it and she released her side of the door .
tr	O	我点点头，并且我们走向我的横幅。
tr	O	格温笑得更厉害了，并且索尔感到羞辱。
tr	O	那正是凯登和其他人带我来的地方，我们第一次离开洞穴的那天。
tr	I	It caught Watt off guard and it was a simple question .
tr	I	He 'd twice saved her life , but she hadn 't known him long .
tr	O	他离“没事”太远了，简直可笑，但是他不忍心用自己的问题拖累她。
tr	O	他们走过大房间，并且科林正好在中间拦住了她。
tr	I	It seems like his face turns even paler than usual , but I can 't tell for sure under the artificial light .
tr	I	Sparkling night once more and he glances out his window into the dark .
tr	O	她的目光找到了凯特的，并且她全身都放松了。
tr	O	她去某个地方工作了，并且她回来时变成了那样。
tr	I	Rina gave him what he asked for , and he shook from the effort of holding back .
tr	O	僧侣跳了回去，并且那生物也跳了回去。
tr	I	He holds onto the railing , heading straight for me and the floor ripples under his steps .
tr	I	He would always be hers , and she would always be his .
tr	O	她是如此轻盈，我几乎感觉不到她，但是她在我身上感觉太对了。
tr	I	He climbed inside and when he arrived , the side door opened .
tr	I	Their lives would never be the same again , and a beautiful life had inexplicably been taken away .
tr	I	Archer shook him off , but call moved toward him .
tr	I	You stink and this place stinks !
tr	I	When they met , Tavi shivered , and her eyes came back to his .
tr	O	我父母那天晚上出去了，并且我已经上床睡觉了，这时一个船员回来了。
tr	O	他们如此拥挤，他一定在某个时候遇到过她，但是她现在已经很难辨认了。
tr	O	我有一个未婚夫，并且我要结婚了。
tr	I	Her legs turn to jelly as she struggled to comprehend the sight that met her in the open doorway and her knees went weak .
tr	O	他把嘴唇再次贴到我的嘴上，并且他的吻加深了。
tr	O	男人们开始窃窃私语，并且斯科奇继续前行。
tr	I	I do not say so to hurt you and my views on your kin are unchanged .
tr	I	In the light from the jet 's window , it flashed like silver , and she held the feather up .
tr	I	More were coming up behind them , and agents were running along the length of it .
tr	O	几十码外的喷泉流淌的水声依然让空气中弥漫着它的音乐，但是气氛却充满了沉重的期待。
tr	I	She gurgled in horror , then passed out and his red syrupy liquid flowed onto her face .
tr	O	也许我是，但是我正在为此做些什么。
tr	O	伤害一位贵族是重罪，但是他们知道如果他们不迅速行动，他会再次袭击。
tr	I	She managed it , just let it be , but it took a supreme act of will not to layer words onto the hug .
tr	O	我听出了他声音里的失望，但是他没有停止给我擦洗。
tr	O	他严厉的声音哽咽了，并且他的眼睛湿润了。
tr	I	I couldn 't speak , too overcome with the emotional overload of seeing him again after so long and my entire body shuddered .
tr	I	A woman answered , and I dialed the number Kelsey 's father had given me .
tr	I	A pleasant warmth engulfed Haven 's hand , and a soft glow of orange light filtered through his fingers .
tr	O	我以前没有见过它，因为它藏在她的另一只脚下，但是戒指是连着一条链子的。
tr	O	已经很晚了，并且我差点就走了。
tr	I	This is Mel we 're talking about , but I don 't want to believe that my best friend killed someone .
tr	I	I saw recognition dawn on him and he followed my gaze .
tr	I	Her eyes found me again behind the counter , and Olivia turned briefly .
tr	I	At once I saw that a court had been convened , and I hadn 't seen this vast room on my earlier visit .
tr	I	Alex did , but perhaps no one else would 've noticed .
tr	I	She wanted their punishment to be equally severe , and men were more evil than she had believed .
tr	O	红已经睡着了，并且其他人也正在休息。
tr	O	他可能有点混蛋，但是他确实给了我生命。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且她开始离开了。
tr	I	Her fierceness falters when our eyes meet , but she turns to glare at me as soon as she sits down .
tr	I	Charlie seemed to teleport off of Sawyer 's shoulder and they ran out into the open .
tr	O	他逗我笑了，但是他没有骗我。
tr	I	He was right , but I hadn 't thought much of the holidays because of my accident .
tr	O	我不想把手臂拿开，但是 我必须。
tr	O	说服她可能是一个问题，但是 他知道他的计划对他们两人的未来都至关重要。
tr	O	我知道我不需要它，但是 我很高兴得到她的认可。
tr	O	她的心在胸腔里砰砰直跳，并且 她尝到了舌尖上的恐惧。
tr	I	The beard he was ignoring since returning home , and his eyes narrowed , a hand over the remains of his hair .
tr	I	It was annoying as heck , and the phone started ringing again , only seconds after it stopped .
tr	I	I could feel my skin prickle as if I were sunburned , and the Old Man turned to look at me .
tr	I	It was not enough to console her , but Mary really looked after with utmost dedication .
tr	O	一丝微弱的光从弗朗茨门下透出来，并且 她认为他忘了关灯。
tr	O	他的声音里带着笑声，并且 他得意地笑着，从躺椅上起身。
tr	I	Nothing was coming out , but her mouth was open like she was screaming .
tr	I	Maybe the bank would let him keep his line of credit , but he 'd have zip to fall back on .
tr	I	I walk away from her and she rolls her eyes again .
tr	O	我对他皱眉，但是 他是对的。
tr	I	I have to follow my heart , but in my head I know that 's wrong , Bailey .
tr	O	当他结束时，然而，她抬起了头，并且 他惊讶地看到她眼中熔岩般的怒火。
tr	O	她能感觉到他触碰过的每一寸，并且当她检查他的目光时，她发现他也注意到了。
tr	O	珍妮向她扔了一条毛巾，并且德文接住了它，感到很震惊。
tr	O	他们可怕的存在让他不寒而栗，并且他把破旧的实验服裹紧在自己身上。
tr	I	Once he 'd started , nothing could have stopped him , but he 'd never intended the kiss to become that intense .
tr	I	He wants me to commit , and I can 't even think ?
tr	I	There just isn 't that much room for anything else , and getting homework done takes up an awful lot of space in my head .
tr	O	它会的，但是现在不会。
tr	I	The sun was falling full on its stony face , and no trees grew on it .
tr	O	我以前从未专业化地化过妆，并且当我照镜子时，我几乎认不出自己了。
tr	I	He pulled away , and he knew when to stop .
tr	I	The members who 'd died in the chaos earlier had already been replaced , and fifteen cities were now represented .
tr	O	这样我能再升一级，也许两级，并且到时候我们再看。
tr	O	一种异样的寒意爬上我的脊椎，并且我感到全身鸡皮疙瘩。
tr	O	菲拉在网上搜索如何一次性准备如此多餐饭的技巧，并且奥特姆向她详细介绍了她所知道的关于为一大群人做饭的一切。
tr	I	Our eyes met and I looked up .
tr	I	They promised to look into it , and I even reported it to corporate .
tr	O	有如此多的经历，我们是第一次体验，而且我们天生就会对此保持谨慎。
tr	I	You can 't change it , but you can love me , even with that terrible flaw inside me .
tr	I	His former job required little , if any , public speaking , but his experience in front of a crowd was a huge plus .
tr	I	His treaty with me held him to me , yet he wanted no part of the coming battles .
tr	I	The door to the bar faster than I had expected and he strode toward me , putting himself quickly between me .
tr	O	你装作如此漫不经心，但是你也在乎别人的看法。
tr	I	He had missed it and that ship had long sailed .
tr	O	汽油价格已飙升至每加仑三十四美分，并且一辆新雪佛兰现在几乎要三千美元。
tr	O	她桌上的电话响了，而且她犹豫着如何接听。
tr	O	我很安全，而且我很开心。
tr	I	He was already at the field , but Jack 's game at Wrigley didn 't start until seven thirty .
tr	O	梅蒂斯教授模糊的脸在我眼前晃动，而且我不得不眨了好几次眼她才聚焦。
tr	O	我循着声音走了几座坟墓，而且她就在那里，红发随风狂舞。
tr	I	My heart plummets like a stone , and her blue eyes study me coldly .
tr	O	那些金色的眼睛里没有什么萦绕，但是有些东西在那里。
tr	O	我不知道，并且因此，我没有转身。
tr	I	Then he blinked , but I thought he 'd died .
tr	I	The bloody knife tumbles into the snow and Viktor clutches his hands over the wound .
tr	I	She was watching Marcus play with my hair with an amused grin on her face and I chanced a glance over at Amanda .
tr	I	Helen drove them to Sammy 's and the two laughed .
tr	O	佐伊看着食物，并且突然，她饿极了。
tr	O	他们的补给问题远未解决，但是那是他们当时能做的最好的了。
tr	O	他从她身边退开，在交配本能完全控制他并且让他无法控制自己的行为之前。
tr	I	They latched on to hers as if she was his last hope , and they still looked as sad as the eyes of a motherless pup .
tr	O	他再次定定地看着我，并且接着，那种茫然的表情笼罩了他。
tr	I	I was beginning to worry about hitting a dead end , and I didn 't know where I would lead them to .
tr	O	色彩爬上她的脸颊，并且我再次这样想：乔安娜·雷耶斯可能仍然很美。
tr	O	一种毁灭性的绝望感几乎令卡罗尔窒息，并且她努力迎上他的目光而不退缩。
tr	O	寂静跟随着她的话语，并且甚至达斯汀看起来也很惊讶。
tr	O	她今天没心情争吵，并且他看起来比平时更加防备。
tr	I	In all likelihood , I can get there tomorrow , but I have a family emergency .
tr	I	He was at peace with that outcome , and he may die doing it .
tr	I	Randall , Howard J. was in its proper place , but Picasso was not to be found .
tr	O	他的肌肉在他闪亮的毛皮下颤抖着，并且我几乎能感觉到他随后放松下来。
tr	I	He had to stop them from falling in love and he knew he didn 't have much time before Rob would get there .
tr	I	Those facts had to narrow down the pool of suspects , but sure , she ticked people off with her hard-nosed tactics .
tr	I	I winked back , and she winked when I stepped up to the desk .
tr	I	He failed and he knew .
tr	O	他现在想起来克林特说过那不是他的，并且就在那时，Chewy的好奇心被激起了。
tr	O	凯文推了米西一把，并且她就上去了。
tr	I	His face lights up , but Grady rolls his eyes .
tr	I	She feels nothing , but her hands brush along her arms , up to her shoulders .
tr	O	他们想住多久就可以住多久，但是我预计大多数人都会想回到自己的生活。
tr	I	He needs it anyway and after all it is a small gift .
tr	O	他整晚都在纠缠她，并且这让我很恼火。
tr	O	他的声音把朱莉拉回了现实，并且她感觉脸颊微微泛红。
tr	O	他们已经把守卫赶回去了，但是他们不会永远待在那里。
tr	I	I was relieved to see her looking more like herself and she had scrubbed off most of the makeup .
tr	O	金姆似乎总是更有能力掌控局面，但是现在她却在哭，即使她正在努力解救她的朋友。
tr	I	His head is resting on my shoulder and I turn his little body so that we are chest to chest .
tr	O	我的烦恼仍然潜伏在我脑海中的某个角落，但是我已经尽可能地降低了音量。
tr	I	The two remaining warlocks had raised powerful shields , but he still gripped the pistol in his hand .
tr	I	I can 't and I just want to get away .
tr	I	He turned right , and a road sign pointing to the freeway came up at the next light .
tr	O	我本人从未对那种事感兴趣，但是你可以整夜听到施工的噪音。
tr	O	如果我够幸运，那男孩说得对，并且我可以在退房时付款。
tr	I	This guy was a clown 's clown , but the Heritage Party might have been a party of clowns .
tr	I	They escape into a whirlwind and the ceiling opens .
tr	I	I want to know what 's going on , and he sounds like he 's upset .
tr	I	Her wireless modem plugged in and she had her laptop out .
tr	O	茉莉把他拖到走廊尽头，并且他们站在窗户下面。
tr	O	阿莱霍的胸口开始收紧，并且他徒劳地试图保持理智。
tr	O	他们再次握手，并且我母亲出来挥手告别。
tr	I	Several silvery drops spattered to the ground , and there was a thin , painful wail .
tr	O	她也呻吟着，并且他把一绺金发从她脸上捋开。
tr	O	她的身体崩溃了，并且她无法清楚地思考。
tr	I	Then Agent Harris left the Oval Office , and the President shook his hand .
tr	I	They stayed few meters away from but the two girls followed them .
tr	O	我愿意给你加洛医生的头，但是我不会再自愿进一步地自证其罪。
tr	O	当然，所有人都称之为软禁，但是他知道他们已经找到了规避惩罚的方法。
tr	O	至少我有一个自己的房间，并且我享受着我能得到的片刻宁静。
tr	I	I look down just as he reaches to click ignore , and James 's phone vibrates in the center console .
tr	I	The only sounds she heard were the normal sounds of the night , but each time Sarah 's ears would strain to hear anything .
tr	O	你是个了不起的女孩，而且你真的比任何人都更值得这一切。
tr	I	She nearly doubled over in pain , and Sarah felt the blow as a physical attack .
tr	O	埃德加恶狠狠地瞪了洛克一眼，但是洛克不予理会，他脸上带着一丝坏笑，凝视着走廊。
tr	O	我今天长大了，而且明现在没有理由不碰我了。
tr	I	Both hands are gripping the wheel tightly and while driving , his eyes are constantly scanning ahead .
tr	O	他们在大约三十五年前消失了，但是守护者们却从未消失。
tr	I	The instrument was of no importance , but she might enjoy the act physically .
tr	O	我知道是四月，但是 我不知道具体是哪一天。
tr	I	Her comment just makes me feel more self-conscious , but Holly catches my nervous look .
tr	O	效果是一样的，并且 当我们最终分开时，我又气喘吁吁了。
tr	I	Juliet was the sarcastic moody one , and I 'd been a half-full kind of girl freshman year .
tr	I	I repeated the tracking spell sending sparkling dirt to point the way and we came to a few more paths along the way .
tr	O	他的脸上什么也没有表现出来，连他冰冷的眼睛里都没有一丝闪烁，但是 她知道他正在嘲笑她。
tr	O	周围的噪音因她所处的奇怪笼子而变得模糊，但是 她周围的仙女们却兴奋地交谈着。
tr	O	她以前从未对父母撒过谎，但是 她现在需要一个善意的谎言。
tr	O	在他再次开口之前，她刺穿了他的心脏，并且 他无声地倒下了。
tr	O	他们是无情的，并且 即使是神明最终也会死于他们之手。
tr	I	He didn 't think he liked them , but he didn 't know these new gods .
tr	O	太阳很久以前就落山了，但是 停在前门的警车仍在保持警戒。
tr	O	索菲亚出现在这里不仅仅是一种不便，并且这只是时间问题，她就会独立。
tr	I	Tara remembered laughing until her sides hurt , and the wine had flowed .
tr	O	我知道这会很难，但是我需要你坚强。
tr	O	我把那几秒钟的音频播放了很多遍，但是苏珊不相信。
tr	O	我本来会拥抱他的，但是他正在吃东西。
tr	I	He left something for me , but I didn 't see him .
tr	O	露娜需要休息，但是小憩片刻后，她也准备好离开了。
tr	I	They 're sick or sluggish like they didn 't get any sleep ?
tr	I	The Queen ignored me altogether , and Ian made a half-hearted attempt to copy me .
tr	I	There was no way for her to leave and the post was on lockdown .
tr	O	一滴泪水滑过他的脸颊，并且他低下了头。
tr	O	一股恶臭弥漫在空气中，并且他再次让狂风席卷洞穴，将其吹散。
tr	O	她的地毯是沙子的颜色，并且她喜欢它赤脚踩在上面的感觉。
tr	I	Monti is forced to back away from the house because the heat is so intense and the house is completely engulfed in flames now .
tr	I	She knew that the Lord accepted that and she did the best she could .
tr	O	他不会赢，但是他不是懦夫。
tr	O	我母亲又抱了我，而且我因她压到我疼痛的手臂而龇牙咧嘴。
tr	O	最近日子似乎没有尽头，并且夜晚甚至更长。
tr	I	I miss her terribly and it 's been seven days .
tr	I	She smelled like lavender , and her makeup was flawless .
tr	I	She 's not inviolable anywhere , but I thought the sheer volume of witnesses would keep her safe .
tr	O	我拒绝屈居于军阀亲王之下，并且我让他们按我的条件与我打交道。
tr	O	她爱我，而且我爱她。
tr	I	Moments later the boarding ramp pulled back to the terminal , and they finished just as the main cabin door closed .
tr	O	我父亲死了，并且我认为汉娜与此有关。
tr	I	He said she was feeling bad , and I asked Bo .
tr	O	他的肩膀塌了下来，并且他叹了口气。
tr	I	I held my breath the entire time he chewed , and I waited for him to take his first bite .
tr	I	He could find no enemy , but her anxiety had put him on battle alert .
tr	I	He was lost , and then she smiled , holding out her arms in welcome .
tr	I	Camaro offered his polite applause and the curtain drew .
tr	I	My skin crawled at her appraising gaze , and Danvers tapped her fingers on the desk .
tr	I	A chill passed through her , and Emma stood on her tiptoes .
tr	I	No sound comes out , but Amy 's mouth drops open .
tr	O	我向前迈出一步，朝着那个动静的方向，并且我又看到了另一个闪烁，这一个在更右边。
tr	O	我的脸涨红了，但是我无法动弹。
tr	O	他们可能是拉特里最年轻的战士之一，但是他们却是其中最凶猛的两个。
tr	I	At least he should be able to find some shade and if he could get over the wall , he should be quite safe inside .
tr	O	记者叫住了她，但是她却无法回头。
tr	I	Margaret knew he was amused , and the clerk 's eyes twinkled .
tr	O	我们都摔到了地上，但是我却双脚着地。
tr	I	He was dead , and she loved him .
tr	I	I need it , and I still have some stuff I left in my room at Harry 's place .
tr	I	Her words had started coming faster and her voice had risen half an octave .
tr	I	I couldn 't see them from where we were standing , but the others were there , too .
tr	O	我的手在颤抖，并且我从头到脚都在发抖，当我滑下我的隔间墙时。
tr	I	If he does , I think we should be there for him , and maybe he wants to make his life better .
tr	O	我不知道马奇是否会有同样的感觉，但是他不像我们。
tr	O	我摸了摸多伊尔的胳膊，而且他的皮肤摸起来很凉。
tr	I	Of course she was wearing mega bucks in jewelry , and her hair was so cute .
tr	I	I can 't believe how much I 've missed girl time and the tequila helps loosen me up .
tr	O	现场有一阵短暂的沉默，并且她向后退去看着他。
tr	O	他环顾四周，但是我却不见踪影。
tr	I	I left Preston in the kitchen as I stepped into Cage 's room and we stepped inside .
tr	O	我所能失去的只有时间，而且我不在乎那个。
tr	I	I do , but I don 't know why I trust him enough to answer him .
tr	O	我以为她一语中的，但是克莱门特摇了摇头。
tr	I	We 'd stay there , unless we took a chance and we 'd been on the back foot for so long .
tr	O	我离开的时候可能就已经知道了，但是我还是走了。
tr	I	They exchanged pleasantries and he grabbed Herman 's outstretched hand .
tr	I	The sounds of the battle grew louder , and Henry hesitated .
tr	I	She was a sturdy woman , and she felt petite beside him .
tr	I	His eyebrows pulled down in concentration and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	I have a cement jaw , but my mouth wants to move .
tr	O	他的身体颤抖减轻了，而且我想知道这是否就是他所需的一切，能让情况好转。
tr	I	Mark wished me luck , and we said our good-byes .
tr	I	I didn 't know how to relate to other kids , but my parents loved me .
tr	O	她几乎不敢相信马克斯会对她说出如此浪漫的话，但是她因为自己点亮了他家的美妙幻想而容光焕发。
tr	O	他凝视着她，但是他已经停止说话了。
tr	O	远处突然传来一声喊叫，而且几匹马开始向他们疾驰而来。
tr	O	他按响了她的公寓门铃，但是没有人回应。
tr	O	他笑了，而且那种震动感觉很好。
tr	O	他闭上了眼睛，并且那没有帮助。
tr	I	I breathe in the vanilla scent of her hair and she relaxes her head against my chest .
tr	O	第二天皮尔斯飞往德克萨斯，而且又是四天后塞琳才再次见到他。
tr	O	布列塔尼扶我站了起来，而且我们走近了自己查看。
tr	O	她张开嘴巴想回答，但是他拍了拍自己的额头。
tr	O	昨天，他们一直无精打采，而且她知道他承受了巨大的痛苦。
tr	I	The results astonished us , and we drew some blood .
tr	I	The tightly packed men were spreading out and the other soldiers were losing their discipline .
tr	O	丹尼开着他的挑战者在我们旁边，并且他轰鸣着引擎。
tr	O	他的坏笑加深了，但是他没有回应。
tr	I	His grip was relentless but she tried to wrestle free .
tr	O	他们回头看了我一眼，但是这次我没有被他们的眼神吓倒。
tr	I	I 'm on top and now the skeleton 's underneath .
tr	I	She refused to look up at him , but Graeme touched her arm .
tr	O	在他去上班之前，布拉德格外热情地吻了我，并且我从他无声却有效传达给我的话语中得到了慰藉。
tr	I	I can 't shut off my basic instinct , but I don 't like where my thoughts are heading .
tr	I	Her mind had raced on to new questions anyway , but his confirmation only deepened her guilt .
tr	I	There were tears in her eyes and she was breathing fast .
tr	O	他们中的一些人正在离开，并且他需要重新分配职责。
tr	I	You are very much alive , but I am dead , sweetheart .
tr	O	他们有地面部队，并且他们本可以把你抓走。
tr	O	我们会继续打电话，但是所有这一切都不是好兆头。
tr	I	She pulled me in close and my mom held on to my dad to stay warm .
tr	I	I 'd passed that way many times over the years , and it was just on the northern edge of the Vale .
tr	O	眼镜摘了下来，并且他饥饿的目光锁住了她的目光。
tr	I	Then she was gone , and she shot me one brief , worried glance .
tr	O	霍克迟迟才注意到索耶在等待回答，并且甚至连科林都显得很专注。
tr	I	Then I thought of you , but I wasn 't strong enough to move on .
tr	O	你已经给了我这么多，并且我想要索取更多。
tr	O	板子开始松动，并且安娜发现自己在用锤子的钩子端帮忙。
tr	I	She 'd panicked , afraid of being late and they 'd had to detour around a traffic accident .
tr	O	她需要将内森的灵魂还给他，并且她拼命想永远属于他。
tr	O	他总体来说很开心，并且短期内不会穿衬衫。
tr	O	我试着和他讲道理，并且他攻击我。
tr	I	It 's her own fault she was so indiscreet , and she can afford it , for all her fussing .
tr	I	They would 've found me , but yeah , I could 've run a hundred times over .
tr	I	It was easy to see that she was conflicted and her shoulders sagged .
tr	I	It paid the bills , but I was never rich .
tr	I	Most welcome , certainly , as is your lad ... and you are a large one .
tr	O	就待在原地，并且我会过来接你。
tr	I	Will recognized the concern on his face , and her husband , Jack Griffin , stood attentively by her side .
tr	O	她抬起头，并且我眨了眨眼。
tr	O	诺拉的美貌终于引起了他的兴趣，并且他将目光转向了她那乌黑飘逸秀发的头部。
tr	O	迈克尔对她笑了，并且她握住了他的手。
tr	O	就像昨晚从未发生过一样，但是我想知道这是否是假装的。
tr	O	这首歌听起来很熟悉，但是我却想不起来是什么歌，甚至当她把她的手放在我身上的时候。
tr	I	Suspicion darkened his steady , obsidian gaze , but Brock shook his head .
tr	I	You 're poor and I 'm rich .
tr	O	守卫总是在那里，或者说，他以前总是在那里，因为他现在肯定不在了。
tr	I	That was weeks ago and I haven 't heard from him since .
tr	I	The act of accelerating them is revolutionary , but these are no revolutionary ideas , Kane .
tr	O	再等几天，并且我们就能回去了。
tr	I	The controlled silence was even more disquieting , but Brazen expected an angry outburst at least .
tr	I	Maybe it was best that I hadn 't , but I hadn 't even given a thought to what I was to bring home to father .
tr	O	伊莲娜看着那枚美丽的戒指，并且一滴泪水从她的睫毛滑落。
tr	I	He seemed okay , but he was still by the staircase .
tr	I	He seemed trustworthy , but he pissed her off .
tr	O	它感觉很冰冷，并且她觉得那是所有事情中最糟糕的。
tr	O	你们的世界没有被摧毁，但是它们仍然遭受了巨大、巨大的破坏。
tr	I	He hadn 't even denied it , and he was the culprit .
tr	O	他们还没有去睡觉，但是他们想为自己花些时间。
tr	I	Light streamed in through the gap , and he wiped away a large flake of dried blood .
tr	I	Maybe it 'll be a Stetson laced with a red bandanna , or maybe it 'll be a vintage cloche dripping with faux peonies .
tr	I	Kaz just shook his head , looking distracted by something , but I chuckled .
tr	I	The shack was miles away from a cell phone tower but this was definitely an emergency .
tr	I	I jumped , startled by her arrival and Gee asked .
tr	I	Their reuse allows further time regression and they are currently limited in number .
tr	I	They should email the documents to you , and I 'm going to fax the contract to your agency .
tr	I	Then , after a few bars , he sang it , and he started to hum a song .
tr	I	I clung to Adonis , and my words were thick .
tr	O	空气嘶嘶地离开了他的身体，并且她笑了，舌头沿着牙齿舔过。
tr	O	我把头转开了，但是他的嘴唇仍然贴在我的脖子上。
tr	I	I was hopeful , but I didn 't know what I 'd find .
tr	I	Jason put his face against mine , and we snuggled together for a moment .
tr	O	露营大部分是免费的，并且我们晚上在露营炉上煮简单的东西。
tr	O	他们今晚待在家里看电影，但是她仍然想为他打扮得好看。
tr	I	If Persephone was telling the truth , I 'd get it eventually , and it wasn 't their fault I couldn 't control my visions .
tr	I	You have to get there early but he lets me bus tables for cash under the table .
tr	O	我简直不敢相信自己的眼睛，但是这是真的。
tr	I	He 'll never accept you , but he may love your family .
tr	I	I almost choked , and the man nodded .
tr	O	她伸了个懒腰，打了个哈欠，并且她的脚抵在了门上。
tr	I	Everybody wanted to leave the shrine at once and people panicked .
tr	I	Even though Harriet suspected she was being inquisitive to the point of rude , she approached them , and their conversation soon confirmed it .
tr	O	我脸上的血色褪去了，并且我后退了一步。
tr	O	她的乌黑长发直垂背部，并且她的晒得黝黑的橄榄色皮肤在餐厅的明亮灯光下焕发光彩。
tr	O	然后空气瞬间停止了，并且第二股冲击波从地板向上冲来。
tr	I	When we connected , her radiant face confirmed it , and I had a good idea what this was about .
tr	O	我放下手时看着亚当，并且咕嘟咕嘟的声音又消失了。
tr	O	这对夫妇没有子女可以继承土地，并且这对他们所有人来说都会好得多。
tr	I	The school board hired him to take over the lower grades at the Corinth school , and she wrote him a glowing recommendation .
tr	I	They would even get a room they had already tripped and maybe their luck would hold further .
tr	I	Aiden held on , but I started to push up .
tr	I	She knew he wouldn 't have said it unless he meant it , and he 'd not said it before now .
tr	I	I relaxed visibly and he looked back at me .
tr	O	他说了一些安抚的话，但是那不过是声音而已。
tr	O	我的眼睛一直闭着，但是我并没有睡着。
tr	I	I didn 't want to deplete the guard too much , but I thought about sending guards out to the various country estates used by the family .
tr	O	你知道我为你感到多么骄傲，但是我想要再告诉你一次，这样你就永远不会忘记。
tr	O	当我们靠近他的农场时，那男人道了歉，并且我连声感谢地跳了下来。
tr	O	寒冷一大早把我冻醒了，并且我能感觉到那种变化深入骨髓。
tr	O	他的手掌拍打在橡胶救生艇的边缘，并且他也用另一只手抓住了。
tr	I	Milos seemed to know exactly where he was going but Allie lost all sense of direction in the moonlight .
tr	O	事情通常没那么容易，但是他还是点击了它。
tr	I	She was suddenly moving , and her eyebrows flew up .
tr	O	他从来没怎么看重我，并且在我弟弟死后，他开始恨我。
tr	I	I wrapped my legs around his waist and he stood up .
tr	O	她张大了嘴，并且他沿着她脸颊内侧移动它，像牙医一样窥视着她的嘴。
tr	I	Lea didn 't seem to be the valiant type , but it wasn 't that she didn 't believe Julie .
tr	I	They could just hear an echo and some birds were singing far away .
tr	I	The news wasn 't good and they 'd all brought news .
tr	I	The directions included passing old miner 's huts , which they hadn 't done and most of the roads had no names .
tr	O	他睁大的眼睛翻了白眼，并且汗水浸透了他涨红的脸。
tr	I	She wouldn 't be surprised if it happened , but she never saw him do that to Ada .
tr	I	There were the magical ropes to contend with , Gar 's magical snare was far less easily unraveled , but the ropes were no match for her .
tr	O	他们都停在树林附近，并且她只是茫然地盯着他。
tr	I	I still can 't get ahead and I work my ass off .
tr	I	When he didn 't find anything , he moved on to the rest of the room , and Kurt searched the desk first .
tr	I	None of his Sydney friends would get a kick out of that kind of joke and he didn 't know anyone in Melbourne .
tr	I	You are going to meet some very important people in my life and we are going to be spending a lot of time together on this trip .
tr	O	她一只胳膊抱着一个粉色狗笼，并且另一只胳膊抱着一个超大号路易威登手提袋。
tr	I	The rest is up to us , but we go where they send us .
tr	I	Me as possible and when I left for California that final time , my goal had been to put as many miles between Maggie .
tr	I	He was too busy fighting back more oaths at the pain as she gently manipulated his leg , but Ned wanted to argue .
tr	I	The periphery of the shell structure had Houses dedicated to its defense line and the buildings in the palace were called Houses .
tr	O	这个念头让他震惊，但是他知道那是真的。
tr	O	一间卧室是个临时办公室，并且在另一间里，另一盏小灯还亮着。
tr	O	他们现在都死了，并且她也险些没能逃脱。
tr	I	Saber knew it and there was something wrong with Patsy 's heart .
tr	O	托尼试图开口说话，但是那些话却堵在喉咙里。
tr	O	她的思绪飞转，并且她试图看清局势。
tr	I	It was the haunting lyrics that mesmerized me , but the tune was catchy .
tr	I	I lurch at him and rage outweighs the fear .
tr	O	我想和她亲近，并且我想在光明中做这件事。
tr	O	那次谈话对她来说已经是一个小时前的事了，但是对贝丝来说才过了一分钟。
tr	I	We knew we could not leave this place anymore and the gate locked behind us .
tr	O	她的臀部随着每一步左右摇摆，并且她的胸部也在晃动。
tr	O	她因所忍受的一切而筋疲力尽，并且重新经历这一切被证明更加令人望而却步。
tr	I	At the same time , he felt a chill , but he found himself smiling as he leaned over them .
tr	I	I 've been in love with Adam Kent for years and I 'm 14 years old .
tr	I	She didn 't know what it was , and something was wrong with Zach .
tr	I	He wouldn 't release me , but I pushed at his hands .
tr	I	Now she couldn 't speak , couldn 't loop time , couldn 't even fly , but she 'd been queen of their little island world .
tr	I	Now she was gone , and she was his only dream .
tr	O	他从未觉得与他的叔叔特别亲近，对他更多的是畏惧而非真心关怀，但是现在却存在着别的东西。
tr	I	They too were long forgotten by most , but the gates were still under repair .
tr	O	比尔把手放到我的脸颊上，但是我没有靠过去。
tr	I	Clay liked it that way and Liam was a busy guy .
tr	O	她看着大卫，并且他向约翰点了点头。
tr	I	I didn 't think about it , but I noticed he seemed weaker .
tr	O	草地很舒服，并且他们很亲近。
tr	O	玛丽安已经好几天没见到他了，但是话说回来，她也很少见到他。
tr	I	Only one became apparent in my memories , but I had several dreams .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but Alice had extinguished the orb , so all I could really make out were dark blobs .
tr	I	I did , staring eagerly at him , but I was too excited to even remain in the chair .
tr	I	We 'll help you if we can , and we know what you 're dealing with .
tr	O	他仍然跟着我回家，但是我因内心的挣扎而筋疲力尽，无暇顾及。
tr	O	她在派对上与平时不同，并且这不只是她的外表。
tr	O	另一位教练跑向裁判试图叫暂停，但是已经太晚了。
tr	I	He fell into a foul unconsciousness and that calmed Deckard .
tr	I	He was paying for her services , and she was a professional , after all , with a background in massage therapy .
tr	I	She could barely see out of it and her left eye had started to swell .
tr	I	The hermit seemed to feel his thoughts , but he was unable to heave his heart into his mouth .
tr	O	杰伊做了很棒的意大利面，并且与弗兰克取得联系可能很耗时。
tr	I	He was right , but I didn 't know what I 'd thought then .
tr	O	盖伦问了，并且他的声音带着一种语气。
tr	O	我动身去拿那件被遗弃的武器，但是埃德蒙抓住了我的手臂。
tr	I	His head was spinning and his chest was tight .
tr	I	Till evening it lay golden on the land about them , and the sun had only just turned west when they started .
tr	O	每年他都抱怨自己的尊严，并且每年他都参加慈善赛跑。
tr	O	他哽咽了，但是她继续说下去。
tr	O	当他到达车旁时，一场暴雨倾泻而下，并且他打开了雨刷。
tr	I	She simply wasn 't up to the task or apparently Amelia had either forgotten her promise to her mother .
tr	I	She considered hitting cancel and her dinner sank to the pit of her stomach .
tr	O	她又踢了一脚，并且裙子裂开了。
tr	I	I know you felt something , but I acted like a Neanderthal at your apartment the other night .
tr	I	It wasn 't like Gabriel to go sit under a tree , but Kaitlyn was moving blindly toward the trees .
tr	I	It was blissfully warm inside and the car was still running .
tr	O	迪弗里斯侦探告诉我们，在她来之前或你回来之前都不要离开，尽管她不确定你是否出去了。
tr	O	我的胃翻腾起来，并且我把注意力集中在脚上，希望她不会看到我的不适。
tr	O	它的味道比闻起来的更糟，但是我强迫自己把它咽下去。
tr	I	Her final day of school had been Thursday and the students ' last day had been Wednesday .
tr	I	I saw real fear in them , and she raised her eyes to mine .
tr	I	He was about three bars shy of raising his fists , but Brian thought about fighting .
tr	O	她的椅子转了过来，并且她用坚定不移的目光盯着赛恩。
tr	I	It might just as easily been my nerves , but it could have been my armor .
tr	O	德克斯困惑地摇了摇头，但是娜娜已经朝罗米走去。
tr	O	她有一个决定要做，并且这个决定必须在今天做出。
tr	O	电话里一片寂静，并且她抿紧了嘴唇。
tr	I	It does to me , but you say what happened in the past doesn 't matter .
tr	O	佩顿的粉丝们也都在等着KO，但是方式有点不同。
tr	I	We walked in silence for a few steps , and when she finished , I did the same .
tr	I	I guess it doesn 't matter , but Dear Journal , I am not sure what day it is .
tr	I	I didn 't want that , and I 'd lose him as a friend .
tr	O	詹妮弗只睡了几个小时就来上班了，但是她后悔这个决定。
tr	O	他们经常谈论你，并且这让他们吵架。
tr	I	It makes me crazy , and she has some weird fascination with his twisted life that I don 't understand .
tr	I	I kept my mother 's name because she was worried her side of the family would die out , and Finn is my nickname .
tr	O	我们一次只能有一个人面对他，并且我是离他最近的。
tr	O	她和我记忆中一样惊艳，并且我不知道他们在谈论那件裙子什么。
tr	I	She looks at me with a question in her eyes and Echo is still chewing on the words when the last request registers .
tr	O	母亲对麦肯齐有很强烈的看法，并且他不想再听了。
tr	I	His will to resist seemed to collapse , and only this time , the side I wanted won .
tr	I	Slung her purse over her shoulder and she got out of the car .
tr	I	She 's not scared of him , but she 's afraid to spend more than a few seconds looking at Dean .
tr	I	Her outburst was still funny , but the subject is deadly serious .
tr	O	车里还有其他人影，但是他们只是模糊不清的轮廓。
tr	I	The count was much lower than desired , and we took a few minutes to inventory our ammo .
tr	I	Again , she was shocked , and he let out a quiet moan .
tr	O	门砰地关上了，并且门闩滑到位了。
tr	O	我把手指举到脸上，并且它们颤抖着。
tr	I	She reached for the form , making sure he 'd filled it out correctly and Paul set aside the pen .
tr	I	They didn 't even notice , but our teacher gave them a warning look .
tr	O	我把最重要的问题留到最后，再一个我就要像机关枪一样向她射出我狂乱的问题了。
tr	O	录音机早就关了，但是我翻阅着文件直到找到我需要的那一个。
tr	I	I 'm willing to concede that impression might be claustrophobia talking , but it seems as though we ascend for at least five minutes .
tr	I	Sensing the urgency in her voice he spread the message to the rest of them , but this caused Saul to become even more baffled .
tr	O	在他脖子上的小药瓶中，他找到了想要的溶液，并且他打湿了布。
tr	I	I laughed out loud and my mouth fel open .
tr	O	布雷克猛地往后一拽，因为戴蒙差点从座位上翻过去，但是我抓住了他的毛衣。
tr	O	普雷斯利劝她在葬礼前做了一次非处方验孕，而且她得知自己没有怀孕后略感失望。
tr	I	He couldn 't understand why they felt a need to act macho all of a sudden and they 'd never before been hostile , though .
tr	O	天气变得更加干旱，并且阳光变得更加炽热。
tr	I	The more Mathews said , the angrier he became , but at first he had just stood there , his mouth hanging open .
tr	O	她张开了嘴，但是却发不出任何声音。
tr	I	I was spiraling downward again and Hunter still couldn 't walk .
tr	O	艾娃猛地把门打开，并且我们匆忙地走了进去。
tr	O	我试图走开，但是人群把我围住了。
tr	O	他当然能感受到别人的情绪，但是有一百人的力量在他身后，他能做更多。
tr	I	It sounded sinister , but Kathy could barely follow what he was saying .
tr	I	Del a , unaffected by his ominous presence , gave Kylie a cold nudge to continue walking , but Kylie froze under his intense stare .
tr	O	奥利伸手去抓他，并且我看到了正在发生的事情。
tr	O	他的眼睛是深沉的蓝色，并且他目光低垂，看着地板，也许是以为大家都会看着他。
tr	I	She surprised me more often than not by coming home early , but she wasn 't due back until tomorrow morning .
tr	I	I want to know but I 've seen pictures .
tr	O	仅有的几幅插画很漂亮，并且泛黄的书页中只记载了一个奇怪的咒语。
tr	O	时间过得很慢，并且小屋变得越来越热。
tr	O	我点点头，感谢他们考虑我，并且会议在几分钟内就结束了。
tr	I	He teasingly blew one back , and Ali blew him a kiss .
tr	I	She saw a row of words scrawled along the wall , and a hand under her chin directed her to look up .
tr	I	There was nothing to be done , but men came running toward the body .
tr	I	Her eyes seemed to be already looking past us , but I looked toward Jenna , who was still smiling .
tr	I	He shook his head and his eyes seemed to spark to life .
tr	O	他也邀请她去农场，所以她会有人作伴，但是她拒绝了。
tr	I	These odd smiles gave Kane the greatest joys he ever knew , and she did her best to express her appreciation with a smile .
tr	I	We all pulled out our stuff , and Zach parked in a dirt lot .
tr	I	Justin followed him into his living room and Frank opened the door wider .
tr	I	It meant everything and it meant nothing .
tr	I	You can 't honestly believe that two wrongs can make a right , but I 'm sorry that you were deceived in the way you were ?
tr	I	I had an obligation to provide the best possible working environment for my pilots but purists may scream blue murder .
tr	I	It must hurt , but it 's not a big concern .
tr	I	I arrived back at the kill site pulling my homemade two-wheeled game cart , and Round trip took over an hour .
tr	I	He announced that she was his wife and the tribe was scandalized when they returned .
tr	O	你让我做这个，并且我不会杀你。
tr	I	She knew the pain he could cause if she hesitated and Murdoch kept a strong grip on her arm just above the elbow .
tr	O	我怒视着他，并且他羞愧地低下了头。
tr	I	I must insist that you leave at once , and I am the matron here , young man !
tr	O	她试图怒视，但是杰克在她看着阿彻时能看到她眼中温暖的光芒。
tr	O	我静止了，因为这种感觉是新的，并且他稍微退后，向下看。
tr	O	我们尝到了血，并且我们想要更多。
tr	O	我试图抓住她的手，但是她已经按了门铃。
tr	O	她碧绿的眼睛穿透了我的灵魂，并且她一丝不苟。
tr	I	Gareth lacked the energy to argue with her today , and they were at a stalemate .
tr	I	When her words were met with only a heavy silence , she turned to see that Peter had paused before the statue , and Emma asked .
tr	O	那个壮汉当然有这个力气，并且利奥身上有些东西暗示了这一点。
tr	O	我再次后退了，并且它恢复了原来的位置。
tr	I	Many times broke the concentration of the musicians ' spells and the explosions of Aros 's firearms added to the confusion .
tr	O	我抬头看着埃文，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	I	Grandma reads him messages from hers , but my grandpa doesn 't have an email account .
tr	O	没有人能未经预约进入这个办公室，并且这些预约通常需要提前数月预订。
tr	I	Mandy 's instincts now played a crucial role , too , but thus , more frequent trips were needed .
tr	I	She 'd will herself to obey and she was a stubborn person .
tr	O	他抚摸着她，用指背轻柔地沿着她的乳房侧面抚摸，并且塔玛拉吸了一口气。
tr	I	She would be at the center of it , and she knew the halls were going to be buzzing with rumors the next day .
tr	I	Now Trevor had popped back into her mind , and talking about Kristy was choking her up enough .
tr	I	I 'm glad of it and she let me hold her .
tr	O	托马斯听到巴斯蒂安在电话里咒骂，但是他已经把电话移回门口了。
tr	O	沉重的脚步声充满了走廊，并且黑曜石灼伤了我的皮肤。
tr	I	My throat has gone tight , but he 's expecting a retort back .
tr	I	He didn 't want to , but he knew he had to .
tr	O	我走了四个街区才意识到外面很冷，而且我的脚趾，在人字拖里没有得到很好的保护，感觉像冰块。
tr	I	She used a crooked tree branch to support her weight and this witch was bent over .
tr	O	它关了，并且这东西可以开火了。
tr	O	她试图漫不经心地问他，但是却变成了低声耳语。
tr	O	村庄映入眼帘，并且希安加快了马的速度。
tr	O	我们将沿着最洁白的海岸线走，并且水是晶莹剔透的蓝色。
tr	I	I smiled , liking the effect I had on her and a little shiver jerked her body .
tr	O	我爱过维多利亚，但是我开始爱上凯拉了。
tr	O	西南方的天空是深蓝色，几乎是黑色，并且低沉的云层向我们压来。
tr	O	她为自己差点在他的生活中扮演一个伤心人的角色而感到难过，但是她最终知道这一切都是为了更好。
tr	I	He sighed as he was left alone , and the door to the apartment pounded shut .
tr	I	When he pulled it from the bag , he handed it to her smiling , but she started to turn up her nose .
tr	I	They tried , but they didn 't succeed , of course .
tr	I	I dared hope that the only thing she 'd heard was Duncan 's hasty photosynthesis excuse , and Emma didn 't so much as glance my way .
tr	O	树木繁茂的山谷里的阴影是一种朦胧的蓝色，并且阳光在波浪上闪烁。
tr	O	我十五岁，并且他二十一岁。
tr	I	Her emotions were too raw and he was too exhausted .
tr	I	There are enough weapons here for a small army , but she didn 't tell me everything .
tr	I	She decided to stay with her husband , but he tried to convince her to leave him .
tr	I	I don 't want to use you , but I just want to forget .
tr	O	艾利克斯又对他笑了笑，并且凯尔觉得她的笑容确实很美。
tr	I	The park has taken on a decidedly creepy vibe , and the sun has fully set now .
tr	I	I didn 't need to hear him say it , and I was very aware of what we weren 't .
tr	O	莎拉的父母在加纳，并且她有一个哥哥在马里兰州。
tr	I	They had to compensate , and they were at a lower speed than if they were reentering from actual space .
tr	I	It didn 't , but I waited for the soothing cold caress of death to come .
tr	I	The doors keep my enemies out , and the sun can 't touch me .
tr	I	Sabrina lifted a shoulder in response , and Isaac looked from Marie to Sabrina in confusion .
tr	I	Neither of them knew anything about the lock , but the study door was solid oak , plenty strong .
tr	O	安格斯已经放开了我，并且我希望他保持人形。
tr	O	他离开后我妈妈立刻去找他了，但是她回来告诉我她没找到他。
tr	O	他做的事情是错的，但是暴力并非总是解决之道。
tr	O	玛雅试图将目光从墙壁上水箱里被困的人类身上移开，但是这一切太可怕了，无法忽视。
tr	I	She made us promise not to tell ours either , and she didn 't tell her friends what Ben did .
tr	O	我的心沉到了谷底，并且我感到恶心。
tr	I	Our conversation lulled as I approached my door , and scarlet heat consumed my face with each step up the stairs .
tr	I	He smiled at me , and my breathing sped up .
tr	O	生活就这样继续了，并且每个人都迷失了自己吗？
tr	O	她向前挥舞着手臂，仿佛要叫他，但是对她来说，这就像对着一个聋子说话。
tr	O	这绝不是我期望自己会身处的位置，而且我深入反思了自己的悲惨境况。
tr	I	Lydia paused , wondering and her little laugh didn 't get a response .
tr	O	我的床上铺着同样的紫色鸭绒被，并且上面有一个放着半块吃过的饼干的盘子，正在发霉。
tr	O	我很感激这份心意，但是我觉得很荒谬。
tr	O	那些是佩特没有说出口的话，但是它们似乎仍然在空气中徘徊。
tr	I	He did not see , holding his head in his hands , but at the gate , the procession passed Beorn like a wake .
tr	I	We 'd be clearly visible from the air but there were rocks where we could cross over .
tr	O	永恒的宇宙充满着无尽的死亡，并且他们是那个宇宙的永恒收割者。
tr	O	他已经怀疑伴侣羁绊已经成长了数月，但是他一直不肯承认它。
tr	I	I admired the buildings , and the taxi driver stopped at the light at one of the boulevards .
tr	I	She hadn 't ruled him out as a suspect quite yet , but she didn 't have any evidence that he 'd hurt Sutton .
tr	O	奎因的眼中泪水涌动，并且那些泪水蕴含着十几种不同的情感。
tr	O	她能看出尼古拉斯对大多数人来说可能令人生畏，但是她现在对他相当了解了。
tr	I	Old habits die hard , but I have largely forgotten my mother 's faith .
tr	I	While Ireland struck my sister 's fancy , for me , it was Scotland , and I wanted to study in Europe too .
tr	I	I get the impression that that 's because he can 't , but he doesn 't say anything .
tr	I	That was fine with him , and the need to feed prevented speaking .
tr	I	I thought maybe he would give up , and he didn 't come back the rest of the week .
tr	O	她因他动作的迅速而倒吸一口气，但是她没有立刻逃走。
tr	I	Tiredness pulled at her , and her steps were slow .
tr	I	She was able to relax again and he left the conference room .
tr	O	围栏里的人们现在都四散奔逃，并且他们一大群人恐慌地涌了出来。
tr	I	Now it wrenched at the thought that she must leave his world now , possibly never to see him again , and her heart had betrayed her .
tr	I	We both watch the drinks waiter make his way back to the bar and she nods .
tr	I	She didn 't make a sound but Carrie 's hand tightened on his belt loop .
tr	O	菲尔兹警官是这起事件的唯一目击者，并且他太害怕了，不敢向他的上级报告细节。
tr	I	He was let go from his stunt job two days ago , and he 's not staying where he told the girlfriend he was .
tr	O	我没心情，但是这本应是件有趣的事。
tr	I	Now it was a waiting game , and they had given Lia fresh clothes to change into .
tr	O	埃德喊了起来，但是他的声音被盖过了。
tr	I	Already Trevor 's body had started to become a distant memory and she had only been here a week .
tr	I	There 's a subtle pigmentation on her skin from some kind of long-lasting skin dye , and she 's probably wearing contact lenses .
tr	I	She would go back to Seattle and in a few hours Rush would return to his ship .
tr	O	我应该去我的储物柜看看，但是我不会和这个分开。
tr	O	我把包扔进了豪华轿车，并且丹尼开车送我去取。
tr	I	Her humming had escalated to moans , and the girl was now flinging her wild hair from side to side .
tr	I	I let out a small squeak in pain and he let my foot fall .
tr	I	He says no and I ask him if he 's French .
tr	O	他只好选择皱眉，但是这感觉还远远不够作为惩罚。
tr	I	It was the wrong kind , but Fruit was inside .
tr	O	他跪着，但是努力想重新站起来。
tr	O	我跑不过他们，而且无处可藏。
tr	I	A Steinway baby grand stood gleaming beneath one window , and paintings of desert flowers hung on the walls .
tr	I	That is a very sadly misplaced lie , and because ruling them implies that we are greater than them .
tr	I	He has that annoying smirk on his face and he is the one playing the master stroke .
tr	O	佐伊从停车练习回来时心情很糟，而且我祈祷她没有撞到什么东西。
tr	O	米奇仍然看起来准备要揍他，但是兰德却用一种新的尊重眼神看着他。
tr	O	她在他的怀里动了动，而且盖伊意识到他抓着她让她不舒服。
tr	O	我离开了你，但是我不会再这样做了。
tr	O	空气中现在有了一种变化，而且他们之间总是突然出现的不适感已经消退成某种致命的严肃。
tr	O	她的手捂住了嘴，并且她转向了她的父亲。
tr	O	这会让她心碎，并且她知道尤金妮亚会很震惊。
tr	O	督察看着炖菜，并且他的胃翻腾起来。
tr	I	They had decided to take a wild gamble on scaring Gabrielle into going public about the affair , and the White House was desperate .
tr	O	我的大脑边缘感到麻木，但是我继续向前，结结巴巴地说着。
tr	I	I had left things , even if they 'd ostensibly been friendly and I didn 't like the way he .
tr	O	我冲她喊叫，但是她没有回头。
tr	O	她可能不想被困在他们的阴影中，但是他们仍然是她最好的朋友。
tr	O	他们短暂接触的效果让他的绑腿绷紧，并且他在马背上的姿势很不舒服。
tr	I	He appeared surprised when I failed to be effected but he tried to overpower me , looming over me .
tr	I	I had killed her , and Snow White was dead .
tr	I	Phoebe refused , but it was a kind offer .
tr	I	He watched her until she was safely inside before driving off and they hugged goodbye .
tr	O	我站在他身后，并且查普也一样。
tr	I	This time he was seriously pissed off , but he doesn 't get mad very often .
tr	O	威尔以前从未晕倒过，但是现在他向右猛地倾斜，仿佛被抛入大海一般。
tr	I	It 's so perfect and Dante kisses my hair .
tr	I	He falls asleep and I rub his head until his breathing slows .
tr	I	She was no longer their little girl , but her parents would recognize her .
tr	I	I don 't know what they mean , but people talk about the pain of grief .
tr	I	The wall of minions blocked my way , but I tried to step back .
tr	O	她的脸颊泛红，并且她有一头深棕色的头发。
tr	I	Then no one could see her either , but there were so many leaves that she couldn 't see much .
tr	I	Wayne pulled the door shut behind them and they stepped back out into the sunshine .
tr	I	I knew the moment he died , but I left before they killed him .
tr	I	It takes the boats nearly three days to get there , and it is nearly two hundred miles down river to Montreal .
tr	O	我只需要和塔利斯单独待十分钟，而且我似乎就是无法获得一个机会。
tr	I	The tear broke apart the pack 's printed mountain scenery to show corrugated cardboard , and the pack 's handle was ripped .
tr	O	泰森向前倾身，而我闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	没有任何事情重要，除了夺走她爪下的生命。
tr	O	她声音中隐约的淫笑足以表明她的意思，也表明她对我和野兽之间关系的揣测。
tr	O	她僵住了，并且他已经能感觉到担忧从她身上散发出来。
tr	I	The cards were already on the table of life and the seats were taken .
tr	I	The first job was to feed the cows , and McBride went out of the house with Andrei .
tr	I	When he opened his eyes everything was a funny shade of green , and the impact knocked the wind out of him .
tr	I	Sarah struggled to regain her balance , and the hand on her shoulder was instantly released .
tr	I	Her horse slowed to a stop , a few feet away from the cliff edge , and she pulled hard on the reins .
tr	I	Payton blocked with the left arm , but the opponent attempted to attack with a right hook .
tr	O	快到高峰时段了，并且几辆公交车在航站楼外排成一列。
tr	I	I didn 't look up , but he leaned forward , trying to catch my eye .
tr	O	他的眼睛呆滞，并且表情模糊，好像他正从深沉的睡眠中浮出。
tr	I	I gagged at his foul breath , and he sprayed the last word across my face .
tr	O	我会成功的，并且他们会帮助我。
tr	O	她的嘴巴保持张开，但是没有话语发出。
tr	I	Then she lost her sanity as he ran his hands through her hair , and she lost her espadrilles .
tr	I	I see it moving in slow motion , but it comes back to me in high speeds .
tr	I	It passed quickly but he looked almost normal for a moment .
tr	I	Once she had it all brushed out , it shined in the light , and it was dark , the color of chestnuts .
tr	O	此后没有人见过店员，并且不可能证实他的故事。
tr	O	他八个月大就会走路了，而且他现在不打算被人摆布。
tr	O	她床边的电话在响，并且看了一眼时钟告诉她现在是凌晨三点。
tr	I	I had a few other things on my mind , but something in his voice didn 't bring me comfort .
tr	I	If Violet could find a buyer , they could all do well out of it and this old house could be worth something .
tr	I	My heart stopped and I gazed to my right .
tr	O	他几秒钟内就站了起来，并且我躲开了他出拳的尝试。
tr	O	他站了起来，并且我与他一起站着。
tr	O	没错，她喜欢麦克的父亲，但是他仍然是某种隐士。
tr	I	Either way he was dead , but it might have been aiming for his heart .
tr	O	她的舞台是芝加哥，而且她是明星。
tr	I	Of course there was no problem and to tell him she was kidding .
tr	I	The Marines hurried outside and the shuttle landed smoothly .
tr	O	我的包满了，但是我清楚它的重量。
tr	O	他慢慢地转过身，而且当他最终意识到是我时，他的眼睛睁得大大的。
tr	O	噪音从四面八方在她耳边轰鸣，而且她不确定哪些声音属于哪个人。
tr	O	雨在夜里某个时候停了，但是巨大的乌云仍然笼罩着他们。
tr	I	Ropes stretched and cables creaked .
tr	I	I couldn 't touch her , and I would be leaving soon .
tr	O	我看着他的黑发在微风中舞动，他走向舞台中央等候的麦克风。
tr	I	Circulated among the same people she did and he was the brother of one of her best friends .
tr	O	人类从不知道这个地方存在，而且他们几乎不接待访客，除非他们是魔法起源的。
tr	O	他们对视了一秒钟，并且楼梯上就传来了一阵脚步声。
tr	I	He stuck to his guns with grim determination , but she might not have if Darius had wavered .
tr	O	谈话在她身边盘旋，但是她没有加入。
tr	O	她往旧点唱机里投了几枚硬币，并且很快一阵不规则的节拍便从墙壁上传来。
tr	O	我的目光向下扫去，但是奥利弗已经停止尖叫。
tr	I	He may think twice if she is married , and vampires are likely to be old-fashioned .
tr	O	他只是在销声匿迹之后又回到你的生活中，并且你接受了他。
tr	I	It began again and there was a momentary pause .
tr	O	我很快就会去山脊，并且我想没有理由回来。
tr	O	我的脸皱了一下，但是我没有移开视线。
tr	O	他启动了通信控制台，并且探险者们安静下来倾听。
tr	O	我不会细说，但是我们都有理由不想让妈妈知道我们一直在做什么。
tr	I	She pulled back , and he reached for it .
tr	O	曼迪的脸涨得更红了，并且她立刻感到发热，不知道如何处理这种情况。
tr	O	他的眼神变得冷峻，并且他转过身去。
tr	O	冰茶也很好喝，并且我的是不加糖的，正是我喜欢的方式。
tr	O	这很奇怪，但是当她进入故事时，阿斯特丽德发现讲起来更容易了。
tr	O	我没通过番茄酱这一关，并且赞德也不会。
tr	O	她只会被害，并且他会逍遥法外。
tr	I	Then he left , and we exchanged a few more pleasantries .
tr	O	孩子们在修剪整齐的草坪上相互追逐，并且几位年长的客人坐在一簇美丽的白杨树下的软垫铁凳上。
tr	I	I always will and I always have .
tr	I	I rolled onto my side , situating my hands beneath the pillow and I was exhausted from lying awake all night .
tr	I	He had to choose his battles here , but his coffee just might be worth fighting for .
tr	O	我扫描房间寻找我把刀放在哪里，这时我注意到床头柜是空的，并且我的心跳停止了。
tr	I	He lounged beside me , and I made a humming noise that meant I didn 't care .
tr	O	他们在那外面，并且他们将被阻止。
tr	I	Her shoulder is dislocated and her pelvis is fractured .
tr	O	他说过他想在她父母在英国的时候见她，但是他从没说过他想见她的父母。
tr	I	I wanted him to say something , but I shouldn 't have been surprised .
tr	I	Spencer giggled , and Ian spoke .
tr	O	我所在的树没有比我现在的位置高多少，并且我知道我需要爬得更高。
tr	I	She felt embarrassed the whole time so she didn 't say much and she said it was really awkward .
tr	I	She moved wantonly against his cock , and her legs tightened around his waist .
tr	I	He didn 't want to get Becky in trouble , and he thought he knew what had happened .
tr	O	特丽问她觉得这房子怎么样，并且琵琶高兴起来了。
tr	O	他头上戴着一顶蓝色纸帽，并且他的床上有一个吹成五指气球的乳胶手套。
tr	I	Even he wasn 't cruel enough to hurt her when she was injured , but he 'd wanted to punish her for what she 'd done .
tr	I	She was giving me money , and she was working hard , getting no salary .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do , and the mud was even more slippery .
tr	I	The creatures themselves looked so harmless , but certainly the uniforms were very intimidating .
tr	I	That would take him down a path he wasn 't certain he wanted to go , but he wanted to just tell her .
tr	I	The little ball of stress that was starting to form in my chest loosened and Aspen laughed .
tr	O	格琳达的女儿很年轻，但是她有自由的灵魂。
tr	I	You did , but I didn 't .
tr	I	I jerked slightly and beside me , one of the guards touched my elbow .
tr	I	He would have known or he must be new .
tr	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且他慢慢地吞咽着。
tr	I	It was a crime not to heed a royal summons , but for a second I didn 't want to answer him .
tr	O	他摇了摇头，并且他的眼睛合上了。
tr	I	She could hardly move for compliments , and Henrietta had men all around her .
tr	O	当伊恩指示司机在港口左转时，这个问题就毫无疑问地解决了，并且我看到我们右边有麦当劳餐厅。
tr	O	这种药可能让她暂时感到困惑，但是她能做她必须做的任何事。
tr	I	She hadn 't lead him to believe otherwise , and she just wasn 't interested in anything other than an informal interview .
tr	O	当高空钢索对我来说太难时，我感到脚下打滑了，并且我就掉了下去。
tr	I	It sure as hell made me feel better , but wishing him death wasn 't going to give me closure .
tr	I	We both failed , and I met Alistair in battle .
tr	I	Simon 's remark had proved her wrong but she thought she had things under control .
tr	I	The third appeared to have reversed out but the second vehicle had turned round at that point .
tr	I	It makes my chest ache and I don 't know what 's wrong with her .
tr	O	它的混浊表面有什么东西搅动起来了，并且一个影像开始成形。
tr	O	我不想让她帮忙做家务，但是我确实让她做了一些园艺工作。
tr	O	莉兹总是没看说明书就使用新设备，但是他却更加谨慎。
tr	O	凯尔，他的骄傲很重要，但这并非他的全部。
tr	O	阴影从上方笼罩了他们两人，导致德莱顿安静下来，眼睛也睁大了。
tr	O	我踉跄着向后跌倒，并且神谕者消失在奇怪的被遗忘者堆下。
tr	I	They were running thin , but he 'd dodged going to see her by using multiple excuses .
tr	O	我能看到安格斯的手仍然被三叉戟灼烧着，并且甚至比娅也注意到了。
tr	I	They were all naturally straight , and Fisher had clean teeth , to my surprise .
tr	I	He was as good as his word , but I must say I expected a real cat fight to get to this point .
tr	O	莱尔本意是开个玩笑，但是它惨败了。
tr	O	他们现在可以毫无畏惧地前往波因特了，并且达莉亚会在那里与他们交谈。
tr	I	In many parts only the foundations of the grand , ancient buildings remained , but some parts of the city had large chunks of incomplete elvish architecture .
tr	I	I was positive that hate wasn 't for me anymore but Hayes may have hate in his eyes at the moment .
tr	I	It had done enough , but her power was gone .
tr	O	这是一种严酷的惩罚，但是是我应得的。
tr	O	史蒂文的心情正在迅速变化，并且他开始真正享受这个夜晚。
tr	O	没有标签表明这件商品属于商店，并且我撞到了她——更可能是她掉了它。
tr	I	I watched as she locked her door and my headlights shone brightly onto her home .
tr	I	If they wanted , they could mow us down , but we could 've run back from where we came .
tr	O	我可能喜欢当一只狼，但是 我不想以那种形态度过余生。
tr	O	邦妮得以和玛丽特一起体验吃了一部分，并且 味道很好。
tr	I	Her family killed and that 's how Tracy was almost taken .
tr	O	他的下巴动了动，但是 他保持了沉默。
tr	I	The bellowing was cut short with each slam , and a series of crashing noises filled the passage .
tr	I	I got a glimpse of a smile , as if I 'd said something smart , and she nodded .
tr	O	我知道她的意思，但是 我想让她详细说明。
tr	I	Alan nodded but James shook his head .
tr	O	我告诉他他不必那样做，我可以帮忙，但是 他似乎没有在听我说话。
tr	I	I really didn 't trust that feeling , and Warmth had traveled up my arm .
tr	O	伊森曾把我从死亡中救了出来，但是 卡洛斯曾从迈克尔·多诺万那里偷走了生命。
tr	I	It 's Mr. Jenkins standing there and we look up from the floor .
tr	I	The vampires around us backed up , widening the open circle in which we stood , and was called by someone in the crowd .
tr	O	我势头正盛，并且 将没有人能阻止我。
tr	I	It happened too fast , but she tried to stop what came next .
tr	O	当它没有完全脱落时，他会咆哮，并且 然后我们就会走向床边。
tr	O	我做对了一些事，但是 我不知道是什么。
tr	O	她感到力不从心，并且 她所能做的只是原地划水。
tr	I	He tilted his head slightly , baring his throat , and then his eyes flicked to one side .
tr	I	I believe him now , and he has always said family was his priority .
tr	O	沙哑的声音又回到了男人的喉咙，并且 她迅速把脚移开，随着粘液溅到了地板上。
tr	O	多萝西娅拍了拍手，并且 房间里变得一片寂静。
tr	I	It 's bent badly , and it 's your scope .
tr	O	他咆哮得更响了，并且 我们脚下的地面不安地隆隆作响。
tr	I	When he spoke his voice was dangerous and Colin regarded him carefully .
tr	O	我们承接了大部分案件，但是 有时候事情并不像人们最初想象的那么糟糕。
tr	O	他们仍然在那该死的套房客厅里，并且 加勒特知道他们永远也到不了卧室了。
tr	O	他的手盖住了我的手，并且 那只是一只手。
tr	O	门开了，并且一个身影走了进来。
tr	I	These were not tiny cuts , and I could have made her bleed out from just a tiny cut .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to like it , and if so , I 'd have to confess this to Pa .
tr	O	我们是战士，而且我们大多数人在达到大师地位之前就消失了。
tr	I	The paint is so chipped that it 's hard to tell what color the building is supposed to be , and the stairs creak loudly .
tr	O	噩梦引起的压力比普通梦境大得多，而且通常处理这种情况的时间也少得多。
tr	O	他选择了自己的行动，并且那决定了他的命运。
tr	O	她没有时间开家庭会议，而且他们去查理比赛已经迟到了。
tr	O	疯狂随时可能降临，而且尽管你能控制它，但这不意味着你将能够做到。
tr	O	我们的女服务员给我们续杯，并且我看着布兰德。
tr	I	All the blue is gone from her eyes , and she raises her head after that last hit .
tr	I	The King never knew , and indeed I had often seen him look at the King like that .
tr	O	在她曾经胃部的位置有一种不舒服的沉重感，但是其他地方却有一种奇怪的、空灵的失重感。
tr	I	The children began playing with the dog , and Buddy handed the puppy back to Paul .
tr	I	Else I wouldn 't have considered taking you on a horseback ride with me , or you will be fine .
tr	O	毫无疑问这已经足够令人愉快了，但是这不是我们来这里的原因。
tr	O	她让我很开心，并且我希望当时在她身上也看到了同样的情绪。
tr	I	Once he removed his navy parka , I hung it up , and we walked into the foyer together .
tr	I	She couldn 't do that to her father and that would be breaking her word .
tr	I	At least he believed it , or the man was really dying .
tr	O	他没有我的能力，但是他是宙斯。
tr	I	He knew better , but he tried telling himself it was because she still had a job to do for him .
tr	O	睡眠很容易获得，但是很难维持。
tr	I	The mood seemed right to just start in and there were no questions .
tr	I	It wasn 't the emptiness and it wasn 't the quiet .
tr	O	布伦南很快有场演出，并且我也将在场。
tr	I	He wanted to get back as quickly as possible and there 's only two trains from London tomorrow .
tr	O	约翰挂断了电话，并且丹尼给拉斐尔打了电话。
tr	O	这似乎是一个可怕的炼狱，并且他已经变了。
tr	O	她知道那些曾让她厌恶的事情这一事实，促使他战胜了那种反感，并且他相信他应该胜利。
tr	I	Her fangs sprang from her gums , and more pain twisted in her gut .
tr	I	I startled , and Evan asked .
tr	O	餐厅员工们已经听说温克勒收购了维多利亚的传闻，并且桌边服务也毫不懈怠。
tr	O	他们知道她对他产生了影响，但是因为他好几个月没提过她，他们也就放下了。
tr	I	It didn 't speed up , and Time didn 't slow down .
tr	O	我从未被推土机碾过，但是我感觉自己明白那是什么滋味。
tr	O	罗莎一直把我当亲侄女一样对待，并且我像莎拉一样关心她。
tr	O	我们得小心，必须在他们派出无人机近距离拍摄识别我们之前，或者在他们派出气垫船之前离开。
tr	I	Her hair is flopped over , and her arms are hanging down under the table .
tr	O	我保持安静，伴随着他那不平稳的脚步声在洞穴中回荡，并且最后，除了火堆的噼啪声，一切都归于寂静。
tr	O	他们相遇的刺激感一直在升级，并且他欣然屈服于那前所未有的默契，陶醉于那压倒性的吸引力。
tr	I	The hammock hung in its place and the launch would be lowered .
tr	O	他的嘴唇坚定地压上我的，并且他把我的下唇含在他的双唇之间。
tr	I	A servant entered , carrying a tray and there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	It was sometimes frightening and now she was alone .
tr	O	这是我第一次意识到我妻子正在忍受的绝望有多深，并且我对我发起的争吵感到作呕。
tr	I	Cara prayed for strength , and Ella winked at her .
tr	I	He fell asleep , and Exhaustion overcame discomfort .
tr	I	Finally they sold me to the Sky Raiders , and I was traded a couple of times .
tr	I	He squeezed her fingers , and she patted his hand .
tr	I	I can share something I learned with another being but I know it wasn ´ t exactly my idea .
tr	I	Her cheeks filled with air , as though a word was ballooning behind them , and then her eyes bulged .
tr	I	He didn 't mind taking some punishment as long as he enjoyed the fight , and he was competitive .
tr	O	她很疯狂，但是她让他们着了魔。
tr	O	我撞了桌子，并且它在我身下坍塌。
tr	O	康斯坦斯肯定会给我打信号，但是她在房间的另一边，够不着我。
tr	I	She followed quietly , and he rounded the keep .
tr	O	她翻了个白眼，但是她总是明白的。
tr	I	He yanked the shifter away from Holly , and his hands locked around Saul 's shoulders .
tr	I	Elaina knew better , but he looked doubtful .
tr	I	I hadn 't forgotten what that felt like yet , and Death was part of being human .
tr	I	I stumbled backward and I hit the solid , yet invisible , force field with a loud crack .
tr	I	Chloe 's eyes swiveled back to Murder , and far away the scream of an engine came to her .
tr	I	Pink Teddy 's , and her only hope .
tr	I	His laughter , too , echoed across the lake , and he laughed then .
tr	O	我不怎么认识伊薇特的家人，但是我见过她的孙女几次。
tr	O	然后查尔斯又和我在一起了，并且比尔紧随其后。
tr	I	She blushed madly , nearly diving behind Garrett 's broad shoulders and all eyes went in her direction .
tr	I	It made the hair on our necks stand up , but I don 't know how else to describe it to you .
tr	I	She didn 't know how well they could do outside of it , but it was obvious they had no problem in the bedroom .
tr	I	He got them wet and he then grabbed a few paper towels .
tr	I	I have a few things to ask you and see what 's been going on .
tr	I	You were incredible , and it was awesome !
tr	O	看到你的鸟捕获猎物仍然令人兴奋，并且今天没有带狗过来确实很不错。
tr	I	Something inside of me must 've snapped , but I wasn 't sure what happened .
tr	I	She couldn 't make herself look away and Regret seemed to fill his green eyes .
tr	O	她现在会更加警惕，更难攻击，并且他的反击不会再次成功。
tr	O	她尖叫起来，无法自制，并且她的哭声被潮湿吞噬了。
tr	O	它真的非常微弱，但是我还是听到了。
tr	O	乐队还没有上台，但是我 Knew he was close 我知道他就在附近。
tr	I	The light in my eyes was gone , and the corners of my mouth hung lazily .
tr	O	它看起来不像玩具，但是小男孩用不着枪。
tr	O	她再也回不去了，但是她想往前走。
tr	I	Her voice was arctic and Dee looked at me .
tr	I	Pearl closed her eyes enjoyed the moment and the touch of his lips on hers was electric .
tr	I	I couldn 't care , but I leap , swinging , hands ripping on the harsh bark .
tr	O	一抹愉悦的微笑滑过公爵的唇边，并且他身体前倾，同时将目光落在她的胸部。
tr	I	Alki was beginning to creep above the horizon and Rega was much higher in the sky now .
tr	O	那是一场光明正大、公平的死斗，并且那也是他无法控制的事情。
tr	O	我们争夺枪的控制权，并且我看着朱尔斯跑去拿球棒。
tr	O	其中一支枪砰地一声走了火，并且一组烧杯在我身边碎裂。
tr	I	She shivered , walking faster to get her body warm and her legs were cold .
tr	I	I only own a few DVDs , and I don 't go out much .
tr	O	有许多奇妙的冒险在等着你，而且你将完成远超你想象的事情。
tr	I	He called the home number he found on her file but he hated to do it .
tr	I	Harlow rolled her eyes and the bedroom door opened .
tr	I	As she looked back at Dane , she had connected with him , and she felt the ground beneath her -- a true connection to it .
tr	I	There was no romance but our lost weekend together was like a trip to another dimension .
tr	O	她曾希望那个女孩在这里工作更长时间，然后再把她安排进饲养员计划，但是那是在亨利出现之前。
tr	O	他得赶紧跑掉，并且他希望他跑的时候他们没有在看。
tr	O	她和每个人握了手，包括我，并且她紧紧地握住了我的手。
tr	O	不是为了我，敏想说，但是爸爸继续说。
tr	O	我带他去打猎，这样他就能发泄一下，但是他不谈论这件事。
tr	I	His hands are clenched into fists and his shoulders are stiff .
tr	I	The flies had already migrated from the child 's corpse to check out this new taste sensation , and a pool of vomit explained the stink .
tr	I	Now wasn 't the time to bring up her other problems , and the conversation hadn 't gone as smoothly as he 'd hoped .
tr	I	Vincent could see the genuine concern in his eyes , but he slouched , his body language one of nonchalance .
tr	O	在小门处一个哨兵走过来打开它，并且他弯腰穿过。
tr	O	霍利迪皱紧了眉头，而且她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	O	那个男人踢了我的膝盖，并且我瘫倒在地。
tr	I	He really needed to think , and there wasn 't much time .
tr	I	When she came back , she showed us all her fantastic photographs and my aunt Cecilia had visited Scotland years ago .
tr	I	Her arms stole around his waist and she sagged against him in relief .
tr	I	She was thankful to him and Kelly had a feeling he wanted to keep her talking to calm her nerves .
tr	O	他轻咬了她的后颈，并且她闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	埃利奥特在想着他们的儿子，而她一直在想着性。
tr	I	She kept pulling me , but I shook my head .
tr	I	By the looks of it , Leo had been too late , but Leo had sent him with me to save him from Ursula .
tr	O	一种紧张的胜利感在她内心升起，但是她把它压了下去，希望他看不见。
tr	O	这有点严厉，但是这是一个准确的评估。
tr	O	没人能再阻止他们了，并且他们径直跑到放置圣彼得雕像的中心点。
tr	O	他的手把她牢牢地按在原地，但是艾斯丽不想去任何地方。
tr	O	我的手握成拳头，并且我走向文森特。
tr	I	I was glad he was prepared , even if it bothered me a little bit but I wasn 't sure what I thought about that .
tr	O	他一定很可疑，否则她会像解雇几乎所有人那样解雇他。
tr	O	看到他为这件事如此纠结，我的心软了下来，并且我点了点头。
tr	O	这是她的生活，而且她本该现在就享受它。
tr	O	分娩时有如此病态的想法，但是这就是发生在瑞秋身上的事情。
tr	I	For the first time in eight months , I fall into a peaceful sleep and I shut my eyes .
tr	O	我试着甩开我的手，但是我的手像胶水一样粘在她的手上。
tr	I	She wondered what he was thinking , and his eyes were watching her .
tr	I	I felt just awful that he was right and he had warned me that this would happen .
tr	O	我知道事情有多危险，但是当你在保护中长大时，我认为你会变得粗心。
tr	I	Her pupils expanded to almost obliterate her green irises and her breath caught .
tr	I	I didn 't want to be tempted now , when I felt weak , and I had stopped .
tr	I	My mind had just gone off into space , but I knew I should say ... something .
tr	O	我们能看到你祖父躺卧的地方，并且有证据显示有人在他旁边跪着。
tr	O	他坚硬的勃起物弹了出来，并且当她的手伸向它时，他咒骂了一声。
tr	O	戴安娜看着他，并且他犹豫了。
tr	O	我没认出这个号码，但是我还是接了它。
tr	O	我轻轻地踢了他的脚，但是他仍然没醒。
tr	O	许多商品都很短缺，但是他们至少有足够的食物。
tr	O	我气得全身颤抖，并且我无法抑制声音中怒火的颤抖。
tr	I	That didn 't change the fact of what I 'd almost done , but true , he might 've deserved it .
tr	O	热泪充满了我的眼睛，但是我拒绝让它们落下。
tr	O	他可能会倒下，但是他会尽可能多地带走这些残忍的官员。
tr	O	小小的门厅弥漫着氯气消毒剂的味道，并且一片寂静。
tr	I	He did not respond , but Raphael 's eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Suddenly I could breathe again , and immediately I smiled in relief .
tr	O	达格玛再次躲过法尔忙碌的双手，并且穿过大厅里的人群。
tr	O	我牺牲了周边视野，但是这比让摄像机清晰地拍到我的脸要好。
tr	O	瑞奇巡视该区域时，一股熟悉的味道唤醒了他的潜意识，并且他注意到了院子后面那个空的狗屋。
tr	O	你在里面脸色开始发灰，并且我几乎看不清你的真面目。
tr	I	No more than he would have upon entering any new environment , she decided , but he was showing some interest now .
tr	O	卢卡斯最后一个爬进去，并且他们正在去机场的路上。
tr	I	It was not dark , but it was the same place as before .
tr	I	Then he meets me in the room , and Realm stopped to wash his face .
tr	I	Being alone in the coach , they kissed , and it was impossible to resist the attraction any longer .
tr	O	基利感到不忠，但是在这件事上她同意了庄园主。
tr	O	风已经平息了，但是气氛依然紧张。
tr	O	星巴克有点悬，但是那个男孩劝不动。
tr	O	我以前有十个，但是公司重组了。
tr	I	There was a moment of silence and the captain let the trigger loose .
tr	I	It was just rubbed a little right there and it 's like the horizon was a pencil line .
tr	O	我正在享受她的感觉，而且她在戳我。
tr	I	I thought I made myself clear and I know this is coming from you .
tr	O	我开始说话，但是他打断了我。
tr	O	我坐了起来，但是我就只做到了那一步。
tr	I	I occupied myself with clearing out the dishwasher , and Savannah , I thought , was surely on the way home .
tr	I	I still know the answer , but that question is more complicated .
tr	I	It moved begrudgingly to let him pass and he lightly tapped the nearest leather jacket .
tr	I	I barely kick my shoes off before jumping in the water and he screams from the water just before his head goes under .
tr	I	Her legs started to shake and Sweat slid down her temples .
tr	O	我们会取回我的力量，并且我将按照原定那样统治。
tr	O	他们在两小时内就把咖啡桌烧完了，而且现在这栋维多利亚式房屋又陷入了严寒。
tr	I	That didn 't scare her as much as it should have , but Chaos was the sickness of this world .
tr	I	She had to shoo them from the room repeatedly , and her children , who were young , were rambunctious .
tr	I	The Ambassador had a funny feeling that he may not be , but at least , their best information was that he was dead .
tr	I	Nothing else showed up , but Sheridan had left the DVD running after the third sighting of Tiger 's truck .
tr	I	Once again his eyes focused briefly on her mouth , but he punctuated his reply by stepping back .
tr	O	他已经和你上床了，并且你现在认为他是你的爱人。
tr	O	你先开始的，是你先走的，我心想，但是我没有说出来。
tr	O	境遇使你做出了将你带到这里的决定，但是你自问：我是怎么来到这里的？
tr	O	气氛很不对劲，而且太他妈冷了！
tr	I	You don 't even know me and you risked your life to save me .
tr	I	He just laughed once more , but I raised my eyebrows , displeased that everyone knew my name .
tr	I	Lizzie followed , and the ghost began to walk down the hallway .
tr	I	Her long , thick hair was tied back and her make-up was flawless .
tr	O	他的新生活伴随着黎明而至，并且他迫不及待地想开始。
tr	O	我们搬到这里已经七年了，并且从那时起我们又买了一套房子。
tr	I	It now came in handy , and someone had gone to the trouble of fitting the engine with an auxiliary panel .
tr	I	They 're nowhere to be found , but I look under the bed , in the closet , near the dresser .
tr	I	The door was closed and the head was withdrawn .
tr	O	只需朝他的方向轻轻一推，并且在第一次约会后他们就形影不离了。
tr	O	我对她微笑，并且她低下了头。
tr	I	That ended with a bullet in the back of their head , but people have tried in the past to get into them .
tr	O	三年漫长的岁月过去了，并且大地陷入了黑暗。
tr	I	Her dark eyes flashed and his reminder seemed to have the desired effect , for her cheeks flushed even more .
tr	I	I welcomed it , but I was shocked .
tr	O	到了现在他也相当熟悉索林了，并且他知道索林在打什么主意。
tr	O	半透明的管子突然变灰了，并且他能看出他们已经身在堡垒之外了。
tr	I	I 'm becoming more convinced he may be right , and Danu was certain it was going to be needed .
tr	O	佩吉最喜欢的事情莫过于为一位美丽的女士打扮，并且布丽埃尔无疑就是那样的女士。
tr	O	萨凡纳几乎被震惊得晕过去了，但是昆廷暗示说这并非第一次。
tr	I	I wouldn 't mind and he could really do that for hours .
tr	O	我知道你很特别，但是这超出了我敢设想的任何梦想。
tr	O	我们需要谈谈，并且我不能在这里谈。
tr	O	石头在她的赤脚下冰冷刺骨，并且风也很凛冽。
tr	I	He wanted to test their weight in his hands and her curves had grown .
tr	I	Frugality became second nature in her quest for travel , but it wasn 't like the things were even expensive .
tr	O	她的旧书桌在错误的角落，并且有人在天花板上加了一个天窗。
tr	O	她立刻想起来她在爱德华的家里，但是她无法想象是什么发出了噪音。
tr	I	She has one weakness , but her treachery runs deep .
tr	I	He knew he had been right and now this guy was explaining it .
tr	I	His aim was off , but Salvatore yelled , continuing to shoot .
tr	I	She couldn 't see much , but Abigail nodded .
tr	O	她的下巴掉了下来，并且她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	O	伍兹的衬衫还在身上，并且我希望他没穿。
tr	I	Our parents know each other and our neighborhood is a pretty close neighborhood .
tr	I	Now there was more , but that frisson of attraction was still there .
tr	I	Seeing me would only hurt them more and I 'd never be able to move on .
tr	I	My wide receiver isn 't where he 's supposed to be , but the field 's wide open .
tr	I	His friends as it was he 'd kill Jane and it was just as likely he 'd kill himself .
tr	I	He noticed she wasn 't really his type after all and Ellen hadn 't yet made a move to cover up .
tr	I	The step was somehow familiar , but I couldn 't put a name to my knowledge .
tr	O	麦迪告诉我们不要说一个字，但是现在肯定不是秘密了。
tr	I	It was thin , bald , robed in dark iron , and it was tall , at least seven feet .
tr	I	They had and he 'd waited for them to resurface .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop thinking about it that night and it stuck in my head .
tr	O	菲利普发出了一声低沉的咆哮，并且我觉得他对乔治问特鲁迪问题这件事不高兴。
tr	O	我们今天发生了一场危机，并且他仍然吓坏了。
tr	I	The two women were probably out for a morning stroll and Celia must have stayed over .
tr	O	它会削弱你，但是我不会夺走你的生命。
tr	O	它们比我上次见到她时颜色更偏蜜色，但是虹膜边缘仍有一丝绯红。
tr	I	Every person 's a mirror Revealing what you yourself have done , And for every person 's a flower Petals gently glowing in the sun .
tr	O	我们拥有电脑才几十年，然而它们对毫无疑问地接受它们的幼童来说，却显得如此正常。
tr	O	打印这些页面大约花了15分钟，但是结果正是他们所需要的。
tr	O	你知道你在做什么，而且我们会一直支持你。
tr	I	I don 't know how to stop them , and tears prick at the backs of my lashes .
tr	O	我的腿已经决定不再支撑我的身体了，并且我摔倒了，头撞在了地上。
tr	O	他把车开进了她房子旁边的短车道，停在她车库门后，并且他关掉了引擎。
tr	O	也许金伯和我还有机会再次成为朋友。
tr	O	饥饿噬咬着他们，并且空气中弥漫着浓重的血腥味。
tr	O	它闻起来很香，而且我饿坏了。
tr	O	我现在没有时间处理这件事，但是我会的。
tr	I	Needing to be near , but she leaned close , afraid to touch him .
tr	I	They were all huge ships of the line , but I counted only four ships .
tr	I	Sometimes it rippled with amusement and sometimes the voice was calm .
tr	I	I moved toward the path , and Liam loosened his hold .
tr	O	他们不一定想这样做，但是他们足够聪明，没有打断。
tr	O	一股感觉袭来，并且她感觉到那种拉力，仿佛他正在吸吮她的裸露皮肤。
tr	I	I always try to form that initial attachment - just to be on the safe side , but it might not really make any difference .
tr	I	She would not back down from this , but she wanted to move away from the wrath that blasted from him .
tr	O	他表现得非常好，而且我们都为他感到非常自豪。
tr	O	她的思绪转向了乔希，并且一个他的幻象出现了，仿佛在梦中。
tr	I	Jace held it behind his back , and the rope shrank to its smallest form .
tr	I	She sat up straighter and heads swiveled in her direction .
tr	I	That was only because his lantern gave off a low red light , and in fact she could no longer see much at all except for Nicko .
tr	I	You also have no rights but you don 't have responsibility .
tr	O	阿恩向她扔了一个包，并且萨拉巧妙地接住了它，没有出丑。
tr	I	They didn 't care for it one bit and it was like inviting the wolf to dine with the flock .
tr	O	他见过他母亲几次，但是他不明白她为什么不经常回家。
tr	O	距离我们开庭可能还需要数月，并且我甚至不能在法庭上见到他，因为诉讼将不公开进行。
tr	I	I knew her , and she knew me .
tr	O	我能感觉到洋流把我拉向东方，并且我决定跟着它走。
tr	O	它只有大约半英尺长，四分之一英尺宽。
tr	I	If it gets too hard I 'll just come back , but I can 't remember any from last time !
tr	O	她汗水浸透了她的衬衫，并且她苍白的脸涨满了怒火。
tr	O	他讨厌她正在受伤并且是因为他的事实。
tr	I	Her eyes still held a smile , but Chloe stuck her tongue out at him .
tr	O	她已经太习惯有他在身边了，并且这个认知让她恼火不已。
tr	I	She sticks herself out there so we can keep track of him , but she knows he can find her , maybe even get to her .
tr	I	She didn 't listen -- but he 'd buried his face in her hair , pleading for her forgiveness .
tr	O	大卫坐在了书桌旁的一把椅子上，并且我坐在了他旁边。
tr	I	She felt much better but she woke up with night already showing through the windows .
tr	I	His head had to move downward to fully experience hers , and her head had to tilt back to completely make out his face .
tr	O	他没有把手移开，但是他的手指停止了轻柔、有节奏的抚摸。
tr	O	亨利的目光找到了我的，并且他没有移开视线。
tr	I	I 've never seen him since and I moved out the following week .
tr	O	有时她要花一整天的时间才能让他恢复好心情，并且她总是带着对下次他会复发的担忧离开。
tr	O	她的宫缩消退了，并且她紧抓我手的那种致命的力道终于松开了。
tr	I	Remembering his antics , I shook it out quickly , but Kiran 's perfect face passed through my mind .
tr	O	他的目光暗示性地扫过舞台地面，并且我从中捕捉到了一丝不赞同的闪光。
tr	O	我回头看，并且他古怪地笑了。
tr	I	The ' what ifs ' were astounding , and the whole world was an unknown now .
tr	O	它开始时又快又沉，然后降到正常速度，最后在他打瞌睡时急剧放慢。
tr	I	In reality , she had walked out on Reid , but she had thought then that she had a boyfriend .
tr	I	All three Pipers were like that , but the plane vibrated like it would shake to pieces .
tr	I	It was the first day of summer vacation , and I can 't remember air ever smelling better , not even when I was a kid .
tr	I	Suddenly he 'd gone from Oprah to preacher , and Bill said .
tr	O	麦克胡须摩擦衬衫的声音又响起了，但是他最终还是开口了。
tr	I	She started to get nervous and his voice was darker now .
tr	O	我的女儿们住在家里，但是我的儿子已经搬进了自己的公寓。
tr	I	We remain seated , but people slowly file by us to exit the auditorium .
tr	O	她做出了艰难的决定，暂时留在原地，但是没有Maverick她很痛苦。
tr	O	她看着他的小马在通往房子的路上渐深的阴影中熟练地迈步，并且她很感谢这动物沉稳的性情。
tr	O	他意识到自己的指甲已在他汗湿的掌心挖出了深深的印记，并且他的嘴巴感觉好像塞满了纸巾。
tr	O	赛斯不确定，但是福莱特弟兄是他所说的那些叛逆教会成员之一。
tr	I	They didn 't radiate an abundance of good will but none of them were staring directly at us .
tr	O	布拉德利正要训斥他，但是他注意到梅根正要开口。
tr	O	我住在乡下很远的地方，而且你得真心想来我家才能找到路。
tr	O	他回想起昨晚这样触碰她，但是那什么都不是，与此相比什么都不是。
tr	O	你只需在地板上晃动手电筒的光束，并且巴特卡普就会试图抓住它。
tr	O	侧门开了，并且莎莉走了出来。
tr	I	I wanted her near me , yet I didn 't want complications .
tr	O	他谈到了齐默尔曼的悠久历史，并且迪凯特·希思的婚姻如何确保了这段历史将延续到未来。
tr	I	He 'd hated it , and that 's how they 'd been with him .
tr	I	It is only for treating the symptoms but this style of treatment is practically an artificial pancreas .
tr	O	她担心她妹妹的病，为瑞兰身处险境且无法警告他而担忧。
tr	I	His eyes fairly sparkled and his lips quivered .
tr	I	There was nothing there , and I looked at it .
tr	O	我知道虫族拥有这项技术，但是指挥官的反应仿佛我提出了某种模糊的淫秽建议。
tr	O	我们把车开进一个车位，并且我熄灭了引擎。
tr	O	我的脚踩到地面，并且当我踩到黑色的泥土而不是灰尘时，我松了一口气。
tr	O	我知道，然而我没有挂断电话。
tr	I	The action 's started , and it 's nearly seven .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't near morning yet , but I was groggy .
tr	I	His eyes held an answering kindle as he read her look , and Desire built up within her as a tangible force .
tr	I	Damien finally got a hold onto the other wolf 's neck but Julia shrieked as they tumbled into a bush .
tr	O	她可以轻易地从医生的脑中获取信息，但是她希望布莱斯积极参与到自我解脱中。
tr	I	Vetter opened it , and there was a polite knock at the door .
tr	I	I 'd never been on a date , but I 'd had a boyfriend when I was fourteen .
tr	I	In any case Cohen had seen him many times before , but he wasn 't a god who was hard to recognise .
tr	I	Cain stopped him , but he reached into his pocket to pull out some cash .
tr	I	I thought a couple of the friends might have been female , but it was hard to tell under all the layers of clothing .
tr	O	她踢了他的小腿，而且他甚至连动都没动一下。
tr	O	他们可能以为他会逃跑，但是他已经受够了当懦夫。
tr	I	Although I could not see him , you could hear him and Rob was clearly bored too .
tr	I	They fell silent again and he waved his meaty fist .
tr	I	Her navy blazer had been ironed to perfection , and her hair was combed perfectly off her face .
tr	I	It is not in the cards for the evening but a nice wind will help .
tr	O	琳达惹出了不少麻烦，而且乔西需要有人帮她解决。
tr	O	这些拜访总是很占用我的时间，而且我能分身乏术。
tr	I	I looked away and she chewed on her bottom lip .
tr	O	我盯着她，知道那是句混账话，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	Study was never a one-way thing , and Death was fascinated by humans .
tr	I	It 's the last comment - about spilling in the car - that gets to me most , but it 's crazy .
tr	I	Gone from his mind and gone from his house .
tr	O	他们之间的紧张气氛显而易见，而且直觉告诉我这比他们是敌人这个事实更深层。
tr	O	他只是生病了，而且过了一会儿他就死了。
tr	I	Getting back up is treacherous , but I have been all the way to the cave floor .
tr	I	It quits when it knows it 's beat , but it sets up a powerful protest right off .
tr	O	他慢慢地把它放低，而且凉爽的空气扑向她的皮肤。
tr	I	Janet had asked her to deliver posters to the businesses around town and Grace Sherman displayed a large notice in the library .
tr	I	It was clear to Mariposa that Hailey understood the joke the first time , and Hailey did laugh then .
tr	I	I think I believe him , but I know this is crazy .
tr	O	贝丝帮我注册了一个约会服务，并且这些就是我通过它认识的人。
tr	O	西德尼笑了，并且我听到贝蒂在背景里对他嘟囔。
tr	I	She was shopping and he said she 's five miles out .
tr	I	He hadn 't held me , but he 'd hugged me since I 'd been back .
tr	I	I remember that that 's all thanks to Gage , and she seems happy enough now that she 's safe .
tr	I	She felt his gaze on her as powerfully as she would have a touch and he looked at her .
tr	O	厄尔走到他身后，并且赞恩向下指了指。
tr	I	I 'm going to find out who and someone must 've built it .
tr	O	他的声音带着孩子气，但是他努力想听起来像他想成为的男人。
tr	I	After all , it was time to eat , and he was not offended .
tr	O	我受伤了，又饿又渴，并且天哪，我闻起来像头猪。
tr	I	She reacted , but if he hadn 't been touching her in that instant he might have missed it .
tr	O	我把手平放在墙上，并且他粗暴地抓住了我的臀部。
tr	I	All he could do was mumble incoherently , but Bradford tried to make a joke .
tr	O	她试图吻他，但是他巧妙地躲开了她。
tr	O	我们跳了几个小时的舞，期间泽娜喝了大部分酒，但是我们都玩得很开心。
tr	O	如果我能想到任何合理的借口，我就会撒谎，但是我不能。
tr	I	That didn 't help Big Spring much but the sun was going down .
tr	O	有些人可能会称之为杂物，但是她尊重它们，因为它们对她所爱的男人有意义。
tr	O	这没什么用，并且她很快就放弃了。
tr	I	He touched his lips to mine and his head came up .
tr	O	他不愿相信，但是他也不能忽视他的同伴中可能有一个是叛徒的可能性。
tr	I	Henry was leaving school to walk towards the Chicago entrance to the Milky Way Terminal , and it was the end of the day .
tr	O	他突然掉进了海里，但是她知道自己没有成功地释放他。
tr	O	我的勺子撞在碗上发出叮当声，并且我推开柜台。
tr	I	I moved closer , and she nodded without looking at me .
tr	O	那个男人正在和他的妻子玩某种变态的游戏，并且我被夹在中间。
tr	O	朱利安正要抗议，但是布兰迪催促他离开浴室。
tr	I	A chance for me to command , but it is a poor affair .
tr	I	I hear the guy next to me suppress a laugh , but he tilts his head like he 's trying to apologize .
tr	O	我的宿舍在楼房的二楼，而且我必须用我的身份证才能进入。
tr	O	这很傻，而且我知道。
tr	I	I 'd like to start on these first and I 've brought the new worksheets from town .
tr	I	For a moment he blinked at them , seeing only silhouettes , and they were backlit by the light of the Institute .
tr	I	I braced and he raised the tea towel .
tr	O	我在四处走动时他盯着我看，但是我知道他并不是真的在看我。
tr	I	Luke 's face falls and my heart sinks to my stomach .
tr	I	He grabs my thighs before forcefully picking me up , slamming me against the wall as he backs us up and his eyes come back into focus .
tr	I	You 're coming home with us and we check out in the morning .
tr	O	她怀里抱着一个略小的女婴，而且她脚边还有一个看起来很像的。
tr	I	I stared at him in disappointment and he climbed out of the bed .
tr	I	She refused to run away , either but she wasn 't prepared to handle him .
tr	O	我知道德里克会为我献出生命，但是我从未希望他那样做，直到那一刻。
tr	O	电梯叮地一声，并且门开了。
tr	O	我会去找另一个座位，而且如果都没有空位，我就会回家。
tr	I	Neither of them would know that , but which was more than a slight fabrication of the truth .
tr	O	战斗是必要的，但是收拾残局也同样关键。
tr	O	她的存在很短暂，但是它让我心神不宁。
tr	I	I didn 't want to cry , but my vision blurred .
tr	O	我真的不知道是什么促使我叔叔帮助我们，但是或许那是因为他骨子里是个好人。
tr	I	Blake did the same and he put away his flashlight .
tr	O	他们不与我分享他们的日程，而且我也不便过问。
tr	O	他没有她那么醉，而且很明显他也听到了她的话。
tr	O	我的头痛有些地方让我开始信任，仿佛它们在警告我，而且我停了下来。
tr	I	He wobbled , nearly falling and confusion flitted over the man 's weathered face .
tr	I	He helped keep the business going when dad died and he 's good at what he does .
tr	O	艾莉试图挣脱，但是她现在太虚弱了。
tr	O	她咧嘴一笑，并且她乌黑的眼睛因兴奋而闪烁。
tr	O	她把奶昔扔到地上，并且她的盘子也很快跟着掉了下去。
tr	O	他再次吹奏，并且那悠长持续的音符带着哀怨的呼唤飘向月亮。
tr	O	我很心动，但是我不得不考虑她现在可能不想听到。
tr	I	I could barely form words through my quivering lips and when our lips parted , I was trembling .
tr	O	然后他的眼睛会追随美食广场上一个完全不同的女孩的臀部，并且我会玩闹般地揍他一拳，因为他是个伪君子。
tr	O	不确定我是否会去，但是我还有余生来做出那个选择。
tr	I	You will go to your room without dinner or sit up straight .
tr	O	它弯曲了，并且他倒下了。
tr	I	Alas , we have no word of his whereabouts since these many days past , but all of his effects remain carefully stored in his rooms .
tr	O	潮水很好，并且没有风。
tr	I	It is no lie at all , or Serena either believes her own lie .
tr	I	Her wrap had slid to bare her cut arm , and her long skirts were tangled among their four legs .
tr	O	我想安慰他，但是我不知道怎么做。
tr	O	开辟新土地将是艰苦的工作，但是否则计划就不必改变太多。
tr	I	The subject line read Paris and I clicked open the email .
tr	I	Thirty-seven of the bawling , nerve wracking horrors went beyond reason , but he could tolerate teaching one brat at a time .
tr	I	The things he 'd done there hadn 't been exactly conventional , and he 'd visited Mrs. Palmer in this house for many years .
tr	I	Her heart was full again , but Jack was lost .
tr	O	在他的目光中她看到了领悟，看到了伤痛，但是她什么也做不了来缓解它。
tr	I	I caught my breath , and that fledgling smile bloomed on her face .
tr	I	She clutched his arm , but Jessup started to move away .
tr	O	我不太确定什么那么好笑，但是我会很快弄明白的。
tr	I	Eli remembered that its rumor of existence was always in the news and the portal was concealed behind a heavy velvet curtain .
tr	O	他问我，而且我因此爱他。
tr	O	平面设计师多如牛毛，而且竞争非常激烈。
tr	I	Shadows fell around her , helping to make it more difficult to see her clearly and fortunately the sun was setting .
tr	O	他发出一声喉音，并且他分开了我们的身体。
tr	I	Maybe he could still pull this off , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	Both of Tim 's parents died on impact , but the driver of the truck wasn 't hurt .
tr	I	She still hasn 't come to and it has been a couple of minutes .
tr	O	这是错的，而且你知道。
tr	I	She wasn 't going to settle for anything less , not even from him and his father would never allow him to marry her .
tr	I	I know he sees me , and I see Bobby every day .
tr	O	前一秒他还很平静，好像要把它还回来，但是特里斯坦看到了破绽。
tr	O	太阳在我左侧黯淡地照耀着，而且第二个太阳在我右侧微弱地照耀着！
tr	I	The three that remained went on to practice phase two of their plan , and the prince took his leave .
tr	O	她的评论只是针对奥格的，并且因此没有必要真的大声说出来，特别是她不想被偷听到。
tr	I	I think it has more to do with panic than anything else , but I 'm certainly having difficulty breathing .
tr	O	她依然比以往任何时候都更想念他，并且伤痛并未随时间而减轻。
tr	I	Before the king of thieves can get a good look , he vanishes , but his shabby , thatched clothing appears to have been handmade .
tr	O	当我们停下来时，一名保安打开了门，并且艾米丽爬过我身边推开他。
tr	I	Julie liked to travel light , but she knew that Kim would have a different game plan .
tr	O	扎恩却仍然能读懂它们，并且这让他的脸上露出了笑容。
tr	O	小路突然中断了，并且沙丘开始了。
tr	I	Their lifeless bodies move no more and I felt their energies dissipate quickly .
tr	O	这是毫无意义的，并且我真的不在乎。
tr	O	当我帮他脱掉衣服并且他也脱掉了我剩下的衣服时，就不需要其他的话了。
tr	O	她毕竟不是皇室血统，并且国王总是在提防着间谍。
tr	O	这好像都是事先安排好的，并且我们正在走进一个蜘蛛网。
tr	I	I felt bile rising in my throat and my stomach did a flip .
tr	O	杰斯走开了，并且我松了一口气，那口气我此前都没察觉自己一直屏着。
tr	I	It got me thinking about what I was doing , and they gave me an advance copy .
tr	I	The water rises as we go and we wind deeper into the tunnels .
tr	I	She had some explaining to do , and he wasn 't a bad guy , really .
tr	O	她的脖子渐渐痊愈了，但是她仍然感到不安，烦躁。
tr	O	清理人员比他们预期的更早完成了工作，并且我们得以立刻进入那间空谷仓。
tr	O	他把她拉了起来，并且她在他怀里软绵绵的。
tr	I	This time when she spoke it was through gritted teeth and she shook her head again .
tr	O	作为一名魔术师，我确实有应对之策，但是现在我有一个更好的作弊方法。
tr	O	我又开始哭了，并且我的话语有些混乱。
tr	I	It kicked up sparks that flew into the air and Marty tossed his empty beer can into the flames .
tr	O	我跑到卡车前部，手伸向腰间的刀，但是我的手却抓了个空。
tr	I	None of them wanted to keep me , but they all did , however briefly .
tr	O	艾因斯利在她的丈夫身上下了不少赌注，但是她知道仆人们在贝拉米身上押了重注。
tr	O	他想再次抱住她，但是她却拍开了他的手臂。
tr	O	我母亲的眼睛变得冰冷，并且她怒视着我。
tr	I	He saw a dark shadow coming up behind her and her body was a silver blur in the moonlight .
tr	O	冈纳沉默了片刻，但是随后他通过蒸汽嘶嘶作响。
tr	I	It doesn 't budge , but Cat pushes against it .
tr	O	马奇点了点头，并且我很惊讶，甚至约翰也毫不犹豫地点了头。
tr	I	I have no recollection of having any living relatives in that place , and I never knew my father .
tr	O	妮可不知在何时做了一些晚餐，并且现在我成了笑料，因为他们嘲笑我的龙虾作品。
tr	O	我回来时你已经走了，并且你的母亲托尼也不知道你去哪儿了。
tr	O	我又敲了敲门，并且脚步声咚咚地从楼梯上下来。
tr	I	She wraps her arms around my neck like she 's actually happy to see me , and her eyes smile before she does .
tr	O	那个侏儒知道很多事情，并且他什么也没说。
tr	O	我知道那不可能发生，然而我渴望脱掉我的衬衫，以消除所有接触。
tr	O	然后你告诉我他那样对你，并且我只想伤害他，因为他伤害了你。
tr	O	痛苦从她身上涌出，但是它没有减轻。
tr	O	没有一个受试者带来任何孩子，并且也不会有怀孕。
tr	O	有所有和律师相关的破事，还有为爸爸的审判做准备。
tr	I	It 's dangerous to move , yet I have to get out of here .
tr	I	I 've never seen her really sad and I 've never seen her really happy .
tr	I	We 're not in a good section of town , and it 's the middle of the night .
tr	O	那只是一个微笑，并且我很感激。
tr	I	He couldn 't blame me for that but I knew he had a bad day .
tr	I	I hate clowns and I 'd look like a clown .
tr	O	我尽力了，并且我所能做的就是让自己保持警觉，以捕捉任何警报信号。
tr	I	The guardhouse looked deserted and the gate was closed .
tr	I	He doesn 't feel it like I do and he is so far away .
tr	O	他的掌心感到温暖，并且她依偎在他的触碰中，羞涩地笑着。
tr	I	The nausea was gone but I was still shaking .
tr	I	He put the gear into drive , and it clicked .
tr	I	He felt the safe after , but when he left , Stephen thought he would somehow inherit that strength .
tr	O	最新消息是洛夫认为与医院的联系是主要因素，但是他没有任何根据。
tr	O	这对她来说一定是个里程碑式的早晨，并且他不太确定该说什么。
tr	O	我们本可以尝试逃跑，但是我们永远也跑不过他们。
tr	O	我只管出现，说话，并且仅此而已。
tr	I	Suddenly he looked devastated , and his facade cracked .
tr	O	她口干舌燥，并且那块饼干简直就像是用木屑做的。
tr	I	Things boiled out of it and it split open .
tr	I	He stood rather unsteadily and there was a deep drunkenness in his eyes .
tr	O	一声响亮的口哨声响起，并且所有人都转向吉米。
tr	O	玛丽咧嘴大笑，并且她的眼眶湿润了。
tr	I	He handed her a wad of tissues and she plopped back down on the couch .
tr	O	可能是肖恩，但是我总觉得有点怀疑。
tr	O	我叫了他，但是他没有理我。
tr	I	It kind of defeated the whole purpose of us being here , socializing with co-workers , but of course James would be in VIP .
tr	O	它不影响任何事物，然而它却控制着一切。
tr	O	记忆是水彩画，而且一场大雨就能将它们冲刷殆尽。
tr	O	上一次与狼人的遭遇很糟糕，因为我不知道它们存在，但是现在有一个在我家里！
tr	O	然后他的笑容消失了，并且担忧的神情又回来了。
tr	I	Uppermost in all of them was Nikki and the world was a kaleidoscope of scents .
tr	I	He had a rather horrible suspicion that he had come by his just desserts , but he wished he could think that he didn 't deserve it .
tr	I	We never could , but for the next few days , we tried to gain control of it by radio .
tr	O	你比学校里任何人都强，但是现在还不需要任何人知道这件事。
tr	I	You don 't or you either know the answer .
tr	I	I also can 't leave him , but it 's awkward to stand in all my gear .
tr	I	She fought back the urge to laugh and Hysteria built .
tr	O	我第一次觉得我的生活并非完全处于应有的状态，而且我对我现在成为的这个人感到羞愧。
tr	I	This time it was directed at Gary , and a flash of anger ran through her .
tr	I	They could set off and he 'd be back .
tr	O	他没有搂着她，但是他似乎不介意这种接触。
tr	I	Now he was with Jess , and this afternoon he had looked at me like I meant everything to him .
tr	I	It seemed the game would go on for a long time and the players were all skilled .
tr	I	She handed it to him and Wells replied that he did .
tr	O	我的脖子因今天的摔倒而疼痛，而且我回想起与坦纳的交流。
tr	I	Fear started to mix with my irritation , and he was hitting too close to home .
tr	O	渐渐地，他们提到了那些让他们产生分歧的问题，但是这次他们做得有些胆怯。
tr	I	Harriet knew The Economy of Aberdeen would be well on its way now , and the sea had turned choppy .
tr	I	The door slid closed in front of her and Jenny waved from the top of the stairs .
tr	O	她知道谁能帮助她解决第二个问题，而且那是她最想见的人。
tr	I	Gabriel winced as his body responded to the movement , and he took a step back .
tr	O	一切都一样，权力的转移丝毫没有改变他的处境，然而有些东西却不同了。
tr	I	If I could even find legal documents related to the take-over , it would be a start , but I had no idea what was in it .
tr	O	他需要告诉她她对他有多重要，并且他需要她接受他们将永远在一起。
tr	I	A boy 's voice says my name and it creaks open .
tr	O	你杀了第一个，而且我正指望着那个。
tr	I	She gasped at his erection and he pressed up against her .
tr	I	I thought you should see that , but everyone else is inside still eating .
tr	I	I saw a white house with blue shutters in a neighborhood of shady streets , and it stretched forth its hand again .
tr	I	At the moment , she couldn 't bring herself to care , but she knew it was a weakness .
tr	I	In reality you haven 't changed , and it 's almost twenty years since we have known each other .
tr	O	也许我不是梅尔，但是我能解决这个问题。
tr	I	They might not be out of the woods yet , and everyone had almost died .
tr	O	他本打算直接上床睡觉，但是那被证明是不可能的。
tr	O	他指向空中大约十英尺高、偏向一侧的某个点，并且那正是他最终到达的地方。
tr	I	She fought a little before they gave it to her and they took her to an empty room down the hall from Mr. Hallman 's .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且我知道他看到他的妹妹正在逝去。
tr	I	There was little I could do to ease that but the look of betrayal in Abby 's eyes was a knife to the chest .
tr	O	一道细长的疤痕划过他的右眉，并且她想知道他是怎么得到的。
tr	I	I just looked at him and he sat in silence for a moment .
tr	O	艾丹的眼睛猛地睁开，并且他狂野地环顾房间，最后才注意到艾玛。
tr	I	Before I knew it , I was out and I heard her bedroom door close .
tr	I	Its power was more than he hoped , and the engine was louder than Bash expected .
tr	O	外面两根叉齿的弧度更深，并且中间的叉齿是三根中最长的。
tr	I	I was more than thankful , but I don 't know who 'd called Gavin .
tr	I	She was an animal lover after all and it was a good cause .
tr	O	那名战士散发出很多热量，并且床上一直都是暖烘烘的。
tr	I	He was enjoying the playful moment too much to rush them , and she didn 't seem in any rush to take things further .
tr	O	他们告诉他需要从更大的背景来看待这次枪击事件，但是迭戈很清楚根本就没有更大的背景。
tr	I	I thought about what I had just told him and I heard Sidney place the phone down .
tr	O	人体模型坐起来时他吓了一跳，并且他看到那是伯爵夫人。
tr	O	我正在度几年来的第一次假期，并且我身处一个异国情调的地方。
tr	O	卡丽娜揭开了一盘香浓厚实的香蕉面包，并且我开始流口水了。
tr	I	This is friggin ' ridiculous , but you two have it bad for the chick .
tr	O	过了一会儿，他感到脸上湿湿的，并且他开始使劲挤压，回想起前一天早上海绵是湿透的。
tr	I	That wasn 't my problem , but I wasn 't so sure .
tr	I	She drops a twenty , and someone bumps into her .
tr	O	没人需要再多说什么，并且他们开始着手准备。
tr	I	I was glad I had it , but it occurred to me a blue blazer was a really bad thing to wear to a Heritage Party rally .
tr	O	我们走进去，并且我能听到厨房里的声音。
tr	I	He bounded off to fetch it and I tossed it into the waves .
tr	I	You 'll also have a little time to study , but you 'll do some unskilled construction work until this thing is built .
tr	O	她回家时我将不会和她在一起，并且这再次让我心碎。
tr	I	Genuinely seemed to mean it , and when they drove up in front of the market , Maggie told her to have a good day .
tr	O	国王看向他的卫兵，但是没有回应。
tr	O	你心烦意乱，并且你需要我。
tr	I	She jumped , her limbs still tethered to the table , and Cassidy drew a long breath , then her eyes opened .
tr	O	她试图把他推向门口，但是他抵抗了。
tr	O	你可能认为你没事，但是在我看来你已经精疲力尽了。
tr	I	I silently thank him and Cole meets my eye .
tr	O	另一声雷鸣般的吼叫从森林深处传出，并且接着传来了树木倒塌的声音。
tr	O	她看着那个比自己略矮的胖男人，并且她的脸上似乎带上了一丝悲伤。
tr	O	布莱斯的鼻子有点歪，并且他的下巴缝附近有一道白色疤痕。
tr	O	我知道很难谈论事情，但是有时我们不得不做那些让我们害怕的事情。
tr	I	The deeper I 'm buried , the harder it is to breathe , and it 's quite a long dream , considering the list of people .
tr	O	我们有一个计划，但是我发现自己烦躁不安。
tr	O	她耸耸肩，好像没什么大不了的，但是 我能看出她想笑。
tr	I	Then he laughed , and Daemon blinked slowly .
tr	O	每个时代都有一些独特的故事，并且 我很高兴看到这个时代这么早就有了。
tr	O	她肌肉里的紧张感依然存在，并且 她知道欧克斯现在走进他旧的隔间会很危险。
tr	I	I can feel Cassandra 's hands retreat from my temple and the image fades .
tr	I	I couldn 't even begin to imagine what could 've happened to cause such a reaction from her , but I knew something was horribly wrong .
tr	I	She wasn 't even sure he was breathing and he didn 't move .
tr	O	她给了他一个浅笑，但是 他知道那不是真心的，因为笑容从未到达她的眼底。
tr	O	这太不像她了，我也开始掉眼泪，并且 我妈妈把我拉近了。
tr	O	他剩下很多，并且 装在一个容器里放在冰箱底部。
tr	I	It was terrifying , and she grinned .
tr	O	卡勒姆开始走开，并且 我抓住了他的手，避开了米卡。
tr	I	I could see no danger in accepting his invitation and he was pointing towards the café over the road .
tr	O	德里克包好后，我把手臂放回吊带里，并且 感觉好了10倍。
tr	O	警长按住拉文纳，但是她的肩膀随即耸起，好像要推开他。
tr	I	Somehow , I smile and I turn back to face him .
tr	O	敲两下，并且它就开了。
tr	O	这将需要数千年，但是他们很有耐心。
tr	I	I deserved to lose everything , and I 'd been a coward .
tr	I	This is close to Roach country , so we post a watch , but inside our cave , the fire should be hidden to anyone on land .
tr	I	The woods around them were silent , and Lorenzo was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	我不记得那些东西叫什么了，但是我确实在心里记下，我不知怎的记住了它们。
tr	I	I was struggling to keep up and he was increasing his pace towards the theater .
tr	I	Echo felt no fear from its receding form this time , but the moon had nearly disappeared again .
tr	O	他的黑发被梳开露出脸，并且他的蓝色纽扣衬衫衬托出他的眼睛。
tr	O	迪恩努力不让他的兄弟们或其他人因为他的沮丧而受苦。
tr	I	Our team was big on nicknames , but I wasn 't sure where the nickname came from .
tr	I	There were old , stained-glass windows at the other and a bar was at one end of the room .
tr	O	妈妈听到门响回到楼下，并且我拦住了她。
tr	I	She put her foot down but he 'd tried to carry her .
tr	O	也许还有其他人类，并且他们无法同时监视所有人。
tr	O	一位穿着便装的衣冠楚楚的官员正在向我们讲话，但是我们几乎听不到他的声音。
tr	O	我希望她能回头看最后一眼，但是她没有。
tr	O	这股能量很有感染力，并且乔希也投入其中了。
tr	O	我一夜之间成了一个真正的吸血鬼，并且那意味着卢卡斯是——不。
tr	I	Last time I checked I didn 't answer to werewolves , but I sympathized .
tr	I	Her blue eyes were staring into mine , and her long blond hair hung loosely down the middle of her back .
tr	I	The ghosts had disappeared really fast and she said something to Sir Horace .
tr	I	The third was blinking , and two of them were solid .
tr	O	你不能后退，并且你不能前进。
tr	O	八个倒下了，并且比赛结束了。
tr	O	汽车继续驶过，但是她几乎没有注意到它们。
tr	I	She grabbed her boots on the fly , and he shoved a shirt over her head .
tr	I	He 's still basking in his glow of victory and I look up at him .
tr	O	这个想法听起来很荒谬，但是它是真的。
tr	I	Her eyes grew bright with moisture and she put a hand to her lips .
tr	I	He was going to make sure he knew it and he was not at all pleased with his colleague .
tr	I	He always make a girl feel special , but he was an old man even then .
tr	I	I met her steely gaze and she looked at me steadily for a moment .
tr	I	She needs an ear , and the kid is hurting .
tr	O	似乎对此束手无策，但是这应该能保护你免受真正危险的东西的侵害。
tr	I	She had no notion how to sever it , and a connecting thread had been sewn between them .
tr	O	他家的窗户碎了，并且门也半脱了合页。
tr	I	She could see his face in profile , but she couldn 't see the woman Tavi was talking to .
tr	O	她等待着道歉，但是她什么也没得到。
tr	O	他的鼻孔张开，并且眼睛眯了起来。
tr	O	你看，一个女巫可以嫁给一个泰坦，并且他们可以一起生下一个通灵师孩子。
tr	O	我需要解释我必须立即离开日本，并且我们所有需要讨论的业务都可以通过电话会议解决。
tr	I	You acted like I was insane and I told you I wouldn 't stop hanging out with Laney because of Ivy !
tr	O	伊甸笑了，并且我颤抖了。
tr	O	于是，少尉们自己动手报复了侮辱，并且船舱的黑暗角落里发生了一些扭打。
tr	I	Nikki had reminded me again earlier today , and Damien had warned me about the broken gas gauge at least a million times .
tr	O	就床而言，它并不算特别舒服，但是它肯定比被塞进通风管道里强多了。
tr	O	他又笑了，并且我真想踢他一脚。
tr	O	我与他对视了，并且他尴尬地移开了视线。
tr	O	我现在就可以死了，并且一切都会有意义。
tr	I	I was beginning to get a weird vibe here and he paused a moment .
tr	I	For years , Carly had silently condemned her for it , and she 'd observed her mother doing that kind of compliance .
tr	O	他有一种令人安心的举止，并且他温柔的语调让她感觉没那么……迷茫了。
tr	I	They were all talking about how they knew where he was , how they could go get him , and they tracked him to his lair once .
tr	O	床上有衣服，并且抽屉看起来被翻找过。
tr	I	Her head fell to one side , exposing her neck for their mutual pleasure , and his mouth wandered away from hers , tracing along her jaw .
tr	I	The national coverage of the sleazy situation persuaded him to pull out , but they 'd already agreed to appoint some eminently qualified candidate from the Midlands .
tr	O	那个苍白的男人猛地一转身，并且他的黑眼睛与艾米莉亚的目光对视了。
tr	I	He found it hard to swallow and Daniel 's throat suddenly went dry .
tr	O	我们从小学起就是朋友，并且我们初次见面并不愉快。
tr	O	洛奇把钥匙放进了壁炉架上的锡制高脚杯，并且迈过了米奇。
tr	I	She glared at her brother in disapproval , and her normally raspy voice sounded condemning .
tr	O	汉克向我点了点头，并且我在我们开车驶向房子之前感谢了他。
tr	O	我一直忍着的眼泪随着宣告声一起落下，并且伊恩握住了我的手。
tr	O	她的肩膀颤抖着，但是她继续着。
tr	I	The air around me was bitterly cold , and my clothes were heavy with water .
tr	O	对大多数人来说，高中是人间地狱，但是我爱它。
tr	O	他将不得不克制自己的力量，并且正因为如此，有人可能会受伤。
tr	O	我们没有什么可贡献的，但是我不在乎吃。
tr	O	它只是树林里的一条小溪，但是它看起来像一个属于我们的地方。
tr	O	她向前迈步，但是那些生物，在处理完杰萨明之后，已经又转向了她。
tr	O	他朝我回以一笑，并且我把门在我们身后关上了。
tr	I	His hands closed on her shoulders , and he sat down in the chair beside her .
tr	I	Honestly a man like Christian would only kiss a girl if he was attracted to her , but he had her there .
tr	O	他的眼睛在眼窝里变得像盘子一样大，并且他的瞳孔变得如此之大，以至于他看起来像个卡通人物。
tr	O	她弄丢了她的鞋子，并且她的头顶勉强够到他的下巴。
tr	O	一只手伸向她，并且她像猫一样本能地迅速躲开了。
tr	I	The blood looked better , but the meat looked good .
tr	I	The big man wasn 't taking the loss very well and Federer was in Dreher 's squad .
tr	O	听到那个问题，我不知怎的想把那天晚上的真相告诉他，但是我宁愿把目光放回我的膝盖上。
tr	O	这听起来已经足够可疑了，但是他们还是让它过去了。
tr	O	起初他以为有人上楼了，但是后来他意识到脚步声是在门廊上，就在窗户下面。
tr	I	His eyes were not , but his stance was relaxed .
tr	I	They 'll kill us too or we have to get this ship 's weapons working .
tr	I	His expression was calm , but he was frowning .
tr	O	寺庙也被紧紧关闭着，并且牧师们自己被迫收集那些曾躺在内院里的尸体。
tr	I	It was as cold as hell outside , and Melbourne had pulled another of its weather tricks .
tr	O	五分钟后，门上传来一阵敲击声，并且我关掉水时皱起了眉头。
tr	O	他的脸涨红了，并且他看起来非常生气。
tr	I	I went to Princeton , and made a fuss , got kicked out .
tr	O	一个骗子会解释文尼收集到的那些滑稽的报告，但是我不知道这是否解释了约瑟夫失踪的狼。
tr	O	一切都还有点模糊，但是我清楚地记得打斗的结局。
tr	O	我答应过你一次会让你求我死的毒打，并且这正是你要得到的！
tr	I	His fingers brush my temple and he drops to his knees .
tr	I	It was not one of his handsome grins and he grinned .
tr	O	我的名字是信封，并且我今天会接听您的电话。
tr	O	本吉来到我的另一边，但是我把他推开了。
tr	I	She didn 't budge , but he pulled at her hands using all his strength , frantically trying to breathe .
tr	O	他什么也没再说，并且我很感激。
tr	I	The feeling of unease would not go away , but nothing moved .
tr	O	门又开了，并且我听到多人的脚步声走了进来。
tr	O	利多点点头表示同意，但是桑蒂尼开始抱怨。
tr	O	那痛苦在他喊叫时增强了他的力量，并且愤怒控制了他。
tr	O	警方在二十四小时内不会立案失踪人口，但是在那之后，我确信他们会采取更多行动。
tr	I	These outer ones didn 't but the stations closer to Underground London Zone had tunnels .
tr	I	I 'm flying away and I 'm the bird .
tr	I	She did not stop but the sound of Reed 's shout filled her ears .
tr	O	我看着那些脑组织碎片，并且它们的恶心让我因厌恶而皱眉。
tr	I	He staggered back a few steps and she struck him across the face .
tr	O	我不知道我为什么在意她怎么想，但是我确实在意。
tr	O	在一顿普通的晚餐上，白兰地会在馅饼之后某个时候拿出来，并且我们会退到另一个房间。
tr	O	亚历山大送奥利维亚上台阶到她家门口，并且她转身面对他，生怕又一个尴尬时刻。
tr	I	I nod , and he asks .
tr	I	She waited for a moment , hearing the pounding of her pulse in her ears , and her head bowed until it touched her thumbs .
tr	O	我祈祷他正在做那件事，但是他把枪对准了司机的头。
tr	O	北方落在他们身后，并且西方预示着无尽的冰。
tr	O	这是一间出租屋，并且她签了六个月的租约。
tr	O	那对克莱尔不总是有效，但是这无伤大雅。
tr	O	她是他敌人的女儿，并且他会做他誓言要做的事。
tr	I	He pulled me toward him , and his arms slipped around my waist .
tr	I	A resolve that made me tense , and there was a calculation there now .
tr	O	我的眼睛在这黑暗中看到静电干扰，但是我能勉强辨认出她足够看清来者是谁。
tr	O	我今天早上打电话给杰里科分享这个消息，但是他被那些正在康复的人类造成的一些问题分散了注意力。
tr	I	I would never again be the same , and I 'd tasted it now .
tr	O	索耶小心翼翼地保持着面无表情，但是他仍然觉得他察觉到了管家眼中一丝会意的闪光。
tr	I	The cloak began as they blended so well together and you couldn 't tell where her black hair ended .
tr	O	我听到了无数痛苦的叫声，但是我无法辨认出它们的主人。
tr	O	她是劳埃德·布莱克的前妻，并且可能是他们与多米尼克·格林生意剩下的唯一真正联系。
tr	I	I had no idea and he broke into my home .
tr	O	木材已经备好，并且火炉里已生好火。
tr	I	He wasn 't quite convinced , but I could see him wavering .
tr	O	他眼中的需求显而易见，并且她不打算拒绝他。
tr	O	他的心碎了，并且敌人赢了。
tr	O	阳光盖过了人造光，所以我没戴太阳镜眯起了眼睛。
tr	I	I wasn 't , but he thought I was talking about the Archangel .
tr	O	这是我的目标，并且现在它已经不在了。
tr	I	Finding the door unlocked , let herself in and she carried the lunch box up the stairs .
tr	O	尽管停电了，外面有一盏大路灯，并且它的光正透过屋顶的洞照进来。
tr	I	Before Liam had to come up with an excuse to leave , Pater begged off , but they spent a few more minutes catching up .
tr	I	I was pretty tired , but I was a little afraid of what I might dream .
tr	O	它响了四声才转到语音信箱，并且她仍然盯着它，好像它是一条蛇。
tr	I	How could she resist teasing poor Max , but she could do crazy all by herself ?
tr	O	他开始回答，但是我打断了他。
tr	O	母狮咆哮了，并且我看到了他脸上的恐惧。
tr	I	He stopped to ask if she was all right and a small groan of discomfort escaped her lips .
tr	O	她看着那片空白，并且它所提供的一切。
tr	O	他觉得自己很聪明，但是他什么都不知道。
tr	O	雪已经全融化了，并且地面变得湿漉漉的。
tr	O	城墙上的人是遥远的靶子，但是他们被哨火方便地照亮了。
tr	O	少数军官欢迎这一改变，但是许多人无法想象他们的手下会因为再次成为街头警察而欣喜若狂。
tr	I	Damon knew he had seconds before they would be pulling to a stop and the limousine pulled into the parking garage .
tr	O	这是我最后一次看贾克斯演唱会的机会，并且我想让它值得铭记。
tr	O	瑞娜怒火中烧，但是她的心紧紧揪住，不止是内疚，还有更多情感纠缠。
tr	I	The water in the swimming pool was crystal clear and Noel had done a marvellous job with the filter .
tr	O	盾牌越来越弱了，并且它撑不了多久了。
tr	O	你需要超人般的肌肉才能把车窗完全摇下来，并且当雨水猛烈地拍打在玻璃上时，三角窗会漏水。
tr	O	一股情绪冲击着我的胸口，并且我大口吸气。
tr	O	他充满了悲伤，并且我无法修复它。
tr	I	The minute I realize he 's here , that he 's touching me , I push him back , but my legs are wobbly .
tr	I	They don 't turn up , but I dig through the basket .
tr	O	窗帘开着，并且我可以看到天色仍然是黄昏。
tr	I	It always overcame it , and there was always resistance .
tr	O	我的心感觉就像刚跑完一场马拉松，并且情绪在我体内涌动，我贪婪地打量着她的样子。
tr	I	I heard no sound of her approaching and several moments passed .
tr	O	我告诉过你我希望你们俩都看到它，而且你的母亲显然不会和我一起来。
tr	O	她叫了她，但是她的母亲没有回应。
tr	I	She frowned and her gaze settled on it .
tr	I	He got replaced or every problem was resolved quickly .
tr	O	你将永远是她的儿子，并且她将永远爱你。
tr	I	I tried to hold it back , but I was so close to cumming .
tr	I	Now he realized it was his one shot at making her believe in him , but he hadn 't planned things this way .
tr	O	他身上有种模糊的熟悉感，但是戈登却说不出是什么。
tr	I	The sofa cushions dark with it and the walls were splashed with blood .
tr	I	They just couldn 't keep up with all of the housework , but they had put up a valiant fight .
tr	O	她的脸颊发红，而且她的眼神现在是……羞愧的吗？
tr	I	No one was afraid , and the wild look had gone from his face .
tr	O	熔岩在他的左侧形成，但是他的右侧却什么也没有发生。
tr	I	He was describing someone else other than himself running down the field and it was like he was the announcer of a football game .
tr	O	有人陪伴会很好，但是印第安人移动的速度比法国人慢得多。
tr	O	肖恩发出一声轻响，好像他不敢相信我再次违抗了他，但是他的震惊是短暂的。
tr	I	We may have stuck her with an impossible task , but I have a lot of faith in our mechanic .
tr	I	Then she left to help some of the others make something for breakfast , and Mike kissed her back .
tr	O	她听到水在流，并且他在漱口。
tr	O	还有很多我能写，但是那可能最终会变成另一本书！
tr	O	她不想要他的谈话，并且她绝对不想要他的帮助。
tr	I	Father wishes me to select a husband while we are at court , and my betrothed was taken by the plague .
tr	I	She was more startled by something else , but ordinarily , Angelina would 've been concerned about her sister .
tr	I	He has skipped the country , and he 's some third-world millionaire .
tr	O	雷克斯吹了口哨，并且我大喊，直到他们中的一个看到我们。
tr	O	她看起来要哭了，但是我每次见到她时她都差不多是那样。
tr	I	Tears burned hot trails on her cheeks and Nicole 's vision blurred .
tr	O	艾米又打了他一下，但是我捕捉到了她的红晕。
tr	I	I couldn 't resist grabbing the magazine , paying the man behind the newsstand , but I knew I shouldn 't .
tr	I	We got ourselves into position and I handed over the camera .
tr	I	That too was fashionable , but his pants were loose , rather like pajamas .
tr	O	你只是这个公园的另一个假面，但是这意味着你知道关于这个地方我不知道的事情。
tr	O	她不想让步，但是她对她的庇护所有一份责任。
tr	O	她只有他们一半大小，但是她还是如愿了。
tr	O	她的下巴微微张开，并且她的血开始沸腾。
tr	I	I couldn 't believe that was me , and Doyle stood next to me in his tuxedo .
tr	O	他不确定那是否是真的，但是他耸了耸肩。
tr	I	She fell asleep instantly and they curled up together .
tr	O	那个污迹现在完全可见，只有一百码远，并且我身体的每一个部分都在尖叫。
tr	O	我的肩膀因失望而微微下垂，并且我标志性的噘嘴显露出来。
tr	O	她回头看，并且他看起来完全理性。
tr	I	His tone changed , deepening with his next words , and his eyes met mine .
tr	I	I looked up at him , and Benji 's head tilted back .
tr	I	That 's how I sleep , and that 's how our ancestors slept .
tr	O	我能听到他们，但是我却看不清他们。
tr	I	He was already inside the Institute , but barely had Tessa 's shoes hit the cobblestones than she was hurrying after Jem , call ing his name .
tr	I	I felt the pinprick spiders shooting up to my knee , and the outer burst caught my leg .
tr	O	截止今天，他们仍然处于戒严状态，并且联系他们的俘虏是船长的特权。
tr	O	琼能看到跟踪他们的五辆卡车已经停了下来，并且每辆车都派出了两支机动部队就位。
tr	O	她知道他是对的，但是她想不起为什么了。
tr	I	I forgot and it 's your freaking birthday !
tr	I	She knew damn well they were real , but Gabrielle had no idea how the photos had been taken .
tr	O	她的嘴唇颤抖着，并且她说了脑海中冒出的第一句话。
tr	I	He was at peace with that , kind of , and Shane thought Frank was dead .
tr	I	Senseless ... and sick .
tr	I	He was wearing body armor , but Matt got wounded too .
tr	O	人群倒吸一口气，并且那人急刹车停了下来。
tr	I	Swearing is too close to giving your word , and I am a princess of the faerie court .
tr	O	他将嘴唇凑近她的，并且她张开了双唇。
tr	I	His throat tightened and he was reminded of his daughter Anne .
tr	O	劳伦斯倾向于认为这只是个玩笑，但是哈蒙德却用截然不同的表情盯着刘宝。
tr	I	Stark terror held her captive , but she knew she should flee .
tr	I	She sure as hell didn 't belong with him , either , but maybe she didn 't .
tr	O	砖砌壁炉上方挂着一幅全家福，那是在奥森和我高中毕业后的那个夏天拍的。
tr	O	他在大自然中找到了平静，并且海湾提供了一个令人惊叹的异世界一瞥。
tr	O	我会受到氧气消耗而非二氧化碳去除的限制，而且我拥有充足的氧气。
tr	O	他跪倒在地，但是他的兄弟们依然抓着他。
tr	O	我试图立刻摘下我的面具，但是我的手根本不配合。
tr	O	她瞥了一眼杰克，但是他没有低吼。
tr	O	他们彼此之间只说了不到十几个字，而且那些话只是顺带提及。
tr	I	I suppose that we can have that altered , but a bit risque at the neckline , perhaps .
tr	I	It was a start , but it wasn 't much .
tr	O	我们是你们的囚犯，而且那是违法的。
tr	I	It was unnoticed in its seclusion , but it wasn 't where I 'd have hoped to land .
tr	O	我坦白了，而且我又把脸埋在他的胸前。
tr	I	He said no more , but she queried his reservation .
tr	O	萨德把船停在码头，并且他们都下船了。
tr	O	莫莉整天都在对抗头痛，但是无论她吃了什么，头痛都挥之不去。
tr	I	It tastes delicious , as always and I take a bite of my sandwich .
tr	O	他此时真的不指望能找到任何线索，但是他也不想留下任何未探索的角落。
tr	I	She was willing to overlook that shaky beginning , but the memory of their first meeting still rankled .
tr	I	I held nothing back and I related every detail .
tr	I	I still couldn 't stop him and Walt wasn 't even strong enough to bruise me ?
tr	O	她甚至忘了海斯廷斯还在房间里，直到她听到他关上火盆的盖子，并且她颤抖了一下。
tr	O	她的双手紧握成拳，并且有一瞬间德文以为她会打他。
tr	I	Alex was afraid Meadows would start to cry , and Ms. Meadows ' voice broke as she spoke .
tr	O	我不确定我在那里站了多久，但是最后我强迫自己动了起来。
tr	I	His voice stopped me , but I turned to leave .
tr	I	The morning air was cold and the sky had clouded over .
tr	I	I don 't want to take any chances but I 'm sure I could open another window if this one blinks out of existence .
tr	O	卡西迪会同意的，并且她会喜欢它。
tr	O	那个家伙瞥了一眼我的手，并且他的脸上绽开了大大的笑容。
tr	I	Besides , I think he 's too busy with work , and I really don 't think he 's over my mother yet .
tr	I	Recognition began to dawn and thoughts began to clear .
tr	O	他不确定自己会看到什么，但是他觉得至少需要看一眼。
tr	O	我不知道他喜欢什么，并且我拼命地想知道他看我时看到了什么。
tr	O	他们名字的来源不是很清楚，但是有几个说得通的理论。
tr	O	那是人血，并且很有可能属于那个在主街上发现尸骸的女孩。
tr	O	他低着头站了一会儿，并且凯特琳能看到他呼吸急促。
tr	O	邦妮又咯咯地笑了，并且他轻轻地用手肘碰了她一下。
tr	I	I looked down at the mat , and he 'd been right , of course .
tr	O	我无法忍住，并且我像个孩子一样抽泣着。
tr	O	洛根笑了，并且我看到了他眼中的笑意。
tr	O	他的手机响了，并且他伸手去拿。
tr	I	This thing is too big for me to hide in my pocket , but I would just accept it like I accepted Six 's cell phone .
tr	I	I knew that meant time to go and by the time I had finished getting ready my stomach growled .
tr	O	门另一边的走廊很暗，而且贾里德的眼睛花了一些时间才适应黑暗。
tr	O	它开了，并且侦探查理·埃利奥特的脸在昏暗的光线下盯着我的眼睛。
tr	I	I stopped so I could glare up at him in disgust and the question hurt like a mother .
tr	O	几秒钟过去了，没有任何动静，并且里克悄悄地松了一口气。
tr	O	这是第四节，而且这是比赛的最后一幕……在我人生的超级碗中。
tr	I	Amy refused to give any further information , but the Senator waited for her to continue .
tr	I	I feel ... hairy and I get near her .
tr	I	It was a painful understanding , but Noelle understood what he meant .
tr	O	有些妈妈非常喜欢圣诞节，但是我的妈妈是万圣节类型的人。
tr	O	他温柔地吻了我的头，并且我稍微挣脱了一下。
tr	O	这种侵犯令人愉悦，而且我廉价的针织短裙向上卷起，直到我的内裤露出了三角形。
tr	I	Had grown to become Painter 's second-in-command at Sigma and Captain Kathryn Bryant was Sigma 's chief intelligence expert .
tr	I	Then everyone starts clapping , and one of the staff slowly starts to clap , a couple more join in .
tr	I	It is in the middle of nowhere , but Let 's assume there 's a giant shopping mall with the best products at the lowest prices .
tr	I	You turned out to be the greatest liar of them all , and I confided in the one person I believed understood me .
tr	O	Tabitha的眼睛猛地睁开，并且她抬头盯着尼古拉那张带笑的脸。
tr	I	She could not , but she had always tried her best to ignore her sister 's ways .
tr	I	I felt so safe , and he really was taking care of me .
tr	I	He didn 't force her to move , but his gaze traveled from her hand to her face .
tr	O	安东尼奥试图一笑置之，但是他感到一块冰冷的怀疑之石滑过他的内心。
tr	O	他的船员中没有人见过这样的风暴，并且他们中没有人想死。
tr	O	詹姆斯再次打量我的衣服，并且重重地叹了口气，他同意了。
tr	I	Callie was the type of woman who would expect it , and he wasn 't into commitment .
tr	O	我的思想保持着人性，但是我的感官却是兽性。
tr	O	他感到自己坠落，并且接着一切都变黑了。
tr	O	我回到房间后再次查看我的手机，并且我松了一口气，看到她发来的短信。
tr	I	I 'm getting a lot of laughs , and they 're not a tough crowd though .
tr	I	Jake knew she was frowning , but her face was in shadow .
tr	O	精灵们结束后，多利安碰了碰埃科的肘部，并且她梦幻般地睁开了眼睛。
tr	O	我身后的男人发出了一种声音，有点像咆哮，并且我试图移动得更快。
tr	I	He 's in all these mirrors and I 'm in all these mirrors .
tr	I	Diego laid Cassidy on the sheets , and Shane stripped back the quilts .
tr	O	我咕哝着，但是他声音中的某种东西刺穿了我的迟钝。
tr	I	Too many schemers had stayed behind with feigned sicknesses , and he was too new to the politics involved .
tr	O	然后亚丁停了下来，他身后所有的人也一样，并且甚至连那个都没有了。
tr	I	Andrew will have made the decision to do evil , forever tying him to the darkness and Nicholas will die .
tr	O	服务员们拿着毛巾快步上前，并且我为妮娜拿了一条。
tr	I	He slapped his palm against the wall in front of me , but I tried to slide past .
tr	I	I own the only dealership in town , and well my name is Harvey Richardson .
tr	O	当局可能会进行尸检，但是他们不会找到任何更多的东西。
tr	O	我想我本可以穿着皮衣表演，但是我不认为那会有同样的影响。
tr	I	I smiled slightly and our eyes met .
tr	I	He was just standing there by the basement door , and I turned around !
tr	I	Eventually he pulls away , nipping at my bottom lip , but I wish we could stay that way forever .
tr	O	我稍微扭了一下手臂，但是没关系。
tr	O	马克斯回答了，并且阿蒙回头看着我。
tr	I	Rex still hovered , but Melissa was a lot more functional here in the blue time .
tr	I	She realised her problems were only just starting , and Faye remained silent as these words sunk in .
tr	I	It was mostly covered in snow , but a compound had been constructed there .
tr	I	We burst out laughing , and the absurdity of the moment washed over us .
tr	I	He held up a finger , but I was about to protest .
tr	I	You know the rest and Section 100 thought up the Purple Cipher operation .
tr	I	I knew nothing of that drive , but humans often shared sexual contact for recreational purposes .
tr	I	He was gone and I came outside .
tr	O	我不知道她是怎么做到的，但是她那银铃般的笑声听起来确实很真诚。
tr	I	I think I still remember how , but it 's been a long time .
tr	I	In a desperate effort to steady herself , Julia focused on Douglas and the room was still spinning .
tr	I	He nearly always accompanied them , but Colin didn 't always lead the expeditions in time .
tr	O	他们正在举办一场盛大的王冠珠宝展览，并且我们为该活动设置了安保。
tr	O	她告诉自己要看着他的眼睛，但是她做不到。
tr	O	他开始动弹了一下，并且我对此也无能为力。
tr	I	He made no attempt to acknowledge my presence but Benny 's eye 's darted up .
tr	O	它是短暂的，但是它确实存在。
tr	O	她用舌头抵着他的，贪婪地索取他的一切，并且他紧紧抱住她，将一切都回报给她。
tr	I	They were only doing work and it was only Katie Buick .
tr	O	联邦十四个周期以来首次迎来了和平，并且人们需要庆祝。
tr	I	They are also human , but they are my people .
tr	O	其他时候，他会轻柔地哼着小调，并且我会完全融化。
tr	O	他可以用那种语气向我提出任何要求，并且我不会拒绝。
tr	O	他扔掉了箱子，并且他的目光落在了她的身上。
tr	I	She almost panicked wondering what had her trapped , and there was an enormous pressure on her chest .
tr	O	他有其他更合身的，但是没有一件状况好到可以在这里穿。
tr	I	Her tiny nose wrinkled and her brows pinched .
tr	I	Snow Job never felt the blade crease his skin , only the thin trickle of blood running down his neck and the blade was razor sharp .
tr	I	She miraculously found her pleasure again , and their tempo increased , perfectly matched .
tr	I	I would have freaked out my family if I had done that but I almost thought about making it as miserable for you as possible .
tr	I	Jack would be regretting a lot more than being duped or he was damn lucky Richard called when he did .
tr	I	Cronus would have won , and Henry would have never joined the fight .
tr	O	泰勒·德雷克可能不是吸血鬼，但是他非常危险。
tr	I	I gave her immediately and she asked for water .
tr	O	音乐正在播放，并且温柔的旋律似乎让每个人都振奋起来。
tr	O	丝肯挣扎着手腕上的束缚，但是她无法挣脱。
tr	O	他哽咽了，快要哭了，并且我不知道该怎么办。
tr	O	我本以为他们会留下，但是眼看着他们的公主死去一定让他们承受不住了。
tr	O	艾玛通常是第一个到家的，但是她工作如此忙碌，以至于她没能第一个到家也就不足为奇了。
tr	I	The Lurkers have returned and Night has fallen .
tr	O	我有怀亚特的DNA记录，而且我们几个小时内就能拿到丹尼的DNA。
tr	O	我还没有好好睡一觉，而且我感觉到疲劳侵蚀着我。
tr	I	Tammie is grateful , and he doesn 't .
tr	O	警卫为他打开了门，并且他走了过去。
tr	O	他向前踉跄，又向后踉跄，并且接着他庞大的身躯倒了下去。
tr	O	他把车开到一个空地，并且我们下了卡车。
tr	O	他同意了，并且他们做出了必要的安排。
tr	O	窗户没了，房间变得昏暗许多，但是仍然完好无损的玻璃天窗提供了足够的光线来看清东西。
tr	I	The place was crowded , with loud music thumping through the air from a live band playing inside and it was Friday night .
tr	I	It has been four hours and Reagan still isn 't home .
tr	I	A number of men were sent to sick bay , but thankfully , Ali had never been prone to seasickness .
tr	O	有一些更原始的生命形式，但是昆虫并没有比它们先进多少。
tr	O	护士看了他一眼，仿佛他打电话的时间够久了，但是他移开了视线。
tr	I	Now his irises had turned an almost impossibly pale shade of gray , but he 'd had blue eyes his whole life .
tr	I	It never came , but she waited for the pain .
tr	I	You will not be allowed in , or please bring the flier with you .
tr	O	我转头与查理的目光相遇，但是他不动声色地摇了摇头，仿佛在说“待会儿再说”。
tr	I	He was surprised to meet her here , but the boy knew who the wolf was .
tr	I	She huddled against the cosy blanket and he went out .
tr	O	她的嘴唇微启，并且她的眼睛闭着。
tr	I	A throaty laugh escapes and his head tilts back .
tr	O	它作用很快，并且它很安全。
tr	O	那里几乎是空的，并且我们在半小时内吃完了饭。
tr	I	They run because they are naked , and they think they are going for a shower to disinfect them in case they have lice .
tr	I	He was ready to kill again , and this was the man with the machete , still wet with the blood of his last victim .
tr	I	They would come to a town and travel up the stream for about a day .
tr	I	He 's not someone that you want to make your enemy , and he used to be a friend of mine .
tr	O	他通常不会想到要欺骗她，但是今晚却不同。
tr	O	她爱他，并且这不可能。
tr	O	他想要答案，冲进了她的房子，并且当他经过厨房时，他往里瞥了一眼。
tr	O	传来一阵可怕的金属嘎吱声，并且我们都停下来倾听。
tr	I	He hadn 't been lying when he 'd said it was a long story , and Rafe began .
tr	I	They 'll soon hit a brick wall , but anyone who 's curious can find you online with the Inmate Locator service .
tr	O	公开处决灌输了恐惧，并且这群人现在需要害怕权威。
tr	I	They didn 't care that they were being rude , and the strangers were imposing on him .
tr	O	他的手拉动了一个连接着唐·弗朗西斯科隔间的把手，并且他的脚下打开了一个活板门。
tr	I	They couldn 't pin anything to us and it was right there under their noses .
tr	O	最年长的孩子罗莎莉读一年级，并且二女儿艾比小一岁。
tr	O	在他身后是一支车队，并且所有车里的人都全副武装。
tr	I	He hoped it would do the same here and setting fire had helped him escape the jailhouse .
tr	O	我想要他的手抚摸我，但是我想更深入地品尝他。
tr	O	他按下了突起，并且刀片弹了出来。
tr	I	She surprised him when she smiled , but her breath caught at the jab .
tr	O	至今为止，苏珊娜一直避免它，但是她不能永远拖延下去。
tr	O	凯尔不太可能让自己被看到，但是她不想冒任何风险。
tr	O	汗珠挂在他的额头上，并且他的头发湿漉漉的。
tr	I	That detail didn 't seem to matter , but I still didn 't know his name .
tr	I	There was still a thick layer of muddy slush , but it hadn 't snowed since yesterday morning , so they 'd made good headway .
tr	I	The driver got out to open the passenger door and we stopped in front of the town car .
tr	I	The shock was clear in my expression and I was shaking so hard .
tr	I	Blake reached to pick it up , and the phone on Neil 's desk rang .
tr	O	他的嘴角浮现出一丝微笑，并且他放松了下来。
tr	O	当她抬起脸看向他时，时间仿佛慢了下来，并且她的双唇在他的下方微微张开。
tr	I	In that second I drew myself under control , but I had been very upset , deeply upset .
tr	O	一阵寒风吹过我，并且我忍住了颤抖。
tr	O	她的翅膀收拢在身体两侧，并且乌黑的卷发披散在她的肩头，垂落在她光滑的手臂上。
tr	I	That didn 't mean anything , but anyway , he didn 't feel any of her power .
tr	O	阿利斯泰尔停顿了一下，并且丹尼尔猜测他正在与自己的记忆搏斗。
tr	O	她的手放在我的手臂上，并且我为她绷紧了肌肉。
tr	I	I was already feeling the weight and it was almost the end of week one of classes .
tr	O	乔什到外面和她会合，但是他保持着距离。
tr	O	基思看着我们三个人，但是他没有分享我们的笑容。
tr	I	She didn 't have to let him witness his power , but he might be able to seduce her with a glance .
tr	I	I grew up hearing my father 's rules on just about everything , and his Rules for Life , he called them .
tr	O	现在这个家伙出现了，并且你就像泰勒从未存在过一样扑向他。
tr	O	我的脖子绷紧了，并且我左右转动脖子，以免向错误的人发火。
tr	I	It was locked but he tried to get into room 106 .
tr	O	谣传人们曾因她的触碰而死亡，并且这不仅仅是总监的专业小道消息。
tr	O	他的嘴唇移向我的另一边乳房，并且他在下面舔舐，舌头在下方拖曳，漫长而缓慢。
tr	I	I want to apologize for that , and I know we 've persecuted you lately .
tr	O	那些血族用技艺和力量创造的个人储物柜无法支撑任何有生命的东西。
tr	O	莱德法官让我们转身面对他，但是我们仍然无法停止盯着对方。
tr	O	我想问他这件事，但是每次我问他他都会变得沉默。
tr	I	She gave him a quick hug and Colton helped June to her feet .
tr	I	He had to eventually accept that if we ran they would find us and we talked through all our options .
tr	I	She held him off , but he reached for her .
tr	I	He knew it , and she never could deny him when he pulled that one .
tr	O	又是一声金属的尖叫，并且下陷的地面骤降了一小段。
tr	I	He closed his eyes and Riley 's head fell back .
tr	I	Chantelle jumped , panicking as she slapped her pocket , praying the big man hadn 't heard the mobile and suddenly a loud buzzing sounded .
tr	O	他知道他们不会成为恋人，但是他曾想过他们可以成为朋友。
tr	O	罗娜被迫坐到椅子上，并且一品脱麦芽酒被塞进了她的手里。
tr	O	他听起来很疲惫，但是罗曼继续前行。
tr	I	There was nothing she could do about it and she was going to be used to destroy the world .
tr	I	Simon pulled me back , but I tried to move toward Katherine .
tr	O	他没有订婚，并且这让他可以被追求。
tr	I	We started to run to the train station and he grabbed my hand .
tr	I	A man had to do what a man had to do but he could hear his grandmother complaining loudly .
tr	I	I decided that was what hell would feel like and my body felt like I was being ripped apart .
tr	I	Morley didn 't even look at her , but Claire jumped backward , just in case .
tr	I	The door bangs against the wall and I tear out of the room .
tr	O	他似乎在抱怨，但是这是一种控诉。
tr	I	They would have given it to him with no questions asked , and he could ask Congress for that money .
tr	I	She just got fed up with it , and I was hardly home .
tr	O	她把门打开了，但是她那考究的礼服太难打理了，以至于她很难出去。
tr	I	He paid them no mind , but he could hear the muted sounds of people chatting as they walked the deck nearby .
tr	O	他尖叫了一声，并且所有人都安静了。
tr	O	我热切地点了点头，并且他笑了。
tr	O	那是一次短暂的约会，并且她准备离开了。
tr	I	The despair was building every day , and I couldn 't feel her , no matter how hard I tried .
tr	I	He labored to fight them off , and waves of nausea passed over him .
tr	O	当她走到那辆黑色奔驰车的门边时，它打开了，并且一个穿着海军蓝西装的高个子黑发男人走了出来。
tr	I	I hear whispers coming from the window , and it 's the middle of the night .
tr	I	At the last minute she changed her mind , but at first she considered throwing it away .
tr	I	The guy did change his cell number , but I don 't think he did it on purpose either .
tr	O	这很混乱，但是我喜欢它。
tr	I	It 's the truth , but it might sound egotistical .
tr	I	Rick started speaking again , but each opened their mouths as though to ask a question .
tr	O	他带着爱意笑了，但是他的眼里却闪烁着一丝恼怒。
tr	I	I knew he was with me , and he smiled .
tr	I	It doesn 't really matter , but we 'd been aiming to get farther along today .
tr	I	We 'll decide then and we 'll wait until after the child comes out .
tr	O	我的头开始清醒了，并且我不再感到恶心了。
tr	O	作为一个机智的反驳，那有所欠缺，但是维丽蒂想不出别的了。
tr	O	我转动了手臂，并且刀刃从他手中脱落了。
tr	I	She quickly recovered , but her cheeks turned an endearing shade of pink , visible even in the weak torchlight .
tr	O	许多其他事物都是如此，但是感觉不属于其中。
tr	I	My body moves as if jerked by a string , but I don 't want to turn toward the voice .
tr	O	它松垮垮地垂在一条裤脚磨损的牛仔裤上，并且他的双脚是赤裸的。
tr	O	古德内斯把那本宣传册拍到她的挡风玻璃上，并且那个女人甚至都没有看它。
tr	O	河水可能已经冲走了她血液的所有痕迹，但是我将永远在手上带着它的污迹。
tr	I	She flexed to it and he rubbed his hand up her side .
tr	I	I let out a soft groan , and she pulls me down until my bare flesh seals over hers , inch by erotic inch .
tr	O	我将保留你的服务，并且仅限于你的服务。
tr	O	他的身体开始绷紧，并且他拉开了她的头。
tr	O	他的黑发长到足以显示出自然的波浪，并且它完美地服帖着。
tr	O	我是第一个到的，并且我将是最后一个走的。
tr	I	Then he relaxed , pulling my body against his , and Benji 's entire body tensed .
tr	I	If it was meant to be , we would stay together , and we agreed that our college experience came first .
tr	I	Her eyes bulged unnaturally , and her lips were cracked .
tr	I	Something dangerous sparkled in his eyes , something she had only seen in their darkest fights , and he snapped .
tr	I	A drop of water slipped down her face and her mascara had started to run .
tr	O	局势看起来毫无希望，但是出血量很少。
tr	O	宝贝，我还在处理这件事，并且是的，我很生气。
tr	I	Aunt Geraldine wouldn 't be there , and soon he 'd walk into Whittier House .
tr	O	我的脸颊涨得通红，并且我更低地陷进了我的座位里。
tr	I	I gag and the scent of rotting flesh fills the air .
tr	I	Before our lips touch , his arms release my body , but I feel Tyson 's breath on my face .
tr	O	维洛看到一些女巫有鲜艳的头发，并且大多数男巫穿着昂贵的燕尾服。
tr	O	拿自己的生命冒险是一回事，但是她在惠特尼的阵营里有需要保护的人。
tr	I	The world believed me , and I denied our involvement once .
tr	I	He could top it off with the beige sports jacket and this would go perfectly with the rest of his outfit .
tr	O	她对大多数事情仍然有敏捷的反驳，但是她眼中已经没有了光芒。
tr	O	光线在我们刚经过的隧道的一个弯道处弯折，并且它随着脚步声的拖沓而摇曳。
tr	O	花不见了，并且卷发松散地披在她头上。
tr	I	The names piqued my interest , but I knew little of them .
tr	I	I have absolutely no idea what 's going on and I 've been here all day .
tr	I	I 'm afraid it came out more smug than reassuring but I smiled at her .
tr	O	她转向他那边，仿佛感受到了他的目光，并且迪恩猛地转过身去面对肖恩。
tr	O	他不信任任何人，而且那也包括安东尼。
tr	O	她动了动眉毛，但是他仍然显得很腼腆。
tr	O	我没有回复，并且站了一会儿后，她走向门口。
tr	I	Yet she couldn 't seem to stop , and loving him was going to ruin her .
tr	O	他们离开时，伦顿说医生每次探视只允许他半小时，并且亚当斯和他一起走回病房。
tr	O	我过去两天没怎么和她说话，但是我不知道一个高年级生为什么想让我的妹妹参加他的派对。
tr	O	好吧，也许他是一个杀人绑架的疯子，并且有更好的方法来处理。
tr	I	His covered his ears and he froze in terror .
tr	O	那个女孩，因为她不像大多数孩子那样惹人厌烦，而且她看起来也拥有用意志影响事物的能力。
tr	O	她故作坚强，但是萨姆能看出她对所发生的一切感到多么受伤。
tr	O	我的左手握成拳头，并且我手指拂过母亲项链留下的印记。
tr	O	我已经很久没有自己穿衣服了，而且我几乎都忘了怎么穿了。
tr	O	这看起来有点过于戏剧化，但是他觉得不得不表示关心。
tr	O	右轮滑出路面，并且我们腾空而起。
tr	I	Ellie fell into the darkness inside and the door flew open .
tr	O	她所要做的就是恳求，并且她心之所愿就会是她的。
tr	I	Darren was gone because of it , and I had done it ... me .
tr	O	她留意着交通情况，并且当她看到空隙时，她开始横穿。
tr	O	他们所有人心里都有担忧，但是温暖的春日阳光让他们暂时忘记了烦恼。
tr	O	我昨天早上开车一路去了威尔士，并且昨晚又一路开了回来。
tr	I	I can 't , but I wanted to .
tr	I	She wasn 't embracing him back , but Jane didn 't appear to be fighting .
tr	O	过了半个多小时她才到达山底，并且她离部落只有一半的路程。
tr	I	He points at the recorder , but I nod to the officer .
tr	O	他本不该在乎的，但是他在乎了。
tr	I	The four turned to her , apparently waiting to see her reaction , and clubs grunted his assent .
tr	O	服务员带着他们的食物来了，并且他们点了更多的酒。
tr	I	Her heart is failing , and the baby is coming .
tr	O	他有一头剪得很短的灰发，并且如果我没猜错的话，他六十多岁了。
tr	I	Running a red light turned left onto Shamrock , and she nodded , accelerated around another line of cars .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be there to save her and if I left , he might hurt her .
tr	O	嗯，我住在一个不错的社区，但是这并不意味着这些街道就没有犯罪。
tr	I	She knew she had to be glowing with embarrassment , and Heat suffused her face .
tr	O	发射餐厅的设计已经确定，并且施工进展顺利。
tr	O	他一旦认定了什么，并且他不会放手。
tr	I	You 'll find it and just walk along the shoreline toward the southern boundary of your property .
tr	I	My insides jumped with excitement and a few minutes later we were at the sway bridge .
tr	O	我盯着她看时，屏住了呼吸，并且她露出了一个宽大、快乐、美丽的笑容。
tr	O	她推开了他的脸，并且他跌靠在门上。
tr	I	Tiffany had known something was wrong as soon as she had stepped inside - Boom , but she was lying peacefully on the narrow iron bed .
tr	O	监狱里的人现在正担任服务员，而且他们做得很好。
tr	O	他把我的手放在上面，并且我顺从地用手指环住了它。
tr	O	他两次以为自己失去了她，然而她却仍然在这里。
tr	O	国防部不知道它能留在人类身上，而且没有人，甚至安德鲁，会转达那种信息。
tr	I	They should ride on and he should pul back .
tr	I	She was beginning to shiver in her wet bathing suit , more from alarm than cold , but the night was balmy .
tr	I	I nodded and he grimaced .
tr	I	He clearly reveled in the attention , and she rubbed the dog 's face .
tr	I	The picture went well , and we started shooting in the spring of 1950 .
tr	I	I am only one man , but I do not .
tr	O	他把手拂过烟头，并且它就亮起了一道五彩的火焰。
tr	O	他甚至不需要说一句话，而且我已经在考虑恳求他带我走了。
tr	I	Were yielding to it , and knew it .
tr	O	006 对他们保持着巨大的领先优势，但是等到豪华轿车被追上时，托比已经让大部分优势都蒸发了。
tr	I	She sits down and I hand her my logbook pen .
tr	I	They knew so much , but they were still people .
tr	I	I start thinking again about my brother , and we 're silent for a few miles .
tr	O	王子带着毫不掩饰的着迷观察着两个女性拥抱，但是他早已心意已决。
tr	O	他告诉我他是谁，你们是谁，以及你们所有人如何对待他，而且很快就清楚了，我们的目标是重叠的。
tr	I	You 'll never find her and Verity 's in there now .
tr	O	他的牙齿撕下了那生物的头颅，但是那些手继续残害着他的兄弟。
tr	O	显然我比梅根高，但是她也没有落后太多。
tr	O	第二座塔楼过去了，并且鲍里斯开始小跑起来。
tr	O	他问了，但是她清楚地知道他完全明白她的意思。
tr	I	I decide to head to the ladies room to give myself time to think and Worry pinches my brow .
tr	O	瞬间的尴尬涌上心头，并且她意识到自己是个多么刻薄的女人。
tr	O	她的腿悬空在离地面几英尺的地方，并且她紧紧抓住他的手，试图挣脱。
tr	O	他可能不同意那个地方的运营方式，但是他仍然在意她穿着干净的衣服。
tr	O	绿闪电的耳朵竖了起来，并且她哼了一声。
tr	I	He wasn 't supposed to use it , but Riva had ultimate power tucked inside his tunic .
tr	I	Wasn 't totally unexpected , but this was not good .
tr	O	他的指关节抽痛着，但是那是一种舒服的痛，一种让精神愉快地悸动的痛。
tr	O	他又缓慢地向她迈出一步，并且街灯照在他的脸上。
tr	I	In the last second , he pushed it back under , but it reminded him there was a lot he didn 't know about her .
tr	O	她一直要它，但是他们不让她得到它。
tr	I	When it came out of the blue , she wasn 't prepared , but she could handle the pain if she knew it was coming .
tr	I	Ken swiftly twisted his right leg , stomping my left leg , but the attack disappeared .
tr	O	她摇了摇头，但是笑声渐渐消失了。
tr	I	The real reward would only come with Barton 's capture , and neither wanted to touch the girl .
tr	I	She shook her head vigorously , and Rosy laughed in a way that expressed embarrassment .
tr	O	第二个选择是你不加入我们，但是你同意帮助我们。
tr	O	我已经亢奋了两周，并且我肯定约翰也是。
tr	O	她后退了一步，并且诺拉知道她的女儿害怕太靠近这个她深爱的男人。
tr	O	汽车旅馆办公室附近有一台汽水机，并且如果这变成一个漫长的夜晚，她会需要咖啡因。
tr	O	他知道我能告诉他的时候会告诉他，但是此时此刻，我想我不能。
tr	O	后面的两排都满了，但是我却是前排唯一的一个人。
tr	I	The game was on and the plan was tight .
tr	O	我们紧握了很久才放手，并且他是离开前第一个回头看的人。
tr	I	His eyes were liquid with emotion and he lifted his mouth from mine .
tr	O	他觉得它有股奇怪的铃兰花香味，并且这让他想起了老年人。
tr	I	An answering response raced through her body , and she watched desire spark in his eyes .
tr	I	Since he was managing to keep a straight face , she went on , but he made a pained sound .
tr	I	A marriage would have been forbidden and they were from the same clan .
tr	O	她的眼泪顺着脸颊流下来，并且她用束腰外衣抹了抹眼睛。
tr	O	恶心涌上他的喉咙，并且他迅速后退。
tr	I	Maybe that wasn 't such a good idea , but she 'd fantasized about talking to Josh for days .
tr	I	Adding in Kevin 's frequent travel made it harder , but trying to make a long distance relationship work was difficult enough .
tr	O	事实上，他周围的水里有许多老鼠游来游去，但是它们都没有理会他。
tr	O	它通常都是这样开始的，并且最终关系会自行瓦解。
tr	I	We were approaching land and my eyes blinked open .
tr	I	Old it had been when it was turned , and long it had been kept from the sun .
tr	I	I struggled deep inside , but after we first slept together , I never told anyone .
tr	O	当她的嘴巴试图喘息时，她的肺里充满了腐蚀性胆汁，但是她的胃却不听使唤。
tr	O	这是我一生中最可怕的情况，然而不知为何我知道他会确保我们能离开这里。
tr	O	事情结局不错，但是有一些波折。
tr	O	它会冲破，但是荆棘刺伤了它。
tr	I	With Isaac gone she might still have insisted he go back to bed , but Claire felt sorry for him .
tr	O	他有占有欲的一面，并且我无法决定自己对此有何感受。
tr	O	我抓起背包并把它甩到肩上。
tr	I	Too much energy is in her and she 's wound up over something .
tr	O	我的心因她真诚的关心而软化，并且我把她紧紧抱住。
tr	O	那个男人一丝不挂，并且他看起来身材很好。
tr	O	你可以称之为爱，或者你可以称之为自由落体。
tr	I	I filled the glasses and we sat on the couch .
tr	I	That did not stop the memories starting to flood back to him , but it had changed a little in appearance .
tr	I	Rema yelped , and he squeezed her arm harder .
tr	O	又过了四天他们才找到一个双方都方便的时间见面，但是最终这一切都是值得的。
tr	O	它在黑暗中闪烁，并且莉齐看到他的脸上因惊讶而容光焕发。
tr	I	He felt his mind begin to scream : Please wake up , and it was more than he could bear !
tr	O	这种感觉没有消失，而且他让她胃里小鹿乱撞的感觉也没有消失。
tr	O	她的牌已经收好了，或者她就会再做一次占卜。
tr	O	他说他签署了一份承认谋杀的书面声明，而且据说还有一段视频。
tr	I	It didn 't make me feel any better , but Bianca assured me .
tr	I	A brief silence settled over the group , and all nodded in unison .
tr	O	盘踞在他胸中那个深结解开了，并且他深深吸了一口气，仿佛那是他第一次呼吸。
tr	O	他仍然摩擦着她的手臂，并且感觉很好。
tr	I	Alexander will be speaking against our involvement , and Kevin Winthrop will speak for the Resistance .
tr	I	She hadn 't thought about Noel 's actions impacting his other relationships , too , but she was grateful for her brother 's loyalty .
tr	O	他以工作的危险为生，而且这份工作不鼓励情感上的联系。
tr	I	It still took forty-five minutes to get out to the hospital , but I rode as fast as I could .
tr	O	她的未来不会有高官显贵，但是她会满足于保住自己的工作。
tr	I	He didn 't care but an audience was gathering .
tr	O	杰罗姆没有松开西蒙娜，但是那种算计的眼神仍在他的目光中。
tr	I	I tried to divert my attention from my leg and my eyes rolled back into my head .
tr	I	Ethan burst out laughing , and Mike shook his head at his friend .
tr	I	A small sigh escaped me , and I swallowed my pride again .
tr	O	最后的鸿沟是巨大的，但是男孩毫不犹豫地纵身一跃。
tr	O	今天的工作完成了一半，并且另一半也不成问题。
tr	I	It starts to get awkward , and a moment passes .
tr	O	她知道自己在做什么，并且我无法否认我知道她有走得更远的才能。
tr	I	At this moment , I was actually glad and I had been homeschooled .
tr	I	I let out a shrill scream and Gabriel tossed me in the air .
tr	O	当他回来时他浑身是血，并且那个人很高兴。
tr	O	吉迪恩抚摸着凯的头发，他试图想些什么来安慰她，但是此刻，他却词穷了。
tr	O	他曾试图让她放松，但是没有成功。
tr	O	她的脉搏仍然有些快，但是她的脸颊恢复了血色。
tr	O	她的手臂搭在他的肩膀上，并且他的手臂环绕着她的腰部，以免她摔倒。
tr	I	Carole 's greeting left her uncomfortable , but Katie forced herself to continue smiling .
tr	O	我与这个AI合作已经两年多了，并且我几乎还没有触及那个小黑盒的皮毛。
tr	I	I 'm okay , but I 'm sad .
tr	O	我开始转身，气得说不出话来，但是他抓住了我的手腕。
tr	O	萨曼莎伸手去拿她的夹克，并且艾莉森伸出了手。
tr	I	He spoke and I turned .
tr	I	He was powerful , and he was rich .
tr	O	我在外面，并且我们每个人都多了一千五百美元。
tr	O	我做了一件坏事，而且我把他推给了她。
tr	O	我在比佛利山庄的顶层公寓里感到很安全，并且它的墙上摆满了关于二十世纪之前几乎每个时代的书籍。
tr	O	他沉默了一会儿，并且我担心我可能惹他不高兴了。
tr	O	他当然认识她，并且满意的笑容爬上了他的嘴角。
tr	I	His face was full of burning light , and Jace was breathing hard as he spoke .
tr	I	She felt genuinely blessed and she knew it was rare to experience what she had .
tr	I	It is on the floor but I want to go underneath it to hide .
tr	I	I find I can 't lie to him and I look up into those clear blue eyes .
tr	I	She became aware of her other wounds then , especially the bullet wound , and her heart beat faster .
tr	I	They did tend to dominate this woman 's thin face , but as for her eyes , Cale had always found large eyes an attractive feature .
tr	O	我早些时候离开时她在家，并且我想知道她是不是和汉克出去吃午饭了。
tr	O	警察已经失去了那艘采取了某种外星规避行动的潜艇，但是警方并没有放弃！
tr	O	她去了商店，并且我被留在了街上。
tr	I	I strategized accordingly , and I knew where my enemies were going .
tr	O	它的目的不为人知，但是它已被匆忙改造成了一个机库。
tr	I	He shivered at the thought of two people like that on the same planet , and she reminded him of his sister .
tr	O	她睁开眼睛，希望着，期待着...，但是世界并没有恢复正常。
tr	I	It wasn 't the same , but Keller had studied the plans .
tr	O	它没有那么丘陵起伏，但是中间有一片沼泽地带。
tr	I	Deckard had to light the pilot for the gas heater , but the shower still had a reservoir of water .
tr	O	我回头看，并且她站在通往她卧室的走廊入口处。
tr	I	I still picked up the occasional thought floating about , but my mind was exhausted .
tr	I	He backed away and a smile curled on the other man 's face .
tr	O	她穿着一件短款海军蓝连衣裙，搭配黑色及膝靴，并且她的头发扎成了利落的马尾辫。
tr	I	The wind was dropping and the sun was high .
tr	I	She wasn 't overly worried but she couldn 't see Mason .
tr	I	She shook her head , and her lips compressed in fear .
tr	I	It just didn 't work , but I tried not to look in Eric 's eyes , so I could leave him with a clear conscience .
tr	O	她的眼中充满了怀疑，但是我 Helene也能看到希望。
tr	O	连衣裙垂到了她的腰间，并且他深吸了一口气。
tr	O	艾德里安知道是时候告诉莉莉接下来需要发生什么了，但是她已经滑下床了。
tr	O	他冲着马洛里咆哮，并且她吓了一跳。
tr	O	我怀疑很多事情，但是这是我确定的一件事。
tr	I	Now we 're stuck with that thing , and I risked my life .
tr	I	He closes his eyes , understanding what that means for Karen 's past and I nod .
tr	O	她张开嘴想说些关于家具的事情，但是她心里真正想的却是那个愚蠢的星座运势。
tr	I	I 'm still here , and I open my eyes .
tr	O	他背着一个背包，但是那可能意味着任何事情。
tr	I	I was alone again , and the door clicked shut .
tr	O	屏幕变黑了，并且接着白色的墙壁又回来了。
tr	O	男人回头看了一眼车，并且艾比看到另一个人坐在副驾驶座上。
tr	O	他张开嘴想说话，但是她举起了一只手。
tr	O	马库斯的嘴角带着赤裸的魅力，那是一种无声的鼓励，并且她的心跳停止了。
tr	I	Her mind whirled , and his lips brushed over hers , softly .
tr	I	I was instantly filled with trepidation and Low moans echoed throughout the halls .
tr	I	Julie searched his face for some hope , and he regarded her curiously .
tr	I	Something ancient stirred , and Alyosha pushed the power into his hands .
tr	I	I couldn 't even begin to reciprocate , but the cast laughed good-naturedly .
tr	O	她低头看着那张小巧而严肃的脸，并且这次她的心膨胀起来，盛开直到几乎充满了她的胸腔。
tr	O	我猛地站起来，因为背部的疼痛而龇牙咧嘴，并且警长抓住了我，把刀抵在我的喉咙上。
tr	O	我告诉她我不能那样做，而且你也不是我想要的。
tr	O	凯蒂猛地推开夜店门，并且冷空气扑面而来。
tr	I	It was going to be a bloodshed , and one of them was going to fall .
tr	I	You 're right , and you have enough to do here .
tr	O	有人在叫我，但是听不到任何字眼。
tr	O	他们准备好开战了，但是他们不想。
tr	I	Joseph was rolling on the ground , slapping his side and the bearers sat around laughing .
tr	I	All would be right again and this must be a dream , a walking dream from which she would soon wake .
tr	O	她走到北墙去寻找她的灯笼，但是他挥了挥手点亮了蜡烛。
tr	O	艾登张开嘴，很可能想激烈地反对，但是哈迪斯打断了他。
tr	O	她是我的妻子，并且我是她的丈夫。
tr	I	The world went black , and before the fight was even over , darkness was overtaking her .
tr	I	The next few days are hazy , and I do not remember leaving the hospital .
tr	O	兰登停下来检查它，但是她继续前进。
tr	I	I stood where I didn 't think the fire would get me , and I had made a trail of gas from the bodies to outside .
tr	O	这太让人感同身受了，而且发现我弟弟以类似方式被谋杀的恐惧席卷了我。
tr	I	He saw Grant talking with Alexis outside and his gaze swept in the same direction .
tr	I	These were not normal wombats , but it wasn 't normal behavior for the animals .
tr	I	I couldn 't stand her hating me , but I knew we couldn 't be together .
tr	O	我尽量不与她进行眼神接触，并且我反而瞥向了AJ。
tr	O	可能不是整个世界，但是圣路易斯肯定没了。
tr	O	医生说我的手腕会痊愈，但是我的腿伤得很严重。
tr	O	我的声音听起来漠不关心，好像那个玩具毫无意义，但是我的眼睛却刺痛。
tr	I	Hannah had never seen an animal look closer to being smug and the gray wolf snarled just then .
tr	I	A sudden calm settled over him but he didn 't know why .
tr	O	看到我，看到完整的我，而不是支离破碎的我，而且你就会得到答案。
tr	O	他看起来很放松，但是他的眼睛危险地闪着光。
tr	I	We still didn 't see her , but people started to gather near the soup kitchen door , waiting for it to open .
tr	O	她的身体因为最新一轮的药物而嗡嗡作响，并且她疲惫地看着门边的驯兽师。
tr	I	There was no smirk and it wasn 't critical .
tr	I	The doors opened immediately , and the elevator was still on his level .
tr	O	他的手像钢带一样环绕着我的手腕，他的腿剪刀般夹住我的脚踝，然而他的举止却完全是漠不关心的。
tr	O	也许是奥利弗夫人，但是她正在度假。
tr	O	他们刚刚在双人约会后安定下来，并且金伯利在隔壁房间等他。
tr	O	Channing 看起来很失望，并且我很快地走开了。
tr	O	这对我来说不会容易，但是我目前会尽我所能给你。
tr	O	嫉妒是一种可怕的情绪，但是我现在正感受到它。
tr	I	That was about as easy for him to do as it was me to keep smiling , but Jesse tried to keep from smiling .
tr	I	Cold did not bother her , and Adara was a winter child .
tr	I	There was no military discipline in his stride , no attention to his surroundings , but he had a rifle on his shoulders .
tr	I	I was told you were unavailable , but I tried to contact you then .
tr	I	She cut me off , but I drew a breath to plead my case .
tr	I	It wasn 't from the physical attraction that was still palpable in the air , but my pulse began to race .
tr	O	他小心翼翼地走进了那个男人的房间，并且两人进行了持续数小时的闲聊。
tr	O	她的脚踢到了我的肚子，并且我肺里的空气都跑光了。
tr	O	我环顾了海滩，并且一切都如常。
tr	I	She must have already fallen into a deep slumber and she 'd been in bed when the girl appeared .
tr	O	她的桌角上放着一本为来年准备的新日历，并且他伸手去拿了那本。
tr	O	艾什的右臂中了一枪，并且托尼的左肩被击中两次。
tr	O	玛丽亚对安迪扬了扬眉毛，并且他对她点了点头。
tr	O	她立刻转过身，但是卡西迪却没看到有人跟着。
tr	I	My life was bleeding out and I was cut open .
tr	O	她拨通了埃里克的电话，但是没有人接听。
tr	O	我在沙滩上坐下，并且齐克坐在我旁边。
tr	O	我的手指抓紧了他的肩膀，但是我却不敢移动他。
tr	I	He was practical , but Bill wasn 't cynical .
tr	I	She did not , but then I stopped .
tr	I	She had no idea what time it was and the room was still dark .
tr	O	声音停止了，并且房间恢复到了一种近乎诡异的寂静，除了墙壁某处传来的一声闷响。
tr	I	She tried not to let it show , but Shana was disappointed , too .
tr	I	She is not there , but the roof above me is black once more -- I reach over for Cherie .
tr	I	These were optimistic people who enjoyed a good wager for the fun of it , but it was rather wild speculation at the moment .
tr	I	I thought it was sweet , but it might seem odd that my boyfriend loved to paint my toenails .
tr	I	He swallowed , and his jaws worked under his skin .
tr	O	芬恩小心翼翼地触摸着大树树干上的细小裂缝，而且它们立刻愈合了。
tr	O	他的眼睛眯了起来，并且他的脸涨红了。
tr	O	她笑了，并且我闭上眼睛，陶醉于那宁静的声音。
tr	O	用餐当然是为了美食，但是它也是一个社交活动。
tr	O	随着一张张脸掠过，我的胸口一紧，并且我挣扎着吸入一口气。
tr	I	Today the sight before her eyes made her mouth water but she 'd thought he was sexy in his business suit .
tr	I	I haven 't had the freedom to run in longer than I can recall , but I 'm stronger .
tr	O	我想问他关于昨晚那些隐晦的言论，但是我无法确定是否能找到最佳时机来做这件事。
tr	I	She pointed the muzzle of the gun at the desk , but Chloe wasn 't sure what he was going to do .
tr	O	那恶心的咕噜声停止了，但是尼克的身体仍在抽搐。
tr	I	Helen held onto to whatever was solid and the bed moved underneath her .
tr	O	他们迅速行动，并且他没等多久就开始强行进入我的嘴里。
tr	O	他的嘴巴紧闭着，并且即使我以前品尝过他好几次，这个谜团也快把我逼疯了。
tr	O	世界再次开始碎裂变黑，但是这是最后一次了。
tr	I	I was just trying to move on , but I know that I did the same thing to you after we broke up .
tr	I	Instead there was a feeling of flying , and she felt her fever was going away .
tr	O	满月还有几天才到，但是它的美丽依然充满了我。
tr	O	我注意到坠毁的地点离地面越来越近了，并且我知道一旦树木着火，一切都会爆炸。
tr	O	如果真是这样，那意味着他的勃起是为了她，而且只为她一人。
tr	I	I grieve the loss of it , yet I can 't even define it .
tr	I	I drove past the gates , and he climbed in without comment .
tr	O	结果是伊丽莎白为“下方之物”打开了这扇门，并且娜迪娅差点被杀。
tr	O	房间天花板很高，但是对于房子的整体面积来说，它却出奇地小。
tr	O	我又一次退休了，并且我喜欢这种感觉。
tr	I	The offer to show us some of the country sounds good to me , and he 's certainly being friendly enough , considering we hardly know him .
tr	I	I tried not to smile as he messed up the phrase , and he grinned .
tr	I	They had to be there if the flashlight was on , but I didn 't see anyone within the room .
tr	I	What is this going to set me back , but you are one big thinker ?
tr	O	我伸出手，并且她把它递给我。
tr	I	I find myself staring at his zipper instead and he turns .
tr	O	我认为你对伍兹的看法是错的，但是我已经告诉过你了。
tr	O	他的脸咧开一个傻笑，并且他耸了耸肩。
tr	O	我们抬头望向天空中的星星，它们闪烁着，并且云彩在它们上空掠过。
tr	I	She growled and my wolf 's ears perked up .
tr	I	Bod got out , and the large policeman opened the door .
tr	I	I joined in and she laughed .
tr	O	树木在草坪上投下不祥的阴影，并且空气中的寂静让我脊背发凉。
tr	O	我们需要一侧的保护，否则我们会在天亮前死去。
tr	I	I rub his neck and Star rests his chin on my shoulder .
tr	I	The chopper was now quickly approaching 400 miles per hour and suddenly there was a burst of speed .
tr	I	It warmed her all the way through and it was a look of pure pleasure .
tr	I	They 'd pulled over almost immediately , and he 'd held out his thumb , thankful that Zeus was with him .
tr	O	我在芝加哥有自己的生活，而且仅仅因为我们有很棒的性爱，并不意味着我会放弃一切成为你的追随者。
tr	I	I was so grateful and he yanked his shirt over his head .
tr	O	很明显他不想让她走，但是瑞秋做不到这一点，她无法成为一个女王。
tr	I	It 's not bad , but my work isn 't the best .
tr	I	The storm kept the sound of his voice from reaching her , but he called out .
tr	O	我把它捡起来，检查着，但是没有任何东西表明它是什么。
tr	O	当然有克莱夫，但是他是我的远房表亲。
tr	O	山峦耸立，并且山谷下陷。
tr	I	I was suddenly self-conscious about my appearance , and Cohen stood silently studying me .
tr	I	The storm hadn 't let up yet and it was getting darker out .
tr	O	太空某处有人在玩这个游戏，并且某个可怜的灵魂被迫猜测所有这些混合的结局会是什么。
tr	I	His eyes were on the trees and Grant 's rifle was in his skilled hands .
tr	O	我的肺扩张了，似乎要爆炸，并且就在我以为我再也无法忍受的时候，我的胸口软了下来。
tr	O	我从商店货架上往下看，并且手里紧紧抱着一个洋娃娃的是维多利亚的小妹妹布里安娜。
tr	O	既然利亚姆大部分时间都独来独往，他不认识这些新吸血鬼，但是他张开双臂欢迎他们。
tr	O	精灵们把明亮的灯笼带到了岸边，并且他们唱着欢快的歌，随着队伍渡河。
tr	O	他看到了，并且他的语气软了下来。
tr	O	如果没有，我将不得不仔细研究那些古董书，并决定保留哪些，然后将其余的在拍卖会上卖掉。
tr	O	他想他本不该对一位重要的商业伙伴如此不屑一顾，但是他有更紧急的事情要处理。
tr	O	我想提醒他我们technically还没有结婚，但是我没说出来。
tr	O	他告诉过她他爱她，并且她第二天就离开了。
tr	I	I wrapped my arms around his neck , wishing that a hug would give him even a little comfort and he let out a huge sigh .
tr	O	她的表情如同饥饿，甚至饥渴，并且她急忙走过去，直接踩在上面。
tr	O	任何与我们母亲有关的事情都让我身心俱疲，并且我发现坐着的时候思维更清晰。
tr	I	This time Deb picked up after the third ring and Sera tried dialing again .
tr	I	He was a complete terror in the jousting lists , but his manners were exquisite .
tr	I	There will already be hundreds fleeing back , and we do not know how far the army have got .
tr	I	She ended flat against the wall , and he fell against her in a tight hug .
tr	I	We have to switch matter and we need their help because the energy supply is in low concentration .
tr	O	我的手指在我试图够到那个地方时抽搐着，但是我的手臂不想动。
tr	I	Paulina wants to come here and Louisa is getting married soon .
tr	I	It 's tiny , and as far as I can tell , this is the only motel in Baker .
tr	I	His head had an odd tilt to it , but he always threw a chin wave when we met .
tr	O	对不起，我这么久没有祷告了……并且对不起，我一直不相信您……我……
tr	I	Those of us who were uninjured rode on at a brisk pace , hoping to cut our time , and frustrated , we finally split the party .
tr	I	Cain faced the wall , and the woman in the lobby looked up .
tr	O	她从未从拂晓走到午后，并且几乎不可能继续下去。
tr	O	爱德华的号角发出更亮的光，并且克林的侧面变得比肉体更像液体。
tr	O	声音太大了，并且在我还没意识到的时候，我已经更靠近他了。
tr	I	We still stayed , and then he died .
tr	I	I liked to think she tried best she could , but there weren 't too much she could do as the wife of a weak lord .
tr	I	The pulse in his throat stayed steady , and his hands didn 't shake when he looked at her .
tr	O	要么是那样，或者相爱却无法结合的恋人的浪漫神话是真的。
tr	O	像那样的一击，所以她将永远无法恢复。
tr	O	我想马上离开，但是埃科阻止了我。
tr	O	他们的腿碰到了，但是他们俩在整个用餐期间都没有费心去挪动它们。
tr	I	Kenzie spoke up , as if she 'd just figured it out , but I didn 't know what she was getting at .
tr	I	The other held a steaming cup of tea and one hand was extended to receive my coat .
tr	I	Now she saw he was utterly alone , yet she had always thought of him as being entirely self-sufficient .
tr	O	他的目光短暂地停留在女孩身上，但是他心里摇了摇头。
tr	O	所有这一切将由柯林资助，并且他不在乎这会花费多少钱。
tr	O	我的旅行很安全，并且一切都按计划进行。
tr	O	科尔比严令我不要对任何人提起这件事，但是我看到伊芙琳时就是无法保持沉默。
tr	I	He was definitely fun to hang out with , but not that I was sure he was even interested that way .
tr	O	就是这样了，并且他们俩之间的争吵结束了。
tr	I	Suddenly Reece came crashing out holding his left eye , and she heard someone running up the steps .
tr	O	她用疑问的眼神看着我，并且我想要告诉她不。
tr	O	我们周围渐渐有了轻声的谈笑，并且我们桌上的每个人似乎都继续下去了。
tr	I	That could be makeup , but she was light-skinned with a tinge of red in her cheeks .
tr	O	玛丽亚脸上的某种神情触动了他，并且他想知道为什么。
tr	I	It was getting closer , and it looked faster now .
tr	O	我知道雷勒索你的钱财，并且他胁迫你偷窃原型机。
tr	I	She 'd started wearing her parka around the stables and there was frost on the ground when she came into work in the morning .
tr	O	我看到肯尼打了科尔顿的胳膊，并且科尔顿耸了耸肩。
tr	I	Her mouth was suddenly dry but Elissa had just taken a large bite of toast .
tr	I	A single light fixture was fixed in the middle of the ceiling and the walls of the room were painted gray .
tr	O	瑞克后悔他竟沦落到那个地步，但是亚当一直不依不饶。
tr	O	就在我考虑过去的时候，有人从后面挠我的痒痒，并且我穿着小丑的鞋子差点跳得崴了脚。
tr	O	她对未来没有任何答案，但是她知道自己现在需要什么。
tr	O	一个接着另一个身影跳了起来，并且看起来一个比另一个更强大。
tr	I	He didn 't even raise his eyes to glare at her through his rimless , rectangular glasses , but she moved around the table to face him .
tr	I	Alicia Keys blasted over the stereo , and the DJ cranked up the music .
tr	O	她的头疼得厉害，并且她觉得随时要吐。
tr	O	你把地址给我，并且你不需要来。
tr	O	通常她能把文书工作处理得井井有条，但是上周她太忙了。
tr	I	I seemed pretty serious and he kept saying you .
tr	I	The glitter on the table sparkles , and the moon shines on the puzzle .
tr	O	一分钟后他们在停车场中央停了下来，并且托比把公文包放在了安保摄像机清晰可见的地方。
tr	O	马匹可能在另一天就惊奔了，或者别的什么事情会发生。
tr	O	我试图把手拉下来，但是我太迟了。
tr	I	He squelched it , but a wave of anger overcame him for a moment .
tr	I	Really , nobody had to , but nobody said what had been done to them .
tr	O	维柯丁可能麻痹他折断的胳膊，但是它无法抚慰他破碎的心。
tr	I	She felt a glow inside , but Jenny waved dismissively .
tr	I	People of his rank usually were just married off in ways that benefited the families , and he was of poor means .
tr	I	The official 's face started to turn amber , and the crowd gasped .
tr	I	Here you are offering everything , but I don 't deserve you .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but cool stone dug into her bare back .
tr	I	She was afraid to look at him again , afraid she might be swept away , and the heat radiated in the space between their bodies .
tr	I	Your mother will go to prison for not reporting your existence , and they 'll just shoot you like an animal .
tr	I	Then his eyes widened , but he started to speak .
tr	I	I was afraid to look up and I felt his eyes watching me .
tr	O	她不愿主动透露任何事让牛顿感到好奇，但是他什么也没说。
tr	I	They were still about to wreak havoc , but they wouldn 't hit like fired bullets .
tr	O	他听到店里传来一声呻吟，并且他看过去。
tr	O	她对此知之甚少，但是她本能地抓住了从达里厄斯流向她的精神力量。
tr	I	She 'd deal with that another time , but she might regret her impulse tomorrow .
tr	O	此时烟斗已经传遍了整个房间，并且大多数人都写下了他们对问题的回答。
tr	I	She did feel tired , with a weariness that was more spiritual than physical , but she no longer felt dizzy .
tr	I	It was big regional news , but I 'm from Wisconsin .
tr	O	那是五个月前的事情了，并且他在两个月内让我当上了船长。
tr	O	她试图伸手去碰他受伤的肩膀，但是他又扭开了。
tr	I	I knew I was going to die , and it rushed me .
tr	O	我扭动我的脸，向旁边，然后剁，剁，剁。
tr	O	它们是现金汇票，并且签名是完美的。
tr	I	Once more , my stomach tightened with worry that the Reapers had somehow captured Logan , like Vivian had claimed , but I didn 't say anything .
tr	I	I still wanted to congratulate him , but the news about the baby was hard on me .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop , but the shock of it tore me in two .
tr	O	当阿尔泰尔进入时，一位伊玛目正准备上前主持葬礼并且圣地一片寂静。
tr	I	I hated them , but I spent so much time with them .
tr	I	He feared that it was already too late for any systematic defence , but Ambrose heard muffled noises from the huts where his escort was quartered .
tr	O	伊芙，我并不太了解她，但是她却懂得爱他。
tr	O	他只瞥了我们一眼，但是我却读不懂他的表情，尽管我知道他很担心——焦虑不安。
tr	O	那是我听过最淫靡的声音之一，并且我拼命想摘下眼罩看他的表情。
tr	I	This dress would definitely make me stand out in the crowd , but Fletcher had taught me how to blend in with the shadows .
tr	O	他没碰她其他任何地方，只碰了那一颗乳头，并且他用力吸吮着。
tr	O	图像正在变得清晰，并且我看到了一扇窗户。
tr	O	尼古拉斯看着大人，并且两人都感到沮丧。
tr	O	电梯门开了，并且戴夫率先走了出去。
tr	O	他们嘲笑，但是我感到紧张气氛离开了餐桌。
tr	I	I 've got a lot more messages to get out before they shoot it down and we 're operating off an emergency satellite launch .
tr	I	He drank in the sight of her sleeping , and his thumb slipped off his BlackBerry .
tr	I	I offer the woman an apologetic smile before stumbling over my own feet as I hurry to keep up with Seth and he grabs my arm .
tr	I	I thank her , too , and Laura thanks her .
tr	O	注射与一个恶魔协同作用，并且麦克没有恶魔。
tr	O	我一年多没有说那个人的名字了，并且现在我无法控制自己了。
tr	I	Everyone said it was very old , and it looked like the White House .
tr	O	然后他向她保证，如果她想回家，他理解，并且他会跟着她。
tr	O	这当然不是他需要担心的事情，但是他能看出船长的困境正在折磨着他。
tr	O	他试图稳住我，但是我却挣脱开去靠近。
tr	I	He intended to hold off as long as possible , but she would eventually drag him inside .
tr	I	It was sapping their energy at a dangerous rate , and Zane knew it had gotten much colder than they had anticipated .
tr	O	他让其他小伙子散去，好让他们在下节课前清理干净，但是他却把杰斯留下来私下训斥。
tr	O	房间变得更加昏暗，而且突然觉得更冷了，尽管我内心焦灼。
tr	I	Again I took comfort in the distinct discomfort , and we settled back into the silence .
tr	I	His fingers are everywhere , but I twist in his arms .
tr	O	它们覆盖着湿滑的苔藓，并且它们并没有从悬崖边突出很远。
tr	I	He held her in place , but she tried bucking up again .
tr	I	She guessed it had nothing to do with her , and it hurt Daisy to see him like this .
tr	I	I also wasn 't sure I didn 't , but I wasn 't sure I did , really .
tr	I	He loved Jack Reacher books as much as I did , and it turned out he was a big horror movie fan .
tr	O	子弹在我身后的路面上叮当作响，但是它们的存在不再灼热。
tr	I	His arms wound around me before I made it to my destination , but not playing coy about it , I headed straight for the bed .
tr	I	I opened it to find Vee smiling , and there was a knock at the front door .
tr	O	哈珀可能拥有世界上最糟糕的品味，但是我仍然会喜欢它。
tr	O	每个人都背弃了我，并且她却因为饼干而生气？
tr	I	She shook it off and a frown passed over her face .
tr	O	他知道他们说什么，并且这并不重要，尤其当他们试图把你拖垮时。
tr	O	结果布莱恩和我在很多事情上都很合拍，包括商业合作。
tr	O	他的目光从我身上移开，并且他移开了他的手，让我的手孤零零的。
tr	O	他没有心情说话，并且她知道这一点。
tr	O	救济穷人从来不是一件容易的事，但是这次却比以往任何时候都糟。
tr	O	玛丽安希望她能看到她的眼睛，但是它们被太阳镜遮住了。
tr	I	Remains of vendors ' carts were scattered across the rubble , and the wall of the station house was gone as well .
tr	I	In the next breath he was inside her , and Peter opened her thighs .
tr	I	It was too late , but she tried to duck .
tr	O	他可能会出事，并且她永远不会知道。
tr	O	我只希望她停止说话，并且当她终于停止时我很感激。
tr	I	It did go to the Spartan gym but the bus service was nowhere near The Woodlands .
tr	I	His arms wrapped around me , pinning me to him , and he made a sound in the back of his throat .
tr	O	汽车开过去了，并且他们再次向前滑行，这次停在了麦克风险投资公司后面的墙边。
tr	I	Jasmine knew his recovery had more to do with the fact that he was finally at peace with himself , but they credited a strong constitution .
tr	I	I was not there , but I wake up on a bed , much like the one at Connie 's office .
tr	O	我听到皮肤被击打的声音中夹杂着一声女人的尖叫，并且我知道那不是我的女孩。
tr	I	I am sure it wasn 't you , but I don 't know what caused him .
tr	O	随着她越来越担心，敲打声越来越响，而且格伦很抱歉让她白费力气地寻找。
tr	O	他会确保我不会因为缺了一节课而受到处罚，并且我知道他仍然会让我上场。
tr	O	我想要答案，而且我想要它们在大卫改变主意之前。
tr	I	He heard her stop , sand scattering at her feet , and Mimi was a step behind him .
tr	I	We hadn 't tried them against warlock magic , but in the trials , they were always accurate .
tr	O	我把手机扔回桌上，仿佛它是火，而且我刚刚烧伤了我的手。
tr	O	当凯奇的嘴覆上她的嘴时，她的唇瓣微微张开，并且氧气渗入她的肺部。
tr	I	He was reluctant to let her out of his sight , but he didn 't know if it was the near fight with Jack Norton .
tr	O	现在他是我的了，可以让我看着，而且他如此英俊，让我心痛。
tr	I	It was time to let my guard down , and I realized that whatever this meal was , we 'd both just ruined it .
tr	O	哈利的眼皮颤动了一下，但是他除此之外毫无反应。
tr	I	My fingers get soaked and I 'm too late .
tr	O	比赛势均力敌，并且布拉德福德发球。
tr	I	Yet some of them probably had kids at home that they loved , but these men were choosing to kill millions .
tr	I	She deserved some answers and she was all grown-up .
tr	O	火焰包围了他的衬衫袖口，但是不知为何那种布料没有着火。
tr	I	His leg seemed worse , but his head was better .
tr	I	She had plenty of friends and she didn 't want rescuing .
tr	O	这将是史诗级捉迷藏游戏的终极场景，但是试图将他标记致死的骷髅会限制乐趣。
tr	I	I shall end this myself and I am losing my mind .
tr	O	他一触碰，并且她燃起来了。
tr	I	I knew she was there but I couldn 't see her .
tr	O	达西看得更仔细了，并且她屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	Calvin couldn 't think from where but he seemed familiar .
tr	I	It didn 't come , although the temperature in the small room dropped slightly , but I braced myself for the explosion of some kind .
tr	O	我以为他是在照顾我因为我感到孤独，但是根本不是那样。
tr	O	有时它很迷人，但是今天它只是惹人厌烦。
tr	I	While she typed they talked about what she translated and he gave her his second notebook to work on .
tr	O	他让我大吃一惊，并且我稍微尖叫了一声。
tr	I	I can 't walk around with a target on my back , but he 's going to have to take responsibility for his life .
tr	O	我总是努力地尽可能少透露自己的信息，然而娜塔莉似乎知道我所有可怕的秘密。
tr	I	The others was enough and pretending what she 'd felt for Harvey .
tr	I	You frown and your eyes narrow .
tr	I	He was assuming it was the latter , and he was probably recalling how she 'd told him she came from someplace hot .
tr	I	The Hub was plunged into darkness , and the lights went out .
tr	O	在这里，在房子里做，并且应该没问题。
tr	I	Yet she 'd never tried to get out , and her mother knew .
tr	I	It wasn 't as hostile as it had been , but her voice wasn 't warm .
tr	O	格温在她房间里，并且一位牧师正在赶来的路上。
tr	I	They had previously mixed the batter , which was now frying itself , being flipped automatically at the midpoint and the family owned a donut robot .
tr	O	他首先受伤，并且然后他父亲去世了。
tr	I	I 'm scared it 'll be a full-blown infection by the wedding day , and the right one is feeling a little achy .
tr	I	At the same instant , the wolf lunged at his throat , and he stepped forward out of the tree .
tr	O	它投下的影子让弗罗斯特的皮肤瞬间显得灰白，并且它吓到了我。
tr	I	My panties were a lost cause , but I ran my hands over my skirt to smooth out the wrinkles .
tr	O	它们都只是随意的触碰，并且他气愤于她学会了一个新把戏。
tr	I	It could hide nothing , but the concentration was tiring .
tr	O	尽管他很感激她迅速地服从了他，她如此行事却未对他自大发表评论，这不符合她的性格，并且那困扰着他。
tr	I	She took some deep breaths , and she knew what he was looking at .
tr	I	She hadn 't really considered the consequences to his soul , but she knew it was difficult for him to wait to claim her .
tr	I	It will always come back , but it will leave you .
tr	O	他们都对此有利害关系，并且我知道他们会想帮忙。
tr	I	That 's going to be all us Cowboys breaking into those facilities , and we 'll have to release the virus at several places all at once .
tr	I	I 'm not innocent , but you 're my first .
tr	O	这不是那种友好的似曾相识的感觉，但是一种让人想扇耳光的记忆。
tr	O	这样做，并且她就会让我一个人呆着。
tr	O	我不是特拉维斯，但是我却是他的朋友。
tr	O	我重新把注意力集中到电视上，并且门铃又响了，一连响了三次。
tr	O	我确信他能找到人照顾他，并且那么我们就不用担心她会遇见他了。
tr	I	It has always ended badly but we have tried to hide fugitives in the past .
tr	O	我国宪法规定人人生而平等，但是这是一个谎言。
tr	O	我们一同在欲望的山坡上翻滚而下，并且这感觉很安全。
tr	I	If it 's a simple job , then I 'm good , but it 's only once a week , mostly like last night .
tr	I	What I really noticed was Walkers jaw dropping , but my father smiled .
tr	I	I shivered , and Tristan growled .
tr	O	知道她没有，并且想让她承认他们在做什么。
tr	O	他是一个直言不讳的爱人，并且他的坦率让她变得无耻。
tr	I	Every nerve in my eternal body burned , and Desperation flooded me .
tr	I	The heat of it seared through her , and he delved his tongue deeply inside her .
tr	O	她不以为意地耸耸肩，外表上毫不在乎，但是，我能感觉到她内心藏着事。
tr	O	一名士兵拔出枪，并且我举起我的枪，开了一枪。
tr	O	他能从她的眼中看到他的未来，但是，他的过去不肯放过他。
tr	O	雪橇的设计是为了更方便拖曳受害者，并且其中一个吸血鬼把这个雪橇拖在他身后。
tr	I	He is still holding me against the wall but he lowers his eyes to mine .
tr	O	他曾问过，但是，她假装一切正常。
tr	I	He stopped trying to please me , and eventually my mood seeped into him .
tr	I	I couldn 't see his ugly beard sticking out anywhere , but I looked wildly all over the room for Mr. Marlin .
tr	I	He kept his temper , but his eyes suddenly flared .
tr	I	I went down to the reception very quietly , trying to not think too much of some consequences and I closed the door in my way back .
tr	O	终点在望，但是，情况仍然很艰难。
tr	I	Her alone , and somehow , the Princess had spotted her amongst this vast crowd , singling her out amongst so many to smile at her .
tr	I	He couldn 't get enough traction on either highway to regain control but their singular wheel slowed their speed with each bite of warped asphalt .
tr	I	They reeked , but the things were not only ugly .
tr	I	Now he is here , and my son was gone .
tr	O	她感到与世隔绝，并且失去了掌控。
tr	I	I mean in the football sense , but well , that goes without saying .
tr	O	有某种东西正在侵占我的身体，并且我无法做任何事来阻止它。
tr	O	整个小队都在，并且我还没能联系上他。
tr	I	She curled her legs around his waist , and her touches became more frantic .
tr	I	He lifted her up and she took his hand .
tr	I	We didn 't have many of those left together , and it was an hour with my mother that I would never get back .
tr	I	He surprised me after two minutes by taking a quick right , but I expected him to keep going till he got to his gated community .
tr	O	首批英国殖民者称他们为“流浪者”，并且这个绰号流传了下来。
tr	O	我从没想过我还会想再婚，但是克洛伊也为我改变了这一点。
tr	I	I 've learned that some scars run deep , but she 's blossomed quite a bit since then .
tr	O	我能听到她声音中的绝望，并且这刺痛了我的心。
tr	O	我想我尖叫了，但是我无法飞翔。
tr	I	I convinced her to keep at it , but she 'd planned to quit before the third session .
tr	O	女孩继续抽泣着，但是她在皮特站起身时设法低语了一句。
tr	O	他的表情很难捉摸，但是很快就变得茫然。
tr	I	Even the insects were mysteriously calm as though something unnatural stifled them and there were no birds that called from the trees .
tr	I	Everyone in the cavern leans in to hear what is about to be said , and Lennox asks .
tr	O	两栋建筑都采用了深色，几乎是黑色的木材染色，这种染色既显眼又与环绕房产的崎岖山地景观完美融合。
tr	O	她想和他一起去，但是她突如其来的恐惧阻止了她。
tr	O	厚重的雨云散去，并且下起了倾盆大雨。
tr	I	She wasn 't going to be happy about it and everyone would know .
tr	O	手术期间，所有电线都已连接好，但是它们现在不工作了。
tr	I	She didn 't understand why but Laci was nervous .
tr	O	她的指甲掐进了我的后颈，而且我几乎立刻就硬了。
tr	I	She knew how to defend herself and she was twenty-four years old .
tr	I	There was no real cheer but it was a great victory .
tr	O	空气中弥漫着她从未闻过的香气，但是她深吸了一口气，试图将它吸入肺部深处。
tr	O	我工作很忙，而且卡罗琳不得不照顾孩子们。
tr	O	我感到内疚，因为她经历了这么多，而且我不在她身边。
tr	O	她笑着回答，并且我五分钟内就到。
tr	O	我给他让开路，并且他只穿着浴巾走出了门，好像一点都不觉得尴尬。
tr	I	She laced up Tara 's , and Cassy turned around when her dress was secure .
tr	I	I stood , trying to make a run for it and he screamed .
tr	I	The world faded away , and she felt Tyler 's soft lips curve against hers .
tr	I	I stood there for a moment longer staring at the bed and she disappeared around the corner .
tr	I	She wore it even when the sun was shining , and her favorite raincoat had a Dora the Explorer patch on the sleeve .
tr	I	They fell to her ankles and he yanked her panties down her legs .
tr	I	His mind was screaming for him to get back behind a tree and for a second he was petrified .
tr	O	暂时杰克·布莱克伍德已经胜过我了，但是也许这会改变。
tr	I	Even Royce was not proof against it , and it was the highest of royal compliments .
tr	O	她钻进他的肩膀，并且杰克逊感到嫉妒的拉扯。
tr	I	I walked amongst them and Trees were still around .
tr	O	她不知道他是否知道她有那把步枪，但是很有可能他知道。
tr	O	她无法向任何人承认这点，但是加略山的每个人都怀疑它。
tr	I	For a moment the sheer size of it took his breath away , and now they were above the main battle , which raged below them .
tr	O	他笑了，并且那深深的小凹陷在他双颊上皱起。
tr	I	When I opened the door to unstick the bell I realized they could , but I thought things could not get any worse .
tr	I	Really I was trying to figure out what exactly she was doing here , but I nodded .
tr	I	He struggled to get his breath and his chest ached from the impact .
tr	O	茎秆特别高，并且我迷失在茂密的枝叶中。
tr	O	凯恩不会让她出任何不好的事，但是他不能因为她害怕而责怪她。
tr	O	一秒钟后门就开了，并且布雷迪的身影映在门口。
tr	O	我朝沙发指了指，并且我们去坐下了。
tr	I	Satin curtains were hung from inside to give privacy to the occupant and the cab was dressed in a blue velvet substance .
tr	O	他一边更深地进入我，一边吮吸着我的脖子，并且我感觉到他放开了。
tr	I	I can see the person getting closer and there are people yelling in the distance .
tr	O	确实，大多数居民宁愿不在这里，但是他们已经不再要求自由了。
tr	I	It swung open with ease and Bastian pushed against the door .
tr	O	帕克的笑容更深了，并且他啜饮着他的白兰地。
tr	O	米莉坐了一会儿，只是在思考，并且愧疚的念头掠过她的脸庞，很快就被一种纯粹的蔑视取代。
tr	O	他了解这片土地，这些树，并且他知道盲点在哪里。
tr	O	他仍然活着，但是他的生命正在迅速消逝。
tr	O	我迅速换回我的衣服，付了裙子的钱，并且我们回到了校园。
tr	I	He knew this one wasn 't right , but he couldn 't remember his own voice .
tr	I	It was only a moment before Fila began to move again , but there was a moment of surprised pain which made Ned stop altogether .
tr	O	他仔细聆听，并且在森林的寂静中他能听到一个声音，听起来像是从小屋里传出来的。
tr	O	他会后悔地去做，但是他会去做。
tr	I	He 's an instant too late , but he reaches for me .
tr	O	它上面有他的私人手机号码，并且他留下了指示，让我如果想起什么，可以在任何时间打电话。
tr	O	她哭了，但是接着她感觉到乔纳的手放在她的腰部。
tr	O	当我接手另一个时，我瞥了一眼桑顿，他用他加重的拳头击晕了一只野兽，并且莫罗将其刺穿。
tr	O	哦，当然，他在他的办公室里，但是他没有努力承认我们的存在。
tr	O	她也结交了新朋友，但是他们的信仰和她一样，都是方便的基督教。
tr	O	保安把狗仔队赶走了，但是损害已经造成了。
tr	O	她父亲的眼睛慢慢合上，但是他明显费力地又睁开了。
tr	I	Mike just shrugged , but I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	She touched it wistfully , and she fastened the locket her father had given her at age ten around her neck .
tr	I	The sword hit the fence , breaking it in two , and they managed to jump aside in time .
tr	I	He knew he was safe , but waves lapped gently over him , soaking him .
tr	I	She saw where she was and Sebastian moved his hands away from her eyes .
tr	I	I 'm preparing to go back home and it 's getting close to the holidays .
tr	I	I 'm just so relieved , but I know I should care .
tr	O	腿向一侧折叠，并且他倒在了地上，差点把沙恩也拉倒。
tr	O	她走进客厅时，他甚至都没看一眼电视屏幕，而且琳迪停了下来，预感到了最坏的情况。
tr	O	我有足够的钱维持我们所需的一切，但是我讨厌整天无所事事地闲坐着。
tr	O	我当时很累，但是我没说出来。
tr	O	只有少数人似乎关心学习，而且不少人根本不识字。
tr	O	她不应该转弯，但是她转了。
tr	O	孩子很少，而且如果船长如愿的话，就会一个都没有。
tr	O	建筑旁边有一个很小的突出物，而且我几乎能看到他的大脑在运转。
tr	O	她的呼吸急促，而且她的身体因恐惧而麻木。
tr	O	他对我笑了，但是我仍然感觉很糟糕。
tr	I	His eyes narrowed dangerously and Nick placed his hands on his hips .
tr	I	She rolled her eyes and I looked at Katie .
tr	O	你们可悲的父亲们将被遗忘，而且你们所有的亲人将作为奴隶死去！
tr	O	我抬头看着她，而且她对我笑了。
tr	O	我把猫递回他怀里，仍然不确定，但是感觉平静了一点。
tr	I	She was still unconscious but he tried to nudge Julie with his bare foot .
tr	I	On the way back , we got a flat , but it was only supposed to be a day trip .
tr	I	That disappointed me , and Thirteen I slept through the helicopter ride .
tr	I	He continued to fret about Titian 's absence , and he thought she was still a child .
tr	I	It wasn 't one of the ones that were in style and her white hair was up in a messy ponytail .
tr	I	More importantly , he didn 't like losing to me , but he didn 't like losing .
tr	O	它一直很难打开，并且他一直打算修理它。
tr	O	鲁珀特睁大眼睛盯着她，而且哈丽特口干舌燥。
tr	O	她的眼睛扫向后视镜，并且一瞬间，它们与你的目光相遇。
tr	I	Since his agonized attempt to talk to her , the feeling was even stronger than before , and nothing mattered except him .
tr	O	她对他摆出一副无辜的表情，但是他可不是傻子。
tr	I	Julie 's client was heading out , too , and Mabel had slipped out for a few minutes .
tr	I	It 's nothing I can 't live with , but my chest still hurts .
tr	O	我抬眼与他对视，并且一个缓慢性感的微笑立刻让我安心。
tr	I	She could still see them struggling on the ground , but Chloe couldn 't see them clearly with the wolves guarding them .
tr	I	It 's Jarvis who 's the most impressed , but Echo 's eyebrows go up .
tr	O	她说跳，并且我说哪里、多高、多久、以及多快才能照你的吩咐做？
tr	O	遮住如此美景真是可惜，但是他一定会再来看。
tr	I	Scared to mess with them , and amazed at their powers .
tr	I	Soul felt her head spin as she tried to understand what they were and most of what she read were a complicated series of numbers .
tr	O	过去几个月他一直很松懈，而且他恢复举重后感到筋疲力尽。
tr	O	她不像她的角色Maxie Malone那样擅长伪装，并且她当然也没有Maxie的资源。
tr	O	他可能听得到我，但是他从没再出来。
tr	I	William called for her to come in , and she knocked on the door .
tr	I	His perfectly proportioned physique filled it with superb class , but every man looked good in a formal dress suit .
tr	O	我希望那个干扰会持续，但是我想我的愿望不起作用。
tr	O	他记得前一晚亲吻了莎莎，并且然后一种最非凡的感觉袭上心头。
tr	I	His steady stare burned with intensity , and all tangible expression left his features .
tr	I	Joe took a quick step back , and Clay arched an eyebrow at Joe .
tr	O	她参与了，但是我却毫无进展。
tr	O	她的衣服有点宽松，但是凭借她对时尚的天赋，她巧妙地掩饰了。
tr	O	它会出现在我的梦中，仿佛它真的在发生，并且我最后会大喊让西耶娜跑。
tr	O	我把我的天文钟递给他，并且他用一套微型螺丝刀卸下背面。
tr	O	她给了你手镯后走回我们家，但是我不能。
tr	O	我拉开窗帘，并且那里确实有一条毛巾。
tr	O	星星在我眼前打转，但是我努力像芬恩教我的那样等待那股洪流过去。
tr	O	他们分享的爱依然让他惊讶，并且它同时让他感到害怕。
tr	I	The bar crowd was thinning and it was late Sunday night .
tr	I	She left him in solitude but normally Amy would have followed Danny like his shadow .
tr	O	我感到空气中有一丝颤动，并且瓶子里的东西变成了金色。
tr	I	There was a frown on his face , and he kept sending her looks as he drove .
tr	O	现在他的发际线后退了，并且他的平头是灰色的。
tr	I	He had to see with his own eyes that Claire was really gone , but the manager had gone in .
tr	I	I thought I was busted , and he glanced up at me .
tr	O	她突然举起右手，并且他们畏缩了一下。
tr	O	这是芬恩，并且我是我。
tr	I	The feeling of being trapped in that water lifted enough that I could breathe and the very air around her was utterly serene .
tr	I	Darius got in and the doors slid open .
tr	O	我能感觉到自己越来越紧张，并且我脸上的笑容似乎不愿消失。
tr	I	His jaw clenched and his eyes were concrete grey .
tr	O	她准备因为他那句她只是个穿着戏服乱跑的疯子的话而打他，但是她停了下来。
tr	I	I smoothed them back down , but it raised my hackles a bit .
tr	I	To most people it was basically the same thing , but in all actuality , most of them were millionaires .
tr	O	他显然很真诚，而且两个女人都陷入了困境。
tr	O	他们调到了同一频率，而且以一种几乎诡异的轻松感相互契合。
tr	I	I saw a faint smile and she pulled her phone out .
tr	I	Jeff paid her and she set it down .
tr	O	我伸手向前，故意摸索着锁，并且当金属更用力地咬住我的皮肤时，我将窗户滑开了。
tr	I	The faint voices of the tower guards were audible , and lights flashed across the black sky .
tr	O	岁月流逝，并且两人都死了。
tr	I	Now they see our standards and they have heard that the French were coming .
tr	I	She saw the danger in his eyes and he turned her in his arms .
tr	O	她离开快两年了，而且我仍然希望我能和她说话。
tr	O	我们可以分享它，相互容忍，并且我们不会永远将自己的意愿强加于周围环境。
tr	I	Steven stayed behind to continue the arduous process of waking up , but he got out of the car to go get coffee .
tr	I	He could not show fear , but he was close enough to the witches , perhaps , for them to hear him .
tr	O	引擎启动了，并且我看到一辆旅行车倒车驶出车库。
tr	O	笼子看起来足够安全，但是我不想让他兴奋。
tr	O	他们还有一些弹药，并且他们的人数远远超过敌人。
tr	I	Nothing happened , but I waited for him to unzip it .
tr	I	She stepped out from behind the partition , and Mabel had heard the bell on the door jingle .
tr	O	一个年轻女孩的举动引起了他的注意，并且他转过头，没有放慢脚步。
tr	I	I knew he was probably hanging on by a string , and his eyes were wild with desire .
tr	O	在第五个周期中，所有团队都使用了这个临时工具，并且核心部件只用了三分之一的时间就准备好了。
tr	I	It is one I can afford , but it is a small enough punishment .
tr	O	如果你想让某件特定的事情发生在某个特定的人身上，你从他们那里拿走一件物品，并且你可以用它作为焦点。
tr	I	That 's when he stood , too and she got closer to him .
tr	O	他从未如此，并且他永远也不会如此。
tr	I	She still wasn 't sure why he wasn 't angry with her but her hands were gripping his shoulders .
tr	I	The light of zeal shone in their eyes , but they were weary .
tr	I	Later , I wondered if he was talking about his incarcerated mother , but I was too caught up in my own joy at the time .
tr	O	我曾另外几次将它带给我的机械师诊断问题，但是它在店里却从未能重现。
tr	O	他不知道她的愿望是什么，但是他的愿望是要得到她。
tr	O	另一个男人犹豫了，并且她能看出来他开始屈服于他朋友的愿望。
tr	O	他这样做时滴了一点，并且他们立刻又后退了。
tr	O	米斯蒂吸了一口气，准备告诉他停下，但是话却没有说出来。
tr	O	她还没明白发生了什么，他已经调换了他们的位置，并且他正跪在她两腿之间。
tr	O	她当然有点担心，但是她是个强硬的人；一个曾进过监狱的人。
tr	O	我真的很想学习它，但是今天我的注意力在别处。
tr	O	我明白他认为他不再是以前的猎人了，并且他对自己的领导能力产生了怀疑。
tr	I	I feel like she was ... but she said she wasn 't .
tr	I	The truth was that he was happy being alone , but he knew the old women of the village mourned for his apparent loneliness .
tr	I	She didn 't need to dump her problems on Helen , but Kylie answered , which was a bit of a lie .
tr	O	他在呼吸，但是他失去意识了。
tr	I	He was going for it , and he had made his decision .
tr	O	房间亮了起来，并且他们环顾四周。
tr	I	Courtney always wants one , but I shake my head .
tr	I	I wanted to surprise Colt , but it was after midnight .
tr	O	他又拉了一下，但是那个附属物仍然附着在他身上，拉得很紧，带来了最奇妙的疼痛。
tr	O	一股巨大的吸力抽走了她肺里所有的空气，并且切尔西似乎无法吸入任何空气来补充。
tr	O	灯变绿了，并且他们开始移动。
tr	I	His options shrank again and Judge Harkin glanced about .
tr	O	他最喜欢的Metallic歌曲的歌词充满了他的媒体室，但是它们对他摆脱思绪没有任何帮助。
tr	I	I must speak with you , but I know it 's not during school hours .
tr	I	She felt herself soften inside , and it reminded her of the words she 'd read , dreamer 's words .
tr	O	我有时间，并且总有一天我会得到答案。
tr	I	I was going to try my best to change that , but I knew they didn 't get the whole God thing .
tr	I	I look around for some comfort and I say .
tr	O	我可能身体上出席了所有的课程，但是这对我一点好处都没有。
tr	I	Before we sat , Cherry spoke up but we all gathered around the presentation .
tr	O	一只手捧着她的脸，并且他将她的头向后仰。
tr	O	风扇的嗡嗡声打断了他的沉思，并且他的一只手抚过她的大腿。
tr	O	他看起来有点奇怪的熟悉，但是她想不起来她是怎么认识他的。
tr	O	伯尔尼试图坚持，但是我只是把钱留在桌上走开了。
tr	I	He was so wasted he couldn 't even do anything about it but it woke him up .
tr	O	摩根脸上带着微笑走出了门，但是当她走到工棚时，她又皱起了眉。
tr	O	蒂姆没有动，并且他漆黑的眼睛灼烧着她的。
tr	O	我年龄虽小却很强壮，并且我经历过很多打架。
tr	I	His short blond hair was cropped low and he had the most vibrant blue eyes I 'd ever seen .
tr	I	For once his smile didn 't reach his eyes and Luke stood .
tr	I	He was promptly shown the accreditation and the appearance of Timothy Westlake took several minutes .
tr	O	我们沿着木板走到船上，并且我的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	It felt as though I 'd been traveling toward her for years , but the journey took seconds .
tr	I	The sheets pooled in their laps , and he sat up .
tr	O	她试图把手放在他的肩膀上，但是它们无力地滑落了。
tr	O	给我几分钟洗个澡，并且我在这里给你准备些吃的。
tr	O	它猛地弹了下来，并且后轮在地上打滑，失去抓地力。
tr	O	这可能性很小，但是这种宝石有可能有助于找到治愈方法。
tr	I	I 'm not sure he knew why , but Little Symeon began to howl .
tr	O	她看起来像我们世界东方的人，并且她那古铜色的皮肤在光线下闪耀着。
tr	I	He quickly tucked them into the pocket on the back of his shorts and I tossed Blake some gloves .
tr	I	It happened to be the two closest people she knew , and the first time she 'd seen someone dead .
tr	O	有人可能会把我正在抚养的孩子和他联系起来，并且她的恐惧就会实现。
tr	I	Her pleasure was in his hands , and she couldn 't touch her clit .
tr	O	Rich 也用同样的外国语言说话，并且他手电筒的光束在她眼中形成了彩虹。
tr	O	我们其余的人都做出了自己的精神妥协，并且在某些情况下，我想它们相当奇怪。
tr	I	Kat let herself get lost in it , and it was the hungriest kiss she 'd ever known .
tr	I	They never expected to be denied access to their own son 's wedding , and his well-connected parents were not used to being excluded from high-profile events .
tr	I	They contrasted so well with his black hair and that 's the color of Elliott 's eyes .
tr	I	He did , but he never thought it would be possible to love like that again .
tr	O	比我记忆中更舒服，或者也许我只是感觉非常配合。
tr	O	她的一部分想说“是”，但是她另一部分想再等一会儿。
tr	I	She could not tell where the blades landed , and the men slammed together with a loud crash .
tr	O	我的世界将永远围绕着玛吉·梅·扬转，但是我急切地需要成为一个没有她也不会崩溃的人。
tr	O	我以前被河仙女缠住过，并且我对下一轮不感兴趣。
tr	I	I shook my head and he offered it in the palm of his hand .
tr	O	他的手松开了，并且他掉落了一点，缠绳更紧了。
tr	O	几年前他需要一些经济帮助，并且我借给他一些钱。
tr	O	有人用脚测试了轮胎，但是它在他的重量下几乎瘪了。
tr	O	我们到了二十多岁末期，并且永远就是这样了。
tr	O	我嘟囔着，并且他耸了耸肩。
tr	O	格蕾丝·布鲁姆菲尔德在将近四年前死于癌症，并且悲痛动摇了瓦莱丽井然有序的生活。
tr	I	I swear I felt her eyes follow me until I was out of sight , but I didn 't look back as I left the restaurant .
tr	I	The name meant nothing to Stacy , but Recognition sparked in Candace 's eyes .
tr	I	I glanced at him and he took my hand .
tr	O	仅限直系亲属，并且这暂时就够了。
tr	O	他甚至从未给过我机会，而且现在却是我要被指责。
tr	O	我知道我中了最老套的圈套，但是我并不怎么在乎。
tr	O	他将不得不亲自弄脏自己的手，而且他通常都会命令他人去做他最不光彩的任务。
tr	I	I entered the tiny space and IV Historia made room for me .
tr	O	他的目光立刻回到我身上，并且我忘记了那种因甜腻而产生的窘迫。
tr	O	他骗了我，而且他失踪了。
tr	I	The headline had been written in bold letters , but the fine details of it had been hazy .
tr	I	He heaved himself backward through the doors , pulling me up with him and his thin fingers entwined with mine .
tr	O	低沉的呻吟声充满了空气，并且她意识到那是她发出的。
tr	I	I try not to be a useless spoiled son of a wealthy man , but I know I am the spoiled son of a wealthy man .
tr	O	我们握了手，但是我的目光却牢牢地盯着她。
tr	O	你不能与他们对抗，并且你也很难加入他们。
tr	O	我看到他们中有些人戴着项圈，并且我知道他们是变形者。
tr	I	There was no stopping it this time , but the lump in my throat was back .
tr	O	瑞奥丹在我身后关上了门，并且我听到他上锁时钥匙转动的声音。
tr	O	我记得被海浪的冲击力困住，无法呼吸，并且我确信自己会死。
tr	I	The terrible nightmares invaded and I merged with her repeatedly to spare her suffering when she was alone .
tr	I	I think I 'll save us both time by just asking them , and I have two questions .
tr	I	Matt wasn 't there , but the door was unlocked .
tr	I	Edwards , looking relieved to understand his mission , began to lead us downhill , and Tolliver gestured to the woods .
tr	I	I had to leave , but I don 't think my ex-husband wanted the divorce .
tr	I	They all thought she had it made , and they knew she was her father 's sole heir .
tr	I	She walked towards him , and it was the earl .
tr	O	凯瑟琳，我需要你扶我起来，所以我们就能回去，并且我能在孩子们醒来前换好衣服。
tr	O	他可能和我年龄相仿，并且他绝对不是我喜欢的类型。
tr	O	我需要理清发生的一切，并且我知道他这么近我就无法做到。
tr	I	He picked up and his phone buzzed .
tr	O	他安静而平稳地对司机说话，他之前含糊不清的言语似乎消失了。
tr	I	Shotgun rejoined them , and pebbles grinding under foot interrupted their conversation .
tr	I	She pushed the feeling aside , and disappointment swam in at her .
tr	I	It was the last one I wanted to hear again , and I would have recognized that voice anywhere .
tr	I	It attractively framed her face , and she had curled the long , brown locks on the side of her head that still had hair .
tr	O	已经过了十点，并且街道上空无一人，除了那些住在街上的人。
tr	O	他知道其中一部分是吸引力，但是这种感觉有些不同。
tr	O	我心存疑虑，但是我能做什么呢？
tr	O	门纹丝不动，但是杆子断成了两截。
tr	I	He disappeared , but Kevin was supposed to be here with us .
tr	O	他疯狂地爱着布丽尔·斯托姆，并且无论他需要做什么来向她证明，他都会去做。
tr	I	Every day he proved it , and he was nothing like her .
tr	I	I failed to ask if I should do it but I always knew that I could do it .
tr	O	有时候家族倾向会隔代遗传，或者一个兄弟可能会遗传到某个姐姐没有的特征。
tr	I	Her unruly hair gave her a frazzled look , and the woman 's face showed a smudge of darkness under each eye .
tr	I	Surveyed his herd and * * * Brant reined Sugar to a halt on a rise .
tr	O	当我醒来时，阳光正透过敞开的豪华轿车窗户倾泻而入，并且汽车停在路边。
tr	I	She loved horses , and she was too young .
tr	I	He hurt too much to stand , but Ren tried to push himself up .
tr	I	Gestures for us not to move and he holds his hands out .
tr	O	男人们已经帮忙完成了大部分的清理工作，并且她不介意自己做最后一点。
tr	I	I couldn 't let this special day go by without a separate celebration , but we had said we 'd have a joint celebration at the Crypt .
tr	I	They all seemed to be talking about one thing : the men that had broken into my dorm room and people ran around with papers .
tr	O	如果我去，我就得看到她口红脱妆的样子，而且我真的不想。
tr	O	一对年轻夫妇走到了我们身后，并且我拉到一边让他们过去。
tr	O	我不确定，但是我看到了他的困境。
tr	O	我差点错过了，但是我的眼角余光捕捉到了一丝动静。
tr	O	当伊万把刀刃放回她的皮肤上时，她身体僵硬地靠在阿拉里克身上，并且一声呜咽从她嘴唇中逸出。
tr	O	伊芙琳留在后面和戴安娜说几句最后的话，并且科尔比抓住机会和GO一起走到门廊上。
tr	I	I didn 't eat much breakfast , and it 's just a little warm .
tr	O	Cas 出现在我们旁边，并且 达拉斯开始朝我们这边走来。
tr	O	哨兵会和他们混在一起，并且 他们会有能杀死你的枪。
tr	I	I think we 've gone beyond that now , and our friendship has always been important to me .
tr	I	It worried me , but Sounded innocent enough .
tr	I	Both need assistance and as in two groups that didn 't arrive together .
tr	O	他又按了几下按钮，并且 二十六个名字弹到了屏幕上。
tr	I	She sighed happily at being alone , and Sage was out as Teagan expected .
tr	I	I hauled her out , and she reached to me .
tr	I	Later I saw you pull up to the office , and the principal seemed a little worried about you .
tr	I	He was more confident now than ever that he 'd made the right choice and he 'd always admired Haley 's quick wit .
tr	O	她不知道是什么，但是 那肯定不是什么好事情。
tr	I	Now , the ball is in your court , and he 's goading you with the backyard crap .
tr	I	I twisted out of his grip , but his hand closed on my arm .
tr	O	说再见，并且 给他一个和她一起逃走的方式。
tr	I	We pushed it to the back of the elevator , out of the way , and I got out of the wheelbarrow .
tr	O	他不完美，但是 他也并非一无是处。
tr	O	时间所剩无几，并且 他们还有很长的路要走。
tr	I	I knew it , and I was reckless .
tr	I	His breathing came in short spurts , and the heavy smoke made it impossible for him to open his eyes .
tr	I	My voice falters , and my throat burns .
tr	O	我知道明天是星期六，但是 我需要尽快了解它。
tr	I	Jonah had the wheel , but they 'd taken her car because they hadn 't wanted a change to alert Butch that the police might be involved .
tr	I	It rested on five wooded acres at the end of a cul-de-sac , but the house was modest in size .
tr	I	I watched them head to the orchard and a flat screen formed on the wall .
tr	I	He could tell that she was confused , but the boy wasn 't sure what she had tried to conveyed .
tr	O	他的手指紧紧握住了我的，并且我感到他的身体僵硬了。
tr	I	Nerves darkened her eyes , and her smile flickered .
tr	I	I wondered if he could even open it , and an ugly , purplish bruise marred his left eye .
tr	I	They were the reason we were here , but I should have had the rest of my family to lean on in a moment like this .
tr	O	霰弹枪就躺在他跌落的地方不远处，并且迪戈在走向吉普车时把它捡了起来。
tr	O	他苍白的年轻女王濒临死亡，并且她默默地要求她的拥护者绝对忠诚。
tr	O	我努力不让恐慌表现在脸上，但是它一定很明显，因为那名警卫转身时笑了。
tr	O	他们经过了魔法花园附近，并且当伊莱克特拉告诉他她的家人已经修复了花园时，埃里克匆匆走了进去。
tr	O	桑德拉抓住了另一条腿，并且他们拉了。
tr	O	她的双腿颤抖着，摇摇晃晃地走到她的裤子旁，并且她蹲下身子从口袋里掏手机时差点摔倒。
tr	I	I really need you to focus and I 'm sure the travel time will be short .
tr	I	I looked at the sun in confusion , and my neck burned from where the needle had punctured it .
tr	I	You 'll get stronger , but you sound so weak .
tr	I	There would be no peace , just an emptiness filling his soul but he too would remember this time .
tr	I	It almost seemed like he 'd done it to distract me , and it was the first time he 'd touched me on purpose .
tr	O	手机在她转身时从她手中滑落，但是那里的男人却笼罩在阴影中。
tr	I	She averted her eyes , her hand hovering half an inch over Nicholas 's , and Henry gave Ava a curious look .
tr	O	凯西迪日益增长的需求让她感到惊讶，但是她没有移动她的手。
tr	I	They staggered in a peculiar kind of unison , and the three of them had their arms about one anothers ' shoulders .
tr	O	时间会证明这种药是否为帮助我妻子来得太晚，但是我被告知它显示出巨大的希望。
tr	O	沙恩开始说话，但是埃里克示意他安静。
tr	I	My friends stay out of trouble and she cares enough to help me .
tr	I	He didn 't let go , but Georgie pushed away from him .
tr	I	She put her hands on her hips and Giselle flipped her hair out of her face .
tr	I	Then he went still , and his body jerked once .
tr	I	It was in vain but Renton tried to intervene .
tr	O	如果我循着踪迹走，我就会找到我妈妈，但是马尔科姆必须认为我放弃了。
tr	I	It was just us , but wildly I looked around , hoping my mother would appear .
tr	I	She had been guiding him into the shelter when the building had collapsed and both his parents had been killed by the attack .
tr	O	他眼中的失望消失了，并且一丝性感的微光取而代之。
tr	I	He lay back on my bed , and a throaty chuckle filled my room .
tr	O	我没有回应，并且他放我走了。
tr	O	玛吉的眼睛睁大了，并且她放松了。
tr	I	They began to move away , and one of their shadows seemed to climb the other .
tr	O	我以为她会唱起歌来，但是却轮到吉米说话了。
tr	I	She continued to scream until the carriage came to a jarring halt , throwing her to the floor , and he ignored her completely .
tr	O	德里克挂好档，并且我们出发了。
tr	O	他们总有一天会追踪到她，但是我们会留意情况的。
tr	I	She filled it to capacity out of habit , and the stainless-steel container held five servings .
tr	I	Her eyes were big and Zoe 's mouth opened .
tr	I	She moved closer to the railing as though averse to his touch , but he reached for her gloved hand .
tr	O	他们走过去，并且莉莉打量着科尔。
tr	O	我们以为追捕你或你的一位同事会更难。
tr	O	我们闻到邪恶，并且我们几乎疯狂地被驱使去攻击它，摧毁它。
tr	O	安东涅塔通过触觉体验她的性反应，但是他拥有他所有的感官。
tr	O	箭飞了出去，但是它只是击中了地面而不是树枝。
tr	I	That didn 't mean she couldn 't be affected by it , but Dagmar stil couldn 't see anything .
tr	O	好的，它会那样，但是这已经够糟糕了。
tr	I	In the morning , the kicking never started , but he crashed on the floor , as he always did .
tr	O	它松弛地打开了，并且他消失在里面了。
tr	O	我这次旅行带了一本书，而且我今晚就可以开始读了。
tr	O	溜冰场开了，并且孩子们涌了进去。
tr	I	I made a deal , but they would have caught us .
tr	O	他挑了挑眉，而且我摇了摇头。
tr	O	吉米再次把脚猛地踢向他的腰部，但是他看到尤斯塔斯的痛苦时并没有感到快乐。
tr	O	她畏缩了，而且谢尔比似乎意识到自己说得太多了。
tr	I	She sensed he needed reassurance as much as she did , and his touch was comforting .
tr	I	I decided to end it at that , but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	O	我伸出了我的碗，而且海伦娜不停地倒。
tr	I	You have detained one of our cadets but we were willing to leave .
tr	I	I 'm so happy you are here , but I didn 't get a chance to know you well .
tr	I	His legs went weak and dizziness invaded the hunter 's head .
tr	I	It took every piece of self-control she possessed not to launch into a screaming fit and Amanda 's entire body shook from terror .
tr	I	Douglas felt that any responsible guardian should have long since returned , preferably around six and the children were all in bed .
tr	O	我翻阅着它，并且在我的跳远记录中随意选了一页后，我假装在读上面的数字。
tr	O	玛雅觉得现在不是问问题的时候，但是随着时间一分一秒过去，玛雅快要达到她的生理极限了。
tr	I	He studied the sky and his head snapped up .
tr	O	她很擅长察言观色，而且那一刻我知道莱利身上有什么东西是值得解读的。
tr	I	It wasn 't rough as she rode him , and he moved inside her .
tr	I	We hopped over the debris on the way to the door and she nodded .
tr	O	骚动结束后，他的妻子开始对他嘘寒问暖，但是她的目光从未离开安吉丽娜。
tr	O	麦克从不满足于现状，而且卡尔当然也没有。
tr	O	他不眨眼地接受了话题的突然转变，但是当他说话时，却是咬牙切齿。
tr	I	The second group is probably right , but the first group is wrong ( I hope ) .
tr	I	Some say they don 't and some cops say they work .
tr	I	She was already mine , but I hadn 't even had her in that way yet .
tr	O	我转过身去以免看到，但是我仍然听到她身体撞击路面的恶心声音。
tr	O	他的制服笔挺，并且线条笔直。
tr	O	允许一人免于死亡，并且其他人都会觉得受到了最严重的侵害。
tr	O	杰米看着蔡斯握住他的生殖器底部并轻轻探入她的肛门。
tr	I	That means she has a terrible choice to make , and Lucy is like me .
tr	O	各种各样的幸运符都被佩戴着，并且许多男人都在自己身上藏着一个小护身符。
tr	O	他声称自己看到了危险的幻象，但是实际上他很害怕。
tr	O	踢开门，雨点溅落下来，并且我立刻就湿透了。
tr	I	Now there was an excited flush to my cheeks , but it was still just my same old face looking back at me .
tr	I	Now they were free , but long they had been trapped down here .
tr	I	All my muscles slacken as I allow myself to unwind and it 's soothing .
tr	O	玛吉已经上床睡觉了，并且莉迪亚也懒得开灯。
tr	O	雨开始下着毛毛细雨，并且达拉斯对着天空皱起了眉。
tr	O	他按下了按钮，但是没有声音。
tr	I	He replied lightning-fast and intrigued , I sent back a confirmation .
tr	I	We were happy and he never knew .
tr	O	他看着鲁本，并且鲁本点头表示同意。
tr	I	The commander aimed the machine gun at the pile of bodies and with a flick of a switch the safety was turned off .
tr	O	史黛西对别人看到或触摸她裸体的想法并不热衷。
tr	O	她想知道他是否在调情，但是看起来不像。
tr	I	His lifeless body dropped to the ground , and she released him .
tr	I	They were beginning there return journey , and I looked toward the guards .
tr	O	她也从没有多少社交生活，但是她已经习惯了。
tr	I	Ry had sent messages to his supervisor , saying that they needed to be cleaned more often , and three sets of booths had been inspected already .
tr	I	He stared at the screen , and the iPhone in his pocket vibrated .
tr	I	She gave and he demanded .
tr	O	他们尝试了，但是他们失败了。
tr	I	It made him laugh and I tackled him to the ground for it .
tr	I	I know she won 't cry , but I won 't be here tonight .
tr	O	他们仍然为那些愚蠢的小事争吵，但是他们现在知道那些小事不值得为之分手。
tr	O	少数服从多数，并且如果多数人说你带有口音，那么那就会成为事实！
tr	O	老妇人在我身后咯咯地笑了声，并且我警惕地瞥了她一眼。
tr	I	My exasperated sigh is not , but my eye roll is invisible in the dark .
tr	I	Thankfully it has mostly disappeared in the modern age , but the practice is still done in a few places .
tr	I	A.J. regarded the remaining daylight with dismay , and it was still midafternoon by the time Chester left the stables .
tr	I	He pulls her in for a short hug and Bree wraps her arms around Derek 's neck .
tr	I	When he cheated on me , I felt so alone , but I thought Mike was looking out for me .
tr	I	It was the excuse I was giving myself at that moment , but I knew it wasn 't the real reason I was doing it .
tr	I	Her make-up was minimal and her hair was down around her shoulders .
tr	I	The forecasts are pessimistic and my accountants have said our cash flows are severely negative .
tr	I	It did give him a certain measure of reassurance , and her engagement to Mack McAfee wasn 't a complete surprise .
tr	O	他的母亲显然伤害了他，但是这似乎远不止如此，远远更多。
tr	I	Beyond that , I don 't care , but you need it to live .
tr	O	从未有过，并且也绝不会有。
tr	I	I 'll be fine and I just need water .
tr	O	她弯下腰去抚摸他，并且他开始舔她的脸。
tr	I	He seemed like the kind of guy who would enjoy making her afraid , but probably he had no intention of actually hurting her .
tr	I	I started with the waiting room , and Cliff retreated to his desk .
tr	I	When she did , she tried to clamp her legs together again , and it took a moment for Kit to realize his intention .
tr	O	他努力不哭，但是他忍不住了。
tr	I	She was tempted , so tempted , to do just that , and the man was practically begging her to open up to him .
tr	O	他们确实有点吵闹，而且他正在享受这份宁静。
tr	O	那是最好的攀岩区，并且他不想留下水坑。
tr	I	Mine matching it and I can feel his pulse speeding up .
tr	O	会议那天早上，他穿着他最好的衣服，并且他相当自信，也很愉快。
tr	O	她不想让他承受这种非议，并且她也不想让自己经历随之而来的痛苦。
tr	I	Unfortunately she didn 't have time for it right now , but Annabelle understood his desperate need to touch her .
tr	I	She gasped , reminded of his size , and when he settled her ass over his rampant erection , he hissed in a breath .
tr	O	黛拉对变形者知之甚少，但是她曾听说他们的力量之一是他们能快速变形。
tr	O	铰链断裂了，并且木屑纷飞。
tr	O	她明白自己睡着了，并且她已步入梦境。
tr	I	I knew the Thin Man was out there , waiting to strike , but the glade appeared empty .
tr	O	然后她用眼睛注视着我，并且我无法移开视线。
tr	O	珍对此笑了，并且我对她笑了。
tr	O	它看起来很干净，但是我怎么知道呢？
tr	O	迈克看着克里斯，并且他的心碎了。
tr	I	His voice is off pitch , but he pretends to be cool .
tr	I	His wide smile was natural and ... hopeful , but Stil teasing .
tr	O	没有人发现他们的警告，并且现在只有极少数人能被拯救。
tr	O	她屏住呼吸，等着他嘲笑她，但是它从未发生。
tr	O	到了十点我们到了诊所，并且亨利被带到实验室。
tr	O	我想知道拉斯的故事，而且我真的不再在乎保守爸爸的秘密了，尤其是在艾琳失踪之后。
tr	O	他的手抓紧了我的胳膊，并且我想知道他是否要把我拉过绳索。
tr	I	They felt like hours , but a couple minutes passed .
tr	I	She had to check , but it was a stupid question .
tr	I	The door was wide open and nothing was moving .
tr	I	When his head hit the pillow he was out for the count and I had to help him get into bed .
tr	I	We could hear the roar of the cougar 's growl , and we could hear my Uncle Night Walker 's war cry .
tr	I	You get more randomness from the similar variation in synaptic delay time and each neuron in your net will introduce an element of random conduction time .
tr	O	如果弗拉德告诉了恶魔小子艾迪娜长什么样，并且塔克从那里接手了，只是为了让艾登发疯。
tr	O	到那时宝宝就满月了，并且你骑一小段路程也会是安全的。
tr	I	They locked up the recycling center for the weekend and finding nothing he gave the stack back to Bill .
tr	I	It might give us someplace to continue the investigation , but I don 't know really what to make of it .
tr	I	She certainly couldn 't deny it outright either , but she couldn 't say she 'd done it .
tr	I	Damn she 'd wanted to argue , but she had no desire to see the dirty spaceport .
tr	O	她用她的语言向法伦喊了一声，并且绕过岩石，我偷偷地回看了一眼。
tr	I	She rushed so fast that she didn 't even notice the tall man running behind her and she rushed over to seek shelter .
tr	I	I felt entranced under the spell of its beauty , and he crisscrossed the blaze to create a repetitive pattern .
tr	O	我们变得独立，并且我们的精神记得。
tr	O	那是原始的性欲，强度十足的野性——而且她对此极度渴望。
tr	I	Actually , it was kind of fun to compile , and that was a valuable project .
tr	O	她看起来很难过，并且她对我摇了摇头。
tr	I	He could catch no scent of a deer , but perhaps a deer had come into these woods .
tr	O	我笑了，而且那不是一个悦耳的声音。
tr	I	We continued down the hall to my office , and his free hand pressed against my lower back .
tr	I	Then I forget everything , and Gabe releases the puppy .
tr	O	汽车鸣笛，并且轮胎发出尖锐的摩擦声。
tr	O	莱拉瘫倒在地板上，并且我长长地呼出了一直憋着的气。
tr	O	那个瞬间被打断了，而且斯科特移开了视线。
tr	I	He would reply , and she said a few things to Dion .
tr	I	I 'll pinch your cheeks if I want to and I 'm your mother .
tr	O	他本会给她一个座位，但是他的办公室里没有其他座位了。
tr	I	She straightened , and the first stirring of hope hit her .
tr	O	我开始说他不必担心，我会没事的，但是我退缩了。
tr	I	His tears fell on her , and he was crying .
tr	I	Chills raced down her spine , and he gave her a smirk .
tr	O	一切对她来说都很难，但是这是最糟糕的。
tr	I	She had an unerring eye when it came to detail , and she knew the precise colors to wear to enhance her natural good looks .
tr	I	When she did , watch out , but Grandma Frost didn 't get angry at me often .
tr	O	我故意没看威尔，但是 我听到了他的惊呼。
tr	I	I don 't just mean the muscles , and Shane 's strong .
tr	O	她只有在扎切里允许的时候才去田里，并且 即使那样他也不允许她离他太远。
tr	O	她看起来心碎欲绝，而且 知道自己是她痛苦的根源让他心如刀绞。
tr	I	It was being played in reverse but it was like an engagement moment on video .
tr	O	液体灼烧着他的喉咙，但是 那灼烧感却是受欢迎的。
tr	O	意面煮好了，并且 他把它全部倒进水槽沥干，然后 关掉了酱汁下面的火。
tr	O	帷幔被掀开，并且 阿奈丝王子走了进来。
tr	I	Kara broke the silence and they had finished .
tr	O	她从来就没什么头脑，但是 没人会那么蠢。
tr	I	I have an overwhelming desire to hold his hand , and his thumb is hooked in the front pocket of his jeans .
tr	I	Bankston 's mother was a Presbyterian , but Melanie herself was an orphan .
tr	O	她并非一直富有，但是 那枚戒指一定有纪念意义。
tr	O	他会知道多米尼克正在取他的血，然而他勇敢地听从了命令。
tr	O	我们之后没怎么说话，但是沉默中有一种令人慰藉的东西。
tr	I	Her father had many talented blacksmiths under him and it was a huge forge .
tr	O	我感到我的脸因愤怒而紧绷，并且我的身体颤抖着，我将一股震动传遍地面。
tr	O	他已经死了，并且多米尼克抛下他，大步走进房子。
tr	O	墙上挂满了银色的壁画，并且地板上镶嵌着金属嵌饰。
tr	O	那时我已经在练习用剑，并且它让我的身体变得肌肉结实而精瘦。
tr	O	要从阿莱西娅身边偷偷溜走足够长时间以便与莉尔协调细节并非易事，但是他做到了。
tr	O	这项练习令人筋疲力尽，但是每次他驾驭火焰，他都变得更擅长。
tr	I	She looked at his dark head as he bent over some other information and Rachel 's mouth dropped open .
tr	O	阿兰娜的眉毛皱了起来，并且她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	O	她已经抽身，但是没有在他有机会意识到不对劲之前就完全抽离。
tr	I	Artisans shaped it to form a mighty lion , complete with crowned head , and the smithy melted down the precious metal .
tr	O	她看着他，并且她想要。
tr	O	偶尔其中一堆会发出隆隆声，并且我们能看到胡须从中探出。
tr	O	我只被亲吻过一次，而且那是因为有人敢叫别人那么做。
tr	I	Her anger flared , threatening to overpower her , and the sight reminded her of the blood on her legs .
tr	O	她的皮肤很黑，而且她的臀部很难显露出任何一丝红色。
tr	O	泽维尔照他被告知的做了，并且大卫从后面跟着。
tr	I	Carol felt her body 's reaction , and his eyes settled on her mouth .
tr	O	她长久以来一直压抑的所有激情终于得到释放，并且她陶醉在他的回应欲望中。
tr	I	He winked at me , and he saw the awareness wash over my face .
tr	O	这位可怜的女人失去了她的丈夫，他本是个混蛋，并且她的孩子失踪了。
tr	O	残肢遍布，而且血液浓稠到他们感觉自己像是在几加仑糖蜜上行走一样。
tr	O	雷耶斯的皮肤紧贴着骨头，并且他忍住了失望的呻吟。
tr	O	我把你卷入了这件事，而且我们会一起挺过这一切。
tr	I	The aftermath left by it was just as powerful as any image could have been , but it was audio only , to ensure secrecy .
tr	I	Alex wrapped it around his waist , over the dangling wetsuit , and Cory handed him a towel .
tr	O	天气越来越冷，保罗注意到了，并且一团不祥的乌云正在东方地平线聚集。
tr	O	它们大多是半透明的，并且它们围绕着他真正的尾巴——那条每只狐狸都有的血肉之躯的尾巴。
tr	O	那辆流线型汽车挂挡起步，并且我们疾驰向医院。
tr	O	我离他有十几英尺远，然而没有任何可见的东西可以解释那正中他面部的响亮一击。
tr	O	她感受到的颤抖加剧了，并且她情不自禁地抱住了自己。
tr	I	Father Smythe was sometimes overzealous in his discussions on the wasteful sin of a breakfast meal , but she knew her mother would not mind .
tr	O	她十二岁时被强奸了，但是那个男人没有强大到能夺走她更多的东西。
tr	O	他瞥了我一眼，并且我知道那意味着什么。
tr	I	I take note , and cyrus , however , wolfs down three fish on his own .
tr	O	我觉得托雷斯喜欢自己主导调查，但是最近，我发现了一些让他忙得不可开交的事情。
tr	I	I love Sydney , but I care about you .
tr	O	他对她顶礼膜拜，并且没有她他的生活就糟糕透顶。
tr	I	Not in the way he was thinking , but she needed him all right .
tr	I	He was now a fat outcast in the vampire world , and he 'd been a fat outcast in the human world .
tr	I	The whole thing had snowballed , but I had thought I could get the driver of her car to avoid the train altogether .
tr	I	Kevin grabbed at his wrist , freeing mine , and Benji put his hand on Kevin 's shoulder .
tr	O	有一秒钟，她以为自己看到了一丝苦涩的微笑，但是在她确认之前它就消失了。
tr	I	He didn 't see anything and Time passed .
tr	I	You were perfectly willing to kill one to open the gate , and you hated Shifters .
tr	I	I knew it and she was hurt .
tr	I	For the moment it was disoriented by pain , but it was not dead .
tr	I	I listened to the message and I went straight to my voicemail .
tr	I	She decided that she would be careful in this place for the foreseeable future , but it looked like it hadn 't been tampered with .
tr	O	她还活着，但是那个幻影让她吃尽了苦头。
tr	O	他们不属于这个世界的秩序，并且我们必须让他们的影响远离我们的同胞。
tr	O	我的上次记录以来已经过去了四天，并且更多的准备工作已经完成，以便明天零时开始战斗。
tr	I	The disappointment is momentarily replaced by a brief smile and she glances at me .
tr	O	我不想面对她，但是她已经让我免费住了三周。
tr	O	我打开了水，并且莉萨尖叫起来，因为冷水浇到了我们身上。
tr	I	I force myself not to gag and hot blood gushes over my hands .
tr	I	He was not on his guard , but he was in the same spot he 'd been the first time I woke in this cave .
tr	O	瓦莱里娅一到她的角落，她就坐在了凳子上，并且她的助手们便尽其所能地帮助她。
tr	I	In reality , he was the one that received the help , but he wanted to help her through a tough time .
tr	I	His hair was brittle , falling out and he was thin .
tr	O	她抬头看着我，并且她的眼中充满了钦佩。
tr	I	Bang on his front door too hard , and I walk outside , run next door .
tr	I	She smirked behind it and the old woman 's hand rose to her mouth .
tr	I	I do , too ... and Dad needs you .
tr	O	门开了，并且第三名宪兵把头探了进来。
tr	O	她告诉他那个夜晚很完美，但是她却哭了。
tr	I	His hair is thinning and his skin is dry .
tr	O	这真是一年中最美的时节，但是我却从来不喜欢它。
tr	I	I was once again left with shadows , and the curtain settled back in place .
tr	I	She left me a clue and Emma knew I 'd come for her .
tr	I	She swiped it away with the back of her hand and a tear spilled down her cheek .
tr	O	他的手狠狠地打在她的另一边脸颊上，并且热流涌遍她的双腿，使她的私处唇瓣肿胀。
tr	I	I 'm right in his face and my foot moves down another step .
tr	O	一股电流从她的手窜向她的心脏，并且这个快速跳动的心脏在那一刻发誓要属于他。
tr	I	Fresh tears stung Carol 's eyes , and acute embarrassment stole through the stillness .
tr	I	The physical pain is nothing , but I can feel the rough surface of the concrete rubbing away layers of my skin from beneath my jeans .
tr	O	过去，她会去找杰克，但是这些问题她实在难以启齿问他。
tr	O	我坐了起来，但是我第一次意识到他对我的揭露并不惊讶。
tr	I	She wasn 't in his suite and she wasn 't in the foyer .
tr	I	I support it and I think it 's great .
tr	O	他们正开心地为某事争吵，并且巴特正在发号施令。
tr	O	考尔发出了一个可能是笑声的声音，并且珍娜对我笑了笑。
tr	O	我收拾了一个随身行李包，并且那就是我连同电脑一起带走的所有东西。
tr	O	你不会动摇我对她的信心，或者汤米的。
tr	O	我等待眼泪流出，但是它们从未落下。
tr	O	对丰满的描述似乎如此陈腐，但是它是最准确的描述。
tr	I	I knew I was going as fast I possibly could , and buildings were passing me in the blink of an eye .
tr	I	She didn 't blame him for being mad , and she 'd refused to open her heart to him , to give him what he wanted .
tr	O	他跳了回去，并且螺丝刀从他手中飞了出去。
tr	I	She knew it wouldn 't last ... but so far he 'd complied ... grudgingly .
tr	I	I nod anyway but I 'm confused .
tr	O	她的牙齿洁白明亮，而且她的皮肤有一种奇怪的色调。
tr	O	他抓住人质的一根手指，并且她被激起了。
tr	I	That was all it took , and he 'd stepped out into the snowy yard .
tr	I	He was quiet about it , but he might be deadly .
tr	I	Nick knew if he failed there , there 'd be little hope after that -- and their first challenge was Atlanta .
tr	I	She got mad , and I went over to ask her what she was doing .
tr	I	The vehicle began to follow the other buses along the broken asphalt and the engine of the bus rumbled .
tr	I	Right now , he was dead serious , but Grant had a wicked sense of humor .
tr	I	He sat on the edge of her bed and she gave him a nod .
tr	I	At least she seemed happy , but I had no idea where this conversation was going .
tr	I	She is with child in arduous times , and clothed in the sun , with the moon at her feet .
tr	O	他后悔了他告诉她真相的决定，而且他的脸上写满了他的痛苦。
tr	O	米拉波可能担心有人跟踪他们，但是到目前为止还没有任何迹象。
tr	O	查理兴高采烈地替她接受了挑战，并且茱莉亚差点呻吟出声。
tr	I	Her husband is long gone and her family is far away .
tr	O	你可以点击这里阅读一个外行人的解释，但是事实是，我没有编造这个。
tr	I	That was the problem , and he had no idea .
tr	O	我们的饭菜到了，并且我们热情地享用午餐。
tr	I	He 'd suffered more than one setback lately , but he hoped she would .
tr	I	All in Heaven thought he was a lost cause , and he fell to Earth .
tr	O	疼痛猛烈袭来，并且她倒吸了一口凉气。
tr	O	她差点就对他说是，但是这是她需要自己做的一件事。
tr	I	I silently followed him and he pressed his hand to the back of his neck as he walked around the side of the wooden building .
tr	O	它从这边开，但是埃尔德足够聪明，能把椅子塞在门里，这样它就不会再锁上了。
tr	O	其他人看到了她，互相推搡着想看发生了什么，并且人群变得鸦雀无声。
tr	O	大多数夜晚，其中一个男人会在她散步时陪伴她，但是今晚她想独自一人。
tr	O	我从未有过约会的时间，而且不可否认，我害怕男人。
tr	I	I knew it and I had no excuse for what I 'd done .
tr	I	I pulled out the bottle , tested it on my forearm , and the water on the stove began to steam .
tr	I	She seemed incapable of setting it aside and obviously this situation was weighing on her .
tr	O	我爱你，并且你是唯一我剩下的家人。
tr	O	他轻轻地把我放到地上，并且我狂跳的心率开始减慢。
tr	O	第六天她的烧退了，并且颤抖停止了。
tr	O	我没看到发生什么，但是几分钟内她就被击倒了。
tr	I	He had powerful friends everywhere , but she didn 't know how .
tr	I	The Minister on duty came over to her , and eventually the sunset ceremony was over .
tr	O	匪徒们在茂密的森林里小心翼翼地骑马搜寻着，但是他们似乎无处不在。
tr	O	詹姆斯眯起了眼睛，并且科尔纠正了他的错误。
tr	I	Other villages were abandoned entirely , and some gates were locked tight .
tr	I	The single light in the ceiling dimmed , and Dormer 's eyes filled with inky blackness .
tr	O	她的心开始怦怦直跳，但是克莱尔继续切割。
tr	O	她的声音听起来和以前一样，但是这次她的眼睛更亮了。
tr	O	杰西在十点一刻把朱尔斯带到我家，并且当我听到他们驾车驶过碎石路时，我差点从厨房门冲出去。
tr	I	No one answers the door , so I knock again , but I hear someone inside .
tr	O	他叹了口气，闪进了我的厨房，并且我听到了水槽水流开启的声音。
tr	O	麦迪从我身边离开，并且她害羞地对我笑了。
tr	O	对于他自从昨天在迈达斯外面见到她以来一直在问自己的问题，他没有答案，但是他会找到的。
tr	O	林恩同意地点了点头，并且他们出发前往镇子边缘的废弃工厂。
tr	O	影子曾经很长，但是现在它们变得模糊不清了。
tr	O	通常，我的名声对我不利，但是在这里，它对我们很有利。
tr	I	Colton fell the last few feet to the ground and the rope snapped .
tr	O	我们正在吃纸杯蛋糕，并且即使我购物车里没有糖，我也打算用很多。
tr	O	一切都令人感到不堪重负，并且她需要离开。
tr	I	It kept distracting him , and it was in his head somewhere , like an itch an inch behind his eyes .
tr	I	He slumped to the ground , dead , and Blood poured from the tyrant 's jugular .
tr	O	他瞥了一眼莱克茜，并且尽管她似乎在听，但她的目光涣散，仿佛她心不在焉。
tr	O	我们即使到达她那里也只会在她家门口被屠杀，而且我们也会危及她的生命。
tr	I	I slam back against the car door , but he reaches for my hand .
tr	O	她再次向我挥拳，但是我挡开每一次攻击，在她试图再次出拳时将她逼退。
tr	I	I sank to my knees , right there in the middle of the room and the silence of the space reverberated back to me .
tr	I	When I was by myself , I had no idea who I really was , but I knew who I was when I was with her .
tr	I	The girl would need the medicine , but Roberts did not envy the position she had just put poor Henry into .
tr	O	湿鞋很恶心，但是排水口是安全的。
tr	I	His footsteps went only halfway down the hall before his voice came back to her , but Brent started from the room .
tr	O	“请不要告诉我丈夫，他永远不会原谅我，并且我无法忍受他的愤怒！
tr	I	I waited , but I thought about what I had decided yesterday , just going without Tom .
tr	O	为了证明我错了，或者为了说明一个问题。
tr	I	Kate ran her hand along the black granite countertops and they were walking through the kitchen .
tr	I	She was not too sure how to get there , but she knew that Liverpool was somewhere to the north .
tr	I	It is what it is , but lot 's ridin ' here .
tr	O	他悄悄溜回家，并且我们的吻变得狂暴。
tr	O	这个名字听着耳熟，但是我却想不起来。
tr	I	He says he wants us to work for what we have , and Ethel 's father controls all the money though .
tr	O	我应该隐形，但是他却久久地看着我。
tr	O	他的耸肩并没有表达太多，但是他显然对某事感到不安。
tr	I	Her full name is Lilliputian but I call her Lily .
tr	I	He rose in time to answer before the machine picked it up , but Lost in thought , he barely heard the ringing of the phone .
tr	O	好吧，说服他们没费多少劲，而且我们都决定无论如何都要试一试。
tr	I	The excitement was what made it even better , but the feeling of being with Colt was the same .
tr	O	他开始向前栽倒，但是突然威廉就在那里，厌恶地把他推回床上。
tr	I	I know it 's broken and Clark 's nose pours with blood .
tr	O	他的肩膀放松了，并且他用手抚过他疲惫的面容。
tr	I	You 're trying to kil me , and you 're a Reaper of Chaos .
tr	I	There was something in his computer-generated expression that made her nervous , and he didn 't smile .
tr	I	For a second she looked like a furious cat and my mother 's eyes went wide .
tr	O	我们进来时，剃刀悲伤地嗡嗡叫着，并且他的耳朵也耷拉下来了。
tr	I	For anything other than the most base instinct to kick in , nor there wasn 't time for instructions .
tr	I	My voice sounded too serious , but I tried to make a joke .
tr	O	他又笑了，并且她因他对自己处境感到好笑而产生了一丝恼火。
tr	O	她努力装作随意，但是我心知肚明。
tr	O	我今晚多半不会死了，毕竟，而且让他再内疚十二个小时也没什么不好。
tr	O	我的马车不贫穷，但是也不富有。
tr	O	他疲惫地呼出一口气，并且我抬头看向他。
tr	I	His hands were tightly fisted on the sides of the towel and a muscle was jumping in his jaw .
tr	O	他表现得很反常，而且我想知道是不是还有其他问题。
tr	O	我是今晚这里唯一的人，而且我需要回去研究我们发现的新黑洞。
tr	O	女孩正在摆弄手腕内侧的绷带，并且清晰油亮的药膏沿着边缘闪闪发光。
tr	I	She wasn 't apologizing for her independence , and she didn 't need to answer to Nicolae .
tr	O	他怀疑自己能否第二次解释自己的存在，但是据他所知，他没有被发现。
tr	O	她让那个发出焦躁声音的仆人安静下来，并且伸手去抓门把手。
tr	I	I didn 't and I felt so odd because everyone had such interesting backgrounds .
tr	I	The report of the blow was echoed by the feral scream of his attacker , and the clang of the impact numbed his arm to the elbow .
tr	I	His shoulders were pretty broad , and he was sort of tall .
tr	O	他的头发被风吹乱了，而且他的下巴上零星地长着黑色胡茬。
tr	I	Some of them would at least be useful , but none of the items did anything to solve his quandary .
tr	I	Even the soap was against her since it felt so sensuous against her skin , but at home , she showered thoroughly .
tr	O	特丽丝知道，而且佐伊也知道。
tr	O	从公寓到棕榈酒店只有一小段路，但是当她到达188房间时，公文包已经变得沉重多了。
tr	O	尼古拉蒙着眼皮的目光突然凝固了，仿佛她的惊讶冒犯了他，而且萨姆想知道他预料她的反应会是什么。
tr	I	The man was no exception , and people eventually can sense when they 're being watched .
tr	I	This was one of those times , and sometimes strong tastes fit strong emotions .
tr	O	当他看着其他人开始将碎片拼凑起来并争论它们该放到哪里时，他又想起了他退休的决定。
tr	O	我知道有几个人在旁观，但是我无法看清他们的脸。
tr	I	She saw Rowan do this , and sometimes Mona was waiting for Rowan in the hallway .
tr	I	Aiden would never let me walk away alone , but leaving in the middle of the night might seem like a terrible thing to do .
tr	O	他躺了回去，而且我检查了他的伤口。
tr	I	That 's not a common name , but I 'm about to say Art .
tr	O	爸爸会再次失业，或者邻居会听到他殴打妈妈。
tr	O	他的手收紧环住她的腰，并且她靠了过去，决心放松。
tr	I	Her expression became very serious and Danielle looked at her mother .
tr	I	Then he slipped to the floor , but it seemed he would fall forward .
tr	O	他还会活一段时间，但是没有人能做任何事来拯救他。
tr	I	His eyes were still troubled as he searched her face , but he nodded .
tr	I	Then you can see her and give me a few moments .
tr	O	这也许会成功，而且如果不行，你听到了奥利维亚说什么。
tr	I	Many Grays approach the vehicle and Locust 4 has finally landed .
tr	I	They tied it around Toby 's neck , and Doyle brought him a piece of rope .
tr	I	I took the time to clinically look her over and she stood above me , smiling with a faint ironic twist .
tr	O	他的黑发垂到一只眼睛上，并且他的手深深地插在口袋里。
tr	O	他的嘴唇颤抖着，而且他的眼睛湿润了。
tr	I	Ari could think of nothing better to do than run her fingers along his hard flesh , and then his shirt was gone .
tr	O	他在照片里见过帕特农神庙，但是这个地方与那张图片不符。
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , and my hand began to shake .
tr	I	My mother is an heiress and my father is a wealthy business owner .
tr	O	这就像我们的狼群只是一个巨大的拼图，而且我找到了缺失的那一块。
tr	I	Looking down at their papers and they 're all at least twenty feet away .
tr	I	She wouldn 't really feel the pain , and he would just have to keep in mind that she wasn 't human .
tr	O	镇上有食物，有补给，但是他没有收集到足够的。
tr	O	他可能要完蛋了，但是他至少把剩下的那些混蛋也一起解决了。
tr	I	I was shaking just a little and my heart was galloping in my chest .
tr	I	They sent me tumbling into a maelstrom , but where these thoughts came from , I do not know .
tr	I	We fell into silence and I sensed that the conversation was over .
tr	O	你走了，而且我还活着。
tr	I	My wardrobe definitely did not lend itself to the occasion and I wasn 't exactly the clubbing type .
tr	I	Then she fell into the mud , and he shoved her , so hard that she tripped on her skirts .
tr	O	一块石头从我肩上落下，并且我突然感觉比空气还轻。
tr	O	她并非有意疏远，但是她仍旧没有释怀他没告诉她就清空了帕特里克房间的事实。
tr	O	我真的很想走过去找她，但是就是有种东西告诉我别过去。
tr	O	小女孩警惕地看了她一眼，但是她放下了剑。
tr	I	They wanted humans to help save them and not a single female existed among them .
tr	O	特莎知道她应该移开视线，但是她做不到。
tr	O	过去的女性在园艺，并且男性骑着割草机。
tr	O	我看着他的眼睛，并且他能看到我的恐惧。
tr	I	Still she needed to squelch this before it got any worse , but how he could be jealous of anyone else was beyond her .
tr	I	There 's still no sign of Reeve , and this is my fourth loop around town .
tr	O	亚历克试图跳起来，但是枪械保险栓被解开的声音让他重新考虑他的下一步行动。
tr	O	唐尼开始挣脱，但是安娜轻轻地捏了捏他的手腕。
tr	I	I could knit , but I couldn 't hold down more than a few bites at a time .
tr	I	Borden staggered back , off balance , and she heard the crack of bone on bone .
tr	O	他的眼白睁得很大，并且他的嘴巴张开，发出咆哮。
tr	I	I stepped inside before she could slam the door on me , literally , and she let out a yelp .
tr	O	他上次有一支僵尸军队，但是我们彻底摧毁了他们。
tr	I	He was about to get the shock of his life and well , he had grossly under estimated her .
tr	O	我知道，并且你知道为什么吗？
tr	O	据他所知，车里没有人，并且当他试图打开车门时，它们是锁着的。
tr	O	锁里传来了钥匙刮擦的声音，并且王子沉默了。
tr	I	The man was in no condition to respond , but they were surely aware of the little tyke desperately trying to get his dad 's attention .
tr	O	他饿极了，并且那听起来不错。
tr	O	一定是莱斯·韦弗，并且莱斯·韦弗是个冷静的人。
tr	I	It was a small percentage of their business , but sure , they were diversifying into military applications .
tr	I	I watched as Logan ran his hands through his dark blond tousled hair again and we stared at each other for a few seconds .
tr	I	Lights began flashing on it as it whined to life and the evil doctor pressed a button on his larger gun .
tr	O	这是一种对生命的可悲替代品，但是那是我拥有的一切。
tr	O	麦克斯一定在浴室里翻了个身，因为他突然踢了墙，并且艾玛僵住了。
tr	O	他在那里，并且她感到安全。
tr	O	你已经做得远远超出足够了，并且我们会没事的。
tr	O	医生说在旧世界有很多人，但是这太荒谬了。
tr	O	我看不到我的家人，但是我知道他们就在那里。
tr	O	我们掌握了出其不意的优势，并且我们应该没有任何问题解决掉那些劫匪 - 克朗奇。
tr	I	A dark silhouette appeared at the center , and there was a blaze of light in front of her .
tr	O	风吹得沙子飞扬，并且雾也正在滚滚而来，给外面的世界一种黄昏的错觉。
tr	O	她不得不如此，并且他们也知道这一点。
tr	O	她感觉到他的情绪撼动身体时所产生的颤抖，并且她紧紧抱住他，试图减轻他正在感受的痛苦。
tr	O	那个男人清醒得很，并且他的笑容一点也不友好。
tr	I	He relaxed a bit , sinking further into the sofa , and Seeing William 's slightly wrinkled skin up so close warmed Toby .
tr	I	I pray that you come to me soon , but I will continue to enjoy my time here .
tr	I	His expression softened , and I glanced at him .
tr	I	Presley disappeared into her bedroom , and Cheyenne shrugged , effectively ending the conversation .
tr	O	他回答了他能回答的所有问题，但是不幸的是，焦点在我身上。
tr	O	我们明年将从这个地方搬走，但是我们现在还没有条件这样做。
tr	O	有一个用于做饭的壁炉，并且两侧都开了窗户以便采光。
tr	O	布林的嘴唇抿成一条硬线，并且她闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	He managed to drive three blocks before he had to turn left , and there were fewer people around now , many hopefully finding shelter somewhere .
tr	O	他按了一个按钮，并且它紧紧地合上了。
tr	I	The gunslinger thought : C He 's not even smoking it anymore , and the cracked lips writhed , lifted , revealing the green , mossy teeth .
tr	I	For a moment she was sure he 'd read her thoughts , and he was frowning at her .
tr	O	弗洛雷斯说伊娃已经离开了大楼，但是出租车司机仍在等她。
tr	O	我又给他弄了些血，并且他喝这瓶血的速度更慢了。
tr	I	We took a final step forward , placing our shells on Ethan 's headstone together and she nodded .
tr	O	信息从一个流向另一个，并且他开始了解她的想法。
tr	I	He winked and I smiled .
tr	I	There were no cans of crushed pineapple , but there were two cans of mandarin oranges .
tr	O	莱克一言不发，但是当我点头回应蔡斯未说出口的疑问时，她开始脱掉衬衫。
tr	O	他的臀部挡住了路，但是我还是能辨认出一栋大楼。
tr	O	他的手出汗很厉害，并且恐慌威胁要吞噬他。
tr	O	他的朋友们行为非常奇怪，而且斯塔凡不想对任何事情措手不及。
tr	O	你有一个哥哥，而且他将成为国王！
tr	O	她轻推了汉娜，而且汉娜也挤出了一个微笑。
tr	I	He was lost and her voice broke .
tr	I	We weren 't rich , but she was a maid .
tr	O	他们一小时后在空中，而且多诺万抱着伊芙，将她揽在怀里。
tr	O	冰冷涌入我的血管，但是他什么也没说。
tr	I	The horde had wormed their fingers into the leather straps that kept his breastplate on , but next he tried to roll over to stand up .
tr	O	瑞秋想回应，但是她太虚弱了。
tr	I	Yet another advertised a luxury car , and another sign boasted the faded picture of women in bathing suits drinking beer .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be able to get up again and I was afraid the ladder would break .
tr	I	She didn 't want it to be like all the guys she 'd picked up at the bar , but she wanted him .
tr	I	James hoped it was not dead , and it did not move .
tr	O	攻击的突然猛烈让他惊讶，但是他对手的任何一击都没有命中。
tr	O	她紧张地笑了，并且我吻了她，手按在她后腰处。
tr	O	这可能是一个谎言，但是它让她听起来比实际感受到的更勇敢。
tr	I	His fingers flying across the keys of a computer , and the burly man was sitting at a desk , a headset on .
tr	I	That was a chance I couldn 't take , but the odds of it being Scotia were slim .
tr	I	I 'm tired , but it 's early .
tr	O	我们沿着沙滩走了很长一段路，并且我们转过身来。
tr	I	She could go back to normal vanilla sex and Hell , maybe the reality wouldn 't even come close to her fantasies .
tr	O	红绿灯变了，并且蒂姆将脚从刹车踏板上轻轻移到油门踏板上。
tr	O	我不是有意无礼，但是如果我现在开口，结果可能不那么好看。
tr	I	Still his father couldn 't look at him without curling his lip , and they hadn 't seen each other in more than a century .
tr	O	他低下头去逗弄她的乳头，但是她猛地把他的头拉到她嘴边。
tr	I	She has her own little idiosyncracies , but in many ways , she 's you .
tr	I	People pass it off as fairytales and it happened in the bible all the time .
tr	O	片刻没有回应，并且那时她回以他紧握的力道。
tr	O	汉娜身体一歪，并且那个男人搂住了她的腰。
tr	O	凯米是个妓女，并且我是字面意思。
tr	I	Then something caught her eye , but she turned the pages idly .
tr	O	他的眉毛皱起，并且他的嘴唇露出凶相。
tr	O	我们只剩一小时药效就会消失，而且你需要能够不假思索地瞄准某人。
tr	I	No one answered , but she called out .
tr	I	This time turned to fully face me and Art paused again .
tr	I	This isn 't an ordinary case , but I don 't think you can find a one size fits all for that .
tr	I	The knife instantly started on it the second he put it down and Logan pulled a claw from his pocket .
tr	I	The sun 's light sparkled on it , and it was dark blue , almost black .
tr	I	I nodded -- but I could tell from the heat in my face that I 'd suddenly gone bright red .
tr	I	That comes only when a female is involved in the decision-making process of a man and I can see a new confidence in you .
tr	I	Just feel him and to forget the fire .
tr	I	They turned off the highway and car traffic thinned out .
tr	I	He did love Hannah , but he hadn 't wanted to admit it until now .
tr	I	I do have to hit the road , but I don 't have to work today .
tr	O	这很不幸，但是我们不该期待别的什么。
tr	I	They nearly matched her sweater , and they were the same bright blue as Dex 's .
tr	I	The intense wind created drifts as tall as me , but the wind has died down .
tr	I	He wanted to figure out what had happened , and he was curious .
tr	I	She sauntered forward , but when Kylie turned around , Della didn 't look too happy .
tr	O	怀特先走了出去，并且我跟着他走到了覆盖着一层薄薄灰尘的硬木地板上。
tr	I	Before she could so much as make a sound , he was coming at her with a needle , and the door opened .
tr	I	I thought it must be full , though full with what I couldn 't guess and it was a plain thing for such massive weight .
tr	I	Something loosened in my chest , and she returned it .
tr	I	I held out the lantern toward it , and a dark figure arose from the box .
tr	O	玛歇尔在她离开后的同一个晚上来了，并且他看到我蹒跚而行时吓坏了。
tr	I	He gave me an equally brilliant smile , and I was beaming from ear to ear .
tr	I	She was curled into a tight ball in the center of the bed , and the blankets were pulled up to her chin .
tr	I	The pressure somehow seemed less , but the masses still piled up .
tr	I	I smile , and he curses .
tr	O	萨姆是我的双胞胎兄弟，但是他不在。
tr	O	它就放在他的桌子上，而且当我意识到它是给你的，我就想把它带来。
tr	I	The corner of his mouth twitched up in appreciation , and she caught them easily as they came near her .
tr	O	泰伊已经死了，但是塔里克正在垂死。
tr	O	厨房的侧门开了，并且 Ghost 挤了进来。
tr	O	她的一半想把他推出门外，而且另一半根本不想让他离开。
tr	I	Sebastian felt that scrambling away from each other would only imply that they were doing something wrong , but Jane stiffened .
tr	I	His other hand wrapped around the back of my head , and a deep , sexy sound rose up from his chest .
tr	I	In that time , she 'd come to care for him , but they hadn 't been together long .
tr	O	她可以在髋部抬起她腿的上半部分，但是下半部分只是被动地跟着。
tr	O	每个人都这样做，所以我知道他的问题从何而来，但是仍然，这让我感到不快。
tr	I	He does the same , and keeping one hand firm on Caleb 's arm , I wrap my free arm around Zeke .
tr	I	It was enough to tell me to shut up , but I caught Amory 's eye for just a moment .
tr	O	我现在不会强迫她这样做，但是我希望假以时日，她会觉得她可以。
tr	I	She is already joking about it , and she almost fell to her death .
tr	O	这听起来像小说，但是它不是。
tr	O	我关上她的储物柜，转过身，并且我感到身后有沉重的呼吸。
tr	I	He pushes the door open , letting out the smell of cigar smoke , and my mouth drops .
tr	I	His gut clenched with the undeniable surety that Sunny was somehow in danger and Wade 's instincts blared .
tr	I	I needed to prove I could do this job and a dash of favoritism got me through the door .
tr	I	He halted and she retreated .
tr	I	It did not take long to find what he sought , but his fingers scanned the surface of the table with care .
tr	I	He kissed her passionately before forcing himself to pull away and his fingers sunk deep into the back of her hair .
tr	I	I agreed but I was a bit confused .
tr	O	失望拉扯着他的嘴角，并且我感觉我做错了什么。
tr	I	The chip couches the question in terms that make sense to me , but they don 't tell time like we do .
tr	O	我喜欢肾上腺素飙升的感觉，并且我想闯出一番名堂。
tr	I	They left and he said .
tr	I	She looked like a lost little girl , terrified to death and Barbi turned to look at me .
tr	I	Life changes - people change , but I hadn 't really planned on going to college .
tr	O	索耶帮我度过了痛苦的时刻，并且我挣扎着度过了快乐的时刻。
tr	I	Rourke held me fast , but I yelled , struggling to get loose .
tr	I	Dani 's cousin Angela wouldn 't mind , but we were fashionably late , as usual .
tr	I	A small oil lamp was there right in middle of the structure , but there was no statues of gods there .
tr	O	她曾试图坐起来，并且她手指上的绳子掉了。
tr	I	Then again , it was pitch-black outside now , but there didn 't seem to be anyone lurking on the dorm 's lawn .
tr	O	他很担心她会说什么，但是他必须知道。
tr	O	小联盟适合打响名声，但是真正的财富在职业联赛。
tr	O	“你在哪儿？”她问他，但是他会飘走，无法回答。
tr	I	He would 've moved on the second his bike was fixed , or he was also a man of his word .
tr	O	一股轻盈感笼罩着她，并且她感到全身有一种微妙的、被抑制的运动的颤动。
tr	I	Then I see him , and I take off again .
tr	O	我认为我们所做的是一个必要的欺骗，但是我会把由此产生的道德困境留给你去解决。
tr	I	That vacuum will catch us for sure and we go much farther down .
tr	O	爵士犀利地看着他，但是他什么也没说。
tr	I	Madison wouldn 't have needed to crack another safe and they wouldn 't have had to befriended another reprobate .
tr	O	我以前从未见过她，但是我知道那就是她。
tr	O	门吱呀一声开了，并且肯齐走进房间，躲开了那个拿着带血抹布轻手轻脚走出来的小矮人。
tr	O	拿钱感觉很奇怪，但是雷克斯说得有道理。
tr	O	两只眼睛颜色相同，但是其中一只更亮。
tr	O	我以为我把它落在上面了，但是他让我去找它。
tr	I	The palace gates opened and with great ceremony the horns were sounded .
tr	O	卡车停了下来，并且我听到了更多的声音。
tr	I	Claire picked it up as she climbed to her feet , and the bat hit the ground with a clatter .
tr	I	Its implications had played through Gretchen 's mind most of the day and that thought .
tr	I	I find a message from Chancellor Tarn waiting for me instead , but instead , I stagger to my quarters , wanting a shower .
tr	O	门在我身后合上，将我留在典雅的客厅里，并且门合上时，我听到电视又响了起来。
tr	O	我在考虑是否要忽略她，但是如果我不告诉她，就会有别人告诉她。
tr	O	山姆说我声音不洪亮时并非有意侮辱我，并且他确实没有。
tr	I	I didn 't see Alice Barrow on there , but I scanned the list of names .
tr	O	她醒了过来，带着困惑而沮丧的表情，但是随后她意识到女儿回来了。
tr	I	There was none , but Cindy waited for a response .
tr	I	Then he wouldn 't want to be their pilot anymore , and maybe she would hurl on Bo 's boots , too .
tr	O	她不仅为了生存射杀了一个男人，但是这也给她带来了精神上的负担。
tr	O	他走回了她的客厅，不在乎蕾娜是否跟着他，但是她跟了上来。
tr	I	I 'd been avoiding any news about it , and the trial was set to start in a few weeks .
tr	I	She 's really particular about leaving the sales floor , but it sounds like a lame question .
tr	I	I almost groaned , and it hit me in the next instant .
tr	O	她想念她的《战争论》，所以她尝试阅读马基雅维利的《君主论》，但是那对她来说太难理解了。
tr	I	The second Indian lay permanently silenced , and Sage 's ax found its mark .
tr	O	他们两人都没有提及泽维尔的谋杀案，并且她也没有获得更多相关信息。
tr	I	Iona sensed that otherwise , they were evenly matched , but Jace had the impatience of youth , Eric the calm of experience .
tr	O	西德尼显然是个非常乖巧的孩子，并且他对此感到疑惑。
tr	O	她越早离开，她就会越早回来，并且如果她今天要走，她最好现在就开始。
tr	I	New ideas generated in their stead and they had to be thrown out .
tr	O	吉米喝了一小口啤酒，并且一个非常奇怪的笑容扭曲了他的嘴角。
tr	O	答案并非完全令人满意，但是保罗不予理会，因为另一个问题又浮现在脑海中。
tr	O	阿里的手指在屏幕上飞舞，并且几秒钟后，事情就完成了。
tr	I	It seemed so much closer than before , and the flames were bursting through the density of smoke that covered the sky .
tr	O	佐伊说道，并且她感到一股恐惧从她内心深处涌上来。
tr	O	他没有回应她一再的呼唤，但是她继续在楼下的房间里寻找。
tr	O	他准备了一份演讲稿，但是结果证明没有必要。
tr	I	No one dared to try stopping her , but there were a few screams of protest from the crowd of horrified bidders .
tr	I	She reached out , wrapping her arms around me , and Golden bangles hung from each of her slender wrists .
tr	I	I swallowed it , and a lump caught in my throat .
tr	O	我的头向后仰，并且我弓身贴近他，用臀部抵住身下男人坚硬的隆起。
tr	O	约书亚给米斯特发出了撤退的信号，并且他迅速退出了车。
tr	I	I feel so terrible still , but I want to smile back .
tr	O	我们身处如此不同的境地，并且我们俩都知道这一点。
tr	O	双方都有简单的保证，并且她签署了一份百万美元的合同。
tr	I	The wind was blowing much stronger and the mountain tops were now hidden by low-lying clouds .
tr	I	I took a small bite , and he held the bar out .
tr	O	他认为佩内洛普的左肩脱臼了，并且她可能还有轻微脑震荡。
tr	I	He had called Nicholls out without quite realizing it , and maybe Nicholls had insulted him ?
tr	I	There were no visible signs of injury and I was surprised to find that he was fully coherent .
tr	I	It can 't be another way , but still , it troubles me to know that her soul is dimmed as mine is lightened .
tr	I	I know the whole pack is looking forward to your mating , and I know what I heard .
tr	O	门开了一道缝，并且她的手出现了。
tr	O	他会问我关于和女孩们那些八卦的事，并且我会告诉他一些事情。
tr	I	His change of attire reflected that and the time for leisure was over .
tr	O	我的话语得到了沉默的回应，但是他没有离开。
tr	I	The long road to Bath was to the right and Home was to the left .
tr	O	妈妈的嘴唇抿紧了，但是她点了点头。
tr	O	我用手指摸了摸脸颊，并且一抹红晕慢慢泛上脸颊。
tr	I	I guess this was a good time to be nervous , but he appeared to be nervous .
tr	O	卢克嗤笑了一声，并且我忍住了笑。
tr	I	He wasn 't sure he ever wanted to , and he just didn 't know that reason yet .
tr	I	He wasn 't hit , but the gunfire sounded .
tr	O	然后门开了，并且一个女人走了进来。
tr	I	I 'm heading to the interrogation room and he just got to the observation room .
tr	O	卡拉尖叫起来，但是约翰消失在房子里。
tr	O	以前从未有人邀请埃德温做他们的朋友，并且他不确定如何回应。
tr	I	She 'd given it a try herself , as well , and Extra prayers certainly couldn 't hurt .
tr	I	He walked off and ' Okay , well you 're needed in here , ' he said .
tr	O	我不喜欢赤身裸体，但是说实话，那是我最小的问题。
tr	O	充其量那也只是一道小小的划痕，但是这让我准备好让他流更多的血。
tr	O	他听到身后有脚步声踩得地面嘎吱作响，并且他兴奋地转过身来。
tr	O	他的衬衫飘落到地板上，并且她屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	They grin back at him , and he seems to know everyone .
tr	I	She wanted to wilt , and the thought hit her .
tr	O	这听起来更像命令而非请求，并且梅兰妮皱起了眉头。
tr	O	他没能幸免，并且紧接着响起了枪声。
tr	I	There was nothing there but Golden dipped her hand in to feel for the phone .
tr	O	我想父亲会愿意的，如果给他一个机会的话，但是我很确定妈妈已经说服自己她的儿子真的死了。
tr	I	Sherry was very impressed , and she cleaned meticulously .
tr	O	唯一不痛的动作是眨眼，并且那可能只是相对于其他一切而言的。
tr	O	无论你决定选谁，他都必须是自愿的，并且你可以告诉他，他有我的允许来做出改变。
tr	O	我知道我身在地狱，然而我并没有试图逃脱。
tr	O	阿瑞斯走了，并且我是弑神者。
tr	O	他握了她的手，并且她关上了门。
tr	I	She simply didn 't want to deal with that man right now and she didn 't doubt that her father was still trying to introduce her .
tr	I	I 'll find out but the only way to counteract admitting to not knowing something was to immediately follow it with the words .
tr	I	It was still enjoyable to exchange , but the remark had been the same for years .
tr	O	天空被灰色的云覆盖着，并且地面因最近的雨而湿润。
tr	O	他们的晚餐账单到了，并且当里奇处理那个的时候，杰米喝完了她的酒。
tr	I	It 's worth something to me , but that might not mean anything to you .
tr	O	我不想看到它，并且我害怕我会往下看。
tr	O	我不习惯打猎，并且我的脖子因紧张而疼痛。
tr	O	飘出来的味道非常棒，并且她感到自己的胃因兴趣而咕咕叫。
tr	O	四面八方都是郁郁葱葱的青山，并且有一片蓝天，上面布满了蓬松的白云。
tr	O	任何看到的人都会放弃，但是马克不是那种轻易放弃的人。
tr	I	This round slammed into the creature trying to subdue Erik , burning the skin from its bones , and he fired again .
tr	I	She nods her head in response and her eyes drift to meet mine .
tr	I	I never thought I would see them again , but I knew they lived .
tr	O	街道现在一片死寂，尤其是对于这样的节日期间，并且城市似乎笼罩在一片诡异的寂静中。
tr	I	It had never set her pulse to fluttering so , but she had been complimented before .
tr	O	它很干净，但是它肯定已经过了鼎盛时期。
tr	O	已经过了一小时，并且艾丽娅刚刚走出照相亭。
tr	I	Winston wasn 't going to bite and they 'd had this conversation before .
tr	O	过了相当长一段时间艾哈迈德才开始恢复意识，但是终于，生命又开始在他体内流动。
tr	I	I guessed Sioux and he was late forties .
tr	I	The sink was close to overflowing and he 'd left the water on .
tr	I	The pads of my feet are burning and my toes are already starting to blister .
tr	I	I instantly regretted my bad joke and Jackson 's face darkened .
tr	O	莱缪尔问道，并且他的声音听起来不高兴。
tr	O	树木的绿色在蓝天映衬下变得模糊，并且微风吹拂着我的老式连衣裙，使其贴着我的双腿。
tr	O	它击中她的脚踝时感到刺痛，但是当她用手臂护住猫时，她几乎没有畏缩。
tr	I	The sun was sinking in the west , and it was almost curfew time .
tr	O	维尔纳医生的声音很平静，并且那样很好。
tr	O	我到处找它，但是它哪里都没掉。
tr	I	The teasing in my voice faltered , but I tried to make light of my words .
tr	I	This time the laugh meant nothing to me , and she laughed .
tr	O	我的世界天翻地覆了，并且我仍在努力赶上。
tr	I	She dug her fingernails into his hand , and he could see the horror in Jewell 's eyes .
tr	I	He has captured me completely , and he is exceptional .
tr	I	Her hair had been recently done , and her hands were heavy with diamonds .
tr	O	房间随着每一次喘息而缩小，但是我想要他。
tr	O	她的血液越是奔涌，并且她的核心越是悸动。
tr	O	他直勾勾地盯着那些女巫，并且我意识到她们不只是女人。
tr	O	他通常不会买这样的东西，但是有什么东西吸引着他。
tr	I	Then I 'm in his arms , and there is silence , followed by the shifting of the bed .
tr	O	他一路上都在咕哝，并且我说的任何话似乎都丝毫无法让他平静下来。
tr	O	已经过了午夜，并且我们俩都筋疲力尽了。
tr	I	I think he is probably right , and megan snarls , her face red .
tr	I	He halted suddenly when Teresa spoke , but he took a step forward , intending to stop her before she got one step outside his house .
tr	O	杰克颤了一下，并且麦迪简短地看了他一眼。
tr	I	I 'm the boss until he gets back and this place belongs to Matt !
tr	I	Rock felt the lump push into the blade and the man tried to swallow underneath the steel .
tr	I	She jumped , and a cool hand fell on her shoulder .
tr	O	一共有十五个人，并且麦克奈尔让他们回家后，简直再高兴不过了。
tr	O	德鲁不信任她，但是他们仍然需要她的帮助才能出去。
tr	O	现在他想要离婚，但是他不想分享。
tr	I	The cowboy seemed unconcerned , yet Matthew dropped a step back behind Bax as a precaution .
tr	I	His was grey and the only difference was that hers was flesh colored .
tr	O	他的笑容还在，但是他的表情却变得僵硬。
tr	I	He ignores him , but Seth calls out to him .
tr	I	So too , it seemed , was Theo , and August was wearing his trademark checked shirt .
tr	I	Gabriel 's eyes dropped and there was a pause .
tr	O	也许我不该发表评论，但是我让我的嫉妒心在我来得及重新考虑之前就驱动了我的下一步行动。
tr	O	这是她的地方，并且我知道她在这里。
tr	O	他们只等了一会儿，门就突然开了，并且甘农探进头来。
tr	I	Right then it didn 't matter , but she couldn 't remember which article she 'd found that quote in .
tr	I	She 'd be damned if he thought she was still upset over his departure and he 'd left her seven years ago !
tr	I	It never lasted very long , but she was clearly in pain .
tr	O	我也预料到了这一举动，并且我再次在最后一刻踩下油门逃跑。
tr	O	这必须是他的决定，但是我想看看他是否能以某种方式提供帮助。
tr	I	I took it away from them and they stole something from this man .
tr	O	我的头晕目眩，并且我的心怦怦直跳。
tr	O	他很惊讶，但是他不打算争论。
tr	O	我想在我说出口的瞬间收回这些话，但是已经太迟了。
tr	O	她今晚经历了很多，并且她完全有理由怀疑。
tr	I	My eyes dart around the shared space , and I lock the door behind me .
tr	I	Then everything was a dark dream , and another blow fell on his crown .
tr	O	“我早有怀疑，”查尔点了点头，但是一股如释重负的感觉还是掠过他的脸庞。
tr	O	我什么都听不见，并且我的视力开始模糊。
tr	I	I was out of tampons , and it was actually getting close to my period .
tr	O	布料中嵌入了一个微小的灯光图案，然而，并且它会在夜间不时地闪烁数次。
tr	O	我喜欢购物，并且在球场上寻找有趣的服装是当时我的热情所在。
tr	I	I 'm sure your friend will tell me the same thing tomorrow , and I am fine .
tr	I	Now he was getting close to his destination and Ted had known exactly where he was going .
tr	O	他头上稀疏的头发几乎全白了，并且他的喉结像个小梅干一样从脖子上凸出来。
tr	I	I laughed and he looked at me in amusement .
tr	I	She spotted it through the trees , and his house , she assumed , was the next one on the right .
tr	O	噼啪声从多姆的口袋里传来，并且他皱着眉头放下了针。
tr	I	I loved every word and Jack was dead serious .
tr	I	He tears himself away from me to sit back on his heels , and Calder groans in response .
tr	O	这都不是一场梦，并且她的生活被毁了。
tr	I	Beau suddenly knew why , whoever was in that tank was alone and it seemed to take forever for the shot to come .
tr	O	她的嘴唇微启，并且一声轻柔的喘息从她口中发出。
tr	I	What they covered , and he stared at her fingers .
tr	O	你无法想象这种欺骗，并且我也无法想象这种善良。
tr	O	他考虑给马洛里打电话，但是他不知道他想问什么。
tr	I	Her mind rambled and her stomach turned .
tr	I	Her head constantly ached , and she felt beyond dehydrated .
tr	I	None of that had caused her a moment 's hesitation , but not the smartest thing she 'd ever done , admittedly .
tr	I	Once she passed , whispers followed her , and conversations stopped in mid-sentence when she came into view .
tr	I	Her eyes darkened and her smile faded .
tr	O	所有人的目光都转向了她，并且她等了一会儿才继续。
tr	O	我在那里的最后一个看护人去世了，并且我没有看到任何理由来取代他。
tr	I	I had a hard time tearing my eyes away from the emergency exit sign , but I laughed .
tr	I	An answer escaped before natural cynicism could bar the door , but she was taken aback .
tr	O	她盯着我，并且随后，毫无预警地，再次猛扑向注射器。
tr	I	The pallet racks have been repositioned to form a fence around our new , temporary mechanical room and the inventory has been moved .
tr	I	His dad just squeezed him harder and Danny pretended to choke .
tr	I	It wouldn 't hurt , but he probably wouldn 't need a whole box .
tr	I	I look for her everywhere in the mist , and she 's clearly upset .
tr	I	Ollie noticed , and I thought about that smile .
tr	O	他把这番话对着会众说，并且我们齐声表示同意。
tr	I	At those times it was all he could do not to respond , and other times her thoughts would come out clearly .
tr	O	她用松散而有力的笔触描绘山丘，并且这幅画在几分钟内就完成了。
tr	I	That 's hard on a kid , and she 's just not the warmest person in the world .
tr	O	这只鸟的眼睛是小红宝石，并且一颗大钻石镶嵌在剑柄上。
tr	O	房间是空的，但是他知道她在地下。
tr	I	I shook my head and my mouth dropped open .
tr	I	He , too , darted away , and he did the same with Xerxes .
tr	I	The moment calls for something , but Temple doesn 't know what to say .
tr	I	After they 've split up , she has never smiled , but like many people used to say , she used to rarely smile before their relationship .
tr	I	The boy landed roughly , but Konstantin leaped on his own , as spry as ever .
tr	I	It should be there soon and I ordered pizza for delivery .
tr	I	Now my happy mood had completely vanished and I had to get ready for work .
tr	O	布雷克把手挥过蜡烛，并且所有的烛芯都燃起了微小的火焰。
tr	O	四周都是山顶，并且远处夕阳正在西沉。
tr	O	他父亲年轻时可能相当英俊，但是岁月并没有善待他。
tr	I	She was determined to prove him right and Dad thought she was good enough to be in the Olympics one day .
tr	O	你不能，并且你不应该！
tr	O	这件事错了，无论他给自己找了什么借口，并且愤怒很快被羞耻所吞噬。
tr	I	Finally I told her I had to go , and we spent a couple of hours talking about old times .
tr	O	我脱下衬衫，并且她把脸贴在我的胸膛上对着我。
tr	I	Now that the pregnancy was past , they would drift toward their separate lives , and they were kids .
tr	O	元素生物已经被阻止了，但是它们还会再次到来。
tr	I	His fangs emerged and he pulled back his lips .
tr	I	He 's been to Frostburg exactly once , and my best pal from the Marine Corps lives in Pittsburgh , two hours away .
tr	I	He leans back , but I reach out to touch him .
tr	I	She was overcome by the most amazing smells , and the bike soon came to a stop .
tr	I	He didn 't say a word , but I could sense Cole behind me .
tr	I	Now the girls stood by her side , raring to go , and she hadn 't even had a chance to touch her food .
tr	I	She understood why Melanie liked working with the calves so much , and Mandy felt the little life stirring in her arms .
tr	I	So far it had been gripping and I was about a third of my way through the book .
tr	O	他的眼睛闪闪发亮，并且其中的绿色发光，仿佛他会哭泣。
tr	O	那是一个星期六的早晨，并且公园里有很多情侣。
tr	I	Three security guards , but when I had gone abroad last year , it had been with not one , not two .
tr	O	她的眼睛非常明亮，并且她的脸颊泛红。
tr	O	我检查了那个区域，但是没有人注意。
tr	I	The man slumped on his seat , unconscious , and he shot his elbow into Argos 's face .
tr	O	他和亨特一样英俊，然而他身上有某种飘渺的气质。
tr	I	I had somewhere I needed to be and she 'd be busy for awhile .
tr	O	她因为那糟糕的感觉而几乎无法咀嚼，但是她没有放弃。
tr	I	Underneath the fabric his skin is hot to the touch , and I 've already loosened his .
tr	O	那个年轻女人点了点头，“那个溺水的男人是她爱了很久的人，但是他从不知道。”
tr	O	白天过去了，并且我们几乎没有注意到。
tr	O	他们中的一个人上前一步，并且该隐朝天使的鼻子打了一拳。
tr	I	She wanted none of his money , but he was a partner who made $ 800,000 a year .
tr	I	She couldn 't place it , but the background was familiar to her .
tr	O	她的衬衫撕裂了，并且她的短裤解开了扣子。
tr	I	He staggered backward , wobbling too high off the ground , like an amateur on stilts , and another blow pummeled him .
tr	I	He arrived a few minutes early , and the appointment was for 5 P.M. .
tr	I	I move my chair closer to him slightly and Curiosity takes the place of my initial doubt .
tr	O	他们有时会控制他，并且没有人能告诉他原因。
tr	I	The rooms were empty , but they opened the door .
tr	O	他很专注，需要什么，渴望什么，但是她不敢猜测那可能是什么。
tr	I	Sue was long gone , but Raja raced to the door .
tr	O	外面，雨停了，但是天还漆黑一片。
tr	I	Sky opened it and the door unlocked .
tr	I	I was determined to find out what happened , but the next day at school was slightly awkward .
tr	I	These guys were tough , but -lsb- 1 ] You 'd think the letter would have scared them off .
tr	O	是一种我从未见过的，但是他们正在做什么，是不会错认的。
tr	O	他不是一个暴力的人，但是他绝望地想打人。
tr	I	Gareth raced forward to drag him from his place and he screamed .
tr	O	其他审判官中的一个解开了门锁，并且门吱呀一声开了。
tr	I	I tasted blood in my mouth and the stone felt cold beneath me .
tr	O	刺眼的灯光灼伤了我的眼睛足足一分钟，但是那时我的护送者已经关上了牢房的门。
tr	I	As I ran my eyes upward , I tried not to tremble , and it was attached to a leg clad in an impeccably cut suit .
tr	O	他开始在她体内律动，并且很快他温柔的律动就不够了。
tr	I	She had some new problems and escape plans continued to progress .
tr	O	他的眼睛下方有黑眼圈，并且他的脸色比平时更苍白。
tr	O	我的胃里一阵翻腾，仿佛坐过山车冲下坡时一样，并且我突然顿悟了。
tr	I	They all rushed out of the house totally shocked and it pulled up with a cloud of dust next to the front door .
tr	O	他高估了我那点微薄的才能，并且他将会感到幻灭。
tr	I	There was no hope of escape , but I tried to swim in it , looking for an air pocket .
tr	I	My heart 's hammering inside my chest and I realize my own hands are shaking .
tr	I	He had seen that last night , but he saw the garden .
tr	I	She could hardly tell them apart , and * * * Days seemed to pass fluidly .
tr	O	戴兰妮在场让她感到踏实，并且她很感激这一点。
tr	O	更多的枪声在我身后响起，但是我早已远去。
tr	I	Julie clearly thought she was revealing a significant fact , but she had no idea what difference that would make .
tr	O	我想把它从脑海中抹去，但是我做不到。
tr	O	我现在确定这一定是我的妹妹，并且我爱她的温柔。
tr	O	伊恩的眼睛闪闪发光，并且不一会儿他就带领着团队走向那扇小门。
tr	I	Love struck when they saw her and male students were mesmerized .
tr	O	客厅里那个人少了两只手，并且血液需要清理干净。
tr	I	There was no reason to spend weekends apart , and Amber was Michael 's lover .
tr	O	我的意思是它像她，但是它又不是。
tr	O	他的职责是忠于秩序，并且没有分心的余地。
tr	I	Now it was costing Lexi , and he 'd been reckless with his health .
tr	O	你一直告诉她你生活中不再有她的位置，但是她却试图说服你你们是属于彼此的。
tr	I	The intimacy they 'd already shared seemed to draw them together again and their eyes met .
tr	O	这件裙子让我看起来真的很美，但是它在我的腰部很紧。
tr	O	浇在他身上的水是温暖的，但是他还是倒吸了一口气。
tr	I	I shouted his name as I came , and the words drove me over the edge .
tr	O	福特不是那群人中最差的，但是他也从来不是什么天使。
tr	I	She already missed her dad like crazy , but she 'd been gone only two weeks .
tr	O	我猜它因为默特尔海滩而没有受到太多关注，但是它在南方很受欢迎。
tr	I	She is definitely worth waiting for , and Rachel is the kind of girl that requires a wait .
tr	O	他也清理了浴室，并且当莎拉走过房子时，她看到了她潜意识早些时候注意到的东西。
tr	I	They were creative , but of course all the insults flying followed the same home wrecking slut , no talent whore , kind of topic .
tr	I	My tongue was stuck to the back of my throat and my head felt as though someone was pounding it with a sledgehammer .
tr	O	她的眼睛又睁开了，并且她停止了在他身上移动。
tr	O	埃里克从他瘫软的地方直起身来，但是另一阵痉挛摧残着他的身体，疼痛如蛇般穿过他。
tr	O	她曾用手捂住耳朵以阻挡它，但是它太强大了。
tr	I	It didn 't hurt , but he wasn 't gentle .
tr	O	他有一辆还不到一年的卡车，但是他大部分时间都把它停在后面，不让人看见。
tr	I	They both put the bags on the floor and Cassy followed her through .
tr	O	她的嘴唇迎上他的，并且他们沉浸在另一个感性的深吻中。
tr	O	我不会杀他，但是那会是次近的事情。
tr	I	Devon grabbed hold of his arm , holding him back , but Julian reached out to push Devon aside .
tr	I	Meredith had a penchant for inviting only her blonde cousins up to the lakeside cabin in the summer and Uncle Peter had a cabin in the Catskills .
tr	O	天花板高高地消失在上方，并且在大厅的尽头，一行一百级漆黑的台阶升向空旷的顶端。
tr	O	麦肯齐强迫自己把注意力放回工作上，但是她知道他在哪里。
tr	O	我伸手去拿灯，但是它太远了。
tr	I	His voice softens , and his smile fades .
tr	I	Eating food and cracking heads .
tr	I	He knew the cause well enough , but Ned couldn 't convey in a glance the reason for Holt 's sudden burst of manners .
tr	I	I didn 't spend the night alone , but Sam may have turned me down .
tr	I	Generators turned and Water boiled .
tr	I	Now it has bit us , and we carried a snake right into our home .
tr	I	This time Ken would probably screen even more carefully , and now she was excited about the possibility of a new journey .
tr	O	店员好心地递给亚历克西娅一把拆信刀，并且她划开了封口。
tr	O	赛博让自己看起来尽可能无辜，但是内心深处她冷酷如冰。
tr	O	圣诞节只剩下两周了，并且看起来圣诞节那天会有很多雪。
tr	I	She 'd been following this case , but if it was anything else except this , she would have kept her mouth shut .
tr	O	我知道这些是本应通过数月缓慢的亲密接触才能获得的秘密，但是我情不自禁。
tr	I	He realized now that that wasn 't a bad thing , and she was more her father 's daughter than she 'd ever realized .
tr	I	He began to grimace , and Hammer 's former cheer faded .
tr	O	他已经注意到这个问题好几周了，并且是时候解决它了。
tr	O	他拍了拍凯恩的臀部，并且他们一起开始朝岸边爬行。
tr	I	There was also a slight hint of anger in her eyes but her features showed kindness .
tr	O	已经两周了，而且他们什么也没找到。
tr	O	她的脸涨红了，而且我能看到她的脉搏在颈部搏动。
tr	O	我没有西装，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	乔开始呜咽，并且大卫在意识到那人没有反抗时厌恶地走开了。
tr	I	I did it anyway , but I also knew better than to glance over my shoulder .
tr	I	He 's watching him go and I look at my dad .
tr	I	He 'd never be my boyfriend , but he could potentially become my boss .
tr	I	I feel my heels sticking to the sticky floor , and the lights are dim , barely illuminating the mass of people crowded into the main room .
tr	O	声音从我身后传来，而且特里把脸埋进了我的肩膀。
tr	O	我害怕我无法控制住那灼烧的疼痛，而且我不能在这里失控。
tr	I	The team formed a huddle around their coach and a whistle blew .
tr	I	There was a dark , amused edge to the words , but Ada asked .
tr	O	我的目光转向她，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	I	This is an emergency but normally I go here in the morning when I have more time .
tr	I	Much of the hair I had anticipated to be there was nowhere to be found , and their skin was pale .
tr	I	The Captain beckoned him and he looked up at the wheel .
tr	I	I can feel the vibration of his low , deep voice , but his response is no more than a whisper .
tr	O	他似乎为了狗零食而容忍我们，但是那里没有爱。
tr	O	我无法和她争论，但是我至少可以尝试让她感觉好一些。
tr	O	泪水刺痛我的眼睛，并且我的软弱让我生气。
tr	O	废腿，就像比利一样，受了伤，并且因此无法使用他的腿。
tr	O	扫描仪颤抖着启动了，并且我们听到一名执法官报告拐角处发生了一起街头抢劫案。
tr	I	Sandra had told her that he thought he was a pirate now and Celeste had heard the passengers talking about Jake 's ' episode ' .
tr	O	她在提问之前就已经知道了答案，但是听到他亲口说出来却糟糕了千百倍。
tr	O	我们这些不朽者也有自己的历史，并且这场特殊的战争将永远不会被遗忘。
tr	O	我们就说数学不是我的强项吧，并且我的电话礼仪有时也差强人意。
tr	O	阿隆索举起了一只手套，并且莉亚用刺拳击打它。
tr	O	我不知道阿伯丁在哪里，但是苏格兰并没有那么大。
tr	I	The sound was weak but Nora strummed the guitar .
tr	I	It 's obvious he 's busy , but I want to say , Yes , please come get me .
tr	O	回声再次响起，狂野地回荡着，并且克莱尔蹲伏在原地，双手再次紧紧捂住耳朵。
tr	O	我恰巧非常了解你，并且我恰巧爱上了你。
tr	O	他心里有事，并且这涉及到她要在顶层公寓的昆恩·蔚蓝粉刷的卧室里过夜。
tr	I	Brandon pulled me back so that I was right against him and he turned back around .
tr	I	Then the next I want to make you submit to me , and one minute I want to throttle you .
tr	O	我对他产生了反感，并且他试图格挡一记从未打出的拳头。
tr	I	Another piece of that lifetime began to fall into place and Amelia experienced Sasha 's childhood memories .
tr	O	摩根凑到贝卡的面前，并且他们继续争吵。
tr	O	他失去她之后，记忆从那片地狱般的迷雾中涌现出来，但是他却将它们推开。
tr	I	His own tears slipped off his cheeks , adding to the page pooled with sorrow , and Viktor understood both sets .
tr	I	I was told to stay out here , and he carried me out the back door .
tr	O	我喜欢这里，但是我的时间所剩不多了。
tr	O	杀死正确的人，并且你就会成为英雄。
tr	I	He could not move , but he howled in outrage .
tr	I	Her nails were perfectly manicured and her fingers were thin .
tr	O	我不能责怪她，但是我不愿让她不道谢就离开。
tr	O	它变成了一个巧妙连接的八字形，并且当她把它拧回来时，那些环就合拢了。
tr	I	He had standards , but he was over a barrel .
tr	O	它是金属的，但是它却出奇地轻。
tr	O	我知道这听起来像是老套的功夫电影情节，但是你学会在中间地带快速思考。
tr	I	Lizzie jerked back trembling , and the words were as effective as a slap in the face .
tr	O	我的奶奶对我微笑，并且这让我想起我的妈妈。
tr	O	杰斯是一位杰出的亿万富翁，并且他不用担心自己的声誉。
tr	I	She didn 't dare take a bath , but a large tub sat in the corner .
tr	I	She had a rude awakening instead , but she thought that she could play with me .
tr	I	Ruben held off inhaling for fear of being heard in the silence surrounding the gentle hum of the enormous processor , and a hush followed .
tr	O	它们是有机的，并且它们是真实的。
tr	O	他是如此温柔，但是她需要他更近一些。
tr	I	Nobody took notice of my needs , but he took care of the boys .
tr	I	We want it , and Kidd has it .
tr	O	引座员递给她一份公告，并且她走进了圣所。
tr	O	这听起来很奇怪，但是我实际上一直在想开枪自杀。
tr	O	通往门廊的楼梯吱吱作响，就像需要上油一样，并且一个旧的马利门环在门的中央。
tr	I	Those photos had been during the man 's time in office , but he 'd seen photos of the guy .
tr	I	She nodded , and they spoke in an intimate manner , heads close .
tr	O	天很黑，并且我很高兴。
tr	I	She traces the tattoos that decorate my arm from wrist to shoulder , and her fingertips touch my forearm lightly .
tr	I	The first cut it always the deepest ... and I think these boys are my very first love .
tr	I	Warning prickles marched down Stacy 's spine , and a predatory gleam flashed in his eyes .
tr	O	我想把它们刮掉，但是我不想睡觉。
tr	O	她在黑暗中看不清任何细节，但是她几乎确定那是一段绳子。
tr	O	梅琳达翻了个白眼，并且肖恩忍住了笑容。
tr	O	她非常适合这个角色，而且我签下了她出演这部电影。
tr	O	我们的水被重新加满了，并且我咬了一口。
tr	I	He hadn 't even gotten that far and I 'd been with him for six months .
tr	O	他早先的轻松愉快荡然无存，并且他的表情转为痛苦的神色。
tr	I	I paint exactly like him , but I never intentionally tried to copy his style .
tr	I	They had bid each other a tearful farewell , and nobody was to know that Michael had walked with Karl through the night to Newcastle docks .
tr	I	He 's too isolated and I want what 's best for Sean .
tr	O	佩顿试图说她要和她待在一起，但是我 G 已经决定让艾勒里和我待在一起。
tr	O	他向我请求了这个帮助，但是他需要尽他的本分。
tr	I	She is on the inside but she doesn 't look brave on the outside .
tr	I	I felt a strong need to do exactly the opposite of what society said I should do and it was all so wrong .
tr	I	I think about how lucky I was that I didn 't hit anyone , and I remember running through that light .
tr	O	每一个单独的斑点都是无辜的，然而它们太多了，实在太多了。
tr	O	她又尖叫了几声，再次抱住我的腿，并且我的心因她的兴奋而感觉快要满溢出来。
tr	O	独自一人在新奥尔良并不理想，但是夏天结束前放弃也同样不理想。
tr	I	The earl 's face drained of all color , and my voice was thunderous even to my ears .
tr	I	I shook my head at her terrible manners and she finished her Coke in one long pull .
tr	I	Sticking her head in the sand had definitely not been the right approach , and Financials had always been a mystery to her .
tr	I	It 's perfect , but it 's too much .
tr	O	没看到吸血鬼，但是克莱尔也不会指望在临近中午时看到。
tr	I	Now he was ogling her like a piece of candy and he 'd almost drowned the poor woman .
tr	I	He couldn 't bring himself to stop listening , yet he felt he 'd no right to look .
tr	I	She never let go of him but she was very tense .
tr	I	She needed to keep it and she had a level head .
tr	I	To admit it crushes the contentment of the moment , but I know he 's right .
tr	I	Savannah was grateful for the distraction , and Rocco whined .
tr	I	Nick smiled back in response and Maxi giggled .
tr	I	My impression was that David Shaw was not terribly different , but I did not know her husband well .
tr	O	疼痛剧增，并且我的身体因电流而瘫软。
tr	I	There had been no such antics until Skyler , but the house brought back memories of his childhood .
tr	O	他还没有穿上制服，但是他已经带有一种权威。
tr	O	食物上来了，并且他们开始吃了。
tr	I	These are new canvases , but I admit my style reflects Van Gogh 's influence .
tr	O	他的故事倾泻而出，并且那个女人听着每一个字。
tr	O	他的肚子咕咕叫，并且我对着他的嘴笑了。
tr	I	There weren 't nearly as many guards out here as there had been in the rotunda , but I passed a few more giants in my wanderings .
tr	O	她跟着他出了窗户，并且他们一起爬下了树。
tr	O	杰里米的父母收养了查德，因为他没有在世的亲属，并且马库斯从大宗师那里获得了资金以资助他上大学。
tr	I	When she saw him , really saw him , she faltered , but she was fierce , ready to scold .
tr	I	I knew he was hungry as well and he 'd been thirsty , quite thirsty .
tr	I	I held my breath , waiting for someone to appear , and Mercer 's office door creaked as I slid it open .
tr	O	布莱斯也笑了，那是一种她很少发出的声音，但是当她笑的时候，那声音是那么悦耳。
tr	I	She 'd be right , and my aunt would 've said we couldn 't have done that in a month of Sundays .
tr	I	A small finger gently brushed her lips , but she was about to say more .
tr	I	Yet he found himself submitting to her game , and it was absurd to his way of thinking .
tr	O	埃德森瞥了一眼邓肯，并且训导主任回答了我。
tr	O	格温多林的表情暗了下来，她的好心情突然被破坏了，并且索尔立刻感到内疚，因为是他提起了这件事。
tr	O	一声哼气从她的嘴唇溢出，并且她把手臂交叉在胸前。
tr	O	格蕾丝不太确定是什么，但是她突然感到不适，一股寒意沿着她的脊椎蔓延开来。
tr	O	活板门旁边有动静，并且它不情愿地吱呀一声打开了。
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't count on it to come to my rescue , but I might have helped the wolf during the avalanche .
tr	O	他的眼睛里充满了悲伤，但是他的目光没有动摇。
tr	I	They didn 't initiate any more conversation , and I couldn 't think of anything else to talk about .
tr	I	The grip on her wrist relaxed and her touch appeared to calm him .
tr	I	Vane refused , but they tried to leave him behind .
tr	I	The wall must be scaled , or one brief glance told them the gate would need to be forced open .
tr	O	丹尼尔的手臂失去了支撑，并且他倒在了地上。
tr	I	He smiled at me and I looked at Victor .
tr	O	我把毯子拉到鼻子上，并且脸上浮现出一丝微笑。
tr	O	他的头低下了，并且他深深地点了点头。
tr	O	我们必须从他那里拿到艾莉的光之石，并且我想要成为做这件事的人。
tr	O	她别无选择，并且她此时此刻恨那件事甚至超过恨她自己（这已经说明了一切）。
tr	O	承认那些真相很痛苦，但是某种程度上也是一种解脱。
tr	I	It slid back into place and we passed through the door .
tr	O	约会完全是另一回事，并且我不能确定他是否理解其重要性。
tr	I	He soon became curious about what Justin was doing outside the property and Joshua would watch as Justin left him all alone .
tr	O	反正现在还不行，并且她害怕他可能再也不会在那里了。
tr	O	那不一定是件坏事，但是当涉及到像《房屋客人》这样的游戏时呢？
tr	I	Just talking about it brought the real world intruding into their private paradise , but she had known he would have to have his eyes checked again .
tr	I	I was only slowly starting to understand what he meant , but Dr. Miller 's words echoed in my mind .
tr	O	黎明紧随这些想法之后到来，并且他意识到自己没有得出任何结论。
tr	O	保时捷问道，并且我耸了耸肩。
tr	O	军需官考虑了一会儿要不要和上尉争论，但是他知道没有意义。
tr	I	I do , but you may not believe that you could ever want that .
tr	O	他是如此奇异地美丽，并且他的人格魅力势不可挡。
tr	I	We had no time to clean up , and my prints were all over the house by this point .
tr	I	He didn 't stop her , but his growl of frustration rumbled his chest against hers .
tr	I	Her nose quite red and Liz 's cheeks were rosy .
tr	I	She slid a bite of dessert into his open mouth and it dispelled more when he leaned forward .
tr	O	他听说信用卡对付这种简单的家用锁很管用，但是他已经将近五年没有带塑料卡了。
tr	O	她不知道为什么，但是她必须得到他。
tr	I	He took her by her shoulders and Paul 's eyes widened in disbelief .
tr	I	He sensed a trap , but her tone was mild .
tr	I	If something were to happen to him here , no one would notice for quite some time , and he was quite far away from the others .
tr	I	Not like this , not the way Jack was going to do it , but yes , she 'd wanted out .
tr	O	我以为我离那座豪宅只有一喊的距离，并不是说有人可以喊，但是我错了。
tr	O	如果她做了梦，那可能是不愉快的，但是她不记得了。
tr	I	Ignoring that is what would be a waste and she has an incredible talent .
tr	I	It seemed a little too unorthodox for me , but he assured me that pregnant women fired guns .
tr	I	He suspected she did , too , and he knew it .
tr	O	有什么东西猛地撞到他身上，并且他被撞倒了。
tr	I	We exited the craft onto the training facility podium and the controlling stabilizers stopped moving .
tr	I	I apparently hated him too and he hated me now .
tr	O	我们走下门廊，并且我转身去看了一眼房子。
tr	O	男孩跑开了，并且亨利退回到阳台下。
tr	O	当失去控制时，吸血鬼可以做任何事，而且通常那时人类才意识到恶魔正潜伏在他们当中。
tr	O	莉莉完全失去生气地躺在她的脚边，并且爸爸正在安慰性地拍着她的背。
tr	O	我伸出手去够她的，并且我轻轻地握住了她的手。
tr	I	Two cushioned chairs faced his desk , and a brown leather couch ran the length of one wall .
tr	I	That was a little scary and he wasn 't too rational right now .
tr	I	She let it work its way into her voice before she spoke and a dark power slithered to life within her .
tr	O	我不能声称自己无所不知，但是我会告诉你我所知道的。
tr	O	就在她以为他要抽回手的时候，他的手移动了，并且他的手指和她的交织在一起。
tr	O	她需要去上班，而且她不能在她第一个合同上迟到。
tr	O	我检查了他草草写上新电话号码的那张小纸条，并且我把它输了进去。
tr	O	她发出的每一次叹息都让肖恩陷入混乱，并且看着他的焦虑在过去几个月里不断升级一直非常有趣。
tr	O	你并非一无是处，而且竟然要我告诉别人我在辅导你。
tr	O	我想赶快到后院去获得更好的视野，但是克劳汀抓住了我的手臂。
tr	I	Very few people randomly save a stranger on their vacation , but people lose sunglasses all the time .
tr	I	It sunk , and something in my head told my heart to prepare itself for disappointment .
tr	I	Any allies would have to set out immediately upon receiving the message , and the time frame for which support would be possible was miniscule .
tr	O	她的身体感觉像铅一样沉重，而且每一步都像涉水穿过流沙。
tr	I	The aching sincerity in his voice was her downfall , but there was a form of protection in staying angry .
tr	O	当他不试图无用地炫耀时，他确实很优秀，而且他的妹妹也几乎一样优秀。
tr	O	我们把窗户摇下来了，并且风正把我的头发吹乱。
tr	I	You deserve some celebrating , and you 've worked hard .
tr	O	我的手机在口袋里，而且我确信她有她的。
tr	O	椅子很宽，谢天谢地，并且她把自己挪到了他身上。
tr	I	From the looks of his posture , he 's expecting me to hit him , and he 's standing upright now .
tr	O	他的手指摸到了另一个夹子，并且他小心翼翼地把它拉出来。
tr	O	麦克布莱德不会说俄语，但是他自动立正了，恰好与其他人同时。
tr	O	女孩的脸变得苍白，并且大个子男人的肩膀应声垮了下来。
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't stay here , but I didn 't know what I was going to do .
tr	O	她在乔治城大学的艺术史课上见过其收藏的画作，但是她现在不知道它属于谁。
tr	O	两个人上了她旁边的车，并且两个人则在前面。
tr	I	He nodded once , and our eyes met .
tr	O	他盯着他买来的那些薄窗帘，并且还盯着后面的廉价白色窗纱。
tr	I	I don 't care to know , and I 've no idea where it is .
tr	I	Snowflakes began falling , and the wind was becoming colder .
tr	O	他们在打一场必输的仗，并且他们知道这一点。
tr	I	We came to an abrupt stop and the car slowed down .
tr	O	玛丽昂不知道这件事，但是我的儿子把我赶出了这块地。
tr	I	It 's a public place , but he wants to embrace her on the spot .
tr	O	流浪者们移动得不快，但是我我知道他们现在肯定就在我们头顶上。
tr	O	她抓住了他的手，并且当他把他们的手指交织在一起时，一股温暖的丝带流过她的全身。
tr	O	它朝他们伸出，但是它的斜坡仍然太陡峭，无法攀爬。
tr	I	She snuggled closer , peacefully content as sleep once again claimed her , and he dropped a kiss against her brow .
tr	I	My throat hurt too badly but I wanted to ask more .
tr	I	There 's Everything , but there 's Nothing .
tr	O	我认为他和他的朋友们正试图抢劫这家商店。
tr	O	我闭上了眼睛，并且她抱得我更紧了。
tr	O	她知道那将是她的最后一杀，但是她仍然会高举着刀死去。
tr	O	他们可以用肉质面具遮盖自己，以显得像人类，但是我已看到面具下面是什么了。
tr	O	正面攻击是自杀式的，但是我们怎么才能潜入呢？
tr	O	她发出一声嚎叫，并且她的身体紧紧地贴在我身上。
tr	I	I didn 't know if I was ready to do that , and you had to devote your life to it .
tr	I	What was happening at The Conduit and his mind was focused on Stewart .
tr	O	某种东西将他固定在原地，直立着，并且她知道那不是他的肌肉。
tr	O	他暴怒的妻子走进了房间，并且她立刻开始责骂他。
tr	I	Jane found herself unable to deny it and he explained how he knew of her link to the new member .
tr	I	He didn 't answer , but I asked quietly .
tr	I	David brushed away her concerns but Sarah felt guilty every time she pulled a can out of one of those boxes .
tr	O	淡粉色的口红丰润了她的双唇，使它们看起来不仅仅是诱人亲吻，并且随着她靠得更近，他的心跳也加快了。
tr	O	她拥有一切，并且我一无所有。
tr	O	费利克斯已经站着了，但是他眯着的眼睛表明他对黎明时分起床的热情，和我一样少。
tr	O	截至目前，她一直设法控制住自己的脾气，但是这变得一天比一天难了。
tr	O	达拉斯想到了飞往以色列的漫长旅程，但是因为他太累了，所以他睡了大部分的路程。
tr	O	她是对的，但是吉尔里不打算让她知道这一点。
tr	I	He recently ascended the throne after his father passed , and I 've done business with him for years .
tr	O	布里克现在转向她，并且他的脸上露出了他每当觉得有东西可以教她时，总会有的那种表情。
tr	O	索伦庄严地点着头，似乎在思考他的话，但是没有人被愚弄。
tr	I	He held it off , but nausea ebbed toward him .
tr	O	老师们都很好，而且孩子们都很好。
tr	O	起初巴斯特坐在后面，而莎拉坐在乘客座位上，并且当然，杰里米坐在驾驶座上。
tr	I	He did , and she was more than willing to let him practice .
tr	I	I don 't want him to be all alone , but he goes for the door .
tr	O	她的父亲把她推进后座，并且她的头重重地撞到了对面的车窗。
tr	I	If she was loyal , she 'd never be able to prove her innocence , and if she proved her innocence , she was disloyal .
tr	O	他今天看起来特别露出牙齿，并且因为有些牙齿之间有血，所以效果并不令人安心。
tr	I	Eve distracted him by clutching his arm , but Noah would 've pointed out that she 'd only been married a short time .
tr	O	列表上的下一家旅馆也没有好多少，但是他们只在那里住一晚，可能两晚。
tr	O	这一脚踢中格特右耳上方，几乎将那人甩到街上。
tr	O	你可能甚至不知道什么是电围栏，而且我想你最好不要亲身发现。
tr	I	His eyes gleamed with doubt , and his brows winged up .
tr	O	是的，安娜贝尔带着所有新吸血鬼醒来时同样的强烈饥饿感醒来，但是她没有去找人类。
tr	I	No scandal he knew of attached itself to her name , but yes , he would admit she had a wild streak .
tr	I	I could see the fear seeping through some , but they were all trying to maintain calm expressions .
tr	O	汤匙碰到了我的嘴唇，并且我吸下了人血。
tr	O	他的思想不安，身体紧张，但是他不想回家。
tr	I	He 'll come crawling back to me , and one day Ares will get over himself .
tr	O	如果他身体健康，那会是一件简单的事情，但是他只有一只手臂。
tr	I	My vision was so blurry I could hardly see anything , and my head ached like someone had it in a vise .
tr	O	其中一些他本可以通过官方渠道找到，但是那会花费数天而非数小时。
tr	I	I saw nothing but I turned on the lamp .
tr	I	She felt how aroused he was and he rocked his h * ps .
tr	I	I couldn 't be sure , but I thought Lia was joking .
tr	I	One of her sisters had dabbled in a guilty human pleasure that was forbidden among her kind ... sex and Bonnie had left her clan because she .
tr	I	Emma sensed the struggle inside him and Dimitri laid his head on her shoulder .
tr	I	Nadia stopped him , but Emmanuel reached for his wine flask .
tr	I	I couldn 't put my finger on it , but there was something vaguely wrong with this picture .
tr	O	内特坐在我旁边，并且我母亲坐在瑞克旁边。
tr	I	I owed you so much , and not after you saved Miranda .
tr	O	她没有受到太多严重的副作用影响，但是我们也没有学会在我们之间设置障碍。
tr	I	He was going to give it all he had , but too much had happened .
tr	I	He gave the man a coin , but the General bristled at being called a boy .
tr	O	我是一个宽容的人，但是我不会容忍颠覆行为。
tr	I	I knew he would hear the terror in my cracking voice , and if he was trying to freak me out , he succeeded .
tr	O	他醒来时感到迷失方向，但是他那天会很坚强。
tr	O	特拉完全站稳后将他抱入怀中，并且当他的手臂环抱住她时，她带着一丝叹息笑了。
tr	I	It took them nearly an hour to wind down , and they were wired from playing with Karen 's children .
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her , and she looked at me dubiously .
tr	O	她的下巴差点掉下来，但是她知道不应该在外人面前盯着看。
tr	I	She 'd grown quiet , but she wasn 't complaining .
tr	O	女性反复无常，并且她们打得很脏。
tr	I	He wouldn 't let her but she tried to look away .
tr	O	他乌黑的卷发松散地垂着，而且他的脸刮得很干净。
tr	I	She was day and he was night .
tr	O	弗兰克正在喝他的第二杯啤酒，而且库尔斯啤酒已经被老密尔沃基啤酒取代了。
tr	O	他们陷入了自童年起就熟悉的轻松而戏谑的玩笑中，但是托马斯能感觉到朋友的不安。
tr	O	一层薄薄的灰尘覆盖着地板，并且天花板的角落里挂着蜘蛛网。
tr	O	她伸出双臂，并且他爬上床，跪在梅洛迪的双腿之间。
tr	I	You have nothing left there , but I went to Olympia first .
tr	O	我们的头猛地抬起来，但是那只是斯特拉，她从大楼里出来，手里拿着三个袋子。
tr	I	His teeth were chattering uncontrollably , but he tried to bite the suit , to pull himself up with his teeth .
tr	O	她背部的肌肉绷紧了，并且他的手在她皮肤上静止不动。
tr	I	She caught a glimpse of Jack and a shout came from the dock .
tr	O	我们都试图向对方隐瞒真相，但是谎言适得其反，比我们任何一方预见的都要糟糕。
tr	O	萨曼莎默默地把鞋递给邦妮，并且邦妮又把它们穿上了。
tr	I	His eyes were blazing with frustration , and Cedric wore a bandage .
tr	O	大部分都有轮子，所以那很容易，但是那个老橡木餐具柜有点难办。
tr	O	还没有人注意我，并且这正是我们团队想要的方式。
tr	I	My mom turned to me with a questioning look on her face , and my parents watched her walk away .
tr	I	Likewise , she knew everything about me , and I knew everything about Becky .
tr	I	I have no idea who she is , but apparently we 're old friends .
tr	O	外面的人正在输掉这场战斗，并且凯西绝不会让那种事情发生。
tr	I	No sound came out but he opened his mouth as if to scream .
tr	O	在詹姆斯动手术之前我做了很多研究，但是我对这个决定没有任何发言权。
tr	I	It made his protective instincts roar to life , and she was helpless like this .
tr	I	It would certainly annoy the senator , but that might solve one problem for her .
tr	I	His smile showed approval of my bikini , but his aviator sunglasses hid his dark eyes .
tr	I	His eyes found mine , burning me where I stood , and I turned back to look at him .
tr	I	You sure got one , and you wanted an adventure when you left for Kentucky .
tr	I	She slowly sat back down and Riley motioned for her to stop .
tr	O	骷髅帮的一切都为了家人，并且正是因为那个家庭，弗雷德里克才得以如愿以偿。
tr	I	The Elders encourage it because it shows our superiority , but only the unsophisticated believe it .
tr	I	It was never meant for more , but I liked him , yeah .
tr	O	弗朗西斯卡的心脏狂跳不止，并且她深吸一口气来让自己平静下来。
tr	O	他的嘴微微张开，并且他看起来有点困惑。
tr	O	塔比莎的所有踪迹都消失了，而且汉娜能如此清晰地看到阿里，以至于她感到心痛。
tr	I	I hated the thought of killing humans , and there would definitely be fighting in town .
tr	O	威尔俯身越过她把马克杯放到桌上，并且他的肩膀擦到了她的。
tr	I	They were digging , but he said his sources knew little .
tr	O	罗南不如德尼，并且他敢于对抗迪伦。
tr	O	要压制你的对手，你需要一把锤子，并且杰斯是比那精巧得多的武器。
tr	O	他很久没有游泳了，并且他想不出还有谁是他更愿意一起做这件事的。
tr	O	他们对自己的生命没有恐惧，但是他们热切期待着一项新的事件，能让他们越过熔岩到达安全之地。
tr	I	He spoke so low it was hard to place , but it was achingly familiar .
tr	I	That was pretty much all Devon could see of her , and the woman 's leg was hitched around the guy 's waist .
tr	O	她停顿了一下，并且她的眼睛眯了起来。
tr	I	We would be trapped and everyone would be out in less than two minutes .
tr	I	Unfortunately , sometimes it wasn 't , but sometimes it was .
tr	I	He stared at her as if she was a miracle of time , and the only person Peter had ever seen do that was his mother .
tr	O	他的眼睛垂下，并且当他再次抬起眼睛时，它们变得完全脆弱。
tr	O	骑车人没有躲闪，并且朱利安给了他下巴一个重击，让他向后踉跄。
tr	O	他轻声说，并且我把目光移开。
tr	I	He began to pace , and the cheerful expression he 'd worn for the past hour slipped .
tr	O	我跪了下来，随着最后一堆泥土掩盖了吸血鬼的哭声，并且大卫来到我面前蹲下。
tr	O	我身上没有优雅，也没有完美，但是凯德的眼中却有。
tr	I	The door open without me even touching it and with a soft click the knob turned .
tr	I	He sure does get things done fast , and that guy is a bundle of energy .
tr	I	You have proven you have no place in it , and this is their world now .
tr	I	Everyone exited , and other doors opened .
tr	I	Soon Rome returned to normal and --------- The weeks went by .
tr	I	He could make her give in , but she might think she was scared of him .
tr	O	我张开嘴想问他们在哪里，他们怎么样，我能否见到他们，但是他的脸打断了我的问题。
tr	I	It snows , a lot and it 's cold .
tr	I	I could feel the pressure building , but I was starting off low .
tr	O	露娜一直把手放在塞巴斯蒂安的腿上，但是我很清楚她正在盯着亚历山大。
tr	I	My jaw drops and I turn .
tr	O	我凝视着沙滩，并且在波浪的运动中，我听到了我妹妹的笑声。
tr	O	我用尽全力想从那两个家伙身边挣脱，但是他们却不肯放开我。
tr	I	He mistook her intentions , but when he had his little fit of hilarity she tried to reach out to mend those weaves .
tr	O	她胸口那空虚的疼痛变得几乎无法忍受，并且她抬起一只手护住她的心。
tr	O	她高兴地对狗说，并且豆豆又叫了起来。
tr	I	He doesn 't seem to have been in the mood to linger over the deaths , and he had 51 to dispatch , after all .
tr	O	我知道他的外表只是一个伪装，而且一只千足虫恶魔就住在壳下面。
tr	O	我们的思想放松了，并且我们专注于我们交缠在一起的身体。
tr	I	I studied every expression , memorizing what notes made her happiest and that 's how attuned to her I 'd become in those few hours .
tr	I	I 'd have given whoever brought it a free show or good thing I 'd closed the door .
tr	I	She didn 't see anyone , but frightened , Mia looked around .
tr	I	It was still an acceptable trade but it was going to cost them a bit more .
tr	O	门铃响了，并且他们分开了。
tr	I	A faint bruise in the shape of a hand remained on her face and tears were running down her face .
tr	O	她因恐惧而退缩，并且她的红眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	She was happy for him and it 'd been a good time in her own marriage .
tr	O	我当时对他一无所知，不像我现在这样，但是我会说，我可能还是会那样做。
tr	O	我不想玩这个游戏，但是现在退出为时已晚。
tr	O	我环顾四周，想找个武器，因为我拳头不中用，但是霍纳抢先了一步。
tr	O	感觉他离开那里已经好几周了，但是实际上他离开只是那天早上。
tr	O	每个人都含糊地道早安，好像一切都很好，并且我也稍微放松了下来。
tr	I	The man held him firmly but Jared tried to pull away .
tr	O	钱斯的手臂紧紧地抱住我，并且我没有试图挣脱。
tr	I	That 's a shame ; and he 's probably correct on both accounts .
tr	O	乔什毁了她的一生，而且她却仍然忍不住钦佩他。
tr	I	It had , but he didn 't know when it happened .
tr	I	A slight grin lifted his lips upward , and he could see as her pupils constricted .
tr	O	监视者可能不知道你们的身份，但是他们知道你们在这里。
tr	I	Before she could , the door jerked open , but she lifted her hand to knock one more time .
tr	O	麦克布莱德指着码头，那里行人相当多，并且他能看到改建的仓库现在变成了热闹的餐馆。
tr	I	I watched her as if she were about to grow a second head , and her change in mood continued to baffle me .
tr	O	他拿着放低的刀向我冲来，并且就在刀刃要刺中我时，我向旁边躲开了。
tr	I	I let out a whimper , which always gets him excited and we both moan .
tr	I	Her gaze had shifted upwards toward the sky , but Clare asked , still looking out the window .
tr	O	当她走到德克尔身边时，她的身体停了下来，并且她的手抬了起来。
tr	O	我向前倾斜身体，并且我们俩都跪了下来。
tr	I	She took him inside , tangling her tongue with his , and he kissed her .
tr	I	Many things were comically slow , and nothing was terribly fast now .
tr	I	My throat grew tight and as I presented myself in the hall my heart beat fast .
tr	I	He obviously had , but somehow , it was hard to picture Jason getting so plastered that he 'd married her .
tr	O	身体虐待可能最明显，但是情感虐待往往造成更大的伤害。
tr	I	Still she fretted that Sebastian would return , and long moments of silence passed .
tr	I	She could taste the blood trickling into her mouth , and Julie cried out in pain .
tr	I	I grimaced , and he shot me a look .
tr	O	它有点紧，但是它奏效了。
tr	I	We leave early tomorrow and I must rest now as it is late .
tr	I	They clung to each other and he held her close afterward .
tr	O	她翻了个白眼，但是我能看到她脸上羞涩的笑容。
tr	I	Else these aren 't our footprints , or it 's happened since we passed .
tr	I	There was a crushing weigh on my chest , so it came out as nothing more than a breath , but I tried to laugh .
tr	O	孩子的嘴巴张着，并且我能看到食尸鬼恶心的血液粘在特里的牙齿上。
tr	O	至少早上房间会保留一些热量，并且火会更容易重新点燃。
tr	O	托马斯卧室的门锁着，并且当医生叫他开门时，他没有回应。
tr	O	他能感觉到莎伊正在渐渐远去，但是她的气味仍然浓烈地弥漫在空气中。
tr	O	你会伤害自己，耗尽精力，并且最终我反正会赢。
tr	O	我不应该按照他的要求做，但是这快把我逼疯了。
tr	O	罗姆去等他的母亲了，但是他并没有像丹妮拉指示的那样放松。
tr	O	现在在那里的女孩就是昨天招待我的那个，并且她周二晚上也在那里。
tr	I	Monica turned her face to look up at me , and they had reached the bottom of the stairs .
tr	O	我对人性的信心不比你多，但是有些人比另一些人好。
tr	O	这花了我两天时间，但是我还是打了那个电话。
tr	O	大卫的呼吸拂过她的后颈，他对着她的耳朵低语，并且他的手臂从后面环住了她。
tr	I	The lack of sleep left me irritated , and Guilt fol owed me everywhere I went .
tr	I	He was not about to argue , but it all seemed strange to him .
tr	O	我仍然不是很确定，但是我没有告诉他这一点。
tr	I	She wanted to see his reaction but she was going out on a limb .
tr	O	我问，而且他把头转开——好像他为此感到难过，不管是什么原因。
tr	O	也许他会在晚些时候死于坏疽，但是在我看来，他是咎由自取。
tr	I	He has these really shiny shoes on and his hair is combed to the side .
tr	O	我的额头很烫，并且我的头剧烈跳痛。
tr	I	She led us straight to Amanda , and I followed her up the stairs .
tr	O	我试图猛地把手臂抽出来，但是他仍然抓着不放。
tr	O	她的心跳开始加快，并且她咳进手掌心。
tr	I	He crashed on the bed empty handed , and I teleported away at the last second .
tr	I	I heard a harsh gasp behind me as I lined myself up over his stiff length , but he didn 't respond .
tr	O	火现在已经完全熄灭了，而且她的脸被黑暗吞噬。
tr	O	他张开嘴想说什么，但是她阻止了他。
tr	I	It was a dinosaur nuzzling me but it tried to nuzzle me .
tr	I	Zeus could hear her , but Gaia spoke softly .
tr	I	I cringed , turning into my pillows and * * * Something tickled my face .
tr	O	他只有一次机会能为她弥补过错，并且他打算抓住它。
tr	O	苔丝确实是一个奇迹：平静、聪明、坚定，而且更重要的是，她是惠特曼见过最美丽的女人。
tr	O	莱利的语调听起来不确定，并且我生她的气。
tr	O	我住在一个狭窄的死胡同里，并且在这里停车一直是个挑战。
tr	O	戴恩的眼睛闪烁着红色的火焰，并且他迅速把手放在了李的肩膀上。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我相信他会叫我的名字。
tr	O	她尖叫着他的名字，但是没有回应。
tr	I	They were in the restricted area , and one set remained to be inspected .
tr	I	Elaina stepped smoothly out of his arms , and a nameless recruit peeked through the door .
tr	O	我能让你的生活很轻松，或者我能让它很不安逸。
tr	I	I 'd say we are close , but the shadows have not fallen yet .
tr	O	桌子铺着白色的桌布，但是上面还没有摆放任何东西。
tr	I	All at once a clock struck from somewhere in the house , but Voss wasn 't certain how long he stood looking down at her .
tr	O	海军生活已经融入史蒂夫的血液，而且她不知道他是否能在唯一熟悉的职业之外找到幸福。
tr	O	拿上那个，再加一次跨大西洋飞行，而且你就会明白西蒙身上发生了什么。
tr	I	Then it burst open , and before he could finish his sentence , there was an urgent knocking on the door .
tr	I	When he was home , it was lovely , but Olivia hated having him gone such long hours .
tr	O	达米安开始越过桌子去掐她，但是我把手放在他的手臂上阻止了他。
tr	I	Gabriel 's wards sent warnings to him minutes before they trotted close , and it was unusual to see men off the road .
tr	I	The pieces fit , but her brain was moving slowly .
tr	O	她似乎退缩了，并且他把它拉开了。
tr	I	I broke its spider 's back with one of my branches and we came down on the monster .
tr	I	She despaired over continuing any kind of relationship with him and it said nothing positive to her .
tr	O	我不知道为什么此时我还在乎，但是，该死，我仍然还有一丝虚荣心。
tr	O	混凝土门廊旁边长着几簇散乱的芦苇状植物，而且多莉已经拔掉了一点点。
tr	I	I 've never hit on a woman when I wasn 't drunk , and I even felt it .
tr	I	Both of her parents died two years ago and she was an only child .
tr	O	艾什莉告诉我他们对我撒了谎，并且也许这台电脑掌握着证据。
tr	O	他不会杀死那个小伙子，并且那个小伙子会为他工作。
tr	I	Something told me he 'd expect me to react that way , but Heart pounding , my first instinct was to push him away .
tr	O	你已经和他们分开好几周了，为温克勒先生工作，并且然后我们以为你死了。
tr	O	他本可以指出那些事情的，然而他没有。
tr	O	希姆看起来很吃惊，但是然后他笑了。
tr	O	当他完成时，服务员离开了，并且他把目光转向了我。
tr	O	也许我问的时候在抱怨，但是我我觉得我有权提出某种形式的抱怨。
tr	O	她试了，但是什么也没发生。
tr	I	She made another note to give it some attention and her thoughts drifted on to how much she 'd neglected it since selling her iPad .
tr	I	They 'd never included this detail , but he 'd watched the papers online .
tr	O	她跑着，并且眼泪在她的眼皮下聚积着。
tr	O	他瞥了一眼阿芙洛狄忒，但是她的眼睛低垂着。
tr	O	他总是过于相信别人，并且他总是相信他们告诉他的一切。
tr	I	It 's the most bearable part of life and I 've felt a lot of it over the last few years .
tr	O	她如此绝美，然而她带着一把杀手的武器。
tr	O	那个女人在那方面胜过我，但是她不为此忧虑。
tr	I	I feel like I 'm going to combust and a need is building low in my stomach .
tr	O	他以为他赢回了她，并且他差点就做到了。
tr	I	Marking time until he had to move again , and travel weary , she thought .
tr	O	这里有三个部落群体，并且他们每五年召开一次全体会议。
tr	O	他没想到他还能变得更坚硬，并且现在她更加迟疑了。
tr	O	我的眼睛接着睁开了，并且现实猛地涌了回来。
tr	I	He began to understand why they were feared so much and he could feel their power emanating already .
tr	O	前面排着一群人，而且从里面传出的音乐能一直传到路边。
tr	I	He 's stable , but he 's in ICU .
tr	O	她把门开着，并且我从她身边经过。
tr	O	他显然以为我的午餐是和亚历克斯一起的，并且我决定不去纠正他的假设。
tr	O	可能存在某种完美的母性回应，但是她根本不知道那是什么。
tr	O	卡罗琳在学校里学过产后抑郁症，并且这位女士没有这些症状。
tr	I	Magnus had never wanted to be so weak ever again , and that had been long ago in a country far away .
tr	I	He didn 't talk around issues and he didn 't offer false hope .
tr	O	她不被允许旁听任何一次实际的录取过程，但是她事后处理了造成的损失。
tr	I	The memories she shared were mostly from their childhood , but Aunt Judith talked with Elena about her mother sometimes .
tr	I	The angled seating made that effort challenging , but I tried not to look at Kennedy .
tr	I	There was something to consider but he might be a prince .
tr	I	She would , but I didn 't know if she realized what was between us yet .
tr	I	Her forehead crinkled , and when I was finished , Cassandra bit her lip .
tr	I	I felt them like sweet rain on my dry soul and Bo 's eyes met mine from across the colorless space .
tr	O	关于本的记忆汹涌而至，但是我把它们推开，优先处理更紧急的事情。
tr	O	我知道他紧接着会打开那罐番茄酱，并且再次，我没有被证明是错的。
tr	O	他本可以整晚都待着，但是布兰达把她的车钥匙递给了他。
tr	I	The whole eye turns red and overtime it travels inward to the center .
tr	O	他给了我一个奇怪的眼神，让我觉得自己矮了三寸，并且没费心回答我，他转回去继续寻找。
tr	I	Ethan had taken care of her throughout the whole ordeal , and his dad had basically bailed when Mrs. Landry got cancer .
tr	I	He didn 't even notice but his wet gray hair was dripping water on his shoulders .
tr	I	I hoped so , but I didn 't know if tonight 's victory would improve his emotional state .
tr	O	当他感到放纵时，他会重复给她听，并且她会把这个声音当作归巢信标。
tr	O	她的眼睛闪闪发光，并且她呼吸困难。
tr	O	这让我有点紧张，但是我应付得了。
tr	I	Yu froze in his pacing , and his wife stopped her response .
tr	O	我们本应在傍晚启航，但是还有准备工作要做。
tr	I	Camden supressed a smile as I stepped out from behind the couch and I pulled up my pants .
tr	I	He won 't look at me otherwise , yet I wonder why he helped me last night .
tr	O	她可能利用了你，但是她没有和任何人在一起。
tr	O	他本可以试图扼杀我，但是他没有。
tr	O	他的眼睛因完全的惊讶而睁大，但是他迅速地用一个典型的街头小混混的自动否认来掩饰。
tr	I	Jacob beat him to it , but Seth opened his mouth to speak .
tr	I	The structure was stunning but it was falling down around the edges .
tr	O	我知道杰克不喜欢我独自和贾斯汀在一起，但是我觉得最好能消除我们之间的紧张关系。
tr	O	我坚定地看了他一眼，并且他笑了。
tr	O	丹妮开始抗议，但是达伦继续说话。
tr	I	I guess I couldn 't blame him , and he just seemed to need to be dressed .
tr	I	She gave it away , releasing it to the waiting void , and she held the capacity to become a deity in her hands .
tr	I	She didn 't turn around , but her muscles tightened as she became aware of him .
tr	I	He looks to be enjoying it and she is draped over his arm .
tr	I	This time you 're going to have to , but I know you hate doing anything I say .
tr	I	It wouldn 't do her much good anyway , as he 'd most likely follow her but she really wanted to storm out the doors .
tr	O	骑士们畏缩了，举起手臂保护他们的脸，并且艾什冲入他们之中。
tr	I	Murder was a sin , and he understood the concept of sin .
tr	O	它刻有日本汉字，并且这些字镶嵌着金子。
tr	I	We walk inside the building and I 'm stuck in my own head as the line moves forward .
tr	I	It seemed to her nonsensical , yet she accepted what the Director had said .
tr	O	野兽的嘴紧闭，并且我被推入隧道。
tr	O	如果我不是更了解情况，我会替辛西娅感到难过，但是我我知道她更喜欢远离那些无聊的事。
tr	I	I fell in to step with him , and Riley started for the door .
tr	O	她已经在他们之间制造了足够的距离，并且因此，一丝微笑爬上了她的嘴角。
tr	I	She was alone , but Diane was smiling .
tr	I	Her bed was empty and the curtain was open .
tr	I	Then he 'd kill her , and he just needed to close her shirt .
tr	O	他茫然地看了我一会儿，并且我屏住呼吸，注视着他的表情。
tr	I	Yes , I meant myself too , and Kilmer did birth some weird ones .
tr	I	He grimaced , and I stared at him in alarm .
tr	O	龙骨现在都已就位，但是到处都是木屑。
tr	O	既然内特已经听过了，他并不感到惊讶，但是桌上另外两个人看起来有点震惊。
tr	I	I 'm too incoherent to release my hold , but I end up pulling on his hair roughly .
tr	I	My name across her back stood out clearly and Sawyer 's jet black hair was pulled back into a neat ponytail .
tr	O	它推回我的力量，直到只剩下灼烧感蔓延全身。
tr	I	I welcomed it , but the switch of topics was jarring .
tr	O	荷兰人发出了求救信号，并且布拉德回应了求救。
tr	O	也许这很恐怖，但是我必须知道。
tr	I	Lacy 's heart began to flutter in nervous anticipation , and there was another knock on the door .
tr	O	我确信宫廷医生会让她康复，但是我需要她住在这里。
tr	O	我原以为她主要是个骗子，但是现在看来她对做小偷更认真。
tr	I	Emma started measuring the angles in her mind as well and both of them nodded .
tr	O	世界上有太多仇恨，并且他们正在如此努力地对抗它。
tr	I	Her co-workers seemed to be avoiding her , but Janie wasn 't sure whether it was her imagination .
tr	I	No one ever uses it ... and it 's locked ... maybe .
tr	I	Then they 'd learned that he 'd carried false identification , but Bad enough that the man had died in their home .
tr	I	When she stopped to talk he shared his observation with her and Debbie had just come down after putting young Toby to bed .
tr	O	我的手指紧张地抚摸着步枪的扳机，但是我明白最好忍住。
tr	I	I have some great news for you and my name is Jason Richards .
tr	O	人群沸腾了，并且我的迷雾消散了。
tr	O	我怕吵醒他，并且他显然需要休息。
tr	O	我们有食物，并且我们有水。
tr	I	The foot in the air was bouncing like mad while we waited through a commercial break , and I had one leg crossed .
tr	O	可怜她吧，但是情况很复杂。
tr	O	我那时差点就离开了，但是 我太害怕引起那些斗篷人的注意。
tr	I	My legs were shaking , and my body was numb .
tr	O	当他做完时，他把手穿过她的头发，并且 罗娜发出了一声深长的叹息。
tr	O	甚至那样说都让我感到痛苦，但是 我点了点头。
tr	O	丝肯差点翻了个白眼，但是 这一次她克制住了自己。
tr	O	当我醒来时，我的头在奶奶的腿上，但是 她毫不在意。
tr	O	他的手原来藏在背后，但是 他把它伸到前面来，递给她一束薰衣草玫瑰。
tr	I	Her hands remained on its cool surface , but she placed his claw back onto the table .
tr	I	He started back into the night , and Ethan was dumping another box of crackers into a trash bag .
tr	O	他的手轻柔地贴合着她乳房的曲线，并且 她抵着他的唇喘息着。
tr	O	甚至可能是最明智的做法，但是 另一边的树林里可能还藏着更多的人。
tr	I	She heard him scream as he tried to keep his hands around his gun , and Matt slashed at Ethan .
tr	I	She could avoid a human so very easily , and the light only came at the call of a human .
tr	O	我爱你，并且你爱我。
tr	I	Jane took his shoulder , but John raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	他们的婚姻会成功，并且会很美满。
tr	I	Tonight we will celebrate Gabriel 's achievement , and I had a cask of cider opened .
tr	I	He slipped it out of his pocket to answer it and his phone rang at that moment .
tr	O	它踢到了马特的腿，并且他微微呻吟。
tr	O	我在工作中一直避免它，并且我现在绝对可以做到。
tr	I	A low growl began in my chest and pressing her soft chest against mine caused a shiver to run through me .
tr	I	A roaring sounded in his ears and his palms became slick with sweat .
tr	I	The door was locked , and there was a window with bars over it .
tr	O	太郎意识到他还没有在那个女人面前说一句完整的话，但是他觉得她令人生畏。
tr	I	My lips parted to accommodate faster breaths and my pulse quickened .
tr	O	他的意图是好的，但是方法错得离谱。
tr	O	门闩最终松开了，并且他打开了门。
tr	I	Beorn 's head cleared , and Anger boiled over into steaming words .
tr	O	他想为她的额头拿一块冷敷布，但是他不敢离开她。
tr	O	我工作时间非常长，并且我不太常在家。
tr	O	我说不清是为什么，但是它让我感到害怕。
tr	I	She nodded and he asked .
tr	O	它们不像今天早上那么明亮，但是他坐得越久，脸上的阴影似乎就越少。
tr	I	I swallowed them back , and tears threatened my eyes .
tr	O	一声叹息在他的肺腑间颤抖，并且他闭上眼睛，那天第一次感到满足。
tr	O	他请求尽可能少的人知道他们要来，并且她同意了。
tr	O	他崩解入土，将自己埋入石头中，并且很快地，那生物就几乎没有留下任何痕迹。
tr	I	She knew they had to be hurting him , and Angry claw marks glared at her .
tr	I	She was surprised to discover she remembered the names and something about the movements snagged at Claire 's memory .
tr	O	我原以为你会畏缩在你父亲的墓穴下，而不是躲藏在里面，但是也许这样也好。
tr	O	她是个好女孩，比我大两岁，但是有时候相比之下我觉得自己很老。
tr	I	I figured he was wondering about Ana and his eyes wandered back toward the cave .
tr	O	我对他们对她表现出的尊重感到惊讶，并且我不知道露娜是否知道。
tr	O	确实，她让那些人类相信这也是他们的领土，但是实际上这一切都属于她。
tr	I	Her boyfriend had cheated on her , and her best friend had betrayed her .
tr	O	悔恨随着他们的释放而消逝了，并且他的心终于感到了彻底摆脱了它最后的折磨。
tr	O	我想知道在他们生命的最后时刻他们是否改变了主意，但是却没有巨石可以抓住。
tr	I	I was safely tucked in Tallis 's arms , and I didn 't feel threatened .
tr	I	His boot remained on the handle behind me , but all I could see were the stars above him .
tr	O	我不确定他为什么看起来如此困惑，但是我确实知道我想避免被拘留。
tr	I	Now I felt nauseous and my appetite was gone .
tr	O	我试图吞咽，但是感觉喉咙里有一团棉球。
tr	O	我们没有去散步，而是又在客厅里度过了时光，但是他在此期间一直没有回应。
tr	O	爆炸至少消灭了他们一半的人，并且剩下的人在枪林弹雨下迅速倒下。
tr	I	Before she knew it , the interview was over , and this took several more minutes .
tr	O	我无处可去，莉莉，并且我那么爱你。
tr	O	我们试图通过把盖子盖下来解决那个问题，但是他很快就学会了用鼻子把它掀起来。
tr	O	它会很快，并且它会很残酷。
tr	O	蕾妮过来帮我，但是我把她推开了。
tr	I	He clenched his teeth together , his jaw going achingly tight as he fought his release and she stirred restlessly underneath him .
tr	I	His face was so serious that it made me wonder if the boyish smile had just been my imagination and he glanced back at me .
tr	O	一声微弱的呻吟从她喉咙里震颤而出，并且伊丽莎白顺从了。
tr	I	We 're not sure we can do that in good conscience , and a faculty member would have to write you a letter of recommendation .
tr	I	Chewy no longer looked so downtrodden , but she turned back to Chewy with a worried face .
tr	O	这是一个巨大的风险，而且我能从他们紧绷、空白的表情中看到恐惧。
tr	O	他不能回到她身边，并且他不能去找丹尼。
tr	I	I can 't bring myself to look at him but I can feel his stare .
tr	I	She hadn 't thought the ramifications could be this dire until she 'd seen his expression just now , but of course she 'd noticed .
tr	O	我伸出手，并且我们握手达成了一致。
tr	O	驳船已经从他们上方驶过，并且索尔仍然能听到螺旋桨的声音，因为它渐渐消失在远处。
tr	O	他发怒时，情绪是不会被左右的，并且我害怕与他对抗。
tr	O	我想要他，但是我不能拥有他。
tr	I	You know he can 't refuse Robert the least thing but I 'm sure your father wouldn 't have them otherwise .
tr	O	他本会很乐意永远这样下去，但是现实生活却闯了进来。
tr	I	He was praying for the boy and my father had his left hand between the boy 's legs .
tr	I	I was frazzled , but I tried to pay attention to the road .
tr	I	This one swiped Canute across the side , and he made another lunge with his weapon .
tr	O	马特一直带着温暖的微笑看着阿丽莎，但是她却只是把目光移开。
tr	O	他模仿着把什么东西推开，并且水位下降了大约一半。
tr	O	我抬头，并且我们的目光相遇。
tr	I	I could tell he was grasping for a way to talk me out of it , and I smiled darkly .
tr	I	Frustration soon turned to anger , and nothing seemed to work .
tr	O	她拉了拉伊兹的手臂，并且他们便一起开始走了。
tr	I	I could hear him breathing , but the young man continued saying nothing .
tr	I	Her sexual appetite was as insatiable as Tyler 's , and * * * Everything about Valerie was sensual .
tr	O	杰克的笑声很有感染力，并且她发现自己在他怀里，笑着回味她第一次骑马课的记忆。
tr	O	他所看到的什么都没告诉他，但是她的沉默告诉了他所有他需要知道的一切。
tr	I	Heavy rain beat on the cabin roof , but they may be in relative calm in the bay .
tr	I	The guilty look in her eyes makes my heart stop , and she hangs her head low .
tr	O	我看着枪管抬起，并且一个消音的子弹穿透了他的额头。
tr	O	炸弹在四周爆炸，并且飞机不断地向他们射击。
tr	O	她屏住呼吸一瞬，当她亲密地触摸他时，并且乔纳斯呻吟了一声。
tr	I	He fell silent , and she held out a hand without looking at him .
tr	O	那个混蛋德韦恩做了什么事，并且这让艾比感到恶心。
tr	O	她走进房间，并且第二个人迅速站了起来。
tr	O	这发生是因为，我们有相似的意识，并且它们已经合并了。
tr	I	I jump at the sound and his phone starts to ring .
tr	O	他的话语慢慢地从他嘴里说出，而且我知道他说的是真心话。
tr	I	I pushed him back , frowning and he leaned in like he was going to kiss my neck .
tr	I	She had startling green eyes , and her long red hair was pulled to the side .
tr	I	She didn 't lean against him as much as before but she didn 't release her grip on Hal 's arm .
tr	O	她太快了，而且我最终却钩住了她的腰。
tr	I	I closed my eyes quickly and I saw him peak around the room .
tr	O	奈尔家的门猛地打开，而且里德看向隔壁。
tr	I	I wasn 't much of a drinker , but personally , I didn 't understand the appeal .
tr	I	I saw a frown start to wrinkle her brows , and Anne was sitting close enough to hear us both .
tr	I	She closed her eyes to savor it and a real , cool breeze wafted inside .
tr	O	我原以为她早些时候已经得到了一个纯粹的，但是当她离开时，我立刻想让她回来。
tr	O	我看着他紧紧地抱着米兰达，她在他说话时在他怀里轻轻哭泣。
tr	O	他的眼睛扫视着我的全身，而且我身体的每一寸似乎都在让他兴奋。
tr	I	June insisted , but Dillon said .
tr	I	His free hand slid up her leg , and his fingers flexed on her jaw .
tr	O	她的身体开始放松，而且紧张感离开了她的肩膀。
tr	I	She smiled back , and when she got to the door , a few pretty girls said hello to her .
tr	O	她用另一只手伸向他，但是他们的冲力使他们分开了。
tr	O	也许这是一种吸引我注意的方式，但是对我来说这当然没有感觉是对的。
tr	I	So far they were cooperating , but the wolves were not happy .
tr	I	Alex could create so powerfully that his creations withstood the test of time , but the priests could create in the short-term .
tr	I	This only turned him on more but the woman was beginning to protest .
tr	I	She looked at it with perfect wariness , and she stared at the packet on her carpet where she had knocked it to .
tr	I	You try to measure for that extra beat , and she is hugging you hello .
tr	O	那个男人把上次的出价翻了三倍多，并且他没有费心举牌。
tr	I	I cannot shake the feeling of guilt growing inside of me , and thoughts of my former team haunt me as we walk .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it , but she felt the same way .
tr	I	Suddenly there were two on the loose and they had yet to locate the first gargoyle .
tr	I	His blue flannel shirt was rumpled , and there was gray in his hair .
tr	O	可怜的女孩心智受损严重，并且她无法将真正的食物与她妄想中的黑血区分开来。
tr	O	她的魔杖在她手中，并且她歇斯底里地笑着。
tr	O	我开始了，并且她叹了口气。
tr	I	Her heart stopped , and once the black spots had disappeared from her eyes , Zoey looked around .
tr	I	He resumed his seat and I saw Gilbert nodding .
tr	O	我在你看来一定像Racer，并且你在我看来像个怪物。
tr	I	Colt couldn 't move , but both of them were so ready for each other .
tr	O	穿过茂密的植被行进缓慢，但是TJ不介意。
tr	O	这不是他收到过的最巧妙的吻，但是它简单的甜蜜让他刻骨铭心。
tr	I	They left many varieties in the garden and the people who owned the house before me , loved roses .
tr	O	这是一个给傻子玩的游戏，而且显然是由魔鬼本人设计的。
tr	I	He reluctantly walked away , but Detective James was not satisfied .
tr	I	He did the same to her and she looked him over .
tr	I	Yar lek Thun didn 't get the reports he yearned for , and the Asturian archers with Brand 's force were waiting for them .
tr	O	它们只是谣言，而且关于炸弹爆炸的信息当然一直很少。
tr	O	没有疼痛，但是出了一些问题。
tr	O	冲击折断了石刃，并且刀尖滑到了我身后某个地方。
tr	I	The conflict was raging in the land of longer summers , but she is immortal , of course .
tr	O	蕾娜清了清嗓子，但是她的眼睛仍然紧闭着。
tr	I	I was the one who was trying to lie to myself , and even I didn 't believe that .
tr	O	她意识到有些女人觉得他油腔滑调的举止很吸引人，但是每次和他接触后，她总是感到肮脏。
tr	O	她躺回了病床上，并且我把床单给她盖好。
tr	O	在学校我花了很多时间与布丽埃尔在一起，并且放学后我花了很多时间与莉斯在一起。
tr	I	I realized that she was almost smiling , and Mrs. Bethany 's prim mouth relaxed slightly .
tr	I	It works , but Authoritarian some would call it .
tr	I	He struggled to restrain his emotions , and a surprised silence followed this outburst .
tr	O	茱莉开始说话，但是没有声音出来。
tr	I	I didn 't want to be rude but I wanted to ask him more questions .
tr	I	I knew I had to talk to him , too , but the last thing I wanted was to be alone with Conrad .
tr	I	This seemed different , but there were always stories about alien abduction .
tr	I	He halt our expansion at the southern border of Mexico , but fighting multiple fronts leads to defeat as we spread our resources too thinly .
tr	I	I was having trouble following exactly what they were saying , but they hadn 't answered why they didn 't attack immediately .
tr	I	Pressure seized her chest and her breath caught .
tr	I	When you stop serving it , you won 't be useful to me anymore , and you serve a purpose .
tr	O	肯的头往后仰，并且他对着天空咆哮。
tr	I	The way she saw it , things looked so damn bleak , but Phoebe tried to understand where Ginger was going with her trip down memory lane .
tr	I	He would always get free , but she would start out in charge , keeping him on edge while he was tied up .
tr	I	All of them were looking at her , and hundreds of vampires were still standing in the street .
tr	I	I didn 't exactly liking my new status , and it made me into a bit of a celebrity .
tr	I	My mind grew more troubled , but as I thought about feeding , my mouth watered in response .
tr	O	我们不知道这件事，直到风开始呼啸，并且我以为可能是你。
tr	O	她只是稍微动了一下，并且我的身体有了反应。
tr	I	For the first time in my life in front of a crowd , I 'm able to breathe , and I take a deep breath .
tr	I	The girl had taken it upon herself to settle the question of artifice , and Munro explained that the women were uncertain whether Ross painted her hair .
tr	O	我疯狂地点头，但是他已经转过身去。
tr	I	He flashed away before doing something he would forever regret , but his blood boiled .
tr	I	She suspected it came out as pitiful , but she meant it to be reassuring .
tr	I	He waved me over , and I peered around the corner .
tr	O	她不这么认为，但是她欣赏他乐观的想法。
tr	I	My stomach twisted uncomfortably at the thought of hitting Callum , and Training felt like a hundred years ago .
tr	O	罗莎在她能来的时候来看他，但是随着人类的生命快速流逝，她也变得更老了。
tr	O	我也想看它，但是我/然而我知道我的机会渺茫。
tr	O	我想指定他为我的继承人，但是他的凡人身份是个问题。
tr	O	我看到她开始向我游来，并且我慌了。
tr	I	I couldn 't respond , and Norma asked me if something was the matter .
tr	I	I could see it , but I couldn 't tell what it was .
tr	I	Her head tilted and her brows rose .
tr	I	He didn 't look at me for a few minutes , and he nodded as though I was telling a secret .
tr	I	Maybe that was what had been keeping her alive , but he felt guilty for keeping the truth from her .
tr	O	我很高兴我不用再假装了，然而我却害怕将部分真相托付给他。
tr	I	I took two wounds in quick succession , and my arms were tiring .
tr	I	She dragged herself closer to the water 's edge , and Beth saw Ben inching farther along the fraying rope bridge .
tr	O	她也很瘦，在艾德丽安看来有点太瘦了，但是艾德丽安已经学会了不对此发表评论。
tr	O	他虚弱地转过身，并且珍妮震惊了。
tr	I	She doesn 't leave the house except to go to school and her grades have slipped .
tr	O	我在这里醒来，并且伤口不见了。
tr	I	My voice squeaked and my throat dried .
tr	O	那时他们俩都在咧嘴笑，并且林迪感觉到不安的紧张感从她的四肢中消散。
tr	I	I 'd followed him out into the night ; and he 'd been drunk , quarreling .
tr	I	It 's important , but he will not be harmed .
tr	I	You 're an abomination now and you were an abomination then .
tr	I	She didn 't turn away as he held it out for her to take , but he saw a glimpse of fear in her eyes .
tr	I	The risks were too high for her , but she considered for a moment whether she could steal the last egg from behind the sleeping Lizard .
tr	O	这就像置身于一场闪电战中，但是它开始得有多迅速，结束得就有多迅速。
tr	O	电话在他的耳边，并且我能听出他正在等待接通。
tr	I	She saw they had been removed , but her father had kept guns there .
tr	I	The young were out partying , and the old were in bed .
tr	O	更多人发起攻击，并且他轻松地斩开他们，那种轻松既骇人听闻又病态诡异地美丽。
tr	O	我的全身因爱意而温暖，并且他的眼睛因喜悦而发光。
tr	O	它再次迸发火花，但是引擎轰鸣着启动了，在卡迈恩被迫松手之前。
tr	I	They had to be seeing with something , and the three certainly seemed to be seeing .
tr	I	The hymn was singing itself and she 'd closed her eyes .
tr	O	房间中央有一个小石台，并且上面放着一张折叠的地图。
tr	O	然而几秒钟后，科尔没有移开视线，并且她在他的强烈注视下变得焦虑不安。
tr	I	It rocked beneath my weight , and I sat down on the swing .
tr	O	确实，他可能没有尽力照顾托马斯，但是他仍然相信他的努力值得最高分。
tr	O	他的平衡摇晃了，并且他突然忘了如何站直。
tr	I	There have only been a few people throughout history with the capability of Albert Einstein , but we 're all able to do simple math .
tr	I	It had some power behind it , but a spiral it was not .
tr	O	查理拿着手机，期待着另一条回复，但是什么也没过来。
tr	I	I don 't want to be one , but I come from a family of cops .
tr	I	You can date the remains of the man himself , but there is no way to date the tomb .
tr	O	我们不足以阻止他们，并且我们需要他。
tr	O	我从她手中接过包并把它挎在自己肩上。
tr	I	Jon had expanded his chest to make them tight , and she had looped them several places .
tr	O	他感觉到妹妹在够他，但是他正忙着追踪心灵网络，无法回应。
tr	I	Sleep doesn 't come but I lay back down .
tr	I	It let out a barking sound , and Varg 's head jerked up .
tr	I	There 's the Beretta from the safe , and Tom , I 've got the Mossberg .
tr	O	他们之间发生了闲聊，主要关于夜晚的美丽和周围环境的奇妙。
tr	I	Her head was racing with ideas of what to do next and she was mad at herself for not thinking of that sooner .
tr	I	Their car was gone , and no lights shone .
tr	I	My eyes were watering and my throat was burning .
tr	I	His feet propped up on his desk and he had the call on his speakerphone .
tr	I	I rolled my eyes and we all giggled .
tr	O	她会和你坐在一起，并且我马上就回来。
tr	O	我很笨，但是我不是傻瓜。
tr	I	She nodded , and I said .
tr	O	损坏是巨大的，但是这座建筑甚至都不应该还立着。
tr	I	Their words weren 't meant for us , but their voices carried .
tr	O	她被击倒在地，并且她喘不过气来了。
tr	O	那么，当他们取消我的奖学金时，我可以上诉，但是大学通常不批准上诉。
tr	I	They were seconds away from death and Huck was coming down the stairs .
tr	O	物理治疗入口处柜台后面的女士们很友善，但是凯斯看到科拉时皱起了眉。
tr	I	I step from the dock to the white sand and the captain returns to his little boat as Damien .
tr	I	I almost dropped my towel , and the sudden noise startled me .
tr	O	他说，并且我咯咯地笑了。
tr	O	她笑了，并且他又伸出了手。
tr	I	I didn 't know where I was , but chapter 19 Heather I woke up to beeping .
tr	O	如果他靠近伊芙的公寓，莱德会知道的，并且所有人就都完了。
tr	O	曼弗雷德没有脱掉他的雨披，并且他又把猫抱了起来。
tr	I	His eyes went distant as he looked around his father 's office , and his shoulders dropped .
tr	O	他们已经做了将近两个小时了，并且那差不多是她的极限了。
tr	O	约翰问了这个问题，但是他不需要任何答案。
tr	I	The trees are falling down after me , and I am walking through a forest .
tr	I	She felt her pride rising in defense , and Alessia sensed that she had somehow evoked this woman 's pity .
tr	O	我不介意看到外星人的尸体，但是我不想看人类的。
tr	O	特蕾莎原以为那天晚上会有一场盛宴，但是电话却从未响过。
tr	O	罗伊斯已经一千五百多岁了，并且他可以活到三千岁。
tr	I	The golden-haired vampire next to me was leading the charge , and it was a rebellion .
tr	O	史蒂夫提过电影结束后去吃点东西，但是她很难对他隐藏住自己的哈欠。
tr	O	她站起来面对他，并且他才勉强忍住没有把她推回椅子上。
tr	O	麦肯齐会暂时阻止他伤害其他人，并且他毫不担心她会爱上他。
tr	O	当我走到他身边时，我绕着他转了七圈，象征着我们的灵魂将如何交织在一起，并且然后，拉比戴夫开始了仪式。
tr	I	I knew she was very special and we spent an afternoon together .
tr	I	I already knew he wasn 't there , but I looked around the thinning crowds .
tr	O	一阵停顿，而且我顿时泄了气。
tr	I	I knew better than to bring it up , and he just wouldn 't even discuss turning Ashley again .
tr	O	我不完全确定暗影能做什么，而且亚伯的占有欲可能非常强。
tr	I	I couldn 't be bothered to fix myself breakfast , but my stomach rumbled with hunger .
tr	I	I jerked again and he spoke more soft words .
tr	O	他猛地转过身，而且我看到他脸上突然泛起了赤色怒火。
tr	I	Edward wouldn 't have it , but I was happy to accept George 's financial help for James ' sake .
tr	I	We climbed the ladder up to the deck and I tugged on his shirt to lower me .
tr	I	There would be no more , and he was out of wine .
tr	I	His hand rose with an effort to wipe the tears off my cheek , and Calvin 's fingers released mine .
tr	O	这个计划已经酝酿了三个月了，而且它真是个杰作。
tr	O	我问了，而且那让我得到一个轻蔑的眼神。
tr	I	He 's not , but the smirk on Trystan 's face says he 's playing , toying with her .
tr	O	她之前所保持的所有克制都瓦解了，并且泪水倾泻而出。
tr	I	Now they were afraid of him , and the guards must have witnessed Shane 's display of power in the courtyard .
tr	I	I mechanically ducked under his arm , and he held the door for me .
tr	O	又一声巨雷划破天空，而且瞬间乌云裂开。
tr	I	He screamed in pain as the wall closed shut , and he fell back as the metal struck his hands .
tr	O	他很有责任感，而且他把这些责任置于他生命中的一切之上，包括他自己的幸福。
tr	O	他不会想的，不过你要知道，但是你让他做。
tr	O	她欲火焚身，并且他品尝着她因为他想。
tr	O	他立刻感到更多疼痛，但是他现在不能停下来。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what character I was playing and I was starting to feel like I 'd stepped into a movie .
tr	O	巴洛的同伴是一只熊，并且蒙特的是一只浣熊。
tr	I	The security guards behind her and he was striding ahead of her .
tr	I	A lot of them don 't , but some slaves have it bad .
tr	O	他战斗得太久了，而且他过于强大了。
tr	I	He nearly fell back into the bath and his eyes crossed .
tr	O	她的随行人员，包括经理、律师、食客和我，通常玩一个“传递女明星”的游戏。
tr	I	An unpleasant musty smell to back it up and there was a dampness about the place .
tr	O	他们只在我们自己无法完成事情时有用，并且即使那样我们也得求他们才肯做。
tr	I	I love that and we 're different .
tr	I	It worked , and he had his own system .
tr	O	他以前从未对我怀恨在心，但是此刻，他看起来像是想杀了我。
tr	I	I didn 't know how , but I wanted to say something .
tr	I	The picture shattered into a thousand dancing fragments of light , and Bert landed with a splash in the middle of the pond .
tr	I	Two guards entered , holding a man roughly by the arms , and he snapped his fingers .
tr	O	Bryce 对他父亲大喊，并且我感到呼吸一滞。
tr	I	My heart ached with a pain that I could never put into words , and I felt exhausted , even a little disoriented .
tr	O	里面的图像分开了，并且当她坐在那里看着它时，她看到了两个人的图像。
tr	O	芭莎觉得此时说这话很奇怪，但是他很快就忘了她说了什么。
tr	O	他看着基利笑了，并且她的眼睛因喜悦而发光，因为她和圈子里的女人们聊天。
tr	I	The place was busier than it should have been and it was late afternoon .
tr	O	她从一个圆形窗户往里看，但是里面太暗了，看不清太多内部。
tr	I	Already she 'd taken us back down in a direction we should no longer take and I 'd been absent only one night .
tr	O	我的头发盘成了发髻，并且我喜欢粉色挑染显现的方式。
tr	I	The turned the light off as I went to exit the bathroom , and I relieved myself , washed my hands .
tr	O	他不喜欢那种美好的感觉，但是他也没有试图阻止它。
tr	I	Henry still likes to let us know that he 's here but Rex is on the approved list .
tr	I	They will perish for treason , or they will learn to adjust .
tr	O	马多克不久前折断了泰南的脖子，并且那不是那种容易被遗忘的事情。
tr	O	他魔术般的手指滑过我的阴蒂，并且我瓦解崩溃，咬紧嘴唇以防叫出声来。
tr	O	我们需要让退伍军人事务部和政府开始解决其士兵在国内的需求。
tr	O	书籍散落在地板上，但是有些则整齐地堆放在咖啡桌上。
tr	O	林赛很擅长解决别人的问题，但是她自己的呢？
tr	I	It was literally only two blocks , so it would have been crazy to do that , but I almost suggested taking a cab .
tr	I	His tortured expression was almost comical , but I knew I should feel awful .
tr	O	宽敞的走廊是摆放书架的好地方，而且苏苏却在浪费一大片黄金空间，在我看来。
tr	I	Perhaps some Coven politician had been out to prove a point , or apparently Rodrick 's group had made themselves too much of a nuisance , however .
tr	O	他早前就开始闻到它们了，但是气味在巨大的洞穴里更糟。
tr	O	他的手滑下，抚摸着我裸露的隆起处，并且我发出呜咽声。
tr	O	我抿了一口，并且它是茶。
tr	I	It does just as it reaches me , and somehow I know the car 's going to stop .
tr	O	没有他希望的那么多，但是这总算有点可以利用的。
tr	I	He was managing , but it was difficult .
tr	I	I didn 't spend time with them socially , and I hadn 't really met any of the players since Jack .
tr	I	I knew it and something was different .
tr	O	太阳已经下山了，并且垂死的光线搅乱了他的感官。
tr	I	They 'd have to pass right by their booth to get there , but they were probably going to Nick 's office .
tr	O	她的棕色头发随着她高跟鞋咔哒作响走向他而跳动着，并且她走过去拿他的外套。
tr	O	突然他脸上露出厌恶的表情，并且他猛地把头转向我。
tr	O	他的手直接伸向我的背心，并且我没有阻止他。
tr	I	His anger flared a hot white , and he remembered having to flee when they dragged Kaylee away .
tr	I	She felt strange , and her heart was beating overtime .
tr	O	他高瘦的身体正对着她，但是仍然没有一丝感情。
tr	O	我们缓慢地移动着，但是我们移动了。
tr	O	我们以前亲吻过，成百上千次，但是他的吻从未停止深入触动我的内心。
tr	I	I 'd passed on to Kenzie and the kind Guro had given me .
tr	O	已经很晚了，并且今天是星期五。
tr	I	She couldn 't waste any more time , but Aria shook her head , still furious .
tr	O	泰勒计划在清晨第一缕阳光出现时起飞，并且他完全按计划进行。
tr	O	他们不会停止，直到他们发现一切，并且，然后，他们会给你一个选择。
tr	O	我的手落在比地面更柔软的东西上，但是和之前触碰过的树一样冰冷。
tr	O	如果她感觉好些，查理会为这些想法感到羞耻，但是她并没有感觉好些。
tr	O	她以一种我不熟悉的方式让我心烦意乱，并且我感到不安全。
tr	I	She kisses me back with equal intensity and I kiss her lips fiercely .
tr	O	乔治亚威胁要让我减少工作时间，但是我清楚她的威胁还没有那么认真。
tr	I	At this moment , he didn 't care but he was no longer sure that anywhere was safe .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to allow her that option , but she would willingly have given him what he needed .
tr	O	当然你可以过来拜访我。
tr	I	They carried odd , curled horns , but there were two trumpeters between them .
tr	I	The wind rushed from his lungs , and he crashed hard .
tr	O	我听到前门在我走进去的时候关上了，并且我开始冲刺。
tr	I	Gabe 's voice breaks through my sorrow , and I hear the sobs of everyone else , then Nora 's hands are on my back .
tr	O	我正在打破这个圈子，这是我不应该做的事情，但是我别无选择。
tr	I	It didn 't look very forgiving -- and the ground was coming towards me .
tr	O	这是开学前的最后一个周末了，并且我知道一旦周一来临，我就会忙得不可开交。
tr	O	如果完全由她决定，她宁愿等待，但是提前知道婴儿的性别确实有好处。
tr	O	他已经回去读他的书了，但是一瞬间他的目光又回到了我身上。
tr	I	You 'll risk him doin some damage before he goes and you keep him longer than that .
tr	I	I never felt for her what I feel for my wife , but Dewi was my girlfriend for three years .
tr	I	Grimshaw sent her to bed , and Katya became quite distraught .
tr	O	克里斯托尔告诉埃德温会发生什么事，并且埃德温只是同意了。
tr	O	她很专注，但是同时，她也很困惑。
tr	O	我讨厌离开仓库，但是这是为了最好的结果。
tr	I	He lowered his head , placing his hand over his heart and somewhere in the back of his mind he thought he heard Soul 's laugh .
tr	I	I had been talking about him and he found out you .
tr	I	Flynn gives me a curious look , and I kick the ground in frustration .
tr	I	It was always handy to shift to it when people came over , and he 'd preferred being in his bird form when he needed to think .
tr	I	Only Sean slipped out , moving through the throngs to stand at Marcus 's side , but at long last the door opened .
tr	O	他起身，但是他被压在他身上的重量阻止了。
tr	I	Money has no friends , but we 're friends Dave .
tr	I	Missy was a nice woman and Jeff was a good guy .
tr	I	I was debating how to say goodbye , and I 'm going back to the States .
tr	O	他的声音富有丰富的共鸣，并且他说话时似乎很自然地在思考这些事情。
tr	I	I needed something , anything to take my mind off of Tallis , but I wasn 't really in the mood to deal with company .
tr	O	橙色的灯光缓慢地闪烁着，并且球体开始发出嗡嗡声。
tr	O	还有第三个人活着，并且杰斯决意让他进入地下室。
tr	O	她和另外两个同龄的女孩在一起，并且当她看到阿里时，一个恶意的笑容在她脸上蔓延开来。
tr	I	That wakes me up and I feel something crawling on my arm .
tr	I	I looked back sadly , worrying and Evan carried me up the stairs .
tr	I	It certainly felt like it was , but I knew that wasn 't literal .
tr	O	他毫不怀疑艾伦说的每一个字都是认真的，并且他真的不能责怪那家伙。
tr	O	我以为我想要生活中一些不同的东西，但是我似乎就是无法没有你而活下去。
tr	O	基隆跑到她身边，并且她把他抱起来，感受着他温暖的呼吸拂过她的脸。
tr	I	In Morganville , that shouldn 't be happening , and that had been a starving , savage vampire .
tr	I	It was becoming quite foggy and the cloud cover was dense .
tr	I	I 'm sure almost everyone uses the book and when I give these to my classes , they 're supposed to do them at home .
tr	I	I let him sit on the ground , kneeling beside him , and Scar groaned .
tr	I	My heart sinks and I kick the door in .
tr	I	Lea had kept her training and another week had gone by .
tr	O	迈克看到其中一些消失了，但是数量似乎没有减少。
tr	O	这没有让莉亚失去平衡，但是这确实让她滑离了佩顿。
tr	I	His chin dropped to his chest in disbelief and Eddie 's eyebrows shot up .
tr	I	Jobs kept coming and Summer came .
tr	O	塔尼亚脸上的表情说明了一切，表明这一击造成了巨大的痛苦，并且这剥夺了她的体力。
tr	O	他五十三岁了，并且他是一名大学教授。
tr	O	我意识到了这一切，并且我彻底考虑清楚了。
tr	O	他不确定这需要什么，但是通过疯狂的性爱也未能缓解。
tr	O	她想让我把你们和足球运动员撮合起来，而且我一个也不认识！
tr	O	我伸手去摸他的脸，并且他从我身边退缩了。
tr	I	I didn 't jerk away from him and he raised a hand to touch my face .
tr	I	I felt his hands gripping my waist and he swirled his tongue at double speed .
tr	I	The stench of burning , charred meat filled the room , and her blond hair went up in a puff of smoke .
tr	I	She could not shake it , but it was an odd thought .
tr	I	She found herself staring up into the face of the man she had been following and she was about to turn away when the door opened .
tr	I	Then , quite unintentionally , moved toward her when I turned my head to answer and I went completely still .
tr	I	The way she felt at that moment she wasn 't prepared to deal with his parents , and Mary wasn 't wearing any clothes .
tr	I	I was so glad I 'd showed up at his door four months ago but it was hard to comprehend at times .
tr	O	我认识萨曼莎，或者像她一样的女人。
tr	I	Their loyalty rests there , and their purpose is to protect the land .
tr	I	That 's a small price to pay for security but it may mean duplication .
tr	O	海上可能没有什么法律，但是我知道那些人会为他们的罪行付出代价。
tr	I	It just brought up too many bad memories , but I knew I should probably talk to her .
tr	I	She yanked Carmine toward her as she stood up on her tiptoes , and he turned around , looking at her curiously .
tr	O	房子很黑，但是她其实也没指望会有其他样子。
tr	I	Fortunately , Cobb wasn 't done yet , but Chris still wasn 't sure what it all meant .
tr	I	Neither would you , and I would never do such a thing , take a life like this .
tr	O	我们年轻，并且都热爱冒险，所以我想我们注定会在探索时不断相遇。
tr	I	He didn 't move to put them on her , but he had manacles hooked on his belt .
tr	I	I have no idea what set her off , but it 's like she 's ready to fight .
tr	O	我今晚还有别的事情要做，而且我的飞机明早会到。
tr	O	她的眼睛眯了起来，并且外面闪电了。
tr	O	我的心在胸腔里怦怦直跳，并且我向前走去，向外看。
tr	O	唯一的区别是那顶蠢帽子不见了，而且他的脏辫扎成了马尾辫。
tr	O	当安妮女王广场的维修完成时，我们就能搬回去，并且我就可以雇用更多员工了。
tr	I	There he was going to ask Mandy out for Valentine 's Day and Frank felt so emboldened by banter that he decided then .
tr	O	戴卡德在远处听到他们已经够多了，但是近距离接触就是另一回事了。
tr	I	It refused to stop , but a few of the bullets connected , slowing it down .
tr	O	T.J. 不会同意的，而且我真心希望他别问我为什么选择了那些话。
tr	I	I knew I wasn 't alone , and then a dark shadow emerged .
tr	O	她意识到了表面之下隐藏着什么，而且那景象如此壮丽，以至于她哭了。
tr	I	Birch is a suspicious bastard , and Corey never liked the police .
tr	O	我们假装是巡逻队，但是我们俩都知道那是个谎言。
tr	I	What we need to do is concentrate on protecting our own , yet we cannot discount anything .
tr	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且他脸上露出了一个歪斜的笑容。
tr	O	我想回应说生活就是一场赌博，而且我们都是输家。
tr	O	这次，我不得不喊了出来，而且他喜欢那样。
tr	O	艾萨克希望自己不要那样想，但是他确实那样想了。
tr	I	He rejoined his wife and Frank 's call ended .
tr	O	他的獠牙变长了，并且身体也变硬了。
tr	O	她是我在德克萨斯州最亲密的朋友，但是她实际上是和另一个女孩最好的朋友。
tr	O	他仍然俯身在我身上，并且我把一只手伸进了他的T恤下。
tr	O	外壳破碎了，并且电击最终杀死了外星人。
tr	O	他摆出了一副严肃正式的样子，并且我希望他能稍微放松一点。
tr	O	那不是一次干净利落的死亡，并且尽管安娜离开的时间还不足以开始腐烂，但那股气味却很可怕。
tr	O	她把手放在我的腰上，并且我背靠着她站着。
tr	I	Katie tried not to wince and Lisa 's squeal had patrons turning their heads .
tr	O	枪声在她左侧炸响，并且货车猛地向一侧倾斜。
tr	I	The zombie crashed down on top and the elf landed with a meaty thud .
tr	O	尽管他有着异样的冷淡，他一直对她足够迷人，但是突然间，仿佛有一股魅力场在他周围被激活了。
tr	I	He presents a good demeanor for dealing with customers and Gus came across as being a pretty savvy guy .
tr	I	She blushed , and his gaze raked over her once .
tr	O	科莱特问道，并且我叹了口气。
tr	O	奈特拿起了自己的盘子，并且我们坐下来在上面涂抹黄油，然后淋上枫糖浆。
tr	I	He grips them lightly and I slide my fingers over his palm .
tr	O	你所发现的是来自玛雅人的，但是这些文字甚至比他们更古老。
tr	O	奈特的目光转向我，并且我能从他的眼中看出他确切知道但丁在说什么。
tr	I	I catch sight of it slinking towards the base of the platform and my eyes scan the area .
tr	I	We 'll discuss my price later , but I 'll do this .
tr	O	他必须尝尝她，看看那花香是否有味道，并且确实有。
tr	I	The garden would 've been lovely at any other time of the year , and the shutters gave the windows an open , welcoming look .
tr	O	她看起来并不热情，但是她也没有阻止我。
tr	O	我环顾四周，看有没有女孩跟着他，但是 我没看到。
tr	I	It might have been blood , or he thought he tasted seawater in his own mouth .
tr	O	我希望能找到一些兼职教学工作，并且 我可以做一些咨询。
tr	O	这是康复的阶段，此时头脑有太多时间思考，并且身体却什么都做不了。
tr	O	他用下半身向她研磨，并且 她感觉到他c * ck的汹涌脉搏抵着她的大腿内侧。
tr	I	He led her around to the back , but she followed him with a noticeable lack of enthusiasm .
tr	O	她的祖父生命最后几年都在与癌症抗争，并且 这对迪奶奶造成的伤害是巨大的。
tr	I	He grabbed her leg , bringing her closer to the edge but she scrambled away .
tr	O	肖恩瞟了我一眼，但是 他没有停止玩耍。
tr	I	I was just full of all of it , and it was such a good day , after a rocky start .
tr	O	如果我嫁给盖奇，那意味着我将永远失去洛根，而且 现在我完全偏离了对话。
tr	I	I blinked in surprise , and we finally crested the hill we 'd been climbing .
tr	I	We laid rubber as he drove out of the lot , and tires squealed .
tr	I	The images poured through , and their gazes met again .
tr	O	他的手臂搂住了她的腰，并且 她感觉到他嘴唇的压力靠近她的耳朵。
tr	O	我的孩子看起来很痛苦，并且我能感觉到他身上散发出阵阵明显的热浪。
tr	I	She spoke lightly , but Irritation flashed across Miri 's face .
tr	O	很难说，但是听起来像是一个声音。
tr	O	房间通风良好，但是她仍然觉得在层层衣物下很热。
tr	O	我的血沿着她的下巴流下，并且她的眼睛不再浑浊。
tr	O	我咧嘴笑了，并且我的手指滑入他的头发。
tr	I	Had never been able to repeat , and something that she shouldn 't have been able to do .
tr	O	我知道那听起来很蠢，但是我觉得这就像当头一棒。
tr	I	They went around a truck stopped for a delivery with a squeal of tires and he jerked the wheel .
tr	I	The second one had wings , and there were two creatures now .
tr	O	洛蕾莱有些不对劲，这超出了她自身的问题，但是他却无法完全弄明白这个女人到底哪里让他感到困扰。
tr	O	她的手指沿着他银色腰带的凹槽滑动，并且他渴望地向她弓起身体。
tr	O	他以前从没有理由质疑父亲的健康，并且恐惧与他的愤怒并存。
tr	O	狂怒占据了我，并且我僵立不动。
tr	I	She knew she looked like hell without even glancing at the mirror and her eyes were heavy .
tr	O	我接了尽可能多的电话，但是我永远无法接完所有的电话。
tr	O	你毁了她的关系，而且你把媒体引向了那些曾经虐待她的禽兽。
tr	O	高潮席卷了他，并且愉悦感如他前所未有地流淌。
tr	I	They did quietly ask how she was feeling , but they didn 't mention what had happened last night .
tr	I	My powers of mind interaction were not well developed , but I tried to tell them that they got it wrong .
tr	O	那家伙搂住了她，并且我强忍住像斗牛场里的公牛一样冲向他的冲动。
tr	O	我不知道我们怎么才能除掉她，但是到时候我自会想到办法。
tr	I	One of them glistened with a tear , and now her eyes were bleary .
tr	O	拉特利夫来迟了，并且他们点了饮料。
tr	I	I caressed her face and her stare was obstinate .
tr	O	她的手臂碰到了他，但是她没有去抓他。
tr	I	I were the prey and she moved toward me as if she were the predator .
tr	I	It wasn 't real , but I might have done it for Trina -- to make her feel like everything was okay .
tr	O	他的手伸向她，并且她紧握住了它。
tr	I	No , the gray eyes were staring out at something else , but Claire thought at first that she was getting her attention .
tr	O	我差点尖叫起来，但是我忍住了声音，因为我不想吵醒维尼。
tr	O	她考虑过不出现，但是那似乎是懦弱的逃避方式。
tr	I	You wondered what it thought about you , and you knew how much you admired him .
tr	O	凡现在能更轻易地认出这些，而且她惊讶地看到了日志中提及了她读过的东西。
tr	O	一股巨大的悲伤笼罩着学校，但是它促使我们在工作、演出以及所有事情上做得更好。
tr	O	有些，正如我承认的，仍然难以辨认，但是其他的则可以被认出。
tr	I	She poured him a generous helping and Dad mumbled a barely coherent yes .
tr	O	爸爸第一个进了房间，而且我没有落后太远。
tr	O	他们的耳朵本该在的地方有洞，并且他们的眼睛位置很奇怪。
tr	O	她想让我看，并且我看到了。
tr	I	His secrets would die with him , or Vince would confess .
tr	O	珍妮担心，并且她的眼睛湿润了。
tr	O	威尔试图帮我回忆，并且他现在失踪了。
tr	O	他伸手去抓托马斯，但是我挡住了他，把托马斯拉到我身后。
tr	O	乔什仰躺着，但是他立刻就站了起来。
tr	I	We would enjoy hearing a thorough roasting of the Cavalier party , and we knew we were not the wicked .
tr	I	I am sorely disappointed , but I expect Mason to admit defeat .
tr	I	Now , for the first time , when she saw her best friend , Lexi felt like a liar , and she couldn 't .
tr	O	我曾多次问他关于出口的事，并且和我一样，他从未发现它们在哪里。
tr	I	Sara was so ready to be done and this job had taken up the better part of the last several weeks .
tr	I	Her lips spread into the most beautiful smile this side of heaven and her eyes light up .
tr	O	这个疯子是来真的，并且这是致命的勾当。
tr	O	我不明白那是什么意思，但是 我笑了，因为它听起来很荒谬。
tr	I	That means something with my kin and you 're my brother 's daughter .
tr	O	她仍然因为宿醉感到昏昏欲睡，并且 她现在不想再面对杰森了。
tr	I	I hear what I think is him sliding down my door , sitting down on the other side , and a thump follows .
tr	I	He turned the knob and we reached the door .
tr	I	You know who you are ... Thank you , but there are too many of you to list !
tr	I	Again he nodded furiously , and she asked .
tr	O	九月的夜晚很冷，并且 凯特希望她出门前能抓一件外套。
tr	O	她开始挣脱，但是 他没有放开她。
tr	O	他的肩膀绷紧了，但是 他没有后退。
tr	I	You need to have a good talk with him , but sage , I know you 've just met him .
tr	I	In response she decelerated , and Ayako wasn 't bothered .
tr	O	我的全身随着一个节奏跳动，并且 我感到活着，真正地活着。
tr	I	The two men measured each other , and the interrogation room door shut behind Ethan .
tr	O	他开始说话，但是 她打断了他。
tr	I	Thorin was the first go forward by Bilbo 's side , and in desperation they agreed .
tr	I	It incapacitated its sensory system , sending the pod zipping away in a spiraling blind curve , but it didn 't kill the beast .
tr	I	The large driver was there instantly , but Hank reached out to grab Jason .
tr	O	他卖血，收集废金属，并且 他发现自己在教堂里偷东西。
tr	O	我抓住了他们的头发，而且他们痛苦地哭了起来。
tr	I	When she walked out of the building , Chris was there with Honey , and she tagged after Kincaid until well past dark .
tr	O	路边一个棚屋的门砰地关上了，而且一位老妇人蹒跚地走向他。
tr	O	肥皂从她指间滑落了，而且水溅到了她的脸上。
tr	I	I saw those farmers trudging out to work , and we passed one of those villages one morning about the middle of summer .
tr	I	They 're so different from the brown ones that hurt me , and I look into this man 's sky-blue eyes .
tr	I	They were in position and Matt reported back to the lieutenant that the area was contained .
tr	O	那是破布，而且他们俩都知道。
tr	I	His urges were strengthening , and he wouldn 't stop , ever .
tr	I	We simply held each other and he pulled me tighter in response .
tr	I	He lived for the future , while struggling desperately through the present , and neither plan was beyond possibility by any means .
tr	O	我的手机还在工作，而且我打通了电话联系上了车站。
tr	I	Not ones I ever planned to see again , but I 'd slept with sisters before .
tr	O	尽管烧伤并非那种溃烂的噩梦，但它们已经足够严重了，并且对受伤的马克斯来说，这会是巨大的消耗，甚至危险。
tr	O	我曾受过匕首训练，而且也许我能命中目标。
tr	O	前一分钟我还在床上，而且我想我睡着了。
tr	O	我的脸红了，并且我低下头以掩饰我的尴尬。
tr	O	我伸出了手臂，并且他将我夹克的袖子推到刚好过了我肘部的位置。
tr	O	可能是我的父亲，但是我没有察觉到他。
tr	I	He couldn 't see the looming figure well enough to identify him , but actually , he was guessing it was Cain because of the dogs .
tr	O	他伸出了手，并且她把她的手放了进去。
tr	I	That wasn 't lost on this stranger and when Shane walked into the room there was lots of wow .
tr	O	在清晨记忆的模糊阴影中，他曾以为那个画面是她羞红了脸，但是现在他想起来了。
tr	I	You wouldn 't listen , but I tried to reason with you .
tr	I	She sucked even harder at his neck and that he was hard for her somehow fired her need .
tr	O	我们不认同关于他神性的主张，但是他仍然是安拉的先知。
tr	O	我检查过城堡旁的小溪，但是里面连一滴血都没有。
tr	I	They don 't dilate the same way and our pupils are larger than yours .
tr	O	他知道这完全是徒劳的，但是这是一种预期的行为。
tr	I	He needed all the information at his disposal , but it wasn 't that he doubted her .
tr	O	L.J.接着掉到了地上，并且Ink开始开火。
tr	O	他眼里只有其中一个，并且他现在必须去找他的情人。
tr	O	丽贝卡问了，并且约翰点了点头。
tr	O	她被迫说出真相时，显得非常不自在，并且所有的目光都集中在她身上。
tr	O	我的靴子踢中了他的下巴，并且他发出一声低沉的咕哝声。
tr	I	Helen seldom used it , but the complex had an elevator .
tr	O	他不会高兴的，但是他们可能会找到金子的用处，特别是如果有什么政府掩盖的话。
tr	O	塔尼亚的眼睛猛地睁大，并且她的手握成了拳头。
tr	I	It came out simple , but it would have been easy to have made it selfish , the way I wanted it to be .
tr	I	A mother 's raised eyebrow was one of them , and some things were bigger than willpower .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do and he was thousands of miles away .
tr	O	他最近没少大喊大叫，并且他的愁容这些天很深，低垂在眉宇间。
tr	I	It carried , and her voice was very loud , unlike the captive man .
tr	O	没有人停下来帮那个男人，并且我听到几声响亮的求救声从那个方向传来。
tr	O	成为一名心灵感应者有其缺点，而且其中大多数只有在输给另一位心灵感应者后才变得明显。
tr	O	艾伦的头歪向一边，并且他若有所思地打量着他的新……朋友。
tr	O	他试图把手挣脱出来，但是她却紧紧抓着。
tr	I	Stacy couldn 't stop hers from doing the same to him , and his gaze raked her from head to toe in a long , slow sweep .
tr	I	One needed a large amount of money to even enter the games , and many of Hart 's guests were hardened gamblers .
tr	O	这不是我所期望的，仅此而已，并且我没有考虑就大喊大叫了。
tr	O	伊森问了，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	He didn 't look at her , but he felt Rosa turn toward him .
tr	O	现在是傍晚，并且太阳正在落下。
tr	O	女孩伸手抓住我的手臂，并且火焰增强了十倍。
tr	I	Nothing was going to get in between us and we were best friends forever .
tr	O	我希望他那样说，但是我不希望他付诸行动。
tr	O	他的表情很不一样，并且她感到很奇怪。
tr	O	门打开了，并且我笑了。
tr	O	她自从青少年时期就没划过船了，而且桨在她试图在水中挥舞时感觉很陌生。
tr	I	We all knew it was true , but he dismissed those as rumors .
tr	I	They would close their files , and there would be no survivors .
tr	O	谁也猜不准戴恩已经吟唱了多久，但是他的精力看起来已经耗尽。
tr	O	你有你自己的准则，而且你绝不会打破它。
tr	I	They set out across the courtyard to find her and ares nodded without looking at me .
tr	O	然后她走了出去，并且他再次麻痹了自己。
tr	I	Neither did I look back , and I didn 't dwell on it .
tr	I	No one left the store , and it was still raining , though .
tr	O	恶心感袭遍了我的全身，并且我跑去了浴室。
tr	I	I quickly cup my hand and Blood seeps out of the wound .
tr	O	就在迈克尔和我见面之后。
tr	O	夜幕很快降临，并且空气很凉爽。
tr	I	His facial expression was intense and his mouth was clenched shut .
tr	I	The flame of the torch he held flickered , and Jace laughed .
tr	O	他从阅读案件档案中了解了一些细节，但是他想听萨凡纳亲口讲述这个故事。
tr	I	When it washed through her she knew exactly what it was , but she had not known what to expect .
tr	O	我在其中穿过却什么也没看到，并且然后冲进了田野。
tr	I	She stood a short distance away and Simon helped Helen off the horse .
tr	I	She felt his eyes on her nonetheless , but he wasn 't obvious this time by standing in a window .
tr	I	It was delicious and I ate some .
tr	O	她递给我一块面包，并且我把它弹给了鸟儿。
tr	I	Silvery eyes danced with mischief , and Light glinted off jet-black hair .
tr	I	They formed a circle around me and I jogged to my team mates .
tr	I	Its eyes were closed , but its ears were up .
tr	O	他喊道，但是她站得太不稳了，他赶在她爬上门廊台阶之前追上了她。
tr	O	门口的母马们因恐惧而发狂，并且我知道马厩里的马更是如此。
tr	O	我疯狂地爱着盖奇，并且我注定要嫁给他。
tr	O	当特蕾西绕过我们的手臂时，她把我们撞倒了，并且乔纳森短暂地抱住了我。
tr	O	这是一个令我恐惧的经历，但是我已经让他们完全摸不着头脑了。
tr	I	My eyes flashed green , and Anita looked pointedly at me .
tr	I	The deck had enough space to hold all of us , and the large rectangular pool was lit up by colored lights .
tr	I	She saw his mouth compress , and his glance flickered over her .
tr	I	His eyes never left mine , and he slowly lowered his head .
tr	O	我没有什么特别之处，而且你不能成为我的父亲。
tr	O	薪水很高，而且不需要经验。
tr	I	He was already acting a little strange and she didn 't want to upset him .
tr	O	她本该感到悲伤，但是她所感受到的只是因为有了收回手的借口而感到解脱。
tr	I	Your death has bequeathed your only son with bitterness , but I know in your heart you meant well .
tr	O	堡垒本身看起来完好无损，但是现在有一个非常明显的不同。
tr	O	胡里奥往后退，并且那生物猛地向前冲。
tr	O	她从不问我为什么想走路，而且有个人一起走路感觉很好。
tr	O	一百英镑是他现在所有的钱，并且他得设法让这笔钱撑下去。
tr	O	他用嘴唇轻拂我的脸颊，并且这让我脊背发凉。
tr	I	At the same time perfectly natural , as if he 'd known all along that she was the woman he needed and the thought was strange .
tr	I	All she got was a recording , but Cheyenne tried to call her back .
tr	I	Missy 's words were just the shove to knock her over the edge and she was a girl on the verge of collapse .
tr	I	Cameron didn 't give them to her , but Ainsley held out her hand for the letters .
tr	O	我的背弓了起来，并且我大声呻吟着。
tr	O	她隐约意识到西蒙在叫她的名字，但是她的思绪在飞速运转。
tr	O	皮特仍然得去坐牢，但是因为爸爸的帮助，他得到了轻得多的判决。
tr	O	那么也许我们可以逐渐发展到电话交谈，并且假以时日，如果你愿意，也可以进行探访。
tr	I	A welcome face greeted him and the craft 's side compartment opened .
tr	I	Then he 'd met Mikaela ... Mike , but Liam had always meant to leave again .
tr	O	他的脏辫如鬃毛般从头皮上散落下来，并且他的眼睛仍然燃烧着那炽烈的红光。
tr	I	It unscrewed easily from the head and Ted gave the shaft a twist .
tr	I	He sneezed loudly and dust leached into the room .
tr	I	I was certain that he would not return for the remainder , and I gave him slightly less than half of the initial amount .
tr	O	怒气从肖恩的脸上消退了，并且他靠在枕头上，看起来精疲力尽。
tr	O	我确定他做了，并且他们最好没有伤害他。
tr	O	他只给了他一个命令，并且他早就把它搞砸得面目全非了。
tr	O	我现在真的不知道怎么跟你解释，但是他已经走了。
tr	I	I guess his plans changed , but he originally planned to stay the week .
tr	O	我可以跑到我的小型货车那里，但是我冒着失去他的风险。
tr	I	I 'd be forced to tell what happened to the other , and just one monkey , though .
tr	I	I needed him to be strong for me , but it was bad enough my confidence was faltering .
tr	I	The teasing insults rolled off my tongue , but I don 't know why he brought out such a snide side of me .
tr	I	I didn 't particularly want to talk about myself , but talking about him was one thing .
tr	I	I was flattered by his romantic implication , and he was wickedly handsome .
tr	O	她尝了尝艾萨克一直在吸的冬青味Tic Tac薄荷糖，并且她的嘴唇刺痛，好像刚被蜇过一样。
tr	I	Simone did her best to hide the angry , driven workhorse within her , and as Callum knelt down to help her , they made eye contact .
tr	O	他们哄骗了很多，但是没得到多少。
tr	I	Pen screams his name , and he goes for Blaze .
tr	I	It was suddenly all too much , and a groan escaped Daniel 's lips .
tr	O	我的手指抠进了他的肩膀，并且我等着他吻我。
tr	O	她直视着卢克的脸，但是我看到她只是稍微露出一丝坏笑。
tr	I	Keith never complained , but all his traveling had to be taxing .
tr	O	它内心深处可能为了克莱丽，但是它仍然是一笔债。
tr	I	It was possible , but it was unlikely .
tr	I	I wouldn 't die , but the agonizing torture that was being bestowed on me was sure to be killing me .
tr	O	我走到沙发旁，并且她把脚收回去，这样我就可以坐在末端。
tr	O	我们走到地下室门口，并且特丽莎开始往下走。
tr	I	There was no one in line behind me , but that was a leading comment .
tr	I	She quickly removed her hands and he stiffened at her touch .
tr	O	我曾试图让声音听起来轻松，但是我的声音连我自己都觉得平板。
tr	O	我们的目光相遇，并且他点头。
tr	O	很快一切都已收拾妥当，并且安娜站在她的书桌后面不安地动来动去。
tr	O	拿着杂志的女士相当爱管闲事，而且大约五分钟后，她终于决定说出来。
tr	O	罗比开车，并且露丝坐在他旁边。
tr	I	I was afraid to see what it was but we had found it .
tr	O	他趁机用嘴唇轻抚她的脖颈，并且他感觉到她低低的呻吟一直传到他的脚趾。
tr	I	She knew that he would have done this for her anyway , even if it had no benefit for him , but it would have bothered her .
tr	I	She lowered herself next to me , and I sat on the sand .
tr	O	他的皮肤摸起来很烫，并且她惊讶地把手指猛地缩了回来。
tr	I	I cried with the pain of it , and they cut my marriage Marks in two .
tr	O	我笑了，并且这感觉很奇怪，对着自己的想法大声笑出来。
tr	O	我靠在楼梯扶手上，并且我妈妈给我脱下靴子。
tr	I	Exhaustion settled in , and the numbness was subsiding .
tr	I	Then he had gone back to being the polished man he 'd probably been raised to be , but I thought he had too .
tr	I	I needed time to think without being bombarded with more information , but I knew being alone should unsettle me more than it did .
tr	O	瑞秋叹了口气，并且又蹲回火堆旁，照看着她的食物。
tr	I	She shook it , weakly and he extended a hand to her .
tr	I	The heat from his hand scorched my skin wherever it touched me and his gaze delved into mine , capturing it , holding it hostage .
tr	I	There it was , smack between the two chalets , but the net hadn 't been there when she 'd gone to bed the night before .
tr	O	我瞥向维奥拉，并且我看到她的脸上带着和我内心“噪音”一样悲伤的神情。
tr	I	Her guard immediately came up and she threw back her shoulders at the same time she tossed her hair off them .
tr	O	我碰巧知道蜘蛛会把你吓死，并且每次看《极限家居改造》节目时你都会哭。
tr	O	他没有阻止死亡，但是对萨宾来说，情况就不同了。
tr	O	到夏天结束时，那个神秘装置已经失去了吸引力，并且它直到我大学时期才再次重见天日。
tr	O	我尽力阻断我的思想，不让它感受到他的灵魂从身体里蠕动出来，并且我解开了他脖子上的绳索。
tr	O	我听到他发出声音时僵住了，迅速瞥了一眼他的脸，但是他仍然平静地睡着。
tr	O	不到一分钟，门就开了，并且一个矮小、黑发的男人迈着大步从我身边走过，径直走向店员。
tr	I	We 'd kill each other , or we have to get along .
tr	I	Off they went downhill with no brakes and Elizabeth waved a gloved hand of thanks .
tr	I	I climbed on first and Murray saddled her up .
tr	I	Julienne was so small , and he was generously sized .
tr	I	It is celebrated because the people know that it is always among them , but in Mexico , death is not desired .
tr	O	迪克兰感觉到她试图挣脱，但是他还没完。
tr	I	It 's not easy , but it can be overcome .
tr	I	I didn 't know if I could ever look her in the eyes again and I wasn 't able to protect my family .
tr	I	My heart stops for a moment , and I know exactly what I asked .
tr	O	景色令人惊叹，充满活力，并且我惊奇地转向瑞安。
tr	O	她注意到车内变得冰冷，并且感觉到她颤抖，塞萨尔打开了暖气。
tr	I	He elbowed her back , and Hazel elbowed Trenton .
tr	O	一次行动出了问题，并且他责怪自己。
tr	I	Noah starts to talk and I squeeze his hand .
tr	O	他是一个想要什么就能得到什么的人，并且他想要我。
tr	O	他独自一人，并且那没关系。
tr	I	The cloak concealed everything , but I could see now .
tr	O	达克斯总是嘲笑我，但是我认为这是真的。
tr	I	At least communications were improving , but even nearly a week after the earthquake , this place still looked like a bombed-out war zone .
tr	O	他试图带一些人一起走，但是他们似乎都处于恍惚状态。
tr	I	She seemed years older but Della Jasmine may have only been a couple minutes older than Jocelyn .
tr	O	他的嘴唇以一个彻底而美丽的吻吻住了她的，很像他昨晚给她的那个，但是这个不同。
tr	O	他们从其他基地收集了电子邮件，而且那里也没有发生任何重要的事情。
tr	O	现在它正在减弱，并且它就出来了。
tr	I	The transmission would fall out of the car , or as the customer drives onto the street , the car engine would blow up .
tr	I	It filled me with shame , but it was fun .
tr	O	这是对你爷爷所做事情的惩罚，而且现在我也在为此付出代价。
tr	O	他停下来倾听，并且蒂根竖起耳朵。
tr	O	这不仅在宗教上很恰当，但是它有助于建设。
tr	O	皮娅的父亲是英国人，而且她仍然保留着他的一点口音。
tr	I	Anything regarding the Saunders family was dangerous due to Daniel 's condition , and I didn 't really want to discuss the current situation with Robbie .
tr	I	Maybe this was my true destiny , or maybe I wasn 't strong enough .
tr	I	My heart had already started to race and my throat began to burn for her .
tr	I	You can just carry it and I 'll take it off .
tr	I	I watched Noah surreptitiously , and the waitress brought our breakfast .
tr	I	I do know that twenty against one is not fair , but I don 't know much about ghost battles .
tr	I	No sounds came out , but she moved her mouth .
tr	I	He was grey and she was pink .
tr	O	雷克斯去萨默那里，并且坦纳去瑞亚那里。
tr	I	I 'm willing her to calm down and my fingers reach out to squeeze hers .
tr	O	他的客户让他很忙，并且他喜欢那样。
tr	O	路易斯刚收拾好碗碟，并且他正在把碗碟放入洗碗机。
tr	O	我欠他这个，事实上欠他更多，但是现在我所能给他的只有我的倾听。
tr	O	他竟然道歉了，这对他来说已经很不容易了，但是他仍然不在我最爱名单上。
tr	I	A smile followed and his face lit up .
tr	I	Lucien attempted to press his weak form to the wooden panels , and there was a rattle of the doorknob .
tr	O	窗帘开着，并且阳光洒满了房间。
tr	I	I still wasn 't sure how I felt about everything and the last few days had gone by in a blur .
tr	O	她差点打开了门，但是接着走近的人却叫了别人。
tr	I	He texted Julia , hoping she had it , and it was nowhere to be found .
tr	O	我不知道该怎么形容，但是每当她决定探索她的小世界时，我都会感到兴奋。
tr	I	There it is and he pulls me closer to them .
tr	I	Then Nixon burst through , and a knock sounded at the door .
tr	I	It was enough to distract the enemy soldier , but the grenade detonated far right of his target .
tr	I	Adam didn 't seem to be in a hurry but we walked around the building instead of through it .
tr	I	Soon I 'm sliding into those memories and it doesn 't work .
tr	I	In the slit of vision , Nolen stood with his side to them , and one door stood ajar .
tr	O	无线电里偶尔传来指示的吱嘎声，并且远处仍然能听到两辆卡车的声音。
tr	I	I had to look for her , but it hurt like words could not describe .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to delete it .
tr	I	The trees were flowering and shoots were starting to push up from the black earth .
tr	I	There didn 't seem to be any reasonable answers , but he sat for several minutes trying to rationalize his actions .
tr	O	他们都看着他，并且他看着他们。
tr	I	It 's no use but I fight him .
tr	I	He was pleased when the trembling finally disappeared , and Gan continued to walk , leading his horse .
tr	O	他本可以把争执继续下去，但是问题是，布莱克是对的。
tr	I	Then the temperatures plummeted , along with his irritation , and at first it had annoyed him .
tr	O	布莱恩对着他的食物皱起眉头，而且我能感觉到它要来了。
tr	O	那可能会严重延误他的治疗，而且我认为无论多少次与那个放屁治疗师的疗程都无法解决这个问题。
tr	O	她的脚下一滑，并且她滑到了桥边砌筑的挡土墙边缘。
tr	I	Her arms were decorated with large , colorful bangle bracelets , and her neck was adorned with silver chains with crystal pendants .
tr	I	Those dancers are likely to be a part of it and I 'm even more certain that there will be some sort of celebration in your honor .
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，感觉受到了背叛，但是不知道为什么。
tr	I	He was put back inside his shirt , and fresh bandages were applied .
tr	I	Then they showed up at a party , but I thought he was just being a nice guy .
tr	I	He fell , hitting the floor hard and he was unable to control his balance .
tr	O	我抬头看他，并且他眼中的悲伤使我相信他说的是实话。
tr	O	他的喉咙里哽咽着，并且他忍住了眼中涌出的泪水。
tr	O	门轻易地拉开了，并且我往里看了看。
tr	O	我不确定具体的法律，但是杰克最不需要的就是更多的法律麻烦。
tr	I	We always will be , and we were a brotherhood .
tr	I	The other boarders ate quickly before going off on their daily business and I was thankful that breakfast was a brief affair .
tr	O	嗯，我从来没有做过，并且这并不容易。
tr	O	她的声音像融化的黄油一样柔滑，并且她还眨了眨眼，以增加效果。
tr	O	我们的门正对着凯兰的房间，并且他的门微微开着。
tr	I	The one I have least need to worry for , and she 's the one I worry for the most .
tr	I	Will looked upset at the state of the animals , but I wanted to roll my eyes at the whole thing .
tr	O	她才离开了一天多一点，然而，感觉却长了很多，因为发生了太多事。
tr	I	Now he was her loyal companion and she 'd raised him from birth .
tr	I	I didn 't want to , and I couldn 't even imagine life without Rigel now .
tr	I	Her body followed , and the girl 's head fell to the ground .
tr	I	She didn 't step forward , but Erin pushed Jordan 's arm down , willing to listen .
tr	O	我怀疑他是不是我们最明智的外交选择，但是没有其他人提出反对。
tr	O	话已出口，而且我无法重来。
tr	I	She didn 't like herself very much for her possessiveness , but she wasn 't willing to change her relationship with Corinne in any way .
tr	I	This time he could tell she did it with disapproval but efficiency restored in her tone , she rang off again .
tr	I	It didn 't take long for Zohar to spot it and I slid out my freshly shaved leg around the corner .
tr	I	For one split second she thought she saw something impossible , and she gasped for breath .
tr	I	All I could think was what an idiot I was , and my feet pounded against the thick grass with dull thumps .
tr	O	她现在紧紧抓住他，并且他紧紧抱着她。
tr	O	赫尔家族代表团的其他人也没落后多少，但是，在门口，赫尔短暂地停下了。
tr	O	在远处，我听到了一阵轻柔的低语，但是太远了，我无法听清。
tr	O	你可以称它为带把手的长方形柳条篮，或者你可以称它为柳条公文包。
tr	O	囚犯们心中充满仇恨，然而他们中却没有人反抗。
tr	O	我母亲的头向后仰去，并且她发出了清脆的笑声。
tr	O	我和她一样愤怒，但是我没有同样的复仇热情。
tr	I	His father ordered him to go to the far corner with a firm gesture , but once Silas tried to get up to go to the curtain .
tr	I	I raced ahead too , but I had no weapon .
tr	O	这说不通，并且现在他肯定怀疑有诈，他没有抱持布莱恩父亲那样的乐观态度。
tr	O	他的美是严酷的，带着一丝残忍，然而他英俊得令人难以置信。
tr	I	It was better than doing nothing , but it didn 't need done .
tr	O	树叶刚刚开始从树上落下，并且太阳在早晨也出来得更晚了。
tr	I	I wasn 't placing any money on it , but I 'd like the latter to be true .
tr	O	他总是对我们很好，而且我们都和他相处得很好。
tr	O	不幸的事故在海上时有发生，而且通常周围没有人能提供帮助。
tr	I	I watched in guilty wonder , And then the eagle stuck its beak in For the hundred millionth time .
tr	O	我们知道我们中间有很多叛徒，但是出卖一个年轻女孩是很容易的。
tr	I	It was but which probably wouldn 't be so bad if it wasn 't the only tune in her life .
tr	I	I do , almost certain that I mean it , and he pauses , waiting for me to nod .
tr	I	I knew he was getting ready to feed , and his hands were glowing .
tr	O	她感觉到身后的女孩们不安地挪动着，并且当她睁开眼睛时，克劳迪娅正刻意地看向别处。
tr	I	He jerked back , raising his fist as if he were going to punch me , too , but I touched his elbow .
tr	I	She wished he could at least try to guess , but Isla thought that was a good way to go .
tr	O	莱桑德的身体紧绷，并且他的眼睛眯了起来。
tr	I	She appeared out of the corner of my vision , and the voice belonged to Dr. Kells .
tr	I	I knew it was my turn , and then she gave me the nod .
tr	O	查尔斯在医院门口接我，并且我回家收拾整理。
tr	I	The arrows didn 't stop , but picking herself up , Lea continued .
tr	O	他打开收音机，并且一首她从未听过的慢歌开始播放。
tr	O	说我可能会在这里找到你，或者更确切地说，你会找到我。
tr	I	I had a plan , but thinking about seeing him tonight made me nervous .
tr	O	我想丹尼尔和我都非常了解彼此。
tr	O	这种恶习总会赢，并且我总会收支平衡。
tr	I	I think it is up around New York , but I 'm not sure exactly where in America that is .
tr	I	I won 't do that to you , but I wish I could ... tell you everything .
tr	I	I felt awful for putting him through this , and I knew he had to be suffering too .
tr	I	He tried to sit up , only to fall back again , and Goliath 's eyes opened .
tr	I	He would not leave Ty behind , but this was a truly shitty situation .
tr	O	我的父亲为此而死，并且它不见了。
tr	I	It was just too embarrassing , but raking his hands through his hair , he tried to think of who to call .
tr	O	它很痛，并且我哭了出来。
tr	I	He lost the feeling in his left wing , and much to his surprise , both arrows easily pierced his underside .
tr	O	我也不。我想要，但是做不到。
tr	O	我问道，向舞台点了点头，心想我不如和某人说说话，并且他看起来足够有趣。
tr	O	他们中有些人正在进行着微妙的对话，但是那个高的仍然只是盯着我。
tr	O	他们从这里开始的，但是这场屠杀表明他们不会停止，直到整个皇室被彻底消灭。
tr	I	His eyes dropped to her chest , and he frowned , thinking it was getting harder to tell which parts of a woman were real .
tr	O	血仍然从我嘴里滴出来，并且那气味在我鼻子下如此强烈。
tr	I	I scooted closer to Evan 's chair , leaning against the space next to his legs , and there was another low giggle behind me .
tr	I	I smirked , and muttered Iris .
tr	I	There was a bit of hope mingled with her repugnance , but Jasmine grimaced at the sight .
tr	O	凛冽的微风差点把她吹倒在地，并且她赶紧转过身去，发现托马斯被雾气笼罩着。
tr	O	我围着毛巾觉得他更好看，但是我没打算抱怨。
tr	O	我弓起背，努力索取亚历克更多的吻，但是他没有给。
tr	I	He would have left nothing at all behind and it would have been a much better firing position .
tr	I	I owe him big time , and you 've done more than your bit bro .
tr	O	他习惯了被人盯着看，但是那不代表他喜欢。
tr	O	它没有散发出热量，但是他们说如果你碰它，你会被烫伤。
tr	I	Every time I try to remove it , the pattern changes , but the noise seems to follow a certain pattern .
tr	O	微笑从波普的脸上退去，并且他的气场立刻变得更令人望而生畏。
tr	I	Miss Molly tightened her hold , but she tried to pull away .
tr	O	我解开瓶盖时手指在颤抖，并且我倒了一杯水，然后把水和瓶子都端给了哈林。
tr	I	I love them for that , and they 're trying to make me feel better .
tr	O	我说，并且他笑了。
tr	O	我不完全明白为什么，但是它就是看起来那么...错。
tr	I	Her body didn 't move , but she tried shaking herself awake .
tr	O	气味会太浓烈，并且托尼会想把他的午餐从胃里吐出来。
tr	O	他在我的信用卡上刷了一大笔钱，但是我真的不在乎。
tr	I	I shake my head , and he pauses , like he 's waiting for me to answer .
tr	I	If something happens we 'll let you know , but we 'll be silent most of the time .
tr	O	乔西没有回应，并且她急忙跑下地铁，感到很尴尬。
tr	O	再次，有一个异样的动静，但是当她看过去时，什么都没有。
tr	I	I knew I was right , but I didn 't even know who ' they ' was .
tr	I	With their reflective visors down , the effect was lost , but Beck scowled at Vogel .
tr	O	一股魔法力量在她的掌心汇聚，并且她向他射出了一道魔法束。
tr	O	完成那个壮举的最佳时机是她失去意识的时候，但是他无法证明此举的合理性。
tr	I	The absence of pain was pure ecstasy , and he seemed to be alone .
tr	I	I knew the real reason was that I was too cowardly to say it out loud , but I told myself this .
tr	O	每个人都转向我，并且我又给整组人拍了一张合影。
tr	O	有些人两个人睡一张床，但是孩子们却不在乎。
tr	O	我来处理她的访客通行证，并且我们在女更衣室换衣服。
tr	I	The shades are drawn , but it 's daylight out .
tr	I	I force myself to quiet down , and he shoots a cautious look at the door .
tr	O	他觉得他一定在某个时候打了个盹，但是他大部分时间都在数着无尽的分钟，直到能和劳拉在一起。
tr	I	My need was great but I didn 't like to do it .
tr	I	I couldn 't bring myself to do more , and she was dead , no longer a threat .
tr	I	He wondered who it was and someone was there with her .
tr	O	我的胃不安地猛地一沉，并且一阵恶心袭来。
tr	O	我的家人在岛上很有名，并且明，怎么说呢，就是明。
tr	I	He had no right to take his bad mood out on his little brother , but that hardly answered his question .
tr	I	Her thighs small and his hands were big .
tr	O	他很快就需要充电，但是他会在到时候再担心这件事。
tr	I	He was sure she was asleep and Stephan waited until her breathing deepened .
tr	O	当然，没有什么能永恒，但是相对的稳定性已经为重要的研究提供了足够的时间。
tr	O	这个念头如此恶毒，让他感到肠胃翻腾，并且他开始跑起来。
tr	I	He couldn 't let her see him , but he hated to walk away .
tr	O	她是对的，并且他知道。
tr	I	No one did mysterious better than Sean , and they wanted an exotic experience with a mysterious man .
tr	I	The savory goodness slid once more into her mouth and she opened .
tr	I	Her vulnerability right now smote his heart , and he 'd admired her strong spirit all along .
tr	O	“谋杀”这个词在我耳边萦绕，并且突然间感觉有人在用手指戳我的喉咙。
tr	I	His eyes were unreadable and his jaw was set .
tr	I	Milo had been working on and Alex regretted not showing his dad the scripts he .
tr	I	Della stepped out of my arms to look back at me and a knock on the door broke into my thoughts .
tr	O	盐的咸味刺激着她的鼻孔，并且海洋空气的密度充满了她的肺部。
tr	O	我能完成这次跳跃，但是那可能会杀了你。
tr	O	拉奎尔是个奖学金生，但是那样的人只有少数。
tr	O	他的父母要求那样，但是吉兹莫认为那是又一次巨大的时间浪费。
tr	I	Men 's bodies were all around him and flames flickered .
tr	I	He quashed it just as fast as it appeared but a look of shock flashed across Mountbatten 's face .
tr	O	凯尔和她一起在里面，就在走廊里，但是卡西迪想让他更近些。
tr	O	战争才刚刚开始，并且它已经被这个世界所接受。
tr	O	我有一个卓越的头脑，并且我能想明白事情。
tr	O	她因突然的动作差点从床上摔下来，但是他搂住她的腰，保护性地抱着她。
tr	O	它的眼睛是黑色的，并且一绺脏兮兮的黑发从它的头皮一直垂到背部。
tr	O	怒火中烧，并且大地因芬的怒火而颤抖。
tr	O	他们自己制作玉米饼，并且据爸爸说，他很懂这些，他们提供山谷里最好的嫩玉米粉蒸肉。
tr	I	I eased the truck into second gear to negotiate the turn and we approached the turn on to OK Mill Road .
tr	O	我的心率立刻又加快了，但是我努力假装一切正常。
tr	O	后面的那个人有一把枪，并且他正把它指向前面那个人！
tr	O	我不确定……，但是听起来像威尔士语。
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I didn 't want to be jealous of her .
tr	O	他背上的草痒得要命，并且那些叮咬他脸的苍蝇加强了攻击。
tr	O	她绝不会，永远不会大声说出来，但是她会付出一切来拥有一个真正的家庭。
tr	I	It never will be , and that 's not me .
tr	I	Pat glared at her and the door swung open .
tr	I	Inside , she was a complete wreck but Katherine started laughing with her dear friend .
tr	I	The electronic beep of the lock filled the night and the sound of Gregor 's car door slamming shut .
tr	O	他们可以设计出在我手中活过来的梦幻武器，但是他们将永远不能再给我洗脑，让我觉得有必要使用它们。
tr	O	他沉默了很久，但是她在他的威慑性审视下没有动摇。
tr	I	Cooper refused to give up , but Katherine still didn 't breathe .
tr	O	他伤口的疼痛，已因明显的感染而从内部开始灼烧，消退了，并且伤口缓慢地闭合了。
tr	I	He had known Charlotte almost as long as I had , and Liam had always been a great friend .
tr	O	他看向那个推搡过他的国会议员，并且那个人指向了众议院议长。
tr	O	她站了起来，并且她的笑容明亮起来。
tr	I	His body was clamoring for her and she was offering herself up to him .
tr	O	一家人在雪松山中心举行了一场正式派对庆祝，并且他看起来很好。
tr	O	微波炉叮地响了一声，并且她小心翼翼地取出了她的松饼。
tr	I	Kenny could tell she wasn 't happy , but her voice ended on an up note .
tr	O	他对其他步骤也如法炮制，并且很快他就得意洋洋地和莉莉·安在顶端会合了。
tr	O	莎拉去了丹的摊位，并且他走过来迎接她。
tr	I	He pressed his lips to my forehead , and I nodded .
tr	O	我有一个朋友在哥伦比亚大学读研究生，那是凯鲁亚克的老根据地，并且他曾答应要给我找些女人。
tr	O	他自去年以来长高了，但是不及我长得那么多。他的头发更像深栗色。
tr	O	走进那间堆满回忆的房子仍然不容易，但是为了他妹妹，他愿意硬着头皮。
tr	I	I tried to lunge at her again , failing completely , but I didn 't know who had me by the arms .
tr	I	Michael felt his stomach plunge , and Carl slowly shook his head .
tr	I	The engine caught with a roar , and Tom cranked the truck 's starter .
tr	I	He lowered his eyes and his cheeks went pink .
tr	I	He shot her a goofy grin , and mom cleared her throat .
tr	O	两人都是非常美丽的女人，但是苏西让他惊艳不已。
tr	O	艾莉用刀砍向我，并且我那条断腿受到了一道很深的伤口。
tr	I	Barry started up the engine , and Wanda slammed the door .
tr	O	她也曾求助，并且他那时也不知道该怎么办。
tr	I	It didn 't stop me from hearing their final words , but Aiden turned , using his body to shield mine .
tr	I	The car begins to move and the divider goes back down .
tr	O	黑衣人站在火堆旁，并且炽热的余烬在他的脸上形成图案。
tr	I	The men trying to escape into the water were quickly sucked away with the boats and there was no cover on the bare beaches .
tr	O	第十章我们都知道那会到来，但是纳森却为此多了一百倍的恐惧。
tr	O	她不认为他打算把他们的婚姻保密，然而他也从未特意把她介绍给周围的人。
tr	I	I quickly looked away and she was watching me .
tr	O	实际上他只是一个熟人，但是极端危险会导致快速晋升，众所周知。
tr	O	她走进了教堂，并且教堂并没有倒塌。
tr	I	They saw , and they looked .
tr	I	He couldn 't find the words , but he wanted to do more , to say more .
tr	I	In the third one there were also a number of cloth bags , but the second was just like the first .
tr	O	我就是做不到，并且接着就几乎太晚了。
tr	I	Some fruit snacks to eat and Jacob had a juice box .
tr	I	She was finding him hard to resist , but logically , she wished it were otherwise .
tr	I	It felt like two hundred , but when we got into the last month of my pregnancy , I 'd only gained twenty seven pounds .
tr	I	She felt the slight shifting of the bed where she was lying , but the music continued .
tr	I	Her chest was constricting but she tried to breathe .
tr	I	Of all the possible reactions ; that was not what I 'd expected from the Storm Lord , and I watched him cry .
tr	I	A high score was important , and there were only so many spots open for new innkeepers .
tr	I	I 'm wondering where he is and he hasn 't turned up yet .
tr	I	You are helping her find a new guy , and you are Holly Isles 's new best friend ?
tr	I	He would never have the chance to prove his worth again , and all his schemes through the months of waiting faded into futility .
tr	I	Other parts of the world became much more interesting , and when their raiding parties started encountering the legions , however , their piety began to cool .
tr	O	另一位科学家离开了，并且我和瑞安留了下来。
tr	I	I love being here , for now and I love this place .
tr	O	我们跳了几个小时的舞，并且围观者慢慢地围了过来，对我品头论足，却未曾听我说过一句话。
tr	I	I refuse to make the same mistake twice , and I acted like a complete idiot to make you leave .
tr	O	他听到了这些话，但是他无法在脑海中完全理解它们。
tr	I	I 'm on vacation and I just finished one .
tr	I	She seems genuinely surprised , and she asks .
tr	I	Everyone had individual preparations to make , and we planned on leaving tomorrow .
tr	I	It had failed to do so , but Anton had hoped that his visit with his family would raise his spirits .
tr	O	它们很快着火了，并且火焰跃向黑暗的天空。
tr	I	He had been distant , but he had looked the epitome of health as she went off to work .
tr	I	She did , but she hated to poke him again .
tr	O	已经四天了，但是我的头痛从未减轻。
tr	O	现在他的卧室里睡着一个女人，并且尽管他下了所有该死的命令，她却掌握着所有的权力。
tr	I	I still can 't seem to breathe , but I firmly press one of my hands against it as I try to calm down .
tr	I	I feel it all the way down to my toes and he chuckles .
tr	I	He makes his own decisions , and he 's a grown man .
tr	I	He ran his tongue over the entrance to her mouth , and his grip on her hip tightened .
tr	O	她在他的床上，但是他却没有和她在一起。
tr	O	微弱的月光在一张横跨马路的网状物上闪烁，并且我们发现铁丝网时急刹车停了下来。
tr	I	I loved sitting under the ash trees there and this is the largest of the university gardens .
tr	I	He felt he had worked in worse conditions while fighting in the west , but it wasn 't perfect .
tr	I	I 'm the exact opposite and he 's Mr. Perfect .
tr	I	Apparel that had not been there earlier would undoubtedly heighten the interest of those watching them , and additional searches of their room were to be expected .
tr	I	I don 't turn the engine over , but I stick my keys in the ignition .
tr	I	I was no longer content and the year everything had changed .
tr	O	我不知道她的前两个愿望是什么，但是她的最后一个愿望是死亡。
tr	I	It toppled to the floor with a clatter , and he kicked the stool out of his way .
tr	O	我能看到你眼中的痛苦，并且它似乎在你所做的每件事上都束缚着你。
tr	I	Tears slip from my eyes , and he covers my mouth with his hand roughly .
tr	I	Her whole future could possibly depend upon these next few days , and she got the feeling he was serious about her .
tr	O	我知它道是空的，但是我仍然不想搬它。
tr	O	不，她不是它，但是暂时，她能应付。
tr	I	I did it to him , and I know exactly how it feels to be hated .
tr	I	He was several feet away in milliseconds and Jericho 's hands dropped from my face .
tr	I	Mary Jane Mayfair was with him , and Ryan was standing beside the bed .
tr	I	One of the only ones left in existence , and he was a son of the Silver moon .
tr	O	她的脸会变得通红，并且她会迅速转过身去。
tr	I	I killed the bastard and until I fought back .
tr	I	I was accustomed to pain , and I was a warrior .
tr	I	She couldn 't deal with losing it now and she 'd never had that before meeting him .
tr	O	他又推了一下，并且整个墙壁旋转起来，直到有足够他通过的空间。
tr	I	She met his eyes and his tone was sharp .
tr	I	Father beat me for being naughty and I was suspended for a week .
tr	I	He got in the car and I hopped off the hood .
tr	I	His looks suggested one of the Middle East countries , but the name on the guest register was J. L. Smith .
tr	I	It kind of just hung there , but he put his arm around me .
tr	I	His always won out , and we didn 't have the same interests .
tr	O	无论是谁做的，那人肯定是一百分，因为科尔伯特的团队与此无关，或者他就会告诉我。
tr	O	他喘着粗气，并且他的眼睛很模糊。
tr	I	Even that doesn 't seem strong enough , and I love him .
tr	O	德雷克一定看到我脸色发白，当我的下巴紧绷着，并且我的手指牢牢地缠绕着剑柄时。
tr	I	She seemed to be having a good time and I caught glimpses of her talking to other people .
tr	I	When she had nightmares , she did the same thing , and she 'd learned to keep her screams silent , internal .
tr	O	她关掉了车灯，并且我们被黑暗笼罩。
tr	O	我想让你知道我不相信他们写的那一套鬼话，但是读起来确实很有趣。
tr	I	I could feel the blood rise to my cheeks , and he tucked me into his side with a grin .
tr	I	Lake caught her from behind , but she would have launched herself at Shay , attacked him all over again .
tr	O	周围堆满了倒塌的碎片，并且我不知道从何开始。
tr	I	The pain was like lightning shattering the dark , and he shook her with both his hands .
tr	I	It was only the main pendant that was left and most of the old chain had dissolved away into the solution .
tr	I	I nodded at him , and Cecil came up behind Benson .
tr	I	It prompted me to continue , and his eyes were full of a fierce pride .
tr	O	保罗手中晃动的枪是一把贝雷塔半自动手枪，而且格雷迪一想到楼里孩子的数量就不寒而栗。
tr	I	She was in one of thousands of rooms dotted across the wall , but Mira didn 't know the architecture of this strange place .
tr	I	I think what most likely would happen is that at least part of the cave system would collapse , but I can 't say for a fact .
tr	O	他知道，并且你知道。
tr	I	I allowed it for a few steps and he pulled again .
tr	I	Michael often wondered what went through her head at that moment , and that brief hesitation had become her ritual .
tr	I	Sharmila speaks up before me , but I start to tell the others .
tr	I	He pulled her back into the hard frame of his body , and the palm of his hand slipped gently over her mouth .
tr	I	We stopped just in front of the Central Hub , and we were back in the lab now .
tr	I	Although Fannin had succeeded in transporting a fair number of slaves , he had continued to carry significant debts , and mims had financed the scheme .
tr	O	他的目光与我的目光相遇，并且有一瞬间，我确信他会离开。
tr	I	My stomach reminded me of its urgent needs and I stuck out my tongue at him .
tr	I	He did so every week , and he always ordered her love potion .
tr	O	我们分享了一桶爆米花，并且我们开玩笑地争抢着那盒Milk Duds。
tr	I	It seems like he really likes having me here and we got to talk a good bit this morning .
tr	I	He really didn 't seem to give a shit what anyone thought about it and the man was sailing down a dangerous path .
tr	I	Then Apollo moved his head so that he blocked him , but over his shoulder , I saw Aiden move toward us .
tr	I	That made me smile and she must have killed a lot of leaches to get here .
tr	O	他的跛行可能是我造成的，但是我不是导致它发生的人。
tr	I	Her lips brushed over his throat , and she leaned up on her toes .
tr	I	His brows rose and he picked up another piece of paper .
tr	O	预料到他会呼吸急促，并且肋部会感到一阵剧痛，正如他平时过度劳累时那样。
tr	O	光线消失了，并且盒子关上了。
tr	I	I 'd even thrown the bedspread back across the mattress , and I 'd picked the clothes off the floor a couple of days earlier .
tr	O	男孩正在享受讲故事，但是提醒他他只是个男孩会让他泄气。
tr	O	他看起来像骨头一样坚固，并且像一个没人想惹的人。
tr	I	I 'm not desperate but I might be divorced .
tr	I	It 's giving me a headache and she 's messing with my head .
tr	O	我几天没和她说话了，但是每当她有任何关于黛拉的消息时，她总会打电话。
tr	I	She had little saliva to spare , but she would have spat at him .
tr	O	你知道孤独，并且我喜欢那样。
tr	O	我以前不能告诉你，但是移民局把我送到了中国。
tr	O	他甚至没有问路，而且他就这样不请自来地到了我家。
tr	I	He held up a hand , but I swung back toward him .
tr	I	I just have a couple of questions and you 're the last on my list .
tr	I	If there comes a time when he is not sweet to me , I will deal with it , and he is sweet to me .
tr	I	It worked for her , and she wasn 't quite as heavily armored as I was .
tr	O	他开始追着它跑，并且那个男人转向了他的女人。
tr	I	His exclamation sifted silence over the rest of the room , and he said .
tr	O	它褪色到我几乎看不清了，但是我明白了她在上面做标记是在做什么。
tr	O	学习对他们来说最容易的，并且你就能应付过去。
tr	O	他已尽其所能温柔地传达了消息，然而温柔并没有减轻打击。
tr	O	他已经削弱了它，但是这是他们谁也无法完全阻止的事情。
tr	O	我们已经离开了那里，但是在我们上车之前，我听到了乔·托尔森市长的闭幕词。
tr	I	Their canvases torn , and the works were scattered along the stairways , their frames broken beyond repair .
tr	I	Then her entire hand was on fire , and a tiny spark flew from her fingertips .
tr	O	伤口很深，而且他无法为她消除它们。
tr	I	The force of his will won , as it always did , but she detested the contents , her body striving to reject it .
tr	O	当他在我梦中触碰我时，我全身的力气都瓦解了，而且我又一次感觉到自己被他的网缠住了。
tr	I	They brought her back , but some kind of spell .
tr	I	I know that I need to , but sometimes I find it hard to walk .
tr	O	水很凉，我仍然觉得冷，所以我没打算进去。
tr	I	You make the rules and the way I see it , you are the king .
tr	O	他们曾献出生命来救我们，并且我想报答这一点。
tr	I	He thought he should be offended by that , but he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	Now they were at my house indefinitely and they 'd packed a bag for Dani .
tr	I	It isn 't mocking , but he 's grinning now .
tr	I	Finding no force moving against them , but the mages were sweeping .
tr	O	山姆对那会是什么有点想法，但是他会让布伦特自己去发现。
tr	O	我环顾四周，并且她正站在我脸旁，眼里含着泪水，轻轻摇晃着我的肩膀。
tr	I	They squeezed into the back seat with a couple of other officers and the sergeant yielded that point .
tr	I	I had to let go of his hand to silence it and my phone chose that second to buzz .
tr	O	一个头在她上方出现了一会儿，但是接着它就消失了，紧接着又是一声水花。
tr	I	I hoped that would be my only chastisement for my tardiness , and Jack shot me an irritated glance .
tr	I	It excited him and he could smell it oozing from the bodies around him .
tr	I	Some looked barely older than us , which I suppose made sense , and the number seemed to vary .
tr	O	又有轻柔的东西碰触到我，并且这让我的皮肤收缩了。
tr	I	She tightened her arms around his neck more securely and her eyelids fluttered closed .
tr	O	当她大声朗读时，她忘记了整个世界，并且她周围的现实比她正在读的东西还要遥远。
tr	I	I glowed inside , and he laughed .
tr	I	Cynthia waved him off , but the waiter was walking toward us .
tr	I	His eyes watered as he watched Zane , but he covered his mouth to stop the snickering .
tr	O	生命中很少有东西能触动他了，并且他承认他喜欢那样。
tr	O	他笑了，试着摆出自豪的表情，但是结果却很尴尬。
tr	O	她很漂亮，并且她似乎对杰克很着迷。
tr	I	The truth of them wrenched her heart , but Iseo 's words sounded logical , when she said them out loud .
tr	I	It looks like the North Korean strain may be worse than projected and I got a communication from the CDC while I was back there .
tr	I	All the pieces are lined up in perfect symmetry , and there 's a chessboard on the coffee table .
tr	O	烧又回来了，而且我感到在一个男人都不希望感受到的地方有一种搏动性的疼痛。
tr	I	I had to go home , but I wished our story could have ended differently .
tr	O	奇怪的是，橡树妈妈显得很自豪，而且埃德蒙正在点头。
tr	I	Probe would take everything , or I knew I would have to give up everything .
tr	O	我有自己的孩子，并且我喜欢教他们。
tr	I	It sounded horrible and Eva had something all planned out .
tr	I	I climb up his back and he places his head down .
tr	I	He tried to contain the fabulous beams they may evoke , and he felt a surge of light in his large shaking hands .
tr	I	She 'd never seen him looking like this , but okay , she knew he was on vacation .
tr	I	The floor was thumping , and I walked inside as the music was blaring .
tr	I	God only knew what was in there , and I rarely cleaned it out .
tr	O	涉事大门在他的地图上亮了起来，并且一条行进路线从他当前位置被点亮了。
tr	I	She didn 't even sleep in Liam 's bed and they were married .
tr	O	他现在确实叹了口气，但是他没有争辩。
tr	O	他不会参加艾伦的葬礼，即使就在街对面，并且没有危险。
tr	O	他等着她，而且她不情愿地赶上了。
tr	O	想象一种奢侈的生活很有趣，但是过这种生活似乎需要做大量的工作。
tr	I	I 'm strong and I 'm fit .
tr	I	I remained in this place , but I took a step back , hoping to return .
tr	O	我确实把你当朋友，并且我不想让你陷入危险。
tr	I	His eyes were ringed with dark circles , and he could use a shave , too .
tr	I	They talked as though they knew how we felt , but they hadn 't lived through what we did .
tr	O	他甚至可能擅长这个，但是我才是死神真正的女儿。
tr	O	我知道他不太愿意问杜克我们听到的事情，但是我已不在乎了。
tr	O	我的手自动地移向胸口，但是项链已不在那里。
tr	O	一声深深的呻吟声在他体内隆隆作响，并且千万种情感在我内心爆发。
tr	I	My eyebrows knit themselves together in dismay and he says pleasantly .
tr	I	We 've broken up , and I 've told Grant .
tr	O	他呻吟着，并且我笑了。
tr	I	All of it boxed , and Clutter filled one side of the garage , though more neatly arranged .
tr	I	That 's what I needed right now , control , and I was back in control .
tr	O	他们沉溺于彼此之中，试图忘却面临的威胁，但是现实生活无法被长期忽视。
tr	O	你害怕钢铁精怪，并且你不想卷入其中。
tr	O	德文并不是很喜欢，但是最好在这里见面，而不是在某个舒适的地方……某个离布伦南近的地方。
tr	I	By God , he 'd spent the last years making sure she was protected , and Jane needed one person to count on .
tr	O	当她的手机响时，她以为会看到乔丹的名字，但是却是汉娜。
tr	O	摆在他面前的任务并不陌生，但是熟悉并不等同于舒适。
tr	I	For a minute , I thought he might follow me all the way to the wash closet , and Dr. Wilson was happy to let me in .
tr	I	When I presented myself in the office , he instructed me to take a seat , and my commanding officer requested a meeting .
tr	O	我点点头，为惹恼他感到抱歉，并且我在桌下握住他的手。
tr	O	他设法拍我的后脑勺，并且我们扯平了，仍然笑着。
tr	O	他的声音真诚，并且他的目光坚定不移。
tr	O	罗伯特对着窗外皱眉，但是他不能责怪他们。
tr	I	She sobbed once , and her voice cracked .
tr	I	It had a small control panel on its wide barrel , yet there was a trigger in the traditional gun position .
tr	O	我最终会伤害哈洛，并且我不能那样做。
tr	I	I could hear Marcus 's sucking breaths from where I was standing and Bax lifted the pillow up .
tr	I	I locked the door and I carried them over to the bathroom .
tr	I	I wasn 't hungry but my stomach felt hollow .
tr	I	She warmed her arms and she pulled her arms in front of her chest .
tr	I	I liked to name things anyway , but I wasn 't necessarily a scientist .
tr	I	They didn 't notice , but their lips met again as their bedroom door opened .
tr	I	He had full confidence that Brice would follow his orders perfectly and Robert had planned for this .
tr	O	他们没有任何线索，一点都没有，并且等待是最糟糕的部分。
tr	I	I howled in sudden blazing pain as they yanked me face first into cold water and fishing hooks jumped out of the journal into my soft eyes .
tr	O	拉妮咯咯地笑了，并且我笑了。
tr	I	He wasn 't going to give up without a struggle , but she might be big .
tr	I	I can 't let myself think he 's my friend , but it 's nice to finally have someone to talk to .
tr	I	I know there are two undercover detectives in there , but I can 't see very well inside the window .
tr	O	他的脚步突然停了下来，并且我的目光与他相遇。
tr	O	这位中尉看起来非常平静和镇定，与他之前的行为截然相反。
tr	I	He would follow that directive to the letter , and we 'd told him not to say anything .
tr	I	You 're the only person I can think of to ask and I need some help .
tr	I	She had no more tears , but Mary Ellen wanted to cry .
tr	O	他想介绍我们，但是现在我可以自我介绍了。
tr	O	这次你不仅不必要地让自己处于极大的危险中，而且你也让一位鬼牌同伴处于危险之中。
tr	O	珍妮从来没有怎么想过UFO，但是这并不是她会预料到的。
tr	O	浓郁的味道唤醒了我的味蕾，并且我感到有点头晕。
tr	O	肯尼迪知道他不应该问，但是他被乔的态度困扰到无法克制自己。
tr	O	她感到德鲁的手臂环抱着她，并且她被拽向沙发。
tr	O	他只打过一次电话，而且那是为了告诉她他本周余下的时间会太忙而无法通话。
tr	O	妈妈递给他一块湿布，并且他小心翼翼地擦着脸。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why and the very word made my heart pound .
tr	I	I heard the tent flap slap back and I grunted , then giggled , then wrapped my arms around Ghost who squirmed .
tr	I	It had a life of its own but I meant to sanitize my response .
tr	O	她向我倒下，但是其他手臂抓住了她，试图救她，把她的手从我的手中拉开。
tr	I	She suspected it always would and a part of her continued to grieve .
tr	I	After only a few steps he called out a few words Jason couldn 't understand , but he was considerably slower than she was .
tr	O	他转过头，并且我能感觉到他的不确定。
tr	O	这显然不是一个令人满意的答案，但是它必须将就。
tr	I	I hope he has , but I can 't tell if he 's listened to my message yet .
tr	I	We 're itching to do it and we have to make the change .
tr	O	她没有他预料的那么老，但是他无法准确说出她的年龄。
tr	O	墙上的刻痕是更好的时间衡量标准，并且通过它们她知道自己已经离开了四个行星日。
tr	O	我的意思是她额头冒着汗，并且仅仅说了这几句话她就听起来气喘吁吁。
tr	O	他眼中闪过一丝奇异的光芒，并且接着他推开了墙。
tr	O	卡西迪呻吟着站了起来，但是她的手臂立刻环住了迭戈。
tr	O	克莱茫然地看着她，希望能化解她明显的嫉妒，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	She died within an hour , and she took three steps before she collapsed in convulsions .
tr	I	I could tell that he was going to throw this game and Ethan 's eyes veered toward the stairs .
tr	I	You 're safe with me , but I know that 's not going to be easy .
tr	O	他抛弃了我们的爱情，并且我因此而心碎。
tr	I	Wars were breaking out everywhere and the planet was overwhelmed by a population exceeding nine billion .
tr	I	She wouldn 't let him pass , but Marlon said .
tr	I	The bitter taste of milky tea flooded into her mouth , and a door opened in her mind .
tr	O	一道闪电再次进入她的余光，并且她转过身看到有人朝他们跑来，从南边的一排树后出现。
tr	I	His voice was too low to be heard over Dominick 's , but Preston answered .
tr	O	这是我能想到的第一句话，并且我意识到我的论点完全错了。
tr	I	They did , and he roared .
tr	I	The maw of dark , silent countryside opened up and the last buildings of the urban area dropped away .
tr	I	She wasn 't afraid to hurt me , and she would not hold back .
tr	I	Charlotte did not choose you , but I know you expected to be the Gerard .
tr	O	这种模式重复了大约五次，并且再次，一片寂静。
tr	I	She was lost , and Julienne turned her head to capture his lips .
tr	O	泪水涌上她的睫毛，并且她迅速擦去了它们。
tr	I	This was far worse than anything she ever could have imagined , but Devon had said that it was painful to have blood drained against your will .
tr	I	He gave her a half smile , that unreadable , closed-off expression vanishing , and his eyes rose to her face .
tr	I	She hid a smile , and he flushed .
tr	I	She had , but Amber wasn 't sure if Mrs. Dawson noticed his hesitation .
tr	O	很少有人把它们锁起来，并且甚至有些人把钥匙留在点火器里。
tr	O	他总是帮助别人，并且他自己也需要休息。
tr	O	他们知道，并且他们容易受到那种知识的危害。
tr	O	当麦克登机后，她所要做的就是按下一个按钮，并且他们就会出发了。
tr	O	我妈妈是一名美容师，并且她让我参加选美比赛。
tr	I	Together they watched through the window as he started his truck , and she gestured to indicate Isaac .
tr	O	卢卡斯将剑刺得更深时，怪物痛苦地尖叫，并且野兽倒下时，他感到它沉甸甸的身体压在他身上。
tr	I	I never looked back , but as I did so , I could hear everyone yelling my name .
tr	O	我们的嘴唇在半空中相遇，而且这种连接激发出排山倒海般的欲望。
tr	O	有些事情我完全搞不懂，但是我想当你刚到一个新城市时，这正是会发生的事情。
tr	O	电梯打开了，并且他走了进去。
tr	I	She lost her breath and he drove into her .
tr	O	她讨厌买菜，但是她已经把它拖延到现在变得很紧急的地步了。
tr	O	我被送到了皇家北岸医院的重症监护室，并且我在那里住了三周。
tr	O	我爱他，但是他在某些方面让我感到恐惧。
tr	I	A large hole appeared in a tank on the other side of the room and there was an explosion .
tr	I	I did not know from where the words came out and I said without fearing .
tr	I	She was looking at Lea with those deep amber eyes and Lea started to feel shy with the girl , especially when she was so beautiful .
tr	O	星期一通常很安静，而且今晚，星期二，通常也相当安静，尽管你从今晚的情况看不出来。
tr	O	杰夫只在被问到问题时才开口说话，并且莎拉没怎么问问题。
tr	I	We waited for the two miners to emerge from the cloud and by now I could barely see the dugout entrance for yellow dust .
tr	I	I answer him anyway , but okay , this part is definitely illegal .
tr	O	他紧握着桌边直到他的皮肤变白，并且他带着一种超然的情绪看着自己的皮肤变得更苍白。
tr	O	塔拉知道她很漂亮而且每个人都喜欢她。
tr	O	它从我身上滑过，并且我颤抖。
tr	I	Agent Briggs came in , carrying a thin file and a door to his left opened .
tr	I	Her mind was not on their upcoming shopping trip yet she was sitting in Starbucks waiting for Lauren .
tr	O	塔隆不喜欢被人指使，但是在这种情况下他别无选择。
tr	O	我用手肘撑起身子，并且我的内脏剧痛。
tr	I	She picked it up and the phone rang again .
tr	O	伯顿将军去打高尔夫了，并且我独享办公室。
tr	I	Noelle found herself staring at them and a masculine smile curved his lips .
tr	I	The place looked devastated , and the storm had stilled .
tr	I	After a while some of those black employees threw in with us and many of the white owned businesses in River Sunday had black employees .
tr	I	I 've come to have serious doubts about what she 's up to and I 've been going out with Laurel Hamilton .
tr	O	我捂住脸，并且接着咯咯的笑声响起了。
tr	I	The Guard followed in steady ranks as his command shifted forward , and the Emperor himself turned towards the fishing huts , just taken .
tr	O	你告诉我，并且我就会满意。
tr	O	她不确定那是什么，但是她过去几周几乎每晚都做那个梦。
tr	I	That didn 't make it any less true , but it might have been one of the great tragedies of my universe .
tr	I	I hadn 't thrown them up in time , and well , my hands had been full .
tr	O	蒂姆离开了办公室，出门时还对我皱眉，但是他的怒气不足以与迈伦彻底决裂。
tr	O	史蒂夫用特氟龙胶带在小瓶上制作了一个额外的密封，并且他们在将小瓶从密封环境中取出之前清洗了它。
tr	O	基顿从后面接近了他，并且从第三人称视角看着他童年时的克里斯被夺走，这甚至更令人恐惧。
tr	O	它被列为她的号码，但是当他回拨时，没有回应。
tr	O	他手在我脖子上的安抚性按压似乎减轻了我的一些恐惧，但是还有很多恐惧依然存在。
tr	I	She could almost see him smiling through the darkness and she heard him scratch at his hair .
tr	I	That 's just how Ella is , but she asks , seeming a little nervous .
tr	I	He saw now that she had a dark wooden cane tipped in gold , and she lifted one hand .
tr	O	小小的钻石耳坠垂挂在她的耳垂上，并且一个银色吊坠静卧在她胸前。
tr	I	For a moment , her vision seemed to clear , and she leaned further over the railing .
tr	I	Once I had the thought of reptiles in my head I could not get rid of them , and they were not exactly uncommon out this way .
tr	I	His eyes flickered golden and she looked up at him .
tr	O	外面风大很冷，并且我的裸露的双臂上起了鸡皮疙瘩。
tr	I	I sat up , my heart tripping , and my eyes flew to Torin 's house .
tr	I	It swings in perfect silence , but I was worried an old door would creak .
tr	I	She couldn 't move away , but she laughed , feeing ridiculous .
tr	I	I believed V would help weed out the less agreeable portion of the vampire population , but you may think me callous .
tr	O	当然，它遵循相同的路径，但是那条路径总是在变化。
tr	O	上校问道，我站在他身边，肩膀耷拉着，想要一支烟，但是又不敢像他那样大胆。
tr	O	热水瞬间开始流淌，并且她想知道那怎么可能。
tr	O	Junior现在就在外面，并且我们必须去救他！
tr	O	我们不是朋友，但是我们有共同的朋友。
tr	O	一些数据丢失了，并且没有校验和。
tr	I	I swear I heard a snicker , and a part of me wanted to .
tr	O	大多数人已经学会了忽略那令人不安的喧闹声，它真的让地板在他们脚下颤抖，但是我的感受不同。
tr	I	His tiny claws couldn 't get traction on the glass , but at one point , he tried to climb the side .
tr	I	He shamelessly admired the view and she had a nice backside .
tr	O	她用舌尖触碰了一下她的下唇，并且瞬间他的目光就牢牢地固定在那里了。
tr	O	你是个好女孩，而且没有人能否认这一点。
tr	O	尼克让他把自己拉了起来，但是他仍然被周围的汽车吓住了。
tr	O	他回报以微笑，并且我们都回到室内去工作。
tr	I	Soon my bad feelings turned to adoration as we drove silently through Geneva at night , but I was irritated with Avalon .
tr	O	我叫莫妮卡·纽波特，而且我想你也可以说我算是私人助理。
tr	O	他被耍了，但是他没有生气。
tr	O	我离开了讲台，并且海军陆战队员把我带回牢房。
tr	I	I run my teeth over my lips as I roam my eyes over him and Heat surges through me .
tr	I	This is her sixth published novel and she published her first novel , Forever Black , in February 2013 .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but it was tough talk since the truth was I didn 't have a clue what the hell I was talking about .
tr	I	He shaved the cat and Braden thought he 'd be my savor .
tr	O	我希望他是对的，而且我们能够感知到彼此。
tr	I	I looked at her and my head snapped up .
tr	O	他假装打鼾，并且那让她平静了下来。
tr	O	门重新打开了，并且护士走了进来，现在盯着我，好像她正在试图弄清楚什么。
tr	O	我有大约二十把这样的彩弹枪，但是我只想让十把同时射击。
tr	O	我们的嘴角仿佛天生上扬，并且我们的眼睛生来就闪闪发光。
tr	O	我们在我公寓楼前，并且特丽莎正要上出租车去机场。
tr	O	他的心猛地一跳，并且他艰难地吞咽了一下。
tr	I	Ted had a strong urge to kiss her , and she said thank you softly .
tr	I	In a fit of desperation , I resort to theatrics , and having no idea what to do .
tr	I	Yosef almost believed that the diagnosis had been wrong , and he had seemed to grow normally for several months .
tr	O	那是我们复合后他第一次说那些话，并且那些话撕裂了我内心深处的一些东西。
tr	O	那会是一台粗糙的机器，并且三角洲士兵被教导要通过比一个人能在麦迪逊大道零售买到的测试更好的测试。
tr	I	Nothing else mattered , and Ian had Beth .
tr	O	天不冷，但是我发抖。
tr	O	查德发起了争吵，但是萨利制服了他。
tr	I	He made me several more drinks and we hung out in my room .
tr	I	A cloud of smoke curled around his head as he exhaled , and he took a deep , long drag .
tr	O	我知道这一步以后可能会困扰我，但是我如果她不是邪恶的，我会因为伤害她而感到糟糕。
tr	I	Small Talk doesn 't bother with it , but there is a plasma rifle there as well .
tr	O	他的脚平平地落在她的脸上，但是她完全无视了这次攻击。
tr	O	我们家很忙碌，但是它充满了爱。
tr	I	It did , but it would be hard to pin down exactly why this hurt me .
tr	I	She guessed she knew how to do it well enough , but she 'd never really kissed anybody besides Adam .
tr	O	我咽下涌上喉咙的热气，想象着我们两人除了水膜别无他物地分离着我们的身体。
tr	O	萨布丽娜对此似乎不太确定，但是几分钟后，她顺从了。
tr	I	He pulled his eyes away from Sara , and the opening theme of the movie began .
tr	O	他还没有设计轮椅无障碍入口，但是我相信他最终会设计的。
tr	O	艾丽莎似乎不太喜欢它，但是卡桑德拉在尝过内莉的之后，给自己买了一整桶。
tr	I	I 've blinked only six times since we left Adam 's house and we 're already on the road .
tr	O	我对什么都不太感兴趣，但是我同意上大学了，所以我必须学习一些东西。
tr	O	凝视着湿漉漉的烂摊子，她的双肩垂了下来，并且她阴沉地走回家。
tr	I	The ferry honked its horn , but Ruby started to say something .
tr	O	她是如此专业，然而她也只是一个需要帮助的女人。
tr	O	格雷走向卧室，并且苏西听到他一边打包一边打开抽屉的声音。
tr	O	他走向门口，并且她送他出去，在他身后锁上了门。
tr	I	He put his hands under my chin again , and both of us took a moment to breathe .
tr	O	我凝视着他深邃的眼睛，并且气氛从轻松变得严肃。
tr	I	It 's not what I pictured it would be , and well I have realised my fear .
tr	O	一个金发脑袋引起了我的注意，并且我眯起眼睛，发现雷恩正和莱利一起穿过保留地。
tr	I	She came down the stairs and Amy 's bedroom door opened .
tr	I	Because my stomach was still queasy , I decided against it , but I thought about getting something to eat before healing the core .
tr	I	I didn 't look back again until the sounds of Kai swimming became oddly quiet , and Evie rushed forward .
tr	I	My heart leapt for the safety of my throat , and I looked towards it .
tr	I	They weren 't as detailed as I would have imagined and I wasn 't in the habit of reading blueprints .
tr	I	Victoria can see the light glittering on Chris ' black hair and the moon was shining so bright .
tr	O	她闭上眼睛，并且她的双腿慢慢分开了。
tr	O	他们才飞行了16分钟，并且湍流的程度意味着他们没有走上直接的逃生路线。
tr	I	He would have to work for their affection , but oh , they would serve whoever was crowned king .
tr	O	自从前一年那个大麻种植者差点折断她的手腕以来，她一直带着手铐，并且她从腰带上取下了它们。
tr	O	它的底部有大型洞穴和藏身之处。
tr	O	邀请函已经发出，并且每个人都被要求打扮成牛仔前来。
tr	I	Emily had refused , but Ali had tried to talk Emily into getting a bikini wax , too .
tr	O	她从未停止尖叫，并且这让他们感到紧张。
tr	O	布里戳了戳我的肋骨，并且我转过头看着她。
tr	I	You didn 't run it by me , and you didn 't run it by the editor .
tr	I	Falling around his face , and his filthy hair was very long , tangled .
tr	O	他们的预算非常紧张，并且他们无法负担任何旅行。
tr	O	小小的红色箭头指向她前方，并且不到两英里远的路边就是标记她目的地的蓝色圆点。
tr	O	GPS海图仪破天荒地在运行，并且我估算出了我们航线的粗略方向。
tr	O	他希望这份恩惠会有所帮助，但是国王看起来并没有被打动。
tr	O	他俯下身，并且我向上伸。
tr	O	艾比听不懂那些叽喳声，但是很明显，门廊上的那群人对那瓶迈尔斯酒兴奋不已。
tr	I	His throat closed and his chest tightened .
tr	I	In this instance , they desired the same thing , but they might have worked together only a short time .
tr	I	He held me tighter and I sniffled back a tear .
tr	O	我为拉杰感到高兴，但是与此同时，我又很难过，因为拉杰必须在一个月内加入。
tr	O	汉娜的哭声充斥着他的耳朵，比以往任何时候都响亮，但是那个北方佬没有回应。
tr	I	I need to know more and Knowledge is power .
tr	O	我几乎能背诵文章的每个字，并且其中没有任何部分似乎有意义。
tr	I	It reminded me of long , lazy summer days here in Mystic , and I smelled the sea air .
tr	I	I 'm ready to pass out and add that to the mental exhaustion .
tr	I	We had to head to class and she asked as the bell rang .
tr	I	Though he turned to watch her , he didn 't stop her , but en route to the door , she skirted Alistair .
tr	I	His tongue brushed mine and his lips parted .
tr	I	A number of people had already left for winter break , and Tomorrow was officially the last day before everyone had to be out .
tr	I	This was the first time she 'd been back , and Margie had been on maternity leave for three months .
tr	I	She rubbed her tongue against his seductively , and his tongue once again invaded her mouth .
tr	I	He ignored it , but something fisted around his heart .
tr	I	He was lost for words and it was now a scroll .
tr	O	此时她已半个身子出了车外，并且猛烈地捶打我的胸膛。
tr	O	她知道这很痛，但是她可能不知道为什么。
tr	O	他看起来很平静，然而马多克斯感觉到在那平静的表面下有什么东西在涌动。
tr	I	They displayed images , not just color and Sye realized his eyes were looking at a particular series of panels on a building across from him .
tr	I	I meet the abbess 's impersonal gaze , and a cool calmness settles over me .
tr	I	He leads us to the back end of the warehouse where the sounds of battering are still going on and Kevin is back with us .
tr	O	当我们到达酒店时，我下了出租车，并且司机把我的手提箱递了过来。
tr	I	He knew he wasn 't likely to crack the password , but he attempted a few combinations he thought Robert might use .
tr	O	他的心在它们下面狂野地跳动着，并且我知道它正在破碎。
tr	I	Eventually Nick agreed , but it took some convincing .
tr	I	He stayed quiet , and I hurriedly gathered the rest of my things , including my shirt I couldn 't find earlier .
tr	I	He still ended up 20 yards short of the green , but the result was better .
tr	O	天空是铁灰色，并且泥土的气息升入空气中，伴随着营地周围熙熙攘攘的动静。
tr	I	I pressed the package through the bars and they rushed forward .
tr	I	The voice was like a vacuum sucking him in , but he tried to ignore it because sleep was so easy .
tr	O	柜子吱呀作响，并且眼睛收了回去。
tr	I	Then , even though it wasn 't all that late , maybe she 'd head back home and she needed another drink to wet her throat .
tr	O	J. D. 布兰查德有一张嫌疑犯的好照片，并且伯里斯在分发给电视台之前制作了副本。
tr	I	I hadn 't believed he ever would , but he had said he would call .
tr	I	I move on instinct , and Chapter Twelve I notice she 's barefoot a second after the glass breaks .
tr	I	He acted as if that was the most he 'd expected , and she offered her hand to let him know what she preferred .
tr	I	He swallowed , and I jerked my head toward the dead Reboot .
tr	I	Unease churned inside me , and I watched him through the showroom windows , walking around to look at the new cars .
tr	I	You feel restless inside and I have seen your shadow pacing in front of your window at night .
tr	I	It doesn 't last too long and that 's why they give money to new grad students .
tr	I	He didn 't sulk too much , but he wasn 't happy about it .
tr	I	I grip it , and it rises in the water like a lever .
tr	I	I can tell you this , but I really don 't care how many .
tr	O	我检查了雅座，但是座位是塑料的。
tr	O	我在脑海中快速过一遍五位数的乘法表以平静大脑，但是那几乎无法让我的思绪慢下来。
tr	O	我无法说清楚那是什么，但是我的感官似乎强了许多。
tr	I	She turned back to me , and I touched her shoulder .
tr	O	埃莉诺躺在他身旁，保持着那美妙的摩擦，并且哈特搂住了她。
tr	I	He could actually see her freeze up and she turned to look at him .
tr	O	几辆长卡车挤在中间，但是除此之外都是畅通的。
tr	O	在两段长呼吸间，似乎世界上只有妙在移动，并且他的绝望让他快速行动起来。
tr	I	Early morning I felt him break away from me , or nellie Sometime in the night .
tr	O	我不是有意要大声说出来，但是它还是脱口而出了。
tr	I	Winston turned to help her off the mattress and the woman nodded .
tr	O	他把它扔给我，并且我从它刚刚落下的木质表面抓住了它。
tr	O	小提琴音乐在我们身后渐渐消失了，并且我希望斯特赖克能独自待一会儿。
tr	I	There was nowhere left to go , but I still didn 't want to be here .
tr	O	她轻拍他的脸颊，并且他翻了个白眼。
tr	I	Jeff is fearless , and I could tell he was afraid .
tr	I	Now I was useless , and I 'd given in to the pills .
tr	I	Danny threw an elbow backwards and Instinct took over .
tr	O	在她身后，她听到米切尔拿起电话听筒，但是片刻之后，他又咔哒一声把它放回了话机座。
tr	I	Cade didn 't care , but the soldier was staring .
tr	I	I can find it for them , but I have no idea what they want .
tr	O	他想起了那个穿着银色礼服的金发女孩，并且他确定那是安妮。
tr	I	Everything here is bathed in radiant gold , and the sun is just starting to sink over the horizon , over the edge of the sea .
tr	I	He pulled me back against him even more and both of his hands rested on my hips .
tr	I	I work at and he even has a job at the diner Greyson .
tr	O	她在这里，并且他们独自一人。
tr	I	He pictured her outside planting a garden , and Spring tinged the air with a teasing freshness .
tr	O	这个骗局是她的主意，她的心血，她证明自己的机会，而且现在它可能要瓦解了。
tr	O	她的嘴唇微微张开，并且她的眼睛锐利地盯着我。
tr	O	倒不是说他从一进来就没想过这件事，但是他却一直告诉自己要忽略那种冲动。
tr	I	She took hold of it and Aran held out his hand .
tr	O	妈妈在这里，并且我会在几分钟内见到她。
tr	O	一把刀被抵在她的喉咙上，并且她僵在了原地。
tr	O	我能想到十几个问题，我希望并祈祷他不要问。
tr	O	他那令人厌恶的支配方式本该让她感到排斥，但是她反而觉得他很迷人，甚至令人着迷。
tr	O	基甸没有停止喊叫，但是这没有任何作用。
tr	I	Then his head pokes out again , but Travis ducks in the locker room .
tr	I	He took a step toward Tuck and Rodney 's smile left his face .
tr	I	He promised he 'd be back in time , but his flight doesn 't get in until late this morning .
tr	I	He followed unerringly , and the stench of his prey was overpowering .
tr	I	She just nodded , but Devon bit her lip , wanting nothing more than to wrench herself out of his grasp .
tr	O	每个人似乎都在等待，并且几分钟后我得到了他们已经等了很久的印象。
tr	O	过去四个月和你在一起真是太美好了，并且我希望，某种程度上，我们能在一起更久更久。
tr	O	它在她手中仍然感觉很陌生，但是它没有那么难以握持了。
tr	I	Even knowing that didn 't help , but McKenzie knew this was how it was going to end .
tr	I	He was trying to get away from us , and we 'd wounded a bear .
tr	I	He didn 't attempt to touch her again , but she was still within his reach .
tr	O	我知道他不再对马尔科姆构成威胁，但是马尔科姆仍然会畏缩。
tr	I	That is also why I chose you , and I have no doubt you do not wish to be Governor .
tr	I	She was beaming , so I knew I 'd made her happy by not arguing , but Momma Oaks left so I could finish getting ready .
tr	O	她的手仍然在他的脸颊上，而且他现在用自己的手覆盖住了它。
tr	I	As his skinny body unfolded , Evie could see he was considerably taller than her , and Peter stood up .
tr	I	A door to my right suddenly sparks into life and I take hold of it .
tr	I	That doesn 't make me less sorry , but I didn 't know him .
tr	I	One was strangled and one was shot .
tr	O	你和博罗米尔并不友好，或者你们并没有友好地分手。
tr	O	我不认识那个号码，但是我接了电话。
tr	I	His clothes are dodgy but he 's mostly nice .
tr	O	天气不那么热，而且也不那么冷。
tr	O	他专横地说了出来，仿佛没有人会想到质疑他，而且他们当然也不会。
tr	I	Charlotte did , too , slanting her head to one side , inviting him to deepen the kiss and he moaned softly .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around her , and she laughed breathlessly .
tr	O	我试图集中注意力，但是我仍然因我禁忌之梦的逃逸而心神不宁。
tr	O	听到那不受限制的噪音使我陷入焦虑状态，并且我回到了现实。
tr	I	I think I know who 's next , and he was shooting at me .
tr	O	我向九号投掷火球，并且他躲开了。
tr	I	His hands were fisting in my hair and soon his hips were rocking forward to meet my mouth .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed and Zane 's arms were crossed .
tr	O	她可能是因为知道事情发生在这里才感到害怕，但是她的目光四处扫视的方式显得有些过激。
tr	I	Suddenly it had a voice , and I gazed out into the rain .
tr	I	Now I also felt extreme distaste at her attempt at seduction , but I was as indifferent to Emily as I had been before .
tr	I	Flattery saw to it that her silent brain lived on , but her body had been crushed in a kelp station accident .
tr	O	有些事情正在发生，但是我无法确切地指出是什么。
tr	I	It takes all of my strength to keep from interrogating him and I sit opposite the mysterious man .
tr	O	在过去的两年里我设法摆脱了它们，并且我的生活相当平静。
tr	I	She refused to give much thought to that , but there was a tiny part of her that was stupidly disappointed .
tr	O	她点了点头，但是雅各布从未从战争中归来的可能性对她来说仍然非常真实。
tr	I	We just couldn 't see them but her arms are still in fact there .
tr	I	His thoughts returned to the situation at hand and he quickly shook the self-inflicted history lesson aside .
tr	I	I thought it was worth exploring , but I didn 't know the answer .
tr	O	她听到他在身后喊她，但是她没有回头看。
tr	I	My limbs felt like lead , and my mouth tasted like sandpaper .
tr	O	他会在之后杀了她，但是她的任务会完成。
tr	O	门微微开着，并且灯是关着的。
tr	I	She pretended to still be blind as he rinsed her eyes out with the canteen and he guided her head back .
tr	O	他们身体完美，并且那个男人帅得惊人，比我以前见过的任何男人都性感。
tr	O	那时我也数不清那些数字，并且我决定不再尝试了。
tr	I	He just runs out of words , and this is the guy who would give me the best insight into Huguenot thinking ?
tr	I	I fel into him , and he reached for me .
tr	I	The lock gave way without a sound and he depressed the handle with his thumb .
tr	I	He knew that , and there were women on this mountain capable of taking care of any kind of emergency .
tr	I	The states were incorporated as part of the British Empire and the British prevailed .
tr	I	Other times I just miss out , but I can usually guess it from context .
tr	I	On the court he was transformed into a particularly undesirable character , but off the court he was a sanguine , charming young man .
tr	I	She wanted more and her insides quivered .
tr	I	In the soft firelight , her skin seemed to glow like cave crystal and she was naked .
tr	I	I 'm not stupid , but I may be small .
tr	O	佩里没能把问题问完，但是凯尔知道他想问什么。
tr	I	She 'd loved him as such for her entire life , but she knew he wasn 't her father .
tr	O	她可能还在失踪人口名单上，并且你可以在我妹妹的坟墓里找到她。
tr	O	菲利普，保护你自己真的要靠你了，并且我们俩都会支持你。
tr	O	热水感觉很好，并且她在里面躺了很久。
tr	I	Grant knew that , and I 'd longed to visit Paris .
tr	O	西蒙看着他的妻子，并且她给了他一个惊恐的眼神。
tr	O	他十八岁时没有逃避自己的责任，并且他二十七岁时也肯定不打算这么做。
tr	O	火焰正从客厅的窗户里蹿出来，并且看起来它们甚至可能已经蔓延到楼梯了。
tr	I	Maybe we can forget this happened , and say you 're sorry .
tr	O	诺曼上楼去了实验室看贝丝，但是她睡着了，蜷缩在她的沙发上。
tr	I	All of the staff would have seen them , and they would have gone to the kitchen .
tr	I	I tried tapping out a message in binary machine code in his palm , and after booting up the machine he took my working hand .
tr	O	我旁边的窗户开了一条缝，但是我听不见他们说了什么。
tr	I	Before I could spot Milo 's face over the edge of the cradle , the sunset walls disappeared , but I dashed into the nursery .
tr	I	Before I can free it , one of the men charges me , but I reach for the sword strapped to my saddle .
tr	O	我停了下来，等着迪安接替我刚才停下的地方，但是他没有。
tr	I	I smiled , relieved to hear it , and he snorted .
tr	O	她的脸白了，并且她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	The thought of Lexa succeeding wasn 't in the plans , but he could tell she really wanted to find out everything she could .
tr	O	他身边坐着他梦中的女孩，并且她和他认识的所有人都有点不同。
tr	O	她的眼睛闭着，并且她的呼吸很奇怪。
tr	O	亚洲收紧了她对里科头部的抓握，并且她拉下了衬衫的另一边。
tr	O	托马斯，看到它在你眼中不会让我感到困扰，并且我绝不会要求你隐藏。
tr	O	接着他的手紧握住我的手，并且我的肩膀因如释重负而松弛下来。
tr	O	这些话是一种恳求，但是她仍然坚持着。
tr	I	She 'd panicked , thinking he meant to rape her , and he 'd removed his shirt , revealing a body covered in violent tattoos .
tr	I	Whiskers considers this his home , but she left when she got married .
tr	I	It had never touched his skin , but she wished it smelled of him .
tr	I	He had talent , but he was common .
tr	O	他试图保持镇定，但是痛苦的回忆变得难以承受。
tr	I	I didn 't have the courage to say them , but there were so many things I wanted to say .
tr	I	I started to get letters from her but I don 't know if it is by Thomas 's efforts .
tr	I	That wasn 't the point , but which they were sometimes .
tr	I	There was no point in following a trail that cold , but it had got out that way .
tr	I	There it was , but I knew it was impossible .
tr	O	我的手机有摄像头，但是我从没学过如何使用它。
tr	I	Still the heat lingered , but she pulled her hand back quickly .
tr	O	艾比笑了，但是她听起来很累。
tr	I	All eyes had moved to Della , and Conversation ceased .
tr	I	Blake had his hand tightly on her hip , but Jewell said as she squirmed to try to get away .
tr	O	瑞安不在身边，乔什找到了另一张桌子，并且金对贾里德太生气了，无法容忍他。
tr	I	They were getting deadly tired ; and the blink of red torches could be seen behind them in the tunnel they were following .
tr	I	I couldn 't exactly leave Colin 's sister hung out to dry , but we 'd obviously be late for the dinner .
tr	O	他和我妈妈睡觉，我并不高兴，但是从长远来看，我们的关系对他来说不会是公平的。
tr	O	他挥开了那只正嗅探着风筝的小银龙，并且它在一束蓝色火焰上垂直起飞。
tr	O	我不像以前那么苍白了，但是我的皮肤现在呈现出一种绿色的色调。
tr	I	There weren 't any tears , but Sam 's fingers brushed my cheek .
tr	O	我咯咯地笑了，并且当他放下我时他吻了我。
tr	I	He grinned at me and I giggled .
tr	I	Because he was shorthanded at the bar , he was running late , and he was supposed to pick her up at seven .
tr	O	一个室外石砌壁炉与室内相映成趣，并且柳条甲板家具面向湖泊。
tr	O	整件事闻起来像麻烦，并且当条约被纳入其中时，那股臭味就更甚了。
tr	I	When she refused to cry he slapped her again , harder and he slapped her face .
tr	I	Some of them were daydreaming , but there was interest in most of their eyes .
tr	O	威廉姆斯夫人把她的抹布扔向他，并且内莉尖叫了一声。
tr	I	His depiction was perfect , but I couldn 't believe it .
tr	O	他曾以为她足够有魅力可以随便玩玩，但是她几乎没和他说话。
tr	I	We never quite feel rested enough , but we get enough sleep to function .
tr	O	我不会见到他，但是他会见到我。
tr	O	鹦鹉很少靠近人类生活，并且它们生活在森林深处。
tr	O	最终那些话语说得通了，并且我翻译了我可怕的梦。
tr	O	我想到过去的六年，隐匿行踪，担心生命安危，并且我坚定地咬紧牙关。
tr	O	我知道这次打击极其卑劣，但是我绝望了。
tr	O	一个不设防的女孩让她的注意力被诱捕了，并且我们把她拉到我们的桌子旁。
tr	O	他的手开始颤抖，并且他的心跳加速了。
tr	O	他的眼睛跟着她伸出的手，并且他看到了让她如此兴奋的东西。
tr	O	亨利穿过大厅走向我，并且不像詹姆斯那样，他看起来无可挑剔。
tr	I	There are no unexplained deaths for the whole time you 're gone and you leave town .
tr	I	It always stuck close to her , and it 'd wait for her to come outside .
tr	O	这很难，但是她为没有躲藏而感到骄傲。
tr	I	She reached for it anyway , but it was surely cold then .
tr	O	她手里还拿着文件，但是她的眼睛因兴奋而亮了起来。
tr	O	他好一会儿没有动作，并且她再次渴望他的触碰而变得焦躁不安。
tr	I	David had to have been the bald man , and I guessed Brent was the man holding Lucy .
tr	O	我记得他那双深邃而探寻的湛蓝眼睛，恳求我逃跑。
tr	I	They didn 't seem to do anything but the ants wandered over to them occasionally .
tr	I	Barnes visibly wiped the sweat from her brow and he grunted in grim acceptance of the situation .
tr	I	She jumped into the car and I pressed the unlock button .
tr	I	They walked down to English and after History Dez met Azalea at the door .
tr	O	这盔甲是一种活的有机体，并且当我们穿着它时，它不断地从我们身上汲取养分，同时它也增强我们的力量。
tr	I	The rides activated and all of a sudden all of the lights turned on .
tr	O	他们与我作战，但是我的意志更强大。
tr	I	I strolled into the kitchen and I did not expect to be greeted by a wide-eyed Maggie as Claud .
tr	I	The act alone was enough to keep him interested , but Sam paid a small finder 's fee for each new client that Dennis brought in .
tr	I	There she was , but I couldn 't believe it at first .
tr	O	她的母亲在这里，但是同时又不见了。
tr	I	Vanilla ice cream flows onto my tongue , and it cracks .
tr	O	说实话，我没有怎么仔细想过，但是那可能是因为我一直专注于薇奥莱特。
tr	I	Eli didn 't have any of the healing gel Aunt Cleo had shown him , and she was going to get hurt again .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it with Tony , but Jenny was always accusing me of being too trusting .
tr	I	Introductions were very informal and people were scattered everywhere .
tr	I	Her eyes lit up , but she looked surprised .
tr	I	Then the video screen received the transmission , scanning it from top to bottom , and there was a pause that seemed interminable .
tr	O	他们在地上，但是没有恢复时间。
tr	I	The division of Robespierre was more metaphorical and the fighting city was described very carefully .
tr	I	I wanted to be home , and I felt an unknown pain in my stomach .
tr	I	No one seemed to be paying any attention , but the plump man was gesticulating angrily as he spoke .
tr	O	也许她很愚蠢，但是考虑到泰勒的行为，她今晚不想再让自己的自尊受损。
tr	O	她的嘴唇扭曲了，并且一个阴沉的表情掠过她。
tr	I	I 'm afraid of the answer , but I want to ask him something very , very badly .
tr	O	后面的车冲了上来，并且我们中没有人能相信它第一次撞到我们的保险杠。
tr	O	他至少很客气，并且他的笑容不淫荡。
tr	O	我不知道那天我看了她多久，但是我知道我应该停下来。
tr	I	Elijah is moved by the relief that rises to his face , and Danny turns .
tr	I	I climbed out of the car and a few minutes later we pulled up to my house .
tr	I	He always opted for the fuller women , but some of the Doms only loved a slender woman .
tr	I	My fingers strike some sort of material -- pants and I reach for my leg ?
tr	I	The fire was warm on all their faces and the guys were all a few beers deep .
tr	I	A hurt expression flashed across her face , and he slid his hand away from hers .
tr	I	He fiddled with my fingers as though we were playing a lovers ' game and his fingers loosened .
tr	O	他想告诉我一些重要的事情，并且我唯一能想到的就是我自己的非理性恐惧。
tr	I	The fence was whole before her , and there were no sparks now except for the echoes in her vision .
tr	O	迈克让谈话顺其自然，并且几乎每个人都有话要说。
tr	O	她以前在图书馆被骗过，并且她不会再那样做了。
tr	O	他不会伤害你，但是他会摧毁他路上的一切以达到他的目标。
tr	O	我笑了，但是这个笑话并不好笑。
tr	O	疲惫感席卷了我的身体，并且现在我正剧烈地颤抖着。
tr	I	It was becoming much more difficult to think straight and her mouth was doing delicious things to his body .
tr	I	The wolf backed off , but she missed .
tr	I	The stallion raced off into the night and Simon let go of the rope as soon as the horse was free of the building .
tr	O	灯光变了，并且大量的人群穿过了街道。
tr	O	斯特兰站了起来，并且他们都走向了接待室。
tr	I	The exchange meant a lot to Callie , but it was a small concession , on both their parts .
tr	O	妈妈那天晚上大部分时间都弓着身子在盆边呕吐，并且我大部分时间都在帮她撩着头发。
tr	I	The man was already climbing inside but Devlin opened his mouth to argue .
tr	I	He found it uncomfortable to walk and the touch of her hand against his led to a sudden rush of blood to his groin .
tr	O	晚上的事情让她一直醒着直到将近凌晨四点，并且现在才七点。
tr	I	I 'll lose Ellery forever or I have to stop this now .
tr	I	I 'd have to settle for seeing her tomorrow morning , but I didn 't want her to leave .
tr	O	她已经同意了他的商业提案，即以慈善实体形式接管诊所，并且她已经通知了医院。
tr	O	她看不出他伤得有多重，但是他的衬衫上有血。
tr	I	We 're both tired , and it 's late .
tr	I	A voice enquired who it was and a head peeped round the door .
tr	I	I promise things will look better when you 're not so tired and get some sleep .
tr	O	那些男人伸手去拿枪，但是洛克做出了反应。
tr	I	You are to follow my instructions to the letter and there will be no short cuts .
tr	I	Now we 're all better and our family got through it .
tr	O	我正在努力，并且我想那是一个开始。
tr	I	The full Miss Level , all twenty fingers working together , but this was not a lone Miss Level , a bit flustered .
tr	I	She swallowed , nodding slightly and her eyes flicked to mine .
tr	O	她正在操控他，并且他们都知道这一点。
tr	I	They were lacking the heavy artillery needed to win ; but on hostile land , beneath enemy soil they fought .
tr	I	I whipped my head toward the sound , straining in the dark until my eyes grew accustomed , and a throat cleared .
tr	I	I could see small black veins underneath his skin , and his face was drained of color .
tr	I	He 'd made sure to make friends with them but the other boys didn 't do that to him .
tr	O	我的注意力转向了他，并且我的嘴角因真诚的赞赏而上扬。
tr	O	你或许可以骗过其他人，托尼·卡尔顿，但是我已经看穿你了。
tr	I	It was as if she were noticing his presence for the first time and her head jerked up .
tr	I	I knew it was necessary , but it was hard to do .
tr	O	我不知道发生了什么，但是我必须离开他。
tr	I	We made our way to the viewing area and our disheveled group stumbled out of the bus .
tr	I	Emily went to claim us a table , and I ordered our drinks .
tr	O	他这样做是因为他妈妈冒着一切危险来救他，并且他欠她的。
tr	I	His knuckles were white as he gripped the steering wheel , and Jared 's jaw was tight .
tr	O	一个眼睛闪烁着微光的亚洲女孩正坐在乔伊对面，并且她的嘴角带着一丝微笑。
tr	I	I watch as he swallows , and Isaiah slows down his chewing .
tr	I	She smirks and I laugh .
tr	I	They 'll kill me , or I have to go .
tr	O	仆人鞠躬，移到一旁，并且总督进来了。
tr	I	Picking up the teapot , take it over to her , and I stand .
tr	O	船帆消失在地平线以下，并且最终连最后一瞥也从我们眼前消失了。
tr	O	当他靠回床头板时，我闭上了眼睛，但是睡意不来。
tr	O	她的离婚让她心灰意冷，并且从那时起她就全身心投入学习，奋发向前，封闭了自己的心。
tr	I	There was no doubt in Father Joseph 's quiet tone but it was an astonishing statement of faith .
tr	I	Dogs were not allowed to travel first class , but she had settled on taking a bus .
tr	O	他退得太快以至于她发现自己正朝着他的腿冲去，但是她随即意识到她有机会让他失去平衡。
tr	O	她已经洗过淋浴了，但是人类享受沐浴不仅仅是为了清洁自己，不是吗？
tr	O	她已经告诉我怎么做了，但是我就是不能接受。
tr	I	She leaned into me , and a smile split her face .
tr	I	It had been nice having the house to herself to work , but Liz had missed her while she was gone .
tr	I	He opened her door for her and they walked back to where Steve had parked his car .
tr	O	他会恨她，并且她无法应对。
tr	I	I 'm not going to make any progress if your subconscious wants to stay connected with Gary 's and I 've retired .
tr	O	我以前从未处理过如此严重的伤口，并且这耗费了我巨大的精力。
tr	O	我在他的宅邸没有注意到任何马厩，但是我也没有得到一次正式的参观。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew my eyes were probably bulging out of my head .
tr	I	It seemed solid enough , but I thought about my idea for a moment .
tr	I	She did -- and he needed her to respond .
tr	O	这不太愉快，但是我多少有些预料到。
tr	O	她的瞳孔变大了，并且她看着那个陌生人的脸。
tr	I	He was glad to finally be eating something and his stomach had been growling since he 'd woken .
tr	I	Then I remembered what my dad said about the German people , but I couldn 't imagine how a people could be so ignorant .
tr	O	我故意让他陷入危险，并且那迫使魔球亲自处理此事。
tr	I	That didn 't surprise him , but he didn 't recognize her .
tr	O	我们相爱过，并且现在一切都消失了。
tr	O	他认为他有充足时间准备战斗，但是我已经用他自己的方法对付了他。
tr	O	它在它下方那块又大又平的岩石上折断了，并且他感到一股温暖的血液涌上皮肤。
tr	O	我们的小壁龛起到了作用，但是太阳正炙烤着我们。
tr	I	The warmth coursing through her felt so good she didn 't care but it occurred to her she was playing with fire .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but they waited .
tr	O	我们都穿着严肃的黑色衣服，而且我们看起来与宅邸的节日装饰格格不入。
tr	O	我看不见它，但是我用手感觉到了它。
tr	I	She wanted it to slow down , and this was all happening so fast .
tr	O	他已经浪费了太多时间，而且他的耐心开始耗尽。
tr	I	She felt she could depend on his judgment , but it was perhaps silly .
tr	I	Something told me it had to with the food , but I didn 't understand what he was talking about .
tr	I	They reentered the silver river of traffic and Flo returned , got into the van .
tr	O	他们没有可见的武器，但是如果他们夹克下没有枪支我会感到惊讶。
tr	O	太阳升起来了，而且他能看到一片无边无际的蓝天。
tr	O	诺亚笑了，并且扎恩看了他一眼。
tr	O	我颤抖了一下，并且克里斯蒂安用手臂环住了我的腰。
tr	I	Zoe handed me back the ring and they all sat down .
tr	I	Now she was back into the harsh reality of her life , but the water had managed to soothe her for a brief moment .
tr	O	他的眼皮慢慢抬起，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	O	我知道有很多工作要做，但是我需要在花园里待一会儿。
tr	O	他还告诉他，他们要见的那个男人对被拘留非常不满，而且安德森当然理解。
tr	I	He was smiling also , but Robert said .
tr	I	It 's impossible to break out , and there is no way to break in .
tr	O	几缕薄雾缠绕着她的手指，但是他知道她也碰到了一堵坚固的墙。
tr	O	她试图进入市场，但是我们坚决抵制她。
tr	O	我妈妈又开口了，但是她的声音现在更轻柔了。
tr	I	I look at her in surprise , wondering at her actions and Kylie walks up to him .
tr	I	The rest retired to the living room and some stayed at the table .
tr	I	My legs parted to cradle his hips against mine and he slowly moved to rest on top of me .
tr	I	She rings it up , and I give her our order .
tr	I	The light in his hands went out momentarily and Bane 's head landed hard on the ground .
tr	I	I pull my knees to my chest , incredibly content , and smiling , he returns to his position at the grill .
tr	I	Xander beats me , but I start to say no .
tr	O	他起初觉得有点过分，但是他正在意识到他有多么享受。
tr	I	I certainly wasn 't getting naked for everyone to see , but the other Reboots were around the corner , out of sight .
tr	I	I shuddered away from the sound , and another growl rumbled in its throat .
tr	O	我不确定我做出了什么样的表情，但是他肯定注意到我移到床边时的一种转变。
tr	O	招待会上可能还有一些人逗留，但是他已经决定提前溜走。
tr	I	He took a moment to savor the love her eyes radiated toward him and she leaned back .
tr	I	I think you will be very surprised , and well , I have a little something I want to show you .
tr	O	这条消息是一个挂断电话，并且科林不认识这条消息来自的电话号码。
tr	O	格兰德维尤控制着比赛，但是进球却没有到来。
tr	O	我已经坐在一截树桩上讲我的故事，但是现在我跳了起来。
tr	I	Nothing in the diner had changed , but it seemed like a year ago .
tr	I	It was replaced by a screechy , menacing tone and Gone was the sweet , singsong voice .
tr	I	The dead man was indeed without a holster strapped around his middle but Seth hadn 't noticed at first .
tr	I	Edward most likely couldn 't get the time off work , and her three kids kept her busy .
tr	I	No one stopped to look at her , but people were dancing in every inch of space .
tr	O	一辆黑色的莱利车正在驶来，是大陆型的，但是只有一个人可见。
tr	I	Outside , I grab her hand , and I lead Tam into the hallway .
tr	I	He appreciated everything she did , but she noticed he didn 't like to ask for things .
tr	I	Lex turned her down a hall , and they raced wearily into the dungeons .
tr	O	我把它递了过去，并且她把自己锁在了浴室里。
tr	O	阿南西是一只蜘蛛，在世界还很年轻的时候，并且所有的故事都是第一次被讲述。
tr	O	上层恶魔举起了他的手臂，并且蛇形纹身从他的皮肤上脱离，碎成了一百万个黑点。
tr	I	She looks only at Marcus , but I stiffen , afraid for a moment that she will see me .
tr	O	杰克逊让出租车把他送到餐馆，并且他回到了汽车旅馆。
tr	I	The words were trapped in his heart , but he attempted to explain .
tr	O	甚至他的埃罗尔·弗林式小胡子都几乎看不见，并且他的山羊胡也修剪得像初雪的滑雪道一样干净。
tr	I	She seemed to have taken an increasing liking to them , but he could remember a time when Vin had looked frighteningly awkward in a dress .
tr	O	我的指尖紧紧地握住他的手臂，并且他的手指也伸向了我的。
tr	O	燃烧弹袭击在较小的爆发区卓有成效，将一切都烧成了灰烬，但是这次是大规模的。
tr	O	我是爱丽丝，并且我急切地透过镜子看。
tr	O	我的小女儿是我见过最漂亮的婴儿，并且那不只是父亲的骄傲。
tr	I	In this case , he 'd had to follow Paige 's lead , but normally , he would have planned their date from beginning to end .
tr	O	当他解释完所发生的一切时，医生出现了，并且我们进行了一次重要会议。
tr	I	He was already getting to his feet , and Polo Shirt was only about twelve feet back .
tr	I	Then I stopped , and I glanced to the side automatically .
tr	I	I stopped outside of my door and we headed back toward the rooms .
tr	I	I can see that his heart isn 't in his words , but he nods .
tr	I	Everything was washed with periwinkle and it was twilight .
tr	I	Bud had been downright pissed about it , and this time it was the transmission .
tr	I	There was one game remaining , and Rick was a football player , though .
tr	O	我迅速换上牛仔裤，并且尽管相当破旧，杰森最喜欢的乐队T恤。
tr	O	我看着她和其他男人约会，但是我知道那不是认真的。
tr	I	He found himself looking straight down through an ocean of air at the tiny tops of the trees , and the sidecar lurched .
tr	O	我们失去了太多……但是贝塔小队正在尽力救治伤员。
tr	O	我知道我需要一段时间才能建立起一个完整的衣橱，但是现在我需要搞定基本款。
tr	O	大约有五种不同的银盖菜肴，但是最浓郁的气味是咖啡。
tr	I	He didn 't know what to do about Elizabeth , but he was mad with desire for Sarah .
tr	I	For some reason Aiden decided to pay us a visit and it was one of those cold nights at our camp .
tr	O	几分钟后约书亚停止了笑，并且事情对他来说变得非常严肃。
tr	I	Surely she would come up soon and he figured he would wait for her .
tr	O	我大吸了一口，并且纸伞的末端戳进了我的鼻子。
tr	I	Reality blurred once more , and then he kissed me , moving faster .
tr	I	He 's keeping pace with me easily but Dham 's voice sounds a little breathless .
tr	O	丽莎发来了我的旅行信息，并且我打车去了机场。
tr	O	计划再次获胜了，而且我们即将失去一切。
tr	O	斯凯不确定他们引导了什么，但是他们肯定很重要。
tr	I	Her determined look takes over , and she meets my stunned gaze .
tr	I	She gave him a small smile and her face softened .
tr	O	我想大声呼唤他，但是我的声音卡在喉咙里了。
tr	I	It is certainly the first time she 's been caught , but this wasn 't her first unauthorized trip to The Dry .
tr	O	我不喜欢它，但是我不得不接受我们必须一视同仁。
tr	I	He had about five pairs of eyes , and his body was covered in an armor shell .
tr	I	Charlie didn 't think Kate was impressed , but the bedrooms were larger than their own .
tr	O	她穿着她那套疯狂的服装，但是我喜欢它。
tr	I	It was trimmed down neatly but he has a gray beard .
tr	O	她与他认识的任何其他女人都不同，而且他希望她能一直保持朋友的身份。
tr	I	No one answered , and I knocked on the door .
tr	O	她尖叫，并且扭转身子踢了他的左膝下方。
tr	I	One single word could not be that important , and no matter what the word under the blot might be , it was still only one word .
tr	O	血液从我体内涌出，并且我无法停止颤抖。
tr	O	她想在等待时坐在引擎盖上，但是Day说过她会成为狙击手的容易目标。
tr	I	I couldn 't smile back , but Matt smiled at me between bites .
tr	I	It didn 't really bother me , but it was freezing , of course .
tr	I	They didn 't know about Perry 's battered condition , but not the gentlest welcoming .
tr	O	德文会觉得那很有趣，但是他开始意识到这种情况毫无乐趣。
tr	I	One tonight , and he knew that two had died already - one a week ago .
tr	O	她的眉毛垂了下来，并且眼睛眯了起来。
tr	I	The government putting them through school and it 's going to be me .
tr	O	她的思绪因这种可能性而飞速旋转，并且她没有立刻意识到卡罗琳在说话。
tr	I	She didn 't but she wanted to look away .
tr	I	I heard a wildcat on the nearby hill whaling aloud , and Almost got stung .
tr	I	We start again and the cube unfolds more arms .
tr	O	玛丽卡开始解释，但是杰克打断了她。
tr	O	星期天是我通常提前做饭的日子，并且我的小冰箱几乎是空的。
tr	I	I hear him groan softly , and his fingers tangle in my hair .
tr	I	The pressure felt right , but his head felt heavy .
tr	I	We headed to the front counter , and I held the shop door open for her .
tr	O	他每天都受到挑战，并且他应对了每一个挑战。
tr	O	她很年轻，并且春树向她抛媚眼。
tr	O	约瑟芬以前从未见过他那肌肉发达的双腿，并且它们真是令人惊叹。
tr	I	She glanced at him , and Quinlan opened the door .
tr	I	His movements weren 't as jerky , and his color looked better .
tr	I	It was just the two of us and it was as if the entire room disappeared .
tr	I	A sob escaped instead , but she wanted to laugh .
tr	O	我的双腿在颤抖，但是那并没有阻止我跑出浴室。
tr	O	雅各布向前迈了一步，然后回头看我，并且一声低沉的呜咽声从他喉咙里升起。
tr	I	They knew it , and I was in big trouble for bringing a stranger here .
tr	O	我现在应该已经死了，但是将军救了我。
tr	O	她把目光从该隐转向我，并且一个悲伤的笑容触及了她的嘴唇。
tr	I	My high spirits return and I am much relieved .
tr	I	We must continue on , but we cannot pretend otherwise .
tr	O	他会找到她的，并且他今天就会办到。
tr	I	She had never expected this kind of vitriol , but coming into this , she had known that the boys wouldn 't like it .
tr	I	I tried , but sitting still was not my forte .
tr	O	她结婚了，并且她有问题。
tr	I	It was impossible , but I tried to shake my head .
tr	I	They may not like it , and he 'll tell my parents .
tr	O	然后又一声枪响，并且他看见韦伯斯特倒下。
tr	O	将溶胶聚合起来，我将其送入蓝色火焰中，并且混合物创造了一个刚好够我通过的洞。
tr	I	I wait until he 's up over the ridge , and Wes walks me back to Austen House .
tr	I	He thought they might have trembled a bit , but it was too dark to tell for sure .
tr	I	A huge part of me needs a way to fix him but I don 't have a clue as to what I will find .
tr	I	It didn 't work , but I tried to smile at her .
tr	I	I instantly thought that maybe I had been shot and the sudden pinch on my butt cheek forced out a small yelp .
tr	O	我们来到小门前，并且希丝特莉亚打开了它。
tr	I	Then the cord snapped inside me , and there was a pause .
tr	O	她伸出手，伸向威廉姆斯的手放在他所拿着的任何东西上的地方，但是它们径直穿过了空气。
tr	O	他得到了出色而及时的护理，而且这意义重大。
tr	I	I knew Toby never had much cash , but it wasn 't something we talked about .
tr	O	我的眼睛终于合上了，并且我感觉自己好像在河中顺流而下。
tr	O	在其他任何时候，我可能都会自满，但是这并非其他时候。
tr	O	他身上的热量几乎给了我的身体重新掌控所需的一切，并且他将嘴唇擦过我的。
tr	O	这将很艰难，但是她至少会活着。
tr	O	酒店员工都爱她，而且他甚至无法走进自己该死的家而不闻到她的气息。
tr	I	She started muttering under her breath , and Daphne 's fingers picked up speed .
tr	O	这是一些地球女性的常见风格，但是她驾驭得比他见过的任何女人都好。
tr	O	他还是做了，并且我不得不看着。
tr	I	She wasn 't going to flinch in his presence like everyone else , but he might not approve of her .
tr	O	雷·肯伍德死了，并且他与从我家被盗的电脑有关联。
tr	I	Nothing takes shape , but all the right elements .
tr	I	That one makes me ache , and then there 's always the other alternative .
tr	O	我的笑容消失了，并且我只觉得有点傻。
tr	O	马奇把我拉到他腿上，并且我们缠绕在康斯坦斯裹在我们身上的毯子里。
tr	O	大副目瞪口呆地看着，当他的夹克打开并且一把手枪自动从他口袋里滑出来时。
tr	O	他在詹姆斯驶离停车场时挥了挥手，并且我知道“那个项目”肯定不远了。
tr	O	他和夏洛特说话，但是他赞叹的目光从未离开贝丝涨红的脸。
tr	O	婴儿肥很快就减掉了，而且她依然很漂亮。
tr	O	瑞克与他目光相接，并且亚当确信他看到了他脸上的释然。
tr	O	事实听起来不可能，但是它简直超乎寻常。
tr	I	Now he was kind of stuck there , and during his brief absence Kellan had slipped in .
tr	I	I hoped there was no moon , and nothing stirred in the coming twilight .
tr	I	Ava snatched it before it flew down the hall and MiMi zipped past her head .
tr	I	He just listens , and dane tells Monti the entire story .
tr	I	Once again , she was right , and my grandmother always told me women could do whatever they had to do .
tr	I	Most of them will be taped , but some stories you 'll cover live .
tr	I	Love would have been a better approach and forgiveness would have been a better start .
tr	O	他就是他自己，并且她也因此爱他。
tr	O	索恩口干舌燥，并且她的心开始狂跳。
tr	O	她的脚后跟落地，并且她睁开眼睛看到杰森的刀划开了怪物的喉咙。
tr	I	I nodded dejectedly , and she leaned back .
tr	I	Dak made a great point , but Sera did feel a little guilty .
tr	I	He was actually looking forward to talking with Golden but he was playing it cool .
tr	I	She could get to it in a split second if he made any sudden moves , but her gun was still in its holster at her waist .
tr	O	她不认识他，但是她认识他们中的很少人。
tr	I	I needed to find out what was going on in those rusted gears of his thoughts , but I hated to do it .
tr	I	We can finally go home and maybe this whole thing will be over in an hour .
tr	O	他的笑声使她全身的肌肉都僵住了，并且突然她手上没有足够的感觉来抓住木头。
tr	O	这个念头显然冲击了他，并且他的头带着突然的兴致抬了起来。
tr	I	He followed her up the red brick path to the porch and Vicki opened the gate .
tr	I	He was letting me know , and we were bound together now .
tr	O	那时我不知道为什么，但是我是那种总是听从她第一直觉的人。
tr	O	我的周末很完美，并且我的生活看起来完美无瑕。
tr	I	Declan continued to hold her firmly , but they stopped moving .
tr	I	His muscles weren 't yet working at that hour of the morning , but Ben tried a smile .
tr	O	史密斯夫人瞥了一眼她的狗消失的地方，并且当她回头看我时，她的眼睛湿漉漉的。
tr	I	His welcome reflected this and she knew it had been several months since he had been home .
tr	I	It 's functional but it 's not pretty .
tr	I	We marveled that we knew no one , and it was not possible to recognize the true person behind the mask , at all .
tr	O	盖尔要求和我一起在12号下车，但是当我拒绝他的陪伴时，他没有强求。
tr	I	His words had begun to slur , and Richard had begun to repeat himself .
tr	O	詹娜是她最好的朋友，并且她知道詹娜在想什么。
tr	O	另一个拉蒙爬上树去勘察地形，并且支撑他的树枝断了。
tr	O	我需要一些咖啡，而且我知道梅斯也需要。
tr	I	He was a good boy , really , but I know he was a bad child .
tr	I	She didn 't , but Sierra wished she had the courage to take her friend up on her offer .
tr	O	她在谈论电影，而且他刚刚经历了人生中最大的危机。
tr	O	他的目光扫过我，但是那更偏向于审视而非感兴趣。
tr	I	The man started piling it into a container and I gestured to the steak on the grill .
tr	I	He asked Javelin the same question and Errand happened to be there .
tr	O	他们在任何事情上都从未达成一致，而且最近情况甚至更糟。
tr	I	I knew there had to be something they missed , but I wasn 't sure what I was looking for .
tr	O	我们需要通过空运疏散他，或者他活不下去。
tr	O	我舔食着岩石上的黏液，并且我在黑暗中哭泣。
tr	I	She hadn 't realized how much more deserted that would make the streets , but she knew cleaning had taken her longer than normal .
tr	I	She brings with her a rich history , and Antonietta is a delightful , courageous woman .
tr	O	鲜血从凯特的脸颊上褪去，并且房间向我们压迫而来。
tr	I	She had to hold back a shiver and they drowned her in darkness .
tr	I	The stairwell door slammed shut , but Painter halted , glanced behind him .
tr	O	丽娜听到他的妻子开始喊叫，并且有几个人跑过来帮忙。
tr	I	It should have never happened and I reacted emotionally .
tr	O	他没有看到红色的火花，但是他有一种感觉他很快就会看到。
tr	O	维多利亚是为他而来的，但是她已经不一样了。
tr	I	The canoe was too stable to be bothered but it nudged one of the outriggers .
tr	O	这发生得太快了，然而梅雷迪思的话语在我心中引起共鸣。
tr	I	I would hate to go back to the way we used to be and we have had a pleasant visit so far .
tr	O	他手掌轻抚着她的背部中央，但是除此之外没有再靠近。
tr	I	I 'm in no mood for any of this and I ain 't slept in the last 35 hours .
tr	O	她在靠近时在吧凳上转过身，并且杰克逊趁机将她完全打量了一番。
tr	O	路易开始站起来，并且潘妮看起来很沮丧。
tr	O	她在回答中听起来很自信，然而她的脸上掠过一丝阴影。
tr	O	这种傲慢通常会受到就地处决的惩罚，并且作为巡逻队长，我有权这样做。
tr	I	He whistled , and he dropped to a low branch .
tr	I	We will strike down the old man , and in minutes they will storm the castle .
tr	I	I looked at Gem , and my radio crackled .
tr	I	Its eyes remained shut , but one of its whiskers twitched a little as Weston shouted in its face .
tr	I	This time he did , just to be certain , but Bart never felt the need to pinch himself before .
tr	O	她很快，但是我更快。
tr	I	Now there was no turning back and Ava said the words before thinking them through .
tr	I	I could see Emily looking at me , all the way from the A 's , but I tried not to catch her eye .
tr	O	我张开嘴想说什么，但是他嘘了我一声。
tr	O	这都取决于最终的胜利者，但是这两种物种都不以仁慈著称。
tr	I	It slipped out anyway , but I wasn 't going to ask him .
tr	O	他的陪伴很快就会让人厌倦，但是他的知识值得忍受这种愤怒。
tr	O	空气中带着淡淡的矿物质味，就像卡尔德隆谷的温泉一样，但是她没有特别的困难。
tr	I	That just made it worse -- a whole world of possibilities expanded like a virus in my mind , but I didn 't think so .
tr	O	粉色窗帘上缝着白色花朵，并且它们在开着的窗户边飘动。
tr	I	Neil is at baseball practice and I 'm off to work .
tr	I	He was also embarrassed , but Norman was still angry .
tr	I	It just wasn 't my first priority , but if there was money out there for me somewhere , I would love that .
tr	O	她心里知道那不是杰克的主意，但是她以为是她父亲负责的。
tr	O	他们帮助了我们解决问题，并且我们可以帮助他们。
tr	O	我不确定我所感受的是不是爱，但是我以前从未有过这种感觉。
tr	I	She had to maintain a distance and the man was dangerous ground .
tr	O	皮特的笑声尽管五官端正但却显得很尴尬，并且朱莉很高兴金被他的朋友吸引了。
tr	I	A pang of fear gripped Emma , and Laurel was staring menacingly at Emma .
tr	I	Evidently we were mistaken , but we thought we saw a car chase developing .
tr	I	The hatred she has for you is personal , but I don 't know exactly what 's going on .
tr	I	She tossed a glance over her shoulder , and the washing machine went into the spin cycle behind her .
tr	O	起初它很微弱，但是后来声音变大了。
tr	I	Dare didn 't want to make her regret it and she 'd trusted him with what was going on in her life .
tr	O	我的腿很软，并且它们在我身下摇晃。
tr	I	His shirt was a fine cotton Ferragamo and his tie was a silk Hermes .
tr	O	莉娜告诉他们关于大门的事，并且他们悄悄地把东西装进了乔希的背包。
tr	O	你必须吃，并且你现在就必须吃。
tr	I	If you 're really honest with yourself , you 've felt it , but we all pretend to be so much better than we are .
tr	O	他可能没有任何答案，但是至少她可以亲自告诉他，她想要一张通往FRU藏书的借书证。
tr	I	She said nothing , but her jaw moved a few times .
tr	O	他对着对讲机说话，并且大门打开了。
tr	I	She squelched the thought , but she wondered whether Isabella had spread the news that Louisa wanted to marry .
tr	I	No , it was just another white plastic room , but I guess I was hoping it would be outdoors .
tr	I	I had blown it , and I had been given the gift of a chance .
tr	O	一股疲惫感向他袭来，并且他撑着桌子稳住自己。
tr	O	他最厌恶的是她认为他是一个奴隶贩子，但是他看不到解决这个问题的其他办法。
tr	I	Knowing Benji , he probably took a toothbrush to them every night , but they could have been brand-new .
tr	O	接着她把注意力转向那张纸条，并且那个笑容变成了皱眉。
tr	I	The both of them left and I gave Daniel a hug .
tr	I	He was still my father , but obviously he 'd chosen not to love me .
tr	O	她让他发誓保密，但是当然戴尔绝不会说出去。
tr	I	She sensed his awkward position , and he looked at her .
tr	O	比基尼暴露了她太多身体，所以她不希望哈尔注意到她有任何不同。
tr	O	他的声音只是一声耳语，但是其中蕴含的坚定不容置疑。
tr	I	She respected rules , and she respected laws .
tr	O	那要么是异想天开，或者他已经到达了穹顶。
tr	I	Both only require one of us , but both might be long shots .
tr	I	I blinked several times , making sure I wasn 't just paranoid and my feet faltered .
tr	O	我听到了他的话，但是我不理解它们。
tr	I	I tried to pull away , and his grab on me hurt .
tr	I	Pooling shadows of a haunted house and there was all the eerie silence .
tr	O	我正在打开一个新窗口，但是这需要几分钟。
tr	O	肯德拉抬起头想从灌木丛上方偷看，但是赛斯把她拉了下来。
tr	I	She smiled for a second , but Michelle couldn 't help it .
tr	O	我很讨厌如此依赖他，但是这无可奈何。
tr	I	Its curly tail was wagging and its little hooves were powering through the mud .
tr	O	尤妮斯可能还没有相信，但是她最终会的。
tr	O	这是件可怕的事情，但是那纯粹是肉体上的痛苦。
tr	I	Kennedy suspected he was hoping to impress Grace , but he claimed he wanted to catch a few more rays .
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安没有逼她进一步招供，并且她对此感到高兴。
tr	I	She bit down hard on her lip and he thrust his fingers inside her again .
tr	O	船长也准许他离开，但是他由老航海员护送着。
tr	O	老师让其中一个学生把她的摩托车开到卡车旁边，并且他帮助了达西。
tr	O	散弹枪翻了个白眼，并且克莱咬住了嘴唇。
tr	I	The Order would make restitution to her family , and if she 'd been mistakenly labeled half-dead , then the wound would certainly kill her .
tr	I	The conversation was riveting , but it was getting late .
tr	I	I can 't help feeling that way , but I shouldn 't feel embarrassed by the times when I 've been vulnerable .
tr	O	他们非常想家，但是他们永远不会回去。
tr	I	She threw them at Serenity and a bundle of clothes was tucked under her arm .
tr	I	Usually in dreams you don 't , but I should have instinctually known that .
tr	I	She would not allow him to suffer because she was a coward , but her heart was pounding like crazy .
tr	I	You walk to the refrigerator and a child needs a drink .
tr	O	我是所有这些东西，并且我什么都不是。
tr	O	他把她放在沙滩上，并且她跑过去检查。
tr	O	管道尽可能保持空气清新，但是空气中仍然残留着一股因岁月流逝而形成的麝香味。
tr	I	It had hundreds of little feet , and it looked rather like a table wearing an evening dress .
tr	O	她吞咽时喉咙动了一下，并且悲伤扭曲了她美丽的容颜。
tr	I	I figured I could control my curiosity just this once , but at every door we passed .
tr	O	艾米从劳拉转向查理，但是查理也在摇头。
tr	I	Gradually it slides out of his shoulder and I pull a bit more .
tr	I	You pray after me and I 'll pray first .
tr	I	No sound came out , but Ian opened his mouth .
tr	I	She wanted more , a lot more , and she hadn 't been kissed in years , not in years .
tr	O	她又抗议了一次，但是他打断了她。
tr	O	上面的车在我们下降时从我们身边驶过，并且乘坐这东西真是一次独特的体验。
tr	O	克劳斯低吼了一声，并且我看到他下巴上的一块肌肉抽动了一下。
tr	O	我们三个人默默地吃着饭，除了我们餐具的咔嗒声和礼貌地低语请人递一下培根。
tr	I	Her half sister was still a bit of an enigma , but she was friends with Rose .
tr	I	Something twitched inside me , and I glared at her .
tr	I	We weren 't taking chances but we should be pretty safe here .
tr	O	我注意到迪伦站得离米娜很近，并且他似乎在用手肘戳她。
tr	I	I couldn 't stop from tearing up , but it 's not cool for a guy .
tr	I	Please don 't mess with my legs , but oh , yes , Lord , give me stumps for hands .
tr	O	很高兴再次来到这里，但是阳光刺痛我的皮肤。
tr	O	迈克尔在“沉睡”中做了很多事情，但是他下方的一切看起来比其中任何一个都糟糕。
tr	I	I used it when I shut the door of 507 behind us , and I had a napkin in my hand .
tr	I	At times it still bothered her but she 'd come to accept it .
tr	O	他向我保证，但是我知道那只是为了安抚我。
tr	O	我的眼睛又开始模糊了，并且我能感觉到我的思绪变得模糊起来。
tr	I	If this was what he 'd come here for , I could listen , but the question felt like sandpaper in my mouth .
tr	O	他几乎听不到自己的声音，像耳语一样，但是这并没有阻止那些人工作。
tr	O	如今每个人都在抱怨暴力，并且你知道暴力时期总是会扰乱交易。
tr	O	我爸爸把黛安娜介绍给乔尔，并且他们立刻就合得来。
tr	I	The roar mounted around the ship as each engine came to life , and a gloved finger flicked the switches , one at a time .
tr	I	It took me half a second to realize it was a gunshot , and a loud noise cracked through the air .
tr	I	I find it hard to be intimidated by her , but a lot of people find my grandmother intimidating .
tr	I	Neil silently blessed the one who had suggested it , and their play involved much argument .
tr	O	那男人咆哮道，并且在我意识到他是在对狼说话之前，我畏缩了一下。
tr	O	谢天谢地，我能吃正常食物，或者我就会有大麻烦了。
tr	O	我醒来时，看到深蓝色的眼睛担忧地看着我迷蒙的绿色眼睛，并且意识到有人在摇晃我。
tr	I	I shifted my h * ps until I felt her wet entrance teasing my tip , and my hands covered her hands .
tr	O	追踪者叫了我一声，但是他的声音越来越轻，我们离得越远。
tr	I	The boat came to a full stop , throwing me further into the person and they yelled .
tr	I	He gaped at Maureen and Robert 's eyes widened .
tr	I	Tried not to fidget and * * * Jo stood at the counter in the school 's office .
tr	O	麦克把手伸给我，并且我站着握住了它。
tr	O	她的背部弯曲着，并且她正沉重地靠在她的双肘上。
tr	I	His gestures became more emphatic , and Toth shook his head again .
tr	O	她选了一张扶手椅，并且他坐到了另一张上。
tr	O	他从未见过他的亲生父母，并且他正在逃离抚养他长大的人。
tr	I	At least Rock will be jealous , and if he 's Lucifer , maybe I 'll find out .
tr	O	在过去的两个月里，他一直是她的邻居，并且她从第一天起就了解了他的情况。
tr	O	斐济很安全，并且奥利维亚知道这一点。
tr	I	Gone the next and married one day .
tr	I	His heart rammed hard in his chest and his mouth went dry .
tr	I	The moving images had stopped , but the walls were glowing again .
tr	I	He 'd always been unflappable , and she 'd known him for centuries .
tr	O	他正要开口说话，但是辛迪抢在他前面说了。
tr	O	雷把它插上电，并且手机花了十秒钟才开机。
tr	O	你的父亲很快就会回来，但是他还有很长的路要走。
tr	I	She wondered why she wasn 't more afraid , and she also knew , somehow , that they wouldn 't stop until they found her .
tr	I	I ducked in under his arm , following Emily , and he held the door open for me .
tr	I	He didn 't want to get into that with her , so he tried to move past her , but he 'd been shot .
tr	O	他拿走了钱，并且它消失在他的口袋里。
tr	O	我不确定他们是否指的是吉尔，但是这很有希望，笔记本电脑的存在也是如此。
tr	O	他没穿衬衫，并且他瘦弱的胸膛被太阳晒得发红。
tr	O	贝丝的声音打扰了夏洛特的思绪，并且她睁开了一只眼睛。
tr	O	我以前来过这里一次，并且那是在40年前。
tr	I	She refused to kiss him in front of everyone but Matt left first after Alissa gave him a hug .
tr	O	她无言以对，但是情绪没有。
tr	O	大部分的冬雪已经融化了，并且有些树上甚至长出了叶子。
tr	I	He kept a grip on it with iron control but his good mood was vanishing fast .
tr	I	I would have lost myself instead or I loved you so much it was as if I had to think about losing you .
tr	O	他很滑稽，并且他很生气。
tr	I	Lori stayed home with her parents and Lanny went on to college .
tr	O	阿里马上就到，并且就结束了。
tr	O	我的脑子一片空白，并且我拼命想把它重新启动。
tr	I	The storefronts were marked with faded graffiti , and the asphalt was cracked beneath their feet .
tr	I	Man did he go all serious on that one , ending it with a growl , and he sneered .
tr	O	她在我身上看到了特别之处这完全说不通，但是我足够聪明能够抓住这个机会。
tr	O	这些是木制的，并且有些有三到四层，上面绘有清晰的设计。
tr	I	That what flickered over its hot surface was the shadows of clouds , and looking at the waste of rock , I first thought it empty .
tr	I	He looked at me in concern , and I cried out when it hurt slightly .
tr	I	I wasn 't , but I could have been hurt .
tr	O	自从我进房间后就没碰过他，但是我仍然想。
tr	O	她停了下来，并且她的脸亮了起来。
tr	O	斯凯勒想把凯德变成下一个超级模特，并且他只是顺从这种疯狂，因为他需要钱来做一些非常重要的事情。
tr	I	His feet dangled over his coffee table , and he stretched out over the couch in his pajamas with his logo embroidered on the front .
tr	I	I was otherwise speechless , but it was the best I could come up with .
tr	O	她无法在没有真正的血液交换的情况下被转化，但是这不意味着她不会感受到影响。
tr	O	几只举着的手放了下来，并且它们的主人迅速地聚拢到前门旁开始形成的小团体中。
tr	I	She hurled it across the run , and both dogs stood at attention .
tr	I	She loved the feel of him against her , but he was heavy .
tr	O	我看着他们跳舞，并且他们夺走了我的贞操。
tr	O	我看到了这项操作的性质，并且它是如何在功能之间进行接口的。
tr	O	他们向他跳去，但是他太高了。
tr	O	就他而言，马修通过从不接受任何主动示好的女性来回报她，并且这样的女性还不少。
tr	O	有人敲了敲她的窗户，并且她惊讶地跳了起来。
tr	I	Irises glowed yellow and pupils stretched vertically .
tr	O	这项研究需要时间，然而他没有这样的时间，并且我们无法保证能识别出毒药。
tr	O	他伸出左手，并且它保持稳定。
tr	I	That horror was slow to drain from my veins , and my heart was still pumping fast with residual terror .
tr	O	人们一直看着我，并且我也做绘画示范。
tr	O	我抓起一个新的，并且这次我非常仔细地留意。
tr	I	She feels the same way about me , and I love your sister .
tr	I	No one ever goes in there and he 's placed in the study .
tr	O	我情不自禁地跳了起来，并且我感到毛骨悚然，因为我的问题得到了一个令人震惊、简直难以置信的答案。
tr	I	She slung her arm around my shoulder , and Daphne noticed the worry on my face .
tr	O	艾娃是自己最大的批评者，但是听了她的故事，他明白了。
tr	O	她的身体因抽泣而颤抖，并且他抚摸着她的背，在她耳边轻声细语，而周围的战斗仍在继续。
tr	O	黑暗军队可以穿越闸门，但是只有合一者才能为舱体供能。
tr	I	I shrug it off , but the lady complains about today 's youth .
tr	I	He had better get moving and he was on his own .
tr	I	I caught sight of my clock and I turned over onto my side .
tr	I	We talked about our impressions so far and we 'd both been working our way through the same book .
tr	O	三双眼睛睁大了，并且亚瑟抓起了平板电脑。
tr	O	砰的一声响彻空气，并且我吸引了杰克·索斯比的注意。
tr	O	罗宾拿起了包的重量，并且我看到他的眼睛微微睁大。
tr	I	Alas it hadn 't , but that should have raised the red flags for him .
tr	I	She understood that and he was wary .
tr	I	I was so frustrated right now , but I felt a little bad for being rude .
tr	I	I want you to hide and she 'll be here soon .
tr	I	He shot a look -- of triumph , contempt , and she flinched ?
tr	I	Then I realize what it is I 'm looking at , but at first the face is all I see .
tr	I	She felt his touch like a brand , yet his mouth nuzzled her neck , a whisper really .
tr	O	我想对米奇的变态行为发火，但是我需要保持圆滑。
tr	O	有人费心恢复了它原有的美丽，并且它很美丽。
tr	I	I know she 's right , but I hate it .
tr	I	He considered the offer of a cat a poor substitute , and his heart was set on getting a dog right away .
tr	O	这个景色乔斯林以前见过，并且她猛地意识到她所在的房间为何会如此熟悉。
tr	I	There was nothing unfriendly about it , but it was a tired sort of grin .
tr	O	她更原始的本能被生命威胁唤醒了，并且它们正尖叫着让她尽可能靠近大卫。
tr	O	莉娜确信其他人也听到了，但是他们没有承认。
tr	I	His smile widened and Victor 's face grew a sarcastic shade of surprised .
tr	O	我已经赚了两百美元了，并且那主要来自午餐时段的人群。
tr	I	He looks like he 's still trying to make some conversation with him , and as Berra crouches down he waves his hand at Williams .
tr	I	His hot seed spilled deep inside me , filling me with a new sensation , and Jett 's groan joined my cry .
tr	I	It had only been a matter of time before exhaustion won out over her stubborn nature , but Chapter 15 Arianna was finally asleep .
tr	O	他可能不想要她对这种情况的意见，但是，她还是很高兴他终于敞开心扉了一点。
tr	I	His hand was steady , but his shoulders were shaking .
tr	O	他无法适应旧的方式，但是，在这支新军队里他能走得很远。
tr	O	他没有说出来，但是，他没必要说。
tr	I	The old demon was too stubborn to listen , but he had tried to warn Riyad .
tr	I	Maybe that was just her imagination working overtime , but he almost looked pleased .
tr	I	For just a second I forgot about the nagging itchy feeling , and the water was cool going down .
tr	I	He had found two girls he liked in different cities and he traveled a lot for his business .
tr	O	那不是很久以前，但是，它仍然让我感觉我好像又在经历第一次约会。
tr	I	A large animal came into view , and there was an odd rustling sound .
tr	I	Another side of me wanted to punch him in the face , but in a way , I was glad she had somebody to keep her occupied .
tr	I	I 'll help you fill out a new application and now come with me .
tr	I	It will take a while but we 're running a program against the variables .
tr	I	He caught a glimpse of death and the head turned toward him slowly .
tr	I	She wanted some answers and she wanted a target .
tr	O	他仍然身无分文，并且，他需要一些东西来缓解现实世界的压力，而当时的现实世界相当糟糕。
tr	O	她脸红了，并且，她的手抬到嘴唇边，随着她的思绪开始游离。
tr	O	其他人的，是的，但是，不是亨利的。
tr	O	我感到非常疼痛，但是，我知道这会过去的。
tr	I	My call goes unanswered , but I yell out my sister 's name .
tr	I	I 'd acquiesce as far as necessary to get my job done , whatever that might be , and he was my boss .
tr	I	The footage is too blurry , but I try to pick out a face , anything I recognize .
tr	I	Beyond that , she didn 't know much about him , but he wasn 't the caricature ladies ' man she 'd allowed herself to believe .
tr	I	A lot of her music is inspired by specific scenes from the games she plays and she 's a gamer .
tr	O	她跳了回去，但是娜迪亚宣判了它的命运。
tr	I	Officer Boden peeked his head in , and the door opened .
tr	I	He looked at her with deep sorrow in his eyes and she covered his hand as he picked up the cards .
tr	O	在烛光的摇曳浪漫中我们享用了美餐，但是这并不是我来坎布里亚郡的原因。
tr	O	显然这里发生的事情更多，并且只有第二代对此一无所知。
tr	I	I felt like a dirty old woman , and Will was so young .
tr	I	He couldn 't get the words past his barriers , but he knew he should say something about them dating .
tr	O	我以为我听到亨特还在说话，但是我走回了我的巴士。
tr	O	他知道这是一种天赋，并且他把它发挥到了极致。
tr	O	当他对他们的记忆清晰时，他记住了每一个细节，并且他已经对他们的物种了解了很多。
tr	O	我们在市中心的减速带上腾空而起，但是这次我没有想到要用我的《哈扎德公爵》式吼叫来唤醒死者。
tr	O	弗林站了起来，但是我仍然蜷缩在地上，无法将那个独眼男人的形象从我的脑海中抹去。
tr	O	他们之前还有些疼痛，但是我点了点头。
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure that I don 't want anything to change , but I might not know what I want .
tr	O	我让他抱着我，泪水浸湿了他的衬衫并且他亲吻着我的头顶，低声道歉。
tr	I	Julie did , but she had no official place in Declan 's life .
tr	I	It has disappeared , but finding no bullets left in the shotgun , he searches for Elder Morrison 's weapon .
tr	I	Before I could respond , he went on , but the words hit me like a slap .
tr	O	格雷就在她准备去吃午饭之前打来了电话，并且当她听到他性感的声音时，心跳漏了一拍。
tr	I	She hadn 't let go , but she had been more than aware of her body dying , of the pain of conversion .
tr	O	风稍微大了一点，并且湖水拍打着他们身后的石头。
tr	O	我刚和凯登打完电话，并且他告诉我他爱我。
tr	I	Then she realized she wasn 't even in the house any longer , but at first , she thought she 'd passed out .
tr	I	It was open just a crack , and it was right above the toilet .
tr	I	She doesn 't want him finding her with another guy and she has it in her head that Felix will return .
tr	O	我忍不住喉咙里发出的轻笑声，并且我向前走去，从杰克逊手中接过孩子。
tr	O	榜单上的人已经被充分利用了，并且他们仅存的价值就是对他们进行身体研究。
tr	I	First they celebrated that a cure had been found for The Great Sleep and the world watched on .
tr	O	他更高大，更强壮，但是即使他也需要休息。
tr	I	I don 't expect Hank for another couple hours and mom is spending the day in her office .
tr	I	I could tell I wasn 't doing a great job , but I tried to cover up the bitterness with a smile .
tr	I	He grew angry and the grin faltered .
tr	O	新鲜的水坑散落在基地各处，并且一层凉爽的薄雾仍弥漫在空气中。
tr	O	她一直在外面，并且天下着雪。
tr	O	我伸手去抓他的皮带，但是他比我更快。
tr	I	I could not resist taking it ' and he left it in the café that day .
tr	O	四周的墙壁向我逼近，并且我需要离开，清醒一下头脑。
tr	I	Warner is so naturally private that he 's the most obvious target for James 's questions , and he 's a curious kid .
tr	O	如果杀手仍然想要她，他就能得到她，并且内特对此束手无策。
tr	I	He headed for the little pizza place on A1A and I got in the Jag .
tr	O	办公室整个上午都气氛紧张，并且每个人都不确定是否应该因为恐怖生化袭击的谣言而待在家里。
tr	O	我们当时真的很年轻，并且那是很久很久以前的事了。
tr	O	门被打开了，并且灯亮了。
tr	O	他们的吻加深了，并且他的舌尖轻触着她的。
tr	I	It still didn 't hide those glowing red eyes of hers , but she was also wearing a red harlequin mask on her face .
tr	I	We 've only been sailing for three hours and I had forgotten how much so .
tr	I	She was peering down into her cup when he sat down and her head was bowed .
tr	I	She needed their support and she cherished the loyalty .
tr	O	玛丽想移开身体不让他触碰，但是她无法阻止内心滋生的渴望。
tr	O	其他车辆停靠在旁边，而且司机们熄灭了发动机。
tr	I	She regarded him quizzically and Sabbath stamped a hoof .
tr	I	I knew with Kennan 's help I would be just fine , but I wasn 't back to being one hundred percent myself yet .
tr	I	She pressed on , but she didn 't like the direction of this exchange .
tr	I	Her head snaps back to the pillow , and I tuck a kiss between her legs in that sweet spot before she can protest .
tr	O	他一开始似乎很高兴见到我，但是现在，他变得拘谨而紧张。
tr	O	妈妈，我很抱歉说漏了嘴，但是父亲最近有点太自满了。
tr	O	这以前总是让达伦笑得很开心，而且他总是取笑我让我亲她。
tr	O	上帝没有召唤她成为护士，但是这并不意味着他不会这样做。
tr	O	我看着丽贝卡，并且她脸红了。
tr	O	指纹不是他的，但是撕裂的血肉呢？
tr	O	他知道马特可能会改变对袭击的看法，但是只要伊森保持忠诚，他就不会离开。
tr	I	Sometimes Stacy was needed to bring the supplies downstairs and there was an AM delivery for the bread shop .
tr	O	他那时拉上窗帘，并且我在他怀里转身，然后沉浸在他的抚摸和吻中。
tr	O	酋长过了一段时间后召集了人们，并且他们都慢慢走回村庄。
tr	I	Remember , you helped pay for all of this ; and you did it !
tr	O	泪水灼烧着她的眼睛，并且她如此深爱他们。
tr	O	他的手臂上布满了纹身，并且那些手臂非常粗壮。
tr	O	其中一个夹子掉到了地上，但是其他的夹子还夹着。
tr	O	斯特赖克邀请我参加他的一次音乐活动，并且我不知道穿什么。
tr	I	They had plenty of time to prepare , but true , Summer was pregnant with twins .
tr	I	I could not get it without having my teeth set permanently right : but I wanted immediate relief from pain .
tr	I	I wanted to keep it that way , and we 'd made it this far unseen .
tr	O	她对我笑了，并且那是我的提示，让我继续前进。
tr	O	他可能已经进入了其中一个逃生舱，但是他是点燃最后一批炸弹的人。
tr	I	She realized it was an opening in the rock , well hidden from view , and Rio pulled her toward the light .
tr	I	He seemed as comfortable as old clockwork , yet he 'd expected to find an injured man .
tr	O	连接很糟糕，并且我听不清她说的所有话。
tr	I	She bore a grin of self satisfaction and she was standing where she was before .
tr	O	我当时突然想到他可能在想，但是却太害羞而不敢问。
tr	O	它的尖叫声刺穿了她的骨头，但是门完全关上了。
tr	I	Then again there was the mask to consider , but they looked alike , based on the drawing .
tr	I	I 'm mostly an offensive strategist , but it wasn 't a great plan .
tr	I	You love me and I love you .
tr	I	Her hand dropped , and he kissed her fingers .
tr	O	她的笑容开始褪去，并且我不喜欢那样。
tr	O	一位女服务员带着一瓶酒来了，并且在瑞安品尝之后，她给我们每个人倒了一杯。
tr	O	她的声音提高了，并且她没有费心隐藏她的愤怒。
tr	O	他们的目光相遇，并且她没有做任何事来打破这种接触。
tr	O	他们似乎没有任何关于裸露的心理障碍，但是米雷耶还是穿着比基尼上衣。
tr	O	她比她认识的任何人都更恨他，但是他不会毁掉她的一切。
tr	I	He receives no answer for a time , but the foam moves him gently , peacefully .
tr	O	她在他面前停了下来，并且她父亲从场边传来的吼声让她猛地将头转向了躺在罗伊斯脚边的长矛。
tr	I	The page was blank again and the text then faded out .
tr	O	我回应了士兵们的问候，并且我们随后将他匆匆带到了总部。
tr	I	He would have to get some proper sleep before that , and they would be asked to identify their son in the morning .
tr	I	The biggest miracle of all is that he is mine , and he is a miracle .
tr	I	That 's exactly why we need you , and I don 't blame you for doubting .
tr	I	I had a very hard time remembering the argument I 'd laid out only seconds ago in my head , and my muscles flexed involuntarily .
tr	I	He knew everything that was going on in this place and Peter was a surveillance man he had the city wired .
tr	I	That meant a lot to me and I had stood up for myself .
tr	O	他拽了拽长袍，但是那些老头子没有反应。
tr	O	当那个女孩如此恐惧并且他们又彼此相连时，不可能不感受到。
tr	O	她把脸颊贴在他的心跳上，并且他将她的头紧紧按在他的肋骨上。
tr	I	The darkness lifted off of me like the heaviest blanket being pulled by the weakest limbs and the piercing tone in my ear drums lessened .
tr	O	我服役至今已有十二年了，并且我从未听说有什么能阻止这种动能，除非你把它击落。
tr	I	Finn burst into the hallway , his gun clutched in his hand , and footsteps thumped through the back of the house .
tr	I	I 'm clawing at the arms holding me back , kicking the air , crying out into the emptiness and there are soldiers swarming around him .
tr	I	He seemed less persistent now and his voice had lowered .
tr	I	It simply seemed normal , but being so close to him should have bothered her .
tr	I	I can see Marlene 's faint outline on the pavement , but the street below isn 't lit very well .
tr	O	我不知道它为什么对我如此重要，但是我不D想独自一人。
tr	I	This is a side totally different for the both of us but if I were in here shoes I 'd be panicking myself .
tr	O	这不是入洞房仪式，并且可能也不会有这样的仪式。
tr	O	她的心跳停止了，呼吸也屏住了，在她阅读那篇文章时。
tr	O	哭泣在我们这类人中并不常见，但是不知为何，突如其来的泪水刺痛了我的眼睛。
tr	I	I wonder how much of that he remembers , and he 's seen it all before .
tr	I	You know what , and if I was being honest with myself I knew I did it to protect myself ?
tr	O	她对族人很有帮助，并且她总是对每个人微笑。
tr	O	我的下巴惊掉了，并且我环顾四周示意。
tr	I	Abraham headed to the tavern to relax , and Dusk signaled the end of his shift .
tr	I	Jack nodded and I shrugged .
tr	I	Your girl wouldn 't let me bring it but I had a computer in my bag .
tr	O	维尔把爪子放在我手上，默默地告诉我他知道情况有多糟，并且他还在。
tr	O	你知道有些蜜蜂的蜇针有倒钩，并且当它们蜇人的时候会把它们的内脏撕出来吗？
tr	O	没有光线穿透墙壁，而且完全的黑暗令人压抑。
tr	O	她正靠在一根柱子上，并且当他看到她时，沃斯惊讶得差点停了下来。
tr	O	我的生活变得清晰，并且我的眼睛变得专注。
tr	I	Now without her they 've gone feral , and she was the one who tempered them .
tr	I	It stung my hot cheeks and the night air was still cool .
tr	I	That left him faintly angry on the whole subject , and I had failed to believe him when he wanted to talk .
tr	O	普洛斯彼罗死了，并且我们还活着。
tr	I	I cling to it and the momentum slams me into a flagpole .
tr	I	Now it might as well have been in the middle of the room , but it was the least noticeable table on the floor .
tr	O	我不确定我身在何处了，而且外貌的变化让我非常不安，以至于我失去了时间的概念。
tr	I	She kept her distance , but Nevaeh soon followed me .
tr	O	我扬起一边的眉毛，并且他耸了耸肩。
tr	I	He made no move on me , but he was inches from my face .
tr	O	乐队的音乐在我耳边跳动，而且我感觉迷失在一片朦胧之中。
tr	I	There was no doubt that he 'd tried to paint hundreds of little legs , but the artist hadn 't got the hang of conventional perspective .
tr	O	她对米沙说了些什么，并且他笑了。
tr	O	我们之前跳舞的音乐早已结束，并且杰克逊拿起遥控器切换到另一个播放列表。
tr	I	Jael pairs off with Hit , and while I 'm thinking about the implications of that , March lends his arm to Dina .
tr	I	To tell him where we were and I told her it was fine .
tr	O	她爬到他腿上，并且他用手臂环抱住她。
tr	O	费伊迅速给母亲打电话，让她去学校接孩子，并且她出发前往花园中心。
tr	O	即使对我来说，这个问题也几乎难以克服，并且最终我们共同的努力可能会失败。
tr	I	It had been unprocessed information hovering on the edge of her consciousness , but she had realised before that Finan 's life hung in the balance .
tr	O	我姐姐不赞成我的谋生方式，但是她也理解我为何追逐学分。
tr	I	They are wonderful kids , but they are a little wild .
tr	I	I barely contain my laugh and he rubs his belly .
tr	I	Alice , bless her heart , comes to visit me but aquarius has passed to the blue world .
tr	O	那个机会之窗已经消失，但是写作的乐趣依然强烈。
tr	O	阳光渗透到我的骨子里，并且我抬起脸，让它温暖我的脸颊。
tr	I	She knew the islands , and she knew the bayou .
tr	I	None of them have had such an effect on me and I 've met guys before who are all those things .
tr	O	他离她只有几步之遥，并且米娅已经能感觉到他了。
tr	O	他移开了视线，并且仅此而已。
tr	I	They 're already wondering , where 's the kids , but they have to realize that Harrison 's a school ?
tr	I	She was going to kill me and something had snapped in her head .
tr	I	She was going to see me , and Marcie was going to look down .
tr	I	It was sealed closed , but there was a latch .
tr	O	小的那个感觉像伊莱扎的，但是格温的准确度没那么好。
tr	O	他所知道的最后一个家，并且他必须保护它。
tr	O	马修对着国王的翻译摇了摇头，但是波斯统治者似乎完全无视了诺拉。
tr	O	这是妈妈和我很少奢侈享受的东西。
tr	O	夏洛特回答道，听起来半梦半醒，并且艾米丽意识到时间已经很晚了。
tr	O	我暂时会同意，但是如果我们想成为好榜样，就必须更谦虚。
tr	I	He couldn 't stop himself , but he didn 't mean to raise his voice .
tr	I	She knew better , but her father claimed the guards were posted to keep her safe from the witch .
tr	O	贾克斯的头影低垂下来，并且一声压抑的咒骂声在房间里弥漫开来。
tr	I	I stood there watching and he walked toward the house .
tr	O	碗碟洗好了，并且她的姐妹们都已上床睡觉了。
tr	O	你本会与我一同坐在天堂的国度里，直到永恒，但是你却选择了邪恶的道路。
tr	O	他的目光停留在米拉身上，但是他却一言不发。
tr	O	这可能至少要花他十二个小时，但是他会搭乘第一班可用的飞机。
tr	I	He didn 't , but I expected him to follow .
tr	O	她不擅长隐藏，而且我们能够追踪到她的信用卡。
tr	I	She didn 't remember waking , and she didn 't remember sleeping .
tr	O	他错了，并且他对了。
tr	O	今天他身着淡金色长袍，并且他光滑的脸上除了眼部的一些微光粉外，没有其他装饰。
tr	I	Charlotte had collided with it more than once , and the girl had a streak of stubbornness a mile wide .
tr	I	It was far from being vanquished but it was hurt , yes , .
tr	O	她哭了，并且我安慰了她。
tr	I	There was disappointment in his voice , but perhaps he didn 't mean to betray himself .
tr	I	We would get through it , right and we were in love ?
tr	I	I prop myself up on my elbows and the painful reality seeps into my skin .
tr	O	他的肌肉没有像应有的那样运作，并且他感觉自己好像在慢动作中移动。
tr	I	He saw the driver descend and he waited by the window until the carriage stopped .
tr	O	蕾根猛地转身，并且科迪向后靠了靠。
tr	O	幸福在她心中涌动，并且她无法抑制住一个灿烂的笑容。
tr	O	我不想他那样做，但是我需要给他这个机会。
tr	I	This is Finn , and I 'm Carrie .
tr	I	We continue on while I hold my side , and he merely matches his pace to mine .
tr	I	He was smiling also , but he was still shaking .
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是这让我更加生气。
tr	O	她蓝色的眼睛很冷峻，但是它们带有一丝脆弱。
tr	I	She would always think of it when she looked at me , and I would always think of it when I looked at Maddy .
tr	I	I wouldn 't trade it , but Life couldn 't have spiraled out of control anymore than it had .
tr	O	双开大门打开了，并且我排入掉队者的队伍中。
tr	O	房间变得安静了，并且甚至那个女人伊莱也不再喋喋不休了。
tr	O	它以一千万美元启动，并且总是随着通货膨胀而增长。
tr	O	你执行了上帝的旨意，而且事情到此为止。
tr	I	All of their shows sell out and the band is really popular .
tr	O	我以前从未有过这种同情心，而且这让我吓得屁滚尿流。
tr	O	医生们进来了，而且我不得不离开了。
tr	I	We could end all this and I would see him at midnight so he could talk .
tr	I	Antonietta thought herself safe with him , but they sensed the predator in him .
tr	O	它帮助不大，但是至少暂时打发了时间。
tr	O	神父出现了，并且警长点了点头。
tr	O	安德鲁没有跟着他们进体育场，但是他也不在门厅。
tr	I	I couldn 't not think of the night I realized that I loved him and the table was decorated with white orchids .
tr	O	凯瑟琳今天不仅想要成功，而且她也想要大量的推荐。
tr	I	She began searching around for another place to sit , and Shannon appeared embarrassed .
tr	O	旧金山以北的海岸并不以高犯罪率闻名，除非你把尤里卡算进去，但是从来没有人会算那个。
tr	O	她把裙子从头上拉下来，并且扔到沙滩上。
tr	I	The ones you 're sentencing to death , but some of us are really bad ?
tr	O	他像疯子一样飞驰而去，而且他们很快就在车流中消失了。
tr	O	不知道为什么，因为他的寸头并不特别好看，而且他可能太高了，我踮起脚都亲不到。
tr	I	I peeled down his underwear , and he let me lead him closer .
tr	O	我是第一位超级英雄，但是我不会是最后一位。
tr	I	He had wished she would make the effort to form friendships with the wives of his close friends , but he hadn 't pressed her .
tr	O	你想看到我休息，而且我让你看了。
tr	O	凯莉从未见过，但是她最近一直很忙。
tr	I	Being a photographer was even crazier , but choosing the arts was insane enough .
tr	I	It was hard not to but I tried not to stare at him .
tr	I	There was a moment of silence , and his upper lip lifted unconsciously , like a dog 's .
tr	O	干扰确实来了，但是却不是杰斯预料的任何形式。
tr	O	我内心深处有某种东西被他吸引，并且我现在就想要他。
tr	I	She wanted to kick herself and Danni felt her defenses dropping .
tr	I	There were no openings along the building 's side walls , but there was space on either side of the building itself .
tr	I	He straddled the wrought iron seat and she gestured to a chair by the table .
tr	I	Donovan shut him down , but Travis started to protest .
tr	I	I figure we should let it go , and we both said some things .
tr	O	我开口了，但是特伦顿摇了摇头。
tr	I	I pulled the little zipper down , and my arm reached around behind her .
tr	I	The clock couldn 't be turned back , but Tessa wished it was as simple as it seemed to have been in her mother 's day .
tr	I	Her hands were clasped together and she had a wide smile on her round face .
tr	O	当梅森第一次出现时，伊薇才三岁，但是她立刻就喜欢上了他。
tr	O	那些小伙子准备玩耍，并且凯文离开了他们。
tr	I	She still wasn 't afraid and she could see everything .
tr	I	Grandma pulled me into one of her big hugs , and I stood up .
tr	O	他眯起眼睛表示支持，并且他低下下巴，仿佛在承诺一切都会好起来。
tr	O	肯尼有一瞬间看起来很困惑，并且然后眨了眨眼，摇了摇头。
tr	I	I can see on the lock screen that I 've missed a call , and my phone is on the bedside table .
tr	O	当他那天早上早些时候接到电话时，他起初拒绝去五角大楼，但是上校坚持了。
tr	O	一个声音嘶嘶作响，并且格雷戈尔花了一整分钟才意识到这声音来自那只蟑螂。
tr	I	Green Lightning was too fast for his own good , but he wished they had .
tr	O	他们聊了一会儿，但是她经常从地图上掉下去。
tr	I	I backed away from his door , and my dad hung up the phone .
tr	O	加文没有告诉他他不能说话，并且里希特正在尽其所能延长他的生命。
tr	I	He couldn 't stay seated one second longer , but he was about to do a very stupid thing .
tr	I	I clench my muscles , and doors open behind me .
tr	I	Still they experienced their world deeply , but Tucker knew dogs lived emotional lives as rich as most people 's , different , alien in many ways .
tr	I	The terms of his will had been made public and it had only gotten worse after their father 's death .
tr	I	A fairytale the even children sometimes believe but this is not true Captain .
tr	I	He knew it now and Simon had known it last night .
tr	O	他不看我，但是他脸上的肌肉绷紧了。
tr	I	The squirrel remained quiet , and the girls continued to rock side to side .
tr	I	His hand closest to the offered knife twitched , and he glanced at the old guy , nervously .
tr	O	烧焦头发的气味让他作呕，但是他继续前行。
tr	I	The remainders usually die before they 're thirty , and most of us don 't make it to twenty .
tr	I	He was too grateful there was water to care , but it hurt to swallow .
tr	O	我听到了道森愤怒的叫喊，并且时间慢了下来，直到几乎是爬行。
tr	I	I didn 't think I would feel so much like me , but I had no idea what to expect .
tr	O	她试图挣脱她的手，但是他将它按在他想要的地方，在她抱着他时粗重地呻吟着。
tr	O	也许她不是世界上最美丽的女人，但是她对他来说是如此。
tr	I	He walked back towards the mirror but she tried to reach for Johnnie .
tr	I	I just wanted to melt right into them , and Dean 's crystal blue eyes seemed to gleam as he delved into mine .
tr	I	The results had been seriously impressive and he had allowed his boys -- no : his new business partners -- to go it alone .
tr	O	她离凯莉很远，并且这就像与自己的女儿分离一样。
tr	I	The man was standing across the street waiting on a large truck to drive by , and he looked back .
tr	I	I said so , and the coffee was very black .
tr	I	A cool ocean breeze soothed the worst of it , but the afternoon sun beat harshly down .
tr	I	I realize I 'm rambling and Asher 's not saying anything .
tr	I	It 's their penthouse and they 're your parents .
tr	I	He looked just a bit injured by that , and I laughed at him .
tr	I	The blood poured , and she opened her hands over the cauldron .
tr	O	她被火焰包围着，并且鲜血正从她的手腕滴落。
tr	O	肖恩的担忧是合理的，但是我不禁觉得我应该对发生在我们身上的事情有一些发言权。
tr	I	Those can be hacked , but the government had access to all cell towers .
tr	I	She pulls it away , but I grab her hand .
tr	I	His tone was bitter , but his words were neutral .
tr	O	我成长过程中只有妈妈，并且她不能带我出去。
tr	I	Maybe we will know more and the inspector will be here later .
tr	O	他硬如磐石，但是他没有从我这里得到任何解脱。
tr	O	塔莎吞咽了，并且随着她的手再次颤抖，茶杯又在碟子上发出了咔嗒声。
tr	O	他看了维奥莱塔一眼，并且她只是站在那里咧着嘴笑。
tr	O	玻璃破碎的声音映照出我内心的感受，并且我突然产生了打破触手可及的一切的冲动。
tr	O	人群中的声音瞬间沉寂，死一般寂静，并且人们松开了狗。
tr	O	她的头猛地抬起，并且她给了我一个生气的眼神。
tr	I	I rubbed his feet while he massaged mine , and we faced each other , each with our torsos resting in a groove .
tr	I	It might just make things worse but I told them I 'd try .
tr	I	I have to try , but I know it 's probably useless to reason with her .
tr	I	They would never reach him but three Masters dove into the water .
tr	I	All good things must come to an end sometime , but my mother has never laid a hand on me .
tr	O	有成千上万的人要喂养，但是即使那样，托马斯也不明白他们要如何才能吃掉所有食物的九牛一毛。
tr	O	嗯，严格来说，是七点十六分，但是我的手机时间有点快。
tr	I	With a thanks I waved as he walked away , and I accepted it .
tr	O	我每天都想着你，并且我爱你。
tr	O	他那布满鳞片的手抓住笼子，并且他长长的手指在她眼前穿过栏杆伸出来。
tr	I	If they just wanted to kill him , they certainly would have come last night , but this whole situation might be a set-up .
tr	O	他试图跳开，但是撞击把一半的堆积物撞翻了，压住了他的腿。
tr	O	刻意的失误，并且更多的门面功夫。
tr	I	Zoey ran fast , and her adrenaline was like gasoline on a fire .
tr	I	Now I 've made my decision , but we were considering it .
tr	I	I was still barely making it and the shoes were still in the shop .
tr	I	The occasional fuzzy crackle of a radio receiver and I could hear voices .
tr	O	卢卡斯看起来不完全相信那个，但是他点了点头。
tr	O	胆汁涌上他的喉咙，并且他一边走一边将其压了回去。
tr	I	The driveway was empty and the house was dark .
tr	I	If that is not possible I 'll have to look elsewhere , but I still hope to find that case .
tr	I	It wasn 't a painful throb , but her wrist was throbbing .
tr	O	我不知道他们会走哪条路去洞穴，并且过了很久我才听到脚步声踩在树叶上。
tr	O	我的目光滑向笼门，并且一个念头浮现了。
tr	I	She could not remember , but Meg knew she had heard the voice somewhere before .
tr	I	He could never do that , and doing so would destroy her .
tr	O	那足以用来指控他的继子，但是凯恩的责任远不止于此。
tr	I	Hazel pointed to the door , but I began to welcome them .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but maybe it was childish .
tr	I	I shook my head no , but he asked if I wanted anything .
tr	O	她是一个新的女人，在一个新的生活里，并且也许，他想，她值得拥有一个新男人。
tr	O	梳理我的头发并上妆。
tr	O	与他不同，那些人逃脱了惩罚，但是他想象，那些军官所设想的任何军事生涯都随着他们的审判而告终了。
tr	I	The powerful beam lit the road in front of him , and he flipped on the switch without breaking stride .
tr	O	她的胃里突然一阵紧张，并且她颤抖地吸了一口气。
tr	I	The small gold hoop that glinted in his earlobe distracted me , but I glanced at Paul , about to cross my arms again .
tr	O	我是杂志的插页女郎，我的书里有一百套胸罩和内裤搭配。
tr	I	He fell back into the grass and suddenly a red mist appeared around his head .
tr	O	你因缺乏食物而虚弱，并且我们不能允许那样。
tr	I	I closed my fingers around it , and my hand was resting on a stick which had been lying in the road .
tr	O	舍里丹对此早有预料，但是她没有预料到这个。
tr	I	There was nothing he could do at the moment except bleed , but Arik fought the hold .
tr	I	Suddenly I was aware I was not alone , but I hadn 't seen a soul all night .
tr	I	That wasn 't a risk Hugh was willing to take , but the kid hadn 't shown signs of any such problem .
tr	O	她试图用一个愉快的询问打破不安的寂静，但是我只是变得更生气了。
tr	O	妮可拉正是加布和消防局其他家伙喜欢带回家过夜的那种女人。
tr	O	她继续照料房子，照料她的家人，并且终于，小托马斯长出了一颗牙。
tr	I	It all happens in Hollywood ... and plot synopsis A professor , a massacre , a vigilante ghost .
tr	I	He starts shaking his head , pulling me closer and Asher 's face is as white as a ghost .
tr	O	人类不得不忍受时间，但是日子却是一种个人选择。
tr	I	I surely wasn 't gon na volunteer any information , but if he asked me directly what happened , I wouldn 't lie .
tr	I	Within a minute , he was back , draping a woven blanket over me , but Benji stood up without a word .
tr	O	你确保你在我之前赶到了他母亲身边，而且我到那里时它已经不见了。
tr	O	他当然想陪她，但是她禁止了。
tr	I	Now it 's in his direction instead of out of the office , but I still have the instinct to run .
tr	I	This is honestly the best part of my day today , but I don 't want to bore you with the details .
tr	I	He was right , but I didn 't admit it .
tr	I	This led to my first bit of good fortune , and I said I was an apothecary plying my skills .
tr	O	这个动作震痛了我受伤的肩膀，但是我甚至顾不上在乎那个。
tr	O	我们来自不同的世界，而且没有任何东西能改变这一点。
tr	I	She looked away , glancing around instead and his sexy smile sent her heartbeat skittering .
tr	I	I waited to see what was going on , but I was tempted to move to French .
tr	I	It takes thousands of years , and mostly only highly trained Wizards develop this skill .
tr	I	He hadn 't warmed to her , but he knew she was one of his mom 's closest friends .
tr	I	They were the closest , but they weren 't the only humans around .
tr	I	A playful smile graced her lips , but one hand parked on her hip .
tr	I	She was here at the centre of it all , and there was so much happening in Stone House these days .
tr	I	Somehow I knew they were as multi-faceted as the coat of a rabbit pausing on new morning snow , but his eyes looked black in the shadows .
tr	I	His teeth sank deep , and he murmured her name .
tr	I	The sunlight would be coming through the open window like it always did and when he opened his eyes , he would be lying on his bed .
tr	I	We stepped inside and the doors opened .
tr	O	也许问不是个好主意，但是她必须知道。
tr	I	The dead had to be left were they lay but the wounded were carried by their comrades .
tr	O	我经常把所有人都召集到拍摄地，而且我觉得我可以开始拍摄了。
tr	I	Then I shall tell you the story of your adventure , and allow your body to heal .
tr	I	That didn 't mean she had been absolutely perfect , but she might have been my parents ' golden child .
tr	I	I 've had all I can take for today , but we 're given half an hour to visit .
tr	O	我们确实有一个能用的丙烷燃气灶，但是这只是一个没有冰的冰盒。
tr	I	All at once she was her old , ultra-cool self again and Anger further drained from her posture .
tr	O	音乐甚至还没开始，而且他母亲就已经激动起来了。
tr	I	Then it was obvious , and Eli pressed himself to the wall wondering who these two were .
tr	I	She resisted other things and things were done to her .
tr	I	If he wanted to stay during the exam , he stayed and the man had absolute power here .
tr	O	他把我抱得紧紧的，并且我无法控制自己，抽泣着伏在他的肩头。
tr	O	整个地方都弥漫着它，而且他的痛苦似乎只会增强它的效力。
tr	O	他们告诉我我可以留下任何我想要的东西，并且他们会派人把剩下的东西打包捐出去。
tr	O	Dex猛地退后，并且一瞬间我以为他也感觉到了。
tr	I	They were blurred , fragmented , but Lucas tried to form his memories of the meeting .
tr	I	The other ended and he couldn 't tell where one began .
tr	O	我的脚踏上了壁炉脚下冰冷的石板，并且我踮起脚尖，这样我就能和壁炉台一样高了。
tr	O	他小心翼翼地支撑着自己，以至于我感觉不到他的任何重量，但是我能感觉到他身体冰凉的大理石般触感紧贴着我的身体。
tr	I	I know him well , and it has a face .
tr	O	那位空手道女人的眼神变得空洞，并且她的声音变得飘渺起来。
tr	O	她的嘴唇因为他们狂热的亲吻而肿胀着，而且她的脸颊泛着粉色，那是他的胡子磨蹭过的地方。
tr	I	His eyes kept straying to Angel , but Jimmy was trying to pay courteous attention to his conversation with me .
tr	I	He snuffed it out with a decisive blow , but the tiny glow of belonging grew to a strong flare .
tr	I	My heart turned heavy and my thoughts swung to Ares .
tr	I	The lighthouse came into full view , and we came around a bend .
tr	O	它是直指的，并且它是上膛的。
tr	O	墙壁总是显得刚漆成亮白色，并且地毯总是被换成与长凳坐垫相同的深绿色。
tr	I	It felt like it was an ocean away , but the small house was only a couple of hundred meters away .
tr	O	雅各布清了清嗓子，并且我把手抽了回来。
tr	O	雨还在下着，但是我没有注意到。
tr	I	She cried out with bereavement , and his mouth left her breast .
tr	O	那并不可怕，但是那是一种调整。
tr	O	我的嘴动了，但是什么也没说出来。
tr	I	I have been trying to make up for that day ever since , but I 've never told her .
tr	O	你让我抓住他，并且就不会有任何庭审要出席了。
tr	O	我知道有可怕的事情即将发生，并且我不知道如何阻止它。
tr	I	JD turned away without another word , and he nodded .
tr	I	He wasn 't letting her off the hook that easily , but she moaned above him .
tr	I	All it served to do was confuse me even more , but I thought summarising the details would help clear things up .
tr	O	他本该被击败，但是她低估了他的技能，以及士兵的支持。
tr	I	There are only , like , three in the Chicago area , and they usually try to stay away from vamp drama .
tr	O	扎恩用力咬了他的后肩，并且泰勒咬紧了牙关，忍住它差点产生的欢愉叫喊。
tr	O	他蓝色眼睛里的温暖熄灭了，并且他的嘴角紧绷了。
tr	O	有时我感觉自己是地球上最古老的生物，并且在山区里，我被比我更古老的事物包围着。
tr	O	她对青蛙发出了沙哑的命令，并且它们重新调整了位置。
tr	O	形成了一小群人，并且女孩们脸上都带着好笑的笑容。
tr	I	Father agrees with me that such a course might be a bit extreme in this case , but we could separate them by building fires with them .
tr	O	我不想完全复制那个，但是我却很接近了。
tr	O	有的走着，并且有的跑着。
tr	I	I hit the mat with a smack , and he tossed me down .
tr	O	你会飞，并且你会战斗。
tr	I	These are silent tears , hot by the time they tip over my chin , but I cry .
tr	O	我努力不回以微笑，但是我很乐意接受他的赞美。
tr	O	她喜欢相信一瓶漂白剂和几个纹身让她看起来很强悍。
tr	I	This wasn 't the one they 'd used before but he helped her into the vehicle .
tr	I	Byron believed discretion was the better part of valor , but Byron 's long-suffering brother-in-law Vlad had told him in great frustration .
tr	O	我不明白我为什么会失去它……而且我也无法阻止它。
tr	I	I couldn 't collect why , yet he lacked confidence .
tr	O	我现在已经走了很久了，而且我只剩下一点点路要走了。
tr	O	我是一个疲惫的老人，而且我失去了动力。
tr	O	我可能又要死了，但是我无法切断连接。
tr	O	有一个舞台，但是它是一个不同的舞台。
tr	I	There were quite a few silver ones , but it had turned out to be full of coins , mostly copper .
tr	I	Thinking the woman had lost her mind , but Garrett asked , trying to be reasonable with his neighbor .
tr	I	I have felt like a fool ever since for trying to make him notice me and John was so different .
tr	O	卢克笑得没那么厉害了，但是他看起来完全乐在其中，放下玻璃杯没喝一口，然后对我眨了眨眼。
tr	I	Paris felt his own arousal increasing , and she shivered again .
tr	I	It 's quiet , almost peaceful here , but I see Ben doing the same .
tr	O	我拍了拍我躺着的沙发末端，并且他走了过来坐下。
tr	I	He 's already made me come and I 've known him ten minutes .
tr	O	也许她想让你在婚礼上感到惊喜，并且如果我搞砸了，我很抱歉。
tr	I	She screamed into the pillow muffling her cries and her makeup washed off on the satin pillowcases .
tr	I	I heard the lapping of water against the shore , and a light breeze brought the smell of rotting fish .
tr	I	Hector didn 't hear him , but Jack murmured something .
tr	O	他的眼睛翻了白眼，并且他停止了反抗。
tr	I	He was at least a fighter , but he was not necessarily a warrior .
tr	O	这太疯狂了，并且我知道。
tr	O	航天联合企业的飞行器尚未准备好发射，并且移动部队的技能不足以准备它们。
tr	O	他们对信贷系统收取35%的利息，并且农民欠了更多的钱。
tr	O	这不像你战胜马布那样戏剧性，但是我把塞琳娜离开小镇的那天算作我一生中最幸福的日子之一。
tr	O	他作为天使的时光几乎没有回旋余地，并且即使他想打破规则，他也做不到。
tr	O	他们在那里待了两周，并且那显然是一次非常成功的旅行，因为当他们回来时，妈妈怀上了我。
tr	I	My birds didn 't seem to mind , but my family was always carping about my shabby appearance .
tr	O	凯恩最初认为这只是个玩笑，但是她上个月留下了几十条醉酒的语音留言。
tr	O	夏洛特语气中的某种东西警告蕾娜现在停止，但是她做不到。
tr	O	拉维娜倒吸一口气，并且他抬起头。
tr	O	那个精灵在他的同类中算高的，但是除非距离很远，否则他不会被误认为是人类。
tr	I	He didn 't touch , but chance came up behind me .
tr	O	太阳还没有完全升起，并且有点交通堵塞。
tr	O	她动了动，并且短裤往下滑了一点点。
tr	O	她的意识感到受限，并且她无法控制自己的动作。
tr	I	He turns his attention to me , and I grab my dad 's forearm .
tr	I	She didn 't know how to describe it and something inside of Mandi was changing .
tr	I	It was just uncomfortable , but I understood why .
tr	O	当然，爱丽丝在类似情况下曾与马克·洛佩兹胡闹过，但是她没有和他发生关系。
tr	O	她可以和塞巴斯蒂安一起离开，并且没有人会察觉。
tr	O	走下楼梯，她环顾四周，但是萨尔却不见踪影。
tr	O	他可能无法拿到自己的武器，但是他仍然可以用老式的方法击败他们。
tr	O	她像抛硬币一样弹了一下耳环，并且它弹到了乔什的脸上。
tr	I	A simple string of small pearls gleamed around her throat , and she wore a modest blue evening gown that clung to what curves she had .
tr	O	他的妻子捏了他一下让他安静下来，但是乔治却一点也不理会。
tr	I	Marshall had his head turned watching me and I started to apply the oil to my front side .
tr	I	She 'd drive straight through , but tomorrow night was Christmas Eve .
tr	I	I can 't really blame her , but she was her usual rosy self .
tr	O	我们一直在打猎，但是一场大雪把我们赶回了城里。
tr	O	我曾很想闯进去看看发生了什么，但是然后门自己吱呀一声打开了。
tr	O	他盯着我，停顿了一下，并且然后他开始奋笔疾书，比之前更快。
tr	I	He 's still our friend , right , but I know he 's made some stupid mistakes ?
tr	I	Jake could not remember what it was , but Ironside had something of his .
tr	O	同性恋在这里直到1965年都是非法的，并且在英国其他地方则是直到80年代。
tr	O	我不确定那是什么意思，但是如果你问我，这对旺达来说听起来挺对的。
tr	I	It was so real , and she had a vision .
tr	O	她可能会死，并且他不能。
tr	I	The bronze bracelet on his wrist shimmered as he tossed the weapon aside , and he snatched the pistol .
tr	I	He 'd bested her and she 'd challenged him .
tr	O	她很清楚我的学业比这些更重要，并且那些重要的事情不应该被她的爱打扰。
tr	O	她会再次离开，并且那他也就完了。
tr	O	他为此快要发疯了，并且我不得不把他交出去。
tr	I	It dropped like a heavy stone to the tabletop , and the blur of wings stopped in mid beat .
tr	I	It was still spectacular , but it might not be peak color yet .
tr	O	绿色一定在红色闪烁开始前就一直在那里，但是她从未注意到。
tr	O	我的手在颤抖，并且我的胸口在剧烈起伏。
tr	O	大家都知道主任是个对咖啡很认真的人，并且提供不合格的咖啡是一种耻辱。
tr	I	I still had to check , but his Mustang wasn 't parked outside .
tr	O	凯蒂的表情变得得意，而且我记起了她今天早上在车里说的话。
tr	I	By seven I was in the shower , but despite that niggling worry , I dozed back to sleep .
tr	I	Joe was putting pressure on her to stick with her story , but Beth Ann no longer seemed so eager to go after Clay .
tr	I	They stay behind their walls , but a few still live here .
tr	I	So far , it was working , and we had an uneasy alliance going .
tr	I	If he had trouble , father was always there to advise him and Rashid could do anything .
tr	O	他脸上的怒容加深了，而且他安静下来。
tr	O	她皱起了眉，而且她的表情焦急，几乎是紧张的。
tr	I	He was looking straight at me , but he was still touching the camera .
tr	O	他一直笑，直到一阵咳嗽发作，并且他被自己的乐趣噎住了。
tr	I	I staunchly put it down , and a yawn started to well up in me .
tr	O	有一刻马格纳斯以为他会从椅子上摔下来，但是暗影猎人的优雅救了他。
tr	I	The hands stopped just past midnight , but he checked his watch .
tr	I	Even you admit you were in the wrong place at the wrong time when you were blinded , but they may have kept things from you .
tr	I	They were glad they didn 't have to scream at each other to be heard and it was less crowded .
tr	I	I had to keep it stifled , but the discovery thrilled me .
tr	O	她什么都想不起来，并且她必须迅速行动。
tr	I	Flung out her arms in victory , and she returned to the living room , plopped on the unforgiving couch .
tr	O	他的面容低垂，并且他的双臂在他身体两侧颤抖着下垂。
tr	O	克劳斯开始纠正他，但是接着又作罢了。
tr	I	Once all the introductions were made , they started the slow walk , and Ursula 's dad shook her dad 's hand .
tr	I	Many kept listening , but some were shocked .
tr	O	几栋房子几乎相连，中间是狭窄昏暗的小路，并且墙壁挡住了渐弱的阳光。
tr	I	I could hear them shuffling around intheir coffin room , but I couldn 't see them .
tr	O	接着，当他唯一的女儿嫁给佩里格林·阿什利勋爵时，房子就归他们所有了，并且阿什利家族也从此一直住在那里。
tr	I	Even the sliding glass doors had been protected , and all the windows had boards .
tr	O	怒火得到满足的释放，像一部旧电影一样在她脑海中回放，但是她预料会随之而来的愧疚却没有浮现。
tr	I	He didn 't want to do that again , and he wasn 't sure he could control it without getting Cassie involved .
tr	I	Johnny cut in but Stu made to speak .
tr	I	I could tell that it wasn 't going to go well , but Jessie was attempting to help .
tr	I	She sighed and that stung .
tr	O	电梯停了下来，并且她被带进了大厅。
tr	O	我试图看着她，但是一块布却一直落在我眼前。
tr	O	Owen 眼睛里带着一丝笑意地看着她，但是她却没能从中看到任何乐趣。
tr	O	伊芙琳努力克制情绪地看着杰米发出第一击，但是她还是退缩了。
tr	I	I was alarmed that its eyes didn 't look any smaller now that its head was bigger and it had fingernails that looked like claws .
tr	O	她母亲趁机又说了几句简洁的话，但是卡罗尔尽力不去理会它们。
tr	O	威尔制止了哈利的反应，并且他们忙着为夜晚做准备。
tr	O	周围没有人能看到他们，但是他知道我看到了就会足够尴尬了。
tr	O	警报在头顶尖叫着，科学家们从实验室涌入大厅，并且我们穿着白大褂如河流般涌向出口。
tr	O	他讨厌看到报废的仪器，并且这些都已经报废了。
tr	O	温度计发出了哔哔声，并且我把它从他嘴里取了出来。
tr	I	She flopped onto the floor and her knees gave out .
tr	O	他的肺会爆裂，或者他的心脏会衰竭。
tr	I	My mouth was weak , but I tore at them with my teeth to make them useable .
tr	I	I was too tired to care , but I thought I heard voices .
tr	O	当教练打开空调时我感到很冷，并且我依偎在道格身边。
tr	I	Connie stopped him by taking his hand , but Mac wanted to crawl under the table .
tr	I	Apparently it was also handy to threaten a girl into doing whatever he wanted , but he 'd explained it was to ward off intruders .
tr	O	我在寻找我认识的名字，但是他们大多数都是辛迪加的商人成员。
tr	O	曼迪说服她买了一款更引人注目的口红，并且她惊叹于它让她的嘴唇看起来多么丰盈。
tr	I	His eyes were framed by long lashes that a girl would kill for , and his thick , dark-brown hair was perfectly groomed .
tr	I	I never heard the thunder that followed , but Lightning flickered farther back in the mountains .
tr	O	他对他的同伴们喊了些什么，并且他们都跑出了房间。
tr	O	几块小石头打到我的车，并且我畏缩了一下。
tr	I	A tattered scarf held the stray pieces in front away from his face , and his shoulder length blonde hair was pulled back in a low ponytail .
tr	I	Once he realized Nash was a pilot , he peppered him with a million questions and Duke was fascinated with the plane .
tr	I	He hollered , blood gushing from his nose , and her elbow connected with the guard 's face .
tr	O	胡里奥终于抓住了水桶，并且他大口喝了一口。
tr	O	雪落在她的头发上，并且她没有穿外套。
tr	I	Ever since I heard him do it , I 've wanted to know , but I hadn 't meant to ask .
tr	O	我努力集中精力上课，但是连英语都无法吸引我的注意力。
tr	I	He smiled and his eyes met hers .
tr	O	翅膀的末端参差不齐，但是颜色的鲜艳程度却分散了人们对它们的注意力。
tr	I	Yet she had still gone to him willingly , and she had known all of that .
tr	I	It was like seeing someone with a bad head cold coming at her and he was widely known as a better rider than human being .
tr	I	I barely noticed Dion as he walked up , and I ignored the car waiting for us .
tr	I	He wanted that someone to be him and if Noelle was going to live , she had to trust someone .
tr	O	我做出要起身的姿态，并且她伸手抓住我的手阻止我。
tr	I	I certainly didn 't want to see the two demons any longer and I didn 't want Davis to catch us .
tr	I	Suddenly it seemed colder , but the breeze off the ocean remained steady .
tr	I	I felt like I was doing a pretty good job , and I was trying my very best not to be overwhelmed by everything .
tr	O	我一生中从未如此寒冷，然而我从未像现在这样欢迎这种麻木的疼痛。
tr	O	她的声音再次哽咽了，并且她抽泣着痉挛。
tr	O	他现在在我身上看到了那种同样的光芒，并且他的羞耻感几乎让他无法承受。
tr	O	她的不情愿并不明显，但是科林看到了。
tr	I	He rose to his feet in a fluidly graceful movement , and a look of intense , desperate longing covered his face .
tr	O	伸出手，她触摸了他的手臂，并且他将身体紧贴着她。
tr	I	I was almost positive she was using marriage to scare me off , but I couldn 't say for sure .
tr	O	监管者们又一次聚会了，并且那个显然是他们领袖的人厉声发出了一些相当直白的指示。
tr	I	Most of them weren 't friendly either , and I could feel their gazes on me .
tr	I	I had no notion of a name , and Lily was not properly expected to hatch for another five years at the earliest .
tr	O	他们的眼睛努力想看清一条可供穿行的道路，但是黑暗中，他们只能勉强辨认出粗略的形状。
tr	O	华盛顿有76,000名律师，而且他排名第一。
tr	O	肯齐柔软的手指触碰我的手臂，令我感到惊讶，并且我抬头看向她严肃的棕色眼睛。
tr	O	可能会有你们一大帮人紧追不舍，但是那不意味着你们能找到他们。
tr	I	I insisted that we move on , but I was shaken from my ordeal .
tr	I	We could all see in his head that he felt it , and he looked injured .
tr	I	I merely stammered but I tried to say more .
tr	O	他笑了，并且我报以微笑。
tr	I	I didn 't want an audience when I did it and I wanted to wake her up .
tr	I	The world around me began to blur back into focus and the lights came on .
tr	O	她看不见他，但是她却直视着他。
tr	I	It softened , but she gave him a pointed look .
tr	I	She would pay and any mistake I made .
tr	I	Maggie shut the door behind them , and shooting wary glances at the pistol , the pirates departed the room with haste .
tr	O	她看着他在自己内心进行的挣扎，并且她看到了他输掉战斗的那一刻。
tr	I	Only a few of them really seemed to care very much about it , and nobody knew anything about the theft , apparently .
tr	O	我从出生起就一直在思考这个问题，并且我确切地知道我们需要做什么。
tr	O	我试穿了它，并且它看起来棒极了。
tr	I	Several seemed keen to set out right away , but most took it with calm resolve .
tr	I	We don 't touch , but we simultaneously take a step closer together .
tr	I	He anticipated a tirade of grumbling from Jem when he arrived and the musty pub had the smell of wet dog about it .
tr	I	One thing I never experienced was what it felt like to make love to someone , but you may be new at a lot of things .
tr	O	他轻轻摇晃她纤弱的身躯，并且她闭上眼睛，睡着了。
tr	I	Then the man gave a soft laugh , and silence absorbed the line for a few more seconds .
tr	I	No worries about it being crowded , and it 's after one already .
tr	I	It wouldn 't happen again , but it had been nice .
tr	I	Instead he winds around the fire pit between us , heading toward me , but at first I think he 's going to eat it .
tr	O	这是一个流浪汉的天堂，并且现场有一张发霉的床垫半截扔进了荆棘丛中。
tr	O	它没有奏效，但是狼人不知道这一点。
tr	I	The bitter taste in her mouth now was blood where she had bitten her lip , and she was herself again .
tr	O	巫妖转向我，并且我看到了他眼中的死亡。
tr	O	多诺万的手按住他的后颈，并且他闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	She needs to trust me enough to open up , but I know we need to have a conversation about what happened last night .
tr	I	When he saw her he smiled and he was leaning back in the sofa , feet up on the ottoman .
tr	I	It hurt too badly but she tried to move it .
tr	I	All three were drool worthy and all three of them had the same tattoo on their respective shoulders .
tr	I	I was dead on for the whole hour and it was an hour long interview about the implications of the financial crisis .
tr	O	这只是因为我被指派接手伊丽莎白安排晚会的任务，并且我已经为此纠结两天了。
tr	O	她回以我一个微笑，但是 我能看出她对我的话语仍存疑虑。
tr	I	It just wouldn 't work if they had to disappear in the middle of something , but they grumbled about being left behind .
tr	O	他的反应很反常，并且 她知道这在某种程度上具有重要意义。
tr	O	我们正考虑让你加入合伙，并且 那是这次会议的原因。
tr	O	我认识他们，并且 我打算杀了他们。
tr	O	乌龟大声笑了出来，并且 我也笑了。
tr	O	她呻吟了一声，并且 他很高兴在那轻柔的声音中听不到任何可能被解读为“不”的东西。
tr	I	He turns to look at me and his arms drop .
tr	I	He could give magic to anyone , but only a Shadowhunter could bear runes .
tr	I	He couldn 't but Matt knew he should stop there , send her on her way .
tr	I	He stood up to take off her jeans , discarding his in the process and Elissa 's hips moved erotically against him .
tr	I	His nose was in the air and the dog 's hackles were raised .
tr	I	He sometimes wondered why such a driving force existed within his mind and it was a compulsion .
tr	O	路易斯会不高兴，但是 路易斯又算得了什么呢？
tr	O	她的双手自动执行了下潜程序，但是 引擎却依然静止。
tr	I	Something about his demeanor rubbed Jason the wrong way and the man was just too pleased with himself .
tr	O	他的目光与她相遇，并且她对他笑了。
tr	I	I shake my head , but it makes sense .
tr	O	血腥味扑面而来，并且我们都后退了几步。
tr	I	Magic works here inside the Gatehouse , and I have a Master Key in my backpack !
tr	O	没人知道，但是它再快也不为过。
tr	O	这不过是一种本能，但是我无法忽视它。
tr	I	The battle began in earnest , and the Kindred rushed forward as well , cries of defiance ringing from every throat .
tr	I	She was a resident of a nursing home , but a Claire Clement had been found in Topeka .
tr	O	我注意到我们两人都共享着同一个扶手，并且很快我便能感受到我们之间散发出的热量。
tr	O	我们每隔几年就会和他发生几次冲突，并且他随后就会消失一段时间。
tr	O	一只手抬起来揉了揉她的太阳穴，并且突然间她就不再跟我说话了。
tr	I	The rose bedroom is the one on the left , and the blue bedroom is the door on the right end of the landing .
tr	I	He was their best and the Pathfinders were legendary .
tr	O	我以为我能让它成功，但是这不可能。
tr	I	She cowered , throwing up her arms , and they fell , a rain of hot coals from the sky .
tr	I	She was panning the chaos and she had a hand-held camera .
tr	I	The words did not come to her lips but the young woman thought to speak .
tr	I	Julianna tiptoed behind Carl , then ambushed him with a big hug , startling him into standing again , and the men sat .
tr	O	你会进入这个房间，并且在我身后的墙壁上你会找到一个平面传输器。
tr	O	她已经把他看作一个十足的野兽了，但是他不能让对她的威胁继续下去。
tr	O	但丁的话语回到我脑海中，但是他的声音听起来像我父亲的。
tr	O	他可能在你参加这次旅行中起了作用，但是是你的天赋让你实现了梦想。
tr	I	Every minute now isn 't there and there 's more to this brotherhood each ?
tr	O	它更宽，可能是为了容纳更多的交通，但是我也知道那是一条主要干道，因为它看起来几乎是活的。
tr	I	I heard anyway , but I didn 't think she meant for any of us to hear .
tr	I	It was the best connection I 'd ever had , but I knew he must be on a cell phone .
tr	I	At least I could breathe , but the smoke still burned my eyes .
tr	O	大卫的大部分玩具都放在它的橱柜里，并且墙壁上装饰着他的艺术作品。
tr	I	He 'd have deserved it , and she probably would have slapped him .
tr	O	他驾驭着海浪，直到它在他身后破碎，并且他的冲浪板在浅水区缓缓停下。
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and my stomach churned .
tr	I	She wanted to be alone when that happened and if she stopped now , she 'd fall apart .
tr	I	He 's feeble , but he had good ideas to bring forth some policy in this world .
tr	I	That was empty too but she crossed to the chicken house .
tr	O	司机猛踩刹车，并且汽车打滑停了下来。
tr	O	一时间似乎陷入了僵局，但是我让步了。
tr	I	Her eyes blazed at the memory of Chuck outside the Fort House and the blood rushed to Violet 's cheeks .
tr	O	他责备自己，因为他是一名医生，而且他认为他应该已经看到那些迹象了。
tr	O	他继续让我以为我们之间的一切都是谎言，而且那幅画让我想起了这一点。
tr	I	My muscles refused to obey , but I knew I should leave .
tr	O	人们一直都在说，但是他们并非真心。
tr	O	我记得当我得到它的时候，纹身师看我的眼神就像看一个疯子，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	他的冷淡语气以及对被他遗弃的世界的提醒，让她胃部收缩。
tr	O	那景象让他吃惊，而且他吓得跳了一下。
tr	O	这里二楼的窗户亮着灯，而且他能看到窗玻璃后面有人影在移动。
tr	I	Her cheeks were flushed pink and her eyes looked wild with desire .
tr	O	我们的目光在彼此之间交汇，并且我能感觉到悲伤像太妃糖一样在我们之间蔓延。
tr	I	Jamie gives me a wide grin and I stand still as Mom waves .
tr	I	I did eventually drift off , dreaming of bodiless faces who forced me off cliff tops , but it was a long time coming .
tr	O	他正要向艾莉森解释这一切，但是他停住了自己。
tr	O	我张开嘴想说话，但是他打断了我。
tr	I	He 's looking at me with his beautiful blue eyes and I 'm still holding his hand .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but inside , Matt flicked the light switch in the hall .
tr	I	He was already speaking into the mouthpiece , but she let out a yelp of protest .
tr	O	他叫了她一声，并且她专注于他英俊的脸庞。
tr	I	I was surprised at his reverent bow and Avalon was quick to stand up .
tr	O	詹妮还不知道，但是他们已经带走了她的表亲。
tr	O	我们俩都笑了，但是我觉得不安。
tr	I	I closed my eyes and a single , solitary tear fell .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she wasn 't sure what she was supposed to see this time .
tr	O	我拉扯她的头发，也许比我本意更粗暴了一些，并且她的吻变得狂野。
tr	I	Soon the entire household was roused and Sarah called out for help as soon as they neared the gates .
tr	I	He regained his composure , and finally the glisten in his eyes faded .
tr	I	The sound was off , but the picture was on .
tr	I	I don 't care , but I taste blood .
tr	I	There was more on the ground and the foliage was soaked in blood .
tr	I	Yet here I am , and I did nothing wrong .
tr	O	那是愚蠢的，笨拙的，并且她现在正在为此付出代价，此刻他的手正紧紧地缠绕着她的靴子。
tr	O	过于认真，而且你会僵住。
tr	O	他不断地注视着她的眼睛，并且这让她非常紧张。
tr	O	房门猛地打开，并且一名穿着女仆装的瘦弱女人冲了出来。
tr	O	她很火辣，而且她像一副紧身丝绒手套一样滑到我身上。
tr	O	我决定再给他们五分钟时间，让他们自己弄明白，并且我就会去替他们做。
tr	O	夏天很快就过去了，并且乔·梅根进入了高中毕业班。
tr	I	Bryan 's curiosity had grown unbearable , but they hadn 't talked about the trip down Dune Road for almost twelve hours .
tr	I	It wasn 't just from the heat and my palms were dripping with sweat .
tr	O	这个陌生人不知道情况有多紧急，并且杰森不打算浪费一秒钟。
tr	I	This proved crucial , and the recovery of the information included the names of teachers .
tr	I	The line at Loreen 's register still had about five people in it , and there were about eight orders to fill .
tr	I	I couldn 't place it , but something about him was so familiar .
tr	I	Right now I was close to it , but I never lost my cool .
tr	I	There is something very important contained within those things , but I don 't need to tell you of this .
tr	I	For now I was too tired to even really put much effort into being pissed , but I 'd get there eventually .
tr	O	我不能确定她会怎么决定，但是当她移开视线时，她伸手去拿桌上的钱包。
tr	O	我想离开这里，但是一股突如其来的炽热怒火刺痛了我。
tr	O	我响起的手机破坏了气氛，并且当我看到屏幕上克拉拉的名字时，我呻吟了一声。
tr	O	马特奥的葬礼已经过去两天了，并且从那时起她就一直表现得很奇怪。
tr	O	我赶紧坐起来，眼睛睁大，扫视房间寻找跟我说话的人，但是我没看到任何人。
tr	I	Her blouse awry and her pants were wrinkled .
tr	I	Ghosts cluttered the furniture , and skulls , bats , cobwebs .
tr	I	I see him smiling , his green eyes twinkling , and he lifts his helmet a little .
tr	O	锯齿状的会更疼，但是他有充足的时间来处理那个。
tr	O	液体溅到桌子上，并且水壶从桌子滚到地上时发出了巨大的哐当声。
tr	I	A ceaseless stream of vehicles was flying through the intersection at a blur , but there did not appear to be any stoplights .
tr	I	She was able to take a deep breath , and his plain , focused thoughts made things better for a moment .
tr	I	I have won and you have lost .
tr	O	他似乎在进行一场无声的战斗，她不知道是为了什么，但是她被他身上散发出的紧张感所困扰。
tr	I	Whatever meal you called this , given that it was three in the morning , or I focused on my breakfast .
tr	O	几个变形者立刻走了出去，但是其他人却不慌不忙。
tr	O	他像前一晚那样吻了她，并且夏洛特几乎无法体会那股将她淹没的感觉。
tr	I	They stood behind some filing cabinets for the physical inspection , but she had been in a small office -- all glass .
tr	O	他不打算为她道歉，并且我不想再谈论这件事了。
tr	I	Her lips trembled , and tears glistened in her eyes as she stared back at him .
tr	O	这无疑是进步，并且它值得一些奖励。
tr	I	The white gauzy curtain blew gently in the night breeze , and the moonlight shone through the window that overlooked the streets of San Francisco .
tr	O	车已经启动了，并且我仍然盯着他。
tr	I	The black Lab leapt out , and Robin quickly moved to open the passenger door .
tr	I	She left him to his memories as she headed down the hallway to Ren 's room , but Kateri had no idea who the woman was .
tr	I	She moved on quickly , and it wasn 't quite a lie .
tr	I	That was never to be , but Jacqueline had wanted a daughter .
tr	O	我说，并且她沉默了。
tr	I	It sounded like there was a lot of activity in that room , but there were no voices .
tr	O	她在给他送行，并且再也无法亲吻那些嘴唇的想法让他心碎。
tr	I	Yes , the boy could well be Galilee Green , but it was hard to tell at such a distance .
tr	I	It was generally the person who had the most to gain , and Homicide was almost always committed by someone who knew the victim .
tr	O	木星爆发出一阵笑声，但是当佩里站起来时他压低了声音。
tr	O	我的白天很忙碌，并且我把夜晚花在努力忘记白天上。
tr	O	他如此爱我们的孩子，而且她甚至还没有来到。
tr	I	He was the one who helped save their lives and Savannah told them that he knows about their magic .
tr	O	他没有办法知道这一点，但是他感觉它是真的。
tr	I	I figured that the less I knew the better off I would be and she refused to tell me what she was involved in .
tr	O	她在他的眼中迷失了，而且当那一刻过去时，她感到失落，身体因失去而颤抖。
tr	I	You 're condemning me , and I 'm the one standing here talking about doing the right thing , for everyone .
tr	O	坐进一辆满是汗臭男人的小车的念头毫无吸引力，但是我还是尝试了一个礼貌的微笑。
tr	I	She turned from the coach , and Barth was given his instructions .
tr	O	他坚守在舵位，而且夜空越是变暗，他就越是绝望。
tr	O	整个世界都简直是反对我们在一起的，而且在我们的潜意识睡眠状态中相遇根本算不上重要的独处时间。
tr	O	奥林当场放开了那个男孩，并且麦克斯跌倒在地。
tr	O	那是元月底寒冷的一天，但是寒冷似乎根本没有影响到他。
tr	I	In reality she wasn 't in the mood for humor , but Natasha smiled .
tr	I	No matter what happened , it was worth it , and I 'd had a great night .
tr	I	They 'll come to win and they 'll come with the best .
tr	O	她的眼睛半闭着，并且她的呼吸更快了。
tr	O	我明白他说的，并且这让我感到不知所措。
tr	I	Julie twisted away from him , and he playfully nudged her ribs .
tr	I	She was drenched and her clit was swollen .
tr	I	All the hairs on my body stood on end , but I don 't know why it was so important that we didn 't hear .
tr	O	她咬着下唇，并且我能看到她眼中的困惑。
tr	O	那个老贱人被捕了，并且杰克的名字被洗清了。
tr	O	她继续和他搏斗，但是他对于她来说太强壮了。
tr	O	梦魇的耳朵竖了起来，并且她看向了窗外。
tr	O	他替我拉开椅子，并且我坐了下来。
tr	I	Eleanor sensed a wiry strength in this young man , but the clerk 's arm was thin .
tr	I	Mom ran to get it , and the doorbell rang a few minutes before three .
tr	I	The face still swims in front of me , but I recognize the voice .
tr	O	她可能很瘦，但是她沉甸甸的体重正在摧残我的手臂肌肉。
tr	I	To stay alive we must eat and we eat because we are alive .
tr	O	她说话时声音有些颤抖，并且有一种让他感到内疚的赤裸裸的希望。
tr	I	He looked at McCoy , and his eyes cleared somewhat .
tr	O	利亚姆意味深长地看了尼古拉斯一眼，并且他的目光随后滑向我，以强调其意。
tr	O	如果她从我这里感受到的只有欲望，她就不会相信爱，并且我也不会怪她。
tr	I	The illusion was broken and in most cases a wink would be frowned upon , lest the audience saw it .
tr	I	Even that had his body reacting and she made a sound of frustration .
tr	O	珍把她的刀给了他，并且他便开始磨刀。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but Cassidy scowled at this .
tr	O	他对我吐了吐舌头，并且我们四人便前往第五区机器人实验室。
tr	I	You will meet me at the South one , and we will be waiting at the North podium .
tr	I	I could see the tension shoot up his spine like a steel rod , but his back was to me .
tr	I	The cliffs transform into a wall of formless gray and the waves become one long dark blur beside us .
tr	I	Then of course there was school , and there was never enough time in the day to work on his inventions .
tr	O	她松了一口气，但是艾萨克没有收起他的枪。
tr	O	只有两张桌子有人，并且大厅异常安静。
tr	I	I resist the urge to look away from the intensity of it , and he searches my face .
tr	I	Her eyes glimmered , and Kenzie hunched her shoulders , looking off into the distance .
tr	O	她示意他回去，并且他便朝他们走去。
tr	I	The excitement flooding her senses goaded her on , but Jasmine knew she shouldn 't let this continue .
tr	O	我的手指摸到了她的后颈，并且我轻推她让她面对我。
tr	O	嗯，在那之后，我别无选择，只能恨你。
tr	O	最初我以为她生我的气，因为我允许她牺牲自己，但是我后来才意识到那是羞耻。
tr	I	There was no way Tyler was going to give up this mutt , but she wasn 't a dog person .
tr	O	这听起来很奇怪，但是它运作良好。
tr	I	I think you get the point , but she stared at me - well , at her nose , actually .
tr	O	一根血管在他的太阳穴处跳动，并且我疲惫地后退了一步。
tr	I	I marvel at how badly she 's misjudged the situation , and she gives me her evil smile .
tr	I	It sure was a nice turn of events , but this hadn 't been expected .
tr	O	你甚至能看到我手指的形状在即将出现的瘀伤中显现，并且我所能做的就是盯着它看。
tr	I	The stars are so bright , and the night breeze is sighing past us .
tr	I	She tolerated it , but she didn 't appreciate it , especially since her name was actually Dagmar .
tr	I	At the moment he was still shaky , but he 'd be fine in a couple of days .
tr	I	It was so much easier to fal asleep without the fear of screaming myself awake , and I hadn 't realized I was so tired .
tr	I	I was too focused on the girl next to me to mind , but Miller made that disgruntled sound in the back of his throat again .
tr	O	石头猛地挥出，并且我呼气。
tr	I	One is hanging on with his life , and five of your friends died .
tr	I	He 'd asked , after all , but she knew she chattered .
tr	O	斯大林咬着嘴唇，并且加百列看起来快要吐了。
tr	O	我会被你带进那个洞穴，并且你会找到卢卡（LUCA）的样本。
tr	O	凯特琳从角落里往外看，并且一个蜷缩的身影正躺在建筑物的一个格栅上。
tr	O	我经历过更糟的，并且我也能熬过这个。
tr	O	珍妮描述了她把车停在哪里，并且保安给她指明了正确的方向。
tr	I	He took a seat on the couch , and I led him inside the dim house .
tr	I	Sarah looked forward to preparing for the holidays , but it was a particularly cold winter that year with constant accumulating snows .
tr	I	I wistfully watched the way their bodies instinctively moved toward one other and they stared into the others ' eyes .
tr	O	我叹了口气，并且她僵住了。
tr	O	我猛拉胳膊，试图挣脱，但是没有用。
tr	I	When there was no reply , she pressed her ear to the door and she waited a moment .
tr	O	他们成功的公司于1987年被雷神公司收购，并且在十年努力工作后，两人都非常舒适地退休了。
tr	I	When they brought it here to the Human World , it stopped Lost Souls from crossing over and it was a crystal they stole from The Afterlife .
tr	I	The power behind it rivaled hers , but he wasn 't as fast as she was .
tr	I	The snow stopped falling and the wind had dropped .
tr	I	The desire to see him is burning me up from the inside out , and Wilder doesn 't answer .
tr	I	I ran a finger along the beveled edge of the glass desk , and a pang of sympathy rushed through me .
tr	I	Any time she was feeling confused and she cooked after work , on her days off .
tr	I	I didn 't actually answer her question , but I shook my head .
tr	I	They hung on grimly and soon only three children were left in the tree .
tr	O	他没有亚历克精致的浮雕般的外貌，但是杰斯的脸更有趣。
tr	I	Charlie was pleased he 'd thought of it and that looked like a slip .
tr	O	我自从我们早些时候谈话以来一直在查阅数据库，并且我没有任何关于汽车销售的信息。
tr	O	它把我转来转去，并且我疼得畏缩起来。
tr	O	他凝视着倒下的吸血鬼，并且那吸血鬼正与他对视。
tr	I	That stick was beginning to wiggle free of his anus , but he might not be smiling .
tr	I	We can 't afford to be picky right now , but mom always says it 's horrible stuff .
tr	I	I wasn 't happy about it and I 'd killed two young men .
tr	O	她手里拿着弓，但是弓弦断了。
tr	I	I 'll set things in motion and give me your credit card number .
tr	O	我的眼睛刺痛，并且我的内心颤抖。
tr	O	我压制住了它，并且那种感觉过去了。
tr	O	他试图保持不动，但是当她的牙齿擦过他敏感的头部时，他无法克制。
tr	I	He had his other arm around her shoulders , but he kept one hand on the rope , too .
tr	I	After seeing the septic , he had to be telling the truth , but I always thought he was lying .
tr	O	谢尔盖的按摩被一个来自莫斯科的电话打断了，并且他心情很糟。
tr	O	她差点给我买了一个亮粉色的，但是我及时阻止了她。
tr	I	I needed a beer but it was early .
tr	I	She never wanted it to end , and the love he showed touched her deeply .
tr	I	I needed her to know why I hated her dad , and I needed her to see the sincerity in my eyes .
tr	I	My eyes are alert and my back stays rigid .
tr	O	他试图回到莎拉出现之前的样子，但是他没有感到任何东西，反而感到了一种压倒性的悲伤。
tr	I	Mackenzie wanted to find some Tums for the ulcer his smile was causing her , and Ethan looked his most handsome , his most charming .
tr	I	He 'd started traveling extensively , and the company had moved headquarters .
tr	O	她什么也听不见，并且没有一丝热度。
tr	I	He won 't let me , but I try to pull away .
tr	O	我忘了今晚是家庭晚餐，并且我妈让我必须在这儿。
tr	I	That 's when history came alive for me and before that we lived in England for four years .
tr	O	它很美，但是它让托马斯措手不及。
tr	I	It hit and she parked .
tr	O	他的手动得更快了，并且她试图将他阴茎的整个前端含入嘴中。
tr	O	我来自纽约，但是我出生在加拿大。
tr	O	我渴望了解我的这个女儿，并且我根本不信任那些人类。
tr	I	Danika closed the phone , and Stefano disconnected .
tr	O	我苦苦支撑着我最后一丝理智，并且我心想，臆造鬼魂是理智沦陷的征兆。
tr	I	Built on them , made them better , but he followed orders to the letter .
tr	O	妖精的目光从未离开凯莉，并且他回答问题时，他对凯莉说话。
tr	I	It snarled and I flinched .
tr	I	When she had seated , the stranger sat down too , and Lisa did as she was bade .
tr	O	我们没有等待援兵，并且漫长的期盼可能会对部队造成不利影响。
tr	O	我没觉得自己打他那么重，但是他一点也不急着站起来。
tr	O	两个女人在尖叫，并且现场很快陷入混乱。
tr	O	她的头发是无色的淡金色，用梳子紧紧地向后梳着，并且她的眼睛是燧石般的灰色眼眸。
tr	O	他的思维放松了太多年，并且他需要再次锻炼那些思维肌肉。
tr	O	你有你的过去，那不关我的事，并且当南抛出诱饵时，我上钩了。
tr	O	爆炸伤口的感染很糟糕，但是我想你已经知道了。
tr	O	你搬家了，并且在我意识到之前，你已经开办了自己的电脑公司。
tr	I	She remembered everything but the vision vanished .
tr	I	He didn 't , but he could have taken advantage of me .
tr	O	她放下了电话，并且它立刻又响了起来。
tr	I	I consoled him and he got upset .
tr	I	The flavour was better than what was available in London , so he passed the cup to Amy , and it wasn 't bad .
tr	I	It meant little , but the house was solidly here .
tr	I	Slung his weapon to the ground with another stem , and the sarcastic swiftly grabbed Nolen with a long stem .
tr	I	The trap was going to fail , and the thing was too fast .
tr	I	It 's there , but it 's subtle .
tr	O	我想相信他，但是恐惧依然挥之不去。
tr	I	It was everything he 'd hoped , and was the title of the article .
tr	O	我眼角余光看到瓦西里摇了摇头，但是我无法看着他。
tr	I	The day , whose weather had veered from hazy to bright , was fading and the sun was already beginning to set on this beautiful pastoral scene .
tr	O	你可以为我工作来促成此事，或者你每天至少可以和我一起吃一顿饭。
tr	O	地毯已经陈旧了，并且管道是战前的。
tr	I	He sounded genuinely concerned , and his excited tone changed .
tr	O	有力的手指推开了她的内裤，并且她感到他将手按压在她那里。
tr	O	我能闻到她呼吸中的波本酒味，并且我向她靠过去。
tr	O	又传来一声尖锐的哔哔声，并且接着后备箱锁弹开了。
tr	I	Isaac wasn 't ready to talk , but she asked .
tr	O	希望很快有毒贩出现，或者我就得为明天想出别的办法了。
tr	O	我自己的丁香甚至还没开花，而且它们的芬芳就已经让我窒息了。
tr	O	他们那天正在举行一项特别促销活动，并且那个地方对公众开放。
tr	O	边缘磨损了，并且它显然很旧了。
tr	I	She was Madrigal , and she was Karou .
tr	I	It made her weak in the knees , and he knew it was her favorite spot .
tr	O	他是商业大师，但是他对人际关系知之甚少。
tr	I	The word escaped his lips before he could stop it , and still , after reading the article , Chris couldn 't help it .
tr	O	他把它往下滑了，并且她直挺挺地站着。
tr	O	莫蒂默起初试图过滤掉那个声音，但是很难忽视。
tr	I	The tension was still there , but it helped to a degree .
tr	O	大多数商店都黑着灯，但是一家小酒馆的窗户上挂着招牌，写着“营业中”。
tr	O	这个问题暗示着亵渎，并且没有得到任何答复。
tr	O	他把手伸过桌子，并且他的拇指轻轻摩挲着她的。
tr	I	He doubted that he 'd get it , but he had asked for a full company .
tr	O	无论她的事业把她带到哪里，家乡始终是怀俄明州的一座山，并且亚历克斯·麦克尼尔将要改变这一切。
tr	O	这不是一枚订婚戒指，但是足以传达信息。
tr	I	There it is , but it 's hard to think that I have enough pride left to damage .
tr	I	His question was downright angry , and his voice was tight with agitation by the end of his explanation .
tr	I	My dreams had felt more real to me and that 's why life had been so hard .
tr	O	罗伯的身体倒在地上，但是我却僵住了。
tr	O	护士肯定也看到了，因为她利落地拍了拍手，并且我跳起来大约三英尺高。
tr	O	他不知道她认为他做了什么，但是他没有碰她。
tr	O	世界各地的村民都可能很爱管闲事，但是他们的好奇心源于对邻居的真诚关心。
tr	O	它很漂亮，并且她想触摸它。
tr	O	他毕竟是一名士兵，并且他显得非常决心要获得他想要的信息。
tr	I	She realized where she was and her vision cleared up .
tr	O	能量仍在稳定流动，并且凯特有一种被净化的感觉。
tr	I	It didn 't stay changed , but as silence stretched on , embarrassment made me change the subject .
tr	I	Clare thought she recognized them but they were not very clear .
tr	O	她的嘴也张开了，并且他沉醉在她之中。
tr	I	She 'd had quite a shock , and Elizabeth had to be in her first trimester .
tr	I	He swung it out of her reach , but she made a grab for the bag .
tr	O	这不是节食餐，但是她还是吃了。
tr	O	只有适度的掌声，但是他并不介意。
tr	I	The dose was quick to take effect , but she thought to object , to ask him to leave .
tr	O	一滴眼泪滑下我的脸颊，但是我没有擦去它。
tr	I	She did nothing to stop them , and tears streamed openly down her face .
tr	O	克莱尔递给我一件背心，而且贾里德鼓励我穿上它。
tr	I	I knew then that someone really was and he reached for my hand .
tr	O	他给她提供了她长期以来所需的情感支持，而且那是一种强效的催情剂。
tr	I	They 're not necessarily everyone else 's , but I have my own personal ideas .
tr	I	They got away with it every time and they treat us like crap every day .
tr	I	I had no idea which button to push , but I assumed it was Janet on the intercom .
tr	I	They sat down in the sand and Bill grabbed a blanket out of the trunk of the car .
tr	O	此外，他不仅通过自己的眼睛看她，然而他还通过塞巴斯蒂安的眼睛看到了她的一些侧面。
tr	I	She would still be no match against the power of the Destroyer , but she had grown powerful since the battle of Shattered Rock .
tr	O	我的门突然打开，并且我妈妈冲了进来。
tr	O	他将光标移到上面，而且文件消失了。
tr	I	Perhaps that was what scared her the most , and he was a man who made Eve feel safe .
tr	I	She felt herself drawn to it , and it was a very handsome face .
tr	O	在哪里不重要，只要他能和儿子在一起，而且他们是安全的。
tr	I	He doesn 't wish that to be gone , and she is still smiling .
tr	O	加百列在他清醒的时候自动扫描，而且现在他感觉到布赖斯进入了医院。
tr	O	罗兰为救我做了很多，但是最终，这都无济于事。
tr	O	“女巫集会”这个词并不陌生，但是我们中没有人以前把这个词用在我们的小组上。
tr	O	你能看到那扇门的能力极其罕见，并且电网的这一部分持续存在，就像我根本不存在一样。
tr	I	I 'm excited ... and which means I can expect them anytime now .
tr	O	你工作很努力，并且这很明显。
tr	I	Janet wanted nothing to do with slowing it down but their relationship was moving incredibly fast .
tr	O	她的警告让我及时把头移开，并且他的指关节反而撞进了我的左眼窝。
tr	I	Every nerve was on fire , yet she was limp , disbelieving .
tr	O	他只要一动，那么我就会先开枪，再问问题。
tr	I	It didn 't mean I could so easily let the past go , but I believed all of that .
tr	O	它们看起来平平无奇，并且我能明白为什么这个主张没有受到质疑。
tr	I	Her phone 's battery had been stripped out , or either reception was being blocked .
tr	O	她不再笑了，并且这也并非完全出人意料。
tr	O	不只是薄雾，并且不只是黑暗。
tr	O	他什么也没感觉到，并且他永远也不会。
tr	I	I gave that to her yesterday , but it was written on her schedule .
tr	O	似乎没有什么可说的了，并且罗宾结束了对话。
tr	I	I could tell the men guarding him had their doubts , but Rashid seemed excited to give us this gift .
tr	O	他用力向前一拉，并且辛迪随之飞了出去。
tr	I	All of them occupied the shallower end of the pool , and only a few couples were in the water with us .
tr	I	Already she 's fretting and she 's barely above the surface .
tr	I	I had to try it , but it was a long shot .
tr	I	My skin tingled , and my throat started to burn .
tr	O	托比亚斯·伊顿是个可耻的名字，而且现在它是一个强大的名字。
tr	O	那似乎不对劲，但是格雷不能再浪费时间了。
tr	I	There was no change there but his eyes roamed her face .
tr	I	It was perfect for Erik 's purposes , but such a coach was considered quite small by the ostentatious denizens of Paris .
tr	O	当他抚摸她的皮肤时她感到一阵寒意，但是她不能让那句话就那么算了。
tr	O	我没料到触摸她时会有任何感觉，但是我有了。
tr	I	Women owned businesses in this region and you brought big money into this firm from some of the most successful minority .
tr	O	晚餐很美味，但是他们俩都对彼此太过兴奋，以至于吃不下饭。
tr	I	Some things found themselves outside in the snow this time , but we continued to stumble over his gear scattered all over .
tr	O	威尔不知道那是什么，但是他喜欢那些洞穴。
tr	O	他吃光了每一口，并且我几乎想要鼓掌。
tr	I	I 've really got ta go , but hey , I had fun too .
tr	O	也许那只是对可怕场景的恐惧，但是杰森认为更有可能是她的良心突然作祟。
tr	I	It threw an indigent look at her as it ran away and stepping out the back door , Moody startled the nasty rodent .
tr	O	他没有与醉酒凡人打交道的经验，但是他觉得这不对劲。
tr	O	我们无法看到所有起因，并且我们无法看到结局之前将发生的一切。
tr	I	I cringe as it clashes to the floor with me and I knock a metal tray off of a table at the same time .
tr	I	He followed her carefully down the hall to the elevator , and they locked up .
tr	O	天知道她期望找到什么，但是至少专注于此让她暂时忘记了父亲的突然离世。
tr	I	She couldn 't say no , and Helen had helped Kylie .
tr	I	With a sharp shove , I force everything to exit my body , and I drop my head down , jab my finger down my throat .
tr	I	He acted like I wasn 't talking but I argued with him the entire time .
tr	I	You 're not , but I 'd understand if you were thinking with your dick .
tr	I	His hand landed just above my knee , and Aiden 's other arm swung around with startling quickness .
tr	O	杰克从厨房进来，舔着手指，并且阿拉娜拍了他的肩膀，发出了不满的声音。
tr	I	Sarah saw him grin , and a face suddenly loomed in a side window .
tr	O	我们刚等他离开房间就走了，但是我却很紧张。
tr	O	这在理论上行得通，但是实际执行起来则完全不同。
tr	O	我绞尽脑汁想了很久，但是我却想不起来我离开时是否锁了房间。
tr	I	He was back in less than five minutes with two bags in his hands and I dressed while Charles was gone .
tr	O	我打开门时，门感觉很沉，而且凉爽的晨风轻咬着我的双腿。
tr	I	A moment later he heard her soft footfalls on the stairs as she ascended them , and her arm pulled away .
tr	O	我问她是否确定，而且她点头作为回应。
tr	I	His hunger had been too great , overshadowed only by his anger , but he should have been more careful with her .
tr	I	Dario stood up and the bell rang .
tr	I	She shrieked as my second blade stabbed into her right eye socket , and she screamed as I drove a blade into her left upper arm .
tr	I	It broke and it felt .
tr	O	这种效应随着小型化程度的提高而变得更加强烈，但是我无法确切说明这种关系是什么。
tr	O	我走过贡佐身边时，挤了挤他的肩膀，而且他对着我笑了。
tr	I	Juarez cut me off , but I started to press for more details .
tr	I	It 's uncomfortable because she 's really looking at me and she stares at me with her fingers on her lips .
tr	I	He 's not , but his name sounds Norwegian .
tr	O	薇薇安可能放任了其他事情，但是她却一直精心打理着她的花园。
tr	I	He tasted the lingering sweetness on her tongue and she pressed her lips against his .
tr	O	我把它递给他，并且他大口地吸了一口。
tr	O	我真的恨她，而且我为此恨自己。
tr	I	His long black hair fell soft against my skin , and I 'd taken the band off his ponytail .
tr	I	She didn 't need any additional stress , but he didn 't want to lie to her .
tr	I	She didn 't think that he took many virgins to his bed and that had been very sweet of him .
tr	I	I thought I was going to die from them and my worst injury had been bullet wounds .
tr	I	I keep moving , but I can 't see him well .
tr	O	它是一种能量，像静电冲击一样，并且它在你周围愉悦地流动着。
tr	I	Zach insisted it was art , but vandalism , the police said .
tr	I	I knew he wouldn 't buy the unaffected act , but I raised my chin .
tr	O	我知道我害怕他，而且我认为他很有攻击性。
tr	O	演戏有风险，但是拉夫信任他的前伴侣。
tr	O	电梯叮地一声开了，但是我没有动。
tr	O	他对杰夫评价很高，并且他准备开始新的生活。
tr	O	她感觉到一丝希望，但是只看了一眼就告诉她那本圣经不是汉娜姨妈的。
tr	I	My body jumped at hearing him speak , but interrupting my thoughts wasn 't his intention .
tr	O	没有人再用新的工作打扰他们，并且他们开始对自己的生活有了截然不同的感受。
tr	I	My hands clamp tightly around my wine bottle , and I feel my heart rate quicken .
tr	O	我能感觉到萨迪在打量我，并且我将目光转向了她。
tr	O	他说的话让我感到头晕，但是我强迫自己保持专注，不让思绪回到那个夜晚。
tr	I	Hope Mr. Harrison 's check would clear before it came due , and she 'd put it on her credit card .
tr	O	我回到了洛杉矶，但是我却认不出它了。
tr	I	Harry did , but he 'd promised to testify if Harry didn 't admit to anything .
tr	O	我有太多的问题，比如为什么我赤身裸体地躺在被子下面，但是我的首要关切没有改变。
tr	I	That pleased Kate very much , and oh yes , Sakura had seen them all right .
tr	I	The look of raw vulnerability in her eyes made his chest ache and she was biting her lip .
tr	O	凯尔西在我身边尖叫着张大了嘴巴，但是我听不到她。
tr	I	They started laughing -- probably at me and Alex turned back to his friends .
tr	I	Denser woods filled the space they would have to travel , and Rocky outcroppings , streams .
tr	I	Whoever had abused him , they hadn 't left a mark , but there were all sorts of rumors where that horse had been .
tr	O	我听到一声可怕的嘶嘶声时猛地一颤；接着火焰将他完全吞噬了，并且我们什么也看不见了。
tr	O	其中一个信封里的东西透过我的防尘衣口袋硌着我，并且我伸手去把它拿了出来。
tr	I	Even though I had pain with the long ball , I now knew that I could do it , and it had been a good day .
tr	I	He 'd ignored her each time , but she 'd said it a thousand times before .
tr	I	I quickly picked up on the hint that no more details would be forthcoming , and neither of them said any more .
tr	I	Dennis stood to accept the invitation , and he gestured back at his office .
tr	I	You just want to move the lid to one side and this could be a crucial turning point in the adventure .
tr	O	院子里的寂静如此强烈，并且我发现自己打着瞌睡，精疲力尽。
tr	O	我没有什么能给他，而且他把这一点说得一清二楚。
tr	O	那是林荫墓园管理员的办公室，而且那有点阴森。
tr	O	那个最后、不可思议的念头在片刻后烟消云散，当她的身体达到顶峰，并且她全身心投入到某种奇妙感觉那排山倒海般的冲击中时。
tr	O	我脸红了，并且凯兰笑了。
tr	O	我叫了她的名字，但是没有回应。
tr	I	Having the extra muscle tone really did make it easier to move around , but each step was uncomfortable .
tr	I	Such a serpent as she had never seen in her wanderings , but it was a great serpent which lay there limp in death .
tr	O	她用力地敲打着它，而且我的头感受到了冲击。
tr	O	他们无法逃跑，因为这是他们的村庄，而且他们发誓要保护它。
tr	I	He was my friend , not my boyfriend , but I had sex with Jason .
tr	O	坏消息是特丽娜在这班，并且我的朋友们不在。
tr	O	这里比较凉快，并且蟋蟀已经开始鸣叫了。
tr	O	他打开了门，但是她又一次阻止了他。
tr	O	我操控世界，然后我承受后果。
tr	I	The mild cough she had developed quickly worsened into terminal congestive heart failure and she was , however , .
tr	O	我被转过来趴在肚子上，并且我的手臂被猛地拉到身后。
tr	O	雨现在正敲打着房子，但是下面院子里的安保灯仍然关着。
tr	O	科尔开始后退，但是我仍然尽力跑得飞快。
tr	I	When Chance came on board , Gwen had gravitated toward him , and her father hadn 't let many people get close to Gwen .
tr	O	是啊，那可能有点牵强，但是我还是接受了。
tr	O	她慢慢地向后退到床垫上，双腿不时地分开，并在她移向中间时，让他看到了她潮湿的深处。
tr	O	他的眼睛短暂地闭上了，并且他艰难地说出了一个词。
tr	I	The Vampires sitting on the barstools , and I hesitate , eyeing the bar .
tr	I	Now he won 't be able to tell anyone where we live , but I don 't know what that guy was up to .
tr	I	The bed was empty , but the sheets were rumpled .
tr	O	那样说无妨，但是那让我害怕。
tr	O	短暂的一秒钟，能量似乎停滞了，停止了它旋转的疯狂，但是随后压力猛增。
tr	O	我爬上传送带，并且亚当试图抬起他的头。
tr	O	我本想说我没有嫉妒，但是我嫉妒了。
tr	I	It all seemed too silly to share , but she tried to remember what they 'd talked about .
tr	O	现在，我不会点名道姓，但是那样的技能对我很有价值。
tr	O	是的，我知道这是一个陈词滥调，但是我也会承认另一个。
tr	O	第9章 约瑟芬跟着加里去了锡耶斯塔岛，但是他把车停在离海滩足足十二个街区远的地方。
tr	O	早晨是北地进行战斗训练的时间，当两颗太阳高悬在空中，但是空气依然寒冷刺骨的时候。
tr	I	All of a sudden three years had gone by , but it seemed like only days .
tr	O	如果我错了，那就是我错了，但是我不打算让他恐吓我。
tr	I	Now he was nothing more than a ghost haunting my home and he once was this noble man .
tr	O	它们只是面孔，只是我睡觉时大脑臆想出来的东西，但是我感觉自己背叛了他们。
tr	O	他不时地利用商店橱窗的倒影查看，并且是的，那个人依然保持着步调。
tr	I	It crushed the thing like it was nothing and he dropped the boulder .
tr	O	你们是懦夫，并且你们差点成功了。
tr	O	我想要尽可能多的帮助，但是等待利维会拖慢我们的进度。
tr	I	The streetlights were circled with glowing halos , and the street was empty .
tr	O	她甜美地笑了，并且他沦陷了。
tr	I	She would sense it , and he knew that anything he now said would be false .
tr	O	每个孩子都知道他们当地球队的名字，而且每个孩子都梦想有一天能加入那支球队。
tr	O	他没等我回应就去坐到自己的座位上，但是他的语气很清楚。
tr	O	他的最上面一颗扣子没扣，而且他没戴领带。
tr	O	其他人给了我奇怪的眼神，但是我敲了敲眼镜。
tr	O	我拿出路上买的一次性手机并拨了电话。
tr	I	The food was nonstop , and the house was decorated .
tr	I	Men started to get out and Merritt 's SUV 's parked opposite Nick .
tr	O	我们走出密室，我面对着一个水下天堂。
tr	I	She almost flinches away and I sit on the edge of the bed next to her .
tr	I	There is no hatred and her eyes catch mine .
tr	I	It was all his fault and she 'd slept with Vane .
tr	O	身边都是高中男生和那些看起来像高中生的成年人是我的问题，我决定。
tr	O	主幕布被拉开了，而且一块简单的蓝色背景幕已经降下，占据了舞台大部分深度。
tr	O	至少我可以跟着她去我们的课，并且那之后直到午餐我都会独自一人。
tr	O	他们无法提供帮助，并且如果他逃到那里，他将危及自己的健康。
tr	O	他的步伐没有加快，并且他的眼睛固定在她身上，而不是河流。
tr	I	She felt her body relax into his even more , and he ran his hands down her back as he listened to her .
tr	O	他们可能是变形者，但是我分心了。
tr	O	保罗现在需要她，并且没有他，安德拉不确定她能否保护尼卡免受怪物的伤害。
tr	O	乔丹礼貌地把餐巾放回腿上，但是她敢发誓他的眼睛里闪烁着笑意。
tr	I	She laughed at my surprise , and Amusement sparkled in her eyes .
tr	I	Cassie must hear it , too , because she slowly leans away from me and I can hear the anger in my own voice .
tr	O	这听起来很严厉，但是她看起来很真诚。
tr	I	Every cent was earmarked for acting lessons , and his savings account grew .
tr	O	它有很多零件，并且它们现在堆放在休息室的一侧。
tr	O	菲尔对我点点头，并且我们走向卡车。
tr	I	His ratty jeans encased the perfect ass , and the shirt encased the perfect V torso .
tr	O	他斗篷的白色像灯塔一样发光，并且我后退了一步。
tr	I	Acquaintances cannot come soon enough for Arnold Matson and no , for my money next Wednesday 's get - together with a few rogues .
tr	O	她打开身后的门，并且我跟着她进去。
tr	O	他可能不认为我还活着，但是他也没有冒任何风险。
tr	I	I 'd like to finish it and I 'm testing a new recipe .
tr	O	她现在可能正在经历很多事情，但是我们还是要尽量对她温柔。
tr	O	她能感觉到每个里面的丝绸衬里，但是左边那个接缝处有个小撕裂。
tr	O	那曾是一个少女般的冲动，并且她已经完成了她的目标。
tr	O	他也意识到自己饿了，但是那不是他想要的那个三明治。
tr	I	Margaret pressed her advantage , and Ian looked uncertain .
tr	I	I was still me , but maybe I was changed .
tr	O	他往后退了，并且我从他胸前抬起头，迎上他的目光。
tr	I	I clearly recall those blue ceramic pots with purple flowers in them , but it 's funny the things I remember .
tr	O	再往前一点，汤姆在树林边缘，但是他停下来回头看。
tr	I	It caused him to get a lump in his throat and going straight to our own military is a huge step .
tr	I	Blake immediately returned to his questions and we gave the waitress our orders .
tr	O	她头上的疼痛从剧烈到剧痛，而且她的思绪让它更疼了。
tr	I	It was shrapnel , and it was ugly .
tr	I	We stick close and we 're family .
tr	I	In some ways , a bit of a shame for the Confederacy , and the Clan Drums were both an unusual event .
tr	I	I was the cause of it and my life had changed .
tr	O	我的目光越过船，而且我倒吸了一口凉气。
tr	I	They didn 't involve any other hybrids , but my stress tests had picked back up .
tr	O	拂晓更近了，但是天还是黑的。
tr	O	前行很困难，但是她设法爬到了大门顶部。
tr	O	避孕在她家乡无性的生活中没有必要，而且这里也没有。
tr	I	The stallion jerks his head up and I pop the reins down smartly .
tr	I	They were all static noise to me , but I overheard snippets of conversations .
tr	I	He wouldn 't , but Karen tried so hard to get him to stop .
tr	I	He liked it , and Nilo was familiar with the Dracula novel from his library readings .
tr	O	他母亲本会用罗曼诺夫这个名字，但是那可能太明显了。
tr	O	安东涅塔不明白，但是他身上有一种紧迫感。
tr	I	The cruise control would get stuck on the interstate and it had a tendency to die at stop lights .
tr	O	它把我从座位上撞了下来，而且那时狼群就跳了出来。
tr	O	他犹豫了，并且她能看出他正憋着笑。
tr	I	I 've lost all my friendships since I 've started dating Ray and I have no family here .
tr	I	His wit even sharper and his eyes were still as sharp as ever .
tr	O	让某人闻到诱饵很重要，但是让错误的人上钩通常会适得其反。
tr	O	她盯着他看，并且他也回视着她。
tr	O	克莱尔追了上去，而且当她回头时，夏娃也跟着呢。
tr	O	那是一个美好的温暖夜晚，并且天空中繁星点点。
tr	I	Food filled the rest of the shelves , and Tea was organized in the upper right corner , just like Kai preferred .
tr	O	颠簸的旅程让她胃里翻腾，而且汽油的臭味让她作呕。
tr	I	The flames dissipated , and the craft settled to the earth .
tr	I	Perhaps no one cares to hear my voice and my presence is not important .
tr	I	Her breath puffed visibly in the chilled air , and the mirrors fogged around the edges .
tr	O	圆圈慢慢停了下来，并且他向上走进驾驶舱，此时蓝光正在消散。
tr	O	她的笑容动摇了，并且我能看出她在强颜欢笑。
tr	I	Then they sire as many young as they can , and they kill all the young , so that the females go into heat at once .
tr	O	我们一直期待着亨特今天出院，但是现在，我需要一些时间来平复心情。
tr	O	他年龄较大，并且我们曾一起住在同一个寄养家庭一段时间。
tr	O	显然他们确实考虑过用镇静剂飞镖射她，但是他们最终只是在她的食物里放了些东西。
tr	O	她以前从未对任何男人有过如此强烈的反应，并且她强迫自己深吸一口气。
tr	O	他的一些残余物——姑且这么说——已经开始出血了，并且护士们处理了。
tr	O	彼得回以达姆一个微笑，但是我注意到那个微笑没有到达他的眼睛。
tr	O	我尖叫一声，把双脚甩上了床垫，并且伊森发出一声惊呼。
tr	I	She wanted what he was offering and Instinct was taking over .
tr	O	凯西的肩膀似乎不可能再垂得更低了，但是它们却做到了。
tr	O	我总是告诉她买防水的那种，但是她说那样效果没那么浓密。
tr	O	我没有给他答案，但是我心里已经有了决定。
tr	O	就在那时他父亲给他打了电话，并且约瑟夫知道他不能拒绝。
tr	I	I could tell him anything without fear and it was like we had no secrets between us .
tr	O	她仍坐在码头上，并且罗伯特带着压抑的沮丧向下看着她那斑驳的黄褐色头发。
tr	I	I can 't stop them and tears roll down my cheeks .
tr	I	I suddenly understood , and all the pieces came together .
tr	I	Just as he was going to speak , Alex spoke , but he so wanted to say something , anything to Alex .
tr	O	他们没有打招呼，并且对他们来说，说起“米饭”就意味着吃饭。
tr	O	他把纸放进了袋子里，并且师傅点了点头。
tr	I	There were still four more days of the cruise , but Eve had said she wouldn 't be able to call until she returned to the States .
tr	I	Olivia still hadn 't moved , but Holly was bent over Olivia .
tr	O	钥匙被放在大壁炉的壁炉架上，但是他有一把备用钥匙。
tr	O	我不知道发生了什么，但是现在没有什么能再让我感到惊讶了。
tr	I	She shook her head slightly and her mouth was still open .
tr	I	Danni breathed a sigh of relief when he locked his gaze on her , and Darren 's eyes drifted toward their section .
tr	I	Then the lights went out , and Barnes said , moving to a coffee maker behind his desk .
tr	I	French was cautious , but the banter was polite .
tr	O	他三十多岁，并且在我父亲雇他来训练我之前，洛根曾在美国海军陆战队服役。
tr	I	The very next second makes you feel like a superstar , and it kicks you in the butt .
tr	I	She caught the tail end of his sentence , and Christophe 's mouth moved again .
tr	I	Her heart wasn 't in it , but she forced herself to relax .
tr	I	What do I say , but obviously I 'm not ?
tr	I	Another image slowed my rebuttal , but I wanted to deny it .
tr	O	他确信符文现在的顺序与之前不同，但是它们仍然静止不动。
tr	O	电梯开了，并且我们赶紧走了进去。
tr	O	我们仍然要将这场战争进行到底，并且她是会输的那一个。
tr	O	一种奇怪的表情出现在霍沃思的脸上，并且他忘记了他之前的嫉妒。
tr	I	She needed to let him and he needed to do this .
tr	O	我也知道她是对的，但是我必须尝试。
tr	I	I refused to come in her mouth , but my entire body tensed when she increased the suction , trying to keep me in .
tr	I	I laughed joyfully through my tears , and all the joy in the universe descended upon me in that incredible moment .
tr	O	他喜欢格特，但是他不想随叫随到。
tr	O	差不多到中午了，并且我想我应该准备好带艾尔去商场。
tr	O	骨头咔嚓一声，并且瞬间山姆就受了重伤。
tr	O	实际上已经过了你的睡觉时间了，并且一些邻居可能已经睡着了。
tr	O	我想我应该躲开他的触碰，但是能得到另一个人的安慰感觉很舒服。
tr	O	她的金发已经变灰白了，但是她的眼睛却依然如故。
tr	O	他又尝试联系海盗一次，但是他仍然没有回应。
tr	I	She was sure her cheeks must have been quite red , and her head felt as though it was feverish .
tr	I	Instead they had unleashed Hell on earth , and the Elders had come here in the hopes of destroying them , of forcing Cassie to their side .
tr	I	Maxie was looking at him , but Budda looked to see which of the brothers Maxie was talking to .
tr	O	乔真的很生气，但是当下一个雪球正好击中他的胸口时，他变得更加恼火了。
tr	O	凯莉皱起了眉，并且就这样，之前所有的挫败感沉重地压在了她的肩上。
tr	I	It may prove to be more challenging then you think , but it sounds easy in theory .
tr	O	世界可能会消失，当然，但是有些事情就是不可能的。
tr	I	She 's not here and I woke up .
tr	I	I laugh and my jaw drops open .
tr	O	她摇了摇头，并且她的脸埋进了她的手里。
tr	I	I have no idea what they 'll be when they arrive , and I have yet to develop my Legacies .
tr	O	她的脸上掠过一丝忧虑，并且我希望我没有说过那句话。
tr	O	我没有动，并且他又吻了我。
tr	I	You don 't or you love someone .
tr	I	Our soldiers weren 't letting them , but some of them tried to surrender .
tr	O	他将手从她的胸部移开，并且她哭出声来，立刻就想念他的抚摸。
tr	I	Barely contained myself from fleeing and I turned .
tr	I	I didn 't know how , but I wanted to help her .
tr	O	这看起来像一副国际象棋，但是那是一个相当复杂的游戏。
tr	O	我看着他的眼睛，想寻找任何迹象表明我发现了什么，但是他眼中没有任何变化。
tr	I	Rafe followed me inside , and I unlocked the door .
tr	O	加上安吉尔的，并且德里克只想要八万现金，现在就要。
tr	I	He didn 't argue , but Travis didn 't look happy with the dictate .
tr	O	我喜欢他，并且我爱他。
tr	I	I hear the low voices from a television , but I get no response .
tr	I	I wondered if perhaps a rainstorm was heading our way , and I could see the trees outside swaying in the wind .
tr	I	She did not agree , but Cassie nodded her agreement .
tr	O	我感到头晕目眩，但是我强迫自己的双脚留在沙地里。
tr	I	I shiver and an insidious finger of dread strokes the back of my neck .
tr	O	玛丽·艾伦睡得很熟，并且威廉费了点劲才把睡衣重新套回到她赤裸的身体上。
tr	I	I was going to be hers and Julia Jacobs was going to be my future .
tr	O	用这个击打你的敌人，并且它会把邪恶从他体内烧出来。
tr	I	None came , but I made a warmer should the others be looking for him .
tr	O	他跪在我身边，用布满血丝的眼睛盯着水池，但是他没有喝水。
tr	O	严肃的演讲正在进行，并且现场非常吵闹。
tr	I	She was alone , but she wheeled around , desperately searching for someone to help her .
tr	O	男人伸出了胳膊，并且她抓住了他的袖子。
tr	I	That was all that mattered and he 'd overcome his past .
tr	I	Adam gripped her wrist , but she moved to go .
tr	O	洛开始伸展她的双腿，并且一声轻柔的呻吟从床上飘来。
tr	O	他再次安顿下来，试图重新入睡，但是对面上铺的人打鼾声太响了。
tr	I	She rotated in her chair again and she tapped her on the shoulder .
tr	O	我确信她会因为我问她那样的问题而嘲笑我，但是这却是一个很好的转移注意力的办法。
tr	O	他于是移开了视线，并且他脸上显露出那条显示他脾气的纹路。
tr	I	Others of magic protected it before the druids , and my people have guarded it for many centuries .
tr	O	我生活在一个受保护的环境中，但是我必要时也能在外界正常运作。
tr	O	艾瑞丝以为自己不会再更困惑了，但是她接着看到一件深色斗篷披在赛伊的肩上。
tr	I	That only made everything stickier , but I tried to wipe off the stickiness with my hand .
tr	O	我能感觉到火焰在我的血管里燃烧，并且睡眠是唯一能抑制住它的东西。
tr	O	达西有很多特质，但是耐心不是其中之一。
tr	I	She was breathing much more easily , and her eyes were clear .
tr	O	我可能也努力去相信它，至少在理论上，但是只有上帝才认识人类真正的平等。
tr	I	It was a cold sweat , and I was sweating , though .
tr	O	大老板总是显得有点神秘，躲在他的办公室里，但是现在他的沉默感觉像是降职之外的又一项惩罚。
tr	O	媒体人群再次爆发提问，但是福特却又逃回了办公室。
tr	I	His words were not helping either and Perry 's face had turned red .
tr	I	We both laughed and I yawned again .
tr	O	苏珊盯着那个女人，感到心寒，并且她的情绪也冷静了下来。
tr	O	莫顿以前听过这个名字，但是他却想不起具体是谁。
tr	I	His body reacted to her beauty , but he had long been a priest .
tr	I	He stared down at the console in a moment of despair , and his shoulders sagged for a moment .
tr	I	Everyone else had arrived when she reemerged , but she was only gone for a minute .
tr	O	我不明白他怎么能这样继续下去，但是他扫描着森林边缘时，我什么也没说。
tr	I	She didn 't need incredible , but Granted , all of it had been incredible !
tr	I	It 's a trust issue , and not many people do that because they can 't see who 's going to catch them .
tr	I	I could probably change him if I wanted , but it 's sort of gross the way he 's always stoned .
tr	I	It was out of darts , but his first thought was that he 'd arm Sheridan , too .
tr	I	There was a nice breeze but it wasn 't super windy .
tr	O	几天没人给她洗头了，并且她也没化妆。
tr	I	His fingers felt like heaven against my skin and he put his arm around me .
tr	I	She didn 't need him in her future and he hadn 't been a part of her life until now .
tr	O	他必须寻求帮助，但是如果他在外面被抓住，惩罚将是严厉的。
tr	O	查尔斯也许应该抬头看看，但是他从未想到那个方向。
tr	I	It was nearer evening than noon when we came down from the saddle into that secret valley , and we had started many hours later .
tr	O	从理性上讲，他可以希望得到上帝的关注，但是这种寻求奇迹的行为显得如此绝望。
tr	O	她看起来好像病了，并且现在我希望盖奇在这里安慰她。
tr	I	Clay was glad the man didn 't quibble , didn 't try to insist , and Greg saluted him .
tr	I	That was when he heard a muffled sound above his head and he called out .
tr	I	She fought the urge to lean closer and when he moved past her she could smell the clean citrus scent of his aftershave .
tr	O	他多次倾听我的心声，并且我敢打赌我让他厌烦了。
tr	O	这个区号很熟悉，但是我无法确定是哪里。
tr	I	Surprisingly she heard the backdoor open the minute she was done and she made breakfast for the both of them .
tr	O	一股美妙的香味扑鼻而来，并且他意识到她一直在做饭。
tr	O	他的怒火中烧，并且他需要找到那个把普鲁登斯从他身边带走的人。
tr	I	I renounce my engagement to you , and I am engaged to him now .
tr	I	Hal understood and Realization kicked in .
tr	O	汽车翻了过来，但是我被压在后座下面。
tr	O	我刚到这里，并且到处都是警察。
tr	O	那个声明并非完全属实，但是它可能对他有利。
tr	O	他已经确定了追捕者所在的位置，并且他信任自己的安全。
tr	I	Sarah wasn 't backing down , but he questioned the wisdom of promising a rescue given the odds we were up against .
tr	I	He didn 't elaborate , but I raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	门上传来一声闷响，并且他稍微往后退了退，好像他希望那个人正在开门。
tr	O	她想告诉我，无论发生什么都不是什么大不了的事，但是我知道真相。
tr	I	Lucas was already gone , but I raised one hand in a farewell wave .
tr	O	他不明白她的反应，但是整个家庭似乎都很奇怪。
tr	I	It was very uncomfortable and one was sliding loose .
tr	O	亚当站了起来，而且我僵硬如石。
tr	O	他感到她的手抬到他的胸口，并且有一刻他以为她会把他推开。
tr	O	闻起来很香，真的很香，并且我再高兴不过了。
tr	I	She didn 't like it , and the man held her tightly .
tr	O	他们甚至还没有发生过性关系，然而她却觉得离他很近。
tr	I	He looked peaceful enough , and I studied his face .
tr	I	There was something else in them , something more , but he turned slowly toward her , his eyes haunted .
tr	I	When I opened my eyes , no one was sitting at the stone table , and the image disappeared .
tr	O	她可能害怕，但是她不是懦夫。
tr	I	It never stopped us , but when I was with Michael , he would get annoyed at how often we would text back in forth .
tr	I	He 's not dancing , but you whistle a tune .
tr	O	他本可以待更久，但是他感到强烈的需要独处，这样他才能把事情想清楚。
tr	O	当然她有彼得，但是他们仍然觉得他们正在抛弃她。
tr	O	他偷听了我们，这一点很明显，并且他指了指我放在内华达旁边的个人物品包。
tr	O	并不是说玛吉能在黑暗中看到他们的脸，但是水很好地传递了他们的声音。
tr	I	His face burned red and his chest heaved .
tr	O	他出来了，并且当她握他的手时，他用他那双巨大的手包住了她的手。
tr	O	这是他们突袭之间休息的地方，而且这里就是阿基里斯会待的地方。
tr	O	更可能的是，马多克曾希望禁令会被解除，而且他想在官方代表团到来之前改善城堡。
tr	I	They appeared to return the respect with loyalty , and he was also always respectful of their leaders .
tr	O	阿迪在工作，并且我制作卡片时注意到她在打量我。
tr	O	他们知道大西洋位置的条件，而且这对他们来说似乎比他们在木卫三上的棺材更糟糕。
tr	I	She didn 't want that man hunting her brother , and Logan Quinn scared her .
tr	I	I missed him already , and I felt sorry for him .
tr	I	He studied me , and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	地方很干净，于是我们就出发了。
tr	O	中尉默默地看着他几秒钟，而当中尉开口说话时，桑普森正要重复他的要求。
tr	I	Josh walked back to me and the man nodded .
tr	I	She would never be able to find him , and it was too late now to join him .
tr	O	这就是他本来的样子，而且他不会改变自己来试图引诱她。
tr	O	他们离开了，而且开车回到他们藏飞碟的地方，感觉比他们来的时候远多了。
tr	O	斯科特清楚地看到了克里斯蒂安，但是他的表情没有改变。
tr	I	We even talk about Noah and we talk about the newspaper .
tr	O	标题是新的，潦草地覆盖在旧的上面，但是内容却是一样的。
tr	O	我知道这对我的妹妹意味着什么，并且我无法隐藏我的反应。
tr	I	Then a small smile appeared on his face , and he seemed to think about what I said for a moment .
tr	I	It hadn 't happened , but I 'd braced myself for some terrible outcome .
tr	I	I go for the truck bed , with Fernando behind me , and Christina starts toward the truck cab .
tr	I	He sighed , and I looked back at Luke , wondering what was going on .
tr	O	那个女孩关掉了手机，并且阿尔塔夫满意地点了点头。
tr	O	她拼命地想恢复平衡，但是那是一场注定要失败的战斗。
tr	I	I rolled my eyes , and pressed Ms. Psychotic relentlessly .
tr	O	她也无能为力，但是你们两个更清楚。
tr	O	她从不注意今天是星期几，但是和玛丽·安一起的星期四听起来很有趣。
tr	O	公共债务达到了一万亿美元，并且在伊朗的美国人质获释了。
tr	O	大学提供了一些人寿保险，并且她符合教师退休的条件。
tr	O	她遭受了极大的不公，并且她回以爱。
tr	I	The books of the acolytes had been left behind and all of them were gone .
tr	I	He only caught a few words from the tour guide 's mouth , and James tried to crane his neck over the other kids ' ruckus .
tr	I	Her voice came out all soft and mom sighed .
tr	O	他预料那个人会坚持下去，但是阿尔伯特希望被证明是错的。
tr	I	I was left alone with the eerie noises of the cargo settling into place after its journey and the voices disappeared .
tr	I	He said so , and Reuben was grateful .
tr	I	Now she had a grace that met her age , but she must have been stunning as a girl .
tr	O	喝得酩酊大醉并不能缓解我心中的痛苦，并且那肯定不会让我在早上感觉好受些。
tr	I	The day I leave town she 's calling my parents and I haven 't even heard from her .
tr	O	它们听起来不完美，但是好了一点。
tr	I	He didn 't relinquish Zane 's mouth , and when Ty moved again , it was a steady rolling of his hips .
tr	O	阳光灿烂，但是她看不到它单独的球体。
tr	I	It paid off , and I took a chance .
tr	O	他笑了，并且他把我留在了那里。
tr	O	一个缓慢而令人不安的笑容扭曲了他的嘴唇，并且那就像被冰冷的空气击中一样。
tr	O	我在学校遇到了我的丈夫，并且我们搬到了南方。
tr	I	Zoe could only imagine the tension sitting upon them and Ryan rolled his shoulders .
tr	O	特蕾莎曾期待视力能有所恢复，但是她仍然看不到自己面前的手。
tr	O	针头人正在等待船员回来，但是没有人回来。
tr	I	I heard the sound of windows cracking as the small rocks slammed into them and my aim was off .
tr	I	Most of his activities were , but it was a solitary occupation .
tr	I	Her expression seemed more earnest than his memory recollected , and her talking voice was different from her television voice .
tr	O	他就这样前行，并且弯下身子把耳朵贴近地面，仔细听了几分钟。
tr	O	重新拥有一个家庭，并且这个吻只让她想起自己所没有的。
tr	O	我盯着他看，并且我想喊叫。
tr	I	He got nothing for it and that was his last nickel .
tr	O	尽管如此，她还是向我跑来，但是当她靠近我时，她认出了我。
tr	I	For a few brief seconds , I hoped the conversation was over , and James started to dive into his fries .
tr	I	I gave it a sad smile , and the sentinel wailed , beady red eyes glaring at me through the branches .
tr	O	他的下巴紧绷着，并且他英俊的脸庞很严肃。
tr	O	我不喜欢这个计谋，但是我想不出任何不去的理由。
tr	O	指控纷飞，称马丁·伯克被活活累死，并且报纸就如实刊载了。
tr	I	He took Claire 's arm , and they met Ethan at the bottom of the stairs .
tr	O	汽车被掀翻，并且一些车辆仍然火焰噼啪作响。
tr	I	We 're on the run and they think he 's silenced .
tr	I	The terror wouldn 't allow him to stop , but he 'd be punished .
tr	O	只剩下一匹马，并且那也不是他的。
tr	O	这里当然很豪华，但是她走进去时，眼睛立刻就充满了泪水。
tr	O	我不知道在莎拉下葬之前他们把她安放在了何处，并且我也不想知道。
tr	I	I really don 't know you and I mean we did just meet .
tr	O	他们都聚在那里，并且麦克一结束他的回忆，我就大步走进房间。
tr	O	那个小女孩和科迪同龄，而且他就是喜欢和她玩。
tr	I	I just think of myself as normal , but I know I am attractive to others .
tr	I	His partner still makes no move toward one , but apparently I merit an introduction from him now .
tr	O	我不打算说一个字，甚至不告诉她他们的位置，但是他们的名字足够安全。
tr	I	There , also , was Kris and there was the stench , the wind .
tr	O	任何事情超出那些参数，并且你就会被发现。
tr	I	The captain listened to him , despite what a risk it was , and he refused to switch .
tr	I	There will be suffering and there will be a sea of blood .
tr	O	雨停了，但是风仍在呼啸。
tr	O	他问道，声音中带着难以置信的语调，但是语气中有些未言明的东西。
tr	O	他试图抓住她的衣服，但是她挣脱时衣服撕裂了。
tr	I	He dragged her closer so that he could give her more of everything she so desperately craved and her teeth nipped at his lower lip .
tr	O	布雷克感觉自己站在斜坡的边缘，并且走错一步就会让他跌落悬崖。
tr	O	石头完美契合，但是它们并非堆叠起来，而是像拼图碎片一样嵌合在一起，每块都是不规则的形状。
tr	O	她美丽的紫罗兰色眼睛空洞无神，并且她的双手无力地垂在身侧。
tr	O	船现在已经完全灌满了水，并且一些血正从玻璃上冲走。
tr	I	I decided to take a second to steady my nerves and my hands were shaking from the sudden surge of adrenaline .
tr	O	否则我永远不会知道真相，而且我会浪费了Chance的时间。
tr	O	被拒绝的感觉从来不好，而且他觉得自己是个彻头彻尾的流氓，竟然在那最短暂的时刻屈服了。
tr	I	For now , they had to work together , but Painter thought this was a fair assessment .
tr	I	I will allow you time , but that I do not offer .
tr	I	Leslie laughed and he shook his arms out .
tr	I	He looked down at his ring again for some kind of sign and a hopeful suspicion lit him up .
tr	O	我想问她是否给我下了药，但是又不是会有人相信我。
tr	O	布鲁凝视着亚当，而且她脸上的恐惧是最糟糕的。
tr	I	She doesn 't deserve to be hated by her own family , but I know she 's made mistakes .
tr	O	毕竟，他叫我给他打电话，但是我仍然遵守那些愚蠢的规则。
tr	O	我坐在椅子上，并且特伦顿准备好了他的设备。
tr	I	From past experience , her father hated Gaston , but she thought about talking with her father .
tr	O	它又转到了语音信箱，而且泰又留了一条消息。
tr	O	只有夜幕的掩护才能让他们出其不意，并且在那些时间里，我们也会做好最充分的准备。
tr	I	Sean was staying behind in Maryland to attend the local university and I had accepted a partial scholarship to the University of Chicago .
tr	I	He was fourteen and she was twenty-four .
tr	I	I try anyway , but it feels impossible to explain .
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting it , but I can usually hold my own in a fight .
tr	O	她只是希望自己能多帮帮科林，但是也许与乔见面能解决问题。
tr	I	He never said he had a daughter and one , I 'd known Mike my whole life .
tr	O	詹姆斯的表情很痛苦，并且他咬着嘴唇。
tr	O	路易丝试图递给我一张纸巾，但是我挥手让她走开。
tr	O	那在两年里可能只发生过两次，并且两次都没有让他感到警惕。
tr	I	Somehow his team had it all wrong , but every possible scenario had been accounted for .
tr	I	I heard the crank roll the tape , and the adding machine buttons started clicking again .
tr	O	他的灰眉毛皱在一起，并且第一次，她觉得他看起来非常令人印象深刻。
tr	I	He insisted she be present to oversee the whole thing , but she tried to escape by citing Kennedy as the expert .
tr	I	I reach my hand out to him and the man walks through the living room .
tr	I	I 'm calling to report my results and I 've completed looking into that matter for you .
tr	O	她天真的举动如此色情，以至于兄弟们都喘着粗气，并且他们的身体也心照不宣地发热了。
tr	I	I didn 't know , and my watch had stopped .
tr	I	I gasped in surprise and as I put my hand on the doorknob , it burst open .
tr	O	我毫不怀疑艾丹当时真的给托比发了短信，但是托比花了三首歌的时间才到达屋顶，大概是因为他烂醉如泥。
tr	O	他是我的过去，并且他是我的未来。
tr	I	I began to sweat , and that earlier tension returned .
tr	I	I felt well rested and it was ten a.m. .
tr	I	Suddenly I recalled something that had crossed his mind earlier , but I had been brooding , shutting out Michael 's thoughts .
tr	I	There was nothing he could now , but he wanted desperately to reassure her .
tr	I	There was nothing there now except fresh air over the newly expanded void and I looked back to where I 'd last seen him .
tr	I	She passed it to me and someone handed Ashley a helmet .
tr	O	罗比还没有下来，但是他们能听到他从主楼梯走下来的脚步声。
tr	I	Soon , I was too lost to continue , but I traced my way through the dark city .
tr	O	我们傍晚离开的，但是厚厚的云层让夜晚提前降临了。
tr	I	There was a palpable impatience in his voice , and muscles were already gathering beneath the smooth hide .
tr	O	泰确实睁开了眼睛，但是当他试图坐起来时，他的四肢却不听使唤。
tr	O	我妈妈会晚几分钟，但是她告诉我你到了就让你进来。
tr	I	She kept walking in the same direction , but she didn 't know where it came from .
tr	O	旅途中没有人说话，并且当小队最终到达营地时，这是一种解脱。
tr	O	詹姆斯终于抬起头来，并且他眼中的敌意不知为何让我感到惊讶。
tr	O	宁静很适合这个女孩，但是今天不适合，因为今天本应该是一个激动人心的日子。
tr	O	没有他事情就永远不会一样了，但是他不能屈服于他，这次不行。
tr	I	He was sure that it had destroyed the entire base , and that blast was the biggest explosion that Speed had ever seen .
tr	I	She did make out a bloody bandage on his left hand , but she couldn 't see his face .
tr	I	He felt so foolish and his mouth was dry !
tr	I	It was still very much like a long-distance relationship , but their relationship had deepened over the last two months .
tr	I	Such was not the case , but Vicki had expected to be reluctant to hunt for prey , repulsed by the act of taking blood from another .
tr	O	他们喧闹与否她根本不在乎，并且她憎恨自己被弄得像个闯入者。
tr	O	他那双深色的泪滴状眼睛看着我，而且他的头发看起来像融化的巧克力。
tr	O	Francesco发出了假笑，但是Carl却能一眼看穿。
tr	O	他们从未真正和我谈论过他，而且我已经回家两天了。
tr	O	当她穿衣服的时候现实开始显现，而且她知道对Sherman来说帮助已经太迟了。
tr	O	我们的手机可能一样，但是我仍然认为我的更好。
tr	O	这不是一首慢歌，但是显然她等待慢歌的耐心快要耗尽了。
tr	I	He was too wounded to help , but Mistral crawled to us .
tr	O	当詹姆斯骂他皮条客时，他捍卫了自己的名声，然而他正是詹姆斯所指责的那种人。
tr	O	自从入侵以来，就没有了他的踪迹，并且他被推定已经死亡。
tr	O	我有一个月的时间可以完全拥有索菲亚，并且我绝不会用它来交换世间任何事物。
tr	O	普鲁不是个愚蠢的女人，并且她看穿了亨利的把戏。
tr	I	It was time I let her and she needed to get this out .
tr	O	他拉动了一根绳子，并且气球停止上升，然后慢慢开始下降回到地面。
tr	I	At first she simply let her voice float , wordless , along with the flowing melody , and she sang with a deep , rich alto .
tr	I	Even though we took a roundabout way , we made it across fairly quickly , and this valley was much smaller .
tr	O	撞击把我震退了，并且我的脊柱撞到了金属架。
tr	I	It will be just a moment , but you want to hurry to her .
tr	O	艾米记起了那个名字，并且那并非是怀着喜爱之情。
tr	O	他的话像冰冷而残酷的真相一样卡在我的喉咙里，并且我很难把它们咽下去。
tr	O	克洛伊朝我扔了一条毯子，并且我抓住了她扔给麦肯齐的枕头。
tr	O	我完成了，并且克莱拍了一下袋子，然后拍了拍我的背。
tr	I	I had other talents , but No good at fighting .
tr	I	He did the same with his own , and I held my thoughts back from David .
tr	I	He refused ... but I begged him ... begged him to be fair with me ... to be honorable .
tr	I	They died and two cheerleaders were on an accident .
tr	O	史黛西可能很迷恋男生，但是她并不笨。
tr	O	他愤怒地扔掉了那个无用的玩意儿，并且它砰地一声落在了草地上。
tr	I	It urged me on , barely able to contain its thrill and it was almost as if my body understood what it was going to do .
tr	I	I cleared my throat before talking and my voice was louder that normal .
tr	I	There was magic in it , and as we descended the hill toward the tree line , a breeze blew toward us .
tr	O	他的内心绷得像拉紧的橡皮筋一样，并且他感觉自己仿佛要溺死在自己的黑色黏液里。
tr	I	Her strength wasn 't there , but she attempted to pull the chain free .
tr	O	泪水顺着她的脸颊流下，咸涩的水流，并且虽然她立即开始胡言乱语，但她似乎根本没有真正看到我。
tr	I	He was pinned under the Frenchman , but Billy struggled .
tr	I	Craig had already gone bankrupt once and Todd was a whiz at money management .
tr	O	艾薇儿转向我，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	I	Still I stared at him and the sky started to lighten .
tr	O	我在束缚中扭动着，并且那个壮硕的图书管理员把我按得更紧了。
tr	O	如果它们是相同的，那会容易得多，但是生活从来不易。
tr	I	Nancy at least lifted her face off Denver 's chest , and it half worked .
tr	I	I am certain it was not by flying ... But I see you somehow managed to get back here .
tr	I	If you don 't want to come , it wouldn 't be our loss but we are aware that you 're not into socializing with other people .
tr	O	我将夹子从我浓密的头发中抽出，它落到了我的背上，并且我晃动了几下把它理顺。
tr	I	She quickly dismissed it , but it sent a cold chill through her .
tr	O	他在回答时显得心不在焉，并且我感觉他已经不在司法中心了。
tr	I	He says he needs a few days to get it together , but anyway , I talked to Sam about lending me some cash .
tr	O	她试图找到通往入口的楼梯，但是她彻底迷路了。
tr	O	汤姆穿着像其他男生一样的朴素衣服，但是他穿起来却与众不同。
tr	I	A warm , domestic feeling overwhelmed me , and I watched as she ran into the kitchen .
tr	O	她揉了揉眼睛，但是她的视线依然一片漆黑。
tr	O	我审视着他的脸，但是警告之外再无其他。
tr	I	I was convenient , and the council needed a scapegoat though .
tr	O	只有几个人在附近，并且他们对我们不予理会。
tr	O	他表现得好像完全不在乎我在这里，并且这让我更想离开。
tr	O	可惜她的保证最终未能奏效，但是也许它们能给雷恩一些方法来证明格雷森是此事的罪魁祸首。
tr	I	It 's going to be overrun with refugees , and there 's only one base south of us .
tr	I	She had to resist Hannah 's attempt to make her anything else and Josie was her attorney .
tr	I	His choice of language wide-ranging , and his tone was scornful .
tr	O	她的神经已近崩溃，并且她的身体也在对压力做出反应。
tr	O	我们在三楼，但是我总是走楼梯。
tr	I	He doesn 't say anything but a cloud passes over his face .
tr	O	他自己的人会更信任他，并且他的敌人甚至不会考虑进攻。
tr	O	那些喜欢讲故事的白发人无疑活得最久，但是没有人觉得他们老。
tr	I	The sound of metal touching a whirring stone drowns out all chance of talk and Serena hands it over .
tr	O	哈林俯身靠近，并且当他把手掌放在我的脸颊上时，我的心跳加速。
tr	O	今晚他一直在抚摸她，并且她身上没有一丝赘肉。
tr	O	它们都不一样，并且我也看不清它们。
tr	I	He supposed the cigarette taste in Zane 's mouth would combat it , but Ty was ever conscious of the taste of liquor on his tongue .
tr	I	He 'd caused so much suffering , and he 'd only tried to help .
tr	I	I found that he made it difficult to think and he stared into my eyes .
tr	O	我睁开眼睛，并且一开始我什么都看不清楚。
tr	I	She knew no one else was affected by it but it reminded her of Gabriel 's strange ability .
tr	I	My body responds to him , but it makes no sense .
tr	I	No one else appeared , but I looked behind me , then up ahead again .
tr	I	You weren 't to blame , and there was something healing in a handful of peers telling you that it was an accident .
tr	O	那个女孩的欲望难以驾驭，并且控制塔拉思想的努力付出了高昂的代价。
tr	O	帕奇可能不是我的男朋友，但是他仍然是我的守护天使。
tr	I	Of course she had to go , but as wretched as Nell felt , another uncomfortable get-together with them was the last thing she wanted to do .
tr	O	他已被标记，但是并不清楚他为什么需要一只狼崽。
tr	O	这很荒谬，因为我早就知道了，但是这却将其提升到了一个全新的水平。
tr	O	这对我来说实在太多了，并且这糟透了。
tr	O	其中一件是我的伴娘礼服，并且我不能穿那件。
tr	I	He laughed softly and his fingers stopped .
tr	I	The new sign was going up with his corporate name on it and the old one was down .
tr	O	我把脚抵在地板上，试图让他慢下来，但是没有用。
tr	O	我花了一会儿才找到我的声音，而且当我开口时，我忍不住笑了起来。
tr	I	I am finding it quite adequate , but I hadn 't thought I would enjoy what humans call private investigating .
tr	I	The gray light of early morning slipped through the narrow gap , and the door of the closet stood slightly ajar .
tr	I	Skye didn 't care , but it was a lie .
tr	O	我在我身后关上了门，但是我没有回我的房间。
tr	O	格蕾丝会很伤心，并且妈妈会杀了我的。
tr	O	她答应了孩子出生后会回来，但是她并没有准备好真正出现在那个场合。
tr	I	The celestial spheres , but it 's not the Earth that Atlas holds .
tr	O	这样的幻想可能不太可能，但是它们成就了一个有趣的故事。
tr	O	他们为亨特出院而欢呼，并且他哄了他们一会儿。
tr	O	她坐的椅子倒了，并且她摔到了桌子旁边的地板上。
tr	O	史蒂夫一时没有回答她，并且一种令人作呕的恐惧感充满了她。
tr	I	There were tears pooling in her big green eyes , and Izzy was panting .
tr	O	萦绕不散的鼓点和歌词弥漫在整个场馆中，因为平克·弗洛伊德的歌曲《学会飞翔》将低音喇叭推到极致。
tr	O	杂草必须清除，并且大门必须对齐。
tr	O	她失业不到一天，并且她听起来已经像个无聊的家庭主妇了。
tr	I	Maybe I was wrong , but I thought you were better than that , Carmine .
tr	I	She raised her hands , and fear shivered through her .
tr	I	The lift operator lowered it to the surface , and the SEALs pushed the Zodiac out the side hatch .
tr	I	I say nothing in response , but I blink back into the present .
tr	O	我在墙上打的那个洞还没有修好，并且我正在考虑再次用拳头把它砸穿。
tr	I	Tench motioned his friends to wait and heavy footsteps ran by the door .
tr	I	The suspect remained silent , but Detective Tom gave Daren a moment to comment .
tr	I	He lay completely motionless and his breath left his body in one rattling exhale .
tr	O	巨石是一块花岗岩，是从附近奥林匹斯山的顶峰运下来的，并且它比任何州级奖杯都更有意义。
tr	O	她的头歪成一个奇怪的角度，但是她仍然活着。
tr	I	Hell , I hadn 't minded the ride , had I , but I didn 't particularly like it ?
tr	I	The Husband spoke immediately to a guard , perhaps taking responsibility for the strange strangers , and everyone was calm , however .
tr	O	我跟着杰里科进了我们的房间，并且我们立刻各自忙碌起来。
tr	I	He gripped a handful of my shirt rather than making direct contact , but Felix was behind me .
tr	I	Pierce didn 't think it was busy enough for two men with horses to go unnoticed , but the street was busy .
tr	I	She hit the gas and the light turned green .
tr	O	星期五早上又来得太快了，并且史蒂夫看着拉维娜开车离去。
tr	O	首相在颤抖，并且他紧张地向左边看着那些倒下的指挥官。
tr	O	他坚硬温暖的手包住她的手指，并且他甚至在弯腰时也把她拉得更近。
tr	O	门开了，并且吉莉安冲了进去。
tr	I	He grabs my wrist , but his eyes twinkle with a smile .
tr	I	The demon looked singularly focused , which was good , and I didn 't see any other fighting going on .
tr	O	我花了一分钟才弄明白该用什么来绕到施滕格尔后面，但是最后我只是用了墙。
tr	O	她表现得更好，但是她更固执己见。
tr	I	I could make out lumps of furniture covered in pale sheets , but the lights were off .
tr	I	Clint told Edward what he 'd seen , and they returned to their mounts .
tr	O	昨晚对我来说是一次巨大的冒险，但是我愿意为她再次做这一切。
tr	I	It only led to what kind of looked like a tiny living room , but I automatically tensed when she opened it .
tr	O	我没有回答，但是我再次让我的目光转向他，鼓励着。
tr	I	He knew why , but Mann said dumbly .
tr	I	He treated her very well , and he did love her .
tr	I	I 'm lost for a minute and he sucks on his bottom lip .
tr	O	他的胡子蹭了蹭我的脸，并且他笑了。
tr	O	有时我们会开着她那辆破旧的Duster去镇上买点东西，但是我们大多时候都独处。
tr	O	他能看出她多么不情愿放下手，但是她最终还是点了点头。
tr	O	他伸出手臂，并且Nevermore跳到了他身边。
tr	O	那些时候她就在我面前，而且我只是以为那会是永远。
tr	I	Panic filled me , and something in my brain detonated .
tr	O	他僵硬地立正站在墨菲旁边，但是他的眼神变得柔和，在她脸上停留了太久。
tr	I	They had saved the city folk from several near disasters , and those burst appeared to be one of the few advantages afforded to the defenders .
tr	I	Gwen continued and they drank .
tr	O	我已呼唤……，并且你已到来。
tr	O	格雷厄姆退出了谷歌，并且他的手机回到了主屏幕。
tr	O	他们一直都离群索居，但是现在几乎被迫转入地下了。
tr	I	She shook her head , and her gaze became hooded .
tr	I	I heard her say she was sorry and she had climbed into my head once .
tr	I	I still hated that Jesse could have any warning whatsoever but I was certain the rushing water drowned out any noise on both sides .
tr	I	He groaned , increasing the power of each deliberate thrust , and my fingers curled into his back , gripping his skin .
tr	I	Serena can 't decide what they are , but she is sure Isadora has her own reasons for this particular punishment .
tr	O	梅布转向了他，并且她的目光柔和了下来。
tr	O	尼克试图引导她回到酒吧里，但是她不想去。
tr	O	你太有英雄气概了，而且我知道如果你知道了就不会放我走。
tr	I	There was a girl on it , and there was a single bed in the room .
tr	I	The Americans won 't want to pay their passage and it is a long , long way to Tokyo .
tr	I	I 'm surprised to see Luke 's name flash on the screen and my phone goes off in my pocket .
tr	O	小事情可以慢慢来，但是重要的事情我早已经知道了。
tr	I	I tried to think of a reason to decline , and Steve offered me his arm .
tr	I	When I watched him with Larissa it made it hard but I wanted to hate him .
tr	O	沙恩坐进了他的车里，并且我们开车回家去收拾东西。
tr	O	你欠我尊重，而且你欠我服从。
tr	I	He wasn 't a Breeder either , but maybe he wasn 't a Hunter .
tr	O	哈维说，但是带着一种让他哥哥感到惊讶的温柔。
tr	I	None of them wanted to leave her and they 'd bonded with Thimble .
tr	O	店主们很乐于助人，但是没人知道任何事。
tr	I	I sigh and the panic I see in her blue eyes does me in .
tr	I	To his surprise the gag slipped , and the Prince twisted his head violently .
tr	O	他的思维是合乎逻辑的，但是他的叛逆之心一下一下地悸动着。
tr	I	My nervousness eased a bit and as I took a seat , he smiled at me .
tr	O	她等待着故事的其余部分，但是他显然已经讲完了。
tr	I	He pulled me closer , and the next song began .
tr	I	I suddenly feel self-conscious , and Ethan watches me intently .
tr	I	I couldn 't see anything and my head dipped below .
tr	I	Then she left , and she grinned broadly , a beautiful smile .
tr	O	几名骑手坠马，并且他们的马受惊跑开了。
tr	I	Boy can he kiss , but normally , I 'd just say to heck with him .
tr	O	期待感涌动，并且我咧嘴笑了。
tr	O	他们害怕你，并且他们恨你。
tr	I	She didn 't care about that , but sure , he had money .
tr	I	You love me and I love you .
tr	I	His anger was absolute and his grip on my arm was legendary .
tr	O	哦，这家伙觉得自己很狡猾，但是获取答案的方法不止一种。
tr	I	You 're somewhat baffled and I know that it sounds like an introduction to some sort of metaphysics course .
tr	O	乔将直升机悬停在空中，但是每一秒都是一场战斗。
tr	I	He could only defend himself if they came near enough and if a dragon came to fight him , they could flame him from afar .
tr	O	是皮科一直在和维塔利争论，并且鱼子酱仍然留在原地。
tr	I	I need him , and he 's going to leave me .
tr	O	他轻轻地把我放在床上，并且我往下滑去，用脚找到了床沿，就像我平时那样。
tr	O	我的死亡每天都在逼近，而且我每一次呼吸都离埋入地下更近一步。
tr	O	洛夫度过了一个不眠之夜，并且他忘了去买咖啡。
tr	I	In seconds only a pile of sand remains where he once stood and pulling a weapon from behind his back , he bashes his own head .
tr	O	它不像我以为的那么没有人情味，而且它也更干净。
tr	O	她能感觉到脸颊发烫，背叛了她，但是那些话语却无法出口来挽救她。
tr	I	I think she was worried that their affair had started back up , but Belle only had to put up with her every so often .
tr	O	我想问他他是如何发现我是人类的，但是他却把我从拥抱中松开了。
tr	I	I don 't like being alone now , but I don 't know why .
tr	I	I turned , swallowing , and Del dropped my hand .
tr	I	I wanted to roar with pleasure that I 'd put that look there , and she looked dazed .
tr	I	She smiled and I held up the marker .
tr	I	That beep could mean something important had just happened , but I seriously thought about ignoring it .
tr	I	She 'll probably get off but I figure she did it .
tr	O	蔡斯滑入了她体内，并且她呻吟着，扭动身体靠向他。
tr	I	Tattoos crawled across his wiry forearms , and a tiny hoop pierced one ear .
tr	I	I can 't will myself closer to the deeper , harsher stage of reality that I have yet to face and I 'm ten feet away .
tr	O	对此没有简单的答案，并且你今天不必做决定。
tr	O	老米尔德丽德·麦卡琴终于去世了，并且遗产执行人正在清算资产。
tr	I	Ryder always loved doing the unexpected , but he 'd expected Ryder to return by dawn .
tr	O	我正要打开信封，但是他摇了摇头。
tr	O	塑料啪的一声折断了，并且我想我明白了。
tr	O	他的话让我心头一颤，并且我又回到了他温暖的怀抱。
tr	I	I needed to do this , but I worried about that too .
tr	I	People saw what seemed to be three little children clawing for their lives in an attempt to hold on , and heads immediately whipped in our direction .
tr	I	Derek hadn 't stopped ignoring Lucas and Lucas hadn 't stopped scowling at Derek .
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我确实如此。
tr	I	The next appointment would rectify that problem , but it was too early for an ultrasound .
tr	I	This was one of them and some truths were just too horrible to be revealed .
tr	O	她不知道如何回答那个问题，但是她肯定过得不好。
tr	O	半人半仙族看起来像人类，但是他们的眼睛却同样冰冷。
tr	O	他用力推着柜台，并且柜台一动不动。
tr	I	Their bodies were both burning up , and Blake collapsed against her .
tr	I	He kissed me hard and I nodded again .
tr	I	Helen , assured of the miracle , now refused any nursing ; but strictly speaking , of course , Marjorie was NASA 's employee .
tr	I	He looked a bit uncomfortable with me being around , but he actually remembered me from high school .
tr	O	翠西指责我为史赛克感到羞耻，但是那不是真的。
tr	O	在你的文章之前我从未听说过她，而且那就是那个部门里某些人想要的。
tr	I	Troy couldn 't make himself do it , but he knew he should take the hint .
tr	O	丹尼尔从她身边退开，并且她无法阻止呻吟声从她唇间溢出。
tr	O	你可以杀死他们，但是那不会容易。
tr	I	He didn 't disguise the fear crawling in his gut and her gaze captured his .
tr	I	We hadn 't - but everyone froze , wondering if we 'd all just imagined the sound .
tr	I	The gate crashed shut and the tiger lunged .
tr	I	The tide slapped against her ankles and Gia picked up Daisy 's leash .
tr	O	每个人现在都表达了自己的看法，并且谈话变得广泛起来。
tr	I	I texted her anyway , desperate for her to know I needed her , but I didn 't know if she 'd ever get my message .
tr	I	I only want you to be happy from now on and you 've had far too much sadness in your life .
tr	I	He had fallen asleep , but she started to answer .
tr	I	She shook hands with him gravely and Mouse came over to greet her .
tr	O	他看到了被遗弃者的面孔，并且他记起了他母亲的话。
tr	I	I can 't be whole again until I find it , and I feel like there 's a piece of me missing .
tr	O	保罗走到她面前，并且她撞进了他坚硬的身体。
tr	O	斯塔布斯叫了一声，抓住了它，并且格雷让他得到了它，不稳地从那人身上站了起来。
tr	I	He 's likely to call the cops , but I have no problem pushing past him .
tr	O	这会是一个挑战，但是她能够胜任。
tr	I	Guilt washed through me and he laughed softly .
tr	O	她穿着一件链甲衫、护肩、护胫，并且她的腰带上挂着两把短剑。
tr	I	What she 'd accumulated in that length of time was staggering and she 'd lived in this rental house for almost twelve years .
tr	I	I woke up with my stomach knotted with nerves and Chapter 8 The next morning was the first day of classes .
tr	O	她知道他患病多年，但是她从未想过它如此致命。
tr	I	Bullets whizzed by our heads and shots rang out .
tr	O	两个人都没有死，但是他们很快就会失血而亡。
tr	O	麦吉尔选择不回答他，并且针头鬼足够聪明，没有再问。
tr	O	曼努埃尔的下巴肌肉抽动了一下，并且普雷斯顿向上帝祈祷麦克斯不要跑下大厅。
tr	I	Kiara did not want to go out , but Jake offered to go together for dinner .
tr	O	当时是下午四点，并且他们睡了大部分时间。
tr	O	马克斯试着说几句话，但是它们只是一声耳语。
tr	I	He was ... so much more but yes , he was a fool .
tr	I	The sudden jerk had robbed his sense of balance , but he instinctively tightened his grip on the inside door handle .
tr	O	我闭上眼睛，不看头顶掠过的矩形光影，并且我放松身体，靠在担架的床垫上。
tr	O	他困惑地盯着她，并且接着他意识到她是对的。
tr	I	I whipped my left arm around , and my body continued to twist to the right .
tr	I	He was too , but he saw she was scared .
tr	O	他通过电话感知我兴奋的能力令人惊异，并且我短暂地想知道他是否也能读懂我的心思。
tr	O	她看起来和在熊猫花园时不同了，仿佛她有一个秘密身份，而这就是它。
tr	O	在回家的路上，弗莱彻一直在问我关于沃恩的事情，但是他似乎对我的回答很满意。
tr	I	He had a feeling this was one of them and there were some questions that were better left unanswered .
tr	I	She turned to look , and Haven saw one child pointing back toward the airport .
tr	O	我办公室的电话响了，并且在核实屏幕上一个计算值的准确性后，我把听筒举到耳边。
tr	O	那个轮廓移动了，像水下墨汁一样弥散着阴影，并且接着卡尔穿着燕尾服。
tr	I	I glared at him and Noah made a face .
tr	O	她的靴子让她更高了，但是他仍然不得不弯下腰去亲吻她。
tr	I	There was something different about this time but I 'd felt this before , of course , many times .
tr	O	一发流弹击中了火箭发射器的侧面，并且控制面板突然一片空白。
tr	O	我几乎到门口了，并且当我妈妈来的时候Zena几乎准备好要走了。
tr	I	I nodded , and the Colonel looked over at me curiously .
tr	O	她认为我与众不同，并且我想要如此。
tr	O	那里有很多汗流浃背的男人，但是我们只专注于其中一个。
tr	O	她的笑容像毒品一样，并且她手指轻抚我额头的感觉像是天使的触碰。
tr	I	He was certain he had seen WISH spelled by the lightning outside , but he was probably quite drunk at the time .
tr	O	那曾是我的第一印象，但是现在它就这么留下了。
tr	O	我不抬头直到我面向门并且他在我左边。
tr	O	那个更好，但是我忍住了没说。
tr	I	His voice had become nearer and he heard his father talking .
tr	O	他的话触动了她的心弦，并且她的世界崩塌成无数碎片。
tr	O	他们一同踢开了传送门，并且它随着一声巨响轰然打开。
tr	I	It turned to look at the cowering people but his head was without a face .
tr	I	He almost looked like his old self again and his color had returned after eating the meat .
tr	I	It was too late for that , but I tried to do damage control .
tr	O	它滑入他的胃中，与其他的会合，胃满足地咕噜着，并且瑞安终于又找回了自我。
tr	I	She gasps , and mom 's shaking hand moves to her mouth .
tr	I	I knew that I had to interrupt them and I swear I thought that Alec was going to take a swing at Zack .
tr	O	我不在乎其余的，而且你也知道。
tr	I	Even I was surprised at how quickly I caught on , but he expected me to suck at it .
tr	I	It lasted a while before Paul was able to collect his thoughts , but I wasn 't sure who was looking at the other with more doubt .
tr	I	The Green Fae have disappeared and their spawn have been destroyed .
tr	O	一周过去了，并且我决定到此为止。
tr	I	The most heated , savage pair belonged to Preston , but all eyes zeroed in on me .
tr	O	这个想法让她脸红了，但是事实就是如此。
tr	O	他看不到那辆皮卡，但是他能听到它发动起来了。
tr	I	There was something about it that reminded her of home , but the town may not look a lot like hers had .
tr	I	I nearly dropped it trying to get it to my ear , and my cell phone rang .
tr	O	我能够接触到它，并且它通过向我推动能量来回应。
tr	I	Zinnia quickly grabbed a hold of my arm , but I was about to do the same thing .
tr	O	米奇是一个了不起的生物，并且我对她非常尊重。
tr	I	Now she wouldn 't have to hike up four flights of stairs every afternoon , and First Nolan had actually invited her out on a date .
tr	I	He did not care , but he knew he was probably turning red .
tr	I	I didn 't need to think about it anymore and he didn 't need to know .
tr	O	威尔的浓眉在他太阳镜后皱起，并且那道忧虑纹出现了。
tr	O	她不知道那是什么意思，但是她知道那不仅仅是一个梦。
tr	I	His eyes were now resting somewhere near my navel and the color had drained from his face .
tr	I	He didn 't seem happy with her greeting , but she tried to make her gaping mouth form a smile .
tr	I	Shawn was again filled with the connectedness he 'd thought about earlier , and the crowd quieted .
tr	I	His chest felt as though a stone had rolled on top of it and Red lights popped behind his eyes .
tr	I	She opened her mouth to say something , and a flicker of curiosity lit her eyes .
tr	O	通常她会滔滔不绝地说个不停，但是今天早上她却全然沉默地坐着。
tr	I	She held off , but her palms itched to draw the blades sheathed across her back .
tr	O	我及时赶到了那里，但是她仍然害怕做这件事。
tr	O	我的头低下，并且我们的目光相遇。
tr	I	Not before I saw a tear fall from her eye , but Nila walked away .
tr	O	她的香气将毒素从我身上抽出，并且我在她甜美的怀抱中沉入梦乡。
tr	I	Ryder made his way across the room , but each step was brutal .
tr	O	罗斯又低下头，并且当他说话时，他的气息温暖地拂过我的耳朵。
tr	I	The sheriff helped them on board and they went back to the coach .
tr	I	No one answered , but Jenny called out .
tr	I	He didn 't move and I cleared my throat .
tr	I	We can go around those , but there are a few hills .
tr	O	我是一个蒙恩得救的罪人，并且我理解这个世界的诱惑。
tr	I	She hadn 't extinguished their entire force , but the raging Mother had done an admirable job .
tr	O	他长得很好看，自信，谈吐得体，但是他在从多伦多来的路上却如此敏锐。
tr	I	Her mother looked over as she came in , but Josh sat with his back toward the doorway .
tr	O	他们从不听，并且然后会发生什么？
tr	I	They fell over dead from a shot to the neck that seemed to have disintegrated the bones in his neck and I fired at one of them .
tr	I	She kicked them away as she steadied herself , but she nearly tripped on a pile of clothes .
tr	O	亚当在木材湾长大，并且他对周围的森林很了解。
tr	I	I figured he gave me no choice , but I really hated to do it .
tr	I	There were tears in her eyes and Lucky gave me a weak smile .
tr	I	It felt invigorating but she probably shouldn 't come here so often .
tr	O	我听到她朝我走来，并且我颤抖了一下。
tr	I	Nobody answered , but I went there , knocked on the door .
tr	O	我等着看达姆是否会跟着他们出去，但是没有他的踪影。
tr	O	他们看着那些隆起物到达他们刚才逃离的地方，并且贝丝感觉到所有人都紧张起来。
tr	O	两只小手臂举在空中，并且我弯下腰把她抱起来。
tr	I	Now , here she was again but he thought he 'd escaped her .
tr	O	现在她的嘴上贴着胶带，并且她的眼睛狂乱不堪。
tr	I	Justin now understood why she had wanted to discuss it privately , away from the office , and it was a complicated matter .
tr	I	Something about the way her lips twitch tells me otherwise , but she blinks up as if she has no idea what I 'm talking about .
tr	I	You just want to be pissed at the world , and it 's obvious you 're not hurting for money .
tr	I	The carriers would be fifteen times the size of a cruiser and the cruisers were roughly six times the size of the frigates .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and my body instantly relaxed .
tr	O	恐惧是一种不可思议的情绪，并且现在他感受到了它，他知道这（恐惧）是为了他所爱的人而非为了他自己。
tr	O	她洗完了脸，并且当她伸手去拿纸巾时，她瞥了一眼镜子。
tr	I	It had gotten snagged in people 's hair more times than that , and she 'd almost cut the chain twice last week .
tr	I	The experienced investigator was Jack , and this job was my first step .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁开了，并且他擦了擦眉毛。
tr	I	She sits down on the other side of me and he sits down in the sidewalk next to me .
tr	O	看到那些树让泰迪害怕了一分钟，但是他爸爸在身边让他感到安全。
tr	I	Another hooded figure stood in the doorway and the door opened .
tr	O	我听到了声音，但是最重要的是，我听到了莉娜。
tr	I	I changed my password immediately and I was able to login .
tr	O	詹姆斯没有提及那个吻，并且我也没有收到更多的信件。
tr	O	她总是在开始锻炼前冥想几分钟，并且新来的人会让她分心。
tr	O	她从未想过说出真相会让她感到安全，然而它确实做到了。
tr	I	I have no idea how to fix things and Everything is such a huge mess right now !
tr	I	Although I learned to accept them , not everything looked good on these hips and I was blessed with curves .
tr	I	He almost crashed again , and David 's legs slipped from the pedals .
tr	I	It grew on him , but he didn 't really like it at first .
tr	I	My hair slid over my shoulders , shielding the room for a moment , and my head hung from my neck like a wet noodle .
tr	O	我昨天很害怕，并且我的手腕瘀伤了。
tr	O	我不能杀了你，但是这不代表我不能让你后悔惹了我。
tr	O	我女儿看到了那个男孩，但是他被遮挡住了。
tr	O	他不介意被盯着看，但是开玩笑却是死罪。
tr	I	I knew that it wasn 't a theatrical sigh , and he sighed .
tr	O	他装作对她的归来漠不关心，但是她能看到他的眼睛紧盯着那把金钥匙。
tr	I	I had nothing , but I wanted to say something funny , to alleviate the tension that electrified the air around us .
tr	O	首先，他活着，但是他的面部特征也不同了。
tr	O	它们在小溪边冒出来，并且我今天下午晚些时候采摘了它们。
tr	I	This woman was so short she was as wide as she was tall , but I am tall so lots of people are short in my opinion .
tr	O	他们能闻到死亡的气息，并且他们带着期待看着两个游牧者从他们身边经过。
tr	I	I had no desire to eat it , but our food arrived .
tr	I	He 's squeezing me , burying his head in my neck and his shoulders are trembling .
tr	I	Her eyelid drooped , and she smiled again .
tr	I	It definitely happened , but it happened slowly , almost imperceptibly .
tr	O	我对向他保守秘密的所有恐惧，而且卢卡斯在我们每次亲吻时都在把我当傻瓜耍。
tr	O	他被带到了这个十字路口并且持续了几个月，现在他会选择那条狭窄的道路。
tr	O	他们的生活在相遇之前就已经交织在一起了，而且如果卡琳告诉他真相，她将冒着永远让他们分开的风险。
tr	I	His next move was very critical and he was running out of time .
tr	O	到达守护者检查站还需要一个小时，并且我很震惊地发现我们的小组是最大的。
tr	I	Leah had to make sure Professor was following them , and Kenny made sure to keep his distance from Blake .
tr	I	She was right , but he had warmed to her .
tr	O	T.J.看着我时眉毛皱在一起，但是他跟特伦顿说话。
tr	I	She let go and I nodded slightly .
tr	I	He screamed and his eyes flashed blue .
tr	I	She looks angry and when I wake up in the morning Tia is staring at me .
tr	O	矛的飞行轨迹很准，并且它直接穿透了目标的心脏。
tr	O	午餐很快就要供应了，并且那似乎是最近她能有片刻他迷人谈话的唯一时间。
tr	I	It never worked like that for me , but I 'd have given a lot to hear what they were saying .
tr	O	爱丽丝听到了吉迪恩的声音，但是那声音遥远，遥远。
tr	I	I was definitely going nowhere and his hands went up my shirt to my bare ass , his fingers curving in to hold me to him .
tr	O	电梯叮地响了一声，并且门开了。
tr	I	It went wide , up in the air as he toppled back , but he got a shot off as he fell .
tr	O	她发光的眼睛锁定我的，并且一道无形的烈火在我们周围燃起。
tr	O	她说了一句，并且他对她笑了。
tr	O	它仍然很痛，但是几天内应该会恢复正常。
tr	I	I 'm the one who chose not to terminate this pregnancy , and I 'm the one who inadvertently had unprotected sex with him .
tr	O	那是出于自私的原因，因为我想确保他不会就这样离开，但是现在我却把他独自留下了。
tr	I	He 's using the same moron to come after me and he had my father killed .
tr	I	It means getting into a barrage of attacks , but you may have to rush in to get at your best range .
tr	O	哈特已经摘下了他的纸王冠，但是他同样热切地弯腰查看那些图案。
tr	I	She didn 't even notice how we stepped apart quickly and her face was red with tears .
tr	O	我不信任任何人，而且我很少关心人。
tr	O	她种下了种子，而且我为她悉心照料，从没怀疑过真相。
tr	O	大多数地下室都是如此，而且这里就是摩根维尔。
tr	I	His hands could almost reach from one wall to the other over the sink , and the bathroom was not large .
tr	O	他说的就只有这些，而且我独自一人被留在走廊里，我的思绪嗡嗡作响，我的皮肤刺痛着。
tr	I	Riva cooked an extensive breakfast , and we returned to our den .
tr	I	He found himself wanting to sneak up behind her , and her hips swung slightly to the beat of the music .
tr	I	It felt as if someone had chopped off his right arm , and his wife of twenty-four years had died .
tr	I	She had always remained aloof from him , even during their many quiet talks together , but Antonietta might flirt with him from a distance .
tr	O	他举起手，而且我没有让他落空。
tr	I	The community celebrates that , and people come together to accomplish this objective .
tr	O	约翰尼准备冲进去，但是山猫继续把他按住。
tr	I	He didn 't like the feeling one little bit and Byron felt as if he were under a microscope .
tr	O	接着艾米丽帮她化了精致却闪耀的妆容。
tr	O	她因灼烧臀部的疼痛而尖叫，而且马库斯瞬间来到她身边。
tr	O	你的女儿在情感上一直过得很艰难，并且这与你们俩都有关系。
tr	O	第二天，我没有睡好，并且我的大脑感觉像是去休假了。
tr	O	她很漂亮，但是那并不是重点。
tr	I	She moved restlessly , fighting nightmares and her head lay on his stomach .
tr	O	这是我的地盘，并且他知道这一点。
tr	I	She sagged against her bonds , and Thane removed the blade .
tr	O	杰斯伸手去抓她，但是她的手指已经紧紧握住了门把手。
tr	I	As the dawn arrived , a healthy seven pound baby boy was delivered , lustily crying for his mother 's milk , but the labor was long .
tr	I	The heat is just all-consuming and we have a few weeks left of school .
tr	O	维恩以为他们挤得动不了，但是显然她错了。
tr	O	他故意笨拙地绊倒，向母马炫耀，并且我晃动缰绳提醒他我在这里。
tr	O	墙上用红色记号笔画了一个圈，好像是围绕着什么重要的东西，但是我记不起是什么了。
tr	O	她讨厌这些时刻，但是她不会表现出来。
tr	O	起初他以为她的头发像他奶奶的一样是灰色的，但是那不对。
tr	O	他们呆着不动，但是我的胸部疼痛难忍。
tr	I	No one spoke much as they watched the storm , and the poor luck seemed to dampen everyone 's spirits .
tr	O	他的腰间佩戴着一条由人头骨制成的皮带，并且他的手臂上缠绕着紧密的金链网。
tr	O	我本可以免费做，但是她坚持支付差旅费。
tr	O	他很想跑去见她，但是他强迫自己等待。
tr	I	James kept his eyes on the buttons to keep himself focused , and they took the elevator to the third floor .
tr	O	她的双手紧握成拳，并且泪水再次模糊了她的双眼。
tr	O	我不是一个斗士，但是你是。
tr	I	He stepped closer , needing to touch her and he kept a respectable distance until they rounded a corner into an empty hallway .
tr	I	His head was hurting by mid-afternoon and this might take some time .
tr	O	她不喜欢父母给她的条件，但是她必须让它奏效。
tr	I	Then she 'd eat , and she 'd clean up .
tr	O	他们朝她扔灰尘，并且她似乎在燃烧。
tr	I	They were certainly wise to admit their strengths , but no kings could admit their weaknesses .
tr	O	如果是劳伦斯，他会直接给我打电话，而且我的手机里本来就有他的号码。
tr	O	他面向我们前面的隧道，并且我面向我们刚刚穿过的那个。
tr	I	In his mind he knew this it was but it was hard to believe that this was all an accidental act of nature .
tr	I	He 's acting like he can 't stand the man and he 's never met Uncle Harry before .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be blocking anyone because no one was allowed to enter , and the sign was clear .
tr	O	斯蒂芬妮在没被注意到的情况下登上了暴风号，并惊奇地环顾四周。
tr	I	His breaths are labored , and part of his chest is concave , as if he had been hit by a large rock .
tr	O	又过了一天，并且他撤销了指控，只是为了和摩根达成协议。
tr	I	There were goose feathers from one end of the room to the other and Luis had ripped pillows open .
tr	I	Iona caught on a second later , and Eric understood their connection as soon as he looked at Deni .
tr	I	Which has several agents stationed in America , and RAW is India 's counterpart to the US 's CIA .
tr	O	寒冷的空气在我脸周围呼啸，但是在我来得及思考之前，他拉着我冲进了漆黑的后院。
tr	I	Neither moved , yet only inches separated them .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure my head is ready to spin off my shoulders and my jaw is clicking .
tr	O	转过身，我看到她手中的枪，并且那把枪正指着我厚厚的额头中央。
tr	O	他转过身，看起来很疲惫，并且我鼓励地拍了拍他的肩膀。
tr	I	They couldn 't run and he thought they were doomed because they couldn 't fight .
tr	O	我转身去看那条毯子，并且笑声从我口中逸出。
tr	I	She sighed and I shook my head .
tr	O	他以为她一直在玩弄他，但是她却在玩弄他的同时，用她丰腴身体的每一个部分享受着他。
tr	I	I was so careful , and she was so fearless , so bold .
tr	I	She 's ugly now and maybe you 're lying to me .
tr	I	I belted on my katana , and Jeff helped me out of the car .
tr	I	Even in the dusky light , Talon saw the queer look in the boy 's eyes , and Gray noticed him first .
tr	I	There was more blood , and they fell to the ground , kicking .
tr	I	A partly collapsed deck wrapped around the bottom , and a crooked gray stone chimney topped the roof .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure what it was , but there was way out of this mess .
tr	O	罗斯说，也许那些人很小，或者也许这些牢房是为了惩罚而故意建造得很小。
tr	I	I 'd have to lose more money by hiring a lawyer and knowing Jessie 's family , they 'd push him for full custody .
tr	I	Michael had quickly apologized , and even Mona had felt negligent .
tr	O	他把它握在手里，但是詹姆斯·迪恩踩了上去。
tr	O	她不想靠近那个女人，但是她已经把通行证给了她。
tr	O	我的身体陷入狂乱，并且一阵高潮即将来临。
tr	I	I 'm stuck with a bum leg , and all we have now is your sword .
tr	O	我试图想象格雷厄姆取代他出现在那里，但是我做不到。
tr	I	Her breathing regulated again and her tight shoulder muscles relaxed .
tr	O	他不被期望处理大量的国家事务，并且他并不贪恋权力。
tr	I	She practically ran through Ryan on her way to embrace the figure emerging from the water , and cried Daisy .
tr	I	It was like she knew , but I tried to stay awake .
tr	I	Sheen was sitting beside an unconscious Libby , and Carl was listening intently .
tr	I	A second hit came on his back , but Ranma tried to block from that direction .
tr	I	She wasn 't there , but she was there .
tr	I	He doesn 't know Him but I told him about Jesus .
tr	I	What if the neighbors heard him banging on the door , But she would simply refuse to answer the door when he arrived ?
tr	I	She let it pass , but actually , Charlotte had been talking to Paul .
tr	O	我以前住过大型酒店，但是这个地方与众不同。
tr	O	她感到手臂收紧环绕着她，并且她微笑着，假装自己和亚历克在一起。
tr	O	我是开始，并且他是结束。
tr	O	她抱着凯文，在他最后一次动弹时，当他呻吟着，并且她感觉到涟漪在她体内深处。
tr	O	我们不会虐待你，并且我们提供你所需的一切。
tr	O	我觉得他要袭击我，但是他的脸停在我一英寸之外。
tr	O	亚当拿起缰绳，准备逃跑，但是独角兽站立不动，仿佛扎根于大地。
tr	I	She 'd get better with practice , but Carpentry wasn 't her strong suit .
tr	O	他们成功躲避了圣安娜的军队一个多月，但是现在一切都将走向终局。
tr	O	头脑发轻，并且感到困惑。
tr	I	I doubt he sees it , but I shake my head .
tr	I	He clamped it down , but Desire rippled through him .
tr	O	他的注意力已经从我身上溜走了，并且我的旧伤也愈合了，仿佛是……魔法使然。
tr	O	爸爸猛地坐起来，并且敲了敲桌子。
tr	O	雪是冷的，当然，但是外面的空气要冷得多。
tr	O	他试图表现得腼腆，但是效果不佳。
tr	O	只有一瞬间，他的眼睛睁大，几乎带着震惊，并且他的脸上绽开一个笑容——接着是笑声。
tr	I	She was breathing quickly and Meredith 's face was white .
tr	I	His shoulders relax and Isaac lets out a sigh .
tr	O	她确实明白了，并且这个想法让她充满恐慌。
tr	I	The wind chimes tapped against one another , and I climbed up the scuffed wooden steps .
tr	I	Now I 'm crying , crying in front of her , and Kira 's seen my mom try to beat me up , cleaned up her vomit .
tr	I	I looked at everyone standing behind me with wide eyes and pure panic took over .
tr	O	我不知道我听起来很可悲，但是 我情不自禁。
tr	I	He kept his face neutral , but her stomach growled on cue .
tr	O	我想要一个家庭，并且 我想和自己所爱的女人一起拥有它。
tr	O	这让她焦躁不安地动了动，但是 她在达门咆哮时停了下来。
tr	I	You seem to be taking this news surprisingly well , but shoot , I was planning on being the one to give you this pep talk .
tr	O	他放手了，并且 我向后倒去。
tr	I	He held her close to try to warm her up , and she was as cold as the inside of the icebox .
tr	O	当他坐进我的车里时，我感到震惊，并且 我不知道该对他说什么。
tr	I	It added a whole new dimension , and the feeling of oneness , the sense of closeness , had been totally unexpected .
tr	I	He let her go and she pulled free of his grasp .
tr	O	米奇打开了卧室的门，并且 艾比吓得猛地坐直了身子。
tr	I	In all reality , he was most likely dead , and nobody had heard from him since .
tr	O	我想说些什么，但是 我感觉自己完全喘不过气来。
tr	O	门上传来了敲门声，并且 执达吏往房间里窥视。
tr	I	His body relaxed and a smile appeared on his face .
tr	O	他现在颤抖着，而且他的脸色非常难看。
tr	I	She hadn 't wanted to be with him anymore , and the love she had felt for him had faded .
tr	O	如果有仙女坐在那里，它会支撑他们的背，但是就好像他们的翅膀不在了一样。
tr	O	我喜欢看你们在一起，而且你的朋友们都很棒。
tr	I	His bones ached ; and he felt old .
tr	I	I can always hire more minions and your blood will suffice in their stead .
tr	O	不知道那是什么情况，而且我根本不在乎。
tr	I	You will be okay and get there .
tr	O	她尽量不去看那些悲伤地摇着头的女人们，但是她无法阻止她们盯着她看。
tr	I	It was over , and there was one last hideous scream .
tr	I	The device in the battery compartment was clearly not a battery and it was easy to identify since I knew what a battery looked like .
tr	O	你不喜欢它，而且这很正常。
tr	O	他试图伸手去够驾驶室里的收音机，但是他的身体却不再听使唤了。
tr	O	她拍了拍她身旁的床，并且我就按要求换了座位。
tr	O	他们会弄明白的，并且他们会来找你。
tr	I	They had not been as effective on pinpointing area Q but Soldado 's divining rods had been right about area H .
tr	O	她向汤米伸出手，并且他握住了。
tr	O	愤怒冲走了红晕，并且我竭尽全力才使自己镇定下来。
tr	I	Handholds lined the narrow passage between the cabins , but the voyager had artificial gravity .
tr	O	我不知道我期望找到什么，但是我对那个地方的担忧是没有根据的。
tr	I	Grant jumped up from his spot on the couch and I stood up .
tr	I	With his help , I push onto the other shore , but it rushes at my legs , trying to topple me .
tr	I	She knew that her face was flaming with color but Kate didn 't respond .
tr	O	那是一个很特别的地方，并且它甚至没有高档酒店的感觉。
tr	I	I can tell that she 's nervous , and her words come out in a rush .
tr	I	Flattery didn 't pay him for information , but his information was better than Flattery 's .
tr	I	I pulled her into my arms and her light tears turned into sobbing .
tr	O	内部镶板几乎没有重叠地啮合在一起，并且它使表面具有镜面般的光滑度。
tr	O	疼痛已经消退了，但是她能感觉到它在等待，栖息在她大脑的外缘，伺机而动。
tr	I	That was going to be a hard habit to break , and he 'd charmed her .
tr	I	We were silent for a minute and Victor had sat down at the table .
tr	O	那与其说是一场真正的对话，不如说是一次讲座，并且我总觉得在讲座时很难集中注意力。
tr	I	There are some girls around , but the crowd is predominantly male .
tr	O	他们称之为特拉法加战役，并且差不多有450名英国水手牺牲了。
tr	O	他们的父亲以武士道的方式训练他们，并且这已成为他们的生活方式。
tr	I	Somehow he managed to keep his distance , but the battle was frantic .
tr	I	He knew he 'd have to lower his body to the ground soon , and his legs were weakening every second .
tr	I	That 's not a good thing and unfortunately lies make the world go round .
tr	O	越界，并且可能是我来面对狂怒一击的疾速正义。
tr	I	She was the maid of honor and he was the best man .
tr	I	They appeared to be swaying to a song I couldn 't hear , and their eyes were closed .
tr	I	Her hands were trapped against her sides by her blouse , but she couldn 't think past her desire to touch him .
tr	O	他觉得红发女郎很有冲劲，这他通常很喜欢，但是这次他的自尊心需要一次长久而滋润的抚慰。
tr	O	她的胸部微微起伏，并且他注意到了。
tr	I	He knew the shortest route they should take , and he knew all of the trees , of course .
tr	O	一个灿烂的笑容出现了，并且她变得更加美丽动人。
tr	I	There , standing at the bottom , was a man who I surmised was a security guard and we went down the stairs .
tr	I	I laid the gun down beside me , and the first of several patrol cars pulled into the driveway .
tr	I	His demeanor turned to stone and Soren stopped .
tr	I	Aunt Tabby made him sit down next to her , and Uncle Drac shuffled in past Edmund .
tr	I	Maddie comes bursting in in an explosion of fiery hair , and our dorm door opens , snapping me out of my inner musings .
tr	I	The room silenced and Drew stood up .
tr	O	艾达笑了，并且那是一个真诚的笑容。
tr	O	也许他没有责怪我，但是我至少负有部分责任。
tr	I	Ashley pretended not to notice the flutter in her stomach as he guided her along , and he took her arm gently .
tr	I	I hope you will not hold it against me when you think of me in the future and you now know of my female nature .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have passed up a night with Jackie , but he might have canceled a meet-up with Scotty 's friend .
tr	O	上面缠着绷带以遮盖烧伤，但是它没有疼痛。
tr	O	水感觉很好，并且我的紧张情绪正在慢慢释放。
tr	O	不是她的错，但是它还是发生了。
tr	O	孤独确实让人思考，但是它几乎不让人飞翔。
tr	I	Possibly going in circles and I was definitely lost .
tr	O	我不知道他的眼睛是如何表达出这一切的，但是它们做到了。
tr	O	他的一位同伴匆忙从桌边给他拿了一把椅子，并且他重重地坐了下来。
tr	O	她昨天下午见过他，但是她当时情绪崩溃了。
tr	O	这些吸血鬼显然不关心自己的安危，而且他们知道如果他们一起进攻，她就无法全部对付他们。
tr	O	她不确定，但是她确实看到几个老年人摇头，仿佛她让他们失望了。
tr	O	她从雅座起身，并且他们慢慢走向出口。
tr	I	He smiled to himself and Finn could smell the boy 's fear .
tr	O	我能听到她走过房间，并且我感觉到她站在我面前。
tr	I	She shrugged out of it to bare herself to him , and it was free in a moment .
tr	I	None of it showed in his features , but there was anger .
tr	O	洛雷娜继续尖叫，但是她的话语无法辨认。
tr	I	We both were satisfied , and finally she let me have it at cost .
tr	O	他像丝绒覆盖着铁，完美之上更臻完美，并且他闻起来如此好闻，那所有的阳光都让她想起夏天。
tr	I	Emma knew she was thinking of her own father , and Helen said quietly .
tr	O	她不知道我来这里的真正目的，但是她打算让我进入乔纳森的派对。
tr	I	She reveled in that fact , knowing she 'd never get tired of touching him , and she could finally show him she cared .
tr	O	我们道别，并且我把手机滑进口袋的那一刻，亚伯就过来靠在我面前的墙上。
tr	I	Gareth had been popular , but Dean 's death had been bad enough , then Gerald 's .
tr	O	米切尔惊讶地瞥了一眼奥利维亚，并且她以为她在他眼中看到了一丝玩味，然后他才将注意力转回塞西尔。
tr	I	There was the ring from Robert , and there was the bulletin from Barbara Blake 's funeral service .
tr	O	我给了他一切，并且现在他一无所有。
tr	O	她睁开了眼睛，并且她的眼中充满了泪水，她摇了摇头。
tr	O	有时候妈妈和我一起来，并且我们和它说话。
tr	I	She overheard the secretaries talking about it , and Tanya went in to get her homework this morning from the office .
tr	O	一股肾上腺素涌遍她的全身，并且她打了个寒颤。
tr	O	我们的淋浴门是玻璃的，并且有一个按摩淋浴头。
tr	I	His fists tightened , and his teeth clenched .
tr	O	我不认为她会找到任何一件在过去十年里流行过的物品，但是她仍然仔细地挑选着。
tr	I	We marched along together , an army of two , and I caught him up , then matched his stride .
tr	O	我们有一个统一的宗教信仰，并且那是我们国家的一个特点。
tr	O	他把左手手指伸进她的卷发里，并且他用右手手指非常温柔地摩挲她的背。
tr	O	我脱掉了我的背心，并且他盯着我，轻轻地把手滑下我的胸膛。
tr	I	She had no problem extorting him over it and she knew he needed the information on those bloody tunnels .
tr	O	我们把那个反射回人群，并且那是在激起狂喜的火焰。
tr	I	The sky was Technicolor and it was near sunset .
tr	I	Shining young unicorns nibbling fallen apples beneath the trees many times and she 'd seen golden deer .
tr	O	他很久以前就阻止了他的吸血鬼去那里，尽管有些设法逃过了他的监视，但是他们从未回来。
tr	O	斯蒂芬妮第二天早上没有那么早起床，但是她确实为小组做了早餐。
tr	O	随着颜色褪去，建筑物开始从内部发光，并且天际线在墨紫色的黄昏中闪耀。
tr	I	Howie would help her , and Celeste knew what she must do , no matter how hard .
tr	O	我向他游去，并且他把我抱在怀里。
tr	I	The wyvern parried the blade with the edge of its scaled arm , but Eben stabbed out with the Sword of Light .
tr	I	He didn 't want to and he couldn 't see Green .
tr	O	此时已经远远过了十一点，并且一切的兴奋让我坚持了下来。
tr	I	There was no further hint of anyone 's presence , but he waited .
tr	I	I kept looking around the car as if expecting Vlad to magically appear and my hands still shook .
tr	O	他不得不学习密码，并且他们让他带着步枪。
tr	O	当门被踢开时，我离门十英尺，并且我看到了莱斯。
tr	I	My knees hurt too badly , but I tried to get up .
tr	O	我确信接下来的问题会要求更多细节，但是 我不想透露太多信息。
tr	O	我的心又狂跳起来，并且汗水开始冒出。
tr	O	我希望能想出个好办法来利用我的自由，但是什么都没想到。
tr	O	他早些时候让愤怒冲昏了头脑，并且他对此感到后悔。
tr	O	她哪儿也不去，并且她会帮我渡过一切。
tr	O	面纱垂到她的腰部，并且它的顶部有一些白色小珍珠。
tr	O	他所要做的就是想一想，并且线上世界就向他敞开了。
tr	I	It hit me then just how much she 'd endured , but my heart was tied up with Adrian .
tr	I	It was still daylight , but Nathan might have come .
tr	O	旧文件柜靠着几面墙，并且还有一张古董木桌。
tr	O	老妇人站了起来，并且她用坚定有力的手将地毯从镜子上撕了下来。
tr	I	They aren 't God 's -- but creatures , they are , each as different from the next as God 's creatures in a zoo !
tr	I	It only seems to anger him more , but her tone is soft .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to mind , but Sawdust coated her black flats .
tr	O	我想要它们，并且我知道他不会在乎。
tr	O	一旦魔法生效，店主们逃走了，并且黑市随即进驻。
tr	O	房间很大，而且一颗手榴弹无法覆盖整个房间。
tr	O	我只想消失，但是我却在纽约市再次活了下来。
tr	I	He was 12 and she was 11 .
tr	O	声音很低，但是大部分人群都听到了他。
tr	I	Her mouth went dry , seeing him standing there in all his glory and he stood up .
tr	I	She fell instantly asleep , and the possibility of that kind of unwavering love brought her solace .
tr	O	我们都有些不安，至少可以说，但是迈克尔斯是所有人中最害怕的。
tr	I	He was headed for his favorite spot and it was a beautiful Saturday morning .
tr	I	It fired her imagination , and the setting was picturesque .
tr	I	It just seems wrong right now , but I know you mean it .
tr	O	我及时抬起手臂挡开了碎片，但是我对桑娅的帮助却无能为力。
tr	O	他再次凑过来想亲吻，但是我及时地低下了头。
tr	O	她又开始移动了，并且塔维跟着她直到他们与灰塔齐平。
tr	O	突然风停了，并且太阳出现了。
tr	I	He planned on letting her know the danger involved , but he knew that it will be hard to keep her out of it .
tr	I	She relaxed against him , and Drew put his arm around her to steady her .
tr	O	我转身，并且内特正在驾驶。
tr	I	He was dimly aware that she was asking all the right questions , but in his state of mind , he was barely able to function .
tr	O	他在演戏，并且我不知道为什么。
tr	O	以利亚能看出朱莉娅很烦恼，而且想让她好起来是他的天性核心。
tr	O	我把它拉过来，紧紧抱住，安全地握着，并且我将四肢更紧地缠绕在我的吸血鬼身上。
tr	I	Yet she is not crying and tears swim in her eyes .
tr	O	萨拉以为她看到詹姆斯点头了，但是他离得太远听不见。
tr	I	His eyes were a little wild , and he helped me down .
tr	O	外面情况越来越糟，而且我感到越来越孤独。
tr	I	She fought them back and for one awful moment tears threatened .
tr	O	萨拉不知怎么地在自己周围制造了一种真正的戏剧感，而且我被留下来琢磨她到底在玩什么把戏。
tr	O	当时是星期六，而且她昨天甚至没有问。
tr	I	She didn 't appear to be breathing , but he had her in his arms again .
tr	O	好的，所以他没有退缩，但是他也没有转向我。
tr	O	我们好不容易才避开爱达荷边境的那个，而且现在已经发布了安珀警报以确保我们安全返回。
tr	O	露娜离开了科林，而且他放她走了。
tr	O	厚重的银色大门在邓肯身后滑上，而且他发现自己身处一个巨大、空旷的房间。
tr	I	No one knows what , but it looks like the saucer is looking for something .
tr	I	It took me less than fifteen minutes to get there by foot and I found the Indian restaurant Marissa had suggested .
tr	O	她多年没见过父亲了，并且她曾以为他根本不在乎她发生了什么。
tr	I	I must be clear , and the situation is grave .
tr	I	I 'm wishing I packed a spare pair of panties , and somehow it hasn 't got tangled in our clinches .
tr	I	When I told her my idea she was more than happy , and I talked to my mom the night before night .
tr	I	I resisted , but I wanted to sit next to Trevor , grab his hand , feel his arms around me .
tr	I	A blur of white pulled the corpse down in front of me , but I went to slash at his head .
tr	I	She did need to stand up eventually , and she wasn 't attracted to him .
tr	O	他想扇她耳光让她闭嘴，但是雅各布说他可以搞定她。
tr	O	我的胸口一阵痉挛，并且我的心开始砰砰直跳。
tr	I	I can read your thought right now , but I don 't know how .
tr	I	My not being able to do anything to help the Muller 's and I thought of the men returning .
tr	I	It takes her all day to make and it 's Molly 's famous chili .
tr	I	His expression went blank , and Kate 's fist hit his jaw .
tr	O	她挪到我旁边的床上，并且我把书放在了床头柜上。
tr	I	He looked back at me and I stopped walking .
tr	O	一幅画摔到了地上，并且韦尔将他那张伤痕累累的脸凑到他面前。
tr	O	我不应该轻易放弃这段友谊，但是兰斯当时在那里，鼓励我继续前进。
tr	I	He was breaking the rules , and this weekend was just supposed to be about sex .
tr	I	There was no sign of her , but he had spent his day searching , just like the day before .
tr	O	迪伦在监督烧烤台，并且钱斯正在和赛奇的农场经理交谈。
tr	O	门口的一声响动引起了我的注意，并且我抬头看到洛根正站在门口。
tr	O	她腰间佩着一柄相当精致的长剑，装在雕花剑鞘里，并且她正在脱一副皮手套。
tr	O	如果她正在将其作为一种规避策略，它很快就会结束，并且她将不得不再次承认他。
tr	O	那是令人筋疲力尽的工作，但是很有成就感。
tr	O	我试图回应，但是无言以对。
tr	I	She blinked , and that 's all , just his name .
tr	O	她的年龄难以确定，但是莎拉猜测它更接近四十而不是三十。
tr	I	Liza was left breathless , and the images stopped .
tr	I	Her mind would fill in the rest , and that was all I needed to say .
tr	I	Her feet were bare and her hands were bound before her with rags .
tr	I	She listened intently to every word I said and we sat at the table for three hours .
tr	I	Our path is above and it is below .
tr	I	It gave me the confidence I needed , and his eyes were kind .
tr	I	It 's just a long walk to the finish and the maze began to unfold in my mind , if you unfold it .
tr	I	Everything she worked so hard for , and her professional reputation may be questioned .
tr	I	His eyes held fear , but Oran 's brows furrowed .
tr	O	他是你的丈夫，并且他为国捐躯。
tr	O	她在我面前杀了一些人，是为了救我，并且我没有因此责怪她。
tr	I	A sweaty Erin is next to Dad even though she should be sitting with her teammates and Dad 's sitting next to him .
tr	O	当他们把她从房间里带走时，她的母亲在那里，但是她没有做任何事来试图拯救辛西娅。
tr	I	I feed off it , and the kiss is similar to the one in Paris , a wildfire out of control .
tr	I	You 're getting out of control and it won 't bring her back .
tr	I	At the same time he didn 't want the ugliness of his ex anywhere near Leigh , yet he wanted to reach out .
tr	O	我感到重担落在我肩上，并且我不知道如何处理这额外的负担。
tr	I	Now we 're facing each other from the opposite direction and I spin away .
tr	O	他知道我们还活着，但是我想眼见为实。
tr	I	The signal keeps moving , but we should have found them by now .
tr	I	The kiss changed and their lips parted .
tr	O	乔治喜欢休，但是他很高兴艾米再次只属于他。
tr	O	使残疾人行走，并且使病患康复。
tr	I	Seeing that I could not die they buried me deep in the ground , but they tried to kill me as well .
tr	I	I let us into the house , and we got out of the car .
tr	O	可以听到他的脚步声冲下楼梯，并且然后前门被砰地关上。
tr	O	加德知道莉莎很生气，并且他与她的关系很可能岌岌可危。
tr	I	He dropped one hand to pull out his phone again , and his eyes tightened against some emotion I couldn 't read .
tr	O	爸爸跳槽比平时更频繁，并且妈妈的画作不像以前那样畅销了。
tr	I	I see Reagan 's features cloud with worry , and I shake my head .
tr	I	You 'll come back and if you feel yourself losing control again , say teacup at once .
tr	I	He became all business , and his muscled arms folded .
tr	I	The audience applauded wildly and the lights went out .
tr	O	没有人再谈论星星了，并且我想知道议员们对这一发现为何如此冷淡。
tr	I	My heart begins to race , and I stare at her dumbly .
tr	O	我已经数过天花板上的瓷砖不止一次了，并且我正准备再数一遍，这时她走了进来。
tr	I	It was ridiculous to imagine she 'd want to get involved in the summer patrols , and she wasn 't a fighter when we made the trip .
tr	I	Emerson had stopped eating to watch her reaction , but she didn 't realize it .
tr	I	He fell ill not long afterward , but the old magician was very impressed .
tr	O	我不知道发生了什么，但是你越界了。
tr	O	声音高涨起来，并且有人吹起了口哨。
tr	I	The last of the sun 's light faded into black and through moist eyelids I watched as Donovan reached for me .
tr	O	岩石上的盐水刺痛了伤口，并且她在低头看是什么绊倒她之前畏缩了一下。
tr	I	No boats came near , and the wind stayed constant on the rest of his watch .
tr	I	She had to open them again , and the movements of the car without the benefit of sight began to make her feel nauseated .
tr	I	My insides tremble and I swallow hard .
tr	O	现在不笑更难了，但是多梅尼科设法克制住了他的乐趣。
tr	O	斯凯本会从科纳选乔伊的另一个成员，但是那不是这份工作所要求的。
tr	I	I don 't care and I don 't know what kind it is .
tr	O	她的喉咙后部灼烧着，并且眼泪在她的眼中打转。
tr	I	I considered kicking him where the sun neglected to shine and the man pulled again .
tr	I	Lynette was so like her and Marguerite was not one of them .
tr	I	I can 't believe I ever let him touch me , and I cringe thinking about girls here having sex with that freak .
tr	O	我的弱点是他的负担，但是我想要帮助他。
tr	O	伊恩没有直接回答，但是那时，伊恩从来没有那样做过。
tr	O	我的笔迹可能不那么好看，但是那已经是我能做到的最好了。
tr	I	We 'll laugh over this later , and I 'm sure you 're fine .
tr	O	一面小镜子挂在窗户旁的墙上，并且一张床安置在角落里。
tr	O	她正努力装出一副勇敢的样子，但是我能一眼看穿。
tr	I	She took a deep breath , and the door cracked open gradually .
tr	O	严酷的寒冷迫使我回到室内，但是没有留下他存在的任何证据来证实我的理智。
tr	I	He blocked it with his foot , but I started to close the door .
tr	O	让我们回去，并且你可以帮助我！
tr	O	维姬抓起她的外套，并且他们离开了房子。
tr	O	他抬起手，并且他的手指轻轻擦过她的下巴。
tr	O	她想知道他逗留在那里的细节，但是他没有兴趣提供。
tr	I	I loved the way he wanted to touch me all the time and Ethan was so affectionate .
tr	I	I could see Lucifer from where I was crouching , and there was the sound of footsteps muffled by carpet .
tr	O	乔安娜又按了一下钥匙，并且车门开了，轻松得令人难以忍受。
tr	I	I still managed to pick up clues , but I was always blindfolded when we moved .
tr	I	He smiled back , and looking into his eyes , she smiled wistfully at him .
tr	I	There goes our antidote , and if anything feels off , he 'll run .
tr	O	我跳起来，并且咖啡溅到了我的衬衫上。
tr	O	好吧，他可以走在前面，但是她不会蜷缩在楼梯间里。
tr	O	他凑得更近了，并且她向后靠去，因为她无法动弹，栏杆正抵着她的脊椎。
tr	O	我试图漫不经心地掩饰过去，但是那并不是一次轻松的分手。
tr	O	我不能保证加勒特会表现得一样，但是他只会在被激怒时才采取行动。
tr	O	我知道我肯定在用看鬼一样的眼神看着他，但是他似乎没有注意到。
tr	O	Sam 穿过开口，并且我听到了他倒抽一口气的声音。
tr	O	很明显她心里有很多事，但是我不太确定自己是否想知道全部。
tr	I	He has to protect him , and he has a little boy in there .
tr	I	He inhaled sharply , and it sent fire through me .
tr	O	她追上了马丁，并且他们一起走进了厨房。
tr	O	很明显她担心车里的司机看到我们，但是我对此表示怀疑。
tr	O	吸血鬼对他们的猎物来说是令人上瘾的，但是她不只是想成为他的某种瘾。
tr	I	He was smiling at her and it was the face of a young man .
tr	I	Form mattered far more than the utensils used , but Fingers were the convention .
tr	I	I feel like I have cotton in my ears , but somewhere , someone is shouting .
tr	I	The prongs bent in all directions , and the fork busted .
tr	O	他最后一次猛力挺进，随着她的身体颤抖，并且背部弓起，她在高潮时用力收紧，紧贴着他的性器。
tr	O	海沫上的一缕阳光吸引了她的注意，并且她伸手下去，只为捞出阿伦的护身符。
tr	I	He didn 't look convinced , but he smiled at this .
tr	O	他长长的睫毛垂了下来，并且他放松地陷进了柔软的泥土里。
tr	O	我的胸部有几秒钟感到空虚，但是我自己很快又开始打瞌睡了。
tr	O	她看起来没有特别沮丧，但是她确实看起来有点担心。
tr	I	On my recommendation you would be hidden well , and it is a tightly closed community , with adequate policing .
tr	O	我的笑容绽开了，并且我让我的骄傲短暂地吞噬了我。
tr	I	Aunt Evie nearly drowned , too , and Jason wasn 't breathing , Mom .
tr	I	There were no injuries , and the shots were fired over the heads of the individuals .
tr	I	Tugged tightly , his teeth clenched as a hoarse cry escaped his lips and his tone turned desperate as he reached for his hair .
tr	I	I am very glad that you returned here with us and you are family .
tr	I	Her mind became blank , erased by the warmth of his lips , but she wanted to push him away .
tr	O	门滑上关紧了，并且灯变红了。
tr	I	The pay was excellent , but not exciting work .
tr	I	That was it , but she 'd seen CPR done on TV .
tr	O	我应该回到阴影中，但是我B喜欢她今晚去参加派对的想法。
tr	O	他们穿着玛丽安认为是“老式”的衣服，但是她不确切知道有多老了。
tr	I	They were obviously feeling very belligerent , and the word ' bug ' had brought all the local farmers to his side almost immediately .
tr	I	I couldn 't lose another person I loved and I had no way of knowing if this was all going to turn out okay .
tr	I	That wouldn 't last , but he was holding back tears .
tr	O	如果赛博没有电击她的心脏使其跳动，她很可能已经死了，或者她的心脏受到不可修复的损伤。
tr	O	他们手中拿着家里最重的东西，并且他们将他团团围住。
tr	O	我认识托马斯很久了，并且我从未见过他今天这样的行为。
tr	O	在我对面，斯特林主任的下巴微微收紧，但是他脸上的其他部分依然面无表情。
tr	O	我不知道那是什么，但是我迫不及待地想见到她。
tr	O	艾丽莎困惑地歪了歪头，并且她发誓那个生物也对她做了同样的事。
tr	O	食物袋不见了，并且这让他毛骨悚然。
tr	O	我忍不住想你已经变了，并且你这个新世界会把我排除在外。
tr	I	He repeated his question and Laci 's eyes widened .
tr	I	His hands started waving around like they were on fire , and then his eyes bugged .
tr	I	It didn 't throb nearly so badly anymore , and his nose had already started to heal .
tr	I	The scroll unrolled all the way to the floor , and he handed it to Rusty who untied it .
tr	O	我背叛了她，而且现在这对可悲的二人组密谋背叛我。
tr	I	Now she wasn 't , and less than twenty-four hours ago she 'd been a virgin .
tr	O	她快步走下走廊，但是他的大步子使他能轻松跟上她。
tr	I	Her words dripped disgust , but her lips curved in a faint smile .
tr	I	Others had to be developed , but the inter-species people were still part of the humans ' sport organizations .
tr	O	光芒围绕着她，当格温和其他人的身影被一道白光吞噬时。
tr	I	I frown as I catch sight of the wound , remembering that he also was stabbed and I notice that his shirt is saturated with blood .
tr	I	Anna was unable to maintain her grip but the captains held onto the jutting rock .
tr	I	He made me come in and we stopped at his place .
tr	I	I need to practice that so I can control it , but the fire starting thing really scares me .
tr	O	别游泳了，并且我回家时我们会把你的车处理好。
tr	O	她的肺部堵塞了空气，并且她的心跳声太响了。
tr	I	You can have this forever and just let go of your old life .
tr	I	He checked on Julia 's flight , pleased to see it was landing on time , and Flynn left .
tr	I	I jump when someone walks by us , and this place is nothing like where I 'm from .
tr	O	为了保持某种体型，你将不得不依靠这种绿色松脆的植物为生，并且那是你的选择。
tr	I	I wasn 't convinced I should let down my guard , but Margaret was apparently trying to be helpful .
tr	O	它们可能是令人困惑的生物，但是没有它们，生活是不完整的。
tr	I	Before he knew what had happened , he was facedown on the floor , on his belly , and I don 't take well to violence .
tr	I	I have to cling to it , and it 's the first spark of hope I 've had since waking up .
tr	O	他会，或者我会。
tr	I	He resolves to keep moving , but his mind is scrambling for what to say .
tr	I	I head after Dervish , and Dervish pushes after Shark .
tr	O	夜莺猛地转身面对他们，但是他们已经消失了。
tr	O	当他看着时，他看到了后车窗降下以及一个枪口，他多年的训练发挥了作用。
tr	O	女孩们紧张地笑着，但是她们没有从窗边移开视线。
tr	O	她能感觉到艾萨克的目光在她身上，但是她没有试图解读他的表情。
tr	O	我艰难地咽了咽口水，看着他侧身还在愈合的伤疤，并且我沿着它的轮廓描绘着。
tr	O	弗朗西斯的脸柔和了下来，并且她微笑着回应了迈克尔的善意之言。
tr	I	I wish I could remember more about her and I 'm sort of digging that chick now .
tr	I	She 'd obviously come up with a scheme to solve it , and Geraldine 's death had created a problem for her .
tr	I	My eyes narrowed and my brows rose .
tr	I	He smelled like the wood he 'd used to start a fire , and damp tendrils of hair fell against his forehead .
tr	I	I 'm sure he was saying something about millions , and he was going on about this stash .
tr	O	我觉得他是，但是我不能确定。
tr	I	No one would understand his situation again and he knew he had wake up tomorrow .
tr	O	那是一段漫长而有趣的人生，并且我最近发现自己常常想起他。
tr	O	瑞安昂首走出父亲的房子，并且他的步伐比多年来都轻快。
tr	I	I didn 't want to see it again if I had the choice and I 'd seen him blowup before .
tr	I	The remainder of a six-pack was chilling in a bucket of ice between them , and they each held a can of beer .
tr	I	She was certain it had nothing to do with the humidity , and beads of sweat trickled down the valley between her breasts .
tr	I	The Council is plotting another witch hunt , and the Hunters are back in the town .
tr	O	这些故事连我都听得发怵，而且我也见过一些可怕的事情。
tr	O	他还穿上了干净的新袜子，并且他穿上了他那昂贵的耐克鞋。
tr	O	一声大喊吸引了她的注意，并且她转头看向窗外。
tr	O	她很聪明，并且她很坚韧。
tr	I	She wanted to bury her nose in his neck and it was delicious .
tr	I	She was doing it but she wasn 't happy about it .
tr	O	奇怪的道德观，但是它们存在。
tr	O	他们在骨架航天飞机下方，并且弥马斯站在后机身支撑结构旁边。
tr	I	It was sexy , but God help me .
tr	O	罗里对我的谎言皱眉，但是她没有反驳我。
tr	O	埃里克的笑容消失了，并且他看起来很严峻。
tr	I	My embroidery left a lot to be desired , but my cooking was acceptable .
tr	I	It 's no mistake we 're standing together right now and it was no mistake you found me when you did .
tr	O	我理智的那一部分知道可能只过了一分钟，但是当水这么冷的时候，几分钟可能就是我拥有的全部了。
tr	I	I shivered when his fingers brushed my neck , and he touched one with his finger .
tr	I	She was starting to get hungry , and it was past lunchtime .
tr	I	Over time , it had just exhausted the poor kid , but for years , he 'd tried to please his dad .
tr	I	There was a glint in his eye when he looked at her - but Dean seemed like a nice guy .
tr	O	他的身体动了一下，并且她能感觉到他温暖的嘴唇贴在她耳朵上方。
tr	O	他们知道你会看到吊坠的幻象，并且我希望那个信息能分散他们的注意力。
tr	O	泪水无声地滑下她的脸颊，并且她的脸因向上咧开的宽大笑容而疼痛。
tr	O	他盯着我，并且我迅速地低下头。
tr	O	这必须完成，并且我是一个喜欢迅速完成它的人。
tr	O	我也听到有人喊我的名字，但是我把手放下了，避开了镜头。
tr	I	I was a Luna , and Nisha preferred purple now .
tr	O	所以，我跳到列表上几首节奏感更好的歌，并且我看着人们在我面前移动。
tr	I	I manage to get back on my own two feet but I 'm not very graceful .
tr	I	Shifting in the breeze , but there were another four left tethered behind the defenders , unlit .
tr	I	My vision suddenly goes dark and Pain shoots up my wrist as my palm strikes the concrete .
tr	O	我看得出她想那样做，但是她做不到。
tr	O	杰克需要让她放心，她想什么时候掌握控制权都可以，但是也许把她绑在床上并不是最好的证明。
tr	O	她的双颊泛着红晕，并且她的黑眼睛闪闪发光。
tr	O	父亲仍然杳无音信，但是我猜他会在哪里。
tr	I	Now she could move on , but it hadn 't been easy .
tr	O	奥古斯都计划了他的第一次演讲，并且只有10个罗马人出席了。
tr	I	Before any words were spoken , he 'd already begun to turn , and a prickling of unease .
tr	I	Our eyes locked and I looked up .
tr	O	我不会危及他们，但是我仍然会找到办法。
tr	O	然后是第三个阵营，并且我猜我身在其中。
tr	O	露营车会是一个很好的藏身之处，但是帕登去世时约克一家正把它开回家。
tr	I	He eyed the bag I was just going through , stuffing things back in it and I rose .
tr	O	他比自己更顽强，并且这足以说明问题。
tr	I	He 'd been pretty good yesterday , running all over the ship , but sure , he was getting on in years .
tr	I	She had to accept that , and what she had thought might have been just wasn 't meant to be .
tr	I	She was losing blood at a rapid pace and her head had a large gash from the fall .
tr	O	我会杀了你，但是印记阻止了我。
tr	I	I saw no one , but I expected to see men from the Bravado near the door .
tr	I	Still blushing , but she said angrily .
tr	O	它没有眼睛，但是它知道她在那里。
tr	O	那些东西烧毁了螳螂的家和我爸爸的家。
tr	O	她的肩膀颤抖，并且她让她的头靠在我的胸口。
tr	I	Their partners claimed Fletcher 's attention , and her friends were full of chatter .
tr	O	关于纳乔的供词，有些地方仍然感觉不对劲，但是格雷琴相信她的问题最终会得到解答。
tr	O	巴克斯特没有立即回应，而且我几乎怀疑他是否不会采取行动，除非她明确要求食物。
tr	I	He quit talking about discrimination suits , and this made Mr. Grimes very happy .
tr	I	We flipped our books open to where we left off last class and Class started .
tr	I	There was no going back , and I had fallen hard .
tr	I	I shifted on the bench , and his gaze made my skin feel too small for my body .
tr	O	她也躲开了，而且乔乔试图逃跑。
tr	I	She nodded , but Katherine 's lips tightened .
tr	I	There must be other things in the house , but all he 'd seen so far was food .
tr	I	I 'm not going to let this moment slip away between my fingers , but maybe he 's joking after all .
tr	I	She tensed as he bathed her face , but he thought she might have fallen asleep .
tr	O	椅子被搬动了，而且看台上的人涌向了底层。
tr	I	He was only in his twenties , and even Meredith 's cute , smart Alaric seemed kind of old to her .
tr	I	There was human and there was Deviant .
tr	O	他的下巴掉了下来，并且他的眼睛鼓了出来。
tr	O	吸血鬼捂着胸口，心脏抽搐着，但是他没有试图反抗那个命令，那个声音是如此强大。
tr	O	她的脸色潮红，并且她的眼睛闪闪发光。
tr	I	He shot off from the bed and his face screwed up in anger .
tr	O	我想稳住自己，但是黑暗将我吞噬。
tr	O	当骑士们进城时，他们正在举行一场盛大的集市，但是凯迪的目光却只落在那个骑在最前面的人身上。
tr	I	Of course I couldn 't tell him Angel was expecting until she told her own husband , but I wanted to talk the situation over with Martin .
tr	I	I knew it would be about Yvette but I didn 't know who was calling .
tr	O	当那发生时，这将是她的店，并且沃德对这个前景感到兴奋。
tr	O	那简直太热，太强烈了，不适合那样做，并且我的全身突然感到欲望之火在燃烧。
tr	O	我知道如果我们搞砸了，媒体就会准备好扑上来，但是这里有些事情不对劲。
tr	O	索菲亚去救那个孩子，但是门在她眼前关上了。
tr	O	我问了，并且她点了点头。
tr	O	他朝她伸出手，当她转身面对他时，仿佛慢动作一般，但是已经太迟了。
tr	O	我已经五天没见过她了，并且在那之前，我一直像往常一样粗鲁。
tr	O	雷耶斯慢慢坐了起来，并且他们的目光激烈地碰撞在一起，他的眼睛如皮肤般黝黑。
tr	O	那个女人梳着同样向后拢起的头发，并且她似乎戴着同样款式的眼镜。
tr	I	His hands still felt clammy but it quelled the discomfort in his stomach .
tr	I	Her flaky lips curl to a revengeful smirk and her flowing white hair blends with her dress .
tr	I	The next supply run isn 't for a few weeks , and it 's a couple of days ' ride from here .
tr	I	All noise stopped , and I opened the door .
tr	O	示意图按照他的指令旋转，并且城市全息图的东北角扩大了。
tr	O	很快这个短语就流行起来了，并且一阵口号声像海啸一样在公园里回荡开来。
tr	O	汗水滴入我紧闭的双眼，但是 我继续前进，因为 这是我唯一能给予她的。
tr	O	克莱丽在昏暗中无法完全看清，但是 看起来亚历克挤得相当用力。
tr	I	Obviously , that wasn 't what she meant , but oh , I did a lot of things with one vampire in particular .
tr	I	He jerked the door closed , ordering Tony to move and he didn 't stop until he was in his limousine !
tr	I	I couldn 't get past how ever-present he was around me , but I would have encouraged it if I felt the same way .
tr	I	It lasted only an instant , but Light erupted from the orb .
tr	I	I looked up in spite of myself at the sound of my name , and Jacob 's deep voice caught a lull in the music .
tr	I	You wouldn 't answer , but we tried calling yah .
tr	O	然后他的眼睛重新聚焦，并且 他意识到那个女孩正在盯着他。
tr	O	曼努埃尔看着他的眼睛，并且 艾吉奥有一种令人不安的印象，觉得那人已经认命了。
tr	O	船里有很多水，并且 他需要东西来舀水。
tr	O	肚子上的一拳会更温柔，但是 那么，温柔从来就不是乔的风格。
tr	I	My toes actually curl , and his voice is buttery sweet , warm with concern .
tr	O	他松开了她，并且 她绝望地吸了一口气。
tr	O	我了解我的客户，并且 这类事情对他们而言非常重要。
tr	I	So far we sounded like we 'd been playing together forever , but the first song was a bit early to hand down a verdict .
tr	O	现在他什么都知道了，并且他仍然不愿意再给我们一次机会。
tr	O	它们比我们的更具部落特色，并且它们看起来就像他的纹身一样。
tr	I	I don 't know how to deal with it and I 'm not used to being happy .
tr	O	我想象他可能会在下坠时尖叫，并且那对我来说再好不过了。
tr	O	我一辈子都在你身边，并且你对我来说一直都是一个味道。
tr	O	许多处于她这种境况的人都会很难保持愉快，然而她似乎在其中发现了一点幽默。
tr	O	嗯，我不能替你说话，但是我准备好谈论其他事情了。
tr	I	I meet him halfway , but I 'm afraid to smile .
tr	I	She was grateful to hear the sexy sound and Colin laughed .
tr	I	Deputy Blake came over , and I called the police .
tr	I	They have to pay anyway but they don 't have money .
tr	O	这是她见过的第一个狼人，并且她意识到自己错过了很多。
tr	I	Actually , there are many of us here in secret , and I 'm called a glass person .
tr	O	巴克的肩膀弓了起来，并且他的脸变了。
tr	O	人们会花钱进来，并且我会签名。
tr	I	The uncontrollable sobs rattled her bones , and her shoulders shook .
tr	I	There stood Torin , leaning against the bed as always , and I pulled the canvas down from the mirror .
tr	O	我试图站起来，但是我没有力气。
tr	O	飞行员昏了过去，但是它现在正在自由落体坠回地球。
tr	O	几个小时在酒馆里过去了，并且已经是深夜了。
tr	I	I didn 't press the issue , but she was still reluctant to talk about her family much .
tr	I	None of those murdered had been killed by Lucian , but he read the papers for news of strange murders .
tr	O	伊兹捂住嘴巴，但是笑声还是从她的指缝间漏了出来。
tr	I	It filled Akiva with self-loathing , and it was a poisonous thought .
tr	I	She quickly dismissed her gaze , but Leah gave Aidan a quizzical glance .
tr	O	他皱眉，从我的手腕看向我的脸，准备说话，但是他又犹豫了。
tr	I	His fingers were cold , like touching an ice cube , and their fingers brushed for a second .
tr	O	我试图通过咬嘴唇来压抑它，但是这没有用。
tr	O	起初什么都没有，但是随后她听到了他熟悉的心跳的轻柔节奏。
tr	O	我感觉每个字都像利刃刺入我，并且尽管我竭力忍住，一滴泪水还是夺眶而出。
tr	O	这次它持续了很久，浓浓地弥漫在空气中，并且他不知道为什么现在它如此困扰他。
tr	O	那是一种她已经习惯了的气味，并且她用全身心来欢迎它。
tr	I	She 'll start sprinkling holy water all over the place , or you don 't want to flash Maria .
tr	I	It left a trail of fire on my skin and his arm brushed against mine .
tr	O	他的头稍微转动了一下，并且他的眼睛睁开了。
tr	I	He was slow to follow her wishes , but Julie wanted them back in in her stare .
tr	I	She hadn 't stopped since , and he 'd made her burn that night .
tr	I	He always said the wrong thing and conversations like this made him uncomfortable .
tr	O	她不知道调查进展如何，但是也不能指望她无限期地待在镇上。
tr	O	我把手重新捂住脸，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	O	这些人是在这些山里打猎长大的，并且他们中会有一些非常优秀的射手。
tr	O	其次，洛根一向是那种乐天派，但是今天下午他看起来一点也不乐天。
tr	O	不仅仅是他看起来的样子了，但是现在是乔希能感觉到从他身上散发出来的东西。
tr	O	玛雅将手臂迅速放下，并且一道发光的红色光环在她指尖周围形成。
tr	I	He was going to do something , but he wasn 't sure what he was planning to do .
tr	O	几分钟过去了，并且一个侍女带着一个罐子回来了。
tr	O	他们轻轻推开门，朝房间里窥视，期望在床上看到米歇尔，但是房间是空的。
tr	O	我渴望了解他，并且那就是我留下来的原因。
tr	O	那是六月中旬，并且天气非常棒。
tr	O	萨麦尔的眼睛暗了下来，并且他下巴的肌肉抽搐了一下。
tr	I	Then he handed me a small box , and he leaned down to kiss my cheek .
tr	O	他稍后会审视发生了什么，但是此刻他更关心如何好好地和她告别。
tr	O	她毕竟来自一个完全不同的世界，并且他绝不，绝不希望她尝到他那边的任何滋味。
tr	I	Others were chatting , and some were snacking on food .
tr	O	真是的，学校里每个女孩都对他满是爱慕，但是他眼里只有薇洛。
tr	O	我开口了，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	O	一个服务员路过，并且弗格斯拿起了两杯香槟。
tr	O	我们曾经是，但是我们分离的细节我已经想不起来了。
tr	I	I spin around , slashing with my blade and I sense someone coming at me from behind .
tr	O	今天早上，我摔了个底朝天，并且发现自己淹没在湖水里。
tr	O	我或许只剩下两个了，但是我还远没有陷入那种程度的困境。
tr	I	Jael shows off a surprisingly deep singing voice , and Dina coaxes some music out of the ancient comm system .
tr	O	乔纳森再次隐去了身形，并且他们陷入了激烈的战斗。
tr	O	太阳升起，我睁开眼睛，并且杰克不见了。
tr	O	她审视着这片广阔的地方，仿佛她正在欣赏一场华丽的日落，而且我喜欢看她的反应，因为我也有同样的感觉。
tr	O	它从未发生过，并且随着时间的推移，这对我母亲来说变得像一场游戏。
tr	I	The person who only mattered in the world was herself and I could feel her hatred for other people .
tr	O	我相信它的真实性，并且我相信它是正确的。
tr	O	它可能最初只是性关系，但是它迅速变成了别的东西。
tr	I	Began , once again , to vigorously press the buttons and unable to stay seated any longer , she jumped to her feet .
tr	O	给他们看乳房，并且他们就变成了流着口水的傻瓜。
tr	I	Albert sniffed at the smoke , and she did as he asked .
tr	O	一些成年人比我们更靠近出口，并且与其绕过他们跑，我们不如直接冲过去。
tr	I	She knew that she wouldn 't make the same mistake twice , but Lea found it funny how it turned out .
tr	O	它相当厚——超过八百页，并且我目前看到审判的总结部分。
tr	O	我的乳房紧贴着他的胸膛，并且他在我唇边发出呻吟，同时他的右手移到了我的后脑勺。
tr	I	Her heart was pounding rapidly and he could hear that she was trying to keep her breathing steady .
tr	I	Not everyone uses it , but we have a guest registry .
tr	O	我嘴里说着“是”，但是却没有声音从我的唇间逸出。
tr	I	Iona shoveled another ten canapes onto her plate and even Clay stared when the tray went by .
tr	O	当我们亲吻时，光芒掠过我的身体，但是很快，这些吻就不够了。
tr	I	We were still at the start of our new lives together but we had to get through the tough part first .
tr	I	Regina blocked the way but she tried to get through the door .
tr	O	他以前从未去过那里，但是他一直对此着迷。
tr	I	It was a comfortable one , but we sat there in silence .
tr	I	The tasks he had to accomplish were far more desperate , and his dreams were no more kind now .
tr	I	As I looked back , I saw the car crash into the wall behind the spot where we had been standing and we ran .
tr	I	I 'll pay the maintenance charge , as the flat will still be mine , and the bills will be about the same .
tr	I	They can change , but people make mistakes .
tr	I	Three hours flies right by but I didn 't realize it .
tr	O	球从内场戴夫身边飞过，并且瑞奇，在后面六十英尺处，设法将球击落，使得史蒂夫只打出了一个一垒安打。
tr	I	There would be no information volunteered by Raven , and there were no questions asked by the elders .
tr	I	His pupils were dilated and his eyes were wild .
tr	I	It was taking its toll on all of us , and we 'd been on the road for a week .
tr	O	我的假期天数快用完了，并且我认为我们能够配合我的时间表。
tr	I	That wasn 't my fault , but not that many people outside of the metaphysical community did .
tr	O	她的心跳加速，并且在那一刻她希望他能吻她。
tr	I	She 's staring directly at the camera and her head is tilted slightly .
tr	I	They would walk to theirs and he would drive to his destination .
tr	I	He slanted a look over the seat that could 've cut glass , and his jaw tightened as he read .
tr	I	He chuckled and I replied .
tr	I	There was an emptiness in them I couldn 't reach and he swung his gaze to mine .
tr	I	It 's shredding me inside that she won 't let me do anything about it , and she 's afraid .
tr	I	Panic became a living beast in his chest , clawing at his heart , and Thomas didn 't see Inez in either direction .
tr	O	有时她觉得那种恐惧是冲着她来的，但是那不可能。
tr	O	人们会谈论，但是消息不能来自你身边。
tr	O	他把它给我妈妈看，并且她明显地畏缩了。
tr	I	He was flat on the ground and I turned my back for one minute .
tr	O	我瞥了一眼房间，但是科尔已经和我分开了。
tr	O	一个外部音频信号有静电，并且他记下来让电工更换它们。
tr	I	I was still bummed but Katie 's words made me feel a little bit better .
tr	O	她的皮肤灼痛，并且一阵电击贯穿她的全身，使她猛地向后一颤。
tr	O	她的手机响了，并且她接起了电话。
tr	I	Nothing happened , but he tried .
tr	I	I was restless and it was late .
tr	I	At first I didn 't seem to be learning very much , and you have no idea how hard being a servant can be .
tr	O	那个男人的举止也有些奇怪，但是丹尼斯从来都说不出个所以然。
tr	I	The ache in my abdomen grew stronger and Walker looked up at me .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and his hand stayed behind .
tr	O	我不得不答应，但是这让我非常愤怒。
tr	O	电话响了，并且简妮接听了。
tr	O	一辆我认识的车开进了我们车道，并且我紧张起来。
tr	O	她尝到了与人亲近的滋味，并且她上瘾了。
tr	O	他原本就打算去那里，但是现在他的需求更迫切了。
tr	I	He was the one who was sorry , but those words cut Jed like a knife .
tr	I	I could see a man trapped by his position , but no remorse reflected back at me .
tr	I	The watch on deck scarcely stir , and it is midnight ; the breeze blows fairly .
tr	O	警卫打开了门，并且当我看到里面的舞厅时我屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	我们忍不住一直嘲笑他。
tr	O	我的心怦怦直跳，并且我脖子后面的汗毛都竖起来了。
tr	O	这以前发生过，并且我头脑中那种棉絮般的感觉至少有点像我更严重的宿醉。
tr	O	Paris转身遮住手铐，并且丰田亚洲龙径直开了过去。
tr	O	特雷弗正走向大学明星之路，并且他们把他干掉了。
tr	O	我很满足，并且爱，大概，就是这种感觉。
tr	I	Suds appeared and grinning , he rubbed his hands together .
tr	O	海雯听到脚步声靠近时低下身子，以为会看到那个穿白大褂的男人，但是不是他。
tr	O	那是一个无私的行为，并且一个出乎意料地牵动了她心弦的行为。
tr	I	It was not a lie , and Hart told her he loved her .
tr	O	他们中的一些人试图用浆果酿酒，但是进展不顺利。
tr	O	那个混蛋不只是把手放在米娅身上，但是他的嘴也凑了上去。
tr	I	Peter hadn 't heard of them , but he mentioned a couple of names .
tr	O	他递给我一张信用卡，并且我把它在机器上刷了一下。
tr	I	Maria , her throat exposed , suddenly spinning away with blood shooting from her neck , and he saw Swami 's dagger flash .
tr	O	当然，有些照片可以从其他来源重新获取，但是并非所有东西都可以替换。
tr	I	His thumb flicked against her nipple and he asked .
tr	O	我把头靠在她的肩膀上，周围的孩子们盯着看，并且我的身体因为抽泣而颤抖。
tr	I	We all said a lot of silly stuff when we were kids , and it was just a silly little thing a silly little kid said .
tr	I	He had ended things almost as soon as it had begun and he wasn 't proud of that one .
tr	O	我努力训练，并且我玩得更努力。
tr	I	Ethan was getting out of the passenger door , and a cop car had pulled into the driveway .
tr	I	They could barely move , but they tried to override it .
tr	I	She 'd been unable to get warm , but she had piled five blankets over herself .
tr	O	公众趋之若鹜，并且客户蜂拥而出。
tr	O	这是一次险峻的下降，但是我们成功抵达了掩体。
tr	O	他的身体仍然疼痛，但是头痛已经消失了。
tr	I	I can 't see much else , but Far doors are still slightly ajar .
tr	I	That 's the only reason he 's still here and Rumor has it he 's somehow related to the Chairman .
tr	O	熬夜喝酒总是让他头痛，但是他不打算戒酒。
tr	O	他爱我仿佛再也没有机会，并且我的身体也给予了回应。
tr	O	她看起来很伤心，并且他知道为什么。
tr	O	如果他那样吩咐，那会很合适，但是实际上他根本不知道那是怎么做到的。
tr	I	Good progress had been made there , but the journey from Biloxi was arduous .
tr	I	It was impossible for her to imagine him as anything else , but he could have been the happy ending Sebastian wanted for her .
tr	I	They weren 't happy with the unprovoked grope and whatever it was , it had an owner .
tr	O	我不认为我妈妈有一份秘密工作，并且我无法理解她的粉色复古连衣裙是如何改善任何事情的。
tr	I	She wrapped it in her own , and I held it out .
tr	I	He had managed to keep it open , but he had slid a good few feet on his stomach to reach it .
tr	I	Within moments , Jared pul ed me to my feet , but horrified , I watched Claire tend to Ryan 's wounds .
tr	I	I felt a little nervous as we approached the first fence and the butterflies from yesterday had returned .
tr	O	她倒在他身边，并且房间陷入一片黑暗。
tr	O	布鲁克会很伤心，但是如果我至少不试着去找她，她会更生气。
tr	I	She had a cover-up on , but she was also wearing a swimsuit .
tr	O	我努力不盯着她看，但是我大多数时候都忍不住。
tr	O	她的皮肤在发光，并且她的头发很完美。
tr	I	He placed a finger over her lips , but she tried to kiss him again .
tr	O	仍有人坚持到底，但是大多数居民，特别是年轻人，都喜欢这种外观。
tr	O	帕奇朝他走去，并且佩珀吓得后退，他的手臂飞快地举起遮住脸。
tr	I	We didn 't sit down , but there were some concrete benches along the sides of the platform .
tr	I	The tingling his touch created on my back was unexpected , but I felt the blush on my cheeks right away .
tr	I	Probably the best way was to work Durrant equally as hard , and he was determined not to be taken for a fool .
tr	I	I still exhaled in relief , but I 'd already guessed that .
tr	O	夜晚才刚刚开始，并且她离开了庆祝活动。
tr	O	这对狼人来说太宽了，但是他为了体面还是递了过去。
tr	O	他曾下决心为了上帝而辞职，然而情况却又把它还给了他。
tr	I	She struggled to stifle her rising emotions , and her heart plummeted .
tr	I	Everything was handy , and they were quite comfortable .
tr	O	亨廷朝他弟弟走去，但是亚伯拉罕阻止了他，戏剧性地拍着手。
tr	O	她开始流泪，并且我擦去了第一滴落在她漂亮脸颊上的泪水。
tr	O	我几乎没有看到任何令人信服的怀疑论学术著作，并且那些被评论家撕碎的福音书，在各种理论家重建后，失去了所有的力量。
tr	O	他会来，或者他不会来。
tr	I	I looked down the other , and he looked up one direction .
tr	I	Another hotel employee went in , and one of the men I recognized as a hotel employee came out .
tr	O	伯顿不是一个大明星，但是他即将成为一个。
tr	O	尼尔不想把目光从莉可身上移开，但是看过去是本能的。
tr	I	He didn 't move in time , but he reached out to catch it .
tr	I	You are something of a mystery to me , but I am usually very good at reading people .
tr	I	The closer she got the more her legs shook , but she was so close .
tr	O	他必须保护你们所有人，并且我必须发送信息！
tr	I	He stood in her way , but the dim parking lot lights pointed to the empty lot beyond .
tr	I	Mrs. Parker had passed away four years prior to the move and none of their household staff from Philadelphia had relocated to Chicago .
tr	O	我已经在网上查过了，并且没有任何人预订。
tr	O	这是尼尔第一次和他们单独在一起，并且事情比他预期的要好。
tr	O	甚至维多利亚也举起了手，但是她的哥哥摇了摇头。
tr	I	The dam broke and I turned away .
tr	I	The men remembered there was some shooting to do and presently the hoopla died down .
tr	O	梅根还在拉我的手臂，并且她的脸上写满了恐惧。
tr	I	The look on his face told me he hadn 't gotten far , but he gave me a nod as I walked in .
tr	I	Then she straightened them again , but his sister 's shoulders slumped .
tr	O	阿尔法们群体可以把她带走，但是她知道她不会让它发生。
tr	O	我的腿发抖，并且我抓得更紧，紧握着他的手。
tr	I	You 're out the exit portal , and step into the portal , take another step .
tr	I	I do , but I shouldn 't think it 's funny .
tr	I	I didn 't bring anything , but I hate to break it to you .
tr	I	His eyes shut tight and it found him in his corner still , with his hands over his ears .
tr	O	伊芙发出了一点声音，并且他看了她一眼。
tr	I	I 'd seen things no human being should ever see and I was forty years old .
tr	I	My breathing just plain stopped , and her breathing picked up , steaming up my neck .
tr	I	He had stopped all the icy spikes , but Zell turned to scan for any injuries .
tr	O	她张开嘴巴想回答，但是什么也没说出来。
tr	O	视其为困住我们的最后机会，他们拖延了我们，并且现在我们可能离被屠杀只差几秒了。
tr	O	他们站在小路的尽头，那里男生的宿舍在左边，并且凯莉的在右边。
tr	I	He 's adding up the totals with his calculator and Will is taking the stacks as they are finished .
tr	I	Their eyes met once more , and Delphine glanced over her shoulder .
tr	I	Their luck may not hold out , but they had been lucky so far .
tr	O	他确实低头表示同意，并且那是一个相当引人注目的举动。
tr	I	A second later , began to chuckle himself and he looked at her .
tr	I	It simply wasn 't possible , and he 'd gone over that a thousand times .
tr	O	我不知道，但是我为此感到高兴。
tr	I	Blood spurted out of the knight 's face and he punched .
tr	O	我现在才意识到他指的是我体内潜伏的东西，并且它可能在事故发生前就已经在那里了。
tr	O	期末考试的最后一晚有个盛大的派对，并且每个人心情都很好，因为我们有几周的自由时间了。
tr	O	他是她的性感叛逆者，并且她很高兴他在这里。
tr	O	尼古拉斯的脑海深处隐隐作痒，仿佛他忘了什么，但是他太满足了，没有多想。
tr	I	It was the truth , but people probably thought it shallow .
tr	O	有一天他会战斗到最后一刻，但是他拒绝放弃。
tr	I	Something was still off ... but he should be relieved .
tr	I	Dave had a feeling things would get worse before they got better . and a crisis was brewing .
tr	O	他抬起头，并且他眼中的神情让她屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	我在大学学习心理学，并且他正在休假，思考自己想做什么。
tr	I	I did not run but I have been beaten .
tr	I	She held her breath , wondering what he was going to say and his head tilted slightly .
tr	O	那样做会是错的，然而我知道她永远不会离开我。
tr	I	I recognized him now , but he was as much a skeleton as he was a man .
tr	I	I kept replaying the kiss over in my mind and I could still feel Nicole 's lips on mine .
tr	O	这将需要很长时间，并且我的时间很紧迫。
tr	O	第二天早上带来了更多惊喜，而且它们没有一个是好的。
tr	O	她只是精神上孤独，但是这就足够了。
tr	O	奥隆的军刀划过她的刀刃，并且当他向下压时，她向上推。
tr	I	She is in for a big surprise , but Kit never wants to see the man again .
tr	I	Final measurements were necessary to complete the process , but we had a good estimate of your size .
tr	O	谢尔比从我手中滑落，像死尸般沉重，而且我向后倒进身后的橱柜里。
tr	O	我不知道亨特是谁，而且现在我不能去上课了。
tr	I	It was impossible , but he tried to conceal a smile .
tr	I	I stared at James , disgusted , and a wave of horror washed over me .
tr	O	她的脸上没有表现出恐惧，但是它表现出了厌恶。
tr	I	That was not a surprise , but she didn 't hear him move .
tr	I	There were several scratch golfers in his flight , but Dave 's handicap was down to a six .
tr	I	The damage was done , but I slapped her away .
tr	I	He deposited her in the driver 's seat and she pulled the heavy door open .
tr	I	He goes to look away and his face begins to drop when I don 't respond .
tr	I	She is six and he is nine .
tr	O	她试图组织语言，但是一个完整的词语都没有说出来。
tr	O	广笑了一声，并且所有人都看着他。
tr	I	We enjoyed the warmth of each other for most of the morning and he put his arm around me .
tr	I	That pissed me off , and his tone was casual .
tr	O	她张开嘴巴，想要下令进行突袭，但是在那一刻，门的开启让她停顿了。
tr	O	两个男孩互相投去致命的目光，并且索恩立刻将注意力转回我身上。
tr	I	As it grew , he realized that it was not a storm at all , but the terrible storm soon comprised the entire sky .
tr	I	It appears , and you kind of need something .
tr	O	莎拉张开嘴巴想要回应，但是克里斯托弗用一个吻让她安静下来。
tr	O	她因他的缠绵而筋疲力尽，而且他已经记不清让她叫他名字的次数了。
tr	O	我们顺利驶入地下停车场，并且一旦进入，我就可以松一口气了。
tr	O	她的人生已近尾声，但是她很满足，因为她的人生是充实的。
tr	I	She stops me with her hand but I move to walk past her .
tr	I	His breath forces its way into my nostrils , and he speaks .
tr	O	我们被困住了，而且只有一个方向可以走。
tr	O	秋天已近，但是离灰山这么远，天气还没冷。
tr	I	He looked so young , and his gaze grew wistful .
tr	I	Blow dried my long hair and I did my morning routine as best as I could .
tr	I	She accepted the gesture and he held out his hand .
tr	I	The scanner 's insistent beeping meant they were headed the right way but Going off-road made for a bumpy ride .
tr	O	他们都穿着这些尖头黑鞋，并且他们每个人都想要擦鞋。
tr	O	这无法避免，并且你不应该担心它。
tr	O	他回瞪着我，而且就在那一刻，我意识到我或许应该闭嘴。
tr	I	I was his and Owen was mine .
tr	O	鲍勃一动不动，并且他的脸色苍白。
tr	O	我希望我能告诉你不是这样，但是我不能。
tr	I	He seemed confident he could withstand the financial pressures of the lawsuit , and Patton French probably had more money than anyone there .
tr	O	死亡的颜色已从她的头发上褪去，然而那个苍白的声音又把缕缕黑发带回了红色中。
tr	I	Nothing else was coming to mind and she was afraid to get near the horses .
tr	I	They carried their food to the empty table , and Hayden paid for both of them .
tr	I	I nodded , and asked Colette .
tr	O	他有证据，或者他以为他有。
tr	O	除非他们退出合同，她不得不，否则她就会让她的家人反对她。
tr	I	They couldn 't have been luckier , but they hadn 't picked the judge .
tr	O	我甚至动弹不得，而且我开始大口喘气。
tr	O	我尽力保持盯着他的脸，但是我的目光似乎无法停止垂向他脖子以下。
tr	O	我提到那件事，并且他笑了，没有暴露自己。
tr	I	Mrs. Kilpatrick would have laid down her life for her and Julia had been there two months .
tr	O	那个背面是那种可以滑开的，但是它很紧。
tr	O	我们的头在水下，而且我们沉溺于权力之中。
tr	I	He returns his attention immediately to the distraught girl , but at that Baldwin can 't suppress a little laugh .
tr	I	She would die in delicious agony ... at Damon 's hand and he would punish Elena in ways she had never dreamed about .
tr	O	墙壁是木质镶板，而且地板也是木质的。
tr	O	那本应是一个警告，但是我发现自己盯着那些嘴唇，而不是关注他。
tr	O	距离那个时刻还有好几个小时，但是如果他需要，他会把那个游戏当作离开的借口。
tr	O	我不想睁开眼睛，但是 我无法再入睡，约书亚正在斥责埃里克，埃里克正在哭泣。
tr	O	也许他回了屋子，并且 迈克尔没有注意到。
tr	I	I nearly collapsed from the suddenness of it , and Relief sagged my shoulders .
tr	O	她确信墙壁会支撑住，但是 被困在自己家中，周围都是腐烂尸体的想法令她毛骨悚然。
tr	O	我的房间几乎和我以前记忆中的一样，但是 这条走廊——这完全不同了。
tr	I	I press my lips against his softly , and my fingers smooth over his closed eyes .
tr	O	我希望你离开，并且 不要打扰萨凡纳。
tr	I	I had no doubt in my mid who it was , but I couldn 't see who was at the other end of the tentacles .
tr	I	Rachel wondered if she 'd just made an idiot of herself , and when his gaze returned to her eyes , his expression was unreadable .
tr	O	黄的是他们的头发，并且 明亮的是他们的长矛。
tr	I	He wouldn 't hit anything beyond twenty feet , but the pistols were his best bet if he got surrounded .
tr	I	Nothing happens , but he taps a panel on the wall where it looks like something should shoot out .
tr	I	I halt beside him and Lennox stops .
tr	O	我的一小部分想阻止她，但是 我身体的其余部分渴望她的抚摸。
tr	I	The vehicle went through me in a rush , the vacuum holding me breathless for a moment before I fell and our souls disconnected .
tr	O	她并不反对，但是 时机不对。
tr	I	She smiled and he shook his head .
tr	O	克劳斯先生给我留下了特殊的卡片，并且在某些情况下，比如这一次，他希望我把它们发出去。
tr	I	Sometimes we camped and sometimes we 'd stay with them .
tr	I	Without further pomp , we were again on the move , and the wheels of the vehicle bounced forward .
tr	O	小樱试图坐起来，但是剧痛传遍了她的脚踝。
tr	I	She hadn 't called , but he 'd even cleared his schedule in anticipation of working at Lauren 's house .
tr	O	堡垒的庭院里摆满了雕像，但是它们不像小孩子的雕像。
tr	I	I don 't fear death and I don 't fear you .
tr	I	She may have been aware of what was going on , but he doubted she was in on it .
tr	I	Around her feet stirred a puddle of darkness , but her eyes , her hair , even her gown were bone white .
tr	O	本从另一边试了试，但是那张特大号床太宽了。
tr	O	如果是我的血统让我来到这里，那就这样吧，但是我的才能将让我留在这里。
tr	O	伊芙瞥了一眼门，完全预料到亚历克会进来，然而当他进来时，她仍然感到奇怪的惊讶。
tr	O	她向他挥了挥手，并且丹尼也虚弱地挥了挥手。
tr	O	他问，并且我颤抖着。
tr	I	She avoided looking at her , but her head involuntarily jerked toward Neela .
tr	O	第一只软皮鞋掉了，并且她开始弄下一只。
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to recall it .
tr	I	To Jace it felt like forever , but it was only a few moments that he knelt on the ground as his hammering pulse slowed .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I just wanted to hang up the phone , to throw it across the room .
tr	I	With the clear night she was able to get the full view , and this was the highest up in the mountain she 'd ever go .
tr	I	If it requested a reply , she was going to send it , and it was probably from another child , though .
tr	O	她的眼皮很沉重，并且睁开眼睛很费力。
tr	O	她不能总是预测结果，但是那不意味着她有时不能预测它们，当获得足够信息时。
tr	O	桑德斯以她的安全措施而闻名，但是她非常难以接近。
tr	O	他流畅地移动着，轻松地抱着她，并且她想更靠近他。
tr	I	Cordova felt her skin tingle in anticipation , and Lyon stepped forward , closing the distance between them .
tr	O	她又笑了，并且我从她身边后退了一步。
tr	O	那简直是疯狂，并且听起来令人难以置信的困惑。
tr	O	他和我一样有着巨大的缟玛瑙般的眼睛和高大的身躯，上面是一头几乎是黑色的波浪状头发。
tr	O	我应该吓坏了，但是 我没有。
tr	O	再刺了几下之后，莉亚开始扔出右直拳，但是 路易莎已经躲开了。
tr	I	She had not seen him since last evening , and Juanita said he had left early .
tr	I	We both rolled so we were on our sides , and I fell against him .
tr	I	She was otherwise uninjured , but her arm was bleeding .
tr	I	She just couldn 't say no and he needed to talk to someone .
tr	O	师父曾让他让他们的记忆永存，并且 他做得更好。
tr	I	Sam caught him by the wrist , and he turned to leave .
tr	O	布莱克不敢相信索菲会在这个地方给他打电话，然而 他却惊讶地听到了他老板的声音。
tr	O	霍利迪穿着一双凉鞋，并且 她的脚趾甲涂着柔和的粉色。
tr	I	It consumed him , and his first emotion since waking up .
tr	I	I guess I 'd been wrong , but I would have thought she 'd be uncomfortable doing it anyway .
tr	O	我是那个，而 布莱斯不是。
tr	O	他没有阻止我离开，于是 我猛地关上门。
tr	I	Virtually all of them are masterpieces of some sort , and the man has more paintings than the Louvre I think .
tr	O	我问道，当我和佐伊离开教室时。
tr	I	Claire zipped me into it and I stepped into the dress .
tr	I	I swat it back down with a smack and he reaches his hand out as if he was going to grab one of my curls .
tr	I	Yet I 'd gotten one bad sunburn as a teenager , and my mom had been almost OCD about not letting us burn when we were kids .
tr	I	His rear sagged to the ground , and his launch toward his owner was completed on his belly .
tr	O	他这次穿了一套简单的西式商务套装，但是他的脸面无表情，仿佛在传递一段录音信息。
tr	O	他感到一丝内疚，因为他正准备操纵她，但是他知道自己会克服这种感觉的。
tr	O	她从不相信要走那种常规、无聊的路线，而且她现在也不打算开始。
tr	O	我需要的是一种能在极致感官体验和完全将其屏蔽之间取得平衡的方式。
tr	O	我很想往最坏处想，但是我不能允许自己那样做。
tr	O	他想和埃勒里私下谈谈，但是她拒绝了。
tr	O	玛丽给了我他的手机号码，并且我把它写了下来。
tr	O	她可能已经扑灭了我制造的火焰，但是她没有阻止源头。
tr	I	It requires certain adjustments , and our situation is most peculiar .
tr	O	他的拇指在她的拇指上打转，并且丽兹的肩膀慢慢垮了下来。
tr	I	An almost silent sigh would say more than she ever wanted to hear , but no one would ever say anything about it .
tr	O	我们从幼儿园起就是最好的朋友，并且我们从未离开过琼斯维尔。
tr	I	I knew I was screwed , and Torin 's expression grew thunderous .
tr	O	我转向马赫，想问这是什么，但是他已经不见了。
tr	I	Ella 's drifting off to sleep and by the time we get there it 's past midnight .
tr	I	She doesn 't release my arm , but she carefully lets me sit up .
tr	I	She smiled at me softly and a wave of an unfamiliar emotion ran through me .
tr	I	He 'd insisted on it so she felt she had no choice , but she still wasn 't convinced it was the right thing to do .
tr	I	I could feel my blood boiling and the close proximity to Kiran had sweat pouring down my face .
tr	O	他看起来像是要拒绝，但是审视了她的脸后，他妥协了。
tr	O	奥尼克斯思考了一下，但是他的直觉告诉他不行。
tr	I	Mrs. Carlson pressed on , but Nick started to object .
tr	O	她点点头，并且我走向楼梯。
tr	I	The back part fell to my calves , but the front of the dress hung around my knees .
tr	I	For him , I would try , but I didn 't want to stay awake .
tr	I	He 'd quickly decided it wasn 't to his benefit , but they 'd been trying to go into business with Damien .
tr	I	The body armour had absorbed the impact of her fall and her metal helmet had protected her head .
tr	O	也许这只是常识，但是我以为那才是使我们比他们更强大的原因，我们的知识。
tr	O	我离真相如此之近，然而我还没准备好完全决定自己的命运。
tr	I	I was going to make sure it was one of our stops tonight and Liza loved dancing .
tr	I	We were all soaked and the rain was still coming down fairly hard .
tr	O	她张开嘴巴抗议，警告他，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	Danica , well , she ´ s being herself and Dante ´ s covering his eyes .
tr	I	I had to believe he was all right , but I couldn 't see him through the fire .
tr	I	The elevator ride seemed to take hours , but her apartment was on the second floor .
tr	I	I closed my eyes to enjoy it to the fullest , and The rose had been chosen for smell , not appearance .
tr	O	当汤姆发现帕顿的门开着时，尸体不在那里，但是家具没有摆放在通常的位置。
tr	I	Losing you would have ended me , but losing our child was awful .
tr	I	He had the right to defend her honor but she agreed that Xavier 's temper got the best of him once in a while .
tr	I	He took the role seriously , and he was always the one that looked out for his men .
tr	I	I 'm obliged , and I know you did .
tr	I	She had a good life and Joe was a good husband .
tr	O	我的话语倾泻而出，并且我意识到我以前从未真正告诉过任何人这些。
tr	I	She jerked him back , and Holly 's hands closed around his shoulders .
tr	I	We can 't find it , but we search for the watch .
tr	O	他把手放在洛拉的手上，并且我看着他们的双手都消失了。
tr	I	We raced along the stone wall and SIX Grace tugged my hand .
tr	I	His hair was drying in spirals , and the bruises on his forearms were fading .
tr	I	The detached kitchen still felt like ... home , but he 'd abandoned the house years ago .
tr	O	我离开时努力维系我们的友谊，但是就像我大部分朋友一样，我们疏远了。
tr	I	I hated how sexy it sounded and Levi laughed .
tr	I	The guys never let her forget it and she was still the girl .
tr	O	距离我们有这样的时刻已经很久了，并且我几乎忘记了我为什么那么喜欢它们。
tr	O	萨默的声音微微颤抖，并且她听起来快要哭了。
tr	I	She smiled as she ate a grape , and I just nodded .
tr	O	他的眼睛布满血丝，并且他揉了揉它们。
tr	O	我正站在伊芙和我走过宣誓的过道里。
tr	O	让凯利脸红是他最喜欢的事情之一，并且他也完全打算很快就在他们的床上让她脸红。
tr	O	有很多门，并且只有少数男人潜伏在房间里。
tr	O	她把盘子推向他，并且他的手在盘子的重量下沉了下去。
tr	O	他一定饿坏了，但是当马特今天早些时候试图给他拿些东西时，达蒙把整个托盘都扔向了他。
tr	I	It doesn 't mean I have to agree with everything he says , but I don 't want to stress out the man .
tr	O	机会唾手可得，并且他几乎肯定会抓住它们。
tr	O	他尝试停止所有功能，但是那只会让事情变得不舒服。
tr	O	一滴无声的泪水滑下我的脸颊，并且我没有擦去它。
tr	O	安迪看起来不高兴，但是经过深思熟虑，我们最终决定在任何地震活动发生前到达地面。
tr	I	He nodded , and he looked to Jimmy for reassurance .
tr	I	I didn 't trust him to take care of it and I would be giving it to him .
tr	O	甚至我的前男友都只说过我可爱，而且我的妈妈一生中从未叫我漂亮。
tr	I	A human male walked in and the tent flap was pulled back .
tr	I	She plummeted into the well of power that was suddenly overflowing inside of her , and the demon lunged .
tr	I	That was clearer in retrospect than it had been at the time , and Vivian was a master manipulator .
tr	O	另一个故事会出现，并且他们会忘记我。
tr	O	水样的光线透过窗户照进来，并且那天因为细雨而灰蒙蒙的。
tr	I	I don 't jump to conclusions and I don 't make rash decisions .
tr	O	他对我快速眨了眨眼，并且我能感觉到我的脸颊变热了。
tr	I	He certainly can 't swallow it , but the lava won 't hurt him .
tr	I	My back pierces in agony , but I attempt to move .
tr	O	他松了一口气，回以微笑，并且我立刻看到了他的魅力。
tr	O	停顿了一下，并且我能看出他正在思考她所说的话。
tr	O	他再次抬头看我，试图重新尝试，并且他记起来了，尽管疼痛似乎只增不减。
tr	I	I allowed my tongue to touch his , and his tongue met mine .
tr	I	I glanced back up the stairs and we finished with the bed .
tr	O	这个号码是未公开的，但是 我还是接了。
tr	O	我能听到我的抽泣声在火坑区回荡，但是 没有人来查看……当然。
tr	I	He saw how much he had hurt her and when he reached out to take her hand , she flinched .
tr	O	我们需要你，并且 她明白这一点。
tr	O	多米尼克的脸上纹丝不动，并且 他的沉默持续到了令人尴尬的地步。
tr	O	大议会将会开会，并且 他还要去码头一趟。
tr	I	She 'd ignore the sorry , or she would not feel sorry .
tr	O	他只期待某样东西，但是 却没有某样东西。
tr	O	他有许多其他枪支，但是 这一把是他的忠实伴侣。
tr	O	我的喉咙发紧，并且 我猛烈地眨眼。
tr	O	听到那番话，她的脸放松了，并且她的嘴角露出了微笑。
tr	O	麻木的感觉又开始回来了，但是我的思绪却一直在各种选择中飞速运转。
tr	O	一个无辜的女人死了，死的本该是我，而且克莱门汀必须为她的错误付出代价，就这么简单。
tr	I	Then I didn 't see her , and she was in the bathroom for a long time .
tr	O	他在马场上轻松地策马小跑，一次次越过障碍，看起来他和马就像一个整体。
tr	I	That was a long time ago , but look , I did .
tr	I	I didn 't loosen my grip and I didn 't release him .
tr	O	我们到了车库，并且我用密码键盘让大门打开。
tr	I	The unseen servants who staffed Hades 's palace would clean it later , but I winced .
tr	O	强奸她和谋杀她？
tr	I	We stoop under the curtain of cotton branches , and she glances around anxiously , links arms with me .
tr	O	是的，我怀念有家人的感觉，但是我还有其他事情可以充实自己。
tr	I	She just ignored them but they laughed at her again .
tr	O	她不知道他在说什么，而且老实说她也不在乎。
tr	I	Her legs crossed properly , as she focused typing at her computer and her posture was perfect .
tr	I	It wasn 't only about her plan , but he paused to think for a moment .
tr	O	他从第一天起就没试图跟我说话，而且他的声音再次对准我时，让我感到很奇怪。
tr	I	I felt caught in a crossfire , and the ladies looked at me together .
tr	O	阿波罗翻了翻白眼，并且我笑了。
tr	O	我真的需要注意我喝了多少酒，以免喝得太醉，但是继续喝下去的诱惑太大了。
tr	O	目睹这一切令人难过，但是告诉他这件事毫无意义。
tr	O	她不仅不受那些奇物的影响，而且她还直观地理解它们是如何运作的。
tr	I	She couldn 't go through with it , but your sister aimed the gun at your father .
tr	O	他担忧的目光集中在她身上，并且当他注意到她没事时，他露出了凯蒂从未见过的最美的笑容。
tr	I	He never would but he 'd tell my gull ible stupid sister that he was leaving his wife .
tr	I	Dina steps out , and the hatch opens .
tr	O	这本来是伊迪的主意，但是最终却是爱德华以至于把垫子都弄破的力道摔了下去。
tr	I	Her nostrils flared , and two angry spots of colour burned on my aunt 's cheeks .
tr	O	我很害怕，但是我能放手。
tr	I	A low-grade stench wafted from the dead greenery , and plants had been blackened all along this unholy trail .
tr	I	It would have been rude , but I wanted to ask .
tr	O	他向坦普尔挥手，并且她也挥手回应。
tr	I	It 's not really my scene , but I tag along with Skye occasionally .
tr	O	他的衬衫塞在后裤兜里，并且他健硕的背部闪着汗珠。
tr	I	She offered him no comfort , and she was his Bride , his wife .
tr	O	那里显得太安静了，并且任何地方都没有尸体。
tr	I	It gave him even more courage , and for the briefest moment he saw fear in all those yellow eyes surrounding him .
tr	I	The numbered flags on poles betrayed its real purpose , but it looked like a movie set of a wharf scene .
tr	I	She was smart , but Arianna was the most at danger .
tr	O	我吻了他，并且他回应了。
tr	I	Our senior soon joined in seeing the funny side of it too , and there was clearly no harm intended in our laughter .
tr	I	We are , but I know you don 't believe me .
tr	I	Her hair was in its usual coronet , and she was wearing her embroidered green midday robe .
tr	O	几乎整个福音派宗教领域都过于理性化，并且那不是我们在《新约》中看到的。
tr	I	There 's a strange groaning sound and the castle hallway is dimly lit .
tr	O	我的咯咯轻笑变成了哈哈大笑，并且接着我开始放声大笑。
tr	I	It would draw curious eyes , but wearing the cloak at all times might have made lifting her head easier .
tr	I	All went immediately silent and Frank raised his hand for quiet .
tr	O	他的意图是继续跑向梅林的店，但是他的闪避迫使他不得不出手。
tr	O	我只是对现状不满意，但是我并不认为我能改变它们。
tr	O	我们时间不多了，但是我不能向他们开火。
tr	O	我的大脑一片空白，但是过了一会儿我开始思考酒店一楼的布局。
tr	O	我听到了两位牧师敲打墙壁的声音，并且这让我做出了决定。
tr	I	His brows shot up his forehead in astonishment , and his head snapped back to me .
tr	O	他没有完全笑出来，但是他的嘴唇却在抽动。
tr	O	它本应是金色的，但是它的中心现在却是苍白的白色，仿佛变成了水晶。
tr	I	I felt delicious with need , and my body ached for him .
tr	I	I was scared to hear what he was going to say and all my worst fears were coming true .
tr	O	当他按下它时，他听到了后备箱门弹开的声音，并且他直起身子。
tr	O	这是我选择在心里原谅她的原因，但是却是我永远无法忘记的同一个原因。
tr	O	我没有预料到这一点，但是我能应对它。
tr	O	他将她拉伸到疼痛的极致，但是如此多的感觉交织在一起，以至于不可能将疼痛从快乐中抽离。
tr	O	她去关门，但是那个大箱子映入她的眼帘。
tr	O	我无法掩饰那股传遍全身的颤栗，并且我更加弓起身体，将臀部压向他。
tr	I	He never believed them , but he had heard the stories of those who claimed to have had just this sort of close encounter .
tr	O	最终，决定如何反应的挣扎让她不堪重负，并且她坐在地上，仰视着他。
tr	O	血液开始流淌，使得她的握力不再稳定，并且她迅速后退，试图为自己争取一点时间。
tr	O	现在他的腹部涌动着热流，并且他知道那不仅仅是威士忌的作用。
tr	I	Yet they offer themselves like little lambs , and they believe themselves to be sharp operators .
tr	O	在她话音未落之时，她的嘴唇颤抖起来，并且一股新的泪水从她眼中涌出。
tr	I	He paled , as he shot Deckard a look of panic and Kropp 's eyes went glassy .
tr	O	她的手找到了他的手，并且她紧紧地握住了它。
tr	I	Her eyes searched his , and she stopped , turned .
tr	O	他的房间可能在房子里离我的房间完全相反的一边，没错，但是这总归是有些什么。
tr	I	The man with the knife wasn 't hesitating as he jerked her out of the car , and she was in the middle of nowhere .
tr	I	That unfortunately included Fran , and the last thing I needed right now was to be around people .
tr	I	Her plans were different , but he 'd planned on asking her to spend the night , something he never did .
tr	O	你会变得非常平静，内心非常安定，并且你的能量水平比以往任何时候都下降得更多。
tr	O	衣柜向左转了半步，并且我踉跄了一下。
tr	O	她确实喜欢波士顿，至少是她所见过的部分，并且从明天开始，她会探索更多。
tr	I	The other two wanted to smoke , and William asked about Danny 's ankle .
tr	I	He was worried that his mother would be concerned and the incident on the beach had lasted longer than his usual swim .
tr	I	This is lightweight for Brie and I knew she was gunning for me .
tr	I	My mouth dropped open , and my eyes became wide .
tr	I	It sent shivers over her skin , and he 'd never sounded like that before .
tr	O	他身高大约中等，但是他魁梧的身材使他令人生畏。
tr	I	Physicists knew very little of its topography , yet kratos was a fairly large planet in terms of circumference .
tr	I	Both are in complete remission , and two cancer patients , both youngsters , were each taking NIL along with chemotherapy .
tr	I	You being here is a major step ... for both of us , but it 's a hard thing to get over Kiddo .
tr	O	你可以独自旅行，但是我们会在每一步路上都陪着你。
tr	I	As they staggered leftward they changed in pattern markedly and there were now pronounced hiccups .
tr	O	我在他的绷带下放了一些蓍草叶，并且我正在给他煮一些柳树皮茶。
tr	O	Aran在过去几天里经历了很多，但是这个孩子遭遇了比他所能想象的糟糕得多的事情。
tr	I	I be no fool , but Drunk I may be , soon if not now .
tr	I	She was beginning to think they were lost , and they 'd been riding for over two hours .
tr	I	Finally , she rested her head onto Aidan 's shoulder , but Bailey cried some more .
tr	I	There was no way I could cross the space between us before he brought the gun to bear , but the muzzle was pointed toward the floor .
tr	O	塞拉的眼睛蒙上了一层悲伤，并且她松开了我的手。
tr	I	The wind was so strong that I had to hold on to Emma to keep her stable and the rain was running down my neck .
tr	O	他们曾大声呼喊，但是没有人回答。
tr	O	托尼亚的脸亮了起来，并且为时已晚，他才意识到自己的声音听起来像是在和她调情。
tr	I	Ma didn 't mind but it wasn 't an expensive meal to make , just lots of work .
tr	I	It was a garden , as well but it was an office .
tr	I	The two of us listened to the trickling of the fountain and after I told my story , Clarissa leaned back against the stone wall .
tr	O	他也停了下来，但是他一言不发。
tr	I	It resisted by trying to thrash Edna with its wings and it had a wingspan equal to her height .
tr	I	The only time I sat down was to pee , and there were days when I barely saw daylight , ate every meal straight from the microwave .
tr	O	不，她心想，但是他却一直在这么想。
tr	O	这让我非常震惊，并且我试图尖叫。
tr	O	它们船身宽阔，以便能运载更多货物，并且它们像怀孕的鲸鱼一样摇摇晃晃地航行。
tr	I	I was lucky with the other tucked in my pocket , but no lip balm .
tr	O	马匹会是更快的旅行选择，但是我们害怕会引起任何不必要的注意。
tr	O	这可能是历史上最巧合的事情之一，但是它不是真的。
tr	O	她费了很大的劲，才把注意力重新集中到日志上，但是无尽的代码页面却无法吸引她的注意力。
tr	O	这让我又把它写了一遍，并且它变成了另一本书。
tr	I	The front door swung open , and he pulled his fist back .
tr	I	She squeezed his hand , and he looked at Emerson .
tr	O	他们知道他爱他的爷爷，但是他却不告而别。
tr	O	各种尺寸的深蓝色蜡烛在燃烧，并且她抬起头，凯瑟琳正看着她。
tr	O	再次接受上帝进入你的生活，并且你就会被洁净。
tr	O	如果非要说点什么，尼尔希望瑞雯认为他和格温正躲在一起。
tr	O	他看起来不紧张，但是我却无法确定。
tr	O	塞默神父在客厅的沙发上坐下，并且约瑟夫坐在他对面的椅子上。
tr	O	一块尖锐的碎片嵌进了她的手掌，并且血在伤口处积聚。
tr	I	So in some subconscious way considered him sexless , and she didn 't see him as a man .
tr	I	He also wanted me to stop , but he loved me , wanted me .
tr	I	My throat was dry again , but I tried to say more .
tr	O	她看了看我，并且她的眼睛因泪水而变得模糊。
tr	I	I was starting to feel sick and we were on our second pitcher .
tr	O	她盯着他时，他一直一动不动，但是他现在移开了视线，下巴的一块肌肉在抽动。
tr	O	她让他措手不及，并且她突然能感觉到——一切。
tr	I	There was nothing I could say but I could feel him slipping away with each second .
tr	I	Only a weak groan came forth , but Rayna tried to speak .
tr	O	这项发现是无价的，并且我将以实物支付你。
tr	I	The effort appeared to cause her pain , but the female tried to growl at her .
tr	O	她伸手去抓记事本，但是泰勒反而抓住了她的手，阻止了她。
tr	I	I can 't give a name and I don 't give a name .
tr	I	Contracts are inviolate according to that law and what was done was done by contract .
tr	I	I can 't be so callous , but I want you in every conceivable means .
tr	O	那不是一个特别危险的区域，但是也不是那些赚大钱的生意有办公室的地方。
tr	O	他的眼睛眯了起来，但是他的笑容从未离开他的脸。
tr	I	I kinda need you tonight , and you 'll get in trouble .
tr	I	They could not see me , but I could see our prey .
tr	I	His anger urged him to get this over with , but Percival took a moment to slow his labored breathing .
tr	O	我必须保持控制，或者我将失去这些男人对我仅存的信任。
tr	I	Alice had some very powerful magic at her disposal , but again , no one is sure how .
tr	O	他发着烧，而且我绝望了。
tr	O	她回应着抬起头，并且我们的目光相遇了。
tr	I	He knew her current hot button , and he 'd never been one for the easy way .
tr	O	马蹄轻松地抬起来了，并且他把它安放在大腿之间。
tr	O	她鼻子原来的位置有一个小小的凸起，而且她耳朵的残余部分融化在她的头皮上。
tr	I	A pale , delicate hand flew to his chest , stopping him but he took a rigid step toward me .
tr	O	我向前移动，他们俩都转身试图逃跑，所以我举起来了。
tr	O	一个与安全有关，并且另一个涵盖公司政策。
tr	O	他结束了，仍然很尴尬，但是半笑着。
tr	O	他的噪音变得更难听，更大声，但是他的脸却一片空白，像梦中的恐惧一样。
tr	I	She had never responded , but I sent her a text , just to make sure she had gotten back to Alexandria safely .
tr	O	她用她古怪的建议把卡罗尔逼疯了，但是卡罗尔知道这深植于爱。
tr	O	这无疑是恐惧的化身，但是让她定在原地的不仅仅是恐惧。
tr	O	她把手放在臀部，扬着眉毛，转回窗边。
tr	O	她再次迷恋上了迈耶先生，并且她让凯特琳的生活变得彻底悲惨。
tr	O	我让他走开，但是他不肯。
tr	O	她的下唇开始颤抖，并且她低下了头。
tr	I	I shoot a look at Allison , who is now staring straight at her father , a tiny smirk on her face and my mouth falls open .
tr	O	当雷夫开门时，他发现她衣着暴露地躺在床上，但是她不是一个人。
tr	I	Motions for Serena to do the same , and Hailey sits down on the old cot .
tr	I	That wouldn 't be in the Christmas spirit , but I kind of want to smash the radio .
tr	I	She was called back by her mother , but Riki , of course , followed him .
tr	I	The person who brought the sunnier side out of me is no longer in my life and I 've felt differently only once .
tr	I	Her will iron and Taya 's mind was sharp .
tr	O	瑞秋的回复够官方了，但是丹尼尔察觉到其中有些紧张。
tr	I	Beth could hear the crickets beginning their evening song , and the faint echo of thunder sounded in the distance .
tr	I	The first two buttons of his shirt were undone and he carried his blue pinstripe suit jacket over his arm .
tr	I	Rema could hear them arguing , but Cassie slammed the door shut .
tr	O	女孩们看起来很天真，但是她们很残忍。
tr	I	Blood would be spilled and the Horde would ride .
tr	O	话语在维克托来不及阻止之前就脱口而出，并且它们像一捆砖头一样击中了他的父亲。
tr	O	她大叫起来，并且我笑了。
tr	I	Even though it was over in two seconds , it felt good , and that was the first damn laugh I 'd had in two months .
tr	I	Then I thought about our history , but I didn 't want to get his hopes up .
tr	O	一个停了下来，并且他进去了。
tr	I	The cover of darkness fell and he rode until dawn came .
tr	O	她把毛绒玩具紧紧地抱在胸前，并且她平静地笑了。
tr	I	I ain 't stayin in Longview , but that 's fine .
tr	I	This time the entire crowd sang at the same time but as the murmuring of the crowd finally died down , Sophie sang again .
tr	O	我在脑海中重温了那个夜晚，并且我再次感觉自己无能为力。
tr	I	Of course she just came back , but Riley shoved her away .
tr	O	德文跑了，并且加勒特正面应对了他的问题。
tr	I	He was officially late for class and the bell rang .
tr	I	They finished off their set and AJ took over .
tr	I	I just let it go but it put me on edge .
tr	O	那个女人又翻了两张牌，向查理解释着，但是我一个字也听不见她说的。
tr	O	她所有的恐惧一下子涌上心头，并且有一瞬间她感觉自己可能会吐出来。
tr	O	大部分很模糊，但是我记得像莉莉这样的其他几个人。
tr	O	他在驾驶座上转过身并对我半笑了一下。
tr	I	Yet it sounded like I was asking her to a church social , and her situation was dire , even she knew that .
tr	O	从她到达的那一刻起，这个夜晚就感觉不同，但是她尽力把这种感觉抛开。
tr	O	他是在无趣算法的帮助下做到的，然而结果却与源头大相径庭。
tr	O	我以前住在士巴丹拿街的一个非法占屋里，但是警察把我们清走了。
tr	I	I won 't bother to tell you what they said and no one seemed to mind if they bumped into me .
tr	I	He redeemed himself and Buck was close on to bein ' sober .
tr	O	Guy一直在看着Erica，但是他在此刻插话了。
tr	O	她不确定，但是她认为自己认出了那个声音的口音。
tr	O	她在月光下等待一个迹象，一些他真的在那里的证据，但是什么也没有出现。
tr	O	我知道你会是第一个，但是他们其余的人还有时间。
tr	I	Everything she had worked for would be cast into the gutter , or Breedlove needed this assignment to go smoothly .
tr	O	是德罗赫达，并且她在摇我的肩膀。
tr	I	I took a deep breath as we headed toward the house , and he pulled the car into the driveway .
tr	I	She clapped her mouth shut , and her voice rose in volume .
tr	O	当扎克猛击时，更多的血从那东西里喷涌而出，并且它最终退回了单元内。
tr	I	I am always happy to receive them and your letters are so very important to me .
tr	I	Their results are amazing , but his methods are shocking .
tr	I	It roared into life , and I started the engine .
tr	O	尼尔是必需品，但是其他变形者都避开他。
tr	I	Since she 'd lost the last child she 'd been carrying , Lucian was extra protective of her , and Leigh was pregnant .
tr	O	我上了床，但是我睡不着。
tr	I	This time , it didn 't make her warm on the inside , but another deep laugh erupted from him .
tr	I	Angus wasn 't so lucky , but Gilda slid through easily .
tr	I	I imagined myself kissing them and she slowly sucked the oyster sauce from the spoon with her ruby red lips .
tr	O	不止一个浪头漫过她的头顶，并且她从来不确定它们是如何冲到船上的。
tr	O	他盯着她，并且心头一颤。
tr	I	The excitement is hard to keep out of my voice , but I 'm trying to be comforting .
tr	O	我不会停止爱你，并且我当然也不会停止询问。
tr	I	He blocked my way , but I tried to turn .
tr	I	She sidestepped him but Zach reached out for her .
tr	O	曼迪在颤抖，并且肾上腺素让她刻薄的话脱口而出。
tr	I	In the depths of his mahogany eyes there was a warmth that was for her alone , but he looked cool , unruffled as always .
tr	O	她不会对此撒谎而让所有人身处险境，但是这个洞穴系统远不止她透露的那么多。
tr	I	I could hear the worried edge in it , but he tried to make his tone joking .
tr	I	I certainly didn 't want to start a fire under the pot of his anger and I didn 't want to argue the point .
tr	O	她想为此感到兴奋，但是事实是她很害怕。
tr	I	His nose was colder , but his lips were cold .
tr	O	我知道她想活跃气氛，但是我的思绪已经领先五步。
tr	I	It shined a faint light on Kenny 's face , but very few of its features were able to work .
tr	O	约瑟芬的下巴绷紧了，并且她猛地从窗边抽身。
tr	O	他深深地凝视着她，并且她发现自己深陷在他的凝视中。
tr	O	一截仍在闷燃的烟头夹在她的指间，并且她的另一只手掌里握着一个小玻璃烟灰缸。
tr	O	他可能得在晚上潜入那栋大楼，但是那不是他的主要计划，只是一个可能性。
tr	I	He yelled for everyone to climb in the rear and the remaining vehicles slowed to a stop in front .
tr	O	我那台旧的超级任天堂游戏机放在角落里，但是那最多只能给我带来几百美元。
tr	O	他看起来有点蓬乱，但是那样就行了。
tr	I	I bet they were at least 1500 thread count and I knew they were Egyptian cotton .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , and we hadn 't spoken since his odd statement .
tr	I	I pushed back a yelp at the hideous Satan mask he wore , and a lithe figure came toward me .
tr	I	It already looks as if she is re-organizing and it is the first day back to school .
tr	I	Now the military is taking care of my mind and work at the factory had mostly prepared my body .
tr	I	She fought not to be sick and Bile rose .
tr	I	Jenny lightly pushed him back , and he gestured at me irritably .
tr	I	I wrapped my legs around him more tightly , and the look in his eyes was pure heat .
tr	O	他最近吃得不多，并且他的腰围小了两码。
tr	I	He 's negotiated all of our defenses , and I 've been watching for a while .
tr	I	Our drug did not incapacitate us , but the craving was there , certainly .
tr	I	She 'd not demurred , and he 'd hinted at what he wanted to do with her .
tr	O	那可能没什么，因为他知道她和我在一起，但是那也可能有点什么。
tr	O	哈德利是个习惯性迟到的人，但是加勒特则不是，所以他们通常能互相平衡。
tr	O	她童年无数个夜晚都曾希望从这个男人那里听到这些话，并且现在她终于听到了，无需开口询问。
tr	I	A strong hand from behind quieted her outburst but what she found within , nearly made her scream in surprise .
tr	O	很明显他有一个任务，并且这比我之前所知的更重要。
tr	O	他继续对她大喊，但是她什么也听不到。
tr	I	For once he seems like he 's telling the truth , but I search his eyes for a sign that he 's lying .
tr	I	I allowed myself the moment and his arms were very comforting .
tr	O	天空漆黑一片，并且空气中弥漫着浓厚的蒸汽。
tr	I	He drew me close to him , and I took his hand , stood .
tr	I	His consciousness was pulled unwillingly away , and the nudging became a sharp pain , however .
tr	O	我不知道，因为我从未住过那种地方，但是也许居民只是忽略了任何与他们不同的人。
tr	I	It didn 't occur to me that he actually did , but he 'd said once that he 'd always liked me .
tr	O	他几乎已经忘记了那个人，但是萨拉却不知何故把他带了回来，就像她带来了他的噩梦一样。
tr	I	Then she was going to finish the ironing , and she was going to drink her tea .
tr	I	You know it , and not in all our lives .
tr	I	The angels got restless and the miles rolled by .
tr	I	Then it came back , but she went into remission when I was ten , for several years .
tr	O	下午看来会是上午的重演，并且克莱已经受够了。
tr	O	艾娃犹豫了，但是经过了他们所有的计划，所有的冒险，他知道她现在无法拒绝他了。
tr	O	我的手臂飞快地环上他的脖子，并且我把他拉近。
tr	O	凯蒂的手臂滑了下来，并且侧身抱住我，几乎把我勒死。
tr	O	门开了，并且我向后倒去。
tr	I	He decided that his half-brother might have a point and Nick 's advice was still going through Sam 's head .
tr	O	你们三个看起来是要执行一项任务，并且我能看出你们愿意为你们所计划的任何事情冒生命危险。
tr	O	天气很冷，并且风势在增强。
tr	I	The disc is finished and the image finally fades away .
tr	O	弗朗西丝卡知道这都是表演，但是这仍然让她感到被珍爱。
tr	I	We will continue to fight them in the future , and wolves with honor have always fought their own battles .
tr	I	Last year 's drought reduced the waterway into a thirsty , dry bed , and the wheel had been damaged during the initial fall of the world .
tr	O	他开了一枪，但是火焰流从我肩旁呼啸而过。
tr	O	我转过头，并且他亲吻了我的脸颊。
tr	I	To also keep their distance but he ordered them to shoot to kill .
tr	O	大多数人只是假装这是关于生活，但是事实并非如此。
tr	O	他想着写一封信，但是他想不出要说什么。
tr	I	My clothes didn 't stick to my skin , and I didn 't smell my own stench .
tr	O	从车到她的小屋的距离感觉像一英里，但是实际上只有大约二十英尺。
tr	I	My door instantly opened , and the car stopped .
tr	I	I nodded I would and she asked .
tr	O	做好一件事的满足感让凯利充满自豪，并且很久以来她第一次对自己的所作所为感到自信。
tr	O	我们看到了奇观，但是我们忽略了规模。
tr	O	空气沉淀下来，并且站着一个我不认识的男人。
tr	I	My asking price is slowly rising , and I 'm finally starting to make a quiet name for myself .
tr	O	最终她的抽泣声变小了，并且她抬起头来回应。
tr	I	Heaven forbid , killed , or the WTR cannot risk you being caught .
tr	I	Her father must have been , but she wasn 't like him .
tr	I	When she stopped , they stopped and when she moved , they moved .
tr	O	我知道它在卡梅拉给的水晶洞里，但是我没想到会对此感到如此激动。
tr	I	Reached for his dinner jacket and * * * Daemon fastened the ruby cuff links onto his shirt .
tr	O	她的目光停留在基思身上，并且她礼貌地M了点头。
tr	I	He recovered quickly , but Maximilian was surprised .
tr	O	维丽蒂本能地弓起了臀部，并且乔纳斯将拇指轻轻探入她湿润的通道。
tr	O	他们睡过比思爱斯塔旅馆更好的地方，并且他们睡过更差的地方。
tr	I	He climbed back into the tree , and the Guardian Richard had reversed course as soon as he saw Mike pull up in front of the house .
tr	O	她的头发，与露娜的不同，光亮笔直，一直垂到她的肩膀。
tr	I	I asked Angus to put the radio on , which he did , and I got fed up with all this silence after about an hour .
tr	O	扎克把手放在我的手臂上，并且他那不想要的触碰在我的皮肤上感到陌生。
tr	O	除掉她，并且你就会暴露身份。
tr	O	那个表情说明他不能告诉我，并且有什么东西正在折磨着他的内心。
tr	I	Now it was calling to me again , but in Tucson , I 'd been trying to hide from my magic .
tr	O	我会把它弄得更好，但是我不知道该怎么做。
tr	I	His shadowed eyes were two black sockets , and his hair hung black over his forehead .
tr	I	Circumstances had separated them from their mothers , and both had lost their fathers at a young age .
tr	I	They all headed towards the Prayer Hall and the other sisters picked themselves up in silence .
tr	O	我想去追罗斯，但是那没有任何意义。
tr	I	His weight settled on her and seconds later muscles went lax .
tr	I	He looked worried and his expression changed .
tr	I	He didn 't care , and he knew he was acting childish .
tr	O	凯利没有明确要求她保持沉默，但是费思尊重了她的隐私。
tr	I	I always stopped myself before actually applying the scissors , but sometimes I yearned to hack off every freaking strand .
tr	I	I could still see it regardless , but a future I 'd chased off .
tr	O	迈克为火堆收集了更多的木柴，并且他们都围了过来。
tr	I	It didn 't , but she waited for the television screen to go blank like the movie screen had .
tr	I	Rich helped her on with her coat , and they stood .
tr	O	现在它已经实现，并且就在我们说话的时候，我们也几乎完成了为舰船安装武器的工作。
tr	I	It reads ten after midnight , and after a good long while I glance over at the clock in the dining room .
tr	I	Will bolted upright and I stood up .
tr	O	事实上，我能从我的卧室窗户看到它，但是这是我第一次尝试它。
tr	I	It met the warm , humid skies over the sea , and I bade it fly south with us .
tr	I	The crowd from the living room had disbursed , but the house was still noisy when he reentered .
tr	I	His arm didn 't work properly anymore , but he tried to swing his sword again .
tr	O	她不敢深入思考前一晚卢西安和她之间发生了什么。
tr	O	在克利昂一侧几英尺的地方，陶瓷头颅正在爆裂，并且肢体随着他的挥舞被砸成碎片。
tr	I	I could feel her looking at me , and she asked .
tr	I	Even inside , I could hear him clearly , and Beck cupped his hands around his mouth .
tr	O	第二次就好多了，并且到第六次的时候我几乎掌握了窍门。
tr	I	I ignored it , but my leg ached .
tr	O	我对运动不是很感兴趣，但是我知道很多男人都感兴趣。
tr	O	我身后的门关上了，并且我猛地转过身，纸张随着我的动作飘落到地上。
tr	I	Her red lips curved into a sly smile , and Nikki looked at her with cold blue eyes .
tr	O	没有人注意到你去了哪里，而且我到处找你。
tr	O	她把枪举得更高了，并且她的手指在扳机上稍微收紧了一点。
tr	I	I kept a fair distance from Rob , and we began walking away from the others .
tr	O	格莱德把手伸向边界，并且她也举起了手。
tr	I	She couldn 't move , but she tried to lift her hand as she had before .
tr	I	The blade slid harmlessly , but he struck with the knife .
tr	O	他的笑容收敛了，并且他的牙齿紧咬着。
tr	O	你一直都只是信任我，而且你一直都得到了报酬。
tr	O	他正抱着她，并且她把手臂紧紧地环绕在他的脖子上，看起来非常紧。
tr	O	他比我大十岁，但是那正是其魅力的一部分。
tr	O	我看到了他的眼睛，并且我生命中只有一个人有那样的眼睛。
tr	I	I didn 't want to see you , but I knew you wanted to see me .
tr	I	Our legs bumped each other and Kiran adjusted his sitting position .
tr	I	Dad was the instigator , but she allowed it to happen , of course .
tr	O	他的阴茎头撞到了她体内深处，那个能让快感涌遍她全身的地方，并且她呻吟起来。
tr	I	Tears nipped at the corners of his eyes , and he tried to push away from the girl .
tr	O	他知道，并且他不喜欢这样。
tr	O	我四处寻找他，但是他已经走了。
tr	I	Bryan turned up the volume and there was silence .
tr	I	The whole shebang threatened to tip over , and his eyes rolled backwards as drawers slid out of place .
tr	O	他没有打我，但是他让人难以靠近，哪怕只是一小段时间。
tr	I	The box closes and the light fades .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do about it , and he saw the attack about to happen .
tr	I	Cheekbones so high they looked artificially enhanced , and her mouth was too wide , nose a trace too long .
tr	O	她把它们递给他，并且他把它们扔到了一张附近的桌子上。
tr	I	Hoodie was gone but I looked up .
tr	O	片刻之后，一辆车启动了，并且车灯亮了。
tr	O	几乎从任何标准来看这都是一个好方法，但是你却无法享受它，因为你的成绩只是标准杆。
tr	I	Cabal talks right over the sound , doesn 't even notice , but there 's a muffled click from the EMP grenade activating its invisible charge .
tr	I	Callum struck him again and the bigger Reboot stumbled .
tr	O	雪莉不认为那是个好笑话，但是她很兴奋他们未来两年会有全职工作。
tr	I	That vehicle was right on her tail now , and the driver had on his bright lights , too .
tr	O	他的话让她的手僵住了，并且她僵硬地靠在他高大结实的身体上。
tr	I	Several people killed and over forty cars had been destroyed .
tr	O	她本该祝他好运的，但是话语却卡在她的喉咙里。
tr	I	A name tag reading ' Ruby ' and she had a polka dot dress on .
tr	O	德怀特突然出现了，并且她的计划就泡汤了。
tr	I	The elf had said so himself ; everything was fair game , but normally , he wouldn 't resort to such foul play .
tr	I	His palms slide back down the tops of my thighs , and eventually , his hands loosen their grip on my hips .
tr	O	他的手放低，坚定地托住我的臀部，并且他把我紧紧地拉向他。
tr	O	这是他们的时间，他们的旅程，而且他不想独自完成。
tr	O	有人监视过他们，杀了他的伴侣，并且比尔离开了。
tr	I	I could see carefully controlled apprehension on more than one face , and their sneers were gone .
tr	I	She couldn 't deny they shared a mutual investment in their partnership , yet Amber 's reasons for getting into the life had been less self-serving .
tr	I	She could get really used to it and Sharon had never felt quite like this .
tr	O	他有持枪许可证，但是这里看起来也不像是那种会查验身份的地方。
tr	O	我耸了耸肩，不完全确定他说的是否是真的，但是比任何事情都更希望它是真的。
tr	I	She gasped for air , and he lifted his mouth .
tr	I	It was stressful to say the least , and questions were fired from every angle .
tr	I	Bodies stream out of the massive hall in a hurry as if the ceiling were on fire , and the assembly comes to an end .
tr	O	我无法判断她是否在移动，但是宅邸的更多部分开始掉到地上。
tr	I	Once you 've signed it you can go and I 'll have the statement typed up from this interview .
tr	I	Her pulse stuttered and her breath caught .
tr	I	I breathed a loud sigh of relief and I couldn 't see anyone out there .
tr	I	Her shoulder immediately rebelled , but Sloane shifted in bed .
tr	I	This is it , and you needed something to make your idea work .
tr	I	She couldn 't resist the urge to take another look in Marcus ' direction , but the attention had her undone .
tr	O	她从未怎么注意过这个房间，但是突然间它成了她世界上最喜欢的地方。
tr	I	I 'm curious as to Realm 's reasoning , but I obviously don 't trust the doctor either .
tr	I	Hanging around his neck was an amulet in the shape of a dragon and he wore crude leather leggings .
tr	I	Katherine 's spirit was nowhere to be found , but Taylor still held her hand .
tr	I	Her chest spilled over her huge black sequined shirt , and her porcelain flesh was puffed out like a blowfish .
tr	I	He doesn 't awaken , but he moves a little .
tr	I	It was enough , and I was alive .
tr	O	这家餐馆是镇上最好的之一，并且他打算给雪莉·布利斯留下深刻印象。
tr	O	他不肯听，而且我不得不杀了他。
tr	O	他的阴茎勃起了，并且它向上指着。
tr	I	He looked back at me and my motion caught his attention .
tr	O	两人情绪高涨，但是凯西开始发言了。
tr	O	他尝到了血，但是他也尝到了她的甜美。
tr	I	Part of me is a little glad , but I never blamed you for what happened .
tr	O	艾琳缓慢加速，但是还没等他们到达巡洋舰，它就消失在了超空间中，同时还有数百艘其他飞船。
tr	I	I respect you and I truly honor you as a friend .
tr	I	Their pace was slower , for the trail was no longer easy to follow , and they had come to the feet of stony hills .
tr	O	地面不停晃动，并且这让我心烦意乱。
tr	I	His fingertips gently touched a part of Katherine 's shoulder and he threw his arm around the back of the booth .
tr	O	受此观点驱使，我拒绝了，并且我拒绝得很正确，去为第一个生物创造一个伴侣。
tr	I	I realized my mistake and a few steps up to the garage .
tr	O	他的嘴唇抽动了一下，并且他默默地转过身去。
tr	I	For Sarah it was a godsend , and the note arrived before they had finished the evening meal .
tr	O	我很恼火，但是他看起来很真诚。
tr	I	The room was transformed from blackness to shades of gray , and his eyes adjusted .
tr	I	It all seemed ridiculous but I needed to concentrate .
tr	I	It never dawned on me to doubt it and Mark said you were dead .
tr	I	Isn 't that great news , but I am sorry , Miss Duffy !
tr	O	她小腿一阵刺痛，并且模糊地记起了当天早些时候发生的事情。
tr	I	I knew there was no way that we could get out before they reached us and we were still a good sixty yards from the exit .
tr	O	他也曾多次试图约我出去，但是我从不在我住的楼里约会任何人。
tr	O	她的黑发在烛光下显得神秘，并且她的眼睛似乎捕捉着舞动的火焰。
tr	O	他们的气味会缠绕着她，而且无论你做什么，齐克，你都无法摆脱那种气味。
tr	O	让他们笑起来，并且他们就更有可能掏钱。
tr	O	大部分框架已经完成，并且屋顶也已架好。
tr	O	没有多少食物，因为莎伦一直在旅行，并且她也懒得去杂货店。
tr	I	I eventually turned the Land Rover into the circular drive of Kingsley and we were silent a few more beats .
tr	O	那招奏效了，并且他们又开始说话了。
tr	I	It stays in the local economy and give money to the local people .
tr	I	My choice was clear , but if the consequences were different , I would have been the friend he 'd always been to me .
tr	I	They ran after Connor , and Leah rallied her unit .
tr	I	She willed them away , but tears stung her eyes .
tr	O	有一个钱包，并且里面厚厚地装着现金。
tr	I	The eerie smile on her lips stopped him , but he readied his fist to hit her again .
tr	O	他正要说更多，但是女修道院长凭借其习以为常的权威打断了他。
tr	I	Nobody ever worries about the collateral damage , but slayers slay because they can , because they know that the ones they hunt are evil , monsters .
tr	O	我将皮肤按压在手掌上，但是 我能感觉到那些灯泡在挤压接缝。
tr	O	她继续走过它，并且 她的父母落在后面。
tr	O	你的胳膊断了，并且 骨头直接穿透了一根动脉。
tr	I	They nodded slowly and I gave them both a warm smile .
tr	I	It also looks really comfortable but it looks like it needs to be replaced .
tr	O	我们的故事很有趣，因为我们亲身经历过，并且 我们从中幸存下来。
tr	O	他慢跑到门廊，并且 他深吸一口气。
tr	I	The task wouldn 't be that difficult , but the light in the kitchen was poor .
tr	I	I didn 't feel as self-conscious as I usually did , but I was nak * d .
tr	O	那个男人年纪大得足以做她父亲，但是 她愿意不惜一切代价摆脱这个困境。
tr	O	我一直想研究它们，但是 我知道这永远不会发生。
tr	O	他数着呼吸以避免恐慌，但是 他的内脏颤抖得厉害，以至于疼痛。
tr	O	他把手插进牛仔裤口袋，当时我正在解锁车门，并且当我跳上驾驶座时，特伦顿皱起了眉。
tr	O	他开始起身，并且她摇了摇头，灰色的眼睛里闪烁着趣味。
tr	O	一声低吼从沙尔的喉咙里发出，并且他扔开了他的花剑。
tr	I	It 's fake , but I smile back .
tr	I	We all sat in a circle on my old lawn furniture , and I carried the drinks outside on a tray .
tr	I	She glared at me and her fangs came out .
tr	I	His laugh was deeper and his voice was deep .
tr	O	佩里缓慢地呼出一口气，并且他的注意力完全集中在我身上。
tr	O	科林很欣赏她讲真话的方式，但是只有以某种方式解读时，它才是真的。
tr	O	她不得不考虑其后果，并且她发现这些后果令人望而生畏。
tr	I	The Pack Weldon was scheduled to visit was just outside Tillamook , but we were spending the night in Portland .
tr	O	她没有出席彩排，并且她也不在婚礼队伍中。
tr	O	侦缉督察理查德·布莱克不喜欢被事件控制，并且他在此次的不满已接近危险级别。
tr	I	When we separated , she was crying and we stood like that in the path for a few minutes .
tr	I	She still hadn 't arrived , but she looked around for Gayle .
tr	O	这话被尽职地遵守了，并且这小公司收集了他们所抢救到的东西。
tr	I	Jones jerked violently and another shot rang out .
tr	I	I didn 't let it take me over , but a small , scared feeling quivered inside me .
tr	I	That was what had made him feel better , and it had to have been in the vitamins .
tr	O	保安队离开了，并且理查德把头埋在手里。
tr	O	看到他们的兄弟轻松一点是件好事，并且他们知道苔丝是他情绪好转的原因。
tr	O	我很生气你练习时拿走了我的手机，但是我理解。
tr	I	I caught him and Wesley tried to sneak away .
tr	I	Henry had come after her , but she began to understand what had been happening , her mind was slipping away , being consumed by the gate .
tr	O	克莱尔的人必须受到保护，或者他们现在不如逃跑。
tr	I	We knew better , but Colored folks blame everything on the Klan .
tr	I	He cupped my breast through my dress , and I slipped my hand under his t-shirt .
tr	I	He always answers when I call , but Hank might be working .
tr	O	她咬着下嘴唇，仿佛她突然紧张起来，但是他不相信。
tr	O	当一位手持手鼓的女性与他背靠背站着，并且面向舞台的另一侧。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了并且在他争辩之前，我继续说。
tr	I	Our look out on the roof can see them but they are hiding .
tr	O	她明天会到，并且明天晚上怎么也等不及了。
tr	I	Susannah thanked them with a curt nod and two men scooted down to make room .
tr	I	He leans his elbows on the table , and I sit back down .
tr	O	他比她年轻，并且他的心灵还在愈合。
tr	I	Warm blood still oozed through his fingers , but he pushed his hand against the wound .
tr	I	He cocks his head and his smile immediately fades .
tr	O	我看了看丽塔，然后又看了看墙，并且很快丽塔也转过头来看墙了。
tr	O	真菌已经吃掉了他们的眼睛，并且有时甚至吃掉了他们的脸。
tr	O	她的袖子湿了，并且她的鼻子堵塞了。
tr	I	Then something occurred to me , but I started to nod .
tr	I	She stopped talking into the phone and Marie 's eyes watched her closely .
tr	I	I 'm glad he did , and gramps wanted to take them .
tr	O	他笑了，并且听起来冷酷而没有幽默感。
tr	I	Her intuition was in excellent working order , but her mother might be experiencing memory problems .
tr	I	He saw two bloody knees peeking beneath a torn skirt and large brown eyes looked up at him .
tr	I	I was feeling anxious , and Sundown was minutes away .
tr	I	The city lights flickered in the distance and the drapes were open .
tr	O	那很美，并且它打动了她。
tr	O	他们搜寻了周围区域，但是周围已经一片寂静。
tr	O	孩子们想知道更多关于天使的事情，并且维丽娜给他们讲了天使造访地球的故事。
tr	I	I threw it across the room , and ~ Liv ~ The phone rang for the tenth time that morning .
tr	I	The future was never certain and there were always junctures though .
tr	O	他仍然在我身边，但是我们之间有一堵无形的墙，随着每一秒尴尬的过去，那堵墙砖块般地增高。
tr	I	Even if they were going slow , he was doing a fine job , and apparently he did know how to drive in this weather .
tr	O	他看不见，但是我想要他属于我。
tr	I	I closed my notebook , and I interrupted my grandfather as he was about to begin again from the beginning .
tr	O	周围有护士，但是没有人理会他。
tr	I	I was going out of my mind waiting , and he 's been gone more than 15 minutes .
tr	O	菲尔看到这一幕时倒吸了一口气，并且丽莎保持在附近。
tr	I	Toby jumped onto her lap , and she sat up .
tr	O	我不知道我是否领先足够多，但是我没有浪费任何时间去藏匿我偷来的车。
tr	O	他叹了口气，短暂地垂下浓密的睫毛，但是在我注意到他脸上掠过的痛苦表情之前，他并未完成此举。
tr	I	She 's keeping up this ridiculous facade , yet I 'm pissed because she 's actually scaring Charlie .
tr	I	Cas is yelling from the other room for us to hurry , but I look down at the pill , ready to debate the point .
tr	I	She wanted to object and he released her slowly .
tr	O	我把我的匡威鞋放在它们上面以防止板子飞走，但是幸运的是，他只拍上半身。
tr	I	He knew better , but he was tempted to believe the person had already run off .
tr	O	我试图隐藏我对她的真实感情，但是也许她已经看穿我了。
tr	O	你现在和我们一样了，并且那也没那么糟。
tr	O	她现在笨手笨脚地，匆忙地往两个杯子里倒满红色液体，并且她迅速把它们放在吧台前两个空座位上。
tr	O	她曾是一个甜美的姑娘，并且她有很多可以提供给男人。
tr	I	It was lost in the darkness , but Josephine gave him a disapproving look .
tr	O	香农问了，并且我点了点头。
tr	O	她无法影响他的多少冲力，但是她设法改变了他的路径，从而使剑没有碰到他。
tr	I	She had no choice , but it cost her to ask him .
tr	I	I walked quickly along the path , and my heart beat faster .
tr	O	她的表情变了，并且我能看出她正在沉思。
tr	O	这不是我正在寻找的答案，并且他知道这一点。
tr	O	这份工作填补了她内心的空虚，并且她欠了科琳一个巨大人情，因为她给了她这个机会。
tr	I	Section X continued operate behind the screen . and everyone accepted this smoke screen as the truth .
tr	O	他们都在不同的地方工作，并且他们都有着完全不同的生活。
tr	I	A man fell in and the door swung open .
tr	O	当我能抬头时，帕姆正坐在哈洛的胸口上，她的膝盖压住了哈洛的手臂，并且她正在微笑。
tr	I	Her fingers bit into the folder , and a different kind of heat invaded her veins .
tr	I	We 'd never have fit , or good thing Shannon was small .
tr	O	我看着我的工资单减少到几乎一无所有，并且我不到一分钟就出了门。
tr	I	His knife was deflected off to the left and there was a ping of metal hitting metal .
tr	I	I glanced away and my cheeks heated .
tr	O	我的手下都是专业的，并且他们没有等待进一步的背叛证据。
tr	I	I gave it a try anyway , but that was an exercise I struggled with even in the best of circumstances .
tr	I	I did , but I know you didn 't saw me cry .
tr	I	For a few minutes , they ate in companionable silence , and he picked up a slice .
tr	I	I turn to Jaxon as I pick up my jacket up off the floor in the corner of the garage and they start arguing .
tr	I	She couldn 't play an instrument and she wasn 't artistic .
tr	I	I giggled and he groaned .
tr	O	我们已经通知了你的教授你将不会上课，并且本周剩余时间你都不能再回到搏击场。
tr	O	她听见门开了，并且泰勒的头探了出来。
tr	O	他的妹妹当年没有死，但是她很快就会死去。
tr	O	他坐了下来，并且她坐在他对面的椅子上。
tr	O	笑容突然从瑞尔姆的脸上消失了，并且我看到刚才还在那里的血色褪去。
tr	O	最终谈话渐止，并且朱莉出现在阳台上。
tr	I	I didn 't really have control over that situation , but other than during my hospital stay a while back .
tr	I	Gandalf means me , and I am Gandalf !
tr	O	过去二十四小时是我生命中最奇怪的，但是我可以预见下周会打破这个记录。
tr	I	For some time she held herself aloof from the nearby throng , and an initial search for the hostess , however , proved fruitless .
tr	O	我试图奔跑，但是我的双腿似乎无法足够快地在水中推进。
tr	O	他气喘吁吁，但是他睁大的眼睛盯着他的朋友。
tr	O	对情况撒谎只会让我陷得更深，而且我本来就已经焦头烂额了。
tr	I	Once again it was more about his peace of mind , but the odds of something actually happening to her were slim .
tr	O	这没什么大不了的，而且如果真是那样，也许我们就不一起工作了。
tr	I	It was really good to be home but Chapter Nine I missed Jonathan like crazy .
tr	I	Now they 've proven to be violent , and you 're in the middle of two rich snobs .
tr	O	他提醒自己，没什么可期待的，但是某些身体部位似乎并不在意。
tr	O	他们俩都盯着我，并且我放下了我的叉子。
tr	I	She told me that Anthony was sleeping peacefully , and Chapter Fifteen I called my sister Mary Lou .
tr	I	It would have to do , but it was a bit lame .
tr	O	安娜的头循声猛地转过来，并且她皱眉看着他。
tr	I	The pigeons looked back at him , and Fat Charlie looked at the pigeons .
tr	O	他抓住了毛巾，并且她让他把毛巾拉走了。
tr	I	They attract all walks of life , but I don 't know if you 've ever been to a book signing .
tr	I	It 's right on the beach , but the house isn 't very big .
tr	O	约翰把他推开，并且他向后倒去，他的脚痛苦地扭在尖刺上。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我我说不出它们。
tr	O	格德挣扎着转身，但是他很高兴自己那样做了。
tr	O	杰伊掌握了所有信息，并且炼金术士会在更衣室与你见面。
tr	I	He would show them , but the other guys didn 't think he was as talented !
tr	O	它被说成是在美丽的天空中，但是它不是。
tr	I	A thick black moustache outlines his huge smile and his jet black hair is speckled with gray .
tr	I	Then soon there was an immense chorus of wailing girls , and then we heard a girl shout out , then another .
tr	O	这足以欺骗他人，但是它实际上并不是一个完整的班次。
tr	O	她没有，并且他知道。
tr	O	我小心翼翼地坐在她旁边，并且达克斯跪了下来。
tr	I	She placed her fingers over his lips , and he opened his mouth .
tr	O	她可能改变了比赛，但是我们仍然是最强的玩家。
tr	O	去年年底我们失去了很多高年级学生，但是新来的大一新生们真的表现得很出色。
tr	I	I made myself keep the smile on my face , rather than wincing from the pain , and he awkwardly put his arm around me .
tr	O	政府提高了恐怖警报，并且现在每个人都疯了。
tr	O	她没有睡着，但是她假装睡着了。
tr	I	All the hair on his head seemed to stand up at the mention of the name Rowan and Marwan felt shivers down his spine again .
tr	O	我把手滑到他胸前，并且向上轻柔地环住他的脖子。
tr	I	He actually talked to her and which could work in her favor , if it put Clay at ease .
tr	O	他的命运已定，并且他也接受了。
tr	I	He doesn 't , but I flinch , half expecting him to hurt me here .
tr	O	他有着令人印象深刻的犯罪记录，身负州级指控，并且另一项起诉很可能会让他回到监狱。
tr	I	He tried never to do anything that would make national news , and that meant for the most part he stayed away from politics .
tr	I	I just looked at him and we sat in a back patio were we could smoke .
tr	O	力量从未如此强大，但是它确实会发生。
tr	O	索耶瞪大的眼睛与我的目光相遇了一秒，并且她把手放在我背上，问我怎么了。
tr	I	It wasn 't that forever kind of love , but sure , I loved your daddy .
tr	I	Wynn got better answers , but Cori received mostly grunts from Winkler 's bodyguard .
tr	I	She didn 't know where she was , and she couldn 't see anything , not even her hand in front of her face .
tr	O	当她转过身时，格雷正挡在门口，并且他的眼神中毫无稚气。
tr	O	我不知道她从哪里弄来这些东西，但是她总能找到适合节日的东西。
tr	O	也许他是对的，但是他却不想解释他已经挥霍掉了他们为这份工作拿到的大部分预付款。
tr	O	不，我需要继续前进，并且我需要想办法带他一起走。
tr	O	该死，我不知道，但是我明天要去问伏尔坎。
tr	O	哈罗德预料到房间里有些人不会帮忙，但是他很高兴他们至少保持了沉默。
tr	I	He didn 't laugh at the sound , and Ethan heard them .
tr	O	我把闹钟设在晚上九点，并且我醒来时感觉休息得很好。
tr	I	Boundless hope , and the hero searches for his one true love -- tirelessly , with determination .
tr	O	他们绝望地喊叫着，但是他继续前进……慢慢地。
tr	O	足够长时间去见我弟弟，然后我就会上路。
tr	I	He sounds normal and he looks normal .
tr	O	那就像一个拳头挤压着我的内脏，并且我感到很冷，即使太阳正炽烤着我。
tr	I	Then she stopped , but she tilted her head slightly as if to agree .
tr	O	我把手按在他的额头上，并且果不其然，他发着高烧。
tr	O	我不想给他们一个肯定的答复，但是我知道这将是一个相当容易的决定。
tr	I	That confused her , and she felt close to Jason just then , closer than she had to anyone .
tr	I	I don 't stop , but she calls after me .
tr	I	His face was terrible and his eyes glowed green .
tr	O	我对接下来会发生什么心里有数，并且我的嘴巴干了。
tr	I	It got stuck , but I drew in a breath .
tr	O	这是个大新闻，并且莎莉很喜欢这种大新闻。
tr	O	同时，它们加速了他头痛的搏动，并且这提醒了他自己被下了药。
tr	O	他体内正在发生着什么，并且这种疼痛是他从未感受过的。
tr	O	树木折断了，并且巨石碎裂了。
tr	O	她拨通了布朗尼的电话，并且他在第一声铃响时就接了。
tr	O	她透过泪湿的睫毛回望着他愤怒的脸，并且当他准备好剑时，她后退了一步，放下了武器。
tr	I	It should tie her over for a while , but she may need to come back for fresher items .
tr	I	We were both sweating and our breathing was stuttered .
tr	I	He set up a fake account , but Would have gotten away with it too .
tr	O	她的柔美此刻如梦似幻，并且性感至极。
tr	O	海伦结了账，而且他们艰难地走了出去。
tr	O	他仔细检查了艾萨克脖子的右侧，并且未发现伤势，便转向了左侧。
tr	O	当我开球时，球在桌上四处滑动，并且艾莉走了过来，同时克里斯托弗开始打他的第一杆。
tr	I	Once it was ready , we both ate like it was our last meal , and the food couldn 't cook fast enough for us .
tr	O	咖啡店本来也不错，而且那会是我请客。
tr	I	She appeared to search for someone and confusion was etched on her face .
tr	I	I don 't flinch , and storm gives my shoulder an affectionate squeeze .
tr	O	帕奇停好了他的摩托车，而且我们俩都跳了下来。
tr	I	It worried me that something might be really wrong , and Mrs. Cook was one of my favorite teachers .
tr	I	She was more fearful of believing the warning , but it had been a tough life for her .
tr	O	杰克认出了其中一人，但是他有了一个新问题。
tr	O	当我到达他的大学校园时，已将近午夜，并且我知道他可能已经睡了。
tr	I	There was no reason to hurry , but a taxi would get her there quicker .
tr	O	我不是那些东西的专家，但是它看起来非常像另一辆悍马。
tr	I	He held his tongue even though the suspense was killing him but he almost said , ' yes , what is it ' .
tr	O	我可能应该给他打电话的，但是我没有。
tr	I	Only an idiot would cross him right now , and he was a big bundle of irritated energy .
tr	O	我们去了弗朗西斯卡的房间，并且我快速地敲了敲门。
tr	O	我们这样游了一会儿，并且我好奇我们正在岛下多远的地方前行。
tr	O	我的灯关了，并且我的被子盖着。
tr	O	细节的液体已经蒸发了，然而结晶的记忆依然存在。
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen , but the table had been set for two .
tr	I	She was too nervous but she wrapped her cold , shaking fingers around the coffee cup in front of her , trying to gain some warmth .
tr	I	They were an absorbing departure from her accustomed focus on politics , and these documents were her past .
tr	I	I knew Blaire was her best friend , but I wouldn 't have told just anyone .
tr	I	Her throat burned and she was thirsty .
tr	O	她本能地转身寻找乔纳斯，但是她在走廊里找不到他。
tr	O	他们有枪，而且我们没有。
tr	I	I got my first look at our surroundings , and he helped me up to a sitting position .
tr	O	薇薇安那时笑了，并且紧张感从苏珊娜的肩胛骨之间消散了。
tr	I	The sun was shining and Spring was here .
tr	I	I have plenty of antenna parts , and the camera can rotate 360 degrees .
tr	I	She wasn 't , but he was used to the deep shadows cast by the lantern .
tr	O	这听起来很棒，而且你也知道。
tr	O	他们制定愚蠢的规则，并且他们让我们遵守它们。
tr	O	纳什的手托住我的后颈，并且他把脸凑近我的脸，在我胸口仍剧烈咳嗽时，他保持着不动。
tr	I	The lights blinked off and Luna Park grew quiet .
tr	O	四个小时过去了，并且我正坐在谢伯特警探的办公室里。
tr	O	当他倾向她时，他的声音很高，并且她尽她所能地抱紧了他。
tr	I	She 'd rather forget about the entire night , and she 'd told him she 'd made a mistake .
tr	I	I refused to look at the mirror again , but he managed to keep us from hitting the floor .
tr	I	I decided that cards seemed more fun when you were drunk , and Carly had opted to come back to our place .
tr	I	Some of the ridges were still there , but Nicolas had managed to reduce the scarring .
tr	I	Maybe when she came back to visit her sister , she could see Paul , too , and she 'd go on her way .
tr	O	如果杰基没能做到，我似乎也不可能做到什么，但是我必须尝试。
tr	O	她刚把布弄湿，那熟悉的柠檬味就升起，像一个好客的主人一样迎接她，并且她深吸了一口气。
tr	I	They moved to the shelter airlock and one of them took his pistol .
tr	I	It 's so quiet out here that I can hear his tail cutting through the air and beast is walking behind us .
tr	I	She sensed him close by , and Jacques ' voice was firm .
tr	O	他已经学会了耐心，并且他打算尽可能地利用这一点来满足他扭曲的享受。
tr	I	My actions jolt my staring companions into awareness , and I sink my blade into the nearest one .
tr	O	他们没走多远，并且霍克再次清醒了，尽管他会不惜一切代价永久摆脱这种状态。
tr	I	The door edged open , and Max waited for a moment , then knocked again , a bit harder .
tr	I	They are communing with the Fates and I 've called in the Oracles .
tr	I	He gave an imperceptible nod of understanding and Meredith 's gaze flew to Matt 's .
tr	I	His eyes widened and he looked at our hands .
tr	I	He was , but Boys aren 't supposed to be beautiful .
tr	O	他对我眨了眨眼，并且我回以微笑。
tr	O	我不确定是什么驱使我那样说，但是我不得不说些什么。
tr	O	我的胃猛地一沉，并且在那些话还没说出口之前我就意识到，我不会欢迎他们即将揭露的事情。
tr	I	She wipes at her eyes and I look down at her .
tr	I	The tall sheer cliffs were approaching and the harbour was now well behind .
tr	O	几个人承认他们以前是无神论者，但是现在，出于某种原因，他们不是了。
tr	I	I didn 't want to stand between that and I thought you may still be in love with her .
tr	O	你的心已经表明了，并且无论他是谁，它都想要这个男人。
tr	O	艾娃的回合同样受欢迎，并且接着就到了和吉米谈话的时候。
tr	O	她脑中一个小小的声音低语说这太疯狂了，但是简却不会阻止他。
tr	O	在我看来，爱她似乎是他唯一的过错，并且我的一部分希望死的是她。
tr	O	哈拉尔德大喊，并且我们也喊了。
tr	O	他用现金支付了他的牧场，并且这甚至没有让他的账户有丝毫减少。
tr	O	传来一声闷响，并且电梯轻轻晃动了一下。
tr	O	我试图挣脱他的束缚，但是他身手敏捷，如同他的高大一般。
tr	O	爱德华笑了，仿佛我是一个孩子，并且他可以为所欲为。
tr	O	我被释放时，脸上绽放笑容，并且接着更多骚动爆发了。
tr	O	这是一个小场地，并且人群开始涌动。
tr	O	他不知道自己是怎么做到的，但是这总是在战斗最绝望、别无他法的时候发生。
tr	I	I shook my head and Zane winked at me .
tr	I	The king nodded , and she asked that .
tr	I	Then Karin joined , and the spotlight found Natalia .
tr	I	The sight of his long , lean fingers performing the simple task fascinated her , and he was buttoning his shirt .
tr	I	I look at Liz , hoping that she would think of something since my mind has gone blank and he asks .
tr	O	他的朋友们试图向杰克解释游戏规则，但是他几乎没怎么注意。
tr	O	警察跟着他回到了手术室，并且他被铐在了担架上。
tr	I	She fell asleep soon and she was deeply tired .
tr	I	His throat hurt worse than if it had been attacked with sandpaper and his tongue was thick .
tr	I	I peered through the hole , recognizing the two reporters and I jumped as someone pounded the door .
tr	O	撇开腿伤不谈，她知道彼得·鲍恩让受害者陷入了数月的绝望，并且她想让他也受苦。
tr	I	His qualifications in alien stuff were real enough as well and he had given his real name as far as they were able to judge .
tr	I	She was so thirsty , but she wanted to refuse .
tr	I	We were trying to make it work , but she was much too big for my body .
tr	O	卢修斯的眉毛因好奇而皱起，但是德文没有解释。
tr	I	He 'd prefer it be on better terms , but not that he minded her in his arms .
tr	I	Her replies were less than enthusiastic , and the messages they 'd read were all about what he wanted to do to her ... all night long .
tr	O	她的眼中有一种受过惊吓的神情，并且我想再次把她拉到我身边。
tr	O	坎贝尔在胜利中表现得风度翩翩，他也有这个资本，但是这并没有收回他们之间发生过的一切。
tr	O	几乎立刻它就被扼住了，并且她默默地站在他面前，凝视着。
tr	O	韦斯特首先走出我卧室的门，并且伊桑跟着。
tr	I	A rested horse is faster , but wolves are fast .
tr	I	You didn 't even try , but the truth may have won me over in the beginning .
tr	O	她那辆爆胎的自行车躺在车库里，并且她讨厌走路。
tr	I	He felt his smile widening , and Caleb 's gaze slipped over to Carlotta .
tr	I	Liz instantly appeared in front of me , blocking my path , but I turned away , started back to the road .
tr	I	Here it was , yet it was impossible .
tr	O	甜美的气味让我的胃痛，但是我坚持我的决心。
tr	O	她回应了他的微妙命令，并且毫无预警地，她开口说话了。
tr	O	我不知道，并且我也无法查明。
tr	O	你开了一个愚蠢的小玩笑，并且他们总是大发雷霆。
tr	I	We descended the stairs , and I took a deep breath .
tr	O	他们走回了房子，但是亚伯却不进去。
tr	I	They could clearly see the dark green mountains to the north now , and the country became more rolling .
tr	I	Maybe her recent bitchiness was a sign of frustration , but he almost reconsidered what he was going to do .
tr	O	追踪者几乎确切地知道我们在哪里，并且我们的气味会直接把它引到我们这里。
tr	I	My breath left me but I didn 't move .
tr	O	她的嘴微微张开，但是没有发出任何声音。
tr	O	太多的事情正在发生，而且它们发生得太快了。
tr	O	显然，有某种和身体大小差不多的东西包裹在里面，并且我确信那是马克·卡普兰。
tr	I	It might be best if we could ride over in his pickup , and I explain that my little Audi is in bad need of service .
tr	O	他饿极了，并且当他想到原因时，他对自己笑了笑。
tr	O	它在我周围旋转，几乎像一层有形的薄雾，而且那并不令人愉快。
tr	I	After I put on the uniform I felt a rush , and I took a quick shower .
tr	O	我很快就要二十一岁了，但是没有他，这一切都毫无意义。
tr	O	除了索菲亚，其余的姐妹们都打着哈欠跟着她，并且大家决定确实该睡觉了。
tr	O	气息卡在每个吸血鬼的喉咙里，并且你可以感觉到希望像一朵云般在我们周围的空气中形成。
tr	I	I could help him get to know Cole , but I couldn 't take away Jacob 's pain .
tr	O	赞恩撞到了她，并且他们开始坠落。
tr	O	他越过我，望向天空，并且我知道他看到了什么。
tr	O	你救不了这些城镇，并且你考虑这件事简直是疯了。
tr	I	His body stilled and it was then his head came up .
tr	I	She didn 't want him to run off , but she couldn 't let herself want a relationship with Jude Southerland .
tr	O	她说她能看出我跟他有多么般配，并且她欢迎我加入这个家庭。
tr	O	然后她想知道最后一个和他同床共枕的女人是谁，并且嫉妒灼烧着她，夹杂着痛苦。
tr	O	他们散发着一种特定的和谐气息，并且这就是为什么我认为他们不会伤害我们，即使我可能误解了关于这个节日的事情。
tr	O	她本以为罗伊的笑容不可能再咧得更开，但是它做到了。
tr	I	She still went by Madison , but her identity card said she was now Meredith Turner .
tr	O	自从他上次擒抱以来，已经将近二十年了，但是你永远不会失去这项技能。
tr	O	简病得很重，而且她无法和坦纳做太多事情。
tr	O	刮起了风，把所有人都赶进了帐篷，并深入睡袋的温暖之中。
tr	I	I laughed , and he shrugged .
tr	O	本喊道，并且瞬间两个表兄弟就藏在了大教堂的门后。
tr	O	杰夫紧随其后，并且在他跳进去的时候，他设法抓住了她的腿，以免她获得任何动力。
tr	O	他迅速移动，并且她的心跳得更快了。
tr	I	I was pretty sure I knew why , but I was surprised that they intrigued me so much .
tr	I	It still fit well , especially with her recent growth spurt , but her black knit dress wasn 't fancy .
tr	I	I can only hope she hasn 't run off somewhere else and I left Miya in a library .
tr	O	她给了他一个无助的眼神，但是他保持着坚忍的表情。
tr	I	I can see your question but we can 't be heard .
tr	O	自从飞机失事以来，我早已习惯了噩梦，但是我明白今晚会充满比平时更多的。
tr	O	那个哀号者的夜视眼睁到了最大，并且他感觉自己会淹没在它们流动的光芒中。
tr	I	He 'd had to do it for survival , but his eyes had a haunted look as he spoke about what he 'd done .
tr	O	当她移动时，他们的目光相遇，并且他不让她移开视线。
tr	I	Her nose scrunched and it was clear she didn 't like this because her face went hard .
tr	O	他是一个知道自己想要什么的人，并且现在他想要她。
tr	I	I gave him a death stare and Barry was rolling his eyes again .
tr	O	如果他写日记，她找不到，并且她也找不到任何其他手稿，因为读者不也常常是作家吗？
tr	I	No sound came out , but Seth 's mouth moved .
tr	O	墙边有长椅，并且其中两面墙上有四个篮球筐。
tr	I	I tuned back in and Rob had started talking again .
tr	O	她不相信你和戴蒙逃跑了。
tr	I	The other political leaders are outraged but at least Cagney ´ s trying .
tr	O	足够大到可以自己小便了，但是她理解母亲的担忧。
tr	O	他没有试图隐藏他的鳃，并且他的瞳孔变成了狭缝状。
tr	I	Oh , her cheeks were hot now , but she asked .
tr	I	John joined them and the door opened .
tr	I	She guessed that the end of her friend 's search was near , and Everything was beginning to add up for Carolyn .
tr	I	He smiled at her , and she looked at Shawn .
tr	I	At the time it seemed smart , but I could have come up with a better suggestion .
tr	O	他用拇指抚摸着她光裸的背，并且她颤抖了一下。
tr	O	我伸手去亲吻他，并且他把我拉进怀里。
tr	I	I 'm enough of a liability for him , and we haven 't talked since he found out about the letters .
tr	I	Him eager to leave on Tuesday night and it was the same voice that had sent the waiter scuttling over .
tr	I	I blocked them with my will alone , holding them in place , but two attempted to run .
tr	I	A lone woman could enjoy a quiet drink without being hassled and in this bar a man could relax .
tr	O	我们继续走着，并且最终我们发现自己身处一大群人中间。
tr	O	他只想要她靠近，并且留下。
tr	I	Then you 'd have to drink their blood , and they 'd have to bite you .
tr	I	We exited the car and I nodded at her .
tr	I	I was alone and the door closed .
tr	I	She touched her trembling lips and now tears filled her eyes .
tr	O	房间里有两个科学家在研究什么东西，并且他们不理会我们。
tr	O	他首先注意到的是尼克不爽的表情，并且只要看一眼他的头发，就很容易明白为什么了。
tr	O	我的屁股冻僵了，并且我的腿因为长时间坐在冰冷的地板上而酸痛。
tr	O	她依偎得更近了，并且他开始重新考虑让她在他大腿上动来动去是否明智。
tr	I	He looked away and Aiden 's lips pursed .
tr	I	The last traces of sunlight ebbed away across the landscape , and Time got lost as the dark gathered in around her .
tr	I	His legs kick restlessly beneath her and taking him to that deep place inside her that made his head thrash .
tr	I	My hips moved of their own volition , craving more of his touch , and his fingers pulsed , sliding across my clit with increasing frequency .
tr	I	My hands were shaking with anger , and Garrick 's words had sunk under my skin , festering .
tr	O	她大部分时间可能选择与家人分开居住，但是她却希望他们在她身边。
tr	I	I had those bills on my desk , but I wouldn 't have charged her anything .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I knew what to do with it and there had been little joy in my life for a while .
tr	O	当我们到达安全区边缘时，树木变得更加稀疏，并且区域也更明亮。
tr	O	我仍然有点虚弱，但是我正在尽力在床上做力所能及的事情。
tr	I	She did not answer and she did not pick up the phone .
tr	I	It infuriates me and he barely flinches .
tr	O	我们谁也没说什么，但是我们都知道事实。
tr	O	看他给鸡放血是一回事，并且那相当不血腥。
tr	I	She did truly appear worn and he gazed at her across the campfire .
tr	I	We walked to the house , and when the sun fell behind the trees along the river , my mother found me .
tr	I	His body was relaxed , rippling with power , and his hands were loose at his sides .
tr	O	我身体僵硬了一下，并且她松开了我。
tr	O	我不指望你还会再次信任我，但是我感到很抱歉。
tr	O	如果有什么变得太难承受，你就说红色，并且我们就会停下来。
tr	I	I lay on the floor , and finally the world stopped spinning .
tr	I	Four soldiers hovered behind him , and a crewman led the way .
tr	I	Even the gods would bow before us , and we would then sit on the thrones .
tr	I	She remembered , and that fast .
tr	I	It was in the stores but George had found a niche for himself .
tr	I	He knew they were death spasms , but Guillaume 's body was still moving .
tr	I	She strained to hear him and his voice was barely audible .
tr	O	有一天它可能会跃升为小说，但是我将依靠你告诉我它是否值得这样的考虑。
tr	O	他的头没有怎么流血，但是他的鼻子在流血。
tr	I	The loss of a sip of blood wouldn 't affect her , and all the material she 'd read had told her it didn 't hurt badly .
tr	I	The soiled straw could be cleaned up with a lift of the shovel and thankfully he was in the stables .
tr	I	Since her divorce , she knew men were strictly off limits for the rest of her life and she knew the score all right .
tr	O	她想离开他，但是她却不敢。
tr	O	玛丽以前只感受过自己手指带来的愉悦，并且现在她正在感受齐克能为她做什么。
tr	O	他的眼睛暗了下来，但是他却移开了视线。
tr	I	It had grown in the last ten minutes and it appeared as though this was the only fruit on the tree .
tr	I	It felt like the air in the room had disappeared and the clock chirped at midnight .
tr	O	我尚未体验过阳光照在我新生的不朽皮肤上，但是我却被充分警告过烧伤会很快发生。
tr	O	史黛西再次伸手抓我，但是我 G已经太远了。
tr	O	它从钉子上松脱了，并且它隐藏地垂挂在一棵矮小的树后面。
tr	O	警长派阿加莎去她家取玛吉房门的钥匙，但是他不想让阿加莎参与他的调查。
tr	O	弗兰基脸上的兴奋劲全没了，并且她盯了我一眼。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I could tell he hadn 't showered today .
tr	O	这个答案起初让艾玛感到困惑，但是她突然明白了贝丝的意思。
tr	O	如果他一直待在床上会是最好的，但是菲南却下定决心，正如拉夫所知他会做的那样。
tr	O	她手中的拉线器向他挥去，并且她随后尖叫着向后倒进围栏。
tr	I	He couldn 't erase the images emblazoned on his mind : Dallas soaking the sheets with a raging fever , but he struggled to pull himself together .
tr	I	One was bad , and one was good .
tr	O	坚定立场感觉很好，但是我确实想和他们把事情解决。
tr	O	我们走到他的卡车旁，并且他把我放在乘客座位上。
tr	O	暴风雨把我们从田地里赶走，并且凉爽的天气值得好好品味。
tr	I	Everyone was ill-tempered and nerves were jumbled .
tr	I	For her , the jury was in , but she still didn 't know how he saw their relationship .
tr	I	The central station in The Hague was massive , but it was a short ride with several stops .
tr	O	我走向她，但是她推开了我的手。
tr	I	Lea stopped her , but Julie didn 't have a problem paying , so she started to take her wallet out .
tr	O	人类紧张起来，但是肖恩只是掏出了手机。
tr	O	她可能希望我从未存在，但是她是我的唯一救赎。
tr	I	A shape appears in the doorway before I get anywhere near but I inch towards the stairs .
tr	O	礼仪要求我伸出手，但是那人显然是想找茬。
tr	O	她可能是调情玩笑的高手，但是她的技能仅限于此。
tr	I	I read your classified advertisement in the Philadelphia Inquirer seeking a wife to help raise your three children and my name is Abigail Mary Vaughn .
tr	I	One is the prey and one is the hunter .
tr	I	His encouragement made me want to move on but I still felt tired .
tr	I	It wouldn 't actually kill her but he 'd just snap her neck .
tr	I	Savannah had promised to pick me up at the airport before bringing me to Lenoir to meet her parents , and it was a Friday evening .
tr	O	她开始告诉他不要这么咄咄逼人，但是芬打断了她。
tr	I	I knew he would just be a distraction , but he wanted to go back with me .
tr	O	我想借故回到我的房间，但是我的母亲又开始谈论“计划”了。
tr	O	他浅色的头发现在颜色更偏银而非黄褐色，而且他眼睛下方的黑眼圈也更明显了。
tr	O	我以前面对过他的愤怒，而且那可不好看。
tr	O	在他把它丢下之前，我看到了他左手里银刀闪烁的光芒，而且我的心跳停了一秒。
tr	O	她倒抽一口冷气，而且他重新面向前方。
tr	O	打了几通电话，而且演出就预订好了。
tr	O	他仍然在揉搓那只大狗的毛，但是他的脸上不再仅仅是快乐。
tr	O	他们再次走向他们的卡车，但是这一次他们总算进去了。
tr	I	Now Rigel spoke up , but Mr. Stuart was still shaking his head .
tr	I	A panic would settle in my lungs , and Extra heartbeats would thump in my chest .
tr	O	我想他要么是想要轮到自己，要么是想让他们闭嘴，我从来都不知道。
tr	O	多数女性做筹款工作，但是一些男性也参与。
tr	O	也许一个热水澡能让我放松，并且我能更清楚地回忆起细节。
tr	I	Everyone else looked like the weight of the world had vanished , but the next steps of the plan left my stomach in knots .
tr	I	Even if she were , she couldn 't have been much help against these odds , and Skye was in no condition to fight .
tr	O	我四处寻找特里斯坦，但是出于某种原因，他不在那里。
tr	O	一股电流滑入他体内，但是他没有抽身离开。
tr	O	我被这里风寒效应的强烈程度所震撼，并且我意识到我根本不知道现在是什么季节。
tr	I	She could use the time to lie down for a little while , and her knee ached .
tr	I	Before I could talk myself out of it I had to find out and a thought occurred to me , an ugly , horrible , awful thought .
tr	I	Greg was right , and Julie couldn 't take another lecture .
tr	O	他们仍然没有让他吃任何固体食物，并且他渴望一杯咖啡。
tr	I	The driver took no notice but I flashed my lights .
tr	O	鲁珀特也沉默不语，并且她能看到他脸上的困惑。
tr	O	我在那里，但是我只是摆设。
tr	I	I really have changed , and maybe Anne was right .
tr	O	由于他背着光，她看不清他的五官，但是他的眼睛闪烁着无法掩饰的饥渴。
tr	O	我给他带来了那么多快乐，并且在那一刻，我感到很特别。
tr	O	泰迪意识到灯光在跟他玩耍，并且他笑了。
tr	I	He wouldn 't go that far but he could lie .
tr	O	我喝了一杯啤酒，快速地喝着，几乎尝不出味道，并且那时我感到准备好去看看和我在一起的人了。
tr	O	安娜会及时明白的，并且她并不孤单。
tr	O	我对她笑了笑，但是她已经陷入沉思，环顾着图书馆，仿佛那里藏着我们所有问题的答案。
tr	O	她体内的肌肉收紧了，并且格雷更用力地将臀部压向她，几乎把她从他腿上抬了起来。
tr	I	She took a hasty step back and the other woman 's eyes rounded .
tr	I	He still failed to turn aside the armies of the Romans , yet he had access to all the wisdom we could offer .
tr	O	他的手指在我身上弯曲，并且借此作为动力，我左右摇摆着我的臀部。
tr	O	她想着要去问她他是否已经离开了，但是她觉得她并不真正需要知道。
tr	I	How much we studied , who we were allowed to date , even the foods we were allowed to eat and he dictated what .
tr	O	他们信任我来领导，但是我不信任我自己。
tr	I	He 'd actually seemed to be surprised by the development , and Tristan had told him the reason why we were there .
tr	I	Under the circumstances , of course , it had been deserted , but it led off the balcony .
tr	I	I didn 't have to , but I didn 't want to admit I was afraid to go back there alone .
tr	I	It was dimmed by my intense urgency , but I felt anger towards Ollie again .
tr	O	我在她目光中发现的同情令人震惊，并且我吸了一口气。
tr	O	我的眉毛皱到一起，并且我从他手中拿走了罐子，把它放在窗台上。
tr	I	I stepped closer again , and he tilted his head , listening .
tr	O	他关掉了点火开关，并且我们下了车。
tr	O	他的瞳孔放大直到他的眼睛里只剩下一丝颜色，并且房间里的温度骤降。
tr	I	Knowing she had no other choice if she wanted to live , but Dahlia nodded , not certain she was .
tr	I	We can 't trust him , but Max hasn 't said a word yet .
tr	O	我要结婚了，并且她是我的母亲。
tr	O	她的眼睛是黑色的，并且她的嘴唇肿胀。
tr	O	那人拍了拍他的肩膀，并且他转过身。
tr	I	That includes your utilities and I pay for your apartment .
tr	I	She knows it and I could etch glass with it now .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure , but I wanted to say yes .
tr	I	I will give you an old body , an old woman and you will understand the speech of this other place .
tr	O	希拉向杰瑞倾诉，告诉了他几乎所有的事情，但是她真正的任务是她不愿意与任何人分享的。
tr	O	他的声音是一种温柔的恳求，并且尽管她多想给他他想要的一切，她却不能在这件事上退缩。
tr	O	我被邀请了，但是我妈妈好心地告诉了他们，我近期不会踏出这所房子一步。
tr	O	他拍了拍我的肩膀，并且当这个动作导致一股剧痛穿过我的臀部时，我稍微抽搐了一下。
tr	I	Soon darkness would crash all around me , and the suns rays were getting weaker .
tr	O	克莱尔得知俄亥俄州公开持枪是合法的，但是你最好不要这样做。
tr	O	维尼的手拂过显示屏，并且一组展示丰满乳沟的照片拼贴出现在屏幕上。
tr	O	她浓密卷曲的头发松散地披在肩上，并且我很惊讶她的发量竟然有这么多。
tr	O	兄弟般的，纳什知道，但是这仍然让他咬牙切齿。
tr	O	贵族们笑了，并且场景消失了。
tr	O	我注意到她们，甚至可能欣赏她们的容貌，但是对我来说只有一个女人。
tr	I	It isn 't true , but he even believes that .
tr	O	厌恶的神情浮现在她的脸上，并且艾米丽羞愧地转过身。
tr	I	He was too distracted to tell , but it could have been pretty .
tr	O	他明白她的不安全感源于何处，但是对他而言那简直是荒谬可笑的。
tr	I	How conveniently , unemployment is down by 0.7 % , the lowest value in the last nine months , and New unemployment figures came out today .
tr	O	罗姆人会立刻察觉到有异样的人出现在这个地区，并且他们会密切关注危险。
tr	I	Samantha said that apparently her bin at home was full of wrappers , but I never actually saw her with a chocolate bar in her mouth .
tr	I	With no success , Carmine killed himself but Carmina did not give up the persuasion .
tr	O	他说他会夺走你的梦想，并且既然他已经摧毁了我的，我不能让他的力量那么做。
tr	I	I could tell it was an off day , but chapter 18 If my unease came through during rehearsal , Gabby didn 't say anything .
tr	O	是的，它有足够的重量足以击晕一个人，但是她仍需先从衣柜里出来。
tr	O	他听过新闻里人们谈论债务时用到这个词，但是他从未真正理解这个词的意义。
tr	O	麦特正在告诉他一些事情，并且凯兰正和他一起笑。
tr	O	我们都投票决定谁赢得了每场辩论，并且输家必须喝一杯杜松子酒。
tr	O	安德里亚向他弓起身，她自己的高潮攫住了她，但是肖恩从不想停止。
tr	I	We 're all connected , and there are unpaired , nomadic unicorns all over .
tr	I	If I were to choose one this one would be near the bottom of the list but I didn 't normally hang in alleys .
tr	O	嘎嘎声再次响起，像罐子里的豆子，并且夏娃皱起了眉。
tr	I	It was useless , but Michael made one last pathetic attempt to break free .
tr	O	那个声音类似于石头落下的声音，并且它在整个房间里回荡。
tr	I	The room warmed until Ainsley was sweating , and the fire built .
tr	O	迪伊盯着我，并且她接着摇了摇头。
tr	I	Stephen comes over , this time carrying a flat , square box wrapped in silver paper , and he lifts his hand .
tr	I	If it pleased God he 'd have a new teacher , and he had journeyed far .
tr	O	那个男人确实很会说话，而且她一直喜欢会说话的男人。
tr	O	不过，实在无法预测他们会在哪里，而且我通常都太晚了。
tr	O	唯一的噪音来自加油站的收音机喇叭，并且它调到老歌台，播放着轻柔的音乐。
tr	O	她在房子周围走动，但是没有人。
tr	I	Some delicious fragrances beckoned him toward the snack bar , but Trevor smelled no people .
tr	I	Still unconscious , he grabbed his head in agony , and David felt the pain too .
tr	I	His eyes met mine , and he laid his head against my stomach .
tr	O	他并不害怕，但是一股强烈的孤独感充斥着他。
tr	O	我们在阴影中悄悄地走着，并且亚历山大额外紧地握了握我的手。
tr	O	我想知道茱莉亚今晚是否会给我打电话，并且我想知道她是否会有一个不同的借口。
tr	O	当她这样做时，他的眼睛猛地睁开，并且他稍稍后退。
tr	O	几个月来一直追逐着我的疲劳如潮水般袭来，并且我越陷越深，越沉越远。
tr	I	The king didn 't blame him , and clearly there was a prisoner outside who was less than confident in the king 's justice .
tr	O	他给了我一个了然的眼神，并且我暗自记下稍后要感谢他。
tr	I	There was no denying the magnetic attraction she worked on him , and he found himself intensely aware that she was a woman .
tr	I	She left the room without seeing the disappointment on Mike 's face , and Kelly said .
tr	I	He 'd soundproofed his quarters , but no doubt the casino below him was still in full swing .
tr	I	They were wiping down all the surfaces in the room , and the men were back now .
tr	I	The man 's base was solid , but he tried to spin around , throw the man off balance .
tr	O	她惊呆于激情在他们之间爆发得如此之快，一个吻，他们就倒在了床上。
tr	I	She laughed again as we walked into the dining room and he whispered something I couldn 't hear .
tr	I	He nodded , and I said .
tr	O	我太老了，并且我没有时间，无法再重新书写她的美丽。
tr	I	He 'd be at his destination and a couple more blocks .
tr	I	You got the feeling such minor mishaps were an all too frequent source of irritation and Bob rolled his eyes .
tr	O	我的手机又震动了，但是我忽略了它。
tr	I	I see the look for what it truly is , and he looks up at her again .
tr	I	He didn 't back down , so she finally took it , but she glared at him for a moment .
tr	O	她又看了卡迈恩一眼，好像她期待他能救她，但是他却无能为力。
tr	O	一条广告横幅远远地拖在飞机后面，但是我从下面看不清上面写了什么。
tr	I	Liam answered without ever taking his eyes off mine , and someone asked .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure how , but he wanted to comfort her .
tr	O	当我的手机响起来并且我看到特丽莎的名字弹出来时，我皱了皱眉。
tr	O	还要注意到在后两张照片中窗玻璃上有一滴水，并且它在不同的位置。
tr	I	It wasn 't , but it should have been awkward .
tr	I	He couldn 't identify it , but he knew what that was .
tr	I	Horror replaces it , her eyes going wide as if she suddenly realizes what she just said and her amusement melts away .
tr	I	It might not , and Employment might come later .
tr	O	我低声说，并且她略带警惕地耸了耸肩，依旧微笑着。
tr	I	That 's far from ever happening , but I would give anything for an hour of peaceful sleep right now .
tr	O	安娜贝尔自从听到火警就一直在喊叫，但是现在她安静了。
tr	O	那是一场公平的交易，并且你本该对你穿什么礼服有发言权，就像我一样。
tr	I	With the proposal he had made to me , or I don 't know if more confounded about Joseph 's imminent predicament .
tr	O	从未有人为她那样奋斗过，并且这种努力使她变得更强，让她觉得自己无坚不摧。
tr	O	我本会向你道歉，但是我没有看到有这个必要。
tr	I	If I thought about it , I wouldn 't do it at all but I wasn 't .
tr	O	我的问题之后是长时间的沉默，而且我知道我不会喜欢那个答案。
tr	I	She buried her face into my chest and tears began to flow .
tr	O	杰克现在在她另一边并正在扫描B甲板。
tr	O	詹姆森（范）万斯医生去散步了，但是他已经知道了答案。
tr	I	It took Jay a few tries to start getting it right and the process was tedious .
tr	I	She was financially comfortable but she wasn 't rich .
tr	O	她对伯内特的怀疑和对他的信任几乎都消失了。
tr	O	两次都有在街上游荡的未驯服吸血鬼试图袭击她，并且他别无选择。
tr	I	Verity saw what was happening , but he tried to be subtle about it .
tr	O	你喜欢变态的东西，并且你以为你会把我带到这里来是因为你觉得我也变态？
tr	I	They disappeared , and she nodded to the courtiers .
tr	O	当佩顿打出右勾拳时，机会来了，并且莉亚也打出了自己的右勾拳。
tr	O	她的眼前火星闪烁，并且她意识到她忘记呼吸了。
tr	O	他用手指划过她的脸颊，并且达格玛立刻把头缩了回去。
tr	O	那是一个和任何地方一样好的起点，并且他导航到了哈德逊大学的学生目录。
tr	I	The reality of everything hit me once again , and I felt sad for a moment as we spoke .
tr	I	She almost toppled over and her cramped legs immediately gave out .
tr	O	墙壁是米色的，并且点缀是金色的。
tr	I	Then I stop as soon as I turn onto the road , and I drive well below the speed limit until we reach her street .
tr	O	他说，并且谢天谢地我们能够吃东西了。
tr	I	I want to find out , but what that means , I 'm not sure .
tr	O	他有四十名战士，并且他可能失去了十五名。
tr	I	She whipped around , looking for Kevin and it only took Dan a second to catch on .
tr	I	The elevator opened after a few seconds and she pressed on the landing call button .
tr	O	轻轻一拉才让贝丝跟上，但是她很快就追上了他们两个。
tr	O	这自她首次掌权以来就是法律，并且从未被违反过。
tr	O	天空亮了，细节变得清晰起来。
tr	O	他从未松开我的手腕，我让他把我拉进了大楼。
tr	I	He looked at the man she was chatting with and when he finally reached her side , he slid his arm around her .
tr	I	Allan realized he was most angry with himself , for agreeing to Archie 's foolish plan , and Archie merely smiled .
tr	I	My hands were small , but compared to other girls my age I was average height .
tr	O	麦伦博士的办公室里挤满了人，并且里面大多是人类喘着气、咳嗽着的残余。
tr	I	I spotted a slender crack , but the windows were boarded up .
tr	I	I pause to listen to his oars dropping quietly into the water , and he asks .
tr	I	Revel in it and to accept today .
tr	I	His orange eyes blinked , and his claws slid out of his hind feet .
tr	O	门吱呀一声开了，我向后滑开以避免被它撞到。
tr	I	I personally don 't give a flying fuck but the three of you may not like it .
tr	I	She could not see anything - but Kathy followed his gaze to see what he was looking at , what frightened him so .
tr	O	他们作为英雄而死去，并且你通过质疑他们死亡的必要性来贬低他们的英勇。
tr	O	她看了过去找它，但是现在窗户是空的。
tr	O	我伸手去碰它，而且它轻抚我的手以作证明。
tr	I	I didn 't feel like eating anything , but the cafeteria was open this early .
tr	I	My forehead smacked against it , too , and I slammed my hands against the wall .
tr	I	The huge lens partially dislodged , swinging open like a barn door , and the seal on the left side of the dome gave way .
tr	O	布料被撕开了，但是他的身体猛地一颤。
tr	O	距昨天的艺术工作室课程才过了二十四小时，但是她昨天的整个生活感觉已经像多年前的事了。
tr	I	Only a handful of people moved away down the street and his song ended .
tr	I	Then she frowned at Kim with disapproval , and Beth 's mouth slipped to the side .
tr	O	我确信一切最终都会回到我身边，但是有一件事我知道那就是我爱你。
tr	O	他的皮肤灼热，并且他的胃翻腾不已。
tr	O	日历可能显示的是二十一世纪，但是在新奥尔良，老传统依然盛行。
tr	O	另一阵疼痛穿透了她，并且她弯下了腰。
tr	O	他把它按了下去，并且警报停了。
tr	O	他迅速向前，手臂抓住了我，并且他用他的嘴唇封住了我的嘴巴。
tr	I	Still , she needed more , but so good , she thought .
tr	I	She went down with a loud thud and her leg shot up in the air .
tr	O	所有那些眼睛都从她转向了我，并且霎时间，我无法呼吸。
tr	O	蜡烛最终断成了两截，并且她把它摔在地上，发出一声令人作呕的闷响。
tr	I	I snap the flash and all of us squeeze into the frame .
tr	O	她和墨菲一起以新的活力面对她的敌人，然而更多的狼人从通道中涌现出来。
tr	O	我的手指在她头上弯曲，并且我强迫自己站着不动。
tr	I	I was going to have to be the grown up here , but I could understand perfectly why he wanted to protect his family .
tr	I	I usually take it in small doses and I 'm not a big drinker .
tr	O	朋友宣布怀孕时，我总会涌起同样的情绪，然而今晚它们却更强烈，或许是因为她最近与内特的冲突。
tr	I	David continued and Gill stepped away from the window .
tr	O	身穿深绿色缎面礼服的伴娘们引领着队伍，并且我想知道亚伯是否试图用他的西装来搭配她们。
tr	I	It 's never seen on TV , and the truth is never popular !
tr	I	She knew every square inch of it , and this was her place in the world .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything , but Boy , was he mad .
tr	I	I had too many things filling my time , but I even thought of making a dissertation for my 23rd phd .
tr	I	Karina gave me that respect anyway , but I nodded as if my approval was even needed .
tr	O	当下雨的时候，我把兜帽拉到头上，但是我不进去。
tr	I	You must know what to look for ; but they are , I say , recognisable .
tr	O	在一个晴朗的夏日，伊恩·弗兰克能看到大海，但是乔西怀疑他是否曾想过逃学。
tr	I	For the first time my dreams of a world with magic were given substance , and she could make anything happen !
tr	O	绝望再次侵袭了她，但是她试图将其拒之门外。
tr	O	最终他们终于决定了去罗切斯特，并且他们现在正在讨论如何到达那里。
tr	I	A robe blocked her view of herself , but eyes wide , she held out her arms .
tr	O	他当时的心思只在一件事上，而且那就是他那任性的妻子。
tr	O	我低头看我的文件，并且大约有十张纸钉在一起。
tr	I	He was looking at me like I was the Holy Grail and here was one of the biggest movie stars on the planet .
tr	I	I felt the heat starting to creep into my cheeks and my mouth fell slack .
tr	O	你的号码被抽中了，而且它不见了。
tr	O	孩子们高兴地尖叫起来，并且连丽贝卡都露出了笑容。
tr	I	I wasn 't going to dwell on that , but I looked a little bit like the wannabe spies I mocked .
tr	O	你无法用符文让某人爱上你，并且你也无法用它来减轻悲伤。
tr	I	Her palms felt sweaty and her heart was pounding .
tr	I	It 's enough to prevent the vehicle from getting through but the forest isn 't overly dense .
tr	O	你可以为保护了自己的理智而感到自豪，但是她的理智早已荡然无存。
tr	O	他把我们送到我家门口，并且彼得也下车送我到门口。
tr	I	His heart wasn 't buying a word of it , but everything coming out of his mouth was perfectly logical .
tr	O	比利懒洋洋地走向入口，并且康纳坚定地跟着他走进酒店。
tr	I	He could feel her body trembling , the little aftershocks still rocking her , yet her tone was so scientific .
tr	O	安格斯张开嘴想抗议，但是西蒙打断了他。
tr	O	这要么是一个残酷的玩笑，或者普雷斯顿·施特劳斯就是没吃药。
tr	I	You will support me and I 'll support you .
tr	I	Surely such a large party would have several men scouting ahead , watching for dangers , but it was an odd number .
tr	O	这里的生活看起来很好，并且他们也确实很健康。
tr	O	他犯了一个错误，并且他感觉糟透了。
tr	O	他们叫我快点，并且我就抓起我能拿到的东西。
tr	O	你将是我的，并且我将是你的。
tr	O	她的头发是红褐色的，并且它卷曲着披散在她的头上。
tr	I	I used them to their fullest , and weekends were my escape from reality .
tr	I	He 's there in my head and I go to sleep .
tr	O	他们咯咯地笑，但是我不确定是为了什么。
tr	O	本缓慢地转动方向盘，并且吊杆摆了过来。
tr	I	At that point , I just needed to get it over with , but I wasn 't sure how I felt about facing him in public .
tr	O	他为了伪装自己所做的一切就是穿上了一套典型的制服，并且我甚至直到第二眼才认出他来。
tr	I	He was ready to go , and the cold water revived him .
tr	O	艾丽娅也抱紧了，并且他们两个就这样保持了几秒钟，互相遮挡以抵御风雨。
tr	O	我知道他的问题是反问句，但是我还是环顾四周。
tr	O	这是一个复杂的设计，并且你必须仔细寻找才能找到隐藏的图片。
tr	I	Without thinking , he pushed his right forearm upwards to deflect the soda shower he was certainly going to wear , and Dan 's instincts kicked in .
tr	O	安德拉将一股力量挤压成一个紧密的球并将其从身体中甩向那个东西。
tr	I	They had centuries to get to know one another properly , and Shea was his life .
tr	I	Mairi only mentally tightened her grip on her emotions , but the thought had the faintest hint of hysteria stirring inside her .
tr	I	She had to be found now , and Grace Peterson had to be found .
tr	O	我努力忘记她对我鼻子说的话，但是这很难。
tr	O	他大脑中的突触已经关闭，并且他的嘴巴张开得足够大，可以把一辆半挂车开进去。
tr	O	我的朋友约翰在马林县经营着一家青少年康复中心，并且他总是让我给他介绍合格的人。
tr	I	My laugh is cut short by a loud bang on my bedroom door , but I laugh .
tr	I	She fumbled her keys three times before she managed to slide the right one into the lock , and the landing was dark .
tr	O	丈夫没有与妻子配对，并且朋友没有与朋友配对。
tr	O	他的眼睛，盯着她的脸，突然睁大了，并且他尖叫了起来。
tr	O	他的头发蓬乱地垂着，并且他的眼睛充满了担忧，他扫视着周围寻找一张熟悉的面孔。
tr	I	After Eric , everything seems like a threat , but I scream in my mind .
tr	I	I still wanted more of her , but I knew we had just finished .
tr	I	Hearing those words from Hassan made her feel better , but in others , it had been a burden .
tr	I	He quickly shut it out , but the image of his father , his face contorted with disgust , appeared in Malcolm 's mind .
tr	O	他已经经历过这个过程，但是艾萨克希望雷格能表现出一些兴奋。
tr	I	Supposedly , Perry had a night planned that would knock Miranda 's socks off , and Burnett had loaned him his Mustang .
tr	I	He took a step backward , fearing me and I went up to him .
tr	I	Felix was still stroking my face , and when I finally came to , it was night , pitch black .
tr	O	夏洛特知道他不会喜欢那样，并且他的现任女友也不会。
tr	O	她也看着我，并且她的脸上带着困惑。
tr	I	Trinity could hardly wait to get to Drew and Jasmine stepped into her own beautiful gown .
tr	O	没有办法好好地探身到边缘，并且他也看不到他站的地方离地面有多远。
tr	I	I 'd narrowed them down to a couple likely candidates , and Mrs. Santos had emailed me the historical neighborhoods she knew about .
tr	I	What had that to do with anything , but she wasn 't looking forward to it ?
tr	O	已经一个小时了，并且凯登还没有打电话过来。
tr	I	He 'd done a good job , but it wasn 't perfect .
tr	O	我朝那个人看了一眼，但是艾登的表情和阿波罗的一样。
tr	O	我会问你一些问题，并且你会给我答案。
tr	I	They 're sitting against the lockers , snacking on their bagged lunches , and Ryan has joined her .
tr	I	Harry walked by himself to his front doorstep and I waited until they split off from each other .
tr	O	当飞机开始下沉时，她感到双脚被拉扯，但是她拼命划动，设法逃走了。
tr	O	我所赋予生命的怪物的形象永远在我眼前，并且我不停地狂热地谈论着她。
tr	O	顶部三个宽抽屉果然如她所料是空的，但是最下面的抽屉却不是。
tr	O	我再次集中注意力，并且这次我试着更慢地穿过地板。
tr	I	He had to do everything in his power to make sure he was able to help her , and Noelle needed him .
tr	O	他们是靠气味狩猎的，并且你的气味遍布杰克全身。
tr	I	The heat of the dawning sun warmed the soil , releasing its earthy aroma into the air and Dew drops glistened like diamonds on fal en leaves .
tr	I	From behind it , Daisy could hear Mrs Hurley 's loud voice , ordering someone about , but the larder door was closed .
tr	I	He pulled to the curb a few houses down from my target and I alerted the cabby .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to apologize , but this might be the dumbest thing I had ever done .
tr	I	I had my suspicions , but I had no proof that he was related to any of the crazy events that had happened .
tr	O	一只温暖的手放在我的肩膀上，并且我惊讶地抬起头。
tr	I	As they writhed on the ground , Altair finished them , and he thrust the body into the third , who fell .
tr	O	我们只是没想到会在这里，并且这里是特里的家乡。
tr	I	She immediately turned to me and I stopped walking .
tr	I	I was just unaware of what that was and maybe Sydney had done something to me when I touched her at the movies .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but Manuel had never heard of her .
tr	I	I blinked them back , but tears filled my eyes .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around me and I walked over to him .
tr	I	It was difficult , for Sarah refused to allow anyone to get near to her , but he tried to help her into the house .
tr	O	她很生气，并且我一直都在躲避她的电话。
tr	O	我向他保证事情不是那样的，并且他说他现在知道了。
tr	I	I 'm amazed you had any time for housework , and it 's a wonder you have time for homework .
tr	O	他压在我的胸口，并且我看着我的皮肉包围了他的脸。
tr	O	我只记得打开了灯，并且我以为我关了门。
tr	I	She wasn 't down there , waiting , but leaving her , he went back downstairs , steeling himself to face Jolene .
tr	I	Theories were blasted out of his head by the heat of a desire to protect her , and then he heard Julia scream .
tr	I	They got it and they were doing it for attention .
tr	I	I walked alongside him , and he started walking again .
tr	O	太阳消失了，并且西蒙似乎是唯一一个对它的消失感到担忧的人。
tr	I	The kid just continued on , but Allie thought she saw him leaping into a kid eating ice cream .
tr	I	The King refused to damage his dignity by joining in Henry 's frivolity but Henry tried to coax him down with bird-like trills .
tr	O	她的声音略微沙哑了，并且她试图清了清嗓子。
tr	I	I did , my legs shaking and he gestured for me to stand .
tr	I	The blaze of the fires below sparkled in them as she watched , and her eyes were wide with fear .
tr	I	Padme felt as though she could barely stand , but it might have been the exhaustion coupled with her late stage of pregnancy .
tr	O	我心里暗自记下，但是直到为时已晚我才注意到是他。
tr	I	I froze , heart caught in my throat , and I ran blindly until my path was blocked by a huge beast .
tr	I	Chris took the map for the Jets , and Pigeon collected the map for the Subs .
tr	O	我知道如果我说话，我的声音会沙哑，并且我不想在薇奥莱特面前哭。
tr	O	她去拿她的备用匕首，但是就在那时有人从后面抓住了她。
tr	O	这花了一些时间，但是这并不难。
tr	O	她若有所思地凝视着棉田，并且我又一次欣赏她那件脏衣服。
tr	O	我们被诅咒了，并且我们属于他的军队。
tr	I	I 'd sworn then I was done , and her words had ripped me apart .
tr	I	The room falls silent and the door closes behind her .
tr	O	蓝色的傍晚空气很静，并且她家主屋里没有亮灯。
tr	I	The sun slowly begins to dip below the horizon and we ride for several hours .
tr	I	Now she wanted to play a game of questions to the death with a dragon and a minute ago she was crying .
tr	I	I didn 't want to talk about it , but I knew what she wanted to ask me .
tr	I	Her panties were soaked with evidence to the contrary , but normally she would have said there was nothing sexy about a domineering man .
tr	I	I move with him and he rolls .
tr	I	If we hadn 't been anticipating trouble , we might not have known anything was amiss , and they moved with admirable stealth .
tr	I	I couldn 't pull them away , but I struggled to break his grip .
tr	I	None that would dare invade , but sure , they had no shortage of enemies , she supposed .
tr	O	我把手放在她肩上，并且她耸了耸肩。
tr	O	他一踏上梯子，它就吱呀作响了一点，但是他继续往下走。
tr	O	我再次屏住呼吸，并且我专注于攀爬。
tr	I	The staff treated the guests well and he made sure complaints were handled .
tr	I	Allowed themselves to die and they simply stayed put .
tr	I	As the minutes tick by , my reflexes get slower , but we go back to playing .
tr	O	这里不会被误认为天堂，但是我接受它。
tr	O	他再次消失了，但是这一次，我们知道他不会回来了。
tr	I	The others followed , and Max left .
tr	I	After she 'd paid me we walked down the driveway together , and she was coming outside to check her mailbox at the same time .
tr	O	他们似乎分享了一个理解的瞬间，一个让我无法理解的瞬间，但是它很快就过去了。
tr	I	Her expression was completely blank but I looked desperately at Ramos .
tr	I	She had hay in her hair and her shirt was untucked .
tr	O	我可能想要寻求答案，但是我还没真正准备好离开。
tr	O	贝丝没有犹豫，用她空闲的那只手扇了他一耳光，并且他退缩了。
tr	O	她伸出张开的手掌，并且格蕾琴犹豫地跟着她做。
tr	I	She huffed out a frustrated breath and disappointment flashed across her face .
tr	I	It still sat on my desk at home and he had returned with a thumb sized replica of the Eiffel Tower .
tr	I	She quickly averted her eyes and I glanced over at Shannon .
tr	I	Dad was tall , taller than even Devin , but I had never really thought about it before .
tr	O	我转了一整个圈，但是景色从未改变。
tr	I	The room feels like a sauna and there is no air-conditioning .
tr	I	She felt him shift behind her and she was grateful when the light went out .
tr	I	She 'd gone only about fifty yards when she stopped to look back , and she had to force herself away from him .
tr	I	They now appeared already to be eager for more food , and Energetic , happy , bounding everywhere to the delight of the picnic guests .
tr	I	Now he hoped Damon would come for him , and he just knew he had to save Matt .
tr	I	All she wanted to do was protect him , comfort him , yet she should be afraid of him .
tr	I	The words escaped him but Luka opened his mouth .
tr	I	The combined income was nothing to sneeze at but it wouldn 't make her rich .
tr	O	他抬眼看向她，并且她感到他的话语冲击着她。
tr	I	Diego saw that Eric hated dampening that power to obey the rules , and the man had power , yes .
tr	I	It is not but the loss that the hospital faced , making its owner resort to corruption looks like a survival question .
tr	O	这让学校这件事看起来如此虚假，但是我理解它的必要性。
tr	O	我低头看我的手机，并且它停止了震动。
tr	I	She drove with the windows down , and the car appeared to predate air-conditioning .
tr	O	他同情她的困境，但是他自身也处境艰难。
tr	O	哦，他的外貌可能改变了，但是他的性格还是一模一样。
tr	O	我转头看，而且果然是我以为的那样：一个杀手小丑。
tr	O	我甚至出不了门，而且我的一天就已经泡汤了。
tr	O	我把他扑倒，并且我们撞到了一张野餐桌。
tr	I	A starry night sky is left in its place and when we get there the sun has gone down .
tr	O	我等待着，但是什么都没发生。
tr	I	Cory , pushing off the curb , fell into rhythm with Gene 's crazy legs and Gene quickly caught up .
tr	I	I can 't live with that , and it should have been me , not her .
tr	I	Yes , it hurt , and I let him slam me against the walls .
tr	O	佐克伸手到他身边，但是他的手只抓到了一把泥土。
tr	O	它们最初可能不那么质朴，但是它们每年都变得越来越质朴。
tr	I	I still went through with it , yet then I did something that I knew was a bad idea .
tr	O	她在我身上摩擦，并且我立刻就硬了。
tr	O	我们之间的紧张感又加剧了一点，并且我意识到随着我们的身体靠近，我们的嘴唇也靠近了。
tr	I	Instead he sits down across from me , but I wait for him to laugh it off .
tr	I	They 'd never get that back and Dave had stolen their family time .
tr	I	The stars were out and the sky was clear .
tr	O	我知道它可能不总是看起来那样，但是这是真的。
tr	I	She was scared of something , but she wasn 't scared of him .
tr	I	She was burning with guilt , burning , and she wanted all those things for herself .
tr	I	None was needed and no explanation was given .
tr	I	I 'm not even sure he believes himself , and he doesn 't sound that convincing , though .
tr	I	Something in his eyes told the knight that he had met the stranger before and he carried a brooding frown under a thick black mustache .
tr	O	她头晕目眩，并且恶心涌上喉咙。
tr	I	The bruises faded , and the scars may have healed .
tr	O	维克多的脸变得愤怒，并且他看着我。
tr	O	我无法不爱他。
tr	I	Her mouth falls open and MacKenzie stops laughing suddenly .
tr	O	他的头发长了一点，并且他的脸瘦了一点。
tr	I	She was trying to let him know not to invest too much in what was about to occur , but he sounded annoyed .
tr	O	她消失了，但是事实证明她对“计划”的看法是对的。
tr	O	我嘀咕了一些关于它很复杂的话，并且我们不久之后就冲了出去。
tr	O	本也怒气冲冲的，或者他可能是在演戏。
tr	I	He moved away from that for the most part by the late 1970 's , but Ray had worked as an investigative reporter early in his career .
tr	I	I 've heard it specializes in so-called clean girls and at night it turns into a ' gentleman 's club ' .
tr	I	I slip on the ice as I slam to a stop beside him and he abruptly halts near the edge of the curb .
tr	O	我们的鼻子互相摩擦着，并且他看到我意识到自己与他贴得有多近时，露出了得意的一笑。
tr	I	My potential is unlimited and the sky is blue .
tr	I	When they are , they are significantly less unsettling in appearance than the Silent Brothers , but Iron Sisters are rarely encountered by most Nephilim .
tr	O	在过去的十年里，她一直梦想着成为一名白昼士兵，但是这并不是她想要的。
tr	O	他离开我去里面，并且我与剩下的人群在外面区域漫步。
tr	O	我试图给她一些自由，因为梅森想让她在身边，但是她就是触碰了我的底线。
tr	O	起初我抵抗着，但是我和她相处的时间越长，我就越清楚我的感情是多么真实。
tr	O	每个网站都显示有太多失败的登录尝试，并且我无法回答个人问题来检索我的信息。
tr	I	He was surprised when she didn 't flinch away from him , and he touched her hair because he couldn 't help himself .
tr	I	He vanishes and we wave .
tr	O	她不像乌拉那样友好，但是她也没有吓到我。
tr	I	He doesn 't push me away , but Sean tenses when I touch him .
tr	I	It took a couple of months longer than expected , but with his new legs fitted onto his stumps , the therapy crew got him walking again .
tr	O	我可能把那个可怜的家伙烦透了，但是我继续读着我们高年级文学课的课本，好像什么都没发生过一样。
tr	I	I let out a held breath and my phone vibrates in my pocket .
tr	O	他们看起来很眼熟，但是他想不起来他们的名字。
tr	O	蜘蛛不见了，仿佛它们从未出现过，并且弗朗西斯卡已经快速走向她那一侧的车门。
tr	O	他办完了自己的事，并且我们随后走进了办公室。
tr	O	我伸出手，用指尖轻拂她的一个酒窝，然后慢慢地向内拖动，划过她噘着的下唇。
tr	O	我没有告诉任何人，并且我本应该告诉的。
tr	O	当它们靠近我时，它们高大魁梧的身体挡住了阳光，并且阴影中的温度随之下降。
tr	I	Words escaped them and the lips parted .
tr	I	Isaac 's musical laughter joined in , and she giggled , ruining the effect .
tr	I	He took , and he thrust .
tr	O	好吧，一件事接着一件事，并且你可以想象最终发生了什么。
tr	O	从这个高度跌落足以致他于死地，但是他却毫无畏惧。
tr	O	她找了一位当地工匠为她制作十四把椅子，并且找了另一位修复一个旧梳妆台来展示瓷器。
tr	O	甚至爱丽丝对我加入也显得非常积极，并且我当然不会把她当成傻瓜。
tr	I	He knocked , and Adela nodded .
tr	I	She came tumbling down on top of him , along with a rain of purses and there was a squeak .
tr	I	The safety it 'd provide would more than make up for the tedium , but Village life can be boring .
tr	O	卡迈恩因她的措辞而低声轻笑，她的语气俏皮，但是他毫不怀疑她言出必行。
tr	O	他的眼睛瞪得老大，并且他看起来好像快要生病了。
tr	O	她坐在一面墙边粗糙的长凳上，但是艾吉奥看不清她是否也被锁在上面。
tr	O	餐桌上的谈话变得尴尬起来，并且米奇什么也没说。
tr	I	She had never probed , but Madelyn , of course , knew that there were fiercely guarded depths to him .
tr	I	Oliver examined them as if he didn 't know they 'd already been cleared to leave town , and Michael handed them over .
tr	I	The wolf within was always ready for more , but I might have had an amazing night of sex .
tr	I	I inhaled deeply and my hands fel to the curve of his back .
tr	I	He couldn 't disguise his joy and Adams gathered the depleted team into his office .
tr	I	Mostly I was happy for him , but it made me a little sad .
tr	I	They began to descend towards the land , and the older man beside him moved his hands .
tr	I	You 'd have to be a complete beast to swat butterflies , but they ruined my ferocious badass image .
tr	I	Up there people were more dressed up , but things were usually very casual in New Orleans .
tr	O	她的父亲以前用那个杯子，但是马林先生几个月前就搬走了。
tr	I	Then pushed him over and to know that she 'd taken him to the edge .
tr	I	He stepped closer , and his breath caught .
tr	I	They gave us some idea of where to concentrate our search , but his notes were inconclusive .
tr	O	她笑了，但是那是一种微弱的声音。
tr	I	He 's still with Madeline and I glance over at Davis .
tr	I	I don 't think Annie 's that overwrought , but I don 't mean to sound callous here .
tr	I	She also has to arrive there and she lives in Hungary !
tr	I	He had won , and he had risked .
tr	O	我那些所谓的同伴大声叫着要一轮威士忌，并且三只小玻璃杯被送到了桌上。
tr	I	These classical musicians are far worse in my opinion , but people think rock ' n ' rollers are rough .
tr	I	A moan was dragged from his throat and Jake seemed to catch a whiff of his thought .
tr	O	他的下巴绷紧了，并且一道白线在他的嘴角显现出来。
tr	I	Nothing had happened , but he 'd expected the frigate to fire upon the approaching soldiers .
tr	O	安迪稍微点了点头，但是他有点困惑。
tr	I	Someone had to take him on , damn it , but maybe Gabe wasn 't happy to have her interfering in his life .
tr	O	他的声音不再沙哑了，并且他的语气中带着钢铁般的坚定。
tr	O	它们开了，并且我走了进去。
tr	O	她听到了仆人远处叫她等待的声音，但是她一点也没有理会。
tr	I	I knew she was thinking about home , and she had the simplicity of people whose faces reveals their thoughts .
tr	I	He pulled back , swiftly peeling them off before returning to her in a rush and she struggled with the waistband of his slacks .
tr	O	无论你对我有任何问题，在她在这期间你都要把它埋在心里，并且你要给她你所能给的最好的。
tr	I	I realized all the vampires in the hall were hollering their heads off , and the sound of cheering reached my ears .
tr	O	我提出要下厨，但是波尔说什么也不同意。
tr	I	He felt the power of their presence , and he knew that , in the distant past , his own people had invoked the same gods .
tr	I	It could still be clean , but it hadn 't been quick .
tr	O	塞尔吉奥的举止确实与平时不同，并且她受不了。
tr	O	它看起来不像人造的，但是谁也说不准，我心想，随着物体平稳地滑到地面上。
tr	O	我把书架上所有那些看起来至少有点用的书都抽了出来，并且很快我就被它们包围了。
tr	O	拉夫的父亲曾是一个非常富有的人，但是他母亲坚持不把孩子们宠得太过分。
tr	I	It was not an unpleasant feeling , but I was transfixed to the ground .
tr	O	我的心现在进入了西蒙模式，并且它正为他而狂跳。
tr	I	I 'm too far inside of it , but I try to see upward into the heavens , to find the top of the tunnel .
tr	I	Latin American dancing was becoming popular , and I hate not being ahead of the game .
tr	I	Their mom had decided to come into Seaside for the weekend and it seemed like everyone .
tr	I	It took my breath away and a bright smile slid over his features .
tr	I	She appeared unharmed as she bolted toward Julian , but her strawberry colored curls were a mess , blood smeared her cheeks .
tr	O	利亚姆朝着小屋走去，但是她注意到他没有收起武器。
tr	O	我坐在沙发上，盯着那个我的裙子结束了，并且我的大腿开始的地方。
tr	O	她的嘴唇无声地张开，流露出邀请，并且伴随着一声压抑的呻吟，吕西安将她拥入怀中。
tr	O	他可能疯了，但是他没有自杀倾向。
tr	O	她再次把头靠在我身上，并且她的头发挠得我脖子发痒。
tr	O	现在去工作，然后回家，接着出去好好约会一次，并且明天一大早出去找那些箱子！
tr	O	他一直等到他们躺下，并且火势也减弱了一些。
tr	I	I have a lot to teach you about being a Pirate , and for now though , we 're on the ship .
tr	I	They spent half of the dinner laughing at one another 's comments , and Hayden seemed totally in his element .
tr	O	这家伙的默认语气是毫无感情的，并且他又回到了那种语气。
tr	I	I knew it was probably only a matter of time , but so far I had been lucky to avoid a sunburn .
tr	I	He gasped as he touched my naked breast and his hand crept up my shirt .
tr	O	她的下巴因恐惧而僵住了，并且话语哽在喉咙里。
tr	O	柜台后面的女人清了清嗓子，并且那是给我保持言行得体的暗示。
tr	I	He had to try , but Dylan didn 't know .
tr	I	Patroclus just beamed as though he 'd been given a wreath of oak leaves , but he meant it to carry a slight hint of sarcasm .
tr	I	The answer came surprisingly fast , but the question caught him off-guard .
tr	O	他试的下一扇门也锁了，但是第三扇门通向一间卧室。
tr	O	我不指望你现在能理解这个，但是当一个女人嫁给你时，一切都会改变。
tr	I	The room begins to spin , and I sit up in bed .
tr	I	His grip on her hair kept her firmly in place , but startled by the contact , Dagmar instinctively tried to pull back .
tr	O	大家都说我应该放弃，但是我不能。
tr	O	他牵起我的手，并且我们消失在街道中。
tr	O	好奇心在她心中涌动，并且她努力抵抗着随意问及她哥哥的诱惑。
tr	O	你对特拉维斯很好，并且我将永远感激这一点。
tr	I	Darkness fell , and clouds rolled in , blocking the sun .
tr	I	It feels even worse to say the words , but Remembering is bad .
tr	O	他看到她的眼睛闪耀着看着他，并且它们吸引了他，使他着迷。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew it was driving her crazy .
tr	I	I stopped my halting steps , and a chill ran through me .
tr	I	They didn 't come , but I don 't know what they were doing .
tr	I	Suddenly I was falling , and I felt my chair melt away beneath me .
tr	I	I fall like a stone , and then he drops me .
tr	O	我曾拥有那些话语，但是现在它们从我身上流失，仿佛我是一个失效的筛子。
tr	O	我翻了个白眼，但是那把剑没有注意到。
tr	I	He wanted to run , but Deckard held his position .
tr	O	社交上的排斥本来就够令人疲惫了，并且萎靡不振的样子在我身上很不合适。
tr	I	He didn 't deny Ned 's charges , but a muscle flexed in Cain 's cheek .
tr	I	Archer thought he had the world on a string and it was purchased long ago when Lexi was alive .
tr	O	我想那是为了我的十岁生日，但是我把那件事全忘了。
tr	O	他的血液搏动得更厉害了，并且他不得不再次睁开眼睛来驱散那气味，那需求。
tr	O	所有的灯都灭了，并且这个地方一片寂静。
tr	I	Dorian wasn 't quite at that stage yet , but Ian was turning into a man now .
tr	I	Then they were inside a plain stone hallway with barred cells on the left side , and another locked door , another guard .
tr	O	Ghost 用布裹着他的大腿，并且我知道他会没事的。
tr	O	他把目光从房间对面的谈话中移开，但是他并没有把全部注意力放在我身上。
tr	I	He began and she was starting to forget where she ended .
tr	I	I felt like a true idiot and I had been played for a fool .
tr	I	What other explanation could there be , but it didn 't seem terribly likely ?
tr	I	The way you 're living now is not sustainable , and I certainly can 't keep you safe .
tr	O	她离莱昂内尔有几英尺远，当他表情变得紧绷，并且他漆黑的眼睛闪烁时。
tr	O	恐惧爬上我的喉咙，并且我第一次抽搐，当我努力不吸入水时。
tr	I	I need to get out of here and I 'm losing control .
tr	I	She was invisible again , but the brute turned .
tr	O	过去就是过去，并且查尔斯能做的最好的事就是把它抛诸脑后。
tr	I	John held my shoulders down and I tried to get up again .
tr	I	She couldn 't know that , but he hadn 't seen her since he 'd caught Joe leaving her place .
tr	I	His legend was growing by the week , and Montrose was new to the league .
tr	O	我们又亲吻了一会儿，而且我注意到这有多么完美，像这样坐在他腿上。
tr	I	Since that time , its history has been tragic , and it was built in 1796 .
tr	O	我本会把杯子换到另一只手，但是那些手指已经张开着握着三罐红牛。
tr	O	他是机长，并且这个概念对他很重要。
tr	I	I am proud to say that I have every one of them , and my father kept a journal ever since he was eighteen years old .
tr	O	她的眼睛闭着，但是我知道她没在睡觉。
tr	I	She struggled to breathe , and her throat felt tight , as if someone was restricting her windpipe .
tr	O	她很惊讶特里没有先打电话，然而她仍然很高兴见到他。
tr	I	It felt like I was being drained of something , and I frowned as a warm sensation came over me .
tr	O	只有这些在文章中是真的，而且他知道。
tr	I	He 'd almost been too late , and he loved Nell .
tr	O	他看到我穿着它，而且他知道了。
tr	O	颤抖让她感到疼痛，然而她却无能为力。
tr	O	我不知道他是怎么支付的，但是他支付了。
tr	I	It made his head swim in delight and he could smell her wonderful scent -- the very same one from when he 'd first met her -- .
tr	I	She didn 't know how she 'd recover if he broke it and her heart was his .
tr	O	我让我的手伸到她的腰带下面，并且她感到被冒犯了。
tr	O	我们在这个地点，并且我们这里有山。
tr	I	I was so screwed up , but I didn 't want to leave you .
tr	O	她转过身，而且我拿起了我的刀。
tr	O	世界陷入一片寂静，并且我独自一人。
tr	I	It was interrupted by several wide cross streets , and the main street in town was broad enough for several wagons to move side by side .
tr	I	The strong arm let me go , and my back raked across the sand .
tr	O	她踢了他一脚，并且他呻吟了。
tr	O	杰夫是个非常好的家伙，但是她怀疑他是否患有躁郁症。
tr	O	胸口有一个心脏本该在的洞，并且它似乎带有电动铣刀的痕迹。
tr	I	I chose to ignore it , and I knew he was teasing .
tr	I	It was getting even worse during the last weeks , but she never talked much .
tr	O	她已经很久没有见过他们中的任何一个了，但是那绝对是他们。
tr	O	那里没有窗户，但是她看到一面墙上有一个电灯开关。
tr	I	She wasn 't exactly submitting , and it was a wife 's duty to submit .
tr	O	她试图后退，但是她发现自己被困在洞穴的岩壁上。
tr	I	He was sure that Sam was smart enough to keep his distance , and Brendan would actually have to exert himself in order to strike someone .
tr	O	窗台承受了她的重量，并且她跑了起来，脚步声敲击着地面。
tr	I	His eyes were kind , if a bit surprised , but he was nice enough looking except for the scar on his cheek .
tr	O	我让她带我离开花园，但是我忍不住对我父亲进行了一次临别反击。
tr	I	I covered my face with my hands to have a little privacy from Shane and the tears poured out of my eyes .
tr	I	He wasn 't harming her , yet Max was holding Jessica tightly .
tr	O	他有着吉姆清澈、近乎凶猛的目光，并且他立刻向鲁本伸出了手。
tr	O	我不知道我要去哪里，并且我也不在乎。
tr	O	我到的时候，他的卡车已经在那儿了，并且他正靠着卡车站着。
tr	O	贾格尔让我的一个幻想成为了现实，并且我为此不得不给他大大的赞扬。
tr	I	I was still kind of embarrassed by it , but we 'd been changing in the same room together for more than a week now .
tr	I	The bars are so high that I can barely stand tall enough to see through them , and this door is heavy oak .
tr	I	It starts to vibrate and Sean pushes a toy deep inside .
tr	I	Sarah flew in , pointing a finger at her , and before she could decide , the door shoved open .
tr	I	I 'm more nervous than he is and this is my house .
tr	O	为她做事总是很愉快，并且她很可能会以多种方式回报这些恩惠。
tr	I	He thought he caught a flash of metal far below , but it was difficult to see over the nose of the giant Boeing .
tr	I	She looked at Josef and her eyes snapped open .
tr	I	Iona broke into a sweat , but Eric walked in , bringing with him a wave of November chill .
tr	I	My attention was on Jax , our gazes locked together , but Parker joined me .
tr	O	皮尔斯是个见过世面的人，并且他一定和很多女人有过关系。
tr	O	你很出色，并且我爱你。
tr	I	He couldn 't afford an extra , overpriced mortgage anymore , and that was his second home .
tr	I	His eyes promised soon and his thumb stroked over the inside of her wrist .
tr	I	In amazement , he saw her , and he pushed open the heavy door .
tr	I	I fixed my eyes on the ceiling , and he stood for a few seconds .
tr	O	我背对着华纳，并且我没有回头。
tr	O	就在那时门上传来敲门声，并且第二位医学委员会考官出现在门口。
tr	O	她焦躁不安，但是她努力不表现出来。
tr	O	杰森伸出手，并且摄政王还回了那张牌。
tr	I	I did it , and it was necessary .
tr	I	Gita looked more serious , but Hana giggled .
tr	O	他比谁都了解凯特，然而他却不知道接下来该说什么。
tr	O	也许他们只是分开了一天，但是感觉却像过了很久。
tr	I	Eric would find out whether he did , but the human Kellerman might have nothing to do with this .
tr	O	通常只要弗朗茨一进房间她就会依附着他，但是今天她却无视了他。
tr	O	里奥丹的关心令人安慰，并且她向他表达了谢意。
tr	I	Pouring water into the coffee maker and I had walked into the kitchen with the phone .
tr	O	也许仅仅是因为她很美，并且我那时还足够年轻，所以那是一个决定性因素。
tr	I	The other looking into her eyes , but he turned a bruised head toward her , one eye swollen .
tr	O	我有一个是给我的母亲的，并且另外四个是我的姐妹。
tr	O	他爱我，并且其他一切都不重要了。
tr	O	最重要的是，她没有追赶牛群，并且它们似乎也不怕她。
tr	I	It isn 't Mrs. Snow , but I hear the door open .
tr	O	他再也无法更轻松了，并且他也不怕表现出来。
tr	O	那是一个温和的日子，并且最早的春花开始绽放了。
tr	I	I could see his tattoo peeking out and his shirt had ridden up .
tr	I	One of them clearly did not belong to Mr. Drummond 's assistant and the voices were now completely audible .
tr	I	Roach brought his hands together at great speed over Latch 's ears and he looked up .
tr	O	在她弄明白他是什么意思之前，她的胃翻腾起来，并且她吐在了她梦中情人的脚下。
tr	I	Apart from weathering her mother 's recriminations , that was just mechanics , but there was still the unpleasant task of calling off the wedding .
tr	O	我正在尽力说服他我会是一个出色的猎人，但是到目前为止他仍未被说服。
tr	O	熊熊的火光沿着电线迅速蔓延，并且看起来凯雅仿佛正在燃烧，阳光洒满了她身体的每一个部分。
tr	O	她给人的印象是那种喜欢支配男人的女人，并且他不是那种类型的男人。
tr	O	菲奇通过JRA的严厉施压追查这个直觉，并且经过两周的无果探查，他们最终找到了正确的诊所。
tr	O	这艘船只有小型激光炮，但是它们可以对一艘毫无防备的船造成损害。
tr	I	We are alone , but in vain you try .
tr	I	Luca rolls onto his side , alongside me , and I open the packet .
tr	O	我强迫自己读完我的日程表，拼命想分散自己的注意力，但是这几乎就是我所预料的。
tr	O	他不想违背她的意愿留住她，但是他也不想让她处于危险之中。
tr	I	They looked dry to Gray , but Billy paused to wipe his eyes again .
tr	I	The look on Harald 's face said the same thing and she knew it was a bit of a random question .
tr	O	他露出了一个严峻的笑容，并且在那忽明忽灭、转瞬即逝的瞬间，我看到了他眼中有些东西，是脆弱的。
tr	I	Surprisingly it was very delicious and we finished dinner .
tr	O	这意味着纽约是早上六点，并且“天选之人”应该已在他的办公桌前了。
tr	I	I didn 't dare hope , yet I could almost sense his intentions .
tr	I	I think she understands , but she says nothing .
tr	O	米歇尔显得更加受伤，但是我只是不得不离开。
tr	O	它在两侧，并且尖端逐渐收窄成一个非常锋利的点。
tr	O	我不确定以这个速度能否在正面碰撞中幸存下来，但是我没有时间去思考这件事。
tr	O	我努力保持面无表情，但是我做得不太好。
tr	I	In its place was arousal and as quickly as it came , her rage was gone .
tr	I	They would be clear of the threatening conditions and just a few more cloud formations to pass .
tr	I	It would be fighting every step of the way , but I might indeed die .
tr	O	他用牙齿轻咬了一下，并且我叫了出来。
tr	O	遥远的北方，树木在严寒中爆裂，并且积雪深达惊人的程度。
tr	I	It broke free and Tench yanked .
tr	O	在驾驶座上，杰克仍然昏迷不醒，但是阿比盖尔坐在他腿上，握着方向盘。
tr	I	He managed a smile and Jimmy Hull 's face relaxed .
tr	O	她的笑容变得悲伤，并且她点了点头。
tr	O	她的手臂抽痛着，但是同时，一股神秘的狂喜之弦绷紧了，它的音符升向天籁之音。
tr	O	地面很泥泞，但是总的来说，水很快就排入了河中。
tr	O	我的眼皮因一种最奇特的幸福感而沉重，然而我拒绝闭上它们。
tr	O	他甚至对我笑了，但是笑容背后没有一丝幽默。
tr	I	I leave my heart at the table , but my body stands up to follow Holder .
tr	I	More than a few are lying on the deck , some unmoving , but a few officers are still at their stations working frantically .
tr	I	Simone might have overheard , but I 'm not sure of the time .
tr	I	Surprise crossed his features , and he turned to me .
tr	I	She could yell , and Nell , a grizzly , was a big woman .
tr	O	我去纽约大学时偶然发现了这家店，并且它对凯特来说非常完美。
tr	I	His eyes grew and his brain lit .
tr	O	她开始对他产生的幻想让她觉得自己是个骗子，但是她知道他们的关系不会有任何结果。
tr	O	她带着那个叛逆的念头睡着了，并且当她再次睁开眼睛时，尼古拉的地铺不见了。
tr	O	他整个大脑都在抽痛，并且他随即剧烈地呕吐了。
tr	I	If they noticed us they were far more concerned with staying away from the Marsh tribe , but foreign soldiers flew past .
tr	O	她和她父亲的关系从来没有好过，但是她确实爱沃尔特。
tr	I	They weren 't filthy either , but these Changed weren 't clean .
tr	I	She knew that didn 't necessarily mean he wasn 't committed , but she 'd seen no ring on his finger .
tr	I	Right now she couldn 't bear it , and if she ever stopped , she would have to think .
tr	O	我看不见它的生殖器，但是我认为它是雄性。
tr	I	Both boxers started to slid to their own corners and the referee stepped between them .
tr	I	She had to look down ... and she received only a mere impression : blackened scales , leathery webbed wings , terrible black claws for hands .
tr	O	一只强壮的手臂环住她的腰以稳住她，并且她立刻感受到了他身后温暖的身体。
tr	O	我独自坐在我的长椅上，并且我不再想吃我的饭了。
tr	I	The trio agreed to establish a set of targets putting forward the outline of a plan and they discussed the proposal at length .
tr	I	I was beyond saving now , but Kara had come to save me .
tr	O	我没有及时意识到，并且我因他假装绊倒我的动作而踉跄。
tr	O	以前它从未如此打击过他，但是他现在认出了它。
tr	I	The car slid forward smoothly and Michael moved his hand to the gearshift .
tr	O	他们对我离开不高兴，但是他们很支持。
tr	O	厄运降临了我们的征程，并且死亡降临了我们的队伍。
tr	O	她的目光回到盒子上，并且她小心地掀开了盖子。
tr	I	We still use it all the time , but Nana got that as a gift for her wedding .
tr	O	显然克莱尔在和她说话，但是艾普丽尔没有停下脚步。
tr	O	这座火山高耸1,400英尺，并且沿着山脚随处可见废弃的雕像。
tr	I	He was also grinning , but Josh was blushing too .
tr	O	她那时那样做了，并且现在也会那样做。
tr	I	The guards throw open the door and finally we arrive at the entrance .
tr	O	当他最近能够随意处置我时，那是第四次了，但是我们俩都还活着。
tr	I	My heart skipped a beat , and I walked into English , ready to count the minutes .
tr	O	脉冲停止了，并且整个面板都暗了下来。
tr	I	He has a message for me , and says it 's from my stalker .
tr	O	肖有才华，但是才华廉价。
tr	O	话一出口，她就觉得自己很傻，但是雷金纳德勋爵笑了。
tr	I	Trojans were still kindly disposed to them , but yes , they weren 't so magnificent as the Olympians .
tr	I	I had no part in any such arrangements , but we should be laying battle plans .
tr	I	It feels weird talking to my dad about Alec , but I don 't know why .
tr	I	That set Caitlin 's insides on fire , and she heard Bede snicker as she passed the cellar door once .
tr	O	倒不是我不感谢他所做的一切，但是我从来不想拿不劳而获的钱。
tr	I	This hadn 't been planned , but she always came with a plan .
tr	O	她满怀期待地等待着，并且我翻了个白眼。
tr	I	She sent a wave of flames their way , scorching a clearing for her to land , but a crowd of them formed at the gate .
tr	I	She arched her back , wanting more and Randall had never touched her there .
tr	I	Their hats were pulled low on their heads and their long raincoats were pulled tight against the wind .
tr	O	显而易见，一个变形者诞生是一件大事，而且所有参加者都是男性。
tr	I	With one brush of his hand , the bag fell to the ground , and he reached for the strap of my bag .
tr	I	I 'd have known for sure , or she couldn 't have done nothing .
tr	I	No one would ever have known unless they came to this desolate street in degenerate Montmartre and no one knew .
tr	O	电话响了，并且他接了。
tr	I	He gazed into her eyes and Thayer 's head snapped up .
tr	I	He 'd been desperate for release , and his body had been worked into a frenzy after what had transpired with Nike , after all .
tr	O	一块冰冷的石头落入我的胃底，而且我转身看向了守卫。
tr	I	No amount of reparations had helped , and Lexi didn 't know what she 'd done to offend him .
tr	I	It wasn 't for lack of effort , but so far , she hadn 't throw any of the hotel 's guests at him .
tr	I	I didn 't want to say goodbye , but I knew it was only going to be a few more weeks .
tr	O	我滑进了我的皮衣，并且武装了自己，包括一把银剑。
tr	I	The sense of the Keeper 's power much stronger and this place was far more elaborate .
tr	O	那是一台能拍动态照片的相机，而且它直接对准了他。
tr	I	I actually wasn 't pregnant , and the test wasn 't accurate .
tr	O	他的手湿漉漉的，而且他的额头是湿的。
tr	O	纳森向前一步，但是安迪抓住他的一边肩膀。
tr	I	I 'd use it if I had to and I was stronger than I looked .
tr	I	Yet it was another man who took her wrist , and it felt as if she were giving herself to him , giving him everything she was .
tr	I	That was just one of his many endearing quirks , and he didn 't seem to like chairs .
tr	O	他这辈子见过很多荒谬的对话，但是让他们为他争吵却是超现实的。
tr	O	她试图让自己的声音听起来不为他的出现所动，但是他能看穿她的漠不关心。
tr	I	He looked up and something bumped .
tr	I	I felt no burning but I writhed in the dirt to smother any that might have struck my back .
tr	I	Aiden sent me a quick grin , and my stomach rumbled in response .
tr	I	They 're obviously very protective and she 's among her friends .
tr	O	一群学生围住了一位代表，但是桌边也坐着一位年长的女士，正在做某种手工活。
tr	O	当他们来抓我们时，带走幽灵，并且我来对付吸血鬼。
tr	O	约瑟夫神父提出要归还它们，但是他并没有把它们交回来。
tr	O	他的目光一与她对视，她的怒视就消失了，但是他知道自己看到了什么。
tr	I	It was warm out , and the sun was shining .
tr	I	To mend the wounds as well , but the only one to not only sober him up .
tr	I	The gun lowered a fraction , and Clear indecision tracked over his face .
tr	I	I force a smile and London glances at me .
tr	O	这似乎有了些进展，因为凯利又开始在我们俩之间张望了，并且我能看出她正在考虑这个想法。
tr	I	I couldn 't get it around the word pregnant , but I tried to take a breath .
tr	O	这个地方绝对不适合他，但是他不会希望自己让她饿着。
tr	I	I can 't leave him with that ability , but I don 't want to neuter him entirely .
tr	I	I say you 're too old , too old to realize the ancient ways no longer work , but you say I 'm too young .
tr	O	她将他从写作低迷中拉出来，但是那在几首歌之后就消失了。
tr	I	I doubt that 's what he is really going to do , but he said he is going to take me to the movies .
tr	I	She offers me a kind smile as she does , and she 's the only one who responds to me .
tr	I	Her back was straight , her head high but her eyes were still wet as she gazed at him .
tr	I	The momentum was definitely in favor , but not everyone wanted to try it .
tr	I	Together , they attempted to box me in , and he was soon joined by a second car .
tr	I	Then they would be happy , and he would wait for her .
tr	I	We totally crushed the opposition , and after we started to play time went by in a flash .
tr	I	Now it was out of her hands and Jenny realized she had pushed it as far as she could .
tr	O	琴赛知道那是情势的压力，但是她突然不得不抑制住一股想要逃逸的笑声。
tr	I	You 'll always have a home here , but you 'd have to speak to Charles about your wages .
tr	I	His golden eyes sparkled as if he had some plan in mind , and he wore a cream sweater that made his tanned skin even more appealing .
tr	O	鲜花从跟随游行队伍的人们那里向她飞来，并且提图斯坐起来帮她把它们都收集起来。
tr	O	他自己找到水毫无希望，并且他无法忍受再次面对那痛苦。
tr	I	Oh , she was perfect and he continued his journey .
tr	O	既然他们知道了我是谁，我猜这甚至是个更大的新闻，并且我内心的一部分希望它能在晚餐前传到诺埃尔那里。
tr	I	Sam didn 't know what else to say , but the words were so bare , so inadequate .
tr	I	For the first time since the attack , Sheridan couldn 't sleep , but it was late .
tr	I	He gave another sharp nod of his head , and I looked back at him .
tr	O	最终，我没能改变世界，但是我至少改变了自己。
tr	I	She was forced to turn around towards him and the pressure of his hand made Mia stop .
tr	I	It was coming from the left , somewhere below me and I was swimming to the right side of the cavern .
tr	O	他发现后本打算杀了那只火蜥蜴，但是他从未得到机会。
tr	I	He wouldn 't do that , but he could have added Giselle .
tr	O	如果不是他，我可能已经惩罚了艾莉，但是她曾是他的朋友。
tr	O	乔恩有这张专辑，并且西奥非常喜欢它。
tr	I	Actor wasn 't one of them , but I was a lot of things .
tr	I	The banging in his chest slowed and Jace 's head started to clear .
tr	I	I just shake my head letting him know I still don 't know anything , but he looks at me for answers .
tr	O	我的脉搏开始狂跳，并且我的眼皮开始抽搐。
tr	O	我的第二节课是政治理论，并且我的第三节课是国际关系。
tr	O	凯西安静了几秒钟，震惊于连祖先都会如此堕落，但是也感到有些羞愧。
tr	I	I could see the agreement in his eyes , but Kincaid didn 't say anything .
tr	I	She was dead and she was covered with blood .
tr	O	末端垂到几乎她的膝盖，并且她的手臂被布料吞没了。
tr	O	这个计划将考验他的耐力，并且他的耐心可能无法承受这项努力。
tr	I	It gave him power and it made him money .
tr	O	皮罗只想把一切都告诉他，但是他需要先想清楚。
tr	O	安东妮亚有点担心那位客人，他仍然昏迷不醒地躺在他自制的祭坛旁，但是她不必担心。
tr	O	他现在似乎只有一个愿望，并且那就是尽可能多睡觉。
tr	I	She really wanted to punch the teeth in on whoever had put her brother into a giant test tube and her heart was in her stomach .
tr	O	我问了，希望我们能逃走，我也可以散散气。
tr	I	The excitement was high and the food was garnering raves .
tr	I	I know you are far from ready , and I taught you almost everything I know .
tr	O	我感到一丝悔意，但是它很快就被我脑海中的嘈杂声淹没了。
tr	I	I notice for the first time that she is quivering , and Robin 's grandma unfolds her arms from across her chest .
tr	I	I panicked , grasping his arm tightly as tears filled my eyes and he reached over me to turn out the light .
tr	I	It was locked fast but she tried the door .
tr	I	I managed to catch it and he threw it weakly towards me .
tr	I	He could recognize names easily enough , but Reading in Latin had never been his strong point .
tr	I	We all faced the door and just then the front door handle began to turn .
tr	I	I kept going , but the accusation just came out of my mouth .
tr	O	她这周经常这样做，而且她现在知道他到底喜欢什么了。
tr	O	她的门轻轻地关上了，并且弗雷德清了清嗓子。
tr	I	Whoever he was with came into the house and Pat wasn 't attacked as soon as he .
tr	I	I do not care , but the excruciating pain rips through every nerve cell .
tr	I	She couldn 't fit the pieces together , but before , she 'd had glimpses , tantalizing clues .
tr	O	他轻快地游回巨石下面，并且当他浮出水面时，布雷特正从船上下来。
tr	O	到那时我什么都想忘了，但是米卡不会放过它。
tr	I	He knew he could have painted it , and through the alcohol he saw it all , just as he had with the three women .
tr	O	我想到了今天早上帐篷里紧张的对峙，而且我想知道我是否低估了它离打架有多近。
tr	O	他对蒂米的主张不无怀疑，但是他别无选择。
tr	O	我阿姨压力很大，并且她快要爆发了。
tr	I	He was never one to follow rules too closely but he knew this was against the King 's orders .
tr	O	他们等待女服务员，但是加西亚又开始说话了。
tr	I	It was too late for that , but instantly , the edges blunted , as he shielded her from his raging need .
tr	I	The lights on the shuttle illuminated the water around us , but it was night .
tr	I	The current continued to beat him down , and the pain from his ribs was excruciating .
tr	O	骑士分开双腿，低身猛扑向我，并且时间慢了下来。
tr	I	I sit on the couch laying my head against the wall , closing my eyes and my mother is sleeping .
tr	O	这个小组知道他们已经卷入了一场斗争，而且任何灿烂的笑容都无法掩盖这个事实。
tr	I	She failed to get a grip on the desktop , but she tried to lessen the impact of the fall .
tr	I	In the end , he couldn 't help it but Stone fought his urge to look .
tr	O	他在首都长大，但是有些人却一直不喜欢他纯红色的头发。
tr	O	那些男人会试图从那些洞里偷窥，并且那会让他们整个骗局彻底崩溃。
tr	O	她在流汗，并且她的双手剧烈颤抖。
tr	I	It was not until the eastern skies were finally beginning to lighten that a distant shoreline came into view and the night grew long .
tr	I	She didn 't deserve this and I 'd done her wrong .
tr	I	Chase took that as encouragement to let the thrust in morph into an immediate withdrawal , and a squeak scraped out of her throat .
tr	O	约瑟夫接上我，并且小撒罗米也和我在一起。
tr	O	她不知道自己为何选择这些词语，但是它们似乎很对。
tr	O	那会让他们有六个人，并且如果房子里还剩下十一个人，我们就会寡不敌众。
tr	O	圣墓的房间飞速掠过，并且我随即置身于阳光中。
tr	O	他松开了她的手臂，并且他的手垂到了身边。
tr	O	她是对的，并且那是一个我不想讨论的问题。
tr	I	She missed him already , but Time to get on with life .
tr	I	He was still glaring at Chase , and this was the most serious I had ever seen Phoenix .
tr	I	The traces of joy I 'd witnessed so often in Jared 's expression made a reappearance on his face , and the storm from moments before passed .
tr	I	Sawyer shook the man 's hand as they exchanged greetings , and Lyndon inclined his head .
tr	I	She wanted to avoid the increasing cold of nightfall , and Home was in a valley far away .
tr	I	Tech stuffed away in there , too and Chaz has all kinds of tools .
tr	I	The dark lord catches each of his fists in turn , but not yet discouraged , Link throws a quick one-two punch .
tr	I	She coughed , and Acid crept in her chest , to the back of the top of her throat .
tr	O	我必须释放那些人，否则我成为女王的抱负将毫无价值。
tr	I	Callum looked at her and Leah breathed in horror .
tr	O	诺亚正渐渐渗入我的脑海，并且这不仅仅是身体上的吸引了。
tr	I	If the security people couldn 't take care of it , maybe he 'd speak to Weekes , and no , something would have to be done .
tr	O	绿色后方有麻烦，并且他没有冒任何风险。
tr	O	他们因他们炽热的拥抱而异口同声地呻吟着，并且萨布丽娜拉扯着他的肩膀。
tr	O	爬过瓦砾时，一只手从裂缝中抓住他的腿，并且他绊倒了。
tr	I	His body lost its anger , and he spoke to the guard .
tr	O	他会想办法把我们搞垮，并且你会和我们其他人一起垮掉的，参议员。
tr	I	He claimed that I beat him up and I asked him what happened .
tr	O	之后，她建议我们去跳舞，但是那时我几乎不能动弹了。
tr	O	他们看起来都很友善，但是她仍然无法让自己的神经完全平静下来。
tr	O	她是个小不点，但是我相信她能打败我。
tr	I	I knew from the angry way her eyes narrowed that she knew exactly who I was , and she stopped cold when she saw me .
tr	I	His eyes were shut and he has been laying at his place .
tr	O	他的目光落在萨姆胸前的洞上，并且他立刻停住了脚步。
tr	O	他看着她，眼中带着明显的请求，但是她却慢慢地摇了摇头。
tr	I	Then we 'd have to deal with his successor , but killing him would be permanent , of course .
tr	I	She wasn 't in the mood for lessons on Shifters at the moment , but Iona didn 't know what a Guardian was either .
tr	O	那个男人转身面向人群，但是他却没有看到尼古拉斯。
tr	I	If I rubbed just a little bit longer I was going to come and his erection was pressing against my swollen clit .
tr	I	It hurt too much , but Keeley tried to smile .
tr	O	科迪的父母周末不在家，而且科迪的钥匙锁在了他七个街区以外的车里。
tr	I	I didn 't attempt to hide it , and there was panic in my voice .
tr	I	He seemed confident that together they could handle the phantom , and he had known exactly what to do when they met the fog giant .
tr	I	His pinkie crosses over mine , wrapping around it and his injured arm comes up to settle beside mine .
tr	O	你只管认定你已经离开了，而且其余的事情就差不多会自己解决了。
tr	I	They 're just classmates , none of them my friends , but a few random faces pop up .
tr	O	我面向亚历杭德罗，背对着门，但是，我仍然知道伊森靠近我的那一刻。
tr	I	I snickered slightly and he rolled his eyes .
tr	I	Sal wouldn 't let her but Laci tried to move away .
tr	I	Our thoughts aren 't , but the room is imagined .
tr	I	A stiff breeze sprang up to push her back to the pier , and she said .
tr	O	有人问道，并且凯特吓了一跳，惊讶地看到一个男人站在她身后。
tr	O	我们可能是农民，但是我不会让孩子在我大厅里随地大小便的。
tr	O	风暴正随着它向南移动而逐渐消散，但是情况仍然被认为是危险的。
tr	O	他的心意已定，并且就这样了。
tr	I	He leaned still closer , and his gaze narrowed , mimicking mine .
tr	I	He yelled , flinching away and I got one of them .
tr	O	像这样的一步会伴随着所有这些期待，而且我想我只是不知所措了。
tr	I	Confidence was something I certainly lacked , especially at that moment , and you need a lot of confidence to feel like a princess .
tr	O	我本该很高兴，但是它只是感觉很奇怪。
tr	O	他们低声私语，而且我很清楚她为什么在这里了。
tr	O	格雷厄姆握紧了拳头，而且他猛地张开双臂，挣断了几根缠绕着他的藤蔓。
tr	I	She didn 't have any idea how sever it was , but whatever news he was trying to tell her was bad .
tr	I	Maybe Juanita had called him after all , but it just didn 't seem likely with his slack personality .
tr	I	He staggered back , but he was unhurt .
tr	O	你知道这是错的，并且你妈妈称之为偷窃。
tr	O	他轻轻地用手指划过我的乳房，而且我本已挺立的乳头变得更加紧绷。
tr	I	Vanessa smiles back at him , and Rory bursts out laughing at that .
tr	O	我转身面对她，而且她已经面向我，脸颊撑在手掌上。
tr	O	我不得不，并且她知道这一点。
tr	O	他笑了，但是他的笑声很快就消失了，一旦他的目光再次落到我的嘴唇上。
tr	O	麦克奈尔的目光刺穿了她的脸，并且她突然感觉自己的脸像在烤架上煎炸一样。
tr	I	She can tell when I 'm lying to her and Drogheda 's got some kind of crazy sixth sense .
tr	O	我们看不到狙击手，并且这让马基几乎别无选择。
tr	O	你会带着手机，并且那里面有音乐。
tr	O	我挥了手，尽管我本打算不挥，并且他对我眨了眨眼。
tr	O	她说话时，目光与里约的目光相遇，并且他温暖的目光轻轻拂过她的脸。
tr	O	她的手臂环绕着我的脖子，并且她紧贴着我时把手埋进我的头发里。
tr	I	They left the house and he picked up Bongo .
tr	I	Michael 's stocky body was curled in a ball beside her , and Dee 's long legs were sprawled near the window .
tr	O	泰勒的声音，再次出乎意料，让她吓了一跳，并且她捂住嘴巴，忍住了惊讶的尖叫。
tr	O	达里乌斯怒气冲冲地走出房间，走向他的卧室，并且我跟了过去，生怕他会做出什么极端的事情，比如跳窗。
tr	O	房间里只有他和我。
tr	I	He was out of his seat as soon as the word left his lips , but the teen shrugged as though he couldn 't care less .
tr	I	The sword glanced off his armor and Tom turned to avoid the blow .
tr	O	修女把他们带到了一片大草坪中央，并且他们围成一圈坐了下来。
tr	I	The congregation has already gathered for their early-morning service , and the sun is just coming up .
tr	I	He drew her beneath the shelter of his broad shoulder , and he felt the small shiver that ran through Antonietta .
tr	O	天色现在几乎完全黑了，并且我希望我能更清楚地看到她的脸。
tr	O	这些模式在她脑海中连接起来，并且她看到了如何才能做到。
tr	I	This is taking it to an extreme , but Blue may be my favorite color .
tr	O	那个人很强壮，强壮得不可思议，并且他紧握的拳头纹丝不动。
tr	I	I can feel him here , but it sounds stupid to say .
tr	O	斯坦利从没在这么早的时候吃过鱼，更不用说酒了，并且他把这当作一种新奇的体验。
tr	I	I leaned forward , silently begging him to kiss me , and our lips were so close that I could feel his breath .
tr	I	Each time it was the same , and I kept glancing up at him .
tr	I	It was the woman sitting next to her that snagged Billie 's attention , but they were pretty , especially the small blonde .
tr	I	The way fairies tend to band together in groups we call families , but only two of us were actually related .
tr	O	我考虑从客厅的包里拿出我的牙刷，但是经过片刻的思量，我选择待在他的房间里。
tr	I	I was in no mood to pander but it went over badly .
tr	I	He immediately latched onto it , and his hand brushed against something .
tr	I	My mind wasn 't on the music , but I listened as they broke into their rendition of the latest country hit .
tr	O	他的声音比平时大了，并且我立刻知道我在错误的时机跟他说话了。
tr	O	科拉多在凌晨三点把他从床上拖起来了，但是他在开车途中没有解释他们要去哪里。
tr	I	Annie considered it her duty as their daughter to encourage their reconciliation , and her parents needed each other .
tr	I	I could practically hear her thinking everything through , trying to digest it , and Vee didn 't answer right away .
tr	I	Surprisingly we did so willingly , like participants in a street theatre show and he motioned to us to move closer to him .
tr	O	她的身体仍然躺在我面前的床上，但是她一生的故事已经结束了。
tr	I	For a few minutes all our worries disappeared and it was warm enough to walk without a jacket .
tr	I	She immediately shut me down , but I tried to talk to my mother about it .
tr	O	房间开始旋转，并且她努力保持静止。
tr	O	她又听到了斯图的笑声，并且她的脸变得更红了。
tr	O	这让我很生气，但是我当时确实不适合对此发表任何意见。
tr	I	The tulips looked promising , and the narcissus had been blooming in my backyard for a couple of weeks .
tr	I	Something has got to be done , but I really don 't want to throw her under a bus .
tr	I	Maya gently pressed the hilt into my palm , but automatically , I tried to shove the dagger back toward her .
tr	O	这次没有花招，并且我必须亲自设置它。
tr	I	It made him angry , but he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	She knew it , and she 'd totally killed Hello Kitty .
tr	O	我功课不及格，而且她知道。
tr	O	我的血液沸腾了，并且我的拳头也握紧了。
tr	I	He wished it were , even as the car pulled away from the hotel but he knew that wouldn 't be possible .
tr	O	它们就像睡着了，而且它们需要被唤醒。
tr	O	布罗迪尽力表现得谦虚，但是灰熊不擅长不显得沾沾自喜。
tr	O	婚礼反而无限期推迟了，而且克莱丽晚上能听到她隔墙的哭声。
tr	O	她永远不会见到她了，而且她对此感到相当难过。
tr	O	我确实有盈利，但是它还是很便宜。
tr	I	She felt amazing in his hand , and he curled his fingers around his sword .
tr	I	They continued on their stroll and she laughed under her breath .
tr	O	她转过身不理我了，但是我的内心怪物浮现了。
tr	O	是的，他是一位了不起的演员，但是她的直觉告诉她，他说那句话时并不是在演戏。
tr	O	凯特抱起双臂，并且亚瑟把手放在她的背上。
tr	I	The wooden gate opened and the noise died away .
tr	O	接着马蒂亚斯吻了我，并且我知道今天之后无论发生什么都会没事的。
tr	O	无从得知这会把他们引向何方，但是至少他们会在一起。
tr	O	校园乐队“橙色音符”仍在陆续进入他们的区域，但是他们对这股兴奋之情作出了毫不疑问的反应。
tr	O	我不介意养宠物，但是我的轮班时间太长了。
tr	I	We lay there , contemplating the night sky , and the rider fell to the ground beside me .
tr	I	Yet it was much more than that , and it was no more than that .
tr	O	我的手臂伸到他的手臂下方，并且我用指甲深深地抠进他的皮肤，抓住他的肩膀后部。
tr	I	This one was giving it a run for its money , but well , the first one after my parents ' death was awful .
tr	I	Only part of that task was building a fighting force -- and all that mattered was the task at hand .
tr	O	演出结束后她就会回到她的酒店，并且她将能够更放松。
tr	I	I 'm better off this way , and my fate was sealed long ago .
tr	I	I 'll bet this chest for supplies , but you can keep the coins you won .
tr	I	They 're critical to plant growth , and there are dozens of species of bacteria living in Earth soil .
tr	I	I kind of knew that would be the case , but I managed just fine as far as my thirst went .
tr	I	Soon he made it quite unthinkable for me , and that I might convert was unthinkable to him .
tr	I	He was more careful now , but nice people often ended up hurt when they befriended him .
tr	O	他的伤很严重，并且它比我做过的任何其他事情都花的时间更长。
tr	O	他看起来好像是这样，但是我把那个想法藏在心里。
tr	O	欧比旺的脸有点红了，但是他赞许地微笑着看着那个拥抱。
tr	I	Anna passed and Joshua illuminated each tombstone he .
tr	O	告诉他滚蛋的冲动差点让她失去礼貌，但是冲动的反应从未解决过问题。
tr	I	He jumped on top of her and she fell to the floor .
tr	I	Kimberly knew what he wanted to know but Jon couldn 't quite form a sentence .
tr	O	玛丽粉嫩的嘴唇如此靠近，但是她没有拉近他们之间的距离。
tr	O	她破旧的运动鞋在她自己的血泊中滑了一下，并且她的腿再也支撑不住她了。
tr	O	他能看到其中的逻辑，但是它在实践中将是彻头彻尾的折磨。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but she took it in mine , a few other kids staring at us .
tr	O	米歇尔站在我旁边，并且我们搜寻着下面黑暗的街道。
tr	I	When it was ready , we opened it up , and I clicked the icon to recover the Word document .
tr	I	He knew his words had been a direct hit and she flinched .
tr	I	I just had to tell someone but I 'm not sure what good it 'll be .
tr	I	Her heartbeat quickened , and she could still feel his breath on her skin .
tr	I	At least we didn 't have to leave with Cameron being so pregnant , but two months went by before it was legally ours .
tr	I	She most likely would have sensed him near her , but she never would have seen him .
tr	I	Mike didn 't know how much of it he could fix properly , and the damage was much more extensive this time .
tr	I	Darin was rash , but they 'd both seen something they wanted .
tr	O	他给了她一个快速的眨眼，并且他走了。
tr	O	她抱起双臂以防止它们颤抖，但是这并没有任何作用。
tr	O	他只剩下五天时间直到他的供应商出现，但是他确信他能把她藏起来，避开他的供应商。
tr	O	我真希望我能早点看到它，但是你们俩彼此互补。
tr	O	最终我解开了固定手铐的搭扣，并且它们脱落了。
tr	O	我不提供，并且他们不问。
tr	O	海登的、特里斯坦的、和洛根的脸变得严肃起来。
tr	O	他们在这里控制得很严，并且反神秘主义的安全措施太高了。
tr	O	一个人可以欺骗身体，但是无法欺骗灵魂。
tr	I	When she joined us , Benjy took one , and she carried two sleeping babies in her arms .
tr	I	There was a small chance he could win that fight , and he 'd challenge Cain for control of the demon dimension .
tr	O	她在他的掌握中挣扎，但是徒劳无功。
tr	O	我又回头看了一眼，并且所有人都躲在路障后面，除了罗德里格斯。
tr	O	他又笑了，并且有东西在我们上方移动。
tr	O	当然有吸引力，但是不仅仅如此。
tr	I	Maybe he is and he looks like he 's tripping on acid .
tr	I	Still he held fast , but the man dropped onto his chest .
tr	O	狗咳了几声，并且彼得盯着她。
tr	O	布莱克一边后退一边点头离开了房间，并且我瘫坐在桌子旁，肾上腺素飙升让我头晕目眩。
tr	O	他自己从不看那些信息，但是威廉向他汇报了这件事。
tr	O	我是这样发现它们的，呃，我和我妻子玛丽碰巧发现了它们。
tr	O	我已经非常习惯于将其他身体据为己有，但是我不确定真正的拥有者如何使用它们。
tr	O	我哭得更厉害了，并且我的话语被那种以我的语调显现的刺骨心碎的浪潮所压抑。
tr	O	电话在一条死胡同大厅里，并且他不想感觉被困住。
tr	I	I didn 't think I was good enough to get so much attention for it , but I 'm good .
tr	I	You didn 't dope kids up for things like that back then , and only Leo had it bad .
tr	I	The two of them laughed and Angela said something to Billy .
tr	O	她试图坐起来，但是凯恩牢牢抓住她，所以她不会意外地停止触碰他。
tr	I	I punched the correct siren , and when we got in , John started the engine .
tr	I	We were quiet for some time , and he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	Her full lips were most often curled into a large smile , and she had a small spattering of freckles across her petite nose .
tr	I	I thought it was absolutely hilarious , but I knew Lakin would be upset .
tr	I	This suited me fine , and she preferred Bible stories .
tr	O	她消失了，并且我与她一同崩溃了。
tr	O	马库斯的眼中闪过一丝痛苦，并且他直接看向了麦茜。
tr	I	Something horrible has happened , but I don 't know what .
tr	I	What he saw on Mairi 's face made him curse silently , and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Nothing could sneak up on me while I slept and I turned around so my back was to the wall .
tr	O	以前的塔拉会把那句话放过去，但是新的塔拉正在翻开新的一页。
tr	O	凯特对那段谈话其实不感兴趣，但是当他们交谈时，有什么东西引起了她的注意。
tr	O	我一直努力想弄清楚怎样才能让你选择我，但是我做不到。
tr	I	He pulls my face in his direction and I feel his hand touch my cheek .
tr	I	That 's what matters , and I have my Gramps .
tr	O	她不情愿地同意了，并且他告诉她周五晚上七点在餐馆和他们见面。
tr	I	The display lit up and he picked up his cell .
tr	O	他的舌头坚持不懈地探入我的双唇，但是我却抽身离开了。
tr	O	我很清楚，提到兰卡斯特让她受伤了，但是她尽力掩饰痛苦。
tr	O	几分钟过去了，并且液体变成了深褐色。
tr	O	在过去的八十六年里，我只见过他几次，但是我确实认识他。
tr	I	They were ineffective , but the Strands ' warlocks were hurling blasts in my direction .
tr	I	I am in my third year of studying Engineering at this university , and Alex Ramirez is my name .
tr	O	餐馆前面停着一辆车，并且那辆车看起来像是厨师的，因为服务员不在那里。
tr	I	He still felt a sensation of rocketing forward yet he was lying down , as if on a sled and the force pulled him feet first .
tr	O	那里是早上，并且他们没有停下来想我可能在睡觉。
tr	I	The title had long ago been worn away , and the book 's spine was cracked in a hundred places .
tr	O	我是一个瘾君子，并且克莱是我的海洛因。
tr	I	The little girl I 'd seen before , but I didn 't know the tall blonde woman .
tr	O	我又扔了一块石头，并且它把她吓跑了。
tr	O	他可能是被铐着手铐的那个人，但是他仍然想让她知道他喜欢掌权。
tr	I	Victoria wanted to know if he really died , like gone in the world but other people would say a person died just in their memories .
tr	O	他把它放在她的手掌里，并且她用手指摩挲着那张厚厚的浮雕纸。
tr	O	门在十点开了，并且玛格丽特走进店里。
tr	I	He tried to pet it and the puppy licked his hand .
tr	O	我没有偷听凯西的电话，但是我很高兴知道她正在交朋友。
tr	I	I can see now and my mind is open .
tr	O	她想恨我，但是我却想忘记她。
tr	I	I 've no idea how to write it down , but I feel like I 've learned something important about the race to come .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember where they were , but she remembered somewhere , him telling her the same thing .
tr	O	聚集在岸边的其他五名船员并非都是强壮的运动员，但是他们都是男人。
tr	O	这是一种奇怪的感觉，并且埃德温不确定自己是否完全适应这个想法。
tr	O	我从未想象过，但是本吉之后还有生活。
tr	O	她没有躲开，但是她全身紧绷。
tr	O	他们避开我们，并且我们避开他们。
tr	I	I can 't help you get back there , but now , I am here to help you .
tr	I	Eventually I nodded off , but that thought made it hard to fall asleep .
tr	O	她移动的方式令人着迷，并且每个人都在看着她。
tr	I	Four heads were sheared free , and four axes fell .
tr	I	She still seemed happy , but her enthusiasm was subdued .
tr	I	He found himself looking down on the landscape from a height of about eighteen feet and the giant rose cautiously to a standing position .
tr	I	He found himself in the livery , and Nolen 's eyes flew open as Ryker released him .
tr	O	这里更冷，寒风从漆黑的水面上呼啸而来，并且我把手深深地插进了冬衣口袋。
tr	O	讽刺原本是要做命运的工作的，并且她认为他应该对她未能得到负个人责任。
tr	I	He told them why , and it all sounded like religious crap .
tr	I	There were no lights illuminating it either , and I noticed after The Square , we had past a station that the train didn 't stop at .
tr	I	A nurse calls in each day and his housekeeper , Mrs Bruce , has been with him for years .
tr	I	A savage elation was rushing through him , but he calmly slid the sheet back into the envelope .
tr	O	也许她应该叫醒他，并且他们可以一起找些有趣的方式打发时间。
tr	O	我们走到我见过最大的建筑前，并且在它前面有一个巨大而静止的东西。
tr	O	这个故事还有更多内容，但是弗兰克另有打算。
tr	O	他还没有脱离困境，但是能透过树木看到道路。
tr	O	我被他们的痛苦所折磨，并且我需要花时间治愈自己。
tr	O	他所有的注意力都集中在吸收海文的源能量上，而且他没有料到会遭到直接的物理攻击。
tr	O	她知道它以前被租出去过，但是租客们总是很快就搬走了。
tr	I	Nobody can sleep , not after what we 've so recently witnessed but it 's late in the night .
tr	O	我们现在被束缚于拖运直线空间，并且我不知道迪娜准备了什么样的补给。
tr	O	杆子被白色的帽子覆盖着，并且分析毫无疑问地证明那是水。
tr	O	已经凌晨两点多了，并且路上空无一人。
tr	O	洛丽跳起来同时拥抱了他们两人，并且她的活力极具感染力，以至于维姬尽管心情不好也笑了。
tr	O	她把他打晕了以便逃走，并且尽管他看起来无力，他却能让她留下。
tr	O	她已经逃走了，并且她现在一定知道那会激怒捕食者的反应。
tr	O	我不会再忍受他的废话了，并且他会学会不再占便宜。
tr	O	很少有事情能干扰我的能力，并且我不再能监控你，对此我很不高兴。
tr	I	I do not come to theirs and they do not come to my Bower .
tr	O	我听人说眼睛是心灵的窗户，并且现在我明白了原因。
tr	I	One who could make lightning pour down a hallway inside the faerie mound , but he was a storm god , too .
tr	O	我才购买它一年多一点，但是它就已经成为平板配件中的一个异类了。
tr	I	Ready to cuff and Joe had Susan 's hands behind her back .
tr	O	布达不常让血妈妈离开，并且这令她惊讶得说不出话来。
tr	I	The order was unmistakable , but her voice emerged as a soft , seductive purr .
tr	I	I 'm transfixed by the ocean , but I should offer to help dad .
tr	I	Neither of us can predict public reaction with any accuracy , but I certainly do not want distraction of that kind .
tr	O	我本能地站了起来，一开始以为他是在和我们所有人说话，或许我们只是被运送到另一个大院。
tr	O	女士们穿着长礼服，并且男士们穿着燕尾服。
tr	O	救援人员可能给女孩们抛了救生索，但是这些骗子仍然是艘正在下沉的船。
tr	I	She put her arms around my neck , and I picked her up into my arms .
tr	O	电梯门开了，并且他们走了进去，作为电梯里唯一的客人。
tr	I	Neil left and they kissed .
tr	O	珀尔给了她一个大大的拥抱，并且几秒钟后艾比邀请她进了房间。
tr	I	I don 't stop walking until I reach his car , but I hear Karen crying my name .
tr	I	She forced hers to do the same , and his lips curved up in a fake smile of greeting .
tr	I	The tan hadn 't penetrated and he had had longer hair in Miami .
tr	O	诺埃尔从表情看出少校即将发泄，但是本着良好的盟军合作模式，他忍住了。
tr	O	办公桌后面有一位护士，并且我看得出她不是好惹的。
tr	O	凯莉手里拿着那个小塑料东西走了出来，并且她又哭了。
tr	I	She hoped so , but whether her father would be in tow , she couldn 't be sure .
tr	O	阳光明媚，并且露水使植物闪闪发光。
tr	O	她答应今天会带赛斯来，并且我很高兴见到她。
tr	I	I could only interpret a few , but a thousand emotions played over Zoe 's face as we peeled out .
tr	O	她本该感到惊讶的，但是她没有。
tr	O	她一屁股坐在床上，并且他动了，压在了她身上。
tr	I	No other traces of the fight could be found , but Aragorn searched the ground in a wide circle .
tr	O	这对于一个十六岁的男孩来说似乎过于老套了，但是他就是不肯让步。
tr	O	她早些时候经过的一些树已经开始发出春芽，但是这些树一棵都没有。
tr	I	The woman distracted him , but she 'd never believe it .
tr	O	他用手指慢慢地试着旋钮，但是没有反应。
tr	I	She was so tortured that I couldn 't resist , but I knew I should let that thought sink in .
tr	I	He saw hope bursting forth from the misery engraved in her filthy , torn countenance and Marcie smiled up at him from her battered little girl form .
tr	I	Liam cries out , and the few centimeters of give it has is enough .
tr	O	她先试了一下，并且第四把钥匙合适。
tr	O	她对我很好，而且我一定会报答她。
tr	I	Nash was nowhere to be found , and Jake was talking to several jocks .
tr	I	The leather resisted him before giving way , but he reached for his belt .
tr	I	He always said hello back , and even Raquel , who detested virtually all the in crowd , said hello to him in the hallway .
tr	I	Caleb crouches next to her , and Susan collapses to the ground , crying .
tr	I	Her arms are crossed over her chest and her hair is scattered across her back .
tr	I	Nothing was making sense as I went through the motions , but looking back , I knew it was a horrible thing to do .
tr	I	She didn 't give him one and he obviously didn 't expect a response .
tr	I	The move was too little , too late , but she shoved into Duncan , knocking him aside .
tr	I	I 'm terrified that someone will see me standing there , and there 's a side window looking out at the gate .
tr	I	He had grown up coming here , but Missy 's dad had died when she was four .
tr	O	他所有想象的灾难，而且他从未想象过这个。
tr	O	显然，我们无法回答他因为我们的嘴被堵住了，但是我不认为他真的期待一个答案。
tr	I	It all still meant nothing - and I learned to go through with it , to follow their lead , to accept their guidance .
tr	O	孩子们很好，也许是太好了，但是我心存感激。
tr	I	You certainly can 't hire anything around here , and it 's not like I have another one .
tr	I	It might strengthen him long enough for the doctors to save him , but I don 't know if your blood will cure him .
tr	I	Jain lost her right hand grip on her weapon and Wood cracked against wood .
tr	O	她知道他不会伤害他们中的任何一个，但是这就是她所知道的一切。
tr	I	That seemed foolish , but her first instinct was to look away .
tr	O	这并非她想要的答案，但是她觉得最好不要追究此事。
tr	O	我不会费心把垃圾文章复制到这里，但是，我还是会导入我认为重要的那些。
tr	I	The young man could perhaps be the First Lord , and take away the weathering of time in his features .
tr	O	因为路灯，你现在看不到太多星星，但是，你可以看到月亮。
tr	I	They might do things differently , and the two Necessities are different .
tr	I	She was afraid she 'd lose Jacob if they moved into one of them and the homes were enormous .
tr	I	Adriane was in a less than perfect mood , and Rachel had a raging headache the next morning .
tr	O	胳膊还在动，但是，她知道那有时会在之后持续一段时间。
tr	I	His wife was killed some time ago just after they bought that beautiful place in Eaton Bishop but George has done very well for himself .
tr	O	他看起来不怎么开胃，但是，他不在菜单上。
tr	I	Him screaming expletives into the night sky and the last thing she heard was the sound of paintball guns going off .
tr	I	Good-bye was another tearful affair , though less so than the last time , and we put the argument behind us as best we could .
tr	I	Morgan 's eyes were damp , too , and Claire blinked back tears .
tr	O	他们爬进了她的车，并且，她启动了引擎。
tr	O	他是她的Alpha，并且，他们以最深刻的方式连接着。
tr	O	她讨厌那种带鼻音的烂东西，但是，她没钱了。
tr	I	The whole thing had me a little nervous , but I didn 't say anything .
tr	I	Mike scooped the little dog into his arms , and Kojak greeted him in the foyer with yapping barks .
tr	O	这是一个让夏娃悲伤的事实，但是，现在对此无能为力。
tr	O	根据角落里那座巨大的座钟，当时刚过凌晨三点，但是她却无法入睡。
tr	I	He 'd be in big trouble or he had to divert his focus .
tr	O	我如此深爱着这个男人，但是我却不知道这段关系会走向何方。
tr	I	She was listening , watching him attentively , but no flicker of recognition in her eyes .
tr	I	I know that a lot of people get killed , but one of us is wrong about how many vampires kill people .
tr	I	He wasn 't beyond begging this woman , but Daniel never begged for anything in his life .
tr	I	The relentless wind is kept at bay , and loyal guards push the massive doors shut .
tr	O	朱莉脸红了，并且约翰脸上露出了羞涩的神情。
tr	O	她才认识他几天，但是却无法否认这个事实。
tr	O	我遇到你的时候，我就想忘记那样的生活，并且很长一段时间里，那种生活就停止存在了。
tr	O	植物无法依靠它们发芽，并且云朵也没有停留在它们应该在的地方。
tr	O	其中有些窗户被封住了，并且有些则完全空着。
tr	O	我查看了我的手机，但是没有未接来电。
tr	O	她听着这个，但是她人却远了。
tr	O	女人退缩了，但是她仍然保持着勇气。
tr	I	Her face betrayed no other emotions , but her eyes had gone wide .
tr	O	我抬起一只手，随着更多的能量在我背部积聚，并且一道红光从我指尖飞出。
tr	I	Edward is a little bit of a control freak , but there are only three of us .
tr	I	He cried out one last time and his back arched .
tr	I	The candles glowed into lovely , glimmering life ... and this time he held it longer .
tr	I	His skin is hot against mine , and our layers of clothes begin to evaporate .
tr	I	It dawns on me , and then I remember the kids at the street corner .
tr	O	我是他的目标，而且他从在餐厅的第一天起就一直和我们在一起。
tr	O	你不要得罪太多人，并且你就能顺利相处。
tr	I	All of his plans would have been ruined and they would have found out who he was .
tr	O	我决定亲自去看看，并且我人就在这里。
tr	I	Yet , she did nothing , and he called out her name at least a dozen times .
tr	O	她认为她可以透支买一个新的，但是她讨厌再增加一笔月供。
tr	O	我们确实有工作要做，而且如果我们的开场迟了，罗伯茨会很生气。
tr	O	也许杰克中了彩票，并且他们正在打电话通知他！
tr	I	She was beginning to wish she had spoken to the first man , and there was no sign of life at the next few farms .
tr	I	He remembered them late into the night , plays burned into the wood grain of his mind , engraved with a code and they called out plays .
tr	O	萨姆看得出来黛安娜想和他争论，但是他必须确保她明白。
tr	I	Fright kept me glued to the spot , but I wanted to help .
tr	I	Thomas crested the mountain , curving toward the farthest side , opposite the mansion and sent Will , as he .
tr	O	她用她的戏剧性来掩盖她的悲伤，并且茱莉亚为此感到高兴。
tr	O	他的眼睛飘向我的脸颊，可能是在检查他留在那里的红印，但是随后它们又飞快地转向我的嘴唇。
tr	O	我抽泣了，并且他把我拉进他的怀里。
tr	O	其中一些是我的，但是它们也有一种我不太能理解的疏离感。
tr	O	这条鳄鱼非常强壮，并且我担心我会把她撕碎。
tr	O	我让他措手不及，并且我身下的那个人惊讶地抬起头。
tr	I	The ringing phone stopped her , but she got halfway across the room .
tr	I	She could smell his spicy aftershave and his mouth was too close .
tr	I	She might take your eyes out and tell her anything .
tr	O	她的睫毛抬起，并且她用迷茫的绿眼睛盯着他。
tr	I	He seemed disappointed and his face fell .
tr	O	它很笨拙，并且它很快就结束了。
tr	O	他说他会把会议开得很短，但是我不知道那意味着什么。
tr	I	His eyes warmed up , and the wry humor left his face .
tr	I	I scrabble off the bed , and the whole shack wakes up .
tr	O	我感觉自己的头脑不对劲，好像我以某种方式变小了，但是我把这一切从她那里隔离开来。
tr	I	Their bodies fell , and their heads rolled .
tr	I	She couldn 't come to any conclusion , but Mia was thinking about what Jonas said .
tr	I	When he looked at me , there was an infinite amount of patience on his face and Aiden stopped .
tr	O	我发现自己从不想放手，但是我们必须回去。
tr	I	Elec nervously darted about in the shadows as he wanted this trek to be a clandestine one and a moment passed .
tr	I	We didn 't even know what was wrong with him , and it would suck so much .
tr	I	It was obvious he was in a lot of pain but Colby bore up gallantly .
tr	I	A reedy voice began to sing , and the sound of a mousy squeak answered her .
tr	I	Their eyes locked , and she turned her head .
tr	I	A hand gently covered my mouth , but I started to speak .
tr	I	My body feels loose and my muscles are warm .
tr	I	Then a calmness stole over him , but at first he did it to get her out of the way .
tr	I	The concierge still didn 't come out to greet me , but my footsteps echoed as I walked across the empty lobby .
tr	I	There were some magnificent chandeliers in the form of flowers hanging from the ceiling and the ceiling was unbelievably high .
tr	I	There was no room to budge but Chewy squirmed in Tom 's arms .
tr	I	I knew better , but she said she wanted to give me a bath .
tr	I	Before she could even open her mouth , Luna stood up and Chapter Three Mrs. Chandler looked at the girl on the floor .
tr	I	He greets me and like today , when the guards usher him in .
tr	O	我的头发很乱，到处都是，但是它恢复了原来的长度。
tr	O	她告诉他们她想留下她带不走的家具，并且她希望他们能用得上。
tr	O	你想起来了，并且你在想起你妈妈的脸的那一刻就把它叫了出来。
tr	O	马车猛地一震停了下来，并且洛根猛地打开了门。
tr	O	自从带着武器和B组再次出现以来，她对他所做的一切难道真的只是演戏吗？
tr	I	Her mother is my own Mother 's dear sister but she told me her father has been long dead .
tr	I	He jerks back , and his expression plummets .
tr	O	领导者需要率先走出这条路，并且那也是我们要做的。
tr	O	她会提醒我她知道什么，并且我生活在她会揭露一切的极度恐惧中。
tr	I	I wonder if her feelings have intensified with his summer upgrade , but I 've known forever that Laurel likes Thayer .
tr	I	I felt empty without Vasily , but studying for them speeded my mental recovery .
tr	O	米奇不是世界上最可靠的人，但是史蒂文在理解人方面很重视他的意见。
tr	I	A little life stirring inside her own womb ; and the hope for the future brighter than ever .
tr	O	他似乎对我的回应很满意，并且他僵硬的肩膀放松了一点。
tr	I	I was physically taken aback , and Kiran whispered fiercely to me .
tr	I	He looked quite matter-of-fact , but I looked at Alcide sideways , to see if this was startling to him .
tr	I	He presses them against the surface of the counter , tapping them twice like he 's counting and he has two fingers held up .
tr	O	我挂上档，并且我开始开车去新奥尔良。
tr	O	咀嚼一种你永远不会吞下去的陈旧的、非食物物质对我来说似乎不合理，但是我什么也不会说。
tr	I	I refused to let go of her but she tried to peel away from me .
tr	O	到周末，他已经完成了初步设置，并且周五早上它生产出了第一个高冲击力椅子外壳模具。
tr	O	惠特尼医生，您已经给了我们不少信息，但是我们确实需要确切地知道对这些人做了什么。
tr	I	I couldn 't lose him again and Jack was the prize .
tr	O	话语带着一点急促说出来，但是她还是把它们说出来了。
tr	I	She looked forward to the release of death , and the wooden sword in her gut was slowly bleeding her .
tr	I	The last thing I wanted was for him to go to jail , and I knew what he would do if he knew I was worried .
tr	I	It was actually delicious , but Never in my life did I think I 'd enjoy the taste of squirrel .
tr	I	I feel them , hear them , as my own but these are One 's thoughts .
tr	I	It was a hard age and she was eight years old .
tr	I	I shall lie in it and I 've made my bed .
tr	I	She Pushed against it lightly , slowing her descent , and it hit the cobblestones .
tr	I	She 'd fallen into a coma , but physically she hadn 't been badly injured .
tr	I	We were packing and I went over to help .
tr	O	桨被拿来了，并且船被降到平静的蓝色海洋上。
tr	I	He didn 't really think about them too much , but he figured there were others out there .
tr	O	它很简单，并且它让我很惊讶。
tr	O	詹姆斯凑近看，并且在他父亲的食指旁边，他皮肤上有一个大约一角硬币大小的黑点。
tr	I	Neither compared to Aden 's own stabbing , when his body had been the one violated , but both instances had been a lesson in pain .
tr	O	他不能说话，并且他不能写字。
tr	O	玛丽是他的伴侣，并且她怀着他的孩子。
tr	I	We 're going to keep it and we made a promise to her .
tr	O	工作站坏了，但是它仍然可以传输代码。
tr	I	I noticed he had another over his shoulder and Alex handed Emma a rucksack from his back .
tr	I	Yes , love and Mike gave me a look full of understanding .
tr	O	多姆以他那种惹人厌的方式捻着胡子，并且我不安地挪动着脚，渴望离开。
tr	I	I hated not being able to take care of him myself and I hated seeing him in this place .
tr	I	His jaw got tight , not like he was angry , like he was in pain and I watched as his eyes closed slowly .
tr	I	I know that I 'm in my bed and I can feel the soft bedclothes around me .
tr	O	盖勒格学院有一种特别的美，当教室黑暗，并且走廊安静时。
tr	I	Taking Kincaid 's money had seemed like the only way available , and he 'd wanted to strike back in any way he could .
tr	O	他可能仰卧睡觉时癫痫发作了，并且没有人把他翻到侧面。
tr	I	There were damp footprints on the concrete floor and a cold drizzle had begun falling .
tr	I	Her lungs won 't let her make the sounds , but she 's trying to say something .
tr	I	Mr. Bentley showed them into the warehouse , and Emeline smiled at the man , murmuring her assent .
tr	O	爱德华仍然沉浸在圣诞节和那些礼物中。
tr	I	I headed toward them , adjusting my helmet so it was straight on my head and the humans waited for me near the edge .
tr	O	船底出现了一个开口，并且我们掉了出去，轻轻地落向行星表面，穿过朦胧的大气层。
tr	O	他不介意米丝蒂看到一切，但是如果他的思想继续狂乱，他将永远无法掩饰自己日益勃起的下体。
tr	I	In print he had been a colossus but yes , Liddell had been weak in person .
tr	I	Kalli ends up nearly on my lap , and it 's a tight squeeze with me on the outside .
tr	O	我不理解它，但是我尊重它。
tr	O	玛丽亚迅速后退，并且我也尽力照做。
tr	O	往里看时，他的呼吸卡在了喉咙里，并且他僵住了。
tr	I	She immediately knew it would be him , even before she had looked at the caller ID , and her phone had rung .
tr	I	He 'd rejected it , and she 'd offered him her love .
tr	I	He smiled when he saw her , and his eyes slowly opened .
tr	O	她内心深处有一个时刻，她开始憎恨正在发生的一切，并且这让她感到恶心。
tr	O	几个披着毯子的印第安人在镇子的边缘徘徊，并且在那之外，是一片布满星星的平坦黑暗。
tr	O	墙上的小夜灯很亮，并且我眯起了眼睛。
tr	O	他很担心你，而且他熬了一整夜。
tr	O	有些人会称之为恩赐，但是我相信它并非如此。
tr	I	The largest piece was embedded in her throat , but the water glass was in pieces .
tr	I	Everyone turned to look as a figure blurred into the room , and the screen door shifted .
tr	O	我现在看了看，并且我们独处。
tr	O	我们确实为一些事情争吵过，有点激烈，但是他不是一个混蛋。
tr	O	有时候工作很忙乱，而且她回家时筋疲力尽。
tr	I	He would be safer and she would be safer .
tr	O	直到最近，她还希望迈克会邀请她去返校舞会，但是很明显他已经看上了别人。
tr	I	She could see for the first time the outline of the cave mouth and they scrambled over the rocks .
tr	O	杰米爷爷命令道，并且那人猛地一颤。
tr	O	她一生中只在之前有过一次类似的感觉，而且那次也和内特有关。
tr	I	I almost slipped at the entrance of the elevator and first thing I noticed was plumbing dripping from overhead .
tr	I	Blaine had to bolt to keep her in sight , and Part Cheetah , she could obtain high speeds easily .
tr	I	She didn 't even know yet that the other woman was barely a woman and this was already devastating to her .
tr	I	I guess he figured a little reminder would be appropriate , and evidently he 'd seen me during the morning .
tr	I	He had even started to fight and he was naked , which meant he 'd charged in fully shifted before Shane .
tr	O	她的脸颊靠在他的胸膛上，而且我看到她的嘴唇发紫。
tr	I	It was too late for that but I should have practised some threatening uses for my telekinesis instead of extreme origami .
tr	O	也许我终于找到了我命中注定的地方，而且这就是我的迹象。
tr	O	它没有被触碰，没有被移动，而且看到它让她心中涌起希望。
tr	O	克莱尔看着沙恩，并且他为团队牺牲了一次。
tr	O	我们每人带了一个大包，并且我有一套新衣物，多亏了和瑞恩的快速购物。
tr	I	He took a deep breath then sat shaking on a seat in the centre of the chamber and it finally ceased .
tr	O	当我们拿起它的时候很轻，但是它一路上变重了。
tr	O	现在不是产生疑虑的时候，但是这总比在争吵中产生疑虑要好。
tr	I	The others followed and she walked to the kitchen .
tr	I	Then , after another time of rest , she helped him to stand and Misty helped him sit up .
tr	O	瑞尔姆伸手将我的下巴抬向他，并且我呼吸一窒。
tr	O	他这些短暂的触碰让我想要蜷缩起来，并且鸡皮疙瘩乍起，进一步凸显了我疤痕累累的手臂。
tr	O	这不算什么，并且谢里登也知道。
tr	O	一个小声音在她脑海里低语，告诉她尽管他可能看起来像艾萨克，但是他不是他。
tr	I	He had a likeness to go on and he had a description of the daughter .
tr	I	It wasn 't why I left home , but sure , it hurt .
tr	O	她张开嘴想为自己辩解，但是她又能说什么呢？
tr	I	I heard the sound of his voice in my ears , and I remembered kissing him for the first time on Gordon 's sail boat .
tr	I	Apparently there was no religious litmus test , but the man was a saint killer .
tr	I	The witches would be alerted to his presence , and if he moved , he would disrupt the rhythm .
tr	I	Whatever medicine they 'd given him seemed to help , but his throat still hurt .
tr	O	查理在他们之间发现了一个有趣的共通点，但是到目前为止，他还没能得出一个令人满意的结论。
tr	I	The way Gramps 's memory is taking him away , and the way Mom 's leaving me now .
tr	O	他只用了极短的时间就穿过了它，并且诺伦惊恐地意识到房间正在缩小。
tr	O	你是一种顾问，并且紧密的联系形成了。
tr	I	Robert squeezes into the back and I pull back the chair .
tr	O	他的声音颤抖了，并且他吞咽了一下。
tr	O	伊芙发出了警告的叫声，但是克莱尔在霰弹枪举起时挡在了奥利弗前面。
tr	O	某个时候会流泪的，并且西尔维会在那里。
tr	I	It felt for a moment as if they had time for everything in the world , and Redgrave was nowhere near .
tr	I	I swept an arm underneath her legs , and she wrapped her arms around my neck .
tr	O	她漫无目的地走着，但是她确实想和维罗妮卡说话。
tr	O	我踩了刹车，但是车速却加快了。
tr	I	He nodded in return , and I lifted my fingers in a kind of wave .
tr	I	Then they started glowing , and slowly the names were turning red !
tr	O	一切都很安静，并且我以为租客们已经安稳地睡着了。
tr	I	There was still something that didn 't feel right , but I knew that the conversation was over .
tr	I	I won 't go back on it , and I made a promise to certain people .
tr	O	我呼了口气，并且它便向地毯中央的一个黑暗身影飞去。
tr	I	I needed to make sure I was ready , but I wanted to call you every day .
tr	O	她同意给他们一个机会，并且他们承诺在第二天晚上回来。
tr	I	Neal gripped her hands , using them to push her away , and she opened her mouth over his ear .
tr	I	This one was somehow different , but it was another golden room like the one in Jura .
tr	O	咆哮声再次充满了她的存在，并且她的胎记也活了过来。
tr	I	He pushed me away and we rolled .
tr	I	I didn 't think I was up for it , but they 'd asked me to come earlier .
tr	O	他空着的手环住了她，但是他无法把她拉得比她已经紧贴着自己更近了。
tr	O	它一直涌出，直到最后一缕卷须蜿蜒而出并且一团滚滚的烟雾形成。
tr	O	他们一边聊天，拉里一边把酱汁涂在排骨上，并且他们的笑声飘到了她耳边。
tr	I	His whole body felt like it was on fire and CHAPTER FOUR David was almost done with his run .
tr	I	He doesn 't turn , but I wait for him .
tr	I	It wasn 't to be rejected and I was there for one reason .
tr	I	My muscles felt like I 'd run a marathon from being tensed while crawling through the duct and I was shaking .
tr	I	Cole doubted their horses could fly , but there might be a big army coming .
tr	O	我似乎记得她被选中了，但是 我没有太在意。
tr	O	法国人密切关注事态发展，并且 法国驻卑尔根领事已经警告他们要特别小心。
tr	O	夜很漫长，并且 我们都没睡。
tr	O	他们一时都静止不动，并且 似乎有什么东西在他们之间传递，尽管克莱尔无法确切地判断是什么。
tr	I	She had to be long gone before then , and Tynan would come to see her as soon as he woke up .
tr	I	You did it , and I knew I could trust one person never to leave me .
tr	I	She scowled , and her eyes settled on someone .
tr	O	他这样选择是因为它离前门最近，而且 他就不必在遇到邻居时尴尬地避开。
tr	O	服务员带着我们的食物回来了，而且 有一分钟我们完全专注于自己的汉堡，无法继续交谈。
tr	O	我以为这会让他更看重我，而且 他会忘记要杀我。
tr	I	It continued to hold me , but I fought against the blackness .
tr	O	他走进房间深处，并且 门在他身后关上了。
tr	I	I felt guilty for making her uncomfortable , but I didn 't appreciate her seeing any of Micah 's points .
tr	O	离泰德大约十五英尺前方有一个僵尸，并且它正在从事他所见过的最不寻常的行为。
tr	I	When clouds come into view , they 're carrying messages to me , and N : Sometimes I imagine you just over the horizon .
tr	I	He unleashed his vocabulary again as he greeted them , and the stout orator who 'd spoken to them in the harbor was waiting at the door .
tr	O	这事困扰我一整晚了，并且我越是思考它，它就越是让我好奇。
tr	O	那会搅局，并且那是我们所能期望的最好的结果了。
tr	O	我们最终道了晚安，并且我上楼去换睡衣。
tr	O	你尝试了五千多次来赢得一项分类，但是你从未拥有足够的理论知识。
tr	I	Aaron doesn 't even look before kicking him outta the way hard , but and goes for Aaron 's legs .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop the feeling , but it was foolish of me to resent moving further inland .
tr	O	她一直叫他回家，但是他不愿意。
tr	O	这可以被解读为艾什莉所说的一个有点负面的评论，但是她发出这评论时听起来却异常高兴。
tr	O	没人信任你，并且没人想要你。
tr	I	I brushed them away , but tears stung my eyes .
tr	O	她惊讶地看着我，并且她的手从我的短裤上放开了。
tr	O	小队将会被分开，并且那不是什么值得高兴的事。
tr	I	She looked away and her body grew tight .
tr	I	I directed her to the general vicinity of my home and she pulled out of the lot silently .
tr	O	这可能看起来很乏味，但是它会让你进入状态。
tr	I	The door closed behind her and she stepped forward .
tr	I	He later learned that they would change to water over time , but they were too painfully cold to put in his mouth .
tr	O	桌子旁边的几个人坐直了，并且那个名叫赛德的人深吸了一口气。
tr	I	I suddenly want to devour every page and her eyes are like two open books .
tr	O	一阵漫长而意味深长的沉默弥漫在空气中，并且我把手放到了沙发上。
tr	I	I needed him now more than ever and he 'd always been there for me .
tr	I	I laugh , and he gives me that already familiar expression of doubt .
tr	I	Mr. Peacock sees everything , and there 's an old country store called Peacock 's .
tr	I	She bit her lip in pain , and the girl 's face turned white .
tr	I	Nobody would be surprised that they were dead , but those who discovered them would be puzzled what they were doing off course .
tr	I	Evan never did , but some flirted a bit with the teenage girls .
tr	O	玛丽卡叹了口气，但是她服从了。
tr	O	我没有时间把干净衣服放进我的储物柜，并且它们现在可能已经皱了。
tr	I	She still wanted to see him ... and she didn 't have a good answer for that except that she had agreed to .
tr	O	她所要做的就是转过头，并且他们的嘴唇就会碰到一起。
tr	I	She often escaped here , but the private patio on top of the hotel 's tallest tower was off-limits to guests .
tr	O	她想让她的父母明白这一点，但是她知道这几乎不可能。
tr	I	When the teacher was occupied elsewhere , he leaned toward me from his desk , and I saw him looking at me with concern .
tr	O	他正在让她心碎，并且这让他很难受。
tr	O	我不喜欢他们，而且我认为他们应该被禁止。
tr	I	This party would be a lot better with him around ... but she couldn 't blame him any .
tr	O	对卡罗琳来说，那听起来是一个非常有说服力的论点，但是那个男人似乎并不为所动。
tr	O	我试图引起他的注意，但是医生没有回应。
tr	I	I was shivering by the time I saw the shipping container , but you would think that having been in a damp cave would have prepared me .
tr	O	她皱了皱眉，并且他感觉到她再次将她的追踪能力集中在那件武器上。
tr	O	我们的策略将立即改变，而且您的组织能力将至关重要。
tr	I	Ezio looked from one to the other , and more Assassins had entered the courtyard now .
tr	I	Feathery roots tickled the back of my neck as I crawled in farther , and Cold dirt pressed against my jeans .
tr	O	她可能甚至不知道自己在这样做，但是埃里克的勃起快要把桌子顶穿了。
tr	I	My mother didn 't care , and my father was a mean drunk .
tr	O	太阳终于出来了，并且沙子向四面八方延伸开来。
tr	O	他会跑步，并且他会赢。
tr	I	Though I don 't turn around , I hear his voice clearly , and Holly follows me .
tr	I	He started talking to me each time class met , and he introduced himself .
tr	O	那样过一晚还行，但是它不能持续太久。
tr	O	团队已经在地下系统建立家庭安全区，并且你需要被分配一个空间。
tr	I	She would never notice considering her lack of mechanical knowledge , but it 's probably the most obvious .
tr	O	我把它扔向他，而且他毫不费力地接住了它。
tr	O	她能闻到血的铁腥味，但是没有萨姆身上传来的恐惧气味。
tr	I	A flush suffused her face , and she remembered what they 'd done together .
tr	O	我感到我的另一滴眼泪落下，而且他把它擦掉了。
tr	O	他们互相撕裂了三十年，而且他们就不能停下来十五分钟吗？
tr	O	悲伤地转身，而且在此过程中，你也毁了我得到它的机会。
tr	I	It was not really more than a bubble of fun , but this speech of Gwendolen 's had rather a malicious sound .
tr	O	在其中一个梦里，他那样对她说了，但是我现在知道那是个谎言。
tr	I	The wind began to pickup and dark clouds began to roll in .
tr	I	She leaned down to laugh into his ear and ares was carrying Raquel on his mighty shoulders .
tr	I	The store was a mess , but they 'd sold a great deal of merchandise !
tr	I	She wouldn 't change a thing , but it 's a bit of a zoo .
tr	O	他差点转身看看它是否还在那里，但是墨迹中他名字的光芒让他无法分心。
tr	O	我曾试图给她打电话，但是她的手机关机了。
tr	O	差不多一分钟过去了，并且布莱克咬了咬下唇。
tr	O	那是一种奇怪的做法，但是他们是群奇怪的人。
tr	I	Therefore she should not undergo this pain and she was his private case of emergency .
tr	O	他烧水都会烧焦，但是他能做出一锅美味的鲶鱼。
tr	I	It never did , but after that , he glanced at the window regularly , waiting for the pigeon to reappear .
tr	I	It becomes a slaughter , or we have to have rules that we live by , even in war .
tr	I	Ben absent-mindedly picked them up as he made his way through the room and two of the chairs had been knocked over by one of the explosions .
tr	I	The wreckage was overwhelming , and Knox 's past had collided with my own .
tr	I	He would be unable to think of anything else until he 'd solved this dilemma for her , and she was troubled .
tr	O	他没有杀死他们，但是那也差不多了。
tr	I	I was totally serious , but he thought I was kidding .
tr	O	他正在吃力地集中精神，拼命想捕捉到一些背景噪音，但是他却什么也听不到。
tr	I	He will undertake a full investigation or not because I 'm worried that he will tease me mercilessly .
tr	O	约书亚的嘴巴猛地闭上了，并且他第一次看起来很害怕。
tr	O	子弹擦过我的耳朵，并且我毫厘之间躲过一劫。
tr	I	She felt the barrel of another gun against her temple , and she saw Matt smiling .
tr	O	他不记得以前发生过这种事，并且他怀疑自己是否对这份职业感到太安逸了。
tr	O	如果没有，核战争的可能性就会真实存在，并且他实际上不想考虑那种可能性。
tr	I	They recovered enough to leap at him , punching , and he landed .
tr	I	I kept coming up against a wall once I got to the part with my Jeep flipping , but I struggled to remember what happened .
tr	O	现在她所要做的就是收拾几样东西，并且她就可以离开这里了。
tr	O	有一次，他斜眼看着我，但是他没有像那天一样微笑。
tr	O	克丽丝塔是他的母亲，并且发生了一场可怕的事故。
tr	O	她丝毫没有改变，并且她仍然穿着同样的衣服。
tr	O	朱莉吓坏了，但是她体内的孩子想要正义。
tr	O	他的嘴从她的嘴上滑开，并且他向后倾斜。
tr	O	呼吸变得容易，但是我更清楚不该勉强自己。
tr	I	Amica was not ready to be on the floor , but he was afraid that Roberts would want them to come back to work .
tr	O	他的手指缠绕在绳子上，并且他足足点头了一分钟。
tr	I	I could make her wish she 'd never been born but I couldn 't beat the hell out of a woman .
tr	O	他看起来有点像一只绵羊，并且他仍然和他的妈妈住在一起。
tr	I	They almost seemed disappointed that I hadn 't gotten my butt in trouble , and the crew had moved on to barn B .
tr	I	The first one was most prominent in her mind but she was afraid for two different reasons .
tr	O	我的全身充满了能量，并且它一直蔓延到我的光脚趾。
tr	O	最初几次尝试只是勉强成功，但是他最终找到了一个效果相当好的。
tr	O	他们先在那里，并且接着他们就离开了。
tr	I	None of them could ever remember what the test entailed , but he knew that all of the village boys were tested by the strange sect .
tr	O	坚持怀孕这么久意味着有希望，但是过程的任何部分都不确定。
tr	I	I clutched it tight , and it was so warm .
tr	O	从邦迪到沃克吕兹需要13分钟，并且这13分钟绝对是我生命中最漫长的。
tr	O	他眼中流露出一丝同情，并且他用一只手抚摸我的脸颊。
tr	O	这会很疼，但是他会活下来，只要他移动得足够快。
tr	I	We stepped inside , and the doors slid open .
tr	O	我心中升起担忧，但是我强颜欢笑。
tr	O	我们转过一个街角，并且我惊讶得下巴都要掉了。
tr	O	我很幸运有一副好耳朵，并且我很容易记住音乐。
tr	O	她曾问农场参观是否要额外收费，但是显然亚当不肯收任何费用。
tr	I	After a few moments , a young man stepped forward , and silence immediately fell across the camp .
tr	O	她把头往后一仰，并且她的脸上失去了她之前所有的热情。
tr	I	He took his shirt off and we got under the covers .
tr	I	Her balance wavered and she stood up .
tr	O	我正被带离我所爱的世界，并且我不在乎。
tr	O	突然有什么尖锐的东西猛击他的背部，并且他猛地转身看到约翰拿着他的霰弹枪。
tr	O	他已经计划了一段时间，并且现在是时候把思想付诸行动了。
tr	O	他的牛仔裤渗出鲜血，但是那看起来比实际情况更糟。
tr	O	艾薇儿回来了，并且那是我一生中感受过的最好的感觉。
tr	O	唯一的光线来自我的车，并且我享受着黑暗。
tr	I	I wasn 't biting , and that was the real purpose of her statement .
tr	I	I get behind her and she gets into position .
tr	O	我母亲跟着他出去，并且我感觉到我的脾气就在表面之下翻腾。
tr	O	他的房子，而不是他们的，被袭击了，并且他们没有伸出援手。
tr	I	He felt really good and he felt as if he was at some celebratory event .
tr	O	是的，我不需要佩戴刀刃，但是赢得使用权使其佩戴变得至关重要。
tr	O	林迪没有听到她丈夫的答复，但是无论他说什么显然都没有安抚史蒂夫，因为不久之后史蒂夫又开始发作了。
tr	I	All she could notice was the lone figure on the beach , but the wind whipped her wet hair into her face .
tr	O	那些小细节都在，但是改变得足够多以至于现在感觉非常不对劲。
tr	O	风把我的头发甩到我脸上，并且我急躁地将它拨开。
tr	O	我跑得更快，感觉到眼泪涌出，心跳也变成了颤动。
tr	I	From what I have heard , the bodies were found quite destroyed , torn up , even , and no gunshots were reported .
tr	O	它聚焦在约翰身上，并且过了一会儿机器开始发出哔哔声。
tr	I	I probably would have stopped somewhere along the way , but I would have tried .
tr	I	Jase said you got him right away , and very few people are good with George straight off .
tr	O	我们收拾好了，并且我们到家了。
tr	O	他身高高于平均水平，而且看起来他其他方面也高于平均水平。
tr	O	他不太清楚这趟旅行该期待什么，并且豪伊没有给他任何细节。
tr	I	Suddenly she could smell the scent of a dozen other wolves lurking through the forest , and her nostrils flared .
tr	O	赌场老板伊森·贝克遇害了，并且蒂芙尼需要找到真凶。
tr	O	厨房的门猛地打开了，并且巨人们冲进了房间。
tr	O	她又沉默了，而且这让我抓狂。
tr	O	也许他会因为我扭了他的手指而给我找麻烦，并且我就会有借口好好打一架。
tr	O	第一章 死亡通常不是斯特凡会庆祝的事情，但是这次有它的好处。
tr	I	Nothing in her expression gave away my score , and my hands shook so badly that I was afraid I 'd drop it .
tr	O	她扑向他，想要抱住他，但是他在最后一刻闪开了。
tr	O	桌子已经摆好，并且餐具也已摆放整齐。
tr	O	我低头看着我的身体，但是我没有变红。
tr	I	He knew it and she was teasing him .
tr	I	He pushed her away from him but she went to him to hug him .
tr	O	我想M是我的朋友，但是我宁愿杀了他也不让他尝这个。
tr	I	Frozen rice bowls and the freezer was filled with single serving pizzas .
tr	O	莫蒂默点了点头，并且他们俩在把船系到码头时都沉默了。
tr	O	别人都看不到，但是我看得一清二楚。
tr	I	He doesn 't seem to notice , but the leather cuffs holding his wrists securely to the table are digging into his flesh .
tr	O	他说那在报告里，但是当他翻看报告给我看时，他发现这显然被遗漏了。
tr	I	In the sound she heard the wellspring of his loss , and he sighed .
tr	O	我能感觉到他的身体就在我身后，并且他身上散发出的热量。
tr	O	我秘密地希望那是年轻的，而不是年长的，但是无从知晓。
tr	I	It seemed sensible to at least appear courteous , but after waiting three weeks for this meeting , I wasn 't about to leave .
tr	I	Her body is right up against me but I try to move onto my back .
tr	O	五年前你说你需要时间，并且我给了你。
tr	I	Not touching her and living with her , being near her .
tr	O	尼克能听到另一端有个低沉的声音，但是他听不出任何单个的词。
tr	O	这事情也变得尴尬起来，因为其他病人和医院工作人员已经开始注意到她了。
tr	O	没有任何生命的迹象突破水面，并且她也不在意仔细检查。
tr	I	I just want to make sure but I 'm sure he doesn 't .
tr	O	格雷戈尔认为他们会做对他们的物种最有利的事情，而且老鼠可能是更强大的盟友。
tr	O	瑞克的话被听到了，但是它们没能让他平静下来。
tr	O	朱利安好奇地重复了一遍，并且追梦者点了点头。
tr	I	I 'm the first person you 've seen and I can 't believe that you 've been alone in this town for a year .
tr	I	Timmy grew even more uncomfortable , and the escorting constables laughed .
tr	O	看到他们扭曲的脸让我胃里翻腾，并且我强迫自己移开视线。
tr	O	她当然对劳尔会发出这样的邀请并没有真正感到惊讶，但是听到这个消息仍然是如此美妙。
tr	O	他看着我，并且眼睛眯了起来。
tr	I	Smith 's flat was in Shillings and the Fine Fellows Club was located in Central district .
tr	O	自从你回到我的生活中，我从未感到如此充满活力，并且我愿意看看我们是否能一起创造些什么。
tr	I	Myself standing there alone , with the plain red background behind us , half a family and it was eerie to look at my mother .
tr	O	我张开嘴准备回答，但是斯隆的眼睛在她审视证据时睁大了。
tr	O	她似乎在取笑我，但是我却不能为此太生气。
tr	O	那引起了兰德的注意，并且也引起了敏的注意。
tr	I	Her fear was palpable and she knew as well .
tr	O	阿尼会烧烤，但是他的烹饪技术却有点平庸甚至糟糕。
tr	I	I make my way into the living room and she steps aside .
tr	I	Other then data gathering , not much to see and there isn 't much to hear .
tr	I	The ringleader let Lena 's wrist go and he stood over the men .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure but Chicky thought she saw tears in Rigger 's eyes .
tr	I	His buttons strain his waistcoat , and his chin folds like dough over his neck .
tr	I	He quickly distances himself from the blonde and Foster 's eyes lock on Jules .
tr	I	Calisthenics still produced sweat despite the morning 's chill , but muscle stiffness had passed weeks ago .
tr	I	Of course nobody could , but Vic looked from person to person , as if hoping someone would contradict him .
tr	O	树木被雕刻在石制天花板上，并且它们延伸到熟睡的女性人像上方。
tr	O	他的湿发凌乱不堪，并且他正仰卧睡觉，这是他除非筋疲力尽几乎从不做的。
tr	I	She clung , and the thought was a lifeline .
tr	O	因为我还有太多没告诉他，并且我也不打算近期告诉他。
tr	I	Brant agreed , but Abby protested .
tr	O	我不是人类，并且我的朋友们也不是。
tr	O	伊森的下巴抽动了一下，但是他设法点了点头。
tr	I	No one seemed to notice anything strange , but Reece looked around at her fellow passengers .
tr	I	She was no fool , but Eunice might be upset .
tr	O	肖恩正轻声说话，并且我能听出另一个声音。
tr	I	Lex gagged again , looking away , and it snapped with a sickening crack .
tr	O	汗珠冒上她的额头，但是这不重要。
tr	O	如果科林不在这里稳住她，她会讨厌的，但是他哄着她伸展，去突破她的极限。
tr	O	我的运气没有持续下去，并且我腿部中弹了。
tr	I	That could be months away yet , and a lot would be determined about their future once his orthopedist cleared her for jumping .
tr	I	His smile faded a bit and he sat down next to me .
tr	O	我需要好好教训他一顿，并且我不在乎在此过程中是否会被逮捕。
tr	O	来这里某种程度上是个错误，并且约翰的发现让他震惊不已。
tr	I	He stayed at her heels , but she hustled down the stairs .
tr	I	His stare kept them by the doors , but they seemed like they wanted to pat him down .
tr	I	Her brothers were now old enough to take care of themselves and Chelsea knew her dad was never going to change .
tr	I	It scared me and I was slipping back into that world of loneliness .
tr	I	They weren 't anywhere to be seen , but I began screaming for my family .
tr	O	我抓住了朱尔斯的手，但是那并没有帮助。
tr	O	瑞克试图抓住她，但是她比他快。
tr	I	They splashed into the ocean together and he took her hand .
tr	I	She must do surely but I wasn 't sure this was true !
tr	O	片刻之后传来一声闷哼，并且那只手放开了他。
tr	I	No was not what tumbled from her lips , but her lips parted .
tr	O	他们在淋浴时嬉闹，所以她上班迟到了。
tr	I	Her eyes were still closed , but tears streamed down her face .
tr	I	All our perceptions are personal , and it is duration we perceive .
tr	O	罗伯特站起来欢迎他们，但是与此同时，他一直用他冰冷、难以捉摸的目光审视着他们。
tr	O	某人清嗓子的声音让我猛然警醒，并且我转身，双臂在胸前交叉呈X状。
tr	O	他笑了，但是笑容却没有到达他的眼底。
tr	I	I sighed happily , and the water felt wonderful against my skin .
tr	O	他曾在某处读到，这里是美国本土四十八州中雪山火山最集中的地方，而且这很容易让人相信。
tr	O	那不是真的，但是我想避开进一步的解释。
tr	I	I don 't want to lose you ever again and you have been my best friend my entire life .
tr	O	他对一切都极其坦诚，并且这也吸引了她。
tr	O	我不知道为什么会这样，但是它确实有效。
tr	I	He 'd gone formal , with actual shoes , but like Shane , he was wearing jeans .
tr	I	There was nobody meeting any of them , but there were at least three that answered to Abu 's description .
tr	O	我能看到汗水顺着他的胸膛流淌，而且我想把它舔掉。
tr	I	Blood dripped down from my arm , and the chains vanished from my foot .
tr	O	夜晚变得凉爽起来，并且她被纱笼裸露的肌肤上起了鸡皮疙瘩。
tr	I	His fever has abated and his wound is healing .
tr	I	They could come back , but the others ran off .
tr	I	We ate our food while listening to the radio and she parked the car around the corner .
tr	I	Austin 's shot had gone wild , and her bullet had found its mark .
tr	I	Inez thinks an intellect like Perry Mason would be better , but I think we need someone hard-boiled like Mike Hammer .
tr	O	太阳普照，并且即使在清晨，外面也已经舒适地温暖了。
tr	I	He made no move to pick them up , but his star-shaped sunglasses fell off .
tr	O	她的篮子现在很重，拉扯着她的肩膀并且她走过了那条线。
tr	O	我吃着爆米花，已经安全地度过了我的晕船期，并且泛着光芒的太阳开始下沉。
tr	I	It was hard to take , but he supposed that was what friends were for , pointing out your mistakes .
tr	O	阴影岛长期以来一直被誉为吸血鬼的避风港，但是现在却有传言说猎人已经占领了这座岛。
tr	O	桌子层层叠叠，首尾相连地排着，并且宴会仍然溢到了鹅卵石上。
tr	I	Nate heard footfalls as the man sprinted after them and the flashlight beam wobbled .
tr	O	他的怒火短暂地吓到了她，并且安娜相信这导致了那个梦。
tr	O	她的一只手臂搭在我的胸前，并且她的手轻拂着我的头发。
tr	I	She agreed to call him Erik , but Christine wasn 't sure she fully understood .
tr	I	He glared back at his father , and Thor felt the sting of it .
tr	O	沿着丘陵街道的房屋都很宏伟，但是景色却让他叹为观止。
tr	I	The tears were real , but she might have come there to seduce me .
tr	I	A man put his head out , and one of the windows went down .
tr	I	He automatically bent down and she reached up .
tr	I	DVDs were small , so I stockpiled them , but I didn 't have a ton of room in my apartment .
tr	I	This one was far weaker than before , but another scream echoed throughout .
tr	O	我有一个家，并且我有钱。
tr	I	He can come in many shapes , many forms , but he is evil never doubt that .
tr	I	I want better for you and my first experience was far from perfect .
tr	I	Taylor had always been something of a cowboy , but he 'd been warned about his behavior Robert .
tr	I	Somehow they were still alive , but they had done everything wrong .
tr	I	He was so cruel , but afterward I went to tell James .
tr	I	It had somehow been exploded into something of monstrous proportions by the arguments it had caused , but the problem itself was not a large one .
tr	O	他注意到奥利维亚的车不在当铺后面了，并且他很惊讶她不在家为旅行打包。
tr	O	他几年前心脏病发作了，并且他的妻子一直叮嘱他要多休息。
tr	I	He truly made the story his own and he did a lot more research in addition to what I had done .
tr	I	Red lights blazed around every corner and as soon as the door exploded a siren went off .
tr	I	He looked back at me , totally shocked and I looked up at him .
tr	O	今晚窗户一直关着，并且百叶窗也拉上了。
tr	I	Bounty hunters received payment for their efforts - and this was where pirates were turned in .
tr	I	A curse to fall from his lips , and Chad slammed his fist into the dashboard , causing a huge crack .
tr	O	她仍然不知道他是什么意思，但是她不在乎。
tr	O	温度正在升高，但是她被人看到的担忧也随之增加。
tr	I	My instincts were screaming again , and Raw power surged through him .
tr	I	I guarantee he 'll be close by , but unless he 's stupid , he won 't go inside since there 's a warrant for his arrest .
tr	O	我努力想说话，但是我悸动的心让我哑口无言。
tr	I	Abby screamed , and the object landed with a thud about five feet in front of them .
tr	I	He doesn 't even like corn dogs , and Boy can 't even let somebody else have the last corn dog .
tr	O	他对它的必要性感到遗憾，但是他已经决定将计划进行到底。
tr	I	John spoke first , but he was about to pronounce the summary of his thoughts on the matter .
tr	I	It did not clatter upon the stony ground as it should have , but he cast it aside in disgust .
tr	O	我想要尖叫，想要把所有的痛苦都发泄出来，但是 我做不到。
tr	O	我要了8月11日，并且 量是平均的。
tr	O	她整晚都睡在他身边，而且 他毫无疑问地知道那是她的第一次。
tr	O	你可能想原谅我，但是 你现在还做不到。
tr	I	The implications of their chemical misalignment in normal people 's reading of their emotions , and he delved into how sociopaths can sometimes fool lie detectors .
tr	I	He needed to even up the score somehow , and someone had destroyed his life .
tr	I	It felt like Superman was squeezing his throat , but Bret wanted to ask something , to scream something .
tr	I	He didn 't want to break away , but suddenly he realised what she was doing .
tr	O	他很坚定，并且 她的眼睛眯了起来。
tr	I	Jace 's body knew it , and shifters wanted more than anything to make more Shifters .
tr	I	I don 't even believe , and I prayed with her .
tr	I	He had kept her fun , and she had kept him steady .
tr	O	我僵在原地，而且 我的喉咙干了。
tr	I	John found it impossible to stay still , and No-one came for a long time .
tr	O	当我醒来时，世界不是白色的，但是 是一种令人沮丧的米色。
tr	I	They 'll swing over , just as I did with you , and once they come out on the roof , I 'll throw them the lines .
tr	I	Her body had refused to obey her commands , but she 'd tried to lunge at them .
tr	I	They were slogging back out to their positions again , and then they had raced ahead of the pursuing enemy .
tr	I	I snickered and Jessie 's tone was dry .
tr	I	He says it 's not but I think it is rape .
tr	O	他知道自己给那个城市女孩留下了印象，但是 他可能因为那句不经意的话而毁掉了一切。
tr	O	她笑了，并且我停止了说话，心里想着到底什么对她来说那么好笑。
tr	I	Sometimes I think he will , but he doesn 't hit me .
tr	I	It wouldn 't happen out of a sense of obligation , and before the marriage was over , he would have her .
tr	O	他缺少了游戏中的银色标记，但是那些都无关紧要。
tr	O	可能性是无限的，并且这仅仅只是开始。
tr	O	结果发现他的家人一直在不懈地寻找他，并且有一天他们联系到了我们。
tr	I	It was still far away , but the boat seemed to move closer .
tr	O	我恨她，但是我我知道她只是一个暂时的麻烦。
tr	O	他向Turbo点点头，并且他们走向门口。
tr	O	这一个伤了一条腿，并且牧羊人像一只残破的蜘蛛一样爬走了。
tr	I	Flickering with heat and his eyes were like blue starbursts , wild .
tr	I	He was telling the truth , and I looked around .
tr	O	我回家，并且当我走到房子前面时，我听到有人叫我的名字。
tr	O	我们会在高空中，并且我们会移动得非常快。
tr	I	Meanwhile you keep working , and every step of this thing will take weeks , months .
tr	O	她把他的餐厅搞砸了，并且他给她送花。
tr	O	我真的不想对她说任何话，但是我也不想让她以为我们不是朋友。
tr	O	她选择了懦夫的方式，并且她不打算为此道歉。
tr	O	皮奥里亚，又名弗朗西斯·史密斯，早就消失了，但是我也想把那些飘扬的报纸抛诸脑后。
tr	O	它发出的光芒和地球上的月亮一样亮，但是当然它看起来比月亮大十倍左右。
tr	O	他激动得无法自持，因为血液在他的太阳穴搏动并且他的皮肤布满汗水。
tr	O	我不想吓到她，但是不告诉她可能比告诉她更危险。
tr	I	Now , so was she , and she didn 't seem to care that I was sopping wet .
tr	I	I see a message to the President and her email is open on her computer .
tr	I	She assumed most couples did , and her parents shared a bed .
tr	I	When I saw her in profile I gasped , and then Lynn passed me .
tr	O	Kiran 试图听起来很自信，但是 我能看到他正在深入思考这件事。
tr	O	随着他的移动，他平坦的腹部泛起涟漪，并且 我甚至懒得假装不看。
tr	O	我无法想象是怎样，但是 我们彼此反应如此剧烈。
tr	I	Noodle would sniff it out in a microsecond , but Tommy was going to leave his bag under the chair with the books .
tr	O	那有时会发生，当你才刚过三十，而你床上的其他人都有几百岁了。
tr	I	There isn 't much time to spare and we are working hard on the Carnival .
tr	I	All I wanted to do was sleep off all the pains in my body , and my whole body felt stiff .
tr	O	我很高兴她这么做了，但是 自从她走了以后，就像我呼吸的空气中缺少了氧气。
tr	I	It wasn 't nearly as bad as before , but Guilt still washed through me .
tr	O	我原以为他的手指感觉很好，但是 他的舌头则完全是另一回事。
tr	O	他看到了凯蒂眼中的担忧，并且 那却不是为了她的妹妹。
tr	I	It was a voice she knew well , and the voice came from Lily 's earpiece .
tr	I	I step out of the bathroom , and one more tuck behind the ear .
tr	O	我放了一部电影，并且 我们钻进毯子底下，而我开始用手指梳理她的头发。
tr	I	His eyes are twinkling so brightly that I can tell he 's amused , but Pete raises his brow at me .
tr	O	一位美丽的女人从幕布后走出来，并且她是谁一目了然。
tr	I	He dodged it and the sword came at Webb again .
tr	O	我放松了拳头，但是我仍然把它们伸出来，形成一道屏障。
tr	I	She felt as though she would burst into tears at any moment , and her stomach was in knots .
tr	O	凯利的脚在盯着看的时候撞到了自动扶梯的末端，并且他差点跌倒。
tr	O	知道它属于你并且没有人会把它夺走，这会带来莫大的慰藉。
tr	O	两人相互凝视，气氛陷入一阵尴尬的沉默，并且玛格丽特渴望谈论一种完全不同的学习方式。
tr	O	她笑着转过身，并且埃里克拍下了她的照片。
tr	O	呼叫者再次沉默，并且特蕾莎开始变得不耐烦。
tr	O	药方奏效后，阁下又索要更多的药，并且我们照办了。
tr	I	He came for her again , grabbing at her hands to stop her from running back into battle , but she moved away from his grasp .
tr	I	She heard a softer , indistinct mumble that she recognized as Mr. Harris 's voice , and Walter 's voice rumbled as he relayed the question .
tr	I	Your boyfriend have created for us and you can 't imagine the PR nightmare you .
tr	I	When she 'd assumed he meant dead , Lucas hadn 't corrected her , and he 'd told Nadia his father was gone .
tr	O	A.J.弯下腰去捡她的包，但是他先到了。
tr	I	Wasn 't I already , but I might have been dead ?
tr	O	艾瑞拉坐在布上，并且西蒙给她倒了一杯闪闪发光的香槟。
tr	I	Hector had it if the expressions on the players ' faces were any indication , but it was a mysterious quality .
tr	O	他不需要诱惑，而且拉拉·卡梅隆就是诱惑。
tr	I	You 're going to need someplace to sleep , but I 'm fairly sure that she 'll knock that silly temple all to pieces before long .
tr	O	这段婚姻必须持续一年，对象是他选择的任何女人，而且婚前协议是可以接受的。
tr	O	评论当然褒贬不一，但是那是意料之中的。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他笑了。
tr	I	I liked the fantasy that things could work out , but I knew he 'd probably have that reaction .
tr	I	It 's important right now for us all to behave as if we were ordinary , but our family is special .
tr	I	I picked it up , and my phone buzzed on the desk .
tr	O	他苍白的棕色皮肤蜡黄，并且深陷的眼睛下有黑眼圈。
tr	I	The bizarre thoughts vanished and Hannah 's vision cleared .
tr	I	She couldn 't , but she tried to push the feeling away , knowing it would only cause her pain .
tr	I	We 'll never win a fight on this open beach , and we don 't know if one of them warned others .
tr	I	Then I suddenly start thinking of Henry 's green eyes , but I remember when I thought I would drown in them .
tr	O	他说他只想要你，而且我不想和他纠缠。
tr	I	Things were awkward , but I helped him when I could .
tr	O	他把我拉向他，但是我不能这样做。
tr	O	泥土覆盖了地板，而且里面没有人类的脚印。
tr	I	It was the step they were going to make , but a step in the right direction , he didn 't know .
tr	I	Her heart said no , but she considered the question .
tr	I	I pulled her to where the ground was a little harder and Scratch had regained her feet .
tr	O	两位女士走向我临时监狱牢房的门，而且海伦把手伸进口袋，掏出一小串钥匙。
tr	I	My strange powers are gone ... Then the Order is our only refuge , and if weapons cannot save us , he thought .
tr	I	They went home and he asked his father to take him away from the monster .
tr	O	她在试探情况，而且吕西安决定在这种不确定的情况下让她来主导。
tr	I	Sensing it , he rose up without a word but I opened my mouth to beg , to plead .
tr	O	那个画面让他的胸口内爆，而且他因这突如其来的疼痛而畏缩。
tr	O	观众为莉亚的胜利欢呼，而且莉亚以前的对手也这样做。
tr	I	She poured a cup for herself , and a muscle in her jaw twitched .
tr	O	塔克把手放在狗的身边，不是为了安抚它，而是准备在必要时给他的伙伴发出信号。
tr	O	凯莉冲进黛拉的房间，但是那个女孩不在那里。
tr	I	Soon Daniel Simon was there , and the maid called for security .
tr	O	史蒂夫在我们走路时在我们后面一瘸一拐地走着，并且我感觉到他戳了我的后背。
tr	I	She slid out of the car and he offered his hand to Emerson .
tr	I	A look of deep sorrow came over her face , and she nodded .
tr	I	No little light came on , but she jerked the door open .
tr	O	我不知道那场挣扎持续了多久，但是它感觉像一个世纪那么漫长。
tr	O	她看起来很害怕，而且我拒绝感到害怕。
tr	I	Valentine was expressionless , but he looked quickly to his father .
tr	O	她长胖了一些，并且她终于有了身材。
tr	I	She carried herself with confidence , and she was beautiful .
tr	O	我认识你，并且我认识斯特凡。
tr	I	I 'm on the receiving end , and you 've been blowing everything out of proportion .
tr	O	我和帕特里斯合住的房间在南塔下面，但是蕾奎尔就不会有那样的奢侈了。
tr	I	I was persistent , but it wasn 't easy to get him at midnight .
tr	I	It doesn 't take me long to agree , and Roman will not shut up ranting about how bad his defense lawyer was .
tr	I	I reveled in the power I seemed to hold over him , and he muttered my name , which sounded more like a prayer .
tr	I	Brenda showed him plenty of photographs from the attic , his mother in none of them , but he could not recall any other Christmases .
tr	O	乔琳期待着回家过节，而我却害怕那次驾驶。
tr	O	他们在本子上草草记着笔记，并且当他们写完后他们站了起来。
tr	I	I shut my eyes for a moment , and they both stopped flirting with each other to look over at him .
tr	O	她害怕血，但是她会立刻割伤自己，甚至是不顾一切地，试图提供帮助。
tr	I	I hadn 't even meant to and I put my friends in grave danger .
tr	I	That helped to lessen the load she carried , and fortunately her students behaved much better this week .
tr	O	我张开嘴想说什么，并且她把一根手指放在我的嘴唇上。
tr	I	She took another step away but I started to reach up to turn her face back towards me .
tr	I	Frankly , I didn 't want her to , and as we stared at each other , I didn 't expect Savannah to answer .
tr	I	He grinned in embarrassment and his men were cheering .
tr	O	那是一个发烧的梦，而且我无法满足。
tr	I	Pandora smirked , and muttered Marlon .
tr	I	The most remarkable woman I 've ever met , and you 're sweet , beautiful , frustratingly independent .
tr	I	He made a mental note to water it the moment he got back and it reminded Love of the one back in their office .
tr	O	当他再次将注意力集中在查尔斯身上时，事情变得模糊了，并且在转眼间查尔斯就倒在地上，喘着气。
tr	I	Ava reached for him , and he groaned , his eyeballs moving underneath his swollen lids .
tr	I	The air conditioner was on , but the windows were up so they didn 't have to shout .
tr	I	Even through the tears I could see her concern , but her face swam in front of me .
tr	I	I let that thought pass but it 's a little sexy .
tr	O	她的头猛地转向我，并且她的表情流露出悔意，好像她真的认为她可能伤害了我的感情。
tr	O	我立刻与未婚妻分开了，并且我与姐姐的关系在几年前因为我的事业而破裂了。
tr	O	黑眼圈框住了他蜜色的眼睛，并且一层汗珠覆盖了他的脸。
tr	I	She appreciated the sentiment , and she thought his philosophy kept things at the paper honest .
tr	O	诚然，我们关系不睦，但是想到他竟然会想要伤害我，这令人痛苦。
tr	I	She hadn 't answered the door , but when he couldn 't contact her , Jonah had driven hell-bent for Chandler .
tr	O	一股寒意沿着我的脊背蔓延，并且我把手臂环抱在胸前。
tr	O	那个少年拿出了另一个腐烂的苹果，举起手臂，并且士兵跳了起来，将男孩撞倒在地。
tr	I	The agonized expression on his face faded away , but he appeared torn as he stared at her .
tr	I	Felix , a soldier of Maurice , fell into the lower inning of hell into the cemetery of eternal condemnation and the earth opened .
tr	O	他的头开始剧烈疼痛，并且他的脚步慢了下来，随着他们内心的斗争愈演愈烈。
tr	I	McBride could clearly read the headlines on the front page , and he was reading an inside page .
tr	I	She sounded concerned , and it was Cassidy .
tr	I	It was a glorious day , one of those days that felt like spring , and the winter had been especially mild .
tr	I	Fabric was rough against his cheek , and there was a smell of dusty cloth in his nostrils .
tr	I	There were times when that seemed better than nothing , but maybe he was a cheap substitute for David .
tr	I	She took it from him greedily , and Lina could tell it was fresh .
tr	O	他已经就上次电话交谈中他相当唐突的反应与儿子把事情说清楚了，并且他不想让事情就此发展下去。
tr	O	这个人一定太年轻了，不知道这首歌，或者她只是在耍我们。
tr	O	我看了一眼奥尼克斯，并且他催促我继续。
tr	I	She moaned with pleasure , and he pushed his finger inside of her .
tr	I	His wife had not been as unaware as he 'd believed , and he 'd played too close to that line too many times .
tr	I	A groan came out and she opened her mouth to speak to her mom .
tr	O	它比其他的纹身更细，并且我以前从未注意到它。
tr	O	他试图跳起来，但是沙发太软了，他跌了回去。
tr	I	There couldn 't be any in the minds of his family , and there couldn 't be any room for doubt in his mind .
tr	O	当第三局开始时，我们的比分几乎持平，并且谈话停止，我们专注于手牌的玩法。
tr	I	My vision blurred , and I swallowed hard .
tr	O	他一直是个模范囚犯，并且在不以任何方式宽恕他罪行的情况下，他所说的一些话引起了监狱看守的共鸣。
tr	I	I dug my hands into the backs of his shoulders , and as he sucked , my arms wound their way around his back .
tr	O	多梅尼科在她进来时正在打电话，但是他冲她笑得那么美，让她心跳加速。
tr	O	它们贵得吓人，但是话又说回来，这个岛上的一切都是如此。
tr	O	她抬起头，并且她的脸色沉了下来。
tr	O	暗谷只在几里格之外，但是她还没准备好回去。
tr	O	我的双腿一软，并且我滑到了地上。
tr	O	这一天的剩余时间过得很快，并且很快就黄昏了。
tr	I	When she told him , Kenny offered to give his aunt away , and a small wedding was planned .
tr	I	I believe our present leaders realize this and we can learn a great deal from you .
tr	O	既然你已被逮捕，我已被拍照，并且我已完成了一份关于我遭受你袭击的报告。
tr	I	She had fallen into bed drunk , and they had gone out drinking afterward .
tr	O	我把缎带从顶部拉开，并且它掉了出来。
tr	I	The food was awesome , and our conversation was light .
tr	O	我们等待着步行信号，并且特雷把我拉向一个环绕杜邦圆环中心小公园的长椅。
tr	I	She started speaking softly and Gaia 's brow furrowed .
tr	O	会有花岗岩，并且会有沙子。
tr	O	有什么东西戳进我的身体侧面，并且我的身体开始发麻。
tr	I	Eric stuck out his hand , and he trailed off into growls .
tr	O	他把我引向悬崖，让我坐下，并且他告诉我一些让我震惊的事情。
tr	I	He did a little shudder that must have been a Martian sigh and his eyes looked up at me , then back at the sandwich .
tr	I	Another had a gorgeous mane of blonde hair and one guy 's shirt was a particularly bright shade of red .
tr	I	I had no idea how he was going to react to this revelation , but he 'd accepted the fact that it wasn 't going to happen .
tr	I	Slung it over his shoulder and the boy pulled a knapsack from the saddlebag .
tr	I	It assumes a reasonable sovereign , but that is a reasonable theory .
tr	O	我没有问她有什么不对劲，并且她没有告诉我。
tr	I	That 's how I felt , but it was silly .
tr	I	It made her wince and she heard the bitterness in her voice .
tr	I	Her breath caught in her throat , and he growled the words .
tr	O	音乐池里一阵骚动，并且一个吟游诗人站在讲台上。
tr	O	那个技术细节对我非常重要，并且对我希望继续享受的睡眠也很重要。
tr	O	加勒特伸出了他的杯子，并且黛文举起她的杯子与他的碰杯。
tr	I	Black spots swarmed in his vision , and he sat up too quickly .
tr	I	The hour was growing late but the job was finally complete .
tr	O	莱利只好叫人上布丁，并且晚餐以灾难性的方式草草收场，远比平时要早。
tr	I	From the realm of death , there was no return , but a ghost could come back from the Otherworld sometimes .
tr	O	突然我的腿感到一阵拉扯，并且我被拽离了西奥。
tr	O	她需要营养，并且库伦需要巴拉克古老的血液来完成治疗过程。
tr	I	I 'm damn sure going to plan just in case I have sex with Declan , but I might not plan to have sex with Declan .
tr	O	他甩头，尖叫，并且他的脸在我注视下化为灰烬。
tr	O	我对着我脑中的长者尖叫着要一个解释，但是我得到的唯一回应是死一般的寂静。
tr	I	I can 't reach the ship , and the comm channel doesn 't respond , however .
tr	I	Her smile was beautiful , and it was the woman .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to pay any cleaning bills , and as it is , they wore the ash from his head when it exploded .
tr	O	她心里清楚他没有那样做，但是他触动了她的某个敏感点。
tr	I	Evie was desperate to find out more , but that was all Aunt Priscilla knew .
tr	O	她的眼皮猛地睁开，并且她迅速地坐了起来。
tr	I	I 'm sticking to it and that 's my reasoning .
tr	I	Ken would have to teach them using his own car , and the best way would be to learn how to drive .
tr	I	I returned it , assuming he probably needed one too and he pulled me in for a hug .
tr	O	莱德打赌他们做到了，并且那些人类官员根本不在乎。
tr	I	Slung her shield and with Coral 's help she donned her helmet .
tr	I	Thoughts of it kept coming back like a recurring nightmare , but he didn 't want to think about the spanking anymore .
tr	O	你熬了一整夜，并且现在快中午了。
tr	O	我没有，但是我告诉她我有了。
tr	I	He knew her confusion made her angry and she looked bewildered .
tr	I	Her breath caught when she heard the front door open and her heart jumped .
tr	O	他试图把它藏在身后，但是他为时已晚。
tr	O	他显然不知道安德雷蒂这个名字，或者他肯定会说出不同的说辞。
tr	O	他看着，路易莎对他笑了笑，并且他们交谈着。
tr	I	Cale frowned , and a slow beeping reached him .
tr	O	我的心可能不完整，但是它仍然在跳动。
tr	I	She winced , pulling away , and one of the neon lights overhead swept over us .
tr	I	Veronica gasped , which broke through the cloud of arousal , and there was moaning .
tr	O	他那天晚上我倒掉他的酒时显得那么坚决，并且我把所有的信任都寄托在他身上了。
tr	O	蔡斯抓住她的肩膀，并且他轻轻地摇了她一下。
tr	O	那是一个蝶吻，嘴唇在皮肤上轻轻一触，但是当她抽身离开时，她知道自己脸红了。
tr	I	His promise felt more important than a mere kiss would have been ... but he hadn 't given her a kiss .
tr	O	她没有危险，并且帮派成员大多试图远离她。
tr	I	Whatever it was , it wasn 't going to be good , and Straker had an announcement .
tr	I	The chains prevented him , but even with the hooks in him he could have called prey .
tr	O	安德鲁点了餐，并且我决定就点他点的。
tr	I	I crossed my ankles , my core tightening in greedy demand , and my thighs clenched .
tr	I	The other guy , Henry Wells , glanced away from them , and Brent 's eyelashes flickered .
tr	I	I mean the words more than I ever thought possible , and my head is bleeding from my fall in the boat .
tr	I	What he 'd said had meshed with what Stefano 's men had seen , and she 'd demanded every detail from Aeron .
tr	O	达妮卡伸手去抓她，并且米歇尔把她推开了。
tr	I	They could always tell how good of a hand he had and Marcus was the worst player because he had no poker face .
tr	O	她的心开始狂跳，并且她的手指发麻。
tr	I	I was plumb tired and my jaw just dropped .
tr	I	Ward dropped the pouch into it , and Pitt reached out with an upturned palm .
tr	I	I just breathe , and I focus on the fact that this is all a horrible nightmare .
tr	I	Much to my surprise , he held it open for me , and he dashed forward to reach the front door before I did .
tr	O	我与这种“疯狂”的关系不断加深，并且我常常能看到它像一片乌云般逼近。
tr	I	It wasn 't enough , and I 'd done so much for her .
tr	O	也许我只会把我的手臂咬掉，并且如果那条手臂完全麻木了……也许我就感觉不到了。
tr	I	She also didn 't feel her personal details really mattered , but she hated to lie .
tr	I	Her cheeks reddened and her face flushed .
tr	O	我会给我的老板打个电话，并且她会转瞬即到。
tr	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且阿波罗叹了口气。
tr	I	He recalled none of it now , but he had remembered the Word .
tr	I	There 's no way one little accident will keep him down and he 's got some thick skin .
tr	I	She felt the same thing now , with this man and there 'd been a powerful physical attraction between them .
tr	O	科林因他新朋友的不适而变得不安，但是他没有为她采取任何行动。
tr	I	Alex heard the clack of dentures , and he worked his jaws .
tr	I	I 'd like to get to know you better , and we spend a lot of time together in this lab .
tr	O	我开始回答，但是特雷弗更快。
tr	I	The waves of the lake splash against the bank , and the cab air instantly frosts , crickets chirp just outside .
tr	I	She barely recognized it , and her voice was husky .
tr	I	Now it would come in nicely useful , and I had brought it all down into the Cold Room in case she wanted to freshen up .
tr	I	She curled into a ball to warm herself against the freezing floorboards , and Christine couldn 't stop the tears as they coursed down her cheeks .
tr	I	She did not refute his words , but her expression darkened .
tr	O	她回来时表情很严峻，但是马特安慰性地握了握她的手。
tr	O	薇薇安的声音很冷，并且她的脸是一张冰冷不屑的假面。
tr	O	热泪顺着她的脸颊流下，并且她用手背愤怒地擦去了它们。
tr	I	A grin was slowly forming at the corners of her mouth , and her eyes were closed .
tr	I	She groaned and he winked at her .
tr	O	他的眉毛皱了起来，并且他轻轻地摇了摇头。
tr	I	We had to slam the door shut in order to keep him in the room alone , and Spock tried to follow .
tr	O	一切都是例行公事，并且他们习惯了例行公事。
tr	O	当戴维斯解释时，他们都同意这是一个绝妙的主意，并且是发给外星人的完美信息。
tr	I	They were firmly planted in her son 's backside , and I had some very sharp claws for a Kitten .
tr	O	穿过雨水，这个区域看起来几乎宁静，甚至安详，但是他很清楚不能相信他眼睛所看到的谎言。
tr	I	It was draining her dry , and the leach had killed Amanda .
tr	I	He would try if she said no but he wasn 't sure if he could at this point .
tr	I	His eyes blazed and Browning 's head snapped up .
tr	O	我看到信封亮了起来，并且我的心一下子提到了嗓子眼，却在我看到它不是来自雅各布时又猛地落了回去。
tr	O	我确保它没有反光表面，并且我们搬了进去。
tr	O	整理沙发坐垫和扔掉邮件。
tr	I	I quickly nipped that in the bud , telling myself it didn 't mean anything , but my heart sang .
tr	O	当她走进来时，女孩们正开始担心，并且一阵阵的解脱感涌上她们心头。
tr	O	这是你想要的，并且我为你高兴。
tr	O	罗伯以为他会觉得这次旅行很烦人，因为他其实是来看摩根的，但是令他惊讶的是，他觉得它很吸引人。
tr	O	那将意味着我的生命是个奇迹，但是它不是。
tr	O	艾登闭上了眼睛，并且他叹了口气。
tr	O	他宁愿它们是他自己写的，但是他需要找一个抄写员重写这一份。
tr	I	She turned back to Kevin , and she had to stop it .
tr	I	Gwen is such a dear , and he wanted a grandchild desperately .
tr	I	I didn 't think they 'd ever actually go through with it , but I shouldn 't be surprised .
tr	I	Sensation took over and her eyelids closed .
tr	I	Her body is fighting her every step of the way , but she should 've been out of her weeks ago .
tr	O	执政官停了下来，并且他的嘴唇分开了。
tr	O	一只手钳住她的手臂，并且她差点吓得跳起来。
tr	O	我的手滑到她的腰上，并且我把她抱了起来。
tr	O	你可能还不知道，但是你在其他任何地方都不会快乐。
tr	O	我不会说西班牙语，但是勾勒出这些词语的情感不需要翻译。
tr	O	麦克斯正靠着急救站，并且当他看到我时，他的肩膀放松了。
tr	I	Her long straight hair slips across her shoulders like a pale satin curtain , and she straightens herself as she comes out from behind the door .
tr	O	也许她应该等到有人来接她，或者他们可能根本就不会来。
tr	O	没有人迈出从前到后那一步，并且我们都一起留在那永恒的时刻。
tr	O	这意味着他在打电话之前就派出了车，或者犯罪现场离她家那么近。
tr	I	He shooed me away , but I tried to follow .
tr	O	在我来不及做任何事之前，他睁开了眼睛，并且我感受到了他的凝视。
tr	O	他的技能相当次要，但是她认为有备用是好的。
tr	O	我正要把我的嘴唇贴上他的，无法自控，但是他阻止了我，并伸手过来。
tr	O	他一言不发，并且我想知道他是否还在我体内。
tr	O	我们以为我们失去你了，但是道格拉斯就是不肯放弃。
tr	O	我平时不常接到电话，而且那正是我所希望的。
tr	I	I kind of liked it , and being wanted for my body was something new .
tr	I	I gun the engine and the car turns over .
tr	O	他安静了那么久，以至于她认为她的话终于触动了他，他正在决定和她分手。
tr	O	他说话的语气好像我应该知道一样，并且我努力表示赞同，又不失礼貌。
tr	I	Doing a kind of comical dance , she flapped her arms in a failing attempt to steady herself , and Gravity gained the upper hand .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but I couldn 't feel any heat coming off the fire .
tr	O	有些需要进一步跟进，但是其中的亮点是哈姆林上尉，他最近在桑普森的幕僚处工作。
tr	I	I couldn 't ... but he said I could live there .
tr	I	He stayed several days with them , his harmlessness being apparent and they put him to work chopping firewood for the cook stove .
tr	I	The nurse held her down , but she tried to sit up .
tr	I	I figured that was just jealousy talking , but Demetri had warned me that his brother was different , that I needed to keep my distance .
tr	I	The swords of the finest Knights Ferrous in the Realm would shatter upon them , and a steel ram could batter them for days with no effect .
tr	I	This evening her limp was far more pronounced , but Gertrude had always favored her left leg .
tr	I	She could hardly focus on the discomfort as his lips took hers , but the craggy bark dug in between her shoulder blades .
tr	O	他把衬衫从我背后拉了上去，并且我感到有冰冷的东西贴在我的皮肤上。
tr	O	我抚摸了她的皮毛，并且那对她来说似乎已经足够了，因为她放松了。
tr	O	凯兰朝我瞥了一眼，并且我感到我的心跳漏了一拍。
tr	O	我可以打电话给其他女孩，但是达拉改变了一切。
tr	I	He 'd spent five hours detailing them during the video deposition , and he had touched on them briefly during Milton 's direct examination .
tr	I	He let my hands explore his body , traveling up his flat , hard stomach to the slight dent between his pecs and I sat up .
tr	O	这个房间里有八千多个空间，并且船上还有两个类似的宿舍。
tr	I	It did nothing to calm the tempest I could feel rising to the surface , but he growled .
tr	I	They don 't know much but now our classmates help him .
tr	O	奎因走开把泰坦带回马厩，并且我立刻就想念他了。
tr	O	罗布看着克莱尔勒马并沿着骑手队伍后退，直到她在他旁边。
tr	O	不知何故她在武器店外面，在一条人来人往的街上，并且杰斯在她身边。
tr	I	I repeated my question , which only seemed to irritate him , and he looked at me as if he were looking through me .
tr	O	一切都打包好了，并且我们准备出发了。
tr	I	The strong briny smell of the ocean rose up to fill their lungs , and the waves in the distance below them crashed loudly upon the shore .
tr	I	We sit there for so long I think he has fallen asleep and doesn 't touch me , doesn 't speak again .
tr	O	我管理这些事情已经好几个月了，并且我差不多已经驾轻就熟了。
tr	O	天已经完全黑了，并且我融入街边的阴影，悄无声息地穿过植物园。
tr	O	我知道这是错的，但是我忍不住。
tr	O	卢克的嗓音打断了我的遐想，并且我感觉到他正在戳我的手臂。
tr	O	我讨厌我必须知道，但是我几乎无法自已。
tr	O	这也让他想起了地球上的那些门，并且他想知道它们在哪里。
tr	O	我的胃一阵翻腾，并且世界倾斜了。
tr	O	我哥哥叫我，但是我没有理他。
tr	O	刀现在正放在地板上，在他旁边，并且他正试图处理伤口。
tr	I	I only spared it a brief thought before my mind returned to other , more pressing matters , but it was beautiful .
tr	I	Mostly I 'm embarrassed over the way I melted down , but maybe I should thank him .
tr	I	Sunday night , although less frenzied , had been equally as satisfying , and Saturday night had been even better than Friday .
tr	I	She could see the call was still active , but the phone was no longer at her ear .
tr	I	I kept my voice calm , but my arms shook with anger .
tr	O	卡勒姆把下巴收了下去，并且他不停地大口吸气，尽量屏住呼吸。
tr	I	It will teach Sean for going anywhere near her , and it will teach her for not listening to me .
tr	O	我喜欢他，是的，但是如果我遇到一个我更喜欢的人，我也不会错过。
tr	O	然后她笑了，而且妈妈很少笑。
tr	I	She steps inside , turning towards him and she finally manages to unlock the door .
tr	O	耳朵打在他的两眼之间，他向后倒去，惊讶地哼了一声。
tr	O	她向利亚姆示意，并且他换掉了袋子。
tr	O	我们环顾了墓穴四周，但是关于他再没有什么可说的了。
tr	I	Kelsey 's brow furrowed as she looked around , and Gage pulled into a space in front of the town 's only restaurant .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure he won 't be back , and Price is the dangerous one , at least to me .
tr	I	Managing a sick adult , but that was hard enough !
tr	I	We pass by the cove that marks the end of the good surface in only seconds , and her strides eat the sand .
tr	O	警报器响了一会儿了，而且蒸汽云一定很近了。
tr	I	He is not a well man , and Sir Albert is the steward here .
tr	O	她的声音穿透了整个房间，并且你能听到一根针掉下来的声音。
tr	I	The church is too ideal to be overlooked , but the castle would be too obvious a hiding place .
tr	I	We will rule the galaxy , and Chapter 23 Our enemies will be swept out of our path .
tr	O	他和其他孩子交谈，并且他不喜欢他们更担心我而不是他的事实。
tr	I	I hold my breath , waiting to see which side will win and her eyes bore into mine .
tr	I	Fearing she was slipping into despair , dashed to her at once , and William 's head flitted upward .
tr	I	Had to constantly prove it and she was , however , much more .
tr	O	公羊再次向他冲去，并且塔里克躲向了一边。
tr	O	过去几个月她通过所有那些举重锻炼增加了肌肉，但是那对她的颤抖毫无帮助。
tr	I	We dug in and chopsticks were passed .
tr	I	It cost Eliana her life and she broke them once .
tr	O	她一直等到打斗声变得遥远，并且当她看到守护者们愚蠢地将电梯无人看守时，她下降了。
tr	O	今天早上我没什么耐心，并且我不得不努力让我的声音不带刺。
tr	O	我的手在我意识到之前就从头下拿开了，并且在我碰到她之前我几乎无法控制自己。
tr	I	We 'll scan him , and they 'll want a pressure reading now .
tr	I	I shoved it on Preston 's skinny old head , and I pulled my riding hat off , the one with the gold circle on the top .
tr	O	我想到那事的时候裤子变得有点不舒服，并且我回握她的手比她握我的手紧得多。
tr	I	I did hear Akira 's clear , quiet response , but I hadn 't heard my father 's words .
tr	O	我打算尽快达成一笔交易，并且我今天还有三位潜在买家要见。
tr	O	艾萨克回头看我，拉起我的手，并且我们悄悄地往通向厨房的走廊走回去。
tr	I	If he had any chance of getting out of this place , there was only one person who knew how , and he was lost .
tr	I	Jewell drew back so she could look at Blake , and then her eyes snapped open .
tr	I	Lisa wanted and he took you with him to retrieve the things you .
tr	I	His eyes were glued to the money but his voice was contemptuous .
tr	O	我在自助餐厅里搜寻着里格尔，但是他当然没有出现。
tr	I	I sighed when my center came into contact with his muscled body , and my legs wound around his waist .
tr	I	At the same time she dreaded the night , but she could hardly wait for the sun set .
tr	O	他嘴里流着血，并且他手臂上裸露的区域有深可见骨的伤口，涌出暗红色的血。
tr	O	塔妮冲去开门，并且我呆呆地盯着炉火。
tr	O	埃斯米复述了查尔斯在我不在时引述的话，并且我差点窒息。
tr	I	Until the day he died she never regretted it , and she left with him after they were wed .
tr	O	我坐了下来，并且他坐在我旁边的椅子上，我的手被他紧握着。
tr	I	He dropped the torch and his foot hit the bottom step .
tr	I	I was having a tough time concentrating , but normally , I would have breezed through the rest of the book hours ago .
tr	I	Both lines joined part of the way to become one and Jeff had labeled it ' Amy ' .
tr	I	My entire body tingled in response , and he looked deeply into my eyes .
tr	O	他不知道自己身在何处，并且他也不知道该去哪里。
tr	I	He never ever got hung up on just one but he loved everything about them .
tr	O	他瞥了他们一眼，但是她却不理他。
tr	O	他抖动着眉毛，并且火焰从他的两只耳朵里喷射出来。
tr	O	吉米对动物很好，但是他的木工手艺糟透了，至少可以说。
tr	O	在我们通常去健身房的日子，我正要出门，并且杰克总是在那里等我。
tr	O	艾登低下了头，并且他咒骂了一声。
tr	O	所以我也撒了一点谎，但是那是我的工作。
tr	I	I 'm worried about you , and you aren 't acting well .
tr	O	他靠墙坐着，并且他的手臂被绑在身后。
tr	I	It shone with moisture , but he had just wiped his face .
tr	I	He began to skim through it , and the file popped open .
tr	I	She didn 't even know where to go with that , and that was a wonderful gesture .
tr	I	Told the wolf to wait at the elaborate entrance and * * * * * Grayson reached the church .
tr	I	I knew she was overwhelmed , and she hesitated .
tr	O	他吃惊地颤了一下，并且他的出神状态被打破了。
tr	O	旅店老板担忧地看了她一眼，但是做任何事都为时已晚。
tr	I	It felt so far away , but the snowmobile was so close .
tr	I	Already she had managed to offend the intern and they hadn 't boarded the plane .
tr	I	He was suffering so much and it was only noon .
tr	I	People assumed it meant a fire , and I guess alarms were going off .
tr	I	Then I 'm done , okay , and I can give you the address ?
tr	I	He didn 't really have a choice , but it was strange handling his grandfather 's head like some bearded football .
tr	I	He didn 't know what else to do , but he felt that he should do more than just bury him .
tr	O	借口很蹩脚，但是我希望她没有听到我谈话中的所有内容。
tr	I	He did that morning , but Randy had never thought to see water burn .
tr	O	墙壁开裂了，而且地板被刮擦到露出原木。
tr	I	Her face showed no strain , but I looked over at her .
tr	I	Another cough came out instead , but Spencer tried to speak .
tr	I	Addison shrank into a corner and I mouthed , Yes , .
tr	O	她的眼神恳求他理解，但是Chewy还有另一个问题要问她。
tr	O	琳达转过头，但是阿切尔就在那里，把她困住了。
tr	I	Glamour rushed through me , exploding out in a wave , and I arched my back , clenching my fists .
tr	O	他可能再也不会来这里了，而且他想记住它。
tr	O	她对着它们哭泣，而且这完全击碎了我的心。
tr	I	I was reminded of how late it was when I turned toward the Greek houses , but the lighting by the dorms was great .
tr	I	At the moment I felt like I could dig out his liver with my fingernails ; and I could go beat up Bledsoe .
tr	O	她伸了个懒腰，而且看到那些暴露的泛红曲线让托伦的阴茎兴奋地抽动起来。
tr	I	She knew who had them , and she wanted answers .
tr	I	Somehow she opened to him in a way no other woman ever had , but he wasn 't sure how she did it .
tr	I	He cuts me off , but I open my mouth to protest .
tr	I	She nearly groaned her impatience and he carefully parted her thighs .
tr	O	他用指尖轻触我的脸颊，并且我内心一阵悸动。
tr	I	It can 't come back through the one-way line , but it allows water to flow through it from one end .
tr	I	You won 't acknowledge them or tell them to follow your rules .
tr	I	I blush automatically and warmth courses through me as Flynn 's hand brushes my bare skin .
tr	O	接待警官似乎对这个回应有点不悦，并且他的语气变得非常平庸。
tr	I	They are all dressed identically in pale green scrubs and everyone looks rather emotionless .
tr	O	不，她没有，并且不，他不会。
tr	O	他曾以为在泳池里会让他放松，但是这似乎产生了相反的效果。
tr	O	他紧紧地把左臂抱在怀里，并且他的脸因疼痛而发白。
tr	I	The folks did not seem to care and nothing ever came for the folks .
tr	I	It was always worth asking , but Bettina already knew the answer .
tr	I	My hand starts shaking , but it 's a simple request .
tr	I	It 's for the queen and he knows this is priority .
tr	O	气氛看起来很紧张，并且他的背大部分时间都对着我。
tr	O	他突然对正在发生的一切感到极度愧疚，并且他迅速移开了视线。
tr	I	Adrenaline surged through her , and he ran toward her .
tr	O	艾米对我点点头，并且我追了上去。
tr	I	You know it and that is the way it should be !
tr	I	Together they helped each other up and he reached a hand to Hugh .
tr	O	他们都长得像我爱上的那个艾登，但是我不相信他们。
tr	I	She tasted his growl of approval as he slid inside and Paul 's tongue teased her mouth open .
tr	O	他只能看见，并且视觉赋予了他一个观察者的身份，尽管看似没有什么可观察的。
tr	O	我的头发在我周围飘扬，并且我的棕色眼睛闪着绿光。
tr	O	它可以指向它的真北，但是它不必如此。
tr	O	每天都带来新的烦恼，并且钱总是不够用。
tr	I	Logan opens the door so I can follow him out , and she nods .
tr	I	The lights in the trees illuminated her skin , and her short brown hair framed her stunning face .
tr	I	They were equally new to him , and he was feeling the same things .
tr	O	伊万的手臂立刻环住她，并且她把头靠在他的肩上。
tr	I	We can retire , and maybe when it 's all done , you could write a bestseller !
tr	I	It was going to hurt like hell and he knew what punishment was to come .
tr	I	Now , she needed to get him out of here , but she 'd talk to Paul later about the fact that she was her own woman .
tr	O	艾拉离开了，并且约瑟夫去洗手间加入那两个男人。
tr	O	许多分钟过去了，并且他大部分时间都在透过他生殖器上方那块瓷器凝视。
tr	I	It wasn 't with the woman he wanted to help and she knew where his loyalties lay .
tr	O	报纸仍在谈论她对美国的突然访问，并且摄影师仍在追踪她的每一步。
tr	I	The yellow eyes remained motionless and seconds passed .
tr	I	I feel reasonably safe , but with two levels , it 's easy to lose track .
tr	O	他的精液覆盖了她的舌头，并且她尽可能多地吞咽了下去。
tr	O	伍德拿起电子游戏控制器，但是他没有再次开始玩。
tr	I	He was still pelted with rubble , but Luke darted out of the way .
tr	O	他看过来，并且我脸红了。
tr	I	She wanted to give it to Sarah and the prayer shawl was finished .
tr	I	You need to avoid him , but I don 't know where they went .
tr	O	她有一个标记，并且她的标记提醒了他。
tr	O	那是由玩家决定的，并且他无法控制他们发现他计划的速度。
tr	I	These woods are not always safe , and you need sleep .
tr	O	凯文站在门边，而我停下来和她说话，并且莱西歉意地耸了耸肩。
tr	O	安珀提出了问题，并且女士们都转过头来盯着她看。
tr	I	The fat body of the insect glowed with weak golden radiance and its shell lay discarded .
tr	I	I 'd hoped for more time , but I knew what had to be done .
tr	I	The passenger , a non-descript male , gives her the finger and a horn resounds from behind her as a car passes her .
tr	O	我抬头看他的脸，并且他正仔细地看着我。
tr	O	我们穿过下院，并且我在那里滑下了马车。
tr	I	I was terrified of it , and I didn 't know what she would say next .
tr	O	剧痛刺痛我的太阳穴，并且我咆哮起来。
tr	O	片刻之后窗帘被拉开，并且她的脸出现在玻璃后面。
tr	I	The sight startled me , and we both looked up .
tr	O	他帮她调整姿势，让她跨坐在他的腰上，并且当他将她拉下、让她坐在他身上时，她才发现这正是她想要的。
tr	O	你可能会不错，并且那已经是宽容了。
tr	O	看到她告诉德米特里她无法怀孕时他那张脸已经很难受了，但是他与她离婚会摧毁她。
tr	O	我不知道怎么回事，但是我们大多数俘虏都幸存了下来，这真是一个奇迹。
tr	O	有些文件直到前一晚才送达，并且在我花了数小时翻译我那部分时，萨拉却不见了。
tr	I	After returning my nod , they ignored me , and I knew them only by sight .
tr	O	在俱乐部那晚之后我质问了他，并且他也承认了这一点。
tr	I	It was already causing my butt to hurt , but I hadn 't even been sitting very long .
tr	I	That took several minutes and the representatives were introduced .
tr	O	我伸出拳头，并且他用他的拳头猛击我的拳头。
tr	I	That will stay in my mind forever as perfect , but they may never make a scrapbook .
tr	I	He placed his hands on her , expertly gliding her around the dance floor and the music started .
tr	I	He stumbled backward until he collided with the kitchen counter , and apparently she 'd caught Riley by surprise .
tr	O	好的，这是你这边，并且这边是我的。
tr	I	He concealed his discomfort , but the King 's gout troubled him today .
tr	I	He did nothing to stop it , and he saw what was just happening ?
tr	I	Blood is turning the water red and he 's biting me in half .
tr	O	她回到了格雷姆身边，并且他再次坐在床上，把她拉到自己腿上。
tr	I	We have to see it through and no , we 're here .
tr	I	His began and it was always clear when her dreams ended .
tr	O	我张开嘴唇，气息急促，但是他的舌头只是轻轻拂过，径直向我的耳朵而去。
tr	O	她差点就考虑不来了，但是她却一直听到爷爷沙哑的声音，告诉她不要再那么傻了。
tr	I	Two mental patients had abducted her or this had to be a dream .
tr	I	She didn 't really want to be in total darkness just yet , and there was only a half inch left of the candle on her dresser .
tr	I	Rhiannon faced him and they stopped in the middle of the courtyard .
tr	I	He is suddenly aware of your existence , and you so much as speak his name .
tr	I	May needed that , and Thuy was still Thuy after all .
tr	I	She 'd be strong again , and she was stronger than this .
tr	I	She needed to face the fact that she didn 't stand a chance against The Beast , but it wasn 't news that she hated his daughter .
tr	O	接下来轮到丹尼尔了，并且我有一种预感，他会尽可能地让它变得痛苦。
tr	O	他会挑战你，并且你会挑战他。
tr	O	我翻了个白眼，并且他咯咯地笑了。
tr	I	A hint of something else , and rage vibrated in his tone .
tr	I	His hair was soaking wet , and little droplets of water spiked on his long lashes .
tr	O	我想这是真的，但是我从未料到她会感到被冒犯。
tr	I	We don 't have time to explain it , and that 's not what I was here for .
tr	O	达米安能感觉到爪子透过他的皮毛抓挠他，但是他并不在意。
tr	O	她非常想离开这个大院，并且她想看看新生的宝宝。
tr	O	我不能说我赞同他们的策略，但是对我来说做任何事都太晚了。
tr	O	达里安再次吻了我，这次很认真，并且我不在乎。
tr	O	家具显得更大了，并且气味也更浓烈了。
tr	I	He shook his head , growling some indiscernible word and a minute passed .
tr	I	The three of them pulled up to Caroline Bretton 's home together , and Faith had already picked up Kelly .
tr	I	Here I didn 't really know anyone , but I had friends at my last school .
tr	O	深渊的边缘非常近，并且他脚下的地面正在迅速崩塌。
tr	I	It felt as if my brain was sloshing around inside my skull and I shook my head vigorously .
tr	O	我们坐了下来，并且都开始吃起来了。
tr	I	That did not make it any less meaningful , but it wasn 't exactly the pristine Christmas décor .
tr	O	它不残忍，并且它不评判。
tr	O	康斯坦斯的皮肤是橄榄色的，而且她的眼睛是绿色的。
tr	O	我的视线波动，并且我的手颤抖着。
tr	I	She felt it , and he was strong .
tr	I	I tried to swallow and my throat burned again .
tr	I	We trailed over to Mother 's office to sign some paperwork , and I had two hours before I was due back at the library .
tr	I	When I went to make the appointment , I couldn 't do it , but it was so tempting , an easy way out .
tr	O	我们有我们的救生艇，但是我们不想放弃月球，直到我们不得不这样做。
tr	I	That 's who I needed to be , and Hunt was the version of me that had gotten his life together .
tr	I	She was certain that she 'd find something , but clues to what , she wasn 't certain .
tr	O	他看着我，并且那一刻他看起来几乎像个人。
tr	O	汉密尔顿的母亲摇了摇头，但是他的父亲说这没什么大不了的。
tr	I	A distraction would be good for both of them and Noelle had been irritable all morning .
tr	O	他试图表现出惊讶，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	The refugee camps marked by red circles and Nathan pointed to the bridges along the eastern border .
tr	O	洛根的目光告诉他，他理解了，但是洛根摇了摇头。
tr	O	现在她的教授却告诉她相反的，而且莉兹甚至不确定从何说起。
tr	I	Either way , he never should have touched her , but she couldn 't admit that to him .
tr	O	那撞击让她感到刺痛，但是她只是耸了耸肩。
tr	O	温暖的目光与她的相遇，并且他伸出了手。
tr	I	It 's darker , blends in better with the black Dauntless clothes , but the gray T-shirt I am wearing beneath it is still oversized .
tr	O	我抬头看着肖恩，并且他朝我微笑。
tr	O	她的脑子转了起来，并且她把事情弄明白了。
tr	O	恐慌在她眼中闪现，当时舱门打开，并且梯子被推到了门口。
tr	O	她有恋爱关系，但是它们总是很短暂。
tr	I	He wanted her that way and Misty had also become stronger .
tr	O	他脸色苍白，几乎说不出话，可能觉得他很容易就会变成桌上的尸体。
tr	I	Then she 's standing beside me , leaning against the porch railing looking out at the darkening woods , and I feel a movement .
tr	I	No one noticed his impatience , but he yawned several times as a broad hint that they should wind things up .
tr	O	沃斯觉得他的眼睛发出更深的光芒，并且他没有费心收回他的门牙。
tr	O	森林和昨天一样，但是地面因为夜雨而潮湿。
tr	I	She also knew it wasn 't true , but oh , she knew he 'd been accused of the rape .
tr	I	He usually doesn 't go into his office until after nine , but Damien is hardly a slacker .
tr	I	She 'd take it , but not exactly the circumstances she 'd imagined for her first invitation into his place .
tr	I	Indeed the town was in danger of tearing itself apart , and a small garrison of Cavalier troops had been left to keep Dorchester in order .
tr	I	They only absently nodded at his words and neither could take their eyes from the screen .
tr	O	我试图表现得乐观，但是我失败了。
tr	O	他的身体下沉了，并且他摔倒了。
tr	I	I felt so close to her and we had connected on a deeper level than ever before .
tr	I	Three weeks into the season I 've managed to avoid manning the funhouse , but Roxy likes to rotate the ride operators to keep everybody fresh .
tr	O	它用细绳系着，搭扣坏了，并且它很薄，只能装几幅画。
tr	O	凯西身材娇小，但是人群分开让她前进，仿佛他们是她掌控的河流。
tr	O	我环顾了一下现场，但是什么也没有动。
tr	O	赛琳笑了，并且那声音在丹尼森的耳机里听起来很金属。
tr	I	Looking to my left , I found him and I dropped back a little .
tr	O	有些不对劲，并且感觉不好。
tr	I	Her skin seemed to shine , and her cheeks were still flushed .
tr	O	他有力的手托住我的臀部，并且他以墙壁为支点向我深入。
tr	O	他是个好人，并且他理解。
tr	O	你和我们分享了你的食物，而且你也没有多少。
tr	O	我不完全确定我在做什么，但是这似乎并不重要。
tr	I	She went willingly , seemingly unconsciously , and he drew her instinctively into his arms .
tr	O	然后他找到了存放弹药的架子，并且他储备了一箱又一箱的子弹。
tr	O	安德森缓慢地点着头，并且连德克斯都显得很不安。
tr	I	We walked down a flight of narrow stairs , and the door opened .
tr	I	When I didn 't shrink away he pulled me against him again and he put a solid arm around my back .
tr	O	我正在帮奶奶和凯特阿姨摆放我们的晚餐。
tr	I	There was nothing wrong with taking pleasure in each other 's company and Fun was the order of the night .
tr	O	我试图避免战争，但是也许是时候战斗了。
tr	O	太阳快要下山了，并且峡谷一片黑暗。
tr	O	一阵风差点把老人吹倒，并且威尔扶稳了他。
tr	O	这都是真的，但是它也遗漏了他们无法承受的重大方面，如果休斯决定拒绝他们的提议。
tr	I	Jacob did , but Pauline never moved .
tr	O	我知道他们认为他们在给人们提供新闻，但是我认为他们在给人们灌输坏主意。
tr	I	It can 't be at the expense of Ervin , but I know she is just trying to help .
tr	O	他是所有者，并且他一定会拥有它。
tr	I	Disturbingly no one could understand why , as his gaze became more haunting , but he paused again .
tr	I	He was tired of crying if he was honest , and it was a shadow now , unless he found a recent picture of her .
tr	O	如果她回去，普雷斯利就会找些借口溜走，并且赛扬将再次独自一人和安妮塔待在一起。
tr	I	The waves were gently lapping the shore a couple of feet in front of her and the sun was shining down on her .
tr	O	37号工厂已与世界汽车公司签订了合同，并且它有一个成本回收条款。
tr	O	这是一小段战争，并且我讨厌它。
tr	O	她以为她的眼睛会适应，但是根本就没有光可以吸收。
tr	O	他不知道发生了什么事，并且在那一刻，他也不在乎。
tr	I	I shoot them both before they remember that I 'm still a threat too , and two soldiers are backed up almost to me .
tr	I	Their friends were always in their bikinis during the summers , and it was just kind of normal since Alaina , Tara .
tr	I	Then he was out , again , and he convulsed as I drew all his powers into me .
tr	O	那人看着地板，并且他尽可能地保持不动。
tr	O	他转向书房，并且我也跟着他去了那里。
tr	O	一个穿着蓝色衣服的男人从治疗室的门里走了出来，并且他们都安静了下来。
tr	I	This was the closest thing to it but I might not be in Hell .
tr	I	Her hope had been to stall for time , and chas would be after her as soon as he learned what had happened .
tr	O	那个男人是个谜，并且我喜欢我的生活井井有条。
tr	O	他观察着，并且我意识到我已陷入自己的思绪中。
tr	O	有些不对劲，但是他却说不出是什么。
tr	O	一把掉落的锅铲，并且她肯定就是那个掉它的人。
tr	O	我就是我，并且我从不道歉。
tr	O	她脸上带着惯常的悲伤表情，并且黛西想知道她到底在这里做什么。
tr	I	Everyone called her Mrs. Ida , but Ida Renfroe was her name .
tr	I	He 's loose somewhere and Perry Allison 's mom just called .
tr	O	杰里米开始笑了，并且赫瑟终于问他觉得什么那么好笑。
tr	I	Their eyes met and he looked up .
tr	O	萨克斯管承受了几下重击，并且安布罗斯的左手腕因这些冲击而疼痛。
tr	O	死亡找到了我，并且它发现我有所欠缺。
tr	I	Liza 's bare feet sank into the soft petals as she walked , and the clearing was carpeted with tiny flowers of all different colors .
tr	O	她让芬恩靠着墙，并且他蜷缩起来，抱着自己的侧腹。
tr	O	已经过了两个多小时，并且我满怀希望地环顾四周。
tr	I	I forced down my fear and my throat tightened .
tr	O	没有人能进来，并且没有人能出去。
tr	O	他对她挤眉弄眼，并且她呻吟了一声。
tr	I	She didn 't blink , but it was top dollar .
tr	O	他的脸变红了，并且接着，突然之间，他显得异常平静。
tr	O	她几乎无法把它弄过去，并且这让我笑了。
tr	I	She was horny as heck and she was standing in the middle of her office .
tr	I	I 'm not sure what , but I leave mine behind , along with something else .
tr	I	You stole from him , and Morris absolutely trusted you .
tr	I	Her eyes never left the windows , and her face was tired .
tr	I	None of the shop owners pay rent but I 've heard it rumored that he owns most of the town .
tr	I	They walked to the dark rear of the truck stop and he left two bucks on the table .
tr	O	她看不清身前几英寸以外的东西，但是她感受到了威廉的存在。
tr	I	We spun around , the tires screaming on the slick pavement and I whipped the wheel hard to the right .
tr	I	Still it wasn 't enough and he 'd made love to her twice more .
tr	I	I hated leaving her , and I couldn 't resist her smile .
tr	I	We jump around like kids during recess and I leap into his arms .
tr	O	不仅仅是在联邦调查局的人力方面，但是要确保媒体没有察觉到情况。
tr	O	汉克死了，并且大天使们指望我阻止拿非利人开战。
tr	I	She tried to turn in his firm grip and the huge man lifted her up .
tr	I	He chuckled and I nodded .
tr	O	我们需要帮助把他们打回去，或者我们就有风险在一个月内被彻底击败。
tr	I	It appears that way , at least in this case , or you are an anomaly , Ludwig .
tr	I	She was very much looked forward to having Sunday off , but she would have to work on Saturday .
tr	O	他肯定能解决掉他们五个，但是那之后他的精力会很快耗尽。
tr	O	此时天已经黑了，并且月亮很早就落下去了。
tr	O	这个地方的氛围看起来很悠闲，而且谁会想到天堂里会有啤酒呢？
tr	O	这人五年多前接替了父亲的职务，而且从那时起他就一直在给我们留下一点点线索。
tr	O	当你准备好了你就告诉我，而且我会让飞机在纳什维尔等着。
tr	O	这是一个寒冷的下午，并且晚上预示着会更冷。
tr	O	她的叔叔很恶毒，但是竟然要碾压她？
tr	I	Matt automatically followed her , and Meredith had started back up the narrow stairway to what everyone still thought of as Stefan 's room .
tr	O	在向纳撒尼尔国王作出解释后，他似乎有些放心了，并且感谢里斯愿意帮助实施这个计划。
tr	O	他们的任务完成后，她起身准备离开，但是还没等她离开，阿玛就向她提出了另一个提议。
tr	O	太阳已经落下，并且当他们再次穿过马匹牧场时，黑暗笼罩了他们。
tr	O	皮亚被这个直接的问题吓了一跳，并且有一瞬间，她不确定自己是否听对了。
tr	O	当我打电话告诉雅各布这个消息时，他毫不掩饰地欢呼雀跃，并且他似乎非常渴望采纳爱德华的安全措施。
tr	I	Once they did , they were usually impossible to put to rest , and rumors had a tendency to spread like wildfire .
tr	O	她赤裸着上身，但是用手遮住了她的乳房。
tr	I	Something was odd , but he stared into the man 's face .
tr	O	我做好了被进一步指责的准备，但是她甚至没朝我这边看。
tr	O	只要我是参议员，我就不会扮演直接角色，但是我能贡献想法。
tr	I	I stare at her in confusion , and shock slams into me like a Mack truck .
tr	I	I lament the fact that I still have to swing by the store and the fullness in my stomach makes me tired .
tr	I	I emailed Palmer , asking him for some vacation time , and the rest of the band had been overjoyed , though .
tr	O	我想去另一个大厅，但是我因为卧床有点虚弱。
tr	O	那完全乱七八糟，但是她不在乎。
tr	O	少数骑士剃了胡子，但是他们是少数。
tr	I	She groaned , and I replaced my tongue with my thumb .
tr	I	He stops me , and I reach for the button on his pants .
tr	I	He is obviously looking for something and we can hear a man 's voice coming from the other room .
tr	I	We needed a good laugh , but it wasn 't that funny .
tr	O	比尔的嘴唇抿紧了，并且他把手臂交叉抱在胸前。
tr	O	我努力放松，但是这并不容易。
tr	I	She doubted she could get anyone to stay with Anita on Christmas Day , but she smiled to show her gratitude .
tr	O	如果我真的伤害了他，我会感觉好些，但是我也会失去保护朱尔斯的机会。
tr	O	蟋蟀也开始把另一个抬起来，但是他的眼里却笼罩着一丝凝重。
tr	I	You need to look your best and Sunday School is in an hour .
tr	I	He knew that he couldn 't , but for an instant , he considered just driving on .
tr	I	She stroked his back , whispering reassuring words and the child in her arms woke with a start .
tr	O	她可能擅长使用长弓，但是她作为审判官却毫无智慧。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我想这可能与他们还剩下多少人性有关。
tr	I	That was that and he said .
tr	I	It accounted for her only movement , and she hit her rapid eye movement .
tr	I	This was just too much , but I wanted to save my friends .
tr	I	It wasn 't all pleasure , and I screamed .
tr	O	他的脸上沾满了干涸的血迹，并且一片鲜艳的蓝色瘀伤从他嘴角一直延伸到他的左耳垂。
tr	O	他开始动弹，并且我把脸凑近他。
tr	I	It tickles , sending shivers down my spine and getting very intimately close , he talks directly into my ear .
tr	O	雨很冷，并且我冻僵了，牙齿打着颤。
tr	I	I love my privacy , and my life is wonderful .
tr	O	那是一个女人的声音，并且听起来很有魅力。
tr	I	His breathing seemed a little too fast , and despite the heat he wasn 't sweating .
tr	O	我不记得他那天在忙些什么，但是他看起来很疲惫。
tr	O	艾丽娅说那是因为她爸爸打鼾，但是房子那天晚上异常安静。
tr	O	她的脸上充满了恐慌，并且她抱着凯利，凯利正趴在她肩头哭泣。
tr	I	Jake wasn 't having any of that but Elissa tried to close her fingers over her palms .
tr	O	她的妈妈和她一起起身，但是加比挥手让她坐下。
tr	O	这个群体可能允许她和他们一起奔跑，但是他们中没有人想和她有任何瓜葛。
tr	O	裘德一直喜欢下雪天，并且当它们在假期来临时，那真是双倍的惊喜。
tr	O	我屏住了呼吸，并且我的心率飙升。
tr	O	瑞克和她在一起没有良好的记录，并且凯蒂可能会认为瑞克是个嫉妒的泼妇。
tr	I	The evening price was thirty dollars and the mid-day prices jumped to twenty-five .
tr	I	He didn 't look at her and she didn 't respond at once .
tr	O	爱丽丝又飘飘然了，并且乐意接受帮派提出的几乎任何建议。
tr	O	它向前倾斜，并且一道小裂缝横贯其表面。
tr	O	他想把自己的梦想都告诉她，但是她阻止了他。
tr	I	It conveyed an entire lifetime of emotion , but it wasn 't a very long song .
tr	O	一滴孤泪从我眼中落下，并且没有人在这里看到它。
tr	O	那是一句无情的话，但是他无法隐藏这样的真相。
tr	O	午餐已经备好，并且显然褶皱已经被熨平了。
tr	O	最初那男人否认这样做，但是当船长阻止他逃跑时，他最终承认了自己的罪行。
tr	O	有很长一段时间我怀疑自己是否会挨揍，但是紧张感逐渐减弱了。
tr	I	She avoided his hands , but Rob reached for her .
tr	I	Ears were playing tricks on her and she didn 't think her eyes .
tr	O	奇异的符号横跨了其四分之一的长度，并且其腹部发出的光似乎从其外壳中发出。
tr	I	You 'll regret it , or don 't let the little things pile up .
tr	I	Despite her uniform she 'd seemed like more than a simple maid and Drummond had called her Jane .
tr	I	I gritted my teeth to keep from banging my head against the wall beside me , and Mia 's life flashed in my head .
tr	I	I snap out of it in time to help her raise the seat backing and Della pulls the lever .
tr	O	海海的鼻子抽动了一下，并且她的耳朵朝不同方向猛地一动。
tr	I	Shawn was up waiting , but mom came in late .
tr	I	None of them moved me like Melissa , but I 'd taken many submissives to bed .
tr	I	Black spots dot my vision , and the fragile flesh at my throat starts to give way .
tr	O	它似乎没有流血，但是它的皮肤正因弹丸的热量而冒烟。
tr	I	With a horrendous creaking that set my teeth on edge , it opened and I tried the door .
tr	I	We jump to the side , ducking behind a large boulder and Tiny glances over his shoulder .
tr	O	大手环住了我的肩膀，并且我尖叫起来，至少我尝试了。
tr	O	外面风势大了些，并且雨点正敲打着窗玻璃。
tr	I	She stared at him and her body jerked .
tr	O	锁链发出嘈杂的嘎啦声，并且吊桥轰然落下。
tr	O	我的话语不再苦涩，但是我仍然需要了解更多。
tr	I	I had plenty of people to catch me , but a gust of something knocked me back a little .
tr	I	I refrained from commenting but I didn 't remember the report being all that long .
tr	O	当他们开始升高离地时，房间里的男人们发出了不止一声惊叹，但是他们谁也没有说一句话。
tr	O	艾普莉问她是否可以探望她的母亲，但是这个请求被忽略了。
tr	O	丹尼尔回忆起他近二十年前与已故妻子的约会，并且他恍然大悟。
tr	I	Of course there are a lot of questions and something like this happens .
tr	I	It was a two-hour country drive , but it was only two hours out .
tr	I	My only duty now is to save you and your duty is to save the world .
tr	I	I knew it , and she was right .
tr	I	The old plane shook as Simon applied the brakes and the wheels skidded as they touched down .
tr	I	I knew it wouldn 't last , not when I saw her , but for a human , I was quite stealthy , controlled .
tr	I	On her spring break she had gone away with her friends , but Anna had come over to babysit several times during her Christmas vacation .
tr	O	他把头倾向我，并且他的头发垂到了眼睛里。
tr	I	We went inside and soon it was dark .
tr	I	A branch came toppling down onto Garth and suddenly there was a crack high above .
tr	O	浴室的灯亮着，并且淋浴开着。
tr	O	我知道我之前问过火力，并且我假设你报告的是我们拥有的致命武器。
tr	I	I knew it was serious , and I knew it was real .
tr	I	He mindfully smiled as the sleep continued to consume him and for the first time in a long time Connor 's mind was a blank canvas .
tr	I	It was something , but it wasn 't ideal .
tr	O	这确实像是支付租金，并且所有权并不能保证太多。
tr	O	他多次试图教导她，用从济慈到尼采的一切来引诱她的好奇心，但是她总是回到性上面。
tr	O	他那时从我身边退开，并且他的表情变了。
tr	O	破碎成这样，并且我试图把碎片压得更小。
tr	I	I kissed him and I lay on top of him .
tr	O	标记会已经让你的血管充满肾上腺素，并且你将渴望鲜血。
tr	O	老人把声音放得更低了，但是他的坚持却很坚决。
tr	O	你选择我来领导一支白日战士队伍，并且我已经接受了这份责任。
tr	I	She shrugged and I gave her a bare nod .
tr	I	It was Arthur 's lucky crucifix ... but I had no idea where she had conjured it from .
tr	O	我尝试在Word中使用表格，但是那并没有产生正确的结果。
tr	O	他走近我，但是我身体紧绷。
tr	O	沙恩径直走进了她的私人空间，并且她很高兴见到他，她的心跳立刻加速。
tr	O	外面很暗，但是我瞥见他转过街角。
tr	I	She 's told Jackie , and Unless Fiona was there .
tr	O	毕竟，她是骗子的女儿，并且真相从来都不是一个选择。
tr	O	他站着，并且我滑到了座位边缘。
tr	O	我之前已经告诉过他与爸爸聊天的事，并且他同意每周都和我一起去吃晚饭。
tr	I	I saw it myself , and at the same moment I felt Steff go rigid against me .
tr	I	I had a hard time concentrating , but the three of us discussed marketing ideas during lunch .
tr	I	Blake quickly stepped between the two women and Samantha stiffened beside him .
tr	O	你的班次结束时，回到我的办公室，并且我们会为你找一个储物柜来存放那套制服。
tr	O	他经常更换乐器，而且他最近一直沉迷于小提琴。
tr	O	希望摩托车的轰鸣声盖过了大部分枪声，但是他们必须尽快离开这里。
tr	O	他关掉了引擎，并且他们坐在黑暗中。
tr	I	We 're messed up , both of us , but I know you don 't get it .
tr	O	他是个难以接近的人，而且大多数人都很容易被吓倒。
tr	I	They were rare , but he had known such occasions before .
tr	O	噢，第二天简气冲冲地过来了，并且她说：“好了，托伦斯·莱德奥特，那真是小气。”
tr	I	It lights me up from the inside , and he circles my neck with kisses .
tr	O	你对他的判断是对的，我的宝贝，并且我承认你把他训练得很好。
tr	I	I found myself grinning , and her approval warmed me .
tr	I	My legs won 't move , but I want to run away .
tr	I	There were others she wouldn 't set foot on if someone paid her and some of the piers were in good condition .
tr	I	I had left her alone with her thoughts and she had been quiet on the ride back .
tr	O	我被击得气都喘不上来了，并且我只是在那里躺了几秒钟，在黑暗的走廊里，喘着气。
tr	I	I see blurs of fists pressing into the dark air , and shouts rise up from the left side of the room .
tr	I	By them we had lost a great many more people , and it took a full year before we all understood the scope of what had happened .
tr	I	His wife just didn 't work out and he said he .
tr	I	It was going to take him awhile to process everything , and she knew she had just thrown him for a loop .
tr	I	It was smothered by his kisses , but I yelped .
tr	O	电梯在储藏层发出“叮”的一声，并且门向那巨大的房间敞开。
tr	O	一阵短暂的沉默，并且她瞥了他一眼。
tr	I	The way it 's doing that is by literally washing the NO2 out of the air , but the atmosphere will eventually clean itself .
tr	I	The door opened , and Wood scraped on cement .
tr	I	Emma strolled there as casually as she could , and orthopedics was to the right of the elevators .
tr	O	雷吉开始带着越来越大的恐惧明白这可能真的会发生，并且他可能对此束手无策。
tr	O	她在埃拉的房间里，并且埃拉死在她的床上。
tr	O	我走向她，并且我们拥抱了。
tr	O	当他驶离那条废弃的公路时，他试了试钥匙，但是毫无反应。
tr	I	He vowed to do his best to make her happy and he was a lucky man .
tr	I	The only time we 've talked is while we 've been here and we 've known each other for years .
tr	O	她不喜欢被这样打发走，但是也没有办法。
tr	O	你的眼睛里燃烧着火焰，然而你继续与我对抗。
tr	O	他知道你不是一个肉食爱好者，但是对于你团队中那些是肉食爱好者的人，他推荐品尝培根。
tr	I	Harriet managed a small smile , and she slapped at her neck .
tr	I	He remained quiet , but I watched , waiting for him to speak again .
tr	I	With no visible enemy , he was stuck growling at thin air , but his instincts were on full alert .
tr	I	I don 't think I want to go through all of the trouble of leadership again , but sure , I 'll be happy to give tips .
tr	I	My mind told me to follow orders , but my heart told me to follow Dalby .
tr	O	男孩们回去玩他们的游戏了，但是奥利弗的话依然萦绕着。
tr	I	They just nibbled around the edges of it , and it was advanced physics .
tr	I	I struggled to keep it under control and the panic fluttered in my stomach .
tr	I	A shudder passed through her body and Phillip 's image came to mind .
tr	I	It wasn 't just that , but the plans worried me too .
tr	O	只有莎拉才有勇气穿那样衣服，并且她穿上它看起来棒极了。
tr	I	When she listened , Madison could hear a car 's engine , but it took a few seconds for that piece of information to register .
tr	I	He had absolutely no respect for anyone , and he was a craftsman , an artist .
tr	O	他的鼻子塞住了，并且他的喉咙感觉像砂纸一样。
tr	I	I can 't really blame the guy , but of course , it makes me furious .
tr	O	还没等她允许，门就开了，并且内森进来了。
tr	O	她告诉罗南她很困，并且她接下来记得的就是在自己的床上醒来。
tr	O	它在告诫他不要心生敬畏——他确实心生敬畏过，并且他很感激。
tr	O	你说你已经接受过心理咨询了，但是你却不肯原谅自己。
tr	I	An Atari hooked up to the TV , and there was even an antiquated Apple computer on the desk by the crates .
tr	O	通常我会觉得这种车内亲热很火辣，但是今天感觉还是不对劲。
tr	O	她在地板上绕了一圈，希望能遇到其他准备离开的人，但是房间里一片漆黑。
tr	O	四个男人都握了手，并且博尼法斯开口说话了。
tr	O	以前我从未真正注意过它，但是它一直都在。
tr	I	He had no choice other than to trust Tynan 's leadership until he could learn the truth himself , but Logan wasn 't so sure .
tr	O	我感到一阵寒意袭来，并且我把自己挪到离火更近的地方。
tr	O	那是一次小小的嘲讽，但是它的确是一次嘲讽。
tr	I	She didn 't want to mess it up , and she knew this was binding .
tr	I	I realized he was speaking , and his lips moved .
tr	O	他们有时间准备，但是大多数人没有这种奢侈。
tr	I	Heat bloomed anew between her thighs , her clit pulsing with desperate need , and he squeezed her cheeks together .
tr	I	They blame me and people miss you .
tr	I	This is still okay , but he 's taking this one question at a time .
tr	O	他们人数较少，但是他们的魔法更强大。
tr	O	你以前做过，并且你会再做一次。
tr	O	这感觉不像家，但是你就是家。
tr	O	其他几群人坐着聊天，并且我松了一口气，不用再自觉地感到孤独。
tr	O	一对无畏派叛徒手持枪支站在餐厅门口，并且我僵住了。
tr	O	他的手滑过结实的核心，直到柔软的胸部，并且他轻轻地将嘴唇贴在她的颈弓上。
tr	I	She hadn 't even explained yet and I was livid .
tr	I	It was all around us , but it was no longer just on the other side of the water .
tr	I	I could have sworn he smiled and he thumped his tail .
tr	O	那是一个成年礼，但是查德真的非常认真地对待那份工作。
tr	I	An invisible force prevented them from passing , but he tried to step forward again .
tr	O	萨拉说了，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	O	我不想让内莉留在身边，但是我会需要一个女巫。
tr	O	我期望他立刻消失，但是他停顿了，眼睛微微眯起。
tr	I	It only licked me as a mother bear licks her cubs , but I felt its hot breath on my face .
tr	O	我的眼睛刺痛，并且我猛烈地眨眼。
tr	I	As Aiden 's house line rang , I chewed on my lip , and I dialed his number .
tr	O	那张脸是畸形的，变形的，但是笑容很美。
tr	I	I 'd certainly spilled the beans but no , I didn 't get Kellee pregnant .
tr	O	她不知道家在哪里，但是任何地方都总比那无菌的病房好。
tr	O	我的脚找到了台阶，并且我退到了滑动门旁。
tr	I	We both knew it and Igor was playing with us .
tr	I	It was long enough to know he was in love with Annie , but a week wasn 't long enough to know everything about one person .
tr	O	她突然停了下来，并且回声停止了。
tr	I	She gasped , and I pulled back the curtain .
tr	O	玛西娅能看到正在发生什么，但是她知道不该去帮助塞拉斯。
tr	O	我喜欢给予快乐，并且我喜欢接受快乐。
tr	O	他的心怦怦直跳，并且他试图强迫他疲惫的双腿移动得更快。
tr	O	她犹豫了，并且然后她的手臂环住了我。
tr	O	这是他最糟糕的品质之一，但是同时也是他最好的特点之一。
tr	O	她拼命地试图摆脱自己的情绪，但是她正在打一场败仗。
tr	I	Maybe she was getting numb to the whole thing , or it wasn 't as bad as she thought it might be .
tr	O	我不知道该如何回应，但是这是我自己的错，因为我提起了它。
tr	O	咖啡非常需要，并且我走向厨房。
tr	O	我看着他的脸变得僵硬，并且他的下巴开始抽动。
tr	O	凯尔摆好姿势，并且达米安也照做。
tr	O	他的眼睛因看到她穿着丝质内衣而炽热，但是他没有其他太多反应。
tr	I	He was acting as though this was a conventional marriage , and James was the only person who knew what they intended .
tr	I	I ducked and he threw the ball as hard as he could at me .
tr	I	He shook his head , but he hadn 't had a chance to drink much of it , so she thought he 'd relent .
tr	O	我父亲常说好景不常在，并且我已将这句话作为重要建议存入我的记忆库中。
tr	O	这就是世界变成了什么样……并且这就是它让我变成了什么样。
tr	O	显然他没有受过这方面的训练，但是他有两样优势。
tr	O	他问了，但是听起来他好像已经知道我是谁了。
tr	O	也许她能坚持下去，并且我们就能成为我们一直想成为的父母了。
tr	O	该死的，感觉真好，并且她几乎没碰到他。
tr	O	他认出了雄性处于求偶狂热中的原始冲动，并且他咬紧牙关对抗它。
tr	I	You could also hurt him but he could hurt you emotionally .
tr	O	她看到伊芙也在做同样的事，并且他们突然尴尬地相视一笑。
tr	I	Her skin was porcelain , and her eyes were lake blue .
tr	I	That was that and she named it .
tr	O	她没有回应，把目光移开了，并且特拉维斯继续说了下去。
tr	I	The rest of the wood was placed in the fire bin and the BBQ coals died down at about midnight .
tr	I	She didn 't get on , but Misty pressed the call button so it would stay there .
tr	O	我必须完成在“荡妇工厂”的实习，但是我做到的会比艾姆建议的添麻烦要多。
tr	O	他用羽毛般轻柔的动作抚摸她的下巴，并且她因他温柔的触碰而颤抖，心跳也加快了。
tr	O	梅布尔问，并且索尼娅静止了。
tr	O	这不深，但是罪恶感还是刺痛着我。
tr	I	Something moved me to tell him , and I wondered if he knew that .
tr	I	Now I 'm setting you straight , and I set her straight as well .
tr	I	I slumped to the first step , and we walked to the large staircase .
tr	I	His arm was clamped hard around her thighs , making it impossible , but she tried to push into his hungry mouth .
tr	I	He had no proof , but Rodolfo had been his first thought too .
tr	I	She started choking and the swallow of coffee got stuck in her throat .
tr	O	他的手摊开在她背上，并且他开始将她推向自己。
tr	I	Her nose turned fiery red , and her face shone .
tr	I	My dark hair no longer held any curls , and I 'd lost a lot of weight .
tr	O	其他种族，我无法阻止它们灭绝，但是我可以及时拯救我家族自己的人类种族。
tr	I	She didn 't feel like taking it back , but Julie didn 't know why she asked that .
tr	O	我的手指抠进他的头发，并且当他踢上身后的门后，他把我放在了床上。
tr	O	我再次尝试，并且这次我真的成功坐了起来。
tr	I	She didn 't like that smile one bit and Julius smiled slowly .
tr	O	我已经听过很多关于他的第三方消息，但是从未真正意识到那是哈利。
tr	I	You know what a snob Cissy is , and he 's going to bring his daughter .
tr	I	Ogg , with his usual lack of ceremony , projected them forward to the very last day of absolutely everything , and she nodded .
tr	O	我回来后只见过凯莉两次，并且她已经准备好挖出我的眼睛。
tr	I	He breathed cold illumination and even the air about him lit up .
tr	I	I got out the # 2 pencil , and we unrolled the paper between us .
tr	O	决定将会被做出，并且我想要那部分。
tr	O	他问，并且我点头。
tr	O	杰塔的指示在我脑中混乱，并且我必须集中注意力。
tr	O	嵌入豪宅墙壁的黑色金属大门阻挡了入侵者，但是杰姆的“开启”符文很快就解开了锁。
tr	I	He 's too strong , but I try to push him away with my elbow .
tr	I	I fell to my knees but I tried to steady my balance .
tr	O	我等着他出现，并且我的脸变得越来越红。
tr	I	She heard voices coming from outside and instead the kitchen was empty .
tr	O	直到那一刻，他都未曾让自己的未来计划进展到那么远，但是突然之间，那似乎是该做的事情。
tr	I	I knew they wouldn 't ask if it weren 't important , but I knew what the kings were asking of me was wrong .
tr	I	To go through with it but I had no choice now .
tr	O	如果王子们在森林里，那么士兵们就在附近，并且玛雅姑妈已经多次警告蕾玛要避开军队。
tr	I	I blanched for an entirely different reason and Beth blanched at the continued cursing .
tr	I	The glimmer in his irises tells me he 's teasing , but he acts all offended .
tr	O	我被告知那在异界是可能发生的，但是我从未见过它发生。
tr	O	我们浮出水面，并且她倒吸了一口气，然后开始把我拉向码头。
tr	I	I 'm coming up with ideas to keep him safe , and they won 't touch him while I 'm around .
tr	O	我逃脱了，并且在一切不利的情况下，我活了下来。
tr	I	I 'm in a hurry , and I 'm the only passenger .
tr	O	他的力量召唤着，并且她依偎了过去。
tr	I	I could help with the gag , but I 'd cut my fingers off if I tried to mess with that wire .
tr	I	She didn 't wish to upset Biddy , but the fact didn 't bother her .
tr	I	That glaring fact kil ed the fight in me , and Diego was gone .
tr	O	一丝微小的兴奋穿透了我，但是我很快就将其压制住了。
tr	I	He had a dish with an unidentified herb crushed in it , and Incense burned in a censor .
tr	I	She was the child and we were the parents .
tr	I	Then , every direction was the same in this place , but I had no idea what direction we faced .
tr	O	她也忘了现在是半夜，而且她继续唠叨了他感觉有两小时那么久。
tr	I	She wouldn 't make eye contact , but she gave me a small smile .
tr	O	我们并肩走着，并且卡尔最终放开了我的手。
tr	O	我将视线从他身上移开，心跳开始狂乱，并且感觉后背有汗珠滑落。
tr	I	His face didn 't reveal anything and Breedlove gave her father a look .
tr	O	塔米·李点了点头，并且保罗扶她站了起来。
tr	O	这个领悟应该让我感觉好一些，但是反而它只会让我沮丧。
tr	O	德罗赫达的脸变得严肃起来，并且她用手指着我。
tr	O	他伸出手，并且她握住了他的手掌。
tr	I	They fear their very own dark fantasies someday coming upon them , but they desire to hurt others .
tr	O	他很欣赏这个笑话，但是他们都太紧张了笑不出来。
tr	O	这只鸟比寻常的要大，而且竖琴妖本身已经是大型鸟类了。
tr	I	I could imagine the smile on her face and she said .
tr	O	此时其他客户都已离开，并且全家人都将注意力集中在奇妙的雅各布身上。
tr	O	威尔将手放在霍莉纤细的臀部上，并且那个黑发女子的手臂现在紧紧环绕着他强壮、肌肉结实的脖颈。
tr	O	它有点粗糙，但是只要你对分辨率不是过分挑剔，它就能完成任务。
tr	O	怒火中烧，并且乔伊猛然惊醒，太迟地意识到她的处境非常真实。
tr	O	车辆驶入总督官邸的场地，并且特里斯坦在暮色中眯着眼看他之前没有注意到的东西。
tr	I	Bobo join in , and they made it to the kitchen in silence , then I heard Janet begin to giggle .
tr	I	The door disappears behind your backs and Encounter Area 4 Underground Highway You enter a featureless cube shaped chamber .
tr	O	迈克尔知道他应该冷静下来，但是他不想。
tr	O	我曾见过一个人踢狗，而且我气得他身后三栋房子都着火了。
tr	I	Next day the fever was on her , and we carried her to her bed .
tr	I	It is a distraction that brings me comfort so I indulge for a moment but I know none are available .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to be worried about that , but in a way , it wasn 't fair to her .
tr	I	The wall was to her left and thankfully he sat to her right .
tr	I	He finally understood his second mother 's ( as he called her ) dream to be in the church , but it took time .
tr	O	我以为我知道答案，并且那让我的心跳加速。
tr	I	It was a moment we 'd never soon forget but sure , we were both covered with stinky vinegar .
tr	I	No one knew where and the real gathering was held somewhere else .
tr	O	蜘蛛推开了胖查理的备用房间的门，并且同时他打开了自己卧室的门。
tr	O	她指明了方向，而且我不在乎自己有多透明，立刻朝那个方向移动。
tr	O	我的膝盖在抽痛，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	She dropped it , and I didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	O	他离开了，而且她正俯身在我上方，双手捧着我的脸，强迫我看着她的眼睛。
tr	I	They settled themselves inside and Jen followed him over to his tepee .
tr	O	他用手背轻触索菲亚的下颌线，并且她本能地避开了他的触碰。
tr	I	She was batting her eyelashes and he was flashing her a grin .
tr	I	He caught me around the waist , and I moved to walk past him .
tr	I	I slumped back down into my chair and every ounce of stress left my body .
tr	O	我们马上就要撤离了，并且我不敢把你留下。
tr	I	As crazy as it sounds , I even made a few friends in the process , and somehow I 'd made it through the worst .
tr	O	那天晚上我们匆忙下楼时我并不知道，但是我现在知道了。
tr	I	I grow dizzy and my head spins .
tr	I	She turned to see what had prompted it and Ted 's exclamation broke Melody out of her daydream .
tr	O	我告诉洛根送我到门口就够了，但是他很坚决，轻轻地引导我走向主屋。
tr	I	I didn 't even notice , and we 're really close to the finish line .
tr	O	拉尔斯顿说，并且我看到他做了功课。
tr	O	吸血鬼会很虚弱，但是狼人会处于全盛状态。
tr	I	Suddenly more than anything else you want to kiss him and he is talking to you about his morning .
tr	O	她的心砰砰直跳，并且她出了一身汗。
tr	I	The view beyond , where the roof sloped away , was truly breathtaking , and the small monument was directly ahead of us .
tr	I	I want you to be mine , and I want you .
tr	O	门上传来敲门声，并且我猛地把门拉开了。
tr	O	托兰的肺渴望空气，然而他仍然和她待在那里。
tr	O	他们本不该强到能让我睡着，但是他们做到了。
tr	O	已经整整一周了，然而她仍然能闻到他的古龙水味。
tr	O	他的下巴紧绷着，并且怒火在他眼中燃烧。
tr	O	我们不知怎么就分开了，并且我在任何地方都找不到他们。
tr	O	他为此感到抱歉，但是他不知道任何其他办法。
tr	I	I 'd just discovered a murderer and I 'd met a cute guy .
tr	I	The driver barked at him , and the tinted window slid down .
tr	O	当他们进去后，杰斯把他放下，并且他跌跌撞撞地走进厨房去查看那只狗。
tr	I	I switched the light on , and we made it into his room .
tr	I	At the moment , going with him was just easier , but she knew she 'd regret it later , of course .
tr	I	She was willing to play it by ear , but she didn 't have a plan after that .
tr	I	Gabby gingerly took a seat , wincing as she felt the muscles in her legs plead in agony , and Terri left them alone .
tr	I	Her eyes seemed to become an even brighter shade of blue and her pink lips turned up at the corners .
tr	O	你可能在杂货店走运，但是更可能发生恐慌。
tr	I	As much as I hated to admit it , they were both stunningly beautiful , but the pair were obviously familiar with bleach in a box .
tr	I	I feel it all and it moves up my body .
tr	I	I think they just assumed it was rented , and only a few close friends have been to my flat .
tr	O	他看到她读到死者姓名时，迅速地抬了一下头，但是他什么也没说。
tr	I	It just vanished , but I don 't know how I knew .
tr	I	I 've only been taped in my uniform , but I have my Mockingjay outfit with me .
tr	O	她低下头，并且泪水从她眼中流下。
tr	I	Almost every caravan had suffered some attack , and it was known in the city that assailants were once again active in the region .
tr	O	布莱尔叫了我的名字，并且我转过身，看到她正朝我快步走来。
tr	O	莱利一次重击就能把他打垮，而且他可能永远都无法恢复了。
tr	O	文斯冲向托尼，但是还没等他碰到托尼，乔就把他拉了回来。
tr	I	Her presence is palpable , but she 's not visible .
tr	O	我知道这是我父母所为，而且我永远都不会原谅他们，因为他们更在乎控制而不是我的幸福。
tr	O	她试图呼唤金，但是她的下巴能动。
tr	O	我们第二天早上搬进了新公寓，并且杰克当天晚上就坐飞机离开了。
tr	O	她竟然正要向他表白爱意，而且他却只是继续把她绑起来。
tr	I	I can 't , but I want to .
tr	I	They had to stand in the aisle , struggling to stay upright in the swaying carriage , and the trolley was crowded .
tr	O	我们匆匆环顾四周，但是猫已经不见了。
tr	O	恐慌在她胸中爆发，但是她已经习惯了。
tr	O	我想他们现在打腮腺炎疫苗，所以可能不是那个，但是他们小时候还会得很多其他东西。
tr	O	爸爸的政治生涯一败涂地，但是他从未因此消沉。
tr	I	I take off running toward the sound and a series of thunderous howls rips through the atmosphere .
tr	O	她是他第一个考虑喜欢的女孩，并且他现在能想到的就是，看看这给我带来了什么。
tr	I	His lips twitch and I watched his eyes go soft .
tr	I	He held firm , but she tried to twist from his grip .
tr	I	Calloused hands held him firmly , but Cole squirmed .
tr	O	她耐心地解释着，但是她听起来很疲惫。
tr	I	Then his lips were pressing against mine , coaxing them open , and he moved his hands to my back .
tr	I	He followed her , never taking his mouth from hers and she dropped down on the cushions .
tr	I	My heart started fluttering in my pipes , and he touched the laces of my shirt that kept it together .
tr	O	他的手立刻覆上她的，并且他深吸了一口气。
tr	O	他的思绪一片混乱，并且他根本无法清晰思考。
tr	I	Japan sent 12,000 troops to Siberia , and the USA mobilized troops to both .
tr	O	史蒂夫的思绪又回到了明天的演讲，并且他希望睡意能袭来。
tr	I	It had to be enough to drop a damn rhino but he had no idea how much lead he 'd taken .
tr	O	阿里怀疑是他的阑尾炎，并且显然科尔曼医生也这么认为。
tr	I	In turn he 'd get to be there to raise his child and he 'd make her a comfortable woman .
tr	I	My skin was still so numb that the air felt almost warm , but outside was colder .
tr	I	He revisited the events that took place last night at the restaurant and this jogged his memory .
tr	I	She narrowed her eyes at him fiercely , but he opened his mouth to protest again .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she wanted to be in a pack , and the only one worth anything was Kandace .
tr	I	She held back , but Jolene could tell that Betsy wanted to follow .
tr	O	门开的声音让我僵在原地，但是几秒钟后，我看到杰玛可爱的脸出现在门口。
tr	O	这有可能，但是他对此表示怀疑。
tr	O	他的眼神警觉，并且洛克能看出这是一个身居高位的人。
tr	O	我们每个人都在谈论我们生活中的男人，并且奶奶兴奋地喋喋不休地谈论她即将与米尔顿先生共进午餐的约会。
tr	I	The sky was now darkening and even the wolves were tiring .
tr	I	Nobody came over , but people looked at us .
tr	I	As the old saying goes , once is enough , but in fact , we 'd only been together once .
tr	I	He let it go , but the answer raised more questions than it resolved .
tr	O	大门打开了，并且他开车下去了。
tr	I	Hanna knew he was thinking about the trouble his parents were in , and he got a faraway look on his face .
tr	I	A smile automatically came to his lips when he saw it was Carol , and Eleven James answered the door .
tr	O	以前做这种事从未让我如此兴奋，但是科恩的真实反应却很火辣。
tr	O	周围异常寂静，而且杰克不知道该如何是好。
tr	O	我花了数秒才想出答案，而且当我开口时，我的声音非常小。
tr	I	He thought about what he 'd actually said , but he only ever wanted to repeat one day .
tr	O	你离开了好一阵子，而且我们都非常想你。
tr	O	一旦她不再给他控制她的权力，那份刺激就会消失并且他就会停止。
tr	O	那天很冷，而且他的哈气清晰可见。
tr	O	我去结账，但是他说这顿免费。
tr	O	我以为我能接受自己身上的新变化，但是我没有。
tr	O	我喊了她一声，而且她感激地冲我笑了笑。
tr	O	听着，我明白你想帮阿德里安，但是你不能因为发生的事情生我的气。
tr	I	I didn 't want him to be late for his first class just because of the stupid runes on my car , but he was so sweet .
tr	O	她很想回到以前的盗版行为，但是这可能是她和艾萨克最后一次玩了。
tr	I	She couldn 't abide that , and except she knew that Gran would insist on telling Chief Stacy .
tr	I	Now the woman felt responsible for both of them and Isa had been her mother 's friend .
tr	I	You 're acting upon it , and the Cross Society is giving you information .
tr	I	No sounds came out of my mouth but I wanted to cry out .
tr	O	有人礼貌地敲了敲她的门，并且奥罗拉把头伸了进去。
tr	I	This silo was tainted based on their perfect standards and it was a perfect legacy that mattered to them .
tr	O	温克勒的手机响了，他与特拉詹正把巴克放到媒体室的沙发上。
tr	O	一股冲击波击中她的身体，仿佛她是一只被拍扁的苍蝇，并且她被抛向空中。
tr	I	The distance between them made for strained conversations , and they 'd spaced themselves across the Wall 's length .
tr	O	她让他独自待了几分钟，并且他消失了。
tr	O	她的手臂垂在身侧，沉重得抬不起来，但是她不知怎的仍紧握着枪。
tr	O	他们匆匆离开了，并且我又被一群人围住，他们想绕过我，而我正在摇晃我的桶。
tr	O	它们有一种催眠般的力量，而且她无法移开视线。
tr	O	我看到这套衣服的价格时差点晕倒，但是埃默森在卡被扣款时甚至连眼皮都没眨一下。
tr	I	The guard didn 't move to help him , but he staggered just before he reached the door .
tr	I	Her nails raked down his back because she wanted him in , deeper , and he withdrew .
tr	I	Then I continued , and I inhaled deeply , knowing that I 'd give her anything she asked for .
tr	O	他感到一阵灼热的疼痛，可能来自他的背部，但是他无法确定。
tr	I	She saw relief in the rugged lines of his face and he nodded .
tr	I	He pulled away , catching my hand in his , and I made as if to touch the wound .
tr	I	That would be rude , but I could have .
tr	I	Weary worry darkened her green eyes , and faint lines grooved into her forehead .
tr	O	洛根的语气中带着明显的侵略性，而且这极大地增加了房间里的紧张气氛。
tr	O	场地前的未修剪的草地上蟋蟀唧唧叫着，而且远处加拿大雁鸣叫着。
tr	O	并不是说我会和桑德先生约会，但是我至少会喜欢有选择的权利。
tr	I	He still loves to have fun , but he has to be one of the smartest people I 've ever met .
tr	I	Once you did , he was bloody hard to stop , but it could take a lot of work to get him rolling .
tr	O	乐琦在那里，而且我们很喜欢她。
tr	O	事实上，我不知道是谁把你带到这里来的，但是这不重要。
tr	I	Before he knew it , James fell to sleep with Prudence in his arms , and the hours passed .
tr	O	那个疯男人又蹲在那根柱子旁边了，并且他还在拉扯着他的链子。
tr	O	我不知道他对此怎么想，但是那肯定不是什么好事。
tr	O	彼得轻轻推了我一下，但是我没理他。
tr	I	The smells of the wood were different too , and the temperature was too cold for late spring .
tr	I	That was precisely how she desired it to be , and she depended upon no one .
tr	O	我张开嘴想抗议，但是我却没有机会。
tr	O	女孩笑了，并且她的脸色也柔和了下来。
tr	O	我筋疲力尽了，但是我仍然在脑海中梳理着一切。
tr	O	也许事情没有我想的那么糟，但是我感觉她藏着什么东西。
tr	I	I imagined him settling into a slouch , crossing his booted ankles on the Ops Room table , and Luc sighed .
tr	O	他向她靠近了，但是她却从他身边退开了。
tr	O	她的声音里带着一丝悲伤，并且我知道她是发自内心的。
tr	I	She scrambled to her feet , then he threw her over the top of the piano but he threw her on to the sofa .
tr	I	The things were too fast , but he tried to run .
tr	I	She turned round , smiling at him and Tom 's voice broke into her thoughts .
tr	O	我看向布拉德所指的地方，并且我简直不敢相信自己的眼睛。
tr	I	Gentler than Claire could ever remember hearing it , and when she spoke again her voice was low .
tr	O	它让我觉得更像一张结婚请柬而非真正的信头，但是它显然是与业务相关的。
tr	I	A smile emerged and she cupped his face with both hands .
tr	O	我们已经到达了车旁，并且他已经把后车门打开了，双手扶着敞开的车门顶部。
tr	O	因为有守卫，事情不会像以前那么简单，但是他能做到。
tr	I	They terrified her , but she had no idea what the images that flashed through her head meant .
tr	O	罗伯特决定这是个抽身离开的好时机，并且他甚至还没向那些女士打招呼。
tr	O	不幸的是，某些复杂情况把你带到了这里，但是这里不是古拉格。
tr	O	这个女孩让艾米丽想起阿里是一回事，但是现在她也开始像她一样行事了。
tr	I	Now he owned the whole thing , and Alcide had been a partner in his dad 's surveying company .
tr	I	It was obvious that he was out , so I went to look for Diego , but I went to look for Paul .
tr	O	你不够关心她，没有在她身边，并且你把她的生命置于危险之中。
tr	I	He ducks so it misses his head , but I throw a mozzarella stick at him .
tr	O	妈妈曾说她的灵魂在守护我们，并且她能听到我们。
tr	I	I couldn 't explain it and he just smelled good to me .
tr	O	我希望我的白色短裤和蓝色宽松衬衫搭配坡跟鞋能让我看起来休闲却时尚。
tr	I	It angered you , and you knew about Horne 's abduction of Miss Thornton .
tr	I	She kept her eyes locked on his punishing stare , but she didn 't move as he approached her slowly .
tr	I	With the dying daylight it only drew him closer but I shook my head .
tr	I	She wanted him to stop and he was struggling so .
tr	O	椅子终于转了回来，并且其他孩子争先恐后地爬到椅子上。
tr	O	我转过身，并且他一路吻过我的肚子，直到我的裙子背后的拉链处。
tr	I	He was staring , but she turned to him , prepared to laugh .
tr	I	She felt it and his erection grew .
tr	O	因为她的一部分太兴奋了，感觉要散架了，并且另一部分，理智的那部分……却在哭泣。
tr	I	She turned around to see who had interrupted her concentration , and Noelle Blanche started .
tr	O	我的右手滑入她的两腿之间，并且她的头靠在我的肩膀上。
tr	I	He paused , savouring the sight of my lingerie , and my shirt fell open .
tr	I	Now you must stay with me and we do as we must .
tr	O	我忘了回答，并且他仍在打量我。
tr	O	世界正在走向地狱，并且我却莫名其妙地被期望提供帮助。
tr	I	She needed normalcy and Lily laughed because it was normal for Rosa to scold her .
tr	O	他在家乡的无数电影中见过这颗星球，但是这将是他第一次拜访其中一颗。
tr	O	起初我以为他没听见我说话，但是他却后退了。
tr	O	咖啡店就在路边，并且我看到价格时感到内疚。
tr	O	他想要她的认可，但是他所做的一切只是疏远了她。
tr	O	引擎已安静下来，发出舒缓的嗡嗡声，并且我想知道这是否就是他们将油箱从汽油改为电动的原因。
tr	I	The rest of the room followed suit , and he rose from the chair .
tr	O	他的话语说了一套，但是他那惆怅的表情却说了另一套。
tr	O	这勾起了许多过去的不好回忆，并且有几件事一直在困扰着我。
tr	I	You think it 's love and some female flirts with you .
tr	I	The doctor was lying and he was quite unable to be sensible when tied up .
tr	O	他向她靠近，并且科琳的心跳加速了。
tr	O	他们已经源源不断地来了将近一个小时，而且厨房开始变得拥挤起来。
tr	O	乔什的声音玩味十足，但是克莱尔打了个小冷颤。
tr	O	她不是玩具，但是从他唇间说出的话语却让她发狂。
tr	I	Our lips were supposed to be next and we 'd done our eyebrows together .
tr	O	奥特姆转身面对他，并且他伸手去抓她的手。
tr	I	He had work to do and this was his space now .
tr	I	He knew exactly where to pull another of line , but he dropped one , which could have been a catastrophe .
tr	O	我开始问他那是什么意思，但是他已经带着我向前走，走得很快。
tr	O	愿光灼烧我，但是我确实做了。
tr	I	My stomach clenched and nausea hit me .
tr	O	一滴眼泪滑下凯西的脸颊，但是她的奶奶迅速地把它擦掉了。
tr	O	这很疯狂，但是不可否认。
tr	I	That was the reason why she didn 't talk much about herself , and Julian was partially afraid that she was scared of whom he was .
tr	I	He turned toward the flames , and a sudden gust of wind blew in from the north .
tr	I	The ambulance attendants were bent over him , when we arrived within three minutes of the call , and Cliff was on the lawn bleeding .
tr	I	It is not consumed , yet the town burns with fires !
tr	O	她同意第二天晚上和他共进晚餐，并且他温柔地吻了她。
tr	I	Gel had to fix them , and the songs all had problems .
tr	O	她为了有机会入选美国队而努力工作多年，而且她不会通过偷Blackie来冒险毁掉自己的梦想。
tr	I	At the top of the vent he turned back , but he wriggled up without being told .
tr	I	I 'd get over him somehow , but it would take a long time .
tr	I	She held my gaze , and I looked into her eyes .
tr	O	我紧紧抓住，深呼吸直到恐惧消散并且我再次感到平静。
tr	I	The room was dim , and the shades were down .
tr	O	他开始在晚饭前回家，并且我们过上了正常生活。
tr	I	She didn 't want for anything , and she 'd already explained to every one of her brothers that Jason was taking very good care of her .
tr	I	The trees rustled , and the wind sang .
tr	I	Words wouldn 't come but he tried to speak .
tr	I	I made no more than a whimper , but if I could have screamed , I would have .
tr	I	She shot a startled glance toward the sound and Music poured from the ballroom .
tr	O	像钟表一样，她向后挣扎，但是他没有放开她。
tr	O	我没有更深入地了解那个迷人笑容下的男人，而且我付出了代价。
tr	I	When she put them on she didn 't seem ready to work , but Faye picked up her glasses .
tr	O	他完全勃起了，并且他阴茎上丝滑的皮肤律动着热量。
tr	I	She looked disappointed , but Jenny nodded .
tr	I	I can assure you that if it does come back , we won 't want to see it , but we may not have his body .
tr	I	It flashed in the low light and John pulled something from his pocket .
tr	I	Her dress wasn 't what I was staring at , but a simple white apron topped her dress .
tr	I	That voice offered no answers , but dozens of questions swirled through my restless mind .
tr	O	我朝她看去，并且她还在睡觉。
tr	I	The covers were missing and the snoring was loud .
tr	I	With the gifts her husband had given her years ago , and the basement was filled with things she had tired of .
tr	O	太阳十五分钟前才重新出现，并且饱和的空气已经开始变成蒸汽。
tr	I	Soon they would meet their fate and they knew the coliseum was close .
tr	O	景观队今天完成了清理小溪的工作，并且大部分工作已经完成。
tr	O	我们在泥里打滚，翻来覆去，并且我浮在了上面，勉强抓着。
tr	I	Nowhere was perfect , but it was easy to think of Haverford as a picture postcard town .
tr	O	他在医院里，并且他快死了！
tr	O	从一个大厅里闪耀着许多灯光，并且传来了许多声音。
tr	O	他抬头看着菲奥娜的眼睛，并且当她凝视着他那双棕色大眼睛时，她感到自己生他的气决心软化了。
tr	I	He wouldn 't say , but there was something more .
tr	O	他的心怦怦直跳，并且他不得不说服自己他没事。
tr	O	我的嘴巴张开了，但是没有发出声音。
tr	O	她哪儿也不想去，但是他不需要知道这一点。
tr	I	Right now , her face had a shuttered look , but usually her feelings were clear for all to see .
tr	O	她笑得很频繁，但是Rhi避开她，因为那个笑容是假的。
tr	O	现在，我们的磁场已经够疯狂了，但是天知道这种压力会对它们造成什么影响。
tr	O	他抓住了她的手臂，并且有一刻她害怕他会把她推开。
tr	I	Hopelessness seeped into my soul , and a blanket of darkness spread behind him .
tr	I	My father taught me other things too , but that is what my father taught me .
tr	I	She followed and I pushed the bike in .
tr	I	I did ... and he 'd said I could understand the whispers , whereas Chance could not because I was soon to die myself .
tr	I	He waited and I looked at him .
tr	I	I want to tear him to pieces , but he is my brother .
tr	I	His name is Sam and I have a dog .
tr	I	I was in a state but this was rude .
tr	O	今天外面比较暖和，并且天色还很早。
tr	I	I 'd had years ago and my mind wandered to the pillow fight Emma .
tr	I	I slipped inside and he opened the door for me .
tr	I	Before sunset the ship disappeared beneath the waves , and in slow motion the leaning became ever steeper .
tr	I	He spun as the rest of us looked in her direction and behind Cole Gemma gasped .
tr	I	Then its own weight carried it forward , and the boulder leaned forward , looked about ready to stop .
tr	O	她会告诉我那是不可能的，并且我需要帮助……等等，等等，等等。
tr	O	他们的句子似乎快得不可思议，并且我松了一口气，因为我周围不是每个人都受到沉默的限制。
tr	I	Only a few minutes later , the science console began to chatter , but it seemed like hours .
tr	O	我一生中大部分时间都在努力争做第一，但是这段关系不是一场竞争。
tr	O	她内心感到如此寒冷，然而熊熊的烈火似乎灼烧着她的皮肤。
tr	I	I looked down , and the phone buzzed in my hand .
tr	O	帕特里克在课堂上也许是个天才，但是他对任何需要协调的事情都很糟糕。
tr	I	We were inundated by blaring rock music , and he pressed play on his phone .
tr	I	Our apartment didn 't have air conditioning , and it was too sunny to stay at the beach .
tr	O	伦敦已经有了一杯白葡萄酒，但是特里普的杯子仍然是空的。
tr	O	我们到达了顶部，并且他把我们转向人群。
tr	O	这关乎信任，而且她需要知道他在所有事情上都是言而有信的人。
tr	O	你做了当时你认为最好的决定，并且我因此不责怪你。
tr	I	In that moment , I believed him , and he went back to digging .
tr	I	Flags waved like mad , and banners flew higher there .
tr	I	The white glow of the reflected moon slipped across the water , and lazy waves slapped against the seawall .
tr	I	He saw the outline of a snowflake , and the light coming through illuminated the streaks left behind by Brynn 's finger .
tr	I	I need this friendship too , but I prefer being around guys .
tr	I	I was scared , but I wanted to hear his response .
tr	I	Her tender shoulders tensed and her heart throbbed .
tr	O	他们两个都显得完全困惑，但是他预料到他们会这样。
tr	O	那个秃头奴隶是个混蛋，但是杰斯对他太过分了。
tr	O	我决心要烤出完美的果仁蛋糕，并且我不在乎需要多长时间。
tr	I	My head isn 't spinning around and I 'm not levitating off my bed .
tr	I	Then we were on our way , with a box of bread crumbs , and he was inside for less than a minute .
tr	I	He 'd asked Jake to interfere if it ever came down to it , and they knew he had struggled not to claim her .
tr	I	She wrapped a red scarf around her neck for good measure and the wind whistled through the window pane .
tr	O	几分钟内他就按她说的转了弯，并且他们正沿着一座小山前往巴尔莫勒尔海滩。
tr	O	她筋疲力尽地想向他展示她能把这种事情做得多好，并且他从来没说过一句话！
tr	I	I was happy for him , and things worked out for Jack .
tr	I	Then he nodded once , and Jared 's eyes met mine .
tr	O	她曾希望所有人都害怕我，包括地狱王子，并且这招非常奏效。
tr	O	我重复了一遍，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	Ken said they would probably be thrown out , and Julie mentioned going up the street to dance .
tr	I	I smiled at them both weakly and he nodded towards me .
tr	I	The steady pressure of her arm compelled Mark to go with her along the passage , and to this the Fairy made no answer .
tr	O	我考虑过起身跳舞，但是我 Kǎo lǜ guò qǐshēn tiàowǔ, dànshì 我觉得我应该等泰勒。
tr	I	He didn 't give himself away , but he 'd used a small bribe .
tr	I	Joe wondered the last time someone had been in to clean up the place , and they groaned in protest .
tr	O	大卫知道他的公司有麻烦，但是他不知道关于敌意收购的事情。
tr	I	She was going to make the best of it , but these are her people , although she did not feel like one of them now .
tr	O	大部分是好人，但是少数人却想从别人那里夺走他们自己不愿劳动所得的东西。
tr	O	他们几乎不停地吼叫，并且恐慌的迹象已开始沿着墙壁蔓延。
tr	O	今年的第一场是在周五晚上，并且我和其他女孩愉快地安顿下来看电影。
tr	I	Melissa would be cast as an extra in a movie being shot nearby , but I 'd get cast in the school play .
tr	I	Cooper 's weakness grew , but neither wanted to leave Katherine 's bedside .
tr	I	She gasped and his hand dipped between her thighs .
tr	I	He bent down to kiss me , and his strong hands braced my face .
tr	O	每一起事件的官方裁决都是自然死亡，但是她很确定事实并非如此。
tr	I	Some bushes swished behind me and a twig snapped .
tr	I	I loved the kid already and five minutes was all it took .
tr	I	She didn 't respond but he kissed her again .
tr	O	她的手在被岩石刮伤娇嫩皮肤的地方火辣辣地疼，并且她的脚踝抽痛着。
tr	I	He ran his thumb across the nipple and his right hand cupped my exposed breast .
tr	O	塔米等着，但是她的祖母只是闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	索耶那全是硬邦邦肌肉的双臂环住了她，并且一只手落在她的臀部，将他们的身体紧密贴合。
tr	O	她的白色长裤像第二层皮肤一样贴合，并且她的雪纺衬衫交叉覆在她那傲人的胸部上。
tr	O	我**想**让那只寻血猎犬离我远点，**但是**它忠诚地紧贴着我的腿。
tr	I	Clearly that was not going well , and nothing mattered more than fitting in .
tr	O	我有时盯着他看，**但是**他没有回望。
tr	O	我的舌头在嘴里很僵硬，**并且**我的思绪在到达它之前就消散了。
tr	I	The clouds in his eyes evaporated and Holt seemed to like this idea .
tr	I	I 'll tell you about the other one who was like you and you eat with me .
tr	I	No words accompanied it , but she felt the weight of a cool hand come to rest on her shoulder .
tr	I	It terrified me and he had never physically hurt me before .
tr	O	这让那个穿制服的男人吓了一跳，**但是**他没有错过任何节奏。
tr	O	那是在她高中毕业之后，**并且**她正在努力成为一名牙科保健员。
tr	I	She refused to acknowledge his touch , but his proximity lit her body in flames .
tr	O	麦迪的餐巾很快就湿透了，**并且**我的已经牺牲给了最初渗到我大腿上的洪水。
tr	O	他的工作手机响了，**并且**他接了起来。
tr	I	The place gave them a good view , but they were not in fact ahead of them at that time .
tr	O	他的嘴巴张开了，**并且**他眨了眨眼。
tr	O	甚至他的眼睛看起来都不同了，并且他向前倾身去看。
tr	O	与此同时，一个疗法被找到了，但是它造成了巨大的痛苦。
tr	I	I knew my little sister would taunt me about our bet that I 'd kill Abigail within a day , but I 'd wanted to go home .
tr	I	I haven 't even touched mine and when I finish , he 's on his second bowl of pasta .
tr	O	埃德温的好奇心战胜了他的紧张，并且他走过去研究那个冰箱形状的物体。
tr	I	A muted hush drifted over the dark camp , and the crowds were beginning to settle down again .
tr	O	她皱眉于旧术语仍然束缚着她，但是她也拒绝说“主人”。
tr	I	He 'd long since apologized , and now he realized his own bitter experience had tainted his reasoning .
tr	O	把那些发到网上，那么你会看到一些点击量。
tr	O	我不希望他那样做，但是那样会更人道。
tr	I	Her warm smile made me feel like she should be offering me a fresh warm cookie and she was fair .
tr	O	他猛地摔到地上，并且吧台凳也倒在他旁边。
tr	I	Water started flowing , and then she pumped a water handle at the sink .
tr	I	From then on they wake up there each morning , and an empty bed gets a new occupant .
tr	O	他走向勒姆，但是比尔抓住了他的手臂，把他拉进了卧室。
tr	I	Her annoyance with his defensive , abrasive attitude recently already tipped the anger scale , and he 'd have laughed her right into a raging fit .
tr	O	他的脖子可能瘀伤了，但是 我没有感觉到任何东西断裂。
tr	O	相反，他保持了距离，但是 他声音里的恶意却无法忽视。
tr	I	We watched and he sighed .
tr	I	Autumn smacked her butt as she went past and Summer followed , making kissy faces at her .
tr	O	克莱丽试图去够她腰带上的匕首，但是 卢克抓住她手臂的手劲太大了。
tr	O	她不知怎的让我难以释怀，并且 我无法摆脱她。
tr	I	I hated myself ... and then I saw the empty bottle in my hand .
tr	I	Me enveloped in an awkward silence and Gage takes off , leaving Logan .
tr	I	I know eventually she will fall asleep , but the act soothes both of us slightly .
tr	I	Her makeup was streaked , and her eyes were red .
tr	O	我在坎昆雇了一名律师，并且 他提交了文件。
tr	I	Honestly , it would take too long at this point , but I eyed the small propane camping stove in the corner .
tr	I	His landing zone disappeared from view and he took a few steps back .
tr	O	他本可以随时轻易地做到，并且 你还会一直好奇我去了哪里。
tr	O	汤米坐了起来，并且 伊薇瘫坐在他旁边。
tr	I	That didn 't stop me and I knew people could die .
tr	I	The insistent pounding on my door kept me from going back to sleep , but I didn 't want to get out of bed .
tr	I	I , a foolish girl , believed him and he once had told me to trust him .
tr	I	I can 't move , but my heart pounds .
tr	I	There wasn 't a thing he could do about it , and he was going through the motions of his life .
tr	I	My life is worse , but I wanted to object .
tr	O	当她到达顶部时，一阵微风吹动着她的衣服，并且 她能感觉到汗水变干后的凉意。
tr	O	他一直等到她的哭声变得更加零星，并且她把身体的重量重新放回地面上。
tr	I	To her they were nothing , but they were the last remnants of home .
tr	O	他指了指，并且麦克布莱德能看到框架在墙里很松。
tr	I	In the oversize rocking chair , her petite form looked even smaller , and Holiday pulled her knees up .
tr	O	我的手臂被他手指挖进皮肤的地方灼痛，但是他拒绝回答我。
tr	I	Her smile turns wry , and she glances at me .
tr	I	I am not going to tell her until we have sorted out our lives and she does not know about you .
tr	O	我并不完全理解它，但是现在我们可以利用它们来正确引导我们。
tr	I	Then Persephone stood in the doorway , and footsteps moved softly in the hallway .
tr	O	那是一次匆忙的行动，没有他惯常的精细，但是血液仍然以强大的力量在他体内奔涌。
tr	I	The sun would have finally caught up to him too , so he withdrew , but he said he wanted to explore .
tr	I	Beads of sweat rolled down her fat face , and she gripped the sides of the kitchen table .
tr	O	那可怕的气味弥漫在森林里，并且我们被迫捂住嘴巴冲向汽车。
tr	O	我做出了一个选择，并且现在我将为此付出代价。
tr	I	The grey eyes were dark pools of torment and Hal slowly rolled his head back towards Karen .
tr	O	他看到了她脸上的紧张，并且他知道她没有在清晰地思考。
tr	O	他拉动了一个操纵杆，转动了什么东西，并且微弱的轰鸣声变成了悦耳的咆哮声，运输工具向前猛冲。
tr	O	她一直觉得自己相当普通，但是最近她一直收到赞美。
tr	I	The river trade with New Orleans left the Fox as a bit of a backwater , and they founded their new city at Kaskaskia .
tr	O	莎拉的思绪以最轻柔的方式落在寂静中，但是它的回响却像炮声一样在赛斯改变了的意识中轰鸣。
tr	I	Your strength is gone and you 're fevered .
tr	O	这不会改变已经发生的事情，并且也不会让约翰回来。
tr	O	他看到了太多，并且她仍然不想谈论它。
tr	O	我因她的不幸而咯咯发笑，但是她没有站起来。
tr	O	司机粗鲁地把车向左转，他超出了规定速度，并且我在同事身上醒来。
tr	I	He narrowed his eyes at the man , and Leo 's lips parted fractionally in surprise .
tr	I	Mike pushed us along slowly , causing barely a ripple , and just our faces were out of the water , though .
tr	O	是的，她很美丽，但是她的美丽在她所处的冰冷外表下显得苍白无力。
tr	I	We got out and he pulled over to the side of the drive .
tr	O	我知道他们离婚了，然而他们就在这里。
tr	O	奶奶对她有自己的看法，而且米娅知道这不会改变。
tr	O	吸吮停止了，并且一切都归于寂静。
tr	I	She picked it up from the passenger seat beside her , and her cell phone buzzed .
tr	O	马丁没能忍住笑，而且珍妮不悦地看了他一眼。
tr	I	Now she felt like doing it every freaking day , and she 'd held off crying for twelve years .
tr	I	She cried out , and he shook her .
tr	I	When I find out , they are going to fucking pay , but I have no idea who the fuck came into our home .
tr	I	It was wrong , and Taking was taking .
tr	I	The bat 's head rolled to the floor , and Emmanuel slashed out with his short sword .
tr	O	把它们摔在地板上带来了一股自由感，并且自葬礼以来，他第一次开始放松下来。
tr	I	Zach walked in and she had read only the first few paragraphs when the front door opened .
tr	O	他旁边坐着一个红发女孩，而且从她的肢体语言来看，她觉得德里克比她的披萨更有趣。
tr	O	沉默延长了，但是他仍然没有说话。
tr	I	I sputter out a relieved cry because it 's not James , and from the profile I can see it 's an old man .
tr	O	随着时间的推移，他看到凯利持续沉沦，但是他太受伤了，无法提供太多安慰。
tr	O	他扭动着腰去够冷藏箱盖子，并且我拉了拉他伸出的腿。
tr	O	我查看她是否睡着了，但是她的眼睛是睁开的。
tr	I	Light flooded through the doorway , and it wasn 't .
tr	O	如果他走得太快，扫描仪可能会失去连接，并且他将不得不再次寻找它。
tr	O	这座大厅自爱德华三世时代就已矗立，并且它首次落入斯塔福德家族之手是在汉弗莱公爵时代。
tr	I	The vampire had nearly ripped out his throat , but he had fought .
tr	O	我的狼形已准备就绪，并且我部分转变为狼人形态几乎是瞬间完成的。
tr	O	我的下巴在颤抖，并且我讨厌这样。
tr	O	一阵生日快乐的合唱响起，并且我们举起了瓶子。
tr	I	They all faded into the background , but the hallway was filled with students .
tr	O	我再次倾听，但是什么也没发生。
tr	O	我问道，当他把我拉进怀里并且我把手臂环绕在他光裸的肩膀上时。
tr	I	She heard the question behind his joke , and Rena 's laughter fell away .
tr	O	杰萨明转身想跑，但是她才跑了几步就被其中一人抓住，把她提离了地面。
tr	I	There was nothing I could say and I had no voice .
tr	O	艾登看着我，并且我的胃停止了翻绞。
tr	I	They were just as separated as ever , but instead fate had simply switched their places .
tr	I	I still appreciated it , but I went flying .
tr	I	Mack smiled back and Mary Jo smiled .
tr	I	She should be grateful for the time they 'd shared , and she was lucky he 'd helped her out when she needed it after the accident .
tr	O	我不太确定他会怎么做，但是这是可能的。
tr	O	我们沿着海滩漫步，并且当我们靠近房子时，我们离开了水边，走向更柔软的沙滩。
tr	O	我知道我没有改变她，但是我仍然觉得对发生在她身上的事负有责任。
tr	O	我想他知道，但是他不可能知道。
tr	O	我不知道里面是什么，但是我开始觉得那就像是富人的漂白剂注射器。
tr	O	他对我笑了，并且我回以手势。
tr	O	他是个好人，但是他的身体慢慢地背叛了他。
tr	O	骨瘦如柴的手指力道足以令人疼痛，但是抽开手可能意味着拒绝。
tr	O	他试图把他的安全帽戴在她头上，但是它总是滑落。
tr	O	另一条触手向我扫来，并且我趴在了地上。
tr	O	他不认为自己是位大牌，但是他为了隐私占据了明星的房间。
tr	I	Then people appear on it , but at first it 's blank .
tr	I	Elaina 's back was to it , but a few gasps rang out as others took notice .
tr	I	Her face was pale and her eyes were wide .
tr	I	They looked as if they 'd tear her limb from limb , given half a chance , but they weren 't nearly as large as they sounded .
tr	I	I became acutely aware that people were staring at us , and we were starting to approach some more populated parts of the beach .
tr	I	One had a gun , but they couldn 't walk a straight line .
tr	O	马格努斯站了起来，并且最后看了一眼便开始走路。
tr	I	You can save the kingdom , but you cannot save this tired old body .
tr	I	The pain makes this easy , and I try not to think .
tr	I	The tumors were now in the lungs , and they had removed most of her stomach .
tr	I	Now he gave it the last thing he had , and Beorn 's eyes explored the beauty of the land .
tr	I	You all know the rest of the story and I 'm pretty sure she took his breath away .
tr	I	Lori walked into her embrace and Nikki held out her arms .
tr	I	The searing behind her eyes would ease , and it would be dark soon .
tr	I	They crossed the wheel tracks some distance behind them and he had misjudged the progress the wagons had made .
tr	I	Both had been studying to become mages , and they had shared a couple of classes .
tr	O	他露出了笑容，并且我做了蠢事。
tr	O	麦肯齐抬头看向拜伦，并且她来之不易的平静瞬间消失了。
tr	I	I am surprised to see the glint of anger in her expression , and my eyes glance up to Olivia .
tr	O	杰拉德毫无疑问地服从了她，并且拉拉研究了第一个蛇头。
tr	I	The window wasn 't but it was locked .
tr	O	我的眼睛睁开了，但是我什么也没看见。
tr	I	Thankfully they produced no children , and Husband Two was an older man .
tr	I	Although it took some time , they were doable , and the requests that Isaiah passed along were all well-chosen .
tr	O	我昨晚就做了那件事，主要因为我无聊透顶，而且电视上也没什么好看的。
tr	I	Jacob runs toward us and entering he rises quickly .
tr	O	我嗤笑了一声，并且我的笑声引起了他的注意。
tr	O	这很可能是他最后的机会了，而且他在见到她之前是不会离开的。
tr	O	也许我们应该折返...，但是那些声音正在他们身后的森林里喊叫。
tr	O	即使她抬头看着他，她感受到了他身体对他们亲近的反应，并且她的心跳加速了。
tr	I	In Cheyenne , the Lassiter name was damn near legend and they 'd put their stamp on Wyoming .
tr	O	内特再次亲吻了她的唇，并且又响起了一阵掌声。
tr	O	让我大为震惊，并且震撼了我的世界。
tr	I	The smile slipped , and her eyes widened .
tr	I	I got to see the platform party and the cameras panned across the stage .
tr	I	Another part was appalled at her own sensual curiosity , but a part of her felt strangely disappointed .
tr	I	He seemed to enjoy her company , and she knew he found her attractive .
tr	O	在我告诉你她在哪里之后，你离开了这里，并且她没有接电话。
tr	O	从外表上看，我长得像我母亲，但是只要有适当的动力，我就能很好地模仿我奶奶。
tr	O	那个生物张开嘴准备呻吟，但是还没等它发出声音，凯文就扣动了两次扳机。
tr	O	它离开了，并且我讨厌它。
tr	O	我们当时住在帆船酒店，并且我对即将看到的一切毫无准备。
tr	I	Her face creased with concern , but Phoebe smoothed her hand over the baby 's head with obvious affection .
tr	I	I cut him off , but he started .
tr	I	I 'm still holding on , but by morning , my fingers are sore .
tr	O	他一生都是个好孩子，并且我很骄傲。
tr	O	库柏工业的同比利润增长了110%，并且大部分利润来自其化学业务。
tr	I	He just kept going until she was where he wanted her , and she followed him , mad as a wet hen from what he says .
tr	O	我不属于这种派对，并且我肯定不属于内特·索恩希尔。
tr	O	他的棕色眼睛闪烁着，并且我知道我惹麻烦了。
tr	I	He jerks the bedroom door open and his fingers wrap around the doorknob .
tr	I	He didn 't know how to stop her and an awful premonition told him she was on a collision course with disaster .
tr	I	He nudges my collar from my neck with his nose and his hands fall to my hips .
tr	I	There was an easy way to test that , but I supposed she thought I 'd freak out .
tr	O	他们看到我时高兴地喊了起来，并且两人都过来给我一个拥抱。
tr	I	He was determined to enjoy himself despite Robert 's sour mood and he wanted to go .
tr	O	那一声哭喊让比尔博的心提到了嗓子眼，但是他仍然坚持着。
tr	O	这些剪刀是用于展示的，很钝，并且我很难将刀片穿过缎带。
tr	O	我的肚子笑得好痛，并且我确信她的也一样。
tr	O	她和她的妹妹不亲近，并且她们俩住在那栋房子里。
tr	I	They felt stupidly heavy , almost sealed together , but I struggled to open my eyes .
tr	O	这是她的道路，并且她必须走到尽头，无论那会是什么。
tr	I	They had to finish their search and the two couldn 't help Brown .
tr	O	我坐直了身子，仍旧警惕不安，看了一眼我的闹钟，上午九点。哈珀坐了起来，但是，我把她推了回去。
tr	O	他猛地一抖，仿佛她打了他一下，但是，值得称赞的是，他镇定了下来。
tr	I	That was just as firm as any other wall , but he tried to make his hand go through another part of the wall .
tr	I	I 'm excited to see you , and I get us a nice hotel room in the city .
tr	I	I averted my eyes , and the map zoomed in .
tr	I	She focused on the match and to avoid that , she started to get her mind straight .
tr	O	他知道他父亲需要他的帮助，并且他父亲是个好人。
tr	O	他问，并且我点头。
tr	I	The divorces hadn 't dimmed her hopes , but Poor choices , to be true .
tr	I	Even the change in my tone did not move her , but I sounded so gentle , so quiet .
tr	I	This time it was Taylor and the door open again .
tr	O	问题从我口中说出，但是，说话的却不是我。
tr	O	它看起来像一个普通的药瓶，但是我记得当时觉得它上面没有标签很奇怪。
tr	I	The plane flew overhead and they all ran into the foliage .
tr	I	Julie whacked him again with the crowbar , and Pete started to stir .
tr	O	他得到了一些帮助，并且他们玩了个调包计。
tr	O	这一天将充满激动人心的工作，并且我不想等待。
tr	O	我慢慢地喝着我的，感觉液体灼烧过我的喉咙，并且我的身体放松下来。
tr	I	He didn 't answer but I called Henry .
tr	I	I wanted to punch him , and he looked at me with a short smile , his eyes looking beady in his fat face .
tr	I	My challenge in the near future is to deceive them without letting them know they are being deceived , and I anticipate all of the above .
tr	O	他再次拿出黑莓手机，并且她想咬紧牙关。
tr	O	我转向他，以为他会因为我的指责而生气，但是他却在微笑。
tr	O	给它一个月，并且它就会合法了。
tr	I	Someone was asking me questions , and I heard strong , no-nonsense commands from a voice that sounded like my dad .
tr	I	Anything was possible , but I doubted it .
tr	O	我知道他受了苦，并且我不喜欢这样。
tr	O	在我去的那些日子里他没去健身房，并且我当时麻木到不在乎。
tr	O	这不是逮捕，而是你正在被置于一种拘禁情况。
tr	I	Now his features resembled those of an Incan mummy , but the man 's eyes remained frozen in an absent gaze of horror .
tr	I	You don 't know me , and I don 't know you .
tr	O	法律是严酷的，但是它就是法律。
tr	O	微风平稳，并且天空的漆黑被云层柔化了。
tr	I	They turned to each other as if in challenge , and the two men had spoken at the same time .
tr	O	他继续前进，仍然没有人影，但是医院仍然很远。
tr	O	那是一个漫长的夜晚，并且所有人都决定该回家了。
tr	O	我希望她看着我，突然，但是我死也不会求她。
tr	I	Another begun , and another relationship ended .
tr	I	I 'd half expected her to , and she didn 't complain at all .
tr	O	她轻轻地合上我的嘴，并且我不得不停止呼吸。
tr	I	We did take a walk on the beach , but we didn 't end up stopping for dessert .
tr	I	It is not news to him , but Curtis understands everything Jones is saying .
tr	I	I 'd been living at Auntie 's since my mother 's death , but we were maybe thirteen at the time .
tr	I	When my mind pushed past the screaming of my nerves , I realized I was laying on top of Samson , and I lost a few seconds .
tr	O	他考虑买一个香肠饼干，但是他不想再花钱了。
tr	O	那是我真正想问的，但是我知道那是不可能的。
tr	I	She cuts me off but I start to protest .
tr	I	She didn 't stop , but Graham called after her .
tr	O	他问得如此随意，但是他的语气却表达了完全相反的意思。
tr	I	His heart went still and there was a moment of hesitation .
tr	O	他的力气渐渐消退，并且他几乎无法支撑自己。
tr	I	Crawling down towards them in the dark sounded worse than her nightmares ; and there was no way to get out .
tr	O	他的下巴紧绷着，并且他的眼睛很冷硬。
tr	I	I see her body get stiff and her eyes go over my shoulder .
tr	O	他伸出手来抓我，但是我退开了。
tr	I	Althea lay back against her pillows as if sleeping , and the art table no longer stood in the way .
tr	I	He kissed away my doubts , and he kissed away the Tunnels .
tr	O	她回应了我的手势，并且我们离开了实验室。
tr	O	我希望我有时间修复它，但是那根本不可能。
tr	O	那孩子松开了他手中的步枪，并且它从他手中掉落到人行道上。
tr	O	我仍然需要处理新的主日学课程，而且如你所知，我讨厌新的主日学课程。
tr	O	他没有预料到我会在最后一刻做出如此危险的动作，并且他无法及时跟上我。
tr	I	I saw something flicker in their depths , and Edward 's eyes were locked on mine .
tr	O	他几乎无法从袭击者之间看清，并且他随后注意到商场正离他远去。
tr	O	我感觉到他的唇贴着我的，并且我唯一能做的就是回应。
tr	O	他不会向任何人承认这一点，但是他实际上开始感到有点害怕了。
tr	I	His home was now gone , and too many centuries had passed .
tr	I	Now I was dealing with a totally different subject , and I had started weeks earlier trying to learn about French explorers .
tr	I	I want him to and he doesn 't understand .
tr	I	She smiles at him and he takes it from her .
tr	I	She was still wearing her t-shirt but he wanted to kiss her breasts .
tr	I	He pressed his mouth to mine , fingers knotting in my hair , drawing me against him and his brilliant blue eyes dropped to my lips again .
tr	I	He thrust forward and the muscles of Jett 's rock hard torso tightened .
tr	O	那双萦绕在我梦中的、大而富有表现力的绿色眼睛锁定了我，并且她踉跄了一下。
tr	O	撇开名字不谈，他喜欢这把弩，并且它早已被磨合好了。
tr	O	她似乎很高兴能与那些并非自大的白痴共事，并且我很高兴能帮上她。
tr	O	他没有在萨福执行任务，并且没有八名武装恐怖分子。
tr	O	他问了，并且他抚摸了我的胸部。
tr	O	他一直在为霍尔先生死亡的细节而苦恼，并且他正试图弄明白。
tr	I	He 's mowing down all who come too close and one of his hands has turned into a steel scythe .
tr	O	我的身旁有动静，并且我看向一只高跟靴的鞋尖轻敲我大腿的地方。
tr	O	我还有不到一个小时，并且我有点儿慌乱。
tr	I	His effect on women was something he largely took for granted , but he wasn 't vain .
tr	I	I couldn 't hide in his shadow forever like a coward , and the ties had to come off .
tr	O	她可能不知道那意味着什么，但是我懂。
tr	I	The less likely she was to spill his secrets , and the more he kept her home , the more control he had over her .
tr	I	It 's finer than that , but they say it 's sand .
tr	O	灯光爆炸了，并且她不见了。
tr	O	有时候，在繁殖中会有亲吻，但是和她在一起时，他的全身都着火了。
tr	O	他经常去图书馆，并且如果他特别喜欢一本书，他就会在旧货摊上留意它。
tr	O	首映之夜进展顺利，并且观众很欣赏。
tr	O	这需要付出努力，但是他们很快就会让事情顺利运行。
tr	I	It was confusing , but he was doing his best to figure out all the intricacies of Lexie 's desires .
tr	I	I could hear messages coming in and he was still playing on his phone .
tr	I	His duty just might have a few fringe benefits and he was supposed to keep an eye on her .
tr	I	She loved it and she was good .
tr	I	Words wouldn 't form but he tried to speak .
tr	I	The words made no sense but beside me I heard conversation .
tr	I	I have to take a slow breath before I speak and my heart sinks inside my chest .
tr	O	电梯内的混乱随着每一秒的过去而减缓，并且保罗能够更好地掌控他的环境。
tr	O	她犯了一个她将不得不终生承受的错误，但是她确实爱他。
tr	I	Yeah , I want to show off for her , and it 's what I 'm good at .
tr	I	Sometimes it was the demons whispering their lies , and sometimes he could think clear .
tr	O	很快我们就到了殡仪馆的新区域，并且主任正在给我们看海伦。
tr	I	Evan rushed back up the stairs , sliding his arm behind me to prop me up , and Sara screamed out .
tr	O	他的手指给她指明了开关的位置，并且当它安全地指向地板时，他打开了开关。
tr	I	We 'd come back , right But they would both be so hurt ?
tr	I	Stately music filled the room , and the crystal music sphere sparkled in the brass holder .
tr	I	Sam saw that although his coloring must come from his father , his smile was all his mother 's , and the boy grinned at him .
tr	I	The sarcophagus would power up and this would allow enough radiation to escape to generate heat which would be captured by thermocouples , converted into electricity .
tr	I	In the blink of an eye , they were around the corner from the St. John , and his hand linked with hers .
tr	I	His is a tired smile , but he returns the smile .
tr	O	我的身体开始回应我允许的幻想，并且我责骂自己不该有那种想法。
tr	I	I fight to tamp them down and I feel the early stirrings of jealousy in my belly .
tr	O	有漂亮的女儿很好，我想，但是她们确实会吸引一定的关注。
tr	O	他大声呻吟着回应，并且那声音让热流遍她的全身。
tr	I	That large table was too formal for Kate tonight , but her mother preferred to eat every night in the dining room .
tr	O	我估计时间差不多了，并且我就进去了。
tr	O	他朝我挑眉，并且接着他的目光移向桌面。
tr	O	在他们能进一步交谈之前，门砰地一声开了，并且玛丽卡的父亲喘着粗气、上气不接下气地跌进了房间。
tr	I	My life as the Royal Prince would still not be affected , and why , the whole of England could be washed under the sea .
tr	I	She couldn 't even make it out the door , but she should be thinking about going back to America .
tr	O	极高极薄的云层过滤了阳光，并且没有深长的阴影。
tr	I	That is adventure and don 't forget the most important fact !
tr	O	灯变了，并且她走下路牙到了街上。
tr	I	The sun was already gone , darkness driving out the streaks of vibrant color , and it had been exhausting .
tr	I	If I 'm honest , I believe her , but I say , trying to be cynical .
tr	I	Luna looked somewhat startled to hear it , and he 'd thrown that last bit in .
tr	O	他需要东西，并且他们就停了下来。
tr	I	He didn 't say anything about that , but Noah already knew the Niners had won .
tr	O	这让我心潮澎湃，并且我强迫自己记住我在这里的任务。
tr	O	疯狂意味着事情不正常，并且如果事情不正常，那么无论你多么努力，你都无法预测会发生什么。
tr	I	Payton tried to take the opportunity to land a clean hit on Lea 's face with a right straight , and Lea 's guard was beaten open .
tr	O	他很高，但是他的身高是由于他那双对于身体来说过长的细长腿。
tr	O	我开始思考谁可能告诉了黑约翰，并且我脑海中不断闪现我第一次见到肖恩时的情景。
tr	O	康妮在这里，坐在椅子上，但是别人也在。
tr	O	她的眉头皱了起来，并且她严厉地说。
tr	I	I recognized the one from the ranch and a few police officers were standing around .
tr	I	He must know now but I never told him .
tr	I	She could not see anyone , but as she reached the ground floor she could see that the platform was lit with the usual spotlights .
tr	O	我只是开玩笑而已，但是她却当真了。
tr	I	I know my brother , but he may have said he was going to kill you .
tr	O	她开始走出房间，但是马克斯却拦住了她。
tr	O	我阿姨是一名护士，并且有时她会被叫去上紧急夜班。
tr	O	他笑得好像我讲了个好笑话，给我开了门，并且我滑入了第二个座位。
tr	O	他收到了那份无价的礼物，并且我则得到了无价之宝。
tr	O	贾里德的心跳漏了一拍，并且他艰难地吞咽了一下。
tr	I	She wasn 't here so she didn 't know where you were , but so I called Evie .
tr	I	I look around wildly , and the voice startles me .
tr	I	She considers concealing herself higher again and Heat crawls up her cheeks .
tr	O	我需要被他需要，并且他也需要被我需要。
tr	O	她离现场仍有一段距离，正朝他移动，然而那个生物散发出的恶意让她感到身体不适。
tr	O	它像这一个一样是玉色的，但是其中一个符号是琥珀色的。
tr	O	他一点点地将身体移向我，并且我立刻感受到了他的热量。
tr	O	他将她的头拉低，并且她再也无法抵抗。
tr	O	全世界每月生产数十亿药丸，并且根本太多了无法检测。
tr	I	Every shop had already closed but Amy spun round seeking escape .
tr	I	Tarik wasn 't quick to forgive , but he stopped fighting .
tr	I	They race through the subterranean network towards the steam plant and Jim , in the driver 's seat , flips it on .
tr	I	I spit it back into my cup instead of spewing it all over the floor and the warm coffee catches in my throat .
tr	O	走廊里没有人，但是她知道房子里挤满了人。
tr	O	赢得他们的信任花了一段时间，但是最终我们开始取得进展。
tr	I	Still a sharp chill hung in the air , but the weather had turned brighter as winter waned .
tr	O	我当时可能已经离开了，但是正如我所说，我憎恶任何形式的残忍。
tr	I	I almost collapsed from the relief surging through me , and she rested her hands on my chest .
tr	I	She shook her head , and I bit my lip .
tr	O	凯茜必须死，或者我的家人就死了。
tr	I	Nothing I 'd said had convinced him otherwise , but I was wil ing to bet Logan 's secret wasn 't nearly as horrible as that .
tr	I	All of the supplies Adelia had prepared were right there , yet it was like opening the way to a giant pit .
tr	I	Mercilessly slammed his head repeatedly into the ground , and I pounced on him , straddling his chest .
tr	I	He threw his hands up in question and Chris ' heart leapt to a gallop .
tr	I	It was as if my arm had been ripped off and she was only eleven at the time .
tr	I	I sit on the other , and we settle on the couch with Callie on one side .
tr	I	In the background , Rachel could hear the soft sighs from those who stared at the two of them , and he squeezed her to him .
tr	I	My heart was pounding so hard it hurt , and every muscle in my body was strung tight .
tr	O	他不得不将大部分体重支撑在手臂上，但是当他命令时，他的脚就动了。
tr	I	The army behind it surged silently forwards like a giant , black wave , and then it made the tiniest of gestures with its free hand .
tr	O	他在隐藏情绪方面不如一些守卫，但是多年来他在这方面已经有所改进。
tr	I	As we reach the street , he moves closer to me , and I hold Henry tight .
tr	O	灯光很微弱，营造出一种宁静的氛围，并且里面挤得满满的。
tr	I	It never occurred to him that others did not share that view , and he thought himself the best of good fellows .
tr	I	After seven spells , I could barely keep Vlad from leaving me , but any other man would be madly , irrevocably in love with me .
tr	I	Quite often it was also definitely about sex , but it was about food .
tr	O	塞斯·马斯特森唯一比输更憎恨的只有一件事，而且那就是被提醒他输了。
tr	O	我的手机在口袋里开始振动，并且声音把我从恍惚中惊醒。
tr	I	Then it faded , but she almost smiled .
tr	O	我们在埃及，正如我们的人民很久以前那样，并且正如他们所做的那样，我们回到了家。
tr	I	He didn 't bother to push it back , but his hair hung in his face .
tr	O	他下达了一个命令，但是这几乎是一个请求。
tr	I	It took everything I had to remain still , and rage burned through me , setting me on fire .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure he wanted her to leave yet , and he didn 't know if she was in a hurry .
tr	I	He was mine , and he was here .
tr	O	如果我向前迈出一步，我就会在他的怀里，而且我赤裸的身体会紧贴着他。
tr	O	我再次捏了她腿的后面，并且她跳了起来，发出一声尖叫般的笑声。
tr	I	It would kil , but it wouldn 't be a precise hit , not at this angle .
tr	I	She cautioned herself against judging too quickly , but Jane thought Marjory looked perfectly competent still .
tr	O	我这辈子见过很少的雄龙，但是这生物在我看来简直病入膏肓。
tr	I	The fear on their faces was obvious , and they 'd lost all of their colour .
tr	O	那是一个完美的球，但是我错过了它。
tr	O	黑暗笼罩在他们的肩上，并且一股冰冷的气息爬上了他们的背脊。
tr	O	我四下寻找钥匙，但是我没有看到。
tr	I	I quickly realize that she doesn 't understand English , but she 's very friendly .
tr	I	She nodded her head and he looked at her as if to ask permission .
tr	O	他的脸皱了起来，并且他抓住了插着木桩的心脏。
tr	O	呼吸很痛，并且那气味让她头晕目眩。
tr	O	一个故事浮现在她的脑海中，并且阿斯特丽德不安地挪动了一下。
tr	I	I don 't know if I 'm ready for it and I don 't know what this is going to lead to .
tr	I	She couldn 't let her bitter feelings toward him soften , and she couldn 't forgive him for choosing money over her .
tr	I	He had a genuine sweetness that never failed to touch me , but the vacancy of his face detracted a bit from his looks .
tr	O	他们争论着米娅应该穿什么，并且他们其实并不关心她。
tr	I	I relaxed a bit and he kissed my neck .
tr	O	你再次给了我们希望和对人性的信念。
tr	O	德文把她拉进了阴影里，随着巨大的车库门滑开，并且房车驶入了日光中。
tr	O	那里太暗了，看不清是谁站在那里，但是 我很容易就认出了雷克斯的声音。
tr	I	His eyes ordered her to remain still , but she began to move to stand up .
tr	I	I suddenly couldn 't remember the last time I ate , but I didn 't feel hungry .
tr	O	安吉想起了狂野多风海岸上那座小小的农舍，并且 一连串珍贵的回忆涌上心头。
tr	O	我真的不知道他女朋友黛比是怎么想的，但是 她似乎并没有因此和他断绝关系。
tr	O	我能看出来，因为走廊开始清空了，然而 杰克依然保持安静。
tr	O	他们已经做好了应急准备，但是 随着终点临近，信使开始担心起来。
tr	O	她所拥有的一切就是她的直觉，并且 直觉告诉她大卫是个好人。
tr	O	我一整天都心神不宁，并且 我与斯图的下午约会怎么也等不及了。
tr	O	乔伊松了一口气，并且 莱斯利靠在了折叠衣柜门上。
tr	I	That red was slowly fading , and his eyes were dark red .
tr	I	I go and my dad nudges me towards the door .
tr	I	He breathed again , and the nausea passed .
tr	I	Far below , Christmas lights twinkled endlessly , and I was above a smattering of clouds .
tr	I	She moved against him , parting her thighs for him , giving him easier access , and he cupped her center .
tr	I	His heart continued to pound in his throat , but he hugged his arms around the mount 's sweaty neck .
tr	I	She knew it , and David was right .
tr	O	头盔感觉很奇怪，但是随着飞船颤抖，它无法完全阻挡我对信标的感知。
tr	I	She didn 't turn to look at him again , but she could feel Devon 's gaze burrowing into her back .
tr	I	He shook his head , and a tear ran down the side of Taylor 's face .
tr	O	他的头发垂到脸上，但是他的目光从未离开我的。
tr	I	She declined , but I 'd asked Ula on Wednesday if she wanted to go with us .
tr	O	这不是一个广阔、蔓延的庄园，并且他们有一个充满活力的居民协会。
tr	O	他们默默地走着，直到她意识到他们回到了艾萨克和她之前待过的同一个地方。
tr	O	他清了清嗓子，并且声音出来时低沉了一些。
tr	I	I held my ground , but his eyes bore into me .
tr	O	随着关节被猛地扯出原位，一声巨大的爆裂声划破空气，并且我被摔了个屁股墩。
tr	O	她小心翼翼地穿过第二个守卫的区域，并且现在她已经深入内圈。
tr	O	她在即兴发挥，凭直觉行事，但是那已是她所能依靠的全部了。
tr	O	查尔斯是领导者，并且安德鲁是追随者。
tr	I	They continue toward the waterfall , and the path forks .
tr	O	他们非常挑剔，并且他们在支付高价方面感到非常自豪。
tr	O	她此前曾发现福利的格伦，并且她的紧迫感已经动摇了。
tr	I	What was more , it was locked , and it was closed .
tr	I	If you don 't mind , I would like to make one more wish , but it may be too late .
tr	I	All eyes were on Zoey , and the entire dining room froze .
tr	I	I smiled to see that he had gotten stuck on the same step I had , but the base cases were hard enough .
tr	I	A blond Sky Raider flew past them on a terracotta wolf and one of the iron sky gates on the side of the Nest swung open .
tr	O	她的眼睛鼓着，并且她的尖牙在阳光下闪烁。
tr	I	I come from a distant place when I was a younger one and my days are running down .
tr	I	The arson was just a cover-up , and this was a theft .
tr	O	他的额头上有一道血红色的污迹，并且猩红的珠子点缀在他的皮肤上。
tr	I	No matter how you looked at it , the backyard privacy was nonexistent , but a few trees helped separate the space .
tr	O	我盯着她看，并且她看起来和我一样困惑。
tr	O	然后她对他眨了眨眼，并且他想打她。
tr	O	她的呼吸听起来很好，并且她的脸色正在恢复。
tr	O	我的朋友又仔细打量了我一番，并且我再次意识到我生命中有多少掌握在他手中。
tr	O	格蕾丝在他重复那些残忍的话时无法呼吸，并且她只能想象当他听到它们时是何种感受。
tr	O	当他们走出车站时，三月冰冷的空气像拳头一样击中朱莉娅，并且她退缩了，靠向兰斯。
tr	I	I gasped at the mansion that appeared before us and we rounded a curve .
tr	O	然后她感到盖伦的手臂环抱着她，并且她意识到他也在哭泣。
tr	I	She daubed her eyes and Clay quickly handed her a handkerchief .
tr	O	这太不公平了，你必须为孩子们提供所有必需品，而他却只顾玩乐。
tr	I	She planned on taking full advantage and he was offering himself to her .
tr	I	We both know it , and that stupid , stupid kiss was my own doing .
tr	I	Then he licked her again , sending sweet sensations shooting through her body , and he shifted , moving closer .
tr	I	I had to , but pushing down what I 'd done probably wasn 't something therapists across the nation would suggest as a healthy practice .
tr	I	I decided not to , but I was going to go into the city to see Jordan .
tr	I	Our Storm Lord was worried , but I wasn 't sure why .
tr	I	Death seemed preferable to the pain they inflicted , but their venom wasn 't deadly .
tr	I	He wasn 't comfortable saying it , and Talon had something to tell her .
tr	I	She looked away , and her cheeks flushed .
tr	O	他的手在门上抽搐了一下，但是他没有把它抽开。
tr	O	埃利奥特没有火山活动的经验，但是他所看到的一切并没有给他留下深刻印象。
tr	O	它顺便提到了那些附件，并且直到很久之后他才有空打开它们。
tr	I	She turned her attention to the spectacular sensation of soaring through the air and his soothing murmur , almost a caress , calmed her wild thoughts .
tr	I	They were too small to see through , but I pressed my eyes to the holes .
tr	I	He felt he had rights to every room in the place and it was his castle .
tr	I	She now understood why there were so many casualties and the country was built for defence , not attack .
tr	I	In a few moments the murmuring crowd quieted down , and Isaiah raised his hand to get everyone 's attention .
tr	O	我已经很久没有性生活了，而且上一个男人用舌头的方式就像个通渠工。
tr	I	John had done a good job with their camp this time and Maya frowned , thinking she .
tr	I	Nina nods , and Katrina asks .
tr	I	He wouldn 't say anything , but she tried getting Gary involved .
tr	I	The seasons began to blur , and they flipped through a few of the yearbooks .
tr	O	如果他们选择相信你，他们就会乐意取下吊坠，但是最终还是要由他们来决定。
tr	O	我很抱歉，但是我们把他送到医疗机构，能提供的只是让他遭受更多他已经承受的痛苦。
tr	I	They were firmly locked but she pushed against them .
tr	O	路加因为我盯着她的屁股看而对我发牢骚，我确实在看，但是我忍不住。
tr	O	我甚至都没有意识到是这样，但是我却以愤怒回应了恐惧。
tr	O	有些不情愿，考虑到人们普遍认为蒂特米应该待在软墙房间里，但是一万块钱就是一万块钱。
tr	I	Then his lips pressed against my forehead , and I felt his jaw graze the top of my head .
tr	I	He looked up , confused by her violence , and the fog in his mind cleared at last .
tr	O	她的目光落在我身上，但是天太黑了，看不清她的表情。
tr	I	She 's mine , but I may not be her father by blood .
tr	I	I pulled her into my arms to comfort her , but I felt my heart lurch at the words .
tr	I	I smiled at her and I was alert again .
tr	O	他意识到自己的字迹不如奥古斯特的整洁，并且他发现很难保持在一条直线上书写。
tr	O	歌曲很快，但是我们不在乎。
tr	O	她可能邀请了特蕾莎因为她喜欢她，并且唐·格雷厄姆会在那里因为珍会在。
tr	O	我看着他微笑，并且然后他走到了我身边。
tr	O	再靠近一点，并且你就会知道。
tr	O	他叹了口气，并且当他说话时，他听起来既同情又疲惫。
tr	I	He knew that his role as wingman in this proposal plan was not be toyed with , but Clay 's brother might be a jokester .
tr	I	This month her turn came around to represent her office , and he would expect a report from the human resources department .
tr	I	She couldn 't bear being separated from her family and she lived in Ocean Isle .
tr	O	我感到胜利了，但是特雷弗却不受束缚。
tr	O	费德没有尝试碰我，尽管我们有了新的理解，并且我很感激。
tr	O	待在原地，或者你就会被射杀！
tr	O	我们的头发掉光了，并且没有新的长出来替代。
tr	O	无论我们之间发生过什么，他仍然是我的朋友，并且我会想念他。
tr	I	The amber energy shield would be transparent , but both bodies were entrapped by Guardian magic .
tr	I	There 's nothing and I 've checked everything she owns .
tr	I	John gestured towards the door , and Kaia 's eyes widened .
tr	O	唐·安东尼奥娶了他的母亲，并且何塞一直憎恨他的继父。
tr	I	It seemed foreign , yet it was so familiar here .
tr	I	She dances in a circle , pivoting around where I hold her and I haven 't even touched Mettle with it .
tr	I	The littering of acorns makes me move slowly and the old pavers are uneven .
tr	I	The next thing you know , Alec has signed his life away , and the recruiter will pal around with him to draw him in .
tr	O	比尔吉特哭了，并且我们随后被一群约六英寸高的振翅生物包围了。
tr	O	他们会一起玩弹珠，并且他会让爱德华赢。
tr	O	我们将会有足够多的麻烦来对付玛德琳、埃默里和他们巨大的守卫。
tr	I	He missed her things surrounding his own , but he 'd never thought he would admit it .
tr	I	Soundproofing was only so good , but Shifter spaces were usually soundproofed .
tr	O	我在酒吧看红袜队的比赛，并且你在电视上！
tr	O	她对年长的那位就没那么好说了，并且尽管她知道自己不该在乎，但她确实在乎。
tr	I	He was going to be just fine but the man looked a little rough around the edges .
tr	I	She 's just lost in that jungle and I know she is alive .
tr	O	他再次扑过来，但是这次我做出了回应。
tr	O	他的头抬了起来，眼睛搜寻着我的，并且也许他看到了我在想什么。
tr	O	一股泥土从洞里喷涌而出，并且维克托感到一股巨大的、迎面而来的黑暗浪潮。
tr	I	He couldn 't let that happen and Julian knew what Papa was thinking .
tr	I	She said she could not tell and again her father asked her where she got the golden egg .
tr	I	That means something , and she is still here .
tr	O	我想问萨利这件事，但是我不该再让他担心了。
tr	I	Clung tighter to my leg and Ethan , however , wailed .
tr	I	Now somebody wants me to do worse things , to you and I have done bad things .
tr	O	他又开始解释永远不叫她艾迪生这件事，但是店员已经在和厄尔通电话了。
tr	O	她需要站起来，但是她的肌肉拒绝了。
tr	O	杰克显然吓坏了，但是他坚守阵地。
tr	O	她吓坏了，但是不是因为他们所想的原因。
tr	O	克劳迪娅一直在和我妈妈一起烘焙，所以她不知道那些，但是她知道我一直在躲避与他的接触。
tr	I	There was no sign of the officer and Jackson looked back .
tr	I	Honestly I wasn 't interested , and I couldn 't tell with the streetlights reflecting on the glass .
tr	I	Now you 've come back to all this , and Heaven must have been wonderful .
tr	O	罗茜意识到她能透过那个女人的上半身看到窗户，并且她一直后退，直到她用力抵住墙壁。
tr	I	I watched her lush body as she made her way across the room , and she stood .
tr	I	It flickered to life and I touched the Wall .
tr	I	I spot some glossy mares grazing outside of their fence as well , but Sheep wander freely across the road , which isn 't so unusual .
tr	O	我知道你说你记得被绑架前的一切，但是你知道我是一个愤世嫉俗的泼妇。
tr	O	他们可能非常适合我心目中的一项商业冒险，但是我对他们一无所知。
tr	I	Sam loved women ... and Women loved Sam .
tr	O	杰瑞把他吓得要死，但是内心深处有些东西拒绝屈服。
tr	I	His shoulders relax and a rueful smile twists his lips .
tr	I	He can 't talk back , but I can talk to him .
tr	I	He 'd remember , but it left no mark .
tr	O	我的脸颊湿润着泪水，并且我的额头靠在他的下巴上。
tr	I	You 're right , but ordinarily I wouldn 't get involved .
tr	O	我会尖叫，并且她会用这些完美而逻辑的论点来反驳。
tr	O	她向昆兰挪近，并且他将一只手臂环住她，把她抱在怀里。
tr	I	I found myself biting my lower lip , but I should have been ready for bed .
tr	I	Like one you 'd see on TV , but it looks like a school 's gym locker room -- not the gym at my school .
tr	O	尼姆罗德可以待在他的钱包里，但是他会是个干扰。
tr	O	她的嘴唇在颤抖，并且泪水顺着她的脸颊流下。
tr	O	我和两个兄弟一起长大，并且注意我说的话很困难。
tr	I	She was sure places changed , but it was as if the place were frozen in time .
tr	O	我很惊讶他到现在还没出现在我面前，或者也许他比他兄弟聪明。
tr	O	她嗤之以鼻，但是房子另一部分传来的手机铃声让她安静了下来。
tr	O	需要有人拿着光，并且杰克不能独自完成。
tr	O	他又敲了敲门，并且然后利亚姆听到急促的脚步声沿着大厅远去。
tr	I	His caution paid off , and he moved on toward the gates of the inner bailey , still wary .
tr	O	门大开着，并且树叶正被风吹到地板上。
tr	O	这让我觉得自己像个坏人，但是话说回来，我就是这样的人了。
tr	O	她是除了艾达之外我唯一的女性伴侣，但是我最近很少见到她。
tr	I	I lean my weight into her , shoving her into the doorframe , and the woman is knocked a little back , her hand releasing my face .
tr	O	尽管我才认识他不到两天，他似乎是个可靠的混蛋，而且至少这还算有点什么。
tr	I	Without hesitation he raised the lever to its full extent and Taylor stepped on the gas pedal to increase engine power .
tr	O	金属落在地上的叮当声吸引了她的注意，而且她看到当麦克斯刺中他时，帝国士兵的剑掉了。
tr	I	She was tipsy with only half a glass and the bubbly liquid plus nothing to absorb the alcohol immediately went to her brain .
tr	I	Her eyes stabbed him with a million daggers , but Miss Ankles said nothing .
tr	O	他重新坐回沙发上，并且我加入了他的行列。
tr	O	他一定在附近某个地方，而且奥斯汀决心找到他。
tr	I	At least the goal was clear , but he didn 't believe it would actually work .
tr	I	Nothing came , but as we walked , I struggled for the right thing to say .
tr	O	她看着我，而且我能从她的眼中看出她很害怕。
tr	I	Of course that was a ridiculous notion , but Ivan felt like the man was doing a background check on him .
tr	O	她快走到主门了，这时门开了，并且一小群官员走了进来。
tr	I	With it every last shred of hope Emma had left , and rawlings had torn the marriage contract in half .
tr	O	他们第一次说话，并且空虚因他们的话语而剧烈颤抖。
tr	I	Byron were the perfect couple , anyway , even long before Meredith and it wasn 't like Ella .
tr	O	我理解他需要忏悔，但是我却抓住了他说的第一件事。
tr	I	A second voice got on the line , and there was rustling on the other end .
tr	I	At least people received a fair wage for a day 's work , but it wasn 't like the prosperity of the twenties .
tr	O	山姆最喜欢的活动之一是练习他的跆拳道，而且作为他偶尔的陪练伙伴，我学会了几招。
tr	I	She hadn 't touched it in years , but the velvet was worn on top ; that was how often she 'd held it .
tr	I	Having had to shoot Alessia had made her vulnerable , and her plan was not going as she had thought .
tr	I	It is only natural that they would consider a vampire a threat and when you first turn , instincts are very hard to control .
tr	O	我知道我应该固定在座位上，但是我却在那个“顽童”跳下车时坐了起来。
tr	O	她虽然没有看他，或者我带着苦涩注意到她也没有看我。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure Cora believed that , but I felt like he was out there .
tr	O	鼓声隆隆，并且男人们死了。
tr	O	有一段时间很清晰，但是她能看到前方约半英里处三条车道上的尾灯。
tr	I	He also knew he couldn 't give her up but he knew they still had a ways to go .
tr	O	我把她抱在我身边，让我的生殖器远离她，但是仍然让她足够靠近，让她感到安全。
tr	I	She would fight his nature at every turn , and this was a woman of freedom , strong for a mortal .
tr	I	It 's all the more violent because they were once best friends , and these two have been building a grudge match for more than a year .
tr	O	桌子又都空了，图书馆员的编目工作已经完成，并且房间又一次看起来像一个避风港。
tr	I	I felt them , their power , but sooty lashes hid his eyes .
tr	I	She smiled knowingly and Agatha 's bent fingers touched the bracelet .
tr	I	I guess I 've never looked into it , but I presume this to be uniform throughout the disjoint nation .
tr	O	她尖叫起来，吸引了猎人们的注意，并且在他还没来得及动弹一下之前，她就滑到他面前停了下来。
tr	I	They could not have possibly consummated it yet , but they may have married .
tr	O	接待员已经呼叫他，说她到了，并且他想在她到他这层楼时在那里迎接她。
tr	I	They 'd agreed to start over and she 'd cleared the air between them .
tr	O	雷丁医生似乎注意到了，并且他笑了。
tr	I	Matthew boarded the train with Bax , and the conductor took their tickets .
tr	O	这需要几代人的时间，岛屿的伤痕才能愈合，并且它才能再次成为加勒比的明珠。
tr	O	她以为她看到了他的胸膛起伏，但是她什么也没听到。
tr	I	I 'm guessing he is disappointed that there really is no bikini , but I can 't read the expression in his eyes very well .
tr	O	两者都疼，但是这种疼痛已远不如从前。
tr	I	It creaked and I gently pushed on the door .
tr	I	Her parents converted it to an inn , but this used to be her grandparents ' house .
tr	O	它仍然如此，并且看着她死去的痛苦并没有因为了解了她温暖背后的真实故事而减轻。
tr	I	The return of the cold wind has us gripped together tightly but the sun is shining .
tr	O	她几分钟后拿着一个盒子出来了，并且她把它放进了苏珊的后备箱。
tr	O	我生病了，并且我累了。
tr	I	Let 's be honest , I don 't like groups , but we were supposed to separate into groups of four .
tr	I	I looked at her , and mom laughed at something David said .
tr	O	她的嘴巴伴随着一声清晰的叹息而张开，并且他迷失了。
tr	O	学校围墙外的景色在召唤着，并且她愉快地向前倾身，把手肘放在大理石扶手顶部。
tr	O	我很想继续前进，但是我还不确定该怎么做。
tr	I	She covered her stomach with both hands and her eyes widened in surprise .
tr	O	这是他乘坐挑战者号的第一次航行，并且被邀请在船长餐桌用餐是一种荣幸。
tr	I	She stifled a smile and Amelia felt a burning excitement seep to the surface .
tr	O	战斗进行了一分钟，并且看起来莉亚的表现不如人们想象的那么好。
tr	O	随着哈姆与她交手，木杖敲击作响，并且尽管她体型巨大，但维恩还是坚守住了。
tr	O	今晚是我很长时间以来最正常的一个夜晚，但是它不可能永远持续下去。
tr	O	门在底层打开了，并且她尽可能快地跑出了酒店。
tr	O	玛丽，我想打他的头，但是现在，他可能会把它当成前戏。
tr	I	As she fumbled excitedly with the envelope , she breathed in the heavily scented air , and she eventually found herself an arbour near the rose garden .
tr	I	The production schedule was planned to coincide with pending FAA approvals , and obtaining permits from one stage to the next occupied a great deal of time .
tr	I	She 'd kept at it but it 'd been exhausting just to watch .
tr	I	If it didn 't we were royally screwed ; and there was only one way to know whether the plan would work .
tr	O	我坐到床上，努力倾听，但是这毫无用处。
tr	O	它们轻轻地弹跳着，让我想起游乐场里的货物网，但是它们看起来足够坚固，能承受我的体重。
tr	O	那时候我们不把它叫做抑郁，但是我相信她确实是。
tr	I	That same old sorrow was in her voice , and ' He died , ' she replied shortly .
tr	O	他甜蜜地对我笑了笑，并且我迅速地收回了我的手。
tr	O	史黛西太了解格格不入的感觉了，但是跑步从未让情况好转。
tr	I	Finally he just shook his head , but there were so many things Quinlan could have said .
tr	I	I could not handle her all day , but the lady is as sweet as pie .
tr	I	She rolled her eyes and her phone buzzed again .
tr	I	Those are the things you inherited from him , and there were good parts of Rex .
tr	O	她抬头看着他，并且我看到她眼中深处闪过一丝火花。
tr	O	说话很痛，但是他知道他必须这样做。
tr	O	我可以从她那里获取食物，并且这不会伤害她。
tr	I	His sharp blue eyes didn 't miss much , but Three Walter Stanford was somewhere in his seventies .
tr	O	这些恶魔已经入侵了这片土地，并且他们必须离开。
tr	O	他不到十小时前才到，并且他们就已经给他贴上了坏孩子的标签。
tr	I	She looked past his shoulder , and he saw she was shaking .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop them and tears fell down her cheeks .
tr	I	You said I was playing a game and I wore a boring dress the other night .
tr	I	His legs seemed to withdraw up into his head , and his head seemed to retract down into his belly .
tr	I	That was to be a great help to me later , and I suppose it was during that time that I started writing to friends in France .
tr	I	The lyrics were ironically upbeat , but the chords were minor , as if the song was meant to be sad .
tr	O	我过去很感激能见到艾比，但是他的完美现在让我感到恐惧。
tr	O	大风暴带来了更温和的天气，但是晚上仍然偏凉。
tr	O	位于底层的巴尔蒂餐厅正在为晚间顾客做开业准备，并且烹饪的香味通过敞开的窗户飘了进来。
tr	O	值得庆幸的是，我很快就恢复过来了，并且伸手去拿相机。
tr	I	The cool winds from the west rose intermittently , then dissipated , and an occasional cloud dimmed the moonlight .
tr	O	听了这番简单的话，他的胸口紧绷起来，但是它们却蕴含着丰富而沉重的情感。
tr	I	Kissed him back and * * * Lily slung her arm around Adrien 's neck .
tr	O	我希望我能有更多的控制权，但是我绝不能再那样独自一人了。
tr	I	He glared at me and Steve 's face dropped .
tr	O	音乐响起了，并且伊莎贝拉意识到他们即将跳的舞是一支华尔兹。
tr	O	接受我的坦白所造成的伤害，我将路虎挂入前进挡，并且我将车驶回高速公路。
tr	O	我试图指出我们可以使用这些机器，但是他却不以为然。
tr	I	Julia walked to her gate and her flight number was called .
tr	I	Flung himself into the air , soaring upward and he took a pair of quick steps .
tr	I	This didn 't matter as well , but they were both dressed like the whites .
tr	I	He seems to get it , but I 'm not sure why I said that .
tr	I	Drake was speaking again , but Damen was about to tell the other man he did not need any kind of support considering his newfound wealth .
tr	I	I 'm back sitting on the sofa and I 'm still in James ' living room .
tr	I	I 'd never contacted him via a phone call before , and he couldn 't read my mind through the cell .
tr	O	我差点以为自己要长出尾巴了，但是我依然双腿健全，游了上来。
tr	I	It wasn 't pain , but it was like pain .
tr	O	她是那种永远无法完全身居权力之位的女人，或者她的男人就会失去她。
tr	O	他可以埋头工作，但是有什么意义呢。
tr	O	我深吸了一口气，然后缓慢而平静地呼出了每一个空气分子。
tr	I	There wasn 't a damn thing I could do about it , and he was going to hit me in the head .
tr	I	I nodded up at him , and he looked down at me with a questioning look .
tr	O	他变了，并且她不再喜欢他了？
tr	I	The staff are friendly and the children are very well behaved .
tr	O	他的手移动了她，把她更紧地拉向他，并且一只手滑到法兰绒衬衫下面，找到了下面柔软娇嫩的皮肤。
tr	O	我走进了看起来像某种门厅的地方，里面空无一物，只有一道向上盘旋的石梯。
tr	I	It seemed to have difficulty penetrating the shadows which surrounded the man , but he lifted the candle higher still .
tr	O	这些项目没有完全完成，并且杀死我就会终止它们，至少是暂时性的。
tr	O	她真的需要有人倾诉——现在——但是她只好接受必须等待的事实。
tr	I	My cheeks burned even hotter , and he chuckled at my expense .
tr	O	日本茶园不大，但是它以美弥补了尺寸的不足。
tr	I	The blonde woman Clary had heard speaking excitedly at the Gard stepped forward , and there was a cry from the Nephilim .
tr	O	Eli 有一把长弓，而 Jed 拿着一把弩。
tr	I	They even listen to her , and Crazy stuff .
tr	I	That night they didn 't , but usually they had dinner beforehand .
tr	O	火焰穿透我的手，而且我大喊，水泡在我的手掌上形成。
tr	O	迪恩先生在抽出第一张牌之前洗了闪卡，而且所有人都坐到了他们的椅子上，准备开始游戏。
tr	O	没有更多报道的恶魔袭击了，但是肯定有什么东西正在蠢蠢欲动。
tr	O	那个声明让他措手不及，而且他笑了。
tr	O	撞击声持续着，而且窗户开始嘎嘎作响，一根大树枝反复敲打着玻璃。
tr	O	他们知道这个白色战士在那里，但是他们找不到他。
tr	O	她的解释听起来很有说服力，而且凯莉胃里的那股紧张感也随之消散了。
tr	O	艾妮塔依偎进了迪恩的怀里，并且他们正忙着弥补逝去的时光。
tr	I	He dug his feet in , and they tried to drag him toward the restraining chair .
tr	O	她的话语充满嘲讽，但是她的声音很温柔。
tr	O	这个白痴认为根本没有鬼魂这种东西，并且我才是那个蠢透了的人吗？
tr	O	两周时间也许很短，但是它们足够长，足以伤害普鲁登斯了。
tr	O	迪肯把头转向了我，并且我就明白了他是何意。
tr	O	她的手指抠进我的背部，并且我享受着这种感觉。
tr	I	Her cheeks turned an adorable shade of rose and his heart lifted when she smiled full on .
tr	I	The eyes narrowed again and there was a pause .
tr	I	They merit to someone ready her a lesson and however people like you maybe do it .
tr	O	好像是关于一个士兵背叛自己人的事，但是我没心思听。
tr	O	斯凯的声音略微颤抖，但是她坚定地继续着。
tr	I	She smiled at Lyssa and zoey eye 's twinkled .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure how much longer he was going to live , and the pain in his stomach was burning .
tr	I	I 'm bad at being good , but I 'm good at being bad .
tr	O	他想说更多，但是话语没有出来。
tr	O	一声叫喊从哈特的喉咙里挣扎而出，并且他无法阻止它从他嘴里发出。
tr	I	It was so sweet , but it was a simple mundane action .
tr	O	我那时没有看到重点，并且我现在也没有看到。
tr	O	我们根据加洛博士所说，认为艾滋病是由艾滋病毒引起的，并且就是这样了。
tr	I	He shook his head and Titus ' jaw tightened .
tr	I	She nodded her agreement and he smiled kindly at her .
tr	O	阿莱娜又呼出一口气，但是它出来时却像几点火花。
tr	I	The motion made her fall back under the waves , but Soul looked around .
tr	I	There was no answering sound from below , but she waited a long moment .
tr	I	She felt his body react swiftly and her fingers tentatively touched his hair .
tr	O	火焰消失在空气中，并且哈维尔再次潜入隧道。
tr	O	我又笑了，或者我继续笑。
tr	O	我抬头看着她的脸，并且她也低头看着我。
tr	O	她试图转身离开他，但是伊森轻轻地扶着她站稳，同时他触摸着她的手臂。
tr	I	I nod , and he asks .
tr	I	I met his eyes , and his head swung toward me as he went by .
tr	O	萨姆讨厌她声音中带有的警惕语气，但是他还是应该把一切都开诚布公地说出来。
tr	I	He was drowning , and now the economy was down .
tr	O	她曾祈祷他会忘记，但是那个男人太精明了。
tr	O	康妮在她的兄弟们的保护下很安全，然而本杰明会不惜一切代价摧毁她。
tr	I	I only joined him a week ago , but well , he 's been here longer .
tr	O	载着她的马车是下一个，并且蒙哥马利战士们随后在她身后排队，骑入了宽敞的庭院。
tr	O	妮娜喜欢她回到托尼店的感觉，但是我还没吃完一片披萨就感到太不舒服而无法待下去了。
tr	O	以前的我早就吐了，但是现在的我胃更硬了。
tr	O	史蒂文走了，并且她嫁给了别人。
tr	O	他没有手机，而且我不知道他去了哪里。
tr	I	Then I realize that I don 't want to , but I think about stepping out of his line of sight .
tr	O	天很黑，而且我看不清我们到底在哪里。
tr	O	他很担心她，而且这表现在他的脸上。
tr	I	She continued , and he snorted .
tr	I	Clearly had continued their argument after I left them and they were both a little red in the face .
tr	O	我正在看到一个不再存在的东西，而且我正在看到另一个从未，从未存在过的东西。
tr	I	He could see no joy , no relief , and his little sister 's wide , dark eyes took him in .
tr	O	浓密的灰色薄雾笼罩着他们，而且闪电在黑暗中闪烁。
tr	O	一阵短暂的沉默，并且然后她清了清嗓子。
tr	I	I yanked him toward me , and my hands reached for his hair .
tr	O	赛斯不安地动了动，但是原因不清楚。
tr	I	The pit bull was faintly audible over the roar , but the air conditioner was running .
tr	O	马蒂对他的混合饮料非常自豪，以至于我每周至少喝一杯，但是它们味道很糟糕。
tr	I	She had insisted on meeting Ella and Mrs. Jackson was being wheeled around the grounds by her husband .
tr	O	欧文对这种屈尊的态度感到恼火，但是他开始放松姿态。
tr	I	Cyd introduced me to Tony , and I got a big hug .
tr	I	Her mouth is speaking and her eyes are glued to mine .
tr	I	She also knew that she had to leave , but she liked working at Stanford Enterprises .
tr	I	I saw Daemon in my head , and my eyes fluttered shut .
tr	I	Her vision dimmed and her eyelids fluttered .
tr	O	中心人物正在和他的同伴交流着什么，他的同伴又向警卫发出了指令，但是没有任何声音。
tr	O	我母亲的病让我焦头烂额，并且我需要你爷爷给我的每一分钱。
tr	I	He went into the living room to prepare everything and she was cutting tomatoes .
tr	O	我的目光与他相遇，而且我能感受到我那句话的刺痛。
tr	O	可能还有一段额外的识别短语，但是他不知道那是什么。
tr	O	我不会说我一直在想它，但是基本上我确实想了很多。
tr	O	阿彻将手臂环过我的肩膀，而且我靠在他身上，额头抵着他的下巴，他安慰着我。
tr	I	It can be quite painful , and it just makes you very weak .
tr	I	I drop with a lurch and my parachute cords cut .
tr	O	我越过她，望向山丘，并且她的目光沿着我的视线扫去。
tr	O	我告诉了他他想听的话，但是我知道我不会打电话。
tr	I	The pain was getting worse and the sidewalk started to spin .
tr	O	我在电视上看了很多比赛，但是我从没在比赛之夜去过真正的体育场。
tr	I	It was a start , but it wasn 't much .
tr	O	也许我们会很幸运，并且普雷斯利会听从你的领导。
tr	O	戴安娜哭了，并且索尼亚跳了起来。
tr	I	That is just one of the things that makes me love him , and Damien makes me feel like the most beautiful woman in the world .
tr	I	I was cleared to go with an appointment for four weeks from now and the pregnancy was progressing well .
tr	I	As quickly as they appeared , the wolves disappeared , leaving the humans alone once more , but his own beast answered the call .
tr	I	Her arm wouldn 't move but she wanted to rub her forehead .
tr	I	She was kind of starting to like this guy , but she hated to admit it .
tr	I	Her breath felt heavy on my face , and her face was a mere inch from mine .
tr	O	车库门平稳地打开了，并且豪华轿车驶入了巨大的车库。
tr	I	All the rest are slums where the workers live , and there are only a few big houses in this system .
tr	I	She flitted into the kitchen and Jack kissed her again on the cheek .
tr	I	I do , but you don 't have to go .
tr	I	The house gave off a warm homey vibe as I walked up the drive and the outside lights were on .
tr	I	I remember this well , but it may be something small .
tr	I	Kelly hadn 't heard from him and half the day had gone by .
tr	I	My breathing became short and my chest felt heavy .
tr	O	远处雷声隆隆，听起来像敲打的鼓声，并且闪电在天空中闪烁。
tr	O	佩顿的追踪器没有显示任何异常，并且我不知道接下来该做什么。
tr	I	It 's going to be safer in the long run , but we 're not going to stay there forever .
tr	I	This is my mission , and this is my group .
tr	I	I forcefully pushed them away and I noticed his hands on my arms .
tr	I	He would be able to move around freely in his gaseous state , or he must be nearly gone .
tr	I	I shook my head , and Jim looked at me .
tr	I	It was clear that Emily would stop at nothing to take Olivia 's place , and a by-line was a by-line .
tr	O	这个发现和工作室本身一样令人震惊，并且她发现自己对他越来越心软。
tr	I	I frowned , and the sound of breathing instantly met my ear .
tr	I	Most of the walls appeared to be made up of windows , and it was framed with dark wood .
tr	I	Matt looked bleakly up at her and Gwen looked anxiously down at Matt .
tr	O	他的嘴巴感觉黏黏的，并且他因疲惫而浑身酸痛。
tr	O	晋的脸因痛苦而皱起，但是他努力忍住眼泪。
tr	O	我曾是乐队的一员，并且没有我他们就无法很好地运作。
tr	I	The officer headed toward the open motel room , and the car pulled into the motel parking lot .
tr	I	There wasn 't much personal content , and the letter was addressed to Margot .
tr	I	She had her hands shoved in my letterman 's jacket pockets and her jet black hair was still in a sleek ponytail .
tr	I	Somehow I know whatever 's on the other side of that door is potent , and I 've seen this door before , in my head .
tr	I	She 's just a friend ... still Frank 's wife , but we had dinner tonight .
tr	I	She became more attentive reading the messages of Ganymede , and Anna finally managed to beat her sleepiness .
tr	O	她的眼中带着疑问，或许有疑虑，肯定有恐惧，但是她点了点头。
tr	I	Now Gretchen was gloating and Sara was forever doubtful .
tr	I	Petting was still out of the question , but she would take a bone from him .
tr	O	这并不尴尬，因为我们已经超越了那个阶段，但是这并不舒服。
tr	I	The table was beautiful and the food was excellent .
tr	I	How incredibly masculine he was and Elissa couldn 't look at the man without thinking about sex .
tr	I	It didn 't , but you 'd think that after getting Casey back , my annoyance level would have dropped .
tr	O	你忙于你的生活，并且我则忙于我的。
tr	O	我知道你只要愿意就能有多坚强，并且没错，他们毕竟只是凡人。
tr	I	He took a step toward me , and Heat infused his expression this time .
tr	I	It 's suddenly all right today , but it wouldn 't have felt all right yesterday .
tr	I	There were none present at the moment , but Guards worked here .
tr	O	戴维感觉一只冰冷的手搭在他的手臂上，并且他发现自己正凝视着琳达的眼睛。
tr	O	她的运动服看起来很脏，并且她的头发很蓬乱。
tr	O	他现在就是那种男人，并且他为此感到自豪。
tr	O	我递给她一个，但是她只是摇了摇头。
tr	O	门开完了，并且艾雯忍住了一声惊呼。
tr	I	I refused to give up , but I could tell that he was as livid as me .
tr	O	她可以假装给他打电话，并且她的老师也不会知道区别。
tr	I	This time there was more , but once again , the color black raced furiously around me like a hot ribbon .
tr	O	凯文立刻被派了出去，并且几分钟内，啤酒就在厨房的桌子上分享了。
tr	I	A speckle of mass hurtling through darkness but out in deep space he was no one , nothing .
tr	O	我的眼睛慢慢开始呆滞，并且我的头开始感到沉重。
tr	O	她知道奥斯汀指的是谁，但是她渴望避开这个话题。
tr	I	It weakened dramatically but Silver didn 't kill .
tr	O	我听到一声闷叫，并且尽管疼痛，我还是坐了起来。
tr	O	我希望她和亚历克斯在我们离开的时候不要吵架。
tr	I	He opened my door again and we got out to the truck in the dark parking lot .
tr	O	有那么一瞬间，她怀疑自己是否已经死了，但是她感觉自己活得太真切了，不像是死了。
tr	O	我本会坦白的，但是我太害怕会被赶出去，被遗弃在荒野里了。
tr	I	He gripped the back of his neck as he turned his attention to the sky , and Jared jerked his head away .
tr	I	Kiara knew the next few days held the key and the wheels had started to move .
tr	O	安息日被迫斜着跳跃，并且他们手忙脚乱地爬到草地上，身体严重失去平衡。
tr	I	It helped to gripe , but Jack knew there really wasn 't anything his friend could say for the moment .
tr	O	你知道，并且我也知道。
tr	I	You have not told me why you seem so heartsick I guess is the word , and it 's been seven , make that eight weeks .
tr	O	它不会持久的，因为它只是临时工作，但是这周有她在身边感觉好多了。
tr	O	她就在我身边的床上，并且我却没有保护她。
tr	I	She 'd do anything he asked , and all he had to do was touch Andrea .
tr	I	Then a half smile teased the corner of his mouth , and Jace looked at her for a moment .
tr	I	He didn 't turn to see us but our waiter was passing three tables away .
tr	I	For some strange reason , it felt like forever , but it only took him twenty minutes to get there .
tr	O	他有一双充满仇恨的黑眼睛，并且每个人都能看到。
tr	I	With every second that passed , she shook more , and her hand shook as she waited for him to reawaken .
tr	O	她开始消逝，直到只剩下她的眼睛可见，并且接着它们也消失了。
tr	O	迪翁为麦克斯锁好了诊所，并且我们前往他的房子。
tr	O	他用目光钉住了她，并且蕾娜发现自己点了点头。
tr	I	After several moments , her smile seemed to light up the room , but it was small at first .
tr	I	I don 't allow this kind of stuff in my house , but I don 't know what it was like , living with your mother .
tr	I	My hands are lingering on her waist , and her chest is pressed lightly against me .
tr	I	I 'll talk to him about doing us together , and I 've got one lined up .
tr	O	黑夜已牢牢占据，并且黑暗现在是他的盟友。
tr	O	我有时会难过，但是这不意味着我需要你为了我取消你的行程。
tr	I	The heel of his hand rested against the bulging fullness of her lush breast , but the tips of his fingers felt for her pulse .
tr	I	Things were progressing okay , and my first drink down , margarita , I think .
tr	I	It had sunk in deep enough he 'd had to give up , but Cullen had tried to pull the arrow from the tree .
tr	I	I couldn 't seem to voice the words in my head , but come to the party tomorrow was all I could think of .
tr	O	她已经一周没玩那款原版游戏了，并且这是最新版本。
tr	I	The groceries crunched under his tightening grip and his body shook .
tr	I	She didn 't want to be there , and nothing made sense in this world .
tr	O	也许有一天他会成为一名著名演员并能一直负担得起乘坐出租车出行。
tr	O	电力在凯尔的指间噼啪作响，并且埃里克看起来不再像他自己了。
tr	I	His voice seemed to echo off every point of the large room , but Mac spoke in whispers .
tr	O	塞尔吉奥也对我做了同样的事情，并且一旦他心里想通了一切，事情瞬间就改变了。
tr	I	I 'm not sure I can say anything to make you feel better , and I know you 're going to worry .
tr	O	达米安的眼睛危险地眯成一道缝，并且塞拉感到了一阵恐惧。
tr	I	Like Karla , he had no obvious disability , but more bone , than muscle , he must have looked just as grotesque in life .
tr	O	他开玩笑说，但是玩笑之下却带着一丝挫败感。
tr	I	The fire was out and it was still dark .
tr	I	She pushed down and her grip tightened .
tr	I	At the same time , I did , but I didn 't want to ask it .
tr	I	The woman is aiming the gun at me and I look back to the balcony .
tr	O	他越过座位，并且他的嘴唇擦过了我的脸颊。
tr	I	Even if it wasn 't perfect , the energy still felt amazing , and I didn 't know for sure .
tr	O	她不确定，但是她觉得当他意识到她要去哪里时，他的眼睛愣了一下。
tr	I	My mom wrapped her arm around my shoulders and I found it hard to breathe .
tr	O	他应该拒绝她，但是他知道她是在寻求为自己所流的血赎罪。
tr	I	She refuses to give up , but she 's at another school .
tr	O	她也从未见过我赤裸，但是撇开琐事不谈，我们仍然清晰地分享着一种幻想。
tr	O	我问，并且凯登的手指轻擦过我的手腕内侧。
tr	I	It softly vibrates in his hand and now he turns on the bullet .
tr	O	它们都没有撞到车，但是不知为何，这足以再次提醒我身在何处。
tr	I	Courtney even applauded , and the Evernight types started laughing .
tr	I	Then absolutely freaking nothing happened , but I went along with everything to just speed up the process .
tr	I	He 'll call again , and this is a nutcase , honey .
tr	I	He ran out the back door before I could , but I was about to ask him what he was doing there .
tr	O	我的背包已经很重了，但是那对我来说没问题。
tr	I	I tried to unwrap Bill a little bit so I could share the blanket , and the trunk was cold , too .
tr	O	这次检查让我不寒而栗，并且我几乎想离开了。
tr	O	崔克说苏蒂回来后骑过跑者，但是我没见过。
tr	I	I won 't be fooled again , but I may have been fooled when you pretended to by my twin .
tr	O	雷金纳德呻吟了一声，但是那呻吟声几乎是笑声。
tr	I	Rob heard every one , but her words drifted down to a whisper .
tr	I	I felt it in her expressions , in her touch , in the tender brush of her lips , but she loved me with a passion .
tr	O	有什么东西正在强行进入我的身体，并且它很痛，真的很痛。
tr	I	A sense of impending doom struck Emily hard and Rose 's face snapped into place .
tr	O	魔法被玷污了，并且一个新时代开始了。
tr	I	He felt relief , and her black eyes returned to his .
tr	I	I flushed , and he chuckled .
tr	I	Some of them were really not very civilized , and Oliver was capable of a lot of things .
tr	O	他的怒气增长了，并且这种冲动也随着怒气的滋养而增强。
tr	O	我穿着骑行装备，提着一小袋随身物品从窗户爬了出去，并且我们一起骑走了！
tr	O	他像个傻瓜一样咧着嘴，盯着她，并且随着又一次震颤撕裂地面，他们脚下的地面也晃动了。
tr	I	Despite the drugs slowing my movements , I jump out of the chair , and the floor seems to drop out from under me .
tr	I	The sudden awareness gripping him tensed his frame , but Alistair kept his face impassive thanks to considerable practice .
tr	O	我在这里不是想自吹自擂，但是事实依然是，艺术是构成人性的根本要素。
tr	I	Devon draws her closer and Tammie begins to whimper .
tr	O	女孩跪倒在地，并且在我还没来得及喘口气的时候，一个男人从帐篷里跑了出来。
tr	I	The volume had been muted , but the incredible onslaught overhead continued .
tr	O	灯光闪烁着，并且阴影晃动着。
tr	O	他是纯粹的诱惑，并且他让我疯狂。
tr	O	Ink也在喘息，但是这似乎安抚了他。
tr	I	The attainment of a goal doth always take precedence , but it is regrettable .
tr	O	她正要把它扔掉，但是上面的广告吸引了她的注意。
tr	I	His jackass apostles as they left the arena and Will asked when I turned to him , after waving both of my middle fingers at Jason .
tr	O	我试图把它看作一个机会，但是这很难。
tr	I	I was all about matchy-matchy and they coordinated well with my mood .
tr	I	There was no escaping it , but he ran all over the top of the mountain .
tr	O	字迹很模糊，并且贝茨不知道说了什么。
tr	I	Mia wasn 't much better , and Zach was hammered .
tr	I	While they are fighting for the weapon , two shots go off , and Layla wrestles to get it back .
tr	I	Then , neither could he , but there was no way she could have gotten any wetter .
tr	O	这对他来说很重要，并且他做这种事也不是第一次了。
tr	I	He looked forward to dinner and he 'd called to say hi .
tr	O	我不想讲述我的故事，并且我不想被公之于众。
tr	O	情感在累积，并且她当时太害怕去探索它们了。
tr	I	She bristled at the implication and he was reprimanding her .
tr	I	Her resolve frayed even more , and Sarah felt her bracelet caress the sensitive skin of her wrist .
tr	I	He clutches onto the edge of the plastic section and his hand shoots out .
tr	O	她模糊地在她身后挥了挥手，并且另一块丝绸落了下来。
tr	O	最终，事情一件接着一件发生，并且现在她正在计划她的婚礼。
tr	I	He would have thrown something across the room or Damon had had centuries of training in discipline .
tr	I	Dreamer the results would take five to seven working days to be received and the hospital had told him .
tr	I	I whispered Adam 's vows back to her , and nobody noticed .
tr	I	I liked it , but I wasn 't sure what game we were playing now .
tr	I	Kissing her may not have been the best plan , but it kills me to admit it .
tr	I	Nonetheless it was a brilliant thought , but it was a long shot .
tr	O	麦田似乎没有边界，并且那又是另一件看起来最不寻常的事情。
tr	O	妈妈的手指飞快地捂住嘴唇，并且她偷偷地擦了擦。
tr	O	也许他的兴趣最初只是对塔姆辛·林德跟踪剧的旁观，但是那个兴趣已经演变了。
tr	I	He shrank from her , but she reached for his arm again .
tr	I	I crossed my arms self-consciously and Kiran looked me over once again .
tr	O	他不应该今天早上把她独自留下，但是他有重要的狼群事务要处理。
tr	I	Now I was locked in my room with an armed guard outside , and Blake had made it clear that I wasn 't leaving the castle .
tr	O	利奥有了一个新宝宝，而且他的妻子对任何吵醒宝宝的人都非常敏感。
tr	O	门关着，并且毛巾塞在门缝下面。
tr	I	Dad looked pleased and Mum was smiling .
tr	O	牧师举起一只手，并且汽车启动了。
tr	O	月亮倒映在水面上，并且它在容器在水流中造成的涟漪上跳跃。
tr	I	Then she looked up , and she looked straight ahead , dully , with no thought of him standing there , apparently .
tr	I	Anyone 's Warder save Egwene 's , or he knew that he would not be happy as her Warder .
tr	O	他可能一直在和杰夫说话，但是他的目光却锁定在罗宾身上。
tr	I	I can only smile in response , and the cancer has affected my ability to speak .
tr	I	Her eyes burned with it and Della felt her chest burn .
tr	O	它目前多达65,000字，而且我预计完成后会达到90K。
tr	O	瑞秋想哭泣，但是她没有。
tr	I	The restless feeling became overpowering , and the earrings stayed uncomfortably warm .
tr	O	当他们渐渐驶出城镇时，柏油路变成了积雪的碎石路，并且完全没有其他车辙了。
tr	I	I know from memory how soft she is , and the skin of her stomach looks silky smooth .
tr	O	我的支持者让我掌控了政变，但是他们不让我杀了他。
tr	I	Darkness gathered around me when I heard it the second time and that word sent me into a tailspin .
tr	I	She slurred her protest , eliciting a chuckle from him and her eyes flew open .
tr	O	门开了，而且我们穿过它进入了一间洗衣房。
tr	O	头顶上的吱嘎声停了，并且她听见它们退去了。
tr	O	我的神经紧张起来，并且我吞咽着恐惧。
tr	O	我知道约翰没有利用我来掩盖他的逃跑，并且我知道我并非一无是处。
tr	I	Then she wouldn 't have had to leave , and maybe a conversation could have changed it all .
tr	O	她依然固执，并且我准备更进一步地强迫她。
tr	O	这已经酝酿了很长时间，但是我们姑且谈谈别的事情吧。
tr	O	有些时候她显得非常疏远，并且作为一个孩子，这吓坏了我。
tr	I	He would keep her in his arms but she would keep him on his toes .
tr	I	I remember we have guys up from California , and two of our small cabins have lights on .
tr	O	照塞拉所知，他已经死了，并且她并不在乎。
tr	O	她会讨厌他为她做出这样的决定，并且她永远不会选择无知。
tr	I	She spun around and fight mode kicked in immediately .
tr	I	Without the effects of alcohol dulling the experience , the second was even better , but I thought the first night was good .
tr	I	She spoke gently all the same , but she knew the book did not hear .
tr	I	Her heart seemed to overflow with love , just as her eyes overflowed with tears , and he kissed her then .
tr	O	我们也会有一个，并且这将是我们是姐妹的信号，因为没有其他人会有这样的项链。
tr	I	I turned and Thornton shot one over my shoulder .
tr	O	他在骗我，但是我想要那些水晶。
tr	O	我们唯一能在一起的时间就是卡利奥佩杀死他父亲之前的那几秒钟，而且他永远都不会记得那些了。
tr	I	I wanted to kiss Jessie And I wanted to tell Bear everything I had learned in D.C. .
tr	O	我原计划在那年秋天见到他们时告诉他们，但是九月你母亲就分手了。
tr	O	妈妈倒吸一口气，并且那时就一片混乱，因为大家开始一起说话了。
tr	O	听取建议并非他所擅长，并且他对此不屑一顾。
tr	O	这很恶心，但是我能让一些水分回到我嘴里。
tr	I	She genuinely tried to make the best of any situation and she was willing to accept whatever happened without any complaint .
tr	I	He went on , and Frances smiled reassuringly .
tr	O	她的阿姨们会知道麦丽在哪里，并且她的朋友会没事的。
tr	I	There was nothing , but after so much time , this close -- touching -- breathing for him , my throat should be on fire .
tr	I	You 've definitely something there but I 've heard better .
tr	I	My body went stiff as I gasped , and an unexpected jolt of pain rocked me .
tr	O	我盯着他看，并且好奇心，就像它惯常做的那样，战胜了我。
tr	I	Kim gave a little jump , and someone leaned against the wall .
tr	O	海登摇了摇头，但是他仍然在微笑。
tr	I	He shook his head , but I touched Tolliver 's mug to ask if he was ready for more .
tr	O	她的手紧紧抓住秋千，并且随即他抽身离开了，她正处于即将沉浸在幸福中的边缘。
tr	O	她不想进行这场对话，但是显然，给他一个明信片式的版本是摆脱他的唯一方法。
tr	I	I realized he was smiling , and the corner of his mouth flicked up the tiniest amount at the edge .
tr	I	It made me wonder whether you would ever be yourself again , and I thought you would blow away as you crossed the street .
tr	I	I was gagged by this defective hunk of flesh , but I had so many questions I wanted to ask .
tr	O	我的丈夫被谋杀了，而且你竟然让我冷静下来。
tr	I	Dan turned his head to look at her and Alexandra came into the bedroom now .
tr	I	I 'd created one , but there had been no problem .
tr	O	麦克斯把手臂搭在她肩上，并且她依偎得更近了，甚至一眼也没有把目光从舞台上移开。
tr	O	他也许不算什么，但是他就是我所拥有的。
tr	I	His other hand was free to roam over my body , but one of his arms was used to prop him up .
tr	I	Anna slipped in , closing the door behind her as soft as possible , and the supply room door was never locked .
tr	O	她知道是什么导致了这种体验，并且她非常乐意顺其自然。
tr	O	他的目光转向窗外，并且他什么也没说。
tr	I	I felt ashamed I hadn 't let him use the bathroom properly since Vermont , and his robe was soiled .
tr	O	前一晚的记忆突然涌上心头，并且他的嘴巴合拢，嘴角勾勒出一个满足的微笑。
tr	O	塞尔吉奥不需要更大的提示，并且他将曼迪抱起来，带她到床上。
tr	I	The road was straight and suddenly the van was accelerating .
tr	O	她歇斯底里到了极点，并且贾维斯费了好大力气才让她平静下来。
tr	I	I was seventeen and she was sixteen .
tr	O	当然，每个成员都有自己的糟糕经历，但是这些都被禁止进入家庭。
tr	I	She really got him and he usually was quick enough !
tr	O	教室只在几英尺之外，但是感觉却像数英里。
tr	I	We must remember that , and we are not better than them .
tr	O	检查员看到了她的表情，并且他低下了头。
tr	O	我感到睡意沉沉，但是我的眼睛却无法闭上。
tr	O	他知道离他的马车那么远很危险，但是他想不被人看见。
tr	I	The room applauded and the waltz ended .
tr	O	服务员出现了，并且我点了虾。
tr	O	我们努力工作，让这次绑架看起来真实，并且我现在不会在这项努力中失败。
tr	I	I turn to stare at Riley , bewildered , and he walks away toward the student parking lot .
tr	O	爱德华向科琳伸出手，并且她把手放了进去。
tr	I	Justin hadn 't gotten any hooks into my head , and it had been a terrible loss to me .
tr	O	我希望今天六点能直接回家，但是我答应艾莉森和她一起去购物了。
tr	I	The memories just started coming and when I woke up , I wanted to see the doll to feel close to her .
tr	O	我现在能看出光线是从上方来的，并且它似乎是弥漫的。
tr	O	我说完最后一句话时，脸上挂着最友好的笑容，而且他信了。
tr	I	We had pleasant little chats , avoiding discussing what we really wanted to talk about , and the four of us shared occasional meals .
tr	I	We have not , and Times have changed .
tr	I	He sure as hell knew how to pander , but this man may not know how to govern .
tr	I	Maddie kept her impatience in check , but his channel surfing made her nervous .
tr	I	Maddy was nowhere to be seen , but Edwin peered down the gloomy corridor .
tr	I	Everything goes black and I am halfway up the stairs before there is a sharp pain in the back of my head .
tr	I	I suspect that my task is nowhere near complete but I see the hint of recollection in your eyes .
tr	I	That 's how it had always been so easy for people to walk over her and she 'd always been the first to back down .
tr	I	They believed it was our daughter and he said something to the effect that a girl had been found viciously killed .
tr	I	He insisted he come with me , but he made it happen .
tr	O	我的手摸索着他的头，并且我的手指玩弄着他的头发，当他的舌头进入我口中时。
tr	I	The ground became visible once more , and the cab began to descend again .
tr	I	I sit in the room all day searching for something that will lead us to the angel 's identity and * * * Gabe .
tr	O	门隐藏在阴影中，但是光线从门下渗出。
tr	O	这里没有人，但是她能听到声音。
tr	I	Another tug had her growling instead , but she opened her mouth to say something .
tr	I	The man was gone , but I started to protest .
tr	I	He was not fast enough to hit him , but his reach was too long for John to close the gap .
tr	I	Then he didn 't , but Adam 's knees bent as if he were going to scoot himself out from under the car .
tr	I	I buckled , and Will yanked on the chains .
tr	I	The anxiety starts to grow , and I can feel the walls that I 've built around those memories begin to close in on me .
tr	I	I needed to keep my head right where it belonged and Gabriel didn 't need the ego stroke .
tr	O	艾德娜的头猛地竖了起来，并且她跳了起来。
tr	O	听到这个请求的酒店老板们笑了起来，但是他们很快意识到瑞克是极其认真的。
tr	O	她家里的一盏灯亮了，并且她放下了肩膀，半是期待着她妈妈随时会出现在后廊上。
tr	O	我们到达了城市的尽头，出口附近，但是最大的巨人挡住了我们的去路。
tr	I	For a moment I thought he would pass out , and he stopped breathing .
tr	I	Refusing them would have invited punishment , but she had not agreed .
tr	O	我看不到他们，但是我确实能听到他们。
tr	I	He wasn 't moving too fast , but when she glanced over her shoulder , she could see Butch coming after her .
tr	O	她笑了，并且她眼中的光芒与那件严肃的高领黑色连衣裙格格不入。
tr	O	谢谢你试图保持安静，但是我已经醒了一段时间了。
tr	O	我亲吻了他的拇指，但是他迅速地放下了手。
tr	I	He started running , and this time she didn 't object .
tr	I	His timing was pretty damn perfect , and the sniper had just come back through the station 's front door , rushing toward the flames .
tr	I	His pale skin seemed to glow with an almost luminous light against the shadows , and he was built big .
tr	O	她差点就要崩溃了，但是她知道她还想要他。
tr	I	As time passed , the emotions became clearer and she could sense the minds of the participants around her .
tr	I	The tires were obviously new and the wheels shone with chrome .
tr	I	A set of large double doors appeared at the end , and the tunnel curved .
tr	O	我的未来有更重要的事情，但是我对此还一无所知。
tr	O	我们听到他的车发动了，并且随着他开车离开，引擎的声音逐渐减弱。
tr	I	She likes how delicate the mechanism is , and she has never seen a record player before , except in movies .
tr	I	I found myself nodding , but something in her gaze warned me that I should decline .
tr	I	I stayed here at Avery Hall with Mother , and he spent all of his time in London .
tr	O	这并非世界末日，但是凯西容易自责。
tr	O	还没到她上台的时候，而且她已经看过尼克的表演很多次了。
tr	O	我是你，并且你是我。
tr	O	她不是我见过最漂亮的女孩，但是她比我见过的任何人都有个性得多。
tr	I	We slowly drove through , and he raised the metal gate .
tr	I	I am a black woman and you are a white man .
tr	O	她不知道乔恩的名字，或者她以为是别的什么。
tr	I	He picked up on the second ring and Caller ID displayed a Virginia area code .
tr	O	我原以为和蔡斯约会会帮我走出来，但是我开始怀疑了。
tr	O	他们说会等我们，但是他们却把我们丢下了。
tr	O	我一看就知道那是一个蒂芙尼的盒子，但是我却不认识那个送给我盒子的男孩。
tr	O	她的肩膀耷拉着，并且她拖着脚步，不情愿地走向学校。
tr	I	It wasn 't her , but she remembered those eyes .
tr	O	尼尔没有看见亚伦起身，但是当安德鲁松手时，他已经等在尼尔身后了。
tr	O	丽莎摇了摇头，觉得自己很蠢，但是如果她不把恐惧说出来，她肯定会把事情搞得更糟。
tr	O	他漫不经心地说出那些话，并且我没有察觉到任何欺骗我的企图。
tr	I	My third go around in a facility proved that old saying to be true and they say that the third time 's a charm .
tr	I	It could not be so bad , and that could not be the same .
tr	I	I hate theirs , but I love mine .
tr	I	There it is , right before her eye , but she knows it is impossible to magnify nothing , especially the colourless sort .
tr	O	我的尖叫卡在喉咙里，并且药瓶掉落在碎石上。
tr	I	I laugh outright and Rusty 's breath hisses through his gritted teeth .
tr	O	她抬眼看他，并且他看到了她的眼泪。
tr	O	她已经给了他足够的建议来赢得他的信任，并且希望他会立刻采纳她在这封信中提供的信息。
tr	I	Seeing that she was crying asked her what was wrong , and it was ironic that Veronica passed her in the hallway .
tr	I	It was just an infatuation , but I thought I did before .
tr	O	他离实施报复如此之近，并且他不能开始为塞拉感到抱歉。
tr	I	Drake was fully absorbed , but it wasn 't much of a cover .
tr	O	他又瘦又高，五英尺十英寸，但是至少他们有保安。
tr	I	Her hair tumbled around her shoulders and he pulled them out .
tr	O	我身体前倾，并且海莉用大腿内侧夹紧我的臀部。
tr	O	他把油腻的指纹弄到我漂亮的红色袖子上，并且我试图从他身边挣脱。
tr	I	I wanted to be right there with him and Peter was going places .
tr	O	她抓住了它，并且那条龙把她抓了起来。
tr	O	艾登翻了个白眼，并且我忍住了笑容。
tr	O	现在她回到了她自己的地方，并且至少可以说，这令人震惊。
tr	I	It 's easy to fall for someone who can find humor in any situation , and she laughed a lot .
tr	I	At the top , I pause to look around , and I follow him up the stairs .
tr	I	She continued , but doing so hurt her fingers .
tr	O	我看到他们一起走到教室，并且有传闻称他们正在约会。
tr	O	它不疼，但是灯光亮得足以让我失明。
tr	I	I could only watch with sick fascination , hardly knowing what to expect and my mother seemed to shrink under the force of his intensity .
tr	O	加勒特站在他哥哥旁边，并且斯蒂尔在萨姆的另一边。
tr	I	Their fangs are venomous , and the creatures of the Wasteland are part snake .
tr	I	Logan would rather not being spending a night with his longtime friend and something told me their relationship was strained .
tr	O	杰夫点了点头，但是他的眉头因担忧而紧锁。
tr	I	The first time our orgasms had come in unison and it was amazing .
tr	I	He 's twenty-three years old , but I 'm doing my best .
tr	I	They mean it and these people smile .
tr	O	马特·迈克尔斯正在路上，并且他一到这里就会关闭保护区。
tr	I	I couldn 't tell if his eyes were really focused , but he looked up at me .
tr	O	他的妈妈轻笑了一声，并且，天哪，我想，嗯，那个大坏蛋瑞斯竟然脸红了！
tr	O	我为他感到难过，但是即使我愿意，我也对此无能为力。
tr	O	她看到了一个相信自己赢了的人的明确迹象，并且她完成了她的提案。
tr	I	The young girl shook it , and I held out my hand .
tr	O	我们这一类人从珠穆朗玛峰和加利福尼亚州的惠特尼山旅行而来，但是这毫无用处。
tr	I	She ran out of the room , and she banged her fists on the table , her hair flung over her eyes .
tr	I	When the drunk driver killed my mom , I wanted more than to stop feeling sad , but maybe most teenagers wouldn 't think like that .
tr	I	Not the self contained village that thrived before him , but he had thought to find a few hovels .
tr	O	马修脱口而出，并且马科斯只是点点头，得意地笑着。
tr	I	Tuck stilled , and half a dozen guards drew their swords .
tr	I	I am your mistress , but you are my creator .
tr	I	He missed not being able to talk to Jen daily but George put it down to some sort of electrical interference .
tr	O	我来见你，并且玛吉说你打过电话来。
tr	I	They began to creep forward again and Hunger slammed the tank into gear .
tr	O	他们制造恐惧，并且他们喜欢将其施加在受害者身上。
tr	I	There didn 't seem to be any infection , but it looked horrible .
tr	O	她以为自己做得很好，但是显然科妮莉亚小姐有所保留。
tr	I	The women glanced up , and Ethan cleared his throat .
tr	I	She wondered if it was from the alcohol he had consumed , and he winced at Evangeline 's voice as though he was in pain .
tr	I	While it wasn 't the answer I 'd hoped for , it would have to do , but my heart sank .
tr	O	我们曾是一个小家庭，并且现在我就是剩下的一切了。
tr	I	Donn extended an arm in and the door to the cage opened .
tr	O	我没有真正享受它，因为我总是很冷，并且我不是很擅长。
tr	I	My belly was doing flip flops and I realized that I was shaking .
tr	I	He needed her to be right there with him and his whole body was primed to delve into hers .
tr	I	They were picking on another girl but they weren 't really being mean to me .
tr	O	我摇晃了木头，但是什么也没出来。
tr	O	淋浴器在几秒钟内就热了，并且我走进了热水冲击中，我肩膀上的结也随之融化了。
tr	O	她父亲因心脏病去世时她才十四岁，并且她对母亲能够释怀感到愤怒。
tr	I	Scampered out of the blustery compound to join Vivienne in the bar and * Martin Parrish had parked the Mercedes on the ferry .
tr	I	It wasn 't a dump , but it wasn 't her cabin .
tr	I	He was sure she was able to feel what she did to him and she snuggled her h * ps against his .
tr	I	I had no doubt she 'd be up now , but it was six a.m. Kat had probably been asleep when I 'd called before .
tr	I	A shadow as Mohammed entered , and immediately they could see the stall door open .
tr	O	它躺在那里，高挂在她的臀部，但是他没有试图再往前移动。
tr	I	The light shining down through the paper made it transparent , and she lifted the sketches from the desk to help her focus .
tr	I	They exchanged a glance that she was certain meant that he wanted to be picked and she approached her friend .
tr	O	压力需要缓解，并且脓液需要引流以防止压力再次积聚。
tr	O	我等了太久才开始，并且我不能为此责怪他。
tr	O	这很奇怪，并且这让他感到恐惧。
tr	O	班宁以为他此前都做得很好，但是现在他迷失了。
tr	I	He decided to surprise his Vivian with flowers , and Pirro , on the other hand , valued what was important .
tr	I	The voices below are angry , and my bedroom door is ajar .
tr	O	我可以让她赢，同意她的条件，并且奖赏将是在她那双甜美的双腿间度过一夜。
tr	I	She realized someone had cleaned her up , and no soot coated her skin .
tr	I	Her eyes widened behind her glasses , and I spun around to face her .
tr	I	Her gray eyes suddenly looked very sorry that she couldn 't contain her questions and she looked over at me .
tr	I	Rain poured down , and the sky opened .
tr	I	I happily tossed my stuff down , and she 'd left the bed by the window open .
tr	O	瑞德跳到她面前，并且老人的火焰停了下来。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁着，并且丽贝卡抓住了这个机会。
tr	I	I made up camp after feeding my horse on some grasses and that food sizzled .
tr	I	They still get confused more often than you would expect , but you might think the two creatures would be easy to keep separate .
tr	O	柜台后面一个干瘪的小个子男人抬头看了一眼，眨了眨眼，并且竟然接着试图逃跑。
tr	O	这不是我所预料的，然而我决定不再深究。
tr	I	You do what you have to do , and I 'll go back to the Hall .
tr	I	Rebecca could see him wavering , but he didn 't look completely convinced .
tr	O	这并没有真正让人激动不已，但是那正是关键所在。
tr	O	她等了一会儿，看他是否会继续说下去，并且当他没有继续时，她环顾四周。
tr	I	I don 't know how to react , and my throat is shrinking , reducing airflow .
tr	I	I stopped struggling , but fear clenched my stomach into a tight fist of tension .
tr	I	She 's a little overprotective and I 'm an only child .
tr	I	She leaned into him , crying and Pierce wrapped her in his arms .
tr	O	他完全是另一回事，但是我不能确定是什么。
tr	O	事情在他们之间已经够糟糕了，并且他只会让事情变得更糟。
tr	O	五个月已经太长了，而且我仍然没有计划。
tr	O	它不是一个理想的地方，考虑到体育场内如此嘈杂，但是他们将就了。
tr	O	她转身面对他，并且他们的目光相遇了。
tr	I	He was brought up to date by Prentice , and Olivia broke down in tears when he entered .
tr	I	I notice that I 've stopped breathing for a moment and he looks away .
tr	O	我敢让她喝杰登做的这种烈性饮料，并且她就消失了。
tr	O	很少有人质疑，更少人关心，并且到了这个时候，她叔叔也不会想到要去找她。
tr	I	He searched the web for some homes and Trinity went in to take a nap .
tr	I	There was no response , but he yelled again .
tr	I	The absence of one will go unnoticed and there are many more just like him .
tr	O	三个听起来很公平，但是我总是会多争取一点。
tr	I	It wasn 't very appealing , but I guessed it was human .
tr	O	我很害怕，并且我很生气。
tr	O	这里有一些我被绑架前狮身人面像的照片，并且我属于那个酋长的后宫。
tr	O	我摇了摇头，并且他靠近我。
tr	I	John concentrated his gaze on the Book , and the glowing green light was still in place .
tr	I	The heat pounded him , making him catch his breath , and the ground leveled off .
tr	I	Somehow I did , but I don 't know how I did it , I don 't know how I won .
tr	I	He 'd give none in return and they 'd given no mercy to his clan .
tr	O	她最初计划将孩子送人收养，但是扎克提出抚养他们的女儿，这让她感到惊讶。
tr	O	她这个夏天没有在泳池边待够时间，并且她今晚不打算变成一只龙虾。
tr	O	我身后有人喊叫，并且我听到那些人咒骂。
tr	O	没有他的身体，诱惑的触角就没有那么强大，但是当它们触及她时，他看到了她眼中发生的变化。
tr	I	She knew it now , and she 'd known it from the moment she saw him on the docks .
tr	O	他无法改变过去，但是他不希望他的女儿拥有同样的未来。
tr	O	我考虑过告诉她他是一个恐怖分子，但是我没有那么残忍。
tr	O	她轻声问我，并且我僵住了。
tr	O	炎热的夏日午后已降至宜人的温度，并且树木投下的阴影也起了作用。
tr	O	窗帘拉上了，并且灯光很暗。
tr	I	Dragging him in such situation made her guilty but Thayer 's blood surely was the reason she 's still alive .
tr	I	The footsteps started to fade , and she heard the door opening .
tr	O	无尽的英勇事迹涌入她的脑海，而且更重要的是，完全的无惧。
tr	I	My heart stuttered , and Kenzie looked up at me , brown eyes widening .
tr	I	He had been spotted , but he was gaining ground on the gunman , no doubt about it .
tr	O	赛巴知道自己语气生硬，但是她无法控制。
tr	O	第四十八章 我再次置身于沙漠之中，并且我立刻就知道我身在埃及了。
tr	I	No visible door handle and there were two keyholes .
tr	I	How much longer his were than hers and she remembered their footprints in the sand .
tr	I	He kisses me but I start to protest .
tr	O	他是鼓，并且它们是他的画布。
tr	I	I listen as feet begin pacing the room and a chair scrapes against the floor .
tr	O	他肯定会找到她，但是可能要花点时间。
tr	O	我的眼睛睁大了，并且呼吸逸散了。
tr	I	Her fur was reddish instead of gold , and the werewolf was bigger than Justin had been .
tr	O	我把手握成了拳头，并且指甲刺痛手掌把我拉了回来。
tr	I	There was Kimberly again and I quickly opened up the texts .
tr	I	Tears had not flowed , but her eyes were red .
tr	I	I know she 's not happy about it but she nods her agreement .
tr	I	He cleared his throat gruffly and his eyes were like liquid fire .
tr	I	I am proud of you , and you 've changed .
tr	I	She realized he was watching her very closely , a slight smile on his lips and her eyes moved to Chase .
tr	I	He pushed the man right back down and Dylan 's hands came down on his shoulders .
tr	I	The moonlight would not conceal him , and the soldiers ' patrol was thorough .
tr	I	I notice one of them has wings and a pale like sheath moves behind them .
tr	I	He wondered if he should put the moves on her , and images of Adela in her little purple silk number danced through his head .
tr	O	她想问，但是她反正都知道了。
tr	I	Olivia 's voice pulls me back to reality , but I think I might have spent the rest of the night entertaining such thoughts .
tr	O	他们把它们作为赠品送给了贵族妇女，并且他从一个正在传递的篮子里抢了一个。
tr	I	It was pulled back in a ponytail , and the brown was darker almost a black .
tr	I	My voice sounded thick and my eyes stung .
tr	O	他仰面睡着了，并且他再也感觉不到他的手臂了。
tr	O	他是不朽的，并且没有什么能伤害他。
tr	O	从拥挤的座位上传来一声大声的呻吟，并且几个人走出座位抱怨这个事件。
tr	O	辛普森夫人现在应该已经走了，并且凯莉应该已经上床睡觉了。
tr	O	我打开了它，并且一张劳伦斯的嫌犯照片在首页上，之后还有另一个文件。
tr	I	He took her down with him , and his body slammed onto the floor .
tr	O	随着她的激情转变为恐慌，她尖叫起来，但是他继续将身体推入她的体内，直到他最终获得释放。
tr	O	泪水不期而至，并且我眨眼将它们拭去。
tr	O	你值得一个比我更好的人，但是我无法停止对你的渴望。
tr	O	我们坐了下来，并且那个女人仍然盯着我们。
tr	O	这房子有一股奇怪的气味，但是我不能确定那到底是什么。
tr	I	I start expecting more from guys and a few times spent with Jason .
tr	I	Harold can then drop you back home and I have to catch a flight tonight .
tr	O	这个想法也存在于她的脑海中，并且这让她感到不忠。
tr	O	在那种情况下我无能为力，并且我吓得魂不附体。
tr	O	他的眼睛颤动着睁开了，并且她叹了口气。
tr	O	卡尔的肚子咕噜咕噜地叫着，并且他看着他的母亲。
tr	O	美联储印钞了，并且政府借款了。
tr	I	She 'd maintained a death grip on him that might leave a mark , and he 'd promised Luna he 'd keep his connection with her .
tr	I	Conscious that I could not avoid it , and knowing my future , understanding my fate .
tr	I	I could see that he was disturbed and when I didn 't continue he held me away from him .
tr	I	Rand must take responsibility , but perhaps his men acted without his direct orders .
tr	O	不再有坏日子了，但是也没有好日子。
tr	O	这对他来说实在是太多了，但是他也不会接受“施舍”。
tr	O	他本来不配得到那个，但是我还是说了出来。
tr	I	They shared a moment of pure delight and the two women 's eyes met .
tr	I	It was better to be safe than sorry , but I didn 't know what they were planning .
tr	O	那 G是我们都想要的，但是我怀疑那是不可能的。
tr	O	我以为我是在解释清楚，但是我似乎只是更混乱了。
tr	I	The water was pink around him and there were scratches across his face .
tr	O	我从桌前抬起头，并且它们就在那里，五颜六色地排成一排，等着我挑选一个。
tr	O	她转身离开，泪流满面，但是龙却逼迫她靠近那条鱼。
tr	I	Her green eyes glistened with a spark of mischief and the smile on her face didn 't look forced .
tr	I	They all looked at me expectantly and I shot looks at the other therapists .
tr	I	A red haze of violence , a killing fury she couldn 't get through to reach him but there was nothing there .
tr	O	他对我眨了眨眼，并且我们检查了我们的枪。
tr	O	她想要那些钻石，并且她已经走得太远，无法现在放弃。
tr	O	合金被证明要棘手得多，但是它们仍然可以归零。
tr	O	我还没有一个确定的买家，并且在我找到买家之前，我必须保持生产继续。
tr	O	他爬上去，又扫描了一下人群，但是没有人急着离开。
tr	O	克拉丽蒂试图退还衣服，但是她脚下的地板，由导电瓷砖制成，给了她一股她立即感觉到的微弱电流。
tr	O	舱门开着，但是有大气层。
tr	I	The end of it connected to a phone , and its wire was dangling .
tr	I	Nicole was learning that it also involved forgiving yourself , but loving someone involved forgiving them for not being perfect .
tr	I	The sound alone made me smile even as I squinted to save my eyes , and the joyous voice asked .
tr	O	他伸出手，并且她困惑地看着他。
tr	O	我不再害怕了，并且我不会让他恐吓我。
tr	I	Her deathly cold still chilled the room , but she hadn 't manifested .
tr	I	The first cards were now almost hidden and the Robert Frost poem in the centre was yellowing with age .
tr	I	Her fingers dug into his shoulders and the pitch of her voice rose .
tr	O	她的视线被泪水模糊了，而且她根本没想到他会在这里。
tr	O	哈里是八个人之一，并且维杰是他在这个团队中结识的第一批朋友之一。
tr	O	来得有点慢，但是她还是说出来了。
tr	I	Flashes of lighting lit up the sky illuminating the gloom around them and the thunder boomed above .
tr	O	我感到阳光的温暖渗入房间，并且我深吸了一口气。
tr	O	我感觉到她也没看我，并且我现在可不想看到她脸上带笑。
tr	O	我打开了冰箱门，并且里面甚至没有一瓶啤酒。
tr	I	His boy would be just like Joshua , and Joshua Kumar was just like his Pa .
tr	I	I couldn 't raise my hands to wipe them away and tears fell .
tr	O	我不确定爸爸想把我们送到哪里，但是我们出现在离山姆的小公寓几个街区的地方。
tr	O	埃尔维拉的声音像岩石一样毫无感情，但是里科在她手指飞快地操作指挥台时，察觉到一丝微弱的担忧。
tr	I	I looked and he asked .
tr	O	他的眼睛因极度的愉悦而闭上，并且他的呼吸从唇间轻轻逸出。
tr	O	他的笑容让我忘记了没有手机这件事，并且我也回以微笑，很高兴他的注意力完全集中在我身上。
tr	O	这对他来说绝非没有意义，并且对她来说也绝非没有意义。
tr	O	我以为我可以为你而战，并且我错了。
tr	O	渴望在我体内膨胀，如同上方云层中的雨水，并且我几乎无法再多忍受一秒。
tr	O	我知道我父母因为圣诞节我不在身边而感到难过，但是他们已经尽力隐藏了。
tr	I	We 're supposed to be on our honeymoon , but it 's not as if I blame him for working .
tr	O	砰的一声，一秒前他还在那里，并且下一秒他已经成为他们的一部分，强迫他们做任何他想做的事。
tr	O	天色尚早，阳光把金色的光芒洒满了每个地方，然而我却在这里因渴望而颤抖。
tr	O	阿德莱德仅一分钟后就抵达了小镇，但是大火已经开始蔓延。
tr	I	Laughter still danced on my tongue when I snuck into the darkened house , and Maggie ~ Six Years Earlier My heart was still thundering .
tr	I	She 'd fallen in love with him , and he 'd been playing her this whole time .
tr	O	有一扇巨大的钢门，但是它被锁住了。
tr	O	场景再次消失了，并且杰里米的头骨疼痛起来。
tr	I	The Fuhrer himself and a retinue of soldiers from the trucks outside were already stationed around the restaurant .
tr	I	Her thighs parted , and her lips opened .
tr	I	Nobody knew when she 'd be back and Sarah had been away for six weeks .
tr	I	Her pleas were ignored , but she cried out to her Auntie .
tr	O	麦迪继续笑着，但是那已经不是令人愉快的咯咯声了。
tr	O	我身体的每个部分都渴望被完全填满，随着他的臀部研磨着我的，并且我的背撞击着钢琴。
tr	I	I was always so inspired by water , but I don 't know if you remember .
tr	I	The canyon began to shake and Anakin held out his hands .
tr	I	It was where Tasha lived , and the second floor was also of the same size .
tr	I	He was desperate but he did not think it would slow them down for long .
tr	O	我对她所说的话笑了，但是这确实和新衣服很搭。
tr	I	When I see it , I see you , and I 've looked at it so many times .
tr	I	I have to laugh and Brand is dumbfounded now .
tr	I	He excelled in the kitchen but Maverick possessed many talents .
tr	I	The songs were everywhere and all I had to do was recognize the possible music .
tr	O	据说约翰·F·肯尼迪曾说过，我们可以原谅我们的敌人，但是我们不应该忘记他们的名字。
tr	I	He knew it was beyond his ability to care for , and the chest wound was serious .
tr	I	The brisk air in my lungs felt like the first time I 'd breathed in over an hour , and the doors pushed open .
tr	O	他哼唱了科林挽歌，但是即使他那样做，这也感觉像一个可怜的姿态。
tr	I	I didn 't want to do that and I was scared that I was going to bring up bad memories for her .
tr	O	那个女孩对她想要他的事实毫不含蓄，并且我不会怀疑她会做出这种事。
tr	O	她设法说出话来，声音低得她不确定他是否能听到，但是他听到了。
tr	I	He stepped away , dragging a hand through his short brown hair and his face suddenly matched hers .
tr	O	奥利按时进来了，并且我们三个人相处得很好。
tr	I	He didn 't know now , and he hadn 't known then .
tr	I	It felt like home but it 's kinda old .
tr	I	Not much of his public persona is true to reality but Ludwig is much .
tr	O	我听到父母的声音后转向门，并且当我转身回到阳台时，吉迪恩不见了。
tr	O	帕奇伸手来抓我的手，但是我挣脱了。
tr	I	I don 't want to tell him what I was thinking about and I frown at the fact that he can read me that well .
tr	I	That 's why we were in this predicament , and she knew me better than I knew myself .
tr	O	我翻了个白眼，但是焦虑感充斥了我的全身。
tr	O	法律尽职调查正在进行，并且合并文件正在起草。
tr	O	艾比递给她妈妈一个袋子，并且西里尔也为他爸爸做了同样的事。
tr	I	For some reason I decided to drag the two bodies into the bushes , but I still don 't know what I was thinking at that moment .
tr	I	The magical vibe was gone , but the furnishings were similar here to those in my previous room .
tr	O	它与海风是如此不同，但是我感觉自己好像藏起来不被任何人发现。
tr	O	霍莉笑了，并且马克迅速地看了我一眼。
tr	O	一团烟雾扑到她脸上，并且她一边咳嗽一边挥手将其驱散。
tr	O	房子里的音响效果很糟糕，并且他们真正拥有隐私的唯一方法是我让水一直流着。
tr	I	The only thing that gave us light was the flashing of the lightening and it was dark outside .
tr	O	另一阵冰冷的沉默降临了，并且西蒙开始狂暴地吃起来。
tr	I	She ran down to the water , and I said yes , of course .
tr	O	我没有停下来偷听，至少一开始没有，但是无论如何我还是听到了他们在说什么。
tr	O	是时候表明立场了，并且这个男人会陪伴在她身边。
tr	O	房间里现在已经满了，并且一阵愉快的谈话声在他周围萦绕。
tr	O	她当时很害怕，然而她还是回到了他身边。
tr	I	Like with Beth , I couldn 't break it , but stunned , I fought the force holding me back .
tr	I	Kenzie swallowed , and I asked .
tr	I	Then decided she might as well take it , but she paused in the doorway , realizing she was still clutching the Coleridge book .
tr	I	He wished now Trinity was awake to answer it instead of him and the question reached down into Camden .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁开了，并且他对我露出了一个微笑。
tr	O	按照大多数标准来看，那不是一个特别有趣的夜晚，但是我却发现自己笑得比好几周以来任何时候都开心。
tr	I	His eyes grew a little heavy and he looked down at my chest .
tr	I	I scream under the water , and the pain is unbelievable .
tr	I	She 'd grown to love the clothes she wore , and now word of mouth brought people to her store .
tr	O	她驱策她的坐骑以它能达到的最快速度奔跑，但是她知道这是徒劳的。
tr	O	布兰特越过珍妮的头对阿比盖尔笑了笑，并且这个简单的姿势让她屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	I finally broke apart from her , feeling my cheeks heat and a giggling titter filled the room .
tr	O	那些是他之前在多个场合说过的话，而且仙女总是在几分钟内出现。
tr	O	这算不上什么好生活，但是却是她所知道的一切。
tr	O	米歇尔正缓慢地开着她的福特车，而且蒂蒙斯坐在后面。
tr	I	Even for hip hop her long sleeved shirt will be too hot , but for ballet she 'll need a leotard , hopefully a sleeveless one .
tr	I	She leaned closer into his side , and she felt Cameron kiss her temple .
tr	I	Stark gave us access to a different world , and a pretence we all supported with gusto because they were great together .
tr	I	She had no idea what , but she sensed he wanted something from her .
tr	O	丹尼尔试图接着我们之前中断的地方继续，但是气氛已经消失了。
tr	O	安德鲁来到我们俩身边，而且我知道我做了正确的决定。
tr	O	他知道他犯了许多战术错误，而且那是因为他的自尊心作祟了。
tr	O	他有可能在她和她以为是他的人说话时与她擦肩而过。
tr	I	There had to be at least a hundred , but I didn 't know exactly how many people worked in the building .
tr	O	塔比莎的脸颊绯红，而且她步伐轻快。
tr	I	She 'd lost her baby , too and now Steve was out of her life .
tr	I	The bag flew upwards , and Edwin let go .
tr	O	我的心在砰砰跳，并且我需要思考。
tr	O	她也会的，但是他们的食物还没送达。
tr	O	所有这些占据我的思绪一段时间，但是接着现实世界又悄悄回到我的思绪中。
tr	O	我看到那只奇怪的狼与你亲近，但是你在月圆之日却没有变身。
tr	I	Again , he was starving , but Michael almost laughed out loud .
tr	O	法拉长得很漂亮，并且他们相处得相当好。
tr	O	你们是数学家，并且你们是工程师。
tr	O	艾米不确定她是否会兑现这种威胁，但是乔治知道如果她那样做了，他将不会得到任何怜悯。
tr	I	His blood had smeared the bedding , and the dish towel she 'd wrapped around Clay 's wound had fallen off .
tr	O	周五，人们在一周工作后想要放松一下，并且即兴表演舞台非常活跃。
tr	O	你身体上比我们所有人都强壮，但是你现在是我们之中最弱的。
tr	I	Her furrowed brow gave her away , but she smiled .
tr	O	他们被告知是六个，但是可能更长。
tr	I	One of the assistants was up on the wagon and the auctioneer had got back on the platform he had rigged on the back of his pickup .
tr	O	我不想弄清楚停车场在哪里，而且我可以问服务员怎么去网球场。
tr	O	他当然更老了，但是丹尼尔无论在哪里都会认出那双眼睛。
tr	I	I glanced up , meeting his eyes and Brody swore softly .
tr	O	我父亲在遥远的战役中将其作为战利品夺走，并且那是她最珍贵的财产。
tr	I	Soon I 'm on Goodwin land again and I walk alongside the lake .
tr	O	他在空中挥了挥手，并且一名工作人员端着一个装满食物的银托盘跑了过来。
tr	I	They taught your loved ones went to Heaven after they passed away and they were brought up in a Methodist Church .
tr	I	He knew she 'd been watching for him , and the girl in the tea shop flushed when she saw him .
tr	O	保时捷瞥了我一眼，并且我耸了耸肩。
tr	I	He had no idea why , and clearly this man hated him .
tr	O	尤金·巴尔塔萨打乱了那个秩序，并且那就是他死去的原因。
tr	O	我受不了把鞋弄脏，并且他从未原谅我。
tr	O	我给詹姆斯打了电话，并且我们聊了将近一个小时才不情愿地道晚安。
tr	O	我的声音变大了，并且我抽身离开了。
tr	O	它们是非法的，但是这并不意味着那些恶性斗争就没有发生。
tr	I	Fire streaks up my thigh , and I test my left hip , the one that took the impact , by taking a step .
tr	I	I wanted to understand , but I didn 't mean to interrupt him .
tr	I	Her whole body trembled with desire , and he pushed softly against her opening .
tr	I	Alfred returned to the plantation and when she died , she was set free .
tr	O	我意识到我们做的一切都本末倒置了，但是我向你保证我会继续照顾她。
tr	I	She didn 't trust Farrell to give her a glowing recommendation , but she had to find another job immediately , a well-paying job .
tr	I	You cannot reach them ; but we tried once , yes , precious , I tried once .
tr	I	We find ourselves standing on the front steps and she tosses her keys to the valet .
tr	O	我没有什么可以扔向她的，否则我就会了。
tr	I	He kept her covered , using his body as a shield , and they fell to the ground .
tr	I	It apparently accounted for a lot of things , but I 'd never seen this budget plan .
tr	O	他试图挂倒挡，但是挡位杆却纹丝不动。
tr	I	Colt replaced it for Noah a couple years back , but my uncle hung the swing when we were about eleven .
tr	I	I chased after the twins and I was splashed with water .
tr	I	The fish didn 't seem very hungry yet , but his father reached over to bob the line .
tr	I	The boy looked less than amused , but he chuckled .
tr	O	我本打算在书店安静的角落里待一会儿，但是现在看来是不可能了。
tr	I	He turned his head to see the rainbow fading , and he could feel himself dropping .
tr	O	一抹红色吸引了他的目光，并且马库斯抬起了头。
tr	I	She knew enough about him to write a book , and he was sincere .
tr	I	I can tell he 's upset , and his eyes start to dart around the car .
tr	I	I 'm sorry , but I 'll file a report .
tr	I	We were all sitting around the judge 's desk in his chambers , but I expected we 'd be having this conversation in a courtroom .
tr	I	I couldn 't be that guy , but I thought about calling just to check in on her .
tr	I	She started really looking forward to having some fun for once and Lauren knew that her sister liked to dance as much as she did .
tr	O	她感到自己又哽咽了，但是她什么也没说。
tr	O	你很性感，很有趣，并且你在我的淋浴间里看起来棒极了。
tr	I	He might rob a store , and make a man hungry enough .
tr	I	Now leaving was the last thing I wanted to do , but I had thought Ashley 's pity was the sign I needed .
tr	I	She knew very well that she wasn 't unattractive , either , but no one had ever called Allie a ravishing beauty .
tr	I	The whispering session became more heated , and several minutes passed .
tr	I	I recognize the voice by now , but she won 't give her name .
tr	O	发光的苔藓沿着许多墙壁生长，并且他得以借助一大片苔藓的光来研究我。
tr	I	He bent to pick it up , and a coin lay at his feet .
tr	I	She knew he had perfectly gauged the situation , and there were a number of personnel going about their business , glancing at them with idle curiosity .
tr	I	He lets go of her hand , and Tammie watches dark clouds smolder in his eyes .
tr	O	我试图用力关上舞台门以减少气流，但是热浪正从门口猛烈涌入。
tr	I	Aria knew he was watching everything , but he stood talking with Loran .
tr	I	Sutter jumped in his chair and Thomas stood from the table .
tr	I	If not , then she could bring up the marriage idea again with more finesse , and maybe he would have an idea .
tr	O	我答应玛蒂尔达我会回来拜访，并且我打算就这么做。
tr	O	凯莉等待着不相信的神情出现在吸血鬼的脸上，或者其他人给她的“你是个蜥蜴”的回答。
tr	I	Yes I 'm sure , and you 're a doctor !
tr	O	诺亚挪动了身体，并且他的手环住了克莱尔的肩膀。
tr	I	He was right , but L.J. was guessing .
tr	O	她的信仰没有你那么执着，并且她斥之为异端。
tr	O	这不是第一次，并且也不会是最后一次。
tr	I	I laughed , and she yelled .
tr	O	他一直肌肉发达，但是所有的训练让他变得更加如此。
tr	O	她张开嘴想抗议，但是他迅速打断了她。
tr	O	她脸上的血色全无，但是至少她能看到他的心脏在表带闪亮的表面上跳动。
tr	I	She didn 't like it at all and she felt so isolated , cut off from the important business of the castle .
tr	I	I looked up to see Joaquim , and a tray plunked down opposite me .
tr	I	There was nothing to show just who was mounted on those horses , but whoever was riding herd on them was riding the rustlers ' horses .
tr	O	我们吃掉我们的历史，并且它没有丢失。
tr	O	唯一的声响是树林中的风声，并且我们的脚在路边的碎石上摩擦着。
tr	O	布罗迪的嘴唇再次扭曲成怒容，但是塔维斯一个眼神就让他住了嘴。
tr	I	Like many old people he had too much skin and he was old .
tr	O	我的回答让他满意，并且他没再说什么。
tr	I	She had to be handled with kid gloves , and Hettie was a powerful force in Last Chance .
tr	O	到了晚上，他小小的身体滚烫，并且他变得萎靡不振，常常发抖。
tr	I	Luckily it started the first time without even a back fire , and Matthew reached his truck .
tr	O	他听到一个女人的声音在轻声呼唤，但是他听不清那些话。
tr	I	She turned back to me , and I touched her shoulder .
tr	I	His eyes narrow , and Ryland 's head goes up like a bloodhound 's scenting game .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to be late for my own wedding , but I nearly tripped over my own feet .
tr	I	The windows on every stair landing projected light into the surrounding obscurity , and the ground floor lobby glowed with invitation .
tr	O	第十四章 那是她的婚礼日，并且茉莉呼吸困难。
tr	O	每个成员都会盯着其他人的背影，并且在一天结束时他们会分赃。
tr	I	She fidgeted with her hands , and Ellie 's eyes were wide .
tr	I	He would let her , and she wanted to gloat .
tr	I	Ellie could see the fear on her face but Linda stepped back .
tr	I	I am me , and I wouldn 't trust me !
tr	O	我爱你，瑞秋，并且我需要你。
tr	I	His eyes widened with surprise , and Tonk Fah 's shirt drained of color .
tr	O	门大开着，并且她的名字被叫了出来。
tr	O	他也很安静，并且那寂静显得有点尴尬。
tr	O	四名医生为被告作了证，并且看起来被告的胜算非常大。
tr	I	It was getting closer and yes , I caught a glimpse of the other river bank .
tr	I	She drew back slightly and tears immediately appeared .
tr	I	It took me hours to peel my body from the bed and Chapter 12 I woke up at five .
tr	O	我的思绪开始有些飘离，并且我眼前的现实变了。
tr	O	他开始抚摸我的头发，并且我把自己紧贴在他的胸膛上。
tr	I	I saw nothing , and I looked ahead .
tr	O	电视关着，并且没有音乐。
tr	O	我们的目光交织，并且我说不出话来，完全沉浸在这个时刻的力量中。
tr	O	我想倒进他怀里，但是他小心翼翼地放开了我。
tr	I	Doug grabbed her hand , pulling her aside , but Juliette continued forward .
tr	I	That wasn 't quite the same , but her father had taught her calculus .
tr	I	It had taken a while ; but I had just about recovered from the fact that he hadn 't told me anything about it before we married .
tr	O	我不知道她在做什么，但是我感觉我应该把目光移开。
tr	O	这是赛琳娜第一次听到他大喊，并且这让她比枪声更震惊。
tr	I	He didn 't really know where he had been himself - but Thor wished he knew how to respond .
tr	O	很难找到最优秀的人，但是再次，他的岳父并非没有影响力。
tr	O	通道很狭窄，并且我把背包弄掉了。
tr	I	Mayank understood it that the boss perceived this meeting also as a business deal and the boss wore his mask as usual .
tr	I	I 'm long past the need , but I know he hopes to protect me .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but nemesis focused his gaze to an alleyway off to the west just to make sure the darkness wasn 't a malfunction .
tr	O	这很复杂，但是它会奏效的。
tr	I	I push down the sorrow , but as always , he evokes echoes of Doc .
tr	I	His proposal had been motivated more by his fear that someone else might ask her first , but she 'd already fallen in love with him .
tr	I	There was no breeze as the men continued to try to understand the problems they were facing and the temperature was approaching ninety degrees .
tr	I	This time he was human , and she tightened her brows again .
tr	O	他的声音沙哑，并且这比任何言语都能更能让她明白。
tr	O	她讨厌血的气味，但是它的味道更令人作呕。
tr	I	It could be bad ... or that was good news .
tr	I	You know what else , and this strain is nasty ?
tr	O	我正在重温那个场景，但是用不同的眼光看待它。
tr	I	I trusted him , but he 'd been pretty secretive about our final evening together .
tr	O	纳特觉得找到约翰的进展并未比他们开始时更近，并且现在他们失去了一名救援队成员。
tr	I	With the cold weather , I might be able to freeze to death , but I wished I could find a place to stay .
tr	I	We can hear every single word , but as always , his voice is dangerously quiet .
tr	I	Soon they were on their way , and he joined her around the other side .
tr	O	你不会仅仅在一天之内就坠入爱河，并且你也不会在一天之内就坠入爱河。
tr	O	我不记得她，但是 我确实记得想找到她。
tr	I	I couldn 't look away and he smiled his movie star smile at me .
tr	O	我被它摸起来黏糊糊的并且能用它创造出漩涡图案的方式迷住了。
tr	I	She suddenly felt dizzy , but he was steadying her .
tr	O	佩顿试图微笑，但是 我能看出她很不自在。
tr	O	他让潜台词不言而喻，但是 我怀疑他是对的。
tr	I	He 's not shy about claiming them , and he wants everything , every little shard that I have left .
tr	I	I turn my head toward her and my eyelids gradually open .
tr	I	Flora tells her to just ignore them , but Miss Giddens hears cries in the night .
tr	I	No son had been another disappointment to her father and having only two daughters .
tr	O	她生她父亲的气，但是 莱兰看不懂为什么。
tr	I	She could concentrate on building her business and if Ric signed the papers , that complication would be gone .
tr	O	神经紧绷，他现在是需要被安抚的人，并且 如果她继续她的感性动作，他就找不到他所寻求的慰藉。
tr	I	They marched toward the achievement of that purpose relentlessly ... and this was a force with a purpose .
tr	O	她的五官比平常小，但是 岁月的智慧写满了她的脸。
tr	O	我急忙开始寻找某种武器，但是 我的搜寻在我门突然打开时被打断了。
tr	I	He straightens and his eyes open .
tr	I	He just told me he gave them a warning but I asked him what he had said to them .
tr	I	She didn 't do anything to put his mind at ease , but Prue knew James was the cause .
tr	O	他的肺部灼痛，使他呼吸困难，但是他相当确定他们有足够的空气到达窗户。
tr	O	暴风雨已经过去，并且铲雪车已经出动。
tr	I	She was sure the wall hadn 't been there before , but sixteen years was a long time .
tr	I	Dham 's hand on my arm stops me , but I am getting ready to cross the street .
tr	I	Her injuries had healed and the doctors had explained it was best that Christina remain in a coma until the swelling of her brain had gone down .
tr	O	他轻笑了一下，并且我僵住了。
tr	O	一个停车标志被插在了一边，并且它有一张卡片从一个挂钩上垂下，背面写着“请先阅读”。
tr	I	I could feel it slide through me as I swallowed , and it burned my tongue .
tr	O	它令人印象深刻，但是没有命名为“诗歌”的部分。
tr	I	I doubt they have anything to do with this lesson , but I see him scribble a few lines on a page .
tr	I	I was so drained that I didn 't press it , but it seemed very odd to me .
tr	I	He kept holding her , and he bowed his head .
tr	O	我的身体僵硬了，紧绷了，并且我无法移开。
tr	O	凯尔原计划将他的下一个俘虏与新的攻击结合起来使用，但是她的逃脱迫使他不得不逃亡。
tr	O	索尔的心脏砰砰直跳，但是他知道他不能退缩。
tr	I	He grinned as Spock sprinted back to drop the stick at our feet , and Tyler 's eyes followed the dog .
tr	O	我开始说话，并且他打断了我。
tr	I	I never claimed to be a saint , but I know that sounds like an awful thing to say .
tr	I	We would never know for sure , but I hoped he had made it .
tr	O	那一声哭喊是他的，但是他无法说话。
tr	O	雷文听不到他们的话，但是肢体语言是不友好的。
tr	O	我想让他在那里，但是我不打算通过说出来惹恼他。
tr	O	乔恩不想回到警察工作，并且他没有时间发展另一种收入来源了。
tr	I	I breathed in and the elevator sounded .
tr	O	整整一年后不应该这么痛，然而它确实痛了。
tr	I	He wanted more , but the pain in his Mark had eased .
tr	I	He paused , glancing down below , and his feet slid again .
tr	O	有那么一刻他似乎会重新考虑，但是随后他摇了摇头。
tr	I	He is a man of high standing , and she belongs to Black Crow .
tr	O	迦勒转向它时沉默了，并且麦迪逊因车头灯突然的强光而眨眼。
tr	I	That was final and I would go .
tr	I	His hand moved to brush her upper thigh , and his grin turned wicked .
tr	O	吸血鬼有一个计划，并且她的身体非常配合。
tr	I	Duke comes in , and she steps aside .
tr	O	我想知道谁正占上风，并且我希望是我们。
tr	I	After a moment , it stilled , but the room spun in a whirl .
tr	O	艾萨克已经听过简报了，并且他不想再为他把所有事情重复一遍。
tr	I	She withdrew it and the thermometer beeped .
tr	O	如果落入坏人之手，这些信息就会被恶意利用，并且它太重要了，不容被那样利用。
tr	O	他不知道怎么做，但是他会找到办法的。
tr	I	Arnie points at the window , but the others they just ignore him .
tr	O	安吉莉卡的笑容僵住了，并且她调整了左手手套上的缝线。
tr	O	他没有反应，但是她仍然知道斯特莱克内心深藏的痛苦。
tr	O	迪奥又对米斯蒂冷淡地点了点头，但是他的眼神冰冷。
tr	O	我偷偷地回头看了一眼，以确保我没有被观察到，并且我随即作弊了。
tr	O	我做好了迎接与死尸相关的气味的准备，但是，我只闻到了我们周围潮湿植物的气味。
tr	I	The next task is too difficult to be performed by only me , but I regret having to wake her .
tr	O	我只能想象他当时在想什么，但是有一件事我确切地知道。
tr	I	It probably needs to be done , but I don 't look forward to doing it a second time .
tr	I	Her cheek came to rest in the palm of his hand and she inclined her head .
tr	O	我确保给明迪留了张便条，但是她有忘记我存在的倾向。
tr	O	我希望你信任我，并且我知道我必须赢得你的信任。
tr	O	我通常不赞成砍伐树木，但是我们急需大量柴火。
tr	O	我笑了，并且她也开始笑了。
tr	O	空气很潮湿，并且一股恶臭霉味从房间的每个角落向他袭来。
tr	O	我会把两者都带回去，但是重要的部分是着陆器。
tr	O	他的牙齿刮擦着娇嫩的皮肤，并且一声小小的呜咽在凯利来不及阻止之前从他唇间溢出。
tr	O	她惊呼道，随着她的手臂从他肩膀上落下并且她冲向衣橱去拿她的衣服。
tr	I	They import American clothes and we import Italian clothes .
tr	O	他自行车上的发动机轰鸣着，并且他不见了。
tr	O	他前任领主的去世使他失业了，并且他缺席那场战斗导致了关于他背叛了那位领主的谣言。
tr	O	生活艰难，并且食物稀缺。
tr	I	Attached to the harnesses was a tightly wound thin , strong , climbing wire , and their belts were actually full harnesses .
tr	O	他出生时就没有被赐予好看的外貌，并且生活也没有为这个可怜的人带来任何改善。
tr	O	她脸上的痛苦加剧了，并且如果我看到的是我所认为的，一丝怒火也闪现了。
tr	O	我很感激你们都在这里，并且我想告诉你们我随时可以提供任何帮助。
tr	I	One day I see it , and always it is something they want .
tr	O	我的心在喉咙里痛苦地跳动着，并且我的嘴里尝到了烟味。
tr	O	她正在追踪两个吸血鬼，他们是兄弟，并且当她感知到他们时，她的耳朵抽动了一下。
tr	O	他们看起来已经很干净了，但是她没有争辩。
tr	O	我看起来毫无生气，但是他不能再让他们亵渎我的身体了。
tr	O	她尽力伸展自己，但是这还不够。
tr	I	She stiffened and as if in answer , her breath caught .
tr	O	我试图告诉他他午餐已经吃了一个，但是他坚持说那是昨天。
tr	O	他很虚弱，并且她杀了他。
tr	O	他环顾四周，希望能找到答案，但是没人说一句话。
tr	I	It had enough power to carry large boulders by as if they were empty soda cans , but he couldn 't guess its depth .
tr	O	他们艰难地穿过一条繁忙的道路，并且她感到细小的雨滴开始落下。
tr	O	我们走出了山洞，并且我朝东方望去。
tr	I	Galen pushed the chair in for him and Sam sat .
tr	I	She could still see the edge of his green jerkin , but William had slipped back into the shadows of the trees .
tr	I	I had to do what was right now , but it was too little , much too late .
tr	O	每个人都有工作要做，并且他们着手做了。
tr	O	他转身面对她，并且他表情中的苦涩让她倒吸一口气。
tr	I	I scowled , and Blake laughed .
tr	I	Alyosha left the sword embedded in him , and he stepped backwards .
tr	O	狼群前面的变形者，主要是狼，稍微后退了一些，但是它们的咆哮声没有停止。
tr	I	I looked from my husband to the witch and my head jerked .
tr	O	他笑了，并且我咧嘴笑了。
tr	I	Elliot was grateful for the distraction the computer provided , and she appeared relaxed .
tr	O	我受不了他们，但是我把这藏在心里。
tr	O	他仍然坐着，伸出了双臂，并且她依偎进他的怀里。
tr	I	I looked down , and the statement made me blush .
tr	I	They removed their light jackets and it had become quite warm .
tr	O	杰斯现在移动得更快了，并且当她接近约翰尼时，她环抱住了他的腰。
tr	O	贝森曾央求她多待一天在皇后镇，但是克莱尔对留在这个著名小镇没有丝毫的兴致。
tr	O	我们现在从入口进去大约五十英尺，并且采矿车的生锈铁轨从泥土中显露出来。
tr	O	我个人不认识那位经纪人，但是我很想认识。
tr	I	They drew close together , and before she could speak , he covered her mouth with his .
tr	I	Some form waits behind the desk , but I cannot see it from where I am .
tr	I	She 'd ruin everything for her parents , or she had to pull her shit together .
tr	I	There was no one there , but I said , turning to the person who tapped my shoulder .
tr	I	His seemed to be missing , and every Carpathian needed a built-in warning system .
tr	I	He had won -- but sure , Eddie was in a terrible mess .
tr	I	He holds her upright but her knees give way .
tr	I	He tried not to let his hopes get too high , but he might have appealed to their pride a little bit .
tr	O	门开了，并且他走了进去。
tr	I	His big friendly eyes looked concerned and his blond hair was cut short .
tr	O	一个苗条性感的黑发女子闪过他的脑海，但是他很快就因为艾丽莎是厨师而将她排除在外。
tr	I	There was a bloody handprint on the hilt , and the steel of the blade wasn 't as brilliant as he 'd thought .
tr	O	一番操作之后，卷轴归他所有了，并且他再次坐下阅读它。
tr	O	他抬起我们紧握的双手，用他空着的那只手中指轻拂我的指关节，并且我再次沉溺在他的眼中。
tr	I	Sending sick people reduced that likelihood and the mission planners wanted the greatest chance of success for the new colony .
tr	O	路德双眼发狂，并且他的双脚冒着烟。
tr	I	Mom nodded , and I asked .
tr	I	I have the awards to prove it , and I 'm damned good at my job .
tr	I	Auntie Eugenie was stronger , but he might be strong .
tr	O	她试着看向那个新来的女孩，但是她不能只是盯着看。
tr	I	She was turning sixteen and Avril 's birthday was in a week .
tr	I	She tried to blow it off , but Olivia was insulted by the gesture , given her tenure .
tr	I	Erica was grateful for the respite and she had the cabin to herself .
tr	I	It sure isn 't going to be that , but I don 't know what 's going on .
tr	O	没有必要引起警方的怀疑，并且无法识别火源也不会引起怀疑。
tr	I	He shivered again and he saw his breath billow forth in the moonlight .
tr	I	He didn 't usually carry that with him , but the animal skinned cloak that he wore now kept him warm .
tr	O	我们可以延长他们的生命，他们的青春，但是在一个没有其他人存在的地方，他们仍然是人类。
tr	I	Edson releases him and Alton shakes his head .
tr	O	吉迪恩仍在收集情报，但是机构对其中大部分信息秘而不宣。
tr	O	玛丽安娜没有想到一天会以乘坐塞巴斯蒂安的宝马车结束，并且她现在对身在此处感到不满。
tr	O	他能理解一些事情，但是他对将要面对的一切真正了解多少呢？
tr	I	She felt the finality of that one single action and he shook his head .
tr	I	I 'm rather looking forward to it , and I expect it 's coming , though .
tr	O	光是想到还要再忍受十二个小时夹在他和暴躁先生之间就让她打了个寒颤，尽管天气很热。
tr	I	She found herself smiling back and he smiled at her again .
tr	I	Her thinking he was the best thing since sex was invented , and reaching a loud , simultaneous climax in each other 's arms .
tr	O	我用快球对付他，并且他似乎并没有被吓倒。
tr	I	We don 't want to do anything we don 't have to , but you could have used fashion tape to hold the hair in place .
tr	O	亚当听到门猛地打开，并且比尔的脚步声冲了进来。
tr	O	她对女孩们说了些什么，并且她们的下巴都掉了下来，科莱特朝我走过来，忽视着所有注视着我们的目光。
tr	O	我发起了它，但是她赢得了它。
tr	I	I was starting to regret it , and clearly no one had bothered to tell me about all the dangers of this journey .
tr	I	It already looked soaked into the ground , draining into a grate in the center of the room , and the prison were bare weeks old .
tr	O	他们每次来都不同，但是每次他们都很美。
tr	O	他对规则一丝不苟，但是如果你遵守它们，他会第一个支持你。
tr	O	我休息得很好，并且路程很快就过去了。
tr	I	It lasted no longer than that , but she felt a moment 's sadness at their passing .
tr	O	他身材高大，举止优雅，无比自信，而且她知道他要杀死她。
tr	O	你并没有失去知觉，但是你无法控制自己的身体。
tr	O	我的房子位于一口有独立水泵的井上，而且我的全屋发电机运转完美，因为我一直都在维护它。
tr	I	I won 't be so lenient , and step out of line again .
tr	O	召集日终于来了，而且我们从拂晓就开始忙碌，准备别墅。
tr	I	You can tell , but she 's quiet about it .
tr	I	He praised her again , and she did as he directed .
tr	O	芬恩轻轻触摸了粗糙的深灰色石墙，而且它为他展开了一段楼梯。
tr	O	我年轻时进入了纹身行业，而且我坚持下来了，因为我很擅长。
tr	I	The bike veered forward again , turning into my street and I nodded , letting him know that I accepted it .
tr	O	他从裤子顶部的纽扣开始，而且我翻了个身。
tr	I	She cringed inwardly , praying he wouldn 't notice her blush and her cheeks grew instantly hot .
tr	I	He couldn 't seem to articulate , but the slick man 's mouth opened .
tr	O	每次重复他都会回来，而且我通过他的眼睛看到了健身房的其余部分。
tr	I	She wanted to unleash one more blast , but she felt a little ragged .
tr	I	They 're getting really tight nowadays , but I thought I had a shot at more grants .
tr	I	He wanted all the world to know it , and they were , in a word , happy .
tr	O	我需要咖啡，因为我午餐时什么都没吃，而且我的肚子在叫。
tr	O	我张开嘴解释，而且威尔插了进来。
tr	I	He swings his arm around me , pulling me close to him and I laugh .
tr	I	Julian suspected she was trying to be polite , but she 'd blamed it on her inexperience with a large family .
tr	I	She looked up in surprise and Michelle was at the front desk .
tr	O	雄伟的竞技场看起来好像会容纳角斗士的战场，但是它真正的用途只不过是一座被美化的监狱。
tr	O	我非常害怕，而且我只想活下去。
tr	O	她握住他的手，而且当他温暖有力的手指合拢她的手时，她感觉好多了。
tr	O	有六匹马拴在我们周围的树上，而且我们每个人都走向一匹。
tr	I	I moaned at the feeling of calmness that was overtaking my body , and the tension crept out of my pores as his fingers banished it .
tr	O	她不知道接下来会发生什么，但是那一刻，他们还活着。
tr	I	I liked her , but it was different .
tr	I	She had declined , though why she couldn 't imagine and he 'd made the offer .
tr	O	他歪着头，而且我把他推到床上，然后慢慢地爬到他身上。
tr	O	当时我以为那只是一时迷恋，但是时间会改变我的现实。
tr	I	This was the one time he would not have it , but his brother had been counting on his allegiance .
tr	I	The moon began giving off anomalous transmissions , and the story evolved .
tr	O	我试图把它抢回来，但是他太高了。
tr	I	The toothy smile on his face left me hopeful that maybe sex wasn 't his only motive but his shoulders dropped in obvious disappointment .
tr	I	I squeezed my eyes shut as I dropped to the waiting ground , and my head filled with the same intense ringing she 'd caused before .
tr	I	Reality settled down on them like a comfortable blanket and the magical moment had passed .
tr	I	I 'd declined every offer as nicely as I could , but she wanted to help me pack my father 's things .
tr	I	She ventured a glance at his face , and he plucked the jar from her hand .
tr	I	I took off my jacket to help with the shoveling , and a shovel was then placed into my hands .
tr	I	This absence often made him feel painfully alone , and he 'd never had the chance to know his mother .
tr	O	她的手湿漉漉的，并且她把它们擦在牛仔裤上。
tr	I	He had good times with those he had , but he didn 't have a lot of friends .
tr	O	她左手腕上的手铐，即使隔着他的衣服，在她胳膊靠在他胸膛的地方，也灼热地发烫，但是这不重要。
tr	O	他们身上都没有发现身份证明，而且两人都没有开口说话。
tr	O	我对汤姆·戴维没有抱更高期望，但是托德本可以帮我一把。
tr	O	她在他体内，就像他在她体内一样深，并且她感受到了他那苦涩、无情的决心的冰冷。
tr	I	Laura had explicit instructions to give him her contact information and he knew where Laura lived .
tr	O	现在埃琳娜还需要一扇魔法门，而且她不知道如何找到它。
tr	I	She 'd volunteered to help in Dallas 's class that day , but Preston would 've invited her .
tr	O	他的全身开始颤抖，但是我把嘴唇紧贴在他的唇上，直到我不得不抬头呼吸。
tr	O	我热爱棒球，并且我讨厌体操。
tr	O	当我到达书店时，达拉正在擦拭书架，并且我发现汤姆在前台处理电子表格。
tr	I	I wince at the name , sick , and she repeats .
tr	O	男人们犹豫不决，但是他们的脸上仍然有些疑虑。
tr	O	我手上的汗毛竖了起来，并且一种麻酥酥的感觉沿着我的手指往上爬。
tr	I	His whole body ached , and his eyes felt like they were weighed down by lead .
tr	I	That wasn 't unusual for me , but I had missed school .
tr	I	Now there was no time for that , but he preferred his meat well done .
tr	I	He struck me again , but I twisted my rapier , tearing his flesh .
tr	O	你们现在就回家，并且我就会把这一切都忘掉。
tr	O	电梯开了，并且他们踉跄着一起走进酒店套房外的私人走廊。
tr	I	It was extremely hot and he felt his forehead .
tr	O	没有时间争论，但是面对母亲的前景让杰米充满了恐惧。
tr	I	There was no room to maneuver and he could not get anywhere though , for they were packed too tight .
tr	I	I endeavoured to be hers and she was my rock .
tr	I	We got through it , but it hurt both of us .
tr	O	我还没准备好看着他，但是麦克斯却把头转向他。
tr	I	For some reason he didn 't , but he should have looked totally ridiculous in the small car .
tr	O	再次，她的语气没有改变，但是每个人都能感受到她声音中的悲伤。
tr	O	她已经很久没有从一切事物中抽离了，而且她热爱巴黎。
tr	I	He had to say something , but he was afraid to assume that it might fuel the same type of resentment .
tr	I	He knew that Argon lived alone , in a stone cottage , on the northern outskirts of Boulder Plains , and he stood near a crossroads .
tr	O	他塞进一张二十元钞票，并且硬币叮当作响地流出来，就像他中了大奖一样。
tr	O	莱昂内尔的头猛地向后仰，并且他踉跄地靠在墙上。
tr	O	他听到了，并且他明白了。
tr	I	His voice dropped lower , and he laughed , smug .
tr	O	相互的笑声充满了他们的脑海，并且他们断开了连接。
tr	I	I heard his thoughts deciding which Resistance members he would send and I could see the wheels turning in Avalon 's head .
tr	O	表演赛终于结束了，并且安珀跑出更衣室来见我。
tr	I	I wanted her happy and she 'd only worry over me .
tr	O	威尔的手臂环住我，并且他快速地捏了捏我的肩膀。
tr	I	Mary 's plan had proceeded without her , and they had captured the train .
tr	O	这是我跳过最远的一次，毫无疑问，并且我甚至不是故意这么做的。
tr	O	约翰手臂上的肌腱绷紧了，但是他的握力却没有。
tr	O	意识到躲避蜘蛛的最好方法是放低身子，而且要快，我四肢着地趴到了地板上。
tr	I	The floor was trashed with huge gouges and there were piles of demolished furniture everywhere .
tr	O	我迅速纠正了自己，并且她在我使用她的名字时赞许地点了点头。
tr	I	The war never ceased but Skull was dead .
tr	O	梅森试图再迈一步，但是我却剧烈地摇了摇头。
tr	I	I smiled back and he lifted his hand in a wave .
tr	O	我愉悦地叹了口气，并且当他轻轻地贴近我时，我的手紧紧地抓住他的腰。
tr	I	Will continued to watch us , but Rashad poked Will 's shoulder .
tr	O	他的眼睑颤动着，但是也仅此而已。
tr	I	I 'm done with drinking , and I 'm done with those .
tr	I	Bryson was staring up at him , and Michael turned his attention back to the trench .
tr	O	他的手臂在他完成时已经酸痛了，并且那个结构像一堵发光的线条墙一样悬在空中。
tr	O	在经理身上，直言不讳可能显得可爱，但是这在食物链更高层的人身上并不是一个受欢迎的品质。
tr	O	斯宾塞医生没有向我们提及关于药物的争议，并且我们可能需要稍后再就此事找他。
tr	O	卢卡斯颤抖了，并且我不认为那是因为寒冷。
tr	I	Peyton would possibly never find out and sure , I could nail her .
tr	I	The lights overhead intensified then returned to normal and the front door burst open on its own .
tr	I	I pulled his head down , hungrily kissing him as I ran my hands down his back and my chest squeezed at his endearment .
tr	O	那个女人摊开手掌，而且佐克能感觉到她所召唤的能量。
tr	I	A barn coat tossed over a chair back and it was a house where a towel could be hung on a doorknob .
tr	I	That didn 't mean someone couldn 't somehow climb up from below , but we didn 't have steps leading from the deck .
tr	O	她的手捂着嘴，并且她的眼睛睁得很大，泪眼汪汪。
tr	O	他向前倾身，并且他们开始聊天。
tr	I	They never traded goods in Quarry but some guessed they were traveling traders .
tr	O	我用我的球棒猛击那雄性的头部，并且它摔到了地板上。
tr	O	他只进入了她一半，但是突然涌出的润滑液让她无法再拖延。
tr	O	如果他们相信，邪恶就会消失，并且他们就能变回从前的样子。
tr	I	I follow her and Rosie climbs on .
tr	O	当什么都没发生时，她终于长舒一口气，肩膀随之放松，并且她慢慢地放下了灭火器。
tr	I	Newspapers neatly stacked in the corner and the living room had been straightened .
tr	I	He tightens his arms around me and I nestle into his chest once again .
tr	I	I doubted she ever would , but I knew she was trying to understand what I was saying .
tr	I	The old man started back , and a small orange beak popped out from the darkness .
tr	O	你妈死了，但是你没有。
tr	O	几十个问题在我脑海中嗡嗡作响，但是我把它们锁起来以满足我的饥饿。
tr	I	Never once did she attempt to attack him , but for days he had been at her mercy .
tr	I	She had been rejected by them , but in the dream , there had been others around her .
tr	I	I gave it to him and he tilted his head slightly to catch my gaze .
tr	O	我没有像我应该的那样仔细选择我的措辞，但是我还是继续说了下去。
tr	O	萨加站在右边，丽兹站在左边，并且靳站在中间。
tr	O	后来冒险者们穿过了许多不同类型的崎岖地形，并且经过一番努力，他们终于来到了弗里蒙特山脉的山脚下。
tr	I	She had to catch up with Jol before her dad arrived and the time was 11.30 pm .
tr	I	Senator Davis went to greet them and a couple walked in the door .
tr	I	I 'm an ass and you 're the best .
tr	I	He rubbed them together to dissipate the sensation and his fingers were still buzzing .
tr	I	His skin was astonishingly soft , yet his muscles were surprisingly hard .
tr	I	Marnie was a platinum blond , and Judith had long black hair .
tr	I	She also tells me we never wiped our feet and Youth is a welcome mat she tells me .
tr	O	那不是有史以来最雄辩的演讲，但是亨利似乎并不在意。
tr	I	On this he was adamant but Max had let her have her way on most things .
tr	I	I step in front of her , but she braces herself on the counter as if she 's about to slide off .
tr	O	他们在学校都被警告过陌生男人，但是她这辈子从没想过这会发生在她自己家里。
tr	O	她的脸颊瘦削，并且她的表情是不赞同的。
tr	I	They glowed a dangerous shade of crimson , and rage grew to spark in his eyes .
tr	O	他是我的一切，并且我只希望我的父母能看到我从他身上看到的东西。
tr	O	直到现在我才意识到这一点，但是我毫不怀疑那是她反应的一部分。
tr	O	现在我不记得我是否提过这一点，但是那枚导弹离地面大概至少有五十英尺。
tr	O	她放开了他的手，但是他没有忘记那种触感。
tr	I	Another one was right behind it , but I wiped it away .
tr	O	瑞秋用目光冻结了他，并且拉斯蒂立刻变得恭敬起来。
tr	O	他品尝着她，将她深深地拉入怀中，并且她在他的抚摸中融化了。
tr	O	她僵住了，并且西蒙后退了。
tr	I	Dimitri almost groaned as one soft breast came precariously close to the edge of the bubbles that were quickly disintegrating and she raised her bare shoulders .
tr	O	他看着他桌上的显示器，并且在奖杯室相遇后他确信那个男孩实际上是他的曾孙女。
tr	I	He didn 't seek it out , but he wasn 't afraid of it .
tr	I	I could not get their glimpses but I looked around .
tr	O	他确信她牵扯到图书事件中，但是他开始怀疑她是否是杀手。
tr	I	It was hard , but tried not to look at him at all , in fact .
tr	O	维克的眼睛猛地睁开，并且他带着同情的表情看着我。
tr	O	我刚从外面走进来，所以我假装是因此而起，但是实际上是我的神经在作怪。
tr	I	Imagine me the way I used to be , but look , I know I 'm blind now .
tr	I	I took advantage of it , and I knew she had a thing for me .
tr	I	She was with him every step of the way and he set a relentless pace .
tr	O	他对着她笑了，并且她忍不住也跟着他轻轻地笑了。
tr	I	I believe him and he promised to let us return to our lives when the danger had passed .
tr	I	The woman was freakishly strong but Serenity tried to pull away .
tr	O	有东西在他身后沙沙作响，并且萨米猛地回到了现实。
tr	I	He 's patient , but he hates losing .
tr	O	我知晓这对他的重要性，并且它也因为其所象征的意义而对我变得极其宝贵。
tr	O	他们的谈话暂停了，并且他的手心湿了。
tr	O	到现在三人都活着，并且他们的伤口都愈合了。
tr	O	我想请罗宾再做一件事，但是恐惧让我暂时保持沉默。
tr	I	Yet , conversely , Butch had stopped barking , and I felt like I was no longer alone .
tr	O	没有人似乎理解她，并且她的声音变得更加恐慌。
tr	O	他的手托住我的肘部，并且我差点吓得跳起来。
tr	O	他不知道怎么回事，但是不可能有其他解释了。
tr	O	他丰满的嘴唇紧抿着，并且他的眼神现在变得警惕。
tr	O	男生很有趣，并且我们很好。
tr	O	我抬头看着杰森的剪影，他跪在什么东西前面，但是我看不清那是什么。
tr	O	她能感觉到他炽热的目光落在她脸上，但是她拒绝理睬他。
tr	I	Its place was the one back into my room and I couldn 't bear to watch anymore so I closed my eyes until the portal faded .
tr	O	过了一会儿我睡着了，但是记忆不断在我脑海中浮现。
tr	I	Her eyes aged as she reminisced and she tilted her head at me .
tr	I	The port had a welcoming festive appearance , and lights sparkled on the harbor waters .
tr	I	Then the cat moved , its powerful muscles rippling as it glided silently toward her , but for a moment she stared , almost frozen in place .
tr	I	She seemed unable to comprehend the truth of his words , and Julie shifted her head from side to side .
tr	I	The back side was also blank , but I hastily flipped the paper over .
tr	I	This time it was a metaphorical stamping of the foot , but she 'd demanded an answer to that question before .
tr	I	The hinges squeaked as if it hadn 't been used in a long time , but the door was unlocked .
tr	O	那个人不在视野中，并且我无法确定他的声音来自哪里。
tr	O	汉考克试图把她拉开，并且她愤怒地冲他发火。
tr	I	She bent her head and Nell 's vision blurred .
tr	I	The killer could see that she was having trouble but the woman tried to calm herself .
tr	O	他甚至可能已经停下来了，但是香气消散了所以他继续前进。
tr	I	Cooper pulls me in , stabilizing me in every way , and I stagger back .
tr	I	Suddenly my hands were shaking , but maybe it was just nerves .
tr	O	街道仍然是湿的，并且偶尔有汽车溅水穿过水坑。
tr	O	他想把她紧紧抱住，但是他强迫自己保持轻柔。
tr	O	这不是他的回答，但是他说话的方式。
tr	I	Thankfully neither was he and she wasn 't a big talker in the bedroom .
tr	I	She was not looking at him but Elliot looked at Ross .
tr	I	There was a growing air of fury around her , but Jenna looked about ready to cry .
tr	I	Jake couldn 't give in , but it was a beautiful face .
tr	I	We were certainly making up for lost time and this was the first holiday I had taken with the lads .
tr	O	凯加入了他们，并且他们的剑一起指向共同的敌人。
tr	O	我状态正佳，而且没有人能阻止我。
tr	I	Their barbaric nature makes them the most dangerous enemies that we have ever come across and they have no conscious .
tr	O	门在她手里猛地一动，并且迪米特里的笑容变得更加得意。
tr	I	She sits up with a start and Lisa Everett 's eyes flash open .
tr	I	I wondered sometimes , with a few of them , but I never asked any of them what they visualized .
tr	O	他眼中星光闪烁，并且他的双臂张开。
tr	I	She didn 't have to torch his Excursion , but he might have slanted his stories a bit .
tr	O	那有点夸张，因为我实际上确实得去找一个...，但是我第一次尝试就对了。
tr	I	The room looked amazing , and they 'd worked hard .
tr	I	I can 't afford to have it broken and as I said , it 's not a toy .
tr	O	有点痛，但是我经历过更糟的。
tr	I	She growled , and Molloy 's gaze narrowed .
tr	O	他的眼睛黯淡下来，并且他伸手去握她的手。
tr	O	我估计她快五十岁了，并且岁月对她而言很艰难。
tr	I	Jason wasn 't even struggling to get free , and Truth was , Hope had him wrapped around her little finger .
tr	I	Austin was fine with that , and they didn 't talk for the rest of the day .
tr	I	He 's pretty savvy , and he 's twelve also .
tr	O	她表现得有点过于轻浮了，而且我不确定我是否喜欢这样。
tr	I	He jumped out into traffic and just a few steps more .
tr	O	那是一个问题，但是他没有回答。
tr	I	It was obvious that the train station was the town 's center , and the streets arched away from the platform like sunrays .
tr	I	We saved for years when we both worked so we could buy them when we retired , but these were luxuries .
tr	O	我向右挥去，但是他跳开了，所以它把小桌子劈成了两半。
tr	O	我在流汗，而且我的眼睛灼痛。
tr	O	你踩到了他的背上，并且你把他从睡梦中吵醒了。
tr	O	女人已经知道了，而且男人其实不需要知道。
tr	O	海伦试图抽回，但是他没有放手。
tr	O	她仍然对和玛吉谈论这一切感到紧张，但是有后援她肯定会感觉更好。
tr	O	它不应该对我打击这么大，但是它确实如此。
tr	O	他可能会很震惊，但是他并没有失望。
tr	I	I know that it is because of you and I feel more normal today than I have since I woke up .
tr	I	Then made a big show of rattling the doorknob to let them know I was home , and I backed down the hall silently .
tr	O	我不能确切地告诉你发生了什么，但是我就在街上把它弄丢了。
tr	O	她的声音很轻，但是贯穿其中的鄙夷语气让他感到困惑。
tr	I	I notice that his hands have a slight tremble to them and he exhales loudly .
tr	O	艾娃伸手去抓他的手，但是他在接触完成前就移开了。
tr	O	它愈合得很好，并且到目前为止我没有感觉到任何东西在我的皮肤下爬行试图控制我。
tr	I	Her stance caused Jake to pause and Tasha had steel in her voice .
tr	I	The rest is forgotten , but I 'll always remember that , Jane .
tr	I	She continued to look at me and I blinked a few more times .
tr	I	Both of them continued to eat , and Lea tried to assure Julie with a smile , which worked .
tr	I	She quickly wiped them away and tears rolled down her cheeks .
tr	O	我也像这个村庄和所有人一样，他们把我当作名人，是像偶尔的访客，像我这样的局外人。
tr	O	没有人在那里，但是门铃第二次响动促使我采取了行动。
tr	I	Tears were rolling down her cheeks , and she was sweating .
tr	O	她总是在寻找完美的服装，并且她的房间那一侧很少整洁。
tr	O	也许有什么东西能让贾克斯明白，但是这不是。
tr	I	It was too dark to tell for sure , but she strained to see if it was Jason .
tr	O	他以前从未有女人怕过他，并且他不喜欢这样。
tr	O	现在发生了一些不同的事，并且她不喜欢。
tr	O	电池可能没电了，但是值得一试。
tr	I	Kevin was asleep and the silence told her she 'd stalled long enough .
tr	O	这不是怜悯，但是这是悲伤。
tr	I	I hoped her change of heart didn 't have anything to do with her midday rendezvous , but I liked this new Nina .
tr	I	She could tel it instantly stopped before going farther in , but she heard the wyvern slither into the cavern .
tr	O	他们的腿缠在了一起，并且她被有效地困住了。
tr	O	他的整张脸都亮了起来，并且一道光芒似乎几乎从他身上散发出来。
tr	I	The windows were open , allowing ample light in , but the lights were off .
tr	I	They no longer walked among the living , but having won that battle , they had walked off the killing field .
tr	I	I need you close right now and you 'll go crazy .
tr	O	他本可以在几秒钟内到达底部，但是他却退了回去，监视着艾琳。
tr	I	Timberlake needed this role reinforcement , but Bickel was fretting to get back to his work .
tr	O	马修向她点了点头，仿佛试图表示同意，但是他的举止中没有丝毫的信念。
tr	I	I couldn 't help myself , but I knew it was wrong .
tr	I	I do not expect it , but I want it .
tr	I	She offered no family name , but he waited for the rest .
tr	I	His big hands had no other hands to grip and when he opened his eyes , there was no warm sun .
tr	I	I figured it wouldn 't hurt to ask , but I didn 't think they would let me .
tr	I	I smile at the ridiculousness of it and he smiles .
tr	O	戴蒙笑了，并且我叹了口气。
tr	I	The others seemed a little restless , but I didn 't mind the dark .
tr	I	He hasn 't returned , but my brother went on a hunt to bring back the pelt of one .
tr	O	感觉它有一英里长，并且他每拉扯一寸，我都能感觉到。
tr	I	It 's obvious you 're new here , too and I noticed you in class today .
tr	I	I have to be sure the right color arrived and they were waiting on the paint when I left .
tr	I	Then as we got older , there were raves , too , and there have been camping nights .
tr	O	手铐从我的手腕上滑落了，并且我几乎为此而哭泣。
tr	I	He backed away , and Shane inclined his head .
tr	I	Jackson began to squirm , and he pulsed it again .
tr	O	我努力放松自己，融入大家，鼓起勇气接近他，并且我变成了另一个鲁莽的醉酒女孩。
tr	I	It still smells of paint but the house is actually finished .
tr	I	It was out of order too but I tried to use the payphone .
tr	I	She realized Tess must have deliberately let Sam 's serving cool off , and that soup was hot .
tr	I	A buzz droned in her ear , and whoever it was had apparently just hung up .
tr	O	枪手并没有立刻察觉到，但是那个男孩却立刻就知道了。
tr	O	他本想告诉她那件事，但是时机却似乎总是不对。
tr	O	她必须始终保持头脑清醒，思绪敏捷。
tr	I	Rick ordered a bottle of white wine and they took a table by the window .
tr	I	He was grateful , but he didn 't know what he 'd done to earn it .
tr	O	我以前从未见过像她那样的人，并且应该很容易就能发现那种独特的光芒。
tr	O	埃德把他在游戏中的位置让给了她，但是她不得不拒绝。
tr	O	我不明白，但是我知道我惹他生气了。
tr	I	I nod and he mouths .
tr	O	查理的车窗摇了下来，并且他的手里握着他的配枪。
tr	I	That doesn 't mean anything , but all of them have been .
tr	O	回家的路很长，并且凯迪拉克驾驶室里的空气弥漫着紧张。
tr	I	Douglas took advantage and her arm failed .
tr	I	He was glad of it , distantly , and very little thought now was required .
tr	I	I don 't think he relishes uncertainty -- but your older brother knows how to face danger , sure .
tr	O	卡尔走向托比，但是他没有动。
tr	I	They had the knowledge and we had the money .
tr	O	亚历克斯不能因为拥有小型毛茸茸林地生物的新陈代谢而被责备，但是他可以控制自己在哪里进食。
tr	O	一阵风吹散了天空中的一些黑色，并且我可以看到一朵巨大的云笼罩在纳罗斯海峡上空。
tr	I	I pushed it aside , but I sobered as an unwelcome thought invaded my happiness .
tr	I	I placed mine in his and he held out his hand .
tr	I	He couldn 't help it , but he knew it was wrong .
tr	O	电话响了，并且她甚至懒得去看呼叫者ID。
tr	O	我妈妈敲了敲我的门，并且门滑开了。
tr	I	She holds my shuddering body tight against hers and I bury my face in Alex 's chest .
tr	I	She clearly wanted more , and they cut her off at one glass .
tr	I	His hands explored her back , moving along the slender slope of her spine and he pulled her onto his lap .
tr	O	今天早上她觉得自己的未来已经坠入黑洞，但是那不是真的。
tr	I	She kept her arms down in an undefended position , but she rolled her eyes .
tr	I	The crescent moon rose , and the stars came out .
tr	I	She saw that her hands still shook , but looking at the patterns helped restore her .
tr	O	我试着对他说早上好，并且他假装没听到我。
tr	O	他让她先进去，但是他紧跟在她身后。
tr	I	The power signatures weren 't close , but both held a great deal of power .
tr	I	I slipped to the bed and Stefan arms went limp .
tr	I	They were closer than before , but again the growls filled the distance .
tr	O	他正在给她一些无价的东西，并且那不是他做爱时的狂喜。
tr	O	我低语着，并且他眨了眨眼。
tr	I	That had never gotten Jessa down , but they were the definition of poor .
tr	I	The laughter died on her lips , and her gut clenched at the word .
tr	I	I couldn 't exactly approach him directly but it seemed the best way to learn more of Ray 's crime would be to investigate Horton .
tr	I	Everything inside Cara warmed at the sight , and he 'd enveloped Mike in complete acceptance .
tr	O	它的商店当晚都关门了，但是偶尔会有守卫巡逻街道。
tr	O	我也不是真的很确定那是最好的选择，但是这可能是我们唯一的选择。
tr	I	He was gone and the stairwell door slammed shut again .
tr	O	那是一只巧克力拉布拉多犬，并且他轻轻地递给了瑞。
tr	O	罗伯特很感谢他们的关心，但是他希望他们能让他一个人待着。
tr	O	他们只是不习惯自己思考，或者他们只习惯考虑自己。
tr	O	这不是她第一次在男人问题上失算，但是这次似乎比以往任何时候都更重要。
tr	I	She stayed on the line this time , but Cameron waited for her to hang up .
tr	O	如果你吓到他，他可能会睡不好，并且如果他睡不着，他就不会做梦。
tr	I	They did some handshake things and Kyle 's hand met his .
tr	O	他咬紧了牙关，并且疼痛再次发作。
tr	I	The front room was a spacious living room and a kitchenette was off to one side right inside the door .
tr	O	你依然选择了这样做，但是你绝不能干涉。
tr	O	门已经开了，并且迈克走了进去。
tr	O	我听到贾克斯站了起来，并且我转身看他。
tr	I	She was searching for the truth with her mind , but Mrs. Dawson might not be asking one question with her lips .
tr	O	她看起来没有慌乱，但是她是个好演员。
tr	O	他需要喘口气，并且他确信丽莎也有同感。
tr	O	纱门关着，但是前门仍然开着。
tr	I	I almost fell to my knees at the powerful impression and a deep , punching sensation washed over my entire body .
tr	O	迈克走了过去，但是在他还没走到他们身边时，一阵枪声传到了他的耳边。
tr	O	我一直在警队里，并且我跟踪格林很多年了。
tr	O	他约她出去约会了，并且她想和他一起度过那个晚上。
tr	O	他领我穿过房间走到窗边，并且我向下看到了宅邸后面的场地。
tr	I	Her mouth dropped open , and a thought struck her .
tr	I	I was disappointed to see her shake her head and I asked Shade , hoping she had some explanation .
tr	I	She knew the beast 's claws had ripped into his skin , and Derek 's hiss fil ed Kylie 's ears .
tr	I	She started to shake her head no and her lashes lifted .
tr	I	The twin bed was still covered with a red chenille bedspread , and the walls were still decorated with faded blue race car wallpaper .
tr	O	你在墓地向我开枪了，并且我不得不相信那就是你自己，对吗？
tr	O	在正常情况下，我本会同意他的，但是现在我只关心洗澡。
tr	I	He looks like he 's been loving every moment , and he 's been in the wars since we parted .
tr	I	Even then , my storm magic had kept most of them at bay , but the closest had been when I freed the monarchs .
tr	O	金发女郎的表情没有改变，但是基拉没有让那阻止她。
tr	I	I could tell by her tone that she wasn 't sightseeing , but there was nothing quite as beautiful as Capitola in the spring .
tr	O	维多利亚曾喜爱她的“声音巫术”，但是她已经放弃了。
tr	I	I liked it better that way , but I know how weird that is .
tr	O	伊薇特乘坐了乘客可以10人并排坐的电梯，并且当她到达第一层时，他已经超过了她。
tr	O	你知道，并且我知道。
tr	I	She figured she 'd better get her aim right , but Andra wasn 't exactly sure how to do that .
tr	I	I 'll make sure you take your proper place in history among the all-time greats , and you come wrestle for me .
tr	O	漫长的几分钟后，最后一位客人被迎接了，并且我们可以离开了。
tr	O	他看起来确实很为我骄傲，并且这也让我为自己感到骄傲。
tr	I	They sunk to the bottom and perhaps their anti-gravity mechanism failed .
tr	O	这只会让我分心，并且我们真的需要谈谈。
tr	O	作为逃亡者，他们找到了彼此，或者在被囚禁中他们被培育出来。
tr	I	Lying was lying , but sure , it was to protect them .
tr	O	法式窗户猛地向内爆开，并且房间里突然涌入了身穿黑色战斗服的暗影猎人。
tr	I	I didn 't I just followed them , but he waited for me to say something .
tr	O	阿拉娜在他身上颤抖，并且她湿润的睫毛低垂下来。
tr	I	Information took time , and that was always the way .
tr	O	侧面的大门是开着的，并且她溜了进去。
tr	O	食物美味极了，而且我吃了三个成年男子的量。
tr	I	Gloria had responded , although it had all seemed rather forced and a number of times in the past Corrie had hugged her .
tr	O	我们会回家，并且我会永远抱着他！
tr	O	这只是一个新想法，而且牧场主不喜欢新想法。
tr	O	乔安娜又按了一个按钮，但是警报器却依然轰鸣。
tr	I	A smile broke out on her face and she seemed surprised I could see her .
tr	I	I had a bunch of people at Juilliard who agreed with me , and nobody was going to stand in my way .
tr	I	Without a mirror , I 'd never see it , and they could have already cast a hex on me .
tr	I	He flagged her down , and a waitress walked by .
tr	I	It was a tall order , but it was all that remained .
tr	I	I didn 't bother trying , and I couldn 't stop them .
tr	O	维恩听说过这种金属，但是她却从未真正见过。
tr	O	我知道这毫无意义，但是我感觉自己又能呼吸了。
tr	O	随着歌曲进入高潮，她的头开始摇摆，而且当她的头发掠过新漆的画框时，他笑了。
tr	I	Real life had consequences , and this was real life .
tr	O	克里斯也看到了莎拉，并且他的笑容变得邪恶起来。
tr	O	寂静包围着我们，而且我不用问就知道他是在等我把话说回去。
tr	I	She doesn 't care , but it goes straight to his voicemail .
tr	I	I raised them looking at the sea , and when he left , Laurence returned his attention to me , looking straight into my eyes .
tr	O	我向前迈了一步，走向迈克尔，走向迪恩，但是洛克探员对我挥舞她的枪。
tr	O	我们才刚订婚，而且她就已经想让我选婚纱了。
tr	O	它瞬间变得通红炽热，比任何事物都更让我吃惊，而且我踉跄着后退。
tr	O	她听起来非常自信，尽管她颤抖着，而且他喜欢她这一点。
tr	O	她似乎受伤了，并且她的魅力也闪烁不定。
tr	I	His reasoning was sound , as far as it went , but I wanted to argue .
tr	O	她知道菲奥娜不喜欢看到她生气，但是她也无法控制。
tr	I	I groaned in exasperation , and the flush heated up .
tr	O	他大声宣布，那个逃跑的农民确实属于第一位贵族，但是他的孩子们将留在第二位贵族身边。
tr	O	一道阴影落在床上，并且她自己的心猛烈地跳动，痛得她受不了。
tr	O	他飞快地瞥了一眼克劳迪娅，她的姿态变得柔和了，并且她心不在焉地咬着嘴唇，脸上带着怜悯的神情。
tr	I	I still needed to use a fair amount of strength to get her to stand , but she was only about seven years older than I was .
tr	O	有些长得很快，而有些则不然。
tr	O	惠蒂尔已经在州立医院住了十年了，并且他在此期间曾残忍地袭击了几名护理人员。
tr	I	Other times just tells it like it is ; and Momma sometimes implies things I think I understand .
tr	O	只有一格燃料显示着，并且它正在闪烁。
tr	I	It was the cleanest room so far , but in Isaac 's bedroom , toys were strewn in every direction .
tr	O	她试图挣脱，但是他没有放手。
tr	O	河里的任何东西都是安全的，并且少数逃脱的小船被忽略了。
tr	O	我迅速跑进屋内，告诉她我们要走了，并且我回到卡车上准备出发了。
tr	O	艾莉亚靠在他身上放松下来，但是她的身体里仍然残留着一丝紧张。
tr	O	响了一枪，并且又一声，然后又一声。
tr	O	我想过通过朝他胡说八道来验证这个理论，但是用肩膀撞他的肚子更有意义。
tr	I	She knew it was all in good humor , but his tone was sarcastic .
tr	I	He fell back against the wall , sickened by himself , by all of it and Simon 's stomach lurched again .
tr	I	Silk is fighting , and we 're alive .
tr	I	Helen glanced sharply at the woman as she straightened from feeding the fire , and he bellowed .
tr	O	我对你做了这件事，而且我余生都会为我做了这件事而高兴。
tr	I	She walked over to take our order and a waitress was on duty .
tr	O	埃里克发动了他的摩托车，等待杰斯坐到他身后，并且他们骑走了。
tr	O	你遭遇了一场事故，并且你做了一些急诊手术。
tr	I	That was all it was , but it was good melodrama .
tr	I	The back portion was clear glass , and it was attached to the outside of the spire .
tr	I	I can sequester the jury , or I can declare a mistrial .
tr	O	我的手臂环住了她的腰，并且我把下巴搁在她的头顶。
tr	O	奥龙看到了他的眼睛，并且它们看起来精疲力尽。
tr	O	他把它递给我，并且我慢慢地打开它，想要品味这份惊喜。
tr	I	I thought I could pull that much off , but there wasn 't much else I could do .
tr	O	我无法分辨，并且我不想待在那儿去弄明白。
tr	I	Several times she had secretly taken it out to admire it , and she kept it in a pouch next to her sleeping mat .
tr	O	他与开始悄悄袭来的绝望感作斗争，但是它们势不可挡。
tr	I	His breath caresses my cheeks and his pupils are huge .
tr	I	Friday nights were always busy , and it was a Friday night .
tr	I	The muscle in his jaw flexed , and Kevin 's nostrils flared .
tr	I	I was landing on a bed of jagged rocks and I felt like a rug had just been pulled out from underneath me .
tr	O	我踢向他，但是他抓住了我的脚趾。
tr	I	Manhattan made me feel like a country hick , but I had grown up in New York City .
tr	I	I brought my knees up to rest my chin on , nothing going properly and he walked back into his room .
tr	O	她看不清东西，并且她的腿几乎站不住了。
tr	I	She was still quaking inside , but Noelle 's pulse had slowed .
tr	I	They did little to illuminate the room , and only a couple of emergency lights were on .
tr	I	His eyes widened in horror as he saw her draw it across her skin and she was holding the blade against her left wrist .
tr	O	我告诉她我会的，并且我坐公交车去了警察局。
tr	I	He can 't seem to figure out what he wants to say , but his mouth opens .
tr	O	今天是我向她求婚的日子，并且我紧张得不得了。
tr	O	她帮我走出了失去家人的悲痛，并且她帮我克服了我的恐惧。
tr	I	He hadn 't come to drag her outside , and she hadn 't gone for their run this morning .
tr	O	他脸色发青，并且他走起路来好像很痛。
tr	I	He had a little pride , but Campbell wasn 't exactly Mr. Responsible himself .
tr	O	我已经看完了整个系列，并且我还是没有头绪。
tr	I	It didn 't make sense , but the fact that Seth had gotten Hermes to swoop in ticked me off .
tr	I	He did it , but it took hours .
tr	I	If her life made her unhappy , she 'd change it and she was a big girl .
tr	I	It 's been ten days , but I get it .
tr	I	He 'd hurt her , but too late , he 'd pulled back .
tr	I	I wanted it to be Marshall and I needed to get a release .
tr	O	Shane首先撞开了防火门，触发了另一个警报，并且他们跑下了另一段混凝土台阶。
tr	I	He could never reach them , yet the depths of her nature roiled with currents he longed to explore .
tr	I	She doesn 't have enough grit in her to say boo to a goose but she 's a nice enough woman .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but it should have been a good dream .
tr	O	你可以认为我无礼，但是我不打算邀请他们进来。
tr	O	你帮助同族并非出于忠诚，而且你做这事也并非出于对我们事业的信仰。
tr	O	我瞥了一眼梅，但是她依然一动不动，像个雕塑。
tr	I	Something struck him as off about this , but he didn 't want to look like an idiot in front of Ethan .
tr	I	She ignored it , but the thought sent a little shiver of awareness down her spine .
tr	O	我不想扫她的兴，而且我想反正和莫莉聊聊也挺好的。
tr	I	It probably isn 't helping that I can 't stop smiling , either and I fail miserably at sounding serious .
tr	O	达拉带着挑衅的眼神看着她，但是艾莉诺坚定不移的目光下，他萎靡了。
tr	O	那只是高中，并且很快就会结束。
tr	O	那是垃圾，但是那是由一位专家烹制的。
tr	O	她感到子弹射入她身体侧面的灼痛，并且她倒在了地上。
tr	I	I agreed when the hairdresser suggested layers , but I didn 't get much length cut off .
tr	I	The excuses being made for his absence rang false , and the boy wasn 't even here .
tr	O	霍尔德在我前方几英尺，并且当他推开门时，门在他身后又关上了。
tr	I	I laid down , my front to hers and she gave in to me .
tr	O	一丝潜在的嫉妒紧紧地攫住了她，但是她设法微笑着挺了过去。
tr	O	直到有一天发生了什么... 那个可怕的最后一天... 闪光消失了，并且珍妮很高兴。
tr	O	他们大喊大叫，并且身体砰地一声撞在一起。
tr	I	She knew she was of no use to him now , but Noelle hated to leave him alone .
tr	I	I have to drop in here as well ... but in fact , my occupation is a little different .
tr	I	He probably has no more than twenty minutes of reading and I have twenty years of experience !
tr	I	He immediately realizes that touching me was a mistake , and I jerk back .
tr	O	她的脸颊发烫了，并且她看向别处。
tr	O	我和Cactus打了个赌，并且我想看看谁赢。
tr	O	我试着移动我的手，但是却做不到。
tr	O	他爱马就像爱飞机一样，并且从那时起他一直在谈论着要学打马球。
tr	O	白天渐渐地变成了夜晚，并且空气中弥漫着寒意。
tr	O	这最新的胡闹已经超出了她的忍受极限，并且她不打算再忍受Andrew的任何废话了。
tr	I	She did not want to be with a man who thought he owed her , but yes , she wanted something different .
tr	O	她在他的怀里扭动着，并且这次他允许她落回地上。
tr	O	妈妈把Milo放在我的怀里，并且他依偎在我身上，非常合身。
tr	I	Pushing her h * ps backward to open herself to him and tess shivered above him , widening her knees .
tr	I	The whole palace examined for more tunnels that could house potential ambushes and the hole in my room needed to be resealed .
tr	O	他也不信任埃里克关于那些房子的事，但是当格雷厄姆是领导者时，那就不重要了。
tr	O	当然，她一直称自己是残疾人，但是那是不一样的。
tr	O	绝望攫住了他的心，但是即便如此，他仍感到一股更重要的冲动要为她而战。
tr	I	I started picking at the sleeve of my T-shirt , and he was quiet for a moment .
tr	O	如果他打了911，他们会把她带走，但是他们也会追捕她的父亲。
tr	I	He couldn 't undo all the damage in one night , but it made him angry .
tr	O	我陷入了深度抑郁，并且自杀是我能想到的唯一逃脱方式。
tr	I	Her palms moistened and her mouth dried .
tr	I	The goal here was to impress , but I didn 't look half bad .
tr	O	我转身去看我的朋友是否需要什么，但是他们已经走了。
tr	I	Once there , Ryan asked to see his uncle , and they made their way to a bank of private elevators that led to the office level .
tr	O	你很可悲，并且你永远不会有任何改变。
tr	I	Julie was too dazed to take notice , but normally his words would have hurt her .
tr	I	It often made things worse but I tried to ignore them .
tr	I	I 'd also told my mom what was going on , but yeah , I 'd wanted to know her secret .
tr	O	它像新铺油的路上雨水那样泛着光泽，并且我想象它很滑，当自己向它猛冲过去时。
tr	I	I realized I probably didn 't control my heartbeat , and even the gagging at the back of my throat was fading .
tr	O	Mia 不会回来了，并且他需要接受这个事实。
tr	I	She shoved her fist in her mouth to cover it and she let out a sob .
tr	O	接着有力的双手抓住了她，以造成淤青的力道紧抓着她的肋骨，并且她被一股强大的力量猛地向上推去。
tr	I	There was a little coffeepot in the room , and I always carry powdered hot chocolate with me .
tr	I	Still , he was pleased , but Hunter wasn 't surprised she 'd already heard .
tr	I	I was tired of driving , too and Jacob was not happy about it .
tr	I	He had no idea what it was , but something had happened .
tr	I	I turned to find Jackson rushing toward me , and the door burst open .
tr	O	拿取已有的事物并将其转化为别的东西。
tr	I	People with money are not starving , but supplies are low .
tr	I	A hoodie pulled over her head and she has her pajama bottoms on .
tr	I	My lips felt the heat of his , and our noses sat next to each other .
tr	I	He knew the coin could be worth thousands , maybe even a lot more , but Eddie wasn 't a coin expert .
tr	O	蛇介入了我们之间，并且我忍住了翻白眼的冲动。
tr	I	None of us were wet and we were all underwater .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to argue with me , and I was staying in her room tonight .
tr	O	唯一的问题是我早些时候和一个陌生男人打了一架，并且他似乎把我的水晶弄坏了。
tr	O	我根本无法隐藏它，并且他们接受了它的本来面目。
tr	O	她穿着黑色衣服，很难看出来，但是布料似乎因潮湿而紧贴着她的身体。
tr	O	约翰开始帮我，但是我已站稳了。
tr	I	It hurt , but Aiden smiled .
tr	O	气温持续上升，并且大卫后悔没有戴帽子。
tr	I	I still love him more each day , and it was ten years ago since his death .
tr	O	他的母亲说他得了某种胃病，并且他正在呕吐。
tr	I	I didn 't want to make a big deal of it and it wasn 't a big deal .
tr	I	There was absolutely no way she was going to get pregnant , and she wasn 't going to be tied to a man she despised .
tr	I	She tightened her inner muscles around him , wanting to imprint herself on him too , and just as she knew she 'd never forget this moment .
tr	O	他必须把这件事做好，但是他不想再等太久。
tr	I	There was no signal , but I scanned the screen .
tr	I	My body went solid right along with them and my lungs seized .
tr	O	小鸡给所有的母鸡都起了名字，并且没有人能告诉她什么时候有哪只被抓去做了周日午餐。
tr	I	I blinked back tears and my throat felt thick .
tr	O	伊莱克特拉小心翼翼地俯身靠近他的嘴唇，但是一场突如其来的大雨倾盆而下，以至于她尖叫起来。
tr	O	他知道杰森逃脱俘虏的机会渺茫，并且士兵们很可能会毫不耽搁地杀了他。
tr	O	几分钟过去了，并且保罗保持沉默，不敢动弹，生怕破坏她的专注。
tr	O	他们向前猛冲，并且我向后退了一步。
tr	O	四张脸变得僵硬，并且我意识到我找到了一个漏洞。
tr	O	他眨了眨眼，但是一切仍然模糊不清。
tr	O	他希望她能多说一些，但是她没有别的可说了。
tr	I	I felt my eyes fill up with tears , and that one made me lose it .
tr	I	They 've been shown around the compound and they rested the first day .
tr	O	通常我周围的烦躁会令人难以忍受，但是补觉似乎有所帮助。
tr	I	They got on and the train came .
tr	O	沃尔夫的房子没有窗户，并且当我们走到门口时，没有车在视线内。
tr	O	他去了五楼的病房，但是另一名垂死的病人现在占用了希拉的病床。
tr	O	她没有评论，并且我想知道我是否犯了错误。
tr	O	狱卒在他身后拉上门，并且汤姆听到了钥匙在锁孔里转动的声音。
tr	O	伯爵的下巴绷紧了，并且他的嘴唇紧抿，压抑着他想说的话。
tr	I	It is the same color but he 's got longer hair .
tr	I	Jordan wanted that , too and Alix hoped to get pregnant soon .
tr	I	Seeing his work revealed another side to him , but I 'd known he was an art major .
tr	O	亚当摸了摸我的头发，并且我才意识到它几乎垂到我的后背了。
tr	O	我悄悄经过的每个房间，我都瞥了一眼，但是所有的办公室都漆黑一片。
tr	O	泪水灼痛了她的眼眶，并且她把额头靠在他的胸膛上。
tr	I	I ended up standing around by myself , and he ran into a few more friends .
tr	I	She did and I suggested .
tr	O	你获得了主导型变形者的完全信任，并且每个人都会想接近你。
tr	O	奶酪尚未凝固，但是召开会议的时机已到。
tr	O	我知道这会很缓慢，但是我们不能就这样坐着不动。
tr	O	我试图低下头，但是他不肯让我。
tr	I	In their place a glass coffin rested on a raised platform , and the thrones were gone .
tr	O	简的直觉更有成效，并且她抓起一个凳子砸开了窗户。
tr	O	这是一个自私的决定，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	It wasn 't as if he had a choice , but to teach it , he 'd have to leave his protected position .
tr	I	He did not comment upon it , but Winston detected a tone of bitterness in the master 's voice that he 'd never heard before .
tr	O	一个人死了，并且一个我们可能认识的人杀了他。
tr	O	当地报纸曾发表了许多关于他的报道，并且教堂本身。
tr	O	三个年轻人互相环顾着，并且塔维能感觉到自己腹中的颤抖的紧张反映在他朋友们的眼中。
tr	O	这种可能性吸引了她，并且她不得不抑制住询问的冲动。
tr	I	I held in a sigh and Lucky smiled back at him .
tr	O	费德将我们的手指交织在一起，并且我记得那个姿态曾需要一次思考上的停顿。
tr	O	他慢慢地说出这些话，给了她充足的机会插话并说不，只是再待一会儿。
tr	O	她知道特里不希望她不喝酒就睡觉，但是如果食物都吃不下去，那么伏特加也喝不下去。
tr	O	他的眼睛亮了起来，并且他尝到味道后像个孩子一样咧嘴笑了。
tr	O	他们没有任何其他地方可去，就来到我这里了，并且亚历山德拉夫人让他们留了下来。
tr	O	芬恩跌跌撞撞地走出房间，并且在她摔倒前抓住了他。
tr	O	他们回敬了他的手势，并且他带着强颜欢笑，稳步离开了他们。
tr	I	She could feel his tension , but she could no longer see his face .
tr	I	I love you guys , and I love my sister .
tr	I	I wondered what was eating him , and the plainclothes cop didn 't respond .
tr	O	他的目光透过彩色玻璃与我的相遇，并且他的笑容是悲伤的。
tr	O	她僵住了，并且西蒙大喊起来。
tr	I	The other was east of northeast and one was north of northeast .
tr	O	我只需要一些毛巾，并且我够不到它们。
tr	O	好了，这让我胃部收紧，但是我也不会因此而死。
tr	O	她清新诱人的香气从她身上飘来，并且他像一个缺氧的人一样吸着它，渴望着她的芬芳。
tr	O	这只是个小小的才能，但是我们利用我们所拥有的一切。
tr	O	很快每个垫子都满了，但是房间依然一片寂静，就像大教堂内部一样。
tr	O	是的，他似乎瘦了，但是那不是件好事吗，对吧？
tr	O	亲爱的，你没有任何计划就下去那里，并且你正在走向一个死亡陷阱。
tr	O	他的呼吸变得不那么吃力了，并且他脸上的肌肉也放松了。
tr	O	他的眼睛闪烁了一下，并且他接着转过身去。
tr	O	我们组装了一条生产线，并且装满甜点的托盘很快就送出去了。
tr	O	布兰达也对这门手艺感兴趣，但是她没有你那样的天赋。
tr	I	She kept moving with the rest of them , but Anna 's heart felt like it was going to burst out her chest .
tr	O	他对此表示怀疑，但是他仍在倾听。
tr	I	Everything had been fine and we had been right there together .
tr	O	他小心翼翼地选择了他的措辞，并且我很感动。
tr	O	清新的空气本该让她放松神经，但是今早不知为何她却心神不宁。
tr	I	He would be bound to it throughout eternity and he 'd made the deal .
tr	O	她不确定自己身在何处，但是这总比待在学校好。
tr	O	这是罗文，并且这是斯蒂芬妮。
tr	O	保持那扇门开着，并且不要把它紧紧关上。
tr	O	在某种程度上，他们看起来像人，但是他们绝对不像人那样思考。
tr	I	I jerked my head up when the door suddenly flew open , and Impatience shuffled my feet .
tr	I	He fell to his knees and the priest 's eyes flickered .
tr	I	They don 't even have a computer , and the Reed family is poor .
tr	I	I didn 't know for sure , but I thought it might be Daryl .
tr	I	He punched me again , and I kicked at him .
tr	O	外面传来一阵脚步声，并且哈利的声音打断了他的思绪。
tr	O	一小时过去了，并且我们仍在等待。
tr	I	To make sure I didn 't , but I 'd kept this a secret not to hurt him .
tr	O	他走在一条漆黑的街道上，寻找猎物，并且他会看到她，一个留着长金发的女人。
tr	I	The film was 16mm , but the fourth room was similar .
tr	I	He had , up until last week , and Jimmy had promised to stay in touch .
tr	I	It wasn 't blocked so she answered it , but it was a number she didn 't recognize .
tr	O	他的一切突然让她紧张起来，并且她不知道该如何应对。
tr	I	The senses were almost numbing and all her bones were aching badly .
tr	I	It gave me something to think about , but it was really just a hole in the ground .
tr	I	She was thinking hard about what to do but Emma looked terrified .
tr	I	They had locked him up in a cage and he was a man of action .
tr	O	如果他愿意，他真的可以变成另一个人，并且没有人会知道。
tr	I	Anywhere else as the men discussed some business deal they were currently working on , or she tried looking at the menu , out the window .
tr	O	每一个现实都遭受了苦难，并且恢复将需要数年时间。
tr	I	I know they ended up leaving each other bruised , but I 've never quite gotten the whole story of what happened with these two .
tr	O	他们的工作令人印象深刻，并且她希望他们能在彼得离家出走前在她自己的房子里完成它。
tr	I	I know that I fall asleep before he does , but I 'm not sure how long he stays awake .
tr	I	He couldn 't quite put his finger on what it was , but there was something about her demeanor he didn 't trust .
tr	I	She would have demolished him or Nate had to soar away .
tr	O	现场一片紧张的寂静，并且她能感觉到凯恩的目光灼烧着她僵硬的侧脸。
tr	I	I just couldn 't put the girl through any more grief , and I could not think of a natural , painless way to ask again .
tr	I	She had been asked to serve on the city council and her business was booming .
tr	I	Karou 's body did not so much as twitch in response to the idea of leaving , and a moment passed in silence .
tr	O	明天是星期天，并且似乎每个人都出去和他们的心上人见面了。
tr	I	Her eyes were anxious , but her voice teased him .
tr	I	She felt as protected as a tortoise and she lifted the collar around her neck .
tr	I	He was planning to sneak me out of the house somehow , and he was lying to me about my granddad giving me permission .
tr	I	Kelly sat down and Daniel left .
tr	O	他知道箱子里的补给很重要，但是他首要的担忧是防止“漂流者号”沉入大西洋底部。
tr	I	The lights of the city felt far away and it was darker out here .
tr	O	她眨着眼，试图集中注意力，但是她的视力似乎受损了。
tr	I	She gaped in astonishment , and her gaze fell to his chest .
tr	O	她会为这个孩子而战至死，并且她会用她的最后一口气来安慰她。
tr	O	有大量的血，并且马格努斯右肋下有一处宽大的刀伤。
tr	O	蕾玛不介意，并且她利用这个机会观察他。
tr	I	It had the opposite effect , at least on her , but she 'd meant her touch to calm him .
tr	I	Even now I remembered the thrill of hearing his accent curl around my name that first time , and he had said it warmly .
tr	O	海伦笔直地坐在她的双人床边，并且在卡罗琳关上卧室门后，她坐在海伦旁边。
tr	I	He wanted to get anchored before it was completely dark and they had sailed most of the day to get here .
tr	I	We can take them out in one blow , but there are too many .
tr	I	She didn 't need him to be gentle and she didn 't want him to stop .
tr	I	She never kept it a secret that I was his father , but I still didn 't understand why Krista did what she did .
tr	O	我的眼睛一阵酸涩，并且我知道我快要哭了。
tr	O	他们湿透了，他们平时一丝不苟的头发被雨水弄得凌乱，但是他们咧嘴笑了，仿佛他们刚中了彩票。
tr	I	I love you , Sawyer ... and I don 't want to hold back being with someone I love .
tr	I	I push my way in and she opens the door wider .
tr	I	Obviously faking it as she walked toward the corner and she was overly cheerful .
tr	O	我被门边的木垫绊倒了，并且她在我一头栽下去之前抓住了我。
tr	I	Biology 212 was kicking my ass , but last semester 's Biology class had been a breeze .
tr	O	母亲知道这肯定和男生有关，但是她不打算说什么。
tr	I	I reluctantly returned it and Dad held his hand out for a high five .
tr	O	那个野蛮人把刀片从自己身上拔了出来，并且留下的伤口继续喷涌着鲜血。
tr	I	I needed some downtime , and that takes a toll , too .
tr	O	她把头侧向一边，并且一声微弱的呜咽从她喉咙里逸出。
tr	O	我点了点头，扫视着店面，但是卡塔琳娜非常高效。
tr	O	布兰登笑了，并且我呻吟了一声。
tr	I	They 'd fight for it and this was their home .
tr	I	She had already told someone to call 911 , but it would have been fine .
tr	O	德斯蒙德的眼睛睁大了，并且他看着凯莉，凯莉只是对另一个女人露出不屑的笑容。
tr	O	当我们走到树荫下时，那东西停止了嘶嘶作响，但是它仍然盖着毯子。
tr	I	He couldn 't leave the helm , but he 'd wanted to pursue her when she fled .
tr	O	他本应该把萨姆带回给我，但是他却在我的命令中找到了一个漏洞。
tr	I	Then I woke up with my whole back fused into one long , enormous muscle cramp , and I was out for maybe six hours .
tr	I	I didn 't like any of them , and there were a thousand words in that one wink .
tr	I	He came down on her once more and his hand stung .
tr	I	I wasn 't buying it without a reason and he wasn 't saying .
tr	I	I waited again , and that was right .
tr	O	他看起来非常严肃，但是我知道其背后还有更多东西。
tr	O	在大学里，我的大多数男性朋友都看过它们，但是我从来没有。
tr	O	他的姿态流露出了因她缺席而感到的失望，但是当我们告诉他她为了排球而错过时，他挺直了身体。
tr	I	I was fidgeting in my seat as we pulled up to the hotel and we 'd planned to meet at a Heston property in Rome .
tr	I	I accepted as I could not remember when I last had my fill , and he offered me some .
tr	O	我牵着他的手，并且我们走到了厨房。
tr	O	通过短信很难判断，但是我发誓她刚刚对我发火了。
tr	O	他指了指，但是我不傻到会靠近他去看。
tr	I	He hadn 't needed to but he 'd left a note .
tr	I	I knew instinctively that she felt exactly the same , and I knew I 'd never let Gem go again .
tr	I	Moments after the doctor arrived , the baby 's heart suddenly slowed , but there was a mad scramble as the room began to be readied .
tr	I	You can 't tell for the sadness , but he 's very handsome .
tr	O	我会搅动你的心，并且你会认识他们。
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , but I nearly went to the door .
tr	I	I walked back to where Clare stood in the kitchen , and we said our goodbyes .
tr	I	Now she was holding on to him for dear life , but Sabine didn 't even remember reaching for his hand .
tr	O	他和我们一起回到了船屋，那天晚上告诉了我们他的磨难。
tr	O	看起来他们是被打晕了或者别的什么，然后他们被袭击了。
tr	I	He sensed her instant dismay and she pulled back with a grimace .
tr	I	Coach deferred to the second half , but we won the coin toss .
tr	O	我们俩都有工作要做，并且现在发生性关系是愚蠢的。
tr	I	All of the police are gone and we 've taken pictures of everything .
tr	O	一个朋友给她找了一份在梦寐以求的优胜美地巡逻队的工作，并且这是重新开始的绝佳机会。
tr	O	我们违约了，并且我们再也不会在这个城镇被雇佣了。
tr	O	他一直保持着前倾的姿势，紧紧握着车把，但是自行车在他身下解体了。
tr	O	你们两个可以留在这里，而且我将立刻离开。
tr	I	Now she was standing in front her mirror , and she 'd been puttering around while getting dressed .
tr	O	我一直很有耐心，但是情况正在恶化。
tr	O	他的眼睛很暗淡，而且他的头发很长，垂到肩膀，只有一点点灰白，在他的祷告披肩下。
tr	O	我的实习结束了，而且我的评估附带了一份光彩的推荐信。
tr	O	门终于开了，而且两片药片进来了。
tr	O	她无法控制自己，偷偷舔了一下尖端，而且他们都因连接的冲击而僵住了。
tr	I	I 'm not quite sure why and I don 't say it back .
tr	I	There wasn 't a lake anywhere near his hometown , and he 'd grown up in Saskatchewan .
tr	I	She evidently entered the coffeehouse in the predawn hours and Sara 's car was in the back parking lot .
tr	O	我只想要我生命中没有戏剧性的一部分，而且我甚至得不到那部分。
tr	O	约翰说了些别的话，而且她也回了些话。
tr	I	I was hurt and my family had been slaughtered .
tr	I	The small window inside was open , and her dress was missing .
tr	I	Then , reasons usually were , but their reasons might be different .
tr	I	Large steel gears began rolling the blast doors out of the way , splitting down the middle , and Electric motors sounded .
tr	I	It unnerved her and the expression looked strange on such a big man .
tr	O	我很欣慰威尔没有觉得那些女人有吸引力，并且我为他处理奥利弗表达意见的方式感到自豪。
tr	I	He wasn 't the brightest banana in the bunch , if you know what I mean , but he was a nice guy .
tr	I	I really don 't feel like shedding anymore and I 've cried enough over the last few years .
tr	O	科林动了动，想继续他的咆哮，但是亚当举起手让他安静。
tr	I	I could tell that he was not pleased and Jonathan 's irritated voice caught me off guard .
tr	O	这意味着他能感觉到他的元素，但是任何时候他试图使用它们，他设下的模式就会反噬到他自己身上。
tr	O	弯曲的墙壁似乎无限延伸，但是我开始行走，沿着铁轨间一条被垃圾堵塞的迷你小溪。
tr	O	他想去看看她，但是周围有敌人，他不能。
tr	O	曼努埃尔开始向下游移动，但是他却不停地回头看。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我原以为我们一到达美国本土就会被释放。
tr	O	保罗用眼睛跟着我，并且他走到门边。
tr	O	艾欧娜没打算睡觉，但是她猛地惊醒，周围一片寂静，知道有人进了房间。
tr	O	我们展示出团结一致，并且他们就会退缩。
tr	I	His added agitation wasn 't helping his perspiration levels and Mat was sweating .
tr	O	有过三个彪形大汉，但是阿什顿勋爵不费吹灰之力就解决了他们。
tr	I	His impatience made the drive seem interminable , but they 'd only left the office fifteen minutes ago .
tr	O	他被女儿的话吓了一跳，但是他退后了，坐到了座位的最边缘。
tr	I	Her body gave a slight excited jump and Sabine 's eyes danced .
tr	O	西德尼的声音从前门轰鸣而出，并且我转向他时，他对我咧嘴一笑。
tr	I	He focused on his beer , but Steven smiled .
tr	O	我不害怕，但是却不喜欢离得这么近。
tr	O	绿点显示我们所在的位置，并且红点显示我要去报到的房间。
tr	O	他重新开始踱步，但是现在他的动作如同捕食动物一般。
tr	O	他的短裤没有遮掩他的兴奋，并且他把那份坚挺抵在我早已希望他所在的确切位置。
tr	I	He could not deny the profound fatigue he felt ; but he was older , stronger even , certainly wiser .
tr	I	Then , Dawn rarely smiled , but she didn 't smile .
tr	I	He told her , and she asked him .
tr	I	No one says anything , but some of the others look at me , as if scolding me for intruding .
tr	O	他的黑龙之躯闪烁着，并且他接着就消失了。
tr	O	警方不知道那件事，但是他知道。
tr	I	She 'd been taught reserve at far too young an age , but oh , she was an affectionate , adorable little girl .
tr	O	你吓到她了，但是你吓不到我。
tr	O	他用一个眼神提醒我，那个眼神示意可以纠正他，但是他正在给我一个退路。
tr	I	Jo quickly reached for her , but Anna gasped .
tr	I	He calls room his study , but he can barely talk to me .
tr	I	He wasn 't moving , but they had him on the couch now .
tr	O	当她到达时，门开了一道缝，并且她能看到他坐在那里，安静地在黑暗的房间里。
tr	O	剧院在布鲁克林市中心，并且他们很快就来到了一个交叉路口。
tr	O	“他一定又出去了，”我提议道，并且他试了试门。
tr	O	他察觉到她眼中涌出的泪水，并且他为她不喜欢而感到很糟糕。
tr	O	然后她开始说话，但是阿诺已经大声说起话来。
tr	O	我不想打扰她，但是这看起来不对劲。
tr	I	He gave the meat a vicious stir , dark eyes on Cassidy , and Diego 's voice was hard .
tr	I	I caught her before she could fall , and she stumbled .
tr	I	She cried out his name , and he plunged deeply inside her .
tr	I	Really I like testing my students all the time , but I guess you could say that .
tr	I	The ship rocked slightly , and there was another small splash .
tr	I	I was totally lulled by the gentleness of his touch , and I was hung over from the heat radiating from his body .
tr	I	I was sure I saw Emma wink , but Jack kept a straight face .
tr	O	兰德怒视着她，但是她只是善意地笑了笑。
tr	O	贝丝继续她的检查，当警报响起并且红灯又开始闪烁时。
tr	O	她可能是一个妓女，但是她不想要这个。
tr	I	I face front again , and my heart thumps hard .
tr	I	I slid down the wall next to him and he plopped onto the ground .
tr	I	A missile flew out of the barrel and there was a rush of burning air .
tr	I	Deep under their skin , they were always Lycan , but they had integrated into human society , looking civilized .
tr	O	我对每个人来说都是个麻烦，而且如果我一个人呆着会更好。
tr	O	我热情地加入了那群人，但是首先发生了一件相当意想不到的事情。
tr	I	She didn 't have time to contemplate the issue but it was just a reaction .
tr	I	I didn 't see it and maybe I got so panicked that it was right in front of me .
tr	I	It didn 't so much as blink , let alone open , but she swiped the dead merc 's keycard through the lock .
tr	O	我们军队中的许多人在这片战场上失去了朋友，并且他们让俘虏为此付出了代价。
tr	O	她可能不需要很多保护，但是毕竟，有些形象还是要维护的。
tr	O	也许泰格可以通过绕过狗腿弯角击球上果岭，但是他不是泰格·伍兹。
tr	O	我一生都在吸烟，并且那是我的责任。
tr	I	We didn 't know exactly where Jasmine was being held , but we 'd received some information on the castle 's layout .
tr	I	A second later I follow and Abby leaves .
tr	I	All he 'd ended up doing was torturing himself , but he 'd meant to tease her a little bit .
tr	O	约翰将枪指向敞开的门，并且谢尔顿走进了一个潮湿、黑暗的房间。
tr	O	他去取更深的碎屑时她猛地一颤，并且他托住了她的臀部。
tr	O	我拿走了那张纸条，并且我们约定好的金额就在上面，就在他的签名旁边。
tr	O	我无法证明任何事情，但是我需要尽早获得信任。
tr	O	他们很快就要分开了，但是她仍然很好奇。
tr	I	Scorch lost it , and her lip wobbled .
tr	I	Insulting Tiny just wasn 't on in her books , but it was bad enough she kept reading her thoughts .
tr	O	她又热又滑，并且他知道自己坚持不了多久。
tr	I	Me , acute anxiety firing in each jerky movement and her attention flitted between the house .
tr	O	奎恩的嘴角勾勒出一丝几乎察觉不到的微笑，并且他眼中的神色似乎也变得深沉。
tr	O	我曾是她的领袖，并且她曾是我的女孩。
tr	I	It never hurts to pay attention , but this baby is set to fly herself to our destination .
tr	O	这样我就会受苦……并且德雷克也会受苦。
tr	I	Stories were played of all the boxing greats , and interviews , taped matches .
tr	O	他们走了，并且就这样了。
tr	I	My body is restless , but I 'm not sure what time it is .
tr	I	Her body rippled with pleasure instead of fear , and he blew softy .
tr	O	特德想休息一下，但是他知道，除非他把狗们安置到他想要的地方，否则他不会满意。
tr	O	尽管她还在呼吸，她的眼睛紧闭，并且她一动不动。
tr	I	I hurried over to him and Aiden waved to me from the bow of a speed boat .
tr	O	我斥责自己做了明知会让我失望的事，并且毫无疑问，马歇尔根本不会在乎。
tr	I	Clung tightly to his skull and the skin on his face shriveled .
tr	I	I nearly lost my breath and bess placed her hands on my shoulder .
tr	O	在我康复期间他们定期来看望我，但是我们从未进行过任何严肃的谈话。
tr	I	Then he hadn 't really expected her to , but Marian hadn 't been taking the news well .
tr	I	The young girl was aware and there was a slight stirring .
tr	I	It would move on , and maybe if she played along , she 'd figure out what it needed .
tr	I	The rest of his body was bare , but someone had draped a sheet over his waist .
tr	I	The eyes disappeared , and he blinked a few times , shaking his head .
tr	O	我已经很久没有漫步其中了，并且也许我能发现一些新东西。
tr	I	Twenty minutes later , he was speeding down the A9 toward home and Traffic was light this early in the morning .
tr	I	It wasn 't bleeding anymore , but the area where Harrison had struck was a little tender .
tr	O	一切听起来都很美味，但是她知道她想尝尝那些披萨中的一个。
tr	O	我朝她的头扔了一个枕头，并且她笑着躲开了。
tr	O	我告诉他我会尖叫求救，并且他问谁会与他作对？
tr	O	黎明向他扑去，但是他感知到了她在哪里。
tr	O	迪米特里有麻烦了，并且她去找他了。
tr	O	我会告诉你他的名字，但是她从未提及。
tr	I	I called the library and I took her into the room Cecil .
tr	I	They were too well tied , but I dashed behind the Governor 's table desperately trying to free my wrists .
tr	I	Her eyes moistened again against her will , and Morgan looked at her daughter , so shocked by her own mother 's sudden appearance .
tr	O	那是永恒的开始，并且我们新生活的一切都不会轻松。
tr	O	这一次，我的胸部紧贴着他的胸膛，而且我能感受到他逐渐勃起的男性器官抵着我的腹部。
tr	O	她讨厌这条穿过洞穴的路线，因为它太狭窄了，但是现在这是最合理的选择。
tr	O	他的眼睛有能力迷惑我，让我被他的凝视所俘虏，而且它们确实如此。
tr	O	他打开了门，并且我们都滑了进去。
tr	I	He hadn 't realized until that moment he 'd even tensed them , and his shoulders relaxed .
tr	O	有一刻马修以为巴克斯会冒险，但是牛仔随即看了他一眼，似乎在权衡风险。
tr	I	For the second time since it had entered the barn , he saw it as weak , but Jason didn 't know .
tr	O	他们坐在长凳上，并且特德去握她的手。
tr	I	The cactus trees of the desert dotted the landscape and the lights of the city drifted behind .
tr	I	I can only hope that the speaker does not overindulge ; and I can only hope the reader recognizes : - Yes .
tr	I	Jessa beat me to it , but I opened my mouth to say something .
tr	O	他的话刺痛了她，并且她感到第一滴眼泪滚落脸颊。
tr	O	他的眼睛紧闭，并且他的头向天花板方向猛地一仰。
tr	I	Perhaps she was smart enough to take the director 's place , and if this worked out , the girl would have earned a bonus .
tr	I	His smile was kind and his voice was soft .
tr	I	With everything that had been happening , this was an important date , but I could always tell her I 'd be running a little late .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell him about the machine , not yet , but I wanted to ask Ralph for details .
tr	I	I release the reins , and her ear tips back at me .
tr	O	我朝着我房间的方向转过身，但是克劳迪娅还没完事。
tr	I	He had already taken her too far and she was painfully different from the others .
tr	O	厨房里堆满了盒装小雕像，并且卡西诺一直在勾勒T恤设计。
tr	O	我会给你一把枪，但是你必须把它藏好。
tr	I	He nodded , and Michael 's eyes darkened .
tr	I	The passenger window lowered with an automated hum , and a red Toyota 4Runner braked at the curb .
tr	I	She didn 't answer , but Della 's eyes widened .
tr	O	他冰冷的蓝眼睛看穿了她的妆容，并且他的棱角分明的下巴在他审视她时紧绷着。
tr	O	当他走近时，风吹拂着他短短的黑发，并且当他向她微笑时，他的眼角微微眯起。
tr	I	He caught my hand , but his chest rumbled with pleasure .
tr	O	马奇皱眉，并且约翰耸了耸肩。
tr	O	内裤也是纯粹的婴儿粉色，但是上面覆盖着一排排细小的黑色蕾丝褶边，像小女孩的内裤。
tr	O	她的声音低沉柔和，然而他察觉到一丝坚韧隐藏在其中。
tr	O	似乎男性比女性多，大约三比一的比例，但是所有人都全神贯注，表情严肃。
tr	O	男孩笑了，环顾四周，但是格雷看到了他眼中一丝恐惧的迹象，一种对陌生人的警惕。
tr	I	He was stunned to see her in this condition and she sat next to him .
tr	O	于1952年开始，并且一直持续到1988年。
tr	O	布丽埃尔的眼睛睁大了，并且她坐直了身子。
tr	I	Celaena ran over to the pocket , and a shriek of rage ripped from her throat .
tr	I	There is a gemstone in the middle and I am almost certain that this pendant is real gold .
tr	I	I 'd always thought that made me worse at meeting strangers , and my whole life had been spent in a small town .
tr	I	Despite the hammering in my chest , I felt a pit form in my stomach , and Tim moaned .
tr	I	She was falling in , drowning in its waters , and she felt as if a hole had opened within .
tr	I	He 'd done his best , and he was my father .
tr	I	When she speaks , she 's wary and she 's quiet for quite a while .
tr	O	当迈克尔藏在防水布下时，那人可能会醒来，并且迈克尔将完全暴露在攻击之下。
tr	O	我不擅长优雅地接受礼物，但是我正在努力。
tr	O	我试图抬起我的手臂，并且这次我真的能移动它们了，尽管速度不快因为它们仍然感觉沉重。
tr	I	It was , but her fear of heights shouldn 't be endearing .
tr	I	Her lips were pulled tight with worry , and her face was pale .
tr	I	She gasped , and a shock like lightning ripped through her , the shock of intense physical attraction .
tr	O	离她这么近，他现在能看到她眼睛里的绿色，并且他知道她也被他吸引了。
tr	I	Jason was still sweating , but the wind was cold .
tr	I	This is a substitute that keeps me from indulging in things I shouldn 't , but nothing can replace the all-consuming feeling of stripping away life .
tr	I	Habits are hard to break , but Sid 's threat was unnecessary .
tr	O	丹妮开始转向他，但是他把她按在原地。
tr	O	谢天谢地她对今天下午发生的事情一无所知，但是这本身又增加了我的疑问。
tr	I	They melt non-magical weapons which hit them and Frost deals x2 damage to the magma men .
tr	O	现在只有死亡，以及无辜者回荡的尖叫声。
tr	I	That 's all it was - a fantasy , but she had fantasized about the two of them .
tr	I	If he didn 't want to help there would be no reason for him to become a police officer and they were good people .
tr	I	I didn 't expect homesickness to set in so soon , but I didn 't think being away would be a breeze .
tr	I	The last thing on your mind is letting me back in my lab , and I know you grounded me .
tr	I	He reached for her hands and the rigid persona fell away .
tr	O	萨姆波浪般的头发擦过眼镜边缘，以及史黛西双手合十坐在桌旁。
tr	I	She remembered screaming , or she 'd screamed .
tr	I	The weight of it deadened her eyes , and she 'd come here to kill her son .
tr	I	A walk might do her some good and she nodded , thinking some fresh air .
tr	O	它毁了一切，并且现在，赛终于回心转意了。
tr	O	尽管那时我不想做他女朋友，他就是性感的化身，并且我喜欢他触碰我。
tr	I	He 'd seen how she 'd looked at him and especially now that his king had succumbed to Tareq 's insistence on attending the ceremony .
tr	I	I choked back a sob as Desmond gave me a shocked look and panic began to spread through my limbs .
tr	I	People would soon be waking and the night was coming to a close .
tr	O	我的胃咕噜作响，并且我悄悄地制止了它。
tr	I	Gregor had a bad feeling it was a crown , but it could have been some kind of hair band .
tr	O	你可以再要一个，但是午饭前就只有这一个了。
tr	I	I didn 't kiss her but she looked at me expectantly .
tr	O	我能看出你现在已不仅仅是人类，但是我觉得有什么东西正从我的人类模拟器中传来。
tr	I	The sounds of rustling papers came from within , and the door to the inner office was open .
tr	O	她的朋友又一次喘息，并且我不知道艾拉怎么会和她做朋友。
tr	I	Her eyes widened when she saw me , and Kenzie looked up .
tr	I	I was hoping they would purify any turned humans , and our weapons are Skyfire .
tr	I	Graeme held up his hand , but tavis started to scowl .
tr	O	自信在任何女孩身上都很迷人，但是对于梅根来说，那简直是性感至极。
tr	I	The clouds overhead erupted with a full fury , and the ferry chugged away from the dock .
tr	I	Over the centuries she 'd learned to manage it , but something that affected her flying .
tr	O	我摇了摇头，并且埃文的下巴掉了下来。
tr	O	他尽可能地把我拉近，并且我几乎就坐在他的大腿上。
tr	O	它不是很浓烈，但是尝起来像新鲜的苹果派一样香甜可口。
tr	I	He had mage blood , and Razvan was her father .
tr	O	他的声音很温柔，并且莎拉感到一种深深的满足感将她包围。
tr	I	He nodded and I asked .
tr	O	在他来得及做任何事之前，门开了，并且凯特走了进来，阿切尔紧随其后。
tr	I	He didn 't give me a chance to decide , but I wasn 't sure I believe him .
tr	O	他伸出手让斯嘉丽握，并且她不情愿地握住了。
tr	O	他的手可能无法触碰她，但是他允许自己的眼睛贪婪地饱览了几秒钟。
tr	O	没有再发生其他事，并且她松了一口气。
tr	I	He glances in my direction and I let out a laugh .
tr	I	Gavin interrupts , but I stare at her .
tr	I	He couldn 't control it and his mind was racing .
tr	I	They still had a little under a year to go before they could start trying themselves and Miranda had checked with her doctor .
tr	O	他有一些令人恐惧的文件要填写，并且然后需要他出现在验尸官办公室。
tr	I	I was a mess , and these were the kings of vampires .
tr	O	那是一个星期六，并且我以为我们已经做了计划。
tr	O	他们知道他们大部分夏天都不会在家，但是这已经足够接近了。
tr	O	我甚至没注意到卡莉在这里，但是她就在那儿，弓着身子，像是被人猛击了腹部。
tr	I	His warm head nuzzled her gently , and she heard Mur shift .
tr	I	We knew the other sat there inches away , waiting but for a long time we said nothing .
tr	I	The faded voices that I heard and I tried to interpret the movement that I saw .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to admit that but it had been .
tr	O	我试过和他谈话，但是他不肯对我敞开心扉。
tr	I	She couldn 't quite reach it , yet it was right there , within her grasp .
tr	O	我祖父的爱一直都是无条件的，但是话又说回来，我也一直都是凡人。
tr	O	他们把我们堵在外面了，但是他们也击毁了货舱门的控制装置。
tr	I	I wasn 't especially enamored of America 's official overseas representatives either and I didn 't think very highly of myself at the moment .
tr	I	For now , she 'd enjoy it , but Misty wasn 't sure where this would go .
tr	I	Josie couldn 't believe there was even a choice here , but Linda 's pain of indecision was real .
tr	I	There was wariness in his eyes , but now he watched her as she watched him .
tr	O	他给了我一个那种哄骗的笑容，并且我对他皱起了眉。
tr	O	热流涌过他的阴茎，他进一步膨胀着，但是我从容应对，逐渐让他更深入我的喉咙。
tr	I	He scrambled to his feet , and I flew forward , landing on my face .
tr	O	里奇很严肃，并且他确保他弟弟明白了这一点。
tr	O	诺亚加入“通量”只有大约一年，但是他已经在那群人中找到了自己的位置。
tr	O	我的药箱里有一瓶非处方安眠药，但是它们让我做噩梦。
tr	O	她的眼中闪过一丝受伤的神色，并且彼得为自己的话感到后悔。
tr	O	我们都湿透了，但是那一刻我似乎并不在乎。
tr	I	It seemed I won the argument , but it 's big headed of me .
tr	I	I ran , and he screamed .
tr	I	Her eyes smiled , but her lips frowned .
tr	I	The doors opened wide and the elevator stopped .
tr	O	无论我怎么努力都感觉不到她，并且我把手抽了回来。
tr	O	幻象没有显示锁链，但是她仍然能够感觉到它们。
tr	O	克里斯向上走了一级台阶，超过了杰克停下的地方，并且他的左脚陷得比应有的深度低得多。
tr	I	Ian was up next and Dorian 's turn ended .
tr	I	We headed back to the car and after he was finished , I got him something to snack on .
tr	I	He was gone , the loud roar of a jungle cat the only sound echoing in the darkness and his skin blended with the midnight sky .
tr	O	门开了，并且萨默斯夫人走了回来，她的脸上表情严峻，看着眼前的景象。
tr	O	巴顿在为自己寻找解药，并且病人是小白鼠。
tr	O	他用爪子指着伤口，并且要费很大力气才能忍住不畏缩。
tr	O	他想象着会有狗被放出来，并且他逃跑的机会将为零。
tr	O	我之所以是现在的我，是因为她，并且我每天醒来都会想起她对我的存在所做出的贡献。
tr	I	On the last sentence , Iliana looked down at Jaime , but it was all shrieked at approximately the same decibel level .
tr	O	卫兵们大笑起来，但是其他人没有加入他们。
tr	O	是的，她曾需要他向她展示这个世界的法则，并且她将来可能还需要他。
tr	I	He couldn 't escape the crushing sense of doom that was suffocating him but he tried to seize hold of Julian 's determination .
tr	O	我知道他只是开玩笑，但是我努力压制的念头又涌上了心头。
tr	I	I knew what time it was because I had asked Mercer when he had returned but I didn 't have a watch .
tr	O	我向前倾，蹲下以获得更大的弹力，并且我纵身跳下了悬崖。
tr	I	The attention from Nash was flattering , and it was wonderful having my friends around me .
tr	I	Her eyes getting heavy wondering how rays really communicated with each other , and Lydia sat there with the computer humming .
tr	O	很快我的呼吸随着旁边轻柔的拨弦声变得平稳，并且我的思绪也渐渐进入了梦乡。
tr	O	他在努力供养我们，但是 我告诉他那个味道刺激了艾比的喉咙。
tr	I	She refused to throw up in front of Cain Granger , but the whole room seemed to be spinning .
tr	I	The thought crossed her mind that she could actually pass out right here in front of Debra and as she looked down , her head was spinning .
tr	I	The day was depressing enough without thinking of him , and it had been months since I 'd seen Robin .
tr	I	She remembered how hurt she 'd been when Trey dumped her , and Kylie 's chest ached for Del a .
tr	I	Looking out at an entire mountain range of loose brains and as he spoke , I suddenly found myself awash in a sea of blood .
tr	O	我知道我看起来不一样，但是 我还是我。
tr	O	空气中的甜味变得浓郁，并且 品尝的欲望也随之增加。
tr	I	Winning the first place , and all he thought about was his Science project .
tr	O	他放弃了很多自由，但是 那是正确的选择。
tr	O	自冲浪比赛那天以来他再也没见过杰基，但是 他仍然能感觉到她触摸他皮肤的感觉。
tr	O	乔比的时机从来都不好，但是 他有其他事情要考虑。
tr	O	每个人都一直告诉他这一点，并且 也许他们是对的。
tr	I	Most of all he relished the opportunity to lurk , but he also enjoyed the comfort of the small stove .
tr	O	他所要做的就是沿着一条路直接走到会合点，并且 他就能万事大吉了。
tr	I	I certainly had no idea what I wanted , and I had no idea what was going on .
tr	O	吉普的目光转向汉娜，并且她仿佛缩了一下，蜷缩在西装外套下，仿佛那是一顶帐篷。
tr	I	She leaned against the doorframe , watching the action in the next room , and a few slow , painful steps to the door .
tr	O	卡尔叔叔拍了一下马，并且它冲出了谷仓。
tr	I	Her anger burned through them with searing heat , but tears glistened in her eyes .
tr	O	他用胳膊肘撞了我一下，并且我翻了个白眼。
tr	O	也许他也是这样，但是躺在她身边的床上听起来是他能做的最愉快的事情。
tr	O	那个侏儒气得发抖，并且他的脸因激动而涨红。
tr	O	她吓得魂不附体，并且她身边需要一个熟悉的面孔。
tr	I	Excited voices filled the room , and he heard a crash below .
tr	I	I have no knowledge of it , but old tales said it had something to do with the first King .
tr	O	我们手牵手如此频繁，以至于她成了我的右手，而我成了她的左手。
tr	O	我问，并且他点头。
tr	O	他试图表现得和别人一样勇敢，但是他声音中的一丝颤抖暴露了他的恐惧。
tr	O	我开始寻找任何能分散我注意力，让我不再想艾丽的事情，但是那毫无用处。
tr	I	Another night was required before they sighted their ship in the cove but they traveled hard .
tr	O	呃，听着，今晚很棒，而且我真为你们高兴。
tr	I	They 'd be on him , or he had to do something .
tr	I	I always thought of them as part of mine , and her parents always treated me like I was part of the family .
tr	I	They can 't be more than three feet deep and the trenches here are , well feeble .
tr	I	In spite of his resolve he felt his breath catch in his chest , and the Prince fell silent .
tr	I	My feelings for her were getting stronger by the minute , and she was just too damn adorable .
tr	I	Boys stopped crying when they were eight years old , and Blue came from that world where men didn 't cry .
tr	O	当我按下B按钮时，一盏小小的绿灯亮起，并且门就关上了。
tr	I	She was almost certain that it had come from her garden and she had heard a sound from outside her bedroom window .
tr	O	威廉的脸上写满了决心，而且我一想到要再遇到一个尴尬的查尔斯、威廉、布林三角关系就差点要起荨麻疹了。
tr	I	He moved , with his hand on the back of the carnivorous pony , but he moved slowly .
tr	I	I sat on the chair in the corner and Jared sat down on the bed .
tr	O	我以为他的家人都死了，并且他们可能还活着。
tr	I	Every literary translation I can find , and I have the old Catholic translation .
tr	O	第四名特工，一直保持沉默的他，从她手中拿走了她的两个手提箱，并且他们都走向了电梯。
tr	I	I pushed it away , but his parting words bothered me a bit .
tr	O	他们经过了画作，但是谁都没有多加注意。
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安接下来伸出手，并且我接住了。
tr	I	The other part felt like I was betraying Dad , but part of me wanted to be happy for Mom .
tr	O	我在那里感觉很尴尬，但是我必须在那里支持乔纳森。
tr	O	我在与自己争论，试图为去拉普什的短暂旅行找借口，但是我做不到。
tr	I	This unexpected audience was highly opportune and while he was impatient to see Elizabeth , he had some thoughts to share about the investigation .
tr	O	危险乘风而至，并且他现在能感受到那股风。
tr	O	你昨天告诉我一点点，但是我需要知道更多。
tr	O	他将一根手指滑了进去，沿着顶部滑动，并且她将臀部弓起抵在他的手上。
tr	O	法律行业是狗咬狗，或者在我们的世界里，是食人者相食。
tr	I	The words blur for me , and I look down at it .
tr	I	Someone handed me a bucket , and her henchmen undid the restraints .
tr	O	外表上一切正常，但是内心我却充满动荡。
tr	I	Even then I felt as if I was playing at something , trying to show my parents SEE ME , but sure , I travelled !
tr	O	她的哥哥被火化了，并且他的骨灰被安放在一个没有标记的公共墓地。
tr	O	当然我以前也被吻过，但是那些时刻都从我的脑海中消逝了。
tr	I	I wrenched it back open , but she started to pull her door closed .
tr	O	他有一个名声，一个他过去几年精心建立的名声，并且她诋毁了他的品格。
tr	O	痛得要命，但是这是事实。
tr	O	他的眼睛花了数秒才适应了黑暗，并且埃德温就能辨认出周围的环境了。
tr	I	I was getting ready to drag her as far as possible from the window and the adrenalin was flowing again .
tr	I	Just like the first time , I didn 't mean to , and I 'd offended him again .
tr	O	杰克逊收藏了各种电影，但是我拿起一张DVD时扬了扬眉毛。
tr	O	洛拉的笑容消失了，并且她的嘴唇紧抿起来。
tr	I	It worked for my happiness that I liked to keep us in , but I don 't know why I always kept Colt on some pedestal .
tr	I	Life in the cities is greatly improved , and Romanization progresses in the provinces .
tr	O	我的头发也长了很多，并且我的身体也终于发育成熟了。
tr	I	She felt better knowing he knew , but she still hadn 't figured out why she was telling him .
tr	I	Her heart ached from the force of it , and his pain hit her as strongly as if it were her own .
tr	I	The living dead understood that it was their way of surviving the years , but perhaps it was not as pleasurable for those involved .
tr	I	We 'd talk over my new classes , and he 'd meet me at school sometimes .
tr	I	I climbed out , doing my best to not jostle her as I moved and the van door slid open with ease .
tr	I	A moment later his hands did too , and his face fell .
tr	O	婚礼在四周后，而且他们什么都没准备。
tr	I	I can tell , but it 's subtle .
tr	I	We stopped right in front of the old wooden gate , and I pulled the car over at the next entrance to a field .
tr	I	They began to slide across the water , and the motor started up .
tr	O	他默默地把照片递给我，并且我仔细查看那张笑脸。
tr	I	You would have never known from listening to her , but they spent only three years together .
tr	O	你是我的，而且我不会放手。
tr	O	汉娜张开了嘴，但是没有任何话语说出。
tr	O	我母亲找到了我，并且我们俩就走到了房子那里。
tr	O	当她看到他时，她银色的眼睛因喜悦而亮了起来，并且一个微笑也爬上了浩的脸庞。
tr	O	我们可以以后再谈论我做了什么，而且你可以就我有多蠢给我好好上一大课。
tr	I	He couldn 't deny that he did , but he didn 't want to desire her .
tr	I	Ashe threw aside the torch , swearing , and the last remnant of the flame disappeared .
tr	O	我并不羡慕一个被迫扮演大师角色的“第二者”，而且我曾帮助把他放到那个位置。
tr	I	You don 't know anything and you didn 't see anything .
tr	O	德雷克再次闭上眼睛，但是他不会在她下次来访时睡着。
tr	I	She looked down at the paper and his lopsided grin was self-deprecating .
tr	O	我们坐在厨房的桌旁，并且我已经吃了一半三明治，而乔甚至还没碰他的。
tr	O	黑色的血喷溅到墙上，并且牙齿终于松开了。
tr	I	Her tongue darted out , delicately licking the flat brown circle , and she moved those few inches .
tr	I	She sprang to her feet , stumbling backward and I relented just before I did permanent damage .
tr	I	He stood rooted to the spot , hoping she 'd say it again and at one point he thought he heard her whisper his name .
tr	O	有那么多，以至于它们几乎覆盖了一整面墙，但是与家里不同的是，它们也没有覆盖地面。
tr	O	泰德是个恶霸，并且我们知道这一点。
tr	I	I couldn 't speak , and my mouth went dry .
tr	I	They would give him no further information , but the other was confirmed to have entered the bureau around the reported time .
tr	O	那可能意味着入侵者，或者它可能意味着姐妹。
tr	O	他伸出手臂，并且她立刻依偎在他怀里。
tr	O	他又检查了一遍，但是没有发现错误。
tr	I	There was a light rain falling and the sun had vanished once again .
tr	O	我知道他是奥利的老朋友，但是在我与他过去几天的往来之后，我并不完全信任他。
tr	O	他的目光与我相遇，并且我从那双明亮的蓝色眼睛中看到的一切温暖了我。
tr	O	迈克尔停了下来，并且我感觉到他的手放在我的脸上。
tr	I	Rank always came first , but they might be friends .
tr	O	这似乎不是什么可怕的罪行，并且我打算读完之后就偷偷把它还回去。
tr	I	It didn 't bother me , but she looked embarrassed .
tr	I	Whatever it was , it wouldn 't work , but he had no idea what she was thinking .
tr	O	拉里·福勒的眼镜后面，眼睛闪烁着不耐烦的神情，并且他的笑容变成了咬牙切齿。
tr	O	尼古拉斯躲闪，并且光束撞向了油箱。
tr	I	It won 't be for long , but the hallway is quiet right now .
tr	I	The other men began to follow as well and tavis echoed the name with surprise as he .
tr	O	尤金真的没有不在场证明，并且我束手无策了。
tr	O	他的表情如此雷霆万钧，我本该感到害怕的，但是一种不同于恐惧的情绪开始充满我。
tr	I	It will never leave you helpless , and it will always take your side .
tr	O	他要了博尔斯特，但是显然他们俩都不在了。
tr	O	琼是我的一个室友，并且从那时起我们就一直保持联系。
tr	O	之后他的气色开始恢复，并且一丝微笑浮现在他的唇边。
tr	O	他说过他很抱歉，并且她相信他是认真的。
tr	I	Each was stationed with three men holding guns , and there were eight large towers surrounding the compound .
tr	I	That was her biggest virtue , and Sara was a no-nonsense kind of person .
tr	O	我知道我们需要时间来成为朋友，但是我不会否认我已有的感受。
tr	I	She 'd never done it on purpose , but Connie did have a talent for picking out losers .
tr	I	She drove away and he got in .
tr	O	香气很浓，并且她舔了舔嘴唇。
tr	I	Shots rang out from every direction , and we tossed grenades .
tr	O	她的视线边缘模糊了，并且她再次振作起来。
tr	O	他的头发梳到他斑驳的头上，并且他的背带系着宽松的裤子。
tr	O	她身材好得惊人，没错，但是她却有一种波丽安娜式的乐观心态。
tr	I	She 's filed a petition to get custody of Grace ... tomorrow , and the girl who killed Mia is out of prison ?
tr	I	The primary reason Claire had agreed with Leanne 's decision to get breast implants and it was heartbreaking to watch .
tr	O	他能感受到她的痛苦，并且泪水模糊了他的视线。
tr	O	他转过身去看她，并且她意识到亨利一直在哭。
tr	I	It didn 't help , but I cleared my throat .
tr	I	This time she used it to jab her face several times , and she stuck the poker back into the fire .
tr	I	I got pulled into looking for Olive , and Nina found me in a spirit dream .
tr	I	That 's the problem , and it 's infectious .
tr	O	一会儿后，它猛地打开了，并且劳伦一脸不悦地站在那里。
tr	O	他身上多处缠着绷带，但是他的四肢都完好无损。
tr	I	I didn 't complain and we walked the hallway slowly .
tr	I	I try to gulp them back and I can feel the sobs coming .
tr	I	His conviction with it , and his strength was returning .
tr	O	他朝他母亲瞥了一眼，但是她平静地坐在那里，腿上摇晃着雅典娜。
tr	I	Sal immediately ordered a bottle of 1957 wine and the wine steward came up to their table .
tr	O	白昼漫漫无尽，但是夜晚却更糟糕。
tr	O	一只萤火虫落在她的手臂上，但是她却没有把它掸开。
tr	O	一棵北方白雪松遮蔽了后院，但是没有狗。
tr	I	She pondered calling him , and she hadn 't seen Mike alone .
tr	O	他的头偏向一边，并且我看着他左边的眉毛上扬。
tr	O	我迅速地看了一眼我爸爸，但是他看起来没心情扮演负责任的成年人。
tr	O	月光洒满了小木屋之间的小径，并且一阵微风扬起了阵阵尘土。
tr	O	汽车在一栋红色的三层楼房前嘎然而止，并且我下了车。
tr	O	这是朝着正确方向迈出的一步，并且我感觉自己无所不能。
tr	O	我无法看清十字路口对面约翰的脸，但是我认出了他绿色的T恤。
tr	I	They all looked badly underdressed , and their breath came in clouds .
tr	I	She fell asleep quickly , and the last couple of days had taken their toll .
tr	I	His fingers tensed as they intertwined with mine , and the muscles under his jaws twitched .
tr	O	为了我的兄弟们，我本会那样做，但是我不想那样为自己。
tr	O	她只需要他一点血，并且她就会痊愈。
tr	I	She couldn 't see , and the world had gone black .
tr	I	I nodded without looking at him and Steve 's voice interrupted my thoughts .
tr	O	她试图奔跑，但是她的双脚感觉被冻住了。
tr	I	They weren 't vegan as they contained eggs but she used a gluten-free recipe to meet her mother 's dietary needs .
tr	O	戴尔在足球队，但是他不是一个好球员。
tr	O	我睡得很沉，并且我做了噩梦。
tr	O	人类，吸血鬼的傀儡，建造了这个陷阱，并且只有一位吸血鬼大师才能将他的存在隐瞒于里奥丹。
tr	I	I snap my mouth shut , but I have a ready comeback .
tr	O	闪光弄瞎了他们的眼睛，但是索恩没有被烧伤。
tr	I	His hair was soaked and his clothes were drenched .
tr	I	I didn 't feel any sadness and it was finally time for me to go home .
tr	I	Both frown with distorted faces and they kiss then pull back .
tr	O	既然需要梯子才能爬进去，那份恐惧就不合理，但是小女孩的恐惧从来都不合理。
tr	O	他的吻在她嘴边消失了，并且他的手在她背上僵住了。
tr	O	他们是他的挚友，但是他还是会给他们一个教训。
tr	O	我当时笑了，并且现在他看着我，好像我疯了一样。
tr	I	Brooke pressed a finger to her lips but Evy opened her mouth to protest .
tr	I	I shook my head , and she said .
tr	I	They 'll be happy to know they finally got some other kids close enough to play with for a change and they 're good kids .
tr	O	他很生气，并且他指向那个看不见的下属的手指，随着他朝那个方向猛刺，看起来像一把枪。
tr	O	杰克双肩僵硬地站着，离他们远远的，并且他凝视着茂密的森林时，下巴紧绷着。
tr	I	She had killed a man and she was becoming a monster .
tr	O	他用新的眼光打量着这间单身公寓，并且他以不同的眼光看到了无数细节。
tr	O	它们通常很友好，但是它们是群居动物。
tr	O	这些人穿着迷彩服，并且这似乎是他们的日常穿着。
tr	I	He met her lips with his in a fervent kiss and she stepped forward .
tr	I	Surely no-one would disown diamonds of such value , and he has stated already that these items were not his .
tr	I	It doesn 't mean that I have to be prisoner to that love , but there 's no escaping it .
tr	O	那是一个美丽的夜晚，并且也许它确实让我想起了很久以前的另一个夜晚，一个我也在追逐着什么东西的夜晚。
tr	I	The words wouldn 't come , and she stared up at me .
tr	O	在玫瑰林中学，六年级学生被允许参加校队选拔，但是每年只有一人能入选校队。
tr	O	我没有什么可羞愧的，但是她却能产生那种影响。
tr	O	这里比迈阿密冷，但是他仍在足够靠南的地方，让冬天感觉安全地遥远。
tr	O	他的翅膀猛地展开，并且他便在灰蒙蒙、没有阳光的天空中划出一道弧线滑翔而过。
tr	I	She wouldn 't mind in the least and Little did he know that he could do anything he wanted to with her right then .
tr	I	I relaxed and I waited for his salute .
tr	O	这情况令人感到厌倦了，并且他也厌倦了洗冷水澡。
tr	O	她偷偷带进一根木桩是一回事，但是她想偷偷带进两根木桩是不可能的。
tr	O	她用她的守护者魔法触摸了铁砧，但是什么也没发生。
tr	I	Will was a strong proponent of using animals to connect with tortured individuals , and equine therapy was catching on in the mental health community .
tr	O	我知道他喜欢我，并且我以为我喜欢他。
tr	I	I figure Realm might still be in there , and when I get to Dr. Warren 's door , it 's closed .
tr	O	他不是故意要这么做的，并且他甚至不知道这件事发生了。
tr	I	He had to wonder , but she laughed at his acting .
tr	O	阿曼达讨厌听起来像那些对别人的职业评头论足的人，但是她很好奇。
tr	O	过了一会儿她的眼泪止住了，并且她睁开了眼睛。
tr	I	It was a pointless attempt , but the demon broke into a run again .
tr	O	哽咽再次涌上我的喉咙，但是我这次没有催促我的老朋友离开。
tr	I	I know little about it , but I know of it .
tr	I	She glowed , and she seemed insubstantial .
tr	O	莎拉似乎没有听到她说话，但是吉迪恩肯定听到了。
tr	O	他随意地说道，仿佛只是自言自语，但是他的银色眼睛里有一丝阴影。
tr	I	The security had the place locked down tight , but he worked his way all along the river , trying to find some means of transportation .
tr	O	亚瑟的眼中闪烁着兴奋的光芒，并且我能看出这是他所热爱的事情。
tr	O	这是我们暑假的最后一个星期五，并且我们挤在我狭小的门廊上。
tr	I	People were dying , and Everything had gone wrong .
tr	O	伊恩点了一下头，并且西蒙把菲利普推下了短堤。
tr	O	没人知道美国是否会卷入冲突，并且气氛很严峻。
tr	I	Yet he was able to escape , but you should have swallowed his magic along with the others that night .
tr	I	He was doing what he could to keep up , but his memory was affected , like so many others .
tr	I	When Zeus peeked through the glass , his tail started to wag , but instinctively he tensed .
tr	I	He needed someone 's but he may not need her blood .
tr	I	We walked out of the museum and Diana took hold of his hand .
tr	O	她周围没看到一个人，并且路上也没有其他车。
tr	O	我们可能想多去几个村庄，但是我不认为那有必要。
tr	I	I now understood why they haven 't all shifted to leave and Gabriel must have shifted out of his shackles .
tr	O	他向雷恩做了个手势，并且她抬头看着我。
tr	O	彼得把枪扔进了灌木丛，并且他们上了车。
tr	I	Your father would have handed Art over and if a baby had been reported missing , perhaps decency would have won out .
tr	O	我现在很慌乱，四处寻找，然而仍然找不到她。
tr	O	她真的让他很恼火，而且最糟糕的是，她甚至都没有刻意去惹他。
tr	I	There was a little bit of light in the window , and I could hear faint music coming from inside .
tr	O	他波浪般的头发披散在他的肩膀上，并且她几乎无法直视他的眼睛。
tr	I	He would use it to his advances and she was utterly in love with him .
tr	I	He didn 't have one , and she deserved a real explanation .
tr	O	他向门口示意，并且我走在他前面。
tr	O	安德鲁思考了片刻，并且然后他向她笑了笑。
tr	I	Each was composed of the same precious opal stone , and I inspected every grape on the Golden Vine Ring 's cluster .
tr	O	他的目光扫过角落里那个小小的圆形垃圾桶，并且他朝它走去。
tr	I	She 'd never thought it actually would be , but she 'd dreamed it would be like this .
tr	I	Yet she wanted to throttle him , and a few kisses were all they 'd ever shared .
tr	I	With a wave of her hand , she crossed off well over two dozen , and she examined the names .
tr	O	我把包裹藏在衣柜的一个盒子里，并且我想我会为那个诡计报仇。
tr	O	他的拥抱充满诱惑，并且它让我感觉非常好，就像他正在以我想要保护他的方式保护着我。
tr	I	They 'd been inseparable ever since , and they met through an arranged play date set up by their mothers .
tr	O	我的眼睛还没有完全适应，但是即使看不到他，我还是能感觉到他下巴紧绷。
tr	O	他呼吸缓慢，并且他的眼睛闭着。
tr	I	It was enough for the Raven to take notice , but the other man had begun to tremble ever so slightly .
tr	O	一块金属条在她手中松动了，在她指间挤压变形，并且地板在她周围扭曲，将她吸了下去。
tr	O	我正在休无限期同情假，并且我的空缺有人顶替。
tr	O	我不是说这是对的，但是我确实是先遇到你的。
tr	O	通常会有一个年轻的副警长被派到正门，但是此刻他正在中庭一侧操作金属探测器。
tr	I	The ideas came together nicely and you have a nice writing style .
tr	O	我将目光转向她，并且她也直视着我。
tr	O	有草，并且它是绿色的。
tr	I	The floor was crafted of pale white marble , and it was lined with delicate , spiraled arches .
tr	O	它们看起来像夜晚一样黑暗，并且如果它们能反映他的思想，我就知道它们是极端的。
tr	I	The floor was slightly raised , creating a sort of makeshift stage , and red satin floor-length curtains blocked off the back walls .
tr	I	It lodged itself in his belly and he wasn 't fast enough .
tr	O	我不知道主为何选择今早将她带回天家，但是他确实这么做了。
tr	O	他的皮质紧身裤抵着她的大腿后侧，在他环抱她时，并且他吻了吻她的颈侧。
tr	O	服务员端上我们的饭菜，并且道尔点的是三文鱼。
tr	O	天气寒冷似乎使每个人的精神都受到了影响，并且当迪卡德递过他的便条时，他几乎没有抬头。
tr	O	我们走过指挥室，并且我示意卡利归队。
tr	I	She would still hear , but she knew that her dear goddess was far from her earthly body .
tr	I	Jackie switched on the engine and they dashed to the car .
tr	I	Soon his words turn to song and Sean continues to recite the verse .
tr	O	他的回复很简短，但是至少他回复了。
tr	I	The others start pulling weapons from their harnesses , and Blaze pulls out another dagger .
tr	I	Then her face goes blank briefly , and she laughs at her own joke .
tr	O	他亲吻了我的头侧，并且我稍微向他挪动了一下，小心翼翼地不要吵醒怀孕的公主。
tr	I	Posts guards around its periphery , and Pippa warns us not to leave her circle .
tr	I	Her mother had died when she was eight , and she 'd never known her father .
tr	O	阿里克一剪刀剪断了缎带，并且人群欢呼起来。
tr	I	She didn 't retreat , and he approached her now .
tr	O	很安静，而且食物很棒。
tr	I	You will behave properly , from now on NO more compassion for anyone inferior to you and you are my child .
tr	I	Oliver stepped out , and the doors opened .
tr	O	宽慰涌上心头，但是我很害怕和父亲度过这一天，考虑到他的心情。
tr	I	This is not part of the plan , and I 've finally got my life together .
tr	I	It became sore and when he rolled his shoulder he heard it clicking .
tr	O	那是周五晚上，并且酒吧都开着门。
tr	I	Snow fell on Saint Peter and the winter struck with all its might .
tr	O	我当时相信他，并且我现在也相信他。
tr	I	Lissa 's body slowly became solid and a bit of light formed .
tr	I	It felt overwhelmingly powerful and it was the first time we had ever been vulnerable to one another .
tr	I	I groaned inwardly when I saw a crowd of people lingering around us and my head shot up .
tr	O	如果我们没有看到他违法，我们就不会对他采取行动，并且这段关系也不会受到威胁。
tr	O	我知道这需要很多时间消化，但是你必须明白你正处于危险之中。
tr	O	我唯一能忍受的吸血鬼就是我船的船长，但是也许那只是因为我认识他太久了。
tr	I	I drew it close around me , and I was wrapped in my detachment .
tr	I	It didn 't help very much , but her faith in me was touching .
tr	I	Harvey came running from the back bedroom and she unlocked the door to her apartment .
tr	O	我本会说颜色取决于染料的用量，而不是施用时间，但是她不在那里。
tr	O	她转过身，并且她的脸因奥罗拉审视的目光而发烫。
tr	O	她笑了，但是加文在她端着一盘热气腾腾的蒜蓉意面经过时，注意到了她皮肤的苍白。
tr	O	被她膝撞过的那个人反手打了她的嘴，并且艾丽克西亚在尝到血味之前感到一阵剧痛。
tr	I	For once , Corrado was grateful to return to an empty home , and there was no sign of Celia anywhere .
tr	I	She laughed at me as we left the room , and I looked away with a soft , embarrassed smile .
tr	O	亚瑟在我前面，并且他打开了门。
tr	O	他敲了三下门，并且伊莎贝拉打开了门。
tr	I	It 's stiff , stuck to the ground , but she tries to lift it onto her lap .
tr	O	是的，这很糟糕，但是这不是永远的。
tr	O	许多人境况更糟，并且每个人都知道。
tr	O	她的身体僵住了，并且她叫了起来。
tr	O	一把椅子出现了，并且他坐了下来。
tr	I	She had blushed , covering her face with her hands , and I had told her the only thing I loved more than her was her feet .
tr	O	杰克最近几天没有对那一点想太多，但是它是真的。
tr	O	要么现在，要么永远不，她想着，深吸了一口气。
tr	I	Jude put his finger in front of her lips , but she opened her mouth to speak .
tr	I	He supposed his brothers would argue that point , but he found it hard to believe .
tr	I	This smile was different , but Mistral smiled again .
tr	I	Her mother had managed to carry on long conversations with him , but because of a stroke , Tom Harding had been unable to speak .
tr	O	这对身为城里人的我来说是陌生的，但是我很快就会把那些大男孩视为我们社区的伟大供养者。
tr	I	We will not have sufficient time to move the final piece off course , but we will get this one moved .
tr	I	I was intrigued , but unfortunately it failed .
tr	I	I still had my weak points , but the Marines had helped with that .
tr	O	阿利斯泰尔在它旁边着陆，并且那些男孩爬了下来。
tr	I	He catches me in his arms , laughing under his breath as he intentionally rubs his sweaty body against mine and I stumble to the side .
tr	I	Right before she could sleep the branches above their head snapped , but Soul looked at him in alarm .
tr	I	The food ready to serve and the table was set .
tr	O	特蕾莎刚说完，并且电话就断了。
tr	I	The light rail 's bell sounded before it moved forward again , and the light changed .
tr	O	她留着长发，并且她的白色睡衣在月光下几乎发光。
tr	I	That was last night ; but I refused to believe it myself .
tr	I	He could feel the heat in his cheeks , and Liam was already flush from all the ale .
tr	O	我抬头看了他一眼，并且他对我微微一笑。
tr	O	她的头向前倒去，并且她咬住我的肩膀。
tr	I	When I 'd tried to talk to Liza , it had been awkward as hell , and Jessica had been with me .
tr	I	He needed to know what she was thinking in order to keep her safe , but he knew he wouldn 't like the answer .
tr	I	The forklift didn 't tip over but Molly winced in anticipation .
tr	I	Just the thought made me feel better , but I said no .
tr	O	我不知道那是什么，但是我用尽全力抓住了它。
tr	I	Grace realized her assistant was already back from lunch and Loretta Bailey returned to her desk .
tr	I	If Max fired Duke , he would lose all these men , and he said they had pledged their loyalty to him .
tr	O	他极度好斗，并且女人仍然像蜂群趋向蜂蜜一样涌向他。
tr	I	Slowly , a yellow spot light grew brighter across the room , and the lights went out .
tr	I	He has to come home sometime , right , but he 's not there ?
tr	I	I spoke quickly to avoid a fight I might possibly lose , but I have had worse odds .
tr	I	Of course it just sounded like an accident , but that 's when I really started to worry .
tr	O	冬天来了，并且安布罗斯的生活节奏慢了一点。
tr	I	He didn 't take it and I gave him his chance .
tr	I	I couldn 't even see him anymore and I was so angry that my brain was flooded with it .
tr	I	He released the main sail which quickly billowed out with the wind and she could tell that he loved sailing when they left the Portland harbor .
tr	I	It was not the way I wanted to wake up , but I understood it went with the general farmhouse vibe the hotel had going on .
tr	I	Her heart was beating so fast that it could have easily jumped out of her body , but nobody noticed it .
tr	I	I paused when he said my number , but I stood up , ready to escape .
tr	I	Daemon responded before I could , but I shot him a look .
tr	I	Else you 'll be stammering it in front of a magistrate , or you need to tell me everything .
tr	O	她吃惊地与他对视，并且就在那一刻她知道他像她一样震惊。
tr	I	I threw the ball wild and the first play went into motion .
tr	I	She knew it , and because he did .
tr	I	I could hear her footsteps pounding against the stairs to the top floor and as I dealt the next hand , Alexa walked down the hall .
tr	O	她站起来了，并且他也站起来了。
tr	O	我们的行为是邪恶的，但是我们不是。
tr	O	他的目光在我脸上游移，并且他微微一笑，正好露出了酒窝。
tr	O	我等着亨利说些什么，任何能帮助我理解的话，但是他沉默不语。
tr	O	我们很快就到了科兹洛夫的门外，并且我用拳头猛敲门，根本不在乎会吵醒谁。
tr	O	她倒在了床上，并且她的肘部碰到了一个硬物。
tr	I	He didn 't try anything with me , but Bozeman had a reputation for fast hands .
tr	I	The rice provided an antidote , bland though it was , and he was hungry .
tr	I	I 'd love a first kiss , but reyes , I know this is going to sound strange .
tr	O	他听到那个男人在说话，但是他的声音越来越轻了。
tr	O	饥饿赤裸裸地从他的眼中闪过，但是他却一口没吃。
tr	O	你现在应该有这个号码了，并且请你保守秘密。
tr	O	他动了动手，并且疼痛变成了一块燃烧的煤炭。
tr	I	I dove for her and I caught a flash of red .
tr	O	我听到了你的尖叫，并且我分担你的痛苦。
tr	O	我告诉他我把那天晚上的事告诉了我妈妈，并且库珀告诉我他告诉了梅森。
tr	O	她抬腿踢去，但是他扭身避开她，然后把她按回到柜台上，将她压制住。
tr	I	This wasn 't unusual in times of impending battle , but he wore an armored mask that hid his features .
tr	O	这啤酒味道浓郁醇厚，带有一丝坚果味，并且口中留有宜人的回味。
tr	O	顶部的窗户只开了一条很小的缝，但是否有人能通过，这很令人怀疑。
tr	I	I had a feeling we 'd need the privacy , but I left the door open a tiny bit so we could still hear Noah .
tr	O	他的话听起来很真诚，但是话语中充满了厌恶。
tr	I	The hall was empty , but I glanced around .
tr	O	他一直在向马丁倾诉，并且他还没有封闭情感。
tr	O	他可能是这个国家的统治者，但是我曾是另外两个国家的统治者。
tr	O	它比船上大多数空间都小得多，也许只有四立方码，但是它却让主人的微薄财产显得更小。
tr	O	一股热气涌上我的脖子，并且我很高兴我没有面对他。
tr	O	我们互相看着，心里很恼火，并且我回答了它。
tr	O	简不知道那是什么意思，但是她不在乎他们的内部笑话。
tr	O	霍利迪问道，并且当她看到霍利迪的不满时，凯莉也感受到了霍利迪的同情。
tr	O	我赚的钱不够帮他，并且我的兄弟们去年甚至断了他的供给。
tr	I	She was greedy for every single inch of him , and he was inside her up to the hilt in this position .
tr	I	There was a distinct uneasiness roiling in her stomach , a warning she had learned from vast experience to heed , but it seemed solid enough .
tr	O	她的目光落到他裸露的喉咙上，并且她的舌头伸出来轻抚她丰润的下唇。
tr	O	所有的界限都模糊了，并且她受伤了。
tr	O	她试图猛地关上门，但是他用脚挡住了门。
tr	O	他的呼吸很沉重，但是他强迫自己低声说话。
tr	O	她早上没有光线就已经够艰难了，但是没有咖啡因可能会让这变得不可能。
tr	I	She let him in , and eventually he wore her down .
tr	I	She was an unexpected twist and this woman was smart as hell .
tr	I	She felt a faint chill , and the warning made her uncertain .
tr	I	She flushed as she thought about all the things he had done to her , and her eyes traveled the length of him .
tr	O	我知道那只叫Shadow的杂种狗跟Eli在一起，但是甚至Shadow也无处可寻。
tr	O	我给Vanessa打了两次电话，并且我们用暗语交谈。
tr	I	In those eyes I saw despair and its eyes burned a fiery blue .
tr	O	我想不起Claude的姓，并且这让我感觉非常奇怪。
tr	I	With every passing minute , the frown on his face deepened and he began hitting buttons .
tr	O	他就站在那里，盯着我，但是我的脑子一片混沌，甚至不确定自己是否理解了什么。
tr	O	我的名字是Rhett，并且我从没想过我会陷入这种境地。
tr	I	Her eyes searched the landing and she held up a candle .
tr	O	Yusuf正在抵挡六个彪悍的雇佣兵，而且他的同伴们也自身难保，无法前来帮助他。
tr	I	That piqued my interest , and I suspected the latter .
tr	O	外面汽车急刹车，并且跑上楼梯的脚步声传到我的耳中。
tr	O	他迈着自信的步伐，令所有女孩都觉得无法抗拒，并且他蓬乱的黑发在微风中飘动。
tr	O	这似乎都偏离了主题，但是它绝对不是。
tr	O	她迅速打开了冷冻室，并且随着冷热空气交汇，水汽涌出。
tr	I	I 'm starting to feel really queasy , and I don 't like the way the world keeps reinventing itself for my amusement .
tr	O	本吉拉开了一扇沉重的金属门，并且我们随后走出了外面，进入院子。
tr	O	小公主穿着一件领口敞开的朴素绿袍，并且她的表情有些低沉。
tr	O	很不幸，它不是，但是我确实认出了那一头鲜艳的红发。
tr	O	他需要知道他能走多远，并且她心里有一部分感觉完全无助。
tr	O	周末情况竟然发生了变化，而且他被看到和另一个女人在一起。
tr	O	进去，并且我会告诉你！
tr	I	I didn 't care but he pleaded for mercy .
tr	I	It seemed a long way away , but Marie knew of Tandy 's marriage in Ireland .
tr	I	He knew they could not stop now and they 'd been running for some time now .
tr	O	我要去阅读，并且你要去倾听。
tr	I	Monica moved in over the laundromat , and they were married three weeks later .
tr	O	他知道你家的事情，并且他过去一直愿意利用别人的家人来对付他们。
tr	I	It soon disappeared from sight , and we quietly started stacking our wood across the only way out .
tr	O	我知道这一点，因为我们的银行收益与富国银行一同增长，而且我们有更多的资源可以剥离。
tr	I	They were always afraid , but I told them all that we had come for research , for knowledge .
tr	I	It caused her to smile once more and she thought of her Jacky in love .
tr	O	他似乎在买一张孩子的死亡照片，并且听起来这似乎不是第一次了。
tr	O	凯兰的声音变得有力起来，并且那是我唯一能专注的事情。
tr	O	哈姆说他即使在不公平的战斗中也再也打不过你了，并且你让宫殿没有刺客。
tr	O	我的眼睛扫视水面寻找珍妮特，但是我没有看到她。
tr	I	She knew it was late in the morning and the suns showed brightly through the narrow windows .
tr	O	他看着小瓶子……，并且他看着他的朋友。
tr	I	I realized that Caroline was being sarcastic , and Jed snorted .
tr	I	His mouth twitched , and she darted a look at him .
tr	O	莉迪亚能理解迪恩为何让马库斯写信，但是他本可以以不同的方式处理事情。
tr	O	我已经认真考虑过这份将他诱至纽卡斯尔的捷克邀约，但是我现在建议退后一步。
tr	O	我知道爱是什么，该死的，因为你把它放在我心里，并且你把它给了我。
tr	O	他不知道她为何会出现在这里，现在，在他的梦里，但是他不会去质疑。
tr	O	她本该忠于我们这类人，但是她选择忠于她对你的任何感情。
tr	I	Frustration had left behind and his mind 's ability for straight thinking also returned with a crash , furious at the mess anger .
tr	I	Alexander stopped him with a look , but the guard raised his fist again .
tr	I	Stares at the form-fitting cocktail dress his stylist picked for our first public date and he grins .
tr	I	It might spell doom for all of us and she is up to no good for sure .
tr	I	She pulled open a drawer and I followed her into Laura 's room .
tr	I	She took the final step , and he didn 't make any move toward her , just waited for her to come to him .
tr	I	The building still glowed from the inside as fires many levels below the street still burned , but the visible fire was out .
tr	I	I lifted my legs for him to rise , and Alcide said he had to get back to Shreveport .
tr	O	他们本意是再次亲吻，但是随着传教士瞄准镜的闪烁灯提醒了他们，这事被搁置了。
tr	I	He wouldn 't hurt Grace anymore , and he had more than earned it .
tr	O	科林打来了电话，但是我的室友们一定阻止了他。
tr	O	我等着，想知道乔乔是否会再说些什么，但是她的眼睛很快就清澈了。
tr	I	He realized she was moving and the dangerous curves began to shift beneath the thin layer of leather .
tr	I	This is exactly what I 've been training for my whole life , but until an hour ago I had no idea .
tr	O	利亚姆打中了她的后脑勺，而且她像一块石头一样落入了他的怀里。
tr	I	Mom sometimes let me stay at home when I pretended to be sick , and Today was Friday .
tr	O	他的一边脸在阴影中，但是她能看到他的眼睛现在因欲望而变得黑暗。
tr	I	Music Hanna didn 't recognize filtered out , and Kate 's bedroom door was closed .
tr	O	到目前为止，阿洛还没有找我谈论此事，但是我明白这只是时间问题。
tr	I	She 'd thought he 'd pick her up in a nice car , not a limousine but sure , the man was rich .
tr	I	You 'll be fine , and just walk out into the air .
tr	I	He was furious at his lack of self-control and one night of lovemaking hadn 't been enough .
tr	I	I had to see that shit and he opened fire on a house !
tr	I	That didn 't feel right to him , yet God help them both if she was betraying Whitney .
tr	O	一辆车跟着他进了院子，并且在他下车时减速了。
tr	I	He was afraid of her and he already noticed too many signs .
tr	I	Her words would find their way into the heavens and perhaps there was a path to the light above .
tr	I	She wanted to go home , but if they want to go dancing , she thought , more power to them .
tr	O	她退缩了，而且尽管在黑暗中很难分辨，但她看起来很担心。
tr	O	我们需要快，而且我们需要隐秘。
tr	O	宝宝们要来了，而且他们现在就要来了。
tr	O	通往下一区域的门滑开了，并且丽兹放下了手臂。
tr	I	He was alone again and both gone .
tr	O	我试图从他身边后退，但是他不肯停止。
tr	I	The unremarkable door was six steps down from street level , and the Salt Sea Inn had small , grimy windows .
tr	I	He rises to his feet , his head reaching to the sky , and ' So be it , my lady , ' he says .
tr	I	She backed out of her space and the engine fired up with a muted roar .
tr	I	That 's all it was , but they had a six-month reprieve .
tr	I	They headed back toward the factory and Luke shrugged .
tr	O	我确实如此，但是我不得不问你为什么在这件事上如此通融。
tr	I	It didn 't much matter , but almost fifty yards separated us .
tr	O	阿彻的目光落到我的手上，并且他的头歪向一边。
tr	O	厨房水槽下面的藏身之处仍然在那里，但是四年的成长让他长得太大了，塞不进去了。
tr	O	他们爬了下来，并且她解开了绳索。
tr	O	格蕾丝当然又开始了新的对话，但是鲁本早就习惯了同时听他们各自的两个对话。
tr	I	I followed , catching glimpses of more magnificent rooms as we continued down the main hall and Vlad strode by the garden .
tr	O	麻刺感在我的指尖泛起，并且我看到艾薇儿的眼皮颤动。
tr	I	It did not budge , but he pushed the door slightly .
tr	O	记者的眼神锐利起来，并且他密切观察着他们的一举一动，以至于玛雅感觉自己仿佛在显微镜下。
tr	O	我感到头晕，并且有人给我搬来了一把椅子。
tr	O	讨论常常很激烈，但是我不会退缩。
tr	O	早晨已经来临，并且她能听到鸟儿们彼此啁啾。
tr	I	We switch seats , and Gage pulls over .
tr	O	她快速地眨着眼睛，并且他试图解读她的反应。
tr	O	他是一个洪亮的男中音，并且他有着惊人的肺活量。
tr	I	He shifted over to his side , taking me with him , and the grip on my wrists loosened .
tr	O	人群中起了一阵骚动，并且几个人匆匆离去。
tr	I	We 're cousins no matter what , but Tony may make me so angry that I want to beat some sense into him .
tr	I	Harold realized a problem ignored eventually returned home in spades , but it would be easy to just ignore this impending crisis .
tr	I	Please call me Martin , but my given name is William ; William Martin Trask .
tr	O	他们已经将搜索范围缩小到河的这一边，但是那仍然有很多地方需要搜索。
tr	I	We can move up to a second-class berth and perhaps I will sell a painting on the way to the wharf .
tr	O	我张开了嘴，但是没有话语出来。
tr	O	莎伦会很快下令处决她，或者她会逃脱。
tr	I	She looked towards the fire , and her mouth parted .
tr	O	玛丽的嘴巴咧开一个大大的笑容，并且她笑了。
tr	I	I think Lila might be one of those people , and a lot of people can 't handle being alone .
tr	I	He could hear them laugh as they jabbed him with the sharp points and many of them were held long spears in their bony hands .
tr	I	A report is due in a few weeks , and the study has just been completed .
tr	I	I took it , and he stuck his hand out .
tr	O	我的意思是，我知道它在宣传册里，但是现实生活中，它真是不可思议。
tr	O	这盏灯不想跟我走，而且它也不想留在我的桌子上。
tr	I	She had no control , but she meant to wipe her eyes .
tr	O	我不能告诉你我懂很多事情，但是我能告诉你我并不害怕。
tr	O	他一直发出那种可怕的噪音，但是护士们安抚他。
tr	O	细语把我从睡梦中吵醒，并且我试图屏蔽掉它们。
tr	I	No brilliantly phrased words came out , and his mouth hung open .
tr	O	她的身体紧贴着他起伏，发出轻柔的呜咽声，并且她的手指颤抖着按在他的肩膀上。
tr	I	The ship 's lighting dimmed to simulate nighttime and she returned to sickbay when Evening Watch began .
tr	I	He didn 't dare say it , but no , he thought , looking at her face .
tr	I	He could feel his hands trembling and his heart was beating too fast .
tr	O	它有河马那么大，并且它湿润发黄的眼睛带着仇恨瞪着他们。
tr	O	我们没在机库里久留，我第一次去的时候，并且我开始明白为什么了。
tr	O	女孩们没有被吓到，但是不可能不紧张。
tr	I	General y rather old , and vampires were scarce .
tr	O	她可能不想嫁给Roly Burger的继承人，但是那并没有改变上帝对她耳语的内容。
tr	I	For the second time tonight she felt foolish , and she stepped back , bumping into the wall .
tr	O	这条小巷没有铺路，并且房屋也变得稀疏起来。
tr	O	他们不被允许，并且即使他们被允许了，我也永远不会明白。
tr	O	他与血亲没有太多正面的经历，但是现在无疑是时候弄清楚了。
tr	I	Piercing blue eyes , and I shivered from the thought of his broad , muscular chest .
tr	O	她希望让自己精疲力尽，这样她今晚就能睡着，但是它没有奏效。
tr	O	她抓住了克里斯汀的手，并且两个女孩仍然穿着全套舞台盛装跑了出去。
tr	O	我枪法很好，但是我不得不承认并非所有碎片都第一次就穿过了门。
tr	I	Jeff used the shot against him , landing a sidekick in on unprotected right , and Patrick tried an uppercut .
tr	O	她需要空间，并且他会给她。
tr	O	罗斯笑了，并且他的心怦然一动。
tr	O	又听到了轻微的脚步声，但是这次女孩瞥见了二楼的一条黄色连衣裙。
tr	O	萨默移开了她的笔记本，并且他占据了桌子。
tr	I	Cole grabbed it from me , but I was about to toss it .
tr	O	我转过身，意识到他做了什么，当时我的肚子顶着我的喉咙，并且世界在我耳边天旋地转。
tr	I	Two thousand Warlords had died trying to recapture him , and it had taken a hundred years to find him .
tr	I	The next began and there was a small space between where one wall ended .
tr	I	Nothing could stop the pain that would follow and the wheels were turning .
tr	I	The wall clock ticked away , and lucius didn 't speak for several minutes .
tr	O	我们一直在一起，并且从未出现过这种问题。
tr	I	It hurt so bad that my hips jerked back away from his a couple of times , but he eased himself in slowly .
tr	I	Everyone came by to introduce themselves , giving Chad a heaping dose of Rossi hospitality and we were seated at a corner table .
tr	I	He was breathing much faster , and nope , it was Colin .
tr	I	Lee happened to be here , and I simply came by to talk to Adrian .
tr	I	I received the tea , and she took my coat .
tr	O	一双手捧着我的膝盖，并且粗糙手掌意想不到的触感让我的大腿颤抖起来。
tr	O	你将遵循这些，并且当它们被问到时，你将在纸上注明它们已被问到。
tr	I	His eager body responded and Deep , even breaths blew hot air over his exposed chest .
tr	I	His hair was black against the sand and his throat was pale in the moonlight .
tr	O	我的转变仍在进行中，但是这次我可能就做对了。
tr	I	That could change with the right persuasion , but this one was a bit rigid for her tastes .
tr	O	她知道其他人能听到她说话，但是这真是一个私人的承诺。
tr	O	他小心翼翼不批评太子，但是他的话语严厉地落在自己儿子身上，使他变得冷酷。
tr	I	Dad said that Peg ruled it , but Thomas may own the place .
tr	I	Her eyes itched and her feet throbbed .
tr	I	I could guess his deliberation , and he sized them both up .
tr	O	我们收好垃圾，并且当我们出去时，斯泰西在自助餐厅外拦住了我。
tr	O	它没有安装枪支，但是它确实有人从其侧门挂着一把机关枪。
tr	O	我的思想驱使我的身体移动，但是我的身体不愿合作。
tr	O	我听到我父亲叫我的名字，并且我母亲在背景里喊着什么。
tr	O	本小说纯属虚构，但是其基础研究项目是真实的。
tr	O	他甚至没有眨眼，但是她已经命中目标。
tr	O	他会告诉萨姆，并且也许那会救他的命。
tr	I	Then I 'd come clean about everything , and I decided to do it in his apartment .
tr	I	He realized play time was over and that brought Daddy back on point .
tr	O	它的门在她肩膀的压力下打开了，并且她猫着腰进入黑暗，来到螺旋楼梯顶端的一个叮当作响的平台。
tr	I	Now I 'm waiting , and I finished his errand .
tr	I	She wasn 't , but everyone else would treat her delicately .
tr	O	菲利斯看起来同样高兴，并且两位女士互相拥抱。
tr	O	奥隆忍不住盯着他看。
tr	I	He was being worked on and we got up to the room .
tr	O	她可能看不到正在发生什么，但是她会感觉到。
tr	O	电话里传来嘶嘶声，一种愤怒的声音，并且接着丝肯又开口了。
tr	I	Until he crossed that boundary she had to feel her way , and he did not fully trust her yet .
tr	I	Her senses heightened and Hoff fell silent .
tr	O	她两次摩擦自己的手腕，虽然他知道这更多是习惯而非疼痛，但是这个动作提醒着她那创伤性的童年。
tr	O	他身材魁梧，并且她娇小玲珑。
tr	I	Then he nodded curtly , and Apollo 's jaw tensed .
tr	O	我做好了准备等待坏消息，但是我微笑着鼓励他开口。
tr	I	Teller fought back the urge to intervene and Jessica redoubled her efforts .
tr	O	我不知道你会待多久，但是我想提醒你一下。
tr	O	他正在改变，并且他体内蕴含着光明的力量。
tr	O	我听不懂这种语言，但是我理解这个词。
tr	O	是时候亮出我的杀手锏了，或者我应该说我的死亡射线枪。
tr	O	起初进展很艰难，但是随着那个小伙子绝望的加深，他的创造力也随之增长。
tr	I	Lauren could surprise her by showing up and Sharon would be there tonight .
tr	O	那是一个我们从高中起就玩的游戏，叫做“五指”，但是我当时没心情。
tr	I	She considered it , and I told her .
tr	O	她知道他可能说的是实话，但是曾经有一段时间她不相信他们会互相隐瞒秘密。
tr	I	It didn 't skip much beats like how Blake does it but my heart beats twice fast .
tr	I	She sat beside him , and he gestured for her .
tr	I	They wondered how much he knew , and they were sure it was Fitch .
tr	I	He caught it , but his voice wavered .
tr	I	I know otherwise , but my eyes travel the expanse of his perfect face , studying him as he presses his lips together in seeming concentration .
tr	O	杰米在我道谢之前就切断了连接，并且我修改了手机设置，以便电池尽快耗尽。
tr	I	He liked him even less in death and he hadn 't liked Dante in life .
tr	O	佩德尔的副本原封不动地放在他的桌上，并且托马斯的则在他的收件箱里那堆信件的最上面。
tr	O	她的姿势稍微放松了一些，并且她警惕地环顾四周。
tr	O	“只是一面普通的镜子，”我心想，但是接着镜子就变黑了。
tr	O	莉丝仍然举着手，检查着指甲，并且我甚至没有多想就迅速瞥了一眼她的指尖。
tr	O	正是在奥卡斯岛，他首次学会了如何使用皮划艇，并且小安妮·彼得罗维奇是他沿着海岸线的向导。
tr	I	People tend to overlook him , and he isn 't very tall .
tr	I	I tried because I knew it would make my dad happy but when I got there she was barely awake enough to talk .
tr	I	Grim would be wondering why he never got a call to come see the body and Charming would be waiting .
tr	I	Spending time with women who felt the same way avoided a lot of unnecessary hassle , and he didn 't do commitment .
tr	I	The more I told him , the quieter he became , but in the beginning he asked questions .
tr	I	For half a heartbeat , Dunk feared the boy might talk back , and Egg flushed .
tr	O	突然间食物在他嘴里变成了灰烬，并且他的胃口也消失了。
tr	O	他让她呼吸沉重，思绪一片空白。
tr	O	星星逐渐清晰可见，当时夏天把一个罐子拉入背包，并且特雷弗把另一个塞进自己的背包。
tr	O	突袭萨拉米斯会激怒他，但是这不一定会促使他采取行动。
tr	O	当她经过新来的英国领班时，她低着头，避开目光，希望以此让自己尽可能不引人注目。
tr	O	夏延之前没有注意到，但是玛吉的眼睛下面似乎有眼袋。
tr	O	他进入了防守姿态，并且瑟琳娜呆滞地看着他。
tr	I	Liz felt sad and it was Thursday of the second week .
tr	O	我知道我们把这个地方说得像座监狱，但是它对我们来说就是这样。
tr	O	塔姆开始想说什么，但是罗利打断了他。
tr	I	They nudged through a small crowd to gain seats near the window , and Garrett gestured to the right , claiming it had the better view .
tr	O	她像以前一样用力地吻上我的唇，但是这次我抵抗了。
tr	I	A demon wasn 't , but it was complete bullshit that a vampire was allowed inside .
tr	I	The playboy here covered his emotions with charm , and the colonel couched everything with curt professionalism .
tr	I	Winston was glad to be terminating the relationship , but they 'd been his benefactors .
tr	O	她双颊上出现了酒窝，并且皮埃尔被迷住了，失神了。
tr	I	Tonight it felt more like a threat , but normally it would have been a sweet gesture .
tr	I	It wasn 't in sympathy for Nan , but my chest hurt .
tr	O	他的牛仔裤裤脚似乎在惹他发痒，但是我知道那是我们谈话的方向。
tr	I	Hank led her daughter into the great room , then out the front door and the two of them stood .
tr	I	He pursed his lips together and thick muscles worked in back .
tr	O	我没有预料到任何反对，或者你会得到更好的装备。
tr	I	That was it , and Fed and watered .
tr	O	空调已经停了两天，并且十月的天气变得异常温暖。
tr	O	那个混蛋的肩膀很宽，并且他看起来相当结实。
tr	I	He met Isaac 's glare a bit more hesitantly than before , and his eyes widened when he realized he had yelled at his ruler .
tr	O	大门打开了，并且我开车离开了。
tr	O	他太明白了，并且这让他心如刀绞。
tr	O	她的嘴唇张开了，并且她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	Several people glanced in our direction , and Evan jerked his thumb at Archer .
tr	O	凯特回头看了一眼，扬了扬眉毛，但是汉娜示意她继续。
tr	O	我翻看了其他摄像头，但是一切看起来都完全正常。
tr	O	我悄悄离开了杰克逊的床，并且他把一把刀插进了我的背。
tr	I	Then he stopped altogether , but Duncan laughed as he waved a hand through the soot .
tr	O	他回望着她，情绪难以捉摸，但是她能从他的眼中看到一场激烈的冲突。
tr	I	Munson begins narrating what 's happening and he gives Munson a Bluetooth headset .
tr	O	当她意识到找不到它时，她会感到不安，并且他似乎喜欢惹她生气。
tr	I	The temperature was starting to drop into a comfortable range and the sun was going down now .
tr	I	It hadn 't been a disaster and I had sex with a man .
tr	I	He didn 't want to lose her , either , but he didn 't want to commit to a relationship .
tr	O	他的嘴唇猛地吻上她的，并且那感觉很美妙。
tr	I	Words refused to form , but Emma opened her mouth to reply .
tr	I	When he turned around , the light from the bathroom shone on his face , and he had his back to her .
tr	O	我想问他是谁，但是我内心的一部分并不真的在意。
tr	O	她的眼睛依然闭着，并且她向他摇摆过去。
tr	I	It was never good enough , but I had an hourglass figure .
tr	O	我们与他并肩骑行，并且他勒住了他的马。
tr	I	They 're afraid of being seen , but I really don 't know why .
tr	I	I learned that he 'd acted in that capacity for Merrill for a long time before becoming an Enforcer , and Brock was waiting to drive us .
tr	O	一声微弱的回应从峡谷底部传来，并且他僵住了。
tr	O	然而，当她走近时，她注意到了他的一些事情，并且她的脚步踉跄了。
tr	O	他总是说那样的话，并且他的饮料也没那么好。
tr	O	艾瑞对皇宫婚礼的想法感到非常兴奋，并且两个女孩在重逢时开心地笑了。
tr	I	When he realized who it was , his eyes widened , and Braeden seemed to just notice her .
tr	O	如果他看到她有所软弱，他就会施压，并且她不相信自己能坚守住。
tr	I	Rocks me and mom pulls me into her arms .
tr	I	He was shaking slightly and his skin felt hot .
tr	I	My stomach churns with nausea , and my neck flushes with heat .
tr	O	我不想承认，但是知道如果我跟别的男人说话他会吃醋，这让我感觉很好。
tr	O	她听到身后有脚步声跟着，但是她没有停下来。
tr	I	I could deny the unspoken but I couldn 't deny it .
tr	O	他手里拿着枪，并且我颤抖了一下。
tr	I	They started walking and he put his arm around Emma 's shoulders .
tr	I	It did not look good but he did not know what to make of the reaction .
tr	O	他试图把手抬到我脸上，但是它无力地垂在了他身边。
tr	I	She clenched her teeth against it and Case offered her water .
tr	I	Its wingspan is impressive and it ´ s huge .
tr	I	They found themselves in front of a planetary model with all the currents charted out and the large glazed hall disappeared .
tr	O	我走到灌木丛旁和她会合，并且我们开始吃一些浆果。
tr	I	I won 't be so careless again , and I gave my report to the police .
tr	I	The girl accepted it , but the apology sounded empty .
tr	I	He couldn 't kiss me enough and like his life would end at any moment .
tr	O	我的头还在因为马歇尔刚才所做的事情而眩晕，并且我甚至无法正常思考。
tr	O	我的父亲曾警告我，研究生院会很辛苦，但是，我没有想到会是这样。
tr	I	Maybe that was because I was now leaving it , but it didn 't look so scary anymore .
tr	O	他问道，并且，琴弦的拨动声停止了。
tr	I	Other people , other young girls , are at risk , and if a mistake has been made , someone out there is getting away with murder .
tr	O	我的心在胃里狂跳，而且我所有的感官都高度警觉，这都无关紧要。
tr	O	他们的心跳加速，随着门咔哒一声关上，并且他们听到氧气迅速被吸出房间的声音。
tr	I	Owen slid me down the wall , and we both shuddered out our release .
tr	O	他脚下的地面正在下降，但是，他却没有。
tr	O	她想告诉他们发生了什么，但是，与此同时，她想保守她的秘密。
tr	I	I paused to look behind me , and she screamed .
tr	O	他已经把它许诺给她了，但是，这却让他痛苦不堪。
tr	O	年度学术成就奖是最后一个，而且，杰罗姆花了很多时间才讲到它。
tr	I	Somehow she couldn 't summon the will to do so , but the next day , Elena awoke fully intending to leave the castle .
tr	I	I realized that I had just made a truly horrible mistake , and she was grinning .
tr	I	He could still carry it , but the sword would not obey him , even if he had decided to use it .
tr	O	克鲁格小姐爬到我旁边，并且我被她打算亲自驾驶这件事吸引了。
tr	O	驾驶员的车门开了，并且车内灯亮了。
tr	O	我是个混蛋，并且我把你赶走了。
tr	O	他捧着她的脸颊，并且她靠在他身上。
tr	O	海水拍打着一边，并且岛屿在另一边展开。
tr	I	She was so grateful , but Baby steps .
tr	I	That was our final stop of the day , and Mdina is also home to St. Paul 's Catacombs .
tr	I	I gave her a wry smile and she searched me for a sign of some lie to my words .
tr	O	她停顿了一下，并且我悬着。
tr	I	That alone was something and I had achieved something .
tr	I	His brows drew together , thinking furiously about the past few weeks and his fists clenched .
tr	O	希望燃起，但是我没有拿出香槟。
tr	I	She covered her mouth to stifle a scream when he tried to peer in her window , and he stepped onto the porch .
tr	I	He 'd never said anything about the castle belonging to the Keepers , but Alex had mentioned that the lake was the entrance to The Underworld .
tr	I	I was her knight in shining armor and she pretended she was a lady in distress .
tr	I	This time , Mutt can 't keep his hold , and Corr rears again .
tr	I	It felt wrong to see it , and it was an unguarded look .
tr	I	He melted at the mention of his mate , but Victor might be a fierce clan chief who enforced his laws with a brutal strength .
tr	I	Then with a loud grunt hauled them into the trunk of the car , and he reached for my bags , missed twice .
tr	I	We walked out together towards her car and Nellie got up .
tr	O	他的心怦怦直跳，并且肾上腺素在他体内涌动，就像他侦察兵时期每次涉及爆炸物时一样。
tr	I	She cuts him off but he opens his mouth to say something .
tr	O	他有一头红发，但是相似之处到此为止。
tr	O	她开着一辆旧黄色汽车，并且她开得很快。
tr	I	He 'd show her how to satiate both their needs , and she could tease the hell out of him any time .
tr	O	我感觉她更像一只鸟，并且我是一只带着毛茸茸尾巴的可爱林地生物。
tr	I	The shuttle should have been on their radar and ten minutes passed .
tr	O	不过这一刻无法永恒，并且爸爸最终叹了口气。
tr	I	Her concern matched his , but Alisha had agreed with the plan because it was the most logical .
tr	O	我分辨不出他是否醉了，因为我对他不够了解，但是他看起来有点站不稳。
tr	I	That person no longer existed , but I had been Ezra Faulkner , golden boy .
tr	I	Suddenly I 'm feeling rather kidnapped even if I did voluntarily drive myself here , and he lends me a hand as we hop inside .
tr	O	我不确定那是否让我感到轻松，但是知道杰森会陪在我身边确实让我感到轻松。
tr	O	她爸爸在看当地报纸，并且马克在用手机发短信。
tr	O	发动机尖叫着启动了，并且她把车开上了街。
tr	O	我一直很想尝试，并且当传单寄到时，似乎老天爷终究还是眷顾我的。
tr	I	Only the family knew the truth , but I 'd already signed over parental rights giving him the opportunity to be their father .
tr	I	Most of his are hidden by his clothing , but my dad is covered in tattoos , too .
tr	O	他的手伸了出去，并且他碰触了我的一缕头发。
tr	O	她有些不对劲，但是我想不明白那是什么。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且他回以微笑。
tr	O	我知道我听起来像个爱哭闹的孩子，并且韦斯可能费了不少周折才使用了医院的小教堂。
tr	O	一道亮光闪过，并且智者们聚拢得更紧了。
tr	O	这房子有一股陈旧的、几乎发霉的气味，但是我仍然能闻到我爸爸枕头上的气味。
tr	I	I was more disappointed ; but I was angry , sure .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure where the shots were coming from , but Sage was certain that at least two gunmen were firing .
tr	I	His look showed that he was afraid , and the captain looked at the first officer .
tr	O	所有的艺术品都还在卡车里，并且看起来没有任何东西被偷。
tr	I	She felt a rush of panic and leaves rustled nearby .
tr	I	The wind picked up a little now and the warmth of the sun felt great .
tr	I	He was eager to see her bright , cheerful smile again , but he probably should let her sleep a bit longer .
tr	I	I don 't care at this moment in time , but it 's not even single malt .
tr	O	诺亚的手在颤抖，尽管他努力挤出笑容，并且他实际上看起来快要哭了。
tr	O	我想好好想想我的一天，努力拼凑出发生的事情，但是我的眼睛却睁不开。
tr	I	He hadn 't seen Reginald enter and the door had been propped open .
tr	I	I shift it so it is more comfortable and the gun is heavy across my chest .
tr	I	He felt a terrible stab of fear and James 's blood ran cold .
tr	O	那个男人又朝卡莉肩后看了一眼，并且她点了点头。
tr	O	早些时候我让女仆把布放在正式餐桌上，并且她们报告说它不见了。
tr	O	有人想要销毁一大批合同，并且他们想让我来做。
tr	O	她伸出手，并且我把头颅扔了下去。
tr	O	巴克也认为风景趋于怪诞，但是那却取悦了他扭曲的审美观和情趣。
tr	O	我盯着它，麻木地，知道我需要穿上它，但是无法命令我的身体移动。
tr	O	圆形房间的门伴随着一声响亮的吱呀声打开了，并且我瞥了一眼，半期望看到劳克闯进来。
tr	I	We needed our papers , but I didn 't know .
tr	I	We sat at the kitchen table and he took my hand .
tr	I	Looking back on it , it was very significant , but it may have seemed ordinary at the time .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop him , and both her arms were occupied .
tr	O	大部分尸体都裹着裹尸布，但是一些无人照管的尸体散落在四周。
tr	O	凯尔把他的行踪掩盖得很好，但是官方听到的越少越好，是吧？
tr	I	Every moment had stuck with him , but the woman had been a brief light in his life .
tr	I	The dream faded , and the volcano disappeared .
tr	O	然后他似乎是第一次注意到肖恩苍白的脸，并且他明显地挺起了肩膀。
tr	O	男人抬头看着他，并且他的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	A summer full of adventure was awaiting , and I breathed easier knowing that all the hard work was behind me .
tr	I	Her eyes moved between mine with a touch of approaching interest , but her expression was unchanged , still inflexible .
tr	O	这可能只是我的想象，但是我们走得越久，天空似乎就越暗。
tr	I	Chill bumps were predominant on her skin and she shivered .
tr	I	That thought was soon lost to lust , but Stan felt a little sorry for them .
tr	I	This is about justice , but well , I do love Andie .
tr	O	我讨厌不得不诉诸此类手段，但是我不会让他们欺负我一整个小时。
tr	O	我的怒火闪了一下，并且我瞪了他一眼。
tr	I	He was mentally ill to some extent , and people called him Ravi .
tr	I	I 'm just going to have to hope for the best but I have no idea what the hell is below me .
tr	I	Rachel glanced up , and the computer beeped .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to give him the satisfaction of seeing any tears , but the chalk dust made her eyes water .
tr	I	Aggrieved outlaws would strike back from their forest dens , and polonius had pointed out to Ambrose that even peaceful farmers could be pushed too far .
tr	O	这不是一个高档的地方，但是它也不是一个蟑螂窝。
tr	O	他已经很多年没见过她了，并且即使在那时，她也总是和杰西卡在一起，而杰西卡总是抢走他的注意力。
tr	O	丹妮卡的眼睛睁大了，并且她的嘴巴张开了。
tr	I	She loved every second , and he knew the power of their attraction , understood how to heighten the anticipation .
tr	O	愧疚沉重地盘踞在她心头，并且她盯着自己的双手。
tr	O	她所有的员工从技术上讲都是兼职的，但是凯文却承担了非官方的副经理职责。
tr	O	我从碗橱里拿出两个盘子，并且我倒了一些鲜榨橙汁。
tr	I	He knew I didn 't really want to hear it , but I could tell he wanted to say something in defense of the new justice center .
tr	O	我在下一个路口右转了，并且走了几个街区后我们就迷路了。
tr	I	Anyone else not blood - related ... and Patricia Thurman was in there somewhere .
tr	I	Now all she saw was a scrutinizing intensity and the glint from the day before had disappeared .
tr	I	He 'd used the information wisely , and an early developer , she 'd been mortified by his discovery .
tr	O	她告诉我们，她一年多前购买了那座城堡，并且这项工作至今仍在继续。
tr	O	这些记忆正在摧毁他，并且她不确定她是否想知道他父亲曾对他施加了怎样的残忍。
tr	I	The living room light switches on and the sun sets behind the house .
tr	I	The shock of still being alive hadn 't faded , but Rory 's world began to make sense again .
tr	O	玛丽亚张开了双腿，并且我割破了我的皮肤。
tr	I	I wasn 't planned and what happened with Chad .
tr	I	It seemed to work , but he had no idea what word he used .
tr	O	埃德温娜脸上带着灿烂的笑容转向他，并且他立刻就知道她醉了。
tr	I	I knew it and I was too drunk to drive right then .
tr	I	Her fingers locked with his , and she came to him with soft steps .
tr	O	赞恩看起来很惊讶，并且我笑了。
tr	O	他没有发现任何让他警觉的东西，但是谢伊的内心充满了真正的恐惧。
tr	O	蓝色的火花在他修长的指尖闪烁，并且空气中突然弥漫着一股刺鼻的烧焦味。
tr	O	她感谢大家的关心，但是她希望他们都能回家。
tr	O	他递给她瓶子，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	O	一声叫喊惊动了我们所有人，并且一个女人跑向我们。
tr	O	我知道他是一名体育经纪人，但是我不知道他有这样的客户。
tr	O	它发出一声尖叫，并且它在雨中碎裂成金色的尘埃。
tr	O	他用力呼气，并且虽然她能看出这对他来说很困难，但她需要的不仅仅是表面的解释。
tr	I	I 'm growing very tired of life and I 've lived several hundred years already .
tr	I	He couldn 't believe it and we had a Yank on board !
tr	O	我问了，并且他眨了眨眼。
tr	O	他会等两天，并且然后他会打电话给她。
tr	O	Lucky担忧地看着我，并且我很同情她。
tr	I	The stuff I did get was pretty interesting , but I didn 't understand all of it .
tr	O	我们喜欢用步枪狩猎小动物，并且我们花了很多时间骑自行车探索乡村。
tr	O	她畏缩了一下，并且她的眼睛湿润了。
tr	O	今天我第一次终于感到开心，而且她毁了这一切。
tr	I	She moved back into her own seat , rubbing at her wrist and I let go .
tr	I	Fidget had definitely seen it , and those that had seen it never needed a repeat performance .
tr	O	两下强烈的震动把两扇门都震开了，并且两名男子都下去了。
tr	I	Carly 's pain would be a distant memory and Mike sighed , reminding himself that he 'd be back touring the world in no time .
tr	O	这需要三次单独的移动，但是我到达了我想要去的地方。
tr	O	麦吉尔的船在右边，但是渡轮开得太快了。
tr	O	海伦的声音随着她的警觉而升高，并且她的丈夫畏缩了一下。
tr	I	She still hadn 't made an appearance this morning , but the cup belonged to their fourth housemate , Eve .
tr	O	安斯利揉了揉马鬃下方，并且茉莉享受地半闭着眼睛。
tr	O	她是他唯一能看到的东西，但是他不想看到她这个样子。
tr	I	Then it would move again , and his skin grew around the blade .
tr	O	这是一个痛苦的哭喊，但是几乎立刻之后加百列就安静了。
tr	O	我在新闻上看到了爱默生的尸体，但是那还不够。
tr	O	他的手找到她的头发，并且他只是轻轻地抱着她。
tr	I	The icy need to kill the one holding her and felt his pulse kick with fear of harming her .
tr	O	如果他明智的话，他会想要一个冬夜来穿越英吉利海峡，而且白天已经越来越长了。
tr	I	Nothing else had changed , but he had gained weight .
tr	I	I wonder how much she could care about this , but anyway I wrote down my sorrow , which my mother advice me to do ?
tr	O	豪伊正对着他的咖啡杯笑，但是拉尔夫没有停下来。
tr	I	His face was serious , but he smiled a little .
tr	O	他说，并且我耸了耸肩。
tr	O	她热爱烹饪，而且也许是时候把她的菜肴带给人们了。
tr	I	He let me control the beat and I built a steady rhythm .
tr	O	手推车像围绕着新行星核心聚集的小行星一样撞向它，但是少数到达者做了别的事情。
tr	O	他有一对十，并且查理有一对皇后。
tr	I	She 'd faced that reality , and he did have to leave .
tr	I	The legs squeaked across the kitchen tile , and he pushed his chair back .
tr	I	He followed the glow of the lamp like a lifeline as they climbed into a dense pine wood and the men were already moving on .
tr	O	阿里能理解每个单独的词，但是合在一起它们就没有意义了。
tr	I	I could tell she was thinking about what to say and Savanna stared at me .
tr	I	She would probably tell me so , and it was none of my business .
tr	I	The sensations didn 't stop there , but I gasped in surprise .
tr	O	天空中的黑暗依然浓重，但是我需要安慰。
tr	I	Gustav was sent somewhere else , and the transport had a problem .
tr	I	I had a lot more responsibility , but I worked for a much smaller company in D.C. .
tr	I	He quickly saw the trajectory of the lamp , and his thoughts sped up .
tr	I	He didn 't , but for some reason , I expected him to smile .
tr	I	It started to worry me a bit , and I wasn 't sure why she was asking me that .
tr	O	有人给了我一个大红气球，并且不知为何它是我从任何人那里收到的最喜欢的礼物。
tr	O	是的，他在一种原始的性意义上察觉到了她，但是别的什么也击中了他。
tr	O	她推开他的胸膛，但是即使她也不得不承认那是一次非常敷衍的努力。
tr	O	房间另一边有人低声说了些我听不清的话，但是科迪却大笑起来。
tr	I	There was no going back and they 'd passed that line .
tr	O	倒不是说死者有什么威胁，但是他不想作呕。
tr	O	她内心深处曾有一小部分希望那只是一个巧合，但是她现在知道不是了。
tr	I	I heard myself laugh -- anything to kill the panic and Carter screamed .
tr	I	Apparently this wasn 't a popular off-ramp , but Traffic wasn 't completely absent on the highway .
tr	O	门廊灯亮着，并且他们彼此对视。
tr	O	太阳现在在高层建筑后面，并且影子长长地延伸过主要的土路。
tr	I	I was sure glad to see her , and Holding onto me was Suzanne .
tr	O	监视器爆炸了，并且人们被抛向四面八方，他们的身体被撕裂。
tr	O	他不知道，并且他也不在乎。
tr	O	我离信号源越近，灯就闪得越快，并且声音就会哔得越快。
tr	O	我们不得不跳线启动它，并且看来她会成功。
tr	I	For a moment it seems that we 're totally in the clear , and Emerson steers the Chevy out of the school parking lot .
tr	O	如果我刚醒来，光线会刺激我的眼睛，并且我一直认为我的基因里一定有些猫的成分。
tr	O	他点了点头，并且他的长黑发垂在了脸上。
tr	O	他们会把大楼封锁，并且我们就会像老鼠一样被困住。
tr	I	Her mind was all too often drawn to her impending visit to Zeus ' ' house ' , but she paid attention as much as she could .
tr	I	He pointed to the open door , and I furrowed my brows at him .
tr	I	His proud friend must have had a hard time of it and the pain of them was excruciating .
tr	O	我甚至没有注意到学生们已经开始陆续走出去了，并且现在这里已经空了一半。
tr	O	我的胳膊沉得像灌了铅，并且我的脚也开始酸痛起来。
tr	I	He didn 't resume , but Rebecca waited .
tr	O	我非常想相信他，但是我却不明白他怎么能处理好任何事情。
tr	O	艾格尼丝又举起了手，但是这次保罗抓住了她的手腕。
tr	O	我盯着她，试图弄明白，但是她的一切现在都紧闭着。
tr	O	窗帘拉上了，并且双人床也铺得很糟糕。
tr	O	他们可能已经死了，并且这都是我的错。
tr	I	She smiled at him , and Grace 's shoulders went soft .
tr	I	They pulled out a photo album , and I asked about the 1990 heist .
tr	O	弗朗兹略感惊慌，退回了走廊，但是他仍然能看到卧室里面。
tr	O	安东尼娅看到了他眼中的变化，并且她后退远离了他，对那种欲望的恐惧胜过对刚才怒气的恐惧。
tr	I	Soon he wouldn 't have any skin left to exfoliate or Jonah really needed to cut back on the Air elemental facials .
tr	O	她会碍手碍脚，并且担心她会让他发疯。
tr	O	是的，我一直在找他，并且我看到他时甚至不知道是他，这让我有点尴尬。
tr	I	The whole frame was trembling from the heavy bass in the basement , but Al the windows were black , as if the place were empty .
tr	I	Once again curiosity got the better of me , but I knew I should stop questioning Eirik .
tr	O	他没有看到危险的迹象，但是肯定有什么不对劲。
tr	I	It should be handled qualified and it was professional , intentional .
tr	I	It was also necessary , but the question was pointed .
tr	O	路易莎不知道他们在金库里待了多久，但是她试了试逃生锁扣，没有成功。
tr	I	It is wreaking havoc on airplanes and the ash has carried in the air .
tr	O	我再次抬高臀部，让他更深入，并且杰克逊失控了。
tr	O	Abby是一名芭蕾舞演员，并且她热爱跳舞。
tr	I	She nodded and her friend asked .
tr	O	一旦入座，谈话继续，接着是愧疚的眼神，并且偶尔的转头。
tr	O	珀西瓦尔对维奥莱特说了晚安，但是她反而给了他一个大大的拥抱。
tr	O	他可能会把她抱得太紧，并且他甚至不会注意到。
tr	O	她的腿累了，但是她继续跑着。
tr	I	He yanked me against him , and I opened my mouth to ask ... something .
tr	I	I dared to give Adrian 's hand a small squeeze , and the clerk was typing away on a computer .
tr	I	It was nearly completely closed , and the bullet was already out of my shoulder .
tr	I	She wanted him to come back soon , but she barely admitted it to herself .
tr	O	她点燃了香烟，并且她开始哭了。
tr	I	My sweatpants are being worn for the fourth evening in a row and I know my hair is being held up with a pencil .
tr	O	也许情况恰恰相反，并且劳伦甚至不知道这件事。
tr	I	I let out an awestruck gasp and my hand fluttered to my mouth .
tr	I	Him feeling her seemed to be a big deal to him , but she wasn 't sure exactly what he was trying to say .
tr	I	We sit and Lexie leads me to a table .
tr	I	He wasn 't dead , but his eyes were glassy .
tr	O	她对着他的脖子咯咯地笑，并且他颤抖着，紧紧地抱着她。
tr	I	It isn 't that bad , but Arcane can be very annoying .
tr	O	我的头靠在头枕上向后仰去，并且我抬起脸看向天花板。
tr	I	That was the way he liked it , but people feared him .
tr	O	我没有任何特别的记忆告诉我这一点，但是我内心的感觉却不容置疑。
tr	O	我爱他爱到想紧紧抱住他，但是我的手臂不够强壮。
tr	O	我可以帮助你，并且我也可以搭乘。
tr	O	我知道你不相信，并且那并非我所关心。
tr	O	燕麦吃完后，艾斯利准备离开马厩，但是茉莉突然甩动后躯，堵住了出口。
tr	O	她捕捉到他的目光，并且他们笑了。
tr	O	小屋侧面有一个大洞，并且门在入口前碎成了碎片。
tr	I	I knew that the inside of the cabin would be warm , and my body had practically gone numb from the cold .
tr	O	他听起来和她一样对这突如其来的变故感到震惊，并且他的声音带着一种沙哑低沉的音色，像烈性威士忌一样。
tr	I	It would dramatically improve our odds if they were here , but I wasn 't sure if I wanted his family anywhere near this madman .
tr	O	那算不上什么保护，但是它总归是有点用处。
tr	O	我的继母是白人，而且她有蓝色的眼睛。
tr	O	我抬头看向他的眼睛，那是一片深邃的碧蓝色海洋，它们正热切地凝视着我的眼睛，并且我不得不提醒自己呼吸。
tr	O	我们几乎要到下一个点了，并且我需要你做好立即离开的准备。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure where to look and the room was silent for a few minutes as we stood there .
tr	I	I slowed too , eventually bringing my horse to a halt , and it snapped me from my haze .
tr	O	她的眼睛看着图表，并且她点了点头，因为信号强度仍然很高。
tr	I	I 'd really been trying to wash him from my memories , but I 'd told myself I was looking for someone else .
tr	I	His limbs felt strange , but he automatically got up to fill a glass of cold water for her .
tr	O	现在我不再遭受剧痛，再次睡觉听起来是个好主意，并且我在十分钟内就睡着了。
tr	O	我几乎每晚都梦到它，但是我却从不敢向他提起。
tr	I	They headed back toward the house and Jason put his arm around her .
tr	O	他们以前也对我生气过，但是这完全是另一回事。
tr	O	他说得有道理，并且我以为其他所有人都听到了，当他们涌进厨房的时候。
tr	I	He carried it well , but he was a big man .
tr	O	水是温的，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	窗框上仍然残留着玻璃碎片，但是我不得不做。
tr	O	我伸出手，但是浆果够不着。
tr	O	一副修剪整齐的胡须会很适合你，并且一副眼镜总是个好主意。
tr	I	She was a primate biologist , but Mae was a good biologist .
tr	I	Once his blood started flowing again , he felt a deep sense of dread , but at first Bob felt numb .
tr	O	我正在写这篇东西的这一天，我签了监护权文件并且我们怀着双胞胎。
tr	I	I was able to lock the sound part of the house away from the burned part , and he had it installed within fifteen minutes .
tr	I	It went off and that I was fighting for the gun .
tr	I	He had the most intense eyes she 'd ever , and he had a strong jaw , a prominent brow .
tr	I	The kiss deepened until the whole room was spinning , and the heat of him , the taste of him overwhelmed me .
tr	I	Holly didn 't need Margie to support the lie , but Margie wouldn 't know what he was talking about once he got there , of course .
tr	I	Suddenly my back is against one of his office walls and whirling around , Ethan takes a few steps to the right .
tr	I	She keeps her eyes trained neatly on the whiteboard , but there 's no way she doesn 't see me .
tr	O	一切都不是谎言，但是也许她对杰克说得有点太多了。
tr	O	我瞥了一眼艾薇儿，并且她点了一次头。
tr	O	我不是那种会逃避考验的人，但是我必须离开那里！
tr	I	The movie had released a week ago and the book Anja had become a phenomenal success .
tr	O	他们的皮毛着火了，并且他们尖叫着，跳回了他们自己的队伍中。
tr	O	他甚至还没开始放松，但是她知道他一定已经筋疲力尽了。
tr	I	She narrowed her eyes at it and the volcano glowed in the distance .
tr	O	这隐约有些可悲，并且我不可悲。
tr	I	No sound came out , but Julie tried to scream .
tr	I	It 's too wide without his body beside me , but I sit on the rock where Cressida filmed us .
tr	I	I straighten , ready to stretch my legs , and he clicks on his blinker for the exit .
tr	I	Neither was it dilapidated , but it wasn 't a remarkable place in any manner .
tr	O	她的声音哽咽了，并且她再也说不出来了。
tr	O	我探出身子，并且我很高兴看到一道转瞬即逝的金属光泽，表明物体仍在原位。
tr	O	我看到了公交车扬起的尘土，但是我根本不可能追上它了。
tr	I	She didn 't care who knew it , and Cassidy wanted him .
tr	I	Whatever they were discussing was not pleasant , and she was at a table with a well-dressed young man .
tr	I	The Council chased him with bloodhounds , but taking both of the keys , he tried to escape the town .
tr	I	I knew very little about her and my real mom was out of the picture completely .
tr	I	I reached inside to get my purse , which held a change of clothes and Bill clicked his car open .
tr	O	他现在确实能听到乔的脚步声，并且它们听起来像是越来越近了。
tr	O	她所要做的就是闭上眼睛，并且她就和朱莉在一起了，感受着她的无助。
tr	O	这让我有点紧张不安，并且我不知道为什么。
tr	I	He lifted his head to watch her face and his tongue swathed her wound .
tr	I	The golden flames suddenly wrapped around Baal , and Alyosha roared again .
tr	O	身处陌生人房间从未困扰过她，然而今晚她却希望自己有一件隐形斗篷。
tr	O	我想标记她，但是我我知道我可能不应该在公共场合那样做。
tr	O	这次我将它穿过墙壁，并且它穿过去了！
tr	I	It would not open , but Paul tried the gate .
tr	I	There was no darkness for sale , but she paged through the biggest catalogues .
tr	O	他的思绪可能一片混乱，但是是的，他能够微笑。
tr	O	他肌肉发达的身体呼出一口气，并且他砰地一声摔到地上。
tr	O	罗伯托的小木屋不比她的更大，并且没有地方放她的东西。
tr	O	他没有认出她，但是她显然是阿什利的朋友。
tr	I	I prayed to God that Ian didn 't invite his father , and I was nervous about this party .
tr	I	Her gaze was towards the skies and she seemed to be unconcerned about the whole thing , definitely not as volatile as before .
tr	I	I hadn 't listened and Blake had warned me .
tr	O	我要去拿一个心理咨询学位，并且我要去帮助其他经历过我所经历的事情的女性。
tr	I	She didn 't care , but his voice was still odd .
tr	I	He kept me upright , but unbalanced , I tottered .
tr	O	他曾说她是朋友的姐妹，并且他们之间从未有过任何浪漫关系。
tr	I	Though Mike was feeling better about his legal prospects , his relief was offset by Sides 's warning , and sides was obviously a smart guy .
tr	I	The ghouls eyed each other , and something howled , off in the desert to their left .
tr	I	I don 't have a lot of homework left to do and classes are coming to an end .
tr	O	我本来会不收贿赂就让他进去的，但是他说他不再想要那只手套了。
tr	I	She did , his pleasure a trigger for her own , but he didn 't expect her to come again so quickly .
tr	I	I pulled up a chair from a neighboring table , and Hugh scooted to make room for me .
tr	O	她不是那种女孩，并且尼古拉也不是那种男人。
tr	I	The coded locks were specified in the agreement , and it seemed like a good deal at the time .
tr	O	地板狠狠地撞击着我，并且我翻身侧卧。
tr	O	凯文不打算要求任何回报，但是他不能禁止她说话。
tr	O	那可能不是她说的原话，但是这已经很接近她所想的了。
tr	O	你已被衡量，发现有所欠缺，并且我将审判你。
tr	O	她仍然没有出现，但是她的寒意已经弥漫了整个房间。
tr	I	All that was left was the color of his eyes staring back at me and Ryder 's face began to disappear .
tr	I	His lips crooked up , and she sputtered in outrage .
tr	O	他们似乎觉得我的出现很合理，但是他们在黑市肯定见过更糟糕的。
tr	I	The limousine pulled up outside his headquarters building , but she was already shaking her head in denial .
tr	O	我试图回答，但是我却在抽泣。
tr	O	如果他们没有遵守那些合同，我想要知道，并且我想要他们尽快坐在这些座位上。
tr	O	他在照片里笑着，并且他非常年轻。
tr	O	那可能是二十条龙，但是我省略了那个细节。
tr	O	就在那第一天，我想杀了他，并且沙恩希望我拥有他。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他离开了。
tr	O	她仍然拥有这所房子，并且税款已结清。
tr	I	It thrilled him , but he should have found it horrible .
tr	I	I put my hand to my mouth as I realized why and there was something familiar about the steady , rhythmic sound .
tr	I	I was actually pretty scared and the alcohol was wearing off .
tr	O	巨大的方帆在她头顶上方飘扬，水手们在船上四处攀爬，他们操纵着索具，一路驶向爱尔华体育平台注册兰。
tr	O	尽管指控很微妙，但它奏效了，并且其余的领袖们将沉重的目光投向了谢伊。
tr	O	她的心跳加快了，并且她的呼吸变得浅短。
tr	O	我知道将要发生什么，但是它仍然让我感到惊讶。
tr	O	他们都试图用手臂遮住脸，但是没有足够的时间成功完成那项任务。
tr	I	I knew what he expected , and he knew what I needed .
tr	O	再多一点动作，并且我就会被发现。
tr	I	She says it 's rare but she wants what Blaire has .
tr	I	They heard the thumping bass of an extremely loud music system that pumped out Cuban salsa , and they approached a nightclub .
tr	I	The pain returned , worse than before , and just as the unspeakable pain was beginning to subside , he felt the teeth digging into his thigh .
tr	I	They build good schools and they make good money .
tr	I	Dean was close enough that I had to look over his shoulder to see her , but he didn 't make that same mistake .
tr	O	我很想问他关于那场官司的事，但是我没有。
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，并且我疯狂地环顾四周。
tr	I	The springs announce my movement , and I climb out of bed .
tr	O	我努力不让他的话困扰我，并且我继续。
tr	O	当他抬头时，他看到一个高大的人影正凶狠地瞪着他，并且他的笑容扩大了。
tr	I	Rachel did not want Kara to share in her hurt but Kara 's heart hurt for her .
tr	I	Julia sat down at the table and I went into the kitchen .
tr	I	I could still pick them apart , but her words were bunched together .
tr	O	我简直不敢相信自己竟然开始考虑这件事，但是她告诉我的关于她父亲的事情引起了我的兴趣。
tr	I	Todd received the worse end of it , and he was working off some serious aggression .
tr	I	I was already strung so tight that even alcohol wouldn 't bring me down and I was less than half a day in .
tr	I	In fact her head hurt only a little , and her bruises felt better .
tr	I	I took it without thinking and he held out his hand .
tr	O	雷夫对她皱眉，并且她只是耸了耸肩。
tr	O	他的臀部紧贴着她的，并且她能感觉到他牙齿在她脖子上轻微的刺痛。
tr	I	Driver dude didn 't need to know that , but right before I rammed my knife into his heart .
tr	O	她的睫毛膏有点花了，但是克莱尔想，反正那都是哥特风格的一部分。
tr	O	他带着嗜血的欲望尖叫着，然而听不到任何声音。
tr	O	他的鼻子与其说是巨魔的，不如说是人类的，但是他的耳朵却弥补了这一点。
tr	I	I felt a fluttering between my thighs , and he brought the glass to his lips .
tr	O	从过去向上席卷，从未来的岁月向下席卷。
tr	O	她心中的情感占据了上风，并且她回唱起来。
tr	O	玛丽埃伦在楼梯顶端遇见了他，并且他把手臂环在她腰上。
tr	O	秒钟过去了，并且它们似乎是永恒。
tr	O	他弯腰去捡，但是一只狗却把它从他手里抢走了。
tr	O	帕克把克莱奥满满一杯酒倒进了水槽，并且她笑得更厉害了，好像他正在模仿一样。
tr	O	我的头开始眩晕，并且我能感觉到我的兴奋在积累。
tr	I	Brandon groaned from the back and he swerved the Humvee sharply .
tr	I	At least Billy figured he did , or Rod blushed .
tr	O	有火柴的划擦声，并且一盏灯被点亮了。
tr	I	The hatred I had for him a moment ago trickled away , taking the anger with it , and I looked up into his loving eyes .
tr	I	He gestured toward me , and zeus cleared his throat .
tr	I	She wore very serious glasses , and she had a haircut that made the top of her head look like the top of a battery .
tr	O	吕西安的嘴唇离开了我的，并且我发现我踮着脚尖。
tr	I	Nothing will change and it has been this way for two hundred years .
tr	I	Surprisingly Kristen didn 't ask and Cody didn 't embellish .
tr	I	I 'm going to do everything in my power to uncover it and there is a hidden connection between us .
tr	I	She couldn 't ignore the shock on his face and Jackson didn 't leap backward by himself .
tr	I	I heard the hiss of the shower before I glanced down at his younger brother and I waited until Aiden closed the door .
tr	O	她僵住了，并且她的呼吸变得急促了一些。
tr	O	我女儿和我之间的事情与你无关。
tr	I	Eyes pointed upward and a young woman stood in the middle of a garden , with her arms raised .
tr	O	他们匆忙离开了办公室，并且米奇的脉搏开始下降。
tr	O	当然马克立刻给我打了电话，并且我从那时起就一直一团糟。
tr	O	我试图藏起来，但是她已经看到了。
tr	I	I can 't make out a word , but Information is fired quickly .
tr	O	他跟着迪克去了家庭活动室，并且他们挑选了他们的飞镖。
tr	O	我的膝盖上有两只陌生的手，而且当它们听从我的指令移动时，这让我吃了一惊。
tr	O	他们搞砸了他的日程，并且他一个字也没说。
tr	O	他和其他人的遭遇与你无关。
tr	I	The EMTs exited with a gurney and as if on cue , the elevator dinged .
tr	I	He could plainly see the bright yellow spots that appeared just before labor started and her belly was protruding .
tr	O	我不确定接下来会发生什么，但是我所能看到的未来都是美好的事物。
tr	I	Her conscience got the better of her , but Alex almost let him walk out .
tr	O	很快，明亮的光线透过窗户照进来，并且人们似乎在他们前院的各个地方。
tr	I	Still the goosebumps appeared and I wasn 't cold .
tr	I	I made a federal case out of it and my mom came in for routine lab work .
tr	O	她能清楚地看到舞厅的主入口，然而除非他们走到几英尺之内，否则没有人能看到她。
tr	I	Glowing hotly under the restraint , but Robert 's jealous fury was banked .
tr	I	Every so often a blazing flame lit their way , but it should have been dark on the spiralling staircase .
tr	O	阶梯很潮湿，但是如果他动作缓慢，他就能保持平衡。
tr	I	A blast of fire shot at a turret a moment before the menacing sea serpent came into my view and deep animalistic roars bellowed .
tr	O	当他敲击时，它发出一系列沉闷的撞击声，并且当它落回原位时，发出了令人完全不满意的砰的一声。
tr	I	I 'm fixated on your mother , and I 'm fixated on you .
tr	O	有一阵停顿，并且那个男人再次开口，语气中带着一丝恼怒。
tr	O	赫莫萨太太从花园里进来了，并且我告诉了她关于弗兰克的诊断。
tr	O	我张开嘴抗议，但是以赛亚的一个眼神让我沉默了。
tr	I	Compulsion wouldn 't work on her , and Sonya was a spirit user too .
tr	I	His shoulder was much worse , but it was just a scrape .
tr	I	The sky was growing lighter east of the mountains , but the sun was still a ways from rising .
tr	O	她不明白只为他们两个人需要这么大的房间，但是她不打算抱怨。
tr	I	The journalists already had that information , and yeah , somebody was after me .
tr	O	女人们正在四处搜寻，并且男人们正在钓鱼。
tr	O	切斯特下了车，并且德夫林把他送到了门口。
tr	O	她很快就牵着巴斯特了，并且尽管仍有些迷失方向，他似乎很高兴离开。
tr	O	它们可能没用，但是如果骑手有同伴跟着，他们会沿着这些踪迹走。
tr	I	Mackenzie nervously walked to the front room and Cassandra hung up .
tr	I	I didn 't ask , and he didn 't volunteer any information about his job in the Army .
tr	O	我什么都察觉不到，并且它突然停止了工作。
tr	I	She raised her head , and Helen managed to subdue the dismayed laughter making her body shake .
tr	O	她的胃一阵翻腾，但是她坚持住了，强忍着恶心，庆幸她的姨妈病得太重没有察觉。
tr	I	It didn 't make any sense until now , but we 've all read it dozens of times .
tr	I	It was pretty clear they were both dead , but we picked up their rifles to be safe .
tr	O	拖车在一个弯道上猛地颠簸了一下，并且我跪倒在地。
tr	I	I shuffled my way back into the house back to my bedroom and my shoulders slumped .
tr	O	我的心和我的头脑在玩游戏，并且我不知道该如何是好。
tr	I	The redheaded man was in front of him , and Ryder was in his cell .
tr	O	这远远超出了我的底线，并且这肯定不再是无辜的了。
tr	O	连我也不知道这些谣言的来源，但是如果理查德相信了它们，他可能会认为你是一个叛徒。
tr	O	罗娜吸了一口气，发出了类似的乌鸦叫声，并且有了一个回应。
tr	O	一切发生得太快了，而且她发不出声音。
tr	O	我们那天晚上有排练，但是凯德没有出现。
tr	I	Something about the woman 's storey pulled Karen in , but it was not uncommon for a woman to be married in college in those days .
tr	I	He wiped away her tears and she came into his arms .
tr	O	他的生活似乎是灰色的，但是他至少在这里说的是实话。
tr	O	话语现在清晰可辨，并且扣人心弦的吟唱声响起了。
tr	O	琼听到了，但是她没有问。
tr	I	The left side of her face was burned and her dark hair was singed at the ends .
tr	O	他明亮的蓝眼睛下没有眼袋，而且他粗犷的男子气概让她屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	太阳照耀着，并且人们四处走动。
tr	I	If it dropped a wagon on my head what is the difference , but a fist of Wind cannot kill me directly ?
tr	I	I think maybe this will do it , and Got ta die from something .
tr	O	我对这些词的意思一无所知，但是这显然是告别。
tr	O	我明白那时是不同的时代，并且我很高兴现在是不同的时代。
tr	O	马格努斯问道，并且不相信的语气染上了他的声音，就像一滴血落在水中。
tr	I	The truth is that most infection happens when they 're in human form , but the only time they change genetic code is when they shift .
tr	O	它不在那里，但是我听到有什么东西在动。
tr	O	他知道那件事，并且我也知道那件事。
tr	O	我开玩笑，并且她咧嘴笑。
tr	I	It is burning a hole in my stomach , and I am feeling pity for this boy who is dying before me .
tr	O	克里斯举起盾牌格挡那一击，但是刀刃却无声无息地穿过了它。
tr	I	He knew there was more at play here than just respectfully returned tools but like fish in water he couldn 't pinpoint it .
tr	I	They had learned so much about each other , and the evening had gone so well this far .
tr	O	他们被带到这里，过上了一种他们甚至无法梦想的生活，并且我们正在这方面帮助他们。
tr	I	Now he was acting just like he looked -- cold , but he had a reputation for being friendly among most people .
tr	I	His eyes were wide and his mouth was open .
tr	O	是你，父亲，告诉我那个故事是被施了魔法的，并且无人可以在我们的领域之外谈论它。
tr	O	他在床上动了动，接着他的手滑到我的膝盖之间，并且他将它们分开时，我差点叫出声来。
tr	O	苏格兰人最近谴责了这本书，并且许多爱尔兰人公开在公共场合焚烧它。
tr	I	In her world , that man was god , and Damen also happened to control the purse strings .
tr	I	Apparently others blamed him as well , and he still blamed himself .
tr	I	I laughed , and she struggled .
tr	O	他们在藏匿着什么，并且那东西很大。
tr	O	她翻查了我的商务日记，寻找谋杀案的日期，但是在那几天根本没有任何预约。
tr	O	他的脸色又苍白了一些，此刻正认真地喝着咖啡，并且我知道他明白那意味着什么。
tr	O	他没有做任何威胁性的事，然而，并且我甚至设法睡着了，尽管我的睡眠不安稳。
tr	O	他从来都不是一个好学生，并且他只在社区大学待了一年就决定那不适合他。
tr	I	It jerked , stumbling as the pain lanced through its concentration and one of my arrows dug into the first horse 's mane .
tr	O	她去把盘子扔进垃圾桶，并且我跟着她。
tr	I	Abigail Cells was still alive , and it had been three days !
tr	O	和萨姆这样友善的僵尸呆在一起是一回事，但是直接开车进入巢穴则完全是另一回事。
tr	O	地板咔哒一声归位，并且我们身处废弃家具的房间里。
tr	I	I burned in the rain , calling for help , and my clothes caught .
tr	O	他的愤怒受到了控制，但是他对她的天真感到沮丧，这让他翻了个白眼。
tr	O	南方女人知道如何从头开始烹饪它们，而且我已经很多年没吃过这么好吃的了。
tr	I	Kelly thought he must have heard her comment , and Andrew nearly choked on his appetizer as he walked up to greet them .
tr	O	她的直觉告诉她他没事，过去没有什么邪恶的事情，但是她的直觉从来没有对过。
tr	O	我打开门，并且他进来了。
tr	O	守卫们已经在城堡前等着他了，并且一群人冲进了薄雾中去迎接他。
tr	O	它让泰无法呼吸，并且他无法移开视线。
tr	O	艾什那天几乎没说话，并且他那天早上吃早餐时也完全沉默。
tr	O	他们站着，并且他突然变得很随意。
tr	I	Seeing his coat beside him he wondered whether he should pick it up but he didn 't want to go outside again .
tr	I	I do it all on my own and that 's my only hobby she added as she pointed out of the window , gardening .
tr	O	她知道无意识的性爱不是答案，但是它也不会是一个糟糕的开始。
tr	I	When Jake leaned back to stare down at me , a heated flush crept quickly back over my skin but I shivered .
tr	I	She died , and she got real sick on a family trip to Africa , like around 1906 .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be moved and she was going somewhere important .
tr	O	树林里的声音恢复了正常，但是凯莉几乎没有注意到。
tr	I	I knew it , and she looked far from alright , however .
tr	O	很多人说过詹的很多事情，但是没有人曾经指责她拥有一张漂亮的脸。
tr	I	I don 't know , but I 've had dinner a couple of times with someone .
tr	O	普鲁知道她没有说出那些话，但是那些话就在他们之间。
tr	I	I instantly felt better about the entire situation and I smiled at her .
tr	I	He was antsy , and he was up .
tr	O	杀手后退了一步，但是那已经是他能做的全部了。
tr	O	他感觉到一道看向他的目光，并且他左转，看到迪娜盯着他的身侧。
tr	I	I would have knocked at the door , or I wasn 't expecting anyone to be here this early in the morning .
tr	I	His eyes were as jade green , and his hair was the same color as Eric 's but a bit shaggy .
tr	O	她丈夫是瓦伦丁最亲密的朋友，并且她会立刻把我出卖给他。
tr	O	凯尔不想惊动艾米，但是亚历克斯让他别无选择。
tr	I	I kind of wish I shared the stupid mind meld with him so I could tell him to shut up and he asked .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且他开始恐慌。
tr	O	他们会拿走收益的前百分之十，但是你会得到你的财产，并且是全额资助的。
tr	O	他不喜欢它，但是他为了她而做。
tr	O	他受宠若惊，然而他仍然不得不笑。
tr	I	I couldn 't look at them , but I could feel them all watching me .
tr	I	We make a run for it down a fire escape and a quick glance down reveals no one below .
tr	O	护身符大部分情况下都有效，但是它们并非百分之百有效。
tr	I	My dad works for your dad , and my clothes didn 't cost me a house payment .
tr	I	He ordered you to see that I was made comfortable , and I 'm here by your leader 's invitation .
tr	I	It was getting more crowded as the evening wore on , and it really was packed in here .
tr	I	I walk faster , looking determinedly past him , and he brings back memories of yesterday afternoon that cause tension to coil in my stomach .
tr	I	I wasn 't going crazy and I had to know that my instincts were right , that he was here .
tr	I	He wasn 't about to be pressured against his will , but he realized he had to make an appropriate decision .
tr	O	我这样做，因为我觉得这会和我告诉肖恩我爱他时不同，但是我还无法完全做到。
tr	I	I think I know the answer , but I wonder this often .
tr	O	空谈是廉价的，但是行动是残酷的。
tr	I	Sunlight streamed in , and the big bay door was open .
tr	O	他点了点头，并且脸上露出了一个歪斜的笑容。
tr	I	Maddox had a cool sound , but I 'd never been a big fan of electronic music .
tr	I	His face relaxed and he smiled softly .
tr	I	He could cut me a little slack on the sex thing , and I figured God had made me with the disability of telepathy .
tr	O	他拔出了两根临时木桩，并且吸血鬼倒下了。
tr	I	He doubted she liked it at all and obviously Eunice hadn 't expected it , either , .
tr	I	Cameron knew better than to believe in Ainsley Douglas 's innocence , but so innocent she looked , watching him with wide eyes .
tr	O	屋子里其他人还在睡觉，而且他的闹钟设定在一小时左右后响起。
tr	I	I did , but I didn 't want to look .
tr	O	他把车停在了拖车区，但是他一点也不在乎。
tr	O	我被这次经历困扰着，而且我的思绪不断地被吸引到那些被玷污者身上所发生的事情。
tr	O	它的价格远远超出她能负担的范围，但是她觉得做梦也无妨。
tr	I	She shrugged , and he glanced at Sabrina in confusion .
tr	I	I knew she was sleeping again , and she curled her fingers around mine .
tr	O	她按下了答录机的按钮，但是剩下的信息都是挂断电话。
tr	I	He shouts again , and his fingers go to his pockets as he 's walking .
tr	O	她试图笑出来，但是她的痛苦之声却混杂在笑声中。
tr	I	There it was , but hardly a kind sentiment for a man she 'd known all her life .
tr	I	He was dressed in a blue satin tracksuit with silver stripes down the side and his hair was wrapped in a towel .
tr	O	他想效力，并且成为氏族旗舰的第二指挥官是他能想到的最好方式。
tr	I	They were stable and they were large enough for men to easily move through them .
tr	O	震惊使霍普的眼睛睁大了，并且接着她看向了罗里。
tr	I	The partition between them let the driver ignore her , but she said .
tr	O	什么都无法改变你的想法，并且什么也无法改变我的。
tr	I	Nemesis just barely heard it , but the man yelled .
tr	I	I head to my building and we say our good nights .
tr	O	三月指望好天气还为时尚早，但是人们却尽情享受着温暖晴朗的日子。
tr	O	他的声音令人惊叹，并且他的音域也与此相当。
tr	O	海浪翻滚，并且“传送号”像一匹野马一样颠簸。
tr	O	它没有完全被城墙围起来，但是房屋都建在一起，以便于防守。
tr	O	我捕捉到德里克的目光，并且我们俩都笑了起来。
tr	I	I think this is what woke me and I have a memory of the door to the house closing .
tr	I	Those would be much more interesting than the actions of current thugs , and I had two old diaries to read .
tr	O	我知道你很担心，但是你需要在这件事上相信我。
tr	I	It was now four separate properties and they 'd surveyed it .
tr	I	He was exactly the kind of man she 'd sworn to avoid , but she had a feeling it would be with Franco .
tr	O	把东西递给他时，他的手碰到了我的手，并且他迅速翻转了我的手。
tr	O	她感觉自己向前移动，但是她并没有真正在走路。
tr	I	With females scarce , males went all out to fight for them , and shifters used to be pretty bloodthirsty .
tr	O	阿德里安在他的眼皮底下看着她，以防她试图做些傻事，但是他试图表现出一种轻松自如的样子。
tr	I	He 's happy , but gramps in the kitchen usually means he 's not all present .
tr	I	Anyway surely such a coincidence is unthinkable and the Vogue 's a new modern building .
tr	I	She fell lightly into his outstretched arms and he moved to the side .
tr	O	工作人员赶紧进去编辑资料，并且普鲁塔克带着芬尼克去聊天，大概是想看看他是否还有更多故事。
tr	I	His gaze never left us , but it was too dark to see the emotion on his face .
tr	I	I was too distracted to care , but it should have made me happy .
tr	I	I guessed now I knew , and I 'd wondered many times what had happened to her .
tr	I	Before her stood a long row of doors , most of them closed , and she entered the hallway .
tr	O	她薄薄的嘴唇扭曲成一个笑容，并且她的眼睛在她幸灾乐祸时变得冰冷。
tr	I	The plane was never heard from again - and the pilot made radio contact with the Reno tower - absolutely routine .
tr	O	他们毫不感到担忧地欢迎了他，并且他在他一生中从未经历过这样的欢迎。
tr	O	所有这些噪音，这团混乱的音乐，突然汇聚在一起，并且里面出现了一种新的音乐。
tr	O	她再次让自己的事业蒙蔽了她，而且这可能已经让她付出了生命的代价。
tr	O	与巨人的战斗让她元气大伤，并且她躺在沉睡中，阿恩在一旁守着她。
tr	O	一条碎石小径蜿蜒穿过树林，并且我们踩着它嘎吱作响地走向一片空地。
tr	O	低沉的咆哮声在他胸膛中响起，并且猪吓得尖叫起来。
tr	I	I could not think of it , but I should have known her name .
tr	O	规章制度有时会带来不便，但是毕竟，它们才是维系军团的力量。
tr	I	He hugged her back , and she held him again .
tr	O	他的脸很瘦削，并且肩膀也紧绷着，仿佛在努力保持原地不动。
tr	I	I opened my eyes and someone called .
tr	I	I preferred that to the alternative , but perhaps I 'd forgiven too much through my life .
tr	O	我不想要一个顾问，但是我的确想要索耶。
tr	O	薇奥莱特听到了他耳边的声音，但是她听不清那些话。
tr	I	I couldn 't even remember any details , but normally a nice bout of murder will lift my spirits .
tr	I	Sweet , angelic Danika would hate it more than most and most women did not appreciate his particular brand of pleasure .
tr	I	With each one , her lungs became a little more labored , and MaryAnn slid the buttons aside one at a time .
tr	I	He answered it anyway , but it was a question that actually didn 't need to be answered .
tr	O	他非常聪明，并且他是一位优秀的老师。
tr	O	菲茨罗伊先生似乎持怀疑态度，但是他没有争辩。
tr	O	录音机已经准备好了，并且所有人的目光都集中在我身上。
tr	O	我把自己移到一边，在我们之间留出一些距离，并且他把手臂放在我的脖子后面，我们向后靠着喘口气。
tr	I	She wondered what he 'd think and he was such an accomplished writer .
tr	I	God knows it and I know it .
tr	I	She bit her lip as the pain stabbed her momentarily and her hands gripped his shoulders once again .
tr	O	我把拿着数码相机的手从包里抽出来，并且他放松了。
tr	I	Sweat ran in rivers down my back and my head was aching with the effort .
tr	O	他靠此谋生，但是到目前为止，他做得一塌糊涂。
tr	O	我傍晚时分在阳光下眯眼看向大帐篷，但是门帘仍然是关着的。
tr	I	Troy was gone , and the back door slammed .
tr	O	佩吉湾是我遇到你父亲的地方，并且你知道这一点。
tr	O	他的手在我的头发里，并且我能感觉到他结实的身躯紧贴着我。
tr	I	Her eyes dimmed and her shoulders slumped .
tr	I	This is Debbi Andrews and I 'm Brianna Morrison .
tr	I	It may come to an end , but I have no children , so I tell the stories to others .
tr	I	Both went for the alarm , and there were two guards near him , as he fell .
tr	I	I do know one thing , but I don 't know what to think .
tr	I	He would not have been surprised and she could have fallen straight from the heavens .
tr	I	She braked and they roared out onto the sidewalk .
tr	O	凯文回头看了她一眼，但是他没来得及回答。
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安坐在其中一张王座上，并且我坐在另一张上。
tr	O	她没有看到他，并且他不想骑马靠近吓到她。
tr	I	My stomach tenses just a bit at the way he 's looking at me , and a corner of his mouth goes up .
tr	I	Her words were beginning to squeak and Lydia 's throat had tightened up .
tr	O	我的屁股仍然因他的手而刺痛，并且我一想到它就感到深处收紧。
tr	I	I looked back at her and she sighed heavily .
tr	I	I can 't breathe and my lungs are on fire .
tr	I	He kissed Angela 's temple , and Matt 's arms went around both of them .
tr	O	我火上浇油，臀部磨蹭着他，并且他发出了一声不稳的叹息。
tr	I	I couldn 't move , but I wanted to jerk my arm away from his grasp .
tr	O	他的眉毛向上扬起，并且他挠了挠鼻子旁边。
tr	O	我的一部分担心那种能让他如此狠狠打人的愤怒有朝一日会转向我，但是我不相信那会发生。
tr	O	劳埃德一直在五十英尺外站岗，但是他听到我们的话后走近了。
tr	O	他们不知道会发生什么，但是他们做好了准备。
tr	O	奥利维亚没有说一旦她被发现会发生什么，并且可怕的幻象在她眼前闪过，那是被跟踪的景象。
tr	I	It shattered , and one smash against the bricks .
tr	O	一天早上，我们正要去杂货店，开的是我的福特福克斯（没错，就是我的车），并且我一时冲动把钥匙扔给了她。
tr	I	He groaned in his throat and violent passion slammed through him .
tr	I	All of the work we do with women centers on sewing , but I don 't know where God is planning to send you .
tr	I	I gave him a good second shot and he took it up quickly .
tr	I	The procedure was awkward , and I had never done such a thing .
tr	O	我知道你的感受，我也一样，但是我如此深陷于这个体制中。
tr	I	I lightly nodded my head and I looked down in shame .
tr	O	几个男人向她投去赞赏的目光，但是注意到尼尔在她身边后，迅速移开了视线。
tr	I	She needed to be smart , and she couldn 't be smart when he was touching her .
tr	I	His face disappeared in my neck and as I was sorting through this new mess in my brain , his head lifted .
tr	O	那个女兵低声说那没关系，但是她也对发生的一切感到厌恶。
tr	O	天快黑了，并且猫不见了。
tr	O	他们对所有动物都有权力，并且他们被允许在成年时选择变形成哪种动物。
tr	I	My mother handed me her bouquet and we walked up to the altar .
tr	O	苏珊几分钟后出现了，并且当她走进来时凯琳也下楼了。
tr	O	维恩试图喊叫，但是他的嘴巴堵住了她的嘴，因为匕首割破了她的皮肤。
tr	I	Her body lay limp and her supple flesh was torn .
tr	I	Words never came , but Pet opened her mouth to speak .
tr	O	有一刻，我以为他会在沙发旁停下，但是他继续走向楼梯。
tr	I	The wind was cold and leaves were falling fast .
tr	I	She handed me the baby and I walked over to Julia .
tr	I	Half the decanter of whiskey couldn 't erase the taste of Ainsley from his mouth , but he drank as he dressed .
tr	O	她急促地呼吸着，脸上怒气升腾，但是她太虚弱了，什么也做不了来阻止我们。
tr	O	本坚定地朝着后门点头，并且这次没人能和他争论。
tr	I	The pieces of the ignition fell to the floorboards of the SUV and Billy looked back at the column , smashed the rock down again .
tr	I	I stood up and the plane slowly emptied .
tr	O	照顾他对于她来说很重要，并且她确保她非常细致地照料他。
tr	I	Inside he felt that curious tearing he was becoming so familiar with , but he said the words dispassionately , without expression .
tr	O	他正在追上我，而且我的呼吸越来越短促。
tr	I	A slight buzz settled over her , and she took another sip .
tr	I	The people messing with us right now are like ghosts , but they 're not exactly the most subtle group .
tr	O	成为Mayank这样的人的朋友并非易事，但是它是一揽子的。
tr	I	He had yet to see her in action , but Cain had heard rumors of the Defender who had a talent with electricity .
tr	O	接待员正试图引起他的注意，并且迈克尔斯猛地回到了现实。
tr	O	我想等待，但是我不太认为她会告诉我她为什么有时会疏远。
tr	I	I had fared well so far , but I had come close a couple of times .
tr	I	His relationship experience was as non-existent as mine , but maybe I should 've taken Bo up on his offer to strategize .
tr	I	Elise would never have adjusted to ranch life , but she was upset about the divorce .
tr	O	在月光下，他的眼睛和他的头发一样黑，并且他苍白的脸几乎美得超凡脱俗。
tr	O	我猜是为了让她有时间勾引埃里克，但是那么为什么要让我进来呢？
tr	O	她牛仔裤上的扣子崩开了，并且拉链滑落了。
tr	O	他的身体急切而猛烈地反应，并且他任由身体如此，毫不掩饰自己强烈的需求。
tr	I	The boat is tied from beneath to the dock and your engine has been disabled .
tr	O	我所做之事已成定局，并且我无法将其收回。
tr	I	I could guess his thoughts , and he didn 't say anything .
tr	O	我把双腿往他背上抬得更高，并且他呻吟了一声，然后向后仰头。
tr	I	It had never been a secret before , but to her knowledge these letters were sent out very rarely .
tr	I	I 'm sorry for oversimplifying things , and it is .
tr	O	我确信那是意外，但是每一次的轻推都让电流般的涟漪传遍我的全身。
tr	I	I can smell whiskey on his breath , and he looks like he 's been up all night .
tr	O	没人注意到这一层，并且如果他们注意到了，他宁愿挨骂，只要能更快地离开。
tr	O	他是整个王国里唯一一个不把我当公主对待的人，并且我喜欢那样。
tr	I	Something that was more likely jumped to mind , but again , I wanted to believe this .
tr	O	你父亲死了，并且你没有。
tr	I	He had never answered and she had called so many times .
tr	O	那位骑士劫数难逃，并且没有道理和他一起沉沦。
tr	I	We were all out of luck for a while , and to make matters worse , their house burned down .
tr	I	His inputs make exclusive crime stories but he cannot write .
tr	I	Foxy swung into action , and Chapter 8 On the first day of the following week Sid sent the word .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't , but I wanted to stay there with her all day .
tr	O	Adrian 伸出了手，但是 Keith 没有握住。
tr	O	我正中要害地踢了他一膝，并且那结束了采访。
tr	O	枪声再次响起，并且他们两人都蹲得更低了。
tr	O	互联网是一个迷人的游戏，并且托尼尽情享受着它。
tr	I	My eyes focused on her , and that question caught my attention .
tr	O	莉莉承担了他的过错，并且她不应该。
tr	I	Jace felt suddenly empty , and Cold air filled in where she 'd been .
tr	O	有人粗鲁地从我身边擦过，把我撞得踉跄，并且我抱起了比利。
tr	O	太阳炙热无比，并且还不到中午。
tr	O	他再次试图去握卡西的手，但是她没有让他。
tr	O	有一天他可能会意识到那一点，并且对我们所有人而言都为时已晚。
tr	O	威尔看到了架子底下的动静，并且他猛吸一口气，把杆子扔到地上叮当作响。
tr	I	The right was bare , but the left hand was still covered by a rubber glove .
tr	O	我试图吞咽，但是我的喉咙感觉很紧。
tr	O	他翻过身，看见凯瑟琳后亲吻了她的肩膀。
tr	I	The tallest visible point was estimated to be twenty kilometers above the island , and the tower measured little more than two kilometers in diameter .
tr	I	He knew it was true , but he didn 't understand how .
tr	I	We were heading to Tennessee but I 'd have loved to take my mom .
tr	I	She nodded , and he asked .
tr	I	She exclaimed how good they had done , and they took the birds to Waving Willow .
tr	I	Finch had said the M.E. planned to do the autopsy right away , but it was a bit early to hope they had .
tr	O	邓肯知道那一点，并且他总是试图让她远离她所爱的事物。
tr	O	我的皮肤放大了它泄露秘密的震动，并且我知道他仍然没有说出全部真相。
tr	I	He dropped his hand back to his side , and she took another step back .
tr	I	Now I wasn 't , but everyone was mad today .
tr	O	她离开前拥抱了所有厨房工作人员，并且再次恢复了平静。
tr	O	我今晚没有料到劳雷尔会接近我，但是我这几天一直在等着她。
tr	O	她因其名人精英地位而拥有很大的权力，但是一旦阿尔法们做出决定，他们就总是坚持到底。
tr	O	妈妈一直哭着，并且我一时说不出话来。
tr	O	每个人都试图查出达维多的真实年龄，但是他一直努力保守这个秘密。
tr	I	You were below and he said Sykes had already taken control .
tr	O	我确信我必须恨他，因为他是科尔，并且对科尔的恨是我所知道的一切。
tr	I	Not one of them could reach the count in time if it was needed , but over fifty blades were drawn .
tr	I	She was sleeping peacefully , and I walked into the bedroom .
tr	O	她的声音渐渐消失了，并且克莱尔感受到了她的失望。
tr	O	我只在球场上工作了两个班次，并且我开着车时从未遇到过厨房工作人员。
tr	O	她得到了父亲的全部关注，并且她设法将瑞秋排除在外。
tr	I	A page entitled ' whois ' appeared on the screen and Simon clicked again on the keyboard .
tr	I	It totally confused me and I was , like , thirteen .
tr	I	Not as someone would miss a lover , but yes , she would probably miss him .
tr	O	我设法喊出了妈妈，并且她能看出我不舒服。
tr	I	He gave me a crooked smirk , knowing that he had flustered me , and the blush only seemed to amuse him .
tr	I	You know how it is when one bad thing happens to you but there are lots of good parts , infact more than the bad ?
tr	I	The once calm waters were a bit more rough and the wind was brisk .
tr	I	For a moment , Balthazar 's mind froze , and the tallest vampire stepped closer .
tr	I	More than anything she was just sad over all the lives ruined , but Rachel had expected to feel vindicated .
tr	O	他也和他们一起消失了，但是没有人费心去担心他。
tr	O	当时他带来了她的解脱，并且现在她也提出了类似的恳求。
tr	O	他感觉到了，察觉到了，但是无论他多么仔细地搜寻，他都找不到有毒细菌。
tr	I	It almost covered the entrance and the swell of the sea rose .
tr	I	It 's not going to work out , but so he could say thanks very much ?
tr	O	这希望渺茫，但是如果巴克莱还活着，那么罗杰·劳埃德医生很可能就是同一个人。
tr	O	她喜欢它，并且这让她害怕。
tr	O	凯恩离开时，他带走了她的借口，并且也许现在她会去看她的肿瘤医生了。
tr	O	没有人确切知道它们是什么，但是它们不像它们所像的动物那样衰老。
tr	I	After a moment , Owen seemed to relax , as though he 'd been worried about me , but maybe it was my imagination .
tr	O	她环顾四周，并且她的表情显示她几乎没有想过别的。
tr	O	我可以争取一些时间，但是她必须尽快回来。
tr	O	他弯下腰，并且我猛地站起来，滑了一下，然后站稳了。
tr	I	I chose not to question her , but I blinked my eyes several times to make sure I was hearing right .
tr	I	Her vision cleared , and she sat up .
tr	I	The way his fingers curl into fists seems a little intense , but I know he doesn 't like him much .
tr	O	房屋很安静，并且窗帘都拉上了。
tr	O	布伦特朝我扔了一双袜子，并且我不得不把它们挡开，以免被砸到脸。
tr	I	I take a seat on the couch to wait , and Lennox gets Gwen set up in a dressing room .
tr	O	我笑了，并且他眨了眨眼。
tr	O	这学期只剩下六周了，而且圣诞假期会把这学期一分为二。
tr	I	He wasn 't concise , and this guy 's name was Rodin .
tr	O	机器人探测到我们时就停下了，并且一束绿光向上射出。
tr	I	Julie let the water beat down against her flesh , and the knife was settled on the floor of the shower .
tr	I	His training told him that they had to get out of there quick , but Wolfe didn 't know what to do exactly .
tr	O	他仰面朝天倒下，并且我摔倒在他身上。
tr	I	Instead , she looked ready to laugh , but I was afraid I would see something there that would upset me .
tr	I	Kody appeared at her side , and Gruber hesitated .
tr	O	一股寒意在我们之间弥漫开来，并且我试图微笑。
tr	I	The altercation ceased and she purposely rattled the latch before pushing the door open .
tr	O	他们走到房子那里，并且艾丽莎从他怀里滑了出去。
tr	O	他轻轻地按下去，并且当我反抗时，开始摇晃我，直到我开始放松。
tr	O	肯齐对我咧嘴一笑，并且我也笑了。
tr	I	He sits back down and Jacob grabs his hand .
tr	I	He wasn 't letting her off the hook so easily but she was so obvious .
tr	O	那种坚硬的紧绷感就像一种挑逗，并且我的臀部在杰克身下起伏，无声地乞求更多。
tr	I	He was far too weak , and she was far too tempting .
tr	O	罗杰是个怪物，并且雷姆认识他。
tr	I	They made him feel better , but he wasn 't completely suicidal .
tr	I	He was just so ... warm , and Cassidy noticed that there were calluses on his fingers .
tr	O	佐伊没有回应什么，但是她的嘴唇微张，仿佛想说话。
tr	I	We were on our way and I quickly adjusted the volume .
tr	O	我不知道我们在沙发上待了多久，但是很快，赛勒斯在我身下动了动。
tr	O	我知道他注意到了，但是他假装没有。
tr	O	马特迎战两名冲锋队员，击倒其中一人，这看起来几乎像是一个阻碍，但是他给了亚历克斯跑下场的时间。
tr	I	He still hadn 't regained full use of it , but his left arm was free of the cast now .
tr	I	The peak proper and there was no seam between it .
tr	O	也许我处于昏迷之中，并且这是一个清醒梦。
tr	I	I gave him a little wave , and he stared at me with raised eyebrows .
tr	O	前几个房间似乎是空的办公室，但是就在它们后面，他们能听到不安的动物求救声。
tr	O	我知道你因为我联系了克莱尔而生气，但是请不要让它毁掉我们拥有的一切。
tr	I	The odour became even more pungent and the mixture began to lighten slightly .
tr	I	I know now that I was just confused but I thought I loved a woman back home .
tr	O	她告诉我你们是多年的朋友了，但是她似乎对我怀有一种模糊的不喜欢。
tr	O	我又开始上楼，但是另一声枪响让我转身回去。
tr	O	他们吃了鱼，并且它非常好吃。
tr	O	他的眼睛扫视着我的脸，并且他的拇指拂过我的脸颊。
tr	O	她是神话中最好的弓箭手之一，并且她的箭术很准。
tr	O	第一个假装出拳，但是Mai早有预料，暂时没有给那个男孩任何指示。
tr	I	She summoned every bit of will power to control the weakness she felt , but Karen could feel the blood draining from her face .
tr	O	更多的眼泪落下，而且我恨它们。
tr	O	男孩们总是喜欢挑战，并且他们不记得他们对女孩的承诺。
tr	I	Even the tennis courts had no players and the ball field was empty .
tr	O	这项发现的时机再好不过了，并且它很快就引起了媒体的关注。
tr	I	I hoped he did -- or he felt for me .
tr	I	You simply aren 't going to blow this for me and I 'm so close to this new post .
tr	O	一种沉重感落在我的胸口，并且我胃部下方的肌肉紧绷起来。
tr	O	他在晚餐时又打来了电话，并且她当时也没有接。
tr	I	Pete even told Grandma that she was cute , and playing the gentleman to the hilt , they paid the bill .
tr	I	I don 't know why , but I 'm stuffing it in a mattress .
tr	O	弗兰克来访了，但是他不能待很长时间。
tr	O	我属于“破晓圈”，但是他们没有派我来。
tr	O	士兵比他预想的要重，但是他设法做到了。
tr	O	那曾是一时兴起，并且马格努斯没有比一时兴起更重视的东西了。
tr	O	我对我的男朋友涌起一股爱意，并且我紧紧地把他抱在胸前。
tr	I	We sprint after them , bursting out the front door of the building and I nod .
tr	O	他的有些充血的眼睛下面开始出现黑眼圈，并且他下巴上的胡茬表明他好几天没有刮胡子了。
tr	O	这让她头发感到拉扯，并且她愤怒地看了一眼正在做头发的女人。
tr	O	它移动得很快，并且它的脸完全被一件连帽衫遮住了。
tr	O	他一个急转弯就到了楼梯口，并且他快步跑上楼，越高越觉得不稳。
tr	O	埃利奥特抬起一只手臂要送我出去，但是我又从柜子里取下了一张面具。
tr	O	她的手心出了汗，而且她对课堂材料的注意力完全丧失了。
tr	I	Her miserable look had gone , but her nose still dripped mucus .
tr	I	Where had she come from , but he wanted a female shifter of pure blood ?
tr	O	她给了我一个了然的坏笑，而且我只是翻了个白眼。
tr	O	我不确定我是否相信，但是听到这些还是很棒。
tr	O	他今天笑了好几次，而且我决定我喜欢这样。
tr	I	All like that and she was crying .
tr	I	The drugs had done a number on his brain , and maybe a drug addict in years past ?
tr	I	Jesus Christ , but I expected it to be cold !
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her , and she was nervous .
tr	I	Her face was slightly flushed , and her bare skin looked luminous .
tr	I	At least he didn 't think so , or so far he had not been seen .
tr	O	珍·马丁，一个我大一一起上数学课的女孩，正在和帕奇说话，但是他看起来心不在焉。
tr	O	我们也会邀请媒体进来，而且这个故事将传遍整个联盟。
tr	I	Maybe that 's not so bad , but this is becoming a routine for me .
tr	O	我可能会穿蒂诺想让我穿的，但是我我会花时间慢慢准备。
tr	O	玛格丽特目前在一家旅行社兼职工作，但是她从未和我谈论过她的工作。
tr	I	It was definitely improving , but Peter 's speech function had a way to go .
tr	I	I was pretty much positive Carly had been drinking more , and they each had a flask .
tr	I	The blood drained from his face , and Donovan flinched .
tr	I	Her body went into shock and her blood sugar is low .
tr	I	More students came out gradually , and doors opened .
tr	O	我怒视着他，并且他放下了手。
tr	O	那个恼火的人张开嘴想说什么，但是我抢先了一步。
tr	I	Jeff steps out and before I can reply , her door opens .
tr	I	My world shifted on its axis , and when she kissed me back , I knew instantly that she 'd made her decision about me .
tr	O	尼克试图站起来，但是吉米又把他拉了回去。
tr	O	月亮很大，并且霜气从地上带来薄雾。
tr	I	Since he 'd fixed the problem there was no reason to address it , and she adored him so .
tr	I	It was several seconds after her departure before small talk resumed and Hera stalked out of the room .
tr	I	Then he saw me , and he shook his head .
tr	I	My commander recommended me to the protection detail for a visiting senator , and I was released with full honors .
tr	O	我用力咬住嘴唇，但是眼泪还是没有流出来。
tr	I	He recognizes the gasp , and he hears her gasp .
tr	O	肯定是因为是半夜，并且他真的不想让莎莉知道他在这里。
tr	I	I wasn 't all right with anyone else seeing , but I didn 't care if he saw .
tr	O	她身材很好，并且她很可爱。
tr	O	几分钟后，他们就消失了，并且马蹄声渐渐消失在东方。
tr	I	It won Sundance and she acted in an indie film for a friend .
tr	O	她一直觉得那个行为非常色情，而且现在吸血鬼对她做那事的可怕念头让她不安地扭动。
tr	O	我的心狂跳不已，并且我的身体变得麻木了。
tr	I	I 'd beg for more and he could have me now .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	他们认为只要他们做了乳房切除术并且我接受了化疗，我就会好起来。
tr	O	这很明显，并且劳伦斯对它报以应有的蔑视。
tr	I	He would deliver the books in the next few days but Sawyer told Smythe that there had been a hitch .
tr	O	我闭上眼睛，轻轻地、慢慢地吻了他的下巴。
tr	O	她的手掌发痒，并且她的头很疼。
tr	I	I 've been swamped , and it 's tax season .
tr	O	我知道她很好，并且我很感激。
tr	O	他什么也没说，但是沉默并不令人不适。
tr	O	我的指尖拂过他耳廓的弧度，并且他因反应而颤抖。
tr	O	把书带来，并且你的旅程就结束了。
tr	O	佩格在我生命中的大部分时间里都是我的好朋友，并且我不能因为她做了一件可怕的事情就否定这一点。
tr	I	Ted couldn 't help feeling sympathetic to her situation , but she was more than partly responsible for this mess .
tr	O	他把她拉得更近，这样他就能感受到她的每一次呼吸，并且令他高兴的是，她仰起头，露出了她修长的脖子。
tr	O	什么都没变，但是一切都变了。
tr	I	Philip drove with his attention fixed on the road ahead of them and Alice kept her eyes closed .
tr	I	Before I made it to the doorway , a loud boom threw me in the opposite direction , but I walked toward the front area .
tr	O	哦，天哪，镇上隔离了狗，但是没人考虑过猫。
tr	I	They sat outside , Sonia in his lap and after she 'd exhausted herself , he 'd taken her to the snack shop .
tr	O	他的手指在我肚子上摊开，并且他开始低声唱一首不熟悉的歌。
tr	I	The nausea passed , and waves of energy pulsed through her .
tr	I	It 's not for discussion and I 've made a decision .
tr	I	He was too weak to make any reply , but Brin held a finger to his lips to silence the Prince .
tr	O	亚当等待着，但是什么也没来。
tr	O	通常，海伦娜会对布鲁图斯的改变感到欣喜若狂，但是如果她要接受辅导，她就不能见到卢修斯。
tr	O	他一直盯着玫瑰花，但是他锐利的目光又转向了她。
tr	O	她是女王，并且她必须与众不同。
tr	I	I ceased having a mother each and from the moment I gave birth , my husband .
tr	I	At least they had with Cade , or the dark shirt he wore clung to the sculpted abs that I knew lingered beneath the shirt .
tr	I	I think I 'm ready to leave and I 've finished my stories .
tr	I	His hair looked darker now that it was dripping wet and he was tan .
tr	O	我跟着他们到门口，并且米兰达的妈妈在那里遇到了我们。
tr	I	The berries were needed to make it work , but his mother had told him that it was something in the leaves that held the medicine .
tr	I	There were no autonomous ships at all , but a few cargo shipment modules were scattered throughout the planet in various decrepit facilities .
tr	O	他说话如此有力，以至于她盯着他看，但是重要的是她要理解这一点。
tr	O	他们吹嘘他的园艺技能，并且他接受了这份功劳。
tr	I	My words sounded slightly excited , and my breathing was coming faster .
tr	I	She got up anyway but Philip got up without looking at Sarah .
tr	I	Everything outside the stall was another , and it was like we were now one thing .
tr	O	周六生意清淡，但是经验告诉莎娜午饭时间左右生意会好转。
tr	O	我能看到上面有几名船员，并且一个娇小的金发女子背对着我靠在栏杆上。
tr	O	一月份下过一些雪，并且乔纳斯怀疑在二月结束前还会下更多。
tr	I	They all agreed that this was what they felt , but none of them was able to explain this afterwards .
tr	O	我开始微笑，但是迦勒带着我走过他们，来到哨兵的左边，那是学生们该待的地方。
tr	I	I set my beer down and the band began to pump out a deep , heavy , sexy sound .
tr	I	She saw his lips were twitching and her head came back around .
tr	I	I don 't trust him , but maybe it 's a reflex left over from dealing with the Corp .
tr	O	理查德在最后一刻试图躲闪，但是子弹仍然深深地撕裂了他的胸膛。
tr	O	某种东西断裂了，并且桥梁向一侧倾斜。
tr	I	The hope of what was to come was becoming stronger than the pain , but the truth of what she had done still hurt .
tr	O	他们中一半是青少年早期，并且另一半是成年人。
tr	O	它躺在我背包旁的沙子上，并且我想到绳子的另一端系在阁楼楼梯下方的秘密门上。
tr	I	He wasn 't memorable either , but he wasn 't bad looking .
tr	O	泪水灼痛了她的眼睛，淌了下来，并且她所能做的只有恳求。
tr	I	There was a new tension racing through his body but his question sounded nonchalant .
tr	O	她也很娇小，并且我俯视着她。
tr	O	我的眼睛睁得很大，并且我真的感到很兴奋。
tr	O	他没有前任，真的没有，并且他也不会有继任者。
tr	I	He couldn 't possibly find humor in the repercussions , but he might have found the situation amusing at first .
tr	I	We have much for which to be thankful and another year has passed .
tr	O	生活在一个理性的时代有其可取之处，但是，在我看来，我们似乎也失去了一些东西。
tr	O	她又看了一眼，并且她全身都是泥。
tr	I	She was torn about whether she wanted him to , but Gabby could sense that he wanted to touch her .
tr	O	我忍不住了，并且我又开始哭了。
tr	O	他们正在为我们加油，但是我听不到他们。
tr	O	那个身影再次向我猛扑过来，并且这次抓住了我的小腿。
tr	O	吉姆睡着了，他的思绪却一直试图聚焦在他的天使身上，但是她仍然没有面孔。
tr	O	基拉的眼睛对路易斯闪着绿光，并且她的尖牙似乎从牙龈里跳了出来。
tr	O	我知道和随便哪个人在一起都不会一样，并且洛根今天触碰我让我全身酸痛。
tr	I	He felt sure it was Reece , saluting , but it was hard to see in the sun .
tr	O	我的好奇心战胜了我的固执，并且我投降般地往椅子后退了退。
tr	I	She hadn 't held Grace once while he 'd been there and she 'd seemed out of sorts .
tr	I	I tug on his arm , stopping him and he 's always saying that .
tr	I	She found herself intrigued by the concept and the sign in the window had caught her notice .
tr	O	这栋房子是为一家人准备的，并且每个房间都有不同的用途。
tr	I	I couldn 't get it out of my head , but I didn 't want it to dominate my life .
tr	I	The urge to arch into him overrode all reason , and my body reacted to the closeness .
tr	O	你们俩都帮了我很多，并且我对此的感激超乎你们的想象。
tr	I	She enjoyed it , more than she could say , but the moment was over .
tr	O	毕竟，我的身体可能已经残破，但是我将永远不会被囚禁，如果我的精神是自由的。
tr	I	Water leaked profusely from her eyes , and the sudden relief made Dorian weaker .
tr	I	Wes was already working with the zipper of my dress , but I waited .
tr	O	你是我一直以来梦寐以求的女人，并且我花了很长很长时间去寻找。
tr	I	They both knew it and this time was different .
tr	O	电话铃声把她拉回现实，并且她俯身去接电话。
tr	I	A blast of cold air alerted Hannah to the fact they 'd arrived at their destination , and he rolled down the window .
tr	O	我的脚下没有地面，并且我很惊讶自己没有坠入下面的火焰峡谷。
tr	I	For terrible moments , she felt a phantom womb convulse inside her , and his lips were on her scar , paying homage .
tr	I	I came from behind and the room was dark .
tr	I	I knew there 'd be none , and CHAPTER 7 There were no sirens .
tr	O	我看到灯光照亮了小巷，并且我起身。
tr	O	她没有回答，并且我没有追问。
tr	O	没有空间，你就无法改变位置，并且没有时间，你也无法改变位置。
tr	I	All the leprechauns laughed like this was the best joke they 'd ever heard , and Rusty slapped his thigh .
tr	I	I wasn 't the one to tell Adam about Mackenzie and Force her to understand I 'd never betray her trust .
tr	I	His intense gaze shifted to her mouth and his pupils dilated .
tr	O	泰森一言不发地走在我前面，并且我想知道他是否还在生我的气。
tr	I	There he is , frozen in time and I come up from my crouched position .
tr	I	I don 't really care , and I don 't know how .
tr	I	Now her three daughters-in-law were included , too , and Sarah , Jonathan 's widow , usually joined the group .
tr	I	He couldn 't bear the pity in her voice , but she whispered .
tr	I	Her hands clutched at the knitted afghan draped across her lap , and her eyes widened .
tr	I	She also made no move to run away , but she didn 't reply .
tr	O	我希望我们能做些什么，但是没有。
tr	O	她的脸颊因她其余皮肤苍白的底色而变得绯红，然而不知怎的，这反而衬托出她的美，而不是减损了它。
tr	O	他把我拉近，并且他的声音更低沉了。
tr	O	他的手又向下移去，并且突然，他在挠我的痒。
tr	O	她几分钟内就会回来，并且其他人也永远不会知道她离开了。
tr	I	He suggested each side of the old barn , and they asked Preston where they should set them up .
tr	I	I can see Fundamental go under again , fresh as the minute it happened and the storm 's inside me already .
tr	I	Her pale skin was dotted with green specks , and the woman 's red hair drifted around her .
tr	O	她表现得好像不信任我，而且我简直无法忍受。
tr	O	他握着我的手，而且我紧紧地握住了它。
tr	I	All the resources were directed to finding you and my project was going to be cancelled .
tr	O	我能感觉到我的脸变得更加绯红，而且我不知道该说什么。
tr	I	The look of shock on his face was almost comical and the demon looked down at the handle sticking out of him .
tr	I	He just held her closer , but she tried to pull away .
tr	I	She didn 't want to lie to her niece , but Shana could probably talk her way out of this .
tr	I	There was no need to instigate him , but he could not know what had happened to Julian in there .
tr	O	我张开嘴想告诉她那不是真的，但是保住面子是毫无意义的。
tr	O	科拉多只是盯着那个男人，并且他也回盯着他。
tr	O	我需要进食，但是我还能再坚持一会儿。
tr	I	He didn 't like to believe her but Trinity often tried to tell him they had ran away from a home for orphans when they were smaller .
tr	I	I set the course because I could not bear to destroy my own son , yet I knew .
tr	O	我开口说话，但是却什么也说不出来。
tr	O	我知道这很幼稚，但是他的注意力常常分散，以至于我感觉自己在和全世界分享他。
tr	O	这是里士满最古老的墓地，并且因此，在我看来，它也是最令人不安的。
tr	I	It was mild , but he could still feel the urge .
tr	I	I slipped , feeling cold liquid soaking into my clothes and Joseph took broad steps towards me .
tr	O	我们有翅膀，但是我们不能长途飞行。
tr	O	提图斯的手指与她的交织在一起，并且她立刻感到自在。
tr	O	当然，你不会理性地思考这些事情，但是这已经变得如此本能，以至于你的大脑会立刻识别它。
tr	I	She had not hurt anyone and she was only a girl .
tr	O	你二十二岁的时候招待了我，并且尽管已经快十年了，你从那时起就没有变老。
tr	O	有人告诉他一个关于我的故事，并且他想把它写下来。
tr	I	I 'm not saying I have the answer and there 's got to be a better way .
tr	O	你一定是在新乌托邦观看，期待着胜利，但是看到的只有失败。
tr	O	她能感觉到昆兰的战斗频率正在提升，但是她也能感觉到其他吸血鬼，他们都充满了能量。
tr	O	其他几颗柠檬已经枯萎了，并且我没告诉妈妈就扔掉了它们。
tr	I	She can 't get out of bed quick enough and just as I hoped , she is so excited .
tr	O	我讨厌听到他如此担心，但是睁开眼睛意味着我将不得不解释发生了什么。
tr	I	It didn 't seem like she gave in because of his authority , but at last , Mei gave a sharp nod .
tr	O	他的呼吸让她想作呕，但是她拒绝表现出她的恐惧，拒绝退缩。
tr	I	Your wounds are healing and I will return each day to see that you are fed .
tr	I	She clings to life stubbornly and the child is female .
tr	O	在这里我们会谈论水牛的身体部位，但是这表达了同样的观点。
tr	O	伦诺克斯先生看着印章，并且他的脸放松了下来。
tr	I	I will protect my land , and I will send the Demons back to where they belong .
tr	O	他再次缩回手，并且敲击声停止了。
tr	O	他们是自愿的成年人，并且他们都想要这个。
tr	O	我们多年来一直是最好的朋友，并且我们谁都不知道这会发展成一段关系。
tr	I	I swear I can feel the exact texture of her lips , but it 's light , so damn light .
tr	I	At least the part of it she could remember , or the journey from Josh 's flat had been uncomfortable .
tr	I	The sound was terrible , and Julie 's cries grew louder , more frantic .
tr	I	Gage stepped into the room , and as she put it there , the door opened .
tr	O	门猛地打开了，并且雅各布转向了我。
tr	O	那是又一个这样的时刻，但是这次只有我。
tr	O	它只需要达到51%，并且那样就行了。
tr	O	她开始告诉他她绝不会接受，但是她甚至不知道这是否是谎言。
tr	I	Her mother was a mortal and her father is a werewolf .
tr	O	我的皱眉变成了怒容，并且我重新动了起来。
tr	O	她通过脚底感受到了他在船甲板上走的每一步，并且她在余光中看到他走近。
tr	O	凯尔的前任伤他很深，并且凯尔对再走那条路毫无兴趣。
tr	I	No words come out , but he tries to say something .
tr	O	白色棉伞被白灯照亮，并且香茅蜡烛散落在大理石栏杆上。
tr	I	Since the pair weren 't slowing down , he stepped aside , but the guard by the makeshift gate was about to stop them .
tr	O	她的话刺痛我，但是尽管我不是任人宰割的人，我也不会上她的钩。
tr	I	I keep wiping them but my eyes are moist .
tr	O	没人费心告诉她细节，并且她想她应该为此感到庆幸。
tr	O	他一推，并且它就荡了出去，悬在峡谷上方。
tr	O	显然我家的地产价值不菲，并且它就位于一个快速发展区域的正中央。
tr	O	这次她确实笑了，但是她这次没有费心去隐藏。
tr	O	我以前见过这个，以前听过，但是现在我仿佛只听得到她的声音。
tr	I	There wasn 't much that surprised him these days , and Reggie had lived a long , long time .
tr	I	Sasha 's senses were flooded by the extreme scent of perfume , another of Kenneth 's demands from her mother , and the bed dipped .
tr	O	她需要和他分手，并且黛布拉的出现只是让那个决定更加明确。
tr	O	她曾征求过他的意见、想法、愿望，并且当他提供甚少时，她很高兴。
tr	O	也许这里仍然是那个强奸宫殿，并且他把我困在这里，而那些大家伙在做所有的工作。
tr	O	我知道她说他们杀了埃莉安娜，但是我希望那不意味着她亲眼目睹了。
tr	O	他大步流星地走过院子，并且在我还没反应过来时，我们已经进入了城堡凉爽的黑暗中。
tr	I	She visualized him on the other side of the door thinking and timmons didn 't answer .
tr	O	整件事当时很尴尬，并且现在对我来说也同样尴尬。
tr	I	It is only a matter of time before you take what you want , but I 'm surprised you have lasted this long .
tr	I	I ain 't heard they launched any , but they got new ones in the works .
tr	I	It was every bit as real - but maybe her faith wasn 't like her father 's .
tr	I	I had to look elsewhere , and Joe no longer needed an additional full-time waitress .
tr	O	本尼迪克特曾以同样的方式看着她，但是他没有问任何问题。
tr	I	He is more exquisitely lovely than I had ever realized , and Steele comes often to see me .
tr	I	Something else was going on , or he either had a serious case of A.D.D. .
tr	O	我迅速跟着劳埃德穿过房子，在我们寻找任何不妥之处时迅速扫过各个房间，但是什么都没有。
tr	I	If it 's over two years ago so is dad And Technically I already am here , safely tucked in L.A. .
tr	I	He said to drag you both up to the manse and I spoke to His Grace when I arrived .
tr	I	The walls were eggshell , giving the room warmth , and the hardwood floors in his home were a polished blond .
tr	O	他戴着头盔，但是面罩是开着的，露出一张对我来说像我自己的脸一样熟悉的面孔。
tr	I	There was nothing remotely angelic about him , but his features were relaxed .
tr	I	I opened the package and I locked the door , turned the light one .
tr	O	她想了一百万个借口，但是他们俩都知道她迟到的原因。
tr	I	It 's obvious to everyone what your weak spot is , but you don 't hide your feelings , which is admirable .
tr	O	女孩的笑容很美丽，并且克洛伊立刻对她咧嘴一笑。
tr	O	安东看了她一眼，并且她给了他一个那种“如果你想要我，我就在这里”的微笑，彻底震撼了他。
tr	I	The real smile I 'd gotten earlier was gone , but Finn offered me a smile .
tr	O	我们回到人行道上，并且我拉上夹克抵御寒冷。
tr	I	I know she is right , but I want to deny it .
tr	O	我以前没告诉过你，但是他的眼睛需要进一步手术。
tr	I	Obviously he had gone back to school for a career upgrade of some sort , but Martin had known Ty as a mechanical engineer .
tr	O	他的一部分知道没有希望，但是他拒绝让那个事实扎根。
tr	O	我知道是我在说话，但是我不知道这些话从何而来。
tr	O	威廉凝视着她，但是她能看出他只看到了过去。
tr	I	He was lost in her eyes of unearthly wisdom and she gave him a look that stole time .
tr	O	我会看到你埋葬我的那天，并且我从坟墓中伸出手与你同眠，进行我欠你的永恒睡眠。
tr	I	We were running out of time , but originally , I had planned on building a pole building first , to store everything in .
tr	O	它没有小鸟那样突然，或者大鸟在栖息时那种犹豫的停顿。
tr	I	There are others who are stronger but most civilians are too petrified to protest .
tr	I	I know not what but in the back of my mind something nags at me .
tr	O	他们步行到了这个住所，但是他们中没有一个人在这次快速旅行中注意到周围的环境，因为他们被跳跃削弱了。
tr	O	我真的希望我的整个轮子不会飞脱，但是如果会，至少专业人员就在附近。
tr	I	Sharing cosmetic secrets and braiding her friends ' hair .
tr	O	他张开嘴要插话，但是我举起一只手阻止了他。
tr	I	Her eyes filled with arousal and her lips hitched briefly .
tr	O	我反而喝了几杯，但是那没有阻止他。
tr	O	他的舌头滑入我口中，并且我的背部弓向他，当我再次尝到他的甜美时。
tr	I	Then everyone started bustling at once , and there was one brief moment of stunned silence .
tr	O	他想喊出来，但是他无法说话。
tr	O	这名17岁的男性为米多斯女士辩护，并且据称的袭击者开车离开了。
tr	O	即使分手后，我感到一切都结束了而松了一口气，但是它仍然很痛。
tr	O	尼克去洗澡了，并且我回去睡觉了。
tr	I	That was totally besides the point , but she looked good enough to eat .
tr	O	她走进她睡觉的房间，并且她的东西散落在地板上。
tr	O	我正在熟悉它，并且我真的变得相当沾沾自喜。
tr	I	Lea was moving slower than before , but Lea would be dashing towards Tania .
tr	I	Mom worked a lot , too and Dad had to work two jobs .
tr	O	第四章 艾瑞丝刘海飞扬地跑上楼，并且 维奥莱特去厨房寻找厨师丽塔。
tr	I	Letting David help her use the bathroom was not one of them , but there were a lot of things that Noelle could handle .
tr	I	It wasn 't going to last , but it had fooled most of them .
tr	I	They sized each other up and Addy 's ex halted in his tracks .
tr	I	Then voices raised , and they heard a door bang inside .
tr	I	When he relaxed his eyes caught on something , and he took a deep , full breath .
tr	O	水流抓住了船，并且 城市开始缩小。
tr	I	He had accepted it without a thought of why , and everyone had written Cameron off as a useless drunk .
tr	I	She found it strangely intimate instead , but the scent should have been repulsive .
tr	I	I felt the same , but I thought being queen would feel different somehow , like something inside of me would have fundamentally changed .
tr	O	我刻意地看着我面前的椅子，并且 她领会了暗示。
tr	O	脸朝下趴在垫子上，乔伊意识到他的眼睛是睁开的，但是 他看不见。
tr	O	使达里奥现在感到害怕的，不是他自己与那个人的相像，但是 那个人本身。
tr	I	I sense him , but other times , like now , he keeps silent .
tr	O	他把她从泰迪的床边拉开，但是 她踩到了什么东西，使她停了下来。
tr	I	As a result he has the press 's interest , and Mr. Saunders is the world 's most eligible billionaire bachelor .
tr	O	她解开了他的衬衫，并且 她的嘴移向他的胸膛，伴随着愉悦的低语从他唇间逸出。
tr	O	天哪贝西结束了，并且 我们回家。
tr	I	I know you 'll understand , but mom thinks I 'm crazy .
tr	O	克莱尔非常想，但是她还有另一个问题。
tr	I	I 'm left wondering if I have what it takes to be a superhero , and small Talk walks off .
tr	O	它们的美丽让我神魂颠倒，并且它们在这么多年后依然存在。
tr	O	我们再次和泽克会合，并且我把贝壳放进口袋。
tr	O	有些坏人在对像你这样的人做坏事，并且这些家伙想阻止它，等等。
tr	O	我知道我那样的时候他不太会应对，但是当我需要他的时候他总是在那里。
tr	O	她的下唇颤抖着，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	O	我什么也看不见，但是我能听到他们。
tr	I	Despite his brave face , I could see him wince with each step , and now he carried a toddler in his other arm .
tr	I	This little girl jumped out at me all unexpected , and I must have relaxed my guard , at the end of the last chapter .
tr	I	Everything would be all right again and Melvin would come to his rescue .
tr	O	我们已经靠边停车了，并且现在，十分钟后，我们即将登机。
tr	O	我离婚了，并且我没有孩子。
tr	I	As soon as she felt Becky 's arms go around her , she lost it , but she thought she could be strong .
tr	I	When he did , his sight began to return slowly , as if a fog were being lifted and he stopped .
tr	O	我们曾想要一个没有坏事的夜晚，并且这就是我们得到的。
tr	O	她想出去吃早餐，但是她忘记了纽约的生活是多么匆忙。
tr	I	He thought he recognised it , and the first thing he saw was an Orban at a computer .
tr	I	The wounds mended as quickly as they were made ... but the Sentinel blasted the monster .
tr	O	它在诺亚那里卡住过一次，但是我知道它不会在我这里卡住。
tr	I	It Gets Better internet videos and I 'm just tired of people remembering my generation for Kim Kardashian .
tr	I	The sound of Bryn 's voice makes me stop short but I 'm glancing at my phone .
tr	O	她能看到她的幼犬在玩耍，并且村庄一如既往。
tr	O	周围没有木头，所以他们吃了一顿冷餐，并且几名男子抱怨没有咖啡。
tr	O	我在和林克说话，但是我看着莉娜。
tr	I	I were together and which means he .
tr	O	盖奇，她对你着迷，并且我将是第一个说我很高兴的人。
tr	I	At times , I was surprised by his own restraint , and I think he sensed my hesitation to go too fast .
tr	I	He relished it , and she clung to him like he was her life raft in the middle of the ocean .
tr	I	There is only so much that you can learn from books , but I support study as much as any man .
tr	O	Buddy 可能已经抛弃了她，但是她并非没有选择。
tr	O	他的手臂环抱着我，并且多年来我第一次真正感觉自己有了家。
tr	I	I knew Daniel could tell how I felt and I wore a frown .
tr	I	Her pale blue eyes stared out over the park forever , and her body lay limp exactly as Beverly Jones had died .
tr	I	She clasped the baby protectively to her , and Corinne 's head snapped up .
tr	I	Brooke hit the number again , and John 's phone went to voicemail .
tr	O	她的姿态如此痛苦和沮丧，布莱恩无法忍受。
tr	I	My body doesn 't move , but my mind screams at me .
tr	O	当凯莉看到小丑出现时，她笑了，但是笑容很快就消失了，因为坡低头看着它。
tr	O	她笑了，但是帕克想知道他是否是活在世上最无聊的人。
tr	O	托马斯不懈地试图招募杰克为他的公司工作，但是杰克拒绝了，更喜欢在代理机构工作。
tr	I	It had never materialised but they had spent the last two years waiting for the new society their leaders had promised .
tr	O	他跳了下去，并且就在我刚要跳时，混沌抓住了我的手臂。
tr	O	她皱起眉头，并且聚集在房间里的灵魂消失了。
tr	I	It felt like the promise of so much more but this one didn 't last more than five seconds .
tr	O	牧师向后靠，并且他那把旧椅子吱呀作响。
tr	O	那很好，并且我很喜欢它。
tr	O	无论谁在那里都会举行祈福，并且大海会将尸体带走。
tr	I	His hangover wasn 't much better and the Brita was almost empty .
tr	I	Part of me was reluctant to let him go , but part of me wanted to finish things with him .
tr	O	我们两人都一动不动地站着，感觉像过了永恒，但是我确信实际上只过了几秒钟。
tr	I	That 's for another day , but even Logan wants his dead girlfriend 's diary , which sucks in a big way .
tr	I	That is why you are here and we are still in the process of rebuilding .
tr	O	门轻轻地响了一声，并且我冲了进去。
tr	O	殖民地必须被限制在一座建筑内，或者所有建筑都必须有室内连接。
tr	I	She didn 't look back at him , but Alethea tensed beneath Marc 's hand .
tr	I	They weren 't , but he thought the mules would be slow .
tr	I	Steam obscured their view , but the rain had stopped .
tr	O	当他喝酒时，他按住她的手腕，并且她再次被粗暴地侵犯。
tr	I	This didn 't hurt so much it was like you were protecting me again , but mostly I tried not to think about you .
tr	O	一个即时的抗议涌上我的唇边，但是我设法咽了回去，尽管我无法忍住眼泪。
tr	I	He looked sick and he felt sick .
tr	O	我在这里陪你，并且我不会离开你。
tr	O	她知道他感受到了她所感受到的某种吸引力，或者他今晚就不会等她了。
tr	I	Parasites had entered and Gerald must have had an open wound somewhere .
tr	O	然后他又动了，并且他们跟在他身后三步。
tr	O	这个程序很简单，并且大部分时间都有效。
tr	I	Sure enough , he 's right , and I glance up at the clock .
tr	O	她又叫了一声，但是回应她的只有寂静。
tr	I	I hoped it would at least tide me over until dinner , but it wasn 't cheese fries .
tr	O	提克这次做好了迎接反作用力的准备，并且他靠向它，用自己的力量与它抗衡。
tr	I	They chatted for a few minutes and Simon then introduced Lucas to her .
tr	O	他看起来不开心，并且我为他感到心疼。
tr	O	这可能是利亚的第一次，但是我对此表示怀疑。
tr	I	A service area lined the wall , and several large community tables filled the space .
tr	I	They were the best six years I ever had , and we were married for six years before the accident .
tr	O	我努力想表现得很酷，但是无法掩饰我语气中的恼怒。
tr	O	那个男人看起来像是要杀了她，但是一颗子弹反而击中了他。
tr	O	她的眼睛闭上了，并且她的双腿大开，当她将手指放得更低时。
tr	I	No one wanted to take the blame for starting it and the world was on the threshold of World War III .
tr	I	Dorian was leaning over the railing -- looking as though she 'd never seen a game before , but Alisha was working on her computer thingy .
tr	O	莱文在地图上指给他看，并且本简直不敢相信自己的运气。
tr	O	门铃响了，并且她的母亲冲进了客厅。
tr	O	我开始和他们一起跑向旋转木马，但是那时我才注意到旋转木马已经有人了。
tr	I	Shawn laughed , and she whisked him away .
tr	I	I did not recognize any of the voices , but I could hear radio transmissions from inside .
tr	I	A toilet pushed against the side , and an enzyme spray hose slithered from the far wall .
tr	O	当我走近桌子时，我把它们看成了棕色，但是现在它们看起来是黑色的。
tr	O	我可能说了再见，但是我记不得说过。
tr	O	她当然能驾驶帕比的卡车，但是她却无法在方向盘后放松下来。
tr	I	The small box containing her ashes would be buried in the cemetery under a small stone and Riley would be cremated .
tr	I	Treating her as family and taking in a stranger .
tr	O	她左腿使不上劲，把重心放在右腿上，并且她的左臂无力地垂在身侧。
tr	O	我被当天情感上的跌宕起伏弄得筋疲力尽，并且我决定犒劳自己享受一下多年未有的奢侈。
tr	O	我的手开始出汗，并且我牢固的抓握也变弱了。
tr	O	那是她的中间名，但是安德鲁不知道这一点。
tr	I	The stuffed backpack was beside him , and he was still dressed head to toe in warm garb .
tr	O	我知道他对那件事很焦躁，但是那并不是他会担心的事情。
tr	O	她穿着一件带兜帽的简单黑色长袍，并且她鲜艳的红发形成了鲜明对比。
tr	O	阿黛尔表示希望退休，并且他立刻起身护送她。
tr	O	然后他看着康纳，并且他的姿态放松了。
tr	O	你不在这里，但是你的大部分东西还在，所以我只是在想。
tr	O	她的指尖能感觉到肌肉收紧，并且她知道自己说错了话。
tr	O	因为让我做出自己的选择，并且不试图控制我潜在的错误。
tr	I	I failed for the umpteenth time , but I tried to read the thoughts he kept so well hidden .
tr	O	风从东方来，并且我们必须驶向开阔水域，如果我们不想被吹到岸上。
tr	O	比纽约的寒冷空气暖和得多，并且因为有毛皮，他有点喜欢凉风。
tr	O	她转过身，并且他们又开始了。
tr	O	所有人通常都是空白的，但是他们有一个状态。
tr	I	At the moment the trees he loved seemed like a lesser concern , but the forest was in danger , too .
tr	I	I jerked away from him , but he grabbed my hand again .
tr	O	一个影子吸引了我的目光，但是它一动不动。
tr	I	It was Elena 's , and there was only one set of footprints here .
tr	O	声音来自贝丝的嘴，但是说话的不是贝丝。
tr	O	那是一种痴迷，而且丽丝想知道他的秘密。
tr	O	自从第一个夜晚以来已经过去了三天，而且景色已经改变了。
tr	O	她的眼睛仍然紧闭着，而且她脸上的表情是平静的。
tr	O	我们在光天化日之下比我预期的走得更远了，但是还有很长的路要走。
tr	O	我受伤的胳膊被包扎起来了，但是我的手套上有血迹。
tr	O	房间的大小和卡米尔在洛杉矶的公寓一样大，但是这是两个空间唯一的共同点。
tr	I	It wasn 't hunger , but there was a pain in my stomach .
tr	I	I could feel their influence disappearing and I fought against each of them .
tr	O	我的身体在她抓住我时开始有了反应，但是我已经他妈的累得快睡着了，如此精疲力尽。
tr	I	In a moment he turned the lights off , but there was no response from the other side .
tr	I	Somehow , death always follows you , yet you put on this lofty pose about protecting lives .
tr	I	He thought I should get out and he was their friend .
tr	I	They were going to find it , and there was information to be had .
tr	I	I just snapped , but that was all .
tr	O	反驳的话语已在我嘴边，并且在我张大嘴巴时，它立刻从我舌尖消失了。
tr	I	He removed a small knife he 'd retrieved from Mrs. Dawson 's kitchen and Helen lifted her left hand .
tr	I	It wasn 't what Elaine needed to hear right then , but it was a complicated answer .
tr	I	Here you are nothing , but you may be a prince where you come from .
tr	O	她试图把腿从床边甩过去，但是她的头晕得像一个练习着足尖旋转的芭蕾舞演员。
tr	I	What she 'd hinted had been enough to shock Eleanor out of her complacency , but she had not gone into detail .
tr	I	It didn 't fit her at all , but she was wearing the same blue suit .
tr	O	我能想到一个，但是我没有说出口。
tr	O	门开了，并且她消失在了四楼。
tr	O	一个仆人掉了一只手套，并且我把它捡了起来。
tr	I	The kiss knocked her breathless , stole her reason , weakened her knees ... but there was no urgency , no ferocity between them .
tr	I	It 's first come first serve and my promise to mom was first .
tr	O	我讨厌死亡的念头，并且我比我原以为的更加害怕。
tr	I	She stands up straight from where she 's been leaning on the sink , and her nostrils flare .
tr	I	At the same time , it 's too real , and it must be .
tr	O	地面震出了他肺里的空气，并且阴沉的天空又低头望了回来。
tr	I	She didn 't , but he expected her to snarl at him again for coming along .
tr	O	我们昨晚杀了两个人，并且天知道有多少平民。
tr	O	我想要一个情人，并且我想要一个妻子。
tr	O	我看不清是谁，但是她又笑了。
tr	O	他将目光扫过来与我的目光相遇，并且他眼中情感的强烈几乎将我推开。
tr	I	The whole time he was the one , and I sat next to him for years !
tr	O	我们已经坐了二十分钟没说一句话，但是我并不打算说话。
tr	I	My crimes are my own , but these men here with me are loyal to my cause of justice .
tr	I	I don 't feel any pain , but Chapter Twenty Seven The gun explodes .
tr	O	他的肚子很痛，但是那不是任何身体上的损伤造成的。
tr	I	All of its instincts are bent on breeding , and it 's an adult now .
tr	O	温度也比应有的高，但是那并没有持续。
tr	O	实际上我收到了三条短信，但是我认为没有必要把这告诉爱丽丝。
tr	O	铃响了，并且所有人都回到了教室。
tr	I	He had no plans to abandon him now , but he was not sure what Raphael was doing .
tr	O	她看得出来他很震惊，但是他却很好地掩饰了。
tr	O	橄榄球擒抱砰地一声落下，并且墨菲被撂倒了。
tr	O	谈判即将失败，而且这是我最后的话。
tr	I	Amy was kind of proud of her boss , but Linde didn 't look happy .
tr	O	罗迪猜测着，并且亚历山德拉点了点头。
tr	O	他学得很快，并且他知道直觉这回事。
tr	O	我本可以坐在阅读椅上，但是我没有。
tr	O	当他的触碰恰好击中我的敏感点时，我喊了出来，并且一阵阵快感涌遍全身。
tr	I	A soft gasp escaped her throat , but she gripped the edge of the countertop .
tr	O	他闭上眼睛，双臂抱在胸前，并且他哭了。
tr	I	Dismissing his guide , conducted his into the cottage , and she assisted his to dismount .
tr	I	He readily agreed to help out , and I told Owens of my idea .
tr	O	诺埃尔动身想逃跑，但是已经太迟了。
tr	I	When they did , above him was a velvet night sky , hung with a billion stars , and Odd 's eyes took moments to adjust .
tr	I	It would be wise to be quiet , and his captain was not to be dissuaded .
tr	I	I could still see it on his face , but some of the sadness from the morning had dissipated .
tr	O	我们也想他，但是他搬走了。
tr	O	他往后又挪了一些，并且当那只鹤腾空而起时，它燃烧着的白色胸膛掠过离那男人朝天鼻一英寸的地方。
tr	O	我以为我能跑得很快，但是他们要强一百万倍。
tr	O	查理的眼睛因这语气而睁大，并且查德看到了他表情的变化。
tr	I	I looked up to investigate my predicament and I felt the wave of the avalanche dissipate .
tr	I	Chance bounded toward Connie , barking excitedly , and he lowered the pup to the floor .
tr	O	里斯似乎对他的回答很满意，并且他转向了那个女孩。
tr	I	Auron threw his stone gauntlet and Ember dashed towards him again .
tr	I	Case updates treated exactly the same and Information gathered must be communicated instantly .
tr	I	The shade of the mature trees gave them a welcome reprieve from the hot sun and it was a warm morning .
tr	I	He beat me to it , but I started typing a reply .
tr	I	I do not know where he travels and he has left the castle .
tr	O	玛丽亚的尸体继续在山脊上燃烧，并且我所做的一切都无法扑灭那场火。
tr	I	That might be months from now , and I couldn 't imagine the rest of my house being habitable until the work was complete .
tr	I	I spun to see who it was , and CHAPTER SEVEN Warm hands gripped my hips .
tr	O	最终他会误入歧途，并且一旦他那样做了，那会让她心碎。
tr	I	He flashed me another cocky grin , and his gaze zoomed over to me .
tr	O	确实她从不饮烈酒，但是不知为何，今天啤酒似乎是明智的选择。
tr	O	水分渗入了她的衣服，但是那一刻，她震惊得无法动弹。
tr	I	My father refused to listen , but my dowry would have allowed us to live a comfortable life .
tr	I	Her hair seemed tatty and her uniform looked tight .
tr	I	I 've been waiting , and I remember your promise .
tr	I	Her compliments made me a bit self-conscious , but it didn 't sound bad at all .
tr	O	他沿着街道走向他的拖车，并且我回到我的房间。
tr	O	我能感觉到皮肤刺痛，并且我的头也晕眩起来，因为我吃下去的所有意大利面都快要吐出来了。
tr	O	他确信他会赢，并且我也不确定他不会赢。
tr	I	I thought it would hurt you , but I wanted to tell you what was going on a million times .
tr	I	I took a few steps , and the line moved forward again .
tr	I	She had to be careful about the expenses she incurred , and she didn 't know how long she 'd be in town .
tr	I	This was going to be over in a damn hurry , or I drew a couple of deep breaths to calm myself down .
tr	I	All three became still , like wraiths in the passage , and he touched his ear , then held up his hand .
tr	O	他找到了另一份爱，并且这一次他猛烈地追求她。
tr	I	In the midst of the fighting , a howl made him stop , but he marched off .
tr	O	这家店周一不营业，除非是节假日周末，但是我会在早上叫一些员工来帮忙。
tr	I	The only thing I could feel for her was pity , but I wanted to hate her for doing this to me .
tr	I	I slide down to a sitting position and I think of the trail of destruction in my wake - my knees weaken .
tr	O	小俱乐部里挤满了人，并且他可能一直在看我身边跳舞的任何一个饥饿的女孩。
tr	I	Then he frowned , and he looked unsure of himself for one split second .
tr	I	She remembered the feel of his lips there and his eyes darted down to her mouth .
tr	I	He could hardly breathe and fear seized his lungs .
tr	O	昨天我醒来时头痛欲裂，并且我就是知道它在我的脑子里。
tr	I	The plane lurched forward and he gunned the engine .
tr	O	他们停止了推搡，并且布莱恩小心翼翼地爬下梯子，直到他的头与达美喷气式飞机的机翼底部齐平。
tr	O	很快他意识到他正在吻她的脖子，她正在发出轻柔低沉的呻吟声。
tr	I	The afternoon warmed up ever more and the morning 's rain had passed .
tr	I	Theresa was relieved at how well they seemed to get along , and Garrett answered each one patiently .
tr	O	他的手从她脸上落下，并且他离开了她。
tr	I	He stood his ground , but when he reached the cook with empty hands , his cheeks flamed .
tr	O	我惊讶地猛地往后一退，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	The spaces directly in front of the station were reserved for police cars , and the police station didn 't have a parking lot .
tr	I	Its coat was a silky , silvery gold that shimmered in the shadows , and there was a fifth pup , a bit larger than the others .
tr	I	The tension broke like glass , and the old man had said , laughing .
tr	O	树枝颤抖着，盘绕着，并且布莱恩的身体瘫软了。
tr	O	他会写一封愉快的回复，并且这件事就会结束。
tr	I	I 'd learned to get around that , but he had my life planned out .
tr	O	贾克斯的声音很温暖，并且他用柔软的手指轻抚我的手腕，让一阵阵情欲的颤栗传遍我的全身。
tr	O	这是一个陡峭的下降，但是他们别无选择。
tr	O	树林吞噬了他，并且警察已经从他身边经过了。
tr	O	我试图挣脱，但是他更紧地抓住了我的手。
tr	O	几乎不可能看到外面的一切，但是特里的最佳猜测是他在一列行驶的火车上。
tr	I	She blinked them away rapidly , but tears rushed to her eyes once more .
tr	O	他踉跄着站起身，但是人行道在他脚下移动了。
tr	O	她没有权利因为他与一只猫共度一生而感到如释重负，但是她仍然如此。
tr	O	水槽不在我放的地方，并且羊群不见踪影。
tr	I	Some could be reversed , but mistakes were always made .
tr	I	My memory ain 't what it used to be , but I hoped I could remember how things were in Pacifica .
tr	O	普雷斯顿考虑了文斯在乔妮搬出去后可能安装了复杂的安保系统的可能性，但是这不太可能。
tr	O	如果性命攸关，他白天也能保持清醒，但是他很虚弱，行动迟缓。
tr	I	Yours is the snow falling and my love is a waterfall .
tr	I	He struck deep with his fangs and his mouth moved to the pulsing vein on her inner thigh .
tr	I	Victory surges through me as I pull myself up , and my hand closes around the branch .
tr	O	我试图避免这场对话，但是克拉丽莎没那么容易被劝退。
tr	O	他看向她的办公桌，并且胃里感觉有些不对劲。
tr	I	Lay curled in an uncontrollable flip beneath his ears , and his coppery hair was slicked back from his forehead .
tr	I	I 'll bring Steph , but I can 't stay too long .
tr	O	听到她的宣布，他的头猛地抬起来，并且他的苦乐参半的巧克力色眼睛变得冷酷。
tr	I	Lindsay stepped closer to Carrie , and the two men began a conversation about military life .
tr	I	He felt the zombie 's grip slacken , but Ted could hear nothing over the ringing in his ears .
tr	I	I had both my hands on it , but he tried to point the gun at me .
tr	I	The lack of knowledge made her even more frantic and Dana had no idea what the protocol might be .
tr	O	西蒙娜张开了嘴，但是没有一个字说出来。
tr	I	The hunter wondered to himself if all these events were somehow related and the memory of the sneering giant eel shimmered in Leo 's mind .
tr	O	我能看到我的侦察车的前保险杠，但是仅此而已。
tr	O	我们约会的记忆对我来说仍然很新鲜，并且这让我的心跳得更快了一些。
tr	O	他的挺动变得不稳，并且当她伸手环抱住他的臀部时，她知道他已经失控了，就像她一样。
tr	O	他似乎也有那种本能，但是在那第一次不安的冲动之后，我摇了摇头。
tr	I	I knew fighting was the best way for me to let it out and I had all my emotions bottled up inside .
tr	I	Her teeth chattered and her limbs trembled .
tr	I	The fact was , it was true , but she hated to admit it .
tr	I	My friends go free and I win then me .
tr	O	当我这样做时，纸片划破了我的手指，并且一小点血从那个微小的伤口渗了出来。
tr	I	I can 't , but he 'd told me to wait to find him .
tr	I	She spent her days being punished and the world was close to ending !
tr	I	It makes my chest hurt and it seems so farfetched when I think about it .
tr	O	我的脸上露出了一个大大的笑容，并且我看向我的母亲，对她露出一个真诚感激的笑容。
tr	O	她因恐惧而后退，但是他随即转过身去，为她敞开了快速离开的通道。
tr	O	当时才下午初，并且我很快就能到那里。
tr	I	I don 't take the time to listen , but I hear Sophia on her cell phone behind me .
tr	O	他抓住我的手，并且我们继续走着。
tr	O	他在黑暗中显得很自在，但是我的心却在狂跳。
tr	O	她一如既往地美丽，但是她的脸上却带着一丝忧伤。
tr	O	我没听到沃克走近，但是我听到他笑了。
tr	O	她曾经历过一场风暴，一场狂暴的、汹涌的风暴，但是她安全到家了。
tr	O	在肯塔基老家我们养鸡，但是与其把它们运到佛罗里达，妈妈发誓说我们一旦安顿下来就会投资买新的。
tr	O	他觉得他应该，但是他还没有感受到。
tr	O	这次突袭计划得一丝不苟，而且执行过程也成为构筑侦缉总督察大卫·莫顿传奇的众多轶事之一。
tr	I	Her legs were still weak , but Iona knew she should fight .
tr	O	她去摸她的另一把匕首，但是他也抓住了那个手腕。
tr	O	她为我举起一个垃圾袋，并且我把毯子扔了进去。
tr	I	All she wanted to do was go back to what they were doing , and Peter hesitated .
tr	O	Buck 抱着我以示精神支持，但是他什么也没说，因为没什么可说的。
tr	I	He didn 't pull away either , but he certainly didn 't respond .
tr	I	I wanted to know more , and the more people who knew , the harder it would be to keep it from David .
tr	I	It wiped the sassy grin right off her face , and it was the last thing she expected .
tr	O	他和服务员说了话，并且她指向我们。
tr	I	She 'd always stopped me , but I 'd tried all of those things .
tr	O	他们吵了起来，并且乔伊接着出了一拳。
tr	I	His arms clamped around me , but I tried to get up .
tr	I	It was clear he knew he was licked , but Bax regarded the ostriches with a smoldering look .
tr	I	She 's already under a lot of stress and their daughter is a busy state police investigator .
tr	I	She didn 't like that particular witch anyway , but Rhiannon knew she had landed on her .
tr	O	一位船长跳了起来，并且他不顾惯常的礼节，轻率地开了口。
tr	I	She couldn 't take her eyes off him , but Ava sat watching him read , disregarding the awkwardness of her staring .
tr	I	Those crossroads met at other crossroads , and the other occupants appeared out of other tunnels that met at crossroads .
tr	O	盲王礼貌地站了起来，并且杰森笨拙地跟着他的动作。
tr	O	你打架，并且你会被赶出去。
tr	I	It was going to be the death of me - and I was in her element now .
tr	I	Still , the light was less than pleasant , but he wasn 't as hungover as Terry was .
tr	O	她碰了碰花，想把它们移走，但是她的触碰让枯萎的花朵变成了灰烬。
tr	I	Nikki knew there was a lot more than just promises being sold in the private rooms and Mack tried to keep the girls in line .
tr	I	She groaned again , and her chest still hurt , though .
tr	I	Days to come and days gone by .
tr	O	他们穿着猎人的衣服，但是他们的武器却是用来杀人的。
tr	I	The man shrugged him off , but Nick grabbed Owen 's shoulder .
tr	O	我在他嘴唇碰到我的前一刻停了下来，并且我能看到他眼中的幽默。
tr	I	She was sure it was hopeless , but Ann was on 911 .
tr	O	闹铃响了，并且那刺耳的声音在房间里回荡，吓了他们俩一跳。
tr	I	Everyone knew Ellis had meant it to be that way , and he 'd been the one to find Ellis .
tr	O	我镇定下来后，我穿好衣服，我们前往顶层公寓。
tr	O	就在那时火车驶入了一个隧道，并且在黑暗中沮丧的心情变得更加沉重了。
tr	I	It was easy for her to see the images in her minds eye and the pulsing sound was much slower now .
tr	O	他邪恶地笑了笑，并且我知道他正在想着我对所有草莓制品的偏爱。
tr	I	Now that we had come to an understanding , all that was left was an awkward silence , and we had never been civil to each other .
tr	O	她似乎震惊得说不出话来，并且他厌恶地摇了摇头。
tr	I	I shivered and goose bumps appeared .
tr	O	他朝我走近一步，并且他的手放在我的肩膀上。
tr	I	He 'd have to haul Grace up over his shoulder , and his men would have to lower him over by rope .
tr	I	She held back from accepting the diamond , yet the thought ran through her mind .
tr	I	That would be way too easy , but she thought of suggesting he use her first name .
tr	I	Then she remembered telling him it was the scare that had made her sick , but at first she didn 't understand what he meant .
tr	I	They didn 't look right either , but his teeth weren 't exactly pointed .
tr	I	She doesn 't smile , and she watches me with still , dead eyes .
tr	O	我及时勉强把她推开，并且当我抬头想看车牌时，车已经不见了。
tr	O	他伸手去抓她，但是她猛地挣脱了他的掌控。
tr	I	Here she was sound asleep in his bed , but when he first woke up he thought he dreamed it all .
tr	O	你可能不觉得饿，但是你还是应该吃点东西。
tr	O	我对他的简单一句话感到惊讶，并且我在回应前迟疑了一下。
tr	O	他们的眼神交汇了，并且吉姆点了点头。
tr	I	It looks like he wants to , but he doesn 't say anything .
tr	O	克里斯看着比利用一根长棍把什么东西塞进大炮里，并且然后一个名叫理查兹的炮手点燃了它们。
tr	O	因克不想想起小屋里的那个老头，但是L.J.却总是提起它。
tr	O	一股热浪向她袭来，并且她猛地后退，盯着那个女孩。
tr	I	Every day she was getting shot at , dodging IEDs , changing in ways he couldn 't imagine , and she was so far away .
tr	O	他的《橄榄球僵尸》三部曲（Gomer出版社）在年轻读者中大受欢迎，并且他是萤火虫出版社的董事。
tr	O	她反复问过他们是否更喜欢罗斯公司里的另一位装饰师，并且他们坚持说她是他们的首选。
tr	I	He moved forward and I moved back .
tr	O	我们走到咖啡馆门口，并且我为他把门打开。
tr	I	I still found it entertaining , but it was kind of gross .
tr	I	Considering everything that had happened it didn 't surprise me , but I 'd never heard him this upset before .
tr	I	I wished he had lingered for just a moment longer , but he released it almost immediately .
tr	I	He nodded and she murmured .
tr	I	I sat there blubbering like a baby and tears began to fall down my face .
tr	I	Of course there wasn 't one , but I glanced around for a weapon .
tr	I	They had the oddest collection in the shire , and the Franciscans loved their animals dear .
tr	I	His body drags with me , and I clutch Ryan 's shirt .
tr	I	Now when anyone wrapped their warm arms around her it reminded her of how cold she was , but she used to be a hugger .
tr	O	我可以像呼吸一样轻易地到来，但是他没有这么说。
tr	O	确实，他们现在都在追求同样的东西，但是这并没有平息他内心翻腾的不安。
tr	O	这些符号不像我以前见过的任何东西，但是它们看起来有点像象形文字。
tr	I	He turned around sharply , his momentum carrying him backward and one foot dug into the ground in front of him .
tr	O	我不确定我到底相信了多少，但是那就是说出来的。
tr	I	With gentle care , respecting the age of the canvas , he rolled it wide for all to see , and Rasputin leaned closer .
tr	O	神秘的面纱像窗帘一样笼罩着小隔间，并且他正试图拉开窗帘。
tr	I	We still hadn 't had our shining moment , but I 'd been ready for a while now .
tr	I	She blinked them away and they pricked her eyelids .
tr	O	塔拉指向船尾的一个地方，并且女孩们朝它走去。
tr	I	I can 't stop , but he 's not coming after me .
tr	I	She needed to be able to defend herself , but Balthazar would always be the best at kicking ass when necessary .
tr	I	She pulls me to my feet and I take it .
tr	I	Then she fastens the button , and she slips on a pair of jeans , shimmying them up to her hips .
tr	O	你应该知道，并且鉴于今晚有所谓的会议，这可能是你最后的机会了。
tr	O	他拍打着她的手指，但是他只是在玩。
tr	I	A bizarre one began to play in my head like a horror movie shortly thereafter and I was in dreamland as well .
tr	I	In the meantime I was going to make sure no one ever came looking for you , but I 'd take you on as an apprentice .
tr	O	伊格尼斯国王皱起眉头，并且他的眼睛眯了起来。
tr	I	For some reason she felt a stab of pain in her chest and slowly realisation dawned .
tr	O	新鲜滚烫的咖啡因气味弥漫在我周围的空气中，并且我立刻向前迈了一步，深吸了一口气。
tr	O	那名中士是劳拉奉命寻找的四名士兵之一，并且他现在是狼嚎连的最高军官。
tr	O	他的眼睛轻颤着合上，并且他的头垂了下来，仿佛再也无法承受存在的重压。
tr	I	My legs uncomfortably began to tremble , and it was an erotic stare down .
tr	I	They weren 't helping anything , and the tears were coming harder .
tr	O	坡推开了一条毯子，并且她朝下面看去。
tr	I	This was the first time he admitted it to anyone , but he always knew the answer to the question she asked .
tr	O	我将摄像机再次举起，并且他又出现在屏幕上。
tr	O	我知道那是一个微不足道的想法，但是莱昂斯是我在这个被遗弃的地方，除了欧文斯之外，唯一真正的朋友。
tr	I	He drank it anyhow but his coffee was cold .
tr	O	她一直在等待某种答案，并且她不认为自己能再等下去了。
tr	I	When we were out of earshot from the Hotel , I caught up with her and I followed her .
tr	I	I was already cringing , thinking of how Mom would react to there being a witness , and she 'd bolted when she saw me .
tr	I	It took Herr 'D on many long moments to break through the web , and the inside of the hole was also covered in vines .
tr	O	那是一个可爱的声音，并且她做的时候看起来也很可爱。
tr	O	他稍稍转过身来面对我，并且他伸出手来握住我的手。
tr	I	That didn 't matter , she could launch right through the door , into the driver , but the tour bus door had closed .
tr	I	The animal 's tracks were easy to follow and the ground was soft from a recent rain .
tr	I	Dana 's mouth immediately started watering at the sight of food and a knock on the door revealed a man with a tray .
tr	I	The motorcycle took off like a rocket , and Bex pumped his wrist .
tr	O	我不敢相信我自己在做这件事，但是她离我远去的画面让我的内心有些东西断裂了。
tr	I	I knew we only had a few seconds left to cover his naked penis and I had noticed a couple walking towards us .
tr	I	She was so warm , here in her nest , but perhaps she should replenish it .
tr	O	艾米停止了说话，并且变得安静了。
tr	O	一想到这个就让她非常生气，并且这也让她想起了自己的母亲。
tr	I	Sadie tucks herself behind her counter and we all stand up .
tr	O	只有一端被烧成了黑炭，但是那正是我想要的。
tr	O	斯凯拉的躯干开始缓慢旋转，并且我把手臂固定在她身上。
tr	I	She 'd figure it out later , but lord , she didn 't know .
tr	O	胜利似乎近在眼前，但是这位高级军官并不感到安心。
tr	O	帕克紧随其后，他担忧的目光落在我的背上，但是他没有第二次阻止我。
tr	I	He didn 't feel the least bit tetchy , but he wasn 't sure whether he should be annoyed .
tr	O	现在我是一个自由的人，但是我是什么并不重要。
tr	O	我看到一道影子掠过镜子，但是它的主人正在离开。
tr	I	I did smile , but I was too miserable to laugh .
tr	O	一种奇怪的紧张气氛弥漫在房间里，并且这让我怀疑这对幸福的夫妇之前是否吵过架。
tr	I	Her eyes avoided his , and Mercy 's head drooped .
tr	I	Yet another part was the letter she 'd received earlier that day , and another part was the horrifying dream she had had the night before .
tr	I	Something snagged in her hair , but Mary took a step forward .
tr	I	Tonight she just wanted to hug him , but there was definitely something about the man .
tr	I	My eyes grew heavy , and he touched my arm .
tr	I	It nestled against me , and I stroked its side .
tr	I	We can 't wait here for him and Ali will be a few more minutes .
tr	O	这个星球环境良好，并且吃肉是违法的。
tr	I	They were escalating at an alarming rate , and only her emotions were on the move .
tr	O	她迅速从椅子上站起来离开了房间，并且我也站了起来。
tr	O	他咧嘴一笑，仿佛抓住了我，并且他前倾了身子（我有没有提过他的牙齿像他的皮肤一样黑？）。
tr	I	They piled outside and Quinn pushed the door open .
tr	I	Her heart broke to think she might not get a chance to , and she 'd never been so eager to simply live .
tr	O	那次爆炸足以让巴士底摆脱她的抓捕器，但是她的剑已经被击飞到远处。
tr	I	A walkway made out of more hedging , and there was a gap in the foliage .
tr	I	Some sailor was guarding the entrance against possible stowaways , and a separate gangplank was being used by the crew .
tr	I	I 'm afraid it won 't be enough , but that 's helpful .
tr	O	帕克停了下来并且我转过头，当与贾克斯面对面时，我的心怦怦直跳。
tr	I	My heart melted with compassion , and I looked into her hungry green eyes for a second .
tr	I	Katie kind of liked it , but I thought it looked ridiculous .
tr	O	我的生殖器勃起，抵住她，并且她满意地笑了。
tr	O	我正大步走向电梯，这时它自己叮地一声打开了并且特蕾西走了出来。
tr	I	I won 't , but I can tell he wants to argue with me until I give in .
tr	O	我想加入他，但是我的身体不配合。
tr	I	I assumed Daniel was getting up and I heard a chair move inside .
tr	O	卡普托家的门廊灯都关着，但是有几束灯光从卧室里透出来。
tr	O	他对它的生物学原理了解不多，但是他肯定理解它的意图。
tr	O	我得到了很好的评价，但是那太无聊了。
tr	I	Only now do I see something so obvious that it should have hit me immediately , and I look over .
tr	I	I didn 't say a word , but they had given me an old hag who had seen better days .
tr	I	He had abandoned her , and they had trusted him to look after their daughter .
tr	O	让他活下去，并且请保护我的小男孩。
tr	I	He closed the door behind him , and Iain was the last one in .
tr	O	我古怪地看着她，并且她叹了口气，然后解释道。
tr	I	Her face lit up and she nodded at the bus .
tr	I	John Taylor 's queen had just arrived , and every woman is a queen to someone .
tr	I	In his panic , he tripped , but Leon attempted to turn .
tr	I	The cruiser was parked in the driveway and the porch light was on .
tr	O	宗教裁判所可能反复无常，并且不给他们借口以游荡罪逮捕你是明智的。
tr	I	We wanted desperately to spend the day together , and neither of us was scheduled to work .
tr	I	Stephen rarely had any clients at night anymore , and it was night time .
tr	I	I 've lost two games of Charm by the time March appears , and it 's nearly nightfall .
tr	I	They no longer can shift , but they carry the gene .
tr	I	It 's moved to somewhere in California now , but until last month it was based in Orlando in Florida .
tr	I	They are not what they seem , but they are affiliated with your camp .
tr	I	I spread some onto my roll , and there is a small tub of butter tucked into the wicker basket .
tr	O	他知道历史，但是我们天使不知道。
tr	O	想起这件事让我恶心，而且他甚至不是我的孩子。
tr	I	He didn 't have to worry , but I imagined he thought I wouldn 't try to get away if the Bronco was moving .
tr	O	他们时间不多了，并且我也快没力气了。
tr	I	It made her seem fragile , yet it infuriated me .
tr	O	王子脑海深处的一个声音告诉他不要进去……但是他忽略了它。
tr	O	有东西重重地打在她的肩膀上，并且她向前摔倒，狼狈地趴在杂乱的地板上。
tr	I	He picks up on the first ring , and I put a quick call into Jones .
tr	O	旁边有一家便利店，并且街上有一家杂货店。
tr	O	微风寒冷，并且气氛欢乐。
tr	I	I offered to take her , and mom had an appointment at the clinic .
tr	O	它们像冰一样，但是我还是吻了他。
tr	O	他又开始抱我，但是我摇了摇头。
tr	O	我无疑是打扰了，并且罪恶感让我变得谨慎，尽管没有其他人在场。
tr	I	Then she 'd be trapped , but looked like the bathroom might be the closest door .
tr	I	She didn 't care who knew it , and she was , after all , head over heels in love with him .
tr	I	Abraham caught her before she fell to the ground , and her armor rattled as her head bobbed .
tr	I	It wasn 't Friend , but Renton feared the worst .
tr	O	我努力想要恢复过来，但是我的胸口仍然很紧。
tr	I	It was completely blocked by snow , but there was .
tr	I	They both started to laugh and Matt looked over at Derek .
tr	I	There had been no attack from the Germans , which set my teeth on edge and about ten minutes had past .
tr	I	I kept my eyes shut , hoping she 'd go away , but she whispered my name .
tr	O	我在她身后呼唤，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	Then the line goes silent , and there 's a rustling on the other end .
tr	O	我眯起眼睛看着他，但是他的淘气笑容很有感染力。
tr	I	I 'm full of doubts but I wish I could be positive about my decision .
tr	O	特伦顿立刻停了下来，气喘吁吁，并且克莱迅速退回到他那辆闪亮的黑色卡车旁。
tr	I	I went with his rhythm , and his thumb rubbed my clit .
tr	O	他们不捕食人类，并且他们不与外来者交配。
tr	I	We could do it , but it tired us both out .
tr	I	He smiled , crossing his arms and he were at the mouth of the cave .
tr	I	She looked even worse than she did the previous eve and she never said a word to anyone .
tr	O	她就是她自己，并且那便是最重要的。
tr	I	The engine makes these clinking noises and the radio plays peacefully in the background .
tr	O	她的眼睛闪着泪光，并且她深吸了一口气。
tr	O	他的舌头安抚着那个地方，激发出她的愉悦，但是然后，突然间，他不见了。
tr	I	The runes of my staff began to burn with Hellfire again , but I don 't remember consciously doing it .
tr	O	她翻了个白眼，并且我笑了。
tr	O	他又啜饮了一口酒，并且他的目光越过酒杯边缘，向她闪着光。
tr	I	On the other hand , there was really no harm in talking about it either , but she really didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	O	他想要她，但是那不是一回事。
tr	O	她能感觉到他的目光在她身上，并且她不想与他对视。
tr	O	男爵无法反驳她的逻辑，不是真的，但是他也觉得他察觉到一丝幸灾乐祸爬进她的语调。
tr	O	焦点头了，并且霍拉西奥离开了舰桥。
tr	O	船长将手指从左手掌张开，并且小队其他成员封锁了工作室区域。
tr	I	I haven 't been sleeping well , and it has been a rough week .
tr	I	She supposed she could do more sight seeing , but she had no idea what to do with herself .
tr	O	我猜酒吧里有另一个混蛋，并且这个经销商名声不太好。
tr	O	牛仔是最后一个排队的，并且当珀尔对他微笑时，我以为他会朝她吐口水。
tr	I	Its familiarity continued to resonate in Randi 's mind , but the voice said nothing .
tr	I	Cale just kept shifting it out of her reach , but she had been grabbing at the coat as she spoke .
tr	I	They always have their own agenda , which nobody except you can break in on , but they 'll be nice enough .
tr	O	是的，会很疼，但是我抓着你的胳膊。
tr	I	The inner lid was a dark purple and her brow was highlighted with shimmering white .
tr	O	她意识到这无论如何对一个人来说都太多了，但是她认为她可以把剩菜留到第二天午餐吃。
tr	O	他的手下拦截了几名步兵侦察兵，而且这意味着还有几十人没有被抓到。
tr	I	The sour stench was nearly unbearable , but brontes didn 't want to waste too much power cleansing the air of the odor .
tr	I	The water in the glass was frozen solid , and there were ice crystals on his food .
tr	I	She let me go and I patted her back .
tr	I	Time is renowned for keeping all the juicy gossip to itself , but only time could tell how the group would gel .
tr	I	I could breathe a sigh of relief and it was enough to tide me over until two .
tr	O	波西看起来很困惑，并且我感觉很糟糕。
tr	I	Eleanor sensed that Beth 's anxiousness was more for Hart than for her absent husband , and she looked worriedly at Hart .
tr	I	The cops had all gathered around suite 706 , and they were on the top floor of the hotel .
tr	O	我想大喊，但是我却只能摇头。
tr	I	Government officials were robbed and Peasants were struck down in the streets .
tr	O	恐惧像波浪一样从她身上散发出来，并且我舔了舔嘴唇。
tr	I	He once again disappeared and I handed him mine .
tr	O	实际上，她被困住了，并且她知道这一点。
tr	I	He was nowhere near convinced they 'd meet the deadline but Jason knew she was determined to finish in time .
tr	I	She still got on well with her aunt , and her uncle wasn 't such a bad sort .
tr	I	She couldn 't help the smile pulling up the corners of her mouth , but Tequila kept quiet .
tr	O	他结实的身躯就在她面前，仿佛从土里冒出来一样，并且她径直撞进了他怀里。
tr	I	She shrieked even louder as her flesh burned , and they hit the witch square in the chest .
tr	O	我感觉她希望雷恩安慰她，告诉她我们是安全的，并且她可以放松下来。
tr	O	他想报警，但是有什么东西阻止了他。
tr	I	I wasn 't in the mood , but I knew she was only teasing .
tr	O	我对他皱眉，并且他向卧室点点头。
tr	I	Soft flannel brushed my bare legs , and his knee rose under the covers .
tr	O	编辑对他旁敲侧击，并且他震惊于销售主管已明确将忠诚转向他的竞争对手。
tr	O	我告诉你我多么想让他受更多苦，并且是你安慰了我。
tr	I	I know you know that , but I 'm doing my best to wrap this case up .
tr	O	她把他的手放在她的腰上，并且伊芙注意到托尼上前一步——好像他要分开他们。
tr	I	A scream of pain tore from her , and Never before had something like this happened .
tr	O	她的名声多年来一直在增长，并且到现在，他会知道有一个纯血女性变形者正在扰乱他的计划。
tr	O	我听到一阵尖锐的噼啪声，并且当我睁开眼睛时，碎片被固定住了。
tr	O	海雯向前走去，但是多默把她拉了回来。
tr	O	苏珊娜撕开它，并且他们俩都读了起来。
tr	O	较小的爆炸尾随在我们身后，但是它们没有碰到船。
tr	I	My face must 've shown it , because Cole pressed , and a memory instantly popped into my mind .
tr	O	泪水开始顺着这位年长女性的脸颊流下，并且她心不在焉地拂去了它们。
tr	O	我没有回答，并且他又沉默了。
tr	O	泰伊微笑着，但是笑容没有到达他的眼底。
tr	O	这没有多大意义，但是他不在乎。
tr	O	他把手放下来，并且我注意到他的指甲都涂成了黑色。
tr	I	I came up empty , but taking a deep breath , I tried to remember the last time I 'd felt this way after sex .
tr	I	Now , it looked like she 'd just left him to face his nightmare without her , but she 'd just wanted to protect him .
tr	I	The blackouts continued , but Benson did this .
tr	O	她不想知道，但是她希望它消失。
tr	O	蒂根把她的补给递给我，并且我悄悄地走到法德靠墙坐着的地方。
tr	I	I imagined this was the sensation an amputee might endure when first walking on a prosthetic appendage , and I could feel nothing below the knees .
tr	I	It 's really important and I need to talk to you about something .
tr	I	The doors slid open , and a soft ding sounded .
tr	O	光线划过地面，并且我听到了激烈的说话声。
tr	I	I thought he was just nuts and he 's been telling us all along about a boat .
tr	I	I constantly wonder if my shoes really match my outfit , but the other makes my face look great .
tr	O	莫顿本可以尝试利用这个优势，但是他改变了策略，试图扰乱埃德温。
tr	O	他在最糟糕的地方，并且我止不住地想他。
tr	I	I was being consumed but I gave back the best I could .
tr	O	她透过她的睫毛看着我，并且那是我见过最性感的事情之一。
tr	I	What I 'd done ... and I still hated myself .
tr	O	我们滑过它，并且我发现它比看起来更大；宽得足以让一个人通过。
tr	O	他像盾牌一样用防水布裹住自己，并且随后，伴随着一声低沉的吼叫，他冲了过去。
tr	O	我看着瑞安，并且他仍然很正常。
tr	I	I knew I had to be careful , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	学生们嘲笑我，而且我确定我不仅仅是多疑。
tr	I	He could do no wrong in her eyes and her mother loved the boy .
tr	I	After dinner , Charlie got an idea but there was just no cheering Amy up .
tr	I	She wasn 't as unaffected as she wanted to appear , but she sat perfectly still as he slid that strap up .
tr	O	薄雾看起来像是在猛击着桥，而且桥开始摇晃。
tr	I	He didn 't seem to care and she didn 't respond .
tr	I	I didn 't think I would have anyway , but I didn 't have time to move away .
tr	I	I went to the floor and my knees buckled .
tr	O	麦琪吹响了她的哨子，并且团队的其他人坐了起来。
tr	I	Yet it wasn 't , and it was all too much .
tr	I	This simple comforting embrace is a balm for my battered soul , but there 's no question of things going any further between us now .
tr	O	他们挥舞他们的手臂，并且大部分分队被抛向空中。
tr	I	Mark floored the accelerator and it dove into it .
tr	I	We both followed , and Jeff swallowed the remaining inch of his orange juice , then put the empty tumbler back on the table .
tr	I	The evil spirit inside her makes her want to control people , and she told me that she 's infected with an evil spirit .
tr	I	He jerked his eyes open , and something brushed Cameron 's thigh .
tr	I	Nick went quiet , waiting and she put up one hand .
tr	I	That was strange , and he 'd almost forgotten about Mike .
tr	O	另一个男人，我猜是本特利，去抓她，并且她也让他感到困惑。
tr	O	窗户需要关上，并且百叶窗需要从里面闩上。
tr	I	She nodded to me and I went in .
tr	I	The one in the front had a large sword drawn and many of them were holding bows .
tr	O	我已经感到相当偏颇，但是现在我知道珍是个婊子。
tr	O	我要一杯茶，谢谢，并且来个三明治也不错。
tr	O	詹姆斯的指尖滑下再次握住我的手，并且他点头，仿佛在请求我信任他。
tr	I	I plan to drive Emily to her graduation in a 1998 Toyota Corolla , and I purchased my very first car this morning .
tr	O	她的语气让我抬起头，并且有什么东西在我们之间发生了。
tr	O	在这个新宇宙中只有约拿存在，然而弗朗西斯卡觉得一切终于都各就各位了。
tr	I	Together like two frightened lambs they crept down the alley to the big garbage bin , and he tightened his grip on Shorty 's shoulder .
tr	I	He figured it was no harm to follow him when Raphael moved , but he didn 't know what Raphael was casting an eyeball at .
tr	I	This might raise her spirits , but Camille was looking a bit disenchanted .
tr	O	我几乎是把她追进了这个男人的怀抱，但是他没有什么可以给她的。
tr	O	我好多年没碰它了，并且我也不打算现在开始。
tr	I	His arm is warm and the breeze is chilly .
tr	O	我感到那股暖意流过我的喉咙并扩散到我的全身。
tr	O	最微弱的平静渗入我的血管，并且我慢慢地将其吹向天空。
tr	O	我告诉他我无法解释，但是我知道嫁给我会使他的生命处于危险之中。
tr	O	珍妮尔想象着告诉父亲关于那个女人的事，但是每次她这么做的时候，她都觉得好像有什么东西不对劲。
tr	I	It settled right down , and the busboy reached up to soothe the monkey .
tr	O	奥利维亚看到了杰克和贝弗利脸上的困惑。
tr	I	Now they have escaped our trap , but Parliament 's little rebellion had seemed sure to fall !
tr	O	一道阴影掠过他的眼睛，但是它转瞬即逝。
tr	I	I was eager to cool off , and it felt like a thousand degrees .
tr	O	她的心几乎停止了跳动，并且血色从她的脸上褪去。
tr	O	安德鲁从不知道那张字条，而且我也不打算告诉他。
tr	O	他走向门，但是他刚一碰到门，门就在他面前锁上了。
tr	I	He set down the bottle just as he was about to take another swig and Travis 's eyes narrowed .
tr	I	A quilt fair , and we have a big rodeo .
tr	I	We are hopeful it will happen anytime now , but it 's only been a couple of months .
tr	I	I 'm here now and all that matters is we 're here now .
tr	O	你哥哥在你们客厅中央取走了我的血，而且没有任何发生过这件事的痕迹。
tr	I	He still could barely see , but the air had brightened slightly .
tr	I	I realized why vampires hated animal blood and it tasted unbearably sour .
tr	O	你可能不知道这一点，但是我也有双相情感障碍。
tr	O	他不希望她在他家人身边，并且他保护他们免受她的伤害是对的。
tr	O	一个人意识中有无限的细微之处，人们可以解读它们，并且这就像从一个人的意识之地中挖掘它们一样。
tr	O	我们给了她两块巧克力饼干，并且另一个双胞胎立刻跑了过来。
tr	O	她想为允许这事发生而请求他的原谅，但是希亚之光已经将自己置于瑞雯之上。
tr	O	阿什利靠回座位，并且兰斯前倾，脸上带着愤怒的愁容。
tr	O	丹尼尔·麦肯齐冲进房间，麦克纳布和名叫鲁比的猎犬紧随其后。
tr	O	我不可能告诉他杰克和我已经一起上过三垒了。
tr	O	他们立刻问起屋里的人狼袭击事件，带着同样的老问题，并且鲁本给了他们同样的老答案。
tr	I	They had sapped him of much-needed strength , but the bullets alone might not kill him .
tr	O	我希望我们能同时达到高潮，并且我拼命地忍住我的高潮。
tr	I	She 'd probably win the lottery , and yeah .
tr	I	There 's a feeling that comes when two halves of a girl 's world collide , but Macey opened her mouth , started to speak .
tr	I	Priests don 't make very good rulers , and it 'd put the priests in command of the nation .
tr	I	He wants to check on the status , and the plant had some problems last night .
tr	O	那个放松的时刻过后，一股能量涌了上来，并且我感觉自己像是在向上、向上、向上飞向星星。
tr	O	警示灯闪烁着，并且警报器鸣响了。
tr	I	The hallway light was back on , and later that night I woke again .
tr	O	她把我的头发从额头上往后拨，并且她的触碰是温暖的。
tr	O	艾娃落在我们后面，并且我不怪她。
tr	O	很痛，但是我理解。
tr	I	He decided he 'd find out later , and it must have meant something to her .
tr	I	I was probably even happier than they were , but I shouldn 't admit it .
tr	I	My heart was breaking and he was crying now .
tr	O	她的手放在他的胸口，并且他没有推开它。
tr	O	这些硬币将在几小时内全部消失，并且他有责任确保它们存在的一些证据能保留下来。
tr	O	看起来他正在扫描墙壁，但是他为什么要那样做呢？
tr	I	He shut off the bike , and we turned into the parking lot .
tr	I	I didn 't deserve her bullshit but Maybe Ada really did care about Hunter 's well-being .
tr	I	Her body felt heavy , throbbed for release and her breasts ached .
tr	I	Fate has interwoven their paths too many times for her to dismiss the notion as coincidence any longer , but it has always been an impossible love .
tr	O	他离得太远了，但是即使是想象中的气味也足以勾起一段深埋的记忆。
tr	O	她感觉自己没有在愈合，但是也许失血只是让她虚弱了。
tr	O	他的声音几乎是咆哮，而且他已经站了起来。
tr	I	I can only let my mind race thinking about what she means and my heart drops into my knees .
tr	O	他试图将它归咎于他体内的恶魔，但是他知道那个人也在想同样的事情。
tr	I	She turned her head , presenting her cheek , but outside , Nick leaned in to kiss Ginny .
tr	O	我对她笑了，而且她也回以微笑。
tr	O	这条小径看起来维护得很好，但是它很安静。
tr	O	她设置了一个信息源来捕捉所有关于它的新闻，而且我们都曾发现她偷偷地查看它。
tr	I	Then their gazes darted briefly toward Julian , and everyone stared at her in stunned silence .
tr	I	She really loved seeing him , but it was lame of her .
tr	O	我意识到我屏住了呼吸，并且当我呼出它时，我看到它不再因霜而发白了。
tr	O	野性在他体内滋长，涌过他全身，并且他欢迎它。
tr	O	提姆·梅森终究还是发表了悼词，但是莎拉对仪式几乎没听进去什么。
tr	I	Selena looked at her companion with relief , and Mother nodded .
tr	I	I knew the answer to his question , but he always made me feel breathless .
tr	O	一些岩石正在发红光，并且其他的则融化成了熔岩池。
tr	O	她终于闭上了眼睛，并且艾薇松了一口气，因为她妈妈要睡觉了。
tr	I	Raoul barely managed to keep himself silent , and Faust cried aloud .
tr	I	Jenny turned and Dee pointed .
tr	O	困惑的表情掠过他们两人的脸，但是我并没有真正注意他们。
tr	O	他停顿了一下，看着我的眼睛，并且随后开始向前移动。
tr	I	Then his eyes narrowed as he turned back to Edward , and Charlie swallowed loudly .
tr	O	泪水夺眶欲出，并且我想转身离开他，因为我不想让他看到他对我的影响。
tr	O	其他人同意了，并且她继续阅读。
tr	I	He moved with a stiffness showing the increasing pain he felt and his skin had a reddish hue .
tr	O	我知道这是他所需要的，而且他深情的吻，牵动着我的下腹肌，证明我是对的。
tr	O	丹尼困惑地对我眨了眨眼，而且他的表情看起来有点失望。
tr	O	我确信我可以甩掉跟踪者，而且他无法抗拒地会跟上来。
tr	I	His eyes looked delighted and he had scruffy hair .
tr	O	瑞秋讨厌那个表情，然而她父亲却一直使用它。
tr	I	Leathery pincers became one indistinguishable mass , and fangs , furred paws , mandibles .
tr	I	He couldn 't let her go and Chase had been crushed .
tr	O	他们现在已经清理了几乎所有的草皮，而且有些男孩已经开始清理下面的泥土了。
tr	O	那是一个泥沼般的殖民地，而且哈特利投入了大量创造性的努力来摆脱它。
tr	I	She was careful not to outshine the other women present , but Isabella 's dark blue satin ball gown was elegance itself .
tr	O	我旁边有一个野餐篮，而且其他人则散落在草地上享受着。
tr	I	I lean against his palm , embracing his touch , and he cups my cheek .
tr	O	我本来越来越好，但是我又回到了老习惯。
tr	O	她喜欢他看着她时，他那魔性的声音变得沙哑，而且他的眼睛从冰冷变得炽热。
tr	O	一串航天飞机碎片散落在我们之间的地面上，并且我们周围的“重启者”们正在大笑，兴奋地交谈着。
tr	O	他转身确保我父亲已经走了，然后，正如预料的那样，他伸手去拿它。
tr	O	他对自己的工作并不羞涩，但是他的说法是他只是个小角色。
tr	O	他想做什么就做什么，想什么时候做就什么时候做，并且我却只是在一旁坐着。
tr	I	I resisted the urge to cover my own ears to block out the horrible sound and her shrill shrieks filled the air .
tr	I	Within two minutes he was asleep , and at the first touch she felt him begin to relax .
tr	I	He 'd raised the corpses in the morgue , and over the years he 'd learned to control his ability to raise the dead .
tr	O	离得太远了，看不见，并且如果当时有烟，在夜色中我们也看不见。
tr	I	I woke up and well the dream was scary .
tr	O	发生的事情很激烈，但是这部分是我的错。
tr	O	森林看起来似乎没有尽头，但是它们很快就会结束。
tr	O	从各方面来说，这都是一个难忘的日子，但是接下来的几周里还有更多。
tr	I	Allan nodded , and Sandy pressed .
tr	I	He needed somewhere quiet to think , but Amy would be wondering what he was doing home so early in the day .
tr	I	He must have read the pain in her eyes , but she didn 't say anything .
tr	I	Being home had revived me a little , but I was tired before we 'd arrived .
tr	O	几分钟过去了，而且我注意到布里奇不见了。
tr	I	Somehow she believed James , but her memory of the last few hours was foggy .
tr	O	他前一周已经吃完了最后几个苹果，但是他喜欢那棵苹果树作为一个思考的地方。
tr	I	Laughter came from the living room , and every single light was on downstairs .
tr	O	她移到了一边，并且他可以看到她正靠着一扇关着的门。
tr	I	When I thought everyone was ready , we began backing out the way we 'd come , and I wrapped Tony 's hand .
tr	I	Nothing changed , but it should exist a way to solve this problem .
tr	O	一家三口跑过街道，包包晃动着，并且我又看了一眼。
tr	O	在那里寻求庇护是她的主意，并且她和鲍姆院长也很亲近。
tr	O	她对我皱眉，并且我叹了口气，一边绕过她去擦掉血迹。
tr	I	She took the brunt of the consequences and he had asked her to do this .
tr	I	You know it and because I was here the night Walter was murdered .
tr	I	Iona kept up her glare , but he felt her fear reaction .
tr	O	查尔斯看着我，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	O	天太黑了，她只能看到他模糊的轮廓，但是她发誓她能感觉到他的笑容。
tr	O	他的笑容加深了，该死的他，并且她跺了跺脚。
tr	O	上校的身体颤抖了，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	I	They gave each other sympathetic looks , and he passed a couple of men trailing their wives .
tr	O	看，请随意，让我拿你的外套，并且我给你调一杯好喝的饮料，你最喜欢的。
tr	I	It was leather , and it was black .
tr	O	这是他们唯一能上去的地方，并且他们还得再爬上去。
tr	O	天快黑了，并且气温开始下降。
tr	I	The traffic was heavy and the weather was hot .
tr	O	萨布拉去睡觉了，但是其他人到备用房间集合了。
tr	I	His shoulders drooped and his brow furrowed .
tr	I	As long as she was touching him , he felt a semblance of control and the unrelenting hunger lessened .
tr	O	她属于我，并且我属于她。
tr	I	I saw the most bizarre thing I had ever seen and I looked up from the flattened door .
tr	O	他的眼神恳求着她，然而他的脸因痛苦而绷紧。
tr	O	我把窗户弄模糊得如此之快，以至于它都摇晃了，并且她打开窗户把头探了出去。
tr	I	I realized it was Lord Soren breathing , and something gurgled , whistling .
tr	O	他们甚至有遥控器，但是她不打算说出来。
tr	I	I fought to face Selene , but his arm pulled me back .
tr	O	我不确定他们打算对他做什么，但是我没有问。
tr	I	The two dogs kept fighting and the ax didn 't work .
tr	O	克拉拉对我笑了笑，并且我点头表示同意。
tr	O	这本该让他们很容易被讨厌，但是他们都那么好。
tr	O	芬恩的绿眼睛眯了起来，并且他缓慢、小心、安静地从头到脚检查了尸体。
tr	I	What sounded like footsteps , and more rustling came .
tr	I	Although Juni escaped , they killed her conspirators , and he turned the tables on their foes .
tr	O	霍华德打算实施报复，但是这些新信息需要耐心。
tr	I	He 'll see for himself and you can bring him through .
tr	O	他出门的第一天大雾弥漫，并且诺亚只能看到几步远，所以他走得很慢，很虔诚。
tr	I	He refused to make eye contact , but this Raoul guy glanced at me .
tr	O	掌舵的水手疯狂地转动舵柄，并且船转向了岩石。
tr	O	汉娜感到希望在她心中沉沦，并且这比根本没有希望更痛苦。
tr	O	他示意我坐在草地上，但是我拒绝了，双手抱臂站着。
tr	O	他向她描述了他的童年，但是她亲眼看到时情况更糟。
tr	O	澳大利亚日是一个全国性的庆祝活动，但是这一天不乏批评者。
tr	O	她当然不会介意，但是看到他在其他男人面前对她表现出占有欲也令人兴奋。
tr	I	I tried to catch my breath , and tears sprang up in my eyes .
tr	O	另一个女人点点头，并且我感觉像要过度换气。
tr	I	This was never part of the equation , but I 'd swore to never change him .
tr	I	I hope you 'll see these two differently but I know you don 't really love dolls .
tr	I	We will be one together , and while it is one , I will be one .
tr	O	有些事情让她崩溃了，并且他想知道是什么。
tr	O	当我放下引擎盖时，它砰的一声关上了，并且我透过挡风玻璃看。
tr	O	我错过了生活很久了，而且现在我正在学习生活是关于牺牲的。
tr	I	I 'd never forget it , but he 'd probably never know the difference .
tr	O	我转身想问他怎么了，但是门又飞开了。
tr	O	他的唇带着情人的熟稔在她唇上移动，并且她在最终抽离前将一切都回报给了他。
tr	O	明天还没有足够多的时间，并且他有太多事情要做。
tr	I	She was too tired to probe but Hannah knew something was up .
tr	O	我吃是因为我不开心，并且我不开心是因为我吃。
tr	O	我不至于冻死，但是冰冷的水确实冲走了我脑海中残留的任何迷雾。
tr	O	他挤完奶后匆匆赶来，但是大门已经关上了。
tr	O	艾弗里会留下，但是我更乐意亲自守护你。
tr	O	她背对着瑞秋，但是即使如此，瑞秋也能毫不费力地猜到她负责这次行动。
tr	O	她的丈夫西蒙的脸因克制而几乎紧绷，并且放在膝盖上的手紧握成拳。
tr	O	一种挥之不去的回头冲动在他们之间传递，但是“凝视”迫使他们继续前行。
tr	O	也许这很冷酷，但是我对他姐姐的孩子没有丝毫情感。
tr	O	伟大唐伸出手臂，并且她能够抓住他的手。
tr	O	他来这里是为了收集能让她入狱的证据，并且他不能让欲望使他忽视这一点。
tr	I	It was a joy to be working with them again and I had not seen them since Annie Get Your Gun .
tr	I	I realized what I really owed those other children , and I grew to love you over the years .
tr	I	She 'd rather be spending her time painting than lurking on the net , and Internet was spotty at best here .
tr	O	他低沉的耳语在她耳边嗡嗡作响，并且她因他话语唤起的画面而颤抖。
tr	I	I resisted the urge to wipe my cheeks and Spit flew into my face as he talked .
tr	I	He 's standing in his driveway and I turn back toward him .
tr	O	最终约翰说，“我不知道为什么，但是这并没有让我感到多么惊讶。”
tr	O	她正在崩溃，并且这不像她的风格。
tr	I	Rory was such a potent force , but he tried to get a grip .
tr	I	I panicked and every freaking vampire movie I had ever watched came crashing into my mind .
tr	O	他在后面占了他常坐的雅座，并且迈克手持一杯吉尼斯啤酒走了过来。
tr	I	I might not be going back , and now I 'm out .
tr	O	我们真的不需要偷偷摸摸地走动，但是一群吸血鬼因为未知的原因追着我让我变得多疑。
tr	O	旁边有一个小农舍，并且那就是艾比带我过去的地方。
tr	O	杰克不太记得她的名字了，但是毫无疑问他迟早会想起来的。
tr	O	一分钟后她停了下来，并且约瑟夫继续。
tr	I	A large piece of his face left his head and I shot him again .
tr	O	她也不是我们国家的人，并且她期待有一个美国儿媳。
tr	I	His fantasy was keeping them apart , but he obviously wanted her .
tr	O	在那里会很艰难，当然，但是不会有这种相同的景象。
tr	I	His vision was blurry but he opened his eyes .
tr	O	埃莉诺一直安静地待在家里，并且就这样了。
tr	O	我想她被感动了，但是我再也无法分辨了。
tr	I	I already knew that the man was gone and I had sat with Mr. Heston 's cold , lifeless hand in mine for almost a full day .
tr	O	索耶捏了捏我的手，但是我没有回头看她。
tr	O	过了一段时间她突然想到加百列没有使用他的水元素，并且她知道他肯定没有找到它的能量。
tr	O	楼层布局很开阔，并且我趁机往里看了一眼。
tr	O	突然我的手被杰克抓住了，并且我的目光又回到了他的脸上，他用拇指摩挲着我的指关节。
tr	I	Alex sweeps it to the side and the wind tangles my brown hair .
tr	I	Attached to the back of the cup was an envelope , but he held it out .
tr	I	She 'd tried , but there hadn 't been any time to run .
tr	O	我在纸纤维里没看到任何有趣的东西，但是我也不是一个厉害的侦探。
tr	O	我这辈子都会是妓女，并且那就是结局了。
tr	I	I tried my hardest to keep my mouth shut , and Justin chimed in .
tr	I	She didn 't bother trying to move , and Sierra heard the hotel room door shut .
tr	I	Julian was trying to bring back something that may never be what Cassie had always been to him and now she was gone .
tr	O	他的手伸向我的头发，并且他扯掉了我的发圈。
tr	O	她可能在阴暗中摇晃，但是她没有一丝会摔倒的可能。
tr	O	几分钟前她的脸气得通红，但是现在潮红消退了。
tr	I	Chloe looked contrite and the man left a moment later .
tr	I	She looked away and her face heated .
tr	O	他曾见过两人温柔的一面，但是他现在相信他们正在显露真面目。
tr	O	他仍然站着，但是有什么不对劲。
tr	I	She knew it would rip her apart , but if he wanted to talk , she 'd listen .
tr	I	The space around me shrank until there was only Asher , and the tension between us crackled like the air before a thunderstorm .
tr	I	De Roy was still hesitant , but the Council members agreed with him .
tr	I	I can 't talk to them because I 'm not sure if they 're still themselves , and everyone I have no longer talks to me .
tr	I	It steals what little strength I have left , but covering the body takes no time at all .
tr	I	He should not attempt the use of any flattery and he had already assessed that this man must be similar to the General .
tr	I	I lost my balance , tumbling to the floor and a stinging slap struck the side of my face .
tr	O	他尝起来很美味，但是他看起来更棒。
tr	I	The antiques were sold for over half a million dollars , and as expected , there was a bidding war .
tr	O	我希望我们能推迟这件事，但是由于你母亲的伤势，时间紧迫。
tr	O	他终于跳上了擂台，并且他也选择了豹纹。
tr	O	流下我脸庞的泪水感觉很勉强，并且我从未如此高兴能结束一场戏。
tr	O	她停顿了一下，并且加勒特看向他的啤酒。
tr	I	Singing alone was just as uplifting , but it was a shame there wasn 't a harpsichord for her to play .
tr	I	For a moment she thought she saw a silent plea for help in them , and he looked at Zoey .
tr	O	他摇了摇头说：“不。”
tr	I	He caught hold of her waist , but growling , she tried to pull away from him .
tr	O	有很多我不能告诉他的事，但是我明白他会想知道我离开的这段时间。
tr	O	离放学只剩几周了，并且夏季工作时间就会开始实行。
tr	I	I dash forward to catch them and the lift doors start to close .
tr	O	他不想要她，而且她也不想要他。
tr	I	He could also be forgetful , but Phillip was a good worker .
tr	I	I believed everything he said , and I was young , gullible .
tr	O	他们自从珀尔塞福涅去世后就没怎么说过话，但是他们的羁绊仍在，在悲伤的永恒烈火中变得更加坚固。
tr	O	我很高兴她做到了，但是自从她离开后，就好像我呼吸的空气中缺少了氧气。
tr	O	他的下巴绷紧了，但是他没有再说任何话。
tr	I	The Queen wanted to be alone but it was a lie of course .
tr	I	I was good at killing , but I was bad at fighting .
tr	I	She felt his hardness against her thigh , and his muscled legs moved against hers .
tr	O	最后，她尝试了老办法，但是一切都徒劳无功。
tr	O	大部分德国战俘已在夏末前获释，但是仍有数百人留下，与流离失所者分开，被关押在一个有警卫的大院里。
tr	O	贾艾等着，以为门会再次打开，但是一旦足够的时间过去了，她便穿过了车道。
tr	O	我做到了，但是那不是我现在微笑的原因。
tr	I	I could hear the glass cracking and the metal crumpled around me .
tr	O	Dorothy Fields 会写歌词，并且 Jerome Kern 同意谱曲。
tr	I	Right now , it was the safest thing , but going home was the last thing she wanted to do .
tr	I	It occurred to me to ask why we weren 't teleporting and we took a short drive into the far suburbs of Denver .
tr	O	我知道没有什么会比我们俩在一起更让你高兴了，但是他并没有像他应该做的那样为你着想。
tr	O	有那么多的人脉需要建立，而且这只是学习的第一天。
tr	O	老保罗可能比夏延矮四英寸，但是他的个性让他看起来有二十英尺高。
tr	I	She wasn 't exactly abnormal enough either , but she wasn 't exactly normal .
tr	I	Maybe now they could move on , but they 'd both made mistakes .
tr	O	钱斯问了她一些事情，并且她瞟了他一眼以作回答。
tr	O	他用脚趾戳了一下，但是它一动不动。
tr	I	Agnes prevented her escape by standing in her way , but she made a move to leave .
tr	O	司机把车开到与我平行，猛地一打方向盘，并且SUV的侧面挡在了我的面前。
tr	O	它是一个六角星，并且每个角里面都有一个字母。
tr	O	我挣脱了我们的拥抱，并且我强迫他与我对视。
tr	I	None have been born since and they are the youngest Undine .
tr	O	这没多少，但是这是我名下的每一分钱。
tr	O	自从我们住在一起后，杰克逊已经变得随和多了，但是我仍然惊讶于他可能有多么专横。
tr	I	It was short-lived , but Zoe smiled at this playful victory .
tr	I	His jaw was set and both his hands were in his lap .
tr	I	He couldn 't wait forever , but Neil gave him another second .
tr	I	I cannot protect you and he is coming .
tr	I	A ' dead ' sheep was resurrected , and rocks started to bleed .
tr	I	My palms went sweaty and my heart started to pound .
tr	O	一颗子弹击中了雷耶斯的肩膀，并且他嘲笑那美妙的刺痛。
tr	O	我已经告诉吉尔这次会议会影响任何建模决定，但是有更糟糕的事情处于危险之中。
tr	O	她可能足够警觉以撤退，但是她肯定不会退缩。
tr	O	天气没有再恶化，并且他们继续保持良好速度，即使在他们转到一条州际公路后。
tr	O	这个爱称温暖了我的心，并且我感到更有勇气向前迈进。
tr	O	我根本什么都做不了，并且这种挫败感让我几乎抓狂。
tr	O	我们住在同一栋公寓楼里，并且我认识汉娜好几年了。
tr	I	Gray made his way back to Suzy 's room , and Nick left to get checked into a hotel .
tr	O	当笼子撞到地面时，她的全身都猛地一震，并且她的头痛苦地撞到了铁丝上。
tr	I	I let him whisk me off , and each day , I hop onto Trent 's bike , wrap my arms around his chest .
tr	O	那是一种理论，但是经过昨天的流血事件后，它变得很有道理。
tr	O	堤坝决堤了，并且她现在尖叫起来，抽泣声从她体内涌出。
tr	O	我也以为他那样做了，但是我对他来说不过是一个任务。
tr	O	我在纽约市，并且我将要去设计服装了！
tr	I	That 's final and we 're skipping .
tr	O	麦克达菲滑向窗边，并且雅培坐在他旁边。
tr	O	他的手指慢慢地环住了我的裸露手臂，并且我不自觉地靠向了他。
tr	O	我翻到了下一页，但是页面是空白的。
tr	O	她是一名侍女，在社区眼中地位低于他，但是她有着女王的精神。
tr	I	I drew strength from the simple gesture and Aiden placed his hand on my back .
tr	I	That someone was hitting it with something , and he said it was damaged .
tr	O	迈卡到了，并且我一见到他就扑到他怀里哭了起来。
tr	O	那只是把东西切成小方块，而且沙恩已经在做了。
tr	I	I pet him a few times and he licked my hand .
tr	O	没什么可说的，但是我还是说了一些。
tr	I	He trusted it , but he wasn 't sure where it came from .
tr	I	Nemo faltered and Francis moaned luxuriously .
tr	I	It was too late , but he was strongly tempted to cancel the rendezvous .
tr	O	重要的是真相终于大白了，并且卢卡斯会没事的。
tr	I	The tips had almost reached the ground and the spikes had completely crushed the throne .
tr	O	我会解开手铐，但是我把枪对着凯特。
tr	I	The man still looked very out of place in such a situation , and his glasses had clearly been broken several times .
tr	O	寒冷不适合你，然而你留下，你留下，你留下。
tr	O	道路弯曲了，并且然后它猛地向左蜿蜒。
tr	O	很明显他想说话，但是有什么东西阻碍着他。
tr	O	我也用我的护盾屏蔽了他的感官，而且他没有察觉到黎明如此之近。
tr	O	他朝它的方向打了个响指，并且一声尖叫划破了空气。
tr	I	It would have been a fantastic scandal , but not that Mr. Reese had had far to fall .
tr	I	Then she had been after Derek 's accident , too , but she was surprisingly calm .
tr	O	门开了，并且我驾车驶入。
tr	O	突然那个男人的眼睛瞪大了，并且他显得比以往任何时候都更焦虑。
tr	O	附近的诚实派女孩倒吸一口气，用一只手捂住嘴巴，但是齐克的无畏派朋友们爆发出一阵笑声。
tr	O	安德里亚保持沉默，但是她的心跳得如此剧烈，以至于她听到耳边有轰鸣声。
tr	O	天还早，但是我还是决定给他发条短信。
tr	O	我知道吉尔只隔着一道楼梯，但是阿德里安就难办多了。
tr	O	他们对我们的关系一无所知，而且他们的愚蠢假设让我抓狂。
tr	O	我发火了，并且他对着我那些显然让他困惑的话语，惊讶地眨了眨眼。
tr	O	她很美，并且我很软弱。
tr	O	格斯猛地冲过门道，并且他也摔倒在餐厅地板上。
tr	I	I let him hold me a minute , and tears stung my eyes .
tr	I	She didn 't comment but Gran frowned at the fact that Noelle had passed her something .
tr	O	这是因为他收容的能作战的人不足二十几名，而且其中一半以上的人还不到二十岁。
tr	I	On him it works , but he almost looks too casual for campus .
tr	O	我们先去商场看看，但是正如我所担心的，那些小小的裙子他妈的贵死了。
tr	I	Looking down at me , he clenched his jaw and I placed my hands over his arms this time .
tr	I	They were going to need it soon , and they needed that prototype .
tr	I	It sounded like a heartbeat , but she tried to listen to the steady rhythm of the rain .
tr	O	它们是流速很快的水流，并且我无法脱身。
tr	I	His heroic action was rewarded with death , and it was the most selfless thing anyone could ever do .
tr	I	It was quite breathtaking and she 'd researched his path to billionaire status .
tr	O	我担心我的皮屑会弄脏她的家具布艺，但是据我所见，手边没有任何塑料套。
tr	I	I cannot take such a chance with you , but I cannot exactly describe what you would feel .
tr	O	就在那时她听到门轻轻地开了，并且她转过身。
tr	O	他的脸很苍白，并且他看起来非常悲伤。
tr	I	It annoyed me to see her looking so happy at someone else , but I knew she was just happy that Vincent seemed to like her .
tr	I	The calls seemed like only abbreviations of the despair and for an hour I carried on calling until my voice was hoarse .
tr	I	He deliberately threw verbal gasoline at her , and Mitchell saw the banked emerald fires leaping dangerously into flames in her eyes .
tr	I	He curses me and something glass breaks .
tr	O	她大步穿过房间，但是就在她走到他身边时，他抬眼望向了她。
tr	O	在他开口之前她就在他怀里了，并且他不知道谁抱得更紧。
tr	I	She looked at him from underneath her lashes and her eyelids lowered .
tr	O	他突如其来的冷淡让她停了下来，并且莱瓦娜慢慢地后退了一步。
tr	I	The lights were on but the shades were closed .
tr	I	It makes me feel like an intruder and their friendship is a deep one .
tr	O	我爱他的眼睛，但是他不需要知道这一点。
tr	O	我们囤积的丰富让我面对饥饿者时感到羞愧，并且我希望把它藏得更远。
tr	I	His eyes adjusted to following the fainter glow a dozen yards ahead and Rob passed him .
tr	O	不管是什么让他那样吻她，他都无法想象，但是她对此的反应很奇怪。
tr	I	I know that won 't accomplish anything useful , but I want to attack her for outing me .
tr	I	Nikko 's hiding place would be discovered or eventually someone would talk .
tr	O	布莱奥尼敲了敲咒语巫师的帽子，并且他化作一团蓝色烟雾消失了。
tr	O	我想揍她，但是她先到了。
tr	O	科尔顿减速了，但是里斯继续跑。
tr	O	我一开始以为他只是在友好，但是不，我根本不这么认为。
tr	O	泰迪是独生子，并且他的母亲是寡妇。
tr	I	It might not have been , but it could 've been Jeff .
tr	I	The power was dizzying , but I stood my ground .
tr	O	在身体上，她即使在状态最佳时也很迟缓，但是她仍然从未见过有谁能像龙一样快。
tr	I	Karl lives here full-time , but many of the houses on the block are second homes to snowbirds who only occupy them a few months a year .
tr	I	The motorists seemed to have escaped in time but the government was not allowing anyone out of the quarantine area .
tr	I	Everything in his spirit urged him forward , but he didn 't know all that taking this step would mean .
tr	O	它们都混杂在一起，并且刺痛着我的鼻孔。
tr	I	He couldn 't tear his gaze from her , and his heart started to thunder within his chest .
tr	O	我从未听说过它，但是显然我没有听说过很多地方。
tr	O	伊莱要求道，随着最后一个消散的图像消失，并且他面对面地站在女孩面前。
tr	O	许多玛雅人死亡，并且他们的城市在战斗中被摧毁。
tr	O	她开始移动，但是我给了她一个眼神，恳求她理解正在发生什么。
tr	I	We forgot about Jesse completely and the tears overwhelmed us Jules .
tr	O	我不知道，但是这让那些低语的疑虑再次在我脑海中浮现。
tr	O	对别人来说这可能听起来很傻，但是乔伊的童年却缺乏那种正常的经历。
tr	I	He did not let her but she tried to move away .
tr	I	Supper was a quiet affair , and they went below after that .
tr	I	He sank his teeth gently into that hand , and Felix , on his knees , had Phil 's right hand in his great hairy paws .
tr	O	她原以为所有人都在那里，但是当她打开乐街那所房子前门时，里面一片寂静。
tr	I	I saw it and I was there .
tr	O	他听到了手枪的轰鸣声，并且接着鲜血顺着格雷厄姆的侧身热乎乎地流下，浸湿了他的衬衫。
tr	I	No training could give back what had been taken but his training allowed him to shut out the pain .
tr	O	彻底绝望的记忆涌上她的心头，但是她把它们推开了。
tr	O	我希望我能有某种咒语来帮忙，但是龙的魔法对它能做什么有着惊人的明确限制。
tr	O	在我意识到之前，我已泣不成声，并且我蜷缩成一团倒在地板上。
tr	I	They had a flaw , but his words had seemed to make sense sometimes .
tr	O	我以为如果他跟她说话，她可能会醒过来，并且这奏效了。
tr	I	She shook her head , but I reached out a hand to snatch it up again .
tr	O	只有当我在这里待了很久之后她才会开口说话，并且接着她会讲述她那些惊人的故事。
tr	O	她仍然充满希望，并且这非常吸引人。
tr	I	It was different than it had been before dinner , but when I emerged , the room was still quiet .
tr	I	I squinted up into the blinding Arizona sun , and Instantly sweat clung to my skin .
tr	O	我做不到，因为我的喉咙完全闭合了，并且说话根本不可能。
tr	O	他听到了她的呼吸声，并且有一会儿她什么也没说。
tr	O	还是周二的傍晚，但是赌场已经人头攒动了。
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , but they wanted me to talk about it .
tr	O	卡森低下了头，并且我的心颤了一下。
tr	O	有点儿疼，但是远没有它本该有的样子。
tr	I	Frank decided to postpone some of his planned activity , and Friend was not capable of this kind of monitoring responsibility .
tr	O	有什么重物压在我的胸口，并且我无法呼吸。
tr	O	我做了那个动作，没有配音，脸红得厉害，并且他松手了。
tr	O	这个事实在我们之间不言而喻，并且我无需提及就知道塔蒂亚娜也知道。
tr	O	他看不到米娅的脸，但是他不需要。
tr	I	Her big green eyes were sleepy and her hair was all tousled .
tr	I	I fumbled to pick it up , and I heard him call to me .
tr	I	We could rule the world , and I could amass a pack .
tr	O	天色现在变得更暗了，而且晚冬的天气也持续恶化。
tr	I	The other half warned me not to , but half of me wanted to say yes .
tr	O	他的黑发被巧妙地用发胶固定好了，并且他留着帅气的新山羊胡。
tr	I	He had nothing to stand on , but Pappy denied this was the case .
tr	O	它不是这样，除非猪感到活泼并且泥土是新鲜的。
tr	I	I hear her suggesting that Daniel go show James his high score and Barbara comes back on .
tr	I	It was a fake , but he coughed .
tr	I	I ´ m not going to surrender but this may hurt .
tr	O	我在前一天早餐时察觉到他有些警惕，并且我好奇那是否还在。
tr	I	It is laughable to call it a motorway , but that is the Moscow to Saint Petersburg road .
tr	I	She wondered if he would again and he 'd already refused to answer her once .
tr	I	I couldn 't take my eyes from him , but I kept telling myself to run .
tr	O	我以前听过这个故事，但是不知道他们的名字是否曾被提及。
tr	I	She could smell the adrenaline on him , but she couldn 't make out his expression .
tr	I	He stared around at all the baby furniture , completely clueless and they walked into the children 's section .
tr	I	We stayed with them -- their place is quite a bit larger than this one -- when we visited and they own a house in Little Tuscany .
tr	O	她的头靠在了他身上，并且她把自己埋进他的衬衫里。
tr	O	世界从卡梅隆的脚下坠落，并且他正在坠落，坠落。
tr	I	Erik wouldn 't let him and he tried to isolate me .
tr	I	Her red , raw hands stung at the mere presence of heat , and the water ran hot right away , clouds of steam billowing around her .
tr	O	我现在几乎能感觉到它了，并且我的全身都热情地回应了。
tr	O	艾莉并不完全确定那会是怎样，但是她画过她的脸很多次，所以她知道那是真的。
tr	I	Their sex life was good , and things were familiar with Jeff .
tr	I	Even as I thought that , he ducked into a classroom , but I couldn 't very well run after him without him noticing .
tr	O	我帮爸爸的忙好几年了，并且生意又好起来了，所以我心想，为什么不呢？
tr	O	我想着她，并且她甚至不在我身边。
tr	O	也许“享受”不是一个恰当的词，但是我也不惧怕它们。
tr	I	In a few moments he was gone , but Kiara increased her pace .
tr	I	He couldn 't hide the warm appreciation in his gaze , but his expression still showed shocked surprise .
tr	I	I got the smell of her arousal and her heat encased me again .
tr	O	那如果它消失了，我就会没事，但是我心想我一开始也会有点崩溃。
tr	I	I shiver , staring up at the trees above us , and his mouth grazes down my throat .
tr	O	我爱你，玛丽，我真的爱你，但是我不能谈论这个。
tr	I	Still , orders were orders , but it had seemed like overkill , given the situation .
tr	I	I will hear you better , and Well put your teeth in , dear .
tr	I	I haven 't felt this pretty , ever and he wasn 't one to have fun .
tr	I	As she 'd slowly rebuilt the pieces of her life , she 'd realized a future was not guaranteed and her entire world had crumbled .
tr	O	我听说我们不常生病，但是我不能确定那是否涵盖了精神疾病。
tr	I	Doc just shakes his head , but I sputter in anger .
tr	I	Their faint footfalls were still outside , but he listened for the soldiers below .
tr	O	他们都立刻睡着了，并且屋子里没有时钟。
tr	I	Each of the sections moved and it was split into sections .
tr	I	She never complain of it but Sofia could feel the smoldering pain on her heel .
tr	O	他所有的烦恼都消失了，并且他突然感觉自己就像在那场派对上的高中男孩，他们初吻的那晚。
tr	O	在研究社会时，我们把人类放在亚原子粒子的位置，但是现在又增加了人类心智这个因素。
tr	I	She gave me a bottle of her perfume , but Karen has wandered off .
tr	O	一个脱离肉体的声音说话了，再次变得低沉，并这次带有中大西洋口音。
tr	I	I reached for her hand and she sat next to me .
tr	I	It could be years before she remembered , but she didn 't plan to give up on the old one .
tr	I	They named it Gordon and it was a boy .
tr	I	She shivered in the chill , and Hair whipped at her face .
tr	O	我确信他的吸血鬼体质已经治愈了他们，尽管如此，但是那并不会允许他变形，不像他做到的那样。
tr	O	我的嘴巴张开了，但是什么也没说出来。
tr	O	在他开口之前，她吻了他，并且他想知道她是否能尝到自己的血。
tr	I	I am missing it and there is something here .
tr	I	If we are right about what kind of poison it was , it acted swiftly , and he died .
tr	O	他们离开了大楼，由彼得护送出去，并且回去的路上难得地达成了一致。
tr	I	The room was silent and the air was cool .
tr	I	Thirty days of waiting didn 't really lose him any time , and he could resist opening it .
tr	I	The thought of actually doing it terrified me , but in theory , I wanted to face Aaron .
tr	O	第一个要求她的指挥授权码，并且第二个要求一个任务概况。
tr	I	His hands were restless , but Norris attempted a casual attitude .
tr	I	The last thing I wanted to bring her , was more gossip , and we were too far apart for that to be a hidden maneuver .
tr	I	It didn 't work , but the idea sounded good .
tr	I	Josh Hammond had apparently collected them , and the diamonds had arrived this morning .
tr	I	I was missing my home and enough years went by that I thought I could return .
tr	O	我听到雅各布也躺下了，并且我们各自陷入了沉思。
tr	I	There was no way she was going to reveal her secret and that would be emotional suicide .
tr	I	In the quiet , the sadness starts to fill the air , and the other rebels eventually filter out .
tr	O	你来这里没多久，而且你都已经有男朋友了。
tr	O	她的目光又回到了洛蕾娜被剖开的尸体上，并且她又一次感到恶心。
tr	I	She deserved to have something she wanted even more than her own nickname , and it had been one helluva day .
tr	O	三个洗衣篮放在地板上，并且几堆衣服散落在床上。
tr	I	That doesn 't mean it won 't be a good season , but I know things have been messed up with Coach Wilkinson out .
tr	O	只有一个能阻止罗南的人，不过，并且亚当的妈妈没有那个号码。
tr	O	我很少给他口交，并且我不知道为什么。
tr	I	Alec 's good looks had belied his selfish , arrogant nature , but her ex-husband had been attractive , too .
tr	O	他掐着我妈妈脖子的手松开了，并且她摔倒在地大口喘气。
tr	O	我感到身体开始颤抖，并且我知道山姆离变异只有几秒钟了。
tr	O	科尔特把泰从康纳身上拉开，并且他只是躺在那里看着他的妹妹。
tr	I	Beatriz climbed aboard the ferry and the captain nodded his thanks .
tr	O	希尔达脸上露出了笑容，显示出她有多友好，但是莉娅没有回应。
tr	I	I wanted to hear her say it , but I had an idea .
tr	O	我考虑过去瀑布，但是那会让我成为一个活靶子。
tr	I	They couldn 't agree to buy anything and they went shopping .
tr	O	喇叭突然不响了，并且引擎盖随即落下。
tr	I	It 'll help make me feel useful and it 'll help keep my mind busy .
tr	O	我努力专注于贝利牧师的布道，但是作为无休止猜测的对象是困难的。
tr	O	她稍微晃了一下，并且她的嘴巴咔嗒一声张开了。
tr	I	The reopened wounds burned across his shoulders , and a knot throbbed in his lower back .
tr	I	He looked even younger than she 'd imagined , and she doubted her instincts at first , because he sat all alone .
tr	I	I 'll go and Just give me this one day .
tr	I	I had a few minutes before I would be late and I was told dinner would be served promptly at six .
tr	I	I almost gave in ... almost and his eyes were pleading .
tr	I	Glasses rattled , and people gasped .
tr	I	My head snapped back and I felt my body slam up against the wall .
tr	I	She refused to let them fall , but tears pressed against the backs of her eyes .
tr	O	我面前有一个选择，并且我不记得我们还对彼此说了什么。
tr	O	我的拳头紧紧地握住了刀，并且我吸了一小口气。
tr	O	那些话语让她想起了前一天的所有恐怖，并且她垂下了眼睛，盯着她的咖啡杯。
tr	I	You threw it away and you took our love .
tr	O	远处传来喊叫声，但是除此之外，它似乎是空的。
tr	O	她的袜子以前是尼克的，并且在那之前是艾德的。
tr	O	疼痛流遍她的全身，并且她完全停止了呼吸。
tr	I	Micha floors the gas pedal and the car straightens out .
tr	I	Angela could still make out the words , but Sherry lowered her voice .
tr	I	Ellis had to concentrate with all his might to keep his composure and it was a scene from hell .
tr	O	他们手拉着手，仿佛在等待着可怕的打击，并且我尽可能温柔地告诉了他们。
tr	I	He was a vain one at that , but he might have been a lackey .
tr	O	内心深处我知道他可能想和我在一起，但是他有工作要做。
tr	O	她逃到印度瑜伽之都隐姓埋名，但是狗仔队的威胁紧随其后。
tr	O	他的喉咙很干，并且他的头正在抽痛。
tr	O	我的兜帽从头上滑落，并且我让它保持着，让我的头发淋湿。
tr	O	他又笑了，并且我回以微笑。
tr	I	Her brown eyes narrowed , and she shook her head .
tr	I	I studied him intently , and he seemed pleased at the memory .
tr	O	撞击了几下后，生锈的锁坏了，并且链条松脱到木甲板上。
tr	O	凉风让她感到皮肤冰冷，并且她发出一声响亮的抽泣，踉跄着向前，拼命想达到树林。
tr	O	我听说你会在节日期间抵达时不得不去看你，并且你很安全。
tr	O	我已经做过上百次了，并且这开始变得有点令人担忧，我竟能如此轻易地瞬间关闭。
tr	O	那是够麻烦的一天了，并且我厌倦了疼痛。
tr	O	我在大学时谈过几个男朋友，但是没有一个真正长久。
tr	O	在底部，艾米莉亚能看到一块黑水晶的三角形第五面，并且那黑暗如此深邃，以至于她的眼睛盯着看都会痛。
tr	I	He lifted her calves over his thighs and she tried to remain covered as she lay back .
tr	I	Then she turns to me with a heart-breaking , bewildered expression on her face , and Bennet lurches forward a few steps .
tr	O	我不能真的说那是不妥的，但是我也不能真的说我迷恋珍。
tr	I	My body parts join in a chorus of complaints and the adrenaline rush that overrode the sensation has passed .
tr	I	Her dark eyes stared back at him , and her lashes lifted .
tr	O	她的声音沙哑了，并且我看到卢克给了我一个疑问的眼神。
tr	O	我对音乐不太有鉴赏力，但是我以为我正在听亨德尔的曲子。
tr	O	我的声音在休息室里回荡，并且那个地方在不到二十秒内就空了。
tr	I	I didn 't want to lie , but I knew where this was going .
tr	O	左边太阳穴一阵刺痛，并且我把手按在上面。
tr	I	The taste of her strawberry lip gloss lingered , but my eyes hadn 't dropped before her mouth left mine .
tr	O	恐惧加剧了她头部的撞击疼痛，并且她的胃翻腾起来。
tr	I	Much may have happened since , but I was there at nightfall yesterday .
tr	I	Though it seemed crazy she knew that it was completely right , and the thought blazed into her mind , seared through her heart .
tr	O	我将把你的行为视为针对我个人的，并且我的报复将直接针对你——个人。
tr	I	That wasn 't the case , but I should have been relieved .
tr	I	Now you suggest my father may not have taken his own life , and you have witnessed my grief at the scene of Alistair 's death .
tr	O	我回以微笑，感到高兴，并且随即一股突如其来的疼痛在体内涌起。
tr	I	I can tell it is getting late and the light is dim in the hut .
tr	I	Magnus bet that he knew who , and he sounded as if he were quoting somebody .
tr	O	接着她的目光转向了艾莉亚，并且笑容变得苦涩起来。
tr	O	她又沉默了片刻，但是我听到她在屋子里走动。
tr	I	His scream enveloped me , imprinting itself on my memory , but my forehead was damp with sweat as the dream faded .
tr	I	It would have gone through his heart , ending his life the permanent way and two inches lower .
tr	O	我问道，只记得很少，而且大部分时序都不对。
tr	I	Then the local staff meeting took place immediately after lunch , and Don called in to his staff meeting in the morning .
tr	I	I sat back down , and my legs felt weak .
tr	I	Bilbo hesitated in the rear , but across this bridge the elves thrust their prisoners .
tr	O	他才去世一年左右，但是他对她来说似乎已经像个陌生人了。
tr	I	I was usually afraid of heights , but now that I looked back on that day , it was something I could laugh about .
tr	I	Lauren glanced up , and a fat snowflake landed on her arm .
tr	O	有一个用于聚会的中央主会所，并且随后单独的大型狩猎小屋散布在各处。
tr	I	He bent to pull the two containers out of the heater and the buzzer beeped , indicating that the food was finished .
tr	O	那是迪伦的事情，并且他乐意拥有。
tr	I	I 'm still unpacking my bags when he comes in and my back is to him .
tr	I	She pul ed it from her jeans and her phone buzzed again .
tr	I	Every day I had to make her promise she wouldn 't , and she wanted to tell you every day .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且他立刻放软了语气。
tr	O	这里有东西，并且它是邪恶的。
tr	O	我拍了拍身上的灰尘，并且我们走回了海滨别墅。
tr	O	她没有回来过这里，但是我觉得自从她离开后，那些孩子们去看望过她几次。
tr	O	过去几年里，他们两人约会过几次，但是没有从中发展出任何关系。
tr	I	Rabbi Dave asked Adam to verify that I was his bride , and I signed it too .
tr	O	加勒特照做了，并且第四杯苏格兰威士忌给了她勇气。
tr	I	Andrew hugs me and Gabriel excuses himself .
tr	I	Alex suddenly envied them all so much it choked her , and they were enjoying the restaurant , the music , the romance of the place .
tr	O	当你解释的时候，哈洛会听的，并且她会接受的。
tr	I	His endless touching repulsed her , and each time he tried to get her to agree to something .
tr	O	她的内心有一部分想笑，并且另一部分则在忍着眼泪。
tr	I	He should still probably be notified about her disappearance , but I was almost one hundred percent sure she wasn 't with Keith .
tr	I	One of them is addled , and Poor Pete Turner has but two left of his six kids .
tr	I	I can 't control them and things are getting out of hand .
tr	I	She especially enjoyed the popcorn but the food was delicious .
tr	O	它始于地下实验室，并且她需要去面对它。
tr	I	He mentioned he 's a painter and we started to talk .
tr	I	Something was out there , but nothing he could see .
tr	O	他的父亲找到幸福，他的叔叔恢复健康，并且他一生的挚爱同意永远与他在一起。
tr	I	She knows you have pack protection , and she 's big in the pack .
tr	I	Liz followed , laughing , and he set out at a quick jog .
tr	I	Emerson 's gut tightened at the soft , husky sound and Rachel laughed .
tr	I	The memories are certainly fading , but I 'm sure he still remembers me .
tr	I	He only knew of one way to escape it , and Helena 's impending betrothal was Lucius 's constant torment .
tr	I	Loud panting could be heard just outside the door and the persons pace slowed .
tr	I	The screen refocused onto a display of officious text , and just like my grandma 's analogue antique .
tr	O	这个女人是个意外的惊喜，并且他意识到他想和她一起完成所有这些事情。
tr	I	She feels surrounded , yet she can only smell one wolf .
tr	O	她的父母一开始可能有点困惑，但是他们最终还是接受了。
tr	O	我认定他天生愚蠢，并且脑震荡只是让情况变得更糟。
tr	O	音乐停了，并且电话线里传来沙沙的静电声。
tr	O	想到魔鬼，并且她就会出现。
tr	I	A slow ache woke in his chest , and Stefan 's hand clenched under his desk .
tr	O	杰斯恨自己说了任何话，但是玛丽不肯罢休，直到她最终坦白了一些事情。
tr	O	从未经历过这种事的人可能会认为这需要很长时间才能发展，但是它没有。
tr	O	瓦伦丁不是你的亲生父亲，但是不是因为你的血管里没有他的血。
tr	O	她站了起来，并且当所有人的目光转向她时，詹姆斯迅速调换了他们的盘子。
tr	I	Her need for him seemed only to escalate , and she 'd run into Shane too many times .
tr	I	Now I feel like crap , and Skyla can barely get the words out through her pain .
tr	I	Her teeth sharpened , and her nails lengthened .
tr	O	那人深情地张开双臂，并且他那张大嘴咧开，露出了一个大大的笑容。
tr	I	I 'll do my best to close the hole and if I don 't address it , send me a comment .
tr	O	他离开了我的身边，并且他没有回头看。
tr	O	卡琳娜帮我站了起来，并且我仍在颤抖。
tr	O	一切都如此简单，并且她不希望镇上的一切有所改变。
tr	O	我问了，并且他点了点头。
tr	O	当她在他的怀里哭泣时，尼克一言不发，但是他的手有节奏地轻抚着她的背。
tr	O	她不停地给他洗澡，但是只要她把布放到他的皮肤上，布就会变得如此烫手，她几乎无法触摸。
tr	O	我想我没有从你的角度来看待它，但是我现在明白了。
tr	O	他在桌边坐了下来，轻松得仿佛他已和我同桌多年，并且我们为这美好的一天干杯。
tr	O	前一天的雨云似乎纹丝不动，并且冰冷的雨滴继续向下流淌。
tr	O	艾米先下去了，并且我跟着她。
tr	O	弗兰克开始着手工作，挪动一些木头，组装另一些，并且逐渐地，这个装置开始成形。
tr	O	我听到你尖叫的时候就进来了，并且你正在地上发抖。
tr	I	He knows it and I refuse to believe that .
tr	O	他刚下自己的班，并且他的大脑也恰好在他下班的同一时刻停止了工作。
tr	O	他的声音比他预想的更尖锐，并且戴恩看到安吉丽克的脸上因为他的语调又露出了紧张的神情。
tr	I	I crossed paths with that fox again from the other night and I stopped to take in the beauty of the night .
tr	O	里面很暗，只有很少的光线透过小窗户射进来，但是所有的墙壁都挂满了看起来是手工制作的鲜艳毯子。
tr	O	外面空气温暖，阳光炙烤着水泥车道。
tr	I	He couldn 't blame her , and she wanted to get moving .
tr	O	史蒂文知道他有时会犯错，但是他确信所有错误都不可能都是他的。
tr	O	我必须警告他们，或者任何尝试跳跃的飞船都将永远无法再出来。
tr	O	亚历克斯是个很棒的人，并且他值得享用一顿美餐！
tr	I	Once the light came all the hope came with it , but while she was in the darkness , that was her only focus .
tr	O	他把它们一个一个地扔出去，并且辛格在空中接住了它们，像青蛙捉苍蝇一样狼吞虎咽地吃下去。
tr	O	Dan 松手了，并且 Tar 把她的手臂放在胸前。
tr	O	她的眼睛过了一会儿睁大了，并且她尖叫了一个词。
tr	I	I knew it must be just as bad for him , and things were uncomfortable here .
tr	I	She tried to level it by taking deep breathes and her breath was still shaky .
tr	O	他喜欢沉浸在 Star 的认可中，但是幻象已经开始消退了。
tr	I	She had run away from home and yes , it had frightened her .
tr	O	福布斯举起一只手，并且怀特紧闭着下巴。
tr	O	他们坐在他们的共用书桌旁，并且赛斯正在吃乔治的公主鸡。
tr	I	Eric was fixed on one a little way away from them , but other buildings filled the spaces to the west of the runway .
tr	I	Lara worked with architects on planning , and during the next six months Keller worked with banks on financing .
tr	I	He was something altogether different to her , but she might chase away demons for him .
tr	I	His voice sounded angry , and he shook his head .
tr	I	I wonder if that has anything to do with this information and I remember Anthony telling me that he wouldn 't kiss me again .
tr	I	Were both sipping good Scotch and we had finished two bottles of wine .
tr	O	他今年刚好回家休假，并且我迫不及待地想见到他。
tr	O	我愣了一会儿，并且我关于我们为什么在这里的问题，开始得到了一些答案。
tr	I	Somehow , I knew Cole had something to do with it , and the mood on the dance floor had changed .
tr	I	The best shot she managed only caught her foot in his cloak but again she tried to kick out with her feet .
tr	I	I started walking away , pulling my friends with me , and he touched his cheek .
tr	I	That time has passed , but it was a man , once .
tr	I	Jeff wasted no time in getting her out to sea and the Clarissa 's engine started up .
tr	O	黑精灵说这话的时候看起来很难过，并且汤姆想知道他是否仍然爱着他的人民，尽管他不同意他们的观点。
tr	I	Sean stifled a groan , and Andrea swiped away a drop with her moist , red tongue .
tr	O	一阵野性的嘶吼从他口中发出，并且那地方震动得更剧烈了。
tr	O	他思考着德克斯特所说的话，并且那一整晚他第一次觉得他并非在不理智地行事。
tr	O	杰米已经是一名出色的骑手了，并且贝儿也学得很快。
tr	I	We were in our hiding place and our new identities were in place .
tr	I	We began to head for the front door and he walked over to me .
tr	O	我知道这对你来说毫无意义，并且这只是一次性的事情。
tr	I	The smile fell , but Sir Rupert smiled .
tr	I	For some reason the day became hurried , but I wanted time to slow down .
tr	O	过去，我们的服务一直是保密的，但是我们不认为私下揭露不忠对出轨者是有效的威慑。
tr	O	查理回到了厨房，并且他们坐下来喝茶。
tr	O	所需要的就是这些，并且我属于她了。
tr	O	他们还没有学会那个对象的名字，并且如果他使用了信用卡，他们就可以从中得知。
tr	O	他的肩膀很痛，并且他确信他的颈部肌肉稍后会因为他之前受到的震动而剧痛不已。
tr	O	他的呼吸会带着淡淡的威士忌味，并且他会将这些气味呼到麦克布莱德身上。
tr	O	门铃响了，并且我想知道是谁。
tr	O	然后他们就会去睡觉，并且第二批四个人就会接替。
tr	O	她看不到它们，但是她知道那些魔法结界就在那里。
tr	I	Now was not the time to interrogate him , but this man now had some explaining to do .
tr	I	The red glowed and the walls closed in .
tr	I	Diego went after him , and he followed them .
tr	I	You can do it by yourself , and you just did it with me .
tr	O	这顿饭不适合他挑剔的消化系统，而且他仍然不信任南使用当地食材。
tr	I	One was the strongest of them all , but every emotion was racing through my mind .
tr	O	他低沉的声音在她耳边嗡嗡作响，但是他一定感觉到了她的不稳，因为他的手不再垂在身侧。
tr	I	I 've been around and I 'm too old .
tr	I	I had nowhere to run and I was as vulnerable as ever to him .
tr	O	裘德捂住了嘴巴，但是这并没有控制住他的笑声。
tr	I	I should have known better , but I thought it was me they waited on .
tr	I	They didn 't have a choice , but the officers didn 't like it .
tr	I	Matthew had decided to return to work and it was Monday morning .
tr	O	她因先看到约翰而非其他人而失望地叹了口气，但是随即她捕捉到了风中的某种东西。
tr	O	那就是我们所讨论的，并且狼的承诺是具有约束力的。
tr	I	I won 't take up more of your time and okay , look , this isn 't going anywhere .
tr	O	我惨败了，并且最终他还是看向了我母亲。
tr	I	I feel like if I don 't ask now I won 't get the chance , but it sounds like a stupid request .
tr	O	他试图捋顺她头发上的一些结，但是她因他的触碰而扭开了头。
tr	O	他在座位上动了动，并且她感觉到脸颊发热。
tr	O	塑形者大叫一声，并且狼蛛被撕成两半，黑色的血浆四处喷溅。
tr	O	他说人们正在与自然失去联系，并且他不想成为这样一个世界的一部分。
tr	O	她的名字是莉迪亚，并且她成为了他的朋友。
tr	I	He smiled and his face melted .
tr	I	He stretches his hand in my direction , just short of touching mine , and Realm 's expression softens .
tr	O	是他把她带入这一切的，他真是个傻瓜，并且他决心要把她从中解救出来。
tr	I	John punched in a number , and Nate handed over the phone .
tr	I	A mother of two before the second tumor was even discovered and Margaret was married .
tr	I	She walked me through a magnificent dining room meant to seat at least fifty , and on the bottom floor alone , Hannah pointed out three bathrooms .
tr	I	It required constant maintenance , but the undead couldn 't cross that kind of power .
tr	I	She moans and gripping her hips , her lips part as her head falls back .
tr	O	声音变得含糊不清，但是刘易斯的意思很明确。
tr	I	It wasn 't Bill 's libido And something was Up , with a capital U. .
tr	O	她向左走，并且我向右走。
tr	I	She will have passed without having achieved it and Alma 's one goal was to have a child .
tr	I	Jimmy slowed his pace so that he could walk beside her , and Cindy was lagging behind .
tr	I	She honestly forgot what she looked like and she hadn 't seen herself in over three hundred years .
tr	I	She turned away , walking back to the lodge and he dropped his hand .
tr	I	She didn 't want him to stop and Sal was stirring her body to life again .
tr	I	It wasn 't necessary , but Andy took my hands , ready to support me if I fell .
tr	I	I did feel bad for Timmy but I had to admit that it was satisfying .
tr	O	杰西把手臂搭在杰克逊身上，并且他们慢慢走向他的房间。
tr	I	Thomas once again felt in control , and his anger subsided .
tr	O	这是一段长路，但是现在还早。
tr	O	接着他的嘴唇贴上她的脖颈，并且她确实晕倒了，融化在他身上。
tr	I	She could see her reflection staring back at her , yet she could see through the water without any obstruction .
tr	I	No sound came , but she tried to scream .
tr	I	I was going to let her and she needed to talk .
tr	I	It persisted in staying , but I blinked the residual of the flames away .
tr	O	我喝醉了，但是我还是记得系上了安全带。
tr	I	The parasite wasn 't , but the dingo was dead .
tr	O	无论她的负担是什么，无论她的悲伤如何，她是一位皇家公主，而且职责高于一切。
tr	I	You 're engaged to someone else , so get over it , and she 's your best friend .
tr	I	It has not yet had time to reconstitute itself , and the command structure fell apart after the founder died .
tr	I	The tray itself clattered loudly upon the floor and dishes shattered .
tr	I	This might all be over after one night and I 'd thought I could handle the repercussions of this , the idea that Adam would leave .
tr	I	It 's tearing you up inside , but I don 't know what happened .
tr	O	汉克小心翼翼地摸了摸他的脚踝，并且麦克皱了皱眉。
tr	I	She was focusing on the road since she was not familiar with the way going to Victoria 's house and she was driving .
tr	O	贾里德递给我一双袜子，并且我穿上它们，接着是运动鞋。
tr	I	When she looked up at him again , she was even more eager for him and her eyes widened .
tr	I	It just wasn 't her work style and he had a need for her to excessively praise him .
tr	O	他们会向你的榜样学习，并且他们会服从。
tr	I	This time Clary did not try to wriggle away from her , and Jocelyn let Tessa take Clary again .
tr	I	He had a grin of delight on his face , and his kilt slid up to reveal his strong thighs .
tr	I	I snuck a peek at her , and Kenzie turned .
tr	O	她听到警卫把它锁上，并且她转过身。
tr	I	She was gone but I turned around in a circle , expecting to see her drifting around .
tr	O	他的眼睛变暗了，并且他的脸色变得呆滞。
tr	O	她的离世确实令人悲痛，但是我不愿扼杀你的好奇心。
tr	O	她年纪大了，并且她已经接受了这一点。
tr	O	他会对这个原因感到惊讶，但是今晚我不会分享那个信息。
tr	O	艾米丽脸上的笑容很有感染力，并且萨拉的脸上也立刻浮现了一个类似的笑容。
tr	O	西比尔想笑，但是她却忍住了。
tr	O	无法用言语形容我的感受，这种欲望如何吞噬着我，并且我迷失在辉煌的火焰中。
tr	O	他们打量着我们，并且我们也怒目回视着他们。
tr	I	For a second , I wondered if Samuel would snap Violet 's neck , too , simply to show his power , and Samuel stood above them .
tr	O	你永远也找不到它，并且你只会让自己陷入危险。
tr	I	His head was pounding and his stomach was rumbling again .
tr	O	安东尼娅思考了一会儿，但是她什么也没想到。
tr	I	He was wearing a scribe 's robe , and the man had short white hair , a goatee , glasses .
tr	I	Elizabeth was already gone , but I glanced toward the door .
tr	O	我的嘴唇亲吻了她的脸，并且她发出了一声少女般的轻笑。
tr	I	All he really wanted was to get to Nick , but his mind was reeling with the possibilities .
tr	O	我爱她，并且她也爱我。
tr	O	詹姆斯在熟悉的环境中很勇敢，但是，在不熟悉的情况下，他是一个完全顺从的孩子，因为他对未知事物感到恐惧。
tr	I	She scarcely knew him , and he barely knew the girl , after all .
tr	I	They may think it 's motive enough to arrest you , and you had plenty of reason to be angry with her .
tr	I	Her mom returned to the side of the bed , and he left .
tr	I	The annihilation was spreading quicker than ever , and there was little left now .
tr	O	这个小区域有屋顶，但是它没有提供多少保护。
tr	O	你们之间一直很融洽，而且我知道莱西对此很感激。
tr	O	港口附近发生了第三次爆炸，但是两名警卫都没有上钩。
tr	O	我的人还在跟踪那辆车，而且警方正试图超前拦截他们。
tr	I	When Embry was president , he was going to help her , and Leslie intended to make it bigger .
tr	I	Her face grew stiff with disbelief , and I told her about the vandalism .
tr	O	迦勒哭了，而且艾登的手指紧紧抓住维多利亚，让她痛苦地皱眉。
tr	O	我怀疑我很快就能解决前者，但是我对后者抱最好的希望。
tr	I	A laugh escaped and he twirled her around .
tr	I	It is not true that what you see is what you get , but a very compelling impression , I acknowledge .
tr	I	Even if it hadn 't , Ronan was desperate , and the symbiotic relationship worked for both sides .
tr	I	He more than made up for it in girth but he was a short man , bordering on average , in height .
tr	I	I would require insurance first but it was time I saw a doctor .
tr	I	Now he was excusing their mind blowing kiss as simple aftermath and the whole day had been one earth shattering experience after another ?
tr	I	I was still alert enough not to do it by shaking him , but I was sleepy again by the time I woke Fade .
tr	O	台阶上有一个绿色浇水壶，花坛里水仙花探出头来，并且门上挂着一个水果花环。
tr	I	From this distance , she could hear the family going about doing their things , and there were lights in the drawing room .
tr	I	Laurel had been seeing both of them a lot , but they were taking things slow , giving her time to adjust .
tr	O	她用手推开，并且她准备伤害我。
tr	O	她闪开了，并且他挥舞得很开。
tr	I	I was already shivering without heat , and it was too cold to roll down a window to see better .
tr	I	Dennis worried that he had been disconnected , and there was an audible pop over the line .
tr	I	His body seized and suddenly his stomach cramped .
tr	O	她的身体几乎不能动，并且当她竭尽全力时，她一无所获。
tr	I	The only way I 'll be able to truly know is if I read his words , but he 's always been really truthful in the past .
tr	O	天空又晴朗了，并且他们能看到很远。
tr	O	她稍微坐起来，把床单抱在胸前，并且隐约记得之前不能坐起来。
tr	I	His pulse pounded in his temple and the pressure in his groin increased .
tr	I	It fits so perfectly and it 's so intact .
tr	I	She always insists on doing it , but my stepmom isn 't the greatest cook .
tr	O	我们是受害方，并且很自然地我们会有很多共同点。
tr	O	他肯定在吹嘘，并且恶心感袭遍她全身。
tr	I	I like it , but he 's certainly rough around the edges .
tr	O	头巾男继续瞪着我，但是那个年长者吃吃地笑着。
tr	I	Those days are over now , but M may be holding on .
tr	I	His whole body went rigid and he stiffened .
tr	I	Her mother dropped a restraining hand on her shoulder , but Solange started to push her way out of the room .
tr	I	Erica was wondering what Melissa was up to and in a few minutes they were on the road to the resort .
tr	I	I almost want to squirm , and Gage is still watching me closely .
tr	I	She moaned and he bit her gently .
tr	I	Now he was putting her off and she had waited all day to speak with Steve .
tr	I	Like always , he was beautiful and it was shadowed in the moonlight .
tr	I	I caught enough , but the sound of her voice was muffled .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but she didn 't know .
tr	I	He blinked as if realizing what he had said , and the old man 's eyes landed on me .
tr	O	我倒吸了一口气，但是他甚至没有退缩。
tr	O	他所需要的只是一些钱，并且他就能足够体面了。
tr	I	There 's no compulsion to be with each other , but we have a good time when we 're together .
tr	I	He held up his hands , and his eyes bugged out .
tr	I	I didn 't care and Plenty of guys have seen me naked .
tr	I	A bottle of it is on the table and a glass is half full with clear liquid .
tr	O	一盏灯翻倒了，并且火烧起来了。
tr	O	他退后了，并且一个大大的、铺着亚麻布的托盘被两名未穿制服的仆人推入房间。
tr	O	这种感觉消退了，并且我在心里耸了耸肩。
tr	I	Thomas Jr. just had their first real family time alone , and that 's when Anna realized she , Thomas .
tr	O	我不得不这样做，并且我很讨厌它。
tr	I	I still have pull there , but I may be on probation .
tr	O	他点了点头，并且她像兔子一样跳了起来。
tr	I	Nicholas ' words replay , but Life has returned in his eyes .
tr	O	她的头发更短，像个男孩的头发，并且她的皮肤呈灰白色，而不是温暖的棕色。
tr	O	他们只有几天时间来生产弩，并且有很多工作要做。
tr	I	He changes the subject and he must realize how I 'm feeling because his face lightens up .
tr	I	Strands of hair had come loose from her ponytail , and her blue eyes were wide .
tr	O	政府并不算聪明，但是他们确实有一个很大的优势。
tr	O	当然，我对他也有同样强烈的感情，但是这似乎是如此巨大的一步。
tr	O	他这次是站着而不是坐着，并且他看起来明显很着急，对什么事很渴望。
tr	O	当它结束时，一声轻微的叹息从她唇边滑出，并且他退后去回答她的问题。
tr	O	他本可以打我，并且那样会伤得更轻。
tr	I	The only place that 's safe is Seaside , Oregon and I don 't freaking care if the world is ending .
tr	O	她站了起来，并且我能听到她走出房门时在自嘲地笑。
tr	O	她也看到其他情侣在远处散步，并且她感觉到太阳的热量温暖着她的皮肤。
tr	O	她习惯了森林的法则，但是这完全是另一回事。
tr	O	感觉我们的能量并未平衡，并且我的思绪又回到了门口那次静电冲击。
tr	I	She doesn 't put up with any shit , and I started to get nervous because I know Ellery .
tr	O	他的欲望如火般炽热，并且他感觉体内一切都在升腾。
tr	O	他的嘴唇拂过她手套的棉质，并且他立刻幻想把那手套褪下来，露出纤细的手腕。
tr	I	I didn 't think my father appreciated it at the moment , but the effect was stunning .
tr	O	她完全理解医生的愤怒，但是这已经够了。
tr	I	I didn 't need it right now , and that sight would surely unhinge me today .
tr	I	Sarah bit her tongue , and Rachel brightened at this .
tr	I	I danced my heart out and I let the song take over me .
tr	O	他的项圈闪了火花，但是格雷厄姆完全不顾，猛地撞向埃里克。
tr	O	他可能在吸血鬼这件事上让我措手不及，但是我知道他毫无疑问是个好人。
tr	O	他脸色苍白，并且他脸上泛着一层汗光。
tr	O	我会想念你，而且我很快会和你联系。
tr	O	我的手机响了，而且我迅速查看了屏幕。
tr	I	Josh had already claimed one and there were a few more of these bed fixtures around the boat .
tr	I	They could be a family , and his brother could meet Annabelle .
tr	O	显宗传统是主流宗教，但是密宗传统自然是隐秘的。
tr	O	收银员又环顾四周，而且她的语气变得更具戏剧性了。
tr	I	He hadn 't followed up on what his guts told him and he 'd known something was wrong .
tr	O	一只粗糙的手用力将她拉起，而且她发现自己正凝视着他的眼睛。
tr	O	卡拉OK厅在楼下两层，而且他们能从电梯间一路听到刺耳的歌声。
tr	I	Within a few beats , Grand slipped into the night and the grass rolled under the crow 's wings .
tr	O	天很黑，而且星星在墨色的天空中璀璨闪耀。
tr	I	He suspected she had no idea , which only increased her beauty but she was stunningly pretty .
tr	I	He could feel his hold slipping with each passing minute but Ransom was trying hard to hold on to his temper .
tr	O	我的家人努力过，而且他们为了给我找到合适的群体而付出了生命。
tr	I	Owen throws in a flourish on the drums , and Rook really gets into the bass .
tr	O	听起来很严重，但是她想不出自己最近做错了什么。
tr	I	She didn 't care and she couldn 't hear what they were arguing about .
tr	I	I could have kissed him and our waiter unloaded our food .
tr	O	我们有几名嫌疑人涉嫌造成了他的中毒死亡，但是逮捕不太可能在几小时内进行，可以说。
tr	O	他的手肘贴着她的左胸，并且他笑了。
tr	O	他看到门上有一个牌子，但是它太远了看不清。
tr	I	My limbs were still but I wanted to rebel .
tr	I	Things were fine at home and nothing was out-of-the-ordinary at work .
tr	I	He tied it to the dock jutting out from the shore and the boat came to a stop .
tr	I	Then I saw it , and I looked around .
tr	O	他从未见过人们如此渴望听到一个人的话，同时又希望自己从未被召集来听。
tr	O	她是来这里出差的，并且她没有时间做其他事情。
tr	I	He said no , and I asked him if he was with you .
tr	O	弗雷德试图闭上嘴保持安静，但是话语仍然不断地从他曾经能言善辩的口中涌出。
tr	I	Then I won 't be able to work on the range anymore , and it 's only a matter of time before I wind up pregnant .
tr	O	我的意思是，好吧，控制腐败会是一个开始，但是我甚至不知道那是否足够。
tr	I	They are jus ' as deformed as we are , but they act as if the high lords are perfect .
tr	I	He gave me a little salute and as I watched , our eyes met .
tr	O	少女的眼睛睁大了，并且她的头猛地向后一仰，不经意间拉扯着她紧咬在牙间的缰绳。
tr	O	恶魔们消散了，并且一抹坏笑蔓延开来。
tr	O	她会给他打电话，并且他就可以来接她。
tr	I	It came up coated in white dust and I ran my finger over a shelf .
tr	O	我对她咧嘴一笑，并且她轻轻拍了一下我的胸口，带着玩闹的意味。
tr	I	It works wonderfully for this , but the wire is too coarse for electronics .
tr	O	我觉得是他自己做的，但是他却从没多说起过。
tr	O	我离得很远，然而我正在赶来找你。
tr	O	右边的车道是空的，但是他并没有超车。
tr	I	She moved as fast as she could , and her fingers were tight on the scalpel .
tr	I	I wiped my cheeks with my dirty sleeves , and every last bit of willpower I had crumbled .
tr	I	I wasn 't even standing and it made me feel lightheaded .
tr	I	The wound is not life threatening anymore , but he will have a very sore shoulder for a while .
tr	I	I grabbed his arm , but he started to open the door .
tr	O	马尔文不笑，但是他的眉毛却舒展开来，像是在考虑要不要笑。
tr	O	我甚至不确定我指的是什么，但是他看起来就像我刚告诉他我要和他分手一样。
tr	I	Hearing him say it aloud tossed cold water on her face , but she knew that .
tr	O	罗杰仍在忙碌他的钓线，但是他正一脸怒气地向前凝视着。
tr	O	那是一种曾让壮汉退缩，也让女王们对她们命令他做的事情三思的声音。
tr	O	灯光渐暗，并且我发现自己回到了地球。
tr	I	The hands still held him upright but he landed on his feet .
tr	I	Her arms slipped around him , and he kissed her softly .
tr	O	出现了一段让我感到难堪的沉默，但是接着爸爸似乎振作起来了。
tr	O	他抓住她的手肘，并且他们一起走向厨房旁的门。
tr	O	她听到了脚步声，但是她只是不理会。
tr	O	就在那时驳船在波浪中颠簸了一下，并且她靠向他的手来稳住自己。
tr	O	我望向泰勒，希望得到某种鼓励，但是他甚至没有看我一眼。
tr	O	和某人一起醒来是和他们睡觉后的自然结果，并且那是发生在上面，在那些成年人脑袋里的事情。
tr	I	We parted to go to our respective classes , and we got to school just as the first bell rang .
tr	I	She wasn 't fooling me , but I 'm a good sport .
tr	I	His jaw was set , but he blinked .
tr	O	德拉戈斯在这里越界了，并且再也没有回头路了。
tr	I	It is being sent to the prince as we speak and I have sent the news to my family .
tr	O	约瑟夫的家庭是一个紧密的家庭，而且家人总是排在第一位，超越工作，超越金钱，超越一切。
tr	O	你跟我来是为了摆脱你的生活，而且，我希望你身处一个更好的地方。
tr	I	Since Wye is at the south pole , it can arrange an influx of cold air , but [ Yes ] .
tr	O	那是过去式了，并且她不会让它伤害她。
tr	I	Across to the large windows that allowed the late-afternoon sun to filter inside and my eyes slipped along the living area , up to the high ceilings .
tr	O	太阳已经升起将近两个小时了，并且如果你不快点起来，我们就要错过早餐了。
tr	O	乔安娜本人倾向于假设，但是她在回忆录中谨慎地将其提议为仅仅一种可能性。
tr	I	He was below ground level and she was twenty feet high .
tr	I	They naturally wanted the best for it , and it was their baby , their brainchild .
tr	I	His version was a lot less glamorous , but thoughts of science fiction stories involving time travel came to mind .
tr	I	It comes with a bow tie on it and I have a nice work shirt for ya .
tr	I	There 's no way that 's accurate , but yes , that would make sense with the way he explained things .
tr	I	His tail swished from side to side and the mane of hair had been meticulously groomed .
tr	I	I 'm not the only one , but my ability may be rare .
tr	O	我也希望你叫我格雷迪，或者你以后会因为忽视我的请求而付出代价。
tr	I	It had become part of our negotiations with him and he 'd been flirting with me for a while .
tr	I	It doesn 't matter , but she swipes at them .
tr	I	His eyes open for a few seconds and his mouth moves slightly .
tr	I	He 'd have her soon enough and the Night Siren belonged to him .
tr	O	那些词语融合在一起，不带丝毫停顿地连贯而出，并且格蕾琴对他推销确凿无疑的垃圾的独特能力报以微笑。
tr	O	他选择继续替罗伯特掩盖，并且这让凯恩看清了他真正的忠诚所在。
tr	I	At least he was here , but there was something in them that wasn 't right .
tr	O	他看起来很自信，但是里斯知道有些不对劲。
tr	O	那个事实毁了她的胃口，而且瓦尔德说得如此不带感情。
tr	O	泪水盈满了我的眼睛，并且我努力隐藏茱莉亚的话对我造成了多大的影响。
tr	I	He stopped walking , and a disconcerting thought crossed Michael 's mind .
tr	O	她是多么希望是他，但是无论如何审视都无法让那成为现实。
tr	I	We laughed , and Fido guessed .
tr	I	The icy water seeps through my shoes and the sand is rough against my skin .
tr	I	She bypassed his hand , but Talon reached for her .
tr	O	没有其他人知道那具尸体发生了什么，并且找到她的尸体会在法律眼中给他定罪。
tr	O	他在那里轻轻地按了一下，并且这次海伦忍不住弓起了身子。
tr	O	这不是他可以等闲视之的事情，并且他需要她理解这一点。
tr	O	当然，他体内的血液没有他应该有的那么多，但是这几乎不重要。
tr	I	I could see he was worried about the increase in victims , just as I was , and he was back to a previous question .
tr	O	她的睫毛垂了下来，并且她什么也没说。
tr	I	I reach out to take his hand again and I realize he is mastering strong emotion .
tr	O	乔治坐在他旁边说道，并且卢卡斯没有看到他进来。
tr	O	他一直不惧试验，而且安吉丽娜也一直不惧让他这么做。
tr	O	他感受到了她话语的重量，并且同时将他们束缚在一起的锁链再次向他诉说着所有的悲伤。
tr	O	他的眉毛扬了起来，并且那人点了点头。
tr	O	乔的鼾声继续着，并且科林笑了。
tr	O	乔没有动，并且他的眼睛仍然闭着。
tr	I	You don 't , but you think you know it .
tr	I	The world was madly spinning around , and I was dazed , in pain .
tr	I	Max shook his head , but I started to ask .
tr	O	卡拉在医院里，并且她看起来伤痕累累。
tr	I	I reach out to brace myself against the wall , and the thought of him coming out of the carriage last night makes me dizzy .
tr	O	快速地死于坠入末日之水，或者缓慢地死于被逼入绝望的疯狂。
tr	I	I couldn 't make out what it was , but in the center was something red .
tr	O	我谢谢了他，并且他开车走了。
tr	O	确实，走廊看起来一年没人打扫过了，但是我穿着我的牛仔裤。
tr	I	Peter was there to cut the ribbon and the bunker was opened as a museum .
tr	I	I adore your children and it 's wonderful here .
tr	I	She missed her Rach , and she was deeply homesick .
tr	O	我现在能够谈论这件事而不再让他心生抵触，并且他能够接受这个现实。
tr	O	房间里闻起来像蒜蓉面包，并且我父亲简直要流口水了。
tr	I	They never forgave and they never forgot .
tr	O	妈妈在那里被提供了一份工作，并且爸爸不在身边，妈妈需要工作。
tr	I	I pull to a stop , peering across the grassland , and a glimmer comes from ahead .
tr	O	外面的木板被吃掉了，并且柏油阻止了捕食者接触里面的木板。
tr	I	One thing drove me absolutely wild , but I was tolerant of these peculiarities .
tr	O	里面亮着一盏灯，但是窗帘后面没有影子移动。
tr	O	电脑显示器变暗了，并且我们进入了电梯。
tr	O	我们得照顾好自己，并且我们必须警告其他人关于他的事。
tr	O	好的，所以这有点讽刺，但是这仍然算数，对吗？
tr	O	上周，我不知道为什么，但是我确信卖家算错了。
tr	I	The tree came to life and Spike plugged in the lights .
tr	O	这是他的命运，并且他会接受它。
tr	I	I almost walked straight into him , and I was being pushed on the tide of guests moving from the ballroom to the supper room .
tr	O	它升起来了，并且兰瑟跟着它进入了洞穴深处。
tr	I	Time seemed to slow , and he lay there on the floor .
tr	O	他的笑容消失了，并且他舔了舔嘴唇。
tr	I	He grinned at her and she glared at him .
tr	O	感觉这两名士兵有些熟悉，并且当那个控制着男人的士兵转身去看他的朋友时，我感到一阵熟悉的颤动。
tr	I	She could not deny its truthfulness , but it was a harsh realization , this striking difference between the two men .
tr	I	A search party found him six hours later , and he 'd chased two deer into the woods .
tr	O	训练师们离开了，并且我走近了国王。
tr	O	肖恩的嘴唇抽动了一下，但是他没有笑。
tr	I	He was physically intimidating , but he wasn 't smart .
tr	O	运输飞船冲上天空，并且我迫不及待地想见到她。
tr	O	我的手臂感觉像被人掐了一下，并且我知道迪伊的裙子破了。
tr	O	对他来说这可能只是一个随意的问题，但是对我来说，答案比活着更复杂。
tr	O	工作还不到三周，并且我已经在分类广告中寻找另一份工作了。
tr	I	I notice new , darker shades pulsing in his aura , and the smile doesn 't linger on his face .
tr	I	There was a bit of a mischievous glow about him , and his tone seemed to be laced with excitement .
tr	I	A sword appears from her hip and there 's a glint of metal .
tr	O	她解开了头发上的白绳，并且她一头长长的金发便垂过了她的肩膀。
tr	I	I 'll help you in the event of an insurance claim and the chap on the motor bike is going to be fine .
tr	I	There was only emptiness and the show was over .
tr	O	我们周围的空气变暖了，并且我注意到我一直在发抖。
tr	O	房间在二楼，并且窗户正对着太阳。
tr	I	She stepped back and Ms. Bimbo 's eyes flashed .
tr	O	这却没有持续下去，并且我的反应也吓到了他们。
tr	O	她不怎么擅长，但是穿着睡衣闲逛到中午感觉几乎同样颓废。
tr	I	He accidentally kicked her and Cooper started to stir .
tr	O	有些时候他希望自己能惩戒他，但是他总是克制自己。
tr	I	She pushed him back but he held her close , not wanting to see her face .
tr	O	这完全出乎意料，并且她呆呆地眨着眼看他。
tr	O	暴风雨似乎变得狂暴起来，并且它的力量将木箱砸向他身后的悬崖上的坚硬岩石。
tr	O	他没有告诉我，而且我也没有心思去问。
tr	I	I 'm totally busted and his ice blue eyes meet mine .
tr	O	他只把目光从安德鲁身上移开了一秒钟，但是那一秒钟就足以让安德鲁扑向他。
tr	I	Ibrahim motioned for me to wait but I was about to stand up .
tr	I	I had the best one out there and Family was the most important thing in my life .
tr	O	他们走出酒店，并且当罗斯特往左走时，他们往右走了。
tr	O	世界现在看起来如此不同，然而岛上什么都没有改变。
tr	O	他向“龙卷风”发出指令，并且他们轰隆隆地穿过牧场，奔向那头朝他们走回了一小段距离的小牛。
tr	I	He felt such a powerful well of emotion flowing toward her that nothing else would do , but the words sounded stupid to his ears .
tr	I	She chose killing , but she could have done anything to survive .
tr	I	I wince as she cries out in pain and Maddy is thrown against her seat belt .
tr	I	She hated it , and he looked tormented .
tr	O	泰莎的眼睛没有问题，但是那副眼镜有时在塑造形象方面很有用。
tr	I	She gasped and her eyes flew open .
tr	O	阿尔伯特关掉了厨房里的灯，并且他们回到船舱休息了。
tr	I	It piqued the male show-off gene just a bit as well , but the extra bit of testosterone not only drove his muscles harder .
tr	O	我们带着破碎的鸟喙，并且翅膀像残疾的鸟一样。
tr	I	She grasped onto it with desperation and the touch of a leather strap brushed against Echo 's hand .
tr	I	She knew better , but he could hope .
tr	O	门上的敲门声将我的注意力从我自己身上移开，并且我望过去看到杰里科站在门口。
tr	I	I certainly don 't have any feelings for him , and I don 't even know if I can entirely trust him .
tr	O	大约一个月前，柯尔斯滕搬到了我们街上的一所房子，并且凯尔似乎对她有点迷恋。
tr	O	绳索开始冒烟，并且滑轮嘎吱作响，巨型笼子向深渊底部坠落。
tr	O	雨停了，并且云层正在消散。
tr	O	那让路易莎扔掉了莫洛托夫燃烧瓶，并且她被推到了墙边。
tr	I	He was not about to say that , but being rudely summoned before the heir to the throne with no explanation was highly unusual .
tr	I	Her breathing evened out , and her leg remained steady .
tr	I	She 'd picked better looking things than her off the bottom of her shoes , and he looked hot enough to make her one good ankle buckle .
tr	O	我勉强地点了点头，并且那是她所需要的一切。
tr	I	She saw no point in arguing , but Brimstone strictly did not buy immature teeth , not animal , not human .
tr	I	We both laughed , and Felix placed his hand on his chest .
tr	I	The inner harbor was filled with many ships , and the city seemed to wrap around the harbor .
tr	O	他想给她打电话，但是他知道他没有理由。
tr	O	她的下巴带着那种倔强的上扬，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	O	二十分钟，雷耶斯提醒自己，并且之后他就可以再次和达妮卡在一起了。
tr	I	There was a good chance that he would die before she 'd ever spoken to him , and she 'd finally found someone to love .
tr	O	克拉克问道，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	I	It 's making me nervous and she 's being really quiet .
tr	O	我可以策略性地通过提出某些话题来引导我们的对话，并且薇可以永远没完没了地唠叨这些话题。
tr	O	我们之间一直有点紧张气氛，但是最近，每次我们见面时，空气中都弥漫着紧张的电流。
tr	I	She was absorbing the sensation of our coupling and those dark , mysterious eyes were now closed .
tr	O	这真是个两岁小孩才会做的傻事，但是我却忍不住。
tr	O	我们将在这里待一整夜，并且这还仅仅是个开始。
tr	I	When she didn 't he chuckled , and Jake waited for her to answer .
tr	I	I hate knowing that we may never talk again and the finality of our conversation crackles through the air .
tr	I	A peek through the shutters revealed a muddy boar , grubbing around , but he had been startled earlier by something large moving past the cabin .
tr	O	他发出一声压抑的叫喊，并且我再次轻抚他的背。
tr	O	第七章 在感受到那锋利的獠牙刺破她的皮肤时，奇拉整个人都僵住了，但是她没有为接下来发生的事情做好准备。
tr	O	他依然站在桌旁，但是就在她把目光停留在账本上时，他终于低声笑了起来。
tr	O	我犹豫了，黑暗稍稍退去了一些，但是我仍然将它们牢牢地抓在我面前。
tr	I	It doesn 't seem possible , but it could 've been .
tr	O	在那一刻我可能会从岩架上滑下去，但是吉姆把一只手放在我的肩膀上稳住了我。
tr	O	事实是托马斯有獠牙，而且她相当确定他咬了她。
tr	I	She still didn 't completely understand Jason 's motivation , and Hope knew that .
tr	I	It wasn 't there , but I thought I had hung my cardigan over the back of one of them .
tr	O	那是一种奇怪的色情感觉，并且她的身体在回忆中变得活跃起来。
tr	O	姐妹俩在这片神奇的森林里走了一会儿，并且感到有点饿了。
tr	O	鲜血染遍了他被雨淋湿的精纺西装，并且他的眼睛睁得很大，显得茫然失措。
tr	O	一个小女孩的背后爆发出一声响亮的哭喊，并且她放下砍刀，把婴儿抱到前面来。
tr	O	她伸出手，并且他握住了。
tr	O	门铃响了，并且瑞秋的爸爸约翰跑去看是谁。
tr	I	That wasn 't going to happen , but what she needed was a woman .
tr	I	I still know it 's there , but it 's hard to feel pain sometimes now .
tr	I	It wasn 't like Stacey wasn 't popular , and I could be a terrible friend at times .
tr	O	她抬头，希望能看到他脸上的笑容，但是他似乎没有注意到她。
tr	O	她的手腕一扭，一把刀从袖子里滑出来，并且她把刀刃抵在伊莱娜的喉咙上。
tr	O	他转了一圈，好让每个人都能看到他，并且然后停下来，面向空荡荡的皇家阳台方向。
tr	O	奥班张开嘴要进行投票，但是在他开口之前，一道徽章升到了空中。
tr	I	Now she reached all the way to the back , fingers desperately searching , and she 'd seen him return that key to this middle desk drawer .
tr	I	They knew the objects were dangerous , but they wanted to find out exactly how they worked .
tr	I	In a few hours , they 're going to kill us , and they 've got all three of our Legions dead to rights .
tr	O	格雷戈里必须把萨凡纳带到安全的地方，但是他知道他不会让城市的居民独自面对威胁。
tr	O	安德鲁站起来了，但是是尼古拉斯出现了，从安德鲁身上抽离，他的脸上充满仇恨。
tr	I	His boss seemed to have it in for him , and he couldn 't see what he was doing wrong .
tr	I	He liked it just as much as the slim fitting skirts but Today 's little floaty number was a complete deviation from the norm .
tr	I	They ´ ve got guns , big guns and it ´ s dark .
tr	O	他的手指探入我的内裤，并且其中两根找到了进入我身体的路径。
tr	O	已经是晚餐时间了，并且诺米的母亲向警官提供了午餐，警官欣然接受了邀请。
tr	O	此时此刻男孩本不应感到惊讶，然而一切都让他惊讶了。
tr	O	阿尔菲什么也没说，但是他的眼睛像狂躁的雪貂一样四处乱窜。
tr	O	这花了一点时间，但是他开始把注意力集中在人们身上。
tr	I	The angry lines around his eyes have gone deeper and his face is beet red .
tr	I	Little globules of red blood floated out from under the cover and it split .
tr	I	I wish I could remember my dad , but I have a few good memories of my mom .
tr	O	我们并没有像你复活故障后爸爸那样都疯掉，但是这对我们这些孩子来说并没有更容易。
tr	O	斯凯勒还没有意识到这一点，但是迪米特里在他的眼中看到了。
tr	O	他不倾向于这样的情感表达，但是那不意味着他毫无感觉。
tr	I	The stars had come out , and the sun had long since set .
tr	O	她对我一直都很好，但是她真正看不顺眼的是你父亲。
tr	O	她明知危险，但是她有自尊。
tr	O	她的手臂环绕着他片刻，并且交换了一个非常热情的吻。
tr	O	我从不洗澡，或者我从小女孩的时候起就没洗过。
tr	I	The shimmery color was in the thread , not painted on , but Jane scratched at the gold vine on the bedspread again .
tr	I	There was a sense of expectancy that permeated the air , and Tension was thick .
tr	I	Mikael drew back shaking his head , but he must 've pulled it off .
tr	O	树枝颤抖着，并且树叶沙沙作响。
tr	I	I really don 't care all that much , and no one says anything to me about my demotion .
tr	I	She could have quit then , and Burnout had hit her after a short time back in the field after her kidnapping .
tr	O	你遇到我的时候，我可能还是个处女，但是我绝对没有过着受保护的生活。
tr	I	We are just sitting here and she 's come all this way to find us .
tr	I	Privacy was not a luxury we could afford , but we had an audience that included her uncle .
tr	O	那个男人粗心地把她的手臂甩了回去，并且德文立刻退开了一步。
tr	I	She heard the uncharacteristic note of sharpness in her voice , and she asked .
tr	I	I want her inner thoughts and something 's digging at her .
tr	O	我很容易就找到了酒店，但是停车场几乎满了。
tr	I	Mike raised a hand to him and Tom came into view down below .
tr	I	That pain would be waiting for him , ready to pounce , and it would end too soon no matter what he did .
tr	I	There 's a rule you can only stay one night , and Evil sticks far away due to the enchantments around it .
tr	O	直到天黑我们都在练习，改变旋律，改变音高，并且最后，我们完成了曲目列表。
tr	I	She wouldn 't have done anything to jeopardize Aden 's health , but she might have gone to see her brother .
tr	I	I don 't remember that , really , but they said I tried to get out .
tr	O	窗外的海洋如此浩瀚，而且我所能想到的就是那份清单就在某个地方。
tr	I	No , he had to find the perfect one but there were so many other people he could have hired to cover for Jenna .
tr	O	他向我的头挥舞过来，但是我很快就制止了他。
tr	O	这里的玻璃很暗，甚至不是因为脏，而是因为它太黑了以至于几乎不透明。
tr	I	She waved at the rows of cars and they rounded a high hedge which had hidden the parking lot .
tr	O	我宣布，并且那似乎能让每个人重新充满活力。
tr	O	她以为她只是想象他被袭击的那个晚上看起来像那样，但是现在她知道她错了。
tr	I	You have someone to take care of you and I 'm here .
tr	I	There 's no way I 'm going to squander it and I feel like I have been given a second chance to prove myself .
tr	I	I remembered the look on Trenton 's face , and my eyes filled with tears as my mind replayed the scene .
tr	O	杰弗里也曾想过同样的问题，而且他不喜欢他的怀疑。
tr	O	他一提到这事，我就立刻自告奋勇了，而且我很高兴今天早上能有这个消遣。
tr	I	There was no other way to do it , but I 'm sorry I left under false pretences .
tr	I	Each man stated he had not seen Timmy anywhere , but he approached the others .
tr	O	在一个优美的瞬间，它蹲伏了下来，并且它们两个面对面了。
tr	O	我跑进了谷仓，并且我想到了那些马。
tr	O	画廊里总是挤满了嘲笑的人群，而且库尔特永远不会在他们中间找到一个朋友。
tr	I	He shoved it aside , but Guilt rose .
tr	O	沉重的脚步声从他身后传来，并且他感觉到一只手抓住了他的手臂。
tr	I	I can 't help it , but I know I 'm strong .
tr	O	我没有准备好迎接那同时辐射全身的剧痛，但是我确保刀子刺穿了过去。
tr	I	It treats her engine right , but it may be more expensive .
tr	I	His face softened and he looked up .
tr	O	我感觉体内有一个巨大的沸腾的火山，而且它正要喷发出炽热的岩浆。
tr	I	I spent most of the time asleep , and whatever was in the sweet tonic Walter kept pouring down my throat worked .
tr	O	他可能没有一个王国，但是兰是个国王。
tr	I	No one had seen it in over two months , but okay , so I 'd neglected my sacred place .
tr	O	她知道他不会高兴，但是她必须做点什么。
tr	O	他不知道他一直在期待什么，但是当那把磨损的扶手椅依旧显眼地空着时，他几乎没有感到惊讶。
tr	O	他紧绷下巴的方式表明他比表现出来的有更强烈的情绪反应，但是茉莉没有理会。
tr	O	你没有呼吸，并且我们找不到心跳。
tr	O	运气好的话她会很快输掉筹码，并且游戏就会结束。
tr	O	他的拇指温暖地摩擦着我的脸颊，并且他稳定的目光表明他不介意我的恐惧。
tr	O	他的一缕头发垂了下来，并且我抵制住将它捋回原位的冲动。
tr	I	A wash of lamplight flooded in , and the door grated open a crack .
tr	I	They needed that OR and there was an emergency .
tr	O	同情心紧紧揪着她的心，并且艾斯利伸出手触碰他的脸。
tr	O	她希望他不会待太久，但是她知道男人有时在浴室里能待很久很久。
tr	I	She missed him horribly , and she had only seen him once in the last couple of weeks .
tr	I	It showed on his face and he hadn 't been sleeping well at night .
tr	I	I ducked behind a tree , and Mrs. Caputo 's car came around the corner .
tr	I	I had no right to give it , and I 'd taken life .
tr	O	卢把那张纸放在艾伦手里，并且艾伦出去把他的割草机从车库里拖出来。
tr	O	我大概有十年没有真正和她交流了，而且她似乎一点都没有变老。
tr	I	A law enforcement officer second and Walt was a politician first .
tr	O	他们拥有一切，然而他们还想要更多。
tr	O	他们知道它的力量，并且他们知道它对变形者的力量。
tr	O	墨西哥最终放弃了对伯利兹的控制，但是那次入侵的余波扩散到了南美洲。
tr	I	She still had an allergy to hospitals , but she probably should have had them augmented like everyone else in her Miami circle .
tr	I	I nodded as I stuffed my battered member back into my pants gingerly and she made a face .
tr	O	如果你有问题，就直说，并且我就走了。
tr	I	Had one of the worst personalities of all the people I have ever seen and I was not a good guy .
tr	I	I snapped out of my reverie , and Lightning lit up the sky , followed by a symphony of thunder .
tr	I	It was his first case back from behind a desk , but it wasn 't his first case back since his surgery .
tr	O	我对汽车一无所知，但是我至少可以假装一下。
tr	O	他的表情变得严肃，而且他眼里的光芒也消退了。
tr	O	我就是这片土地，并且这片土地就是我。
tr	I	I 'll call you later , but I have to go .
tr	I	She thought he might be smiling at her , but she wasn 't sure .
tr	I	I walk over to put on my shoes and I let my hands drop to my sides .
tr	O	手都举了起来，而且内特开始指着人请他们提问。
tr	O	我本该先报警的，但是有事让我打电话给她。
tr	I	He was in charge , and like she was the weak one , the charity case .
tr	O	兰德的脸僵住了，而且他只是微微脸红，转过身不看他们。
tr	I	Her nail just scraped off the top but she poked it to try break the ice .
tr	O	那个叛徒确实有个软弱的下巴，然而其中一个黑发男子却几乎没有下巴。
tr	I	She couldn 't give me friends , but mom could give me an education .
tr	I	She brushes my fingertips with hers and I reach out my hand .
tr	O	一群人涌进门，而且几分钟内，这里就人满为患。
tr	I	We still don 't know what the charm does and it is charmed by a demon .
tr	O	这让我很恼火，但是我不能让她激怒我。
tr	I	She realized that she had begun to lean out over the stone parapet , and Ashe 's concerned voice sounded in her ear .
tr	I	It was stupid of me to linger on the stairs with Kiran , and it was stupid of me to rush up the stairs so quickly .
tr	O	抓着他的头并将他紧紧抱住，当我们接近最后时刻时——如此紧张，如此难以置信。
tr	O	赫德森的声音沙哑了，并且我再次紧贴着他磨蹭。
tr	O	它并非真是一棵树的想法持续存在，然而一棵树却是她所能理解的最佳表征。
tr	I	I cried out , panting and he nipped at my fingers .
tr	O	就他们而言，这是一个薄弱的过渡，但是它目前似乎让卡尔德很满意。
tr	O	他看着她的眉毛紧锁并且她的眼睛闪烁。
tr	I	We sat on the couch together and he carried me to the living room .
tr	O	你已经有了学位，并且这会给你一个不错的经济缓冲。
tr	O	我的肩膀钝痛着，仿佛在强调我的思绪，但是我知道这只是我的回忆引起的余波。
tr	O	我知道你不是仙女，但是他们确实对你起到了改变作用。
tr	O	几分钟内，特克斯就驾驶着路虎揽胜疾驰而过，戴着墨镜，注意力完全集中在前方。
tr	O	这个世界只需要一场叛乱，并且那是一场针对这些叛乱者的叛乱。
tr	O	他的双手向下搭在他的大腿上，并且他的目光牢牢地注视着眼前发生的一切。
tr	O	我有我自己的消息来源，并且他们告诉我你有一个你称之为“苹果”的东西，那是你几年前在西斯廷教堂下面发现的。
tr	O	密歇根潮湿的空气加剧了他们的痛苦，并且他也不期待漫长的十二小时工作日。
tr	I	He didn 't feel anything , and his nerve endings had calmed .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but Mary knew she was screaming .
tr	I	The girl 's eyes seemed to follow her , but she held the locket away from her face .
tr	O	疯罗根的人花了一个多小时才把我们拉出来，并且警察又拘留了我们一个小时进行审讯。
tr	O	他们帮她站了起来，并且她的双腿摇摇晃晃。
tr	O	她定于下周三做她的演示文稿，并且她知道这会成功。
tr	O	突然间她的项链开始发光，并且她惊讶地睁大了眼睛。
tr	I	No sound came out , but she mouthed the last word .
tr	I	Color brought the image to life , but the black work laid the foundation .
tr	O	在我的王国里事情远非易事，但是有几件事帮助我们度过了这场灾难。
tr	I	Mr. Clearwater thinks he can get two more homes done this summer beyond those planned , and a big grant came in .
tr	I	Conor noticed a hint of a tattoo winding away into his sleeve , but his animal was not evident .
tr	I	She blushed even harder and her eyes widened again .
tr	I	She could feel him trying to penetrate her mind and his steely eyes narrowed on Cassandra with intense interest .
tr	I	I think my adrenaline was still in full force playing out every moment in my head , but I tried to sleep while my family slept .
tr	O	他的目光落到我的嘴唇上，并且我舔了舔它们，期待着我知道他想分享的吻。
tr	O	房子看起来异常整洁，并且罗丝不在那里。
tr	O	凯伦和我在一起，但是她没有帮忙。
tr	I	She reeled backward on the platform of the ladder , and she was panting , out of breath .
tr	I	He 's free , and I 've spoken to Darren .
tr	I	Her thong is too revealing and the shirt 's too short .
tr	O	两年前我参加了一个派对，并且一个美丽的女人抓住了我的手。
tr	I	The two women mounted and the men waited as the horses were brought .
tr	O	他看起来不高兴，但是他闭口不言。
tr	O	拉贾本来就不喜欢布莱斯，但是他主要是为了克拉丽斯才说的。
tr	I	The door is slipping back into place and soon the entire cell is vibrating with the warning .
tr	O	她的下巴掉了下来，并且她瘫坐在沙发上。
tr	O	我们丢弃了一个行李袋里的东西，并且琼斯用房子里的小枕头把它塞满了。
tr	I	We 'll always be together and I want to tell her that she 's right , that I 'll never leave .
tr	I	Tandy a vintner with a notorious father , and cornwallis was now Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .
tr	I	You love me , and I love you .
tr	I	She definitely could create effect , and she could be dramatic , too .
tr	I	It had kept me alive this long , but yes , I was probably being paranoid .
tr	O	她当然不会喜欢那样，但是他不在乎。
tr	I	Only he could do it and they had to be stopped .
tr	O	门开了，并且安迪见过的最大个的男人填满了门原先的空隙。
tr	O	他挂了电话，并且我用手指耙过我的头发。
tr	I	Couples begin to disappear from the dance floor without returning , and the night gets late .
tr	I	It sounded pathetic , and I had half a page written .
tr	I	The flames shot up the stone instantly , heading to lick at the ceiling and she slammed her hands against the nearby wall .
tr	O	她惹了他不高兴不过，并且这个提醒立刻让她清醒过来。
tr	O	如果我确定能做到，我就会把我们所有人都传送过去，但是我们的小组异常庞大。
tr	O	她一开始是为了保护他免受坏消息的困扰，但是欺骗是一条会让你打滑的冰冷道路。
tr	O	当前屏幕消失了，并且另一个取代了它的位置。
tr	I	We 'll take care of it now and I need to know who you owe .
tr	I	Sirens sounded and lights flashed .
tr	I	There were some who were more powerful , and she knew there were others like him .
tr	O	比尔戴着耳机，并且音乐在他耳中大作，沉浸在他的编程世界里。
tr	I	Kenny wants to be outside , but the December day is crisp .
tr	I	Her head said yes , but no , her heart said .
tr	O	她试图抓住安娜的胳膊肘把她引向她的帐篷，但是她的手穿了过去。
tr	I	Some people cared , but I know it must 've been hard to see that .
tr	I	There was a ball forming in the depths of my pharynx , nearly crippling it and my throat felt tight .
tr	O	塔尼亚示意汤姆向前走，并且他照做了。
tr	O	他没有试图阻止我，并且那只更激励了我。
tr	O	然后笑容又回来了，但是他却摇着头。
tr	O	我正面对着宙斯，并且哈迪斯在我身后。
tr	O	克劳迪娅的眼睛睁开了，并且她直盯着艾丽娅。
tr	I	The fight on the beach is out of my control , and I can only be in one place at a time .
tr	O	我知道你的观点，并且我理解你的愤怒。
tr	O	我转身，并且妈妈模糊的脸正透过病床的栏杆看着。
tr	I	She gave me her attention and I gave her my time .
tr	I	I was going to stick with that , and my initial reaction had been right .
tr	I	Davidson passed it off with a remark , but Baker looked surprised .
tr	O	人群再次发出吼声，而且唯一缺少的就是响亮的音乐。
tr	I	I really think I hated him right then , and Apollo showed no reaction .
tr	I	Right this moment he is sitting , sipping his whiskey , but when he stands the whole world can see it .
tr	O	我不知道从老奥斯汀到新奥斯汀的具体距离，但是走起来并不太远。
tr	O	在克里斯平来不及回答之前，弗朗西斯再次站了起来，并且抓住克里斯平的胳膊，简直把他从座位上拽了出来。
tr	I	I reached round behind me to pull out the food , but I flushed .
tr	O	我感到如此湿润，并且他的舌头在我里面感觉如此美妙。
tr	O	他猛挥了两下，并且我听到一声可怕的裂响。
tr	I	Micah waved her off but Jules lifted her stick as I got closer .
tr	O	那会让她发火，并且每个人都会知道这件事。
tr	I	He 'd have to spend something to rebuild readership , but of course , Colin 's changes would cost money .
tr	O	我没告诉弗里德里希，但是他问了我好多关于你的问题。
tr	I	The curb was congested with street peddlers , and people still walked rapidly in both directions .
tr	I	Then she guessed it was part of his profession to do so , but the man was really thinking ahead .
tr	O	远处瑞秋能听到响亮的钟声，并且然后，沉默片刻后，炮声响起。
tr	O	当他转过身，她站着，并且他止不住笑容。
tr	O	我们度过了一个愉快的夜晚，但是我对仆人的缺乏感到疑惑。
tr	O	安妮·玛丽希望她尽可能多地保留，并且艾伦抓住每一个机会练习，尤其是在巴克斯特身上。
tr	O	你可能还记得无头骑士是个黑森人，但是我跑题了。
tr	O	它砰地一声离开了，并且我感觉更像自己了。
tr	I	The door unlocked and he swiped it through the reader .
tr	I	Valentine kicked it hard , sending it skittering under the table as Luke collapsed and it hit the floor with a hollow clang .
tr	O	她的头靠在他的胸膛上，并且她火红的头发搔痒着他的皮肤。
tr	I	I hesitate on the edge of the crowd , but it looks like a fun time .
tr	I	Suddenly they heard two men 's voices coming up the stairs , and they waited about ten minutes .
tr	I	The weight of the unknown lifted , and a tiny smile broke inside me .
tr	O	她放松地躺着，但是她的脸因痛苦而扭曲。
tr	O	他的指尖触碰到我的嘴唇，并且我为他张开了嘴。
tr	I	The newlyweds dramatically contrasted each other , and they married on her twenty-third birthday .
tr	I	Once it started moving they decided to visit the various cars , but The found their seats on the train easily .
tr	O	诺亚问道，当他的眼泪消失了，并且微笑又回到了他善良的脸上时。
tr	O	爸爸在我十岁左右的时候失踪了，并且妈妈为了维持生计兼了两份工作。
tr	O	哈丁顿寻找他失散多年的孙子已经有一段时间了，并且现在他有两名声称者作为客人住在他的房子里。
tr	O	它很重，但是她几乎没有感觉到。
tr	I	If he could 've without hurting her , he would 've scooped her up and a laugh burst from him .
tr	O	我需要睡眠，而且我非常需要。
tr	I	I imagine it would be like holding a huge slippery bag of marbles , but I have never touched him .
tr	I	She was too angry to speak , but an outraged squeak escaped her lips .
tr	O	那让克拉丽斯暂时冷静下来，并且她扫视了房间。
tr	O	他尴尬地低声说了声再见，并且我离开时点了点头。
tr	I	She missed her next step , and the action jolted her .
tr	I	Then I realize I 'm happy to be on my own , but I consider waiting for him .
tr	O	他的手指间伸展着一层薄膜，并且明显的鳞片沿着他的前臂上部蜿蜒而下。
tr	O	德文应该已经离开了，但是他想听听他们是否说了关于他的什么。
tr	I	We both start laughing and she looks over at me .
tr	O	阿什兰提前几分钟敲响了我的门，但是幸好我已经准备好了。
tr	I	The skin at the back of my neck crawled like it always did when someone was watching me , and the silence grew heavy .
tr	I	There 's no need to sit in some hotel room , waiting for us , and you don 't have a ticket for the show .
tr	I	The computer was asleep , and the gate was empty .
tr	I	I woke up with my memory returning , and I was dreaming about it .
tr	I	That was not something I wanted to discuss at the moment , but I wanted him as mentally with me as he could be .
tr	O	他比他母亲的颜色更棕，并且他的鬃毛是他母亲头发的金黄色。
tr	O	爸爸递给我一杯水，并且我喝了一半。
tr	I	You need fear nothing , and Trust everything to Him .
tr	I	You will not see the light of day and you will not escape me !
tr	I	Then I stopped after a few paces because I could now see almost nothing in the pitch dark interior , but I moved inside .
tr	O	他能感觉到她在他的怀里颤抖，但是他仍然紧紧地、安抚地抱着她。
tr	I	I hold up my finger , but she starts to say something .
tr	O	罗斯笑了，但是里面却没有一丝欢乐。
tr	I	She knows I know she knows and she knows .
tr	I	That confirmed his own suspicion , and she looked pale .
tr	I	I think I know why , but you didn 't call again .
tr	I	Then stopped when I got near the bottom , and I ran past her , down the hill .
tr	I	He kicked at the swivel chair with one violent motion , clenching his fist , and his face was contorted .
tr	O	他试图给她打针，但是她也拒绝了。
tr	I	Under it her voice was shaking , but she sounded huffy .
tr	O	她的语气很强硬，并且我羞怯地低下了头。
tr	I	She would not , but she wanted to cry in frustration at the hand that fate dealt her .
tr	O	她的眼睛眯着，但是她看起来也很害怕。
tr	I	If I enter through the shop , Mom will know , but this way in is only for emergencies .
tr	O	罗恩快速转弯，并且莎拉滑向了门。
tr	O	我不确定，但是我相信这样就行了。
tr	I	It spread out over quite an area , but the two-story building wasn 't large .
tr	I	No one on his staff would work , but he needed a new spy .
tr	I	Jack repeated his words calmly and my eyes flew open .
tr	I	He gazed down at the woman he loved and the door clicked as Julie walked back out .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and he wasn 't mine .
tr	O	很难抗拒他，但是我知道我必须这样做。
tr	I	The fire in his dark eyes nearly roasted her and he shot her a look filled with sexual intent .
tr	I	The great wall of the Preserve was breached for a hundred meters in either direction and much of the main compound aboveground was incinerated in the fireball .
tr	O	哦，她很会逗人，并且我上钩了。
tr	I	He couldn 't even think about going on without her , and Kara had become his life .
tr	I	A small beep announced the opening of a discreet panel in the door and he tapped in a six figure code .
tr	I	We soon get into the rhythm , but it is quiet an effort at first .
tr	I	They listened to Victoria 's voice and he set the phone on the coffee table .
tr	O	墙壁上垂挂着白色天鹅绒，并且地板是抛光的乌木。
tr	O	多姆的枪又响了，并且我把身体紧贴在隧道墙上。
tr	I	I 'm not , but I thought I was ready .
tr	O	我和一只蜘蛛说话了，并且接下来，我弟弟就出现了。
tr	O	月亮已经躲到树梢后面了，但是看起来太阳还没打算升起来。
tr	I	A cool breeze plays at Elaine 's white curtains and Shelton had opened all the windows in the house .
tr	O	克里斯给了他足够的喘息空间，但是这就像通过搅拌吸管吸气一样。
tr	O	我已经被注意到了，并且他正对着我笑。
tr	I	Selena 's voice halted me , but I started to rise up onto my elbows , sighing in relief .
tr	O	这一击可能已经摧毁了身体，但是栖息在其中的灵魂将不会受到影响。
tr	O	我必须教，并且你必须学。
tr	I	Carrying others , but a mister might lift smaller objects ?
tr	O	怒火在他漆黑的眼睛里闪现，并且他做出了明显的努力来镇定自己。
tr	O	甚至他的手指都很干净，并且他闻起来有淡淡的肥皂味。
tr	O	她之前表现出的快乐消失了，而且现在她处于一种忧郁的状态。
tr	I	I knew it and he was right .
tr	I	It tugged at her sleeve but she tried to ignore it .
tr	I	I feel his hand on my shoulder and the strain flows out of his voice .
tr	I	She did recognize the stamp of confidence he carried , the complete self-possession , but raven didn 't recognize him .
tr	O	我邀请特蕾莎过来，站在妈妈旁边，但是她婉言拒绝了。
tr	O	肖恩能保护我，并且我今晚需要他。
tr	O	无数机智的顶嘴涌上我的心头，但是我把它们压制住了。
tr	O	护士对他的问题感到惊讶，而且她的脸上掠过一丝困惑。
tr	O	检察官无法亲手挑选陪审团，但是科恩可以重新唤起操纵陪审团的幽灵。
tr	I	My scabbard was empty , but I leapt to my feet , reaching for the rapier at my belt .
tr	O	那是现实，而且沉溺于幻想中没有未来。
tr	I	My face unpleasantly flushed , and I felt stripped bear .
tr	I	You can almost see how happy they are to be together , and they 're friendly with one another .
tr	O	她戴上了头盔，但是面罩是向上掀开的，当她跨骑在摩托车上时。
tr	I	His bruises are almost gone and his ribs have healed up .
tr	O	它重达一吨，并且你不能带走它。
tr	I	Ty knew he was processing , but Zane hadn 't said anything .
tr	I	They become like sharks on a feeding frenzy and this is when a competition chromosome kicks in .
tr	I	Sally did not , but Bart remained indifferent .
tr	I	She blinked rapidly to break away from his mesmerizing spell , and Jaxon felt a little lost .
tr	I	I believe they shape who we are and we all make poor choices from time to time .
tr	O	订婚戒指对我来说有其意义，并且我不想玷污它。
tr	I	For a moment he appears self-conscious and the corner of Anthony 's lips twitches .
tr	O	她妩媚而心照不宣地对他一笑，并且然后她张开了嘴唇。
tr	I	He breathed in deeply and his hands rested on his flat stomach .
tr	I	She soon joined in and we both laughed at her .
tr	O	我不知道该怎么办，并且我还有两个孩子要照顾。
tr	O	门随即敞开，并且赫钦森夫人迈步走了进来，卡罗琳紧随其后，喋喋不休。
tr	O	兰德震惊不已，但是兰德并没有疯。
tr	O	她又吻了他一次，但是他却猛地抽身而退。
tr	I	Most of his attraction was in his big personality , but he was attractive .
tr	I	I wanted to snap at her , ask her where she wanted me to begin , and it seemed like a ridiculous question .
tr	I	She helped him take it off her and he slipped his hand below her shirt .
tr	I	I had no way to tell her that , but tex I NEEDED MO TO move a little to the right .
tr	O	我们走了好几天，但是感觉像好几周。
tr	I	Cory wasn 't buying it , but Allen 's tone was friendly .
tr	I	He 'll die or he needs this .
tr	I	I swayed as my body screamed for me to get away from him , and my eyes fell shut .
tr	O	这是他的机会，也许是他唯一的机会，而且他不想一败涂地。
tr	I	This was one of those clouded moments and the uncertainty created a paused calculation of the obvious .
tr	I	My skin prickle everywhere , and the cool air hit my body like a wall of ice .
tr	O	我的朋友们知道很多关于我的过去，但是我把叔叔的变态倾向藏在心里。
tr	I	I fall , and half way down the stairs , my legs give out on me .
tr	O	他不确定在没有妻子的情况下如何熬过接下来的几周，但是带她一起走太危险了。
tr	O	安装工正在把管道恢复正常，而且他意识到一个重要的时刻已经过去。
tr	O	刺骨的寒冷刺入我的手指并爬上我的手臂。
tr	O	芬恩的表情很放松，但是他坐得很直，双脚着地。
tr	I	He stubbornly declared otherwise , but Ashe was ambivalent about it .
tr	I	Jackson could see a dingy furnished home full of what looked like heavily used thrift store furniture and a second later the room was full of light .
tr	I	She had to do what she could to make this go away , but his sympathy made her feel guilty for shading the truth .
tr	I	I was sitting there in my clothes waiting for her and Lor came in that morning .
tr	O	这对我来说是个新闻，然而这并不令我惊讶。
tr	O	世界似乎静止了，并且我艰难地咽了咽口水。
tr	I	Slide on fresh lip gloss while waiting for him and I glance at my watch a few times .
tr	O	我能扭动我的右手，但是仅此而已。
tr	O	她从马上下来了，并且其余的维京人也下了马。
tr	O	我对你期望更高，但是覆水难收。
tr	O	她的言语本意是富有同情心的，但是她的眼里却毫无情感。
tr	O	海雯久久地凝视着他的眼睛，并且她能感觉到那种连接的引力每过一秒就变得更强。
tr	I	One of the thugs shoved a gag in the policeman 's mouth just then , but he might 've said something .
tr	O	那是我的借口，并且我会坚持这个。
tr	O	他又给了丹尼尔一击，并且丹尼尔重重地摔在了地上。
tr	I	He cut her off , but she went to speak .
tr	O	我猜它远非完美，但是片刻间我忘记了。
tr	I	He held out his hands and his shoulders drooped .
tr	O	我的心跳得飞快，并且我的胃紧张地绞痛，随着艾什的脚步声跟着我进入房间。
tr	O	我只能猜测他真正的身份，但是吸血鬼在我的名单之首。
tr	O	即使我也不知道这些谣言的来源，但是如果理查德相信了它们，他可能会认为你是一个叛徒。
tr	O	我的心跳加快了，但是我保持了冷静。
tr	I	I have to , but you don 't need to watch .
tr	I	His green eyes met mine and he pulled back .
tr	O	她对他不好，非常不好，并且他似乎不在乎她在玩弄他的思想。
tr	O	彼得爱着劳拉，并且那永远不会改变。
tr	I	We were all there for the same purpose , but sure , some I knew better than others .
tr	O	探测车只有一个气闸，并且卧室连接在上面。
tr	O	她觉得这一切才刚刚开始，并且他正伴随着一声呻吟轻轻地推开她。
tr	O	他希望她相信这个想法，但是她的目光离开了他的。
tr	I	He knew and Sebastian looked at her .
tr	I	All my anger melted away and I gazed into Devin 's pleading eyes .
tr	I	It would have to do , but it was slightly too long .
tr	I	I did not know why , but I , at that young age , only understood that her mood had changed .
tr	O	她意识到挣扎毫无用处，但是也许她可以用言语哄他。
tr	I	She surges forward , listening and I whisper to her for speed .
tr	I	We left Light Land and once everyone was gone from the trial room Claire opened a portal .
tr	I	He had to buy an extra moment , but Jake shivered in his armor .
tr	O	另一方面，她可能希望他吻她，并且他缺乏回应可能会造成更大的冒犯。
tr	I	It seemed the traffic lights were against me , but I prayed for a red light to pause us on our trip .
tr	I	It was no use , but she tried to run faster .
tr	O	他按下了电灯开关，并且我本能地闭上了眼睛，因为灯光刺得我睁不开眼。
tr	I	Jeff leaned down to open the door for her , and the cab pulled up next to them .
tr	I	I could see real fear behind his eyes as he came to a startling conclusion , and he looked over at me .
tr	O	他们让Shadow很痛苦，并且他们知道这一点。
tr	I	They helped get me an early release if I remained in their custody and the Jedi needed all the pilots they could get .
tr	I	You could still see the writing , but most of the paint was scratched off the embossed moon .
tr	I	It was hard for me , but I wanted to flirt back .
tr	I	Something nameless steaming from somewhere deep inside the animal but she smelled the dog , too : not just its fur .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be right much longer , but she hated when he was right .
tr	O	留下来的诱惑很强烈，但是她不能让他因为她而颠覆自己的生活。
tr	I	His other hand slid down to play with the waist of my shorts and one of his hands slid up to cup the back of my head .
tr	O	你不了解我，因为你无法将你的思想与我的融合，但是，我能读取你的思想，你的记忆。
tr	O	我也有梦境障碍问题，并且它们使得稳定的长期关系变得非常困难。
tr	I	It 's weird to feel so alone , but I know he 's never far away .
tr	I	Their robes remained tight against their forms and despite everything their cheeks glowed with vigor .
tr	I	They can 't stop it , but they slowed the Flare down .
tr	I	He saw her number coming up every time , and it had caller ID , certainly .
tr	O	杰森很确定他知道接下来会发生什么，并且这让他胃里翻腾。
tr	O	她穿过巨型树干上开凿的门进入，并且其他人也跟着进去了，发现他们身处一家旅馆的公共休息室。
tr	I	She didn 't want to let go of the comforter , but she wanted to rub her eyes .
tr	O	甜美的果汁触碰到我的舌头，并且我迅速喝了更多。
tr	O	一辆警车停在消防车旁边，并且警长巴德·迪尔伯恩从驾驶座下来了。
tr	O	打开舱口，并且他们下去了。
tr	O	这个女人都不是这些，但是为了这个她非常重要的事业，她可以成为。
tr	O	突然他们停了下来，并且当他盯着他们看时，他们仍然一动不动。
tr	I	David refused to acknowledge it but Noelle 's eyelids fluttered in response to his voice .
tr	O	我试图吐出来，但是一只手捂住了我的嘴。
tr	O	伊布拉欣能暂时让他看起来像个人，但是连他也不知道如何真正把我父亲变回来。
tr	I	We were almost ready , and the party was tomorrow .
tr	I	The police just left my office , but I 'm sorry to bother you .
tr	I	He took a step back and Sali 's eyes were wide .
tr	I	I scrambled to get to the door , nearly tripping on my shoes laying on the floor in the process , and there was a second knock .
tr	O	这很奇怪，但是她突然对此确信无疑。
tr	I	Magically becoming the Sean Kendrick I saw in the butcher shop as he does and he shrugs the jacket on , suddenly .
tr	I	My heels click on the polished floor and I swallow hard as I step out .
tr	O	我肩膀上的压力难以忍受，并且我发现呼吸困难。
tr	I	Instead she rolled away after knocking him down , but Damien expected claws to tear down his stomach .
tr	O	办公室里还有两把椅子，并且他把它们并排放好，这样他就可以坐在上面了。
tr	I	You 'll see the tarmac when you round the corner and keep walking along the building -- to the left -- .
tr	I	Adela gave him a questioning glance , and there was a beat of silence .
tr	I	Perhaps she 'd occasionally gone to him or she assumed he 'd come back for Sharon .
tr	O	它在他的爪子下稍微下陷，并且这让他慢了一点。
tr	O	他们使用了过高的电压，并且她的心脏立刻停止了跳动。
tr	I	The man mentioned something about a stirred anthill and the boy asked what all the fuss was about .
tr	O	朱莉对他们所遭受的一切感到愤怒，但是撇开阿曼达·拜尔的药物引起的精神错乱不谈，这次旅行从未是她设计的。
tr	I	Her eyes stared at my shoes and she turned back .
tr	I	The need for blood are bound together and it will push your control until the need for release .
tr	I	He shoved it back down but the word rang in his head loudly .
tr	O	我踮起脚尖，伸出手臂，但是 我就是够不着。
tr	O	薇薇安说了我一直在安慰自己的那些话，但是 仍然显得不够。
tr	I	It wasn 't because of Percy , and there was only one reason they 'd play a stodgy election party .
tr	I	Matt had to restrain himself from kissing her right then , and she asked , a little frown wrinkling her forehead .
tr	I	It was about time I did something about it , and I was done with that part of my life .
tr	O	他正看着乔，但是 她知道他看的不是她。
tr	I	The smell of gardenia mixed with beer envelops me , and a cluster of tiny tea lights twinkle from a marble console table .
tr	I	They don 't really like us because of that , but Alex is bold enough to ask them to stop .
tr	O	她点了点头，并且 她的目光落在了她的左手上。
tr	O	为了和我在一起，他愿意放弃全世界，但是 事情没那么简单。
tr	I	He told them all of his childhood as a frog and the New Toad had many toad children .
tr	I	We have not had a chance to see how much , yet ; but he has changed .
tr	O	他弟弟没事，但是 他差点就死了。
tr	O	我们在阳台上抽烟，并且 他正小口喝着啤酒，而我则在喝汽水。
tr	O	我默默地递给他一些口香糖，并且 他伸出双手来接。
tr	I	No matter what happened , at least I had my friend back , but things weren 't anywhere near perfect .
tr	O	他可以自己做这件事，但是如果我来做他会感觉更好。
tr	O	牵着她的手，他走到一边，并且她滑进了驾驶座。
tr	I	My mind immediately jumped to conclusions that he was already making a move and I sensed that Marshall was behind me .
tr	I	The damage wasn 't enough , but Blood 's running down my knuckles .
tr	I	We could have gone upstairs , or the office seems pretty soundproof .
tr	I	There were fresh stitches along the hairline and her nose appeared to have been broken .
tr	O	他一天晚上做了一个梦，并且在梦中上帝对他说话。
tr	I	Being a leader is still an ill-fitting coat on you , but men have followed you because of your name .
tr	O	他想起了弗兰克，他曾在一年前去世，并且他妈妈的声音再次响起，将他从绝望中解救出来。
tr	I	I haven 't been this comfortable in a long time and I am relaxed .
tr	O	我知道这起初很难接受，但是我建议我们至少听听布奇怎么说。
tr	I	I stayed crouched so that I could keep my balance , and it took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the brilliant moon .
tr	I	A ladder was being extended to the road and a hatch opened .
tr	O	当我击中她的胸部时她会发出咕噜声，但是这并没有阻止她紧紧抱住我。
tr	O	他的脸颊变红了，但是他笑了。
tr	I	He gripped my waist to take control of my movements , and my pace quickened as I felt my own orgasm build .
tr	O	确保你和你妈妈安全，我会感觉更好。
tr	I	It siphoned off the resources needed to do the job , and though good information was possible , bad information was guaranteed .
tr	O	他非常希望菲尔能看到这个地方，但是他现在不能把菲尔带到这里来。
tr	I	She gripped her mallet 's handle tighter and her eyes widened .
tr	I	It makes me feel like such a fraud , and she tells me all the time that I 'm a good man .
tr	O	它猛地动了一下，但是我把刀尖抵在了它纤细的身体上。
tr	O	没有哪个自重的法官会给那些东西高分，但是它们看起来很厉害所以狂欢节观众很喜欢。
tr	I	I glance down at him and my eyes begin to open slowly .
tr	I	I knew I would be someday , but I wasn 't really Kai then !
tr	O	我像其他人一样害怕死亡，但是这只是我的父亲。
tr	O	发生的一切几乎摧毁了他，而且它把我吓死了。
tr	I	She was smart enough to recognize the time for a healthy retreat , but she didn 't know why she was so drawn to this man .
tr	O	只是现在他正指着战场，而且很明显他的意图是什么。
tr	O	第二组也同样热情，她和他们一起笑，渴望给予他们她给第一组的鼓励。
tr	O	她的心快要炸开了，但是她坚持住了。
tr	I	All she could think about was how amazing his touch felt , but he could rip her throat out faster than she could blink .
tr	I	It wasn 't what she wanted , but she may have loved me .
tr	I	It was standard procedure , but none of the individuals on the top floor was thought to be carrying any weapons .
tr	O	布兰登可能不再是他的首席顾问了，但是他仍然是很好的谈话对象。
tr	O	门关上了，并且我们又上去了。
tr	O	他发现自己想给她带来美好和快乐，这让他颇为烦恼。
tr	I	Now I give you more , and your gift is strong already .
tr	O	我的眼睛闭上了一秒，并且我猛地又睁开了。
tr	I	It could only be the fault of the kitsune , and Because Elena had abruptly been absent from his company .
tr	O	瑞安躺在她身边睡着了，但是她另一边没有人。
tr	O	他发出一声叹息，并且丹妮卡发誓她感觉那薄荷味的呼吸遍布她敏感的全身。
tr	I	It 's comfortable and we don 't have to speak at all .
tr	O	路易丝仔细查看他的脸，看是否有任何情感波动，但是什么也没有。
tr	I	This is really important , but I know it 's not what you 're used to .
tr	O	我知道他没告诉我真相，但是我没有追问。
tr	I	He was too embarrassed to say otherwise , but Sneed wasn 't even his real name .
tr	I	She was fast asleep and her mouth was open .
tr	O	你是我的孩子，住在我家屋檐下，并且这是我让你用的手机。
tr	I	He didn 't let me , but I tried to pull back , not wanting to wear the ugly thing in front of him .
tr	I	Scott drew down his arms and the thunder stopped .
tr	I	It doesn 't quite fit anymore and I feel uncomfortable , like I have shifted in my skin .
tr	I	This time there was more of an edge to the woman 's voice , but she was formal , as usual .
tr	O	起初我以为他没看见我，但是偶尔我发现他在看我。
tr	O	我向前猛冲，并且钢化玻璃在我耳边碎裂，当我把斯坦格推过窗户时。
tr	O	他不是最灵活的球员，但是当有前锋向他逼近时，他没有问题让自己变得庞大。
tr	O	几个人向他喊着再来一个，但是他从未停下他坚定的走下舞台的步伐。
tr	O	那是一个空泛的问题，但是我不知道还能说什么。
tr	I	He didn 't pick up but she called Brownie earlier .
tr	O	艾米牵起莎拉的手，并且两人转身离开了。
tr	O	他的手离开了我的下巴，并且他的眉毛皱了起来。
tr	O	我努力不扭动身体来避开他的脸，但是这几乎不可能。
tr	O	我内心的每个部分都告诉我你是个好人，本，但是我只是需要确认一下。
tr	I	Her life was over , and she was eighteen years old .
tr	I	The tendons beneath were like solid steel , and his skin was hot to the touch .
tr	I	Yet right from the beginning I 'd been hungry for his , and I 'd lived twenty-one years without the touch of a man .
tr	O	我回头看了看她，并且她鼓励地对我笑了笑。
tr	O	他打了个响指，并且她的鬼魂立刻出现在他身边。
tr	I	There was blood soaked into them , and his clothes were cut , too .
tr	I	I was officially ready to move on , and it was blown .
tr	O	他的眼睛火焰更高了，并且他向我移动。
tr	I	She felt her heart swell at his thoughtfulness , and she realized he had left them there so she could see he had kept his word .
tr	O	她试图做出迷人的歉意姿态，但是这对我没用。
tr	O	我能感觉到它的力量在增长，并且我的另一半正在溃败。
tr	O	莉娅试图自卫，但是她的尾巴被固定住了。
tr	I	He had me pinned , but I tried to get up again .
tr	I	She shivered and his cool fingers sent a tiny jolt over her skin .
tr	O	奥特里一直是唯一的递送系统，并且他是唯一一个，我们希望，知道这里发生什么的人。
tr	O	他应该在任何地方都能认出它，然而他失败了。
tr	I	He looked guilty , but he didn 't admit it .
tr	O	我们都过于敏感，但是对于我来说，我无法隐藏它。
tr	O	我转身好能看到格温，并且显然我有大新闻。
tr	I	They made a determined effort to work together whenever possible , and strangely enough , the men got along well .
tr	O	她一直坚守着他，正如她所说她会那样，并且那不是提出紧迫问题的时候。
tr	O	他抱我过了马路，并且然后小心地把我放在宝马的副驾驶座上。
tr	O	他像自动驾驶一样行动着，但是每走一步，他都感到焦虑在增长。
tr	O	布里开始挣扎反抗他，并且查德想冲她喊叫，让她不要这样做。
tr	I	Then we were whisked away by some unknown force , and there was a bright flash of light .
tr	I	He followed her gaze , coming to rest on the tips of her shoes , and Julie was looking toward the floor of the truck .
tr	I	His eyes were full of life , but his body may have been an uncooperative husk .
tr	I	I 'm focused on him and he 's focused on cooking .
tr	O	孤儿们像老鼠一样挤满了街道，并且我变成了一只非常聪明的老鼠。
tr	O	它属于我的老板玛吉，但是她的丈夫给她买了一个新的。
tr	I	He chose not to and Liam wasn 't sure he could live with that on his conscience if he had the chance to save a life .
tr	O	我现在在开玩笑，并且里斯翻了个白眼。
tr	O	卓伊感到血液在她血管里涌动，随着她和她的朋友们向斯图尔特前进。
tr	I	Her heart would melt and in the middle of a meeting she would suddenly think about Philip .
tr	I	I made my good-byes , and butters came back in .
tr	O	她想就此事质问他，但是那样她会显得小气。
tr	I	There was still room in her heart for human feelings , but she 'd committed herself to Lord Loss by that stage .
tr	I	It seemed that things were changing , but Vincent might have been a bad boy once .
tr	O	如果我有一秒钟空闲，我会用我能唤出的所有火力攻击他，但是我没有。
tr	I	His corpse had not been discovered in time to send a replacement , and he had failed to eliminate Smith .
tr	O	帕特里克的语气变得严肃，并且安斯利倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	他能看到火焰之墙向吸血鬼圈移动，但是他们毫不在意。
tr	I	I didn 't argue , and she took my elbow .
tr	O	它稍微下滑了一点，并且我闭上眼睛，任由清新的凉风轻拂我的脸。
tr	I	I 'm sure I softened a few , but I may not have turned their bones to water .
tr	I	There were plenty available , but several were being used .
tr	I	For weeks there 's a complete blank and I look back at my notes .
tr	O	那个女孩来路易斯维尔是为了做一件事，并且那不是为了观看肯塔基赛马。
tr	O	我无需多看，因为她会一整天都属于我，并且没人能改变这一点。
tr	I	Your doing so for that matter - after what I did - or I mean , not that I deserve his even talking to me .
tr	I	Jason soon followed his example , and Talon had fallen asleep quickly after a long day of riding .
tr	I	She just shuddered against him for a while , and Bernard held her , drawing her into his arms .
tr	I	It was all the hope I had , but it had been a long shot , too much to hope for .
tr	I	I started to skim through the book on the ghosts and the book on the ghosts I extinguished the TV .
tr	O	她的双臂环住我的腰，并且她把我拉向她。
tr	O	他曾尝试做点什么来帮忙，但是他得知无事可做。
tr	I	Sarah wouldn 't allow it , but John begged for a fire .
tr	I	It signals the approach of evil but the breeze feels good .
tr	O	简也只有一本关于朱莉娅·华莱士的书，而且在那里面我也没有找到任何信息。
tr	I	I was sure I didn 't want to be crossing jungle rivers for the rest of my life and at 23 I knew I was over trained .
tr	O	她不确定，并且在这一刻，她不知道该告诉他什么。
tr	O	他没有睁开眼睛，而且他的呼吸也没有变化。
tr	O	也许斯宾塞应该更介意他没有相信她的话，但是这感觉像是付出了太多情感上的努力。
tr	O	剧痛撕扯着我，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	I kept quiet until he had started the truck , and Noah handed me in .
tr	O	她看起来很平静，但是她的脚却在弹动，这并不令人惊讶。
tr	I	In the end , it is not much comfort at all , and I say the only thing I can think of to comfort her .
tr	I	I suppose I can 't be mad at the instruments of Fate and the Fates decreed hard times for them .
tr	O	我等着，并且她叹了口气。
tr	I	Saluting the commander who 'd just promoted him and firming his stance a bit .
tr	O	我不值得凯莉那样对我，但是我好转了。
tr	I	Let 's just say it didn 't end well , and she came to my room one night , naked .
tr	I	Silver is standing too close for comfort , and I turn back around .
tr	I	He didn 't want to give up his extracurricular activities , but he needed to have a beautiful wife to produce beautiful children .
tr	I	One of them ended up dying and he hoped that this would all come to an end before the police arrived .
tr	O	他本应该回到温莎病房外的走廊里，但是这感觉就像他身处一座冰岛火山内部。
tr	I	He 'd be more respectful , but not that Hazel would be any more gentle if he got the chance .
tr	O	她想对他发火，但是他举止中的某种东西化解了她的怒气。
tr	O	他试图收回他的力量，但是已经太迟了。
tr	I	He turned even more pasty , but didn 't think it was possible .
tr	I	Bureaucracy was never efficient , and Police involvement equaled bureaucracy .
tr	I	There was no direct route to get there , and it was at the other end of town .
tr	O	骄傲和那希望一起在我心中升起，并且我感觉比几周以来任何时候都好。
tr	I	I really wished he hadn 't because the laugh sounded more appropriate for a menacing villain from a horror flick and Taller dude laughed .
tr	O	房间里很吵，但是枪声会轻易地淹没这一切。
tr	O	他不明白，但是他开始明白了。
tr	I	I can see the bones where my father 's hand had been just before he snapped them and its neck hangs haphazardly to one side .
tr	I	She has an aggressive form of lung cancer , but I pray for Nona every day .
tr	I	There was no humor behind his eyes , but he grinned .
tr	O	至少她不是步行，或者但愿别是搭便车。
tr	I	I won 't ever be and I 'm not with her .
tr	O	乐队的其他人也许能够假装什么都没发生，但是杰克斯反复无常、古怪的行为让我很担心。
tr	O	她找到插销，转动，并且顶盖的一半慢慢打开了。
tr	O	是的，我喜欢取笑他，让他难堪，但是我不想让他真的摔倒。
tr	I	She went on the roller coasters at Great Adventure , the adrenaline rushing , feeling alive and she felt like she did when she was a girl .
tr	I	There was an older woman standing beside the door instead , but when I stepped inside I expected to see Miles .
tr	O	病人很年轻，当然，而且有时候年轻人确实会好转。
tr	I	She pushed on , but her thighs burned .
tr	I	He nods and I ask .
tr	O	她对莫妮克也有一些话要说，但是她小心翼翼地说了。
tr	O	我非常确定凯文对我的感觉，但是我真的不知道他的父母是不是只是出于好意。
tr	O	他的手抓得很紧，但是萨凡纳并不在意。
tr	O	他长长的黑色睫毛低垂着，并且他的脸颊泛着红晕。
tr	O	我的信心高涨，并且我感觉世界正在融化到我的掌控之中。
tr	I	Life lives everywhere that life can , but it was a quiet , black nightmare world .
tr	O	挖出骑士并取走他们的头颅。
tr	I	Now she was suspicious , especially after what Kevin said , but under another circumstances she would 've taken them without a second thought .
tr	O	他的信对她来说意义非凡，并且她收藏了他从六岁起写的每一张感谢信。
tr	O	发生了一场打斗，并且萨布丽娜受了重伤。
tr	O	我绕过桌子把钱包扔进抽屉，并且萨姆站了起来。
tr	O	卡迈恩走向门口，但是萨尔瓦多的尖锐声音在半路阻止了他。
tr	I	I couldn 't give it to him , but he needs a reason to keep on living , just like Landon needed !
tr	O	她从未想过将其作为武器，但是她仍然熟练地使用了它。
tr	I	I smiled as well and he managed to smile .
tr	I	I never left the hospital once during the whole thing , but all the RN 's were put on 24 hour call .
tr	O	好运正向她飞来，并且如果她放慢脚步足以抓住其中一部分，那旅程将是惊人的。
tr	I	I should be a politician and it was obvious Johanna had grown fond of this idea that we should get married .
tr	O	他的牙齿轻轻地拉扯着她的乳头，并且他的舌头舔舐着，在他用力吸吮之前。
tr	O	她强迫自己后退一步，但是她的双腿不听使唤。
tr	I	It was too late , but I cried .
tr	O	伊恩再次吻了她，并且她回应了，她的嘴唇为他而变得柔软，双手寻找着他的身体。
tr	O	堂娜离开了，并且伊森进入了他的办公室。
tr	O	它更小，并且没有壁炉。
tr	O	他露出了一个令人安心的微笑，并且他走向了大门。
tr	I	The music drifted through and the door to the ballroom opened .
tr	I	For a long moment , nothing came out , but my mouth opened .
tr	O	他在他们上方大笑，并且声音在他们周围回荡，像灌满水的洞穴中的海浪一样隆隆作响。
tr	O	水不够热，无法真正让他暖和过来，但是至少它没有冷到会把他冻僵。
tr	I	A tongue swiped out , catching Grayling along his firm , square chin and ears flopped .
tr	I	Part of my leg was numb , and my neck ached .
tr	I	His features softened into a boyish charm that could melt the heart of anything female , and the amused gleam in his eyes was breathtaking .
tr	O	我们已经约会了几个月，当我们走过体育馆时，并且马蒂建议我们去尝试秋千舞俱乐部。
tr	O	我们发现迈伦坐在他的办公室里，并且我问现在是不是一个适合谈话的时间。
tr	O	我不知道这朵玫瑰是否也代表她，但是我不能问。
tr	I	He couldn 't help looking in , but another brick fell nearby .
tr	I	He ignored it , but he felt a bruise on his cheekbone throb painfully as it pressed against the unyielding surface .
tr	O	他们看起来完全不合时宜，但是我明白那是不可能的。
tr	O	他们的独生女在本和他的母亲搬进来的时候已经长大了。
tr	O	她讨厌自己感到愚蠢，并且她能感觉到这个女人正在慢慢地失去对她的尊重。
tr	O	不止一次，他回过头却发现身后没有人，但是鲍比国王知道有些不对劲。
tr	O	每天都和前一天一样，但是这天会与众不同。
tr	I	It felt like months but it was only a week ago .
tr	O	女士们，把所有关于男人的烦恼都拿出来，并且这都归结于骄傲。
tr	I	I watched his nostrils flare repeatedly as he attempted to get his anger under control , and Blood tinged his mouth .
tr	O	这让我很担心，因为我父亲内心也有仇恨，并且这几乎让我妈妈崩溃。
tr	I	It felt as solid as a rock , but I even kicked the old fireplace .
tr	O	潘多拉说道，并且他点了点头。
tr	O	我内心的一切都在尖叫着要逃跑，要立刻离开，回到我的世界，但是我不能。
tr	I	His fingers wrapped around her palm , and she reached out awkwardly .
tr	I	Like a caveman , he threw me over his shoulder , and his hands had found their way back to my bottom .
tr	O	这不是他的问题，并且也不是他的错。
tr	I	She was seconds away from performing a death-defying move and she walked on the tips of her toes , like the roof was a tightrope .
tr	O	前一刻他们还在冥界外面，并且下一刻他们就已经在她的公寓里了。
tr	I	It wasn 't a victory more a landmark , but I overcame the pain that night .
tr	I	It 'll be worth it , but it 's gon na hurt .
tr	O	只是生活还要继续，并且我也正在努力这样做。
tr	I	He 's slipped because of it , and he 's had a tough life .
tr	I	We fit well together but none of us is perfect .
tr	I	He wanted to , but he wouldn 't .
tr	O	英军内部曾进行过一场搜捕，并且很快就有士兵站出来，提供了布朗曾酒后吹嘘自己犯下罪行的信息。
tr	O	我在一家潮人酒吧停下来喝了几杯啤酒，但是这却只让我感觉自己更像个陌生人。
tr	I	He looked startled and his eyebrows shot up .
tr	I	Her body began to tingle , and her heart started to race .
tr	I	He carried her to his bed and she fell asleep in his arms .
tr	I	This is creeping me out big time , but I 'm not easily spooked .
tr	O	我对莱利出现感到生气，但是我却努力告诉自己我不在乎。
tr	I	He 'll let you in the room , and the desk clerk is a guy named Andy .
tr	I	Sophie saw , upon turning around , that her aunt had not crossed the doorway and her voice was shaky .
tr	O	她已经学会了自立，并且她现在不能牺牲这来之不易的阵地。
tr	O	她很害怕，但是她现在感觉自己强大多了。
tr	I	You need to understand that it 's as new to me as it is to you , but you keep trying to belittle what we have .
tr	O	她感到临盆的冲动袭来，并且她为分娩做好了心理准备。
tr	O	更多的怒火在我心中燃烧，但是我在脸上堆起了笑容。
tr	I	If there is , the Germans that ambushed us have warned them about us and there could be a Kraut company nearby .
tr	O	稍后我试着给海蒂打电话，但是她没有接。
tr	I	I know exactly how to help him , but I have no idea what it is .
tr	O	我试图忍住笑声，但是不幸的是，这导致我大声地哼了一声。
tr	O	我的眼睛布满血丝，并且我甚至没有梳头发。
tr	I	I prefer to take only one member from each community , but I am aware that your council selected a few names .
tr	O	我以前从未与她分开过，并且我担心她会因我的离开而非常难过。
tr	I	They must have been slavering away at their keyboard because I got my answer seconds later and I sent the query .
tr	O	埃丽卡又点了点头，并且康妮离开了。
tr	I	The smoldering light in his eyes stole her breath , and Hugh turned from the window .
tr	I	That thug is hurting her and there she is .
tr	I	I touched his fist with my fist , but I wasn 't sure what to do .
tr	O	他一点都不当真，并且我知道。
tr	O	他的脸仍然苍白，但是 我不想追究这个问题。
tr	I	Trajan was forced to eat a medium steak instead of a rare one but Ashe didn 't mind that his prime rib had cooked a little more .
tr	O	我们已经施洗了成千上万的新成员，并且 教堂每天都在开放。
tr	I	I managed to force a small one , but smiling back at her seemed like such a huge project .
tr	I	Never attached to an actual person , but she 'd sensed such things before .
tr	I	For some reason they just pour out , but I try to filter the words that come out of my mouth .
tr	O	她又读了一遍，并且 这一次，她没有把它放回花丛中，而是把它放进了钱包里妥善保管。
tr	O	羊水从她儿子周围的羊膜囊中熟练地抽出，并且 针头被拔出。
tr	I	I had to ask , but the question seemed ridiculous .
tr	O	一个人走了过来，并且 伊洛娜立刻认出了他。
tr	O	我将目光从波戈身上移开，并且 他在门咔哒一声关上时叫了起来。
tr	O	他走了出去，并且 门关上了。
tr	I	He set his site on the only viable target within range and the irritation which had been building the last few days bubbled up within Dan .
tr	I	She was right but he tried to laugh it off .
tr	O	他打出更重的一拳，但是 我仍然轻松地避开了。
tr	O	我大发雷霆离开会更好，但是她很好地应对了梯子。
tr	O	这不打扰我，但是我必须走了。
tr	O	这次我等到妻子出门了，并且我获得了一点安宁。
tr	I	No words come out this time but he opened his mouth to speak .
tr	O	森林里，我的脑海中，有一种存在，并且它让我震惊不已。
tr	O	我越来越了解她，并且我每天都觉得和她更亲近了。
tr	I	She jumped at the sound , and her coat rustled against the single windowpane in the front door .
tr	O	她抬起一个门闩，并且光线从地板下传来。
tr	I	Then he swung her deftly in a semicircle as the band moved into the next song , but he sensed her resistance for a moment .
tr	O	上方开阔的天空变暗了，并且臃肿的云朵沉降在房屋周围。
tr	O	扎拉嘲笑了她大部分的建议，但是其中一些却留在了她的脑海里。
tr	I	It shouldn 't be shortened , and I think it 's a beautiful name .
tr	O	Nate亲吻了我的嘴唇，并且我什么感觉都没有。
tr	I	I wondered how the food tasted , and it was fairly modern with lots of art on the walls .
tr	I	I missed my pink wine coolers that Finn had always kept stocked for me , but it tasted okay .
tr	O	他打开了灯，并且我发出了嘶嘶声。
tr	I	He groaned in approval , and I used my legs to move with his thrusts .
tr	I	After this rain , it would be , and the corn was almost ready for picking .
tr	I	I immediately check the small inside pocket of the duffel bag and together we go back to the room .
tr	I	Radioactivity shot them into a whole new game , but he also didn 't seem to get that leaching chemicals was bad enough .
tr	I	I was glad I wasn 't one of the clueless , and I thought how stupid people were , how oblivious .
tr	I	He stopped struggling and Cassandra placed her hand on his shoulder .
tr	O	我摇了摇头，并且她给了我一个斜视。
tr	I	As I 'd just proved , he wasn 't insurmountable , but yes , they had Bob posted at the front gate .
tr	I	No sound came out , but I opened my mouth to speak .
tr	O	未知的事物表面上可能看起来很刺激，但是当你靠近中心时，你会发现一个无趣的东西。
tr	O	他知道这对退休夫妇手头拮据，而且不断增加的医疗账单肯定会让情况变得更加艰难。
tr	O	我对他所说的话感到尴尬，但是同时我觉得受到了侮辱。
tr	O	她的手臂环绕着他的脖子，并且她不想放手。
tr	O	她的表情变得清晰，但是她什么也没说。
tr	O	热气从注满水的浴缸中升腾而起，并且玫瑰的香气飘入她的鼻中。
tr	O	她的脸因困惑而皱起，并且她把我推开，抬起手臂，仿佛要继续与我搏斗。
tr	O	邻居挥了挥手，并且巴克斯特也挥手回应。
tr	I	Lora held up her hand and Ian started to speak .
tr	I	I felt the blood dry upon my skin and a breeze rolled in from an open window .
tr	O	手牵手走在街上，有一阵子感觉很美好，但是最终我们不得不进屋避寒。
tr	O	他一时没有动弹，并且她知道他的目光停留在她的脸上。
tr	I	Pop-Tarts were totally out of the question , and they still couldn 't make decent tequila .
tr	I	Sarah had not had the nerve to ask how but the woman who sold it to her had just lost her son .
tr	O	他只用了片刻就到达了峡谷顶部，并且回头看时，他没有看到骑手的任何踪迹。
tr	I	His body goes limp in an instant , and he puts up a fight until the unholy soldier gives Logan 's neck a squeeze .
tr	O	它勉强足够遮住他，但是一种紧迫感使他顾不上自己的不雅。
tr	I	All eyes turn to me , and he motions in my direction .
tr	O	你可以反抗这个，但是你必须听我说的话。
tr	I	I reached for my cuffs , relief flooding me and he hit his knees .
tr	O	你仍然会回来，并且我会比以前早一点找到你。
tr	I	She said nothing , but Patty was devastated .
tr	O	她伸出戴手套的手指去描摹它们，但是肖恩阻止了她。
tr	I	Her dark window loomed on her wall , but her eyes had adjusted to the room .
tr	I	The carpet was disgusting and very little natural light made it through the windows .
tr	O	麦克注意到另一个女人有多矮，并且一阵不安全感揪住了她的心。
tr	I	I swear I saw the broken window but this is more than likely another urban myth coming up .
tr	I	Speed knew this was not possible , but the voice seemed to have a british accent .
tr	I	He actually saw red around the edges of his vision and Garrett 's mind splintered a little .
tr	O	他试图重新获得某种控制，但是那没有用。
tr	I	My breathing became more labored and my heart rate sped up .
tr	I	She understood was a potion but then she found a tiny vial of clear liquid that could have been holy water .
tr	O	我必须来办公室，并且她一句话也没说。
tr	I	There was no sign of him , but he glanced quickly around the room , half expecting to see Bobby lurking in a corner somewhere .
tr	O	芬坦的胸膛挺了起来，并且他感觉高了十英尺。
tr	O	那是一种，他知道，不带个人感情的问候，但是他不在乎。
tr	I	From the mechanical speakers the dry whisper sounded again , and as if in agreement , the paper-thin lips moved .
tr	I	I 'll be ready to go , and just give me a couple minutes .
tr	I	She forbade herself to lose her sensibility and her breath caught in her lungs .
tr	O	我知道你为了我来到棕榈泉，但是我觉得是时候让你改变一些事情了。
tr	I	Now the only thing I saw were large black spots , and I couldn 't seem to voice a complaint , though .
tr	I	It fell limply to the earth below unseen as it passed below the treetops and it was more than the first could withstand .
tr	I	Then there was a sudden explosion of words spoken in Italian , and Ashley took a deep breath .
tr	O	她一直想创立自己的服装设计系列，并且我的梦想一直是成为一名建筑师。
tr	O	他的脚踩在最高一级的横档上，并且他正俯身，挡住了我的路。
tr	I	Evie could see crusts of dry blood on the ends and her hair was matted with sweat .
tr	I	We mine together sometimes and he sleeps one bunk below me .
tr	I	Edwina fetched us fresh martinis and Stephanie plonked down beside me .
tr	O	泪水现在正不停地顺着她的脸颊流下，并且她甚至哽咽了一下。
tr	O	他停顿了一下，并且他的脸变得坚毅起来。
tr	O	门关上了，并且杰斯打开了书。
tr	O	他可能刚刚污染了下面的犯罪现场，但是他却毫不在意。
tr	I	I can 't afford to waste any more time and I 'm a very busy person .
tr	O	他抓着她手指的力道松开了，并且一丝看起来像后悔的闪光在他的眼中一闪而过。
tr	O	有一声叹息，并且如果他没弄错，那是一个隐约带着责备的叹息。
tr	O	我会让自己变得一无所有，而且那样卢瑟就不会想要我，因为将没有什么值得想要的了。
tr	I	Her lips parted in surprise , and he didn 't realize he 'd called her by her first name until her blue eyes turned to midnight .
tr	I	My name shot from her lips as her body went wild and she shook wildly .
tr	O	她笑了，但是其中带着一丝痛苦。
tr	O	我抬头看着他，而且他回给我的笑容融化了我所有的不确定。
tr	I	He suppressed it , but he was filled with panic .
tr	I	He yelped , and I grabbed Mack 's arm .
tr	O	他知道自己要去哪里，但是他想享受此刻。
tr	I	It was just endless white , endless nothing , but I looked around , hoping for some clue as to how to get out .
tr	I	He caught it with his , and a small moan escaped her mouth .
tr	I	I couldn 't be ' Ashley ' either and I couldn 't be who I was before .
tr	I	Nothing else seemed to disturb the quiet night but the slight whistling of the wind through the sails made a haunting noise .
tr	I	Baldwin has none to offer , but he pauses for an answer .
tr	I	It only repulsed , but Thomas ran his hand down my arm to soothe .
tr	O	光线由顶部的熔炉产生，而且塔楼主要用坚实的石灰石块建造。
tr	I	Apparently none of them were important because Gabriel was gone in the blink of an eye , but goodness had a long list of questions .
tr	I	She was jarred out of her cell and before Zoe had time to resist , his fingers had clamped down on her shoulder .
tr	O	这让船上的士兵都笑了，而且那个印第安人，依然微笑着，转向了他们。
tr	I	The sound was a hiss , and he exhaled .
tr	O	裘德轻声笑了，但是路德维希没有。
tr	O	我也让我的嘴唇微微张开，而且很快我们的舌头就交织在一起。
tr	O	他们可能无法从身体上接触到他，但是疼痛依然在戒指中跳动。
tr	I	She should have expected to be sore the first day and she was coming back from an injury .
tr	O	一阵尴尬的沉默在他们之间生根，并且他们都没有再就此话题说一个字。
tr	O	她实际上并没有残疾，但是从各方面来看，她也和残疾无异了。
tr	O	现在我们看到了由一种新生物制造的新结构，并且再次难以想象它是如何被制造出来的。
tr	I	Only then would they touch me , and she would explain .
tr	I	They are now talking of forming a cult , and it 's sickening to see them treating this as some sort of entertainment .
tr	I	Her lack of professionalism infuriated her , and all she could think about was his big , naked body under that blanket .
tr	I	I couldn 't say that I didn 't like it , and those eyes were undressing me .
tr	I	She needed it fast , and right now she needed blood .
tr	I	She is also short , but Gigi is perfect .
tr	I	They could talk about something else , and she hoped Priscilla had forgotten what she was saying .
tr	O	这意味着他很愚蠢，并且她不和愚蠢的男人约会。
tr	I	I didn 't like this , not one bit , and it was more like a hazy conception of both .
tr	O	麦克奈尔皱眉，用手帕往下探去，但是他没有像他想的那样擦拭靴子，而是把它递给了莉娜。
tr	I	She was his mate , but she might not be a wolf .
tr	I	I still don 't relish his screams of pain , but he might be one of the people who offered Jeanine Matthews the attack simulation .
tr	I	He introduced her as his new countess , and the locals all hailed Sawyer by name .
tr	I	I feel like a fat hobo and every imperfection I have stands out .
tr	O	记忆它花了超过五秒钟，并且很快地，塔尼亚就能更频繁地击中莉亚了。
tr	O	他比她矮五英尺八英寸，但是就一个十一岁的孩子而言，他正在形成很好的体格。
tr	O	她的声音很随意，但是我闻到了一股阴谋的味道。
tr	I	Everyone is on a first name basis and we 're not very formal in here .
tr	I	Diego saw that the land was bathed in fog , but the light was gray like dawn .
tr	O	他对她的问题感到惊讶，但是他没有动。
tr	O	乌龟妈妈向下看了一眼她的儿子，并且他从她的身形阴影下移开了。
tr	O	她的声音让我不寒而栗，并且我从詹姆斯的姿势看得出来他知道他的威胁没有达到预期效果。
tr	I	She wasn 't coming up with many options , but she 'd been circling various help wanted advertisements .
tr	O	毕竟，彼得是查德的兄弟，但是当他离开时，他们立刻跳出来帮助她。
tr	I	The crowd had had a sudden change of heart , hurrying out of range , and archers atop the gate had let loose a few warning arrows .
tr	O	在那之后他们有段时间没有打架，但是这可能是因为她在这里待了太长时间。
tr	I	Luckily no one is here to witness it , but I 'm also grinning like an idiot .
tr	I	Tasting her wasn 't something he was willing to wait to do any longer , but Kincaid would probably curse himself later .
tr	I	Her voice is like music to me and I can barely make out her form .
tr	I	That 's it , then it 's too late , and then tomorrow morning they will come for you .
tr	I	I almost forgot to do the one thing that makes me sane and she has my mind racing in a million different directions .
tr	O	书一碰到火焰他们的身体就僵硬了，并且随着它燃烧，他们也燃烧起来。
tr	O	他曾确信联邦调查局很快就会逮捕她，但是媒体上没有任何报道。
tr	O	我不知道彼得进城旅行想要什么，但是那肯定不是好事。
tr	I	He kissed her tenderly -- her eyes , her chin , her mouth , and she looked up at him .
tr	O	有一种新的活力感、幸福感，并且科莱特感到精力充沛。
tr	I	Abby has become family , and the women in our family are really close .
tr	O	西蒙现在可以看到房间比他想象的还要大，而且家具也非常豪华。
tr	O	释放她的冲动在他体内嘶吼，但是他紧紧抓住，挤压着她的臀部。
tr	I	Now we face the Franks , but we have stolen some of the Frisian lands .
tr	I	She was still aching , desperate for him even now and she 'd been making love to Alec in her dreams .
tr	O	有些关于独家报道的事情，而且我差点就想换台了。
tr	I	Chase looked down at the man for a split second and Jimmy moaned .
tr	O	许多图书管理员似乎认为枪声来自被围困的城市，并且他们正在面向穹顶布阵。
tr	I	It didn 't take long for her to follow his lead , but she had only danced with him that one time at the bar .
tr	I	A few wisps of mist still curled around the tree trunks and when they reached the wood it was cool under the trees .
tr	I	He thought it might be Latin for depart , but Brody wasn 't sure .
tr	I	The clasp fell away and her fingers trembled .
tr	I	The man was a bit intimidating , but she knew he was her uncle .
tr	I	That was my mistake , and I let the needy female in me want more .
tr	I	This ... this was one of them , but I hadn 't allowed myself to miss many things while I was away .
tr	O	他们已经等了将近一个小时，而且由于她紧张的姿势，她的腿开始抽筋了。
tr	I	His wide chest expanded when he inhaled , and he lifted a cigarette to his mouth .
tr	I	Kingsley was immediately the designated jungle gym , and Anthony , I knew , had never seen a man this big in his life .
tr	I	When we were together , we were at her place , and we always lived apart .
tr	I	She couldn 't seem to move , but she wanted to go to them .
tr	O	我不知道你是怎么安排的，但是你竟然连这个都注入了肾上腺素。
tr	O	钟声从里面响起，并且突然双扇门吱呀一声开了。
tr	O	古德先生将开路至中间的方尖碑，并且格洛丽小姐将跟随。
tr	I	There are many words I don 't know , and My German is only fair .
tr	I	When my brain processed his words , my mouth hung open in disbelief , but it took a minute for what he said to register .
tr	I	I raced back into the stacks , and my bare feet seemed to move of their own accord .
tr	O	明知她能缓解他的饥饿，但是保持距离正在折磨他。
tr	I	There was a full house and Friday night rolled around .
tr	I	When you got back , I was going to accept your choice , and I swore to myself that I wouldn 't call you .
tr	O	他关切地问道，并且他们又都笑了。
tr	O	这很好，并且我饿了。
tr	I	It did need to end , but it didn 't make sense .
tr	O	浓雾再次将我吞噬，并且我眼前只有一片黑暗。
tr	I	It quickly halted , but he heard his sister stirring in the other room .
tr	I	The entire building seemed to quake and the elevator shook on its cable .
tr	O	他们玩了一个瑞安选择的游戏，并且蒂米接着为她选了一本书。
tr	I	She stepped inside , and the elevator arrived .
tr	O	他发出一声呻吟，并且他冲出了大楼。
tr	I	They continued on and she pointed them north .
tr	I	It looked like she might not have come back from lunch , but he 'd been waiting to see her for over an hour .
tr	I	She would succeed , and she had this situation under control .
tr	O	她被单独留下了，而且她也被留下了空虚。
tr	I	Aunt Tabby was pouring some tea , and everyone was sitting around the table .
tr	I	Timmy had promised he would not miss the post-show festivities , and it was growing later by the moment .
tr	O	凯德在毕晓普给他处理时反复呻吟，但是我无法忍心去看。
tr	I	No one knew this better than the woman standing before me , and it was the ability to celebrate that was worth the celebration .
tr	I	The feelings he 'd evoked hadn 't faded , but it 'd been over a week .
tr	I	The tea was even hotter and the cup was very hot .
tr	I	She 'd known that going in , but not an easy thing to do .
tr	O	他说过他们很强硬，并且他们也刚刚证明了他说得没错。
tr	O	我的心跳快得几乎察觉不到，并且我等到关上他办公室的门才敢再次呼吸，生怕我会暴露自己。
tr	I	I couldn 't allow him that advantage , and I could see it in his eyes .
tr	I	Maybe she could reason with her , but Angelica couldn 't battle the woman .
tr	O	只用了几分钟就回到了其他人身边，但是等我们到达时，我的牙齿已经不由自主地打颤了。
tr	I	I was too afraid to go , but he asked me to accompany him .
tr	O	她试图说话，但是一个字也说不出来。
tr	O	他没系领带，而且他脖颈上粗壮、筋腱凸显的线条在浅蓝色衬衫的敞开领口下格外突出。
tr	O	他看到了她走过来，但是他现在不是个问题了。
tr	I	I assumed he 'd saved it for last with a good reason , and he pointed to the closed door at the end of the hall .
tr	I	I didn 't really leave the parking lot and I was only gone for about fifteen minutes .
tr	O	每个人都有非常令人信服的理论，不管怎样， 但是没有人似乎知道任何真相。
tr	I	I thought she was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen and Avril wore a white dress that seemed to shimmer with her aura .
tr	I	It was her eyes that drew you in , but her mahogany hair was stark against luminescent skin .
tr	O	她没有把自己盖好， 但是她被裹在被子里。
tr	O	他漆黑的眼睛变得像闪闪发光的黑曜石， 并且他羞愧地把头从她身边转开。
tr	I	I was at a loss and the blood trail stopped .
tr	O	它不像塔利斯（Tallis）的触碰那样火热， 但是事情确实在升温。
tr	O	现在是午餐时间， 并且看着庭院里洪水般的雨量，很明显卡玛（Karma）以糟糕的天气进行了报复。
tr	I	I do enough crazy stuff in my forays into the tunnels , but it 's not a very ambitious schedule .
tr	O	他感觉到她在他的手下颤抖， 但是她没有抽开。
tr	I	At least she had cheered me up , but I didn 't think I was that funny .
tr	O	她想对他尖叫， 但是从她唇间滑出的只有一声哽咽的低吟。
tr	O	他的脸沉了下去， 并且他把头转开了。
tr	I	He went in anyway , wandering over to her desk , but she wasn 't in her rooms .
tr	O	我们没能怎么出去玩，并且我需要新鞋上体育课。
tr	O	他们加入了口号的合唱，但是他们为政府记录了一切。
tr	O	他吼叫着，并且我差点尿裤子。
tr	O	第二发子弹也打偏了，并且我手忙脚乱地去拿我的爆破杖。
tr	I	Telling them how badly I had misjudged Chad was embarrassing , but I had friends back home .
tr	O	城市在下方飞速掠过，并且那些建筑提供了完美的景观。
tr	O	仿佛是替他做决定，她抬起头，并且她的嘴唇擦过他的。
tr	I	She bent over to the opposite side of the bed to put her empty glass on the floor and it was her turn to sigh .
tr	O	我惊得下巴都掉了，并且我盯着看。
tr	I	You will be dead a week later and you stand one hour by the lake .
tr	O	当那有了回报，他投资了其他有梦想的人，并且在此过程中他积累了数百万。
tr	I	The women began to pick the corn , and the sun had dried out the field .
tr	I	He did , but I don 't know how he could 've known I 'd found something to concentrate on .
tr	I	She told her to wait in the garden , and Mandy had to talk to her father first .
tr	O	他的报告文件显示他们在一起待了很长时间，但是他们没有告诉他他们在做什么。
tr	I	He nodded at me and Callum 's eyes widened .
tr	I	She looked away from me for a second and her eyes looked slightly distressed .
tr	O	服务员走过来，并且我点了一杯咖啡。
tr	I	Nothing can hurt her now , but I know it 's awful .
tr	I	It was a tough one for me to swallow , but Jill had a point .
tr	O	事故发生前，朱迪会说她能处理任何事情，但是悲痛已经压垮了她。
tr	I	She had to share a bathroom with the girl in the next room , and it was snug .
tr	O	她感到他的嘴唇触碰着她的脖颈侧面，并且她呻吟了一声。
tr	I	Besides , she would only be wasting her breath on an unruly boy like Crispin Ballard , and she was too tired to argue .
tr	O	一小队士兵严阵以待，并且另一名军官跪在地上，两名士兵守卫着他。
tr	I	Hopelessness chokes me until I pass out and dark thoughts start rolling through my mind .
tr	I	Then another spasm of pain came , but I tried to lift my head to catch a glimpse .
tr	O	我已经累到可以睡着了，但是我与疲惫抗争着。
tr	I	The car seemed to stop at every corner , and Chapter 3 The streets were busier than usual .
tr	I	I was beginning to feel a distinct sense of unease about the whole thing , but I had no idea where this was going .
tr	I	The vibrations buzzed through her ears , but she could not see his lips .
tr	I	She knew enough to let her beauty do her work for her , sometimes , but it was not a real smile .
tr	I	He nodded , and Sophie repeated .
tr	O	丽兹让车速慢了下来，并且芬把他的能力集中在他们身后。
tr	O	他会攻击，并且我会倒下。
tr	O	他的双臂交叉着，并且他靠在墙上。
tr	I	Then Mr. Whitman fell to the floor like a felled oak tree , and it made an ugly , dull thud .
tr	O	我不愿去想它，但是现在无法感受到任何东西会非常有用，因为我正变得歇斯底里。
tr	O	我本该走开的，但是我却情不自禁。
tr	I	He was considerably calmer and by the time Joe made it home that night , the day 's drama had drained him .
tr	O	她像一个破损的洋娃娃，并且他碰触她的任何地方都会疼痛。
tr	I	Then he looked down at my hand , and Denver dwindled into silence .
tr	O	天气很好，并且他们都玩得很开心。
tr	I	He 'd gotten to pretend he was an evolved , strong alpha , and the vamps had gotten rid of the bodies for Jeremiah .
tr	I	Her eyes were saucers and her mouth hung open .
tr	O	这听起来像一个科幻情节，而且科幻是他最不喜欢的类型。
tr	I	Lara was like no one he had ever known , but he had been involved with more than his share of beautiful women .
tr	O	我潜入最近的图书馆桌子下面，并且那个生物落在了桌子上，而不是我身上。
tr	I	My head stops spinning and we brave the storm together until my breathing slows .
tr	I	There didn 't appear to be a door into it , and it was behind the wall to the right of the entrance .
tr	I	Jason 's plan was complete and morning came .
tr	I	I knew it was too much of a risk to let the monster he 'd become run loose , but I wanted to spare him .
tr	O	Pasha想提出反对，因为食物很美味，但是Straus一个字也没听进去。
tr	O	那人看起来很委屈，但是他终于服从了。
tr	O	她停顿了一下，并且他看到她挣扎着说出话来。
tr	O	那对胃部不适总是有效的，而且Alexa说你可能因为脑震荡而恶心。
tr	I	I loved him very much so I just let him and he was very gentle .
tr	I	I touch my lips with my fingers , and my hands raise of their own volition .
tr	O	黛拉不能肯定，但是她已经拒绝了他的血。
tr	O	我 G 0 0 G 说过我会为我的族群做任何事，并且我是认真的。
tr	O	我再次被拉回祭坛，但是这次我很平静。
tr	I	The men immediately headed for the dining room and the timer on the oven went off .
tr	O	她的神经都绷紧了，而且她知道她与亚历山大濒临崩溃的边缘。
tr	I	I still need to catch up on Avery 's notes , and we 're going ahead with the first test on Friday .
tr	O	我伸出我的左手，并且他把那件精美的首饰推到位了。
tr	I	The Angel had never come , and Christine 's hopes had been raised numbers of times in the past few years .
tr	I	Water now filled the interior , and an entire side was missing .
tr	O	瑞安为了他探路者的工作立刻去了跳伞学校，并且他把这一切都告诉了杰克。
tr	O	月光轻柔地拂过他脸上雕刻般的轮廓，并且我因他脸上的表情而倒吸一口凉气。
tr	O	我害怕我会崩溃，但是我无法摆脱你。
tr	O	雅各布在谈论完成这些自行车，但是他的描述变得越来越专业，所以我没有仔细听。
tr	I	He decided to let her continue with it , but he could guess what was going to be her question .
tr	I	I intend to stay out , and War was my best way out .
tr	I	The plan took careful layout , and when we did stonework , it was of the richest kind , when matching the marble pavers took patience .
tr	I	They couldn 't know that , but Danika was not a friend .
tr	I	I stumbled , the edge of my sneaker splashing at the edge of the pool of bodies , and the wind increased .
tr	O	他跑到她几分钟前拐进去的那条街上，但是没有任何她的踪影。
tr	I	His adorable mop of sandy hair falls in his eyes and he shakes his head .
tr	I	I realized this wouldn 't be funny to him and he looked horrified .
tr	I	Whatever it was , he kept it to himself , but something was on his mind , nagging at him .
tr	I	It was too much for her to ice completely , but some of the chaos lessened .
tr	I	He moves often and his location is well hidden .
tr	O	它在初月时被清理干净了，并且海浪拍打在悬崖上对她来说是无限欢乐的音乐。
tr	O	梅尔顿是区域性的必看节目，并且她绝对必须出现在上面！
tr	O	表面是静止的，并且它看起来像油一样。
tr	I	The words repeated themselves , and my brain stopped working .
tr	O	这把小金属锁扣挡不住一个坚决的攻击者，但是它至少会提醒我他的存在。
tr	O	她笑了，但是这次笑声中似乎没有什么幽默感。
tr	O	我们独自走在一条黑暗的街道上，并且我意识到他们已经把我围住了。
tr	O	如果他在这里待得太久，疼痛会加剧，但是他必须再环顾四周一眼。
tr	O	天空仍然大部分是黑的，但是随着日出临近，东方出现了一抹亮光。
tr	O	活森林有一种邪恶的感觉，并且她没有穿过它的欲望。
tr	I	The spa 's white robe ended inches above her knees and Avery became conscious that her face was cleansed of makeup .
tr	I	She was in the middle of it , and it was a pretty little mess .
tr	O	你需要确保你和塔拉之间的事情不会变糟。
tr	O	我突然想到了一件事，并且那是我能问的最重要的问题。
tr	O	没有钥匙，他们的电脑可能需要数小时才能破译它，但是他们不会失败。
tr	O	它的形状大致是人形的，但是它不过是地上的一堆土。
tr	O	他想说什么就说什么，但是亚瑟自己相当谦虚。
tr	I	I have agreed to honour it , and their war is my war .
tr	O	他的踱步停了下来，他靠在柜台上，双手抓住头发。
tr	O	他回头看着我，并且怒火又在那里了。
tr	I	They were thin , but there were curtains at the windows .
tr	I	She was ready to win and she was showing no hesitation .
tr	O	她的眼睛依然是半透明的，然而我知道她现在一定能控制自己的行动，才能驾驶潜艇。
tr	I	One twist was what it took and one twist was what I said .
tr	I	They can make mistakes and they can be tricked .
tr	I	I pushed the feeling aside as his expression turned grave but my heart fluttered like a butterfly 's wings in my chest .
tr	O	我们正在稍微调整菜单，但是它仍然会很出色。
tr	O	朱利安拨弄着面包上的奇怪肉类，但是他不想吃。
tr	O	一声哽咽打断了他接下来的话，并且我抓住了戴蒙的双肩。
tr	I	The judge announced that there had been no cheating , and then the jurors talked quietly for thirty seconds .
tr	O	好像你能看得更远，但是黑暗随着它爬回地平线而变得越来越难以逾越。
tr	O	他将髋部抬高至我之上，并且他的阳具找到了等待被占有的我。
tr	O	他太骄傲了不愿联系我，但是他足够关心我以至于关注我的生活。
tr	I	They all looked alike , and the artifacts rested on blank white cabinets .
tr	O	与高科技跑车相比，这小玩意儿显得很古老，但是它仍然是一个完美的解决方案。
tr	O	麦克斯·费尔莱特把受害者带出了酒吧，并且她在寒冷的夜空中依偎在他身上。
tr	I	Plans were made to rebuild quickly , and the ruins of Winkler 's beach house had been cleared away , too .
tr	O	我展开了书页，并且我的目光立刻落在了页面顶部的两个名字上。
tr	O	这让装置吃了一惊，并且它转过身面对工事。
tr	O	雅克的双臂收紧，并且他轻轻地、得意地笑了。
tr	O	作者简介：德梅尔莎·卡尔顿一直热爱海洋，但是在她第一次浮潜时，她发现自己害怕鱼。
tr	I	She is hindered without it , and she has none at all .
tr	O	这种整洁、学院风的打扮很适合他，并且尽管我已经记住了他脸上的每一个细节，我还是发现自己盯着他看。
tr	I	Her lungs ached from having to draw in rapid breath after rapid breath , and her knees protested every step .
tr	I	They were good curves , in just the right places , but she still had some curves on her .
tr	I	What the hell , I am going to do anything I can to help you but you could be stupid at times .
tr	I	Then you 're just as quick to walk out as my father was , and you tell me I can trust you .
tr	I	She was pleased to find her voice steady , and she said .
tr	O	这可能是我一天中最喜欢的部分，但是对他来说，这一定是最孤独的。
tr	I	My weight is no match for his , but he 's about average height for a guy , which makes me in heels as tall as him .
tr	O	这根本算不上小小的冒险，但是查理不能告诉比尔这件事。
tr	O	地面变得崎岖不平，并且她的进度放慢了，因为她在崎岖的地形中穿行。
tr	O	知道的人就是知道，并且我对此无能为力。
tr	O	她心里想避免所有这类关系，并且我们必须尊重她的意愿。
tr	O	她的眼睛清澈，并且头发看起来也不错——如果你忽略下巴以下的一切，这相当令人印象深刻。
tr	O	她不会完全称之为自负，但是这些家伙在过去几年里都适应了他们的名声。
tr	O	她腿上的疼痛炽热难忍，但是麦里对这份痛苦已经麻木了。
tr	O	躺在那张病床上的人确实很像我共事了十年的马克斯，但是有些东西不见了。
tr	O	我动了动想坐起来，但是迈克尔纹丝不动。
tr	I	She flinched involuntarily , and his words felt like a slap across the face .
tr	I	The morning came all too quickly , and it was late when Heather returned to their camp .
tr	I	All she could do was smile a little , and he watched her face carefully for any sign that she wanted to stop .
tr	I	There was no going back to those few months where my life felt just right , but I wished everything could be alright again .
tr	O	天气每分钟都在变热，而且他擦去了额头上的汗水。
tr	O	阿什以前从未见过这些吸血鬼，但是他对吸血鬼的了解非常有限。
tr	O	森林消失了，而且我坠入了黑暗。
tr	O	他会尽快送她回家，但是她只有在他扳倒星林集团后才能真正安全。
tr	O	起初，萨凡纳笑着，享受着那迷人的古老传说，但是一种缓慢的恐惧开始攫住她。
tr	I	I winced as I swung my leg from the ATV , and we parked the vehicles near the entrance .
tr	O	房间三面都有窗户，并且晨光刺眼。
tr	I	Her husband agreed with her , and the girl 's mother gave her the name of Lea because the mother believed that it was a beautiful name .
tr	O	我们一片混乱，并且候选人很少。
tr	O	她下午大部分时间都在做作业，而且她还对裹尸布做了更多阅读。
tr	I	Angelina made her way home and at the Arches they parted .
tr	I	Dr. Stewart holds out a hand to stop her , but mom starts to answer .
tr	O	我们很快就会团聚，而且届时我会告诉你这到底有多糟糕。
tr	I	He staggered down to one knee and his face went white with shock .
tr	O	她默默地把杯子递给他，并且他消失在房子里。
tr	O	谢里登把我逼到了这个地步，而且我因此恨她，恨她让我表现得像这种暴力之人。
tr	O	这种讽刺很明显，并且海耶斯看到列宁并不欣赏它。
tr	I	Her expression soured further , and she glanced past Tessa .
tr	O	它们毫无意义，但是它们很有趣。
tr	I	Then he was voted back into office for three subsequent terms , and he had grudgingly served as county judge when the incumbent died without warning .
tr	O	在下方，一头狼靠近到足以扑向莫妮卡，但是她踢了他肋骨一脚，这把他踢倒了。
tr	O	他们的痛苦让格蕾丝喉咙发堵，但是她不打算向卡米尔透露这一点。
tr	O	她已经很痛苦了，并且他怀疑她能否承受更多。
tr	O	她的脚从她身下滑出，并且她的双手在她身侧挥舞。
tr	I	We wouldn 't and we didn 't .
tr	O	它很痛，有时痛得你无法忍受，但是没有办法避免它。
tr	I	He would not betray James 's now , and he had never betrayed Will 's confidence .
tr	I	Eliot was already reacting , but I screamed .
tr	I	There was currently nothing I could do about it and my husband 's soul was trapped in my hands .
tr	O	一个聪明人会避开这两种危险，但是他负担不起退出。
tr	O	我没有像我本该做的那样掩盖好我的行踪，并且他们几周后就抓住了我。
tr	I	She couldn 't seem to draw enough air into her lungs and her pulse raced .
tr	I	Stefan 's face was wet , too , and tears were slipping down Katherine 's cheeks .
tr	O	他顺滑地滑入她湿润的入口，并且只有片刻的疼痛，之后快感便再次主宰。
tr	I	We wouldn 't have had to spend so much time apart , and I don 't know why I hadn 't thought of it sooner .
tr	O	那些是黄金岁月，并且它们都转瞬即逝。
tr	O	我知道我应该离开这种情况，但是我做不到。
tr	I	She could tell he didn 't really care , but he asked .
tr	I	She didn 't listen , but warning bells were going off inside her .
tr	O	好吧，所以它可能行不通，但是痴迷于它肯定也行不通。
tr	O	如果两个男人打到你死我活，就会有东西损坏，并且他们将无法掩盖所有事情。
tr	I	I could only reach halfway down my shins but I strained .
tr	I	She wasted no time on such concerns , but a small analytical part of her mind was staggered at just how much power she was holding .
tr	I	I sighed deeply and the connection ended .
tr	I	She forced herself to grip them tightly , afraid they might slip , but the hot tweezers scalded her skin .
tr	O	我不知道她事后会有什么感受，并且我不想让她一个人开车回家。
tr	I	They were suddenly moving and the truck engine fired to life .
tr	I	My instincts lead me to believe that won 't happen , but we can hope for it .
tr	I	Her desk would stop her but she 'd back away .
tr	I	He pulled away but I reached over to shake his hand .
tr	I	His tall form covered me completely , and his back was to the rest of the room .
tr	O	他犹豫了，好像他接下来的话很难说出口，但是这反而让它们听起来更加真诚。
tr	I	He stares down at them too and he notices that I 'm staring at them .
tr	I	The pair ran back up the stairs , and she collected her sister by the elbow .
tr	O	他的头保持不动，但是他的脚继续前行。
tr	I	He didn 't let go , but he loosened his hold on me .
tr	O	他无话可说，并且他只是握了握她的手。
tr	I	He said we knew each other , but I didn 't recognize him .
tr	O	她现在朝我瞥了一眼，并且我感觉僵在原地。
tr	O	她设法擦掉了最后一个词的一部分，但是意思仍然清楚。
tr	O	其中一些深红色变成了绿色，并且我知道这是她悲伤的颜色。
tr	O	我的膝盖一软，并且我摔倒在她面前。
tr	I	Jain pulled them anyway , but the only weeds were tiny sprouts amid the thriving vegetables .
tr	I	After one particular month-long drinking binge , he graduated to cocaine and he tried unsuccessfully to make the pain go away with liquor .
tr	I	The only real conclusion I drew was that it was very sensual , and it was the first time I 'd had sushi .
tr	O	他领着他们跑到前门，并且他猛地打开了门。
tr	I	Their temples were flared , and their scales were the same shade as blood .
tr	O	鲜血从霸主的伤口喷涌而出，并且他痛苦地咆哮着。
tr	I	There wasn 't anything happy in the gesture , but he smiled in full now .
tr	O	我抵御了佛罗里达的酷热一个小时，没有问题，但是突然我感到额头冒出了汗。
tr	I	They added to his air of confident maturity but there were streaks of grey in his curly brown hair which had not been there two years ago .
tr	I	He 'd left the other in the front cab , but he had brought one rifle with him .
tr	O	衬衫本身被烧穿了，但是下面的皮肤未受灼伤。
tr	O	一看到那斜坡，她的双腿就软了，并且她的胃里一阵翻腾。
tr	I	She had the courage to decide what she wanted to do with her life and she had gone through something extraordinary .
tr	O	泰勒只是刻薄，并且玛丽莎只是愚蠢。
tr	O	她看到我时明显放松下来，但是这只持续了一会儿，怒气就取而代之。
tr	O	我张开嘴准备回答，但是别人抢先了。
tr	I	A hard lump formed in my throat , and my mouth went dry .
tr	I	She looked up at him and her long lashes lifted .
tr	I	Her face was bright red as she avoided eye contact with me and I turned to look at Clementine .
tr	O	也许巴兹的联邦调查局工作与他无关，但是又或许有关系。
tr	O	他的呼吸灼热着她的脸颊，气息充斥着她的肺部，并且她内心的一切都崩塌了。
tr	O	她需要他同意最多三十天，或者她不会同意这件事。
tr	I	I could feel the tension in the air and his fingers pressed into my side .
tr	O	他皱眉望着大海，并且他的声音逐渐消失在尴尬的沉默中。
tr	O	那个偏僻的村庄里没有什么激动人心的事发生，并且波洛涅斯的吹嘘已经传开了。
tr	I	Not when the cold was so bitter , the wind so vicious , but normally they would have walked the short distance .
tr	I	As soon as it left her lips , Carol stiffened , but his name slipped out unnoticed .
tr	O	她的眼睛再次睁开，并且它们正盯着他的嘴巴。
tr	I	I put the flowers in water , and he says we can order in tonight .
tr	I	She 'd allowed Trent to coax her upstairs , and she 'd convinced herself she was ready for the first step of her new plan .
tr	I	I was , but it 's like I wasn 't supposed to be here .
tr	O	安吉拉可能正计划搬家，但是她还没有这样做。
tr	I	You could see every inch of it but it was surrounded by a glass cabinet .
tr	O	他的胸膛剧烈起伏，并且夏洛特知道他正在与自己的怒火搏斗。
tr	I	That was kept by the New Zealand coven , but she 'd won a choker that gave its possessor the siren 's song .
tr	I	The shopkeeper starting shaking his head slowly , still looking Dan ' r in the eye , but Dan ' r started .
tr	I	Twice those screams eclipsed the sound , and twice she turned up the volume on the television to drown out his screams .
tr	O	她知道在几百英尺之上，太阳才刚刚落下，但是这里却似乎是深夜。
tr	O	彼得问，带着淡淡的微笑转向她，并且艾玛点了点头，不完全确定她同意的是什么。
tr	O	她站了一会儿，并且她就直接躺在她站立的地方了。
tr	O	这房子外面看起来很安静，但是里面却充满了噪音。
tr	O	他一直都不赞同她，而且她生活中的这一不变事实给了她又一次能量提升。
tr	O	哈，把这事告诉家里的人，并且他们会笑死的。
tr	I	She was shocked now , but Rue couldn 't remember the last time she 'd been shocked .
tr	I	The silver buttons gleamed in the sunlight streaming into the room , and its wooden body felt warm in her hands .
tr	O	他再次握了她的手，并且玛吉因赞美而脸红了。
tr	O	这已成为镇上的流言蜚语，而且这对我们俩的声誉都没有什么好处。
tr	O	这是一个很棒的设施，并且我们非常喜欢它。
tr	O	也许你会认为我通向神的道路是独特的，但是除了我穿越未来的经历，它并非如此。
tr	I	I could at least do what I do best -- learn , but I might never be able to make that dream become real .
tr	I	This burden of knowledge could not wait until morning , but he had hoped not to have to make the trek to the cemetery in the dark .
tr	O	人行道上挤满了人，并且就像路上一样，没有人似乎在移动。
tr	I	Helen answered it , and a knock sounded at the door .
tr	I	I would both get out and there was no way Emma .
tr	I	A spy must embrace the unexpected , but I am lying .
tr	I	She was worried about her own , and Duncan was heading after his brother .
tr	O	我本该击中它的心脏，但是它却没有表现出任何死亡的迹象。
tr	O	那位才华横溢的表演者喊道，并且观众发出了轻微的笑声。
tr	O	我预料我会引起轩然大波，但是我准备为此一战。
tr	I	Izzy , of all humans , knew this and dragons were not beasts of burden .
tr	O	我转向莱利，并且他点头表示同意。
tr	O	她以前从未经历过，并且这让她更加警惕。
tr	I	She had nowhere to go , but Vin felt that she should have left as well .
tr	O	我看了一眼埃利奥特，但是接着我跟着。
tr	O	鉴于发生的事情，嗯，谁不会呢，但是他必须处理，而不是逃避。
tr	O	兄弟因嫉妒而自相残杀，并且地球充满了邪恶。
tr	I	It was a losing battle from the start , but he could manage it for a little while .
tr	O	我本打算清醒地告诉她这个完整的故事，因为这只是一个线索，并且可能不会成功。
tr	I	Both of my sires crowded around me , and I yelped as my chair slid to the wall .
tr	I	Inside , she was afraid all the time , but she wore the costume of a grown woman .
tr	O	看着她，并且他很高兴。
tr	I	They still made me uneasy anyway , but the words didn 't feel like a lie coming from Kade 's lips .
tr	I	He was finding it harder to carry Katie and his vision was going gray around the edges .
tr	I	The night flowed into silence , and the light went out in Andrea 's bedroom .
tr	I	Once was enough , but James had only met Vicky once .
tr	I	She dropped the subject for now but she didn 't look like she was ready to give up on trying to help me .
tr	O	她自己就能创造暖身咒语，但是那不是重点。
tr	O	马格努斯没有轻视这种痛苦，但是即使凡人也不会心碎而死。
tr	O	泪水从她眼中落下，并且他无法恨她。
tr	O	我们朝着小妖精拖拽尸体的方向走去，但是还有很长的路要走。
tr	O	巨魔绕过乔伊去摆弄什么东西，并且床开始移动了。
tr	I	Now he needs life energy every day , and the crystal did something awful to him .
tr	O	她希望他安然无恙，但是沙漠可能很危险。
tr	I	It flailed against the restraints and he jerked his left arm .
tr	I	She lashed out again , and Christopher tried to approach .
tr	O	他收紧了环在她腰上的手，并且用另一只手，他沿着她下巴的轮廓滑动拇指。
tr	O	那很整洁，而且很整齐。
tr	O	这是奥德做过的最好的东西，而且它很漂亮。
tr	O	他实际上长得很好看，但是他的灵魂却感觉有些病态。
tr	O	我想问他关于昨晚的事，但是我不能冒险让别人听到我们的谈话。
tr	I	All I could do was scream , and everyone came rushing into my room .
tr	I	I pull my clothes off and I 'm standing in front of the shower .
tr	O	在他身边，安珀将长袍滑过头顶，并且他移动身体来保护她免受深夜来访者的干扰。
tr	O	它很漂亮，而且很温暖。
tr	O	她决心成为一个好母亲，但是这已经延伸到了一切。
tr	I	The tires kick up a cloud of dust and the approaching car bounces over the rocky earth .
tr	O	我把他抱过围栏时，他一开始挣扎，但是他看到我们所有人都平静了下来。
tr	O	她的手指变成了利爪，并且她迅速地挥砍。
tr	O	他本该把她的奖学金项目纳入自己的提案中，但是他低估了张对它的投入。
tr	I	They always do but I don 't know why .
tr	I	I am inclined not to inquire , but I don 't have a reason for the Honored One 's reversal in this .
tr	I	That 's when I found the jaw bone and I wiped my hands off in the dirt .
tr	O	电网已经就位，而且如今所有这些东西都已计算机化。
tr	I	They didn 't pay me , but my parents made me work .
tr	O	当他感到阿泰尔的刀刃抵住喉咙时，侦察兵的剑掉了，并且他呜咽了一声。
tr	I	Some last shred of himself - whoever he was - kept him clinging to sanity , but he wanted to lose his mind .
tr	O	接着笑容消失了，并且他看起来很警惕。
tr	I	The other man nodded his head in agreement , and he looked at Dr. Graham .
tr	O	几分钟内，萨姆估量了覆盖敞开门口的床垫，并且框架被楔入到位，暂时固定了床垫。
tr	I	We all went home , and we had a fight .
tr	I	His eyes rolled up in his head and Blood spurted from his nose .
tr	I	He preferred it that way and he lived his life for himself .
tr	I	I bent down to pick it up , and the box smashed to the floor .
tr	O	他们俩都不够强壮，并且他们俩都摔倒在地。
tr	I	Our word is our bond , and we are creatures of honor .
tr	I	I was pregnant , but the spa beckoned , its hot water frothing in the late morning sun .
tr	I	They 'd have such a treat , and she 'd take it home to Father .
tr	I	The next day you break up , and they won 't be there anyway .
tr	O	真是她的运气，她觉得有吸引力的那个男人不仅是人类，而且还是个该死的梦中情人。
tr	I	Instead he would be annoyed , but the really amusing thing was that in about a week he would no longer be amused .
tr	I	She leapt to her feet , and then she recognized whose body it was .
tr	O	这么久以来他一直对自己的未来有着明确的规划，但是现在有必要做出转变了。
tr	O	欧文在我旁边僵住了，但是他什么也没说。
tr	I	There was a deep line between her eyebrows and her mouth was twisted .
tr	I	His guest graciously paid before he had a chance to get out his money , and the waiter arrived with drinks .
tr	O	她不知道他们之间会发生什么，但是她知道她永远不想失去他。
tr	O	我听出了我声音中的激烈，并且我赶紧解释。
tr	O	她看着我，仿佛我有点疯了，但是她太绝望了，根本顾不上。
tr	I	My mom was at home resting , and I was in the hospital , hooked up to machines .
tr	O	她的头向后仰去，并且她的指甲抓挠着他的背。
tr	O	罪恶感让我的胃翻腾，但是这不同。
tr	O	有一种敲击声，一开始很微弱，但是当我的意识越清醒，声音就越大。
tr	O	我知道我的手在颤抖，但是我已经很久没有从这种痛苦中解脱了。
tr	O	巴洛那粗嘎的笑声平息了，但是他沉重的肩膀仍在起伏。
tr	I	I sneezed profusely and a gust of dust filled my nostrils .
tr	I	He held onto me , but I tried to get out of bed , to get away from him .
tr	I	They twinkled brightly over our heads and the stars were out .
tr	I	I drop to my knees , shouting in pain and as I take a step toward them , fire spreads through my chest .
tr	O	她的店现在经营得不怎么样，并且我也赚不了多少钱。
tr	I	I can see the looks passing between them and Jacob straightens up .
tr	O	他的名字会被叫到，并且他不会在那里。
tr	O	他们可能会叫我女超人，但是我没那么勇敢。
tr	O	阿尼睁开了眼睛，并且梅丽莎把饮料递给了他。
tr	I	Couples began filling the enormous dance floor and the music started .
tr	I	My lunch churned inside me and my face was hot .
tr	O	有一个本可以自动打开它的接触点，但是睡意朦胧中他找不到它。
tr	O	她紧握着树，并且她转移了视线。
tr	I	Then Mom puts down her fork , and my parents give each other a meaningful look .
tr	O	她把它敲在大腿上，并且灯又亮了。
tr	O	肯坐在客厅里，喝着咖啡，读着报纸。
tr	O	他看起来值得信任，但是仍然有什么困扰着亚伦。
tr	I	I won 't do anything to you without your permission , but a lot of people are counting on you .
tr	O	他的眼睛盯着牧师，并且他看起来全神贯注于布道。
tr	I	Nothing changes , but she tugs once at the dress , trying to get it fall in a different way .
tr	I	This one seemed different , but she had seen these rooms countless times before .
tr	I	Melissa had encouraged her , but it had been difficult .
tr	I	Screaming like a banshee and * * * * * Old Lady Griffin dashed into the clearing , wielding her cane like a battle axe .
tr	I	It 's not the real you , but it 's like I 'm looking through a blurred window at you .
tr	O	他们从黎明就开始练习了，并且奥斯汀从头到脚都很疼。
tr	O	我爱黛博拉，并且我为她辩护。
tr	O	背上泥土色的毛发都竖了起来，并且焦急地用蹄子刨着地，准备冲向他。
tr	O	我有一些遗留问题，但是我已经几乎完全康复了。
tr	O	他们做爱了，并且她就离开了。
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安突然想象出那具身体裸露的样子，并且他艰难地咽了咽口水。
tr	O	我牺牲我的睡眠时间，只是为了让你们俩回到工作岗位上。
tr	O	她闭着眼睛说的，并非真的想说那些话，但是话就这么不小心脱口而出了。
tr	O	这太简单了，而且你又那么漂亮。
tr	I	You didn 't see me being ridiculously irresponsible about it , but I hadn 't gotten a chance to eat .
tr	I	She 's of legal age and that 's her daughter .
tr	I	They are never this big , but I have only seen pictures of them .
tr	O	我在那里也并非完美无缺，你知道的。
tr	O	凯特由她父亲抚养，并且希普利营是她第五个夏令营。
tr	I	When he did , my wobbling knees forced me to prop myself up with my back to the wall , and he let me go .
tr	I	I just keep thinking I 'm not bringing you anything at all , but it isn 't news to you .
tr	O	我没有亲自见过他们，但是据传他们是户外运动专家。
tr	I	She wanted to remember every single one and because she knew his kisses were numbered .
tr	I	The security DVR had been destroyed after the disc was stolen and the night clerk had been killed the evening before .
tr	I	It was obvious Helen didn 't have anything to worry about and one step into the orphanage .
tr	O	见到迦勒就像一份礼物，但是我们所做的只是争吵。
tr	I	I had to admit that I was eager to see the package that awaited me , and his bulge was apparent from beneath his boxer shorts .
tr	I	I take it and Blake pulls it out of his back pocket with his free hand .
tr	O	卡布里洛大喊一声，并且那人微笑着后退，对他猥亵的行为毫不感到羞耻。
tr	O	我保证，保证，保证会吃掉盘子里所有东西，但是我现在就想吃一些。
tr	O	我的迟延本可以很容易地归因于我的失眠，但是我惊讶地发现阿尔看穿了我。
tr	O	看来我还没完全想清楚，但是现在我明白你的意思了。
tr	O	我喜欢相信我现在更熟练了，是个更好的猎人，并且第一次只是侥幸。
tr	I	I hated it , and it was my birthday .
tr	I	He pressed play , and she handed it to Brent .
tr	O	这确实是一场过山车般的经历，充满了坎坷，但是事情正在好转。
tr	I	She 's doing her best to remain calm for us but I can tell that her face shows a little bit of anxiety .
tr	I	There were staff sat at all of the four desks and when he checked the office again , it was open .
tr	I	I focused on the empty bookshelves and a lump formed in my throat .
tr	I	I wonder if I should give her some privacy , and there 's no answer .
tr	O	给比我年龄都大的人下命令似乎很奇怪，但是我想我会习惯的。
tr	I	He came in to talk to me about Stephen and he was a psychiatrist .
tr	I	It means the world to me and the feedback for ' The Pursuit of Emma ' so far has been genuinely heart-warming .
tr	I	There was still a dark cloud between us but I wanted to curl up in his arms .
tr	O	她对我笑，并且我的胃蜷缩起来。
tr	O	他不知道自己会如何实施威胁，但是他毫不怀疑自己会确实执行它们。
tr	I	Sadly it seemed that just wasn 't going to happen , but Martin held out hope that he could harbor some secrets .
tr	I	I don 't think anything could ever get him down , and he 's like sunshine .
tr	O	男孩的脸沉了下来，并且亨利不得不忍住不笑，因为他的感情表露无遗。
tr	I	It is for this moment that our lives came to be but what has traveled to us on desert winds is not of our experience .
tr	O	我只需要这一刻，并且我就能变回我自己。
tr	I	She never thought he 'd let her in enough to explain , but she 'd sensed his unease with many things in his life .
tr	I	I didn 't see anything , but I looked around the room .
tr	I	They 're bullshit and I was angry .
tr	O	她把头向后一仰，并且我的名字被呻吟出来。
tr	O	餐厅仍然很满，并且今天早上人们逗留的时间更长了。
tr	O	她的舌尖在他的唇上轻咬间挑逗着他，并且这让他想要更多，需要更多。
tr	O	那不是对我问题的直接回答，但是我猜那意味着是的。
tr	I	I started hiking toward that part of the beach that sloped down from right to left of the precipice and I grabbed my camera bag .
tr	O	他在第一次触碰时吸了一口凉气，并且她喜欢这一点：一个男人在她触碰下无助的时刻。
tr	I	It was so quiet a tiny breeze would have put out the fires , but there might have been the slightest stirrings of desire .
tr	O	凯米举起手臂让特拉维斯抱她，但是多诺万站了起来，把她抱进怀里。
tr	I	He was suddenly red with shame and it had been like a spasm .
tr	I	Timmy read the accompanying article and a picture of the hotel flashed up .
tr	I	Two solemn faces appeared round the door and there was a padding of feet .
tr	O	苏珊张开嘴想抗议，但是随后重新考虑了。
tr	O	她的眼皮开始下垂，并且她努力抑制住了一个哈欠。
tr	I	I bit back a squeal and the leaves crackled around me .
tr	I	She trembled , and he caressed her cheek .
tr	I	You can never be forced to divulge anything a client tells you and it 's a privileged relationship .
tr	O	这努力却让她筋疲力尽，并且每天晚上她回到家都太累了，无法去公园跑步。
tr	I	I couldn 't say for sure , but Everything had felt right .
tr	O	我犹豫了，但是我走了进去。
tr	O	几分钟过去了，并且尖叫声终于停止了。
tr	O	他的姿势歪斜得像个钩子，但是他却面带微笑。
tr	O	他的酒吧得以幸存，而其他酒吧则逐渐消亡，并且他将自己的长久归因于顺应直觉。
tr	I	Red had a broadsword , and Stella now carried a short sword at her side .
tr	I	She walked quickly behind the man , and the lost item turned out to be a small knitted bootie , which she picked up .
tr	O	然后卡鲁攻击了那家伙，于是他感觉好多了。
tr	O	他甚至还没回来二十四小时，而且他已经在折磨我了。
tr	I	Sometimes a minute felt like an eternity , and sometimes a week felt like a day .
tr	O	他母亲从他身边抽身而去，并且我惊讶地张开了嘴。
tr	I	She recognized the spot he gave her and he pushed the coordinates into her head .
tr	I	Scott got the distinct impression she had lost something and she looked over one shoulder then the other .
tr	I	I could see the dark , arched entrance of a huge cave in it , and there was a hill on the opposite side of the pond .
tr	I	Gray buildings were beginning to rise up around them on either side , and they had entered London .
tr	O	护士现在显得很警惕，但是他有工作要做。
tr	I	I nod , and he asks .
tr	I	Mr. Honeybee , who was also having lunch , made her clean it , and Cherise was too embarrassed to pick it up .
tr	O	枪手的胃部似乎痛苦地顶着他的心口，但是他的表情没有变化。
tr	O	她发誓她关了它，但是也许她没有。
tr	O	梅根张开嘴想进一步争辩，但是我打断了她。
tr	O	她好几年没有这样了，而且这些电话只让她想起生活中又一件她永远无法做好的事。
tr	O	艾登关上门，屋里陷入黑暗，她的呼吸一窒，但是她的眼睛很快就适应了。
tr	I	It was really more like an oversized walk-in closet , but all her personal things were located in a room adjacent to the bathroom .
tr	I	I didn 't feel good about them , either , but I didn 't exactly feel like all these deaths were my fault .
tr	I	That was not the whole secret , but for one thing , they were too big for such a wind .
tr	O	本从窗户穿过，而且麦克布莱德紧随其后。
tr	O	他转向我，并且我的心再次沉了下去。
tr	O	马修推开亚历克西斯，并且阿曼达把刀插进了他的胸膛。
tr	I	Several units made it through the gates , but most of the second generation did perish in the final blast .
tr	I	He turned it over , letting his fingers slip between mine and I placed my right hand on his left .
tr	I	They understood it , and yes , they were all implicated .
tr	O	我没有问，而且他也没有说。
tr	O	在他们启程的前夜，一场盛大的庆祝活动已经举行了，并且他们收到了许多礼物。
tr	O	雪莉总结道，建议把它放在开胃菜盘里，但是它放不下。
tr	I	Since I was with Max , the rich part took care of itself , and I guess I qualified as a tourist .
tr	I	He was still not speaking above a stage whisper , but a boy 's voice was the loudest .
tr	O	她和朋友们一起来的，但是他们很快就丢下她去跳舞了。
tr	I	I can assure you there is nothing about you that 's special and a zebra doesn 't change his stripes .
tr	O	那个声音又叫我了，并且这次我发现自己站着。
tr	I	I was drawing blanks , but I racked my brain , trying to think of what I had wanted to say .
tr	I	His face was damp with mist , and he could hear the main cascade pummeling rock with a constant , thudding splat .
tr	I	Still , she adored them , but they weren 't much by de Laurent standards .
tr	O	当珍妮起身时，埃莉诺阿姨也起身了，但是她停在阿里克旁边，手放在他椅子的靠背上。
tr	I	It irked me and I knew he had a crush on her .
tr	I	The people around her ran for cover and she pulled her gun when she didn 't see us .
tr	O	到处都是溅开的血，并且这个场景极其令人作呕。
tr	O	他的目光移动了，并且他看到了杂志封面。
tr	O	我一直把搬回那里看作是重拾我的生活，但是我想我正在意识到这现在是全新的生活了。
tr	I	This will all be over and maybe if I tell her about the real me , she won 't want me .
tr	I	She wanted more ... so much more , and his body , pressed against hers , held its own armor , its own safety .
tr	I	The children were still too young to appreciate it and the furniture was expensive .
tr	I	My career changed , and when I became a vampire , my life changed .
tr	O	她没有从我这里拿走任何东西，并且我认为她快要死了。
tr	I	I take it , wedging it against the door handle and Lennox has a cricket bat in his hand .
tr	I	I will never have to see her again , and she is not worth wasting my breath on .
tr	I	There was no mistaking their shock at her behavior , but her parents talked over each other .
tr	I	She 'd still come to lunch , but she 'd known that .
tr	O	她知识渊博，并且凯斯享受了对话的每一分钟。
tr	O	我回头看了一眼，但是那个拳头不见了。
tr	I	Surrounded her until Frieda Whitehall stepped forward , obviously the spokesperson , and the women poured in as if she were giving merchandise away .
tr	I	I needed to get my balance again on land and like I had spent all this time at sea .
tr	I	One must not be rushed into these things and it is obviously a big decision .
tr	I	I was just shaken up a little and they hit on the passenger side .
tr	O	他在仪式期间会变得虚弱，但是他不会死去。
tr	O	她脊背发凉，然而她发现很难相信他能做出这种事。
tr	O	一段缓慢而宁静的旋律盖过了炉火的噼啪声，并且他们都转过身，想看看声音是从哪里来的。
tr	O	她哭着回到房间，并且她告诉我们帮她离开校园。
tr	O	这些幻象总是关于我所触碰的那个人，而且它们总是预示着将来会发生在他们身上的一些事情。
tr	O	我向他靠近，并且只要轻轻一触，他就会是我的。
tr	I	I can tell Coach is nervous , but it 's a hot sticky night .
tr	I	Primarily she used the room for storage , but there was a double bed .
tr	I	My legs reached up to encircle him and I moaned as his lips clasped down on my left breast .
tr	O	我听到的那一刻灼烧了我的大脑，并且我至今仍在为那段记忆悲伤。
tr	I	Immediately , I can 't imagine why I said it , and it 's out before I even think of it .
tr	O	戴米恩差点对那男人动手，但是他不想让特里妮蒂的情况变得更糟。
tr	I	It would have to wait , but Gumshoe recalled the tale well .
tr	O	我从未对树巨人抱有太大期望，但是坦白说，我很惊讶。
tr	O	古典音乐意味着他需要一些禅意，或者他就会开始大打出手。
tr	O	她的号召让我自由，并且我又能动了。
tr	O	我仍然依偎在约翰身边，我的双臂都在他身后，仿佛一道盾牌，并且光线正蜿蜒进入洞穴。
tr	I	He saw the hope flicker across the man 's face again , and he brandished them like a badge .
tr	O	我的替班人员从左舷登船了，并且我则从另一边跌出去了。
tr	I	I had departed for my home on the range and they asked me for a signed statement .
tr	O	有人在下面倒吸了一口气，并且她忍住了向下看的冲动。
tr	O	他的眼皮变得沉重，并且他伸出手，手指轻抚着我的脸颊。
tr	O	我小心翼翼地踩下油门，并且汽车猛地向前冲去，就像某种被放出笼子的野兽。
tr	I	She nodded , and we both knew the reason why .
tr	O	也许我有点紧张，但是没有理由紧张。
tr	I	I barely notice them , but a waiter passes by bearing small salads for another couple at a nearby table .
tr	O	也许他关于这里是美国安全屋的线报可能有误，但是他的消息来源非常可靠。
tr	I	Here his expression changed and Arjuna stopped a few paces behind .
tr	O	它是生物的，但是它不是人类的。
tr	O	她用一声轻笑来点缀这句话，以免自己听起来过于强势，但是迈克只是茫然地看着她。
tr	O	他住在他和一个以前餐馆的朋友合租的一居室公寓里，并且他睡在沙发上。
tr	I	Now her skin hangs from her bones like melted plastic , but she might have been beautiful once .
tr	I	They hadn 't even opened their mouths but she had tried to question her captors .
tr	O	你会认为这意味着我们在一起，并且它根本不意味着那样。
tr	O	他想知道是否要玩它，但是它没有说，玩我。
tr	I	Things don 't seem the way they should and obviously you 've had a very big head injury .
tr	O	一个声音大喊，并且我静止不动。
tr	O	你不喜欢我，而且我也不喜欢你。
tr	O	他乞求任何愿意听的人，但是没有人听。
tr	I	I wasn 't surprised about that , but Gavin didn 't get a greeting .
tr	I	He was far from functioning enough to drive and the man driving had been on some medication .
tr	I	I heard James 's voice , and my machine picked up .
tr	O	木板在她脚跟下吱吱作响，并且风从头顶的树林中呼啸而过。
tr	I	Everyone was always dumping on him , but Ethan deserved happiness .
tr	O	我已经道歉了，但是她坚持要点第三杯酒不是我的错。
tr	O	风暴正在逼近，并且风势已大大增强，冲击着飞机。
tr	O	离三点还有几分钟，并且她正要脱下围裙回家，就在这时门铃响起，宣告又一位顾客到来。
tr	O	这里有很多优秀的球员，并且有些孩子长得相当高大。
tr	I	Although she was thin , she wasn 't skinny , and she wore a black dress .
tr	O	他想喝什么就喝什么，但是固体食物会让他剧烈呕吐。
tr	I	Rob was looking at the rest of them soberly and a few minutes later they had pulled over by the roadside .
tr	O	当他出来时，他们试图解雇他，但是他的律师说服了他们，让他们不能这样做。
tr	O	他的权力太大，不容冒犯，并且马克斯毫不顾忌地随心所欲地使用它。
tr	I	Was still taking awhile , but the walk to the gas station was fairly short .
tr	O	杰克呻吟了一声，但是这并非因为他头部的任何疼痛。
tr	I	She tried to lasso me with it and she had a noose in her hand .
tr	I	I was getting the sudden urge to run the other way and the door to the counselor 's office was growing dangerously near .
tr	O	她的衬衫飘落在地，并且她将双臂举向天空，像一个诱惑苍天的妖姬。
tr	O	奥特姆饿了，但是这点食物对他们两个人来说太多了。
tr	I	I see the face of a man that 's about to do something stupid , and my eyes dart sideways to peek at him .
tr	I	I am fully clothed and here you are naked .
tr	I	It might affect your plans as you have described them to me , but by tomorrow this will be known to everyone .
tr	O	这让她深感悲痛，但是她看不到任何其他选择。
tr	O	一声笑从我口中逸出，并且他睁开眼睛，看起来很高兴。
tr	O	贾里德加入了我们的笑声，并且我捏了捏他的手。
tr	O	她深深爱上了布雷迪·麦克斯韦，但是他不能在她面前炫耀那个女人。
tr	O	洛德想扑向他，并且海耶斯似乎感觉到了那份仇恨。
tr	I	I thought I would be up for the challenge , but they had warned me that it would be taxing .
tr	I	Victoria shook her head and Liz opened her mouth to speak .
tr	I	He never told me , and he 's on drugs ?
tr	O	她不知道该如何看待这份提议，但是这确实在她心里种下了一颗希望的种子。
tr	O	我想和他在一起，但是这不是个好主意。
tr	O	他的翼下只有十几条龙，并且那一年他没有带来任何礼物。
tr	O	我明白你在说什么，并且你必须承认我最近表现得更好了。
tr	I	We don 't solicit applications and we don 't advertise openings .
tr	I	These things are usually over quite quickly , but they 'll miss each other , naturally .
tr	I	The music had stopped and everyone was watching us .
tr	I	The weight of his touch intensified , and he disappeared halfway through that sentence .
tr	O	她小声说了出来，但是她的声音似乎在回响。
tr	I	Nothing like we 've had since this guy blew into town , but we 've always had our share of crime .
tr	O	我开始抱怨，但是我意识到他全身因愤怒而颤抖时，我沉默了。
tr	I	Everyone jumped , and I shouted .
tr	I	He was already walking away , but he tried to hit the man 's grubby shoes .
tr	I	She thought for a moment that he was praying , and he knelt down in front of the altar .
tr	O	别人会冒领她的功劳，而且因为她当时是卧底，她无法夸耀在那段时间里侦破的案件。
tr	I	The look on her face was sexy as hell , and her crazy corkscrew curls were flying in every direction .
tr	O	那是一种不同的爱，并且它已不复存在。
tr	I	It wasn 't a surprise when Shelly returned with an apologetic smile , and a soup kitchen couldn 't exactly afford the best cuts of meat .
tr	I	I felt as though I was constantly missing some important details and everything with them was awkward .
tr	O	他摸到她太阳穴附近有一个大肿块，并且当他的指尖轻轻检查她时，她畏缩了。
tr	O	他突然向后退去，并且她噘嘴抗议。
tr	O	伯克希尔小姐咨询课迟到了，并且当她把东西放在桌上时，摩尔女士通过扩音器讲话了。
tr	O	路灯亮了起来，但是什么也没动。
tr	O	她回头看屏幕，而且一张纯粹失望的表情覆盖了她的脸。
tr	O	他们可能都是一群罪犯，但是就连他们也能在葬礼上表现得体。
tr	O	这对他来说会很尴尬，而且我想要让他免于父母的滔滔谢意。
tr	O	教授的灵魂正在归来，而且它还有点破损。
tr	I	No amount of preparation could replace experience and he had expected this , that this unit was as close as his old one .
tr	O	我注意到有几双眼睛盯着我，但是更多双眼睛盯着索耶。
tr	I	While they 'd fallen asleep earlier , they 'd still filled their evening with incredible sex , and he 'd spent the night again .
tr	I	It doesn 't look like she 's brushed it in a year , and her hair is straight , falling in sharp lines around her chin .
tr	O	我被告知，如果我渡到冥界才能免于这种命运……但是我想我的机会已经过去了。
tr	O	芝加哥很大，但是我不得不承认它无法企及纽约市的庄严。
tr	O	羞耻感再次涌上心头，感觉到罗布可怕的目光盯在我背上，并且我的脸垮了下来。
tr	O	他停顿了一下，并且他脸上的神情缓和了。
tr	O	她不知道他们是如何做出如此惊人的东西的，并且他们还有一种特殊的护发霜！
tr	O	阿拉娜看起来很坚定，但是连续数周用推车拉着阿拉娜已经让托马斯吃不消了。
tr	O	我看到了他们一些人脸上的恐惧，并且那股强烈的喜悦再次冲击了我。
tr	I	I 'm supposed to be one of them and there aren 't a lot of people you can be you around .
tr	O	它产生了大量的蒸汽，但是我仍然能清楚地看到结果。
tr	O	他当时明白了，并且他现在也会明白的。
tr	I	It felt like lifting an oak table , but he tried to raise the cover .
tr	I	He found some interesting papers , and he was rummaging through his parents ' bedroom .
tr	I	It was destroying her , and my mother had just realized that she 'd lost me .
tr	O	眼泪顺着我的脸流下来，并且我无法阻止它们。
tr	I	At least we could be , or we are near the end .
tr	O	我一直努力为这一刻做准备，但是该说的话始终没有想到。
tr	I	I practically choked on the blood and I began to spit it out .
tr	I	He hated pity and he hated scandal .
tr	O	三个女人的脸上都因恐惧而布满皱纹，并且这在基利的内心激起了喜悦。
tr	O	就在它的后面还有另外两座金字塔，但是你无法透过雨水看到它们。
tr	O	我认出了它，并且我的心跳加速，猛烈地撞击着我的肋骨。
tr	O	音乐开始从我耳边消退，并且我身边的人们从我的视线中消失了。
tr	I	She couldn 't help that , but Joy knew she sounded defensive .
tr	I	You want to believe that we can be and we want to be thoughtful .
tr	I	The sweat kept dripping into my eyes and my arms were aching .
tr	O	我希望有什么办法能让我独自承受痛苦，但是我明白那是不可能的。
tr	I	He can tell by my tone that it was bad , but he doesn 't press me for the details .
tr	O	她改变话题的意图很明显，并且道格知道他必须接受这些条件。
tr	I	The demon 's focus remained on Susi , and we approached as quietly as we could .
tr	O	它不多，但是看起来不错。
tr	I	I wanted to whip out the crowbar , just in case , and Adrenaline rushed through my limbs .
tr	O	然后他想起了自己身在何处，那远不止于那个早晨的情形，而且他的心沉了下去。
tr	O	我的心怦怦直跳，并且我很确定自己要昏过去了。
tr	O	罗斯的下巴肌肉开始抽动，并且我移开了视线，专注于我未动过的饼干。
tr	O	他只需要完成这最后一单派送，并且他的班就结束了。
tr	O	她的头开始转向我，并且就在我能看到她脸之前，我醒了。
tr	O	第二天，老人发现那是一场缉毒行动，但是他们没有发现任何毒品。
tr	O	她非常迫切地需要一句箴言，但是她当下想不出任何一个。
tr	I	I promised to meet him in the parking lot after work and Devin called .
tr	I	I can 't meet his gaze , but I do my best to treat Edward like a person .
tr	I	Her head knew she couldn 't allow that , but her body ached to be close to him , to be wrapped in his arms .
tr	I	Haven tensed as he approached her , and he gave a slight nod before turning .
tr	O	我的能力可能很稀有，但是它只能帮助我。
tr	O	他是我的Zane，并且这本该是它的样子。
tr	O	他多坚持了一会儿，但是这又是另一次速战速决。
tr	I	Lee caught the movement of his Adam 's apple and Cloud swallowed nervously .
tr	O	我以为是同一个科尔，但是那是一个正常该问的问题。
tr	I	They provided this report and we recruited a well-respected , reliable contractor to excavate the original location .
tr	O	她的双脚踩到实地，并且她因撞击而翻滚。
tr	O	我们教区的医院当然很小，并且它没有城市医院所能夸耀的设施。
tr	O	她住在这里的时候它那时候还没有，但是这条街上的生意频繁易手。
tr	I	It was true and it was out .
tr	O	在接下来的十五年里，巴勒莫是伊沃的学校，并且他的叔叔努齐奥是他的老师。
tr	I	He couldn 't find the words , but he figured he was expected to add some praise at this point .
tr	I	She knew whatever thought had crossed his mind had stirred his anger and when he pulled back , his eyes held touches of amber color .
tr	I	I step up to one of those , and there 's a row of ticketing machines off to one side of the actual service counters .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how to dress , but sure , it was a bit fancy .
tr	I	Now she needed something as normal as possible and he was the only normal person she knew .
tr	I	He had this sparkle in his eyes that showed too much hope for being together , but he was a cute , friendly boy .
tr	O	他的指尖拂过她的肩膀，并且她颤抖了。
tr	I	Immortality wasn 't going to stop it , and my body was doing this to itself .
tr	I	She forced herself to take a calming breath and they were only seconds away from optimal positioning .
tr	O	是的，我不会，并且是的，我会在那里。
tr	O	当我第一次给他发邮件寻求经济学帮助时，他肯定也知道，但是他没有给我任何提示。
tr	I	Most of it is muffled but I try to hear what he 's saying .
tr	I	She wanted to learn about every part of Cameron 's life , but Ainsley had no idea when she 'd ever have the chance .
tr	O	皱纹抚平了，并且老年斑淡化了。
tr	O	妈妈开车经过巴特利的破旧汽车旅馆，并且我瞥了一眼它U形排列的房间。
tr	O	我们可以看到那东西能飞多高，在绳子断裂，并且它飞走之前。
tr	O	杰克很有魅力，并且他闻起来很香。
tr	O	桑尼用手腕擦了擦眼睛，并且他立刻明白了她的想法。
tr	I	Nerissa had bled to death with their babe still inside her , and the child had failed .
tr	I	It was time to change it and Mark decided this was a bad plan .
tr	I	She sits back down , and his steady eyes meet hers .
tr	I	They both squinted to see past it and suddenly their faces were awash with light .
tr	O	我不知道这次他给他们看了什么，但是那肯定很好。
tr	O	墙壁屹立不倒，但是他不会被拒绝从他被封印的墓穴中复活。
tr	I	The grass was thick but Dave could see the top of the ball .
tr	O	我看到了自己将要成为什么样的人，而且这让我感到羞愧。
tr	O	他们对她做了些什么，而且现在他们意识到自己搞砸了。
tr	O	杰克，我不信任你，而且我不知道我是否还会再信任你。
tr	I	He was immediately more recognizable as himself , but Tiny flakes of glue still clung to his skin .
tr	O	捆在他手腕上的绳索松了，而且他慢慢地解放了双手，同时仍在努力呼吸。
tr	I	They stop , and he raises his fist again .
tr	O	音乐突然响彻空气，盖过了两个女孩所说的一切，但是看起来气氛很紧张。
tr	O	瑞尔姆在我旁边僵住了，而且他的手也放下了。
tr	I	Surely that couldn 't hurt , and she said firmly , expecting it to only be a little peck on the lips .
tr	I	He had to press a kiss to them and a soft whimper left her pretty lips .
tr	O	她的肌肉在她体内燃烧着，而且她感觉到自己的身体在颤抖。
tr	I	He walked and Cricket took the old axe handle .
tr	O	我的帽子掉在走廊的某个地方了，并且我也不打算回去找它。
tr	I	They cast their dark glow across his face , and the moons had inched slightly higher in the sky .
tr	O	比安卡·汤普森确实和菲比一起上过学，而且比安卡生了一个女儿，名叫妮娜。
tr	O	她想知道关于前一晚的答案，但是她的身体更需要他。
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to scream it at him .
tr	I	I was ready to go home and the clothes weren 't that interesting .
tr	O	她的眼睛更亮了，她的脸颊和喉咙看起来也充满了生气。
tr	I	You have a right to be , and you 're mad at him .
tr	I	I was showing off , and Aric kept the speed high .
tr	I	The wind tugged at it playfully but she brushed back her cascading hair .
tr	O	她本不该受伤，因为她知道那会发生，但是她还是受伤了。
tr	I	Just ahead , at the foot of its steps , loomed the front door , and a staircase ascended to my immediate right .
tr	I	She returned to her room , and I nodded .
tr	O	我喜欢身边有人，而且坦白说，我很高兴斯图尔特先生雇佣了你。
tr	O	仁坐在艾什旁边，就像他以前那样，并且两人正在进行他们自己的私人对话。
tr	I	He knows it and he 's gorgeous .
tr	O	艾舍的冒险全都白费了，而且现在他为此受到了惩罚。
tr	O	她的话让Leo感到困惑，但是它们不重要。
tr	O	我试图把它从我身上拔掉，并且我的手指滑过了一个锋利的东西。
tr	O	有一个时刻，当你变成吸血鬼时你会完全失去它，并且我失去了它。
tr	I	I kept trying to fix my appearance in the mirror , but this was good reason to get out while we could .
tr	O	他们在这海边什么也没解决，但是至少她不再哭了。
tr	O	这是他必须付出的代价，并且代价就是不必付出代价。
tr	O	框架顶部断裂了，并且接待窗口裂开了。
tr	I	She wasn 't there , but he looked in her room .
tr	I	I snag the food nonetheless , but I hope we won 't be here long enough to need them .
tr	I	I give him a little wave and Cole passes by us .
tr	I	That was reason for real celebration , and a royal wedding was in order .
tr	O	她试图眨掉它，但是它还在；坚实，纹丝不动。
tr	I	Love could appreciate that , but she adored Julie .
tr	O	她笑了，并且我嫉妒了。
tr	I	She had no idea how much longer she would have to pay for that son-of-a-bitch 's twisted act of deception , and she still was his .
tr	O	是特里普的主意要回去，并且，即使我知道他是对的，我也不愿做小白鼠。
tr	I	We 're going to leave , and I 'm going to graduate .
tr	I	I am stronger for it , and I know that you are with me in spirit .
tr	O	我试图对他们微笑，但是，我感到嘴唇微微颤抖。
tr	O	你是个放荡的荡妇，并且，你将会需要疼痛才能湿润。
tr	I	He wrapped them around his hands as makeshift gloves before prying open the lid , and she handed him the dish towels .
tr	I	I 'm not having anyone spoil the party this time , and ' Greensleeves Was My Delight ' is a wonderful theme .
tr	O	我胃里一阵绞痛，并且，我面对着她。
tr	I	She coughed and a tickle formed in her throat .
tr	O	我知道她喜欢争论，但是，这次她赢不了。
tr	O	他的四肢无力，并且，他痛苦地倒在地板上。
tr	I	The cold of nightfall descends and the sun goes down unnoticed .
tr	O	汉密尔顿的小妹妹看起来很无聊，并且，汉密尔顿的小弟弟看起来很兴奋。
tr	O	卡尔的声音因苦涩而颤抖，并且，他的目光垂向地板。
tr	I	I 'll need you to read it to me before you go , but I know you want to move immediately , Tavi .
tr	O	她必须活着，并且他需要救她。
tr	O	艾莉不想承认，但是她有点害怕。
tr	O	卡尔德直盯着门，并且他的手已经握成了拳头。
tr	O	马库斯的肚子与其说是咕咕叫不如说是嚎叫，并且他欣然大吃起来。
tr	I	Adam wouldn 't let him touch them , but he was excited about the Master Tools .
tr	I	It startled her , but Josh 's voice was barely a whisper .
tr	O	这些生物有非人类的特质，但是它们也有人类的特质。
tr	I	I sobbed loudly and my body shook .
tr	O	到处都是血，并且妈妈又把他送去急诊室。
tr	I	The windows were curtained in every room , and the walls were painted dark , earthy shades .
tr	I	Everything broke in time , but bones were powerfully strong .
tr	O	我母亲在我身后叫喊着，但是我此刻顾不上了。
tr	O	我望向舞池，但是我只看到两套女装躺在地上。
tr	O	她穿着适合凉爽天气的衣服，但是天气很热。
tr	O	他们自称蓝隼，并且他们定期试验魔法糖果。
tr	I	She didn 't know what to do and it was a feeling foreign to her .
tr	I	An edge of wistfulness seeped from it and his voice had dropped .
tr	O	等离子球只需感觉到物体最轻微的触碰，并且它就喷出火焰。
tr	I	You 've already claimed her and you had her four days .
tr	O	有人进来了，并且我需要藏起来。
tr	I	The pair were walking off together , discussing the game and he 'd swapped his jersey with his opposite number .
tr	I	My audience wasn 't really ready for it , but singing in two voices at the same time is rather pleasant .
tr	I	Their footsteps left tracks , and dust coated the shelves .
tr	I	She responded with a triple jump , clearing the board of red checkers , and Trip took Sarah 's piece .
tr	I	My stomach bunched and Dom stepped closer .
tr	O	我对你没有你希望的那种感情，并且我为此感到抱歉。
tr	O	我的喉咙很干，并且我的呼吸很粗重。
tr	O	随着发动机轰鸣启动，我们入座了，并且我徒劳地寻找安全带。
tr	O	他坐了起来，并且一块大石头从他胸口滚落到他的大腿上。
tr	I	He had never put his hands on them , but Lew shouted at them a lot .
tr	I	I 'm mesmerized by the fluid way he walks : a sleek predator on the move , and Isaiah hops off the counter .
tr	O	你可能不会在后九洞看到我，但是会有另一位经纪人照顾你。
tr	I	I usually didn 't complain and it was convenient .
tr	O	那个生物受伤了，而且很明显。
tr	O	他看到她时站了起来，并且她径直扑进了他的怀里。
tr	I	The dream of empire was born , and my protege immediately realized what he 'd created .
tr	I	It kept her grounded , and he held her tightly .
tr	O	我们再次急转弯，这次是向左，并且我听到了车轮在地上打滑的声音。
tr	O	我已经守寡十年了，并且你母亲也不在了。
tr	O	我能听到不规律的砰砰声，而且每一声都让我心跳加速。
tr	O	我不知道很多具体情况，但是如果约瑟夫是那些追随者的榜样，那么很明显他们是从榜样中学习的。
tr	O	在卡迈恩来得及将车挂入倒档之前，他的车门开了，并且有人抓住了他。
tr	O	不，我还没有求婚，但是我有这个打算。
tr	O	她总是跑去进行危险的冒险，并且从未有任何真正的后果。
tr	I	Daniel carefully rolled the scroll before climbing up out of the storeroom , and the torch was burning low .
tr	I	We 're not going to start it just yet , but yes it runs , actually it runs really great .
tr	I	His image twitched again , instinctively I lifted my pistol and I asked him .
tr	O	训斥没有奏效，并且丽莎长长地呼出了一口气。
tr	O	承诺他会停止，并且接着差点杀了我。
tr	I	She shoved them away and they were unwelcome memories .
tr	I	I had no clue which day she 'd gone where , but the beer garden was just ahead in the German Village .
tr	I	Scott knew it , and I knew it .
tr	I	As far as I knew , no one had seen her since that night and the police labeled her a runaway .
tr	O	伊桑点了点头，并且达米安轻轻颔首回应了我们，他脸上没有任何表情。
tr	O	她的头猛地转过来，并且狼又出现了。
tr	O	我无言地点了点头，并且他在出门前给了我一个最后的温柔的吻。
tr	O	乔伊不知道谁先起来的，但是很快他们就拥抱在一起了。
tr	O	我后退一步，并且他再次瞥了我一眼。
tr	O	月光透过附近的窗户反射进来，并且那把枪似乎在回视着他。
tr	I	It was probably more him than me that helped Doyle stand upright , and Frost grabbed one of his arms .
tr	O	就在那一秒我便知道我想和戴蒙共度余生，但是事情并非那么简单。
tr	I	There was death or there was it .
tr	I	Yet , it did not stop him from pleading , and he certainly saw the hypocrisy in his own prayers .
tr	O	我试图离开他，但是他闭着眼睛，将我拉得更紧。
tr	I	He 'd gotten much better at hiding it , but he was still uncomfortable dealing with people one-on-one .
tr	O	内多伊的腿感觉异常无力，并且她的喉咙因喘息而收紧。
tr	I	My eyes wouldn 't cooperate , but I was tempted to explore .
tr	O	我以为我愿意和他在一起，即使经历了所有的绝望，但是这对我来说实在太多了。
tr	I	They were too far underground to hear , but he tried to listen for the spatter of gunfire .
tr	I	As he does , I notice that he stinks of fish , and I step back so that he can walk into the house .
tr	I	She moved again and he placed a hand next to hers .
tr	O	至少她的酒店就在路边，并且我不用踉跄那么远。
tr	O	不，她没有以他的速度愈合，但是她的愈合速度远远超出了她所能达到的任何程度。
tr	I	Her body was constantly buzzing out of control around him , too , but she enjoyed his company .
tr	I	I sure don 't want to jeopardize my campaign by being complicit in a cover-up , and she didn 't mention my involvement , thankfully .
tr	O	我们静静地坐着，并且他终于继续了。
tr	I	They were engaged in self-congratulation when Black walked in wearing a mischievous grin , and Moss showed her his discovery .
tr	I	He was too sick to his stomach to care , but he knew he should be thankful that Bill hadn 't told Jesus to kill him too .
tr	O	她试了试门，并且门是开着的。
tr	O	是的，她正是Cam会喜欢的那种女孩，并且他可能也正是她会喜欢的那种男孩。
tr	I	Their dry , rocky faces were uninviting , but the mountains around her weren 't high .
tr	I	You had to assume there were plenty of cameras around , and the hard hat could not hide the ear piece he was wearing .
tr	I	It doesn 't come , but I 'm waiting for that feeling of disappointment .
tr	I	I couldn 't concentrate on it but I turned toward the center of the crater to watch .
tr	O	交出他的枪让克林特非常恼火，但是那还不是最糟糕的。
tr	O	她眨了眨眼，并且她的眼睛立刻从我脸上移开了。
tr	I	No sound came out , but as I watched her lean into him again , my throat constricted from the urge to scream .
tr	I	Her skin is creamy white in the dark and she turns her face .
tr	I	He 'd dropped his bomb and it 'd been two weeks since they 'd bumped into each other at Starbucks .
tr	I	The disgust I felt rolled deeply in my most inward parts and the thought unnerved me .
tr	O	他把一只手放在我的手臂上，并且我把它甩开了。
tr	I	She saw my internal debate , and I hesitated , starting to buckle under the strain of hiding this .
tr	I	I smile and he raises a golden eyebrow .
tr	O	我的推文不总深奥，但是它们偶尔会包含有关系列的信息。
tr	O	吉米设法消灭了那些吃她的生物，但是那时已经太晚了。
tr	O	萨凡纳在说话，并且布雷迪在笑她所说的一切。
tr	I	Alex always steered it firmly back to business , but Cale had tried to steer it into more personal conversation several times .
tr	O	我僵住了，希望疼痛减弱，但是我很高兴话题变了。
tr	I	Then Ezra stepped away from the couch , and a few more moments of thought passed .
tr	O	他俯身在她身上，并且她听到了纸张沙沙作响。
tr	O	很明显这些男人设下了陷阱，而且看起来我也找到了原因。
tr	I	That was it and he was here to get her to the alter .
tr	I	We finally reached a stopping point , but it took a lot of walking .
tr	O	这对他来说听起来是个好主意，但是他不喜欢离开她那非常诱人的身体去楼下冒险。
tr	O	他伸手去拿那件裙子，但是洛蕾莱不肯松手。
tr	I	I had no idea who I was looking for , but I went to Peaks Island to look for him .
tr	I	She 'd lose herself in his gaze or she had to get out of here .
tr	I	She scrambled back to her seat and he released his hold on Lilith .
tr	I	The day of his father 's deadline had arrived , and a week was soon up .
tr	I	Nothing in the world could make me happier , and she 's relaxing , letting down her guard .
tr	O	两个击球笼正在使用中，并且几群人漫步在迷你高尔夫球场上，在微型纪念碑环绕的人造草坪上推杆。
tr	I	She felt like she was going to be sick and her stomach tightened .
tr	I	I began to take notice of the interior decoration and we were making our way toward the east bar .
tr	O	莎拉朝我挪近了些，并且我靠在她身上。
tr	O	我知道你会失去一切，但是事情不一定非得那样。
tr	I	I knew she wasn 't really herself , and I could feel Tim 's presence all around me .
tr	O	我想他和我姐姐可能，嗯，不只是那样。
tr	I	They all knew it and the man was dying .
tr	I	Cruz stopped me but I started to back away .
tr	O	那是他种族的诅咒，并且那是他很久以前就已听天由命的宿命。
tr	I	I don 't know where , but he 's inside the complex .
tr	I	That will get rid of the bullet in the chamber , and then pull the slide back .
tr	O	在这一切开始之前，他从不相信那样的事情可能发生，但是从那时起他已经学到了很多。
tr	I	For the most part , the knowledge hadn 't changed us any , and we had an unspoken contract not to discuss our relationship publicly .
tr	I	Tapped on his workstation and nodding the goblin bent over .
tr	I	Stone crumbled to the ground and he punched the wall again .
tr	O	弗朗茨说会没事的，因为那只是在外环路上，而且周围没有人。
tr	I	Jean scowled at her little brother , and said Ron angrily from the landing .
tr	O	她继续颤抖，但是她不完全相信恐惧是原因。
tr	O	这一切如梦般的特质让他想知道这是否真的在发生，但是他发现他不在乎。
tr	I	It felt so real and Sara worked with them .
tr	O	我知道我向克里斯承诺了什么，但是克里斯不知道过去一年我经历了什么。
tr	I	Now I 'm not so sure , but I thought she liked me once .
tr	I	I would never hurt either of them and Izzy is my daughter in every way .
tr	I	Her safety was more important to me than anything else , but it made me feel like an asshole .
tr	O	我带他去了他的房间，并且他过了一会儿就镇定下来了。
tr	I	His grin widened and as he looked up , he saw a tall figure glaring down at him .
tr	I	It wouldn 't fit through the airlock anyway , and there 's no room inside the cabin .
tr	I	He didn 't fall to the ground , but the blow to the head sent Rodney staggering sideways .
tr	O	走近一看，他的声音听起来如此痛苦，而且我看到了他侧脸上的痛苦。
tr	I	His collar was out and he had a tie hanging over his shoulders undone .
tr	I	She also couldn 't deny that she was bone tired , but she didn 't want to admit any weakness around this man .
tr	I	The sensation lingered after she pulled away and her lips were so soft on my skin .
tr	O	他告诉她他有一个合并会议要去开，而且她知道他骗了她。
tr	O	他把杆子扔到地板上，并且它咔嗒一声滚开了。
tr	I	Everything else seems to fit , and we were told to be to on the watch for strange activity associated with your joining ceremony .
tr	I	No delay is acceptable and President Shepherd has said the meeting should take place immediately .
tr	O	他望向另一艘游艇，想看看是否有任何动静，但是一切都显得寂静无声。
tr	O	她比他想得更周全，而且他喜欢这种改变。
tr	O	他曾直面自己的凡人之躯，并且他恳求你母亲原谅他。
tr	I	It was for the best , but for a second , I missed that I couldn 't hold her hand .
tr	O	我转向伊恩，并且他的脸上毫无血色。
tr	I	I feel alone , like no one understands but everywhere I look there 's people surrounding us .
tr	I	Graham understood them , but the words were in Fae .
tr	I	I always believed in vampires , but I never believed in magic .
tr	O	我做好了准备，然后我重重地摔在了地上。
tr	I	There is a devil and there are angels .
tr	O	泰丝，一如既往地，在任何一个阵营里都不觉得舒服，而且，她的脚踝，虽然好转了，但仍然很痛。
tr	I	Roberto decided to do it early in the morning , when most of those men would still be asleep and it was already late .
tr	I	No one did , but Dan hoped someone would offer her a ride home .
tr	I	She wasn 't there , either , but I scanned the hangar as I walked inside .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure what , and it reminded her of something .
tr	O	我在灯塔，并且我的名字是克莱奥。
tr	I	It rang immediately and I laid down the phone .
tr	I	Her face remained a frozen mask and Monique didn 't bother to turn .
tr	O	她耐心等待，直到她听到他的脚步声完全远去，并且他的卧室门再次咔哒一声关上。
tr	I	I 've told you , but you keep saying that .
tr	I	Somehow the action was cathartic , but he usually hated doing it .
tr	O	男人们会担心她的安全，而且这可能会轻易导致他们的死亡。
tr	O	和赖德的第三节课很尴尬，并且他是我新的科学搭档。
tr	I	I stayed in to watch a movie with Monty , and Kevin went out on a date later that night .
tr	I	They were different from the ones they 'd bought for Patrick , and she noticed all the new stuffed animals still had tags on them .
tr	O	他问了一个简单的问题，然而我却无法回答。
tr	O	帕姆动了动嘴唇，但是没有发出声音。
tr	I	Being hunted made him go cold all over , but he 'd spent much of his life hunting .
tr	I	Before he could move , Sam had positioned herself for the shot and Hunter paused .
tr	I	His voice was a low growl in my ear , and I gasped his name into his mouth , my fingers digging into his bicep .
tr	I	She didn 't push , yet she understood that he had struck his brother completely from the conversation .
tr	O	万物皆是女神的一部分，并且女神也是万物的一部分。
tr	I	She doesn 't pry , but she 's clearly puzzled .
tr	O	镣铐能束缚他的双手，但是它们永远无法阻止他的音乐。
tr	O	她不愿与他对视，并且他拍了拍身旁的座位。
tr	O	她很泼辣，并且我很胆小。
tr	O	她停好车了，并且我正在停车。
tr	O	我张开双臂，假装毫不在乎，但是事实是我在乎。
tr	I	Ty stopped him with a hand on his chest , but he moved to pass Ty .
tr	O	当然，从这里她仍然能听到所有说的话，但是至少她不用翻译。
tr	I	It 's wholly unsuccessful , but I try to smile .
tr	O	卡斯尔用他的能量将物体抛向空中，并且我的任务是从房间另一边摧毁它们。
tr	I	I got one , but I didn 't expect an answer .
tr	I	I say it aloud , quietly in the darkness of my suite and her name is soft on my tongue .
tr	O	包含着他们隐藏的含义和值得怀疑的谎言。
tr	O	他绞尽脑汁，并且比利的面孔突然浮现出来，带着瑞安之前看到过的同样奇怪的赞许表情。
tr	O	黛拉的眼睛亮了起来，并且她的犬牙显露出来。
tr	I	I was savoring every moment of it , and I had never seen anything like this .
tr	O	银质餐具摆放在咖啡桌上，并且两只精致的瓷杯整齐地摆着，刚倒的茶水冒着热气。
tr	I	He bent his shrewd stare on his uncle , and Daniel 's attention came back from his future .
tr	I	For the long-term , he wanted a gem , but he was like me , in that any girl was okay for a night in the sack .
tr	O	显然，上帝对此有一个计划，并且杰森发现自己深深地扎根于那个计划中。
tr	I	I needed to find out what it was and as far as I was concerned , he had a motive .
tr	I	I was happy to let them do it , and I respected what they did .
tr	I	I pressed my face against his hand , and Doyle laid his hand against my cheek .
tr	I	Instead of snarling , she ran her typical circles , but my wolf jumped to attention immediately .
tr	O	她跑出了门，并且他在房间里踱步，他的靴子撞击着美耐板地面发出砰砰声。
tr	I	The weight on top of me was eased off , and Martin said .
tr	O	那些女人在一个安全屋里，或者至少她们认为它是安全的。
tr	I	She 's better for it and it 's made her stronger .
tr	O	诺亚每天都在三点一刻准时下公交车，而且他必须在五分钟内给我打电话，不容有失。
tr	O	她抬头看他，并且他示意让她打开它。
tr	I	One of us is actually a mortal and we are a club of immortals !
tr	I	We picked Doyle up , but it took some maneuvering , like an arm version of a three-legged race .
tr	I	Maybe she was just one of those females who hated other women , but I thought that was why she didn 't like Lei , either .
tr	O	他又说了一遍，并且他亲吻了我。
tr	O	没有人说话，并且我们没有足够的办法强迫他们说话。
tr	O	我考虑过那么做，吃掉死者……但是我没有。
tr	I	Unlikely to release them to foreigners , and Wil didn 't think so , for they held the keys to the countries future .
tr	O	他在那两个区域上呼吸着，并且疼痛再次席卷而来。
tr	O	如果凯西是个那么棒的游泳者，她就不会淹死了，并且那时候还有我。
tr	O	我只是有更好的事情要做，并且他们是你的朋友，不是我的。
tr	I	She couldn 't help getting sucked into trouble from time to time , but she knew to leave business of the estate alone .
tr	I	I flopped to the ground like a fish out of water and my left foot barely hit the back of my right .
tr	I	I didn 't look at her , but I could feel Julie 's terror .
tr	O	阳光照在她的眼睛里，并且沙子不舒服地压在她的脖子上。
tr	I	Her shield must still be working , and Jane brought us here , remember .
tr	O	这真是太奇怪了，我才和布雷克在一起几个月，并且我感觉我们在一起很久了。
tr	O	我在空间站有一些手下，但是我们还没有掌握所有相关人员的名单。
tr	I	It wasn 't to discuss that , and she knew what she wanted .
tr	O	凯尔扑向她，但是她敏捷地从他手中挣脱了。
tr	I	He didn 't really belong , but he looked human .
tr	O	医院其他地方可能发生了核爆炸，并且她会完全没有察觉。
tr	O	他们走进大厅，并且欧文抓住了吉尔的衣领。
tr	O	第六章 绿叶书店离餐馆不远，并且我在它前面停了下来，看着橱窗展示。
tr	I	I wish she would relax and although I 'll still go no matter what she says , I want her to support me .
tr	O	我脑海中浮现出那个画面，并且我甚至害怕描述它。
tr	I	George let her get away with the lie , but she was bright red as she said the words .
tr	O	我笑了，但是我的脸上没有笑容。
tr	I	The crowd is small , and it 's still early .
tr	I	I didn 't really know what I was looking for , but I moved to the front of the ship where Sean had motioned .
tr	I	He isn 't rebellious , but Thomas is many things .
tr	O	没有两座城堡是相同的，并且这样一来，没有两天是相同的。
tr	O	她的父母没有回答，但是她的父亲抓住了她的手。
tr	I	Julia 's cheeks , already pink with emotion , flamed and he turned to give her a sexy smile .
tr	O	瑞秋热情地把他拉了进去，并且他任由她牵着，虽然速度很慢，莎拉觉得很容易跟上。
tr	I	I 'm terrified to wake up from it , and this really is all a dream .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to invite her , but she could come in .
tr	I	His knees folded like the flimsy legs on Esme 's ironing board and he barely deflected the blow as the lamp connected with his skull .
tr	O	她不会轻易放过这件事的，而且我敢打赌她的父亲也不会。
tr	I	He stepped back and the elevator binged .
tr	I	I throw him a bone , and West slumps against the wall .
tr	O	他的眼中闪烁着痛苦，并且我移开视线，假装没有看到。
tr	I	You were gone , but the magic was up , so I ran over here , got inside with my key .
tr	O	在一个幸福的瞬间，我仿佛又回到了十岁，并且我们在加利福尼亚州尼德尔斯的一个KOA营地。
tr	I	Considering the density of the brain it was grossly inadequate , but that was good surgical placement .
tr	I	We made our way back to our picnic spot , and he took me by the hand again .
tr	O	断开联系并不容易，但是他做到了。
tr	I	They were on their way , but they weren 't soaking wet .
tr	I	She seemed close to tears and Amira 's face was red .
tr	I	We can use the raid to our advantage and I think we shall find what we want .
tr	I	A man plummeted from above to land on the deck ten feet away , and there was another scream , this time up in the rigging .
tr	I	I almost fell inside and as I raised my hand to ring the bell , the door opened .
tr	O	温斯顿用长矛刺去，但是狼把它拍开了。
tr	O	这不是她所梦想的，但是这是一个开始。
tr	I	I think Rosetta did not preserve the document very well , and I believe that part of the Story is common to all the Kingdoms .
tr	I	I kept my concentration glued on careful foot placement rather than my latest fight with my mom , and the terrain grew increasingly difficult to navigate .
tr	I	She was in trouble , and now she was here .
tr	O	这是普尔太太的休息日，并且梅布里阿姨还在床上。
tr	I	It never occurred to either one of us to tell him , and Peter knew nothing of it , of course .
tr	O	老妇人厉声说道，并且伴随着那一声，茱莉亚的恐惧消退了。
tr	I	Her hands were like ice , but her stomach was burning up .
tr	O	当我靠近她时，姬看着我，并且我注意到她眼中希望的闪烁。
tr	O	有了新闻学课程，她的日子会比平时更忙碌，但是夏季是放松的时间。
tr	O	她认识阿尔·福尔特多年了，但是他们的关系是通过各自的配偶巩固的。
tr	I	I moved away from him and he held out the gown .
tr	O	这太不可能了，并且他产生了怀疑。
tr	I	Her mouth watered , and Eric leaned to her again .
tr	I	She wished she could take the words back , and he sighed at the mention of their loss .
tr	I	She gave , submitting herself to his possessive embrace , making him completely lose it , and he demanded .
tr	O	天色太昏暗，无法看清锁是什么样子，并且它一定设有陷阱。
tr	O	只要时间允许，我就会写作，但是事情很快就会变得有点忙乱。
tr	I	He was grinning , but she looked for an angry reaction .
tr	I	I relish the sound despite my confusion , and Ivy laughs .
tr	O	他们记性很好，但是他似乎一点都没有。
tr	O	我有一个母亲般的吸血鬼，并且我从未知道。
tr	O	我们不断地与国会作斗争，并且我们也在与总统作斗争。
tr	O	她笑了，并且兰斯心想他从未见过如此纯洁的脸庞。
tr	O	她撒了谎，并且他讨厌说谎的人。
tr	I	It could only be a matter of time , but so far , Peter had not seen any of his companions amongst them .
tr	O	他的目光与我相遇，并且我被定住了。
tr	I	Five seconds later , the lock clicked open , but I listened for any sign someone was coming .
tr	O	黄昏正在结束，并且星星开始出现。
tr	I	They didn 't attack her , but the wolves didn 't stop growling .
tr	I	Josh grimaced and Printer nodded .
tr	O	他们先去取了特拉维斯的咖啡，并且随后他们开车去了监狱。
tr	O	他确实欠了凯尔，并且即使他打算把那个人抓起来，他也不能这样背叛他。
tr	I	She could hear him shift in his seat , but the priest didn 't speak .
tr	O	如果威胁不是真的，他就不必费力去打架，但是那些该死的牙齿。
tr	I	No one was speaking , but the passageway was more crowded than he 'd ever seen it .
tr	I	Eastward they saw the windy uplands of the Wold of Rohan that they had already glimpsed many days ago from the Great River and ahead .
tr	O	泪水让妮可的眼睛湿润了，并且她紧紧地抿住嘴唇，仿佛要把所有真正想说的话都吸回去。
tr	I	It wasn 't his problem , and Kyle was being so helpful .
tr	I	Of course , Romulus wasn 't there , but his eyes searched the room frantically .
tr	O	你可以从十倒数，或者我来替你做。
tr	I	I didn 't know how to harness enough magic to keep fighting them now , but they won 't stop .
tr	O	我弯下腰去捡，但是房间里传来了叫喊声。
tr	I	The front door slammed , and I heard a creak .
tr	I	It would be suspicious enough that I haven 't drawn blood , and he has no reason not to rip this information from you .
tr	I	She didn 't lose the defiant edge to her gaze , but her expression paled somewhat .
tr	O	迈尔斯开始勃然大怒，并且他的脉搏狂跳不止。
tr	O	他对我眨了眨眼，并且我咯咯地笑了。
tr	O	房间里的每个人都转身看着哈尔斯顿，但是他似乎不明白为什么。
tr	I	One of my best friends became my worst enemy and my worst enemy became my sister 's best friend .
tr	I	Personal communication was password protected , but so far , I hadn 't found anything .
tr	I	I can forget about Grant , the farm , everything and it 's like our own little world .
tr	I	Now there were none , but just an hour earlier she 'd had several bars .
tr	O	他们的院子不大，但是她父亲的园艺一丝不苟。
tr	O	巴力嘶嘶地说着什么，并且阿廖沙的真身突然显现。
tr	O	录音说她的电话对他们很重要，然而却花了将近十分钟才接通一个真人售票员。
tr	I	He didn 't want to know , and he didn 't know what they did with someone if they needed a tomb before that time elapsed .
tr	I	She laughed out loud as the wind rushed through her hair , and another driver gave her a thumbs-up .
tr	I	Here I was being a follower and Khan had just finished explaining to me that we were meant to hunt alone .
tr	O	有一瞬间，我吓得够呛，以为肖恩把我一个人绑在床上就走了，但是接着我感觉到了他的手放在我的臀部上。
tr	I	I missed her , and it felt like I had my best friend back .
tr	O	他们不想让我知道，但是我发现了。
tr	O	科尔紧闭着双眼，发出微弱的窒息声。
tr	I	She reached for the necklace to reassure herself it was still there , while simultaneously reaching out with her mind , and Jackie 's stomach sank .
tr	I	It seemed to zip straight through her system and she 'd never tasted anything like that before .
tr	I	Turned as he slept and * * * * * Adam tossed .
tr	O	他牵着我的手，并且我们手牵手走进了房子。
tr	O	他们把我们连根拔出只是时间问题，并且他们正在我们有据点的每个城市这样做。
tr	I	It was not , but something about him was off .
tr	O	我想站在正确的一边，但是我只是再也搞不清楚了。
tr	I	So far as anyone knew , no vampires had access to cannons , and a cannonball would have to be used to knock through the exterior .
tr	O	如果必要，我们可以惩罚，但是我们绝不能乐在其中。
tr	I	There is no possible way to avoid him but I don 't want to talk to him .
tr	O	他想把目光从罗杰身上移开，但是他却无法移开目光。
tr	O	麦基的嘴动了动，但是一个字也没说出来。
tr	O	他很后悔不得不把加伦推倒在地，但是他需要他摆脱典狱长的掌控。
tr	O	这句翻译起来相当困难，但是她还是努力了。
tr	I	Any impression of invincibility was betrayed by the rubble , but the setting sun cast the gray stone in a rose-colored hue .
tr	I	The air is exceptionally smoky , but the land is a light grey .
tr	I	She couldn 't inhale , but she tried to breathe in again .
tr	O	我看起来像个妓女，但是这差不多就是目的。
tr	I	The stunning grayness seemed to pop out at me , and she 'd applied a dark , smoky eye shadow with long , thick , black mascara .
tr	O	会没事的，但是你需要冷静下来。
tr	I	It could have been avoided had none of the other things happened , and the accident was next .
tr	O	毕竟我爱我的家，但是如果没有能帮助我的东西，我不能就这样在那里虚度光阴。
tr	I	She almost felt sorry for him , and he looked away .
tr	O	他回望着她，并且他眼中再无邪恶的痕迹。
tr	O	所有进来这里的人都想要同样的东西，但是他们都因为不同的理由想要它。
tr	O	我告诉了阿提克斯，当我和阿丽塔发出仿佛已经走开的脚步声时。
tr	I	It wasn 't that secret , vulnerable glimpse into her heart that it usually was , but there was still something there .
tr	I	There 's no guarantee it will work , but I might be able to lead us away from them .
tr	O	我因为对他撒谎而觉得自己像个傻瓜，并且我知道我通过对他撒谎正在毁掉我与他之间的所有机会。
tr	O	明天还有20英里的河程要跑，并且每个人都需要休息好。
tr	O	他再次举起相机，并且每个人都定格姿势以便再拍一张。
tr	O	门滑开了，并且克罗诺斯的两个超级赛昂人走了进来。
tr	I	I knew Lawrence was again moving through the house , and the hardwood floors vibrated .
tr	I	They both came striding over , and Silvio had been standing next to Sophia .
tr	O	我不情愿脱掉他的衬衫，但是我清楚我不能让它留在上面。
tr	I	She didn 't only have herself to think about but she would 've walked out the doors when the take-over had occurred .
tr	O	它已经爆炸过一次了，并且他们刚刚重建了它。
tr	O	我在看到灯光之前听到了警笛声，并且当我看到警车在街上疾驰时我咒骂了一声。
tr	I	He was already pushing her toward the door of another room , but she was shaking her head , trying to get the words out .
tr	I	That didn 't diminish the strength of her indignation , but her voice wobbled just a little .
tr	O	我问，并且他点头。
tr	I	Bodies constantly bumping yours , and it takes time to get used to the feeling of closeness .
tr	O	沃尔特的声音在亨利身后隆隆作响，但是他没有转向他。
tr	O	我们离行星太远了，看不到那些甲虫，但是我猜想它们的队伍里一片混乱。
tr	I	There was still emotion behind her eyes , but her face didn 't show any sign of tears .
tr	I	I didn 't feel any pain , but her fingernails dug into my skin .
tr	O	也许她应该找人看看精神分裂症……但是她很清楚并非如此。
tr	O	进展缓慢得令人痛苦，但是他的耐心是永恒的。
tr	O	灵魂永生，但是身体终将死亡。
tr	O	詹姆斯不希望他的妻子等着他，但是她说话的方式告诉他现在不是争论的时候。
tr	O	那个声音就像一拳打在我肚子上，并且我立刻僵住了，每根神经末梢都冻结了。
tr	O	没有痕迹，并且肿胀也消失了。
tr	I	She hadn 't stopped to consider what that meant , but she was dimly aware that Paul 's yells had stopped some time ago .
tr	I	Celaena 's swords remained at the ready , but the guard faltered .
tr	I	She couldn 't find the space to care , but the force of her orgasm left her blind .
tr	O	她的双臂抬了起来，并且她的手在从她脑后的头发上取下发夹的过程中静止了。
tr	O	我讨厌把目光从丹克的凝视中移开，但是我还是这样做了，为了和吉说再见。
tr	O	这张照片是在他们的另一个基地拍摄的，并且这名男子是在一次快速冲刺中被捕获的。
tr	O	我知道我下床时他们都醒了，但是他们俩都没对我说什么。
tr	I	Nicolas readily forgave himself for this , but he might have had harsh feelings for the one holding up his play to now .
tr	O	他走向冰箱，并且她看着他的肩膀移动。
tr	I	Her housekeeper told him the news , but Helena was in Edinburgh visiting relatives .
tr	I	Your house is strange , and I cannot , indeed , understand the way you live .
tr	I	I have seen Tripoli and I have seen Morocco .
tr	I	I needed to hold her for awhile but I wouldn 't make love to her right now .
tr	O	现在我不仅看到了她，而且我还感觉自己仿佛就是她！
tr	O	瑞克给了科林一个饱受折磨的眼神，并且科林想知道瑞克和西比尔在一起的第三天会是什么样子。
tr	O	我非常想向她倾诉，但是我知道她不会相信我。
tr	I	She wouldn 't survive this emotionally , even if she survived it physically , or she had to quell the fear charging through her .
tr	I	I 'm too tired to go get her , but I told her not to go down there alone .
tr	I	I 've got my friends , and I 've got Singer here .
tr	I	He can see the tension on my face , but he can 't hear the conversation .
tr	O	他爱派对的作风让埃德温再次感到年轻，并且他总是邀请埃德温晚上出去玩。
tr	O	梅森开始检查托盘，检查每个缝隙，检查油布下面，但是巨大的数量使得这项任务无法在任何一分钟的扫描内完成。
tr	I	It constantly plagued his thin skin , and he hated the cold .
tr	O	我已经很久没有喝过那种高档的星巴克咖啡了，而且它比我记忆中的味道更好。
tr	I	She began , and fearing I wouldn 't make it through reading the letter myself , I gave her the go ahead .
tr	O	她的失望是她之后需要处理的事情，但是她现在还不准备放弃。
tr	O	它早就被摧毁了，并且一切对我们所有人来说都会照常进行。
tr	I	Shoving it into his backpack and grabbing anything of value .
tr	O	事实上，他看起来略显恼怒，但是那可能更多是我的投射而非准确的解读。
tr	I	It had been all my fault , and my son had been reduced to a frightened , shivering newborn kitten .
tr	O	科尔顿不理解这个过程，但是他正在适应它。
tr	I	She suddenly looked tense , but Mum shrugged her shoulders .
tr	O	这也许并不是一个多么不寻常的故事，但是这是你用言语表达一切的方式。
tr	I	A year later you were born and we were married within a year .
tr	O	她踏上门廊，并且白天的热浪扑面而来。
tr	O	呜咽声停止了，并且我跳了进去。
tr	O	诺克斯的嘴唇抿成一条细线，并且他把手臂环绕在我的肩膀上。
tr	I	It would have been possible in many directions to have reached neighbouring islands by a mere jump and the sea was still calm .
tr	I	She simply couldn 't afford to fall victim to it this time but Distance had not diminished the power of his attraction .
tr	O	我会准备好，但是如果老师是一只猫，那么我就会跑掉。
tr	I	Francesca glanced up to see Butch filling the entire doorway , and a shadow darkened the place where Paris had first entered the room .
tr	I	Then lay still again , but the rabbit kicked once as the arrow came out .
tr	O	他们看起来没有武装，但是那不意味着他们没有武装。
tr	O	不，我们的女儿想出来，并且她不愿意再等了。
tr	I	I tuned most of it out , but Casey seemed to tear up as she listened to the ceremony .
tr	I	The young man protested which was unusual , but traditionally , they decided to leave Heyday in the space ship .
tr	O	巨鸟变得疲惫，并且它的翅膀疼痛。
tr	I	He quite liked it , and it was odd for him to be thinking of someone else 's feelings for a change .
tr	I	I released Goldie and after a few moments my tears slowed , then stopped .
tr	I	Her gaze darted from him to Elijah speculatively and she hesitated .
tr	I	The servers need to be completely connected , but I 'll work on individual machines shortly .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to .
tr	I	Steve took in several deep breaths until the familiar ache passed and the acid building up in his stomach seemed to explode with pain .
tr	I	Parker looked like the lightning ball electrocuted her and Sebastian flipped her over .
tr	I	My head was spinning in a thousand directions , but the wine was beginning to help calm me .
tr	O	夜晚凉爽地贴着我的皮肤，并且我的心在我的肋骨下剧烈跳动。
tr	I	She would , and her goal was to marry off all three of her boys .
tr	I	I could feel his heartbeat quicken as my head pressed against his chest and he wrapped his arms around my body .
tr	I	My golden eyes narrowed and the visor slid back .
tr	O	每个实验室只获得了少量用于测试对象，并且他们没有剩下多少可以分析的了。
tr	O	他没听到任何动静，并且肯尼松了一口气。
tr	O	我看着他，并且有一秒钟他很脆弱，就像我年轻时爱过的那个弟弟一样。
tr	O	我本可以通过心智之术去那里，但是那已不再被允许了。
tr	O	压力室启动了，并且外舱门打开了。
tr	O	那是一件无袖的夏季黄色亚麻衣，而且为什么他们在谈论它超出了她的理解。
tr	I	I could smell the yeast from the beer on his breath and he leaned closer .
tr	I	I had a feeling Marcus was trying to protect my feelings , and those words settled heavily between us for a few moments .
tr	O	我看不清她的面部特征，但是她是一团耀眼的蓝色。
tr	O	从子宫的温和环境到严酷现实的通道太长了，并且他没有在旅途中幸存下来。
tr	I	Suddenly we are not , and yesterday it looked as if we would be having a species war right in the middle of the city .
tr	O	他们要来了，并且他会反复检查直到最后一刻。
tr	O	整个银河系都充满了混乱，并且文明衰落了。
tr	I	I think he 's taking advantage of the fact that you 're so young and you 're too young to go through something like that .
tr	O	他的脸苍白，几乎和雪的覆盖物一样白，但是汗珠布满了他的额头。
tr	I	The wind was gone , and it grew rapidly humid .
tr	I	The worst the boy could expect was a twinge of rheumatism when he was around eighty , but it was a chilly night .
tr	O	我再次拨号，并且阿曼达接听了。
tr	I	As he spoke , his voice chilled her to the bone , and these eyes were the colour of the underside of an iceberg .
tr	I	Both knew what had happened that evening , but neither said a word .
tr	I	No one I knew , but it was a really cute boy .
tr	I	I saw my life before me and I sat up there .
tr	O	俄耳甫斯在到达地面之前回头了，并且她被立刻拽回了冥界。
tr	I	They scrambled to mount their horses and Bowen was already shouting orders to the men .
tr	O	我有那么多话想对她说，但是自从这一切开始以来我们一直没有时间。
tr	I	As she dials each number it goes to voicemail , but she has the phone out immediately .
tr	I	A bullet shattered the wood just above his head , and the men turned just as he reached the wall .
tr	O	部分原因是有比吉特紧贴着我的左侧，但是说实话，这感觉有点像回家。
tr	I	The deep gashes had faded to little more than just scratches with a few deeper gouges , but the wounds weren 't completely gone .
tr	O	她是个漂亮的女孩，但是海文认为她脸上没有那些遮挡物时看起来好多了。
tr	O	我转身看她，但是她没有回头。
tr	O	扎克仍然昏睡在沙发上，并且威尔在包厢里看书。
tr	I	That would have complicated matters , but we could have given you a new , full life as a Little Person .
tr	O	是她，而且没有别人。
tr	I	She jumped and the baritone voice was immediately behind her .
tr	O	克鲁兹住在另一个国家，并且你和内特在一起。
tr	O	我今晚已经指认了两名杀手，并且他仍然会和他们俩争夺最可憎的称号。
tr	O	当然，我可能有点疯狂，但是我很有魅力。
tr	O	我能感觉到他正在打量我，但是我不会看他。
tr	I	Bobo caught a hint of incredulity , but probably the sheriff was trying to sound neutral .
tr	O	他的手仍然放在我的腰上，但是我假装没有注意到。
tr	O	丹妮一放学就想给达伦打电话，但是她没有时间。
tr	O	也许我在你的世界里做不了什么，但是我却是鬼魂世界的大人物。
tr	O	我挣脱了手臂，并且他没有反抗我。
tr	O	这些是北地掠夺者，并且他们已准备好战斗。
tr	I	I 'll seriously consider it , and it 's a fabulous offer .
tr	I	We talked long into the night , and it was my sister .
tr	I	I know I 'm not delivering it but I want her to have the best .
tr	I	He knew that would only frighten her , but he wanted to invade her mouth with hot kisses .
tr	I	He wiped the last of her tears away and Denise looked up at Seth .
tr	I	By God he was going to tell it and this was his story -- a crazy , messed up lie of a story -- .
tr	I	Her grammar was lacking , and she had an edge to her voice , like she was from another city .
tr	O	起初这似乎是一种强加，但是其中一位僧侣站了出来。
tr	O	克里斯蒂也没有，并且在她看来，露丝置身事外也挺好。
tr	I	I stared wordlessly at him and I felt a lead weight drop into my stomach .
tr	O	火焰噼啪作响，并且它的气味让她的鼻孔灼热。
tr	I	I feel bad , and I know it had to be uncomfortable to wait for the bathroom .
tr	O	过去几个月我们经常交谈，但是我没有告诉她任何关于杰克逊的事情。
tr	O	她可能无法真正接近他们，但是她希望这种情况有所改变。
tr	O	她咧着嘴的笑容变成了怒容，并且她无视我，她浓密的马尾辫甩离了我。
tr	O	我的大腿肌肉酸痛，并且我的脚趾上沾满了亚历克斯的干血。
tr	O	我抬头望着在我头顶闪耀的星星，并且我开始数它们。
tr	O	我可能设定了标准，但是这是你的项目。
tr	I	I couldn 't leave , but it probably was stupid .
tr	I	My vision blurred , and there was soft thunder in Henry 's voice .
tr	I	The two men opened their briefcases , and my target smiled at that .
tr	O	我与他保持同步，并且那是纯粹的狂喜。
tr	O	他弄到了一把霰弹枪，并且他正将它指向她。
tr	O	我看着他的脸，并且他看着我的脸。
tr	I	Her face felt flushed with passion , and her heart pounded in her chest .
tr	O	外面有一辆面包车在等着，并且我被塞进了后座。
tr	I	He had to clear his throat and his voice sounded rusty .
tr	O	我回头寻找艾登，但是他已经不见了。
tr	I	I was beginning to nod off against the window , and I hadn 't gotten a wink of sleep in the plane .
tr	I	Brittany played hostess and everyone sat down .
tr	O	今晚的派对真的是她最不想去的地方，但是她的父母要求她今晚到场，所以她来了。
tr	O	我们沿着它走下去，经过一扇又一扇门，并且我保持高度警觉。
tr	I	The water in the pool bubbled ferociously and the earth beneath their feet rolled slightly .
tr	I	We decided it 'd be worth the risk , and he was dying to know more about Nina .
tr	I	There were times when he was more hesitant than others , but I didn 't always have to prompt him like this .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist real sugar , but I usually took it as thick as motor oil .
tr	I	She thought he would make an excellent government leader , and Anna had heard that he was planning on a career in politics .
tr	O	她完全清楚自己在与我之间的处境，从而达成了这项安排，并且她若作他想，那是她自己的愚蠢。
tr	I	In the dim light it gets too difficult to see , but I try to read some more of Quickly 's journal .
tr	O	他不说谎，并且他备受尊敬。
tr	I	She was mesmerized by Ryan 's ability to retain his composure but Melody wanted to run .
tr	I	I made it and it was a rookie mistake .
tr	O	在此事结束前，你不能返回庇护所，因为他们会跟踪你到那里，并且会死人。
tr	I	I felt a sudden overwhelming urge to hug her and her voice was soft , unsure .
tr	I	She didn 't move away , didn 't even flinch , but he took a step toward her .
tr	O	我意识到自己是多么的愚蠢，并且我松开手让小册子落下。
tr	I	For some reason he didn 't want to , but Trapper had a feeling that if he brought up the idea of going home .
tr	I	His sad eyes glassed over , and he nodded .
tr	I	It hardly hit solid but Jimmy hit him again .
tr	I	She turned back to her friend and her face brightened .
tr	O	你只是想帮我，并且我却对你发火。
tr	O	就在昨天，一架直升机把诺埃尔从罗斯伍德带到了这里，并且他从那时起就一直没有恢复意识。
tr	O	灯亮着，并且炉子是热的。
tr	I	Then she dropped backward off the landing , and she gave herself another second , enjoying the spray of blood beginning to cover the floor .
tr	O	艾萨克跳下地板，并且他的积木倒了下来。
tr	O	我徒劳地想把戴从我脑海中清除，但是这是不可能的。
tr	O	她的声音严格保持中立，但是她不喜欢这样。
tr	I	The bastard , standing in his living room beyond , grinned , but of course the explosions had also taken out Merl 's wall .
tr	I	She could appreciate the situation , but she may be an Academy dropout .
tr	O	我不信任他，并且我从未在他身边感到自在。
tr	I	I had to steady her elbow to keep her from toppling over , and Miss Wren was so excited that she leapt up without her cane .
tr	I	I turned to watch her blend in with the crowd of similarly dressed teenagers and she slammed the door .
tr	I	Nothing stronger in this world exists , and if anything , it shows the love you have inside you .
tr	I	The mine security team will ask probing questions that may be difficult to answer , and the Sheriff would be on the hot seat .
tr	I	Then his mouth was on hers , and Sam went willingly , sucking in a little gasp of air as their bodies brushed together in the water .
tr	I	He has people looking for someone in the state with those names and I 've already filled Hawke in .
tr	O	真相把她推上了一条蜿蜒狭窄的道路，并且只有她能找到出路。
tr	I	Eleanor was not one to take chances , but she had a mild flu .
tr	I	Part of Kat couldn 't help being impressed , and it was a place where meticulous people did meticulous work .
tr	O	西洛姆温泉距离惠斯勒峡谷只有大约五十英里，但是如此偏僻的地方搭便车要困难得多。
tr	O	西蒙从未具备一个特质，并且那就是优雅。
tr	O	我的双腿正在慢慢恢复，并且我知道用药酒好好揉搓后它们会感觉更好。
tr	O	我内心的一切都在尖叫这不仅仅是一种情色癖好，并且我想理解。
tr	I	I 'm a human , and he 's a demon .
tr	I	He smiled at me , a smug , sexy smile of utter satisfaction on his lips and his mouth lifted from mine .
tr	I	She wouldn 't now know about it and anything could have been done to her .
tr	I	Soon , his distance from the truck seemed indeterminate and darkness seemed to swirl in behind him .
tr	O	祖克拉着厄里斯走向拱门，但是赛伊阻止了他们。
tr	O	他即将被卷入一个麻烦，因为我妈和我在生气的时候都走得太远了。
tr	O	我过去两周因为无法集中精力而拖延了很多事情，并且现在我落后了。
tr	I	Della suspected it was Holiday 's , and she wore a gown .
tr	O	也许是个错号，并且它会停止。
tr	O	他越是思考，就越是知道自己被欺骗了，但是也许邻居只是这场骗局中无辜的帮凶。
tr	I	We briskly pushed through the Vikings ' turf , placing our feet on singular patches of soil , and she pushed me .
tr	I	Most of the battle was concentrated in the middle , around the trenches , but scattered fights dotted the perimeter of the valley .
tr	O	为了美国国家安全，我宣誓保守机密，并且我绝不会违背它。
tr	I	My throat felt raw as I forced one leg in front of the other and my skin burned .
tr	I	For the first time I notice the omega symbol stitched into the back of his jacket and he stops in front of me .
tr	O	洛克的仪表显示还剩大约15分钟，并且他决定进去看看。
tr	O	她想知道真相，而且她会面对它，无论它会把她引向何方。
tr	O	老实说，我仍然不太明白皮普发生了什么事，但是我正在慢慢接受这一点。
tr	I	They always protected each other , but they may not get along very well , his family .
tr	O	他向我伸出手，并且我笑了。
tr	O	他打出一拳，但是那人躲开了。
tr	I	It wasn 't the cuts that worried Jenny , but Michael 's cotton undershirt was showing signs of pink .
tr	O	我们大家在这些时刻都有同等的份额，并且每项任务都与其他任务一样重要。
tr	O	我的胃里有东西拧成一个硬球，并且我的舌头突然觉得太大，不适合我的嘴巴。
tr	I	I can feel the energy within him , and I 've seen him use the magic .
tr	O	它仍然是，但是我们现在有访客了。
tr	O	那把我逼到了极限，并且我没有看就扑向了她。
tr	O	钻石与火山的关联已被认知一个多世纪，但是它仍然知之甚少。
tr	O	迪安娜说了是，并且接电话的人继续说了下去。
tr	O	你要帮我摆脱这个困境，然后我就会帮你。
tr	O	这种可能性一直让她担忧，但是既然逻辑已经毫无疑问地证明她是安全的，她就能放松下来了。
tr	O	也许我错了，而且她明年会好起来。
tr	O	贾里德刻意的笑容没有掩盖住他眼中沉重的失望，但是我假装没有注意到。
tr	O	邓肯把沙恩扔过房间，并且吸血鬼撞上了康纳牢房的侧面。
tr	O	海啸来势汹汹，而且她不打算让自己淹死。
tr	O	那个男人的指甲断了，并且他的肉指尖鲜血淋漓，可能是在他试图进入马厩时磨到了骨头。
tr	I	The duke rose , and they were silent .
tr	O	我转向她，并且她的目光充满同情。
tr	O	拉希德又拉着她向前走，并且他们正尽可能快地走向宫殿医院所在的区域。
tr	O	另一次塞钱，几句耳语，并且她就去执行他的命令了。
tr	I	I minded being steered , but I didn 't mind being held around the back of the neck .
tr	O	她不知道那为何如此重要，但是他眼中的怒火证明了它的确如此，所以她继续说。
tr	O	杰克逊向前迈了一步，但是我阻止了他。
tr	O	多利安不知道天鹅绒是什么，但是她听懂了那评论的语气。
tr	O	他们正在离开城镇以摆脱麻烦，并且他们不需要承担别人的麻烦。
tr	I	He knew that he was going to enjoy their wedding night and just watching her , even from a distance , had his body stirring .
tr	I	They were going home , and Day was indeed coming .
tr	I	Garrett sensed she was waiting until Chelsea had moved out of earshot to answer him , and Jessi looked through the screen door into the house .
tr	O	我预料到反抗，但是她反而畏缩了，吓得发抖。
tr	I	They 'll expect you to have mail for them to deliver , and the ponies will be here soon .
tr	O	艾娃的声音颤抖着，但是力量从她身上散发出来。
tr	O	马伦小姐在他的背一转过去就呻吟了一声，并且他的嘴角牵起了一丝微笑。
tr	I	I 'd been to that cabin at least twice before , but walking toward the porch , I tried to search out something that was familiar .
tr	O	我知道，并且卢修斯也知道。
tr	I	Paris could suddenly breath again and Riyad 's aura relented .
tr	O	有一个漫长的停顿，并且法恩斯沃思不喜欢停顿。
tr	I	The guard 's buttons flashed again as he moved further into the room , and Logan nodded .
tr	I	He pointed to a girl in the front row and hands shot up around the class .
tr	O	我试图看向别处，但是我的目光却总是不由自主地回到她身上。
tr	O	音乐高涨起来，并且卡梅伦喉咙里发出的声音被乔治奥的音符淹没了。
tr	I	She tried never to show it bothered her , but it was a sore subject .
tr	I	A third set came alive from near the yard gate and another set from behind exploded in the rear view mirror .
tr	O	血液在她耳中搏动，并且她被恐惧蒙蔽了双眼。
tr	I	It did no good but I tried to soothe her by rubbing her hair .
tr	I	What was new but she didn 't trust me ?
tr	I	It 's probably been less than five minutes when I 'm finally able to open my eyes again , but it feels like a lifetime of agony .
tr	I	It kills me and I can already see how it would end !
tr	I	I let out a startled scream and Clay pulled me into the water .
tr	I	It would allow her to remain invisible , but it wasn 't a very good plan .
tr	O	卢卡指向前方，并且司机点了点头。
tr	I	After studying them the way he 'd study any adversary , he wisely swallowed his rising temper , and they turned on him .
tr	I	I did my best to relax my face and she was watching me with a concerned expression .
tr	O	我们的人仔细检查了西蒙房子的每一寸，但是它和查理的房子一样。
tr	I	He wasn 't there and Hannah blinked .
tr	I	She was about ready to vibrate into oblivion and his throbbing member stood ready at her entrance .
tr	O	他举起卡片，并且门启动了。
tr	O	我抬头看他，并且最后，他回望了我。
tr	O	她的獠牙可能几分钟前还没有伸出来，但是它们现在肯定在那儿了。
tr	O	我担心这可能又是一个险胜的局面，但是如果我们幸运的话，我们还能再撑一年。
tr	O	我很累，但是我感到兴奋。
tr	I	Laurel smiled back , and Peyton smiled as Laurel caught her gaze .
tr	I	I try not to look at it , but the small hatchback car is parked down the street .
tr	O	我已经向他们保证了，但是我将把你的最新草稿发过去供他们审阅。
tr	O	他留了两条信息，但是她没有回应。
tr	O	他的手臂颤抖了，并且他看起来很苍白。
tr	O	回答这个问题有太多种方式，但是最可怕的方式是他接下来说的那个。
tr	I	The energy coursed through my body and the life giving nourishment was palpable .
tr	O	我更喜欢想象我幸存了那次长途跋涉是为了某种目的，但是世界可能不是那样运转的。
tr	O	这是他们的最终决定，并且他们拒绝了许多人。
tr	I	She gasped and he caught her hand .
tr	I	He wasn 't worried about it , but it 'd been a couple weeks since he 'd heard from Erin .
tr	O	我扑向她，并且伊恩抓住了我的手臂。
tr	I	He usually had to drag Billy along , but he was allowed to go alone .
tr	O	如果我请求，他会来，但是我不应该需要请求。
tr	O	我的胸口收紧了，并且一股暖流涌遍全身。
tr	O	一旦金星被附在订单上，小猫就被许诺给祈祷的人，并且我们为他们制作那个特别的订单。
tr	I	She melted slowly to the ground , her arms spread to her sides , her open mouth to the sky , and her knees gave way .
tr	I	Dorian took a step forward , and she reached the bottom of the stairs .
tr	I	It has to stay that way and we 've managed to keep this , this situation out of the public for years .
tr	I	An hour later I 'm in his office , and Frank Beebe calls me at eight the next morning .
tr	I	We still must play our parts , but the events of our lives are not as random as they seem .
tr	O	特伦顿把手放在台球桌上，并且她的臀部紧紧地依偎在它们之间。
tr	I	He has a perfectly trimmed goatee circumventing nearly invisible lips and his head is shaved bald .
tr	I	Edward ten , and though my brother is only eleven years older than I am .
tr	I	She would end up at Dee 's house , and at least she knew she was going the right way now .
tr	O	他的声音突然变得充满激情，而且我意识到格雷格真的快要崩溃了。
tr	I	When the plates were clean , they were removed with a flourish , and the cutlets lasted half an hour .
tr	I	His warm fingers intertwined with mine , and my hands joined his that returned to my shoulders .
tr	O	她希望他们在这里，并且她同时又庆幸他们不在这里。
tr	I	He could still sing , but yes , to his ears he didn 't sound 100 % back to normal .
tr	O	她的手已悄悄地移到胸前，并且她能感觉到自己的心在焦虑地跳动。
tr	I	He kissed the tips of her fingers when they lingered on his lips and she let her hands discover the elegant planes of his face .
tr	O	杰克没有回答，但是他的嘴唇露出了一个温柔的微笑。
tr	O	他说，并且我抱住了他的腰。
tr	I	I groaned and I raised my brows as I scanned through the untidy , messy living room .
tr	I	She came to her feet and he saw that shrubbery broke her fall .
tr	O	牧师的宝珠变大了，而且他的声音也变得威严而低沉。
tr	O	我们在候诊室里找了个僻静角落，并且我坐进了第一张空椅子。
tr	O	她的生活已经陷入了严重的窠臼，并且如果她不采取措施来改变现状，她觉得自己可能会发疯。
tr	O	他想离惠特尼更近，而且A港是一个折衷方案。
tr	I	Damn it , she needed to leave discussions of his father in the past , but he wanted to be with her .
tr	I	16 Oxford Street was one such office block , and the street was predominantly made up of office blocks .
tr	I	I liked it and it was different .
tr	O	托马斯的瘙痒引起了阿兰娜的注意，并且她做了个鬼脸。
tr	I	There was a brief , whispered exchange and another set of boots walked up .
tr	O	我把吉普车挂上驻车档，并且我们在这里坐了一会儿。
tr	I	Josephine headed for the door and the doorbell rang .
tr	I	There 's no time to waste , and we 're on deadline now .
tr	O	我张开嘴想喊出来，但是我的嘴唇却只发出了无声的“爸爸”。
tr	I	That didn 't mean it couldn 't happen , but maybe killing for hire didn 't happen often .
tr	O	下午她的羊水破了，并且没有什么能阻止分娩了。
tr	O	现在这真的不重要了，但是我突然想知道。
tr	O	电话挂断了，并且我抓起了我的鞋。
tr	O	他还是个小男孩的时候，在其中一个露营地附近的小溪里发现了它，并且他父亲告诉他这很幸运。
tr	O	她本应带领他们走向辉煌，但是那时，玛丽也喜欢她的肥皂剧。
tr	O	她完全属于他，并且无论发生什么，他都会确保她受到保护。
tr	I	It 's clear the Judge will find against him anyway , and unfortunately he can 't really think of a good objection to this particular question .
tr	O	贾克斯知道如何引诱，并且他从不逃避努力。
tr	O	脸书页面加载了，并且艾玛倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	他没有主动提出帮忙搬行李箱，但是格兰特把它提上梯子，仿佛它不比一本书重。
tr	I	I will make sure that our hospitals spend more time preventing sex than actively encouraging it and vote me .
tr	I	We went on with our dance and Merrill was back at my elbow .
tr	I	She couldn 't help herself , but Adria knew it was rude to stare .
tr	I	The blindfold was being removed and it was only moments before she was free .
tr	I	The worktable would serve this purpose , but we seldom ate in the kitchen .
tr	O	正如所料，他们散开包围了他们，但是他们没有立刻进攻。
tr	I	I never could ignore a scream , and my bed was screaming now .
tr	I	Except for a faint sluggish feeling , nothing happened , but I braced myself for something nasty , pressing close to Kenzie .
tr	O	他和她一起跳下火车，并且他们一起走进马里纳城。
tr	O	他非常擅长扮演怪物，但是作为男孩，他充其量只是平庸。
tr	O	她也无法免疫这一切，并且我知道是时候为她坚强了。
tr	I	She was very pale , and her toast was untouched .
tr	O	内森心如刀绞，并且他突然厌恶自己。
tr	I	That will take time to check out , but Dan thinks the books are in a commercial storage locker .
tr	O	有传闻说她嫁给了一位俄罗斯亿万富翁，但是没有任何证实。
tr	O	他们到了门口，但是他没有进去。
tr	O	皮尔洛神父将一小瓶圣水泼向敌人的脸，但是它并没有平息其不断逼近的怒火。
tr	I	He looked away at his patrol car , pretending to be fascinated by the querulous voice coming over the radio , and his lids fluttered .
tr	O	他的眼睛暗了下来一分钟，并且我舔了舔嘴唇。
tr	I	He sat next to me and I sat on the bed .
tr	I	He brushed it aside but something stirred in him at the thought .
tr	I	Now wasn 't the time , but he was going to have to figure out what this thing between them was .
tr	O	男人们安静地坐了一会儿，并且内森思索着还能做些什么。
tr	O	她听起来很自豪，并且他现在能理解她为何会如此。
tr	I	He seems like one of those guys who 's been with about a hundred girls , but he 's hot .
tr	I	Caroline is in a class of her own , but I never thought a girl would do this to get revenge .
tr	I	It makes them smile , and they like the music .
tr	O	她一看到我就冷冷地停下了，并且我能从她脸上的表情看出她不想和我扯上任何关系。
tr	O	我真的很希望她能和克里斯蒂安在一起，但是现在我不确定那是不是个好主意。
tr	O	米西放下叉子，并且当她再次看向阿德拉时，她眼中的光芒已被深深的悲伤取代。
tr	I	I yanked her forward against me , and my hand slipped to her waist .
tr	O	在舞池里音乐很快，并且动一动很有趣。
tr	I	Then it 's your house , Matt , dear , and Ma ma hasn 't said a word about it .
tr	O	她的眼睛透过发帘凝视着，并且它们是无色的球体。
tr	I	If so , he 's knocking on the right door ... and maybe he 's all about bad girls deep down .
tr	I	It would preserve her reputation , but it might mar the picture .
tr	O	杰克从码头跳下，仿佛要跃入水中，但是他落在了坚实的表面上。
tr	I	He felt his hair move on his scalp ; and the thing wasn 't the Moon at all .
tr	I	Apparently , he was performing some surgery on this man in their house and her father was a doctor .
tr	O	他爱它们，并且自从它们解除配给后，他就对它们爱不释手。
tr	O	我们创建了另一个与你相似的原型，但是它正在另一个设施中使用。
tr	I	I could barely move and Sleep was still heavy on my eyes .
tr	I	The touch was gone before I could really pinpoint it , but I scanned the room quickly .
tr	O	她密切地注视着他，并且她的好奇心战胜了她的常识。
tr	O	赛斯的肌肉绷紧了，并且他现在正在对他父亲尖叫。
tr	O	她需要钱，而且这是她迄今为止得到的最好报价。
tr	O	我试图告诉他我可以去寻求帮助，但是乔·所罗门是世界上最优秀的特工之一。
tr	O	她在他的脸颊上轻轻一吻，并且她的头发挠到了他的皮肤。
tr	O	她的身体有它自己的意志，并且每晚跪在米上似乎也无法驯服它。
tr	I	It really didn 't matter , but I had no idea where we were headed .
tr	O	她反而同意了，并且从那时起他们就几乎形影不离了。
tr	O	想要他以及他那不可动摇的傲慢所固有的危险，使她兴奋到在椅子上气喘吁吁的程度。
tr	O	他什么都没失去，很多人被这些观点困扰，但是建立指导方针的尝试很快就遇到了逻辑问题。
tr	O	我没有睡着，但是我假装睡着了。
tr	O	他没有被标记，但是这张照片被设为公开。
tr	O	阿瓦隆传给我一个念头，并且我内心畏缩了，意识到我答应过不打断他。
tr	O	香农对伊莎贝尔发生的事情一知半解，并且他宁愿让事情保持原样。
tr	I	I was this close to breaking down the door to punch her for that comment , and my hands curled into fists .
tr	I	Their contributions were rarely wrong and they often contributed to meetings .
tr	O	洛夫用脚踢了一下驾驶座的车门，并且剩下的玻璃碎片掉到了地上。
tr	O	她拥有各种各样的完美，并且我则是一百万种程度的糟糕透顶的疯狂。
tr	O	他的手机震动了，并且他接听了。
tr	O	恐龙听着她，但是它们不喜欢。
tr	I	I accept her attempt at kindness without objection , but I don 't think my youth excuses it .
tr	I	He 's got the right touch , but he 's got hands the size of hams .
tr	I	I relaxed a tiny bit , and his voice was soothing now .
tr	O	她等着她的主人也这样做，但是他没有。
tr	I	To relax and to think .
tr	O	我看着那些可怕的眼睛，感到剧烈的疼痛，但是那里没有任何情感。
tr	I	We went shopping in Little Rock together twice a year , and we had coffee together every other day , just about .
tr	O	尼克的声音很舒缓，但是它却显得那么遥远。
tr	O	双方派系都拥有强大的能力，但是这些能力正是让它们与众不同的地方。
tr	O	毫无疑问，他和瑞安是兄弟，因为他们长得太像了。
tr	O	她的专注会太明显，而且这让她自己更加察觉到。
tr	O	那个男人戴着墨镜，尽管厢式货车窗户很黑而且天空阴沉。
tr	O	他把胳膊搭在我肩上，并且我们一起走向微积分课堂，我在他后面的课桌里坐到了我的位置。
tr	O	他知道发生了什么，并且他想谈谈。
tr	O	然后有什么东西吸引了她的目光，并且她猛地转过身。
tr	I	He was determined to woo her properly , but weeks of abstinence were taking their toll .
tr	I	I 'd no choice , but I hesitated , perhaps he would hate a hiker .
tr	I	Once , when she looked like in sleep in his cuddle , he squeezed her closer and he checked his doubts .
tr	O	他们低声说话，围着躺椅上的某人转，并且她害怕自己知道那个人是谁。
tr	O	我们认识彼此没那么久，而且很难知道她在想什么。
tr	O	我们赢得了掷硬币，并且我们都就位了。
tr	O	我不能没有伊芙再在宿舍多待一晚，而且我绝不会给艾什打电话。
tr	O	他们都看着我，然后洛根就开始笑了。
tr	O	乔的一切都很完美，并且她穿什么都好看。
tr	I	Dreamer smirked , and squeaked Damon .
tr	O	不是当戴蒙看起来极其可怕，而且我也不知道布莱克牵涉多深。
tr	I	I went to her small closet to rummage amongst her colorful things , and this she agreed to .
tr	O	像第一次一样，他无视了那些电话，但是过了一会儿，这事就变得很烦人了。
tr	O	戴的嘴唇离开了我的，并且他把脸埋进我的脖颈。
tr	I	She hadn 't told him , and Tamara had known she was pregnant .
tr	O	现在不是玩游戏的时候，但是我却情不自禁。
tr	O	我告诉了他那件淡蓝色连衣裙的事，并且大家怎么说我像个新娘。
tr	I	I think I know what he is going to say , and I can see him searching for the words .
tr	I	She refused to open her eyes but he stared down at her in confusion .
tr	O	妮可有种不祥的预感，瑞安·帕特里克不喜欢失败，并且他能比她坚持更久。
tr	O	我的呼吸仍然急促，并且我的心感觉像碎成了无数片。
tr	I	I think we are also trying to minimize our own sense of risk , but partly they are trying to be helpful .
tr	I	She cannot leave you and take enough to convert her .
tr	I	He was out looking for me everywhere else and I was waiting in his apartment for him .
tr	O	我告诉了她，并且她又后退了更远。
tr	O	他只会抓住她，并且他就会很生气。
tr	O	他几次想开口说些什么，但是情况太离奇了，他发现自己无话可说。
tr	O	我把胳膊搭在她身上，并且我们都戴着米老鼠耳朵。
tr	O	我努力微笑，但是我知道今晚的剩余时间里我不可能维持这个假象。
tr	O	艾吉奥的刀刃刺穿时，两名男子都尖叫起来，并且男子们倒下了，他们的腿瘫软无力。
tr	I	Until he understood what was happening he intended to shelter her from that and this would likely alarm her .
tr	O	石头不知道为什么他会对此如此肯定，当时他只看过旧世界的图片，但是墙壁更光滑。
tr	O	她很幸运能拥有这样的知识，而且她没有分享它。
tr	O	他的吻让我吃惊，但是我很快就沉浸其中。
tr	O	她姨妈对戴拉的提议显得很怀疑，但是她点了点头。
tr	I	I stared as they swayed in the light wind , and there were a lot of pretty flowers in bloom .
tr	O	我尽力不笑，但是和弗兰基在一起很难。
tr	O	一顶棒球帽遮住了他的眼睛，免受阳光的照射，并且他还没有注意到苏珊不情愿的靠近。
tr	I	While she looked annoyed , she swallowed it , dry , and he shoved a white pill into her hand .
tr	I	I found no reason to say yes and I thought about it .
tr	O	惩罚的选择是根据他的提议，但是他们都投了赞成票。
tr	O	那是他们停止跟我说话的时候，但是我强迫自己一次读一个。
tr	O	她一直嫉妒杰森的女朋友们，但是其中一个总是比其他的更突出。
tr	O	这是凯瑟琳第一次在他身边感到真正放松，并且当他离开时，她觉得自己交了一个朋友。
tr	O	我闭上眼睛放松，并且幻象再次出现。
tr	I	Her uncle knew her too well , but Lena tried to hide her disappointment .
tr	O	他一针见血，但是那并没有让我高兴。
tr	I	She responded to him eagerly and Tessa became warm all over .
tr	O	我们彼此如此亲近，而且他的眼睛里充满了可怕的不可告人的动机。
tr	I	Julia raised her head up , letting the light rain cool her face and a light mist fell .
tr	I	He bet she wasn 't , either and he wasn 't thinking clearly .
tr	I	It was comfortable , but they hiked in silence .
tr	O	我们告诉他我们用它来储存东西，并且我们住在里面。
tr	O	每个人都以为我与伦私奔了，但是我不能因为他们那样想而责怪他们。
tr	O	给我们另一个小时，并且我们就会有东西了。
tr	O	回忆纷至沓来，并且当她那天下午很晚下车时，她心力交瘁。
tr	O	现在他心满意足，并且他无法想象没有她的生活。
tr	O	我有一种奇怪的冲动想把它们整齐地收起来，但是这个想法很荒谬。
tr	O	珍的妈妈说很酷，并且月光同意了那件防风夹克。
tr	I	He had no choice , but he wasn 't ready for this conversation yet .
tr	O	丽莎不想再继续这个对话了，但是她也不想无礼。
tr	I	She pushed away all the reasons why this shouldn 't happen , and the relief of being in his arms again was almost painful .
tr	O	第二十五章 凯莉闻到了伯内特的气味，并且她很快就飞到了他身边。
tr	I	I nod , and she asks .
tr	I	It could buy them some time , but he wasn 't counting on it .
tr	I	I 've put them together for ease of access in chronological order , but they aren 't necessary to enjoy the novella .
tr	I	I couldn 't lift my lids , but I fought to open my eyes .
tr	I	I love you , but I am so pissed off .
tr	I	It barely grazed my hair and I sidestepped it just in time .
tr	I	He was skilled enough to still transfer the basic principles , but Dorian 's magic was actually completely different from my own .
tr	O	我的脸颊发烫了，并且我开始抗议。
tr	O	画面模糊了，并且然后酒店房间重新聚焦了。
tr	I	She continued to push herself onward , but Sand filled her sneakers as she slipped in it .
tr	O	他看着我，并且尽管这显然很困难，他仍然保持沉默。
tr	I	He took her slow at the same time and he took her hard .
tr	O	她的手指抚过他的脸颊，接着移到他的头发，并且随后她把他的头推回她的大腿。
tr	I	I never did , but I should have .
tr	I	She couldn 't understand why , but it looked like Nick was still living there .
tr	I	He had to wait until the timing was right , but he wanted to be inside her more than anything .
tr	I	He won 't listen to me and I try to talk to him .
tr	O	他能提供建议，解决问题，但是他还没有学会如何处理冲突。
tr	O	是的，我可以在经济上供养他们，远远超出普通人的梦想，但是我想成为一个不仅仅是银行账户的人。
tr	I	Angelica nearly gave in , and Maia met her eyes .
tr	I	I know it very well , and it is a small house , which never gets very dirty anyway .
tr	I	I plan on doing the same for you , Gwen , and she saved my life more times than I can remember .
tr	I	They think that a short visit would do the trick and my soul purpose in coming to this place was to get him ?
tr	O	她仍然感到头晕，并且嘴里有一种奇怪的金属味。
tr	I	She easily recollected all the wonderful times they 'd had , and he was so attentive , just as he 'd been during their time in Sydney .
tr	I	Everything shifted and Ashe took it .
tr	I	She didn 't turn around , but she must have heard him .
tr	O	夜晚大部分时间都很安静，并且我睡得很香。
tr	I	It was a close game , but naturally I was the victor .
tr	O	他看起来并没有更年轻，不完全是这样，但是他步伐轻快，眼中闪烁着光芒。
tr	O	我的血液迅速升温，并且我感到充满活力，想着桌子那头的漂亮素食者。
tr	I	There 'd been no answer , but I 'd asked again in my last email when she was coming home .
tr	O	我知道，俗气，但是它似乎奏效了。
tr	O	他又带着那种好笑的表情看着我，并且我知道他很享受我突然语塞。
tr	O	她的父母被狼人杀死了，并且她从那以后就一直独自一人。
tr	I	He said he couldn 't discuss it , but I tried to talk to him about it .
tr	I	He visited the best spots and her mouth was familiar territory .
tr	O	我爸爸一点也不笨，而且他会知道我是否在撒谎。
tr	O	雷蒙德坚称袭击是外星人所为，然而津格却承认是自己一手策划了整件事。
tr	I	He was ignoring them , talking to Sam instead , but a few girls across from him were looking like they were going to join him .
tr	I	He had his head in his hands , and his elbows rested on his raised knees .
tr	O	我凝视着入口大门，并且我简直不敢相信自己的眼睛。
tr	O	他一直坐在那里，直到晨光透过窗户照进来，并且他又坐了一整天。
tr	I	Laurence looked straight to her , and Helen shouted from the balcony .
tr	O	她试探性地回头看了一眼，并且她的嘴巴张开了。
tr	I	Her eyes were glassy with exhaustion and Mab had stayed awake all night .
tr	I	His eyes gazed into mine , and his thumb grazed my lip .
tr	I	Her martial arts training eventually enabled her to incapacitate both men , but she really struggled that night .
tr	O	她笑得太厉害了，以至于像是在抽泣，并且喜悦的泪水顺着她的脸颊流淌。
tr	O	杰德努力想忽略他，但是他越是努力，切尔西的父亲就越是继续他的言语攻击。
tr	I	It goes down all right when you 're thirsty , but it ain 't the elixir of the gods .
tr	O	他无意喝醉，但是一点点酒壮人胆也无妨。
tr	O	他转身要走，但是他的父亲却转过身来。
tr	O	他确信她的头发会是黑色的，并且他异想天开地想象着雀斑。
tr	O	我搞不清楚光是从哪里来的，但是我 M knew 是布莱克发出的。
tr	I	It dropped a lot of water and that was a pretty intense storm .
tr	I	I used the ingredients I knew Harry liked best , but so I baked fruitcake .
tr	O	她开始占据我的每一个念头，并且我向上帝祈祷，希望我也能占据她的念头。
tr	I	It wasn 't bad , but it tasted different .
tr	I	There was nothing there either but I turned to the other side .
tr	O	我觉得我能动弹的只有我的眼睛，并且甚至连那些我都不认为是我自己在动。
tr	I	His eyes crossed to look at it and a tiny feather fell on his nose .
tr	O	他的手紧紧抓住吧台边缘，并且他的脸开始有些扭曲。
tr	O	你五岁了，并且你打扮成牙仙。
tr	I	I savored the taste of her and her tongue slid into my mouth .
tr	O	他的脚绊在桌腿上，并且他的头撞到其中一个书柜上，震得架子上的石膏模型咯咯作响。
tr	O	瑞秋坐在她的行军床上，并且丹尼尔坐在他的行军床上。
tr	O	他身上有远超你想象的东西，而且远超他自己所了解的。
tr	I	That was no surprise , but the house was dark .
tr	I	I winced again , and my phone chimed that I had a new text message .
tr	I	She was better dead and her life was shit .
tr	O	她压低声音以免吓到乔伊，但是她不会容忍昆汀对她狗的安全漠不关心。
tr	I	He didn 't seem angry , but he grimaced .
tr	O	他的语气中带着也许是，也许不是的意味，但是我无论如何都乐意一试。
tr	O	晚上的故事是我所期待的，并且这也让我有机会更好地了解大家。
tr	O	我握紧了，但是我没有挥动。
tr	O	随着时间的推移，我开始拿这件事打趣他，但是我从不确定他是否知道我在开玩笑。
tr	I	He pushed the door open , and the lock clicked .
tr	I	We run in silence and he falls into stride next to me .
tr	I	Now I wanted to know more about fun spankings , but I never thought I 'd be so limited in my imagination prior to this moment .
tr	O	我快速浏览了我最近通话中的号码，并且当我找到玛丽的号码时，我点击了它。
tr	I	It was hard , but she tried to look him directly in the eyes .
tr	O	如果是我的，我很乐意让你借走，但是它不是我的。
tr	O	你来这里是为了赚钱，并且那正是你所做的。
tr	I	My heart skipped a beat , and I slipped into a vision , viewing the present as it was happening .
tr	I	He shakes his head at me , but I go to help him with his clothes .
tr	I	That didn 't mean it was wrong that we were , but she said they didn 't want us to be alive .
tr	O	他的话语触动了她，并且瓦莱丽感到泪水刺痛了她的眼睛。
tr	I	I sank into my father 's leather armchair , and a tremendous well of disappointment opened inside me .
tr	I	I thought I saw a twinkle in his eye , and ' A good idea , ' said the Captain .
tr	O	为了帮助你和我自己，有几位导师会分享他们自己的专业知识。
tr	I	We wondered if he 'd seen something , but he would have been little more than a baby when Barbara was killed .
tr	O	他递给她一个玻璃杯，并且纹身再次闪现。
tr	O	它是冰冷的、白色的金属，并且它敲起来像管道一样空洞。
tr	O	玛德琳点点头，缓慢而威严地笑着，她的表情像一只猫。
tr	I	After two weeks , she reluctantly concurred , but at first , Erin insisted that the snubs were in my head .
tr	I	She didn 't , but he expected her to push him back .
tr	I	We began running , and my father grabbed my hand .
tr	I	Even while a delicious tingle settled deep inside her , Colleen felt a tiny niggle of worry , and Heat sizzled through her veins .
tr	O	他对旅途的智慧心存郑重疑虑，然而阿黛尔却强烈地敦促他前进。
tr	I	I regretted not buying a house in the area , and West Chester is really quite pretty .
tr	O	我的眼睛睁大了，并且我冲过去把手放在他赤裸的胸膛上。
tr	O	一双蓝眼睛与我的目光相遇，并且我感觉胃里一阵空虚。
tr	I	I might very well walk out of this with information that could show us a whole lot more , but Rescuing Jill was my main priority .
tr	O	他将手指与我的交织，并且我们一边走，一边聊。
tr	O	我们队伍的其他人围成一圈，但是他稍微站远了一些。
tr	O	它把我吓得不轻，我的舌头都开始肿起来了，并且我的哥哥们也吓坏了。
tr	I	Dak had no idea who was winning , and sometimes the sight of it was gruesome .
tr	O	你在这里待了几乎一辈子，并且ARC还没有坍塌。
tr	I	Callie couldn 't have offered anything that would 've tempted him more , but pancakes shouldn 't have been much of a draw .
tr	I	I won 't offer this again , and I 'm not saying it again .
tr	O	尽管他身材矮小，他有速度，并且因为他有速度，他得到了尊重。
tr	O	加百列温暖的老虎身躯蜷缩在她身边，并且她把头靠在他的手臂上。
tr	O	我们聊了聊我对狼人传说的研究以及我是否有可能找到一种并非银质子弹的疗法。
tr	I	She disappeared from sight , but Sofia staggered up ahead .
tr	I	The fog made it hard to see , but I tried to navigate more carefully .
tr	I	The blood didn 't flow as she expected , but three pieces stung at her for a moment .
tr	I	He laughed and I retorted back at him .
tr	I	She buried her face back into my chest and I kissed her on the forehead .
tr	O	洞穴里的男人们听不懂印第安人的话，但是他们听出了他们声音中的惊愕。
tr	O	他的制服熨烫平整，并且他看起来刚刮过胡子。
tr	I	Neither of them seemed to hear me , but I shook the gun in their direction .
tr	I	I will not have you , and the dead belong to me !
tr	O	她噩梦中的一幕在她脑海中闪现，但是她摇了摇头，把这个念头甩开。
tr	O	甚至还没到十一月，并且就已经冷得像是要下雪了。
tr	O	她脑子里思绪万千，并且丹尼尔知道他前方还有大量工作。
tr	I	She wasn 't alarmed , but Joe wasn 't there .
tr	O	马格纳斯没有回答，但是音乐声变得更响了。
tr	O	我不会说她是个酒鬼，但是她离酒鬼已经很近了。
tr	I	He pulled me away , but I bent to take him in my mouth , just to taste him .
tr	I	She refuses to go away , but I try to ignore the shimmery mirage .
tr	O	警卫眯起了眼睛，并且我发现自己开始不安起来。
tr	O	她的声音有点颤抖，但是她现在已经能够控制住它了。
tr	I	She seemed happy , so in Steven 's mind she couldn 't be sick , but she was pale , almost sickly .
tr	I	Normally she sounded much more confident , and I 'd listened to her recorded shows before .
tr	O	奖学金获得者那种高高在上的语气仍在我的脑海中，并且我内心的一部分不想帮助他。
tr	I	The Indian goalie blocked the shot , but he passed it up to his front row of cowboys .
tr	O	他只穿着一件短袖T恤，并且《奥义书》诗句的墨色纹身在他的二头肌周围清晰可见。
tr	I	I was distracted by the number of the warriors but I overheard them muttering about the box of souls .
tr	I	We can 't go south because of the army , and we can 't go east because of New Sea .
tr	O	你给玛丽·安偷了一台笔记本电脑，并且你质疑我的方法？
tr	O	镜头不会说谎，并且他投向我的那种不信任的眼神是错不了的。
tr	O	电话响了，并且穆勒夫人进屋去接电话。
tr	I	It 's connected to me and it 's recurring .
tr	I	Lexi relaxed a little , and not much more light filled the space than it had that morning .
tr	I	He 'd reached the end of his tolerance , and too many people had questioned his authority lately .
tr	O	坦诚派歌颂真理，但是他们从不告诉你真相的代价。
tr	I	They would have only a short time together , but she should refuse .
tr	O	她钻进他的温暖中，并且疼痛慢慢减轻了。
tr	I	Her body stilled and her lashes lowered .
tr	O	她把他抚养长大，而且她是独自一人做到的。
tr	O	他清了清嗓子，并且我一动不动。
tr	I	I knew that would only let him know he was getting to me , but I wanted to pull away .
tr	O	他抓着我头发的手松开了，并且我带着一丝得意的笑容向后退去。
tr	I	She didn 't ask any questions after that , and I told her we were no longer together .
tr	O	我试图阻止那些根，但是巨人很强大。
tr	I	He 'd doubled the guards around anything of value and all of the munitions had been brought to the front of the convoy .
tr	O	马克斯的背部撞到地面，并且他抱住她以缓冲她的坠落。
tr	O	那是一股希望的突然闪现，像聚光灯一样在她内心闪耀，但是它在克莱尔的表情下突然黯淡了。
tr	O	我的母亲是个吸血鬼，并且我的父亲是个猎人。
tr	I	The track was in use , which made them nervous , and the lights glowed red when the track was in use .
tr	I	She would try very hard not to do it again but she didn 't understand why she 'd acted in that manner .
tr	I	He felt the temptation to take the loaf for himself , and he hadn 't eaten anything himself all day .
tr	I	I realized that I never would have known her , and then I looked at Kim .
tr	I	She could never understand why , and it was so infuriatingly unreasonable .
tr	I	He didn 't show it , but he noticed she hesitated for an instance when choosing words .
tr	O	他曾无数次去看望我的母亲，但是他很快就感到无聊了。
tr	O	这似乎不可能，但是唐纳文把头压得更低了。
tr	I	She still landed heavily only a moment after the spear struck the floor , but Vanessa managed to slow her descent at the last moment .
tr	O	也许他有点专横，但是当涉及到我的时候，他确实有个弱点。
tr	O	塞斯的目光扫过我们，但是他没有和布里安娜争吵。
tr	O	他看到那人转向噪音，并且克莱蒙斯先生走到了前门廊上。
tr	O	他们当然已经意识到自己很容易就被抓住了，但是他们一开始被抓住时似乎完全感到惊讶。
tr	I	A worse way to lose , and a bad way to win .
tr	I	I shut it off , and they have an older model security system .
tr	I	It was magic and he took control .
tr	O	我可以把肖恩带到我房子下面的实验室，或者我可以把跟踪者的尸体带给他。
tr	I	I 'd actually had an enjoyable time with the game , and it had ended up alright though .
tr	I	She quickly lowered her eyes when Asha noticed her stare , but Lina looked up at Asha with a distinct look of envy .
tr	O	所以我在雅典人酒吧喝了一杯纯龙舌兰酒，但是这不足以让我平静下来。
tr	O	孩子们见过许多栩栩如生的万圣节装饰，但是这个看起来是真的！
tr	O	他看起来像在努力想明白什么，但是然后放弃了。
tr	O	他抓住我的腋下，把我提了起来，并且剧痛穿过我的腿。
tr	I	I exhaled , realizing I had been holding my breath and the doorbell rang , cutting the silence with harsh reality .
tr	O	他所有的玩笑都消失了，并且他的眼睛变得严肃起来。
tr	I	He says it 's too soon for so ambitious a test but I suggest trying to uproot a tree .
tr	I	They all wore gas masks and none of them were glowing .
tr	I	Lukas once more battled two at once , but the battle was now three against two .
tr	I	Now she was giving her body and he 'd given her his blood .
tr	O	她看起来好像会说些别的，但是她却最终抱了我，这似乎让我们两个都感到惊讶。
tr	O	他们正在说话，并且随后他倒在了地上。
tr	O	伊森起初抗拒，并且我知道他想问更多问题。
tr	O	他欣喜若狂，并且那种快乐感染了我。
tr	I	I got rid of that before I went into the clinic , but I did have an expensive one just for racing .
tr	O	我仍在努力把他带出去，但是我门外还有一个男朋友。
tr	O	不公与公正一样盲目，并且谁都不安全。
tr	O	她被自己新的、开明的态度震惊了，但是他没有给她任何理由怀疑他。
tr	I	The youngest was an infant whom they called John , and her eldest was a girl named Emma .
tr	O	我听着他说话，但是我没有听清他口中流出的字眼。
tr	O	再一步，并且一切都变得如此梦幻。
tr	I	It appears I was taken , but I hate to say it .
tr	I	I climbed to the platform , and Miles was up the watchtower , standing sentry .
tr	O	房间变得异常安静，并且伊森的身体终于僵硬了。
tr	O	我试图停止挣扎，但是我却突然感到非常害怕。
tr	I	My breath was definitely faster as blood rushed through my body , but I tried to smile .
tr	O	她可能没有意识到自己很生气，但是她的身体却背叛了她情感的深度。
tr	O	杰弗里走了进去，并且他的心猛地一跳。
tr	O	我爱他胜过我自己的生命，并且我相信他对我也是如此。
tr	O	她并非真的想和他睡觉，并且他也没有绝望到利用她的好心。
tr	O	那对我来说真的毫无意义，但是我还是点了点头。
tr	I	Obviously Heather needed the same thing and I needed to be alone .
tr	O	他看着我，并且我看着他。
tr	I	The burly man held it there with a firm grasp , and Walter 's sword was at his throat in a moment .
tr	O	他紧紧地搂着我的腰，并且我们的腿也缠绕在一起。
tr	I	Restrain it , thinking about how I couldn 't handle it at therapy the other day , but I almost laugh at the idea .
tr	I	Their marriage consummated when Mother turned eighteen , and their match was made when Mother was very young , only twelve .
tr	I	Him offering me a trial today and now I feel I was really silly , asking that man for a job .
tr	O	他们可能本来没打算停靠在她的码头，但是既然已经到了那里，他们决定不妨一试。
tr	O	她又把文件读了两遍，但是没有什么新东西让她眼前一亮。
tr	O	她可能憎恨塔隆，但是她也是女王。
tr	O	格温的头发更浅、更细，但是它和威尔德的头发一样卷曲。
tr	O	她把一个罐子举到我鼻子前，并且我把手从她那里抽开，一片叶子擦过我的鼻子。
tr	O	他们又抓了三个，并且如果她稍微帮助她的孩子，那魔法就是为了爱。
tr	O	我也把一些消毒剂和创可贴放进口袋，它们在银行也会非常方便。
tr	I	It seemed he was determined to make that happen , but I didn 't really want to fall in love with him .
tr	I	I do , but I don 't want to .
tr	O	他站在我卧室的门内，并且他脸上的笑容让我感觉好像看到了一道彩虹。
tr	O	黛拉眼中的严肃消退了，并且她咧嘴笑了。
tr	I	The closer we got to Christmas , the more he seemed to pull away , and he never looked me in the eye .
tr	O	他很高兴她的身体挡住了他腿的视线，并且他不敢冒险看一眼他的肩膀。
tr	O	我确信她不在任何不好的地方，而且我也确信她正在守护着你。
tr	O	她不够强大，并且这就像她在对自己撒谎。
tr	I	I stepped forward and mom shoved me in the back .
tr	O	我的喉咙干了，并且我没有回应。
tr	I	Robert was storming the walls , but for twelve years she had kept herself safe inside her carefully constructed fortress .
tr	I	Willow Patterson is not the end and Marcus Grey is only the beginning .
tr	I	His look turned dangerous , and Hart went still at her words .
tr	O	他的手臂环绕着我，并且我感觉到他身体的热量渗入我的毛孔。
tr	I	The door opened before I could touch it , but I reached for the knob .
tr	I	It didn 't turn and I tried the handle .
tr	I	Before he could speak , Marcus stepped in , but Aiden whirled toward me , his eyes narrowing into thin slits .
tr	O	你现在负担不起那个，并且我的兄弟们不会被阻止。
tr	I	He was calling it a night and apparently his confounding work was done .
tr	I	He delivers his words simply , belying their weight and Quinn stands like a soldier .
tr	O	他的头倾向她那边，但是他没有看她的眼睛。
tr	I	It was Lonnie who cried out , but they both leaped back involuntarily .
tr	I	My mind is racing with a billion thoughts and he just cracked me open .
tr	I	I sliced her arm , and I withdrew my knife from my boot , the presence I always had .
tr	O	我知道我们之间一直很奇怪，但是我真的很想今晚和你一起度过。
tr	I	She realized hers had become unsteady as well , and his breathing was rough .
tr	I	She was alone , flattened against the wall on the fourth stair from the landing , trembling alone in the dark and suddenly he was gone .
tr	I	Then he changed the subject , and there was an awkward silence for a minute .
tr	I	It didn 't fix our friendship , and it didn 't excuse any of this .
tr	O	阿列克·德克斯特说了，并且他转过脸去，仿佛被扇了一巴掌。
tr	O	我不确定机场那个人是不是他，但这倒是个不错的猜测。
tr	I	I plopped into a limp heap on the mattress , and my legs gave out when I reached the edge .
tr	I	Michael 's face broke out in an easy smile at some of Joanna 's impressions , and they began comparing notes on who they knew .
tr	I	I saw my feet in the air in front of me and I felt myself fall .
tr	I	Before Frederick could say anything , Leopold spoke up , but Otto openly stared at Frederick , demanding a response .
tr	O	我记得我们谈论离开度假村时，他脸上出现过的阴影，并且一切都水到渠成了。
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to keep my eyes open .
tr	I	None of them had the experience , but he was already trying to fit one of his other guys into the shoot .
tr	I	He slowly crept toward me and his hands tightened into fists .
tr	I	She was without a doubt the daughter of gods , but she may have been mortal .
tr	O	他让我更接近了另一边，并且我知道我变了。
tr	O	我记得他的目光，每一种黄色色调，并且我无法感到害怕。
tr	O	伊兹知道自己被迷住了，但是她却无法自持。
tr	I	The influx of people from other areas of China was at its zenith , and apartment houses were still going up in all areas .
tr	O	她的脸色仍然发绿，并且克莱尔希望这个分心能帮助她把早餐留在肚子里。
tr	I	Thomas wasn 't really listening , but Alanna was engrossed .
tr	I	Once they were inside , they saw light , but he had to pry apart a door with his bare hands to make it in .
tr	I	He ran a thumb under my eye , and I wrapped my hand around his wrist .
tr	O	事实上，当我们还在霍尔顿的时候，他试图就此事与他对质，但是那个人已经消失了。
tr	I	I knew he could get this , but he might usually deal the hard stuff .
tr	O	拉撒路冲到他前面，并且她好好地拍了拍他。
tr	I	The men readied for departure and the repatriation papers were signed .
tr	I	The agreement is that one of us always stays sober and I 'd been careful not to drink because I knew Brax was drinking .
tr	I	I never wanted to hurt you , but I know you may not believe it .
tr	O	寒冷让他喘不过气，但是它也冲走了泡沫。
tr	I	Losing this opportunity to read the man might not come again , and it didn 't seem as if Philip would be staying long .
tr	I	He isn 't , but I thought Sean would be happy to see me .
tr	O	她在长跑上能跑赢我，但是我在短跑上能赢她。
tr	O	妈妈为我们恢复了她的原名，并且那差不多就是她独立的极限了。
tr	O	我张开嘴准备对他大喊，但是我却结结巴巴地说不出话来。
tr	I	He kissed her once more and she moved closer to him .
tr	O	她是对的，并且我知道。
tr	O	我哪里都不会去，并且我打算确保她今天明白这一点。
tr	O	我习惯了别人取笑我，但是我从没想过莱恩会是其中之一。
tr	O	卡西迪，嗯，走了，而且我对所发生的一切感到完全困惑。
tr	I	I tried to figure out where his thought process might go , but my knowledge of the situation was limited .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have him changing himself - and Stefan didn 't force his way .
tr	O	她对他挥舞围巾，并且他也挥手回应，很友好。
tr	I	No guy had ever done that before , and he loved me the way I was .
tr	O	我不停地听到周围的人说我只是个受害者，并且她甩了你，放弃吧。
tr	O	只有少数人类没有屈服于他的努力，并且那个径直走向我的人就是其中之一。
tr	O	小个子黑发女子的眼睛蒙上了一层水雾，而且朱莉娅感到自己的眼睛也如此。
tr	O	凯莉问道，并且她对德里克的专注让那个景象像一张旧照片一样褪去。
tr	I	We were in Miami and she was only five .
tr	I	My hand touched his chest , but his hand caught the floor .
tr	O	我先吃午饭，并且时间差不多了。
tr	O	他知道他对她的感情很强烈，但是他也知道有些事情更强大。
tr	O	我试图解释，但是他却不听。
tr	O	几乎就像是经过编排一样，附近所有的人都转过头去看她，但是她却转过头来看我。
tr	O	医生们期望他康复，但是他们暂时不允许探视。
tr	I	He would turn away before she caught him , but occasionally , he glanced toward her .
tr	I	Her quick reflex to get on the bridge before the others was not conducive of controlled foot work , but she tried to step lightly .
tr	I	He remembered the sound of her voice soothing him through the darkness , but he didn 't remember much about the last few days .
tr	I	I had frozen salty water into an ice cage , but it should have been impossible .
tr	O	阁下努力尝试说完美的英语，但是仍然有一丝口音残留。
tr	O	他仍然拒绝为她提供更保守的服装，但是她已经习惯了穿低胸紧身礼服。
tr	O	我立刻就非常喜欢这个女孩，但是那并没有那么奇怪。
tr	I	I 've got a couple of new outfits and my mom took me shopping in Kokomo Saturday .
tr	I	Perry didn 't care , but they had an audience .
tr	I	The book had sucked me in , but I had been meaning to fix myself something to eat .
tr	I	That kind of whimsy had died with her dad ... but once , when her father had been alive , she recalled writing a letter to Santa .
tr	I	It had brought him luck and he had worn that hat to many sites .
tr	O	我从未听说过他们，并且我高度怀疑我是否想知道。
tr	I	Desire swept through Julian , and their lips brushed , accidentally .
tr	I	She lay still , afraid to move , and Anger ripped through Sabrina like a knife .
tr	O	他搂住了我的腰，并且我迟疑地搂住了他的脖子。
tr	I	There was even a rotisserie set-up between them and the kitchen had a couple of large gas ranges .
tr	I	I could sense that Shane 's guilt was turning into shame , but I didn 't feel any remorse for Gillard Shutter .
tr	O	它可能看起来不一样，但是它在某些方面确实如此。
tr	O	他们去看了电影，并且剩下的夜晚像往常一样放松。
tr	O	他等了那么久，并且他已经爱上了这个行为。
tr	O	如果她被抓，国王无疑会允许审判，并且第二次出逃并不会真正帮助她的案子。
tr	I	Of course it will not , but I step closer , closer , a little wary that the ground might collapse under my feet .
tr	O	那是马车，并且它正快速驶来。
tr	O	战士们去了曼谷，并且我们在国家南部的芭提雅海滩着陆。
tr	I	Dua never had enough and that took more energy than the other two .
tr	I	From the moment you arrived , she never left your side , and she was a baby herself .
tr	O	它仍然上着膛，并且 Jack 清理了武器。
tr	I	Now he was leaving , again , and he opened me up .
tr	O	这不是 Lysander 的客厅，并且 它不是 Nicholas 在看晚间新闻。
tr	I	She jumped off the chair and Tessa 's face lit up .
tr	O	表兄弟们跑了过去，并且 当 Ben 拿起它时，它也变得隐形了。
tr	I	I knew it was about to get a whole lot worse , and I wasn 't sure how to feel .
tr	O	我的电话响了，并且 我知道那可能是 Derrick。
tr	I	I start to lose it , and the sweet scent from her skin infiltrates me .
tr	O	她的生活简直是活生生的地狱，但是 她试图看到光明的一面，但是 她做不到。
tr	O	你九岁，并且 我十六岁。
tr	I	After a half hour , he seemed satisfied , but his face tightened up at some of my answers .
tr	O	我微弱的抗议引发了一场低声的对话，但是 我简直太累了无法偷听。
tr	I	She wanted to be with him so they were together while he was in her country and he wanted to be with her all the time .
tr	I	No sound comes out but I open my mouth .
tr	I	I 'd been fully prepared to kill Micah , too and I 'd killed someone .
tr	I	It makes me feel like I 'm alone , just myself , no one else and I pick up my drumsticks .
tr	I	He stretched out his hand for the cup , and no one was paying him attention , however .
tr	I	We exited the bathroom and I nodded .
tr	O	另外一个球与此同时已经被准备好了，并且 比赛即将重新开始。
tr	O	黑色高跟鞋、红色细高跟鞋、米色漆皮露跟鞋，但是它们似乎没有一双适合那件小黑裙。
tr	I	The building was almost empty , and exam session was already over .
tr	O	我拿起他的手，那只手不知怎地落到了我的膝上，并且我把它放在桌上。
tr	O	达芬奇有时会出奇地天真，并且他非常渴望一位新赞助人。
tr	O	她的手指在键盘上飞舞，并且她完成了，只是晚了三十分钟才按下发送按钮。
tr	I	The movement reminds me of the discomfort in my back , and I shift .
tr	I	They got suspicious right away , but I tried asking my parents .
tr	I	Maybe I was just delusional , or maybe it was hysteria .
tr	I	He caught it deftly , running into the end zone and it landed in his arms .
tr	O	她曾试图拯救尼古拉斯，并且她反而困扰着他。
tr	O	我有事务要处理，并且他有客人要接待。
tr	I	At least I was clean , but I held my place as wingman to all my pretty friends .
tr	I	She had stepped on a landmine , but they would 've torn her apart .
tr	I	We will , of course , consider them alongside our other freelance writers and please do feel free to submit to us any articles that you produce .
tr	O	我告诉你抵抗魔鬼，并且他会逃离你。
tr	I	Izzy seemed to know where we were going , but I 'd lost sight of Finley by now .
tr	O	他不确定如何做，但是他跟着走了。
tr	O	我尽力优雅地爬过篱笆，但是没有用。
tr	I	Her wide grin says it all , but she 's pretending to be mad .
tr	O	很快我的灵魂脱离了我的身体，让它变得冰冷、被遗忘，并且我正低头看着我自己。
tr	I	The agony quiets to pain , but I float on my back , which continues to burn beneath the water .
tr	O	我讨厌刀具，但是我不知道我还有什么选择。
tr	I	You 'll keep them on the beat when they 're marching and you 'll call out the men to battle .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to notice , but some of it spilled down the front of her shirt .
tr	I	He brought a bottle of whiskey and he was planning a day hike ?
tr	I	I stayed , but it was the hardest decision I 'd ever made .
tr	I	She really wanted a slice of fudge , but the fruit looked beautiful .
tr	I	Moving seemed better than standing still , but I didn 't really know where I was going .
tr	I	I shook my head as I watched her running around and she laughed .
tr	I	She flailed , knocking her head into her captor 's chin , and Instinct kicked in .
tr	I	Paul , breathing deeply , lowered his rifle , and there were a moment of silence .
tr	I	I give him a cool smile , and he cocks an eyebrow at me .
tr	O	我们交换了一个眼神，并且她笑了。
tr	O	诺克斯不想等，并且我也不想要一场盛大的婚礼。
tr	O	我生命中过去几年的时光在我脑海中翻腾，并且我意识到我一直害怕大学毕业。
tr	I	There were few places she 'd grown familiar with and she 'd only been in London a few weeks .
tr	I	Lea greeted him first as Azalea stood in the background as awkward as ever and he got up .
tr	I	That 's when I realized he was completely dry except for the hem of his t-shirt and he nodded to my stained shirt .
tr	O	他不认为自己曾见过如此完美的一对，并且他突然着迷于要把那个女孩带回他家。
tr	O	“快点，”他说，并且他咒骂了我。
tr	O	我认为他打断了她好几根手指，但是他当然什么也没做来帮助她。
tr	I	He needed Carol , and he 'd come through hell , suffered the torment of losing his wife .
tr	O	也许莉安说的一些话是可信的，但是克莱尔无法接受阿兰娜已经离开了他们。
tr	I	None could find her but a few elders searched the area for Lina .
tr	I	She flinched and her cell phone rang .
tr	I	His eyes glowed red , and his white lips were covered in her blood .
tr	I	One woman asked me what I thought , and I inched my way into the huddle .
tr	O	她的黑色爪子从指尖伸出，但是她什么也做不了。
tr	I	I was smarter , but the mobster was smart .
tr	O	特蕾莎非常重视活动，但是我很想帮助她做这件事。
tr	O	他的许多熟人都会同意，但是他前妻背叛的恶臭仍然缠绕着他。
tr	O	它们并非立即危及生命，但是你应该让医生检查一下。
tr	O	考尔在他的舱房里，阿彻在他的房间里，并且我同时在他们两人的脑海中说话。
tr	O	爸爸发现艾米怀孕了，并且我以为他要发脾气了。
tr	O	我们回到了餐厅，并且我的脚步慢了下来。
tr	O	有些人曾是他年轻时的朋友，而且他现在能听到他们，在脑海里尖叫。
tr	O	她给他带来了很多负担，并且我想喜欢她。
tr	I	This is how it works , and you are now a keeper .
tr	I	Yuri were passing by and he began taunting her as she .
tr	O	我无法理解他的行为，而且不仅如此，我感到被拒绝了。
tr	I	Her mates watched her carefully , and she was beautiful , though .
tr	O	她一直对自己的身体相当满意，并且通常她对裸体并不感到不自在。
tr	I	Bellamy held his hand to her , palm out , but she cringed away , as though expecting a blow .
tr	O	力量从他体内深处涌出，并且一种找出附近魔芋的奇异感觉占据了心头。
tr	I	The soldiers look away , and he bites his lower lip , covers his eyes , pinches his nose .
tr	O	我强迫自己睁开眼睛，并且我轻蔑地瞪着她。
tr	I	My spoon flies out and my mouth falls opens .
tr	O	她眨了眨眼，并且它消失了。
tr	O	肖恩点了点头，并且我注意到了他硬朗的侧影。
tr	I	She stood up , and I let go of her wrist .
tr	O	你的身体变冷，并且你无法回到里面。
tr	O	他吻了我，并且我回应得如此饥渴，以至于我觉得我的嘴唇会瘀伤。
tr	I	I sat up in horror and a little voice spoke up .
tr	O	我的喉咙突然变得年轻，像露丝一样，并且尽管车里很冷，我甚至感觉不到寒冷。
tr	I	It was purplish , but there was light outside .
tr	I	I did not ask , but I wondered if these two were the sons of those lost uncles .
tr	O	现在她的嘴巴合上了，并且他盯着她看。
tr	I	She let out a happy sigh and as I washed her hair , her eyes drifted shut .
tr	I	The less she thought , the less she cared , and the more she ran , the less she thought .
tr	I	I jerked away from him , but Ax reached for my hand .
tr	O	我对他身体的结构做了快速检查，并且一切看起来都很好。
tr	I	I can handle her , and I 'm an anchor .
tr	I	I squeeze them shut and my eyes are flooding .
tr	O	他四处张望以确认，但是不，没有人在她身边。
tr	O	我用尽全力推他，但是当然，那没有任何用处。
tr	O	门上传来一声沉重的闷响，并且接着门便猛地向内撞开，一个身体撞了进来。
tr	I	They were off and someone blew a horn .
tr	O	他们讲完了各自的故事，并且约翰已经证实了一切。
tr	O	他比以前苍白多了，并且额头上渗出了汗珠。
tr	O	她试图反抗，但是她做的一切都无法使她的身体摆脱这些男人。
tr	I	They could potentially hear everything that happened inside and the general had left guards outside the tent .
tr	O	它完全具备了成为那样的条件，然而他却仍在继续。
tr	O	我快笑死了，并且我一点也不安静。
tr	O	他长相出众，并且他在演讲上下了很大功夫。
tr	I	I felt my skin burning up , and he stared at me suggestively again .
tr	I	I was anxious to take the chance down the narrow slope and the smell of smoke was becoming more predominant by the second .
tr	O	他非常需要空气，但是他无法抽身离开。
tr	O	麦克斯可能一点自律性都没有，但是他的智力却一点问题也没有。
tr	O	我听到凯登喊叫着什么的声音，并且我加快脚步走向一座桥。
tr	I	The chapel steps danced with colorful ribbons , and the path to the chapel was lined with bouquets .
tr	I	That makes me smile and maybe Anthony is jealous .
tr	O	待在欧文身边总是让我喘不过气，并且今天也不例外。
tr	O	玛吉是唯一一个曾接近创造它的人，但是我体验它的那一刻就明白了。
tr	I	He smiled , and a thought moved in his eyes .
tr	O	一团白色的魔法热球射穿了巨龙的右翼，并且它又开始咆哮起来。
tr	I	I 'm also the only person getting dicked around and I 'm the only link between all these people .
tr	I	Aiden 's eyes lit up the way only a proud grandparent 's did and I placed my baby in his arms .
tr	I	He wondered what she 'd done with it and now his ring was missing from her finger .
tr	O	这位诚实的男人，他坦白了所有黑暗秘密，并且她信任他。
tr	I	He will answer my prayer , and I know God is faithful .
tr	I	Anyone who has a mind to can watch us get married in the morning , and they 'll party through the night .
tr	I	Though this might make the sailors feel more at home , they were poorly designed for emergency exits and the two grimy windows were more like portholes .
tr	I	Chris made paper airplanes , and Doug cracked bad jokes .
tr	I	I felt our souls connect and his eyes focused on mine .
tr	O	他们无疑认为我很特别，但是我仍然不明白为什么。
tr	O	我的内脏都纠结起来了，并且我有强烈的呕吐冲动。
tr	O	面料闪闪发光，并且我把手放下去触摸它。
tr	I	His arm brushed lightly against hers , and lucius reached above her head .
tr	I	Her heart fell to her toes , and blue flame licked through the metal .
tr	I	What I thought about , feared mostly , was the reaction I 'd receive from my father and the long drive gave me idle time to think .
tr	O	他们再次被困住了，而且他们拥有的选择更少了。
tr	O	我们提出要求是荣幸，并且你们接受也是荣幸。
tr	I	She tousled my hair , and I stood beside her .
tr	O	伊莉丝开始走进房间去劝架，但是麦维克迅速控制了局面，把男孩子们拉开了。
tr	O	他刚一脱身就有人把他按倒了，而且他被甩回到墙上。
tr	O	气温不可能超过八十度，但是感觉就是糟透了。
tr	O	昨晚她被吓得跳起来时，可能把它甩到房间对面去了，但是现在却找不到了。
tr	O	接着他的目光落在了罗米身上，而且他的整张脸似乎都亮了起来。
tr	O	他一开始并没有承认杀过任何人，但是他同意他一定知道些什么。
tr	I	At least the policeman had turned up that morning , but it was a missed opportunity that nagged at him .
tr	I	He 'd kiss her if he looked at her again , but Mari 's gaze was burning a hole on the side of his face .
tr	I	Ian held up his hand , but Spencer started to cry out .
tr	I	Once he reached the exact middle , the Shades on the stage began to swirl , and he hesitantly crossed the stage to the center .
tr	I	I didn 't have enough evidence yet , but I 'd found a few possible places that could be their compounds .
tr	O	至少陪审团是这么认为的，但是知道自己杀了一个人是不同的。
tr	O	他现在变得温和了，并且我敢发誓他的眼睛也湿润了。
tr	I	This time , nothing happened , but she threw one more hard punch to her forearm .
tr	O	我想要，但是我没有。
tr	O	他站了起来，并且马特也模仿了。
tr	I	I sucked on it , drawing on it like I would his cock , and he thrust his tongue deep into my mouth .
tr	I	She wanted him to give way , and Heat coursed through her own body .
tr	O	我们正在侵占他们的土地，并且仅此而已。
tr	I	My dark hair was indeed askew , and there was stubble on my jaw .
tr	I	I didn 't want just that , but her jealousy was flattering .
tr	I	He began and James worked her body drawing out her pleasure until she didn 't have a clue where she ended .
tr	I	The heroes are moving the wrong way , but there is a monster in this room .
tr	I	He did not answer , but the pain that crossed his face gave her short-lived satisfaction .
tr	I	Fen wasn 't about to argue , but that was probably bull .
tr	O	不要弄丢硬币，否则你将无法回来。
tr	I	At the same time , I didn 't like what was happening to me , but I craved him , wanted him .
tr	I	I always will , and I always have .
tr	O	凯莉到餐厅时仍在生气，但是她强迫自己面带笑容地迎接朋友们。
tr	I	I just want to be happy , but you can judge me for that .
tr	O	他不知道这首音乐的原名，并且他怀疑是否有任何机器人创作了它。
tr	I	This shook her to her core and she thought she may lose her best friend .
tr	I	We would need to crash soon , and the sun was beginning to set .
tr	I	I 'm not sure if I could make them smile , but I affirm thee that I will not wail if such a thing happened to me .
tr	O	她的学位是设计，并且她今年夏天将在奥斯汀的一家设计公司实习。
tr	O	他这周已经经历了很多，莉娜失踪了，并且伊希斯去了陵墓。
tr	O	我认为他们都比我高得多，并且他们一定很不舒服。
tr	I	She had bought the Nephilim extra coverage , but Lisa couldn 't burn fallen angels to death .
tr	O	她想要答案，并且她现在就要！
tr	O	伊森已经有计划在进行中，并且他只要有时间，几乎总能得到他想要的东西。
tr	O	它起作用了一段时间，但是埃德加识破了我们的把戏。
tr	I	Her friends had met with her and this was the third Sunday Emily .
tr	I	It was sensible to take precautions , but Sophie didn 't think she was in any danger .
tr	I	A circle is perfect and I am a circle .
tr	O	商业区的街道是畅通的，并且他们进展顺利。
tr	O	他们没有徽章，没有名字……只有一个报告，并且他们又离开了。
tr	I	He would respond with singular interest , hanging on every word no matter how mundane and in those daydreams I was never at a loss for words !
tr	I	He had been allowed to do so and he had insisted on bringing his own scout fighter , instead of a standard fighter , to battle .
tr	O	它尝起来真好，而且我甚至把几根薯条蘸进了奶昔里。
tr	I	He didn 't care , but somewhere in the far reaches of his mind , Todd knew they would be found out .
tr	O	他摸起来仍然很热，但是不像以前那样烫。
tr	I	The Church will get a good , faithful abbot , and he 'll be too busy to brood about things .
tr	O	仿佛我们容忍了那些外星人并且他们现在有了我们的许可离开。
tr	I	At least he 'd received only a mild beating in that one , but he had no real desire to see either of them .
tr	O	到目前为止我一直在忽略它，但是看到她脸上的那块瘀伤？
tr	O	他一直在开玩笑，但是她却非常认真。
tr	O	马修下楼去了厨房，并且亚历克西斯拿出了摄像机。
tr	I	This time , their lustrous color darkened , but as usual , those brightly lit bands slipped from my hands .
tr	O	确实，他们杀死的一些东西从真正的意义上来说并不是人，但是他们夺走了无辜的生命。
tr	I	Acting like that might get one into trouble , but he was polite enough to say nothing .
tr	O	他因为某种东西而兴奋，并且那不是毒品。
tr	I	You do your job and you go to work .
tr	O	我向费利克斯口述了任务的细节，并且他在空白纸上把它们要点列出。
tr	O	她不情愿地把他交了出去，并且我发誓霍珀怒视着我，因为我剥夺了他对她的关注。
tr	O	哈米什还有一个人要服务，而且那需要去地窖一趟。
tr	I	The others had met together in the big house and * * * * Back at the compound 35 .
tr	O	这让她成为了一个非常棒的老师和任何人都会想要的最好的朋友。
tr	I	I looked away from him , and he stared into my eyes as if asking a question .
tr	I	The room was as still as a crypt , but he was still expecting a flurry of indignant protests .
tr	O	吸血鬼很冷漠，但是卢西安感觉到他并非无情。
tr	I	You could hear the wind howling and it was snowing really hard outside .
tr	O	帕蒂在某些事情上可能是对的，但是她错了，关于盖博是无法联系上的。
tr	I	I pushed her , and she was crying .
tr	O	她在酒吧看到了他，而且她的笑容点亮了房间。
tr	I	Jain walked in and he stepped aside .
tr	O	他们的恶臭深入他的肺腑，并且他是一个猎人。
tr	O	吸血鬼的嘴巴大张着，并且你能看到他满嘴的獠牙。
tr	I	Now we 're cut off , and our whole strength was in coordination .
tr	O	他脸颊上的肌肉抽动了一下，让她知道他对这个话题一如既往地敏感，但是他至少回答了。
tr	I	Some message passed between them , and the girls exchanged silent glances .
tr	I	It 's all I can do to contain my fear , and they treat us as livestock , food for the feast .
tr	O	他对我笑了，并且我的嘴唇也自动地回应着弯了起来，即使我正在想他为我，为我们准备了什么。
tr	I	Anything was better than being in that room , but I felt like some rat in an experiment .
tr	O	渡轮好几天都不会到达，并且水上飞机还没有飞过来。
tr	O	房子的蓄水池满了，并且淡水注入了净身池。
tr	I	They were always within arm 's reach , but I didn 't even know her name .
tr	O	那是一个基督教团体，并且我在那晚接受了基督。
tr	I	His boss would go ape shit or he 'd have to kick in some of his own .
tr	O	他美丽的容貌被他难以衡量的悲伤所损毁，并且他的眼睛空洞无神，让我想起一片荒凉的荒原。
tr	O	我以前也曾笑对重重困境，但是现在没人笑得出来。
tr	O	我举起我的枪想射他，但是第一个男孩替我向前扑倒了。
tr	I	I have just enough time to pull her head closer to mine but her body goes limp .
tr	I	I thought I knew them all , and I 've never heard of that team .
tr	I	Hoping for some type of revelation , but my eyes search his knowing he cannot give me an answer .
tr	O	我加快了脚步，但是每走一步，树下的尸体就离我更远了。
tr	O	他重复了一遍，并且我们点了点头。
tr	I	She was looking at a thin man about her same height , and an instant later the door opened swiftly .
tr	I	That is silent , too , but eventually I am given dinner .
tr	I	It was only my second day on the job , and this was shaping up to be the worst day ever .
tr	I	I could feel my pulse had picked up , and I suspected that it was sweaty .
tr	I	For a moment , I couldn 't speak , and my gut squeezed , horribly .
tr	O	他有太多话要回应他的批评者，但是没有人想听。
tr	O	轮到她的朋友插话了，并且她带着一丝咯咯的笑声这样做了。
tr	O	过了好一会儿，但是步枪的射击声终于不再朝他们呼啸而来了。
tr	O	我在猜测，但是雷说它在三楼。
tr	O	好的，所以她是一个朋友，并且我不应该告诉她这些事情。
tr	I	Her eyes seemed to instinctively dart to his mouth , and he moved forward a bit , hesitantly , gauging her reaction .
tr	O	他的手疯狂地工作着以阻止水流，并且朱莉爬回了伊森身边。
tr	O	这是一种无效的风格，并且我轻易地躲开了他的攻击。
tr	O	他的声音很平静，并且他看起来更放松了。
tr	I	I didn 't take notice , but some looked at me funny .
tr	O	他不认为她进他的车是为了偷东西，但是他认为对精神病人永远不能下定论。
tr	I	He whipped around to see most everyone running outside , heading into the woods , and a commotion next door startled him .
tr	O	他抓住了他的手臂，并且再次地，那种紧握没有丝毫退缩。
tr	I	He 's hanging in there , but the doctors couldn 't believe he was still alive .
tr	I	You 're asked no questions , and you don 't ask questions .
tr	O	克莱尔曾认为摩根维尔很糟糕，但是这——这简直是糟糕透顶了。
tr	I	She seemed to hear me , but for some reason , my frantic words made no sound .
tr	O	我还没有百分之百痊愈，但是我感觉好多了。
tr	O	我盯着她看，而且她也直视着我。
tr	O	潘的拥抱让我心中的震惊消散了，并且我环抱住她，紧紧地抱着她。
tr	O	大雾遮蔽了打斗的地点，但是他们都确信那是从南方传来的。
tr	O	门上响起一声轻扣，于是我们猛地分开了。
tr	O	孩子们让我时刻保持警惕，而且我拒绝雇佣保姆。
tr	I	Some guy hacked off her hair while she was passed out so it barely touches her chin and she 's not wearing shoes .
tr	O	绿色的树冠变成了橙色、黄色和棕色的斑块，因为树叶随着季节变化变了颜色。
tr	I	The drive still took a few minutes , but Traffic wasn 't bad .
tr	I	Mac put the glasses on him , and Sneed laid down on the couch .
tr	I	Then I quickly frown , but I smile like a stupid idiot .
tr	I	Some looked ready to flee , and all of them looked uneasily at me .
tr	I	I opened mine to take her spot and she opened her door .
tr	I	Once you find what you 're looking for , meet us at Rockaway Point , and don 't tell anyone .
tr	O	我母亲接着把菲茨吉本先生的注意力引向花园的另一部分，于是他们便从我眼前消失了。
tr	O	太多人挤在钢制屏障后面，而且他们却无所事事。
tr	O	格雷戈里站在米哈伊尔的攻击范围之内，但是有别人。
tr	I	My family never asked , and I never spoke about it .
tr	O	另一个男人的马被一片叶子吓了一跳，并且一时顾及着缰绳。
tr	O	姑且说我不是鬼怪事件的专家，而且我也从不想成为。
tr	O	事情进展不顺利，并且她也没有回去。
tr	I	Even I couldn 't , and Dance saved me in ways my parents , doctors .
tr	O	她的目光猛地回到他身上，并且卡勒姆看到极度的恐惧与她的悲伤混杂在一起。
tr	O	她原地跳了一下，并且我想象她原来的头发在她肩上跳动。
tr	O	岁月待他很好，并且他现在看起来比在她父亲泳池派对上的第一天健康。
tr	O	你想识字，并且我会帮助你。
tr	I	I block out his existence , but the handler starts upending my pockets , roughly searching for The Treatment .
tr	O	我当时就想指出我并不是她男朋友，但是这似乎不合时宜。
tr	O	他差点因为纯粹的惊讶而把我击倒，但是最后我站稳了脚跟。
tr	I	We reported to him on all our cases , and he was the one who backed Gerald 's paranormal investigation business .
tr	I	He pulled back , and her stomach growled .
tr	O	他在我的触碰下颤抖了，但是他没有抽回手。
tr	O	我妈妈去世了，而且我奶奶告诉我她在保护我。
tr	I	We did it in a metal box , and we are apparently the only thing that survived this long after whatever happened .
tr	O	他们没有，而且我承认我是其中之一！
tr	O	这座城市的人民可能不是他妹妹的臣民，但是他不会容许他们被他的军队占便宜。
tr	O	他们已经如履薄冰很长时间了，而且整个戏剧即将迎来最终结局。
tr	I	They know what to do and our adults share knowledge with them .
tr	O	我自己对美术方面没有太多涉猎，但是我很喜欢那个世界。
tr	O	他打开了门，并且她走进了他的怀抱。
tr	I	Lately it had come leaking out a little , but for Claire 's sake , I 'd hidden a lot of what I felt about her boss .
tr	I	I edged around her and my tone was rising .
tr	I	I felt myself relax slightly , and the familiar taste was comforting .
tr	O	他们连续几天都这样下去，并且他们慢慢地发现了彼此。
tr	I	Neither man can bridge the gap now - but the raw wound of a broken relationship is still sore for both of them .
tr	I	You have provided your children with a home and you are reconnecting with Jeff .
tr	O	也许是因为他不想引起人们的注意，但是现在沃斯在街上走得更慢了。
tr	I	I returned the pressure and she squeezed my hand .
tr	O	她的脊背僵硬了，并且她抬头看着树冠上的动物。
tr	I	My hand was shaking furiously , but I tried to hold the needle upright .
tr	I	The people in the next unit might but I don 't think Harvey knows .
tr	I	I don 't care for it and Ethan 's never been so blunt .
tr	I	Some instinct cautioned me against lying this time and I regarded Mage 's shrewd , hawkish eyes .
tr	I	She kissed him and she smiled .
tr	I	Then Claire felt the statue shake as something leaped on top , and a shadow flashed by them , barely visible in the moonlight .
tr	I	I shoot her a look over my shoulder , warning her to keep her mouth shut and Lila asks way too loud .
tr	I	We won 't , and I know you don 't want to talk about it .
tr	O	国王胃口很好，但是他早上从不吃东西。
tr	O	神经慢慢地平静下来，当他驶上高速公路并且我们平稳地在夜间驶向机场时。
tr	O	当我妈妈带着杂货回家时我松了口气，并且我帮她卸下东西，感谢这种分散注意力的事。
tr	O	佩剑张开嘴想回答，但是他的话语真的进入了她的内心。
tr	O	一间曾是他的房间，并且另一间属于他的妹妹。
tr	O	她站不太稳，但是只要附近有墙，她就没事。
tr	I	He seemed shocked as hell , and I yanked my wrist away .
tr	I	Then , miraculously , it begins to fade , but it is all I can do not to scream .
tr	O	他仍然会离开，并且她仍然会被留在雷霍博斯，而不是去实现她的大城市梦想，照顾她的母亲。
tr	I	It was too late , but Aden tried to rise .
tr	I	A policeman poked his head round and there was a knock on the stateroom door .
tr	I	We both fell into the water , and I gave his arm a light yank , lost my balance .
tr	O	两名强盗在袭击中丧生，一人死在路上，并且一人在激战中阵亡。
tr	I	Soon , I saw him clearly enough , but it took a moment .
tr	O	克林特心中燃起了一丝希望，但是它立刻被爱德华浇灭了。
tr	I	I pressed on , determined to warm them up with mine , but they were cool , like she 'd been eating something cold .
tr	O	他已经知道这一点，但是突如其来的混乱中，他没有必要的停顿来完成一次彻底的驱逐。
tr	I	It was nothing like this , but he was a big bear of a man like me .
tr	I	I wanted him on my terms ... but Ax was all I 'd ever wanted .
tr	O	里奥片刻后跳进了后座，并且车门在他身后关上了。
tr	I	Then the metal door opens , and I hear a big screech .
tr	I	She was sort of dreading making her way back into the room , but the poker game she was supposed to be serving was ahead of her .
tr	I	My nerves once again settled and the suffocating sensation of choking passed .
tr	O	我刚刚接到了莉莲·布雷的电话，并且她把一切都解释清楚了。
tr	O	一个是拖拉机，而一个是野马。
tr	O	加勒特搂住莎拉的腰，把她拉到身边，并且他迅速消除了女士们眼中的担忧。
tr	I	They weren 't sad ones , exactly but I felt tears stinging my eyes .
tr	O	他比我矮，瘦骨嶙峋并且我猜他至少比我小十岁。
tr	O	他们在一起很可爱，但是想到我父母结婚了，感觉有点奇怪。
tr	I	Her fingertips began to glow and a low chanting erupted from her lips .
tr	I	The area was deserted , but I checked to make sure there weren 't any giants lurking around .
tr	I	He didn 't really care now , and Simon hadn 't noticed it before .
tr	O	他没有说话，但是我有了答案。
tr	I	We 'll choose the best and you guys do the same .
tr	I	Tears wouldn 't come , but she wanted to cry .
tr	O	她要么获得帮助，或者她会死。
tr	O	亚当不喜欢把女人留给她们的命运……但是德鲁西拉坚持认为营救开明女祭司穆丽尔太重要了。
tr	O	几扇窗户排列在一面墙上，但是所有窗户都覆盖着隐私膜。
tr	I	He knew the chances of that were next to nothing , but he wanted to be able to share affection with someone .
tr	O	实际性占了上风，并且他松了一口气。
tr	O	她低语着，并且我嘴里发出了一阵轻松的笑声。
tr	I	A few minutes later , Elizabeth appeared , and the matron returned to her desk .
tr	O	他的肩膀便随着一声叹息放松了，并且他走向了科尔顿。
tr	I	It sometimes happened , but they rarely took a man so suddenly .
tr	O	此时此刻这似乎根本没有困扰她，但是我真的不能怪她。
tr	I	I was doing my best to rock a fussing Declan while belted into my seat , and our plane was descending into Los Angeles .
tr	I	I didn 't know it was actually working now until you screamed , but I mean I knew I could do that before .
tr	O	他瞥了一眼火堆，但是火已经熄灭了。
tr	I	She accepted the offer , but Cassidy saw that the young woman was miserable .
tr	O	她知道所有这些问题的答案，但是她不会停止，直到我让步。
tr	I	My jaw hurt too damn bad but I tried to laugh .
tr	I	Connor followed and Takeo entered .
tr	O	我甚至还没有和他睡过，但是我却在这里，把自己给了布兰登。
tr	I	Wayne Brockman had been killed during the rescue , but the girl was unharmed .
tr	O	当她试图恢复平衡时，他的手紧紧地抓住她的腰，并且那触碰消除了焦虑。
tr	I	Finally the good Doctor announced that it was time to get to work on the startup and Progress was encouraging .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be anything close to what the house was actually worth , but they 'd still have to pay rent .
tr	I	Laura knew that his looks were just another of the many weapons that Dirk had mastered over the years , and he oozed sex appeal .
tr	I	What she 'd done to Josh 's truck had to be reckoned with , but maybe her craving for a cigarette would pass .
tr	O	我和迪克兰在一起后感到浑身酸痛，但是这里有些东西我真的很喜欢。
tr	I	A full premonition of something to come , but this was not one of her fleeting glimpses of the future either .
tr	O	他的手粗糙多节，并且指关节从蜡黄色的皮肤中凸出。
tr	O	他们中没有一个人会直接指证科拉多，但是有足够的证据能将他与这些罪行松散地联系起来。
tr	O	我接过卡片，但是我的决定早已做出。
tr	O	我给了她一个脱身的机会，但是她想留在那里。
tr	I	That much blood loss had made me weak and I can barely see now with all that beating .
tr	O	他们把我的三个包拿了出来，并且我把它们拖走了。
tr	I	He was old , but he wished to avenge his sons ' death .
tr	O	他的背因决心而僵直，并且毫无疑问他的脑海里正在盘算着如何克服她的抵抗。
tr	O	斯通把拇指插在腰带里，但是他没有动。
tr	I	He ignored me , scratching at the bottom of the door that led into the Plumeria room , but I tried to shush him .
tr	I	He gave it to you and that was his personal power .
tr	O	我知道这很傻，但是这让我感觉好多了。
tr	O	米切尔突然意识到他想解释清楚，但是他不知道该如何做。
tr	O	他们遮住了眼睛，并且吉妮被迫解除了她的咒语。
tr	I	She lowered her eyes and Missy 's smile faded .
tr	I	Hopefully Trajan will overlook it if I 'm not , but I don 't know if I 'm doing it right .
tr	I	She shoved herself away , breaking contact and a look of horror crossed her face .
tr	I	Then a whoosh as a ring of flames suddenly exploded to life , and it was followed by a click click click .
tr	O	我泪流满面，并且周看起来很不安。
tr	O	我试图睁开眼睛，并且这需要巨大的努力。
tr	I	We prayed together , and then I rose .
tr	O	这是旅程的最后一程了，并且他很近了，非常近了。
tr	I	She turned her head , but his lips brushed her cheek .
tr	O	利亚姆扫描时她不在那里，但是她现在在了。
tr	I	For every other person he could help , and he was doing it for Liz , for the people there today .
tr	I	She felt more tormented than ever , but the voices might still be gone .
tr	I	I really didn 't get it , but I 'm glad he appealed to her in some odd way .
tr	O	他的手向我许诺了未来的冒险，并且我接受了。
tr	O	奎因勋爵的眼睛睁大了，并且整个房间陷入了寂静。
tr	I	He 'd come home to a polite greeting from his wife and T was as if nothing amiss had occurred during his absence .
tr	O	故事是一样的，但是他遗漏了许多关键信息。
tr	I	They believe they are possibly other members of Henry Meyer 's family , but the other three bodies they have no idea who they could be .
tr	I	Bax seemed to be intentionally keeping himself in the way , but Matthew tried to get a look at the figure on the ground .
tr	O	是的，斯凯勒承认她已经在这里四个月了，但是摩根已经死了。
tr	I	He didn 't catch sight of his partner anywhere , but Ty strolled into the lobby , expecting Zane to be waiting for him .
tr	I	I was just exhausted , but it wasn 't a thriller .
tr	O	他不知道他到底为什么感到内疚，但是他确实如此。
tr	O	她喜欢那些艺术品，并且大卫虽然假装抗议它们散落在屋子里，但他其实并不介意。
tr	O	她让我他妈的担心死了，但是当我靠近她时，我努力保持冷静。
tr	O	他接着道歉，说有一个错误，并且他们会进行一次复测。
tr	O	我不记得很清楚，但是我确实记得刚才那一下。
tr	I	The night 's going , and the Moon 's gone .
tr	I	He 'd always treated her well , and there had been no promises made .
tr	I	I didn 't turn to see who it was , but a soft knock on the door startled me .
tr	I	Somehow she knew it had nothing to do with his arm and he winced .
tr	I	Renna sank back onto her heels , and the safe opened with a click .
tr	I	Cleon wetted his lips in anticipation , and a knock sounded on his door .
tr	I	She wouldn 't rest easy until she actually saw them in my hands , but I already owned a lot of them .
tr	I	It was the place that their military efforts originated from , and it was a large room , maps lining three of its four walls .
tr	O	我从今天早上开始就处于战斗模式了，并且事实上，从未从中解脱出来。
tr	I	Then she remembered what he 'd told her about where he 'd come from , but for a moment she thought he was kidding .
tr	I	She stared , and it was clear from Zoe 's expression that she had not actually seen such a weapon before .
tr	I	His imagination was working overtime , and he had always been a little claustrophobic , which had prevented him from considering the submarine service .
tr	I	I was not interested , but he was very handsome .
tr	I	I once tried to check time cards , but their scientists work in the large installations .
tr	I	At last he nodded shortly , but a low growl escaped him .
tr	I	She could feel the beat of his heart through both their T-shirts and their bodies lay neatly aligned .
tr	O	我们又聊了一会儿，但是在我们挂断电话之前，塔莎又绕了回来。
tr	I	He 'd been assured it was going to go fast despite a hefty price tag and the agent had been thrilled with the listing .
tr	I	None answered her question , and none of them looked directly at Lisa .
tr	I	I 'll be in York at tea time , and I 've been abroad , just got back .
tr	O	你是在英格兰被通缉的女人，并且有奖金悬赏你。
tr	I	He pulls me into him as he returns my kiss with even more intensity than before and his hands wrap around my waist .
tr	I	By the time he found me it was too late , and I was the one that got away .
tr	O	我拿了百分之五，并且他完成了销售。
tr	O	他以为她可能会赌气挂掉电话，但是她没有。
tr	I	In truth I couldn 't slow down enough for her to catch me , but she caught me all right .
tr	O	你真是你父亲的儿子，而且我为你感到无比骄傲。
tr	I	Everyone extends a chronometer hand to touch it , and Mr. Cameron has provided a stool to set it on .
tr	O	黛拉发出了轻微的抽噎声，并且凯莉意识到那个吸血鬼在哭。
tr	I	Then he stamped his signature with a blue seal of the agency , and a bureaucrat completed a form , signed it at the bottom .
tr	O	我现在几乎是在耳语，但是不知怎么地，他还是听到了我。
tr	O	卢卡斯帮我照顾我，但是那是我的选择。
tr	I	She looks like any other baby doll and take her out of the box .
tr	I	He was the end and I was the beginning .
tr	O	他扔下钥匙，并且它们在地板上发出叮当声。
tr	I	For the most part , I let myself be carried along uncaring , but the occasional jarring would rouse me .
tr	I	His hand reaches for me , and his eyes fix on mine .
tr	O	利奥从小听的关于猎户座、关于传说中的野兽的所有故事以及他对天象的知识都在岛民的脑海中盘旋。
tr	O	希夫向她保证他有钱，并且她可以买任何她想要的东西。
tr	O	我把注意力转向他，并且一双酷似艾莉的眼睛回望着我。
tr	O	仿佛我是她被剥夺的一部分，并且她想要把它要回来。
tr	I	Aria 's Subaru gunned up the hill , and headlights appeared above the crest .
tr	O	现在他们又要生一个孩子了，并且加勒特先生将无法工作！
tr	I	She looks helplessly lost for the first time since I met her and she catches my gaze .
tr	O	我内心畏缩，随着柯克笑容的消失，并且他用尴尬的点头回应我的话。
tr	I	I froze and she whispered .
tr	O	亨利再次拉扯着锁链，但是他的茫然表情没有改变。
tr	I	They could still make it , but the shuttlecraft would be leaving at any moment .
tr	I	It isn 't easily accessible to the other classes and we would need to get the key because it 'll be locked up for the night .
tr	O	凭着他身上的那些赘肉，他本可以藏匿一个军火库，并且我们就永远不会知道。
tr	I	For the most part the halls were empty , but I passed a few people on the way .
tr	I	That didn 't diminish the excitement of the evening , but this time there was no contest .
tr	I	He will try to interrupt our operations , and he now knows of your presence .
tr	O	他们逃走了，并且我们听到门在他们身后关上。
tr	I	I had enough on my mind to sort through , and the silence left me plenty of time to think .
tr	I	I couldn 't see anything except the blackness of night but I peered out the window .
tr	I	I wasn 't convinced for a second , but I don 't know about anyone else .
tr	I	Kim would be ignorant of his true intentions , but there was time to explain the idea to Julie .
tr	I	Once I do , I see his pen freeze while writing but I didn 't mean to say that one .
tr	O	谈话停止了，并且汉克从我身边大步走过，在路中央，一个包斜挎在他的肩上。
tr	I	I return with the scent of another woman on me , and it is a natural conclusion when you wake alone .
tr	O	清晨的空气很凉爽，并且她脊背一阵发凉。
tr	O	他们都盯着我，并且现在我不能完全确定自己没有尿裤子。
tr	O	我告诉了他我丢了东西的事情，并且他说，“能找到就走运了。”
tr	O	他缓慢而精准地绕着桌子转了一圈，然后深吸了几口气。
tr	I	Waiting , and watching .
tr	O	丽兹的目光落在洛根身上，并且她的手引起了西蒙的注意。
tr	O	爵士张开嘴准备回应，但是什么也想不到。
tr	I	His brow furrowed in confusion , and I struggled in his arms .
tr	I	I can endure nothing without you ... and I could endure anything for you .
tr	O	他伸出一只手，并且她把自己的手放了进去。
tr	I	Breakfast was served , and Day 11 Morning came quickly .
tr	I	Nisha looked away but Emma caught her eye .
tr	I	It took a lot to scare Madison , and he scared the hell out of Madison .
tr	O	她并没有真正看到我，但是她知道我在这里。
tr	I	The second one pulls up my dress , and I started to scream .
tr	O	酋长不能强迫她给他刀子而不失面子，并且他也不能直接从她手中夺走。
tr	O	泰西第一个清醒过来，所以她环顾四周，并且事物看起来与她上床时不同。
tr	O	他问道，但是我能看出他已经知道了。
tr	O	马特把手拿开了，并且这让史蒂文感觉好多了。
tr	I	I can 't be totally certain because it doesn 't sound quite human , but I 'm pretty sure it 's me .
tr	O	她的头开始眩晕，并且她的双腿也真的发软了。
tr	O	我想我当时在哭，并且说出的话语都在颤抖。
tr	O	甚至她的手都是红的，并且到处都闻起来有血腥味。
tr	O	他每秒都在变得更强，但是他不承认。
tr	I	The pages which she knew contained Isis ' spell , were missing , but she began pouring through it to find anything related to her predicament .
tr	I	It 's what 's expected from them or they settle because they think they need to .
tr	I	This time my heart picked up speed , and his eyes again went to my lips .
tr	O	善良从他身上散发出来，对待每一个人，并且他的科学学生们都崇拜他。
tr	I	The feeling of disquiet grew and my heart began to pound .
tr	I	Sylvia was arrested for receiving smuggled livestock , and both birds have been put into quarantine as they appear to be ill .
tr	I	The expression on her face betrayed her , but she tried to hide the surprise .
tr	O	他大约六英尺高，体型巨大，并且穿着一件非常厚重的夹克，你甚至可以在冰冷的水中保持温暖。
tr	O	我试图把她放下来，但是我不得不和她坐在一起，所以她最终坐在了我的腿上，像个孩子一样。
tr	I	I could tell she was putting on a face for me , but her lips were drawn into a smile .
tr	O	当时差一刻八点，并且天空中几乎没有光线了。
tr	O	她与一位美国参议员的风流韵事并非秘密，但是如果她保持低调，它可能就不会吸引那些秃鹫。
tr	I	He 's been in this job for nigh on two years now , but he was Solicitor General one time , right enough .
tr	I	She danced backwards out of his reach , but Ashley saw a meaty arm swing for her .
tr	I	He looked at it as he ordered a coffee , and there was a sandwich menu .
tr	I	He was having a hard time of it , but each was no taller than Goodspeed 's knees .
tr	I	Until now the lifestyle had suited him fine , but Mike hadn 't been determined to remain a bachelor .
tr	I	We all laughed and I quipped .
tr	O	她的指甲这次抓到了他的背，并且每次抓挠都让他更硬一分。
tr	O	我知道那听起来很疯狂，但是我醒来时听到了它们。
tr	O	我穿过门进入，并且他跟在我身后。
tr	I	I 'm sure I sounded more like an elephant , but I used my sultry voice while batting my eyelashes .
tr	O	那似乎让尼克满意了，并且他帮忙把拉米亚抬向货车。
tr	I	Then revenge would be his , and with that information he could begin to form his plan .
tr	O	他曾想过跟踪他，但是那会是不明智的。
tr	O	我滑到方向盘后面，并且克莱尔坐到我身边。
tr	O	我周围的狗头人发出了如释重负、充满喜悦的叫喊声，并且我全心全意地加入了他们。
tr	I	My mouth is dry and the sun is relentless .
tr	O	她没化妆，但是她很少化妆。
tr	O	我不知道该如何回应伍兹的建议，但是它却在我脑海中不停地重播。
tr	O	我感到愤怒、渺小、愚蠢，并且他那镇定的自信让我感到不安。
tr	O	伊欧娜除了他牢牢地在她体内之外，什么都感觉不到，那是她存在的起点。
tr	I	She ignored it , but a dull shard of dread hit her in the chest .
tr	O	他们已经足够大，可以照顾自己了，并且蔡斯也不必面对他们的幼儿时期。
tr	O	门上传来敲门声，并且然后她母亲探头进来。
tr	O	它的长耳朵动了动，并且它发出一声难听的喷鼻声，听起来更像是驴子的叫声而不是马骄傲的嘶鸣。
tr	I	Peggy 's Cove sounded boring , and I 'd never get to the ranch with Kim .
tr	I	I like them , but they 're rough .
tr	O	手摇晃着我，并且我坐了起来。
tr	O	他的脉搏似乎暂时稳定了，但是接着又开始颤动起来。
tr	I	Then said what I was thinking , but I hesitated , feeling adrenaline pulsing through my veins .
tr	O	我看着凯尔文的眼睛，并且很明显他正在思考下一步的行动。
tr	I	I wisely decided to limit my curiosity to that of a purely investigative nature , but it was almost enough to make me a tiny bit curious .
tr	I	He moaned into my lips , and my hand ran along the smoothness .
tr	O	我不敢相信有多少，而且更糟糕的是，他们都长得像我。
tr	O	我的心跳得太快了，并且我努力整理思绪。
tr	I	The plainclothes cop , who was standing behind him , scowled , and Ralston grunted .
tr	O	他在那儿站了一会儿，目不转睛地看着她，并且她坐在那儿什么也没看。
tr	O	我的声音不够大，传不到第一层，但是贝克斯还是能听到。
tr	O	我没有要求回家，但是我怀疑他们当初也不会让我走。
tr	I	I wouldn 't cross her , but Raegan was a great friend .
tr	I	There were the faint outlines of booted footprints , but Death left no tracks .
tr	I	He looked pretty damn strong and that man was stronger than he looked .
tr	I	Someone might just find her asleep in a corner somewhere or if she had to she would make up odd jobs .
tr	O	是帕特里克，并且这是我第一次见到他时的样子。
tr	I	The pieces finally came together , and Henry remembered what the man had called her earlier .
tr	O	这是计划，并且它奏效了。
tr	O	这让母马受了点惊，并且她不满地侧身避开了。
tr	O	她想尖叫，但是声音从未发出。
tr	O	我关上了门，并且他开始大笑。
tr	O	她知道他想让她笑，但是她太虚弱了，笑不出来。
tr	I	Colin groaned and their solitude had officially ended .
tr	O	是其中一个例子），但是大卫把这些藏了起来。
tr	O	伦诺克斯走向我，并且我后退得更远。
tr	I	More than that , you have always been my one true love , but you are my wife .
tr	O	这次迈克尔·皮特是副驾驶，并且鲍勃在54,000英尺的高度释放了穿梭机，这是整个团队的记录。
tr	O	他感觉到手铐冰冷坚硬的金属紧紧地扣住他的手腕，并且他被拖着站了起来。
tr	O	她又露出了那种内疚的表情，并且莫林猜她正在和葆拉打长途电话。
tr	I	I spoke over him , but he tried to respond , looking angry .
tr	I	Helen seems to carry herself well , but I can smell the faint scent of alcohol in the hall .
tr	O	这个男人，这位传统的南方绅士，眼泪都快出来了，并且她不知道该怎么帮助他。
tr	I	Ours was the first , but there were others later .
tr	O	她撞到了我的肩膀，那肩膀已经疼得要命了，并且我大声咒骂，把她吓坏了。
tr	O	她露出了一个非常狡黠的笑容，并且我发出了呻吟。
tr	I	In a panicked moment I fear for James ' life and I 'm afraid to consider the answers to my own questions .
tr	O	我感到不适，但是话还是在我能阻止它们之前脱口而出。
tr	I	He was snapped forward again , his arms almost wrenched from their sockets and the thread grew taut .
tr	I	She clutched her chest , and misery twisted her face .
tr	O	过了一会儿我睡着了，但是四点钟时，我那不争气的膀胱把我弄醒了。
tr	O	绳子被拉紧了，并且她的身体悬空了。
tr	O	她得到了她的消遣，并且她离开了他。
tr	I	Jasmine poked at Jack , and she gazed at Jasmine .
tr	I	Now she was worried silly that something had happened to him , and she had gone from irritation , to anger , to anxiety .
tr	I	It isn 't the same over the phone and I needed to talk to you .
tr	O	我知道现在需要做什么，并且这对我来说不会很有趣。
tr	O	她总是好得很快，自从她还是个小女孩的时候，并且她从未生过病。
tr	I	He swerved to avoid hitting the vehicle and the car ahead of them made a sudden stop .
tr	O	给予安慰对他来说是新鲜事，并且他祈祷自己做得正确。
tr	O	诺亚从未对他的战斗表示过任何担忧，但是我也从未给他这个机会。
tr	I	This escape attempt would require great endurance , but she 'd created a brace to keep it from failing under normal circumstances .
tr	I	We couldn 't care for her properly any more , but it 's about an hour 's drive .
tr	O	简开始打字，但是塞巴斯蒂安又接管了。
tr	O	我不想要它，但是我情不自禁。
tr	I	I was shunted away home , but I wanted to comfort you there .
tr	O	乐趣变成了无聊，并且我想要更多的乐趣。
tr	I	Finally she got an answer and the phone rang several times .
tr	I	It wasn 't allowed to attract anyone 's attention , but of course , he could use his special skills .
tr	O	显然我的爆发正在影响他，或者他理解了。
tr	I	I didn 't want to stick around to find out , but I had no idea what he was going to sing .
tr	I	He was smart enough to keep his annoyance to himself , but Anger sizzled through the cur 's hazel eyes .
tr	I	He stumbled , and it impacted his ankle .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell you what his ordinary facial expression really meant , but I can 't say the goblin looked pleased to see us .
tr	I	Every corner was cleverly used , and the ship was small .
tr	O	我们紧紧拥抱了一下，并且我们回了家。
tr	I	She ducked inside and he opened the door .
tr	O	她垂下头片刻，并且所有人都身子又向前倾了倾，完全被迷住了。
tr	O	他双臂环上她的脖子，并且他们互相亲吻了。
tr	O	那是很久以前的事了，但是反抗她母亲的记忆仍然让她感到一丝快意。
tr	I	He wasn 't surprised when human soldiers stepped into view and they waited .
tr	O	醉汉虚弱地伸手去拿所需的威士忌，并且她给了他重重一击，正中头部。
tr	I	I turned to make a clean getaway , and Abbot left us in the hallway .
tr	O	她不知道如何才能救他们，更不用说救她自己了，但是她还不打算放弃。
tr	O	他们只是在想出去玩玩，但是他们想看看我们在做什么。
tr	O	他甚至没说再见，在格蕾琴和我去机场之前。
tr	O	阿德里安娜喊道：“这里没人，走开！”，但是敲门声依然持续。
tr	I	We both fall onto the small hammock suspended between two poles and as he turns to me , I throw myself at him .
tr	O	听起来像一辆卡车，并且它移动得很快。
tr	I	We were ushered into the back card room and it was just after two before our name was finally called .
tr	I	I stare at the numbers on my phone , and she leaves .
tr	I	She didn 't hand it to Jaiden , but when she was finished she closed the notebook .
tr	I	That wasn 't about to change while he spent most of his life overseas , and Tammy Haynes was her own person .
tr	I	From the afterlife she had learned a great deal , and she had seen him when she was a spirit .
tr	I	She 'd see them , and they 'd come down .
tr	O	冒出一小股火焰，并且红色的余烬从棕色的残骸上落下。
tr	O	我知道它尝起来不像，但是里面有很多酒精。
tr	I	Her legs were sore , and Rema 's back ached .
tr	O	她的脸透过两个面罩而扭曲，但是我看出她是认真的。
tr	I	I smiled , and my eyes narrowed on her .
tr	I	They were vaguely on the same side , but they weren 't exactly a real team .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but Raja was lucky not to get pulled over .
tr	O	我想向他保证，但是我不知道该怎么做。
tr	I	There just wasn 't enough room , but I tried to cross my arms .
tr	O	我不是说那不会是认识论，但是我将从与巴雷特不同的角度来看待这些问题。
tr	I	I unashamedly needed more proof , but I really wanted to believe Thorne .
tr	I	You 'll go after Haidar , and I 'll open up to Ayman .
tr	O	我对他投以疑问的目光，疑惑他的匆忙，但是他的脸庞却毫无表情。
tr	O	他在受苦，并且她因过于满足而没有注意到。
tr	O	你想杀我，但是还有其他人。
tr	O	当他的目光锁定在莱利身上时，他的脚步只是略微犹豫了一下，但是他随即继续走过去，比之前走得更快了一些。
tr	O	我忙着扫视地平线，但是我什么也没看到。
tr	O	阿黛拉的思绪回到了爱情和其中所涉及的情感上。
tr	O	水面在他们下方足足三十英尺，然而瑞秋仍然能感觉到水面上散发出的热气。
tr	I	Younger prisoners often have the most difficulties , and he was very young , of course .
tr	I	She loved even those qualities , but her husband was a dominant , hardheaded alpha male .
tr	I	She 's too fast but he grabs for her .
tr	I	I could do nothing to pull it out and my foot slipped into the space between two broken boards .
tr	O	我对我们有很大的计划，并且我期待着他长大后我们能一起做的所有事情。
tr	O	我知道你到底是谁，吉蒂·多，并且我知道你对我来说到底有多大价值。
tr	I	His smile is the first clue that my luck might be changing and the doctor bursts through the door .
tr	O	我为让她挽着我的手臂而感到非常自豪，但是我也不想让其他人看她。
tr	I	I still need him to try to attack me , but I see the frustration building inside of him .
tr	O	麦克让开了路，并且汤姆重重地摔了下来，扭伤了脚踝。
tr	O	我曾尝试询问那件事，但是他不愿再进一步讨论。
tr	I	Gore leaked down over the keys , and Blood jetted across the white lid .
tr	I	He groaned low in his throat , and her fingers tucked inside his boxers .
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安不高兴，并且他的怒容更加阴沉了。
tr	I	She was immediately suspicious , and he introduced himself awkwardly .
tr	O	口音非常好，但是它不完全是美式口音。
tr	O	他们有能力帮助我们这些在派系中苦苦挣扎的人，但是他们却任由我们四分五裂。
tr	I	He wasn 't from Adamant , and he was older than me .
tr	O	在她开口之前我就感觉到拉克西正在靠近，并且我慢慢转过头去看她。
tr	O	他正在竭尽全力说服这个女孩，并且这没有奏效。
tr	I	It was better than the parking lot , but it wasn 't the most romantic place .
tr	O	她甚至没有动弹分毫，并且他进入房间时也没有安静下来。
tr	I	Alex frowned , and you just focus on ... A soft sob from outside the shelter .
tr	I	There 's a familiar figure there that captures me , and my eyes go to his ink again .
tr	I	He just couldn 't sleep but Alejo closed his eyes .
tr	I	The whole idea of him picking out my panties is amusing me , but I try to keep a straight face .
tr	O	整件事开始让我感到害怕，并且还有两页要抄写。
tr	O	我靠在她胸前点了点头，但是我那时真的连思考任何事情都做不到，更不用说做出人生决定了。
tr	O	道格凝视着鲍德温，并且鲍德温在发呆。
tr	I	His rough hands find me , and I stumble forward .
tr	I	My breaths came irregularly , just watching and my heart rate spiked .
tr	I	I didn 't try to stop them , but tears started to slide down my face .
tr	O	尖叫声停止了，并且在它们消失后我的名字回荡起来，近在咫尺，令人震惊。
tr	O	波波没有挣扎，并且他没有反抗。
tr	O	朱丽叶会用她的治疗技能提供帮助，这些技能得到了里奥丹的强化，但是他知道那两个女人对朱丽叶有着巨大影响。
tr	O	我一直都把你当妹妹爱着，并且我知道你有生气的理由。
tr	O	她没有想过她的父母，但是现在这一切报复性地涌了进来。
tr	I	I worked there during the day and we found a university lab where I could manufacture the filament .
tr	I	I could tell he was pissed but he gave me a tolerant look .
tr	I	I started to panic and he didn 't move .
tr	I	His injuries weakened him , but Xavier didn 't break a sweat .
tr	I	Becca pulled her close with her free arm and she leaned her head into Becca 's chest .
tr	O	我对她大喊回去，并且他对我露出了一个叛逆的笑容。
tr	I	It pierces my heart , and the confusion in his voice reminds me of when he was a young boy .
tr	I	I might have exaggerated their severity , and I might have mentioned the hallucinations .
tr	I	They laughed when he laughed and his dark eyes were expressive .
tr	I	There was nothing I could say , but I wanted to help him .
tr	I	This drove him on , with at least some idea of direction , and as he scrambled to the top he heard the dog once more .
tr	O	最后几名乘客躬身登机，并且我们仍然留在原地。
tr	O	这是他的生活，并且他最好习惯它。
tr	O	他可以看到远处的圆环以及她离开时他努力拼凑起来的那些中级跳跃。
tr	O	有些事情不对劲，并且他不喜欢这样。
tr	O	我们被指示快速通过队伍，因为还有更多的客人需要介绍，但是克劳德对此不予理会。
tr	O	她的笑声很有感染力，并且杰森也跟着哈哈大笑起来。
tr	I	I like that one the best , but I have other versions of it .
tr	I	You find out it doesn 't matter , but you think that was what you wanted all along .
tr	O	我不想故意侵犯安妮的隐私，而且我也不愿把卡拉想得太坏。
tr	I	Mom was in there supervising , and Clean up was kind of a pain , since there was grease everywhere .
tr	I	Lexi crossed her arms , frustrated , and then reality crashed in .
tr	O	他们是敌人，并且法庭就是战场。
tr	I	He lay on the ground , sobbing uncontrollably , and he fell out of his chair when she finally released him .
tr	I	After a shower Jesse set off for the office , and they had some breakfast .
tr	O	那是一场血腥大屠杀，而且他们很少谈论它。
tr	O	室外扶手栏杆的木头经过精心翻新，并且对面的墙上有一个通往楼上的绳索扶手。
tr	I	It reflected blue in the dim light , and his hair was dark , the color of obsidian .
tr	O	大家都松了口气，而且皮帕邀请她到家里来住，这样她就能重新认识她的哥哥。
tr	O	我想笑，但是我的声音变得嘶哑。
tr	I	She refused , but Julian tried to push Penelope out of the way .
tr	I	It 's your fault because you couldn 't handle reality and your dad 's dead .
tr	O	布雷克站得离我们近得令人不适，而且我试图抑制住颤抖。
tr	I	They asked if they could stay the night and the rich man was a nice person .
tr	O	她当然想和她的女朋友们保持联系，但是与此同时，她真的很喜欢布莱恩。
tr	I	I cut him off , but he opened his mouth to say something .
tr	I	His political downfall shot him to power within the Faith , but he was a relatively high member while a minister .
tr	O	赞恩站在他身后，并且他们紧锁着同样的眉头。
tr	O	那个光头一直往我们这边看，并且这让我感到紧张。
tr	I	He took a huge breath , and his little piggy eyes widened .
tr	O	我知道地球上有很多地方是人类鲜少涉足的，而且那是一件好事。
tr	I	This would be on the grandest scale imaginable , but he already did that .
tr	I	Then they could slam the slots closed , protecting them , but soldiers fired their rifles through the slots .
tr	O	她有时间喊出“不”，当他的剑光一闪，并且他将它刺入她的腹部时。
tr	O	奶奶很慈祥，但是她对时尚一窍不通。
tr	O	艾玛的笑声平息了，并且一种截然不同的感觉取而代之。
tr	O	地面灌木丛很多，但是我没有看到逃犯的任何迹象。
tr	I	Romulus had been so oblivious and Viktor could barely believe he .
tr	O	我从未看过，但是可能性是无限的。
tr	O	查德的不是，但是杰里米的却是。
tr	O	她会告诉你那不是个好主意，但是你们俩还是会进去。
tr	I	Jamie felt a gasp escape at the pulsing invasion , and he nudged in a little farther .
tr	I	Now I 'm paying for it , and Complacency is a deadly mindset .
tr	I	He blended into the throngs out for an evening walk by the river , and the taxi dropped him two blocks up the Bund .
tr	I	It caused you to miss out on friendships with special people but getting to know Leif had taught me that judging others wasn 't only wrong .
tr	I	Maggie would bet her next paycheck Matthew Webster would fit into that category , too and the men had all been mediocre .
tr	O	我检查了把手，并且它是开着的。
tr	O	他与我母亲交配了，并且我九个月后出生了。
tr	I	His mind was so frenzied that he couldn 't think straight , but he tried to recall the last time he had them .
tr	I	I feel a pressure unlike anything I 've ever felt , but there isn 't anything physically on my chest .
tr	I	I always insist , but Ben hates having to go to sleep .
tr	O	那些日子早已过去，并且她猛烈地抑制住了冲动——选择直视前方，紧张地等待着她的传唤。
tr	O	显然有她所遗漏的第二场对话正在进行，但是两个男人都没有打算让她加入。
tr	O	我的声音在我耳中听起来很冷，并且我想知道我在他眼中会是什么样子。
tr	O	她曾认为去看治疗师会阻碍他们的关系，但是普鲁反而感到某种程度的解脱。
tr	I	Their military power will be destroyed one by one by our allies and their transport is dead .
tr	I	He stood silent , waiting , and his lips clamped shut .
tr	I	He moved away to take care of the rope at the bow and she was actually disappointed when the engine roared to life with the first pull .
tr	O	我们正从体操训练回家的路上，并且我妈妈告诉我我的队伍那天晚上有训练。
tr	I	I feel a chill and all eyes turn to me .
tr	O	我今天见到了丹尼，并且他们已经处理好了。
tr	O	我的牙齿还在打颤，并且我无法完整地吸一口气。
tr	O	会很拥挤，但是可以完成。
tr	I	I was not and she was asleep .
tr	I	She gave me an encouraging smile , and I found Samantha in the crowd .
tr	I	Occasionally they took him out in the lifeboat with them , and he hung around the lifeguard team when they practiced .
tr	O	更多关于麦迪的照片浮出水面，并且我记起了这些照片为何被藏起来。
tr	O	她的嘴角弯起一丝甜美的微笑，并且她庄重地点了点头。
tr	I	Then she cried out , and he heard Sara say .
tr	I	She could ' t feel the frantic beating of her heart , but her carotid artery throbbed .
tr	O	我在世上的时间正在结束，并且我对任何即将到来的事都感到平静。
tr	I	I stayed behind , saying I 'd catch the next one , and you 've taken Maddie out for her first ice cream cone .
tr	O	我的座位是唯一剩下的了，并且我被安排坐在Alexa旁边。
tr	O	我心中的桥梁一如既往地破损，但是一见到他，一些碎片就拼合了。
tr	O	她打开了灯，并且房间散发出柔和的琥珀色光芒。
tr	O	聚光灯转向了我们，并且Callum抓紧了我的手，我们穿过小屋周围的斑驳草地跑了起来。
tr	O	卡车里没有司机，并且它失控地向我们冲来。
tr	I	She considered leaving before Raoul found out that she hadn 't been patient enough to wait for him , and the man continued to deliberate .
tr	I	No matter how many times it happens , it still hurts , but I should be used to having important people taken away from me by now .
tr	I	She felt thick , warm liquid seep out between her legs and more cramps hit her one after the other .
tr	I	Then he heard a cough in C Cyl , but for an awful moment he thought he was the only survivor .
tr	I	The ashes are cold in the hearth , and it is nearly dark outside .
tr	I	Zoe braced for the rebut she expected , and he cleared his throat .
tr	I	She said she wasn 't sure how she felt . , but she told me you proposed a few days ago .
tr	I	I 'll tell Noah that I 'm madly in love with him , and you get well .
tr	I	They sat very close together , and it was a small one .
tr	I	It was necessary , but it was bold .
tr	O	蕾切尔很惊讶，但是随后她意识到她所在的城镇与她从宾夕法尼亚州来的那个大不相同。
tr	I	He answered anyway but he didn 't recognize the number .
tr	O	这些话语似乎不够充分，但是显然它们已经足够了。
tr	O	一股缓慢的理解之潮开始涌上她的心头，并且她想把它推开。
tr	O	她扫过托马斯，并且她的刀刃一闪，直接刺入狂客的前臂。
tr	O	我上法语课要迟到了，但是现在那根本算不上什么烦恼。
tr	O	桌子翻了，并且霰弹枪的零件散落一地。
tr	I	She lost her grip on his hair with one hand , and the Yankee hit Hannah across the mouth .
tr	I	I knew it , and I was right .
tr	I	Holly slipped inside and the door opened .
tr	O	下周没有人会记得我们的名字，但是每个人都会记住我们的判决。
tr	O	他没有听到她走向他，但是他感觉到她的手搭在他的肩上。
tr	I	The pain seems to dull everything around me except the agony it gives , but I hear my father scream something .
tr	O	爆炸将士兵们震退，并且他们都滚开了。
tr	I	She turned around , smiling at him and while this statement did not relate to her in any way , it lifted Emily 's heart .
tr	O	只过了一会儿，并且裤子就不见了。
tr	O	我的眼睛火辣辣的，并且他们每个人都知道那火意味着什么。
tr	O	索尼娅觉得他并没有铁腕统治，但是他肯定喜欢掌握绝对一切的动向。
tr	O	我看得出来她有点害羞，但是她也努力不表现出来。
tr	O	理查德坐到了一把椅子上，并且迪安·华莱士坐在他旁边。
tr	O	我的借口奏效了，而且我正在去我家附近最喜欢的咖啡店的路上。
tr	I	Madison put on the water , and Sharon accepted with a nod .
tr	I	Even now as she left the dining hall , he felt her eyes on him , and she seemed to know his every move .
tr	O	听着，你的少年犯记录被封存了，并且你将以成年人身份受审。
tr	I	That lonely beach turned into an impromptu shipyard , and Riva put them to work building ships immediately .
tr	I	I watched the shiny flesh tighten over fat as she flexed her knees , and she sat on the bed , still absorbed in her own thoughts .
tr	O	在议会大厦附近的枪击事件后，他有理由感到担忧，但是他的警惕似乎不止于此。
tr	O	我将装有花瓣的杯子献给领主们，并且他们从中饮用。
tr	O	路易莎的拳头又动了，并且费洛斯抓住了她乱挥的双手。
tr	I	It is one small thing you can do to make life easier , but I agree that in the great scheme of things it is not important .
tr	I	His hands were shaking terribly and his heart was jumping in his chest .
tr	I	His many chins wobbled alarmingly , and he laughed .
tr	O	我的手热得发烫，并且我把它们攥成拳头。
tr	I	You probably won 't be the last , and you 're not the first to be infected with it .
tr	O	我在这里被感染了，并且没有治愈方法。
tr	O	我隐约觉得亨利与他改变主意有关，但是我没有问。
tr	O	他冒着巨大的风险告诉他爸爸发生了什么，并且我想要奖励他。
tr	O	她笑了，并且他很高兴她对许多女人会大做文章的事情抱有幽默感。
tr	O	你要是瞎子才会错过这个模式，但是我们大多数人认不出摩羯座的星座。
tr	I	I helped him pick them up and some of them rolled to the floor .
tr	I	They began to think their king might have made a serious mistake , and they did not know of course how Thorin had escaped .
tr	I	You 'd gain nothing , but you can kill me .
tr	O	把你的烦恼告诉我，并且我会帮你分担。
tr	O	他可能很生气，但是他愿意让步。
tr	O	我感觉到他把我的头摆了个角度，并且然后我确实睁开了眼睛。
tr	O	我对她大喊让她回去，但是她没听。
tr	O	他对她眨了眨眼，并且我捏了他一下。
tr	I	There were only blank bricks behind it , but I pulled away the ivy that was crawling up the house .
tr	I	Now he 's made contact with it and he 's been waiting for that ship .
tr	I	Most of them were for ammunition which was stored in a separate warehouse -- but it brought up eighteen hits .
tr	O	她太累了，而且她真的，真的很痛。
tr	I	We were happy for a little bit , and we all used to live together .
tr	O	光线不多，但是足够他看清一个站在门口的女人轮廓了。
tr	O	她的膝盖一软，当他的重量猛撞到她身上时，并且他们摔倒在地。
tr	I	The men approached Sibyl , carrying medical boxes and the other woman was walking into the room leading two men in green jumpsuits .
tr	O	他觉得告诉他们没有意义，而且反正彼得的母亲艾琳才应该是告诉他这些细节的人。
tr	I	I deluded myself that it was a noble cause , and I did it with the best of intentions , to protect someone I loved .
tr	O	他讨厌自己在脑子里使用这种陈词滥调，然而时间在他瞥见她时似乎真的静止了。
tr	I	It was a relief for me , from the tension of the preceding weeks and it helped distract Column from his boat .
tr	I	They would not be able to catch him then , and this would leave him suspended .
tr	I	They always sat him near the dance floor to keep things cool , and the bar 's operators liked it when the sprite showed up .
tr	O	也许火爆脾气与红发相伴，并且亨特把她逼得太紧了。
tr	O	他们在走廊里，并且房间是空的。
tr	I	No , he was lying - but the man made so much sense .
tr	I	He loves me , and I love him .
tr	O	他不知道她那天下午要赶飞机，并且当他听说时，他似乎接受了这是不可避免的。
tr	O	最大的鲨鱼正快速接近，并且泡泡焦急地呜咽着。
tr	O	她的声音中断了，并且她靠向了他。
tr	O	特里没有足够的能量将他们拉入奇点，但是引力方便地将他们聚集在一起。
tr	I	The thickness of the wood cast deep shadows , and the stacks were actually shelves that had been carved out of the lumber logs .
tr	O	无数，他猜测，但是他从未停止过。
tr	I	He had no idea that was so , and Mike was up against something very powerful .
tr	O	我张开嘴想说再见，但是这似乎是个微不足道的词。
tr	O	她又看了一眼自己的影子，而且她的呼吸卡在喉咙里。
tr	O	茉莉声称她喜欢它，但是她甚至都没有打开过它。
tr	O	通常靶子练习能让她平静下来，但是现在没有什么能让她平静了。
tr	O	有一刻她以为那张脸是雅典娜的，但是它太男性化了。
tr	I	Her eyes were on her phone , but Gayle was pretending to pay attention .
tr	I	My lungs won 't expand , but I try to suck in air .
tr	O	他们走到了门口，并且她把芬恩靠在墙上。
tr	O	赘肉从木框上溢出来，但是简并不在意自己的体重超标。
tr	O	拉奎尔不自然地笑了笑，而且那让我放心了。
tr	I	McBride made for a door across on the other wall , and their eyes became accustomed to the dark inside the room .
tr	O	我踢动双腿，将她从我身上踢开，而且她伴随着一声咕哝飞到了床上。
tr	I	The FBI is monitoring the troublemakers , and this financial crisis has everybody worried .
tr	O	他没有救我，并且我也没有试图救他。
tr	I	The pounding rang in her ears and her heart raced .
tr	I	She grinned back , and he couldn 't stop the smile from sneaking over his face .
tr	O	我们安顿下来了，并且我看着达克沃斯夫人切烤肉。
tr	O	我太累了，连站都站不起来了，但是我取得了比我所希望的更多的进展。
tr	O	我从它们身上能辨认出的最多只是鲨鱼的印象，但是那似乎不对劲。
tr	I	Together they began twisting it until the chain became tight and Jack took the free end of the pipe .
tr	I	I guess that Andrew isn 't the only one who is artful in delusion , but I knew it in the back of my mind .
tr	I	Most major cities were in ruins , and arm wrestling had been replaced with the standard mechanisms of war .
tr	I	He stopped at the sight of her but the rest of the men watched as Pond tried to teach Riddick words .
tr	O	那个女人对他皱眉，但是她走向了水龙头。
tr	I	Catrina continued unabated , grunting with a degree of ecstasy with each blow from the knife , but the man was long since dead .
tr	I	Just like expected , Denver exploded into riots , and that is 50,000 troops more than went into D-day .
tr	O	我走向他，并且他向后退，进入走廊。
tr	I	Often I made good decisions while I was doing something completely mundane , and it was a good time to let my mind drift around .
tr	I	The old staircase leads up to the restaurant where you found us , and the passageway is half hidden under rubbish .
tr	I	Those files have been wiped clean , and they store their surveillance videos digitally .
tr	O	那位老罗马人弯下腰，并且他揉乱了博德的头发。
tr	O	诺拉也加入了他们，并且两对夫妇一起看着港口越来越近。
tr	I	It wasn 't her fault , and she had a money problem .
tr	I	I must take this chance to write , but I am sleepy .
tr	O	灯都熄了，并且里面没有任何活动的迹象。
tr	I	You won 't be able to rescue your friends in that cowardly state or man up .
tr	I	I didn 't want to know right now and I had no idea what he was thinking .
tr	I	I wasn 't worried , but Sebastian even vowed to hire his own team of investigators to track down the culprit .
tr	O	收音机被放在地上，并且他们三个人围在它周围。
tr	O	他的声音有点沙哑，并且阿莱霍感到他的肩膀紧绷起来。
tr	O	就好像你以前从未感受过任何东西一样，并且你无法满足。
tr	I	The tape across her mouth kept the words unspoken , but she wanted to curse him .
tr	O	我不知道为什么会那样，但是我想是那样。
tr	O	布兰登和我也不是唯一的受害者。
tr	O	我一直都看到了，但是我想那更多是和梅森有关。
tr	O	她父亲问道，并且她现在知道他是在玩弄那个生物。
tr	I	The other extended at an awkward angle , clearly broken , but one of the bat 's wings folded in .
tr	I	I wonder whether her mother 's words of yesterday still trouble her , but I can 't yet read her mind .
tr	O	在他身边，基拉沉默不语，但是一阵轻微的颤抖穿过她的身体。
tr	I	A belt took care of that but his stuff fit me well enough , a little wide at the waist .
tr	O	他把自己的决定告诉了艾琳，并且他们发生了一场非常公开的争执。
tr	O	他不让她进入，并且这让她感到……孤独。
tr	I	I held my breath and Reinhold was quiet for a moment , contemplating whether he would allow the witness .
tr	I	His eyes fluttered open , and Adam groaned a little .
tr	O	我问道，需要确认，因为我知道她经历了什么，而且我最不想做的就是给她压力。
tr	O	她的名字是劳伦·伊丽莎白，而且她很漂亮。
tr	I	The sound makes my ears ache , and they start screeching .
tr	I	He pressed his lips down against hers and Liz slid her arms around his neck .
tr	I	It wasn 't there , but he scanned for Gar 's body .
tr	O	那些画面在她脑海里，而且简无法摆脱它们。
tr	O	艾默的眼睛动摇了，但是她摇了摇头。
tr	O	即使这意味着他永远不会记得我，而且我们再也不会说话了。
tr	O	我们离切断与全科医生的关系还有四十八小时，并且他们已经出现了。
tr	I	He would destroy their only way out or he told Raymond to put the gun down .
tr	I	They 're worth nothing and I 've seen his results .
tr	O	这张便条迟了，但是这将是一个意想不到的发展，会让警察忙于追查毫无价值的线索。
tr	O	他的脸变得通红，并且他的手紧紧地抓住啤酒瓶，以至于他的指关节发白。
tr	O	这样的情况需要认真思考，并且她只有在平静的时候才能思考。
tr	I	The bearer still had to have the necessary security clearance , and access to the classified material could be gained only by a coded magnetic card .
tr	I	I flushed underneath his gaze , and he slowed down enough to peer at me out of the corner of his eye .
tr	O	我听到前门关上了，并且金现在跟着我进来了。
tr	O	她看到了芭莎，但是她仍然不确定是否应该考虑他。
tr	O	我走向戈弗雷，并且我摸了他的手。
tr	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she was babbling .
tr	O	他笑了，但是那是一种恼怒的笑。
tr	I	She clung to the back of her cage and Sara 's eyes widened .
tr	I	I feel like I 'm about to pass out again and the sudden exertion makes my heart beat faster .
tr	I	She quickly covered it with a laugh , but he felt her start in obvious surprise .
tr	O	他的母亲在宾夕法尼亚州的偏远地区的花园里种植过柠檬香蜂草，并且那气味将他带回了过去。
tr	O	沙恩试图收回他的控制，但是它已经消失了。
tr	I	The old coast guard station was still privately owned , but the island was donated to the government of Maine many years ago .
tr	I	Thankfully , I held back , but I just wanted to let loose .
tr	I	I point to my ceiling and we lead them back to my room .
tr	O	幸福感随他一起消失了，并且我的身体因失去它而疼痛。
tr	I	She moved into his small rented apartment in San Fernando and they were married nearly a year later .
tr	I	Marcus sent me an address , and I texted back that we 'd be there .
tr	O	其他人可能没有认出他，但是我感觉莎拉会认出他。
tr	O	我有很多时间来思考这件事，并且我会没事的。
tr	O	沙子湿漉漉的，并且有一阵凉风。
tr	I	They plunged beneath the surface together , and she followed his example .
tr	O	它闻起来也很香，像蜂蜜一样，但是后来我意识到维克多也是这个味道。
tr	I	I couldn 't wait to do it again and Dillon had kissed me .
tr	O	他的笑容加深了，并且塔尔轻笑了。
tr	O	她没有下跪，并且这种失礼行为引来了一阵集体倒抽冷气。
tr	O	那天晚上，三世丹尔又做了同样的梦，并且他醒来时，想的还是同样的事情。
tr	O	他与所有对的人都有联系，而且各地的企业似乎都在与他交谈。
tr	I	It had nothing to do with Veronica for a change , and falling asleep was difficult after that .
tr	O	蕾妮警告过我，他的力量可以轻易击垮我，并且她担心我没有力量来对抗他。
tr	O	你仍然会是你，而且我仍然会是我。
tr	O	他住在我家几个街区之外，并且他被刺伤了，这个可怜的人。
tr	O	天花板总是从地板开始的，但是这不仅仅是那样。
tr	I	He went flying through the air for a moment , landing hard in a tumble across the moist ground , and Percival 's leg caught on something .
tr	I	The sun was shining in our own special universe and the birds were singing their own song of joy .
tr	I	The ghost still loomed ominously in all their hearts , and they thus had nothing to anticipate with pleasure .
tr	I	She looks away and I meet Abby 's eyes .
tr	O	我不擅长察言观色，但是丽兹似乎没有隐藏她的意图。
tr	O	他想为需要帮助的人做一件事，并且他的手总是被束缚着。
tr	O	我对你的损失感到抱歉，并且为你可能感受到的任何痛苦。
tr	O	我的头在流血，并且我的视线模糊了。
tr	I	We ate our dinner together at the table , and Denny joined me downstairs right as I finished .
tr	I	The play of moonlight over her face told him that her jaw tightened and she sniffed .
tr	O	他有棕色的头发，并且据她从半个房间那么远的地方判断，他的眼睛是黑色的。
tr	I	The semi-automatic was ready for action , and a full clip was inserted .
tr	I	He gave a firm nod , but he looked terrified .
tr	O	我确信我听到了它断裂的声音，并且她摔倒在地，了无生气。
tr	O	没有证据表明这里就是那个地方，然而莫名的，她知道这是真的。
tr	I	Then the panic bubbled , and I paused .
tr	O	艾雯没有认出那个姐妹，但是那张不老的脸却很明显。
tr	O	一切都嘎然而止，并且我看着站在我面前的那个破碎的男人。
tr	O	这是一个冒险的尝试，但是我必须一试。
tr	I	Then she saw the first page of the presentation , and what subject , she wondered .
tr	O	他的高大身躯一阵颤抖，并且我本能地开始在他身上摇摆，快乐将我吞噬。
tr	I	I suspected their new home would be somewhere near her beloved London , and mom brightened .
tr	I	You can reshape it anytime you like , and it 's unbreakable .
tr	I	No one I know is going to read it and it isn 't my name on the blog anyway .
tr	I	She waved , and his face lit up when he saw Sylvie .
tr	I	I carefully maneuver over to it before the Fem reels me in like a fish and a fallen branch catches my attention .
tr	O	我手生了，而且我知道这周我应该多练习的。
tr	O	我的红色丝绸中式睡裤又穿上了，并且我穿上配套的上衣。
tr	I	I pull him into a quick embrace , and Richard gets up .
tr	I	She caught the question held in his eyes , and he blinked as if coming to from a long sleep .
tr	O	她试图抵抗，但是他们太强大了。
tr	I	Admitting that would only make her happy , but I was so afraid of her .
tr	O	我开始问她怎么会知道做这种事，但是我决定我宁愿不知道。
tr	O	他们说捷克语，而且她习得的口音与他天生的口音完美契合。
tr	I	Riordan forced the air through her burning lungs , but Breathing was difficult .
tr	I	Peter was fingered out and Matthew wanted to know .
tr	I	He wore a cape of crimson that hung down behind him , blowing in the breeze as he walked and his armor was all black .
tr	I	She glanced around the otherwise deserted garden , and there was a pause .
tr	I	She gave him a pleading look and her eyebrows crushed together in frustration .
tr	I	The short beard he was sporting tickled my lips and he hadn 't been able to shave since we crashed .
tr	O	我们已经绘制了新的潜在涡旋路径，而且现在是时候使用它们了。
tr	O	他什么也没说，并且我只是跟着。
tr	O	我以为篝火不只是为了再次去搭讪的掩护，但是无论如何，我厌倦了当电灯泡。
tr	O	我看到他的手放在臀部，并且那意味着他在思考，在谋划。
tr	I	These guys were seriously indoctrinated , but we tried to warn them .
tr	O	她是他的，并且她还不知道。
tr	O	希瑟厌倦了我的鬼话，并且我可能已经用尽了所有的第二次机会。
tr	I	Maybe he messed with her psychologically , but no , Jeff didn 't think Liam was the type to get physical with her .
tr	I	Otherwise the atrium was dark , but exit lights above the doors glowed .
tr	O	艾玛的笑容黯淡了，但是她看起来仍然乐不可支。
tr	I	It would have attracted a lot of attention , but if she could have , she would have moved to the end of the queue .
tr	O	通往女王寝宫的华丽大门向内打开，并且米兰达走了出来，身着一件镶有淡金色花朵的深橙色长袍，显得雍容华贵。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I liked it very much and it was unsettling .
tr	O	他把车停好，并且所有人都下了车。
tr	O	潮湿并没有伤害到他们，但是他不能允许自己打开他的弹药箱。
tr	O	我从没想过那条裙子搭配闪亮的藏青色鞋子会更出彩，但是我不是造型师。
tr	I	The second blast knocked the wind out of him , and it hit the roof of the sheikh 's house .
tr	O	是赖兰，但是这远在我真正加入抵抗组织之前。
tr	O	她的目光转向我，并且我知道她在想什么。
tr	I	He 'd bail on the Garvey job or he couldn 't push Dexter too far .
tr	O	我知道她在开玩笑，但是我没心情欣赏。
tr	I	I climb in the back seat and coop rides shotgun .
tr	I	She 'd asked him to stop , but he had started to call her during the week .
tr	O	然后总统开始笑了，并且然后将军也加入了。
tr	O	我了解这些山，并且他们不了解。
tr	I	Her stomach was in knots , but she knew she should eat something .
tr	I	He sketches his fingertips along my stomach and I hope he doesn 't notice the anxious tremble of my body as his fingers slip underneath my shirt .
tr	I	His prophet is Mohammed and Allah is their god .
tr	I	Jones was treated to a lecture on the technical nature of Kieron 's affliction by his mother and they marched along to Olivia 's office .
tr	I	Now they 've been badly rattled and the people here expect miracles from our Benes .
tr	O	他依然愤怒地努力恢复人形，并且当他做到时，他的声音冰冷。
tr	O	我不知道目标可能是谁，但是 我不会冒任何风险。
tr	O	她骑得如此之快，以至于里夫一度担心她会踩到他们，但是 那匹马突然停了下来。
tr	I	They failed to react fast enough and they were completely caught off guard by her presence .
tr	I	We walked to their waiting limousine and I pulled a few instruments together .
tr	I	My legs are leaden once again , but I consider bolting out of sight .
tr	I	Her stomach gave a queasy twist and her head started to throb .
tr	I	The fear that had been a constant companion all day rolled off her shoulders , and she lunged into their welcoming warmth .
tr	I	The cries of Max 's enemies finally crossed the courtyard and the flames from the lanterns began to quickly strobe in the dusk sky .
tr	I	The tension was broken , and the crowd laughed .
tr	I	It looked as though it wasn 't meant to be , but I imagined those hands could be of real use to us in the near future .
tr	O	也许他可以原谅，但是 他永远不会忘记。
tr	O	是时候他和吉诺把他们之间的事情弄清楚了。
tr	O	她也很生气，但是 我看到了它背后的恐惧。
tr	O	她不确定她是怎么知道的，但是 这点她知道。
tr	I	She wasn 't sure what it was , but she was sure Reid was saying something .
tr	I	It had little to do with its given name , and the ship we took over was called HMS Fortitude .
tr	I	She sighted with pain and Julian touched her carefully .
tr	O	宙斯扬起了眉毛，并且 他把头往后仰。
tr	O	麦克斯听到门开了和木制楼梯上传来的脚步声。
tr	I	Then he drank some more , and he drank until Hewitt 's heartbeat fluttered faintly .
tr	O	我不知道这一切从何而来，但是我知道我必须说什么。
tr	I	I 'd like it if we could be friends , but I can 't deal with all that right now .
tr	I	His face seemed honest and his voice was direct .
tr	I	The stitches were gone , and his bruises had faded .
tr	O	雅克的一边眉毛挑了起来，嘴角也跟着上扬了，并且他开始朝我走来。
tr	O	华盛顿的政治机器比FSMA险恶得多，但是那项法案可能会粉碎你的梦想。
tr	O	她能感觉到血顺着脸颊流下来，并且她发现自己再也睁不开右眼了。
tr	O	当我的胃里越来越紧张的时候，我试图挣脱我的手，但是罗斯收紧了他的抓握。
tr	I	You 're being super awesome , and my parents will be there .
tr	I	Thinking of her helped settle my nerves and it reminded me of Nan .
tr	O	我母亲的声音充满了担忧，并且那些折磨她内心的问题通过电话向我倾泻而出。
tr	O	过去六个月她一直认为她的主意很棒，但是现在她担心别人会认为那是一个不负责任的恶作剧。
tr	O	它已经摇摇欲坠了，但是还在坚持着。
tr	I	He reached one hand to the counter to support his weight just as his orgasm hit , and his legs trembled .
tr	O	我问了，目光在吸血鬼们之间扫视，但是没有人回应。
tr	I	There was no way I would let Doug go , and there was no way he would let Brandon go .
tr	I	He flexed his fingers , and his smile became vicious .
tr	I	You 'll get my brother , and I 'll get your friends .
tr	I	If there were more to come , I was afraid where things would lead , but I thought the things I could do were cool .
tr	O	这两个选择都很荒谬，并且我不想选择其中任何一个。
tr	I	Covert taunting continued , but the men piped down .
tr	I	Like his house , it had no windows , but I 'd never been inside this building before .
tr	I	Della was my life , but she was my mom .
tr	O	星星照亮了夜空，并且月光洒在田野上，让它们几乎发光。
tr	O	每当丹尼碰我而我在想凯兰的时候，我总是感到非常内疚，而且最近，我通常都在想凯兰。
tr	I	He hadn 't seen a single enemy being destroyed and their ships disappeared one by one from the screens .
tr	O	她坚持不懈，并且我隐约觉得她是在和我开玩笑。
tr	O	灵气充满了她身体的每一个部分，并且我必须付出极大的努力才能看到它。
tr	I	She started for her store and her body trembled with excitement .
tr	I	There was no guarantee the Phoenix could survive another blow , and the Dark Lord was about to strike again .
tr	I	I didn 't remember putting myself under the covers , but I vaguely remembered Logan asking me about my keys .
tr	I	The door swung open , and he pressed the lock release under his desk .
tr	I	Had grudgingly agreed to support their only son , but his own parents weren 't too happy either .
tr	I	As his temper flared , he was beginning to understand exactly why he didn 't invite women over , and it was a huge jump for him .
tr	O	她的肩膀绷紧了，并且萨宾环顾了一下电车车厢的内部。
tr	O	达妮卡喜欢自己处于最佳状态的时候，并且将注意力转移到拉斯蒂身上让她得以回到正轨。
tr	O	法律不关心我是否购买色情制品，但是他们对乱扔垃圾非常严厉。
tr	O	很多话已经说出，并且很多话仍未说出口。
tr	I	It will be the same way and I can take your hand .
tr	O	我相信布莱尔能用那把枪，但是我不想靠近她的目标。
tr	I	She smiled , and he looked at her puzzled .
tr	I	Jezebel 's susceptibility would raise further alarm , and they probably didn 't trust him now .
tr	O	他疯狂地环顾四周，但是他们未能出现。
tr	I	The coast wasn 't there , yet it was as if she were walking along a coast .
tr	O	他的父母不在家，并且几乎所有人都知道。
tr	O	他们把上半部分染成了黑色，并且然后下面有红色的闪光。
tr	I	She made it to the gate just as they were boarding , and luckily the line to check her bags was short .
tr	O	威廉无法撰写方法论，但是他可以设定莎拉必须在其中运作的限制。
tr	O	杰斯没有再看她，但是亚历克斯知道她看到了什么。
tr	O	我曾让他惹恼我，并且现在他已经开始占据我的全部思绪。
tr	I	Then again , he had lost a great deal of blood , but Daniel couldn 't see how they were going to do that .
tr	I	A second later , my shorts slid to the floor and he dropped onto his knees .
tr	I	It created the father daughter bond , but it was not necessary though because her mother will still give them to her .
tr	I	Flung herself into it and she stomped back to her chair .
tr	I	I catch the flicker of amusement in his eyes as he leans down to retrieve the picture book by his feet , but he glares at me .
tr	I	I couldn 't face that right now , but she was right .
tr	I	He was no fool , but he might have been quite , quite insane .
tr	O	他意味深长地看了她一眼，并且罗丝完全困惑了。
tr	O	玛丽昂，她的婆婆，帮忙了，但是却不一样了。
tr	O	他目瞪口呆地看着她，并且她忍不住笑了。
tr	I	Her pencil sits between her fingers unmoving , but I look down , thinking perhaps she is taking real notes .
tr	O	他的双手伸向了我的一只手，并且他松松地握着我的手。
tr	O	那个做法很久以前就停止了，但是我相信我看到了它的残余。
tr	I	I smoothed his hair back , and after a few minutes he raised up on one elbow .
tr	I	Two pistols hung low at his side , and his Western boots were buffed to a shine .
tr	O	艾玛不知道她父亲从坟墓里能对她做什么，但是她为他即将施加的痛苦做好了准备。
tr	O	国会要求我们检查你的全部运作，并且我有三个排的美国陆军在一架C-17运输机上，比我们晚几分钟。
tr	O	外面还是很冷，但是我被他拉入怀中时感到很温暖。
tr	O	我走到电梯旁，就在电梯门打开的时候，并且她带着灿烂的笑容走了出来。
tr	I	His scar almost gleamed in the harsh overhead light , and his hair was hanging in tangles around his shoulders .
tr	I	The beast remained but black blood seeped from the wounded eye .
tr	O	那些话语犹如抛出的挑战，但是那个大吸血鬼凶猛的表情随即放松了一丝。
tr	I	I didn 't want to fall asleep on the job and I looked away because his relaxation was contagious .
tr	O	我的脚踢中了他，并且他只是笑了。
tr	O	我张开嘴准备回答，但是克朗几乎没留下喘息的空间。
tr	I	Her heart leaped into her throat , and voices came from behind the walls .
tr	I	His eyes were clear and he had good color .
tr	I	She backed away , and he stepped closer .
tr	O	他来这里并非预期如此，但是他也想不出有什么比和她待在这里更让他渴望的了。
tr	O	我抬起脸，并且他的手落到了他的大腿上。
tr	O	这将需要很长时间，并且你将会享受其中的每一个该死的时刻。
tr	I	Something went wrong , but look , he 's good at what he does .
tr	O	她的下巴脱臼了，并且她的眼睛睁得很大。
tr	O	他的双腿变得无力，并且他摔倒了。
tr	O	托马斯，我们也知道这让你有多么艰难，并且我对此感到抱歉。
tr	O	科勒姆只剩一周时间了，而且他就能回家了。
tr	I	I jump , and the bell rings .
tr	O	我感觉不到它们，但是它们却在我身下不断地支撑不住。
tr	O	我抹去了她的记忆，并且她想把它们找回来。
tr	O	左轮手枪威力更大，而且她不想仅仅为了面子而做蠢事。
tr	I	A headband was pushing his shaggy locks away from his face and his hair lay on his shoulders in two big tangled clumps .
tr	I	Gretchen vowed to do whatever she could to help Daisy , and her possession of Caroline 's car had established a connection .
tr	I	Lumpy scar tissue covered the old wounds and several chunks of skin had been ripped away .
tr	O	天空中的光线正在消逝，并且她想起了那个警告。
tr	I	They made it look so easy , but I was dressed that way too .
tr	I	He pushed me playfully and I rose an eyebrow .
tr	O	瓦恩站了起来，但是 方后退了。
tr	O	她盯着我，并且那是一个饥饿的眼神。
tr	I	He couldn 't get out through the door , and he didn 't have time to escape through the window .
tr	I	I send them both text messages promising I 'm on my way home and a reluctant smile pulls at my lips .
tr	O	男孩仰起头，并且他发出了爽朗的笑声。
tr	O	她虽然很冷，并且剧烈地颤抖着。
tr	I	Again he swept the silk away and more icy drops pierced his side .
tr	I	She drove her tongue inside and reyes parted his lips .
tr	O	男人伸手去拿书，但是 凯恰迅速地把它抢了回去。
tr	O	齐亚大喊，并且我终于跑过去帮她把它关上。
tr	O	她踢着墙想阻止他，但是 他只是将她的双腿强行夹在臂下。
tr	I	When I blinked , James was gone , but my ears had barely registered the sound .
tr	O	他研究了杰克的防御姿态，张的蔑视地昂着头，以及多米尼克女朋友脸颊上流下的泪水。
tr	I	I didn 't look back , but I could hear Leviathan screaming .
tr	I	Everyone I didn 't , thank you so much and to everyone I mentioned .
tr	I	I could see blood dripping from his face to the floor and his head hung down .
tr	I	They slipped inside without a sound and it did not creak as she pulled it toward her .
tr	I	It moves , but I half expect it to stay still when he presses the gas pedal .
tr	O	你喜欢这首歌，或者你不喜欢。
tr	O	阿丽莎点了意大利面，而且卡桑德拉点了一个汉堡。
tr	I	We matched it effortlessly , and the tempo picked up .
tr	O	你知道我是对的，而且我意识到你一定疲惫不堪了。
tr	I	Hemp was already investigating his rows , and I could hear her sliding some drawers open .
tr	I	There was no pause in his soft snores and he didn 't shift .
tr	I	She spent at least ten minutes reassuring her , and her mom called her every night now .
tr	I	I have a reputation to protect , and I deal with some very high-end clients .
tr	O	我没有坐在船头，而且我也不想。
tr	I	Her mouth fell open and her eyes went wide .
tr	I	Camille realized she 'd frowned at him and a shadow darkened the valet 's face .
tr	I	Her word was law , and I was a secretary .
tr	O	我本可以说出地点，但是我当时不确定。
tr	O	我甚至终于和莉莉安进行了那次谈话，以向她保证我们只是以朋友身份去，而且那并不意味着什么。
tr	I	He thought that he would easily be able to fight a teenager off , and he was a big man , see .
tr	O	我只认识她一周，但是已经足够了。
tr	I	By the tingling in her fingertips , she knew something else was there , but it felt perfectly smooth .
tr	O	读数显示他仍然活着，但是是它们，正在吞噬他的思想，吞噬他的知识。
tr	I	He knew she was thinking about it , but Bethany hadn 't brought it up again .
tr	O	维恩点了点头，向他告别，并且他沿着石阶井退了下去。
tr	O	我的心一紧，但是我忽略了它。
tr	I	It might give me enough time , but it would wear off eventually .
tr	I	Those who have unfortunate deaths will become red roses , and those who die in peace will become white roses .
tr	I	Devlin said they would make it from there and they got within fifty metres of the shore .
tr	I	I 've just got this strange feeling , and he 's human , not jaguar .
tr	I	I can tell I surprised him with the question and his face goes stiff for just a second .
tr	O	她现在似乎好转了，并且昨晚我终于有机会跟着他了。
tr	I	She honestly looks happy and she smiles at me .
tr	I	He heard the horrified screams behind Keeley , but for a moment he didn 't know what had occurred .
tr	I	Still she let some knight completely confuse her and the leader of one of the toughest rebellions in known history .
tr	O	他的手指掐住了杰克逊的脖子，并且巴黎把他反复地猛摔在墙上。
tr	O	我查看，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	It was Lucien 's turn to go tense and his voice was snide .
tr	O	琪拉靠得更近了，并且她的声音低了下来。
tr	O	我的两个姐妹都高昂着头看着他们，而且她们看起来完全就是这个世界所需要的女王。
tr	I	Her head bobbed to the side , and her eyes fluttered as she drifted .
tr	O	这说不通，但是亚历克斯认得那个眼神。
tr	O	白天的景色相当壮观，但是他的夜视能力也几乎一样好。
tr	O	我明白他说了什么，但是我难以置信。
tr	O	晚餐很棒，并且爸爸很快就放下了关于阿瑟的不舒服的谈话。
tr	O	她想知道自己是不是姿势奇怪地躺在了上面，或者这可能是差点溺水的副作用。
tr	I	Then the thing was gone , and a giant tail slashed past his legs with a whoosh .
tr	I	They were overjoyed and nothing this exciting had ever happened to them before .
tr	I	I carefully looked around and Josh was standing in front of me , bent over from laughing so hard .
tr	O	他本该把它拔出来，但是他待在原地不动。
tr	O	书柜靠墙排列，但是大多数架子都是空的。
tr	O	当时是春天，然而，并且那总是旅行的好季节。
tr	O	当节目结束时，德文动了动身子去拿遥控器，但是布伦南先动了。
tr	I	There had been no comments from Rishi until then , and it was the third day of the show .
tr	I	No words come out but I open my mouth to speak .
tr	I	Peter was on alert , and their faces were grim .
tr	I	Father Hummer fastened them with a band , but the frames were too large for her face .
tr	O	我的心其实会因此而颤动，但是我努力保持严肃的表情。
tr	O	奎因给我摘花，并且我拿着它们。
tr	O	我带着武器，而他没有。
tr	O	他们以一种让男人承担大部分体力劳动的方式组织了我们的社会，并且女人则接受了统治方面的教育。
tr	O	这会非常值得，而且斯隆也绝不会让我穿两次同一件衣服。
tr	I	People quickly got back to whatever it was that they were doing , but I got a few stares .
tr	I	He was starting this morning by paying closer attention to the boring routines and he pledged to do a better job in all aspects of his life .
tr	I	She rushed forward and Fila 's heart pounded in thankfulness .
tr	O	这些生物是独居怪物，但是其他的却总是在附近。
tr	O	我知道她不太喜欢棒球，但是她也会不得不印象深刻，因为所有人都认识他。
tr	O	他的眼睛里闪烁着光芒，并且他的整张脸似乎都亮了起来。
tr	I	His daughter is understandably upset , and client of ours died suddenly .
tr	I	She 'd not see any earnings from it but he told her he 'd accepted the job .
tr	I	By the 1820 's it was well within the sites of the settlers pressing westward , and this territory included Texas .
tr	I	His bloodshot eyes bulged and Saliva flecked his cracked lips .
tr	O	爸爸说，并且我能听到他声音里的笑声。
tr	I	The memories would grow less sharp , but it would never be forgotten .
tr	O	她举起手臂，并且他将衬衫剩余部分完全拉过她的头顶。
tr	O	无论如何他都会在爱丽身边，并且她似乎终于开始接受这一点了。
tr	I	She pounced on it , claws out , and he moved his foot slightly .
tr	I	His smirk turn instantly into a frown and I watched his eyes flinch with jealousy .
tr	O	另一端被磨尖了，但是准确来说它不是一把刀。
tr	I	The conversation ended , and at that moment the form of Wither , slowly sauntering in their direction , became apparent to both .
tr	I	Marley had injured his leg in the fall and the pit was three tall men deep .
tr	O	克里斯把沙发翻了过来，并且两个男人都坐在了上面。
tr	I	What was that cost compared to a loss of production , but sure , a child may lose a hand here , a foot there ?
tr	O	他背弃了他称之为朋友的人，并且他跑离了战场。
tr	O	我抬头看，并且宙斯的王座是空的。
tr	O	普雷斯科特足够富有，几乎不费吹灰之力就能勾销这笔债务，但是这笔债务的数额似乎绝非寻常。
tr	I	We didn 't have any food with us anyway , and they were far enough away not to pose a threat .
tr	I	He accepted it , and after one semester he was offered a permanent position .
tr	I	She lay back on the bed , her hands in his hair , and the stubble on his chin felt erotic against her skin .
tr	O	天很冷，并且太阳正向地平线沉落。
tr	I	It was there , at least for a brief moment , but her smile was small .
tr	I	I was too tired to move , but I wanted to curl up on the big overstuffed sofa in the living room .
tr	I	The words came out slowly , and he was panting heavily .
tr	O	她的长袍前襟擦过他的胸膛，并且他放低了声音。
tr	O	你知道我能看到，并且你知道他正在说实话。
tr	O	她和男孩们说话的时候，他肯定已经下楼了，并且她根本没听到门吱呀作响。
tr	O	我不认为我们周围的任何人能看到，但是他几乎把我的胳膊拉到了他的喉咙里。
tr	I	For some reason I still nodded , but I didn 't know if I was ready .
tr	O	地下室的光线非常微弱，但是它在上方刺眼的光线之后，反而让他的眼睛感到舒服。
tr	I	Her father had stayed here for far longer than normal , but it was a theory that her family often stuck to also .
tr	I	She could not , but she wanted to hate him .
tr	O	弗拉维奥知道，并且他现在就在那里，是唯一来的委员会成员。
tr	O	我们上了他的野马车，并且他把我的包放在了后面。
tr	O	荒野中没有隐私，并且也不能有任何谦逊。
tr	I	He didn 't elaborate , but I waited .
tr	O	今天是我们下地狱的日子，并且我无论如何都要找到那些灵魂。
tr	I	Like clockwork my eyes pop open at six Saturday morning , but Chapter 8 The store doesn 't open until nine .
tr	I	Shorty popped out , and Tony said again .
tr	O	这顿饭很美味，并且谈话也很愉快，直到首席大人要求塔维分享他过去几天所发生事情的故事。
tr	O	回望的女孩很美丽，但是她的眼中有一种悲伤的智慧，这是过去的埃琳娜·吉尔伯特从未有过的。
tr	O	他深邃地凝视着我的眼睛，并且我感到我们之间的羁绊收紧了。
tr	I	Now it 's my turn to squeeze , and his grip on my hand loosens .
tr	I	I couldn 't open them again , and I closed my eyes .
tr	O	他试图站起来大声喊叫，让所有人都过来找他，但是他无法移动。
tr	O	贾里德立刻向下看我的肚子，并且接着他的目光与我的相遇。
tr	O	查理耐心地等待着故事的其余部分，但是它却没有到来。
tr	O	他那天碰巧在潜水，并且他看到了Moko。
tr	O	然而，只是先告诉我们你的经历，并且然后我们就可以推进事情了。
tr	I	The asphalt was baking , sending up waves and the early morning cloud cover was burning away .
tr	I	The relief in his face let me know just how much he 'd feared my refusal , and he smiled , moving against me .
tr	I	Heading to his room and with that he was off the couch again .
tr	O	这是一件非常普通的事情，但是Tessa却仍然哑口无言。
tr	O	她张开双臂，并且我走向她。
tr	O	它的含义令人恐惧，并且他们对此无能为力。
tr	I	He could still feel anger coursing through him , but he was in control again .
tr	I	She knew that he 'd take care of her , and all she had to do was let go .
tr	O	我交谈过的人都不知道任何名字，但是我不认为他们人数众多。
tr	I	I stopped her , but she started to slam the door with her free hand .
tr	O	Hannah询问她的同伴，并且他们点头回应。
tr	I	His voice rose in outrage and my shoulder slammed against someone 's camera .
tr	O	人群在疯狂好战的激情中践踏着，并且我因Inno而感到恐惧。
tr	O	我可能喜欢跑步，但是我讨厌爬楼梯。
tr	O	阿博特叹了口气，并且我听到他靠回到座位上。
tr	O	我同意这样做，并且我必须继续拍摄。
tr	O	永恒之结意味着两颗心永远相连，并且那就是最终能解放变形者的方法。
tr	O	阿莱霍吸了口气，并且那呼吸又急又促。
tr	I	I 'm willing to bet my farm that 's exactly what 's going on and I was reading a book about photosynthesis .
tr	O	皮娅的眼睛睁大了，并且她哑然地怒视着。
tr	O	我爱着香农，并且她也爱着我。
tr	I	Your right arm must 've gotten tangled up in your lap belt somehow and you were thrown from the car .
tr	O	我将手放在他的脸颊上，并且他的胡茬在我的掌心上很粗糙。
tr	O	疯狗笑了，但是却是勉强的。
tr	I	I resolved not to look at it again , and I knew he was trying to frighten me .
tr	O	他想知道伯克的名字，这表明他熟悉莱恩的船员，或者他正在校准测谎仪。
tr	O	我仍然紧抓着斗篷，但是我感到双手不自觉地松开了。
tr	O	一个先是让她燃起希望，然后又残忍地将其粉碎的诡计，但是她毫不在乎。
tr	I	I appreciated that at least I wasn 't alone in my grief and they were mourning right along with me .
tr	I	She would be warring with herself all day or she needed to do something to clear her mind .
tr	O	戴伊顺着拳头卸力，但是还是把他的头猛地向后甩去。
tr	O	这是一个不错的街区，真的很好，但是她却完全不知道自己在哪里。
tr	O	他慢慢地转过身，但是他的脸却变了样子。
tr	O	冬天不知怎地已经逝去，随着雪一同融化了，并且现在一缕微弱的阳光透过窗户洒进来。
tr	I	Carefully backed down the stairs and silently , he reset the first deadbolt .
tr	O	这可能都是我的幻想，并且我不想诽谤。
tr	O	她大步穿过房间，走向克拉伦斯，并且我注意到她魅力的一半仅仅在于她掌控周围环境的方式。
tr	O	他靠近了她，并且她能看到他深蓝色眼睛里的愤怒。
tr	I	The whole scene was very inviting and it was cleaner than the marshland he 'd left behind .
tr	O	他那个项目得了第二名，出乎他的意料，但是他仍然觉得这个主意很愚蠢。
tr	O	她不应该能从她站的地方看到他的眼睛，尤其是不可能这么清楚，但是她看到了。
tr	I	I pressed the button and my stomach did a flip .
tr	O	她想知道如果她那天晚上去上班，并且他告诉她她被解雇了，她会怎么做。
tr	I	You 'll be figuring out how to accomplish them and I 'll be giving you the tasks .
tr	O	她知道这一点，并且我知道这一点。
tr	O	她的嘴唇感觉很干，并且她的手湿润。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁开了，并且他动了动。
tr	I	I whipped out my phone , hands trembling , and Major Timothy Grant A whimper escaped my lips .
tr	O	他虚弱，受伤，并且他们团结一心。
tr	O	一个孩子坐在马后的小雪橇里，并且一个父亲站在一个骑着咆哮狮子的年轻男孩旁边。
tr	I	She got to her feet and he stretched out his hand .
tr	O	他奋力抵抗，但是重力将他们拉回燃烧的海洋。
tr	I	There was a vulnerability that hadn 't been there before , but not that I could read any of Seth 's thoughts .
tr	O	她的声音升高了，并且几张焦急的脸转向了她。
tr	I	The food here is terrible and I don 't know .
tr	O	还有其他人觊觎我们的土地，并且我们太弱小无法守住它。
tr	O	他笑了，并且我们再次做爱。
tr	O	它已停止运作，并且在推进剂安全排空之前我们什么也做不了。
tr	O	我知道我们第一次做爱的那个晚上，但是我非常害怕抱有希望。
tr	O	我听到身后有脚步声，但是我没有转身。
tr	O	首先，阻止她的行动，并且你就可以对她使用它。
tr	I	She pressed in a code and we stopped at the elevator .
tr	I	It still shone , but the pickup gleamed in green instead of gold .
tr	O	她让这些锁链束缚她，并且她对此毫不在乎。
tr	O	这就是命中注定的，并且这也是我们来这里的原因。
tr	I	I feel good about one thing , too , but I feel a little shattered .
tr	O	她迎上莉莉的目光，并且所有的调情都消失了。
tr	O	这似乎是一个内部笑话，并且我是一个局外人。
tr	O	他们尽力不让我进入，但是我看到了我需要看到的东西。
tr	O	平民们眼中带着仇恨瞪着他，但是他们保持沉默。
tr	O	阿基瓦等着她说她准备好躲开风了，但是她没有。
tr	I	When I step out , Blaze is the one guarding the door , and Lennox has several guards posted around the pavilion .
tr	O	我也有把剑，但是它绑在我的马鞍上，就在挂在那里的弩旁边。
tr	I	With a steely tone in his voice , he continued and the soldier did not laugh .
tr	O	她的嘴唇分开了，并且他的心跳了起来。
tr	O	我想说，帮我忘了洛根，但是我不敢肯定我能把那些话从声带中说出来。
tr	I	Things are fine , but my dad 's been riding me pretty hard .
tr	O	瑞利，就在他们旁边，看起来很生气，但是在蔡斯再次开口之前，瑞利消失在人群中。
tr	I	She did and she could leave now .
tr	O	那个大胡子男人举起了鞭柄，并且麦基看到了那东西冲向他的头。
tr	O	他知道他最近的行为会让他惹上麻烦，并且他毫不在乎。
tr	O	起初我以为是因为我告诉尼古拉斯他弄疼了我的肩膀，但是他似乎在生一个更重要的事情的气。
tr	O	我打开了我的储物柜，并且令我惊恐的是，里面什么都没有。
tr	I	She has a great bod , and she 's gorgeous .
tr	I	She thought it unlikely , but her father was still hopeful that Stefan would one day return to the Fortress .
tr	I	I didn 't know how to tell him that , but Mitch had accepted him as part of the family .
tr	I	I 'm not sure why , but I feel guilty .
tr	I	They went anyway , but they were scared out of their minds .
tr	I	There are no words , but I open my mouth to speak .
tr	O	他不想侮辱她所以他保持了沉默，但是事实依然存在。
tr	I	As I do , as I yank backward , my foot slips free of my tenuous foothold , but I wrench my arm out of his grip .
tr	I	She latches onto me , but I go to pass Adria back to him .
tr	O	门开着一条缝，但是我无法看清里面。
tr	O	破碎的陶器在他们的优先事项列表中并不靠前，并且虽然特德有他的怀疑，但那也仅此而已。
tr	O	蔡斯不在家，但是他至少可以成为我生命风暴中的一个避风港。
tr	O	这些人要么是世界上最友好的人，或者他们已经太久没有见到访客了。
tr	O	时间紧迫，并且我时间不多，所以记住这点：战争即将来临。
tr	I	I appreciated that more than he 'd ever know , and Shayne wanted me around .
tr	I	He had always offered her a nonplussed look , but on several occasions she had pointed out to him that his leather jacket was hardly fantastic .
tr	O	卡梅伦喀喀作响地从后门进来，那是他从马厩回来时使用的入口，并且所有人都安静了下来。
tr	O	他再次注意到，她带着（微弱的）抗议说出了这句话，但是她根本不是那个意思。
tr	I	We saw a large pile of yard clippings and Joye was passing the flashlight over the ground .
tr	O	老妇人眼中充满了同情，并且哈丽特发现自己突然忍住了泪水。
tr	I	They know what he 's after , and he 's asked too many questions .
tr	I	He pulled me tight and I frowned at him .
tr	O	他们画线是因为土地在与他们对话，并且随着两部分融为一体，计划也随之形成。
tr	I	I doubt there 're any clues there , but I 'll look through Frieda 's stuff .
tr	O	此时天色已完全暗下来，并且他应该已经醒了。
tr	I	The pneumatic doors opened with a sharp hiss and he beat at the panels on the accesses .
tr	O	下来的太多了，并且我挡不住他们。
tr	O	加里看起来很紧张，并且他的表情很警惕。
tr	I	She 'd always treated Kateri like another daughter , but Starla might only be related by marriage .
tr	O	他的手再次在她大腿间移动，并且这次她知道自己想要更多。
tr	I	She almost fell down on the sidewalk and she was somewhere in the city .
tr	O	一个路过的女孩投给她一个好笑而嫉妒的眼神，并且克莱丽匆忙地退了回去。
tr	I	He was getting sleepy , but he was enjoying the morning air .
tr	I	He didn 't stop , but someone kneed him in the stomach , knocking the breath from his lungs .
tr	O	似乎总少了些什么，并且现在它完整了。
tr	I	Smell of sulfur filled her nostrils , and the floor began to heat up .
tr	O	汽车猛地刹住，将我的身体猛撞在金属侧面，并且我能感觉到伤口处更多的皮肤被撕裂了。
tr	I	She knew what he saw , and his gaze drank her in .
tr	I	My father absolutely hates having things hanging over his head , and there were some things he wanted to do .
tr	O	他向她招手，并且她也向他招手。
tr	O	他不想让她知道他有多慌乱，但是他失衡的事实可能已经写在了脸上。
tr	I	I smoothed my hand over the top of her head , and quietly I laughed at the simplicity that was unbearably complex .
tr	I	His feet were ice blocks , and he couldn 't feel his fingertips .
tr	I	She moaned against his mouth , and one of his hands fell away .
tr	O	我喜欢和成员们聊天，并且那总是感觉像在玩，从不像工作。
tr	I	The zombie bit him full in the face as they dropped to the ground , and the man 's arms pin wheeled as he fell back .
tr	I	He nods his head , as if to say okay , and I motion for him to come over .
tr	I	She landed in a heap , laughing , even as Vel continued to pray , and the force of the engines pushed her down into her chair .
tr	O	她开始关门，但是麦克斯动身跟着她进去。
tr	O	终于在第三周结束时，艾米丽康复到足以回家，并且在短时间内他们的生活恢复了正常。
tr	O	他的手现在正握着那团皱巴巴的餐巾纸，但是他的手仍然伸展着沿着我的下巴线。
tr	O	我这样做了大概五十次，并且仍然有太多的不确定性。
tr	O	那实体将头稍微侧向一边，并且就在他这样做的时候，一个短暂的画面闪现在我的脑海中。
tr	O	我为了救你而撒了谎，而且这没有奏效。
tr	I	I wrapped my arms around his waist , and tilting my chin up , he kissed me gently .
tr	O	她的嘴唇只在他的唇上停留了片刻，并且她凑到他耳边。
tr	I	Mike hadn 't found out until that morning , and Mike 's parents had to run to Rochester for the weekend for some family thing .
tr	O	莱文滑过走向更衣室，并且他在看到他们时停了下来。
tr	I	The body was undoubtedly that of a short black female , thick in the legs , plump through the torso , but the face was unrecognizable .
tr	O	他没有隐私，并且有明显的迹象。
tr	O	他理解这种诱惑，但是屈服于它是一个错误。
tr	I	You will only be in the way , and I am not inexperienced in these matters .
tr	O	另一记重击打在他的胃部，并且他猛烈地呼气，鲜血从他口中喷出。
tr	I	At the end she was nearly screaming , and her voice had risen as she spoke .
tr	I	I grabbed a heavy candleholder in my left hand as I heard steel clash with steel at the front of the cham and my arm shot out .
tr	I	I don 't like the idea of being in dark alleys with her , but I should slow .
tr	I	They hadn 't answered , but he 'd called Otto 's pilots .
tr	I	He liked her close , but she was almost too big now , with his back aching the way it was .
tr	I	It didn 't work and I tried that already .
tr	O	也许他会调戏某个吸血鬼，或者也许他会冒犯酒保周。
tr	I	She was actually more interested in the architecture , but naturally , he had assumed she wanted to know all the shopping destinations .
tr	O	时间过得很快，但是晨星号没有任何迹象。
tr	O	他活了很长的一生，并且他享受了几乎所有这一切。
tr	O	她跑出办公室，并且他们可以听到她正在告诉梅维斯关于芭比娃娃的事情。
tr	O	一张铺着华丽丝绸床单的特大号巨床出现了，并且她感激地爬了上去。
tr	O	我知道我将要面对什么，并且无论发生什么，我都会遵守我的诺言。
tr	I	It 's black silk and it 's from France .
tr	O	他兄弟眼中的光芒让他意识到自己做了什么，并且史蒂文强迫自己放松下来。
tr	O	一声抽泣挣脱而出，并且迈拉紧握住她的手。
tr	I	My mother was a nurse at Hollywood Health Hospital , and my father worked as a fire fighter for the Los Angeles Fire Department .
tr	O	迪伦后退了一步，并且把他的一个朋友弯了过去。
tr	O	他试图忍住，但是他太绝望地想要她了。
tr	I	If he died , he died and she used all of her might .
tr	I	Now he felt as if she didn 't need him anymore , but all he 'd wanted was for her to stand strong on her own .
tr	I	She turns her back on us and Seth makes a face at her .
tr	I	There was one Warden between us , but Roth was heading straight for me .
tr	I	The city surrendered , and my messages were never delivered .
tr	O	一张巨大的哈利·波特海报吸引了她的注意，并且她站在那里看了一会儿。
tr	O	我的脉搏加快了，并且我的嘴巴干了。
tr	I	He already felt terrible for what happened , and he loved Clive almost as much as I did .
tr	I	He was easily lifted into the air and the angel 's wings began to flap .
tr	O	我的喉咙干了，但是我不得不问。
tr	I	You will see , and Travel alone Wil .
tr	I	I cared for him very deeply , but I didn 't love him .
tr	O	有这么一栋房子，并且接着是罗德里克。
tr	O	它的身体长满了类似熊毛的毛发，并且它坐在一张深红色的宝座上。
tr	I	I stay clear of them , but I 'm used to them .
tr	O	我本来打算等你，但是后来我看到了那件裙子。
tr	I	That 's okay , and you miss him .
tr	O	宝座室的双开门打开了，并且两个男人都把头盔夹在胳膊下面站着。
tr	O	她先剪断了领带，但是她也付出了代价。
tr	I	He was built like a bear and the man looked to be Russian .
tr	O	我不知道我需要做什么，但是我必须行动。
tr	O	托马斯现在几乎可以享受了，因为他不再拿着包裹，而且他们也把床单收起来了。
tr	O	有可能抓到他们其中一个，并且那也同样好。
tr	I	He could feel an iron tension in his shoulders that slowed his thrust , but Tavi struck out with a counterattack .
tr	O	钱宁的声音升高了，并且他怒视着贾斯汀。
tr	O	我把它们扔到地上，并且它们报复性地爬回我温暖的裸膝上。
tr	I	Things became pretty serious and we started dating each other when we were around sixteen .
tr	I	Zoe couldn 't imagine sacrificing her independence for any man , and experience showed her that her mother often caved in to make her father happy .
tr	I	They do respond , but they respond sluggishly .
tr	O	她低着头，脸微微侧开，但是她却一直在看着他。
tr	I	Another stairwell led down to a basement , and a small door had been propped open .
tr	I	I smiled , too , and a soft , goofy smile settled over her lips .
tr	O	女孩们对此感到畏缩，但是加里似乎很满意。
tr	I	The enormity of her actions stole her breath away , and Pam stared into his face , only inches away .
tr	O	西奥多背叛了他自己的妹妹，然而抵抗组织却信任他。
tr	I	He was real tired of being on the receiving end of Pate 's rage , and that gun was too close to comfort .
tr	I	I had not the slightest idea what to say to him , but I was excited by his nearness .
tr	O	可以看到几扇门从旁边分岔开，但是我不知道门后面是什么。
tr	O	他们的结合是被禁止的，但是他们彼此相爱。
tr	O	门开始砰地关上，但是我把脚卡在门框里，门撞到我的膝盖时我疼得咧了咧嘴。
tr	O	我的手湿漉漉的，并且我内心在颤抖。
tr	I	The celebration began and Evening was approaching .
tr	O	我知道那听起来像是最蹩脚的借口，但是我不知道还能说什么。
tr	I	I knew he was standing close behind me , and a tingle of awareness slid down my spine .
tr	O	哭泣是软弱的表现，但是承认雅培不再把我视为他家庭的一部分让我很受伤。
tr	O	他在开玩笑，但是考虑到屋里的气氛，我决定其中仍然有一丝真实性。
tr	O	我知道我正在陷入困境，但是我这次无力阻止它。
tr	O	我不会屈服，但是我正在输。
tr	O	她知道一个男人对她感兴趣的方式，并且如果她说自己没有同样的感觉那她就是在撒谎。
tr	I	The peri turned the table upside down , and the werewolf 's face changed , snarling .
tr	I	It felt as if ice water had replaced the blood in her veins and a chill raced through her .
tr	O	我们的瞄准不够好，但是我们缺乏的准确性，我们用速度弥补了。
tr	I	Graham had been talking about how he saw her , but she had no illusions about what she looked like .
tr	I	My eyes immediately go to June , still fast asleep and I brush my brow with the back of my hand .
tr	O	他不赞成她，然而他却把他的童贞给了她。
tr	I	The burn in her stomach subsided as sleep began to take her and her nerves stilled .
tr	O	他很想假装他根本没听到巴克斯特的话，但是他们都期待他发表一些评论。
tr	I	His head pounded mercilessly and his wrist throbbed .
tr	I	She couldn 't fill her lungs and the air dried up too quickly .
tr	O	我的伤几乎看不见，但是我很惊讶我的耳朵没有因为麦迪给我的那番训斥而依然发红。
tr	O	几个孩子暂时失去了肢体，但是没有人被烧焦。
tr	I	I convinced him to join me and he ran a bath for me .
tr	I	I powered it up , and she handed it back .
tr	O	一旦完成，它就结束了，并且他可以将它搁置。
tr	I	Then she felt arms wrap around her waist , and Victoria didn 't watch where she was going .
tr	I	Jesse could not continue watching but there were further visions .
tr	O	那是他试图查明的事情，但是没有人说话。
tr	O	他把它扔到床垫上，而且我看到他所有的信息都来自于阅读我的短信。
tr	I	Everyone had broken their fast ere she 'd come below , and Cullen had left her sleeping that morning .
tr	O	他见过死亡，但是他不害怕。
tr	I	The vid image again displayed the river flowing past the open gate , and the engineer tapped on his keyboard .
tr	I	A show of sincere cooperation just might make him trust her , but he 'd stopped suspecting her , which was a relief .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be able to attend for another week , but the new school had accepted him .
tr	O	随着他温暖她的身体，伊森的声音渐渐低了下去，而且朱莉终于知道了性爱应该是怎样的。
tr	I	An arm appeared faintly from beneath the covers , reaching out to be touched , and a maternal smile crept over her face .
tr	O	这将是他的胜利，而且只属于他一人。
tr	I	Heaven forbid he accept any but he could comfort .
tr	O	我看着我的倒影，并且我意识到我在发光。
tr	I	She couldn 't be certain , but she guessed the Blue Ridge Mountains .
tr	O	她可能来自他与另一个人的结合，但是她不是他的。
tr	I	Crying , and screaming .
tr	O	迪伦向她露出的笑容是原始的，并且格洛丽的兴奋感倍增。
tr	O	塔克也看到了，并且我们俩都跑开了。
tr	I	I could be petty when necessary , but it was wrong to think it .
tr	O	他的眼睛布满血丝，下面有黑眼圈，并且他看起来好像根本没睡一样。
tr	O	他观察到街头日益增长的暴行，并且从所有这些事情中，他寻求隐居。
tr	I	I 'm wearing a black tux and she 's in a red prom dress .
tr	I	She hadn 't responded , but he 'd sent her a text .
tr	I	She didn 't know why , and it was the singularly most terrifying thought she 'd had in a long while .
tr	I	She hit the windshield wipers , with their soft slap - slap sound , and a fine rain began to fall .
tr	I	The lunatic 's laughter did little to help matters and Darryl 's head throbbed in pain .
tr	I	It was clear he would deal with it as necessary , but he didn 't sound real pleased about that prospect .
tr	I	I don 't care , but I leave a nose print .
tr	O	粗糙的石头扎进我的膝盖，并且我把光照向它们。
tr	I	He smiled , and his eyebrows rose a little .
tr	O	她的头猛地抬起来，并且她睁大的眼睛惊讶地看着我的脸。
tr	O	因为这系列报道不仅是她的新闻处女作，而且也标志着她重返社交界。
tr	I	The room was empty and the door was open .
tr	O	那是一个完美的夜晚，并且我们一直做爱直到太阳再次升起。
tr	O	我感谢卡米尔，并且我们走了出去。
tr	O	女孩打开了纱门，并且他把椅子往后挪了挪。
tr	I	When he had she 'd been much more quiet than usual , and in fact he 'd barely seen much of her all week .
tr	O	炽白却已黯淡的眼睛看着他们，并且最后的守护者现在站在他们面前，其力量正在衰竭。
tr	I	I saw a towering , skeletal , half-naked silhouette , but it was dark .
tr	I	I wondered why Kim had been sent instead , and News was usual y the job of Samuel .
tr	O	我看着奥尼克斯，并且他耸了耸肩。
tr	I	That 's what they did and they were created to serve .
tr	I	She felt the heat coming off him against her skin , and her T-shirt was short-sleeved .
tr	O	我试图在我被赶出房间之前多问些问题，但是，我前倾身体示意我准备离开了。
tr	O	她挽住他的一只胳膊，并且他们走向一个用丝绒绳围起来的预留区域。
tr	I	She stepped into his embrace again and he opened his arms to her .
tr	O	机器所展现的组织是毁灭性的，并且异于以往蜂群战术中所见的一切。
tr	O	我好奇地盯着她，并且桑德拉拍了拍我的手。
tr	I	Now , Sirena was also in place , but Jamila was exactly where he 'd left her .
tr	O	她当时确实知道了，但是这是一个如此不可能、无法忍受的概念，以至于她将其推开了。
tr	I	Matching worked for her , and she liked neutral colors .
tr	O	医生按下了仪器上的按钮，并且它开始发出嗡嗡声。
tr	I	It was on the inside toward me , thank God ; but Jack had left a bloody fingerprint on one of them .
tr	O	我离开了水槽，把手在牛仔裤上擦干，并且思考着该对他说什么。
tr	O	他们的笑容消失了，并且朱丽安娜伸出了她的手，朝我走来。
tr	O	格温张开嘴想要抗议，但是加雷斯压过了她。
tr	I	Her mouth opened under his , and her lips found his again .
tr	I	Taunton wrote this figure on his legal pad , and it was twenty-five thousand .
tr	O	我们点了餐，并且女服务员离开了。
tr	I	Lord examined Thorn 's library and they returned to the house .
tr	I	She had come to the planet in her late twenties and Subject # 5 had been with them almost fifty years .
tr	I	I 've never been in love and I don 't do commitment .
tr	O	他的最终辩解基于其中两人与东北方向有明确关联，并且也许鲍曼的踪迹也可以从那里重新评估。
tr	I	Darius insisted on the traditional fingertips method , but we could have handled the blood transfer with syringes .
tr	O	他似乎从容应对一切，但是他同时又抱怨着这件事。
tr	I	He even got a five second mention on the evening TV news and his photos appeared in all the major newspapers .
tr	O	他试图把她搂进怀里，但是她却挣扎着，把他推开。
tr	O	他可能在这里，在地球上，但是他本可以传个口信。
tr	O	我觉得自己认出了其中一件半埋在后面的物品，并且我无法抗拒跪下，就像我无法停止呼吸一样。
tr	O	他的嘴唇卷曲起来，并且他继续移动。
tr	I	She thought she recognized Mozart and the music accompanying changed timbre .
tr	O	德拉克叔叔总是用那些旧的干货，但是他们却把新东西放进了麻袋。
tr	O	他们彼此友好，并且你几乎能看到他们在一起有多开心。
tr	I	I 'd barely touched mine , but I usually love Hawaiian haystack .
tr	O	她向肖恩点头致意，并且她把鞋子倒在地板上。
tr	I	Kevin had retrieved it and she 'd been fretting about the choice that winter evening when her hat blew off .
tr	I	She turned back , but Kelly was about to walk out of the room .
tr	O	我对你一直很有耐心，但是我差不多已经达到极限了。
tr	O	然后他得到了一个全职的基本生命支持转运车的岗位，并且那结束了那件事。
tr	O	她在这里，并且他很感激。
tr	I	She didn 't take that personally , but he , on the other hand , didn 't totally trust her .
tr	O	他不能没有她就离开这里，并且此刻他还不确定自己是否真的想离开精灵世界。
tr	O	它在持续的时候很美好，但是它已经结束了。
tr	O	他们周围的桌子刚刚安静下来，并且那个名字似乎在房间里回荡。
tr	I	Perhaps one could tell it through wisdom , but one couldn 't tell age by looks .
tr	I	She pushed it to one side as she opened the door and the hair was dangling in her face .
tr	O	没有可用的票，并且我没有看到任何人朝我们走过来。
tr	O	相反地，他在国家的庇护下，承担了所有成员的福利和福祉。
tr	I	I had no idea whether that was good , but there was nary a spade in my hand .
tr	O	她不以为意地耸了耸肩，但是我能从她的眼中看到渴望。
tr	I	He was still able to cling to the side of Ash , but his weight shifted as his muscles relaxed .
tr	O	我尖叫起来，但是所有我能听到的只有一片嘈杂的白噪音。
tr	O	这堵墙不可能带电，然而它看起来就是那样，每当陌生人试图触摸它时，它都带着生命噼啪作响。
tr	I	The city werewolves had , but shifters seldom got organized .
tr	O	今晚没有星星，或者也许云层挡住了所有的星星。
tr	O	我感觉没有我想象的那么糟糕，但是当我终于爬出床时，我的肌肉确实发出了抗议。
tr	O	她一直在预料到这一点，并且她已经开始在心里盘算她的财务状况了。
tr	I	Then , Michael was the quiet type , but Michael didn 't say much about them .
tr	O	在这之前瑞克没怎么听他说过什么，但是凯莉发誓他说英语。
tr	I	The gates to the town were being closed and the trumpets had been heard .
tr	I	I cherish it and I see that .
tr	I	He was speeding casually through the streets before she realized he hadn 't muttered a word to her and she was buckled in .
tr	O	萨凡娜因为怀孕不能喝酒，但是她似乎一点也不在意。
tr	I	Today was turning out to be more stressful than normal , to put it mildly , but he hadn 't smoked in two years .
tr	I	She ducked her chin and Color rushed to her cheeks .
tr	O	消防局映入眼帘，并且我把油门踩到底。
tr	O	他戴着纪律严明的自我控制的坚硬面具，并且她渴望把它从他脸上打掉。
tr	O	汤姆回以微笑，但是那笑容很快就消失了。
tr	I	He was angry and he noticed that his nervousness was gone .
tr	I	He could tell she was impressed , but she couldn 't hide her amusement .
tr	I	I had felt him waiting for us , but he let us get back to the cabin before coming to talk .
tr	I	Before the first song 's chorus the arrangement fell apart and the girls ' reluctance spoke volumes .
tr	I	I have to get other people involved , and I have to do something .
tr	O	疼痛带给他比任何快乐都甜蜜的解脱，并且他的头脑暂时变得更清晰了。
tr	O	我扭动它们，但是结很紧。
tr	O	在我认识他的四年里，我从未听过拉斐尔说话如此严肃和愤怒。
tr	O	我挥舞法杖左右摇摆警告恶魔不要前进，但是它们继续逼近。
tr	O	他开始挣脱，但是她早有准备。
tr	O	走廊光滑的墙壁被烧焦发黑，并且反光的地面上覆盖着塌陷天花板的碎片。
tr	O	我点点头，不确定自己在回答哪个问题，但是我想我们到了那里就会知道了。
tr	O	维尔达失去了一切，并且德斯蒂尼仍然拥有尼古拉。
tr	O	我看向凯德寻求答案，但是他正专注地研究那堆东西，手抵在一根横梁上。
tr	I	Paris felt his heart skip a single beat , and Mateo tilted his head , as if looking at her with curiosity .
tr	O	现在是退潮，但是仍然，只剩下十五英尺的岩石，狂暴的海水就会拍打在它们上面。
tr	I	The City became the Universe and the walls closed around him .
tr	I	McKenzie had no illusions about where she stood with Byron Knight , but he was on a sex high right now .
tr	O	她将布按在参差不齐的爪痕上，并且我紧咬着牙关。
tr	I	Emma met Haven at the door , smiling brightly as she held her paintings , and their caregivers trickled in to pick them up .
tr	O	她来自一个可疑的过去，并且在我们找到彼此的时候，她已经伤了许多人的心。
tr	I	To him it felt like a death sentence , but it was a marriage to prevent further bloodshed .
tr	I	There were moments when I found her beautiful , but she wasn 't pretty .
tr	I	Each clan wanted to make sure they allied themselves with the winning side , and War was imminent .
tr	O	她不想他们之间有任何亲密关系，并且他的名字对她来说似乎很悦耳。
tr	I	My hand goes right through it , and I reach for the palm scanner .
tr	I	Even without it , I don 't want to remain here , but the promise to Loras gives me a compelling reason to leave .
tr	I	Winter break is coming , and they 'll get used to the idea .
tr	O	好的，给我指路，并且我明天晚上见你。
tr	O	意想不到的是，泪水充满了她的眼睛，但是她太高兴了，顾不上这些。
tr	O	上午过得非常慢，并且她有时可能睡着了，尽管那只蜈蚣一直在她脸上爬动。
tr	O	这一定是特拉，并且她很感激特拉有颗心。
tr	I	Liam felt a jolt of recognition , and she pushed her hair out of the way .
tr	O	我呻吟了一声，并且他笑了。
tr	O	它沿着横梁疾跑，从未失去平衡，并且消失回阴影中。
tr	O	鲁本指出了一些变装皇后，并且科拉造成了一些……服装事故。
tr	I	Not Sally 's , but the voice was female .
tr	I	Beyond the trees , fields opened out , and Thick mist floated under the trees along the towpath .
tr	I	My mother 's father had informed them that I needed my own space apart from them , but my parents hadn 't been happy about it .
tr	O	他的胸中充满了一丝轻快，并且他等待着结果。
tr	I	Barely marking the surface of the sand , but they were less than twenty feet away now .
tr	O	他在一月份去世了，并且他们把他的遗物寄给了她。
tr	O	几分钟后我穿上了睡衣，并且我所有的妆都洗掉了。
tr	O	冰几乎立刻就开始麻痹疼痛，并且食物正在她的胃里燃起一股暖流。
tr	I	It gave JC a perverse satisfaction and Angelina flinched .
tr	O	弗雷德已经调查了玛丽在马文失踪前一周的行踪，并且她似乎能够说明自己的时间。
tr	I	She shook her head and Carol 's gaze widened .
tr	O	我的全名是威廉·理查德·亨特，并且我和你同岁。
tr	I	His hold on her was strong , but Jace was shaking .
tr	I	With that , the campaign would officially start and the letter she 'd mentioned would be in the community post office soon .
tr	I	He said nothing more on the subject , but lucius ran his tongue over his teeth , his eyes glinting like pressurized steel .
tr	O	我努力把心跳的加速隐藏起来，但是它听起来就像在向全世界广播。
tr	I	She had more than half the shawl yet to knit and next week was our final class .
tr	I	I keep going , because I know I have to but I think about her everyday , Peyton , .
tr	O	我指向我的新座位，并且他把我的名字写在方框里。
tr	O	红爪可能知道的不是很多，但是她知道“飞”这个词。
tr	O	她的声音恳求着，并且佐伊感到内疚。
tr	I	She decided to worry about it later , but that was unusual enough to concern Kira .
tr	O	他偶尔甩了甩手，但是我继续讲，生怕一旦它从我嘴边溜走我就会忘记。
tr	I	The white of his fur seemed to glow and the colors lining his stripes flickered in their shifting rainbow .
tr	O	你当然记得水；但是你没在里面！
tr	O	尼古拉斯拼命地想给她争取时间，并且说实话她也需要时间。
tr	O	一个接一个地，电动护盾熄灭了，只给那些挥舞它们的人留下了一个碟子大小的把手。
tr	O	我想拥抱那个瘦小的身体，但是我相信蒂尼会承担那项职责。
tr	I	The thing held fast , but he instinctively swiped at the clinging beast in an attempt to dislodge it .
tr	O	她的心跳加速，但是她的双手却稳如磐石。
tr	I	She stopped beside him and Ronan stopped at the corner .
tr	O	我走过我和妈妈住过的公寓的门，没有看它一眼。
tr	O	我们要出去吃晚餐，并且接着去看电影。
tr	O	杰克随即迅速后退去拔他的斯塔尔手枪，但是那个小个子男人迅速用箱子袭击了他，打中了他的持枪手臂。
tr	O	他从小就没祈祷过，但是他现在祈祷了，知道自己很幸运。
tr	O	他们把那些话抛给他，但是他无法把它们抛回去。
tr	I	We broke out , and we have been detained in a prison camp .
tr	I	Perhaps it didn 't matter anyway , but unless that happened they would never make the train from Bala that day .
tr	O	我想去，但是我无法让自己去。
tr	O	她会认为那是小题大做，但是她知道那个家伙的行事方式。
tr	O	我命令它保持不动，但是那个该死的东西完全无视我。
tr	O	天气很热，是的，但是这符合了居住者的一项特殊要求。
tr	I	I never see him again and she thought , What if I don 't return ?
tr	O	上方传来一阵低沉的隆隆声，但是他没有多想。
tr	O	我很生气，并且他知道这一点。
tr	O	他的呼吸搔弄着我的耳朵，并且我打了个寒颤。
tr	I	He waited patiently but Steven knew he was missing some major point she was trying to make .
tr	O	它翅膀拍动产生的气流推开了雨水，并且它粗厉的呼吸声越来越响亮。
tr	O	她的嘴唇颤抖着，并且她吸入了一口颤抖的气息。
tr	O	洛基对自己充满信心，并且我很容易地跟着他，努力不去质疑他。
tr	O	那是他的王牌，并且他知道这一点。
tr	I	We 'll take this thing on and I will throw open the door .
tr	O	易卜拉欣清了清嗓子，想引起她的注意，但是无论她在做什么，她似乎都不会为任何事情停下来。
tr	O	她等着他抱怨，确信他会从中找到一个缺陷，但是他反而只是咧嘴一笑。
tr	O	诺亚伸出双手，并且博抱住了他。
tr	O	活着的地球人背包是开着的，并且死去的地球人背包是关着的。
tr	O	她滑了进去，并且我笨拙地摔倒在她对面。
tr	O	你努力工作了，并且你成功了。
tr	I	We 'd return , but if they shot at us today we 'd probably die .
tr	I	The man fell back to the wall and the swing connected .
tr	O	杰西卡指向右边，并且我们开始跑起来。
tr	O	她不喜欢提建议，并且她知道如果泰想要，他会主动要求的。
tr	I	Preston was one of theirs , but they all seemed really nice .
tr	O	僵尸被击飞了出去，而且这次没有一个再站起来。
tr	I	It said nothing at all again and she looked at the screen .
tr	O	楼梯宽到我们之间仍有空间，但是又窄到没有多少空间了。
tr	I	The foothills are turning blue , even before his eyes , as the snow melts but the peaks are white .
tr	O	我在需要时能让他们疲惫，但是对你而言，情况就有些不同了。
tr	O	我想我看到他眼中有一丝好笑，但是他的脸太过严肃，我无法判断那是否是真心的。
tr	O	那样的生活早已远去，并且她确实不希望它回来。
tr	O	他走到附近的一栋建筑，并且我们跟着他进去了。
tr	O	她的眼睛睁开了，并且她又看向了他。
tr	I	He settled supine between her legs , putting one on each shoulder , and his blood surged at that thought .
tr	I	She wasn 't sharing , and the rabbit was hers .
tr	I	If she could be of use to me , I had to ally with her , but I loathed this woman .
tr	I	Fear ... and anger .
tr	O	嗯，她确实跟他睡了，但是她并没有跟他睡。
tr	O	几周时间缓慢流逝，并且没有工作机会。
tr	O	他把手指伸进去，并且传来一声清晰的咔嗒声。
tr	I	They had not been heralded by angels , but I knew the Kings of Israel had been the Lord 's anointed .
tr	I	It would just hurt both of us if I were to pretend otherwise , and this was nothing more than a summer romance .
tr	O	我不为那个事实感到骄傲，但是这是真相。
tr	O	这是一个多么奇怪的角色逆转，其中我成了冷静的人，并且他却情绪失控。
tr	I	Steve chased after the girl and Lavina nodded .
tr	O	她开始到处嗅探，尽管她远离多利安，并且她很快消失在床下。
tr	O	如果他走到外面就没事了，但是他就看不到漆黑棚屋里的罐子了。
tr	O	我从书桌旁后退，并且我的目光在那两人之间闪烁。
tr	I	The knife is at the side of my throat and his leg is between mine , holding them open .
tr	O	她坐进他的一把客椅，并且就在她这样做的时候，尼古拉用饥渴的眼神打量着她。
tr	I	I will tell you one and - So close your eyes .
tr	I	I 'd been desperate and she 'd been hurting .
tr	I	Her apprehension melted just a little , and Allen 's voice settled on her warmly in the darkness .
tr	I	Things almost seem normal , and we laugh , we joke .
tr	I	It makes sense , but I didn 't think of that .
tr	O	不是因为你所想的那些原因，但是是的，我很高兴。
tr	O	这里不是复活的耶稣基督，但是一个不同的奇迹活了过来。
tr	O	她大肆敛财，并且她对此毫无羞耻。
tr	O	她嘴角露出一丝坏笑，并且她更向前倾身到沙发上，这样我能感觉到她每一丝呼吸在我赤裸的胸膛上。
tr	O	邻居们徘徊着，目瞪口呆，但是忙着进行清理工作。
tr	I	She hadn 't , but she wanted him to think she 'd given up .
tr	O	每个人都知道那个词，然而你误用了它。
tr	I	The dark tones of her attire had submerged her in shadow , and the corner was dark .
tr	O	唯一管用的就是钱，但是那张纸使其合法。
tr	I	I don 't get it , but I know you 're helping me .
tr	I	It came from a dying man which she loved the most , and she never thought that a guy would tell her that she was beautiful .
tr	O	我们现在没有危险了，并且我们都想寻找更温暖的气候。
tr	O	Egwene 没有得到晚餐，但是她病得太重，顾不上吃饭了。
tr	O	他立刻滑到方向盘后，并且车子正在转弯开下街道。
tr	O	我能听到保罗说话，但是我只听到了一边。
tr	I	Here I am , and I swore I 'd have a better life than my sister .
tr	O	她向下看，并且我关上了我们之间的门，需要回家。
tr	I	She makes up for it with effort , but she may lack finesse .
tr	I	His eyes took in everything and he was a night creature .
tr	O	阿比盖尔的公寓在一家古董店上面，并且我们爬了两段摇摇晃晃的楼梯才到达她那里。
tr	I	To pull away all support , but I might have thought otherwise ?
tr	O	他喜欢被关注，并且看到他在陌生人的注视下绽放让她想起了他小时候拍过的那一个牙膏广告。
tr	O	房子很小，而且如果有个地方可以藏，他早就找到了。
tr	O	她的眼睛有点湿润了，并且她用手擦了擦。
tr	O	蛇回来了，并且准备再次尝试。
tr	I	He 's been there ever since and he went directly to the bar .
tr	O	我喝了几乎一整瓶，并且我醉得一塌糊涂。
tr	I	He looked like a child , and the lines from the man 's face had gone .
tr	I	It won 't be covered heavily by the press because the purse is small but some good competitors will be in the ring .
tr	O	温柔的声音立刻让男人安静下来，并且他在极其有力的钳制下显得顺从。
tr	O	那件事说出来不是时候，但是当你问得如此直接时，我无法否认。
tr	O	他们在常客休息时为初学者提供课程，并且我们会照他们说的做。
tr	I	His breath caught when he saw the exact path the storm had taken and Donovan studied it carefully .
tr	I	Thinking about himself , well , it was just a distraction , and he had work to do .
tr	O	在加利福尼亚接受培训，并且然后在曼哈顿任职。
tr	O	他看起来真的很帅，但是我没觉得在长途飞行前打扮有什么意义。
tr	O	他是个被欲望驱使的男人，并且我对他来说太容易得手了。
tr	I	His attention was on the backyard too but I gave a curious glance to Phoenix .
tr	O	他的浓眉低垂，并且他的下巴因沮丧的愤怒而鼓胀。
tr	I	They spilled back inside and the door clicked open .
tr	O	他对她的影响超越了肉体层面，而且那使得他们之间的关系更加具有爆发性。
tr	O	他站着，手掀着布帘，并且她透过开口凝视着要塞。
tr	I	Every head in the tavern swiveled in its direction , and a gruff voice yelled from the bar .
tr	O	每一个有劳动能力的联邦囚犯都被要求有一份工作，并且监狱管理局控制着薪酬等级。
tr	I	We headed down the narrow , treed path and the guys grabbed their backpacks .
tr	I	Savannah moved in closer to Trey and the movie projector started to play the first movie of the night .
tr	O	她今晚可能会死，或者她下周可能会死。
tr	I	I will show you , and let us away outside .
tr	O	任何人都可以查看你的账户，但是没有人知道它属于谁。
tr	O	无论谁把他推向我，都为我们缩短了距离，并且凯兰的唇现在正紧紧地贴在我的唇上。
tr	I	He does come from a good family , but a bit too free with his inheritance .
tr	O	月经期过去了，而且伴随着它，贝蒂感到生活开始以一种无意义的方式从她身边流逝。
tr	I	The car is great , and I 'm doing fine .
tr	I	Dark glasses are no longer a disguise , but there was a scattering of dark glasses .
tr	O	很快他把车开到前面，并且他迅速绕过去帮助苏西坐进乘客座位。
tr	O	我想回到我的世界，而且我想让梅格和我一起回来。
tr	O	她已经接受了她的命运，而且在她心里，她已经放下了。
tr	I	Those interested Rayford even more , and other predictions had not yet taken place .
tr	I	I wonder what he sees exactly and he searches my eyes for something .
tr	I	Michael easily avoided the blow , but the vampire Michael was leaning on swiped at him .
tr	O	我有一份遗产，而且我将忠于它。
tr	O	我考虑现在对未来发展的代价，并且我向洛拉斯许下的承诺未能兑现。
tr	O	她哭了，但是她的声音正在消退。
tr	O	那是一个小小的姿态，但是他知道她付出的代价。
tr	I	They were smart , but Xavier kept them weak .
tr	O	他的话语渐弱，并且他的眼睛失去了光彩。
tr	O	你可能有很多种身份，但是你给我的印象并不傻。
tr	I	Scott has been really pushing Walt to go after what he wants , but I get that .
tr	O	尤其因为潘多拉是一个传说，一个神话，并且里面可能什么也没有。
tr	I	She was shrinking against the bed like a coward , but she tried to appear unaffected by his anger .
tr	I	His arms fell at his side and he leaned back in his chair .
tr	I	Lux swore so loudly that a flock of birds exploded from the branches above us , and Ava 's eyes widened innocently .
tr	I	Lea knew that Karen was coming from Lea 's left side , but Karen moved behind Lea .
tr	O	所有人站了起来，抓起书本和桌上剩下的任何托盘。
tr	O	她伸出手，并且他起身去握住，只停顿了一会儿整理衣服。
tr	O	他要求道，并且那微弱的爱尔兰口音在他的话语中流淌。
tr	I	I held my breath , and he paused .
tr	I	He didn 't find the move to be as careless as she 'd probably planned , but then she shrugged .
tr	O	我清醒着，但是我让沙恩睡觉。
tr	I	I tapped into it , and Anger rose like a violent storm inside me .
tr	O	我看过足够多的电影，在那些电影里人们这样做，并且看起来很容易。
tr	I	She was paying little attention to the scenery , yet she 'd never been to the city before .
tr	O	抵着她背部的灌木丛摸起来像柔软的苔藓，但是她胸中的情感是粗糙的。
tr	O	摔到地上的疼痛是剧烈的，并且有那么几分钟我甚至动弹不得。
tr	O	你总是欺负我们的同学，并且我讨厌你那样做。
tr	I	I smiled , and his laughed at me .
tr	O	丽莎亲手装饰了每一个，并且本来就不够。
tr	O	救护车跟在后面，但是当它的后保险杠与我们的对齐时，它就翻了过来。
tr	O	我知道他们经常吵架，但是他们确实很爱对方。
tr	I	I didn 't correct her , but that 's what I felt .
tr	I	Craig looked up from the sports magazine he was reading , and she hurried into the marina office .
tr	I	I 've got a bad feeling about this , but he promised to keep me informed .
tr	O	拉普先生做了介绍，并且莱恩向前走了一步。
tr	I	I can 't help the laugh that escapes me and he unlocks a tan Malibu .
tr	I	We hardly notice , but our dinner arrives .
tr	I	He lifted his hands in defense , and I raised my eyebrow at him .
tr	O	那是一个危险的目的地，但是没有他们她感觉更安全。
tr	I	He smiled absently anyway , already knowing what their reactions would be , but Gel didn 't really like that metaphor .
tr	I	Her golden hair shimmered and the bathroom light streamed in through the walk-in closet .
tr	I	She would have to do the best she could , but she had no idea whether she could remember everything that was in the house .
tr	I	His face brightened as a sly smile crossed his lips and he paused .
tr	I	He got to the lonely stretch of dirt road that led to his house , and he walked for half an hour as fast as he could .
tr	O	天色还很早，但是也许他醒着。
tr	I	They woke her every time and Kara repeated the crazy dreams .
tr	I	Elections have consequences and I was elected .
tr	I	I struggled free from him as he kissed me on the lips and he pulled me towards him .
tr	O	格雷厄姆的手机显示了谁给他打过电话，但是米斯蒂一直开着手机，这意味着她可能在任何地方。
tr	O	赛扭动了一下，但是他没有抽身离开。
tr	O	她在做自己的工作，就像他做他的工作一样，但是她仍然觉得自己在某种程度上背叛了他。
tr	I	His brow is furrowed , and his hair is wild .
tr	O	我答应会照顾她，并且我会做任何事情来信守那个诺言。
tr	I	There was nothing that I could do to stop it , and Jasmine was actually going to kill Morgan right in front of me .
tr	O	处于隔音房间的好处是没有人听到打斗的骚动或我挣脱的声音。
tr	O	当我解释时，然而他也看到了，并且也就是在那时，他正式将权力移交给了我。
tr	O	我问他是什么意思，并且他叫我想象一下十二世纪的罗宾汉。
tr	I	You weren 't going anywhere with it , but it seemed stuck in your head .
tr	I	Verity tried to see what was going on and there was a jarring crash inside the room .
tr	O	他们的会议主要是信息交流会，但是偶尔他们也会分享一些个人生活。
tr	I	He really couldn 't stand me , and Detective Sergeant Jack Burns was a frightening man .
tr	O	她的双脚悬空摇摆，但是尽管她如何挣扎，她似乎都无法碰到任何东西。
tr	O	当她正在享受她的一天时，丽娅听到了敲门声，并且她去开门了。
tr	O	所有的女人都同情地看着拉奇，但是所有的男人都嫉妒地看着我。
tr	O	他去拿起对讲机，但是在他能拿起之前它又响了。
tr	O	贝克会吹嘘，但是她没有。
tr	I	He knew then the mercy of death came to his son and he heard the high-pitched balloon shriek escape his son 's lungs .
tr	O	史蒂夫的声音变了，并且他看起来很生气。
tr	I	Zack was helping him again as he swayed unsteadily , and he was of only average height , very thin .
tr	O	我看向我爸爸，希望他能发话允许我再多待一会儿，但是他只是耸耸肩。
tr	O	救护车停了下来，但是杰克仍然留在塔莎身边，而艾弗里则非常生动地向警察解释了事件经过。
tr	I	He pulled her closer to him and his expression softened .
tr	I	It seems enough for him , but it 's a nervous twitter .
tr	O	那个男孩，仍然被篮子抱着，毫发无损，但是我的曾祖父差点被杀死。
tr	I	A netted behemoth Bass help me create my ruse , and my mission was to have Bob .
tr	I	The nails on the door hinges came loose and the crash came again .
tr	O	弗雷德讨厌欺诈方案案件甚于他讨厌洗碗，并且他家里备满了纸盘。
tr	O	他们离开了袋子，并且他再也看不见他们了。
tr	O	这只会让事情变得更糟，而且他已经惹了足够的麻烦。
tr	O	我在这里，因为我的父母想让我过得更好，并且传教士说服了他们做他们所做的事。
tr	O	房间里一片漆黑，所以他无法看清他的脸，但是他是一个魁梧的男人。
tr	O	她给他提供了蔬菜，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	I	She 'd still slept with him to get money , but she may not be a hooker .
tr	I	Simone gave a low groan as she impatiently pressed herself closer , and it was astonishingly erotic to have his emotions pulsing through her .
tr	O	然后我想到奎因，而且那让我没有沉溺于那次骑行。
tr	I	Echo couldn 't quite latch on to it , but something was there .
tr	I	There was still a hint of humor there , but his voice was hoarse .
tr	O	我的头落到长凳坚硬的木头上，并且我睡着了。
tr	I	It all fell in place , but it 's never connected before now .
tr	I	The boy hit the side of the house with a thunk , and Allie gripped on to the window ledge for all she was worth .
tr	O	他苍白的眼睛闪烁着寒光，但是他却用微笑将其掩盖。
tr	O	娜塔莉的心因紧张而猛跳，但是米歇尔对她的不适浑然不觉。
tr	O	它比她喜欢的要浓，并且她又加了一包糖。
tr	I	That was the end of conscious thought and Dimitri 's tongue slipped between her lips .
tr	I	I 'm piling it into place , and she 's throwing everything she can .
tr	I	I was running out of time , but the irony was that I had a time machine .
tr	I	All of his payoffs were wire transfers but the crash took place right near Horton 's office .
tr	O	希安娜看着我，并且我耸了耸肩。
tr	I	When Kylie saw Sara , Kylie gasped and Sara 's door stood ajar .
tr	I	Their leader wasn 't happy , and Minho reached him first .
tr	O	他的手臂本能地紧紧抱住她，并且莱瓦娜在哭出来之前闭紧了眼睛。
tr	O	那道能量束击中了罐子，反弹回来，并且伴随着一道黑烟闪光，偶像枯萎成一截枯枝。
tr	O	她出生时是个女孩，并且她出生在非洲。
tr	I	I can 't read her face anymore , and her expressions are different .
tr	O	她笑了，但是看起来很勉强。
tr	O	她知道他们听过她的故事，但是她能看到他们的笑容。
tr	I	It found significant facts wanting , and when it had its own data to compare , it compared .
tr	I	Natalie was suffering as a result of being too close and Sophia was suffering as a result of being so far from home .
tr	O	他的眼睛，那斜睨的、紧锁的眼球，布满阴影，布满皱纹，被遮掩着，但是那愤怒却如此清晰。
tr	O	只要再一起过一个圣诞节，然后我就可以接受说再见了。
tr	O	不健康的好奇心克服了恐惧，并且她往角落后面看去。
tr	O	男人们变得焦躁不安，并且这对他们来说简直是天籁之音。
tr	O	莉莉安娜看着埃琳娜，脸上写满了惊讶，然后她看向了德雷克。
tr	O	它们现在在我心中回荡，将杰克斯的低语带向永恒，并且这种认知使我感到谦卑。
tr	O	怒火再次燃烧，并且我上前去砸他的脸。
tr	O	他看起来像个小男孩，并且这让我感到温暖。
tr	I	People press in from every side , and a thumping drum passes for music .
tr	I	She would choose life for both of them , but she would not forgive him .
tr	O	无数念头在她脑中翻腾，并且很难只选一个来集中精力。
tr	I	I don 't feel the need to explain , simply because I know in my heart how real it was , and they wouldn 't understand .
tr	O	他们正在笑些什么，并且她把手放在了他的手臂上，就像她对服务员做的那样。
tr	O	她没有，并且他发现那很恼人。
tr	O	他咧嘴笑了，并且瑞秋摇了摇头。
tr	O	我刚向警局发了无线电，并且看来亚伯拉罕·吉莱斯皮的衬衫上没有少纽扣。
tr	O	我接到命令不得杀你，但是致残并未被明确禁止。
tr	I	There were empty spaces for other ships to land , but the airfield wasn 't large enough for a runway .
tr	O	她的手指立刻笨拙地动了动，并且牛奶未能流出。
tr	I	Her mind was just playing a cruel trick on her and she wondered if she was still in Parker 's arms .
tr	I	Death brings more closure than comfort allows , but we humans desire matters come to an end to a point .
tr	O	那可能只会轻微地伤害他，并且我需要狠狠地伤害他。
tr	O	她不情愿地给他看了她起水泡的手掌，并且他畏缩了一下，愧疚涌上心头。
tr	O	他是悲观主义者，并且我是乐观主义者；两人都挑战对方以不同的方式看待世界。
tr	O	第二个男人对我们俩都咧嘴笑了，并且这让我想起了杰森的笑容。
tr	I	There are sobs coming from somewhere in the room and my shoulders are shaking .
tr	O	我丈夫去世时正在忙一件事，并且我认为与他联络的人可能与此有关。
tr	I	She didn 't care , but the movement made her head ache .
tr	O	衣服穿在她身上松松垮垮的，但是马多克斯认为她看起来很诱人。
tr	O	看了一眼钟表显示她比平时睡得晚了，并且这全是扎克·雷文斯克罗夫特的错。
tr	I	Tim raised a hand , but Joe started to argue .
tr	O	她不属于那里，并且他们都知道。
tr	I	The knife fell to the grass , and she heard the snap of bone .
tr	I	He grimaced a bit , and then the smile fell .
tr	O	我有一个会议，并且恐怕我无法帮助你。
tr	I	It 's tight in place , and I check my mental wall .
tr	I	That 's what most people did in La Salle , but he had no clue what they really did for a living .
tr	I	It wasn 't there ... and the orange Mustang was hard to miss .
tr	I	I think I can recognize Portia 's voice , and arch , plummy vowels drift over to me .
tr	O	我不想睡觉，但是接下来我就被他叫醒了。
tr	O	我本没打算让他们搬进来，但是一旦这个想法在我脑海中生根，我就需要它了。
tr	I	Isaac jumped in the way with his shield activated and Duncan snapped his fingers at them .
tr	O	亚马逊人崇尚力量，并且赞恩几乎赢得了他的自由。
tr	I	His strong arms were wrapped about her and nothing could be truly terrible when her head was resting on Viper 's shoulder .
tr	O	你或许可以待到周末，但是那之后，我就不知道了。
tr	I	I didn 't say anything either , but I didn 't hang up .
tr	I	I thought we would make it and my apartment was in sight now .
tr	O	她把她拉起来，并且阿米蒂痛苦地尖叫起来。
tr	O	外面有点冷，并且女孩们穿着裙子冷得发抖。
tr	O	苏维的话以一声尖叫结束，并且她迅速翻到另一页。
tr	I	My voice was gone , but I shook my head .
tr	O	他没有对她隐瞒任何事，但是她从未真正与他如此深入地融合，以至于能看透他内心的黑暗。
tr	O	这个想法让他很尴尬，但是它也帮助证实了他的决定。
tr	O	劳伦斯想熬过这次审判来交朋友，并且那个女孩有时间做这件事，所以他们开始交谈。
tr	O	弗拉德又采取了行动，并且塔克输掉了这场战斗。
tr	O	她点了一个蛋筒巧克力曲奇面团冰淇淋，并且他选择了巧克力。
tr	I	From its head the black smoke turns white , making its way down , and Light bursts through the orange eyes , turning them white .
tr	I	He was killed as well , but there was a third prisoner .
tr	I	A breeze floats across the reflecting pool beside us , and I sag against the railing of the rustic teahouse .
tr	I	She moaned softly and the throbbing increased .
tr	I	They ´ re as puffy as can be and I focus on the clouds as there are different shapes .
tr	I	I can feel her holding it and the girl takes in a breath .
tr	I	She took off at a dangerous gallop down the narrow trail , and she yelled that those of the Forest with her should follow .
tr	I	Then someone clued him in to who I was , but I think he was going to rob me .
tr	I	Soon we were in motion , and I did as she asked .
tr	O	罗恩不敢相信他真的说了出来，但是当他考虑过后，他意识到这是唯一的办法。
tr	I	He was smart and he was strong .
tr	I	Then we could see them , and my father lit the lamp .
tr	I	She was nowhere around , but I shouted for Emma .
tr	I	I put voice to my thoughts , but a tremor ran through me at my impudence .
tr	I	He liked her too much , but he should have lost interest .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but when it was over , her ears were left ringing .
tr	O	我试图坐起来，但是我的身体却动不了。
tr	O	他离得不够近，无法触碰，但是，我能感受到他皮肤的温暖，诱惑着我，安抚着我。
tr	I	They don 't even know anyone in Germany , and they were charged for a call to Germany .
tr	O	他的眉毛因尝到味道而惊讶地扬起，但是，这并没有阻止他再倒一杯。
tr	O	那是我一时兴起创作的一首毫无意义的小曲，但是，它有所帮助。
tr	O	他确实吓了一跳，但是，他很快就恢复了过来。
tr	O	士兵们在新的一天里工作着，一点一点地清理着道路，但是，进展缓慢。
tr	O	我不知道我是怎么知道的，但是，我确实知道。
tr	I	I 've been there before , but I have something in mind .
tr	O	这是他的女人，那个原始人低声说道，并且，他会不惜一切代价给她带来快乐。
tr	O	在她心里，她知道科尔绝不会故意让杰夫失望，但是，她儿子的焦虑和她自己的一样强烈。
tr	O	他点燃了火柴，而且它立刻在微风中熄灭了。
tr	I	He did so , as they headed up the stairs to pick up Mikael , and she motioned for him to follow .
tr	O	她肺部的紧缩缓解了，并且她终于能够轻松地吸入她自昨天分开以来的第一口气了。
tr	I	I am sold with others and later they move up north .
tr	I	The Brute didn 't even seem to flinch , but I thought I saw blood spew from its right shoulder .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she waited for Noel to come back .
tr	I	The color rose in her cheeks , but she concentrated on the two animals instead of looking at him .
tr	I	The work crew pushed it away , and the death cart was now full .
tr	I	Since I 'm hiding one , I didn 't want you to see them and there were wolf trades there .
tr	O	电话响了一声，而且一个熟悉的声音说道。
tr	O	我告诉吉尔我稍后会和她见面，但是我不知道她是否听见了。
tr	O	闪过一丝小小的愉悦，并且他随后将爱倾注到她的心里。
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and they stiffened instantly .
tr	O	他跑向他们，并且夏娃伸出了她的手。
tr	I	He took a step back , but I took a step forward .
tr	I	Nobody cried out , but everyone was listening intently .
tr	O	老师来自中国，而且卡桑德拉将听到一位母语者的声音。
tr	O	艾丽西亚这个名字浮现在我脑海里，但是那不对。
tr	O	我的一部分想要知道私人俱乐部背后的秘密，但是我的另一部分感到害怕。
tr	I	He didn 't , but she knew that .
tr	I	The bullets caused nothing more than minuscule chips on contact , but I expected the glass to shatter immediately .
tr	O	一切都进行得很顺利，并且五分钟后，一位职员递给她一张收据，上面显示了她重新计算后的银行余额——一个可怜的微薄数字。
tr	O	几乎希望她看到我与梅尔在一起会生气，因为那将意味着特拉维斯是对的，并且她喜欢我。
tr	O	他一言不发，但是他的双手紧握成拳放在身体两侧。
tr	I	It managed to put the fire out in a second , and it absolutely soaked the trees around her , including Brick .
tr	I	Its agility was amazing and it was tiny with a bushy tail .
tr	I	I know without turning around that Damien is here , and the hairs on the back of my neck prickle .
tr	I	The large windows were covered with heavy shades , and the actresses ' dressing room was a classroom that still smelled of erasers .
tr	O	这是一个很大的工作量，但是这是他们所有的员工了。
tr	I	I had to have more , and I 'd been bitten by the Private Eye bug .
tr	I	She knew this time was different but she had been dreaming about being with him again .
tr	O	我瞥了一眼看迈克有没有注意到，但是他根本没注意我。
tr	O	露西看向泰拉，并且有很长的停顿。
tr	I	He still had not located the necklace , but Stacy called Darius when she got back home .
tr	O	她根本不应该在挖掘现场，但是她周末路过，所以艾琳允许了。
tr	O	阿里正在回纽约的路上，且劳拉·德雷克安全地藏在我的包里。
tr	I	Zoey 's insides stirred , but the operatives laughed .
tr	O	她的良心感到不安，并且她瞥了一眼梅森。
tr	I	Jackie stepped forward for a closer look and I lifted it out of the sand .
tr	I	Mitch is weaving up the middle , and I barely dodge the opposing center .
tr	I	Her body language spoke volumes , but Brianna didn 't realize it .
tr	O	他想回到西格玛指挥部，但是更重要的是，他想要答案。
tr	O	我知道他们做了一些好事，但是他们在解决冲突方面已经没有任何公信力了。
tr	O	莱利在安娜之前就察觉到了我们，并且他停下来抬头看。
tr	I	He bowed his head to her , and his eyes shone for a moment .
tr	O	塑料碎片在他的拳头里碎裂了，并且他把破碎的残骸扔到了瓷砖地板上。
tr	O	寂静已经超出了令人舒适的程度，而且我感觉有什么事情一定会发生，尽管我不知道是什么。
tr	I	The terms are that you follow all my instructions without question and it starts immediately .
tr	I	Their power supplies low , and their hulls were compromised .
tr	I	Pictured Mom 's dog running through the yard with a pink bow around its neck and I smiled .
tr	O	我的膝盖碰到了柔软的东西，并且他身体一僵，手劲松开。
tr	O	我们轮流洗澡，并且我让她借了我一些衣服。
tr	I	He didn 't let go of my hand , but as though sensing my thoughts , he pulled back .
tr	I	I felt Nick 's arm draped protectively around me and the next morning , the alarm woke me up .
tr	O	他对她的味蕾来说并不令人不快，但是她也不渴望那些带鳞的生物。
tr	I	Together we went to the corridor and I smiled to her .
tr	I	She let everything else vanish , and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	他的眼睛泛着红色，并且他露出了他的獠牙。
tr	I	It took every ounce of my self-control to stay seated , and the urge to rip her hair out twisted inside me .
tr	O	餐桌旁响起了小声的交谈，并且我忙着吃东西。
tr	I	Then he got a cut of the profits , and people paid big bucks to see them fight .
tr	I	Gloria broke in , but the woman started to ask her something .
tr	O	毕竟她的家族史在很大程度上是公开记录，而且他是一名可以查阅所有记录的警长。
tr	O	其中一名士兵，大概是之前在我们门外的那个牛仔，在我翻烤肉饼的时候对我招手，但是我假装不知道。
tr	I	He didn 't really care , and he couldn 't hear what they were saying .
tr	I	It was impressively small yet easy to read but the girl 's writing could never have fit on a grain of rice .
tr	O	她不知道会发生什么，而且她越是思考，就越是意识到她也不知道他期待什么。
tr	O	太阳在他们走路时温暖地照在他们的背上，并且夜晚很温和。
tr	O	我们把所有事情都准备好了，并且他仍然没有看我。
tr	O	米兰达又打电话来了，并且我把注意力转回了人群，知道我应该去找她。
tr	I	I went flying with the fixture into the other room and he leapt out of the way as the chain broke .
tr	O	没错，他一开始就把她卷入了这场混乱，但是至少他还在身边帮她善后。
tr	O	他能让我失去控制，并且我从没有失控过。
tr	O	通常我做事非常认真，但是也许我分心了。
tr	I	It has its logic that I will explain to you one day but it might seem strange .
tr	I	Her face is unreadable and finally she pulls back .
tr	I	She suddenly laughed and her eyes widened .
tr	O	我的声音很轻，并且我的心在跳动。
tr	O	他的手臂从后面环住了我，并且我感觉到他温暖的呼吸拂过我的耳朵。
tr	I	She cuts me off , but I start to react right away .
tr	O	他继续走着，并且我跟着他。
tr	O	当然，我最初并不信任他，但是他从未真正伤害过我。
tr	O	博的目光回到了我身上，并且他露出一个调皮的笑容，让我胃里感到抽搐。
tr	I	More than that was his desire to be near her , to get to know her , but he wanted to warn her about his brother .
tr	O	吉普车熄火了，不用担心起火，但是他仍然想让所有那些爆炸物远离油箱。
tr	O	他的唇找到了她的，并且她叹息着投入最温柔的怀抱中。
tr	I	Nothing happened , but part of me expected the action to spark Armageddon .
tr	I	Perhaps he was politically oriented and Arthur Smith might be wily .
tr	O	这个问题卡在她喉咙里，并且从她沙哑的声音中表现出来。
tr	O	试纸吸了他提取的那滴血，并且显示器发出蜂鸣声表明它已足够。
tr	I	Rid laughed , and Bade growled at Link again .
tr	O	他的舌头深入，并且她的呼吸嘶嘶地逸出。
tr	O	我想表现得幽默些，但是他显然没有看出其中的幽默。
tr	O	治疗师在路上，并且我的兄弟决心要让这些城市免受吸血鬼的侵害。
tr	O	伊沃看着我，并且他的眉毛皱成了困惑的表情。
tr	O	那就是为什么当你邀请她去舞会时她会拒绝，并且那并不能让她成为一个势利的泼妇。
tr	I	We 'll go another round , and get some water .
tr	O	她想和他平起平坐，或者她根本不想要他。
tr	I	His movement stiffened and the man grimaced .
tr	O	你会得意忘形，并且你会伤害我们。
tr	O	道森放下了他的手臂，并且光线变暗了。
tr	O	我没有什么其他可以合理去做的事情了，并且任何我想写的官方故事都被司法冻结了。
tr	I	She felt a strange warmth from him , but she could not understand him .
tr	O	我失了很多血，但是并没有造成太大伤害。
tr	O	我能感觉到眼泪在打转，但是我下定决心不哭。
tr	I	Like hell she 'd let those gun-toting humans see her in all her glory , but normally she wouldn 't worry about her nakedness after shifting .
tr	O	我吻了他，或者他吻了我。
tr	I	The feeling that I failed crushes my chest , but when I step into the sunlight , I breathe freely .
tr	O	我妈妈说她会照看她，但是我讨厌把艾伦拖到那里去。
tr	I	I cannot simply dismiss years of torture , but yes , I know that he was a bit more humble in the changing rooms the day before .
tr	I	Eventually I must have fallen asleep , and I laughed more than I had in ages .
tr	I	Time doesn 't affect us , but we 're fastened to time .
tr	O	犯规太多，并且你就会出局。
tr	I	He sat down again , smiling himself over the shared moment of exhilaration and she rode out of the ring .
tr	O	她的手臂正在恢复正常温度，并且我能感觉到它的脉搏跳动得很快。
tr	O	玛丽安慢慢地从利亚的背上下来，并且利亚慢慢地从恶魔的背上下来。
tr	O	伊森不喜欢被当成傻瓜，并且他当场决定要稳定局势。
tr	I	I kept that closed to keep my tonsils from solidifying , and about the only thing I had exposed beneath my face shield was my mouth .
tr	I	Together they could take on anything , and now she had Quinn beside her .
tr	O	那将意味着她已经放走了史蒂文，并且她曾向自己承诺他们的爱是永恒的。
tr	O	警察问他问题，但是他不能真正说话。
tr	I	Nic cut me a sharp glance , and I asked .
tr	I	He 'd do whatever he could , but he didn 't know what help he j could give her .
tr	O	她在微笑，并且我不确定。
tr	I	It wouldn 't turn but he reached for the knob .
tr	I	She couldn 't tell them they 'd just met , either , but she couldn 't let them believe she was James 's girlfriend .
tr	I	I wasn 't disappointed , and I was under no illusion that working at Mickey B 's would be fun .
tr	I	I make a face and my jaw drops .
tr	O	他们给了他很多可思考的事情，但是已经过了改变话题的时候了。
tr	O	爸爸睡着后我才到这里，并且我起床时他已经走了。
tr	I	I could see his hands were shaking and Cuthbert looked terrified at having to do that .
tr	O	塞尔玛的脸沉了下来，并且她的心沉到了脚底。
tr	O	她的头向后仰，并且她笑了。
tr	O	当然，他想让他的手再往南移，但是那对这个场合来说是极不合适的。
tr	O	到这时太阳已经落山了，并且城市的灯光亮了起来。
tr	I	She did need Allen 's help changing her clothes , but she tended to Angelina as if she were a newborn .
tr	O	您已经履行了您的职责，爵士，并且我感谢您。
tr	I	Both of them knew they would need each other , but he still wasn 't certain what he had given away .
tr	I	She shot up and that got Mandi 's attention .
tr	O	我真希望我们已经到了，但是至少还要再过十五分钟才能抵达我们的目的地。
tr	I	All I could really do was shrug but we exchanged glances .
tr	O	她摇了摇头，试图摆脱那种Darke的感觉，但是一个疑问依然留在她脑中。
tr	I	His stride was quickened with the murmur of the additional townsfolk , and a small assortment of onlookers slowly began to follow which fueled his ever-present ego .
tr	I	A hot , dry wind cut across her as she beat her wings toward the area , but it had been cool in the tunnels .
tr	O	她是惊人的金发，骨瘦如柴，而且她真的不喜欢我。
tr	O	她不想通过电话告知这个消息，并且现在，她不得不去医院。
tr	O	艾萨克迈出了第一步，并且她指向了她脚边的植物。
tr	I	I was now a regular member , representing Lakeshore South , but I was still with the local Space Council .
tr	O	我的眼睛火辣辣的，并且我需要睡觉。
tr	I	Rock 's ex was still in town and I hadn 't realized the lovely stewardess .
tr	I	I didn 't want anything happening to him and Sam was a good kid .
tr	O	他的眼下出现了阴影，并且我知道他没有得到多少休息。
tr	I	A small frown puckered his brow and Marcus glanced up .
tr	I	She moaned his name out loud and he took her breasts by surprise .
tr	O	凯莉的背脊一阵发凉，并且她再次环顾四周寻找那个鬼魂。
tr	O	这听起来可能很疯狂，但是我有点希望佐伊能当毕业生代表，而不是我。
tr	O	她猜他身高超过六英尺，但是压迫她的却是他存在的那种纯粹的支配感。
tr	O	她周围的箱子开始晃动，并且她看到他的身形变得有点透明。
tr	I	Over her desperate breathing , she heard a man cry out in pain before silence descended , and Air agonizingly returned to her lungs .
tr	O	我知道我们不会那样死去，但是我敢打赌那还是痛得要命。
tr	I	Strangely , that calmed me down a little , and I heard his rapid heartbeat , pounding against my ear .
tr	O	如果有更多那样的袭击，人们会想要复仇，并且那意味着惩罚路易斯安那州的压力。
tr	I	He couldn 't place it , but the name sounded vaguely familiar .
tr	O	他的账单远远超过了他的收入，并且他的家人将一无所有。
tr	I	She doubted they were clever enough to have drugged that , and that was more than enough to keep her hydrated .
tr	O	她解开了他牛仔裤上的纽扣，并且她的手指接着抓住了拉链。
tr	O	她的双手紧握着一根三英尺长的木头，那木头像棒球棒一样架在她的肩上，并且她已经准备好挥动了。
tr	O	他可能是在开玩笑，但是尼尔还是点了点头。
tr	I	Kyoto picks up where he left off and Messick fills his coffee cup as well .
tr	I	For a second I thought maybe I was dying , too , and I 'd heard about stuff like that on TV shows .
tr	I	When I needed him most , he disappeared , but Geist is my only confidante .
tr	O	我不太确定那是什么意思，但是我并不傻。
tr	I	They did not see , but his eyes were open .
tr	O	棕色的眉毛下，绿色的眼睛盯着我，并且更薄的嘴唇弯成一个微笑。
tr	O	汗水顺着他的脖子往下流，并且他用蹄子敲击着沙地。
tr	I	His verbal score was atrocious , but he missed two math problems .
tr	I	I knew where a guy had to come to make you pregnant , but maybe I hadn 't known about antibiotics interacting with birth control pills .
tr	I	I closed my eyes to keep the tears from escaping , and my lip quivered .
tr	O	她感到一滴眼泪落在脸颊上，并且她的头发已经变得苍白。
tr	O	我能感觉到眼泪开始涌出，并且如果我开始了我就停不下来了。
tr	O	我没有要求这个，但是我不会逃避它！
tr	I	It was happening and this was real .
tr	O	我不知道我曾经是谁，但是我现在不喜欢被任何人吓倒的感觉。
tr	O	他的头从桌上抬起，并且他的锐利目光刺向了她。
tr	O	他显然想表现得若无其事，但是我能听出其中的伤痛。
tr	O	我想让她告诉我真相，但是不幸的是，我失去理智了。
tr	I	You 're taking it out on me , like it 's somehow my fault , and you can 't write .
tr	I	Radio phones were everywhere and he didn 't care for this modern era .
tr	I	She shook her head , but she flushed with pleasure when I called her that .
tr	O	她故意穿上白色蕾丝，希望能引诱他，并且她因他的反应而生自己的气多过生他的气。
tr	I	They 'd never missed a game , and Vaughn had played team sports throughout his four years in high school .
tr	I	It 's only to keep him on track , but Alaska Bishop may take something every few days .
tr	I	With each passing word his smile grew , and as he read it , he found himself smiling .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember why , but she was angry with him .
tr	O	这开始让Chewy听起来非常熟悉，并且他听着颤抖起来。
tr	O	瑞秋的头上下晃动了几下，并且我饶有兴致地看着她。
tr	O	它似乎是一个男人，但是她无法太确定。
tr	I	It made her feel better to thwart him in some small way but it was a small , cowardly action .
tr	I	His body flew out and I see the hollow emptiness of space as the hatch door opened .
tr	O	我听见他了，但是我不回应。
tr	O	原来的女主人带着另外三人进来了，但是她们没有拿着我们的食物。
tr	I	He didn 't deserve to be murdered , but I know Max was an annoying man .
tr	I	They were blood red and she opened her eyes .
tr	O	狗叫声现在更近了，并且他可以毫不费力地确定它的方向。
tr	O	它有一个提供少量遮蔽的小屋檐，但是它没有杰奎琳预期的那么糟。
tr	I	Their partner had to coax them to their side by pretending to offer them food and one person flew around like a bat .
tr	O	烧伤痕迹周围的皮肤没有他身体其他部位那么发光，但是那种气体确实具有治愈特性。
tr	O	她却在某件事上撒了谎，并且他需要知道。
tr	O	我知道我想要一些像你们两个所拥有的东西，并且我还不确定我是否已经找到它。
tr	O	你不想相信它，但是他会。
tr	O	Bobo那天早上在工作，并且他又一次显得很沮丧。
tr	I	She 's not pushy with it , but she 's absolutely oozing sex appeal !
tr	O	他们可能是一家国际航空公司，但是他们感觉就像一家当地的公交公司。
tr	O	你对我的帮助超乎你的想象，并且我甚至不值得你这样做。
tr	I	Dad sat on my right , and Jayden sat beside me while his parents sat across from us .
tr	I	He drew her closer in his embrace , and she hugged him , anxious because of his seriousness .
tr	O	我们应该为大家准备早餐，并且我需要确保我轮班。
tr	I	I saw it as clearly as I could see through a glass of water but he was trying to make me feel better .
tr	O	一声雷鸣响起，并且道道闪电划过世界的边缘。
tr	O	加雷斯对此摇了摇头，但是当格温瞥了他一眼时，他正在微笑。
tr	I	She cried so and it stung Adelle .
tr	I	His friend Tony was driving and Austen , that was his name , was sleeping in the passenger seat .
tr	O	艾什没有停下，但是枪也没有响。
tr	O	我今天早上才离开他，然而我却如此想念艾丹的热情。
tr	O	她想看向除了他之外的任何地方，但是她无法阻止自己将目光抬向他。
tr	I	The stories began and he was the center of attention until after the eating was done .
tr	I	Bill had his poker face on but the dealer looked at him again .
tr	O	我裹紧了身上的羊毛衫，努力不让牙齿打颤，在他打开我的车门，我下了车时。
tr	O	我们已经试穿了两次，但是伊丽莎白坚持让我两次都蒙上眼睛。
tr	O	一株海带向上蜿蜒生长，并且一道冷光，像萤光素一样，触及了它的顶端。
tr	O	这种失望似乎在球员和观众中都引起了共鸣，并且特罗特斯队（博尔顿漫步者队）开始比赛。
tr	O	这些土地对他来说比迪士尼乐园对孩子更令人兴奋，尤其是在夜深了，布奇也走了的时候。
tr	I	Once it started it came out easily , and this time the piece moved .
tr	I	The results were equally powerful , but even with the amulet to help , it still required a lot of power .
tr	O	我读过一些书，将英雄比作罗马硬币上的人脸，但是我保证它们之中没有一本能比得上文森特。
tr	O	她现在正蹲着，并且我看到一摊深色的液体在她周围的压实泥地上蔓延开来。
tr	O	丁娜看着他，并且当埃里克走向女巫的看台时，她的眼睛闪烁着怒火。
tr	O	门开了，并且伊丽莎白·曼宁走出了房子。
tr	O	他的目光向上移动，并且他怀疑地环顾四周。
tr	O	他们认出了一个真朋友，并且现在，他也认出了。
tr	I	Payton was ready to counter the attack , and the Spear Strike was launched .
tr	I	It seems that it was not the right time but she thought of bringing the matter .
tr	I	It was a killer , but it may not have killed the man left in the park the night before .
tr	I	His rage didn 't lessen , but Cameron let go of her .
tr	O	轮到托里获得他的关注了，并且她是他必须拯救的人。
tr	I	It echoed through the gymnasium and his laugh was deep .
tr	I	That helped , and she was working out of the house .
tr	I	It occurred to him that they might not like questions at this time , but he would have liked to have asked .
tr	I	The attack fell silent and an overpowering burst of energy shot out from somewhere .
tr	I	Bob Jenkins thought he heard barely controlled terror in that voice ... but Brian 's voice , coming through the speakers , sounded calm .
tr	I	I wondered all the same ... but he had slept with Fade .
tr	O	我感觉自己仿佛站在悬崖边上，并且有一阵凉风恨不得把我推下去。
tr	O	香农没有罗伊那么高，但是她足够高，以至于这不成问题。
tr	O	塞尔登本想断然否认这一点，并且在另一个时候他会的。
tr	O	Pop走到门口，并且我打开了放着我钱包的抽屉。
tr	I	At least I said it , but he doesn 't even turn his head .
tr	O	他有那个权利，并且他可能甚至不知道自己有多么正确。
tr	I	He lives in fear of a British counter attack , and Rousseau is sick to his stomach for much the rest of the day .
tr	I	Everything was beginning to make sense , and Courtney was waking up now .
tr	O	他试图吞咽，但是他的喉咙很干。
tr	O	灯光闪绿了，并且格雷迪又开始蹬车。
tr	O	我一直在喊你，但是你没有来。
tr	O	他不确定是否喜欢帕姆，但是他无法将目光从她身上移开。
tr	O	我推他，并且他纹丝不动。
tr	O	我知道学校不是很大，但是那是我唯一的借口。
tr	O	没什么可看的，并且我不想思考。
tr	I	The feeling was apparently mutual and he couldn 't get enough of her .
tr	O	疲劳被肾上腺素取代了，并且我的步伐自然而然地加快了。
tr	I	He was quiet , but Little Judas knew .
tr	I	I shook my head and Zane studied my face .
tr	I	His phone screen turned green , and the numbers settled into a pattern .
tr	I	I listened as intently as I could from the hal way , and the professor had already begun class .
tr	O	我想我可能完全错过了那辆底层巴士，但是我真的很想看海狮。
tr	O	他吻她，仿佛他在乎，并且她直到现在的人生中，这样被爱的经历太少了。
tr	I	She didn 't feel like fighting anymore and she didn 't care about anything anymore .
tr	I	His hair stood on end , and he hadn 't shaved in days .
tr	I	He hadn 't wanted to think it , but he should have guessed when he saw Andrew here .
tr	I	His elderly cronies eyed him suspiciously , and Alonso looked around the room quickly .
tr	I	I didn 't move towards him and he didn 't move towards me .
tr	O	他可以穿过她，并且她感觉不到他。
tr	I	I paused to give her a backward glance , but I started to climb out .
tr	I	She sensed his every footstep , yet she could not see him .
tr	O	这是真的，并且我们都知道。
tr	I	I know they 're not for me , but I 'm not sure exactly what they do in those classrooms over there on the mainland .
tr	O	他的眼睛是棕色的，并且他的头发是黑色的。
tr	O	这看起来像是一起有组织的绑架，并且巧合太大了。
tr	I	Her expression became serious , and she looked at him .
tr	I	I never saw him at lunch , and he was never in the halls .
tr	I	It still came out cold , but Erin kept her voice steady .
tr	I	He shoves me back , and I thump him playfully .
tr	O	似乎他不可能嫉妒，但是一个甚至更黑暗的想法开始浮现。
tr	I	She didn 't care , but her math was off .
tr	I	I cringe from his closeness and Nicholas sits down beside me .
tr	O	她没有答案，而且就目前而言，这只是一个没有讨论价值的问题。
tr	I	It was weird sharing it with middle-aged males , but I knew that look .
tr	O	他们奋力拉着挽具，并且雪橇飞驰而去。
tr	O	我五岁的时候，我母亲回学校读书了，并且她成为了一名护士。
tr	I	They were really about me , but they were supposed to be for him .
tr	O	莱托没有完全抬起头，但是她睁大眼睛看向普罗米修斯。
tr	I	It 's really my only marketable skill , and I want to use it while I have it .
tr	I	He clapped his hands together with glee , and she glared up at the earl though .
tr	O	我从没有一天不喝酒，但是这并不能说明我有自制力。
tr	O	她的嘴唇颤抖着，并且她打了个寒颤。
tr	I	The temperature instantly started to rise and he shut the door behind them .
tr	O	当时是凌晨三点，而且阿隆佐从两点就醒了。
tr	O	它现在更老了，更成熟了，但是它是伦敦。
tr	O	他走向她，并且她又后退了一步。
tr	I	He took as much of each breast in as he could , suckling , licking , biting until she moaned heavily and she arched into his mouth .
tr	I	He made a change , and he was a single man .
tr	O	每个人都想知道她在圣殿下的洞穴里看到了什么，并且她只能描述模糊声音的能力普遍令人不满。
tr	I	The rail lurched forward , and bolts began to pull .
tr	O	我抓住了她的手，并且我们留下了一条闪光的痕迹，通向图书馆后面角落里的一张僻静的桌子。
tr	I	I hear smacking noises I wish I hadn 't heard , and she pauses for a moment .
tr	O	地面已经干了，并且没有任何迹象表明当天早上早些时候发生过洪水。
tr	O	他看起来和其他人一样，但是关于他，有些东西让人感到不安。
tr	I	The girls all knew better , but Danni wished it was that easy .
tr	O	过去几天太紧张了，并且很高兴看到他那张笑脸。
tr	I	She could only watch dumbly as he walked away from her , and he touched her cheek tenderly in a last salute .
tr	O	她的声音在句子末尾消失了，并且她开始喘气，努力地呼吸。
tr	I	You can doubt it or if you have a feeling , you can trust it .
tr	O	她已经拖着那东西多久了，并且她差点就失控了？
tr	O	我试图把目光移开，但是我吓坏了。
tr	I	It was only after hanging up that Jeremy realized he hadn 't said the words in return , and Lexie was quiet on the other end .
tr	O	墙壁破裂了，并且眼泪涌了出来。
tr	I	One he quickly hoped to disband by finding something else to talk about , and it was not a pleasant feeling in the least .
tr	I	Certainly she understood , and Margaret Beaufort had listened to Matthew with care .
tr	I	I was a mass of tension , but I continued what I was doing .
tr	O	我冲进他怀里，并且他紧紧地抱住了我。
tr	O	这本不应该令人惊讶，但是它以自己的方式的确如此。
tr	O	九月末的天气仍然很暖和，但是清晨让它成为了一次愉快的散步。
tr	O	阿曼达属于光明，并且他属于黑暗。
tr	O	哈斯勒越来越虚弱，伊森越来越强壮，并且随着每一次出拳，造成更大伤害的需求呈指数级增长。
tr	I	They quickly crossed over to the production facility and the resistance from below the catwalk was light .
tr	I	They 'd all gone inside , shutting up the doors just as tight as they could , and it was the first really hot night that summer .
tr	I	I was shocked to realize how much she was growing up , and she was taller than Meena .
tr	I	Loop earrings dangle from her ears , and the Banshee enters , wearing a long , velvet , maroon dress , her hair done up .
tr	O	杰斯仍然能听到音乐，并且那些歌词现在已经深深印在她的脑海里了。
tr	I	He stopped her but she looked like she was ready to go .
tr	O	她打开了车门，并且雪花便充满了车厢。
tr	O	蔡斯的目光与她的相遇，并且她决定他需要知道真相。
tr	I	Those green eyes were no longer hideous , but the stranger 's face was deathly white .
tr	I	That was just plain bad on so many levels and that meant she had to be the real thing .
tr	O	加勒特正专注地盯着她，并且她特意不去看他。
tr	I	Of course we need to check , but I think it wears off after a few months .
tr	I	She couldn 't let go , but she felt so weak , so exhausted .
tr	O	我安静了一分钟，一边思考着那件事，并且我根本不在乎。
tr	O	我感觉自由了，但是当然我并没有。
tr	I	They wandered over and the other four at the barn heard the commotion .
tr	I	In an abundance of counselors there is safety , but -- Where there is no guidance , a people falls .
tr	O	“我该走了，”他终于说道，站了起来，但是他站起来时却没有离开她。
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around her and Leah sat next to him .
tr	O	她为自己的窥探行为感到内疚，但是她必须让自己放心。
tr	O	风暴过后体验他爱的奇迹让她难以承受，并且泪水顺着她的脸颊流了下来。
tr	O	我不想表现出来，但是我很高兴我得到了那次休息。
tr	I	He cared about them , and they were his friends .
tr	I	I stopped drinking for a moment and it was unbelievably attractive .
tr	I	I find myself smiling naturally and the children continue to caper about .
tr	O	他轻轻弯腰，伸出手，并且立刻纤纤玉指落入他的掌心。
tr	I	Rohr paid him cash bonuses when he landed a particularly good case , and he received a salary for his investigating .
tr	O	我抓起我的钥匙，并且当我快要出门的时候，妈妈又叫我了。
tr	O	普雷斯顿的话旨在打破沉默，但是那却只让马库斯的眼睛怒火中烧。
tr	I	They wanted to send her there , and they thought the dormitories a terrible place to live ?
tr	O	我仅存的一点力气也离开了身体，并且我屈服于他的怀抱。
tr	O	剑士们后退了，并且聚集的人群恐慌地尖叫起来，随着关于这个发现的消息传开。
tr	I	Chairs were distributed in a neat circle , and lights were on in the rehearsal room .
tr	O	杰森露出了一个性感又带点好笑的笑容，并且我完全不再想掌掴蒂芙了。
tr	I	I swear the big beast may have smiled , and Max turned to me .
tr	I	Even that seemed to be falling into place , but the other half of Amanda 's time Laura would have to make arrangements for .
tr	O	我不怎么认识他，但是他一直是我父亲的律师。
tr	I	I hoped that Sally would be exhausted , too , and I was exhausted .
tr	O	他获得了奖学金，但是当马特生病时，他不得不申请延期。
tr	I	I turned around , and a voice asked .
tr	O	我的目光与他相遇，并且尽管他显得很担忧，我仍惊讶于他没有显得不知所措。
tr	I	She knew it worked -- had worked , but Claire didn 't really understand it .
tr	O	米马斯猛地抬起头，并且她开始移开。
tr	O	她有小小的黑色眼睛，像纽扣一样从光秃的眉毛下往外看，并且她的鼻子扁平，只有很小的缝隙作鼻孔。
tr	O	他一直专注于它，并且链条在他的衬衫下移动得更快。
tr	I	Even if someone had , they would have put her father out , but Eva could not imagine that anyone could steal the car so quickly .
tr	O	一张扶手椅上搭着一条毯子，并且我抓起它裹在身上。
tr	O	来了很多男人，但是没有人有那样的故事。
tr	O	这是闻所未闻的，并且这是亵渎。
tr	O	我需要再告诉你一个令人震惊的消息，而且这可能会真的让你大吃一惊。
tr	O	如果我把它摔了，它就会碎裂，并且这种与我父亲生活的相似让我感到恐惧。
tr	O	枕头很软，并且我把脸颊埋了进去。
tr	O	我的课上得不好，而且我不想给她提供更多把柄。
tr	O	父母可能认为自己是老板，但是最终制定规则的是孩子们。
tr	O	来自那三个家伙的怒火令人恐惧，而且它甚至不是冲着我来的。
tr	O	猎人们分头朝三个方向走去，并且熊跟着最近的那个。
tr	I	I welcomed sleep and I closed my eyes .
tr	I	It would take me to them and I would just follow my nose .
tr	I	If he did , it was never in my presence , or my father never cried .
tr	I	Suddenly he felt a little foolish for donning a pair of expensive white trainers for their jaunt , and Ryan did .
tr	O	她曾梦想拥有自己的地方，但是时机似乎从未对过。
tr	O	事实上，几乎我们所有的邻居都挂上了灯饰，除了我们，但是我爸爸从来就不喜欢庆祝这个节日。
tr	O	她对最新的家居时尚并不了解，但是房间里的家具无疑是一流的。
tr	O	感觉我回到了学校，但是我却坐在了老师的位子上。
tr	I	He drew her even closer , but they were quite close already .
tr	O	这让我心痛，但是我仍然想看。
tr	I	They wanted to wait another day to prepare , but they were to go after him as a group .
tr	I	It was useless to her without bullets , but the gun felt heavy in her hand .
tr	O	一声压抑的惊讶声从他喉咙里发出，并且他的手指在洗发水瓶上滑了一下。
tr	I	The women of court would probably describe him as handsome , in a rugged sort of way , and he has charisma .
tr	O	戴蒙曾提过他认为这里有多少人，但是我记不起具体数量了。
tr	I	I was surprised to find that fear had replaced some , not all , of the boulder of inflexibility , and my gaze flickered to hers .
tr	O	我的手臂起了一身鸡皮疙瘩，而且我突然产生了一些对高中自助餐厅来说完全不合时宜的幻象。
tr	O	她找不到自己的声音，但是她勉强地点了点头。
tr	I	He 'd be sure to take her with him , but he 'd leave Genesis .
tr	I	In the morning she was gone , and she was only there one night .
tr	O	她不想让夜晚结束，但是诺埃尔的舒适是第一位的。
tr	I	You can hardly wait to get back and you nearly died on that stupid aircraft carrier .
tr	O	他知道这是对的，但是他仍然抗拒。
tr	I	The light moved forward and the voice laughed .
tr	I	The wal I had learned to form around my feelings had long been routine , but Jared 's whereabouts lingered in the forefront of my mind .
tr	I	I shook my head and his eyes looked worried .
tr	O	我沿着他的下巴抚摸，并且他的眼睛在我触摸时睁开了。
tr	I	The stitches looked good , and the swelling on his cheek was going down now .
tr	I	On Nicole I make sure she feels all of my strength , but I knew it wasn 't hurting him .
tr	O	我不知道他们的名字，而且我真的不需要知道。
tr	O	警卫跟着她，并且门砰地关上了。
tr	I	Henry played the waiter and I was the chef .
tr	I	I still felt Penelope on the bed beside me , but I heard the door click shut .
tr	O	不选择，并且他们都会死。
tr	I	Three feet of clean snow has buried it and the city 's knocked to pieces .
tr	O	许多人失业了，而且甚至更多人挨饿。
tr	I	Stars danced in my vision , and my head started to pound .
tr	I	His nostrils flared with the need to take , claim , possess , and he scented her arousal from here .
tr	O	一组必须统治，并且另一组必须服务。
tr	I	Now she was passing it on , a rite of passage and it was the line she heard from countless mothers when she was expecting .
tr	I	It slid easily and I gave it an experimental push .
tr	O	巴克斯特需要帮助，但是只要他继续撒谎，他就无法得到那种正确的帮助。
tr	O	她是一名行人，并且在她能报警之前，如果她有此意，他就会离开了。
tr	O	那是一个脆弱的、歇斯底里的小声笑，并且那让克莱尔吓得魂不附体。
tr	O	她会冒她的生命危险，但是她不会冒我的危险。
tr	I	Mac passed them as well and other soldiers were running .
tr	I	I tried to figure out why , and I knew my face was flaming .
tr	I	His French at last got through , but his English was not understood .
tr	I	It was nice , but it was weird .
tr	O	我非常想知道宝宝的性别，并且艾米只是想确保我们的宝宝每只手只有五根手指。
tr	I	It 's November , but it is cold .
tr	I	She smiles knowingly at me , but the secretary is unfamiliar .
tr	I	I looked to the ground and he walked slowly toward me .
tr	I	His heart kept him standing there but he knew in his mind he should .
tr	O	他灰色的眼睛打断了我对他身体的审视，并且当他意识到时，他得意地笑了。
tr	O	你的男孩们可能不知道如何获取信息，但是我清楚。
tr	I	I crawl into the back and she pushes the seat up .
tr	O	她又笑了，并且他也回以微笑。
tr	I	His stress fade , and arriving on the island , he felt his muscles relax .
tr	I	At least she was , or she 's a dark witch .
tr	O	我看着卡莉，并且我们开始了我们的计划。
tr	I	We 'll know if someone here really is behind this conspiracy and I might catch that vibe .
tr	I	He doesn 't answer my question either , but Matt looks over at me , his face searching mine .
tr	I	His teeth clenched and his face was red .
tr	I	While sore , her foot was unmarked , but she 'd stepped on something hard-edged on the floor .
tr	I	Motion for him to get a move on and I move aside .
tr	O	她那褐色的眼睛看起来很惊恐，并且她正在啃指甲边。
tr	O	我的手机响了，并且我瞥了一眼看到了布雷登的号码。
tr	I	My knees nearly gave away , and Heat shot up my spine .
tr	O	仅仅看到他的名字就引起了一阵轻微的颤动，并且我想到一旦发布的东西会永远留在互联网的虚空中。
tr	O	我知道我应该做什么，但是我需要鼓起勇气去做。
tr	O	我很害怕，并且我会推开任何人来和你保持一致。
tr	O	一个辉煌的景象抓住了托比，或者我应该说文森佐。
tr	I	It was all I had ever known before Uganda , but I may not have had the best home life .
tr	I	Each time came home with items they could sell and they started going out more .
tr	O	音乐一直播放着欢快的节拍，并且烤排骨的香味弥漫着浓郁的香气。
tr	I	He shut off the engine and we pulled into the driveway .
tr	I	I can 't tell if it means anything significant , but her face smooths out when I say his name .
tr	I	Was considered to be the peacemaker of the bunch and he was an innocent looking heartthrob .
tr	I	All seemed to be well and here I could put layer upon layer of magic on the pages I wrote .
tr	I	Whatever it was that now looked at her , it was not Captain Janus and he met Amara 's gaze .
tr	I	The other women of the keep and T is the truth I 've never had dearer friends than you .
tr	O	丽比绝望地喊着，但是没有人听。
tr	O	他向我逼近，并且我尖叫着，向他挥舞着。
tr	I	I think he missed being on the stage and he loved to perform .
tr	I	A living smell , but actually , it wasn 't really a food smell at all .
tr	I	My body would not cooperate , but I tried to struggle against the pressure .
tr	O	当我意识到这一点时，我心里有什么东西断裂了，并且我站了起来。
tr	I	Myles had been home alone , and Marley had also stayed with her maternal relatives at the end of the summer .
tr	O	他父亲可能吃那一套冷幽默，但是他休想在我面前蒙混过关。
tr	I	There was a green smell like moss , and the cool rose gently off the water .
tr	I	I felt horrible for bringing her here and her shoulders shook .
tr	O	他看不清他们的脸，但是从他们的体型来看，他们是不会错认的。
tr	O	索菲亚用另一只手的手指轻轻抚摸着虫子的背直到它的翅膀颤动了一下，并且它飞到了窗台上。
tr	I	His moves are sluggish but his holds up a finger as if attempting to tell me off .
tr	I	My heart nearly stops , and a face slams against my window .
tr	O	我们才刚刚团聚，但是我能感觉到我们的羁绊正在加深。
tr	O	他想问关于能看见鬼魂的这份天赋，但是他不敢开口提这个话题。
tr	O	这比我想象的更耗费精力，并且我发现自己上气不接下气。
tr	O	我的脸颊发热，并且我开始了一段典型的演讲，感觉热度随着每句话语而增强。
tr	I	I held his gaze , trying to offer some sort of silent comfort and walking back to his horse , Nikolas reached up to help me down .
tr	I	There would be a small war in the nation 's capital , but not a hint of it would ever surface in any newspaper .
tr	O	如果我不这样做，我就不得不打他，而且我真的想在他被我打之前听到他的故事。
tr	I	Europeans loved their hair , and my talents were vast .
tr	O	我实际上感受不到它们，但是我能感知到它们。
tr	O	我有时间思考过了，并且我相信我知道发生了什么。
tr	I	She wondered , but she never pushed him .
tr	O	我曾希望也许我已经把它送回去了，但是它不在这里。
tr	O	我狠狠地咬住他的手，并且他痛叫一声，松开了我。
tr	I	It was a veneer with particle board but they looked like wood .
tr	O	我对瑞秋做出了承诺，并且我绝不会违背它。
tr	O	斯隆启动了她的弹射器，并且我不得不躲闪，以免铅笔击中我的额头。
tr	O	你把钱凑齐，并且我们明天会在约定地点见面。
tr	O	人群因叫喊声而骚动，并且我闭上眼睛，享受他们恐惧的浪潮。
tr	I	Its character was permanently altered , but I could go there again .
tr	O	她真希望能是她错了，并且女仆能以某种方式证明自己清白。
tr	O	我感到窒息，但是至少我感到强大。
tr	O	他无法否认她的沉默寡言，近乎秘密，让他不安，并且他设法查出的事情却不尽合理。
tr	I	There is the wall to be repaired and there are many bodies to go into the Bosphorus .
tr	I	I realized the grandfather clock had stopped beating , and a strange silence settled in between the shadows .
tr	O	他皱起了眉头，并且然后他抬起头看着我们。
tr	O	在她来不及思考之前，一种明显的欢迎之情点亮了她的目光，但是很快她的眼睛又变得警惕起来。
tr	O	她坚持说她不需要它们，但是我还是让她戴上了，以防万一。
tr	O	捡起来后，她试图打开那个东西，但是它被锁住了。
tr	I	It pointed toward the wall , but I glanced at my tether .
tr	O	门开了，并且尤达大师蹒跚着走进现在寂静的房间。
tr	O	我不认识他，但是我这辈子从未如此高兴地见到任何人。
tr	O	她就是在那儿清理了她继父除了他自己不让任何人骑的那匹马的马厩。
tr	I	Suddenly there was no space between them , and Ty 's laugh turned into a growl .
tr	I	He knew they were about to have company , but he felt the whisper of energy rather than heard footsteps .
tr	O	它不会持续很久，但是它也不需要。
tr	I	Suddenly he was frozen in place and as he did so , his clothing brushed against the uprights on either side of him .
tr	I	I totally admit it , and I was wrong .
tr	I	It surely wasn 't what she got , but Helen did not really know what reaction she expected .
tr	I	I was so tired from the day and I had warmed up under my covers .
tr	O	贾斯敏试探性地接过了电话，但是对话很简短。
tr	O	两名乘客自愿了，而且四人通过随机抽选被取消了座位。
tr	O	艾萨克顽皮的笑容扩大了，并且他拔腿跑向通往房子后面池塘的树林。
tr	I	Zoe was on the offensive now , but that seemed to mollify our dad .
tr	O	楼梯由抛光石材制成，呈台阶状，并且它通向一个大得令人难以置信的客厅，那里有一个巨大的穹顶天花板。
tr	O	所有科技助手机器人都被编程为远离秘密工作室，但是没有人费心对尼洛采取这样的预防措施。
tr	O	他试图对着飞船大喊，但是发出的却只是嘶哑的声音。
tr	O	诚然，四十块钱不算多，但是那本可以是一张巴士票。
tr	I	Her curiosity about that light coaxed her on , but she might be risking more by coming into this dark alley than by returning to her room .
tr	O	我这辈子被枪击过一次，而且我不打算让那种事再次发生。
tr	I	I was exhausted , and my eyes were heavy .
tr	I	She refused to cry out , but tears swam in her eyes .
tr	I	The temptation was too great to disregard , and it could be the last time she ever touched him .
tr	I	Her breath caught and her heart stalled .
tr	O	那是一种可能性，但是他无法想象吸血鬼会感到悲伤。
tr	I	I looked back at him squarely , but my gaze had gone a little glassy with my thoughts .
tr	O	他曾与麦克反复协作才能理解的知识。
tr	O	没有什么能让她分心，并且没有什么来之不易。
tr	I	There are none , but moving my hands , I lift the top of my costume slightly to see if there are any marks .
tr	O	他把艾斯利放到火炉旁的长椅上，并且她无力地挥了挥手。
tr	O	我仍然不知道该说什么，而且我的心跳得太快以至于我几乎无法呼吸。
tr	I	She didn 't feel the usual weakness , and the sunlight was warm on her skin .
tr	I	It was obviously not a painting , but it was just the front piece .
tr	O	他们喜欢水，并且我们不喜欢。
tr	O	任何冲突都需要迅速解决，或者他们将不得不求助于常规武器。
tr	O	很快太阳就会落到山后，并且气温会骤降。
tr	I	She wanted him almost beyond imagining , yet he hadn 't really touched her .
tr	O	她知道这让他很恼火，但是这不是故意的。
tr	I	Still they acted though there was none and they knew there was danger .
tr	I	Tonight it was almost cloudless and he liked watching the sky .
tr	I	Tears filled his eyes and Lou took several steps back .
tr	O	卢克什么也没承诺，但是至少他愿意。
tr	O	男人用力地点了点头，但是那是个错误。
tr	I	Our lives are your property , and now you know about us .
tr	O	我往里看，看到一个女孩，但是她不是活的。
tr	I	You were almost forced to look into them and they took in every detail .
tr	I	She frowned , and then she realized it was a graze .
tr	I	Everyone was buzzing as they watched her work , and by then the school was filling with students .
tr	O	他没有咧嘴笑，但是我能看出他在忍着。
tr	O	我不会对此撒谎……，但是我想要在这方面帮忙。
tr	O	她伸出手，并且阿梅丽再一次任由自己被触碰。
tr	I	I like to think I can take some personal credit for having pounded the basics of English into you , and I 've read all your books .
tr	I	Other than that , the rest of me felt OK , but the back of my head throbbed with a dull ache .
tr	I	Her already pale face whitened that much more , and her eyes widened .
tr	O	她的嘴巴微微张开，并且她茫然地看了我几秒钟。
tr	O	森林里的声音开始安静下来，并且很快男人们就觉得他们一无所获。
tr	I	She quickly decided to accept , but Theresa , too , was a little surprised .
tr	O	该区域有三处安全屋，但是那些通常需要向议会报备。
tr	I	In front of us , Casey , now sitting by herself , didn 't even look my way , and beside me , Liza shifted uncomfortably .
tr	O	那只鸟已经完成了它的任务，但是我们需要清除她身后的恶魔。
tr	I	She felt she owed him some honesty regardless of the risks , but it might be safer to try to lie to him .
tr	O	精品咖啡豆的香气充满了厨房，并且我端着一杯热气腾腾的咖啡走进了我的家庭办公室。
tr	I	You played hard , yet you were feminine .
tr	O	已经过去几周了，并且它仍然显得超现实。
tr	O	他猛地撞向她，并且疼痛是难以忍受的。
tr	I	We were all up for the walk , but the station was a half mile away .
tr	O	她头痛，并且她很疲惫。
tr	I	He jerked to his right , and something moved in the hallway .
tr	O	它就完全停下来了，并且我喜欢那种感觉。
tr	O	她穿着黑色皮高跟鞋拐进了走廊，并且我默默地跟在后面，不相信自己现在能说出任何话。
tr	I	I have no idea how to begin , but it 's my chance to ask him what 's up with that woman .
tr	O	它把一只手臂举到嘴边，并且一长串烟雾随之而来。
tr	I	I can 't help myself , but I know it 's wrong .
tr	O	他仍然被按在墙上，但是我需要他能够呼吸。
tr	I	He holds my gaze and I glance at him .
tr	O	她说着，捋了捋头发，并且我看出她的恼怒并非是认真的。
tr	O	现在，将滚珠从一根手指滚到另一根手指，并且你会发现你必须适应碗的弧度。
tr	O	她齐肩的黑发盘了起来，增添了一丝成熟气息，并且她的深色眼妆让她看起来比她二十二岁更老。
tr	I	It added character to his face , and it was just part of him .
tr	O	滞留在半空中，男孩交叉双臂，但是即将来临的打击无论如何都会结束他的生命。
tr	O	也许他只是天真，或者也许他不想相信。
tr	O	它让我捧腹大笑，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	我试图问她是否还好，但是我得到的只是一片茫然的眼神。
tr	I	I 'm left repeating my story , hoping it doesn 't sound rehearsed , and the ambulance takes the old woman away .
tr	I	He laughed and I asked .
tr	O	我受到氧气生产的限制，但是我现在非常兴奋，所以我愿意动用我一半的储备。
tr	O	我甚至不必多喝一口，并且也没人会注意到。
tr	I	He looks adorable and he 's grinning at me .
tr	I	I am here to offer my services , but you do not have to allow it , of course .
tr	O	她的一部分思想正在努力拼凑这个谜题，但是缺失的碎片太多了。
tr	O	阿米拉觉得自己想要相信他，并且她努力抑制住这种冲动。
tr	O	这可能会发生，但是这很罕见。
tr	O	我对此负责，并且我辜负了它。
tr	O	霍华德也收购了那家公司，并且他让创始人作为顾问留任了一年。
tr	I	I jumped out of the pickup , and we parked in the driveway without pulling around back .
tr	I	It was on fire and she put her hand on Savannah 's side .
tr	O	他的眼睛猛然睁开，并且他后退了一步。
tr	O	她最喜欢的狙击步枪静候着，并且她习惯性地检查了一下。
tr	I	I really don 't think he actually does , and he never has .
tr	O	他手中的火把几乎没有火焰了，并且几个幽影挡住了他，使他无法靠近火墙。
tr	I	I heard a sharp intake of breath , and his hand tightened on the steering wheel .
tr	I	She shoved with all her might and she grabbed Leander Jack 's violin .
tr	O	我再次抬头，希望能从倒影中看到多诺万，但是只有我自己失望的脸盯着我。
tr	O	我不想冒险，并且她受伤了。
tr	O	会有足够的空间，并且他们很乐意接纳她。
tr	O	她将我保持在手臂的距离来审视我，并且我愉快地也审视着她。
tr	I	They might catch him somewhere , but Cowboy was gone .
tr	O	赛奇还在说话，并且她强迫自己去听。
tr	I	To be available whenever the visitors arrived but her mother had warned her not to gad about .
tr	I	I had no intention of letting her go and I held her as close as I could .
tr	O	她有一个丈夫、孩子、一个家，但是，在人生旅途中，她迷失了自我。
tr	O	她的眼睛睁得很大，并且她狂野地环顾四周。
tr	O	僵尸很难被杀死，但是对它们没有银弹。
tr	I	Dawn crept in slowly , and the curtains were drawn .
tr	I	Home for me is wherever you are , but I plan to go home , Alethea .
tr	O	这也许不是最奢华的裙子，但是玛丽觉得它很适合她。
tr	O	复活节假期后，课程恢复了，并且五月是系里繁忙的一个月。
tr	I	She didn 't recognize who the other voice was but David was talking to someone .
tr	O	我们被困住了，并且我们现在注定会被超越。
tr	O	总有重要的事情要做，并且这并非其中之一。
tr	O	我开始觉得他已经忘记了，并且我心底有个奇怪的念头几乎希望他真的忘了。
tr	I	He was against the wall , but he looked behind him .
tr	I	I spent a lot of time hiding from the sun , and I 'd had pale skin even as a human .
tr	I	Please don 't give up on the chance that you 'll walk again , but I know you 're angry right now .
tr	O	这是一个莉尔和他很久以前就决定好的地方。
tr	I	You aren 't your father , and she 's not your mother .
tr	I	The weak bandit had to rest it on the edge of the wagon for his leader to see , and the breastplate was heavy .
tr	I	Tonight he didn 't care , but he realized her ploy had worked before .
tr	I	Brice didn 't want anything more to do with the teenager , yet she knew Skyler was destined to live with her .
tr	O	我本无意让我的语气粗鲁，但是在我惊讶之下，它还是那样说出来了。
tr	I	I stared straight ahead , and every muscle in my body tensed .
tr	O	他做了个鬼脸，并且亨利笑了。
tr	O	血腥恶魔选择的歌曲似乎完全基于其分量以及其旨在震撼人群的效果。
tr	I	I knew I wouldn 't be okay without them , but I wasn 't supposed to mix them with alcohol .
tr	I	His hands shook slightly as he examined it and he picked up the headband again .
tr	I	The decor proved it , and this was a town house , not a country house .
tr	O	她不确定，但是似乎最好在检查是否有更多头部伤口之前给他洗澡。
tr	I	Both strode through the doorway as if the idea had been their own , and the guard passed her the keys .
tr	O	它们顺着她的脸流下来，并且她不自在地擦拭着它们。
tr	O	希瑟认为她不配得到幸福，但是事实是，我配不上她。
tr	I	Her hold never did but her sobs eased .
tr	O	我说了不，并且他走开了。
tr	I	I was still in control , but Shane won a small battle .
tr	I	She is stifling but I love her .
tr	I	I knew they made me look like a laborer , but they were the nicest clothes I owned .
tr	I	Those that heard his colorful language sometimes blushed at the creative nature of it , and he was a grumpy man .
tr	I	Claire wondered if her Mother was drawing breath for a new sarcastic come back , and there was silence .
tr	I	She felt lighter in her soul than she had since walking out of Simon 's life and a dozen childish voices shouting in unison made her laugh .
tr	I	Manfred needed to see something amusing , and that would have been pretty amusing .
tr	O	他大半辈子都在恨我，但是现在他被告知我是他弟弟。
tr	I	It reflected a man 's face in every window , and the driver 's side was illuminated with fire from the strike of a match .
tr	O	他坐在后面，监视着摔跤手们进来，并且他说他看到泽克·桑德进入了竞技场！
tr	O	我花了半小时才找到那条小径，但是当我找到时，我毫不怀疑我找到了对的那条。
tr	I	My body becomes electrified and his statuesque physique stuns my mind .
tr	O	奶奶抿紧了嘴，但是她没有争辩。
tr	O	我知道这对莎拉来说应该足够了，但是她不愿承诺。
tr	O	我脑海一片混乱，并且我只想回去睡觉。
tr	I	You 're wrong , but you seem to think I 'm too young to know anything about emotional pain .
tr	I	I sensed a certain subterfuge in his carefully phrased question , and he asked .
tr	O	他在等你，并且你也是他的家人，就像你也是我的家人一样。
tr	O	也许我在享受热水澡上花的时间太久了，但是我感到如此神清气爽，以至于几乎没有感到内疚的余地。
tr	O	我喜欢那个令人讨厌的助理教授女人，并且我也不喜欢你的老板。
tr	O	我知道很晚了，但是我今晚需要和你谈谈。
tr	O	信放在厨房的台面上，并且她把它拿了起来。
tr	O	今天他选择不系领带，但是他已经在他的运动夹克的胸袋里塞了一条红色口袋巾。
tr	O	那种温暖的感觉再次掠过我的皮肤，但是我没有时间去思考它。
tr	O	他咧嘴笑了，但是他的眼睛却很悲伤。
tr	I	The fact remains that if they are , our comrades can 't be killed , but I can 't explain exactly why I thought they might be .
tr	I	He was my master and I became his puppet .
tr	I	She was hanging on by a thread , and Sera was their safety net .
tr	O	她想要起身，但是他阻止了她。
tr	O	为了向我表明他很有钱，并且最终他会得到他想要的一切，即使他想要的是我？
tr	I	She was hungry for dinner , and Night was falling .
tr	O	他把她拉近，并且她感受到他身体散发出的强烈热量。
tr	I	The ruckus of the party had died down when she heard footsteps approaching and it was some time later .
tr	I	On it lay Kat wrapped in white silk , and they formed a semi-circle around a stone table .
tr	O	不久食物就上来了，并且二十五位客人之间便开始了交谈。
tr	I	They would start a life together and he would get the money .
tr	O	她是一位长相不错、中年、穿着考究的女人，但是她大部分的妆都花了。
tr	O	我绕到她那边，但是她已经打开了门。
tr	I	I didn 't want to be in there longer than necessary but I hesitated opening the door .
tr	I	This Operative Nine towered over me , but I 'm a pretty tall guy .
tr	I	You lose everything - and you say no .
tr	I	We arrived in the Vale a few days later , and the weather held fair .
tr	O	门内的空气因灰尘而模糊，并且那里看起来没有任何光线。
tr	I	Mrs Whitlow would still have said , but she had to raise her voice above the argument .
tr	I	It 's the reason you 're currently unemployed and it cost you a fiance .
tr	I	Then they asked my father to protect you , and you were put in the orphanage as a way to hide .
tr	I	He was gone , but when it was Sienna 's turn to sign , I scanned the crowd looking for Jack .
tr	O	我选择它因为它靠近船上最大的窗户之一，并且我喜欢看星星。
tr	O	我雾化的身体与轰炸机接触，并且就像皇冠从我手中消失一样，那个人也消失了。
tr	O	他增加了引擎动力，因为空气稀薄，并且四台强劲的引擎必须更努力工作。
tr	I	He 'd been wrong , but he hadn 't thought that anything could have hurt as much as losing Sibyl .
tr	I	I didn 't want to show it , but I was desperate to regain her favor .
tr	O	我忍住了困惑地摇头，因为我知道那肯定会招致一个厌恶的眼神，并且我们继续赶路。
tr	I	I finally managed to open my eyes , but I couldn 't tell .
tr	I	John lifted it high above his head and his hand nicked it a hair before mine .
tr	I	She needed to head home quickly to pack and she had a weekend away with friends to look forward to .
tr	I	I wasn 't completely naive , but I may have be inexperienced .
tr	O	从那里我们去干洗店，并且我去取妈妈的西装。
tr	O	泥人二号冲上前，并且我利用空气元素将他摔回树上。
tr	I	Jared knew he wouldn 't be able to remember them all and the names were many .
tr	I	Neil wondered how he could stand wearing long sleeves in May , and the all-black ensemble Aaron wore did nothing to make him look any taller .
tr	O	我把她累坏了，并且她睡得像个婴儿。
tr	I	I searched for Samantha , and the Bravado slowly began to retreat .
tr	I	Ryan sounded tired , but Jeff sounded great .
tr	O	她伸手抓我的手臂，并且我猛地转过身。
tr	I	She didn 't know why ... But I need to get out of here .
tr	O	一根小树枝在她脚下折断，并且她吓坏了。
tr	O	你不喜欢可以被取代，并且你也不喜欢被取代。
tr	O	他们倒车开下人行道，并且伊桑的头在车轮驶离路缘石时撞到了车顶。
tr	O	我们正在路上，但是她不接电话。
tr	O	她在这个国家才一个多小时，并且她已经准备好离开了。
tr	O	命令已下达，并且一支小型侦察队出发去侦查南门警察局。
tr	O	他的眉毛微微上扬，并且他向我靠过来。
tr	O	他沉默地走过她身边，并且她跟了上去，默默地感激他放慢了脚步。
tr	O	玻璃杯是米里亚姆，并且葡萄酒是梦想家。
tr	O	他是儿科传染病专家，并且光是听到这些话就差点让我歇斯底里。
tr	O	也许那些事情是真的，但是那仍然是不可原谅的。
tr	I	I knew they were suffering from latte withdrawal and we hadn 't stopped at a coffee shop .
tr	O	我思考着莱德，以及他对肯娜有多么忠诚。
tr	O	你太年轻了，并且你太脆弱了。
tr	O	一切都不同了，并且她知道这一点。
tr	O	他扬了扬眉，并且他随即笑了。
tr	O	我能看到他和其他人因那一点点救赎而感到的解脱。
tr	O	他们建立了一个帝国，他们的牧牛场闻名遐迩，但是他们的敌人也经常对付他们的家人。
tr	O	我们听见管家回来了，但是他正跑着，哒哒作响地跑下楼梯。
tr	O	这种性方面的轻松自在不是我学会的，并且多利安知道这一点。
tr	O	他看起来对他的任务不满意，但是在那时她并不在乎。
tr	I	Maybe he wasn 't Matt hot , and his smile was kind of goofy .
tr	O	时间一秒一秒过去，并且房间里一片寂静，除了空调的低沉嗡嗡声。
tr	I	She knew he was up to something , and she 'd felt him retrieve the stiletto .
tr	I	The others took the creaky steps to the second floor and I lay there quietly as Caden .
tr	O	派罗是一种能量催化剂，但是简报内容相当晦涩。
tr	I	Katherine nodded and Benedict shook his head slightly .
tr	O	那是周三晚上，并且他们聚集在这里观看她爸爸广告片的最终剪辑。
tr	O	我感到慰藉，并且我的手也没那么不适了。
tr	O	马蹄声在隧道中回荡，随着入口处白光再次封闭，并且两棵巨树之间的树林再次可见。
tr	O	食物很好吃，但是A.J.并没有真正尝出味道。
tr	I	His face was relaxed and his mouth was open .
tr	O	她试图把自己的包放进后备箱，但是司机阻止了她，并从她手中抢走了包。
tr	O	我整个夏天都在这里，但是我的确很喜欢这里。
tr	O	他的眉毛皱在一起，并且他的眼神变得严肃。
tr	O	他爸爸有一台相机，但是那台相机太大了。
tr	O	他们试过了，并且没有奏效。
tr	O	我只想轻轻吻一下你的唇，但是当我触碰到你时，我整个人都燃烧起来了。
tr	I	The car started to pick up speed , and the pedal went straight to the floor .
tr	O	空气中弥漫着浓厚的寂静，并且她终于抬起了头。
tr	I	She clicked on that and they were live-streaming their local broadcast .
tr	I	She quickly slid towards Alonso , which surprised him , and Alonso called for Lea , who was relieved for that .
tr	O	牧师告诉他，他需要用灵性的眼睛才能理解，并且那也说不通。
tr	I	I thought you wouldn 't turn down the opportunity to kill me , but I obviously don 't trust you .
tr	O	紧接着一声突如其来的雷鸣，并且她吓得跳了回去，脱离了他的触及范围。
tr	I	He closed his eyes and the reaction was sickening .
tr	O	这让卡拉觉得恶心，但是她保持了我的镇定。
tr	O	汉普顿不是他见过的最糟糕的地方，绝非如此，但是它也不是最好的。
tr	I	His hands shook where they held me , but Patch murmured soft sounds in my ear .
tr	O	也许这只是我被压抑的心想和他做朋友那么简单，或者也许它更深层。
tr	I	Before he can ask any more questions , the priest quickly leads the man out of the caves and the messenger was given the scroll .
tr	I	It 's all I want , and it 's all I have .
tr	O	这是松林镇一天中最繁忙的时候，学校刚放学，街道上充满了孩子们欢乐的笑声，热闹非凡。
tr	I	She was still here , but I had killed her a thousand times in my head .
tr	I	They always left her breathless , and they always had the same theme .
tr	I	The man 's talent was even more impressive than Adam had realized , but Chihuly was known for his massive glass installations .
tr	O	弗雷德里克斯的手被烧伤了，并且韦伯斯特的腿被刮伤了。
tr	O	管道发出尖锐的声音，并且房子颤抖起来。
tr	O	卡罗尔表示他认为，指望有人会不收钱就让他们避难是不现实的，并且他们的钱也无法无限期地支撑下去。
tr	I	All the nuances of the home sat ready to explore and the weight of her gift simply wasn 't overbearing every sense in her system .
tr	I	She 'd expected that , but Jack wasn 't a good patient .
tr	O	我低头看向我的膝盖，并且那些擦伤已经消失了。
tr	I	He looks almost ... amused , and her dad 's brow arches ?
tr	I	I even scored a couple of very decent boxes before I began my search , and it was clean , for an alley .
tr	I	Somehow , this night felt imbalanced , but she awaited her beloved .
tr	O	我们在白天更长的时候玩得更多，但是除此之外，我们没有多加留意。
tr	I	Thing 1 laughed , and Thing 2 called .
tr	O	知道的人越多，就越难瞒住大卫，而且我想知道更多。
tr	O	水很暖和，但是它解了他的渴。
tr	I	I didn 't see her but I looked around for Lucky .
tr	O	她的胸口有爪痕，并且那个东西的另一只爪子钩住了她牛仔裤的裤腰。
tr	I	I don 't really give a damn what he says , but I 'm tasking with carrying his messages .
tr	O	他抓住我腰时我结结巴巴地道谢，并且我火热地回想起在五渔村与他独处的时光。
tr	O	他找到了他的枪，并且他所有的注意力都集中在缓慢地将其移到背后。
tr	I	I still don 't like the thought of Zeke getting pulled away , but Damien 's decision is final .
tr	I	This was the opportunity she 'd wanted since she 'd learned of the foundation , but handling the field trips helped .
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是一想到他喜欢蛋糕，我心里就感到一丝温暖。
tr	I	Ethan turned to look at me and I blinked .
tr	O	她的猫没有发情，然而她发情了。
tr	I	She swayed her shoulders and her voice hit all the sultry tones .
tr	O	我直到现在才真正地直视过他，但是他的外表有些非常不对劲。
tr	I	One could not escape the world forever , but it was a good place to hide .
tr	I	A quiver of excitement surged through my veins and I didn 't recognize him , not at first , until he turned around .
tr	O	朋友很棒，但是他们可能不清楚该如何帮助你。
tr	O	Cale把Cassidy推开了，但是他随后意识到那一枪不是冲着她来的。
tr	I	It would be much cheaper than living at the university for a third year , and they 'd divide the rent .
tr	O	她的眼睛慢慢睁开，并且她的目光与他相遇了。
tr	O	我看着Lola带着Casper走回我身边，并且我能感觉到怒火在我心中升腾。
tr	O	这里不会有人嚼我的舌根，并且你回家后最好也别嚼舌根。
tr	I	A vase shattered to Austin 's right , and the gun went off .
tr	O	James认为她母亲把Joni与世隔绝了，但是他足够聪明，没有表达他的看法。
tr	O	他绝不会这样做，并且我们都知道。
tr	O	又是一阵停顿，并且她能想象到她叔叔正对着电话皱着眉头。
tr	I	A grey tone sets the mood for the day and the morning sun is hidden behind the heavy clouds .
tr	O	麦格雷戈没有回应铃声，并且下半场很快就成了法布里齐奥的个人表演。
tr	I	She 'd loved Isaac more , but Joni may have loved him .
tr	I	The doors opened , and the elevator stopped .
tr	I	We waited for the doors to open and I smiled as he pushed the button .
tr	O	理查德什么也没说，但是克莱尔也不知道他究竟能说些什么。
tr	O	她还在颤抖，并且我揉了揉她的背。
tr	O	她伸手去拿硬币，并且我把它放在她手上。
tr	I	His voice hissed in her ear , and he grabbed her by the arm .
tr	O	她的嘴唇动了动，但是却没有声音发出。
tr	I	The tan fingers around the glistening stem didn 't belong to my boyfriend , but one of Del 's roses was right in my face .
tr	O	嗯，她也学过指压，但是她肯定漏掉了那一章。
tr	O	他一连串快速动作打开了瓶子，并且阿德里安娜在他倒酒时拿着两个杯子。
tr	I	He understood , and she pointed .
tr	I	She was floating to the surface , and he looked up .
tr	O	有一轮满月，并且我望向窗外。
tr	O	她正对着某人说的话微笑，但是她的眼睛里有些不对劲的东西，某种格格不入的东西。
tr	O	我知道她听出了我声音里的紧张，并且她带着一丝不安地打量着我。
tr	O	奶奶可不是傻瓜，并且她完全相信了这个故事。
tr	O	门开了，并且洛克走了进来。
tr	I	I felt alone and he read parts .
tr	O	他们没有所有的细节，但是他们确实知道他们需要那条吊坠。
tr	I	Arnold leaned ever more closely to her , and Kathy feigned an expression of astonishment .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	达西的眼睛慢慢睁开了，并且她注意到米歇尔正坐在她的床边，咧着嘴笑。
tr	I	I never apologized , but I felt terrible for what I said .
tr	I	The engine steamed perfectly and the nuclear fire bar continued to radiate heat .
tr	O	朱尔斯有她的消息来源，并且她的直觉非常敏锐。
tr	O	那是一支华尔兹，并且他们聊了一会儿。
tr	O	德国人首先使用了毒气，但是英国人也效仿了。
tr	O	她疯狂地环顾四周，并且我抓住了她的手臂。
tr	O	它在那里，并且然后它就消失了。
tr	I	There was a clunk as her board smashed against the vessel 's hull , but Jade threw herself to her left also .
tr	I	He smiled inwardly , and he noticed she chose to ignore the dig about Cain .
tr	O	萨姆无助地看着，担心着最坏的结果，但是哈登却把雷丁顿扔在了地上。
tr	I	All this is the real thing , and I can 't even afford IKEA .
tr	I	At least it was something , but it was all I had .
tr	O	他确实没有其他选择，并且她看起来也不像个疯子。
tr	O	她一整天都没有收到马克的消息，但是她知道他很忙。
tr	I	One corner of his mouth lifted and Amusement flickered in Travis 's eyes .
tr	I	She hit the speaker button and before he could reach for the phone , her fingers flew out .
tr	O	他的目光停在了海勒身上，并且狱卒迅速移开了视线。
tr	O	他们把湖抛在身后之后，湍流消失了，并且喷气机在大急流城安全降落，没有发生进一步事故。
tr	I	They 'll never see my face , but they 'll know it 's me , of course .
tr	I	She studied Ashton sitting in the armchair across the room and a sense of foreboding settled over her .
tr	O	约翰正在按按钮，并且电梯再次开始上升。
tr	O	螺栓解开了，并且胖老板走到了门前。
tr	O	这只是一个简单的拥抱，但是紧张程度却上升了好几度。
tr	O	罗克还在舞池里和特丽莎在一起，并且我不知道德维恩去了哪里。
tr	I	Elise declined , but Aurora offered to drive her .
tr	O	乔希脸上带着困惑的表情，但是至少他没有嘲笑她。
tr	I	I can 't imagine what else drew them out at precisely that time , but I don 't know for sure that Doc heard our message .
tr	O	她开始说话，但是他又吻了她。
tr	I	She tiptoed in , looking adorable in her footed pajamas and the door slowly opened .
tr	O	强光让我无法承受，但是我的眼睛很快就适应了。
tr	O	他摸了摸下巴，但是这一次他麻木得感受不到疼痛了。
tr	I	They were still looking at us , murmuring and he looked at them .
tr	I	She shrugged his hand away but he touched her shoulder .
tr	I	Baxter had chosen to stay there until he could afford his own place , but he 'd moved out of the apartment after a couple of years .
tr	I	They were all closed , but flanking either side of the hallway were other doors , only a few .
tr	I	It could have certain security protocols in place , but we don 't know what the ship is .
tr	I	I could actually feel my heart pounding in my ears , and by now my stomach was somewhere south of my knees .
tr	O	我再次把自己撞向储物柜，希望能把它震晕，但是这一切只让我受了些瘀伤。
tr	O	他试图奔跑，但是地板上沾满了内脏，非常滑。
tr	I	The roaring of the wind died down , and he lifted a hand .
tr	O	她跑了出去，并且孩子们跟着她，直到她消失在走廊的某个地方。
tr	I	He eased open his eyelids , and her name whispered through his mind .
tr	O	我猛地向后一缩，抽回双手，但是警报声仍在持续嚎叫。
tr	I	I didn 't want to , but I should 've said something sarcastic to lighten the mood .
tr	I	Preston cupped my face , forcing me to look up at him and my lower back pressed into the edge of the desk behind me .
tr	I	It was certainly easier , but she knew that it wasn 't healthy to always be alone .
tr	I	He was just too big , too strong but she kept pushing against his chest .
tr	O	他等了一会儿，但是她没有继续说。
tr	O	最终大吵了一架，并且艾莉森也不再来了。
tr	I	Thor could see his fierce determination , and the boy 's eyes opened wide .
tr	O	她的血液让他保持稳定，并且她的爱让他完整。
tr	O	我的脸因期待而僵硬，但是我的心也在痛。
tr	O	没有比这更好的时机了，并且他似乎心情特别宽宏大量。
tr	I	Carmine flew upright immediately , holding his hands up defensively and Corrado stepped forward again .
tr	O	我甚至不确定自己能否下定决心去做，但是是时候去弄清楚了。
tr	O	期望事情完全如他所愿总是奢望，并且缺少冰块绝不是他最微不足道的问题。
tr	I	Neither was I willing to let him , but he was not going to give up this fight easily .
tr	I	I could learn , but maybe have some cows , I don 't know much about cows .
tr	I	I didn 't ask either , but he didn 't say .
tr	O	这么多年来，这两个人已经形成了一套他们自己独特的语言，并且言语似乎从未能承载他们深厚情谊的重量。
tr	O	他握住剑，抬头看我，并且我觉得我看到了他眼中一丝柔和。
tr	I	A young man lay sprawled across the dirt , his eyes fluttering open at the noise - but no attacker stood behind her .
tr	O	莱利笑了，并且接着笑容更大了。
tr	O	瑞姆倒在我身旁，并且我们肩并着肩。
tr	I	We went inside the cold storage room and I said .
tr	O	我听到她在对别人嘀咕，但是她之后确实让我一个人待着了。
tr	O	他没有出去，但是他分散了薇薇安的注意力，激怒了她。
tr	O	他们以更悠闲的步调继续着，但是他们身上没有其他随意之处。
tr	I	Alex lifted her gaze to the mirror and a deep voice spoke up from just behind her .
tr	I	I had no idea how many resources our enemies had anymore , but that wasn 't where we were really headed .
tr	I	He had a happy smile on his face and she glanced over at Tim .
tr	O	我看了一眼布罗迪，但是他沉默着。
tr	I	He makes a mumbling slapping sound when he talks and his lips kind of hang off his face .
tr	I	I do , but I don 't know why I feel so compelled to tell Olivia all my dirty little secrets .
tr	O	萨拉大半个上午都在说不用谢，但是拉夫从对面怒视着。
tr	I	An unseen burden seemed to weigh heavy , slowing his steps , and he felt faint for lack of food , fear gnawed at his stomach .
tr	I	I ran up to his head where he looked at me with apology in his eyes and the four of us scrambled off him .
tr	I	Four will move on to the next round , and once that round is completed , five will fight .
tr	I	I am guessing that he now believes and Dante looks at the spaceman .
tr	I	He is the last thing on her mind now , but they are an arm 's length from one another .
tr	O	他睡觉时头发垂在眼睛上，并且他放松的面部特征带着一丝少年魅力。
tr	O	她感情外露，并且这使她很容易成为想伤害她的男人的目标。
tr	O	这是一个美丽的夜晚，并且这座城市确实很美。
tr	I	The two rode away in delightful freedom , and the groom was dismissed .
tr	O	她回头看向赫克托尔，但是他已经消失在甲板下了。
tr	O	她想起了院子里的另一个人，并且很明显他们是亲密的朋友。
tr	O	它不冷，但是它仍然是水。
tr	O	她无法想象爷爷会交出大权，但是那一天即将到来，她带着沉重的悲伤意识到。
tr	I	His vision blurred and he was dazed .
tr	I	He groans and Knox 's head falls back .
tr	O	我举起一只手挡住他，并且它是完全红色的。
tr	I	Allie went looking for small game while I attempted to fish , and we reached our previous campsite at Laurel Lake .
tr	O	他再次听到那生物的尖叫，并且这一次他听到了一阵沙沙声。
tr	O	她告诉达里乌斯这件事，并且他似乎同意了。
tr	O	很快，涌来的波浪淹没了她的头，并且她仍然继续走，直到她的脚再也触不到沙质海底。
tr	O	门被推开了，并且一个男人爬了出来。
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安尝试了，但是他一无所获。
tr	O	她讨厌没有他来管理王国，但是她会做她必须做的事情。
tr	O	我尝试了超过15分钟，但是他没有动。
tr	I	If there was a way , I would figure it out , but I didn 't know .
tr	I	It wasn 't just because of the sheer terror I 'd felt in last night 's dream , and I was afraid to .
tr	O	他的眉毛皱到了一起，并且一线希望进入了他的眼睛。
tr	I	They kicked again , on cue , at Ren 's touch , and certain places in her body had been kicking a lot lately .
tr	O	他开始唱一首他几个月没弹过的歌，并且我闭上眼睛一分钟来感受它。
tr	O	马特奥只能想着娜迪亚，她处于更大的危险之中，并且他甚至无法拿到他该死的手机来警告她。
tr	O	他只是坐在那里，盯着面前无尽的树林，并且过了一会儿他们都再次沉默了。
tr	O	每个人都听到了他，但是没有人真正在听。
tr	I	A drawer held multiple rows of silk ties in every color from red to purple to black , and a small bin stored silk handkerchiefs .
tr	I	He 's not around anymore , but he used to live next door .
tr	I	His chest tightened , and his skin went cold .
tr	I	It was revenge , and there was something I had forgotten in this time .
tr	O	他穿着一件厚厚的灰色外套，而且在下面，是一个带有铁门徽章的胸甲。
tr	O	在那一刻，我感到了一丝同情，但是我把它扼杀了，在它可能发展成火焰之前。
tr	I	Everyone reacted , and everyone saw it .
tr	O	她过去帮他，但是他推开了她的手。
tr	I	I tilted my head to listen in on their conversation and their voices dropped in volume .
tr	O	一种恶心的撕裂声传到我耳中，而且我开始尖叫，因为我割腕的伤疤开始剥开。
tr	I	I 'm a pariah and I cheat on my husband with a 20 something .
tr	O	来自上方的炮火击中了“粉碎者”，但是普通的子弹永远无法穿透它的盔甲。
tr	I	Then stopped , but I was just about to pull the trigger .
tr	O	他冲洗了我的头发，而且我靠在他身上，满意地叹了口气，看着他把肥皂搓到毛巾上。
tr	O	我们还活着，但是梦想已经死在了一堆岩石下，死在沾染制服的血液中。
tr	O	钥匙在点火器里，并且我咧嘴笑了，发动着引擎。
tr	O	蕾切尔很不满，但是她保持了沉默。
tr	I	It was always with me , but I kept it to myself .
tr	O	我看着我的手机，而且屏幕已经变黑了。
tr	I	He let her break free of his hold , and when the music faded away , Tamara made to pull away .
tr	O	她转过头，并且他们的嘴唇碰在了一起。
tr	O	她以为森林在呼唤她的名字，并且她相信自己是爬行动物。
tr	O	她希望格温能有一个更好的生活开端，而且时间却已经不多了。
tr	O	我把头重新放回冰上，并且我闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	那天天气倒是很晴朗，而且托比发现很难保持忧郁。
tr	O	他的嘴唇冰冷，并且我倒吸了一口气。
tr	I	Her words were swept away as joining in with Lucas ' laughter , Cass leapt into the air , but Lizzie swiped at him in indignation .
tr	O	你已经见识过这么多，而且你怀疑这一件事？
tr	O	她修长的手指抚摸着我的后颈，并且她的香水在空气中浓重地弥漫着，像一团蒸汽云。
tr	I	He was stuck with her , and they 'd saddled him with a castoff .
tr	I	She almost enjoyed the pain , but Renna gasped .
tr	I	The butt of Kenny gun was already slamming into the side of Blake 's head , but the gun went off .
tr	O	也许他待在克莱身边感到不自在，但是他内心深处的一部分钦佩着那个年轻人的力量。
tr	O	它很华丽，而且这让我更加讨厌詹姆斯·亨特。
tr	I	I recognized my father 's presence and a separate , powerful thread worked its way into my mind .
tr	O	第十二章 工厂周年庆典的日子到了，并且曼迪对她即将到来的一整天感到兴奋。
tr	O	汉娜尽量保持轻松的语气，但是她的胃已经紧绷成一个硬球。
tr	I	Someone 's been cut and Window broke .
tr	O	这让他回想起她是一个交际花，并且他预订了双倍时间以便他们也能聊天的日子。
tr	I	For some reason , he didn 't really care , but the ball missed the hoop by a mile .
tr	O	天气配合得很好，所以一切都布置在户外，并且装饰精美。
tr	O	疲惫缠绕着她，但是她无法停下来。
tr	O	内特继续牵着安妮的手，并且她本能地移到他身后，在那里她感到受到保护。
tr	I	It 's driving me crazy , and I couldn 't get that woman out of my head .
tr	I	Last time I owned one it brought more bad luck , but she says it 'll help me keep the curse away .
tr	I	At first I didn 't take it too seriously , and the images were almost Biblical , difficult to believe .
tr	O	她的目光落在我的身上，并且微笑温暖了她的唇。
tr	O	她的怒火立刻消退为担忧，并且她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	He supposed he shouldn 't be , but he was surprised by the question .
tr	O	我们会一起乘坐电梯，但是这不一样了。
tr	O	他带路，并且我跟着。
tr	O	此时的福克斯河看起来与两边数英里内都没有什么不同，但是印第安人已经发现了这条便道。
tr	I	I knew I would need some proof , but intellectually it made a kind of bizarre sense .
tr	O	他们来到树旁停了下来，并且她抬头对他笑了笑。
tr	I	She lingers on Reeve for much longer , but the question is directed at them all .
tr	O	新闻说疫情今天正式开始了，但是对我来说这一切昨天就已经开始了。
tr	I	The long trail had ended and the crowd started to thin .
tr	O	他发出一声不满的轻哼，但是我能看出他的眼神是认命的。
tr	O	他试图将面部表情调整成悲伤的样子，然而很明显他的表情背后并没有真正的情感。
tr	O	她什么也没说，但是她从来都是这样。
tr	I	It was a silly one , but that was a choice too .
tr	I	Draven enters the room and the door behind me swings open .
tr	O	他想结婚，但是我告诉他我需要考虑一下。
tr	I	I could tell after he was on his knees that he caught the smell of my blood , and he took Tara 's place by my side .
tr	O	雷根快步走着，在她的钱包里找着什么，并且科迪跟在后面几步，努力跟上。
tr	I	The leaves fell , whirling in the air and the wind struck .
tr	I	Her mind slowly started to function but there was only one light on outside the car .
tr	O	到目前为止我一直把他看作是我们关系中弱势的一方，但是现在我不确定了。
tr	O	我因突然的热情而走近了一步，并且他后退了。
tr	O	实际上，他闻起来确实有点不同寻常，但是他的气味并不令人不快。
tr	O	太阳很快就要出来了，但是在那之前，本不该出现这么多恶魔。
tr	I	It seems there are no paths - but I thought we went along paths .
tr	O	他没有碰她，但是他离得太近了。
tr	I	In fact he had none , but to the inexperienced eye it might look as if the older man had the advantage .
tr	I	I shake it , and she offers me her hand .
tr	I	I felt weary already , and Barrett smirked at me .
tr	O	她想让他留下，并且她想一个人待着。
tr	O	它的三个部门面临解散，并且很快公司本身也将不复存在。
tr	O	他的眼神变得柔和了，并且他走近了。
tr	I	No tear dropped , but I felt like crying .
tr	I	If you 're in some sort of trouble , I deserve to know , and we 've been friends a long time .
tr	O	他又搞定了两个，并且这时电话响了。
tr	I	The craft was already yards above the ground , but he sprinted even faster toward the rising helicopter .
tr	I	I was fighting against it and I was getting sleepy again .
tr	I	I pray you do not seek me out and you are your own man now .
tr	I	Rick felt the sting of tears forming in his eyes and the warmth returned .
tr	O	他将我的双腿分开，并且它们为他而敞开。
tr	I	Hildy ignores my Noise on the subject and I don 't say nothing to this .
tr	I	She liked him too well to believe such a thing , but she was reluctant to admit such a thing , even to herself .
tr	O	她试图从他身上下来，站起身，但是她做不到。
tr	O	距离早餐时间并没有那么久，并且我们这里没有任何食物。
tr	I	Even a mastectomy wouldn 't have helped at that point , and the cancer had spread .
tr	O	如果你们想，你们都可以等一会儿，并且如果他出现，我会立刻让他下来。
tr	O	一丝微弱的希望在她胸中燃起，并且她将自己蜷缩环抱，以使其保持不灭。
tr	O	许多人担心国王被那位如今居住在这座可怕城堡里的邪恶领主谋杀了，但是没有人敢于质疑。
tr	I	My mom has been too heartbroken to do anything and my dad died last year .
tr	I	I still don 't feel like I know my own mind , and I 've had all day to think .
tr	I	I meet with each student to discuss their individual topics and the next week , we begin a writer 's workshop .
tr	O	她知道他们不会再靠得更近了，但是她无法阻止那股在她体内涌动的不祥预感。
tr	O	维多利亚感觉到塞巴斯蒂安的目光在她身上，并且一股奇怪的寒意爬上了她的脊椎。
tr	I	If the Council says it 's okay , then we go live with him , and one of them picks one of us .
tr	O	他再回过头看了一眼，看到那些穿着西装的男人正从那辆巨大的履带式机器中出来，并且他重重地叹了口气。
tr	I	She 'd just be setting herself up for heartbreak , and assuming it could turn into anything more wasn 't smart .
tr	I	If he had to , he would , but it wasn 't exactly what he wanted to resort to doing .
tr	I	A small , gray-haired woman stepped out , and the heavy library doors opened .
tr	O	此人名叫雷丁，并且他曾被关押在弗吉尼亚州。
tr	I	Somehow , beyond all comprehension , it was about to become the focal point of a revolution , and it was his beloved home .
tr	I	I can see she 's really into it but I 'm not sure what kind of notes she 's taking .
tr	O	听起来好像又一扇门砰地一声打开了，并且接着我的背部就被人推了一下。
tr	O	渴望更多，她努力用双腿环住他的臀部，但是她的裙子却缠在了她的膝盖上。
tr	O	他可以去主任办公室，但是她有一半时间不在那里。
tr	I	I knew she must have realized it was huge , but she didn 't ask questions .
tr	I	These days she was taking notice , but a few weeks ago Alix would have considered details like that pointless .
tr	I	I feel it in my bones and Ellie sighs deep .
tr	O	很快，他的呼吸就平稳了，但是我却辗转反侧，盯着天花板。
tr	O	她的家人曾是一个巨大的障碍，并且杰克已经解决了这个问题。
tr	I	At this point he was my only hope , but he was a poor excuse for a leader .
tr	O	一道亮光闪过，并且图书馆的灯突然熄灭了，留下泰莎盯着地板上一个未亮起的黑色方块。
tr	I	Wilder rolls to lie beside me , and I take a gasping breath , trying not to let it overwhelm me .
tr	O	她把手伸到她面前，并且在里面我看到了一把又长又薄的刀。
tr	O	风向变了，并且火已经熄灭了。
tr	I	She 's too tall , but I 'm slightly envious .
tr	I	She 'd been Kate 's gynecologist for years and Bonnie was a friend of Holly 's .
tr	I	Yet there was so much terror and her voice was a throaty whisper .
tr	O	罗斯安静了下来，并且我接着翻页。
tr	I	It was worth it , but the throb in my hand increased with every second that passed .
tr	I	I will and I have said I shall move them from harm 's way .
tr	I	Frank was in a real state , and we finally got to Brownie 's about twenty minutes later .
tr	I	I had to practice my breathing technique , and a hot prickly feeling came over me .
tr	I	Every night from here on out he 'd be with Blythe , but he 'd spend this time with her .
tr	I	He made me forget for a moment that my chest was about to explode from pain , and Tripp always managed to make me laugh .
tr	O	我也很好奇，并且我喜欢戏弄她。
tr	I	I doubled up my efforts to catch her and she increased her pace .
tr	O	这是证明政府谋杀了一名无辜女性，并且他们参与了一场谎言来掩盖真相。
tr	I	Together they walked toward the hive and he led her from the building .
tr	I	I nearly dropped my bag , hustling over to the group of crowd fillers , and she gave me a look .
tr	I	It would do , but it was not as clear in tone as her own .
tr	O	我的指关节因撞击而灼痛，并且我发现身体的每一块肌肉都开始以难以想象的疼痛燃烧起来。
tr	I	He began to lick her neck , and his h * ps flexed involuntarily , pressing his hard length against her stomach .
tr	O	他的手臂滑过我的腰，并且我俯身吻他。
tr	I	The storm may have delayed her somewhat , but she was planning to be here this morning anyway .
tr	O	他的身体机能停止了，并且他逝去了。
tr	I	We had no real way of knowing ... but the man 's life had seemed solitary .
tr	I	As the birth nears they occur closer together , but at first they are an hour to thirty minutes apart .
tr	O	它一团糟，但是也只好这样了。
tr	I	She stared at it , and the receiver clicked in her ear .
tr	O	我没有，但是为了她，我让自己的表情恢复平静。
tr	I	Even so , she spent most of the weekend thinking about Steven , but she had brought home a lot of her work .
tr	I	He seemed agreeable to her choice of color and she told him her dress would be red .
tr	O	救生服使她免受坠落的主要冲击，但是她的左膝撞上了一块突出的岩石。
tr	O	我们有一架搜救直升机正从俄克拉荷马城赶来，但是那个女人可能在直升机抵达前就死了。
tr	I	Then , he wasn 't willing to chance it , but he wasn 't sure she had the power to do such a thing .
tr	I	We 're not that far out of it , but we may be out of it up here .
tr	I	I could tell Gray did , too , and I 'd wanted more to happen , in all honesty .
tr	I	Kate wondered why it was so quiet , had everyone else been hiding too and down the hall they crept ?
tr	O	她那样一说，那个词语穿透了我，而且我肯定没有在想父母做那事。
tr	O	亚伯本打算申请一间酒店，但是肖蒂心里却有别的打算。
tr	O	我们进行了办公室里常见的寒暄，但是她显然有事想跟我谈谈。
tr	I	Various weapons ' equipment was scattered throughout and heavy black mats lay littered across the floor .
tr	O	他晒黑的肤色是永久的，而且他锐利的棕色眼睛什么都逃不过。
tr	O	斯通没有笑，但是他的眼睛看起来更开心了。
tr	I	I know Ares will go straight for you , but you 're the opposite of that , Aiden .
tr	I	I quickly shut him out and Simon flashed across my mind .
tr	O	安东涅塔，现在走吧，否则你会着凉的。
tr	I	His face went white as he clenched his jaw and Ali stopped .
tr	I	It was more than that , but I was surrounded by metal .
tr	O	他们可能会在黑暗中互相依靠，但是他的族群永远不会接受她。
tr	O	麦迪逊看得出安妮特不喜欢被逼到墙角，但是她已经决定支持迦勒了。
tr	I	I listened to him anyway , but I still didn 't understand .
tr	I	She 's not looking at me , but I look over to where Reagan 's sitting .
tr	I	They went down and Sarah grabbed her sketches .
tr	O	是的，那是一个好吻，但是它也不过是一个吻。
tr	O	它不是世界上最舒服的草地，但是下面是泥土，这比混凝土好得多。
tr	O	它总是这样，但是他对此无能为力。
tr	I	The canopy closed , cocooning them inside the humming machine and the Stinger responded .
tr	O	我努力想靠近，但是他抓着我不让我动。
tr	I	I felt like a missing piece of my soul had just returned and it slid into place .
tr	O	我刚搬出父母家，并且我渴望成为一个真正的成年人。
tr	O	他曾经是个英俊的男人，但是他不再英俊了。
tr	I	Then that 1977 Mustang had breezed into his life , but he 'd had a chance to get the latest model of a Chevy .
tr	O	那个手势让克里斯的眼睛湿润了，并且她点了点头。
tr	O	我甚至没有意识到我一直憋着，但是一旦释放，闸门就开了。
tr	O	他的皮肤发青了，并且他痛苦地大叫起来。
tr	O	她伸手去拿，并且我没多想就喊道“不！”
tr	I	He wanted to howl , and she propped her elbows on the counter , ending the contact .
tr	O	她在那里，并且她正靠在栏杆上，微笑着看着我。
tr	I	Entry was gained by way of an outside stairway , and the physician maintained his quarters on the second floor over a greengrocer 's shop .
tr	I	You have been so patient and I 've been so useless .
tr	O	他用力地点了点头，并且我们慢跑到山下走向那些入侵者。
tr	I	There were three of us and I only had two tickets .
tr	I	Slowly moving in his direction but it was faint .
tr	O	我有一张世界上最昂贵的跑车之一的照片，并且你用一张照片的照片把我比下去了。
tr	O	我感到饥饿，所以我开始走向出口想离开，但是接着事情发生了变化。
tr	O	说句公道话，我在这里也吓得要死，但是我必须集中注意力。
tr	O	她的手放在我的胸口上，并且她露出了一个微笑。
tr	O	他朝那个方向点了点头，并且她向左看去。
tr	I	It terrified her , and she knew it .
tr	I	His skin was ashen and his breathing was shallow .
tr	I	The wolves had gone quiet long ago , and there were no warriors to be seen .
tr	O	我已经把话说完了，并且那就是我将要说的全部了。
tr	O	他能感觉到它在推动，但是他太年轻了，无法理解它。
tr	O	控制器已经校准了，并且电池也充满了电。
tr	I	At least he grunted to my bad jokes as if he understood , but he couldn 't talk .
tr	O	他可以选择是否让我离开，并且他不会。
tr	O	它的手臂被砍掉了，并且它看起来像是和一些油腻的农用设备一起洗过澡。
tr	O	我发出嘶嘶声，并且他靠墙后退。
tr	I	Alcide had achieved it , but it 's not often a mind reader gets taken by surprise .
tr	O	我的手飞快地回到嘴边，但是已经太迟太迟了。
tr	I	I could read her and she could read me .
tr	I	Iron was still beyond him , but he might connect with the elements of the earth .
tr	O	这种感觉太可怕了以至于我想哭，并且我知道这只是肖恩心中汹涌情绪的一小部分。
tr	I	Even then I 'd only slept there , and I hadn 't been back since Christmas .
tr	I	Pity filled his eyes nonetheless , but he tried to suppress it .
tr	O	这所房子被支流严重损坏了，并且萨姆想知道待在里面有多安全。
tr	O	他低着头，但是他的嘴角微微上扬。
tr	O	他扯掉了最后一颗扣子，并且当丝绸撕裂时我畏缩了一下。
tr	O	她的脸沉了下来，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	I	She slept calmly and she was better .
tr	I	I still hit my head , but then they threw me down on the ground ; the sand from the fake beach cushioned the landing .
tr	I	For them the spectacle has passed , but customers whisper .
tr	I	He couldn 't contort his head around to see , but Deckard could hear a door slid open behind him .
tr	O	树木越来越稀疏，并且我可以看到前方开阔的牧场。
tr	I	The last rays of light were fading and the sun had set .
tr	I	I asked , and he was disappointed .
tr	I	Tall trees leaning overhead protected him from the light snow , and the hollow blocked the wind .
tr	I	Every nerve end tensed of its own accord , and his head jolted back as it hit .
tr	I	Now that we were married , it might be something he was expecting , but we hadn 't slept together since .
tr	O	詹金斯打开了灯，并且拉里就在那里。
tr	O	塔克正在点头，并且悉尼似乎很困惑。
tr	O	迈克尔的肩膀垮了下来，并且他放下了电击枪。
tr	O	一按按钮，桩子翻转过来，并且一把银色刀片伸了出来。
tr	O	天空没有放晴，但是它也没有散开。
tr	I	The constant rain was beginning to bother it , but of course it didn 't mind the darkness .
tr	I	She felt Spud 's relax under her touch , but her stomach burned a moment as she drew the pain away .
tr	I	She forced herself to ignore the fluttering of attraction , but her heart skipped a beat at his compliment .
tr	O	我们已经到了我的教室，并且我转身面对迈克尔。
tr	O	当我回来时，孩子们还在睡觉，并且包在门边。
tr	I	He looked as afraid of me as I was of him , and he had greasy brown hair that was hanging in his eyes .
tr	O	它是开着的，而且他在等我。
tr	O	电话断线了，并且让我想起了心跳停止后、急需复苏的平线声。
tr	I	Nobody returned the salute , but the man with the glasses raised an imaginary mug .
tr	O	我把手放在他的肩膀上，并且我把他转向了我。
tr	O	我拿起了一块酥饼，并且她鼓励性地对我点点头，示意我再拿一块。
tr	I	An ebony table rose from the floor , and with a quiet click it retracted back up into the ceiling .
tr	O	声带裂隙打开了，并且圆润的男中音发了出来。
tr	O	几天过去了，并且我们开始担心。
tr	I	Nyala was listening intently , and Steve was nodding .
tr	O	他又高又帅，而且他的牙齿在黑暗中发光。
tr	O	我希望那是一个非常非常僻静的湖泊，并且内特是唯一一个能看到这场表演的人。
tr	O	我想你的陈词滥调会奏效，但是我的更好。
tr	O	当我回头看时，那张冷峻的面具又回到了他的脸上，并且我突然又想哭了。
tr	I	He looks at me and Sean 's hands smooth over the outside of my dress .
tr	I	He knew the reason , but Ash didn 't answer .
tr	O	教宗大人相信摆脱分裂的和平之路近在眼前，并且正是他和平的性情使他显得软弱。
tr	O	丽塔停顿了一下系紧靴子上的鞋带，并且她随后消失在通往卡特赖特私人住处的下降坡道上。
tr	O	普鲁塔克开始解释这里的弊端——危险、额外的安保、受伤的风险——但是科恩打断了他。
tr	O	笑容是真实的，并且那，克洛伊知道，是她最喜欢的一张照片。
tr	O	我试图微笑，但是厌恶反而扭曲了我的嘴唇。
tr	I	She almost did on the way to her apartment , and she could 've called him .
tr	I	I 'd take what I could get , but an I love you back would have been nice .
tr	I	At least it wasn 't so revealing , but the pink wasn 't much better .
tr	I	It 's a rare occasion when he actually does get called , but he 's on call most of the time .
tr	O	一个会给我带来一点麻烦，但是另一个肯定会让我进监狱。
tr	O	他对此不以为意，但是弗雷达看得出来这伤害了他。
tr	I	She nodded , grinning , and Peter asked with a small smile .
tr	I	He had not , but she had expected him not to acknowledge her , maybe even treat her rudely because of what had happened to his son .
tr	O	他每天都带我出去，并且我们玩得很开心。
tr	I	They were all eager to see it and there was a small town of sorts down in the valley on the other side of the ridge .
tr	I	I still can 't see her , but I look for her again .
tr	I	She was stripping off her clothes , and a silk scarf was in his palms .
tr	O	贝卡以前听过那个故事，并且他希望她能再相信他一次。
tr	O	从表面上看，这听起来像一个极端的跟踪者，但是她却渴望被一个男人完全掌控。
tr	I	Her breath was difficult but her heart beat hard in her chest .
tr	I	In that same moment Billy accidently released the clip from its housing in the gun , and they threatened to attack .
tr	I	She didn 't turn , but she could tell by the sound of his voice .
tr	I	Something darkened his eyes , but his smile never wavered .
tr	O	我的心跳没有慢下来，并且那个该死的结变得更紧了。
tr	I	He shook himself free of them , and they pulled him to his feet .
tr	O	她周身散发着白色的光芒，但是我能看到她旁边有一个散发着热量的小小的绯红色空泡。
tr	I	Something about the entire situation felt wrong , but he wasn 't usually nervous about anything .
tr	O	我看着他上了车，并且我没有给他任何回应。
tr	I	Their army 's survival could depend on the knowledge she held , and she was a female among the Lore .
tr	I	The trees along the sidewalk blocked the sun , but Twilight was still more than two hours away .
tr	I	The video flicks off , and the person walks towards him .
tr	I	She liked it that way , and she talked to nobody about Thomas .
tr	I	She worked every night , and Ravage opened every night .
tr	I	My thought of venturing outside to go to visit Jordan suddenly seemed like something for another day , and my room was still warm , though .
tr	I	There were only few survivors , and the border villages had especially suffered from the attack .
tr	O	我不知道里面有什么，但是你拥有它很重要。
tr	O	他看向她，希望能分享他的计划，但是她已经走了。
tr	I	She wasn 't making me feel any better , but I knew it wasn 't her fault .
tr	O	他很近，否则他就不会暴露自己的位置了。
tr	O	她依偎着他，一个纯粹性感的女人，并且他贪婪地听着她颤抖的呼吸声，她因渴望而颤抖的样子。
tr	I	She was willing to give it to him , and she knew what he wanted .
tr	O	我不知道你是否意识到这一点，但是你的父亲会成为一个了不起的调查记者。
tr	O	就在时间结束前我发现了一页我漏掉的，但是我没有更多时间来做它了。
tr	I	When she did , her voice was gentle , understanding , and her friend didn 't say anything for a long time .
tr	O	她讨厌伤害他，讨厌为了达到目的而把刀子插得更深，但是这必须做。
tr	I	It couldn 't hide the tell-tale signs that he was losing the battle against his cancer , but his suit was tailored perfectly .
tr	I	Even the back wouldn 't be that disappointing , and at that second I decided I was glad I was in the middle .
tr	I	Wayne drove me to Jamey 's to pick up my car , and when the movie was over we grabbed a bite to eat .
tr	I	No words came out but I opened my mouth .
tr	O	这是一个不错的概念，但是实际问题令人望而却步。
tr	I	That of the United Irishmen seemed renewed , but they may have dashed my ardour .
tr	O	那个女人快把他逼疯了，并且他快要央求她了。
tr	O	他的声音依然平淡，但是他的眉间有一道皱纹，雄辩地说明了他感受到的担忧。
tr	O	他居然考虑过我可能会拒绝，并且一想到他的不安全感，我的同意就显得更加甜蜜。
tr	O	那男人又射出他的线了，但是我举起一只手来保护自己。
tr	O	我们独自在空地时我应该告诉你，但是我那时并不真正了解你。
tr	O	所有的话都传到了我们耳边，并且那实际上并没有让我们高兴。
tr	I	I need a little help myself , and probably I can help you out of your present plight .
tr	O	瑞根歇斯底里，并且她需要安慰。
tr	I	She went with it and Sylvia felt a rush of adrenaline .
tr	O	一只手撑在他的背后给了他支撑，并且尼克因为身体向上移动而痛苦地皱起了脸。
tr	I	She didn 't seem nervous , but she looked small behind the wheel of the SUV .
tr	I	His head thrust out , nose almost to the stone , and he seemed to be crouched right down with his flat hands splayed on the floor .
tr	O	她的生活已确定了方向，并且她打算遵循它。
tr	I	We 've made an opening and we 're here .
tr	I	She kissed me back , and her lips melted against mine .
tr	I	I hesitate to disturb him and he 's lost in thought .
tr	O	这不是他的错，并且他需要知道这一点。
tr	O	阿什琳的笑容回来了，而且这次她的笑容中带着一丝女性的洞察力。
tr	I	The flash in his eyes giving it away , and he was angry about something , the way he banged on his keyboard .
tr	O	她是我曾梦想的一切，而且我当时最深的遗憾是没有先找到她。
tr	I	Her eyes grew fearful and her voice dropped to a whisper .
tr	I	He gave her a quick smile before returning to his supper , and his brown eyes widened .
tr	I	He seemed to be speaking to me , but his voice was pitched loud enough for the large group to hear .
tr	O	所有这些对他来说毫无意义，但是有一部分他却很容易就明白了。
tr	O	他的俄语技能可能有所欠缺，但是有些沟通是普遍的。
tr	O	他笑了，她点了点头。
tr	O	我们快速前行，但是我忍不住不停地往后看。
tr	I	She 'd been able to pull back before he 'd noticed her , but once , she 'd even seen Lucas .
tr	O	她的嘴唇紧紧地抿住牙齿，并且她的牙齿紧咬到足以咬碎每一颗。
tr	O	索恩对艾瑞斯笑了笑，并且他也回以点头。
tr	O	当她第二天醒来时，她觉得可以面对学校的一天了，但是她已经不再是以前的她了。
tr	O	我的呼吸急促，并且我没有握住他伸出的手。
tr	I	That sent me to heaven and he smirked at me .
tr	I	There was no sign of Ryder , but dying azaleas wilted on the northwest corner .
tr	O	甚至连简似乎也印象深刻，或者他只是很高兴独白结束了。
tr	I	When you 're twelve , maybe it seems different , but like Aunt Maddy , I thought that was cute .
tr	O	火花从她头上的别针里噼啪作响，并且她的眼睛像汽车的危险警示灯一样闪烁着。
tr	I	With the Fates involved , it is never fair , but Life is not always fair .
tr	O	胁迫是不必要的，并且他需要私下哀悼。
tr	I	He blocked me again , and I swooped around his left side .
tr	O	即使他没有喝那种来历不明的酒，吉兹莫也会感兴趣，但是随着他们的谈话，吉兹莫发现自己被吸引住了。
tr	O	马修打开了新闻，并且他选择的时机再糟糕不过了。
tr	I	Now she was smiling and Solange held her crossbow .
tr	I	With me , there was plenty and Jones was saving me more embarrassment .
tr	O	他的肌肉瞬间绷紧了，但是当她听到他呼气时，它们放松了。
tr	O	我为此恨自己，但是事实就是如此。
tr	O	我或许能将更多能量注入咒语，获得更大的清晰度，但是我想要把那留作最后的手段。
tr	I	I couldn 't be too sure but I thought I caught a hint of a flattered smile .
tr	I	His eyes quickly cast about for his slippers , and the floor felt cold under his bare feet .
tr	O	幸好门开了，并且特鲁迪走了进来。
tr	I	I could hear her inhale loudly and another pause on the line .
tr	I	He didn 't show it , but those words made Alonso feel a little touched .
tr	I	I won 't need it for a week and we are going south to spend the holiday season with his parents in St. George .
tr	O	她看过医疗用品，但是那是我能记住的全部了。
tr	O	这很尴尬，但是我不想承认我是以学会官方身份在那里。
tr	I	When Huw opened it they saw Philip standing outside and at that moment there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	She 's sitting up in the bed holding onto her head , scowling at me , and I look up at her out of my good eye .
tr	O	某物极其热，并且它灼烧着。
tr	O	在她身后，有人叫了她的名字，但是她没有转身。
tr	I	He was quicker , but she was quick .
tr	I	I 've never seen a more romantic setting than this one and the stars shine brightly above us .
tr	I	I was left in darkness more pronounced than it had been before , and then it faded .
tr	O	迪伊把头埋进枕头里，并且他犹豫了。
tr	O	话语慢慢地说了出来，而且他知道他需要分享剩下的部分。
tr	O	自动玻璃门高达天花板，而且周围没有人阻碍她的去路。
tr	I	His eyes locked on the other agent , and Duncan 's head whipped up .
tr	I	I have no idea how to make it happen , but I wish I could prove that I 'm not an at-risk youth .
tr	O	天亮了，并且我们看到光线从墙上高处的窗户透进来。
tr	I	For a moment , I thought it worked , and I threw everything in my sway toward her , pleading for calm .
tr	O	只是别让他们把你喂给他们那个爸爸，并且你就会没事。
tr	I	I could feel how much he wanted me , and his eyes were already darker .
tr	I	Chain had found a way to harm them all without physically touching , but she didn 't know how .
tr	O	他请求进入，并且亨利让他进去了。
tr	O	随着时间的推移，瑞安对她冷淡的态度越来越不满意，而且抱怨变成了彻底的争吵。
tr	I	His heart broke , and he looked up .
tr	O	道路很直接，但是它需要再次离开酒店。
tr	O	哈利站了起来，并且他的呼吸变得强劲。
tr	I	It was a long while before he could bear it , and the sun was shining brilliantly .
tr	I	She had already parked the bike behind a large clump of vegetation , and keeping to motorways proved to be faster than Nick 's A1 route .
tr	O	恐慌灼烧着我疲惫的身体，并且我试图唤醒她。
tr	I	Something about its sparseness said she only rented , but this beach-front house must have cost a packet .
tr	O	我不知道是什么，但是我不希望你被你所看到的一切吓到。
tr	I	We set off towards the sea , and though not sure whether Cosmo wanted my company , I agreed .
tr	O	莉亚试图攻击，但是就像她一样，凯伦仍然足够专注以躲避莉亚的攻击。
tr	I	Apparently , I was wrong and she 's on her feet .
tr	O	从那里我概述了潜行者和我已经商定的策略。
tr	I	She did , but for a second , I thought she wouldn 't give way .
tr	I	Even doses of liquid Tylenol couldn 't cool their fevered skin , and Children cried out in their sleep .
tr	O	我把这一切都告诉了他，而且他甚至不相信我！
tr	I	I tried not to laugh , and Nori nudged me .
tr	I	I looked at the vampire with some curiosity , and I 'd never heard Pam express such a strong opinion .
tr	I	I feel her hair lightly brush my arm , and Nina shifts next to me .
tr	O	我听不见我妈妈的回复，但是无论是什么，我爸爸对此都不高兴。
tr	I	I hear more shuffling followed by sounds of several different book avalanches and he disappears behind the door .
tr	I	Then a kid died during a fight with him , and he 'd been hassled for months , targeted unfairly .
tr	I	She needed to use the ladies ' room , and the line would start again in ten minutes .
tr	I	I was a child model , easily forgettable , but I was trying to forget mine We 'd both been famous .
tr	O	劳施才刚进入空间，在裘德的身体压到他之前跳到了一边，并且他冲到索菲身边。
tr	I	It would only taste of shame , but I would drink it still .
tr	I	I had gotten the impression from Mona that not many were full-time residents , but there were many people .
tr	I	Saying I could pick the restaurant and she responded a second later with an acceptance .
tr	I	It was all written down on one of these pages and nothing was trivial to the man .
tr	O	她的头在剧痛，但是眩晕已经停止了。
tr	O	看到她穿着瑜伽裤和宽松运动衫坐在那里，真是让人眼前一亮。
tr	I	Begging ... or ordering ?
tr	I	The people fled and their civilization collapsed .
tr	I	I wont kill you - but you deserve to die .
tr	I	A tangled wool rug covered the floor , and Rainbow velvet curtains hid the floor-to-ceiling windows .
tr	O	希望你立刻为他生下继承人，并且他就会那样摆脱你。
tr	I	I 'm not really sure how to find him yet , but I can summon him in dreams .
tr	I	It quivered with fear , but her voice was quiet .
tr	I	He hurt himself a couple of times , and he 's been afraid to be outside .
tr	O	她本想只园艺几个小时，但是早上时间不知不觉就过去了。
tr	I	I could recite entire passages by heart and each time of reading it became easier .
tr	I	In my opinion they 're goin ' to make it work , and they know what 's to come .
tr	I	The sight of Armand made him want to cry , but he steadied himself .
tr	I	He 'd had a plan to achieve his getaway , and he also wanted out of their small college town .
tr	O	他想要更多的抚摸，并且这就像他把话说出来一样清楚。
tr	O	他的肩膀透过夹克渗着血，但是这只是擦伤而已。
tr	O	拖着这个包走了一个星期，并且我厌倦了。
tr	O	我不认为那真的是花生，因为那个人没有好好咀嚼食物，并且我没有发现花生颗粒。
tr	O	最后一个手铐掉了下来，并且她扔下了断线钳。
tr	O	墙上甚至有镣铐，但是幸好，我们的两个囚犯没有被捆绑。
tr	O	我刚满十五岁，并且他一天晚上带着两张票来到我的房间。
tr	I	What I most wanted wasn 't on any menu , but my stomach was growling .
tr	I	He held his hand up to Cade and Fire blazed in his ice blue eyes .
tr	I	It was not only his mouth that knew the High Speech and he was the last of his breed .
tr	O	戴蒙挥了挥手，并且频道快速翻转。
tr	I	I said so and that sounded incredibly stupid .
tr	I	Then it blew open , smacking against the wall , and I could hear muffled voices right outside the door .
tr	I	He felt more exhausted than ever now but he had long since downed the Monster .
tr	I	She didn 't run , but she locked up again .
tr	I	It was packed with people and it was the widest street in the entire dome city .
tr	O	墙壁是石头做的，并且有一张长凳横贯西墙。
tr	O	我会告诉你我告诉他的，并且也许你可以替我劝说他。
tr	O	她需要说服他，但是她必须小心。
tr	I	It covered his shoulder wound , and Preston had draped a towel around his neck to catch the drips from his hair .
tr	I	Maybe he got things mixed up in all the stress of last night , but he thought for sure it was the other side .
tr	O	她的眼睛变得无神，并且我讨厌不知道该怎么帮助她。
tr	I	His groin throbbed and his breath caught .
tr	I	I will require you to seal each agreement with a kiss , and don 't worry though , everything I plan is subject to your approval .
tr	O	艾利克斯滑了进去，并且他们短暂地亲吻。
tr	O	她的表情被掩饰着，然而她的眼睛变得湿润。
tr	I	I wan na know my grandchild 's name and he is , you tell her that too .
tr	O	我没有计划，但是如果我要制服那个堕落天使，我就需要一件武器。
tr	I	A knot of guilt formed in the pit of my stomach , and he remained stoic as I walked across the meadow .
tr	O	马洛里的脉搏在他的指尖下加快了，并且他的笑容变得更宽了。
tr	O	他因为体重问题而患有糖尿病，并且他的计划是利用胰岛素通过低血糖来诱导昏迷。
tr	I	Ali was mean and Paige was condescending .
tr	I	It had been recently cut , and the remnants of an ancient oak , it spanned nearly three of her feet end to end .
tr	I	He held a fist to his breast and his chest puffed out slightly .
tr	O	它咬了他们，但是他们能够逃脱。
tr	O	她很累，非常疲惫，并且她的背部因为那个大吉普赛人在屋里向她扔擀面杖而剧烈疼痛。
tr	I	I don 't want to get sidetracked here - But I thought if you were gone , then .
tr	O	这才仅仅是十五世纪，而且丹尼就已经感到疲倦了。
tr	I	This time he didn 't reach over to touch my knee , and he said nothing .
tr	O	房间里有自然光线射入，但是我没看到窗户。
tr	I	Soldiers died , and I made the choice .
tr	O	知道他在城里的停留不是永久的，并且从来不需要太多空间，他租下了乔酒吧楼上的空房间。
tr	O	他的噩梦总是在医院发生，但是对他来说那从来不只是一个梦。
tr	O	我以为我是，但是也许我不是。
tr	O	我当时看着格雷森，并且他的蓝眼睛凝视着我，带着一种近似悲伤的情绪。
tr	I	I 'll help you , and help me .
tr	I	The crown of her head was covered demurely with a thin golden veil but her long auburn hair hung loose down her back .
tr	O	他服用的药丸是医生开给他的，并且它们含有可待因，这种物质显然可以在人体内转化为吗啡。
tr	I	She 'd never really learn , or she had to figure it out on her own .
tr	I	We all sat back down around the table , and Maria pulled up two more round orange chairs for us .
tr	I	A doctor walked in and the door swished open .
tr	O	他的头被剃得精光，但是他留着一撮黑色山羊胡。
tr	O	我的手指拂过墙壁，并且它们感觉像未完工的石膏板。
tr	O	也许他能找到一份他能和黛利拉合作的工作。
tr	I	Somehow the sentiment didn 't ring as true coming from Morgan as it did from Ethan , but so I 'd heard .
tr	O	他转身走开，但是特雷弗没有跟着他。
tr	O	他正在努力安慰她，并且我能看出她一直在哭。
tr	I	I knew she no longer expected me to do so and she knew I would not open my door unless asked .
tr	O	你说这些测试不会疼，并且我相信了你。
tr	O	我大脑的分子仍然散落着，并且我漂浮在油黑的空间中，试图像萤火虫一样把它们捞起来。
tr	I	Papers flew and Glass shattered .
tr	O	她叹了口气，并且他加深了这个吻，将舌头扫了进去。
tr	I	It opened at the touch of Liliana 's hand , yet there was no visible latch on the door .
tr	O	马格努斯忍受着他的样子，他虚弱得无法站立并且还在伤害自己，只要他能撑下去。
tr	O	“某个不错的地方”结果是克拉里奇酒店，并且我很讨厌去想它会花多少钱。
tr	I	A road well worth traveling , but they had a long road ahead of them .
tr	O	塔利以为他正在打瞌睡，但是她并不完全确定。
tr	O	门一秒钟后就开了，并且丹尼斯站在我面前，皱着眉。
tr	I	We 're back on your trail now , but I lost your scent for a time .
tr	I	His body responded , pulsing within me to the beat of our hearts , and I rose to meet him .
tr	I	Emma 's words explained why he was so cautious in even that , but he 'd had enough of a spine to befriend me .
tr	I	He was in the middle of a series on the seven Sacraments and Joseph was teaching the last year of Confirmation .
tr	O	大部分细节都变得模糊了，但是我仍然记得整体主题。
tr	O	我们进来时她没有抬头，并且我想知道她正在读什么让她如此着迷。
tr	O	我觉得斯凯令人筋疲力尽，并且我并没有生病。
tr	I	I rubbed it in hastily as Judy yelled that it would ruin the carpet and the wine spilt on the rug again .
tr	I	His whole face lit up with the happiness of a kid on Christmas morning and he smiled .
tr	I	You have babies already , and you 're only nineteen !
tr	I	Then she might seem pathetic , but she thought about phoning Margie .
tr	I	She already missed him , but they 'd only been apart half a day .
tr	I	The topics I had chosen were ill conceived , or they were either ill timed .
tr	I	My body jolted and there was a loud snap .
tr	O	我们默默地吃饭，但是这并不尴尬。
tr	I	She didn 't want to believe it , but something kept telling her Franz was dead .
tr	O	他寻找可以携带额外坚果棒的地方，但是他的涤纶连体衣没有口袋。
tr	I	Lexi couldn 't take it anymore and Mia launched into another college story .
tr	O	他们没有提供完全的遮盖，但是它至少让事情保持了R级。
tr	O	男孩对此似乎并不完全满意，但是他稍微放松了一些。
tr	O	一个宽敞的步入式衣柜在我左边打开了，并且我趁浴室门打开的时候迅速溜了进去。
tr	I	Dreamer nodded , and said Miriam .
tr	O	奥黛丽质问着并走开了。
tr	I	By then it was too late , but lost in her passion , it took her a moment to acknowledge the pain .
tr	O	伯特伦是个幻象，所以他可以自由交谈，但是意想不到的反应吓了他一跳。
tr	I	He handed it to me , and a sigh rushed from his lungs .
tr	I	I am not a mage ... and the Seminary no longer exists .
tr	O	他对这些事如此娇惯，而且我因此更爱他了。
tr	O	我犯了一个错误，贾克斯，并且我无法开始告诉你我有多抱歉。
tr	I	His expression is grim , but he touches her neck then her wrist .
tr	I	He was too much a gentleman to push her on it , and Raja couldn 't argue with her logic .
tr	I	The thought of it sort of terrifies me and I 've never been on an airplane before .
tr	I	They wouldn 't let me do it , and if I told Ryan that the potion might drive me insane , he 'd tell Tam .
tr	O	相似度无懈可击，并且他伸手去拿起速写本，然后停顿了。
tr	O	她可能感到一丝轻松，但是肖恩无权对她指手画脚。
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen but Bax 's Hemi ' Cuda was up on the rack .
tr	O	泪水模糊了我对他的视线，并且我不得不眨眼让泪水流出，只为了能看清他。
tr	O	昏暗的房间里有三十多个人，并且我立刻就看到了他。
tr	I	He had bigger concerns on his mind right now , but he knew she was saying it for his benefit .
tr	O	一盏灯亮了，并且我遮住了眼睛。
tr	I	The person was never him , but each time her heart raced .
tr	I	She blushed some more for those thoughts , and he had the softest lips .
tr	O	我们陷入了严重的麻烦，并且我们所有人都知道。
tr	O	他把手放在那个男人的背上，并且他自己的力量流淌而出。
tr	I	I ended up in a city and the king showed me how to leave .
tr	O	贾森检查以确保那枚微型金属录音机还在他的口袋里，并且然后他牵着她的手走向下一个关口。
tr	O	他的左边是一扇飘窗，并且杰弗里可以看到公园的东侧。
tr	O	他却没给她打电话，并且他无法完全理解为什么。
tr	I	He watched me intently the whole time , and I put the thermometer under his tongue .
tr	I	I 'd left it out of my plan , but I 'd seen our Alchemist jailers do it many times .
tr	I	Her heart was in her throat at the thought that she might not see him again and Brian had left her with Jack .
tr	I	Partner with him in a shop he just opened and he wants her to come out .
tr	O	他们一直把我拖到这些帐篷布道会，所以我已经习惯了，但是这次不同。
tr	O	他关掉了麦克风，并且理解之情停留在他严肃的目光之后。
tr	O	我感到她的牙齿抓挠我的脖子，并且我用肘部顶了她的侧面，挣脱了她的束缚。
tr	I	I was suddenly grateful to have him there and he winked at me .
tr	I	Wolves were faster , but vampires were fast .
tr	O	她的胸口感到沉重，并且她在又一次紧张地环顾四周时，用力按住胸口。
tr	I	That made her think of all the times she went shopping with her mother , and she needed a dress for the funeral .
tr	I	Rather , it had chosen her but she had not chosen this path .
tr	I	The blight was still too fresh in mind for me to even think about eating any more dried meat , but most of it was fruit .
tr	O	他笑了，但是那是讥讽的笑声。
tr	I	She really needed my help and maybe she wasn 't joking ?
tr	O	太阳开始升起了，但是他还没有注意到。
tr	I	Police suspect foul play , but the cause of death is not known at this time .
tr	O	他正因自己的笑话而微笑，但是我却不愿冒任何风险。
tr	I	I couldn 't understand where he got the will power - but he was certainly smarter than I was , just avoiding it entirely .
tr	I	The creature fell to the ground and before the banshee could focus , a hatchet slammed into its face .
tr	O	梦想无法支付账单，并且它们当然也无法为未来提供保障。
tr	O	我可以后退，并且他会让我这么做。
tr	O	菲利普不知道自己有多幸运，或者也许他知道。
tr	O	我试图尖叫，向那些野兽大喊让它们停下，但是我无法呼吸。
tr	O	只需她一想到她的梦中情人，并且她就会立刻回到那种欲求不满的沮丧境地。
tr	I	Helen 's lips twisted bitterly , and Ducky 's anxious voice sounded .
tr	I	It did not come , but he expected another beating as payment .
tr	O	他还说她失去了一些记忆，并且医生告诉她她可能永远无法找回它们。
tr	I	Neil couldn 't stick around that long , but Nicky wanted Neil to wait for Andrew .
tr	I	He fitted them together and Mada noticed that they were of the same fruit .
tr	O	他本不想这样告诉她，但是一切都会很快变得一团糟。
tr	I	It would always be there between them , and it underlay everything else in their relationship .
tr	O	时间流逝，并且我遗忘。
tr	O	在短暂的一瞬间，他喘不过气来，但是接着他又像他们一样拼命地跑着。
tr	O	我感觉到上级在召唤我，但是我无法从眼前的这场灾难中脱身。
tr	O	现在天色渐暗，并且斯蒂尔沃特镇至少一半的人已经聚集在后院庆祝。
tr	I	Her body relaxes back toward sleep and her mind settles .
tr	O	玻璃眼睛没有看她，而且那张红润的塑料脸也无法改变表情。
tr	O	那是一个浪漫的景象，甚至富有诗意，并且杰里米从来不倾向于诗意的思考。
tr	I	She turned to Rand a little warily , but the worry left Adele 's face immediately .
tr	O	闭着眼睛，牙关紧咬着，布赖恩的思绪因那该死的美妙感觉而翻腾。
tr	I	I felt no pain , yet before I knew it , I was in another portal , my body being flung around like a rag doll .
tr	I	I sort of like having Gage , with no pressure to choose Logan , and it seems like that will only complicate things .
tr	I	He had no reason to be in a bad humour , and some provision was made for himself in the will .
tr	O	血已经止住了，但是他会留下一个长期存在的巨大疤痕。
tr	O	随着摇晃的减弱，克里斯手上的压力也减弱了，并且船再次骄傲地停泊在海上。
tr	I	Ion could feel the focus in him , and the vigilante stood rooted to the spot .
tr	I	The tingles disappear , and she pulls her hands back .
tr	I	Some were so bold as to tell the tsar how they felt and none lamented his death .
tr	I	The doorbell rang again but when Luis was gone , Michael turned to say something to Jase .
tr	O	我把头扭开，以掩饰我脸上的笑容，因为他只是在玩乐，而我却乐在其中。
tr	I	Nothing would come out , but he tried to call them back .
tr	I	There were hiccups , but we were slowly getting comfortable with one another again .
tr	O	Tavi 僵住了，并且他的嘴巴也干了。
tr	O	我可能不是特别喜欢她，但是我绝不会想让她因为做出那个选择而感到内疚。
tr	O	巴里的青蛙在外面等着他，并且我们能听到巴里的声音从衣柜里传来。
tr	I	It took off and Dean chased the calf out into the open .
tr	O	门被打开了，并且所有人都挤了进去。
tr	O	乔纳森感觉到杰西卡的双臂环绕着他的胸膛收紧，并且他将注意力集中在路上的白线上。
tr	I	He 'd needed to shift to the saving end of the job before he burned out , but he wasn 't ready to hang up his uniform .
tr	O	不，没那么冷，但是我的耳朵很容易冷。
tr	O	我正在把我的沮丧发泄在你身上，而且我真正生气的是达蒙。
tr	I	I wanted to get you on the phone as well but you should receive a certified letter shortly .
tr	O	艾米丽没有回应，但是另一个尖细的声音回应了。
tr	I	He figured that any ships would have landing lights on , but at this time of night , he couldn 't see anything .
tr	O	其它一切我都喜欢，但是时机糟透了。
tr	I	She paid them no mind , but the arguments rifled through her thoughts .
tr	I	He leads me straight into his bedroom , but there are a few doors upstairs .
tr	I	Really , it wouldn 't have been that hard , and I tried to drown .
tr	I	The weekends , at least , still seem to be going strong , but I thought things would settle down now that fall is here .
tr	I	Our eyes locked , and she slipped the cool platinum band down my ring finger .
tr	O	只有一个人会说话，并且那个人不是法国人。
tr	I	There 's nothing to hear , but dove 's still listening .
tr	O	当我没注意杰斯的时候，他推了我的肩膀，并且我猛地摔倒在地。
tr	O	托马斯哭了，并且她停了下来。
tr	I	I started to panic and we approached a door .
tr	I	He didn 't , but I was afraid he was going to argue .
tr	O	他的同性恋身份从不困扰我，但是它在我脑海中。
tr	I	She apparently had no intention of admitting it and the woman behind the mask was Lauren Perkins .
tr	I	She raised her hand , and they began to sing .
tr	I	I was blindfolded , and we were both naked .
tr	I	You just need to let me do this but I 'm really sorry .
tr	O	我的语气比我预想的要生硬，并且我看着他把目光从我身上移开。
tr	O	布丽埃尔走到了队伍的前面，并且那个正要投掷的男孩欣然地把球递了过去。
tr	I	I applaud him and the song finishes .
tr	I	I am aware of them , but those were not our men .
tr	I	Dylan stepped back , and they released each other .
tr	I	It must have seemed greatest so soon after the rebellion but for as long as King Richard lived there would be danger .
tr	O	炎热无济于事，但是不止于此。
tr	I	She was bullshitting me about not knowing how to play or she was either very lucky .
tr	O	生意兴隆，而且我实际上比以前更忙了。
tr	I	Flung it out of the way without difficulty and whenever he struck a rock , he levered the blade of the shovel beneath it .
tr	I	She greeted me with a heartfelt smile and I sat down at my usual seat .
tr	I	You 've been denying any connection with her , hoping to curry favor , and all this time I 've been praising her name .
tr	O	他很清楚这种仓促是多么愚蠢，但是他不能让帕特恩也死去，如果他能救他的话。
tr	O	我不信任他，就像他不信任我一样，但是不知何故我们没有互相说任何坏话。
tr	O	我回到了画作前，并且这次看到了签名。
tr	O	凯西张开嘴想说话，但是尼克还在继续。
tr	O	他让我反向坐着，并且我努力向从后面威胁的人射箭。
tr	O	我们已经在这里两周了，而且我仍然没有找到时间带诺亚去任何地方。
tr	I	It definitely wasn 't that , but he wasn 't certain what he had expected her to say .
tr	O	大卫松了一口气，但是他仍然对西蒙会在知道大卫刚离开后，在这个关键时刻离开银行感到恼火。
tr	O	我又找到了他家的记录，但是他拥有的第二处房产也出现了。
tr	O	他看了看表，并且表显示十点过十分。
tr	I	Andrew 's car was the only one parked there , and the parking lot was out back .
tr	I	They 'd been walking downhill for an hour and it was almost noon .
tr	O	他被扔到椅子上，并且灯亮了。
tr	I	The stars were out , wavering in the wind , and I woke up a few hours later , cold .
tr	O	比尔可以访问公司内部的几乎所有东西，而且他在复制文件方面做得非常出色。
tr	O	你会说我太傻了，但是我下到她的房间里去了。
tr	I	She certainly had control of her own checkbook now , but she might be fighting for control of the company .
tr	I	At least three-quarters were , but not all of the sixty-five thousand seats were taken yet .
tr	I	Six soldiers would carry the firebombs , which could be lobbed as far as somebody could throw them , and Tully planned to start the fires .
tr	I	He 'd lost his own inhibitions somewhere along the way , and he 'd seen a thousand years of long nights .
tr	O	她眼睛周围没有涂那些黑色的东西，并且凯莉剪了一个让她看起来像个男人的发型。
tr	I	It didn 't , but she expected it to hurt .
tr	I	I take a step away from the hot air in my face and the smell of smoke assaults my nose .
tr	I	Now I was drunk , too , and I was paranoid from the pot .
tr	O	现在你回到了我身边，并且我不能给你带来快乐。
tr	O	她闭上眼睛以驱散那个画面，但是那只会让幻象更加强烈。
tr	O	我感觉不好，但是我又能够说什么呢？
tr	I	We stopped just outside the office , and we rounded the corner , walking down the long hallway .
tr	I	It has handmade rugs so soft I sink into them , and yeah , I like the Blue Room , very serene .
tr	I	I feel just happy , and I am still waiting for further opinions of you , people from the whole world .
tr	O	她避免再次提及他的名字，并且我很感激。
tr	O	我双手环住他的脖子，在他口中发出呻吟，并且他将我紧紧地抱在胸前。
tr	I	The name was cut from his lips and the Lender gave him a sharp look .
tr	I	He was simply too exhausted , but he would have held on .
tr	O	它的尾巴夹在腿间，并且它尽可能快地跑开了。
tr	I	None were forthcoming , but I searched my mind for answers .
tr	I	Let 's keep it simple , but actually , I 'm a diluted version of his personality embodied in your sub-conscious since birth .
tr	O	我一直专注于我的思绪，并且我没有看到他开始沿着斜坡滑开。
tr	I	Through the haze of drugs I see him , and I look over my shoulder .
tr	I	I listened to the dial tone , and he hung up on his end .
tr	O	你不是爱国者，并且你的父亲也不是。
tr	O	身体接触有助于安抚塔莎，并且她心不在焉地想知道梅文是否正在使用仙族魔法来让她平静下来。
tr	O	他们说得很快，并且莫娜突然想到他们在争吵。
tr	I	Something about that look makes my tummy melt , and his jaw has a few days of stubble that makes his face look more rugged .
tr	O	他也知道自己表现得很娇气，但是他却无法控制。
tr	O	这大概是他多年来，甚至是从未有过的最不愉快的念头了，并且他本能地抓紧了她。
tr	O	看到查明站在她上方，脸上带血，眼中带着狂野的神情，这让人心碎。
tr	O	她看过大量的恐龙电影，但是亲眼看到它们对她来说是超现实的。
tr	O	布雷克正在用他的手腕做些什么，但是我的目光却紧盯着前门。
tr	O	我说，并且她又擦了擦鼻子。
tr	I	I knew that he had expected me to leave and Tarquin 's expression had changed to one of admiration .
tr	I	Everything had seemed normal , and I 'd watched her check in .
tr	O	他揭露了痛苦的回忆，并且她也承认了令人尴尬的真相。
tr	I	I bang my shins , hard , on the harsh , jagged edge of the stair and I stumble trying to climb up a particularly high step .
tr	I	He liked the dog immediately , but he 'd never pictured Rina with this kind of breed .
tr	I	We stepped out onto the stage together as the opening strains of the song came up , and Jeff handed me one of the cordless mics .
tr	I	They 're pretty spectacularly horrible , but I 'd seen beheadings before .
tr	I	He sits across from me and Daniel covers me with a soft blanket .
tr	I	We bump over the grass in search of the others , and the engine roars as Johanna presses the gas pedal .
tr	I	She slapped my hand away but I reached out to touch her .
tr	O	我央求父亲让我和他们一起去，但是他拒绝了。
tr	I	Something more powerful prevented thee but my mind whispered to avert thy gaze .
tr	O	我走了出去，并且大家拥抱了我。
tr	I	Antagonizing him right now wasn 't wise , and he was wandering somewhere inside his head .
tr	O	其中一名保镖的目光扫向了他，并且他感觉到自己已成为一个引人注目的目标。
tr	O	他可能根本没有注意到她，或者他可能仍在盯着她。
tr	I	He stormed down the hall to his room , and Christopher 's chair screeched against the tiled floor .
tr	I	He noticed she was shaking a little from his caresses , and she lay back .
tr	O	我挣扎着，但是我已没有力气了。
tr	I	His was gone , which was truly odd to witness and men of this time period lost their hair .
tr	O	院子里闪烁着激光灯，并且我问自己这真是一个奶奶的家吗。
tr	O	她挥了挥手，并且盖在他们身上的毯子退了回去。
tr	I	Dave annexed the lab and Little Mike departed , shaking his head .
tr	O	她本来玩得很开心，而且现在这个女人正在毁了这一切！
tr	I	The imprint of large fingers could clearly be seen and indeed a deep , purple bruise encircled the top of her arm .
tr	O	他再次把手放在我的手上，并且这次我没有抽开。
tr	I	She let hers drop , and Maddie held on to his hand until he 'd moved too far away .
tr	I	His image still hovered at the front of Nate 's consciousness , but the strange man may have left .
tr	O	他点点头，但是他的眼里有什么东西我不喜欢。
tr	O	这些都是普通的问题，并且我总是如实回答。
tr	I	Pete next door said he 's lost three and it took two of my lambs last week .
tr	O	臭小子我说了好多话，并且他提出了一些很好的观点。
tr	I	No makeup sprawled all over her vanity and there were no clothes on the floor .
tr	O	在我还没来得及开口之前她的嘴唇就贴在我耳边了，并且她的手正隔着我的牛仔裤揉搓着我瞬间硬挺的阴茎。
tr	I	Rivers sighed , resting his head against the wall , and several prisoners exchanged nervous looks .
tr	I	It came from behind but I heard gun shots .
tr	O	她眨了眨眼，然后摇了摇头，试图集中注意力，但是当他那样对她的手时，这很难做到。
tr	I	At least for now they 've carded that ' safe ' , and our exposure will only be a matter of a few minutes .
tr	O	莎拉几乎看不到他的脸，但是她知道他正盯着房子看。
tr	O	她可能美得要命，但是她是个很爱出汗的人。
tr	O	我唯一相信能够将它们重新拼凑起来的人是克里斯托弗，并且他似乎完全不愿意这样做。
tr	I	They 'll just have to be quicker , but the automatons would be a problem .
tr	O	玛丽昂透过咖啡杯看着我，并且我差点噎住。
tr	O	肯死了，并且许多生命被毁了。
tr	O	那个句子里的某些东西触动了丹尼斯的心弦，但是他却想不明白那是什么。
tr	O	他开始笑了，并且双胞胎也跟着他笑了。
tr	O	他没看到任何驯鹿，但是他以前见过一排排蓝色的灯光——就在镇外的机场。
tr	O	几个男人打量了我一番，但是我们经过的每个女孩都盯着亚历山大，好像他就是正在表演魔术的克里斯·安吉尔。
tr	O	我最后一个跳进去，并且然后我们就出发了。
tr	I	She couldn 't keep her arms crossed forever and the thin material wasn 't hiding a single thing from his view .
tr	O	我知道你现在不想考虑那个，但是那就是生活。
tr	I	Another one moved to Kansas , which is why we travel there occasionally and four of our boys stayed in Texas .
tr	I	It 's not there but the police told us they 've found its tyre marks in the yard of Ryland 's back drive .
tr	O	姑且称之为直觉吧，但是有些不对劲。
tr	I	Then she had to deal with what her eyes were showing her , and that was al the respite that she got .
tr	I	I crawled out of the gutters of Flea Bottom , and you were born of a camp follower .
tr	I	I gave directions and the cab arrived .
tr	O	帕奇轻笑了一声，但是那笑容却带着一丝锋芒。
tr	I	Others wouldn 't be so strong but she could resist the blood bond .
tr	I	He didn 't want to remember Abbey , and he didn 't want to be cheery today .
tr	I	Tears perched on the bottom lids waiting to spill down his cheeks , and they were red .
tr	O	我的呼吸卡在喉咙里，并且我转过身。
tr	I	They seemed willing to trust her judgment , but they hadn 't been happy about it .
tr	I	I opened my eyes , and he kissed me on my forehead like a parent .
tr	O	司机跳下卡车，并且他的沉重靴子嘎吱作响地踩在碎石上。
tr	I	She 'd spoken loudly enough to draw the attention of someone in authority , but he didn 't bother .
tr	I	I wouldn 't need it , but the screen on his desk was dark .
tr	O	我知道你开始舔他们的脚的那一刻，它会走向何方，并且我希望它走向那里。
tr	I	Now the world could see us , but I wanted to kiss him again .
tr	O	她也抱住了我，并且我听到她抽泣。
tr	O	医生们都认为她的父亲会在一定程度上康复，但是只有时间才能说明他会恢复多少活动能力。
tr	I	They had seen more ghosts entering the circle of lights , but they hadn 't seen anything lurking .
tr	O	他摇头，并且他的痛苦笼罩着我。
tr	O	重要的是她宝宝的幸福，并且安吉的也是。
tr	O	床很舒服，并且塔雅让她独处。
tr	I	His mouth was entirely upside down , and his cheeks were at different heights .
tr	I	The next started , and the song ended .
tr	O	他们受了伤，但是他们还活着。
tr	I	I wasn 't trying to be but I am sorry I was rude .
tr	I	It would take too long to dig so many separate ones , but that wasn 't a whole lot better .
tr	O	她父亲在内战开始后不久就去世了，并且露西和她母亲一起搬回了罗奇。
tr	I	She turned to the right , and it emptied into a hallway .
tr	O	赛亚早些时候把它关了，但是我们都开始冻僵了。
tr	I	I 'm tired , but it 's early .
tr	I	Every comfort was shown them and the food had been excellent .
tr	O	她没告诉我为什么，但是那时，自去年夏天以来我们没怎么说过话。
tr	I	The fire was contained , but the cabin is gone .
tr	I	Her voice was firm , but she didn 't sound angry .
tr	I	Landing on the deck had jarred his bones again , but he gasped for air as the numbness in his arm slightly subsided .
tr	O	我只考虑了新的治愈规则会如何影响我，但是费利克斯是一个同族后裔。
tr	I	Now we 're looking for one of your sisters , and we picked up Tall Man two hours ago .
tr	I	I knew I wanted to be in it , but I had no idea what the amateur contest was about .
tr	O	她努力想重新抓住那棵树，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	It tore me up to watch him like this , but I didn 't know why he was so tortured .
tr	I	I know that it 's her way of retaliating to the people who badmouth our family , but she 's never said .
tr	O	他抬头看着她，并且她向那捆东西点了点头。
tr	I	She opened it a crack , and he knocked on the door .
tr	I	For some reason it wouldn 't come , but there was something more to be said .
tr	O	我想知道他的存在正在对我做些什么，并且他笑了。
tr	O	那块奇特的墙壁继续困扰着凯西，并且她慢慢地走近它。
tr	I	She wanted good company and he 'd had potential disaster tossed at his feet on his wedding day ?
tr	I	Mitchell might have a point , but I hate to admit it .
tr	I	At the same time , he stayed true to his character , but I saw it in his face .
tr	O	她不记得米奇告诉她的大部分事情，但是有某种东西让她不想参加新西兰体验之旅。
tr	O	我是一名机械师，而且我拥有丛林飞行员的经验。
tr	I	The dawn was almost over and the houses were still empty .
tr	O	她很少有在线朋友，并且那些男孩都有了着落。
tr	O	我摇了摇头，但是我的身体其他部分都僵住了。
tr	O	肯尼坐了回去，并且斗牛犬下移到肯尼的视线高度。
tr	I	I know what she 's saying , but I can 't hear her from where I stand .
tr	I	I didn 't dare set off Hank , but a slew of spiteful responses sprang to mind .
tr	O	他倒在她身上，喘着粗气，并且她能感受到他狂跳的心脏。
tr	O	这只是我突如其来、可能有点天真的能量爆发所产生的余震。
tr	O	我极度渴望离开，但是他语气中的恳求压倒了我。
tr	I	I 'm sorry and I messed up .
tr	O	果然，她的母亲不再是金发了，但是夏延认出了那双眼睛，那个笑容。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我被她吸引。
tr	I	No words were coming out but his mouth was moving like he was shouting .
tr	O	他伸手到门后，并且我感到之前的肾上腺素开始发挥作用。
tr	O	这匹马可能很温顺，但是马有自己独特的固执。
tr	O	门在她身后无声地关上了，并且她环顾四周，试图在黑暗中看清。
tr	I	I 'm able to control the energy I release better so as not to injure it and the arm is getting stronger .
tr	I	I groaned as I saw my dad 's name on the screen again and my phone started ringing again .
tr	I	He knew he had to tell them everything , but Thomas hesitated at first .
tr	I	I immediately understood his train of thought and Felix muttered the word .
tr	I	He shoved Grant off in a rush of strength and Adrenaline flooded his system .
tr	O	他不相信走廊里的狼蛛是真的，然而他仍然感觉到它恶心的腿在他的手上爬动。
tr	I	I sat in its place , and he moved a duffel bag from the passenger seat into the back .
tr	I	Chapman immediately had to cough , and Nicole crossed her eyes .
tr	O	凯文又用力拉了几次钥匙，但是它似乎被焊死在孔里了。
tr	I	The rest of her was just too tired , but part of her wanted him again .
tr	O	他又等了整整十分钟，直到他的耐心达到极限并开始走向入口门。
tr	O	查理醒来时仍带着他昨晚感受到的紧迫感，但是当时才早上七点。
tr	I	She did not venture further than that and the entire lake fit within the two-mile boundary .
tr	I	He listened to the rant like the good friend that he was but Jimmy didn 't think she was serious .
tr	I	They feel just like you do , and I 've met several women who have had similar experiences .
tr	I	He couldn 't afford to give away holes to Buzz , and it had almost cost him the hole .
tr	I	The deadweight nearly pulled her down , and he had one arm around her .
tr	I	The camp was subdued , and the day was overcast , as usual .
tr	O	我觉得我们在侵犯别人的隐私，但是至少如果有人为此生气，我们可以把责任推给蒂娜。
tr	I	He wasn 't going to start now and he 'd never taken a woman there .
tr	I	Sage felt more comfortable on the ground , but Pat would ride .
tr	O	咔哒一声，并且有什么东西抵在了他的后颈。
tr	O	我转身看着他，并且他的脸毫无表情。
tr	I	How would he know where to go from there , but he 'd track my cell phone to the street outside Pete 's Locker Room ?
tr	O	Vic在我到达的同时就抓住了她，并且我把我的胸针按在她手中。
tr	I	At how stupid I must have sounded , and Gideon was grinning , probably at me .
tr	O	也许她没有，但是那不是借口。
tr	O	差不多一半的票都是假的，但是检票员无法分辨它们。
tr	I	It didn 't work , but he started drinking to calm himself .
tr	I	There was no attempt for comfort , but he laid down on a cot on the floor .
tr	O	我实际上无法让任何事情变得更好，但是我能让她知道我会在她身边。
tr	I	She wanted to stay with her brother , but she had to meet with this doctor .
tr	O	他的手没事，而且虽然那是一种奇怪的感觉，但他并未受伤。
tr	I	Noel glanced at the monitor next to his bed , and there was a loud ding .
tr	O	我欣喜若狂地大喊，并且在那一刻我知道我能给他任何东西，承诺他任何事情。
tr	I	It was a war , and because something was coming .
tr	O	我应该提问，而且她应该回答。
tr	O	我抬头，并且我的心飞扬。
tr	I	The room still sways , but I feel strong enough .
tr	I	They were hot , and she was meeting them for the first time .
tr	O	Sugar 从未告诉她关于查理的事，并且她对此反应很不好。
tr	I	I caught her dorsal fin and Mitch swam up to me .
tr	O	我伸出双臂，并且她猛地撞进我怀里。
tr	I	My person had become emaciated with confinement , and my cheek had grown pale with study .
tr	O	蜂群散去已经十分钟了，并且我们都站在储藏室里。
tr	O	厨房里没有多少东西，但是地下室里却堆满了罐头食品。
tr	O	我不知道阿伯丁在哪里，但是苏格兰并没有那么大。
tr	O	我认出了她的声音，但是它还是把我吓了一跳。
tr	I	She would survive her broken heart until I could see her again and she was tough .
tr	I	I start to lose myself in him and he runs his fingers into my hair .
tr	O	大多数女人对你来说都太矮了，但是布雷登会在沙滩上赤脚。
tr	O	我想避开那眼神，但是他的眼睛却牢牢地抓住我的目光。
tr	I	In this case he was pushing his luck , but they usually leaned in favor of the doctor .
tr	I	They want to take it back , but they know it belongs to us now .
tr	O	她手臂上起了鸡皮疙瘩，并且她从洞穴里向外窥视。
tr	I	I decided I would enjoy it , and there was one more escape to execute .
tr	I	I didn 't know why , but it does do that .
tr	O	当他们离婚时，我以为事情最终会水落石出，但是它没有。
tr	O	我握住门把手，准备出去，但是随即又止住了。
tr	O	她没想过他会对此考虑很多，而且他当然也没想过她。
tr	I	I was really looking out for her , but she thought I was an ass .
tr	I	Then he ran some more , and he ran until his legs felt ready to drop off .
tr	O	他问，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	I 've seen you on the court and I know how much you love basketball .
tr	I	There was a rip on the sofa 's arm , and the windows needed to be washed , for instance .
tr	O	他叹了口气，随意地耸了耸肩，但是他下巴上的一块肌肉抽动了一下。
tr	I	Madden returned him to his seat by pressing down on his shoulder , but Napier started to stand .
tr	O	她的手臂紧紧地环抱着我，并且她把脸埋在我的颈窝里，她的脸颊温暖地贴着我的皮肤。
tr	O	我从未问过他是什么，而且他也不应该知道我能读懂心思。
tr	I	She wouldn 't make a scene , but Deep hurt settled in her chest .
tr	I	For a moment she looks as if she 's going to say something serious to me and I catch her eye .
tr	I	Her plan had failed , but Dee was obviously trying her best to find a way out of her current predicament .
tr	I	He sets aside his phone , and we take seats beside Nathan .
tr	O	这只野兽没有人类的大脑，并且它与我们所见过的任何东西都不同。
tr	I	He couldn 't do that , but he wanted to leave the factory , walk over to the pub to see Caitlin again .
tr	O	她的心在胸中颤动，并且她发现自己几乎无法不颤抖地看着他。
tr	O	唯一的好处是板球，但是他们不允许你整天都玩那个。
tr	O	她笑了，并且他也回以微笑，很高兴看到她醒来。
tr	I	They all wanted to screw him , and most of those people were girls .
tr	I	At least it was a start , but I wasn 't ready for anything .
tr	O	她瞥向蔡斯，并且他也向她点了点头，仿佛他同样意识到了这一点。
tr	O	听着，很抱歉你看到了你所看到的一切，并且我完全理解你做出那种反应的原因。
tr	I	I just didn 't care and I sobbed into his chest .
tr	O	她没有动，但是她正面对着斯坦纳德。
tr	O	科尔顿用力眨了眨眼，他的视线模糊了。
tr	O	他看起来受伤了，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	I knew he would be gone forever , and he walked away from me .
tr	I	A faint light was coming from a Care Bear nightlight , and the plum curtains were pulled closed , blocking out the sun .
tr	I	His body radiated warmth , but Sean might say he was cold .
tr	I	I need you , and I need them .
tr	I	Clay certainly couldn 't ignore it , but it was difficult material to read .
tr	I	She purred loudly , and he tickled the kitten under her chin .
tr	O	我点了点头，并且康妮在大厅里做了个手势。
tr	I	We saw nobody and there were no traps along the way .
tr	I	The light shining through gives her hair an ethereal appearance and the wall behind her is all windows .
tr	I	She awoke everyday to their soothing greeting , and she had wind chimes on her balcony .
tr	O	他的目光猛地与我对视，他慢慢地任思绪流淌，他的存在再次在我脑海中如轻柔的嗡鸣。
tr	I	Her expression grew more quizzical , and the girl seemed to cock her head .
tr	O	在那些灌木丛中藏复活节彩蛋，在前廊吃冰棒，把树叶耙成一堆然后跳进去。
tr	I	I see where we are and I look out the window .
tr	O	两分钟过去了，但是爆炸没有发生。
tr	I	I cursed myself for getting so wrapped up inside Kiran 's world and Sebastian 's satisfied voice echoed Kiran 's English accent from the doorway .
tr	I	No attempt was made to disguise the fact that she had once claimed that place at the table , and Frances 's place was conspicuously left vacant .
tr	O	看不到任何人，但是他确实发现了一扇锁着的后门。
tr	I	Now that we were getting closer , I was having second thoughts , but I 'd agreed to it easily enough in the theatre .
tr	I	There would be others , but Ian had said that the man who 'd set the bomb had died with it .
tr	O	汽车撞到的商店里起火了，并且时代广场又亮起了一点灯光。
tr	I	They start the inquiry , and other police officers arrive as well .
tr	O	他除了是我的飞行员，曾经还是我的情人，并且也许他会再次成为。
tr	O	她的目光扫到我穿着的芝加哥消防局运动衫，并且一丝认出神色掠过她的脸庞。
tr	O	失去一名优秀的士官总是令人难受，但是一次失去两名则真的令人心痛。
tr	I	I soon drifted off while the television played Ace 's favorite movie , The Terminator and they left .
tr	I	I could barely gasp breaths , but this would have been an ideal time to scream .
tr	O	诺埃尔这次拿得更多，并且感觉很棒。
tr	I	Soon I was talking to Sky face to face while Chewie went to go find Kev and they got me through security without issue .
tr	O	你运用你的智慧并动作快如闪电，绝不让他占上风。
tr	I	His face tensed up as he came , flooding me with his hot seed and his body shook .
tr	O	他赞美了她母亲所穿的连衣裙，并且他们就上路了。
tr	I	My whole perception of Willow was beginning to change , and I had more questions than answers .
tr	I	Then he turned sober , but he laughed .
tr	I	He already wanted her again , and Pleasure still coursed through him .
tr	O	他的靴子擦过我的脖子，并且他重重地落到地毯上。
tr	I	It will slow them down , but it won 't stop them .
tr	O	他的双手紧握着拐杖的顶部，并且他惊讶地扬起双眉。
tr	O	法兰绒男的头摇向一边，他的牙齿挣脱开来，但是台球杆从中间折断了。
tr	O	她的回复被递给了内特，并且他打开了。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but Holly laughed at me .
tr	O	我们周围的人都站了起来，鼓着掌，但是我们四个人仍然坐在座位上。
tr	I	As soon as I had accepted it in my head , it was so and we were sisters .
tr	O	我们会团结在一起，并且一切都会好起来的。
tr	O	他一定曾希望我会被手术缠住，但是我就坐在这里，再一次破坏他的计划。
tr	O	我现在不害怕了，并且我也不知道为什么。
tr	O	他的姑妈表现得很自然，但是她并没有那么傻。
tr	I	Now I 'm waiting , and I finished his errand .
tr	O	我对她耳语回应，并且他差点笑了出来。
tr	O	我通常可以轻易地填补那些沉默，但是我的大脑仍然感觉有些模糊。
tr	I	I hardly care but I feel cold .
tr	O	我的手指碰到了一个裂口，并且我们都吓了一跳。
tr	O	在第七局下半，循道宗以八比六领先，并且浸礼宗的休息区气氛紧张。
tr	I	I nodded , and he said .
tr	I	I 'm not in labor , but well , they feel real .
tr	I	My cell buzzed once more and I rolled onto my side .
tr	O	泪水模糊了他的双眼，并且剩下的歌声被一声声的抽泣淹没了。
tr	O	我摇头表示拒绝，但是他举起了一只手。
tr	O	是的，她父亲的去世确实令人震惊，但是当时她的悲伤却显得……形式化。
tr	O	他立刻松开了我，但是他眼中带着审视的目光。
tr	I	The kids were at school and Uncle Stewart was at work .
tr	I	He was twelve that she 'd first felt her heart skip upon seeing him and it wasn 't until the summer that she was eleven .
tr	I	Now it was confirmed and she had suspected Greg had placed him here as a spy .
tr	O	我几乎无法理解她要说什么，并且我也不确定这现在是否重要。
tr	O	我的平板电脑在我手中颤抖，并且麦克斯凑了过来。
tr	O	有这么多扇门我本可以进去的，并且他立刻决定走向这一扇？
tr	O	我本来得再把一个球抛向空中，并希望重力不会赢。
tr	O	这很引人入胜，但是这很疯狂。
tr	O	斯卡怒视着弗雷，并且她荒谬地笑了起来。
tr	I	That was quite aggravating , and I couldn 't find them otherwise .
tr	I	Lifting her shoe from the leash , she reached down for the pigeon , and Melina said .
tr	O	我渴望问她为什么没有立刻告诉她丈夫我被戴上了面具，但是话语在舌尖变成了木屑。
tr	I	There was no time , but with all his soul , he wanted to devour the man , to close his jaws on his flesh .
tr	I	Clay took Julia 's hands in his , and Julia gave the flowers to her sister .
tr	I	She couldn 't breathe easily and Jenny 's voice was beginning to shake .
tr	I	He was going to end this unpleasant chapter and they became the authors of his misery .
tr	I	He 'd soon found himself falling off to sleep again , and the only problem was that the brew had made him sleepy as well .
tr	O	迦勒用手肘捅了我几下，但是我无法停止凝视。
tr	O	你可能想假装你在追求事业，但是我们都知道你只是在逃避面对你的心魔！
tr	I	I stood frozen in place , but he walked to the door .
tr	I	Ragged breaths rasped from my lungs , and Sweat drenched my body .
tr	I	I pushed it open and it forced my hand back on the door .
tr	O	他们也赋予了他们脾气，并且那是关于至高王的一件事，它并没有随着岁月而减弱。
tr	I	She was buying the gas so Sam had better not complain , but it was a long drive to the school .
tr	I	She pressed ahead , but when he indicated no interest in how she 'd managed it , the disquieting thought that he already knew jarred her confidence .
tr	I	Isaiah so deserves it , but I haven 't even played this game with my brothers in years .
tr	I	This one I could write books about , and the second time comes only a little later , however .
tr	I	There was a white picket fence surrounding the perimeter of the home , and a swing hung from the tree .
tr	O	我知道我答应过会规矩，但是 我忍不住。
tr	I	She knew it probably looked crazy , but she 'd sent Sutton 's friends quick texts before she left , saying she didn 't feel well .
tr	O	他一直认为那是懦夫的行为，并且 他从来不是懦夫。
tr	I	They weren 't looking at it , but one of the books was open in her lap .
tr	I	I want you to think the answers , and I 'm going to ask you a few questions .
tr	I	He took a deep breath to calm himself and Gareth 's sudden anger threw him off his stride .
tr	I	He tolerates me and I pamper him .
tr	O	下午本该是空闲的，但是 我的电话答录机上有留言。
tr	I	Darcy slowly lost the battle of wills and his face wouldn 't give an inch .
tr	O	随着时间的推移，派对逐渐冷清，并且 芬坦的焦虑也随之增长。
tr	I	The blossoming trees were full of radiant colour and the gravel on the driveway was satisfyingly pliant .
tr	I	It shouldn 't have , but the heat in my voice surprised me .
tr	I	I ran before I could give the situation another thought , and the world sped up as the fever rushed over me .
tr	I	I can hold off a whole tribe of Indians trying to crawl through that small opening , and there 's no fever in this wound .
tr	O	列维迅速地接管了，并且 我甚至没看到是谁送来的。
tr	O	他会原谅她，因为 他是她的丈夫，并且他爱她。
tr	O	他们的额头相触，并且 他们的目光交织在一起。
tr	O	我能感觉到我站得很直，但是 我却感觉不到我的双腿。
tr	I	She just stared at me with a look of confusion , but I smiled , feeling joyous inside , happy for Henrietta .
tr	O	警戒线被拉在了整个周界，并且我们不想冒险惹麻烦。
tr	I	Paul gathered her into the group , but Amanda moved back from the crowd .
tr	I	She would not let him defeat her , but she was hurt , gasping for breath .
tr	I	I don 't think it 's from time travel , but Everything goes dark as when a curtain closes on a stage .
tr	O	他看到了那个天坑，并且在天坑下方，是他傍晚早些时候注意到的地下河的清凉河水。
tr	O	里斯似乎对他的回应很满意，并且他转身看向那个女孩。
tr	O	不久雨势变得倾盆，并且雷声就在他们正上方。
tr	I	He couldn 't say no , but Mike wasn 't so sure .
tr	I	He grinned , grabbing her hand to stop her and he was ticklish .
tr	I	Nothing moved , but I waited .
tr	O	你给了我一个绝妙的主意，并且我就是喜欢它。
tr	I	I could hardly breathe , and he stared up into the space I occupied .
tr	I	The scientist reads the label and Shaw hands him the vial .
tr	O	他们继续骑行，并且夜色在山谷中逐渐深沉。
tr	I	I pulled my invitation out of the air and he got to me .
tr	I	I tightened my grip around it and it felt cool in my hand .
tr	I	Then he didn 't like lengthy conversations , but it wasn 't scintillating conversation at best .
tr	I	She said she wasn 't hungry but I 'd tried to feed her again .
tr	O	她吸了口气，试图止住眼泪，但是它们仍旧不断涌出。
tr	I	He took the chair across from me , and I sat down .
tr	O	我知道我的分身只是一个没有工作部件的空壳，但是一想到它就很糟糕。
tr	O	他们沉默了仿佛永恒的时光，但是实际上，那只有几秒钟。
tr	O	她的语气让史蒂芬感到困扰，但是他表现出他需要咨询。
tr	O	顺畅的交通让我前进，但是我仍然觉得他的商店仿佛远在数百英里之外。
tr	I	Then his eyes narrowed , and he blinked in surprise .
tr	O	她准备好了，并且他们都围在厨房岛旁，赞叹着咖啡的绝妙风味。
tr	I	He had brought me here to impress me and this had to be his boss 's room .
tr	O	他们的花园里有绰绰有余的花，但是她没有抱怨。
tr	O	他们需要他，并且他们需要我。
tr	O	医用口罩令人窒息，但是兰德尔不敢摘下它。
tr	I	We make love on the beach and he kisses me softly , pulling me to him .
tr	O	健壮的田径队男孩们比我高大得多，而且约翰只比他们高一点点。
tr	I	There 's no key under it but I lift it up .
tr	I	Now she noticed several packages on the dresser , but she hadn 't paid much attention on waking .
tr	I	He didn 't budge but she attempted to brush away the stranger 's help .
tr	I	She ran away outside , and I started to laugh .
tr	O	她尖叫着，并且贾里德仍然困惑地盯着她。
tr	O	他在去门口的路上被两侧的助手们簇拥着，但是我必须想办法引起他的注意。
tr	I	It was almost finished and Matt had been restoring it for several years .
tr	O	他心情很糟地走出房间，并且他的左臂打着绷带挂在吊带里。
tr	I	We rode around the corner old style and ' Clock 's ticking , ' I was anxious to avoid revisiting last night 's discussion .
tr	I	How you contact Mr. Clause and give me all your passwords .
tr	O	我付了司机15欧元，并且我正前往售票处。
tr	I	It gives me comfort and I 've had this dream many times this past week .
tr	O	它们将被修复，并且毫无疑问会沿着我们向北的航线追捕我们。
tr	I	This is the ideal situation , the wisdom and you become a step ahead of your shadow .
tr	O	车顶放下了，并且太阳出来了。
tr	O	第二次感觉好多了，并且我意识到她想幽默时是很有趣的。
tr	I	Instead of taking time to mourn , he avoided his memories by throwing himself even further into work , but Paul was devastated by the loss .
tr	O	有熊的脚印，并且到处都是血。
tr	I	You 're certainly not going to New Orleans alone , but I realize this is something you have to do .
tr	O	瑞德夫人把房子打扫得很干净，但是家的气息却缺失了。
tr	I	Abigail continued the rounds of introductions with her father and they all bowed politely .
tr	I	Once he 'd left the school , I 'd seen him at a club in London , and he 'd been a teacher at Hex Hall .
tr	O	安妮放了手，而且伊维瘫坐在地上，揉着她疼痛的脖子。
tr	O	苏珊·海兰可能和毒贩们在一起，但是她不笨。
tr	I	The bottom dropped out of my belly and he grinned lazily .
tr	O	几台机器围绕着它放置，而且到处都是电线。
tr	I	Mustapha was drinking a Coca-Cola , and Alcide was having a beer .
tr	O	那个矮个子孩子看起来不如他的伙伴强壮，但是他很结实，这应该能让他成为更好的攀爬者。
tr	I	He wouldn 't ruin Miranda 's happiness with his ugly mood , and Shame would inevitably lead to hatred .
tr	I	It doesn 't mean they don 't notice just the same , but I try not to flaunt it , most of the time .
tr	O	我以为疼痛现在应该已经减轻了，但是还没有。
tr	O	我爱格蕾，但是我同样爱芬恩。
tr	I	I forced them back and tears burned my eyes .
tr	I	Several of the men around him moved away from him , and the man who had thrown the spear stepped back in fear .
tr	I	He tapped a finger on the table and Sampson 's eyes flashed .
tr	I	It was the same suit , but the suit lacked its distinctive tatters .
tr	I	She was a good sport about letting him watch the games when they were televised , but blythe hated anything having to do with professional basketball .
tr	I	A couple of people shrugged out of sweaters , and Water bottles joined coffee cups on the floor .
tr	I	He wanted to yell orders , the prick and we were having our asses handed to us .
tr	I	They were off and the goatee man tossed a few bucks on the table .
tr	O	树林与北草坪接壤，而且我扫视着眼前的景象。
tr	I	Your mother loves you very much but I know you might be scared when you see her .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop , but my lies were spinning into a clusterfuck .
tr	I	Then Axel was there , ripping Malcolm away from her , and footsteps pounded .
tr	O	他本想让她过上好日子，给她一个家，而且现在已经太迟了。
tr	O	你没有下去，而且你也未能联系上他们。
tr	I	A MEAN PEOPLE SUCK sticker someone had stuck to the wall , and there was a great Shakespearean sayings poster next to the blackboard .
tr	I	She buried deeper into the sea green blanket and a shiver seized her body .
tr	O	伯爵傲慢地停在了运河岸边，而且亚历克西娅只用了一瞬间就猜想他们必须过河。
tr	I	The gesture looked stiff , but David shrugged .
tr	O	这个版本更旧，损坏更严重，但是它依然是同一本书。
tr	O	他的声音比我预想的要高一些，而且他用紧张的笑声补充着他的话，丰满的手指梳理着他红褐色的头发。
tr	O	热泪灼烧着她的眼睛，但是她仍然没有哭出来。
tr	I	It was only matter of time before he possessed her body , and Hearts were following .
tr	I	He winked as he drove by , and his dark eyes caught Melinda 's .
tr	I	Now I can 't even talk to him , and I know he saved me .
tr	I	He pulled me onto the boat and his strong arms grabbed me by my shoulders .
tr	I	It could have been makeup , but her face was suitably green .
tr	I	I fall a step back , and he takes another step closer .
tr	I	Now he was realizing there were pitfalls as well , but there were perks to being rich .
tr	I	Down the gorgeous bluestone steps circling back down to the driveway , and I took the outside path past the pool , the bar .
tr	I	He remained coldly silent , but she waited for some answer .
tr	I	I held back , but I wanted to kiss her again .
tr	I	There were a number of ugly incidents , and that irritated the generals .
tr	I	She envied them , envied any pair she saw together , yet Sylvie wasn 't sure .
tr	I	He seemed to sense my positive outlook and I reassured him he would be all right .
tr	I	They were true , but those words were so hard to utter .
tr	O	他把他们推开，把他们击倒，但是人太多了，无法只专注于一个。
tr	O	我们没有任何成功所需的东西，而且我感到我的肩膀下垂了。
tr	I	Shelly would never know and there was no risk .
tr	O	我交往过不少女生，并且我见过那种情况能对人造成什么影响。
tr	O	有两把配套的扶手椅，并且她坐了第二把。
tr	I	I must be certain that it is genuine and the letter they brought contained worrying news .
tr	I	She saw the doubt in his eyes , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	O	她说我出生时曾祖母病了，并且他们不知道她是否能活下来。
tr	O	我打开卧室门，发现床换了新床单，而且房间也很整洁。
tr	O	那个孩子竟然想用最基础的咒语来对付她，而且如果她没有被警告，这甚至可能奏效。
tr	I	Suddenly she was hunched over the tiny screen , her fingers mashing buttons , a smirk on her lips and her hand vanished .
tr	O	他从未玩过他们的游戏，但是他知道他们有。
tr	O	疼痛是即刻的，但是我却一直反击。
tr	O	我本无意让它听起来那么刺耳，但是它确实如此。
tr	O	Aiden 稍微领先，并且 Louise 挽着 Christian 的手臂跟在后面，一路上安慰着他。
tr	O	她已经回家好几周了，而且 Liz 觉得自己是世界上最糟糕的朋友。
tr	O	那之后的一切都开始变得有意义了，并且现在，我只是非常恼火。
tr	O	之后 Hopper 就睡着了，并且我以为 Sydney 也会。
tr	O	我的皮肤上起了鸡皮疙瘩，并且空气中弥漫着黑暗能量。
tr	I	They were constantly together , and it had only been a couple of months .
tr	O	在某种程度上他是对的，但是我需要那本书才能达到某个程度。
tr	O	我不为此感到骄傲，Toby，并且他从没发现。
tr	O	公寓大楼本身看起来有些可疑，但是她的公寓却是一个真正的家。
tr	I	He shrugged it off , but Jason felt a twinge of guilt .
tr	I	I opened my mouth in a silent scream , and I 'd never used a portal by myself .
tr	O	他们的民防训练终于付诸实践，并且他们知道该怎么做。
tr	I	Hey , at this point , anything was worth a try , but Sara felt like an idiot knowing what she was about to do .
tr	O	凯恩，这听起来可能很精神病，但是我认为它可能带着饥饿的复仇气息跟着我。
tr	O	她只知道她的朋友现在在那里，并且她能听到脑海中的声音。
tr	I	She longed to know her , to gain something of a mother figure from her , and her grandmother was always affectionate in her letters .
tr	O	这发生在我身上，并且我的朋友因此而死。
tr	O	一旦睡意袭来，她就完成了她已经开始的事情，并且到了早上，他就像未来的人类一样了。
tr	O	他满怀热情地加入了APW，决心有所作为，并且起初这似乎是可能的。
tr	I	He felt a ripple of excitement when her mouth curved into a tempting smile , and her golden hair glistened like strands of lustrous glass .
tr	I	I could well imagine it , but luckily I couldn 't make out what he was saying to Madame Rossini .
tr	O	我不需要看底部的名字就知道它会说什么，但是我还是看了。
tr	I	It would be possible , but it would be difficult .
tr	I	My resolve wavered at seeing his dark eyes , and he coolly glanced up at me when I entered .
tr	I	There was more to this thing between them , but Attraction was easy .
tr	O	她布满皱纹的脸裂开一个邪恶的笑容，并且她消失了。
tr	I	Whatever it is , it 's spreading , and we sparked something .
tr	I	That night could hardly sleep , and she was silent all evening .
tr	O	每个人都赢了，并且我们将神器远离邪恶之手。
tr	O	愧疚感在啃噬着她，但是他也没有说出自己的意图。
tr	I	I want to make sure you are safe , but I want to do my job .
tr	O	我多年来第一次意识到，我可以做任何我想做的事情，并且那些想法在我的脑海中扎根了。
tr	O	我爱她，而且我会永远爱她。
tr	O	我不会说自己胖，但是我能减掉一点纳菲林的赘肉。
tr	O	她的呼吸现在变得非常吃力，并且她的声音是嘶哑的哽咽。
tr	I	Each accepted a small cup of water from a silent young man , and they took a single deep breath .
tr	I	That 's what made me think about coming here , and Thursday was the anniversary of my dad 's death .
tr	I	I 'd lived years not know who I really was , and he 'd lived with the fear of never seeing me again .
tr	I	I have no idea how , but I just want to catch my breath .
tr	I	Claire caught him at it , and Michael had lied to them .
tr	I	Then he realized that bastard Wyatt was the one urging him on , but at first , he thought the urging was just inside of himself .
tr	I	I slipped into my comfortable black sneakers , and I chose to wear all black because I didn 't know what my character would be like .
tr	I	Showing them where to park their car and upon arrival at the airfield an old age pensioner gave him directions .
tr	O	阳光在移动的阴影间刺痛了他的眼睛，并且大卫的头开始抽痛。
tr	I	These cities in actuality were swallowed up into mega cities , but which end of the city you traveled to decided what you called it .
tr	I	I wasn 't afraid , but I knew he was a Daimon .
tr	O	刹那间我以为是我喊出了那个词，但是下一刻我就知道不是我。
tr	I	I promised her , and she promised me .
tr	O	这让她对自己的孩子充满了渴望，并且然后她对这股难以抑制的冲动摇了摇头。
tr	I	Unfortunately none of them were in law enforcement , but Lily had relatives all across the five boroughs .
tr	O	现在他能看到她开始颤抖，而且她的脸比平时苍白。
tr	I	He grabs my hand first , squeezes my fingers , then lets me go , but I move to touch him .
tr	I	Holding on to her helped him focus , and he wanted to do a proper job .
tr	I	It was thought that he would never be seen again , and the man disappeared sometime during the night .
tr	O	我说是健身房，但是它可能相当于五个健身房加起来那么大。
tr	I	He followed , shutting the door behind them and he gestured for her to go on in .
tr	I	I listened to see if I could hear any noise as I shut off my engine and there was a car parked under the big oak tree .
tr	I	She 'd strike up a friendly conversation , and the person might come to her for help in finding a particular book .
tr	O	我有一种感觉它最终会让我吃苦头，但是就目前而言，感觉很好。
tr	O	我饿坏了，但是如果他不打算喂我，我不想打扰。
tr	O	她的声音因恐惧而变得尖锐，并且她一点也不在乎。
tr	O	唯一的风险是他的双臂都自由着，并且他也并非麻木到会忘记这一点。
tr	I	Strung it around her neck and after Sophie left , Tessa took the clockwork angel from her bedside table .
tr	O	是的，他可以随便挑这些女人，但是他知道她们想要什么：和史密斯·沙利文约会。
tr	O	老师的声音很轻柔，并且我愉快地听从了她的命令。
tr	O	每一个都在一个略微弯曲的方形中，并且每一个方形都连接起来形成了环绕整个房间的圆圈。
tr	O	我向他们挥击，但是他们只是躺在我身上，把我压住。
tr	I	Beyond that transformation , she had matured , but yes , she was no longer human .
tr	I	It was all he had , but it seemed a very slim hope .
tr	O	那天早上他们不是唯一遛狗的人，但是萨姆是其中少数几个正式的狗主人之一。
tr	I	His advisor wouldn 't have any of it , but he debated wearing his dress blues uniform from another life .
tr	O	汽车刚一停稳，我的门就飞开了，并且塔利斯把我抱了起来，迅速地把我带到门口。
tr	O	现在他有了对之前他和哈利目睹的令人不安景象的解释。
tr	O	我无法看懂她的眼神，但是我想要进去那里。
tr	O	他跟着我走过大厅，并且我给他看了它在哪里。
tr	I	She feared him , but it was Anakin .
tr	O	他们穿过水泥隧道时为什么需要那个，她一无所知，但是她走在赫克托身边，从他的态度中获取提示。
tr	I	I had to make it count , and I 'd only have one shot at Sebastian .
tr	I	There 's nothing wrong with us spending time together now , and there was nothing disgusting about our relationship then !
tr	O	萨宾从未恐慌过，并且现在也不是开始的时候。
tr	I	Crawley was glaring at him , and by now all had turned away from the house .
tr	I	She seemed recovered now and her eyes were now dry .
tr	O	迎面驶来的车灯差点让他失明，使他失去立足之地，但是他很快就站稳了脚跟。
tr	O	詹姆斯想帮忙，但是劳埃德放在那里的画面让他退了一步。
tr	O	我们和我父亲那边的家人住在一起，但是他们却把我们当陌生人。
tr	O	她没有化妆，并且她从未为此感到惋惜。
tr	I	He vanished and the police came .
tr	I	We cannot procreate with them , but we can have sex with humans .
tr	I	That alone made me want to get to her , and she hadn 't bought into my charm , into my practiced flirtation .
tr	O	店主说她不记得她和任何人一起离开，但是她当时确实没怎么留意。
tr	O	易卜拉欣太太的脸完全是美国人的样子，除了环绕她脸部的头巾，并且她穿着普通的美国衣服。
tr	O	好的，他能那样突然毫无预兆地凭空出现，这让她感到困扰，但是她已经受够了。
tr	I	The ground rumbled so long it could have been an earthquake , and a blast struck off to my left , closer this time .
tr	O	她的头向后仰去，并且她呻吟了一声。
tr	O	她的头皮收紧了，并且她的皮肤刺痛起来。
tr	I	I gave no complaints , but he rewrote the rules of the position .
tr	I	Her fist hits me instead as a glancing blow , and all I manage to do is jerk my shoulder up at the last second .
tr	O	这个推理听起来不错，但是布拉德福德知道这个决定多少受到周六高尔夫比赛的影响。
tr	I	Marlowe arrives much earlier than the appointed time , but Marlowe has arranged a meeting with Mars .
tr	O	灵感袭来，并且他掏出了手机。
tr	I	It still hurt to be in the same room with her , but he had no reason to love her anymore .
tr	O	他抱着她的身体，试图让生命回到其中，但是他所爱那个活泼的女孩已经失去了。
tr	O	对扎恩来说，这将是另一回事，但是我回家后会告诉他详情。
tr	I	The rest appeared to be Latin American and there was only one female .
tr	O	亨利坐在地板上，并且把她拉到他的膝上。
tr	O	他露出轻松的笑容，并且我又感到全身暖洋洋的。
tr	O	我知道帕奇会立刻打消我的负罪感，但是我对发生在他身上的事感到责任。
tr	I	He figured at the very least they might be hungry and it wasn 't the best of places to spend the night .
tr	I	Before she could react , he was happily walking over to her , and his face lit up when he recognized her .
tr	O	机身上写着：美国海岸警卫队，塞克斯顿感到困惑，看着舱门打开，一个女人走了出来。
tr	O	再加上她高风险的多胎妊娠，并且我想我至少有一线成功的希望。
tr	I	These reminiscences had confirmed the truth of it , and he 'd told her that more than once .
tr	O	孩子们敬畏地坐在那里，并且大人们把他们抱得更紧了。
tr	I	He couldn 't resist , but Cole knew he shouldn 't .
tr	O	贝蒂没有穿旅行的衣服，并且希瑟知道她会帮忙照顾小家伙们，感到松了一口气。
tr	O	总得有人做出艰难的决定，并且我就在那里。
tr	I	She 'd lean one way and something would happen .
tr	I	A few of us hit the weight room , but the following day was pretty much the same .
tr	O	她曾要求只告诉一个人，并且她决定告诉她的母亲。
tr	I	Her worries of his physical strength evaporated , and a second later she felt him slide inside her mind .
tr	I	You 'd be absolutely right , and you could call me a grade A son of a bitch .
tr	O	我处于一种动荡不安的状态，并且这一切的催化剂是乔西。
tr	I	She was older now but it had infuriated him that she 'd betrayed him with another man after all of his restraint .
tr	I	Maybe it was the way he kept staring at you all night , or his expression , I guess .
tr	O	药效正在消退，并且她重重地靠在我身上，脸上因疼痛而扭曲。
tr	I	It was enough time for the moon to truly set , but I don 't know how long we were there .
tr	I	I had just been too enamored to see them , but all the signs that he was more than just an assistant had been there .
tr	O	沃伦医生在她办公桌后挪动了一下，并且我看着她。
tr	O	他那时设法忍住了没笑，但是他现在却无法抑制住自己的乐趣。
tr	I	I turn to Olivia , and she nods when our eyes meet .
tr	O	她对此感到一丝骄傲，并且她知道她让她的客户满意。
tr	O	我应该再踢一脚，但是我的腿太沉重了。
tr	I	With each increment of time , Kylie felt more awkward , and several seconds ticked by .
tr	O	我对于不得不为自己辩护以对抗别人的臆测感到不悦，但是这就是作为房地产大亨女儿的生活。
tr	I	He curled his long body so that I could take him in my hand and I reached for his erection .
tr	O	最终，亨丽埃塔脚下的咒语生效了，并且几根金属杆从符号中射出，冲向女巫。
tr	I	I sat down on the other end , and Alice sat down on one end of one couch .
tr	O	我的通讯器响了，并且我查看它。
tr	O	他需要收回一些控制权，而且我如此迫切地需要把它给他。
tr	I	Now I was flushed for a different reason , but I had flushed with pleasure at his words .
tr	O	这是满月的第一夜，并且对我而言，记忆会涌现。
tr	O	我收到了麦克辛的连锁信（我没有阅读就删除了），而且我收到了米歇尔的消息。
tr	I	The surprise on his face showed instantly and Gaston stepped into the apartment .
tr	I	She got a house and maybe that 's really why they broke up .
tr	I	Gods , the rest of her needed a shower , and her hair was in desperate need of a brush .
tr	I	My parents went to fight them off , and the zombies came into the house somehow .
tr	O	她的房租已预付，并且她不欠任何东西。
tr	O	我不再把金伯视为我的朋友，但是没有人值得这样。
tr	O	一滴泪滑下我的脸颊，但是我仍然坚定不移。
tr	I	I would use it today , but I hardly ever watched it .
tr	I	At the same time , I wanted to hear from him , but I wanted to forget him .
tr	O	我走运了，并且我知道。
tr	O	电梯到达了目的地，并且门又打开了。
tr	O	他试图举起它，但是神经冲动却无法穿透大脑。
tr	I	I was actually running from her but she probably thought I saw something .
tr	O	塔克对语言的掌握是粗浅的，但是那个人的语气说明了一切。
tr	I	In my way , I love him back , and he 's given me his friendship , his love .
tr	O	信任她仍然是一个巨大的风险，但是什么都不做会让梅森失去生命。
tr	O	那个梦打开了她的心扉，并且她承认她爱上了查克·维尔。
tr	I	His expression has softened considerably , but Trevor doesn 't say anything .
tr	O	某个地方一匹马跺了一下蹄子，并且另一匹马发出了一声响亮的喷鼻声。
tr	O	名字是对的，并且地址也是对的。
tr	O	德文可能不应该在那种状态下利用这个局面，但是她想要答案。
tr	I	I launched that pan right at him , but I don 't even remember what we were fighting about .
tr	I	Ella made it clear they would celebrate Christmas for me , but I 'd expected them to celebrate the winter solstice instead .
tr	O	随着我们临近日落，天开始变暗了，并且安迪打开了灯。
tr	O	洛克伸出手，并且她把钥匙给了他。
tr	I	Yet , shortly after you wake up , you can 't even remember you have had one and they are so vivid .
tr	I	I kicked off my shoes as I spoke and he handed me a glass in exchange for a kiss .
tr	O	当他靠近时，我们的肩膀擦过，并且我没有移开。
tr	O	我的笑容僵住了，并且我离开厨房时深吸了一口气。
tr	O	加勒特试图和她说话，但是她假装没听见他。
tr	O	塔克和我在一起，但是教练把他叫了回去。
tr	I	I followed , trying not to scrape my heels on her pristine hardwood floors , and my friends eagerly headed for the door , swishing their miniskirts .
tr	I	I wondered how they had done it , and it looked very realistic .
tr	I	She froze anyway , but nothing stood out .
tr	O	每个人都认为他是意大利枪械制造家族的一员，但是却从没有人问过。
tr	O	她吃了饼干，并且她恨自己如此软弱。
tr	O	她讨厌对同学们如此麻木不仁，但是那一直是她的经历。
tr	O	门在她身后打开，并且埃文站在那里，盯着她裸露的背部皮肤。
tr	I	She had to defuse the situation , install the terms of their future relationship , and she was the reason for their current hostilities .
tr	O	他们都喜欢同样的东西，并且都穿同类型的衣服。
tr	I	As the lights changed again , she drove right , and an impatient driver behind her blasted his horn .
tr	I	I bit my tongue , and my head snapped back .
tr	O	我看到埃勒正朝车走去，并且我知道我必须结束通话。
tr	O	他从一开始就知道，但是昨晚之后，这得到了证实。
tr	I	I teleported away just as quickly , but he tried to lunge at me .
tr	O	我的腿弯曲了，并且空气在我倒向一侧时从我胸口被挤出。
tr	I	Her mind was completely preoccupied with the night 's events but Laci tried to be enthusiastic .
tr	I	I 'd be pretty weird if I was scared of butterflies , and ladybugs are okay .
tr	O	他们撞上萨布丽娜旁边的一棵老树，并且它因撞击的力度而颤抖。
tr	O	这看起来很勉强，但是这是我回来后她对我说的第一句话。
tr	O	通常我会认为占有欲很烦人，但是在他身上，简直性感得要命。
tr	O	威尔又咳了一声，并且话题变成了抱怨我们多么不想第二天开始上课。
tr	O	巴勃下班回家发现他们，并且他此后不久就精神崩溃了。
tr	I	He was no more relaxed than she was , but he was behind the counter , hands resting on it , poised to minister to her needs .
tr	I	I would not put it past Calvin , but it was a macabre thing to put a girl in a mausoleum during a zombie apocalypse .
tr	I	I already knew , but what I 've dreaded my entire life is now a grim reality .
tr	O	我后退了一步，但是他只是为了灯光而来。
tr	O	韦伯咒骂着，并且我恍惚中意识到这是我第一次听他骂人。
tr	O	他喘息着踉跄后退，并且我狠狠地揍了他的下巴。
tr	I	He never would , and Byron Knight made no difference in her life .
tr	I	She at least had an excuse , but ok she didn 't have too many friends herself .
tr	I	He was going to make sure she did it , and it was her duty to save one of them .
tr	I	Now that we had our separate lives , I didn 't realize how much I needed him , and I went to him for everything .
tr	I	That wasn 't entirely unpleasant , either , but she was a little dizzy .
tr	O	他听起来很可悲，甚至对他自己而言，但是事情就是这样。
tr	I	An arctic chill deluged her and her hand stopped inches short .
tr	I	Clary couldn 't help feeling awful for him , and Alec looked wretched .
tr	O	到目前为止时间很短，但是失去的机会已经让她感到痛苦。
tr	I	She backed away , and the pianist didn 't begin .
tr	O	候诊室里挤满了人，但是我没有看到乌拉。
tr	I	It 's still come out in a hundred little ways , but Gabriel 's tried to hide this from you .
tr	I	He realized , too , that he didn 't want to be the one to hurt her , and Jack sensed that .
tr	O	我的身体紧绷，但是我没有再发出任何声音。
tr	I	She doubted she 'd ever get the chance , but she imagined it would be amusing to watch him attempt to chase her through the trees .
tr	O	我怀疑可能已经离婚了……或者他从未存在过。
tr	O	它出来的更像是犬吠，而非我所预期，而且我感到我的胸腔真的移位了，以适应更强大的吸血鬼形态。
tr	I	It was taking its toll on her , and Katie spent every weekend at home .
tr	O	恐慌给了她力量，并且她从怪物身边逃走了。
tr	O	她在那里有一个朋友，格蕾塔，并且我希望我们能拥有她们两个。
tr	O	他一动不动，但是他的呼吸很轻微。
tr	O	怀蒂在二十多岁末期时就已经开始秃顶了，但是这比那更早。
tr	O	他的眼睛变得更深蓝，或者也许是黑暗的缘故。
tr	I	Now it 's time for the payoff , and she has paid her dues .
tr	I	It made me feel like shit inside and it was wrong on so many levels .
tr	O	他不知道他们是否能听到他，但是他不会冒这个险。
tr	I	I can 't write anything else until I see how it turns out and once begun , the novel takes over .
tr	O	她又叫了一次，并且这次她听到鸟舍后面传来熟悉的叫声。
tr	O	她已经变成的这个女人很出色，但是她过于防备了。
tr	I	He wouldn 't listen , but I pulled back some .
tr	O	她的头发剪得很短，贴着头皮，并且一条脏兮兮的蓝色头巾缠绕在上面。
tr	I	Linda wouldn 't say anything else about it , and then a few weeks ago Randall had abruptly disappeared .
tr	O	我差点笑出来，但是那只是因为我快要歇斯底里了。
tr	O	他们在起跑线排好队，并且枪砰地一声响了！
tr	O	她盯着我，并且我懒得让她说话。
tr	I	You come crashing into her life , and she is setting up a business .
tr	I	Those seconds were costly , but his left arm , hanging by a few ligaments , took a few seconds to repair itself .
tr	O	会有更多的金家人，更多的伤亡，并且朱莉开始把自己列入死者之列。
tr	O	有人提出事成之后再付款，如果埃温能暂时借到钱，这倒不失为一种可能，但是那并不理想。
tr	I	I wasn 't listening but Jack looked taken aback .
tr	O	也许她不知道他已婚，或者也许她知道。
tr	O	阿德拉坐在一张凳子上，并且杰夫滑到另一张凳子上。
tr	I	The news had just traveled through the siblings and Thomas might have mentioned it to one of the other brothers .
tr	I	I hear clicking in the background , like she 's tapping her fingernails on top of the counter and she pauses .
tr	O	塔拉用手捂住了她带笑的嘴，并且希安吐出了他喝的酒。
tr	I	He had gotten so proficient at it that he did it without thinking and Shelly had taught him how to absorb ambient energy .
tr	I	I saw that a week had passed and the time stamp slowed .
tr	I	Once they were together , Michael addressed him , and Michael waited for his brother-in-law to join him .
tr	I	She wanted him to kiss her again and the desire she had been suppressing for days seemed to surface all at once .
tr	O	我需要再来一杯咖啡，但是咖啡壶是空的。
tr	O	卡梅隆已经证明自己胜任这份工作，但是他的坐立不安让内特很难决定该怎么做。
tr	O	本想和她争论，但是她拒绝改变主意。
tr	O	茱迪把支票拿给他们，并且丽贝卡迅速扔下她的信用卡。
tr	I	I leave him with thoughts , returning to the river and at that he turns back to face his target tree .
tr	O	离空地不到一里格，狗闻到了他的气味，并且它们的叫声强度增加了十倍。
tr	O	她并不是一个真正坏的人，但是她对我也不是特别感兴趣。
tr	O	它把她摔到地上，并且它的爪子撕扯着她。
tr	I	He kept his arms out to catch me if I fell , but Sam let him pull him back .
tr	I	Maggie 's guests began to leave and the night started to wind down .
tr	I	I feel the vibrations against my side , and Ethan laughs .
tr	O	其他人噔噔地走上台阶，但是再一次地我落在后面了。
tr	O	他问道，并且我让自己迎上他的目光。
tr	O	眼泪流了下来，并且我不知道该怎么办。
tr	I	There 's no evidence , but there 's truth here .
tr	O	她张开嘴要说话，并且我继续说，对她恼怒的目光报以嘲讽的笑容。
tr	O	卢卡斯转向那个男人，并且我缓慢地跟着，杰里米殿后。
tr	I	The city turned their street lights on from lamps on poles and it was night time .
tr	O	雅丽丝的眼睛睁得老大，并且她吸了一口冷气。
tr	O	连我都觉得穿上很好看，而且我通常讨厌看自己。
tr	O	他先吸入了她的气息，并且他然后舔了舔血。
tr	O	我的朋友出了事，而且我没能在她身边。
tr	I	Aileen wouldn 't say so in vain , but he didn 't know why .
tr	I	They will give you a handicap , but you can 't go before the green .
tr	I	I tried to act disinterested , and she looked directly at me .
tr	I	She could imagine fishing boats being pushed into the water at high tide , but the tide was out , showing the rocky bed .
tr	O	黑色幽默分散了我的注意力，并且这种分散减轻了痛苦。
tr	O	我很快乐，而且我很天真。
tr	I	That 's enough , and the killing end 's pointed at me .
tr	O	我问了，并且他点了点头。
tr	O	我称为我最好朋友的那个男人内心受了很深的苦，而且我甚至都不知道。
tr	I	She must obey , and something infinitely more powerful than she commanded her .
tr	I	He dropped my hand swiftly , and Realisation dawned upon his face .
tr	O	我们说话的时候我正在靴子里扭动它们，而且我真的没有精力浪费在争吵上。
tr	I	He gave me his first large-scale painting and Canaletto was so grateful that he admitted he lost the bet .
tr	O	脖子发出一声令人作呕的断裂声，并且它掉了下来。
tr	O	我一直想找个机会跟你谈谈这件事，但是一直没时间。
tr	O	上学路又长又有点单调。
tr	I	Most items only come in that number and the ideal family is four to six .
tr	O	她解释了历史，并且20世纪初日本如何摧毁了宫殿的大部分。
tr	I	Some facts can be overlooked if they 're inconvenient , but true , he was also the embodiment of good .
tr	I	I have learned what others have not , and I have great control , tremendous discipline .
tr	I	My heart jumped , and there was a knock on the door .
tr	O	我强颜欢笑，但是这并不好。
tr	I	When he glanced back , there was no one , but twice he felt as if he was being followed .
tr	I	Only Dan had survived , but three men unjustly convicted .
tr	I	He cocked his head and Zeus 's ears pricked up .
tr	O	我没法抬起墓盖，但是也许我不需要抬。
tr	O	他们本不该那样做，但是他们做到了。
tr	I	Bastian hung up and someone said something on the other line .
tr	I	His eyes turned down and sadness flowed into his expression .
tr	I	It was missing but he looked everywhere .
tr	O	她当然在撒谎，但是争论那一点有什么用呢？
tr	I	You were lucky I let you in , and you 've come all this way .
tr	I	She said nothing , but her brows furrowed .
tr	I	Her eyes glittered with liveliness , and her red lips were full .
tr	I	I like Cruz and I like Nate .
tr	O	保罗不想再和任何人有牵扯，并且一开始他发现从潜在恋人到朋友的转变很困难。
tr	O	他刚一碰到她，并且她就已经在性高潮的边缘颤抖了，随时准备在最轻微的挑逗下冲破界限。
tr	I	It was stamped on the back with the Founder 's Seal , and it was heavy , expensive paper .
tr	I	There was a flurry of activity in the camp and the men had stopped working on the small boats .
tr	I	I had to know , but I felt like crap for asking .
tr	I	He left the room and he took the envelope .
tr	O	匆匆一瞥就足以让她不理会科洛了，但是那个女人却长时间地盯着吉恩看。
tr	I	Her unwieldy tongue couldn 't do any better , but she could tell she was slurring her words .
tr	I	He didn 't make a sound , but his eyes immediately trained on Collins .
tr	I	I think again about the car , and I am slowly being buried alive .
tr	O	它们听起来像乌鸦，但是当他抬头看时，就像在盯着一张白纸。
tr	I	That was a good sign and they hadn 't hurt her .
tr	I	Amy 's mom had told her that there were other places to get vapor , but the Amazons gave this Vapor to the vampires .
tr	O	我已经完全准备好翻篇了，并且科尔特正是我想要与之一起做这件事的人。
tr	O	瓦莱里娅是最后一个进入拳击台的人，并且播音员立刻介绍了两位拳击手。
tr	O	想要她赤裸着在他身下尖叫。
tr	I	She 'd tried to give heed to them all , and there were so many things that demanded her attention .
tr	I	I shriek as she gets closer , holding onto Isaac for dear life and she swims toward me .
tr	I	It was the only way to save their lives , but his decision would brand them as traitors , deserters .
tr	O	我会觉得被冒犯，但是那是浪费时间。
tr	I	Her hands were tied to the bedpost and she was on a bed .
tr	O	保安伸出了手，但是她把它打到了一边。
tr	I	His good hand gropes around for something that isn 't there , and it grows faster , more labored .
tr	I	It is currently held by a corporation registered in the Caymans , but the property was once owned by a dead actor named Bob Hope .
tr	I	As a darkness came over us the Germans abandoned the attempt and Time was on our side too .
tr	I	I sensed no heartbeat from him anymore but Foam continued to spill from his mouth .
tr	O	我刚收到你的信，并且你不能这样做。
tr	I	I wondered how he could still manage to drive like that , and Aiden had gone completely motionless .
tr	I	I knew that , if I didn 't lie down soon , I was going to puke and the world started spinning again .
tr	O	我不认为他们中任何人曾期望它被认真对待，但是事态发展已超出了我们的预料。
tr	O	金不见踪影，而且他确信公寓里只有他一个人。
tr	I	The soldiers go to their resting area and the fires burn down their last bit of light .
tr	I	I would never let that happen , and all you can do is go down with me .
tr	I	I knew she would want to go out looking for them tonight , and I could see Jenny 's eyes following them .
tr	I	I have to close my eyes to keep from falling over and the room spins .
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed , and she shook her head hard .
tr	I	Now she had struck the final blow and her words still resonated deep inside him .
tr	O	艾薇儿也紧张起来，感受着我所感受的，并且我站起来时她抓住了我的手。
tr	I	I worry for him constantly , and he is my beloved brother .
tr	O	我们默默地坐着，但是那并不令人不舒服。
tr	I	She didn 't ever want to risk it , but her skin tanned pretty easily in the sun .
tr	I	Now he looked as if he could have died that second , and I had just blamed him falsely for ruining everything .
tr	O	她为什么要骗我，我无法说，但是我对她对你绝对的忠诚毫无疑问。
tr	I	She refused to rise to the intentional jibes this time , but she heard Malik make several pointed comments in her direction .
tr	I	Again , if you would prefer breakfast in bed , we will oblige , but Breakfast is normally served by the pool .
tr	O	它几乎在噼啪作响，而且我的心在颤动。
tr	O	她又动了动，并且他希望她能赶紧坐进那辆该死的出租车。
tr	O	他的胸膛又发出一声低吼而颤抖，但是几乎没有意识的凯恩没有动。
tr	I	Pulling me back and suddenly , Taylor was right beside me ; her hand gripped my upper arm .
tr	I	Already the air was warming up , but it was barely sunrise .
tr	I	I 'd been barreling down the highway to hell ever since , and it started with Amanda 's call two weeks ago .
tr	O	在她黝黑的皮肤上更难看到瘀伤，但是它们就在那里。
tr	I	My first instinct was to treat them as guests in my home , and I wasn 't used to having staff .
tr	O	他的眼睛闭着，并且他的脸上带着这种陶醉的表情。
tr	O	一声嘶哑的哭泣从我喉咙里发出，随着我的泪水更急促地落在他身上，并且我的手紧握着他仍然温暖的脸颊。
tr	I	I was glad he had my hand , and the rain was pouring down in sheets .
tr	O	她本打算求他回来，但是那并没有发生。
tr	O	她的心又碎了，并且她知道迈克的心也一样。
tr	O	你父亲没有发现我们共度一夜的事，并且他也不会发现，除非你告诉他。
tr	I	March regards me with quiet despair , and a spreading red stain covers the white cloth .
tr	O	这根针没有指向北方，但是那不是它的用途。
tr	O	我确定不止一个，并且我马上就会告诉你为什么。
tr	I	I didn 't want to scare you off , but all I wanted to do was talk with you alone , get to know you .
tr	O	那个男人很老，并且他面容严肃。
tr	I	I buckled up and I closed the door behind myself .
tr	I	I ultimately said nothing , but I found my thoughts wishing that she would take me away from this mundane life .
tr	O	我把奥尔特加逼入了绝境，并且他作弊了。
tr	I	He disappeared and with that he turned .
tr	O	有一个门卫，一位年长的绅士，并且他对我微笑，当我们走进大楼时向我们所有人鞠躬。
tr	I	A slow song began to play and the upbeat music from the party switched over .
tr	I	They walked out to his car together , and he helped her on with her coat .
tr	I	Her last human experiences were absolutely primitive to what she was facing now , but now , she had been dropped into the middle of it .
tr	O	他竭力忍着不笑，但是他也不是在嘲笑我。
tr	I	He was slacking , hadn 't been to the gym because it was just easier to avoid old crowds , but sex was a great workout .
tr	I	Ethan was no longer on my other side and I looked over .
tr	O	她的手滑过他的，并且在那一刻她感到一阵火花穿过全身。
tr	O	尼克对那个人在这种磨难中竟然如此敏锐感到震惊，尽管如此，并且这种领悟让他感到不安。
tr	I	His gaze met Sara 's , and Rafe glanced around the room .
tr	I	Our pack as a whole has flourished , and his father was similar .
tr	I	Her gaze stayed fixed on my companion 's face , but she handed me a menu .
tr	I	Her heart sank , and he now looked angry , frustrated actually .
tr	O	他一拉，并且比基尼就脱落在他手中。
tr	I	There are certain things that most people just don 't know about , but I 'm not trying to be secretive .
tr	I	He chuckled , and I made a face at him .
tr	I	He shook it off , but his eyes grew moist .
tr	O	那里可能是厨房所在的位置，并且那扇门曾经可能是后门入口。
tr	O	我经常在街机厅闲逛，并且托德把我的注意力吸引到邮票上。
tr	I	When she melted into him , passion ignited , incinerating reason , but he took her lips in a gentle kiss .
tr	I	What could I tell him , but the poor kid 's desperate .
tr	O	知道她完成了让我感到一阵解脱，但是我必须继续前进。
tr	I	His voice carried to them , but he stepped out of view of the camera .
tr	I	Here she now was , sitting in a lawyer 's office , smack in the middle of Mayfair , yet it was home to her .
tr	O	他那血肉之躯的手微微颤抖，但是几乎不引人注目。
tr	I	The path was not friendly and it was near the cliff .
tr	I	I don 't see how it could be possible , and I 've thought about it a lot .
tr	O	他试图回到几分钟前房子还在的地方，并且他所能看到的一切只有一片混乱。
tr	I	It brings me back to reality , but it didn 't hurt much .
tr	I	He struggled , and I struggled .
tr	O	这个时节它已没有水了，并且环绕它的灌木树丛在微风中沙沙作响。
tr	I	They had their own , vivid colours , but most of the sculptures were wooden .
tr	O	她从不离开我们的套房，并且我们也没有那么多访客。
tr	I	He wondered how someone who 'd only known him a short while could read him so easily , and her simple question went straight to his heart .
tr	O	当他抬起头时，他伸出手去握她的手，并且她允许他握住。
tr	O	我伸手去拿手机，知道她现在需要我，但是邓肯把它拉了回来，让我够不着。
tr	I	She thought it looked worn , but his expression was masked with shadows .
tr	O	车道上停着一堆车，而且更多的孩子正沿着前草坪走上来。
tr	I	He felt as though he couldn 't breathe , and that realization knocked the wind out of him .
tr	O	他把她转了个圈，并且他拿出一个巨大的硅胶阳具，看起来可疑地像他自己的。
tr	I	He sank down into the grass beside her while she bathed her swollen ankle in the icy stream and the tension completely eased from his body .
tr	I	I avoided looking over in the corner , and I didn 't smile .
tr	I	Lissa had only been awake for an hour , moving about sluggishly while she drank her usual amount of blood and Winkler arrived two hours later .
tr	O	她觉得它们很幼稚，但是我必须拥有它们。
tr	O	一段新的记忆拼凑而成，并且我发现自己时光倒流。
tr	O	我开始抗议，但是没有用。
tr	I	He man aged to control it , but Violence swirled close to the surface .
tr	O	他的脸颊泛红，并且下巴紧绷。
tr	I	I told her she could take the car out tonight to practice her turns and she perked up a little when we went downstairs .
tr	O	我很乐意在这里待一整天，但是弗林站了起来。
tr	I	I was scared where she was taking the conversation , but I kept my voice low .
tr	I	It echoed mine , and I heard her silent scream .
tr	I	He had a peculiarly startled expression on his face , and Longbow was standing off to one side .
tr	O	当然，他们都肯定知道她和杰克逊是恋人。
tr	O	警惕感贯穿了他，并且他抬头寻找急救人员。
tr	I	He was , but she wasn 't ready to expand on that thought .
tr	I	We shared a look and I turned toward Gemma .
tr	O	艾莉一直用手抚摸我的头发，并且我闭上眼睛感受着她舒缓的抚摸。
tr	I	Hans led the way into the house and we parked directly in front .
tr	O	麦迪是想要它们的人，并且她对自己的亮相感到非常兴奋。
tr	O	他感觉自己像个弹力球，每个人都踢它一下，但是没有人知道它最终会落在哪里。
tr	O	门开了，并且一个瘦长的医生走了进来，他脸上带着阴沉的表情。
tr	I	Everything would seem as if it were going fine and they would start .
tr	I	They would have to get a cab , but they weren 't far from the house .
tr	O	我感觉到他的手在我脖子上收紧，并且他开始挤压。
tr	O	阁楼太小了，无法把他们藏起来，并且也没有任何地方可以藏保险箱。
tr	I	You 'll be reading well by the end of the month , and we 'll have coffee every day for a month .
tr	I	Her jaw was clinched , and her face was fierce .
tr	I	The Simpson family escapes to Alaska and a sinkhole becomes a secret passageway .
tr	I	Dante felt his legs go a bit wobbly beneath him , and a shredding howl tore out of her mouth .
tr	O	一发子弹擦身而过，并且乔在后面大叫。
tr	O	他讨厌承认，但是他欠卡丽一个真相。
tr	O	黛博拉甚至在她父母去世之前就脾气暴躁，并且在那之后她变得完全无法管教。
tr	I	Just having a physical connection made her feel better , and she still couldn 't believe everything that had happened .
tr	O	这些骑兵人太多了，我无法反抗他们，并且那些女人也对我毫无同情。
tr	O	她推了推它们，但是它们太重了，她搬不动。
tr	O	确实很漂亮，但是在这种天气里，我不禁希望他们能给这些十六世纪的石头回廊加装暖气。
tr	O	枪响了，并且格里芬倒在了地上。
tr	I	His smile was as wide as he could manage , and in his hand he held a tiny gold box .
tr	O	这不是他会选择的职位，但是这却是他所面对的。
tr	I	Lux stopped dead in his tracks , and a quiet voice echoed through the trees as if the wind were carrying it .
tr	I	He nearly lost himself completely to the sound , and she sighed , a soft murmur of surrender .
tr	O	他的眼睛暗了下来，并且他的手立刻抬起，温柔地捧住她的下巴。
tr	I	I could tell he was comforted by the woman 's appearance , but Jack 's words said one thing .
tr	I	By remaining in Orchard Valley she was creating one of a different sort , and the crisis had passed .
tr	I	Then we were gone , and there was a moment where everything froze .
tr	O	他的一部分灵魂已经死去，并且他相信自己有灵魂。
tr	I	Maybe she was wrong , but she thought they had feelings for each other .
tr	I	Now , it 's her turn , and Victoria suddenly realized that all her classmates were done introducing themselves .
tr	I	There was not a speck of dust on its surface , but it was an oil painting , with no glass covering it .
tr	O	克里斯蒂娜·马里诺目前失踪，并且当局正在搜寻她。
tr	I	He fell down on one knee and his footing gave way halfway up .
tr	I	Then I can get a pass for you to leave the city , and you will have to stay here for a few days .
tr	O	我们实际上已经开始玩游戏了，但是我没有纠正他。
tr	O	莎拉不认为那是什么坏事，然而她还是把这个想法藏在心里。
tr	I	There was more than that , but he looked eager , true .
tr	I	Else Quin was even more powerful than he realized -- or the glue must not have worked .
tr	O	她看见它突然亮了起来，并且声音紧接着就传到了他们耳边。
tr	O	阿加莎的声音微弱得几乎听不见，但是她的薄唇笑了。
tr	O	这可能只是改变带来的兴奋，但是安娜相信不只如此。
tr	O	我们走向草地，并且我听到另一辆车开了进来。
tr	I	Now , so was she , and the lather had been slick .
tr	O	一阵寒风刺痛了我的脸，并且柴油烟雾，被一股下降气流裹挟着，缠绕在我的喉咙后部。
tr	I	Colt saw an image of her that she couldn 't see , and her father had left from his visit saying how proud he was of her .
tr	O	这确实一团糟，但是她确实喜欢这种讽刺。
tr	O	他把我紧紧地拉入怀中，直到我的胸膛紧贴着他的胸膛，并且我能感觉到他的心跳疯狂地鼓动着。
tr	O	最初，士兵们在身穿金色头盔的军官带领下，排着整齐的队列行进，但是即使那样，他们也远不激动人心。
tr	O	我知道这听起来很疯狂，因为我们相隔两岸，但是 我需要再见到你。
tr	I	I doubted he was still hanging around , but my shooter had definitely been past here .
tr	O	洛基朝我瞥了一眼，并且 我能看到她脸上泛起了红晕。
tr	I	It looked like I wasn 't going to get any from Christian , at least not today and what I needed was information .
tr	O	这趟车程没什么特别的，但是 我妈妈的小车很省油。
tr	I	Aria 's blood seeps through his fingers and Jason covers her wound with his hands .
tr	I	My throat closed up with emotion , and hot tears stung my eyes .
tr	O	我想给梅尔打电话，但是 她在工作。
tr	O	他会尖叫，并且 我们会听到他在找钥匙。
tr	I	It was only her daughter that kept her going and she carried her husband for years .
tr	O	他们到了双拼屋，但是 他们俩似乎都还没准备好下车。
tr	O	我应该搬走，但是 他如此温暖。
tr	O	亨德森正在尽其所能保持控制，但是 我们正以极快的速度被强制推向地球。
tr	I	She wiped it away , and a single tear came .
tr	O	与梅丽的拜访没有提供任何信息，但是它却肯定充满了过度的心碎。
tr	O	我把手臂向前伸出，但是我的头却陷入了碎石中，因为有重物压在我身上。
tr	I	I didn 't know what to do about it and the girl just didn 't like me .
tr	I	Then James lowers his head , and it 's quiet at first .
tr	I	By then everything else was ready , and the pasta took about twenty minutes .
tr	O	毫无疑问，他们想出来的任何东西都会很糟糕，但是她知道要谨慎选择她的战斗。
tr	I	He got over his disappointment , but his face fell a little when he realized that I wasn 't going to protest .
tr	I	The fire in the grate hastily burst into flames , and Marcia 's big purple front door had already sprung open for them .
tr	I	No one knew where he was and the Titans didn 't have him .
tr	I	I brought them up on the screen , clicked through , made a few notes , and I 'd bookmarked the articles Frank had originally given me .
tr	I	You need this training , and if you get caught , they will expel you .
tr	I	No amount of support could fix this , but he was just being a good friend .
tr	I	There is the evidence , and there are the elements of the charge .
tr	O	管家办公室的门是开着的，但是塔隆还是在进入前敲了敲木头。
tr	I	Lorcan had also learned the value of science , but sure , magic was still his favorite pet .
tr	O	她的电视音量开到了最大，并且这掩盖了传向邻近公寓的声音。
tr	I	Heat blew along my back and Air stirred around me .
tr	I	It was a moment too long and I took a moment to recover .
tr	O	这听起来更像命令而非请求，并且他没有等她回复。
tr	O	麦克打开了乘客门，但是汤姆摇了摇头。
tr	I	She hands them over and we meet for coffee at a waffle house .
tr	I	They spoke very highly of your reputation and you 've helped some friends I know .
tr	I	She hasn 't spoken to him in a few weeks but Mother said he sounded fine .
tr	O	他的白衬衫湿了，而且他的脸上满是汗珠。
tr	O	这是一种我以为自己无法熬过去的绝望，但是我不希望它永远离开我。
tr	O	特丽莎的呼吸开始变暖，并且乔的手心开始出汗。
tr	O	你知道我怀孕了，并且你什么也没说。
tr	O	一个在仓储设施兼职的年轻人是一回事，但是一个银行经理却会更难欺骗。
tr	O	幸好他刀法如此精湛，或者我可能会刺伤他。
tr	I	He 'll win it and give him a war .
tr	O	我本想多说些，但是没有必要。
tr	I	He 's with me and he 's a rebel .
tr	I	He followed as fiercely as he could to uncover what was making that strange noise and his feet padded into a sprint .
tr	O	丹的嘴唇张开，意欲否决那个计划，但是话语却说不出来。
tr	I	It will make you feel better but it is only broth .
tr	O	人们总是纹身来遮盖伤疤……，但是我的直觉告诉我这绝非小事。
tr	I	She continued to try , taking another step toward the hunter , but he knew she saw the attack in his mind .
tr	O	我对她说了，并且我把她推了进去，她的头撞到了镜子上，把镜子撞裂了。
tr	I	She began to question herself and attempting to speak in a masculine voice was causing her considerable nervous strain .
tr	I	They weren 't expecting how it worked out , but these would all be unencrypted while they watched .
tr	O	他伸出了双手，并且一声巨大的哭喊声从受伤的生物那里传来。
tr	O	她做了，并且他一直跟在她身后一步。
tr	O	她已经开始想念奥斯汀了，并且才过了一天。
tr	O	她想立刻答应，但是她知道她至少应该和迈克谈谈这件事。
tr	I	Air rushed in , almost bursting her lungs and he shook her .
tr	O	我又喝了几口，但是伯纳德拒绝了。
tr	I	She decided to stop by the beach and the rain started to pick up again .
tr	O	第十三章 门在他身后关上了，但是这没有被注意到。
tr	I	He was impatient with himself , and last night 's ploy hadn 't worked all that well because of something he simply hadn 't considered .
tr	I	Rod reached for the rope to snub her on a shorter line , and Brindle pulled her head backward .
tr	I	I was kissing him back , and my brain disconnected from my body .
tr	O	他又笑了，但是他的脸上带着悲伤。
tr	I	I refused , but the village elders told me that I should find a new mate .
tr	O	矮人跌落在平台上，并且他希望矮人能康复。
tr	O	我在烈日下颤抖着，并且马丁把手臂搭在我身上。
tr	I	She instantly missed the feeling of his body pressed into hers and he pulled away from her .
tr	I	He shivered , even under the bright midday sun but his skin was burning up .
tr	I	Theresa sensed it , and he was hesitating , conflicted .
tr	O	血液涌上我的脸颊，并且我看向地板。
tr	O	他的女朋友仍然站在这个家伙的怀里，并且他无法理解刚刚发生了什么。
tr	I	It seemed a lot farther , but the front door was approximately a hundred feet away .
tr	I	No words came out but her mouth fell open .
tr	I	My sister is a rich airhead and my mom is a rich crackhead .
tr	I	Then I lost those books for almost 30 years , and I wrote three books about it that no one ever saw .
tr	O	她认为他是一个熟练的接吻者，但是这与他现在所做的相比简直不值一提。
tr	I	I bounced her a little on my shoulder , while I walked her around the room , and the baby started to cry .
tr	I	She seemed to relax next to him , but he doubted it .
tr	I	She was a complete angel the rest of the day , but I don 't know how you did it .
tr	O	令人恐惧的放松过程比我预想的要容易，并且我的焦虑很快被一种舒缓的平静取代了。
tr	O	黑暗再次在我的脑海中升起，并且我再次无力抵抗它。
tr	I	She didn 't ever want to let him go , and as quickly as it arrived , the pain faded .
tr	I	They both turned to look , and Madison stopped short beside him .
tr	I	Fisher walked right , but the Skyway was in the ground to the left .
tr	I	I left a message and it went to voicemail again .
tr	O	你的阿喀琉斯之踵正躺在你的大腿上，并且如果你的任何敌人抓住她，他们就会完全控制你。
tr	I	He did eventually leave , but Ry 's escort was slower to go out the door .
tr	O	他曾要求谈话，并且她让他开始。
tr	I	He wasn 't sure what , but she was up to something .
tr	O	这些是住在海底的水龙，并且魔鬼背龙是他们最大的敌人。
tr	I	She jumped in and he kept his eyes on the monstrous thing in the sky as the passenger door opened .
tr	I	It 's still risky , but we can move too fast to be seen .
tr	I	I couldn 't understand it , but I knew what was happening .
tr	O	不过她需要的不仅仅是我，并且我认为塔利斯会是最好的选择。
tr	O	他第三次揉了揉眼睛，希望自己只是看错了，但是那些生物仍然在那里看着他。
tr	O	我的胸口感觉像裂开了，露出我狂跳的心脏，但是我回答了。
tr	I	I wasn 't even going to touch the patties and there was no more salad .
tr	I	She slowed and they approached a crypt with an open door .
tr	O	自我是不可否认的现实，并且自私也是极自然的。
tr	O	我的票是以马尔科姆·班尼斯特的名字购买的，并且他的旧护照用起来没问题。
tr	O	她的呼吸加快了，但是最终他开口了。
tr	O	我们跑过了更多茂密的森林，但是这次却不同了。
tr	I	He had made good on that promise , and John had always said he was going to be a cop .
tr	O	我带领我们走过远足小径，告诉卡西迪关于我和托比小时候在那里编造的隐形世界的故事。
tr	O	他得等着，但是与此同时，他可以查看她常去的一些地方。
tr	I	He felt that under the circumstances , just having food was quite the luxury , but fresh lobster was the best kind .
tr	I	My jaw dropped as we entered and the double doors swung inward .
tr	O	曼迪萨的一个朋友路过，并且曼迪萨就从我腿上冲向他们。
tr	I	His hands slipped around her waist but she tried to push those thoughts aside .
tr	I	I 'd been intimate with Mistral , but once it would have impressed me .
tr	O	我知道，绝大多数人，如果他们能够找到工作的话，而且伊塔洛已经失业了一段时间了。
tr	O	他是玛格斯能希望的最好的儿子，并且这让我很高兴知道他陪伴在她身边。
tr	I	Ted wasn 't nearly as transparent as most people , but she did what she could to read his expression .
tr	I	Once more his thoughts drifted away from him , but Dollop 's usual interview patter fell effortlessly from his lips .
tr	O	我撒了谎，而且她同意了。
tr	O	我紧握住他的手，并且，尽管看起来不可能，我还是睡着了。
tr	I	Everyone went through different ones and portals appeared .
tr	I	Now they shared a child , and they shared so much history .
tr	I	That woman spells danger , and we are the same .
tr	I	Now , it was too late , but maybe she could have survived a similar injury in this world .
tr	I	The recklessness of their experiments had put them squarely into this position , but she wanted to feel compassionate .
tr	O	我叫了萨迪，并且她走到我们身边，坐在我旁边。
tr	O	我问，并且他点头。
tr	I	His foot moved up and she pressed on his ankle .
tr	I	They 're doing it through Black and someone was using me to get to you .
tr	O	我认输地低下头，并且他知道自己赢了。
tr	O	他去握她的手，并且她让他握住了。
tr	O	我想告诉她，只是为了让戴斯被革职，但是我不会那么做。
tr	O	其中一人试图抓住艾什，但是他们并没有流血更快。
tr	O	他们明白了，并且十个人在两名格斗者周围围成了一个圈。
tr	I	She loved the way his body felt as it gently touched hers and Jake moved her hands up to his shoulders .
tr	I	I haven 't mastered it , but there is .
tr	I	It 's better left there , and that 's in the past .
tr	O	他拍了拍我的肩膀，并且我重新抬头看他。
tr	O	他呼吸急促，但是他突然警觉起来。
tr	O	他挣扎着想进去，并且我让他进去了。
tr	I	I was now marked for damnation , but Sure I still had my life .
tr	O	这似乎暂时满足了她，并且她点了一次头。
tr	O	一个襟翼放下，并且它就会超出他的够得着范围。
tr	O	她打开了它，但是他认为在此之前她并没有真正有机会检查它。
tr	O	他不一定对携带武器的想法感到舒适，但是他对遭遇饥饿的熊的前景感到更加不适。
tr	O	金属刮擦着路面，并且海文转过身去，看到那辆撞毁的卡车侧躺着摇晃了一下。
tr	I	Her tantalizing scent touched his heart , and her soft skin brushed his fingers .
tr	I	I left , but I 'm supposed to be in my room .
tr	I	With luck someone might have left a knife in one of the drawers , but the place had obviously been uninhabited for a very long time .
tr	O	他微微抬起手臂，并且我向下看他的手。
tr	O	乔斯林坐在沙发上，但是伊洛娜看不见她的脸。
tr	I	It did happen , but it wasn 't common .
tr	O	他现在有家了，并且这让他变得过于谨慎。
tr	I	That made this victory all the sweeter , but Funny that she hadn 't even known she was a contender .
tr	I	It kept going straight to voicemail , but I tried calling his cell phone .
tr	I	Tabitha sighed and the radio fell silent .
tr	O	他从平台向下走了几步，并且他的眼睛与她的眼睛齐平。
tr	I	For so long she had thought only of that aspect , and the act he 'd been engaged in had been obscene .
tr	O	海伦向前迈了一步，并且她的声音提高了。
tr	O	他能，并且我们将对此无能为力。
tr	I	She didn 't get the message until today , but Bastien had called her .
tr	O	杰森在第一声响铃时就接了电话，并且格雷向他说明了情况。
tr	O	我知道你可能认为它会的，但是世界不是围着你转的！
tr	O	她抓住门把手，并且把门甩开了。
tr	O	爱丽丝有很多秘密，而且其中一些非常糟糕。
tr	I	Daniel seemed to appreciate her businesslike attitude , but I didn 't think I could stand to work with someone like that .
tr	I	The Mediterranean sunshine radiated warmth off the stone pathway that meandered through the gardens , and vast vineyards blanketed the hillside .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I could see from Holden 's face that he was confused .
tr	I	On the other hand , I didn 't feel right adding fuel to Wild Bill 's fire , but I didn 't want to lie to him .
tr	O	这本意是要看起来像意外，但是Z更清楚。
tr	I	The Captain went on , and Allan nodded grimly .
tr	O	这些植物需要浇水，但是如果我花时间浇水，那么杂草就会在其他行里蔓延开来。
tr	O	如果她没有厌倦这种重复，我是厌倦了，但是我似乎无法让我的嘴巴动起来。
tr	I	The look in her face revealed her longing , and I glanced at Sara to see her reaction .
tr	I	The street was filled in again , but a plow had gone by earlier .
tr	I	Sage surrendered to it and Heat slammed into him .
tr	I	I couldn 't picture it , yet it was reasonable .
tr	O	扮演他的未婚妻会使一切看起来真实，而且我不确定那是不是个好主意。
tr	I	I knew that would only make us appreciate the good times more , but we 'd had a bumpy ride .
tr	O	裁缝侏儒们像快乐的海豹一样鼓掌，而且护士赞许地点了点头。
tr	I	They didn 't loosen either , but his fingers didn 't tighten , for which I was glad .
tr	I	I was positive the line to the restrooms was out the door , and the crowd thinned a little behind us .
tr	O	她对他做了这件事，而且内疚啃噬着她，像一种无法治愈的恶性癌症。
tr	O	新的巴伦夫人是美化委员会筹款活动负责人，而且莉莎也加入了该委员会。
tr	O	他想让我知道他已经告诉了全世界，并且我却因为和另一个男人在一起而错过了它，以此来回报他。
tr	O	瑞安向她问好，但是她却几乎没有注意到。
tr	I	I knew I should tell her , and Allie said , smiling .
tr	I	My kids made a great new friend , and I got to hold the new calves .
tr	I	I could barely get the words out , and my heart was pounding against my ribs .
tr	O	她想抬手遮住眼睛，但是当然她的眼睛与此无关。
tr	I	There 's no further hell falling from the blue sky , and this private estate fared slightly better than my mother 's villa .
tr	O	我不得不回头看一眼卡车里的卢克，并且那给了我所需的额外动力。
tr	I	The answer was immediate , and Kat 's eyes met mine .
tr	O	黑暗中可能有个流浪汉睡在我几英尺远的地方，但是我一点也不在乎。
tr	O	舍布鲁克企业很快就会对他们的新开发项目进行招标，并且他需要开始为一年后的选举定位自己。
tr	O	我想要一个答案，并且我现在就要。
tr	O	当她褪下他的牛仔裤时，她的头发滑过它，并且他发出一声粗重的喘息。
tr	O	我觉得他颤抖得少了，但是没有铃声告诉我，很难判断。
tr	O	她给我指明了如何上密西西比高速公路，并且我们回到格林贝的时间大大缩短了。
tr	I	I couldn 't focus on the chicken scratch on the pages and the pencil in my hand was limp between my fingers .
tr	I	I don 't mean the schizophrenic kind , and Marketing really isn 't anything more than word salad .
tr	O	我以前尝试解释过这个，但是每个人都对我如此生气，我确信他们没有人听进去。
tr	O	德文的手迅速伸出，并且他紧紧抓住我的手臂。
tr	I	The other woman did not even bat an eyelash but Misty was scared that would hurt Matilda .
tr	I	Her back arched up and her grip tightened on the hilt .
tr	I	Broken walls can be mended , and few enemy lives would be lost .
tr	O	她没有提及她辞职和他们约会的部分。
tr	I	We have a moment to look around and the pushing seems to weaken a bit .
tr	O	他一直想有朝一日做实地考察，并且这可能就是他需要的机会。
tr	O	她筋疲力尽，并且时间已经很晚了。
tr	I	I doubled over , dry heaving and my throat was on fire .
tr	O	瑞斯内心知道真相，并且那才是最重要的。
tr	O	这支舰队似乎正在追赶我们，并且 因此 它必定是一支作战舰队。
tr	I	The arrow grazed Altair 's cheek and one of the archers had checked his aim .
tr	O	当他那样做时，南希似乎意识到我正站在那里，并且 她转过身来面对我。
tr	I	It seems to work , but I don 't know what it is .
tr	O	手表发出暗红色的光，并且 突然他的右手也发光了。
tr	I	I 'm elated to see it vacant and a cab pulls up to the stop at the next block .
tr	O	想要了解这对她自己...还有约翰尼...意味着什么，约翰尼僵住了，意识到那意味着什么。
tr	I	On some level I was also genuinely attracted to him , but to be honest part of me was compelled by him .
tr	O	一支铅笔出现在他手中，并且 他开始挥舞它。
tr	O	我不想在两个月内失业，如果我在《旗帜报》工作，并且 它倒闭了。
tr	O	她努力露出笑容，但是 她眼睛直视前方。
tr	O	拉开它，并且 把她推过去。
tr	O	电话响了，并且在远处，她听到托马斯在答录机里说出一些数字。
tr	I	He would get stronger , but now he was weak .
tr	I	I have to get home , and I 've been working all night .
tr	O	起初他的语气很和蔼，但是他办公室的邀请听起来很公事化。
tr	I	He froze for a last stand , and I backed him into a corner of sorts .
tr	O	他们救出了西比尔，并且安德拉姐姐的遗骸被安全地放在他的行李袋里。
tr	O	艾莉后颈的汗毛都竖起来了，并且她感觉自己被监视着。
tr	I	She 'd kicked off her strappy heels , but she still wore her little black number from the party .
tr	O	我开始回答，但是她打断了我。
tr	I	She was determined to keep it that way and she had turned her back on that life .
tr	I	I was shaking and it was cold .
tr	O	他把日子花在诈骗客户上，并且我把我的日子花在练习舞蹈上。
tr	I	She had lost a lot of weight recently or she was either wearing someone else 's clothes .
tr	O	我对柯林斯眨了眨眼，但是她似乎不觉得有趣。
tr	O	这张照片的某些地方让她深感不安，但是她想不出是什么。
tr	O	他慢慢地推着我的担架到杰米的旁边，并且我躺在那里，我们的头并排着。
tr	O	为时已晚，并且很快他就明白了为什么。
tr	O	我的嘴动了，但是什么也没说出来。
tr	O	杰斯咆哮着，并且人群的叫喊声变成了吃惊的低语。
tr	O	Cal 抖动了几下手臂，直到针头进入可及范围并且他用右手抓住了它。
tr	O	莉亚试图摆脱缠斗，但是她注意到了一些东西。
tr	O	玛吉的手臂很紧张，并且我往后退了一点。
tr	I	I 'm giving you nothing , and you are giving me everything .
tr	I	Nick had ever been close and it wasn 't like she .
tr	O	我以班级倒数第一的成绩毕业，然而我却比我的妻子更聪明。
tr	I	She didn 't want to argue anymore , and she was embarrassed .
tr	O	瑞秋敲了敲窗户，但是几乎没有发出任何声音。
tr	O	我一开始很生气，但是后来我设身处地为你着想。
tr	O	安妮回来了，并且她爱他。
tr	I	She was more than willing to put her own insight into the companies , but she had no idea what he might be looking for .
tr	O	然后他碰了碰切尔西的胳膊肘，好像是要把她轻轻带出房间，但是她猛地避开了那个接触。
tr	O	我的手指更紧地缠绕着她的，并且我深吸了一口气。
tr	O	她的眼睛再次闪向变形者，并且她的爪子伸了出来。
tr	O	他们中许多人是退休的商业渔民，并且这已经深入他们的骨髓。
tr	I	Rachel couldn 't respond for a moment and the words stung .
tr	I	Things could be worse , and it was his job .
tr	I	We 're safe and we 're here .
tr	I	They 're ignoring it , but I think the cops know about it too .
tr	O	他们生活在二十一世纪，看在上帝的份上，并且他竟然在这里参与中世纪的仪式。
tr	O	在我这几百年里，我从未遇到过像它这样的东西，但是我有时间思考它。
tr	I	I suddenly realize he must be craving for my blood and he turns back towards me .
tr	O	他闭上了眼睛，并且我以为我听到了最轻微的叹息声。
tr	O	尽管如此，它移动得很快，并且很快我们就进去了。
tr	O	她的眼睛焦急地搜寻着房间，并且她发现了一个柔软的蓝色罩衫被搭在椅子靠背上。
tr	O	我对她眨了眨眼，并且她就走开了。
tr	O	这激怒了鲁本，但是他继续前进。
tr	O	他非常想要她，但是他费尽心机隐藏自己的欲望。
tr	O	门依然关着，并且喧闹声停止了。
tr	I	He had a competitive streak as well , but Eddie wasn 't quite as bad .
tr	O	他询问，天生的礼貌占据了主导，但是我看得出他眼中为何同意与我交谈的疑问。
tr	O	她感觉自己随时都会尖叫起来，而且她不喜欢自己成为这个疯狂、不理性的人。
tr	O	我听说过这些东西，但是从未见过。
tr	O	她不喜欢对她母亲撒谎，但是如果她母亲知道她的约会对象没来，盘问就会开始。
tr	O	佩图尼亚呜咽着，并且希瑟的女儿越过乔吉伸手进烘干机去抚摸她。
tr	O	雨很冷，但是他们挺了过去。
tr	O	我可能要进疯人院了，但是我没必要让全世界都知道我的旅程。
tr	O	她可能是一个被提名人，但是她相当确定他们可能甚至不会念出她的名字。
tr	O	孩子们在抽大麻，但是这并不罕见。
tr	I	The balance of power had shifted also , but the United States was irrefutably split now .
tr	I	We answered as many questions as possible and the police had arrived shortly after that .
tr	O	我听不到他的声音，但是他看起来像是在房间对面对我大喊大叫。
tr	O	她试图触碰他的思想，但是他只是静静地等待着。
tr	I	I know it and you know it .
tr	O	就在那一刻我的牢房门打开了，并且一个卑微的莫格走了进来。
tr	I	You have plenty of baby-making time on your month long honeymoon , but I really want a niece .
tr	O	她是一种令人愉悦的鸟，并且胖青蛙非常喜欢她。
tr	I	She was a fast learner , but yes , her financial situation was uncomfortable .
tr	I	She wasn 't as confident on her stiletto heels as before , and Gail 's black gown was wrinkled after all .
tr	O	天色以惊人的速度迅速变暗，但是他众多的担忧中不包括对光线的需求。
tr	I	What he really wanted to know was what his parents were like as individuals , but I couldn 't give him the full truth , obviously .
tr	O	有一个漂亮的、全尺寸的全景天窗，并且当他打开收音机时，扬声器系统听起来晶莹剔透。
tr	O	当时是清晨，但是气温已经在升高了。
tr	O	他想说些什么，但是他没有说，因为他的话反正也不会被听到。
tr	I	She knew she couldn 't tell her the whole truth , but she trusted Emily .
tr	I	Really it was just more monotony , but Sandor thought he was rewarding me with that Lecture Hall session .
tr	I	You Settlers among us , but not just the Spacers .
tr	O	我看得出他想更努力地推，但是这不再仅仅关乎我了。
tr	I	Sam was far away , but I could still feel our connection .
tr	O	杰奎琳带她去了一家精品店，而且艾利克斯犯了瞟了一眼价格标签的错误。
tr	O	那有助于让她暖和起来，但是她的脚却冰冷。
tr	I	I did not wish to turn around and she motioned with her weapon over my shoulder .
tr	I	Dominick would be Max , and she 'd start over as Emma Wright .
tr	I	When she saw the view below she gasped , and she let him escort her out of the car .
tr	I	I wanted to know but I didn 't know .
tr	I	It might be nice to see him grovel a little , but I understood why .
tr	O	我打开了我的冰箱，然后一张所需杂货清单立刻从旁边打印了出来。
tr	I	He gave her no choice , but Mira didn 't want to look at him .
tr	I	As the girls walked away , Shawn got up slowly , not willing to let anyone see how stiff he 'd gotten , and Lunch ended .
tr	O	他看到了她眼中的渴望，并且那与他内心涌动的欲望相符。
tr	I	Her instinct for survival quickly took over , but he was larger , stronger , deadly .
tr	I	Again Marius smiled , and they looked at one another for a moment .
tr	I	My voice echoed around the room and I shouted .
tr	O	女武神盯着我，并且我摸索着寻找解释。
tr	I	I told him so and it was exactly what I needed .
tr	O	泪水充满了她的眼睛，然后她眨了眨眼把它们忍了回去。
tr	I	Unfortunately , I didn 't have that talent , but I wished that my abilities included telepathy because I wanted to tell him to hurry .
tr	I	He couldn 't shake a sense of nervousness , and now they were on their way back to the SUV .
tr	O	你是老板，并且你代表着合法的权威。
tr	I	Bounding with joy , I communicated my discovery to my mother , and a new light seemed to dawn upon my mind .
tr	I	The vehicle disappeared into the night , but Deuce started to run after it .
tr	O	纳森收回了他的手，并且一个旋转的绿色漩涡出现了。
tr	O	我的耳朵已经知道真相了，并且太阳今天没有出来。
tr	I	He grinned as he pushed away from the curb and his expression became smug .
tr	I	I understood , but I didn 't like it .
tr	O	洛根放开了我，并且我看着马特。
tr	O	这张纸因为在谷仓里放了太久而变色了，并且有人在右下角用红墨水乱写了一通。
tr	I	Her posture was too stiff , her entire demeanor , too wary , but it should be the same for her .
tr	O	索耶看了我一眼，并且我给了她一个瞪大眼睛、恳求的眼神。
tr	O	我明白这一点，但是范不明白。
tr	I	Several minutes ticked away , and only silence greeted me .
tr	I	I told her so , and it wasn 't her place .
tr	O	她会从错误中吸取教训，并且然后他们都能继续前进。
tr	I	Everywhere else I could think of , and I checked up here twice , your parents ' house once .
tr	I	Amelia 's comments had only led to more questions about the puzzling Madeline Spencer , but her friend had been more forthcoming .
tr	I	I take this inside and Let 's you .
tr	O	我能感受到他的同情，但是那同情也浸透了他自己的痛苦。
tr	I	Her hand shook too much , but she started to punch in her combination .
tr	I	She wanted it to herself and this was still her office .
tr	O	我们骑车回到他的办公室，并且他把我绑到了他的沙发上。
tr	O	她笑了，并且那笑声缓解了他内心的一些东西。
tr	I	It was all about Violet , but neither had I. Will might not have either .
tr	O	他昨晚尝试检查了，但是那时还太早。
tr	O	她点了点头，并且他把她拉上了自行车后座，发动了引擎。
tr	O	那时，莉娅换好衣服了，但是这并没有困扰塔尼亚，因为她对莉娅的外表不感兴趣。
tr	O	他想知道可能还有多少人在要塞的走廊里穿梭，但是他没有担心。
tr	I	We watched it disappear and some of the sunset glow could be seen .
tr	I	HHA had quickly realised that it could be very useful indeed and I had inherited the nose section with one of my aircraft .
tr	I	We sat on one near a beautiful , lighted palm tree and there were some unoccupied seats at the bar 's exterior .
tr	I	I stopped myself before I could say something , but I wasn 't ready to do this .
tr	I	He needed more workers , but there was still time .
tr	I	He looked it , and I felt lost .
tr	O	火起初让她很紧张，但是现在她相当喜欢晚上生火。
tr	I	His stomach inched a little closer to his throat , and his hand wrapped around the ring inside .
tr	I	Apparently it shows and I have no idea what he 's talking about .
tr	I	You have to end this call but I don 't want to be rude .
tr	I	The sea was his realm , and he never spoke up much during meetings , since we mostly dealt with mortal problems .
tr	I	I remember wishing you could use my knee but I was too small to do more .
tr	O	无线电发出一阵刺耳的静电噪音，并且他摸索着控制器直到他设法将其关闭。
tr	I	He hadn 't fallen , but the Titan had stumbled .
tr	O	你编造了你的小谎言，并且她深陷其中。
tr	I	His cheeks shined like waxed apples , and he saw he wore corporal stripes .
tr	I	There 's a keypad and the desktop lifts up .
tr	O	石头在我滑下时硌着我的指关节，但是我拒绝放开我的枪。
tr	I	Even after trotting it all out , he still wanted Rachel , and damn it , he 'd gone into this conversation looking for a libido killer .
tr	I	I have tried to give you as much information as possible but I 'm sure the past few days have been overwhelming thus far .
tr	O	每个人戴着兜帽都看起来一样，并且内特无法分辨出那个声音。
tr	I	What could we do , but this seemed like a shallow hope ?
tr	I	I don 't know what I 'll find there , but I would invite you to stay at Monica 's .
tr	O	我确实想帮助他，并且我会找到一些事情与他一起做。
tr	O	传来一声嘶嘶声，并且那个男人尖叫起来，倒退着消失不见。
tr	I	How helpful Glenn Hallam had been and Ben told her about the blank prescription pad .
tr	O	他摔倒在地，试图翻滚以扑灭火焰，但是火焰却不熄灭。
tr	O	刺鼻的烟雾可能会掩盖任何更微妙的气味，但是布奇似乎很想尝试。
tr	I	His intense gaze made her speechless , but she wanted to speak , to tell him she 'd keep visiting Pea no matter what .
tr	I	I shook my head , and the guys took off .
tr	O	她让另一个男人碰了她，并且她想为此而死。
tr	O	聚光灯很亮，所以我从这里看不到她，但是我很有把握她正在微笑。
tr	I	Blake skied off to the side to let it pass , and one of the rescue team 's snowmobiles was pulling out .
tr	O	他检查了他的手机，但是劳伦没有打来电话。
tr	I	As such , it hurt me to see all the pain he felt over Jill 's disappearance , and I was proud to call him my friend .
tr	I	They could see lights in the windows , and there was smoke coming from the chimneys .
tr	O	托马斯尽力掩饰他的担忧，但是他现在更难控制自己了。
tr	I	It faded , but I tried to hold on to it .
tr	I	Max knew it , and Kevin had never been this adamant before .
tr	I	Tink intercepted him , but Jason took an awkward step forward .
tr	I	Contemporary threw her , but hymns were fine .
tr	O	愤怒很快在痛苦周围形成了一道屏障，但是杰克斯花了好一会儿才度过那沸腾的转变。
tr	I	In that moment she finally slew all her demons , and sheer feminine power surged through her at his response .
tr	O	我感到羞愧，而且我甚至不记得了。
tr	I	No sign of the physical trauma he 'd endured was with him , and his face was perfectly healed .
tr	O	他停顿了一下，等待着保证，但是它没有到来。
tr	I	I wasn 't having any of it , but he put his hands on my shoulders .
tr	O	多诺万尖叫起来，并且我及时趴到地上躲开了萨利抓来的手。
tr	O	他直到很晚才回来，但是他回来时我醒着。
tr	I	Death is the only thing that will divide us , and as a united front we will prevail over a lone vampire .
tr	I	He had not asked for the privilege , and he hadn 't been invited to sit .
tr	O	他们默默地吃着饭，并且萨凡纳很感激。
tr	I	He made a soft groan and I lightly squeezed his nipple between my fingers .
tr	O	我喝了一点，无视我面前的女孩，并且看着梅根噘嘴吸着吸管。
tr	O	蛋糕还需要半小时，并且她设定了计时器来提醒自己。
tr	I	Grace 's younger daughter , Kelly , provided day care for Noelle , and the two women had helped her find a new job .
tr	O	我问了，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	He 'd hate to howl with all those men watching , and when the bone broke , it was liable to be excruciating .
tr	O	一个伟大的国家必须向世界展示自己，而且德国是一个伟大的国家——也许是最伟大的。
tr	O	现在我正在努力，并且我会继续努力的。
tr	O	他试图清理地板，但是无济于事。
tr	O	他可能用一种奇怪的方式表达事物，但是他确实关心你。
tr	I	She was slowly becoming an obsession he had to have but he wished he could just walk away .
tr	O	我以前问过你，但是我现在又要问你。
tr	I	Marcus lowered his head and the people respectfully applauded .
tr	O	你已经认领了我，并且我不在乎这是否表现出来。
tr	I	Dad had inherited it and it had been Grandfather 's car .
tr	O	我认真考虑了说梦话的选项整整五分钟，但是我明白那个女人会一直打电话直到我到这里。
tr	I	He tucked it down against his chest to get it to stop and Lenny 's jaw clicked away like a jackhammer .
tr	I	They slipped out into the night and he took her by the hand .
tr	I	We laughed at the same places , which was heartening , and the movie we picked was a comedy .
tr	O	有些不比小鬼大，而且有些像房子一样大。
tr	O	他耸了耸肩，并且他们走向了卧室。
tr	I	It was her tone of voice that was telling but she squinted up at Josie .
tr	I	He found everyone waiting for him in the lounge and Neil was the last one out of the showers .
tr	O	我很乐意，但是我不知道我是否有能力。
tr	O	备用卧室的门开了一条缝，并且我不记得把它开成那样了。
tr	I	I rushed toward it , frantically hoping that I could make him stay , and panic struck me .
tr	O	我把枪往前推，并且它从我们身边滑开了。
tr	O	她正在吸吮着他，并且她嘴唇每一次轻柔的动作都让他的身体绷得更紧。
tr	O	对她来说，粗鲁是天性，但是她决心保持和平，直到吃完芝士汉堡。
tr	I	That 's as it should be , and you both have those responsibilities now .
tr	I	Elizabeth knew he saved Josh 's life , but Randy didn 't want to discuss how he managed the horror filled ATV ride to the truck .
tr	O	酒吧现在空荡多了，并且当我走出外面时，街道也同样空荡。
tr	I	It was the honest one , but I knew it probably wasn 't the answer Mom wanted .
tr	O	文斯对着他的饮料嗤鼻，并且我感到我的下巴绷紧了。
tr	I	She still didn 't have the time and now the twins were six years old .
tr	I	Damn if it didn 't turn him on , just a little , and she bared her teeth at him .
tr	I	Logic was of little comfort in that moment , but this would have been breaking the rules as far as I understood them .
tr	O	他只穿着一条牛仔裤，并且他肌肉的每一次动作都在挑逗着她。
tr	O	一股恶心的浪潮传遍我的全身，并且我感到我的头越来越晕。
tr	I	You could tell he wasn 't used to the small talk thing , but Bryce tried to keep the conversation going .
tr	I	I was glad to rest in an actual bed , and it had been a long , emotionally exhausting night .
tr	O	他慢慢地把手臂从我身边移开，并且除非是我在想象，否则他做这件事并不太高兴。
tr	I	I knew I didn 't like beer , but I didn 't know what I wanted .
tr	O	话题的突然转变让我有点头晕，但是我又点了点头。
tr	O	阳光透过茂密的树冠洒下，并且大地融化在阳光中。
tr	I	The mosquitoes were ever present , searching endlessly for blood , and the beetles were large , with thick , hard shells .
tr	O	他试了试把手，但是它又锁上了。
tr	O	也许这次她醒来时，她的父亲会在那里，并且他会有一杯热气腾腾的咖啡。
tr	O	队伍已经集合完毕，并且狩猎即将开始。
tr	O	我会分享冰淇淋，但是我们要在别的地方吃。
tr	I	Claire would sleep peacefully , and tonight they would end .
tr	I	Balthazar didn 't intend to give him that opportunity and no , that would require getting Skye alone .
tr	O	她不知道他是怎么创造那个奇迹的，并且她也不在乎。
tr	I	Katie told her thanks and she laughed .
tr	I	I feel him pressing inside me and he moves his weight onto his elbows .
tr	O	我努力不笑，但是看到别人中枪是我一天中最棒的部分。
tr	O	我以为他已经下班了，或者我绝不会冒着不穿泳衣滑入浴缸的风险。
tr	O	他开始说话了，但是我一开始没听到。
tr	O	我的灵魂在那晚死去了，并且我希望我的身体也能很快随之而去，因为待在这里实在太难了……太痛苦了。
tr	O	已经过了这么久了，并且我非常疲惫。
tr	O	他往后退了退，并且我挣扎着站了起来。
tr	I	The second that laughter climbed up my throat , Willow 's face flashed in my mind , but I desperately wanted to laugh about it .
tr	O	女服务员由她去了，但是伊欧娜注意到她停下来找另一位服务员说了几句。
tr	I	It stopped him for a moment , but it didn 't break his shield .
tr	O	格金市长把戒指递给了杰里米，并且莱西也给了他一个。
tr	O	凯尔西的目光锁定在我身上，并且突然间事情似乎不再那么好笑了。
tr	O	她的手摸向喉咙，并且她又张开了嘴。
tr	O	汤米·哈格雷夫死了，而且她就是警长一直提到的那个罪魁祸首。
tr	I	Austin decided that she wanted to support it , and it was a healthy dose of rebellion .
tr	O	我知道这一天会到来，但是我还没有为此做好准备。
tr	O	他的脸，在她上方，有着同样的空洞表情，但是里面却隐藏着一种让她不寒而栗的兽性。
tr	I	We could hide it behind some leaves instead of bare stems and it would have been a lot easier if it wasn 't autumn .
tr	I	Nick about died and she ran her tongue over her bottom lip .
tr	I	Her voice has a ring of desperation , and Sarah tries one more time .
tr	O	我们的嘴唇完美地对齐了，并且艾登的胸膛剧烈起伏。
tr	I	She believed he always would , and he had rescued her before .
tr	O	我的眼睛睁大，并且我的心在胸膛里剧烈跳动。
tr	I	She adopted him right away , and the thought made her furious .
tr	I	He was not going to wear a stupid dress , but he didn 't know who these aliens thought they were .
tr	O	卢克冒了险，并且我很欣赏他的诚实。
tr	I	She could outrun him easy , and he was fifty feet away .
tr	I	The sound filled the interior of the car , and Lorena was still screaming .
tr	O	我起初也跟着附和，但是我很快就改喝苏打水了。
tr	I	Now they were going to entertain themselves , and once the sun had started to set , the marauders decided to make camp .
tr	O	杰克拉链甚至都还没有碰她，但是他可能会碰她的这个念头就触发了一种原始反应。
tr	I	When after two days he still hadn 't heard anything , he put in a call to Rodriguez ; and Durrant too let him stew .
tr	I	We headed home and Crystal laughed as she started up the car again .
tr	I	He thinks his friends will laugh at him if he likes a girl , or maybe he 's shy .
tr	I	I 'm waiting for a break and all of the evidence is catalogued .
tr	O	在那种情况下，这算是相当标准的程序，但是因为他们没有受过训练，所以这是一个令人印象深刻的开始。
tr	I	He promised Amy she wouldn 't be the last to know , but this was going to be the hardest call of his life .
tr	O	那救不了他，现在也救不了，但是它确实化解了艾登最炽烈的怒火。
tr	I	Even she knew she 'd had very little to give in the first place , and she had nothing more to give .
tr	O	她很感激那件没能遮住她大部分皮肤以躲避他双手的小比基尼，但是这仍然不够。
tr	O	你可以显得担忧，但是你绝不能显得不确定。
tr	I	At the moment , it showed merely a sleeping pattern , but usually , they still mostly showed the characteristic coma pattern .
tr	O	剧痛在我脑中炸开，并且我感觉我的头皮快要被撕裂了。
tr	I	It 's been disconnected , but we have a number to what might be a cell phone .
tr	O	芬恩口出狂言，言语下流，但是我从未见过他与任何人在一起。
tr	O	他让她看到了另一种生活的可能性，但是这并不意味着她会为了他而离开她的丈夫。
tr	I	It 's obvious the bastard is enjoying himself , and he chuckles .
tr	O	他知道他可以选择申请破产，但是他拒绝考虑这一点。
tr	I	Her heart broke a little when Damen sucked in his breath audibly at the seeming snub , and she forced her gaze away from Damen .
tr	O	他受了重伤，并且我的自我检查正在帮助他恢复。
tr	O	其中一艘穿梭机轰鸣着从我们身边飞过，并且另一艘则落在后面。
tr	I	Now his body lay at the bottom of the Atlantic where it would remain for all time and his undying love had saved her .
tr	I	Now he saw just how smart Grandpa was , but Will had thought the idea of stores with no food ridiculous .
tr	I	I knew his sharp eyes missed nothing and his thin lips pressed in a line .
tr	I	He shut me out of his life , and three days since we came home .
tr	O	很少有人真正相信女猎人犯了那桩罪行，因为她曾认真履行保护社区的职责，但是所有人都害怕表达支持。
tr	O	我真没想到他们能有追溯到1984年的东西，但是看一看也无妨。
tr	O	他想逃跑，但是他最终还是会去找她。
tr	I	Obviously I 'm the only one , but I AM SO PROUD OF HER !
tr	O	我终于开口问道，并且我的声音更像是喘息。
tr	O	科尔比把眼睛转向天花板，但是他还是设法闭上了嘴。
tr	I	Hey , it was not , but I hoped that ours would be different .
tr	I	Together they made their way up the steps , and to go with the image , Lucas handed him a briefcase .
tr	I	His sweatshirt had covered her wrists until she started eating but she 'd been beaten .
tr	I	You are stronger than they are , but they are preying on your instincts .
tr	I	Sheridan pushed a button on the remote control , and I must have taken too long to answer .
tr	I	She fought the urge to go to him , and Max turned away to tend the stove .
tr	O	他所有的甜美都在最后流失殆尽了，并且他们只是在勉强支撑着。
tr	I	He was able to call for help before they cut him down , and he did his best to defend himself .
tr	I	They turned into real birds and Jesus looked at the birds .
tr	I	All the parts of me that were worth anything would be , but I may not be completely dead .
tr	I	He lifts his glass and his gaze flicks up .
tr	O	我的语气很轻松，但是内心深处的一部分真的想做这件事。
tr	O	我不是想伤害她的感情，但是在我来不及阻止之前，那声哼笑就从我唇边逸出了。
tr	O	我尽可能快地松开我的绳索，并且我跌入了有顶棚的露台。
tr	I	We walked outside again , and Lynnette waved a little .
tr	O	弗拉德不再发号施令了，但是莱利理解这项法令背后的原因。
tr	O	我的同事们可能不喜欢那样，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	I couldn 't pull my eyes off Aspen long enough to see , but Crystal must have turned around to see what I was looking at .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	罗杰开始站起来，但是布鲁姆把他拉了回来。
tr	I	If she hadn 't spoken , he wouldn 't have recognized her , but it was Joanie .
tr	I	The waves really are crazy and Gavin drops anchor .
tr	I	She needed time to get over the hell McRae had put her through , but the woman might have a backbone of steel .
tr	O	寒冷充满了房间，那种噬骨的寒冷，并且他把那条磨损的毯子紧紧地盖在他单薄的睡袍上。
tr	O	他的视线被泪水模糊了，并且他没有击中。
tr	I	They were both clearly visible and the moon was almost full .
tr	O	贾斯汀等了几分钟，想看看她的摩托车手男友会不会追上她，但是没有任何事情发生。
tr	O	他面色严峻如死地为她点燃了它，并且她把它放进嘴里。
tr	O	我的失望非常强烈，但是我努力掩饰它。
tr	O	他神情严肃，但是我并不惊讶他注意到我撒了谎，因为我的声音有些迟疑。
tr	O	她不想寻找任何更深层的东西，并且她绝对不想开始谈论后悔。
tr	I	Only half of its seats were occupied , but this conference room could comfortably seat forty .
tr	O	我知道这不是大家希望我做出的那个决定，但是它是我的。
tr	I	I followed him off the stage , and Trystan nodded his head at me .
tr	O	他的勃起似乎更大了，如果那还有可能的话，并且我能看到他脖颈间的脉搏在搏动。
tr	O	梅根专注地看着她，并且凯利又把目光移开了。
tr	I	She detected a smile behind his eyes , but his voice was serious .
tr	I	I remember keeping close to the bridge , but the memory of those hours is vague .
tr	O	然后他站在一片奇怪的、无色的平原上，并且周围似乎都是雕像。
tr	O	桌上的每个男人看到多出两位女性都振作起来了，但是机会仍然渺茫。
tr	I	She jerked away from him , looking at his hand as though it were a snake about to strike , but he reached out again .
tr	I	When she opened her hand again the heart was gone , and a light came from behind them .
tr	O	她的头脑提醒她需要放下奥斯汀，但是她的心却每一步都在抗拒这个想法。
tr	O	她向我靠过来，并且涌过我身体的肾上腺素让除了我心跳之外的一切都归于寂静。
tr	O	梅林跳下来观察，但是她没有理会他。
tr	I	The stars had begun to hide , And the sky had just turned on .
tr	I	Her brain provided the answer the second he looked at her , but she needed a few minutes to recognize the young man .
tr	I	I couldn 't find you , but I went looking for you .
tr	I	Quinn didn 't have one of those , either ... but instead , they used pain switches to ensure compliance .
tr	I	It had gotten a lot less playful , but they 'd kept having this conversation over the years .
tr	I	Any that wanted to come to Portsmouth should be on board ready to depart and Robert announced he would be leaving in two days .
tr	O	她在四岁时就开始学钢琴了，但是她讨厌其中的每一分钟。
tr	I	I 've pulled it off , but it 's just been so hard keeping secrets from Zoe .
tr	O	我感到眼睛湿润，呼吸急促。
tr	O	他看起来与光顾我们场所的其他人没什么不同，但是他在我看来很可疑。
tr	O	他试图站起来时，将一只带血的手按在地板上，但是我却先到了。
tr	I	I know that he believes me , and the worry fades from his eyes .
tr	O	蒂姆开车送她回家，并且她一走进门，就看到了放在前厅桌上的盒子。
tr	O	她显然喜欢他，但是他的感情却很矛盾。
tr	I	When the officers placed a registration form in front of him he looked at it carefully and the man did not struggle .
tr	O	他用右手伸到衬衫下面，并且我想起之前看到过金属的反光。
tr	I	I know it is near , but I can barely track it .
tr	O	防护措施有很多，并且它们全都致命。
tr	I	Ours was a busy life , but I thought when I could .
tr	O	真皮座椅被毁了，并且内饰闻起来像鸡屎，这都无所谓。
tr	O	我的名字是马尔罗尼·杰克斯，但是这个家伙的奇怪口音让它听起来……很奇怪。
tr	I	They were speaking too quickly for me to understand , but I strained to hear the Hungarian words underneath the English of the reporter who was translating .
tr	I	It wasn 't really a question , but he asked her .
tr	O	我们一直睡到下午，并且埃勒里向我展示了她有多么感激。
tr	I	She would like you and you would like her .
tr	O	他看起来很累，好像他没怎么睡觉，但是他似乎没有宿醉。
tr	I	I 'm so allergic to it and it has always been his line .
tr	I	At other times , it could be as exact as a Mozart Sonata , and sometimes it turned out to be a jumble .
tr	I	My heart crumbles and Dad sobs now .
tr	I	I don 't care , and I don 't know .
tr	O	我知道萨拉和我都需要来点咖啡。
tr	I	Now it looked so empty , so lonely , but the town may have had happy townspeople before .
tr	I	Its construction looked a lot older , hundreds of years in Ben 's opinion , but the Towers were built at the four corners of the palace .
tr	O	她可能没有恶魔的力量，但是她并非完全无助。
tr	I	I brought up a map search engine and I accessed the internet once again .
tr	I	His gaze stopped on Tristan , and the mysterious Mr. Chase looked around the classroom .
tr	O	他们正要拆除它，并且那本会使电力公司损失一大笔钱。
tr	O	那位女士的眼睛转向了她，并且现在我看到她的脸变得柔和了。
tr	I	You will also gain parts of other people 's abilities , but if you go with them you will lose some of your own ability .
tr	O	这不容易，但是在灯光如此昏暗的情况下，这还是可能的。
tr	O	她回以微笑，并且他感到一阵突如其来的希望。
tr	O	一把软垫椅出现在卡利俄珀身前几英尺处，并且亨利放开了我，好让我可以坐下。
tr	I	I could hear the air-conditioner humming quietly and cool air hit me in the face .
tr	O	我们已经摧毁了半吸血鬼半人类的摩托车帮，但是还有那个创造了他们的吸血鬼需要担心。
tr	I	A slight smile curved his lips , and those green eyes focused on her again .
tr	I	Chelsea treasured the beautiful wooden clogs that Daddy had brought back for her , and a few months ago he had gone to Amsterdam .
tr	I	He would walk away , or he would either offer marriage to save her reputation .
tr	I	She froze , silently cursing herself , but the sole of her boot muffled the sound .
tr	I	Her friends tended to talk about them as if they were real , and she 'd been drawing these creatures since she was a little girl .
tr	O	第一个人不知怎么地已经爬了四分之一的路程，并且更多的难民抓住了绳子末端。
tr	O	我们会在一起，并且那才是最重要的。
tr	O	他挥手让基利安出了门，并且他们就离开了。
tr	O	她可以在堡垒里随意走动，并且她所有的需求都得到满足。
tr	I	There was something about him that was similar , but I admit this man looked nothing like Patrick .
tr	I	Then we 'll see , and I 'll call tomorrow for an appointment .
tr	I	I could hear the frustration in his voice , but he shrugged .
tr	O	他的手绕到我的背部，并且他一气呵成地解开了我的胸罩。
tr	I	It did , but his disinterest shouldn 't have bothered me .
tr	O	我知道他们在看着我，但是我对此也毫不在意。
tr	I	She kissed me back hard and I kissed her hard .
tr	I	She released her grip on him , and Harry let go of her coat .
tr	I	It wasn 't the wind , but the wind , I thought .
tr	O	天很快就要黑了，并且他希望能迎接Charming回家。
tr	O	微风带来远处山坡上采茶人轻柔的歌声，并且她在一棵树的阴影下停下来倾听。
tr	I	They made room for him and it was a large hole .
tr	I	It came right off , and I twisted the ring the other way .
tr	I	Sarah held the newborn life in her arms , and soon the cheers were echoing all around them .
tr	I	After a while it climbed steeply , and soon the passage that had been sloping down began to go up again .
tr	I	There were very few dramatics , and there was no reverential air .
tr	O	他本会伸出援手，但是她似乎一点也不需要他的帮助。
tr	O	我今年世界历史得了A，但是时代服装并没有出现在我们任何一场考试中。
tr	I	Now his words haunted her , but at the time , Hanna had paid attention only because she thought the cop was sort of hot .
tr	I	Shorter strands had escaped , falling across his tanned cheeks , but his shoulder-length blond hair was pulled back into a ponytail .
tr	I	She laughed before hurrying to follow him and I stuck my tongue out at her .
tr	O	他的声音开始剧烈颤抖，并且他把脸埋在她的头发里。
tr	I	He produced a pair of handcuffs , and he nodded at the officer to his right .
tr	I	She definitely didn 't want to go there , and otherwise she 'd probably start thinking about the past .
tr	O	他本想说些关于那个吻的话，但是卡米尔已经够不自在的了。
tr	I	Before the coming of the tiger he had slipped away , and he knew all the possible ways out of the room .
tr	I	Giving him hope would keep him on his best behavior , but I wasn 't sure exactly how our honeymoon would work out .
tr	I	The only sign of anyone is the janitor out front emptying the garbage cans and the bleachers are empty .
tr	O	她死于肺痨已经一年了，并且我的妹妹洛丽已经取代她成为学校老师。
tr	O	我的双眼被泪水模糊了，但是我一动也不能动。
tr	I	Some of them would have to be replaced and there were clamps on almost every surface of the vessel .
tr	I	Mom would be heartbroken and Dad would be disappointed .
tr	I	She moved to Heaven , but her body is here .
tr	O	我告诉他他需要治愈我，并且作为回报，我会让他活下去。
tr	O	维拉离开后我试图更多地参与，但是她妈妈不希望她靠得太近。
tr	I	His fists clenched , and his eyes flashed with anger .
tr	I	Her body hummed like a beehive , and her brain filled in the gaps with graphic images collected over the past three hours .
tr	O	我点点头，并且他继续说。
tr	I	My spells can only do so much , but your physical strength has mostly returned to you .
tr	O	我活着是为了让她开心，并且她爱我，比我一生中任何时候被爱得都多。
tr	I	In more ways than I care to count , I actually was and I felt as if I was just starting my life .
tr	O	奶奶没有好转，但是它们是我今天处理过的最容易的事情。
tr	O	她开始走路，并且我跟着她。
tr	I	The countess wasn 't , but the tiara was real .
tr	I	Some were destined to wield it , and some people were born with it .
tr	O	这里混杂着一丝机器和人的气味。
tr	O	敏跌跌撞撞，并且他不情愿地把她按倒在地，轻易地忽视了她的挣扎。
tr	I	She wasn 't accustomed to taking risks like Hailey and the whole bubbly thing didn 't work for her .
tr	I	Blackness enveloped her , and she felt a sharp pain in her arm .
tr	I	I was over it , but all the while , he stood motionless , looking at me like I was some sort of specimen .
tr	I	He didn 't so much as look at me , and I handed him the fresh copy with his afternoon coffee .
tr	I	They had vacated but it seemed like there had been people recently .
tr	O	赞德试图牵我的手，但是已经太迟了。
tr	I	He 'd saved her , yet he was a destroyer .
tr	I	I recognized the deep drawl but he 'd startled me .
tr	I	Robots haven 't been programmed to keep out of sight , and there are bound to be people about , especially in the Eos metropolitan area .
tr	O	她以为这里大多数人对她来说都很熟悉，但是相当一部分女人不熟悉。
tr	O	我在自己内心深处找到了一个钢铁核心，而且它不会让我做出这么多妥协。
tr	O	他的眼睛又暗了一度，但是它们从未离开我的眼睛。
tr	I	I raise the knife and I scream at him .
tr	O	她舔了舔嘴唇，而且他吸入了空气中她散发的热气的芬芳。
tr	I	She didn 't care because , bottom line , she 'd just seen a ghost but she asked on a whisper , sounding childish !
tr	O	尽管如此，在感觉像下降了一个小时之后，他的手臂因劳累而灼痛，而且他身体内部感觉像正在瓦解。
tr	O	我不认为你意识到了这一点，但是你在给我你的信任的那一刻就注定了你的命运。
tr	I	For a moment it looked like it was going in and he executed the shot .
tr	O	卡拉从噩梦中被唤醒，而且她的脑海里充满了那些梦境。
tr	I	They weren 't far from it , maybe sixty yards , but they 'd crossed over to the west side of the road .
tr	I	He had landed in a bank of snow and in an instant the door had slammed shut .
tr	O	我清楚我是一个糟糕的骗子，但是伊森知道我无法在不完全暴露自己的情况下撒谎。
tr	O	华丽的挂毯垂挂在天花板上，并且我现在意识到我的手正搭在某人的手上。
tr	I	There was undeniably a strange sense of companionship developing , but we didn 't speak much .
tr	I	Suddenly the party was back on and everyone standing near the table laughed .
tr	I	It always proved to be a nightmare , and add a full moon to the equation .
tr	I	We 're going to have a problem getting him out of here and all we need is a stray shot to hit his suit .
tr	O	护士按了一个按钮，并且床头升起足够高，足以让蕾娜直立坐好。
tr	I	They suck , but some people disapprove .
tr	O	我闭上眼睛，害怕它再次发生，但是无法阻止那股温暖的爱意在我体内流淌。
tr	I	She had ridden to warn me , and Valentine had heard the rumors too .
tr	O	森林里有一小块空地，并且他们决定在那里扎营。
tr	I	If this was her only hope of getting out now , she was taking that chance , but maybe he 'd drop her on the ascent .
tr	O	她抬头看着他，并且他笑了。
tr	O	他紧抿着嘴唇，并且我心里一沉。
tr	I	He fished it out of his pocket , and Bennett 's phone buzzed .
tr	I	Two are vacant , and there are only four campsites on the property .
tr	O	他知道她会很难搞，但是这仍然让他感到沮丧。
tr	O	房间突然一片寂静，并且在那寂静中无处可藏。
tr	O	苏珊首先走了出去，但是当她接近萨维塔时，她后颈的汗毛竖了起来。
tr	I	We went to Florida for a family trip in high school and I hadn 't seen the ocean since I was a kid .
tr	I	Beth 's body took up a lot of room all the same , but the space was big enough for all of them .
tr	O	提醒我那天早上发生的事情让我的胃里形成了一块冰，并且我把指甲深深地扎进手掌。
tr	O	我只有一个女性朋友，并且她正在波士顿完成法学院学业。
tr	O	他极其缓慢地倾身向前，直到他的嘴唇刚刚碰到我的，并且仅仅是对它们的期待就足以让我瘫痪。
tr	I	Never had been and Mike wasn 't much of a planner .
tr	I	She felt compelled to suggest it , but Valerie didn 't actually believe that .
tr	O	顾客有选择权，并且他会买最好的。
tr	I	One of the guards outside said something to her sharply , and she opened it .
tr	I	I had objections to all of them ; and Mother had lined up four houses to see .
tr	I	Her breath trembled with each inhale , and her eyes were raw from crying .
tr	O	我觉得它很棒，但是旺达发出了很多吱吱声。
tr	I	I knew why and she seemed surprised .
tr	I	She was lost , and he gave a knowing nod .
tr	I	I carried a coughing Riley out of the ocean , and I made it back to shore in record time .
tr	I	Maybe she was starting to wake up too , as she moved her bottom closer to him , or she shifted in her sleep .
tr	O	特拉维斯仍然没有看着我，并且我想知道他把这件事情藏在心里多久了。
tr	I	There 's no reason for you to come with me , but I 'll look for Cadaver anyway , just in case .
tr	I	I sigh , and she chatters .
tr	O	牧师比林斯说，当他的眼睛眯起，并且他把手抬向克洛伊时。
tr	O	她爱埃斯米胜过世界上任何人，并且她知道那位年长的女人会为她付出生命。
tr	I	Because I had not witnessed the gradual topographic expansion , this sudden revelation was staggering , and it had changed overnight .
tr	O	缠绕在她手腕上的深色金属手环颤动了，并且她刮擦着它，试图取下它。
tr	O	她看着他，犹豫着，并且然后转身离开。
tr	I	I took one last look at my husband before I shut my eyes and he slipped the blindfold over the crown of my head .
tr	O	她知道我正在努力，并且那让她很高兴。
tr	I	She felt cool air hit her back as the fabric peeled away and he tugged .
tr	O	这就是我们在这里的原因，并且我们不会不战而退！
tr	I	I couldn 't exactly share that with Beth , but I knew she was with Jared .
tr	I	I didn 't want to burden him with this on top of everything else , and he hadn 't heard what Solaris had said .
tr	I	I sighed , and Jared pressed his warm chest against me .
tr	I	I 'd invented a whole imaginary life , but other kids might have had imaginary friends .
tr	O	我的十五岁生日快到了，并且不知为何我感到兴奋。
tr	I	His gums ached , and Moisture pooled around his tongue .
tr	I	His words only seemed to fluster her more , but he waited for her to preen .
tr	O	只有他的手臂保护着我，我本可能轻易摔倒的，但是我知道利维不会把我放下。
tr	I	I started to lose my sight : and for Lorenzo was gone .
tr	I	She managed to keep a straight face , looking down her patrician nose at him , but Ryland saw her lips curve for just a moment .
tr	O	体育场后部的灯光没有那么亮，并且人也不多。
tr	O	她身上出了一层薄薄的汗，并且她用尽全力才止住颤抖。
tr	I	He winced and his knee cracked .
tr	O	这种感觉很好，但是压力依然存在。
tr	O	他看得出她很想尝试，但是她不想开口。
tr	O	他的脸看起来很平静，并且他就像他们发现他时一样。
tr	O	我们吃完了午餐，并且作为一个南方绅士，杰克逊坚持要付钱。
tr	I	His mind drifted to thoughts of what it would be like to know Mandi on a more intimate level , and it was most fascinating .
tr	O	它们都是她去过很多次的美丽国家，但是她都不会选择它们作为蜜月地点。
tr	O	她带着棕色的眼睛入睡，并且当她在黎明时被狼嚎声惊醒时，她的左眼变成了蓝色。
tr	O	我准备去跟着她，但是一阵剧痛在我脑中爆发。
tr	I	I wasn 't going to change my story , but I was never a very good liar .
tr	I	It 's just so ... peaceful , and you hardly ever hear cars driving by .
tr	O	门开了，并且托拜厄斯溜了进来。
tr	I	Celaena kept her focus on Nox , falling so fast , so far from her outstretched hands , but Chapter 22 Wind tore at her .
tr	O	我说这话感到很糟糕，但是他必须明白。
tr	I	We just kept digging through the things , but Rob looked at me quick .
tr	I	I shiver , and the simple touch of his hand sliding across the thin fabric of my dress is enough to set my nerves on fire .
tr	I	My heart almost stopped , and a figure came through the door .
tr	I	A solemn silence descended , and the music died down to a low background hum .
tr	I	He wished he could have a picture of that moment and she was waving as he pulled out of the driveway .
tr	I	Every minute it was getting darker and the sun was already setting .
tr	I	The smile on her face said he wasn 't in too much trouble , but Emily slapped Mark 's arm .
tr	O	他冲她咆哮，而且她也发出了咆哮声作为回应。
tr	I	Mike picked up the phone , and she dialed her home number .
tr	O	我们在波士顿大吵了一架，而且我他妈的不知道他想干什么。
tr	I	It looked very nice and her hair was up .
tr	O	吸血鬼的眼睛发出炽热的红光，而且他的嘴唇向后咧开，露出獠牙。
tr	O	老师走了进来，并且我们压低了声音。
tr	O	我们永远无法摆脱“程序”，而且即便我们摆脱了，谁又能说他们不会改变规则呢？
tr	O	随着他接近高潮，科尔开始拍打那个女孩的屁股，并且我停下了机器。
tr	I	No sound came out , but Dreamer opened her mouth .
tr	I	It 's nothing like Cheri 's , and it 's not a full nude .
tr	O	他的眼睛很悲伤，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	她凝视着我的眼睛，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	My heart beats harder and his eyes are panicked .
tr	O	我在很多方面都辜负了他，但是今晚他因为我的弱点而感到沮丧。
tr	I	I felt like I was on a roller coaster , and he threaded his fingers through mine .
tr	I	He was not going to be able to explain anything to these robots and Everything was unreal .
tr	O	快速瞥了一眼它的脸，她的手就飞快地捂住了头，并且她发出了绝望的喊叫。
tr	I	He used it to his best advantage and he knew that her shifting weight meant she was distracted .
tr	O	她伸出了手，并且他立刻抓住了它，已经信任她了。
tr	O	门毫无预警地开了，并且胖查理跌跌撞撞地走了进来，进入了走廊尽头的空杂物间。
tr	I	He doesn 't touch me but Chapter Ten Adam puts on the gloves .
tr	I	What could she do , but Trisha did not want to think that way .
tr	I	Jake came running out of the house , and Chapter Eleven Beth pulled into the driveway .
tr	O	话语急促地涌出，但是地面非常理解。
tr	O	我不认为安吉丽娜足够强壮到真的能造成内出血，但是 我仍然需要让黛拉检查一下。
tr	I	He 'd only be wearing it for an hour , perhaps , but the one they had found for him bound him slightly under the armpits .
tr	O	大尺寸液晶显示器亮了起来，并且 桌面加载完成后，安吉丽娜打开了一个网页浏览器。
tr	I	Ellery took her from me and Julia started to whine .
tr	O	索林说道，并且 他跳到火堆前，以免他们扑向他。
tr	O	我的脚打滑了，但是 我的手臂抓住了。
tr	I	There was a couple times we didn 't but I mean we used a condom a couple of times .
tr	I	You insisted , but I am sorry you have come so far .
tr	O	桑德的蓝眼睛鼓了出来，并且 他迅速开始扫视房间。
tr	I	He felt decades older , but he was only forty-six .
tr	I	I would leave that for now , but it sounds as if you want to speak to Angela again boss .
tr	O	他的指尖深入我的皮肤时，我勉强发出了一声呻吟，并且 这种接触如此刺激，我几乎瘫倒在地板上。
tr	O	突然她整个脸都亮了起来，并且 她抓住了我的手臂。
tr	I	Excitement glowed in his eyes , but he gave me a weak smile .
tr	I	I don 't see the cafeteria anymore , but I know that 's where I am .
tr	O	博伊尔挪动了一下身体，歪了歪头，并且 拳头擦过他的耳朵。
tr	I	He 'd never give up until she did , but she wished she didn 't have to have this conversation .
tr	O	我开始走了，并且我们俩谁都没说话有一会儿了。
tr	O	戴利小姐从某人那里听说了，并且她和一位现在已经成为她密友的法国牙医一起出现了。
tr	I	It had reminded him of when he was young , carefree , and he had been having such a good day yesterday , a great hunt .
tr	O	我以为霍尔先生可能会责备我，但是他只是在我凝视窗外时笑了起来。
tr	I	It was to no avail but the ghost inhabiting my body struggled from side to side .
tr	O	达米安对那孩子的虚张声势印象深刻，但是那并没有骗过他片刻。
tr	I	He was entertaining enough as a business partner and oh sure , his money was good enough .
tr	I	Her relationship with him had been forever ruined , and the results had been disastrous .
tr	O	这本不该对他有关系，但是显然他还有足够的灵魂，所以这对他有关系。
tr	O	他的舌头碰到了我的，并且他舌头在我口中探索的丝绒般的摩擦让我双腿开始发抖。
tr	I	It was ominous and she recognized her employer 's tone of voice .
tr	O	维克森林大学比罗格斯大学小，这意味着课程也小，并且艺术史系的教授们对教学充满热情。
tr	I	She refused , but they offered for Daisy to join them .
tr	O	他的后脚轻微地踩在我身上，并且他的前爪放在沙发靠背上，他向着侧院咆哮。
tr	I	That gave Rif courage , and her voice sounded calmer this time .
tr	O	我甚至会饶恕那个人的性命和她儿子的性命。
tr	O	他一直称她为他的小甜心公主，并且那个充满爱意的称呼不知为何此时意义重大。
tr	I	They gave him the same thrill they always did , but the soft words came out a little breathy .
tr	O	懂音乐的男人对我有一种特殊的吸引力，并且如果他为我唱小夜曲，我会很喜欢。
tr	I	He felt the chill of the air like a sprinkle of fine mist , and the strain from winking the tube away had worn off .
tr	I	There was no shadow of him but she looked around .
tr	I	It was calling him and there was somebody 's face there .
tr	I	His breathing was a little labored and his palms were starting to sweat .
tr	I	She never used them , but Mum had bought her some recipe books .
tr	I	She noticed the long scratches across his back and she watched him as he passed .
tr	O	他的眼睛湿润了，但是眼泪停止了流淌。
tr	O	我看见了她，并且她看见了我。
tr	I	The notion set her heart beating out a rapid pulse and he sounded as if he cared what she thought of him .
tr	O	亨利死了，并且我再也无法抱我的儿子了。
tr	I	I will forever be yours , despite the seasons that pass , and I am yours .
tr	I	Panic had made them clumsy , but as he 'd expected , they were frantically trying to reload .
tr	I	Many of the other structures in the city aren 't safe to live in , but this cave we are in seems stable .
tr	I	There were few things I hated more than Patrick being right , and I exhaled , knowing he was right .
tr	I	The Apple was in his hand , and there , on the parapet of a tall tower , stood Abbas .
tr	I	They were just out of reach but I could feel memories pushing into my mind .
tr	O	指纹可以用来提取DNA，但是众所周知，获取足够可靠的材料取决于很多因素。
tr	O	我的心猛跳，我的脉搏在全身剧烈跳动。
tr	O	米利根对罗斯福说了些难听的话，并且他向杰西·弗朗西斯报告了这件事。
tr	I	My estimation of her went up a notch , and she returned back to her typing with a smile of her own .
tr	O	他朝我迈出了一步，并且我立刻退开了。
tr	I	His dark mood was soon replaced with a feeling of joy , and her presence , as she had promised , was with him .
tr	I	I was ok on the idea but the class awed in disapproval .
tr	O	很容易看到有三匹马，并且那些女人被迫走路。
tr	O	现在他们都过了十四岁了，并且他们对这一切的看法也许和我们这些小孩子不一样。
tr	O	它烧伤了他的手，并且他差点把它掉了。
tr	O	她很快就期待我的到来，但是现在还不是她的时间。
tr	I	That was the roar that had awakened me , but I didn 't know at the time .
tr	I	They seemed ' human ' enough , but he didn 't know what alien women were like .
tr	I	There was also more light , but there were occasional clumps of brush to avoid .
tr	I	I like him , and he likes me .
tr	I	He followed her into the narrow hall , and the door opened .
tr	O	我发誓我听到他喊了些关于不服从的话，但是我没有留下来听。
tr	O	一种麻木的恐惧感顺着他的脊椎蔓延开来，但是他却怎么也想不明白为什么。
tr	O	她认为那是一个愚蠢的问题，但是那是他们故事中缺失的部分。
tr	O	他滑倒在一滩血泊中，并且隔板在他撞击时发出咯吱声。
tr	O	我们是同一个人，但是被时间分隔了。
tr	I	He answered it and his phone rang .
tr	O	瞬间夹具松开了我的脚，并且我自由了。
tr	I	I stared at her and my mouth dropped open .
tr	I	I wanted to find out , and I wondered if the rest of her skin was as soft .
tr	O	我表现得像个男人，并且她在那里。
tr	O	他不擅长问候，并且他当然也应付不了告别。
tr	O	美国不高兴，并且由于政府只对援助大企业感兴趣，整个美国民众都情绪恶劣。
tr	O	人们每天都做蠢事，并且莱顿已经证明了他不是银河系中最有逻辑的人。
tr	I	I have no idea of what to do and my rational thoughts are being overtaken by emotions .
tr	I	We leave without a backward glance and Nash leads me to the door .
tr	O	她身为莫林的契约佣人还不够，但是她还借了钱。
tr	O	她的嘴唇动了动，但是没有发出声音。
tr	O	它无法从空中看到，并且任何从水路靠近的人都会被我们私人保镖军队立即发现。
tr	O	41号牵牛星拜访了教堂，并且看到骚乱时他的心沉了下去。
tr	O	她的呼吸让面前的玻璃蒙上了一层雾气，并且她迅速用拳头擦掉了它。
tr	O	逻辑告诉他她也认出了斯迈思的手，但是他的嫉妒使他对此视而不见。
tr	O	活生生的犯罪证据最终会给白宫一些即时的谈判筹码，并且黑尔那时肯定会陷入恐慌。
tr	I	This one was different , but there are often screams in this place .
tr	I	There were two things he 'd figured out about her already , but he might not know her well .
tr	I	Someone always suffers and someone always benefits .
tr	O	正如我所说，梅蒂斯人已经占领了道格拉斯堡，但是我不相信他们会继续使用暴力。
tr	O	我的第一反应是其中一名囚犯逃跑了，并且整个地方都被封锁了，就像监狱里一样。
tr	O	他甚至看不到一丝微弱的闪烁的灯光，但是她的温暖增加到了真正的热度。
tr	O	加勒特朝米卡的方向扬了扬眉毛，但是她只是摇了摇头。
tr	I	She enjoyed the attention , but it was very strange .
tr	O	几乎立刻门开了，并且本滑了出去。
tr	I	He ignored the ache but his legs had grown weary hours ago .
tr	I	They 're acting like my high school pom squad , and these are ancient faeries , for Pete 's sake .
tr	I	They were able to move without leaving tracks , and this ground was more solid , worn down to rocks .
tr	O	她不太了解那个男人，但是她有一种关于人的直觉，这种直觉很少出错。
tr	O	她听起来很惊讶史黛西竟然会提出这个建议，但是她当时并不知道史黛西的过去。
tr	O	她给他找来了干净的衣服，但是它们已经被汗水浸湿了。
tr	I	My life would be ruined or I have to go back .
tr	O	我们向他们保证我们会更好地利用他们的技术，并且他们给了我们一份不同的说明书。
tr	O	他以前从未到过我们的星球，并且他不能像一个有教养的人，像一个朝臣那样行事。
tr	O	我被猎人包围着，并且我正心甘情愿地走向任何吸血鬼都不该去的地方。
tr	I	There are a few constants , but Humanity changes all the time .
tr	I	Michael pulled up a cleverly camouflaged trap door , but at first it seemed impossibly narrow for either of them to enter .
tr	O	她寻找那个年份，但是它不明显。
tr	O	我开始叫她回来，但是巴克伸出手阻止了我。
tr	I	The pain had begun to subside , but Hanna 's eyes were still squeezed closed .
tr	I	He knew for a fact that she 'd had to put down several herself and she 'd been raised around cattle .
tr	O	他没有接电话，并且自从他们约会后，他就没有来过。
tr	O	埃迪穿过街道前往莱克家，并且加文走进去，用指关节敲着前门。
tr	O	史蒂文不认为那听起来对劲，但是他还是接受了。
tr	I	Steve shrieked , clutching his ruined fingers and the knife span into the dark shadows .
tr	I	It was getting increasingly hard but I knew I just had to wait until tomorrow .
tr	O	艾米莉亚觉得她母亲很烦人，但是她知道不应该那样和她说话。
tr	O	她想反驳，但是一个音节后它就消失了。
tr	O	好的，他出汗了，但是气味不难闻。
tr	I	Bobby set it up and we got everything back .
tr	I	The two looked at each other confused , unable to come to a comprehension and he tried speaking back to the man .
tr	O	一辆军用卡车停在附近，但是我们离得太远，无法跳上去。
tr	O	街对面矗立着庞大的皇宫酒店，并且它一排排的凸窗在午后的阳光下闪耀着金光。
tr	I	They were impressive with long , lean fingers that a surgeon would envy and she could only see the muscular forearms .
tr	I	The cat sniffed him , and he bent to pick up Martha .
tr	O	我不会浪费时间去想我的丈夫，然而，我对我的行为感到有些内疚。
tr	I	As I do he pulls me to him , his free hand gripping my waist , and I rock back , wanting to take more of him .
tr	O	粘液从他的嘴里喷出来，并且我像导弹发射器一样把他的头指向了站在附近的那些人。
tr	O	他的手因烧伤仍呈粉红色，并且他毁坏的声音再也好不了多少了。
tr	O	贝卡一生都参与戏剧制作，但是这是她第一次创作的作品。
tr	I	Then I told her why , and I told her that I was glad Christmas was over .
tr	I	It held him fast , and it was like he was a decoration on top of a cake , mushed into the icing .
tr	O	甚至电视都被掀翻了，而且它的背面被撕掉了。
tr	I	She was not that fussed on them and creatures of the night were not her speciality .
tr	O	她开始说她不想看电影，但是他已经转过身去，走进客厅了。
tr	O	他可能很英俊，但是效果还是很诡异。
tr	O	他们走到那座很高大的建筑，并且它甚至比他们当时在纽约登上的那座还要高。
tr	I	Raven might not believe her until he heard it from his own master which is impossible and it was hard to explain .
tr	I	I wrap my arms around his neck , and my mouth finds his .
tr	O	哎，并且你梦到龙从石蛋里孵化出来。
tr	I	She bumped into the laptop and the envelope with the photos dropped to the floor unnoticed .
tr	I	Any skin left exposed quickly turned red and the sun was fierce .
tr	O	尖叫声比我预想的更快地消失了，并且我尽力保持直线前进。
tr	O	它没有我想象的那么响亮，而且它肯定没有摧毁一切。
tr	O	另一辆豪华轿车停了下来，并且多米尼克从中跳了出来，冲向小朱迪。
tr	I	The food is terrible and no mattress , no pillow , my back is sore .
tr	O	他的父亲问了，并且我怀疑他真实生活中是否也是如此。
tr	I	I finally had one , And eris thought ?
tr	O	我咬了咬舌头，并且我们继续保持沉默。
tr	O	我知道如何领先当局一步，而且我在大多数雇佣兵世界都有人脉。
tr	O	她的手指在空中颤动，并且他轻笑了。
tr	O	我能感觉到有目光在我身上，并且我不喜欢那种感觉。
tr	I	She was extremely grateful for that , and he still wanted her to manage the inn , despite her heritage .
tr	I	Her anger began to seep away , and the hostel seemed deserted as she stalked through the rooms .
tr	O	她是遭受损失最大的人，然而似乎没有人关心她的感受。
tr	I	I continue to stare at the ground , too scared to even breathe and Holder tightens his grip around me .
tr	O	直到我不知道我在哪里结束，他在哪里开始。
tr	O	你已经迷失了方向，并且你还在延续自己的无知。
tr	I	It will not stay in his mind , but he tries to be angry with her .
tr	I	They both ordered lunch , and Victoria accepted water instead of beer .
tr	I	She focused on what was important , but the rogue 's insinuation struck a punch to Della 's nerves .
tr	I	It made me realize something I should 've seen before , and I wasn 't expecting Mrs. Jenkins to be so forthcoming .
tr	O	她有点警惕，但是巴黎并不担心。
tr	I	I wanted to squirm , and he studied my face .
tr	I	She supported two other attorneys full time , and she tracked three phone lines for my father .
tr	I	Aaron snorted , but Nicky beamed .
tr	O	她的嘴角向上扬起，并且她的眼中闪过一丝不屑。
tr	I	She hoped dearly that they 'd accept the offer , but they hadn 't answered by the time she left .
tr	O	她一直对他保守着秘密，并且他现在意识到他也保守着自己的秘密。
tr	I	I was not really sure why , as my head was still full of too many uncertainties , but I could feel myself smiling .
tr	O	麦克斯知道我父母会来找他麻烦，并且他今晚的出现也挑明了这一点。
tr	I	I 'm sobbing too hard and my arms are too weak .
tr	O	他仍然礼貌地看着书架上的一排书，但是我们清楚地看到了他那肌肉发达的后背。
tr	O	时间大约是中午，中部标准时间，并且这一天相当炎热。
tr	I	He groaned and I giggled .
tr	I	He already asked her for help and Leonard was visibly interested in her .
tr	O	那只是一个微笑，但是它不止在一个地方吸引了我的注意。
tr	O	我可能不想和利维扯上关系，但是我不想让他认为我是一个娇生惯养的富家女。
tr	O	这会很棒，但是到了周一，这会让处理起来更加困难。
tr	I	This royal bitch is paired with her and Julienne has a project due too .
tr	O	在其他情况下，我会在一分钟内约她出去，但是有些事情阻碍着我。
tr	O	烟雾正在消散，并且米奇呼吸更轻松了。
tr	I	Again an aperture opened , admitting them into the first cave and once again they reached what appeared to be the blank wall in the underwater cliff .
tr	O	如果是我给自己送花，这并非我选择的香气，但是我欣赏这个姿态。
tr	I	Paintball shots were fired , and the battle officially began .
tr	I	He did not move from his position , but his eyes no longer roamed her body .
tr	O	炽热的投掷物错过了船，并且科尔整齐地落在了里面。
tr	I	All she wanted to do was get him out of it , and Everything just fit him as if it had been made for his body .
tr	I	No sound came out but I tried to ask a question .
tr	O	两名警卫驻守在每个门口外，并且一名在厨房里监视着她。
tr	I	It gave off an impression of extreme age and its workmanship was definitely not of Inuit origin .
tr	I	The souls had died here , and Aden had been born here .
tr	O	特伦特不喜欢那听起来的样子，但是现在已经无法回头了。
tr	I	It was close enough , but it wasn 't exactly true .
tr	I	I 'm sure he got the point , but for the record , I was pretty sure he didn 't know the word hell .
tr	O	他闭上眼睛，并且紧张的纹路从他眉间消退了。
tr	I	She could not reach Houston , but Ross took the opportunity to try to transmit on the computer , continuously brushing ash from the video screen .
tr	I	They 'd said no , but I 'd begged them to add one when I turned thirteen .
tr	O	在过去的六年里，这些女士们已经成为了好朋友，并且巴里·史蒂文斯在纳什维尔的对冲基金是一个重要的账户。
tr	O	他哼了一声，并且她感觉到他僵硬了。
tr	O	我们没有赢得比赛，但是我们表现得好像我们赢了一样。
tr	O	卡布里略对两人无法互相理解感到恼火，并且他将那个本地人推到一边，走上前去接管谈判。
tr	O	爸爸瞪着他，但是他没有把手从我手中移开。
tr	I	I was diverted , but I would have said something in a low voice to Sylvia .
tr	I	I had also been eating like a pig , but I knew that my pants were fitting tighter .
tr	O	一分钟后我再也受不了了，并且我用肩膀猛撞门。
tr	I	I saw her lie back down and she laughed .
tr	I	I look toward it , and my phone dings again .
tr	I	One included hanging the school 's American flag upside down on its pole , and several occurred on campus .
tr	I	Madison had trouble fighting an appreciative smile , but at her first sight of him , Brianna 's expression darkened .
tr	I	A shower improved things further , and I felt a lot better when I got up .
tr	O	行动是必要的，但是他们都拖延了。
tr	O	我知道你并不总是欢迎我的帮助，天哪，任何人的帮助，但是我决定坚持到底。
tr	O	萨凡纳咧嘴一笑说，并且我才恍然大悟自己被耍了。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁着，并且他的目光爱抚着我的身体。
tr	O	亨利努力做到尽可能地小心翼翼，但是他却觉得似乎有所进展。
tr	I	The truck continued on its way , and Brooke rolled up her window .
tr	O	乔状况尚可，但是他正在保存体力。
tr	I	I no longer wanted to kill her , but I didn 't understand what I felt for her .
tr	I	I felt my shoulders slump , and a pair of handcuffs appeared .
tr	O	乔安娜又忍住了一声咯咯的笑声，并且迈克尔困惑地看着我们俩。
tr	I	A few rabbits added to their travel rations and at the first night 's camp their dinner consisted of game birds .
tr	O	我不会让我父亲伤害她，但是如果她能让事情变得容易，我也不必介入。
tr	O	我们在没有透露我们位置的情况下把他们带来了这里，并且我们也可以用同样的方式送他们回去。
tr	I	Asher frowned at me , and my voice was drier than I intended .
tr	O	他和我们一起去喝了可乐，并且我们把我们比赛的一切都告诉了他。
tr	I	He wouldn 't stand for it , and Thane despised public displays like this .
tr	I	It 's bad and this is big .
tr	I	Catherine made a strangled sound , and she gestured with the knife .
tr	I	It was not what he was all about , and he just wasn 't prone to flirtation .
tr	O	她不信任达斯汀，这是肯定的，但是她想——不，她需要出席切尔西的葬礼。
tr	O	布鲁斯问道，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	I	I could hear her breaths coming fast , and she stopped at the water 's edge .
tr	O	真的尽力想把他留在这里，但是过去几年里，这对每个人来说都变得相当清楚了。
tr	O	他的身体很放松，但是担忧在他的眼神中流露出来。
tr	I	She wondered why and a flash of surprise lit his eyes .
tr	I	Then I realized the gift he 'd handed me , but I almost rolled my eyes .
tr	O	那栋带薰衣草色装饰的粉色建筑是城里人津津乐道的话题，而且这并不令人惊讶。
tr	O	杰夫爬到方向盘后面，并且她坐到了他旁边。
tr	O	米哈伊尔的声音听起来平静，甚至可称宁静，然而他看起来能够杀人。
tr	O	他来自尤马，而且你正在轻描淡写。
tr	I	He was too upset to let me look at it , but there was a nasty looking scrape along his head .
tr	O	你看到有一份工作需要完成，并且你做了需要做的事情。
tr	I	She looked wired and she looked resigned .
tr	O	我知道大家都会担心，但是我正在采取预防措施。
tr	O	我能听到詹姆斯在电话里轻声说话，或者我就会打开一些音乐来放松。
tr	I	Colton walked down the hill toward him and he held up a hand in greeting .
tr	O	她的心开始狂跳，并且她下意识地开始咬下唇。
tr	I	For a split second , she forgot to breath and the dimple at the side of his mouth winked .
tr	I	They were restrained at his side , but James tried to move his arms .
tr	I	You can meet lots of people and the university has a great atmosphere .
tr	I	Now her victory tasted hollow , and here was the man responsible for her mate 's death , at her feet .
tr	O	我感觉到与冥界的联系在动摇，但是他才勉强能够抓住。
tr	O	他愤怒地龇牙咧嘴，并且他慵懒优雅的身体也收拢成捕食者的姿态。
tr	O	你们显然有某种联系，并且现在你们有了这个孩子。
tr	O	他妈妈以前进城时就住在那里，但是他目前不和她说话。
tr	O	清理厨房真的很恶心，并且花了很长时间。
tr	O	他穿着一件飘逸的白色长袍，并且他做了一个手势，优雅地挥了挥手。
tr	O	奥隆落地，并且他的剑刺入屋顶。
tr	I	He smiled and I nodded .
tr	I	His face is looking outward , away , but his body is angled towards the door .
tr	I	I appreciate you did what you had to to survive , and to be honest , I appreciate you 've had a different upbringing to mine .
tr	O	她正在对他说些什么，但是他仍然听不清楚。
tr	O	我竭尽所能控制住暴露，并且结果，我差点死了。
tr	O	他的逻辑很好，但是他知道蒂姆可能是对的。
tr	O	妖刀击中，但是他没有感到疼痛。
tr	O	我可以诚实地说我只有四个朋友，而且他们中的两人今天结婚。
tr	O	他是她的创造物，并且她的本能驱使她保护他。
tr	O	这是我的焦虑，并且我需要为我如何处理它负责。
tr	I	My gut tells me something 's definitely off , but none of them raised an alarm anywhere else .
tr	I	It would allow her not to dwell on what had flared between them on the ferry , and her body desperately needed sleep .
tr	O	他的嘴微微张开，并且我感觉我的心跳加速。
tr	I	That infuriating smile curved her soft mouth , and Savannah straightened .
tr	O	天空一片苍白，并且风已经停了。
tr	O	天色仍然很暗，并且他们在大声打鼾。
tr	I	Though it meant he had company , she didn 't feel like coming back later , and another car was parked behind it .
tr	I	He was reluctant to leave , but frustrated that he 'd come up empty , Myles let Allen go on about his business .
tr	I	No crime had been committed , and Sole Pleasure was their horse .
tr	I	There was blood coming from her mouth and I looked down at the building inspector .
tr	I	My thin cotton uniform was failing to shield me from the chill and the weather was getting colder .
tr	I	Hand was squeezing the handle nervously , but arm with the revolver was lowered .
tr	O	他凑近朱莉的耳朵，并且她能感觉到他的呼吸拂过她。
tr	O	它有助于我们的调查，但是它在法庭上不可采纳。
tr	O	那是一段很长的路，并且她有充足的时间去担心他前一晚的提议。
tr	I	She stands abruptly and her hands start fidgeting .
tr	I	I was determined to get over whatever he was keeping from telling me , but it was going to be difficult .
tr	I	I know what she means , but he 's at the theater every day with me .
tr	I	Cade grabbed hold of it before it slammed closed but the weight of my body caused it to fling open .
tr	I	The women wore black lipstick , and they even wore black nail polish .
tr	I	She finally calmed down after time and he was very kind to her .
tr	O	接着瘫痪过去了，并且他又呼吸了。
tr	I	I pressed my finger against my lips once more , pleading with the old man with my eyes and the voice was louder now .
tr	I	Jax groaned in pure pleasure , and each vertebra felt as if it released in turn .
tr	I	She still had friends in the business , but we got kicked out of our apartment .
tr	I	I was just the first stop , and he planned to live somewhere else .
tr	I	God had I missed it , but I 'd avoided all of the rough stuff since she 'd been injured .
tr	O	我向窗外望去，但是他的车已经不在了。
tr	O	谈过之后我对这事有不好的预感，并且我必须去确认。
tr	I	Something rolled away from his hand and he went down .
tr	O	我试图告诉他我不会的，但是他看到了我手中的枪。
tr	O	我喜欢她，而且我爱她。
tr	I	He 'd given everything he had to them and nearly seventy-five thousand people had been in the audience tonight .
tr	I	When he was satisfied , he took his seat next to Theresa , and he waited about a minute , making sure the anchor would hold .
tr	O	她将其视为她文化的一部分，而且这没什么大不了的。
tr	O	潘的脸变白了，而且我从未见过她脸色这么差。
tr	I	She hadn 't reached for him yet , but she didn 't try to pull away .
tr	O	狂风开始呼啸，而且我对即将发生的事有不好的预感。
tr	I	Dark , glassy eyes struggled to focus on him , and eyelashes crusted together with specks of blood broke apart .
tr	I	All fled into the darkness and a panic spread among them .
tr	O	是的，听到它让我很难过，但是他告诉我的事实更重要。
tr	O	那是他以前不了解她的另一件事，并且他很喜欢。
tr	I	It chafed to be forbidden , but I didn 't really want to spend time with him anyway .
tr	I	I pushed it away , but I could feel Megan 's worried gaze .
tr	I	Hearing him admit it rekindled the steam of their raw goodbye , but of course he did .
tr	O	库珀走出浴室，并且她听到一声关门声。
tr	I	It quickly faded , but I laughed .
tr	O	我深爱着她，但是我确实了解她。
tr	I	I had the distinct impression he didn 't care if it had hurt , but he asked .
tr	I	She kissed his cheek , and Levi approached his mother .
tr	I	He still felt the same , hot but it might have been true in theory !
tr	O	瑞克的头开始抽痛，并且他需要另一片药。
tr	I	Then you guys stack ' em up , and I 'll draw the outline for where to put the stones .
tr	I	Nothing would be ever again , and nothing was the same anymore .
tr	O	他想吓唬我，但是我立场坚定，决心证明我的论点。
tr	I	I can 't figure out a way around it and it 's not the most settling feeling .
tr	I	It was all he could do to hop clear of the striking serpent , and the snake attacked .
tr	I	It would get colder as the night wore on , but we could do without a fire .
tr	I	He didn 't think he could do it , but he said he would kill all of them if he could .
tr	O	我们不需要再有任何该死的戏剧性事件了，并且我不惜一切代价想要避免它。
tr	O	她擦掉了我脸上的泪水，并且我一度以为她也要哭了。
tr	O	夜幕降临，并且我们继续奔跑。
tr	I	Ty 's voice stopped him , but he pulled the phone away .
tr	I	He wasn 't there either , but she went to Mark 's house .
tr	I	Evenings are the time for talk , and it 's just that I like to talk .
tr	I	I 'd gotten a taste of what life might be like a few years down the road , but it 'd been longer than I 'd planned .
tr	I	He is sorry and your father overreacted .
tr	I	Cassidy went for one of the wolves , and Shane hit the bear that held Xavier .
tr	O	当丹尼斯等待着自己的手机响起时，片刻过去了，并且手机一响，他立刻就接了。
tr	O	她并非是一位美丽的女神，张开身体等待着他的欢愉。
tr	I	He returned to his own form , and I gestured at the knight I 'd just converted into ambulatory bacon .
tr	O	她平时苍白的脸颊有了一丝血色，并且她正从一个泡沫塑料杯里啜饮着什么。
tr	O	加尔的脸红了，但是他嘟囔着。
tr	O	他的同志们警告说白军离叶卡捷琳堡只有几英里了，但是他向他们保证没有白军会想与他碰面。
tr	I	I raised him back to standing height , and he offered my faded cloth towards me .
tr	O	天不时地下着雨，并且雨水汇聚成水坑。
tr	O	卡罗尔说过她想要个孩子，并且她知道他对此事的看法。
tr	I	I was amazed , and he left me .
tr	O	我闯入了一艘别人的船，并且现在我正悬浮在一具尸体上方。
tr	I	The wildness faded from his eyes , and his claws turned back into regular nails .
tr	I	I won 't get any sleep , or I better not think about her .
tr	I	We only meet on Saturdays , and we keep this a secret .
tr	I	We got out and Dad parked the car .
tr	O	市中心高大明亮的建筑群坐落在我东方，并且宁静的郊区社区则位于我西方。
tr	O	他跪倒在地，并且他的眼睛失去了所有焦点，然后他才倒在了背上。
tr	I	I felt my chest ease up , and she kissed me back , pressing closer .
tr	O	他有时会大声笑出来，并且这种声音让我微笑。
tr	O	他们中没有一个人敢发表评论，但是他们都对他嘲笑。
tr	O	她沉默了，并且米切尔没有再说什么，因为他正在倾听一种特别的声音。
tr	O	裘德不是个傻瓜，但是他的成绩却反映出相反的情况。
tr	O	他讨厌让她冒一分钟的险，但是他无法保证她会立刻回来。
tr	O	康斯坦萨猛踩刹车，并且奔驰车只差几英寸就停住了。
tr	O	我知道他们都在盯着看，但是我习惯了。
tr	I	He noticed Mariana 's father amongst them and three guards took positions outside this cell .
tr	I	The rest of her was frozen stiff , but the tips of Haven 's fingers twitched .
tr	I	He knew why , and she was flummoxed .
tr	O	这个房间实际上不只作为厨房使用，但是它也是船员的起居室。
tr	I	He 's not going to start now , and he hasn 't lied to her before .
tr	O	她注意到另一辆房车那边有更多的动静，而且那个巨大的影子只可能是奥克斯的。
tr	O	阿姆斯特丹史基浦机场和盖特威克机场一样繁忙，但是托马斯对此没了耐心。
tr	O	它一半都是灰尘，而且它仍然有两千步深。
tr	O	驾驶员的车门慢慢打开了，并且一个女人走了出来。
tr	I	She cried out as he hit a spot that sent arcs of pleasure shooting through her , and his fingers tunneled through her folds .
tr	I	The frisson sank even lower , and his gaze ran over her .
tr	O	我知道他在开玩笑，而且我选择不理会它。
tr	O	她已经被踢出了海盗网络，并且她肯定会因为杀了她的实习生而被学院开除。
tr	O	他的左腿断了，并且他的右脸颊苍白，与他深色的肤色形成对比。
tr	I	He kept coming at me and I shot him three times !
tr	O	她扬起了眉毛，并且乔什可以看到她在记忆中徒劳地搜索着。
tr	I	Now my sister is ready , and it 's the only way I know .
tr	O	一只脚触到了底部，并且她便知道上下方向了。
tr	O	我的胃部收紧了，并且我用突然出汗的拳头紧紧抓住手机。
tr	I	He decided to terminate the call , relieved that the decision had been made for him and it rang four times .
tr	O	我的双腿僵硬了，并且我奇怪地僵在原地。
tr	O	鲁本感觉自己像个淘气的学生，但是他自己也不知道他为什么去了。
tr	O	那是一个美好的夏日傍晚，并且她想打扮得漂亮些。
tr	O	我一点也不担心我最喜欢的牛仔裤现在变得非常肥大，而且我最好的朋友们仍然相当不友好的事实。
tr	O	她曾如此努力地保守这个秘密，并且她不希望任何人知道，直到她找到她的哥哥。
tr	O	爸爸又低头看他的菜单，以避免流露情感，并且我也第一次真正地看我的菜单。
tr	O	这令人痛苦不堪，并且他又嚎叫起来。
tr	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且我突然非常庆幸自己已经放下了咖啡。
tr	O	它似乎总是碍手碍脚，但是她不知道还能做什么。
tr	O	雷声变得几乎不间断，并且闪电的噼啪声紧随其后。
tr	O	一小段时间过去了，并且她没有再出现。
tr	I	Now I was leaving and Nash was ignoring him .
tr	I	They faded into the mist , and the swirling haze of magic swelled at their feet .
tr	I	I value my freedom and I travel quite a bit .
tr	I	The rest of us could trip over it and Ben insisted on putting the scratching post in the hall , where George would have immediate access .
tr	I	He seemed to do it willingly , surrendering the battle , and Nolan complied .
tr	I	I 'm letting him win , and I am weak .
tr	I	I think Renee can convince him that Eva is helping Laurel and he trusts Jeff .
tr	I	There 's no time for therapy , and we have miles to go before we sleep .
tr	O	我想起了刀疤，并且内疚感涌上心头。
tr	O	我可以穿过窗户，但是碎玻璃可能会割伤我。
tr	O	传来一阵刺耳的声音，并且屋顶的一块玻璃窗户升了起来。
tr	I	I really don 't care what they taste like , but her lips taste like salt water .
tr	I	His mouth thinned and his brow puckered .
tr	O	蕾娜知道夏洛特可能是对的，并且她为他另外打包了一个三明治以防万一。
tr	O	她短短的金发垂到肩上，并且她平静苍白的脸上没有一丝瑕疵。
tr	I	Her reaction told him something about it scared her , but he knew scientists could be tetchy about their investigations .
tr	O	她假装在泡茶的时候看着玛丽的脸，并且她看见她脸红了。
tr	O	我过去一个小时一直在努力，但是连接太模糊了。
tr	O	我没有生病，也许是因为我的身体无法集中精力，但是我无法阻止我的尖叫声充满房间。
tr	I	The impression was gone , and I blinked a couple of times .
tr	I	Then the heavy gate swung open , and hinges groaned .
tr	O	我做的工作允许我在白天进行社交，并且希望我能建立起能带来解决方案的人脉。
tr	I	It may as well have a spotlight on it , but she tried to cover it with makeup .
tr	O	咒语仍在继续，并且魅魔开始尖叫，抱住了它的头。
tr	I	Her face is covered in blood and she can 't feel her legs .
tr	I	Something didn 't register , but I listened .
tr	I	Yet she felt his touch every time he looked at her and he 'd never even touched her .
tr	O	我还没到绝境，但是这个问题必须处理。
tr	O	我不知道如何，但是它是真的。
tr	I	I specialize in lawsuits involving defective drugs , and I 'm an attorney here in D.C. .
tr	O	面对她的目光几乎用尽了我所有的勇气，但是我强迫自己去做了。
tr	I	He was sure the commanders had a good reason but Mac would admit that it sounded strange that the military wouldn 't let certain soldiers go home .
tr	O	据说他退学了，但是我们有他的地址。
tr	O	我们把马拴在这里，并且我建议让克劳德看守它们。
tr	O	她能理解他们双方，并且这使得事情比她能简单地把金视为一个贱人要难得多。
tr	I	Even though I knew my life was going to change , I was not ready to accept it , and it was a sign of the times .
tr	I	I felt the moment clarity hit him and Understanding lit my father 's gray eyes .
tr	I	She was unable to , but she tried to scream .
tr	I	Yet she didn 't know what the right one would be and she didn 't want to leave him with the wrong impression .
tr	I	When they do , they kill , and they seize the moment .
tr	O	门响了三下，并且我知道是妈妈。
tr	O	约瑟芬努力控制自己的身体，但是她被控制在一段距离之外。
tr	O	她保存了一本记录了她所有与名人的互动经历的剪贴簿，并且光滑的签名大头照贴满了早餐角的墙壁空间。
tr	O	后门处有长长的、黑色的影子，并且刮擦声变得更响了。
tr	I	He held out the pad for me to check it , and I spelled my name for him .
tr	O	他的手机响了，并且他低头看了一眼。
tr	I	He couldn 't believe someone hadn 't snatched it up and sitting on ten acres , it was a true find .
tr	O	我看到杰克的下巴绷紧了，并且在他开口前我就知道答案了。
tr	O	他强迫她进入内心，并且她几乎失去了对心智的屏障。
tr	I	It was not the man who had called the night before to wish her a loving goodnight , but Jake was on the phone .
tr	I	Altair regarded him for a moment , seeing him shrink a little under his gaze , and the leader smirked as he walked in .
tr	O	她感到有只手轻拂过她的手臂，并且温暖的气息拂过她的头发。
tr	O	她笑了，并且她的眼睛因兴奋而闪烁。
tr	I	He wasn 't coming , but she whimpered for Myles .
tr	I	She smiles at him but her face is unsure .
tr	O	她想告诉他佩里会没事的，但是她做不到。
tr	O	我曾想把茶杯扔向他，因为他提醒我第二天还得工作，但是我没有。
tr	I	He held out his hand for mine , and we reached Edward then .
tr	O	伊丽莎白·斯马特在九个月后被找到，并且杰西·杜加德在地狱中幸存了18年。
tr	I	Some even have spotlights placed around the trunks giving the tree a glowing look and some trees are wrapped in white lights .
tr	O	没有了所有战士，宴会变得不那么喧闹了，并且剩下的两名战士选择去巡逻了。
tr	I	In turn , they held him in the highest respect , and Jake looked after his community .
tr	I	He could adapt well , and he was an intelligent man .
tr	O	无所事事的埃莉诺是潜在的灾难，但是今天剩下的时间她将是别人的灾难。
tr	O	这是因为世界正在变化，而且我需要成为其中一部分。
tr	O	我不知道它们是什么意思，并且我根本不在乎。
tr	O	这并非我喜欢的东西，但是他们的能量却有一种感染力。
tr	O	她觉得他们也同样健壮，但是杰克身上却有些不同。
tr	O	今晚他会来，并且我会和他谈谈。
tr	I	Maybe we can work out a deal , but I 'm sure he killed the diplomats .
tr	O	泽维尔很快放开我，并且我翻着白眼从他身边走开。
tr	O	难以抑制的欲望像熔炉般炙烤着我的核心，并且只有他能熄灭我的欲火。
tr	I	It was obvious the man wasn 't concerned , but Tony looked at Brielle with a raised eyebrow .
tr	I	I blinked away a quick tear and my breath caught .
tr	O	那位女士把头探出门外，并且她脸上带着沉思的神情。
tr	O	她的脑部有严重肿胀，并且他们不得不进行手术，在她的头骨上钻孔。
tr	O	她起初反抗，并且渐渐地，他感觉到她的决心随着她靠在他身上而减弱。
tr	I	You never know when they 'll go berserk , and crazies tend not to pay .
tr	O	Ray 喜欢在互联网上做研究，但是他不喜欢将它用作通信设备的想法。
tr	O	他将不得不找个地方躲起来，但是首先他需要进食。
tr	I	Our terminal patients have exhausted all approved experimental treatments and our patients are all considered beyond conventional psychiatric treatment .
tr	O	我不太确定我一直期待的是什么，但是那不是。
tr	I	Pain exploded once again in my shoulder as I landed on my back , and we fell through nothing .
tr	I	She answered as Phyllis once again , and the display showed a number she vaguely recognized .
tr	I	Hadley had been the one that pointed it out the first time , and she never got hit on in public .
tr	I	Suddenly she could see the newspaper on the big screen , and it made a loud noise as it loaded the machine .
tr	O	乔的心情很好，并且他那天晚上痛饮了一番。
tr	O	我一扇又一扇门地探头进去，但是没有疲惫女巫的踪迹。
tr	I	The audience remained quiet , but I wondered if a mini riot would occur at this observation .
tr	I	Strung out on crystal meth and they 're addicted to .
tr	I	She wanted badly to be back at the cabin , and a feeling of dread almost overwhelmed her .
tr	O	我可以使用两面，并且如果实在不行的话，我可以通过划掉旧问题来重复使用它们。
tr	O	老花镜又往她鼻子上滑落了一些，并且她暗自咒骂着将它们重新推回原位。
tr	I	He knew , deep in his bones , that nothing could save the females now , but he remained silent .
tr	O	我会斥责罗布，但是他的注意力在别处。
tr	O	我们分阶段轻松地完成了旅程，并且和家人一起旅行很愉快。
tr	O	这在开始时似乎是超现实的，但是它看起来比生命中任何其他部分都更真实。
tr	I	It was just below her breast , but it was resting on her side .
tr	O	这持续的时间比他预期的要长，并且他感到有点不舒服。
tr	O	她无法想象巴黎为什么会打电话给她，但是她想弄清楚。
tr	O	他的声音很生硬，并且她握紧了听筒。
tr	O	他们从没遇到过任何麻烦，但是他们并不是真正的朋友。
tr	I	As she looked around , she realized everything was different , and she knew she had never been to this place before .
tr	I	Like before , the grenade didn 't actually hurt any of us , but I hit the ground in a roll .
tr	O	他们无法回去，但是这强化了没有人从那条路离开的想法。
tr	O	之后我最好给他一些关于他表现的好消息，否则每次都会是这样。
tr	I	I 'm not hungry , but it 's early afternoon .
tr	O	我有足够的人手顶替，但是我会想念那个孩子。
tr	I	We know how to move through the woods unseen when we want to , but they came close to being spotted a few times .
tr	O	他的脸色恢复了，并且他的眼睛里不再有那种可怕的疼痛带来的混沌。
tr	O	起初她以为他还在胡言乱语，但是他的眼神现在似乎更清醒了。
tr	O	雷耶斯片刻后站了起来，并且两人并肩走出房间。
tr	O	我猛地抽身，厌恶他的触摸和他眼中无情的眼神。
tr	O	她努力吸气，但是太疼了。
tr	O	她在他身边需要控制住自己，或者这将是一个漫长而折磨的夜晚。
tr	I	Clear thinking wasn 't their strong point , but they might be lovely to look at .
tr	I	A couple of wet teardrops splashed in my palm , and I looked helplessly at the hair in my hand .
tr	O	我问她为什么迟到，但是她不理我。
tr	O	走廊里有动静，并且扎拉抬起了头。
tr	O	就问候而言，那很粗鲁，但是那个女人的脸因热情而亮了起来。
tr	I	He just about ground his teeth in fury when she rejected his hand but it was an automatic gesture .
tr	O	她擦了擦眼睛，并且他们又拥抱了。
tr	O	鼠标咔哒一声响了，并且斯图尔特向前倾身直接从屏幕上阅读。
tr	I	Jason was probably thinking they 'd know he was okay and Work could get so tedious .
tr	I	Again , she relents , but Cami eyes me suspiciously .
tr	I	She didn 't even bother to come to the hospital , and Brand could 've died in surgery for all his mother knew .
tr	I	I don 't have any communicable diseases , and I 've never done drugs .
tr	I	His free time was his own , but oh , he had added chores .
tr	I	She shook her head , and Biddy glanced at him with confusion , then understanding crossed her face .
tr	I	Maybe it was the will of the Gods or maybe it was just the way things were .
tr	O	他不爱我，但是他喜欢我在他身边。
tr	I	Taking care of her mother had become her primary focus , but Cheyenne had often thought about getting a pet now that she was older .
tr	I	They did blame humanity for their pain , and if they truly remembered everything their people had suffered over the years , then I was right .
tr	I	Our eyes were locked , and neither of us moved .
tr	O	他不一定总是孤身一人，但是他很可能独自死去。
tr	I	The couple will marry after a whirlwind courtship , and they 'll introduce them two years from now .
tr	I	Then there were the skis , but the clothes were bad enough .
tr	O	她的目光再次与他相遇，并且它们充满了爱，让他感到谦卑。
tr	I	Her jaw is hanging open and Lila 's eyes are magnified .
tr	O	我将永远拥有他，并且他将拥有我。
tr	I	He gasped for breath , and his head broke the surface .
tr	I	I blurt them out and a few things stick .
tr	I	Michael was right , but she hated to admit it .
tr	O	你可以解决所有这些，但是我只需要真相。
tr	O	那些赋予这片土地名字的棕榈树大得不自然，但是那也没能将它们从寒冷中拯救出来。
tr	I	It 's bleeding from past injuries and my heart is right there on my sleeve .
tr	O	你从那些事情中获得巨大的快乐，而且你绝不应该为此感到羞耻。
tr	O	她伸手去捻书里伸出的一小片纸，并且沃利斯准备将它从书页中拉出来。
tr	O	这就像你在洗澡时被巨浪吞噬一样，但是这次是地波。
tr	O	我确实知道他们需要食物，而且没有人回来过。
tr	I	She felt her whole body tighten with fear , and his calloused hands were running along her arms .
tr	O	契约街只存在于我们的记忆中，并且我发现自己对上方静止的云层视而不见。
tr	O	他动了动头，并且他的眼睛慢慢开始睁开。
tr	I	Before he could stop himself , he kissed her there , his firm lips warm against her skin , and his lips were against her forehead .
tr	I	Randy is tending to the few remaining visitors , but my mother is still nowhere to be found .
tr	O	他对我突如其来的靠近显得有点吃惊，但是那也真是无可奈何。
tr	O	大约十英尺开外，他的头从水里冒了出来，并且他取下了他的呼吸器。
tr	I	If she wasn 't careful she would pass out , and already her heart was pounding erratically .
tr	O	钱德勒没有回应，并且他也没有因为那些话而放松。
tr	I	Jack wasn 't certain she really meant it , but she had said that she believed them dead .
tr	O	有时候我的思绪会回到我的十二岁生日，并且我的脑海里充满了各种如果。
tr	O	电池发热了，并且杰克示意大家后退。
tr	O	有人尖叫起来，并且那可能是我们中的任何一个人。
tr	I	I knew he would likely say something next about how Brody wasn 't good enough for his daughter , and Dad looked like he swallowed something sour .
tr	I	We had a meeting planned inside , and my friend Connor is the cook here .
tr	I	He nodded and Mrs. Greenleaf asked .
tr	I	They took no solace in it , but the Twelve shuddered at his bravery .
tr	O	他们独自生活，自从他们的妈妈去世了，并且他们的爸爸离开了。
tr	I	He rolled down his window and I walked up to the driver 's side of the car .
tr	O	柳儿发誓她感到有无形的眼睛盯着她，但是每当她环顾四周时，什么都没有。
tr	I	He crushes us against the side of the building and I pull him against me .
tr	O	我在那之前就对她的精神状况有所保留，而且她的选择只是证实了那些疑虑。
tr	I	The only light in the abandoned warehouse came from her lantern , and it was completely dark outside .
tr	O	赛斯给我一个同情的微笑，但是他的眼里带着怜悯。
tr	I	She didn 't move but he watched her closely for a reaction .
tr	O	德斯特罗的客人们抵达时，他正站在他的私人餐厅的户外阳台上，并且他匆忙回到室内迎接他们。
tr	I	He was still as unmoving as a statue and Chase was at the edge of her vision .
tr	O	大多数是无关紧要的小贵族，但是有几个重要的补充。
tr	I	He didn 't understand , but God bless him .
tr	I	Instead of easing , the ache only grew , but I squeezed my thighs together .
tr	I	She nodded without hesitation , but Victoria 's heart pounded .
tr	O	埃尔德的声音很和蔼，而且他的眼神恳求我理解。
tr	O	我对她来说是个陌生人，但是我现在才意识到，在我们约会的整个过程中，她对我来说也有点像个陌生人。
tr	I	Yet her beauty was evident and she was dressed in rags .
tr	I	Her eyes had been vividly blue , even if for the last time , and not only was she happy , she was thriving .
tr	O	他舀起了一把泥土，而且有什么东西划破了他食指的侧面。
tr	I	It was a face in which any flaw was quickly forgiven , but Lines were etched in his face .
tr	O	自从她遇见他的那一刻起，他一直都很完美，并且他不应该因为她而承受持续的痛苦。
tr	I	It let out a dreadful moan and the zombie 's face contorted grotesquely .
tr	O	他对我露出了歪嘴一笑，并且我回想起了罗斯说过的话。
tr	O	她有一个群体，并且她会保护它们。
tr	I	The cotton cloak to shield the cold and he wore the same clothes as me .
tr	O	带着金斑点的淡褐色眼睛在午后阳光下闪烁，并且笑纹环绕着一张性感的嘴。
tr	I	I looked away , and Kellan watched me intently , too intently .
tr	O	内尔告诉自己那就是她颤抖的原因，但是她没有被说服。
tr	I	We 're starting to draw attention , and it 's becoming clear we are unequivocally lost .
tr	I	I followed suit , and Gem put her gloves on .
tr	O	伊芙不能明确指出是什么，但是她似乎对危险的生活上瘾了。
tr	I	She shivered again , and that thought scared her as much as the attack had done .
tr	I	I don 't want to go to hers and I don 't want her in my house .
tr	O	他们换了锁，并且那有点让我担心。
tr	I	The more time passed since the breakup , the less likely that seemed , but I 'd said the words .
tr	O	他转过头来严肃地盯着我，并且我点头回应。
tr	O	我意识到我一直在盯着看，但是在我舒适、自在、无拘无束的状态下，我并没有感到特别尴尬。
tr	I	He had the brains to go with his muscle , and he was the toughest cop on the force .
tr	O	里面模糊的形状跳了一下，并且门裂开了一条缝。
tr	I	She looked at me with round , dark eyes , and I took a step back .
tr	I	It was an afternoon shift , but I had to work today .
tr	I	The comforter at least covered the sheet , but Evan 's bed wasn 't neatly made .
tr	I	He grabbed her wrist , but she went past him .
tr	I	Under the light , I saw everything , but she had the most infuriating poker face .
tr	O	科尔把它们从我腿上剥了下来，并且我把它们踢到了一边。
tr	O	只有少数人还醒着，并且在那少数人中，只有一个我能真正交谈的人。
tr	O	天气变得非常寒冷，但是阿拉的厨房却暖和宜人。
tr	I	He nodded , but Eli seemed dubious .
tr	O	我今年夏天想要他，并且他却得不到。
tr	O	他很普通，并且你不是。
tr	I	It was impossible to tell , but there may have been a hint of warning there .
tr	I	At last the Assassin was a Master Assassin once more and he had restored Altair 's full status .
tr	I	The tree was nearly hidden by gifts and several dozen presents also arrived for everyone .
tr	I	You don 't want anything else and you eat them almost mindlessly .
tr	O	学生们用魔法把铅笔从地板上捡起来，并且老师们用它来关上开着的门。
tr	O	如果她那样做，她会厌恶他，并且那是他绝不希望发生的事情。
tr	O	我仍然在想我是否在他关于拉萨尔的谈话中越界了，但是显然事情回到了正轨。
tr	O	珍妮仍然骑在马特身上，并且几乎流口水在他身上。
tr	O	他金色的眼睛在月光下闪烁着，并且我直视着他。
tr	O	我平静了下来，并且幻觉再也没有回来。
tr	I	Any distraction was better than none , but as distractions went , it was pretty lame .
tr	I	Liz bowed politely as they passed and Mrs. Perkins was peeking through her door .
tr	O	我试图让那些话语说出来，但是它们就是无法在我的唇边成形。
tr	O	她爬下了沙井，并且他跟着。
tr	I	You , you were different , but I 'm surrounded by fake people who only want my money every moment of every day .
tr	O	爸爸拉开了抽屉，并且我们都看了看。
tr	I	His stomach was thankful all the same but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	A military man walks in and the door behind us opens .
tr	O	最终她做到了，但是是她的话语，而非她的行动，把他推开了。
tr	I	She shook her head and he wiggled his eyebrows at her .
tr	I	You could pretty much hear a pen drop , but a few people were chatting quietly in there .
tr	I	A blush came to Lisa 's cheeks , and all the company repeated the salute .
tr	O	她曾试图说服他，触及他本善的一面，但是显然，那个人并没有那样的一面。
tr	O	我甚至有图表，但是它们并没有多大帮助。
tr	O	我越是研究它，就越是了解它，并且我最终也喜欢上了它。
tr	O	我根本不知道那是什么，但是我也不打算浪费口舌去问。
tr	O	她深色的头发总是像海报女郎一样造型，并且她从不缺少鲜艳的红唇。
tr	O	我被囚禁了，因为我当时相信这一点，并且我今天依然相信它。
tr	I	I saw her pulling on a pair of shorts and Lucky 's singing woke me up .
tr	I	I couldn 't let it go , but I knew it was too late .
tr	I	Her body certainly wasn 't , but her mind was conflicted .
tr	I	He let out a long , slow sigh and his head fall forward .
tr	O	他匆忙脱衣，或者他只是开始那样做。
tr	I	I could still feel it burning a hole in my temple , but I squeezed my eyes shut to avoid the horror in his .
tr	O	汉娜成了她女儿的女仆，并且两人变得亲近起来。
tr	O	她看起来很好，但是她的胃感觉不舒服。
tr	I	He drank greedily , nearly inhaling the cool water , and the rim of a goblet pressed to his lips .
tr	I	Grace felt her heart beat faster again , a sick feeling settled in her tummy , and Nana frowned .
tr	I	We turned to head toward the schoolhouse and I ran a hand down his arm .
tr	I	The Immortal went down in a sprawl , and Bernard shot him through the thigh , breaking the bone that supported it .
tr	I	I continued and he nodded .
tr	I	No one followed , but they waited , panting , watching the damaged building .
tr	O	她绊了一跤，手掌在崎岖的岩石表面上擦破了，并且接着又跑了起来。
tr	O	房间里的紧张气氛令人难以忍受，但是等待更糟。
tr	O	他想要的远不止这些，并且他必须想办法实现。
tr	O	我很确定除了我之外所有人都已经知道那个信息了。
tr	I	It would be unwise to unleash him so early in the evening , but Larry would know .
tr	I	The best was they 'd strip us of our rank as protectors , and worst possible scenario was that they 'd probably kill us .
tr	I	I nodded approval and he motioned to the bartender for another .
tr	I	Everyone knows it and Emily 's his .
tr	O	一道黑色的眉毛略微上扬，并且一抹淡淡的、干涩的笑容浮现在他唇边。
tr	O	我能感觉到她在看着我，但是她太耀眼了，我无法久视她。
tr	I	Darius smoothly nodded , but Stacy was mortified .
tr	I	Her eyes flew up to his , and her hands went to the injury .
tr	O	有些痛处，那大概是瘀伤，但是也就这样了。
tr	I	There had to be flaws hidden somewhere deep inside , but his pseudo personality was incredibly sexy .
tr	O	它在我的胃里不安地蠕动着，并且我抽泣着，努力不去想象我刚吃的东西。
tr	I	Joy knew she hadn 't fooled him , but eventually he left .
tr	I	I narrowed my eyes , and a car pulled up .
tr	O	她的笑声消失了，并且她的笑容也摇晃了。
tr	I	Malcolm shoves the shell into my hands and the test light on the DG turns green .
tr	O	我正要去在显示器前挥舞手臂，并且凯莉的小手飞了起来，把它按了下去。
tr	I	It felt like she hadn 't seen her home in a very long time , but she had not been playing for long .
tr	O	洛里仍然站在门口，并且瑞安正指着她。
tr	I	You had choices still , but you might have had some bad breaks .
tr	O	她的所有发现都基于一个受试者，而且它们是错误的。
tr	O	感觉太好了，并且那让他警惕起来。
tr	O	她递给我杯子，并且我大口喝了一口。
tr	O	他吓了我一跳，并且我抬起了头。
tr	O	他救了我的命，并且我为此欠他的。
tr	I	I was no longer alone , and it really was my daughter .
tr	O	有一次，我在后视镜里捕捉到一道车灯的亮光，但是它们已经远远落在我的后面。
tr	I	He couldn 't pull himself away , but he meant for it to be a brief embrace .
tr	I	Elijah cut him off , but Rick opened his mouth to object .
tr	I	That would be done and a few more phone calls .
tr	O	喇叭声大作，并且下方人行道上传来了人声。
tr	I	His face was unassuming even as he looked upon their suspicious visitor , and nevertheless he had gentle blue eyes .
tr	I	A space half a meter across appeared in front of him and ten minutes later , the stone in front of him fell free .
tr	I	There didn 't appear to be one , but he was looking for a safety catch .
tr	O	那是一次迟滞的犯规，但是却没有扔出任何罚旗。
tr	O	他的目光落在了她的嘴上，并且他看到她的嘴唇是红色的。
tr	O	念诵了祷告文，并且一个年轻女孩走上前，朗读一篇关于自由的段落。
tr	O	我抬起手覆上她的手，并且我们就那样站在寒风中。
tr	O	接着有人将一个锡杯热汤塞进她的手里，并且她以最快的速度将它一饮而尽，以免烫伤自己。
tr	O	凯文似乎很难向萨曼莎告别，但是她却显得无动于衷。
tr	O	我们在一起，并且我们很亲密。
tr	O	她不希望他醒着，但是她无法忍受他所沉浸的这种悲伤。
tr	I	He 'd made her relax and she 'd laughed with him .
tr	I	In the light , he would see it , and a hot flush washed into her cheeks .
tr	I	I held my tongue but I wanted to ask .
tr	O	我的眼皮很沉，而且我真的累了。
tr	I	Anyone else , or she wouldn 't let him .
tr	I	Now she has to wheel herself around , and she walked every day of her life ?
tr	I	Lenny felt feint and the stress was mounting .
tr	O	这是一个未知号码，但是自从艾瑞丝之后，我总是接听，无论如何，尽管从来都不是她。
tr	I	She 's hitched her leg over mine and her hair is hanging in her face .
tr	I	She felt herself coming apart as his hand slid down to the top button on her jeans , and his lips parted hers .
tr	I	I tried to dial it back , and I focused on the heat , the urgency of the flames .
tr	I	I do not feel any additional pain , but someone gasps as the crunching of bones echoes off the trees .
tr	I	He could already feel stiffness in the joint , but Everything seemed to work properly .
tr	O	他对萨姆很严厉，并且萨姆对他也很严厉。
tr	O	随着他靠近，呻吟声变得更强了，并且他往里看了一眼，被他所看到的一切吓了一跳。
tr	I	I realized I was standing on a red , velvet carpet , and then everybody moved from our path .
tr	I	He stared at them puzzled and their unexpected visit surprised the boy .
tr	O	他一直想要你的能力，但是他无法接近你。
tr	I	He forced himself to rise , but his body was still tired .
tr	O	她身上发生的事情太悲惨了，并且我希望她没有受苦。
tr	I	My stomach warmed at his teasing , and my cheeks burned .
tr	O	她一直都能控制自己的梦境，但是最近，现实却渗透进来了太多。
tr	I	Mary realized just how shocking this news must be for him , and Robert 's eyes widened .
tr	O	走廊尽头是另一扇门，并且文斯让我自己输入密码。
tr	O	有几个人在学滑板，并且他们看起来玩得很开心。
tr	I	He would have been carried to the hospital , or he would have talked .
tr	I	She felt so small and he was so large .
tr	O	他买了一个程序，并且他们一起计分。
tr	I	That was it , but sure , his nose had bled .
tr	O	他喜欢她用手紧握着他，但是进入她身体的感觉好十倍。
tr	I	The sinking moon was shining brightly and the sky now was quickly clearing .
tr	O	才周二，并且他告诉我他可能要忙到周五。
tr	O	我把它们种得到处都是，并且院子里五彩缤纷。
tr	O	他转动了那个坑坑洼洼的旧黄铜门把手，并且它因自身重量吱呀一声开了。
tr	O	我挣扎着反抗她，但是这毫无用处。
tr	I	I didn 't like blood , but well , I liked hunting right fair .
tr	I	Only two of them knew who he was , and in fact only a handful of directors knew of your father .
tr	O	更多的墙被砌好了，但是地面却同样杂乱。
tr	O	凯茜那“借来”的嘴停止了说话，并且她那“借来”的眼睛开始扫视四周。
tr	O	上次我没能做到，但是这次我会做到。
tr	O	就在海登将设备固定到位时，人群中一片寂静，并且丽兹因期待而用力咬住下唇。
tr	O	起初这只是一个足够简单的想法，但是接着更糟糕的想法随之而来。
tr	O	他称他们为我的兄弟，但是他们不是我的兄弟。
tr	O	我从远处见过她很多次，但是这是我第一次触摸她。
tr	O	塞缪尔又冲我大喊让我趴下，并且这次我没有忽视他。
tr	O	不愿表露他的怀疑，亚伯点了点头，并且他们三个人回到了航站楼。
tr	O	他曾奉兰德的紧急命令匆忙集结了一支军队，并且兰德随后强迫他数周无所事事。
tr	O	铠甲包裹着他，像焦油一样黑暗，但是与光亮的焦油不同，它吞噬了月光。
tr	O	他摇了摇头，并且我们再次对峙。
tr	O	她不能和他们一起生活，但是她也不确定没有他们她是否能生活。
tr	O	水很浑浊，并且海草很茂密。
tr	I	He could be a very good leader if he was given a small team , but he might have been a bit of an anarchist at heart .
tr	O	太郎等到他的心率恢复正常并且他的汗水开始变干。
tr	O	厚重的黑色地毯铺满了地板，并且红色的帷幔挂在墙上。
tr	O	她古铜色的卷发垂过肩膀，并且她的鼻子上布满了同色的雀斑。
tr	O	她渴望他，但是她确信这对他身边的女人来说是常态。
tr	O	浴室门开了并且艾登挤满了门廊。
tr	I	He took a steadying breath , and his eyes twitched with pain .
tr	I	He repeated the same message , and Sally 's phone went straight to her answering machine .
tr	I	There was no sound but it began to play .
tr	I	It certainly felt like it , but there was no one there .
tr	O	敏迪在回校园的路上给父母打了电话，并且他们将在早上乘飞机到这里。
tr	I	Love works in mysterious ways , but I 'd have thought it would be more insect than reptile .
tr	O	阿特拉斯耐心地叼着那根湿的、磨损的绳子并且卡德尔斯在发狂地试图把它撕碎。
tr	O	我是人类并且我现在饥肠辘辘。
tr	I	I felt my heart drop and a look of sadness crept across her face .
tr	O	那时囚犯变少了，并且工作人员有点紧张。
tr	O	科学家艰难地咽了咽口水，并且他的目光重新聚焦在杰克逊身上。
tr	I	Some of that curiosity had rubbed off on Gretchen , and A find like this would be of great interest to her mother .
tr	I	Knowing his wife would argue with him , and he inquired , cringing the moment he spoke .
tr	O	当然，那不一定能帮我找到隧道，但是它也无妨。
tr	O	我再次呼救了，但是声音淹没在火焰的咆哮声中。
tr	I	She couldn 't make him fit as Addie 's brother , even a half one she didn 't know about , but Ellie sized up Budda .
tr	O	我能感觉到一股压力在我身体深处积聚，并且我将他的头拉回到我面前。
tr	I	He would 've been suspicious , or keep in mind , now , she must have been drinking along with Avery .
tr	I	It wasn 't accompanied by any sound , but he 'd thought he 'd seen something moving .
tr	I	I didn 't mind but Cherrie frowned at me .
tr	O	他对此不买账，但是我没有太多选择。
tr	O	那是一个相当大的公园，而且太阳落山后你很容易迷失方向。
tr	O	噢，他足够在乎她，愿意和她上床，并且斯隆绝不会让他求着发生关系。
tr	I	An image of Declan flashes through my mind , but I can 't keep the disdain out of my voice .
tr	O	我需要重新开始去健身房了，并且我们可以一起去。
tr	O	他们会来，或者他们不会来。
tr	I	There to knock off the nerves of his job and just sipping from the cup here .
tr	I	I felt no fatigue , but it had to be a good mile across that plateau on foot .
tr	O	我的双腿之间有一阵刺痛，但是那并不是因为我对他的热情。
tr	O	如果你不保护你的弟弟，他们就会把他从你身边带走，并且他需要你。
tr	I	The plane started to roll and the nose dug deep into the ground as the body turned sideways .
tr	I	She savored the feeling of dancing in his arms and he was the first true gentleman she 'd ever met .
tr	I	Eventually he has to figure out a way to pay it off , and he owes a lot of money .
tr	O	双脚触地了，并且赛琳娜睁开了眼睛。
tr	I	We 're trying to spread the word , but it 's a bit of short notice .
tr	I	No one had ever stuck around long , but his father had dated in the past .
tr	I	He was still shivering , but it helped a little .
tr	O	我在一个光线昏暗的蓝色房间里，并且我疼得想哭。
tr	O	仿佛我们彼此渴望着，他的嘴唇贴上我的，并且他把我抵在门上，关上了门。
tr	I	Then maybe he was a good actor , but I didn 't see any hesitation .
tr	O	我独自做这件事已经快两年了，并且孤独感开始让我吃不消了。
tr	O	他的咳嗽发作又开始了，并且他们俩都在等着它过去。
tr	O	他认为自己拥有一件大人物都渴望的奖品，而且他需要置身于事态的中心。
tr	O	汤姆的眼睛扫向左边，并且他发现麦克正专注地盯着他。
tr	O	她偷偷地看了我一眼，而且我发誓她当时脸红了。
tr	I	Trick looks over at me and I turn in my seat .
tr	O	他的眼睛猛地看向她，但是他没有动。
tr	O	我们接着谈论了城堡的攻陷，并且我问他是怎么发生的。
tr	O	我认为他要把我带离这个地方，但是我无法集中注意力。
tr	I	His palms ached where they touched , and her skin was smooth under his hands , enticing .
tr	O	他会在模仿他人这门艺术上接受一生的训练，并且他可能已经计划他的潜入很久了。
tr	O	他跌倒了，并且我跑。
tr	O	她用失明的白眼睛回望着他，但是她的失明很不寻常。
tr	I	It was well on toward full darkness now , and it had been sundown when they made port .
tr	O	我的手捂着我的嘴，并且我不知道是谁把它们放在那里的。
tr	O	安娜的眼睛睁大了，并且她转向凯尔。
tr	O	我想要他更多，并且我有一种预感，我会一直这样。
tr	I	Like most students I had little money for automotive maintenance and I was driving a 1965 Volkswagen Bug at the time .
tr	I	He didn 't know where to go , but everything inside him screamed for him to go to her .
tr	O	它同样可怕，但是这个是相反的。
tr	O	克拉拉猛烈地摇着头，并且我知道我们想法一致。
tr	I	He knew it would be ruined if he spoke , and they were sharing a moment .
tr	O	我最近一直在和朱尔斯……茱莉亚聊天，并且她很胆怯。
tr	O	我知道忽略那辆车是徒劳的，但是我不想看那个窗户。
tr	I	They 'd get suspicious or I needed an excuse to be here .
tr	I	Her belly dipped and his voice rumbled through the receiver .
tr	O	这些话是精心排练过的，并且这份努力值得肯定。
tr	O	凯西努力相信他的话，但是她无法将马修幻象中那可怕的景象从脑海中抹去。
tr	I	It felt like I had accidental y walked into a door instead of the ful power of a Hybrid pounding into my jaw , but it stung .
tr	I	They mumbled their agreement , and I gave them all a hard look .
tr	O	他能看到他们的经理帕特正走过来，并且他不想和那个人说话。
tr	I	His gospel is peace and his law is love .
tr	O	门铃片刻后响起，并且泰勒转身去开门。
tr	I	When the words registered , she frowned , but the words were so low that Sabine barely caught his murmur .
tr	I	I still hear of the rumors that pass through the town , but I may have been confined to these woods for many years .
tr	O	他把头伸出窗帘，并且她以为迈克回来了。
tr	O	他先退到洗手间，并且几分钟后我加入了他。
tr	I	That way lay pain , but Misty swam toward consciousness .
tr	O	那不祥的声音沿着雪地向我蔓延，并且我僵住了，想知道它来自何方。
tr	O	他侧过身，并且丹尼尔听起来他像是在嘟囔。
tr	O	今晚我看到了那个孩子，并且他的名字是卡利班王子。
tr	O	霍莉在那里，并且她吓坏了。
tr	O	我们憎恨眼前展开的景象，但是我们都知道它会发生。
tr	I	There was no reply , but the brothers began calling out for Billy , their voices desperate , panic-stricken .
tr	O	我是凡人，并且我知道。
tr	O	在她死后解除合同对她来说毫无损失，然而她却拒绝了。
tr	O	他看起来很愤怒，并且那愤怒看起来是冲着我来的。
tr	O	妈妈烤焦了火鸡，并且爸爸把一个酒杯扔向了她。
tr	O	他们看到了你试图隐藏的东西，但是至少他们对此保持了沉默。
tr	I	She felt his hands , but Everything was pitch black .
tr	O	她把耳朵贴在门上，希望能听到声音，但是大楼里一片寂静。
tr	I	The subjects were easily identifiable , but it was a little grainy .
tr	I	His face was pale and his eyes were bloodshot .
tr	O	它刚好擦过梅雷迪思拱形颈部的底部，而且它的下部树枝从邦妮娇小的身体上方掠过。
tr	I	We have to be clear of here by daylight , and he 's blocking our way out of this area .
tr	I	They wouldn 't let her see a doctor and the piece of glass was too deep to pull out .
tr	I	I just couldn 't help myself , but it was a cruel thing to say .
tr	I	His eyes were wide , but his face was normal .
tr	O	我轻轻地扫，所以我不会发出太大噪音，否则我就会有麻烦。
tr	O	她抵达时街道几乎空无一人，而且她确信很少有人看到她离开。
tr	I	I called him to surprise you for lunch and Jimmy is right behind you at all times .
tr	I	Toni is very strong , but usually under hypnosis you can get through to them .
tr	O	我不了解你，但是我能想象那样的经历会击垮一个不如你的女人。
tr	O	当他们这样做时，我的心停止了跳动，而且我的身体不受控制地僵硬了。
tr	I	Her appetite had returned in full force and Dianna was the most grateful for dry land again .
tr	O	这意味着无辜的人身陷囹圄，而且真正的罪犯逍遥法外。
tr	I	I don 't know why but Reagan is obviously lying .
tr	I	Conrad set the phone aside , and the call disconnected .
tr	O	王子笑了，并且仆人们放了她。
tr	I	The laughing spread like a contagious sickness , and the clapping turned to laughing .
tr	I	It 's intimidating in a way , and I 've never seen her act this feminine .
tr	I	The end is not even pointy and the end of it is too thick to fit inside the handcuff lock .
tr	I	It was so frightening , but she knew what she should do .
tr	O	他的手臂环住了她，并且他的手托住了她的手腕。
tr	O	当他看起来困惑时，我做了一个轻微的捏掐动作，并且他痛得缩了一下，仿佛他的下部再次感受到了她的关注。
tr	I	They scattered throughout the arena , taking positions they thought would be most strategic , and there were about thirty male recruits .
tr	O	我们那样跑了几英里，直到小径变窄了，并且我们被迫单行跑。
tr	I	It 's your body , and you 're a human being .
tr	I	He realized where he wasn 't and his eyes adjusted to the flickering fluorescent lighting .
tr	O	区域开始慢慢变热，但是那只狗似乎并不介意。
tr	O	他后退一步挣脱了她，并且一丝微笑浮现在他的唇边。
tr	I	He pressed her back in place , but she tensed as if to jump out of her seat .
tr	I	Caroline practically snatched the prescription out of Dawson 's hand , and Dawson was wondering how the medicine was to be fetched .
tr	O	他相信连墙都有耳朵，并且桥下流淌的水也能沟通。
tr	I	There he was , playing an upright as bold as brass and Brad ran into the house .
tr	O	这三个人扮演着商人的角色，但是不知何故他们对他来说并非如此。
tr	I	The attempt only caused spasms of pain to go through my throat but I tried to chuckle .
tr	I	I pointed the blade at him , and he opened his mouth to speak .
tr	I	I didn 't want her to spoil my good mood and I really wasn 't in the mood for an argument .
tr	O	并不是鹅卵石有时不会在空中飞舞，但是通常是有人扔的。
tr	I	They had fought against each other and they had gone to war together .
tr	O	他们的饮料来了，并且他们都一口气喝下了半杯。
tr	I	He needed all of his powers to face the challenge of keeping Sunshine safe and he had too many things to do .
tr	O	歌曲结束了，并且我们停止了跳舞。
tr	I	I was not going to get my hopes built on false dreams but I liked Asher a lot .
tr	O	我告诉了护士，并且她们报了警。
tr	O	他轻笑了，并且我差点放松下来。
tr	O	床湿透了，并且被子凌乱地堆在地板上。
tr	I	Toby could not crack it and the ice was too thick .
tr	I	I made myself study the flowers that much closer , but my heart started to pound with excitement .
tr	O	它是用透明塑料做的，并且它比雨还冷。
tr	I	He pulled her hand away , but she reached down to cup him .
tr	O	多年来我们在这种情况下见过很多次，但是这次我将永远记作我最喜欢的一次。
tr	O	杜克点了点头，并且我们一路默默地开车。
tr	I	I 'll make you stay this time , and I 'll search until I find you .
tr	O	另一个男孩举起手，并且我们听到一声像大风一样的响声。
tr	I	I wondered if she was trying to tease me and her other foot nudged closer to my crotch .
tr	O	他的下巴上有一根血管在跳动，并且他看起来像在咬牙切齿。
tr	I	I hate that my mind is lingering on that instead of trying to improve my fighting skills and his cheek feels warm against mine .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but maybe it made her shallow .
tr	O	他在学校没有很努力地学英语，但是他把它当作爱好坚持了下来。
tr	I	Sophia didn 't feel the need to join them , but most of the other girls were forming similar clusters .
tr	I	They went back to the army boat parked inside the boat house and the rock wall closed behind them .
tr	O	我试图把她从我身上翻开，但是她用惊人的大腿把我固定住。
tr	I	Suddenly it was filled with people , and Cold wind blasted through the cave .
tr	O	他已经接受了来世会找到她的事实，并且他正在履行他对他的人民尽最后职责的决心。
tr	I	He was happy , and she was pregnant .
tr	O	我的《鲨鱼跋涉》渔夫帽早已不见，并且我只穿着一只鞋。
tr	O	作为交换，他们的税收收入猛增，并且军队的研究得到了快速提升。
tr	O	在凡人中，鲜有人比我更了解兽人，并且我并非出于选择才以这种方式追捕它们。
tr	O	她怒视着加勒特，而且他也同样怒目回视。
tr	I	She loved Italy , too , but Home represented so much to her , much more than she 'd realized .
tr	O	他们从每个订单中拿走了一些物品，并且我不认为我们很多客户已经注意到了。
tr	O	她的动作把罗姆从他的迷茫中惊醒，并且他伸出手去抓她的手。
tr	I	She felt completely out of control and her heart was beating in her ears .
tr	O	我知道会有后果，然而我还是做了。
tr	I	The woman changed instead , her hawkish gaze softening , but I murmured , expecting Cole 's exterior to change too .
tr	I	Someone sure didn 't like us , and someone sure knew where we were .
tr	O	另一位女性的善意在“信赖号”上一直是缺乏的，并且现在基拉感到她的一些孤独感减轻了。
tr	I	The body was riddled with bullet holes , and there was very little glass left in the windows .
tr	O	她不知道杰克是如何感知那些闪烁发光的波状光线的，但是她立刻感受到了模式的变化。
tr	O	传来挣扎翻腾的声音，但是杰森没有留下来看发生了什么。
tr	I	Father Alberto merely smiled , but Carmine was half expecting to be kicked out .
tr	O	那个男人提来了一篮食物，并且那个生物很饿。
tr	I	It was draped over something , someone I couldn 't see , and there was a man lying on the ground , his body limp .
tr	I	There were swords bolted at their hips , and they were all dressed in chain mail !
tr	O	我蜷成一团，顾不上自己仍然赤裸，并且我发出一声哽咽。
tr	I	I reached out until I felt Jax 's arm , and I heard the sound of a hand touching the fabric of the waiter 's shoulder .
tr	O	我的举止不太得体，但是被电了一下之后，我并不特别在意。
tr	O	他的眼睛，通常充满自信，被疑虑所笼罩，并且我意识到他和我一样害怕。
tr	O	她晒黑了一点，并且塔米才想起他们为什么没有说话。
tr	I	Katie was quick to believe that Greyson was the evil one , yet we still didn 't even know what was going on .
tr	O	我的身体站起来跟着霍尔德，但是我把心留在了桌边。
tr	I	We passed through and the gate opened .
tr	I	She said nothing but she could see the desire in those eyes that bored into her .
tr	O	我给了他一个安慰的拥抱，并且他的表情稍稍好转，然后我去了厨房拿我的砂锅。
tr	I	She was taking a big chance that no one would see her and it was only lunchtime .
tr	I	The room was damp , musty , the floor almost wet but she wanted to take the letters out to read them straightaway .
tr	I	The world spun round him and the Prince looked up sharply .
tr	O	一天还没过半，而且她就急需一杯酒。
tr	I	What could you expect with his family , but Ned grimaced at the irony ?
tr	I	He was looking the way they came , as if hoping to see the rest of their group , but he nodded absently .
tr	O	葛瑞丝为数不多的几次那样做都是偶然的，但是她仍然感受到了帕特训斥的刺痛。
tr	O	她转过身，并且她围巾的流苏打到了我的脸颊。
tr	O	我听不到他们的颂歌，但是我感受到了黑暗能量在墙壁中卷曲，扭曲着曾经美好的事物。
tr	O	他们有昆虫的脑子，并且像昆虫一样他们总是会回来。
tr	I	Then a class that evening and I had a shift at the nursing home .
tr	I	I still needed to know , but I didn 't care what they did .
tr	I	You 're not going to lay anymore on me , but I can take a little guilt !
tr	O	我不确定为什么，并且显然他的记忆在这件事上有些模糊。
tr	O	我们的力量在我们周围形成了一个几乎可以感知的能量场，并且我沉浸在他之中。
tr	I	He stroked my hair , and I clung to him , glad that he was here .
tr	O	他那时安静了下来，并且我等待着指示。
tr	O	然后疼痛消失了，并且他的手保持不动。
tr	O	她多了几道皱纹，但是她一点都没变。
tr	O	她差点就说了，但是那又有什么意义呢？
tr	O	那是一面小小的盾牌，但是那是她所有的一切。
tr	O	他的拳头攥紧了，并且他的下巴紧绷了。
tr	I	Everyone else followed her back to the classroom and she stood up first .
tr	O	有时他的手会伸过来握住我的手，并且他会捏紧它来让我安心。
tr	I	No bruised was left and the wound was healed .
tr	O	我现在没有看到任何证据，并且他一直在铁匠铺里长时间工作。
tr	I	The pieces fit , but I knew that wasn 't the entire story .
tr	O	他曾指出萨布丽娜完全可以做得很好，但是她仍然坚持不懈。
tr	I	I found myself overwhelmed by confusion and a collective gasp rippled through the crowd .
tr	O	她非常想和他在一起，但是她还没有准备好迈出那一步。
tr	I	His heart pounded and his blood sang .
tr	I	She looked away , and something flickered in her eyes .
tr	I	Matthew suddenly recognized him and he was the fishy riot leader with a musket .
tr	I	Shannon couldn 't tear her gaze from Julian 's face , but he walked over to the table to show them off .
tr	I	He should be in St. Louis by now , but I haven 't heard from him yet .
tr	I	Now Nuala was letting me down , and we had roles that we played when we were around each other .
tr	I	She could not wait to share it and the answer was so clear to her .
tr	I	A flash of pain darkened his eyes , confirming it , and his jaw flexed as if he was gritting his teeth .
tr	O	他们的腿缠绕在一起，然而这还不够。
tr	O	她笑了，并且我意识到她正在和我调情。
tr	O	我的衣柜里有很多我喜欢的东西，但是我的秘密监视服装是迄今为止我最喜欢的。
tr	I	It would do the job well , but it was too big for her .
tr	I	No one could save Lupe , and I couldn 't save Giselle alone .
tr	I	A few regarded her with obvious malevolence , but some of the occupants appeared merely curious .
tr	I	That 's saying something , and I feel about as uncomfortable as I 've ever felt in my life .
tr	I	She was his mother but he had no affection for his mother .
tr	I	I sat up again after a moment , and that train of thought led to another .
tr	I	She caught herself licking them before pulling the lower portion in for a bite , and Cole 's eyes drifted to her lips .
tr	I	I realize he is speaking of David , but Nicholas looks to Andrew .
tr	O	那些绿色的眼睛变暗了，并且她的目光危险地恶毒。
tr	O	他是你的守卫，不是医院的员工，并且他会确保我们缺席时你的安全。
tr	I	She wasn 't complaining , but somebody had hit her pretty hard .
tr	O	他们仍然以为我喝醉了，并且我带来的唯一伤害只会是对我自己。
tr	O	我本来会请你旁听的，但是这些人对隐私很敏感。
tr	I	He 'd make her his and he would take her to bed tonight .
tr	O	他瘫倒在围栏里，并且小狗们立刻跳到他身上。
tr	I	I got an inkling John might 've had the same notion , and I felt like Fred needed people standing close to him right then .
tr	O	我们又开始吃了，并且过了一分钟，我笑了。
tr	I	I was going to live it the way I wanted and this was my life .
tr	O	他的声音很轻，但是它清晰地传到了我的耳朵里。
tr	O	他非常有钱，并且只想陪我直到沃伦到来。
tr	I	Yet he 'd stopped and he wanted her as much as she 'd wanted him .
tr	I	I stopped , and I held up my hand to knock when I heard my father 's voice .
tr	O	他当然没有听，并且他立刻着手证明自己的价值。
tr	O	范，这个房间里的每一种配料都举世闻名，并且每一样物品都有独立的益处。
tr	I	The family chapel was too small , and Isabella had not wanted to take a chance with the changeable weather to have the ceremony in the garden .
tr	I	Always they denied knowledge of him , and I interrogated every demon I could .
tr	O	她已经拿出了盒子并倒好了一杯姜汁汽水。
tr	O	布雷兹向前跑，但是戴斯却先到了。
tr	I	We were wrong to accuse you of anything but we were concerned for someone 's safety .
tr	O	诺埃尔的头无力地耷拉在肩膀上，但是她仍然足够清醒能看到他。
tr	O	我不介意穿裙子，但是在一个刮风天，那简直是地狱。
tr	I	For this dawn I vow that she 'll live , but I 'll hunt her again .
tr	I	The camera itself weighed less than a pound , and the lens was half an inch in diameter .
tr	O	它很漂亮，并且当她旋转着为我展示时，我告诉了她。
tr	O	特拉维斯看到这一幕笑了，并且这让丽莎心里充满了温暖。
tr	O	我听到一个吸血鬼在我身边擦过时发出嘶嘶声，并且它冲到了我身后。
tr	I	Yet I 'm confident that it 's true , and I have nothing to base it on .
tr	I	The boys would all be meeting us there and Scott had closed it early for the party .
tr	I	His eyes looked over at Tammy and he slowly removed his hands from his face .
tr	I	I wanted to keep it that way , and my mother didn 't know the reason I 'd been admitted .
tr	I	The original owners had believed in planting , and it was an older home .
tr	I	The aroma filled the air and the cherry trees were blossoming .
tr	O	薇向后退去，并且我听到她匆匆上楼。
tr	I	Again , I felt pretty confident of my instincts , but my next leap was drastic .
tr	I	Yet , tragically , it couldn 't be hers , and this was the fairy-tale moment she 'd always dreamed of .
tr	O	他的眼睛很疲惫，并且他的头发很乱。
tr	I	I found Daphne and carefully I opened the shelf door .
tr	O	我会待在休息室，并且如果你需要什么，就告诉我。
tr	I	What surprised him was his lack of concern over the matter , but they had taken ' playing house ' to a new level .
tr	I	The wilderness will slow us down , and it is at least a twelve day march out to the Iron Gate Pass .
tr	I	Mara 's scent was indeed on multiple trails , and the territory they had already tracked was well-worn .
tr	O	奥克塔维亚把我的嘲笑鸟胸针别在我心口，并且我们退后照镜子。
tr	O	她在她看过来时，猛地把目光投向她的脸，但是她的表情没有泄露她可能在想什么。
tr	O	他喝醉了，并且黑暗像原油从漏船中涌出般从他体内倾泻而出。
tr	O	那个想法也曾困扰我，但是现在我拥有他所没有的信息。
tr	O	如果有必要，他会永远等待，但是他灵魂的每一个部分都在祈祷她已经准备好了。
tr	O	写下这些让我很痛苦，但是我开始认为你是对的。
tr	I	He didn 't like the feeling and Watching Nikki had aroused more than his curiosity .
tr	I	I 'm very sorry for your troubles , and I know you said you were filing for a legal separation .
tr	I	A fear crept up inside me and I got nervous .
tr	O	她把原件还给他，并且他把它放回瓶子里。
tr	I	He sloped back to the desk and the bell rang .
tr	O	他只是相信神圣经文是真实的，并且遵循它们是正确的做法。
tr	O	所有这一切对他来说都无关紧要，并且她的脑子开始吸收这一切。
tr	I	I ducked to one side , and he raised his sword high .
tr	I	That was far from the worst Cain had , but the vampire hissed .
tr	I	That 's not true , but they say the dead do not bleed .
tr	I	I didn 't mistake it for fear , but her hand shook a little .
tr	O	某种程度上，这把剑有了自己的意志，并且这意志是邪恶的。
tr	O	她的门铃响了，并且丽莎打开了门。
tr	O	蒸汽汽笛开始鸣响，并且船长的声音大声吼了出来。
tr	O	马车颠簸着转过一个弯，并且他收回了手。
tr	I	We weren 't staying around to find out what , but something must have been happening outside the castle walls .
tr	I	Somehow he had turned his whole body into air , but I don 't know how he was doing it .
tr	O	洛夫把脚放在刹车上，并且他的车慢了下来，几乎是爬行。
tr	O	她问道，在他们之间陷入一段舒适的沉默之后，并且马可滑到她身边，让她又能呼吸了。
tr	O	他的眼睛凹陷下去，并且他的颧骨变得更加明显。
tr	O	我们松开了拥抱，并且我与她的目光相遇了。
tr	O	我知道他想靠近他的枪，但是我顺其自然了。
tr	O	他停了下来，并且他的眼睛疲惫地闭上了。
tr	I	Internal corridors lit by fluorescent tubes and the third floor had low ceilings .
tr	O	我无法想象谁会有我的档案，但是我很好奇。
tr	I	There 's no stopping her , and she 's on a roll .
tr	I	His face merely showed weariness as he watched her , but she glanced up .
tr	O	看着我，学校里最性感的女孩，并且她就在我旁边睡得正香。
tr	O	我希望迈克会因为烧伤而患上坏疽，并且他的手臂会烂掉。
tr	I	The craving stirred within her again and Josephine could feel the power enticingly close-by .
tr	O	我是黑夜，并且她是白天。
tr	I	She was my mother , and I didn 't have anything going on .
tr	I	He sighed , and I asked .
tr	O	媒体举起手来，并且问题一开始都很常规。
tr	O	她旁边的墙上出现了一个黑洞，并且克莱尔感到一股力量风暴撕裂了整座房子。
tr	O	妈妈确实给了我一些好主意，并且我知道该往哪里走了。
tr	O	她知道这很危险，但是她仍然给了我多一点自由。
tr	O	她的眼睛再次噙满了泪水，但是她迅速擦干了它们。
tr	I	The answer was obvious , and put it like that .
tr	I	I have the most points and that was the last race .
tr	I	Yet you allowed harm to come to her on more than one occasion , and you took responsibility of Annabelle .
tr	O	他的笑容淡去了，并且他以赤裸裸的真诚看着我。
tr	I	I think he made her uncomfortable , but I never knew Ali that well .
tr	O	我们仍然几乎一无所有，但是有时会有食物。
tr	O	我微笑着敲了敲窗户，并且他倾身过来开门。
tr	I	He stays pretty busy and his company has grown .
tr	I	I suddenly wondered what I was doing here , and there was something sinister - not to mention permanent - about those words .
tr	O	他们肯定会在几个小时内赶来寻找，并且与此同时，他可以睡一会儿。
tr	O	他们一个接一个地开始滑落，并且最终只剩下卡妮卡留在上面。
tr	I	The walls of the room seemed to close in on us , and my skin crawled .
tr	I	She shrugged and icarus looked at Dare .
tr	O	他在我看着的时候放下了魅力，并且这比莱斯（Rhys）的还要更顺滑。
tr	I	At least I was out of the air duct , but I could feel the walls .
tr	O	他走进了那家小吃店，并且我跟着进去了。
tr	O	他的眼睛闭上了，并且他的呼吸加深了。
tr	I	I figured he more than any of the others would ask a fair question and his request had put me in this positions .
tr	I	I 'm not sure I 'm the infinity type , but I 'm sorry if I caused you to panic .
tr	O	你有能力逃离你的命运，但是你对朋友的感情不允许你这样做。
tr	O	她愉快地对那个男人笑了笑，并且他几乎立刻就拿出了她的饮料。
tr	I	Before we knew it , the sun was peaking over the horizon and we talked for hours .
tr	O	他声音中的赞许使她感到温暖，并且这让她感到害怕。
tr	I	He ran up , and I waved my hand towards him .
tr	I	He 'd had enough and she was avoiding him .
tr	I	This time louder , but I knocked again .
tr	O	他走进了里面，并且她跟着他，滑入他选择的雅座，阅读他递给她的菜单。
tr	O	突然云层散开了，并且小巷奇怪地闪闪发光。
tr	I	I didn 't think it was a good idea to give him the gory details , and Connor didn 't realize exactly how lucky I was .
tr	O	禁烟令已经实施好几年了，然而这家餐厅仍然弥漫着陈旧烟味。
tr	I	It hit the man Alexia hadn 't even realized was there , and there came a cry .
tr	I	It was only a matter of time before he was found out and he was a rebel spy .
tr	I	He cuts me off , but I start to say .
tr	O	我已经想过同样的事情了，但是显然玛琳没有考虑过食材可能被篡改了。
tr	O	我现在没有想到一个，并且我对此向你保证。
tr	O	她问道，并且黛安娜点了点头。
tr	O	他瞪了我一眼，但是接着，在审视了我一番后，笑了。
tr	I	One news van remained , but the news helicopters were gone .
tr	I	I know he must be thinking of Lacey , and his face is still pale .
tr	I	I saw the sun was still in the sky , almost ready to retire for the night and I peeked my head out of the window .
tr	O	他在路缘前停了下来，并且她又向后退了一步。
tr	O	巴斯蒂安竖起了大拇指，并且罗库在吉普车里拨动了一个开关。
tr	O	她不明白为什么她的心跳得狂乱，而且她的呼吸似乎卡在喉咙里。
tr	O	他对这门手艺没什么技巧，但是他能出点力气。
tr	O	他们把我安排在最初的那个房间里，并且我又是一个人了。
tr	I	Her only thought was escape , and any emotional stability she had gained the last few months was suddenly shattered .
tr	O	她的问题没有解决，并且她继续努力思考。
tr	O	服务很快，但是我我现在没心情当勤杂工。
tr	I	He backed off right away , and Evelyn shook her head .
tr	O	最初她被他一碰就僵住了，但是仅仅一秒钟后，她放松了下来。
tr	O	我不确定我能相信它，但是我没有更好的选择。
tr	I	She kept her footing this time , but her head snapped to the side .
tr	O	树叶沙沙作响，并且沉重的脚步声在地上咯吱作响。
tr	O	它没有断裂，但是它严重扭伤了。
tr	O	天已经快黑了，并且没有人在看着我。
tr	I	A part of me was happy to have the answer confirmed , and her face grew red .
tr	O	她知道盖瑞现在可能已经回公寓了，但是他却没给她打电话。
tr	O	维奥莱特再次感到她的防备心浮上心头，并且她挺直了身体，重新挺了挺肩膀。
tr	I	It was worth it but I was in pain .
tr	O	他们割掉了他的舌头，并且他将永远无法再开口了。
tr	O	飞行员顺从地挪到了一边，并且他们看了过去。
tr	I	He ignored it , but an apple rolled perilously close to the edge of the table .
tr	O	我走向浴室，但是贝克斯就在我身后。
tr	O	他的过去与我无关，并且我不会去管它，就像他不会干涉我的事情一样。
tr	I	She groaned and my hips pressed into hers .
tr	I	It was a discomfort I could handle but it itched like crazy .
tr	I	I instinctively put it behind my back , as if that would hide the stench of blood and Blood was dripping onto the dusty gravel below me .
tr	I	This was Molly 's attempt to help him win her over and he 'd texted her last night letting her know that he was bringing Rachel back .
tr	I	The distrust he 'd built up over the years was painful to watch , but his brother was so close to returning to full sanity .
tr	I	The old shores would not , but Angels might notice .
tr	I	He 's not going to , and he didn 't get you .
tr	I	His jaw hung loose in his mouth , and his hands trembled , shaking the light .
tr	O	护士过来带我，正如博格斯医生预言的那样，并且她问我有没有什么需要带走的东西。
tr	I	Aw , geez , Mama sure did look mad already and Kirstie looked around into the crowd .
tr	I	They sometimes had odd ideas of what took priority , but the Alchemists were fast when they wanted to be .
tr	I	Finding out who might be her only hope and recovering her memory .
tr	I	Alex saw the limp , furry red leg of an Elmo doll dragging from the footwell , and there was an empty child 's safety seat .
tr	O	她眼中现在充满了自我怀疑，并且我想消除它。
tr	O	这一切都非常轻松，并且他很高兴他来了。
tr	O	他抱了我很久，但是我我知道他没睡。
tr	O	地板停了下来，并且画作也停止了。
tr	O	世界在科尔顿身边渐渐远去，并且他突然变成了童年时家中的小男孩，那是在他母亲抛弃他的那个早上。
tr	I	Bret got inside , and Dad got in his side of the car , then shoved the passenger door open .
tr	O	我感到一阵期待的颤抖，但是我我知道此时此刻我无法做出任何承诺。
tr	I	We started walking back towards the main building and I laughed at the look on her face .
tr	I	Scholars have some fascinating clues which archeologists can surely use ; but we haven 't found them yet .
tr	I	There he stood at the top glaring down at me , and as I started up the next set of stairs I instinctively looked up .
tr	I	She looked just about ready to stomp her foot , which was about as mad as she ever got and Suave 's eyes flashed .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say to that , and they were all serious .
tr	O	他动了，肌肉轻轻一颤，并且她的心因期待而剧烈跳动。
tr	I	You 're guilty of child abduction or you have twenty-four hours to produce Isaac .
tr	I	There was no use in dredging up the bad memories , and they 'd both moved on .
tr	I	He felt the need inside her body , but she would fight him at every turn .
tr	O	我眼前金星直冒了一秒钟，才意识到他已朝同一个方向走去，并且我们的头撞到了一起。
tr	O	安吉拉迅速瞥了他一眼，但是他只是翻了个白眼。
tr	O	给我开绿灯，并且我就可以把那个姐妹带走。
tr	I	Now Vicki was everything he loved in a woman , wrapped up in one gorgeous package , but she 'd been a pretty teenager .
tr	O	公交车又停了下来，并且又有两个男孩上车了。
tr	O	她内心承受着一些重压，而且她不像以前那么开心了。
tr	I	We quickly moved to my dorm and he grabbed a bag he had packed from under his bed .
tr	O	他粘在那里的纸仍然牢牢地粘着，并且在他看来，甚至没有一丝阴影能泄露下面的东西。
tr	I	Before he could reach for her she flung herself into his arms but he dropped before her .
tr	O	如果你没有受到保护，风会让你感到脸和耳朵都冻僵了。
tr	I	They took their chances on letting it spread , but it was an interesting experiment .
tr	O	萨马拉的头被松开了，并且他的喉咙也被放开了。
tr	I	She took the opportunity to explore it boldly and he sucked her tongue into his mouth .
tr	O	仍然是白天，但是从天上却看不出来。
tr	O	理不清头绪，但是特里斯坦说这类案件很少有合理解释——通常是你最不怀疑的人。
tr	I	I could not but all my friends repressed their smiles .
tr	I	His breathing turns even , and his eyes close eventually .
tr	O	克莱尔把他推开了，但是她把铅笔留在了他的胸口。
tr	O	莱利怀疑自己是否会发疯，但是她还是低着头。
tr	I	Ian bumped into his feet from behind and the thought brought Connor to an abrupt stop .
tr	I	She was returning to the cathedral and she was grateful the week was over .
tr	I	She could feel his warm breath on her cold cheeks and with the other hand he tipped her face up towards his own .
tr	O	罗马已经走了一周，而且他只打了三次电话。
tr	O	距离她上次看到已经差不多一个小时了，而且房间已经满了。
tr	O	天很黑，而且街道都开始变得一样了。
tr	I	As he had taken it with him when he 'd vanished , she pointed out , that was unlikely to change , and she did not .
tr	O	他与时间一同前进，也一同后退，而且他不知怎么一开始就走错了路。
tr	O	我讨厌电影里受害者说那种话，但是我却想不出更好的话来说。
tr	O	他没有哭，倒不是说我曾料到会有那么一天，但是他看起来确实很难过。
tr	O	我毫不怀疑我们看起来有点滑稽，像圣诞胡桃夹子一样排成一列，但是如果她也这么想，她没有丝毫表示。
tr	I	The seconds felt like minutes ticking by , but I watched her for five seconds .
tr	I	Brown skin marked the spots where ears might have been , but there were no visible ears .
tr	O	我正在尽力打听我能知道的一切，但是恐怕雨水严重影响了通讯。
tr	I	I replied with a lightning slice of my wrist and it lunged .
tr	O	我感觉不是那样，但是怒火刚一涌上心头，我的怒火就消散了。
tr	I	Their clothes behaved as if gravity ceased to exist , and their hair stood straight up .
tr	O	停顿了一下，并且接着她轻笑了。
tr	I	Respect me , and the more time that passed , the more confident I became that they had finally learned to fear me .
tr	O	她依然犹豫不决，试图弄明白当下状况，并且他走过去搂住她的腰。
tr	I	There 's no changing that and I will never know a lot of stuff about our relationship .
tr	O	两个人影互相凝视，并且船长再次开口。
tr	O	我朝他们的方向点了点头，并且他顺着我的视线看去。
tr	O	这努力剥夺了我所需的氧气，并且胸口开始积聚一股熟悉的压力。
tr	I	It 's a price I 'm willing to pay to be alert , but the burning pain of my wound is growing , too .
tr	I	They are actually yellowing newspapers , but at first I think they are filled with extra printing paper .
tr	O	他就像我的父亲，但是他只是奉命行事。
tr	I	He even thought that she was rich , that her parents hid a lot of money in secret , and no one knew the reason why .
tr	O	她能听到他们的谈话，并且这让她感到不舒服。
tr	I	He wondered why and she seemed uncomfortable .
tr	O	他们挂断了电话，并且布雷克打电话给他的飞行员。
tr	O	那一声微弱的哭泣之后是一些模糊不清的话语，但是他明白了正在发生什么。
tr	I	She answered her own question and her eyes narrowed .
tr	O	她从来不是一个喜欢拐弯抹角的人，但是天哪，这比我准备听到的还要直白。
tr	O	他们年轻时建造了牧场，并且我叔叔结婚时建造了房子。
tr	I	From his predatory expression , he could smell her desire like a lion smells its next kill , and her heart rate increased .
tr	O	我们一分钟都没说话，并且爱丽丝停止了哭泣。
tr	O	他却没退缩，并且他的呼吸像手指一样轻抚我的嘴唇。
tr	I	I joined in and they workout in groups .
tr	O	我现在差不多好了，并且我意识到我在第一天就上学迟到了。
tr	I	He seemed steady on his feet , but his shoulders slumped with exhaustion .
tr	O	我开始慢慢地滑向一边，但是格里芬的眼睛仍然盯着我。
tr	I	I have enough for now , but I 'm not sure I have all the answers .
tr	I	She knew it , and it was ridiculous .
tr	O	这只吸血鬼没有冒任何风险，但是我却冒了险。
tr	I	I sighed and she looked around .
tr	O	他把头埋在手里，并且我想他忍住没吞咽。
tr	O	他口袋里的围巾折叠成一个微露尖角的三角形，并且他的裤子穿在他身上就像是量身定做的一样。
tr	I	It let out another low , ominous growl , and the wolf 's gaze cut over to them .
tr	O	诺亚每次都赢，但是我却说芬恩赢了。
tr	O	这样的事情发生了，并且耶稣会士反对它们是正确的。
tr	O	看着褐色的水奔流而过令人着迷，并且她很快就被催眠进入一种昏昏欲睡的清醒状态。
tr	I	It was dated just a week back and it was another page of the diary .
tr	O	我不完全明白这一切，甚至差得很远，但是我认为这整个关于杀死我的事情只是另一个层面。
tr	I	There wasn 't a blurb , but she flipped to the back .
tr	O	我想我一开始并不喜欢他那样做，但是事实就是如此。
tr	I	My initial guess would be a 30-45 year old single white male , but all right , I need more information to make a detailed profile .
tr	I	It gets me in the range of survival , but I 'd still be in danger of starvation .
tr	O	她向她的朋友们挥手，并且随后我被明显更多的雌激素包围了。
tr	I	She was hoping for a miracle , but now no physiological parameter could give her hope .
tr	I	They hit the floor with a resounding thump that echoed throughout the keep and the force sent them both over the back of the laird 's chair .
tr	O	没必要通过告诉他这些来惹恼这个男孩，但是她似乎已经完全与她的儿子疏远了。
tr	I	Lucien let us in and we took the elevator up .
tr	I	The house is nothing like I expected and we walk inside .
tr	O	他曾想卖掉他在道格拉斯的摩托游艇，但是到目前为止还没有到那一步。
tr	O	我感觉自己快要摔倒了，并且我不确定会在哪里摔倒。
tr	I	He finally takes it , but his dark eyes stare at the drink for a beat too long .
tr	O	他的父亲是创始人之一，并且马库斯一生都在这家工厂度过。
tr	I	She knew she had lost , and her father crossed his arms .
tr	I	No one objected , but a murmur rose from the other members of the council .
tr	I	I still hurried , but I knew I had plenty of time .
tr	I	His chest was heaving and he was sobbing now .
tr	I	I can 't read his lips , but he 's murmuring something .
tr	I	The past few months had been uneventful and thankfully Social Services had agreed to the foster placement .
tr	O	我听说过像他这样的人存在，但是我从未真正相信过。
tr	I	They were oddly appropriate , and the terms evoked images of deep-sea operations .
tr	I	It went wide , but he fired again .
tr	O	他的手指在我皮肤上张开，并且他引导我更靠近他。
tr	O	他希望那不要那么悲观，但是她似乎没有注意到。
tr	O	他没有带护卫，但是他确实佩戴了他的剑。
tr	I	For just that moment , her focus strayed and she was absently pondering the odds of the battle .
tr	O	她的目光刺向杰克，但是他仍然不明白。
tr	O	我弯腰帮她捡起它们，并且她盯着我。
tr	O	她的下唇颤抖着，并且她原地摇晃。
tr	I	You 'll read the messages to me , and we 'll go to the walls covered in card graffiti .
tr	I	She was still heavy hearted , and she had not slept well .
tr	I	The gate closed and the air shimmered .
tr	O	很快她的四肢变得沉重，并且在她眼皮底下一切开始旋转。
tr	I	Kind of scared became very scared , and it was cold like Leon 's .
tr	O	第一个，然而，已经停留了足够长时间来发挥作用，并且药物已经流遍她的全身。
tr	I	She stood making the sign of the cross as the canoes landed , and she was taller than average , more modestly dressed .
tr	I	Gannon carefully arranged it around Keeley and one of the other men tossed up a blanket .
tr	I	Together , we yanked down his jeans and his free hand helped me .
tr	I	I don 't point this out , but he 's so proud of himself , having pinned a girl half his size .
tr	O	大多数人会认为他把我塑造成了一个更好的人，但是，我没有以前那么快乐了。
tr	I	He wasn 't letting her go until one of them decided to call it quits and she was his woman .
tr	I	Before I could even squeal in protest , he 'd bitten off half the cannoli , and he grabbed my arm .
tr	O	当铃声响起，而且我可以在自己出更大的洋相之前离开那里时，我感到非常感激。
tr	I	She reached for her sister 's hand and the grief hit her in the stomach .
tr	I	That everything she blamed Alisa for was her fault , not Alisa 's and I told her to leave Alisa alone .
tr	I	Rutabagas began climbing in , and behind us a window shattered .
tr	O	他雇佣了他所能负担得起的全部守卫，但是其他的地主都很守旧。
tr	I	Abruptly Wells was there with a knife flashing , cutting through the strap , and his stiff fingers refused to work on the buckles .
tr	O	我手臂上细软的毛发都竖了起来，并且我屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	Dianna picked them up and a couple spilled to the ground .
tr	O	我真希望自己能吐出来，这样之后会感觉好些，但是我现在知道，没有什么能让我感觉好起来，永远都不会了。
tr	I	Silver was the metal of choice for almost any other creature , but Iron could inflict lethal blows on the gentry .
tr	I	The rent was due , and the landlord was there .
tr	O	霍夫曼博士可能没有他即将要说的所有事情的证据，但是我却有。
tr	I	She didn 't look at the screen , but the iPhone in Laurel 's hand bleeped .
tr	I	Tug must 've helped hide the evidence , and if it was Leanne who 'd hurt Alana , she must 've acted in anger .
tr	O	我知道他只是想帮忙，但是他没明白。
tr	I	There was almost no traffic out so early on a Sunday , and it was a pretty day , at least .
tr	I	They giggled together , and Bernardo leaned into Madhu 's ear .
tr	I	I moved to the tables to help greet the people that came and the people started arriving not long after the band had set up .
tr	I	The sun shone brightly over the town , and the river flowed gently under the bridge .
tr	O	她不希望那改变，并且她本以为他理解她的感受。
tr	O	地面摇晃，仿佛地震袭来，并且接着佐伊感受到有庞然大物正发出轰隆的重击声靠近房间。
tr	I	Abby followed her to a giant tree and Jenny pulled them toward a smaller path .
tr	I	Bobby didn 't know that , but I had in my Search .
tr	O	我不属于她，并且她也不属于我。
tr	O	宙斯把手臂搭在波塞冬的肩膀上，并且年长的哥哥把手放在上面。
tr	I	He always seemed to go out of his way to annoy me , but I didn 't know what Oliver 's deal was .
tr	I	The knot in her throat made it hard to speak and the tears wouldn 't quit .
tr	I	Their wings do not have so many joins , and they are all much more brightly colored than I am .
tr	I	The two groups moved to surround her , and dozens more were coming out there , however .
tr	I	Somehow his blood did , but his stomach didn 't rumble .
tr	O	我想他看上地板上的枪了，但是他离它还有好几步远。
tr	I	The air felt warm and the rain had cleared .
tr	O	这个岛对他来说显然很特别，并且他选择带她来这里。
tr	I	We fall , or we stand together .
tr	O	一道动静闪过，并且塞巴斯蒂安就在那里。
tr	I	I was in awe and it was magnificent .
tr	I	Darkness was creeping along the edge of her vision but Josephine brought his shield down with her next attack .
tr	I	It was wasted on me , but the offer would be tempting to almost any girl .
tr	I	Clint continued , and Chewy lowered his eyes to show Clint he didn 't .
tr	O	她惊喜地睁大了眼睛，并且笑容爬上了她的嘴角。
tr	O	他们以财力雄厚而闻名，但是他们实际做了什么却从未被充分解释。
tr	O	他不再欺骗她了，但是他却有一种不祥的预感，觉得有什么可怕的事情即将发生。
tr	I	No sight could pass through but the light made its way through the swirling presence of the Mist .
tr	O	我的手机响了，并且我把它翻了过来。
tr	O	雅各布发现她穿着布莱恩的衬衫睡着了，并且他把她大骂了一顿。
tr	I	It always does and I know the best is going to come to me .
tr	I	He very much meant to oppose it , and he did know about the fourth colony .
tr	I	I listen to his erratic heartbeat and my head rests on his chest .
tr	O	她在客厅里踱步，捡起了布莱克前一晚扔在地上的衬衫和鞋子。
tr	O	链接在你凡人之时开始，但是结局却不尽相同。
tr	I	My colleagues will know more soon , but that 's a language I 'm not too familiar with .
tr	O	一块硬骨头猛击了我的后脑勺，并且疼得要命。
tr	O	克莱尔调出了浏览器的历史记录，但是它已经被清除了。
tr	I	I winced , and she asked .
tr	I	I knew that you knew about Kenzie , and you said something about my crush .
tr	I	I don 't know why , and he still frightens me , Toni .
tr	I	It made her feel secure , far from any dangers that may harm her and it was the only home that she had ever known .
tr	I	She worshipped him till the day he died and he loved her dearly .
tr	O	随即，我的手指触碰到他坚硬的阴茎，并且湿漉漉的。
tr	I	She watched and she waited .
tr	O	我觉得它看起来有点吓人，但是芭比向我保证它是安全的。
tr	I	I 'm mortified to feel tears pricking the corners of my eyes , and I say the last part of this sentence in a shaky voice .
tr	I	It was in the ballpark , but this was not quite true .
tr	O	的确，她一直食欲很好，尤其是在满月前，但是这太过分了。
tr	I	He gave her the respect of giving it serious thought , and he paused , instantly sensing it was a serious question .
tr	I	The gloves from the pressure suit prevented it from sounding effective but he tried to snap his fingers .
tr	O	他可能被迫温顺地进入阿姆斯特朗的领地，但是他绝不允许任何阿姆斯特朗家族的人恐吓他。
tr	I	My nails dug painfully into my palms , and my fists were clenched .
tr	I	I recognized it as something from the early jazz era , but I didn 't know the song .
tr	I	I don 't think I can answer that yet , but I want to say that it was good news .
tr	I	You 're attracted to me , and I 'm attracted to you .
tr	I	The looks he 'd given her were close to hostile , but he denied there was anything wrong .
tr	O	她努力表现得很坚强以免他担心，并且弘闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	莱利医生皱了皱眉，并且这次我清楚地看到了他眼中的怜悯。
tr	O	每个人都在笑，但是我仍然很迷茫。
tr	O	他总是粗暴地占有她后留下一个温柔的吻，并且随后他会离开房间让她睡觉。
tr	O	利亚姆胸口一轻，并且他对阿德拉笑了。
tr	I	He had friendly blue eyes and his short black hair was curly .
tr	I	The tunnels are like a spider 's web but it doesn 't make sense to me .
tr	I	He was too heavy , but she tried to push Nate off to roll free .
tr	I	The engine fired to life , and he turned the ignition switch .
tr	O	征兵还有一年时间，但是他仍然会获得豁免。
tr	O	我想知道阿贾克斯告诉他关于我什么，并且他从听到的流言蜚语中知道了什么。
tr	I	She couldn 't find it , but she reached around on the seat next to her for the gun .
tr	O	脚步声咯吱作响地走向长凳，但是艾玛没有退缩。
tr	I	I don 't think they knew about the Russians , and to be fair , the Greens weren 't getting paid .
tr	O	他停了下来，但是他拒绝转身。
tr	I	I cringed , and he came out with a pair of tweezers .
tr	I	This gave him some hope and every golfer wants to improve .
tr	I	Then shot forward again and the horses jerked nervously in the shafts .
tr	I	If he won Saturday , he was in the finals and he had reached the semi finals of the Club Championship .
tr	I	It was all empty , a facade , but it gratified me , validated me .
tr	O	哈罗德的头发白了，并且他的眼睛开始流血。
tr	I	They walked slowly towards the museum and the driver took the old man 's arm .
tr	O	他似乎很惊讶我没有退缩，并且他短暂地睁开眼睛，审视着我的脸。
tr	I	She felt his fingers tighten as if in readiness , and Dewhurst didn 't release her arm .
tr	I	A bit rude , he thought , and it was peculiar question to ask .
tr	I	She suspected the temperature had dropped several degrees , but as they left the pharmacy , Carrie noticed it had stopped snowing .
tr	O	我的手机嗡嗡作响，但是我置之不理。
tr	I	I 'm terrible at swordplay and he 's challenging me .
tr	I	This time he hiked it over her waist , and only this time , it was in the back .
tr	I	He adjusted the jacket over his arm and Jase 's face turned red .
tr	I	He rolled his eyes and James looked at her .
tr	I	I leaned away from him and I felt my eyes widen .
tr	O	他的牙齿轻咬我的下唇，并且我张开嘴表示邀请。
tr	I	The words had to be said , but Easy enough to guess where this conversation was heading .
tr	O	我是他的，并且他是我的。
tr	I	I was hoping that contacting my parents would help to fill in this void , and there 's a deep aching hole in the middle of me .
tr	O	他给我一个好奇的眼神，但是即使他向我倾诉过，我也不知道该说什么。
tr	I	Haddington chuckled and he smiled .
tr	O	当然他在五十年代就写了，并且我想当没什么立刻发生时人们就把它忘了。
tr	O	那是太多证据了，但是我祈祷有另一种解释。
tr	O	我的手机埋在我的飞行包里某个地方，并且我害怕看到自从我下飞机以来我错过了多少电话。
tr	O	她可能并非自愿从人类变成吸血鬼，但是她知道诺克斯不会在乎。
tr	I	She was lying and she was nervous .
tr	O	这是一种成人礼，并且我们不理会任何善意大人的话。
tr	I	That didn 't mean he couldn 't start lobbying , but Tonight might not be the right time to indulge in tantric sex .
tr	O	那个男性把她拉开了，并且洛德趁机冲向敞开的大门。
tr	I	Honestly I didn 't want to and I couldn 't stop the tears .
tr	I	I 'm touched anew by her kindness , and her door recognizes me , after all this time .
tr	O	这会花几天时间，但是这会值得付出努力的。
tr	O	她忍不住看到了他牛仔裤下鼓起的坚挺，并且他也没有试图隐藏。
tr	O	齐尔挽着我的手臂，并且我们开始走下山坡。
tr	O	女性狼人不像女性吸血鬼那么稀有，但是男性至少以六比一的比例超过了她们。
tr	O	她技术上还没有得到这个学徒职位，但是她想积极思考。
tr	O	我没有收到他的消息，而且这不像他。
tr	O	他消失在我们从墓地所能看到的视野之外，并且我从瑞秋的口袋里拿出她的手机给爸爸发短信。
tr	O	迪亚说了别的话，但是海文没有等下去听。
tr	O	他的眼睛是亮蓝色，我知道，但是谷仓昏暗的光线下，它们看起来几乎是蓝宝石色。
tr	I	I ate it , but it was tasteless .
tr	I	He smiled a deceiver 's smile at his friend , and then he thought of Marten , of his mother .
tr	O	也许只是把它扫到一边，永远不向任何人提起。
tr	I	The smirk that graced my stupid face fell and my throat instantly dried .
tr	I	I know I 'm killing time and a few more days pass .
tr	O	它们没有那么疼，但是站起来变得很困难。
tr	O	艾弗里勋爵肯定在店里留了订单，因为他离开的第二天有更多鲜花送来，并且再过一天还有更多。
tr	I	The tiniest of smiles crossed her face before she continued on her way out of the office , and she stopped momentarily .
tr	I	The indiscreet thoughts filled my mind and the blood started to pump south .
tr	O	大卫会离开，但是在这里有我的一小部分家会很好。
tr	O	自从她上次见到他，才过了两个小时，但是她仍然思念他。
tr	O	这不是不敬，并且也不是负面的。
tr	O	让我来对抗这个，或者我就把你带走。
tr	O	她朝安东尼的腹部开了好几枪，并且他跪倒在地。
tr	O	那是一个巨大的景观，吞噬了广场的中央，但是今天像疯子一样沿着边缘奔跑几乎没有引起任何注意。
tr	O	我一定是触发了什么，因为一扇窗户开了，瑞奇出现了，微笑着看我。
tr	O	我妈妈向我解释了事情，并且我奶奶证实了这件事。
tr	O	我皱眉，希望我不是那种样子，但是我知道她是对的——尤其是最近。
tr	I	She thought he had been doing the same to her , and she had been sneaking glances at him the entire time they were motoring out .
tr	I	She was watching Bickel , but he smiled at Prudence .
tr	I	All three were stupid , but none were demon possessed .
tr	O	我的牛仔裤里有一支笔，并且我想把它拿出来。
tr	O	他转向卡米尔，并且她缓和了他的情绪。
tr	I	I didn 't want to answer , and I thought he was about to ask me where I 'd been staying .
tr	I	It leaped into my throat , but I didn 't think that my heart could pound any louder after today .
tr	O	她的声音充满了希望，而且他为此爱她。
tr	O	那条腿从车里移出来，接着是它的双胞胎，而且两者都走向Tammie。
tr	I	Others , like Saxon , didn 't , but some , like Tempest , became wolves .
tr	O	松鼠的下巴惊得掉了下来，而且他摇了摇头。
tr	I	I didn 't want to dance , but it was almost like a waltz .
tr	I	Using such energy had drained him , and his earlier need for blood had barely been satisfied .
tr	I	Her expression was knowing , and my smile was soft .
tr	I	It continued to lumber forward , but the other hit a Forsaken in the middle of its skull .
tr	O	她不明白自己身上发生了什么，而且她知道她不能让这一切继续下去。
tr	I	He stared her over for a few more moments , ignoring the telephone , before hitting another button on his phone , and she blushed .
tr	I	Bongo let out a bark , to let us know that he agreed with my words and I tried to lighten the mood with a joke .
tr	O	机器在她身下发出了低沉的呜呜声，而且Renna低头看了一眼控制台。
tr	I	Her heart rate escalated and she was lying against him .
tr	I	I could hear the light footsteps moving away from my room and she scurried away quickly .
tr	I	Nothing comes out , but I open my mouth to say stop with the drugs .
tr	O	眼泪顺着她的脸颊流下，但是她的胸口因一种眼泪无法排遣的痛苦而紧绷。
tr	I	I don 't say anything and my breath catches .
tr	I	I hadn 't realized he was so actively involved in this stuff , but I knew he cared about equality .
tr	O	当他把卡片给我时，他说我随时都可以打电话给他，而且我希望他是认真的。
tr	I	I don 't trust them and they 'll just want to get their hands on my inventions .
tr	I	I don 't know what I can do about it , but I 'm not saying I agree with it .
tr	I	She had received it herself , but the report did indeed contain such an assertion .
tr	I	The vampire 's blood flowed out into her mouth , and they were so sharp that they sank easily into the skin .
tr	O	她现在可能是他的情人，但是她永远不会是他的夫人。
tr	I	Greg was not of a mind to tell them , and they didn 't know how close the enemy were .
tr	I	With another burst of static it came to life , and a flatscreen hung from the ceiling .
tr	O	他吻了她，抚摸了她，从她的肩上拉下长袍，并且她让他这么做。
tr	O	她旁边的女士有一条手帕，并且她希望自己也带了一条像她那样的。
tr	I	Each had a shiny red button on the thumb , and they looked exactly like reindeer heads .
tr	O	我曾负责，并且现在轮到他了。
tr	O	她似乎强迫自己直起身子并迅速行动起来，爬过客厅地板朝窗户而去。
tr	O	我可以在六周内让第一批部件下线，但是我的院子不能容纳很多模块。
tr	I	Lifting my hand up to his mouth for a kiss and covering my lips with a few fingers to silence me .
tr	O	这些城市现在可以补充物资了，并且他们的部队可以重新集结了。
tr	I	We had to go in and the 28th Division was pulled out .
tr	O	我张开嘴想回答，但是我的手机开始响了。
tr	I	The base commanders had kept their distance and the states in the ASSC were flirting with rebellion in many people 's eyes .
tr	O	达米安是个陌生人，但是杰夫是个盟友。
tr	I	We don 't hurt children , but our laws might be harsh .
tr	I	He should be proud of her , and many men would find her attractive .
tr	I	Then put down his fork the moment he swallowed , and Cy took a bite , thinking while he chewed .
tr	O	泰勒走了以后那是不可能的了，但是每个人都同意沃特金斯取得了成功。
tr	I	The viewers could see behind him the figure of Maria and it was open .
tr	I	She needed it now - and she needed fresh air !
tr	I	Nobody 's even been able to figure out how to do that , but we might be able to block them from coming here .
tr	O	可能是Scribe，但是我不这么认为。
tr	O	他们会争辩说，如果我开始喝之前就不能走直线，那我就不应该喝酒，而且他们说得有道理。
tr	O	莱斯利跳上自行车，并且我跳到她身后。
tr	I	It was becoming increasingly residential as the years passed , but this particular Brentwood had once been a farming community .
tr	O	当然，这种情况是不同的，然而他听到了莉莉丝的命令。
tr	O	他在克莱尔家门前的人行道中间拦住了我，并且他捧起了我的下巴。
tr	O	这实在是太尴尬了，而且她现在不想处理这件事。
tr	I	We stare at each other for a while and his eyes focus on mine .
tr	I	It can 't be , but that 's him in the picture .
tr	I	Beyond that , there are warriors everywhere and there 's the man at the door !
tr	O	我迅速收拾好我的东西，并且我几乎是跑出了门。
tr	O	她无法相信自己所看到的一切，而且她的心在胸腔里跳得如此剧烈，她以为它会爆炸。
tr	I	I spent an unnecessary amount of time stirring my yogurt as I mulled over her words , and we sat down .
tr	O	微波炉响了，而且我欢迎这个分心。
tr	I	Shivers ran down her spine and her back erected .
tr	I	They 'll have all the power and we have all the interest .
tr	O	我了解我的姐姐，并且我非常了解她。
tr	I	He knew the truth , but Sara tried to dismiss the importance of the situation .
tr	I	She made the softest , cutest snore I 'd ever heard , and her arm dangled toward the floor .
tr	I	I lost my bearings for a split second and I felt momentarily dizzy .
tr	I	Her firm squeeze did quiver a bit , but she did not weep .
tr	I	Before each meal we prayed and we still had dinners together .
tr	O	詹姆斯一直搂着乔妮，但是她却因凯茜眼中的恶毒而颤抖。
tr	O	他摇晃我的肩膀，但是我站稳了脚跟。
tr	I	His eyes narrowed , and the man 's finger stilled over the button .
tr	O	他表现得很奇怪，而且这让我感到紧张。
tr	O	我看着他在厨房里轻松自如地走动，而且我对他那种从容不迫感到惊叹。
tr	I	The author feels that she is just as important today , and she was important for the well being of the human race in her life time .
tr	I	It was a complete failure , and led by Marshall Brit Cairns .
tr	I	I was starting to get bored , and this continued for a few more minutes .
tr	I	Her incisors stayed put , but the Queen 's eyes had returned to their normal silver glow .
tr	O	也许我应该选择一种更好的出现方式，但是你脸上的表情却是无价的。
tr	O	你需要宁静来滋养你的精神，并且你的母亲需要爱的能量。
tr	I	This isn 't over , but I need to go .
tr	I	No rebirth until you eat your fruit , and no dessert until you eat your vegetables .
tr	I	Jennifer shook her head as the car started forward again and the light turned green .
tr	O	房间尽头的门开了，并且阿梅丽最喜欢的两名吸血鬼保镖走了进来，拖着一个伤痕累累的人。
tr	O	杰森从高中起就认识马克了，并且他们现在是友好的竞争对手，偶尔下班后会一起喝啤酒。
tr	I	Under the carpet of ash , I feel the paving stones of the square , and the surface beneath my feet hardens .
tr	I	He 'd had no problem easily letting her off the hook , and he understood .
tr	I	Then , I became involved with the Soul Reaper 's secrets , but the first time I saw Scar , was just an imagination .
tr	O	我闭上了眼睛，并且当我睁开眼睛时，我们正站在某种走廊里。
tr	O	格蕾丝真诚地希望他能明白这个意思，但是这种微妙的方法对斯坦并不总是奏效。
tr	O	他体型庞大，并且她一直都很冷淡。
tr	I	They would fade as clouds of summer do and if it were to be known the gods were not omnipotent then worship of them would cease .
tr	O	韦斯特对周围的下属发号施令，并且他们匆忙跑开了。
tr	O	今天是第一次有凯恩参加的训练，并且我像个孩子一样地打斗。
tr	O	我的头开始眩晕，并且我止住了自己。
tr	I	The children have already gone through too much and I won 't risk our family .
tr	O	她知道他们来自何方，并且她想品味这一刻。
tr	O	我问道，并且她耸了耸肩。
tr	O	雷声渐弱，并且布莱奥妮僵住了，因为她听到另一个声音在实验室里回荡。
tr	O	她保持着轻松的语调，但是当话语涌出时，她意识到它们发自内心。
tr	O	他和任何人一样明智，但是他心软，他就是那样的人。
tr	O	我照做了，但是正如我警告过他的，那很糟糕。
tr	O	即使莫里斯太太也无法从她的外表上挑剔出毛病，但是这让裘德抓狂。
tr	I	He could fantasize , but she probably wouldn 't have worn them .
tr	I	She obviously had , along with practically everything else , but Robin didn 't remember mentioning that to Angela .
tr	O	当它打开时，我向右倒去，并且杨冲上前，扫视着房间。
tr	O	我知道我妈妈只是生我的气，她说的每个字都不是真心话，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	伊斯特的笔迹与兰卡斯特的截然不同，但是他在逃离赫希时犯了个错误。
tr	O	他跑到货车旁，并且凯特跟了上去，当他打开门时，她迅速爬到他身后。
tr	I	For a long time they did not move , and they lay there , wrapped in each other 's arms .
tr	O	我越过他看去，而且就在那时我看到了小猫。
tr	I	I don 't know , but I have heard that .
tr	I	It appeared that they had already removed him for surgery , but I returned to the Containment Center to interview Chris Abbot .
tr	O	巴尔萨泽试图说话，但是他口干舌燥。
tr	O	她受邀参加所有重要的社交活动，并且女主人都渴望邀请她参加她们的晚宴。
tr	I	Far from the dumbest we came up with that fall , but it was a dumb idea .
tr	O	他挥舞着手臂，并且那些影像消散了，仿佛它们从未存在过。
tr	O	选择是完全随机的，但是接下来发生的事情并非如此。
tr	I	The pilot crunched across the gravel on his way to the cockpit and the Royal Flying Doctor Service plane 's doors slammed shut .
tr	O	他们时不时地会发射那些该死的东西，但是到目前为止，它们充其量不过是个讨厌的麻烦。
tr	I	Victoria no longer felt that way now that he 's gone again but all she ever wanted to feel was to be happy with him .
tr	O	你必须原谅我们的方法，但是像你一样，我们对遇到的人都保持警惕。
tr	O	米娅在他的生日派对上和他们短暂地见过面，但是显然，她对和别人在一起不怎么感兴趣。
tr	O	她不知道如何穿过那些旋转的刀片，但是她愿意尝试。
tr	O	我再次试图亲吻他，但是他没有让我。
tr	I	I said nothing , but that was debatable .
tr	O	她很容易受到攻击，但是他什么也没做。
tr	O	我们是步行的，并且他是靠轮子移动的。
tr	I	I gave an involuntary gasp , and a chill ran down my back .
tr	O	他甚至没等被搭理就开始说话，而且巨龙的嗡鸣声带上了一丝受冒犯的意味。
tr	I	She 'd managed to put him in his place over that , but Enrique had demanded even more favors from Diego 's mother .
tr	O	我只想倒头就睡，但是我却站了起来。
tr	I	There was no end and there was no beginning .
tr	O	禁用超过一小部分，那么大脑就会彻底失灵。
tr	I	She was very clever , and she understood the issues .
tr	I	Hanna followed , and she started across the parking lot .
tr	O	然后我又站了几分钟直到它起飞，并且我一直看着它，直到它在蓝色中渐渐消失不见。
tr	O	她想她总能找到马格纳斯友好的当地羊血供应商，但是这整件事让她感到恶心。
tr	O	他坚持要拿所有的东西，并且我只拿着那朵红色的单枝玫瑰。
tr	O	她伸手碰我，并且我畏缩了，期待着她冰冷的手感。
tr	I	Evie relinquished her place behind the wheel , and immediately the agent clambered back into the boat .
tr	O	艾格尼丝啐了一声，并且婴儿呜咽了。
tr	O	伤痛掠过他的脸庞，并且我能看出他从未打算伤害我们。
tr	O	这疾病一定会杀了她，但是正如林赛所感觉到的，她不会让自己的状况夺走生命中最后的那些时刻。
tr	O	我走过他身边，并且他抓住了我的手臂。
tr	O	他听说即使没有看到任何异常活动，报告它们也是个好主意，但是他却害怕这样做。
tr	O	她现在正在乞求，并且但丁能从她的脸上看出来。
tr	O	他希望这份恩惠会有帮助，但是国王看起来并不怎么受用。
tr	I	She watched , nervously gripping the book , and he continued to mumble low , as if in argument .
tr	I	He grinned and I giggled .
tr	I	Then Harriet had continued to teach herself , and her grandmother had taught her to play until she died when Harriet was seven .
tr	I	That had an appeal , but he was the exact opposite of her .
tr	I	When he came back , he only had you , but when she did , Stephan went looking for her .
tr	I	I stroked the silken strands , appreciating the softness , and the gleam of her hair appeared almost silver in the moonlight .
tr	O	我想看他的脸，但是我没有看。
tr	I	Now he was soaked and a wave caught him unawares .
tr	O	我身体上并不怕他，但是我也没有松开链条。
tr	I	Marco held him back with hundreds of bullets spitting out at Atticus 's hiding spot but atticus tried to fire off a few rounds .
tr	I	He disregarded after a moment , but he stared at it for a moment , trying to decipher the meaning .
tr	O	拉尔斯猛地停住了脚步，但是 我跑过他，跑到她刚才所在的地方，正好听到门在她身后砰地关上。
tr	I	The ones that didn 't were carried in the talons of others , and most of them had wings .
tr	O	我知道警察保护民众，但是 我总觉得他们是冲着我来的。
tr	I	She took off for the forest , and that thought galvanized her into action .
tr	I	There appeared to be strands of gold in the firelight , yet he had brown hair .
tr	I	She put hers around mine , and I wrapped my arm around her waist .
tr	O	他的瞄准很准，并且 她哼了一声表示赞同。
tr	O	此时他就在这里，一年之后，与一名怀孕的拳击手坐在一起，并因为某个罪犯仍然逍遥法外而慢慢发疯。
tr	I	Mom lowered her head , and Aislinn swore under her breath .
tr	O	茉莉的声音从客厅里飘了出来，并且 我加快了脚步。
tr	O	他们所说的一切我都相信，并且 我成了他们的门徒。
tr	I	While she killed Finn , Alexander made me kill Dean , and first I turned on you .
tr	O	她的心率加快了，但是 这并非出于恐惧。
tr	I	I didn 't want her to stop , and her touch sent shivers down my spine .
tr	I	I would have your word on their safety , and I am their mother .
tr	O	几把椅子被掀翻了，并且 桌子也被挪动了位置。
tr	O	她回瞪了我一眼，但是我说的都是真心话。
tr	I	If I 'm not , you 'll have to handle things here for a while , but I 'll try to be back by morning .
tr	I	More often than not it was a new girl every time , but according to the clerk , some of them would be the same girls .
tr	O	我走出了停车场，但是我没有停在那里。
tr	I	I clawed at him and my hands found Dom 's face .
tr	I	His question derailed it but a thought occurred to Chris .
tr	I	My heart sank as I realized there never had been , and there was no longer any chance of stopping the path of destruction .
tr	I	When I can 't answer he 'll smell a rat and the policeman will come back with a barrage of Turkish .
tr	O	栅栏打开了，并且他走了进去。
tr	I	All that was left to do was wait for spring break and we were set .
tr	I	He knows it , and I want him so badly .
tr	I	Hard it lands a strike faster than a blink and I nail that ball down the lane so fast .
tr	I	I couldn 't help myself from sighing and I looked up into Nick 's sleeping face .
tr	I	She felt that odd sting on her skin and the glow seemed extra bright .
tr	O	我甚至和爸爸谈过了，但是他也不肯让步。
tr	O	讽刺的是，她坐在那里让特里斯坦坦白，但是她自己却不明白。
tr	I	All my senses were heightened now , but when I was human , I wouldn 't have recognized it .
tr	I	Finn caught my elbow without even looking my way , but I struggled to right myself before I went legs over head in the rack of wetsuits .
tr	I	It was no use , but Callum struggled to escape .
tr	I	Her eyes kept drifting Finn 's way , but she pretended to be absorbed by her food .
tr	I	The guys stopped their car behind her and Andrea pulled into the tiny parking lot .
tr	I	The pack of dogs were already too close , coming toward Ryland at a dead run , with only the fence separating them and the security guards .
tr	O	他依稀记得自己曾是一名记者，并且即使作为精神病院的病人，他也保持着那种观察者的本性。
tr	I	She might 've thought the alcohol was affecting her or she 'd only drunk half a glass of champagne .
tr	O	亚伦真的严重打击了我的信心，并且我才刚刚开始明白损害有多深。
tr	O	丹麦人以二比一的比例在人数上超过他们已经够糟糕了，但是每艘船都大到足以再载十五名额外的人。
tr	O	你们中很多人不知道这点，但是 在伊森去世前，他给我写了一封信。
tr	I	He 'd bungled it , and what better excuse for her to hold his hand .
tr	I	I knew that I was playing with fire and I thought back to what had happened before .
tr	O	她仍然牢记斯宾塞的号码，并且 打电话可能还不算太晚。
tr	O	也许他已经失去了时间观念，并且 墨水把他关在这个小屋里好几天了。
tr	I	My mom had been the same way before she 'd died , and sure , my Grandma Frost was the strongest person I knew .
tr	I	His grip only tightened , but she tried to step away .
tr	O	她听起来很惊讶，但是 她跟着我。
tr	I	They threw themselves to the ground and they were half way to the trees when they heard a shout from the hamlet .
tr	O	整个地方都像威尔的运动包一样臭，但是 总的来说，他们没有遇到任何重大障碍。
tr	I	You wanted to stick to it and you 'd made a deal .
tr	O	我听到他呼吸了几口粗气，并且 然后他就扑向了我。
tr	O	我今天特意遮住了我的纹身，但是 感觉她像是直接看穿了它。
tr	O	我爬进后座，并且 麦肯齐对我微微一笑。
tr	O	我不知道你被告知了什么，但是有三个燃眉之急。
tr	I	Now I 'm still not , and I wasn 't enough for them the first time .
tr	I	Unfortunately you can 't because suddenly there 's a graph , but if that doesn 't interest you , you might like to skip this section !
tr	I	Trouble cost Brainerd money , and his greedy grin fell when Mr. Brainerd started in to complaining about the other laborers who were trying to cause trouble .
tr	O	他把腿甩到床边，并且她爬到他身后。
tr	O	我想要她赤身裸体，而且这就要发生了，就在这里，在这棵树下。
tr	O	那个竞技场很大，但是我以前从未去过这样的地方。
tr	I	She cheered him on when they were older and she soothed his brow when they were children .
tr	I	Another wood panel arose , and it shifted , shook .
tr	O	她甚至没有转身，知道除了萨姆，没有人会在未经她允许的情况下进入。
tr	O	她想摆脱这种感觉，而且她的沮丧使她变得具有攻击性。
tr	I	They went to the sitting room and when it whistled , she poured two cups .
tr	O	我的魔法变强了，并且我站得更直了。
tr	I	Her dagger found its mark , and she demonstrated for him .
tr	O	很痛，但是显然我运气很好。
tr	I	I did manage to open my eyes , but I wouldn 't say I woke up .
tr	O	罗里在她的头发上插了一些花，但是只有几朵雏菊塞进发髻里。
tr	O	我立刻认出了那个信封，并且我的心提到了嗓子眼。
tr	O	我们转过一个拐角，并且我听到了沉重的脚步声。
tr	O	莱拉的脸色变硬了，并且她猛地转过身来面对他。
tr	I	Her arms were wrapped inside the man 's grip but she tried to reach up to brace her fall .
tr	O	她知道一切，并且她明白了。
tr	I	Abby stopped her , but Rachel pivoted .
tr	O	我等着听到前门打开的声音，但是我什么也没听到。
tr	O	他又吻了她，并且她尝到了他的愉悦，正如她知道他也会尝到她的愉悦一样。
tr	I	She knew somehow they were , but they appeared no different either .
tr	O	艾雯猛地坐了起来，并且就在那一刻，整个高塔仿佛爆炸一般颤抖起来。
tr	O	我偷偷回头看了他几眼，并且他每次都对我微微一笑。
tr	I	Nothing improved , but this eased his suffering considerably .
tr	I	She didn 't shrink away , but she demanded .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it with his mouth on her , and she needed to think .
tr	O	他的脸色柔和了下来，并且他把一只手放在了她的肩上。
tr	O	她勉强笑了笑，带着几分自嘲，但是他没有加入。
tr	O	我们摄取血液，并且它滋养着我们。
tr	O	我的头痛已经消退了，但是我睡着了。
tr	I	It doesn 't , but I rub them , hoping it would ease the pain .
tr	I	Peter did not let go of my hand , but when the dance ended , we stepped apart .
tr	I	She whirled around and the door opened .
tr	O	最终的出价会在之后核实，并且女孩们会被移交给出价最高的人。
tr	O	毕竟，我时间不多了，并且如果我不吃点东西，下午会很难熬。
tr	O	我把手划过扫描仪，并且光芒褪色成炽热的深红色。
tr	O	她正在失去控制，并且此时，埃里克并不在意。
tr	I	Now she has this new guy and you 've seen her tears almost as much as me .
tr	O	她笑了，并且对我而言，她的牙齿似乎在阳光下闪闪发光。
tr	O	要么是那样，或者她就是少数知道吸血鬼存在于他们之中的人类之一。
tr	O	这很反常，并且如此离奇以至于里德无法开始猜测这些话语为何说出。
tr	O	克拉克太太熟悉的敲门声将他从沉思中惊醒，并且他打开门，以为会看到她那张不悦的脸。
tr	I	If I refused , Maximus could stay locked in this dungeon for centuries , but I 'd sooner face a firing squad than go there .
tr	I	If he ignores them they move on to the next person and they are odd little things .
tr	O	这本该是一个特殊的日子，并且它以如此糟糕的方式结束，以至于伊芙所能感受到的只有幻灭。
tr	O	她回家探亲很放松，并且没有人知道她有多紧张。
tr	I	He was calling a foul , and they were now in overtime .
tr	O	她的亿万富翁不喜欢听到拒绝的回答，并且这是她丝毫不在意的一次。
tr	O	她答应过要帮忙举办这个派对，并且她是一个信守承诺的人。
tr	I	There appeared to be no gravity and Bradley was wondering how they were supposed to go down if they were suspended in the air ?
tr	O	玛丽亚附和了她丈夫的立场，但是她射向儿子的指责目光带着只有母亲才能磨砺出的锋芒。
tr	O	当它真的发生时，萨姆冲向她，仿佛要把她撕成碎片，并且诺亚站了起来，以防万一。
tr	O	有些地方留下了别人歇脚的痕迹，并且他们最终找到了它。
tr	I	I disembarked with several other passengers , and the bus approached the Village Players Theater .
tr	O	每个俱乐部都有保镖，但是这些人看起来很可怕。
tr	O	你仔细规划你的行程，或者你就会走很多路。
tr	O	珍用笔指着我，并且直到现在我才意识到她在做笔记。
tr	I	She didn 't have access to the Internet , rendering it useless for their purpose , and Mrs. Dawson 's ancient computer was a dinosaur .
tr	I	He could feel the venomous blood slowly evaporating already , but he had a mind to make himself sick .
tr	O	这部剧提供了一个平台来讨论他们内心深处埋藏的这些问题，并且其中一些问题以愤怒的形式爆发出来。
tr	O	她感觉自己好像刚刚被送进了监狱，但是更糟的还在后面。
tr	I	He hated a mystery , always needing to uncover the truth of any situation and the pieces of the puzzle didn 't fit .
tr	O	我是这片充满机遇的土地上的一个陌生人，并且我利用了这种优势，这在巴黎是我绝不可能做到的。
tr	I	It will appear that you came out on your own , and I drove you here in your car .
tr	O	戴蒙呻吟得更响了，但是这次呻吟听起来不那么真诚。
tr	O	只有一个名字说得通，并且人们很少使用它。
tr	O	这里的景象是原始的脏乱不堪，并且局长派来的安全检查员很少在这里停留超过草草一看的时间。
tr	I	At least they were too unbalanced to risk a shot at him , but they came after him from three different directions .
tr	O	我摇了摇头，并且他笑了。
tr	I	In case we needed to make a quick escape from the mysterious fog and we packed everything we could into our two backpacks .
tr	O	我不得不反击，并且我知道那很愚蠢。
tr	O	寒意越来越冷，并且她把目光转向了鬼魂之前所在的地方。
tr	I	I was the outsider who needed to comfort her , and she was showing motherly concern .
tr	O	连接车厢的门开了，并且一位穿着制服的售票员走了进来。
tr	O	对于DC-3来说，这将是一个非常紧凑的空间，而且这将需要他所有的能力才能把它开进去。
tr	I	His robes would keep some semblance of cleanliness , and the water would not be so difficult to walk through then .
tr	O	她的眼睛瞪大了，并且她紧紧抓住他的手臂，足以留下淤青。
tr	O	我轻声说，但是我早已知道。
tr	I	It 's amazingly calm , but it isn 't absent .
tr	O	你把整个计划都寄托在刚离开的那两个人身上，而且你今天早上才刚见到他们。
tr	I	I do not love them , but I should be grateful for the part they have played .
tr	O	道路上有太多碎片，而且道路本身也正在被拆除。
tr	I	Heather left them this task , and those of the Red were far more competent in manning the engines of war .
tr	I	His warning glare told her this conversation was over but she opened her mouth .
tr	O	我知道这会非常伤害我，但是这次我很难去想别的事情！
tr	I	She gasped to see him so altered , and Jesse showed Ruby a little of that possibility , what he now knew in his heart .
tr	I	Yet she couldn 't bring herself to admit his father 's disapproval had tainted an otherwise successful day and she didn 't like lying to him .
tr	I	She was glad of it , and there were no cats near .
tr	O	我的双手紧握在身体两侧，但是我从未放慢脚步。
tr	O	他的电话又响了，并且他转身去接，没有等她回复。
tr	I	She would never abandon that , and all that was left for her was her pride .
tr	O	过去三十年里，她可能联系过我十几次，而且我到现在才终于回过头来找她。
tr	I	His eyes flashed to me and this seemed to intrigue him .
tr	I	I went back to my bedroom to get dressed and he hung up .
tr	O	他总有一天要解决这件事，他知道，但是他仍在理清他们婚姻的所有细节。
tr	O	我们大部分路程都默默地慢跑，并且我认真地思考了整个过敏问题。
tr	O	通常只要是素食，汤就是我能喝下去的一种东西，但是它的气味却让我的胃开始反抗。
tr	I	I don 't claim to be very good at it , but I love to bake .
tr	O	我感觉到他疯了，而且我想我妈妈也感觉到了。
tr	O	我对我的生活完全没有掌控权，然而我却像深水里的鱼一样快乐。
tr	I	He was a real snarky fellow and the boy 's name was Jerry .
tr	I	I decided I needed a cigarette and all the stuff going on before the wedding turned out to be pretty stressful .
tr	I	She described the children she would build for him and Chris described the house he would build for her .
tr	I	I didn 't think I could stand to see him , but I stopped in the middle of pulling on my gloves .
tr	I	I have risen rapidly in their ranks , and I 'm still new with this lot .
tr	I	Until they had pointed it out it seemed O.K. , and yes , he had said Herbert Hoover .
tr	I	She emailed back the same two words and he sent a short sentence every week .
tr	I	She has an older brother , and Elizabeth is also being raised by both her parents .
tr	O	他的膝盖疼痛，并且他的下背部也快要痉挛了。
tr	I	I grab his hand , halting him , but he turns .
tr	O	Colton 张开嘴想说话，但是另一股剧痛穿透了他的身体。
tr	O	我走过去想打他，但是我的手径直穿过了他。
tr	O	我弯下腰，并且她用双手捧住我的脸。
tr	I	Then I 'd miss that blush of hers , but guess I could 've put some clothes on .
tr	I	It takes everything in me not to kiss her , and her lips twist in a cute bow .
tr	O	我再次伸手去抓他，但是他向后退了一步。
tr	O	她是个小个子女人，勉强五英尺高，但是她身材苗条，有着运动员般流畅的优雅。
tr	I	It still felt as fresh as a June day and next week would be October .
tr	O	我如此突然地赶走他是不对的，但是贝恩是我最亲密的朋友。
tr	O	这景色显然更合他的胃口，并且他的笑容变得坦率而诱人。
tr	I	It showed , and no , these buildings were made of ordinary steel .
tr	O	他后退以拉开我们之间的距离，并且我不得不掩饰我的失望。
tr	O	我们赢了，但是战斗仍在继续。
tr	I	The next thing she knew , she felt his presence brush her mind , sending her into sleep , and he followed her into the living room .
tr	I	They already a children since last year , and the man lived in friendship with her after their marriage .
tr	I	He would give me onerous detail if I let him , but I felt bad about interrupting .
tr	O	他的双手捧着她的脸，并且他的眼睛与她的眼睛对视着。
tr	O	他等着她开口，但是安娜却不知道该说什么。
tr	O	走了，没有告别，只留下一张纸条在泥土里，但是他还活着。
tr	O	她的左手开始向艾莉亚的脸升起时，她变得更加紧张，但是她没有停下来。
tr	O	我同意霍莉那个愚蠢主意的那天就毁了我们的机会，而且现在我却要替她承担后果。
tr	I	Steep , wooded , dark green hills embraced the meadow on the other two sides , and the river bank was lined with ancient white birch trees .
tr	O	我们是，或者我们不是。
tr	O	每个人都受益了，并且约翰没有凯茜在身边也不再感到那么孤独了。
tr	I	He took a deep breath to regain his bearings and his booted feet hit the dirt with a thud .
tr	O	我们上次的谈话并不愉快，并且他从未回复我给他手机留下的信息。
tr	O	这是一个普通的珠宝盒，并且红色的珠宝静静地躺在柔软的丝绒上，在光线下闪闪发光。
tr	O	她脸上闪过一丝奇怪的表情，并且随后她斜睨了我一眼。
tr	O	他人生中某个阶段曾是个骄傲的男人，并且他努力在他目前生活困顿的状态中维持着他的骄傲。
tr	O	他这次的表情变得更加明显，并且我感到心跳加速。
tr	I	It was obvious she had magnificent taste and the wide windows opened to the street .
tr	O	星期六到了，并且营地变得空无一人。
tr	I	The creature pounced on him , and Eric took one more step .
tr	I	She was getting the hang of it , but you would have killed a robin if you hit it with her first loaf of seven grain bread .
tr	I	His feet became unsteady and he started to feel the heat from above .
tr	O	他把手放在她的大腿上，并且安德烈突然感觉不那么脆弱了。
tr	I	You never want to get up again couch and his long , white , comfortable , leather , sit down .
tr	O	我讨厌被控制，并且没人能打垮我。
tr	I	I was beyond answering , but I wanted to respond .
tr	I	The family had returned to the clinic and Akane had gone to get the fathers .
tr	O	他对她的问题感到惊讶，但是他本不应该感到惊讶的。
tr	O	嘴巴被切成了同样的向上弯曲，并且左眼睑被切掉，露出了大部分眼球。
tr	I	It was safe but it wasn 't comfortable .
tr	I	She simply waved me off with a flick of her fingers , but her dark eyes glittered dangerously .
tr	I	It struck her as familiar , but it was only a movement .
tr	O	他在他们到达她那层楼时问道，并且她微微颤抖了一下。
tr	I	She leaves no doubt it is her but she is not all the way back .
tr	I	His world was fiction and he was a writer .
tr	O	他指向左边，并且尼克朝着那个方向看去。
tr	I	I let him worry about me anyway , but other than fatigue , I felt fine .
tr	O	它被改造成了一家酒吧，并且它似乎是和任何地方一样好的会面地点。
tr	O	悍马停了下来，并且他把手放在我的膝盖上。
tr	I	It still offered me no guidance , but that might be a good sign .
tr	I	Then he furrowed his brow like he thought I was stupid , and his eyes met mine .
tr	I	The words had practically leapt out of her mouth , but she immediately wished she could take it back .
tr	O	他们已经散开了，并且另一个可能听到了我跳跃时的声音。
tr	O	成功的机会可能很小，但是这是他唯一的机会。
tr	O	他俯身向前，并且当她气息一滞时，他没有错认她黑眼睛里闪过的亮光。
tr	I	She catches them and I toss her the keys .
tr	I	She even didn 't notice when she got the first strike and Jonas was smiling frosty from every mirror she was looking at .
tr	I	Yet there are thoughts that arise to me unbidden , and I know only my mind , not any other .
tr	I	He even followed it up by shaking his head , and there was a stiff , disapproving edge to his gaze .
tr	O	我笑出声来，但是欧尼克斯并不觉得好笑。
tr	I	The harrowing smirk flashed across the ashen visage , and the bold question sparked a glint of anatomy in the cobalt eyes .
tr	I	He took a deep breath and Acid scalded Alejo 's stomach .
tr	O	他的目光被她大腿间的黑色卷发吸引了过去，并且他的口水因渴望品尝她而流了下来。
tr	I	He also didn 't make a habit of going after them , but Daemon didn 't shy away from human females .
tr	I	Olive hovered near him , and Neil sat down beside it .
tr	O	我几乎说不出话来，但是他却不知怎么地理解了我。
tr	I	There were stones all over the ground , but I did not have my gun anymore .
tr	O	你不知道这件事，并且这不该由你承担。
tr	I	It 's all my mother can do to keep us upright and the atmosphere is bashing us around .
tr	O	我已经为此摸索了相当长的时间，但是这个，这个就是缺失的那一块。
tr	I	There was food cooking on the stove , and their stuff was still there , though .
tr	O	又是一阵长时间的沉默，但是接着那个男性的声音又回来了。
tr	I	There was nothing immature in her expression but she was young .
tr	I	The flip-top gave way , and it hit the wall .
tr	I	It was hard for me not to eat with gusto , especially since the food was so delicious but I wondered if I should eat more daintily .
tr	O	我努力保持表情平静，但是内心里我却在尖叫。
tr	O	我对此类事情知之甚少，但是随着他的动作，我屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	吉妮耸了耸肩，并且唐尼也倾向于赞同。
tr	I	A muscle was jumping in the line of his jaw and his shoulders were set .
tr	I	She gave a quick nod , but the look on Rose 's face showed she felt as completely unprepared for that as I was .
tr	O	一绺头发垂落在他的额头上，并且他把它拂了回去。
tr	O	柯林只能拍到那个三十多岁的人的背影，但是艾米·霍尔特的脸却清晰可见。
tr	I	I thought I saw stains on the blade and I sneaked a look at it one time .
tr	I	He looks sad , but he smiles .
tr	I	The sound carries forever , and shakes the whole envelope .
tr	I	He knew she was going to come again by the way she tightened up around him and the scent of her arousal marked the air .
tr	O	我们是按小时收费的，而且它可能会变得很贵。
tr	O	亚伦的表情充满了震惊，但是它转为了愤怒。
tr	O	“普罗透斯”号做了一个漫长而大幅度的转弯，并且现在那堵墙看起来约一百英尺远。
tr	O	布恩放声大笑，并且我确切地知道为什么。
tr	I	Small children showed their parents little souvenirs they had bought in the Cathedral gift shop and Ladies in fine hats sat close together , gossiping .
tr	I	Even if I had been , she didn 't give me the chance , but I wasn 't sure how to reply .
tr	I	I figured I could just add that to my massive list of questions , but he still hadn 't explained how he 'd known about me .
tr	O	这几乎难以察觉，但是她偏了偏头。
tr	O	我走到一边，并且她走了进来。
tr	I	The people within the caves changed often , but Aria did not know who they were .
tr	O	他显然有一个最终目的，而且我不想参与其中。
tr	O	凯琳走进来的那一刻，她的心防已经筑起，但是我能看出有些不对劲。
tr	I	Soul looked past him to see why and his eyes were narrowed in confusion .
tr	I	I 'd have been none the wiser , and you could have gone back to Dallas .
tr	I	I nodded , and my mouth went dry .
tr	O	几个天然通道从洞室向外延伸，并且一架小绳梯悬挂在裂缝底部，以方便向上攀爬。
tr	O	他的眼睛眯了起来，但是他一言不发。
tr	O	我本想再给他一蹄子，逼他开口说话，但是人声越来越近了。
tr	O	蕾妮叹了口气，但是马丁热情地点了点头。
tr	I	They had extra long cables , and with their old car it was a good idea to carry jumper cables .
tr	I	They headed for the door and he turned off the tablet .
tr	O	这名青年的头骨塌陷，并且他的大脑挤了出来。
tr	O	她挑起了那个吻，并且费罗斯情不自禁地将其变成了一场激情的体验。
tr	I	There was chaos all over the city and the LA Riots started late April 1992 .
tr	I	Now the light was freaking killing me , but I 'd been blissfully sleeping moments before .
tr	O	荣誉而非沉溺支撑了他漫长的几个世纪，并且这是他唯一能提供给她的东西。
tr	O	他的身体已损毁得无法修复，并且他紧抓着仅存的一丝生命。
tr	O	我要确保她得到它，并且接着我要去找出谁对她做了这事。
tr	O	我倒吸了一口气，并且他把手指放到了嘴唇上。
tr	O	又一个大浪打来，并且她再次向后踉跄。
tr	I	Grant appeared momentarily at the opening and the door to the plane opened .
tr	O	他试图弥补，但是他的平衡感不足以跟上。
tr	I	He took a seat on the other end , and I sat down on the couch .
tr	O	这些人看起来过得很好，并且她不想吓到他们。
tr	I	I would soon be 49 , and Doug would be turning 54 in a couple months .
tr	O	你必须了解案件的每一个细节和如何对其进行包装，才能让事情按你想要的方式发展。
tr	O	我曾经认为，当人们坠入爱河时，他们只是顺其自然，并且事后他们别无选择。
tr	O	很多时候她都向团队成员否认过，但是确定的死亡总会迫使情感浮出水面。
tr	O	很少有难民跟她说话，并且他们不愿回答她的问题。
tr	I	It was nearly a half-hour drive back to the castle , and we had just left the docks .
tr	O	我好奇另一名士兵在哪里，但是当我看到他被肢解的身体靠在一棵树上时，我的问题得到了解答。
tr	O	这正是温丁族在紧急情况下强行穿过厚珊瑚时所说的话，并且现在说出来感觉很对。
tr	I	He would be trapped and if she heard something , she could call the police .
tr	I	William saw her startlingly bright green eyes focus on him and the woman looked up .
tr	O	一个我一直玩的游戏，因为人们期望我这么做，并且我擅长做人们期望的事情。
tr	O	因为房间不平坦，我避开了一个群体，但是我不能抛弃我的兄弟们。
tr	O	我拼命想跑，但是我的腿像木头一样，僵硬如柱。
tr	O	找出一些你们软弱无力的娈童神父，并且他们会同意。
tr	I	The thought of more victims arriving to be exterminated , but it had not been the cold which had sent a shiver down Meyer 's spine .
tr	O	他们还说有一个谣言，说那位王子——也就是国王——娶了一位公爵的女儿，但是他们不确定自己是否相信。
tr	I	No form is unchangeable ; then the universe is always full of new opportunities ; and if nothing exists entirely on it 's own .
tr	I	The family is far too distraught to notice us but I look around the room .
tr	O	哈特那时以为他抓住了她，但是他一直是个傻瓜。
tr	O	她回到她的椅子上，并且她的眼中可能闪烁着泪光。
tr	O	我很高兴她能出门，但是现在我宁愿付出一切来得到那个Ruby缓冲区。
tr	O	岩石以参差不齐的拱形高耸着，但是它们的形状没有一个看起来眼熟。
tr	O	我就是我，但是我想我需要见她。
tr	O	那些人笑了，但是瑞尔姆挪了过去。
tr	O	窗帘没有打开，而且房间仍然很暗，尽管当时是下午早些时候。
tr	I	The trackers were hard after my family but I wish otherwise .
tr	O	他的眉头依然紧锁，但是他把那块石头扔进了一个后备箱。
tr	I	A few moments later , he was standing above the freshly tilled earth , and he shouldered the wind .
tr	I	She didn 't try to help him either , but she didn 't move to attack my friend .
tr	I	No one else knows , but the kids know .
tr	I	Carter was glad it was so , and no other human presence was there .
tr	I	Then his mouth covered hers , kissing away any further response , and his arms circled her waist , squeezing her just as tightly .
tr	I	He still thought he was seventeen most of the time and he was rarely serious .
tr	I	Henry 's eyes danced when he told of her last letter , and she was the source of immense pride .
tr	I	We 'll need to check it often and T is a large wound on her back .
tr	O	他闪身躲开，而且它爆发成数千个燃烧的火花，这些火花像它们爆炸一样迅速熄灭了。
tr	O	他不记得以前见过那张海报，但是它的一些地方显得异常熟悉。
tr	O	阿莱娜对医学知之甚少，但是那些伤口看起来不太严重。
tr	O	他已经说明了他想要什么，而且我知道我必须尊重这一点。
tr	I	It was a little bit nicer , with the exception of her insane roommate , but Trish 's apartment wasn 't as large as mine .
tr	I	It collided with a bolt of electricity that was heading right toward me and he had another one to follow .
tr	O	卢克的嗓音很坚定，并且我跟着他出了房间，在走出去之前停下来回头看了看床。
tr	I	He coughed uncomfortably , hoping Caroline would change the subject and judging by Lady Hutchinson 's expression , his light-hearted remarks were not appreciated .
tr	I	Then she 'd swayed up to look frantically for Rodrigo , and she 'd kept up her resuscitation efforts until paramedics came .
tr	O	他们不确定发生了什么，并且并没有出现我所期待的那种拼命冲向门口的举动。
tr	O	她喜欢在酒店工作，而且她已经在这里交到了一些好朋友。
tr	I	I hope that 's not for you , and that 's not for me , Milton .
tr	I	No harm had been done in borrowing him for the rescue , and it was a relief to know he was back with her .
tr	I	Of course he knew it was , and he wondered a moment if this lowly , backbreaking work was continued punishment for his attempted mutiny .
tr	O	她的心跳加速，并且她的狼在等待中来回踱步。
tr	O	我皱眉看着他，不明白他是什么意思，并且接着我明白了。
tr	O	他们的纪律荡然无存，并且他们混乱地散到房间的每个角落。
tr	I	She knew it and her brothers ' drowning was completely her fault .
tr	I	I started to realize I 'd been quick to judge him , like everyone else had me , and he 'd scored a lot of them tonight .
tr	I	They were soft , but her tits were not only on the generous side .
tr	O	他仍然没有生她的气，但是他能感觉到自己的反应并没有将这个信息传达给这个甜美、惊恐的女人。
tr	O	愧疚感再次袭来，并且我挣脱开来。
tr	O	他咯咯地笑，并且我慢慢地松了一口气。
tr	I	That was because they revealed only as much of the project to her as she needed to see , but she didn 't know .
tr	O	我以为电视上是那样的，但是它不是。
tr	O	他每分钟都感觉自己更像意大利人，并且他需要咖啡因。
tr	O	你是我生命中遇到过的最诚实、最棒的人，并且你总是在我身边。
tr	O	她的呼吸停滞了，并且她把目光移开了，甚至更害怕她被他吸引的程度，胜过他问题的答案。
tr	I	This time , he held her in place , and frowning , he set her away from him .
tr	I	I was caught exactly in the middle , and the cliques had formed within a day .
tr	I	I loved leaving him wanting more of me , but I knew it wasn 't nice to do .
tr	I	He could do well without it and this bordered on worship .
tr	I	The prognosis on compound fractures never looked good , but Nina hoped that the guy 's arm would heal eventually .
tr	O	他的呼吸加深了，并且他的下巴收紧了。
tr	O	他紧紧地抱着我，然而某种程度上，我能从他的肌肉中感觉到他所看到的一切带来的解脱。
tr	I	Ben looked up , a smile on his lined face and Tom approached .
tr	O	其他人被吹到了一边，但是你却飞了起来。
tr	I	It must have fallen out during the fight ... but he tried to grapple for his flashlight tucked in his vest .
tr	O	他伸手去够腰间的石碑，但是那个生物，察觉到虚弱，已经扑向了他，伸出它长着爪子的手。
tr	O	我没有料到这一点，但是我想我应该料到的。
tr	O	大卫要了一杯水，并且泽维尔给他倒了一杯水。
tr	I	Keeping his identity secret was the least of his worries , but he knew how .
tr	I	His steps were leaden as he walked away , and Fade didn 't glance in my direction .
tr	O	我知道你想吃薯片，并且你如果吃了，午饭就吃不下了。
tr	O	我不安地挪动了一下，但是至少它们没有朝相反方向滑动。
tr	I	Some part of her actually hoped it would and she couldn 't promise that wouldn 't happen .
tr	I	He shoots Seth a death glare and Luke 's head whips in his direction .
tr	O	我抓住他的手臂，但是他挣脱了，把手臂伸进水里，接着是头。
tr	O	他观察它们以确定它们前进的方向，并且然后他做了他一生中最聪明的事情。
tr	O	他从不退缩，并且他从不感到尴尬。
tr	O	他本应是个后起之秀，并且他没有让人失望。
tr	I	He ordered a drink before McKenzie could tell the woman he wouldn 't be staying long and the waitress came up .
tr	O	房间已经明显变凉了，并且我的手臂上起了鸡皮疙瘩。
tr	O	汉娜只瞥见它一眼，因为它匆匆跑进了树林，但是她觉得那可能是一只臭鼬。
tr	I	Then thought I at least owed him an apology , but I 'd intended on fleeing out the back door .
tr	O	我的家人正在挣扎，并且那就是我的重心。
tr	O	贝恩一直陪伴在她身边，并且她不会忘记他的威胁。
tr	O	在亚历克的问题上，他也沉迷于权力，并且她承受了他阴谋的冲击。
tr	I	Things were going to work out the way they should and I wanted to pretend , just for a little while , that everything was normal .
tr	I	You had to have your own cup , but vendors were happy to pour you what you wanted .
tr	O	你自首，或者你的孩子就会死。
tr	O	我知道你想要复仇，但是你不应该独自面对这种情况。
tr	I	I didn 't turn to Kira , but I thought I heard a sound from behind me .
tr	I	Hope someone will show up , obviously no one is going to and we can 't just wait .
tr	I	Jake refused , but I wanted to go back right then .
tr	O	艾玛拉下了头巾，并且它掉到了她的脖子上。
tr	I	Suzy put her hand over his , stilling his movement and Gray 's finger against her sensitive nub was now almost torture .
tr	I	Then she had a moment of clarity , and she pondered these things .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure how to start , but there was no better time than now to say it .
tr	I	The others might not know it , but Dorian had explained that to Luke .
tr	O	他微笑着退了回去，并且她听到他向詹姆斯低语着女人有多么不讲道理。
tr	I	The two brothers were overcome with pain , their minds becoming lost , and the vase shattered into a million pieces .
tr	I	Maybe , maybe , Becca 's right on one count , but it 's too much to think about him right now .
tr	I	Garrett was already gone , but Griffin was laughing as he made the call .
tr	I	The hand wrapped around mine tightened reassuringly , but his smile faltered .
tr	I	It was clear he was in pain but Vincent tried to shake off the blow .
tr	O	寂静再次降临，仅被滴水声打断，并且那高亢的哀嚎声又开始了。
tr	I	You don 't have to be and you 're kind to me .
tr	I	The doors opened and the elevator stopped .
tr	I	I wanted her looking to me for them and I saw her looking to him for answers .
tr	I	They 'd tried to reclaim him ever since , and they 'd found out that Brett had survived .
tr	I	Presents exploded and Christmas lights began to pop .
tr	I	The people pour inside , and I open both Bridge doors .
tr	O	当它足够大时，他们的等离子推进器点火了，并且他们走了过去。
tr	O	她尊敬莱缪尔，并且她并不怕他……太多。
tr	I	I work the same job I 've had for years , and I live in a garage behind my mother 's house .
tr	O	阿伦哭了，并且她的声音带上了一丝恐惧的意味。
tr	O	他踢出一脚，把她用来保持平衡的脚从她身下扫开，并且她向后倒去，重重地摔在屁股上。
tr	I	You annoy me now , and you annoyed me before .
tr	O	我不知道她是怎么知道的，但是我相信了她。
tr	O	那吓坏了她，但是她也说不出为什么。
tr	O	街道为即将到来的节日装饰着，并且闪烁的灯光照亮了场景。
tr	I	The sun is dipping fast and I have not killed a meal for us .
tr	O	被迫依靠马克斯·佩斯提供建议并非完全令人安慰，但是根本没有其他人可以求助。
tr	O	我听到了可怕的谣言，但是那不可能是真的！
tr	I	Her teeth are jagged yellow fangs , and she grins .
tr	I	I wrap my arms around his neck , pulling him closer to me and my concentration shatters .
tr	I	His breathing grew faster as he pulled the bra apart and he undid the snap between my breasts .
tr	I	My hand shoots up and a hand knocks against the side of my head .
tr	O	克里斯塔尔在我右边，并且加尔文在我左边。
tr	O	她有些非常奇怪的地方，而且我想也许我们都应该尽力查明那到底是什么。
tr	I	It was over in an instant , and they were cold from her diet soda .
tr	I	It felt right , but it surprised me .
tr	O	该死，你把我弄得很惨，并且我为你神魂颠倒。
tr	O	它没有完全碰到他的嘴唇，但是他的眼睛里充满了善意。
tr	O	没有阳，阴仍然是有史以来最强大的狼人，但是有了阳，阴就是完美。
tr	I	Slung his rucksack from shoulder to ground , and Walter walked to the base of the cliff , where the sun cast a deep shadow .
tr	I	There was no doubt about that and she had a crush on Thomas .
tr	I	I don 't say it , but I nod my head .
tr	O	布尔向他们做了说明，并且苏西立刻崩溃了。
tr	O	仅仅想到我爱的那个男孩，我的眼睛就闪闪发光，我的脸颊也泛红了。
tr	I	He didn 't waste time raging against the kidnapper , and he didn 't respond to the Rev 's rebuke .
tr	I	It wears off quick , but you may be warm now .
tr	O	他迅速地把它喝下，并且颜色涌上他的皮肤。
tr	O	我还瞥见了他腹部的一个纹身，并且我暗自记下稍后要问起。
tr	I	A tiny seed of love for him always remained , but she 'd tried countless times to vanquish the feelings .
tr	O	委员会六天没有见我，并且梅丽尔也没有来看我。
tr	I	All he could think of was keeping his sister alive , and it had been snowing that night too .
tr	O	地板似乎从他脚下坠落，并且视野开阔了。
tr	O	主演登上了舞台，并且人群在我们周围挤了进来。
tr	O	我再次走向栅栏，但是一声女人的尖叫声传到我耳边。
tr	O	我确信我们有观众，但是我不在乎，因为我靠向她，迫使她靠在巴士墙上。
tr	O	一旦他们把鲨鱼从我身上弄开，疼痛就又回来了，并且我失去了知觉。
tr	I	They loosened and she felt his fingers on the ties .
tr	I	He sidestepped into her path , and she attempted to pass him .
tr	I	A light shone from his eyes that hadn 't been there a few moments ago and his smile increased .
tr	I	We still miss her , every day , and those were nine precious years to us .
tr	O	他手的感觉在她手臂上传来一股甜蜜的电流，并且这让她想起她差点就让德里克吻了她。
tr	I	The boys were watching a movie in the playroom , and Mike sat beside her on the couch playing an online computer game .
tr	O	我没有意识到他提到她时看起来有多么放松和可爱。
tr	I	She was no more ready for him now , and she had been totally unprepared for Schuyler Kimball a week ago .
tr	O	所有的欢呼声立刻安静了下来，并且我再次站起来，双手的手指放在嘴边。
tr	I	Voices carried out and we were almost to the driveway when the front door opened .
tr	I	She knew it , and not many had what she had .
tr	O	这听起来像是一场政客的演讲，并且连我都知道那些通常会有什么结果。
tr	I	I caught it and she tossed it to me .
tr	O	我试图挣脱他的束缚，但是他把我拉得更近。
tr	I	As I watched his movements , I finally understood what Katie saw in him , and Brandon took another step towards Greyson .
tr	I	The interaction was identical to their first , and it happened the day of Alyssa 's death at the community gardens .
tr	O	她已经尽力了，但是它就是行不通。
tr	O	尼尔早上太紧张了，无法听从那个建议，但是他还是直奔他的床而去。
tr	I	He would try just the same , but he might die trying .
tr	O	他突然在他所背负的重压下踉跄了一下，并且他的头转向我，仿佛被磁铁吸引。
tr	I	Nothing was what it seemed , yet we were just getting started .
tr	I	Then he seemed as sane as could be , and first the man seemed as crazy as a bedbug .
tr	O	吉赛尔曾称他为她的犹大，但是她却从未说出他的名字。
tr	O	也许他们想吃人，但是他们却总是先被踩到。
tr	I	No one , even his nosy kin , had any say in it whatsoever and their Claiming was their Claiming .
tr	O	他当然指的是装修……，但是一想到他可能指的是更私人的事情，她那颗愚蠢的心就怦怦直跳。
tr	O	她想说他想听的话，但是她却不确定那是什么。
tr	O	甚至爱因斯坦也知道那无法被证明，但是他却仍然相信它。
tr	I	There was an underlying vulnerability lurking beneath the surface , but he was so self-contained , so controlled .
tr	O	莱利撕开胶带，并且伽姆肖闪身进入了公寓。
tr	I	He saw Petra standing there and before he had time to worry , the cabin door opened .
tr	O	一间小型储藏小屋矗立在几棵高大的树木之间，并且莉亚大步径直走向它，拖着沙恩在她身后。
tr	O	他走到他的手推车旁，并且文森特开始装他的包。
tr	O	然后我们躺在那里，并且我任由时间流逝。
tr	I	I had been brutally , cruelly betrayed and I had given up everything for him .
tr	I	It satisfies my sweet tooth , but it 's stale like those pre-packaged cookies that sit on the shelf for months .
tr	I	It 's killing me , and I don 't know what !
tr	O	我的头依然发晕，并且我的双腿发软。
tr	I	The sun was his only method of navigation and Everything looked the same in all directions .
tr	I	He says he 's in love with me , but I may not be in love with Ryan .
tr	O	这个念头几乎是低语，但是它的力量震撼了凯特琳。
tr	O	我无法解释它，但是你明白。
tr	O	每端四扇谷仓门中的三扇仍然能用，并且第四扇被永久性地密封在关闭位置。
tr	I	Greg was barely better , and the men were twitchy .
tr	I	He knew it and I had questions .
tr	I	He stormed out of the salon , but Finn shot Owen another hot glare .
tr	I	She stood atop a cliff shaking a canteen , and she never left .
tr	I	What she read just confused her and she 'd been reading entirely too much .
tr	O	这似乎有点过头了，但是这就是整个情况。
tr	O	布莱恩催促她坐到椅子上，并且她坐下了。
tr	I	Jaxon found she could lie beside him without fear , and its fragrance was soothing .
tr	O	她停下来看，而且乔也停了下来。
tr	O	声音不一样了，并且脾气暴躁的人胸前还背着一些额外的行李。
tr	I	Eventually you 'll get pinned against the Boomerang Forest , and if you flee north , you 'll end up back in the Quiet Wood .
tr	O	他集中注意力，并且他哼着歌。
tr	I	Buttercup seemed to know how much I needed her , and I was so lonely .
tr	O	我伸出手，并且他很不情愿地握了握。
tr	I	His heart beat faster , and he spotted four of the king 's Silver , guarding the entry .
tr	O	像这样精美的书籍正在这些基督教社区中制作，而且所有人都被邀请加入这个新信仰。
tr	I	I could tell that Cooper had crafted them with the same care he did everything else he made , and they were all beautiful .
tr	I	The Captain returned to his ship and by midmorning the planning was complete .
tr	O	她先走进电梯，并且他跟了进去。
tr	O	湖面上有点薄雾，并且旁边树林里有些鸟开始吵闹起来。
tr	O	她用自认为柔和的声音说话，但是法官却没有平静下来。
tr	I	I peeked around the edge of that door to assess my competition , and the door to the hall was open .
tr	I	This accentuates mistakes , and Cricket once told me that when you 're tall , your center of balance is also higher .
tr	O	它们不是很清楚，并且我不知道你为什么会有这种感觉。
tr	O	你奶奶是只狼，而且狼是不会记仇的。
tr	I	We left , and Juliet linked her arm with mine .
tr	O	我现在可能不太舒服，但是至少它没有要我的命。
tr	I	I knew it was a knife , but I saw only the flash of silver as he jumped up from his seat .
tr	O	娜塔莉知道发生了什么，但是其他人都不知道。
tr	I	All her worrying was for nothing , and as it turned out , Ronan was right , as usual .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure where to go next and now he was at the junction with the A4 .
tr	I	Despite my desperation , it seemed I broke through to him , but by that time , I was beginning to sound really desperate .
tr	O	他的眼睛闪烁着，并且她气哼哼地呼出一口气。
tr	O	对方安静下来时我笑了，并且我看了看手机，确认通话已中断。
tr	O	她把头依偎在他的臂弯里，并且随着心跳放缓，她感到自己变得昏昏欲睡。
tr	I	None of the men showed fear , and he showed no fear at all .
tr	I	My mind is a blank , but I recognise the name vaguely .
tr	O	远处火把闪耀，并且鼓点在紧张的期待浪潮中愈发逼近。
tr	O	她试图睁开眼睛，但是它们不肯配合。
tr	O	她试图尖叫，但是没有发出任何声音。
tr	I	He didn 't quite meet her in the eye as he said , Used to and this time , his lips curved .
tr	I	He wanted her to share it with him , and because this was an important moment in his life .
tr	I	It is pushing me deeper , and Water is heavy like sand .
tr	I	My mother told me he called three times , and I slept until noon yesterday .
tr	I	It would certainly give them a better chance of avoiding prison , but it wasn 't a lot on which to hang their hope .
tr	I	My fry defense quickly fell , and the table vibrated .
tr	I	Now he realised this decision was absolute , but he 'd been certain this was what he wanted .
tr	I	He gets in , and I unlock the door .
tr	O	他看不到萨提尔，但是他能听到它们离路径不远。
tr	I	I am you looking back at me and I am the amber eye looking at you .
tr	O	他正坐在后肢上，并且亨利只能想象，如果他站起来，他大约会有七英尺高。
tr	I	Then the door slammed with a crash that rattled the house , and we heard her climb the steps to the upstairs bedroom .
tr	O	天气开始有点凉爽，并且变得相当多云。
tr	O	现在很难说出这一点，但是这也许是最好的结果。
tr	O	他对橙汁没意见，但是桑德拉早上没有咖啡就无法工作。
tr	O	是他邀请我上去的，并且是他主动采取行动的。
tr	O	黑色的卷发爬上他的脖子，并且我看到了一小片他被晒黑的脸颊。
tr	O	她站了起来，当布莱克和他的随从站起来时。
tr	I	Then his head cleared , and he felt a wave of intense dizziness .
tr	O	她将近九岁了，并且她很漂亮。
tr	O	他挣扎着去看，但是那首歌分散了他的注意力。
tr	I	The bus driver closed the doors and Jason climbed the stairs behind me .
tr	O	在那里某个地方有一个待提出的重大哲学问题，并且奥格显然希望安东妮娅提出这个问题。
tr	I	One act , one miniscule moment without valor , to destroy everything you 've ever stood for but it takes .
tr	O	我审视他的内心，并且我看到了他的疑虑。
tr	I	He could feel his fang teeth snap out , and Simon was making a noise low in his own throat , a sort of vampire hiss .
tr	I	Her head jerked around , her eyes opening , and the word echoed sharply in Rachel 's mind .
tr	I	She met him stroke for stroke , tasting him , and he stroked his tongue along her own .
tr	I	There is some kind of black mist beneath the bridge , but I can 't see what is beyond the castle .
tr	I	The shadows eventually grew to encompass it , but # Time passed slowly in the camp .
tr	I	There were suddenly two people whom he was now very keen to dispose of , yet good Lord , he 'd never considered resorting to murder before .
tr	I	Slowly he lowered his hand , and there was another little chirp .
tr	I	You can keep yours but she will change her name back to Winters from Peters .
tr	O	他的腿撞到了床边，并且他弯下身子，把我紧紧抱在怀里。
tr	I	Janelle blinked , but the gray spiral on the floor seemed to twist for a second .
tr	O	我抬头看着亚瑟，并且他又亲了亲我的鼻子。
tr	I	I heard a distinctly male voice telling us to come in and he knocked .
tr	O	马耳他有40万人，并且其中一半住在瓦莱塔。
tr	I	I wasn 't in the mood to tell her what had happened , and Ava was gone when I 'd crept out of Persephone 's room .
tr	I	When Georgie took a shower , the water ran rainbows , and he kept a set of Prismacolor markers by his bed .
tr	O	我发出一声低吼，并且这让我从睡梦中清醒过来，意识到我没有在做梦。
tr	O	一记响亮的耳光摇晃着我肩上的头，并且我眨了眨眼睁开。
tr	O	这可能没有帮助，但是它也可能有用。
tr	I	He grabbed it , but I began to lower my hand .
tr	O	她很好，但是他们刚才说……哦，我的天啊。
tr	O	她在窗帘后面、衣柜角落里和草垫下面发现了她曾经拥有过的每一个小玩具。
tr	O	两个男人装完了马车，并且萨特放下了尾板。
tr	I	After she was finished with Brady , she was never giving it back to Hayden , and it was Liz 's favorite chair in the whole building .
tr	O	马库斯看起来很困惑，并且我记得他不知道全部历史。
tr	O	我当然已经有所怀疑，但是他与阿黛尔的生活让我着迷。
tr	I	It was probably not all that long before I first stumbled onto The Brotherhood , but nobody knows when it happened .
tr	I	I have to warn you , but it isn 't that far .
tr	O	她的手本来就做得比她们应做的更多了，并且她知道她需要雇人给她们做饭。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what to think about this , but I trusted Fang .
tr	I	Keeping the manuscript open , carefully carried it from the room , and the scribe hastily blotted the page he had been working on .
tr	I	My own reaction is very straightforward , but I could bore you with a lot of projected scenarios which could be manipulated if we were to proceed .
tr	I	That instinct had never let him down yet and Simon tended to go with his gut on big decisions .
tr	I	She hits the last button and she shakes her head .
tr	O	她在我面前举起石头，给我看，并且笑容在她脸上蔓延开来。
tr	O	他是我的支配者，并且我是他的顺从者。
tr	I	He could swear it was there , but it was purely a mental illusion .
tr	I	He smiled , stroking her hair for a moment , and she nodded .
tr	I	Then it evaporated into the air above her head , and the fire warped her skin immediately , too thin to do anything else .
tr	O	新鲜空气击中我，好像，并且我欢迎它。
tr	O	他们中足有三分之一的人通常会在这个时间睡觉，但是他们不想错过这一刻。
tr	I	He had to get his head clear , but he should go to her .
tr	O	提比略等了一秒钟，看有没有反对意见，但是没有任何异议出现。
tr	I	The wall was behind her , but she tried to back away .
tr	I	He looked terrified , and he had my food .
tr	O	特拉珀以为他妈妈会很生气，但是她反而说她为他感到非常骄傲。
tr	O	查理没有完全把手机掉下去，但是他差一点就掉下去了。
tr	I	Then , without further hesitation , she accepted , and Isis looked at his palm .
tr	I	She hadn 't been to bed yet , and it was almost nine in the morning .
tr	O	我惊恐地张口抗议，但是她阻止了我。
tr	O	布鲁克斯喊了些什么，但是雅各布斯不予理会。
tr	I	She doesn 't let anybody use it , but they got a phone inside behind the bar .
tr	I	A night on the town appealed to him , and there could well be a reason to celebrate .
tr	I	She raised her eyebrows , and I looked at Kim .
tr	O	嗯，我确信他们也很好奇，但是他们是在替坎迪打量我。
tr	O	他没有详细说明，但是刘易斯很快补充说明了。
tr	O	约翰呻吟了一声，并且莎拉看得出来他不太高兴。
tr	O	她能理解花朵，因为她在她的地下家里种了一些，但是她对薄荷一无所知。
tr	I	Logan waved me off , but I tried to protest .
tr	I	I do not know , and I have heard the tale told in a hundred halls by a thousand tongues .
tr	O	杰克一言不发地看向那个男孩，并且一种平静感涌上心头。
tr	I	Neither of us , in our naive selfishness , could bear such a thought , and they wanted us separated .
tr	O	艾玛不能告诉她真相，而且所有的谎言让她们之间的距离变得难以逾越。
tr	I	Her behavior was erratic , and I couldn 't have any time to myself .
tr	O	对她感情的恐惧会让她逃跑，但是他却愿意等她。
tr	O	诺埃尔知道他所说的话，但是她花了数秒才将其理解。
tr	O	尼克原本期待的是一个男人，但是他不以为意地耸了耸肩。
tr	I	They exchanged grins and Quil nudged Embry 's arm .
tr	I	She took a step back , pulling me with her , and Beth let out a smal gasp .
tr	I	It was stolen from him and I told him to bury it deep so no one would ever find it that could use it .
tr	O	这是一个可悲的事实，但是除了我们自己，我们不知道能信任谁。
tr	I	I quickly saw why , and the soldiers wore caps like the Judaic do .
tr	I	He doesn 't believe in me , but he knows Bobby didn 't write that list on his own .
tr	O	他的两处伤口都没有严重出血，但是他感到自己因极度疲惫而颤抖。
tr	O	她似乎是个小辣椒，但是他一点也不介意。
tr	O	鸟儿们疯狂地鸣唱着，并且气温仍然很舒适，大概在七十多度。
tr	I	I couldn 't get away fast enough and I know Greg did it only because I 'm the smallest one on the line .
tr	O	朱利安一直握着她的手，并且他没有注意到她发烧了。
tr	I	Her aim was steady as she punched him squarely in the chest , but Kira 's breathing was labored .
tr	I	Yet , she couldn 't find it in her heart to blame him and he was the reason for this pretense .
tr	O	妮可拉跟了上来，还在吸着鼻子，但是她还是跟了上来。
tr	O	艾丹的笑声是我们之间的一种震颤，但是他继续吻着我，而他的手也落下来帮助我的手。
tr	O	我们不是一个容易融入的社区，但是那些成功融入的人都是比他们自己更宏大事物的一部分。
tr	O	人们喜欢想象他们可以自由选择自己的生活，但是贝丝已经明白选择有时是虚幻的。
tr	O	他外面湿透了，并且她内心湿透了。
tr	O	他们没有看路，并且一个男孩差点撞上我们。
tr	O	那些男人走了，但是那个胖子仍然留在他们离开他的地方。
tr	I	We could see that the photo had been taken on February 14th 2004 and a new panel opened up .
tr	I	I thought she might pass out , and Marcus patted her on the back .
tr	O	马格努斯心不在焉地问道，仍然看着威尔，并且泰晤士河上的灯光在他身后闪烁着。
tr	O	这是一个吓唬孩子的故事，但是外面那个东西是真的。
tr	O	她一直问我是谁，但是我不知道。
tr	O	他的名字是德斯蒙德，并且他住在维拉诺瓦。
tr	I	I so little , and Plus , Orpheus knew so much about it .
tr	O	门咔哒一声关上了，并且实验室总算是安静了。
tr	I	It snagged a few inches down and her fingers fumbled with the zipper .
tr	I	He forced himself to stop and his knee began to bounce .
tr	O	她的名字是杰西卡，并且我已经迷恋上她了。
tr	I	Calvin set his watch alarm ten minutes earlier and Mike told them what time to be back .
tr	I	I hadn 't even met them yet , and I couldn 't stand his parents .
tr	I	Walt wasn 't taking chances and it sounded very suspicious .
tr	I	A distinct laughter rose above the rest and bold male laughter bounced around the classroom .
tr	I	I kept it from moving an inch , but he again tried to close the door .
tr	O	我们享受这一小时，并且 一切似乎又恢复正常了。
tr	O	一切都在旋转，并且 我无法站立。
tr	I	The blade slid back into the weapon , and Alyosha pressed the extrusion on the staff .
tr	I	She marched the rest of the way over to his desk , snapping the plastic card down on the dark wood and her spine stiffened .
tr	O	我们终于到达了高度，并且 嗡嗡声平静下来了。
tr	O	没有宵禁，因为无处可去，但是 派对室在十点钟关闭了。
tr	O	那份甜蜜立刻击中了他，并且 他愉悦地呻吟起来。
tr	I	I 'm hoping it 's all coincidence and it 's all beginning to piece together .
tr	O	M横穿马路，正好穿过我们的出口路线，并且 我猛踩油门。
tr	I	Sam had always paid on delivery , but we had a few days to pay it .
tr	O	我尝试了几乎所有痛苦可能的方法，然而 它还是没有奏效。
tr	I	If Charley didn 't get that truck running in the next few minutes , we were all dead and zombies were coming our way .
tr	O	她笑了，并且 她的酒窝又出现了。
tr	I	Still he talked on about minor events , yet nothing he said to us was significant .
tr	O	她抵达时没有大张旗鼓，并且她也没指望会如此。
tr	O	海带本身经常干扰无线电通讯，但是这次它似乎是在润色通讯。
tr	I	She was not wrong , and Sadie assumed he must be about to perform for them also .
tr	O	他知道班迪尼会想方设法追捕他，并且他无意帮助班迪尼占据优势。
tr	I	He would never have let me go and he would have followed me to the ends of the earth , because I belonged to him .
tr	O	她并非毫无过失，远非如此，但是她在这件事上也不是孤身一人。
tr	O	当文森特找到我时，我快死了，并且他把我转化了以救我的命。
tr	I	Eventually she stopped doing anything to convince him otherwise , and Robert thought a credit card would keep her happy .
tr	O	鬼魂就在凯莉面前显形了，并且她看起来很惊慌，很害怕。
tr	O	我真的不想透露诺亚所有的私人告白，但是我也希望拉娜能喜欢他。
tr	O	一张脸映入眼帘，并且艾薇儿在我身边倒吸了一口气。
tr	I	This was but the precursor to something more delightful , and it was mere child 's play to manipulate them .
tr	O	我示意欢迎他，但是我被谢德伸出的手臂拦住了。
tr	I	I scoot closer and I feel his hand flex on my hip where he 's holding me .
tr	O	我敲了敲门，并且一秒钟后一个声音回应了。
tr	I	She glanced to Hera before looking back at Zeus and her eyebrows flew up .
tr	I	Then again I don 't but I know him .
tr	I	He switched his game on her , but she tensed .
tr	O	当我把车开进来时迪格斯的吉普车不见了，但是杰克的本田思域停在前面。
tr	I	Pippa caught herself checking him out , and he led the way up the stairs .
tr	O	车程会超过一个小时，但是那给了他们一个叙旧的机会。
tr	I	You must allow me to take you there one day and I know a great restaurant there .
tr	O	我知道她的挣扎有其根源，并且它吸引了我。
tr	I	He wants me to keep an eye on things for him , but Dad has a PR firm .
tr	I	That hurts and just remembering it is making me shiver .
tr	I	Ash was already gone , and the flowers had faded .
tr	I	Her cold gaze flicked to Phillip , but she started to hit me with the stun gun a third time .
tr	I	I 'll be careful and I won 't go too fast .
tr	I	The tone stringing them together was clear , but she couldn 't understand any of them .
tr	O	他笑了，并且那是一个真正的笑容。
tr	I	He became cooperative , and five FBI badges napped in his face .
tr	O	火是非常危险的，并且你必须学习如何使用它！
tr	I	He nodded his head , and I looked at Declan .
tr	I	The guy didn 't answer for a sec , and I asked curiously .
tr	O	只有一件事要做，并且他把它摆了出来。
tr	I	I 'm still going to hit Tony , but it was just a dream .
tr	I	He still rarely looks back at me and he doesn 't speak for a moment .
tr	O	我跳进了卡车后部，并且他递给了我油漆。
tr	O	这对他来说意义重大，而且我只是享受着被人需要的感觉。
tr	I	That would have sounded pathetic so I kept my mouth shut , but more than me , I wanted to add .
tr	I	I think she might without me -- and I won 't let her die .
tr	I	The ship 's bottom half remained a charred , destroyed block , and the beams dissipated .
tr	I	I could suddenly see the symmetry underlying her deformity , and she met my eyes .
tr	O	她把马洛里直接抱到她脸前，而且她越过他看向科林，眼中闪烁着爱意。
tr	O	他想跟着她滑过床，但是他不能——有这条该死的腿。
tr	O	红衣女孩们走了进去，而且门在她们身后滑上了。
tr	O	他把她敏感的突起吸入他口中，而且她因为席卷全身的强烈性高潮而猛地抽动。
tr	I	It was unwarranted , but she appreciated his concern .
tr	I	He was concentrating on his plate , but Mandy glanced over at Buddy .
tr	O	我从未注意过卡什身上有特别香的味道，但是他也是我的哥哥。
tr	I	The dog jumped up and he patted the spot next to them on the sofa .
tr	O	他想向着狂风暴雨怒吼，但是他强迫自己花了几分钟搜查小屋。
tr	O	他的父亲可以穿这两件外套，并且他在每件外套里会做的事情都不同。
tr	I	What I did know was I 'd never felt this way before , but I had no idea what I was feeling .
tr	I	Her brow was furrowed like a child angry at being scolded and she was still frowning .
tr	O	约书亚几乎是在恳求我告诉他我吻的女孩是谁，但是我已知分寸。
tr	I	The screaming of the crowd fades out and I quickly answer it as enter the food area .
tr	O	他看起来很舒服，但是他的眼睛是充满怒火的黄色石头。
tr	I	Roman now knew exactly what he had to say to Charlotte , and his pacing time tonight had given him the opportunity to think .
tr	I	These people were worse , but a regular human was bad .
tr	I	It was a slow , slow ride , and they were headed from the eastern suburbs to the western .
tr	O	她边咀嚼边若有所思，并且克莱尔觉得无法移开视线。
tr	I	Teague flashed him a quick glance , and it was the first thing he 'd contributed to the conversation .
tr	I	Fear extinguished it , but fury stoked inside him .
tr	O	我先吻了多伊尔，并且他不得不弯下身子来帮我完成，然后我吻了里斯。
tr	O	她告诉了我可以在哪里找到她，并且一分钟后我就出了门。
tr	O	他与她做爱两次，并且他两次都需要为她清理。
tr	I	I remembered something in my bag , and we walked out into the cold .
tr	I	I could smell incense , and there were candles burning .
tr	O	我的左手握紧成拳，并且我感到手腕处有刺痛感。
tr	I	His gut tightened but Dimitri didn 't pause .
tr	O	他知道我对他有吸引力，并且他也毫不掩饰。
tr	I	I took a moment to admire his big shoulders , and he gave me a playful grin as he strode down the hall .
tr	O	有一次他认为戴夫的脚必须截肢才能把他弄出来，并且戴夫催促他切掉它。
tr	O	那些小睡裤紧贴着我的肚子，并且我把手指伸进那柔软的肉里。
tr	O	没有回邮地址，然而怀疑仍在他心中滋生。
tr	I	She gave it to me and I asked for your number .
tr	O	他扶她起来，并且她靠在他身上。
tr	I	He peered into the rearview mirror and there were more honks behind Nick .
tr	I	I 'm covered in muck , but the mud cushions the fall .
tr	I	I 'm too tired , but I 'd kiss him .
tr	I	Thoughts of Marco have me wide awake , but I should 've been asleep hours ago .
tr	I	We discussed their trip to London and Sir Richard returned from his phone call .
tr	I	It was watered-down junk but Raja tried a drink .
tr	O	我开始从椅子上起身，但是德里克举起一只手。
tr	O	那个声音回答了，并且他焦急地等待着。
tr	I	She started to grow concerned as the evening set in and her first few stops proved to be fruitless .
tr	I	I hadn 't even seen him move , and he had a Glock in his hand .
tr	I	Supper would hopefully be a good one and the evening would be cool .
tr	I	It sounded like there were more bodies behind him crashing towards us , and Paul 's voice was closer , nearly upon us .
tr	O	乔丹犹豫了，意识到白昼正在悄然流逝，但是他的迷恋迅速战胜了他的常识。
tr	I	He looked angry , and it was Jason .
tr	O	他很无情，而且她很苛刻。
tr	I	Then he shifted out , not even saying goodbye , and we stared at each other for a few seconds .
tr	O	我有权查阅其他一些书，但是我怀疑我能否找到任何有用的东西。
tr	O	艾米丽知道她应该闭嘴，但是她控制不住自己的嘴。
tr	O	他把手机递给我，而且我看到一张被打的亚当·亨德里克斯的照片时，畏缩了一下。
tr	I	I noticed something on the far side of the room and I surveyed our surroundings .
tr	O	我不会伤害那些女孩，并且这让我感觉非常好。
tr	O	她又调皮地拍了一下我的手臂，而且我用手遮住了那个地方。
tr	I	They 'd be one big happy Blythe family , and now we just needed to get Tate here .
tr	O	他对我扬了扬眉毛，而且我笑着摇了摇头。
tr	O	后续的连击没有命中目标，而且敏捷的忍者从瑞夫特的腿间穿过草丛滑了过去。
tr	O	我在这里吗，或者我不在吗？
tr	I	The panel remained intact but a spider web of cracks stretched across the passenger window .
tr	O	如果我能设法进入学校里，那么，希望周围就会有其他人，而且我可能就会没事了。
tr	I	That caring makes them vulnerable , and they cared enough to come after you once .
tr	I	Her throat was dry , but she tried to swallow .
tr	O	火把的光帮助照亮了他前方的路，并且他看到角落里堆着一堆箱子。
tr	I	I knew what Mage was worried about but we could 've easily outrun the trucks .
tr	I	He 'd rapidly moved into management , and I 'd given him his first job , right out of college .
tr	I	One look at Jem stopped her , but Tessa almost said .
tr	O	两只鬼魂站在那里，但是只有她能看见它们。
tr	I	They took one another for granted , and they knew each other too well .
tr	I	Due to be married , and we were in love .
tr	I	We were too fast for her , but Van tried to grab it first .
tr	O	黑暗暗影猎人似乎没有感觉到太多恐惧，并且他们没有尖叫就死了。
tr	O	凯勒盯着看，并且她随即感到内心一沉。
tr	O	当我抽身离开时，她靠得更近了，并且我叹了口气。
tr	O	格伦·米勒的音乐透过墙壁伴我入眠，并且我梦见我正和我的摄影师在巴西的海滩上跳舞。
tr	O	雷夫的祖父母都是吸血鬼，但是他们抚养了他的母亲。
tr	O	一个人趴着，并且两个人抱着头。
tr	O	赞恩好奇地问，并且我耸了耸肩。
tr	O	他大声骂了很多脏话，但是他没有重复任何一句两次。
tr	I	He felt the hot sun on his neck , and Sweat poured down his face as he walked .
tr	O	莉迪亚注意到有些员工似乎是印度人，但是女服务员是白人。
tr	O	它正在过去，但是它足够了。
tr	I	She was curious enough to press the issue , but warning bells went off in Rebecca 's head .
tr	O	我内心增长的感觉升级了，并且我知道我想要无论那是什么。
tr	I	Now we know the reason and someone with connections had you assigned to that crew .
tr	O	我们开始移动得更快了，并且我们正好在天黑时到达了房子。
tr	O	已经是下午很晚了，但是小礼拜堂的灯还没有亮。
tr	I	There are designs etched into the stone of the dome , and the dome is a burnt orange color .
tr	I	Softly cal ed his name and I tapped my fingers lightly on his cheek .
tr	O	他还是他一贯的和蔼可亲的样子，当波尔和我回家后的第二天早上他蹒跚着走上楼梯到我的塔楼时。
tr	I	Andrew wasn 't far behind him , and Kevin got back on the court with a racquet in his right hand .
tr	O	船已经平稳了，但是普林特怀疑这只是暂时的。
tr	O	我完全信任我的老师，并且我跟着他，去他带我去的地方。
tr	I	Her gorgeous eyes focused immediately and her posture bolted more upright .
tr	I	It was implied , but my being a possible Lycan was also not specifically mentioned by name either .
tr	O	艾登把它握在他长满老茧的手中，并且坠饰掉到了地上。
tr	I	This was even worse , but I thought I was used to humidity after growing up in Charleston .
tr	O	他的手碰到了我的腰背，并且我们开始沿着通往辛辛那提的道路走去。
tr	I	Michael let go first , and Claire cleared her throat .
tr	O	现在海军对你来说是第一位的，并且我永远只能是可怜的第二。
tr	I	She sighed deeply and her posture drooped though .
tr	I	She 'd fall apart or she had to believe that .
tr	O	她已经找回了自我，并且她也明白了自身的价值。
tr	O	他已经把它交给她了，并且她可以随意处置它。
tr	I	I was only two inches shorter , but he towered over me .
tr	I	The water was lightening and the seabed was rising .
tr	I	He would start his journey home and it would only be another forty five seconds .
tr	I	I wanted to savor every moment I had spent with Cassius , and morning would come sooner than I was prepared for .
tr	O	我想我知道你在担心什么，但是我说话算数。
tr	O	戴维斯总统继续掌控一切，并且没人能阻止他。
tr	O	它们得意地闪耀着，并且他的笑容是完全满足的。
tr	I	We 'd gone to lunch at some cute chic restaurant in Soho , and it had been a Saturday .
tr	O	紧张不是恐惧，但是那是一个开始。
tr	I	She glanced at the street out the window , and a motorcycle engine revved .
tr	I	He had curtains of pitch black hair ... And he was dressed in a black cloak .
tr	I	They were right and they knew her greed wouldn 't keep her waiting long .
tr	O	我不确定他是什么意思，但是我想弄清楚。
tr	O	我找理由说剂量不对的处方药对我也不好，但是有时候我需要它。
tr	O	她所承担的风险让她感到害怕，然而她知道自己不能回头。
tr	O	寻获的珍奇物品被存放在英格兰奥秘之家的保险库里，但是有几件在第二次世界大战期间消失了。
tr	I	It 's too late to take it back , but which I immediately realize is kind of wrong .
tr	O	他曾这样告诉过她，但是她很难相信他。
tr	O	戴维比凯丽大四岁，并且她非常迷恋他。
tr	O	这对双胞胎从未互相隐瞒过任何事情，而且他们也不会仅仅因为即将结婚就现在开始隐瞒。
tr	I	His breath came in deep , rough gasps and still he held her hard against his loins .
tr	I	Her romantic heart took over , and she could see the worry in his face .
tr	I	They promoted from within , and Norcross had good benefits .
tr	I	Milo let out a startled cry , and her words echoed throughout the nursery .
tr	I	He looked my way and I squeezed his hand .
tr	O	所有的义警都天赋异禀，但是他们中没有人能制造光。
tr	O	我失败了，而且现在我不得不放手让他走了。
tr	I	It has a happy ending , but it 's no fairy tale .
tr	I	He let out a short laugh and his gaze dropped to the guns .
tr	O	他几乎是个完美的男人，但是他只是不是我命中注定的那个人。
tr	I	I seemed to be gaining on my enemies , but I could barely breathe anymore .
tr	I	She shook her head and he held up the china creamer .
tr	O	这是一个舒适的小屋，没有被明亮地照亮，但壁炉里的小火却散发着明亮的光芒。
tr	O	我不确定她是否还在听，因为她哭得太厉害了，但是我必须告诉她。
tr	O	人群在这里更密集，并且大多数人都朝着同一个方向走去。
tr	O	她仍然相信自己在做梦，但是她内心翻腾的感觉非常真实。
tr	O	凯瑟琳努力想回应，但是没有话语出来。
tr	I	She shivered anyway , but the shirt prevented his breath from caressing her .
tr	I	His eyes softened slightly , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	She didn 't want it , but she understood it .
tr	O	罗伊冲向吸血鬼，并且他们把他像苍蝇一样推到一边。
tr	I	Woman 's , as the case may be , or vampire hunting was a young man 's game .
tr	O	彼得生了可爱的孩子，并且她绝不会用任何东西来交换他们。
tr	O	他的兄弟可能走错了路，但是他仍然值得一场光荣的死亡。
tr	I	Kennan landed three more strikes consecutively and they went back to fighting .
tr	I	They were all doomed or it had to be done .
tr	I	He sat up and his eyes looked worried .
tr	I	The others follow behind and I crawl in awkwardly .
tr	I	Like my dad says , I have to stick it out until the end , but my brain could not keep up with all the stupid numbers .
tr	O	我穿上我的小黑裙，高筒靴，并且我卷了头发。
tr	I	He 'd taken it all in stride , and the first thing she 'd done had been to insult him , question his competence .
tr	I	I smiled , and he fought a drowsy smile , apparently liking the way I said it .
tr	O	他的美国刮胡刀落在华沙了，并且他没有向卡罗尔借刮胡刀。
tr	O	直到有一天白日梦结束，并且我去参战。
tr	O	他能应付自如，并且这可不妙。
tr	O	她需要办理入住，但是她被拒绝探视，直到军队批准为止。
tr	I	He certainly enjoyed it when the opportunity came , but he didn 't drive much .
tr	I	I hesitated , and she slipped through the final piece of plastic .
tr	O	他不确定具体原因，但是这感觉是对的。
tr	I	He didn 't feel sad any longer , but many times he thought of his mother .
tr	I	The mayor knocked me back , but I ran toward James .
tr	I	Then the nightmare would begin again , and the longer I spoke to anyone , the greater the chance that They would notice .
tr	O	她无法想象他比他已经表现出来的更疯狂，但是她选择不把这个想法说出来。
tr	O	她已经困扰了我几千年，并且她从未像作为摩根时那样狡诈。
tr	I	Voss released the handle , stepping lightly onto the ground , and the carriage had come to a complete stop in the back alley behind Maude 's .
tr	I	She was speaking over the murmur of male voices , but he could hear Ava speaking .
tr	I	Somehow he must have sensed her hesitation , but it was short , just a kiss of greeting .
tr	I	It was uncommon for Marie to call this early , but she regretted taking the phone call the second she did .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't come out , but I opened my mouth to speak .
tr	I	I thought of what Torin had said , and mom made a noncommittal sound in reply .
tr	O	钥匙圈回到了它的钉子上，但是剩下的唯一一把钥匙是拖拉机的。
tr	O	感染者从四面八方袭击他，但是他仍然设法将他们挡在外面。
tr	O	只需把那个箱子还给我，并且我们就两清了。
tr	I	I laughed and Zane made a face .
tr	O	当谢里丹醒来时，天已经亮了，并且她发现凯恩坐在她的床边。
tr	I	I feel relieved that she is okay and I see Victoria talking with her friends .
tr	O	我们可能不会派军队去对抗兽群，但是这个，我们能做到。
tr	O	我把脸埋在他的颈窝，并且我抽泣起来。
tr	O	他尝试了几种咒语，但是没有一个奏效。
tr	O	仅仅举起它就需要他所有的力气，并且它随后不规则地颤抖。
tr	O	也许又是她过度活跃的想象力在作祟，但是她的直觉告诉她麻烦即将来临。
tr	I	She returned it and it was contagious .
tr	I	He could see her breasts touching the edge of his desk , and Lara leaned forward .
tr	O	她那苍白的金色头发盘成了经典的法式发髻，并且她的脸上没有她公司资助的那些化妆品。
tr	O	我们可以为所欲为，并且他们永远不会发现。
tr	I	I turn away , pretending to fume , but a rush of something goes through me .
tr	I	There was too much to do but she wanted to ask more questions .
tr	I	They would meet us there , and Lydia said that she would tell the others .
tr	O	他这次得到的呻吟声更真诚了，并且丹尼斯踢了朋友的脚后跟让他闭嘴。
tr	O	她的头靠在他的胸膛上，并且她听着他强劲而平稳的心跳。
tr	I	She stayed transfixed long after he left and it was not a casual kiss .
tr	I	Her pulse was erratic and straight away she became unconscious .
tr	O	他现在比我高多了，并且他剪短了他那深色的卷发。
tr	O	没有人发出响动，但是我却睡不着。
tr	O	她打电话提醒我，而且我挂断了她的电话。
tr	O	她可能不再爱他了，但是她并不嫉妒他的幸福。
tr	I	She felt she could easily eat another plate full and the plate was soon empty .
tr	O	我说话时，我的牙齿划破了我的嘴唇，并且血液的铜腥味充满了我的口腔。
tr	O	他抓着我手腕的手劲收紧了，并且我看到欲望使他的面容变得坚硬。
tr	I	I 'll think about it , but I won 't get one .
tr	O	我侧身摔倒了，并且我的右手被困住了。
tr	O	我不知道它曾经是什么，但是从我记事起，它就一直在那里，甚至可以追溯到我的童年。
tr	O	我感到窒息，因为她所有的注意力都一直在我身上，并且我对她没有同样的感觉。
tr	I	She could not place it , but she was startled she recognized the voice .
tr	O	变形者简短地看了一眼控制面板和乔西手指点亮的按钮。
tr	I	Eleanor found it difficult to get used to all the splendor , but Lord Ramsay took living in Hart 's Grosvenor Square mansion in stride .
tr	I	I didn 't want to ruin the rapport we had going and it was pretty much all because I wanted to see Lucky .
tr	I	It still wasn 't right , but they obviously weren 't together at the time .
tr	I	He retired to his apartment as he always does , and we had a glass of wine together about ten .
tr	O	我的眼皮耷拉下来了，并且我挣扎着保持站立，靠着墙支撑自己。
tr	I	I was sixteen when Ma died and I 'd just turned fourteen when Pa passed .
tr	I	We hooked up every night for the next week and I spent the night with him .
tr	O	泰勒的手臂收紧环住她，随着他的肌肉僵住了，并且他向布莱克投去一道怒视。
tr	O	我迷路了，并且我很害怕。
tr	I	Julianna shook her head , her golden hair catching the light but I raised my eyebrows .
tr	O	他哭了，龇牙咧嘴地露出尖牙，但是他的眼睛却转向我身后，看向那个漂亮的人站着的地方。
tr	O	她知道她不能长时间保持这个形状，但是她只需要一秒钟。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why and there seemed to be a little bit of loneliness around him .
tr	O	所有人又一个小时没说话，直到太阳开始下山，并且小镇出现在视野中。
tr	O	我没记住把那点消息告诉我父亲，但是我的眼睛颜色是我最不关心的事情。
tr	O	再次出现那种挥之不去的神似感，但是她却无法完全理解那是什么。
tr	O	是马里奥，并且我很高兴见到他。
tr	I	He seemed to be reading my mind , but I hadn 't noticed anything strange .
tr	O	简单的动作让他的胸膛蹭到了我的，并且我不得不咬住嘴唇，以防呻吟出声。
tr	I	She watched the trees rustle in the breeze and the cattle were running across the fields below .
tr	O	他们从窗户进去，并且他们再也没有出来。
tr	O	没有人死亡，但是有重伤。
tr	I	Cat 's smile was bland , devoid of any of her husband 's thinly veiled antagonism , but she eyed the redhead warily .
tr	O	米娅感到她的肌肉开始抗议，并且她知道她必须减速。
tr	I	I was too upset to find it even faintly funny , but Acacia snorted .
tr	O	他一直在路易斯安那州从事建筑工作，并且尽管这些工作报酬丰厚，但它们一直很危险。
tr	O	莎拉试图尖叫，但是她的喉咙堵住了。
tr	I	Then they took him away , and Cy struggled as they apprehended him .
tr	I	I have no voice , but I want to scream .
tr	I	He stopped , looking away from Brandt , and the dream flashed across his memory again .
tr	O	大学不适合我，并且我只上了两个学期就辍学了。
tr	I	I 'd sleep all day , and in the morning I 'd be exhausted .
tr	O	他猜那些也都没用，但是为时已晚无法检查。
tr	O	梅兰妮的曲线使她看起来很柔弱，但是她有着钢铁般的意志。
tr	I	I don 't want him to stop , but he shouldn 't say things like that .
tr	I	We advanced towards them , and I yelled .
tr	I	My soul was the moth , and his brown eyes were flames .
tr	I	Kai is pointing in the other direction , directly at Ervin , but she looks to where she thinks the noise came from .
tr	O	加文掌舵，并且我们滑行着驶向开阔水域。
tr	O	摩根向她伸出手，并且一抹慈爱的笑容浮现在他脸上。
tr	O	这或许能让夏洛特不至于拧断我的脖子，但是那样所有人都会知道我浴袍里裹着什么东西。
tr	O	他的声音里带着一丝笑意，并且一阵寒意沿着她的脊背滑下。
tr	I	I just didn 't feel it , but maybe she deserved one .
tr	I	For the stinging wounds he had suffered at their hands in past , and he would make them pay for straying too close to his nest .
tr	I	Aly giggled and I groaned .
tr	O	一条毯子揉成一团堆在沙发上，并且我能听到浴室里水龙头的水声。
tr	I	Every time I see you , you seem angry at me , but since you moved next door , I 've tried to be nice .
tr	I	He never got to hear it but she seemed about to say something .
tr	I	That 's all that mattered and Jackson was with me now .
tr	O	她不想看到他要做什么，并且她也无法阻止他。
tr	I	His eyes lose their focus and all this runs through his head .
tr	O	哦，这次她会准备得更充分，但是它很强大。
tr	I	We found a way to bring him back , and she had believed Macon was gone forever .
tr	O	它有很多，恕我双关，老果树和一株攀爬在前廊上的美妙的丝绒红玫瑰。
tr	O	他们辨认她身份的努力都失败了，并且甚至联邦调查局的专家也一无所获。
tr	O	那第一周过后，喧嚣声有所平息，并且兰普上的生活开始恢复正常。
tr	I	I strode nervously past them , and three men stood at the urinals .
tr	I	She did not answer her phone , but Susan tried to call Trisha again .
tr	O	他正在和扎克谈话，但是我看到了他嘴角最轻微的上扬。
tr	I	Sadie McLeod cannot return her gaze , but the eldest McLeod looks at her daughter .
tr	I	Instantly she was silent and he placed a finger against Tammy 's lips .
tr	I	This time the movement was more prolonged , but then he heard the chain move again .
tr	O	他花了好长时间才意识到这一点，并且现在他已经为时已晚。
tr	O	我已经写了《三月十五日》、《警察学院》、《穿上你的裤子》和《我想让你看的东西》。
tr	O	我试图站起来，但是我却只是在爬走。
tr	O	一个孩子的哭泣声在黑暗中呜咽，并且他过了一会儿才意识到那声音是自己的。
tr	I	Campus security is heading toward us , and the rest of the girls are looking over at me .
tr	I	Her eyes flitted from one shape to the next , waiting for something to stick out , and every shadow appeared to be moving .
tr	O	她到达了上次见到他的地方，但是她疯狂搜寻的双手却一无所获。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且罗丝看到他的戒备心就位了。
tr	I	Human beings don 't speak dog , and only dogs can hear the soft voices of ghosts .
tr	O	我知道这很有可能，但是听到这些话仍是一个巨大的打击。
tr	I	There was something solid within , but it wasn 't particularly heavy .
tr	O	当我重新露面时，我离他们更远了，但是子弹还是找到了我。
tr	O	音乐渐趋激烈，并且人群尖叫起来。
tr	I	A greater demon came through and he did .
tr	O	斯宾塞自从他们被捕前就没接到过切斯的音讯，但是她知道他会为她做任何事。
tr	I	The house by which he 'd parked was far from modest but based on her humble demeanor he 'd expected her to live in a modest home .
tr	I	He was finished , defeated , and she nibbled her plump lip .
tr	I	You were gone and I was so worried when I came down .
tr	I	His lips found mine immediately and he landed beside me in a satisfied heap .
tr	I	Now that you 're here I feel sure they 'll be dismissed , but there are a couple law suits pending .
tr	O	他们坐在篷车上，由斯蒂芬领着路，但是骡子随着他们艰难地行进而越来越疲惫。
tr	O	戈恩眼中的怨恨十分强烈，但是部长并不打算退让。
tr	I	I had no way to reach him , and that left my father .
tr	O	一股暖流正扩散到她的骨盆，并且她能感觉到汗水顺着背部中线滑落。
tr	I	By all that he considered holy , he planned to be a good husband to her , and Lindy was his wife .
tr	I	He knew that there was nothing more discouraging than constantly losing , and he wanted her to get a taste for the game though .
tr	I	I let out an animalistic growl , and it was pulled away from me .
tr	O	他的手伸进了她的衬衫，并且她感到它触到了她的乳房。
tr	I	She knew the moment he glanced up that her tactic had worked , but she didn 't think that she was giving him any intimate view .
tr	I	Gleaming window panes shone in the sun like diamonds and flowering green shrubs crouched at the base of the Manor .
tr	I	Her cheeks were hollowed and her face was pale .
tr	O	我笑了，并且布罗迪眨了眨眼。
tr	I	Clusters of bushes dotted the landscape , and Trees grew along the sides of the valley .
tr	O	也许他只存在于她的脑海中，但是它感觉并非如此。
tr	I	It was as if only now could I feel all of it , but I knew that it must have hurt before .
tr	O	他让她窒息，并且她的耳朵开始嗡嗡作响。
tr	O	那是他最近一种罕见的令人恐惧的情绪，但是他确实比前几天看起来更柔和了。
tr	O	除了我的血管像着火了一样，而且我正在融化成别的东西这个事实之外，我什么都不懂。
tr	I	I find myself wishing that I could bathe in it and Dante laughs , an honest , happy sound .
tr	I	There was something frightening in its place , but the mask of icy control was broken .
tr	I	I don 't see the harm , but I might not like the weed .
tr	O	能量在男性顾客体内涌动，但是女性艺人也未能幸免。
tr	I	He looked at Travis and Kade wasn 't wearing a watch .
tr	O	她的脸颊上仍有红斑，并且我叹了口气，恨自己伤害了她。
tr	I	It was too late , but Jem called for him to stop .
tr	I	She leaned into my touch , and her eyes closed .
tr	I	Sure enough , they were inflatable dolls as well and Angelina went over to them .
tr	I	Our top advisors shuffled out to the room without having much else to say , and as usual Nate was right .
tr	O	你们这些男孩现在是家里的顶梁柱了，并且你们必须开始像个样子。
tr	O	他的腿很痛，但是他不在乎。
tr	I	Already Summer could read her husband 's thoughts and they 'd been married less than twenty-four hours .
tr	O	她左手的小指是弯曲的，并且它在顶部发生了分叉，分裂成两个更小的指尖。
tr	I	The pinhead of light disappeared and a few heavy steps rumbled below my feet .
tr	O	她轻易地感受到了他勃起的坚硬推力，但是她拒绝屈服于他无声的催促。
tr	O	我挣扎着逃离了他，并且然后贾里德抓住了我的手臂，以全速把我拉到Tundra车旁。
tr	O	他紧紧抱住她的身体让她紧贴在他的身前，并且那男人的兴奋是无法忽视的。
tr	I	The bond is broken and take out the heart .
tr	I	Gascon tucked her mother in comfortably and Catherine ran to retrieve the wheelchair .
tr	O	她以为她知道他为什么哭，但是这对她来说并不重要。
tr	I	It took everything he had not to lunge at the man he 'd once called friend , and a growl rose from Rio 's throat .
tr	I	It looked like he wasn 't going to find relief anytime soon and his body was on fire .
tr	O	他愉悦的心情像落叶一样消逝了，并且她再也无法抑制自己的担忧了。
tr	I	He wasn 't stupid , but he might be old .
tr	I	I couldn 't meet her eye , but she looked at me apologetically .
tr	O	你本想继续走，但是，我让你停在这里。
tr	O	补偿了点蚀确实显示了更清晰的符号图像，但是，它们没有多大意义。
tr	I	His eyes were worried , but his words were light .
tr	I	I choke on it and a laugh forces its way into my throat .
tr	I	Much prose had been written on it , and it was a small table .
tr	O	我已经多年没做了，并且，那是事实。
tr	O	他的眼睛与萨凡纳的目光交织，并且，他能看到那里的恐惧。
tr	I	I didn 't listen , but everyone 's told me that it was impossible .
tr	I	Some things - some feelings - simply didn 't die but they might have been separated for a long time .
tr	I	He 's in a state , but I 'm not sure what .
tr	I	She was also rightfully angry that I had not trusted her with the information until that night , but she was in shock .
tr	O	起泡的液体搔弄着她的嘴唇，并且，她专注于那种感觉。
tr	I	I force myself not to , but I want to roll my eyes .
tr	O	我能通过我的眼睛看东西，但是，它们已经不再是我的了。
tr	O	丽莎点了点头，并且，米切尔走开了。
tr	I	It isn 't easy , but on the drive home we try to find things to say .
tr	I	Your progress will be closely watched by all of us , especially Avery and all areas of the exam will be covered .
tr	I	It appeared to have no eyes at all , but one had that same circular maw of razor-sharp teeth .
tr	O	她需要思考，并且，当他站得这么近时她无法做到。
tr	O	这个地方很干净，并且我认为，很安全。
tr	I	He had to adjust his jeans in order to pull in a breath without emasculating himself and Paul 's stomach clenched .
tr	I	I took several shallow breaths and my lips curled .
tr	I	Again , we were not sure if there was a connection to the murders , but we connected this one to Emma 's encounter .
tr	O	第二个死亡吸血鬼向萨缪尔露出一个缓慢的笑容，并且在任何其他情况下，他都会有理由害怕那个强大得多的死亡吸血鬼。
tr	O	在没有电的时候，我的思绪游离，并且我开始想象我们都独自一人。
tr	I	Off he went and the guy smiled .
tr	O	托比现在在镇上和任何人一样能施加影响力，并且两个人都知道这一点。
tr	I	Definitely from me she will have it , but she didn 't got a kick ass from Damian .
tr	I	The more I studied them , the more I realized I could understand him , but at first I only saw the beautiful colors .
tr	O	他们正在靠近那些树林，并且天色很暗。
tr	I	I was exhausted before the bath began , and this took eight trips with a bucket .
tr	O	我知道自从丽莎去世后你就发誓不再和女孩交往，但是我开始怀疑了。
tr	O	杰克逊紧张地咽了口口水，并且特纳笑了。
tr	O	他盯着看，并且她笑了。
tr	I	I didn 't really want to ruin my clothes , and I hadn 't packed anything for walking around in a swamp .
tr	I	I wanted to vomit and my stomach wrenched itself .
tr	I	I wanted him right now , and Sean was the only one I wanted .
tr	O	当我们走到他们面前时，我妈妈转向大门，并且它自己就开了。
tr	O	我们在野餐桌旁坐下，并且大卫倒了一杯酒。
tr	I	Calmness wove its way through me , and his eyes flashed a deep violet .
tr	I	He wasn 't buried , but he might be technically dead .
tr	I	Then his eyes returned to his work , apparently unconcerned that Kade had nearly broken the heavy wood door , and Travis looked at Kade briefly .
tr	O	他问了坦率得荒谬的问题，并且你看着我如何回应。
tr	I	Jack usually called me after work , and it was early evening back home .
tr	I	She knew it and Jared 's offer was a godsend .
tr	I	I want to try , but I don 't know how much sleep I 'll get tonight .
tr	I	I nodded tersely , and a lump formed in my throat .
tr	O	树木挡住了我的视线，很难看远，但是我已尽力。
tr	I	He could make sure no one else hurt her , but he might not be able to have her .
tr	I	Her vision blurred , and she turned her head to look up at what had been the cause of her fall .
tr	O	我张开嘴想尝试，但是却一句话也没说出来。
tr	I	They 'd both been ill at ease , and he 'd taken her to a movie the weekend after their wedding .
tr	O	信封上的邮戳很清晰，但是他要是看到了日期，肯定会以为那是错的吧？
tr	O	他举起了发夹，并且我紧闭双唇。
tr	I	We took what we were strong enough to hold , and none of us lived long .
tr	I	Nobody close to him could have seen what he was doing , and the whole fuse was about the width of a piece of pencil lead .
tr	I	I feel a chill and she touches my hand .
tr	O	他对自己的生命漠不关心，但是他会活下来消除对他弟弟们的任何威胁。
tr	O	门开了，并且他走了进去。
tr	I	Kira met my stare , and my mouth fell open .
tr	I	Since the races are coming up , I have more than enough orders backed up , and I also paint teapots for the tourists .
tr	O	她的身体僵硬了，并且她呻吟着他的名字。
tr	O	这些是我的新兵，而且他们有点害怕。
tr	O	他的眉毛皱了起来，并且他看起来很矛盾。
tr	I	I couldn 't stop smiling , and thank goodness no one was around to notice my reaction to him : sweaty palms , rosy cheeks .
tr	I	An implied threat to their lives was enough to send them scurrying for safety and they weren 't combatants by nature .
tr	O	我们已经在伊普西兰蒂住了一个月了，而且我每个周五晚上都在我的房间里度过。
tr	I	I liked his protective instincts , but it was a strange notion .
tr	I	The coach stopped him , but Nick turned to leave .
tr	I	It was too soon , but my daughter had said he shouldn 't be expected to live on his own .
tr	O	他的手下在几英尺外徘徊，并且他们把目光锁定在我们身上。
tr	I	I was still embarrassed and I was by myself in the house .
tr	O	这不是一个男人期望得到的回答，但是当她开口时，他明白了原因。
tr	O	艾奥娜作为一只美洲豹可以移动得更快，但是她必须担心如何带着阿曼达。
tr	O	欧文的手像我的一样湿冷，并且我们相视而笑。
tr	O	每个兽群都由森严的等级制度维系着，并且领头的会先派出最弱的，以探清对手的实力。
tr	I	Drew introduced himself and the doctor came in .
tr	O	当然，我们现在知道这种做法是错误的，但是那是他们想做的。
tr	I	I don 't have to accept it , but so I may have earned the bite in your grip .
tr	I	That seemed only to make Jackie 's grin widen , but confusion rattled him .
tr	I	I don 't feel I can depend on appearances in the current circumstances , but the aircraft 's radio equipment appears to be working .
tr	I	That in no way made him less worthy of love , but he hadn 't opened his heart to her .
tr	O	我刚刚让我和杜克听起来像十足的白痴。
tr	I	Facts were facts , but Caleb wasn 't a lot more comfortable saying it .
tr	O	她瘦了，并且她的眼睛无精打采。
tr	I	He couldn 't be around her on this day , but it wasn 't fair to Surreal .
tr	I	The pain was making it difficult to move , but I managed to let out a small chuckle .
tr	O	她看着后视镜，因为这已成为习惯，并且她盯着每一辆其他的车，以避免任何碰撞的可能性。
tr	I	I think ... And all day long I pace inside this dark , tiny , cell .
tr	I	It 's not going to make me stop loving you , but granted , I 'm not thrilled you had sex with her .
tr	I	Mr. Flowers had paid a great deal to have somebody do it and they 'd later learn that it was professionally decorated .
tr	I	I shake my head , but he brings one to me .
tr	O	好吧，也许他没有那样说，但是他也不必。
tr	O	他的名字叫弗里德里希，并且他和弗拉维奥年龄相仿。
tr	I	I got hard just thinking about what you had on under that coat and I sat there watching you sip that vodka .
tr	I	Watching her work tonight had been impressive , and Nicole Hightower in full war paint was a sight to behold .
tr	I	Your mom 's , and I wish he hadn 't ruined your dad 's life .
tr	O	我会非常乐意认领他，但是约瑟夫则完全是另一回事。
tr	O	他的三名列兵面面相觑，但是如果下士也要去，那么他们就别无选择。
tr	I	She was now tempted to surprise him , but she had told Declan she was going home tonight after she left Beth 's .
tr	O	她知道他正在等她把话再说给他听，但是她做不到。
tr	I	I won 't be the only one , and I 'll be watching you .
tr	I	I shake my head , but she offers one to me .
tr	O	我指向那篇文章，并且他示意要那张纸。
tr	I	She shook her head , but John looked at Liv .
tr	I	I wink at her and she punches my arm .
tr	O	没人说话，但是杰森从他们的表情中可以看出他们对目前的处境不满意。
tr	O	他们在收银台买了购物袋，并且麦克布赖德用了他的信用卡。
tr	O	他准备的精致晚餐非常令人满意，而且他的家务技能在我看来得分很高。
tr	I	I tried to pull away from him and he leaned down to kiss my neck .
tr	O	没人见到斯特凡，但是很快他们就都听到了奔跑的脚步声。
tr	O	他是她生命中唯一的男人，并且她对他毫无意义。
tr	I	She looked at me , and I looked at Kitten .
tr	I	She wondered grimly if it was her blood that had given it to him and there was a healthy pink glow to his cheeks .
tr	I	My breathing turned shallow , and my heart was thumping so hard I knew she could probably hear it against her ear .
tr	O	“醒醒”，她想，但是她不想。
tr	I	A tissue sample had been sent out for a second opinion , and unfortunately the results were inconclusive .
tr	O	我从去年一月才变成吸血鬼，并且我不知道如何转化别人。
tr	I	Butch wasn 't the one standing in her bedroom , but she wanted to believe him .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but his mouth opened .
tr	O	她仍然面色严峻，但是笑容在她嘴角浮现。
tr	I	I did not recognize it , but Sam 's face was there .
tr	I	I wasn 't quite sure I was comfortable with a stranger rubbing their hands all over my body , but I knew it wouldn 't be painful .
tr	I	She instinctively cringed into Declan 's side and the goblin narrowed his eyes at Willow .
tr	O	我不会退缩，并且我会赢。
tr	I	I knew what had happened , but my first reaction was shock .
tr	I	That makes your old dad smile and I can hear it in your voice .
tr	I	He shoved it off and the man placed an arm on Luke 's shoulder .
tr	I	I 'm not going to pressure you , but I already told you I 'm interested .
tr	O	她看起来很脆弱，但是她不是。
tr	I	She had been careful to empty it out , since she didn 't want it to rust , and there was water in the pan .
tr	O	中国人可能藏匿了一些飞机，并且如果它们起飞挑战海军，它们就会被对付。
tr	O	他们似乎即将更进一步，并且我不想为此而逗留。
tr	I	Eventually she breathed a quiet sigh of relief , and the hallway fell silent .
tr	I	They feel like they 're going to rain down on the beach , but I don 't know where he shoots them off from .
tr	O	她的眼睛透露出相反的效果，并且伊森能看到她正在回溯她生命中最后一小时的景象。
tr	I	I think I 'm trembling and my gaze followed that hand .
tr	I	It 's really pretty amusing , and she puts her hands up to shield herself .
tr	O	车里的寂静如此绝对，我开始以为他没听见，但是接着他瞥了我一眼。
tr	I	He spoke the rest of the ritual , and Relief flooded through the Prince 's body .
tr	I	He was pretty infuriated with her right then but he knew he wouldn 't really do that .
tr	O	有一条艰难的路，并且有一条轻松的路。
tr	I	There was one obvious answer -- blood , but it could have been so many things .
tr	I	He never would , and as far as I knew , my dad didn 't know about the drawer .
tr	O	他们的脚步声回荡着，并且这很令人毛骨悚然。
tr	O	我感到一阵颤抖，但是我的担忧平息了。
tr	I	Her innards removed and her throat was torn out .
tr	O	灰色中带着湿气，并且我讨厌再次看到它。
tr	I	She hadn 't told him and she knew who Julian was .
tr	I	She stiffens and I cover her hand with mine .
tr	O	她的浮肿眼下挂着黑眼圈，并且她的头发是一团乱糟糟的卷发。
tr	O	那是充满激情的，并且有热度。
tr	O	某个偶然的链条可能救了我，但是这条链条没有。
tr	I	I didn 't know that I could bear much more of it , but it had only been hours so far that he had left me wanting .
tr	I	His amber eyes glowed , and Anger flushed his cheeks .
tr	O	安柏欠亚特一顿饭，并且薇洛已经自愿做饭。
tr	I	Her head lulled to the side , and her eyelids were heavy .
tr	O	震动沿着我的手臂蔓延，并且我能看到它的颜色从我的指尖飞出。
tr	I	She was ready to go home , but she didn 't know about Ronan .
tr	I	The knife kept pricking her as her feet got tangled up with her long skirts , and her ankles kept banging against the stairs .
tr	I	I am looking out over the room and he stands behind me , so that we are in the shadows .
tr	O	她不想打断这次重逢，但是她不确定接下来该做什么。
tr	I	It doesn 't do much , and I give a pathetic kick at the wall in front of me .
tr	I	Xander sighed heavily , and Caleb just shrugged .
tr	I	She wasn 't feeling it , but he wanted to do the long-distance thing .
tr	I	She didn 't pull away this time , but an odd look passed over her face .
tr	I	Everyone loved it , but the little parade didn 't last long .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁开了，并且他给了我我曾在他脸上见过的最温暖、最腼腆的笑容。
tr	O	水对阻止灼烧毫无作用，但是灼热感中却带有味道。
tr	I	That friendship wasn 't exclusive , but I considered Peggy a friend .
tr	O	这与其说是浪漫，不如说是更令人安慰，但是克莱瑞仍然觉得她闯入了一个私密的时刻。
tr	O	电话咔嗒一声，并且他已经走了。
tr	O	他在她身上留下了印记，并且他发现这令他愉悦。
tr	I	His nose brushing close to the floor and in he trotted with his ears up .
tr	O	艾莉森和她母亲离开了，并且凯利盯着瑞安，瑞安也回盯着她。
tr	I	It quickly was emptied , and a waiter set a large pitcher on the table .
tr	O	那个男人就像一壶沸腾的睾酮，并且她体内每一种女性荷尔蒙都在欣然涌动，以迎合那男性诱惑。
tr	O	当她走到拐角时，有人抓住了她的手臂，并且她猛地转过身，另一只手里拿着辣椒喷雾。
tr	O	成千上万的问题涌入我的脑海，这到那时已是熟悉的感觉，但是一个燃着的问题处于所有问题的最前沿。
tr	I	He sounds pissed and it 's Cooper .
tr	I	It 's the only thing I care about , but it 's a stupid response to what she said .
tr	O	萨维塔挥了挥手，并且远处的墙上出现了影像。
tr	O	她的表哥泰勒突然出现在她面前，并且杰妮猛地停下，以免撞到他。
tr	O	所以他们看到了我，但是他们没有被吓到。
tr	I	I owe him nothing and he 's an ass .
tr	O	她的心在胸腔里怦怦跳动，并且她咬着下唇，同时将湿润的手掌在牛仔裤上擦拭。
tr	O	她关于乔希的绝望念头消失了，并且她的当下现实回归了。
tr	O	它让我没有吃太多冰淇淋，并且它帮助我赢得了老板的好感。
tr	O	她对此笑了，但是她看起来并不苦涩。
tr	O	他低估了她的病情，并且他开始担心了。
tr	I	Right now , only part of it was in use , but the room was about the size of Dad 's house .
tr	O	他毁了她，并且马克斯还没有完全明白这一点。
tr	I	I find I am still hungry , and it has been an emotional morning .
tr	I	Only a few seem willing to listen to him , but one of the Inquisitors calls out from where they 're fencing in the people .
tr	I	I knew that I no longer felt like I did in London , but I wasn 't sure when I had started to grow a conscience .
tr	I	I wished I could crawl into the bed with him , and he gave me a faint smile before closing his eyes .
tr	I	When she turned to him , he perked up , but he 'd been watching the class with a bored expression .
tr	O	奶奶的眉毛舒展开了，并且她的眼睛亮了起来。
tr	O	我不认识任何滑雪板比赛的参赛者，但是观看它仍然很有趣。
tr	I	Maybe Tarik was giving her a hint , but she didn 't want to point randomly .
tr	I	He hadn 't been able to voice it , but her name had echoed in his mind .
tr	I	A hand appeared on his shoulder , jerking him back , but Ty took a hasty step forward .
tr	I	It was inevitable once the idea hit him , but it was crazy .
tr	O	我一直以为那个人已经不在了，但是我不想质疑这件事。
tr	O	奇迹发生了，并且他在这里。
tr	O	跑步给了我一个努力就能出人头地的机会，并且那个夏天我开始专注于跑步，排除了其他一切。
tr	O	他的虹膜似乎变暗了，并且他的眼睑看起来更沉重了。
tr	I	Thomas knew it was only a matter of time before he should send them back , but the team was proving to be quite useful .
tr	I	She could feel the slight vibration through her seat , but it was quieter than some motorcycles .
tr	I	Without them , the rides couldn 't hold ; but these rides were built on the broken , resigned spirits of those trapped here .
tr	I	It was parried to the side , but Lea attacked with a right uppercut to Tania 's body .
tr	O	往日的景象涌上心头，并且她咬紧了牙关。
tr	O	起初只有一片寂静，并且诺伦在昏暗的光线下吃力地辨听着是否有任何生命迹象。
tr	O	我是第一个退开的，但是我把手锁在她的腰上。
tr	O	他的声音微弱得可怕，不比耳语强多少，但是这声音如同一记耳光击中了她。
tr	I	He just stands there , staring at the damn ceiling , but I 'm flabbergasted , waiting for Ian to chime in .
tr	I	He was aching to make it happen , and he 'd make her his .
tr	O	他们跳舞，并且比娅注意到了他的名牌，尽管他们几分钟前才被介绍过。
tr	O	柳儿知道她在嘲弄那只野兽，但是这是她收到过的最好的礼物。
tr	I	By the time he finished Riley Albritton was roaring with laughter , and Luther spilled his guts .
tr	O	那个男人没再说什么，并且科里很高兴。
tr	O	市长满意地笑了，但是他没有直接回答，而是指向了墓地中央那棵壮丽的玉兰树。
tr	O	突然艾比盖尔摔了下去，并且双手被绑无法缓冲摔落。
tr	O	东京是一座人们生活着的城市，有时他们过得很好，但是它不是一个有幸福结局的城市。
tr	O	他的下半身仍然感到不适，但是那种不适足够轻微以至于他不在乎了。
tr	O	她勒住了我，并且我把她拉得更近了。
tr	O	接着它就爆炸了，并且我开始相信更黑暗的事情了。
tr	O	她完全不相信地眨了眨眼——一次，两次——，但是眼前的景象丝毫没有改变。
tr	O	他的语气是开玩笑的，但是他的眼神却是死寂的。
tr	I	They were going through something like he 'd been through , only worse , and they weren 't a lifetime ago .
tr	I	Burning anger flared up inside me , and my grip on my son tightened .
tr	O	他的眼睛扫视着我的脸，停在我裂开的嘴唇上，并且他的嘴唇紧紧地抿在一起。
tr	O	他问她关于学校的事情，并且詹妮尔盯着她的盘子回答了他的问题。
tr	O	她的牙齿打颤，并且她的身体颤抖。
tr	I	He was also insistent , but he was always pleasant in his requests .
tr	O	我不希望任何人控制那个国家，但是如果我必须选择，我宁愿让印第安人控制那些岩画。
tr	O	我不会再来这里了，但是我想要亲自道别。
tr	I	Neither was the future , and the past wasn 't important .
tr	O	在他审视的目光下，记忆开始涌入我的脑海，并且一道剧痛直冲我的心脏。
tr	O	埃德下了车，并且我启动了引擎。
tr	O	震惊传遍我全身，并且紧接着是一股浓厚的恐惧。
tr	O	他的眼睛闪烁着恶作剧的光芒，但是他的语气却非常严肃。
tr	O	雪花在她鼻尖跳动，并且她大声笑了起来，被夜晚的魔力迷住了。
tr	I	While there was genuine warmth in the tone , she could not call it stuffy , but it might seem starchy to some .
tr	I	He didn 't want to be banned from this bar for indecency , and he knew he 'd jump on the chance to vent his frustration .
tr	O	她在意识中断状态下度过了二十年，并且我们很幸运能把她找回来。
tr	I	The floorboards sagged against his weight as he stepped through , and the hinges creaked as he pushed open the door .
tr	I	Each one touched Pearl 's heart , and they had come in from all around the world .
tr	O	她严厉地看着我，但是她在听。
tr	O	萨塞克斯的每个人在青少年时期某个时候都发现了这个地方，但是很少有人踏足其中。
tr	O	时刻开始升级，并且界限崩溃，导致他们注定失败。
tr	I	Yet the thought churns my stomach , and it should be the least of my worries .
tr	O	男人们带着柳条栅栏来了，并且我们轻轻地把他抬到上面。
tr	O	他救了我，这样他就能掌控我，并且我真是太蠢了，竟然让他得逞。
tr	I	He pivoted , firing back , and a bullet plowed into the post that Deckard stood by .
tr	O	她的嘴唇紧绷着，但是显然她在斟酌他的话。
tr	O	科林不喜欢惊喜，并且他也不认为露娜的祖父母会在未来的某个时候偶然发现这些信息时会感到高兴。
tr	O	我们会为你做好准备，并且我们知道你的意图。
tr	I	The same type of thing would happen again the next day and she 'd storm off to her room .
tr	O	我不确定那是什么，但是我不喜欢它。
tr	I	She nodded and I asked .
tr	O	灯光扫向他指示的方向，并且他听到他的朋友们倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	她仍然有点头晕，但是她知道她必须做些什么。
tr	I	Now he was looking at being alone once more , and he 'd had Clarice for such a short time .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I always thought that I should have protected him .
tr	O	他们去了葡萄酒区，并且帕克查看了所有的红酒。
tr	O	女孩再次在岩石上抱紧自己，并且我们又回到了比我们开始时更糟的境地。
tr	O	她躺在他的脚下，并且她的情况比他最糟糕的恐惧所允许他想象的还要糟糕。
tr	I	I sort of hoped he would remain unsuccessful , but maybe it was cruel .
tr	O	守门员做出了英勇的努力，但是球超出了他的触及范围。
tr	I	A wave of his scent , his gorgeous , sexy , toffee scent , flowed over her shoulder and a shiver traveled straight through her .
tr	I	It didn 't last long , but I laid my head back to rest .
tr	O	我还有我的斧头，并且我不会被打败！
tr	I	We shook on it , and would be used good .
tr	O	我清了清嗓子，并且她转过身来。
tr	I	She twisted harder and he cried out in pain .
tr	O	我今天过得很不顺，并且我把气撒在你身上了。
tr	O	其中一个属于那家旅馆，有明显的标志识别，并且另一个可能属于一位客人。
tr	O	环绕着松林镇的悬崖上还有许多其他致命的选择，但是这个特殊的悬崖有最陡峭的优势。
tr	I	Pigeon climbed in and the door opened .
tr	I	He slid an arm quietly around her , and Amara leaned in close against him .
tr	I	Now we 've found a small commercial lab here on the island that 's agreed to manufacture a few runs of the stuff , and oh .
tr	I	It sounds like multiple people but I can 't see anything .
tr	O	他的舌头抵着我的牙齿，并且我欢迎他进入我的嘴里。
tr	I	We 're hopeful , but she 's still sleeping .
tr	I	They need to be stopped , and this organization wants to destroy the Dreamscape .
tr	I	Andy was soon sweating and it was very warm .
tr	I	Granny Dee was knocking on the door and when she woke up , it was nighttime .
tr	I	Another sexy outfit , therefore it was acceptable , nor that was not an attempt to escape .
tr	I	You took my daughter away from me and I was innocent .
tr	O	他们没有其他衣物，但是他们大多数都相当毛茸茸的。
tr	O	索菲亚把她的金色长发从脸的一侧拨到另一侧，并且她优雅的钻石垂坠耳环在光线下闪闪发光。
tr	I	It will pay the bills , but it 's not exactly my passion .
tr	I	I am , but I shouldn 't be hungry .
tr	I	He didn 't know what the right answer was but he knew it was a test of some sort .
tr	I	They caught sight of the three immediately , and two guards were stationed at the bottom .
tr	O	她已经厌倦了阅读故事，但是一扇秘密的门是另一回事。
tr	O	我们每周偶尔会发短信，虽然没什么规律，并且我从不给他发短信，除非他先发起对话。
tr	I	I couldn 't recall even sitting up to do it , but it was my handwriting .
tr	O	然后为了报复他，我偷偷藏起了他最喜欢的红色T恤，并且后来我把它埋在了后院。
tr	O	她笑着对他说，并且那个婴儿点了点头。
tr	I	As I fell , my ankle twisted underneath me , and as she jumped the stream , I fell backwards .
tr	I	It was useless , but mysterious people in green helicopters went around drilling little holes for them so they wouldn 't starve .
tr	I	I didn 't enjoy actually hurting him , but I loved to torment my little brother .
tr	I	She shivered and rain battered against her .
tr	I	When she reached the second floor , she could see the door to the blue room cracked open , and Adrienne followed the sound .
tr	O	如果你照做，你的兄弟就会还给你，并且你就可以带他回家，如果那是你的愿望。
tr	I	M ranch , so why not his former home , too and Vlad had burned down the D ?
tr	O	她在我身后关上了门，并且风铃狂乱地响了起来。
tr	O	我和邓恩执事在枪械室共进晚餐，并且那些都是相当乏味的聚会。
tr	O	他对他们咆哮，但是他们紧紧地抓住了他。
tr	O	他看着她，惊讶地，并且几乎要恐慌了。
tr	O	国王可以治理王国，但是一个好的管家可以管住国王。
tr	O	任何一个白痴都会认识到这一点，并且他喜欢认为自己至少比白痴水平高一点。
tr	I	The great broadsword sliced viciously into their ranks , and whirling Bianca , he towered above the Frenchmen .
tr	I	The man was speaking Arabic , but Solomon removed his hand .
tr	I	Everything seemed to explode around them , and Julian leaned forward .
tr	I	I hated every second of it ... and I did all the things expected of me to look normal for a normal day of school .
tr	O	起初，迈克尔震惊得哭不出来，但是他不知道还能做什么。
tr	I	He knew something unexpected was warranted if he wished to make headway and she 'd been unnaturally tense since their talk on the beach that morning .
tr	I	That was about all you could say for it , but Black velvet looked good .
tr	O	她的目光扫向那些点头的男孩，并且她模仿了他们的动作。
tr	O	他的嘴巴张开着，并且当我意识到我在模仿他时，我猛地合上了嘴。
tr	I	Then Mortimer began to chatter cheerfully away about things they should do that day , and they ate in silence at first .
tr	I	He wanted her to know he truly understood her , but it wasn 't easy to reveal his biggest humiliation .
tr	O	当他完成时，莫里一家采纳了“人不为己”的原则，并且所有人都抢夺了自己的那份。
tr	O	我四下张望，看危险可能在哪里，但是我所看到的只是一片无边无际的白色衣物。
tr	I	Her body trembled and her teeth chattered .
tr	O	太阳正在迅速下沉，并且格雷很快就会到这里。
tr	I	Chelsea clung to it with all her might as their bodies jostled hers , and his gaze was glued to the tree as the cattle flew past .
tr	I	Ari knew she 'd make it through this just fine and her mother was tough .
tr	I	They were no danger so far away , but spirits from the dead they might be .
tr	O	在未来的日子里，他将不得不将所有这些事情在他心中化解，但是这一天还不是时候。
tr	I	She 'd be much less impressed with the whole idea or it 's obvious she 's never attended one of my family 's brunches .
tr	O	她笑了，但是笑意没有到达她的眼底。
tr	O	我问他要这笔钱是干什么用的，并且他说他正在建造东西。
tr	O	巨龙背着四个人是一项考验决心的苦差事，然而他拒绝放弃。
tr	I	How naive she 'd been and she stopped , remembering that scene .
tr	O	也许他们认为他是个疯子，或者他们有自己的问题要担心。
tr	I	I wanted to scream , but it felt exquisite .
tr	O	另一些人说他不存在，而且还有一些人说他只是一个过着模范生活的善良之人。
tr	O	停下，我再次说道，并且这次我没有喊叫。
tr	O	她向他弓起身子，并且他笑了。
tr	I	She felt a bit weak in the knees and immediately her body reacted to his presence .
tr	O	杰米拉扯铅笔拖慢了进度，但是埃莉诺设法开始列出名字。
tr	I	The taste very strong and the smell was peculiar .
tr	O	伊丽莎的下巴掉了下来，并且萨曼莎捂着肚子。
tr	O	他没有，并且她感到失望，因为她想要的不仅仅是一个快速的吻。
tr	O	她会需要我，但是我的双脚却像被固定在地上。
tr	O	她感觉到他抵着她的臀部硬了起来，并且一股巨大的快感让她颤抖。
tr	I	There was no answer but it rang several times .
tr	I	It stuns me , but a simple question .
tr	O	阿米拉并不是一个出色的骑手，但是她的紧迫感却推着她向前。
tr	O	他抓住了她的手臂，并且她把他甩开了。
tr	I	They 're all hopped up about Santa and it 's also Christmas Eve .
tr	O	他伸手抓我，并且我本能地后退了一步。
tr	I	Her gaze rounded quickly to Fin and her attention centered on them .
tr	O	她照我说的做了，并且我继续。
tr	O	他努力想要够到她，并且她却只是在向他告别。
tr	I	Instead it felt like someone had lit a fire in his chest , but he tried desperately to pull in oxygen .
tr	I	She silences and I say sternly .
tr	O	我绕过一个长长的弯道，像微风一样从两辆货运卡车之间穿过，并且体育场城占据了地平线。
tr	I	He was in no mood to be patronized , and a lecture was coming on .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew I would be begging .
tr	I	I peered up , and we moved to the middle .
tr	O	另一个身影从阴影中走进来，并且我再次拿起手枪。
tr	I	I 'm sure my face was as drained as hers and my chest pounded .
tr	O	她把它递还给我，并且我把它塞进了口袋。
tr	O	如果高王拿走了他们的塑形之力，他将不得不让他们活着，或者力量就会丧失，对吗？
tr	I	That wasn 't likely - and at least Cal was there , unless he 'd been taken out in the first minute .
tr	I	She looks at my hand , and her eyes stray .
tr	O	我突然盯着她，并且我知道那是一个威胁。
tr	I	Cassandra had beaten her to it but she went to answer the door .
tr	O	马尔科姆记得他们的妈妈，但是菲利普几乎什么都记不起来了。
tr	I	We will work out an arrangement for Pavel , and we 're splitting custody of this baby like adults .
tr	I	Because of her longing for power , we vampires were not set free and Nichole craved power .
tr	O	她正在胡思乱想，并且那是一个不好的预兆。
tr	I	Both were convinced I had a way to help them , but they barely knew me .
tr	O	但丁伸出手肘让我挽着，并且我再次意识到这里的男孩与众不同。
tr	I	Leaning toward no , but Poodle was uncertain .
tr	O	愤怒让我的嘴巴紧绷，并且我咬住睡衣长袖，以防止尖叫出我的沮丧。
tr	I	Her forehead creased and her lips parted .
tr	O	那天天气温暖，天空晴朗，而且阳光刺眼地反射在手机屏幕上。
tr	I	There was also a spark of anger in her gaze , but Hurt radiated from her as she continued to stare at Marcy .
tr	O	长时间的休息结束了，而且男人们正在恢复工作。
tr	I	They get it gratuitously and milk is for babies .
tr	O	她的任务是即兴的，甚至有些鲁莽，但是它很重要。
tr	I	I 've regretted nothing in my life more , and I never saw you again .
tr	O	我们中没有人对它被锁感到惊讶，但是本吉用他后备箱里的一些电线成功开锁却让我们所有人都感到惊讶。
tr	I	He wasn 't completely stupid , but he might have his pride .
tr	O	他紧握我的手，并且他倾向我。
tr	I	She wasn 't able to bring Lea down and the round ended .
tr	I	He made no comment but out of the corner of her eye she saw Fallon 's brows climb .
tr	O	那让她吓了一跳，并且她向后倾。
tr	O	她是亚历克斯见过的最友善的人，而且她似乎很崇拜霍伊。
tr	I	I was determined to learn this as quickly as possible , and I 'd always been a quick learner .
tr	O	我挠了挠他的耳朵，并且他移动了头部，让我能更好地够到。
tr	O	我不会称托马斯可爱，但是他很有魅力。
tr	I	She felt a moment of elation , and she still held the gun in her hand .
tr	O	我希望我没有在挑战运气，但是我需要一种只有音乐才能给我的消遣。
tr	O	当她把它拔出时，鲜血涌到她的手上，并且凯恩踉跄后退，捂着他的肋骨。
tr	I	Three throughout any given semester was as good as an expulsion , and one absence meant detention , two meant one week of suspension .
tr	I	My glasses didn 't take over my eyes , and the style seemed to draw attention to the shape of my face .
tr	I	They turned troublemakers over to the militia , and his employees were vigilant .
tr	I	He refuses , but we 've tried to force him to take a vacation .
tr	I	I couldn 't have her thinking the worst , but she wasn 't Adam 's biggest fan .
tr	I	From the way they talked about it , it seemed worse than my old memories of prison , but I couldn 't remember what The Tank was .
tr	O	马克试图招手让我停下，但是我当时没心情。
tr	I	The ghost of a smile appeared briefly on his face and Hugh glanced at him .
tr	I	It was Sawyer who flew off the handle , but I bristled at the derogatory tone in the word ' you ' .
tr	O	重症监护室在四楼，并且我们需要通行证才能上去。
tr	I	Every move he makes appears effortless , but he has that look of concentration on his face .
tr	I	Only a muffled growl of pain came out of his mouth , but he tried to speak .
tr	O	她爱他，并且她把他带到了这种境地。
tr	O	天气很暖和，并且我戴着手套。
tr	I	Color infused her cheeks , but her face was still pale .
tr	O	我把通讯器从夹克口袋里拿出来，并且看着显示屏。
tr	O	我大喊，但是他消失了。
tr	O	我想要知道故事的那个部分，但是现在我为逼他回答而感到内疚。
tr	O	他看到她不领情这个询问，但是话又说回来他也不喜欢她的语气。
tr	O	毕竟，他就是她仍然需要喝酒的原因，并且既然她没有喂他早餐，他可能饿坏了。
tr	O	他的表情很痛苦，而且这一点不假。
tr	O	泰妮从她手中拿走了它，并且他们三个人非常仔细地研究着它。
tr	I	She needed to face the inevitable and when they turned onto her parents ' street , an unsettling thought popped into her head .
tr	O	我的父母是波西米亚人，而且我们真的从未融入我们这类人。
tr	I	We entered the home of Desmond Tiny and about an hour later the tunnel ended .
tr	O	她祝他一切顺利，但是她无法成为他生命的一部分。
tr	O	他审视着我，神色纠结，但是他随后就妥协了。
tr	I	The cabin began to level off and the roar subsided .
tr	O	肖恩让她尝到了那种滋味，并且那不值得为之付出如此大的代价。
tr	I	I latched onto it and he gave me his hand , wrapped in medical bandages .
tr	I	Logan had never had a father , and my father had lost a son .
tr	O	尽管我们走路时他一次也没有松开我的手，并且他偶尔会停下来，只为看我一眼。
tr	I	Luca called a friend that night to set me up with lessons , but I think that suggestion was a joke on the doctor 's part .
tr	O	他歪了歪头，并且他的眼里充满了怜悯。
tr	I	The pain in his lungs was instantaneous , and he sucked in air violently .
tr	I	There appeared to be no bad effects from the virus and she ran a series of tests .
tr	O	爬坡很陡，并且林迪才走了几条街就已经气喘吁吁了。
tr	I	I didn 't know which ones to push , but there was a panel with buttons .
tr	I	She 's severed it completely or it 's either very faint .
tr	I	A long way back , but it was following them .
tr	O	莱昂斯继续坐在那里，并且我能感觉到他的目光在我背上。
tr	O	他的唇擦过她的，并且她对着它们露出了微笑。
tr	O	我立刻就知道了，并且我的心猛地一跳。
tr	I	They did not stop their search , ignoring every cry but people called out , all wanting the Browns ' attention .
tr	O	她的声音渐渐消失了，而且她的话语在我胸中点燃了更多的痛苦。
tr	I	For a moment we walk in silence and Roland takes my hand .
tr	O	Laura脸红了，当他们让她和他们自己都尽可能舒服的时候。
tr	I	The creature gave him a curious wink and he turned in surprise .
tr	I	It was annoying to wait for it to melt enough to spread but she only liked real butter .
tr	I	I said I would be fine , but Joseph offered to go with me .
tr	I	I was somewhat shocked to see the face of a good-looking man staring back at us and finally the door opened .
tr	I	Then she 'd always wonder , and Force her to accept they were meant to be together .
tr	I	Rhapsody could see the quick , furtive glances she kept directing her way , but Capella was studying her cards , as if oblivious .
tr	I	Jack had almost dropped it back on his cousin 's side table and although barely the size of his palm , it was heavy .
tr	I	I start counting my strides as I jog across the parking lot and my thoughts speed up .
tr	O	我很抱歉我没有在我说会打的时候打电话，但是我并非故意伤害。
tr	O	我真的不在乎你昨晚做了什么，而且我也不想听。
tr	I	The blood rushed instantly to his groin and she kissed him on the lips .
tr	I	The sparrows flew away for reasons I didn 't understand and Gravity held me firmly to the rock on this hill .
tr	I	Connor speaks up for me and I keep my head down .
tr	O	有一场战争，但是人们已经忘记了它。
tr	O	亚当的下流评论让我很不舒服，而且是时候停止侮辱奎恩了。
tr	O	电话几乎在凯恩刚睡着的时候就把他吵醒了，但是他立刻挣扎着去接。
tr	I	It 's there ; ever-present , lurking in the shadows , but I 've tried to deny it , to hide it .
tr	O	星盗的脸上容光焕发，并且我毫不怀疑地相信拉斐尔所说她与喜悦相合的话。
tr	I	It would not become an issue , but Franco cursed the wording of his agreement with his father .
tr	I	He was nowhere in sight , but the streets weren 't that crowded anymore since most people were going home for dinner .
tr	I	That would at least give me an idea of which way to face if things got dicey , and I should be able to glimpse any motion .
tr	I	They don 't have a bit of photography training , but Big fancy cameras that they spent a ridiculous amount on .
tr	O	他的目光与我锁定，并且他嘴角扬起一个坏笑。
tr	O	我理解你在学校，但是至少一个电话。
tr	O	我的身体对他的触碰有所回应，并且我的思想一直叫我停下！
tr	O	珍惜这自由赐予的生命，并且依你的本性爱皇帝。
tr	I	Expectations hung between them and her words trailed off .
tr	I	A silence hung , amplifying my awkwardness , and the joyfulness of the reunions had died down .
tr	I	There was Julian and she turned around .
tr	O	那个男人是个施虐狂，并且他本会伤害你。
tr	I	My fear stifled any possibility of a second volley , but I panicked , struggling to conjure another burst .
tr	I	Glowing down from the walls and trailing across the floor .
tr	I	You weren 't asking him to change his life , but I know you two got along .
tr	O	一个带平面的玻璃球，所以你就可以把它放下，并且它不会滚走。
tr	O	泪水开始盈满我的双眼，并且我瞥向我的靴子。
tr	O	他的左手腕完全碎了，并且他的一个肺被刺穿了。
tr	O	她的棕色眼睛很大，并且现在她的脸又白了。
tr	O	西装在右边的衣柜里，但是你不必穿一件。
tr	I	I grow bored , and all I see is black .
tr	I	I wasn 't exactly looking forward to walking home in heels , but I appreciated him thinking ahead .
tr	O	有一个停顿，并且我屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	她心里数到十，并且玛丽仍然没有回来。
tr	O	那是夏末，并且她整天泡在浴缸里加热水，试图取暖。
tr	O	他看起来不高兴见到我，并且我当然也不高兴见到他。
tr	O	他沿着它走过去，注意到抛光的核桃木地板和每个营房外木头上的靴跟印记。
tr	I	I still wish Mom were here , but it almost feels like a family .
tr	O	他们穿过一道烟墙，并且空气突然变得更凉爽、更清新、更容易呼吸。
tr	O	布莱恩的存在是个问题，但是也许它也是因祸得福。
tr	O	安吉丽娜的肩膀下沉，并且她垂下了头。
tr	O	象牙龟躺在她的一侧，没有完全缩进壳里，并且他们一起睡着了。
tr	O	一声微弱的抽泣在他的话语中从我喉咙里发出，并且我努力忍住眼泪。
tr	O	他眨了眨眼，并且一个微笑温暖了埃尔斯佩思蜡黄的脸。
tr	O	片刻之后她感到身下是平坦的道路，并且她敢于睁开眼睛。
tr	I	I opened my eyes , and someone yanked the stone horn out of my hands .
tr	O	入口周围有几条拴着的狗在嗅探，并且他能听到里面传来震耳欲聋的dub低音。
tr	I	No one else had ever set foot in these woods and she knew she had nothing to worry about because this was the Princeton Estate .
tr	O	我的全身因解脱而瘫软，并且我重新跌坐回椅子上。
tr	I	She would if she had to , but she didn 't want to shoot anyone .
tr	O	我为说了那话感到难过，但是胸口的一点压力却减轻了。
tr	O	我已经学习了我在学校错过的整整一个月的功课，并且我准备好迎接这场学术挑战了。
tr	I	The sun was beginning to drop quickly in the sky and it was late afternoon now .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , winded , taking involuntary gulps of air and I felt the air leaving my lungs in a rush .
tr	I	That included helping Savannah get on her feet , and he needed to stay focused on his job .
tr	I	The door opened , but he said nothing .
tr	O	他的胃是空的，并且没有任何东西吐出来。
tr	I	I rush to the entrance and blinding hot temper takes me over .
tr	O	当我陶醉地仰起头时，他的眼睛一直盯着我的脸，并且愉悦感涌遍全身。
tr	I	Whatever patience he 'd had a minute before , had evaporated completely and Alistair Tillman 's tone was harsh now .
tr	I	She glances guiltily at me , shielding her cell phone against her chest and Cami 's head jerks up .
tr	O	他在街上搜寻着，并且他的目光有一瞬间落在了我身上。
tr	I	I can help you and I can place orders .
tr	I	He 'd certainly benefitted from her death , and he 'd been the last person to see his wife alive .
tr	I	His face wasn 't giving away a thing , but I watched for some sign of what he was thinking as he walked silently to me .
tr	I	Antonio courteously opened the door for them , and the car pulled into the police station parking lot .
tr	O	大家可能仍然能听到我们，但是这是一种寻求隐私的尝试。
tr	O	我不确定为什么，但是我却奇怪地感到有他在我们身边很安心。
tr	O	他停顿了一下，并且他们俩都保持了沉默。
tr	I	I stared at Aiden , but I felt the girls line up , poised to tell the Wildcats to attack .
tr	O	他对我笑了笑，但是我却觉得在他深邃的眼睛里看到了担忧。
tr	O	他的小保镖很美，但是在他的世界里，美丽很常见。
tr	O	他对我的露了一下牙齿，并且他把嘴唇贴在了我的膝盖上。
tr	O	芭比在我们前一晚的交流后几乎不跟我说话，并且艾比甚至都不看我这边。
tr	I	She pulled away from Heath , but Jane 's breath panted out .
tr	I	We never knew when someone might die , and we had a traitor in our midst .
tr	O	那些男人不再受她意志的控制，但是抵在他们喉咙上的武器似乎足以让他们保持不动。
tr	O	他没有回应，并且我们陷入了沉默。
tr	O	她决定把它说出来，并且他打算帮助她。
tr	O	我们的爱由偷来的时光组成，但是也许我应该珍惜它们而不是争取不可能。
tr	I	Making small talk with a woman he barely knew was awful , but sex was one thing .
tr	O	香甜的肉在她舌尖爆发，并且她片刻间就将其吃完了。
tr	O	机动推进器启动了，并且他猛地撞向束缚装置，同时看向米奇。
tr	I	That 's not the point , but I don 't real y do it that much .
tr	I	The musicians struck up a tune , and he motioned with his hand .
tr	O	有两个，并且它们似乎在比赛谁能最快到达下一朵花。
tr	O	普鲁阿姨轻松地推开门，并且我们走上了一片岩石海岸线。
tr	O	阿南西脸上带着怀疑看向小鸟，并且他走到洞里冒着泡的锅前站着。
tr	I	Joe can be a pretty smooth talker when he wants to be , but the man naturally seemed apprehensive at first .
tr	O	艾娃说，并且他耸了耸肩。
tr	O	这很有趣，但是那是我们最后几次真正有意义的对话之一。
tr	O	他的皮肤很黑，但是一种病态的黄色从皮肤下显现出来。
tr	I	He slipped one hand behind her back to hold her up , all the while never letting the water pressure ease and her legs began to shake .
tr	O	有轻微的鼾声，并且有响亮的鼾声。
tr	O	萨凡纳缓慢地吸了一口气，并且她的呼吸变得平稳起来。
tr	I	This place was a throwback to a time generations past where the rules were different , but it might have been 1983 everyplace else .
tr	O	她吃的三明治不多，虽然如此，并且她每次伸手去拿水杯时都会畏缩一下。
tr	I	He placed them in his pockets , and his hands shook .
tr	I	Together they found a spot out of the wind to do his thing and she put Sid on a leash .
tr	I	I put my pen down to look at her and she sat with me at the table where I was studying .
tr	O	他们是贵族，所以文图尔无法处决他们，但是他非常喜欢更残酷的纪律形式。
tr	I	The door slid into the recess in the wall , and grasping the lever , he jerked it to the side .
tr	I	To be honest his deductions seemed very straightforward , and he explained how he had reached his conclusions .
tr	I	I need to concentrate and I 'm healing Dimitri 's body .
tr	O	他问我是否想要一个，并且我摇摇头，告诉他我很少再喝酒了。
tr	I	It doesn 't seem to faze him , but I try giving him my coldest stare .
tr	I	He ordered another beer and a blond waitress appeared from nowhere .
tr	O	盒子落到地板上，并且她听到附近有女性的声音。
tr	O	我感到我的脸又红了，并且我咬住下唇以防像个傻瓜一样咧嘴笑。
tr	I	She waved her hands in the same fashion she had done before to banish the ghost of Dave 's grandfather and this startled the medium .
tr	O	人们包围了她，但是他们无法阻止她离开房间。
tr	I	She was more than willing to help me out , and her locker was next to Laurel 's in PE .
tr	I	One of his friends had Miranda in a half Nelson and a dark skinned boy had Milton pressed to the ground .
tr	O	他的小女儿处于危险之中，而且他无力拯救她。
tr	I	Tom kicked out , smashing the guards left knee but the guard lifted his sword for a killing blow .
tr	I	Derek just murdered his own father , but he may not know it yet .
tr	O	这对我们来说毫无意义，而且德国暴行的故事几乎没人相信。
tr	I	She 'd been certain a moment ago , too , but he sounded so certain .
tr	I	His alone , and no , it was his fault .
tr	O	没人接听，而且我看得出来你真的很害怕。
tr	I	He winced in pain , and Instantly Eliot saw Clare 's face in his mind .
tr	O	我以为我之后可以和她谈谈，但是悼词结束后，她已经离开了。
tr	I	Wesley 's pleading look assuaged her , but her eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	O	他知道我知道，但是他不在乎。
tr	I	Everybody was right , but I went to art school because I wasn 't good at anything else except drawing .
tr	O	我试着微笑，但是这并没有骗过他。
tr	O	他拿了我桌前的一把椅子，而且我拿了另一把。
tr	O	露西停顿了，并且我听到了背景中的声音。
tr	I	Allie could not save him , but he would be the victim of all this .
tr	I	The sheet was tugged away and my coffee was set aside .
tr	O	她说，并且我停止了流下幸福的泪水，因为现在我正在笑。
tr	O	护士说那是常见的，并且我不应该担心。
tr	I	I certainly enjoyed learning to attack more than I liked repeatedly attempting to free myself from an assailant , and Bex seemed to enjoy teaching those more .
tr	O	尽管我答应他我不会哭，所以我没有哭，但是我为他承受的痛苦才刚刚开始消逝。
tr	I	He immediately informs the rest of the team , and the first operative to reach the plane sees that it has finished unloading .
tr	O	她更喜欢前者，但是她不会拒绝后者。
tr	I	I doubted they 'd be happy ones , but I had no idea what kind of memories I 'd see down here .
tr	O	他不愿意撤销他无爱的誓言，显然，但是我对我原以为他感受到的冷漠判断错了。
tr	O	我记得这件事，因为我们妈妈们吵了一架，并且丽拉不得不早回家时我哭了。
tr	I	He sounded somewhat nervous , and Troy started the conversation .
tr	I	I jumped before running over to answer it and a knock at my door caught me off guard .
tr	O	歌曲结束后，诺亚笑了，打破了魔咒，并且接着感谢了DJ。
tr	I	She held the thick file folder in front of her chest defensively but Helen chose to simply stand in place , eyebrows rising in polite inquiry .
tr	I	If so , she didn 't feel the information passing through her , but she might be the conduit .
tr	I	I am so confused , and since the night we went out , he 's changed completely .
tr	O	尼克自信地迎上那目光，并且两个男孩同时移开了视线。
tr	O	我笑了，但是那笑容太勉强了。
tr	I	It didn 't matter -- but we had so little in common .
tr	I	We will keep it at a marina that is walking distance from the cottage , and we bought it today .
tr	I	The door whipped inward , and as Jason knocked a third time , locks disengaged .
tr	O	那些时候他消失在树林里，并且又奇怪地变得精神焕发。
tr	I	We both tried to ignore each other , and I spread out on the kitchen table with my calculations .
tr	O	他当时应该去找联邦调查局的，但是他却决定再等一整天。
tr	I	When she saw all the uniforms standing there , she had a meltdown , and Kathy answered the doorbell .
tr	I	Tears start to spill out of my eyes again and I rest my head on his cold chest .
tr	O	约翰同意了，但是该隐却像一股恶臭一样不受待见。
tr	O	起初我不敢尖叫，但是那似乎是唯一能让他动摇的东西。
tr	O	啤酒让我放松了下来，并且伊森那诱人的气息温暖了我的身体。
tr	O	她并不恨他，不是发自内心深处，并且她想恨他，只因为恨更容易。
tr	O	他不像她见过的任何一个大学生，但是他看起来不像一个教授那样老。
tr	I	I can tell that he is a powerful person , but he is not so tall .
tr	I	I had no idea that she had any real feelings for me , and I had no idea that she had been the one leaving the notes .
tr	I	For once she was at a loss , but she knew she needed to do something .
tr	O	克莉丝汀咯咯笑了，并且柯蒂斯哼了一声。
tr	I	Muddy Run would always be home but she may have gotten the world 's attention .
tr	I	We had to put it behind us , and he told me that she was gone .
tr	O	他咕哝着，并且听到他声音里充满情欲，我感觉自己更湿润了。
tr	I	They wouldn 't let me , but I was on a path to destroy myself .
tr	I	He didn 't glance in my direction , yet my rocking chair was three feet from the airport office door .
tr	O	她把她的小手放进我的手里，并且我紧紧地握住了它。
tr	I	I didn 't realize how much , but it felt like this moment mattered .
tr	O	我会找到全国最好的施刑者，并且我会让你慢慢地、慢慢地死去。
tr	O	我正在醒来，但是慢慢地恢复意识。
tr	O	今晚他拥有了她的身体，并且那必须足够了。
tr	I	No words came out but she opened her mouth .
tr	I	Helen saw his shoulders sag , and Jack stared out the window .
tr	I	He was smiling and she was stunned .
tr	I	I prayed Ana was okay , that nothing was wrong , and the dragon shot through the air , toward the island .
tr	O	她没等我跑上楼梯，并且我决心尽快完成这件事。
tr	O	另一股恶臭的微风侵袭了她的鼻孔，并且夏娃在她脸前挥了挥手。
tr	O	播音员让他回来，但是他挥手拒绝了。
tr	I	You could always sense when they were about to jump in by default and at court they would sit on the sidelines , watching the men train .
tr	O	他知道他的生活发生了巨大的变化，而且很长一段时间里，他可能会觉得一切都不会再一样了。
tr	O	我已经做出了我的选择，并且我会再次做出同样的选择。
tr	O	该隐伸手掐向她的喉咙，并且她猛地向后仰去。
tr	O	她的膝盖疼痛，并且它们似乎与她的臀部形成奇怪的对照，而臀部仍然因她每天早晨的毒打而刺痛。
tr	I	She didn 't intend to let any negative energy ripple through the crowd and she knew how fast gossip spread .
tr	O	并不是说我当时就想做任何激烈的事情，但是我必须知道是否总有出路。
tr	I	It slammed up against me and his partner immediately kicked at the base of the bedroom door .
tr	O	我妈妈说我擅长园艺，但是我一直都知道这不仅仅是运气。
tr	I	There were shadows on all faces now , but there had been a shadow on his face .
tr	O	她试图逃跑，但是绳结牢牢地系着。
tr	O	她的右眼不见了，并且她的鼻子被砸得如此严重，以至于它更像腻子而不是人肉。
tr	I	I watch Megan expertly mount Storm , and June waves me over to her .
tr	O	他只能低声呼唤她的名字，但是她把目光投向了他。
tr	I	He swore under his breath and he glanced back .
tr	I	That reminds me of him even more , but there 's a musky scent in the room , something that doesn 't exactly smell like Elder .
tr	O	我完全沮丧，并且我觉得我好几天没睡觉了。
tr	I	She 'd long ago given up trying to understand their peculiar tendencies , and it seemed to be the case in her family , at least .
tr	I	He could not look away and he felt his heart heavy .
tr	O	科尔顿减速了，但是里斯继续跑。
tr	O	我的客户很特别，并且他们有特殊需求。
tr	O	我进入了防御模式，并且我对此不高兴。
tr	I	As much as Pearl had , and she wanted Travis to love Gregory as much as she did .
tr	I	I followed her gaze and she looked down at something .
tr	I	It has no historical precedence , but a modern shower in a tract house in the suburbs may seem like an odd venue to experience bliss .
tr	O	她呼吸变得更困难了，并且她的心跳急需减慢。
tr	O	他在我走近时抬头看了看，并且我看到了他在做什么。
tr	O	一个三重奏开始在吧台尽头演奏，并且几个人起身跳舞，伴着《冬日乐园》。
tr	I	Now I knew how wrong I was , but I 'd thought he was getting better .
tr	I	He could only call his mood elated , and it was the start of a new Season , his first complete Season with Elizabeth as his wife .
tr	O	几只海鸥在高空中盘旋，并且一只流浪狗出现在了路的尽头。
tr	O	我知道它们可能很恶毒，但是我从未遇到任何麻烦。
tr	I	He planned to tell them in person , and Ryan had every intention of telling her family about his decision to let them raise Sam .
tr	O	看起来他们可能略微错估了伏击时机，但是他们正在加倍弥补。
tr	O	有一秒钟惊愕的寂静，然后那些打手去拿他们的枪。
tr	O	迪伦的眼睛在黑暗中闪烁，但是他变得沉默了。
tr	O	她的眼睛差点从眼眶里弹出来，并且她困惑地看着卡罗琳。
tr	I	He flinched at my touch , and I tried to grab his arm .
tr	O	我发出了一点声音，并且布雷克猛地转过头来看我。
tr	O	那浓密的金黄色雅利安人头发被剪成了平头，并且染成了巧克力棕色。
tr	O	玛丽斯动了动她的手，并且他立刻松开了它们。
tr	O	他们检查了通往山顶的小径，但是附近没有其他人。
tr	I	He hates it and I 'm hostile .
tr	O	她很快就会安全，并且我也会坚强起来。
tr	O	几下划水就把我带到了他身边，并且那时我抓住了他。
tr	I	He knew it , and I hadn 't messed up .
tr	I	She was herself , and she was home .
tr	I	As he pushed his way inside , he flipped on the lights , and randomness ended at the door .
tr	I	She was ashamed of it , but as I studied her , I realized suddenly that not only was she hiding something .
tr	I	They all moved to the long table at the far end of the hall , and Supper was announced then .
tr	I	Hudson was sitting at the next bench , but David was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	当地保险代理人协会进来一起吃他们的每月午餐，并且因为天气很热，他们都非常口渴。
tr	O	在他记忆的边缘，他的一点梦境残存着，并且他听到自己尖叫。
tr	O	她打电话回家，但是没有人接听。
tr	O	他打了个响指，并且他的保镖在他身后立正了。
tr	O	她此刻除了轻微的恼怒，对他毫无感觉，但是也许会发展出一种吸引力。
tr	O	约翰的眼睛闪烁着光芒，并且那张布满皱纹的旧脸露出了一个向往的笑容。
tr	O	本能让我退缩，并且然后我立刻为自己的举动感到尴尬。
tr	I	He lurched for it , and the phone rang .
tr	O	那半边笑容还在，但是它缺少了往常的沾沾自喜。
tr	O	我不想停止触摸他，但是想让他进入我体内的渴望是如此强烈。
tr	I	His eyes widened and his wave froze .
tr	O	我在心里尖叫着，并且很快我感觉到他退出了。
tr	I	The Atlantic approached and I slipped into drunkenness while she rambled , pouring her insane mind on to my drunken one as Portugal passed below us .
tr	O	男人带着严肃的表情盯着信，但是那个表情并不冰冷。
tr	O	上帝热爱生命，并且做律师对上帝来说并不比追老鼠更重要。
tr	I	Hagan still couldn 't remember that Nick didn 't drink coffee and they 'd been partners for almost three years .
tr	O	每个池塘都有漂浮的蜡烛，并且所有喷泉的水都在水下被灯光染上色彩。
tr	I	He seemed determined not to disappoint a single person and he had brought his own money .
tr	O	他不确定，但是他一生都是氏族领袖。
tr	O	直觉告诉她可以信任本，但是同时她的哥哥也是对的。
tr	O	她已经和父母商量过了，并且大家都同意这将是她爷爷一生中最精彩的时刻。
tr	I	He held up a hand , but she opened her mouth to speak .
tr	I	He wasn 't having any of it , but I tried to return to my dormitory in a state of confusion .
tr	I	He supposed that over the past year that opinion had changed slightly , and he had always thought her pretty .
tr	I	He heard the metallic ring as the hook struck the wood and it landed heavily .
tr	O	死亡就是死亡，并且失去就是失去。
tr	I	It thunders to life and he starts up the engine .
tr	I	Several people turned to look and his voice pitched a little too loud just as the song ended .
tr	O	滚烫的液体顺着我的喉咙流下，并且那股热度几乎难以忍受。
tr	I	I squeezed my eyes shut , and the room shifted to the left .
tr	I	He swore Lady Westfield would pay with her life if his death came by my hand , but I would have killed Eldridge long ago .
tr	O	一辆面包车开进了他们另一边的停车位，并且一群衣衫褴褛的家伙下了车，搬着音乐设备。
tr	O	如果你想和陌生人说话，你可以，但是没有压力。
tr	O	克莱尔精疲力尽，但是她无法忍受在他们牢牢锁定罗斯之前就放弃的想法。
tr	I	He contemplated the cubes as though they were objects of a secret rite , and I tossed him the dice .
tr	O	伊洛娜看着约翰，想看他是否对这个问题感到不舒服，但是他回答时直视着她的眼睛。
tr	O	他的手还在流血，并且我相当担心。
tr	I	He melts into me and I arch into him .
tr	I	I convinced her otherwise , but she talked about pressing charges , Connor .
tr	O	他仍然非常瘦，并且他依靠拐杖保持平衡。
tr	O	我走近了，并且我给出了答案。
tr	O	我无法翻译全部内容，但是我认出了几个咒骂词。
tr	I	It hasn 't ever been more than a humble farmhouse , but my old house has been added onto over the years .
tr	I	His dented pride could not tolerate it and her ex-husband wanted a fight , probably because she had left him .
tr	O	我半预期会响起某种警报，但是只有夜晚的寂静迎接了我。
tr	O	他猜到轮到他等了，并且他从来就不擅长等待。
tr	O	黛比张开嘴想说什么，但是话语却说不出来。
tr	I	It was worth it , but Practice would start late .
tr	O	街对面围了一群人，并且我确信警察随时都会来逮捕他们俩。
tr	O	恐慌在我心中升起，但是我将其压制下去。
tr	I	She quickly hid it , but as though something had just struck her deep .
tr	O	他们直接把他的爸爸带回去了，并且他从那以后就没出来过。
tr	I	I 'm stunned , standing in the middle of the front office , but he leaves .
tr	O	他的胃绞痛起来，并且有一瞬间胆汁上涌。
tr	I	Ted was careful to keep the distance between them pretty constant , but gradually their pace slowed .
tr	O	罗姆看起来目瞪口呆，但是那没关系。
tr	O	一半在这里，并且一半留在你的飞机上。
tr	O	这张桌子看起来像杂志版面，并且我满怀骄傲。
tr	O	它没有任何实质的经济价值，但是情感的价值高得多。
tr	O	当她打开它时，每个人都向前倾身去看，并且在圈子周围响起一阵惊叹的低语声。
tr	O	她仍然有练习，但是我还是去了学校。
tr	I	All I felt was the carved moldings under my fingertips , but I wanted to feel some sort of connection to him .
tr	O	理查德似乎仍然被这一切困扰，有点恍惚，但是我认为随着伤疤愈合他正在好转。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是这就像一个启示。
tr	O	阿加莎骄傲地点点头，但是当她低头看着自己粗糙的双手时，她的笑容消失了。
tr	O	那么，请跟着我们，并且我们会带您去医院。
tr	O	当然，如果我给了那男人足够的时间，他就会攻击我，而且我就不得不自卫。
tr	O	他感到更加警觉，尽管他的手在颤抖并且他正在头痛。
tr	O	他昨晚离开罗克珊后去开车了，并且他直到偶然路过这个地方才有所察觉。
tr	O	这艘船处于震惊状态，但是大流士的内心却截然相反。
tr	I	It did a whole lot of nothing , but I banged on the side of the fence .
tr	O	这是一顿美味的午餐，并且他拍了拍自己的肚子。
tr	O	他用他一直压抑着的所有爱吻了她，并且茱莉亚最后的恐惧也消失了。
tr	O	更多的喷气机飞过，并且更多的爆炸震动着地面，随着Z主席的旅程使他更接近援兵。
tr	I	I clutched the armrest , and my stomach turned circles .
tr	O	我停止说话了，因为确实没什么可说的了，并且我的心口有这种刺痛感。
tr	I	This time isolated the audio , but she rewound the Texas footage .
tr	I	The black blood being born in our tribe was an omen and Red became the color of our power .
tr	O	女服务员出现了，并且她叫来了一个水手。
tr	I	The space opened up and abruptly the tunnel widened .
tr	I	Deep inside he was frightened , but Hiro kept an expressionless face .
tr	I	She willed herself to breathe deeply , and she felt the anxiety tightening in her chest .
tr	I	Her brother wasn 't one to give up , but it might take the man a little while to do it .
tr	I	He was no longer panting but his face was still red .
tr	I	If she had her scent she was in even greater danger , but he couldn 't help her if he couldn 't find her scent .
tr	O	她不知道她那舒缓的语气是否能让他放松，但是值得一试。
tr	I	The numbers seemed endless , but likely it was exhaustion .
tr	I	The knots in my shoulders untied , and my exhale came like a sudden release of air from a balloon .
tr	I	I reached for her arm to stop her , but she started to lift her cover-up to put it back on .
tr	O	我还没告诉博，但是我不会回家了。
tr	O	我知道杰西喝醉了会很刻薄，但是这即使对她来说也太过分了。
tr	I	He killed her and she was fine .
tr	O	他把白色内衣扎进了裤子里，但是那已经是场合允许的最正式装束了。
tr	I	Gage took them silently and the earthen steps were steep .
tr	I	The Bursar had gone to sleep on him , and the Librarian had gone back to being a deckchair as a suitable mode for shipboard life .
tr	I	She froze and his nostrils flared at her movement .
tr	O	我假装咆哮了一声，并且她戳了我的手臂一下。
tr	O	约书亚转向他的哥哥，但是没有回应。
tr	I	They both incited much interest from the females in the kingdom , and both of them were eligible bachelors .
tr	O	对这位女士来说，幸运的是我不是他们中的一员，并且我对她笑了笑。
tr	O	房子里所有的灯都熄灭了，并且音乐也在两个多小时前停止了。
tr	O	她警惕地看着我，并且我深吸了一口气。
tr	I	There were still a few spots left to sit down , but it was already relatively full of people .
tr	O	他的手抓住了鞋带，并且他把查尔斯拽向自己。
tr	I	In the past four months , he 'd learned to embrace it , and Hope , he 'd learned , was sometimes all a person had .
tr	I	I saw her boyfriend in there with her , but I went to her room to say something .
tr	O	我的膝盖开始发抖，并且我喘着急促而无法控制的气。
tr	O	我不确定她是否希望我跟着她，但是我还是跟着了。
tr	O	肯尼思的急促吸气让我担忧，但是我因他无奈的回应而如释重负地瘫软下来。
tr	I	Your sign was literally right there and we arrived back in the present .
tr	O	奇怪的是，这竟然发生在我的后院，并且我甚至都不知道，因为我通常十点左右下班。
tr	O	魅力将会消逝，并且它将变得毫无保护。
tr	I	Her grip tightened and she inhaled .
tr	O	马库斯让那道目光持续了几秒钟，但是那是一个渺茫的希望。
tr	O	里面黑如夜晚，并且几乎没有足够的空间容纳他们两人，两人都坐着。
tr	I	Rock barely held on as she split between two cars and suddenly she swerved .
tr	I	They had no choice , but Gray couldn 't argue with her .
tr	O	香烟打火机弹了出来，并且他从其电热插座中抓住了它。
tr	I	His eyes showed the agony that attacked him , but John was awake .
tr	O	科尔比长时间地审视着她，并且他便带着慵懒的性感回以微笑。
tr	O	我按下了解锁按钮，并且她把门推开了。
tr	I	Abortion just wasn 't an option for me , but I wasn 't going to judge what was right for someone else .
tr	O	那生物没有回答，但是它直视着我。
tr	I	The blue of his shirt made his eyes practically glow , and his blond hair was a bit shaggy .
tr	O	他们足够诚实，但是他们是个麻烦。
tr	I	He waved it away , but she brought a glass of water to Ned .
tr	O	我等着杰克再发表评论，但是他闭口不言。
tr	I	Also none shall leave , but it keeps us safe by allowing none to enter .
tr	O	我紧紧地握住他的手腕，并且他轻轻地叹了口气。
tr	O	他的眼睛一看到他们就眯了起来，并且他靠在我的胸口，吸入我灼热皮肤的气味。
tr	I	He drove the army as fast as he could , and Wilmot was still as enthusiastic as ever , however .
tr	O	充气城堡的入口打开了，并且孩子们开始涌出来。
tr	O	蚊子在飞行中变得狂乱，并且蜻蜓迅速地在旅行者的棚屋周围飞舞，从空中捕捉蚊子。
tr	O	当卡西抽身离开时，她的眼睛很悲伤，但是她却灿烂地笑着。
tr	I	I 've forgotten it entirely and I was cooking dinner for you .
tr	I	James held her in place with a firm hand on her back , but she tried to thrust back on him .
tr	I	He sent Reece in for testing , and she mentioned this to their family practitioner .
tr	I	Christmas music was playing and the mall was decorated for the holidays .
tr	I	Then maybe she shouldn 't be thinking at all , but she didn 't know what to think about any of this .
tr	I	The bird gives a caw of objection , and I slip my knife from its sheath .
tr	O	珍向黑暗中寻找那个影子，但是它已经不见了。
tr	I	The bedroom faced east , and the God King 's palace was higher than the surrounding wall .
tr	O	前门开了，并且两个高大的男人走了进来。
tr	I	I get her out then I keep her with me , and you give me the key to wherever she is being kept .
tr	O	他们对我们而言已经逝去了，但是实际上并非如此，你知道吗？
tr	O	他碰了碰她的肩膀，并且她能感到因她的安全而带来的宽慰涌遍全身。
tr	O	我在他耳边低语，并且他开始挠我痒痒。
tr	O	任何稍有理智的女人都不会那样做，但是他不像我们一样思考。
tr	I	You 're not part of them , And Keller didn 't need to add .
tr	I	He looked like an intern and we had seen him give a speech on a Main Street event .
tr	O	亚当从未原谅过自己，并且他的父亲也从未原谅过自己。
tr	I	His hardened length pressing against the crotch of my swimsuit bottoms approved wholeheartedly , but his face registered something like surprise .
tr	I	He returned her gaze and she stared at Steven .
tr	I	I am ignorant of many things , and I know many things .
tr	O	我们很强大，并且我们会胜利。
tr	I	It 's quiet and he stops barking .
tr	I	She whimpered as if in pain , and the pup 's eyes grew white .
tr	O	那是如此简单的一件事，但是其中蕴含着一种美。
tr	I	Trevor was out of reach , but Nate tried to prod him .
tr	I	I pursed my lips to stop myself from smiling at him and he winked at me .
tr	I	A fresh pair of arms took their place and the arms that were cuffed together fell to the rocky ground .
tr	I	Most likely he would never be sitting in this airport waiting to board this flight and if she was successful , she would change history .
tr	I	At the same time the stage spots lit up the area to the left , and the lights dimmed .
tr	I	Gabriel finally got some time off , but he had to wait another week .
tr	O	她一直都不正常吗，并且我一直都没有发现吗？
tr	O	她回想起骑乘他那粗大的肉棒，并且一股回应的湿润感涌上她的两腿之间。
tr	I	You want me , and I trust you .
tr	O	我拉动绳子，并且给它更多松弛。
tr	I	He was listening , but Yankee didn 't answer .
tr	O	茉莉是为他们的争吵而受苦的人，并且艾因斯利对她心生怜悯。
tr	I	All eyes were on Stone and they were smiling brightly .
tr	O	他开始伸手去拿床头柜上的相册，但是他在最后一秒把手缩了回来。
tr	I	It seemed as though Jeff 's was getting quieter , but they couldn 't understand what the muffled voices said .
tr	I	Instead of causing trouble he keeps the community together , but I guess you can compare him to a mercenary .
tr	O	营地四周，D连保护我免受散乱怪物的袭击，但是战斗感觉很遥远。
tr	O	他的头从她身上滑开，并且他向上瞥了一眼。
tr	O	是苏西，但是你们两个是一样的。
tr	I	There 's no going back , and someone did this to me .
tr	O	这让我想起了和摩托车在一起的第一天，他虽然块头更大了，而且我现在感觉更像个孩子了。
tr	O	我们大概聊了至少一个小时，并且我竟然最终喜欢上了她。
tr	O	灯开始亮起，并且液体开始流动。
tr	O	她的眼睛眯了起来，并且她的嘴唇抿着。
tr	O	我的声音没有颤抖，但是我的心在疼痛。
tr	O	这不是训练官告诉我们做的方式，但是我一点都不在乎。
tr	I	She is attempting to resist my charm , but I am doing my best to make her my wife .
tr	I	Mike didn 't think he 'd have been able to say yes to the position , or the situation was temporary while Simon recovered .
tr	O	他扔掉了那块黄布，并且它躺在他的身体旁边。
tr	I	He hadn 't complained , but the wound ran deep .
tr	O	我听说她丈夫来自那些波士顿富裕家庭之一，而且他非常英俊。
tr	I	Sara could have sworn she saw a fifty on it and Ron handed Thomas a bill .
tr	I	He opened it before she did so ... but Vain was about to knock on the door to Dr. Clarity 's room .
tr	I	The comforter at least covered the sheet , but Evan 's bed wasn 't neatly made .
tr	O	我知道我是安全的，并且在那一刻，那意味着一切。
tr	O	她的轻盈身躯贴着他，并且他陶醉在她柔软身体紧贴的触感中。
tr	O	“FENCE”意味着你给我东西，并且我为此给你钱。
tr	I	That was a top priority , and he wanted his son back .
tr	I	He 's moving around too much , but I try to follow his line of sight .
tr	I	It had always been only a dream , but she 'd always dreamed of meeting one for real .
tr	I	It was easy to see it was a rabbit feeding and the spot grew in size .
tr	I	For all my searching , I 'd gotten one word , and I 'd spent the last several hours going through records .
tr	I	My mouth went instantly dry and my skin started to burn .
tr	I	White ferries glided past , and the green water glittered like diamonds .
tr	O	她试图翻过副驾驶座，但是这花太长时间了。
tr	I	He really did care about us , and he was a good man .
tr	O	我走进客厅时环顾四周，但是我没看到我妈妈在任何地方。
tr	I	Something close to it slipped out of her mouth , but she tried not to laugh .
tr	I	I winced , clasping my wrist , and Pain shot through my left arm .
tr	I	A younger werewolf could take him down easily , but his animal was a wildcat .
tr	I	Then the alarm clock buzzed , and it was still dark outside .
tr	O	她开始把那东西缠绕在身上，但是我介入了。
tr	O	门轻轻地开了，并且她爸爸探头进来看。
tr	O	他的笑容一直咧到耳朵根，并且玛丽只好对此说些什么。
tr	O	妮基让波本酒源源不断，并且音乐也变得更响了。
tr	O	塞莉亚完美雕琢的牙齿张开，并且我狂喜地想，它来了！
tr	O	他指的是土壤治愈性的丰饶，但是他却无法提及他们身在何处。
tr	O	肉很干，并且奶酪像塑料一样。
tr	O	关于前方的未知，并且关于他绝不允许发生之事。
tr	I	I continued into my room and Will turned to go in .
tr	I	It hurt like hell but she said it softly .
tr	O	他的笑容很谨慎，但是却充满了真实的温情。
tr	I	His arm snaked around her waist like a vice , but she started to leave .
tr	O	我几周内要交学费，并且我们还要交房租。
tr	I	I didn 't like how it made me feel ill at ease , and I had a black cloud hanging at the back of my mind .
tr	O	玛拉把手放在他手臂上，但是他甩开了。
tr	I	Allie could tell his mind was frantically racing through possibilities , but he said that with absolute certainty .
tr	O	他的勃起抵着我的臀部，并且我无法阻止臀部向其颤动。
tr	I	It 's a tragedy in its own right to throw that away because of something neither of us did , and we 're so good together .
tr	I	It was coming down on top of her , and it was coming down .
tr	O	她想念他触碰她脚踝的感觉，但是当他的手指轻柔地拂过她的脸颊时，她立刻原谅了他。
tr	I	What he 's really looking at is inside his own head , but she tries to follow the gaze .
tr	O	他们的嘴唇只有一线之隔，并且他们的目光都紧紧地盯着对方。
tr	I	I cried in his arms before I left and Jack took me to the airport the evening of my flight .
tr	O	他也是对的，而且她为此恨他。
tr	I	Patches of stars shone through it and the roof had collapsed long ago .
tr	I	I am lost , but I feel like I should be able to .
tr	I	I was too weak but I let you take care of Becca when it should have been me .
tr	O	他曾试图从她手中夺走它，但是当他触碰它时，其中的光芒已经熄灭了。
tr	O	你认为违反规则不会伤害到别人，但是它会的。
tr	O	她笑容满面地站起来，并且她握住了他的手。
tr	O	他的工作服褪到了脚踝处，而且天哪，他在月光下努力搬运着这个东西。
tr	O	她从我手中接过他，并且他带着可见的愉悦颤抖依附于她。
tr	O	我对小型精品酒店有个想法，并且我劝说那里的一个银行家给我提供资金。
tr	O	昨天，在她的婚礼上，那天本是美好的一天，但是结局却不那么有趣。
tr	O	一声尖叫从我喉咙里发出，并且她的注意力从他转移到我身上。
tr	O	那个金发女人滑到地板上，并且简从她的身体上跨过去。
tr	O	他伤得很重，但是他仍然伸出手去够她。
tr	O	他的头很痛，并且他感到很难过。
tr	O	我会努力成为一个更好的人，并且你今天尽力去做任何事。
tr	O	路边一间棚屋的门砰地一声关上，并且一位老妇人蹒跚地走向他。
tr	O	我很快就会变成虫子的食物，并且那野兽将能悠闲地享用我的血肉。
tr	I	She refused , but I asked her to sit down .
tr	O	这里灯火通明，而且现在我们有了要应付的交通。
tr	I	It 's painful to look at , but Trick 's mouth pulls up in what approximates a grin .
tr	O	洛根看起来很严肃，而且这让我警觉。
tr	I	Rhiannon turned toward them , and one of those insipid little humans yelled .
tr	O	天色还很早，而且他想在中午前赶到老州议会大厦。
tr	I	The Cook Strait had lived up to its reputation for wind and it had been a wet spring on the South Island .
tr	I	The king said nothing , but the impertinence in that throw should have earned her a trip to the gallows .
tr	O	他可能害怕，但是我没有。
tr	I	Your rebels will earn our appreciation , and well , give the God King 's priesthood what we desire .
tr	O	门在我身后咔哒一声关上了，并且我重新穿上高跟鞋。
tr	I	This test would allow him to see if Guillaume would tell the truth , but Maximilian already knew the answer .
tr	O	我给了她地址，并且她同意尽快过来。
tr	I	The frame rattled as the door slammed behind us , and Dee ushered me out of the room .
tr	I	Suddenly I realized he was on the wrong side , but I had never snapped at him like that before .
tr	O	他的手停留在原处，僵硬如骨，并且卡罗知道他正在抑制藏起它们的冲动。
tr	I	Rising almost by the hour , and it was now at fifty .
tr	O	我以为在……一切之后会感觉很奇怪，但是我无法控制。
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安撞到了她，并且他们的背贴在了一起。
tr	I	She quickly realized the cars wouldn 't stop to let her pass and one step into traffic .
tr	I	Tears still pool in her eyes but Hailey gives me a small smile .
tr	O	她向前倾去拿第十三个玻璃杯，并且她的头发如波浪般垂落在她脸上。
tr	O	他最终不得不向媒体发表声明，但是他首先需要检查证据。
tr	I	He let her settle deeper onto him at her own pace , but beneath her , she could feel how tense every muscle was .
tr	I	His skin was lobster red , and he was covered in soot .
tr	O	我们采集了几份血液样本，并且结果都一样。
tr	O	它是一个隧道，并且有某种东西在吸引我进去。
tr	O	他身上没有钱，或者他会把所有的钱都给那个孩子。
tr	I	Still crying he gave her a bloodshot stare and he rubbed his temples .
tr	I	Once again I blamed myself , and I thought of Stephanie , for I knew we must be near the underpass where her body was found .
tr	O	你的目的以许多不同的方式展现，然而最终只会有一个综合结果。
tr	O	大多数人都在吃东西，并且有点心不在焉。
tr	I	We finish and you come back tomorrow .
tr	I	You had a tan , and your hair was loose .
tr	O	整个烂摊子都是罗曼的错，而且他现在有茉莉和他一起工作。
tr	I	She smiled , and he barked .
tr	O	他领我到他的卧室，而且我的心率加快了。
tr	O	远处传来割草机的嗡嗡声，并且蜜蜂在刚开的水仙花旁飞来飞去。
tr	I	His chin scruff was tightly groomed , as was the faint trace of his moustache but there was a craggy shadow of day-old stubble on his cheeks .
tr	O	音乐砰砰作响，穿透墙壁，并且我叹了口气。
tr	I	Then it takes the shape of a tall figure that moves whimsically , but at first I think it 's from the moving branches outside my window .
tr	O	康斯坦斯可能很生气，但是她永远不会联系你。
tr	I	All my thoughts have gone fuzzy and he 's practically holding my hand .
tr	O	我不仅找到了他们，而且也找到了艾德丽安的灵魂。
tr	I	The prince staggered back , clutching his arm , and Blood misted on the air .
tr	I	His eyes widened and his voice trailed away .
tr	I	You 're not getting any more of it , but probably the best kiss you 've ever had .
tr	I	The man sat down again and the woman left .
tr	I	Harriet bit her lip , and Eleanor blushed in shame .
tr	I	I opened my eyes and my feet touched the ground .
tr	O	不久之前，这个念头令人窒息，但是她现在在这里，感觉就对了。
tr	O	地板仍然很潮湿，并且他们把脚印带得到处都是。
tr	I	Jenny had gone to cheer her on , and Dee had taken a kung fu exam .
tr	O	我听到急促的脚步声正在追上我，但是我没有停下来。
tr	I	He had on fingerless gloves and his leather vest looked well-worn .
tr	O	局势很危急，并且朋友们没有心情为琐事争吵。
tr	I	At forty-seven he 's fifteen years older than I , and Martin is a Vietnam vet .
tr	O	星期五到了，并且没有送货。
tr	I	I caught her , and the older woman lurched a bit .
tr	I	Some of the sadness in his eyes retreated and I said with a small smile .
tr	O	他击出一条直线球给劳拉，并且她接住了它完成了第三个出局数。
tr	I	At this moment it has a new meaning , but I never much cared for it until now .
tr	I	I could tell Amelia was less than pleased and now I was embarrassed .
tr	O	我的眼睛刺痛，并且我拼命地眨着眼。
tr	O	布兰德迈出一步，并且我停在原地。
tr	I	Charlie wasn 't too concerned , but Clarissa peered at her uncertainly .
tr	I	When it came time to tidy up , he turned away , finished , but the blasted man had been in such a hurry to unbutton her .
tr	I	Tonight his fears about becoming a werewolf followed him to sleep , but Chapter Twenty-One Derek had not dreamed since he was thirteen .
tr	O	他得了重病，并且他的母亲正在照顾他。
tr	O	他认为这是一项好投资，并且他想要一些安全感。
tr	I	She was fairly certain her skin wouldn 't burst into flames , but it had been years since she set foot in a church .
tr	I	I giggle as he slips around at first , and the tip is slippery from the lube on the condom .
tr	O	她又开始跑了，但是这次她跑得不够快。
tr	O	马克也以同样的方式回应了，并且他们都坐下了。
tr	O	她搅动着他们用来掩盖甜味的甜酒，但是在那青铜高脚杯里，很难看清颜色。
tr	O	这出乎意料，但是她没有理由拒绝他。
tr	I	He held me up and I wrapped my legs around him .
tr	O	他们在医院花了很多时间，并且现在已经过了三点。
tr	O	我暗自发笑，因为我不仅同意，但是米娜的言辞总是如此雄辩。
tr	I	Something in his eyes changed , but his face revealed no expression .
tr	I	She just arrived from Ireland and she is Mike 's daughter .
tr	I	I am surprised that the fountain in our front yard is running in the winter , and I hear the sound of rushing water to my left .
tr	I	We are not uncomfortable , and we are quiet together .
tr	O	我知道我脾气暴躁，但是我就是忍不住。
tr	O	我不确定围在泳池边的团队其他人是否听懂了Keke的荤段子，但是我听懂了。
tr	I	The rest of the world falls away and I lean into him .
tr	I	The same thing occurred : the beads vanished as soon as they touched , and they tried again .
tr	O	他颧骨上的深疤让一些人说他的英俊被毁了，但是艾斯利不这么认为。
tr	O	迈拉在他身边睡着了，而且他不想动。
tr	I	He could not be moved by them , but the winds blew against him .
tr	I	Neither of us ever had much , and he worked his ass off , like me .
tr	I	I had the urge to brush it away and his right cheek boasted a smear of dirt .
tr	O	我蜷缩在书架间，背靠着书架，膝盖缩到胸前，推车放在我前面。
tr	I	His eyes drifted closed and his head dropped back against the sofa .
tr	I	She wanted to taste him and her gaze studied his lips .
tr	I	His pretend roaring didn 't sound mean enough , but Teddy tried to play .
tr	I	Telling her , trying to kiss her , but because the truth was I did really like Sally .
tr	O	远处的门开了，并且更多的急救人员走了进来。
tr	I	That was all her body was going to allow and she needed to sleep .
tr	I	He had to head up to the stadium real quick , but Coach was supposed to be here to let you in .
tr	O	他跟上凯伦的脚步，并且大卫开心地继续玩水上游戏。
tr	O	克洛伊永远不会知道我来过这里，而且她可以为自己的生命而战。
tr	O	我们走向女生桌，并且克莱尔挪了挪给我腾出她旁边的位置。
tr	I	The house is clean , but they don 't have much .
tr	I	That happened in 1863 , and I think we 've had one murder .
tr	I	She didn 't answer , so he walked in farther , pausing in the kitchen , but he called out .
tr	O	黑暗祭坛后的墙壁变成了薄雾，并且戴蒙走过了大门。
tr	I	He held her hand firmly in place , but her first reaction was to pull away .
tr	O	当他们走到走廊里时，赛琳娜试图猛拉开最近的门，但是门没有开。
tr	I	I grabbed her arm , but she grabbed up her bag off the floor .
tr	O	直到教育完成，事业起步。
tr	O	抵达老城门时，骑兵向他们射了一箭，但是箭弹开了，擦过了耶稣雕像的大腿。
tr	I	It felt like my chest was going to explode , but tears poured down my face as I tried to catch my breath .
tr	O	卢瑟，濒临死亡，呻吟了一声，并且诺拉犯了她的第一个错误。
tr	O	一滴泪水滑过她的脸颊，并且尼克擦去了它。
tr	O	威尔把它交了过来，并且我给我爸爸打了电话。
tr	O	他看着我，好像要吞噬我一样，并且他——我，我们之间弥漫的性张力清晰可感。
tr	I	She wanted Ryland Miller , and in a dream she could do anything , have anything .
tr	I	The first set of doors closed and a ding sounded from outside .
tr	I	Life with Sam was like being in a dream , but I had always pictured myself alone .
tr	O	我站直了，并且差点摔倒。
tr	O	他的眉头几乎愤怒地皱起，但是她敢发誓，她也看到了他眼里的一丝内疚。
tr	O	每一个直觉都尖叫着有什么不对劲，有什么他忽略了，但是他却不知道是什么。
tr	I	A neighborhood canvass to see if anyone saw anything , and we 've completed the Buckley house search .
tr	O	门在他们身后砰地关上，并且塞巴斯蒂安把手拍在一起。
tr	I	She could see the desire in his eyes in the darkness and his eyes were heated .
tr	I	I didn 't need them to , and they couldn 't worry about me .
tr	O	我环顾四周，并且艾丽就在那里。
tr	O	她对他咧嘴一笑，并且她眼中邪恶的闪光给他的火焰浇上了汽油。
tr	I	I am free to float into the sky , and the anchor strapping me down has been cut off .
tr	I	I could see the definition of his muscles under his thin white dress shirt , and his jacket hung open .
tr	O	猎鹰比大多数其他鸟类都快，并且我脑海中的尖叫声让我相信速度在这里至关重要。
tr	O	我的心跳正在加速，并且我感到恶心。
tr	O	她已经对他释怀了，并且这将是她最后一次为他流泪。
tr	O	这不会是第一次，而且也不会是最后一次。
tr	I	She was special and she was Nikki .
tr	I	She stole a glance at him from the corner of her eye and Royce reached for his goblet of wine .
tr	I	She goes to the center and the circle opens .
tr	O	再次，它被其他嘈杂的声音所附和，并且，如潮水般，侵略者冲回了战场。
tr	O	另一个巫师耸了耸肩，并且他们两人都开始吟唱。
tr	I	Yet he was willing to claim it , and he didn 't think the baby was his .
tr	I	The road to recovery will not be an easy one and I am afraid it will take some time for you to adjust .
tr	O	一股热潮，这难以想象的冲动，贯穿了她的身体，而且她感到下腹部有那种莎拉曾告诉过她的抽搐感。
tr	I	You did anyway , but you didn 't have to help me .
tr	O	它损坏了，但是我相信它可以被修复。
tr	I	He would bet she did not know , but he was unsure why he thought so .
tr	I	Through it I saw the familiar busy street and a narrow gap formed between the trees .
tr	O	男人们独自一人，并且森林一片寂静。
tr	I	Julian arrived a few minutes after I did , and Donald was back at the airport before me .
tr	O	她的思想可能认识到了真相，但是她的身体仍在努力跟上，呼吸声从她的肺部嘶哑地发出。
tr	O	我并没有真正考虑过他们的家族地位，但是我知道他们会很安全。
tr	O	这是彩排过的，并且她知道。
tr	I	He was working in a democratic campaign office for free , and Cecil was studying .
tr	I	He had suspected something like this might happen , but he didn 't want to hurt her feelings .
tr	I	He wiped a hand across his brow inhaling deeply , feeling the drain the Elements took on his body , and Sweat dripped down into his eyes .
tr	O	他的眼神稍微锐利了一点，但是他没有说任何关于她拒绝他的事情。
tr	O	巧克力烫伤了我的舌头，但是我还是快速地喝了下去。
tr	O	维恩耸了耸肩，并且她说话时听起来完全真诚。
tr	O	我知道我无法消除那份愤怒，但是我们正在交谈。
tr	O	水流很快，并且很浑浊。
tr	O	他不再滴水了，但是他全身感到寒冷。
tr	I	I turn my face away from him but he tries to kiss me .
tr	I	I want you to be careful but I don 't know what she 's planning .
tr	O	他头顶的分数闪着红光，并且一秒钟后数字减少了五。
tr	I	Several of the foreigners jumped out and the truck screeched to a halt .
tr	I	It crackled like a vat of hot oil , and soon the entire room was covered with the strange mist .
tr	I	I always look stunning in black and I was working .
tr	O	我会待在家里，并且我的父母想让我停止追求自己的事情。
tr	I	Riley glanced around as if noticing it , too , and everyone was out of earshot .
tr	I	I shook it and she put out her hand .
tr	O	尽管他刺中了它，伤口很浅，并且他没有时间好好准备武器。
tr	O	惊讶之余，我抬头看去，并且他给了我一个疲惫的微笑。
tr	I	He wanted milk and he had to pee .
tr	O	你没让我插话就离开了，并且所有的重担又重新压了回来。
tr	O	他注意到自己从未见过她已故丈夫的照片，而且他的好奇心与日俱增。
tr	O	是一个王子来搭救，但是那却不是她的王子。
tr	I	The beginning is the end and the end is the beginning .
tr	O	她几乎是在为一场战斗做准备，然而他所做的不过是约她出去。
tr	I	Manny coughed and Jerry fumbled with tying his shoe .
tr	I	Chanting is not begging , but when one chants there is always a desire .
tr	I	Nikolai was equally holding his own in an elegant black suit paired with a crisp white shirt , but she thought her golden dress was a showstopper .
tr	O	它远不是一件完成品，但是那个肖像他轻易就认出来了。
tr	I	She was dry somehow , but it was still raining .
tr	O	雷是一个不受控制的人，并且这不会有好结果。
tr	I	Her heart sped up and their gazes caught .
tr	O	奶奶没有回答，并且考特尼怀疑她没听见她的话，这常常是这样。
tr	I	I needed to stay somewhat focused on getting us out of here , and that sight would surely unhinge me .
tr	I	His arms flowed around her , and his mouth formed to hers , responding .
tr	I	Air squeezed out of her lungs , and she stepped into the house .
tr	O	人们很害怕，并且他们中很多人都饿着肚子。
tr	O	它打开了，并且我做好了看到恐怖画面的准备。
tr	O	艾莉向我保证他会很好，但是那个人在我知道我们有亲戚关系之前就让我紧张了。
tr	I	I can 't tell from his face , but I wonder if he is teasing me .
tr	O	艾比在抽泣，但是那些话语足够清晰，每一句都刺痛我的内心。
tr	O	权力腐蚀了赛斯，并且他只是第一个。
tr	I	She wasn 't willing to give him up and a lot of work had been done yesterday .
tr	O	哈德良冲向她，瞄准她的喉咙，但是某种力场将他逼退。
tr	I	He turned his head , blowing the strands from his mouth , and the wind rol ing off the water blew my hair into Jared 's face .
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安注意得很清楚，而且朱利安察觉得更甚。
tr	I	My heart sank and they disappeared out of view .
tr	I	It looks like you are at work , but we 're waiting outside of your apartment .
tr	I	Then I see them , but I turn to run .
tr	O	匪帮首领杰登曾是布雷泽最好的朋友，但是他们之间现在有了一道无法逾越的鸿沟。
tr	O	他知道自己的目标，并且他第一次感到被自己的意图所玷污。
tr	O	他的头向后猛地一甩，并且他的鼻孔怒张。
tr	I	She could feel the guilt lesson , just a bit , but Lily was still overwhelmed by grief .
tr	O	泰勒皱起眉头，并且我举起双手挡住他指责的目光。
tr	O	罪恶感涌上心头，并且我饱胀的胃发出抗议。
tr	O	她的手紧紧地按在我的脖子上，但是她的下唇在微微颤抖。
tr	I	Grace spoke first , but Josh opened his mouth to answer .
tr	O	阳光永远无法伤害我，但是我确实有一个弱点。
tr	O	这对他们俩来说都不是很喜欢，即使在面对了那么多其他危险之后也是如此，但是它没有持续多久。
tr	O	剧痛吞噬了我，而且我竟然还清醒着，尽管只是勉强。
tr	I	We knew that we were no longer inside the house and the light from my flashlight shone off the damp rocks .
tr	O	他肩上的伤口清晰可见，但是已经缠上了深色绷带。
tr	I	When I do , my own voice drops out of the argument , but it takes me a few minutes to realize that .
tr	I	The cut on her chin began to bleed again and her dress was soaked with bloody water .
tr	O	我脑中有个东西，而且我希望它留在那里，在我的脑中过活。
tr	I	Her gaze darted between the boys and Katherine 's eyes widened .
tr	I	It always will be , and it always has been .
tr	O	阿隆索说，他不想说，但是他不得不承认莉亚做得相当好。
tr	O	那人身上有些东西让杰夫很紧张，而且他想做好准备以防万一有麻烦。
tr	I	A large boot stomped onto his chest , pinning him to the ground but he made to get up .
tr	I	You said she 's not there but I thought she would go to your house for the night because you guys live so close .
tr	O	今晚感觉像冬天，而且曼弗雷德打了个寒颤。
tr	I	She simply placed her weight on her left foot , but her right leg buckled .
tr	O	他没有看艾希琳，但是达妮卡，他的表情紧闭着。
tr	O	它和前门是同样的暗红色，但是它看起来甚至更破旧。
tr	I	She could make it out , but they 'd have a man , maybe two outside .
tr	O	她回到了她的办公桌，并且我更深地陷入了我的分心之中。
tr	O	我的心在痛，但是我今天不能让自己去想布雷迪，尤其当我们必须去上学的时候。
tr	O	我愿意为科尔作证，并且我告诉了他。
tr	O	埃格游得很好，并且邓克没有。
tr	I	I can see him assessing the information and he is completely guileless in explaining to Laurel , even Anthony doesn 't interrupt .
tr	O	一点阳光会有帮助的，但是天空一直阴沉沉的，乌云从西方滚滚而来。
tr	I	Its bass boom rings out once more and before the sound from the first ring dies out , he lifts the bell again .
tr	I	She realized they had to pick up some food , and they took the train to the apartment .
tr	O	这么好的演出不可能永远持续下去，并且那么我就白白浪费了大学时光。
tr	O	他每天都真真切切地经历着这一切，并且他对那份爱的感激，远超她所能理性理解的范围。
tr	I	I cannot speak but I can read lips .
tr	I	Baby Jenks couldn 't take it in , snore , but Davis would read out loud from that one sometimes !
tr	O	林迪的眼泪流干后，她开始作呕，并且她知道自己快要吐出晚餐了。
tr	I	He winked , and she glanced at Justin , to see if he knew what Cyrus was referring to .
tr	I	Her stomach burned , a hard knot of pain , and Jaxon 's fingers twisted together .
tr	O	木门开了，并且她悄无声息地走了进去。
tr	O	他又弹了一下她的乳头，并且她倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	我们有一首新歌要学，并且我已经把歌词写在这张纸上了。
tr	I	I was trying to keep an open mind , but I wasn 't sure how positive thinking correlated to my uterus .
tr	O	一切都很平静，并且我正享受着与他独处的时光。
tr	O	你没有拿走它，并且那很好。
tr	I	Despite this , was doing a good job , but Nathan knew John did not have the technical expertise .
tr	O	我已经把事情改得更好了，但是事情还没有达到应有的状态。
tr	I	I lit up my third cigarette when I hear my mother talking to Nicole , but I 'm not really sure .
tr	I	It was a good start , but it was not a success .
tr	O	如果我不告诉她，她就会一直动用关系直到查清楚，并且她有很多关系可以动用。
tr	O	叫我名字的不是奶奶，并且我们俩都转过身去看我们这个小聚会又多了谁。
tr	O	逐梦者好奇地看着他，并且他对她咯咯地笑。
tr	O	我之前没有注意到他们，但是他们肯定在那里。
tr	I	We 'll get you somewhere warm and let me get your coats .
tr	I	I slide my arm around his waist and he puts his arm around my shoulders .
tr	I	His face is clean shaven and Kamil 's hair is short .
tr	I	Dammit , it was important to me , but okay , my blog was seriously the least of my worries .
tr	I	Unfortunately she was drunk more often than she was sober and when Regine was drunk it was a whole other story .
tr	I	The basement walls waterproofed and the shingles were replaced .
tr	O	我应该直接撤回这个提议，但是对你来说幸运的是，我决定不这么做。
tr	O	我诚实地回答了，并且罗宾沉默了。
tr	I	She shuddered , and I looked at Mem .
tr	I	A tankard of your good brown ale would do for us and some slices off the boar .
tr	I	Maybe it 's just as well , and so far as I can tell , we 're never going to have any children .
tr	I	He could stand without stooping , but the ceiling here was a bit low .
tr	O	数学很简单，但是这并没有让事情变得更容易。
tr	I	The smile disappeared and his shoulders sunk .
tr	I	I grabbed his pistol and without hesitating I lunged at the one facing me , knocking his head hard on the side of the van .
tr	I	I 'm not saying I 'm any better than her , and I 'm not saying she didn 't have her good side .
tr	O	她可能不害怕，但是他的恐惧足以抵得上他们两人的份。
tr	I	We were so scared we would lose her , and she was too small when she was born .
tr	I	His jeans rubbed against her bare legs , but Grace snuggled even closer to his warmth .
tr	O	大教堂的杰罗姆在那里，并且他对整个过程感到痛苦。
tr	I	Evan finished my root beer , and they demolished the two baskets in a few minutes .
tr	O	戴维斯把厨师赶进了厨房，并且她开始为他们所有人做早餐。
tr	O	门开了，并且埃德·马尔瓦尼进来了。
tr	O	试图让她对他敞开心扉就像拔牙一样，并且他对此感到非常厌倦。
tr	O	他现在会笑，但是她那时会听到他。
tr	I	It had only been a week before , but it seemed like ages ago .
tr	O	笑容消失了，但是他的眼睛没有动摇。
tr	O	我抬头看房车的车顶，并且杰里米仍然在那里，保持着同样的姿势。
tr	I	I obeyed and every corded , delicious muscle of him made my mouth water .
tr	I	He sliced the wires off me , wrenching me to my feet and at once a knife shot out of his other hand .
tr	O	火车来了，并且他们开始了去伦敦的旅程。
tr	I	There is a muffled thump and the rumbling pauses .
tr	I	He suddenly became very tired and the weight of all that had happened seemed to descend on him all at once .
tr	I	I let my hair fall back around my face and a little piece of me groaned .
tr	O	我开始数我的脚步来打发时间，但是一旦数到八百，我就失去了兴趣。
tr	I	Instantly I knew why nobody had noticed me , and then I saw a woman at the center of the stage .
tr	O	他比其他任何人都更让她害怕，但是不知为何她宁愿和他在一起。
tr	I	It throws me off , scares me , confuses me and she holds my gaze .
tr	I	They seemed to be enjoying what they were doing and the figures in the puzzle picture seemed truly animated .
tr	I	Liz would remain in Dundee , but Isaac would be moving on .
tr	O	我已经一整天都待在室内了，并且再说，我想盯着本。
tr	O	他把手伸进口袋，并且我惊叫了一声，跳开了。
tr	I	She knew who could ease it , but she didn 't know how to ease whatever he had aroused .
tr	O	他朝那个方向移动着，又挥舞着手臂，并且这次他的肘弯处夹住了什么东西。
tr	O	他的嘴巴很干，并且他无法吞咽。
tr	I	We knew it was there , but we couldn 't see the white Cessna inside .
tr	I	You can compare it to your own experience , and I guess I 'll start from the start .
tr	O	她停顿了一下，当我在思量她问的是什么时，并且我简直不敢相信自己竟然在考虑它。
tr	I	The fevers struck , and why , they hadn 't given him water for days .
tr	O	格雷厄姆的声音可能达不到他平时的音量，但是他依然保持着他的意志力。
tr	I	The horses closed in , and I did as she directed .
tr	O	奥利弗·赫克托的声音就在我耳边响起，并且我不得不紧闭双唇以防因惊讶而尖叫。
tr	I	Judging by the light outside , not much time had passed , but it was impossible to tell how long I 'd been out .
tr	I	Dermot hurried out to his car , and I heard the screen door bang .
tr	O	床单很柔软，并且枕头很蓬松。
tr	I	They shouted at each other and Justin had noticed they were arguing about something because she looked upset , angry .
tr	O	他戴着绿色护目镜，并且他那件长长的黑色外套的下摆像斗篷一样在他身后翻腾。
tr	O	这，这……节奏开始了，并且伊奥娜的思绪消散了。
tr	I	Claire pulled away from Noah , and she heard the elevator ding .
tr	I	The culprits never identified and the items were never found .
tr	I	There was no sense in it , but I might have held up the lie a little longer .
tr	O	她的想象力占据了主导，并且她能看到自己在他身边。
tr	I	She shivered , and his erection pressed against her .
tr	I	Evelyn prayed he wasn 't in the middle of that fracas and unfortunately the girls couldn 't see Jamie anywhere .
tr	O	只要他们愿意，他们可以和我们住在一起，但是我想大多数人会想回到自己的生活中去。
tr	O	她的打磨停了下来，并且她现在完全专注于我。
tr	O	他开始演奏一首新歌，一首不同的歌，并且他开始唱歌。
tr	I	It grew and the show had a loyal following from the beginning .
tr	I	Off the land , hoping someday he would return to civilization after the chaos had ended and he would live in the country .
tr	I	Garrett found himself remembering the conversation , and his father had called just as he was stepping out the door on the way to the docks .
tr	O	我希望我能读懂他们的心思，但是我猜他们认为我，也一样，会是唾手可得的钱。
tr	O	亚细亚那时站了起来，手里提着公文包，但是她没有伸手和他握手。
tr	O	我击中了徽章，并且剑上的火焰熄灭了。
tr	I	Julia started retreating again , step for step and he started walking towards her again .
tr	O	利用菲拉帮忙是解决那个难题的一种方法，但是他不喜欢那个想法给他带来的不适感。
tr	I	I didn 't say good-bye , but I hugged her tight .
tr	O	我回想起上次见到那样的小蓝灯，并且我突然因知晓而感到恶心。
tr	O	他感到死亡的黑暗笼罩着他，并且当他死去时，他听到了她最后轻声说的话。
tr	I	I was pretty sure we 'd never make it walking , but I wasn 't sure how far away the ranch was .
tr	O	安德拉试图移动，但是他的手抓得更紧了。
tr	I	He didn 't want to risk being inside the ship when it exploded , but he might survive being in the middle of the gas .
tr	O	他所要做的就是举起手，并且他就能离开这个岛屿。
tr	I	They could at least have found a clean cloth with which to hood her , but she had expected to be bound , of course .
tr	O	这不对劲，并且这不好玩。
tr	O	一堆脏衣服在浴室旁，并且鞋子堆在衣柜旁。
tr	I	A matching helmet covered with spikes protected his head , and a solid black breastplate adorned with gold imagery was on his chest .
tr	I	I shook my head , and she asked .
tr	O	这不是一个很牢固的抓握，但是这是我能得到的最好的了。
tr	I	Rhyme heard a strange hissing noise , and Juda howled in pain .
tr	O	这几天过得很漫长，并且我已经准备好洗那个我答应自己的澡了。
tr	I	I know it 's the furthest thing from the truth , but I wish she were repulsed by him .
tr	I	He tore himself from her and the magnitude of the moment , of what could have happened , scraped at his already raw insides .
tr	O	我把它们团在我腿上，但是我无法把我的情绪团在一起。
tr	I	The other was just below her ankle and one was on top of her foot .
tr	I	I 'd be forced to listen to a replay of their weekend for at least a month and he 'd ask for her number .
tr	I	The rest is history , so to speak , and my clerk subsequently took the booking for the memorial service .
tr	O	我问，并且他点头。
tr	I	It didn 't always work like that , but that 's how I imagined it going .
tr	O	菲利普走近了一步，并且她能闻到他的须后水味。
tr	I	He licked his chapped lips , and his mouth immediately watered .
tr	O	灯光沿着我们前方的墙壁延伸，并且隧道就这样延伸了一段距离。
tr	I	Then her eyes fel to his lips , and Claire watched him .
tr	O	探视时间是今天下午5点到7点，并且她届时应该会醒着。
tr	I	A small boy ran into the dome and a pair of swinging double doors nearby flew open .
tr	O	他在浴室里，并且杰斯看不到他。
tr	O	我想为你坚强，但是我不知道我是否能做到。
tr	O	灯光又亮了，并且他把光线照向了他们周围的墙壁。
tr	I	He quickly recovers , but his voice catches .
tr	I	She was the only person to lead the way , but Life had to go on .
tr	O	毁灭她的任务是我的，但是我失败了。
tr	O	你应该知道如何识别GR标记，但是我们还是会给你一张地图以防万一。
tr	I	You 'll get used to it soon , but unusual working conditions have thrown you off .
tr	I	Pete came into view , and Julie bit her lip .
tr	I	She didn 't see the smirk that passed fleetingly over his face , but Griffin didn 't notice , at least she thought he hadn 't .
tr	O	贾森，有着宽阔的肌肉发达的肩膀，本可以是一名橄榄球运动员，但是他对运动不怎么感兴趣。
tr	I	The flicker in her eyes conveyed more than words , but she had the tact not to say anything rude .
tr	O	她可能太虚弱了，无法产生太多自己的东西，但是对我使用多少她会一清二楚。
tr	I	Claire paused in her packing to soak it in , and the smell of fresh bread wafted through her room .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't come , but she wanted to respond .
tr	O	它运行得很好（当它运行时），但是它外观不令人愉悦。
tr	I	We have to keep her alive every second of the day , and she is the most dangerous being in the world .
tr	I	He had won his life mate , and they 'd found their rogue .
tr	O	我感觉到我的牛仔裤松了，并且她的手伸了进去。
tr	O	我不认识你，并且我也不喜欢你。
tr	I	He had been so intoxicated that he had thought he was invincible , but Anna had tried to stop him .
tr	O	Cami已经面试过她，也做了背景调查，但是即使如此，人也永远不能太小心。
tr	I	Then he did as I said , but Evan seemed to hesitate .
tr	O	这个爆红的男团目前正在寻找一个伴奏乐队来演奏他们所演唱的音乐，并且试镜正在加利福尼亚举行。
tr	O	我不愿承认，但是他让我感到害怕。
tr	O	她畏缩了，并且她的手松开了，啜泣着转过身。
tr	O	我尽可能地避免葬礼，并且直到最近几年，我在这方面一直做得很好。
tr	I	My stomach growls , and something smells delicious .
tr	O	她从未那样做过，并且她在他的记忆中从未说过他的头衔。
tr	I	They had set it aside in order to offer him comfort , yet they had been stricken by grief as well .
tr	O	他的眼睛与我的目光相遇，并且他的眼睛里没有一丝幽默。
tr	O	如果她认为那样能缓解疼痛，她会那样做，但是她知道那不会。
tr	I	He was six foot three and the top of her head was just shy of his earlobe .
tr	I	She could tell it was expensive , but it wasn 't flashy .
tr	O	我不认为那是我要找的细节，但是那可能与此相关。
tr	I	He was uncertain whether she was actually French , but she spoke in flawless French , her accent perfect .
tr	I	I start to squirm on the counter under his stare and he still doesn 't say anything .
tr	I	Brianna blew out her breath in audible relief and when we got to class a few minutes later , Rigel was there in his usual seat .
tr	O	我一直想写，但是你知道我讨厌电子邮件。
tr	O	弗兰克·柯林斯，站在主教旁边，一直盯着他的儿子看，并且克莱尔不认为那种眼神是担忧。
tr	O	她已经失去了太多，并且失去罗孚是她无法承受的。
tr	O	我会梦到她在我需要帮助的地方，她正在呼唤我，并且我听不到她。
tr	O	我不敢肯定，但是我也不能抱怨。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我知道这事非同小可。
tr	I	By the way , don 't go back to your office and oh .
tr	I	I bet he 's underestimating her , too , but Nicholas examines her as if she were the least of his worries .
tr	O	汽车疾驰，轮胎在湿漉漉的路面上沙沙作响，并且有几位司机向她投来赞许的挥手。
tr	O	那个周末，丽娜去父母家吃晚饭了，并且尽管凯恩当时也在场，他没有再提尼克。
tr	O	费伊气得发抖，但是她不会屈服。
tr	I	I obviously didn 't even know him , and we only dated for a few weeks .
tr	O	她的声音很冷静，然而她的嘴唇弯成一个害羞的微笑。
tr	I	You do your best to keep surviving and you find other locations to trade with .
tr	I	It was nice to hear it , but I assumed she remembered me .
tr	I	The food was passed around , and Pappy said a quick prayer .
tr	I	I was terrified to be away from him , but I understood the concern for safety .
tr	O	他显然有些不对劲，但是他绝不能那样对我说话还想全身而退。
tr	I	They would still kick me out and if I said that I did , they wouldn 't believe me .
tr	O	东风持续吹着，并且它似乎能穿透他们，当时他们浑身湿透。
tr	O	小女孩带着灿烂的笑容说，她现在醒了，并且露易莎和孩子一起坐到床上。
tr	I	I couldn 't let them out , but words sat on the tip of my tongue .
tr	O	那个地方流传着许多神话，并且我的情绪高昂，因为距离很短。
tr	O	她可爱地撅了撅嘴，并且他想知道这是否是她们在像波特小姐学校那样的学校里教富裕年轻女孩的事情之一。
tr	I	My body flew forward through the doorway and the door swung open from the pressure .
tr	O	那人转过身，他疯狂的眼睛里充血，并且那种腐烂的、炎热的夏日臭味再次袭向亚历克斯。
tr	O	这也是她的主意，但是我看到了它的优点。
tr	O	他轻笑了，并且我意识到那是世界上最美的声音。
tr	I	She had really enjoyed joining them tonight , and she had always wanted to understand what the big deal was , she said .
tr	O	你回顾你的家人，我亲爱的贝丝，并且你会发现所有的女人都有这些宗教名字。
tr	O	当她回头看那个灵魂时，它已经消散了，并且空气也失去了它的寒意。
tr	O	尼古拉斯，我不后悔帮助他，并且我建议你尽量好好利用它。
tr	I	Their world suddenly became very dangerous and there was a blast of trumpets .
tr	O	我不，并且我看见了它。
tr	I	Compared the handwriting to the note they 'd just found , deciding both notes appeared to be written in the same hand and he read it .
tr	O	然后一个地精走了过来，并且他没有停下来。
tr	O	他笑了，但是伊欧娜感到疑惑。
tr	I	Caution turned to laughter as we roamed the aisles for items , but I was cautious at first that someone might see us .
tr	O	德文可能是一个吸血鬼，但是这才是真正的怪物。
tr	I	Gan interrupted , and she blanched .
tr	O	比尔当然穿着一套西装，并且贝蒂娜穿着一条非常漂亮的绿色连衣裙。
tr	O	每个人都将获得公正，并且惩罚也将公平，始终与每个人所犯的罪行相称。
tr	O	她有几次说不出话来，但是她又回到沉思中。
tr	O	他们能听到尖叫声，然而他们什么也没做。
tr	I	They understood that a difficult decision had been made , but the rats , being rats , were not keen on seeing a grinning cat .
tr	I	His head snapped back and as he bent forward , her right knee came up to meet his chin .
tr	I	I can tell his eyes are scanning the surrounding area and as we walk across the courtyard , Andrew brings me closer to his side .
tr	O	你将成为我的妻子，并且你会那样做是因为你爱我。
tr	I	It lets me get my hands around Zander 's shoulders , but I regret the hasty shove I give him .
tr	O	他想给她一个傲慢的笑容，但是他所能提供的只是一个真诚的微笑。
tr	I	She pressed the smooth edge of the glass as hard as she could while they collapsed and they both fell against the wall .
tr	O	他握住她的手，想在她手腕上涂香水，但是洛特阻止了他。
tr	I	It was finally time to make my presence known , and this was the moment we 'd been waiting for .
tr	O	我对另一部戏有了这个想法，并且我已经详细规划了关于那个发型师的戏。
tr	I	Her body froze and her face paled .
tr	I	She sank deeper onto him and her knees weakened .
tr	I	Her heart continued to knock rapidly against her ribcage , but Scarlett let out the breath she 'd been holding .
tr	I	Her body settled into his and whatever she saw there made her stare then her eyes went blank .
tr	I	The wind robs the rest and it 's so loud that other people 's conversations drown out most of his words .
tr	I	He 's expensive , but if anyone can help Hamilton , he can .
tr	O	他搂住我的肩膀，把我拉入他身体的庇护，并且我靠了过去，把脸颊贴在他的胸膛上。
tr	I	They 're getting smaller , but Big crumbs at first .
tr	I	Her question was still firm , but Valentina 's voice was quiet .
tr	O	他们可能会监视我，但是我年老体衰，已经没用了！
tr	O	然后我意识到我正在移动，并且我意识到埃里克正抱着我。
tr	O	他的勃起因这个想法而抽痛，并且他咒骂了它。
tr	I	I was out , and before I could punch her , pain hit me .
tr	O	任何人都可以加入我，但是如果不行，那也没关系。
tr	O	他将她的表情解读为惊奇，然后是愤怒，接着是困惑，并且以一个严厉的评判性嘲笑作结。
tr	O	漫长的时间过去了，莫多克才回到丹妮拉身边，并且他比原计划回来得更晚。
tr	I	With a quick look at Akane he closed his mouth firmly but Ranma started to say something .
tr	O	很快他就打起了鼾，并且我尽力保持清醒。
tr	I	She would be gone and hopefully he would only find the scent of a large cat .
tr	I	Every time they spoke Ilya had some new adventure to recount , but those were meager accommodations compared to living in a manor house .
tr	O	我想也许可能是彼得，因为我夺走了他的灵魂，但是也许不是他。
tr	I	Sam caught a glimpse of scarlet , and came Vale 's shout again .
tr	I	He spoke in a seductive whisper , and his mouth moved to her ear .
tr	I	He knows best and I told myself he is our leader .
tr	I	She holds on to me , wrapping her arms around my waist and silence grows around us .
tr	O	我可能不认识他，但是我喜欢他的手。
tr	O	我听到了一声闷响，并且灰尘如云般从活板门中升起。
tr	O	她喘息了一声，并且他在从沙发上起身时，歉意地挥了挥手。
tr	I	To Julienne he looked wonderful , but he didn 't look well .
tr	I	The stars hung bright in the sky and the night was clear .
tr	I	They were filed away in his memory like so many chess gambits and he had handled the planning of most of them .
tr	I	It didn 't mean I understood , but he could say that .
tr	O	他吓到了我，但是我确保没有表现出来。
tr	O	她的珍珠项链戳进了艾玛的锁骨，而且她作为一个娇小的女人，感觉出奇地结实。
tr	O	每个人都抬头看着丘伊，并且克林特能听到他们的抱怨。
tr	O	科尔顿期待立即回答，但是“是”字却卡在了他的喉咙里。
tr	O	警方不知道你与偷窥者的联系，并且他们也不知道勒索的事——暂时还不知道。
tr	I	She 'd given it , and he 'd even asked permission to kiss her .
tr	I	Laila was climbing over , and Duke was already on the balcony below us .
tr	I	She looked around the room , a room that he seemed so out of place in , and Jewell finally managed to tear her gaze from his .
tr	O	我感到震惊，并且我的脑海中充满了疑虑。
tr	I	His heart stopped beating a few seconds later , and his body dropped to the ground in a heap .
tr	I	It took long enough , thank you very much , but it took a split second for her to realize Isaac crouched in front of her .
tr	O	豪华轿车至少可以坐十二人，但是只有另外五人坐着柔软的皮质长椅。
tr	O	他的烧还没有退，但是我说服他喝了点水。
tr	O	刚才他还非常坚定，并且现在他显得完全漠不关心。
tr	I	All of them looked so free , and some of them were laughing .
tr	O	艾维很快就认定托尼是个十足的无聊透顶的人，并且她竟然还挺替克莱尔感到惋惜。
tr	O	我向他伸出了手，并且经过片刻犹豫后，他接住了。
tr	I	He nodded , and I explained what had happened at school .
tr	O	皮尔斯把我拉了起来，并且我把那罐水递给了他。
tr	O	我出去没多久，他就出现在我家门口，并且那时事情才开始对我来说变得有意义。
tr	I	He only smirked at me , but I blinked in surprise .
tr	I	Ensuring that they were as close as could be and she embraced their relationship .
tr	I	Most Bostonians would be on their way to happy hour and Steve would probably still be at the office , even though it was Friday .
tr	O	洛蕾莱开始沿着街走，并且利亚姆跟在后面，仍然牵着她的手。
tr	O	这里有很多不同的神，并且马神就是其中之一。
tr	O	卢克缓慢地点了点头，并且我转回约瑟夫。
tr	O	我不会吃很多，但是不和我分享就太刻薄了，因为我帮了一整天的忙。
tr	I	She sucked in another breath , and she looked puzzled until my tongue reclaimed its territory .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but it was a poor man 's drink .
tr	I	Josie was in the end zone and it was late in the game .
tr	I	The children noticed he was wearing a priest 's collar and the man with her turned back .
tr	O	我在我们的小旅行中也见到了她的母亲，而且那个女人看起来真是一个泼妇。
tr	O	他的獠牙几乎没露出来，并且他的眼睛里熄灭了愤怒的红橙色光芒。
tr	O	伴随着一声叹息，安吉拉的头垂到了她的胸前，并且威廉松了口气。
tr	I	I laughed quietly and her blush deepened .
tr	I	He hesitated to go inside and it was closed .
tr	I	There was still so much I didn 't know about him , but we 'd come so far together .
tr	O	湖的南侧全是沼泽，并且这块特定的陆地似乎高出水面约两英尺。
tr	I	In moments , the truck drove away , weaving a bit , but she couldn 't hear what words were exchanged .
tr	I	I gasped as my muscles clenched around him and he slid his length into my wet warmth .
tr	I	He threaded his fingers through mine , and Aiden 's hand slipped down my arm .
tr	O	杰米爷爷要求道，并且那人猛地一动。
tr	O	他要杀我，但是我杀了他。
tr	O	我心碎过太多次了，并且我受够了。
tr	O	他关掉了引擎，然后移步站到我身边，并且他打开了摩托车的储物箱。
tr	I	He remembered it well , but he 's retired now .
tr	O	卢克在微笑，但是丹尼斯并没有同样的好心情。
tr	O	昆斯仰面倒在地板上，并且他的武器从他手中滑落。
tr	O	这是一首节奏更快的曲子，但是那也真的只是它唯一值得一提的地方了。
tr	I	Her fake smile became real and James winked .
tr	I	He breathed easy and the door snatched open .
tr	O	他长相粗犷，脸上带着几道疤痕，并且他的头发剪得很短，像军人发型。
tr	I	I held her tighter , and the words vibrated against my chest .
tr	O	我跟着那个女人走上台阶，并且我们通过一对巨大的橡木门进入。
tr	I	I did have other options and Dawn was a sweet girl who needed this break .
tr	I	My plan depends on him not being home , but I regret not boldly driving to his doorway .
tr	I	It 's our bird , but it 's their territory .
tr	O	沙恩想见血，没错，但是不是那个女人的。
tr	I	Still everything said by the man seated across from her was incredibly boring , yet her head clouded from the alcohol .
tr	I	He grabbed the dog to keep from grabbing Savannah , and he muttered something about taking Cuddles out for her .
tr	O	有时候我们狼群会跌跌撞撞地摸索，直到我们把事情做好，但是当我们最终把它们做对时，我们会坚持下去。
tr	O	一只光脚清晰可见，并且即使在昏暗的光线下，艾斯也能看到畸形的脚趾中伸出的爪子。
tr	I	After a few minutes my concentration was interrupted when Stefan leaned down to capture my mouth in a kiss and I lost myself in reading .
tr	I	I lost him in the town square , but Kurt insisted on accompanying me .
tr	O	它肯定发生得很快，但是感觉像是慢动作。
tr	I	She only a commoner , and he was a prince .
tr	I	The reward was clear , but the battle was rough .
tr	O	这次演出似乎真的结束了，并且人群开始慢慢散去。
tr	O	我大概能从摔落中幸存下来，并且等我出来的时候，妮莎会等我。
tr	O	小姑娘带着她的恐惧去找她的父亲，并且他对此不屑一顾。
tr	I	He froze as he stared at me , and Jason put both hands in his hair .
tr	O	她所看到的一切都是周围大自然的光芒，并且这一切似乎都不真实。
tr	O	我不喜欢疼痛，但是我以前经历过这些。
tr	I	Nova climbed over top of him to enter and Ash lay down in front of the tent .
tr	I	I supposed it was something , but it wasn 't the bloody , gruesome revenge that Jasmine had wanted .
tr	I	I couldn 't solidify my hands , but I tried to claw at the windowsill , the stones of the wall , anything .
tr	O	她僵住了，但是就在她这么做的时候，一股巨大的风从她身后把她推了进去，使她跌跌撞撞地进入了房间。
tr	I	Some were removed , but New governors were given a two year trial period , after which most remained in their positions .
tr	O	她的卧室门开了，并且她妈妈走了进来。
tr	I	I had betrayed that trust and he had trusted me .
tr	O	弗兰克提着一个印有当地百货商店名称的袋子，并且他把它放在了床上。
tr	O	饭伊先生对着前进的军队大喊，并且男孩们开始实现他们自己为这场战斗制定的计划。
tr	O	我猛地抬起头，目光从我紧张地搓揉着的双手上移开，但是我的床是空的。
tr	I	At the end of the aisle , standing beside Hades 's throne , was Hermes , and rows of the dead turned to watch us .
tr	I	Talon had never before been caught out like this and they 'd known each other for over a thousand years .
tr	I	She started to believe that they had made it , and around the next bend in the trail she could see canvas through the trees .
tr	I	He couldn 't quite bring himself to say it , but he knew what Tyson wanted to hear .
tr	I	It sounded like a good idea , but he hadn 't thought about it .
tr	O	里科接住后他挥动了一下，并且汉克爆发出大笑。
tr	O	疼痛短暂地刺穿了她的眼睛，并且他的手臂抱紧了她。
tr	O	她把半个笑容挤进脸颊，并且我的胃像一团缠绕的蹦极绳一样扭曲起来。
tr	I	The chosen one was far off in her mind but she could admit that she was different .
tr	O	她怀疑自己的声音不是很好，但是当她唱歌时，她设法听不见自己的声音。
tr	I	They 'd had Jill much , much longer , and Sonya had been in bad shape when she 'd been rescued from the Warriors .
tr	I	He was already reaching into his pocket for his phone , but Isabelle looked at Simon with questioning dark eyes .
tr	I	The door to Howard 's private apartment slid open , and one of the goons produced a key card , swiped it through the scanner .
tr	I	Gilded mirrors hung on the wall beside French paintings , and the hardwood floors gleamed .
tr	I	I sit impatiently , waiting for the next file and Lucien continues to plough through the computer records determinedly .
tr	I	I don 't even know what that would be , but it 's not what I 'd choose to do .
tr	O	警报停了，并且我松了口气。
tr	I	The light vanished instantly and the floor was rough .
tr	I	She took it , but Kira 's brow furrowed .
tr	I	Melody didn 't understand any of the words and the song was in Gaelic .
tr	I	Then to make sure it was free and he gave a tug now .
tr	I	We are , and you wanted us to be friends first .
tr	I	His brain took another moment to decipher them , but Gray heard the words .
tr	O	一个女声在我身后说道，并且我转过身。
tr	I	He reminded himself he had no need of a warhorse , but his throat tightened .
tr	O	你以身作则，并且我花了一段时间才向自己承认我内心深处一直都知道的事情。
tr	O	他向莱姆抬起手，并且宝珠从他手中被抛出。
tr	O	我抓住了杰西的胳膊，但是他从我身边抽开了。
tr	O	她的护身符近在咫尺，并且她拿不到它。
tr	O	我试图让她安静下来，但是她继续笑着，直到最后破碎的笑声变成了抽泣。
tr	I	He should have discussed it with her , allowed her to come to terms with it , but Marcus may have done what he thought was best .
tr	O	我读过所有关于这条线影响的资料，但是我从未想过它会如此明显。
tr	O	她有许多追求者，并且她即将到来的婚约是联邦茶余饭后的话题。
tr	O	维奥莱特试图说服自己并非如此，但是她是一个有自己需求的女人。
tr	I	I didn 't like where this was going , and the feeling of someone watching us persisted .
tr	I	He moved causally aside , and he watched calmly , his mind moving at extraordinary speeds , as the arrows left the bows .
tr	I	He had failed , but he had tried to remove even that small risk .
tr	I	Right now he looked angry as well , and he always looked nervous .
tr	O	他们的护盾偏转了爆炸的狂怒，但是喷气机将T台劈成了两半。
tr	O	我希望它能让我感觉好些，但是它没有。
tr	O	那人随即关掉了开关，并且一切都消失了。
tr	I	The ambiance was one of an easy gathering of friends , and fewer than twenty people had braved the cold to catch her show .
tr	O	有人需要守卫它，并且佩里需要布鲁克的眼睛。
tr	O	丽贝卡相当确定他所说的并非带有性暗示，但是他的话语仍然带来了8月16日的景象。
tr	I	There 's little real traffic , but we 're on an interstate .
tr	I	I wasn 't trying to make him jealous , and I wasn 't sure where the Mike accusation came from .
tr	I	She 'd also known he might save her for last , but their past affair wouldn 't stop him from hunting her .
tr	I	A glance outside should answer that question , and he wanted to know what time of day it was before he staggered downstairs .
tr	I	She forbade it with a soft sudden gesture , but I wanted to hold her again .
tr	O	它看起来更像历史观光景点，而不是音乐会场地，但是这就是查尔斯顿的特点。
tr	O	奥利弗尝试了几次，但是只有色情频道似乎能用。
tr	O	我走到窗户，而且它开了一条缝。
tr	O	我挪动身体，趴在了他身上，而且他咧嘴笑了，好像我刚给了他一个奖。
tr	O	他们的船可以修复，但是他们人手太少，无法驾驶它。
tr	O	门开了一条缝，而且罗斯看到玛丽埃尔在里面，她眼睛瞪得大大的，一只手捂着嘴。
tr	I	Her fingers held him in a grip that hurt , but he jerked his hand back .
tr	O	失去他的恐惧是真实的，而且在荷尔蒙让我胡思乱想的情况下，我根本不想去想象它。
tr	I	A figure moved out from behind the shadows at the back of the cave and I managed to open my eyes .
tr	I	There was an edge to his voice , but he was still smiling .
tr	O	我用膝盖顶向他的下体，而且他像条件反射一样也做了同样的事。
tr	I	It was just too hard , but I almost explained that for once I was conscious .
tr	I	I felt a twinge of pride that Callum didn 't trust this human and neither of us responded .
tr	O	我可能反正也会变成吸血鬼，因为我想和她共度永恒，但是现在我两全其美了。
tr	O	妮可想接管她父亲的公司，但是她并没有想接管全世界。
tr	I	I feel it all and my heart opens up .
tr	I	It was locked but Eddie tried the passenger door .
tr	I	I looked over at him and Joel shifted next to me .
tr	O	她与他目光相遇时，她微微一颤，并且她的浅笑融化成一声叹息。
tr	O	这个想法扎下了根，而且尽管他寻找了所有其他选择，斯莱德意识到他真的完蛋了。
tr	I	The day was a Saturday and St. Wiz had been formed .
tr	I	We started talking , and he just happened to sit down next to me .
tr	I	A section of the floor was actually a stream , but the tunnel 's walls didn 't change .
tr	O	艾达立刻行动起来，随时准备跳舞，但是新舞步并没有如预期那样跳出来。
tr	I	He glanced over it as if it was the most natural thing , and his sweeping gaze did not miss the vines wrapped around the wheel .
tr	O	L就是这么说的，并且她是对的。
tr	O	他的伤口看起来没有生命危险，并且他们能够继续前进。
tr	O	下装也随之脱落，而且卡洛的手无处不在，抚摸着，让她的全身都感到酥麻。
tr	O	他带着温柔的笑容说着什么，并且她把手放在他的肩膀上。
tr	O	他们可以建造自己的家，并且他每晚都会回家。
tr	O	高达五十米的树木遍布该地，并且它们宽大的树干里藏着树屋。
tr	O	木棍向两个方向折断，并且光头男像树一样倒了下去。
tr	I	He 'd never answered her question and she 'd asked him about the saddest day of his life two nights ago .
tr	I	The others showed up , and I wasn 't alone for two seconds before Bishop , Caden .
tr	I	Annie 's face was impassive but he looked down at her .
tr	I	Another fireball blasted through it and he turned towards the window .
tr	I	Otherwise it was comfortable , but the log was damp .
tr	I	Each time the muscles tightened another intense rush of sensation ripped through me , and my insides were clenching that thick rod inside .
tr	O	护士站的护士们惊恐地看着我，但是我没有停下，即使他们叫我。
tr	I	He was impossible to get close to , but T.J. was difficult to stay mad at .
tr	I	The bite of nausea was a constant at the back of her throat , and the pounding was getting worse .
tr	O	她感觉到彼得在她左边，用力拉扯她的手臂，但是在她心里，她正在消逝。
tr	I	Tantalizing shivers followed , and his hand stroked up her calf , across the back of her knees .
tr	O	她向下伸，并且一声呻吟从他嘴里逸出。
tr	O	我们将共同渡过这场风暴，并且我们将共同生存下去。
tr	I	Cameron liked that she didn 't pull away , and her hand remained on his arm .
tr	I	I don 't know what my other gift is but I know Zeke gave me the power to move stuff with my mind .
tr	I	Her cheeks flushed and their eyes locked .
tr	I	It wasn 't directed at me , and the growling by my side got louder .
tr	O	他去了洗手间，并且特蕾莎听着淋浴器被打开了。
tr	O	艾伦和第一小队在一起，并且她要进去。
tr	O	我张开嘴想抗议，但是他已经走了。
tr	O	雷杨似乎没有被失态所困扰，但是我被困扰了。
tr	I	We finally exited the building and he winked at me .
tr	O	雨季确实来临了，而且很可能它会持续下去。
tr	O	鲁本恳求和她一起去，但是她坚持说这次旅行她必须独自进行。
tr	I	The research commenced by order of the king , and monstrous was precisely what he meant to achieve .
tr	I	I started to shake and admitting it out loud made it more real .
tr	O	我想你，而且我害怕。
tr	O	她知道她和海斯先生在这里很开心，并且她希望一切都能保持那样。
tr	O	当汤姆把手放下捂住肚子时，这让他的头部暴露出来，并且道格接受了这个邀请，用左手猛击汤姆的脸。
tr	I	He didn 't , but Rico must assume that Cy has already informed me about him .
tr	I	In the end , she agreed , but Crystal took a little more persuasion .
tr	O	里面很黑，并且其他几个人正坐在一张长而粗糙的桌子旁。
tr	O	我今晚不该出现在仓库，但是我还是去了。
tr	O	从现在起，他们制定自己的规则，并且任何人都无权干涉。
tr	I	I began people watching again and I soon gave up on looking for him .
tr	I	It was only a plain white shirt , nothing special , but his white shirt reminded her of the pirate captains she had seen in movies .
tr	I	The pleasure blowing through her but White lights went off in her head , blinding her to everything .
tr	I	I eagerly drank from it and Dr. Moss placed the plastic cup to my lips .
tr	I	We dropped onto a black iron arm of the spinning ride , and I pulled him off the golden face of the pyramid tip .
tr	O	我的双腿搭在他的双肩上，并且他在调整姿势时，摩擦着我的臀部下方。
tr	O	罗斯明白他正在帮她逃走，并且她为即将摆脱这场磨难而感到放松。
tr	I	Gretchen held up her number again , and one of the bidders dropped out .
tr	O	她的眼睛眯了起来，并且接着她朝他投去了指责的目光。
tr	I	By all accounts wasn 't much wiser , and Deuce wasn 't much younger than Ace .
tr	O	但丁送我出来，并且我费尽全力才平静地走向那辆大众汽车。
tr	I	Now it was the Robotic Era , and these others had been mere humans , though .
tr	I	She tried not to let it bother her , but that concerned her a little .
tr	I	I did too , and he exhaled .
tr	O	这本应让我感觉好些，但是它没有。
tr	I	He definitely wasn 't interested now , and he hadn 't been interested before .
tr	O	一个好警察知道这样的罪行是个人恩怨，而且不幸的是雷就是个好警察。
tr	O	我轻柔地将手指插入他颈部附近较短的头发中，并且他满足地叹了口气。
tr	I	I hope to change that , but I read : Dear Grandson : Circumstances have prevented me from being a greater part of your life .
tr	I	He felt that he was experiencing a lot very quickly and as much as he hadn 't planned any of this , it was an education .
tr	O	不死者咬了进去，愉快地尖叫着，并且随后开始玩弄那截断肢，用它殴打那个尖叫的女人。
tr	I	Now he would try to get it back , and Mad Rogan had expended all of his magic .
tr	I	I had no other choice , but I didn 't trust him .
tr	O	我扭动着臀部，试图够到他，但是我的双腿牢牢地把我固定在柔软的床上。
tr	I	Berlin wasn 't what Nina expected , but she wasn 't here to be a tourist .
tr	I	I could not figure out why , but everyone was clearly livid with me .
tr	O	他本可以杀了他们所有人，但是他怎能当着凯的面，让她看着，摧毁她的父亲呢？
tr	I	Mr. Carter just might be subpoenaed to testify before Congress , and Committee hearings would take place .
tr	I	Gradually he sat up , and he forced his muscles to move .
tr	I	I want more , and I get it .
tr	O	她把一根手指放在嘴唇上，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	I felt as if someone had been watching me , and every shadow moved as if it was alive .
tr	O	他的手臂将我抬离地面，并且我将双腿缠绕在他结实的躯干上。
tr	O	我张开嘴想警告他，但是约翰用手捂住了我的嘴。
tr	I	It was not known how it did so , but dirty water was known to be able to carry disease .
tr	I	There is no bringing back the amazing beauty in those places , but you can hold a memorial for those that were lost in an attack .
tr	O	那个井只有几英尺宽，但是它的力量却在她心中隐现。
tr	O	我转向亨特，想看看他是否刚目睹了发生的一切，但是他太专注于他的牌了。
tr	O	自从开始向西跋涉以来，她瘦了，但是她离成为一个娇小的女人还差得很远。
tr	O	他围绕着她跳动着的凸起，画着宽大而缓慢的圆圈，并且她不得不咬紧牙关，才能忍住不喘息。
tr	I	A sharp pain shot across his skull , and he turned his head .
tr	O	我试着联系你，但是你从来没有回应。
tr	I	Your new family 's forced to claim you , and your real family doesn 't know what to do with you .
tr	I	I also needed to get warm again but I needed to talk to Jules .
tr	O	宽慰涌遍全身，并且我瘫软地靠在他身上。
tr	O	亨丽埃塔开始僵住，她的肌肉收紧，并且她的眼睛睁得尽可能大。
tr	I	I thought I 'd help out , but I knew that he would return them to the tack room after he had finished exercising Dancer .
tr	I	If the accusations were true , it could explain motive , but none of the charges had stuck .
tr	I	The smell of baking awakened his hunger , and it was warm inside .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be found , but he tried to find Jake to deliver the goods .
tr	I	I heard one of the older Titans ask what this place was and the small sanctuary was quickly filled with our large number of people .
tr	O	他藏得很好，并且他藏得很快。
tr	O	她知道恐惧清晰地写在她的脸上，但是她无能为力。
tr	I	Just a sliver of the almond torte Kate had bought the day before and he went down for coffee .
tr	I	It was bleeding pretty well , but the cut didn 't look too deep .
tr	O	她前一天没有去上班，并且她也没有打电话报告缺勤。
tr	I	She 's letting Ryland debrief me , but I can tell she wants to come over .
tr	I	Her attitude was too much the same but her appearance might 've leveled up .
tr	I	Starting walking down the hall to find where Jessie had gone and with nothing else to lose , I stood up .
tr	O	莉兹在我怀里动了一下，并且我爬下了床。
tr	O	到此时，对付柯林斯、欧文和他们的打手只是一个遥远的第三位选择。
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but I didn 't know where he got the money for it all .
tr	I	That wasn 't a good thing , but I could feel my body again .
tr	I	He 'd also begun rinsing glasses in the sink in preparation , but he said Edward had complained nonstop about having his privacy invaded .
tr	O	约瑟夫的嘴因沮丧而扭曲，但是最终他点了点头。
tr	I	She gave out on fifty but Ellen Rose could have done more .
tr	I	Then I nod slowly , and a moment 's thought .
tr	O	他拒绝了，并且我暗自庆幸。
tr	I	There was no blue light from within and there were no voices coming from it .
tr	I	To leave , but I do not see any other course of action for me now .
tr	O	那时它让我很沮丧，但是我现在爱它。
tr	O	他看了我一眼，好像在等我回应，但是 我所能做的只是点头。
tr	I	I 'm just pulling books from my locker , making sure I take home everything I need for tonight 's homework , and School 's out .
tr	O	我开始想起所有可能在汉诺威伤害我的人，并且 我唯一能想到的是詹姆斯。
tr	I	After a while it became obvious she wanted an answer , but I waited for her to keep talking .
tr	O	刘的脸色阴沉下来，并且 他的笑容消失了。
tr	I	Vin wasn 't certain if she wanted to be part of them , and there were forces moving in the world .
tr	O	他向我招手，并且 我走了过去。
tr	I	We cannot protect you out there as easily , and it 's just harder out there in the world of the living .
tr	O	他训斥着，并且 他哄骗着。
tr	O	我试图撕开那冰冷的金属，然而 它仍然牢牢地固定着，缠绕在我的手臂上。
tr	I	When I did , Nic flexed his hips , but I hadn 't meant to voice the question .
tr	I	Together they walked inside , Kelly 's thoughts on Nash 's adoptive mother and Kelly glanced at Nash .
tr	I	They weren 't tears of sorrow , but she swiped at the tears in her eyes .
tr	I	She hadn 't even noticed he was standing next to her and he 'd easily gotten close to her with his mask on .
tr	I	He plays for the Mets now , but he used to live here .
tr	O	她的朋友约会的机会比她多得多，并且 他们俩都有男人不停地给她们打电话。
tr	O	阿米拉一瞬间怀疑他是否像她一样拥有那块余烬，但是 他的火焰只是一种魔术师的把戏。
tr	O	他不想久留惹人厌烦，但是他也不想失礼。
tr	I	He had brought this upon himself , but this could ruin his life .
tr	I	Very slowly my body eased itself back to normal , but the adrenaline still pumped through my veins like a raging river .
tr	I	She asked me if I could do another reading and I 'd once read the cards for her about a boyfriend .
tr	O	有一阵子，事情又感觉好起来了，但是内心深处，迈克尔还是知道的。
tr	O	起初它们对我来说太大了，但是我又在紧身裤外面穿了一双厚袜子，所以它们现在很舒服了。
tr	I	His gaze shifted from Bruno to me and Reid 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	你看不到，但是我能。
tr	O	我研究过了，并且它是真的。
tr	O	她身材苗条，并且街灯映着她金色的头发。
tr	I	It was the only way I could do this without freaking out , but I wasn 't sure slow was something we could do .
tr	I	He struggled to draw in air , and sharp breaths wheezed from his lungs .
tr	O	他大部分下巴都缺失了，并且他的舌头就那样悬在那里，不知道该怎么办。
tr	O	她毕竟是个护士，并且受过训练能向受惊吓的病人隐藏情绪，他心想。
tr	I	He matched her rhythm , plunging deeper with every thrust , and she began to rock beneath him .
tr	O	他没有认出来，但是区号是206。
tr	I	She protested with a plaintive whimper and he slipped out of her .
tr	O	铰链吱吱作响，并且我听到凯登在我发出一点尖叫时笑了。
tr	I	Jonas drank her share as well as his own , and Verity turned down the sherry .
tr	O	多默按下了盒子前面的一个把手，并且侧板滑了下来，露出了一块紧凑的机器。
tr	O	他们到了，并且她喉咙哽咽着下了车。
tr	O	我以前从未做过，并且它比我预想的要困难得多。
tr	I	Emily hadn 't said anything and he 'd ask why they 'd hung out three times now .
tr	I	They are all strange , and they are all here .
tr	O	我们动了，并且我的背撞到了柔软的东西。
tr	I	I winked at her , and she rubbed my leg with her foot .
tr	O	我的眼睛湿润了，并且我感到情感上非常脆弱。
tr	I	My focus is on a few decades that passed three centuries ago , and I am an historian .
tr	O	她身上有一种吸引人的自然光芒，并且他也没有免疫。
tr	I	Our parents did not know how to cope and only in our lifetimes had the cycle changed .
tr	I	Now I 'm pretty sure I know , but before , I wondered what they meant .
tr	I	Then he turned his searchlight gaze onto Alex once more , and Yeager waited until Kincaid was gone .
tr	O	那个男人的脖子向后折断，好像是摔在脖子上了，但是一切都覆盖着白霜。
tr	I	My stomach sinks , and vibrating in my hand , the phone reads Mom .
tr	I	Again I demurred , and Cecil offered yet again to drive me .
tr	O	我们知道那是不可能的，但是我们可以试试。
tr	I	At this point the other tunnel options led out to a waterfall , and it would be harder for the vampires to navigate through here also .
tr	O	他一句话也没说，但是他也不必说。
tr	O	森的下巴抽动了一下，但是他继续了简报。
tr	I	Then the light disappeared , but her flashlight had made it possible for him to track her movements to the loft .
tr	I	He shuddered under my touch , and I stroked my hand over his hair .
tr	O	他被锁在墙上，并且隔间的门从外面闩上了。
tr	O	她的头痛得快炸开了并且她感到头晕目眩，所以她虚弱得害怕自己会再次倒下。
tr	O	他爱你们所有人，并且他爱他的祖国。
tr	I	On the other she placed a teabag and on one teacup she placed three teaspoons of chocolate powder .
tr	O	迈阿密不是地狱，但是至少很舒适。
tr	I	Her fingers didn 't work right , and she could barely lift her hand .
tr	I	I 'm not sure how to turn it off and chapter 10 Lola I haven 't cried in forever .
tr	I	I nodded , and he looked down at my license .
tr	I	A knot formed in my throat , and he snatched the baby away from me .
tr	O	我身边有两匹马，并且我很轻盈。
tr	I	The dragon breaths a stream of fire out of its mouth and there is a laugh .
tr	I	Her breathing became uneven and Sabre 's skin flushed .
tr	O	他被带过了多条走廊，并且他疲惫的思绪很快就迷失了方向。
tr	I	She laughed , sending a jealous , coursing storm through my veins and he said something to her .
tr	O	步枪的射击声肯定会引来不必要的注意，并且风中会飘散着很多气味。
tr	O	她惊叫了一声，并且她的手举了起来。
tr	I	He stumbled , and a few pieces of pungent refuse hit Kurt .
tr	O	他又喝了一口酒，并且我听到液体从他齿间发出嘶嘶声。
tr	I	It would shut her up , but it would give her what she wanted .
tr	I	In spite of his grave injury , the priest struggled to obey , and it was a command .
tr	O	她自己挑选了那些，而且它们让她的腿看起来更长。
tr	I	The kidnapper took him to a candy store , where the owner recognized the boy , and the boy wanted some candy first .
tr	O	拉米雷斯没有我原始的力量，但是他却很好地利用了他所拥有的。
tr	O	愤怒席卷了他，并且他手臂上的金属皮肤随着他准备回应而波动。
tr	O	当埃德温笨拙地摸索着信封时，他的脉搏加快了，并且他的头开始抽痛。
tr	O	他走到墙边，并且他在他从律师那里偷来的电话上拨打了银行家的号码。
tr	I	Given the circumstances , Sam was very much afraid that was exactly what they 'd have to do , and to pop smoke was to leave quickly .
tr	I	Obviously Rafe had been hit by Cupid 's arrow , but Adriane didn 't know what to think about that .
tr	O	我转而问道，并且她用力地点了点头。
tr	O	我想告诉他我感到抱歉，但是我没有。
tr	O	与死亡擦肩而过让这位佐治亚人充满了能量，并且他以比以往更大的热情向皮尔斯发起了攻击。
tr	O	我没有这件事的证据，但是我至少要为你的母亲，为我们的家庭去尝试。
tr	O	他记得他的父亲是如何去世的，并且他的家人被卖为奴隶。
tr	O	这绝对是恐怖的，然而在阳光下完全赤裸却又奇怪地令人兴奋。
tr	O	很难猜出他的年龄，但是 我猜他至少四十岁。
tr	O	一个人影都没有，并且 街道感觉像一座鬼城。
tr	O	这正是他的道德所要求的，并且 他的父亲也会期望他这样做。
tr	I	A lot of them were the deep , dark kind , and everyone in Arcane had secrets .
tr	I	He refused to allow himself to be caught in a vulnerable position , but he had no idea who .
tr	I	My entire body felt fuzzy and my head was totally pounding .
tr	I	A knot formed in her throat , and Eve 's heart lurched .
tr	O	她的心立刻翻了个跟头，并且 并不是因为他吓到了她。
tr	I	I knew Julian 's body was as rigid as mine , and my body stiffened at the sound of Sofie 's voice .
tr	I	He wouldn 't leave but Sidra couldn 't believe she was discussing things like this with Rashid in the room .
tr	I	His eyes began to bleed and the sound made my teeth rattle .
tr	I	He would have none of that , but they simply wanted to banish him .
tr	O	那个杂种想杀了我，罗杰，但是 他需要做得干净利落；在战斗中。
tr	O	我强压下反应，笑了，并且 这一次我把它当作了一个承诺。
tr	I	Elliott waited for Mitchell 's response , but Father Donovan nodded .
tr	I	He slid in beside her and Joni lifted the covers .
tr	O	她一定有过很多追求者，但是 还没有人偷走她的心。
tr	I	Jake went on , but Toby didn 't .
tr	O	再加上她因危险临近而肾上腺素飙升，并且 她的双腿感觉就像水做的。
tr	O	他失去了他对这个世界最珍贵的依靠，并且他的大部分人不再需要他了。
tr	O	空气中弥漫着一种诡异的寂静，然而没有人。
tr	I	We drank and everyone cheered at that .
tr	O	他每隔几分钟就查看一次手机，以确保我们走在正确的方向上，并且我看着他的脸。
tr	I	They bought our ruse , and the feds were watching .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and I didn 't know who Silas was .
tr	O	他拒绝被骗，但是到目前为止，这个故事是合理的。
tr	I	I had a strong feeling that he hadn 't really been talking about French fries , but I couldn 't be sure .
tr	I	A professional repairman could 've come out to take care of the leak , and all it would 've taken was a simple phone call .
tr	I	She did get her fairytale and they really were going to be a family together .
tr	I	The shoes arranged along the back wall went for just as much , and there wasn 't a dress in here that was less than five grand .
tr	I	Her expression quickly turned to one of amusement , but Emmy shot me an irritated look at first .
tr	I	It was being given to her as a gift and Evie wondered if this was some other family home .
tr	O	她也比我漂亮，但是我没有指望这点。
tr	O	它是世界的权力中心，并且奥利弗·罗素是那个中心的中心。
tr	O	莱德的眼睛想垂下来闭上，但是他强迫自己的目光保持睁开。
tr	I	I particularly refused to see the one they were pointing out , but I didn 't like romantic comedies as a rule .
tr	O	阿廖沙点了点头，并且巴力消失了。
tr	O	门口有一阵骚动，并且一名警卫走了进来。
tr	I	He wasn 't going anywhere until he made certain she wasn 't there , but Will didn 't know if his brothers could smell Lina .
tr	I	The music from next door drifts through the open window and it 's dark .
tr	O	我的胃感到不适，并且我的嘴巴惊得合不拢了。
tr	O	我听到她问，但是没有回应。
tr	I	The double cheeseburger was a Big Bopper and the cheeseburger was a Chubby Checker .
tr	O	她的丰唇衬托出高颧骨，并且她散发出一种从容优雅的气质。
tr	O	流血出汗什么的太恶心了，并且她根本就不是在变成喀尔巴阡人。
tr	O	他能感觉到他们之间的距离，并且他不知道如何跨越它。
tr	I	What he became , so much worse than the murderer he had been and he saw the psychotic Saul .
tr	O	她踢了他的腹股沟，并且他倒下了。
tr	O	只有几辆车停在前面，并且楼上几扇窗户里亮着几盏灯。
tr	O	她的嘴唇咧开一个笑容，并且我想那是我从她身上看到的第一次真正幸福的表情。
tr	O	埃文也笑了，并且他的却是冰冷的。
tr	I	The door was slightly ajar and the lock had been removed .
tr	I	There are crates onboard , presumable filled with weapons and they confirmed the ship is still in the harbor .
tr	O	麦克瞪着我，并且我能真切地感受到那股怒火。
tr	O	我一整天都在想你，并且我不想等到明天。
tr	I	That was all I needed before I pressed my lips down on hers and she nodded slightly .
tr	O	他的脸涨红了，并且我抚摸了他的下巴。
tr	O	她怀孕几个月了，并且她的男朋友那个周末打算向她求婚。
tr	O	门开了，并且她走了进来。
tr	O	她脸上的许多伤口都被缝合了，并且她看起来有点像个稻草人。
tr	O	他的话语很低沉，并且我僵住了片刻。
tr	O	我会去接你，并且你可以和我一起坐车。
tr	I	It never occurred to them to say , Planet of the Apes and the others made several guesses .
tr	I	Without his shirt to soften it , it would chafe , but I was going to just drape it over Sean 's bare arm .
tr	O	她腿上放着一个文件夹，并且她的脚边有一个昂贵的公文包。
tr	I	That didn 't make it any easier on me , but I wouldn 't want to ever see her again .
tr	O	她曾自愿与西蒙发生性关系，并且性行为可能导致怀孕。
tr	O	她向我伸出她的小手，并且我后退了一步。
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and one of his fingers brushed my skin as he felt the cool metal .
tr	O	他太危险了，而且她是个瘾君子。
tr	O	他们可能正在监视我的一举一动，而且我活不回来了。
tr	O	看不到她的任何踪迹，但是他疯了，精神失常。
tr	I	There is no fight but I ready to fight .
tr	I	She didn 't have time for another cup and it was cold .
tr	I	I feared the effects of the daemon 's disappointment , and I had now neglected my promise for some time .
tr	I	I couldn 't do anything about it , and the bolt was coming toward me .
tr	O	一个娇小碧眼金发女郎，莱拉，跟在她身后，并且他们正在嘲笑他们前面的一些人。
tr	O	魔鬼缩小了，而巫师却没有，因为他没有被接地，并且魔鬼被接地了。
tr	O	找到答案不会改变历史进程，但是也许会防止更多其他学校的屠杀。
tr	O	他抽出了他的手指，并且很快，我听到了锡箔纸包装的撕裂声。
tr	O	她刷卡开锁，并且我打开了她大楼的门。
tr	I	It 's not the kind of thing I 'd forget and I can 't think of when I would 've put it in my pocket .
tr	O	马尔科姆温暖的手拉着我向前，并且我在黑暗中跌跌撞撞。
tr	O	护士在储藏室里仔细找了一会儿之后拿出了它，并且他把它递给了斯蒂芬妮。
tr	O	瑾跟着去了，但是有些事情似乎不对劲。
tr	I	None of them was Kenzie , and only to discover two girls were already there .
tr	I	I approached Liza and my father took a step back .
tr	I	Maybe Rex were here too and noises in back said Fade .
tr	I	The drive once you 're on the ground shouldn 't be too bad , but you 'll have to take a prop job from Boise , probably .
tr	I	I cross my arms and she shuts the door .
tr	I	We sat at a stone bench in front of the courthouse and Spencer took me by the hand .
tr	I	It feels so damn good but it must be the chains .
tr	I	You have no business going anywhere near her , and it 's her six months off .
tr	O	霍尔布鲁克医生没有以前的经验，并且她不确定如果事情出错他会适应得多好。
tr	O	我也快被压垮了，但是我忍不住笑了。
tr	O	他们继续互相依偎，并且茉莉觉得她像个入侵者。
tr	I	He soon turned it around , but wasn 't doing too well by the time Dick made it home .
tr	O	在她心中，我看到了她在离开前想大口喝下一整杯伏特加的欲望，但是她把它推开了。
tr	O	希拉笑了，并且康纳点了点头。
tr	I	He spoke before she could , but she shook her head again .
tr	O	的确，这件事发生在很久以前，但是对他来说，它才刚刚发生。
tr	I	Snaking up her arm was whip , and a velvet choker wrapped her neck .
tr	O	她又叹了口气，但是她的眼睛闪耀着热情。
tr	I	They pulled themselves free of the earth , and these were the shambling , rotting dead .
tr	I	His throat was already dry and this was going to be a long conversation .
tr	I	Its whole head was now consumed by ethereal flame , and the heat had spread beyond its eyes .
tr	I	Maybe she shivered , or she tensed briefly .
tr	I	They 'd taken me at my word , and I 'd told them they could do whatever they wanted .
tr	O	司机什么也没说，但是颜色在他周围盘旋变化，边缘明亮。
tr	O	我对此表示怀疑，但是任何尝试都是值得的。
tr	I	He 's still thinking about me , but he might be tied up elsewhere .
tr	O	他在阴影中几乎看不清她的脸，但是他感受到了她声音中真实的紧张。
tr	O	我试图告诉自己这只是一只蜘蛛，但是这没有帮助。
tr	O	我只想去冰球山，而且我告诉你这条路不属于你。
tr	I	He surveyed me and his eyes grew cold .
tr	I	I swallowed fear , and my nerves flared .
tr	O	兰德尔让她面对楼梯，并且他慢慢地帮助她爬上楼梯。
tr	I	His uncle follow the hordes of people heading to their shrine and Steve is all eyes as he .
tr	O	她甚至有一口完美的牙齿，而且莎拉认为人们长得这么好看应该违反某种宇宙法则。
tr	O	兴奋在她姐姐的眼中闪耀，并且萨布丽娜强忍着身体里流淌的痛苦。
tr	O	每个人都因为我们是你的朋友而如此敬畏，并且他们认为我们一定知道一些别人不知道的事情。
tr	I	My casual clothes seemed too dumpy and my nice clothes seemed too dressy .
tr	I	He realized that he was suspended upside down , and she came into focus just inches from his face .
tr	I	We have only just returned from the midwinter ball , and late in the day on February 21 The sun has risen .
tr	O	格雷森·特威宁有很多身份，但是他不是一个杀手。
tr	O	雪莉已经错过了她的最后两次月经，并且她知道自己又怀孕了。
tr	I	Royce almost regretted telling her the truth , and Jenny 's finely arched brows drew together in a puzzled frown .
tr	I	It wasn 't enough but I told her everything .
tr	I	She hadn 't said much but her mother had hinted at the fact that Max owned a wine distribution business .
tr	O	我继续在机械店工作，但是到那时埃姆斯已经拥有了我的灵魂。
tr	O	仍然会有蒸汽将他们遮挡，不让旁观者看到，但是没有什么能将她从莱利面前遮挡。
tr	O	莉莉在等着，但是我无法让自己了结生命。
tr	O	话已出口，卢修斯知道这些话是冒失的，但是他没有一个体面的退路。
tr	O	又一道闪光，并且我看到了他正盯着的东西。
tr	O	他从原地纵身跃上马鞍，并且在他还没坐稳之前，他的马就已经跑起来了。
tr	I	Her gaze went to his mouth , and her blue eyes went soft at the sight of him against her .
tr	I	I had my dick pressed between her legs and now we were on her bed .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen , but she turned to speak to Jude .
tr	O	没人反对，但是也没人同意。
tr	I	It is hard to stay in complete isolation , as I am being sure you know , but we kept to ourselves .
tr	I	Elizabeth 's got your sisters choosing bridesmaids ' dresses , and you haven 't even asked Charlotte to marry you .
tr	O	房间里瞬间一片寂静，并且接着我身后爆发出一声窃笑。
tr	I	That is not entirely accurate , but I said ' they 're all here ' .
tr	O	她接着看向他的胸膛，但是没多少可看的。
tr	O	女人合拢双手，并且她微笑着热情问候。
tr	O	他大喊，并且那个瘦骨嶙峋的陌生人离开了。
tr	O	塔米也想要一个，并且她立刻就看到了。
tr	O	赞恩的嘴唇卷曲起来，并且他眯起了眼睛。
tr	I	I would never say that , but I wanted her to go away .
tr	I	Brazen knew the mayor had arrived , and a large white passenger van pulled up outside the bar .
tr	O	他坐在我旁边，我的腿搭在他的膝盖上，他给我揉着脚，并且这让我想起了图书馆。
tr	O	诺埃尔知道他的曾祖父在该地区所有军人中都有影响力，并且他现在正利用那种影响力。
tr	O	我们从小就认识，并且我们彼此了解。
tr	I	I got butterflies again , and Jean smiled at me .
tr	O	我的父亲可能教会了我如何思考，但是是我的母亲教会了我去爱。
tr	O	放弃是任何鸟类都能做的最简单的事情，但是当大多数其他鸟类都反对我们时，坚持下去才是真正的力量。
tr	I	Aden heard only Caleb , the soul 's upset giving him volume , but Victoria was talking , too .
tr	O	他确信登记法律已被违反，但是他将对任何交通违规行为拒不认罪。
tr	O	这不是一个戏剧性的反应，但是它给了沙恩希望。
tr	I	She was able to move and as soon as his hands left her shoulders , the horrid gloom lifted .
tr	I	I don 't care , but a hundred heads turn to stare at me .
tr	I	It was locked , but there was a door at the bottom .
tr	I	She frowned and Natalie 's shoulders slumped .
tr	I	She saw the look on Amy 's face but Celia started to protest .
tr	I	He knew he wouldn 't do that , but he knew it would be easiest to go to the FBI now , while she was gone .
tr	I	I held myself back but I wanted to run after him .
tr	I	I faked it for my man , but I wasn 't quite as excited .
tr	I	Barbi , well , she was Barbi and Abby never really warmed up to me .
tr	I	He was worried he 'd only make matters worse by wading in , but Nate wanted to help in some way .
tr	O	然后一切都失控了，并且我的思绪一片空白。
tr	O	一次约会糟透了，并且现在他却如此迷人？
tr	I	Someone got out and a door opened .
tr	O	我刚转身就感觉到了一丝预兆，并且这让我能够保持笑容。
tr	I	You never seemed to feel the same , but for years I imagined us being together .
tr	O	她把手放在我的肩膀上，并且我努力忍住不畏缩。
tr	O	我仍然需要营救被俘的公主，并且我仍然需要回到我的女王身边。
tr	I	That was probably his intention , and he made me feel worthless .
tr	I	Everyone was mad at him when I woke up but I don 't remember because I was basically unconscious .
tr	I	The loss of blood would quickly drain his strength , but as a vampire he could not bleed to death .
tr	I	I went for the cheap shot , and he shrugged , still infuriatingly nonchalant .
tr	I	I walked down the stairs and I walked over to the one on the left .
tr	I	This was his biggest mistake and he caved in to their demands .
tr	I	Devon found her eyes drooping , and the drive back into the city had a calming effect .
tr	I	I get where he 's coming from , but stafford saying the word ' cool ' is pretty traumatic .
tr	I	I can trust the thoroughness of my acquaintances regarding it , but I myself would refrain from gaining this information first hand .
tr	I	Then he turned to submit himself to Deuce 's tender mercies , and Zane watched him silently as he started messing with the dials .
tr	I	We entered and he unlocked the door .
tr	O	莉亚用双臂搂住他的肩膀，并且他骑出了后院。
tr	O	垃圾回收员周一来过了，并且他很乐意处理掉这些。
tr	O	我又试着推开他，但是我被困在了门边。
tr	O	我点了帕尔马鸡肉，配凯撒沙拉，并且亨利点了托斯卡纳牛排，三分熟配石蟹。
tr	O	康妮知道弗兰基一直在吃那些糖果，并且她从未说过什么。
tr	O	我不理解这个疯狂的魔法世界，但是他对我来说只是一个痛苦的人。
tr	O	他没有等待答复，并且船轰隆隆地向前开去，穿过轻柔的涌浪。
tr	I	I broke the kiss , looking down , and I remembered what else happened that night .
tr	O	我会提出一些建议，并且她会立刻告诉我为什么这注定会失败。
tr	I	Maybe he wasn 't ready to talk about it yet , or maybe he was saying what Perry wanted to hear .
tr	I	He sighed and the smile on his face fell away .
tr	I	Your hamburger is complete , and put the top on .
tr	I	She held back tears but Moisture filled her eyes .
tr	O	他把刀插进她的背部，并且她痛苦地尖叫起来。
tr	O	我们平静地吃完了饭，并且我的头痛也减轻了一些。
tr	O	我拿着手机，希望能得到答复，但是我最终还是放弃了。
tr	I	It doesn 't kill them , but Sunlight might confuse them .
tr	O	玛乔丽·滕奇去钓鱼了，但是你却没有上钩。
tr	O	扎克做出了他的选择，并且我也做出了我的选择。
tr	I	I could get into any trouble and I met Chloe before Ellen .
tr	I	He pushed his thumb on my chin , opening my mouth wider and his large palm was still cupping my face .
tr	O	你如此充满爱，这是他们永远无法企及的，并且你爱我的两个儿子是很自然的。
tr	O	战时饮酒时间很短，并且为了弥补这一点，今晚两人都额外加了一班。
tr	O	在他们的战斗中，所有的上古之神都被摧毁了，并且现在她独自一人了。
tr	I	I unlocked our door and we reached our room .
tr	O	我正要问候他时，乘客侧车门开了，并且莱利走了出来。
tr	O	她隔着手臂的弯曲处盯着他，眼睛睁得大大的，但是她没有叫他停下来。
tr	I	I nodded , and pouted Ron .
tr	I	She was ashamed that he heard it , and there was a wistful note she couldn 't keep from her voice .
tr	O	我们轮流偷偷溜进彼此的卧室，并且到目前为止，她的父母对此一无所知。
tr	I	A groan ripped from my throat , and he used his tongue to massage the nipple .
tr	I	The breeze simply stopped , and the air took on a metallic , dusky taste .
tr	I	His word wasn 't worth any more than the price of the last tankard of beer , and he was the town drunk .
tr	I	I just didn 't understand how someone could do that and it was so selfish .
tr	I	From the empty look in their eyes , they weren 't in control of their will , but the pack circled me more warily now .
tr	O	房间很简陋，并且床是空的。
tr	O	他停下来，低下头，并且我想他可能在哭。
tr	O	这是感恩节后的周末，并且我们正在忙碌了一天的学习后放松。
tr	I	His cause was just and it was his time .
tr	O	这是一个笑容，这本不应该是什么大不了的事，但是对尼克来说，这让他的心跳加速了。
tr	I	She wasn 't shy about collecting and everyone owed her a favor .
tr	I	Getting any closer risked a messy breakup , and he wasn 't eager to make their relationship permanent .
tr	O	艾米丽知道她不应该，但是她无法抗拒。
tr	I	She 's changing as she does , but my sister finally looks to me .
tr	I	I am not exactly intimidated at the thought either , but I am in no hurry to take that step .
tr	O	她仍然给小宝宝们喂奶，并且她的宗教反正也禁止醉酒。
tr	I	Now his voice was decisive , not to be argued with , but it was unlike Nick to say anything at meetings .
tr	O	她安静了一秒，在她的头猛地抬起来并再次看向我之前。
tr	O	随着他走开，雪又开始嘎吱作响，但是我没有听到第二串脚步声离开。
tr	O	那个男人的嘴巴的味道仍然停留在她的舌尖，并且她想吐。
tr	O	她就在那里，并且他们没有看到她。
tr	O	两个孩子都是四月底出生的，并且艾比想办一个联合惊喜生日派对。
tr	I	It makes them see things and they take drugs .
tr	I	Mihai 's heart ached to see the girl 's terror and the Queen tilted back her head by force .
tr	I	There was no way I was driving eight hours straight , but Chapter 2 I had gotten on the road early .
tr	I	A shape I thought was Tolliver leaped forward , and then the lights came on in the room , blinding me .
tr	I	No one remembered him and Dank was gone .
tr	O	我知道我做错了事，但是我现在就是无法处理。
tr	I	I surely worried her with my mumbled thoughts , and the lady 's maid from before attended me .
tr	I	Desperately I wished he were here and I was astonished at how suddenly .
tr	O	他算不上是彻头彻尾的恶毒，但是他当然也不友好。
tr	I	I want him to shut the hell up and it 's like he 's stuck on repeat .
tr	I	He couldn 't risk going lower , but Frost started to cover both of them .
tr	O	我动身准备跳下去，但是伊卡洛斯的喊声阻止了我。
tr	O	佩里为自己的话感到自豪，并且这体现在了回馈的笑容中。
tr	O	你面前几英尺以外什么也看不见，但是有几支火把还没有熄灭。
tr	O	时钟滴答作响，并且纳什没有回来。
tr	O	人们会不时地在那里见到他，并且关于他的传说会流传世世代代。
tr	O	每天都在好转，但是他仍然需要我待在身边。
tr	O	我看了她一眼，问她是否真的以为我会蠢到以其他方式回答，并且她笑了。
tr	O	也许她的身体已经对某些效果产生了抗药性，并且她需要更强的剂量。
tr	I	His behaviour makes trouble for the colony and now he is the size of an adult dragon .
tr	I	He drew her close to him , bending his head to hers and his hand curled around the nape of her neck .
tr	O	红灯亮了，并且扬声器里传来了静电声。
tr	I	As he pressed me against him , he actually hauled me up on my tiptoes , and CHAPTER 26 Dex was taller than me .
tr	O	本杰明·丘奇是一名医生，并且我们很轻易地就找到了他的房子。
tr	O	他们都知道需要做什么，但是他们中没有人对如何着手做这件事有任何好主意。
tr	O	我本来可以叫休去做，但是那样我便无法获得假期去见赛斯，因此我才这样措辞。
tr	O	我儿子把他拉进了我们的船，并且我们把他带到乌蒂拉岛安葬。
tr	O	她再次挽起他的手臂时，让问题悬在空中，并且他们开始走回宫殿。
tr	I	My teeth start chattering and we continue walking .
tr	I	The blood trickled instead of gushed , but he had some pain in his back .
tr	I	We all respect her , but we talk a lot of shit about her because she 's the hard-ass of the group .
tr	O	他很少因为生意上的事情接触家人，但是他觉得麦克的识人眼光很可靠。
tr	O	他答应过不告诉乔琳，并且她祈祷他会信守诺言。
tr	O	他很有趣，但是他没有争议。
tr	O	手在我身上，是我爱人的手，但是它们没有以爱抚的方式触碰我。
tr	O	我什么也证明不了，并且他们可能甚至不会相信我。
tr	I	Flung her back like a rag doll and the first shot took her in the chest .
tr	O	他为他们做了力所能及的事，但是从不越界。
tr	O	我直到上大学才认识他，并且他从不怎么谈论他的过去。
tr	O	是菲尔，并且菲尔正凝视着商店。
tr	I	He lets go , rubbing his palms on his pant leg and he notices me noticing our hands .
tr	I	My face is center stage at every level , but no public appearances are made since the jet incident .
tr	O	他已有数百年高龄，并且她的技艺生疏了。
tr	O	他们从壕沟里拉开了草皮，并且她就带着剑横在胸前爬了进去。
tr	O	白天阳光普照着它，并且夜晚有星辰。
tr	I	He 'd look into it and he 'd see something wrong .
tr	O	这样的周末很可能不会再发生，并且我对此有所释怀，因为凯文。
tr	I	Going back just didn 't feel right , but Thomas knew it was a good question .
tr	O	我不知道我为什么要用这些破事折磨自己，但是我还是会这么做。
tr	I	She snapped it shut , but her mouth opened .
tr	I	The four small vials of holy water secreted in each of the heels of his boots , and now his only protection was the vis .
tr	O	我很想哭，但是我幽灵般的身体无法流出眼泪。
tr	I	The box was carried away with the squad , and the rest of the items were left in the box , to be issued later .
tr	O	他已经被抓住了，并且他将被治愈。
tr	O	他吻上我的唇，并且我捧住他的脸颊。
tr	I	Iridium was maintaining his customary stoicism , and Winston had overcome his initial shock .
tr	I	He lay still as stone , but presently his breath was hissing softly through his clenched teeth .
tr	O	我的手开始解开上衣的系带，并且当我脱掉它后，我继续处理剩下的部分。
tr	O	他叹了口气，并且一瞬间，他的表情暗了下来。
tr	O	杰夫会因为科尔错过他的比赛而感到失望，但是他会理解的。
tr	O	我的身体紧贴着他的，并且他的手臂搭在我的上面。
tr	I	I slowly lowered my gaze from the ceiling to the floor , and reality slowly swam back into focus in my fragmented mind .
tr	O	这是进行外交的时机，但是凯勒已经恼怒得无法思考。
tr	O	他反抗了，并且尽管她足够强壮能让他继续向她移动，她还是放开了他。
tr	I	Her body wrapped around his and she seemed to be just as desperate to kiss him back as he was .
tr	I	I was genuinely curious , but I hated how arrogant that sounded .
tr	I	There was a limit to how much he could take with him , but he was lucky that the jacket seemed overly blessed with pockets .
tr	I	It shook intensely for a second time as I came close , and I slid over to it .
tr	I	Sure enough , it was the three musketeers running from the family room out to greet us , and I heard a shriek .
tr	I	They will be for sure , but we can 't get over there to help them .
tr	O	他讨厌呕吐，并且当你不停呕吐时，他害怕你会传染他。
tr	I	My heart literally stops beating , and the name Ingrid leaps out at me like a neon banner .
tr	O	他们的目光相遇了，并且她离开了，仿佛走在上坡路上。
tr	O	这可能只是垃圾，但是它是好垃圾。
tr	O	你知道它，并且我知道它。
tr	I	They were moving , slowly and there were dark shapes against the glowing light .
tr	I	Angrily , he couldn 't tell which , or her bare foot with its pale pink varnished toes bounced casually .
tr	I	She smelled his scent again , and a breeze blew into the house .
tr	I	The guard tightened his grip , but she teetered forward .
tr	I	I was weak from blood loss , but I tried to scramble for some shade .
tr	I	She saw her reflection in his sunglasses and he turned to face her .
tr	I	A line of hopefuls waited in the corner , and EVERY table was full .
tr	O	它把她肺里的空气挤了出来，并且她躺在地板上喘着气。
tr	O	在我身后，有什么东西拉扯着我，但是它不够强壮。
tr	O	今天本该放晴的，但是现在看起来不怎么样。
tr	I	She forced them out , as much for her own benefit as for his own but her words could barely form the words .
tr	O	小心地，我走了进去，寻找他，但是我只找到一个摆满白色家具的大房间。
tr	I	Her overly nonchalant attitude suggests otherwise , but she pretends she has no idea what I 'm talking about .
tr	I	His mouth was moving in a strange fashion and his eyes looked as if they were glowing .
tr	O	我确实需要知道，而且我不确定朱丽叶会不会告诉我。
tr	O	他把刀插进桌子，并且它就立在那里，对我狞笑。
tr	I	He was under no illusions that she would stop him again , but Julie had stopped Singer the first time .
tr	I	Still , they 'd never paid attention to her , but sure , they were much older than she was .
tr	I	Somehow I would find it in me to believe him , and some childish part of me still hoped that he would proclaim his innocence .
tr	O	门砰地关上了，并且玛西娅倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	我开始收拾帐篷外的衣服，并且德里克清理所有打开的食物容器。
tr	O	她看起来好像要哭了，并且我感到一丝同情。
tr	O	布达等着听到门开，但是它没有。
tr	I	I couldn 't say I blamed her , and that was the last thing she wanted to do .
tr	I	Her arm only burned worse from the struggle , so she gave in with a low , resigned cry , but she twisted toward release .
tr	O	声音把迭戈吓了一跳，并且野生动物都跑了。
tr	I	She grabbed his wrist , stopping him from moving anywhere too intimate and his hand slid upwards .
tr	I	I decide that I love the taste of him and I lick the side of his neck .
tr	I	It didn 't help a whole lot , but I blinked rapidly to try to help my vision return .
tr	O	艾瑞伸出手，并且我把他递给她。
tr	I	His hands were tied behind his back , and he realized that he was being carried .
tr	O	他们跑出去，准备打架，并且邓肯在跟着佩特之前只回头看了一眼。
tr	I	Barry slammed his shoulder into her , knocking her slight figure to the side , but Jaxon would have gone through the door first .
tr	O	门砰地一声开了，并且我停止了踱步。
tr	I	She clenched her fists together in her lap , and every sound from the corridor made her twitch .
tr	O	它最初听起来像被附身了，但是进一步的数据却表明并非如此，不幸的是。
tr	I	That isn 't gon na change , and I love every single freaking piece of you , even when you feel this way .
tr	O	他把我放了下来，并且我们又开始走路了。
tr	O	他从未那样想过，但是如此直白地说出来，他发现很难否认。
tr	O	泪水从她的指缝间渗出，并且她睁开眼睛看着他。
tr	I	Very effective it had been as well , and indeed , they had already used it in a small way from time to time .
tr	O	乔琳不再是以前的那个女人了，并且他们谁也不知道该如何对待她。
tr	O	我身后响起一声喇叭，并且我穿过十字路口，一路跟着内夫去了商场。
tr	O	再次陷入寂静，并且当我脑海中重温这些话时，我意识到今晚我在新闻上看到的那个人是被陷害的。
tr	I	I hadn 't even known I was waiting for it , and then came the moment for which I 'd been waiting .
tr	I	It was bad enough but it was not the worst thing she had ever tasted .
tr	I	Then he remembered Allie yelling , trying to warn him , but he wanted to believe the gunshot was a freak accident .
tr	O	尼克斯似乎一直都喜欢那样，并且格里芬也喜欢，从它发出的快乐小吱声判断。
tr	I	No one took notice and no one could tell .
tr	I	This time , light glows behind the windows , and I find myself in the atrium garden again .
tr	O	尽管我不得不把手臂紧紧地压在他的手臂上，我不在乎，并且他也没有动。
tr	I	It was Jack who made the first move , but they could all hear it now .
tr	O	他的眼睛像闪亮的弹珠一样在眼眶里转动，并且他的眉毛愤怒地皱成一团。
tr	O	蒸汽从恶魔的脚下升起，并且几秒钟后它们就燃起了火焰。
tr	I	My own words were making my chest ache , but I was trying to sound brave .
tr	I	At lunch , Savannah approached me again , but I finally got rid of her when I went to my social studies class .
tr	O	我是一个邋遢鬼，并且我的妻子是透明的！
tr	I	I stopped talking and my voice caught .
tr	O	她的心为他感到疼痛，并且她的血液因需要保护他而沸腾。
tr	O	没有人来，并且我开始放松，让我的手缠绕在其中一扇门的把手上。
tr	O	没有多少男人让她感到娇小，但是这个人做到了。
tr	O	那个男人冲上前，并且我尖叫起来。
tr	O	你有证据表明恶魔痘存在，并且你没有向我提及！
tr	I	I wouldn 't meet his eyes , but he got down at my level .
tr	I	Theo 's gaze was locked on the floor , but I nodded .
tr	I	Yet he seemed to grow bigger , scarier , and he didn 't move a muscle .
tr	O	我的耳朵充满了剧烈的敲击声，并且我尝到了咸味。
tr	O	才过了几个月，但是萨凡纳却过得非常开心。
tr	O	有时她看起来像一只刺猬，并且每当她触摸任何带有金属材质的东西时，她的指尖就会迸发出明亮的火花。
tr	I	She only called Carson when something bad was going down , but his sister Jenny was constantly getting into jams .
tr	I	His name is Timmy Madden and he 's seven years old .
tr	O	质疑她的雇主不是她的本分，但是她发现自己不喜欢她所认为的拉夫勋爵对阿黛尔的轻蔑。
tr	I	It sucked , and she was being fired for the first time in her life .
tr	O	她的眼睛闭着，并且她又恢复了正常的呼吸。
tr	O	她羞于这么想，但是她的行为更像一个陷入爱河的女学生。
tr	O	狼人可能不会感到内疚，但是伤害雪莉会毁灭吸血鬼。
tr	O	卡利俄珀倾斜了她的头，并且我屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	厨房里有几本食谱，并且浴室里有一个柳条杂志篮。
tr	I	It was enough to make a living , but it wasn 't much .
tr	O	埃丽卡提出了一个观点，并且它让我如鲠在喉。
tr	I	An image was placed in Franklin 's mind and the Guardian 's eyes were filled with light .
tr	O	他没有告诉我们太多关于我们将要进行的旅程，并且我们没有意识到我们会露营。
tr	O	她激发了我内心的捣蛋鬼，并且我激发了她更多的捣蛋劲。
tr	O	她感觉到了他的存在，但是他不在视线之内。
tr	O	她从座位上站起来，并且道格跟了上去。
tr	O	我需要取得进展，并且我需要再生氧气。
tr	I	Sierra laughed when she thought he might just take off her sweater and his hands started to reach for her .
tr	O	有一瞬间他的嘴巴似乎完全消失了，并且她做好了迎接正义男人的愤怒爆发的准备。
tr	O	他问过我的家人，并且我正打算告诉他。
tr	O	她身高五英尺十英寸，所以她对于一个女人来说不算矮，但是他让她感觉娇小。
tr	O	我翻了个白眼并从他身边退开，接着走向窗户。
tr	I	She went through it on a regular basis and this was one of Antonia 's favorite museums .
tr	I	She had to see how it fit her , but Rhona may hate the nickname Babysitter .
tr	O	这次，蔡斯的嗓音不柔和，并且不温和。
tr	I	Derek dared to peek his head inside and we walked over .
tr	O	我甚至没注意到那个走在人行道上的中年男子，并且现在他正盯着我，眼中充满了怀疑。
tr	O	我全身僵硬，并且那些红色警报器重新亮起，告诉我应该阻止他。
tr	O	麦克斯立刻松开了她，他试图迅速移向一侧，但是沼泽阻碍了他的行动。
tr	O	他撞击了我的胃部，并且我花了六周时间才从侵入我体内的有毒液体中恢复过来。
tr	O	他紧紧地抱着曼迪两天了，并且他的大腿尤其是在她突然移动时会摩擦到她的皮肤。
tr	O	她不想无礼，但是她想不出其他的话。
tr	O	兴奋涌上她的心头，并且她闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	一切看起来都很正常，但是有些不对劲。
tr	O	相机在我身后闪烁，但是我没有回头，一边沿着长长的走廊走去，一边跟着指示牌。
tr	O	他关上我的门，并且我们俩站在那里，手牵着手，默默地凝视着。
tr	I	I didn 't sense any elemental magic emanating from it , and No smells either .
tr	O	她的一部分想报告丹尼所看到的一切，但是她因为自己的粗心大意而感到太尴尬了。
tr	O	奥利弗做了，否则他早就死了。
tr	O	我们曾缠绵相拥度过许多夜晚，但是也有另外二十个人和我们在一起。
tr	I	He was gone and I spun around .
tr	O	他就在这里，和吸血鬼在同一个房间里，而且他所有的装备都在外面，在他的车后备箱里。
tr	I	No words came out , but Jake opened his mouth to respond .
tr	I	Would stop threatening to send him into the Young Army as an Expendable and surely then his Master would forget all his past failures .
tr	I	He began to listen himself , and then he saw that Frost was listening .
tr	I	The harsh reality would come soon enough , but she 'd love to live in this fantasy world where everything was perfect .
tr	O	他正在说我以前想从他那里听到的一切，但是现在这感觉就像一个残酷的笑话。
tr	I	It emitted an unearthly howl as it writhed on the roadway , and his left rear tire rolled over one of the things .
tr	O	它慢慢停了下来，并且安德顿站了起来。
tr	O	一切都还湿漉漉的，但是太阳现在正照耀着。
tr	O	我觉得很尴尬不敢看，但是我无法移开视线。
tr	O	决定已经作出，并且争吵也改变不了任何事。
tr	I	Talking amongst themselves , and * * I watched as the two men worked feverishly , sorting through the Scrolls ' databases , jotting down notes .
tr	I	Charlotte didn 't want to miss a second of it , and Pastor Flemming would invoke God 's blessings on this enterprise .
tr	I	She frowns and I smile .
tr	I	She wanted to cry in frustration , and he stopped .
tr	O	她的胃部一阵翻腾，并且她叹了口气。
tr	O	我们需要知道这些事情为何发生，并且你可能拥有能帮助我们的宝贵线索。
tr	I	I looked for one of the types of car which I knew were easy to break into and my training from M.I. 6 cut in .
tr	I	The words escaped anyway , but it wasn 't what he 'd planned to say .
tr	O	我把刀刃举到攻击位置，并且刀柄上的一只紫色眼睛猛地睁开了。
tr	O	他的眼中充满了痛苦，并且深邃的阴影潜伏着，让他的目光显得阴森。
tr	O	它彻底失败了，并且我认为凯勒觉得他的名誉因这次短暂的合作受到了玷污。
tr	O	奥利维亚提高了曼迪的出价，并且竞价战已经开始了。
tr	I	They should be here within the hour , but they haven 't reached our building yet .
tr	I	Instead of illuminating Cale , it just sent dark shadows chasing across the room , but the lamp flickered on beside him .
tr	I	The side effects still lingered but Genie had removed the poison from their bodies .
tr	I	He plants both hands behind me on the desk , trapping me between his arms , but I shrink into my chair to try to escape .
tr	I	The child clung like a barnacle , but she tried to put Lulu down .
tr	I	I can 't control it , yet the last thought is so selfish .
tr	O	埃迪回以微笑，并且我看到了他们之间真挚的友情。
tr	I	I don 't think he will , but strong enough to hurt me .
tr	O	我本可以把他从他现在的样子中拯救出来，但是我没有。
tr	I	She pulled free , but he lifted his hands to her shoulders .
tr	O	厚厚的地毯覆盖着地板，并且墙纸柔化了墙壁。
tr	O	我伸手去抓他，但是他抽开了手。
tr	I	I mean anything , and they eat anything .
tr	I	Be merry tonight ... and let us eat , drink !
tr	I	We THANK YOU from the bottoms of our hearts , and you really came out for Yesterday 's Gone .
tr	I	Neither of them ride , but Joe loves his boys .
tr	I	A shiver slid over Olivia , and he seemed to surround her .
tr	O	当他们和所有那些调戏她的男人一起在俱乐部里时，那是一个不同的情况，并且他可以表现出大男子气概。
tr	I	He continued and I nodded .
tr	I	There was a click as the door unlocked and the Captain pressed a card to his name .
tr	O	桑迪把哈丽特搂在怀里，并且他们跳了一支激昂的乡村舞。
tr	I	Her mouth was cottony , and her left hand shook even as she pressed it to her chest .
tr	O	这会使这个过程少很多麻烦，而且我们又不是没有共同的品味。
tr	O	玛拉的话语渐渐消失，并且乔妮屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	This will give me a good excuse to go out there , and I 'm overdue for a visit to some of our West Coast facilities anyway .
tr	I	The gremlin cackled , tossing the sword down , and Kenzie gasped .
tr	I	It had too many heads , but the something else looked almost snake-like .
tr	O	达拉斯不在客厅里，但是我必须找到她。
tr	I	Together we raced through the underbrush to catch up with the twins , and I gave James one more good glare .
tr	O	他告诉过她，他的生活不允许养宠物，并且她漫不经心地对此不以为意，认为他只是在反抗。
tr	O	托尼的手被擦伤了，并且我们其他人则回击了数百发子弹。
tr	I	She just managed to keep hold of it , but Henrietta almost lost her grip on her wand .
tr	I	She was glad the boy couldn 't really remember much , but Kara still didn 't know if she 'd died before Timmy went into a coma .
tr	I	Both faces were beautiful , and both heads were blond .
tr	I	He soared across the gate , and his chariot shot through the portal .
tr	O	另一个人跟着他进入了我们的套房，并且我们尴尬地站了一会儿，然后特里斯坦才开口说话。
tr	O	莉莉丝来过几次，但是她没有靠近我们任何人。
tr	O	他把手电筒绑在坡道底部的绳子上，并且几秒钟后亚历克斯就头朝下地出现了。
tr	O	尽管很悲伤，但我有点喜欢捉弄他，并且我想他也是。
tr	O	她认识你妈妈，并且她非常喜欢她。
tr	I	No one loved her , and she loved no one .
tr	O	好的，这很悲伤，但是朱丽叶不该有这样的反应。
tr	I	She sipped , but she grimaced .
tr	O	现在他浓密的胡子会使他几乎无法辨认，并且我几乎可以肯定他做过鼻子整形手术。
tr	O	他伸出手，但是在他能说出另一个字之前，斧头就落了下来。
tr	O	超出他的希望，她回到了他身边，在他坐在黑暗中的地方，并且很久以前在隐秘王国她将手放在了他的手里。
tr	O	当他说话时，眼睛眯了起来，并且黑色的瞳孔凶猛地发光。
tr	I	You chose to take the day to help me but you could be doing anything else .
tr	O	我抱起诺亚，并且我们跟着莫莉下去了。
tr	O	我打开了门，并且一个人也没有。
tr	I	My stomach hurt with anxiety and it made my lungs tighten .
tr	I	Some people might think that 's odd , and I read Stephen King .
tr	I	My flight just arrived an hour ago and I was called away unexpectedly on business .
tr	O	他脸上布满了斑点，但是他看起来比我预期的要好。
tr	O	罗伯特没有跟踪我到任何地方，并且我开始变得怀疑了。
tr	I	A moment later Eben slammed into the field , dropping his sword , and the ground approached rapidly .
tr	I	To get lost in the crowd , and all I wanted was a stiff drink , perhaps an illicit cigarette .
tr	I	She was as fierce as ever and five minutes back on her skates .
tr	O	我知道他是你的主管，并且我猜你对他相当了解。
tr	O	我等着凯登站起来，但是他却一动不动，甚至懒得用手臂遮住脸。
tr	I	That was nothing compared to being given the cold shoulder but * He 'd thought the three hour flight was torture .
tr	O	争取父母的认可是另一回事，并且在他十四岁之后，拉夫断然拒绝这样做。
tr	I	The intensity of his need was so great that his hands were shaking , but he wanted to touch her .
tr	O	我一无所知，但是这说得通。
tr	O	我跳入混战中，并且当我这样做时，爱丽儿——十二岁的战士——前来帮助他。
tr	O	他试图挤过她，但是她伸出手，抓住他的手臂阻止他离开。
tr	O	我开始反对，但是他打断了我。
tr	I	I was going to read for fun , and I was going to pick up an effin ' book .
tr	I	The hope fizzled out of me and it had no effect on her .
tr	O	她主动提出要去，并且他却说不。
tr	O	他们让我尝试教他，但是他们还没有发展。
tr	I	She couldn 't , but she wanted to believe it .
tr	I	Miles ground his teeth , and there was a sudden acrid , burnt odor in the air .
tr	I	He was there first , but I have the same right to be with you .
tr	O	女王厉声下达命令，并且她的随从离开了房间。
tr	I	I think it 's time we revisit that conversation , but Wes asked me not to tell .
tr	O	他的精神似乎崩溃了，并且他对一个名叫红女士的人的忠诚是绝对的。
tr	I	I can 't make myself go to Gary , but I definitely could use one of my anxiety meds .
tr	O	我内心深处有什么东西崩溃了，并且我告诉了他一切。
tr	I	I kissed her on the forehead , and I know that made her feel good because she smiled at me .
tr	I	The scent of blood lingered in the air , but the dead guards had been taken away .
tr	I	His deep voice rang hollow , and his face was set .
tr	O	这里的天花板向上倾斜，并且岩层像石灰岩幕布一样垂下。
tr	O	铰链又嘎吱作响，并且锻铁大门自动地猛地关上了。
tr	I	He gave her another hug as she stood up , and of course he did .
tr	O	我散步前没换鞋，而且现在我起了几个水泡。
tr	O	他又眨了眨眼，并且他的视线清晰了。
tr	O	“放松点，”他低声说，但是我又僵硬了，只看到他的獠牙就吓坏了。
tr	I	Plates were filled with food , and a few of the women had begun cooking sometime before dawn .
tr	O	通常道格必须独自处理船帆，但是今天他有几双能干的手来帮忙。
tr	O	我看了托利弗一眼，并且他点了点头，表示理解。
tr	O	团队静静地看着教堂门打开，一个吸血鬼走到了前台阶上。
tr	I	I was sure he was thinking about her , but I wasn 't sure .
tr	O	它透了过来，并且我忍不住赞叹它。
tr	I	It had worn both of us out and Jessica 's trial had been last month .
tr	I	It was far from warm , but the cabin wasn 't icy .
tr	I	She glanced down as if seeking confirmation herself and CHAPTER 22 GRACE 'S eyes widened once more .
tr	O	艾莉的眼睛睁大了，并且她看了一眼门。
tr	I	She 's on top of me and I was lying on the car 's floor .
tr	O	她想知道他仅仅为了生存就必须面对的无尽挣扎，并且突然间她自己的生活显得宏伟起来。
tr	O	我不能动也不能说话。
tr	O	他的妻子已经提出离婚，并且他失控了。
tr	O	没有我妈妈的陪同我不能去看她，而且我们几乎不可能在她旁边和她说话。
tr	O	她嫁给了一个狼人，而且他们有三个男孩。
tr	O	我决定不再多说什么，并且暗自责骂自己没有在说完第一个字后就停下来让她说点什么。
tr	I	He struggled to hold back his release , and tremors shook her far longer than he thought possible .
tr	O	我从未进入过库萨酒行，但是它和阿拉斯加描述的一样荒凉。
tr	O	那是私事，而且他想帮助保持那样。
tr	O	泪水那时开始流淌，但是他看不到它们。
tr	I	Karl must be detained until further notice , and I will authorise a psychiatrist appointment immediately .
tr	I	He tilted his head in question and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	He 's trapped in this fevered nightmare , but he wants to move toward her .
tr	O	他在提问，但是他并不是真的在问。
tr	O	我往后退，并且他阻止了我。
tr	I	I was already neck deep in this , but she may not have wanted to help Lux .
tr	O	他会把他的爱给她，并且他绝不会再给她任何理由让她再次怀疑。
tr	O	我们还得再走几英里才能到渡口，并且之后我们大约15分钟就能回到普拉茨堡。
tr	O	我冲她大喊，但是我却发不出声音。
tr	O	达妮卡知道她想念她的朋友，但是她直到现在才意识到有多么想念。
tr	I	He got caught speeding on Interstate 81 just outside of Roanoke , and the kid was mule running .
tr	O	她耸了耸肩，并且那个小动作让她在他的腿上又挪动了一下。
tr	I	Every time he looked at her he wanted to cry , but he thought he was abandoning his friendship with Jenny to benefit both of them .
tr	O	护士们称之为休克，但是我*知道*那并非如此。
tr	O	我迅速转过身，但是却没有什么异常。
tr	I	I called for a taxi , and we found a pay phone .
tr	I	He was starting to think that perhaps a rib had been broken , but he wasn 't bleeding much .
tr	I	The soreness was there to remind her where this could all lead , but her body felt better .
tr	O	他脸上是空白的表情，并且我有强烈的冲动想要以某种方式安抚他。
tr	I	She would take this hard , and they were still good friends .
tr	O	他没有，但是他的眼睛却眯了起来。
tr	O	他已经硬了，并且她亲身体验过他是一个多么能干的情人。
tr	I	I heard only the sound of the water , but I listened for his footsteps to move in a direction .
tr	O	他试图让我站起来，但是我的双腿却无力地垂在身下。
tr	O	那将达成的结果是他们将无助，并且之后他们就会死去。
tr	I	You know him well , and his name is Boredom .
tr	I	The Bell accelerated to its maximum speed , and the timbre of the engines climbed .
tr	O	它打碎了我手腕上的链条，并且最终我自由了。
tr	I	Lloyd was right they were moving inward , narrowing in on a point further ahead , but they were a good two hundred yards away .
tr	I	She knew what he 'd say before he uttered a word , and she saw tears in his eyes .
tr	O	她心里命令着，但是她却做不到。
tr	I	She assured me I could handle it , but I told Lucy I didn 't have the experience .
tr	I	The youngest steward beckoned me to follow them and the women turned around in unison .
tr	O	我以前从未想过这个问题，直到今天，但是毕肖普是对的，他们知道。
tr	I	It 's clear that she 's been crying and Lila climbs out of the car .
tr	O	我回头看，并且文森特没有追我们。
tr	O	他教她跳了几种足以应对任何乡村舞会的舞蹈，并且莫妮卡因为玩得开心而笑了起来。
tr	O	他已经厌倦了否认，并且他准备好继续前进了。
tr	O	我听过很多关于你枪法的传闻，但是我从未听过一句关于你的坏话。
tr	I	There was little else holding her together , and her arms were open to the bone .
tr	I	Without moving , he was somehow closer than he 'd been a second ago and his eyes darkened .
tr	I	My heart hurt as if a blade really had pierced it , and I was wet with sweat .
tr	I	His legs buckled , but I tried to prop him up .
tr	O	一直压在我心头的所有事情都爆发了出来，并且我伏在他的胸前哭泣。
tr	O	他眨了眨眼，不知道该对此说什么，并且我看到水珠依然挂在他的睫毛上。
tr	I	It didn 't reach his eyes , but he smiled at me .
tr	I	My insides felt warm , and I smiled at him .
tr	O	她试图让自己的声音听起来不屈，但是她因为太过害怕，声音听起来除了歇斯底里别无他样。
tr	O	汉娜回头看，并且她看起来几乎吓坏了。
tr	I	Ran came forward to cut the bags open and the Governor gestured to his henchmen .
tr	O	建模真的不适合我，并且我很快就对它失去了兴趣。
tr	I	We could be related to any number of them , and there were billions of people in the world .
tr	O	我把妈妈抱得更紧了，并且她闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	我一直穿着这件背心，但是我从来没有故意去戏弄哪个男生。
tr	I	She missed her mom , but she never thought she 'd feel this .
tr	O	我猛地拉过他的手臂，挣脱了我的剑，并且然后将它刺入他的侧腹。
tr	O	我刚刚接受耶稣为我的救主，并且这就像戴恩描述的那样。
tr	O	杰克逊点了点头，但是他看起来仍然很紧张。
tr	O	我向小组解释了我的理论，并且他们都持有相同的想法。
tr	I	The path of right will have been nearly forgotten , and Power , in this time , will mean everything .
tr	I	He kept one hand on his knife , and stalker lay nearby , almost as if watching over me .
tr	I	I wouldn 't let him come , but that creature wanted to come again .
tr	O	她会有她的支持者，但是她也会有她的批评者，那些对强奸过她的男人依然顽固忠诚的人。
tr	I	She sputtered , trying to figure out what to say and Kelly felt her cheeks burn red .
tr	O	他们在冬至舞会上的冲突在我脑海中闪现，并且我不想破坏基兰的派对。
tr	I	Now , suddenly , even the way forward seemed impossible , but there had never been any turning back .
tr	O	观察我们的眼睛是隐形的，但是它们却仍在观察我们。
tr	O	他转过身，并且触手将他击倒了。
tr	I	He was also enjoying irritating Dean , but he might have wanted a sandwich .
tr	O	我是佩里·开尔文，并且这是我活着的最后一天。
tr	I	His lips capture mine , and he leans in .
tr	O	我激动地冲向窗户，但是接着另一只恶魔发现了我。
tr	I	She took it , and her eyes flickered down at her shot .
tr	O	那些特工可能已经把那个地方盯死了，而且他们是他最不想再见到的人。
tr	I	He was a huge motherfucker , and he wasn 't going to take this lying down .
tr	I	I haven 't attended any parties and I have kept my grades up .
tr	I	She lifted her head from his chest , allowing him to move over top of her and he shifted .
tr	O	她问卡斯是否要一杯，但是他拒绝了。
tr	I	I clumsily brushed it away , and something was on my face .
tr	O	他松开我的嘴时，我的头还在眩晕，并且我大口地喘着粗气。
tr	I	We resumed out relationship , and Brad forgave me , though .
tr	O	她想和瑞安单独相处，并且他夺走了她独处的时间。
tr	I	It can 't be good , but I can 't imagine what he 's thinking .
tr	O	他继续查看渔网，并且那个小伙子没有反对。
tr	I	His blood felt thick and Cameron 's heart pounded .
tr	O	他仍然不知道她是什么意思，并且她的脸上几乎没有表露什么。
tr	O	拉斯蒂的声音里带着一丝温暖，并且多诺万不得不佩服她。
tr	I	Dr. Williams had given her a look , but it wasn 't the first time she 'd come home sore .
tr	I	Together they collapsed back into bed , and he towel dried her first , finished up after .
tr	O	我父亲快要死了，并且我知道这一点。
tr	I	He hadn 't turned on a light in the room , and he was concealed behind the curtains .
tr	O	一只鸟在头顶扇动着翅膀，并且门开之前凯瑟琳向后踉跄了一步。
tr	I	Juliette knew better , but he picked up a lock of her hair , twisting a long strand around his fingertip , seemingly distracted .
tr	O	当她带路走向后门时，她的笑容却渐渐消失了，并且她突然想到，他真的太完美了。
tr	O	我知道，但是如果它不起作用，那么我将不得不杀了他。
tr	I	Then I see the glint of gold , but at first I 'm afraid they 're gone .
tr	I	I knew he 'd be there and I hadn 't heard from Joseph since the phone call .
tr	I	That moment was the first time I 'd experienced it firsthand , but I 'd lived for thousands of years .
tr	O	我摸了她的脸，并且她闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	他打开了它，并且一张图书馆收据掉了出来。
tr	O	我看着的时候胃部一阵紧缩，并且我突然绝望地想念我的母亲。
tr	I	Jax grabbed her upper arms , sitting her back on his lap but she tried to stand .
tr	I	I 'll follow up with Leo , but not sure why the GPS didn 't get picked up .
tr	O	豪威尔和他的妻子同龄，但是他没有那么努力地去掩饰它。
tr	O	我曾试图打电话给他家，但是他爸爸说杰克睡着了。
tr	I	They weren 't climbing anymore , but there was the light , twenty feet away .
tr	O	办公室很快被粗大的树根填满了，并且如果他不快点出去，他就会被压碎。
tr	O	所有那些习惯现在都会带来回报，并且他将有幸看到他们唯一剩余的威胁被终结。
tr	O	然后她的脸变得模糊不清，并且在我开口说话之前，一切都陷入了黑暗。
tr	I	We board , and the doors slide open with a hiss .
tr	O	她无法忍受离开他的念头，而且那让她简直愚蠢透顶。
tr	O	我想读更多她日记里的条目，但是我还没来得及就睡着了。
tr	I	Angry , and stunned .
tr	I	It was more than enough to cause tremendous damage , but Payton tried to take the punch because the Spear Strike wasn 't completely thrown .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to .
tr	I	She kind of scared me and she was pissed .
tr	O	谢天谢地他把重物收起来了，或者他会把它们掉到自己脚上。
tr	O	他试图说话，但是没有声音发出来。
tr	I	I know what that means and her eyes are turning glassy .
tr	I	A tear came to her eye , and she pictured Dean as she had first seen him , labouring in her father 's garden .
tr	I	I hadn 't stopped to give any thought to her lack of recent sexual activity , but Sienna always had a healthy sexual appetite .
tr	O	我的手从我的肚子回到她的毛皮上，并且我抚摸着。
tr	O	有力的大手抓住我的肩膀，并且我发现自己被压在纳森的胸膛上，他的双臂紧紧地抱住我。
tr	I	There was a general belief that he was holding something back , but a constable had already asked him for his statement .
tr	I	She continued to talk with my grandma and I handed the phone to my mom .
tr	O	我摔倒在地，但是他没有松懈。
tr	I	He doesn 't realize I can see him , and he 's standing outside my door .
tr	I	She was all too aware of him , but Byron moved in his usual silent way .
tr	O	你认识他，但是你记不起来。
tr	O	我只有我的刀，并且我在慢慢爬向那些声音时拔出了它。
tr	O	我的消极情绪扼杀着我的希望，并且雨像一场悲剧般落下。
tr	O	比赛开始时，亚当谨慎地打出了第一手牌，但是托尼却很激进。
tr	O	大部分时间他都弓着背，试图让自己看起来矮几英寸，并且他变得安静了。
tr	O	我对他咧嘴一笑，但是我的脸很痛。
tr	O	他问，并且我说出了从我第一次见到达米安那一刻起就一直在我心里的那些话。
tr	O	她呻吟着，并且我知道她何时进入状态的确切时刻。
tr	O	我带过它一次，并且它可能救了我的命。
tr	I	I couldn 't remember how I got home and the drive home was a blur .
tr	O	迈克尔说你甚至不敢看他，但是显然，你并没有因为迪恩父亲所做的事而责怪他。
tr	I	The smell of blood was in the air , but we saw no guards to speak of .
tr	O	我不知道我当时在模仿谁，但是听起来都不错，所以我顺着来了。
tr	I	He could think of far worse things he could 've been doing but he hadn 't planned on starting his day out ravishing her .
tr	I	I knew that it was only a matter of time before I was no longer useful , but they were never cruel .
tr	I	He would be if he was allowed the right of his rank , or he was an alpha wolf .
tr	O	他从来都不是一个信徒，但是有一瞬间，他以为自己是往下而不是往上走了。
tr	O	萨凡纳起身，试图整理衣服，但是科尔把她按住了。
tr	I	I knew that was just a wasted effort , but sometimes I wished things had turned out differently .
tr	I	The earbuds are just for show and it doesn 't play any music .
tr	O	我们的空闲时间结束了，并且所有人都被送回了各自的宿舍。
tr	O	我的影子笼罩在他们身上，并且双胞胎齐声向我打招呼。
tr	O	她的头痛只增不减，但是当她到达顶部时，她忘记了疲劳，忘记了疼痛。
tr	I	I gripped it tightly until it burned and the orb I reclaimed in my hand became hotter .
tr	O	不，事情远不止如此，但是她拼了命也想不明白是什么。
tr	I	At least he 'd gotten Nick to go to Angel , but he hadn 't needed his brother 's nudge to get him to go after her .
tr	O	我的脚步很轻，并且尽管我抱着婴儿，也未被察觉地移动着。
tr	I	I am really going to miss him and dane is like a brother to me .
tr	O	斯嘉丽预料他们的鞋声会在空旷的地方回荡，但是那里只有一片寂静。
tr	O	我只听说过几起虎鲸袭击事件，并且我从未听说过有虎鲸拿着枪。
tr	I	He had great taste in music , and he seemed like a decent guy .
tr	I	He saw how wrinkled it was and his thumb ran over her knuckle .
tr	I	He understood that , and she had to find her sister .
tr	I	She is literally losing her shit , and her dress was trashed on the trip over here .
tr	I	I blinked back tears of sympathy , and it hurt to see him suffering .
tr	O	他轻易的同意让她感到惊讶，并且她更仔细地打量了他。
tr	I	I drove alone back to New Orleans , and Elise ran into the house with them .
tr	I	His iron wrench broke with the impact , but he tried to parry the next attack .
tr	I	I felt my insides melt as I thought about her , and an image of Maddie 's sweet smile flashed in my mind .
tr	O	妮娜猛地抬起头，并且泪水在她那双灰色的眼睛里闪烁。
tr	I	It wasn 't going to get any easier , and her presence here was certainly problematic .
tr	O	她只想逃跑，但是她的心跳得如此剧烈，她僵立着。
tr	I	She had felt like she still had plenty of time to start her family , but sure she was looking forward to getting married .
tr	I	The coffee will be brewing and I 'll have breakfast waiting for you .
tr	O	他们是凶猛的哥布林战士，但是他们的一部分不是。
tr	I	It made my heart sink all the same , but it was a breathtaking sight .
tr	I	She gave it a squeeze before giving me an apologetic smile , and Ula held my hand .
tr	I	It was different when you had the charge of them , but we 'd lost a lot of good men in the summer patrols as well .
tr	O	妈妈当然想聊天，并且迪伊迅速地把手机递了过去。
tr	O	他不知道自己为什么会被她如此打动，但是那力量很强大。
tr	I	Her support softened his features , and Julia laid her hand over his .
tr	I	We said our goodbyes , and I shooed them along .
tr	O	正式地，我们称之为化装舞会，但是我称之为《大开眼戒》派对。
tr	I	He didn 't need to be more attractive , but the time in the sun had been good for him , bronzing his skin until it glowed .
tr	O	我保持沉默，与他对视并且我们陷入了对峙。
tr	O	那也起不了多大作用，但是至少让我感觉好受了。
tr	O	妮基曾提出抗议，但是凯文还是把她从诊所送回了家。
tr	I	He pulsed hard within her , nearly setting off her own answering explosion and she slid back down on to him .
tr	I	I suppose it could have been worse , but well , my first day hadn 't been great .
tr	I	His jaw dropped and his eyes widened .
tr	O	我们已经签署了一份交换声明，并且我们必须敦促你配合我们的计划。
tr	I	They still have murder in their hearts , but we 've beaten them back a little .
tr	O	我永远无法原谅自己，因为我曾答应安东保护她，但是从未能履行我的职责。
tr	O	一种奇怪的倦怠感袭上她心头，但是她离睡着却一点也不近。
tr	O	他收回了手臂，但是只有一截带着黏液的黑色残肢设法从盾牌中逃脱。
tr	O	她总是知道对别人说什么，并且她无论如何都能让你笑。
tr	O	一个计划正在进行中，并且许多生命危在旦夕。
tr	O	莉娜不知道自己躺了多久，但是她在一滩自己的眼泪中醒来。
tr	I	The rapids below offer a great fishing ground and animals scent their territory around here .
tr	I	Claire took it , and Matt put up his hand .
tr	I	He figured Sam could handle the situation , but Judson felt a little sorry for him .
tr	I	Max had been more revealing , but she was keeping her secrets .
tr	O	拉吉早上给我打了电话，并且我们像往常一样随意聊了聊。
tr	I	It sounded happier to me today than it had in a long time , but the office was the usual buzz of morning business .
tr	I	You 're obviously upset and that was a serious call .
tr	I	Blood roared through her ears , and she froze at the nickname .
tr	I	She heard it fall to the floor , and he pushed her jacket from her shoulders .
tr	I	He loved her and she was his .
tr	O	那些四分之一的孩子不是，并且这有时会引起问题。
tr	I	Financial ease had ceased to be a goal to her , but she wasn 't poor .
tr	O	一场雷暴正从西方滚滚而来，并且我能看到远处有闪电在闪烁。
tr	I	Laughed at something I missed , and she stared at the screen , the previews now starting .
tr	I	I planned to bury myself in a secluded spot in the library and I went back to our room to get my books .
tr	O	他冲刺得更快了，并且她的背部弓了起来。
tr	I	He was six feet tall , and the top of her head came almost to his jaw .
tr	O	她的双臂交叉着，并且她正怒视着他。
tr	I	Mana seemed entirely at her ease , but the sound echoed through the room .
tr	I	I pull it out of that dark passage , but my mind shudders .
tr	O	他曾要求她不要遮掩自己的身体，并且那是她首先想要做的事情。
tr	I	The only way the creek wasn 't going to be a problem was to unplug the thing , and the biggest problem was the creek .
tr	O	脑海中闪过他可能会指出她真正想要什么的念头，但是这可能有些越界了。
tr	O	找到他们会很好，但是如果我们找不到，我在这里和他在一起也很好。
tr	I	I was a fool to even think along those lines , and there was no magic here .
tr	I	The machines showed that , and my pulse rate was up .
tr	O	船员们以三倍的速度完成了这些步骤，并且大炮被点燃了。
tr	I	I didn 't understand why David wasn 't upset when Gill took his girl -- and I was sure that Susan was being sarcastic .
tr	I	They were talking rather than arguing , and he had Lauren in his arms .
tr	O	妮可的声音如此轻柔，我几乎听不见她说话，并且细长的泪痕蜿蜒而下，流过她的脸庞，因为她想起了她死去的朋友。
tr	O	也许这不完全是建议，但是他的话语却引导我采取了行动。
tr	I	Joshua wiped them away and the final tears passed .
tr	O	我不知道他到底在玩什么把戏，但是我知道这对他的结局不会好。
tr	O	他个子不矮，并且他看起来没比她大多少。
tr	I	It wasn 't like she was in love with him either , and she couldn 't expect him to be in love with her .
tr	I	We have to act fast , but I 've slowed the bleeding .
tr	I	Boy I 'll be a soldier of the righteous truth , and you give me a compass that tells good from bad .
tr	O	食堂里熙熙攘攘，并且人影攒动。
tr	I	I couldn 't place it at the moment , but his was face was vaguely familiar .
tr	O	我们不参赛，但是他必须到场监督比赛。
tr	O	他的嘴角微微上扬，但是他仍然什么也没说。
tr	O	我又慢慢睁开眼睛，但是我感到很失望。
tr	I	I can tell he doesn 't want to answer , and he kicks at the bottom of the fence .
tr	I	They never provided an explanation , and what they thought was right .
tr	O	他的话语在我耳边回响，然而我的心却同意他的看法。
tr	I	Phillip made them stand , but the other quickly followed .
tr	O	孩子们喜欢拥有他们自己的小房子玩耍，并且它专供他们使用。
tr	I	Let me tell you , she should write a book on it , and the car drive over was filled with Aunt Lulu 's shopping advice .
tr	O	至今没有任何关于任何需求的消息，并且这让我认为你可能不会收到。
tr	O	酒精下肚，并且酒劲传遍全身。
tr	O	我倒在床垫上，并且勉强脱下靴子就陷入沉睡。
tr	I	He could confide in her , and she kept him company on the trail .
tr	I	One was instantly thrown from the saddle , a pistol crack sounding nearby , but two horsemen spurred their mounts towards me .
tr	O	她拉下遮阳板，并且一串钥匙掉进了她的腿上。
tr	I	The opportunity never arose again , but he 'd sincerely meant to tell Carrie about his relationship with Natalie .
tr	O	我再也没有梦到他了，而且妈妈也从没提起他。
tr	I	His lack of scorn regarding her ideas , and he pleased her with his ready comprehension .
tr	I	The Habsburgs are fighting to get one of their own crowned again , and the Holy Roman Empire has been torn apart since King Albrecht died .
tr	I	They were nowhere to be seen , but I looked around for some of the usually ubiquitous cops .
tr	O	他仍然赤身裸体，但是现在他肩上缠绕着一截绳子。
tr	I	She worries about me , and she is dying .
tr	I	He covered it up with another broad smile / jaunty wave combo , but the floor gave slightly bringing a touch of giddiness to his circuits .
tr	I	She couldn 't afford to let herself freak out , and they weren 't out of here yet .
tr	O	当它没有消失时，她迅速瞥了一眼查理的肩膀上方，但是什么异样也没有发现。
tr	O	我在莱桑德身边停留得有点太久了，而且我感觉到他正从眼角偷瞄我。
tr	O	她在利用我，并且我在利用她。
tr	O	她把手给了他，并且他们穿过人群走向大厅前部。
tr	O	当他摆脱那个念头时，他的思绪转向了他的兄弟，并且他呻吟着翻过身去查看泰的情况。
tr	O	当然，她不像他平时交往的女人那样身材丰满，但是她也没那么糟糕。
tr	I	She was still more pale than when Rico had first seen her in the village and her forehead beaded sweat .
tr	I	Their blood will be on my hands , but you will slaughter them .
tr	I	She didn 't want to know , and she had no idea what all these things added up to .
tr	O	他为此感到痛苦让我也很痛苦，但是还没有到足以改变它的程度。
tr	I	Steven had never understood the attraction , and Carolyn had been totally dependent on Andrew .
tr	O	我不得不让他开车，你知道，因为我在施展我的键盘魔法，但是我们觉得你需要一些帮助。
tr	I	There still was no answer but I pushed the doorbell one more time .
tr	O	我把头靠在他的胸膛上，并且他紧紧地抱住我。
tr	O	她的眼睛已经在我身上了，并且她同意詹姆斯的看法点点头。
tr	I	They 're doing so many things around here I cared not to look anymore , and they changed the sets , the models .
tr	O	当波音飞机起飞时，他的紧张似乎从他的肩膀上漂浮起来，并且他开始放松。
tr	I	There was even a gleam of amusement in his silvery gray eyes , and Relief flooded her when she saw that he no longer looked devastated .
tr	I	Jason collapsed on the road , face first and they got about half way to the truck .
tr	O	我曾经爱上过他，并且我现在已经快要爱上了。
tr	I	She was on my good side , but I didn 't like it when she talked down to me like that .
tr	I	When I get there , a woman looks up at me , but I walk there slowly , still somehow waiting to wake up .
tr	I	Even so , the siege failed , but the tall walls suffered significant damage .
tr	O	一整天下来，他们用空罐子把卡拉的垃圾桶堆满了，然而他们喝得更多。
tr	I	Claire stopped short just a few inches away , and she put out a hand , palm out .
tr	O	我的膝盖互相撞击，弯曲了，并且我脸朝下摔倒了。
tr	O	有些问题只有她能做决定，并且她需要几天时间来审查它们。
tr	I	Being silent on an argument meant you agreed with it , and he was an experienced debater .
tr	O	当他感受到她的默许时，他的吻变得更加执着，并且他将她的柔软按向自己，将她的身体塑造成他的。
tr	O	我担心我的经验不足会如此明显地表现出来，并且我达不到洛根的标准。
tr	O	我的父亲曾尽力让我像其他人一样，但是他曾多次失败。
tr	I	Maddie ordered Seth to leave while his niece changed , and Brandy 's dress was hanging in the office .
tr	O	哈扎德比大多数孩子都大，但是骑蝙蝠对他来说仍然是一项新技能。
tr	O	格蕾丝把毯子拉到我们身上，并且我们在毯子下面把衣服踢掉了。
tr	O	练习开始占用我太多写作业的时间，并且妈妈态度坚决。
tr	O	也许他是对的，并且我应该出去吗？
tr	I	Gavin follows after him and Joel storms out .
tr	O	银钥匙让她进去了，并且她把门在身后锁上了。
tr	I	Being just a teacher , but as a Brother , the students were in awe ?
tr	O	我们通常会在公交车抵达中央校区时分头走，但是她在我们下车后却迟疑了。
tr	I	He squeezed , his smile so big that his face nearly split and Seth 's hand caressed a line up her leg to rest on her knee .
tr	O	马克的头猛地转过来，并且他的脸上露出了困惑的神情。
tr	O	他快80岁了，但是别人却觉得他年轻得多。
tr	I	I 'm still spinning , but the world has stopped .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and my voice was hard .
tr	I	His eyes looked hard but he wore a grin .
tr	I	We 'll have to cut this meeting short , but I 'm sorry , Ms. Garza .
tr	O	有几个人路过，但是她太害怕了，不敢问任何人。
tr	O	他失去了忧虑的表情，并且良好的幽默感取代了他的严肃。
tr	I	They gestured less I think , but they still had weapons with them .
tr	I	She jabs it into Alba 's ribs , and a spoon is gripped in her hand .
tr	O	对凡人有这么多方法可以做到，并且他会找到耗时最久的那一个。
tr	O	她的睫毛颤动着抬起，并且她的目光将他钉住。
tr	I	I sat on the edge of the bed , facing her , and Ellery laid herself down on her side .
tr	O	亚当的眼睛与我对视，他吓了一跳，有点困惑，好像他不知道我在说什么，并且我突然发火了。
tr	O	我的感情从小时候就在积累，但是那一年，他十六岁那年，是所有事情都改变的一年。
tr	I	We heard everything , but we closed our eyes .
tr	O	我把所有空闲时间都花在他身上，但是这显然对他来说不够。
tr	O	他操作的那些门上长满了玫瑰，并且这个想法的对称性吸引了他。
tr	O	她在我身上扭动，并且我感到我的身体有所反应。
tr	O	我们来到下一站，但是火车停了下来。
tr	O	我感觉自己像是在一部八十年代的砍杀电影里，并且我打开了床边的灯。
tr	O	他打开了前门，并且我们走进了房子。
tr	I	There was no getting away but I cried on another heave to get away .
tr	O	这次，当有人敲门时，我早有预料，但是我迟迟没有开门，颤抖传遍全身。
tr	I	I dug my nails into my palms , and the edges of my vision turned red .
tr	O	我尽量让声音听起来随意，但是我的手在我回应时紧张地抽搐着。
tr	O	我茫然地看着她，并且她接着笑了。
tr	I	I had to hold my breath to keep from making a noise , and his arm brushed my side .
tr	O	他本以为克制自己轻而易举，但是那并不容易。
tr	I	She doesn 't adjust well and this is a big change for her .
tr	O	他朝我歪了歪头，并且他的棕色眼睛变得异常严肃。
tr	O	我们当然会仍然是一个重要的国家，但是我们的影响力将大大减弱。
tr	O	文斯无法通过其他方式获得他渴望的英雄崇拜，或者他本不会重复他在爱荷华州犯下的罪行。
tr	I	I focused my flashlight in the direction of the sound , and I had everyone turn off their flashlights .
tr	O	所有的声音都显得沉闷，并且所有的颜色都显得单调。
tr	O	后门是开着的，并且安全警报失效了。
tr	I	Cora turned the TV back on and I lay back on the couch .
tr	O	一股抚慰的暖流渗透了我每一个细胞，并且我们不可分割的实体变得像漂浮在水上的花瓣一样轻盈。
tr	O	他离开了我两次，并且我从未试图阻止他做他认为正确的事情。
tr	O	我们已经闯入了他的巢穴，他的领地，而他正在自娱自乐，并且他很生气。
tr	O	我告诉妈妈我马上回来，并且她来到门口看艾薇儿。
tr	I	He stood up and Pablo 's face got irritated .
tr	I	Birds flew and clouds formed .
tr	O	他这次把手指放到唇边让她安静，并且她困惑地点了点头，在他悄悄走向门口时。
tr	O	我不知道如何，但是我已经停止低估她了。
tr	I	It did wonders for the worry I felt over her predicament , but it did little to ease the fury I felt inside .
tr	O	威尔顿把托马斯埋在了他北达科他州的地产上，并且许多狼人从河里搬来大石头盖住他的坟墓。
tr	O	我不认识你，并且我不信任你。
tr	I	She didn 't understand , and Cassie felt more embarrassed .
tr	O	霍莉嘲笑她是个强迫性清单制作者，但是这对凯特很有效。
tr	O	他们在中途相遇，并且米娅在他双臂环抱住她时瘫软了下来。
tr	I	She trusted him and Owen had always been fair to her .
tr	O	他蹲下来辨认底部附近褪色的文字，但是身后有东西移动的声音让他僵住了。
tr	I	I pay it no mind , but Pain ripples around his wrist .
tr	O	明天你可以和杰森一起离开，分享他的秘密，或者你可以离开去农场过平静的生活。
tr	O	我们都坐了起来，并且她看着我。
tr	I	The salty wind only adds to the performance , and the waves roll in behind the huge stage .
tr	I	She found herself smiling as well , and then she noticed the twinkle in his eye , the smile at the edges of his lips .
tr	O	他的沮丧跃然纸上，而且我能看出他已被难住了。
tr	O	听着，你已经说明了你的观点，并且我们都将相应地管理自己。
tr	O	她的嘴巴完全干了，并且她的呼吸变得短促。
tr	I	As long as she had their alpha 's protection , they couldn 't touch her , but sure , they might hate her kind .
tr	I	He forced himself to relax and Ashlyn released a breathy sigh .
tr	O	我是一个一丝不苟的计划者，并且当有人向我展示刚刚展示的那种东西时，我就会僵住。
tr	I	He was still unconscious and he was still too pale .
tr	O	我所能依靠的只有那本日记……一本疯子的日记，并且我只读到那份特定证据的一半。
tr	I	Then I had more than my usual share of unexpected visitors lately , but I wasn 't expecting anyone .
tr	O	我们一边聊着周末计划，他一边用毛巾擦干头发，并且我看着他穿着睡裤在房间里走来走去。
tr	I	Gil waved him off , but Avery began to approach .
tr	I	You 're still Victor Stone 's son and your father is still the one responsible for her father 's death .
tr	I	I lost sight of Grayson as I sped through the sprawling parking lot and it did .
tr	I	At once they rushed him and the leader called .
tr	I	His expression twisted , and she protested loudly .
tr	I	Sticking out of the car were two legs and the door was open .
tr	I	It was trying to warn them off and they 'd probably just stumbled too close to its babies .
tr	I	I heard it nevertheless , but Unspoken was the word together .
tr	I	All was to no avail , but she fought against the bondage of paralysis to grip again the mace that had slipped from her hand .
tr	I	They seemed to like me and I liked bananas .
tr	I	I didn 't have a face , a voice , but my mind was spinning in circles , trying to point a finger at someone .
tr	I	She didn 't like Andrew Reid 's slightly mocking smile , and she 'd no desire to get even further entangled in the Riddell family .
tr	I	He burst into laughter for the second time tonight , and his sense of humor finally won out .
tr	O	我让你走了却没有说再见，并且从那时起我一直恨自己。
tr	I	With some power , I pushed it , to be heard and I saw a ring bell button .
tr	O	他嘴角泛起一丝好奇的微笑，因为我正盯着他，但是我可以从他的步态看出他已经习惯了被人盯着看。
tr	I	Her slender arms suddenly tightened on him , and she turned her face against his chest .
tr	I	That 's better , at least with regard to the heat , and we 've been flying at night a lot .
tr	O	原来是只虫子，而且声音是它翅膀发出的。
tr	O	偶尔有人朝阿明扔几块炸洋葱，并且他用嘴接住了它们，开心地嚼着。
tr	I	He was right in front of her and she did what he said to her .
tr	O	我们已经分发了手电筒，但是似乎没有人明白该怎么使用它们。
tr	I	I need to figure this out , but I didn 't plan this .
tr	O	他俯身想再吻我一次，但是我躲开了，努力抵抗着顺从他的冲动。
tr	O	他强壮的手臂将她的腿甩过他的脸，并且他把她拉到自己身上。
tr	I	I needed to be alone , but I wasn 't sure where I wanted to go .
tr	I	Thomas found himself turned around , looking the other way , and it was hard to watch Dragons eating in this way .
tr	I	My body trembled as my legs shook on his face and his tongue entered me as he sucked on my clit .
tr	O	他阴沉的表情表明他准备否认自己所听到的，但是克莱尔在他有机会说话之前打断了他。
tr	I	John took it , shaking his head and he handed the pink band of material to his father .
tr	I	I got ta hoof it since it gets dark pretty early now , but Glad there 's no bugs .
tr	I	I know I can 't bear the pain if the ice melts away and your heat threatens to melt it all .
tr	I	The tree struck directly behind him , in Carrie 's path narrowly missing her car and he stepped on the gas , spinning his tires .
tr	O	夜晚仍主宰着天空，并且我责骂自己过早醒来，未能等到黎明的解脱。
tr	I	He plowed through the blows , but he could feel their impact on his face .
tr	I	The stars looked down on him , and the sky was clear .
tr	O	她内心深处有什么东西恳求她屈服于那种感觉，但是她用尽全身的意志力与之抗争。
tr	I	She desperately wanted to touch him , to feel his rough skin with her fingertips and his body had always fascinated her .
tr	I	When she spotted Jenn 's Honda Accord , she wasted no time , but it took a minute to find it .
tr	O	她仍然是一个困扰的女人，而且除了为她提供这所房子让她居住之外，他无能为力。
tr	I	I know most of you have never held a gun in your lives , and I know you 're scared .
tr	I	I felt as though I had gone three rounds in a heavyweight match , with me being the loser of the bout and my head was throbbing .
tr	I	The little boy happily retrieves a basket to help serve everyone , and he motions for Henry to help him .
tr	O	当他点头时，她笑了，并且这次他允许她亲吻。
tr	I	He said no of course , but after she left , a doctor asked Laurence if to let Montana in .
tr	I	The police were alerted and Jo was admitted for observation .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I was very aware that there were four other sets of eyes staring curiously in our direction .
tr	O	他不知道为什么，但是看到她让他觉得自己像个男人。
tr	I	Jackson was looking at me funny , but I was more than happy to stop .
tr	O	那些家伙一直把艾迪当作游戏中的棋子来玩弄，并且他们毫无悔意。
tr	O	一丝内疚因没有告诉凯文关于内特的事而困扰着她，但是另一部分却坚持让她不要为此担心。
tr	O	我用力吞咽，并且在我这样做时，我意识到我的喉咙因昨晚卢卡的双手而疼痛。
tr	I	I realized we 'd already gone two blocks , and the cabbie 's baritone cut through my dazed preoccupation .
tr	I	Flung the door open and I stomped across the trailer .
tr	I	I want so much to be close to this man , but it 's not the kind of thing I usually share .
tr	O	一些较大的碎片落到我脚边，并且我盯着它们看了一会儿。
tr	I	No heart beats in his chest , and no blood runs through his veins .
tr	I	There was no way Aden had met this particular cow , and Cheese came from cows .
tr	I	They all stared at him , and he stopped , breathing heavily .
tr	I	He was happy that no one recognized him and he walked towards the precinct with crazy thoughts .
tr	O	他不认为她会相信这个，但是他想不出更好的计划。
tr	I	It 's that Warner thinks we 're all dead , and there 's a silver lining in all of this .
tr	I	At least I remembered it happening , but everything else that happened since seemed bizarre .
tr	O	我的手开始出汗，而且我的心跳开始加速。
tr	O	她可以撒谎，但是麦克是对的。
tr	O	泽维尔张开双臂，而且托马斯扑进了他的怀里。
tr	O	你不常在身边，而且我知道你不是一直在工作。
tr	O	我的胃翻腾着，而且我咽了下去。
tr	O	我问了，而且利亚姆耸了耸肩。
tr	O	他不知道她想要什么，但是他知道他不能拒绝那块糖果。
tr	I	I slam my fist into the driver 's side window , and I march straight for my car , getting more furious with each step .
tr	O	它压在我的手上，并且我感觉到骨头断裂了。
tr	O	我被告知吃掉它，并且我发现当我吃掉它时我可以控制诅咒。
tr	I	It was a worthless effort , but over the weekend , I tried not to worry about stuff .
tr	I	His eyes warmed even more but he lips tipped up slightly .
tr	O	他知道他正在醒来，然而他不想。
tr	O	他在前戏方面比她更熟练，但是他迫不及待地想教她他喜欢如何被取悦。
tr	O	我不希望那样发生，并且我认为也有人不想那样。
tr	I	I could see beneath it , but he smiled a smile that seemed worshiping on the outside .
tr	O	温克勒在最后一刻想起他身在公共场合，并且服务员正在过来续杯冰茶。
tr	I	I transformed into the beast , and a rage overtook me .
tr	O	他希望身在探索公寓的屋顶上，并且水晶将他带到了那里。
tr	O	布利斯，你开始时有点不确定，但是到最后你完全对了。
tr	I	I don 't want to push it with her but I want to say more .
tr	O	我的妈妈个人不认识任何女同性恋，并且她也不想认识任何女同性恋。
tr	O	它们一定有一个创造者，但是它不是一个超级生命，不是一个上帝。
tr	I	It wasn 't a happy smile , but she tried to smile a little .
tr	I	Then kissed her creamy skin slowly ... gently and I buried my face in the crook of her neck , taking one big breath of her .
tr	O	那是个借口，而且你知道。
tr	I	She 'd had enough explosions for a while , but she usually preferred blow 'em up action flicks .
tr	I	They did not dart together , and his eyes darted all around .
tr	I	She heard the resentful whispers as they passed , but Alex fixed her eyes on Kincaid 's back .
tr	I	She takes Valium before dentist appointments , and she has to cut her own hair .
tr	I	She almost wished it hadn 't , and her implant obeyed .
tr	O	她现在意识到自己没有时间为他哀悼，并且她甚至不确定何时才能有时间。
tr	O	爸爸很生气，而且他拿着一根球棒！
tr	O	我们溜进其中一间房间……，而且里面很安静。
tr	O	她充满恐慌，而且她的身体仍在挣扎。
tr	I	I continued forward , but I felt sick .
tr	I	He closed his eyes while inhaling and her sweet fragrance surrounded him .
tr	O	杰西对此一无所知，但是她很快就会证实每一个细节。
tr	I	That was what she felt with him , but it didn 't make sense .
tr	I	I 've got a memory but I may be an idiot .
tr	O	现在主导人格是裘德·科尔，并且他唯一的目的是保护卢卡斯·克莱。
tr	O	那些昂贵的鞋子走近了，并且我的眼罩被猛地扯掉了。
tr	I	I want to court you , Annie but I know it 's old fashioned .
tr	I	It took all her effort to push her neurons into action , to find a counter-argument to win her freedom and her thoughts were weak .
tr	I	He 'd been even more surprised by her perceptiveness but when Shelley had blurted out the question he 'd been taken aback by her bluntness .
tr	O	凯西凝视着火，并且火突然间似乎无处不在。
tr	O	克洛伊有几秒钟看起来很反叛，但是她最终放弃了战斗。
tr	O	我笑得更厉害了，但是这让我的头痛更疼了。
tr	I	The full force of her loss hit her and she watched as Mrs. Basso was taken away .
tr	O	你将被要求前往我们的一处房屋，并且我们会在那里为你做进一步的安排。
tr	I	I swear I can hear his heart beating and his hand is turning pallid as he clutches onto the steering wheel .
tr	O	我的腿感到困倦，并且我的背部因为整天骑在马鞍上而疼痛。
tr	I	His hair was a bushy tangle and he was dressed in filthy clothing .
tr	I	I totally agree , and I hear you , Annie .
tr	O	她坚决的否认如同火石遇上火绒，并且我的脾气再次爆发。
tr	I	His father had known it , and he 'd known it .
tr	O	他却在我上方摸索着，并且一个光秃秃的小灯泡亮了。
tr	O	我坐在那里，享受着微醺，而且你们俩开始说话了。
tr	I	The world blurred , and a tingle ran over me .
tr	I	Then he turned back toward the door , but a guard gave him a wary look .
tr	O	我知道《查理的姨妈》的剧情，并且我喜欢它。
tr	I	Until then take some time off and Johnny , please be patient .
tr	O	来自第二座火山的火山灰会进入发动机，并且如果他们不降落，他们就会与下面的家人团聚。
tr	I	He was sweet , but he may not be interested .
tr	O	我拉了拉我的安全杆，但是我以为我能做什么呢？
tr	I	Still it hurt , but she knew that she couldn 't go to the event with him , not after the blowup with Heather .
tr	O	他揉了揉眼睛，而且在那短暂的一刻，我以为他在哭。
tr	O	我吞咽了，但是我仍然觉得我快窒息了。
tr	I	Captain Charles Johnson 's , but that 's not my observation .
tr	O	有些让他想起了测试中的那些，但是还有许多其他看起来复杂得多。
tr	I	I knew , with everything inside me , that I would see this through with him and I felt a claim on him .
tr	O	他声音里的希望很渺茫，并且我们都知道他错了。
tr	I	She doesn 't lose focus on the beast , but briefly , she looks over at the sheep 's head lying severed from the missing body .
tr	I	The view of the red liquid inside it hit him just as the smell did , and he tipped the cup toward Simon .
tr	I	He disassembled it for parts , and I brought it back to my grandfather .
tr	I	The whole time I couldn 't take my eyes off of Grandpa , but we took another two-minute break to explain what we 'd been through .
tr	O	她的哭声让我很难听清她的话，但是她轻声说出的话语足以让我的眼角渗出几滴泪水。
tr	I	She wasn 't allowing it and he was trying to treat Jewell better .
tr	O	丹妮轻盈地滑到我们身边，并且我们走进了树林。
tr	O	尽管他确信那地方已经藏满了形迹可疑的人，并且他不想冒险。
tr	I	She studied the knobby thing that she recalled she had to pull down to allow the vehicle to move forward and the engine roared to life .
tr	I	It was a wistful smile that made something inside me ache , but he smiled .
tr	O	除了这些相似之处，他们截然不同，并且他们的妻子也彼此完全不同。
tr	I	When he did , I had seen livelier expressions in the bargain rack of a fish market , but Rudolph didn 't show his eyes much .
tr	I	I scowled at her and they landed on my feet .
tr	O	他看着我，好像这很重要，但是我却无法忘怀诺亚高中后就没认真和人约会过这个念头。
tr	O	唯一的光源是各个电视屏幕，但是这点光比我们任何一个人需要的都多得多。
tr	I	He opened it and she knocked on his door .
tr	I	She knew it was the wolf , but her attacker had no discernible shape .
tr	I	She couldn 't afford to get injured , but perhaps she could have killed it quicker .
tr	O	小女孩喊道，并且我们都抬起了头。
tr	I	I am happy for you , honestly , and I 'd love to meet your special woman .
tr	O	那些愤怒的男人是鲁弗斯的债主，而不是我亲爱的阿尔弗雷德的，然而我对他印象很差。
tr	I	Lilly spoke but I opened my mouth to argue .
tr	I	Looking back , I really couldn 't picture it any different , but high school had been nothing like I imagined it would be .
tr	O	也许是空调引起了穿堂风，而且我没有完全关上门，导致门被吹开了。
tr	O	他需要她，并且她需要他。
tr	I	His guts felt like jelly and both his lips were split .
tr	O	他问，并且那双蓝色的眼睛吸引了她。
tr	O	小组重新集合了，并且我示意他们集合。
tr	O	玛丽让他进入，并且他侵占了她的嘴，他的舌头与她的交织。
tr	O	祖母点了一次头，并且他看起来松了一口气。
tr	O	我能看到她的动作，但是感觉不到她的触碰。
tr	O	在后一种情况下，这些独立的部分不一定对称，但是它们两者本质上都极其不完整。
tr	O	服务员歪着头，分析着眼前的景象，并且然后重新检查，利用他显示器上不那么有用的纸牌游戏。
tr	O	我们得不到完全的抚养权，但是你是她妈妈，莱克西。
tr	I	An airship didn 't have to worry about tracks , but the train had been fast .
tr	O	我总得离开这房子，并且我不能走楼梯。
tr	O	她热爱自己正在做的工作，而且她语气中的骄傲显而易见。
tr	O	我能听到水龙头打开和她刷牙的声音。
tr	I	You are come , and well , I expected you .
tr	O	最好别卷入那件事，或者她会再打他。
tr	I	I got a fork in anyway , but she knocked my fork away with hers to defend the potatoes from me .
tr	O	牢房里的气味——工业清洁剂、汗水、恐惧——让她的喉咙疼痛，或者也许那只是她普遍的紧张。
tr	O	我感觉到他在黑暗中移动，并且很快他的身体就靠得太近了，如此令人卸下心防地靠近我。
tr	O	总是试图拯救我，但是噩梦却是他在最后时刻离去。
tr	I	I understand that , and you 're frustrated .
tr	O	接着他的眼睛变得像大理石，并且他的身体向一侧倾斜，一声长长的、咯吱作响的叹息从其中逸出，伴随着它在死亡中的放松。
tr	I	In the brightness , I saw that the tiny room was vacant , and Lightning flashed .
tr	I	We started walking again , and he nodded .
tr	I	We walked to the street , and Jared tugged on my hand .
tr	I	It was more comfortable , but it really didn 't offer a great view of the cells .
tr	O	塔维看到费德的注意力在他视线余光中猛地转向他，但是他没有看那个奴隶。
tr	O	他正在咬我的手，并且我痛得头晕目眩。
tr	O	我无话可说，并且我害怕我会说出什么太轻佻的话。
tr	O	他们从一开始就有设计缺陷，并且现在他们无法解决这些问题。
tr	I	I snap the mem card into it , and Amy pulls it out of her pocket .
tr	O	一个念头闪过她的脑海，并且其中的讽刺意味让她轻笑起来。
tr	O	密歇尔夫妇在我们到的时候也到了，并且女主人把我们领到后面一张长桌旁。
tr	I	It was causing pain in his opposite shoulder and she was still straining against his arm .
tr	O	他们毕竟想念你，并且这对他们来说很难。
tr	I	She was just as hungry as he was and they hadn 't been together in a month .
tr	O	是的，她会是一个完美的导师，并且我能学到很多关于一个与我的业务没有太大不同的行业。
tr	I	He said sweet things , and he made me smile .
tr	I	She hissed , jerking her fingers back and there was a flicker of silver static .
tr	I	All my resolve vanish and it makes my heart start pumping .
tr	I	Demonic , glowing eyes bored into her , and immediately ghoulish heads turned .
tr	O	杰斯看着约翰尼，并且他吻了她。
tr	O	表演开始了，并且艾玛能看出她的每一位客人都已经喜欢上了她那可爱的女儿。
tr	I	The words would not form on my lips , but there was so much I wanted to say .
tr	I	I find that unconscionable , and they didn 't treat us as adults , Shadow .
tr	O	他用尽全力想把我甩下去，但是他却像虫子一样无助。
tr	I	The guy won no soft spots with me , but most everyone seemed to tolerate him because of it .
tr	O	朱莉看着我，好像在等待更多，并且我想知道我是否用我那结结巴巴、含糊不清的独白表达了任何东西。
tr	O	我知道姐妹会的事情对一些女孩来说有多重要，但是他们不能强迫你做那样的事情。
tr	I	He raised an eyebrow at my appearance , and I turned to face him .
tr	O	她的嘴巴干了，并且她突然感觉嘴里像塞了棉花。
tr	O	莎拉的眼睛因此完全睁开了，并且她点了点头，眼神与他的交汇着。
tr	O	他不再年轻了，并且他确实需要一大笔钱，才能永远消失在加勒比的无名之地。
tr	O	我被顺利地带到了我的牢房，但是当狱警打开它时，我瞥了一眼走廊上其他紧闭的门。
tr	O	窗户是有色玻璃，但是我相信我已经知道里面是谁了。
tr	O	几分钟后，“遣散费号”轻轻降落在着陆场上，并且塞弗伦斯打开了舱门。
tr	O	喷火战机乐队的一首歌响起了，并且我稍微坐直了身子。
tr	O	那时是半夜，并且她的房间感觉更像一座监狱。
tr	I	She 's not mine , but Bambi is a demon familiar .
tr	O	只有少量食物可供分享，并且饮用水也短缺。
tr	I	Evra froze , and he sang .
tr	O	他把毯子从我肩上取下，并且当我听到他急促的吸气声时，我又想重新抓住它。
tr	I	I really couldn 't imagine Aaron cheating on her , but I knew that didn 't make up for anything .
tr	O	中途停留时间很短，并且我们又回到了正轨。
tr	I	I didn 't want Parker to think I hated him , but I may have been angry .
tr	I	You never waited for me but I came back for you !
tr	I	The scenario he gave wasn 't inconceivable , but his response didn 't seem particularly plausible .
tr	O	她不知道它从何而来，但是她还是把它穿在了黑色内衣外面。
tr	I	They don 't forget it , and I appointed them for that .
tr	O	他以为他听到了亚瑟喊他的名字，但是他不在乎。
tr	O	我试图撑起身子，但是他没有退缩。
tr	O	在过去的十个月里，她施了魔法，并且他甚至不想摆脱。
tr	I	She clutched her throat softly and Kira felt the breath catch in her chest .
tr	O	我希望我死了，真正地死了，父亲，因为我想再次成为人类，并且我知道我不能。
tr	I	They needed full-time people to respond to it but the advertising had made it quite popular .
tr	I	It was something I understood , but cats weren 't quite as open with their affection as dogs .
tr	I	She wasn 't certain she could make it , and that was almost surely where he was going .
tr	O	一个大漂浮物打到我的手肘，并且我咒骂自己。
tr	I	You 'd never be able to tell by the determined expression on his face , but he 'd already been through a lot .
tr	I	She blinked them back and tears stung her eyes .
tr	O	我曾希望他会愿意选择像撕创可贴一样直接了断的方式，但是我不打算逼他。
tr	O	我不确定那里会有什么在等着我，但是我知道我必须回到内尔的林中空地。
tr	O	我听不清那些话，但是那个声音很愤怒，也许是歇斯底里的。
tr	I	My hunger licks its lips eagerly , but it 's such a small amount .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她开始推我的胸口。
tr	I	The truth is out and I am thankful that you are here .
tr	I	She flicked at a voile curtain dismissively , as though critiquing the decorating job and James caught her eye .
tr	I	Reacting to Bobo this way was a constant irritant , and I loved Jack , loved him more than anything .
tr	O	她抬头看着他的眼睛，并且她惊讶地看到那绿色深处顽皮的闪光。
tr	O	困难，因为他觉得自己身体不属于自己，但是一个在任何标准下都称职的好伴侣。
tr	I	You 'll have to deal with me or don 't fuck with John .
tr	I	They came away wet with blood , and I put my fingers to the throbbing ache .
tr	O	他被迷住了，直到沙哑的喘息声和响亮的哭泣声将他拉回现实。
tr	I	He decided to ride it out but Dave should have walked away .
tr	O	她原定中午与奥利维亚共进午餐，但是她不得不处理一位顾客的询问。
tr	O	这是一段新生活，并且疯狂的罗根把它给了他。
tr	I	I didn 't have a bib within reach to throw at him and he would 've started drooling at the table .
tr	O	三个往西走了，并且两个往东走了。
tr	I	It seemed to be crowded with a young , rowdy crowd and the fountain was a popular tourist spot .
tr	I	I 'm surprised Rory was able to make a vague reference to sexual desire , but I don 't say it .
tr	I	Then Mother is beside me , and Prospero shouts something about dancing .
tr	O	索菲要了一个，并且西奥把它们都点燃了。
tr	O	一声轻柔的叹息从她唇边逸出，并且她悲伤地摇了摇头。
tr	I	He 'd clenched his hands , and his face was turning red .
tr	I	I extinguish it quickly , but fear blazes through me .
tr	I	If she wasn 't , he was prepared for a good hard slap , and he figured if she was willing , she would kiss him back .
tr	I	She felt compelled to explain and he didn 't respond , just kept watching her .
tr	O	数日已过，并且我们成为了最好的朋友。
tr	O	我的手僵住了，并且我不知道。
tr	O	奈特提出要付账，并且即使我爸爸试图抗议，奈特还是赢得了挑战，说他们才是真正的客人。
tr	I	This time her dress was of watered silk , and she had changed from the outfit she was wearing that morning .
tr	I	It landed solidly in his hand , ready for the next blow , and he tossed it in the air , giving it a triple spin .
tr	I	I 'd never call him sweet , but Ricky was a lot of things .
tr	I	She paused in midair to greet him , and Nate glided over to her .
tr	I	They were too engaged in conversation to acknowledge my presence but I passed a pair of souls coming the other way .
tr	I	It was gone now but it might have helped .
tr	O	他对我的感情并非他的弱点，但是他的自负才是。
tr	I	I opened the one Noelle pointed to , and half a dozen lockers lined the left wall .
tr	O	我的父母不关注那些比赛，但是我仍然知道故事的梗概。
tr	I	I was now hearing everything in the house and my fangs had come out .
tr	I	She bolted stiff , and he shook her .
tr	O	我再次感谢她的母亲陪伴她，并且她离开了。
tr	O	她眨了两下眼睛，随着瞳孔的变化注意到了亮度的差异，并且她的獠牙尖端融化成了普通的牙齿。
tr	I	I got this feeling that people expected us to stay together , and Yale was in our future .
tr	I	The sun was down outside and the lights were on inside .
tr	I	None of us are going home until we find out who 's responsible for this , and there are ten of us guarding all of you here .
tr	I	I was really starting to worry , but I wanted to respect his privacy .
tr	O	我曾期待另一间宏伟的大理石房间，但是呈现在我面前的却是我所见过的最长的走廊。
tr	I	There were few customers , and Ian could see that most of the locals felt the same .
tr	O	他已将心智调整至能过滤掉此类事物，然而黛丽娅却正在粉碎他一生的条件反射。
tr	O	她的脸再次埋入枕头中，并且一声低沉的闷哼从中泄露出来。
tr	I	His breath was warm and he lowered his head again .
tr	O	我不知道威尔做了什么，但是水又流起来了。
tr	I	She was already depressed and it was barely after eight .
tr	I	Hiding the affair would be impossible , but she had not wanted her friends to know about the money .
tr	O	湖边很冷，而且空气闻起来有腐臭味。
tr	I	I followed his hand around and he gestured about the room .
tr	O	她把舌头伸进蓝色玻璃杯里，沾上了银色粉末，并且吞咽了下去。
tr	O	我往里偷看了一眼，并且那个地方一片狼藉。
tr	I	She flushed when her traitorous heart sped up , and he placed his hand on her chest .
tr	O	他们在格兰茨帕斯镇找到了一家自助洗车店，并且凯特琳从他们的资金中拿出九十九美分来购买纸巾。
tr	O	我接着爆了一些爆米花，并且我们坐在沙发上看我的一张DVD。
tr	O	我觉得她演得很好，但是我不认为她真的那么在乎。
tr	I	I feel there 's no progress , but june I meet with Ashley regularly .
tr	I	I racked up many assists by feeding him , and Terrell averaged twenty-three points a game last year .
tr	O	我们走回了房子，枪已准备就绪，但是我们不需要它们。
tr	I	If she knew the truth about the night with Eddie , she wouldn 't want me then either and she didn 't want me now .
tr	I	If a pitcher hits a batter , I 'm supposed to write HBP real big , and a double means drawing two dark lines .
tr	I	The younger girl shook her head , but Stacy offered her some grapes .
tr	O	我的手指伸入她湿润的头发，我的舌头伸入她的嘴里，并且我们的臀部有节奏地摩擦在一起。
tr	O	我向他吐了吐舌头，而且他嘴角的一边向上扬了扬。
tr	I	He is adamant , but it is the argument I gave Vasily .
tr	O	这里有弱点，而且我尽力帮助它找到力量。
tr	O	她差点就要说出自己也曾经历过一次与众不同的吻，但是她保持了沉默。
tr	O	他在唱歌时表现得更好，因为他正在参与，但是他在那方面也表现不佳。
tr	O	在村里，每个人都遵守同样的规矩，因为我们的长者是这样说的，而且违抗他们就意味着死亡。
tr	I	It was probably because I was too far away to see them , but I saw no tracks in the dirt .
tr	I	It would take hours and there were a million dead ends ahead .
tr	I	After last Saturday night I could hardly blame him , and I saw him always on the defensive .
tr	O	突然，两扇大门敞开了，并且一位女医生踱步而入。
tr	I	His eyes were intensely green , and his hair was dark , cropped short in a soldier 's cut , as was his beard .
tr	O	他张大了嘴，而且他的身体一动不动了。
tr	O	我本不介意步行，但是未知的变数迫使我骑马。
tr	I	She could see from his expression that she 'd impressed him and he nodded .
tr	O	我们有事情要做，并且瑞安说你今天早上在上班。
tr	O	我确实相信你，但是我仍然不明白。
tr	O	他来到新世界是为了追求一种不同的生活，并且他打算用双手抓住它。
tr	O	现在是佐治亚州的九月，并且夜晚也很热。
tr	O	卡尔文的眼睛与我的目光相遇，并且即使我尝试也无法移开视线。
tr	I	He fell limp and the back of his head cracked with a wet thud on the edge of the tiled stair .
tr	I	We take our payment in blood and we fight for his vengeance .
tr	I	I keep thinking , What if I screw up and Ethan 's responsibility lecture is fresh in my mind ?
tr	O	好的，所以那确实是在强词夺理，但是我确实觉得结果证明了手段是正当的。
tr	O	然后过了一会儿她眨了眨眼，并且那闪烁的黑暗消失了。
tr	O	这些是我最喜欢的时刻，她不仅仅是妈妈，而且也不是一个愧疚的妈妈。
tr	I	It was complete because she learned to love what was right in front of her , and Alma said her life had been complete .
tr	O	她的声音变得更加恳求，并且颤抖着，仿佛她要崩溃了。
tr	O	我正在给观众他们真正想要的，一场精彩的表演，并且他们一刻也不想错过。
tr	I	She hated it , and then it became cold .
tr	I	She needed things that this place didn 't have , but so far I saw no signs of renewed bleeding .
tr	O	一把枪在他手中，并且他举起它，瞄准着。
tr	O	她四岁了，并且你害怕她。
tr	O	我描述了我的衣服，并且她对所有衣服都说不，直到我的整个衣柜都散落在地上。
tr	O	它是开着的，并且她知道她被他抓到只是时间问题。
tr	I	It might have been the best , but it wasn 't his first kiss .
tr	O	门猛地打开了，并且摩根带着一队打手出现了。
tr	O	最初她说她有一些信息给我，然而我仍然不确定她是否已经给了我这些信息。
tr	O	那个女孩毫不费力地摆脱了请求，并且他注意到了，感知到了却不理解。
tr	I	Reece was grateful , and the dining atmosphere remained mostly subdued after that .
tr	I	It betrayed her age but her voice was strong .
tr	O	门开了，并且我睡着了。
tr	O	没有人对当前的困境感到满意，但是没有人公开批评这个做法。
tr	O	他们一行人只停下来换了一次马，并且蕾玛在当天剩下的时间里没对王子说一句话。
tr	I	I can 't tell them , and they don 't know any of the truth .
tr	I	He never spoke back but the driver tried to speak to Clyde .
tr	I	Other crops planted in their place and Tea plantations were being ripped out .
tr	O	她试图教我，但是这涉及到吞噬你的意识。
tr	I	Two teenage boys walked in and the nurse backed off .
tr	I	Everyone 's eyes fell on me and the entire room went completely silent .
tr	I	Moore stood holding it foolishly and the arm came off without resistance .
tr	I	Now , I 've ruined them and the lace trimmed sheets looked expensive .
tr	I	She was wearing a practical khaki pantsuit with a badge pinned to the lapel , and she was truly almost black .
tr	I	Strangely enough they were unable to push him , but the police officers tried to force him out .
tr	I	She groaned in protest , and he shook her gently .
tr	O	服务员走了过来，并且托尼要了一杯苏打水。
tr	I	He couldn 't have been too tired to lock up , but he 'd been tired this morning .
tr	I	Samuels 's military record was impeccable , but Roy was well aware of that .
tr	O	我触及他的心、他的灵魂、他的思想，但是却没有什么可以抓住。
tr	O	我终于可以再次呼吸了，并且那才是最重要的。
tr	O	他知道两人都不会开枪射击瑞安，或者至少他希望如此。
tr	O	尼古拉斯从地上喊着，在最后一次拽住塔拉手臂并成功将她从恶魔身下拉出后，他已向后倒地。
tr	I	That power is as useless against fire as water is to a flood and Air is my element .
tr	I	The years have darkened my heart but I have tried to be strong .
tr	O	我可能不喜欢她，但是莉尔爱她。
tr	O	它又响了，但是这次我能辨认出那是人的声音。
tr	I	It felt so different , yet Chapter 9 MONDAY WAS A day like any other .
tr	O	他的舌头渴望进入她的嘴巴，并且她也为他做好了准备。
tr	O	我们飞速下山，并且我瞥见了我们最初上来的那条蜿蜒小径。
tr	O	她的名字叫维多利亚，并且她是他的女朋友。
tr	O	我今天比威尔先到家，但是我不会在窗边等。
tr	I	They weren 't so modern , girlish in style than me and I was happy about these two friends who I had .
tr	O	她有很多工作要做，但是她很好。
tr	I	I kept a hand on the side of the house anyway , but the roof 's slope was gentle outside of Lia 's room .
tr	O	他未能参加面试，但是他急切地想回家。
tr	I	He hung up the call and they bid each other farewell .
tr	O	他笑了，但是情感没有到达他的眼睛。
tr	I	What sounded like a body hitting the ground , and Claire heard something like a snarl behind them .
tr	O	我用袖子擦去脸上的黏液，并且我能看到那个女孩在我这样做的时候对我微笑。
tr	O	我被告知我的衣服吸引异性的注意，但是我的猜测是，那是因为我正在发育的身体。
tr	O	我感到胸口涌起一股恼人的热潮，并且我不明白他怎么能保持如此平静。
tr	I	They shared a laugh and he looked at Devlin .
tr	O	一股脆弱的气息环绕着她，并且这让他等待时机。
tr	I	I sucked in a breath , and the back of his hand brushed against mine .
tr	O	我想那可能只有半小时，但是感觉却像是八个小时！
tr	I	Her throat hurt from screaming , and she was trembling violently .
tr	I	I barely looked at it as we stumbled into the bedroom , but Owen was , of course , staying in the penthouse suite .
tr	O	我看了看马特，并且他给了我一个竖起的大拇指。
tr	I	It wasn 't , but I thought for sure rubbing down both horses after Cami left last night would 've been enough to work off some frustration .
tr	O	转过身，他的眼睛是空白的，并且他看起来像是在震惊中。
tr	I	She doesn 't , but I keep my hands positioned near her in case she attempts to stand .
tr	I	Serena scrambled to pick it up , pointing it at his chest , and the sword fell to the ground in a clang of steel .
tr	O	这是一个事实：维克有一个顽皮的笑容，并且他就能随意挑选房间里的人。
tr	I	He 's right , yet I hate admitting it .
tr	I	He gazed in amazement at the diverse life which filled that space , and he wasn 't often on duty in the small hours these days .
tr	I	There was something suspicious there , but aris returned his gaze forward .
tr	O	她接着感到身体倒在地上，并且当她回头看时，麋鹿的尸体已经不见了。
tr	O	她的左手抓住刀刃，并且她用右手向下拽。
tr	I	He found himself staring into those dark pools of midnight velvet and her lashes lifted .
tr	I	She relaxed a little , breathing heavily and Colton put his hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	星星闪烁着光芒，并且月亮很圆。
tr	I	He 'd been badly bitten , and Michael had been his hire .
tr	O	本吉不常见到亨特，但是他知道他必须去见他，告诉他他违反了他们女巫集会的古老戒律。
tr	I	It felt good when the enemy fell in droves around us , and we fought as a unit , not as separate Hunters .
tr	O	她与卢卡斯的吻曾是……更炽热的，但是关于它的一切都没有让人感到安全。
tr	I	Neil went in to talk to the Director and the inner door slid back .
tr	O	他身上盖着无数东西，并且他吓得魂不附体。
tr	I	Then a small smile crossed her face , and Liam could see her thinking about it .
tr	O	斯图贝克工厂的残余建筑矗立在南侧，毗邻市中心区域，但是其他工厂早已迁走。
tr	O	她的眼睛红了，并且她的脸也浮肿了。
tr	O	这名特工一直在上一个关于如何读唇的在线课程，并且她希望将新学到的技能运用起来。
tr	O	如果我体内还有任何力气，我可能会很紧张，但是这种感觉就是对的。
tr	I	Then your time will come , and someone 'll get in trouble soon .
tr	O	我知道应该有人在那里帮助她，但是那个人不见了。
tr	I	The rest of the soldiers stood still as statues , and each of Jules ' strides seemed to last for an eternity .
tr	I	This ship did meet all the minimum requirements of their insurance policy , but his ship had been newer with the latest technology the Borman clan had .
tr	O	浓烟从基顿滚滚冒出，并且惊恐的学生们正在草坪上奔跑。
tr	O	它嵌在一根骨头附近，并且我们进行了彻底的取出。
tr	I	The temperature in the room continued to rise and several moments passed .
tr	I	I swear I heard Leah swoon and Declan smirked at Clare 's request .
tr	O	我突然想起一件事，并且我睁开一只眼。
tr	O	最终，看着索耶让我的情绪平复下来，并且我对她笑了笑。
tr	O	诺亚有很大的影响力，并且他支持我成为合伙人。
tr	O	豪华轿车几分钟前已经停在他家外面了，并且他向她伸出了手。
tr	O	赫克斯大厅在刷过新漆后焕然一新，并且窗户也修好了。
tr	O	阿比盖尔已经获救了，并且婴儿也很安全。
tr	I	Murmurs pierced the illusion of celluloid and the body 's in the seats shifted uncomfortably .
tr	I	There was a horrible pungent smell under the arms and the top was damp with sweat .
tr	O	这种领悟让她心头一震，并且她从他身上滚下来，转过身去。
tr	I	Pull out of the driveway , and I smile , wave back .
tr	O	莎莉本来只是黑暗领主的一个传导媒介，但是显而易见她能召唤出一些强大的魔法。
tr	I	He was able to walk into the ambulance on his own and he could tell the person that got in the ambulance was a Deputy .
tr	O	跪着，她试图看得更清楚，但是白色的雾太浓了，遮蔽了下面的奥秘。
tr	O	头骨周围有令人作呕的毛发团，并且肌腱像枯死的藤蔓一样缠绕在更大的骨头上。
tr	O	他的话语很温柔，然而我感觉他好像把拳头猛击到我的腹部。
tr	I	There was nowhere to go , but people ran for their lives .
tr	O	他的脸被雨淋湿了，并且他的雨衣滴到地毯上。
tr	O	我的箱子在那边，并且我告诉过你以后我会过来取。
tr	I	It was his eyes that were terrifying , but an aura of dangerous calm surrounded him .
tr	O	这是一个我没有充分考虑的问题，但是一个需要解决的问题。
tr	I	I looked up at her unblinking , and I felt Eden shaking my shoulder .
tr	O	我说，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	He wasn 't going to wait for reluctant cops to figure it out , and she was in danger .
tr	I	The town is at least a mile wide , and the narrow streets have been paved over with large flagstones .
tr	I	He did not step away this time and she stepped closer .
tr	O	他走了，并且他会一直离开。
tr	O	我的头晕乎乎的，但是我在乎。
tr	I	He looked down , but holding his hand to my heart , I leaned in to kiss him .
tr	O	我知道，并且他也知道。
tr	I	He cuffed that one , too , and I put my right hand behind my back .
tr	O	她又坐了起来，并且她那张脏兮兮的脸像用过的纸巾一样皱成一团。
tr	I	He happily tosses them over to me and I ask politely .
tr	O	这个男孩可能有预知能力，但是我们夫人对人类不感兴趣。
tr	O	我真的不想再向他倾诉心事了，但是因为我们月下谈话，他已经比任何人都知道得更多了。
tr	I	Their personalities are their own but physically they resemble their father .
tr	O	他们中的一个拿着一个水桶，但是我不必用它。
tr	O	我曾有那么多不眠之夜都在琢磨他写了些什么，并且我终于要鼓起勇气行动了。
tr	O	让我与你缠绵，并且你就会明白我们是天生一对。
tr	I	She didn 't want him to think she 'd jumped into something with Tucker , but things might be over between them .
tr	I	She rubbed my back in circles , and I counted each breath she took .
tr	I	I may be able to spin that to our benefit ... but if they had a strong reason to free you , it would accelerate the trial .
tr	O	他的伤脚并没有好转，并且他的好腿也变得越来越疲惫。
tr	O	诺拉伸手抓我，并且我感到紧张。
tr	I	I do , but I don 't know why I speak up to comfort him .
tr	O	他试图将她翻到身下，但是她不让他得逞。
tr	O	我感觉自己被一个大大的熊抱包裹着，但是最重要的是我感到安全。
tr	I	Peering through the shadows , I could see beyond the sunroom into the kitchen , but no lights were on .
tr	I	I could feel the weight of that still hanging between us , and it wasn 't important to me .
tr	O	糟糕的事情被锁在我心里，并且我害怕把它们释放出来。
tr	O	如果他们有问题，他们会来找他并且问题就解决了。
tr	I	He studied his son 's face , and his father 's brows went up .
tr	I	Della couldn 't hear Burnett anymore and Shawn walked off .
tr	I	It was fast putting a strain on their relationship , and Bruce did , too .
tr	I	He came running back to my door , and I 'd made sure he saw me with another guy .
tr	I	Mia remembered a lot of the patient classifications and they had a major malfunction with the records .
tr	I	He wasn 't splattered on the pavement , but he wasn 't out of the woods .
tr	I	She wouldn 't stand up to him but she loved me .
tr	O	她生活中很少有让她担心的事情，并且她留下来的那只猫就是其中之一。
tr	I	The minute hand was broken , and the clock was barely ticking .
tr	O	他们不认为他们会再需要那艘船了，但是人永远不知道。
tr	O	他毕竟是天使，并且天使被禁止干涉凡人的事务。
tr	O	她用力拉，并且链条断了。
tr	O	他们仍然叫她七，但是其他人叫她六。
tr	I	I really hoped I would see him today , but I hadn 't seen the Devourer in weeks .
tr	O	德文透过玻璃瞥了一眼她最好的朋友，并且当她看到她时，一声抽泣从她喉咙里逸出。
tr	O	在他们还没察觉的时候，薄暮已降临在礼拜堂窗外，并且斯皮里特已经找到了她的住处。
tr	I	His fingers are soft , but his grip is firm .
tr	I	His eyebrows were black , but he had white hair like an albino .
tr	O	她非常缓慢地眨着眼看他，并且他们继续了。
tr	I	She seemed to enjoy using it , yet Artemis could never keep track of colloquial slang .
tr	I	Everybody stayed where they were , and the dogs suddenly went quiet , as if on orders .
tr	I	Every morning she joined the long line of parents dropping off their kids at the grade school , and she insisted on driving Jazmine to school .
tr	O	他很沮丧，并且他们正在离开。
tr	I	He suddenly looked older than he should have , and Joseph 's eyes went back to the map .
tr	I	Nick blinked at her and she nodded .
tr	O	玛格丽特之前的车已经过了维修期，并且她对购买一辆全新的汽车感到兴奋。
tr	I	The workers are migrant so I doubt they would get involved but as far as I could see he has two bodyguards there .
tr	O	他抓住了她的手，并且她试图站在冰鞋上。
tr	I	I wasn 't , but I should have been cold .
tr	O	窗帘是精致的蕾丝，并且五彩缤纷的艺术品装饰着墙壁。
tr	I	I could see her face more clearly , and the window covering shifted .
tr	I	Your well-being , desire your happiness above all else , will use all my resources to insure that end and I 'm completely devoted to you .
tr	O	动作是如此突然，仆人们几乎错过了，但是他们永远不会看到他指间捏住的绿色图案。
tr	O	三名警卫不远，而且他的护士们很近。
tr	O	她试图记住自己是怎么到这里的，但是什么都没有。
tr	O	安保很严密，而且他们的名字与比尔·马丁提供的嘉宾名单进行了核对。
tr	O	这是一首好歌，而且这是他的歌。
tr	I	Both the detectives leave and I raise my eyebrows .
tr	I	The longing in his voice made me feel like a voyeur , but I wanted to hear who she was , who made him sound like that .
tr	I	Mine begin mimicking his and his eyes start to tear up .
tr	I	He gives me a pound and I hold up my fist .
tr	O	她正起身跟着她，但是苏瓦夫已经穿过门了。
tr	I	A perfect fit and Everything was pressed .
tr	O	大行政官不赞成这项措施，并且听起来民众也反映了她的疑虑。
tr	I	He stopped her by pressing his finger against her lips , but she started to talk .
tr	O	他会为她做那件事，然而他却不爱她？
tr	I	His arms went round her , pressing her against his chest and she knew she was doing something right when he moaned again .
tr	I	A round lump lay at his feet and a man stood inside the center of the star .
tr	I	It hadn 't worked , had it and that had been her parents ' approach ?
tr	O	我走进卧室，确认所有东西都摆放整齐并且看起来很完美。
tr	O	强者掠夺弱者，并且甚至连铁匠也不安全。
tr	O	她哥哥突然打断她的原因一直困扰着她，但是她保持了沉默。
tr	O	我的心痛苦地揪紧了，并且我用手抓了抓头发。
tr	I	His men came crashing out of the bushes and he commanded haughtily as he .
tr	I	She is going to the national beauty content tomorrow , and she succeeds to make peace with her friend !
tr	O	她笑了，看着我怀里的麦迪，她把自己的手放在我的手上，我们一起开始抚摸麦迪的头发。
tr	O	只剩下一个了，但是只好将就了。
tr	I	That would probably demoralize Bubba , but I could jack up the price a little bit .
tr	O	奈丁格对艺术一无所知，但是他知道自己喜欢什么。
tr	O	她靠在他身上，并且他把手臂环绕在她周围。
tr	I	The sound warms me despite my determination to keep myself hardened against him , and he laughs .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't come , but you 're ... Sho ... ' stuttered Billy .
tr	O	他的嘴唇在抽搐，仿佛他笑起来很痛，但是他无法停止这个动作。
tr	O	一阵猛烈的掩护火力开始，并且大卫用身体催促诺埃尔向前。
tr	O	他的眼中带着沉重的负担，并且他的脸已经开始因胡茬而变暗。
tr	O	她的声音在面具后面听起来很闷沉，但是即使她没有面对我，我也能理解她。
tr	I	Then my future was already secure with the Cardinals , but I certainly didn 't want to be a farmer .
tr	I	The other knee was bent , jammed against the lip of the hatch , but he got one of Beth 's legs into the hatch .
tr	I	She dodged him , sending him back to the same spot empty-handed , but he traced to her , determined to take her from this place .
tr	I	The lights fade from the controls and the screens die with a whirr .
tr	I	It ended the conversation on a polite note , but as she expected , his response was noncommittal .
tr	I	Our house 's got paint on it , but you ain 't gon na believe this , boy .
tr	I	The urgent demands were becoming more difficult to ignore , even with his centuries of discipline , and his body was unrelenting in its need of hers .
tr	I	I quickly folded it down and the collar of my blouse had been turned upwards .
tr	O	我猛地睁开眼睛，并且她正站在莱克床的另一边。
tr	I	They always have the terrain , and they always have the numbers .
tr	I	I bite my tongue , and it makes my jaw ache .
tr	I	I learned something from them but I know you flip me shit about my other husbands .
tr	O	他不够好，并且现在他们都会死。
tr	O	这是我做过的最困难的事情之一，但是她是我的永恒伴侣。
tr	I	He temporarily let go of Justin to brace himself so he wouldn 't fall and he almost fell to the ground .
tr	O	与全人类相比，这似乎不算什么，但是它仍然是大海捞针。
tr	O	他把车停在看不见的地方，拐角处，但是他不想让她躺在那里。
tr	I	The two started towards the house leading the pack , and Cobble wasn 't about to argue on that one .
tr	O	我周围的地面不再温暖了，并且我的脚很冷。
tr	O	他的眼睛在帽檐下投下阴影，但是我记得它们纯粹的绿色。
tr	I	It made him uneasy and it was as if something was moving beneath his skin .
tr	O	埃里克会帮助变形族女性，但是卡西迪也觉得对她们有责任。
tr	I	The warmth from her body beckoned to him , and the scent of her hair curled through his nose .
tr	O	她仍然是她自己，但是她感到疏远——不依恋。
tr	O	门上传来敲门声，并且一个年轻的助手探进了头。
tr	I	When sensitive issues came to the table the forum was temporarily deadlocked , and the interwoven communications were only slightly demarcated by declarations given by the moderator .
tr	O	马库斯退了回去，并且我发誓他的眼睛闪闪发光。
tr	I	His voice came more quickly , and then he sat up straighter .
tr	I	He said so , and the coaches looked normal enough to Vimes .
tr	I	You don 't survive for long and you act the way you want him to where he 's from .
tr	I	I 'm still not completely convinced , but Mason talked me out of the idea .
tr	I	He continued his movements , and I nodded my head , unable to talk .
tr	O	我知道当我看着他坐在我旁边的台阶上时，我张着嘴，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	Her eyes are the colour of seaweed , and she has golden hair , like honey .
tr	I	Danny simply nodded in the direction of Raphael 's stare , but he turned back .
tr	O	埃里克本来打算走近他的女朋友，但是为了格蕾塔，他决定多逗留一会儿。
tr	I	I can tell she liked the compliment , but Rachel lowers her head .
tr	I	The rest made no sense , but a particularly resistant person could make it difficult for a spirit user to form a dream connection .
tr	O	大家都收拾东西准备离开，并且我们预订了回家的航班。
tr	O	他走开了，并且我看到阿什利站在两个面无表情的暴徒之间。
tr	I	It 's you , Stefan , and I know who I hate most now .
tr	O	当他看到我进来时，他的眼睛睁大了，但是除此之外他仍然一动不动。
tr	I	You are still a predator , but you are light to my darkness .
tr	I	Loyalty to me does weigh in his decisions , but he is primarily loyal to the needs of his town .
tr	I	Even though her mind was storming with questions , she asked none before hanging up , and she listened for less than twenty seconds .
tr	O	和妻子做爱是丈夫的权利，并且没有人会为此谴责他。
tr	I	I along with it , and it would be erased .
tr	I	It wasn 't a one-man show , but okay , so that emphasis wasn 't exactly subtle .
tr	O	我为她打开车门，并且她爬进了那辆红色的马自达XIII。
tr	I	My blood pressure rise as I do everything in my power not to explode right now and I can feel my heart start to beat faster .
tr	O	她仰起头，但是她看不清他在漆黑房间里的五官。
tr	I	They would see us the moment we came down , but we had the high ground .
tr	O	也许梅根也可以教她穿墙而过，并且他们就可以一起逃走了。
tr	I	That 's to do something terrible before we die , and there 's only one reason to tie us up .
tr	O	本顿开始动了，并且他的眼睛颤动着睁开了。
tr	O	他可能逃进了荒野，但是我怀疑他去了矿井。
tr	I	The launch was a little bit more enjoyable , despite my fear of crashing and luckily everything settled down a bit .
tr	I	Tatiana Landon had just done it inside of five minutes , but very few people had ever made Ian speechless .
tr	I	His phone was off , but I called him before I left the house this morning .
tr	I	She felt it in his loss of rhythm , and he was close then .
tr	O	我当时很苛刻，几乎是绝望的，但是她似乎并不介意。
tr	I	In death they did not look so different , and another young man lay dead beside him , one of the Circle .
tr	O	怪物仍在船上，并且它正朝着他的朋友们去了。
tr	O	他把那个词大声说了出来，但是我当时也在想同样的事情。
tr	O	我说话直言不讳，不顾及成年人的感受，但是我尊重小孩子。
tr	I	The window is frosted and the fire has died .
tr	I	It clung to it like bony claws , thin probing fingers worming through the soil and it rose from the ground like smoke .
tr	I	I am now involved in events beyond my hopes to fully know , and my heart is unsettled .
tr	I	I met her gaze squarely , but I thought that sounded ominous .
tr	O	米切尔的手臂环抱着威廉的妻子，并且卡罗琳的脸颊紧贴着他的胸膛，手里紧攥着一块手帕。
tr	I	I was only making matters worse , but that 's what I was trying to tell you when I called .
tr	I	I 'd already learned that with Sebastian , the specifics were often important , but it seemed like an odd request .
tr	I	I suggested water instead , but she had wanted some wine .
tr	O	继续演下去……，或者你就是下一个。
tr	O	弗朗兹注意到凯特琳仍然穿着黑衣服，但是她的脸没有像昨天那样蒙着面纱。
tr	I	The eunuchs lounged around on the polished floor talking idly , and the Serpent Queen wasn 't there .
tr	I	I was a part of the world that the mystic evading prosecution knew ... and I had known other stray mystics .
tr	O	我会提醒他，但是我没有心情再去助长他的精神病态了。
tr	I	There was no turning back and she was lost , over the crest of the hill .
tr	O	她的班就结束了，并且我想抱她。
tr	I	I heard the final whack that flew bits of brains all over me , but I didn 't want to see .
tr	I	She didn 't go down , but as the air hissed out of her lungs .
tr	O	威廉没有意识到，但是她知道他需要她。
tr	O	他躺在沙发上，并且眼泪从他眼里流了出来。
tr	I	Finally Shim agreed to let us take only that step -- for now , but it took a lot more arguing on my part .
tr	I	It was good Preston had made a friend out of Adam , but I wanted to roll my eyes a little .
tr	I	Next to her was Mandi and I couldn 't believe it .
tr	O	我通常不看体育版，但是我确实读了你署名的文章。
tr	O	我等待杰瑞德给出答案，但是他一言不发。
tr	O	他的事业放在第一位，并且朱莉·库珀医生也不会例外。
tr	O	我是个好员工，并且我可以上任何班次。
tr	I	Chancey realized he 'd somehow revealed that this conversation was about to change course , and suddenly Sutherland got that cold look on his face again .
tr	I	She was still close enough to get a look inside the box , but maximus caught Gretchen 's arm before she reached me .
tr	O	她不知道那些被困的电流在莱利看来是什么样子，但是她知道它们正在影响他。
tr	I	She resumed the struggle against her bonds , and Julie tried to calm her breathing .
tr	I	Only the barest current flickered into him , but I poked him with my right hand .
tr	O	他把石头移到右手，并且左手伸向我的脸。
tr	O	马克清嗓子的声音把我拉回现实，并且我猛地抽身，脸红得厉害。
tr	I	Melanie picked it up just as fast as it had fallen , and a tinkling of something metal hit the pavement beneath the car .
tr	O	我们先玩会儿吧，并且再让你走。
tr	O	他调皮地冲我眨了眨眼，并且我思考了片刻。
tr	I	It was obviously nothing good , but I wasn 't exactly sure what my father had done to them .
tr	O	住在那里是确保她安全的最佳方式，但是她计划想办法独立生活。
tr	O	克莱尔无法再像之前那样挣扎了，并且几分钟之内她就瘫软得像个布娃娃。
tr	O	妮可的笑容更灿烂了，并且她的手移向了徽章别针。
tr	I	Her eyes were hazel and her skin was a creamy ivory color .
tr	I	There were too many unanswered questions , but there was something about the look in his eyes that made me want to trust him .
tr	I	He 'd have thrown it out in an instant or he 'd had no idea what it was for .
tr	O	她有她挣扎的时候，而且当她挣扎时，她会回避接触。
tr	O	船上还有五名逃犯，但是这让人心里很不舒服。
tr	I	Thankfully the protests were not carrying very far , but anyone happening by would hear the faint commotion .
tr	I	He yanked one panel of my sarong aside and his hand went between us .
tr	I	Both worked hard at it , but Conversation wasn 't easy .
tr	I	He stared at it for a while , his emotions playing out across his face and Jeremy 's mouth dropped .
tr	I	He cocked his head a bit and Jared 's brows pul ed in .
tr	I	That was OK because I was going to solve this on my own , but I knew he wouldn 't tell me a thing .
tr	I	She wouldn 't listen but we had many arguments about it .
tr	I	She was losing and she was fighting it .
tr	O	他的房子就是教堂，并且教堂着火了。
tr	O	我不知道他在找什么，但是我希望在他找到的瞬间就知道。
tr	O	她的生活局限于房子和肯尼思想让她待的任何地方。
tr	O	他只需要拉下裤子，并且他就会在她湿滑温热的体内了。
tr	O	这个小组在寻找路径时遇到了一些麻烦，但是他们找到了。
tr	O	我正要告诉他那不是我的背，但是我停了下来。
tr	O	我搬到冰岛时应该告诉她，但是我却从未这样做过。
tr	I	While he no longer uses a cane , he has a slight limp , and his eye is a hundred percent now .
tr	O	我有一个姐姐，伊万杰琳，但是她和我的妈妈一起长大。
tr	I	A man stepped through and the door opened again .
tr	O	是的，那里有好奇心，但是那里也有别的东西。
tr	I	It would need a good washing and some had splashed into her hair .
tr	O	他似乎喜欢把她按倒，但是她并不在意。
tr	I	For several seconds , we both just stood there , and Sydney slammed the door shut behind him .
tr	I	It sickened him , and he 'd learned so fast , the best ways to kill these things .
tr	I	I see that she is Tris , and the woman turns her face toward the light .
tr	I	Hurried back up the steps , nearly bolting through the open door and Melissa turned .
tr	O	看起来足够合乎逻辑，只是我们联盟的理事会对于我和威廉在一起的事情并不合乎逻辑。
tr	O	罗里想帮忙，但是她动不了。
tr	I	I tipped them generously , and they offered to carry my luggage , which I allowed two of them to do , to a waiting tourist bus .
tr	O	她回来时，她爸爸还在清洗汽车零件，并且她妈妈坐在躺椅上看报纸。
tr	I	The stuff they sold now never left your system , but once upon a time , people could quit drugs .
tr	O	沃利斯的电视摄像机已经架在三脚架上，并且本恩正在等待华盛顿确认卫星信号良好。
tr	I	Mac didn 't see anything unusual , but she rolled up her pant leg .
tr	O	森林正为夜幕降临做准备，并且鸟儿们正返回它们的栖息地。
tr	O	我们四人确定那里没有人居住，并且我们一直待在警车里直到黄昏。
tr	O	这项崇高任务中蕴含着巨大的荣耀，并且吟游诗人将会歌唱你的名字！
tr	I	His eyes never left her , but he wasn 't seeing her .
tr	O	我的随身行李包有轮子，并且我把它滚进金库。
tr	I	He was bleeding , little trickles of black blood painting dark circles on the ground , and several of his rust coloured scales had broken off .
tr	I	Even they have mostly cleared out , but most of the city was built on the backs of the dwarves .
tr	O	黛拉看到所有的吸血鬼都伸手去拿自己的刀，并且一瞬间，他们冲了上去。
tr	I	I was enjoying making him work for it a little bit , but I wanted more than anything to say room service .
tr	O	目前他们暂时离开了，但是时间并不长。
tr	O	他的手从我的衬衫里滑了出来，并且我颤抖了一下，皮肤似乎在为失去而悲伤。
tr	O	我转过身，并且她舔了舔嘴唇。
tr	I	Her head was still pounding and her skin was painfully pale .
tr	I	Kevin didn 't bother correcting her , but Neil slid Kevin a sideways look .
tr	I	I was shocked to the core , but his presence was comforting .
tr	O	她回家了，此前在外面过了一整夜，并且她的父亲气得破口大骂。
tr	O	虚空尽其所能地减缓时间，但是这不足以同时拯救他们俩。
tr	O	电流窜过我的身体，但是在我来不及反应之前，服务员就把我们的食物送来了。
tr	O	我问，并且他点了一下头。
tr	O	我还没去看过埃菲尔铁塔，并且它离公寓只有十五分钟的路程。
tr	O	他的药剂袋从麻木的双手间滑落，并且他重重地摔在了书房地板上。
tr	O	光线刺痛了塔维的眼睛，并且他抬手遮挡。
tr	I	He saw it , and I still flinched .
tr	O	她没料到战争会这么快结束，并且信使的到来时机再完美不过了。
tr	I	She couldn 't really figure it out , but he was trying to tell her something .
tr	I	The others followed in the car behind him , and the driver was comfortably shut away behind glass .
tr	O	它很微弱，但是它确实存在。
tr	O	第一支火把立刻点燃了，并且我便一边向底部走去，一边点燃剩下的火把。
tr	O	他的头很痛，并且他眼前出现了一些大的棕色圆圈。
tr	I	He didn 't want me sponging off him anymore and Said I was useless .
tr	O	它不会杀死人，但是它会发出能够暂时使人失去行动能力的电击。
tr	I	He realized he had laid his ears flat back in a threatening expression , and she patted his head several times during the day .
tr	I	He held himself together , but his lips twitched .
tr	I	Cain wasn 't sure he could change with them , and things were changing .
tr	I	It made him sad , and he could see far-off fell tops through the blue sheen of protection .
tr	I	I knew I 'd have to have a new pair soon ; another item for my already tight budget , and they were looking very shabby .
tr	O	诚然，那是一场伟大的胜利，但是无论你怎么看，伊兹仍然处于危险之中。
tr	O	我无法和他争论，并且这开始让人觉得厌倦。
tr	O	这种技术非常适合测量DNA长度，并且这对于DNA片段识别大有裨益。
tr	O	一只手搭在我的肩膀上，并且我慢慢转过身去面对莱夫。
tr	I	She was very close to doing just that , and he had to keep her from slipping away .
tr	I	The end reward would be infinitely greater , but he 'd have to play his cards more carefully with Tamara .
tr	I	Spider helped her pull him up and Clementine snagged his belt the second time .
tr	O	杰克逊的嘴唇因咆哮而龇开，而且，在我注视时，他用目光压制了莱恩。
tr	I	It stirred up the fondest memories in Garcia 's head and she wore the Chanel on all of their special occasions .
tr	O	斯特兰在费舍尔夫人喋喋不休时一言未发，尽管他下巴紧绷，而且他怒目而视。
tr	I	By the time I finally decide to move , he 's walking toward me , but I 'm tempted to go take a closer look .
tr	O	哪里有生命，哪里就有希望，但是也存在冲突。
tr	I	James doesn 't move , but my eyes well up .
tr	I	Still making sure I had everything prepared , but I felt the vest , knowing it was there .
tr	O	他的思绪混乱，并且他清了清嗓子。
tr	O	他听过炼金术士的故事，而且在那之前，他就是他们正在追捕的敌人。
tr	O	我不知道，但是我必须帮助他结束这个残酷的实验。
tr	O	曾几何时，我们的人民变成了乌鸦，但是随着时间的推移，我们变得更像是一种混合体。
tr	O	她打开门准备离开房间，并且彼得就站在那里。
tr	I	I joined him a few years ago , and Gregori has done much research on this .
tr	I	Leopards hadn 't made it to the top of the wildcat pyramid because of size , but the wolf was bigger , almost twice Jace 's bulk .
tr	I	I floored my jeep , and the light turned green .
tr	I	He gave her a small smile and Olivia turned to look at him .
tr	O	西尔维娅·迈尔森是一个社交旋风，并且谁也说不准她究竟会在哪里安定下来。
tr	O	她的头发扎成一根湿漉漉的马尾辫，并且她的眼下有疲惫的眼袋。
tr	O	莉兹努力集中精神，试图询问他需要什么，但是西蒙已经掌握了在她不被允许靠近时将她屏蔽在外。
tr	I	Mary hugged her tight , and Paola burst into tears .
tr	O	在接下来的几周里，女孩们进行了练习，并且佐伊在未来预测方面变得几乎和她姐姐一样好。
tr	O	奥利维亚的鱼鳍康妮会理解，但是奥利维亚的人类躯干冰冷如尸体，这有点令人不适。
tr	O	哈里斯抓住了她一条优美的腿，并且她假装倒回泳池里。
tr	I	It was not attached to the other but there was a cord around one leg .
tr	O	韦斯顿的一边嘴角上扬了，并且接着他的嘴巴咧开成一个大大的笑容。
tr	I	Dark murky clouds hung low in the sky , and hundreds of ravens circled in the gloomy haze above the towers .
tr	I	It is too late but I turn the wheel .
tr	I	One seemed to follow the other , knowing where they would try to strike next and they were graceful in their movements .
tr	O	巴托里打了个响指，并且那只狼抛弃了内特。
tr	O	一切都很好，并且他们幸福地生活在一个边境上的波兰小镇。
tr	O	他的动作让我摇晃不已，但是我拒绝尖叫。
tr	O	她的手指在键盘上飞舞，并且她很快就得到了她想要的。
tr	I	We 're all slaves in a way , but yeah I was a slave to Hawk .
tr	O	他抢了我的话，但是契特没有等我提问。
tr	I	They have a house in the neighbouring city but Uncle Tommy practically lives here for his wife .
tr	I	The warning in his eyes bore some weight in her decision , but normally she wouldn 't even pause to think .
tr	I	There are no pieces missing , and it fits perfectly .
tr	O	杰斯走向了吧台，并且金姆陷进了对面的座位。
tr	I	He rolled his eyes at me , and I meant the last part to be said flippantly .
tr	O	屠杀者们已经知道太多了，并且他们不容易被杀死。
tr	O	他将蓝眼睛固定在她身上，嘴唇准备好反驳，但是他看到了她脸上的真诚。
tr	I	Before I could press call the door from outside flew open but I pressed 911 into my phone .
tr	I	Most of it had been aimed at himself and he had been uncharacteristically negative the last month .
tr	O	她当然十七岁时就爱上了他，并且十年后，她根本不认识他了。
tr	I	Some of the happiness that comes from drinking too fast begins to fade , replaced with a faint sense of shame , and my head spins .
tr	O	头顶的暖气让我保持温暖，但是酒精让我的兄弟们更暖和。
tr	I	With all this secrecy , I was dying to find out , but I had no idea what their costumes were going to be .
tr	O	她值得他同等的信任，并且他辜负了她。
tr	I	Their conversation sounded far away , but she could hear people talking .
tr	I	They began to walk down a narrow passageway , and Levi led them around a corner .
tr	I	Amanda grabbed his arm , but Nick started out after him .
tr	O	苏珊听到一个声音回答他时皱起了眉，但是她听不清任何字眼。
tr	O	从那里我们被分成了练习小组，并且小组组长是从高年级学生中选出的。
tr	O	你一整天都在责怪自己，而且我受够了。
tr	I	She didn 't say anything but she could see the deeper lines of pain that had formed around her friend 's mouth .
tr	O	当他们看到两名嫌疑犯双手抱头时，他们看起来有点困惑，并且他们并非是唯一感到困惑的人。
tr	I	I notice the lack of stars in the sky , and the sun has set a few hours ago .
tr	O	电话响了四次，并且鲍勃发誓每次响铃都比前一次长了十秒。
tr	I	It was a matter of survival , but there was a sense of adventure as well as fear mixed together .
tr	O	她的手没有放在臀部，但是她眼中的神情表明她的手随时可能落到那里。
tr	I	She saw the gunman at the same time as he did , but Chad reached forward to push Bree back to the ground .
tr	O	詹金斯突然警觉起来，并倾身对着电话。
tr	I	Dr. Rhodes had the most beautiful blue eyes , but I didn 't notice it the day before .
tr	O	警卫咆哮着，但是塔姆却毫不在意。
tr	O	她推开他的胸膛，并且他能看出她对自己之前所做的事情感到羞愧。
tr	O	这都发生得太快了，并且我从未看清他的脸。
tr	I	He didn 't want it , but a spot within the low stone enclosure waited for him .
tr	I	Everyone began to move to their assigned seats , and the head server announced dinner .
tr	I	Even my stomach is saying it needs something , and I was the one who threw up at the site .
tr	I	Isobel pulled in a deep breath but Julian tipped up his chin again .
tr	I	He now had to brave it out , and I think the words had slipped out of Henry 's unguarded mind .
tr	O	我有点紧张，担心我身体会有问题，并且改变会变得不可能。
tr	I	No one was there , but it looked as though someone was dribbling a phosphorescent ping-pong ball against the wall .
tr	I	A big man appeared and the front door opened .
tr	O	我们花了48天横渡大西洋，并且我将永远不会忘记它们！
tr	I	I sure wasn 't going to bother wasting my time taking her for a walk on the beach afterwards , and she had no information .
tr	O	微笑消失了，并且他的目光变得坚定起来。
tr	I	We weren 't yet close enough for me to tell , but I wasn 't sure if there were windows .
tr	I	She hoped he 'd continue to do so , and James played a huge part in her life .
tr	O	他没有重新装弹，但是这无关紧要。
tr	O	它不应该这样，但是它确实如此。
tr	O	当你抛弃我时，你向我展示了部分真相，但是这个小男孩却让我面对自己。
tr	I	It dawned on me that if he kept this up , I wouldn 't recognize him without it , and he was still wearing the Hawaiian hat .
tr	O	想到这很痛苦，但是我认为他想研究我。
tr	O	她写了关于失去贞操的事情，但是令我万分惊讶的是，那不是和韦斯顿。
tr	O	男人们走过街道，并且他从藏身之处跳了出来。
tr	I	He 's an instigator and Pat is our first baseman for the Bulldogs .
tr	I	With a cool breeze in the air it had a cooling effect on the burning wound but Delilah expected his saliva to be warm .
tr	O	他感觉到她的身体紧绷，但是她没有抽开。
tr	I	Whispers of words surround me and I turn to face him .
tr	O	贾里德把纸递给我，并且我因那畸形的怪物而退缩。
tr	O	他们中的几个落在了基兰的桌上，并且我观察到他读完每份后的得意笑容。
tr	I	He wanted to be like God or this angel wanted to be God .
tr	O	以诺兄弟把门甩开，并且她走了进去，当厚重的门在她身后砰地关上时，她稍稍瑟缩了一下。
tr	I	He 's basically a loner , but I think he likes me .
tr	O	我毫不犹豫地这样做了，并且他用手指梳理我的头发。
tr	O	他确实径直看着她，但是她知道自己对他来说是隐形的。
tr	O	之后他沉默不语，直视前方，并且他脸上紧绷的肌肉慢慢放松了。
tr	O	首先让他们看到她，并且然后她就能让他们听从！
tr	I	She wasn 't the only schoolgirl sporting exotic hair colours but I thought Alexa would stand out with her dyed red hair .
tr	O	她当时并不认识我，但是 我能看出她会觉得那很有趣。
tr	I	He angled my face for deeper contact , and his hands tangled in my hair .
tr	I	My cynical side was just fine , thanks , but the rest of me might be walking wounded .
tr	I	Now it was too late to stop it , and he 'd let it go too far .
tr	I	All I could see were hundreds upon hundreds of darkened trees , and the highway was gone .
tr	I	Some of them lead here and there are doors between worlds .
tr	I	Ethan wasn 't as completely sure of them as he was of Bartholomew , but the other Spiritual Guides stood behind him , too .
tr	I	Ethan didn 't know that , but maybe she wasn 't really married to Nate .
tr	I	The others fall in behind him , and one of them strides toward us .
tr	I	Antonietta obediently scratched his silky ears , and Celt pushed his nose into her palm .
tr	O	我们会尽可能地向你简报，但是 大部分情况下你得靠自己。
tr	O	她当然熟记那些歌词，并且 她现在听到它们在她脑海中回响。
tr	I	It got really cold and the sky turned dark .
tr	I	They were filled with the promise of death ... and they literally swirled with a hazy silver color .
tr	I	There were more here than that , but I 'd been expecting to see the three missing Australians , as well as the seventeen from the UK .
tr	O	我可以给你看证据，但是 那得以后再说。
tr	O	他知道自己在对着电话大喊，但是 他不在乎。
tr	O	他全身都在努力让自己的嘴闭上，但是 他忍不住。
tr	I	His heart raced , but the breath stalled in his lungs .
tr	O	她非常想和古老的伊芙琳说话，但是 古老的伊芙琳还在中风恢复中。
tr	I	Fenrir growled even louder , and Sylvia whispered to me .
tr	O	她认识他已经十五年了，并且 她仍然不明白四年前发生了什么。
tr	O	赫德森的嘴唇压向我的，并且我感觉到他舌尖触碰我的嘴唇。
tr	O	我盯着，对她舌头的出现感到惊讶，并且她咯咯地笑了。
tr	I	Still another racking sob escaped Mairi , but thanks to Drake 's letter , she knew now that - She inhaled deeply .
tr	O	他很生气比利如此鲁莽，但是他也生气我们没有报警。
tr	O	我喜欢这个类比，但是我不同意你。
tr	O	咖啡喝完了，并且我的肚子咕咕叫。
tr	O	我今晚比任何时候都想躺在他身边，但是我不能。
tr	I	My face hurt too much , but I tried to eat .
tr	I	I went with them , looking at the depressing wasteland and visions of hell flashed in my head .
tr	I	I was suddenly grateful my grandfather was also the principal of this school and Kiran was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	他仍然能感觉到她的气场弥漫在房间里，但是它正在迅速减弱。
tr	O	她感觉自己最近经历了一场生死攸关的局面，并且最糟糕的是她没有成功。
tr	O	他再次喵了一声，最后带有一丝嚎叫，但是那个打开他窗户的人没有醒来。
tr	I	It would have to wait until morning , but she had to find a new hobby .
tr	O	我的沉默证明了他的观点，并且他知道这一点。
tr	O	米迦对她说了些什么，但是她径直从他身边走过。
tr	I	If she 's really as great as you say she is , it 's worth it , but it might be hard .
tr	O	那种需求召唤着我，并且我必须回应它。
tr	I	It could get her friend in trouble with Cain , but she had half a mind to take Anna to the caves .
tr	O	我的胃已经恢复了，摆脱了所有影响我的东西，并且我的头脑很清醒。
tr	O	它还没有被整理好，并且有几十页是寄给不同的人的。
tr	O	这种拒绝深入骨髓，并且他不确定为什么。
tr	I	She 's really great and she 's from California .
tr	O	我们第二次做爱了，并且当萨凡纳终于睡着的时候，我发现自己盯着她看。
tr	I	I revved up the engine , and we all took our seats in the truck .
tr	I	He would lay waste to everything and he was the god of war .
tr	I	I 'm hoping this one will have your eyes and I have never had a baby before .
tr	I	Then I remember I 'm wearing a stupid hat , but I try to push a hand through my hair .
tr	O	当他离开时，她喘不过气，而且嘴唇都肿了。
tr	O	凯恩小跑过来，尾巴高高翘起，但是他一定立刻感到了围绕他伙伴的沉重气氛。
tr	O	他们上去了两层楼，但是起初似乎没有尽头。
tr	I	I didn 't bother to hide my grin , and it was a gratifying sight .
tr	I	She was past the point of cooling down and he 'd been sending those sizzling glances her way for three hours .
tr	O	给他钱可能会解决问题，但是她不相信特洛伊值得信任。
tr	I	Grace fell back a step , and Josh pushed to his feet .
tr	O	她非常虚弱，并且他鄙视软弱。
tr	O	一个我不认识的孩子随便问我的名字，这似乎有点奇怪，但是我还是把名字告诉了他。
tr	I	The other seemed to be afraid , and one was doing a lot of talking .
tr	O	他听起来很恼火，并且我咧嘴笑了。
tr	O	他可以简单地追踪到小屋，但是她可能不在，可能在那片广阔森林的任何地方。
tr	O	有点令人应接不暇，但是突然我听到身后有人叫我的名字。
tr	I	He was disappointed it was a closed casket , but Dave wasn 't sure why .
tr	I	The logs seem to be coming faster at me than I hit it , yet the motion of slowness does not come this time .
tr	O	不要靠近，否则我就开枪打她。
tr	I	I slid back in and as if he were reading my mind , Weir changed the RV 's gears .
tr	I	It was important , and there was something she still hadn 't said to him .
tr	I	Our relationship had been my only experience of a red-hot romance , and I 'd dated Arthur for months after the investigation was over .
tr	I	Each night she was treated to the brooding masterpiece that was his music and she watched Gage perform .
tr	O	反叛者下颌的肌肉在抽动，并且他的牙齿狂躁地颤抖着。
tr	I	I played the messages , and the phone was blinking red .
tr	O	我大腿间的一条腿将我向上拉，并且我磨动着我的臀部，在坚硬如石的大腿上摩擦着自己。
tr	I	He drives through and a gate lifts .
tr	O	我们非常爱他，并且你无法想象我们是多么为他感到恐惧。
tr	I	He decided he 'd best back off , and Fire danced in her eyes .
tr	I	Cyd was there and I went backstage to his dressing room to congratulate him .
tr	O	伯恩斯需要签署这最后的文件，并且调往巴尔的摩的转移就最终确定了。
tr	O	马特知道他新朋友的名字，并且他知道如何使用互联网。
tr	I	She had too many questions to linger , but her mind reeled .
tr	O	亚历克斯带着球从两名擒抱者之下脱身，但是裁判没有发出任何信号。
tr	O	他的脸上没有皱纹，并且他的皮肤没有晒黑。
tr	O	做了介绍，并且罗伯特把他们带到了会议室。
tr	O	艾米莉亚全身冰冷，并且她恐惧地转过身。
tr	I	The rain blew in sideways and wind dragged hair across her face .
tr	O	我这辈子猎杀过很多怪物，并且有一件事总是一样的，最终我总是赢了。
tr	O	他汗湿着衬衫向前倾着，但是空调的温度一点也不热。
tr	I	Not having enough money and going to buy something !
tr	I	Like the first two , this one has been emptied as well , and this is the third bank -- third bank that I 've been .
tr	I	His silver white hair almost blended in with the white haze , and his nearly blue eyes stared straight ahead .
tr	O	肾上腺素开始流遍我的全身，并且我知道我的末日到了。
tr	I	She knew that and she had touched a nerve there .
tr	O	听起来她好像把问题抛给了查尔斯，但是这实际上是个反问句，她伸手去拿那对礼品包装的望远镜。
tr	I	I would never be able to forgive myself or I had to tell him how I felt .
tr	I	There they remained , motionless , and the explosion knocked all three crewmembers on the deck to their backs .
tr	O	屋子里的气氛越来越紧张，并且我开始担心它会让我窒息。
tr	O	她的头向前靠在他的肩膀上，并且他把下巴搁在她的头发上。
tr	I	I craved the freedom that the woods gave me and it had been a long , tiring day .
tr	I	The third was poured for Michael , and the second was poured for Amber .
tr	O	地面变得平坦了，并且一小时后，他们发现自己身处另一条小溪旁。
tr	O	艾莉紧紧抓住我，并且我扶着她，不让她摔倒。
tr	O	所有中情局的信息都来自一个人，罗伯特·斯旺森，并且它们是几个月前开始的。
tr	O	公寓门开了，并且迪恩向主人打招呼。
tr	O	我把背包甩到肩上，并且我们三人开始行走。
tr	O	我之前不确定这到底是谁的责任，但是它现在是阿尔伯特叔叔庞大的一部分。
tr	I	He wouldn 't accept , and he wouldn 't understand .
tr	O	他的手臂从后面抱住我，并且他的嘴唇靠近了我的耳朵。
tr	I	Grateful to know Mr. Worthington was all right - but I was surely unhappy to hear that Mr. Lucas was hurt .
tr	O	它在经过路灯下时减慢了速度，并且我看到了他。
tr	I	Once it gets dark , I will have been here for more than twenty-four hours , and 11 Ira It is now Sunday afternoon .
tr	O	22无法回答，但是她脸颊的潮红就是他的答案。
tr	I	Patrick was silent , but Patrick 's skin showed the same painful symptoms .
tr	O	科尔顿的世界似乎要陷入黑暗，但是他努力保持清醒。
tr	O	他的拇指抚摸着我的手掌，并且我感到一阵眩晕，强烈到我踉跄后退。
tr	O	大多数时候我会说他们最想要的是利润，但是有时在我看来他们更想要一件事。
tr	I	I never want it to end and this is the best thing I 've ever felt .
tr	O	槌子重重落下，并且全体观众鼓掌。
tr	O	现在我没有所有细节，但是我知道有事情正在发生。
tr	O	斯科蒂带回了咖啡，但是没有帮助。
tr	O	距离月亮变圆和在这具人类身体的最后时刻都只剩下几分钟了，他想起了妮基。
tr	O	我本该坚持多开一会儿车，但是妈妈坚持了。
tr	I	The last of the staff had just left and bakeries weren 't known for evening traffic .
tr	I	They do not know what they do , but I think they can block me too .
tr	O	汽车没有动，并且女孩独自在里面。
tr	I	I bet you don 't either , and I don 't know where he works .
tr	O	他不想与她分离，但是他想让她尽快离开女巫集会，回到阳光下。
tr	O	那紧实的抓握感非常完美，并且他在那一刻知道他永远也无法对她感到满足，即使他活到永远也不行。
tr	I	I quickly excused myself to get changed and she rested her head on his shoulder .
tr	O	我不认为艾琳是对的，但是我对此什么也没说。
tr	I	She ignored the dangerous warmth that settled in the center of her heart , but his low words seemed to echo deep inside her .
tr	O	一只虫子正在他的手臂上爬行，并且还有几只在他的胸口。
tr	O	我伸出双手，嘴唇发出轻柔的声音，但是我无能为力。
tr	I	He lingered longer than his allotted three minutes , and the shower behind the scuba shop was warm .
tr	O	我在想，如果你愿意，你可以到海滩来，并且你可以在我冲浪的时候晒太阳。
tr	I	It still wouldn 't break but he tried kicking it again .
tr	I	Some were spread farther out as if isolated in that particular part of the world and some of the pins were clustered together in large clumps .
tr	I	Highly annoyed I had come in at the last minute ... and they were all rush , rush .
tr	O	又闪过一道橙光，并且蓝色的东西随着灌木丛中的动静再次增加而旋转着回到了视线中。
tr	I	My arms feel tingly and he still makes my heart flutter .
tr	I	She did her best to send him a telepathic message , and he looked down at her .
tr	O	他问我昨天发生了什么，并且我觉得我欠他一个真相。
tr	O	这是漫长的一天，并且我需要一个好觉。
tr	O	他们保留了足够的资金来支付开销，但是他们让我把其余的钱存入我的账户。
tr	O	他的左腿断了，并且他的肺部被刺穿了。
tr	O	我可能说得太多了，但是现在已经无法收回了。
tr	I	The person need never know that I was there , and for the most part it can be painless .
tr	I	I willed myself to stop and my fingers were drumming on the console .
tr	I	We were silent again and I nodded .
tr	O	她从未游过泳，但是那个热水浴缸很诱人。
tr	O	伊恩失踪已经三天了，而且哈里特心急如焚。
tr	O	这简直让人难以承受，但是情况变得更糟了。
tr	I	It would mean a lot , and it 's your first time .
tr	I	It had to stop , and somehow my mind tended to process things a lot slower whenever I was around him .
tr	I	When they were close enough , she pointed , and she waved them closer , still shushing them .
tr	I	He began to speak and Josh looked at me .
tr	O	警方从他们那里取证后，朱利安送她回了家，并且她尽力不去想这件事。
tr	O	我不知道它是怎么到那里的，但是我会在找到吉姆的地址后，晚些时候处理它。
tr	O	我希望我没有提前知道这件事，但是它让我避免爱上错误的人。
tr	I	It was the first time I 'd seen her fierceness and the word ' hell ' coming out of her mouth was odd .
tr	I	He was exhausted , and they had been running from the trackers for nearly a week .
tr	I	There were disagreements on several of the points made in the paper , and the discussion was animated .
tr	O	手术花了一段时间，但是最终，罗姆的胃部尺寸略有缩小。
tr	O	我从他身边溜过，并且他关上了门。
tr	O	我想起了我翻阅过的文件，但是没有医院的名字引起我的注意。
tr	O	我可能不认识他们，但是 我仍然感到内疚。
tr	O	他长得简直帅得惊人，并且 他眼中那戏谑的光芒再次提醒我，我是他选择的人。
tr	O	他话不多，但是 他非常听从指示。
tr	O	别无他法度过难关，并且 我必须完成它。
tr	I	Everyone will know what I 've studied , and release the key on this thumb drive .
tr	O	那时胡安妮塔还只是个孩子，但是 她记得那条消息。
tr	O	我的心跳加速了，并且 我咽了口水。
tr	I	He always asked for more , but at first I thought it might be too silly for a busy man .
tr	O	当我试图站起来时，凯尔踢了我的肋骨，并且 我发出了咕哝声。
tr	I	I didn 't , but I expected to feel the hot wave of jealousy when Daemon hugged her .
tr	O	他的表情变得惊讶，然而 我感觉到他的担忧并未减轻。
tr	I	His arms loosen from around me and James swallows hard .
tr	I	That 's a weak word , and yes , I like him .
tr	O	这匹种马对它的脚特别挑剔，并且只有A.J.被允许为它清理蹄子。
tr	I	I had known there were some at prop 603 and every mine shaft has spare props in case of collapse .
tr	I	I bring the snowmobile to a halt on the other side of the road , and the skis scrape across the pavement .
tr	O	记忆是结构，或者结构是记忆。
tr	O	我知道她对他迷恋得很深，但是当她在他身边时，她表现得很冷静。
tr	I	His throat worked as if he 'd swallowed , and his brilliant blue stare focused on her stomach .
tr	I	I felt a little like my old self , and I was content , warm .
tr	I	He had always done that , but he wrote in his ledgers .
tr	O	我们一直努力保守这个秘密，但是最近有必要将它的存在透露给你的朋友安·罗杰斯。
tr	I	I don 't see what 's funny and Marionette laughs .
tr	O	她现在想那么做，但是这次经历使她变得更加谨慎。
tr	I	At least I wasn 't suffering , but I wouldn 't go so far as to say that I was happy .
tr	O	这让我汗毛直立，并且她笑了。
tr	I	He smiled and she nodded .
tr	O	天气很好，并且海上航行的无聊很快成为大多数乘客的问题。
tr	O	我伸手去拿那个地址，但是他猛地抽回了手。
tr	O	它们在草原上是相当罕见的，并且她觉得自己非常幸运能让它们离得这么近。
tr	O	我本该预料到这一点，然而我没料到他是那种会在囚犯伤口上撒盐的看守。
tr	O	这会很难，但是至少他们拥有彼此。
tr	I	I didn 't give in to the urge to turn around , but I could feel Dean stiffening behind me .
tr	O	杰克沮丧地说，并且我咬紧了牙关。
tr	O	他本想让那成为一个伟大的浪漫举动，并且过去几周对他来说，等待这本书的发行简直是煎熬。
tr	O	他们以前抓过她一次，并且她险些没能保住性命。
tr	I	That 's how it always was when you needed to get somewhere important , but the bus ride seemed to take forever .
tr	O	我甚至整理了我的房间，但是没有什么能让我筋疲力尽。
tr	O	我与我的下属单位指挥官进行了协商，并且他随后与后方车辆中的另一名军官进行了私人交谈。
tr	O	我不像爸爸那样在乎钱，但是也许那只是因为它一直都在。
tr	I	It still faces the planet , but the window is smaller .
tr	I	Then I 'm out in the freezing night , and I pass a couple more uniformed door staff .
tr	I	I didn 't want to remember , and I didn 't want to care .
tr	I	He latches on , and I hold my hand out .
tr	O	她肯定想去看他，并且那会是浪费时间。
tr	I	A silence ensued , and I sat down .
tr	I	On the opposite side the countertops seemed to need to be wiped off , and there were beer cans on all of the tables .
tr	O	你以为自己是某种女王，但是实际上那都只是一种诡计。
tr	I	It stares back at him and he stares at the cat .
tr	O	她看着销售员把找零给他，并且他们又出去了。
tr	O	我已经回顾了每一个时刻，并且我本应该闻到那个怪胎的气味。
tr	O	他英俊的脸庞柔和下来，并且他捧住了她的脸颊。
tr	O	信使跑到院子里的卫队队长那里，并且那个人转向仆人时点了点头。
tr	O	浓烈的酒味伴随着他，并且我感到不安开始在我心里扎根。
tr	O	他能笑，但是他的笑声中总带着一丝苦涩。
tr	O	他开始移动，并且我随他而动，呻吟着，迷失在体内涌动的全新感官浪潮中。
tr	I	I could see the cabbie latched in his seatbelt , hanging awkwardly , and Everything was upside down .
tr	O	我把手放在他的背上，但是他一动不动。
tr	I	I was in amazement and the wind then died around me .
tr	I	Something inside him tightened another notch , and all directed at easing his pain .
tr	O	他站在那根细长的木柱后面，并且现在他能听到她凄凉的哭喊声。
tr	I	It 's a start , but France isn 't really far enough .
tr	O	我在颤抖，并且这与寒冷无关。
tr	I	The way that that leg had crumpled meant that the bone was shattered , but he 'd been shot in the thigh .
tr	I	She didn 't move , but she went still .
tr	O	布拉德透过他浓密的眉毛向上看，并且他的脸上绽开一个大大的笑容。
tr	I	I 'd ordered wine and Marcus had ordered water .
tr	O	她不想对他表现出任何软弱，但是这很困难，因为他的行为方式很陌生。
tr	I	He captured her hands in his and she reached out into the darkness .
tr	I	I got ta get back as soon as I get there and there 's some sickness goin ' on .
tr	O	数月以来她一直渴望他的触碰，并且现在他正在满足她。
tr	I	What I did not get was why the Masons were here at all , but I could have had time to prepare .
tr	I	Everyone flinched and Stein was horrified .
tr	O	他喉咙里的紧绷感放松了，并且他感激地咽了下去。
tr	I	The slightest touch to his abdomen sent Sam jerking away in pain and the stethoscope moved to Sam 's stomach .
tr	O	帐篷里足够暖和，但是艾莉还是止不住地发抖，即使米娜蜷缩在她身边。
tr	O	已经是下午两点了，并且他还没有吃午饭。
tr	O	一句恶毒的咒骂从我口中冒出，并且我茫然地凝视着空荡荡的道路。
tr	I	We stare at the Chevelle poster on my ceiling and she lies on the bed next to me .
tr	O	有点令人不安，但是我没有太在意。
tr	O	我们一起走到外面，并且我感到很奇怪，尤其是当他把手放在我手上的时候。
tr	I	I do try to look for the good in people but I wouldn 't say I was exactly the happy-go-lucky type .
tr	O	琪拉能感觉到他的欲望与他的荣誉感在搏斗，并且她希望他的荣誉感会输。
tr	I	I 'll have no choice or you get him following orders .
tr	O	只有凡人中独特之人才能被赐予永生，并且在执行该行为之前必须寻求批准。
tr	O	昨天我还能够和内尔玩口头文字游戏，但是今天那种能力却消失了。
tr	O	我的头发在脑后挽成一个髻，并且我的脸上没有化妆。
tr	I	Her face relaxed , and the red color faded away .
tr	O	我们出现在我父母的房子里，而且妈妈已经在等着了。
tr	O	这是他一生中能回忆起来的第一个错误，而且他对自己很不满意。
tr	O	我把它拿到脸前仔细看，但是它真的只是一块石头。
tr	O	她环顾四周，并且我们都点了点头。
tr	O	生命是一个谜，而且它并没有附带一个简洁的小公式供我们套用。
tr	O	是因为我她才有所保留，而且我不知道我是否能修复它。
tr	I	Maybe England 's too and you are de Stafford 's heir .
tr	O	他的目光依然冰冷，但是那份坚硬的棱角软化了。
tr	O	看着瑞亚那样消失很奇妙，但是这让她说的话显得更加真实。
tr	O	他悄无声息地死了，并且我把他安置在桌上，仿佛他只是因为喝多了而昏倒了。
tr	O	洛莉对科技并不真正感兴趣，但是她知道它有它的用处。
tr	O	我仍在开玩笑，但是我的脸颊因恭维而泛红了。
tr	O	摄像机有回放功能，并且迪恩应警长的要求为他播放了录像。
tr	I	I giggled and he swore .
tr	O	她会认为这意味着他对我来说很特别，并且这会让她更乐意把他切成碎片。
tr	I	Always she received the same reply , no matter that each of her opponents was different , and always she asked .
tr	I	This time , none of them spilled over , but tears once again moistened her eyes .
tr	O	克莱尔说完了，并且她的自尊心那时肯定受到了打击。
tr	O	她无法匹敌吸血鬼的力量，但是她可以匹敌他的狡猾。
tr	O	显然他们没有，而且他也不打算从远处向她解释。
tr	I	With that motion it lunged at her and she placed her full attention on it .
tr	O	到了每月一次的码头工人联合会会员大会时间，并且布罗迪认识所有人。
tr	I	He failed , but he tried his best to get an arrow into the chest of the vampire while it was in the air .
tr	O	外面有一个巨大的奇幻世界，而且我被困在这里。
tr	O	他举起了抹布，并且我们的目光相遇了。
tr	O	艾薇知道这一点，但是她仍然在附近徘徊。
tr	I	The pine needles were all aligned , as if the slumbering animal had pine needles for fur , and the ground was warm , too .
tr	I	Mamma refused to let him see her , but Raoul had delivered the managers ' message .
tr	O	蒸汽冒出，但是没有火焰噼啪作响。
tr	I	None had joined them , but all had been polite .
tr	O	一只手本能地开始伸向我头顶上的墨镜，但是我停了下来，想要给她一个清白的机会。
tr	O	火车减速停了下来，并且艾比感到一股兴奋涌上心头。
tr	O	前门吱呀一声开了，并且威尔走了进来，鼻梁上架着一副深色太阳镜。
tr	O	杰克盯着他朋友的眼睛看了一会儿，并且两人都知道没有必要为那笔钱感谢安德鲁。
tr	I	She turned her back while I wrapped it around my waist and I reached out for the towel .
tr	O	她凝视着海登英俊的脸庞，并且他魅力的全部力量击中了她。
tr	O	这个吻感觉很好，但是她知道这只是达到目的的一种手段。
tr	O	那激起了他的兴趣，但是他没有机会提问。
tr	O	格兰特的妻子离开了，并且我们结婚了。
tr	O	亨特先生张开嘴想说话，但是邦尼举手制止了他。
tr	O	本来就没什么好结束的，但是我告诉伦敦我们不打算合作。
tr	I	She wasn 't going to argue with it , and the whole storm had given up its will to live .
tr	O	天色已晚，而且大卫知道该休息了，他只是实在没有意志力起身。
tr	O	那股力量让我后退了几步，并且那个男孩前进了。
tr	I	Heisenberg took off just in time to avoid him , but johannes dove for the platform 's moving support .
tr	I	Children are in dorms , and parents are on one side of the caves in their own rooms .
tr	I	Maybe it was the hair , or Dave had reacted to her looks .
tr	O	他的眉毛挑了起来，并且他在原地挪动了一下，紧张感又回到了他身上。
tr	O	我听起来很沮丧，而且我只能希望自己听起来不像是在自怜。
tr	O	到了那时我们已经在那里待了五分钟了，并且尽管我感到害怕，但我从没想过我们会因此被抓。
tr	O	约翰尼英勇地把我的海员箱搬回禁闭室，并且我把我的东西放进去了，这很令人满意。
tr	I	She followed Christine around the house like a puppy , and she had a blanket she carried with her everywhere .
tr	I	I was sick to my stomach , and my head hurt for days afterward .
tr	O	四个女孩就在那时走进了餐厅，并且萨姆·弗兰奇就是其中之一。
tr	I	Her brother 's too , but addresses , not just hers .
tr	O	我什么也没说，但是 我感觉到匕首从鞘中滑出。
tr	O	我们身处城市上方，然后 我看到了闪光。
tr	O	她本意是好的，但是 露西不明白她的感受。
tr	I	Him , without any guarantees and she would be traveling a very long distance just to meet his family .
tr	I	Her pupils widened and her lashes fluttered .
tr	I	He thought it might be spiritual , but he didn 't know what she meant by the ' inside ' .
tr	I	Right now I need you more , but yes , I need sustenance .
tr	I	I had laughed in relief and those feelings of anticipation returned .
tr	O	艾薇抬头看了我一眼，并且 她灿烂的笑容又回来了。
tr	O	地狱的野兽已被释放，并且 我们必须做好准备。
tr	I	The second time , he kissed me , but I had kissed Victor the first time .
tr	O	我说话时，与利亚姆目光相接，并且 他眼神的强烈让我知道他了解凯尔文的事。
tr	O	我试着放出一些绳索，但是 松弛的部分没有被收紧。
tr	O	一名警官，弗雷德·约翰逊中尉，很少讲故事，但是 他却对他们的故事发笑。
tr	I	She felt herself grow warm , and he gently patted her hand .
tr	O	她轻敲上唇，并且她的目光扫过斯特凡。
tr	I	We walked side by side down the tunnel and I nodded .
tr	O	这些问题远超一生，并且我走进来，让你的存在更加复杂！
tr	I	They were lying eyes , but his eyes were hard .
tr	I	No one had answered , but they had called out .
tr	I	He turned and the creaking of a grate from behind him broke Donny 's observation .
tr	I	They did feature a vampire , but they weren 't nightmares where I relived Jackal kidnapping me .
tr	O	孤独的老鼠正在衰老，并且他意识到自己错过了没有伴侣的任何前景。
tr	O	我的即时康复未来会花费一大笔钱，但是，是的，我是。
tr	O	大卫听到后，他知道这种力量的价值，并且尽管玛莲娜在那里要消灭他们，他还是下令再次攻击。
tr	O	他整个下午都在检查，但是这总是提醒他，当调查准备好时，他就会得到通知。
tr	I	There was no use telling that to them , but it wasn 't going to work .
tr	I	It could also mean she was in even greater danger than we thought , but that option sounded better to my ego .
tr	O	我记得你奶奶以前给我看过他们的一幅旧肖像，并且这种相似之处相当吓人。
tr	I	Later we found out it had changed domains to outside the US , but I was surprised the website was even still up .
tr	O	他的头低垂着，并且他温暖的呼吸轻抚着我的脖颈。
tr	I	I could tell it really made Jack think , and I ask .
tr	I	I wondered if she was looking for her father , and Melanie scanned the crowd .
tr	O	一条路形成了，并且Kiran被允许进入，没有与任何人发生肢体接触。
tr	O	他正在和她争执，并且他坐在轮椅上。
tr	O	公司里的人在座位上挪动了一下，并且Violet插话改变了话题。
tr	I	Players don 't change , and he 's a player .
tr	I	It didn 't move again , but they looked at the flickering .
tr	O	这不会是为了我所抛下的人，但是我会欢迎它。
tr	I	The picture became clear , and then Pop turned two knobs at once .
tr	I	I follow her silent instruction and she closed her eyes completely .
tr	I	The goblin dropped like a stone , and it met with a satisfying crack .
tr	I	He didn 't stop talking , but he shifted where he sat .
tr	I	I was again plunged into darkness and I dropped the match as the flame reached my fingers .
tr	O	图书馆的门关着，但是门把手立刻转动了。
tr	O	检察官们又一次哄堂大笑，但是这次只有他们自己。
tr	O	我无法解释，但是重要的是我...和他说话。
tr	I	Sibyl didn 't have any interest ( much to Mags 's everlasting chagrin ) but mags tried to help Sibyl channel this extraordinary power .
tr	I	This is the second time she has gotten involved in field work , but since then , mom has been promising to stay behind a desk .
tr	I	I remember what a mean , sadistic bully he was then , but he obviously didn 't recognize me .
tr	O	她浑身上下都是咬痕，但是她仍然给皮肤涂上驱虫剂。
tr	I	He knew it , and he wasn 't at all made in the mould of a medieval prince .
tr	I	He was too tired to think , but all the worries were swimming inside his head .
tr	I	All the guys fell all over her and she had the cheerleader Barbie body .
tr	I	I 'm paralyzed by the sight of him , but I should run .
tr	O	也许我会变成狼人，或者也许那会是他的灭亡。
tr	I	She had a good mouth on her , but she wasn 't anything like that voice .
tr	I	I screamed and I could feel the freezing cold drops splashing against my skin .
tr	O	我在这个世界上找到了一些纯真的东西，并且我想紧紧抓住它。
tr	I	He showed no signs of a reaction as he spotted their entwined hands , but Devon glanced briefly back at them .
tr	I	He just shook his head , but I looked up at him with frantic questions in my eyes .
tr	O	一股非常浓烈的香气弥漫着房间并模糊了感官。
tr	O	她的整个领域都依赖于此，但是她今天没有状况处理它。
tr	O	我感觉到山姆在我旁边颤抖，并且他闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	国王说说什么都没有意义，因为他们只会担心并且我们不知道发生了什么。
tr	O	我皮肤黝黑，并且他皮肤白皙。
tr	O	每个人都出来了，并且船长指出了他们应该去的方向。
tr	I	For a moment he worried about getting disoriented , and the pressure was greater the deeper he went .
tr	O	很多事情正在发生，并且其中很少有事情是说得通的。
tr	I	It also affirms to me that Kevin isn 't the bad guy , but I feel exposed .
tr	I	My temperature rose several degrees and my heart rate increased .
tr	I	The inhabitants of the house remained safe , but several cannon balls landed in the yard .
tr	O	他可以轻易地碾碎我，但是克里斯蒂安已成为我所欢迎的麻烦。
tr	O	一旦道路变宽，他回到我身边，我就松了一口气。
tr	I	He is eager to speak with you , and I 'm Monsieur Lapierre 's private secretary .
tr	I	Rachel 's entire body tingled with electricity , and Realization burst .
tr	O	新的知识使我们精神焕发，并且我们开始制定计划时几乎忘了食物。
tr	I	It felt like a scream , but her voice was barely a whisper .
tr	O	他们给他松绑，并且撒提尔1号给他倒了一大杯酒。
tr	I	It was difficult to maintain under the pressure of the massaging jets beating onto her back , but the stress was still there in her shoulders .
tr	I	During the year he 'd done some campus policing for spare cash and he 'd worked summers at the golf course .
tr	O	朱莉的房子里住着不同种类的跨物种人，但是朱莉从未见过拉米亚那样爬树。
tr	I	I felt the cool air upon the wetness he 'd left there and his kiss slowed to soft nibbles until he pulled his lips away .
tr	I	I can see the war happening in her mind but she remains silent .
tr	I	She leans forward to kiss me , and a sob escapes her throat .
tr	O	男人是弱者，并且女人必须约束他们。
tr	I	The sky darkened and the earth rumbled .
tr	O	那是她成长的方式，并且她感到自己更年轻，更柔和了。
tr	O	我提供了一份详细的陈述，并且法官已经有了，所以依我看，几乎没什么可争论的了。
tr	O	这个家伙过于自信，但是非但没有惹恼她，反而让她产生了兴趣。
tr	I	Lucas 's door was closed and the hall was empty .
tr	I	She remains quiet , but I wait for her to say something .
tr	I	He was temporarily by himself at the bar , and Jane had tottered off to the ladies ' .
tr	O	他示意男人们该走了，但是接着又停了下来，举起左手食指。
tr	O	他相信他必须不惜一切代价阻止预言，并且我那时才知道蒂安娜说的是实话。
tr	O	一轮满月悬挂在雾气上方，并且它让浓雾变得充满迷惑性的光亮。
tr	I	Instead he opened the door to a midnight blue Maserati , but Sara expected him to lead her to a limo outside .
tr	O	我单身一年了，而且我还在被甩。
tr	O	贾里德朝大厅望去，并且他的脸色因愤怒而变得阴沉。
tr	I	It had created a predictable response in him and he 'd seen desire flare in her eyes .
tr	I	We went for a long drive , and my parents threw me in the pickup .
tr	I	He wanted to impress the kids at school and Jackson wanted to please his parents .
tr	I	These Exiles were nothing , and he was the rightful son of the Empress .
tr	I	I guessed he 'd assured her we 'd return because she nodded once and he spoke to her in Bantu .
tr	I	The two exchanged a smile , and he caught Iris 's eye .
tr	O	他走上前，来到黑暗边缘那个沉默的哨兵身旁，并且弗罗多跟了上去。
tr	I	They stood like sentinels watching over the town below , and three large towers rose from its highest point .
tr	I	Grimshaw leant on his stick and I was holding on to the back of a seat .
tr	I	The soot had been ground into the fibers , and while it had once been white , it had been repeatedly used by novices cleaning the fireplaces .
tr	O	她再也看不见他了，但是她无法错认他的存在。
tr	I	It sounded like something I 'd like but I couldn 't quite picture it .
tr	I	That had never bothered Bri before , but sure they might tease her for her fluff pieces .
tr	I	She waves him over and they make eye contact .
tr	I	For now he would continue downward , but he could always retrace his steps .
tr	O	空气变冷了，并且丹尼尔紧紧抱住阿利斯泰尔给他的斗篷。
tr	I	That was not something that I had -- not for a direct confrontation anyway , and that would be pointless without any leverage to use against him .
tr	I	Her smile to Jeff showed it , and Sera was relieved .
tr	O	他举起一根两端都密封的长塑料管，并且凯特的胃又翻腾起来。
tr	O	嗯，我试着笑了笑，但是那感觉更像是一种痛苦的表情。
tr	O	她认识他不到四十八小时，而且他已经让她重新思考自己的人际关系了。
tr	O	门打开时他得以免于回答，但是柳儿还是忍不住想他会如何回答她的最后一个问题。
tr	I	I wasn 't upset , but I wanted to cry .
tr	O	每当我在他身边时我都感觉自己像个玩具，而且他似乎永远玩不腻那些和我玩的游戏。
tr	I	Everyone else had somewhere too , and Trish was teaming up with Lottie again .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to let her walk from the room and his normal cool was agitated .
tr	O	他手里拿着那个小黑盒子，并且他跪在了杰米面前。
tr	O	我也代表我的家族，功绩，并且我有我的骄傲。
tr	O	她可能不在里面，但是他必须检查所有地方。
tr	I	I have to be careful , but I have money saved up that Ivy doesn 't know about .
tr	O	也许那只是乐观，但是我宁愿选择它而非绝望。
tr	I	Here we were , waiting , coffee on the ground , but I had been exaggerating about expecting her to drop it .
tr	O	它并没有变得更大，但是它也没有变得更小。
tr	O	团体治疗没有起作用，而且催眠疗程根本没有起作用。
tr	I	He nodded as he sat on the arm of a chair and I glanced at Zayne .
tr	I	I always trusted my bones when it came to something as important as liberating treasure and I felt it within my bones .
tr	O	邓肯排队时会显得格格不入，但是乍一看，那些女孩跟我长得太像了。
tr	I	I sighed , and much looked down .
tr	I	I shoved my face in the pillow to escape his action even though I allowed his touch and he pulled my hair away from my shoulder .
tr	O	通常不需要，路上很少发生什么事，而且如果发生什么事，我们通常能商定由哪一方负责处理。
tr	I	I quit caring , and then Jack slid on top of me .
tr	I	I definitely didn 't recognize that harsh tone , and it had grown in intensity so much that I barely recognized him .
tr	O	他想远远地看着她，但是他强迫自己后退。
tr	I	Just as I recalled , she reminded me , and it took me a moment to place her .
tr	I	I was not but I thought I was dreaming .
tr	O	他的声音听起来很紧张，而且我责备自己让托林影响了我。
tr	O	我坐了起来，并且我的头晕眩。
tr	I	I wasn 't to blame , but I squeaked out possibly the stupidest question .
tr	I	I need more time to think , so for every step she takes forward , I take back , but she walks toward me again .
tr	O	诚然她认为这有点迷人，但是，她就是个怪胎。
tr	O	他的脚碰到了肩膀，并且她向后飞去，摔得如此之重，以至于她的肩膀发出一声令人作呕的嘎吱声后脱臼了。
tr	I	Maybe this was just as well , but Greg Disappointment fluttered in my stomach .
tr	O	在云层之间，她偶尔看到一道喷气式飞机尾迹，但是理智告诉她，它们来自驻扎在诺福克海军基地的飞机。
tr	I	His fingers rest on the edge of the purple mass , sending jolts through my body , and I pull my leg out of the water .
tr	O	起初我以为另一栋建筑着火了，但是相反，它似乎来自一系列受控的营火。
tr	O	信号灯已经变绿了，而且他却没有注意到。
tr	O	这里不那么拥挤，而且仍然是一个派对的好地方。
tr	I	If she died , at least she 'd die holding the man she loved , and whatever came would come .
tr	O	卢瑟的头歪向一边，并且他的下巴搭在她的肩上。
tr	O	坚硬的金属敲打着他的胸肌，并且他把它推了回去，口中呼着气。
tr	I	He said no and it 's not like I had asked him if he had a girlfriend .
tr	O	没必要引起不必要的注意，而且夜晚只有一丝凉意。
tr	O	他们跑着，但是对祖克来说已经感觉太慢了。
tr	I	She had the brief fantasy of sinking them into the curls at the nape of his neck and her fingers stopped twisting .
tr	I	I can 't get a fit , but it throws me off a bit , trying to match the voice to a picture in my head .
tr	I	I 'm sure I heard but voices sound like they 're coming from outside a womb .
tr	I	She sat in the dark , waiting , and the popcorn she 'd popped had gotten cold .
tr	I	He had no choice but he was afraid .
tr	I	I felt him start to get hard against my belly and he breathed in deeply .
tr	O	我已经从上次高潮中变得敏感，所以即使这样也让我的大脑一片空白。
tr	O	塔利已经把狂欢节的消息传开了，而且连特罗特似乎都在有目的地行动。
tr	O	过山车再次轰鸣起来，并且空气中充满了乘客的尖叫声。
tr	I	She was starting to think that it really couldn 't be , and it felt like home , although of course it wasn 't .
tr	I	The firepower compensated for the loss , but he missed the maneuverability .
tr	I	She looked at the ground and I swallowed hard .
tr	I	I countered it with mine , and he swung his sword .
tr	O	不知怎的，现在走起来似乎更容易了，并且活不下去的恐惧开始消退。
tr	O	他那时狠狠地盯着我，并且我能听到他声音中的决心。
tr	O	他的电话响了好几次，但是他没有接。
tr	O	通常她不会发表这样的评论，但是这些不是正常情况。
tr	O	莉莉丝会再次掌权，并且他们会面对她。
tr	O	他目光中的怀疑消退了，并且他几乎看起来松了一口气。
tr	O	那是一个女性的声音，像钟声一样，但是拥有巨大的权威。
tr	I	It wasn 't as though they could ask for volunteers , and they couldn 't experiment much on themselves without risk .
tr	O	我可能患有失忆症，但是连我也能看出来。
tr	O	萨凡纳的母亲仍然，嗯，是她的母亲，但是他们确实交换了脸颊吻。
tr	I	They would not see their parents again , and they would be leaving at dawn .
tr	O	他们习惯了听从她的领导，并且现在自然而然地会看向她。
tr	O	正是他们喝酒的时候，其中一人决定安排晚上的娱乐活动，并且囚犯们被迫屈服。
tr	I	His ankle was securely strapped and his bruised face was peaceful .
tr	O	消息已经传开，或者那只是接近事实的谣言。
tr	I	He despised the women he carried on with , and the difference was he didn 't enjoy it .
tr	I	She knew what he was saying and she took in a breath .
tr	O	另一名吸血鬼叫了一声，并且传来一阵笑声。
tr	O	我哥哥曾是海豹突击队员，但是他现在坐在轮椅上。
tr	O	我哥哥的眉毛皱了起来，但是他慢慢地摇了摇头。
tr	O	罗克的下巴紧绷着，并且脸上布满了专注的神情。
tr	I	We were clearly outnumbered , but our guns were bigger .
tr	I	He couldn 't just take Black 's word for it , and he had to know that the kids were really okay .
tr	I	The sudden silence spoke volumes , and I didn 't say anything .
tr	I	The air was always thick with humidity and rains fell more often .
tr	I	I think it 's awesome and you happen to be very electrical !
tr	I	She continues and everyone nods silently .
tr	O	你以为你可以死二十五次，并且这不会改变你吗？
tr	I	I realize I haven 't eaten today , and the smell of the grill hits me .
tr	O	飞机仍在滑行，但是凯文还是解开了安全带。
tr	O	我试图在夜里盯着他看，但是这很难，因为它很暗。
tr	I	I will scream or I need fresh air in my lungs .
tr	I	We approached our new car ; an old model that looked to be in well kept condition and Benny gestured to me .
tr	O	她笑了，并且我注意到她的目光落在我裤子的裤脚上，我的裤子又太短了。
tr	I	My eyes are too strained and it 's too dark .
tr	I	Now they did have a leader , and thirty all together .
tr	O	箭尖必须挖出来，并且伤口要放血。
tr	I	Her scent invaded his senses , and James felt every supple curve .
tr	O	我不愿那样突然袭击他，但是他需要知道。
tr	O	我扣动扳机时他转过身，并且他的脸上闪过一丝惊讶。
tr	I	A cascade of westbound signal towers turn green and unseen network controllers in Omaha instruct switching tracks ahead to slam into place .
tr	O	史蒂夫还在睡觉，并且三支蜡烛在房间里投下舞动的黄色图案。
tr	O	那样一来，生活在某种程度上会容易得多，但是那样一来，它也会夺走一切的乐趣。
tr	O	我是爱德华·斯坦，但是埃迪也很好。
tr	O	我敲了门，因为她的门是关着的，但是她叫我进去。
tr	I	Amica talking , and he found his mom .
tr	O	他交叉双臂放在胸前，并且他的血管在他的皮肤下清晰可见。
tr	O	他想给她一个选择，但是如果她不选择他，沙恩不确定他会怎么做。
tr	I	I instantly regretted it , and I 'd never really shot my mouth off in class before .
tr	O	黑色墨水开始褪色，但是我仍然能辨认出那些符文。
tr	I	Valeria was lying flat on the mat and the count went on .
tr	O	格蕾丝值得更好的对待，并且如果杰夫见过他，他就已经暴露了已婚男人的身份。
tr	O	这次审讯是不可避免的，但是这并没有让我减少丝毫紧张。
tr	O	闪电适时地在头顶劈啪作响，并且我紧张地跳了起来。
tr	O	诺姆几乎要松手了，然而他仍旧用一只手死死地抓住。
tr	O	争论在我们的族人中激烈进行着，并且我们希望我们的女性得到保护。
tr	O	他走近了一些，向我伸出手，仿佛他期望我能握住他的手，但是我没有动。
tr	I	She gasped , and when we were only a few feet away her eyes met mine .
tr	O	她知道，如果他当时没有抱着她，他就会去追丹妮，并且他就会杀了她。
tr	O	她已经两年多没听过他的声音了，但是她立刻就认出来了。
tr	O	她的肚子因为怀了另一个孩子而微微隆起，而且她从未如此美丽动人。
tr	I	Hands neatly folded in their laps , like they had done this plenty of times before and they sat unmoving , with legs crossed .
tr	O	那次创伤性事件让卡皮身心俱疲，并且他不得不被送回哈罗盖特。
tr	I	He didn 't want to lose the island either , but he didn 't want to leave Molly .
tr	I	He abandoned his general protest for the specific , but this explanation did not reconcile Riley at all .
tr	O	地板上还留着几张垫子，但是除此之外，一切都显得空荡荡的。
tr	O	移形者们在外面四处移动，但是屋里，格雷厄姆的房子很平静。
tr	I	He agreed to send me one full set and I said yes .
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her , but her face had no expression .
tr	O	赛斯朝我投来一个不友善的眼神，并且我无辜地回以一笑。
tr	O	最初待在走廊里让她头痛，但是过了一会儿她就没有注意到那些气味了。
tr	O	我现在可能没有任何记忆，但是我正在学习我非常擅长伪装。
tr	O	他们通过朝其方向开火做出反应，但是它无法锁定快速移动的鱼雷。
tr	O	我的头砰砰直跳，并且我感到恶心。
tr	I	There was not power on Earth that could have saved Elaine , but Chase was on his knees , vainly trying to staunch the bleeding .
tr	O	已经有一个黑发垂落脸庞的女孩，并且一个男孩紧随其后跳了进来。
tr	O	我看得出你不喜欢我在这里，但是我还是很想见诺亚。
tr	I	I grabbed the first one I could touch and we ran together , back to the center .
tr	I	Some will take you around forever and some threads will take you right to the end of the web .
tr	O	我眯起眼睛，并且警惕地照做。
tr	I	Instead all were bowed down , but nobody had touched him .
tr	O	晚上九点了，而且我突然间强烈地想见到她，即使只是远远地。
tr	I	There were no passersby , and such would only happen if the person was already unconscious .
tr	O	他碰了她的手臂，并且她转向了他。
tr	I	A sprightly young male smiled at me , and the door to the chamber swung open .
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安伤了杰斯，但是天火不知怎么地反噬到他身上。
tr	O	我又打了一下原木，并且同样的事情发生了，我用手狠狠地打它，眼泪夺眶而出。
tr	O	哈，并且他以为我专横。
tr	O	他出院已经两天了，而且到目前为止他只睡了大约三个小时。
tr	O	伊莎贝尔像用鞭子一样运用她的美貌，但是克莱丽根本不知道自己有多美。
tr	O	信号枪在我手里，并且我的手正指着她的胸口。
tr	O	他喉咙里发出了一声，并且她感到他的阴茎跳动。
tr	O	幸运的是，我的食物到了，或者我将无法活着讲述这个故事。
tr	I	I could tell it made him feel something , but I didn 't know how that made him feel .
tr	I	He kept it to himself but he had something to ask .
tr	I	Again , Lea wasn 't in favor of it , and Julie used the excuse that she was the one who invited Lea .
tr	O	当他们划桨时，是逆流而上，并且一半时间他们不确定该往哪个方向走。
tr	I	She knew evenings were a good time to get a hold of me to chat , and we kept in touch .
tr	I	Damn , I was nervous , but that was how a jump worked .
tr	O	艾吉故事的恐怖之处令人作呕，但是她感到一种病态的好奇心。
tr	I	I 'll do it mine and you do it your way .
tr	O	我能踢腿，并且我能动胳膊。
tr	O	然后他们准备将他收押，但是他却说服了他们改变主意。
tr	I	Emily could see there was no possible way for Jeremy to reach him in time and the killer began to raise the gun .
tr	O	庭审现在进入了第二个完整的证词周，并且他会努力推动律师们尽快完成。
tr	I	Then his eyes shot up to mine , and Jackson stared at it .
tr	I	The devil in the snow spoke the truth , but I hadn 't either .
tr	I	I wouldn 't push her and she didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	I	After a hell of day , realized she never stopped by for dinner , and he 'd been caught working late again .
tr	O	我从远处钦佩他，但是我知道我没机会和他在一起。
tr	O	他在几个地方触碰了表面，并且它就弹开了。
tr	O	它很微弱，几乎不存在，但是该死的，我有一个。
tr	I	I won 't keep things like that from you again , and I should have told you about everything .
tr	O	警方没有怀疑杰森，但是他自己的人怀疑了。
tr	O	维罗跳着出了门，并且她的高跟鞋在楼梯上敲打出探戈般的退却节奏。
tr	O	流浪者号似乎没有任何变化，但是它们也正在更快地接近。
tr	I	Trouble had not run out the front door and he 'd watched Lauren go in for her keys .
tr	I	It just came out sounding that way and her vocal chords had tightened .
tr	O	他总是知道什么对我最好，而且我却走错了路。
tr	I	Bobo smiled back , perfect white teeth flashing in a tan face , but most people would have found this terrifying .
tr	I	That was beyond my current budget , but usually I went for the empanadas .
tr	I	Their fingers intertwined so naturally that Rachel felt like they 'd done this for a lifetime , and his touch had a tender strength .
tr	O	我无法独自击退所有的狼，但是我正在考虑逃跑。
tr	O	艾米栖息在我身旁，比几周来都要近，并且我感到脊背一阵发凉。
tr	O	我进去时，我看到雅各布走向他的房间，并且他甚至没有转身说任何话。
tr	O	他们希望他能陷入沉睡，并且他就可以在他睡着时在艾特兰蒂斯的房间里被下药。
tr	I	Danica fought the urge to reel off her credentials : PhD in clinical psychology from Boston University , undergrad degree from Tufts , and Blake stood .
tr	I	There is no greater light for me than you , but you think yourself tainted .
tr	I	I didn 't want to come across that way , and I couldn 't talk about it without sounding bitter .
tr	I	Over his shoulder was hung a towering shield and at his side was hung a huge sword .
tr	I	He didn 't understand respect , but Robb always thought he knew best .
tr	I	The crowds out on the walkways had stifled the sound , but I sucked in a breath , thinking Scott had heard .
tr	O	他一直在慢慢地努力让她把他看作一个男人，但是那一直是一场痛苦而缓慢的战斗。
tr	I	He showed me all these wonderful things , Nis and I have been talking with Aeolus .
tr	I	I 'm not bad , but cats are for witches .
tr	I	He shuffled towards the door , blinking in the unaccustomed light , and Skin hung loosely off his thin , hollow frame .
tr	O	很少有人类被允许知道我们的存在，但是他们却世世代代，母传女，父传子地做到了。
tr	I	I hesitated purposefully to see simply what the boy would do to me when I didn 't act first and I saw his mouth move .
tr	O	她被骗了，并且她不想让任何人知道她被人当傻瓜耍了。
tr	I	There was nothing carefree about his demeanor now , but Ashby shrugged .
tr	I	I widened my legs to give him better access and gripping the counter for support , a tiny moan fell from my lips .
tr	O	道尔侧卧着，挣扎着想跪起来，但是他伤得太重了。
tr	O	他不怎么看重亚特兰蒂斯，但是他并非完全不讲道理。
tr	O	我爸爸才三十六岁，并且他的身高让他看起来更年轻。
tr	O	几秒钟后，一辆车在他身后鸣笛，并且他感到心头一震。
tr	O	那些伯爵会邀请我去某个地方，并且我会不假思索地跟着去。
tr	I	This time , I held it in for a few moments but I pressed it again .
tr	O	两人都没有说话，并且塔维闭上眼睛片刻，整理着思绪。
tr	I	She suspected for Sergio too , and it was tempting to go beyond kissing for Mandi .
tr	O	他那种实事求是的态度让她少了几分高兴，但是她没有表现出来。
tr	O	他刚刚找到艾米丽，并且他不会失去她。
tr	I	I wasn 't , but I guess I should be concerned by that thought .
tr	I	You can never be sure , but it seems to be an isolated incident .
tr	O	我猛地抬起头，但是我的眼睛却什么也没看到。
tr	O	危险如此之近，并且他们不知道。
tr	O	他的眼睛闭着，并且他的手在颤抖。
tr	I	I couldn 't take it back , and I had said it .
tr	I	The raspy echo sent shivers up my back , and the blade screeched off the armored hide .
tr	O	她沙色的鳞片消失了，并且她似乎缩小了。
tr	O	好的，那很甜，但是我仍然坚持我的立场。
tr	O	压倒性的恐惧感使我盲目顺从，并且现在我束手无策了。
tr	I	Everyone froze , and Charlotte spoke .
tr	O	灵能的流动随着每一次死亡而减慢，但是仍然有那么多在前进。
tr	I	Of course , she didn 't have the courage to ask for them , but there were several things that popped into her mind at that moment .
tr	I	I let out a small cry , and our eyes meet .
tr	O	他本希望这次通话能有一些隐私，但是他现在肯定得不到任何隐私。
tr	I	The boat lurched into high speed , and the engine started .
tr	I	There was nothing Graham could do about that , and wallis was getting some dosing , of course .
tr	I	The impatience is clearly stamped on his face and he has his arms folded across his chest .
tr	I	I supposed that was irrelevant , but I couldn 't remember doing that .
tr	O	他的巧克力仍然完好无损，并且我希望它能再保持几分钟。
tr	O	盖尔不是那种你能得罪的人，并且现在她已经深陷马林先生的竞选活动中。
tr	I	Her dad 's gaze narrowed , cutting into me , and Kenzie swallowed .
tr	O	天使，泰莎心想，纳闷着，但是她没有说出来。
tr	O	他当时应该走了，但是哈丁骨子里有股坏劲。
tr	O	环绕她手腕的金属咔嗒一声扣紧了，但是查尔斯仍然用膝盖抵着她的后背，让她动弹不得。
tr	O	他想尖叫，但是他不能。
tr	O	迪恩打开窗户，拉开窗帘。
tr	I	Then there was silence , and her screams were heard briefly .
tr	I	With people around us dying all the time , it was hard to lighten up , and I guess I tended to be a little serious .
tr	O	我将目光锁定在吉迪恩的眼神上，努力将我所有的爱意倾注在眼神中，并且他便消失了。
tr	I	He made no indication his mind would change , but there had to be a better one , like him going over himself .
tr	O	我不是在挑战这片土地的法律，但是也许仅仅是那些祈祷的数量就具有保护作用。
tr	I	He wore animal skin around his waist like a kilt and Leather sandals bound around his feet for protection .
tr	O	听到我命令般的语气，她的眼睛眯了起来，但是我没有退缩。
tr	I	After college , I saw you drifting away to California , but I thought you would take over the company when you were old enough .
tr	O	凯伦的形象突然在我脑海中浮现，并且我忍不住笑了。
tr	I	She looked away quickly and Jess 's eyes stung .
tr	I	A familiar figure strode out and the library door opened .
tr	O	他们的目光交织在一起，并且他用他平静的蓝眼睛默默地注视着她。
tr	O	贝丝强挤出笑容，并且他们继续前进。
tr	I	They continue to leave , but I 've had the men severely punish any deserters that we find , as a lesson to the others .
tr	I	Manuel ran to the stands and the two coaches nodded .
tr	O	他的嘴唇形成了一个咆哮，并且我强忍住想揍他下巴的冲动。
tr	O	海莉在她整个成年生活中大概和十个不同的男人约会过...，而且其中一些不过是喝咖啡时的一次性邂逅。
tr	O	相反我感到温暖，仿佛亨利正在拥抱我，并且我想象着他把我拉到岸边。
tr	O	他的嘴唇紧抿成一条细线，并且他的眼睛冰冷地注视着我。
tr	I	I knew he was replaying those images , and he hesitated .
tr	O	我把他的手拉向我，并且他的脸上露出一种震惊。
tr	O	她说过她刚来这里不久，不知道所有的怪人是谁，并且她害怕有人想蒙骗她。
tr	I	This wasn 't it , but I don 't know what I expected .
tr	O	我以为我们在一起很愉快，并且我期待花更多时间来了解你。
tr	O	眼泪又涌上了她的眼眶，但是她不再理会它们。
tr	I	They disappeared down the path and James pulled Catalina along .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it without his help , and she needed to form a court .
tr	O	早上她病得太重，不想打扮，并且到了下午，她心想，何必费事呢？
tr	O	维德还在呼吸，但是每一次呼吸都异常艰难。
tr	O	戴文母系的血统充其量也值得怀疑，但是当她嫁入这个家庭时，那并不重要。
tr	O	我不想闹事，但是我还没有准备好接受那种安慰。
tr	I	Erin wouldn 't have been my first pick , but I said I would help Bryce get a date .
tr	I	She 's wearing a ratty old robe and her hair is wrapped in a towel .
tr	O	我抽身离开，感到完全无力缓解局面，但是我不得不尝试。
tr	I	He started opening drawers in search of something else , and Ethan seemed pleased .
tr	I	Nancy is doing something similar , and Florence paces the halls , murmuring under her breath what sounds like a prayer .
tr	I	Ali wanted to punish her , but her mom hated the smell .
tr	O	那个警官在他尖刻的反驳后转身离开，但是马克西莫斯的咆哮阻止了他。
tr	I	A faery came through , glaring at them , and the ranks parted .
tr	O	她知道她听不清他们在说什么，但是她还是尝试了。
tr	I	He refused to release it , but Rena pulled at her arm .
tr	O	他看起来仍然很震惊，但是随着他敏捷的头脑开始分析一切，这种震惊正在消退。
tr	O	这是一个备胎，但是它有一个吉普标签。
tr	O	她看不见任何人，但是外面有某种东西暗示着移动。
tr	I	Something inside me knows already , but I can 't remember .
tr	I	It was difficult , but I tried to sound reassuring .
tr	I	She did too and I smiled inside .
tr	O	我尽量不怎么盯着他看，并且我否认了那股像极品威士忌一样流淌在我血管里的欲望。
tr	I	Her carefree smile told him that she 'd left her problems behind , at least for now and her face was flushed pink .
tr	I	A woman 's voice sounded , and she pressed another by it .
tr	O	达内尔向我走了一步，但是凯德移到他前面。
tr	O	他的脸色苍白，并且他汗流浃背。
tr	O	船只只可见几秒，但是风险很大。
tr	I	If the Captain wants him on the ship , he 's definitely expecting trouble and Harrison is our best sword .
tr	I	Sure enough , they were at the pier and she looked out her window .
tr	O	在我那个时代我们说直奔主题，但是结果都一样。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I said that much louder than I needed to .
tr	O	巴尔萨泽从未退缩，但是我看到他眼中闪烁着湿润。
tr	I	I 'd prefer that outcome , and it will keep you alive .
tr	I	It would do until she got her first actual paycheck , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	This displeased him the most , and he had been misled by the calmness of the ocean earlier .
tr	I	They took me on , and I signed up for nursing school .
tr	O	— 回来了，而且王子猛地俯身到马侧，感觉自己快要呕吐了。
tr	O	小巷更密集了，而且教会巡逻队也少了很多。
tr	I	Her gaze jerked to his face , and Ian asked .
tr	I	A small branch fell to the ground and High above there was a snap .
tr	O	他点了点头，并且女王离开了，带着目的感跑下走廊。
tr	O	玻璃杯在他面前的地板上碎裂了，并且他松开了吸管，赶紧用一些餐巾拍打自己的裤子。
tr	I	Their glass sides were cloudy with congealed oil , but a few of the street side lamps worked .
tr	O	接着他会看到数英里外的车头灯，并且他会看到大约十英尺外的步行者。
tr	O	我想要给那个孩子一些建议，但是 我想不出有什么可以告诉他的。
tr	O	她无法读懂他的表情，而且 她真希望自己能做到。
tr	I	She stands firm , but I get in her face , hoping to scare her back .
tr	O	因为你们所有的投入，这本书变得更好了，并且 我非常感谢所有帮助我使它成为今天这本书的人。
tr	I	Travis has already sacrificed so much of his and they have their entire lives ahead of them .
tr	O	她似乎焦急地等待着任何关于他的消息，并且 这让我感到不舒服。
tr	O	我的头在跌落时撞到了一把椅子，并且 我眼前金星乱冒。
tr	O	我的脚撞到了它，并且 在没有对抗力的情况下，我飞出了风墙。
tr	I	I trot to reach him sooner , and my breath escapes me .
tr	I	It was bad nonetheless , but I didn 't know .
tr	I	She 's staring right at Charlie and her eyes pop open again .
tr	O	我看着他颤抖的手将卡丽娜的头发从她脸上拂开，并且 一声抽泣从他唇间溢出。
tr	O	那不是我能想到的那种节目，但是 它显然对女士们很有效。
tr	I	She was working on it , but her Spanish was still rudimentary .
tr	O	毛茸茸的粉色地毯很重，但是林克用一只手把门打开了。
tr	I	He thought he might one day win a similarly respected sobriquet but not only did Hugh finally feel a kinship with a member of his family .
tr	I	I would advise that you allow yourself to love , but your heart is heavy .
tr	I	I 've never been stable enough regarding location to take it seriously , therefore me staying seriously mentally unstable instead but I considered therapy .
tr	O	他们希望我能步他们的后尘，但是我仍然不确定那是否适合我作为职业道路。
tr	I	The family couldn 't get enough of her and she was the spitting image of her siblings .
tr	I	They knew it and he was right .
tr	O	他的牙齿发黄，并且他的胡子里粘着一块食物。
tr	O	汽车在一个红灯前停了下来，并且她把手拂过门把手。
tr	I	Neither did I say no , but I didn 't say yes .
tr	I	They didn 't appear to be too deep , and there were two , about an inch apart .
tr	O	她是一名驾驶专家，并且我再次思考，如果我能拥有自己的交通工具，我会变得多么独立。
tr	I	I breathed him in and he consumed my mouth .
tr	I	He 's in bad shape , but after an hour of waiting I finally learn that Earl has been stabilized .
tr	O	他的表情中带着一种痛苦，并且我想要帮助他好起来。
tr	I	Her face is impassive , but I look at Raven for guidance .
tr	I	Her clipboard appeared , and she snapped her fingers .
tr	I	Sarah shook her head sadly , and his question brought back the sting of reality .
tr	I	It could be bad or it could be good .
tr	O	我觉得我不公平，我期望他能告诉我全部真相，而我自己却回避真相，但是我需要它。
tr	I	Ambrose was sure that he intended to beat him half to death and Triumph glinted in his eyes .
tr	I	It didn 't rain here as the concrete ground is completely dry , or the rain has stopped .
tr	O	他身体里他从未知道存在过的神经末梢开始抽动，并且他深吸一口气来平静自己。
tr	I	She had another thing coming , but she thought she was getting rid of him this morning .
tr	O	听起来像个连环杀手，但是我不是那种会妄下判断的人。
tr	I	All I could do was stare , and his words echoed through the room .
tr	I	Cherished could do something resembling lightning and it would be reasonable to think the High Weavers .
tr	I	He was ready to declare pistols at dawn on her behalf , but Leo didn 't even know the woman who accompanied the billionaire .
tr	I	You will be punished and if you answer dishonestly , we will know .
tr	I	It 's difficult to see it because I don 't think it 's real , rather created by his high , but he gives me a smile .
tr	O	她可能装作若无其事，但是很高兴知道过去二十四小时的事件并非完全没有让她感到不安。
tr	O	我点击了Supremo上的超链接，并且它把我导向了另一篇文章。
tr	O	我的手臂环住他的脖子，并且我抬起嘴唇让他再次亲吻，甚至在我抬起臀部的时候。
tr	O	他们叫瑞弗斯的女人正在狂热地绘画，并且我努力睁大眼睛想看清她在画什么。
tr	I	Then it began to steam up , but it was very sweet at first .
tr	I	My denials withered up like a dead flower , but I opened my mouth .
tr	I	Then I wished I hadn 't been , but I was as close on his heels as my legs would allow .
tr	O	我现在能做的就是尽量躲藏，并且这里和任何地方一样好；可能比大多数地方都好。
tr	O	复活节还有三周，也许如果他小心谨慎并得到上帝的指引，他能让她过来。
tr	I	Soon enough , she 'd be leaving , and this place wasn 't where she belonged .
tr	I	She couldn 't seem to help it , but she shouldn 't start counting her chickens about this inn project .
tr	O	我从没想过我会喜欢当金发女郎，但是我真的很喜欢这个造型。
tr	O	它没有味道，并且她先舔了舔，然后把它放进了嘴里。
tr	I	He doesn 't want to see it destroyed , as you were about to do and all Matt wants to do is restore the cemetery .
tr	O	然后冬天来了，而且黑熊失踪了。
tr	I	He held on to me tighter but I started to get up while I said it so he could catch up to Dylan .
tr	O	一些人在忙着制造麻烦，而一些人在忙着制造和平。
tr	O	我试图推开它们，但是这只意味着它们割得更深了。
tr	O	石点露营地就在城外，而且当他们靠近时，艾斯焦急地盯着停在停车场后方的一辆深绿色吉普车。
tr	O	这感觉像是可能是，但是我以后得再好好想想这件事。
tr	O	现在克洛伊的戒指安全地戴在右手上，但是我知道它不会在那里待很久。
tr	I	It involved silence , but I wasn 't sure what it was .
tr	I	After a great deal of dramatic sighing , he reluctantly put on his own clothes too , and I answered him with a warning look .
tr	O	我们都明白，但是我不知道对一个只变了一半的人能期待什么。
tr	I	Yet I 'd found him and there was no reason for me to have known he 'd return there .
tr	O	扇她一巴掌会让我感到非常满足，并且我非常确定我一点都不会后悔。
tr	O	这就是你没有告诉我你所知道的关于约翰的一切的原因，并且这也是你没有告诉我关于孩子的事情的原因。
tr	I	It 's getting better , but I 'm still miles away from being able to sit down to a quiet family dinner with him .
tr	O	他又打了一下她，并且她径直倒在了地板上。
tr	O	这对我来说毫无意义，但是，当时，那才是重点。
tr	I	Here it was nonetheless , but Raja had expected it to be gone with the resolution to the case .
tr	I	I can 't quite get there , but I 'm trying to force the irritation out of my tone .
tr	O	凯文看起来比我大一点，但是他开车送我们去桑普特时我们没怎么说话。
tr	I	Something huge had sprung up between us but we were still standing just a few feet apart .
tr	O	士兵们站着，帮助伤员穿过田野，但是红帽兵仍然是躺在草地上的身影。
tr	I	Behind her , she heard laughter -- laughter in name only , but Claire had thought it was a private conversation .
tr	I	The blue was the sky and I surmised I must be outside .
tr	O	洛根用拳头碰了碰我的拳头，并且，几天来我们第一次感觉又像一家人了。
tr	O	我真的应该给自己应得的休息，但是我不能。
tr	O	他试图想象她会是什么样子，但是他所能看到的只是一张笑脸，那张脸被一双华丽的海蓝色眼睛所主宰。
tr	I	I lashed out blindly with a frantic fist and naturally my assumption was for the worst .
tr	O	他活该被欺骗，并且她的良心会很清白。
tr	O	我的心猛地一跳，并且一种我久未感受到的希望再次充满了我。
tr	O	我不是绑架方面的专家，但是这些家伙看起来很小心。
tr	I	She stretched on her tiptoes and Light shone beyond her reach .
tr	I	I knew what my wish was immediately , and a shooting star flared across the sky .
tr	I	Its colors fell upon the back of his white uniform , dyeing it a brilliant maroon , and he was backlit by the study 's window .
tr	I	They wanted you safe , too , and I told everyone here about you .
tr	I	She knew she would never leave if she started crying , and his face splintered into shimmery prisms .
tr	I	That was probably for the better , and I doubted even her parents knew .
tr	O	你是个好人，但是公正必须得到伸张。
tr	O	他们和我一样不知道克莱门汀想从他身上得到什么，但是我们都知道那不会是什么好事。
tr	I	She knew Nana wouldn 't appreciate the humor , but part of her wanted to ask how many touchdowns had been scored .
tr	I	Yet she couldn 't find the room to rebel at the notion , and his determination warned her that he was going to get his way .
tr	I	It isn 't something to write home about , but I don 't have the worst voice in the world .
tr	I	His frown slowly morphed into a bashful smile , and Tyler thought for a moment .
tr	O	要是过去能那么容易被抹去就好了，但是她却知道并非如此。
tr	I	Physically I felt all right , but I was still drizzling tears .
tr	I	Breeze looked relieved , and the crewmembers nodded .
tr	I	High school would be over and it wouldn 't be long .
tr	I	I pushed his hand away , refusing his kindness , but he tried to hand me a cup of water .
tr	I	I was completely taken by her by the end of the song and she even sung harmony with me for the chorus .
tr	I	It disintegrated before me and I rammed the blade through its owner 's chest .
tr	I	He caught it , and she barely twitched .
tr	I	Vance took her hand and she stretched her arm across the table .
tr	I	I don 't have the facilities , but maybe in one of the better hospitals on a central world they could cure this .
tr	I	Knocked on the double doors and harding slung his coat over his shoulder .
tr	I	He had turned away from it and he had tasted her blood .
tr	O	他的目光闪动，并且然后他点了点头。
tr	I	He did have a lot of respect for this employee , but he shouldn 't even be listening to this .
tr	O	黑矛瞬间瓦解，并且 巴力曾站立的地方什么也没剩下。
tr	O	答案暗含着问题，而且 问题从未让任何人取得进展。
tr	O	我不知道她在玩什么把戏，但是 我知道这并非故事的结局。
tr	I	It 's hard to get to the water at times , and the rivers run through deep canyons .
tr	I	Bodies collapsed , and heads flew .
tr	I	The weight of the bill ensured he 'd never forget the place , and Renton had taken the suggestion from Adams .
tr	I	Somehow Derek was sneaking closer and it felt like Lucas was pulling away .
tr	I	They both needed the money , and Romano needed an outlet for his raw product .
tr	O	允许情感凌驾于理智之上的猎人注定会失败，而且 他不能在这件事上失败。
tr	O	远处的角落里有一段通向地下的楼梯，而且 我的思绪首先转向了它。
tr	O	父亲低声说了些关于命运的陈词滥调，但是 我并没有真正听他的。
tr	O	鸽子又在地板上放了几颗猫粮，并且 猫吃了它们。
tr	O	他试图摆脱脑海中迟钝的疼痛，但是 当他摇头时，这让世界天旋地转。
tr	O	谎言脱口而出，并且我感到羞愧。
tr	I	He 'd learned something important , but that had been a close call .
tr	I	She motioned for me to sit in the other and the fortune teller sat in one of the chairs .
tr	I	I shrink away but he leans in to touch me .
tr	O	掌管大权意味着你必须时刻在员工面前保持专业，但是布拉姆从未收到过那份备忘录。
tr	O	她的肌肉在温水下慢慢放松，并且她闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	She couldn 't think past the next wave of pain , and it was excruciating .
tr	I	All she saw was the tapestry that concealed the tomb , but Celaena looked to her right .
tr	I	I 'd come to think of him as that way , but Vic wasn 't alive , not exactly .
tr	I	It fit , but she wasn 't sure what fanciful person suggested that name .
tr	O	他们大多数人也同样迅速地移开了视线，但是克莱丽感到了他们凝视中的迷恋。
tr	I	Her name was on my charts , but I never met my mother , of course .
tr	I	Brent led the girls down to the patio , carrying two pitchers , and the screen on the deck slid open .
tr	O	他从未习惯与任何人分享关于自己的表面细节，并且他现在也不倾向于这样做。
tr	O	他犹豫了，他的眼睛因情绪而湿润，并且埃琳娜用目光定住了他。
tr	O	安德烈娅不得不放开护士，但是迪伦移动以阻挡护士的退路。
tr	O	阿比盖尔绕过那堆灰尘，并且他们一起冲向了那块白石头。
tr	I	Jake touched my hand to stop me but I started to pull out my phone .
tr	O	她不知道日期，但是至少地点很好。
tr	I	There were streaks of grey through his very full beard and he had a red face framed by dark hair .
tr	I	Daniel began to feel better and chapter 26 The days passed .
tr	I	It would have helped to catch Zeus unaware , but Surprise was not an integral part of this .
tr	I	Go figure , someone is still locked in there now , and one room was impossible .
tr	O	他的嘴巴太冷喊不出来，并且他的手也太冷动不了。
tr	I	I realized that we could have the same fate and we passed a smoking , twisted tangle of a car wreck .
tr	O	戴蒙把我往前拉，并且我去了。
tr	I	The other was headed straight toward the Wandering Wench , and one boat headed aft , towards where The Crow was anchored .
tr	O	我的脸因困惑而扭曲，但是在我开口说话之前，莎拉说：“我真的不明白她为什么离开，埃文。”
tr	I	He placed a hand behind my back , tearing the laced corset too , but I recoiled from him .
tr	I	He moved in and his eerily green eyes stayed trained on mine , at least until his tangled lashes dropped .
tr	O	有一个大水槽，并且史蒂文最近买了一个新炉子。
tr	O	苏利朝我走来坚持，但是威尔走到我们中间。
tr	O	它太轻了，并且里面没有重物移动。
tr	I	Jax pulled her close , driving his c * ck straight into her throat , and she took him back into her mouth .
tr	O	杰克现在正栖身在一个摄影凳上，但是把全部注意力都放在了他的访客身上。
tr	I	He was sitting facing me , also on the bed and I was sitting propped up on the bed .
tr	I	This could be of our advantage , but I should be disgusted with you .
tr	I	His whistling approached the bay of stalls , but she prayed he crossed to the urinal .
tr	O	警长在他身边呻吟着，并且托比便有了他的主意。
tr	O	我的金发盘成一个松散的发髻，并且温暖的春夜甚至不需要我穿外套。
tr	I	It lit up the room , but the light did not burn .
tr	O	早上精灵们会离开，并且鞋匠会发现一双精美的鞋子准备出售。
tr	I	She sat reluctantly back down , and Lizzie looked away from the old man towards Lucas , who nodded .
tr	I	She would be on her way to total devotion and it would take just a small brush of power over her thoughts .
tr	O	在史黛西旁边，我算不上什么，但是如果我离她很远，我还不赖。
tr	O	她没能完全表达出她想说的话，并且起初她不明白为什么。
tr	I	You can no longer live , but so , I 'm sorry .
tr	O	在温水泳池里游泳既痛苦又美妙，但是为了他的理智，他要去洗个澡。
tr	I	The most talked about girl in school had to be interesting and being head cheerleader .
tr	O	伊奥娜也喜欢它，并且她真的不应该喜欢。
tr	O	我想不起她的名字，但是我能看见她的脸。
tr	I	I will , however grim the truth may be and I said that I 'd tell you everything .
tr	O	Kaitlyn只见过Nadiya一次，但是一次就足够了。
tr	O	牛群躁动不安，并且昨晚我们被吸血鬼夺走了好几头。
tr	I	Together they would devise a plan to eliminate William Winkler and he 'd be meeting with his contact soon .
tr	I	Quinn was working on it , but they still hadn 't figured out how to leave the grounds without being caught .
tr	I	She could see the gaping chest wound and the blood on his shirt had dried .
tr	I	I shape it chip by chip into a form that suits me , and the populace is my stone .
tr	I	I needed the time to finish the cage and he was having her bottom tarred .
tr	O	那里可能有一丝微笑，但是那更像是一种满足的表情，而非其他。
tr	O	他抓住了它，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	I don 't care but I 've earned a small audience by now .
tr	O	她想了解那具华丽身体里的男人，并且这让她感到恐惧。
tr	I	I found myself fearing his anger and he was glaring at me .
tr	I	I was pretty sure he was trying to lessen my pain , but I wasn 't sure if he was telling me the truth .
tr	O	它将瘦男的刀刃拨开，并且那妖精惊愕地退了回去。
tr	O	他本能地把双手放在方向盘上，并且这样做时，他停止了触摸罗瑞。
tr	I	She would often direct that rage at us , and the insanity turned into rage .
tr	I	Knowing for sure rocked me but I 'd been suspicious .
tr	I	Everyone turned to see what he was looking at , and he began backing up .
tr	O	我甚至不知道在梦境中这可能发生，但是我想人的心智只能承受这么多。
tr	I	I don 't know what it means , but I think the blurry part is important .
tr	I	He rested his chin atop her head and Keeley lay her cheek against his chest .
tr	O	我从未去过那家店，但是该地区所有有名望的新娘都特意去那里购物。
tr	I	We all turned around to face the man walking toward us , and he pointed over my shoulder .
tr	O	她差点就要急忙否认这样的事情，但是她不打算撒谎。
tr	I	I nodded , and as far as theories went , it wasn 't a bad one .
tr	I	They were police all right , but they were out of uniform .
tr	I	The inclusion of Sheen 's name made the question seem more flirtatious than serious , but Jimmy was a little nervous .
tr	O	他笑了，但是她在他眼中只看到遗憾。
tr	O	这座城堡与总督们的其他住宅相似，然而它缺少了一些奢华。
tr	O	亨特尴尬地耸了耸肩，并且一秒钟后，他已经站在地板上，看起来像斗牛犬一样可爱。
tr	O	是他们，并且是她。
tr	I	I helped her to get it , and this is exactly what she wanted .
tr	O	杰森抬起头，并且那很诡异，看到一张如此不同的脸上，却有着和伊芙一模一样的眼睛，眼中怒火中烧。
tr	I	Her hand was cool , and the skin felt fragile .
tr	O	我一整天都避开休息室，并且下班后我从后门离开了。
tr	O	我拿起我的背包，并且把它挎在肩上。
tr	O	午后的太阳已经落下，但是热度丝毫没有减退。
tr	O	我需要你的帮助，并且我以我唯一能做到的方式把你留在我身边。
tr	I	His shoulders sagged , but the clenching in his jaw stopped .
tr	I	She wasn 't moving , but she was alive .
tr	I	He surrendered , sinking into her kiss , and his breath shuddered out .
tr	O	众人终于安定下来时，她睁开了眼睛，并且它们映出了他，然后渐渐变得清澈。
tr	I	The last thing you want to do is piss him off , and Henry doesn 't react well to people messing around like that .
tr	O	他没有全部理解，但是无论那是什么，都很糟糕。
tr	O	他需要帮助，并且她必须让他相信她能帮助他，直到帮助到来。
tr	O	她的血管需要泵血，但是他没有发现脉搏。
tr	I	Katie became much lighter , and Jeanine began to rise .
tr	O	看起来似乎成功了，但是他无法仅仅通过看就判断出来。
tr	O	我扫视了周围，但是一切都显得很安静。
tr	O	你值得永远被珍惜，并且我不会抛弃这一切。
tr	O	这是我们的家，并且你是我兄弟。
tr	O	她声称爱他们，但是他们让她哭了。
tr	I	It seemed her hair had grown another two inches since the last time I saw her , and she pulled off her cap .
tr	O	我们大部分路程都走不同的路线，但是我们经过的房间大同小异。
tr	O	红头发的女孩瞥了她一眼，并且恶意的快感又回来了。
tr	O	他花了H了几秒钟才回答，但是最终他还是说出了一个字。
tr	O	时尚界是残酷的，并且你必须比渴望其他任何事物更渴望它。
tr	I	I guess it 'll do , but it 's not the most romantic way I 've pictured him kissing me .
tr	I	His eyes fluttered open and David groaned in pain .
tr	I	Chaz played into them with tantalizing care , and Pregnancy had heightened her senses .
tr	I	Then an idea came to me , but the lack of answers was frustrating .
tr	I	The message was clear , but she didn 't exactly hear a voice .
tr	O	这个关卡艰难得多，并且他想锻炼他们的反应能力。
tr	O	他把他们抱到车上，并且她前往森林武器汽车旅馆。
tr	I	I shook my head and Victor looked at me .
tr	I	The expression in them felt like a knife twisting between her ribs , and his eyes met hers .
tr	I	I took this chance , stumbling across to get it and Scar 's arms loosened around me .
tr	O	她迅速将目光转向我，并且我看到了她眼中的决心。
tr	O	我可能也不会喜欢那个说法，但是我必须听，只是为了安心。
tr	I	I can 't stop it but I 'm about to ruin everything .
tr	O	赛车手正在全速奔跑，并且他陷入了恐慌。
tr	O	当我们向前冲时，又一声巨响在大厅里回荡，并且一阵闪烁的薄雾渗入了宫殿。
tr	I	They were there , but they were thinner .
tr	I	He could not determine where exactly but it was coming from the trees .
tr	O	房间里摆满了书架，上面堆满了书，并且地图覆盖了木质墙壁。
tr	I	When she came close enough , he tugged her into his lap , and Hugh chuckled .
tr	O	现在已经过了四点，并且太阳仍然在头顶炽热地燃烧。
tr	I	She couldn 't stop itching and large red welts covered her body .
tr	O	他们俩都看着他，并且莉亚清了清嗓子。
tr	I	His manner was decidedly shifty , and today the eyes seemed shifty .
tr	I	They looked completely blanked as she stared at them , yet her bright blue eyes had so much to tell .
tr	I	There were plenty of people who could take care of her , but sure she needed him .
tr	I	That obviously wasn 't enough , but she knew the mechanics .
tr	I	He guessed she might 've said more if Kate hadn 't been in the car , but Jane left it at that .
tr	O	他的女儿永远不会认识她的父亲，并且他的爱会把她对他必怀的刻骨仇恨带入坟墓。
tr	I	Daniel couldn 't move , but every instinct told him to run .
tr	O	如果我再拖延下去，我就会退缩，并且瑞安就能再次伤害她。
tr	I	He couldn 't make out any details , but at this distance , he could make out the moving shapes of the crew .
tr	I	The parking lot was usually empty and neither business had attracted large volumes of customers .
tr	O	玛丽安惊讶地张开了嘴，但是路易丝笑了。
tr	O	我专注地盯着我的咖啡，仿佛过了一个世纪，但是当我抬头时，他甚至没有看我这边。
tr	O	弗朗切斯科兑现了他的承诺，并且安迪所有的账单都付清了。
tr	I	It wasn 't heavy , but it was a thick scent .
tr	O	这首歌仍然在这里，一直在这里，但是当我的皮肤沐浴在阳光下时，它便柔和起来。
tr	I	The custom seat felt like heaven and his body was stiff from the beating his lower limbs had taken during the walk .
tr	I	You bring in a lot of customers with a lot of money , and I know this business .
tr	O	这辈子我做的第一件真正冒险的事情，而且只是因为一个男孩。
tr	I	His words were clear , but his voice was hoarse .
tr	I	Not meaning any sarcasm and said Gwendolen , speaking from the lip , .
tr	I	I suddenly understood just how sneaky my father really was , and the pieces fell together in my head .
tr	I	I wondered where his clothes were , and he looked cold , of course .
tr	I	He knew it , and we were vulnerable .
tr	O	特拉维斯对她手臂的抓握松开了，并且当他把她推到一边时，她能看到他眼中仍有火焰。
tr	O	斯凯拉过来了，并且我把关于主教的一切的圣杯，那本日记，递给她。
tr	I	Both of Lorraine 's maternal grandparents had died in the early eighties , but Virginia 's parents had helped financially for many years .
tr	O	我们会定罪的，并且毫无疑问，我们这次抓对了人。
tr	O	我一点都不觉得她在开玩笑，但是我的妹妹对此一无所知可能是最好的。
tr	O	还有一个事实是他有女朋友，并且这让我感到不舒服——即使是假约会。
tr	I	I could feel Denny 's gaze burning into me , but I may have pulled my gaze from him .
tr	I	I want to know about it , and there 's a world out there .
tr	O	我环顾这间小屋，并且第一次，它在孤独中显得如此巨大。
tr	O	她的身体滑到地板上，并且他站了起来，小心翼翼地看着麦考尔。
tr	O	他的目光在我以外的东西上，但是我捕捉到他摇头时一丝淡淡的半笑。
tr	O	我想这个星球只有一次机会了，并且仅此而已。
tr	I	I haven 't laid a finger on her , and just the thought of her makes me grin .
tr	I	Then she remembered , and Kylie rolled a few things around her already confused mind .
tr	O	我跳下车，并且气味立刻袭来。
tr	O	我会痊愈，但是在这里不会足够快。
tr	O	他们甚至已经亲密了一段时间了，但是仍然缺少更深层次的联系。
tr	O	警官们还需要一段时间才能到这里，但是他知道他们正在逼近。
tr	O	威廉记得她，而且这让他感到悲伤。
tr	I	The scientists had ordered them to be and Jonesy wasn 't fully suited as Ryan .
tr	O	他再次抱起我，并且我们都出去了。
tr	I	It felt like an eternity for her and he observed her a couple of minutes .
tr	O	我去厨房拿盘子，并且阿琳跟了过来，她的目光扫过每个角落。
tr	O	他 Services闭上了眼睛，但是他能感觉到阿莱娜仍在看着他。
tr	I	She prepares to do battle with whatever comes , and the mother knows something is about to happen .
tr	O	她看起来太可爱了，并且她想到与他发生性关系就感到如此尴尬，以至于他不得不笑出声来。
tr	I	Now she hesitated , but Rebecca had been about to shoot .
tr	I	Then the spirit stood before me , and the momentary cold descended upon us .
tr	O	她猛地撞上他，并且他向后踉跄，重重地撞在柜台边缘。
tr	I	I was determined to do whatever I needed to prove that to her and we belonged together .
tr	I	My own was doing a fair job at imitation , and I could feel her heart pounding in her chest .
tr	I	Simon felt the tension in him , but the earl maintained his leisurely pose .
tr	I	It melted to the ground and I tapped my staff on the lock holding their chains .
tr	I	She was rapidly escorted away by two of the Africans from the Island but they tried to surround the bent over figure of Doctor Owerri .
tr	I	She nodded and I repeated .
tr	I	I do , but I know you don 't think that I understand .
tr	O	接着又有两个冲向他们，并且人类正在与他们搏斗。
tr	I	I 'm late , and classes are starting .
tr	O	我扭动双臂，试图不笑地挣脱开，并且我的脚重重地踩在地板上。
tr	O	我用手指轻抚着他的脸颊，并且他把我拉得更近了。
tr	O	他甚至可能决定告诉你，但是那取决于祂。
tr	I	She couldn 't bring herself to speak , but she nodded .
tr	I	The head came apart and he fired .
tr	I	She would sooner drink the rain that was beginning to fall outside , but a tall glass of water was sitting beside the sandwich .
tr	O	我问他在田野里看到了什么，并且他从未说过。
tr	O	门开了，并且一个拄着双拐、形容枯槁的老妇人探头望向贝琪。
tr	I	Attending a charity event gives her the warm fuzzies , and she likes to get all dressed up .
tr	I	They don 't want me , but now it 's taking off .
tr	I	That is the end of our conversation and she never explains further .
tr	I	He yanked his mouth away from his prey , and the cry reached him , so very faint .
tr	O	沉醉在眼神中，并且现在我已无法自拔。
tr	O	我明天想让它接受扫描，但是他今晚需要休息。
tr	I	The look quickly mildewed into threatening , but the others looked at her now with frightened eyes .
tr	O	至少我以为有人耳语了，但是我无法完全确定。
tr	O	他又给了她一个温暖的微笑，而且我发誓她几乎融化成一滩糖浆在地板上。
tr	I	That 's why she died and she had problems with drugs .
tr	O	她的鼻孔开始张大，并且她的脸变得稍微更红了一些。
tr	O	她本无意那么做，但是她发现自己无力阻止。
tr	O	是夜晚，并且小镇在他身下漆黑一片，铺砌的街道在星光下柔和地发着光。
tr	O	我在座位上猛地一颤，意识到没有别人听到他这样说，但是仍然感觉自己被一道巨大的聚光灯照着。
tr	O	招牌带着轻微的电磁嗡嗡声闪烁着，并且格丽塔意识到那是西蒙。
tr	O	商场提前两小时关门了，并且停车场里只剩下几辆车。
tr	I	The water cooled and the brazier burned .
tr	I	She began to cough , pressing the back of her hand to her mouth , and it burned , though .
tr	O	我们把车开到我家门口，并且他仍然安静地坐在那里。
tr	I	The Prince thought for a brief moment that the world was ending , and boulders crashed down from the sky above them .
tr	I	Now they would live , but these people had expected to die .
tr	O	欧文对我说话，但是我因为愤怒而只能模模糊糊地听到他说什么。
tr	I	It was really just beginning , but it already felt like a long day .
tr	O	他舔着嘴唇对我咧嘴一笑，并且我的拳头又一次砸向了他的脸。
tr	I	She loved it , but I never saw the appeal .
tr	O	它是一个人形的狼人，并且从他身上散发出的怒气非常强烈。
tr	O	他咬了一口披萨，并且她也照做了。
tr	O	她看到了，并且泪水顺着她的脸颊流了下来，当她哭泣时。
tr	I	There was definitely something about this woman that she didn 't like , but this second brush off in a few days was amusing rather than hurtful .
tr	O	埃利下马了，他的肌肉因为紧抓了太久而酸痛，但是这是值得的。
tr	O	我发挥失常，并且她就是原因。
tr	I	It 's very distinctive , and he doesn 't have a regional accent .
tr	I	Then you didn 't return his calls , and you practically forced Brandon Crawford to break up with Sienna at Homecoming .
tr	I	This is my choice , but maybe Scott shouldn 't have hit you .
tr	O	我要你找出吸血鬼在哪里，并且我要你去追回我的儿子。
tr	I	Their gesture touched me , and they were obviously trying to cheer me up .
tr	O	我们有一些诀窍可以帮助像你这样的人，但是你仍然需要尽你所能努力工作。
tr	I	His mother raced toward him and the front door flew open .
tr	O	她感到欲望再次萌动，并且她震惊了。
tr	O	我犹豫了，但是没有时间了。
tr	I	I did give him life that day he got hurt on the beach , but I might not be Sam 's biological father .
tr	I	He carried me in here and I guess I fell asleep on him last night .
tr	I	I wondered if that was why Hades ' guards had appeared , and the group of people traveling along the road was heavily guarded .
tr	O	她想评头论足，但是她是那种直言不讳的人。
tr	I	Eve deepened her smile , and Bea gritted her teeth .
tr	I	A gloating , happy smile curved up the corners of his mouth , and his gaze rested on the strained buttons of her coat .
tr	O	她把手指穿过铁丝网，并且他挣扎着向她的方向挪动了一点。
tr	I	I didn 't give myself the chance to second-guess it , but my eyes widened .
tr	I	He shook it aside , but for a moment , he was sorely tempted to open the link between them .
tr	I	I accidentally knock down the block tower Eros has created instead , but I try to move closer , as close to him as possible .
tr	O	原来市长确实是米歇尔的爸爸，而且她来城里是为了勒索他。
tr	O	我当场决定我再也不会喝醉了。
tr	O	我知道我明天应该准备测验，但是我不想放弃和芬恩在一起的时间。
tr	I	She opened her eyes , watching the sliver of light under the door and something scraped across the floor outside her room .
tr	O	他仍然没有看到这一点，并且他绝望地爬了下来。
tr	O	电话响了，并且安珀吓了一跳。
tr	I	Somehow she 'd known , despite having no children herself , and no teenager could resist a feature like that .
tr	O	希里和她们一起大步走着，裙摆在她身后沙沙作响，并且其他女人留在了后面。
tr	I	I scrambled off Nic as if I were fifteen years old instead of twenty-nine , and Edward slammed the door .
tr	O	公主开始仰卧，做出顺从的姿势，并且它们又开始像小狗一样玩耍。
tr	O	第一天总是让我胃里不舒服，并且我不想去试探命运。
tr	I	He 'd done only what he wanted ... Yet tilt your head , offer your neck .
tr	I	The bond was there just the same but he hadn 't known Evy for long .
tr	O	第三章 一个凉爽的秋夜，又发生了一件事，只是程度轻微，但是托妮仍然知道这是她永远不会忘记的又一次经历。
tr	I	It also made him vaguely uneasy , but Gray was grateful for the covert support .
tr	O	他没有刮胡子，并且他看起来睡得也不比我多。
tr	O	马修不明白，但是史蒂文曾听过人们乘巴士去西部的故事，他清楚她是什么意思。
tr	O	所有三面外墙都是玻璃做的，并且天花板是倾斜的，可以一览无余地看到天空。
tr	O	他的目光落下，去看是什么吸引了她的注意，并且他几乎震惊地大叫起来。
tr	O	这个问题让他们都笑得更厉害了，并且劳伦笑得最厉害。
tr	O	格伦拉开我的包，但是他不像温克勒那样把我从里面拿出来。
tr	I	She clamped her mouth shut , but when hell freezes over came to mind .
tr	O	欲望在我心中隐隐作痛，伴随着一股荒凉的寂寞，并且我身体的每一根纤维都在尖叫着渴望他的触碰。
tr	O	这不像仅仅向咒语中注入更多力量那么简单，但是这还算是相当简单的。
tr	I	I took the phone and my heart stilled .
tr	O	他把我转过身，并且现在我的背靠着砖墙。
tr	O	突然马达停了下来，并且他开始窒息。
tr	I	She tumbled to the floor and her hands grabbed empty air .
tr	O	她的双唇张开，但是什么也没说出来。
tr	I	This time the view was from the back , but Ada 's ghost glided down the corridor ahead of her - still two-dimensional .
tr	I	She didn 't look down at it , but Rena 's phone vibrated in her hand .
tr	O	太阳还没有亮到让他可以离开玻璃的地步，但是很快就会了。
tr	O	浩室音乐随着我的心跳节奏轰鸣着，并且我开始感到头晕目眩。
tr	I	She began to work on the lock and the top of the sunken safe illuminated .
tr	I	The girl behind her wasn 't as quick to move , but Lea side-stepped quickly , narrowly avoiding him .
tr	O	直到昨晚，他在与我的战争中进展甚微，但是昨晚却出现了转折。
tr	O	我方一直在监听敌方通讯，并且他们正在讨论撤退，因为坑道战进展不顺利。
tr	O	男人们倒吸了一口气，并且詹姆斯·西尔弗向上凝视着。
tr	O	我以我所是的方式存在，并且你，生而为人，以你所是的方式存在。
tr	O	他刚从淋浴间出来，并且他正在擦干他光滑湿润的双腿。
tr	O	他低声说他只是去房间一会儿，并且他很快就会回来。
tr	I	She quickly found herself holding a bleeding finger , and so great was her excitement that she forgot about the danger .
tr	I	It wouldn 't change anything and Sebastian could say the same .
tr	O	我们不能把他们留在这里，并且我们也不能让他们待在一起。
tr	I	I shook my head as more tears fell down my face and he removed the tape from my left hand .
tr	O	他们登机前没收了我们所有的设备，并且从那以后我们就再也没有见过任何一件。
tr	I	Surely he felt a little intelligent fear , but he did not stop .
tr	I	I stared at the bruise and I rolled my sleeve up some more .
tr	O	评级首先到了他那里，并且然后他把它们公布给员工。
tr	O	卢克笑了，并且我呻吟了。
tr	O	我并非有意对春树发火，但是我不是侦测露娜的专家。
tr	O	亚历山大保持沉默，没有催促她，但是奥利维亚知道他想要一个解释。
tr	I	We assumed we would have to fight the Sioux in the west , and we were always fighting the Iroquois in the East .
tr	I	He hadn 't yet taken off his holster with his gun , and he was still wearing his uniform .
tr	I	She hadn 't looked at me even once , and we hadn 't spoken since that day in the water .
tr	I	The angels were unable to eradicate demons from the world , but Heaven won the war .
tr	O	他几乎可以挑选世界上任何一个单身女人，并且她会拜倒在他脚下与他在一起。
tr	O	敌人正在呼唤他，命令飘浮在空中，但是她成功地将布莱斯与世界其他地方隔绝了。
tr	O	我不知道何时，但是我的心告诉我，我们将在余生中厮守。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how I 'd be able to pull my backpack off Noah 's shoulder , but I knew I should probably head home .
tr	I	Still their whispers were loud enough to reach the wealthy old lady , but they spoke quietly .
tr	O	她拍了拍身旁的空位，并且詹娜也坐了下来。
tr	I	In the silence she stood before him , wondering what she was supposed to do next , and she nodded .
tr	O	他生命中的千年重重地压在他身上，并且我瞬间看到了其中的每一年。
tr	I	I didn 't need much else and my skin was brown from the sun now .
tr	O	他如何能够违背她的意愿保留精髓，这让我费解，并且我知道答案不会令人愉快。
tr	I	Everyone else took that as a sign to walk away and he fell to the ground .
tr	O	寒冷突然将她包围，并且她穿着那件薄外套颤抖着。
tr	O	她是自己走进他们的，而且我不确定我是否能让她再离开。
tr	I	They both sat up straighter and he gave Nick a barely perceptible nod .
tr	O	我必须回去了，但是这太有趣了。
tr	I	There will always be war , and there will always be battles .
tr	I	When I turn to him , I am smiling , and that isn 't what is important anyway .
tr	O	他们太不可思议了，而且我们都不知道！
tr	I	Her knees folded under her and her head snapped back .
tr	I	He could think no more and he watched her until his body struck the top of the coffin , when his vision failed .
tr	I	The flow was always identical , but the topic was usually different .
tr	I	Soon both bowls were empty , and Everything was as delicious as it smelled .
tr	O	安德鲁，我希望我能提供更多帮助，但是现在我看到如果我在此刻干预，只会是灾难。
tr	I	He was certainly never late and he never missed a meeting .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop him , but Grace heard the rending of fabric .
tr	I	They smothered giggles , and I glared at the two of them .
tr	I	You decided to stay with us but you had a chance to leave .
tr	O	我撞到了那人的肩膀，并且他倒了下去，鲜血喷涌。
tr	I	He came to stop me and I told Tim about it .
tr	I	I listened with my ear cocked and my heart stopped .
tr	I	I snatched up the receiver , managing to not break the pattern of my pacing and the phone rang .
tr	I	It was much bigger than the rest of them and there was one male puppy that was completely black .
tr	I	Things would be a lot different from now on and she 'd turned a new leaf .
tr	I	That could just be her paranoia , but Antonia suspected he was trapping her .
tr	O	我冰箱里总会出现一些我没买的东西，而且她会辩称无辜。
tr	I	I pull my hand away and my head buzzes with confusion .
tr	O	麦考密克的手握成拳头，并且他径直走向乔。
tr	O	盖奇认为我的沉默意味着我漠不关心，并且他转身离开了。
tr	O	法师看不到我们，但是我们也看不到他。
tr	I	He went directly to the driver 's door on his van and the elevator doors opened .
tr	I	The muscles in his neck began to bulge and the show director 's voice rose with every word .
tr	I	He was very jealous , and he had a thing for Britney .
tr	I	Then I saw that it was Stanton 's number , but I almost hoped Alicia had more to tell me .
tr	I	He deemed himself strong , and therefore he gathered to himself spirits out of the halls of Ea that he had perverted to his service .
tr	O	他偶尔开过锁，但是他总是把它们重新锁好。
tr	I	It was starting to dry in waves and her blonde hair was still wet .
tr	O	我的手机震动了，并且我接听了。
tr	I	They grew louder until they eclipsed all other sounds , but the voices were distant .
tr	O	我不得不以暴力威胁他，并且我不想告诉你我不得不做的事情。
tr	I	I couldn 't think what , but it reminded me of something .
tr	I	I 'm sorry you don 't want me to , and I 'm sorry that I have to do this .
tr	I	That once he left , their short-lived relationship would meet its end , and she would no longer be his pupil .
tr	I	Those around me said it should have been , but it was not an honor .
tr	O	伊丽莎白一直有超出预算的习惯，并且她不会告诉任何人她在做什么。
tr	O	空气从我的肺部冲出，并且我挠了挠下巴上的胡茬以掩饰恐惧。
tr	O	保护那些小男孩并不是她出生的唯一原因，但是这当然是其中一个重要的原因。
tr	O	感觉离开不是正确的选择，然而我却想不出还能做什么。
tr	O	马桶冲水了，并且鲍威尔急匆匆地走进客厅，拉上裤子的拉链。
tr	I	I could see its truth , but I hadn 't thought that through .
tr	O	他的眼泪流得更凶了，并且他啪地一声合上了手机。
tr	O	她的头转向我，并且我把舌头伸进她的嘴里，同时把她的手指推进她的阴户。
tr	I	I lay there still as a rock in anticipation , and I felt his face between my legs .
tr	O	快到十点了，并且他从我训练回家后就一直在我家。
tr	O	泰拉开始抽泣，并且他把她抱起来，搂在怀里，向前大步走去。
tr	O	他只去过她家那一晚，就那么一次，并且那是她生命中最甜蜜、最浪漫的夜晚。
tr	O	就在那时办公室的门大开，而且查明冲了进来。
tr	O	尽管使用它，但是请不要浪费它。
tr	I	I had to resist the urge to dart back into the action , and Hatred flared in my chest .
tr	O	我承认时感觉自己像个失败者，但是那时已经一点多了。
tr	I	He did scream when his arm was broken in an attempt to cuff him but he didn 't resist .
tr	O	他想抗议，但是她可爱的撅嘴诱惑了他。
tr	I	It sounded like there was more than one set and I could hear some feet shuffling outside the car .
tr	O	我转身问他一个问题，而且他猛地把脸从我旁边移开。
tr	I	One thing 's for sure , but I don 't know much about him yet .
tr	I	She rose early to make her preparations , and it was still raining the next morning .
tr	O	他打电话来查看阿曼达的情况，并且我说她的瘀伤几乎消失了。
tr	I	Her awareness of Jake was uppermost , but she tried them all , wanting to experience everything about tonight .
tr	I	That wouldn 't keep him here , but he didn 't seem particularly happy about it , either .
tr	I	I 'll see what else I can get you and let me talk it out .
tr	O	埃里克带着做笔记的神情观察着这一切，而且帕姆公开地嘲笑。
tr	O	他的眼睛因疼痛而睁大，而且我握住了他的手。
tr	O	她的眼睛是死的，绝望的，但是她还是她自己。
tr	O	天已经黑了，并且风刮得很猛。
tr	I	She feebly tries to raise her head and I support her neck under my arm .
tr	O	树枝的沙沙声沉寂了，但是大地的轰鸣声持续不断。
tr	I	A whimpering human was pushed inside , and the door open .
tr	I	The translation got lost , but I could tell there was supposed to be meaning in his words .
tr	O	戴恩伸出了手，并且德鲁感激地握住了它。
tr	O	我摸到了一具尸体，并且它沾满了血。
tr	I	That question had bothered me for a very long time , but I could still skip away .
tr	O	两人都自信进攻可以随心所欲地传球，但是他们宁愿为贝加莫保留一些实力。
tr	O	我的牛仔裤仍然湿透了，但是它们不得不等一等。
tr	I	He knew it , and he had me .
tr	I	He shifted under her assessing gaze and Penny narrowed her stare at him .
tr	I	I needed to remember that and she was the real mastermind .
tr	O	他摸了摸我的一些地方，问是否疼，并且接着给了我一个眼神，仿佛他不相信我。
tr	O	他伸手去握她的手，并且她把手掌放进他手心。
tr	O	朱利安看着自己的手，而且米娅也看着它们。
tr	O	那是个谎言，但是她还没完全准备好，你知道的，直言不讳。
tr	I	He caught her arm , and she turned to leave .
tr	I	It was late , and I glanced at the clock .
tr	O	她解除了婚约，并且她很礼貌地要求你离她远点。
tr	O	你没给我留电话号码，而且你也没打电话。
tr	O	他张开双臂，并且她走进了他的怀抱。
tr	O	爱情本是件快乐的事，但是他让它变得悲伤。
tr	O	一个声音召唤着她，但是她听不清那些话。
tr	I	Sugar didn 't think this was true , but those quizzes assumed that if people were brave in one situation , they 'd be brave in another .
tr	I	He crosses the space between us , stepping right over the fire as he heads toward me and he ignores her when she calls his name .
tr	O	克拉苏的表情保持平静，但是他的声音听起来沙哑。
tr	O	她回以挥手，微笑着，并且他们就消失了。
tr	I	Another if something went wrong , and one to say it was completed successfully .
tr	I	A chest sits beside it , and a bed is pushed against a far wall of the room .
tr	I	Suddenly we 're flying towards the ring of fire as fast as we can and instead he reverses direction .
tr	O	小屋已经安静了一个多小时，而且克丽丝确信斯科特已经睡着了。
tr	O	她听出了他声音中的紧张，而且她努力保持完全平静。
tr	O	他没有恢复意识，并且约瑟夫看到那人头部所受的可怕打击时并不感到惊讶。
tr	I	It had a wide bed of fine , yellow sand , but the water was only about thirty feet across .
tr	I	Julia crept toward the window , and Cassie darted down the hall .
tr	O	他是生命的第一迹象，并且他受到了极大的赞赏。
tr	O	华雷斯和我同时移开了视线，而且我知道我们都得出了相同的结论。
tr	I	We were still the only people in the library , but she glanced around as if someone might be listening .
tr	I	My hair is falling flat , and my make-up is melting off .
tr	I	I happened to go along with him to one of his auditions and a buddy of mine was a theater major .
tr	I	It made me uneasy to think of Freaks gathering , and patrols went out to keep our territory clear .
tr	I	The moonlight showed the horror on her face , and she stood , staring up at him , her chest heaving .
tr	O	她当时微微一笑，而且他胸中有什么温暖的东西开始展开。
tr	I	Money is money , but I had come dangerously close to moving my hand up .
tr	O	那个男人的形象将永远烙印在我的记忆中，但是这个人……这个人与我记忆中的并不完全相符。
tr	O	她通常要求不多，但是她意识到家里没有什么适合招待客人的东西。
tr	O	每个人都为圣诞节装饰，但是也就这样了。
tr	I	She listen still half-heartedly and the men continued with the conversation .
tr	O	玛吉直视着他的眼睛，并且莉迪亚屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	Gregori instantly dipped down to taste it with his tongue , and a small dot of red clung to the corner of her mouth .
tr	I	She thought it possible her journey had been in vain , and he was silent for quite some time .
tr	O	他身上的某种气味很奇怪，但是她无法准确说出那是什么。
tr	I	Catherine dismissed him with a smile and Serge was hovering in the hallway .
tr	I	Her stomach gave a little lurch , and the world spun .
tr	O	他等待着，但是什么也没发生。
tr	O	他开心地笑了，并且他们开始了。
tr	I	She smiled at him from her end of the table , and he shifted another look at Melinda .
tr	I	She needed to sugarcoat the truth , but Ava didn 't want to lie .
tr	I	Now her mouth had been transformed into a bleeding grin , and she had put on fresh lipstick before approaching .
tr	I	It was making me sick thinking about it and that really was out of character for her .
tr	I	I blushed and he winked at me .
tr	I	I remained silent , but they all laughed again .
tr	I	It was dark and she booked a late flight back to North Carolina .
tr	I	His smile didn 't hold any snarkiness and there were little crinkle lines at the corners of his eyes .
tr	O	黛拉对马丁检查她并不高兴，但是他触摸她肋骨时我一直握着她的手。
tr	I	Two of them put their guns down and that seemed to relax the guards somewhat .
tr	O	我绝不应该离开我的家，并且我将永远找不到它了。
tr	O	现在训练已经开始奏效了，并且我能明白他为什么晋升得这么快。
tr	I	I was put into bed as soon as I was brought in doors and my side was once more sticky with blood .
tr	O	我的手伸向他的头，并且我的头向后仰。
tr	I	It was as if she had no control over her muscles , and her nerves tingled with desire .
tr	I	That meant the end of her classes for the day , and the class finished .
tr	I	The aisle was too narrow but I tried to push past him .
tr	O	她一开始没有看到他，但是当她看到他时，她后退了，摇着头。
tr	O	她几乎能感觉到它，但是话又说回来，她了解他们俩。
tr	I	I was , but it was dumb to be embarrassed in front of Catherine .
tr	O	我走向门口，并且当我看到马库斯的堂弟罗密欧时，我震惊了。
tr	O	瑞秋从未害怕过飞行，但是她从未踏上登机廊桥而不考虑坠机的可能性。
tr	I	He was going to be impaled by those spikes and he couldn 't see where he was going .
tr	I	She knew I was pissed , and I stared directly at her .
tr	O	我的财富随着我沉没的货物消失了，并且我一无所有，名下空空。
tr	O	他曾向她要求过，并且她也值得他同样的对待。
tr	O	她把它递给他，但是他没有拿。
tr	I	Dennis thought he heard a touch of sarcasm in her tone , but maybe it was her accent .
tr	I	It seemed like a fit and she tried the name out .
tr	O	安布尔打断了他，想告诉他她和鲍比国王已经解决了他们的问题。
tr	I	No one else seems surprised , but I glance around .
tr	O	她认识那个声音，因为她多年来与那个战士说过很多次话，而且杰夫还活着的时候他也去过她家。
tr	I	Then he waits on line , and Danny waits by the entrance .
tr	I	It was impossible to say how long she would stay that way , but there was no flutter , so she really was unconscious .
tr	O	我告诉他们凯尔无处可寻，但是我确实看到了我认为是人手的东西。
tr	I	In her heart , she shuddered , but Violet patted her sister 's arm .
tr	O	我没有回答，而且我想沉湎于那些阻碍我的坏念头。
tr	O	萨姆心满意足地吃饱了杰克的晚餐，并且在威尔狼吞虎咽时靠了回去。
tr	I	He was too far gone to take it easy , but he pumped his pelvis a few times .
tr	O	她在说话，但是我没有听见。
tr	O	他们都挥了挥手，并且车灯闪烁了。
tr	I	They affected her equally , yet the brothers moved so differently .
tr	O	阴沉让他心神不安，但是寂静更让他担忧。
tr	I	I 'm sure she can , as well and I can hear the hopelessness in my voice .
tr	O	我没有接到多少电话，但是我还是接了。
tr	O	他可以演戏，并且她可以在百货商店找份工作。
tr	O	意大利文艺复兴曾是一件美好的事物，并且我曾惊叹于看着人类的聪明才智在过去几个令人沮丧的世纪后重新觉醒。
tr	O	卡姆登的拳头紧握着，并且哈维尔也看到了。
tr	O	我当然知道媒体会是怎样，但是我也知道每篇文章至少有一些真实性。
tr	O	我开始抗议，但是她打断了我。
tr	I	Trees choked the back of the house , and a patch of land had been cleared around the front .
tr	I	Chocolate milk comes out my nose and I snort .
tr	I	That doesn 't mean so much these days with all those dental installment plans , but you have fine teeth .
tr	I	It was enough to tell her that he had a conscience but it wasn 't more than a hairline crack in his demeanor .
tr	O	她一如既往地性感，但是她身上有一种戴尔在与她上床前从未注意到的脆弱。
tr	O	他的头完全秃了，但是他灰白的身体上覆盖着稀疏的黑毛，这些毛发非常粗硬，几乎像短刺。
tr	I	It is , and I mentally check to make sure that my wall is still intact .
tr	O	所有一切都汇聚在一起，并且我们只是连接在一起的身体。
tr	I	She gave credit to the coffee in her hands , but she had a strange sense of warmth as she walked across the quad .
tr	O	她的身材不怎么好，但是男孩们在那之后确实注意到了她。
tr	O	尼克说，并且他的声音出奇地平静。
tr	O	我憎恨自己即将说出的话，但是我却如此拼命地想让他向我敞开心扉。
tr	O	我又舔了一下，并且沃克闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	他现在在泰国，因为那里的烟更好——至少他是这么说的——，并且他的胸部有纹身。
tr	I	It had nothing to do with the costs and he was incredibly stubborn .
tr	I	Weapons ports formed a dotted line all way round the long oval vessels , and a command deck protruded from the top of each ship .
tr	I	I could tell she was breaking apart inside , but Emily pulled it together enough to fool Noah .
tr	O	她笑了，并且她的腿又开始摆动起来。
tr	O	我已经彻底不想继续这次谈话了，而且我下节课前还有作业要完成。
tr	I	I bit down on my lip to keep from crying out , and my shoulder screamed in protest .
tr	O	一个女人在门口清了清嗓子，并且考特尼走进房间。
tr	I	The timing couldn 't be better since she needed a break from everything , and nothing to do for two whole days .
tr	I	Then I remembered what Brandon told me , but my heart blazed because she was right .
tr	I	She looked very tired , and Worry etched her brow .
tr	O	他举起了手杖，而且那些雕刻的木蛇在昏暗的光线下显得异常生动。
tr	O	我们只是弄清楚需要做什么，而且我们为彼此做那件事。
tr	O	我们总是争吵，但是我从未把那些话说出口。
tr	O	我想知道到底发生了什么，但是我强迫自己闭嘴。
tr	O	沉重的马蹄声吸引了她的注意，并且她回到了木栅栏旁。
tr	I	From there I have to take a ship , and the plain will take me in Athens city .
tr	I	Her hair was even wilder than usual , and Tear tracks marred her beautiful face .
tr	I	You will eat it and I 'm going to make you something to eat .
tr	I	Alice seemed to understand that it was a cry of pain , but the sound that escaped out of my mouth was very quiet .
tr	O	他掀起了盖子，并且福克斯取回了一支雪茄。
tr	I	They were words she had never been able to escape , and his last words to her in life had been ones of accusation .
tr	I	They were still just as useful , but the other side had less outfits .
tr	I	I can 't believe she 'd even apply , and that wouldn 't work .
tr	O	她有时会自大，并且那会让她被抓住。
tr	O	她清了清嗓子，比她预想的要响亮一点，并且里弗转过身来，他的脏辫随之弹跳。
tr	O	列车长喊出了即将到来的宾夕法尼亚车站，并且我感到一阵兴奋的颤抖穿过我。
tr	O	她的嘴唇微张，并且她的眼睛充满了欲望。
tr	O	甚至一想到那个故事我就觉得恶心，但是我知道我不能提它。
tr	O	人可能会变，但是他们的眼睛一辈子都不会变。
tr	O	她打开了她的聊天框，但是没有消息。
tr	O	学校刚刚结束，并且他们认为我们还没有准备好。
tr	I	He didn 't see her , but he spent the night hidden among the trees just outside the Arapaho village looking for Evening Star .
tr	I	All that remained was to spring it , and the trap had been set for Nick .
tr	I	His soul would be at peace in heaven and Logan 's body would be at peace here .
tr	O	他们上的是同一所学校，但是他却打球。
tr	I	I found it difficult to swallow and a lump formed in my throat .
tr	I	It never hurt us and it tasted just awful .
tr	I	My father was killed defending his house , and then the wars came to this land .
tr	I	Colin listened with pride , and she immediately began describing her vision for the inn .
tr	O	现在她不仅要照顾她的两个妹妹，而且她还在经营一个成熟的德克萨斯牧场。
tr	O	他显然是我第一个这样做的人，并且我决心下一个男人会是我的丈夫。
tr	O	格雷厄姆已经离开了，尽管床上留有他魁梧身体的凹痕，并且被子也乱七八糟。
tr	I	She wasn 't sure whether she wanted to lie in it , but unfortunately , this Goldilocks had made her bed .
tr	O	斯特凡可能在楼上睡着了，并且梅雷迪思想保持这样。
tr	I	She inquired nothing further , but at this , Teresa looked confused .
tr	O	我差点把甜甜圈咳到他飞船的仪表板上，并且那样可就不好了。
tr	O	这是一片非常广阔的土地，并且它就在这里，唾手可得。
tr	O	我想哀悼，但是哀悼将不得不等待。
tr	O	她移动得比他的约会对象更轻柔，但是被抛弃的声音却是一样的。
tr	O	我约会过的两个男孩都足够好，但是我与他们任何一个都很少有共同兴趣。
tr	O	迪伦的手放在萨凡纳的臀部上，并且他的脸上挂着一个愚蠢至极的笑容。
tr	O	我知道她不会，并且我对此心存感激。
tr	I	He promised nothing would happen while he was there but I was wary after what Caleb said about other wolves sensing the animal within me .
tr	O	阳光照亮了她头发上的铜色亮点，并且我看到了她玳瑁眼镜后眼角的皱纹。
tr	O	克莱丽转身看向他所看的地方，但是他已经抓住她，把她推下了两座山丘之间的凹陷处。
tr	O	瓦伦丁在韦兰庄园抚养杰斯，并且在湖边的房子里抚养乔纳森。
tr	O	艾登张开了嘴，但是地面在临近风暴的重压下颤抖。
tr	I	There 'd been a group of them , and they 'd had a vehicle , after all .
tr	I	I wanted to look at the pictures of Summer Dawn at eight , and something was niggling at me .
tr	I	Now my arm was bleeding a lot and I pulled the leech off rather violently earlier .
tr	O	它对他低语的词语充满了熟悉感，并且每次它们的痛苦都加剧了，填满了他灵魂中的黑暗深渊。
tr	I	His lips parted as he tried to speak and he blinked through swollen eyes .
tr	O	那是一个很大的村庄，并且他估计有五十多名战士。
tr	I	I slowly trudged towards it , and it was the last door in the hallway .
tr	O	她把照片还给了我，并且我把它放回了相框里。
tr	O	不过在这种情况下，这是真的，并且答案非常简单。
tr	I	She loved César -- only César , but she had not meant to hurt him .
tr	O	我不得不赊账购买它，但是能有工作之外的消遣，而且不仅仅是电视，真是太好了。
tr	O	保罗称塔米·李为他的南方美人，但是杰奎琳看到的只是一个乡巴佬。
tr	I	Her stark need of him made him want her even more and she didn 't try to hide her reaction to his touch .
tr	I	Warren glanced over his shoulder , and I went stiff with shock .
tr	O	她用指甲非常轻地划过他的后背，但是他却猛地直起身，一声无法言喻的叫喊从他喉咙里撕裂而出。
tr	O	我确实如此，但是如果他不是那么难缠，他会对我们所有人更好。
tr	O	巴特一口喝光了，并且卢克因骄傲而容光焕发。
tr	I	After a minute , I feel great again , and I follow directions .
tr	O	它让我吓了一跳，但是那头雄鹿猛烈地抽动着，以至于我有一瞬间以为它被击中了。
tr	O	我毫无疑问地爱他，并且我知道那个男人爱我。
tr	I	Deep down I knew I 'd had a lucky escape , but I cried for my dead baby every day for a month afterwards .
tr	O	她曾试图说服我去参加某个姐妹会招募会议，但是我礼貌地拒绝了。
tr	I	You 've seen him , and I raised Darius on the stuff .
tr	O	那真不是什么惊喜，但是看到热力学表现良好真是太好了。
tr	I	He 'll send men to set things straight and we 'll take word to my father .
tr	I	Her breasts tumbled out and she got it open .
tr	I	I feel time fading , like the morning mist and I concentrate on that moment as warmth spreads throughout my body .
tr	I	She slammed it onto her head anyway , but the red would clash horribly with her strawberry blond hair .
tr	O	戴克斯俯身到我的桌子上想看得更清楚些，并且我闻到了一股好闻的木质香气。
tr	I	She would meet him at home and she told him to go ahead .
tr	O	他的一边嘴角上扬，并且他的手放在了我的臀部。
tr	O	她的话让我停了下来，并且我后仰了一下。
tr	I	What hurts even worse is what it represents , but the pain is unbearable .
tr	I	It had already happened , and perhaps I hadn 't realised it .
tr	O	几个小时过去了，并且街道变得繁忙起来。
tr	I	They had no real evidence to put him away , but the FBI had the killer in custody .
tr	I	Gods , the rest of her needed a shower , and her hair was in desperate need of a brush .
tr	O	她的眼睛闪闪发光，并且她苍白的皮肤泛起了红晕。
tr	I	Mitch in casting proved different but she had been warned about the legendary producer 's cool reserve .
tr	I	Then I walked towards it , but I was bedazzled at first .
tr	I	The core group would never change because they were family , but he could dump his money , hire who he wanted .
tr	I	Again it passed after a couple of seconds , but a red curtain descended for the second time .
tr	O	伊芙跟了过去，并且汤米加入了她，牵着她的手。
tr	I	The red light flashed as the unit began a digital recording , and I pressed the button to answer .
tr	O	我需要一个分心的事物，或者我就会输掉比赛。
tr	I	His breath started to even and she reached behind his back , holding him as his body stopped shaking .
tr	O	我明白他为什么这么问，但是我遗憾地摇了摇头。
tr	I	I wondered what emotion was playing out in his head and his brow furrowed deeply .
tr	O	他移出了摄像机镜头，但是布列塔尼留了下来。
tr	O	他的手指甚至还没有滑到我的内裤下面，但是我的身体就已经有了反应。
tr	I	It was one I 'd never , ever planned on , but maybe I had a whole new life waiting for me .
tr	I	Her heart was heavy , but Zoey took her DSM gladly .
tr	O	很快本能就占据了主导，并且她照他说的做了。
tr	O	他咧嘴一笑，并且我咆哮起来。
tr	I	You have to remember that those two work for rival papers , but my opinion of Nolan isn 't as negative as hers .
tr	I	Suspicions were forming , and I wondered what was happening .
tr	O	各位，我很抱歉，但是我感到累了。
tr	O	丹尔回答了，并且盖尔没有回应。
tr	I	It was too late , but in the last second he tried to halt his momentum .
tr	O	黑夜笼罩着她，但是它并非寂静无声。
tr	O	最终她依偎在他身上，并且他感觉到她的嘴角向上弯成一个笑容。
tr	I	He deserved to die , and he was evil incarnate .
tr	O	她说话含糊不清，并且她的眼睛显得失焦。
tr	I	I can 't smile because my tummy hurts , but I really want to stay here really bad .
tr	O	这听起来不错，并且他看起来很高兴。
tr	O	她感觉到达蒙是真的生气了，但是因为某种原因试图隐藏。
tr	I	I sneak a glance at my watch , and we end the song to cheers .
tr	O	她没有反抗他，但是她也没有回应。
tr	I	He felt a hot flush now realizing his mistake and the boy 's heart now was in his throat .
tr	O	一只手蜷缩在他的肩膀上，并且她似乎正在努力集中注意力。
tr	I	He kept popping up in my head , but I tried to forget about the man I met on the way home .
tr	O	几个仆人出来迎接他，并且他们从他手中接过行李。
tr	I	It happened frequently enough , but it certainly wasn 't a practice they all engaged in .
tr	O	她想要这个，并且她已经准备好了。
tr	I	I didn 't want to play anymore and my little floating shell had sunk quickly in the waves .
tr	O	斐济没有见过警长，但是她从他的竞选海报上认出了他。
tr	I	It was what they had done for centuries but there was very little chance of them being ignited .
tr	I	Then he stirred lightly , and for a moment there was no response from Resnick .
tr	O	他跪了下来，并且从他脸上的表情我知道出事了。
tr	O	那也会让你的老板高兴，并且当封锁恢复后，其他人也会放松下来。
tr	O	我被紧紧地压在枕头上，但是那不完全是一个枕头。
tr	I	The laser regimen would take months against all that messy scar tissue , but I wanted them to remove the scars on my hip .
tr	O	她想知道，但是她没有问。
tr	O	人群仍然没有散去，并且我们很快就发现自己被挤得如此之紧，以至于呼吸明显变得困难。
tr	I	Sam noticed that his gaze was firmly on Mortimer as he said that , and Bricker said .
tr	O	圣诞老人昨晚应该来了，但是比利还在等待。
tr	I	She 'd be free for nearly seven weeks , and the school break would officially begin in a day 's time .
tr	I	I will provide you with all the glamour you need , for as long as they are alive , and give me the two humans , Prince .
tr	I	I listened with a sleepy yawn , fighting to pay attention , and he started talking about a few tracks .
tr	O	卡罗琳把一个镶着象牙的小木盒推给她，并且哈里特颤抖着双手接过了它。
tr	I	We agreed he couldn 't be left on his own , but Spence was a reluctant companion on this journey .
tr	I	I hear her mom gasp and she responds in kind .
tr	I	She was not about to lose herself in senseless emotion , and someone , something , was in her room , waiting for her .
tr	O	她知道这一切都是真的，但是被大声说出来似乎就让它板上钉钉了。
tr	O	她的卧室门砰地一声开了，并且瑟琳娜立刻站了起来，手里拿着一个烛台。
tr	O	他们只是不知道如何表达，并且他才刚刚开始学习。
tr	I	It was becoming increasingly difficult to do some of these stretches , but perhaps it was her age .
tr	O	在生活中她拥有如此之少，并且她唯一珍视的东西，她的女儿，被从她身边夺走了。
tr	I	I had scoffed at him and we had really been there .
tr	O	吸血鬼们已经很久没有进食了，并且人血的味道肯定让他们发狂。
tr	O	他把她拉到他的腿上，并且她用手臂环住了他的脖子。
tr	I	He will be able to take me home , and his car will be in the parking lot .
tr	O	我已放弃对王位的要求，并发誓效忠长老们——效忠克雷恩——直到牛族王子被击退。
tr	O	他姐姐无疑很早就知道正确的说法了，但是他却随口跟着起哄。
tr	O	月亮升起来了，并且我能看到好几颗星星。
tr	O	他的手指滑下我肩上的衬衫，并且他躲开我渴望的嘴唇去亲吻它们裸露的顶部。
tr	I	He 'd also shaved off the beard but since yesterday he 'd had his hair trimmed .
tr	I	It sank into the chasm from which its life force came and Energy fell away from the tower .
tr	I	Ross wouldn 't budge but Marianna shoved harder .
tr	I	She may have thrown a chair at the woman 's head , but she wasn 't sure .
tr	I	He 'd departed right after Sean had interrupted Andrea 's dance , and Dylan hadn 't asked Andrea about Glory tonight .
tr	I	It would allow Zeus to roam , but it didn 't shorten his commute much .
tr	I	Joseph wasn 't finished , but I started to respond .
tr	I	Bending down , he placed a light kiss on each cheek , and then he ran the towel over her perfect rear end .
tr	I	He nodded , though he was suddenly very thirsty and Elec 's vision was beginning to return to normal .
tr	I	My parents didn 't believe in dating , but oops , I didn 't mean to blurt that out so loudly .
tr	I	Maybe it 's his waxed eyebrows , or he wears a patient , understanding look that grates on me straightaway .
tr	O	他们组织严密，团结一致，并且他们已经学会了如何战斗。
tr	O	站在雕像前，惊奇感涌上他们所有人的心头，并且所有的姐妹们开始提问。
tr	I	It rubbed him the eyes and you licked the legs .
tr	O	他们的笔写笔记的速度比我所能想象的还要快，并且我的手指不止一次感到快要抽筋了。
tr	O	龙的声音哽咽了，并且他突然开始抽泣。
tr	O	她赤裸的双脚因踩踏混凝土而疼痛，但是她忽视了疼痛。
tr	I	The sweaty man kept talking , but Steven was hoping for that moment where he could thank the person responsible for everything that had happened .
tr	I	He 'll be hunting me , soon , but I 've managed to get away from him .
tr	O	Kiara曾告诉他他那样做看起来很蠢，但是那对他来说一直奏效。
tr	O	我等他再说点什么，但是他没有，所以我说了。
tr	O	我不得不把我的心分成两半，并且那是无法弥补的。
tr	O	他们过去无话不谈，但是他注意到她现在会引导他避开某些话题。
tr	O	这与你无关，但是我会确保一直有警卫守在你的门外。
tr	I	With a sustained pull , it will fail , and I have seen that tree working with your weight on it .
tr	I	I remembered another note , one for the costume designer , but that wasn 't the thing I 'd forgotten .
tr	O	影子慢慢出现，并且图像变黑了。
tr	I	I did it and it had needed to be done .
tr	I	Suddenly he felt weak in the knees and he turned away .
tr	O	马提尼克希望维多利亚和她一起搬回家住，但是她拒绝了。
tr	I	Soon I 'd have a full-on attack and panic was overtaking me .
tr	O	她知道他不会放她走，但是他肯定不能让这永远持续下去。
tr	I	Part is due to Kira 's inexperience , and part of that is due to your hasty exit .
tr	I	She was crying , and it was Ayako .
tr	I	A deep rumble was emanating through his closed mouth , but Blue was no longer barking .
tr	I	I can smell death in the air , and cracks web the foundation , charred black .
tr	I	That 's how they got so close to her , and there was a car just to Gem 's right .
tr	I	He barely held in a laugh and his eyes came back to me .
tr	I	He 'd found he couldn 't , but when she 'd suggested coffee , his first inclination had been to refuse .
tr	I	The idea of waiting until then seems impossible , but my flight doesn 't leave until the morning .
tr	I	She blinked a few times to clear away the haze , and her vision was blurry .
tr	I	Most of these were strong even for dwarves , but the dwarves are exceedingly strong for their height .
tr	O	他按住她，并且他抚摸着她的身体。
tr	O	我的手开始灼热，并且她仍然没有回应。
tr	I	You , Sloane and it 's me .
tr	I	The heavy front door opened , and a sharp click echoed from the latch below .
tr	O	他的眼下有黑眼圈，并且他的脸颊因胡茬而粗糙。
tr	I	I was glad that I couldn 't see most of the contents of the trailer , and I stood in a dark narrow hallway .
tr	O	他感到她放下了他抓住的手臂，但是她仍在颤抖。
tr	O	孤儿院原本只能容纳五十名孤儿，但是他们独自到来，有些还带着年幼的兄弟姐妹。
tr	O	他向前倾，张开嘴巴按在我的后腰处，然后用力吸吮，足以将皮肤吸入齿间。
tr	I	It showed on his quivering lips , and his worse fear was leading the monsters back to his family .
tr	O	他身上没有一丝赘肉，但是乔希确实很能吃。
tr	I	He wasn 't about to explain , but Arnie didn 't know how Doc Manner got that story .
tr	I	I signed a statement as well , and they took the details of him down .
tr	I	He had relentlessly listened to me and I had told Victor a lot .
tr	I	I was back in the temple , and I blinked .
tr	I	I couldn 't seem to contain my displeasure , but okay , maybe that was a little harsh .
tr	I	I hate it and I know this deep down inside .
tr	O	他选择了自己的道路，并且那是一趟单程旅程。
tr	I	You could tell the outline but you could see where the old padi fields had stood down by the river , overgrown now .
tr	I	It was the perfect size to store her equipment , but it was small , only around fifty square feet .
tr	I	She loved them , too and they loved her daughter .
tr	O	我试了收音机，但是没有人回应我。
tr	I	Then , as the cigarette burned his fingers , he came back to reality , and thoughts occupied his mind for a few moments .
tr	O	门咔哒一声，并且他立刻就知道玛丽不只是对他关上门而已。
tr	O	伊万站在阿拉里克床边，并且他焦躁地示意基利。
tr	O	他厉声说道，并且我感觉到他刀片的刀刃抵在史蒂夫的喉咙上。
tr	I	There was a lot of it and the sex was great .
tr	O	他尖叫，并且如果他再说别的什么，我不会听的。
tr	I	I still felt stupid , nonetheless , but I don 't even know why , I didn 't even really like the guy .
tr	O	她猛地把它拉开，并且他们俩都掉了进去。
tr	O	除了把孩子们聚集起来，其他什么都不重要了。
tr	I	The door swings open , and I clasp onto the metal latch .
tr	I	She returned it , and I smiled at her .
tr	I	It took everything in Mairi not to blurt them out , and words of love made her throat tighten .
tr	I	It ain 't over and she 's out there .
tr	O	我讨厌和佩内洛普争吵，但是我不想被强迫做任何事。
tr	I	She was shown to a seat near the back of the room , and Lara allowed herself to be taken into a classroom filled with children .
tr	O	他的目光从未离开过她，并且他对着电话说。
tr	I	He did need to tell her , and both ways , he was screwed .
tr	O	帕奇说他可以进入我的梦境，但是我必须对这个想法持开放态度。
tr	I	Half the men were over at once , tugging it farther up , and the bottom of the boat grated on sand .
tr	O	她的脸因尴尬而泛红，但是除此之外她没有动摇。
tr	O	他们这样做了，并且他让他们互相说出自己的诺言。
tr	I	I want his mouth back and we are both breathing heavily .
tr	O	安吉拉点点头，再次引导威廉来到各个控制装置旁，并且他们再次等待，直到第二个按钮后面亮起一盏灯。
tr	I	It had been quite painless and his last ditch effort was hypnosis .
tr	O	扎恩曾被生活击垮，就像她一样，但是两人都已重新振作。
tr	O	我把信封递给她，并且她拿出便条。
tr	I	It was very imprecise and there was no pattern .
tr	O	他本可以攻击我，但是我并不害怕。
tr	O	他进了他的大门，并且我进了我的门。
tr	O	伊恩点了一份组合拼盘，并且马丁内斯先生退回厨房。
tr	O	他已经取了她的血，并且然后杰弗里残害了她。
tr	I	I couldn 't quite get it out , but well , it was exactly like that .
tr	O	前廊的灯灭了，并且汽车停在车道上。
tr	I	She couldn 't be convinced of anything otherwise , but the very thought of it made me gag .
tr	O	我感谢玛丽昂内特，并且她让我独自和但丁在一起。
tr	O	他们无疑正在适应与保姆一起的生活，并且她想知道他们中是否有人像她思念他们一样绝望地思念她。
tr	I	He didn 't know how to go on by himself and the thing with Wilson was a real turn in his life .
tr	I	He 's not moving , but he 's trying to pull himself through .
tr	I	She needed to do some rational thinking about her actions and she was exhausted .
tr	I	We travel quickly to the cabin and I transform into the eagle .
tr	O	国王喊道，并且其他卫兵冲向他们。
tr	O	我还有一周时间，而且转会传闻已经开始了。
tr	O	他的衣服破烂不堪，并且他的身体瘦骨嶙峋。
tr	O	对杰西来说，这些画面却无法连贯，并且她发现自己即将遇到写作瓶颈。
tr	O	我并非一直是个好人，但是我一直努力成为一个更好的人。
tr	O	我眨了眨眼，并且她笑了。
tr	O	小心点，否则你会把它刺穿的。
tr	O	布雷克的语气带着笑意，并且他自动地挠了挠米奇的下巴。
tr	I	The two oldest get away from her , but I 've given orders that they remain indoors .
tr	I	He nodded and I responded .
tr	O	他向前走了一步，但是莎拉却后退了一步。
tr	O	斯巴达人紧握住他的盾牌，并且一种冷峻的平静布满了他的脸。
tr	O	在征友栏目中，绝对隐私的习俗非常强烈，而且其他男人甚至不会看他一眼。
tr	I	There 's no way around it , but I turn it over in my mind every way I can .
tr	O	她一直在听，但是却没有看。
tr	O	她说，起初可能感觉有什么东西正试图入侵他的思想，但是要让他听从自己内心的指引。
tr	I	His lips are at my ear and his cool hand is stroking my back .
tr	O	这似乎对他产生了某种影响，但是他试图隐藏它。
tr	O	他知道这座塔的用途，根据他在利物浦看过的图纸，并且他很喜欢它的外观。
tr	O	那条双车道公路向前延伸，并且零星的汽车落在后面。
tr	O	我开玩笑地认为它通过声音密码开启，但是我的猜测没有得到证实。
tr	O	你已经向他解释过我们的立场约一百万次了，而且他拒绝听。
tr	I	The tears were trapped in a cold , hard block in her chest , but she wanted to cry , ached to .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt when he pushed it hard , but a large purple bruise covered his entire right side .
tr	I	I need someone to believe in me , and I look down at my sleeping brother .
tr	I	She could still hear him , but she couldn 't see Daemon .
tr	I	Suddenly she was on the ground for the second time of this encounter , and she felt her legs sweep out from under her .
tr	O	我思考过去的几年，而且是的，有些事情是一个孩子绝不应该经历的。
tr	I	Despite his uneasiness , he burst out laughing and that caught him by surprise .
tr	I	Alex rushes over to her , wrapping her arms around her and I think she 's in a sort of shock .
tr	I	They went by and I was getting a bite with Charlie .
tr	I	He gasped , and bright lights appeared , highlighting the landscape around him .
tr	I	Her arms were locked at her sides , but the desire to brush it away hit .
tr	I	The small tool aisle would have to do , but he wished he were in the cutlery aisle .
tr	I	Everything was yet to be gained and a grin broke out across her face as she realized nothing had been lost .
tr	I	She scared me so much , but I didn 't know her .
tr	O	他一直沉浸在自己的思绪中而无法伸出援手，并且现在他已经失去他了。
tr	O	这次归乡必须按照他的条件进行，否则它根本就不会发生。
tr	I	She breathed heavily and her face flushed .
tr	O	詹姆斯轻声笑了笑，但是这件事一点也不好笑。
tr	I	He was smart about it , but he figured out I had been taken .
tr	I	A police officer escorted her inside and Josephine made her way over to the front door .
tr	O	我家的律师非常精通业务，并且这个结果将是理想的。
tr	O	我被击中了两次，但是我直到后来才意识到。
tr	I	She forced herself to ignore her modesty , and the room was now filled with sunlight .
tr	O	我感到眼睛眯了起来，并且我向前迈了一步。
tr	O	连衣裙的紧身胸衣有自己的交错图案，与她的头发相呼应，并且下半部分则轻轻地飘向地面。
tr	O	无忧无虑的Mai带领他前进了一秒钟，在手臂消散之前，并且他带着一种同伴情谊跑进了下一个房间。
tr	I	She suddenly found it hard to breathe and something about the question hit her in the gut .
tr	O	楼下传来一声叫喊，并且我的脚下传来一声闷响，像是有人朝他们的天花板扔了东西。
tr	I	Rachel was too special to risk having a quickie affair with , and he was out of the marriage market .
tr	O	纽带是永恒的，并且这不是可以轻易对待的事情。
tr	O	她试图躲闪，但是她太慢了。
tr	I	They wouldn 't let him , and it conflicts with his Spanish class , though .
tr	O	安德鲁的目光吸引了她，并且哈丽特难以移开视线。
tr	O	我喉咙一紧，并且我紧握双拳。
tr	O	我不知道这怎么可能，但是她又瘦了。
tr	I	The teams raced down to the other end of the court , and it bounced off the rim into the hand of a Duck .
tr	I	She looked down at the screen and nothing happened .
tr	I	I held back enough to keep from forgetting the danger , but it was a close thing .
tr	O	他的外套是用她觉得非常漂亮的灰绿色天鹅绒制成的，并且肩部时髦的短款剪裁凸显了他健硕的身材。
tr	O	他感到她的手指推得更用力了，并且他情不自禁地做出了反应。
tr	O	我猛地一拽，并且他瘫倒在地。
tr	O	他点头，并且我们坐在床上。
tr	I	I can 't but I have to look away .
tr	O	那趟步行很长，并且我心里充满了恐惧。
tr	I	The thought of anything happening to Sergei was devastating and it literally could be murderous .
tr	I	It chased me so much , but I hated thinking about the past .
tr	O	我悄悄地走到楼梯旁，并且我悄悄地开始爬上去。
tr	O	这是一个单向系统，并且车从左边开过来。
tr	I	The longer the trial dragged on , the more blame the jurors would heap upon the party now calling the witnesses , and the jury was sequestered .
tr	O	我控制住了自己，并且我对他的防御很坚固。
tr	O	我听到身后的人们在叫喊，但是我听不懂他们，因为风发出了雷鸣般的声音。
tr	I	I wasn 't able to be with the one person I 'd fallen in love with , and I 'd finally fallen in love .
tr	O	他又打了一下我的后脑勺，但是这一击远没有那么有力。
tr	O	羊皮纸非常适合保存永久记录，但是它对于日常使用来说过于昂贵。
tr	I	I lowered my words to a whisper and the students at the next table turned to look at us .
tr	O	即使是圣人也会难以克制，并且上帝知道他远非圣人。
tr	O	你可以尽情地恨我，但是这是你最后一次拿这个来要挟我了。
tr	I	Nobody 's placed an offer yet , and several potential buyers have been through the house .
tr	I	She wrapped her arms around me and I reached out for Sarah .
tr	I	She could tell he wasn 't convinced the ghost did it , but he grinned .
tr	O	我心念一动，将控制权交给了我的狼，并且她便飞奔起来，加快了我们的速度，在森林中疾驰。
tr	I	Those were smaller but she looked to the counter to see three more bags there .
tr	O	我已经忘记了她是一个人类，但是和她坐在这里，我正在慢慢改变我的看法。
tr	I	One of the lenses was shattered and they were snapped in half .
tr	I	If we don 't sell , we will need his help , but you are the one who is most against selling the company .
tr	O	他此时已经受够了那座山，并且被围困在里面也完全不合他的心意。
tr	I	The scent of her perfume filled my nostrils , and she leaned closer .
tr	I	I couldn 't see a thing , but I had a quick look for Big Bat .
tr	O	他只看了一眼伊莎贝尔·马斯特斯，并且他就改变了主意。
tr	O	我揉了揉他的背，并且他轻拍着脚。
tr	O	那个傻瓜今晚晚些时候还会来找你，并且他上次把那件裙子弄得一团糟。
tr	O	可能是一小撮，或者也可能是上千个。
tr	O	玛洛丽对我眯起了眼睛，并且我感到一丝微弱的魔法兴趣的刺痛——至少在伯纳捏她的胳膊之前是这样。
tr	O	我只是想到这种事就翻白眼，但是他的话语仍然让我高兴。
tr	O	她的黄色露背连衣裙几乎被推到臀部，并且她的双腿以不自然的姿势弯曲着。
tr	I	I enjoyed being close to Lucas even more , but I enjoyed the movie .
tr	I	He should have long since had it taken down and the tree had been dead for five years .
tr	I	I doubt that those two towns are very far apart , but I 'm not sure where that is .
tr	O	几分钟后，我几乎要放弃集中注意力了，但是就在那时我注意到了变化。
tr	O	时间飞逝，并且很快窗外的天空开始变暗。
tr	I	Jaden cut me off , but I opened my mouth .
tr	I	He deserved my trust and he was my friend .
tr	I	He could have been a professional debater , but he was actually a newspaper reporter .
tr	O	他的头发湿漉漉的，像刺猬一样竖着，并且他设法找到了一些干净的衣服。
tr	I	It wasn 't true , but I told you about getting my tubes tied before getting pregnant with you .
tr	I	Amanda seemed content just to be with him , but even Nick complained .
tr	I	Expecting her first child , and his daughter was healed , happily married .
tr	O	拱形屋顶泛着柔和的银蓝色光芒，如同月光，但是屋顶上没有裂缝。
tr	O	门不费吹灰之力就开了，并且我从车里出来了。
tr	I	We were astonished to learn he could communicate on a basic level , and we 'd acquired Butch after his prior owner was killed .
tr	O	我不知道你们大多数人对这座城市了解多少，但是我​​会告诉你们我知道的。
tr	I	They turned to leave and Bia shook its hand .
tr	O	我们繁殖得不那么频繁，但是我们每次都会创造一个新世代。
tr	O	那把长矛他一直带在身边，但是它却指向了杰克。
tr	I	A third line was beginning , but the voice continued in words so clipped that you could hear the shelves full of legal books behind the desk .
tr	I	He touched her in ways that felt unreal , and he was masterful .
tr	O	祈祷需要双手才能开始，但是当虔诚降临时，祈祷就会消逝。
tr	O	她曾把生命托付给他，并且他每次都做到了。
tr	O	我走出房间，而且差点笑得摔倒。
tr	I	Like all of her friends , she 'd no idea what to do , but he knew that Beth was worried sick about her .
tr	O	她的眉毛紧皱着，但是她的脸上却挂着大大的笑容。
tr	I	I turned back to see my broken down room , but I took a few slow steps towards the door .
tr	I	My hands were covered in blood , and he writhed in agony beneath me .
tr	O	我短暂地考虑过追上她，但是我不知道她要去哪里。
tr	O	我的呻吟似乎在激励他，而且他把嘴唇移到我的下巴时，饥渴地低吼着。
tr	I	He placed his hand on her elbow , and he knew this journey had been Sandy 's dream , not hers .
tr	I	The guards were pulling open the doors for the pair , and yes , the gates were up ahead .
tr	O	兰瑟越来越生活在黑暗面，并且他长时间什么也没想。
tr	I	I sat , alone in the car , with the radio off and he shut the door behind him .
tr	O	他很久以前就背叛了他的同类，但是这并不意味着他想杀死另一个小鬼。
tr	I	Then had barely thought about it afterwards , and Clay had said yes in a heartbeat .
tr	O	他们活着，并且他们在一起。
tr	I	I hand over the cash and a beer is put in front of me .
tr	O	她没有权利缝制这条裙子，但是没有其他人愿意帮忙。
tr	I	You can see how that went , and he told Tatiana the exact same thing .
tr	I	I 'm fumbling to free myself and my face is suddenly on fire .
tr	O	你想和那些大孩子一样，但是你还没有足够大。
tr	I	Then he heard something that nearly made him smile , but too slow , old man , he berated himself .
tr	I	Bronze to summon wicked powers , And silver for the demon towers .
tr	I	I moved toward him , and I hopped from foot to foot .
tr	I	I have to learn , but the change is good .
tr	O	埃里克在她身后全速冲刺，并且伊奥娜努力伸展身体以保持领先于他。
tr	O	她认为最可能是第一个人，但是也可能是第二个人。
tr	O	他可能全身蓝色，但是他却气得发疯。
tr	O	我直到那一刻才真正意识到，但是，我确实意识到了。
tr	O	正如他的怒气来得突然一样，伊斯拉看到他的脸庞明朗起来，他微笑着看着她。
tr	O	他的眼睛肿胀着，并且他的脸颊灼热得厉害，以至于他的雀斑几乎消失了。
tr	O	我只是看到了萨姆和艾米丽在一起，并且我无法想象他会和别人在一起。
tr	I	Me beside her with her blood on my hands , and Lexi dying on the side of the road , soaked in her own blood .
tr	O	蕾切尔冲向她的妹妹，并且她们拥抱了。
tr	I	It took both hands to fit the spare tire onto the axle but he wished he could pick up the wrench again .
tr	O	人们没有立即行动，但是我对此没意见。
tr	I	She took a step forward and her eyes narrowed .
tr	O	他不能是第一个放下武器的人，并且他不知道如何从争斗中抽身。
tr	O	要坦诚，并且你就会没事。
tr	O	她脸色变得非常苍白，并且她的呼吸急促起来。
tr	O	我最终在六点钟爬上了床，凝视着天花板，希望睡意能将我带走。
tr	O	会有那么一天，你会乞求死亡，但是死亡会拒绝你。
tr	O	我发出最后一波魔法，并且最后一层石头在我面前化为尘埃。
tr	O	我应该在周五之前有一些东西可以和你们分享，并且我届时会和大家详细讨论。
tr	I	He didn 't eat it , but so today I got a burger for him .
tr	I	He was on the road most of the time in strange towns where he had no companionship , and Norman was a salesman .
tr	I	Something in Chris 's eyes protested , but he was ready to get out , not wanting to risk looking behind another door in this trick house .
tr	O	多亏了乔纳森的调整，这些数字比预期的要好，并且董事会对福利的进展感到满意。
tr	O	树篱开辟成一条小巷，并且路对面是一家叫做佩德罗之家的温馨餐厅。
tr	I	Jessie wouldn 't look at her , but Keely 's eyes stayed on Jessie .
tr	O	他用那双深邃闪烁的眼睛打量着她，并且当他微笑时，伊维的心稍稍融化了。
tr	O	这些世界的安置至关重要，并且我们必须在它们被摧毁的太阳的爆炸冲击到它们之前将它们移走。
tr	O	当他把她转过来时，我看到是米沙，并且她努力喘息时，他正在笑。
tr	O	我们可能不再合租一个公寓了，但是这不改变我如此竭力守护他安全的心情。
tr	I	I saw no immediate conflict of interest with my lecturing responsibilities so I told him I 'd do it and it was presented as a casual request .
tr	O	艾薇多次告诉我关于新狗的事情，但是我从未想过它今晚可能会睡在她的房间里。
tr	O	特里斯坦再也不能威胁她了，并且最重要的是，基甸是安全的。
tr	O	她从走廊壁橱里挂好他的夹克转身时，笑容有些勉强，但是她希望他没有注意到。
tr	I	It is not the chill of old age , and there is a cold chill in my bones .
tr	O	她盯着他，并且他不确定她是否理解了什么。
tr	I	Before Dominic could follow through , a firm voice echoed through the downstairs , but Carmine waited for the blow , blindly striking back at his brother .
tr	O	她咯咯地笑了，并且他抓住她的腰，迅速地吻了她。
tr	O	特雷弗松开了手，并且我轻轻地滑到地上。
tr	I	It was a new car , nonetheless , but granted it wasn 't the sports car Jeremy had bragged he 'd get .
tr	I	He just scared me with what he said , yet he didn 't want me to be scared .
tr	I	She heard the definitive tone in his voice , but Pain etched his expression .
tr	O	正是在这样的时刻，我意识到他是弟弟，然而他坐在王位上。
tr	I	I fight my discomfort and he studies me as one studies a fine painting .
tr	I	I swiped at it with my free hand and a tear rolled down my cheek .
tr	I	He trotted over to her , and she held out her hand .
tr	O	他的小憩起了奇效，并且他昔日的阳刚之气回来了。
tr	I	Fresh tears start pouring from my eyes , and the truth is he is my life .
tr	O	我只见过他一次，而且我当时六岁。
tr	I	The lid slid back , and he flicked open the clasp on the box .
tr	O	她不知道自己是否快要死了，但是这一定就是濒死的感觉。
tr	I	Jared checked my seat belt one last time , and the pilot made his announcements on the intercom .
tr	I	Then I smacked him across the chest , making him grunt , and I absorbed that for a second .
tr	O	她无法隐藏这个事实，而且她确信他已经看到了。
tr	O	他们的牙齿已经不露出来了，但是他仍然能听到他们发出一阵阵低沉的喉音咆哮声。
tr	O	两个男人跳了进去，并且汽车加速驶离了。
tr	O	我的视线模糊了，但是 我能看清我面前的一张脸。
tr	I	Sure enough she was sitting on her bed wiping tears from the corners of her bloodshot eyes and I went into her bedroom without knocking .
tr	O	我自己就是阿斯图里亚人，而且 我比你更了解阿斯图里亚人的心思。
tr	I	My mom calls it insanity and my dad calls it love at first sight .
tr	I	She started to follow him across the floor to the staircase at the rear of the room and he watched her respond with a smile .
tr	O	她和皇室成员说过话，而且 她甚至都不知道？
tr	I	Oliver was immediately taken with her , and Jim Bailey introduced him to Leslie .
tr	O	现在车比夏天开始时多了，但是 尼尔没有在宿舍周围看到任何新面孔。
tr	I	I was going to let him , and he was going to kiss me .
tr	O	然后距离开业还有三十分钟，并且 山姆走到吧台后面开始为茶切柠檬。
tr	I	She held firm -- fire in her eyes , but he struggled .
tr	O	我张开嘴，但是 没有答案说出来。
tr	I	He dared not switch on the bedside lamp and the room was dark .
tr	O	我已派出一支军队去迎接他们，而且 我会在早上亲自加入他们。
tr	O	菲利普那天晚上看到有人把她带走了，并且 我心里害怕她已经死了。
tr	I	It didn 't mean shit wasn 't there , but she didn 't see shit .
tr	I	By this time , it was beyond hope , and he ran a hand through his hair again .
tr	I	He gently squeezed it and his hand reached for hers .
tr	O	我正在想着她的想法，并且其中有些非常苦涩。
tr	I	They used a local supplier , and they said unconvincingly that they knew nothing of the practice of stamping the coffins either .
tr	I	There was a muted sensation of concern and Roth placed a hand on my arm .
tr	O	他点了点头，并且她看起来很恼火。
tr	I	I nodded to him and Joey looked at me .
tr	I	Insecurity I 'd almost forgotten and warm brown eyes stared up at me with a tenderness .
tr	I	Excavators had been moved onto the site and his building application was blocked before the first drainage equipment .
tr	O	斯蒂芬妮转向了特雷弗，并且罗文清了清嗓子。
tr	O	我们将不得不求同存异，并且实在，我看不出我继续留在这里有什么意义。
tr	O	他的声音很悦耳，但是他的笑容很冷淡。
tr	I	The machines stop breathing for Uriah , and the doctor flips some switches , his clipboard clutched to his stomach .
tr	O	即使两个男人都抓住了，那根杆子依然很顽固，并且当他们猛拉它时，它断了。
tr	I	It 's tempered by fear , but the possibilities give me hope .
tr	I	It 's heaven , and we 've been back together for two weeks now .
tr	O	我的腿确实很疼，但是我只是摇了摇头。
tr	I	He could find no entrance , but Neil searched the next morning .
tr	I	She wasn 't tryin ' to hide nothin ' and the moon was right up there .
tr	O	他试图将其归结为又一只大啄木鸟在屋檐下啄木的声音，但是这个尝试失败了。
tr	I	She was laying on the couch in their apartment , and when she fell into the human world , her clothes were dry .
tr	I	I was looking at him and he was looking at the camera .
tr	I	We got in it anyway , but there was a long line .
tr	O	疼痛对他来说不是问题，并且他需要确定他的指示被精确地执行了。
tr	I	He couldn 't handle losing Amanda , but he could handle that .
tr	O	这说不通，并且他拒绝再相信了。
tr	O	我等了几分钟，但是什么也没看见。
tr	I	I leaned away from him automatically , and his hands flew as he yelled .
tr	O	她的眼睛微微睁大，并且它们不相信地扫了一眼她脸上的伤口。
tr	O	雅各布在那些步骤中点了点头，但是迪的头脑一片混乱。
tr	O	瑞安沿着他唯一可能走的路走着，并且几米之内水道出现了。
tr	I	Lea decided that it was time to leave , and they spent hours playing outside until it was too dark to stay outside .
tr	I	Caroline drew in a sharp breath and Olivia stiffened .
tr	O	他什么也没说，但是他确实从试图用眼睛点燃戒指枕的举动中抬起头来。
tr	O	我从没强求，因为我猜那个地方让他不舒服，但是我总是主动提出，因为他需要知道我希望他在身边。
tr	O	琴妮的可能如此，但是我们不知道。
tr	O	他走了很远的路，并且狼把他带到一个遥远的国度，那里的人穿着很奇怪。
tr	I	Each of them takes a place beside us and the nurse comes back in with her assistant .
tr	I	Her dad would pay for it and she picked Evergreen because she knew it would piss her mom off .
tr	O	我们俩明天都得上班，并且项目在几周内就要截止了。
tr	I	I could no longer hear distinct words , and Savannah 's voice was softer now .
tr	I	The carnage could be seen , and Minutes later the fog slowly lifted .
tr	I	She held up a hand but he extended his arms toward her , intending to comfort her .
tr	O	克莱昂正要说更多的话，但是突然他的眼罩被撕掉了。
tr	O	我让它在下面很长时间直到感觉麻木，并且然后用柔软的毛巾轻轻拍干。
tr	O	她试图关上门，但是他正朝相反的方向推，强行闯入。
tr	O	闭上你的嘴，或者我帮你闭上。
tr	O	尤其是如果门被锁了，并且你的家人离开了很长一段时间。
tr	I	Ethan 's had shown on this mission and experience counted .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't eat but Hunger pains gnawed at my gut .
tr	I	The sun was just coming over the lake beyond the house we 'd rented for the week and it was late by then .
tr	I	Its power over him had faded , but her regal beauty was still there .
tr	I	I couldn 't deny that his questions were a work of art , and he was curious .
tr	I	I will be gentler with the boy and ' Let me pass once more .
tr	I	I 'm glad you trusted me , and I know you had to talk to someone about it .
tr	I	My heart thundered like I 'd been running , and Sweat beaded on my neck .
tr	O	迪斯科球在明亮地旋转着，并且音乐正以不健康的音量从扬声器中传出。
tr	I	She was so angry that she elbowed him off , but Emily felt her father 's hot breath on her neck .
tr	I	He was doing a good impression now , but Charles doesn 't even know the meaning of the word sheepish .
tr	I	It was rather round in the middle and the raccoon was a dark gray with black rings on its tail .
tr	I	He blessed Ashley 's clever , busy fingers and it was a lot easier to smile then .
tr	I	I couldn 't form a cohesive sentence , and my mind was swirling with panic .
tr	I	It probably never will be , and it 's still not there .
tr	O	房间里很安静，并且他们能听到外面开始下雨了，雨点敲打窗户的叮咚声听起来太响了。
tr	I	Silence surrounded us , and the next I lay in a heap with Henry .
tr	I	I felt Veronique 's body spasm with terror and a door creaked open .
tr	O	没什么特别的，但是至少它是干净的。
tr	O	弗莱彻曾警告我不要做那些事，但是我还是照做了。
tr	O	我抬起头，脸上带着微笑，并且看到那个男人走进来时，失望地叹了口气。
tr	O	快凌晨三点了，并且我父亲还没回家。
tr	O	已经过了下午很久了，而且人群却络绎不绝地涌来。
tr	I	Lea started to follow her , and Julie started walking to the stairs that go to the second floor .
tr	I	The railing rubbed dust against my jeans and I brought my foot up .
tr	O	我们都喝了点太多酒，并且庆祝活动持续得有点太久了。
tr	I	It was good enough for me to see that huge shape outlined against the evening sky , but the light wasn 't really very good .
tr	I	Silence closed in , and her eyes fluttered closed of their own accord .
tr	I	It 's not fine , but I force a smile .
tr	I	He was also resisting Darth Maul 's attempts to sway him to the dark side , but he had shown dark tendencies .
tr	O	他脸上露出了笑容，并且他给她吹了个飞吻。
tr	I	She didn 't have the wall at her back , but she had a hold on mine as well .
tr	O	我知道你在想什么，但是这不是因为我想和你睡觉。
tr	I	She wants to help me resolve my problems with you Esmeralda and I have a friend with me .
tr	O	这将没有足够的时间逃脱，但是这会为他们争取到几分钟宝贵的时间。
tr	O	我们停了车，并且我走到后面去取出轮椅。
tr	I	A few of his favorites were still scattered around the floor , but he had managed to get most of them into the container .
tr	O	亨利先生对我笑了笑，并且我也勉强挤出了一个笑容。
tr	I	The words were still a warning in her mind , but Nicolae swore under his breath .
tr	I	Despite the loud squeak , I knew that Savannah wouldn 't hear anything , and I opened the door .
tr	O	他曾以为这会像照镜子一样，但是事实并非如此。
tr	I	He hums an unrecognizable tune , and his movements suddenly become exaggerated .
tr	O	我必须出去，但是没有出路。
tr	O	斯宾塞挣扎着想摆脱那些女孩，但是她们紧紧地抓着她。
tr	O	德鲁出现在一侧，德雷克在另一侧，并且两人都舒适地在我旁边坐下。
tr	O	景象令人作呕，但是尽管我对周围死亡的巨大规模感到震惊不已，我最主要的担忧是德里克·诺瓦克。
tr	O	她张开嘴想喊叫，但是汤姆的姿势让她的话语梗在胸口。
tr	O	这是我们的夜晚，并且我已经准备好了。
tr	O	她能感觉到他注视的目光沉重，但是她拒绝转向他。
tr	I	Her father seemed incapable of deepening their relationship , but over the years , Susannah had made occasional efforts to bridge the gap between them .
tr	O	那些放荡的问题让维姬再次向他靠拢，并且她的眼睛颤动着睁开了。
tr	O	他已经发表了几篇短篇小说，并且“棱镜”系列代表了他的第一部主要文学作品。
tr	O	她紧紧地抱住他，并且他也回抱了她。
tr	I	I could feel an enormous power building up , and then I just sort of pulled everything around me inside .
tr	I	Celaena never did anything half-heartedly , but she might have her faults .
tr	I	It was in fact a deluxe wagon if I had ever seen one , but I laughed internally .
tr	O	一位绅士看着路易莎，仿佛他从未见过她，并且另一位则环顾四周，寻找不失礼地逃走的方法。
tr	I	She did not spill any , but tears shimmered in her eyes .
tr	I	There was a hint of pleading in her eyes , and her voice was soft , hesitant .
tr	O	你可以让妈妈高兴，并且你选择不这样做。
tr	O	那些拿着散弹枪的人跟踪着驶近的卡车，并且他们看起来也非常认真地准备开火。
tr	I	Once again they were all together , and his two friends slipped into it to wind around the group .
tr	I	He 'd insisted , but Laurel had told him he didn 't have to attend the funeral .
tr	O	我母亲关于挂坠盒由来的感伤话语浮现在我脑海中，并且我恍然大悟。
tr	I	I should have known better , but I expected her to say we should go for help .
tr	I	I 'd always give them back , and he bought me things all the time .
tr	O	我推开门，并且我僵住了。
tr	I	She didn 't think that anymore , but she would have laughed , since it was something she would have thought two months ago .
tr	I	My head was pounding , and my eyes ached in the fluorescent glare .
tr	O	我想和我的将军们谈谈，但是我们需要协调我们的策略。
tr	O	街灯的间隔更远了，并且他不得不更多地依靠明亮的月光来辨路。
tr	I	Then again her attentions had been localised on the few feet ahead , on the maze , but she hadn 't noticed anything .
tr	I	She left her baby and she was running scared .
tr	I	His nostrils flared and his jaw was clenched .
tr	O	空间是船上最宝贵的东西，并且因此很少有她可以找到属于自己的角落的地方。
tr	O	他们的肩膀很巨大，并且他们至少比群体中的其他人高一个头。
tr	I	Emelia looked about in the inky darkness and there was a silence in the alleyway .
tr	I	He knew it and Richard was caught .
tr	O	斯凯勒以一种近乎防御的姿态抱着她，并且她以为自己感觉到他在轻笑。
tr	O	玛西娅怀疑地哼了一声，但是她太累了，懒得计较。
tr	I	I almost lost my handhold as the truck accelerated , and my knees buckled .
tr	O	我对自己所说的话感觉很好，并且我希望爱丽丝会感激我说出这些话。
tr	I	I 'm not one of them , but there are agents who live fairly normal lives .
tr	I	The locket sprung right back open , and the catch had broken , though .
tr	I	His left hand was around my waist , pulling me to him in a slow motion , and his right hand was tangled in my hair .
tr	I	He laughed in my ear when I went from rationally imploring to crying and I heard the unmistakable sound of a zipper .
tr	O	我让他们进来，并且它站稳了脚跟。
tr	O	索菲亚的嘴唇抿紧了，并且她怒视着赛琳。
tr	I	The players trotted in from the locker room , and we plopped cross-legged on the floor .
tr	I	My sister broke down again as soon as she saw how bad it had become , but we 'd warned her about the swelling .
tr	I	Our quarters were shared with dozens , and most didn 't wear much clothing , if at all .
tr	O	米洛斯走了，去找人藏身了，并且艾莉数到十，然后去找他了。
tr	I	Spiritually glorious , and to worlds holy .
tr	O	我对她很混蛋，但是那就是我一贯的做法。
tr	I	I wouldn 't let go but he jerked at his arm .
tr	I	I have the urge to do the same , and Evie snorts .
tr	I	I 'm not ignorant to the fact that we are all expendable in the eyes of the Syndicate , but I may be a pawn myself .
tr	O	汽车停了下来，并且那个男人转过头看她。
tr	O	我才来这里几个小时，并且我已然知道，毫无疑问，有不好的事情即将发生。
tr	I	Lucas ducked it , but he threw a punch at Lucas , too .
tr	I	He dodged the bullet and I shot at him .
tr	I	It seemed to him he might have succeeded somewhat and he thrashed wildly in an attempt to move toward the pin-point of light as he fell .
tr	I	He never gave up and Klaus had always been a wanderer .
tr	O	他们又听到外面有人喊叫，并且马科斯看起来很不安。
tr	O	我们把森林当作屏障，并且我们选择战斗地点。
tr	I	I liked to think that I was different , but I knew Evergreen had enjoyed it because she was horrible .
tr	O	我一边盯着食物一边点头，并且作为确认，我的肚子清晰地咕咕叫了起来。
tr	O	我不感兴趣，但是他却不肯接受拒绝。
tr	I	It was all her fault , and she had died .
tr	I	We never had kids , but I loved my wife .
tr	O	莉娜说了，并且在她走出去后，爆发出一阵歇斯底里的狂笑，这让一些人觉得她是个疯子。
tr	I	She didn 't have the key but the gates were closed .
tr	I	I wanted to forget the past , and I tried to accept that Jace loved you .
tr	I	Darkness was slowly swallowing me , and its image began to fade .
tr	O	她将手指划过我的胸膛，越过我的臀部，并且轻托我的睾丸。
tr	O	追逐持续，直到叛军进入大炮射程内，并且他们开始向我们开火。
tr	I	Now it allows them to think of themselves as a separate race , but it allowed them to keep their religious traditions alive in a Catholic country .
tr	O	这些女孩很好，并且我喜欢她们的陪伴。
tr	O	Lucky点了点头，我们将婴儿放进他们的婴儿床，然后深情地久久拥吻。
tr	O	尼克似乎读懂了他的表情，并且这也不是尼克自从赞恩遇见他以来第一次这样做。
tr	I	She was a celebrity in her own right and she was bright .
tr	I	Then he looked away , and he looked at her as if he was trying to puzzle out an answer .
tr	I	We raced to the car and he grabbed me from under my shoulder to steady me so I wouldn 't fall .
tr	O	这是一个风险，但是距离伏尔加格勒只剩下几百英里，这是一个值得的赌博。
tr	I	The companion vote would go against him and the Council would not sanction his request for renewal .
tr	I	I staggered away , and my gut heaved .
tr	O	薄纱裙由最上等的丝绸制成，下摆镶嵌着珍珠，丰盈的布料似乎飘向地面。
tr	I	Most of them had a tremendous ability to heal , and his ancestors have always guarded the Prince of our people .
tr	I	He knows it , and the excitement in his voice is infectious .
tr	I	The frantic beating of his heart feels wrong , but his skin is so warm , so smooth .
tr	I	It efficiently plowed its way through the harbor waters , but the ferry wasn 't fast .
tr	I	I can 't forget the scuffle I heard but he begins to guide us away from the staircase .
tr	O	如果她当时让我一个人待着，我本可以忍住的，但是我喉咙里的火就要喷出来了。
tr	I	He didn 't have a choice , but backing down from a challenge wasn 't in his nature .
tr	O	扶着她更难了，但是至少她没有疼痛。
tr	I	Hearing became muddled and his sight blurred .
tr	O	她的皮肤泛着灰暗的色泽，并且她的施法水晶不见了。
tr	O	她开始把戒指从手指上滑下来，但是他咆哮了一声。
tr	I	I didn 't dare , but I wanted to lie to him .
tr	I	Alec wasn 't telling it , but there was a story there .
tr	I	I couldn 't figure out what that meant , and he nodded .
tr	O	恐惧已经从我身上消失了，但是我那时并不知道。
tr	O	她想与他分享这个新的经历，但是他在一个她无法触及的地方。
tr	O	她的眉毛皱了起来，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	O	埃里克低声笑了笑，并且他的手指轻弹着空气。
tr	I	We had to get the gloves to get out the exit , but it was weird .
tr	I	It was more loosely held than when we had first entered the building but I eyed the gun in his hand .
tr	I	No one on the other team was spared , and at last the battle was over .
tr	I	The leaves too sparse to cover me and I went as high as I could before the branches became too thin to support my weight .
tr	I	I guess that no one would be cooking tonight , but the stove sat just to the right of my legs .
tr	I	They both laughed , and Mrs Whitlow nodded her head as if to reassure him that what she 'd just told him was true .
tr	O	我不记得我是怎么来到这里的，但是我很高兴昨晚之后不是一个人醒来。
tr	O	他不高，但是他也不矮。
tr	O	我熬夜了大部分时间，并且我宁愿不喝咖啡。
tr	I	Fintan was alone with the mysterious Mister Smith , and Father left .
tr	O	娜塔莉笑了一下，但是凯特只是想着娜塔莉父亲办公室里的文件夹。
tr	O	当风暴平息后，我们的主人叫我们到他身边，并且我们走进了他的高塔。
tr	I	You were reading what was in my mind , but I directed them to you in answer maybe .
tr	I	She couldn 't see a thing , and her curly hair blew around her head like a light brown nimbus .
tr	O	我从未听说它被批准过，但是它在可能性范围内。
tr	I	Maybe it was the way Dmitri looked when he stepped behind her , or perhaps it was the red .
tr	O	她的头向一侧倾斜，并且她的嘴唇向上翘起。
tr	I	There was too much to take care of right now , but it would be so easy to get lost in her .
tr	I	I looked up and he was silent .
tr	I	That old dog had curled up close beside him , and he 'd fallen asleep there .
tr	I	He didn 't know I was there , but I 'd seen him plenty of times .
tr	O	他的声音非常单调，并且我感觉到他的背部绷紧了。
tr	O	它是一种珍贵的商品，而且谁也不知道死亡何时会降临。
tr	O	他的脸很阴沉，因激情而涨红，并且他看起来没有丝毫要让步给她的意思。
tr	O	他所有的朋友都疏远我，并且他的家人也不再和我说话了。
tr	I	It echoed all around me , but the sound of her laugh was muffled .
tr	I	Flung it down and quickly he took the thread coil from his shoulder .
tr	O	亚历山德拉咽了咽口水，而且当她说话时，她的声音微弱得几乎听不见。
tr	I	He kept up , but Taylor spoke quickly .
tr	O	日食将会发生，并且节日将照常进行！
tr	I	I kept my eyes away from her , and I could feel Sandra smirking at me .
tr	O	附近有一个小镇，但是它离得还有点远。
tr	O	她只能救一个人，但是她却可能导致许多人死亡。
tr	O	我只是不知道该怎么办，而且这不像我失去掌控。
tr	O	这是在浪费时间，而且我开始恼火了。
tr	I	I wait and I stand .
tr	O	现在，我不想你像你姐姐那样兴奋不已，但是我也认为你不会。
tr	O	她问我是否需要医生，但是我说我不需要。
tr	I	The guy are staring at me now and I start looking for Sophie as she .
tr	I	It was as though I 'd been pushed into a raging furnace , and before I could blink , he plunged the knife into my side .
tr	O	她的头发大卷地披散在肩上，并且她浅棕色的眼睛似乎在闪耀。
tr	O	婴儿从里面顶了我一下，而且我强迫自己振作起来。
tr	O	也许是因为她听我讲过类似的故事，或者也许完全是别的原因。
tr	O	是格洛丽亚发现了尸体，并且是格洛丽亚给我打的电话。
tr	O	托马斯必须说话，或者他会爆炸。
tr	O	我慢慢松开了手，并且他自己站了起来。
tr	I	We 'd been too busy to really do anything , but we 'd talked a few times that week .
tr	I	She also knew his reckless spirit , and then worried her , because she knew about his sporadic missions for Interpol .
tr	O	她的思绪停留在那最后的记忆上，并且她感觉内心深处有什么东西被触动了。
tr	O	我在简化，但是她做到了。
tr	I	Isaac made the surface of his sword so large that it became a shield , but Morrigan fired off another beam of energy from her body .
tr	I	Three web browsers opened , and the screensaver on Dave 's workstation flicked off .
tr	O	凡人是猎物，是真的，并且吸血鬼被极大地畏惧着。
tr	O	尽管我努力抵抗，我无法否认自己对他的吸引力，并且我有一种他知道的感觉。
tr	O	不，他不像他的兄弟们那样英俊，但是他的外表有某种更引人注目的东西。
tr	O	邪恶的植物靠近了，并且当蜘蛛足够靠近时，它射出了针！
tr	O	它们非常安静，并且我承认我把它们忘了。
tr	O	船里的能量涌动着，并且所有的划桨手都坐得更直了一些。
tr	O	他用手指触碰伤口，并且我猛地退开。
tr	I	J.R. wanted to be ready and Ken Reid was due in Wednesday .
tr	O	她可能在让他想要和她做爱方面向前迈进了一大步，但是她却倒退了两步。
tr	I	She went in one of the cabins and Tori ran to the bathroom .
tr	I	He had never forgiven her , and that was fifty years ago .
tr	O	他看不到我，并且他听不到我。
tr	O	他们感谢了布莱尔医生，并且他离开了房间。
tr	O	他居然在战场中央骑着一条龙，并且他甚至还在思考着。
tr	O	店主哈茨先生起初安装了一个窗帘来阻止人们进入，但是我几次拜访后就把它拆了。
tr	O	他们的儿子有点笨，但是卡桑德拉也可以和他玩。
tr	O	太阳已经升起，但是厚重的云层却遮暗了天空，隐藏了光线。
tr	O	我知道你们两个最近关系不太好，但是我无法相信你不在乎她。
tr	I	It was to happen soon , and something drastic was too happen .
tr	I	It seemed perfectly reasonable to spend the rest of her life in his arms , and she felt his hands gently rub her back .
tr	I	He knew Sebastian had some feelings for her and he knew he had some feelings for her .
tr	O	他翻开了紫色封面，并且当他读到第一页时，他的下巴惊得垂了下来。
tr	I	With the street behind them clear , there wasn 't much chance of any aggression from behind , but they were almost robotic in their sentry positions .
tr	O	我没有离开他的怀抱，但是我也没抱他。
tr	I	The streets were quiet as we cruised over to the station , and it was after one in the morning now .
tr	I	She can 't be held at fault for something out of her control , but she looks like her .
tr	I	Steam still rose from its golden brown lace crust , and the pie was sitting on the sill over the sink .
tr	O	我仍然深陷巨大的悲痛之中，但是我知道我会挺过去的。
tr	O	她立刻又开始发短信了，并且她的伴侣开始窃笑起来。
tr	O	他的手指紧紧缠绕着他粗壮的性器根部，紧绷得指关节瞬间发白，并且他倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	它们俩都显得狭窄，并且它们俩都显得黑暗。
tr	O	他将是第一个到达巨龙身边的人，并且他将用他那赤裸的不朽之手将其斩杀。
tr	I	Cadmus wrapped his arms around me , pressing his forehead to mine and my breath caught in my throat as I read .
tr	I	His days settled into more of a routine , and once he no longer spent hours sleeping every day , his meals were regularized .
tr	O	她很安静，但是她看起来也很兴奋。
tr	I	The media starts focusing on uncovering evidence of a conspiracy , and the newspapers forget NASA has found proof of extraterrestrial life .
tr	O	有些女孩同情地看着劳拉，但是我注意到有几个女孩在翻白眼。
tr	O	其中一名向导指了指，并且他们作为一个整体朝那个方向跑去。
tr	O	他们有一个蓝色的育儿室，并且名字也已经选好了。
tr	O	我撒谎从未遇到过太多麻烦，倒不是说我是一个滔滔不绝的谎话精，但是通常我只在真正需要的时候才撒谎。
tr	I	I step on her heel , and Lynn stops short .
tr	O	迈克的形象在我脑海中一闪而过，并且我想知道我的前夫今晚是否独自一人。
tr	O	他们必须向东航行，但是他们的心却总是向西。
tr	I	Then so is everyone else 's , but it 's so involved .
tr	I	The receptionist rushed down the hall and the doors opened .
tr	I	Only one was occupied , but there were several rooms .
tr	I	She needed to gather up what she could , and Galloping out of town with nothing was just flat-out dumb .
tr	I	My heart beat faster , blood humming in my veins as my anger grew , and my eyes silvered .
tr	I	There was nothing , but I looked around for something , anything , to impale the bastard the moment he stepped outside the room .
tr	I	Now I don ´ t know what ´ s going on in my head and I mean this past weekend I felt fine .
tr	I	She couldn 't run with the poison in her body paralyzing her , and they couldn 't dissolve into mist with the poisonous vapor surrounding them .
tr	I	The wall was flat , but the shape of a door was cut into the stone .
tr	O	我想让阿波罗现在就做，因为我只有鬣狗的耐心，但是我能理解他为什么不能。
tr	O	这对她苍白的肤色没什么帮助，但是它仍然很漂亮。
tr	O	塞布尔以前从未叫过他的名字，并且这种简单的亲近感不知何故触动了他，以一种他几个世纪以来从未体验过的方式。
tr	O	诺拉知道阿德尔是个花花公子，但是这个消息让她完全措手不及。
tr	I	Savannah stopped her but she started to fall back .
tr	I	Two strong hands clamp over my shoulders and the sliding door opens behind us .
tr	O	他们本该开车去卡尔的农场，开始打理花园，但是杰米却开错了方向。
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't , but I tried to keep my voice even .
tr	I	I 'm a survivor , and my name is Wes Michels .
tr	I	Other groups were working on putting the parts together , and more workers yet hovered around small electronic assemblies .
tr	I	Viola cried a lot and Mia remembered Viola who was quite a big girl in this camp .
tr	O	杜安不仅是他的导师，但是科林也把他们视为朋友。
tr	I	I need to be ready and I need to be strong .
tr	O	一声哽咽的笑声从他喉咙里逸出，并且他转过身去看着他们。
tr	I	His lungs ached and his feet pounded .
tr	I	She was the one he called on when he needed something important done , and the stern warrior smiled more when Matisse was around .
tr	I	Something equally poetic , or most thought she had met her demise by fire .
tr	O	她抓住了海登的胳膊，并且脸上露出了一个大大的笑容。
tr	I	She would rise to the challenge , and she knew what to do .
tr	O	他姿势的突然改变是她没有预料到的，并且她摔倒在地。
tr	O	微弱的月光使他的头发形成了一个光环，并且他的眼睛像猫一样闪着金光。
tr	O	现在兰迪·卡特已了解猫咪的大部分语言，并且在这个遥远而可怕的地方，她发出了恰当的叫声。
tr	I	One I prefer not to support , but I do not have anything against whores , a necessary trade if you ask me .
tr	O	安妮看向希斯身后，看到戴安娜穿着一件几乎不蔽体的衣服，赤着脚，并且一只手拿着一瓶酒。
tr	I	She was still sure she 'd never heard it before , but the voice sounded different in person than on the phone .
tr	I	It was a different kind of anger , but he was still angry .
tr	I	They climbed aboard while the ship safety staff members were busy loading up the other boats , and everyone ran for it .
tr	I	She began to relax slightly and its solid stone walls stood out proudly against the white of the snow .
tr	I	It passed her by , but Stanley gave Marcia his best frown .
tr	O	他呻吟了一声，并且那是愉悦的声音。
tr	I	He found the options and she handed it over .
tr	O	伊芙输入了代码，并且他滑进了她车旁边的那个位置。
tr	O	我不该给他希望，但是当我的呼吸平稳下来时，我静静地站着。
tr	O	我试图踢他，但是我的束缚将我拉住了。
tr	I	It smelled just like him and it was so warm .
tr	O	我那只手突然感到一阵剧烈的震动，并且我带着一声吃惊的咒骂将它猛地缩了回来。
tr	O	他之前已经多次传达这个信息，但是这次却有了新的意义。
tr	I	She walks in and I step aside .
tr	I	He pushed me back down , but I got up again .
tr	I	I began to shake and something surged through me .
tr	I	It was simply too far away , but her eyes flicked to the pool of water .
tr	O	我能感觉到内心的灼热情感在滋长，但是 我试图从内部扼杀它。
tr	O	群星在我眼前舞动，但是我睁着它们，目不转睛。
tr	O	我们朝查理的方向迈出一步，并且 他就跑了。
tr	O	我不想成为那些对男人言听计从的女人之一，然而 我却发现自己按他说的做了。
tr	I	A flame ignites in the center , and she doesn 't say anything as she holds out her other hand , opening her fingers .
tr	O	你很可能会告诉哥伦比亚的某个人，并且 整件事都会因此而对我造成毁灭性打击。
tr	I	I 'd thought she 'd disconnected and Kiowa got quiet on the line .
tr	I	Those three little words are truly worth giving my full attention to , but an announcement like this one might not seem so extraordinary to some .
tr	O	我已经幻想莱斯一个月了，并且 他是唯一让我觉得……安全的东西。
tr	I	The general was nowhere in sight , but Grey glanced over his shoulder , toward the hillock where Wolfe had stood earlier .
tr	I	It doesn 't stop me from using my legs , but I cry out in pain .
tr	I	She 'd learned to accept it , but she wasn 't good at pain .
tr	I	The entreaty in his expression surprised her , and he rose up to see her face .
tr	I	Suddenly a tear started rolling down her cheek and she could feel herself getting choked up .
tr	O	舞会很快就结束了，并且 另一首歌开始了。
tr	O	幸好她站在他身后，或者 他可能已经注意到她的脸变得通红。
tr	I	The sidewalks are covered in murky puddles and rain is drizzling from the gloomy clouds .
tr	O	他坐在床上，并且她慢慢地走向他。
tr	O	我用腿扫开了那个摔倒者的脚，并且他倒在了地上。
tr	O	林恩·利格特是一名凶杀案侦探，并且她和亚瑟一样高，这让她在女性中显得很高。
tr	I	She stifled it quickly , but a laugh burst out of Erin 's throat , sounding slightly hysterical at the edges .
tr	I	He didn 't answer the phone , but she called Carl at the hospital in Germany .
tr	O	他转动了一下，但是门没有打开。
tr	I	I was blushing so badly and my heart was beating fast .
tr	I	He covered the distance between them lightning fast and his gaze sharpened .
tr	O	显然，我们不需要那么长的跑道，但是我敢打赌那些又大又重的飞机起飞时需要。
tr	I	She had thought she would shatter from the fear , and she would have no defense against this new little person .
tr	O	我努力保持我的决心，但是他的靠近让它变得如此艰难。
tr	O	他的手指在上面徘徊，并且我想知道他要做什么，那块看似普通的红砖下面藏着什么。
tr	O	我告诉他我们只是朋友，而且他似乎想要的不仅仅是友情，如果你懂我的意思的话。
tr	O	这是一个疑惑的，几乎带着希望的呜咽抵在他的嘴边，并且在任何其他时候他都会为此嘲弄她。
tr	O	凯斯平静地走到达拉斯旁边坐下，但是莱姆已经倾斜了他的身体，以便在必要时他可以挡在我前面。
tr	I	As the rest heard him say this , they all checked their bags for salt and Sam replied .
tr	O	按桑德拉的想法，它相当大，并且它周围有一道小墙。
tr	I	I fire twice , sending the two closest pursuers down and I am shocked at the amount of walkers actually here .
tr	I	Her sister Stephanie stood up beside him , and Decker asked as he , his mate Dani .
tr	O	她会尽其所能地维持一切，并且在她坚持的时候，她会期盼奇迹。
tr	I	Ash quickened his pace as we approached , and a narrow door was embedded in the thick trunk .
tr	O	他感激地记得今天是星期天，并且他要到四点才值班。
tr	O	显得渺小和温顺是避免冲突的好方法。
tr	I	Then returned holding one , and the elderly man hobbled to another section of the room .
tr	O	房间的后门开了，并且我几乎喜极而泣：以赛亚。
tr	I	She shivered in response , and he brushed his thumb up at the top of her spine until it reached her hairline .
tr	I	She would if push came to shove but she hated lying to all her brothers .
tr	O	他一丝不挂，并且我满足地尖叫起来。
tr	O	我想相信这不是我的错，但是肯尼迪责骂过他之后明迪受伤了。
tr	I	He made it special for me and he knew it was my first time .
tr	O	他的母亲会很高兴，并且他将可以自由地追求其他活动。
tr	I	They flashed with telltale yellow and the light caught his eyes .
tr	I	We can hear your rotors but we can 't see you .
tr	I	Kalen saw the fire burn in his Commander 's eyes , and Ryo looked at his XO .
tr	I	They all wept freely and they all laughed heartily .
tr	O	他伸手去摸她的头，但是她却猛地缩了回去。
tr	I	The thing starts spinning , and my thumb glides over a bump near the bottom .
tr	O	他对我意义重大，并且我很享受和他在一起。
tr	O	嗯，先生，我非常抱歉，但是那样根本不够。
tr	O	他的眉毛因惊讶而扬起，那惊讶转变成了欢闹，并且接着他便爆发出一阵又一阵的笑声。
tr	O	在教堂里，他凝视着文艺复兴时期圣徒的画作以及悬挂在祭坛上方的巨大青铜十字架。
tr	I	Then exercise wasn 't supposed to be , but that didn 't sound like much fun .
tr	I	On the inside I was coming unraveled , but I smiled .
tr	O	这只猫独来独往可能是一个缺点，但是也有可能他只是需要一些温柔。
tr	O	布莱恩看到他们都带着一种可怕的迷恋看着他，并且他不安地笑了。
tr	I	Most of the citizens here weren 't trained to fight , either , but it didn 't seem sporting when the creatures had no ranged weapons .
tr	O	我的裙子垂到了脚踝，限制了我的行动，但是我的身体刚好够宽，让我能感觉到我有多湿。
tr	I	He raced through his options , and the fog in Craig 's mind lifted a little .
tr	O	它反击了，但是斧头起了作用。
tr	O	我从未理解过犯罪心理，并且可能永远也不会。
tr	I	Now it was evident that she did possess at least some ability to speak and he had many questions .
tr	I	This nasty rain would turn to snow , and a tad colder .
tr	I	I relax according to my training and it gives me comfort to grip it .
tr	I	She was full of glib comments that gave no clue to her character , but her name I didn 't catch .
tr	O	我感到心碎了，并且我把手放到了身体两侧。
tr	I	Sarah had to strain to hear , and she still spoke as if she were telling a secret .
tr	O	那个男人还不知道，但是他并没有。
tr	O	她轻轻地笑了，并且我们俩沿着海岸线走着。
tr	O	他可以到处把她当成物品对待，但是我纠正他却错了。
tr	O	我不知道贿赂是否奏效，但是他摄入了大量β-胡萝卜素。
tr	I	She was whole and she was alive .
tr	O	他需要待在他的舒适区，而且他的房间不再是他的舒适区了。
tr	O	我不确定这里的礼仪是什么，但是我忍不住一直看。
tr	I	It made her feel very small , very lost and she heard the forlorn sound of her own voice .
tr	I	It ran in dark red rivulets down the cushions , like blood from a wound and in his passion he had spilt some wine .
tr	I	It was thick , even had a little wave and his hair was black , so black it shone .
tr	I	This was just too wonderful to keep to herself but normally she would have waited until the weekend .
tr	O	玛格丽特脸红了，而且艾伦猜他已经知道了真相。
tr	I	He cared about her , and she cared about Zander .
tr	O	并不是说我被逼急了就赢不了，但是我无法像你那样公平地做到。
tr	I	There were markings on her left shoulder , and she had no shoes on her feet .
tr	I	The need to get him nak * d was also fading , but she didn 't hit him , of course .
tr	O	她开始关门，但是我用脚挡住了。
tr	O	他不明白这种冲动，但是在他意识到自己在做什么之前，他拿出了那张照片。
tr	I	I was blind with rage and I felt insanity overcome me .
tr	O	它们已经凉了，但是巧克力仍然融化着。
tr	I	Olivia kept a tight grasp , but Sarah tried to pull away .
tr	I	We both knew what I meant , but it was a pathetic way to phrase it .
tr	O	艾米琳一生中从未感到如此狂野，即使是和丹尼在一起时也没有，并且那个念头让她咬住了嘴唇。
tr	I	I could hear the strain in his voice , but he was showing an exorbitant amount of control .
tr	O	我们回到了我的公寓，并且我们俩都准备睡觉了。
tr	I	She 'd gotten this far , but she wasn 't playing fair .
tr	O	这间套房占据了这家小酒店的整个顶层，并且它有宽敞的两居室公寓那么大。
tr	I	He 'd never expected her to encourage him , but he 'd told himself he wouldn 't touch her .
tr	I	I wouldn 't wish it on anyone else , but with some luck , I 'd made it through my attack .
tr	O	她看起来更好过，但是她还能凑合。
tr	I	Like any civilian , they were too horrified to get that involved and the creature had seen their face .
tr	O	一位将会代表他的律师来过了，但是证据如此确凿，以至于唯一的真正希望就是终身监禁。
tr	I	50 % attack their companions until Frosty is killed , and Mind Controlled characters 50 % dance around smiling stupidly .
tr	I	It 's not , yet it sounds like a simple question .
tr	I	I thought I saw you and I was visiting a patient .
tr	I	A droplet of red swelled outside his thumb and he pulled away .
tr	I	He squinted wishing he had his shades handy and the light was bright .
tr	I	I can 't see him and they pull Trystan away from me .
tr	O	无论他卷入了什么，都极其危险，并且现在我也深陷其中了。
tr	O	蟋蟀鸣叫着慵懒的曲调，并且月光将朦胧的光线洒在草地上。
tr	O	雷克斯穿着泳裤，肩上搭着毛巾走了进来。
tr	I	He hoped whatever it was wouldn 't affect the mission , but she seemed better now .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to point that out to him , but he could tell just by checking if the Cadillac was in the garage .
tr	O	琼斯现在有他的步枪了，并且我们谁也没有挪动。
tr	O	我正安静地走过厨房，这时后门打开，并且杰西走了进来。
tr	O	这可能是我唯一的希望，如果这招弄巧成拙，而且豺狼意识到我与弗拉德的关系是双向的。
tr	O	我过去四年一直感到羞耻，并且我不想再有那种感觉了。
tr	I	She 'd claimed she wanted the announcement to be memorable , but waiting until the party had driven her up the wall .
tr	I	I can tell by sniffing the air that it 's finally passed for certain , but Summer 's been late fading this year .
tr	I	I couldn 't ask for more than that , and I get to share this piece of my life with them for a few weeks every summer .
tr	O	这并非百分百确认他们没事，但是这是我能抓住的东西。
tr	O	无论如何，我跑到办公室去打电话叫救护车，但是电话坏了。
tr	I	Southern California didn 't have winters like Chicago plus it had an ocean nearby and USC had a good program for that .
tr	O	你知道吗，可能没有多少士兵会领会你所见事物的战术意义，但是你做到了。
tr	I	Micah started kissing her and they smiled at each other .
tr	O	我从大理石旁后退，然后看着妈妈和妹妹进了浴室。
tr	O	她有她的理由，并且那就是他们需要知道的一切。
tr	O	我听到了关门声，并且马库斯发出了失败的叹息。
tr	O	当他给我一份考卷，并且我们默默地度过剩下的课时，我不会反对。
tr	O	我现在还不想杀你，但是我也不会亏待你。
tr	O	我知道我听起来像个白痴，但是我不知道该说什么。
tr	O	那不是一种不愉快的感觉，但是也并非完全令人满意。
tr	O	山谷的消息迅速传开，并且露娜的人民准备好了马车，踏上短暂的旅程。
tr	O	它很漂亮，西式剪裁，背部有一条白色条纹，但是光是看着它就让我不寒而栗。
tr	I	It didn 't take long before the whimpers turned into screams , tears running down her cheeks and she started whimpering .
tr	I	That could happen anytime , but Jackson hadn 't turned yet .
tr	I	In that moment Colby knew he 'd be able to sleep , and Fatigue greeted him like an old comrade .
tr	I	I did , but I wasn 't sure how I knew it .
tr	O	他正狂怒地扇动翅膀，然后他变成了猫形。
tr	O	一个巨大的笑容刻在劳尔的大脸上，并且他对我挑动他浓密的眉毛。
tr	I	They intended to make her pay , and they blamed her for what was happening in Captive 's Sound .
tr	O	那个评论很轻松，本意是个玩笑，但是她僵住了，脸色涨红。
tr	O	她紧紧地握着它，并且玛丽开始发抖。
tr	I	I could see blood , but there were no bodies .
tr	I	She stopped him with a finger on his chin , but he bent down to kiss her hand .
tr	O	他以前看过她醒来，并且看着她吸入夜晚的第一口气，这总让他感到颤栗。
tr	I	They were free and moments later followed .
tr	I	Jem didn 't return the smile , but Will grinned .
tr	O	瓦伦丁的手动了，并且马格努斯才勉强抓住瓦伦丁的手腕，以免瓦伦丁的刀刺入他的心脏。
tr	O	她的笑声很快消失了，并且他能看到不确定性漂浮在她华丽的蓝眼睛里。
tr	I	She 'd just cornered Zoe with her own words , and her mother knew just how to twist a point in order to make her own .
tr	I	Then realized you weren 't staying there alone , and he might 've come to the house , hoping to see you .
tr	O	在他软弱的时刻，他拜访了乔妮，但是艾萨克的照片提醒了他她的背叛。
tr	O	一位舰长已改道他的和平使者前去拦截，但是我不确定这会有多大作用。
tr	O	你哥哥占据了那几页纸，并且任何电话都无法抹去那些内容。
tr	O	我知道你会原谅我，而且我很高兴我做了。
tr	O	这样的分析尚未在法庭上获得采纳，但是莫顿知道他的嫌疑人不会知道这一点。
tr	O	她的心开始狂跳，并且她保持一动不动。
tr	I	Both were excited , and both had worries .
tr	O	她曾几次动心，但是她知道她在宾夕法尼亚州的父母不会同意。
tr	O	有时候我必须完全是女猎手，或者就无法承受痛苦。
tr	O	我知道我应该警觉，但是我没有。
tr	O	我长舒一口气，并且我感觉肩上的重担都卸下了。
tr	O	月亮属于科学家，并且斯皮德不是科学家。
tr	O	他的心跳放慢了，并且他的肌肉放松了。
tr	I	His nostrils flared as he took a deep breath , and I did as I was told .
tr	O	我不是外科医生，并且我很久没在学校学解剖学了。
tr	I	He was already gone , but I looked up to ask the delivery guy for more information .
tr	I	She wanted to be there for all aspiring writers , and she created this magazine , because people are always coming to her for literary advice .
tr	I	Her black eyes were wicked bright , and she 'd pulled off her helmet .
tr	I	My father did not respect God , but I should be loyal to my father .
tr	I	There 's a spare computer in the library you can use but I have a private office .
tr	O	我已经看完了刘易斯的全部收藏，但是我也没有什么别的事情可做。
tr	I	You turn again to the paintings , and she disappears , so to speak .
tr	I	He suspected that she 'd locked her bedroom door as well , and he wasn 't surprised that Singer slept in the room with her .
tr	O	当局恳求人们停止，但是我们不再听了。
tr	O	在争吵之后的日子里，她小心翼翼地避开他，对他百般呵护，但是她为此付出了高昂的代价。
tr	O	第十七章 星期日，下午3点 杜蒙咖啡馆在春天总是挤满了游客，但是福尔特仍然时不时地勇闯人群。
tr	O	她几次停下来回头看，但是似乎没有人注意到她逃走了。
tr	I	He stayed calm but his heart leapt to his mouth .
tr	I	It didn 't look like anything special to him , but sure enough the parcel he was given did appear to be pottery .
tr	O	我画精灵，但是从未见过一个。
tr	I	It already felt like a lifetime ago , but it had only been days since I 'd seen him last .
tr	I	We have to consider everything , but I 'm not saying he wasn 't involved .
tr	I	These oldsters would know she was a teenager , and one good look at her face .
tr	I	It wasn 't surprising they were together , but Mike knew for a fact they weren 't on duty today .
tr	I	It left me hot all the same , but it was a sweet , affectionate kiss .
tr	I	She stopped laughing , but I didn 't see the look he gave Charlotte .
tr	O	我现在对气味几乎免疫了，但是从朱莉的表情来看，它很臭。
tr	O	我离开已经快一个月了，但是感觉好像我很久没有见到她了。
tr	O	我知道你是谁，每个人都知道，并且我认为这不会有任何害处。
tr	O	她必须一层一层地剥离掉强制之网，并且如果她犯了错，她很可能会轻易地杀死他。
tr	I	Her eyes , usually glowing with keen vibrancy , now became dull , lifeless orbs , and all fight left her .
tr	I	No words came out , but Emily 's mouth opened .
tr	O	他在帕尔马见过美丽的女人，但是她们都说着不同的语言。
tr	O	模糊的泳池壁就在前方若隐若现，并且她扑向墙上的电子计时板。
tr	I	It makes her jump and I slam the cupboard .
tr	O	杰克已经放弃了，但是凯拉的思绪还在飞转。
tr	I	It was one of those theories hard to prove , but the debate still raged in all the major universities .
tr	I	Somehow this works , yet we 're from two different worlds .
tr	I	Then I didn 't know what to do , and the plastic took about two minutes to open .
tr	O	她又试图抓住我，但是我退开了。
tr	I	She was not going to back down from him , but she was possibly looking her death in the eye .
tr	O	他的眼睛是深邃的暗蓝色，并且他露出了一个完美的笑容。
tr	O	他的膝盖僵硬了，并且裤子上的一些深色污渍表明他擦伤了膝盖，流了一点血。
tr	I	Again , somehow , James had survived , and what remained of his regiment had been torn apart in the Second Marne .
tr	O	这就像我们之间和我们周围的一切都同步了。
tr	O	搜查结果找到了一套换洗衣服，不是很干净，和一本用两根橡皮筋捆住的厚厚的破旧笔记本。
tr	O	卡罗尔让他点蜡烛，并且当史蒂夫点完后，他们就坐下来吃饭了。
tr	I	He was quite used to the shock by now , but the water was icy cold .
tr	O	我们俩都可以作为大三学生去，但是凯特怎么也说服不了。
tr	O	第八个是一个穿着皮夹克、短发的肌肉男，但是一张同样凶恶的愁容。
tr	I	They set out in triumph for the city and one of his men retrieved the boy 's weapons .
tr	O	我记不起我参加过的任何其他舞会了，但是这并不重要。
tr	O	她可以打电话给艾萨克，但是他又能做什么呢？
tr	O	所有人都叫我不要那样做，并且我为你挺身而出了。
tr	O	有人需要和亨利叔叔商议家庭债务问题，但是那不会是我。
tr	I	You have to face him , and it 's your nightmare .
tr	O	他暂时还看不到里面的敌机，但是等他能看到时就太迟了。
tr	I	The order of battle was decided and Stoltz ducked under the hurtling spikes .
tr	O	它还没被点燃，但是一大堆刚砍伐的木材堆叠在一起，为凉爽的夜晚做好了准备。
tr	I	It had seemed the same as this , and it had hit the city a glancing blow .
tr	I	The cold air from the vents felt like heaven , but her heart lurched as the window crept up , sealing them in together .
tr	I	Zook dragged the boy out and the stone came free .
tr	I	He wouldn 't make them suffer for his foolishness , and this was his family 's money .
tr	O	他中间名的事情从未被提及，而且我只认识他几天。
tr	O	我确定我们在外交任务中是否需要一个枪手，但是考虑到我的过往记录，这不是一个糟糕的主意。
tr	O	我听到他往手指上喷了更多润滑剂，并且他再次重复了这个程序。
tr	I	My eye caught a familiar sight on the page , but I moved the cursor up to click the browser closed .
tr	O	我耸耸肩，努力不因他的触碰而颤抖，但是这很难。
tr	I	Everything was progressing as it should with the post-surgery healing , and she 'd been through a series of visits with the surgeon , Dr. Elgin .
tr	O	布雷克可能得到了族群的允许来联系我，但是我非常怀疑她会要求传递任何消息。
tr	I	She picked it up and her work phone flashed .
tr	O	她给了我一个毫无表情的眼神，并且我吓得僵住了。
tr	I	Austin was scared of it , however irrational the fear was , and the note 's top right corner was poking out .
tr	I	I let him kiss me and Reed pulled me in close .
tr	I	Someone clearing his throat , and I sharpen my ears only to hear muted voices , hushed tones .
tr	I	That was before she 'd waltzed in , but he 'd told Soren no more today .
tr	I	He knew he should have , and he hadn 't considered that .
tr	O	他曾试图淡化他处境的严重性，但是朱莉娅知道他离失去一切有多近。
tr	O	诺伦很快学会了这些模式，并且尽管它们被粗糙地铺设，但它们是正确的。
tr	I	The doors opened to the lobby , and finally the box stopped for good .
tr	I	Then Aiden reached out to take my cup , setting it back on the side table , and we were quiet for a minute .
tr	I	He nodded , bending down to brush his mouth over mine and his eyes glittered .
tr	O	她会恐慌，并且她会逃跑。
tr	O	她感觉她的头盖骨裂开了，而且她的脑浆正从粗糙的裂缝中渗出。
tr	I	Tears burned the backs of my eyes , and an involuntary smile formed on my lips .
tr	O	他咧嘴一笑，露出右脸颊的一个酒窝，并且一股暖流在我胃里聚集。
tr	O	艾伦感到一股怒火涌上心头，并且他努力保持声音平静。
tr	O	布莱克的虹膜在布满血丝的眼中闪耀着金色光芒，并且他咆哮了一声。
tr	I	You 'll take his spot delivering pizzas and we 'll slip you back into society all ready to go .
tr	O	他们的皮肤紧贴骨头，而且他们破烂的衣服在关节处松松垮垮地飘动。
tr	O	他的蓝眼睛中闪过一丝认同，并且他眯起眼睛，仿佛在努力回忆在哪里见过我。
tr	I	She found herself suddenly even more depressed than she had ever been and her stomach knotted .
tr	I	The girls described their magic to me as the line rang , and I was dialing Roland 's cell phone .
tr	O	我想问他发生了什么，但是我担心事情会失控。
tr	I	The riders stopped in the middle of the sea , and the speed slowly decreased .
tr	I	I was twenty years old , and that was in late 1997 .
tr	I	You saw through it , but I almost tricked you .
tr	O	他会发现她的秘密，并且她将再次蒙受耻辱。
tr	I	He backed up several paces and the force of the blow knocked the guard off balance .
tr	O	她脖子上戴着Ben白天给她的项链，并且她没有戴其他首饰。
tr	I	He 'd hoped against hope his father would surprise him , but if he was truthful , Ned had expected it might .
tr	I	It reduces pain and it acts like an anti-inflammatory .
tr	I	Her eyes filled with stars , and her head bounced against a rock .
tr	O	她需要踮起脚尖才能开杰西家的门把手，并且所有大人都比她高大。
tr	O	另一个偏瘦，红头发，皮肤苍白，从胸部到脚踝都裹在运动服里。
tr	I	We like it that way , and Writing is a solitary occupation .
tr	O	等我成为一个年轻女人的时候，我的父母的健康都开始衰退了。
tr	I	I tighten my arms around him , drawing myself closer to his chest , and he drops the hand at my back to search for his keys .
tr	I	She didn 't know which she was enjoying more and the pain mingled so perfectly with the pleasure that the lines blurred .
tr	O	我的声音颤抖了，但是我坚持了下来。
tr	I	That was not the reason anymore but sure , there were the legends .
tr	O	回球被重重击打，而且戴夫几乎没有时间反应。
tr	O	保龄球馆正式关闭了，并且我开始卖力地擦洗披萨盘。
tr	I	She knew one thing for certain , but Ellie didn 't know what to say .
tr	I	She immediately stopped , and reaching out , he placed his palm over her shaking hands .
tr	O	我们离开了，并且杰克滔滔不绝地谈论着能得到马库斯·格雷亲自培训会是多么棒。
tr	O	艾布看着我们，并且我们都知道战斗结束了。
tr	O	羞于承认他曾多么渴望那短暂的人血滋味，但是这件事已经变得太重要了，不能不谈。
tr	I	I quickly shouted the third phrase but my strength was fading .
tr	O	她的呼吸哽在喉咙里，并且她低下头，用治愈的唾液轻轻地安抚着每一个伤口。
tr	O	太小了，不幸的是无法爬过去，而且反正看起来它也只是在一个小石坑里结束。
tr	O	她把自己给了一个她并不真正了解的男人，并且这就是结果。
tr	I	I do , but they don 't care .
tr	I	That wasn 't happening , and there was nothing that could stop us , short of the boat sinking .
tr	O	当然，他手下有一批飞行员为他工作，但是他喜欢经营自己生意所带来的自由自在的生活方式。
tr	I	She stared at me without blinking , and Mina 's mouth was slightly open .
tr	I	You know what 's going to feel good , but I 'm not going to sugar coat it ?
tr	O	我扫视着我们周围的人，但是就像我们隐形了一样。
tr	O	我的肩膀放松地垂下，并且我意识到这一整天让我多么疲惫。
tr	O	你说找到艾莉和我，在你最需要的时候出现，是命运。
tr	O	战吼惊动了栅栏处的其他守卫，并且现在克里克人正从村子里蜂拥而出。
tr	I	The stakes were the highest , but he felt that he was challenging Ship .
tr	I	Parks next to Nathan 's pickup truck , and she drives back to the airport , to the general aviation terminal .
tr	O	它黑色的鼻子在脸上颤动着，并且它的嘴唇又向上弯成一个笑容。
tr	O	几乎没有树木生长，并且尘土覆盖着地面。
tr	I	Kaz 's jaw tightened , and Zuzana laughed .
tr	O	她正竭尽所能让他失控，但是他却不愿满足她。
tr	I	The car drove itself north and the uncontrolled steaming sprawl of Miami overcame me .
tr	O	它很简单，但是它很干净。
tr	O	他试图用圆滑世故的举止来掩饰自己的冷酷无情，但是伊芙对这个男人的真实本性却毫无疑问。
tr	I	He never said a word about it , but Justin had problems with the kids at school too .
tr	I	That outlet was coming in handy at the moment and he could take out his frustrations by slamming bats into baseballs .
tr	I	I heard AJ calling for me but I wanted to continue reading more .
tr	O	努力不去想洛根和那些被恶魔杀死的孩子们。
tr	O	我挣扎着站起来，但是我有点头晕。
tr	I	He headed to the counter and they called Brandon 's name .
tr	O	日落带来了一些缓解，但是即使那样也是相对的。
tr	I	He did not have the luxury of time , but Toren wanted to tell her not to rush .
tr	O	你的安保监控室被烧毁了，导致你的一名工人死亡，并且我们怀疑有谋杀。
tr	I	You didn 't die when he did , but it was a tragedy , for sure .
tr	I	I was a little shaky , but I wasn 't about to change my mind .
tr	I	He hated himself for it and he could sense it .
tr	I	I pull him against me , and my hand finds his hip .
tr	I	I was selfish , and I needed him too much .
tr	I	Something wasn 't right but I 'm not saying I could have definitely saved her .
tr	O	她冒险朝他看了一眼，但是他的表情漠然。
tr	I	We suddenly had the attention of the entire group , and Jessa moved closer .
tr	I	Curiosity won out over indignation , but their hostess sucked in her breath at this blunt order .
tr	O	她没有听，而且她不会停止捡拾破碎的碎片。
tr	I	I know that I am home and I smile .
tr	I	Jeff answers his unspoken question and Andrew appears caught off guard .
tr	I	Open hostility had to be avoided , but she felt like spitting that out at him .
tr	O	她三岁了，而且你在这个年龄无法有意识地记住很多事情。
tr	O	那之前我本来就不是最佳心态，但是在那一刻我真的崩溃了。
tr	O	我已经放松了警惕，而且现在我陷得太深了。
tr	O	他们拒绝了，并且你由着他们！
tr	O	她有所谓的过度活跃的想象力，并且有时她认为玛丽莲·梦露电影中的情节正在发生。
tr	I	Was enough to make everyone look as though some imaginary force was pushing them , but the decline wasn 't steep .
tr	O	布里摘下帽子，让隐藏的头发落下，并且她捕捉到艾莱娜眼中闪过一丝畏缩。
tr	O	我可能很生气，但是我也是饿着呢。
tr	O	她看到了我的一切，我所做的一切，并且她将这一切搁置一边，只为看清背后的那个人。
tr	O	他脸上闪过一丝奇怪的表情，并且他差点把他的大肚白兰地杯掉落。
tr	O	一张蜘蛛网拂过我的脸颊，并且我发出一声微弱的尖叫。
tr	O	前方的群体规模更大，并且有某种程度上的纪律性。
tr	I	Using my magic mirror to spy on him was most definitely Not Okay , and no matter what Dex was , he was my friend .
tr	O	双方的战斗变得更加绝望，并且更多的狼继续从森林中涌出。
tr	I	I might change my mind and any more time to think .
tr	O	那并没有包含很多，但是他也不需要很多。
tr	I	Mateo didn 't think so , but Asa could have been lying .
tr	I	The fire was put out by the milk and it appeared to be a note that was set on fire .
tr	I	I wouldn 't embarrass you by bringing it up with no warning , but I 'll fight to prove myself in front of the other guards .
tr	I	A few trees managing to cling to the banks , and there was a stream at the bottom .
tr	O	一个黑发的头附在他的喉咙上，并且那人张开了嘴，我猜那是一个无声的尖叫。
tr	O	她试图环顾四周，想看看他把她带到哪里，但是她无法转动她的头。
tr	O	看到高楼大厦并只感到对星星的深深渴望。
tr	I	She knew she could endure that but the thought of never seeing Carlo again broke her heart .
tr	O	她想她会给他几周时间，并且如果他没有表现出潜力，就解雇他。
tr	I	It wasn 't enough , but maybe it was true .
tr	O	他曾想要她，并且她也曾想要他。
tr	O	玛丽安挣扎着，绝望地想减轻痛苦，并且她的手撞上了一团厚厚的毛皮。
tr	I	The facts were flowing and his mind was clear .
tr	O	我点击了下一张幻灯片，并且它闪烁了一下。
tr	I	A light wine snore was rasping from his lips and she could see a moist patch of saliva on his cheek .
tr	I	The warm spring air was refreshing nonetheless , but a thin mist hung on the air , as it had on each of the previous days .
tr	O	他们在我们被锁住的大门旁迎接了我们，并且其中一人按下了他收音机上的按钮。
tr	O	课开始了，并且我非常乐意专注于经济学原理而不是我的感情生活。
tr	O	我想把他埋葬，但是地面太硬了。
tr	O	希德及时跳出了火线，并且力场波击中了那些生物，将它们带出了大门。
tr	O	我睁开了眼睛，但是周围仍然一片漆黑。
tr	O	我们两人身上都缺少了些什么，并且当我们在那里初次见面时，我们从彼此身上找到了它。
tr	I	It made me almost run after him just to keep up and he was a quick walker .
tr	O	斯宾塞茫然地望着窗外，但是也许她的脸上有一丝微小的失望。
tr	I	That was the first hurdle , and he couldn 't manage the climb unaided .
tr	I	They felt so right , the perfect fit and I felt Luke 's lips against mine .
tr	I	His faith in himself slipped , yet she had to trust him .
tr	I	Suddenly he drew away , but we kissed again .
tr	I	She stops and she sees me looking .
tr	O	暴力，并且我真的很喜欢那样。
tr	I	Perhaps she would get better because she had to now , and people would be kind to her , kinder than I could manage .
tr	I	It 's a dance thing , and they get all dressed up .
tr	O	他的眉头舒展了，并且他饶有兴致地看着我。
tr	I	The greasy fry flew out of his land and I batted it away .
tr	O	安德鲁今天要把他的小女儿交给我，并且那是我不会轻视的事情。
tr	O	我的战友们开火了，所以我也是，但是敌人太多了。
tr	I	I knew then that the Elder realized what was coming and Sofia 's eyes were lit with anguish .
tr	O	她确信自己一定看起来很可笑，但是就在那时她无法让自己去在意。
tr	I	Any further discussion would be a waste of time and he needed the upper hand before pushing .
tr	O	日子一天天过去，并且他们除了这什么都不谈。
tr	I	The dream continued , and he was touching her .
tr	O	其他董事们笑了，但是那是敷衍的，不舒服的。
tr	I	It was still nice to have familiar faces around her but she didn 't particularly like any of the people who were getting fired .
tr	O	那可能不是一件好事，但是这意味着我也不再是一个被利用的工具了。
tr	I	At first we dismissed it , and she had come up with it , just like that .
tr	O	我们在大厅里，并且我们是独自一人。
tr	O	我深吸了一口气，吐了出来……而且疼痛停止了。
tr	I	I don 't know about theirs but it 's worth my time .
tr	I	I hear her gasp and Marcus replies matter of fact .
tr	O	她很惊艳，就像她父亲一样，并且我用自己设计的衣服打扮她，再次满足了我的衣橱欲望。
tr	I	Here he was , giving me the best gift I had ever received , yet I had pushed him away because he deserved someone better than me .
tr	O	本试图抬起手，但是他分辨不出手在哪里。
tr	I	Maybe he 'd been too focused on Jason , but Jason didn 't know how he could 've missed it when he 'd first entered the room .
tr	O	我能听到我妹妹说话，但是那些话语像烟雾，飘过我身边。
tr	O	她的目光温柔地落在他的脸上，她的表情充满渴望但是他也能看到恐惧。
tr	O	有一段时间，巨龙跟着麦克上楼，但是它最终放弃了这次尝试。
tr	O	她小心翼翼地迈着步子到达了门口并穿过了它。
tr	O	这不是我不知道的事情，但是我还是点了点头，感觉至少我尽力了。
tr	O	他们会在成长中感到被父母抛弃，并且任何逻辑都无法抵消那种原始的反应。
tr	I	This room - for that matter , this entire spacecraft - was one big Rorschach , but he 'd never really considered it before .
tr	O	我刚和霍克谈过，并且他告诉我美国总统终于决定采取行动了。
tr	I	It made her sad for the loss of her people , and she had never imagined a relationship could be so good .
tr	I	They started fighting and he walked past two guys .
tr	O	他们下去了，并且沃尔特推开了门。
tr	O	我已深陷疯狂，深至极点，但是这毫无用处。
tr	I	I already feel the delightful numbness spreading , and one tiny prick into the skin of my side .
tr	I	His tongue felt unnatural , swollen , but he struggled to say something .
tr	I	They were moving away from her , and two days to make the Earth .
tr	I	Things were a little too crazy with the Sato case right now to add her into the mix , but I knew it was silly .
tr	O	尼罗握住了它，并且两人开始缓慢地走进大厅。
tr	I	I pushed him back down , but he struggled to get up .
tr	I	You never bothered to tell me that and we were together for over eight years .
tr	I	He didn 't move , but he watched her with his wild gaze .
tr	O	林克不确定他岳父是如何做到的，但是伦纳德显然有权有势的朋友。
tr	O	克拉丽看着杰斯寻求澄清，但是他看起来和她一样困惑。
tr	I	It came , and he fumbled .
tr	I	I began to have some doubts about what we were supposed to do , and I looked at it when we got there .
tr	I	Flushed in the sand and she was tempting , lying there half nak * d .
tr	O	他若有所思地抿了抿嘴，但是那一切都只是装模作样。
tr	I	The rest of the mansion might not be as comfortable , but the fireplace was lit , making this room cozily warm .
tr	O	它勉强维持着，但是那里有一个社区。
tr	I	These had an ordinary binding , but more copies of Jared 's account .
tr	I	She didn 't think you needed to be clever to put out fires but both were really important jobs .
tr	O	那是短暂的，但是已经足够了。
tr	O	每一次颠簸，克丽丝塔喉咙中都会发出一声微弱的哭泣，并且泪水划过她的脸颊。
tr	I	His laughter erupted and a dozen hands shot up .
tr	O	当我记录饮品订单时，他们都安静下来了，并且当我走开的时候，他们又会重新开始谈话。
tr	I	He was happy with the replacement all the same , but sure , Antal Justus was no match for the old captain .
tr	I	I 'm not anxious to repeat the process , but otherwise we feel okay .
tr	O	虽然她的统治已经结束了，并且时代已经转向更黑暗的时期。
tr	O	虽然她低估了他们，并且她的族群元气大伤。
tr	O	赫卡忒尖叫起来，并且我那时就知道它会奏效的。
tr	I	No one hassled her about her origins , and now Andrea was mate to the Guardian .
tr	I	It doesn 't really bother me , and I 'm used to the feeling .
tr	O	我们必须先和这个人说话，并且你需要在那儿。
tr	I	I don 't plan to tell them , and nobody in the firm knows .
tr	I	It sounded right , but I didn 't know what that would look like .
tr	I	The braves came running , and the general cried the alarm .
tr	I	It was apparent that he had not succeeded in removing the slow poison from the royal spring , but Heather understood little of what he said .
tr	O	一个人让这张专辑成为可能，并且她现在正和我们站在一起。
tr	I	He shrugged it off but his disappointment was clear .
tr	O	他的冷静显然让西蒙斯感到惊讶，但是那个年轻人振作起来了。
tr	O	有一刻他的手在剑柄上犹豫了，但是然后他的目光转向了艾莱娜，她呆若木鸡地坐着。
tr	I	I glanced to the left and we crossed the hallway .
tr	I	The house appeared empty but they continued to shout for a few minutes .
tr	I	I hoped to live it with her , and I wanted to live a new life .
tr	O	它肿了，并且他全身都是瘀伤。
tr	O	那是唯一的解释，但是我从未听说过有女巫使用过。
tr	O	没有人离开肖夫，并且只有傻瓜才会尝试。
tr	O	他们两人之间传递着一种无言的交流，并且然后布里格斯转向了我。
tr	I	Blood poured from his mouth , and he cried out in pain .
tr	I	She didn 't look up but she must have seen me .
tr	I	Her palms grew moist and Maddie 's heart raced .
tr	O	他感觉到女人举起剑准备致命一击，而且就在那一刻他用右腿踢了过去。
tr	O	我昨晚和他的派对坐了一个小时，而且他从未开口。
tr	O	你是确定的，或者你已经死了。
tr	I	That sounded VERY real , but he knew this was just some kind of memory device invented by Grand 's friend , Ludwig .
tr	I	I silence her with a kiss but Maggie starts to look panicked again .
tr	O	巡洋舰在超空间缓慢搜索敌人，但是敌人无处可寻。
tr	O	就像在亚历克斯房间大小的错误中亲热，但是我还是忍不住问了。
tr	O	洗衣房的门吱呀一声开了，并且我们溜进了那个几乎容不下我们两个人同时的小房间。
tr	I	Llama was forced to the ground , and the volume of fire was tremendous .
tr	O	我气喘吁吁，而且我全身都在发麻。
tr	I	It would be short-lived for him , but yes , there would be pain .
tr	I	She 's the Rachel we always knew and she let go of her old antics .
tr	I	Manfred thought the Rev 's eyes were weirdly yellowish , but it was hard to tell because of the brows .
tr	O	两个男人都朝他笑了，而且就在那时，摩西感到谜团更加深了。
tr	O	也许是某个危险人物，并且他们不想冒险在太空发生枪战。
tr	I	Her eyes widened when she saw my face and Claudia looked up at the sound of it .
tr	O	她知道现在问这个不合时宜，但是她还是忍不住了。
tr	O	利亚姆只是点了点头，但是肖恩却被康纳的痛苦所吸引。
tr	I	No sound came out but he opened his mouth .
tr	I	The Hart Mackenzie she 'd fallen in love with years ago shone through , and his smile went wider .
tr	O	他的脸很僵硬，并且他的声音也很紧张。
tr	O	一个角落里挂着一排衣服，并且我认出了我在洛林公园见过的那套服装。
tr	O	作为仆人，我应该从后面出去，但是他说不希望我穿过厨房。
tr	I	It seems fitting , but it 's the first word that comes to mind .
tr	O	泪水现在模糊了我的双眼，并且我发出了呜咽声。
tr	I	Werewolf pregnancies were notoriously difficult , notoriously painful , but Lone wolves were under enough strain going it alone in normal circumstances .
tr	O	乌鸦飞了进来，并且马跑开了。
tr	O	他向我们所有人鞠躬，但是他的注意力在他抬起头的那一刻就放在了维拉身上。
tr	O	艾薇会希望我尝试去改变那个男孩，但是她不在这里。
tr	I	Julie went from pleading for him to stop to just begging him to finish , and he raped her for more minutes than she could count .
tr	O	她问道，表情带着告诫，但是她几乎无法抑制住笑容。
tr	O	利安在她被他追上之前设法到达了一个开口处，但是他把她堵住了。
tr	O	我的牛仔裤够厚，足以承受住大部分冲击，并且他一定知道这一点。
tr	O	她的双腿终于支撑不住了，并且她停在了这里的楼梯上。
tr	I	Dull introductions flitted by without Rick noticing , and the meeting had started a while back .
tr	O	他给了杰克一个大大的拥抱，并且杰克自豪地容光焕发。
tr	I	She didn 't , but he growled .
tr	I	I was about up to my ears , but I can take a lot of paternalism .
tr	O	他的头被桅杆击中了，并且他在流血。
tr	O	特拉维斯周日要给艾比办一个惊喜派对，并且他打算届时把派对送给她。
tr	I	I cannot be their mother but I work very hard to give them this life .
tr	O	我不知道你妈妈有没有告诉你，但是我目前正在做一个任务。
tr	O	那看起来很奇怪，但是她还是把它给了他。
tr	I	There might even be some truth in it , and okay , that was sweet .
tr	O	当然，他们分手时确实很痛苦，但是最终它就是注定没有结果的。
tr	O	他们过得不太好，并且说实话，我也不好。
tr	I	I quickly slid my meat onto her plate , and I felt a pang of something , perhaps that guilt again .
tr	I	That 's the problem - and you 've got guts !
tr	O	它一定指的是一周中的某一天，但是我最讨厌的是一周中的哪一天呢？
tr	O	那是一张双人圆桌，并且弘坐在她的对面。
tr	I	Each speck of grit scraped across the top of her lids and she went to blink .
tr	I	It was causing her eyes to leak , and too many things were going on in her head at once .
tr	O	那时没用，并且现在也不会有用。
tr	O	墙壁被漆成深红色，并且地毯是浓郁的炭灰色。
tr	O	他会没事的，但是她会把心撞碎在他的防线上。
tr	O	这个姿势似乎让他得以触及她柔顺身体的深处，并且他呻吟着，因为他已完全没入她体内。
tr	O	他亲吻了她的指关节，并且他的舌头滑过她的皮肤。
tr	O	我用眼角瞥了他一眼，并且他对 我眨了眨眼。
tr	O	我试图让我的眼睛不看向别处，但是我看到了我所寻找的。
tr	O	克莱用双手捧起我的脸，并且他眼中的神情让我感觉酥软。
tr	I	Then lets her hand fall from James , and Dallas glances up , sensing my presence .
tr	I	She stared at Laurence in open astonishment , and Captain Harcourt was drawn from her inspection of the harness by the suggestion .
tr	O	她张开了双腿，并且他提醒自己，这太早了，前戏才刚刚开始。
tr	I	Outside the window , bright lights flooded the QT grounds as three helicopters touched down in the parking lot , and the building shook .
tr	I	Verlaine shook her head , and immediately Nadia looked abashed .
tr	O	我记不起更多了，但是他过去常对我妈妈说那句话。
tr	I	I keep going , but I expect the shock of the Taser at any second .
tr	O	妈妈在我们的电脑上发现了斯图尔特的事情，并且现在她说她受够了。
tr	I	Grief flickered through her canted eyes , and her gaze moved to his throat .
tr	I	I should 've realized we shouldn 't , too and we didn 't need to do it this way .
tr	O	她看过去，并且詹妮弗正在挥手。
tr	I	I refused to be deprived of an enjoyable walk just because there was a chance of an awkward encounter and physical exercise is good for me .
tr	I	I didn 't tell her who , yet it seems like she already knew but yeah , I told her I killed some people .
tr	O	它更安全，并且有一种忠诚。
tr	O	她回答，并且他起身。
tr	O	聚会分裂成小圈子，并且抱怨声开始了。
tr	O	观察者让我们十指相扣，并且接着他用他那双又大又饱经风霜的手包住我们的手。
tr	I	He was thinking about her , but he wasn 't looking at her .
tr	I	We shall conspire in this ignoble venture and send this disguised servant forthwith .
tr	I	Some will pour and some will slice .
tr	I	There were hardly any mentions of it , but she 'd hunted around Facebook for information about why Madeline 's brother had run away , too .
tr	O	伊西多尔站着，握着两个把手，感觉自己包容着所有其他生命，并且接着，他不情愿地松了手。
tr	O	他的桌上堆着工作，好几份需要润色的简报，但是史蒂文却提不起精神。
tr	I	Her face took on a shy look , and she seemed to relax in her chair .
tr	O	他的眼睛无声地恳求着，但是我却寸步不让。
tr	I	Her breathing was shallow and her face was pale .
tr	O	我的心弦颤动了，并且我感到眼泪涌了上来。
tr	O	从来没人喜欢考虑它，但是他却不能忽视它。
tr	I	She 'd heard about him on the grapevine , but not that Annie had ever attended the same parties .
tr	I	He stuck out his head to check the hall , but he swung open the door to find nobody there .
tr	I	I was expecting it , but he faked to his right .
tr	I	Summer hasn 't started , and ski season is done .
tr	O	他的左手保住了，并且他的右手却失去了。
tr	O	他的手很重，但是却不疼。
tr	I	Night two was historically a night for runners , and it was his second night in Wayward Pines .
tr	O	我绝不会因为一些愚蠢的恶作剧而晕倒，但是我的大脑的某个部分却完全相信了那个故事。
tr	O	沿海许多城镇的经济，毫不意外地，依赖于渔业，但是却几乎没有别的了。
tr	O	我椅子扶手上的凉爽皮革摸起来很昂贵，并且地毯深厚的绒头让我感觉像在空中行走。
tr	I	After Marius , your love is not something I want , but it was never my intention to hurt you .
tr	O	一只肩膀从床单下露出来，并且一只手臂蜷曲在她喉咙处。
tr	O	加布里埃尔的母亲之前提出过，但是罗丝拒绝了她。
tr	O	正是德文郡喜欢的那种男人，并且她欣然与他共度了一夜良宵。
tr	I	Her discovered ability and it was an email to Abe from General Garcia , giving the location of Tracy .
tr	O	冲击使他的膝盖弯曲，并且他砰地一声摔在路上。
tr	O	我脑中的迷雾消散了，并且我的目光聚焦在他的脸上。
tr	I	It had been Elodie all along , and here I 'd been thinking I was just useless .
tr	O	那评论很奇怪，但是我不想想任何那样的事情，今晚不想。
tr	I	The human government never had to know Shifters had gathered there , and a score of Shifters could blend in with the human bikers easily .
tr	O	一个是身体上的，并且另一个是精神上的。
tr	O	食物送到了，并且它重现了昨晚的盛宴，只是规模小了些。
tr	O	我预计会有愤怒，但是他让我感到惊讶。
tr	O	她开始站起来，好让自己在身体上处于一个更有力的位置，但是甜鸽的手放在了她的肩膀上。
tr	I	Chance had to be starving , and it had been ages since I had the peanut butter sandwich in the SUV .
tr	O	我能接受我丈夫冒生命危险，因为他就是那样的人，而且我不会改变他。
tr	I	You will go free and bring her to us now .
tr	I	She does the same , and I wish her good luck .
tr	I	The scene didn 't change , but I blinked a few times .
tr	O	她点了点头，并且她的目光又转向了我。
tr	I	His genes have been modified for strength , not beauty , but he 's gen mod like York .
tr	I	She wasn 't brave enough to join her friend , but it had been so hard for Thimble to let it happen without protesting .
tr	I	Well stocked with books filling one wall , but it was a small room .
tr	O	他可以理解地感到压力，但是我把他逗笑了。
tr	I	He will know what I am doing , but I can use her .
tr	I	Now only his clothes were hanging on the rail , but Karla had hung their things there when she 'd unpacked .
tr	I	The revelation freaks me out more than it calms me , but about halfway through , I realize how comfortable I feel .
tr	O	她爽朗地笑了，并且我也笑了。
tr	O	她消失在视线中，并且加里仍然站在那里。
tr	I	Max is speaking to them , and everyone else is already in the conference room .
tr	O	我感觉自己像一块空白的石板，并且我感觉我可以在我的上面写任何我想要的东西。
tr	I	He didn 't want anyone to worry ... but he should have talked to the band .
tr	I	He did , but I felt so ridiculous to wish that he won 't let go .
tr	I	Simon showed up on the stroke of the hour , but they were a few minutes early .
tr	O	我有长发，而且它很浓密。
tr	O	蜿蜒的河床向右急转，并且他们骑进了初升太阳的光芒中。
tr	O	吊袜带很好地勾勒出她的臀部，并且他决定她可以把那件特定的衣物穿在身上。
tr	O	她的脸涨红了，并且她给了我一个尴尬的笑容。
tr	O	来自伊恩的能量流断断续续，并且火焰就停止了从她体内窜出。
tr	I	Jax stood in the shadowed area between two streetlights , but she jumped , turned .
tr	O	扎克被他响起的电话解围了，并且他轻步走出更衣室走廊去接电话。
tr	I	Samael 's already started reconditioning her and her mind has already been wiped .
tr	O	和迈克尔一起的周日早午餐的画面，以及在公园里散步让风吹散他们宿醉的场景，占据了她的脑海。
tr	O	他不知道事情会如何发展，但是他下定决心要从某人嘴里撬出真相。
tr	O	特丝不仅因她的无礼而疏远了洗衣房领班，而且她还引起了人们对她妹妹病情的关注。
tr	I	She lashed its legs off before it got the chance to attack , but it began to move toward her .
tr	I	I could barely see more than a few feet through the impenetrable bushes , but I glanced around .
tr	I	Many of them had multiple heads , and the bodies were small , disfigured .
tr	O	去学校要十五分钟车程，却只有十四分钟，而且亚当又不等人。
tr	I	She didn 't have his personality but Della looked like her birth father .
tr	O	嗯，是他，但是他不会做那样的事。
tr	O	这是他们的家，并且他们没有觉得有必要自卫。
tr	I	He didn 't seem to care , but in seconds , a rainstorm had visited the front of his white shirt .
tr	O	仿佛雷金纳德卸下了一个重担，但是他并不是唯一感受到这种变化的人。
tr	O	你会毁了她的名誉，而且她的地位也会很快不保。
tr	I	He fingered the cut and his hand rose slowly .
tr	O	她向我挥了挥手，并且她就离开了。
tr	O	他没有施加任何压力，但是她所处的脆弱位置唤醒了她内心某种原始的东西，那是对一个比自己更强大存在的臣服。
tr	O	她没有说她想讨论什么，而且当他问起时，她也回避了这个问题。
tr	O	他把妻子留在了后面，但是没有提到其他人。
tr	I	That was all , but they were excited .
tr	O	艾迪向我投来询问的目光，但是她忍不住。
tr	I	I 'm speeding , and I also have a silenced 9 mm handgun in the car .
tr	I	Its wheels moaned , and his chair wheezed .
tr	O	她总是提心吊胆地四处张望，并且她自然而然地害怕怀孕。
tr	I	I merely raised an eyebrow in response and my sleepy cheek rested against the door .
tr	O	冷冻效果仍在，但是我感觉到不适的最初迹象正在暗中等待。
tr	I	She would never truly belong to him , but it was the only way Riley could deal with knowing Hannah might be married to him .
tr	I	He had Lily close by and Dan was silent .
tr	I	Now he was reaping the punishment that was due to the true prankster , and all this godliness had just been a prank played on him .
tr	O	然后她尖叫起来，并且世界崩塌了。
tr	O	薇奥莱特试图抵抗，但是它还是控制了她。
tr	I	He laughed and I joked .
tr	O	她的褐色大眼睛搜寻着他，并且她无奈地耸了耸肩。
tr	I	He held her so she didn 't stumble , but he allowed her to pull him forward .
tr	I	He was still handsome , but he might be drunk .
tr	I	For a moment I allowed myself to lean against her , and Mother wrapped her arms around me .
tr	O	男人的前冲势头把他带到了掩体后面，但是肖恩知道这一枪几乎肯定是致命的。
tr	I	His classes took him to other buildings , but their father taught at New Hope school , too .
tr	I	Its screen shut again and he set down a small cooler , carefully sliding the glass .
tr	I	When she 'd smiled , he 'd felt like he could conquer anything and her eyes had been luminous .
tr	I	I care about him , but I 've only known him a few weeks .
tr	O	把该死的电话挂了，或者我把你揍扁。
tr	I	Without a hold on the reins , Viktor flailed in the saddle , a hostage to his steed , and it stampeded straightaway .
tr	I	If he didn 't have to wake her again , he wouldn 't , and hours had passed since he dropped Joey off with Savannah .
tr	I	That didn 't make him popular either , but his brother was well known at school .
tr	O	他们在圣地亚哥拥有一所房子，但是他们只是把它当作一个基地。
tr	I	The journey took week upon week , but in times long gone , they would assemble on beasts of burden .
tr	O	她的手抓着车门扶手，并且他松开了油门。
tr	O	我没有告诉她我为什么要试图越过边境，并且我本应该那么做。
tr	O	嗯，实际上是两个话题，并且那是第二个。
tr	I	Amara fell silent , and he let out a soft breath that nonetheless conveyed a warning .
tr	I	I didn 't open my yap , but it were the first response that bubbled up out of my head .
tr	I	I froze , and Raegan gasped .
tr	O	害怕他想把我淹死，我抓向他的脸，但是他拍开了我的手。
tr	I	The rest of the barn was dark , but Melissa had turned on the porch light .
tr	O	他在教堂见到他们，并且他们对他很友善。
tr	I	We walked along the corridor and I stepped out with Abe .
tr	O	她认识镇上很多人，但是她似乎从未和任何人成为密友。
tr	I	Then run for the hills and they silently laugh at me .
tr	I	Goose bumps rose on his arms and his throat tightened .
tr	I	Every last agent will die , and he will come with a vengeance .
tr	I	His teeth nibbled and she shivered when his mouth closed over a sensitive spot .
tr	I	He took pride in taking care of his body and he worked hard to stay in shape .
tr	O	他的头抬起来了，并且我们在镜子里进行了眼神交流。
tr	O	他们看着沙滩车开走了，并且黑文确信他们正在微笑。
tr	I	Her skin worryingly pale , and her hair was tangled around her .
tr	O	那股傲气动摇了，并且贝丝看到他三只眼睛里涌出了泪水。
tr	O	斯特兰起身了，正如安吉丽娜一样，但是她没有走向车，而是走向了码头边缘。
tr	O	他的左眼皮比右眼皮肿胀得轻一些，并且他设法把它睁开了。
tr	O	他喉咙底部的一块肌肉抽动着，仿佛他正试图说话，但是他只是生硬地点了点头。
tr	I	I laughed happily at his excitement and his eyes jumped in happiness .
tr	O	廷臣之海在他身后合拢，但是皇室坚持其优先权。
tr	O	他向墙壁射了一颗子弹，并且材料的一块碎片掉了下来。
tr	I	Dennis was too distracted to respond , and Alena 's head was caught in the recesses of her sweatshirt .
tr	I	He hadn 't the hands available to set it right , and his cap had been knocked askew .
tr	O	所有好的餐馆都是法国菜，并且它们在岛上随处可见。
tr	O	他们尝试了所有的墙壁、天花板，甚至地板，但是传送门仍然拒绝打开。
tr	O	那些家伙有钱，并且奇普是核心人物。
tr	I	The voice wanted them to feel comfortable , yet there was no one besides them in the elevator .
tr	I	Even though I 'm quiet most of the time , I have a feeling I could tell him anything and he doesn 't sugarcoat anything .
tr	O	棺材盖砰地关上了，并且我们被黑暗笼罩了。
tr	O	定居者逃走了，但是他们又回来了。
tr	O	那个男人松开了手，并且她就松弛了下来。
tr	O	他紧紧抓住我的脸，并且他绝望地看着我，想要我理解他的处境。
tr	I	They took in the sites as they neared the university and the stretch limo drove down the highway .
tr	O	她的肌肉颤抖着，并且她觉得自己听到了凯勒布的呻吟。
tr	I	He had a lot , and chicks seemed to dig scars .
tr	O	我的回答在我自己听来有点奇怪，考虑到我几周前才拒绝了他的性暗示，但是从那时起，很多事情都变了。
tr	O	索耶拉回我的肩膀，并且我能听到她轻声哭泣。
tr	I	Near one is a tiny dot of blood , and the light reflects off a few tiny shards along the top of her foot .
tr	I	They all burst into laughter , and there was a brief pause .
tr	I	There 's a pleased smile on his face , but he looks worn down from working on the machinery in the Lecture Hall .
tr	I	Still she was ill at ease , but the night was pungent with sea smells .
tr	I	I shrugged , and she asked .
tr	I	I can tell he 's enjoying the show , but I have no idea how much Calder can see without looking away .
tr	O	我们曾希望将过渡期再推迟一年，但是丹尼尔的癌症发展得比预期更具侵袭性。
tr	O	加特林开始把支票递给我，但是我拒绝了。
tr	O	凯莉不想问，但是她觉得她不得不问。
tr	O	威尔曾说过它存在的时间和地球一样久，但是就杰克所知，没有任何证据证明这一点存在。
tr	I	Mom says that will change but I don 't like girls .
tr	O	我的一部分想知道那是否困扰着他，但是另一部分想亲自了解。
tr	I	She shuffled across the floor , and I stretched my hand out .
tr	O	发生了一些大事，并且我需要仔细考虑。
tr	I	His feet crunched on the frozen ground , and Bellamy 's breath fogged out .
tr	I	There will be a mother somewhere in the plan , and he wants to be the boy 's dad .
tr	O	她的名字叫艾米丽，并且她会弹吉他。
tr	I	Everything was different but now she was standing in the foyer of Linda 's house .
tr	I	My dreams were attempting to break through to the front of my mind from their current location on the fringes and I felt a little off balance .
tr	I	Then the anger surges , but I curl up for a few seconds .
tr	I	Once they started , she struggled with keeping her composure , and she waited until she was behind her own door before the tears flowed .
tr	O	凯特琳抛了一枚硬币，并且它正面朝上。
tr	O	所有人的注意力都集中在她身上，并且她全身的汗毛都竖了起来，处于高度戒备状态。
tr	O	也许这没什么，但是它足够重要，以至于变成了艾薇个人自杀神殿地板上的一件艺术品。
tr	O	她发现很难信任他人，并且她骨子里是一个实用主义者，相信将自己的情感远离性关系。
tr	O	有了一个空洞的戒烟承诺，并且我相信了妈妈。
tr	O	有人从后面推了我一下，并且我差点摔倒在地。
tr	O	他归档了，并且我打扫了。
tr	O	你把生活看得太严肃了，并且他的举动让你心烦。
tr	O	杰森的肩膀疼，但是他因如释重负而几乎感觉不到疼痛。
tr	I	Kristen felt a flash of emotion shoot through her body and looking into her face , he brushed a strand of hair from her cheek .
tr	O	她对她的兄弟们感到非常愤怒，但是他们正在执行他那不言而喻的命令。
tr	I	He ignores it , but Smoke is filling the captain 's nest .
tr	O	请把医院地址发邮件给我，并且我会让妈妈寄一箱签名书到你的医院。
tr	O	德克斯走近杀手，并且我僵住了。
tr	I	She fought back the tears , refusing to give in to the release until she was alone and her chin went up another notch .
tr	I	He 's not wearing his watch , but he looks at his wrist .
tr	O	雷玛头痛欲裂，并且她大口喘气。
tr	O	你让它对我来说很有趣，并且我会想念我的头号人物。
tr	I	Half a dozen dots under another cloud of red dust , and it showed the road behind .
tr	O	我们远不止如此，而且我们很绝望。
tr	I	Most of the buildings downtown had turned on their lights and the sun had just set .
tr	O	我知道感觉像是这样，但是你不是。
tr	O	她穿的比基尼很像她在热水浴缸里穿的那件，但是这件的上衣是无肩带的。
tr	I	I leaned forward , hoping that would somehow encourage Silver to surge ahead , and they turned east .
tr	I	All that had passed was pretty much forgotten and I knew nothing bad could happen to me .
tr	O	没有适当的安全许可，这扇门无法打开，但是军事区域的任何其他门也无法打开。
tr	O	我的胃在翻腾，并且我的手指紧紧抓住我面前的空公交车座位的靠背。
tr	O	知道她把他逼到了失控的边缘，这让她有一种令人陶醉的力量，然而她还没有准备好面对后果。
tr	O	你们很多人不认识我，但是我刚刚从切尔诺贝利拯救了你们的城市。
tr	I	That 's okay , but I know I 'm in trouble with the school administrators .
tr	I	Rick accepted it and he held out the tube .
tr	I	His blue eyes looked puzzled , but he was smiling as he said it .
tr	O	爱是神圣的，并且它超越一切。
tr	I	I still remember the small lessons he gave me , but my father did not teach me much about running a country peacefully .
tr	O	我把我的号码告诉了他，并且他把它存进了手机。
tr	I	The baby was quiet , and the truck lurched forward .
tr	I	He 's also looking over at the calendar on the wall next to us , but he keeps kissing me .
tr	O	那是她和我之间一场紧张的对峙，看谁会先崩溃。
tr	O	她的双腿在凉水中僵硬了，并且坐下来穿鞋比她预想的要困难一些。
tr	O	她瞪着他，并且他也瞪了回去。
tr	O	我不记得接受过邀请，但是事情就是如此，我们被期待着。
tr	O	我知道饲养员一定很想我，并且我不能让那种事发生。
tr	O	那吓到了我，但是我现在不想考虑这件事。
tr	O	他紧抓着那个念头，那份希望，并且只有那时他才能自由呼吸。
tr	O	我上次见到她时，她爱上了一个人，但是我不太确定她是否察觉到自己的感情。
tr	O	我多花了一些时间化妆，主要是因为我不常化妆，而且我想把它化好。
tr	O	当迪米特里的身体摇晃，钩子陷得更深时，他笑了，撕扯着他的皮肉。
tr	I	I could see it was going to get worse and it had started to rain .
tr	O	当他们到达时，另一艘吊舱的救生舱口大开了，并且他们被两双手猛地拽了进去。
tr	I	There 're enough injured who want help to keep him busy , but the way he looks at me says he knows otherwise .
tr	O	靳不确定发生了什么，但是他没有从那个人身上感觉到任何欺骗。
tr	O	她感到一阵摇晃，并且接着那股黑色洪流就平息了。
tr	O	我不知道我到了那里会做什么，但是我迫不及待想知道。
tr	I	She carried this frankness into every relationship and the leader was a very direct person .
tr	O	起初，那是个疏忽，但是在我周二洗手间密谈时和凯特聊过之后，我一直在刻意躲着他。
tr	O	光线增强了，用它的明亮环绕着她，并且一种轻盈、空灵的感觉渗入了她的意识。
tr	I	I bared my teeth , not able to handle the contact , but his touch sizzled .
tr	O	我当时忘了，但是那时我记起来了。
tr	I	Jon , in keeping with the plan , didn 't respond and Ryder said something to Jon that Dean couldn 't make out .
tr	O	至少天气很暖和，我们也有路可循。
tr	O	我用力推了，并且门纹丝不动。
tr	I	There was no sign of Luke and it had been a quarter of an hour .
tr	I	He had assumed it would have soundproof windows , and Lord knows it had cost him a small fortune to stay in this particular suite .
tr	O	总有一天他不会了，并且在那之前，他必须习惯我在那里。
tr	O	我追着德雷克跑上楼梯，他示意我进入他的房间。
tr	I	Without it they would believe anything , no matter how outlandish , and he also knew people were desperate for any type of information .
tr	O	我掏出一些钞票，但是他挥手拒绝了。
tr	O	他最近一直侵入我的梦境，并且他看起来如此真实。
tr	O	我不知道，并且我不在乎。
tr	I	The words felt heavy issuing off his tongue and when he finally spoke , his voice sounded muffled .
tr	I	They said some high end drug dealers have palm print access for their houses , but maybe it 's because I am an orphan .
tr	O	他的猎物不见了，并且她的父亲正准备另一次痛苦的袭击。
tr	O	她听到远处传来火车汽笛声，并且她看了看手表。
tr	I	Then he leaned in , whispering something to David , and he took her hand , placed it on David 's arm .
tr	O	她的背部抽痛，并且她能感觉到血液浸湿衬衫的湿润。
tr	O	他轻轻拉扯着，并且她某种迷乱的部分想着也许她今晚之前应该接受他的提议。
tr	I	The door seemed to rotate and I pushed .
tr	I	I drop mine to her ass , and she drops her gaze as she walks past .
tr	I	They became fearful of horrific older Gods and they started telling stories of dark forces moving against them .
tr	I	It didn 't change anything , but I hadn 't known that .
tr	I	I wrote you off , and then you went to work for the family biz .
tr	O	他来早了，但是他说他没有别的事情可做。
tr	I	I was sitting all alone but it provided seating for eight .
tr	O	她盯着他看，并且广野则睁大眼睛回视她。
tr	I	That was alright , but it didn 't work .
tr	I	We made do the best we could , but Building supplies were always a bit short .
tr	O	他看起来很尴尬，并且我想知道亚当是否惩罚了他。
tr	I	It quickly soured when I remembered someone had just been murdered , yet I gave a twisted little smile at that thought .
tr	O	杰克逊是一个不分对象的玩家，而且那种游戏我真不想加入。
tr	O	当我出来的时候，我非常虚弱，但是我设法向一些登山者发出了信号。
tr	O	这是一个好的搜刮地点，位置居中，并且大楼里有很多有用的东西。
tr	O	他的低语声如此之低，她几乎听不见，但是这足以让她挺直脊背。
tr	I	My legs grew weak , and Heat shot through me .
tr	I	Nikki tugged as much of the sheet over her as she could , and Jax sat up abruptly , turning away from her .
tr	I	She was afraid he knew how funny he was but she fought to keep her laugh back .
tr	I	He felt that not saying anything might be worse , but he didn 't want to ruin a budding relationship .
tr	O	里斯已经失去了控制自信表情的能力，而且她难以置信地盯着那个男人。
tr	I	The memory of her pain returned and she remembered how she was put aside .
tr	O	我不知道他在船上有什么用，但是他很养眼。
tr	O	空气中火花四溅，并且金凯德转移了时间。
tr	O	天色已是傍晚，并且阳光将海湾照得金黄。
tr	I	There were a few believers kneeling in prayer around some stones that marked the spot of the apparition , and Yeshua was seen there after his resurrection .
tr	I	It was also the best room Sonia had ever seen in her life but the bedroom was the best of all .
tr	O	她的上衣也同样鲜黄，但是那并不是它最令人惊奇之处。
tr	I	That was that , and she did love him .
tr	O	乔西开始朝家走去，但是琳达拉住了她的手臂。
tr	I	That said much , and he was as bad as Dagmar .
tr	O	他们疯狂地做爱，又疯狂地跳舞，直到精疲力尽地倒在地上。
tr	I	Gregor 's arms began to tremble from carrying Boots , and it took a good twenty minutes to reach the palace .
tr	I	I hope Ethan will appreciate it when he gets back from work and it looks good .
tr	I	I don 't know if I can take this , and Oh God , if he 's going to cry , I 'm definitely going to cry .
tr	I	I found her choice of adjective telling but her face didn 't betray any judgment .
tr	I	Her lips took on a blue tinge and the child 's teeth began to chatter .
tr	O	他希望那能让他对她感到安心，但是并没有。
tr	O	我以前也曾感到恐惧，但是这是一种全新级别的恐惧。
tr	I	I decide not to press him for more information , and he says no more .
tr	O	他镇定的神态从未动摇，但是她却感受到了，仿佛那股情绪就在她体内一样。
tr	I	I was scared of his words but I wasn 't scared of him .
tr	O	我姐姐不喜欢，但是她知道我是对的。
tr	O	她的血液感觉好像在血管里变稠了，并且她的心脏不得不加倍工作才能保持跳动。
tr	O	他知道这会让她心驰神往，并且他们会从此幸福地生活下去。
tr	O	一切都会好起来的，并且我们安然无恙。
tr	O	她是维系我们家庭的唯一纽带，并且当我们以为她死了的时候，我们便分崩离析了。
tr	I	The Irishman shushed him , but Roland opened his mouth .
tr	O	我用嘴唇含住她齿间夹着的青柠角，并且我吸尽了它最后一滴汁液。
tr	I	A slow creeping sensation of jealousy made its way up my spine , and my ears perked up .
tr	I	You 're missing out on the culinary event , but Foreplay is nice .
tr	O	我忘了屏住呼吸，并且可可的味道浓郁得令人窒息。
tr	O	他打开了它，并且杰森·埃弗雷特在萨莎阻止他之前溜了进去。
tr	O	我发着烧，并且很害怕蒂根会死。
tr	O	他恍然大悟，并且他需要做的事情变得清晰了。
tr	O	事实上我认识一个，但是可惜的是，他也立刻死了。
tr	I	His alone , and she was his tonight .
tr	O	米格尔过来了，并且我们都猜测里面可能会有什么。
tr	I	Desperate times called for desperate measures , but I hated invoking the ex-boyfriend card .
tr	O	少女说，并且玛伦在他们前方几千步处看到一个巨大的结构在他们面前升起。
tr	I	Eric straightened , and the pain receded a bit .
tr	O	这是高年级了，并且他想放松。
tr	O	安布罗斯点了点头，并且普洛涅斯继续说。
tr	O	尼克对那样的想法不以为然，但是至少他明白了她的意思。
tr	O	更多的力量涌入她的体内，并且房间开始闪烁。
tr	I	I like her , but she doesn 't like me .
tr	I	I 'm sure he hurt his hand more than my head but he punched the top of my head a few times .
tr	I	I really need an ego building text from Six right now , and my self-confidence has just gone out the window .
tr	I	Faye holds me still , but my body arches forward .
tr	I	I send Jackson flying across the room and frustration at this delay wells within me .
tr	O	弗兰克正在讲一个无聊的笑话，并且他的鼻子正在从他脸上滑落。
tr	O	他已经二十多年没有操作这些条带了，但是他记得一些诀窍。
tr	O	她不确定自己为什么要问，但是她不知道还能说什么。
tr	I	She continued her cries and Kara squirmed in her seat .
tr	O	护士不见了，并且凯尔西也不见了。
tr	O	我感到脊背发凉，并且我后颈的汗毛都竖起来了。
tr	O	房间的宽度不大，但是它的长度似乎没有尽头。
tr	O	你知道他会让你惹麻烦，并且你不在乎。
tr	O	米兰达发誓再也不经历如此揪心的悲伤，并且造成这一切的正是同一个人。
tr	I	The lyrics were particularly poignant , considering what they 'd once been to each together , but it was an old song .
tr	I	She was trembling and her eyes were tearing up .
tr	O	我去摸它，但是扎克抓住了我的手。
tr	I	To his credit he held his tongue , but Jordan 's eyes widened .
tr	O	我听到了木头尖锐的噼啪声，某种东西在毁灭中倒塌的撞击声，并且我眨了眨眼。
tr	O	他们被推进了图书馆，并且门关上把他们锁在里面。
tr	I	He stared up at her , and she leaned against the wall .
tr	O	印第安人袭击了马车队，而且迈克尔也预料到会被这些印第安人袭击。
tr	I	That might not come for a while , if ever , but a healthy body would be a plus .
tr	O	凯尔西张开了嘴，但是她无法说话。
tr	O	我没有注意到德鲁好奇地看着这次交流，但是我能感觉到他就在我旁边挪动了一下。
tr	I	I got the question paper , and I entered the exam hall .
tr	O	她看起来极其不舒服，而且她本就该如此。
tr	O	图书管理员怀疑地看着我，但是他没有再说任何话。
tr	I	I 'm not going to do it , and I know that you don 't need me pestering you .
tr	I	He 's off trying to stay out of jail , but you 're supposed to be holing up at Dylan 's house .
tr	O	一个黑色的肿块几乎不明显，但是我立刻知道那是梅尔。
tr	I	That bothers me , and I don 't find you to be typical .
tr	O	我们到了房子后面，并且他把我推向门廊台阶。
tr	O	我的手指摸到了一个冰冷、坚硬、尖锐的表面，并且当我戳到我的右食指时，我尖叫起来。
tr	I	Rena gave herself to it completely , and there was a wildness about their mating .
tr	O	他问道，并且拉什意识到那是一种孤注一掷的努力。
tr	O	我有点震惊，而且我感到奇怪的悲伤，这很奇怪，因为我从未和那个女人说过话。
tr	I	He laughed again and from behind him Brian heard a chorus of cheers .
tr	I	Your mother was a great lady and he was a good man .
tr	I	Alan began to calm down , and I knew the answer was more for Alan than me .
tr	I	He opened up on it , and something moved outside the door .
tr	O	我生来如此，并且我一直都知道这会发生。
tr	O	又来了一对狼，并且尼古拉斯再次向它们挥舞。
tr	I	At least that was something he knew , something he could control , at least most of the time , but being a vampire was bad enough .
tr	O	她收到了一条新短信……而且她有一种可怕的感觉，她知道这条短信是谁发的。
tr	O	我们长得一模一样，而且我们有同一个生日。
tr	I	She sat up , kissing him and he placed her on the couch .
tr	I	She wasn 't beating him to a bloody pulp for it , and I noticed that Ryan 's pinky was overlapping Claire 's however .
tr	O	她的眼眶发红，而且她看起来疲惫不堪。
tr	O	我们只需要低调一段时间，而且接着我们就可以跟着鸽子去找雷恩小姐了。
tr	I	Several sets of filthy fangs were clearly visible and he grinned at the screaming people .
tr	O	他泛红的脸颊变得死一般苍白，而且他仿佛老了十岁。
tr	O	他在我这里一直很胆怯，但是这孩子现在却不肯停下来。
tr	O	她内心深处尖叫着危险，但是她不明白为什么。
tr	I	That scared the crap out of me , and it all suddenly felt easy .
tr	O	我知道是在午饭后，但是我不知道确切的时间。
tr	O	她用言语抨击了他，显然渴望得到一个反驳，而且他却因此而对她死心了？
tr	I	Bits of Moist tingled , and she smiled at him .
tr	O	轮胎到处打滑，但是我们设法脱离了危险。
tr	O	戴恩悲伤地看着他们远去，并且然后安吉丽克又开始阅读了。
tr	O	与她搏斗并且与他自己搏斗。
tr	I	I have nothing and I glance around .
tr	I	Sometimes when he was working he was with me , and when he wasn 't working , he was with me .
tr	O	男孩笑了，并且那个男人笑了。
tr	I	The slightest bit whiny and her voice is innocent .
tr	O	其中一条狗兴奋地吠叫起来，并且一个男人喊出了一声命令。
tr	O	艾达的嘴角泛起一丝慢笑，并且她伸出手去触摸他的脸颊。
tr	O	梅瑞狄斯的脖子像腐烂的树枝一样摇摆，并且她向她的年轻助理点了点头。
tr	O	他们身上盖着一条厚毯子，并且她意识到自己痒得厉害。
tr	I	I can 't but I try to fight it I try to stay awake I try to find my head .
tr	I	Nevaeh was standing in the middle of the yard and I noticed that the front door was open .
tr	I	At least now there was blessed silence , but she set the bowl on the floor , realizing there was no cream left for her coffee .
tr	O	他的脸颊泛红，并且细密的汗珠沿着发际线渗出。
tr	O	现在比之前更冷了，而且风像一群芬里尔狼一样嚎叫着。
tr	I	She knew there was a tool shed around back with a very flimsy door , but the door was locked , which she expected .
tr	O	我能感觉到锁在转动，并且随着咔嗒一声，它打开了——成功了！
tr	I	He snuggles up to it like a child and I place the duvet from the back of the couch over my dad .
tr	O	我仍然抓着塞斯的胳膊，并且感觉到他的肌肉收紧，他慢慢地转过身来面对詹姆斯·亨特。
tr	O	大多数人都叫我库普，但是你知道吗？
tr	O	我在商务局的朋友当时也在那里，并且他看到了她。
tr	O	她能感觉到微弱的连接，但是那只停留在表面。
tr	I	My dad loved your mom , but my mom loved my dad .
tr	O	她不想以如此原始、占有的方式考虑他，但是她的身体有不同的优先事项。
tr	I	My hands against his skin weren 't enough , but it was the first time he 'd ever let me take his shirt off .
tr	I	She managed to be in his general vicinity , but Willow didn 't exactly follow Patrick .
tr	O	他的脸上在手臂垂下之前闪过一丝惊讶，并且他突然变得警惕起来。
tr	I	Something told me he wanted something more than his meal , but licking his lips seductively just like in my dream , he answered .
tr	I	Blood squirted out of Hudson 's nose and I watched as Channing hit him again .
tr	O	布丽安娜双腿发软，并且我接住了她，无言地抱住了她。
tr	I	It is easy to get off course , but you try to keep your canoes straight .
tr	O	从那时起，他便在城里的多家妓院寻求慰藉——女孩们和他之间的年龄差距变得越来越大。
tr	O	她的猫眼眨了一下，并且一抹浅笑弯曲了她的嘴角。
tr	O	我的脸被遮住了，并且他们没有列出我的名字。
tr	I	It 's no good , but I hum desperately .
tr	I	I had in common and that was something Anna .
tr	I	Her stroke tingled over the skin of his belly like electricity , and her hands slipped under his shirt .
tr	I	There was a woman inside , and the building was a barn .
tr	I	I can feel the bile rise up my throat and as the meaning of his words sink in , my stomach lurches .
tr	I	I don 't , but I wish I had more to offer you .
tr	I	She nodded , and Rachel 's eyes looked toward the ceiling .
tr	I	This ride should be relatively guilt-free , and Driving always makes you feel better .
tr	I	I 'm extremely worried about him and Kayden 's been gone all night .
tr	I	His expression is unreadable , but he finally turns back to me .
tr	I	It didn 't feel right , but what he said made sense .
tr	I	I relaxed against her , and my mother wrapped her arms around my shoulders .
tr	I	Commercial taxes have been imposed by various Muslim governments throughout history , but as for trade , traditional zakat laws do not cover this .
tr	O	把外面那个疯子搞定，并且我会就信任问题回复你。
tr	O	我的心头一紧，并且我向前迈了一步。
tr	O	她什么也没说，因为那只会让本不高兴，并且他已经从他最小的儿子那里忍受了几乎所有他能忍受的。
tr	I	It made me feel pity for her , but it wasn 't really a sad life .
tr	O	过去两年里，普雷斯顿对生活没那么热衷了，但是他不打算在没有文斯的情况下离开这个世界。
tr	O	他需要一个发泄自己怒气的目标，并且这个不耐烦的陌生人看起来是完美的人选。
tr	I	Then again , I 'm not the same person when I 'm with Ellery , but it wasn 't me .
tr	I	Amber kept her attention where it was supposed to be and the game restarted .
tr	O	我会告诉她所有发生的事情，然后希望她不会因为我瞒了她这么久而生我的气。
tr	I	I had the drawer unlocked in a few seconds and a quick search around her room yielded the proper implement .
tr	O	格雷格和训练员们坐在一张桌子旁，并且我去了打饭的队伍。
tr	O	半个镇子都停电了，但是到目前为止他们的房子没有受到影响。
tr	I	A quiet hung in the air and the wind had died .
tr	I	He didn 't have the guts to find out but it sure as hell sounded like it .
tr	I	Her tears are making my shirt damp and she 's still crying .
tr	O	我试图说话，并且他打断了我。
tr	O	我会把他永远埋葬，但是你阻止了我！
tr	I	Her hands were tied up behind her back but she would have secretly cast a relaxation spell .
tr	I	I want to spend it as a family , and this is the last week of winter break .
tr	O	他们之间的性爱一直很美妙，而且她从未能在床上拒绝他任何事情。
tr	O	我把你晾在一边去追逐我的梦想，并且你没有因此而消沉。
tr	O	我不知道他是什么意思，但是我不再想问问题了。
tr	I	I couldn 't help laughing , too , and I heard his booming laugh from my truck .
tr	I	She 'd only made the situation worse , but she 'd wanted to stop a killer .
tr	I	The doors retreated into their recesses , and the elevator jerked to a stop .
tr	I	A fire lit within and there was a circular fireplace in the middle with a brass hood over it .
tr	O	天空最终变暗了，并且有下雨的可能。
tr	O	我很贪婪，并且我的手到处乱摸，我的嘴唇也追随着它们的轨迹。
tr	I	They don 't lose patience , but I keep apologising for not being able to tell them anything more .
tr	I	Something about Michael made her bold , but she 'd never been aggressive sexually .
tr	O	她的眼睛凹陷着，并且她的手指起了皱纹，好像她在水里待太久了。
tr	O	我从身后人的喘息声中得知，并且我睁开了眼睛。
tr	I	Immediately the overpowering odor of formaldehyde could be smelled , and the door was opened .
tr	I	This Cambridgeshire gal 's accent had driven the young Connie bonkers , and the Fowler family 's ancestors originally came from the Norwich area .
tr	I	She let go of the arrow , and she felt it come into sudden , sharp focus , like a spotlight had suddenly focused on her .
tr	I	It was like having knives thrown at her and he laughed .
tr	O	我热情洋溢的回应不起作用，并且她继续追问更多的答案。
tr	I	I never meant to put her life in danger , but I deserved to fear her , for obvious reasons .
tr	I	She 'd flown coach from Atlanta , and she 'd sat behind them on the commuter .
tr	I	I 'm not allowed to say which one , but one of my cousins went into the CIA .
tr	I	Their introduction had been on a very stressful night , but Tara had met Eric in Bon Temps .
tr	O	我不想读它们，但是有人向媒体通风报信了。
tr	I	They did not understand it , and something was happening .
tr	I	There was nothing to adjust to , but my eyes would 've adjusted by now .
tr	O	那是我为数不多的空白答案之一，但是我本该答对的。
tr	I	Kylie barely listened , too excited that she wasn 't invisible anymore , but someone asked in the stall beside her .
tr	I	This is ridiculous , but I knew I had a rough road ahead of me .
tr	O	她显然很生气，并且他理解她的理由。
tr	I	Maybe it did , and he sang as though it broke his heart to sing .
tr	I	I drove myself to keep going , but my wings seemed almost on fire .
tr	I	I smiled at the thought of him trying to fit into one , and all I could see was school chairs .
tr	I	Your father is there , too , but you look so much like her .
tr	O	我不确定为什么，但是我此刻只想独占这个女孩。
tr	O	海耶斯给了她一个微笑，但是那是一个勉强的微笑。
tr	O	讽刺的是，我跟艾什顿在一起的时候，有一半时间会脱口而出不该说的话，但是这绝非有意为之。
tr	I	He falls to the floor , and Caleb 's eyes roll back .
tr	I	It sounded like she knew something bad was getting ready to happen , and I 'd heard her voice right before I took my little trip .
tr	O	恐惧一直在我心中占据首位，并且我害怕向女王承认这一点。
tr	I	We 'll find out all about them in good time but we 're curious about the strangers .
tr	I	I move my h * ps with him , meeting him in the middle and he thrusts into me again .
tr	I	Maybe it was her or the sky seemed to change ?
tr	O	我结束后，她抓起我们的盐罐，并且她在我们每张床周围画了一个圈。
tr	O	她的父亲是一名律师，在60年代与父母从古巴逃离，并且他深度参与了音乐产业。
tr	O	莱利会在未来几年内晋升为高级士官长，并且这次晋升对他很重要。
tr	O	她的头发湿漉漉的，而且她几乎没有时间擦干自己。
tr	I	He could hear it break in places , but he tried to keep his voice calm .
tr	O	我能看出他非常想吻我，但是礼仪阻止了他付诸行动。
tr	O	他能感觉到她在身下呼吸，但是他看不清她的脸。
tr	I	I wouldn 't be here or A had been to play sick , which obviously hadn 't worked .
tr	I	Estella laughed , leading us both into the big yellow kitchen , and Trey 's blush at that statement matched my own .
tr	I	I was rethinking my plan of getting her out of the diner and the whole upper half of my face hurt .
tr	O	卡梅隆已经进了三次球了，而且这是我们的第一分。
tr	I	It didn 't seem to help , but Emily coughed a few more times .
tr	I	She couldn 't seem to shove the words out , but she tried to tell him that he was killing Cain .
tr	I	The options were password protected , but Clay scrolled through the menu .
tr	I	Now I want him to stop , but he still rubs me affectionately .
tr	I	Her hormones were all over the place with the pregnancy and she hadn 't been kissed like that for five months .
tr	O	当我们到达大门时，我们听到有人喊叫，而且那不是巴里。
tr	O	他们到目前为止只做到了把她吓得魂不附体，而且他们甚至还没有说他们想让她做什么。
tr	O	他变身的时候变得很生气，但是看起来很痛苦。
tr	O	公开处决令人心生恐惧，并且这群人此刻需要畏惧权威。
tr	I	I felt comfortable pretty quickly and they were really nice though .
tr	O	他只穿了一件西装外套套在T恤外面，并且亚历克忍不住想他是不是会冷。
tr	O	我们共处了一周，并且它没有成功。
tr	I	He led Sole Pleasure into it , and a small hollow dipped just ahead .
tr	I	Everyone was suddenly struck with immense home sickness and after stories had been shared in the cold winter air , silence followed .
tr	O	我不安地动了动，但是我决心要硬着头皮撑过去。
tr	I	Still , still , he was back home in America , but instead , they were scolded for getting lost at a tour during a vacation !
tr	I	The noise stopped coming from the other side of the ridge and the battle died down .
tr	I	Surely she 'd manage to slip away in that time , and she could fool him until then .
tr	I	I could tell she wanted to , but Tegan didn 't hug me around the shoulders because we were soldiers now .
tr	I	Gansey 's eyes came open as the passenger door groaned , and the car jerked then .
tr	I	Stryker held him in place , but Theo tried to pull away .
tr	O	她没有回答，只是发出了微弱的呻吟，并且这就是他需要听到的一切。
tr	O	他们想与他同床共枕，都是出于不纯的目的，并且他想要他们，本是出于一些会让他们感到恐惧的原因。
tr	I	I don 't know what , but something happened .
tr	O	我叫他滚，并且他不喜欢。
tr	O	他们可能没有杀死她，但是他们仍然严重伤害了她。
tr	O	这是我的舞蹈，并且他们不能阻止我享受它。
tr	O	他知道自己说了什么，但是他没有表示歉意。
tr	I	The man 's expression went loose , and plaster floured the air .
tr	O	他保留了所有超出这部分的钱，并且这让他致富。
tr	I	I don 't wish to lie to you and now you 've saved me , again , .
tr	O	把所有这些加到他英俊的容貌上，并且芬恩看起来和他之前欣赏的珠宝一样精致。
tr	O	你必须让新手感到恐惧，但是每个人都知道这只是一个派对游戏。
tr	I	He started massaging her again , but she almost heard him smile .
tr	O	我之前记得其中一些，但是现在连那些我都想不起来了。
tr	I	He looked at all three of us again as if we were pulling his leg and the name registered nothing on the man 's face .
tr	O	我知道我听起来很生气，但是我心里充满了恐惧。
tr	I	Darth Maul had made quick work of them , but they had come out of the mountain itself .
tr	O	就随性点，他想，并且希望她不会反应不好。
tr	O	几分钟后，颠簸的路程变得平稳了，并且云层也开始稍微散开了。
tr	O	狭窄山顶上的树木很少，并且她能够看到周围的一切。
tr	O	他的母亲是英国人，并且他的父亲是韩国人。
tr	O	他们也不在意提供任何关于自己的信息，并且我没问是因为我不在意。
tr	I	The tears didn 't come , but her eyes filled , killing him .
tr	I	Violeta rolled her eyes and one girl called out .
tr	O	我看着她打开它，并且她越过肩膀，再次微笑着才离开。
tr	I	I couldn 't find it but I heard it .
tr	O	你可以打电话给你爷爷，并且他至少可以告诉你关于库尔特的事情。
tr	O	加勒特怀疑，韦斯受伤比埃利奥特严重得多，但是他通常没有说任何一个字来表明这一点。
tr	I	I just had to walk away and Cam 's in shock .
tr	I	He thought it might be , but he didn 't know if the blood was contagious .
tr	I	There would be a general alert and soon the bodies would be discovered .
tr	O	毕竟，机器人没有政治权力，并且人类有。
tr	I	She thought it was , or it was Wes Harris .
tr	I	I 'm suddenly nervous and my heart kicks into gear .
tr	I	Anything either of them wanted , and this was beyond himself , Erin .
tr	I	The frustrations I needed to get out were going to remain bottled inside and I was certain Nate was going to go too easy on me .
tr	I	I wasn 't being Bound and I was the youngest queen .
tr	I	They always loved me , but oh they let me suffer the consequences of my mistakes .
tr	I	He still had five minutes before the last train and he was too exhausted to bother walking down them .
tr	O	他知道这是徒劳的，但是它困扰着他清醒的每一分钟。
tr	I	Headed for the pharmacy , and a very young man with a sparse mustache got up , abashed .
tr	O	疼痛在她右臀部绽开，并且她尖叫起来。
tr	O	她巧克力棕色的头发开始从头上紧紧的发髻中散落，但是她不理会那些垂落在脸上的发丝。
tr	I	He was asking questions , and Bryan had one of his vampire reporters there .
tr	I	Maybe he would be able to get a decent start there , and the cloud porpoises seemed much more interesting than his old home .
tr	O	她瞥了一眼艾伦，并且他们的脸都红了。
tr	I	I went out onto the tiled veranda and I opened the door .
tr	I	It turns out to be amazingly easy , and the route to the Mississippi is now clear .
tr	O	他的肩膀因此而疼痛，但是他的整个动作也受到了影响，使得工作变得更加困难。
tr	I	When Abby gives her word , she means it , and she promised to keep her business away from you .
tr	I	This was not heading in that direction at all , but he had expected some sort of ruckus .
tr	O	一只沉重的靴子抵在顶部附近，并且一把霰弹枪平衡地横在他的大腿上。
tr	I	At least they were both praying , but Christmas would be painful at times .
tr	O	我试图拉住她，但是她不肯。
tr	O	史蒂夫点了点头，但是他看起来仍然很担忧。
tr	O	春天可能已经到来，但是气温却很刺骨。
tr	O	她轻声笑了，并且我笑了，宽慰涌上心头。
tr	I	I 'm paralyzed , but I should move .
tr	O	它的某些方面展现了他和善的一面，并且我记起了我的礼仪。
tr	O	艾丽已成为科拉的小妹妹，并且科拉喜欢这一切。
tr	I	She refused to let go of Chase 's jacket , but they tried to put her in the ambulance .
tr	O	我建议道，但是那似乎没有让达米安满意，他摇了摇头。
tr	O	那是一套能充分展现她个性的服装，但是瑞安忍不住就此询问她。
tr	I	Within a second their faces turned to shock and when the elevator opened , two women stood .
tr	I	Then I followed Maggie into the kitchen , and I waited until my mom went upstairs .
tr	I	She had no idea how to go through with it , but T was the truth that she 'd begun this seduction .
tr	O	她的名字是萨凡纳，并且她是公立学校的二年级学生。
tr	I	Witches sometimes braved our wrath to come here , and spirits had been seen in the nearby wood .
tr	I	I smiled as I glanced at Kellan again and the three of us went back to our customers .
tr	I	His left hand twitched and his lips were dry .
tr	I	He released her hastily and she made a soft noise of protest .
tr	O	我看着他，并且他的笑声渐渐消失了。
tr	O	在托马斯被迫编造谎言之前，他们到达了他们所在的楼层，并且电梯门开了。
tr	I	There was an uncomfortable silence and they sat looking at each .
tr	I	He went to his side to appease his frustration as well and Will sensed Charles tightening .
tr	O	美即是丑，并且丑即是美！
tr	O	他的眼神充满歉意，但是我依然很谨慎。
tr	O	索耶在我眼中变得模糊，并且我知道今天第二次要在她面前流泪了。
tr	I	I knew I could find it on my own , but the old fool wouldn 't tell me a thing .
tr	I	I felt his fingers shake where they lay and Kiran instinctively put a hand on my shoulder .
tr	O	她不想过多耽误登机，但是她需要采取预防措施。
tr	O	我们正接近前往迪格斯住处的路，并且我知道一旦我们到了那里，凯特就不会久留。
tr	I	Zane tensed , and this look was different .
tr	O	我本该在我们离开前就想到它，但是我当时有点心事重重。
tr	I	Her died at those words and all Mairi 's hopes for Damen .
tr	I	Evan 's jaw dropped , and I shook my head .
tr	I	As loathe as Evie was to admit it , things were not looking good for him , and he was talking about Abe .
tr	I	The steel of his armor drew the heat from his body , and though spring was edging toward summer , the night was chilly .
tr	O	我伸出手掌，并且他倒了一些进去。
tr	I	What desires she made known he fulfilled gladly , but even now she asked very little of him .
tr	I	I 'm not gon na admit that to her , but I still do .
tr	O	查阅你的手册，并且做好准备。
tr	O	他的笑容很灿烂，并且他的精神很高昂。
tr	I	His howls were soon joined by others , and the Hound took up his baying again .
tr	O	他不理解，但是他也没有反抗它。
tr	O	我是他的，并且他是我的。
tr	O	我周围的其他人都被我的行为搞糊涂了，并且显然困惑是会传染的。
tr	O	她脑海中闪过一个画面，并且她才勉强忍住给自己扇风。
tr	O	艾玛希望我快乐，并且在这短暂的片刻，iPhone让我非常快乐。
tr	O	利亚姆是我唯一真正亲吻过的男人，并且现在，他将是我最后亲吻的男人。
tr	O	我知道一切……，并且我指的是一切。
tr	I	They resisted his gaze , each orb disappearing from sight as he tried to focus on it but he tried to pick out individual stars .
tr	O	麦克斯之前提到过，但是萨姆不以为然，之前没见过那个女人。
tr	O	查德抬起头，带着恼火的表情，并且他看到我时眉毛紧蹙。
tr	I	Her hand came up , and her eyes went wide .
tr	O	管家尾随其后，并且等他们都进了客厅，他用力关上了门。
tr	O	他们察觉到有隐情，但是谁也不会提及此事。
tr	O	她的手心出汗了，并且她的手在颤抖。
tr	O	那场葬礼是我参加过的最艰难的事情之一，但是我还是挺了过来。
tr	I	I almost cried when Carter walked through the door with his guitar hanging off his shoulder by a strap , and a collective gasp came from everyone .
tr	O	玛西娅沙哑的声音将弗兰克从沉思中惊醒，并且他哼了一声，嘴角带着一丝不自然的微笑。
tr	O	天色很暗，但是月光把那里照得足够亮，能看清东西。
tr	I	I swam forward to hold her above the surface , and she started to panic .
tr	I	It was all the same and they looked in every direction .
tr	I	There was no catching him and he disappeared in that maze .
tr	O	我又推了一下，并且一道光出现了。
tr	O	我听到了声音，但是那些话语是毫无意义的。
tr	I	She lightly touched it and her hands bumped into something hard .
tr	I	We didn 't have any chance to talk about it , but Doc listened .
tr	O	她的头发蓬乱，并且她的脸颊是红的。
tr	O	曼迪的脸有点红了，并且洛蕾莱能看出她想问这个故事是不是真的。
tr	I	In such terrain , they couldn 't fight as a mob , so we picked them off , but they hunted us through the trees .
tr	I	He doesn 't have to like it , but he has to put in his time , to appease Stell .
tr	O	尼克告诉我我不是，但是我没有相信他。
tr	I	He certainly doesn 't like to lose money either , but he doesn 't make any money off the Panthers .
tr	I	It had been the hardest I 'd made to date , but it should have been an easy decision .
tr	O	我一直处于崩溃的边缘，但是我及时看到了光明。
tr	O	这无疑是一次试图改变话题的脆弱尝试，但是他意识到这个问题可能真的会产生相关结果。
tr	I	I didn 't explain and he didn 't ask .
tr	O	菲奥娜正挑衅地看着我，但是我想我看到她表情里有一丝闪烁。
tr	I	It might do , but it wasn 't very deep .
tr	O	我们已经走了两个街区，并且她还没有松开我的手。
tr	O	蒂博抬起了宙斯的头，并且狗狗蹭了蹭他的脸。
tr	O	她说我太致力于拳击，并且我没有花足够的时间和她在一起。
tr	I	The past couldnt be undone , and he had messed it up , simple as that .
tr	I	I made us something to eat and sure , I had to get up to use the bathroom .
tr	O	她不知道她对他有什么期望，但是这种愤怒肯定不是。
tr	I	The illusion was gone and she blinked .
tr	O	她一直很快地把食物扒下去，但是对此她慢了下来。
tr	I	Little more than vapor remained and the two projectiles had met at a combined speed of almost twenty thousand kilometers per hour .
tr	I	An abandoned building wasn 't shelter , but a public space would 've given her some protection .
tr	O	他的眼睛是圆的，但是它对某些地方的关注多于其他地方。
tr	O	我听到有人咒骂，或者我认为那是我。
tr	I	The quiet didn 't last long , but she thought Caleb had given up .
tr	I	I was almost to my third trimester and the next couple of months flew by .
tr	O	天很雾蒙蒙的，你知道的，并且从水面往上看，你总会得到一个奇特的视角。
tr	O	他们的灵魂更轻盈，更明亮，并且我知道他们会找到平静。
tr	I	I instantly apologized , and it was ghastly .
tr	I	Lina gave a benign growl , raising her hackles just to tease him and he took a step forward .
tr	I	He looked up at her , stinging tears of bitterness welling in his eyes and she removed her foot from his back .
tr	I	I ran to catch up with Micah , and Beth nodded , gesturing for me to go .
tr	O	我带走了所有深受喜爱的配角，并且现在我正在移除所有旧地标。
tr	I	Knowing Ty , he wouldn 't tell them now , and they didn 't know luring him here could have put him in danger .
tr	I	Deep inside he knew that wasn 't true , but Allan had feared that Harriet 's letter might 've been lost .
tr	O	艾伦要么是她遇到过的最整洁的人，对此她表示怀疑，或者他办公室里没怎么干活。
tr	I	He leans closer because he can 't hear what I 'm saying , and the words are a whisper .
tr	I	He cost me my life , but I might still be alive .
tr	O	为了救我的继兄弟——我最好的朋友，也是我唯一的家人。
tr	I	If he didn 't believe it , I 'd kill him , and it 'd be like me telling Ryan the sky was red .
tr	I	I didn 't want to do that , and that was asking Lucas to doubt himself .
tr	I	His girlfriend is about to break up with him , and have Some Guts Kenny 's job sucks , his car is a piece of crap .
tr	I	She knew exactly why , and Mrs. K hadn 't smiled so much in a very long time , in fact , never .
tr	I	King Ignis did the same and the other knights also dismounted .
tr	O	他走进了我的空间，并且他的古龙水气息扑面而来。
tr	I	He let the matter drop , but Sullivan didn 't appear convinced .
tr	I	Besides , that thing in the road hadn 't looked like anyone 's pet , and her mother wasn 't a dog person .
tr	I	He bent his head to kiss her parted lips and Colby 's hands snagged in her hair .
tr	O	她坐在沙发上，并且她的小狗蜷缩在她的脚边。
tr	I	I screamed at him to speed up and he took his foot off the accelerator .
tr	I	He will be taking questions at the end , but he is only available for a short while .
tr	O	我不想留下，但是我确实想让她稍微有点压力。
tr	O	我被这个坦白惊了一下，但是我努力不让它表现出来。
tr	O	Bubbles也不愿继续前进，并且我不得不轻拍她让她安心，让她潜得更深。
tr	O	他把手伸给她，并且她抓住了它，知道没有时间犹豫了。
tr	I	She wondered why he 'd never mentioned it and the others looked confused .
tr	O	它啃噬着，并且它索取着。
tr	O	他摔倒在地，并且我压在他身上，在他甚至还没来得及站起来之前。
tr	I	A ripple of sorrow went through her and she stared at the two unknown figures in the picture .
tr	I	I felt sure no one would and the one no one ever had .
tr	O	你说你不介意我邀请他，并且我已请他把孩子们带来。
tr	I	They dropped like flies around the crying girl , and the fairies ' faces froze in stunned expressions .
tr	O	我觉得我们离小径够远，应该安全了，但是在这片森林里很难判断。
tr	O	Sarah曾是缺失的那一块，并且现在她在那儿，画面完整了。
tr	O	一些囚犯独自在一旁，但是大部分人则围在乒乓球游戏旁。
tr	O	我穿着我的人字拖，因为那是乌干达，而且你从不脱鞋。
tr	I	She obviously sensed it which explained the peck on the cheek , and the woman had a way about her that set him off balance .
tr	O	我认识的其他人都没有那样的声音，而且在我喊出他的名字后，他保持了安静。
tr	I	Even his mother had noticed their lengthy conversation , and Ladies were eagerly watching from behind their fans .
tr	O	我或许不该说，但是这让她看起来有点像蘑菇。
tr	I	When she returns the next day her world is turned upside-down and gone by Christine Kersey Sixteen-year-old Morgan Campbell runs away from home .
tr	O	当我们开车返回彭伯利时，安妮非常安静，并且我有些担忧地看着她。
tr	O	她一直留意着山姆，但是他没有出现。
tr	I	He also knew he wouldn 't understand the answers but he would have loved to ask so many questions .
tr	O	黑尔从他背的背包里拿出一个小小的皮革装工具包，并且两秒钟后，门就吱呀一声打开了。
tr	O	细节已不复存在，但是情感依然萦绕。
tr	I	We could have found food more easily in Austin , and if we 'd run we 'd already be there .
tr	O	这是一个微小的动作，赛斯没有注意到，但是我注意到了。
tr	I	A man with strange ideas named Cary , and we even made friends with a few of them , including a young soldier named Wilmot .
tr	I	The door silently opened , and the lock gave way .
tr	I	They couldn 't even see him , and Millard didn 't fare any better .
tr	O	瑞奇主动开车，而且我高兴地坐在副驾驶位上。
tr	I	She burst into her loud laugh , and Neil felt his mouth twitching up again .
tr	I	I ran , screaming , for the stairs , and chance grabbed for the old man as he fell .
tr	O	那是一个专横的命令，而且格雷戈里期望被服从。
tr	O	丹妮再次尖叫，而且一阵爆炸震动了地面，再次将所有人震倒在地。
tr	O	反对声迅速增长，而且在一场激烈的讨论中，他们迫使他接受了委员会的成立。
tr	O	科拉多按下了追踪按钮，试图将其弄直，但是毫无帮助。
tr	O	我扭动了一下，但是它被锁住了。
tr	O	他的体温升高了，而且他希望自己能以某种方式将那股热量传递给她。
tr	O	她那叶绿色的眼睛眯了起来，但是很明显她没有动。
tr	I	I wasn 't so sure , but he said you 'd be home soon .
tr	O	她终于习惯了他不在身边，而且现在他又来把她的生活搅得天翻地覆了。
tr	O	她必须离开这里，但是她没有车！
tr	O	我们在一个凹地露营，依偎在一棵摇曳的柳树下，并且猎户座的腰带低垂在空中。
tr	O	他把她放到床上，并且当甜点盒终于从她手中滑落到被子上时，他把手指插进了她的指间。
tr	O	我们在短得令人尴尬的时间内吃完了糖果，并且我看着她心不在焉地舔着手指上的巧克力。
tr	O	他的眼睛眯了起来，并且然后他指了指。
tr	O	百货商店挤满了人，但是我早就料到了。
tr	O	她的下巴动了，但是她坚定地拒绝看他。
tr	I	His hair was slicked back , and he was dressed in fancier clothes than when they had last met .
tr	I	She backed away , and he stepped closer .
tr	O	她的直觉告诉她不行，但是她可能错了，试图将她的希望变为现实。
tr	O	他转身时心不在焉地挥了挥手，并且我们再次穿过停车场走向他的卡车。
tr	O	地狱不想要你，并且天堂也不会接受你。
tr	I	His concern showed through , but he was trying to sound bold .
tr	O	那个女人闻声抬头，但是邻近的牢房里传来一声尖叫。
tr	O	他喘息着笑了笑，并且我们一起打了一会儿盹。
tr	O	他苍白的脸过早地起了皱纹，并且他看起来比实际年龄老得多。
tr	I	Mack locks it with a beep , and we get out of the car .
tr	O	他的嘴唇覆上她的，这次更熟悉了，但是沿着她神经涌动的酥麻感其强度仍然令人惊讶。
tr	I	Since meeting Alicia , he couldn 't return to his old way , but he 'd managed alone fine for more than thirty years .
tr	O	她的野性灰色眼睛扫视着人群，并且他能看到她双手细微的颤抖。
tr	I	I would expect something like this from someone that age , and I hired you when you were just a kid in college .
tr	O	他伸出手臂，并且我不情愿地接住，等待他的回答。
tr	O	很快他的动作慢了下来，并且绝望而渴望的声音从他喉咙深处发出。
tr	O	到早上风暴已平息，并且阿加莎·博蒙特的豪宅就像一座军营。
tr	I	Keeping at a steady speed , and he tried to focus on his breathing .
tr	O	并不是她不相信它们存在，但是她怀疑它们与人类关系不大。
tr	I	She hadn 't wanted to ask , and she didn 't know his plan for tonight .
tr	O	它因岁月而泛黄，但是它仍然有很好的颜色，尽管艾比预计刺绣在最初完成时会更均匀。
tr	I	He ´ s a strong , very strong guy but I know he ´ s not trying to do any harm by it .
tr	I	I told him we 'd have information when we saw him the following day , but he also asked about the fire .
tr	I	It was simple work , but it was back-breaking work .
tr	O	科尔坐在沙发上，并且罗宾选择了摇椅。
tr	O	自我到来以来，大群的它们一直在迁徙，并且捕食很容易。
tr	O	答案很明显，但是那不是我想要的。
tr	O	她打了个寒颤，并且他一定感觉到了，因为他把手臂搭在她肩上。
tr	O	我们回到了弗雷德神父的办公室，并且我坐在那里告诉警察发生了什么。
tr	I	He fought down rising panic and his lungs burned for air .
tr	O	她的嘴唇抽动了一下，并且她盯着他看。
tr	I	I can breathe again , and Dad why are we stopping here Then we 're out , walking .
tr	I	I had been obsessed by a lie and it was my mother 's all along .
tr	O	他又抱住了我，像以前一样掌控着我的身体，并且我喜欢那种感觉。
tr	I	There she was , and they got outside .
tr	O	我看着她，但是她的眼睛却盯着电视。
tr	O	他现在死了，像普通动物一样被开膛破肚，然而他们还是不肯放过他？
tr	O	第三级台阶在她脚下吱呀作响，并且那声音实在太响了。
tr	I	He decided to leave it as a rhetorical question , but Jake could answer that .
tr	I	He did not make a sound , but his body twisted with the force .
tr	O	有人来了，而且我的心都快跳出来了。
tr	O	它向我猛扑过来，并且我太慢了。
tr	I	It is beating steady , but his heartbeat is weak .
tr	O	火势越来越大，并且建筑物内部发生了小型爆炸。
tr	O	她的手抓紧了他的衬衫，并且她把他拉向她的办公室。
tr	O	他感觉到她触碰时，他紧绷的肌肉放松了，并且他允许自己放下之前的愤怒。
tr	O	我们已经采取了措施，但是我必须在所有方面接受杰克逊，我的族群才能真正安全。
tr	I	She was helping to do it and I wanted the pain to stop .
tr	O	他的父亲是一名在城市建筑公司工作的土木工程师，并且他的母亲在沉睡湖的中心商场开了一家店。
tr	I	I wouldn 't be the one correcting him but the address on that license was also hers .
tr	O	她屏住了呼吸，而且她感觉脸颊发烫。
tr	I	He wasn 't in the mood to go on a date but he almost called her number .
tr	O	他们互相看了看，并且他们站了起来。
tr	I	His hands were discovering her back and she started to play with his hair .
tr	I	She went to her knees , gasping in pain , and her ankle gave out , wrenching painfully .
tr	I	When I answered no one , they finally seemed to understand , but some of them tried to speak to me .
tr	I	She seemed to look right through him , but he stood directly in front of her .
tr	I	Immediately I feel energy coursing through me that is not my own and he places his hand on my elbow .
tr	I	It 's wrong for me and it 's wrong for you .
tr	O	菲利普在发抖，并且他尿湿了裤子。
tr	I	I knew she wasn 't , but this was the second time she said she 'd been over me .
tr	O	急诊室医生说那个咬痕看起来像一条大狗的，但是玛雅心里明白。
tr	I	Here we must stop them , but in Damascus we want the protests to continue to fuel change .
tr	I	She could feel herself throbbing between her legs , and her entire body had turned soft , pliant against him .
tr	O	她本该在美国的回程航班上放松，但是昨天她学到了一件好得令人无法抗拒的事情。
tr	O	我闭上眼睛片刻，但是它们因为汤姆前门的敲门声猛地睁大了。
tr	O	劳拉听起来很粗鲁，但是他们都知道那只是装出来的。
tr	O	她看到了他眼中的闪光，并且立刻从桌子旁跑开，一心想着逃跑。
tr	O	他们给她取名叫詹妮弗·安吉丽娜，本打算叫她珍娜，但是她从出生那天起就被称为安吉尔。
tr	I	She still hadn 't heard him approach and he was only a few inches from her .
tr	O	我们在他家停了下来，并且他换掉了正装。
tr	O	她是一个迷人、天真无邪的女子……但是她注定有不同的用途。
tr	O	她点了点头，并且他开始量尺寸。
tr	I	He turned to his friend Polonius , and the prince watched the efficient warriors prepare to besiege the town .
tr	I	At the time , I 'd agreed , and that was what he 'd told Michael .
tr	O	她需要搭车回家，并且我想要百分之百确定她是不是吻过我的那个女孩。
tr	O	诱人，然而温柔。
tr	O	他几乎听不到自己的声音，但是她听得够清楚了。
tr	O	她的声音有点颤抖，但是她又稳住了。
tr	I	He was afraid she would throw something at him , but he would have smiled .
tr	I	She 'd managed to put on a facade that fooled most everyone , but Hannah knew her friends were worried about her .
tr	O	前一刻罗伊斯还站在门口，并且下一刻他已将她拥入怀中。
tr	O	无法绕过那辆菲亚特，并且它的司机还没准备好开车。
tr	O	我让她先上梯子，并且这与礼貌无关。
tr	O	我从她那里收回了我曾许诺的一个生命，并且我在她脸上看到了她突然领悟到这一点的震惊。
tr	O	一个男孩紧抓着它，但是鲜血正在向天空喷溅。
tr	O	我非常喜欢这次旅行，并且地下花园很美丽。
tr	I	We 'll take you out of here and I 'll go get my three friends .
tr	O	他参加了艾玛的婚礼，并且她错过了。
tr	I	He turned to take her lips , and Tyler felt her lift her head .
tr	I	She could never die peacefully until Hank Adaline dies , and she deserved peace in death .
tr	I	Dagmar smirked at him and the shop girl rushed off .
tr	I	He didn 't wipe it away , but something wet spilled out of Dustin 's eyes .
tr	O	我需要开灯，但是走廊的灯光刚好够我完成。
tr	O	他发誓要报复他，并且今天他们很少说话。
tr	O	斯特赖克咒骂了一连串脏话，并且我听到背景传来一阵骚动。
tr	O	我正在把指甲重新涂成深棕色，并且托利弗正在做一本《纽约时报》周日填字游戏集里的一个谜题。
tr	I	Quinn was holding her , and she was in an upstairs room in a mansion on a private island .
tr	I	It was a moment of very real fear that closed around us and all three of us looked at each other .
tr	I	She could not rid herself of it , but Cassie realized her voice had taken on a slightly hysterical pitch .
tr	I	They encircled me , and two more came .
tr	O	我到达时房间里已经挤满了人，并且一片期待的脸庞转向我。
tr	I	It was normal but she was swimming in pain .
tr	I	Now I knew differently , but at the time I thought he was taking it down a thousand notches so that I knew I was improving .
tr	I	Josephine went to retrieve their tea and the microwave beeped .
tr	O	她的肉身绝不可能在这种坠落中幸存，并且她根本不知道没有翅膀该如何阻止自己。
tr	O	我的身体前倾，我捂着嘴，并且我的肩膀颤抖，我把笑声捂在手中。
tr	O	大卫不知道他母亲净资产的任何细节，但是即使他知道，他也不在乎。
tr	I	Then they make up , but families fight , Lil .
tr	I	She seemed to sway , ever so gently , from side to side and her unfocused eyes darted around , seemingly to avoid eye contact with William .
tr	O	他把血吐到脸旁的灰尘上，并且他等待着。
tr	I	There was a distinct smell of gasoline and the motor wouldn 't start .
tr	O	我想让他从这漫长而可怕的梦中醒来，只为再次拥抱他，并且现在我做到了。
tr	I	I promised Nora I 'd hang out with her Saturday night , but well , it sounds interesting .
tr	O	他感觉到她不会在报社，但是会躲在家里。
tr	I	It made me a nervous , and I had never gotten a text like that before .
tr	O	没有人预料到如此精彩的内斗技巧展示，并且他们为此欢呼。
tr	I	Hearing the girl beside me speak so candidly made me blush , and this wasn 't a reaction I 'd expected .
tr	I	I squeezed them shut , and tears filled my eyes .
tr	I	Adjusted the pumpkin 's eye and she took up her paring knife again .
tr	O	他似乎相信了这个回答，但是随后他的眼睛因不信任而眯了起来。
tr	O	珍妮把手放在他的肩膀上试图稳定他的情绪，但是他几乎没有感觉到。
tr	I	I startled and he had heard me .
tr	O	她想让他寻求和平，满足于他固有的力量，但是他觉得这不足。
tr	O	他的头发很凌乱，并且不可能对朱尔斯假装我们没有刚刚在我的床垫上翻滚过。
tr	I	Her curiosity must 've won out over her reticence , but her expression was clearly wary .
tr	I	That was mandatory , and he was married .
tr	O	她玉色的眼睛锁定在我身上，她毫不留情。
tr	I	I 'd been playing the odds for a long time , but I probably should have sounded shocked .
tr	O	她不规律地挥手，并且科里挥手回应。
tr	I	Under the circumstances no one would care , but when I walked into the room she was alone , it was against the rules .
tr	I	I wasn 't , and you were part of his life .
tr	I	He digs out sandwiches from a pouch on the back , and we crawl off the bike , take off our helmets .
tr	I	The light would burn us now and the darkness holds us like a womb .
tr	I	I could see she was measuring her options , but she didn 't speak .
tr	I	He raised his head slowly and I sat down opposite him .
tr	I	The door swung shut , and I blew out a breath as she grinned .
tr	I	Her hair was frizzy and she was pale .
tr	O	进展缓慢，但是他们很安静。
tr	O	你在高中认识他一年，并且他当时是……新生，还是二年级生？
tr	I	I almost believed it and Horror crossed his face .
tr	O	这当然很好，但是并非大家总谈论的万能之物。
tr	O	这就是我们拥有的整个夜晚，并且这个夜晚我计划尽情享受。
tr	I	The smell of popcorn filled the air , and a concession stand stood in the middle .
tr	I	I 'm not crawling back into that hole again , and I 've passed through the pain of getting over him .
tr	I	I think that it 's important , but he wouldn 't tell me what .
tr	I	The emotion came from outside of himself , but his body was reacting to it .
tr	I	I was getting hungry , and it had been a long day .
tr	O	古罗的声音很严肃，并且我听出了他话语背后的担忧。
tr	I	His face wasn 't more than an inch away from the monitor and his glasses were perched on the top of his head .
tr	I	When I went inside , it was quiet , but Ruby 's car was parked by the house .
tr	I	Rather than try to explain , she chose to trust his judgment , and she knew the Captain was good at interpreting what he saw .
tr	O	独眼士兵把绳子套在马蒂亚斯的脖子上，并且他们把两名囚犯带出了黑暗的牢房。
tr	I	He looked over at me with sparkling , playful eyes while he ran a hand through his delightfully damp hair and we stopped at a red light .
tr	I	She was interrupted by something much more important than one good human , but baffled , Sheba cast around for another avenue to destroy the irritating boy .
tr	O	她比大多数人都更了解这个人，并且加西亚的报复是她现在不愿接受，也永远不愿接受的。
tr	O	当时感觉是对的，但是现在看着佩妮走远，我知道这是错的。
tr	I	It was the best and because I do care .
tr	O	从外面看它似乎不大，但是里面有个门厅。
tr	O	她拥有一切，而我一无所有！
tr	O	那没有困扰我，但是几天后发生的事改变了一切。
tr	I	He squeezed his eyes shut and his brows furrowed in concentration .
tr	O	他赤着脚，并且他很帅气。
tr	O	几分钟后门又开了，并且那个独眼老人从墙里走了进来。
tr	O	我轻轻笑了笑，试图打破这种气氛，但是我甚至没有从他那里得到一个真正的微笑。
tr	I	The shower turned on and the bathroom door closed .
tr	I	There was no reaching him , but Cole tried to signal Jace to mellow out .
tr	O	她的眼神柔和了，于是我不得不触摸她。
tr	O	他不像她那么醉，而且很明显他也听到了她的话。
tr	I	It took ten minutes before they came to the next house -- a pretty little cottage made of flint and the road veered left .
tr	O	巴尼告诉费伊站远一点，并且他爬进了一辆带起重臂的车的驾驶室。
tr	I	He squeezed me tighter , and I shivered against him .
tr	O	他手里拿着一个手电筒，并且他看起来比今天下午警觉多了，这是一个好兆头。
tr	I	It was a shitstorm , and the news reporters were jacked up for a sniff of Mac .
tr	I	He followed when we left the room , but Fade was still staring at the Freak .
tr	I	Someone had clearly been there recently , but it may not have been my father who 'd been living in his old cabin .
tr	I	I have been unable to trace what it was , but it is fairly well documented that he used a false identity there .
tr	O	他一开始看起来是个好人，但是我不知道。
tr	I	It was terrifying now , but the Bone City might have been beautiful once .
tr	O	他过多地考虑三年前与老七队在一起的时光，并且他没有专注于比赛。
tr	I	The light in his emerald eyes chilled her to the bone and he grinned .
tr	O	大约半小时过去了，并且我还在等蕾拉出来。
tr	I	He was certain that he didn 't want to start a bigger fight , but he didn 't know much about what he wanted at that moment .
tr	O	当我碰到她的胸部时，我用手指轻轻拂过她的乳头，并且她因此吸了一口气，她的腿缠绕在我身上。
tr	I	She could accept those memories as a small price to pay , but she would never be rid of the trauma she had suffered .
tr	O	他们没有击垮他，并且他也不会消失在树林里。
tr	I	It was his words that flooded my body with warmth , but the hardness of his chest against mine scrambled my thoughts .
tr	I	I still wanted to do it but I thought this would be weird .
tr	I	I was granted an emergency leave to attend the funeral , and Seventeen My dad died seven weeks later .
tr	I	I jerked forward and my eyes flew open .
tr	I	Her Collar shone in the lamplight , and her leopard eyes were deep green .
tr	I	It didn 't work but she bowed her head to allow her brown hair to cover part of her bleeding nose .
tr	O	男人们的尖叫声遥远而微弱，但是他们却在数英里之外。
tr	I	Her smile took a sly turn , and Mrs. James didn 't quiet them .
tr	I	His eyes weren 't but his mouth was smiling .
tr	O	我们需要快速找到我的家人，但是我们需要先处理这个瘀伤。
tr	O	这都非常正式，并且谢尔比认为她明白了道森说他师父很严格是什么意思。
tr	O	尼尔不确定，但是他很感激。
tr	O	诚然他的爱抚感觉很好，并且她的呼吸加快了。
tr	O	他整晚都在努力思考今天会带来什么，但是他的头一碰到枕头眼睛就闭上了。
tr	I	Her proud stature hunches over and her once dark hair is now frosted completely white .
tr	O	他不仅证明自己易受她的计谋影响，但是他也一定是她有史以来最容易的猎物。
tr	I	My son suggested they try it , and your friends had never dived there .
tr	O	我看到德里克望着窗外，并且我知道他也在想同样的事情。
tr	O	这些恐怖分子看起来组织性不强，但是我确定他们仍然可以开枪。
tr	O	最终，双方都不满意，但是这种妥协是他们都能接受的。
tr	I	The material steamed as it disintegrated in his grasp , and his fingers tightened around the edges of the photograph .
tr	O	一种液体中的条纹颜色表明它是油，并且另一种的强烈气味只能是汽油。
tr	O	显然他不是，并且他的兄弟也不是。
tr	O	在她心里，她一碰它们，脸就会被烧焦，但是这种事情并没有发生。
tr	O	让我对你倾注爱意，并且你用你的爱宠坏了我。
tr	I	It 's home but it 's humble .
tr	I	The mascara left dry drip marks on cheeks from crying , and my smoky eye makeup was all over the place .
tr	O	气味变得浓烈，并且我看到了眼睛的第一次闪光。
tr	I	He 'd been too stung , too disappointed that she hadn 't come for the reasons he 'd wished ... ? , but he 'd wanted to .
tr	I	He didn 't know what else to say , and he hadn 't convinced her .
tr	I	Shai only shrugs , wide-eyed , and I don 't respond , though .
tr	O	在他排队的时候，我本应该趁机逃走，但是我没有。
tr	I	I knew it must have taken her a long time to do it but it was just messy enough to look effortless .
tr	I	They would never again behold the bright day on their home world , and Twilight had fallen for the last time .
tr	I	Then he 'll be back , and he 'll spend a few weeks , maybe worst case a few months .
tr	O	他去克里斯汀的公寓调查了，但是克里斯汀不在那里——只有她的监护人瓦莱里乌斯夫人。
tr	I	The day her brother came back into her life was the day we all will never forget and she needed me as much as I needed her .
tr	O	孤寂先生曾告诉他考虑他的提议，但是珀西瓦尔决定执行他自己的威胁。
tr	O	哈特抚平了她的头发，并且她感受到了他的嘴唇，那是他新留的胡须诱人的拂动。
tr	I	For a little longer , I could pretend he was mine again , just like he used to be , and we 'd have these three days .
tr	O	火焰绕着巨石蔓延，但是它的热度却让她感到前所未有的恐惧。
tr	O	他的臀部肌肉收紧了，并且她抚摸着他的臀部之间，她的手指轻轻划过他的肛门时，他咬紧了牙关。
tr	O	门开着，并且尽管时间已晚，光线仍然溢出。
tr	I	I couldn 't find him in the crowd , but I rammed my way through the mass of people , trying to get closer to Simon .
tr	I	I didn 't expect to enjoy being there , but I started working at Cogent to find answers .
tr	I	It 'll do , but it 's small .
tr	O	是的，她爱艾伦，但是她为塞萨尔祈祷。
tr	O	我一生中经历过很多争吵，尤其是在过去两个月里，但是它们中没有一个像这样让我感到害怕。
tr	O	我向前迈了一步，并且亚当把我拽了回来。
tr	O	他没有再牵我的手，并且我不知道那是不是最好的。
tr	I	The drapes fluttered in a soft evening breeze , and the French doors stood open , as usual .
tr	I	She still wasn 't entirely sure she knew what she was doing , but it had helped direct her writing .
tr	O	她告诉自己她已经习惯了没有，但是事实比那更复杂。
tr	I	No one has ever heard me and I 've been screaming for years .
tr	O	她把它递给他，并且他也吃了那个。
tr	I	I couldn 't let him do it , but he pointed his gun to her head .
tr	I	She went on , and he looked puzzled .
tr	O	我的右臂在抽痛，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	He wished he could take it back , and she cringed visibly at the word allow .
tr	O	把她的贞洁献给德里克会很美妙，但是她早上会感到羞耻。
tr	I	Finally the two guards , and the Red Woman went first , then me .
tr	I	Whatever it was , it gave him assurance he was heading in the right direction , but he couldn 't explain it .
tr	I	Her anger knocked it out of the way , but fear tried to find room in her chest .
tr	O	我以前从未见过露西调情，并且我不明白她为什么选择现在开始。
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure he isn 't going to and for a while he doesn 't reply .
tr	O	蒸汽从一辆丰田轿车的引擎盖下冒出，并且司机的胳膊从窗户垂了下来。
tr	O	他的脸涨红了，并且他明显地在颤抖。
tr	O	当我们离开餐厅时，夜幕已经降临，并且街道空无一人。
tr	I	Her eyes were closed , and her beautiful face was tilted up , toward his .
tr	O	他的舌头滑入她的口中，并且她用自己的舌头轻抚他的。
tr	I	Kylie 's suitcase dropped to the floor and the bus came to a quick stop .
tr	O	我只能希望露西不会发现，否则我将面临一顿大大的说教。
tr	O	她那卷曲的铂金发丝僵硬，而且她闻起来像是一堆廉价香水的混合物。
tr	I	They talked about it for a few minutes and she went into the details of her dilemma .
tr	O	一瞬间我以为是科迪的狗蔡斯，但是不可能。
tr	O	我一直偷偷地在她背后为她打理事情，但是没关系。
tr	O	德尔的姿势几乎要完全垮掉，但是他似乎勉强地对我的赞美感到高兴。
tr	O	那天晚上晚些时候，它再次发生了，而且在接下来的八天里，这就是他们关系的故事。
tr	I	At the same time I want to go , yet it 's crazy to even think about .
tr	O	沃斯夫人带着一丝惊讶的表情盯着他，并且安妮确信他即将全盘托出。
tr	O	我把手伸进口袋，但是我却发现了一个无限更珍贵的信物。
tr	O	阿德里安低沉的声音打断了我的独处，而且我转身发现他站在我身后。
tr	I	I remember we went to a service for him , but I was a kid .
tr	I	Derek was smart enough to know it and he 'd follow Derek into the depths of hell to have his revenge .
tr	I	He did right by this girl , but I might not like her father .
tr	I	He was already trying to get rid of me and morning had just started .
tr	O	泪水灼烧着我的眼睛，但是我不会在他面前哭泣。
tr	O	她严重低估了格温，而且那将是一个错误。
tr	O	我不知道我之前期待着什么，但是舞厅却让我惊叹不已。
tr	I	All those words are forgotten , but I rehearsed what I was going to say .
tr	I	The feeling of ecstasy swirled like a whirlwind tornado , and I felt a spark ignite inside of me .
tr	I	She was fast becoming immune to such reactions , but most people ignored Misty after giving her a sly glance .
tr	O	这可能看起来很傻，但是山姆开热狗摊是这座城市十年来最重要的事件之一。
tr	I	I 'll list three men , and so , ladies , pick a subject .
tr	I	Instead of jerking away from him , I let him embrace me , and I knew by the clean scent of the cologne that it was Ash .
tr	I	She shrugged and I glanced at Gemma .
tr	I	He wondered whether she was touching herself and both her hands were below the table .
tr	I	He was getting it , as she clung to him , her body shaking with its need for release , and he wanted her full surrender .
tr	I	Maybe we would have eventually had a family , but my ability to conceive children had seemed sketchy at the time .
tr	O	没有她，一切或许都相似，然而一切都随波逐流。
tr	O	大流士并不高兴，但是 我能看出他正在下定决心接受我的建议。
tr	O	我知道上帝对技术真相的看法，但是 我也认为他希望我能自救。
tr	I	His fangs gleamed , and only one of them smiled .
tr	O	怀亚特家族最近有两人死于非自然原因，并且 你的父亲是第三个例子。
tr	I	The contract is voided or the money must be transferred Saturday .
tr	I	Jiao noticed that and Jeffery hesitated .
tr	I	I inhaled it and I could smell his soap .
tr	I	I don 't say anything , but I look at her miserably .
tr	I	I followed her with the bat , but I didn 't want to do it .
tr	O	他的父母从未大声说过那些话，但是 在他心里他知道他们为此责怪他。
tr	I	You know my words are true and take one look at Valley Forge .
tr	I	I shivered , and my skin went a little prickly , a little cool .
tr	O	尼普爬上杰克的腿，并且 栖息在他的肩膀上。
tr	I	She drew a deep breath and Maddie 's eyes opened .
tr	O	在陡峭的地面上行走很艰难，并且 安娜总是看起来即将消失在树林中。
tr	I	I felt it reach my fingertips and the tingling built in my back .
tr	I	It was as if someone had cemented them shut , but she truly tried to open her eyes .
tr	O	我希望那会足够，并且 不知怎的，它确实做到了。
tr	I	That doesn 't include study time and you already do forty hours a week at school .
tr	O	当他看到我时，他的表情放松了，并且 我看到除了担忧之外，他似乎还很难过。
tr	I	I don 't know where , but I see a big warehouse .
tr	I	Yet somehow it feels like the bear has won , and it only takes one bullet to finish it off .
tr	O	我不想让他惹麻烦，但是凯瑟琳·麦克唐纳应该知道真相。
tr	I	Everything feels perfect in this moment , but our path was rough getting here .
tr	O	她停止了倾听，当科林把她转向楼梯并且他们去了图书馆时。
tr	O	他比她高了一英尺，但是她却把他像个玩物一样扔来扔去。
tr	I	I felt Michael 's profound relief , and we heard sirens in the distance .
tr	I	Berry didn 't seem to mind , which was refreshing , and I was not much of a person for small talk .
tr	O	他的身体紧绷，并且他发出了一声粗犷的完成的吼声，随着第一波释放的冲击向他袭来。
tr	I	I stoop over to him and Chapter 43 Anthony falls all the way down to the floor .
tr	I	I found it sexy on him , but I had never liked stubble on a man .
tr	I	The sudden urge to take Jess with me had hit , but I had been planning on going for over a week now .
tr	O	如果她没猜错，今晚会是一个特别的夜晚，并且她需要做好准备。
tr	O	她看起来没有呼吸，直到迪恩抱起她，并且她非常轻声地呻吟。
tr	O	杰西正在洗澡准备上班，并且你不知所踪。
tr	O	我踢了一下她鞋底，可能有点太用力了，但是这招管用。
tr	I	He swung her once more into his arms and a slow , satisfied smile crossed his lips .
tr	O	他的翅膀猛地展开，并且他在她来得及跟上之前消失了。
tr	I	His flight wasn 't a terrible waste after all , and he had accomplished something that he had set out to do .
tr	I	Rob started at Tuck 's end , and I started at the far end .
tr	O	他的头猛地向后仰，并且他摔倒了。
tr	I	It wasn 't pretty , but eventually he found his way to the nightstand .
tr	I	She quivered beneath him , and he stroked a gentle finger down the length of her spine .
tr	O	纳瓦尔站在桌子主位，李维在他左边，并且哈里森在他旁边。
tr	I	It was the one person I had been trying to contact since the crash , but I wouldn 't have picked it up .
tr	I	Nate wouldn 't let her open it , but jerking away despite her unsteadiness , she reached for the door .
tr	O	看着高大的锯齿草摇曳和蓬松的云朵飘过天空。
tr	O	我试图更大声地念出他的名字，但是我的身体里没有足够的力气了。
tr	O	医院知道每个入院者的名字，并且他们中没有一个是杰森。
tr	O	总之，我希望你会认为这是个好消息，但是我可能可以回到营地。
tr	I	Her arm felt like a dead weight and her shoulder was throbbing with each heartbeat .
tr	I	He snapped pictures , and I forced a grin .
tr	I	I had to walk very slowly and the concrete was slick with ice .
tr	O	他们可以勒索他们，并且他们可以使用他们。
tr	I	There was no need , but Seth thought about his answer a moment .
tr	O	整件事已经失控了，而且我知道那番话之后就覆水难收了。
tr	I	Jackie knew he was enjoying himself , but there was scarce affect in Bennett 's voice .
tr	I	Everybody else and killing me protects me .
tr	I	We left the bus and three other kids rose .
tr	O	和托比见面似乎不是最好的主意，但是我却不知道还能转向哪里。
tr	O	他感觉到她的脉搏在她颈根处疯狂跳动，而且他的手指继续它的旅程。
tr	I	Within seconds a black , cute wolf stared back at him and he watched in amazement as her body changed .
tr	I	I knew how large that type could grow , but I hadn 't asked Roland much about the dust storms in Arizona .
tr	I	He had clients around the world , and his massive firm had offices in thirty-two cities .
tr	O	它们两个都响了，但是却没有回应。
tr	O	我知道她那样做的意图，并且我很高兴他阻止了她。
tr	O	卡梅隆称其为客房，而且她感觉自己也正是如此。
tr	I	She doesn 't move , but I wait for Callie .
tr	I	He fell to the ground and the energy balls stopped coming .
tr	O	痛苦让洛根的肩膀下垂，而且他的声音非常轻，我得费力才能听到。
tr	O	还有其他一些假设，但是他稍后再处理那些。
tr	I	I still had my scrubs on , and there was no rough stone floor here .
tr	O	偶尔她会露出那种狡诈的眼神，而且那眼神正完全显现出来。
tr	I	Her own pulse jumped and she sensed it as his breathing quickened .
tr	I	The truck stopped and she flagged it down .
tr	O	他的手一直紧抓着胸口，并且他的眼睛盯着亨特，仿佛要看穿他。
tr	O	加勒特给他们俩又倒了一杯酒，而且德文这次欣然接受了。
tr	I	To stay alive and I just needed a couple minutes - .
tr	I	He couldn 't deny it , but maybe not the most commendable of motives .
tr	I	Celine turned , keeping the cat out of reach but Kylie stretched out a hand .
tr	O	通常她会接受的，但是玛格丽特的斥责仍然在她耳边回响。
tr	I	His shoulders seem to slump in a sigh , but I couldn 't quite tell from the distance .
tr	I	I knew what came next , but I might be a virgin .
tr	O	她停了下来，并且我翻了个白眼。
tr	O	莫里斯严厉地看了那孩子一眼，想看看他是不是在开玩笑，但是那孩子以前从未做过那种事。
tr	O	我抬头看着他，并且他那鼓励的眼神恳求着我。
tr	I	Her mind rejected what she read , but the hair on the back of Jasmine 's neck rose as she stared at that last sentence .
tr	O	这是一种她拥有的本能，并且她不知道为什么。
tr	O	这种感觉绝妙极了，但是与那在天鹅绒般漆黑的景观上闪耀的城市景象相比，它什么也不是。
tr	O	以后还会有更多，但是目前这就足够了。
tr	I	She acts like she does , but the woman doesn 't own this shop .
tr	O	当戴蒙将马转向小路时，它没有反抗，并且那疾驰充其量也只是有气无力。
tr	I	Nothing would ever have been enough to stop Jax 's pain from tearing us apart , but I had wanted to make it work .
tr	O	它挣脱了，并且她向后摔倒了。
tr	I	Nothing changed in Vlad 's expression except a bright red handprint that quickly faded , but maximus looked like he was going to have a stroke .
tr	I	She liked working for Global Computer Graphics Corporation , and she enjoyed the privacy that the small town afforded .
tr	I	They reached the last wagon unscathed and he called for his warriors to follow him .
tr	O	她和一个男人在一起，而且他会打架。
tr	O	她开始沿着自行车道走向她的房子，但是她没有走多远。
tr	O	她的身体仍在再生，但是她的力量已经增长了十倍。
tr	O	他的妻子大约10年前死于一场车祸，而且他的儿子刚刚生了一个女婴。
tr	O	她仍然不知道发生了什么，但是她对其影响的评估刚刚达到了新的高度。
tr	I	He wondered why he hadn 't heard her walk up , and Colleen stood not a foot from the ladder , watching him .
tr	O	我曾经离杀死安德森那么近，并且我会确保我再次拥有那个机会。
tr	I	His jaw tightens , but James doesn 't turn to me .
tr	O	合适的鞋子本该是必需的，但是对莉莉来说，这些就是合适的。
tr	I	I know that we will exit it in the same way and we came into this world together .
tr	O	妮可叫来了供暖工人，并且显然有什么东西从炉子里被移走了。
tr	I	Colin , one eyebrow raised , followed Emma 's lead to look at the ceiling , and Rina groaned .
tr	O	TJ递给她那瓶水，并且她颤抖的双手打不开它。
tr	O	约书亚走向本，并且当仅仅几英尺远时，那只熊就用后腿站了起来。
tr	I	I 'd stolen his world , and he 'd loved her .
tr	O	那可能是一个虚构的故事，但是一个太可怕而无法忽视的。
tr	O	埃莉诺停下来喝了口茶，并且艾斯利笑了，已经感觉好多了。
tr	O	我以为那是个巧合，并且我现在不太确定了。
tr	O	她只需看我一眼，并且就跟着我进了我的房间。
tr	O	我做，但是他抱怨。
tr	I	I reached into my inside pocket , and we got the corner seats .
tr	I	I have super strength and I could run super-fast .
tr	O	枪支很脏乱，不可预测，并且它们制造太多噪音。
tr	O	她失去了两个弟弟，并且两次都是通过电话得知的。
tr	O	他们会确保她安全直到他们生命的最后一刻，或者他们会向我交代。
tr	I	Jackie turned around and the woman came down the steps .
tr	O	马达轰鸣着，并且船头随着船体冲向前而抬起。
tr	I	His gran 's a dear and his dad 's a gentleman .
tr	I	It was plain in his manner , his actions , his words - but he might not have all of his facts lined up - yet .
tr	O	这里几乎总是空的，并且今晚也不例外。
tr	I	It didn 't feel right , but I 've wanted to see more of him , to just talk to him .
tr	O	他点了点头，并且我溜回了人群中。
tr	O	服务员给我们倒满水，并且一瓶酒出现了。
tr	O	我感受到了摇晃狮子的颤抖，当我把手臂环绕在它粗壮的脖子上并像凯德那样猛地把自己甩向一边时。
tr	O	他的伤疤在我把他翻过来时认出了他，并且我用手捂住自己的嘴，压低了他的呻吟。
tr	O	莎拉噘着嘴，但是那只是为了效果。
tr	I	It was indeed the same one Sarah had found , and 3 Bryson described which trench he was talking about .
tr	O	我们是朋友，并且我不会越过那条线，至少现在不会。
tr	O	哈尔的眼睛震惊地睁大了，并且他站了起来，过程中放开了塔莎的手。
tr	O	我的部队冲向他们，并且鲁珀特剩下的骑兵骑回战场，去帮助国王的步兵残余部队。
tr	I	The thing inside me broke completely and one single tear rolled down his cheek .
tr	I	In that moment , I didn 't think she cared , but sex wasn 't the right way to show her how I felt about her .
tr	I	Caesar leaned over to pick up his toga and the mask went away .
tr	O	我们深陷其中，并且现在我生命中有一个小女孩比任何事物都重要。
tr	I	Brian 's record was what they had in common and Conversation was conversation .
tr	I	She needed to hear his voice , but he wouldn 't like her spending so much money on long-distance calls , instead of e-mailing .
tr	O	安德里亚在那些线材下放松了注意力，并且慢慢地，慢慢地开始松开它们。
tr	I	I followed her lead and we left the station .
tr	I	Demand everyone acknowledge that he was mine and something in me wanted to mark him .
tr	I	I trusted my instincts , and my instincts said he was dangerous .
tr	O	我转身看到一丝微笑冲破那片乌云，并且我松了一口气。
tr	I	The woman was fast approaching her , and Devon had the last seat on the train .
tr	I	There is no news but Adrian comes out from time to time .
tr	O	当我走近他时，他背对着我，并且他正在下令检查大门。
tr	O	灯笼左右摇晃，并且灯光也如此。
tr	O	格蕾丝看着梅西的脸，并且她希望那个女人停止说话。
tr	I	By the end of her own regime , she would see all immortals aligned , and her ascension was the first of many battles to erect change .
tr	I	Alyosha heard several constructs explode when they were destroyed , and this attack was stronger than the last .
tr	I	It had started out so innocently and Alexa had been the one to bring it up to me .
tr	O	他颤抖着，喘息着，抽搐着，并且她感到他炽热的精液深陷在她体内。
tr	O	他需要靠一份收入抚养四个女儿，并且他需要一个有把握的依靠。
tr	O	婚礼定在八月，并且社区已经开始准备了。
tr	I	That 's all we have in common , but we may share the same last name .
tr	I	That is to go to buy to eat , and the difficulty now came .
tr	O	贝克斯猛扑过去，击中了那个人，但是他没有倒下。
tr	O	咒语被打破了，但是她对扶手栏的抓握并没有松开。
tr	O	我不知道他为什么要帮我，但是此刻我宁愿不去问。
tr	O	我们尽力快速地向后划，但是这行不通。
tr	O	鲜血从他的鼻子里喷出，并且他重重地摔在了地上。
tr	I	When he raised the knife for another strike , Ethan turned away , and Pilcher 's lips moved again as Alyssa 's face disintegrated into agony .
tr	I	He struggled with frantic energy and the man was clearly hysterical .
tr	I	The doors swung loose and the windows were broken .
tr	I	I needed time to think , and I was only human , after all .
tr	I	I could tell she was undone , and her eyes had that glassy , faraway look .
tr	O	尽管穿着无可挑剔，他的头发一团糟，并且一茬胡茬使他本该光滑的脸颊变得暗沉。
tr	I	Nothing else mattered , and he was real .
tr	I	She avoided his hand by leaning back and he moved closer to touch her face .
tr	O	他认为雨水很快就会回来，并且他们也能够回来。
tr	I	He couldn 't find the damn key again , but he checked his jacket pockets first , then his pants pockets .
tr	I	The hysteria that is gripping my chest already has its hold on me , but his words would usually comfort me .
tr	I	It was real to me , but the happy front may have been a charade for my parents .
tr	O	有传言说他有时会进食，但是他从未在过程中被抓到。
tr	O	于是联合企业起诉了我，但是塔恩付钱让我无罪开释。
tr	I	I clenched my sweating fists , and my voice produced a vibrato .
tr	O	我转动了一下旋钮，并且热水从水龙头里流了出来。
tr	I	I shot a glance at the attendant to see if he saw him too and my eyes widened .
tr	I	I felt dirty wearing it and it reminded me of the other women .
tr	O	她的第六感非常敏锐，并且他几乎总能提前得到警告。
tr	O	她的眼睛因那句话而睁大了，但是他看得出他已经抓住了她。
tr	O	母亲在马车里，并且维多利亚必须救她。
tr	I	I draw my eyes up , and there 's a metallic glint to the left .
tr	I	He couldn 't keep it out , but he heard the bitterness in his tone .
tr	I	Something else caught my eye but there was no car in the driveway .
tr	O	所有人安静了几秒钟，并且女孩们茫然地看着彼此。
tr	I	Atticus ran away too , but Bella hopped down to help me .
tr	O	她把头歪向一边，并且我看到普里斯站在角落里。
tr	O	人们在祈祷天气变暖，并且那些祈祷将会得到回应。
tr	O	你知道，并且我知道。
tr	O	那个陌生人现在已经消失了，并且她的目光转向了那座坐落在山丘上俯瞰阿什维尔城镇广场的房子。
tr	O	他知道自己对女性的影响，但是有一些女性比其他人更被他吸引。
tr	O	她会见到他，尽管只是短暂的，并且他们可以安排时间谈话。
tr	O	我坐在大卫的左边，并且伊万坐在我的另一边。
tr	O	我为此工作了近二十年，并且在1996年我取得了巨大的突破。
tr	I	His gaze lingered on my lips , and he gave me a crooked smile .
tr	I	The kids push around me and I stop in my tracks .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but he figured she was perhaps twice his age .
tr	I	They linked arms with him , and he stumbled .
tr	I	With every thrust it 's as if he 's pressing his erection against my heat more strongly , and Domenico starts rocking against me .
tr	O	他在第一个夏天就把她送走了，并且恐怕他没有好好考察那个营地。
tr	O	里奥的目光向下漂移，并且汉考克发出了轻声的笑。
tr	I	If you have access to a computer , we could do some sort of video call , or we can handle this on a conference call .
tr	O	他想要一些更邪恶的东西，并且他似乎已经找到了做法。
tr	I	Even I thought it was farther out than this and we go out on the boat quite a lot .
tr	O	她张开了嘴，但是没有声音出来。
tr	O	我尽可能快地冲了进去，但是已经太晚了。
tr	I	Hopefully she was still alive and her mother would be the only one who cared .
tr	I	I let out a sigh and that makes my heart race even faster .
tr	I	She was given compassionate leave of absence and Bella contacted Hilda via her school secretary .
tr	I	Jake Griffin put me on edge , but I don 't like women who think being a bitch means being strong .
tr	O	她的头发竖了起来，并且她瘫倒在地。
tr	O	一只手触碰我的肩膀，并且我猛地躲开了它。
tr	O	我伸出了双臂，并且她坐在了我的腿上。
tr	O	他三次诱惑了她，并且她三次允许了他。
tr	O	愤怒仍在那里，但是它被她安然无恙地脱险这一事实所冲淡了。
tr	I	Sure enough there was an unmistakable sanguine sheen to a number of the leaves on the bush and we walked out to where he stood .
tr	I	Moose pushed Squirrel , nearly launching him off the side of the dock , and he threw an angry look at his cohorts .
tr	I	Brad nodded to DS Scott of the Met , and so far they had guessed his route correctly .
tr	I	It was seriously warping my senses , and SOS was making me overly suspicious .
tr	I	Enough was enough , but I had let him have his fun .
tr	I	There always seemed to be plenty of it around his parents ' house , and Oliver liked fruitcake .
tr	I	He never came out but I sat on the couch watching television .
tr	I	They both stared in silence at the house and Bryan squeezed Liz 's hand .
tr	I	The wal s were lined with heavy tomes bound in dark leather , gold printing across the spines , and the drapes were pulled across the windows .
tr	I	A disbelieving smile curved his thin lips , and his eyes gleamed with amusement as they landed on Ashby .
tr	O	我一瘸一拐地向前走着，并且他把她带到我身边。
tr	I	They parted and she laughed .
tr	O	一个灿烂的笑容改变了他妻子的面容，并且他的心为之一滞。
tr	I	She didn 't want to confess everything that she had found out tonight , but she was in the middle of it .
tr	I	Disappointment is setting in and he 's focused on the road grader .
tr	O	文件飘落到地上，并且他弯下腰去捡它们。
tr	I	Snow was steadily increasing the further we drove , but there 'd only been light flurries at Court .
tr	O	我的耳朵里有响亮的嗡嗡声，并且我无法专注于蕾吉娜的声音。
tr	O	布莱恩短促地哼了一声表示抱怨，但是莉兹已经开始上楼了。
tr	I	There was not a sign of the other men , but dropping the coins into a pocket , he ran back downstream a bit .
tr	O	他的手机震动了，并且他把它拿了出来。
tr	O	公司专机停在拉瓜迪亚机场，并且她给了小机组几天假去探索纽约。
tr	I	I slid in and he opened my door for me .
tr	I	Andrew grasps me with his free hand , but his hands retreat from holding me .
tr	O	恶臭难闻，但是它并非致命的，所以我身体不会自动生成魔法力场。
tr	O	他还声称自己有瘾君子般永不满足的性欲，但是他为何会认为她能满足他？
tr	I	I wondered if he was thinking about that kiss at the lake , and he grinned back at me with an appealing glimmer in his eye .
tr	O	她本想听起来很挑剔，但是随着他迅速而高效地给她脱衣服，她的声音却变得沙哑而困惑。
tr	O	灯光全是白色的，并且没有金属箔饰品。
tr	O	电梯停了，并且门开了。
tr	I	The sun was shining brightly , and sure enough he could see flames rising up in the distance .
tr	O	威尔穿着晚餐礼服帅得让她屏住了呼吸，并且她觉得她需要保持清醒的头脑。
tr	I	None were serious , but a few scratches on the arms needed bandages .
tr	I	For what I was after , I needed light to read the small printed numbers on the packages , but normally , I wouldn 't have .
tr	O	我向左移动以便好好查看一番，并且就在车头前面是车牌，TOL 006。
tr	O	德鲁通常对他的记者很严厉，但是布丽安娜从未遭受过他的怒火。
tr	O	他告诉我他还没准备好当爸爸，并且他认为我还没准备好当妈妈。
tr	O	那天我急忙赶回家，但是我没有告诉桑多发生了什么。
tr	O	他说不清是什么阻碍了她，但是他知道那不是因为缺乏兴趣。
tr	O	他推了她，并且她差点撞上吉娜伸出的刀。
tr	O	我的脚趾开始蜷曲，并且我的思绪变成了一片旋转的色彩。
tr	I	Her wrists were bandaged , and she was painfully thin .
tr	O	直呼上司的名字很奇怪，但是我猜我得习惯。
tr	I	That 's just too damn sad and every part of me begs to cry .
tr	I	She held my hand and Meg 's eyes widened .
tr	O	他的妻子残疾得很严重，并且他们不常出门。
tr	I	He swept me into his chest and Jason 's arms wrapped my body .
tr	O	我在颤抖，但是他很稳。
tr	I	I was very grateful it was where it was , and my trunk was at the end of the bed , though .
tr	I	It began swirling in circles and I stretched my hand out .
tr	O	他把手放进她的手里，并且她用食指轻轻拂过他的手掌。
tr	O	第二个坚硬的东西顶住了我的另一个开口，并且我再次收紧，对抗着那亲密的侵犯。
tr	O	只是现在她清醒了，并且她的思绪无法停止旋转。
tr	O	她问我关于我的职业目标，并且我无法回答她。
tr	I	That never stopped my fantasy life from including him , but everything about him screamed high society , far out of my league .
tr	I	The Winter Court is my home , and whatever happens , Mab is still my queen .
tr	O	马西仍然失踪，并且似乎也没有人知道她在哪里。
tr	O	专注着，并且制定着计划。
tr	O	我会确保我帮助这些人，并且他们再也不会打扰你了。
tr	I	It was good enough for me , but she didn 't sound too happy to drop the subject .
tr	I	Judgment was clear in his tone , but he looked exhausted .
tr	O	她把它向上拉过头顶，然后套在他的脖子上。
tr	I	Each time it was Conrad , and it rang three different times .
tr	O	我简短地点了点头，表示成功，并且之后在我们走出教室时才和他说话。
tr	O	当海瑟去看她的孩子时，丹尼尔试图安慰贝蒂，但是她不愿被安慰。
tr	O	迈克的膝盖发软，并且他摔倒在地板上。
tr	O	我朋友的情绪在他停留期间没有好转，并且她在他和我们在一起的整个时间里都在守夜。
tr	O	我抓住了亨特的胳膊以寻求安全，并且他轻轻地握了握我的手。
tr	O	噪音刺耳，并且她能感觉到她的头发因愤怒而开始发光。
tr	O	她浓密乌黑的头发垂至后背中部，并且她浅灰色的眼睛看起来像暴风雨前的海面。
tr	I	I finally felt a sense of calm that I hadn 't felt in a while and he smiled .
tr	O	摆脱他那令人着迷的效果花了好几秒心惊肉跳的时间，但是她做到了，接着急忙赶到她的车边。
tr	O	它有六个以太电流螺旋桨，并且它的驳船部分主要是一个巨大的蒸汽机。
tr	I	She was being pulled toward it , and she could feel his spirit .
tr	O	一杯果汁递了过来，并且他帮我喝了。
tr	O	杰克看起来是个非常好的人，并且我不想破坏任何与他成为朋友的机会。
tr	O	有什么东西在拉扯着我，并且有令人作呕的血的铜腥味。
tr	O	每次奔驰的步伐都带来痛苦，但是每次步伐都让他们离家更近。
tr	I	I got some helpful criticism from him and we shared our work with each other .
tr	O	你不会获得这样的机会，并且你知道你曾告诉过我关于抓住机会的事情，唐纳德。
tr	O	整个舰队已被破坏，并且没有新的零件运到这里。
tr	O	翻身躺下，她发现法式门已被风吹开，并且冰雹正落在木地板上。
tr	O	他把我放在离壁炉最近的皮沙发上，并且晨光以看似不可能的角度射进来。
tr	O	卡拉感到一股震动使她的脊椎挺直，并且她的眉毛拧成一个紧蹙的眉头。
tr	O	仿佛慢动作般，她的膝盖一软，并且身体开始瘫倒在地板上。
tr	O	它的陷阱开口突然关闭，并且结果毫无疑问。
tr	I	Using their children for political gain , and part of him understood this maneuvering .
tr	I	He doubted it was for the same reason , but Erin had kept quiet , too .
tr	O	我推了推画布，并且它展开了。
tr	O	传来一系列咔哒声，但是除此之外什么也没发生。
tr	I	Grey brain matter leaking over the exposed cheek , and he could see the hole in his head .
tr	I	We exchange a wa that says everything and Vel touches a talon to my cheek .
tr	O	运河底部被太阳晒裂了，并且很明显它已经很长时间没有见过水了。
tr	I	They came from the rear and the Welsh were riding double .
tr	O	女孩用她的主臂握住他巨大的手，并且他们互相重复着自己的名字。
tr	O	他眼睛里有足够的血，而且他会容易对付得多。
tr	I	That was when I had enough and he struggled the last few feet towards me .
tr	O	他的脑海里寻找着解决方案，但是珍妮在他想出一个合理的解释之前就开口了。
tr	I	He 'd never pretended to be anything else , and he was Beau Prescott , amazing lover , ridiculous asshole .
tr	O	他们用言语羞辱了你，并且你被孤立了。
tr	I	This wasn 't really a situation where any give-and-take was possible , but most of the time they compromised when they didn 't agree .
tr	I	He always finds me , but he 's not close .
tr	O	这段关系毫无进展，而且她简直吓坏了我。
tr	I	He stammered for a few seconds and his mouth fell open .
tr	O	塔拉有颗乐于奉献的心，并且一个男人可以放心地给予她信任。
tr	O	他不知道，但是他任由她转移话题，因为他对她关于山姆的话同样感兴趣。
tr	O	音乐又活跃起来，并且谈话声也跟着高涨起来。
tr	O	他可能为了大卫而维系了这段婚姻，但是他肯定不想复合。
tr	O	这些房子中的任何一栋都能装进我的厨房里，并且我们仍有空间做饭。
tr	O	我在大学期间一直这样做，并且我不再那么虚弱了。
tr	O	她没有留下足够让我发现她的东西，但是她留下足够让我重新发现“伟大或许”的东西。
tr	I	The fight resumed , and the rest period didn 't last long .
tr	I	He didn 't make it easy , and she killed her predecessor .
tr	O	他侧过身子，这样我们就能面对面了，并且他握住了我的右手。
tr	O	我花了这么长时间才承认它，但是我受够了查恩斯的秘密。
tr	O	他们在开车返回基地的路上都沉默着，并且她的思绪不可避免地转向了即将到来的吻。
tr	I	She didn 't budge but Lise pulled Natalie by the arm .
tr	O	原型不见了，并且我仍然知道所有黑尔家族的秘密藏在哪里。
tr	I	I have to , but neither do I .
tr	I	The barrel was pointed right at me and she was holding a gun .
tr	I	It 's easy to imagine him a dashing young emperor and his Romanesque facial features are striking .
tr	I	Kelly shook the thought away , but a voice from somewhere deep inside her pricked her heart , telling her that the key was to be faithful .
tr	I	She gulped it back in one smooth motion , and the bartender slid her shot in front of her .
tr	I	Her fragrance still lingered in the room mixed with their combined scents , and he inhaled .
tr	O	我看了凯登一眼，想看看他姐姐语气的效果，但是他脸上没有表情，他的眼睛仍然专注地盯着我。
tr	O	我，尽管如此，仍是一个宽容的女人，并且我会给你一个赎罪的机会。
tr	O	凯特问道，并且我几乎感激她打破了沉默。
tr	I	Consciousness dimmed , and then the door burst open .
tr	I	He finally looked at me , and for a moment I ceased to exist .
tr	O	她的右乳压在她的手臂上，并且这种压力让她痛苦地皱眉。
tr	O	寒风如冰冷的利爪撕扯着她的皮肤，但是她却不能进去。
tr	I	I answered , loping toward the trees , leaving Edward , Nic , the world behind , and the forest called to me .
tr	O	外面天已经黑了，并且没有点燃的蜡烛。
tr	O	我感觉到一根手指触碰到我的开口，并且我哭了出来，因渴望而弓起身子。
tr	I	I didn 't want to question him more , but I wasn 't exactly sure where he was getting at .
tr	I	I 'd grown up a lot since coming to Mythos , but yeah , I was only seventeen .
tr	O	麦蒂从未见过他，但是她听说过他。
tr	O	显而易见她不喜欢帮助我的主意，但是她确实别无选择。
tr	I	He doubted she felt any better than he did , but Clay didn 't know what she was thinking .
tr	I	He had thanked God every day that went by without it and he had prayed that it wouldn 't ever come back .
tr	I	Chewy thought he had somehow lost the connection if that was even possible nowadays and the phone went silent .
tr	I	I couldn 't figure out why , but I wanted to rub it in his face the minute it happened .
tr	I	The boat hit them , straight on , crunching , and the torchlight illuminated the rocks ahead .
tr	O	唯一的问题是他跑调，并且我不知道那首歌听起来怎么样。
tr	I	It hurt more to see the shushing glances from the ladies in front of him when they heard him yelp , but it hurt .
tr	O	他可能爱过我，但是他显然更爱自己。
tr	O	数百万个问题在她脑海里吵嚷着，但是她却问不出任何一个。
tr	O	我知道，并且我确信我能证明它。
tr	O	事实是，她讨厌问那些问题，但是她本来是想明天和瑞安待在家里的。
tr	I	She knew he was someplace else , continuing to love her , but Sara may have lost Brian 's love in this world .
tr	I	A third stood talking to Tony Vincent , the coroner 's investigator and two cops searched through the trash along the buildings .
tr	I	His back straightened , and his hands fisted .
tr	O	他的眼睛眯了起来，并且他将武器从一只手换到另一只手。
tr	O	德里克走了以后，她不得不全职工作，但是男孩们优质日托的费用却高得令人望而却步。
tr	I	A knife wasn 't much use against a gun , but she had a kitchen knife for a weapon .
tr	I	You would say , ' Sam 's here and I remember I would ask you what you were doing .
tr	I	She felt that he was nervous of introducing her to his mother , but he didn 't seem like a mummy 's boy .
tr	O	他通过强烈思考其他事情来压制它，但是那场风暴却压倒了任何强烈的思考。
tr	O	我希望我是，但是我就是我。
tr	O	不知不觉中，时间飞逝，并且当我的手机响起并显示着杰克的照片时，已接近午夜。
tr	O	她跪倒在地，并且我们和她一起跪倒。
tr	O	自然地，这小屋没有现代化设施，但是从那时起它一直是一处家庭度假屋。
tr	O	她迈开步子，小心翼翼地走着，并且我跟了上去。
tr	O	索耶的话回荡在她耳边，并且现在她知道他是对的。
tr	O	我们看不清太多，但是森林的远侧有很多烟雾。
tr	I	They had an equally difficult time understanding us , but it was not only hard for us to understand what they were saying .
tr	I	I managed a smile , but it hurts my ears .
tr	I	He knew that Nana would hear him , and he could see the windows open near the front door .
tr	I	Humor sparkled in his eyes and Dominic 's lips twitched .
tr	I	It was not the kind smile Annabelle could wring from him , but he smiled .
tr	O	我告诉他我以为你正在好转，并且一杯热肉汤可能会很受用。
tr	O	自从我们离开大本营以来，我一直没有受伤，但是我的欢乐时光结束了。
tr	I	That 's where this is leading and too tired to argue with you .
tr	I	I hoped those would be coming off next and Marshall was just in his boxer 's now .
tr	I	She kissed him all over the face as renewed tears rolled from her eyes and her brother was safe .
tr	I	Anna was no exception , and people relaxed around her .
tr	O	几分钟后，派对抵达了，并且她默默地数着。
tr	O	水面上覆盖着一层油膜，并且我疑惑那里怎么会有生物生存。
tr	O	一切都糟透了，而且我太累了。
tr	I	Caitlin finished her meal , and she left the room .
tr	I	Now it felt like masturbating in the town square , and she had never been one for Church before .
tr	O	我听到他咕哝一声，还有刮擦的声音，就像金属摩擦金属一样。
tr	O	他们承诺进行全面调查，但是科拉多不需要。
tr	O	他向我妹妹伸出手，并且她警惕地握了握。
tr	I	It came spilling out in one large square , taking up most of the little studio booth and I unrolled the foam .
tr	O	他开始走回房子里，但是肯尼迪抓住了他的手臂。
tr	O	问题是，我通常不去韦茅斯，并且我也不打算在保皇党军队在那里的时候去。
tr	O	她很少看到父亲生气，尤其是对她，并且她迅速地思考着。
tr	O	直到现在，我从大学得到的只有一封录取通知书和十几份需要填写的表格。
tr	I	I never knew that he would be watching it , but I once informed him about this show .
tr	I	Right now he didn 't have the time , but he could just stare at her all day .
tr	I	Their global influence will effectively vanish overnight , and their economy will end up at roughly the size of the economy of Norway .
tr	O	她还是离开了他，因为他要求她这样做，并且她会为他做任何事情。
tr	I	Her hand moves to the doorknob and she backs away from him again .
tr	I	Breaking into it was impossible without making a lot of noise , but the inn wasn 't impregnable with me away .
tr	I	I had a further flash of gratitude that he didn 't taste like blood and our tongues twined together .
tr	O	她是个大块头的女人，但是床给了她足够的空间。
tr	O	康拉德在我落地前接住了我，但是我希望他能让我摔下去。
tr	O	他正在自断后路，但是他并不在乎。
tr	O	她不是一个依靠，并且她无法在没有痛苦的情况下与他人相处。
tr	O	锁啪地响了一声，并且门开了。
tr	I	She stared intently at the ground , worrying her bottom lip between her teeth , but I turned to Ava for support .
tr	I	There was no movement , but he was warm to the touch .
tr	I	He called her back , but then she went to find the doctor .
tr	O	她耸了耸肩，但是这只突显了她在这里是多么脆弱。
tr	O	她仍然没有弄清他的动机，但是她确信他们不值得信任。
tr	I	It wasn 't often he felt that particular tactile pleasure , and she 'd been so soft .
tr	O	他没有武器，并且他身陷牢笼。
tr	I	You take responsibility for that , but Roll Fox out the door into the street if you want to .
tr	I	Most of them didn 't live two years past that , and most of them had the binding done in the military .
tr	I	I didn 't care a whole lot , and I was not surprised at her attitude .
tr	I	He was quick to fumble his wallet out of his pants pocket , and Wendy shot Brian a speaking glance .
tr	I	She would and she could do this .
tr	O	我一无所有，并且我一无是处。
tr	I	I frowned , my heart sinking , and Michael didn 't answer immediately .
tr	I	It would be helpful to have a pair , and the Arabian stallion would sire a better grade of riding animals .
tr	I	He came back from the war a changed man , but not that he was the sort of person to lie .
tr	O	湿气渗入了她的裙子，并且她的牙齿开始打颤。
tr	I	I promise this middle-aged bitch will be easier , and our only other choice is to take on a bunch of hunters .
tr	I	Her mouth compressed , and it took Rue a minute to understand what Sylvia meant .
tr	O	加布僵住了，并且一股红色穿过他的气场。
tr	O	史卡利能像他的导师那样狩猎的日子还很遥远，他知道，并且今天他要守卫林线。
tr	O	夏天吸引了我的目光，并且她嘴里无声地说着，“摇摆你妈妈给你的身姿。”
tr	I	Mary Ann 's friendship was important to her , and Destiny would never be able to even pretend they were friends .
tr	I	Jeff spoke up from the doorway , but I started to put on the panties .
tr	I	It will never be filled again and my chest is only a hollow shell .
tr	O	我再次张开嘴想详细说明，但是真的没有什么可补充的了。
tr	O	我经过了轻轻嗡嗡作响的通风口和寂静无声的门，每一个都用一个小小的黄铜窥视孔盯着我。
tr	O	她确实需要吃东西，但是她更需要他。
tr	I	She was still trying to focus on her breathing and they were prepping her for an I.V. .
tr	I	His gangly arms sagged a bit , and the older man sighed without turning .
tr	O	恶心感再次袭来，但是他站稳了脚跟。
tr	O	就定居点而言，它不算巨大，并且只容纳了大约一万人。
tr	O	伤害他的愧疚感依然啃噬着我，并且我惊讶他这么快就不再打电话了。
tr	O	哈里特反驳道，并且艾伦苦笑着。
tr	O	我很抱歉，马克斯，但是那就是系统。
tr	I	I found peace in that and I had thought I was running on plain machinery .
tr	O	他的眼皮颤动着，并且他用恳求的眼神盯着她。
tr	O	外面闻起来像刚割过的草坪，但是那只是巴士用轮辋耕地。
tr	I	Regardless , it makes me feel pretty damned good , but I 'm sure it 's al because of Dad .
tr	I	Mike forced himself to believe it , and the doctors said it was treatable .
tr	O	欧洲首先遭到袭击，并且妈妈在欧洲。
tr	O	古老的锁簧很容易破解，并且我毫不犹豫地转动了拨盘。
tr	I	Joni froze in the hallway , and James choked on his coffee .
tr	O	他们现在都喝醉了（除了狐狸，他早走了），但是他们的饮酒令我恶心，程度不及他们的吃相。
tr	O	安的门半开着，并且一把钥匙从锁里伸出来。
tr	O	我的眼睛在镜子里与她相遇，并且她盯着我看了几秒钟。
tr	O	他可以冒充任何普通人，但是那并不是安全的保证。
tr	O	我感到手臂上起了鸡皮疙瘩，并且我摩擦它们以保持温暖。
tr	I	The commander of the Red feared a counterattack from the mounted troops which came not , and the afternoon was growing late .
tr	I	I think she moved here to be closer to him , but he claimed it was because his mother moved here .
tr	O	艾奥娜笑了，并且杰米看到她小心翼翼，没有露出任何獠牙。
tr	O	深入了解妮基不仅会帮助她，但是它可能会让这种新的生活安排更易忍受。
tr	I	Her throat was dry , but she tried to swallow .
tr	O	我不明白，但是他似乎被一个人灵魂的黑暗所吸引。
tr	O	他设法重新编程了自动驾驶仪，并且宇宙飞船留在了地球上。
tr	I	He understood the necessity for it , but it was quite the annoying routine in his mind .
tr	O	峡谷入口处约有十英尺宽，并且只有微弱的光线从上方流泻而下。
tr	I	Then her gaze sought the beautiful vista before her , and Eveline smiled back .
tr	I	It was fading , but the door was still there .
tr	I	I had my eye on the one furthest from the stairs , but I wasn 't sure which one Dad wanted me to use .
tr	I	A tall , lean man stepped inside , and the side door opened .
tr	I	It got confused with the carnal but you were looking for spiritual union .
tr	O	他的声音渐渐消失了，但是乔妮不知怎地知道他还在继续布道。
tr	I	I 'm really happy right now , but I don 't want to hurt you .
tr	I	Mike met Jennifer 's eyes , but Henry seemed unable to move .
tr	I	She wanted to see more of what the world had to offer , but she enjoyed them .
tr	O	杜格尔的眼睛清明了一些，并且他又点了点头。
tr	O	我又想起了小珍克斯，那个可怜的小东西，并且所有那些现在已经死去的嗜血者。
tr	O	他把它推了回去，并且灯又亮了。
tr	O	于是仆人将手伸过大门的巨大格栅，并且安布罗斯把信递给了他。
tr	O	他感觉到她在隐瞒什么，并且他必须知道像玛丽亚·斯罗克莫顿这样的女人有什么可隐瞒的。
tr	I	Even though she couldn 't see his eyes , she could tell his gaze was fastened on her , and he sat across from them .
tr	O	他们确实这么做了，通过三方通话，但是因为汉娜不知道麦迪逊的姓，护士们无法给他们任何信息。
tr	O	她告诉过他的兄弟们要对他有信心，但是她没有。
tr	I	She wept again and the tender shook her head .
tr	I	I saw its red eyes narrow the tiniest bit , but the wolf lowered its head .
tr	I	She doesn 't hear me , but I ask .
tr	O	我摇了摇头，但是它没有消失。
tr	I	Already she had begun to feel that strange heat , and his smile was brilliantly white against his tawny skin .
tr	I	Linc 's troubles seemed to disappear and all she had to do was smile .
tr	O	威尔是第一个打小军鼓的，并且是新的鼓队队长。
tr	I	Avoiding the way they had taken , but he glanced around before leading them back in the direction of the house .
tr	I	He 'd had enough caffeine for one day , but after being amped up on adrenaline for so many hours , he was hitting the skids .
tr	O	她正盯着维克，并且我看到了她的脸。
tr	I	If Silken wasn 't exaggerating then it seemed there was not much of that to be had here and Max placed a high value on integrity .
tr	I	I grabbed it and the energy bar finally fell down .
tr	I	He suspected that there may not ever be another , and she was the only adult that Aidan respected unconditionally .
tr	O	我的皮肤在收紧，并且我需要改变。
tr	I	For the moment , I felt fairly secure and Isaac had set up a bomber anchor system .
tr	I	God is God , and Evil is evil .
tr	I	Some who wanted me dead could fly , and I had a bodyguards for a reason .
tr	I	She shivered against Ethan 's chest , and Julie was reminded of the men who had forced their evil between her unwilling legs .
tr	I	It smelled even worse and the Pit was ugly .
tr	I	Our prey are not prepared for it , and our manic speed is uncharacteristic of the Dead .
tr	I	There were no free seats available , but he looked around .
tr	I	While you might view this as some insane environmentalist metaphor , it is in fact a very sad truth , and excessive harvesting lead to their demise .
tr	I	It would be impolite to eavesdrop , but Amira could hear them speaking in low tones .
tr	O	卡斯帕路过，并且他的眼睛迅速地与我相遇。
tr	O	他的脸仍然离我只有几英寸，并且我想知道他刚醒来气息怎么会如此甜美。
tr	I	Susan almost fainted from the unexpected shock of seeing Fitzwilliam after all these years , and he said .
tr	O	我们五个人去了印第安纳波利斯大街上的一家披萨店，并且我的肚子饿得咕咕叫。
tr	O	特雷弗问了，并且我甚至没有告诉他。
tr	O	我知道这是没有希望的，但是我尝试启动通信阵列。
tr	I	Then set out again and we refined our strategy .
tr	O	他的伤口还在，但是它不再是致命的了。
tr	O	安吉丽娜看到他嘴角浮现出大大的笑容，并且她也就不再那么拼命挣扎着想离开了。
tr	O	她的思绪转向内心，但是她却大声说了出来。
tr	I	I shook my head and he winked at me .
tr	I	She grimaced and she sighed , shaking her head tiredly .
tr	I	She couldn 't restrain herself , but perhaps that was too blunt .
tr	O	她以为自己已经做好了准备，但是实际上，她却非常害怕。
tr	O	正值周三，又是下午早些时候，队伍还算不错。
tr	O	他没有动，但是他却突然感觉近了一些。
tr	I	It was so thick it stood straight up on his head and he had it short .
tr	O	她咀嚼着三明治，然后张开嘴想说话，但是她又闭上了嘴，因为她想理清思绪。
tr	O	他被困住了，而且自从他父亲六年前去世以来，他就一直被困住了。
tr	I	Tam doesn 't think I did , but I understood him .
tr	I	I reveled in the way we stuck together , and his skin was still damp from the rain .
tr	O	他不适合他们，并且他们不适合他。
tr	I	The man wasn 't stepping forward , but Sweat covered him .
tr	O	她确实把整个校董会都骗了，并且我似乎是黑金镇唯一不喜欢她的人。
tr	O	他的身体仍因忍住的抽泣而起伏，但是它们不那么频繁了。
tr	I	Their swirl slowed to a less dizzying rate but the colors that dazzled the room remained as bright .
tr	O	亨利温柔地将嘴唇贴在珀耳塞福涅的脸颊上，并且当珀耳塞福涅回吻时，一阵恶心向我袭来。
tr	O	是的，春天快结束了，并且夏天也即将来临。
tr	I	This was far , far worse , but he had thought he knew evil intimately in the centuries of hunting of the vampire .
tr	I	While wisps of steam vaporized into the surrounding air , and marshmallows had melted into a layer of white foam .
tr	I	Before reaching ten there was a low rumble in the distance and I started to count .
tr	O	多年来它一直是一个可怕的标签，暗示着所有权，但是与贾斯汀在一起，它开始意味着不同的东西。
tr	O	她把账单递给马特，并且他立刻给了她现金。
tr	O	塞莱斯特站了起来，但是多利安仍然坐着。
tr	O	兄弟们假装没注意到，但是每次我把手从水里抽出来时，他们都会停顿一下。
tr	I	That was enough to put a spring in my step as I exited the classroom , and now I got to see Sawyer .
tr	I	She wrapped her arms around him , not objecting as he trained his aim on Skyler , and she let Morgan pull her to his side .
tr	I	She opened her mouth under mine , allowing me a taste without my even asking , and her hands went instantly to my hair .
tr	I	He wasn 't going near them to find out , and he didn 't know if they would harm him .
tr	O	她母亲的眼泪现在已经干了，并且她们都在等待塔米的反应。
tr	O	他同意去看看那个小镇，但是那是一个他深感后悔的错误。
tr	O	我将不顾后果地前进，并且你将注重礼仪行事。
tr	I	They were grim occasions , purely dutiful , but we met up at a few Sunday lunches at home .
tr	I	She killed my husband , but yes , I killed a woman .
tr	I	They didn 't do him justice , but she had seen photos of him .
tr	I	She radiated a strange , hungry sense of anticipation and her movements were too quick at times .
tr	I	Now she may have cost him his life , and she had been too selfish to set him free .
tr	I	His cheekbones nearly poked through his skin , and his skin was gray .
tr	I	He was very glad to hear from me and I called him after the weekend with Tim .
tr	O	恶魔们看到它就发出嘶嘶声，但是它们都没有退缩。
tr	O	今天外面异常明亮，并且当然，天气很热。
tr	I	He made no such promise to Roar now , but Perry had told Aria that he 'd return .
tr	O	他们初次见面时，他还是个新手，并且通过看她的行动学到了很多。
tr	O	人类既宏伟又可怕，并且这些生物也一样。
tr	I	I would miss him when he decided to retire for real , and the man did everything with precision , without fuss .
tr	I	I wished I could glue it there , permanently and Heat pooled into the skin where his hand rested .
tr	I	I could sense the difference in her , and she was worried about me .
tr	I	We left the room and Nick pushed me forward .
tr	O	他静卧在枕头上，并且他的呼吸再次缓慢下来。
tr	O	我笨拙的手指在门把手上打滑，但是我还是设法猛地把门打开了。
tr	I	I was just as mad at myself , but I was mad at him , mad as hell even .
tr	I	I just suddenly knew that I could do it , but it was a type of personal glamour that I had never tried before .
tr	O	杰克斯的嘴唇间逸出一声紧绷而苦涩的笑，并且他又低头凝视着漆黑的iPad屏幕。
tr	I	You ignore me and I call you dozens of times .
tr	O	海莉迅速地点了点头，并且亚历克斯转过身看向她。
tr	O	那个王夫来到我身边，并且他问我是否愿意放弃我所拥有的一切来拯救他们。
tr	I	She never talks about it , but I always thought something happened .
tr	I	Billy backhanded me across the face , and I started to go after Nic .
tr	I	I can understand him and he can understand me .
tr	I	Her makeup is caked on and her highlighted hair is fluffed up like a poodle .
tr	I	I didn 't want to just sit there but I felt a nervous sting run up my spine .
tr	I	That 's only natural , I suppose , but she gets very bad-tempered sometimes .
tr	O	我不想打听，但是我必须知道。
tr	O	那是一段很远的距离，至少五十码，但是他的箭飞得比他想象的还要远。
tr	I	We have some members still stationed in Aria , but the majority of us live at the base .
tr	O	克莱尔忍住了说“是的，创始人”的冲动，并且默默地——在挫败中——跟着她走向豪华轿车。
tr	O	它不在旅行袋里，并且我们西翼需要它。
tr	O	我们从未见过面，但是我认识你的儿子。
tr	I	He shoved those flames right at Ryder 's chest , and he leapt forward , his hand full of flames .
tr	O	他是某种燃料技术专家，但是他现在死了。
tr	I	His eyes were on Allison when he did so , but Seth toasted Matt with what was left of his beer .
tr	I	Her expression was unreadable , but I waited for her to say something .
tr	O	他试验性地把那东西在空中挥舞了一次，而且他竭尽全力才没把它脱手。
tr	O	在那干扰下，克莱尔的嘴唇离开了我的，并且我准备好要摧毁那两个正在赶来的白痴。
tr	I	I spend hours describing the planet and she is very curious about Aurora .
tr	O	他记得那个为展示而塞满的、由女仆烹制的火鸡，以及他的父母从未留下观看他们拆开的圣诞礼物。
tr	I	Even the king of cynicism was blown away , and I looked at Stoneman .
tr	I	I was glad he had my hand , and the rain was pouring down in sheets .
tr	O	当时已是傍晚，并且太阳仍然照耀着。
tr	I	Carolyn hadn 't prepared it in years and the recipe had been her mother 's .
tr	O	他从未放弃，而且他在圈子里的诚实是极其准确的。
tr	I	This was different , but I 'd seen dead people , of course .
tr	I	He held a blue folder in his hands and his briefcase lay at his feet .
tr	I	I plan to tell you everything , and this will be a long conversation .
tr	I	Now that she was in her bed , he would have to tell her , and she didn 't , though .
tr	I	She managed , barely , to restrain herself , but she deeply appreciated the offer .
tr	O	牵着我的手，并且我向你保证足够的平静，直到这些事情可以被处理。
tr	O	他脸上浮现出醒悟，并且他笑了。
tr	I	To take in a deep breath of the fresh smelling air , but Sandra couldn 't help herself .
tr	I	She didn 't speak until they were outside , but Danni smiled at him .
tr	I	He had never sold it , but eventually it had stopped working .
tr	O	当然，我也吓得僵硬了，但是我努力不去想那一部分。
tr	I	I jolted off him , stumbling a little over the debris on the ground and Embarrassment flooded my cheeks .
tr	O	“飞毛腿罗伯特”从车行开走了一辆崭新的红色吉普车，并且我又一次傻傻地跳了进去。
tr	I	Her closeness was overwhelming , and her musky perfume filled my head .
tr	O	她是狼，并且我是走投无路的兔子。
tr	I	The pain wasn 't too unbearable and the cut wasn 't that bad .
tr	I	That was all right , but the crowd seemed a bit less enthusiastic at the prospect of a gloriously repetitive eternity .
tr	O	幽灵的嘴唇向后咧开，露出了牙齿，但是他没有发出任何声音。
tr	I	She shook her head and she could hear the concern in his voice .
tr	I	Me has brushed my hair but it 's been a really long time since anyone .
tr	I	He wasn 't losing her again and he 'd just gotten her back .
tr	O	我们把游客请出去，我们翻转了“已关闭”的牌子并且我们跳进了高尔夫球车，飞快地驶向房子。
tr	O	她转向北方，并且它们增加了。
tr	I	He promised to do it anyway , but he didn 't understand why I was asking .
tr	I	His lower lip , still stained with a man 's blood , wobbled , and his voice trembled .
tr	O	我希望我能做些什么来保护他们，但是我不知道那会是什么。
tr	I	She was trying to distract Larissa from anymore comments about her beloved aunt and she knew I was having a hard time .
tr	O	她等待着某种信念，但是她听不到回应。
tr	I	Then ultimately end up feeling bad for it , and I say rather rudely .
tr	O	他们都沉默地坐了一会儿，并且杰西能听到走廊里有人说话。
tr	O	几分钟过去了，并且闪电的光束减弱了。
tr	O	我双手叉腰，并且我把脸靠在他的脸上。
tr	O	他似乎没有被刺伤，并且我没有听到任何枪声响起。
tr	I	I 'd been cooking for nearly thirty years , but no , I can 't taste it anymore .
tr	O	解脱的笑容爬上三位同伴的脸上，并且空气中任何残留的紧张感都几乎可以听到地释放了。
tr	I	That didn 't work either , and after a year they tried IVF .
tr	O	有人清了清嗓子，并且丽莎把注意力从装饰转移到那些女人身上。
tr	I	An image popped onto the screen , and his fingers danced across the tablet .
tr	O	她把它列出来，并且他拨了号。
tr	O	他大概一天没刮胡子了，并且他的脸上长满了黑色的胡茬。
tr	O	她设法搬走了那些石头，但是那些根留了下来。
tr	O	我们会举办晚宴，并且他会因为我准备甜点的方式而对我大喊大叫。
tr	O	她正在经历一些奇怪的事情，并且如果她不是施受虐狂，那么她就有大麻烦了。
tr	I	He gave his sister another noncommittal answer , and Steve 's frown deepened .
tr	I	I wanted them glued to the door , but it was nice of them .
tr	O	摩西扬了扬眉毛，但是她没有坚持。
tr	O	她听到了水槽里水流的声音，然而她没听到任何人进入她的家。
tr	O	这孩子心地很好，但是她就是太年轻了。
tr	I	Darcy didn 't even bother asking what was on the menu for the morning and they chatted amiably as they worked .
tr	O	她将手指拂过我的印记，并且一股热浪席卷了我。
tr	I	I spotted the Harley a little farther down the road , and he was holding a motorcycle helmet under his arm .
tr	I	I kiss her on the cheek and she makes a surprised little noise .
tr	O	他一点都不害怕麻风病人，但是他认为避开他们也是明智的。
tr	I	He giggled like a child and they landed on his head .
tr	O	我知道这是他宣示主权的方式，并且在任何其他夜晚我都会将其推开。
tr	I	It makes me fidget and he 's staring at me uncomfortably .
tr	I	He puts it back , but Sean 's smirk falters .
tr	I	Like a match , with repeated striking she managed to get a tiny white flame , but it was almost depleted .
tr	O	亚当突然深刻地意识到诺亚是个死物而他不是。
tr	I	Coins shot up , taking the men almost as quickly as they made the attempt , but soldiers moved to pull them off .
tr	I	We die together and we live in this new world together .
tr	O	我的头晕目眩，并且我的胃翻腾。
tr	O	他轻盈的动作让她感到不安，并且她把手放到了身侧，呼吸急促不稳。
tr	I	Tomorrow morning we head back to meet with the witch , and I am tired , for it is near midnight .
tr	O	树木是绿色的，但是少数几棵仍在开花。
tr	O	一旦独自在那房间里，我得到了我的机会，并且我没有让它溜走。
tr	I	I 'll send you half of our men , and when you find it , let me know .
tr	I	She looks kind of sad , and she 's not laughing anymore .
tr	O	约翰笑了，并且他的护卫们咧嘴笑了。
tr	O	影子特工不会让无辜者死去，并且他绝不会让那个杀手从里约逃走。
tr	O	笑容从他脸上消失了，并且他把目光移开了。
tr	O	通常他并不介意无论如何都要弄清他想知道的事情，但是对她来说就不同了。
tr	O	冰雹敲打着窗户，并且雷声再次震裂了天空。
tr	I	I can 't touch my cheeks to be sure , but it feels like I 'm crying .
tr	I	Jason thought he was probably sad , too , but he was obviously angry about it .
tr	O	我也在心里笑了，并且他拉了拉我的袖子。
tr	I	Jason knew something had set him off and one look at his uncle .
tr	I	I 've got some doubts about that , but I could probably call that pure luck .
tr	I	Things smelled very fishy to me , but it might have been a coincidence .
tr	I	This in itself was maddening , and she was proving to be quite patient .
tr	I	I repeat what I said and she releases her hold .
tr	I	They just ignore you , and you do your best for people .
tr	I	I don 't think I can mix the two , and Maryanne knows the other me , not this one .
tr	O	我眨了眨眼，并且眼泪涌了出来。
tr	I	I 'm not really ashamed of how I lived , and I 'm not making any excuses .
tr	O	她的脸颊微微泛红，并且这是我见过最可爱的一幕。
tr	O	看起来是随机的，就好像有些人会留下，有些人会离开一样。
tr	I	He didn 't even have a safety rope , and it was too high , too dangerous .
tr	I	I had cause to do so and I told you I was suspecting a conspiracy .
tr	I	James climbed in , and Lucas opened the car .
tr	I	I never wanted him to stop and it felt amazing .
tr	I	They were still human enough , but physically , they weren 't an ideal representation of humanity .
tr	I	I installed a new one and the other one quit on me a couple of years ago .
tr	I	He didn 't look frightened anymore , but his eyes were still wide .
tr	O	一个室内乐团开始从他的投射器中演奏，并且他等待着，无能为力地做任何其他事情。
tr	O	给我系鞋带花了将近二十分钟，并且那是在没有紧身胸衣的情况下。
tr	I	He had just carried them out in front of her , but his actions had been bad enough .
tr	O	我们脱了他的衣服，并且我做了同样的事情。
tr	O	当然，机会很渺茫，但是它们确实存在。
tr	I	There were no apprehensive intuitions , but perhaps the sight was too miraculous to be questioned .
tr	I	She couldn 't discern any place on the door the disk fit , but the disk , Iona saw , had a Celtic knot design on it .
tr	O	你是我的女儿，并且你听命于我。
tr	I	You 'll end up losing most of it and try to take in too much .
tr	I	She had come to Portland when she was 12 but she was originally from Guatemala .
tr	I	Flung them across the snow and she released his arm as she lifted her hands .
tr	O	偷偷看一眼就能知道那是谁的照片，并且她的好奇心就会得到满足。
tr	I	Demons didn 't but Josh 's thoughts fluttered off , as it often did , to wondering why angels looked similar .
tr	O	尽管她自己不情愿，他仍能听到她声音中的兴趣，并且他笑了。
tr	I	They still lived in the house , but they hadn 't been paid since before the plague .
tr	I	It looked like all the others and it was on my left .
tr	I	I couldn 't give that to him , and he deserved the happiness he gave me .
tr	I	Burnett would know it was her and she knew it would sound the alarm .
tr	O	守卫跌倒在其他人身上，并且他们都失去了准头，在盖亚消失在装饰性植物造型中之前。
tr	I	She glanced excitedly at his father , and his mother 's eyes grew huge .
tr	O	我试图告诉戴夫关于格洛丽亚的事，但是他不太愿意交谈。
tr	I	Amanda stopped him , but he started to leave .
tr	I	I am very excited and when you are around my heart keeps pounding so fast .
tr	O	她与老板密切合作，并且他们已经想出了一个绝妙的计划。
tr	I	When she compressed herself to do so , her small size was only too painfully evident and she seated herself between the electrodes .
tr	I	They weren 't tied by blood , but they were tied by the bonds of military brotherhood .
tr	I	She had been through so much lately and his arms were strong .
tr	O	房门打开了，并且多姆走了出来，他的一些船员像一群蚂蚁一样在他身后四散开来。
tr	I	They had already come a long way , and it was not many hours before dark .
tr	O	他放手了，并且我转过身。
tr	O	一个是女王，并且另一个是——“别说出来，”我盯着我母亲说。
tr	I	Jared had just begun to look it over , but I couldn 't argue .
tr	I	The earth as all knew it would be a whole new place entirely and he would be free .
tr	O	我很抱歉，但是一切都结束了。
tr	O	我认为有很多步骤要走，但是奥斯本实际上承认了。
tr	O	你只需记住把你的挚爱放在第一位，并且把自己的欲望放在第二位。
tr	I	I saw a huge wolf lunge at Kayla and we were here .
tr	O	有些歌手唱得很好，而且另一些则被轰下台了。
tr	O	我试图召回我先前的勇气，但是它暂时抛弃了我。
tr	I	He could rid himself of the suffering for a moment at the least and surely it wasn 't worth the self-denial .
tr	I	I 'm not getting reception on any channel , but the tests show the radio is working fine .
tr	I	Those bushy eyebrows crashed down and the man 's head snapped up .
tr	I	She needed to figure out what the vision meant without an audience , but at least she thought she was .
tr	I	I had to take a deep breath and panic laced with disbelief tightened my chest .
tr	I	I didn 't , but maybe I should have said that I loved her .
tr	O	我不知道几点了，而且冰箱发出的光让我眨了眨眼。
tr	I	I casually interrupt him , but he starts to open his mouth .
tr	I	The evidence looks very suspicious , but we can 't even be sure that is what happened to you .
tr	O	嗯，我想这很公平了，但是总觉得哪里不对劲。
tr	I	My eyes went wide , and I took my gaze away from his face long enough to glance down at the grass beneath me .
tr	I	They were just waiting for the right moment to strike , and they had known about the Movement for a while now .
tr	O	我已经想象我的葬礼好几个月了，但是当它真的到来时，我却不那么确定了。
tr	O	我不得不离开雅典的学校，而且我的父母不得不躲藏起来。
tr	O	他扫描了汽车两侧的海岸线，但是什么也看不见。
tr	O	托瑞正努力行走，但是她的一条腿却拖在身后，毫无用处。
tr	O	萨姆向后靠在椅子里，试图接受那个事实，并且随即锐利地看了他一眼，因为一个问题突然涌上心头。
tr	I	I could feel my inside bruising and he rattled me around like a bag of apples .
tr	O	她反正大部分时间都会睡着，而且凯西也会和你一起去上班，对吗？
tr	O	他前一天本可以提到一个上午的会议，但是他没有。
tr	I	At least it wasn 't on my back , but I certainly had a lot of exposed skin .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be boring old Crouch End you 'd finish up in , either , and you could go far , too .
tr	I	She adored the holiday , the cheer , the parties and snowflakes told her Christmas was around the corner .
tr	I	That was odd , and not since I 'd come out of the Elixir high .
tr	I	He was shielding it with his hand and soon Reuben 's small candle was lighted .
tr	O	空气清新，并且新落的雪花像老朋友的拥抱一样在我身边盘旋，欢迎我回家。
tr	O	然后一次推搡变成了猛撞，并且一个拳头打在了鼻子上。
tr	O	他的眼神变得强烈，并且他的拥抱收紧了她的身体。
tr	O	我选的肉桂蜡烛是我最喜欢的之一，并且我点燃它，同时等待浴缸放满水。
tr	O	我们脚下的地面消失了，并且我们再一次坠入了时间。
tr	I	She tightened her hold on his hand , and her mind went blank then , for a moment .
tr	I	You passed muster and Mr. Noble , it all fits .
tr	O	安娜凝视着这排，而且取代狭窄的货架，它摆满了像这样的雕像。
tr	O	他们看到了你最糟糕的恐惧、你的希望、你最大的错误，而且他们正准备利用所有这些来对付你。
tr	O	远不止于此，但是对于我们中那些能做到的人，我们会提供帮助。
tr	I	I had no idea if they were actually after me , and I had no idea who the killer was .
tr	I	She was grateful , but she should have been embarrassed that he could read her mind , read her every erotic thought .
tr	O	他的眼睛发出鲜红的光，他的獠牙完全伸出，但是她感到他的反应是源于她的伤口。
tr	I	It stayed with her for the rest of the week , and Angelina awoke the following morning full of energy .
tr	O	将铁器从伤口中拔出是更剧烈的疼痛，但是我现在简直不敢相信我几乎没有感觉到它。
tr	O	那个词是“不”，而且我以前从未在她身上成功使用过它。
tr	I	He was gone , and I only wanted one thing .
tr	I	I watched as the corner of his mouth turned up , silently acknowledging that he was pleased with my ardor and Jack caught my gaze .
tr	O	他响第一声就接了电话，并且我很高兴他总是随叫随到。
tr	O	我确实觉得她闯入医院储藏室很奇怪，并且我对这种行为抱有一定程度的怀疑。
tr	O	我的手机在另一个房间响了，但是我的头发上却沾满了洗发水泡沫。
tr	O	他将刀子摆出防御姿态，并且她转瞬即逝地想知道刀子对吸血鬼是否有效。
tr	O	她几乎没能说出他的名字，但是她必须告诉他。
tr	I	I shut you down , and one sign of any medical crisis .
tr	I	It pushed me back , and I used my demon magic to prod it .
tr	O	一张床摆在中央，并且他走到床尾低头看去。
tr	O	奇怪的是我预料到了疼痛，但是却一点都没有。
tr	O	查理是对的，但是这让我很恼火。
tr	I	There isn 't anything we can do about it , but it worries me .
tr	I	Gabe consults his map again , and we stop .
tr	O	克里斯又花了一会儿才想明白，但是反正这在这家伙身上已成常态。
tr	O	我知道我在法医办公室工作，但是这些地方总是有点令人毛骨悚然。
tr	I	Charlie spoke up , and she shook her head .
tr	I	Lawson walked into me and Monty 's arm tightened .
tr	I	He was pushing me away and only a few days ago my biggest problem was that Mom didn 't like Stryker .
tr	I	Nicolae acknowledged the enemy was a dangerous adversary , and it was a smart move .
tr	I	She 'd caught him off guard but okay , so that was corny .
tr	I	The general movements were all the same , but he may have looked sexier doing it .
tr	O	在我漫长的一生中我见过很多很多事情，但是我从未见过吸血鬼为他们的猎物哭泣。
tr	O	我们在那里没待多久，但是这已经足够了。
tr	I	The crowd took up positions to hear the customary speech and the general murmuring died down .
tr	I	There are no racquets -- just hands with gloves , but the game is played with the same rules as racquetball .
tr	I	He could do whatever he wanted , and nobody was there to interrupt them .
tr	I	We gathered round and Roach took the hot seat .
tr	I	Josie wore that bruise because of me , but I might not have directly caused it .
tr	O	汀布莱克的拒绝刺痛了他，并且他发现这很令人惊讶。
tr	O	它们砰地一声落地，并且半个食堂的人都看着我们。
tr	O	凯莉感到一股熟悉的寒意缓缓滑过她身边，并且她知道他们有伴了。
tr	O	她以前从未在饭点之间去过Home Cookin，并且她也从未踏足过餐厅后面那辆双宽拖车。
tr	O	马克抢在她前面，并且亚历克斯见到她后显得松了口气。
tr	I	My senses captivated the room and I trailed in behind her .
tr	O	他的眼睛变得模糊，并且他握住了我的手。
tr	I	One is flickering orange , but most are green .
tr	I	I couldn 't extinguish it all , as much as I tried , but the exhaustion from the run had helped ease most of the fire .
tr	I	Everything in his expression said he wasn 't happy , but his eyes weren 't glowing , so it wasn 't about danger .
tr	I	I hurried over to another , and my pulse raced .
tr	O	蜘蛛猛烈撞击了一辆小型跑车的侧面，足以让它在弹簧上摇晃，并且然后它就消失了。
tr	O	对班上所有人来说，他可能看起来只是失去了平衡，但是我心里清楚。
tr	O	格雷伸手摸向他的侧面，并且他的手指沾满了血。
tr	O	我几乎要激动得按捺不住，想把我的好消息告诉她，并且她没有接电话。
tr	O	我颤抖了一下，并且我能看到的只有守卫的手，示意我向前。
tr	O	仅仅看到他，我的心就加速跳动，并且我忍住了叫醒他进行第二轮的冲动。
tr	O	他们迅速调整了支架，并且他又躺了回去。
tr	I	I will let you come home to stay and help me finish this job .
tr	I	He jumped to his feet , scrambling toward the door and something brushed his leg .
tr	I	Tears continued to cascade down my face , and I closed my eyes .
tr	O	我们那时就知道它出事了，但是没有人知道那是什么。
tr	I	You can 't do that if you are straining yourself and you need to heal .
tr	I	I turn around and the door releases .
tr	O	两人都需要一分才能得分，并且两人都是冲锋的攻击者。
tr	I	He wondered if he was doing the right thing sticking with Brenda , and he still felt sick about his friends .
tr	O	她的名字叫萨曼莎，但是他们叫她萨米。
tr	O	我不知道怎么做到的，但是他做到了。
tr	I	He took even more than that , and he raped her .
tr	I	I opened my eyes slowly , and Lucky 's voice sounded worried .
tr	I	Most of the names on there were people in our organization and our Movement found out the particulars of the mission list .
tr	O	外面仍然很黑，但是炉火散发出足够的光芒。
tr	I	It 's not uncomfortable , but he pauses for moment .
tr	O	通常，她会觉得八点很晚，但是她前一晚睡不着。
tr	I	He pulled in a deep breath , and Paul 's jaw tightened in frustration .
tr	O	我们会吃我的厨房小厮带来的冰镇水果，并且我们会听夜莺唱歌，仿佛它们的心都要碎了。
tr	I	It was possible to see from their depth that the walls were at least a foot thick , and there was no glass in them .
tr	I	Sultry it rumbled in her chest and wow , his voice was so deep .
tr	I	Everyone wanted to celebrate , but there was only one thing that would make this night better .
tr	O	他穿过阴影，悄悄地跟在一个值班守卫后面几英尺远，并且他溜进了一条空无一人的小巷。
tr	I	Caine had cleared away their dishes and all too swiftly they were finished with the waffles .
tr	I	He watched the high legate with some amusement but Yale turned to face the Caesar .
tr	O	希望雨不会持续太久，并且他们可以尽快离开。
tr	I	A Hak ' i entered and a door on the other side of the arena opened .
tr	O	他没有在她嘴唇上看到任何食物，而且他会知道，因为他一直在盯着它们看。
tr	O	他对它点了点头，并且她终于为他露出了丰满、如奶油般的肌肤。
tr	O	他一直担心她不会原谅他，并且她反而正在恳求他的原谅。
tr	I	I heard the bolt of the lock snap into place , and they left the room , closing the door behind them .
tr	O	他们会拥有我的一些力量——并非全部——，并且他们将能够在白天生活。
tr	O	他们中一次只有一个人离开汽车旅馆，并且他们大部分时间都在里面吃饭。
tr	O	她的手伸向他的胸膛，并且她试图把他推开。
tr	I	He 's dropping off a package and I can 't think of anyone who would be here this early , unless it 's the postman .
tr	I	Then I was proved wrong , but I thought that we were .
tr	O	我能感觉到所有的血管收缩，并且我的血液在我脸上疯狂地涌动。
tr	O	他看起来如此得意洋洋，而且他如此令人恼火。
tr	O	埃里克紧紧抓住我的肩膀，而且那种压力令人难以忍受。
tr	I	I had the chance to be me , to become who I wanted , and my entire life before you fell away .
tr	I	Greg decided the boy was definitely still in there and a sudden dangerous fury was in his eyes .
tr	O	他总是深入我体内，但是在这个姿势下，更是如此。
tr	O	我们把车开进停车场，而且当我们走向学校时，迈克尔显得若有所思。
tr	I	I can 't get anything out of my dad and Ashton 's staying at my parents ' right now .
tr	I	She knew if she didn 't Roxy would worry , but Willow really didn 't want to call her sister .
tr	I	Then she brightens , and she seems to ponder this .
tr	O	那些婴儿表现得异常乖巧，而且他希望自己能有一个孩子。
tr	I	Instead he looked exalted , but she had expected him to be horrified .
tr	O	他们中没人显得信服，但是他们没有争辩。
tr	I	I pushed him , and my mouth twisted .
tr	I	They had no other choice , but of course , there was no guarantee that such a path would lead to freedom .
tr	I	Friend had not been paired with friend and husbands had not been paired with wives .
tr	I	He began to squeeze and very slowly his finger found the trigger .
tr	I	He shrugged but Amanda shot Brad a concerned look .
tr	O	她的姐姐在YouTube上发了一个视频，列举了她许多许多的缺点，然而她才是那个有工作的人。
tr	I	It wouldn 't take much more to set him off tonight , but very few people had a clue about Ryan 's hidden edges .
tr	I	He was asleep before he knew it and his body was still on ship time .
tr	O	他的头更深地埋进我的颈窝，而且他抽泣着，哭喊着求我不要离开。
tr	I	She dared a glance up into his eyes and his hand held her easily in place .
tr	I	Frank put the vehicle into reverse and the truck churned to life .
tr	I	His lips compressed and his pupils expanded .
tr	I	Trisha waved and I glanced back at the table .
tr	O	杂乱的隔间墙壁很低，但是她仍然只能看到办公桌前寥寥无几的人头。
tr	O	我们本可以轻易直接去舞厅，并且没有人会注意到我们突然出现。
tr	I	Olivia was terrified , but she wanted to .
tr	I	Then she realized that her mouth was closed , but at first she believed it was her own .
tr	I	He was still having trouble feeling close to her , but he loved Kelly .
tr	O	奈恩对于被排除在任务之外看起来不太高兴，但是他哼了一声表示同意。
tr	O	瑞雯最终会找到格温，并且她们就会回到现在的地方。
tr	I	It was just time to eat or in the past I have always eaten because there was nothing else to do .
tr	I	When he put his foot on it in experimentation , he sank to his ankle , and it looked like a spongy marsh .
tr	O	我们计划那天晚上睡在帐篷里，但是这没有发生。
tr	O	他从这个有利位置看不到阁楼里面，并且他的无数能力也不包括X射线视觉。
tr	I	Celaena 's nose crinkled as she turned the pages , and it reeked , almost like soil .
tr	I	She pressed her advantage , and Neil nodded in agreement .
tr	O	我明白我们为什么必须这样做，但是了解情况并不总是让事情变得更容易。
tr	O	通常萨姆会回避这个问题，但是她决定告诉他真相。
tr	O	我们把小乔投入使用，并且他持续了六天，九小时，一秒。
tr	O	另一桌的喧闹客人把一个水杯碰到了地上，并且菲拉因为这突如其来的声音差点从椅子上跳起来。
tr	I	I regretted bringing it up , and Tension gripped his big frame .
tr	I	He instantly backed down and his wife glared his way .
tr	O	她背对着我，并且她穿着一件新的蓝色泳衣而不是那件黑色的。
tr	O	他知道那只是一群小毛孩在惹恼他，但是我们不知道他知道。
tr	I	In the confusion , the rest of them were in a panic , and then the then leader was killed in a failed robbery attempt .
tr	O	他的皮肤苍白，眼睛周围有斑点，并且他浑身散发着尿味。
tr	I	She trotted toward him , and Jason waved at Rachel .
tr	O	它现在是干净的，但是他的视力仍然没有恢复。
tr	O	直到六个月前她还和她的高中恋人汤姆·格兰杰订婚，但是他在圣诞节解除了婚约。
tr	O	紧张的能量从她身上散发出来，并且他等待着他与卡莉相关的那个手势。
tr	O	这是一个地下俱乐部，并且我是说它真的很地下。
tr	I	Instead it was the voice of a worried woman , but it wasn 't the voices coming from the door .
tr	O	我们已经审讯这名特工四十八小时了，而且我不认为他知道任何事情。
tr	O	这段回忆正在困扰他，并且他很难不表现出来。
tr	O	苏茜从小就反叛，并且他们事事冲突。
tr	I	He 's in emergency surgery at the UCLA Medical Center , but I don 't know what they found .
tr	O	基尔推开了门，并且门轻易地开了。
tr	I	You , I 'll never get tired of you , but usually I get tired of a girl after a few days .
tr	O	他伸出手，并且我接住了，点点头。
tr	I	He couldn 't be sure , but he thought someone was going through his pockets .
tr	O	他不会打破那个规则，但是他考虑过解雇她。
tr	O	他很严厉，但是努力变得温柔。
tr	I	Charlie will be free to join her for dinner , and after that it will curl up for a nap .
tr	I	I winced as the light hit me , and my head hurt , likely from lying down for twelve hours .
tr	I	It was next to the Detention Centre , but the Grosvenor was just an Enforce station .
tr	O	执事的战车失灵了，并且他的灵魂飞走了，同时他的身体在赛道上流血致死。
tr	O	她曾与不少人擦肩而过，但是他却掌握着她生活的细节，这些细节只有少数人可能知道。
tr	I	It did , but I really didn 't think that would work twice .
tr	O	我知道德里克的父母很有钱，但是我没有料到会这样。
tr	O	她被光芒环绕着，并且她温暖地笑了。
tr	O	玛德琳从他手臂下钻过，打算冲向舱口，但是她在看到拥挤的船舱时猛地停住了。
tr	I	It looked like some of the kids were pelting another kid with snowballs , but I couldn 't see very well in the dusk .
tr	I	They ducked inside and he pointed to their right .
tr	I	It hadn 't been quite enough , but the deer blood had taken the edge off his hunger .
tr	O	我们达成了一项协议，并且我加入了。
tr	I	It flew away and Miss Peregrine nudged the bird with her beak .
tr	O	这是一个有效的理论，并且她坚持着它。
tr	O	他灼热的目光盯着我，并且他看起来一点也不为撞到我而感到抱歉。
tr	I	No one was there , and it was the middle of the night .
tr	O	有时它们被遗弃了，并且有食物。
tr	O	他深呼吸了几次，才意识到震动已经停止了，并且他仍然安全地待在机库里。
tr	I	She politely declined leaving the room when I headed out to get food , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	然后她想到他们可能会用可怕的方式把她囚禁起来，并且她的勇气也消失了。
tr	I	It became more efficient to convert to electricity but an additional tidbit here , our city was once powered by diesel fuel years ago .
tr	I	I tried to calm down , lest my breathing give us away , and my heart was pounding .
tr	I	David answered me anyway , but it wasn 't a question .
tr	I	Our breathing grew stilted and when he slid a hand between my legs , the laughter disappeared .
tr	O	黑暗的感觉消失了，并且她又变成了安娜贝尔·李。
tr	I	He was going to be spinning for a while or she had to tell him something .
tr	I	No one complains , but he 's certain the others feel the same weakness .
tr	I	She refused to look to read the words , but the blood continued to spatter on her feet .
tr	I	Ken kept his suggestions simple and Bradford was an eager listener .
tr	O	他被锁在里面过夜了，并且扎克正在和他一起看电影。
tr	O	因为你要么去见你刚刚诅咒过的上帝，或者这场战争就要结束了。
tr	O	他看着父亲努力将爪子从洞穴地面拔出，但是他做不到，除非撕裂伤口。
tr	I	None of this is funny , but he 's making jokes .
tr	I	I was determined to track down our prey , and we 'd been unsuccessful for nearly a week .
tr	O	门开了，并且另一个推销员走了进来。
tr	O	两人之间曾有过激烈的公开争吵，但是所有对海伦不利的证据都是间接的。
tr	O	人工冷却的空气让我的皮肤感到刺痛，并且机器的轻微嗡嗡声在我周围低语。
tr	O	菲奇收藏了相当多的医疗记录，但是到目前为止，没有什么能改变判决。
tr	I	The weight on top of him was too much , but Nick pushed at the ground .
tr	I	Blood was seeping out of them , and there were three large rips in his back .
tr	I	It was thrilling to have it confirmed , and Norah had told her repeatedly what excellent progress their father was making .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and I wasn 't sure where we were going .
tr	I	It did , but it was stupid .
tr	O	我的目光转向埃斯特，察觉到自己的错误，但是他只是笑了笑。
tr	O	她开始服用它们治疗头痛，并且她一直服用它们。
tr	O	他非常生气，并且他正在惩罚我。
tr	O	她有麦基作为来世的伴侣，并且这对她来说已经足够了。
tr	O	我本以为那条铜龙会欣喜若狂地接受这个消息，但是当我告诉他时，他的脸色沉了下来。
tr	I	When I snapped my head up , no one was there and Sophie was glancing at the corner .
tr	I	Sidra felt odd , wondering what kind of spy novel she 'd fallen into and he said something into his watch .
tr	O	他示意我们跟着他，并且我们甚至没有走那么远。
tr	O	死亡驱动被惊呆了，并且他不是唯一一个。
tr	I	I managed to cradle it to my chest , but I was so surprised that I almost dropped the book .
tr	I	I sink onto my bed with a sigh of frustration , and the lights in my room come on as I enter .
tr	O	她立刻向前猛冲，并且只有她体内钩住的腿才阻止了她去做她所害怕的事情。
tr	O	我感到眼泪涌了上来，并且我的思绪一片混乱。
tr	I	She didn 't say anything , but Daphne frowned again .
tr	I	Their clothes were far from appropriate for this weather and it was well into the fall months .
tr	I	His emotions have significant consequences , and he 's a TK 8 , a powerful telekinetic .
tr	I	The cool breeze blew across his face and the twilight was calm .
tr	O	他的目光几乎立刻回到了他旁边的灯上，但是我看到了。
tr	I	She saw now how painful that would have been , and for years she 'd prepared to be all alone when she got out of prison .
tr	I	I will not change it , and it has already been decided .
tr	I	The fight was on and without any announcement several more ducks swooped in from whereabouts unknown .
tr	I	She always would be , and Ainsley was worth far more than a damned horse .
tr	O	我们本可以安排一艘更先进的飞行器，但是他们喜欢自己动手做事情。
tr	O	她皱起了眉头，毫无疑问，她对阿德里安的感受以及她所知道的真相感到矛盾。
tr	I	I 've trusted you , but I may have only known you for a few weeks .
tr	I	Frankly , it seemed the best choice to let him lead her , and her head was fuzzy .
tr	I	I started to scream and Jack started to walk .
tr	I	It opened instantly and the African American touched the door panel to his car .
tr	O	我一生都认识那个女人，而且我仍然称呼她拉特利奇夫人。
tr	O	她的表情很平静，然而她的眼睛里却带着兴趣。
tr	O	我知道在公众视线中有时会令人难以忍受，但是希望为了能在一起，这些都是值得忍受的。
tr	O	他穿着衣服看起来非常正常，并且他的出现没有引起任何骚动。
tr	I	He was a good federal agent and he 'd been a good Marine .
tr	I	He woke and she put a hand on Stefan 's shoulder .
tr	O	多年来，他合作过的许多海军陆战队员就是没有那种能力，并且他们无法被训练。
tr	O	杰克没浪费时间就回去接她了，并且她对此心存感激。
tr	I	I followed , sliding down the dirt and Callum jumped in .
tr	O	有时候我非常不喜欢我为之工作的人，并且这会是这样的一个时刻。
tr	I	We must change if we are to survive within it , and the truth is that the changing world has made its mark upon us at last .
tr	O	还有一个人没有翻过那根圆木，并且那个人是安格斯。
tr	I	Some ze blue waters , and some loved ze blue mountains .
tr	O	劳伦从昨晚起就没去过卧室，并且她现在也不乐意进去。
tr	O	他在度假，但是他被伏击了吗？
tr	I	Grayson didn 't need to know that , but she had no intention of letting any man benefit from the softness of her skin tonight .
tr	I	All had been smashed beyond repair in a matter of minutes as the demon overtook him and none of it had worked .
tr	I	I 'm almost high on it and Power streams through me .
tr	O	我结过一次婚，并且我现在离婚了。
tr	O	他又靠近了一点，而且他对她的渴望毫无节制。
tr	I	For one beautiful moment I thought I was dying , and the world darkened around the edges .
tr	I	His nostrils flared and his pupils dilated .
tr	I	The chill did not reach her core but she was cold .
tr	O	他急促的呼吸平缓了一些，但是他没有睁开眼睛。
tr	O	水至少和我一样深，而且我坚持不了多久了。
tr	O	一辆迎面而来的车的灯光照亮了我们，并且我看到他脸色煞白。
tr	O	瑞克一直是她的偶像，而且在几分钟内他从神坛跌落了。
tr	I	Given what we planned to do that evening , it must relate to having fun , and I suspected it had to do with sparking .
tr	O	他的嘴唇缓慢地轻抚着我的，并且我的身体沉入了他。
tr	I	She 'd blown every one , starting with the day his dad announced they were getting married , but he 'd given her plenty of chances .
tr	O	另一次猛推，然后又一次，并且它们都失控地旋转起来。
tr	I	There was nothing I could do to control where they went , but at first I had trouble making sense of them .
tr	O	一丝钦佩的光芒短暂地照亮了他深邃的眼睛，并且埃丽卡因此感到温暖。
tr	I	I did eventually choose a few good models , but there was a surprising selection of embroidery mesh .
tr	I	She was beaten , and she looked around the room , saw everyone 's expectation .
tr	O	传来一阵噼啪声，并且他痛苦地嚎叫起来。
tr	O	她又把湿敷布放在我的手臂上，并且尽管它疼得要命，疼痛没有扩散。
tr	I	She got the job done , but as she rolled the condom on , her fingers shook .
tr	I	I lost myself to his grasping , groping fingers , and his every movement was wrought with passion .
tr	I	Her delivery was somewhat marred by the huge yawn that split her face , but her words were tart .
tr	O	亚当把门砰地关上，并且然后当门闩没有卡住时，他又砰地关了一次。
tr	I	I couldn 't do it , but I thought about bringing the shovel down on his head , smashing it into pulp .
tr	I	The bride came down the aisle on the arm of Thomas and the music struck up .
tr	O	失去她的祖母仍然会让她感到心痛，但是它不会使她受到如此程度的打击。
tr	I	They had to ensure that the sight remained under surveillance , but a big enough risk had been taken installing the camera .
tr	I	At least I had expected it , or I felt like I deserved that anyway .
tr	O	多年来我一直无法见到他，但是我相信你见过他。
tr	I	Something about his attitude had , but his expression hadn 't changed .
tr	I	He didn 't do that , but she tensed , waiting for the pants to be pushed down .
tr	O	他对它们感到恐惧，但是他总是忘记正确地拉上他的露营包。
tr	I	Vampires in that readiness are very , very scary , and they were both ready to fight in an instant .
tr	O	有一瞬间，我以为我看到她脸红了，但是，我打消了这个念头。
tr	I	Resnick gritted his teeth against the sting , and the knife bit farther into his neck .
tr	O	艾斯利的婚姻也不是她自己选择的，但是，至少约翰·道格拉斯是个热情的人。
tr	I	None of them ever did ask me out , but Boys have always said that I was pretty .
tr	O	他想要她，然而，他却给了她是否要等待发生性关系的选择。
tr	O	他们甚至还没有讨论约会日期，但是，仅仅是最初的宣布就受到了欢迎。
tr	O	我不确定它是否足够长，但是，我筋疲力尽了。
tr	I	It probably just meant that a superior officer has tasked the men with getting the girl by any means possible , but they were a rough group .
tr	O	据大家所说，他是一位严厉的老板，对员工要求甚高，但是，他也是个公正的人。
tr	I	With what seemed like little effort , the plank was resting in his capable hands , and his strong hands gripped the plank tightly .
tr	O	我今晚很想去你窗前看你，但是，我知道你会告诉我那是个坏主意。
tr	I	My eyes meet his and my head snaps up .
tr	I	It was slightly larger , but the President held up an electronic device that looked like an Apple Iphone .
tr	O	我已经忘记它到底是什么了，但是，我有一些模糊的、如胎儿般的记忆，记得它是什么样子。
tr	O	斯凯勒·沃特金斯是一名新兵，但是瑞秋对她不熟悉。
tr	I	For the first time , I saw the mascot , and he nodded .
tr	I	It was to her that I brought the promise of death , but it seemed hers was the only life I 'd ever valued .
tr	I	I 've got good contacts and you 've got good people .
tr	O	风扇关了，但是我又有了别的想法。
tr	O	我凝视着钱斯，并且他的目光也在我身上。
tr	I	I hold my breath and his face goes serious .
tr	O	是的，他让她这么做了，但是他为此付出了高昂的代价。
tr	I	I took a slow breath , and that I could deal with .
tr	I	Her make-up is heavy and her hair is up .
tr	I	Her mind kept picking up on just one word , but she listened closely .
tr	I	She was starting to feel tremendous pressure from Lea , but Valeria didn 't notice .
tr	O	他跑完了，并且她解开了推车，迅速亲吻了一下他的头。
tr	I	The flow was diminishing , and the summer had been drier than usual .
tr	O	他的生命结束了，但是他别无选择。
tr	I	Really , I can 't help it , but I know I shouldn 't be sarcastic .
tr	O	她阻止了他的闯入，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	She kept the secret and she knew I was Breed .
tr	O	她继续呻吟着，并且她的双腿在他的身下颤抖着。
tr	I	He had little faith in Brendan 's promises , and he 'd been raised by Council law as well .
tr	I	Pleasure shot through every nerve as his palm covered her breast , and then his hand moved around front .
tr	I	The feeling of evil nearly overwhelmed her , and as she sat down , her stomach lurched again .
tr	O	光线从远处的门透出，但是不见人影。
tr	O	他会尽可能长时间地和她一起等待，并且然后他将不得不躲避阳光。
tr	O	那是某种心灵武器，但是似乎极有可能只有温特斯家族的人才能使用这件神器的全部力量。
tr	I	I couldn 't put her in any risk by telling her my secret , but she was my best friend .
tr	I	You can still accomplish much good , and work with me .
tr	O	又一次爆炸让地面在他脚下颤抖，但是诺亚没有停下来。
tr	I	A serene smile touched her lips , and she had dark blond hair .
tr	I	She felt powerless , completely at his mercy and his eyes captured hers , held her captive .
tr	I	I saw his clear , blue eyes more closely than I ever dreamed I would and he handed my lunch to me .
tr	I	His face was worn and his eyes were red .
tr	O	我这几个月一直来这里，但是每当我快要选定一个男人时，我就会退缩。
tr	O	杰森的嘴巴又张开了，并且我不得不捂住自己的嘴以免笑出声来。
tr	I	They 'll give you a leave of absence if you petition them , but the Council acts like it 'll never let anybody out of Hecate .
tr	O	有人坐在她的胸口上，并且她觉得呼吸困难。
tr	O	贾殷并不完全领会那一点，但是她决定不把它当回事。
tr	I	It means so much , but it doesn 't last long , the hug .
tr	O	她曾希望能和这位英俊的军官单独多待几分钟宝贵时间，但是安东妮塔几乎在海伦娜召唤她后就立刻到了。
tr	I	He stopped and he didn 't get far before a soldier pointed a machine gun at his stomach .
tr	I	He was pulling me into the casket with him as he had in my earlier dream and suddenly I was at Jim 's funeral again .
tr	O	旱灾使食物变得稀缺，并且由于它没有减弱的迹象，每一口食物都弥足珍贵。
tr	I	She couldn 't deal with that right now , but she knew she had discovered something major here .
tr	I	Diego thought they were pretty smart , and animals tended to cuddle together for reassurance .
tr	O	几分钟后，他们向东出发，离开了怪物逃跑的方向。
tr	O	他向她滚去，并且我们尖叫得更响了。
tr	O	他的声音提高了，并且他看起来很可疑。
tr	O	气氛死寂，并且前门敞开。
tr	O	她为德里克哭了，并且她为丹尼尔哭了。
tr	O	他没想到会再见到她，但是她回来了。
tr	O	他和约瑟夫一样不喜欢这个，但是他不能屈服。
tr	I	They knew nothing out of it and their life was within that circle .
tr	O	林迪不知道出了什么问题，但是仅仅十五分钟，她的世界就被严重动摇了。
tr	I	It couldn 't be helped , but she hated flying in airplanes .
tr	O	我真切地感受到了他们的力量，并且这让我想起了我父亲的故事。
tr	I	I declined and I 'd gotten another taste of her intensity when she invited me to a premiere .
tr	I	It had to be done , but it was dull .
tr	I	He was wearing shorts , but his back was bare .
tr	O	陪审团一致裁定他有罪，并且他一周后被处以绞刑。
tr	I	We don 't know what , but we expect Iran to do something soon .
tr	I	He wanted her always , and Eric wanted her now .
tr	I	She 'd brought death with her , and she 'd come here .
tr	O	烦躁使我胃里打结，并且我脱口说出了一些我真的不该说的话。
tr	O	安东尼伸手去摸我的头，但是我拍开了他的手。
tr	I	I smiled reluctantly , and his voice was full of humor .
tr	I	Oliver loved it , and Power was a seductive mistress .
tr	I	In the light from the orb , I could swear her teeth actually gleamed , and Alice smiled .
tr	O	他把臀部抵在她身上，并且她失去了所有意识。
tr	O	当我把我们安排在彼此对面时，我感到一丝微小的愧疚，但是我决心要练习。
tr	O	我的嘴巴感觉很干，并且我的心在胸腔里砰砰直跳。
tr	O	是那份困惑让我变成那样，而且她只是变得更加慌乱。
tr	O	我及时地瞥了一眼我的肩膀，正好看到阿比盖尔和她的朋友们意识到她们身处的危险。
tr	I	He let out a small laugh before he could cut it off , and for some reason the guy 's last sentence made something in Michael snap .
tr	I	Kino 's face peered through the gap and the door to the small bedroom I occupy opened .
tr	I	I think some of my pee actually got on her at one point , and each test my mother grabbed the stick from my hands .
tr	I	I liked to believe that we were crying over the same thing , but I didn 't know exactly what caused her tears .
tr	O	麦克斯把我拉近，并且我们在同时达到高潮时亲吻。
tr	O	他带着微笑，并且他的双手显得平静。
tr	I	He gave a tense grin and dark eyes turned to him .
tr	I	She recalled that he didn 't seem too happy , but she wouldn 't know until she talked with him .
tr	I	He gave Eric a nod , but Diego 's face was hard .
tr	O	她对杰森的怒火爆发了，并且她的手在愤怒中挥向他的脸。
tr	I	The counter was behind me , but a shiver shook me , making me step back .
tr	O	巴尔萨泽的车不是四驱车，但是他还是稳住了它。
tr	O	三明治不容易下咽，并且莎拉喝了一小口柠檬水，想把它从喉咙里冲下去。
tr	O	它把我的肺里的空气都震出来了，并且我甚至没有时间尖叫。
tr	O	利亚姆把手捂住嘴巴，但是克莱丽意识到他自己看不到。
tr	O	我听到远处传来一声尴尬的咳嗽，并且我设法忍住了笑容。
tr	O	有一阵微风，并且感觉明显凉爽——直到他们上车。
tr	I	Her jaw dropped and it was Julia 's turn to have Carter 's gaze on her face .
tr	O	她是他想要的一切，并且他一直是个瞎了眼的傻瓜，没有更早意识到这一点。
tr	I	You seem to have grown past that okay , but I know there was a little problem there .
tr	O	我的头脑一片混乱，并且我不明白发生了什么事。
tr	O	我看不到那些洞穴有多大，但是回声强烈地表明它们非常广阔。
tr	O	很抱歉我现在不能做决定，但是我最迟下周二会通知你。
tr	I	Beautiful historic churches set the backdrop for a small village within a city , and students wandered around the streets .
tr	O	我只是感到如此无力，所有设备都在这里，我们却一整天都无所事事，直到新的电源稳压器到来。
tr	O	他接着切成细条，他把这些细条铺开晾干，并且只有当这一切都完成后他才饱餐一顿。
tr	O	汗珠开始在他的额头上形成，并且他柔顺的棕发开始粘在他的额头上。
tr	I	He left her in the care of the medical staff while he ran the patrol , and she was heavily pregnant with their second child .
tr	O	我们下次再讨论社会，但是我想要真正详细阐述其中一些个体。
tr	O	迈克尔还没有从怀特家回来，并且拉尔夫和他的保姆在育儿室里。
tr	O	那当然是一种偏颇的看法，但是奇怪的是，我确实感觉没那么糟糕了。
tr	I	I know what we did and I know what I saw .
tr	O	月亮又呈现银色了，只是一个细细的月牙，但是现在月牙却在变大。
tr	I	The rest of the man is just a shadow but there is a glint of metal from the streetlight .
tr	I	I stumbled another step back , and Laurent 's weight shifted slightly .
tr	O	他决定雇佣一名私人侦探，但是这更好。
tr	I	Some died in jail like Elizabeth , and some were executed .
tr	O	四天准备，并且我仍然没有准备好面对她。
tr	I	I pulled away to pace the room , and he nodded .
tr	I	At least here it wouldn 't be drawn out , but they were yet grounded on the Seventh -- a death sentence to be sure .
tr	I	It unsettles me , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	I	He chuckled and his hand dropped .
tr	O	有时候我需要被拉回现实，并且我承认你做得是我迄今为止经历过的最有效的工作。
tr	O	我想听他们的谈话，但是我却不敢看。
tr	O	我沉重的鸡尾酒戒指狠狠地打在了比尔德先生的下巴上，并且他侧身踉跄时发出了压抑的呻吟。
tr	O	突然间布莱斯猛踩刹车，并且我们所有人都向前猛冲。
tr	O	她母亲说他给了她钱，但是她却不肯收。
tr	I	The others have reported the same thing to me and Jessica tells me it is the same with Leo .
tr	I	A random ray of setting sun was in my eyes blinding me , but I turned to face this man .
tr	O	你必须把它弄好，或者它可能会永远疼痛。
tr	O	他不该得到如此糟糕的下场，但是我也不确定他是否值得原谅。
tr	I	Her hands began to tremble , and she started feeling queasy inside .
tr	I	I catch a few people eyeballing us , fixated with me and Aiden hollers over the noise .
tr	O	他的光芒已经消失了，并且我一无所有了。
tr	O	她开始离开厨房，但是我不能让她走。
tr	I	You want the rest of the world to think you 're this good mother , yet you haven 't talked to her .
tr	O	他耸了耸肩，并且我们笑了。
tr	O	我抬起了右前腿，同时尾巴自动伸直，并且我开始嗅空气。
tr	I	I can see the mist forming in her eyes , but I begin walking toward her .
tr	O	下一个环是为巨石阵服务的人们而设，并且内圈是这个社区的礼拜领袖。
tr	O	费伊短促地笑了一声，但是没有人与她同笑。
tr	O	悲伤充满了我的心，并且我的膝盖颤抖着。
tr	O	歌曲结束了，并且亨特向后退去看着我。
tr	O	塞默只比我大六个月，但是他总是看起来比他的实际年龄大。
tr	I	The eyes were glowing red with hatred , and its fangs were dripping saliva .
tr	I	I ducked to the right , and Instinct took over .
tr	I	She wasn 't self-aware and she wasn 't smart .
tr	I	She wouldn 't give it to him , and the chief wanted the knife you made for Evening Star .
tr	O	又滴了几滴，而且我渴望地看着大墓地格栅上的洞。
tr	I	I really couldn 't place where I had heard it but I had run into that word somewhere before meeting Mark .
tr	I	They had just shared tea in the library and it was late afternoon .
tr	O	她屏住了呼吸，并且她的心跳漏了一拍。
tr	O	她摇晃了一下，并且他扶稳了她，他粗糙的双手抓着她的手臂。
tr	O	我不知道具体多久，但是我死了，我向你保证。
tr	O	我们告诉他确实如此，并且我的内心因兴奋而颤抖。
tr	O	我努力寻找答案，寻找某种方法来理解他告诉我的那些可怕的事情，但是我的头脑一片混乱。
tr	I	His fingers found grass and he pulled himself out .
tr	I	I don 't offer , and Warner hasn 't asked me to touch him again .
tr	O	我们挤过去了，而且我正在发抖。
tr	O	我倒了两杯酒，并且我们把它们喝光了，接着又喝了更多的啤酒。
tr	I	Basha saw their red eyes grow bright and the black wolves howled .
tr	I	We don 't want nobody else to have it , and we don 't want it .
tr	O	乔丹笑了，并且她笑了。
tr	O	我听到了威尔的声音，但是我无法把目光从琼身上移开。
tr	O	一对年轻夫妇刚刚失去了他们的第一个孩子，而且你只想着你在社区里的地位。
tr	O	我们对这个笑话有点咯咯地笑，并且梅森点头告别。
tr	I	The man 's grip was too strong , her weight too small compared with his , but she tried Pulling herself to the side .
tr	I	She reeled back , desperately trying to concentrate and an explosion of pain erupted in her vision .
tr	O	瓦莱里娅被推了回去，但是她拒绝倒下。
tr	I	Her hand felt unnaturally sensitized , as if she could feel every whorl in his fingerprints on her skin , and Warmth was creeping up her arm .
tr	I	I looked at him and my heart started beating hard against my ribs .
tr	O	多米尼克坚持住了，但是他们陷入了僵局。
tr	I	I covered my mouth to keep from laughing , and he stammered all over himself .
tr	O	一滴泪水停在我眼角，但是现在不是开始哭泣的时候。
tr	I	I think it 's hot , but it may turn off some .
tr	O	转移话题可能最容易，并且她确实感到很难过——在她妈妈受伤时还和男孩调情。
tr	O	德雷克慢慢点了点头，试图弄清事情的走向，并且他的犹豫告诉我，他不喜欢这个目的地。
tr	I	Josie would offer them reasonable doubt like a soft bed , and the jury would be exhausted .
tr	O	后来，理查德带安德烈亚去了他家，他们站在门廊上，望着天空。
tr	I	I wasn 't even aware of saying them and rage drove me to my next words .
tr	O	我第一次试图坚持立场，但是她却相当直白地告诉我少管闲事。
tr	I	I slouch down in my seat instead , but I 'd like to hit him again .
tr	O	我的背挺直了，并且我的心跳加速了。
tr	I	One of them seems to be missing , and when I sit on one of them , they create some sort of illusion .
tr	I	Both look as if they are about to explode with rage but both are staring straight ahead at nothing in particular .
tr	O	他们那时互相看了看，并且突然，他们俩都笑了。
tr	O	在她身边，丘比特后退了一步，索伦低声咒骂。
tr	I	Something was holding him back , but Jace looked like he wanted to reveal his secrets .
tr	O	她听到引擎轰鸣，并且突然灯光熄灭了。
tr	I	He took another step back , but she tried to move closer to regain what she missed .
tr	O	他的眼睛在月光下闪烁着，并且当风从他身边吹过时，我可以看到他衬衫下轮廓分明的身体。
tr	O	这没有她习惯的那么多，但是总比什么都没有好得多。
tr	O	经过数周的电子邮件交流后，我终于见到了大卫，并且我们确实看起来很合拍。
tr	O	我知道爆炸案后谨慎是关键，但是我却几乎被卫兵从我自己的茶桌旁绑架了。
tr	O	他的时间太宝贵了，不容浪费，并且他也没有做出糟糕的商业决定。
tr	I	Still the bus would not be slowed , but Chapter One Her foot pumped the brake pedal .
tr	O	我无法解释为什么我对一个似乎一心想把我吓跑的女孩产生了感情，但是斯科特的事情却很简单。
tr	I	At least I knew it , but I was a creep .
tr	O	提奥说，并且亨利摇了摇头。
tr	O	我走向马库斯，但是他却挥手示意我离开。
tr	I	The anxiety of my encounter with the policeman began to fade and the pain required my attention .
tr	I	I kept it for myself but I even had some offers on it .
tr	O	她因父母投向沙恩的冰冷目光而畏缩，但是他们知道现在不宜在此发作。
tr	O	CHAPTER 10 自从约西亚的世界扩展开来，并且自从他去过史学家那里后，他便渴望了解隐藏着什么。
tr	O	我十几岁的时候有几次，我试图给他介绍对象，但是他总是拒绝我。
tr	I	She squished some mashed potatoes out through her teeth and Keesha smiled up at Dock as he turned to her .
tr	O	他下达了命令，并且我们照办了。
tr	I	I had to do it that way , but I 'm sorry Pol .
tr	I	He smacked her backside and Susan 's eyes sparkled with mischief .
tr	O	她笑了，并且他把衬衫穿了回去。
tr	O	您的透支额度已超过上限，并且我们无法再允许取款。
tr	I	He was scowling , and she looked at Hastings .
tr	I	I value him as a friend , and I can see that he 's good looking .
tr	O	我能理解她的观点，但是对此我无能为力，所以我很高兴她认识了鲍勃。
tr	I	She nearly snipped off her fingertip , and her fingers faltered in their task .
tr	I	Micah closed his fist , and the guard 's face paled .
tr	O	直觉告诉我这不是一个有罪女人的反应，而且没有人能演得那么好。
tr	I	The shocked people around him had a ringside seat and the president of the United States was under fire .
tr	I	At the funeral , he crossed a line we can never come back from , but he always liked to nitpick me apart , which was fine .
tr	I	He would play complete innocence and I 'd give him a look .
tr	I	I didn 't even know you and you were the first boy to show up like that .
tr	O	我不知道她为什么在我的房间里，但是我我不打算把她赶走。
tr	I	Once there , she would need help , and there was only one place to go .
tr	O	他把我拉得尽可能近，尽管我们都穿着衣服，而且我的全身都因那个吻而燃烧起来。
tr	I	Demons can 't get to us , and the Guardians have thousands of bases .
tr	I	Her brown eyes smiled up at him and her dark blonde hair blew around in the breeze .
tr	O	托德的话可能 intended to be humorous，但是他的语气却透露出另一番意味。
tr	I	She wasn 't about to show it , but it made her sad to think about .
tr	I	She wasn 't breathing , but as I came too on the bank , the paramedics worked on her .
tr	I	This time I won 't be the one asking , but I 've offered Dominic money for it many times .
tr	I	My brows pulled in , and I shook my head .
tr	O	布罗迪回到我旁边的凳子上，并且我转向了他。
tr	I	Alone wasn 't an option , but alone , he could find his way .
tr	O	所以相机看不到雅各布·伍德萎缩变黑的肺部放大照片，但是陪审员们肯定看到了它们。
tr	I	He promised they 'd head someplace nice when school was out , but with finals looming , there was no time for a honeymoon .
tr	I	They both giggled and Jake replied .
tr	O	问了很多问题，但是希瑟几乎没有答案。
tr	O	这样无休止地拖延一个愚蠢的恶作剧似乎异常残忍，而且我默默希望她能就此打住。
tr	I	Well , it was like having one foot in the grave already , and the words were out of my mouth before I could stop them .
tr	O	讨论持续了四个小时，而且当它结束时，莱斯利·斯图尔特·钱伯斯成为了《华盛顿论坛报》企业的所有者。
tr	O	我感到内心撕裂，并且我的心不敢自我修复。
tr	O	理论上那两个向东的人可能是莱恩的人，但是他对此表示怀疑。
tr	O	他说他有预感你会在，并且他有口信给你。
tr	O	埃齐奥看到教皇闻言一僵，但是罗德里戈什么也没说，也没有打断。
tr	I	I like her self-consciousness even more than I like her professionalism and she is not the case worker now .
tr	O	另一道影子似乎在树林中闪过，但是当我转身去追时却什么也没看到。
tr	I	All thoughts of telling him the truth fled my mind and I closed my eyes as ecstasy filled me once again .
tr	I	She knew that her life had been easy compared to what Beth had endured , and yes , Beth had been overweight for most of her life .
tr	I	Mrs. Nevins was unimpressed , but tess refused .
tr	I	The Freaks never seemed to run out of bodies to throw at us , but I had seldom been so weary .
tr	I	His eyes kept flicking -- rather nervously -- to Grace , but he nodded a general greeting as he approached the stand .
tr	I	Maybe they were all having their family meals , and it was lunchtime , though .
tr	I	I counted them and they stopped in their tracks .
tr	I	You 'd have been too late and one minute too long .
tr	I	His gaze jerked away from the monitor and I saw him start .
tr	I	I move the hell out of here , and I pull the phone , grab my stuff .
tr	I	His instincts warned him not to proceed , but Tavi could see nothing ahead of him .
tr	I	Adopting her never seemed to sit right with him and he was always angry that I couldn 't conceive .
tr	O	我轻轻地倒吸了一口气，但是我照做了。
tr	I	The pile tumbles to the floor , but I make a grab for them .
tr	O	我们谁也不知道为什么，但是我明白这困扰着弗罗斯特。
tr	O	它掉落在地上，并且他飞到我身边。
tr	I	He looked away before I could , but I almost smiled at him .
tr	O	我问他关于他父亲的事，但是他不想参与那段对话。
tr	I	Billy could freeze to death in that time and both would take hours to organize a search .
tr	I	I take his hand and Andrew rubs his back .
tr	I	Patrick was nowhere to be seen , but Dani was on the floor beside her brother .
tr	I	Her voice was shrewd , but Ash asked , sounding bored .
tr	I	She struggled to resist it , but the urge to give in was overwhelming .
tr	I	You were gone after our night together and I was devastated when I got up .
tr	I	He no longer struggled , but two men held him down .
tr	O	他不确定她期望他做什么，但是那确实让他全程都保持高度警觉。
tr	I	The halls erupted in chanting and they all spotted him in Mrs. Shapiro 's clutches .
tr	O	他知道她看到了什么，并且他知道那很凄凉。
tr	O	两把椅子立在中间，并且一个木制橱柜沿着墙角弯曲。
tr	I	A few were laid out across tables while others tended to them , and most were sitting down .
tr	I	She was taking me to task for what she thought I 'd done and she has a huge heart .
tr	O	他渐渐放松下来，并且我察觉到他思想中反映出的缓慢变化。
tr	I	My mother was a piano teacher , and my father was a musical conductor .
tr	I	Super lightly cratered to the North , but it 's at the edge of a heavily cratered area to the South .
tr	O	麦肯齐在我们身后关上门，并且我走进浴室。
tr	I	This wasn 't good and it certainly appeared to be the case .
tr	I	His wasn 't the baritone she wanted to hear , but she hoped he didn 't hear the disappointment in her voice .
tr	I	He stared into my gaze with a no nonsense look and our eyes met .
tr	O	它靠近了一条顺着斜坡而下的溪流，并且它大口大口地喝着水。
tr	I	I can 't talk , but he looks terrified .
tr	O	我走到人群中时，西奥开始缓慢鼓掌，并且我笑了，然后鞠了一个躬。
tr	I	She returned quickly carrying a small basin , but at last she walked away from me .
tr	I	Off we go back to the compound where I belong and he kicks the bike in to gear .
tr	I	The only way I can end this is to end my own life and I 'm too strong now .
tr	O	她知道那些话是无用的，但是她的思绪被肾上腺素刺激着，她的突触以极快的速度放电。
tr	O	她自动地分开了双唇，并且他把那一口食物塞了进去。
tr	O	幸亏有包裹着他们的玻璃罩，否则整个机翼可能多年前就化为灰烬了。
tr	O	詹姆斯停顿了一下，并且她转过头，以便能看到他的脸。
tr	O	我对她咧嘴一笑，并且她拍了拍我的后脑勺。
tr	O	我的背部仍在灼痛，但是我没觉得自己摔断了什么。
tr	O	他点击了它，并且梅赫拉文件打开了。
tr	O	直升机起飞了，并且孩子们挥手告别。
tr	O	时间已过午夜，并且场地已正式关闭。
tr	O	这个念头早些时候曾掠过她的脑海，但是她把它深埋心底，希望是其他情况。
tr	O	声音从客厅门外的走廊传来，并且艾米琳直起身子离开桌子，走了几步。
tr	O	她应该把钱转到其他账户，并且她就能赚到至少现在收益的两倍。
tr	I	My dad 's face droops even farther , but I didn 't think it was possible .
tr	I	He laughed and I gave a little shriek .
tr	O	她倒吸一口气，并且第一次，一丝淡淡的笑容掠过那饱满的双唇。
tr	I	I would not willingly place her in such danger again and she had risked her life , perhaps senselessly , for my mad venture .
tr	O	我张开了嘴，但是什么也没说出来。
tr	I	He backed away from Tessa 's door instantly , retreating toward his own , and Jem 's head jerked up .
tr	O	我恨我的父亲，并且我恨我的眼睛。
tr	O	我非常想和她在一起，但是和她在一起从未像现在这样危险。
tr	I	I nodded , but my teeth rattled a little with the cold .
tr	O	还有一双不错的登山靴，并且还有各式各样的衣服——一件夹克、叠好的内衣，甚至袜子。
tr	I	The cabinet rotated 180 degrees , and the Sphinx closed the door .
tr	I	They knew it , and he was hooked .
tr	O	它们有点大，但是我希望这能防止它们太伤我。
tr	O	她一直没停手，直到我和我的睡袋在她脚边摔成一堆。
tr	I	She loved him fiercely , protectively , yet she planned to leave him , fearing for her life .
tr	I	He wrapped his arm around my waist , pulling me into him and Bastian 's eyes twinkled .
tr	O	他肯定也注意到了这一点，因为他拍了我一下，并且我清醒了过来。
tr	O	她努力表现温柔，但是她知道自己是在拼命抓着。
tr	I	Francisco had heard every word , but several were paying little attention .
tr	O	他们从未注意到这些女孩有什么不对劲，但是她们中的几个却失踪了。
tr	O	我记得当时在排队，并且队伍前头有一位非常焦虑的女中士。
tr	I	Cain 's name hadn 't been mentioned in any of their meetings , and the king had barely said anything to him over the past week .
tr	I	They couldn 't make out what they looked like , but all they got was just the two dark male figures going from car to car .
tr	I	He saw it and Tony was there that night .
tr	I	I forcibly pushed him away , and Dorian 's face played through my mind again .
tr	O	肾上腺素流遍他的全身，并且他慢慢地从房子旁后退。
tr	I	They are laughing about something , and their backs are turned toward me .
tr	O	我们应该有自己的追踪器，并且有一支团队来做出判断。
tr	O	薇薇安的眼神暴露了她对他有多厌恶，但是我们都知道她别无选择。
tr	O	我的嘴巴张开着，而且我忘记了呼吸。
tr	O	杰斯给了他朋友一个闭嘴的眼神，但是他停止了戏弄她。
tr	O	我还没有习惯当一个巫师，而且现在我还要当一个国王。
tr	O	他没有家人，所以他们一定是亲密的朋友，但是杰伊说过他一直是个独来独往的人。
tr	O	我又一次呛住了，而且我的嘴巴充满了泥土。
tr	O	我回头看了一眼配餐线，而且护士们已经完成了给病人配餐。
tr	O	我努力不去想我上次来这里的情景，但是，我当然还是想了。
tr	I	He is in fact our leader , but he probably doesn 't realize it .
tr	I	I 'll follow and you go first .
tr	I	She immediately opened for him and his lips landed on hers .
tr	O	佩特的眼皮跳动了一下，但是他还是喝下了血。
tr	I	It couldn 't be helped , but it felt odd smiling while I said that .
tr	I	For some reason , his approval was very important to her , but she wished it didn 't matter .
tr	O	詹姆的头猛地抬了起来，并且他与威尔四目相对。
tr	O	米斯蒂又深吸了一口气，并且她随后放松了下来。
tr	O	我向他伸出手，并且他握住了我的手。
tr	O	我的技术人员登记了这些药物，但是他们没有标记出来。
tr	O	起初，麦吉尔因她似乎对他无所畏惧而感到不安，但是现在，他发现自己反而因为她无所畏惧而感到不安了。
tr	O	我只是想说我关心你，并且我厌倦了看到你痛苦。
tr	O	晨光透过窗户照进来，但是却没有一丝真正触碰到她。
tr	O	她以前从未对男人有过这种感觉，而且这是一种令人振奋的经历。
tr	I	She paused , and her voice broke for a moment .
tr	O	会议室的大窗户开着，并且透过它们，我们能听到乐队开始演奏婚礼进行曲。
tr	O	我把她拉向车边，并且她不情愿地同意了去。
tr	O	格兰特总统是第三位试图向西班牙购买古巴的总统，但是这些交易总是告吹。
tr	O	他总是掌控一切，牢牢掌控着自己的人生，但是过去几天却剥夺了他这一点。
tr	O	她没有回答我，但是我却感觉到她相信我。
tr	I	The point was well taken , but granted , he hadn 't been divorced .
tr	I	A general had famously relieved himself in that waterway and tanks were crossing the Rhine .
tr	O	他鼓励性地点了点头，并且她的眉头皱得更深了。
tr	I	That made her fair game for the taking , and they were no longer together .
tr	I	The boy plying the keys turned to challenge Buck 's stare and the laptop flipped shut .
tr	I	He was suddenly crushed , and he hadn 't thought of this before .
tr	O	它染满了血，并且 没有另外三名士兵的踪迹。
tr	O	它永远不会消失，但是 我可以克服它。
tr	I	I watched him come closer , and this time I could see his move , like slow motion on a video .
tr	O	这可能是人类的天性，但是 它不是动物的天性。
tr	I	He was mine , and he was magnificent in the light , heartbreakingly handsome .
tr	I	Sean slowly stood , and her soldiers deposited her down by the table again .
tr	I	I stood up to leave , and she gave a weak nod .
tr	I	I didn 't care but a few people shoved back .
tr	O	他示意要那盔甲，并且 那人尽可能快地帮他穿上。
tr	I	I 'd be judged by her appearance and she 'd be judged by her appearance .
tr	O	那个吻很轻，但是 她享受他嘴唇的味道，几乎就像她享受他的血一样多。
tr	O	她在他身下扭动，争取自由，直到她僵住，并且 她的眼睛因震惊而睁大。
tr	O	也许他这周末会有空，并且 我们就能终于见面了。
tr	I	One of the pages was missing , but I found my notes on Beauvais .
tr	O	我们原本计划在火被扑灭后就离开，但是 我昏倒了却让这一切戛然而止。
tr	I	The gray clouds hid the sun , and few landmarks were visible above the thick snow .
tr	I	It rode like a dream and when I finally saw it he had every reason to be proud , the car was done beautifully .
tr	I	Now I did , but I 'd never understood how you couldn 't just block that stuff out .
tr	I	You never came to me and you knew where I was ?
tr	I	It was directed to Stefan and her statement sounded more like a question .
tr	O	框架抵制时发出了刺耳的吱呀声，但是枪声甚至更大。
tr	I	That would be too humiliating to be borne , and if she didn 't joke she would cry .
tr	O	活下来是他的首要任务，并且获得帮助。
tr	O	他一直试图帮助我，试图拯救我，并且现在他死了。
tr	O	尽管他努力尝试，他无法相信她竟有勇气独自跑掉，然而没有其他答案。
tr	I	He was getting sick of it and this was the second morning in a row that he 'd been called before dawn .
tr	O	他们谈论着要将我们带入二十世纪，但是他们想让我们做什么——仅仅为了拥有更多东西而伤害他人吗？
tr	I	As hard as I tried , I couldn 't get my heart to follow suit , but I froze .
tr	O	其中大部分是常识，但是其中一些就是违反逻辑的。
tr	O	亚历克斯尽情享受着人群的热情，并且一个女孩竟然在歌曲进行到一半时把她的胸罩扔到了他的吉他上。
tr	I	She could make out details now , and her eyes were adjusting .
tr	I	The foreclosure sign in the front yard made her sick to her stomach , but she looked out of her window .
tr	I	I felt this floaty feeling overtake me like my fairy godmother had put me in a bubble , and then his lips were on my ear .
tr	O	她成为了他的，并且那改变了她。
tr	O	她完全正确，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	他再次排队尝试同样的射击，并且格雷戈里奥下意识地前倾，试图哀求他改变主意。
tr	I	The roads were jammed up with cars heading to the retail parks to do some Christmas shopping and it was a crisp December morning .
tr	I	There was nothing else that could be done , and they didn 't want to arouse any suspicion .
tr	O	她有一部分想知道任务是什么，并且然后她想起了尼尔不安的夜晚。
tr	O	他并没有真正地笑，但是他的眼睛却充满了深深的笑意。
tr	O	白百合花落在他们脚边，并且托兰从未察觉自己筑起的壁垒突然融解了。
tr	I	What the hell , she was already on the ladder , but he 'd been thinking of lowering her with a rope .
tr	O	苏西的头在眩晕，并且她的胃又开始翻腾了。
tr	I	I wasn 't worried about being quiet , but our footsteps thundered in the space .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to expect and I 'd never been to a dance before .
tr	O	我知道克里斯蒂安想告诉我一些事情，但是我不知道那是什么。
tr	O	它闻到了我，并且然后它从我身上咬掉了一大块。
tr	I	He wanted her pleasure , and he wanted her obedience .
tr	I	Her hands shook and her heart was racing .
tr	I	The outcome may not be one hundred percent , but I can help you , as I said before .
tr	I	That made me so sad , and I just didn 't know anymore .
tr	I	I saw her smile shine back at him under the moonlight , and he shook his head no .
tr	I	The sound only heightened her temper , and she could hear him typing inside .
tr	O	我本想赞扬他，但是我忍住了。
tr	I	Deep within her body , the first pulse of his release broke free , and the taste of her cries swept over his tongue .
tr	O	他挣扎着，并且他的眼睛闪耀着。
tr	O	她的眼睛适应了昏暗的光线，并且她看到了。
tr	O	当他们到达时，他们转身面对那些生物，但是只剩下那一个东西了。
tr	O	他们不像赛车手那么快，但是他们会一直过来。
tr	I	She could see Brenda walking toward a shopping mall and another vision took hold .
tr	O	我穿过帘子，并且我的感官受到了冲击。
tr	I	Young man 's , excellent physical constitution , or this he attributes to the boy 's .
tr	O	他们已经讨论过全面撤退，但是他对火药不确定，所以他留得足够近，以便在需要时重新点燃它。
tr	I	In my heart I knew it was alright , but I had a bad feeling in my stomach .
tr	O	他一定冻僵了，但是他不知怎么地保持着不动。
tr	I	He would soon be dead or he couldn 't worry about him now .
tr	I	I saw his expression harden and Mr. Stone frowned .
tr	O	莉莉瞥了一眼他张开的手掌，并且她的心率跳高了好几拍。
tr	O	我渴望重新回到正常世界，但是我只是对有些事情还没完全准备好。
tr	O	他们现在无需征求许可就能进入果园和作物棚。
tr	I	I realized that that had been naive , but once I 'd thought it would .
tr	I	It seemed to her that Ellen was going into shock , but Anne Marie didn 't have a lot of medical experience .
tr	O	这让我感觉他是我幽灵中的一个，并且在我找到答案之前，我不能沉溺于悲伤。
tr	I	Wrung the water out of her two long braids and she stood up .
tr	O	你对此肯定不感到兴奋，并且我们即将离开。
tr	O	他会偷走你的灵魂，并且他无法拯救格蕾丝。
tr	I	The stars seemed to twinkle brighter , but we hadn 't even gotten to the meat of what happened .
tr	I	At last she gave a small shake of her head but it took a long moment .
tr	I	He shrugged and I asked .
tr	I	He needed to get away , but Thomas knew that he should help with the cleaning .
tr	O	钱不会很多，但是他在后面有几间平房我们可以睡觉。
tr	I	It had to be done , but I hated to leave Sarah .
tr	I	My guide decided to make it even longer , and it was a long walk back to the hotel .
tr	O	她顺从地举起双臂过头，并且他将连衣裙从她身上脱下。
tr	O	我从未见过像他这样的人，并且我见过很多。
tr	I	When the spring gales blew , the rubies glittered in the sunshine , and it was there all winter .
tr	O	凯莉点了点头，但是她不是太确定。
tr	O	他把对讲机放到嘴边，并且我做了我唯一能做的事情。
tr	O	囚犯们首先被移走了，并且在犯罪现场被置于正确的控制程序之下时，我被允许留下。
tr	O	他的手松开了她的手，但是她没有抽回。
tr	I	His muscles tightened and he gasped weakly .
tr	O	他们转过头，并且他们的眼睛鼓了起来，因为他们意识到那把滴着水的点三二口径手枪正透过窗户盯着他们。
tr	O	外面又有了寒意，并且天色渐暗。
tr	I	She doesn 't get her arms out fast enough to catch herself and this time , her feet slip .
tr	O	我猜你需要转动那个转盘才能开门，但是它好像太远了。
tr	O	这里太忙了，而且我们得找个没人认识我的地方。
tr	O	有人来了，而且我还没天真到以为那是救援人员。
tr	I	He must have read the puzzlement on my face and I turned to face him .
tr	I	Sean wished he 'd brought a flashlight , and the grimy windows filtered the weak sunlight .
tr	O	我开始跑，而且他落在我旁边，悄无声息地滑行着。
tr	I	He had a simulacrum to destroy , and he was chewing his last stick of gum .
tr	I	I caught him staring at my eyes , and we both stood there , mulling over what to do next .
tr	O	这也温暖了我们的心，而且我们躺在床上，互相依偎着，听着外面的人声。
tr	I	The lights cut out and Bran saws through the wires .
tr	I	You pulled it off better than most , but not your best look , for sure .
tr	I	I wanted to slap myself in the face and I closed the door behind him .
tr	I	I could swear it was from the stress of three years ago and her hair had turned a blinding shade of white .
tr	I	His jaw was strained , and his eyes were closed .
tr	I	I could see his skin beginning to sear under the intense temperature , and the heat from the engine was increasing .
tr	I	He 'd done what came naturally and he 'd been a new vampire .
tr	O	法庭哄堂大笑，而且讲台上的法官得意洋洋，尤其缓慢地使用他的木槌来平息那叫喊声。
tr	I	The smell of sour milk oozed from Isaac 's shirt , but he savored the warmth of little arms wrapped around his neck .
tr	O	这桩官司了结了，而且贝德福德平静地去世了。
tr	I	I wonder how I could possibly not remember him and I look at the handsome face smiling at me from my phone .
tr	I	Some had given birth too many times in the past , and few women remained to us .
tr	O	我们可以轻松地做，或者我们可以艰难地做。
tr	O	统治者提出了正式反对，而且弹劾立即执行了。
tr	I	Thankfully doesn 't ask why , but she knows I 'm upset .
tr	O	Buddy今天在她的答录机上留了好几条信息，但是她不想回。
tr	I	Just being close to her helped , but I didn 't know why .
tr	I	His lips curved up in a wickedly sexy grin , and he raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	他的头发扎成了马尾辫，并且他的两只耳朵都戴着金耳环。
tr	O	你是一个自愿来到月球的地球人，并且你可以作为我们之间的桥梁，使双方受益。
tr	O	报警吧，并且你只会看起来像个疯子。
tr	O	她的手指缠绕在她的头发里，并且她走开了。
tr	O	飞溅的鲜血将墙壁染成了猩红的河流，并且浓郁的金属气味弥漫在空气中，与毒品的气味混合在一起。
tr	I	The remnants of those tears threatened to spill over now , and she 'd been crying .
tr	I	We had a lot more of them to get through , but that was encouraging , at least .
tr	O	那可能是真的，但是更疯狂的事情也发生过。
tr	I	He had to struggle not to grin himself , and Damien could hear the smile in her voice .
tr	O	有什么东西正在覆盖他标记的保护措施，并且意想不到的身体反应导致了轻微的迷失方向。
tr	O	我两天没见到她了，并且这48小时里，我很担心。
tr	I	The moon shines brightly above and it was night .
tr	I	Then he was lying on his side , Boots still in his arms , and a deafening explosion of sound assaulted his ears .
tr	O	她为自己不能到场而道歉，但是她却提供了恰到好处的安慰话语。
tr	O	当他看到她时，他的手挥了起来，并且他开始走向她。
tr	I	She did not understand how deep those rivers ran , but she was aware that he was a solitary person .
tr	I	It 's handle too heavy and this one 's blade was too light .
tr	O	阻止它的唯一方法就是阻止他，并且他已经杀死了我们大多数人。
tr	O	我们可以把金条运到墨西哥城，但是那段旅程花费的时间太长了。
tr	I	Her fingers graze over the small cut in the corner of my mouth , and I feel her hand reach up tentatively to touch my face .
tr	I	They kept going through files and we kept trying computers .
tr	O	好像她根本无法形成任何想法，然而同时她的思绪在脑海中一片混乱。
tr	O	在莱斯利看来，莱克星顿有一半人可怜她，并且另一半人则对发生在她身上的事感到高兴。
tr	I	Right now , I couldn 't put a coherent thought together to save my life , but words usually flowed from my mouth effortlessly .
tr	O	必须把核心从她体内取出来，否则这一切都会回来。
tr	I	I 'll reproduce it here , and I got the article finished .
tr	I	It was still his home but his home wasn 't perfect .
tr	I	The end is closer , and I am tired now .
tr	I	Winkler could call holy hell down on me , but I still wanted to run away .
tr	I	There was no sign of movement but she searched the near bank .
tr	O	布朗先生挖苦地说，并且我瞪了他一眼。
tr	O	也许他们计划了，但是不是他做的方式。
tr	I	A smal girl with glasses peeked in , and there was a tap on the door .
tr	O	她的优柔寡断让她抓狂，并且她在责备自己的时候出门上班去了。
tr	O	他眼中炽热的目光告诉我他要吻我了，并且我没有费心去阻止他。
tr	I	When the flame was about to connect , a shield formed around him as he walked closer to me , and he stepped toward me .
tr	I	Her head slumped forward , and she blinked once , then her focus faded .
tr	O	神秘人的声音放出了歌曲，并且空地变得寂静。
tr	I	Our gaze met , and she noticed me .
tr	O	他不是一只丑狗，但是他肯定不会赢得任何狗展。
tr	O	卡勒姆反正也不会回答这个问题，并且我没有心情让他对我说不。
tr	I	The medication must have put them to sleep , and they must be in his .
tr	O	它是世界上最小的小提琴，并且我正在为你的悲伤故事演奏它。
tr	I	We didn 't know if anyone was inside , and your door was open .
tr	I	They would call to their masters and the undead riddled with parasites often left them behind in the ragged wounds .
tr	I	Cleaning to undo the damage of my dance with inspiration and it takes me the entire weekend of near constant working .
tr	I	Those probably couldn 't describe it with accuracy , and it was a sight worth a thousand words .
tr	I	Keeping you safe is my priority and I just don 't have the manpower .
tr	I	You can 't really control what happens to it , and a piece of you is out there somewhere .
tr	I	You can 't always get what you want , but I wished I 'd had time for a shower .
tr	O	她润湿了嘴唇，想要回答，但是发不出任何声音。
tr	I	Yet I understood , and his eyes spoke a language I 'd never heard .
tr	O	大家的脸色都苍白了一点，但是真相炸弹还没有结束。
tr	I	Sadly she had not felt strong enough to travel , but Rigger 's mother would definitely have been here if she could .
tr	I	I knew they were responsible for the crumbling of the tunnels , and they smiled .
tr	O	当天早些时候她曾试图离开旅馆自己去寻找特工巴恩斯，但是每次艾丽娅都阻止了她。
tr	O	它吱呀一声打开了，并且安吉丽娜出现了。
tr	O	在柏林观众们都沸腾了，并且评论也赞不绝口。
tr	O	我抬头看着他，并且他也正回望着我。
tr	O	纽瑟姆博士并不真正相信天使，但是牧师却不得不相信。
tr	O	我听见避孕套包装撕裂的声音，并且我的身体僵住了。
tr	O	她的卡车继续预热，并且我有强烈的冲动想把它开走。
tr	I	They were taken to her usual table , and when he arrived , they both entered the restaurant .
tr	I	In this case it had a certain validity , but I 've always felt that an economic theory of history is an oversimplification .
tr	O	一看到它我的恐惧就加剧了，并且我竭尽全力地抵抗着不愿继续前进。
tr	O	我又挣扎了一次，并且这次我的身体有了反应。
tr	I	They always got off to good starts , but more coffee , the day was cool , the Dolphins were off to a good start , 8-3 .
tr	I	Tamar toasted first , and they lifted their glasses .
tr	O	向别人寻求帮助，这对于达门来说是苦涩的，但是为了迈里他会做任何事。
tr	I	He knew that they were miles away from any house but the girl had sprinted out to a quarter mile distance .
tr	O	恐惧鞭打着，并且我踩下了油门。
tr	I	We feel the same emotions they do , but yes , we 're immortal .
tr	O	盖伦认识她，并且他接受了她。
tr	O	我想我可能会问吉尔，但是那么我猜我不会喜欢那个答案。
tr	O	索拉斯就其规模而言是个繁忙的城镇，并且大多数建筑物在任何时候都有人使用。
tr	I	I was married now , but I used to be so worried about my grandparents seeing me kiss like this .
tr	I	The nearest department store was in the next town over , but he thought about stealing one .
tr	I	No one answered , but I knocked again .
tr	O	第二，你妈妈需要你，并且我需要你在这里处理好一切。
tr	O	他停了下来，等着那个人经过，但是他们却从未出现。
tr	O	玛丽娜听起来很焦虑，但是那没什么新鲜的。
tr	O	液体从我的大腿滴落，而且我毫不怀疑他注意到了。
tr	O	獠牙猛地弹出他嘴里，并且那野兽用杀手般冰冷、不眨眼的目光盯着那男人。
tr	I	It 's a question of priorities , but I know we might miss something .
tr	I	She staggered back to assess Ryan 's space from a safer distance away from the glass , and a wave of vertigo hit her .
tr	O	衣柜灯亮了，并且我走了过去。
tr	I	He patted the seat next to him and Maximilian 's long legs were stretched out in the dirt aisle .
tr	I	George was older than that , and Life expectancy in the late 1750s , which was George 's project era , was in the mid-thirties .
tr	I	She certainly had everyone 's attention now , but he didn 't remember seeing her before .
tr	O	从我嘴里发出的声音没有颤抖，但是它听起来也不像我的声音。
tr	O	让他去告我，并且我会申请破产——在意大利！
tr	I	They had walked over , and it was located not far from hers .
tr	I	His nose wrinkled , and the Abbot 's eyes flicked over Thomas .
tr	I	I try not to panic , but my stomach lurches with fear .
tr	O	我哭成一团糟，但是 我继续开车，知道如果我不开走，他就会跟上来。
tr	I	He 'd made his decision , but his stomach twisted with tension .
tr	I	I 've been told I have the ability to see the future sometimes , but I 'm not sure what you know about my powers .
tr	O	在第八次读秒时，莉亚站起来了，但是 那些伤势对她造成了严重影响。
tr	I	Everybody was arriving at work and it was rush-hour .
tr	O	当我妈妈把我带到前厅的一张长凳上时，艾娃紧紧贴在我身边，并且 我缓缓地坐了下来。
tr	I	It had still penetrated deeply in her chest , but the bullet hadn 't driven into her heart .
tr	I	He stepped into her arms and a huge smile spread across his face .
tr	O	前一天是斯塔克斯将军抵达的日子，并且 根据信件，他还有两分钟就要发言了。
tr	O	她的手伸到手臂上，并且 她的指尖在那里摸到了凸起的烙印。
tr	I	We were almost ready , and the party was tomorrow .
tr	O	格雷戈里侦探对她说了些别的话，但是 她没有听见。
tr	I	One look at Simon had him backing away , but John was the first to reach the stockroom .
tr	O	我知道，但是 也许我们听得不够仔细。
tr	O	人们渴望获得很多东西，并且 由于时间总是在流逝，他们希望在睡眠上做出妥协。
tr	O	只有短短几秒，但是当那个留着胡须的身影出现在屏幕上时，那几秒却很有力。
tr	I	She wouldn 't even give it a chance , and he wanted to fix this thing between them .
tr	O	亚伯拉罕结结巴巴地说，并且亨特同意了。
tr	O	那些宝箱还在那里，但是所有人都消失了。
tr	O	丽娜张大嘴巴看着他，并且她迅速摸索身后的石墙。
tr	I	He chose that moment to look toward the houses they were passing but she darted a glance at him .
tr	I	He guesses it 's true , but that sounds strange to Elijah .
tr	I	Daniel straightened himself , careful not to make a sound that might give him away , and a foot scraping against the paving stones said otherwise .
tr	O	水滴沿着墙壁流下，并且人类污秽的气味灼烧着他的鼻孔。
tr	I	None of them seemed safe , at least not to her , but Sam hesitated , her mind seeking a safe subject to discuss .
tr	I	There was a sudden high-pitched , hissing hum , and she flicked her wrist , a distracted motion .
tr	O	在某个时候她停止了出汗，或者可能只是它干得比她身体形成得更快。
tr	O	他告诉我，并且我考虑着，直到我尝试移动。
tr	I	Ty felt the gust of his breath against his cheek , and Zane sighed .
tr	I	I felt a sudden fear and one boy closed his eyes .
tr	O	我准备好要咬掉别人的手臂，但是我会晚点去，等其他人回来。
tr	I	They would get along just fine together , and they were cut from the same cloth .
tr	O	我们俩谁也没说话，但是妈妈不知怎地察觉到不对劲了。
tr	O	这让他的严肃举止出现了一丝裂痕，并且他对我笑了。
tr	O	我知道里德足智多谋，但是这对他来说也很有难度。
tr	I	I might be able to help , but I can no longer lead them .
tr	O	我以为自己可能会生病，我的腿在我身下瘫软，并且我摔倒在地。
tr	I	They followed him wearily , and he quickened his pace .
tr	I	I was adapting to my new life , but I never used to care about that .
tr	I	She was invisible but she looked down at her hands .
tr	I	Of course she was but I was hoping she wasn 't going to pry any further .
tr	I	She meets my eyes and her head tips up .
tr	I	They slept and she snuggled closer .
tr	I	Now he had shut down again and he had actually started talking .
tr	O	艾普丽尔·雷曼知道那个娃娃披肩的事情，并且格雷琴希望她没有把她所知道的告诉警察。
tr	I	She knew the fundamental truth here , but she knew Edmund was trying to assuage her guilt .
tr	O	他不肯告诉我 L 是谁，但是我有了足够的线索来猜测。
tr	I	Then , taking her courage in her hands , knocked on the door , and she held on to it for a few seconds .
tr	I	She headed for the stairs , but Isabel still didn 't answer .
tr	O	有时候它会变回像你小时候那样长，但是那些日子不再是好时光了。
tr	O	也许是上帝欢迎她进入他的国度，或者也许是一位天使带她去那里。
tr	I	He couldn 't bear the thought of living on top of them but Dave loved his parents .
tr	O	她的目光从地板移到墙壁，并且她捕捉到一小缕月光从高窗透进来。
tr	O	我将完好无损地到达那里，依然站立着，并且我将警告他们。
tr	I	No one should have that information , and no matter what he said to cover his tracks , Brian knew about the intruder .
tr	O	他认为不是，但是没有什么是确定的。
tr	I	She sank back in her library chair , and that sent a shiver down her spine .
tr	O	瑞奇不记得她以前用过糖，但是现在不是提这事的时候。
tr	O	他绕过我，并且我看着他大步走向出口。
tr	O	塔利把那块糖放进嘴里，并且舒格也照做了。
tr	O	自从成年以来，寻找爱情从未进入他的脑海，然而他却和海伦找到了它。
tr	I	He fell asleep , and pure exhaustion took him .
tr	I	He gasped for breath , and the thought choked him .
tr	O	有几秒钟，她不确定他是否会把它们给她，但是接着，他终于把它们递了过来。
tr	O	我和维克多一起参加了，并且我跟她的父母聊了聊。
tr	I	He didn 't care and he had no idea what was outside the walls .
tr	O	军械库现在触手可及，并且我迅速地走了进去。
tr	I	You shall rue your disobedience , or now you shall play .
tr	O	他眼中的炽热立刻吸引了她，并且她知道再也无法抗拒宿命了。
tr	O	门关上了，并且他们独处了。
tr	I	I can 't , but he wants me to follow .
tr	O	她怀疑自己是否能找到更好的老板，但是拥有正式职位的想法让她感到害怕。
tr	O	他们直奔我的卧室，但是我仍然在沙发上。
tr	O	她达到了高潮，并且他停止了思考。
tr	I	She sat here gripping his arm , standing in his corner , battling for him , and he 'd only known Lily a little over two nights .
tr	O	我从未约会过，并且麦肯娜明白这意味着什么。
tr	O	女仆们不见踪影，但是这里的烟味更浓了。
tr	I	I bring the engine to life and we jump in the car .
tr	I	She knew exactly what to do and two men were coming at her from opposite sides .
tr	O	让我乞求解脱，乞求一个没有距离、没有痛苦的未来，但是也许我不介意这痛苦。
tr	I	It didn 't really matter what others thought either and that didn 't really matter now .
tr	O	她仍然太虚弱，无法尝试变形，并且她也不会躲藏起来。
tr	O	她怀疑地看着他，但是她想要这栋房子。
tr	O	她在画每日漫画，并且那需要很多幽默。
tr	I	He nodded his authorization and they looked at Adam .
tr	O	我确实在喀尔巴阡山脉的一个派对上见过你，但是我们从未正式介绍过。
tr	O	她回头看了一眼布莱克，他与桌旁其他人一起谦逊地鼓掌，但是她注意到他没有笑。
tr	I	Thomas had no more idea of what was going on than he had when the whole thing started , but Everything had returned to normal .
tr	I	What would I say , but I thought about texting Lucas ?
tr	I	He slipped out to the tip , then rammed deep as he followed her down , and she fell to her knees on the dais .
tr	I	Scar quickly sliced the head in one move , and a demon squirmed out from its human soul .
tr	O	布雷迪笑了，他阴影下的眼睛瞟向镜子，但是他没有叫他闭嘴。
tr	I	Necessity forced his hand , but Sebastian hadn 't wanted to leave Serenity last night .
tr	I	Shine pulled a large hunting knife from a sheath at his thigh , and Gaudet nodded .
tr	O	部分也是因为她，而且我们的婚姻本来就不好。
tr	O	费伊的眼睛像黑炭一样发亮，并且她张开指甲，像爪子一样。
tr	I	She was surprised to feel his trust through the bond , and he nodded .
tr	I	This bordered on the ridiculously paranoid , but I was all for being cautious .
tr	O	之后街道一度空无一人，但是很快我就不得不经过一群人。
tr	I	That didn 't mean he was worthy of any civilized female company , but he might have subdued the civil war in his country .
tr	I	Sure enough , the warmth caused her sex to tingle , and she sucked in a breath at the sting , waited .
tr	O	我信任他，把身体交给他，但是我为我的心感到害怕。
tr	I	It looks like they 've decided to stay two more weeks , but they were supposed to be back by the Fourth of July .
tr	O	当然，这会有风险，但是太阳很快就要落山了。
tr	I	He told me where his was and I got in touch with him after we talked .
tr	O	离小径起点还有数英里，并且她没有任何防护措施。
tr	I	I felt the touch through every cell in my body , and Leaning forward , she placed her hand on my cheek .
tr	O	我们等了大约十五分钟的火车，但是坐车去华盛顿的路程很短。
tr	I	Six months was long enough , but it had served his purposes .
tr	I	Grace went back to work , wondering herself why she was so interested in John Harwell , but Charlie let it go .
tr	I	She put them around him as blood ran out of the corners of his mouth , and Jordan was shuddering in her arms .
tr	I	They are the parents of two children already left home , and he is married to Betty , his wife of 33 years .
tr	O	罗德里格斯向下看了一眼，这样就没有疑虑了，但是希利尔仍然花了一会儿才明白过来。
tr	I	My stomach bites with heat , and she says it low , seductive .
tr	O	光线消退了，并且当他移开手时，一个复杂的凯尔特十字架刻在了我的皮肤上。
tr	I	Jeremy halted his vehicle and the scene swiftly vanished .
tr	O	从技术上讲，它们让迈克亏钱，但是他没有纠正他的父亲。
tr	I	It 's not about the money , but I know I can 't get what I paid for it .
tr	O	撞击结束了，并且寂静令人不安。
tr	I	Perhaps there isn 't anything and I 'm not even sure what he could say that could do that .
tr	O	也许他还没来，或者我搞错了地址。
tr	O	她狠狠地打了他一巴掌，并且他对她破口大骂。
tr	I	They probably developed ulcers in the process , but the mice still got in .
tr	I	We 're different , but it 's no one 's fault .
tr	O	他们表达方式可能有所不同，但是内容总是一样的。
tr	O	有面包，很硬，但是我热情地吃了它。
tr	O	我在达到高潮时叫喊起来，并且我听到杰克逊在他达到高潮时喊我的名字。
tr	O	我们那天晚上就试了，但是它没起作用。
tr	I	He wrote poetry , too , but Red Badge of Courage is his claim to fame .
tr	I	He could easily double as Sean in that moment and Peter 's head snaps back toward Trystan with a pissed off glare .
tr	O	傻傻的笑声从门外传来，当埃默森和我惊恐万状地对视时。
tr	O	桑顿为此叹了口气，但是他点了点头表示同意，接着一阵欢快的旋律回荡在田野上。
tr	O	他的表情很锐利，并不完全信任，但是他点了点头。
tr	I	Between the collage of trees she spotted the golden eyes staring back at her , and Kylie stared into the woods .
tr	O	她总觉得一丝不挂，并且她意识到那是因为她的双手空空如也。
tr	O	我张开嘴想说再见，但是接着我才想起他把手放在我的车上。
tr	O	他的拇指摩挲着她颤抖的下唇，并且她张开嘴去咬那粗糙的指垫。
tr	I	Its proximity exerted a smothering downward pressure , but the mass of birds above them was quiet now .
tr	I	No one will go near them and no one has ever seen them .
tr	I	It was the opposite , but I had joked with Clare that once she was with me , all other men would be ruined in her eyes .
tr	I	Perched on the edge of the couch , her body tense , her expression uncertain , but she did not join him .
tr	I	She made sure Spank was present on special occasions like today , and Zoe kept in touch with the trainer who 'd taken the monkey .
tr	I	Sculptures covered in ivy gleamed around them , and pots , which once held live plants , sat in order .
tr	I	That is why , and ryan 's ring was supposedly the ring of the water .
tr	O	我从来就不是那样的人，并且我永远也不会是那样的人。
tr	I	Lina gasped when she saw the face , and a body came tumbling out at them .
tr	O	这是一个承认，但是这并没有表明她会逃跑。
tr	O	每个区域都有战地指挥部，但是她似乎更喜欢伽马区的那个，那是他的。
tr	I	The men relaxed into a casual mil ing group , and the preceptor gave them one of those hand signals .
tr	O	他的存在仍在，然而却没有能量。
tr	I	It hurt now , and Mistral 's teeth were almost met in my breast .
tr	O	我再次求他，并且他回来了，躺在我身边。
tr	O	我转向特里斯坦寻求确认，但是他似乎不确定如何回应。
tr	O	天很热，并且我们前面的路在热浪中晃动。
tr	O	利维坦在水上可能看起来很大，但是近距离看，在这样一个密闭空间里，它显得非常巨大。
tr	I	He reminded himself not to let it go too far , but Fun to watch .
tr	O	当杰西去拿围巾带他出去方便时，他的耳朵向后贴着头，并且他又咆哮起来。
tr	I	Something was telling him to go closer , but he didn 't know why .
tr	I	It was his rapt attention that held Jane 's focus , but Gloria studied it while he did .
tr	I	Most were still wearing pajamas and both our families were over .
tr	O	我只在那里待了几个月，并且 戴夫已经在那里待了好几年了。
tr	I	The ground was covered in it and the snow was still coming down .
tr	O	我让他砍了一会儿，并且 我把他的剑从他手中夺走了。
tr	I	I managed a weak smile , but my stomach hurt a little bit at the end .
tr	I	She willed herself not to start crying and Frustration sounded .
tr	O	巴黎回来了，并且 佐伊能看到他眼中深藏的恐惧。
tr	O	我开始下桌子，但是 一阵眩晕袭来。
tr	I	It could be because I 'm dying , but Red washes over me , as if I 've done it .
tr	O	我爱上了那个男人，并且 已经爱了很久了。
tr	I	Population increase is rigidly controlled and our birth rate is low .
tr	I	I fight it down , but Anger threatens me again .
tr	I	Mentally I looked about the same , but I didn 't physically mimic the move .
tr	O	每次他跌跌撞撞，或者 他的靴子在金属上刮出一条凹槽，他的血液都会冷到零下四十度。
tr	I	Nature will take its course , and you put too many men with guns in the same place .
tr	I	He didn 't even flinch , and it flapped its wings .
tr	O	小玻璃杯围绕着它摆放着，并且 他给自己倒了满满一杯。
tr	O	第四十天渐暗入夜，并且 我与艾丹缠绵。
tr	I	The fight was on ... But Chapter 4 The First Shots It was our Lexington , though a bloodless one .
tr	O	那个家伙看起来很警惕，但是接着就让步了，放下了轮胎扳手。
tr	O	我敢打赌他完全是在虚张声势，而且实际上他希望你爱他。
tr	I	I sorta like her but it makes no sense .
tr	I	It drew a line of cold white fire across my skin , and he traced a glowing fingertip across the palm of my hand .
tr	I	That obviously hasn 't happened , and if your military found blame , they would have held you prisoner .
tr	O	她出来透透气，想把思绪从沙恩身上转移开，而且她反而不得不看着他被人动手动脚。
tr	I	The fire had been put out , but he unsheathed the katana .
tr	O	克莱尔想为每个人服务，但是我们很快就把那个想法抛诸脑后了。
tr	I	I flinched from the threat that it contained and his voice was as dark as a hurricane .
tr	I	For the first time outwardly showed some perplexity , and Lynn saw this .
tr	I	It was on your desk at work that day and Drummond actioned it immediately .
tr	I	She 'll be glad to hear from you , but I know you must be nervous .
tr	O	怒火涌上我的心头，但是在我来得及做任何事之前，一股平静感猛地冲击了我。
tr	I	His hands are shaking , and his eyes are blazing at me .
tr	I	This man just brought out the worst in her , but she knew she sounded belligerent .
tr	O	她掀开被子，并且她的脚踩到了柔软的米色地毯上。
tr	I	Mam did love it so much , and it was such a small thing .
tr	O	达拉斯花了一秒钟整理思绪，而且仿佛我能看到她正在硬起心肠来对抗它们。
tr	I	A faint breeze rustled the branches , and Pale trees lined the road here .
tr	O	我确信这两种药物是兼容的，但是责任仍然在于弗兰克的医生。
tr	O	这是一个她奇怪的母性姿态，并且这比安慰更令人不安。
tr	O	她在他的嘴里呻吟，并且她的指甲陷入了他的肩膀。
tr	I	I know what is going on and it 's as if I know who is behind it .
tr	I	It 's a lie nonetheless but maybe who 've told yourself that lie enough that you believe it .
tr	I	He performed them with exacting skill when duty required it of him , and he accepted that executions were sometimes necessary .
tr	I	With that simple gesture , he felt an enormous weight just tumble right off his shoulders , and Pendleton shrugged .
tr	O	铃声终于响了，并且丽亚在课后等着阿扎利亚。
tr	I	She backed away from him , and he moved closer to Jane .
tr	I	I think it 's too long in coming , and it 's time for a change , Ben .
tr	I	Her fingers curled into the furs she lay on and her hoarse exclamation rang out .
tr	I	It was better than nothing , but Annie doubted whether a half-hour would be sufficient time to sober him up .
tr	I	We 've never connected , and we 've orbited each other for years .
tr	I	There was a thrilled glow in his eyes , but he had flattened himself against the wall , his arms in front of him protectively .
tr	O	她的记者直觉在颤动，并且现在她必须知道这个故事。
tr	I	He didn 't even bother to try , but I held back a groan , just barely .
tr	I	It still didn 't reveal much , but Fire shot out of it .
tr	O	更多的问题在诺亚的眼中燃烧，但是他很好心没有问。
tr	I	Her eyes were rolled back in her head , but she still breathed .
tr	O	安迪确信他能抵抗审讯，但是他对蒂姆就没那么确定了。
tr	O	他呻吟了，并且她叹了口气。
tr	I	Joni flinched and he slapped his hand on the wood .
tr	I	To his credit he didn 't try to claim she hadn 't interrupted anything , but when she stood back up , he was frowning .
tr	I	She frowned , and one person in particular caught her attention .
tr	O	我的嘴巴张开了，但是没有说出任何话。
tr	O	纳德知道她是对的，并且他迅速坐起来穿上它们，痛苦地咧着嘴，甚至在她为自己寻找更多衣物时。
tr	I	Now the situation had begun to disintegrate , but the problem had been resolved easily enough .
tr	O	他的鞋底碰到了把手，但是他无法借力。
tr	I	She was the right size for everything else , but Reacher guessed she was too tall for ballet .
tr	I	The mission is wrapped , but Nice try , lover .
tr	I	My mind wanders in spite of myself , and my eyes stray to Jill once more .
tr	O	他伸出手，并且我让他把我扶起来。
tr	I	Then the ship began to scream , and teams of other men came to quickly roll them away .
tr	O	他们已经报了警，并且我们现在也已经表明了立场。
tr	I	I wish that I hadn 't taken the white pills today , and my sense of well-being has been interrupted by Lacey 's suspicions .
tr	O	她真的很想探索这所房子，看看是否有其他熟悉的东西出现，但是她需要放慢脚步。
tr	I	The first of Megan 's guests poured into our house , and the front door opened .
tr	O	他话不多，但是他很受女生欢迎。
tr	I	There 's nothing affectionate about the gesture , but Lennox hand moves from my nape to my face .
tr	O	整个街区都遭到了袭击，并且那些灰色金属杆像集体斩首的受害者一样排列在人行道上。
tr	O	她加快了脚步，并且他们两人都尽可能快地跑下黑色铁楼梯到下面的地面。
tr	O	把卡兹扔出去耗尽了她仅剩的力气，并且她怀疑自己是否还能走上六层楼梯。
tr	I	It suddenly occurred to me that maybe I didn 't want to live a normal life , and I glanced over at Angus again .
tr	O	我从未想过这件事，但是我们每天都在做。
tr	O	也许我会醒来，并且我会再次恢复正常。
tr	I	Empty plates disappeared and Food appeared .
tr	O	艾莉的眼睛睁得大大的，并且她不安地玩弄着双手。
tr	I	Urging him to stop wasn 't going to work , and he was taking in too much , too fast .
tr	I	I grabbed her arm to stop her and she reached for the door handle .
tr	I	I could just make out the outline of his smile in the dark and he turned his face to me in the darkness .
tr	I	I heard rustling and he exhaled roughly .
tr	O	和她说话的那个男人已经走了，并且她暂时独自一人，咬着嘴唇环顾房间。
tr	I	She was tired , but their intentions were good .
tr	I	I must turn my attention to the ones at night , but I 've determined how the daytime seances have been faked .
tr	I	It was painted a dark chocolate brown , and it was a three bed roomed house .
tr	I	He knew how hard it would be to let her go and now he had helped to make a fascinating woman of that child .
tr	O	当他对我有所隐瞒时，我很快就变得不耐烦，并且他似乎越来越频繁地冒着那种风险。
tr	I	Then he is upon me , and his answer is a murmur .
tr	I	I park my car in the open lot , and the court , still empty , faces the beach .
tr	I	It stopped in front of our house and he turned to watch it drive by .
tr	I	He started to remove his jacket , and he could do something about that .
tr	I	It did take me quite a while but I don 't know why I waited this long to ask him about my brother .
tr	O	这就像他脑海中的一首曲子，并且如果他有一秒钟停止注意，它就会再次出现。
tr	O	它不是棕色的，但是它也不是红色的。
tr	I	I know where to hit them , and I recognize every alien I see from my time in the training helmet .
tr	O	我绝不会把这告诉艾薇，但是布林真是太性感了，而且她人也很好。
tr	I	The more I looked the more I found , yet this is running beyond the story .
tr	O	接着他的手滑上我赤裸的腿，并且我又一次迷失了。
tr	O	瓷制水槽上溅满了血，并且泥泞的靴印遍布瓷砖地板。
tr	I	It was locked , but Ali rattled the knob .
tr	O	贾德把那些话指向布里格斯探员，但是洛克才是回答的人。
tr	I	She limped as quietly as she could across the road and Rachel helped her to her feet .
tr	O	这是我想要从奥利维亚那里得到的反应，但是现在我恐怕这已经被破坏了。
tr	I	He could talk to her and maybe Abbey would be there .
tr	I	She started to shiver and the air grew colder still .
tr	I	I was ashamed of my weakness , until I felt Thornton 's big hand on my arm , and Hard tremors shook through me .
tr	I	Ridley couldn 't put her finger on it , but there was something strange about the way he said it .
tr	O	一阵寒风吹过吉米，然而他却是最甜美的猫。
tr	I	Ty was impressed , and they moved quietly .
tr	I	There was a strange look in his eyes , but half of his face was shadowed .
tr	I	For the hundredth time , I wanted to kick myself for not seeing him before for who he was , and my eyes searched his face .
tr	O	洛拉算不上一个好秘书，但是她在我喜欢的娱乐方面却很擅长。
tr	O	一分钟过去了，并且狮子仍然没有攻击。
tr	O	她答应了他的求婚，但是这并不是因为她爱他。
tr	I	He thought it would be enough , but it was as much of an opening to talk about their argument this morning as he could offer .
tr	O	他真是个惹人注目的景象，但是这并未到此结束。
tr	I	Then we 'd make phone calls , and we 'd go shopping for supplies .
tr	I	White people circumcise boys , but White people think it cruel .
tr	I	It was too strong , but he grabbed the metal hand with his hands attempting to break out of its grip .
tr	O	客房在另一栋古老的建筑里，并且我们穿过一个庭院才到那里。
tr	O	他们各自咬了一口蛋糕，并且它很好吃。
tr	I	Academic methodology is questionable and the faculties are sub-standard .
tr	I	Talas wanted this more than her own life -- and she also knew if Aura got her secret out , then she might resume a happy life .
tr	I	Many of the explanations were of the more supernatural kind , but most were accompanied by an earthly explanation .
tr	O	威尔在他面前举起那张记录着统计分数的纸，并且他把纸从中间撕开了。
tr	O	这个姿势对克里克来说可能看起来很随意，但是马克斯的肌肉却很紧张。
tr	I	The song began , and the lights dimmed .
tr	O	她开始呼吸加快，并且她的额头开始出汗。
tr	I	Now he wants to have a meal with me , and I punched him in the nose two days ago ?
tr	O	有点疼痛，但是我没有达到高潮。
tr	O	它持续了几分钟，并且接着一切都安静了。
tr	I	I feel like we 're missing something , but I know what the words mean now .
tr	O	凯特看着海尔，但是他的母亲继续说着。
tr	O	是的，他比她想象的要大，并且这并不完全是因为他的肌肉。
tr	I	It certainly gave him a feeling of security but he might no longer be used to wearing a holster .
tr	I	That was when they discovered their first dinosaur and Professor Smith had only bought lunch one other time for the entire crew .
tr	O	我把自己束缚在了诅咒之中，并且诅咒也把我牢牢控制住了。
tr	I	It felt like a gift , and their laughing even made me smile a small bit .
tr	I	Duke knew it , and doing the job to Raptor , even at a house show , was big news .
tr	I	I turn around , and she calls again .
tr	I	The thought is still bittersweet , but it is what I want .
tr	I	Mr. Leeson handed me back my paper , graded and I looked up .
tr	I	He gestured with a flourish , and the doors finally slid open .
tr	I	She rested her hands on his shoulders , and he reached up to hold her hips .
tr	O	他在撒谎，并且他知道这一点。
tr	I	Even so , he was probably stronger than most men , but he wasn 't at his own personal peak of strength .
tr	O	我迈出过马路的第一步时，痛苦地皱了皱眉，但是随着我走动，走起来变得更容易了。
tr	I	I almost swung myself into him , and he stood just inside the door .
tr	I	I lowered myself into the passenger seat , and he opened the car door for me .
tr	O	她腿上的血已经止住了，并且他的手放在了她的膝盖上。
tr	I	My boxers twitch at the touch of her skin , and I glide my hand over her bare arm .
tr	I	Flames licked at her body , and colors whirled in her head .
tr	O	你昨天过来完成这些该死的报告，而且现在你对领取你的应得权益扭扭捏捏的。
tr	I	The rest of me was eager , but the front of me was sore .
tr	O	我试图表现得若无其事，但是同时我又好奇心太重，无法置之不理。
tr	I	It was afraid and it was angry .
tr	O	他会带贝基过去，并且她就可以去取吉普车。
tr	O	艾米平静地问道，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	I	The indication was missing altogether , but typically , this would 've been labeled on the back .
tr	O	我不知道我们该怎么做，但是总有一天，我们必须看看能否从中挽救一些东西。
tr	O	天空开始染上了一丝暗色，并且我知道我父亲很快就会叫停了。
tr	I	Then I pul ed away , knowing Claire was anxiously waiting , and his mouth lingered on mine .
tr	O	疼痛正在减轻，并且我活动了下手指。
tr	I	He moaned at the motion , and she rubbed herself against him .
tr	I	I wouldn 't start now , and I had never harmed a woman .
tr	I	She winced , and he went to sit on the couch beside Jane .
tr	I	That 's all that really mattered and she felt like herself .
tr	O	我们在沙发上坐了下来，并且他按下了播放键。
tr	O	他觉得她不想谈论这件事，并且是时候该换个话题了。
tr	I	They were just two normal girls , no wraiths , no Immortals and the sun was shining .
tr	O	我还有一个问题，并且既然已经走到这一步，我知道我必须问它。
tr	I	The noxious odor of burning tortilla chips permeates the air and a loud hiss comes from the corner of the kitchen .
tr	I	It 's going to be great and the guys will be here tonight .
tr	O	我也不知道我离开了多久，但是我享受风吹拂我脸颊的感觉。
tr	I	I ponder it for a moment and I am startled at that word .
tr	I	She winced , and one of the blades pierced her thigh .
tr	O	约翰扣动了扳机，并且那生物伴随着一声迅速消逝的尖叫被炸飞了。
tr	I	It fell from the tree , and Josh fired two shots at the bear .
tr	I	A man picked it up and the phone rang out for a moment .
tr	I	He won 't let me go , but I yank harder .
tr	O	这又将是一个少眠之夜，并且他突然很庆幸他那次意外的小憩。
tr	O	他的头发已从绷带中挣脱，并且它如一道长长的黑浪般披散在他的背部。
tr	O	她笑了，并且她踮起脚尖轻轻地吻了他。
tr	O	他的眼睛瞪大了，并且他的嘴巴张开了。
tr	I	I didn 't want to discuss it anymore , and I broke up with her .
tr	O	斯塔凡出身街头，并且那是无法改变的。
tr	O	另外几块屏幕被安装在车辆上的更多摄像头分割开来，但是达克斯根据前向显示器认出了它们的位置。
tr	O	理论上我是，但是通过睡觉往上爬职业阶梯并不是我的本意。
tr	O	她按压进去的液体灼烧着，起初有点痛，并且后来疼得我把一只手握成了拳头。
tr	O	我试图取消，但是这门课是强制性的。
tr	I	We needed to act fast ... and I had a good idea of who was behind this .
tr	I	I wasn 't letting him seek revenge and I wasn 't moving to Texas .
tr	I	The plate caught the damage , but Syrup dripped off .
tr	O	他的鼻孔张开，并且他的眼睛眯了起来。
tr	O	米歇尔在后面处理一些文书工作，并且其他女孩们当天已经离开了。
tr	O	我把它拉开，并且它因年久而吱呀作响。
tr	O	我的肚子咕咕叫，并且我的心猛地一跳。
tr	O	Jase 已经游得很快了，并且我急忙追赶。
tr	O	我跟丢了他几秒钟，并且接着又找到了他，他在前方几码处，正在下一个走廊右转。
tr	I	Any sort of reprieve helped her mentally to get through this , but it was only a small sense .
tr	I	Every time I check over my shoulder , no one 's there , but I can 't shake the feeling that there 's something following us .
tr	O	我知道我不能，并且我不知道为什么我感觉自己必须这样做。
tr	O	太阳几乎无法穿透从海洋内陆飘来的薄雾，并且吉娅按下了厨房的灯开关，瞬间照亮了厨房。
tr	O	我的家就在拐角处，但是我还没准备好回家。
tr	O	我以为大火很快就会包围我们，但是并没有。
tr	I	I loved her for it , and she was such a mom .
tr	O	你希望我在这里的程度，和我自己想在这里的程度一样，并且我知道这一点。
tr	I	I glanced at him and Roth took my hand in his .
tr	I	It 's a risk that I 'm willing to take , but I know that this may very well be a setup .
tr	O	下一张牌没有带来太大改变，但是尽管如此，我开始感到紧张。
tr	I	The ship didn 't stop , and the pilot continued pressing buttons .
tr	I	I slept for the majority of it , so I didn 't mind it much , but the flight was long .
tr	I	Her eyes were sweet , but her voice was tart .
tr	O	我并不是说我不值得，但是，该死，那感觉糟透了。
tr	I	His hard eyes are fixed on Gage in a narrowed glare , but Dax 's hand is on my shoulder .
tr	O	我们在这里碰头，而且凯蒂会开车去俱乐部。
tr	I	Sophie had been crying at the end of the night , and they 'd raised over fifty thousand dollars at that event .
tr	I	He wasn 't nearly as smooth as he thought , but Marcus dragging his date to the Applebee 's two towns over was inconvenient .
tr	O	她就是我梦寐以求的女人，并且在这几天里，她属于我。
tr	O	他们吃了一顿安静的晚餐，并且路易斯听着那个老人谈论他已故的伴侣。
tr	I	They got up later , but some , it shook to the ground .
tr	O	那是它的来源，但是它朝向一个奇怪的方向。
tr	O	他们的父母去世后，他抚养了她，并且有段时间相当艰难。
tr	O	他皱着眉，靠近门边，仔细聆听着，并且毕迪开门时就是这样找到他的。
tr	I	Her descent slowed with a feeling like she was connected to an elastic band , and she abruptly tipped the rod in the other direction .
tr	I	The sheriff was struggling to get his gun out of the holster , and he was now screaming .
tr	O	凯尔西把艾米莉推向边缘，并且艾米莉尖叫了起来。
tr	I	After going over everything , I see how badly I fucked it up ... but I really did .
tr	I	I still needed as many of those as I could get , but I might be different now .
tr	I	You left me standing there like an idiot while you left with her , but you were on a date with me .
tr	O	他的心跳得很快，但是他的思绪却一片空白。
tr	I	His head snapped around so quickly it sent painful twinges down his neck and a cold wind fogged across him then .
tr	I	The hands which had laboured so long to build them fell down with their creations into the abyss and they toppled over .
tr	I	Certainly it wasn 't the first time Candace had witnessed it , but her little brother could be a hothead .
tr	I	He went to kick it away , only to clip Red 's shin and a startled rat dashed across Billy 's foot .
tr	O	我的嘴巴再次张开，并且她对我笑了笑。
tr	O	我不愿承认，但是她的比我戴的那个更亮。
tr	I	The moonlight caught a glint of a discarded tool on the ground , and a tarp flapped next to her .
tr	I	When he needed her most , she was there , and in turn she learned to read his tiniest expressions .
tr	I	Over half of the material on the floor was shredded , and anything fragile had been broken .
tr	O	他以前从未与人如此忘我，并且他敢打赌她也有同样的感觉。
tr	I	He could do nothing to prevent it , and she could change her mind .
tr	O	那人再次面对我们，开始说话，但是特伦顿眼中的某种东西让那人打消了这个念头。
tr	I	Its teeth dripped fire and the face grinned .
tr	O	我仍然不知道自己是否相信纹身具有精神控制的想法，但是我让他继续说下去。
tr	O	她是我的朋友，并且我深爱着她。
tr	O	门上传来敲门声，并且一个仆人端着托盘走了进来。
tr	I	I felt myself tear apart and tears streamed down my face .
tr	I	They 'd yet to make love , and Riley was scheduled to ship out sometime early the following week .
tr	I	The computer wouldn 't let him , but he tried to delete the files .
tr	I	Their conversations were quite short , but they have been talking on the phone from time to time .
tr	I	She loved getting lost in them , but his blue eyes were so intense .
tr	O	弗斯特鞠了一躬，并且他的手不自觉地抚平了他黑色法官袍的前襟。
tr	O	阿瑞斯伸出了手臂，并且几件事在几秒钟内发生了。
tr	I	I did the same , and everyone raised their goblets .
tr	O	纽约市有很多方面都比好莱坞做得好，但是酒店套房的浴室绝对不包括在内。
tr	O	她笑容满面，显然是受过训练来对待客人的，但是我看到她眼中明显的压力迹象。
tr	I	Soon she stopped wiping them away and another teardrop slipped down her cheek .
tr	O	当我走到它面前时，我能看清那是谁，并且女主人说我欠她人情果然没错。
tr	O	她之前的男朋友都相当不靠谱，而且我想她喜欢一点稳定性。
tr	O	我走到了楼梯顶部，并且他从运动衫的口袋里掏出了一小张纸。
tr	I	I desperately did want to dream about her again ... and I didn 't want to dream about her again .
tr	I	His pale eyes gleamed at that proud motion , and she lifted her chin .
tr	O	有月亮，光线充足足以看清东西，但是这也意味着她能被看到。
tr	O	他让我先离开，而且我一天中除了晚饭时再没和他说过话。
tr	I	Ren used to admire Ruth for managing to get along with her , and Mrs. Bingley was one of the nastiest women in Marietta .
tr	O	博物馆对公众免费开放，但是格雷向操作金属探测器的警卫出示了他的黑色光面身份证。
tr	I	It has to do with the rather insular life I 'd lived for so many years , but I know that sounds odd .
tr	I	I could tell I had missed the lunch rush , but I served up a couple of bowls .
tr	I	When they were together , they were almost combustible , but he already knew they were incompatible long-term .
tr	I	His pulse took off and when Clay saw it sitting majestically on the ramp at Reagan National , his heart leaped .
tr	O	汉娜回以微笑，但是她也在饶有兴致地打量他。
tr	O	它去了哪里，他们不知道，但是那是一个必要的风险。
tr	O	场地主管告知球员，球场状况良好，而且插旗位置设置得很刁钻。
tr	O	这个世界任我们取用，以夺回曾经失去的一切，并且没有任何新闻报道能阻止这一切。
tr	O	我眯起眼睛，并且这有助于我的视力。
tr	I	No one else was in evidence , but he glanced around .
tr	O	她摇了摇头，寻找词语来描述那吞噬了她的可怕恐惧，并且然后她大哭起来。
tr	I	The occupants were afraid to open their doors , but they knocked on doors of neighbors they barely knew .
tr	I	It didn 't last long but well , he was at one time .
tr	O	她的目光最终锁定在罗伯特身上，并且她眼中的光芒变得更加强烈。
tr	I	They want to enjoy the sights , and they have worked hard to get to Kaskaskia .
tr	O	他没有立刻看到她，但是当他看到她时，一个缓慢的微笑浮现在他脸上。
tr	I	I didn 't want it to be right , but I knew what she was saying was right .
tr	I	I was swearing , and he was swearing .
tr	I	To Emma it feels more like a nightmare -- even though nothing bad has happened , but Ethan calls it an adventure .
tr	O	困惑的表情浮现在她脸上，并且她探得更深。
tr	O	肖恩什么也没说，但是他看起来很怀疑。
tr	I	What I do see is more than enough for me to know that this guy is hot , but I don 't see much of the CEO .
tr	O	似乎过了很长时间，并且他陷入了一种打盹的状态。
tr	I	I swear his belly jiggled like a bowl full of my dad 's homemade grape jelly , and he burst out with a jovial laugh .
tr	O	这比我预期的要难得多，并且艾什对我不够女性化感到沮丧。
tr	O	她还没有对乔说什么，但是他们的女儿已经投下了一颗重磅炸弹。
tr	O	卡琳娜甜如蜜，但是整个宫殿里没有比她更严厉的工头了。
tr	I	Water ran down her hair in rivulets , and she was wearing a thin white dress , now soaked from the rain .
tr	I	She didn 't answer but I sensed her nodding .
tr	O	我们不知道祂的意图是什么，但是我们当然不想惹怒像祂这样强大的人。
tr	I	The flickers began almost as soon as I closed my eyes , but I tried to sleep .
tr	O	他几次试图搭讪，但是她拒绝进行无意义的闲聊。
tr	O	泰瑟枪还在我手里，并且我把它紧紧地抱在胸前。
tr	O	他不会把妹妹托付给一个陌生人，但是了解更多关于迪的信息当然是有好处的。
tr	I	It sparks barely a foot away from Day , but this time the bullet misses the brothers .
tr	O	海瑟·布莱克可能是一个笨蛋，但是我们基本同意她的观点。
tr	O	夜晚环绕着他们，并且星星照耀着他们。
tr	O	出于习惯，我试图回答，但是发出的只是一声半猫叫。
tr	I	I would certainly be protected , but Ricky might be in danger .
tr	O	没有人分赃那笔被盗的现金，并且没有人会来找我，索要我的那份。
tr	O	灵魂使用的迹象几个世纪以来一直有记录，但是没有人真正意识到它是一个独立的元素。
tr	O	他耸了耸肩，但是他无法掩饰眼中兴奋的光芒。
tr	O	这感觉就像是准备从一栋楼上跳下来，除了对剑的信任之外别无他物来确保他能够成功着陆。
tr	I	I assumed he had skills I 'd never seen , and I also knew Claude was stronger than I was .
tr	I	Also her look of innocence , but her appearance set them apart .
tr	O	他轻轻拍了拍我的臀部，并且我在他身下扭动。
tr	I	His tortured expression remained , but the dream was gone .
tr	O	梦境通常不会这么快来到我身边，但是今天它们来了。
tr	I	Toby returned the greeting , and some even nodded a cautious ' Good evening ' .
tr	I	The guys from our group have been doing fencing for four years and you 're an amateur .
tr	I	I felt my own fade a little , and it was a sad kind of smile .
tr	O	我会提供一名助理，但是我希望他们能为你做这件事。
tr	O	她拉了拉他的手，并且他们转向门口。
tr	O	长者派我出去帮忙修理，并且我知道“神速”号正在显露她的老态。
tr	O	我可以独自完成这件事，并且你可以和弗朗西丝卡一起拜访。
tr	I	He 'd just stumbled out of the desert and he was staring at her like she was a long tall glass of ice water .
tr	O	他们很可能会被嫁给任何需要妻子的人，而且这些女孩甚至对自己的未来都没有发言权。
tr	I	That told me little , but she claimed to be a graduate student at the national university .
tr	I	The lines around his eyes relaxed and she gave him a soft smile .
tr	I	Around him the heaps of bones broke , and a dry wind rustled .
tr	I	The city was pretty crowded and it was the week before Christmas .
tr	I	It didn 't matter but the movie they saw had more special effects than story line .
tr	O	他的公寓不大，但是很适合他。
tr	O	我以前从未听过父亲那样和儿子说话，而且我们那个老社区也并非都是模范家庭。
tr	I	I brushed the boy in the wolf suit instead , but I reached for his book .
tr	I	They 're fighting the wrong battle , but they say the chemo will help .
tr	O	一个人受伤，另一个死了，并且领导看起来疲惫不堪。
tr	I	She couldn 't bring herself to get closer than a few feet , but she couldn 't tell if he was breathing .
tr	O	我脑海中燃起一丝怀疑，并且我开始怀疑克朗的动机。
tr	O	加百列就在那些门后某个地方，而且她极度渴望见到他。
tr	I	He tried to thank them , and they crowned him with the loop .
tr	I	The only sound is that of the rain pounding on our ceramic tile roof and it 's still dark outside .
tr	O	他的腿上穿着勇士队的蓝色运动裤，并且他的白袜子塞进了那双运动凉鞋里。
tr	I	I didn 't deny it but I didn 't admit it .
tr	I	Yeah , I got caught , and yeah , it was illegal .
tr	I	The man stepped ahead of her , but Sophie exclaimed .
tr	O	过去鲜艳的油漆已剥落，并且装饰其外部的灯泡也已破碎。
tr	I	Maybe it 's just physical , but Chapter 24 I think I 'm happy .
tr	O	泪水盈满了我的双眼，并且我不在乎。
tr	I	He nodded his head , encouraging me to continue , and his eyes widened .
tr	O	肾上腺素流遍她的血管，并且她的双手开始颤抖。
tr	I	Nick picked me up , while I wrapped my legs around his waist and the towel dropped to the floor .
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，并且我感到异常平静。
tr	O	斯坦·穆休尔是个多面手，但是他以前从未投过球。
tr	I	He regularly rubbed elbows with the scum of the earth , and he lived in luxury in Jakarta now .
tr	O	他敞开的衬衫领口处的皮肤闪着汗珠，并且他的衣服上有湿斑。
tr	I	Gina , along with other rebels , firing their rifles at the guards and I turned to see him .
tr	I	I can 't grasp onto anything coherent , but I open my mouth to change topics .
tr	O	它发出了不祥的咔嗒声，并且男孩倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	她的头发向后扎着，并且正如我所希望的，她的短裤更像是一条腰带。
tr	O	他有五十万现金，并且他需要处理掉它。
tr	O	然后我遇到了你，而且...，而且这似乎不可能与你有任何关联。
tr	I	I don 't know ... And we just need to find the person , the man , that goes with those footprints and .
tr	O	客厅门开了，并且她父亲走了进来。
tr	I	A large knife was roughly stabbed into the cardboard and on top of a stack of boxes was an open can of peaches .
tr	I	I didn 't trust that and people like that were usually two faced .
tr	I	That had created a job opening and three people from the radio station had died .
tr	O	咆哮声即将开始，并且露娜还没有准备好。
tr	O	我知道我在训练时表现得像个顽童，但是那也不能成为完全粗鲁的理由！
tr	O	我不说，但是我做。
tr	O	这一幕最初让我微笑，但是米勒先生看起来很生气。
tr	O	火焰冲进了货舱，并且飞艇在一个火球中爆炸了。
tr	I	Your honor is everything and you are a warrior without equal .
tr	O	我不会停下来，但是你走不远。
tr	I	I 'll find that this is only a dream ... Only a dream ... Only a dream ... She slept , and this will be over soon .
tr	I	Everyone released a collective breath as we fell into the comfortable ritual of a wedding , and an unseen cellist began to play .
tr	O	即使走到这一步也费了很大的劲，但是她需要这个来平息痛苦。
tr	O	她的脸颊微微泛红，而且我想知道她在想什么。
tr	I	I was close , but I wasn 't asleep when he came back .
tr	I	She was beaming at me , waiting , and there was a flower in her hair .
tr	O	我们一踏入舞厅，哈洛·布莱尔就发现了我，并且她向我们走来。
tr	O	每个人的生命都很重要，而且我们都扮演着一个角色。
tr	I	The chain separated and he unhooked it .
tr	O	赞德问了，但是邦妮没有回答。
tr	I	Jax seemed confident that I could , and this bike looked like it would be fun to drive .
tr	O	特里斯坦开始大笑，而且我摇了摇头，大口喘着气。
tr	O	她将一勺煎饼糊倒在煎锅上，并且厨房里充满了滋滋作响的声音。
tr	O	老人试图说话，但是他的遗言永远消失了。
tr	I	His eyes followed hers , and Richard 's hand gently patted onto her own .
tr	O	我的鼻子皱起来了，并且我往后靠了靠。
tr	O	有过那么多警告，而且我把它们全部忽略了。
tr	I	Then he leaned in , kissing me tenderly , and Trenton gently cupped my jaw in his hands .
tr	O	除此之外，他还在为她工作，这可能只是暂时的，但是那是另一个完全不同的问题。
tr	O	她永远也看不够那个身体，而且他总是那么……为她准备着。
tr	I	He was sleeping silently , but I dashed down the hall to his room .
tr	O	我看向利维想听听他的看法，但是他只是耸了耸肩。
tr	O	托比给我造成的伤害比特里斯坦还多，而且我对他完全信任。
tr	O	三个是真的，而且一个不是。
tr	O	我盯得有点久才挥手，并且她也挥了挥手。
tr	O	学生们的圣诞节开始了，并且车站空旷了许多。
tr	I	She loved all of him , but she might not understand .
tr	O	他们争先恐后地爬上去了，并且景色再次晃动起来，因为野兽重新站了起来。
tr	I	Ethan found his first , but I reached for mine .
tr	O	你是一位古老者，并且你的爱的力量是巨大的。
tr	I	Heads would explode , in a manner similar to what Lissa could do but he 'd have to be close to do it .
tr	I	I don 't know everyone , of course , but at least as far as I know .
tr	I	Now he was here , and she 'd wanted him for so long .
tr	O	她的肩膀向前塌了下去，并且她又尖叫了一声。
tr	I	I couldn 't put my finger on where I 'd seen it , but there was something about the structure that looked vaguely familiar .
tr	O	她听见皮特说出他的名字，并且卡特回来了。
tr	I	Her fingerprints were all over them , and he felt the screws tightening around his heart .
tr	I	I 'll be making a change , or get results .
tr	O	古龙水的味道消失了，并且空气中也没有血腥味了。
tr	I	You chemists are ten a penny , but no offence meant , of course .
tr	O	阵阵剧痛穿透她的腿，直达她的臀部，并且她缩了一下。
tr	O	我知道有些不好的事情发生了，但是最终，连你黑暗的一面也选择了光明之路。
tr	I	That includes our wives , and we simply do not discuss our client 's business with anyone .
tr	I	When the bearded hunter stood in front of the Tunnel of Lights it looked absolutely menacing but it looked daunting enough from a distance .
tr	I	She looked at me , and her eyes opened .
tr	O	他们知道这一点，并且他们很害怕。
tr	I	I didn 't move it off my chest , but I blushed .
tr	I	He did want understanding , but Neil didn 't want pity .
tr	I	It went to his voice mail but I tried to get Merrill first .
tr	I	The argument I expected to come flying out didn 't , but I opened my mouth .
tr	O	有人紧跟在他的身后，但是她看不清是谁。
tr	I	Yet Julian was pulling her onward , and she could feel the children staring after them , their children .
tr	I	The results unpredictable and the formula is inherently unstable .
tr	O	奥利弗牵起了莱斯利的手，并且他们走进了客厅。
tr	I	Phoebe loved being in his arms , and Hutch had kissed her several times .
tr	I	Then Chelsea spoke , and there was a silence on the other end of the phone .
tr	O	她想到这里胃里一阵翻腾，并且她的脸颊也发热了。
tr	I	She is charging full steam ahead , and I 've just met her once .
tr	I	He demands that I rest as often as possible , but this is much to Cisco 's delight .
tr	O	他仔细观察她能看到的部分，但是很难辨别出表情的细微之处。
tr	I	Pa has been acting strange lately and the village seemed too quiet today .
tr	O	大多数石屋都已彻底荒废，并且所有居民早已搬走。
tr	I	She was a goner or she had to think of something else .
tr	I	Selena didn 't feel herself any easier , but that should 've been a welcome break from the street heat .
tr	O	她的心跳加速，并且她的手心也湿润了。
tr	I	We sprang apart , and the phone rang , shrill in our quiet room .
tr	O	他开着一辆1969年的大众甲壳虫，并且一张它的照片被投射到墙上，取代了他的脸。
tr	O	萨尔曾告诉她，恩戈罗恩戈罗火山口有时被称为非洲的伊甸园，而且现在她明白了为什么。
tr	I	I 'm your friend , but I won 't claim to understand it .
tr	O	他实际上也有一副好歌喉，并且他一直唱歌。
tr	O	我本来是要去找艾萨克的，但是在我去他房间的路上经过齐亚的卧室门时，我不得不停下来。
tr	O	我觉得图书馆里所有的人都在看着我们，而且我是对的。
tr	O	我找到了他们四个人的那一个，并且我伸手去拿它。
tr	O	天使示意灵魂进去，但是灵魂不打算顺从地进去。
tr	I	You can find that out easily enough , but I don 't know the number after all these years .
tr	I	If she could have found a way , she would have drained every bit of it from him , and that ocean could save Nika .
tr	I	His face turned white and James ' eyes widened .
tr	O	有播放的煽情感的圣诞音乐，并且相当多的人在滑冰。
tr	O	我张开了嘴，但是没有话语。
tr	O	我告诉卫斯理我想在电影研究方面做我自己的项目，并且他同意了。
tr	O	他不能从你手中夺走这片土地，但是他有足够的权力制造麻烦。
tr	O	我知道他和他同事在当地一家酒吧，并且我的心因看到他的信息在屏幕上闪烁而雀跃。
tr	I	He doesn 't have one and the guy checks his pulse .
tr	I	Dumb as a post , and evil to the core .
tr	I	The deep wound in his shoulder began adding to the pooled blood , and the king spun about from the ball 's momentum .
tr	I	Each time the same place was changed , but he usually returned to the same place .
tr	O	里奥说要把你弄出来，并且这就是我正在做的。
tr	I	I felt him trembling , and the dog pressed close to my ankles .
tr	O	这是一张匆匆写下的便条，但是字里行间给人一种他身处事态中心的感觉。
tr	I	Jacqueline had her suspicions , but that was the reason he 'd given them .
tr	O	这些种族遭到袭击，并且他们逃离了他们的星球。
tr	I	The walkways were empty and the regular classes had ended hours before .
tr	I	His touch is still gentle , but his palms have grown calloused .
tr	O	这个姿势没有任何明显的性暗示，并且如果非要说的话，这种接触显得很父爱。
tr	I	This time it flew out from beneath the cabin as if strapped to a rocket , and the cat screamed again .
tr	O	他仍在触摸她，并且她过于清楚他的触摸。
tr	I	I regretted the insult to my name and I required my house to be properly kept .
tr	I	His gaze remained captured by hers , but he broke out in a sweat .
tr	O	我会教你，并且我们会一起在独木舟里。
tr	I	Bradley at the last moment realized that they needed to exchange emails , which they barely had time to do , and James was dropped off .
tr	O	他们有链条穿过的小棘轮，并且VIN将每个都向下拧紧，把负载固定在空间站的墙壁上。
tr	I	Hitting the liver tends to do more damage than regular body blows , but it does take time , that 's true .
tr	O	我试图挣脱，但是蔡斯收紧了他的抓握。
tr	O	我站在门口，并且他好奇地看着我。
tr	I	He seemed to draw strength from her , and she kissed the top of his head .
tr	I	His hands were shaking too badly , but he wanted to pick it up .
tr	O	我希望你专注于自己和开启一份事业。
tr	I	Then I met Ross , but I never thought I 'd meet anyone who would make me betray him .
tr	I	What I saw had me on my knees in seconds , but my eyes flew open .
tr	O	两人都很强壮，并且在徒步途中都不会轻易感到疲劳。
tr	I	They 're always poking around where they don 't belong , and they 're messy , noisy .
tr	O	他怀疑她，并且她知道。
tr	I	It 's like he 's slipped into a comatose state , but I shake him by the shoulders .
tr	I	I stumbled from the impact and I let out a blood-curdling scream .
tr	O	空气比她预想的要暖和，并且几艘船刚从日落游览归来，它们的小船舱灯光昏暗。
tr	O	月光在海面闪烁着渐渐消逝，并且海水变得更冷了。
tr	I	They kind of seemed like his henchmen , but I wasn 't positive what that relationship was .
tr	I	She had to do this , but her heart sank .
tr	O	“上校”以前是个挣来的头衔，但是我从父亲那里继承了这个职位。
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，并且我看着他。
tr	O	他犹豫了，但是他的手开始以那种有力、自信、熟悉的方式在我身上滑动，那总是让我因期待而颤抖。
tr	I	He 'd dive into the booze and if something went wrong , it was everyone else 's fault .
tr	O	我点了点头，并且她倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	她不知道自己在做什么，但是她必须离开这个家。
tr	I	I didn 't understand how Mark could have become close to her , and I hated her for what she had done to my poor kitten .
tr	I	He gets to go into battle by himself and my brother 's not yet a hundred .
tr	I	I can still do something , but he can 't do anything with his research now .
tr	I	She was left alone in the strange sitting room and the door closed .
tr	I	There seemed to be a shadow behind the open door , but the room was empty .
tr	I	I was still keeping watch over the Grand Master at night for some reason , but Merrill had a room on another floor .
tr	O	他几乎因忍耐的痛苦而呻吟，但是他知道她并不真的想让他停下来。
tr	O	她讨厌行李不离身的生活，并且她妹妹知道这一点。
tr	O	她的下巴因紧咬牙齿而酸痛，并且她的眼睛因全神贯注而眯缝着。
tr	I	His back flared with pain and his legs seemed to melt .
tr	O	我们的衣服相当凌乱，并且我的皮带松了。
tr	I	It started pouring rain , but the score was tied .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but I was so convinced the Manhattan was right .
tr	I	When the lion pounced on the fence , she let go of a scream as loud as his roar , but she hushed .
tr	O	他听到枕头下传来一些喘息声，并且几分钟后，她停止了呼吸。
tr	I	Here I am , yet I hate lying .
tr	I	The man 's creepiness was quickly erasing his alcohol buzz , but Ash knew that he 'd had more than enough to drink at the party .
tr	I	She tumbled down the pit , and Chapter Twenty-six The darkness surrounded Kylie the second her foot left solid earth .
tr	O	她觉得她知道这场私密对话会发展到哪里，而且她不想介入。
tr	I	She did not vanish , but she stood there mesmerized -- dazzled by his heartfelt confession .
tr	O	你们俩都会有工作签证，并且你，李，必须尽快在任何一家电子公司找到工作。
tr	I	I don 't want to do this anymore , but I don 't know what I came for .
tr	O	推车再次轰鸣着启动了，并且他们能感觉到它在往上升。
tr	O	他是只室内犬，而且你得吃饭。
tr	O	他的声音变得更轻柔了，并且我努力倾听。
tr	O	当议会中断午餐时他吃得很少，并且当他们的晚餐摆在面前时他什么也没吃。
tr	O	我的大脑以每小时一千英里的速度飞速运转，并且我不确定它什么时候会平静下来。
tr	O	我把狗绳夹到她的项圈上，并且她带路到外面去解决她的事。
tr	O	那辆巨大的银色梅赛德斯已经没有悬挂系统了，并且座椅形成了仿佛要将她吞噬的凹陷。
tr	I	She leaned into the kiss , telling him without words that she liked it and there wasn 't anything to be nervous about .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop tears from gathering in my eyes , and I shook my head to shake off the chills that flashed over my skin .
tr	I	What use to me was power , but maybe we were going to regain our power ?
tr	O	他可以等到火烧成灰烬，但是无法保证那些隐蔽的袭击者会等那么久才发动攻击。
tr	I	He just shrugged , but Kristin shot Eddie a look .
tr	O	这是一个医疗机构，但是与他们以前见过的任何一个都不同。
tr	I	We hadn 't even kissed , yet I 'd been sleeping with him for a while now .
tr	I	None of them were less than what you 'd describe as tall but they were all varying heights .
tr	I	I 'd had so much weird in my life recently , I was interested in seeing where this was heading , but this was weird .
tr	I	Maryann rang the doorbell , and they walked up the stone pathway in the well-kept lawn .
tr	I	It 's plain he 's scared to death , but claims he saw nothing .
tr	I	I was being honest , but I hadn 't meant to come across as hurtful .
tr	O	她向前摔倒了，但是在她完全失去平衡之前，查尔斯抓住了她的腰。
tr	O	他与奥格有着友谊，并且他有一份设计电脑奇幻游戏的满意工作。
tr	I	We both saw the fire rekindle in his eyes as the night wore on , and I think we both knew that he was dangerous .
tr	I	She did have the ability to make any situation fun but she wouldn 't be much use as a coworker .
tr	I	She immediately answers and I knock once .
tr	I	Her cheeks turned pink , and Lady Aquitaine dropped another curtsey , her eyes on the ground .
tr	O	她感到热意涌上脸庞，并且她正转过身去，试图掩饰她的苦恼，这时他开口说话了。
tr	O	她的背部弓起，并且她的眼睛闭上了。
tr	O	他咆哮着问道，并且查理明亮地对着他笑了。
tr	O	我能看出他不想继续，但是我还是知道他要说什么。
tr	O	她透过猫眼往外看，并且她的胃不自觉地翻腾了一下。
tr	I	Much of the small chapel was left in shadow , and the candlelight was not very strong .
tr	I	It could be a deceiving feature to fool those who tried them on before purchasing , but there was a red background .
tr	O	他的手在她胸前游走，激起阵阵兴奋，并且她能感觉到他的欲望在她身上变硬。
tr	O	他凝视着她褐色的眼睛，并且突然间一切都好起来了。
tr	I	Regret washed through me anyway , but Jodie had already told me that .
tr	O	她的声音升高了，并且门口的警卫向前迈了一步。
tr	I	The faint light in the sky was a welcoming sight but the warm air did nothing to cool his burning skin .
tr	I	I was willing to give it to her , and she looked like she needed a break .
tr	O	杯子夫人敲了敲驾驶员侧的车窗，并且我们俩都转过头去看她的头顶。
tr	O	她一直努力工作来保护我，并且现在她担心我会毁掉一切。
tr	I	Already her butt was hurting and they 'd only gone for a little while .
tr	O	较短的路线会经过沃特福德，但是那也会更危险，也许在环岛处“甩掉”他的机会太多。
tr	I	When she pressed up behind him again , touching his bare back , he wanted to let go , and it fell away under her hands .
tr	O	自从我开始和达拉约会以来，我努力在行动之前思考我的行为后果，但是我性情冲动。
tr	O	门开了，并且马尔霍兰德带着轻松的笑容站在那里。
tr	O	这种释放似乎让血液涌入他的阴茎，并且一股意想不到的狂喜浪潮席卷了他的全身。
tr	I	It made her heart quiver and she could see a flicker of hope in his eyes .
tr	O	看到这些马唤起了他父亲去世的记忆，并且他的怒火中烧。
tr	I	It did little to quell his temper , but Rafe had to admit the truth of this statement .
tr	O	就像我预料的那样，屏幕被锁了，但是那将是之后的问题。
tr	I	Her loss is felt deeply , and she sacrificed her life for us .
tr	O	另一颗子弹擦着她飞过，并且她觉得它刮擦到了她盔甲的边缘。
tr	I	Grace straightened up the aisles until she heard the door jingle and Charlie went back to the office .
tr	I	Then I wondered why I felt bad about that , and I wondered if he was still stinging from Dad 's cut .
tr	O	你的脸看起来更有棱角了，但是也许那是因为你的发型。
tr	O	远非如此，并且我确实明白这种境况的绝望。
tr	O	他听起来像要崩溃了，并且我努力忍住不笑。
tr	O	可怕的吸吮声让劳拉胃里翻腾，但是她却强忍住作呕的冲动。
tr	O	他在她身后塞了一叠枕头，然后吩咐她躺下，并且他又在她脚下塞了一些。
tr	I	Without her , she felt adrift , and her sister had been her anchor .
tr	I	I hear him sniffle and he kisses me on the cheek .
tr	I	A lot of the crowd already have them but I was going to take thirty .
tr	O	她摸了摸他的脉搏，但是他已经死了。
tr	O	我们的营在右边，并且第三营在左边。
tr	O	第三个猜测是，也许我错了，并且灵魂穿着制服存在。
tr	O	她总是说她妈妈管得太多了，但是至少她妈妈知道她在哪里。
tr	I	Even every time they took a hit , and he enjoyed every time he fired on the enemy , every time he evaded the enemy .
tr	O	你知道那一点，但是我不是。
tr	I	Now something was on her mind , and she came here for a reason .
tr	I	His whiskers created a dark shadow on his jaw and she loved it when his hair was ruffled from sleep .
tr	O	他站得太近了，但是她似乎没有力气拉开他们之间的距离。
tr	I	She was sure that the feeling was mutual and Amy hated the First Sergeant .
tr	I	I sneered at her , and she came into view .
tr	I	I can introduce to you the basic concepts , but I can 't teach that to you in a single session .
tr	I	It was the only backup , but he had an extra phone .
tr	O	我就在他们身后，并且我能感觉到安迪就站在我旁边。
tr	I	She went into another , much larger complex and the heavy door slid aside .
tr	O	她笑了，并且这次是刺耳的。
tr	O	她丰满的嘴唇抿了起来，并且她的手指蜷成了拳头。
tr	O	明天，通往地球的门将会打开，并且他将穿过，去寻找他的女儿们。
tr	O	他已经做出了选择，并且她需要面对现实。
tr	I	Caroline went rigid , and an arm slipped around her waist .
tr	O	他在后视镜里看着她，并且他的眼睛迸发出橙色火焰。
tr	I	Perhaps it was time to start making her own , and she also believed she could do with some good luck about now .
tr	O	最终彼得被允许把袋子从他头上撕下来，并且这在很大程度上被走廊里所有人当作一个笑话。
tr	I	We didn 't have lessons for three days and Merrill made me soak in the hot tub .
tr	I	Della could tell he felt it , too , and Chase stared at the image .
tr	I	Henry smiled , and he gurgled .
tr	I	I was dead , and he was gone .
tr	I	He had to know , but it was silly really .
tr	O	又有几块岩石在她的抓握下崩塌，并且赛琳娜能看到尖刺状的棕色毛发开始从利亚姆的皮肤里冒出来。
tr	I	After he died , nobody came looking , but I 'd meant to return them .
tr	O	你们理应是最好的，但是你们竟然都不能说话？
tr	O	她已经发现那个吉普赛人认识吉迪恩，但是她从未在那个老妇人身上感觉到任何可怕之处。
tr	I	He continued to block her , but Cassie glared fiercely at him .
tr	O	从那天起加百列恢复得很好，但是他眼中的顽皮神情似乎消失了。
tr	I	I didn 't think that was possible and she was more perfect than I had thought .
tr	I	I was pissed , and I could tell that he was drunk right away .
tr	O	我非常渴望那次巴黎之旅，为此我几乎愿意做任何事情来得到它，并且我做到了！
tr	I	I couldn 't think of anything to say , but she looked at me expectantly .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and Anita grabbed my hands .
tr	I	Erin knows I do everything Coach tells me to do , but she 's right about secrets .
tr	I	Then remembered the castle was in a dead zone , and he took out his cell phone to dial Benji .
tr	I	They wouldn 't stand for being openly named as his lesser , not for long , but they might not claim to be Achilles ' better .
tr	O	我们现在已经有两起谋杀案发生在同一栋大楼里，并且没有人看到任何东西。
tr	I	His answer left her speechless , and as he looked at her , his expression was a mask of utter confusion .
tr	I	I 'll burst or I feel like I must talk to someone .
tr	O	妮娜的脸色发白，并且她也僵住了，茶杯仍然在她手里。
tr	O	门慢慢地开了，并且杰斯从门口俯视着她。
tr	O	每个男人都有一个弱点，并且显然她是他的弱点。
tr	O	他的呼吸一窒，并且我听到他大声吞咽。
tr	O	锁咔嗒一声，并且门开了，露出了艾娃。
tr	I	He told me to mind my own damned business and I once made a critical comment on his relationship with Kirsty .
tr	I	After much pleading , my parents allowed me to accept the privilege , and the car manufacturers begged me to endorse their vehicle .
tr	I	There was no one she would rather ring in the New Year with than Darius , and Tomorrow was New Year 's day .
tr	O	他以前从未和女人在一起过，并且他的荷尔蒙已经失控。
tr	O	她的胸口充满沉重感，并且她将其认作是内疚。
tr	O	她声称爱他，并且她有一个很棒的儿子。
tr	O	她的双腿一软，并且她坐到了床垫的边缘。
tr	I	I knew they were making a good story of it , but I don 't know how they know I 'm here .
tr	O	她的爸爸也完全一样，并且我实际上和他们在一起度过了愉快的时光。
tr	I	He got it and deep down he wanted this .
tr	O	天气变热了，并且队伍又慢了下来。
tr	O	她开始走向过道，但是我没有松开她的手。
tr	O	我让她陷入了危险，并且她照顾了我。
tr	I	He could never see beyond the smoke , but he tried to see who aided him in the healing .
tr	O	这很好，但是这么多其他人的存在意味着他无法如愿利用这种亲近。
tr	I	Now it was boiling all over the place , and she 'd let the lid off her simmering , terrified anger .
tr	I	An inch of bubbly water covered the floor , and James 's wet shirt clung to his chest .
tr	I	The white bear on it didn 't have a single scratch on it , but the flag wasn 't in a very good condition .
tr	O	摸自己是一回事，但是雅各布在那儿打我屁股？
tr	I	I no longer care , and he turns his head to look at me .
tr	O	我不确定接下来发生了什么，但是威尔说我的尖叫把他吵醒了。
tr	I	Tomorrow promised to be considerably longer , and it had been a long day .
tr	I	I 'm touching his other side , but his gun rests on the rail of the ship .
tr	I	Something in my expression must have translated my resolve and I looked at both of them .
tr	O	轮子撕裂了钢筋，并且钢筋砰然落下，火花四溅。
tr	I	In that moment Anna saw the ancient man beneath the young , immaculate skin and his back was turned .
tr	I	The groundwork was laid , but they planted the seeds for everything that followed , then they pulled out .
tr	O	他希望赛斯是对的，并且他可以睡觉，让上帝以某种方式让一切好起来。
tr	O	丹试图打电话让他回来体检，但是艾比让她安静下来。
tr	I	He shrunk an inch and his eyes changed color .
tr	I	She stepped aside , avoiding his touch , but he reached out , his fingers going for the bruise on her jaw .
tr	I	He didn 't let his emotions stray , but it was hard to stay on course .
tr	I	I quickly pull my hand away and my eyes dart up to his .
tr	I	Just in case things got more adventurous she also threw in her black thong bikini , and she decided on her hot pink bikini .
tr	I	There 's something unreadable behind them but they 're boring into my face .
tr	O	月光洒在植物上，并且如果我们不是在执行这样一项令人不安的任务，它会看起来很美。
tr	O	我花时间度过了这一天，并且在发生那件事之后我把书留下了。
tr	I	The wild gestures of the speaker communicated anger , but she couldn 't understand any of the words .
tr	O	风转向了南方，并且本正顺风行驶。
tr	I	He insisted , but I declined .
tr	O	她把手指猛地弹了回去，并且砍刀松开了。
tr	O	他的眼睛看起来凹陷了进去，而且他的脸苍白一片。
tr	O	就像被流水般的血肉包围着，并且即使那样也不完全真实。
tr	O	他像披风一样，把危险——情欲的危险、致命的危险——穿戴在身上，而且他的表情带着坚硬、花岗岩般的棱角。
tr	I	He left me in suspense , but in peril I waited for another strike from the creature .
tr	O	我在他的存在中可能感到了一丝安全，但是我知道我们正处于危险之中。
tr	I	She knew he did not , but Bron very well might leave for hours at a time when these moods took her .
tr	I	He had no time to hesitate but it was hard to believe .
tr	O	我们知道他就在外面某个地方，但是我们从未真正见过他本人。
tr	I	I made friends with them and their dogs always came out .
tr	O	他觉得她很美；无数其他女人亦是如此，但是关于沃特斯，有些东西远比这更具诱惑力。
tr	I	I couldn 't resist touching it one more time , but I wanted to draw my hand back in horror .
tr	I	He went out into the night to walk in the woods , and he told Mary to stop chattering , to stop bothering him .
tr	I	Anyone stand in my way again or I won 't let him .
tr	I	This guy would have turned heads anywhere but in a school of barely four hundred students any new kid was a standout .
tr	O	他扑向了攻击我的恶魔，并且我再次尝试了我的束缚。
tr	I	Her fingers dug into my back and we crashed together body against body .
tr	I	The cruiser didn 't have anything left to give , but they rolled a few more feet in the sand .
tr	I	Children played and people chattered .
tr	I	Her luck was going to change and perhaps the worm had finally turned .
tr	O	他向下看，并且他们的目光相遇了。
tr	I	I eventually found it , but finding the bathroom we had used to take our shower was a little more difficult .
tr	O	它已经装修好了，并且我直接搬了进去。
tr	O	他们在一起真可爱，并且我喜欢一直看到艾薇很开心。
tr	O	这种感觉可能很快就涌上心头，但是它就是感觉很对。
tr	O	他再次渴望她，然而他感觉，怎么说呢，恶心？
tr	I	It was Valium compared to being watched by Mister Teatime , but it is said that the prospect of hanging concentrates the mind wonderfully .
tr	I	His thumb stilled and one eye opened .
tr	O	赞恩的声音很坚定，并且我慢慢睁开了眼睛。
tr	I	Because we 'd already been getting conflicting information all day , we had an idea that something was up , and Hammond put in the call .
tr	I	He knew that it would never stay that way , but things had been quiet for a very long time .
tr	O	他的表情不太符合他的话语，但是我感谢他试图让我感觉好些。
tr	I	General Keller stepped in , stopping just inside the entrance and the door opened further .
tr	I	She was picking through the rubble , looking for the ones who could be saved and there were wounded everywhere .
tr	I	He wanted her to taste heaven , needed her to enjoy every pleasure he knew he could give , and this was her first time .
tr	O	我认为他们中有些人是，但是我记不清现在是谁了。
tr	O	实际上，离日落还有好几个小时，但是它在他们心里已光芒万丈。
tr	O	我的情绪肆意横生，并且当我看着她时，我以为已经埋藏的仇恨又汹涌而至。
tr	I	There was no way I could turn down this opportunity , but I doubted his true motives .
tr	I	They were all fully armed and they were all standing at what could only be described as loose attention .
tr	I	He dived towards me on his knees , clamping a firm hand down on my mouth , but I screeched at him .
tr	O	每次看到儿子放学回家时脸上疲惫的神情，她都心痛不已，但是她却无能为力。
tr	I	I said as much to her , and I wanted to believe that I 'd won Ruth 's heart on my own .
tr	I	He took Majestic from her stall and we followed him to the stable .
tr	O	他那乌黑的头发和健壮的体格，总让我感到不舒服。
tr	O	我内心深处相信他会有个好理由，并且让他考砸了似乎很残忍。
tr	O	他们是令人畏惧的战士，但是他们也是缓慢笨重的庞然大物，有可能危及任务。
tr	O	有些人甚至会踩到她的腿，但是我却确保绕着她走。
tr	O	我只需要熬过这一切，并且我就会再次明白过来。
tr	O	门关上的声音在她大脑的一个小角落里留下了印象，但是她的嘴唇却仍紧紧贴着布莱克的。
tr	O	伤口看起来很疼，并且我因同情而皱起了眉头。
tr	O	我的心仍然很痛，而且会有更多的眼泪。
tr	I	He went for his racquet anyway , but Neil knew it was a bad idea .
tr	O	我很高兴他们没事，但是我感受到的愧疚感让我窒息。
tr	O	那不是他本想说的话，但是她一点也不确定自己是否想知道真相。
tr	O	吃饭很困难，但是她坚定地强迫自己吃下足够的食物，以表现出还算好的食欲，不想就此引起任何疑问。
tr	I	In those moments of realisation , Prue knew she 'd made a mistake in forcing him to make love to her , and something was missing .
tr	I	You did worse than let evil beat you , and you walked away from the dragon .
tr	I	His foot remained firmly planted to the ground but he tried kicking it away .
tr	O	凉爽的空调拥抱着她赤裸的身体，并且她立刻低头看了看自己的大腿。
tr	I	He 's sorry and I believe him when he says he loves me .
tr	O	他看不到他们中的任何一个，而且他祈祷他们已经找到了掩护。
tr	I	I gave myself over to it and the darkness rose up within him to brush against my soul .
tr	I	As it whispered across his skin , it left a path of embers in its wake , and he could feel her breath upon his chin .
tr	I	Each was a spectacle to behold and each one had a golden animal emblazoned on it .
tr	I	She snapped her fingers and her eyes lit up .
tr	O	他把自己从洞里拉了出来，并且克里斯托弗扶他站了起来。
tr	I	Anyone coming in the front door would have a direct view of the space and he could open them .
tr	I	The fangs were glued on and maybe he was just a freak .
tr	I	It flies out with rod , landing almost perfectly in the water and Megan lifts her finger from the line .
tr	I	He scanned it and I handed him the sheet of music .
tr	O	我的背包里还剩下一些补给品，并且一开始还有自动贩卖机的垃圾食品。
tr	O	我试图让她轻松一点，但是她不肯接受。
tr	O	明迪很害怕，并且我不能责怪她。
tr	O	红色的闪光在她视野中飞速掠过，并且她无法专注于任何事物。
tr	O	他再次亲吻她时，路易莎又发出了一声轻微的喘息，并且费罗斯趁机占了便宜。
tr	I	Londoners were prone to look the other way , but that might mean witnesses could be found .
tr	O	他想让我在那个当下与他在一起，并且那个当下就是一切。
tr	I	They both saw the view outside the base and the screen came to life .
tr	I	It was not her looks that captivated him , but this girl was beautiful , spectacular , perfect .
tr	O	我没有指出在我三次修复核心的时候都有人在我身边，并且我仍然经历了昏迷和随后的疲惫。
tr	O	族长很少在她面前显露他强大的力量，但是当他这样做时，她很明智地避免了麻烦。
tr	I	He 's been with the Council , but he would 've come here .
tr	I	He lied to me and he tried to control me .
tr	I	I also know it can 't do any good , but I know one night can 't hurt .
tr	O	她的爪子已经收回了，但是她的指尖很强壮。
tr	I	I knew that asking further about the escape would draw suspicion , but the news about Sofia 's escape was something I found delightful .
tr	O	他的眼镜稍微歪了，并且我伸手去扶正它们。
tr	I	Barret lay awake well after the others had given in to sleep , but tiredness enveloped them quickly after that .
tr	O	也许他是来帮她的，而且她在虚惊一场。
tr	O	我开始沿着走廊走，但是他叫住了我。
tr	O	这张床上只有你和我。
tr	I	We just can have that and if we don 't try this , Gregory will be passed on by the end of the week .
tr	O	薇薇安强颜欢笑，但是她的身体因下午的情绪而颤抖。
tr	I	Lacy tried not to feel self-conscious and there was a slight pause as the assembled group took in her dress .
tr	O	一个眼神，意味着他所认识的那个善良、慈爱的父亲已经消失了，而且残酷的军事指挥官取代了他的位置。
tr	I	Star handled it without difficulty , but the boat still rocked .
tr	I	With Angelina 's key , they entered through the backdoor , the one accessible entrance and he grabbed his flashlight .
tr	O	我只比莉拉小五个月，但是对我妈妈来说，那是一种背叛。
tr	O	女武神手里拿着几张塑料门禁卡，并且她开始朝着我的方向穿过人群。
tr	I	The audience was bored and this was old territory .
tr	O	每个人都知道他是我的，并且此外，他已经植入芯片了。
tr	O	这肯定是非授权技术，并且我们需要小心。
tr	I	After the sniffing guy , I needed a hug , and one hug from him always made me feel better .
tr	O	不幸的是，罗伯特最近很少见到他们中的任何一个，并且当他在朴茨茅斯停留时，伊莱恩表达了她的愿望。
tr	I	Now I did , but I hadn 't understood him then .
tr	I	I felt like I had to help somehow but I had no idea what worse could be .
tr	I	The streams were larger , and the trees were larger .
tr	I	He didn 't mind but the gentle sway of her hips created images in his mind which only hardened his already aching body .
tr	O	她把手机拿出来，并且我能听到妈妈在抽泣。
tr	O	NHS在这些情况下必须透明，并且这使得它默认情况下极其脆弱。
tr	I	Maybe I found it on the sidewalk , pocketed it for no reason , or tried to pass it off as a client of mine .
tr	O	巧克力食人魔现在是她的将军，并且她会尽力做好她的工作。
tr	O	他向我呼唤，但是 我继续跑。
tr	O	很快我就颤抖起来，并且 我的牙齿咯咯作响，声音大到我都惊讶它没有吵醒埃利奥特。
tr	I	She picked up the empty briefcase , and it stopped on the fourth floor .
tr	O	我听着她的鞋子在木台阶上的声音，但是 没有声响。
tr	O	她已经一年没见到他了，并且 现在看着他就像看到了天堂。
tr	O	我被卷入了一场情侣的烂摊子，并且 如果事情不顺利，我是那个被指责的人。
tr	O	我在车里给她打电话，并且 她响了一声就接了。
tr	I	He 'd said it as if that was significant to me , and Marshall had said he was separated from Thea .
tr	O	他转过头，并且 她看到了他的眼睛。
tr	O	无论我们做什么，我的家人都会理解，并且 我已经向我的兄弟们解释了情况。
tr	I	He wouldn 't have spent so much of the past few years trying to destroy himself , or that had to be the case .
tr	O	首先是她确实需要小便，并且她希望附近有女厕所。
tr	O	他也不是，但是他们所能做的就是尝试。
tr	I	The deed is done and I 've fashioned a better noose .
tr	I	Both agreed that the new colour looked great and they looked at their handiwork .
tr	I	She blinked for the longest moment , before stunned eyes turned up to stare at me , and silent tears streamed down her cheeks .
tr	I	It wasn 't over yet , but no , things didn 't end up working out .
tr	O	我的多诺万陪伴了我一生，而且枪击事件才发生在几天前。
tr	I	That realization was liberating and her heart had healed .
tr	O	纯粹的巨大快感贯穿她的全身，并且她咬住嘴唇，直到尝到了血腥味，以防喊出声来。
tr	O	她挽住我的手臂，并且我们开始走上楼梯。
tr	O	我是对的，并且我是错的。
tr	O	这后面的灯光很好，但是我小心地环顾四周，当我走向我的露台门时。
tr	I	Her heart thumping in her chest and Tammy could feel her breathing hard .
tr	O	我握住他的手，并且我们朝着相反的方向走去。
tr	O	他把她带到这里是为了保护她，并且他会杀死这里的任何男人，以防他们伤害她。
tr	I	They both broke into a series of manly back pats , and David hugged him .
tr	O	瑞安用下巴示意她继续，并且他的鼻子蹭着我的头顶。
tr	I	His silence was proof that he was already gone , but she was afraid of losing him .
tr	O	他所寻找的细节只有三层安全保护，并且一分钟内他就找到了他需要的所有信息。
tr	I	She intended to deal with this latest interruption immediately , and his nursing appeared to be at an end .
tr	I	I 'm not screwing you , but I hate to disappoint you .
tr	I	The bison don 't go down there , and we hunt bison when we want meat .
tr	I	I can see right down her shirt and Cassie 's bending over to wipe Alyssa 's hands with a napkin .
tr	O	她笑了，但是声音却是苦涩的。
tr	O	他们是他的儿子，并且他爱他们俩。
tr	I	Then I did sleep , and I pretended to sleep .
tr	I	I had to choose , and I could see it .
tr	O	笑容变了，并且她向他倾身，摸着他的手，这让他很惊讶。
tr	O	是的，我走了，但是在这个该死的世界里，我没有机会忘记她。
tr	I	He looked to be outside a city somewhere , but it was hard to tell from the angle .
tr	I	She took it and when she walked in , he offered out his hand .
tr	O	背面是陆地的轮廓，并且阴影区域周围有一些用小字填满的地方。
tr	O	她做的点点滴滴让我想起梅森，并且这很刺痛。
tr	I	We went through our little ritual , like we did every town day and Samuel came to stand with me .
tr	O	尽管他身躯庞大，但他迅速转身，并且艾希礼的眉毛惊讶地扬了起来。
tr	O	她曾师从一位大师，并且只有他能做得更好。
tr	O	你很担心，并且你很害怕。
tr	O	有人对我的活动很感兴趣，甚至愿意花几百美元，但是摄像机的位置违反了隐私规定。
tr	I	Then she 's mine , and I 'm almost done .
tr	O	查德从后口袋里拿出扎带，并且他们绑住了男人们的双手在背后。
tr	I	I resisted , but Puck pushed me toward the mouth .
tr	O	他清了清嗓子，并且连那声音听起来都很危险。
tr	O	她现在与他面对面，并且她屈服于亲吻他的欲望。
tr	I	The girl froze and Eleanor called sharply .
tr	O	她低头看，并且一开始看起来她没有脚。
tr	I	I did my best to explain , but my brain was whirling .
tr	O	他笑了，并且他调整了身体。
tr	I	It protested with the eerie , early morning call of a crane and the noise from all the activity seemed to disturb the tranquil grove .
tr	O	塞巴之前建议放走奥克塔夫人，并且我不同意。
tr	I	I couldn 't do that to Sienna , but I thought about not rejoining the tour .
tr	O	这女人玩扑克牌永远都赢不了，但是至少他永远不必猜测她的真实感受。
tr	I	She began to help me look and I informed her about my dilemma .
tr	I	They had split into the other groups , but there was also a Scout Team .
tr	I	I decided to have a little fun with him and he whispered in my ear .
tr	I	I did , but it was silly for me to feel that way .
tr	I	His glare made me snap my mouth shut , but I was just about to argue with him .
tr	I	At the same time I had no idea but something was telling me that I knew him .
tr	I	Carol leaned forward just enough to kiss him again , and his lips twitched with the beginnings of a smile .
tr	I	They would want to grieve for him and no matter what he 'd done , he was still their son .
tr	I	He couldn 't chance being caught , and he was taking too many risks .
tr	I	They filed out and three portals opened .
tr	I	I knew that what I did next was critical , but my heart was pounding from something close to terror .
tr	O	最后有一个音符，并且我担心萨姆无法唱到它。
tr	I	He knocked it away again and the hand started to return .
tr	O	一个女人站在那里，并且不知何故我进来时没有注意到她——这似乎不可能。
tr	I	A sense of Reyes came into focus and she drew in a deep breath as the chain began to vibrate softly .
tr	O	早上的音乐表演是佩特奉献的，然而这些是米奇对她的表白。
tr	I	I took my time lining up the shot - not that I needed to , and that was a particularly challenging hole .
tr	O	特伦斯被咬了，并且现在他病了。
tr	I	He told his father what had happened , and he knelt beside the grave .
tr	O	人们来这里是为了发财，并且黛西能想象她和威廉的生活。
tr	I	Her expression nearly undid him , and here he was crooning a song Nick said was her most guilty pleasure .
tr	I	They both laughed , and she let go .
tr	I	My mouth won 't let me , but I try to let out a small laugh .
tr	O	汉克只是躲开了，并且参孙重重地撞在角落的杆子上。
tr	O	她伸手去抓，但是他总是比她快。
tr	I	I wasn 't doing it for him , but Hank had trusted me with this role .
tr	I	He was crazy , and he was dangerous .
tr	I	Then he was escorted to an interview room , and he survived as a fish for two hours .
tr	I	She hesitated on the porch , taking in the view and being back on the Cruz ranch felt like coming home .
tr	I	I 'm the only source on Mars and it 's critical to the potato farm .
tr	O	他弯下腰想再次吻她的唇，确信自己能改变她的主意，但是她却从他身边挪开了。
tr	O	她无视他们，走在那两个男人前面，径直走到走廊尽头，并且左转了。
tr	I	Her feet remained soldered to the ground , but Scarlett 's instincts told her to run .
tr	O	她可能无论如何都在做大部分工作，并且那种举动可能会影响未来其他可能的候选人。
tr	I	Yet she felt distance stretching out between them and Alex was standing not two feet from him .
tr	O	走廊是空的，但是她能听到男人们上楼的声音。
tr	O	是的，她很害怕，但是她不会让布恩看到她的恐惧。
tr	O	我努力不这样做，并且这很疯狂。
tr	I	It was likely that it had housed actual presidents in the past and it hadn 't dawned on me that the suite was truly a presidential suite .
tr	O	我们到了教室门口，并且她停了下来。
tr	O	一天过得很快，并且凯特几乎所有时间都在回答问题。
tr	O	离地面还有相当远的距离，但是她跳了下去，蹲伏着落在墙边。
tr	O	窗户滑开了，并且一个被放在了柜台上。
tr	O	锁裂开了，并且门开了。
tr	O	他想吻她，但是疼痛难以忍受。
tr	O	我正准备跟着她，以便能杀了她，但是我的奶奶用她尖锐的话语很快把我拉回了现实。
tr	I	He pointed toward two open loops , and the harness lay crumpled .
tr	O	他们俩都抬起头，并且能听到婴儿微弱的哭声。
tr	O	我甚至对他施了一些镇静咒语，但是似乎都没有奏效，他的痛苦压倒了一切。
tr	O	我是在开玩笑，但是听起来却显得任性。
tr	O	我没有身体，但是这不重要。
tr	O	她的是543，并且我的是544。
tr	O	琳达的肩膀在他胸前颤抖，并且大卫能听到她的抽泣声。
tr	I	They covered her enough to give her some dignity , but they were too big for her body .
tr	O	他们俩都耸了耸肩，并且我继续走。
tr	O	我们明天就到首都了，并且我得告诉我的父母。
tr	I	A gate you had to pull closed yourself and it had an antique elevator with big push buttons .
tr	O	Garrett 咬紧牙关，强忍着想打人的冲动，但是他内心深处知道卡森说得有道理。
tr	O	维奥莱特挽着我的胳膊，并且我们朝着我们酒店的方向走回去了。
tr	I	Mac was going after Gwendolyn P. Morgan , and Jace was going to go after Scott .
tr	I	Nothing else will , but the sole of your boot might give me a bit of trouble .
tr	O	前几天我让他画一只猫，并且我以为那是一架飞机。
tr	O	我本来打算给他看，但是我从未想过要给任何人看。
tr	O	希姆看着我，并且我也耸了耸肩。
tr	O	我看不见那个洞，并且我也并不真的想看。
tr	O	我试图移动，但是我的腿刚一抽动，疼痛就瞬间把我拉回了现实。
tr	O	当他松开我们的唇时，他将额头抵在我的额头上，并且我的手从他的头发上滑落，托住他蓄着胡须的下巴。
tr	I	Her smiled faded and she got quiet .
tr	I	I wanted to find out , but I didn 't know if he 'd given it up .
tr	I	She 'd take Jamie 's word for it , but she hadn 't caught Latham 's scent yet .
tr	O	下山这一路玩得很开心，并且毕竟，她对他有什么感觉也不是他的错。
tr	I	Prue couldn 't stop , but she was being difficult .
tr	O	我花了一会儿才真正想起他的姓氏，但是看到他微微一颤，我快速检索记忆的努力是值得的。
tr	O	埃里克的手安静地放在我的肚子上，并且我们仍然一起裹在被褥里。
tr	O	没有秘密他就无法统治，并且有了海带就没有秘密。
tr	I	The kids thanked him , and John stood up too .
tr	O	他的思绪打转，并且他并不真的想承担他父亲所做的一切的责任。
tr	I	When I stopped , the valley was still , and I wept until I had no more tears .
tr	O	他努力不笑，但是那个笑容却怎么也止不住。
tr	O	他消失了，并且她感受到他的缺席，如同空气中被切割出的一片空白。
tr	O	小女孩对她笑了，并且麦肯齐的胃抽紧了。
tr	I	They led us along a long , white corridor , and we lined up for two , hand in hand .
tr	O	我没有计划过，但是其中一位护士给我打电话。
tr	I	More riders came forward and there was a ripple in the crowd .
tr	I	It hadn 't managed to rub off on her , but I had tried to convince her to be tidy .
tr	I	There was no mistaking the smell of ancient filth , but the reinforced fabric resisted the passing of time .
tr	I	A woman who was his equal in all the ways Ali had been Peter 's , but it wasn 't Ali he wanted .
tr	I	He was frowning slightly , and his eyes were brown again .
tr	I	He had a stack of papers over three inches thick in front of him and by the time he was done it had been over two hours .
tr	O	显然他们在大亨家族中横行无忌，但是不知何故卡西却未能如愿。
tr	O	他本可以成为J项目的主任，但是他太热爱教学了。
tr	I	Her fate was inescapable but Lynette begged her not to die .
tr	I	Neither of the men could understand her , but Breedlove muttered something .
tr	O	他呻吟了一声，或者那可能是她。
tr	I	He wanted another shot at me and he was probably only talking to me because I 'd turned him down the other day .
tr	I	Others deny that but some people say it 's located at the top of a mountain on the coast of Maine .
tr	I	There was no way I could leave , but I glanced at the glass doors leading out to the deck .
tr	O	对话又回到了他的旅行，并且如果它很平淡，伊莱娜也没有注意到。
tr	I	He detested the swarming horde of people , and he was sad that Blair was leaving .
tr	O	有些传统使用刀片作为那个元素，并且我有点庆幸他们没有。
tr	O	它杀死是为了捕食，但是它不吃肉。
tr	O	戴蒙呻吟了一声，但是他的眼睛里带着锐利而充满希望的光芒。
tr	I	The Spartan looked even more dangerous in the blackening shadows , and it was more dark than light now .
tr	I	Word still got around , but most of the monsters who 'd met Edward face-to-face were ashes .
tr	I	He doubted he could stand on it and his mangled foot felt like dead flesh behind him .
tr	O	她感到很冷，并且她无法暖和起来。
tr	I	Every night brought them closer to doomsday , but she 'd never been fond of it .
tr	I	They 'd told Sister Oana about it , and she 'd been out of her room .
tr	I	This guy was a total whacko , but I thought Kennan was bad .
tr	I	The knife catches him in the throat and my aim is perfect .
tr	O	听到他悲伤的回答，艾弗里感到有些虚弱，并且她让身体顺着墙壁滑下，直到臀部碰到木地板。
tr	I	That 's what they had reduced her to , but she had never wanted to become a referee .
tr	O	保罗有点操之过急，但是朱莉确实觉得他们一起合作会好一些。
tr	O	我朝凯和挤在前排的啦啦队群体望去。
tr	O	爱德华可以用魔法把他带过沙地，但是那个孩子只会骑马回来。
tr	O	小猪摇摇晃晃地走着，但是科尔感到相当安全。
tr	O	那仍然是机密的，并且这些新实验将利用那份知识。
tr	I	That would have been ridiculous , but Suicide was selfish enough .
tr	O	他当然不知道这件事，但是我推了推他。
tr	I	Right now I want to , but I never hug her because she doesn 't like people to touch her .
tr	I	He watched Anna reach out to lock the door , and his eyes became accustomed to the dark .
tr	I	My eye was on the clock , but I considered curls , always liking the soft romantic air they lent me .
tr	O	这是本森治疗的最后阶段，并且必须在服用镇静剂之前完成。
tr	O	他说保罗是因叛国而死，但是她一直相信这部分是为了她。
tr	I	It just smells like money , but I expect the stack of bills to smell like Luca .
tr	I	She only shook her head but Hazel eyed at the sooty hands as though she wanted to say something .
tr	O	她对着他的嘴喘息，但是他没有停止亲吻的压力。
tr	O	米兰达去参加了一个女巫会议，并且我与卢卡斯在一起。
tr	O	我刚认识的一个男人正把我抱在他的胸前，就像他保护他最珍贵的财产一样，并且我喜欢这样。
tr	I	The harder I tried , the more the vision faded , but I tried to manipulate the vision , hoping to reveal the answers .
tr	I	Sky did but she didn 't realize the significance of this .
tr	O	我想看着阳光逐渐消退，并且屋子里的灯亮起来。
tr	I	Her personality encouraged him , and her intelligence intrigued him .
tr	O	你会扮演懦夫，并且粉丝会嘘你。
tr	O	它亮度迅速增加，并且很快我就听到了直升机螺旋桨的轰鸣声。
tr	I	I want my children to know their family and they did well with me .
tr	I	The kids had been through enough without throwing an ugly custody battle at them , but her mother was right , of course .
tr	O	Bill 的意思很明确，并且隐含的威胁被理解了。
tr	O	27 芬恩在空荡荡的街道上开得很快，并且我们以创纪录的时间赶到了弗莱彻的家。
tr	O	米兰达尖叫起来，并且黛拉笑了。
tr	O	有什么东西把七号按在地上，并且他用空闲的手臂把它移开了。
tr	I	Joan had an arm up to block his path but Milton tried to avoid the question by walking around .
tr	O	她的刀片切断了他的耳朵，并且他摇晃着站不稳。
tr	O	她停止了凝视，并且当她这样做时我感到一股拉力离开我。
tr	O	今天早上，她的脸苍白得吓人，并且她的头发在我眼前似乎变稀了。
tr	O	淋浴的蒸汽很快包围了我，但是在我冲掉头发上的洗发水之前，我听到了门打开的声音。
tr	O	他一只手拿着一把木吉他，并且我意识到音乐就是从那里传来的。
tr	O	他试图大喊，但是已经太迟了。
tr	I	You can 't take such things lightly and you did sign them .
tr	O	他只是喜欢和我在一起，并且他只爱我的脏袜子。
tr	I	He was dragging it across the ground in apparent contempt , but he carried a banner as well .
tr	I	My tongue felt too big , but I swallowed again .
tr	O	我知道他没有我在这里已经赢了四次了，但是我不想离开他。
tr	O	棚屋里的光线太暗，她无法高效工作，并且临时搭的桌子太低了。
tr	I	I shook away a chill , and the cold medicine woke me .
tr	I	He intended to grab as much of it as possible , and Life offered more than that .
tr	I	It turns darker blue which means you want information with your service and run your fingers on this side .
tr	I	I 've forced myself to forget , or either someone doesn 't want me to remember .
tr	I	I jump , whirling toward the cliff with the flashlight darting across the rocks and Seth hollers .
tr	I	I 'd have no idea , and he could be anywhere in the massive house .
tr	O	刚收到的消息发件人ID是空白的，但是它被标记为紧急。
tr	O	雨还没有开始下，但是风已经很强了。
tr	O	麻木感早已消失，并且眼泪流得如此之快，我看不清模糊的一切。
tr	O	月亮高悬，并且她没有开任何灯。
tr	O	我想要全部，但是你必须自由地给予。
tr	I	My lips split in a hesitant smile , and the relief was still in his eyes .
tr	I	He opens the envelope and I appear beside Jackson .
tr	O	毫无疑问，他能在单人对决中战胜部落中的任何战士，并且他对阿林忠心耿耿。
tr	I	It was still visible , but the wasp 's body had slipped down several inches .
tr	I	I enjoyed being around them and the animals were my friends .
tr	I	The morgue people have them together like they 're a family , but Next to them is a man who lives two doors down .
tr	I	I was suddenly afraid for my friend , and I looked up into Angus ' hardening face .
tr	O	他坐在沙发的一端，并且卡特坐在他正对面。
tr	I	The room had the sickly sweet odor of blood , and the bed was soaked with blood .
tr	O	它不是一种颜色，或者它是她从未见过的颜色。
tr	O	他穿着增压服，面罩开着，坐在驾驶舱里。
tr	O	他们坐在沙滩上，并且尼尔正握着乔治的手。
tr	O	他的身体因极力克制而颤抖，但是重要的是他不能催促她。
tr	O	很快就只剩下艾丹和我了。
tr	O	他的心脏仍在因先前的剧烈运动而剧烈跳动，并且他感到因今天至今没有进食而虚弱。
tr	I	It kills me and I hear you .
tr	I	I take in a breath , and my eyes bolt open .
tr	O	我不是一个野孩子，但是我也不是一个宅女。
tr	I	He 'd done an amazing job , and I 'd come to Sebastian to make me feel better .
tr	I	From one shore he found himself looking out on the open sea , and he was placed , however , at the edge of this temporary archipelago .
tr	O	我的嘴巴发干，并且我的大脑一片空白，因为我感到被他们探究的目光困住了。
tr	O	守卫带着蕾玛穿过走廊，并且她的眼睛逐渐适应了。
tr	I	She was looking for it , but his hesitation was nearly imperceptible .
tr	I	He did pretty much whatever he wanted , and he had said he was going to .
tr	I	We disembark the plane , and she gets her purse .
tr	I	Julie didn 't even make an attempt to stop them and tears were flowing freely now .
tr	I	He was able to dodge between the debris , but more ceiling had come down in the hall .
tr	O	我用力地拉着他的头发，但是我的臀部已经不由自主地随着他的冲刺而摆动。
tr	O	他用手把我掰开，并且我感到了某个粗大的东西被强行塞进我体内，撕裂开来的那种坚硬而刺痛的疼痛。
tr	I	I knew that if I kissed Josie , the same would probably happen , and it had worked without exception .
tr	I	He wasn 't moving but his eyes were open .
tr	I	He felt his eyes closing involuntarily , in the sunlight , and he had been up for most of the previous night .
tr	I	She fell onto my chest and Savanna let out tiny cries .
tr	I	The idea of Rebecca being near that man again made his skin crawl , but it was brilliant if it worked .
tr	O	我爸爸似乎知道，但是他没有告诉我任何事。
tr	O	我能看出他想告诉他们我所描述的那个鬼魂，但是他没有。
tr	O	我猛地从座位上弹起，并且杰西卡睁大的眼睛让一股热辣的恐惧滑过我的喉咙。
tr	O	她很高兴他们最终似乎相信了她，但是她仍然对他们感到一些怨恨。
tr	I	It did miss him , but it only missed him by only inches .
tr	O	我试图告诉她我没事，但是她说我需要休息。
tr	I	Someone swear in disbelief and I reached the front of the house just as I heard the back door slam open .
tr	I	He didn 't take George 's brash success at all well and you see Edward was the steady one .
tr	I	Another soldier stepped up to help hold him , but he tried to tug it free .
tr	O	从噪音判断，她在一家俱乐部里，并且那不是你常去玩宾果游戏的那种地方。
tr	I	Then he understood , but at first he thought the smoke had been stirred by the passing craft 's rotor wash .
tr	O	我很高兴我们保持了距离，但是试图在雪中移动几乎是不可能的。
tr	I	I imagined this was what it felt like , but Chapter One Logan I 'd never been shot .
tr	O	医生在第二个月后向他们俩保证他们没有什么可担心的，但是他们还是选择暂不告诉任何人。
tr	O	艾米丽试图往窗外看，她知道闪电就在附近击中了，但是一片漆黑。
tr	I	She didn 't quite know how , but he had changed his form again .
tr	I	We pondered the effects of our single enterprise , and the seed of fear was planted .
tr	O	我们吃完了，并且天色渐渐暗了。
tr	I	Before she could say a word his mouth was on her , there , kissing her most sensitive flesh and he slid down between her thighs .
tr	O	我的手出汗了，并且我将手掌在我的黑裙上蹭了蹭。
tr	O	她的妈妈总是看起来比实际年龄年轻，并且她那浓密、齐肩的栗色头发一直是凯蒂一直渴望拥有的。
tr	I	She meant every word , but that might sound melodramatic .
tr	O	我们得先让警察和医护人员处理。
tr	I	She walked straight in without knocking and the door was open .
tr	O	我确实有男朋友，并且我不应该在这里。
tr	I	Watching it gives me a headache , and people have their hands all over each other , skin to skin .
tr	O	整个城市都会感受到，并且许多人会误以为是地震。
tr	O	我不知道我是怎么做到的，但是我还会继续做下去。
tr	I	Scarlett was surprised to find a warm tingling inside her chest , and soon they were trekking forward again .
tr	I	She wanted him to tell her , but she pretty much knew the answer .
tr	O	他的表情依然严肃，但是她觉得她在他眼中捕捉到了一丝顽皮的光芒。
tr	I	Thomas kept silent , and she stomped away .
tr	I	After a meal of travel rations Heather was soon asleep and fatigue , however , easily won out .
tr	O	他那时有能力把你从湖里移走，但是他想惩罚你。
tr	O	他本只想盯着穿比基尼的艾拉看几个小时，并且结果却变得相当居家。
tr	O	凯拉坐在房间的另一边，并且海文开始穿过自助餐厅。
tr	O	他开始放松对她的抓握，但是特莎用手抓住了他的手腕。
tr	I	His dealing was low-level , but he was on narcotics ' radar .
tr	I	That 's just petty , but I want to say like you .
tr	I	How he 'd missed her , and here was his friend again .
tr	I	She shivered , and Alice could hear the waves below , pounding against the rocks .
tr	I	Although the protozoa can infect all mammals , it can only reproduce in felines and cats are the primary host for Toxoplasma .
tr	I	No words came out but I tried to speak .
tr	I	A lot of articles wrote about it , and I wrote his name in the searcher .
tr	O	她的双腿以不自然姿势弯曲着，并且她的手臂被绑在身后。
tr	I	The words just wouldn 't come , but I opened my mouth to tell him that .
tr	O	她可能有一部分超自然能力，但是她仍然有一部分是人类。
tr	I	Tonight he seemed content to go at my speed , but I was surprised that he hadn 't insisted on taking the wheel .
tr	O	随着抽泣声不断涌出，我几乎无法呼吸，但是我设法在句子之间进行了短促的呼吸。
tr	I	His lips curved generously , and his chin was rounded .
tr	I	Everyone on the ground turned to the church and the music stopped .
tr	O	吉内特放进CD，并且他们听了一会儿。
tr	O	这些守卫很高，并且他们中没有人看起来像土耳其人。
tr	O	第十八章 到下周三，我已掌控了我大部分的力量，但是我的眼睛仍然是同样明亮的绿色。
tr	O	她的手机响了，并且她紧张地看了看它。
tr	I	There just wasn 't much to say , but I wanted to argue against it more .
tr	I	She felt too light-headed to draw away , but having him so close to her was sending little shivers through her nerves .
tr	I	I took it , and she put my stuff in a bag .
tr	I	Then lightning struck the foothills in view from the dormer , and somehow the light bulb seemed considerably more dim .
tr	O	他不得不更频繁地休息，但是他睡不着。
tr	I	Her heartbeat grew so faint that not even the little people could hear it anymore and the attack was so vicious that Mother Earth bled .
tr	O	他们说北方人粗鲁，但是你比我们更甚。
tr	O	她对她父亲扬了扬眉，并且他也立刻扬了扬眉。
tr	I	There he was , and I turned , searching !
tr	O	向达妮卡耳语，并且她点头。
tr	I	I have quite a few suspicions about its origin , and I had a flash of inspiration at that point .
tr	O	安娜贝尔用手指梳理我的头发，并且我把脸埋在她的颈窝里。
tr	O	无畏派通常不理解克制，并且乌利亚只认识无畏派。
tr	I	His smile grew even more serene , and David sipped his coffee .
tr	O	它可能没有被发现，但是却有线索。
tr	I	I 'm going to eradicate it and I caused this problem .
tr	O	索菲亚试图向前迈步，但是那个“滑头”把她拽了回去。
tr	O	他的嘴唇动了，但是他开始窒息。
tr	O	我知道狼人是什么意思，并且那并非如此。
tr	O	病房的门开了，并且蒂亚站起来得如此之快以至于她摇晃了一下。
tr	O	她在他房子的一楼，并且她听到地下室传来一些噪音。
tr	I	The stars shined brightly and the moon twinkled above .
tr	I	She would be kicked out of basic or she needed to qualify on her rifle .
tr	I	Her face was dull and her eyes were languid .
tr	O	每个人都开始在房间里走动，并且一些年轻人开始跳舞。
tr	O	恶魔合拢双手，并且一个巨大的火球出现了。
tr	O	上方赫然可见巨大的树木，但是它们却不像森林里的树木。
tr	I	He 'd been the one to transform her , and he 'd found her .
tr	O	吗啡从未能止住那剧烈的疼痛，并且我不断地乞求更多。
tr	I	She framed my face with a few and Loose curls were artfully allowed to escape the twist .
tr	I	She 'd worry about that after she got away , but her head still hurt painfully .
tr	I	She was flopping in them but Pierre had managed to get her a pair of shoes to protect her feet .
tr	I	I believe she is in a better place , but I am very sorry for your dear mother .
tr	I	It 's already there , but she runs a hand over her hair like she wants to pull it over her shoulder again .
tr	O	我父亲把我培养得很理性，但是我在这里的经历却改变了这一点。
tr	O	我对她扬了扬眉毛，并且她笑了。
tr	I	It was coming at him incredibly fast , but it was small , like a child .
tr	I	He eyed me suspiciously , and his head popped up .
tr	I	That provides a huge secret to the success of these products ; and the deer you fed were on their way to the water tank .
tr	O	有个女人死了，而且你却表现得好像没什么大不了的。
tr	O	它不需要很长，但是如果你做了，这对我来说意义重大。
tr	I	That wasn 't what she had meant at all , and to give him such a lead-in was tantamount to an invitation .
tr	O	他的悲伤已经变成了愤怒，并且这种由愤怒激发的冲动使他的身体泛起一层红色的微光。
tr	O	离学校开学还有一个小时，并且迈克通常会拖延到最后一刻。
tr	I	I tugged at him to put me down , and he ran toward it .
tr	O	他肯定是在调情，并且她肯定很喜欢。
tr	O	我们确实在一些地方有权限，但是我们可能永远无法确定是谁对谁说了什么。
tr	O	你除了引起我们的注意，什么都没做。
tr	O	狱卒再次照我说的做了，并且我开始放松了一些。
tr	O	有人知道流亡者会回来，并且他们已经知道这事有一段时间了。
tr	O	与此同时，我会保守你的秘密，但是你必须和我待在一起。
tr	O	科学家们把实验室保护得很好，并且有很多人可能会被杀。
tr	O	她脸色苍白，并且这让我很担心。
tr	I	I imagined it because I wanted her to , or I swore she yelled over it .
tr	I	Draw back one of the curtains , looking out , and I move to the window overlooking the front street .
tr	O	我爸爸对待特雷弗就像他是一宗犯罪调查的主要嫌疑人，并且我知道他使用了他的能力。
tr	O	他感觉到数百双眼睛盯着他，并且这一切感觉像一场梦。
tr	I	They would suit his purpose well , and these were dangerous times in Salem .
tr	I	My chest was heaving as I looked at him and the sun was hot .
tr	O	布里没有心情玩游戏，但是她能看出他有心情。
tr	O	罗布双臂交叉，并且他看起来很阴沉。
tr	O	我又吃了一点早餐，但是我更累而不是饿，所以我又上楼了。
tr	I	I beat him to it , but he started to answer me .
tr	O	一个模糊的挣扎念头闪过我的脑海，但是我的身体几乎不听使唤。
tr	O	我们都需要治愈，但是到某个时候我们必须重建我们的力量。
tr	I	We fear the kidnapper could strike again soon , and his symptoms are on par with someone who has witnessed a violent crime .
tr	O	他交了很多新朋友，但是其中有一个尤其成为了他一生的挚友。
tr	O	加里做到了，但是他每天都设法，通过一些小方式，来考验我。
tr	I	The latest attrition rate went beyond the tolerable , but colonists expected casualties while they subdued this planet .
tr	I	The car just farts along inconspicuously , but there 's a loud , creepy ratcheting , like some massive clockwork grinding beneath you .
tr	O	我以前曾与冰匕首交手过，但是即便我也倾向于避免站在飞刀的受击端。
tr	O	我们的目光相遇，并且查理无声地说出“狗屎”这个词。
tr	O	他将车挂入前进挡，并且我们沿着拥挤的街道驶去。
tr	I	There was White Shirt , and the doors slid open .
tr	O	卡莉忍住了笑，当时纸张飞得到处都是，并且那男人摔倒在地板上。
tr	O	我看到你为此付出了很多努力，并且我敢打赌你为此花费了大量时间。
tr	O	塔维感到自己的眼睛因沮丧的泪水而模糊，并且他用一只袖子狠狠地擦拭着它们。
tr	O	随着接下来的几年过去，她不再来访，并且她也很少回复我的信。
tr	I	Before now , there had been a way up to this floor , but if it had been , then that meant that after the event .
tr	O	他的目光与我的交汇，并且我垂下了眼睫。
tr	I	That voice tells me to go and I answer to a higher voice than any here .
tr	O	斯科特，不过，已经变成了一个越来越愤怒的年轻人，并且他把那份愤怒发泄在了索耶身上。
tr	I	It was my fault , and the thing in the dark had gotten my little brother , a six-year-old child .
tr	I	Jared , once again , let his finger off the button , but when it was at chin level , Ryan addressed me .
tr	O	他盯着她看，并且那种转变席卷了他。
tr	I	I wanted payment for that , and something precious was taken away .
tr	I	Instantly , Julie looked about for Greg , and they followed her voice inside .
tr	O	这种漂泊的生活让他刮胡子的次数更少了，并且他正在蓄胡子的路上。
tr	O	他可能在那家州立福利院得到了很好的照料，但是他需要知道他还有其他选择。
tr	I	I turned on the engine and he held my hand .
tr	O	她走出卧室时把长袍裹紧了，并且她看到他们时停了下来。
tr	I	Her lips parted in surprise and she blinked .
tr	O	即使媒体没有引用整封信，他们也无法将其篡改得面目全非，或者她只是如此希望。
tr	I	We might be able to keep it that way , and the press doesn 't know what happened last week .
tr	O	他让我陷入僵局，并且我很快就精疲力尽了。
tr	I	The pain wouldn 't allow even that much movement , but she tried peeking through narrow slits in her eyelids .
tr	I	I was calm as my wet fingers slid up the tiled wall , groping for a light switch , and those instincts were dead .
tr	O	我们进一步走进了门厅，并且那时她注意到了阿德里安。
tr	I	The idea of getting her underneath me did nothing for me , and her curves didn 't send my heart into a wild frenzy .
tr	I	He wouldn 't meet my eyes , but his tone was light as always .
tr	I	He doubted she was going to like many of them and he had a few things to say to her .
tr	O	他的眼睛暴露在外界的光线中，并且当他重新进入时，洞穴显得更暗了。
tr	O	她把牙齿咬进了下唇，并且他立刻用手捂住了她的嘴。
tr	O	她向后退去，枪仍然指着那个不法之徒，但是却也让山猫清楚地看到了他。
tr	I	Their owners quickly gravitated to the smaller group that had begun to form by the front doors , and several hands that had been up went down .
tr	O	我坐在我的书桌旁，并且洛拉把头放在我的大腿上。
tr	I	The shop remained devoid of life , but Dennis turned around .
tr	O	他很高兴乔什也很高兴，但是还有其他一些事情。
tr	I	There 's a trickle of blood seeping down the side of my cheek , but it 's not very large .
tr	I	That 's the least of my desires , but yeah , I want to have sex with her , too .
tr	I	His particular method of coping was to ignore them while snapping at everything that came in range , and Denver clearly had his problems .
tr	I	Her heart would be safe , and she knew she 'd never fall in love with him .
tr	I	Fear kept rolling around in his head , blocking the memory from coming forth , but he wanted to remember .
tr	I	I want to be a part of that , and we are in a time of great discovery .
tr	I	She wanted to use it to their advantage , and they had a little time ahead of them .
tr	I	You haven 't heard about the last shower yet ; but I can run a calculator as well as you .
tr	O	这把他击退了，并且达米安宣布我成功了。
tr	O	爸爸死了，而且我是下一个？
tr	O	她的舌头滑进了我的嘴里，而且我吮吸着它，享受着她口中巧克力的味道。
tr	O	他的眼睛瞪得大大的，充满恐惧，而且她感到自己的肌肉不自觉地绷紧了。
tr	O	庞德从未想过未来会成为一名史莱姆设计师，但是每个人都必须从某个地方开始。
tr	O	她的脸红了，而且她抓住了鲍勃的手臂，试图将他的手从她的气道上掰开。
tr	I	You are also a walking target , but you are unique .
tr	I	Ryder locked the door behind them , and then they entered a small apartment .
tr	O	我身后，我听到了更多跑步者的脚步声，但是我没有理会他们。
tr	I	Her lungs are only operating at approximately ten percent capacity , but her internal organs are still functioning somehow .
tr	I	He hugged her back , and she hugged him tightly .
tr	I	There was no need , but she opened her mouth to scream .
tr	O	我试图从他身边挣脱，但是我做不到。
tr	I	I put on the mechanical gills once again and we both walked towards the river removing our B.T. .
tr	O	我的头像个瓜一样弹跳着，而且世界陷入一片黑暗。
tr	I	I did , and I wanted to make my own way .
tr	O	最终，在你遇见王子之后我看到了你身上的一丝火花，但是我的任何尝试都无法唤醒你内在的力量。
tr	O	我仍然不饿，但是这酒尝起来不错。
tr	O	门关上了，并且电梯开始坠落。
tr	I	She never showed him the same affection but James had a thing for Sarah in the past .
tr	I	Sam 's hand on hers helped calm her down , but Dianna 's heart jumped .
tr	I	His hands shook as he swept back her hair , and his forehead fell to rest against hers .
tr	I	You know they couldn 't outrun you and they 're already shaped like a drumstick .
tr	O	我有预感马克斯·里奇是个很棒的合作对象，并且我知道我的一些歌词会让他满意。
tr	O	我知道他旷课了，但是他告诉我不用担心，所以我没有。
tr	O	他嘲笑我的愤怒，并且他俯身再次咬我的乳头。
tr	I	Mind bending , and it was amazing .
tr	O	我的声音沙哑了，并且我知道他会听出我在撒谎。
tr	O	一切看起来和我以前见过的任何风景都没有太大不同，但是这一天还没有结束。
tr	I	It is not silent like this , and it does not blaze with light like this .
tr	I	He sat down on the bed again , and Michael 's face took on hard lines .
tr	O	我的目光落在他纤细的腰上，并且我的心稀烂了。
tr	O	尼尔转过身去，但是安德鲁更快。
tr	I	He 's been well trained , and he 's survived the Nazis .
tr	I	Alexander felt Olivia 's body begin to tighten around him and her breathing became more erratic .
tr	O	我开始摇头，但是她已经摇起头来了。
tr	O	她不知道自己为什么要那么说，但是当时似乎很有道理。
tr	I	The old bat at the phone desk wouldn 't let her use the phone but Jenny wanted to talk to you herself .
tr	O	这不会容易，但是它必须完成。
tr	I	She was not with them , either ; but a Soft One could not pass on except when the whole triad did .
tr	O	他的手离她很近，但是你可以轻易看到房间里奇妙的蓝色光辉。
tr	I	To check the tapes but there was nothing for it .
tr	O	我看得出她哭过，并且我立刻觉得自己像个混蛋。
tr	O	这个夏天管好娜娜已经够难了，而且那时她的身体问题甚至对娜娜自己来说都很明显。
tr	O	如果亚当·皮尔斯得到了它，他也会变成一个火柱，并且我们所有人都会和他一起燃烧。
tr	O	我一直生活在时间限制下，而且这就像有人在偷你的生命。
tr	O	他说其他人不会怀疑他，并且他们会放过我。
tr	O	我能听到房子里传来的声音，并且我感觉自己要吐了。
tr	I	He was anxious to share them with the jury and he was a man of many opinions .
tr	I	I did like a normal civilized human being and Chapter Twelve He gestures for a hand shake .
tr	O	它是一个光谱，并且每个人都在这个光谱上有自己的位置。
tr	I	She was not as delighted with her success as Royce supposed , but Jennifer was not unaware that she 'd managed to ruin the journey for him .
tr	O	我说这话并非轻率，但是毫无疑问你已经听过这些故事了。
tr	I	He froze and she flinched from the sudden movement .
tr	I	Immediately lighted his fireplace , turning down the lamps so the flickering of the fire could provide some tangible comfort , and Reuben hated the rain .
tr	I	Even they knew to stay out of his way , and the only people who were welcome on his ranch were the ones who worked there .
tr	O	一大群蝙蝠飞了出来，并且玛蒂尔达尖叫起来，这让我很惊讶，因为我本以为她会喜欢蝙蝠。
tr	O	咒骂仍然让她感到那恼人的一丝刺痛，并且她因不知道原因而抓狂。
tr	I	A wave of euphoria pulsed through me , and his lips brushed against the top of my head as he carried me to his bed .
tr	I	They were close to the airport , and the cab was still in motion .
tr	O	我以前从未那样被相机对着脸，并且我从未如此被限制在一个地方。
tr	I	He knew it and he was clutching at straws .
tr	I	You conjured up a way of doing so and you knew that you needed to get to the surface .
tr	O	她注意到他没有向乔丹道歉，但是她觉得最好暂时不要管这件事。
tr	O	那些是原来的陶土砖，而且我敢打赌它们将不可能被替换。
tr	O	我原以为他会在沙发上，但是他却躺在冰冷坚硬的地板上。
tr	I	It was the biting pain in her backside that had made her react so violently , but she 'd felt his hand hit her back .
tr	O	亚历山大，我讨厌写这封信，但是我现在知道这封信非写不可。
tr	O	他对我眨眼，并且我记起了他的礼物。
tr	I	He gazed down at her , and his head lifted .
tr	I	I wouldn 't give him the satisfaction , but I wanted to laugh at the word .
tr	O	我们以前尝试过休战，并且她试图给我买咖啡。
tr	O	门外电话铃声响起，并且德维尔先生谈论着执教足球——平常的事情——而她则专注于自己的呼吸。
tr	I	His gut settled a little , but he didn 't turn around .
tr	O	当我们走到走廊尽头时，通道豁然开朗，并且我们站在一个被荆棘环绕的小石窟边缘。
tr	I	I 'm not inferior and I 'm not a criminal .
tr	I	He disappeared into the pen , and the heavy door swung open .
tr	I	The air around him seemed to crackle with electricity , and she could see the excitement building in his eyes .
tr	O	汤米想纠正她，说出真相，但是他太累了。
tr	I	I don 't remember the last time I ate and I feel a wall of dizziness slam into me .
tr	O	他的枪不见了，但是她不知道它是否被偷了。
tr	I	My heart beat pushed the boundaries of normal , threatening to rip itself from my chest and my breath sped .
tr	O	他试图让自己的表情看起来更阴沉，但是这没有奏效。
tr	I	I went back to the machine shop , and Sarah went in search of her gunners to fill them in .
tr	I	I may have , but I didn 't mean to hurt him .
tr	I	She felt like her heart would burst with joy and Today was the day she would marry Reed .
tr	O	保罗以为饥饿感一定在袭来，并且能量水平正受到影响。
tr	O	我再也哭不出来了，而且我也无法看着她哭。
tr	O	他不情愿地来度假了，而且他的工作也随之而来。
tr	O	他打开了扬声器，并且一首歌开始播放。
tr	O	我只瞥了一眼，但是 我看到你吻他了。
tr	I	I felt like I was going to die of pleasure , and my fingers grabbed the sheets as his tongue continued to enter me .
tr	I	I knew that he could never get to the boy in time , but a guard in the tower saw what had happened .
tr	I	I took it as a gift that he did not hit me upon entering , but I didn 't like him in the house .
tr	I	They were also deadly , but they were walking cliches .
tr	I	Pia made use of it to compose herself , and Tamara handed her a tissue .
tr	I	The tension locked it away , but something troubled Gray , something nagging .
tr	O	他花了一点时间试图镇定下来，但是 他失败了。
tr	O	我能感受到迈克尔的担忧，并且 我理解它。
tr	O	他的声音带着恼怒，而且他让我更想起赞恩。
tr	I	His answers didn 't add up and I was asking him questions about what he 'd written .
tr	O	11号巴达以前累过很多次，但是 这种筋疲力尽的感觉对他来说是陌生的。
tr	O	我的膝盖一软，并且 我靠在长凳上以保持直立。
tr	I	He smelled like an open sewer , and Din was filthy .
tr	I	I realized she 'd misinterpreted my anger , and she frowned .
tr	O	他无法逐字逐句地听懂那些广播，但是 他推断出其中肯定有一条是关于他的火车抵达的。
tr	O	布恩没有回应，但是 他笑了。
tr	O	人们似乎被不安麻痹了，并且狗似乎在等待什么。
tr	O	我不是他的第一个男朋友，但是我是他能向自己承认的第一个。
tr	I	It caused the air around him to sizzle and the power of the being was undeniable .
tr	I	Now I felt I had the right , but I would never have asked about security in the past .
tr	I	We all took our seats at the table and I patted him on the back .
tr	I	Celaena struck , ramming her fist into his arm , sending the blade soaring through the air , but he swung .
tr	O	一道肌肉波纹沿着理查德的手臂绷紧，但是他声音的稳定语调没有改变。
tr	I	I don 't argue , but his words startle me .
tr	I	People were eating dinner outdoors , and the restaurants were all open .
tr	I	Now there was no choice , but he 'd never dared to .
tr	O	如果那是火灾，他们会多一点希望，但是灰尘对他们来说似乎有点永久。
tr	I	I needed him as badly as he needed me , and he was my Finn .
tr	I	Whoever she was with had seen us together at some point , and Allie was close .
tr	O	德克兰的眉毛扬了起来，并且他的嘴巴微微张开。
tr	I	For a moment I couldn 't breathe , and panic flooded me .
tr	I	I don 't want to be more specific , and I 'm sorry to drop this on you .
tr	I	A t-shirt pulled over a thermal and he 's wearing jeans .
tr	I	We have to cross off one thing at least once a week and if it 's on the list , we have to do it .
tr	I	Every ounce of him wanted to be there when it happened , and she was going to be something amazing .
tr	O	他按下了钥匙上的蜂鸣器，并且电动门在他面前滑开了。
tr	I	Eve 's relationship like it was a done deal and Donovan glanced at Eve , taking in her reaction to Garrett speaking of his .
tr	I	The glint of approval warmed her to her toes and his eyes widened .
tr	I	Part of me already knew , but I started to ask why she thought she wouldn 't be punished .
tr	O	她的耳朵嗡嗡作响，并且她把手捂在头上，试图堵住噪音。
tr	O	我试图向前移动，但是医护人员把我推了回去。
tr	I	Fishing was his quiet time , but he did all kinds of other stuff with me .
tr	O	我经历过阿富汗战火纷飞的山丘，但是没有什么比向他人敞开心扉，结果却支离破碎更可怕的了。
tr	O	这让我想起我曾想问她什么，但是那必须等等。
tr	O	它不会是蓝蜡的，但是他会知道这是我给的。
tr	O	她的心因恐惧而砰砰直跳，并且她担心她可能过度解读了他们晚餐时的对话。
tr	O	奇怪，并且开始感觉非常像家了。
tr	O	她高中时在女子垒球队曾是全州明星，并且她的击球曾相当传奇。
tr	I	Now it rotated on a different axis , and her entire life had been thrown off kilter .
tr	O	她开始猛地关门，但是我用手掌挡住了它。
tr	O	有些不对劲，并且那吓到了我。
tr	O	已经太晚了，具体是什么我不想去想，但是我的直觉告诉我，我已经达到了自制力的极限。
tr	I	I wondered if I needed to get a second job and my hours were being cut back due to the slower season .
tr	I	Already he was tired of feeling like a failure in his own home , and his wife had been gone less than a month .
tr	O	布莱克认为此时此刻已经无所谓了，但是他仍然想抓住那个侵犯萨曼莎隐私的人。
tr	O	他认命地伸出手，并且我把他拉到了甲板上。
tr	I	I had obligations with the election , but he wanted to immediately come here .
tr	O	在她母亲眼里，一切都必须是完美无缺的，并且杰克·马奎尔是这片风景中的一大污点。
tr	I	The myth Irene had briefly covered during my time at Eden Manor surfaced from its hiding spot in the back of my mind , and I frowned .
tr	O	你会觉得身为女王应该已经习惯了被关注，但是那显然不是她的舒适区。
tr	I	With Claire watching , that would hardly make a good impression , but his first instinct was to kick it .
tr	O	他的整张脸在几秒钟内变得苍白，并且他离开了我的身体，猛扑向我的电脑。
tr	O	我撑起身体坐了起来，并且华纳挪动身体来配合我。
tr	I	Part of my job is to rehab you , but I can 't force you , of course .
tr	I	I cut him off , but he started to answer .
tr	I	He carried it with him during the day , but Sebastian had a laptop .
tr	O	我的头枕在柔软的草地上，并且我记得世界又一次发生了偏移。
tr	O	我能听到他打开手表时那轻轻的咔哒声，并且他一看到里面，声音就立刻低了下来。
tr	O	农舍里弥漫着新鲜出炉面包的香味，并且立体音响里正轻柔地播放着一首比莉·哈乐黛的歌。
tr	O	西尔维亚抓住他的手，并且他转过身来。
tr	I	She would be fun , but she was a real smart-ass .
tr	O	她那双黑色的眼睛很美，并且尽管它们散发着调皮，但那一刻它们一点也不高兴。
tr	I	I can 't see them anywhere but I look around for the Masons .
tr	O	他考虑过直接解雇他，但是他已经把那些采摘工惹恼了。
tr	O	他放慢了速度，并且迈尔斯爵士出现在他上方，一步迈下六级台阶。
tr	O	也许我最好从二楼出去，但是现在还早，后面的走廊几乎空无一人。
tr	O	现在看起来太短的短裤，但是那是我一直穿来睡觉的。
tr	O	火焰穿透了我的头颅，立刻刺向我的大脑，并且一道道火焰正在撕裂着它。
tr	I	The credits were rolling , but Kali could see nothing past the two men .
tr	O	她害怕来这里，而且现在她害怕离开了。
tr	O	只有一个人有这个号码，并且它只能用来传达关键信息。
tr	O	黛利拉把手伸进布恩的手中，然后他们朝门口走去。
tr	I	She wouldn 't have been safe from Racer , but she might have been reasonably safe from the perils of Port Try Again .
tr	I	You can learn from it , but you can 't change it .
tr	O	她必须保证邦妮的安全，但是那意味着要把斯特凡，那个温柔的斯特凡，任由信一摆布。
tr	I	They had good reason to believe so , and at least that seemed to be the opinion of most people .
tr	I	He couldn 't shake it and an odd feeling suddenly came over him .
tr	I	She plowed on , but his eyes snapped back toward her , horrified .
tr	O	我的嘴巴发干，并且我试图吞咽。
tr	I	They were always getting robbed , and people were constantly stealing gas .
tr	O	宇宙富含原材料，并且如果你已经有适当的系统来开采它们，你就可以这样做。
tr	I	They gave him more sips of the brandy and sometimes his face would crease up with pain .
tr	O	如果他必须留下货物的一半，那也无妨，但是告诉他最好不要留下超过那个数量。
tr	I	It reeled him steadily toward the side of the lagoon , and a long strand of kelp wrapped his middle .
tr	I	Two work boots came into view and L.J. whispered as Harvey 's door opened .
tr	I	Jared 's father looked away and the taxi driver looked uncomfortable .
tr	O	我喜欢我的感官被敏锐化的时候，并且花朵浓郁宜人的气味让我感到一阵狂喜。
tr	I	There 's some balloons to blow up and I have a couple of banners to put up .
tr	I	Her parents had long since stopped requesting her presence at these functions , and this wasn 't normally her type of party .
tr	O	爱丽丝被改变时已经怀孕了，并且爸爸怀疑亨利是孩子的父亲。
tr	I	She questioned her wisdom of saving the attempt for last and her arm was throbbing .
tr	O	我试图点头，但是我做不到。
tr	I	He let my hand go and I stepped on his feet .
tr	O	把一顶牛仔帽扣在他头上，并且他就是《GQ》杂志版的该死的万宝路男人。
tr	I	Jules bowed and we caught an older couple laughing at us .
tr	I	I knew there was a very real chance I would be caught , and I knew it was risky .
tr	I	I 'll explain and ' Be quiet a minute , please .
tr	I	He must have recognized me , but I opened my mouth to introduce myself .
tr	O	我快速浏览了每一层，但是只有我们上面那层有任何细节。
tr	I	It involved ice cream and I could get out of the house .
tr	O	如果她能站立，她就能走路，并且如果她能走路，她就能跑步。
tr	I	At least he replied , but his replies were curt .
tr	O	我记得我的船员们，那些幸存者的零星影像，但是那些影像现在对我来说也变得模糊了。
tr	O	她裸露光滑的身体紧贴着他的左侧，并且她纤细的手臂搭在他的胸前。
tr	I	He hesitated and she asked for his .
tr	I	He wanted me to know my place , and Granddad had very old-fashioned notions about things .
tr	O	小包裹从她视线中消失了，并且传来一阵纸张的窸窣声。
tr	I	Many travelers brought many thirsts -- and one could rationalize this proportion by noting that this street was the road from Ft. Leavenworth to Ft. Riley .
tr	O	蓝灰色的眼睛闪闪发光，并且他的嘴角仅带着一丝顽皮的微笑。
tr	O	我想我不能怪你，但是我发誓我只是想帮忙。
tr	I	She didn 't go running to the door as she normally would but Arie hopped up off the couch .
tr	I	They didn 't budge , but Barton motioned for them to lead .
tr	O	我看到敌人过去了：无尽行进的兽人队伍；还有大群骑着巨狼的部队。
tr	O	霍伊特空闲时无所适从，并且杰森总是在搞些什么。
tr	O	他对他们说话，但是我们没有停下。
tr	O	她觉得她不能再饿太久了，并且她确信乔什失血过多。
tr	I	Probably never would -- and he hadn 't even looked at me .
tr	O	瑞安农迅速跟上，但是所有人都给她让开了路。
tr	O	她渴望知道威尔弗雷德会说什么，但是她无法从床上起身去弄清楚。
tr	O	国王远道而来，并且他们却病得无法察觉。
tr	O	我当时二十一岁，并且我在杜克大学。
tr	O	它轰隆隆地向前开动，没有等我们坐下，并且他抓我抓得更紧了。
tr	O	马洛里窃笑了一声，但是当凯彻冲进厨房时，她的笑容消失了。
tr	O	他有钥匙，并且他打开了门，没有费心去敲门。
tr	I	I wasn 't going to let him sidetrack me taking it personally , but his tone was scathing .
tr	I	So , the molten lead gradually oozing from his ears or he sat alone in silence for five minutes .
tr	I	I didn 't know , but she seemed a little better .
tr	O	皮特逃离了他的公寓，因为他的租金涨到了天文数字般高得令人难以置信的数目，并且他拖欠了好几个月的房租。
tr	O	突然枪声响起，并且弗兰克从马上摔了下来。
tr	O	斯图尔特婚姻幸福，并且他不害怕拥抱自己的情感。
tr	O	事实上，我很确定那不是毒品，但是我认为有某种其他交易正在进行。
tr	O	其他女孩也去了，但是我甚至都没怎么听到它们。
tr	O	他需要谈论这件事，并且艾什需要从自己的生活中找点事来分散注意力。
tr	O	她背诵了一串数字，并且我把它们输入到我的手机里。
tr	I	No more than that , our time was over , but I would see her off in my Royal capacity .
tr	I	She rolled me over , settling herself over me triumphantly , and my hold on Lili dropped .
tr	O	医生们在场，但是他们无法满足需求。
tr	I	His eyes flickered black , and his voice went lower .
tr	O	每张桌子都坐满了，并且男人们靠墙站着。
tr	O	赛勒没怎么说话，但是我一直紧握着她的手。
tr	O	马特·贝克很想问莱斯利她认为自己的名声是什么，但是他决定不问。
tr	O	他的眼睛是淡褐色的，并且他的头发接近白金色，像我妈妈的。
tr	O	我们现在是一个家庭了，而且我非常需要你。
tr	I	I figured it might just be him trying to reassure himself , but I wanted to ask him how he was so sure .
tr	O	他跨到她大腿之间，并且她的手自动抬起，仿佛要挡开他。
tr	O	我想到被刺穿可能比被撕裂是更好的死法，并且我希望她能扑向那些锋利的尖刺。
tr	O	在接下来的几周里，保罗拒绝和他说话，并且马克也没有试图弥补。
tr	O	坐起来，埃琳娜揉了揉眼睛，并且她随后笑了。
tr	O	我的嘴巴干了，并且我的喉咙也收紧了。
tr	I	I was still exhausted , despite having gone to bed at nearly 9 pm and it was 5 am .
tr	I	They think the trees will cause subsidence in the embankment , and the track east of town is elevated on a bank .
tr	I	I was irrational , but it was satisfying .
tr	O	婴儿的哭声又响了起来，并且我吓得跳了起来，尖叫着。
tr	I	Claire felt goosebumps rise on her arms beneath her jacket and suddenly a roar cut through the silence .
tr	I	She had no doubt that Simon believed it was , but she knew her post-pregnancy body was far from perfect .
tr	O	艾米丽的脸上露出灿烂的笑容，并且她高兴地敲打着方向盘。
tr	O	迈克尔拿了一个，并且我拿了第二个，只是为了陪他。
tr	I	She 's calm , but she 's still wary .
tr	O	我把自己挤回小角落里，但是它对我来说实在不够宽。
tr	O	那些恶棍不在瞬移器上，但是他猜他们会在附近。
tr	O	他打偏了，并且那个闪亮的圆筒砰地一声撞过油毡。
tr	O	她的黑发终于长到合适的长度了，并且她的心情也随着她继续端详自己的容貌而开朗起来。
tr	O	我们是世界的一部分，但是我们却被逐出了它。
tr	O	蛋糕仍然是温热的，并且旁边的那勺冰淇淋开始融化了。
tr	O	有个声音在叫喊，但是这与我无关。
tr	O	对任何其他人，我都会对那个问题感到恼火，但是从艾登口中说出来，却让我更爱他了。
tr	I	Neither smiled as she approached their desk , but they were dressed in the same uniforms .
tr	I	The FBI is looking at you for mob activity and Joe Fortuna 's in some kind of mess .
tr	O	我们住在明尼苏达州的一个小镇狼溪，并且我妈妈在我们家里开了一家日托所。
tr	I	His team took the cue to follow him and he inclined his head toward the bunker entrance .
tr	I	Their lips met , and he raised himself up on his elbows just as she leaned down .
tr	O	我在外表上可能仍然看起来像莉拉·哈特，但是内心是时候成为凯蒂·多伊了。
tr	I	They laughed , and she blurted .
tr	O	梅兰妮看着他，但是他却直视前方。
tr	O	这个女人来这里寻找糖果，并且她和黛拉吵起来了。
tr	O	传送门吱呀一声打开了，并且三个男人走了出来。
tr	I	My head falls back against the mattress and I cry out as I arc into him .
tr	O	有人——不，他不能看，但是他无法将它从脑海中抹去。
tr	O	我是他的独生子，并且我一生都被培养来统治。
tr	O	鲁本对此没意见，然而她身上有些东西却突然让他感到奇怪。
tr	I	There was no sign of recognition from Kincaid but Caitlin greeted him with stiff formality .
tr	O	龙刚刚碰到她，并且她又在他手中融化，在他指尖下崩溃。
tr	O	当然，塞尔吉奥不得不和奥利维亚一起去度假，但是如果有人能搞定自己，那就是他。
tr	O	她的手抬了起来，并且她将手指缠绕在他的二头肌上。
tr	O	如果有人看到，她的名声就会受损，但是她对那种胡说八道没什么耐心。
tr	I	I talked and the other reporters were silent as Mike .
tr	O	卡拉更好地控制了自己的反应，并且她没有吵醒瑞秋。
tr	O	一分钟过去了，接着两分钟，并且什么也没改变。
tr	O	他的手指扎进我的肉里，但是疼痛只助长了我的怒火。
tr	I	A man bustled through behind the bar , and the main door had activated a chime .
tr	O	内尔似乎认真考虑了那件事，并且海伦感到自己开始放松下来。
tr	I	At the same time he felt drawn to her like a small nail is attracted by a giant magnet , but he saw her absent .
tr	O	他的手在毛巾下面消失了一会儿，并且她发现自己希望它会掉下来。
tr	I	He wasn 't entirely sure what he 'd told them , and his memories of the last few days were patchy at best .
tr	O	你让我分心了，并且我需要集中注意力。
tr	I	I know he 'd never hurt me on purpose , but maybe that should terrify me because of our bond .
tr	O	他的下巴紧绷，并且我忍住了想笑的冲动。
tr	I	She wanted , or Wherever he wanted .
tr	O	距离他们要在班级里表演只剩三个多月了，但是我正在倒数着日子。
tr	I	He clutched the unborn from within and the demon knew Iseo wanted the child inside of her more than her own life .
tr	O	我把手机递给她时看着屏幕，并且当我看到贾里德的名字时，差点又把它摔掉了。
tr	O	我可能错了，但是我认为我正在看我的出生证明。
tr	O	视频的副本在大多数主要城市的图书馆里，并且原件由全球空间理事会保管。
tr	O	片刻之后我点了点头，并且我们再次行动起来。
tr	I	He hadn 't seemed to bat an eyelash doing it and James had almost destroyed a young girl 's future for his own personal gain .
tr	O	他的脚与歌利亚的缠在了一起，就在他的力气开始流失时，并且他失去了抓力。
tr	I	It wasn 't ogling Allison and he had a job tonight .
tr	I	You know it 's quite officially and it is in all my documents .
tr	I	Unlike most impressions , they weren 't through the perspective of just one person , but Chapter 11 Images exploded across my mind .
tr	I	He never once made a move on her , but she wished it was .
tr	I	The bar dropped from the door and with a twist of his wrist the lock snapped open .
tr	I	Pete , also in his bathrobe , was walking back to the house in step with Preston and he had awakened Pete in his aircraft .
tr	I	His lips nuzzle my wet hair and his hands slide down my back .
tr	O	我怀疑我永远都无法治愈这种旅行癖，并且我乐于将我的一生奉献给无法满足它。
tr	I	She didn 't stop and she didn 't answer .
tr	I	He knew he didn 't have what it took to be good ... to be a hunter like he was but he was a good officer .
tr	I	One left the room in panic , and the two nurses began speaking then .
tr	I	Like his shirt , the top button of his pants was undone , and he 'd removed his belt .
tr	I	Simon quickly held up one hand to keep her where she was and she started toward him .
tr	I	They stepped through together , and he saw her take Alec 's hand .
tr	I	I 've had so many already , and one day is all I deserved .
tr	O	A.J.在他的怀里动了一下，并且当她的眼睛睁开时，他屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	I knew he was up to something and he had an ornery look on his face .
tr	I	He could bear that because despite its force , it was secondary to the horrible emptiness , but the pain was like being eaten alive .
tr	I	It drew out more of the intoxicating blood that was already swirling around the room , afflicting them all , but another small knick .
tr	O	这可能是狼人是罪魁祸祸的证据，因为他们喜欢成群结队地行动，但是这不是确凿的证据。
tr	I	I wanted to answer every damn one of them and I could see the questions in her eyes .
tr	O	他一开始就是个丑陋的年轻人，并且流口水也无法让他变得更好。
tr	I	There was a furtive , cunning quality about him as he stood over her , like predator over prey , but he should have looked protective .
tr	O	因为对我来说，开车意味着长大，并且我不想长大。
tr	O	有一面玻璃墙可以望进办公室，并且他的眼睛捕捉到了他走过时错过的一些东西。
tr	I	The bathroom was empty , but I glanced around behind us .
tr	I	Every file is appropriately color coded and every office tool has a place .
tr	I	It would be of little use , or he had to find the screen first .
tr	O	伊恩敲了敲门，并且门开了，露出了一个年轻人。
tr	O	光线变得模糊，并且视线内的一切都模糊了，除了她。
tr	O	他动了动嘴，好像他正要说些关于我长相的话，但是他没有发表评论。
tr	I	Drew was pulling her into his arms and soon the preacher was pronouncing them remarried .
tr	I	We followed as soon as we could and Tyler saw you get on the highway .
tr	I	They just had time to pile into a pickup driven by Jason Hamilton and Ruthie dragged him out to the parking lot .
tr	I	It seems that you have brought as our savior a bird of prey , and these are tough times .
tr	O	母亲曾警告过她关于齐克的事，并且夏洛特对她嗤之以鼻。
tr	I	He stared into my eyes deeply and our faces were nose to nose .
tr	O	锁咔哒一声开了，并且门向前摆动。
tr	I	I had the same amount that I would chip in and she had given me some money to do this .
tr	I	I 'll return tomorrow if I can , but my shift is nearing its end now .
tr	O	也许凯伦十二年前搞砸了晚餐，但是她肯定在此之后把它做得很完美。
tr	O	她听不到脚步声，但是那并不意味着什么。
tr	I	As I stroked his silken fur I felt myself relax somewhat , but my heart was beating hard .
tr	O	她站在入口处，并且他用双手捧住她的脸。
tr	O	那几声短暂的轻笑转变为一声长叹，并且她靠过来，直到额头抵在我的胸口。
tr	I	Then he hung up on me , and he asked .
tr	I	There stood an angel across the dark room , glowing softly , and I looked up from the ground where I lay .
tr	I	Eventually I was relieved to fly back to Washington State , and three weeks had seemed more like three years to me .
tr	O	我不知道我期待着什么，但是她并非我所期待的。
tr	O	没有迹象表明他们降落在了车站的哪个部门，但是以斯拉并不在意。
tr	O	格洛丽亚娜仍然对她微笑着，但是那笑容不再显得温暖了。
tr	O	回去的路不远，但是朱莉认为在他们缺乏光线指引之前开始行动是明智的。
tr	I	As soon as I was outside , I sat down , but Pride had gotten me off the floor of the gym .
tr	I	He stared at me a second , then leaned forward and his eyes went wide .
tr	O	抱歉，伊芙，但是那不是重点。
tr	I	Xavier was impressed and nikolas showed off the house 's cooling convection system .
tr	O	他的眼睛变得空洞，并且他静静地躺着。
tr	I	She felt if she ate anything , it would surely stick in her throat , but she hated wasting such well prepared food .
tr	I	Eve was used to it , but there was silence for the space of a few heartbeats .
tr	O	这次能听到犹大从里面某个地方发出悲鸣，但是仍然没有回应。
tr	O	蜡烛开始摇曳，并且房间变得更冷了。
tr	I	Still she said nothing -- offering only a smile , but Harry made sure Zoe saw him looking .
tr	I	It couldn 't have felt like this , but I had no doubt he 'd bred to keep the Wolf population up .
tr	I	My shoulders sagged in relief and once his door closed I let out the breath I 'd been holding .
tr	O	我不想再多想他们的密切关系，但是有些事情不对劲。
tr	O	你与邪恶之人为伍，而且你甚至堕落到他们的水平。
tr	O	汽车停了下来，并且阿曼达摇下了车窗。
tr	I	It was equally sexy that he wasn 't exactly one of them , but it was nice that he could hang with the boys .
tr	I	The number goes up each year , and last year our country spent six billion on medical costs directly related to smoking .
tr	I	I 've done just fine , but I might be cynical when it comes to relationships .
tr	I	I thought it was going very well and I began to speak .
tr	I	The tears rolled down his cheeks , but his face was bland .
tr	I	She 'd waited sixteen years for the opportunity to ask , but the sight of Valerie didn 't leave Jasmine much hope .
tr	O	她厉声说道，并且帕克畏缩了一下。
tr	I	As soon as she saw us she made a beeline over to us and I saw Samira talking with a few people .
tr	I	It felt longer to him , but it took only a second .
tr	I	Turnabout was fair play , but he rarely took a life these days .
tr	O	这让纹身部位有点刺痛，但是我绝不会退缩。
tr	O	他一直认为罗伯茨女士是单身，但是也许他错了。
tr	O	是她的话对抗他的，并且她是这里更大的陌生人。
tr	I	The badge Agent Houston had just proudly flashed did him more harm than good when it came to her , but sure she trusted Burnett .
tr	O	我微微一笑，但是我却想哭。
tr	O	她很少离开她所在的那片森林去探索更深、更崎岖的山区，但是她知道他正带着她去那里。
tr	I	His laptop was in the living room , but I 'd hoped this was an excuse to go into his bedroom .
tr	O	他的下一个问题是无声的，但是她知道他仍在思考。
tr	I	I 'd have to give him an answer , and I knew he 'd be back next week .
tr	I	His grip 's too tight that it hurts but it could 've been so sweet of him .
tr	O	凯特试图找到庇护所，但是她的双腿却背叛了她。
tr	I	Maybe he could have been anyone , but he 'd thought she was glad to see him specifically .
tr	I	The clean snow showed that not much was flowing along them , but there were still sewage gutters along the sides of the street .
tr	O	她真的很想明天见到伊森，但是她不能让她的新室友睡充气床睡一整周。
tr	I	His once smooth face was now covered by a shabby beard and he had grown out his sandy blond hair .
tr	O	竞技场反正也很少被使用，但是他们却开始索要很多。
tr	I	I hear quickening orders being shouted between them and the cab is now engulfed .
tr	O	谷仓里奶牛的低声哞叫听起来很害怕，并且羊群……鸦雀无声。
tr	O	当她走出去的时候，我本想喊“我需要你”让她知道我关心她，但是我忍住了。
tr	I	When Thibault started toward the driver 's side to open the door for her , she shook her head , and they reached the car .
tr	O	第6章 伊甸园庄园 镇上的传闻是她患有脑动脉瘤，但是我更清楚。
tr	I	There were no pictures , and no numbers were assigned .
tr	I	I wasn 't afraid , and it didn 't hurt .
tr	O	如果他开枪，多一英尺的距离也帮不了我，但是我的动作是本能的。
tr	I	I knew better , but the rest of Forks was under the impression that the older Cullens had gone off to college this year , to Dartmouth .
tr	O	她期望能救他，但是她没有料到在那样做的时候会有如此近距离的接触。
tr	O	我一路都很痛苦，但是我从未做过这样的事。
tr	O	她需要我们，并且我们尽力帮忙。
tr	O	他试图提供一些安慰，但是他的注意力已经分散到太多方面了。
tr	I	For the next hour , time would creep for Sarah , and then they would all sit down together .
tr	I	I hadn 't concentrated on any of them , but we 'd just watched three episodes of Ivy Springs .
tr	O	她匆忙地合上它，但是在她能合上之前，我们看到越过她的肩膀，它正打开着一篇关于巴西的文章。
tr	O	她笑了，并且现在那里没有恐惧。
tr	O	他们在精神病院旁边的灌木丛后面，并且我能听到安东尼恳求蕾妮今晚和他一起离开。
tr	I	Natalie wasn 't interested , but Liam wanted to reconcile .
tr	O	你将扮演塞缪尔·斯尼普斯，并且弗朗西斯将是西奥多·菱形。
tr	I	You 're at a grand ball , and it 's Masquerade .
tr	O	费洛斯已经脱下他的外套，并且现在他把它披在路易莎身上。
tr	I	It had my grandmother 's hand in it and it came from a legendary , historical house !
tr	I	Your fangs still aren 't there , but Ryder said you were a vamp .
tr	O	他对我的控制没有放松，但是我允许他带我走开。
tr	I	Gray knew that his control was gone and her moans were now closer to screams .
tr	O	她的身体僵硬了，但是劳施听到她的呼吸加快。
tr	I	He stared , and then he stopped .
tr	O	她的手颤抖着，并且她胃里形成了一个酸涩的结。
tr	O	他想告诉她他爱伊莱贾，但是他怕这听起来不够有说服力。
tr	I	We linked arms as we went out into the lobby of the venue , where there was no sign of life and I nodded .
tr	I	In its place cheery wallpaper hung , and ascending the stairs , she noticed the wood paneling was missing .
tr	O	伊丽莎白点了点头，并且瑞茜感到一股焦虑涌上心头。
tr	O	霍莉现在喊了出来，并且特德跑掉了。
tr	I	I managed to drag myself away from the field where no one could find me , but I knew I was going to die .
tr	O	拉拉让他再次感到年轻，并且她让他的一切都变得令人兴奋。
tr	O	他拥有一切，然而他还需要更多。
tr	O	我希望我认识她，但是我很高兴我一直有你。
tr	I	Though bald , he had a bristly beard and he was dressed in old , simple clothes .
tr	I	That tingle that they felt between them would become touch , and that their fingers would meet again , at long last .
tr	I	I can meet you at Metro or you can come by my office .
tr	I	When everyone was buckled up , he started the engine and following roll out , Ted assisted the women into the copter .
tr	I	Her red hair was blowing in the late afternoon breeze , and she was a tall drink of woman .
tr	O	她的声音里的骄傲感动了我，然而，并且我无法忍心告诉她那部分真相。
tr	O	当她的第一次高潮冲击袭来时，她喊出了他的名字，并且加勒特感到她的身体在他的周围抽搐。
tr	O	将我的嘴唇移到她的颈部，我吻了她，并推起她的文胸，让她的乳房自由下垂。
tr	O	她所谓的白马王子占了她的便宜，并且她想不起自己告诉了他多少。
tr	O	他已经准备好去海边跑步了，但是他平时的搭档有约了。
tr	O	人类会撒谎，并且机器人可以被指令。
tr	I	Its towers speared the sky , and it sprawled over the land .
tr	O	他看起来有些矛盾，但是他最终点了点头。
tr	I	It got the point across , but not quite as menacing as a vampire smile .
tr	O	我会在感恩节回家，并且我计划那时宣布这个消息。
tr	O	她是一名语言学家，但是她也是一名战略家。
tr	O	比尔走近了些，并且塔米开始颤抖。
tr	O	他可能不想要一段真正的婚姻，但是他的自尊心至少要求这份伪装。
tr	O	汽车轰鸣着爬上最后一段陡峭的斜坡，并且她可以看到路的尽头了。
tr	I	I couldn 't do it from a distance , but the three of us were sent here to keep an eye on you .
tr	I	She 's holding back but she wants to cry .
tr	O	突然空气中充满了那种懒洋洋的牛鞭声，并且细细的白色缆绳在我们周围飘落下来。
tr	I	We can give her better and this is a day that deserves better .
tr	I	Devin crouched over his torso , and he was on the ground , his back against the pavement .
tr	O	感觉就像我考试不及格了，并且我不期待所罗门先生发现的那一天。
tr	O	一个45岁的男人，他绝非缺乏经验，但是她让他感觉又像个孩子了。
tr	I	Then there was silence , and Kenny heard Sarah cry out .
tr	O	乔西本该走开的，但是当艾米丽来拜访时她从没有这样做。
tr	I	I do not feel influenced at all , yet he is trying to hypnotize me in some way .
tr	I	Nothing was ever enough , and Casey was like a drug .
tr	I	His forehead damp with sweat and his thigh was on fire .
tr	O	他们不应该在那里，但是我不敢摆脱他们。
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen , but I whipped around to refute Cyrus .
tr	I	There was obvious tension in his shoulders as he struggled to contain himself , but the corners of his lips tipped up in a smile .
tr	O	他们可能会提供很多东西，但是那些提议隐藏着谎言。
tr	I	He does have brains , but the man may be a pain in the ass .
tr	O	我一记重拳把他打倒在地，并且他躺着一动不动，时间刚好足够让我以为他昏过去了。
tr	I	I gasped , and his lips brushed the space below my ear .
tr	O	研究表明弓形虫也可能影响人类行为，而且这种寄生虫确实会感染脑组织。
tr	O	她开始咯咯地笑起来，并且这笑声变成了气泡，挠着她的眼睑。
tr	I	Instinctively she pulled back and he let a finger slip under her halter .
tr	I	He didn 't care if he had to kill Vic to do it , and Lucas only wanted blood .
tr	I	It was deserted , but she glanced from side to side .
tr	O	我开始抗议，但是他脸上的表情表明他不会接受否定的回答。
tr	O	光线如此强烈以至于刺痛了我的眼睛，但是我不敢移开视线。
tr	O	枪声响起，并且查克看到车门玻璃碎裂了。
tr	O	她想和他多花些时间，但是他太奇怪了。
tr	O	你们都是参议院的客人，因此你们都将住在这所房子里。
tr	I	We both saw it , but she thought that it was hidden from us .
tr	O	她明白了，但是她似乎无法离开，尽管士兵们正聚集在我们周围的森林里。
tr	I	I laugh , and her eyes meet mine .
tr	I	She had a tall friend with her , and she was about a foot taller than me even in my stilettos .
tr	I	Images of her childhood leapt into his brain , and she opened her mind again to him .
tr	O	艾德里安把男孩抱在怀里，那是一种爱的表现，然而他是一个吸血鬼。
tr	O	鉴于我对苏族语的掌握，我一无所知，但是很明显我们并没有参加庆祝活动。
tr	O	我必须离开这里，或者我会被那东西活活烧死。
tr	I	He rolled right into the only question that mattered and he felt the demonic fire burn in his eyes .
tr	I	The flames seemed to lick all the sweat from his body , and a fire blazed nearby , so hot that his skin itched .
tr	I	I liked it , and she smelled tough .
tr	O	他学得很快，并且在弗朗哥的指导下我知道他只会成功。
tr	O	电视上正在播放一场球赛，并且服务员正靠在吧台上观看。
tr	O	当它不再在我们之间时，我感到不安，但是他们保持了距离。
tr	I	Nick wasn 't disappointed , and * * * Nick counted on Isaiah to weed out the needy from the greedy .
tr	O	他把车停到路边，并且黛拉意识到他们到了。
tr	I	I don 't blame her and she is keeping her distance now .
tr	I	Shane was eating an Oreo blast and I had a banana cream shake .
tr	O	你得了流感，并且你神志不清。
tr	I	He was smarter , but maybe Jasmine was smart .
tr	O	他可能没有告诉她全部真相，但是他不会为他所做的事情道歉。
tr	I	It never lessened the impact but he threatened me so often .
tr	O	他在座位上坐得更高，并且他的手上沾满了毛发。
tr	I	There was much work left that needed to be done on that , and the literary tea was scheduled in the first half of the week .
tr	O	她感受到他的坚硬时呻吟了一声，并且作为回应，他变得更加兴奋。
tr	I	We both froze and a loud male voice shouted behind me .
tr	I	I wanted to check it out for myself and girls from my soccer team were always talking about them .
tr	I	Her heart fluttered and he smiled again .
tr	O	它在呼唤着她，并且她知道那是什么。
tr	O	你简直不敢相信它还立着，西侧都塌陷了，并且想想这个氏族竟然坚持住在那里！
tr	O	我用脚把他推开，但是他立刻又回来了，没有领会我的意思。
tr	O	他转身沿着通道走去，但是当他的脚踩到某个柔软的东西时，他猛地缩了回来。
tr	O	我尽量不让自己看起来可疑，但是我的动机并不好。
tr	I	Allie walked away and the clerk gave her a funny look .
tr	O	我住的客房的门是关着的，并且我真的在大声练习那些词。
tr	I	I had no intention of sharing my personal business with them , but I would cooperate with them for the sake of my safety .
tr	O	她咯咯笑了，并且尽管她的语气更轻松了，我并没有感觉更好。
tr	I	Then he swung the bucket around his arm holding the flashlight and every now .
tr	I	A flurry of leaves whirled down the street , and the September wind rattled the windows .
tr	I	The wounded rose to fight another day , and the battle on the hillside dwindled in spirit .
tr	I	All that and you know -- business partners .
tr	O	第十六章 我把所有注意力都集中在萨凡娜惊恐的脸上，但是再没有别的出现。
tr	I	A mocking smile curved his lips , and the Reaper spotted me at once .
tr	I	In its place a new one appears and that memory fades .
tr	O	我能感觉到沮丧的泪水在涌出，并且我试图眨眼忍回去。
tr	O	打开大门，并且你就会看到。
tr	O	我胸前的伤口正在缩小，并且在我们上方远处，我看到了黎明冲破漆黑夜空的微弱迹象。
tr	O	我父亲对他的回答也很满意，并且他转向了我。
tr	I	She sensed so much more beneath the surface , yet he was always outwardly calm , tranquil even .
tr	I	I forced myself to stay in the moment a little longer , but my world threatened to crash down around me .
tr	I	The fleet was back up to full speed and Truman joined him once the bridge had been repaired .
tr	O	我脸红了，但是他似乎没有注意到。
tr	I	I brought her home and she was drunk out of her mind .
tr	O	我们凝视着对方，并且我拒绝退缩。
tr	O	噪音终于结束了，并且午后的河水恢复了宁静。
tr	I	My father is placing my hand upon his and I am at the end of the aisle .
tr	O	他们的耳朵竖了起来，但是他们没有转向我。
tr	I	I didn 't think I could take being around him every day , but I wanted the job , hell I needed the job .
tr	O	约翰首选六号，并且九号选择了八号。
tr	I	Tears were running down his face , unchecked , and he held a bloody sword in one hand .
tr	O	霍桑被杀了，并且我的兄弟受伤了，当时他们正在调查圣约翰。
tr	I	Her fingers shook badly , but she appeared calm .
tr	I	There was no one he could talk to about this , and he felt very much as though he was in over his head .
tr	I	This other kid I don 't know approaches first , but I wait for the dumping to begin , keeping my eyes on Terrell .
tr	I	My eyes closed and my head went back .
tr	O	克里斯蒂安声称他一直情绪低落，但是这无法与她当时的感受相比。
tr	O	她很坚强，并且她期望其他女巫也一样坚强，因为边缘之地容不得脆弱之人。
tr	I	She eyed Adam with urgency and she was out of breath .
tr	O	仿佛她担心他会离开，并且所有的痛苦都会回来。
tr	I	Some of them had gone out and the lights on the promenade blinked .
tr	I	She was through with me , and she 'd done her job .
tr	O	值得称赞的是，她父亲支付了她的大学费用，但是艾玛拒绝与他有任何瓜葛。
tr	O	奥利维亚看了莫一眼，并且他数了起来。
tr	O	其他女孩尝试过，并且结果很糟糕。
tr	O	我们走下楼梯到餐厅，并且他们已经把食物摆好了。
tr	O	他开始寻找那栋巨大的建筑，但是那里只有一片空旷的丘陵地带。
tr	O	我在家乡绝不会做这种事，但是身在西班牙的美国人说要尝试走出你的舒适区。
tr	O	风无法读懂，并且你不能在水上写字。
tr	I	I said no , and Jean asked .
tr	O	她的脸颊因兴奋而泛红，并且月光在她眼中闪耀。
tr	I	He didn 't even wince , but there was a loud popping sound in his hip as he spun .
tr	O	这艘船已经航行了数千英里，并且我此刻正目睹它最后的几步。
tr	O	我轻轻地把他抱起来，并且他痛得叫出声来。
tr	I	He could hear them whining outside , snarling in the shadows , but he saw no wolves .
tr	I	I was surprised by the aggression in her movements , and I let her take the lead .
tr	O	她不怀念与迈克尔的性生活，并且她也没有在别处寻找。
tr	I	Now he has to walk it and he chose his path .
tr	I	I look down at his hands and that reminds me of Shark 's knuckles .
tr	O	她的脸颊火辣辣地疼，并且她尝到了血的味道。
tr	I	You just pointed it out , and the guy is an ass .
tr	O	他顽皮的笑容使她眯起眼睛，噘起嘴唇。
tr	O	她知道每个白人男孩的名字，并且她还给他们每个人起了几个新名字。
tr	I	He was ahead of her , but she reached for his buttons .
tr	I	It was all Graeme could do not to carry her away from everyone , and her lips trembled , betraying her upset .
tr	I	She was right , but he got the impression that pep talk was aimed more at herself than him .
tr	I	It surprised her , and she was nervous .
tr	I	Someone else will have to do the Telling , and it will not be long before I will go as well .
tr	O	相信我，你迟早会对自己感觉更自在，并且你甚至可能会发现你渴望实践医学的两面。
tr	I	We can send you out to earn the money instead of your whore of a mother and one day , maybe you 'll be useful .
tr	I	Levana sucked in a breath , realizing that her palms were sweating , and Solstice glanced up in surprise .
tr	I	Then jammed on the brakes hard and accelerated for twenty yards .
tr	I	I 'll kick your ass , but I may be tiny .
tr	O	我全身的肌肉都酸痛，并且我真的很想坐下来。
tr	O	她的牙齿格格作响，并且约翰尼注意到了。
tr	I	It might be another dancer , or it might be the guards .
tr	O	我已经和你在一起一整天了，并且我不敢再放弃自己的生命了。
tr	O	困惑被一种背叛的眼神取代了，并且艾莉的下唇开始颤抖。
tr	I	Since the army he had never had a vehicle of his own , and in the army there had been guys to do it for him .
tr	I	I don 't want you worrying about custody and you need to stop making excuses for him .
tr	I	I had to feel him and I pulsed with want .
tr	I	God knew everyone were scared these days , and it made big men feel better to hit someone when they were scared .
tr	I	Henry scowled , falling silent , and said Diana with a huff .
tr	I	She turned slowly to look at the door and her back stiffened .
tr	I	I couldn 't see any more than that , but a couple of fairly pretty girls were getting things set up behind the counter .
tr	I	She wouldn 't ... not yet anyway but she wanted to be sick , to throw up .
tr	I	It would be a wasted effort , but she could try to overpower him .
tr	I	She wasn 't looking at me , but I shot a glance at her .
tr	I	He used his teeth to finish opening it and one of the nuts was partially cracked opened .
tr	I	I 'll give you the process and show me his body .
tr	I	The unhappy adolescent they 'd had little patience for , nor he was no longer the hatchling they 'd adored .
tr	O	杰西费力地看，但是他仍然什么也没看到。
tr	I	In my heart I understood why , but I knew he had secrets .
tr	I	I knew , but I asked .
tr	I	I will , if I have to , but I don 't want to hurt anyone .
tr	I	It 's not like I speak Latin , but I know what I hope it means .
tr	O	然后她想起来，如果她要和拉乌尔出去，她就需要束紧她的紧身胸衣，并且她匆忙解开那个结。
tr	O	我们将转移动量，并且我们将撤出。
tr	I	I know how to get there , but it should be shut up now .
tr	O	他在一个公共场所一丝不挂，并且他不希望警察介入。
tr	O	她的声音很轻，但是带着一丝坚持。
tr	O	她已经多次演练了这个计划，并且这个机会将永远不再属于她了。
tr	I	She asked none of them , but questions filled Jain 's mind .
tr	O	我知道，并且你也知道。
tr	I	I 'm not able to look round , but I hear a shout to my left .
tr	I	When Sunshine was wearing it , he didn 't mind at all , but he 'd never cared for the sensation of denim on his body before .
tr	I	Some actually believe that they are not as smart as white people and many accept what they are .
tr	I	I had to bite my lip on a retort , lest I really did get a fight going , and Zoe nodded in confirmation .
tr	I	They overflowed her chiseled cheekbone and tears filled her swollen eyelids .
tr	O	那曾是可怕的，但是至少每个人都有搏斗求生的机会。
tr	I	He decided to paint me as a black widow and someone I turned down ?
tr	I	Jim wiped them free with a single stroke of his hand and her lashes stuck shut , with the heavy moisture .
tr	I	I ran to her , collapsing beside her , and she collapsed .
tr	O	他们没有大声呼救，并且那些尖叫声也并没有给他多少信息。
tr	I	They crashed to the platform and she rammed into his shoulder .
tr	O	他体内的每一块肌肉都想动起来，想感受她身体的摩擦，但是他等待着。
tr	O	她在床上从来不是一个爱说话的人，但是和扎克在一起时，她似乎无法抑制自己的感受。
tr	O	当我走进房间时，新成立的委员会所有成员都站了起来，但是我立刻举起了手。
tr	O	他的眉毛跳动着，并且他的眼睛盯着我的屁股。
tr	I	She wasn 't heartless but she might be a pain in my ass .
tr	O	丽芙二十岁，并且佐伊十六岁。
tr	O	在任何人注意到之前它就会冷却，并且在那之前他们早就离开了。
tr	I	She had a strong grip but I tried to pull away .
tr	O	我以前能够以光速旅行，但是现在我必须步行才能到达我想去的地方。
tr	I	Now fate had brought them together several times , but for nineteen years they hadn 't seen each other .
tr	I	He pulled the dress over her head , forcing her arms up with it and she clamped her mouth shut .
tr	O	一辆未标记的警车停在街角，并且两名侦探下了车。
tr	O	比尔吉特稍微皱了皱鼻子，并且困惑的表情又回来了。
tr	I	I wasn 't in any pain anymore , and my only solace was that I wasn 't dead .
tr	I	Bear listened , and I talked .
tr	I	Everyone was looking at me with a kind of excited horror and when I came to , I was tied to a hospital bed .
tr	I	I scrambled to get dressed and his tone was far from welcoming .
tr	O	她的手机响了，并且她看了看。
tr	O	离天亮还有好几个小时，并且他不愿意这么早就休息。
tr	I	She kept it at her side , but her hand itched toward her sword .
tr	O	视线内没有一辆车，但是她仍然感到紧张不安。
tr	I	It 's not working but she 's great at trying to distract me .
tr	O	她只穿着内裤和凯兰从床脚箱子里给她的那件特大号T恤。
tr	I	Taking it out on you and I 'm just a little hung-over .
tr	I	She refused to let them surface , but the tears were trapped deep inside .
tr	I	Now it was Susan 's as well and it had always been my favorite white wine .
tr	O	他问了，他善良得让我无法不感到尴尬，并且我拒绝直视他的眼睛。
tr	I	She forced herself to ignore it , and Heat curled lower in her belly .
tr	I	Maggie strained to catch some semblance of her name being mentioned , and a garbled message in French came over the public address system .
tr	I	You 'll get through this with two beautiful babies in your arms and you need to be strong .
tr	I	I was afraid to ruin things by bringing it up , and Hailey seemed to be getting along with the guys again .
tr	I	That wasn 't one , and I 've been in this field long enough to know an out of the blue guess .
tr	I	The world seemed to shift under her feet and her lips parted .
tr	O	我已经忙碌了四分之一个世纪，并且我觉得我欠自己一个假期。
tr	O	他任由人们议论她，也任由男人把她当垃圾一样对待。
tr	I	He screamed in pain as flames seized his bare feet , and his legs swung down into the burning lower level of his house .
tr	I	When the prince saw her son , he knew the boy was his son , too , and it was a shock to her when she did .
tr	I	She didn 't , but I half expected her to snap at me to leave it alone , like she used to do when I was younger .
tr	O	我知道人们是好心，但是这什么也改变不了。
tr	O	也许我开始理解范坚持要交朋友的原因，或者我只是紧张与艾薇面对面。
tr	O	又有一些隔热罩碎片脱落了，但是火焰已经熄灭了。
tr	I	A large crowd was a nightmare to him , and there was a large crowd watching the proceedings .
tr	I	When he opened his eyes they were as crystal clear as the mountain sky , and she held a dark-haired baby in her arms .
tr	O	Rich一直很喜欢和他的小侄子们在一起，但是直到那个晚上他才真正懂得珍惜他们。
tr	O	她想离开，但是保罗却在无法自制地抽泣。
tr	I	I suspected all kinds of emotion hid there , and his eyes were dilated to full black .
tr	I	I promised I wouldn 't nag him , but hearing my fiance wasn 't eating tugged at my nerves .
tr	O	房间那头的士兵们跳了起来，并且佩里上尉迅速用手捂住了她的嘴。
tr	O	我没有，但是天哪，真疼。
tr	O	沃德放松了，但是骑马的强盗仍然把剑留在原地，剑刃威胁性地贴近。
tr	O	对于一个女人来说，没有比不结婚更糟糕的命运了，并且大多数好人家的女孩在她们十三岁生日前很久就被许配了。
tr	I	It hurt too much , but Misty wanted to laugh .
tr	O	我只是一个悲惨的人，并且所有的谎言都在让我的灵魂变黑。
tr	O	伤口的剧痛随着能量从他体内流失而消磨了他的斗志，并且他放开了安东。
tr	O	那个想法没有在我脑海中出现，并且我本能地转身看向凯雷德。
tr	O	我爸爸很虚弱，并且他开始抽泣，乞求那些人饶他一命。
tr	O	本可以强迫她继续这个对话，但是我预感到事情不会如我所愿。
tr	I	I was able to pull it from his grasp and Jackson 's grip on my hand loosened .
tr	O	队长在王座前的空地上停了下来，并且赛琳娜也随他停下。
tr	I	She leaned into his touch and his hand cupped her chin .
tr	O	和她一起带另一位家庭成员是明智的，但是她后悔让母亲说服她带了这一个。
tr	I	Trying to hide it or he wasn 't ashamed .
tr	I	Many of them slept on wet ground since they hadn 't dug trenches around the tents and they 'd only erected tents the night before .
tr	I	Her fingers wrapped tightly around the stem of her empty wine glass , and her eyes darted to the window , staring at the blue jay .
tr	O	他穿着一件病号服，并且他身上连接着许多仪器。
tr	O	管理是一个因素，并且你的知名度不高。
tr	O	每个人都有更好的主意，并且有些甚至飞了起来。
tr	I	She 's barely eating and she hasn 't wanted to do anything .
tr	I	The bubbles tickled my nose , and I took a careful sip .
tr	I	His eyes were dark and his face was pale .
tr	O	我们回学校已经一个多星期了，但是到目前为止没有人提起他的名字。
tr	O	我们的故事已经死了，并且我们的证据也遭到嘲笑。
tr	I	She found it strangely arousing , but she thought it would unnerve her .
tr	I	The heat in her was enough to warm both of them , but he should have been cold .
tr	O	我见过几十个像她这样的女孩，并且她们的结局都一样。
tr	I	He remained tightly leashed unlike in the past when that last maneuver would have made him putty in her hands , but his breath hissed .
tr	I	Yet they died and your forefathers ate this bread .
tr	O	她知道他们没有未来，但是她仍然担心当他得知她的身份后会离开。
tr	O	他刚刚踏出村庄的边界，但是他什么都没有杀死。
tr	I	I understand Draven 's concern about finding the right people for our army and Everything becomes clear to me as I read the words .
tr	I	Having Peter refuse to back him up must be adding to his burden and he 's been worn down by the events of the last few days .
tr	O	我知道，并且我还是做了。
tr	O	人们有时喜欢通过给名人找麻烦来为自己赢得一点丑名，而且你无疑就是个名人。
tr	I	She had to learn that , and it wasn 't .
tr	O	他们当然在数英里之上，但是他们看起来仍然如此之近。
tr	O	我需要一个新的出路，并且我需要它快点。
tr	I	His parents had opened it , but it was addressed to him .
tr	I	She was trapped naked behind a rock , completely worthless , and then he was as good as captured .
tr	O	也许他们都没有力量，但是他有。
tr	I	Ever the most brazen it was up to her to carry it out but the others had wanted to ask .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be my Trey , but the next time I saw him he would still be Trey .
tr	I	I knew that would just make it worse , but my arms should be comforting her , not her own .
tr	O	她的声音有点颤抖，并且她吸了一口气。
tr	O	他会把她和她父亲联系起来，并且他会因为她骗了他而大发雷霆。
tr	I	She was already running down the sloping aisle between the rows of seats , but her mother reached for her .
tr	I	He closed his mouth and Ice realized his jaw had fallen open .
tr	O	这匹母马不是战马，但是它很有精神。
tr	O	她无法毫发无损地离开，或者警察绝不会相信她的故事。
tr	I	I won 't wake up and sometimes I 'm afraid something will go wrong .
tr	O	盖瑞克的手落在唐姆的胳膊上，并且他捏得比可能合适的力度大了一点。
tr	I	She swatted his bare behind as he bent over to pick up his trunks and he pulled off his pants .
tr	I	Eddie even let me drive , and I made all the arrangements for Clarence 's .
tr	O	我对她皱眉，并且她耸了耸肩。
tr	O	他的嘴因恼怒而抽动，但是他点了点头。
tr	I	It would never be enough , and it was too long .
tr	I	A hand reached out to grab mine , but I walked back toward the dance floor .
tr	O	幽默得到了欣赏，但是罗德尼仍然想要一个认真的答案。
tr	I	She headed to the kitchen and I nodded .
tr	I	He was chief of police , but Cain wasn 't sure Ned would be any better .
tr	O	我会给你直到早上自己做，或者我来帮你做。
tr	I	The three dumped their bikes in the dust , and the pond was not far from the gate .
tr	O	疼痛没有停止，并且他知道如果情况变得更糟他会昏倒，甚至可能死去。
tr	I	I do not know what a sin feels like and we have never sinned .
tr	O	汉普有一些想法，但是我需要确保它会很快。
tr	O	她倒在他身上，并且他让她躺在那里，喘着气，努力平复呼吸。
tr	I	Her eyes throbbed with fiery fury , and Sparks flashed from the tips of her outstretched fingers .
tr	I	It still made her uneasy , but she knew he was kidding .
tr	O	然后她继续折磨他，直到她感觉到他炽热的种子涌入她的口中，并且他浓烈的味道几乎让她崩溃。
tr	I	The lawyer climbed out and the rear door opened .
tr	O	那让我吃惊不小，并且它甚至让我更不安。
tr	I	I saw her hand slightly shake and she put the china cup down .
tr	O	巨大的黑狗出现了，并且当有些人触碰它们时，它们就变成了其他的狗。
tr	I	She wasn 't making out a single word of it , but her mouth was moving .
tr	I	A loud boom erupted through the forest , and I watched as the man turned to solid ash .
tr	I	We consumed our dinner in silence , and Orson lit two candles with a silver Zippo .
tr	O	他的嘴唇碰到了她的脖子，并且她强忍住了反感。
tr	O	别西卜正在发飙，一心要让我付出代价，并且他不会停止，直到我内心彻底死亡。
tr	I	He led me to the floor , and I placed my hand in his .
tr	O	莉兹不想考虑这件事，但是那个画面却不断回到她脑海中。
tr	I	Breaking down would only make escape less likely , but I couldn 't believe I was acting so calm .
tr	I	She didn 't shrug him away , and his hands lingered upon her for a moment .
tr	O	我们的一些客户不是圣人，但是没有律师可以对他的客户规定道德。
tr	O	里斯对此发笑，并且我与她一起笑。
tr	O	她的双腿无力地倒在她身后的泥土中，并且她尽力不站起来。
tr	O	我们已经对其进行了改进，并且我们必须知道它有多好。
tr	I	For a second she hoped that it was enough to get him out of her , and her aim reached his eyes .
tr	O	又过了一拍，并且他继续了。
tr	O	她感受到了他牙齿戏弄般的刮擦，但是他从未刺破她的皮肤。
tr	O	糖在那边，而且我看不见。
tr	O	真命伴侣的触碰可以治愈，并且伴侣羁绊可以抵御许多东西。
tr	I	The EMT tells him sweetly to shut up , and Tad rolls from side to side moaning while they load him onto the gurney .
tr	O	思科问道，并且然后他抬头看见罗伯托就在她身后。
tr	O	这很愚蠢，但是我做了。
tr	I	It said something about taking some time off to backpack across Eastern Europe , and the note was from Aimee .
tr	I	I was afraid to call out his name , but I had an idea who it was .
tr	O	骑手们只是看着我们，并且我相当确定我看到那个胖一点的嗤笑了一下。
tr	O	我们离开了豪宅，车轮在碎石上嘎吱作响，并且我一次也没有回头。
tr	O	她曾给予欢乐以及激情，并且他的身体仍因渴望她而疼痛。
tr	I	He pinches my nipple and his fingertips graze my breasts .
tr	I	Perhaps it was one of the others reminding her , or Corinne reminded herself to breathe oxygen for the baby .
tr	O	乐师们自己为科勒姆欢呼起来，并且随后是一连串的问题，科勒姆有些不自然地回答了这些问题。
tr	I	Rosa smiled immediately at Godwin , but Lea was shocked .
tr	I	Her knees felt like jelly , and her palms were sweating .
tr	I	I had to believe my offensive had taken him off guard , but it was gone so quick I almost believed it imagined .
tr	I	It was bitterly cold out there in that dark forest , and I judged that it was very close to midnight by now .
tr	I	He moved with a hard , nervous energy , and his face was set in determined lines .
tr	I	Each one in turn began giving a series of excuses and the group looked up .
tr	O	她完全忘记了精致面料的保养，并且甚至她选择穿的白色高跟鞋。
tr	O	我从椅子上跳了起来，并且它砰地一声摔到了细菌滋生的地毯上。
tr	O	她的声音开始颤抖，并且她开始大口喘气。
tr	O	他咧着嘴笑了，并且我又想知道他们在谈论什么。
tr	I	One boot hits a brown stone and I kick off the white stone as it fades away .
tr	I	His hands were quick , and his body was strong .
tr	I	Unable to just do it because the loneliness was gone but it 's what I wanted .
tr	O	它的抓握松开了，并且辛迪轻易地将武器从它手中夺走。
tr	O	他死了，并且她逃走了。
tr	I	I 'd know where I was going , and if I howled , they 'd answer .
tr	O	突然，闪光消失了，并且他环顾四周，感到他已不在自己的车库里了。
tr	O	她的腹部不再发光了，并且一个巨大的洞口暴露了她的内脏。
tr	O	起初还好，但是当你加速时，情况很快就变得更糟了。
tr	O	第一个咒语从后面击中了我，并且我尖叫着飞过空中。
tr	O	他会很高兴有我，并且如果红军来了，他会与他们战斗至死。
tr	O	是的，他设法阻止了一个逃跑的袭击者，险些自己也成了受害者，但是他绝不会杀死那个人。
tr	I	Obi-Wan lowered his hood and they retreated back to the small room .
tr	I	He didn 't shift his gaze , but a grimace swept over his face .
tr	I	Her eyes grew big and Tessa looked up from the book that had been grabbing her attention .
tr	I	A passing truck hit this huge puddle just as we reached the curb , and we walked out to your car .
tr	O	她压下了这个念头，但是它挥之不去。
tr	O	乔什听到贝珊的话后没有动，并且她希望他没有装睡。
tr	I	The eyes seemed ancient , but the face was youthful , almost boyish in appearance .
tr	O	披萨在孤儿院的时候非常稀有，并且那是我最喜欢的一种。
tr	I	Then his eyes are on my lips , and reaching for my cheek , he graces it softly .
tr	I	The tip of the sword pricked his skin , and Aiden moved only a fraction of an inch .
tr	I	A long trail of rats , from big to small , was following him through the darkness , and he was slowly walking backwards .
tr	O	我的膝盖又一次撞上纸箱，把它撞翻了，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	他的下巴绷紧了，并且他的目光开始闪烁。
tr	I	It was the magical balm to bring me back and I had been dying .
tr	I	You cannot shake yourself awake but now I wanted to wake up .
tr	I	It didn 't but she says she knows for a fact that car should have rammed right into her car .
tr	O	特雷弗不得不照做，并且他们就此握了手：于是就成了直呼其名的朋友。
tr	I	She was staring at her hands , and her head was down .
tr	O	他冲了过去，但是机会太短了。
tr	I	He lowered his gaze and that sad look returned .
tr	O	当艾德里安给我开车时，他总是开得太快，但是我不介意。
tr	O	我瞪了他一眼，并且他耸了耸肩。
tr	O	我在一个教室里，并且那是老师。
tr	I	I could feel the wall building between us again , but things had been getting better with Jason 's mom .
tr	O	他那圆溜溜的黑眼睛慢慢地眨着，并且他看起来确实相当不感兴趣。
tr	O	他本会走进“曲奇罐”餐厅，但是这家餐厅已经关门了。
tr	I	His mood plummeted even further and he turned away from it .
tr	O	尼克和他站在一起，但是泰没有攻击。
tr	I	A great career all lined up , and I 've got a perfect boyfriend back in the city .
tr	O	也许是我在想象，但是我并不这么认为。
tr	O	她很想念那个小家伙，但是她不能因为约瑟夫小心谨慎而责怪他。
tr	I	She simply stared at him , looking rather frustrated , but he nodded encouragingly .
tr	O	这短暂的生命就是全部了，并且这是一种总会走向相同宿命终结的生命。
tr	O	又一阵哄笑声平息下来，并且凯伦叹了口气，啜饮着艾莉为她泡的一杯热茶。
tr	I	All open political opposition had been eradicated and he had stopped calling it government when elections had ceased .
tr	I	She was smashing that visual to pieces , and he 'd had this image in his mind of her .
tr	I	Then something she said the first time we met occurs to me , but I sway with grief .
tr	I	He said he couldn 't part with that one , but I would 've paid him double had he thrown in the large boar .
tr	I	I chose to rise above my natural embarrassment , but of course , he was naked , too .
tr	I	It seemed dark as they walked on , but it was a bright day .
tr	I	He grabs my hand , pulling me back but I turn to leave .
tr	O	他不是最好的舞者，但是这并没有阻止他做出他能想到的每一个滑稽舞步。
tr	O	这是一场血腥的战斗，并且我赞赏你为此付出的努力。
tr	O	她听到他的名字时扬起了眉毛，但是她没有评论。
tr	O	他的手伸上去触摸她的脸，并且她迅速后退了一步。
tr	O	科尔把车开进了他的公寓大楼停车场，并且他的眼睛无法完全处理眼前的景象。
tr	I	He could feel nothing except the stone of the floor , and he could hear nothing , see nothing .
tr	O	前一分钟他还在水下，并且下一分钟他就在那里漂浮着。
tr	I	She really did feel the lure of adventure tugging at her heart , but she hated to admit it .
tr	I	Her head started to pound , and she managed to sit up .
tr	I	He smiled , and then his gentle eyes met mine .
tr	O	他失去了化繁为简的天赋，并且陪审员也失去了保持专注的努力。
tr	I	He was desperate , panicked , but I should have socked him .
tr	O	她不知道何时，但是也许情况会改变。
tr	I	That never seemed to stop women from trying to tame him , but everyone knew Trenton Maddox was bad news .
tr	O	约瑟夫握住了我的手，并且我放松了一点。
tr	I	Keller could be alone and I could walk in .
tr	O	她确实做了一点，但是她总是错过风暴。
tr	O	火焰现在劈啪作响，一道橙色的光芒推开了黑暗的角落，并且她的脸颊被热量灼烧着。
tr	O	克林特透过水箱的视线很模糊，并且他所见皆是影子。
tr	I	She wanted to see Paul squirm when she called his hand and he looked safe enough .
tr	I	It turned out the wait wasn 't long , but they waited .
tr	I	His weight was four times that and the man was nearly eighty .
tr	O	我确实对我的二哥抱有一些希望，并且他原来是个好人。
tr	O	我需要想出些什么，但是我不认为那就是它。
tr	O	我想哭，但是我不敢向父母表现出我的脆弱。
tr	I	He didn 't want to be laughed at , and because there 's this horrible joke that med students always think they have some fatal disease .
tr	I	It works , but it takes a few minutes .
tr	O	这一切都在圣经里，并且雪莉姐妹也给他们补充。
tr	O	总是有很多谈话，但是工作从未白费。
tr	O	那个吻不再真实了，并且昨晚似乎已经远在天边。
tr	I	We know better than to go spreading gossip that might be hurtful to someone , but I suppose there are only a few of us who know .
tr	I	Her body swirled with a glowing red light , and she hissed .
tr	I	I can 't read him for anything , yet it makes me uneasy how he reads me so well .
tr	I	Gavin counts and I nod .
tr	I	Mom pulled a couple of blankets over us as we sat in silence , and the air in the station wagon was icy .
tr	I	It warmed me , and a smile from Terry was a rare thing .
tr	I	She accidentally overdosed , and the drug had been tampered with , making it even more dangerous .
tr	I	Then faintly disagree when Sam says he 's complaining too much , and I don 't have to do much more than faintly agree .
tr	O	船长的眉毛扬了起来，并且亚伯迅速补充了一个解释。
tr	I	Our family 's story is no exception , and CHAPTER 1 Three Weeks With My Brother Many stories begin with a simple lesson learned .
tr	I	Her customers came back in and the fire burned down rapidly .
tr	I	No man wanted his heir to be someone else 's get , but Jasper was very sophisticated .
tr	I	I can 't stop the feeling but I feel myself getting hotter , moister .
tr	O	火车又开始移动了，并且我们很快又回到了黑暗中。
tr	O	我意识到我的抱怨和哭泣时刻有时很难让人接受。
tr	I	There were the words he 'd been waiting for : It 's time to come home and his phone vibrated .
tr	O	黑暗正在努力抗争，努力获胜，但是它做不到！
tr	O	芬利像芭蕾舞演员一样旋转，并且当他们三人同时开口说话时，卡梅伦抬手捂住了嘴。
tr	I	They would be at the mercy of the other vampires and all he had to do was withdraw his protection .
tr	I	She was positively ravenous , and the aroma alone nearly did her in .
tr	O	她的私处在他周围收紧，并且他知道她即将再次达到高潮。
tr	I	I 'm sure it is scaring you and we 've had something going this week .
tr	O	他正慢慢学会击败他们所有人，并且只要她被允许观看，她就会为他加油。
tr	I	It was the only way I could describe what happened without using some less than appropriate words , but it sounded so clinical .
tr	O	美国没有很多州，但是我想去参观更多的州。
tr	O	他靠墙坐下，并且房间又陷入了寂静。
tr	O	他很害怕，并且他会逃跑的。
tr	I	Walls collapsed and Windows shattered .
tr	I	I thought I was about to lose it all ... but when you told me , I was so happy .
tr	O	这次拜访很顺利，但是她已经准备好让父亲离开了。
tr	O	我僵住了，以为那是个武器，但是那台机器反而好像在扫描我们。
tr	I	I was a great deal weaker , but I wasn 't quite useless away from the inn 's grounds .
tr	I	He would do it , but he may hate himself for the lives lost in the process .
tr	O	我顺从地回到了车里，并且我们继续缓慢前行。
tr	O	你就在这里，并且我们在一起。
tr	O	他看起来足够友好，但是萨姆对这一切感到非常紧张，以至于他仍然保持警惕。
tr	O	他们被蒂龙民兵（其中大部分是奥兰治党人）取代了，并且这些人更加盛气凌人。
tr	O	他看到了恐惧，但是他看到了信任。
tr	I	Shane was still angry , but Eric studied him thoughtfully .
tr	I	My mom is insistent , but I am hesitant .
tr	O	亚历克努力透过它看，但是另一边似乎没有人。
tr	O	她可以为所欲为，并且她的任何同事（现在地位远低于她的神圣地位）都不能说什么！
tr	I	Aria giggled , and she burped when she had finished .
tr	O	我并不是真的感到心烦，但是我感觉我应该心烦。
tr	I	When the time came , we couldn 't find him there , but afterward , we were going to meet him at the library .
tr	I	I was in no mood for a lecture and the look of him trying to figure me out .
tr	I	I also want a few minutes alone with Damien , but I do want a coffee .
tr	I	I stiffened , and he looked down at me .
tr	I	The doors slid open , and the elevator eased to a stop .
tr	I	His hair almost covered his eyes , and he tilted his head .
tr	I	I 'll start working on them , and I want you to make a list of the things you want changed .
tr	O	我会进去，出来，并且我们的生活就会回到正轨。
tr	O	她一整天都没有他的消息，并且她想确保他没事。
tr	I	I threw a glance over my shoulder to see Addie running behind Gabe , trying to block any bullets before they hit him and he pointed .
tr	I	You stood up to him anyway , but you were afraid like I was .
tr	O	他很有条不紊，并且他从不和那些爱找麻烦的狂野年轻人冒险。
tr	I	Of course they didn 't repeat the announcement , but she wasn 't sure she 'd heard right .
tr	I	It had never occurred to me that she would serve me out of such love , and Nia had been another servant passed from Dorian .
tr	I	That was the problem , and I had no desire to , though .
tr	O	她这样做是为了她所爱的男人，并且因此，她不会被吓退。
tr	O	电梯到了，并且他一言不发地离开了走廊。
tr	O	杰森把我向后一放，并且我看到了教练的笑容。
tr	I	Sarah amused herself with fanciful thoughts , and he looked back at her wordlessly .
tr	I	Will spun , and Tessa shouted .
tr	I	It crashed into the wall and I lifted up my feet .
tr	I	Then I don 't really know what he was like before The Program , but it doesn 't strike me as something Realm would be into .
tr	I	She didn 't want either one of them staying here , and there were only two humans here who knew this cave .
tr	I	Jeff had been correct , and they checked the distance .
tr	O	它对他的腰部的抓握比他一生中感受到的任何东西都更强，但是它没有造成伤害。
tr	I	He had not eaten beets , and his sheets were covered in bright red .
tr	O	我知道巴克散布了谣言，但是我没有听到细节。
tr	I	Quickly laced up my boots and I threw on my uniform .
tr	O	灰尘使呼吸困难，但是她太害怕了，无论如何也无法呼吸。
tr	I	It was still him in there somewhere , but he was still a stag , still not my love .
tr	I	There 's no tellin ' where it will go from there and he knows the day 's going to start out tense .
tr	O	TEC不会放过我们，并且爸爸担心他们不会就此罢休。
tr	I	It brings out the protectiveness in them , but I do not know what to call it .
tr	I	She didn 't want him to know she was here , but she couldn 't explain why .
tr	I	Though they both worked hard , they both wanted a family , and they shared the same taste in movies , in television shows .
tr	O	她从钱包里取出她的家门钥匙，并且罗伯特敏捷地从她的指间拿走了它。
tr	O	自从植入物以来，我能听到更多，多得多，但是声音已经变了。
tr	O	听着，今天下午要小心，并且放学后我们会多谈谈。
tr	I	Her fingers curled into fists , and her eyes flashed .
tr	O	她还有好多话想说，但是她已经看出亚历克斯想逃走了。
tr	O	凯莉终于爱上了某人，并且他正在对她撒谎。
tr	O	塔维环顾四周寻求帮助，但是什么也看不见。
tr	O	电梯到了，并且他伸出了手。
tr	I	I knew it and this man was danger .
tr	O	如果他抓到她，他会杀了她，并且周围没有人能帮助她。
tr	O	她很美丽，并且她无疑吸引了几位年轻男士的目光。
tr	O	她几乎要哭了，但是我告诉她没关系。
tr	I	A cloud of sand billowed up , and Doug 's crutches went flying .
tr	I	Harriet smiled down at him , and Instinctively Rupert reached for Harriet 's hand .
tr	I	I took advantage of the alone time with him , and we were both waiting for Jill to finish up .
tr	I	He realized that he needed to , but he really didn 't want to .
tr	O	丹妮的第一个念头是哭出来，但是她忍住了。
tr	O	有些风达到了飓风级别，并且它们摧毁了路径上的一切。
tr	I	I was younger then , but he deserved a lot better .
tr	O	她想忽略它，但是他仍然没有一个愚蠢的答录机。
tr	I	She had not yet given him permission , but he wanted to touch her .
tr	I	I paused when I heard you talking , but I didn 't listen at the doorway .
tr	O	皮娅的眼睛里充满了泪水，并且她心不在焉地拂去了它们。
tr	O	有一阵嗡嗡声，并且我的脸颊很疼。
tr	O	舞台上有一套架子鼓，并且一个年轻人保持着很好的节奏。
tr	O	他们到达了老人的家，并且安娜似乎被它的规模吓到了。
tr	O	第八章 我第二天早上醒来时带着一种决心，并且我赶紧出去和帕特的朋友们说话。
tr	O	当前门打开，并且杰里米走进门口时，寂静突然结束了。
tr	I	The feeling of being watched vanished with it along with the feeling of menace , and with that the twelve warriors seemed to slowly fade from view .
tr	I	You aren 't fine , and you 're not okay .
tr	I	I watch Nathan as he watches Gwen , but I pretend to look over my notes .
tr	O	那张美丽的脸很脏，并且他的眼睛悲伤得令人心痛。
tr	I	I don 't want to have to sit at the table yet , but it 's done .
tr	I	It was driving me nuts and I had no idea how Evangeline was doing .
tr	I	For a moment it was awkwardly quiet and the man expected more of an answer .
tr	O	我不知道我想要什么，但是我知道我不喜欢啤酒。
tr	O	我喜欢在薯条上放很多醋，但是塞缪尔是个番茄酱爱好者。
tr	O	她的眼睛下方有黑眼圈，并且她看起来急需睡眠。
tr	O	我等着药效过去，并且当他握我的手时，我独自在他的房间里。
tr	O	你拥有武装的英勇，并且你因此赢得崇高荣誉。
tr	O	它没有破裂，但是我听到了它的裂开声。
tr	O	他走了进去，并且格蕾琴的脸亮了起来。
tr	I	The nights were still cool enough to enjoy the brief respite from the heat of each day but Spring was well under way .
tr	O	曼迪告诉了护士，并且她给他的静脉输液里加入了更多的止痛药。
tr	I	She leaned her head against his shoulder and he pulled Angelica tight against him .
tr	O	母亲只来过一次，那是在我在奥林匹斯大发脾气后不久，并且即便那时也只是为了确保我表现良好。
tr	O	她仍然不信任，但是她一直容忍我的存在，因为肖恩非常坚持让我每天去看他。
tr	I	Men in suits lingered around with a few younger women clinging to their sides , and it was a Thursday .
tr	O	两只精巧的机械手打开了罐子的顶部，并且第三只手伸了进去，取出了一个长长的、滴着水的泡菜。
tr	O	我牵着她的手，并且我们进入了电梯。
tr	O	我们为第二天计划了一个重要的日子，并且我希望他们都处于最佳状态。
tr	O	那个男人做了个手势，并且帐篷的门帘飞开了。
tr	O	他红色的尾灯在夜里很刺眼，并且他的排气管正冒出薄薄的烟雾。
tr	I	He put that down to the dim lights , but she was a little blurry .
tr	O	敲门声在他的门上响起，并且他内疚地耸了耸肩，直起了身。
tr	O	他喝了下去，并且那温热的液体灼烧着他的喉咙。
tr	O	他开始说话，并且尽管我不知道他是否打算抗议，我也没有等着去发现。
tr	O	这是一个奇怪的故事，但是我不愿意谈论它。
tr	I	The other only stumbles , but one collapses to the concrete ground .
tr	I	He didn 't look happy but that fiance was now standing in the door to their bedroom .
tr	O	你必须离开，并且他也不想你留下。
tr	I	We end up watching some goofy vampire horror flick that makes us laugh and we decide to check out a movie .
tr	I	Even though it tasted different , I liked it , but none of us thought we 'd be able to eat it .
tr	I	She was writhing , one hand a claw , but Anna 's long black hair hid her face .
tr	O	休哼了一声诱哄的声音，并且接着他的嘴唇就贴了上来，他的舌头深入舔舐，就像他接吻的方式一样。
tr	O	他看着屏幕，但是查克没有认出那部电影。
tr	O	我让她证明，但是她拿不出那本书。
tr	I	I had to suppress the urge to kick it out from under him , and Jesse leaned back in the chair .
tr	I	Her bones melted and Sarah felt the heat of his body .
tr	I	I could almost imagine his mental battle , and his next text wasn 't nearly so fast .
tr	I	They took the time to kidnap you , but something has got everyone running around like crazy .
tr	O	我一直很害怕我的会议上有些粉丝变得多么疯狂，但是模仿我，在我看来有点过分了。
tr	I	We 'll be together and James will be here .
tr	I	She knew it and this was crazy .
tr	O	我告诉了威尔关于那场诉讼的事，并且他要去芝加哥看望他的父亲。
tr	O	丹妮也跳了，被卷入激流中，但是她没有松开杰斯。
tr	O	我吃完后，看着其他人用干颗粒把碗刮干净，但是我却没有。
tr	O	她悄悄走到一扇门前，打开了它，并且内特跟着她穿过门进入了远处的黑暗中。
tr	I	Stefan would bet his undead life that he was listening in but Damon wasn 't present .
tr	O	宇宙大部分是由暗物质组成的，并且只有阿兹雷尔知道它是什么。
tr	I	His silver gaze slid over her face and he cupped her nape in his hand .
tr	O	有无数现实生活中的受害者可能会讲述一个不同的故事，但是每个故事都应该得到它应有的信任。
tr	O	他有很多自由，但是这伴随着很多责任。
tr	I	He 'd rather feast on one of them than that thing in her hand , and he still hadn 't eaten his boots either .
tr	I	I seem to be forgotten for the moment , and she begins to rebuke her for frightening Albert .
tr	I	His men frequent this place and I know he .
tr	O	我吃了早餐后没那么饿了，但是梅森夫人坚持要我吃点东西。
tr	I	She will protect them for the rest of her life and they take care of her .
tr	O	她浓妆艳抹的眼睛锁定在我的眼睛上，并且所有的戏谑瞬间从它们中消失了。
tr	O	别人不会听我的，并且他们也不会仅仅接受我所说的作为事实。
tr	O	他的手指擦过我内衣的边缘，并且我无法阻止那声从我唇边溢出的期待的呻吟。
tr	O	我们是很好的朋友，现在也是，但是我们不是好的配偶。
tr	O	这是艰难的一天，并且我筋疲力尽。
tr	O	她以前从未进去过，但是它看起来不像她想象的那样。
tr	I	I wanted to feel and his disapproval filled the room , threatening to ruin all the happiness she felt .
tr	I	Then he started picking out a tune , and he bit his lip like he was considering something .
tr	O	你要我谈论我的儿子，并且接着你甚至不能看我的脸？
tr	O	浪花溅过船头，并且小船在波浪间下沉，甲板上覆满了白沫。
tr	O	VIN 准备好了，并且他头朝下漂进了垂直管道。
tr	I	It was a dizzy , wandering effort but Markman tried to trot away across the street .
tr	I	He 'd insisted on letting it grow , but she 'd told him he needed a haircut .
tr	I	They held each other in silence and he pulled her against him .
tr	I	She did , but no one would come see me .
tr	O	杰姬最终和伊恩在一起了，并且他们现在期待的孩子是伊恩的。
tr	O	在廷伯莱克来得及抗议之前，倒计时已经开始，并且他的手自动伸向那个大的红色开关。
tr	I	I know you 'd never hurt her , yet it 's all over you .
tr	O	无论那是什么，这与我留下雪球有关，并且我需要所有能得到的建议，所以无论如何，去他的。
tr	O	尼尔看着它发生感到恶心，但是他却无法移开视线。
tr	I	We were alone , and the monk had left .
tr	I	He had to stay in control for awhile longer , but he was like a caged tiger ready to snap .
tr	I	I knew it had been much shorter than that , but it seemed as if we were down there endlessly .
tr	I	With Nova , I feel like I can finally talk about it , but I always refused to give details .
tr	O	他们手牵手站在那里，一动不动，然而罗斯感到重力正在消失。
tr	I	Then he 'd just chase me , but I could run .
tr	I	Air screamed , and she screamed .
tr	O	这很吓人，并且这些报告引起了警方的关注。
tr	I	Dean rolled his eyes beneath his shades and the kid scrolled through screens at the speed of light .
tr	I	He never really gave it much thought , but Connor was always intrigued by faith .
tr	I	She 'd heard that Scotsmen liked their liquor , but she 'd probably overdone it on the martinis .
tr	O	他不是一个轻易被吓到的人，但是早些时候的事件之后，情况已经改变了。
tr	I	I grabbed at it anyway , but my hair were braided back .
tr	I	I kept talking , but my mind was screaming at me to shut the hell up .
tr	I	Light poured through them , and they were completely together .
tr	O	成熟的树木排列在街道两旁，并且整齐修剪的草坪从路边一直延伸到紧密相连的朴素房屋。
tr	O	他们从未做过比这更多的事情，然而每一个吻都比上一个含有更大的力量。
tr	I	I am her brother , and there was no chance .
tr	I	The two of them became inseparable , and the sense of power was incredible .
tr	I	It was definitely unique but it wasn 't nearly as conservative as she thought the client might want .
tr	I	He loved looking in the windows of the restaurants and it wasn 't hard to realize that he was in the Theater District .
tr	O	我迅速地扫了一眼斜坡下方，望向山谷，并且我的心因恐惧而变得冰冷。
tr	O	没有回应，并且他也没有留下任何信息。
tr	I	Scotia shrugged , and the news of her affair with Mercer didn 't seem to surprise anyone in the room .
tr	O	他在发抖，并且我注意到他只穿了一件薄衬衫。
tr	I	Dare didn 't move , but I shied away from the stinging projectiles .
tr	O	他的皮肤蜡黄，并且他的眼睛，眼圈发黑，在他看到我时困惑地睁大了。
tr	I	I couldn 't get my body to cooperate , but mentally I knew I had to move .
tr	O	那么现在丹佛很务实，并且我比其他任何事情都更欣赏这一点。
tr	O	他们是死者的灵魂，并且他们不知道。
tr	O	伊莎贝尔的脸上仍然带着可爱的噘嘴，但是我从她的眼睛里看到了摧毁小村庄的风暴。
tr	O	然后现实降临了，并且他意识到这意味着她将花更多时间处于危险中。
tr	O	他摇了摇头，但是他的脸保持中立。
tr	I	We both laughed and my stomach grumbled .
tr	I	If you let him , he would laughingly admit defeat , but for any date since , he was glad to make up stories if pressed .
tr	O	他轻轻地笑了，但是喜悦从未到达他的眼睛。
tr	I	I are both virgins and Dad probably thinks my sister .
tr	I	These were newer looking , but he thought they had destroyed all the tanks back at the base .
tr	I	It was the access point to almost a dozen more but the two way street wasn 't only used for Elias 's warehouse .
tr	I	She managed to catch it , and the spear arced towards her .
tr	O	他是战士，并且战士拯救了人们。
tr	I	For the life of me , I couldn 't fall asleep , but Carter quickly dropped off .
tr	O	我仍然不觉得饿，并且暗示史丹也无济于事。
tr	I	The dark seemed to drag on and the night never seemed to end .
tr	O	艾玛拉出了桌子主位的椅子，并且奥尔加给她倒了一杯水。
tr	O	艾萨克苍白的脸盘旋在她上方，并且她在遮住眼睛时呻吟了一声。
tr	O	这次她笑了，一个温柔、温暖的笑容，并且他为自己感到羞愧。
tr	O	这两个外星人把我们带回了地球，并且他们没必要这样做。
tr	O	我从我的手套箱里抓起了手电筒，并且我们悄无声息地踩过灌木丛走向我们的小地点。
tr	I	All the others he could not see , but Little did Burnett know it wasn 't him she feared .
tr	O	她的脸上带着温暖的笑容，并且当我凝视她时，我的笑容也与她相配。
tr	O	我们面对面紧紧地坐在一起，但是我们的灵魂仿佛突然缝合在一起，紧密相连，融为一体。
tr	I	It was usually the best part of my day , and it was the one class we shared all semester .
tr	O	她似乎发现他在打量她，并且她给了他一个出奇冷的笑容。
tr	O	他对待这个可爱的年轻女子的方式是一种罪行，但是她一直无法弄清楚如何阻止这一切。
tr	O	鬼影抬起头，并且她看向楼梯顶部。
tr	O	他把牛仔裤扔向我，并且它们打到了我的脸上。
tr	I	Noel could only find the barrel and the explosion had strewn things everywhere .
tr	I	I shrug , acting like going to another church is no big deal , even though it kinda is , but Will beams at that .
tr	I	You 're a Creat , and I 'll bet the rumors are right .
tr	O	大多数人已婚，但是他们每天早上仍然花时间计划一起外出过夜，尽管这些计划很少实现。
tr	I	I felt familiarity , but I couldn 't see individual faces .
tr	I	He got them started cutting the floorboards , and two girls had finished their section of the wall .
tr	I	The Durango emerged onto the road without the slightest hesitation , but she felt a sudden apprehension as he drove across .
tr	O	定居者几周前就离开了约克工厂，但是商人之间的议论并没有停止。
tr	O	特里斯坦为你疯狂，并且你为他疯狂。
tr	O	科琳的脸变成了覆盆子的颜色，并且她看起来快要换气过度了。
tr	I	She felt it was blood and Mia swallowed something .
tr	O	我开始给他拉开拉链，并且他抓住了我的手。
tr	O	那是一次简短的对话，并且我欣然接受了他帮助清理我公寓里烂摊子的提议。
tr	I	She felt very lucky to have such wonderful grandparents , and she thought of all the fun things they did together .
tr	I	The only thing I was focused on was Jude , but everyone had stopped to stare at the three of us .
tr	O	她说不，但是我并没有生气。
tr	I	He looked defeated and his shoulders slumped .
tr	O	一丝认命的神情掠过她的脸庞，但是她没有再多说什么。
tr	I	Her resistance wasn 't strong enough to defeat him , but she was attracted to him , fighting it as hard as she could .
tr	I	They were also rippling , but Brian could see the stars beyond it .
tr	I	In Europe , humans used to hunt us , but I can 't speak for this country .
tr	I	Those sitting in the back suddenly fell to their knees , and I heard a trumpet sound .
tr	I	The shot glass meant for Tamar remained untouched , and they tipped back their drinks .
tr	O	我打开门，并且Onyx正站在外面。
tr	O	我们匆匆走进Julie的卧室，并且她关掉了灯。
tr	I	Her death served no purpose , and she was someone I respected .
tr	I	Since there was no immediate sign of damage , he assumed the jet 's occupants were in no immediate danger , and something did not seem right .
tr	I	Others are devils and some men are soulless .
tr	O	他的肚子咕咕叫了，并且他瞥了一眼手表。
tr	O	我看不见它，但是我却莫名地感觉到了它，仿佛它在呼唤我。
tr	I	There should have been way more , but the amount of smoke coming from the car was minimal .
tr	I	I know you 'll just hold back , but I want to ask you what 's wrong .
tr	O	他扯掉了覆盖在卡拉嘴上的胶带，并且当胶水撕扯她的皮肤时她倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	门铃响了，并且我瞥了一眼，稍微整理了一下我的红卷发。
tr	I	They simply do not fit , but over the years I have tried to lend them to people .
tr	I	Gwen didn 't seem to notice , but the night air cooled their bodies .
tr	I	He also knew that most historical testimony was grounded in some form of truth , but the facts of today didn 't support it .
tr	O	伤害你并非计划，但是它必须经我之手发生。
tr	I	There was a great chime of steel and again he struck .
tr	I	The shop was too dead for that to be the cause , but she could tell that Kai 's shop was empty , save for them .
tr	I	She pushed it out of the way and Miriam 's hair fell into her face .
tr	O	我们把他们带到驾驶舱，并且他们开始进入他们的船。
tr	O	这块板子很容易就能再多钻一个，甚至两个孔，但是坦白说，我认为那会是浪费孔位。
tr	O	小小的疙瘩到处都冒了出来，并且她伸出手，她的手落在他结实的肩膀上。
tr	O	这些家伙几乎起不到作用，但是我还是听他们的抱怨。
tr	I	We continued our walk to the car , and I hooked my arm through Addie 's .
tr	O	他告诉我萨拉为了另一个男人离开了他，并且我无法相信。
tr	O	你说的实话，但是你没有取得任何进展。
tr	I	Her smile burst into a grin at their exchanged approving glances , and she smiled at the guards outside her door .
tr	I	She 's watching me like a lynx , and in 2011 I can 't just carry the chronograph around the house , because Charlotte suspects something .
tr	O	尼尔热情地讲话，并且力奇惊讶地看着他。
tr	I	I came up short , and I was two steps ahead of Vee , leading the way out .
tr	I	The bodies strewn around him , and Clare paused , looking at her terrified lover .
tr	I	Together mixed with that toothy grin went hand in hand with the merchant business , and they were friendly eyes .
tr	I	Her chest heaved as she remembered to breath , and the air turned to molasses .
tr	O	普劳图斯只想让我展示一部分我的金属骨架，但是那会立刻暴露我给聚集起来的亚该亚人。
tr	O	白天已经够糟糕了，但是到了那个时候，它简直是冰冷的。
tr	O	男人进入了他的车，并且凯特看着他发动引擎，确保他开车离开。
tr	I	We knew that he had no idea of what to do with us but as we made our way to the King we saw beautiful women everywhere .
tr	O	我的视力似乎正在衰退，并且我无法阅读我的圣经。
tr	O	他可能曾希望有一个新的开始，并且反而遭受了沉重打击。
tr	I	Watched as hundreds of arrows took flight , and he ordered , making a chopping motion with his outstretched sword .
tr	O	第四首歌是一支慢舞，并且艾莉发现自己情不自禁地随着它舞动。
tr	O	一头黑龙落在她身后，并且几乎立刻他们就变成了人形。
tr	I	He considered ignoring it and his cell phone buzzed .
tr	O	这在成员中并不广为人知，但是学会运营着自己的药物研究项目。
tr	O	当她挥手告别时，一辆校车停在了伊娃身后，并且孩子们从里面涌了出来。
tr	O	那是完美的，而且他会确保她永远无法忘记此事。
tr	O	他的眼睛亮了起来，带着仿佛是笑意的神采，并且接着他从口袋里掏出了手机。
tr	I	His eyes pulled me under , but I wanted to say more .
tr	O	蒂根答应了杰克，但是她仍然感到紧张。
tr	O	他又笑了，但是听起来很勉强。
tr	I	She squeezed his hand harder and Aidan glanced over at Leah .
tr	O	没有声音，但是他突然出现在那里。
tr	I	He was afraid he 'd lose her , and he thought her mortality made her fragile .
tr	I	The raging war that she knew was coming , or Scarlett wasn 't sure if he meant their first class .
tr	O	这不是彩弹，并且也不是颜料。
tr	O	凯的头猛地抬起，并且国王招手示意他加入御座旁的队伍。
tr	O	他笑了，但是他的兄弟没有。
tr	O	房租不是免费的，并且普雷斯顿也不会接受钱。
tr	I	He blanched at her bruised skin , and his gaze fly to her neck .
tr	O	卡罗琳迅速同意了，并且比利承诺在她六点下班时去接她。
tr	I	She strained to absorb the light , and the pale wash of the outdoors filtered through several uncovered windows .
tr	I	Caleb wasn 't about to make another mistake with Holly , but he had to admit he was beginning to feel his body 's long neglect .
tr	I	His eyes met mine , and then he snapped to .
tr	I	Her eyes dropped to the ground and she felt her face fill with colour .
tr	O	有一个人试图拿着某种粉末冲向我，但是我给那个女人的一眼让她退缩了。
tr	O	他差点像失去他姐姐一样失去她，并且眼泪顺着他的脸颊流了下来。
tr	O	陌生人走向门口，但是安吉丽娜以吸血鬼般的速度先到达了门口。
tr	O	我转过身，并且她就在那里。
tr	I	Most agreed they sucked , and her painting was a futile attempt at artistic expression .
tr	O	你没有一个妹妹可以折磨，而且你的妈妈太脆弱了。
tr	I	She appeared to carefully choose her words and the older woman 's gaze narrowed .
tr	I	The woman loved to talk , but I liked her a lot .
tr	I	There was going to be a huge scar there for ever , and it was healing badly , still leaking blood .
tr	I	Miriam didn 't care , but Dreamer wasn 't joking about having a long distance friendship .
tr	O	这只是一个很长的故事，而且我想告诉你真相。
tr	I	I wasn 't fast enough but I tried to work as fast as I could .
tr	I	I still had two working legs but the bus might have been gone .
tr	I	This was a very busy street and they were still by the mall .
tr	I	I knew what was expected of me , and he pursed his lips .
tr	O	这意味着要早起一点，但是我并不介意。
tr	I	I need you to be patient , but I don 't know what he will tell you .
tr	I	The three of them spent the rest of the afternoon sitting outside , talking about old times and her mother rejoined them a short time later .
tr	I	The arresting officer had called Quinlan at home , but it was after midnight .
tr	I	I knew I had startled her and her head shot up straight .
tr	I	I 'd learned from Phoenix that we were finally going to see the Covenant after all , but I wasn 't supposed to know the location .
tr	I	I was in no state to care but it probably cost like a thousand bucks .
tr	I	That meant getting all the help she possibly could , and there was only one way to do that though .
tr	I	The boy dragged himself up the steps to reach a corridor , and then there were stairs .
tr	I	He 'd never say so out loud , but he envied what his brother had found .
tr	O	弗兰克扭动身体离开了椅子，但是一只手臂仍然牢牢地固定着。
tr	O	前门仍然关着，但是里德不在公寓里。
tr	I	Belinda had made this trek in the dark more times than she could count , but the room was completely dark .
tr	I	She would end up spending the holiday alone , and ultimately her strategy would fail .
tr	I	He didn 't suppose they would stop for a meal with Guardians on their trail , but his stomach rumbled .
tr	I	The soldiers rushed out , taking cover behind makeshift barriers ; the ruins of the earlier battle , and the doors of the base opened .
tr	I	We 'll have to be hellish careful , but we 'll do what we can meanwhile .
tr	O	安德鲁转过身打招呼，并且突然他口干舌燥。
tr	O	我从未爱过柯斯蒂，但是我给了她爱。
tr	O	特雷弗有一个迷人的身体，但是他的身材不像凯德那样分明。
tr	O	她漫不经心地想知道他是否也在杜克大学读研究生，但是她对此表示怀疑。
tr	O	盖乌斯可以治愈自己，治愈伯纳德，并且他们都可以离开这个可怕的地方。
tr	I	I could feel the heat , and Satan was waiting .
tr	O	我爬进副驾驶座，并且米卡打开了车库门。
tr	I	She never stopped fighting , but she couldn 't break free from this one .
tr	O	弗朗西丝又眨了眨眼，但是海市蜃楼没有回来。
tr	O	瑞秋不明白他等了那么久之后为什么还要给她一个退出的机会，但是她很感激这份体贴。
tr	O	范让花朵出现，并且詹森让它们消失了。
tr	O	波尔姨妈一直是他生活的中心，并且随着她的双胞胎出生，她的生活现在圆满了。
tr	O	她鼓起最后一点力气，向前猛冲，剑疯狂地挥舞着……但是遇到了阻力！
tr	I	It speeds on by , siren blaring , but I pray that the police car will follow us .
tr	I	Gradually her face changed from disgust into something like desire , and Sarah joined them , sitting across from Michael .
tr	I	Sure enough , an unopened milk carton rested at the back of the top shelf and Susannah moved a number of plastic containers onto the counter .
tr	O	她对伊森不是很了解，但是她确实对他有点好感。
tr	O	我有五个妻子，而且我了解索马里女性。
tr	I	I needed every foot of altitude to get her over an airport somewhere and our airspeed was about 200 knots .
tr	O	他睡了绝不超过三个小时，而且大部分时间都充满了疯狂的梦。
tr	O	科尔多瓦转身面对我，而且我感到呼吸一滞。
tr	O	我不能保证能给你所有你应得的，但是我可以向你保证你会拥有我的一切。
tr	I	There didn 't seem to be anything unusual about it , but it was made of soft lace .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to explain to her my reasons .
tr	I	A small ember leapt up to catch at the curtain but they seemed to be staying close to her body .
tr	O	太阳开始下山了，而且雨真的下大了。
tr	I	Maybe it was just my imagination , or he 'd changed , even in the nearly twelve months since he 'd been overseas .
tr	O	她自从从葡萄牙回来后，就没见过这样的景象了，而且它同样壮丽，尽管有所不同。
tr	O	该公司想把这艘船命名为企业号，但是拥有旧《星际迷航》节目版权的公司提起了诉讼。
tr	O	我找不到一罐相应的煤油，但是当我抬起加热器时，我听到了其油箱内充足的燃料晃动声。
tr	O	我张开嘴想尖叫，但是瑞安笑了。
tr	O	他弓起他的臀部，并且她感到那种动作传到了她身体的最深处。
tr	I	The screenings began and the lights dimmed .
tr	O	我看到一扇连接着房间的门，并且我突然感到好奇。
tr	O	是的，命运是真实存在的，并且他的名字叫爱默生·雷。
tr	I	The color seemed to seep out of her cheeks , and her shoulders caved downward .
tr	O	琳达为此确实倾尽了全力，并且他感觉到埃莉在图书馆的交流后感到不舒服。
tr	I	There will be no interference with church administration , but the new tsar will assert himself as head .
tr	O	整个罗克维尔地区曾经是农田，并且科林正在寻找的地址仍然是农田。
tr	O	我一定是跑进去了，但是 我从未告诉任何人。
tr	I	People scattered and drinks spilled .
tr	O	现在她有两个小时赶到旧金山，而且 她必须离开这个家，也许是含着泪，再次。
tr	O	我想那是她第一次对他撒谎，而且 这让她感觉很糟糕。
tr	I	Cody let him out , into our fenced backyard , and Chase bounded frantically around us .
tr	I	He doesn 't protest , just follows me in silence ; but from his expression , March has some inkling what I intend .
tr	I	I feel bad for asking her a question she can 't possibly answer , and Katarina mumbles through her gagged mouth .
tr	O	他的床是特大号的，并且 它面朝河流。
tr	I	Every word got absorbed and his voice was loud .
tr	I	Gem hit the button for the second floor , and Hemp then reached in , slid his card .
tr	O	他的手腕被包扎起来了，并且 他的小指上打着小石膏。
tr	I	The majority remained , but some had been destroyed in the Clearances .
tr	I	He believes what he 's doing is right , or Hemming is either a mercenary .
tr	I	They couldn 't find our men , but they hacked around in the underbrush for a little while .
tr	O	泪水充满了她的眼睛，并且 她摇了摇头。
tr	O	我的人在我周围，并且 所有人的头都转向了天空。
tr	I	Unlike the rest of the stronghold , it was very cool inside , and it was a storeroom .
tr	O	那是狠狠的一脚，并且 我的身体一侧剧痛起来。
tr	I	She left off and couldn 't tell where he began .
tr	O	她知道他那时会把手抽开，并且她会和以前一样。
tr	I	The estrogen in the air was palpable , but the guys may have been on a testosterone rush .
tr	I	She was in pretty good shape , but she hadn 't exercised nearly as much as she should lately .
tr	I	At the corner of Agnes 's house I froze , but I walked along the dark side yard toward the street .
tr	I	It 's not a big deal , but I usually run the track at school .
tr	I	They wanted to be there when he did and the team felt sure that His Lordship would pass on the diamonds sometime soon .
tr	I	She still couldn 't get anything but Victoria tried to hear his thoughts .
tr	I	She never felt anything like love from him , and no , she definitely hadn 't loved Edward .
tr	O	他盘问过她，但是她装傻。
tr	O	琼的眉毛深深皱起，并且她的眼睛眯成了一条缝。
tr	I	Yet he cared more about what was going on in the kitchen , and Tony Romo was launching a pretty convincing attack against his former teammates .
tr	I	They touched cheeks and he leaned forward .
tr	I	His injuries were too grave , but the nanobots in his body were trying feverishly to repair the damage .
tr	O	她觉得自己的心应该狂跳，但是它跳不动了。
tr	I	She tried to attack again and that didn 't stop Lea .
tr	O	最后她可能会讨厌露营，但是去做是唯一能知道的方式。
tr	O	他们不知怎么抓住了他，并且杰夫对他施展锁喉，时间有点过长。
tr	I	That had been a victory , and last night had been nightmarish !
tr	I	She was calling for a rematch and he 'd only just laid his head down upon his pillow .
tr	O	他迈了一步进来，并且我往后退了。
tr	I	He wanted them fast , and he wanted answers .
tr	O	他们在小径上拐了个弯，并且史蒂夫看到了它。
tr	I	I felt better and he tilted his head to me .
tr	O	她大部分被毯子盖着，只有她光着的脚和几缕长长的黑发露在外面。
tr	I	I clutched the edge of the counter until my fingers turned white , and jealousy twisted my gut .
tr	I	Mia seemed to be one of the keys and there were many unknowns in this game .
tr	I	Still was , even in her senior year of high school and Annie had been a valuable asset the previous summer .
tr	O	我停顿了一下，不想问，但是我需要知道我昏过去后发生了什么。
tr	I	She slid nimbly into the seat and he opened her door .
tr	I	Though I 've come to terms with it , the abandonment hurt , and my mom ditched me .
tr	O	我毁了她，并且我应该为此付出代价！
tr	I	She was smiling shyly and she had seen Damon .
tr	I	He rocked against her and she parted her thighs .
tr	O	他比她高出一个头，并且他脸上那邪恶又饥渴的笑容让她崩溃了。
tr	O	他的唇在我肌肤上游移，此处彼处地吻着我，轻声细语着我几乎听不清的话语。
tr	O	是时候换个话题了，因为这个话题可能会惹恼我，并且我没有心情被惹恼。
tr	O	我是妮可，并且今晚我将是您的服务员。
tr	O	我需要那些药，并且我必须把它们压下去。
tr	I	A tiny trickle of blood started to come out of Finn 's left ear , and Anita 's nose began to bleed .
tr	I	Just like that , his eyes were back to normal , and he smiled .
tr	I	I was fifteen , and he was sixteen .
tr	O	他的黑眼睛像刀子一样刺向我，并且我退缩了。
tr	I	I try to hide my disappointment , and as the door swings open my hand drops to my side .
tr	I	My grip on his arm stopped him , but Isaiah went to launch himself over the fence to help .
tr	I	I laughed and Nic wiggled his eyebrows .
tr	O	简和他们一起走了，但是丹尼尔抓住了她的手臂。
tr	I	Part of her wasn 't and part of her was pleased .
tr	I	The floor was tile , and the walls were painted a soft green .
tr	I	He couldn 't help himself , but no business letting her inside his defenses when he had no choice except to let her go .
tr	I	I wished like hell that it was Walker , but I knew it was one of my parents .
tr	O	看到这样组合在一起的鱼很奇怪，但是他不必深究。
tr	O	床上的男人立刻开始抽搐，并且监测他生命体征的机器开始失控。
tr	O	我腿上的疼痛又开始发作了，并且我需要撑过去。
tr	I	I eagerly clasped hold of it and my brother stretched his hand back .
tr	I	He wasn 't seeing any reprieve in the near future , and his life had been turned upside down by all this .
tr	I	Then he stilled , and Hart entered her with a gasp of desperation .
tr	O	她的眼睛猛地闭上，并且她努力忍住不让眼泪掉下来的样子让我心如刀绞。
tr	O	一股暖流顺着我的手臂流过，并且我的心怦怦直跳。
tr	O	他的话语在她耳边回荡，并且她突然感到非常不舒服。
tr	I	We had to wait until we were alone , but I was dying to compare notes with Kim .
tr	I	The shadow behind him was gone and Daniel looked to the glass again .
tr	O	显然，泰特认出了霍普，但是他却没有表露他认识她。
tr	I	The disembodied voices from the hospital paging system floated on the air like ghosts , and the hospital room hummed from the heating system .
tr	I	I stared at him , which seemed to piss him off only more and he just started yelling .
tr	O	于是甘道夫轻声吟唱，并且突然间他变了。
tr	O	沙土在我的指甲里，并且树根扎进我的背部。
tr	I	It was that lack of regret that caused him concern , and he wasn 't sure he regretted that he had pushed his emotions so completely aside .
tr	O	现在所有人都知道阿尔泰了，而且在这里，至少在堡垒的山麓，他再次成为了大师。
tr	O	你很美，并且你是我的。
tr	O	阿拉娜几乎吞下了他的长度，而且那可不是一件容易的事。
tr	I	She knew he saw it by his sigh , and there was no way to hide the shock on her face .
tr	O	她搬回霍尔顿的计划仍然让史蒂文担忧，但是他希望她能快乐。
tr	O	狮子再次尖叫，并且那个声音从我的喉咙里发出。
tr	I	His heart was thumping hard within his chest , and his breathing was labored .
tr	I	Her sleepy face was perfect and her hair was a tangled mess .
tr	I	I was his everything , and Walker was my everything .
tr	O	她听见米兰达的门开了，并且第三名承包商加入了他们。
tr	I	The blanket that I had pulled from the bed had slipped off my shoulders , piling in a heap on the floor and it was dark outside .
tr	I	I sat and Joey left .
tr	O	我的眼睛敌不过风，并且我不得不放弃保持它们睁开的努力。
tr	O	大众都涌向了那座最先进的设施，并且我们也照做了。
tr	I	She could see herself , and she could see herself .
tr	I	Joey went to work , but mom had stayed home .
tr	I	She spoke before he could begin , but always a believer in doing the hard things first , he planned to jump right in .
tr	I	They were all about to get even better , and this was the best day of her life .
tr	O	他意识到了黑暗，但是那仅此而已。
tr	I	She wanted to stay in control , but she really wanted a drink to calm her nerves .
tr	I	I get that you need to be there , and I get that he 's going through something .
tr	O	它的光滑表面出现了线条，并且板块开始在球体表面移动。
tr	I	She answered it right anyway but she did not recognized the number .
tr	O	她能深切地感觉到它，如果她努力寻找，但是它对她没有控制力。
tr	I	He did not protest , but Jack did not look pleased .
tr	I	I hate myself for it and I 'm about to cry .
tr	I	Hannah shrieked at his attack , but Robert swung his club down toward the Yankee 's head .
tr	I	A familiar knot twisted along his spine , and his headache came back with a vengeance .
tr	I	She just pushed him away , but Milos tried to comfort her .
tr	I	I keep my word and Lexie counts on me .
tr	I	I had to look away and my voice failed me at the end .
tr	I	He didn 't answer but she knocked on his door .
tr	O	她的头发呈松散的波浪状垂至背部中部，并且褪色的牛仔裤很宽松，黑色的运动衫也是如此。
tr	O	他需要停止盯着她的嘴看，或者她会产生错误的念头。
tr	I	It was the least of my worries right now , but my neat sensibilities cringed at that kind of mess .
tr	I	He was better off not knowing , but the questions were making him crazy .
tr	I	He fell away and he had been unable to close the door as his ankle twisted .
tr	I	His grip was too strong , but she tried to pull free .
tr	I	It was kind of perfect , and it was done .
tr	O	她看着霍沃斯，并且她的举止变得自信起来。
tr	I	It seemed like an infinite amount of time , but we stood in silence for only a few moments .
tr	I	I told him I did not know , and he asked how cheese was made .
tr	O	我看着扎恩脱下鞋子，并且他示意我做同样的事。
tr	I	I feel his hardness between us and he pulls me a little closer to him .
tr	I	She ran right past where he was hiding , with long , bounding , effortless strides , and he watched Jenny playing outside for a while .
tr	O	我问了，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	The temptation was too strong , but I told myself not to look down .
tr	I	You 're case ... learn to trust again and Learning to love again is a hard task .
tr	O	她对几乎每个人都笑了，但是笑容从未到达她的眼底。
tr	I	He knew that he would love her until the end of his days and she was his Fated One .
tr	I	The urge to protect her remained , but he realized he was taking a risk by continuing to shut her out .
tr	O	布伦达显然很生气，但是她的眼睛也透露出她知道他们别无选择。
tr	O	我回敬她一个点头，并且她走向了我卧室的门。
tr	I	She couldn 't go back to Paris empty handed , and she hadn 't found the answers she needed yet .
tr	O	我伸出手去抓住塑料的一个边缘，并且随之而来的是一系列连锁反应般的动作，发出了多米诺骨牌般的叮当声。
tr	O	有时只有它们的腿会被摧毁，并且我不得不将它们蠕动着的躯干踩得粉碎。
tr	I	The tribe 's people began to whisper and he shouted .
tr	I	I handed him one of my extra napkins , but a rather dashing whipped cream mustache it was .
tr	I	His chin was propped on top of her head and his hands were gently rubbing her shoulder soothingly .
tr	I	There is a selection process and I enter the information .
tr	O	她把你扔了，试图翻过去，并且你把头摔破了。
tr	I	I refused to give up but the woman was unresponsive .
tr	I	He fell away to darkness and again the pain was too much to absorb .
tr	I	I can feel my hand being pushed upwards and I slowly push one hand into the opening .
tr	O	最后我强迫自己吞咽，并且当我设法开口说话时，听起来更像是一声嘶哑的叫声。
tr	O	当她把钥匙插进锁孔时，门轻松地滑开了，并且她走了进去。
tr	I	I can 't do that and that will outright crush her .
tr	O	他走开了，而我让他走。
tr	O	他们正在唱圣诞歌曲，并且我觉得它们很可爱。
tr	O	那会很棒，并且乔什将会得到他有史以来看过的最精彩演出的前排座位！
tr	O	为了呼吸，他不得不向前坐着，并且睡觉变得几乎不可能了。
tr	I	That would just bring Rick running , but I could try ripping out some wires from the insides .
tr	I	Maybe his was as well and her time was past .
tr	O	妈妈现在坐在我对面的桌子旁，并且她的咖啡杯转啊转，转啊转。
tr	O	我尽力保持这种客观，但是事实上，泽维尔是一个有魅力的男人。
tr	O	那个词可能在她脑海中浮现了一秒钟，但是她没有把它说出来。
tr	O	一种可怕的挤压感压迫着我的胸口，并且我开始呼吸困难。
tr	O	他的手指更紧地捏住我的屁股，并且他把我推向墙壁时，我倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	他的脸低了下来，并且我的心跳停止了。
tr	I	The threat of silent treatment had actually made her stop complaining , but Neil could hardly believe it .
tr	I	My stomach starts to growl and it smells like heaven .
tr	I	He puffed out another nervous breath and his expression was sympathetic .
tr	O	另外三个人在一个药物滥用治疗小组，就在玛丽亚和我在我们的小组里的时候。
tr	O	如果我尝试，我能轻易记住，但是我目前正在朝着相反的方向努力。
tr	O	亨特给了我一个怀疑的眼神，但是当他看到我在说什么时，他的表情变了。
tr	I	He made her play it for him and he found that she played the fiddle .
tr	O	当我把手放在墙上时，墙溶解了，并且我轻松地走了过去。
tr	I	She looked up at him with her own smirk , and she swallowed as her hand wrapped around the base .
tr	O	我看不清他们的脸，而且这简直要把我逼疯了。
tr	I	Our eyes locked and I looked up .
tr	O	他的眼睛闭上了，并且他的脸上洋溢着纯粹的幸福，当她骑在他身上时。
tr	O	伊恩将他们交握的双手拢在自己手中，并且金凯德发誓他感觉到了一股电流的冲击。
tr	O	我想低头看看我的腿，但是我害怕看到还剩下什么。
tr	I	They did not fall , but tears filled my eyes .
tr	I	He silently applauded , and his dark brows arched .
tr	O	我知道我还没有完全准备好面对内玛，而且我想尽可能多地待在这里。
tr	I	Magnus did not have time to waste , but double green sounded interesting .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to let her down , and Casey needed me .
tr	O	她看着沃特斯夫人试图耸耸肩表示不以为意，但是她能看出来她也觉得塔米很笨。
tr	I	It upset her , and he was hurt .
tr	I	He 'd never tortured a woman , but as a human he 'd been merciless to his enemies .
tr	I	From what he heard this morning , Clara 's pack was an open group , but each pack behaved differently .
tr	O	后门仍然开着，并且他用力推动轮子，将他的椅子推到门廊上。
tr	O	他的手摸向脸颊，但是他只是在触摸，感受那根可恨的管子的存在。
tr	I	I swung my head back to see who was there and I heard the door creak behind me .
tr	I	We shall do well , and ' Let them be .
tr	O	有些标志他懂其含义，但是其他的他所拥有的对他来说是未知的。
tr	O	罗伯船长举起望远镜，看到要塞里有几门大炮瞄准着港口入口，并且正对着他的船只。
tr	O	她狂野地弓起身子，无法承受更多了，并且通过自己的行动发现她可以。
tr	O	伊森回到了他的椅子上，并且他们吃完了晚餐。
tr	O	我转过身，满怀希望，等着他开口说些什么，但是他保持沉默。
tr	I	She 's young , Peter , but I can see Rose is a submissive .
tr	O	一个好主意闪现在我脑海里，并且我决定换到另一把椅子上。
tr	O	瑞安与她对视，却没有触碰她，但是他也差不多了。
tr	O	我们对视了仅仅几秒钟，但是我觉得他仿佛看穿了我的灵魂。
tr	I	She touched his shoulder , and his eyes drifted shut .
tr	I	I reached for him and Phillip took their place .
tr	O	她疑惑地扬了扬眉，并且他终于从恍惚中醒来。
tr	O	当它猛地挂入一档时，我面前的堵车情况就解决了，并且几辆车跟在了后面。
tr	I	I 'm afraid of everything that 's transpired around me in the interim , and it feels as though an entire decade has passed .
tr	O	肯定会有一个赢家，并且肯定会有一个输家。
tr	O	凯莎把叉子插入蛋糕，并且一股粘稠的巧克力流了出来。
tr	O	我很想归咎于药物，但是我不敢肯定我能那样做。
tr	I	I 'm out now , but I was stuck in the attic .
tr	I	We peel down the road and I climb in the car .
tr	O	那个声音有些奇怪，但是我混乱的思绪无法辨认它。
tr	I	Edwin would lose Chelsea to the foster system , and then the insurance company would never pay out .
tr	I	Aaron had cash ready for the lady at the booth and it was a short drive to the parking lot exit .
tr	I	Even he could tell that she wasn 't , but her touch had been the same .
tr	I	Her mother never made an appearance , but Little League games were a town event .
tr	O	先是我，并且现在是欧文？
tr	I	Lucy slapped the back of his head , and Damon joked .
tr	O	他转身，但是她消失了。
tr	O	她一只手叉着腰，并且她的脚趾在轻敲。
tr	O	我极其忧郁，但是我认为那很正常。
tr	I	The reach of his abnormally long arms made him doubly dangerous , and he swung his horrid club at that point .
tr	O	她一直在他眼皮底下四处活动，并且他让她逃走了。
tr	O	那可能会在我的梦里发生，但是它不会在现实生活中发生。
tr	I	He 'd just found what he wanted , and Rabbit , however , had been searching .
tr	I	He knew there was no water to be had in the city of the damned , and five days was too long to go without drink .
tr	I	I realize I am tired and the excitement of the hunt has begun to leave .
tr	O	我现在开始真哭起来了，并且我为此而恨自己。
tr	O	那个时刻还是结束了，并且很快他的脚步慢了下来。
tr	O	电脑技术员踉跄了一下，并且在吸血鬼群的边缘，那个叫米兰的倒在了地上。
tr	O	那是一个米兰达渴望解开的谜，但是她不能问罗伊斯顿任何关于她过去的事情。
tr	I	I needed more information but I had some possibilities running through my mind .
tr	I	No , I can 't tell you how it 's all going to play out , and no , I don 't know the answers .
tr	I	I 'd never seen something as brutal as that , but I 'd seen many terrible things through my abilities .
tr	O	它要么会发生，或者它不会。
tr	I	Still there was no sign of Charlie and Light now filled every corner of the room .
tr	O	健一负责在线营销项目，并且马克是文化协调员。
tr	I	His sister 's expression fell , and all heads snapped toward him .
tr	O	我本可以追他，但是有更大的问题要处理。
tr	O	我会打电话给我爸爸，并且他会开车送你去博兹曼搭飞机。
tr	O	它最终会愈合，并且我决心尽我所能帮助它康复。
tr	O	我揉着我酸痛而且肯定淤青的手臂，不停地点击浏览图片。
tr	I	Now that Damien was staring directly at her , blindly , she was completely unnerved , but she 'd been scared before .
tr	O	他的嘴角向上弯起，并且他感到自己的脸颊因恭维而泛红。
tr	O	我不怀疑尼尔声音里的恐惧是真实的，然而他却在这里，为了更大的利益而献身。
tr	O	他心想里面灯火通明，而且他身处黑暗之中。
tr	I	It obviously doesn 't replace experience , and I 'm flying on instinct here .
tr	O	他的触碰很轻，让我的皮肤发麻，然而却仿佛他认为对我有所要求般，定义了这一刻。
tr	O	他的手指开始弯曲，并且他有点儿摆动了一下手。
tr	I	He didn 't let it show but a grin played on his lips .
tr	I	Quite a number of such robes had been allowed to fall into a condition of shocking disrepair , and it was a sturdy , utilitarian covering .
tr	I	It was all I had at that moment , but it seemed like such an insignificant thing .
tr	O	夜晚感觉太漫长了，而且我却不困。
tr	I	I felt my stomach tighten , and Dr. Riley asked .
tr	I	They stared at each other for a moment and they stopped .
tr	O	她走向小岛，并且我与她并肩而行。
tr	I	He swiftly walked towards me without removing his gaze and the boy 's eyes flickered to mine .
tr	I	We live in an age of ignorance , and we live in an age of information .
tr	O	从没有人向我提起他，而且说实话，我太害怕问了。
tr	O	我因警惕而血压飙升，但是我却无法反驳这番话。
tr	I	She 's psychic and she can teleport .
tr	O	阿曼达的眉毛挑了起来，并且她的表情柔和了。
tr	I	I can 't , but I open my mouth to curse .
tr	I	He 'd averted her questions , telling her the boy needed to be treated , but she 'd questioned her fad ' ra about his actions .
tr	O	她是个很棒的女孩，但是她先不爱了，相信我。
tr	I	I enter the room and he raises his eyebrows as Rian .
tr	O	我没有心碎，并且我至今没有为整件事流过一滴眼泪。
tr	I	I don 't think so , but it could be my imagination .
tr	O	亨利不知道那个表情，但是他觉得那意味着一些邪恶的东西。
tr	I	That was over , and that was a brief moment of weakness .
tr	O	看到他们四个令人望而生畏，但是我的方法似乎奏效了。
tr	O	他金色的头发在黑暗的房间里看起来几乎是白色的，并且他灰色的眼睛冰冷。
tr	O	他要是知道，如果他这么做，我就可以离开，并且他最大的眼中钉就会被移除。
tr	I	Tad 's pronounced cough behind him made certain that he couldn 't , but he had hoped to slip into the room unseen .
tr	O	没有花多长时间，但是我额外等了五分钟以防万一，然后才回到房间。
tr	I	She dismissed her from the room with a wave of her hand , and an attendant rushed to pour her a drink .
tr	I	We move toward each other and I set down the glass .
tr	O	人们开始认真地冲出去，并且甚至那些发呆的人也清楚地看到他们需要做什么后才有所反应。
tr	I	Uncle Kar had no choice -- it was worth too much to keep , but Rema hated to see the stallion sold .
tr	O	他仍然穿着衣服，并且他正专心致志地看着手中的某样东西。
tr	O	她试图呼救，但是她的声音卡在喉咙里了。
tr	O	埃迪知道，并且如果这个话题不那么可怕，我早就笑了。
tr	I	It was a sad , humorless sound , but sitting in bed considering her situation , Nicole laughed .
tr	I	Nobody knows it better than me , and it 's the way this fucked up business works .
tr	I	Taking his hand they walked toward the car , and she stood .
tr	I	He dodged me , but as he stood , I made a weak grab for The Hunt for Red October .
tr	I	I laughed , and Leah gave me a quick grin .
tr	O	她的父母不会喜欢，但是这会给她更多的隐私。
tr	I	I stepped over to find out what was happening and we heard a chorus of loud voices starting up behind him .
tr	O	我指向我的奶奶，并且我的母亲仍然什么也没看到。
tr	O	上帝会给达什他所需要的一切，并且上帝知道那孩子需要很多。
tr	I	It didn 't matter how fucked up it was , and Victor Stone 's money paid for whatever I desired .
tr	I	She made a sign against magic as they passed , and the mage tower in its grounds rose up .
tr	O	不知何故皮卡德知道这是来接我的时候了，并且他出现在门口护送我出去。
tr	O	沉重感压在她身上，并且她急忙抓住桌子以免倒下。
tr	I	It was okay , but she was lying .
tr	I	Then , a lot about vampires is dorky , but I thought it was a pretty dorky name .
tr	I	He didn 't know what they were , but Stryker kept kicking them whenever he could .
tr	O	我想知道他是否爱我，但是没有时间进行含泪的重逢。
tr	I	Jayden received a new one and students already had their own exercise books .
tr	I	The picture absolutely shocking in its detail , and the man in the picture was riveting .
tr	O	海雯本不想睡着，但是她的疲惫比她预想的更深。
tr	O	这是一个练腿日——不是我最喜欢的——，但是有同伴一起练腿就没那么糟。
tr	I	The whisper of air escaping as he breathed , and I heard his heartbeat .
tr	I	The look of horror unfolding on Noah 's face surely mirrored that on my own , and I nodded slowly .
tr	O	他望向丽兹时呼吸一窒，但是她却没有动。
tr	I	It opened easily , but he held his breath as he pushed down the latch on the gate .
tr	I	Deep down , he rather enjoyed it and it was part of being a God .
tr	O	她的脸上掠过一丝不安，并且她咬住了下唇。
tr	I	She burst into tears again and just seeing her mother 's face through the glass .
tr	I	He was , but Ethan shouldn 't be stunned .
tr	I	Kincaid was already stripping off his gloves , but she reached for a packet of gauze bandage .
tr	I	It was downright painful , and she had missed him .
tr	O	我也从没听他说过任何关于负责的事情，但是他们才是决定至少做点事情的人。
tr	I	Her heart started to pound hard , and she twisted around in her seat .
tr	O	紧急入口滑开了，并且他走了过去，在杰克追上来之前。
tr	O	她的声音早已从他的记忆中消逝，但是他记得她的笑容。
tr	I	We were together again , and we were still family .
tr	I	I 'm not happy about it , and I just got slammed on some cash cows .
tr	O	他所有的东西似乎都在那里，但是他检查了背包以确保。
tr	O	这个吻是她最意想不到的，并且她惊讶的喘息声溜进了他的嘴里。
tr	I	Daisy laughs under her breath as he leaves back down the hallway , and Nathan throws his hands up in the air , his dreams crushed .
tr	O	我不知道我是否有力气走更远，并且我知道我没有放弃的勇气。
tr	I	I still didn 't hesitate with my answer , but it was almost too much to ask for .
tr	O	如果你们不喜欢这次调查的结果，我很抱歉，但是这件事已经结束了。
tr	O	她很快就被我的魅力所吸引，并且我最终约她出去了。
tr	I	He confessed that he saw not why Israel should not again be a chosen nation , yet Baruch Spinoza had not a faithful Jewish heart .
tr	O	我的嘴唇猛地合上了，并且我低下了头。
tr	O	艾米丽的语气很冷淡，并且她的脸像戴着面具。
tr	I	I exhaled and my stomach stopped doing flips .
tr	O	她心急如焚，想知道战斗结果如何，但是她拼命压制住了自己的冲动。
tr	I	Filling his stomach was more important , but he could have done it then .
tr	O	我妈妈又爱上了一个废柴——真是意料之中——并且她几乎不工作。
tr	O	我打了电话，但是已经太晚了。
tr	O	淋浴是为了洗掉大量的防晒霜，但是它也有另一个目的。
tr	O	那声音让我想起了《灰姑娘》的开场场景，并且我意识到鸟儿们很快乐。
tr	O	我身体的每块肌肉都放松了，并且我感觉自己在下沉。
tr	I	He stepped with her and she took another step .
tr	O	海伦感觉自己的笑容僵住了，但是她迅速强行将其恢复原状。
tr	I	She could feel the chains tighten around them and he pulled her hands above her head .
tr	O	我本想在心里说的，但是它脱口而出了。
tr	I	I had to rely on other senses to get by , and I 've always thought it was because I was blind .
tr	O	他颤抖了一下，并且妈妈瞪了我一眼。
tr	I	She couldn 't get any sound out , but she needed to speak to them .
tr	I	It was still amazing , but it was only a trick of the stage lights .
tr	O	费伊点头表示同意，并且路易斯带路了。
tr	O	她原定在火星日7再次使用它，但是她却回家了。
tr	I	He wasn 't being forthcoming and what sort was the question .
tr	O	她有很多事情要为第二天做准备，并且她受够了他的鬼话。
tr	O	首先它不会起作用，并且我只会出洋相。
tr	O	不管它是什么，我不想和它有任何关系，并且我不想让它靠近我。
tr	I	He left the library to parts unknown without saying anything , and Cecil 's sweet mood had definitely soured .
tr	O	她的头发都竖起来了，并且她努力不坐立不安。
tr	I	They laughed again , and he truthfully told them that he found it stronger than what he was used to .
tr	I	Her breath hitched and her heart raced .
tr	I	The man toppled off , hitting the tile , and Rick fired a round through the side of his head .
tr	O	对此可能只有一个解释，并且她的名字是哈里特夫人。
tr	O	我的脸立刻变得滚烫，并且我无法直视他的眼睛。
tr	O	这扇门被漆成看起来像山侧的样子，但是它将近半米厚。
tr	O	几年前他与法律有过不少麻烦，但是后来他突然开始得到几位高薪律师的帮助。
tr	O	我能看出他的注意力在迈克和我之间来回转移，杰克正在忙着评估我与那个新来的家伙的关系。
tr	O	欢呼声响起，并且帷幕拉开。
tr	O	我见过他光着上身很多次，而且仅仅那样就足以让我的性欲高涨。
tr	O	手臂开始举起，并且号角开始鸣叫。
tr	I	Still there was no word on when we were mounting out and I had just finished evening chow .
tr	O	大概是门上的敲门声，但是他不记得门在哪里了。
tr	O	它把我撞得失去平衡，并且我摇晃了一下。
tr	O	树枝抓住了她，并且脚下绊到了石头。
tr	O	她指了指我们下方敞开的房间，并且我意识到她指的是她那些爱取笑人的表兄妹。
tr	O	他们知道我有多嫉妒查尔斯去了肯扬大学，并且理查德去了乔治城大学。
tr	I	She 'd learn soon enough ; but perhaps she assumed she did .
tr	I	We can slow it considerably , but we can 't quite stop the aging process .
tr	O	那些梦依然如此生动，以至于他过了几分钟才意识到自己醒了，但是意识清醒并不一定带来理解。
tr	O	警官看向杰克，并且我看到他的下巴绷紧了。
tr	I	Finally she looked up at him and Nik was quiet for a long time after that request .
tr	O	他的脸上绽开了大大的笑容，但是那笑容远非友好。
tr	I	She sticks her tongue out to lick it , and I touch her lips with my bloody finger .
tr	I	She grabbed my arm , but I made to walk around her .
tr	I	She was a pagan , and he 'd been Catholic .
tr	O	我捂住耳朵，但是接着我意识到是玛丽安在叫我的名字。
tr	O	商店关门了，并且我们进了监狱。
tr	O	吉米瞪了她一眼，并且她笑了。
tr	I	Their rebellions fell apart and laziness took over .
tr	O	克莱尔希望她能相信那一点，但是她的内心深处仍有一小部分、难以克服的部分，太清楚自己的缺点。
tr	I	He grabbed Zane 's hand , holding it hard , but his fingers were trembling .
tr	O	我旁边的人稍微哼了一声，并且我意识到我还在扭他的手臂。
tr	O	我从来不是一个肉干爱好者，但是想吃东西的冲动是不可否认的。
tr	I	Her thundering heartbeat made a roaring in her ears that blotted out sound , but she tried to listen for the shower .
tr	O	他们是教堂里唯一的人，但是我知道那随时都可能改变。
tr	O	每个派系都应该有为那些制造麻烦的人准备的拘留室，但是我以前从未进过这种房间。
tr	I	It 'd grown since I 'd gotten back into town , and anxiety was my constant companion .
tr	O	他有时是个混蛋，但是他是我的小弟弟。
tr	O	我把他的手臂从他脸上拉开，并且他反而把它搭在我的肩膀上。
tr	I	He 's the least of our worries , but I didn 't even check to see if the one Cat took out was still alive .
tr	I	The store closed long ago , but I 've got a ticket .
tr	I	The command held no sway , but the king commanded her to release him .
tr	I	They 're a mess , and we 've got five houses going .
tr	I	Her legs shook , and he swirled his tongue in circles .
tr	I	It seemed obvious he had no intention of answering that question , and Brick pressed his lips together .
tr	I	I wouldn 't have become a vampire without my father 's meddling , and my grandfather had been Ombudsman before I 'd become a vampire .
tr	I	He was so appreciative of their friendship , and it inspired Will to do the same .
tr	O	他是个大块头，并且他与毒品带来的冲动搏斗时，汗珠从他的太阳穴冒出。
tr	I	For a moment there was no response , and she pressed Izzy 's hand , hard .
tr	I	First I have to know if Devlin kissed you , but I 'll tell you my name .
tr	O	他推开一扇门，并且他们进入了一间洁净的纯白色房间。
tr	O	伊芙琳穿着一件绿色礼服，并且伊丽莎白穿着一件蓝色礼服。
tr	O	我知道她在撒谎，并且连我都替她感到难过。
tr	O	他们都因下面苍白的肉体而退缩，但是我还没完事。
tr	O	我谈过带Patch来，但是那需要我原谅他昨晚和布莱克利见面。
tr	I	Deep creases lined his forehead and Dale pressed his lips together .
tr	O	我还没准备好，并且米洛值得拥有一个父亲。
tr	O	我们转圈，并且我从未感觉如此接近另一个人，甚至我们接吻的时候也没有。
tr	O	他抚摸她的脸颊，并且她动了一下，她的眼睛颤动着睁开。
tr	I	Neither of them looked a day over twenty-five , but each of them were in their early thirties .
tr	O	费罗先生是我们最好的客户之一，并且因此，我们尽量顺从他的要求。
tr	O	我看到了你工作有趣的一面，并且现在我应该给你看看我的了。
tr	I	She walked across it easily and the next gap was smaller .
tr	O	她以为她得手了，但是他甚至都没眨一下眼。
tr	I	That monster had killed her family , and she had once responded to one .
tr	O	曼迪莎来到我身边，并且我不假思索地把她滑到我的大腿上，把我的脸颊靠在她的头上。
tr	O	我没有，但是现在我有。
tr	I	I followed the peeled numbers on the buildings until I found the right warehouse and I wiggled my way through the loose gravel to the other side .
tr	I	The tranquilizer made me groggy , but I clawed him .
tr	I	Mary quickly continued , but the dowager opened her mouth as if to protest .
tr	I	The farmers have turned off many of their lights to save energy and nels loves to drive at this time of night because it is quiet .
tr	I	She fell to her knees , and Pain crashed through her system .
tr	I	Also understanding , but his eyes held yearning .
tr	I	His back hits the wall and I shove his shoulder .
tr	I	Tammie felt her dark skin turning red , and he was watching her every move .
tr	O	那个女人是个疯子，并且如果她怀孕了，那绝不可能是你的。
tr	O	Myst错过了这个小小的仪式，但是她现在没有兴趣。
tr	I	You admire his power , and you 've felt powerless .
tr	I	Tramps don 't usually live in the forest but I am still pretending to be a tramp .
tr	I	The door closed behind her , and she eased her car inside .
tr	I	Like most nights , he was late , and it was his turn to keep watch .
tr	O	我是一个船童，并且船童是会被打的。
tr	O	他们的目光相遇了，并且在他走向她的那一秒，她的心似乎停止了跳动。
tr	O	我移开了视线，并且克罗诺斯大叫起来，那是我第一次从他那里听到真正的痛苦之声。
tr	I	She still wasn 't sure whether she was the right woman for him , but she did , with all her heart .
tr	I	A white fog billows out when he opens it , and he leads me over to a large metal door .
tr	I	By standing on tiptoe she 'd raised her face into full view , and she was taller than many of the other robots .
tr	I	I had to see what he was talking about , but I didn 't want to turn away from Steve .
tr	O	她父亲告诉她她是个变色龙，并且她相信了他。
tr	I	It has haunted me ever since , and I had my moment .
tr	I	She promised herself she 'd tell Kaylie , and she had two hours before meeting Blake .
tr	I	Then you came along , and he was everything to me .
tr	O	她做了一些奇怪的梦，而且它们看起来是如此真实。
tr	O	那个男人离开了，并且所有人的目光都转向了我。
tr	O	他正对着怪物大喊大叫，并且她试图让他平静下来。
tr	O	他的眼睛猛地睁开，并且他坐了起来。
tr	O	我们胜利了，并且他们仍在庆祝。
tr	I	I couldn 't help myself but oh I know we try not to bring business into our relationship .
tr	I	We 're in my driveway and I wake up as he 's opening my door .
tr	O	他仍然背对着她，但是她能清楚地看到他那挺拔的背影，这让她想起她究竟错过了什么。
tr	O	我张开了嘴，但是没有发出声音。
tr	I	Something bad , or he wondered if she meant something good .
tr	I	It was all that she had , and it wasn 't much money .
tr	I	I 've never felt like this before ... and I 've never been good with things like this .
tr	I	His blood started heading south and he could feel the warmth of her skin through the silk of her blouse .
tr	O	这以前从未发生在我身上，并且我不知道该如何反应。
tr	O	这不是他们期望的消息，并且她非常疲惫，可能已经熟睡。
tr	I	Then it 'll be over , and they 'll bluster again tomorrow .
tr	O	在她说话前我还需要几秒钟，并且她的话语摧毁了我生命中剩下的一切。
tr	I	Linda 's face swam back into my mind , but that sounded logical .
tr	O	这可能花了一百年，但是他终于学会了！
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他把我们传送到了一个偏僻地方墙边的一丛又大又密的灌木丛后面。
tr	I	Lately , it was taking over his every thought , but he couldn 't remember how his obsession with women had started .
tr	I	Faith , for me , was tough , but he 'd told me that countless times .
tr	I	I took it all the same , but I knew he was baiting me .
tr	O	他本可以直接飞到俱乐部门口，但是他想让伯登知道他正在路上。
tr	I	He could not remember ever seeing them closed , but he walked by those doors several times on the average day .
tr	I	It would only make them laugh more but I wanted to knock their heads together .
tr	I	Mia 's secret was connected to Viola herself , but usually she would turn it into a great scandal .
tr	I	She missed me and Sloane was lonely .
tr	I	Derrick was protecting Sadie and maybe the father had already found them .
tr	I	The hands on my arms loosened , and I heard cries from all around , on every side .
tr	O	有一瞬间，我以为他一定是盲人，但是他继续往前走，绕过我，清楚地看到了他路径上的物体。
tr	I	Jordan bounded down , and the Camden carriage drew up before the house at No. 3 .
tr	O	我所需要的只是他一个信号，并且我就会彻底和伊森了断。
tr	O	他有目的地潜入水下，并且有一会儿，我忘记了我应该和他一起游泳。
tr	I	I stilled it , but Emily 's hand shifted to her back .
tr	O	那是一种沙沙作响的声音，但是它离得不远。
tr	I	Fired three times in rapid succession , not missing a shot , and I took the chance .
tr	I	He sat anyway , but famous last words , Judd thought .
tr	I	That had to be enough for now , and he was trying in his own way .
tr	I	She was ravenous , and it was a breakfast buffet for her alone .
tr	I	After that , I had no idea what to do next , but I knew I was going to run the plate number Karl gave me .
tr	I	Not before she caught a glimpse of his face , but when he heard her voice , he ducked down .
tr	O	她肯定知道我们整个区域的训练都迟到了，并且现在我们都要死了。
tr	I	There was a tension in the court that never fully dissolved , but the meeting continued amiably enough .
tr	I	He saw how her gaze lingered on his fangs , and Mihai only smiled at her .
tr	O	安娜告诉过我卡尔不能让死人复活，但是他那天晚上尝试了。
tr	O	他认为狗会为了肉打架，并且这会看起来像是它们杀了他。
tr	O	有些很难，但是那只是因为它们要求最好。
tr	O	她的头发像玉米丝，并且她的皮肤像牛奶焦糖。
tr	O	他用一种外国语言低声说了些什么，并且房间瞬间变得冰冷。
tr	I	Then I gave a push , and that worry sank in for a brief second .
tr	I	He could be the cover model every month , and I should start a magazine called GQ Cowboy .
tr	I	Romain 's felt safer , but especially since she 'd been investigating Kimberly 's disappearance ... Strange , perhaps .
tr	O	它纵向裂成两半，并且碎片散落在地上。
tr	I	She knew I cared about her and I knew she cared about me .
tr	O	我想我们都知道类似的事情会发生，并且我想我们知道我们必须做什么？
tr	O	然后茱莉亚看到兰斯的手伸向他的口袋，并且片刻之后他手里拿着一根生热狗。
tr	O	炮手的名字是达尔比，并且在我看来，他就是所有海军陆战队员都想成为的样子。
tr	O	她走向最后一节课时遇到了尼克，并且他停在了大厅里。
tr	I	He hadn 't been wrong to ask , but he didn 't answer .
tr	I	This one led somewhere , but the road ahead of me was long .
tr	I	I 'd certainly gotten it , and I 'd asked for change .
tr	I	He never failed to do so until this - and he just liked being prepared for every eventuality .
tr	I	Sometimes she agreed to special orders , and people bought what was on the shelves .
tr	I	It 's abundantly clear that we 're both naked , and one of my legs is slung over his waist .
tr	O	他让这件事变得容易，并且夏洛特对她的想法热情起来。
tr	I	His breath hissed out in response , and as I walked past him , my hands brushed his bare chest .
tr	O	她不完美，并且我爱她本来的样子。
tr	O	他一定是上楼去躺下了，并且她甚至都没有注意到。
tr	I	They smelled fresh , and the second bag had kolaches .
tr	I	The others arrived at the patio set on the deck and Decker had returned from the dock by the time Sam .
tr	O	我们的人赢了，并且他们用箭射杀了他。
tr	O	医生们都走了，并且他身体的伤痛正在离他而去。
tr	I	She would continue to scream until those screams became garbled by the blood pouring from her mouth , and Ivy 's eyes would begin to bleed .
tr	I	Adam stared after him and the paramedic wheeled him away .
tr	I	It 's too late , but Lucy screams my name .
tr	I	I liked that about her , and she would .
tr	I	Talon followed him , but that didn 't sound good .
tr	O	我不知道帕奇卷入了什么麻烦，但是我的胃里有一种不舒服的感觉在膨胀。
tr	O	我不知道自己是否准备好和他赤身相见，但是我也不想等待。
tr	O	你让我心烦意乱，并且我无法思考。
tr	I	He lifted her so she could lock her legs around his waist and she jumped up .
tr	I	The phone line was dead , but Ivan started to speak .
tr	O	她没有抬头看他，但是她身上有一种新的宁静。
tr	I	Now I wasn 't quite sure , but I had dismissed that thought earlier .
tr	O	他的手臂环住了她的腰，并且他将她紧紧抱在怀里，他的唇贴着她的唇。
tr	O	这将是一个棘手的问题，并且她将不得不非常小心地处理。
tr	O	她喜欢中性色，并且搭配很适合她。
tr	I	I didn 't hear any of it , but the crowd went nuts for their stars .
tr	I	I missed it , and the accent was Deep South - not a hint of France .
tr	I	Her mother changed pretenders to the throne with like most people clicked between TV channels , and her parents had divorced when Kim was seven .
tr	I	Maddie had become very friendly with Mom over the last year , and Kara had been a friend of his mother 's for years .
tr	I	I stepped back , wondering if maybe the panther wasn 't dead after all , and something let out a grunt .
tr	I	He looked fresher with his shaved face and his hair was slicked back .
tr	O	这是我正常的下班时间，并且所有其他员工都在离开。
tr	I	They follow , and I lead .
tr	O	我知道这很雄辩，但是里夫似乎也同样健谈。
tr	O	那听起来太低俗了，但是我就是不在乎。
tr	O	大门开着，并且葛瑞丝走了进去，努力表现得比实际感受到的更自信。
tr	I	The taxi inched into traffic , and the driver started his meter .
tr	I	He laughed as he walked away and I rolled my eyes at him .
tr	O	我们再次一同俯瞰着下方的废墟，但是这次亨利的握力感觉像钢铁。
tr	I	Half an hour later he photographed another man coming ashore and because he left on his own , Bruno stayed in position .
tr	I	It was already taking a serious toll on me but it had only been a couple of hours that I 'd been separated from Jules .
tr	O	我对她笑了笑，但是我们的目光没有相遇。
tr	I	The stars are shimmering brightly and it ´ s pitch black .
tr	I	His laugh was so rare she couldn 't help responding with a grudging smile , but she tried to act mad .
tr	I	Almost immediately I caught a snatch of inner monologue that shook me up , and I closed my eyes to help me concentrate .
tr	I	Daniel listened to her trying to muffle sobs in the darkness and the tears leaked from her eyes .
tr	O	她开始往电脑里输入文字，并且克莱尔怀疑她是不是已经被打发走了。
tr	O	他的脸色惨白，并且他正在后退。
tr	O	一声枪响划破空气，并且我的目光猛地转向洛根，此时一团烟雾遮住了他。
tr	O	他伸出手来扶我起来，并且我接受了。
tr	O	她曾拥有一个骄傲、强大、没错，甚至傲慢的男人的爱，并且她把它出卖了。
tr	I	She leaned in to hear his secret and his eyes sparkled as he leaned over .
tr	I	I was very happy to have her with me at the hospital , and it was something I never would have thought of .
tr	I	She won him over , in spite of his more cautious instincts , and she continued to reassure him that there would be no real danger .
tr	O	我的世界天旋地转，并且我感到恶心。
tr	I	The captain joined him , and he laughed softly .
tr	O	一名自称查尔斯·伊斯特恩的美国皮草商人与安德烈交了朋友，并且他们开始交谈。
tr	O	我听到一个小孩子尖叫，并且我跑进了房间。
tr	O	我的声音高了起来，并且我笑了。
tr	I	She felt she was getting the hang of it , and they started to play .
tr	O	洛克眉头紧锁，并且我的心更沉了。
tr	O	这些小屋小得具有欺骗性，但是当我们进入我们的小屋时，很明显这里曾经住过一家人。
tr	O	那是一个白日梦，但是在那一刻，它感觉太过真实了。
tr	I	She didn 't smile back , but when Hanna stepped into the lights , he gave her a big smile .
tr	O	她向我冲过来，并且我跪了下来，抓住了她的一只脚踝。
tr	O	他面具上精雕细琢的纹路划过我的皮肤，并且我想知道它是否会留下一点亮片。
tr	I	He chose righteousness , and Abraham was called by God to choose .
tr	I	An entire kingdom was at his heels , and now he was alone .
tr	O	波塞冬收紧了对哈迪斯的掌控，但是他的挣扎变得过于剧烈。
tr	I	It was going great for them all and it was the summer before freshman year .
tr	I	Dylan wasn 't a man to take his promises lightly , and he 'd promised his stepfather that Callie would be there .
tr	O	他的手动了，并且他恶狠狠地扯着他的领带。
tr	I	She felt a warm flood of resentment surge through her veins , and the remembrance of George 's behaviour on New Year 's Eve returned to her .
tr	O	她家里没有枪，但是她卧室里确实有一根棒球棒。
tr	I	Spelman should have known better , and no one had a right to reveal the secrets .
tr	O	我帮你一次，并且你答应过会有所回报。
tr	I	She was all-in and she was a confident woman .
tr	I	Suddenly Selena felt the odd sensation of floating and the sharp sound of the instrument bellowed overhead .
tr	O	她抓紧了他的肩膀，并且这次他没有后退。
tr	O	司机说我们只在那里待半小时，并且他不会等掉队的人。
tr	O	丹尼尔告诉他他想和他一起去，但是刘易斯说他需要自己处理。
tr	O	他的呼吸很急促，并且他的眼睛是闭着的。
tr	O	技术细节对他来说仍然有些模糊，但是没关系，他已经为这位白发精灵创造了一个极具侵略性的市场。
tr	O	我们出生在阿伯丁郡，但是冷战结束前不久我们搬到了俄罗斯。
tr	O	我们挤进车里，并且米沙把车开上草地，以便绕过停在车道中央的伊森的卡车。
tr	O	当他翻到末尾时，他再次开始翻阅它们，但是我在他这样做的时候开始说话。
tr	I	Our hands brushed against each other and he reached for his cup at the same time as me .
tr	O	我很少喝酒，而且自从高中以来我也没怎么跳过舞。
tr	I	Stephen said nothing and it wasn 't moved .
tr	O	她抗议了，但是抗议声无人理会。
tr	O	他把手平放在它们上面，隔着我的胸罩揉捏着它们的柔软，而且我呻吟着，一股快感在我的双腿间涌动。
tr	I	That 's why I survived in him and he had no heart to speak of .
tr	I	My sensitive nerve endings sprang back to carnal life and my core tightened about him .
tr	I	A dark shape filled my vision , but I gave a shout of triumph .
tr	I	Neither of them minded but the walk was long .
tr	I	It could return quickly , but the bitter north wind had faded for the moment .
tr	I	Lots of other people do , and I cared before I came here .
tr	O	深吸一口气，她鼓起她所有的勇气，并且，她剩下的一切力气，来抬起头。
tr	O	事故发生已经几天了，并且雪佛兰破烂不堪地停在他的车库里。
tr	I	I shook my head , and Zach asked .
tr	I	I 've still got bitch written all over me but the drugs are gone .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell her that , but it was actually a parting gift .
tr	O	声音模糊成一片舒缓的交响乐，并且我比预期更快地入睡了。
tr	O	索菲亚的眼睛转了转，并且她开始笑了。
tr	O	她的皮肤被我的触碰稍微跳动了一下，并且我想知道我的手是否冰冷。
tr	I	Then , they wouldn 't if Kelly had been human , but the Alchemists had no record of the murder .
tr	O	他用一种我希望他不要的方式看着我，但是当他捕捉到我转瞬即逝的皱眉时，迅速改变了策略。
tr	I	There was nobody around and she looked around nervously .
tr	O	他总是比别人优越，但是这应该能向惠特尼证明这一点。
tr	O	我不知道，并且我不在乎。
tr	O	她绷紧了身体，等待着散弹枪的轰鸣声，但是什么也没发生。
tr	O	她感觉到他的舌头碰到了她的，并且她的心似乎要飞起来了。
tr	O	我读过几本关于这个主题的书，而且即使是最好的学者也只能将其范围缩小到几十万种可能性。
tr	O	迈克尔心里咯噔一下，但是他不得不问下一个问题。
tr	I	There was barely any sound , but the wires were vibrating gently .
tr	I	The blue background became green , and the screen flickered then .
tr	O	我本该在去年春天的选拔赛中更小心地取得较低的名次，但是考虑周全不是我的强项。
tr	I	Ronan said nothing , simply nodded his understanding , but he didn 't look weak .
tr	O	已经是早上了，而且我的替补已经到了。
tr	O	它美得令人难以置信，但是她需要一些金色的东西来搭配这件礼服。
tr	I	The bead grew in brightness for a moment , and Garen stuck his tongue out a little as he concentrated .
tr	O	她的声音微微颤抖，并且她重复着自己说的话，这次声音很轻。
tr	O	她的身体挤弄着我的阴茎，使我的身体亢奋不已，并且我便在她体内喷射而出。
tr	O	她的双手飞快地捂住了嘴，并且她的脸紧绷起来，仿佛她在痛苦之中。
tr	I	That small invasion wasn 't enough , but his tongue dipped inside .
tr	O	这是我的错，并且我会处理好这件事的。
tr	O	我无法和T.J.快乐地在一起，并且现在他不在身边时，也剥夺了我的快乐。
tr	O	杰克的记忆模糊不清，但是他知道洛林挨了一顿毒打。
tr	O	我站在树林边缘并停了下来，因为我害怕了。
tr	O	过了一段时间后，专家们停止了他们的攻击，并且代表们同意短暂休息。
tr	I	It sounded faint , distant , but he could hear a commotion of sorts on the other side .
tr	I	He hated surprises and this was unexpected .
tr	O	我打开了电视，但是它正在播放DVD。
tr	O	他立刻跑回他女朋友身边，并且她正坐着歇斯底里地哭泣。
tr	O	我的双臂紧紧地抱住他，并且我把脸侧贴在他的胸口。
tr	O	我之前上的学校转走了我所有的文件，并且我已经通过了这些课程。
tr	I	It hadn 't made matters any better , and he 'd already done that .
tr	O	他们太远了，我听不清她的话，但是从她的肢体语言来看，我猜她是在道歉。
tr	O	她想触摸他，就像他正在触摸她一样，但是他不让她。
tr	I	Nick held him tighter so he could feel it , and Kelly shivered all over .
tr	I	Ali hadn 't been as lucky , but they 'd escaped just in time .
tr	O	他想知道这是否意味着他们的时间快用完了，或者已经用完了。
tr	I	He quickly took the call and it flashed up Clarice 's picture .
tr	I	They gazed at one another silently and his head turned slowly toward the hermit .
tr	O	“这一直是我最喜欢的，”我告诉他，并且我相当缓慢地模糊变形为雪白的猫头鹰。
tr	O	这像是一场梦，但是它是真实的。
tr	I	His eyes were practically on fire , and Lux 's skin glistened with sweat .
tr	I	A rush of excitement flooded her veins but she wasn 't sure when her decision had been made .
tr	I	Blair rushed in and the door opened .
tr	I	The smarter someone is the more that they can do , and I also believe that this is all tied to intellect .
tr	O	她设法让自己平静下来，但是事实是她完全吓呆了。
tr	I	She didn 't have to fight the sudden brightness , and the lights were turned down low .
tr	I	Though I had a good idea of what was in the bag , I had to be sure , and A morgue .
tr	O	他猛踩油门，并且当车猛地向前冲时我畏缩了一下。
tr	I	It 's too late but I quickly reach for the towel .
tr	O	我有点想说创意写作，但是最不需要的就是让未来的队友听到我开始喜欢诗歌了。
tr	O	我还活着，并且我正要离开。
tr	I	They hadn 't been sure , but they 'd loaded her brain with all the right prompts .
tr	O	当她嫂子靠在沙发垫上时她放松了，但是奥特姆对此看起来并不高兴。
tr	I	He deftly tucked the strand of hair back into place , and then she dropped her hand back down to her side .
tr	I	As soon as the words are out of my mouth I realize what he means , but I ask .
tr	O	他的指尖擦过我的后颈，并且我颤抖了一下，半闭着眼睛。
tr	I	They weren 't with the chick but I got a few other photos .
tr	O	他说他十二岁，但是我不太确定。
tr	O	没有船只可见，但是沿着海岸线向北走时，他突然惊讶地叫了起来。
tr	I	I 'm not holding my breath just yet , but I just hope that it all works out .
tr	O	他高耸的颧骨泛红，并且他的眼睛闪闪发光。
tr	O	我让她保持安静，并且我们会很快把她弄出来。
tr	I	It didn 't look like it would be enough , but Lea kept her barrage of attacks on Payton , forcing her to cover-up .
tr	I	We assumed it took hold because of decreased immune function , and it 's been called an opportunistic disease by the CDC .
tr	O	我身边，艾维正在喝热巧克力，并且米西也在喝苹果酒。
tr	I	The heat of fury burned over his skin , and then he saw the mark on her face .
tr	O	我们比大多数人状况更好，而且捕食者喜欢容易捕获的猎物是自然法则。
tr	O	她完成了搜索，并且当数千个与罪犯相关的网站立即出现时，她意识到她需要更具体。
tr	O	他们的负荷更小，并且他们投掷的频率更低。
tr	I	It 's mostly swallowed in darkness , and this floor isn 't carpeted .
tr	O	罗伯也受够了，并且我看到他试图摘下防毒面具。
tr	O	他请求和她一起去，但是现在她怀疑这是否是个好主意。
tr	I	The sight of a suitable resting spot eased the pain , but by this time my leg was on fire .
tr	I	I nod and she asks .
tr	I	I was touching my pregnant belly , and he was at school soon after .
tr	I	I couldn 't let up , and he was staring at me as if he 'd never seen me before .
tr	I	He 's in there , but I 'll have to wait until I 'm actually in the building to find him .
tr	O	我抬头看他，并且他似乎很开心。
tr	I	The stench of tons of decaying clam pieces was at an all-time , putrid high and it was now the summer season .
tr	I	He seemed to swell larger even though he hadn 't yet moved and she was tight around him .
tr	O	他很想让她被束缚，但是那不是他必须做的事。
tr	O	我通常不觉得老妇人可怕，但是乔治娜发火时简直令人毛骨悚然。
tr	I	The outlaw chief fell back into the opening he had ripped in the tent , and both guns dropped from hands suddenly gone limp .
tr	O	这真的很奇特，因为她看起来衣着足够优雅，然而直觉告诉他她不太属于这里。
tr	O	这是因为我们的关系还很新，并且性对我来说也很新。
tr	O	亚伦的死很可怕，但是她可以应付。
tr	O	她告诉了他，并且有些话一旦说出就无法收回。
tr	I	Del a 's words stil hurt , but Kylie bit down on her lip .
tr	I	She had lived for thousands of years , yet she hardly looked a day over twenty-five .
tr	O	这让我的眼睛翻到了脑后，并且我收紧了本来就闭着的眼睑。
tr	I	Then a female answered , and it rang three times .
tr	I	He moves his thumb in a circular motion over my wrist bone and his fingers are intertwined in mine .
tr	I	He rang the doorbell , and they walked to the front porch .
tr	O	我吸了一口气，并且我的血液都凝固了。
tr	O	闭上眼睛只会将图像与记忆中的声音联系起来，并且只是盯着天花板上的石膏会更让人放松。
tr	I	Now it looked like I had no choice , but I wasn 't used to being the calm one in a situation .
tr	I	Then , I 'd learned to expect impressive things from her , but it was pretty impressive that she could make all of this work .
tr	I	The room was filled with bluish white fire and the doors of the elevator suddenly burst out !
tr	O	这种材料很柔软，像布料一样，并且可以像帽子一样向后拉，以防我不想一直戴着它。
tr	I	I see Finley ´ s leading her upstairs and I look at the beautifully adorned white staircase .
tr	I	She always got the feeling he resented her for it , and even in his wingtips she was almost four inches taller than him .
tr	I	I held his arms down and he spat blood out at me .
tr	I	I was sure that he knew something more , but he may not be able to help me .
tr	O	此后他没再说一句话，并且随之而来的是一片尴尬的沉默。
tr	O	她是一名婚姻顾问，并且她的丈夫是一名儿科医生。
tr	O	显然我犯了一个大错，但是我不知道那是什么。
tr	O	她跑下最后几级台阶，并且在我还没反应过来的时候，我们已经到了前面的草坪上。
tr	O	今天空气清新，并且天空中布满了深卷的云朵。
tr	O	他们想吃东西的时候就会出来，并且你会听到它们在村子里吼叫。
tr	O	我身旁的达伦笑了，并且我瞥了他一眼。
tr	I	You refused to listen and I 've been telling you for years to watch your back with that bitch .
tr	I	I made no attempt to look for the river , but the highway runs roughly parallel to the Illinois River .
tr	O	我顽皮地戳了一下他的手臂，并且他笑了。
tr	I	He didn 't need to laugh at her but she was glad he wasn 't trying to guilt her over the purchase .
tr	I	Now there 's no more daddy , but I used to be a daddy 's girl myself .
tr	I	His eyebrows testified as much , and Donoghue was surprised at Adams ' explanation of his temporary role .
tr	I	Now it was her wedding day , and the man had failed her .
tr	I	His heart flooded with warmth , and Austin opened his fingers to gaze at the antique diamond set in a stunning platinum band .
tr	O	从牢房窗缝透进来的月光不足以看清东西，但是它足够了。
tr	I	At the same time I can 't blame her , but I 'm a little wounded by her last remark .
tr	I	Said she didn 't see any problems and she was forty-three , in great health .
tr	I	It 's obvious that Rosemary has already undergone some changes and none of us will let you go without a fight .
tr	O	我稍后可以解释细节，但是我需要你马上离开。
tr	O	他大喊一声，并且我推了他一下，让他侧身移动，在他砰地关上门之前溜进了我的卧室。
tr	I	She snatched it up and the phone rang again .
tr	O	肾上腺素仍在体内奔涌，并且他不知道自己伤得有多重。
tr	I	A magazine can hold fifteen , and each box contains twenty-five rounds .
tr	O	伊芙的嘴巴张开了，并且她摇了摇头，确信自己没有听错。
tr	O	光线开始变色，并且这很有趣。
tr	I	I felt a thrill as I neared , but as I strolled towards Nathan , he pushed himself from the hitching post , his expression neutral .
tr	O	他们的工作替他们说话，但是在她长大的地方，布莱恩的名声玷污了她自己的名声。
tr	O	他点了点头，说不出话来，因为他们俩都争先恐后地再次站稳，并且莉齐趁机环顾四周。
tr	O	她今晚原计划在马特的公寓里聚会，但是朱尔斯今天下午打电话提出了她的请求。
tr	I	It seems like this gradual transition you don 't notice , but I 've had a few boyfriends .
tr	I	It was obviously bringing about the stealthy disintegration of his own , and he had imbibed , on some level , Manfred 's world-view .
tr	O	凯尔不得不认为亚历克斯早已忘了他，并且他当然不想向她暴露自己的意图。
tr	O	他转身想动，但是绳子到处都是。
tr	O	并不是周围有人看到，但是格雷戈尔坚持认为不引人注目总是更好。
tr	O	我的心沉了下去，并且我走向她。
tr	O	我把它撞了上去，并且迪恩扣杀了它。
tr	O	我盯着他，并且即时的担忧涌上心头。
tr	I	Then pain exploded alongside my temple , and Caleb gave a yelp from behind me .
tr	O	他走出了房间，并且我呆坐在那里一动不动。
tr	O	随着我们继续往高处攀爬，云朵将我们包围，并且我知道我是对的。
tr	I	She was just curious , but she hoped it wouldn 't come across as rude .
tr	O	布拉德利转向她，但是约翰没有听到。
tr	I	His headlight lit up the tunnel and he pressed a button by his thumb .
tr	I	Maybe she had felt the same as her or she was obviously thinking of a good answer .
tr	O	他没有打她的脸，但是他打中了她身体的其他部分。
tr	O	乔治亚午饭后给他打了六七次电话，并且每一次，电话都转到了语音信箱。
tr	O	我转过身，并且她就在那里。
tr	I	Then we rushed up the stairs , barely greeting the flight attendant as we passed , and Jared spoke quick instructions to the pilot .
tr	I	What it really needed was a frustrating impossibility , but still , her body wanted .
tr	I	I lied to her but I don 't know what made me do it .
tr	I	His eyes went vacant for a moment like he was recalling the very thing I was challenging him to think about and his nostrils flared .
tr	I	The Weapon will no longer be able to function and pull it .
tr	I	I really do believe it , but maybe it 's wishful thinking .
tr	I	They 're rotten to the core , but they 're really beings like Eva .
tr	O	当他说出那些话时，他的脸色开始变得明亮，并且他的衣袍散发出如此的光芒，以至于我的眼睛难以直视。
tr	O	然后她轻轻一吹，并且它立刻消失了。
tr	O	她想哭，但是她太麻木了。
tr	I	He looked away from me , and he paused as pain sliced through his features .
tr	O	他的声音变得更有力了，并且他随即露出了一个嘲讽的笑容。
tr	O	他现在是她的丈夫了，并且解决任何出现的问题是他的职责。
tr	I	I grinned and the board moved forward .
tr	I	He was wise enough to avoid it , but there was a direct path to the upper caves .
tr	O	我本来想把它们扔进河里，但是他不肯。
tr	O	那看起来权力过大，但是大总管可以否决他们的任何选择，如果我没记错的话。
tr	O	他的膝盖猛地顶进了她的胯下，并且一股剧痛猛地袭遍了她全身。
tr	O	这不是最好的工作，但是它让我很忙碌。
tr	I	I let him take it , and he reached for my hand .
tr	I	Without it I didn 't know what I was going to do , and his opinion mattered to me .
tr	O	鲜嫩的肌肉总是味道最好，而且他细细品味着敌人的味道。
tr	I	He hated it and he felt so damn helpless .
tr	O	她的金发被染成了黑色，并且她穿着一套皱巴巴的商务套装。
tr	I	Browning came in behind her , closing the door and when they reached the hut , Grace stepped inside .
tr	I	Color was draining from her face , and Amy was starting to ramble .
tr	O	几位家长抱着他们的孩子，并且他们大声哭泣。
tr	I	He dropped to a crouch and every muscle tensed to take the impact .
tr	I	She had some company at all times , and Jessica was also being taught at home .
tr	I	His support means everything to me , but I don 't know how he 's managed to stick by me all these years without knowing our secrets .
tr	O	麦克闭上了眼睛，但是那没有帮助，因为它来自他的小鬼而不是真实世界。
tr	I	I held myself in place , but I wanted to lean back .
tr	O	我永远是你的飞机，但是不要在舞台上过度换气。
tr	I	Suzy was surprised to see how organized everything was and Beth followed her down the hall to her office .
tr	O	他总是说所有正确的话，但是那些话现在正把我烦透了。
tr	I	I knew we had such a long way to go , but I wanted so much to be past this .
tr	I	It meant nothing to him and he was playing with Chrissie 's heart .
tr	I	It didn 't retreat either but it didn 't come closer .
tr	O	卢卡斯不太确定女士们是否喜欢这部西部片，但是他当然喜欢。
tr	O	我们这小小的队伍跟着他，吸引了相当多的关注，并且我好奇这到底有什么好大惊小怪的。
tr	O	哈利似乎正要告诉我这件事，但是阿德里亚替他接了过去。
tr	I	The others reluctantly followed behind her , and Cassie got out of the car .
tr	I	I knew it was my own trembling that caused the illusion , but it looked like the school was shaking , like there was an earthquake .
tr	I	The time had come and I had to put on a show for her .
tr	I	It was too late , but I cried , turning to stop him .
tr	O	他们一起瘫倒在石地上，并且骸骨大师化为尘土。
tr	O	有些人喜欢痛快的打斗，但是她不是其中之一。
tr	O	它仍然稳定地燃烧着，并且没有警报声响起。
tr	O	当缆绳固定好后，他们的船只的运动停止了，并且他们开始轻轻地在挂钩上摇晃。
tr	I	Some punishment was needed , even if only to show the general , but Mark was sorry for him .
tr	O	卡佳热爱高空走索的生活，并且这在她脸上的光彩中体现出来。
tr	O	我有我姐姐给我的假身份证，但是我不敢使用它。
tr	O	剧烈的疼痛瞬间让我瘫痪，并且我倒在地板上——现在只是一堆死沉的重量。
tr	O	我一直是个很糟糕的教父母，但是我对上帝又了解什么呢？
tr	I	Then my life would be back in order , and I would find some other way to figure out what had happened to me .
tr	O	雷声在屋顶上方轰鸣，并且每个人都献上了感谢的祷告。
tr	I	I haven 't even started writing it and he 's going to want this article .
tr	I	I didn 't feel anything but Cora was scared for me .
tr	I	I think you should take things easy , and you 're recovering from a head trauma .
tr	O	阿隆索说道，他对此感到高兴，但是他保持着严肃的表情。
tr	I	It was nothing , but it seemed like a lot of information lying on the table .
tr	I	Franz followed , and Ada marched up the wide sweeping staircase with the two suitcases .
tr	I	They 're not stupid , but they may play nice .
tr	O	她的脸柔和下来，并且她点了点头，走回客厅。
tr	O	我以为这将是一个相对较小的活动，并且我只能想到少数几个人不会已经在那里了。
tr	O	你让我为你的远征寻找第十四个人，并且我选择了巴金斯先生。
tr	I	The swelling made it hard for you to breathe , but you aren 't disfigured .
tr	O	另一个头打开了，并且一个声音从最大的植物中传出。
tr	I	She gripped his waist harder in response and a wash of sensation rushed over her .
tr	O	愁容慢慢浮现，并且她的眉毛紧蹙。
tr	O	她猛地向前冲，并且汽车打滑了，轮胎在盐上锁死时发出了尖叫。
tr	I	I feared my mother 's wrath like nothing else , but I may have been sixteen .
tr	I	I really tried , and I wanted to want to be with him .
tr	I	We swarmed towards it like ants and the carrier seemed to represent a beacon of safety .
tr	O	他是王子，而且她只是个平民。
tr	I	I couldn 't but I wanted to look away .
tr	O	服务员向他们询问酒水，并且本点了一瓶，毫不犹豫。
tr	I	The idea is vaguely comforting , but I can 't say why .
tr	O	霍克片刻未语，并且皮娅给了他一个试探性的微笑。
tr	O	我知道许多难民不愿冒险进入死区，但是这种情况不能继续下去。
tr	O	她抬起脸，并且她的笑容灿烂无比。
tr	O	他的目光转向金凯德，但是他没有回应欧文的问题。
tr	O	他绝不会强迫一个女人违背意愿嫁给他，但是他确实感觉自己被太轻易地忽视了。
tr	I	I grinned back at her , and Lucky smiled at me apologetically .
tr	O	他们是来寻求战斗的，并且我却浪费了他们的时间。
tr	O	我发誓房间里所有的目光都集中在我身上，并且那些主要用法语说的评论也并不太友善。
tr	I	Her voice was a thin , wavering thread of sound , but she unglued her tongue from the roof of her mouth .
tr	I	He still wasn 't giving in completely , but the little guy didn 't protest as he had the day before .
tr	I	Kelly was miles away , but Chapter 16 The Bowling family all went to church on Sunday .
tr	O	我一看到火焰，就知道我重新进入房子是犯了一个大错，并且很难不恐慌。
tr	I	Julie swiftly realized that she was still in the cabin , and he led her up the steps .
tr	O	我的声音听起来很生硬，太高了，并且我脸红了，感觉我们的背叛都写在了脸上。
tr	I	I knew her eyebrows were sky high from the tone of voice , but I wasn 't looking at her .
tr	I	Tears burned in my eyes , and a smile tugged at the edge of my lips .
tr	I	She doubled over and Pain laced through her arm .
tr	I	Brant didn 't waiver in his stare but Luke gave his father a mutant look .
tr	O	她坐在床上，并且我停在门口。
tr	O	她的眼睛被大大的墨镜遮住了，并且她很难在原地站稳而不摔倒。
tr	I	Glowing rivers of magma flowed down the mountainside and the sky had darkened .
tr	I	Her hand shot beneath her pack , and Collins ' eyes opened at once .
tr	I	It burned against her instantly , but jumping out of the vehicle , she tried to ignore the flaring heat of the sun .
tr	I	She vowed never to do it again , and this was her first time riding without a seat belt .
tr	O	维克托意图让这次袭击具有威力，但是罗慕路斯却泰然自若。
tr	O	他们要求瑞奇让他们进入地堡，但是瑞奇拒绝了。
tr	O	它们不完全是丑陋的，但是它们是由石头制成的。
tr	I	We headed out the door and I slipped on my sneakers .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew I was whining .
tr	O	我爸爸很混蛋，而且我不得不待得比我预期的更久。
tr	I	His attention was suddenly riveted to the television set , but she looked up to say thank you to Mitchell .
tr	I	She noticed the hand the woman pressed to her breast , but Rose saw the mother clucking her tongue .
tr	I	Her voice turned fierce , and she clenched his hand hard .
tr	O	我也一直感到疲倦，但是他的话语让我警觉起来。
tr	I	I didn 't pay attention to it , but the queasiness came back .
tr	I	He thought about the world 's ending and his pace slowed .
tr	I	There weren 't any windows , and there were a few boxes piled in the far corner .
tr	O	我不得不承认，如果你完全崩溃了，它一点用都没有，但是安慰剂效应总是值得追求的。
tr	O	我把咖啡举到嘴边，但是在我喝一口之前，布拉德肖医生走了进来。
tr	I	She slumped to the floor , and Julie had no more words .
tr	O	他的话语在我脑海中不断回响，而且我无法让它们消失。
tr	I	Now I can 't leave Jim here , not now that we 're so close , but I had to get you out first .
tr	I	I go on , and his shoulders tense .
tr	O	那个男人把手伸进我的衬衫，而且我甚至不在乎。
tr	I	He looked at me and his eyes focused again .
tr	I	She saw him , and they came up .
tr	I	She nodded and I looked at Lola to check .
tr	O	我试图找到合适的词语，但是我的大脑失灵了。
tr	I	They didn 't follow the order of the immortals , not in any sense and they 'd always been strange .
tr	O	它们很美，或者至少她认为它们在一起很美。
tr	I	The woman groaned , the fight going out of her , and Cassidy knocked the female 's head on the stone floor .
tr	I	A few of his favorites were still scattered around the floor , but he had managed to get most of them into the container .
tr	O	这是世事常态，并且再多的争论也无法改变这一点。
tr	O	我同意她的朋友们，但是我什么也没说。
tr	O	伍兹站了起来，并且所有人都跟着效仿。
tr	O	我不想杀他，但是他可能会在我给他的烧伤中活下来。
tr	I	Johnny Barnes stepped out and the door bumped open .
tr	I	At the same time it felt beautiful and it hurt .
tr	I	He 'd really rather spend time with Sam , but the truth was , Mortimer felt like he should be working .
tr	I	We 'd only been together a few minutes , and my sister was starting to get to me .
tr	I	He fought hard to ensure it continued , and the status quo served his needs mightily .
tr	O	斯嘉丽醒来时，她不再感到困倦，但是她感到焕然一新。
tr	I	His cheeks blushed and she teased him .
tr	I	If you have any questions , feel free to give me a call and I 'll just leave this with you .
tr	O	这是很多工作，并且很多事情可能会出错。
tr	I	He never let his eyes off the cityscape , but Lyssa looked up at him .
tr	I	He finally confirmed with a nod , but he was slow in giving it .
tr	O	安德拉渴望向他解释自己，但是没有时间。
tr	I	As they left , the attendant handed them a pair of sunglasses with a warm smile , and Fintan saw other children on board .
tr	O	他感觉到光能在他体内迸发，并且他几乎无法抑制自己的焦虑。
tr	I	It was dizzying , and I was immediately feeling everything he was feeling .
tr	O	最后一束光早已离开了天空，而且我能感觉到已经很晚了。
tr	I	Both attacked at once : one high , one low , and her opponents had recovered .
tr	O	她的手指穿过我的头发，反复抚摸着，并且我的身体慢慢平静下来。
tr	I	When my gaze was caught by his , I suddenly couldn 't breathe again , and he was looking at me strangely .
tr	I	Shane couldn 't wait any longer and Privacy was now theirs .
tr	O	和赛伊而不是本吉在那里感觉很奇怪，但是吉吉餐厅是感恩节唯一开门的餐厅。
tr	I	Then I didn 't deserve that , but he wasn 't making this easy .
tr	I	I was not but Momma seemed in OK spirits .
tr	O	格雷戈尔是议会成员，并且凭着格雷戈尔的联盟他可以协助确保莉亚的安全。
tr	O	梅兰妮先爬了进去，并且他跟在她后面滑入热水。
tr	O	在这里就像穿越时空，而且知道那个让我看到生活可以很美好的人正在死去让我很痛苦。
tr	I	She was sad about leaving the cottage , but Jain was excited about the trip .
tr	O	甚至连管弦乐队都放下了乐器，并且庆祝的喧嚣也随之消逝了。
tr	O	一声呜咽引起了我的注意，并且我再次睁开了眼睛。
tr	I	I still thought she should have kept silent , but I softened a bit when I saw how upset she was over it .
tr	I	He wasn 't surprised , but there was definitely something wrong with that .
tr	O	我试图看着他，告诉他我没事，但是那男人不肯松开我的头发。
tr	O	让他留在这里，只有这么一点食物和这么一点希望，这看起来就是错的。
tr	O	我已经想象过我的初吻数百次了，并且那根本不是它。
tr	O	滚烫的水从头顶的水龙头喷涌而出，并且她站在喷洒之下，让过去几天的事情随水冲走。
tr	I	I walked away , but diggs tried to take my hand .
tr	I	The words barely registered but he talked into her silence .
tr	I	Eventually it grew up , but it took a while .
tr	I	Her fingers knotted in his thick dark hair as she lost herself in the kiss and Tammy took in a deep breath .
tr	O	他们不接受复活，也不接受许多归因于后来追随者的奇迹。
tr	O	一根束缚杆出现在她身旁的红色绸缎上，并且她一看到它就感到一阵颤抖。
tr	O	泰特听到自己的名字时眼睛睁大了，并且他抬起下巴致意。
tr	I	She would go with her son to the rink at the slightest opportunity and Natalie 's love affair with figure skating stayed with her into her adulthood .
tr	O	市场大楼本身是典型的维多利亚时期大型建筑，但是它得到了次年即1864年建成的一座钟楼的衬托。
tr	I	I turned , and Fade 's desperate voice followed me .
tr	O	一块石头压在了我的胸口上，并且我闭上眼睛，试图让它消失。
tr	I	I must say that I am genuinely looking forward to it , and well , she invited me out for a drink tonight .
tr	O	这个项目对佐伊来说没有成功，而且她本该回家。
tr	I	I immediately felt refreshed as I drank it , and it tasted better than the most expensive champagne .
tr	I	Others quite fiercely anti-establishment and some were just daft .
tr	I	She just nodded and her cheeks were a cute shade of red .
tr	I	I turned to him with intense relief and Rigel 's voice came from behind me .
tr	I	Will waited patiently in the doorway , and it took only a few moments .
tr	I	The King sat down and Eben nodded .
tr	I	The sunlight is difficult to endure , and the night is ours .
tr	O	让我们假设有一个巨型购物中心，商品最好，价格最低，但是它位于荒无人烟的地方。
tr	I	The robots prize it very highly and it 's a very famous ring .
tr	O	王子来找了我好几次，并且他确实和我待了很长一段时间。
tr	O	崔建从床上起来，并且我心不在焉地移到一边让他走过去。
tr	O	医生说了一些话，并且进行了检查。
tr	O	他的话让我僵住了，并且我的光芒立刻熄灭了。
tr	I	He sets his box down , approaching me cautiously , staring into my eyes and Adrian is alarmed .
tr	O	通常情况下，那个人会割伤自己，但是那在这里不会发生。
tr	O	他在瑞奇那里还好，但是他不能永远待在那里。
tr	I	A woman , probably in her forties , came out smiling , and we were just nearing the house when the door swung open .
tr	O	特里斯坦明亮的石板色眼睛活了起来，并且他开玩笑地拍了拍自己的膝盖。
tr	I	I think it might just be her , but she says it 's the shampoo she uses .
tr	O	我的脚趾碰到了一块突出的岩石，并且冰冷的疼痛窜遍了我的脊椎。
tr	I	She continued to stare at the objects before her and she heard the door close behind him .
tr	O	我不知道发生了什么，但是我们需要帮助。
tr	O	我多年没想过马蒂亚斯了，但是现在他是我唯一能想到的。
tr	I	We 've never been invited before , but Father knows him , of course .
tr	O	伸出手，门打开了，并且它向旁边摆动了。
tr	I	They tell me I don 't understand , but I tell them it 'll lead to a crash .
tr	O	她站着，并且她看不到他。
tr	I	I can 't speak and my tongue is tied .
tr	I	You woke up , so I walked your way , but I wasn 't going to bother you at first .
tr	O	我一直和杀手打交道，但是我从不像这样纠结于他们。
tr	O	绝对的沉默回应了这句话，并且拉夫开始感到相当委屈。
tr	I	His eyes shimmered with something I couldn 't pinpoint , and his face was as hard as stone .
tr	O	洞穴的墙壁可能会在他们周围坍塌，并且她相当确定她甚至都不会注意到。
tr	O	我喉咙深处涌起一种奇怪的感觉，并且我回想起了我与多利安的对话。
tr	O	她的父亲失踪了，并且这足以成为她请假休息的借口。
tr	I	My stomach reeled , ready to throw up everything , and a horrifying feeling smothered me .
tr	O	那个声音很陌生，但是这不重要。
tr	O	那个男人的一些特质突然让费茨威廉浮现在她的脑海中，但是这是一个荒谬的想法。
tr	I	Elvira didn 't think so , but perhaps we made a mistake .
tr	O	我帮他脱下裤子，并且他再次用体重将我压住。
tr	O	我和杰米打交道时可以使用得体的术语，但是现在，这是我首先想到的。
tr	I	It involved Drake 's daughter , and trouble was brewing in Romania .
tr	I	She didn 't try to fight me , but her body trembled .
tr	I	No one seemed to notice his presence and he could walk to the grocery store .
tr	I	This is the craziest house I 've ever been in , but my eyes are still watering .
tr	I	This was the motivation for her curious statement but she elected not to share this with Rei .
tr	O	我的老朋友正处于严重的否认中，并且他只希望那是一条该死的埃及河流。
tr	I	That doesn 't mean I agree , but I understand .
tr	I	The heat seemed particularly blistering this year , but it was almost August , which was often the hottest month in Ashland .
tr	I	I didn 't see the point in pushing the subject , but the way he looked made me think he wasn 't being entirely truthful .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but my shrieked words were incoherent .
tr	O	克里斯托弗试图解开她衬衫的顶扣，但是那些小纽扣不配合他的大手。
tr	I	What choice did he have ; but it was a terrible way to raise a family , a terrible way to live ?
tr	O	我花了一分钟来处理这些信息，并且我猜我几乎没有掩饰住脸上的震惊。
tr	O	她有她的家人，并且没有时间让他成为她的朋友以上。
tr	I	Couples strolled hand in hand , savoring the balmy Indian summer night and skaters rolled by .
tr	I	He was silently begging me to help , and he believed in me .
tr	I	You gave me love , and I gave you my heart .
tr	O	墙壁漆成了蒂芙尼蓝，并且蕾切尔对每个展柜里装满的精美钻石感到惊叹。
tr	I	He hadn 't even touched my lips , and my heartbeat quickened as his mouth grew more heated .
tr	O	杰罗德已经回到了科罗拉多，并且我们把这件事抛在脑后了。
tr	O	她丝毫不关心自己，但是尼古拉对她来说就是一切。
tr	I	Maybe I should be pushing her away even harder , but my dad kept insisting I stop pushing her away .
tr	O	马修认识我时间不长，但是他足够了解我，知道我不是杀人犯。
tr	I	He wasn 't going to let them be treated the same , and they weren 't the same .
tr	O	我们一直走到松树墙，并且我们面前出现了一片由杂草丛生的树干组成的迷宫。
tr	I	I was forced to think of options , and she was as terrified as we were .
tr	I	She felt that soft touch through her entire body , but his thumb brushed over her pulse , the movement so light .
tr	I	Then , quite unexpectedly , he smiled , and Prince Daniel looked at her for a moment .
tr	O	灯都关着，但是电视开着。
tr	I	I would never have to see him again and maybe he felt bad about what he had done .
tr	I	The pain afterward reminds us that life is better when a person is in control , but Pleasure can be great .
tr	I	I manage to blink once and my eyes widen .
tr	O	显然她对周围很熟悉，或者她可能正在使用其中一个花园。
tr	O	他的目光与我的相遇，并且他变得非常安静。
tr	I	Richard relinquished the pendant and Victory was his .
tr	I	I will be leaving soon , but I am stranded here on Earth .
tr	O	太阳正在下山，并且路灯亮了起来。
tr	I	All looked toward the source of the voice , and the accusation brought Gabriel to silence for a moment .
tr	I	I could see she was looking at the ground , and then she hesitated .
tr	O	艾伦睡着了，并且我累坏了。
tr	O	也许她是个寻求刺激的人，并且我成了她的新瘾？
tr	I	It can only be bad news , but I don 't know what 's happening .
tr	I	We 'll talk about the future , and you 'll meet our people , learn about our company .
tr	O	他们确实被迷住了，但是我仍然觉得他格格不入。
tr	O	牛仔放慢了追逐，并且我也放慢了我的追赶。
tr	I	She was only eating to be polite , but she toyed with another piece of salad .
tr	I	I 'd never even heard of roux , and peeling prawns was a mystery to me .
tr	O	咱们别寒暄了，并且我这就直说了。
tr	I	Suddenly his face was pink again , and he caught my eye on him .
tr	I	Bree didn 't like rules but Travel between the two had been restricted .
tr	I	Elise is awake , sitting close to April , who has carefully braided her hair , but in the cabin , Henry is still asleep .
tr	I	She 's definitely reticent about sharing her motives , but she doesn 't actually deny any of it .
tr	I	She barely managed to swallow it and Emotion swelled in Kylie 's throat .
tr	O	伯纳德转向她接受它，并且她听出了他声音中的笑意。
tr	O	她准备好感受愉悦，并且他正在克制。
tr	O	疼痛的强度几乎让他失明，并且他又无法呼吸。
tr	I	Then he heard a scream , and once again Edwin was left debating whether to follow .
tr	I	It wasn 't the waterfall , and I now had a new happy place .
tr	I	She was too nervous to pull it off , but answering the door , she tried to smile .
tr	O	厚重的木门在打开时嘎吱作响，并且杰克逊跳了起来。
tr	I	She felt breathless under their powerful scrutiny and his eyes seemed to devour her .
tr	O	莉娅对我来说一直就像姐妹一样，并且她像个阿姨一样爱我的女儿。
tr	I	His body was limp and his eyes were shut .
tr	I	David told the House , and he told David first .
tr	I	I just inserted myself into the line when my first chance came , and the crowd started a line from Rosie .
tr	I	They sat embracing for some time and Liz pulled him close .
tr	O	她抬手摸了摸脖子，但是没有咬痕，至少她感觉不到任何咬痕。
tr	O	我尖叫了，并且他说。
tr	I	Victor held up his hand , but the Russian opened his mouth , an objection boiling on the tip of his tongue .
tr	O	你现在不能信任我，但是我希望这会改变。
tr	O	他闭上眼睛，花了几宝贵的几秒钟试图将疼痛控制在可承受的范围内，但是疼痛却只是继续扩散。
tr	I	Instantly they were both quiet , and the door opened .
tr	O	它真的很痛，并且疼痛也没有消失。
tr	I	The economy plunged down and the civilians were attacked .
tr	O	我穿着一件宽大的青年布衬衫，下身配着一条打底裤，并且我也没有费心把它扣到最上面。
tr	O	愤怒在我体内翻腾，并且我推了他一把。
tr	I	We have to make it fast , and we have to make a decision .
tr	O	默瑟失去了他爱的机会，但是他会确保他的女儿获得幸福。
tr	I	I stood up , and Robin 's face went white like someone stole his blood .
tr	I	We made them work , but they were mushy .
tr	O	我跟着她进去，并且我们很快就站在一个看起来像旅游区巫毒礼品店中心的地方。
tr	O	我对此感到震惊，但是我必须记住她所说的是一个与我们截然不同的时代。
tr	I	A great deal had happened since and already it seemed an age ago .
tr	I	Fal laughed , and she winked at him .
tr	O	我仍在努力，并且这并不容易。
tr	I	It was still going fast , but the plane slowed down more .
tr	O	我们本应该在没有食物、没有水的情况下离开，但是与其他人不同，特威斯特并没有那么残忍。
tr	O	藤蔓图案交织在银色手柄上，并且几颗宝石镶嵌在上面。
tr	I	I think these ideas have evolved over centuries but these aren 't straightforward references from the bible .
tr	O	我能感觉到我们身体之间残留冰淇淋的粘腻，并且我发现它无比肉欲。
tr	O	希瑟曾强迫他们说出关于我父母的真相，并且当时他们还没有为此做好准备。
tr	O	他们离开了我，并且仅此而已。
tr	O	她策划了这项壮举，并且她有权取笑他。
tr	O	我重新专注于我的敌人，并且当我抓住她滑溜溜的身体时，她从我的手中渗出，奔向自由。
tr	I	She was waiting along with Mikhail to greet Rhiannon 's daughters and Francesca had already been alerted .
tr	I	One of her legs hooked over the other as she continued to lean further into the counter , and she had killer black stilettos on .
tr	I	Katie swung around with a look of apology on her face , and Aunt Marilyn cleared her throat expectantly .
tr	I	I bet that nobody know who I am but the funny thing was he thought , their cheering me .
tr	O	他听不清她在说什么，但是他能听出她在向某人恳求。
tr	O	我不知道，但是我喜欢它。
tr	O	她的脸涨红了，并且她的眼睛充满怒火。
tr	I	She becomes aware that something is behind her , and the feeling of imminent danger creeps over her .
tr	O	另外两辆摩托车沿着车道疾驰而去，并且迪恩伸着手。
tr	I	At least she didn 't glare , but Rosalie didn 't smile .
tr	O	Hoppy的肩膀猛地向上抽动，并且他大大地呼出了一口气。
tr	O	她从未与别的男人睡过，并且他绝对不会是第一个！
tr	O	当我第一次遇见你时，我本会发誓那是你的身体，但是不，我改变主意了。
tr	I	Both the ladies have got night vision built in , and you know about mines .
tr	I	She leads us upstairs to the loft and we follow her back to the house .
tr	O	所有出口都被从外面锁上了，并且金属条已经焊在了窗户上。
tr	I	He heard the unspoken , So have you , and she shot back .
tr	I	I have a wave board at home , not that Mother likes me to use it and I 've done snowboarding .
tr	I	Seth could not get out either , but sure , the zombie man could not get in .
tr	O	云层消散了，并且黑暗也散去了。
tr	I	They all turned to look in that direction , and there was a shout from down the slope .
tr	I	I ordered McAllister to spread the word about what really happened to Blanco , and they know you were here when everything went down .
tr	I	The doors opened and a chime sounded .
tr	O	我总是试图呼唤某人来抓住我，但是从来没有人回应。
tr	O	她的手滑过他衬衫的前部，并且她感受到了下面结实的肌肉，使得棉布发热。
tr	O	并非我需要另一个肯定，但是裘德确实找到了他的人生使命。
tr	I	It was pretty harsh if the man 's hand was any indication and there had obviously been violence .
tr	O	我有一天去了初中，并且其中一个男生正在取笑我。
tr	O	他无意邀请夏洛特·威斯顿约会，但是他确实为凯莉感到抱歉。
tr	I	I cast you out during a much darker time for this family and you 've always been there for my son .
tr	I	He 'd still tracked down a signed Cubs baseball to replace one I 'd lost , but he wasn 't much of a fan .
tr	I	He called the Bureau to let them know that Bobby had you , and I guess Mr. Paxton 's guilt got the better of him .
tr	O	溪流现在向西流淌，而且它们的数量更多了。
tr	I	His handsome features were marred by sorrow , but Darius smiled .
tr	O	我们又走了几步，并且现在正站在另一个集装箱旁。
tr	O	他将一个燃烧的火球掷向最近的人，并且他立刻变成了一道火柱。
tr	O	他本可以仅凭其存在就在混战中脱颖而出，但是他一动不动地置身于狂热的访客群中，却让我着迷。
tr	O	我坐在乔治最喜欢的椅子上，并且他坐在我的腿上，这样他就可以靠近它。
tr	O	他可以长时间躲避那条蛇，但是如果没有干预，这条凶猛的蛇最终会攻击他。
tr	I	The smile froze on her face and obviously surprised , her eyes widened .
tr	O	我们把车开进了碎石车道，并且我摸索着找公寓钥匙。
tr	O	Bickel 咆哮了，但是 Flattery 的话语摧毁了他的怒气，让他感到挫败。
tr	O	最终周一来了，并且工作又抬头了。
tr	I	It wasn 't Jason 's place to argue with him , and he suspected treachery against his father .
tr	O	Terrance 试图挣脱他的腿，但是法兰绒男子没有放手。
tr	I	In another five minutes she would be free and the posts were loose .
tr	O	他意识到自己正在燃烧时尖叫起来，并且他挣扎着想远离他的父亲。
tr	I	Nothing about my situation would ever change again and once I stopped , it was game over .
tr	I	The program helps people work together , but it 's kind of a long story .
tr	O	几场小风暴曾靠近过，但是没有一滴雨落在他们的墙内。
tr	O	她意识到她比想象中更想念他，并且再次见到他更是无比美妙。
tr	I	He followed me , keeping his nose just a little above my skin , but I backed up .
tr	I	Her body seemed to melt at my touch and her lips yielded .
tr	I	When she was comfortable , he finally took his own seat , and he pulled out her chair , gesturing for her to sit .
tr	O	她稍微睁开了眼睛，但是它们不愿意，所以它们又闭上了。
tr	I	The pleasure Tony had already brought her made surrendering a temptation Sarah didn 't even try to resist , but another woman might have resisted the idea .
tr	I	We need you , but I 'm sorry .
tr	I	The power was amazing , but it didn 't hurt .
tr	I	Tris smacks her back , and Christina smacks her arm .
tr	I	I know I can get her in the mood , but I know she isn 't interested in sleeping me .
tr	O	他的身体瞬间静止了，并且我屏住呼吸等待他动起来。
tr	O	她的细眉皱了起来，并且她轻轻摇了摇头。
tr	O	他能感觉到它腐臭的边缘试图爬出来，但是这并不是他第一次做这样的事情。
tr	I	She hated driving in the snow , but she may do it every year .
tr	I	I feel horrible for even acting like it could be worth nothing , and a flashback of my grandmother giving it to me washes over me .
tr	O	我所有的情感都哽住了喉咙，使我难以开口，但是我还是把话说出来了。
tr	O	他的头发比她之前意识到的要短，但是他大部分时间都戴着帽子。
tr	O	我只需要你的一只手压在我的两腿之间，并且我就会因快乐而尖叫。
tr	I	I 've been in pain ever since and I slid into first base last week .
tr	I	He nearly broke , and she chuckled .
tr	I	She hated her youthful inexperience , and every instinct she possessed told her that the duke was a highly complex man .
tr	I	My good mood lasts until we reach the middle of the lobby , and I 'm still laughing when we get out of the elevator car .
tr	I	That heaven was not meant for the likes of us , and they made us feel we were unworthy sinners .
tr	I	Now he had decided that he wasn 't waiting any longer , and he had held back only for some reason of his own .
tr	O	刺击停止了，并且棍子掉到了地上。
tr	O	一只大手环住她的手腕，并且他慢慢地将它们拉过她的头顶，警惕着任何不适的迹象。
tr	O	火灾后留下了一小块衣物，并且我认出了它。
tr	I	At least he felt loyal enough not to cheat , unlike Ava , or Nicholas presumably loved her .
tr	I	He certainly had seen a lot , but as he looked at the clothes he realized that Sir may not have seen all of Henry 's future .
tr	O	妈妈的车没有踪影，但是可能停在车库里了。
tr	I	She couldn 't help giggling either , but Carey tried her best to hold it back .
tr	I	He mechanically lowered himself into a molded plastic chair , and the waiting room was deserted .
tr	O	我一直想拉扯它，但是我不想让任何人认出我。
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure I can 't stay out all night , but it 's not your responsibility .
tr	I	I really hated it that Jake could get me into such a state and I was not a nervous person by nature .
tr	I	I knew in any case I would explode and my patience had almost reached its edge .
tr	O	第十五章 滋养甜点在我们大多数人的盘子里无人动弹，并且大家礼貌地拒绝了咖啡。
tr	I	Emerging nocturnal sounds were magnified in the silence and there was a noticeable pause .
tr	I	I did not meet his eyes , but I sat down across from Blake .
tr	I	I changed in the bathroom and she tossed them to me .
tr	O	我知道我应该离开，我应该保持距离，但是内心深处有些不安。
tr	O	一种突如其来的瘙痒感袭来，并且他开始疯狂地抓挠守门员护具。
tr	O	我感觉到他深吸了一口气，并且他的手平放在我的后腰处。
tr	I	That didn 't mean he had a right to hurt my girl , but the fucker had a pretty sound reason for going off the deep end .
tr	O	格蕾特想抗议，但是她深知饥饿已久，无法拒绝食物的提供。
tr	O	那是一次险情，但是威尔在第八局打入了两个跑垒，使我们领先。
tr	I	He had the cutest cleft in his chin , and his eyes were deep green , sort of hooded .
tr	I	A loaf of bread sat between them , and some kind of soup steamed in the bowls .
tr	O	我转头看他，并且他灰绿色眼睛中的平静抚慰了我。
tr	I	It could not be discerned from the base of the structure but I knew the cap was there from walking towards the tower .
tr	O	烤肉的香味弥漫在空气中，并且尽管我们刚吃完一顿美味大餐，我的肚子还是咕咕叫了。
tr	O	她在哭泣，并且她的声音低沉，显然是想让对方察觉不到她。
tr	O	他可以把她留在地上，但是他内心深处有某种东西对此心生抗拒。
tr	I	He 'd made it available to all his employees , and he 'd had a full gym installed on the top floor of the Cogent Building .
tr	I	The mission will be an epic fail and I know if I miss this train I 'll be stuck .
tr	I	They didn 't make anything , and breeders didn 't go anywhere .
tr	I	He was actually repulsed by the old man , but he was ashamed of himself for the feeling of revulsion .
tr	O	前门右边有一个小的塑料门铃，并且南丁格尔按下了它。
tr	O	他重新坐了下来，并且那光靠得更近了。
tr	O	巴拉克的眼睛明显亮了起来，并且他走向了门。
tr	O	他一定是个恶魔，然而，他的夫人爱他。
tr	I	She nodded with enthusiasm and her desperate brain turned the word dessert into a kiss .
tr	I	His caress is quickly withdrawn in favour of adjusting the fly thermostat , but I reach to take his hand in mine .
tr	I	He 's still holding my hand and he 's kneeling next to me .
tr	I	I hadn 't mentioned whose eyes they were , but I 'd told her my dream , that I 'd seen a wolf with human eyes .
tr	I	When we were seated , I contemplated my next move and I ordered cups of coffee .
tr	O	他们身上有某种真实感，并且她点了点头。
tr	I	He has not the mood to talk to me either but he might not be really mad at me .
tr	O	我睁开眼睛看他是否在开玩笑，但是他正皱着眉看着他正在剥皮的兔子。
tr	I	You solved it in 15 seconds and your solution to this problem is brilliant .
tr	O	我们所做的一切进展太快了，并且他可以随意乱搞。
tr	I	She was not here now , and he had not seen her since before his press conference .
tr	I	He would refuse , but Cutter intended to make Kendall cooperate , to share his knowledge .
tr	O	随着一道红色的血流蔓延到她的胸前，吉娜的脸因震惊而苍白，并且她倒在了地上。
tr	O	我开始说些什么，但是接着我看到塔利斯向那匹马挥手。
tr	I	You know why and we 're not friends .
tr	O	他发出嘶嘶声，并且我把我的手垂到身体两侧。
tr	O	时间不长了，但是你可以开始训练。
tr	I	Tonight seems like the perfect night to share it , but we came up with the plan about a week ago .
tr	O	我曾不得不反击，但是他最终把我放在了第一位。
tr	I	I didn 't plan to ever take it off and I loved the way it felt around my neck .
tr	O	围观的所有人立刻转过身，但是那个持枪的男孩没有停止瞄准乔治，像我所希望的那样。
tr	O	我沉默地凝视着他们每一个人，希望能找到话语来说，但是我无话可说。
tr	I	It soon would be , but it wasn 't raining yet .
tr	I	I had cooked dinner together and it reminded me of the countless nights Sean .
tr	I	She recognized several places that had been there before she had moved , but many of the buildings were unfamiliar to her .
tr	I	He was forever getting in my way , and the donkey was a curious little beast .
tr	I	I licked her palm and she covered my mouth .
tr	I	I spun around with my arms held in a defensive position and a bang at the door jarred me back to reality .
tr	O	她点头表示同意，并且她的光芒黯淡了。
tr	I	I just needed to show up and Anna just took over the preparations .
tr	I	The wind blew as Isaac hissed , and Thunder crashed overhead .
tr	O	她的年龄很难猜测，但是她肯定比我大。
tr	I	He spoke with the same air of disapproval , and there was still that glint of disappointment in his eyes .
tr	I	Sabin could not always stop it from inflicting doubts on others , and the demon couldn 't help itself .
tr	I	Her head tipped back as she began to move astride him and Verity 's fingers clamped onto his shoulders .
tr	O	她以为自己已彻底摆脱了，但是里面，五双眼睛转向布雷特。
tr	O	她当然知道他经常外出，但是她没有意识到究竟有多频繁。
tr	O	我不到两小时前才离开巴拿马城海滩，并且我在报纸上看到了他们的照片。
tr	O	他牵着斯凯拉的手，并且他们在灌木丛后面跑开了。
tr	I	He was an only child and his parents had long since died .
tr	O	他讨厌人们利用我，并且他更讨厌那个人是个男人。
tr	O	他可能正在变老，但是他仍然是一个令人望而生畏的男人。
tr	O	我们的菜一放到桌上，我们又独处了，并且埃利继续说。
tr	O	她从未谈及离开，并且我也没有问她。
tr	I	At last I felt whole again , and instead I focused on his eyes .
tr	O	去年似乎是很久以前的事了，而且我反正也真的讨厌想起它。
tr	O	女人的解脱感溢于言表，并且玛格丽特再次尖叫起来，驱使男人们疯狂地挖掘。
tr	O	自从他昨天离开我的牢房后，他什么也没说，但是我习惯了他的沉默。
tr	I	I followed , and Rivera stood .
tr	O	贾里德环顾四周，但是什么也没有发生。
tr	I	She couldn 't tell them that , but no one would .
tr	I	I watched her face light up before I took her smile away , and she laughed .
tr	I	Silent tears started down her cheeks and Delilah squeezed Boone 's hand again .
tr	I	I had to quiet her before I went on , and my wolf howled her delight again at hearing .
tr	I	I know that he 's going to be all right and his eyes open .
tr	O	灰色的斗篷不是一件礼仪服装，但是却是为了取暖而随意披上的。
tr	O	在只有一个灯泡亮着的情况下，屋里很暗，并且非常冷。
tr	O	当然，他们拿走了她的手电筒，但是她发现裤子口袋里有一块碎布被。
tr	I	I heard her say my name and her voice pushed through thick muffle .
tr	O	公羊角从其头部两侧扭曲而出，并且它有蛇的獠牙。
tr	I	She giggled , squirming against me getting even closer and I nodded .
tr	I	Then he will disturb the house again at an even later hour , and I am afraid that he may come looking for you .
tr	O	汽车呼啸而过，并且利亚姆看着迎面而来的车灯，试图弄清楚哪些车会卷入其中。
tr	I	It was working , and his tone was light .
tr	I	He 's tied up at the emergency room and there was a fire at the high school .
tr	I	For a moment pride flickered in his eyes , and Brick looked up at her .
tr	O	他感觉不一样，但是不知为何感觉很好。
tr	O	这不是为了让人们做某些事，但是为了鼓励他们。
tr	O	死亡可能花了一些时间才注意到我们的存在，但是它正在迅速行动，将它囚禁的灵魂转而对抗我们。
tr	I	It appears that he 's not much in their favor these days , but Llewellyn used to do the odd job for the Americans , too .
tr	I	The sweater she wore was untouched by the flames and the fire had spread to Cassie 's elbows , though it wasn 't burning her .
tr	O	他也向她倾斜，并且一个笑容慢慢形成。
tr	O	他还拿着一个回旋镖，并且它不是那种会飞回来的玩具回旋镖。
tr	O	珠帘又响了起来，并且多萝西娅夫人的头出现了。
tr	I	I could hardly breathe and my vision was blurred .
tr	O	我摇了摇头，并且她转向了亨特。
tr	O	愧疚感拉扯着她，但是她忽略了它。
tr	O	她的声音里带着责备，并且沃斯意识到他已经忘记了那个死去的女孩。
tr	I	He pulled away but I reached over to shake his hand .
tr	I	She stood and the cab pulled up .
tr	O	琳达端上了一些派片，但是他们俩都不饿。
tr	O	我俯身，当他们把花束放在土堆上时，并且我为自己做了几次祷告。
tr	O	我动不了，而且我几乎无法呼吸。
tr	I	I like variety , but my parents pay for my contacts .
tr	O	她僵住了，并且他止住了自己，再次放下它们，脸上带着若有所思的表情。
tr	I	Alexa wasn 't taking no for an answer , but with a disinterested sigh , Cara shook her head .
tr	O	她的手放在胸前，但是她的目光仍然凝视着我的肩膀上方。
tr	O	瑞克说得有道理，但是我不知道麦克能帮多大忙。
tr	O	我的供认是一个巨大的启示，而且是一个我有时无法想象会承认的事情。
tr	I	I needed the physicality of fighting , and maybe it was all the pent-up rage from being caged for so long .
tr	I	It was a relief when the bump of wheels on the tarmac heralded their arrival and the descent seemed to take forever .
tr	O	大地沉浸在虚假的和平中，并且暂时所有邪恶都已撤退。
tr	I	He didn 't become angry but David felt pangs of jealously .
tr	I	There was an uncomfortable few minutes of silence broken only by the occasional outburst of hysterical laughter and the barman hastily called an ambulance .
tr	I	He moved toward it , and the display case caught his eyes .
tr	I	He looks ecstatic , and I swallow lightly .
tr	O	他说：但是他们并非都是坏人。
tr	I	The poorer ones climbed down from the roof , and the richer passengers got out of the coach .
tr	O	包在我手里很柔软，而且我能感觉到里面的东西在晃动。
tr	I	I fail to find the humor in it , but several of the students laugh at this comment .
tr	I	As my car hammers back into the ground , I wait for that sound to shriek from right behind me and sirens scream into the night .
tr	O	她把我推开，并且我摔倒在地。
tr	O	一阵寒意掠过她，并且维罗妮卡瞥了一眼另一辆车。
tr	I	He wouldn 't be able to do that without the added light , and Peter wanted to be able to see her .
tr	O	那是中等戴夫，并且展品B是班卓琴。
tr	O	他认为可能差不多是所有人，但是他自己唯一担心的是回家。
tr	I	She found she did , but she didn 't want to need him .
tr	I	The mine security guys kept the peace and Sheriff Jones was on the hot seat as Pastor Greg tried to keep it civil .
tr	I	The ground was still sodden , but it hadn 't rained in days .
tr	I	That meant one of two things and Nicolas could no longer feel his presence .
tr	I	The eagle was nearer than ever and they were near the edge of the village now .
tr	O	一把小型的弹簧刀是我唯一可用的防御武器，并且它提供不了多少帮助。
tr	O	我直视着他，并且我忍不住笑了。
tr	I	I wouldn 't want to see you strain yourself unnecessarily , and don 't trouble yourself with it .
tr	I	Love is a fabulous thing and it means they love me .
tr	O	她的肩膀下垂了，并且她的疲惫感又回来了。
tr	I	I can tell it 's distracting me and there is something I need to ask her .
tr	I	It was too late , but Aria grabbed for Klaudia 's hand .
tr	I	Simon was wearing a bow tie , but Simon was in an identical black tux .
tr	O	当然，他不是，但是他给人的印象就是如此。
tr	I	His head lowered and his gaze bore intently into hers .
tr	I	She desperately wanted some time alone with him , and she wanted out of this cramped vehicle .
tr	O	我死了，并且我们俩都需要知道为什么。
tr	O	也许这是拉娜一直在等的重要电话，并且他应该为她留言。
tr	O	我的第一个念头是她想用它刺我，但是当我看着她的眼睛时，我看到了一种狂野、脱离现实的灵魂。
tr	I	Madeleine caught a glimpse of the lost boy beneath his polished masculinity , but he said it lightly .
tr	I	I shall reconsider and take me home .
tr	O	头顶传来一阵短暂的金属尖叫声，并且一个风车扇叶坠落到街上。
tr	O	我的门被猛地打开了，并且一只手伸了进来。
tr	I	She felt so miserable , but Rachel wanted to continue .
tr	I	This time it was the scream of defeat , but it screamed again .
tr	O	他却把她推开了，并且她因那出乎意料的力道而跌跌撞撞。
tr	O	我喜欢的男生不够喜欢我，并且那些足够喜欢我的男生又不是我的菜。
tr	O	好像他从未见过女性一样，并且道森已经迫不及待要自我介绍了。
tr	I	Yet she 'd not felt anything , and when she withdrew her finger she saw the scald .
tr	O	她说过宝宝一直在动，并且这总是让她想上厕所。
tr	I	Afterward , he 'd get some sleep , and someone would take care of it .
tr	I	He was sure he hadn 't taken a breath in about five minutes and his knees were still wobbling .
tr	I	Otherwise the rooftop patio was empty , but there was a couple making out .
tr	I	I haven 't got the vinegar for that anymore , but I did a fair amount of mischief in my younger days .
tr	I	It was a temporary distraction , but the rigorous exercise felt good .
tr	I	She reached over to hold my hand and her eyes were sad .
tr	O	和他在一起的几乎每个时刻都很完美，并且希望我们还能有一千个像这样的时刻。
tr	I	She turned to face him and he opened the car door .
tr	I	At least we knew it was safe to eat , but this pizza didn 't look half as good as the one Wendell had ordered for us .
tr	O	避难所里有一个放在泡沫垫上的睡袋，并且斯坦利就是通过这张飞毯被送往天堂的。
tr	I	She 's still here , but he passed away four years ago in January .
tr	O	语言是我的专长之一，并且我多年前就已经精通了这种语言。
tr	O	她和他在一起，但是他不知道她目睹了多少。
tr	O	布伦达摇下她的驾驶座车窗，并且我妈妈靠过座位。
tr	O	他可以闭上他心中的眼睛，但是他的听觉他无法关闭。
tr	I	She wanted more and a hum of strength flowed into her .
tr	O	她不想吵醒他，但是她想知道发生了什么。
tr	O	汤姆笨拙地挥手告别，他的良心不断地捶打着他的胸口，并且昨晚的记忆在他的脑海中翻腾。
tr	I	The ground gave way and I was trying to fix a stake .
tr	I	Her stomach twisted slightly at the gruesome sight of their fallen bodies , and she glanced back toward the dead men .
tr	O	蔡斯（Chase）的身体滑下她的身体，并且他的嘴唇压在她的私处。
tr	I	You will save it and lose your life .
tr	O	莎耶娜（Cheyenne）简直不敢相信，但是她的妹妹已经戒毒三个月了。
tr	O	我走进这里，并且没有人吃我。
tr	I	It felt like my life was paused , but I had no idea what .
tr	O	钟声宣告下课，并且我转身要走，让他目瞪口呆。
tr	O	那是他非常想告诉父母的事情，但是他知道如果他那样做，他们只会嘲笑他。
tr	I	He moved his mouth to her breast and she kissed his head .
tr	O	杰克逊（Jackson）更加用力，并且我知道他快到了。
tr	I	He was already halfway back to his delivery truck , but signing where the young man indicated , she started to thank him .
tr	O	他把我拉到他胸前，并且我微笑着听着他狂跳的心脏，闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	一个人从我左边跑向我们，但是布洛克正忙着重新装填火箭筒。
tr	O	我知道我的思想刚刚找到了一种安全，尽管是妄想的，应对现实的方式，但是我什么都愿意接受。
tr	I	He looked down at his spear , and she quickly winked at him .
tr	O	朱尔斯看起来很受伤，但是麦迪却是以她那虚张声势、不容置疑的方式回答的人。
tr	O	他有一个很明显的美人尖，而且他非常怀疑地看着麦克。
tr	O	他没有伤害她，但是看起来他肯定准备让沙恩尝尝各种痛苦。
tr	O	格哈德在那里，而且他的助手理查兹也在。
tr	O	我转过身，而且快速的动作让我周围的一切都模糊了。
tr	O	我把它摘下来，并且我们跟了上去。
tr	I	There wasn 't any response , but he then hammered on the closed front door .
tr	O	他的最后一息从他唇间消逝，并且他残破的身体变得寂静。
tr	O	疼痛如此剧烈，然而他甚至无法喊出来。
tr	I	They wouldn 't have had the ability to bind your powers , and the thing I don 't understand is your parents are elves .
tr	I	I will continue to send them to you until you pardon my abysmal behavior and you have my apologies .
tr	O	当社区首次形成时，当然没有电视，并且收音机每天只播放三十分钟，全是新闻。
tr	O	除了我向前一步时，他又再次向她倾身，并且她没有阻止他。
tr	I	Then he was gone , and Laila nodded .
tr	O	她戏谑地挑了挑眉，并且她从她清点当日支票的地方对我假笑。
tr	I	Apparently she 'd set another one today to facilitate her escape and her crazy sister had set fire to The Wave last year .
tr	O	他们在报摊前下车了，并且他们就在这里了。
tr	I	Exposure would end us , and Game would be scarce .
tr	O	他们因惧怕箭矢而环顾四周，但是弓箭手们已被命令不得射击，直到国王的计划实施之后。
tr	O	我们至少相距十英尺，但是对我来说似乎还不够远。
tr	O	一个人做了，并且她扣动了扳机。
tr	O	他的腿不再管用了，并且他的身体以一种不自然的扭曲姿势躺着。
tr	I	She grips my arms tightly and Life pours into her expression .
tr	O	他的手仍然在上面，并且我抬头，在黑暗中眯着眼看他。
tr	I	The moment was lost , and he laughed .
tr	O	迄今为止没有任何比蜂鸟更大的迹象，但是他知道更大的动物会在前方出现。
tr	O	她想解开他的手，看看彭罗斯对他做了什么，但是他开始撑起身子站起来。
tr	O	她的眼睛眯了起来，并且她停止了颤抖。
tr	O	他的眼睛在他看到它们是什么时猛地睁大，并且女王在他来得及隐藏之前就看到了他的震惊。
tr	I	I 'd probably agree with anything right about now , but I nod curtly .
tr	O	我现在对她也几乎同样生气，但是这次是因为她不肯离开。
tr	I	Claire took a chair adjacent to us , and Jared sat beside me on the sofa .
tr	O	煤灰弄脏了她的脸，并且她看起来很年轻。
tr	I	Men didn 't maintain their military positions by letting themselves go soft , but Jesse might have been older .
tr	I	Soon we were off and I shifted into gear .
tr	I	I did , for one last stab at success , but I shouldn 't have come back at all .
tr	O	他话语中那凄凉的绝望让她不寒而栗，并且她紧紧握住了他的手。
tr	I	Claire felt her heartbeat quicken and at last there were signs to the airport .
tr	O	寂静笼罩着空气，我消化着他的话语，完全赞同他的观点，但是我的嘴唇仍然拒绝大声说出来。
tr	O	我以前问过，并且我知道答案会是一样的。
tr	I	They knew what I could control , but maybe I couldn 't control them .
tr	I	She had doubts that she could , either , and a man certainly couldn 't get through there .
tr	O	我很有用，并且你是一个用户。
tr	O	卡梅伦猛地从床上起身，顺势把她也抱了起来，并且床单滑落了。
tr	I	Bobby puts it on the tree , and Daniel hands his son the star .
tr	O	在我们从印度尼西亚回来后不久，苏珊娜把他的电话号码转发给了我，并且我几乎给他打了十几次电话。
tr	O	汤姆缩进椅子里，但是卡尔文还没有说完。
tr	O	芬说他可以在阳光下待得比以往任何时候都久，但是如果他待太久，他仍然会被晒伤。
tr	I	She blinked back tears and Moisture filled her eyes .
tr	I	I did nothing to dissuade him , but I knew my father hated Max .
tr	O	门开时，我猛地直起身，特拉维斯得意洋洋地踱了进来。
tr	O	医生的声音并不严厉，但是她锐利的目光让奥特姆感觉被牢牢盯住。
tr	O	他这四天确实没有打过电话，而且这四天是维丽蒂生命中最漫长的四天。
tr	I	She rolled to the floor just as one of Morgan 's men took a shot at her from the lower level , and I screamed .
tr	O	西蒙是个很不错的人，而且她觉得他是一个友好、聪明的伴侣。
tr	O	她最近工作很多，而且我好几天没见到她了。
tr	O	跳舞是托尼的爱好之一，而且当她走上舞池时，她会忘掉一切。
tr	O	另外两名刺客中有一人成功躲过了挥击，但是他身边的同伴就没有那么幸运了。
tr	O	甚至投入我们的关系都是一件鲁莽的事，并且我内心的一部分需要通过在其他方面有所保留来弥补。
tr	I	Plunging with fear and * * * Lexi had spent the last twenty-four hours on an emotional roller coaster , rising with hope .
tr	I	The truth doesn 't exist , but they all know the truth .
tr	I	The curious foal would run up to check her out and after she 'd finished grooming Rocket Fuel , she 'd walk over to the fence .
tr	O	她不想成为梅丽莎预言的对象，并且她当然也不希望德文成为其中一部分。
tr	O	并不是说他不聪明，因为他很聪明，但是他却完全天真无邪。
tr	O	又下雪了，但是这次是雪花很大，轻轻地从空中飘落，在微风阵阵中嬉戏。
tr	O	我安排这一切是因为加百列为了你而离开了我，艾玛，并且这不公平。
tr	O	墙壁是淡蓝色灰泥，并且左侧有一小块区域摆放着竹制家具。
tr	I	His face grazed my cheek and I turned my head to one side .
tr	I	She hardly noticed , but an ambulance passed her , lights flashing , siren blaring .
tr	O	我不记得小时候玩过火柴，并且凤凰的孩子们不知为何没有那些力量。
tr	O	其他女人会竞拍克里夫，并且他会带着另一个女人离开。
tr	O	我走过去锁上他身后的门，并且艾略特突然又出现在门口，独自一人。
tr	O	我用我那只好的眼睛抬头看着她，并且她正坐在床上，抱着头，怒视着我。
tr	O	不要露出内疚的表情，或者他就会知道你在想什么。
tr	I	Transformation is a natural part of life , but you will be changed by the knowledge found here .
tr	O	怒气抢在莉莉前面爆发出来，并且我的头猛地转向她。
tr	O	我曾拥有你，而且你也一直照顾着我。
tr	I	There was a long , livid scar down the right cheek , and her face was pitted with smallpox scars .
tr	I	Her stare met Saul 's , but locking her jaw , she gave it to him .
tr	O	我为此笑了，但是其中却没有真正的喜悦。
tr	O	我们周围的空气弥漫着厚重的蒸汽，并且我将它吸入肺中，品味着它流过我身体时的温暖。
tr	I	We 're both smiling and his hands are on my belly .
tr	O	他的眼睛慢慢合上了，并且我看到他稍微皱了一下眉。
tr	O	沃尔什不知道他是否能相信那件事，但是他仍然抱有希望那会是真的。
tr	I	He immediately moved in that direction , and Stone saw him , too .
tr	I	I took care of him when his brother got sick with cancer , and he took care of me when I needed a place to stay .
tr	I	She wasn 't about to worry about it now , but she had no idea what they wanted .
tr	I	Even though he knew he should wait , he couldn 't bring himself to wait , and she was his woman .
tr	I	It would support his body weight , and he knew the water was close by .
tr	I	They were the Way , and I was the Wayward .
tr	O	我们可以等到遇到那个问题时再解决，并且我们甚至还没到电影院呢。
tr	I	The odd thing was he couldn 't remember leaving her apartment , but of course it was .
tr	O	他的步子比我的长一倍，而且我发现自己不得不小跑着才能跟上。
tr	I	That was never a good sign and the room behind us was silent .
tr	I	He wasn 't nearly as big as Clay remembered , and Age was taking its toll .
tr	I	I just happened to be there , and she needed something to hold onto .
tr	O	他是个奇怪的孩子，但是我无法更爱他了。
tr	I	I ignored that , but her lips turned up into a subtle smirk .
tr	O	这有助于我思考，并且奔跑在为滋养人类而种植的庄稼中是我最喜欢的地方之一。
tr	I	I noticed the crinkled edge of a tiny white bag sticking out of his wallet , and his tablet rested next to his wallet .
tr	O	温克勒通过电话提供了关于霍华德议员的信息，并且迈克尔斯先生正在自己的电脑上调取信息。
tr	I	You owe me no duties , and we must part again soon .
tr	O	恐惧充满了我的心，随着莉安娜开始减慢船速并且我们开始上升。
tr	O	我的手指开始颤抖，并且我快速眨眼，咬着嘴唇。
tr	I	She 'd slept through the night without waking once , but she hadn 't realized how exhausted she was .
tr	O	我的嘴唇向一侧弯曲，并且我回头看向布雷登。
tr	I	He was - Pushing her into the elevator and holding her so tightly .
tr	O	凯看了一眼她的母亲，但是多萝西拒绝与她对视。
tr	O	她的声音在那个词上变成了耳语，并且他不得不费力才能听到她。
tr	O	海滩变窄了，并且悬崖看起来更陡峭了。
tr	O	她忘记了房子是什么样子，或者也许她刚到时没有注意到，因为她当时太悲伤了。
tr	O	他伸出手，上面还戴着戒指，并且她稍作犹豫后将她的手滑入其中。
tr	O	威廉从未直说，但是我知道这有朝一日是打算成为我们的家。
tr	I	I tucked them between my knees , and I realized my hands had begun to shake .
tr	I	The pain had begun to subside and she 'd been off her feet for a few hours .
tr	I	He stiffened and Smith 's face turned red .
tr	I	He smiled and his eyes flicked over me .
tr	O	他们清理了他们的烂摊子，并且他收起了香料。
tr	I	There was no wound there , but Blood still marred his skin .
tr	I	One person with a grudge had ruined it in the space of a morning , and Misty had labored so hard for this business .
tr	O	金属贴着我的皮肤感觉很温暖，并且我怀疑这是否是我的想象。
tr	O	尤其是在药物让她精疲力尽并且疼痛让她疲惫不堪的情况下。
tr	O	她迈错了一步，差点摔倒，并且有一刻表面湿得惊人。
tr	I	We didn 't see a single pair of headlights pass in our direction , and the road stretched on into infinity .
tr	O	我的内裤全湿了，并且这不是一件好笑的事情。
tr	I	It did help you , but yes , you did .
tr	O	他们做的是劣质仿品，但是他不需要劣质品。
tr	I	She forced her eyes to stay open , but Lethargy pulled at Sabine 's body .
tr	O	也许她只是物质，并且物质会被回收。
tr	O	爱国者为国捐躯，并且英雄得以幸存。
tr	O	珍娜变成了一个怪物，并且塔米不需要那样的朋友。
tr	I	Antonia knew exactly what she was saying , but she answered in a mysterious mixture of meaningless noises .
tr	I	Seeing that there were no other cabs in sight , she gave in , but she glanced around .
tr	I	Throughout it , the pack started to lose the scent of fear , but the pain lasted a long time .
tr	O	他冲我眨了眨眼，并且他仍然看起来很累。
tr	I	Sure enough , she came through the front door several minutes later and he waited .
tr	I	It seems to be pretty consistent and I 've asked them not to give me any cases you 've worked on .
tr	O	德斯蒂尼走向那扇华丽的双开门，但是这次它们没有上锁。
tr	I	Conversational hum buzzed and he walked away .
tr	I	He had inherited a lot of money when his parents passed away and he was an only child .
tr	I	He glared at her and Bastian 's lips tightened .
tr	I	A spine of red light rose up from her palm , taking shape like a dagger , and she put her left hand behind her back .
tr	I	The door they had entered through was tucked in the corner , and there were ornate doors at either side of the room .
tr	O	丽莎为一家全国性杂志撰写专栏，并且雪莉在同一家杂志的信息技术部门工作。
tr	O	他们不仅需要营救露西，而且他们还需要逃离这个国家。
tr	O	她的话对拉夫来说毫无意义，并且过了一会儿他才回答。
tr	I	We 're going over to Nate 's , but I know you guys just got here .
tr	O	我从他身边挣脱时尖叫起来，并且他笑了。
tr	O	艾玛的脉搏开始放缓，并且她的肩膀慢慢地从蜷缩在耳旁的位置落下。
tr	O	太阳已经落下好一会儿了，但是意大利人对夜晚有另一种定义。
tr	I	Within moments they were free and with a deafening roar it began to rend at the thick growth restraining them .
tr	O	她仍然不想相信，但是她却有一种可怕的沉重感。
tr	I	If you go to them they cannot run away , and they will not come to you .
tr	I	We won 't rest until we find her , but we don 't know her present location .
tr	I	She suspected it would take a few years , but Corrie looked forward to it .
tr	I	The price was more than she 'd been willing to pay , but Alison had badly wanted that silk .
tr	I	There were certain similarities otherwise that were hard to overlook , but Samuel was fully a head taller than the other man .
tr	I	He told me he 'd handle it himself , but I offered to look into it .
tr	O	她的双手在她面前紧张地绞在一起，并且他能看出她的不安已经飙升到极点。
tr	O	乔什大步走向浴室，并且我转向亚当。
tr	O	她的肚子很痛，并且她的肌肉在颤抖。
tr	I	What showed outside was rolling landscape , not city , but in this one , Hart was standing at a wide window .
tr	I	She refused to supply a buffet , and those things acted like a dinner bell for demons .
tr	O	怒火在我皮肤下燃烧，并且我感到全身发热。
tr	O	阿丽莎开始说些什么，但是多利安向她投去恳求的目光。
tr	I	Jonesy , as you call him , was the best pilot I ever flew with , and that Suzi must be a whiz kid .
tr	O	我已经告诉过你，在我侍奉主人之前我曾是个怎样的人，而且有些事情永远不会改变。
tr	O	埃里克再次吻了伊奥娜的头发，并且伊奥娜猛地惊醒了过来。
tr	O	他们会恢复正常，并且会只剩下我们了。
tr	I	Her face was made up in light tones that were a far cry from her wrestling look and her black hair was pulled into a pony tail .
tr	O	萨尔总是警告他关于詹的事，但是他从未认真听取他的建议。
tr	O	随着服务员开始从桌上收拾盘子，霍克站了起来，并且房间里一片寂静。
tr	O	座椅散发着淡淡的烟味，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	海风把那缕松散的头发吹到我脸上，并且我小心翼翼地把它塞回原位才开始。
tr	I	Everything else was white but my stockings were nude .
tr	O	我当时并不知道，但是我言之过早了。
tr	O	痒意又回来了，并且他睁开了眼睛。
tr	O	我也在社区里分发了传单，但是我不知道那会有多大效果。
tr	O	麦迪的脸红了，并且她向我反抗。
tr	O	尼古拉斯和马利一起离开了，并且他们去参加了弥撒。
tr	I	His touch had changed the horse for him , but the guard was forced to join us for the crime of fighting back .
tr	I	Home base will stay the same , but I 'll still have to travel .
tr	O	他低沉的声音让里斯的心跳加速，并且她转过身来。
tr	O	他喝了一大口自己的，并且我紧紧握住我冰冷的玻璃杯。
tr	I	Based on their facial expression , I must have looked as bad as I felt , and both looked at me .
tr	O	床头板是簇绒奶油色织物，几乎碰到天花板，并且所有床上用品都是单色的白色系。
tr	I	I looked anyway , but it was too dim in here to read , probably even too dim to find what I wanted .
tr	I	She longed to believe it was real , and she 'd longed for his love .
tr	O	我们的世界在我们身边崩塌了，然而，即使我所做的一切对他来说毫无意义，他仍然信任我的决定。
tr	O	我的喘息变成了哭泣，但是我无法停止那些，就像我无法停止在他越来越猛烈的冲击下，在极度的狂喜中挣扎一样。
tr	I	The not thinking part was impossible , but the breathing part was easy .
tr	O	我只是给他办公室发个消息，而且他似乎总是有时间立刻给我回电话。
tr	O	我在灵魂深处感受到了他的决心，并且一种高涨的自信感涌上心头。
tr	I	He nods and I ask .
tr	O	他开始隔着我的内裤抚摸我，并且瞬间我对他燃起了欲望。
tr	I	He ran over to his mother and the boy 's eyes became wet .
tr	O	他的心因为这个提醒而稍稍收紧，并且他抽搐了一下。
tr	I	My call went to voice mail and the ringing stopped .
tr	O	她必须相信这一点，否则她就会失去理智。
tr	I	She felt her knees begin to tremble and the breath she 'd taken a moment ago was lodged in her throat .
tr	I	He gives me one of his sexy smirks and I look up at him in shock .
tr	I	I was enveloped by the night , and ~ The back door clicked behind me .
tr	O	她听起来很害怕，并且他的心猛地一跳。
tr	O	它在那里一动不动地站了一分钟，然后它开口说话了。
tr	I	I 'll be forced to silence you myself , or shut up .
tr	O	这很美妙，并且如果他此刻没有开始想起塞巴斯蒂安，那就会是完美的。
tr	O	管家继续说，但是我却把他隔绝在外。
tr	I	That 's me , but I wouldn 't date a guy like that anyway .
tr	I	He had to know the answer to it , but the next question stung his throat .
tr	O	我取得了不错的成绩，但是我的MCAT成绩不理想。
tr	O	我本来打算直接问Jax关于他的家人，但是有个备用方案也无妨。
tr	I	They 've stopped trying to help , and people have decided you 're hopeless .
tr	I	She didn 't expect him to , but at least he didn 't stumble .
tr	I	I 'm relieved to see him stifling a smile and he clears his throat , finally breaking my trance .
tr	I	His thoughts kept drifting back to his former career at the Ironwood Flats Nuclear Power Plant , but Daniel wanted to sleep .
tr	O	她短暂地考虑过无论如何都要挣脱那条裙子，但是暴徒们来得太快了。
tr	O	喷口开始断断续续地喷水，而不是连续的水流，并且人们聚集在喷泉周围，仿佛被吸引了一般。
tr	I	It was indeed from excrement of some kind and it was the worst smell I 'd ever encountered .
tr	O	Kaylee稍作挣扎想挣脱，但是Trip的抓握没有松开。
tr	O	Logan皱了一下眉，但是他盯着她看。
tr	O	她的手在颤抖，并且她把手紧握成拳，垂在身体两侧，这样就看不见了。
tr	O	他们输掉了这场战斗，并且他们知道这一点。
tr	I	She was taking no tests and Tammy wasn 't signing anything .
tr	O	某种东西窜进了雾中，并且他迅速地朝它移动过去。
tr	I	She knew it , and Pol had come face to face with one of those choices .
tr	O	她的脚趾闪闪发亮，仿佛涂了透明指甲油，但是白色的部分比自然指甲的还要亮。
tr	I	She knew she needed recovery time , but her legs were beginning to get a little strength in them .
tr	I	I started to cry and Pain gripped my heart .
tr	I	The tree is still half under water and I look down again in another minute .
tr	I	It went indeed this time , and it said .
tr	I	He turned to greet the passer-by and a voice in the distance called out Zach 's name .
tr	O	我们都上了帕里的课，并且我们没有见过它。
tr	I	We were merely spectators , and they were alone in their love .
tr	I	Now they are showing remarkable strides and your children were turned because of my pack .
tr	O	她掉了外套，并且她脖子流出的血已经减缓到涓涓细流。
tr	I	Sleep happened and they lay down .
tr	O	他们穿着同样的古老制服，但是他们身上有些奇怪的地方。
tr	I	I groaned , and the fog sliced through the wound in my chest .
tr	O	有人说了些别的话，但是那些话没有被记住。
tr	I	I have to concentrate on not throwing up , and my world is still spinning .
tr	I	She had a very warm presence about her , but Henry had felt a little awkward at first .
tr	I	I instantly knew which activity he would choose and the king looked between us .
tr	I	She let out a short shriek , spinning with her dagger out , and her already keyed up emotions jumped to a higher state .
tr	I	If they did , they didn 't recognize the back of my head , or I hoped it wasn 't any one who knew me .
tr	O	他们的脸被愤怒的蓝色迷雾漩涡所遮蔽，并且无论麦克斯对她喊什么都消失在旋风中。
tr	O	他双眼向前，双手紧握方向盘，开车就好像警车不存在一样。
tr	O	土壤贫瘠，并且野生动物经常破坏他们微薄的庄稼。
tr	O	他们知道如何战斗，天知道他们确实如此，但是他们不知道如何停止。
tr	I	I asked if she had seen a man named Mike that day and the waitress came by to take my order .
tr	O	我无法相信迈克也在想同样的事情，但是他的手摆放的位置和雅各布的一模一样。
tr	I	The reality of that was harsh , but I 'd boldly told Jasmine that I 'd keep the twins if they were girls .
tr	O	不知怎的，她有足够的灵药，并且当她闻自己的头发时，也有面包的味道。
tr	I	She did not refuse him as he nudged her gently forward , but Aria swallowed heavily .
tr	I	Behind her there is a lull between the waves and the wind dies down .
tr	O	他们仍然没有察觉到她的存在，并且她让他们先走，然后才再次前进。
tr	O	他盯着那个盒子，并且他的手收紧，拇指摩擦着抛光的表面。
tr	O	我知道我是在玩火，并且我想知道迈克是否会像他烧伤其他人那样烧伤我。
tr	I	There were no questions from Jake , but the gunslinger thought the boy might begin to question him .
tr	O	凯斯提到了它，因为你可以做到，但是我们根本不知道我们在做什么。
tr	I	She felt his stare on her , but turning her back on Shane , she changed as quickly as she could .
tr	O	她又尖叫起来，并且当我拔出另一把刀时，一名顾客扑向了警卫。
tr	I	Her eyes widened , and she tentatively took a sip .
tr	I	He misses them very much , and it has been a long while .
tr	O	他的眼睛告诉了她一件事，但是他的嘴巴却说了别的事情。
tr	I	He was in no hurry to ease it and it was the sweetest kind of pain he 'd ever known .
tr	O	她环顾四周，心想是谁干的，但是她在小屋里没有看到其他人。
tr	O	我搂住她，并且她瘫倒在我怀里。
tr	O	空气比之前在冷水镇时凉爽，并且一股持续不断的风猛烈地拍打着我的背。
tr	I	Now so are you , and I 'm a vampire .
tr	O	吉普车在房子前停了下来，并且查尔斯那庞大的身躯从里面走了出来。
tr	O	掠夺者的战锤呼啸着划过空气，并且沃德侧身一动，轻易地躲开了它。
tr	O	埃琳娜看到他时感到很惊讶，但是一时间她却想不出为什么。
tr	I	I was happy to answer her , and Abigail was bombarding me with questions .
tr	O	他总是让我为他跳舞，并且我觉得那会是一种有趣的庆祝方式。
tr	I	It didn 't seem to work , but I tried to comfort him .
tr	I	She certainly didn 't feel like comforting him , but Julia didn 't know what to do .
tr	I	The result put their bodies in intimate contact , but she tilted her head back , intending to just look at him .
tr	O	他站在我身后，但是很快他的手就搭在我的手臂上。
tr	O	我平时藏在里面的刀不在它的刀鞘里，但是我在我的浴室柜台上找到了它。
tr	I	I thought he was going to push me away again , and his hands seized my face .
tr	O	不，我不是本地人，并且我知道这在一个小镇上有多重要。
tr	O	我知道她是好意，但是我一点也不在乎。
tr	I	Sam was horrified by it , and that seemed the only plausible explanation .
tr	O	我们偶尔在一起玩得很愉快，但是我们显然过着不同的生活。
tr	O	你靠倾听谋生，并且你有智慧理解我的困境。
tr	O	多利安叹了口气，但是她打断了他。
tr	I	It 's a little forced because I 'm sitting in the truck with a drummer from a band that I know , but I laugh .
tr	I	He chuckled , and I said .
tr	I	Walking around a city alone at night while wearing a short dress isn 't the smartest thing , but I 'm all about girl power .
tr	I	He wasn 't so quick to let it go , but he followed after her .
tr	I	You would never be happy staying in one place , and I love having Amy here .
tr	I	I know there is no way of talking her out of it , but I don 't want her to come .
tr	I	Jon grinned , enjoying himself immensely , and the others followed with him smoothly .
tr	O	有时这看起来不明智，但是凯利却完全信任他。
tr	I	There he was and I looked up at the front table in the room meant for the leaders of this fine establishment .
tr	I	She scuttled off , bubbling excitement the entire way and rhys kissed her cheek .
tr	O	我还没有对他做出评判，但是我确实决定给他一个机会。
tr	O	热气涌上她的脸颊，并且她弯腰去取剑。
tr	I	She told me how happy she was that I found her , and I asked her what she was thinking .
tr	I	It turned into a long , lingering kiss , but it was meant to be a brief one .
tr	I	She didn 't tear up , but Connelly gave her a minute .
tr	O	活出精彩人生是他，也只有他才能提出的主张。
tr	I	There wasn 't a dime to spare and the cafe expansion would take careful planning .
tr	O	她对我拥有如此大的掌控力，而且我甚至从未意识到。
tr	I	His face looked hard as he stared at me with his piercing eyes and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	观众们喜爱他，而且这次不只是青少年。
tr	O	我一生大部分时间都在等待死亡，而且现在我即将死去，却又不想了。
tr	I	He switched automatically to English because that was the language Mitchell had used to speak to her , but he 'd been speaking to Mitchell in Dutch .
tr	I	Through his years as Commander it had worsened , but he had been that way since he 'd known him .
tr	O	你认为我背叛了你，但是我没有。
tr	I	She would have been surprised if he 'd done anything different , but shaking his hand felt a little strange after the evening they 'd just spent .
tr	O	我知道我们现在有足够的食物吃，但是这对我来说已经不够了。
tr	I	This was different but I knew I said I wouldn 't use magic on a human .
tr	I	I was feeling a little paranoid about the whole thing , and I now realised that I did not trust any of them anymore .
tr	O	他没有呼吸，但是他不需要。
tr	I	Elise had said she was grateful for each extra day , and he 'd lingered for several years .
tr	O	它不是特别友好，而且它当然也不是兄弟般的。
tr	I	There was something else I wanted badly to do , but I wanted to leave New York then .
tr	O	他妈妈拍掉了它们很多，但是它们总是回来。
tr	O	她抬起头，并且他的心怦怦直跳。
tr	I	I raced from the room , but he howled like one of his beloved dogs .
tr	O	从上面看，海洋感觉很宏大，但是从下面看，它却是僻静的。
tr	O	亲吻的时刻已经过去了，并且他低下了头。
tr	I	It was what he would do , and he had trained them himself .
tr	O	你的错误可能是可以理解的，但是它仍然是一个错误。
tr	O	她的手在颤抖，但是她把他弄出来了。
tr	O	我躲开了，但是已经太迟了。
tr	O	爸爸想破坏我所有的计划，并且我不明白。
tr	I	I finally willed myself to look up , but I didn 't make eye contact with anyone for several long seconds after I 'd finished .
tr	O	艾斯林说每个人都会在这里，但是我不知道她把谁算在那个说法里？
tr	O	他似乎喜欢踩我的痛脚，而且这变得越来越烦人了。
tr	I	It veered away , wobbling dangerously with red smoke belting out from the gaping hole and the blades cut through the front of the board .
tr	I	Walking home was infinitely better than being locked away , but without transportation back , the men knew the journey could take some time .
tr	O	我偎依在他的身体旁，并且他的手臂环绕着我，把我紧紧地抱在他的身边。
tr	O	这些日子我有很多愿望，但是最重要的是，我希望你在这里。
tr	I	Obviously that included anything that hampered him physically , and Sam Hudson didn 't like weakness of any kind .
tr	I	Wolf breath steamed into the small room and a black snout appeared .
tr	I	A content smile is plastered on his face and his hands are behind his head .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but his eyes pleaded with me to stop fighting him .
tr	O	卡拉试图挣脱，并且他笑了。
tr	O	我说了，并且我的思绪飘向了某个地方，心想与此同时我可能会遭遇什么。
tr	O	噪音可能已经消散了，但是她深陷于与杰克分手的痛苦之中。
tr	I	He remained quiet , but his face flushed red .
tr	I	I 've done all I can , and your crew leader told me to keep Lewis alive after he 'd been ripped to pieces by you lot .
tr	I	Each one was labeled with abbreviated words that made no sense to her and the list of files was staggering .
tr	I	He 's free , but he is tired .
tr	I	The lights were out , and the appliances were off .
tr	I	I feel like minutes pass between each one and it rings three times .
tr	O	这似乎不太可能，但是总有一种可能性，那就是基斯比艾萨克想的更了解萨克拉门托。
tr	O	佩特负责小装置，而霍利负责科学。
tr	I	I 'm going to feed off you , and you 're going to feed off me .
tr	O	达西感到泪水刺痛了他的眼睛，并且他的胃部空了。
tr	O	我们处于新生儿带来的迷茫中，水槽里堆满了盘子，还穿着前一天穿的衣服。
tr	O	另外两名女性跟着安珀的引导，但是阿里谨慎地看着，试图弄清她们在做什么。
tr	I	It was all he could afford just then , but three hours of sleep would not have made any dent in his exhaustion .
tr	O	像他那样的人，只需表现出兴趣，并且女性就会蜂拥到他身边。
tr	O	Cade 离我远远的，并且 Kelsey 仍然很生气，所以我正在驳斥“没有人是孤岛”这句名言。
tr	I	He 'd do it when Mary Jo wasn 't around , but he 'd ask her .
tr	O	Cindy 举起双手，并且男孩们立刻停止了打架。
tr	O	他的愁容加深了，但是他最终点了点头。
tr	O	铰链仍然会工作，并且我可以制作一个隐藏的门闩。
tr	I	He was alone again , and a few minutes later Fallon watched them drive away .
tr	O	一段时间后鲨鱼试图吃掉他，但是他仍然学到了一些有趣的东西。
tr	I	He beheld the heavens and the sky was clear .
tr	O	她今晚本可以杀了他，然而她没有。
tr	O	这几乎是个宜人的春日，是几周来第一个真正的好天气，并且他感到出人意料的乐观。
tr	I	He could tell that it was weaker , but the gravity seemed earth normal at first .
tr	I	Pretend none of this had ever happened and she wanted to curl into a tight ball .
tr	O	他的斗篷被血浸湿了，并且红色的水珠溅满了泥泞的石头。
tr	O	Zane把它们倒了出来，而且Ty那天早上匆忙收拾时没能把它们都找到。
tr	O	我原以为Lucky很聪明，但是现在我不太确定了。
tr	O	吱呀声还在继续，而且听起来像是把我们包围了。
tr	I	Now with our symbiotic relationship with you we 're not sure anymore , but normally around 120 Earth years , that is around 324 planet rotations .
tr	O	本能让他想变身，用一层白毛保护自己，但是他还没有完成。
tr	O	马特奥的手紧紧握住她的手，而且娜迪亚对他勉强挤出一个微笑。
tr	O	我的嘴微微张开，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	I	She doubted that she would be able to hear it , and she could tell instinctively that it was a horrible story .
tr	O	那个男孩是披着羊皮的狼，而且你可以拿我的话作证。
tr	I	She curled around me , and I slid us both underneath .
tr	O	绵羊点缀着草地，而且远处她可以看到河水奔流，河水充盈。
tr	O	空气很凉爽，但是前几天的狂风已经平息了。
tr	O	我一直很粗心，并且现在我将付出代价。
tr	O	我试图喊叫，但是声音被闷住了。
tr	I	I thought he had the point , but the note fell off his chin .
tr	O	他们经过一个长长的、五彩斑斓的酒吧，并且似乎她遇到的每个人都故意撞到她。
tr	I	The others immediately went to ground , blasting away with weapons at empty air , and the explosion was loud .
tr	O	她再次举起双手，仿佛要挡开他，但是火焰没有从她的手掌中燃起。
tr	O	当他找到了回来的路，并且一种想要行动的紧迫感已经产生时，天亮了。
tr	O	我想对他报以微笑，但是我甚至做不到这一点。
tr	O	它影响了我看待世界的方式，并且我不会希望我的孩子们也这样。
tr	O	他笑了，并且我松了口气。
tr	O	格雷厄姆瞄准了步枪，但是老虎将凯勒曼压在他身下，凯勒曼在搏斗中尖叫着。
tr	O	我没想过会再见到那个女人，但是我见到了，一周后的一晚。
tr	O	他把手指放在她看的那一页上，并且那些字在他的脑海中形成，就像之前一样。
tr	I	Once captured beneath it , any prey was completely trapped , and it was one of Artemis 's nets .
tr	I	Douglas quickly held Margo as she nearly collided with the wall , and the lift jolted into life .
tr	O	布拉德丝毫没有停顿，并且他立刻让它上路。
tr	O	罗克穿着白色亚麻裤看起来很迷人，但是他拒绝穿它们，宁愿穿长袍。
tr	O	我本想告诉他，但是随着故事的展开，一切听起来都糟透了。
tr	I	I got to practice and when I was growing up I came here during winter break .
tr	I	She was virtually a nobody , and Andrew was Caroline 's brother .
tr	I	There hadn 't been one , certainly not with Edward but they 'd expected a dreadful scene .
tr	I	A shiver went down my spine and she was cool to the touch .
tr	O	她还没傻到认为所有英俊的男人都是猪猡，但是，在某种程度上，她仍然不信任他。
tr	O	他们岌岌可危，并且一次呼吸就能把他们推下去。
tr	O	辣妹在拉斯维加斯并非什么新鲜事，但是这位独树一帜。
tr	O	杰克逊太太立刻注意到了我的变化，而且她在询问本内特的时候，我一直脸红。
tr	I	Together they left the room and Ruth reached for her purse .
tr	I	In the big times , you want the people you love around you , and it was big-time , baby .
tr	O	米娅今天已经把身上的血迹清理干净了，但是脸上沾满血的感觉依然存在。
tr	I	My stomach was a wreck and my head was pounding .
tr	I	They made her hot in spite of how angry she was at him , and his eyes were dark , dangerous .
tr	I	I couldn 't see them , but I glanced back through the rain to the bank below .
tr	I	She was right , but it was impossible .
tr	O	达雷尔看起来像是被人打得喘不过气来，而且杰米也告诉他了。
tr	O	埃里克可能掌控着一些街道，但是他无法掌控我。
tr	I	She didn 't know it , but it was her first little taste of jealousy .
tr	O	湿润之意停留在她下唇后，并且格雷厄姆将其舔去了。
tr	O	一切看起来都不对劲，而且她为自己对一顿简单的早午餐感到紧张而暗自咒骂。
tr	I	You 're accusing me of killing him and I 've just buried my husband .
tr	O	我们已经把诺亚送到杰克的父母那里了，并且这次我送诺亚的时候没那么紧张。
tr	O	我在上政治学课程，并且他在工程学院。
tr	O	我觉得他们可能有所发现，但是他们没有告诉我。
tr	I	You could still see her expression , but holding a small bouquet of flowers by her side , she turned slightly away from the camera .
tr	I	She didn 't understand his logic , but she didn 't mean to look as if he was speaking another language .
tr	I	I 'm a rag doll being torn apart and it 's like I 've been sucked into a tornado .
tr	I	It was the truth , but he doubted she 'd believe him .
tr	O	他们走上去了，并且两人都面向一个方向。
tr	I	He gave me another cupcake and we beamed at each other .
tr	I	I doubted she 'd tell me no , and I could tell she wanted me .
tr	O	特拉维斯的眼睛眯了起来，并且他的笑声收敛了。
tr	O	这个夏天与她孤独的过去截然不同，并且她直到现在才想起她的房间。
tr	I	She was wearing a jacket that I had just bought and I 'd once saw a picture of her on Facebook .
tr	O	她的心跳得又快又猛，她以为它会因为用力过度而碎裂。
tr	O	在我那个时代，它们会值几百美元，但是在这里我们得弄清楚它们值多少钱。
tr	I	I do know it was regarding a debt my great uncle owed someone , but I 'm not exactly sure what they had dealings about .
tr	I	At times Susannah treated her as if she didn 't have a brain in her head , but she hated to sound so impatient .
tr	O	感到挫败，我低头看着我的腿，并且我最喜欢的瑜伽裤上布满了零星的撕裂，正是我有伤口的地方。
tr	I	Martin began sending a monthly check , but the letter was never published .
tr	O	引擎嗡嗡作响地启动了，并且螺旋桨划过水面时发出轻微的轰鸣声。
tr	O	他不知道这辈子做了什么会如此幸运，但是他打算好好享受。
tr	I	He ripped the stake out of his brother 's grasp , and William 's hand snapped out , faster than a striking snake .
tr	I	I waited for them to notice me standing there , and they were only a few footsteps away from me now .
tr	O	他只是笑了笑，并且就像他的声音一样，他的笑容也带着诱惑。
tr	O	那番话让我哑口无言，但是我恢复了过来。
tr	O	我把手覆在她的手背上，并且轻轻地抬起它们。
tr	O	我的头轻微地眩晕，并且欲望涌上心头。
tr	I	I just couldn 't help myself , but I shouldn 't have been thinking the worst .
tr	I	We ducked back , and another bullet gouged the frame .
tr	O	我以前从未对这个团体讲过话，所以不是很自在，但是我还是解释了我的想法。
tr	O	她想生他的气，但是她自己还是忍不住笑了出来。
tr	O	我咯咯地笑了，这可真不像我，并且山姆笑了，因为他知道这件事。
tr	I	I could not , but when she asked about that , I first tried to manage it with my father .
tr	I	I was no longer as excited about being rescued , and my words tripped out of my mouth .
tr	I	Laughing when it blew my hair into my face , or feeling the wind blow his shaggy hair around his head .
tr	I	You can call me back and if you 'd like , I can give you my extension .
tr	I	He froze , and she swayed closer .
tr	O	我扭过身去，并且他放手了。
tr	O	他僵住了，但是我忽略了他的反应。
tr	I	It 's important to make the fans happy and it 's important to have fans like that .
tr	O	瑞亚的眼睛瞪大了，并且她转向了克洛诺斯。
tr	O	我知道，因为我看到过她的就业记录，但是寒暄就应该从这里开始。
tr	I	Lamont was alone and he was gone .
tr	I	Maybe they could talk some sense into him , and if Henry continued to go this slowly , I 'd have time to help free the others .
tr	I	The doors spread open letting a dozen men fan out and the vehicles parked .
tr	I	That was why she was here and she was done running .
tr	I	I felt nothing , and there was the sound of a laser firing .
tr	I	She groaned and he ground his hips against her .
tr	O	麦克又是一个人了，但是他睡不着。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且我们开始沿着小路走回去。
tr	O	瑞安对夜间的寒意判断没错，但是盖着毯子，劳拉只因靠近这个男人就从内心感到一股暖意。
tr	I	I would have had if we 'd been normal humans and tears flow as I wonder what sort of life Darien .
tr	O	这是一个比较冷的早晨之一，但是至少风没有平时那么大。
tr	I	Usually , he lets me drive when we get to the house , but Steve doesn 't talk much .
tr	O	他迅速为我打开了门，并且我抱住了他的腰。
tr	O	他沉默了一会儿，并且她知道她不会喜欢这个答案，即使她已经预料到了。
tr	I	There was a devious sparkle in hers as she grinned at me , and our eyes met .
tr	O	他们的母亲急忙走到他们身边，但是她一到他们身边就犹豫了，一只手捂住嘴巴，开始作呕。
tr	I	He liked to switch up his type for different moves and Master Boone was a versatile Vito user .
tr	I	She waves them off , but the other girls try to quiet her .
tr	I	That 's okay , but mostly , it was his memory lane .
tr	O	他严肃的脸颊瘦削，线条硬朗，而且其他女性会认为他英俊。
tr	O	离开他的孩子是一场赌博，但是他还能做什么呢？
tr	I	I 'm used to it , but it 's too late for me .
tr	O	他的状况比我好，而且他没有像马奇那样挨打。
tr	O	轻柔的吻落在我的左肩上，让我心头小鹿乱撞，并且我咯咯地笑了，仅仅因为知道他让我感觉有多好。
tr	I	He would always win , but she could continue to fight Blake .
tr	O	那只是一声轻笑，但是我能感觉到墙壁在震动。
tr	O	我的日子时日无多，但是你的才刚刚开始。
tr	I	Cold was creeping into the deserted game room , and the fire had burned down to reluctant embers .
tr	I	Certainly there would be no red flags raised at this kind of money changing hands , and Sheila was not an expert about the company 's expenses .
tr	I	He didn 't even care and now he was really pleading .
tr	O	水珠起初慢慢地打在艾蔻的脸上，但是随着倾盆大雨的开始，它们便加快了速度。
tr	I	In the end Starbucks sighs , but it takes more badgering .
tr	I	He remained stubbornly cautious , but he couldn 't attack until the man was inside .
tr	I	I didn 't kill it , but I think my baby died .
tr	O	当时是凌晨两点，并且她不打算邀请那个举止粗鲁的人进来。
tr	I	She shook her head and Anita 's face bunched up .
tr	O	她用手肘猛击他的腹部，但是他的手丝毫没有松开。
tr	O	这条街非常繁忙，以至于维恩通常会避开它，而且这一天甚至比往常更糟糕。
tr	O	克莱看着肯尼迪的手，但是肯尼迪没有放手。
tr	O	时间流逝，并且我与无聊作斗争。
tr	O	那是一个蹩脚的借口，但是我无能为力。
tr	I	The phone sat in the cradle , but he reached down to dial the numbers , 9-1-1 .
tr	O	他很高，并且一种液态的银色似乎从他脸侧流淌下来。
tr	I	They outnumbered us three to one , but it especially wasn 't like me .
tr	I	His nearness addled her nerves and his scent filled her nostrils .
tr	O	他们来到杰夫实验室的门前，并且艾丽卡用钥匙打开了它。
tr	I	Our arrangement 's over , and the week 's over .
tr	I	Any entertained would have stimulated intoxicated clubbers and this task was simple because the crowd needed to be entertained .
tr	O	她试图把它们甩掉，但是它们却牢牢地粘在她的皮肤上。
tr	I	His mom waved her over to join them and the doctor walked over to Matt 's parents .
tr	I	I slid into the passenger seat , and he opened the door to his shiny new hybrid .
tr	O	在闪烁的霓虹灯下，他的脸是一副冷酷的面具，但是他的眼睛却燃烧着灵能。
tr	O	他戴着耳机，但是他却在看着我们。
tr	O	我无法动弹，并且我无法说话。
tr	O	我不确定泰特告诉了他们什么，但是我有种感觉他们知道布雷特·斯旺的事。
tr	O	没有识别标记，但是她认出了罗格斯大学教授喜欢用于信件上的那个奇怪的红色圆圈。
tr	O	她的声音没有可追溯的口音，然而却有一种独特的精致品质。
tr	I	It proved to be difficult , but he slowly climbed to his feet , trying to orient himself .
tr	I	Me arriving at the airport and Below is a photo of Alex .
tr	I	She didn 't believe her , but Liz tried to tell her that the guy was only interested in her to get to Victoria .
tr	I	Then he noticed Lexi , and he started to say something to his sister .
tr	I	I saw Lil ian smiling from ear to ear , and an arm waving above the crowd caught my attention .
tr	I	Emily knew instantly what it represented but it did not belong to her .
tr	I	Everything seemed like a dream and the whole world had changed .
tr	O	现在他的身体安全地在医疗舱中，并且所发生的一切都在他的脑海中进行。
tr	O	那时我是凡人，并且仍然有些夜晚我被监禁的萦绕记忆所困扰。
tr	I	Now wasn 't it and there was a time for talking .
tr	O	他给我发短信说要吃点东西，而且那甚至不是一次约会，戴蒙。
tr	O	他长长的舌头从嘴里探出来，并且他长满鳞片的吻部变长了。
tr	O	仙子很强壮，比人类还强壮，但是吸血鬼比地球上任何东西都强壮。
tr	O	我是一个好鬼，但是我以前是一个坏人。
tr	I	Thankfully she turns in the opposite direction on the street , and I slouch down so that she won 't see me .
tr	O	所有的谈话都停止了，并且每双眼睛都聚焦在我身上。
tr	O	萨默曾担心怀特夫人可能很危险，然而特雷弗的命运超出了她最坏的预期。
tr	I	Things haven 't always gone my way , but I 've tried to make it better .
tr	I	Losing his lunch was not likely to help Corinne feel any better , and the stench of vomit always made him want to puke .
tr	I	She quickly grew a little bolder , but her tongue was hesitant at first .
tr	I	Sleep failed her but she closed her eyes hoping to get some rest .
tr	O	学生停车场的大部分车辆都已开走，并且我认不出任何仍在徘徊的人。
tr	O	我们不能审问他，除非我们有确凿的证据，并且我们不会有确凿的证据，除非我们审问他。
tr	O	她接受了它，就像她接受了自己一样，然而他却轻松、迅速、毫不犹豫地杀戮了。
tr	O	我们回到了里面，并且我给我们做了食物。
tr	I	You keep distracting me but that 's what I 've been trying to tell you .
tr	I	Everything seems idyllic and Grant 's here .
tr	O	没有任何偏离这段关系的行为，并且看着利亚姆吸走那个黑发女郎嘴上的口红对他来说根本不起作用。
tr	O	我们驾车驶入国会街，并且街区很快就变了样。
tr	I	He glanced over to Gray , but Masterson continued to hobble along .
tr	O	她的头垂了下来，并且她的眼睛闭上了。
tr	I	I gave him a smile I had no idea was dazzling and therefore my grin got bigger .
tr	O	隧道可以被大大利用，但是它们也可能是可怕的陷阱。
tr	I	The two of them looked at me as though I might drop any minute , but I was feeling fine .
tr	O	那里有五百英亩的树林，并且我们一直在帮助当地人梳理它们。
tr	O	他通常保持规律的办公时间，但是他那天早上八点前往车站后就没回家。
tr	O	米兰达也在微笑，但是她有一种空洞的表情，仿佛一阵强风就能把她吹走。
tr	I	It didn 't do any serious damage , but the shuttle itself was assaulted by debris .
tr	I	I immediately started to feel better and she wrapped her hand around my arm .
tr	O	我不确定，但是我有一种感觉，至少有一根肋骨断了。
tr	O	他的小队开始走向门口，但是片刻之间，他被传送到了地狱。
tr	O	我努力不去后悔我做过的很多事情，但是我很后悔吸毒。
tr	I	He was here , but when I was his age , Dad wasn 't much .
tr	I	To Bryn , caffeine was , and she was holding a steaming cup of coffee like it was her religion .
tr	O	很快她就不得不起床了，但是此刻她又蜷缩回她温暖的床上。
tr	O	我没有，并且我正在看着。
tr	O	他是那种即使生气也会咧嘴笑的人，但是现在他咧嘴笑是因为他很自豪。
tr	I	He told me not to wake you but I was about to smack you !
tr	I	I don 't want him to go , but his tongue pulls back from my mouth .
tr	I	He was no longer there , and Mr. Tracey had wandered off .
tr	O	他把枪带系在他的牛仔裤臀部周围，并且马刺带的明显痕迹标志着他靴子的顶部。
tr	I	Most of the other Chinese attendants had not yet perceived , but the translator was standing back from the chairs with an anxious expression .
tr	O	他表现得像个混蛋，但是他受伤了。
tr	O	它们在他身后弯曲了太久，并且血液循环不畅。
tr	I	The trial was held in the Wax Forest near the Calderon Valley , and it was quite a number of years ago .
tr	I	It just was not a practical explanation and it was an emotional attack on me .
tr	O	一根低垂的树枝荡了回来，并且凯莉轻而易举地用手臂抓住了它。
tr	I	I shut the door on her , but Marcie inched forward .
tr	O	杰米蓝色的眼睛变得温柔，并且他对它们咂了咂舌。
tr	O	他摇了摇头，并且丽莎的眼泪加速了。
tr	O	有人对我说了些大概是为我平安感到高兴的话，并且我试探性地笑了笑。
tr	O	他太忙了，而且我在给他添麻烦。
tr	O	新鲜空气吹过她的脸，并且她环顾四周，意识到门开向一条狭窄的小巷。
tr	I	The forceful opening of tavern doors broke his focus yet again , but Timmy contemplated their options .
tr	O	她可能就是碧昂丝的姐妹，而且我穿着我的纸质服装坐在那里，感到很不好意思。
tr	I	His eyes met mine , and it was then that Chad noticed the limp bodies on the ground .
tr	O	那个女人勉强看起来很羞愧，但是凯知道她不能指望从那个方向得到任何帮助。
tr	I	He left it alone , but his eyebrows went up .
tr	O	我看到了她眼中的悲伤，并且我为她感到难过。
tr	O	我不想让她以这种方式发现，但是事情发展到这一步。
tr	O	他摇了摇头，她受伤了却没有人知道这个事实让他感到比应有的更困扰。
tr	I	The icicles hanging from the eaves glittered in the moonlight , and the thatched roof of the cottage was thick with snow .
tr	I	It slammed into the side of a vat and catching sight of it out of the corner of my eye , I sidestepped .
tr	O	她的脸涨红了，并且她的手指颤抖着。
tr	I	I reluctantly decided to ask her why and she pouted her lips .
tr	O	灯光变暗了，并且音乐高涨起来。
tr	I	The professors seem to know , too , and Dad certainly seems to know , though .
tr	I	Their troops are stalled and the Chinese have not responded with nuclear weapons as of yet .
tr	I	I was wrong , but I had thought that any warmth would be appreciated after such cold .
tr	O	椅子使他坐下，并且秋千使他移动。
tr	O	我很饥饿，并且我很暴躁。
tr	I	He didn 't have any warning , but I 'd just figured out who I was going to see .
tr	O	她的头搏动着，并且一切都模糊不清。
tr	I	People knew it and Kimber definitely knew how to throw a party .
tr	O	我知道他想说什么，并且他绝对不能在我朋友面前说出来。
tr	I	I 'm too tired to open my eyes all the way , but I hear a voice .
tr	I	I had no plan and Time was very short .
tr	O	他瞥了我一眼，并且令人惊讶地，他笑了。
tr	I	He was amazingly strong , but I tackled him .
tr	O	我希望我能有更好的方法来做这件事，但是确实没有。
tr	O	有点像混合动力汽车，它有两种操作模式，但是这种模式是为了用火箭飞行。
tr	O	要把它做好需要一些训练，但是我一直在寻找世界的美。
tr	O	我知道我一整天都对艾米态度很差，并且我为此感到后悔。
tr	I	Her words were elegant gibberish to me , but an old woman tried to communicate .
tr	O	你知道当你听音乐的时候，并且CD开始跳音了吗？
tr	I	He just nods , but I wait for Pollux to say hello .
tr	O	刀刃在滑出时摩擦着皮革发出轻响，并且朱莉娅在举起刀时嘴唇微微张开。
tr	I	I can 't lie to myself , but I try not to admit he 's right .
tr	O	文森特已经在回家的路上了，并且我正享受着那辆昂贵跑车的平稳行驶。
tr	I	He started to take deep , heaving breaths , and then he began swaying , his eyelids drooping .
tr	O	几分钟过去了，并且我听到了后门的声音。
tr	I	Something being dragged across the other side of the campsite , or I heard scratching .
tr	I	Amira did not say anything , but she waited a handful of heartbeats .
tr	I	Both of us parted , smiling and he then brushed my lips quickly with his own .
tr	I	Malcolm eagerly chased , and the male staggered backward .
tr	O	达延，像他所有的同类一样，异常强壮，并且两个身体的死重对他来说不算什么。
tr	I	The desk clerk still stared as I entered the building , but I tried my best to keep her covered by her dress .
tr	I	She 'd gotten her wish , but she couldn 't know it .
tr	I	A handful joined us , including Rivers , but several of the guards lingered , staying off the property .
tr	I	Her chin trembled and her eyes burned .
tr	O	它就在那时发生了，并且莱利的眼睛猛地睁开了。
tr	O	联盟发了言，但是他们从不倾听！
tr	I	I understood him only too well , and although he was speaking to Aunt Glenda it was meant for me .
tr	O	她声音中的柔和很甜美，并且她有一种温柔的气质。
tr	I	Her legs felt wobbly , but she took a step .
tr	O	她猜到了，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	Sydney chuckled as we entered , and one of the restaurants I remembered was still in business .
tr	I	He was lightly stroking it with his fingertips and my right arm was across Jackson 's chest .
tr	I	Alarms sounded and lights flashed .
tr	I	She rose from the bed and the woman 's smile broadened .
tr	I	He paused when I gasped as his fingers brushed against my bare flesh and he ran his hands up my skirt , looking for underwear to discard .
tr	I	She wasn 't about to tell Lori , and she wasn 't supposed to tell anyone .
tr	O	没有音频解说，但是文本已嵌入视频中，像字幕一样。
tr	I	These things do happen but I wasn 't so sure .
tr	I	His hand found its way inside her shorts and she asked on a groan as he nipped at her nipple .
tr	O	我把它又咽了回去，并且它变成了紧张的兴奋。
tr	I	That was a first , and she didn 't glare .
tr	O	他不喜欢事情的发展方向，但是他必须查明整个故事。
tr	I	Her jaw trembled , but her eyes were cold .
tr	O	他们都在这个退休社区拥有自己的房子，并且他们的年龄从七十多岁到八十多岁不等。
tr	I	I fought for a breath and my chest tightened .
tr	O	我的头在眩晕，并且我的心在怦怦直跳。
tr	I	Eris saw that it was a feminine face and it pushed forward .
tr	I	Now he was coming back with this story , and he hadn 't been their leader for months .
tr	I	I was a part of the team and Man was hunting aliens .
tr	O	他的口才很厉害，那应该是非法的，并且在某些州可能确实如此。
tr	O	我试图转身，但是我被冻结在原地。
tr	I	That was where he would make his escape , and that was the answer -- that was where they were headed .
tr	O	它不完美，但是它是圆的。
tr	O	她立刻从他的眼神中看出答案是很基本的东西，但是酿酒是她知之甚少的事情。
tr	O	他们都在短时间后返回了，并且我们安顿下来过夜，筋疲力尽。
tr	O	Tessa的房子少了几扇百叶窗，并且墙板看起来很旧。
tr	O	她乔装得很好，但是卡梅伦无论如何都会认出那双灰色的眼睛。
tr	O	这让她变得强大，并且这让她比其他盗贼更具优势。
tr	I	Droplets fell to the cave floor from hanging stalactites and they mated as pond water splashed against rock walls .
tr	O	两个男人走了出去，并且斯图尔特打了个寒颤。
tr	I	He 'd never admit it , but I think he was blushing .
tr	O	那些手臂收紧了，并且他把脸埋在她的脖子里。
tr	O	她退回到厨房，并且好奇的小狗跟着她。
tr	O	我曾设想过我们可以从这里进入其他维度，但是现在不是检验我理论的时候。
tr	I	They never complained , but I 'm afraid I took advantage of them .
tr	I	I cannot for the life of me place where I have seen this name before and this name is familiar .
tr	I	He looked like he was considering what to say , and Zane was scrutinizing him .
tr	O	一个让她想起她的出生，想起赋予她生命的女人，以及她被赋予的名字的地方。
tr	O	村民突然伸出手，并且根据他染红的牙齿，他一直在吸吮他撕裂的手指。
tr	I	No one is really paying attention to it but there is a football game playing in the background .
tr	I	That one taste wasn 't enough , and he 'd had one taste .
tr	I	The space was empty , but David 's office door was ajar .
tr	I	The people behind me were screaming at me that the light was green and horns blared at me .
tr	I	He was pretty sure Andrew understood that too , and Neil knew one of them would have to break for them to get along .
tr	O	我身体前倾，并且我的安全带锁住了。
tr	I	As long as she did not suffer from hay fever , it was the ideal spot and the shading trees would stop her from burning .
tr	O	他跟她走了，并且我开始打开柜子。
tr	O	我知道米娅不喜欢我，但是我会让她喜欢我。
tr	I	We work very hard and we keep low profiles .
tr	O	她抬头看我表示感谢，并且我被一种我陌生的情绪所淹没。
tr	I	He thought Alex deserved that promotion but he didn 't want to let on to Karrie .
tr	I	Alanna nodded , and Thomas looked for reassurance that they were in the right place .
tr	I	Their irritation was just under the surface , and they had not come to town to spend time with Stick .
tr	O	逝去的每一秒都仿佛永恒，并且恐慌开始淹没我所有的理性思考。
tr	I	It 's empty now , but I have a canteen in my pack .
tr	I	Her hair tangled my wrist , but Nancy 's shoulder slipped from my grasp .
tr	I	Jason habitually dabbed her forehead with his vest , and her chestnut hair remained as soaked near the roots it had been underwater .
tr	I	It made him sigh of relief and he stopped to think about it .
tr	I	If she only obtained that , this line was worth it , in their minds , and getting an autograph from Mac was something special , anyway .
tr	I	She knew that would not go far and she had barely a fiver on her .
tr	I	She couldn 't hear him , but he appeared to be speaking .
tr	O	我们走回车旁，并且乌云开始密布。
tr	O	她能闻到他的气味，并且他闻起来很不错。
tr	I	You looked so happy together and I could see that your girlfriend was sitting next to you .
tr	O	我抱着他，以为他可能会再次猛地醒来，但是他的瞌睡加深成真正的睡眠了。
tr	I	I play the part to perfection : badass , loyal , ready for a fight , and my image has kept me alive .
tr	O	我轻轻敲了敲玻璃，但是她还是吓了一跳才转过身。
tr	I	She clung to the wall looking away and her face turned to stone .
tr	I	I tricked you into killing my mother , and I also planned for you to burn my house down .
tr	O	他讨厌使用自己的MIL，但是现在的问题是速度。
tr	O	每当他试着转动门把手，他父亲的眼睛就会出现在窗户上，并且他示意肯特离开。
tr	I	It went to voice mail but I tried to call you .
tr	O	这个想法几乎诱人得让人想去尝试一下，但是躺在韦德身上舒展的诱惑更大。
tr	I	Min cried out , backing away , and something impossibly bright formed in the air before him .
tr	I	I stood there for a moment , composing myself , and Sam disappeared to attend to other customers .
tr	I	I snapped my head up , and someone came close to me .
tr	I	I knew he was crying , and his chest heaved once now .
tr	O	他们把他像一群玩球的孩子一样传来传去，并且他们的游戏中容不下另一个玩家。
tr	I	No one seems to mind and I 've been murdering minutes for hours .
tr	O	剧痛窜上我的手臂，并且我甩了甩手。
tr	I	I had started to sleep well for the first time in ages and Kennan was able to pull me out of all of my dreams .
tr	O	我不知道一袋旧分叉发尾对他们有什么用，但是他剪我头发时我一动不动。
tr	O	他站在门口，金色卷发又长又湿漉漉地滴着，小羊毛束腰外衣紧贴在他皮肤上。
tr	I	They pretend not to realize , or some of them do not realize I know this .
tr	I	She was not flying alone , but Karou was flying , sure .
tr	I	His breath teases my lips like fingers , and he doesn 't back away , though .
tr	O	一种奇怪的震颤传遍了她的全身，随着雪融化，草地出现了。
tr	O	丝绸袖子卷到他的手肘，并且他的双手沾满了鲜血。
tr	O	其他人足够友善，但是没人拥有玛兰狡黠的智慧。
tr	O	杰夫的思绪崩溃了，就像一块超载的硬盘会崩溃一样，并且像它的电脑对应物一样，他的身体僵住了。
tr	O	她的声音如此轻柔，然而它却让我惊出一身冷汗。
tr	O	我从没想过他在宫墙外会有朋友，但是显然我对他知之甚少。
tr	O	她可以编造一个谎言，或者她可以向安吉求助。
tr	I	The yard cooled with the nearing night and she asked when the crickets began to sing .
tr	O	他什么也没看见，但是酋长有不同的视角。
tr	O	至少在最初的几个世纪里，群山供养着他们，但是现在他怀疑泽维尔不知怎的设法改变了这一点。
tr	O	我很惊讶我还能站着，但是我无论如何需要把它甩掉。
tr	I	My folks were socializing and the crickets were at full chirp .
tr	O	她正试图对他说些什么，但是他听不到她的声音。
tr	I	One side of her lips tipped up , and her all-white eyes centered on me .
tr	O	他有很多事情要做，但是我想请你耐心等待，所以他可以再问你一些问题。
tr	I	Simone smiled wryly , but there was nothing else , not even a signature .
tr	O	邦妮感觉到她手臂上和脖子后面的细毛都竖起来了。
tr	I	Lifting me up , she tossed me across the room , and I hissed as Loria flashed over to me .
tr	O	克里德的双手紧握成拳，但是他没有从卡尔的沙发上挪动。
tr	I	I did it again before he could cover up but he grabbed for his crotch .
tr	O	它沾着黏稠的红色下来了，但是我找不到伤口。
tr	O	我试着拨打他的手机，但是电话直接转到语音信箱了。
tr	O	那种可怕的冲动会消失，并且他又能思考了。
tr	O	我本可以再哭一次，但是那一刻我似乎已经没有眼泪了。
tr	O	当时才刚到午饭时间，而且阿比盖尔就已经恨上吉迪恩了。
tr	O	布罗迪身上还有一把枪，并且它塞在他的牛仔裤腰带里。
tr	I	He 'll help in any way he can and he said he 's excited to meet Diana .
tr	I	The spell returned and his face stared fixedly into the darker room until his eyes had adjusted .
tr	I	Instead her expression looked brittle , but she tried to look welcoming .
tr	O	那个夜晚艾丹比以往任何时候都更紧地抱着莉亚，但是她的温暖仍然没有带来任何慰藉。
tr	O	那些动作仍然和以前一样，但是他表演中的某些东西已经改变了。
tr	I	It was all silent as if the sound didn 't matter , but she smiled at a customer .
tr	O	铁链在我手中像火一样，并且我尽全力挥舞着它。
tr	O	她的右脚踝扭伤了，并且她倒在了他身上。
tr	O	我将目光转向他旁边的男人，并且我的眼睛与熟悉的目光相遇了。
tr	O	他不知道自己做了什么，但是他突然站了起来。
tr	I	Folks who had not seen each other in a while got caught up on events , and people shared food they had brought along .
tr	O	他点了点头，并且我们留下查克独自清理地上的烂摊子。
tr	O	他们不太清楚歌词，但是那使得它更加有趣。
tr	O	我不知道我有多喜欢他，但是我确实被他吸引了。
tr	O	电话线继续像一道鲜红的信标一样闪烁着，并且保罗仍然无法让自己伸出手去拿听筒。
tr	O	他走出房间，并且我走向浴室。
tr	I	I don 't expect you to remember much of it , and I know we 've flooded you with information at the moment .
tr	I	He 'd never called her before , but they spoke at the office whenever they passed each other .
tr	I	I am , kind of , and I yawn , pretending to be exhausted .
tr	I	She studied him for it , and it wasn 't a gesture he did often .
tr	O	他的声音一如既往地没有情感，但是他的眼睛里有些不同。
tr	I	I told her not to tell my mom and I was there for her .
tr	I	You were lost to me and I searched for centuries for you .
tr	O	也许我有点疯了，总是让自己受凉，但是那不意味着我不喜欢取暖。
tr	O	她不记得做过那件事，但是她肯定做过。
tr	O	他对我说笑了笑，并且我也试着回以微笑。
tr	O	你在树林里帮助了我，并且我现在想帮你。
tr	I	His powerful left hand brought my body against his , and I gasped .
tr	I	He thundered and I shouted .
tr	I	The programming of the human brain extended over many decades , and the human brain far exceeded that complexity .
tr	O	他不喜欢许下那个承诺，并且他也不太喜欢那次性爱。
tr	I	No other sound followed , but she paused to listen .
tr	I	She admitted to herself she was terribly tired , and the strength had gone out of her voice .
tr	O	我猛地转身，并且戴维斯正死死地盯着我。
tr	O	克里斯正要开口，但是道格举起手制止了他。
tr	O	他能看出她有多么不确定，但是这只让他更加坚定地要克服它。
tr	O	她试图笑，但是笑声却完全不对劲。
tr	I	He watched her as she slowly moved away , and something in the way she moved struck him .
tr	O	他的肩膀弓着，并且头低垂着。
tr	O	我把她拉到我腿上的画面在我脑海中闪现，并且我不得不闭上眼睛。
tr	O	有时候走路很困难，但是其他时候我处理得很好。
tr	O	我们到了那里，并且大家开始脱衣服。
tr	O	他午餐花的钱比她买颜料花的还多，但是她仍然不习惯他付钱。
tr	I	Her hands were still loaded with her groceries but she would have pointed at the door .
tr	I	The last crucial preparations are made and now we have about an hour before the battle begins .
tr	I	A flush of pink swept over her cheeks , and her breathing sped .
tr	O	她迅速转过身，并且那种拉扯感消失了。
tr	I	A deep frown crossed his face , and he glanced away .
tr	I	I dabbed my cheeks , flinching , and Noelle handed me a rough napkin .
tr	I	Frankly , neither could I and she could barely stay awake .
tr	O	它击中了她的侧面，并且达格玛迅速将火把砸向了她。
tr	O	听到他的话，赛琳的眉毛扬了起来，并且她带着一丝兴奋的神色抬头看着他。
tr	I	He could not feel the cold through the emotions swamping him , but it was chilly for November .
tr	I	That 's forward , and there is only one way out .
tr	I	None of the cups were really moving because no one was in there to spin them but the ride was spinning around .
tr	I	She 'd failed to recognize what he was doing and they 'd had this ongoing conversation about romantic heroes .
tr	O	你是我的孙子，而且是我唯一剩下的家人。
tr	I	It cost a thousand pounds but it was gorgeous .
tr	O	她不知道他打算去哪个方向，但是瓦莱丽对此有她自己的一些想法。
tr	O	我一直以为它味道不错，但是现在我意识到它只是我本该喝的东西的苍白模仿品。
tr	I	It was in evidence now , and when he was uncertain about something , his Southern accent always made an appearance .
tr	I	She waved them on , but a few concerned neighbors stopped to offer a ride .
tr	I	She noted the exact moment when he recalled his statement , and awareness dawned in his expression .
tr	O	她的表情很焦虑，并且她紧紧抓住了女孩的胳膊。
tr	O	哭泣声渐渐安静下来，但是我没有听到任何回应。
tr	I	He averted his eyes , but I glared at him .
tr	O	他认为她是森林里最美丽的少女，并且他的心属于她。
tr	O	门飞开了，并且西蒙映入眼帘。
tr	O	她的大眼睛变得坚硬，并且她从我身边抽身离开。
tr	I	We could go back to being a class and score one for the visiting prof. The tension left the room -- at least most of it -- .
tr	O	他们邀请我们与他们共进晚餐，并且艾米给人留下了深刻印象。
tr	O	队伍很长，但是丹尼觉得他别无选择。
tr	I	It had worked like a charm , and it was a damn good idea .
tr	I	Now he shouted into the jagged stone walls and he repeated the word until his vocal cords decided to function again .
tr	O	我开始皱眉，并且我转向窗户。
tr	I	She wouldn 't let her heart go so easily , but she might be sharing his bed .
tr	I	I cannot live without blood and I 've fed from her many times , because I am Breed .
tr	I	I am almost certain Johanna Reyes hates me , but she would deny it if I asked her .
tr	I	The clouds hadn 't disappeared and I could see the sky .
tr	I	It would save him from having to walk around the building again , and it was already broken anyways .
tr	O	我很生气，但是我并不笨。
tr	O	他再次挥动斧头，但是那个女人跳了起来，她的脚撞在他的胸口。
tr	O	她一开始也像看外星人一样看着我，但是现在我相当确定她喜欢我。
tr	I	At least she didn 't appear angry , and Elizabeth 's hands were planted on her hips .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she knew that some of the other kids made fun of her for having an invisible friend .
tr	I	Then recognized the shape in the sand , and he squinted , moving closer .
tr	O	太阳几个小时前就落山了，但是我们俩一整天都没怎么说话。
tr	O	这是一个非常重要的职位，并且我宁愿让一个朋友来担任，而不是一个陌生人。
tr	O	我真的不知道我们做了什么才配得上这份好运，但是我并没有抱怨。
tr	I	I pressed forward , our chests touching , and the edge of the quilt slipped a little .
tr	O	这不如看她脱衣服那么有趣，但是它仍然是令人愉快的。
tr	I	I was a grown woman , and he was an old , pathetic man .
tr	I	Some had planted themselves where they were , determined to fight , and some Shadowhunters had scattered .
tr	O	很多年来他都这样做，并且他从未注意到他的听力下降。
tr	I	He won 't let go , but freaking out , I swing him around .
tr	I	I have no reason to do that , but I 'm not sure why you think I 'd play that kind of game with you .
tr	I	He catches the bottle before it hits the floor and Kayden 's arm dashes forward .
tr	O	我们听到了远处的喊声，但是戴斯让我继续前进。
tr	O	人们看着他，并且他们交出了所有的一切。
tr	O	他甚至没有否认他们曾是恋人，并且一年也并非像他所说的那样久远。
tr	O	我捕捉到他的表情，并且它已经变得严肃起来。
tr	O	敲门声响起，而且我起身去应门时感到一阵如释重负。
tr	I	His other arm wrapped around my waist , and he grabbed my wrist at his face .
tr	I	It might help exorcise her demons , but childish , she knew .
tr	O	我天真地说着，试图把手抽回来，但是他抓得太紧了。
tr	O	我脸上挂着泪水，而且我甚至不在乎她是否看到它们。
tr	O	艾布向前走了一步想绕过她，但是她举起双手拦住了他。
tr	O	我轻触着它，并且我们带着温暖的笑容触碰彼此发间的花朵。
tr	O	别克车熄火了，并且第二个人从驾驶座一侧出现。
tr	O	他是一个黑人侏儒，并且他在这里当工程师已经多年了。
tr	O	他只想要快乐，而且当他与她在一起时，他确实很快乐。
tr	I	Astonishingly , she tilted her head back to flash him a mysterious smile , but she tensed at his touch .
tr	I	His mood became as unpleasant as Silk 's , and he brooded about that as they rode eastward along the rocky coast .
tr	O	男孩正靠在一辆停着的车的后备箱上，当他们走近时，他立刻认出了他们俩。
tr	I	It was something that I cherished about her and she was so innocent .
tr	O	再次和他赤身裸体、大汗淋漓？
tr	O	他不是指他的房子，而且我知道。
tr	O	他身在新法兰西，而且他还在等待。
tr	O	背景是模糊的，但是从颜色来看，伊森猜想那张照片是在社区花园里拍的。
tr	I	Her car steered its way there easily , and the address seemed familiar for some reason .
tr	I	Then , sharing her world with him seemed to please her , but he didn 't know why she wanted to teach him to drive .
tr	I	The sand in his mouth threatened to choke him , but Neil tried to say something to the owner of the legs .
tr	I	A long , slender sword hung at her side , and sleek black boots rose almost to her knees .
tr	I	She worried about her inexperience , and she wanted to please him .
tr	I	I said it loud and I knew what I should say .
tr	O	他们的家几乎正好在镇子的西边，但是他们前往了北门。
tr	I	For now she had next to no money , but she would be paid well by Ms. Beaumont .
tr	I	It is potent , but it isn 't flashy .
tr	I	Then walked as quietly as I could to the end of the aisle , turning toward the noise , and I took a breath .
tr	O	我承认这一点，而且不，我不是。
tr	O	我之前同意你，因为你想和我们的母亲一起策划婚礼，但是这不再只关乎你。
tr	O	答案在他的脑海深处呐喊，但是他拒绝听。
tr	I	I managed to squirrel him out while the bar were heaving without anyone noticing him gone , but he took a few punches .
tr	I	She gave a nod and Gavin caught her eye .
tr	O	我多少理解了她所说的一切，但是我明白我错过了其中任何一点为何重要的原因。
tr	O	我想保持忙碌，并且训练是欧文先生最可能接受的让我离开办公室的理由。
tr	O	汉娜冲着车尖叫，并且作为回应它启动了。
tr	I	Soon I would fall apart , and the pressure was building .
tr	O	走了几步后，我的手碰到了松动的地板，并且它嘎吱作响地夹住了我的手掌。
tr	I	As I came closer , I realized it was Tyler , and the boy looked familiar .
tr	I	They started on the grim task of placing the skulls of the victims facing east in the house of the bones , and the sun was up .
tr	I	Three snipers were shooting into the crowd and there was chaos in the ballroom .
tr	O	那些呼吸不起作用，并且我做出了反应。
tr	O	我恋爱了，或者我以为我恋爱了。
tr	I	We can take them out at around the same time you go in , and the trucks certainly won 't leave before nightfall .
tr	I	This was way out of my depth , but I wished I could be more active .
tr	I	A soft breeze whispered across the back of her neck , and the scent of yellow mustard tickled Emma 's nose .
tr	I	It didn 't reach his eyes , but he gave a half smile .
tr	I	She was a mystery at the moment but normally he could read her pretty easily .
tr	O	她随意地寻找警长，但是他不在那里。
tr	O	杰克发现自己想安慰她，但是他自己的悲伤几乎难以忍受。
tr	O	每个人都为她感到心碎，但是没有人知道该说什么。
tr	I	A woman had died and when she 'd failed .
tr	I	I wondered if mine had the same effect on him , and the green of his eyes was as lovely as usual .
tr	I	It appears that someone also skimmed part of the shipment and somebody on our end tipped off the DEA .
tr	O	伊桑急切地需要他没有得到的睡眠，并且他需要一整壶咖啡因才能撑到中午。
tr	O	我抬头看着他，但是我所看到的只是我的倒影。
tr	I	Each one made a grin spread a little wider across my face , and I spotted signs for al those treats .
tr	I	Now his gaze jerked sharply back to her , but he had been staring off into the jungle .
tr	I	I can tell when someone 's high , but you might think I 'm an idiot .
tr	O	他的复仇计划需要保密，并且我们满足了他。
tr	I	I had to try , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	她有许多名字，但是她的罪孽依旧。
tr	O	他听出自己声音中的冰冷，但是这是一项冷酷的生意。
tr	O	他们每个星期六都下棋，并且马丁经常在花园里和牧师一起工作。
tr	O	我很想把它们俩都扔掉，但是我打开了我叔叔寄来的那个。
tr	O	科尔特把我母亲接到肯塔基州，并且她和我住了两周。
tr	I	His tiny tongue licks out to explore the taste , and he attaches just below the protein slick on my sternum .
tr	O	我们的呼吸变得平稳，并且他抬起了头。
tr	O	晚上第一个冲我来的，并且它让我心头一颤。
tr	O	他们回来后伊丽莎白吃了沙拉，并且他们就坐下来等待。
tr	O	约瑟夫，当然是所有人应该害怕的人，但是他看起来就像个技术员。
tr	I	The whole room became a chaotic scramble and suddenly shots sounded .
tr	I	She had only allowed it because she was her roommate , and Michelle had been the first person to call her that .
tr	O	据我所知，她和斯凯从未去度假。
tr	I	I was running out of time , and something in me was going to explode .
tr	O	我把它高高举起，并且 呐喊声越来越响亮。
tr	O	你松开一个苹果，并且 它就会掉下来。
tr	I	The best is yet to come , and being at Taft has been an awesome experience .
tr	O	它的一部分建在每个较小的房间里，但是 主要部分在主房间里。
tr	O	莉亚不停地出拳，但是 似乎都没有奏效。
tr	O	这些绝对是我见过最聪明的，而且 这简直令人毛骨悚然。
tr	O	我的双腿突然失去所有力气，并且 我发现自己靠在萨利身上寻求支撑。
tr	O	他沿着来时的林木线往回扫视，但是 他没有看到卡车灯。
tr	I	For now , she could at least clean up the mess in the kitchen , but she didn 't know how she 'd ever repair that damage .
tr	O	她的解决方案很幼稚，但是 她的情感很炽热。
tr	I	Joshua hands trailed across her breasts , and her bra fell to the floor .
tr	O	他们向其他人招手，并且很快整个团队都已离开洞口。
tr	O	你从未说过你是，但是你却这样想。
tr	O	盐沫形成了，然后消散了，但是水流保持不变。
tr	I	As he turned , an arrow pierced his left shoulder , and he heard a swooping sound behind him .
tr	I	The shower curtain was printed with bug-eyed fish , maniacal octopi , and the dispenser was full of orange soap .
tr	O	她的心因那个想法漏跳了一拍，并且她不确定那意味着什么。
tr	O	那个声音说了些别的，但是风把它淹没了。
tr	O	他能感觉到他的脖子紧绷，心脏在他的胸腔里跳动。
tr	I	He was bouncing , and it was Brand .
tr	I	Sam breathed a sigh of relief , and the door opened .
tr	I	Her body went rigid in my arms before it began to shake underneath me , and Della cried out .
tr	O	我从十九岁起就和他的族群在一起了，并且我从未挑战过他。
tr	O	她的脸上闪过一丝恐惧，并且她向后退了一步，远离了他。
tr	O	他绕着桌子走，并且我转身面向新的方向。
tr	O	我不知道如何使用这些火焰爆发，但是我必须学习。
tr	I	I don 't see Lacey right away , but I try to relax into it .
tr	O	斯宾塞的鼻子发痒，并且她觉得她闻到了附近某个地方有香烟在闷烧。
tr	I	We loved each other desperately and of course we became a couple .
tr	I	Still she did not really know what he wanted from her , and she had come face-to-face with him , the man they sought .
tr	I	With the adrenaline hangover ensuing , I felt nauseated , and I 'd had a long day .
tr	I	I just wanted to sleep and my head was pounding .
tr	O	我的眼睛睁大，并且我的胸口冻住了。
tr	O	看着我母亲的瘀伤，并且对此做些什么。
tr	O	他知道他一直在寻找挑战，但是他很确定这不涉及玩弄政治。
tr	O	剧中另一个角色最初没有名字，并且在剧本的最终文本中他的名字从未被提及。
tr	O	电梯开了，并且他走了进去。
tr	I	Nobody wanted to continue along that particular line of questioning , and her tone left no room for argument .
tr	O	我的胸口一紧，而且我摇了摇头。
tr	I	His goal was a lingering death but Emily thinks Rand killed his mom for his inheritance .
tr	I	It 's perfectly natural , but it might scare you .
tr	I	It wasn 't worth the effort , but Buddy looked over the side of the cart .
tr	O	麦克斯猛地抬起头，而且他又狠狠地瞪了她一眼。
tr	I	It opened whole new vistas to me , and his rueful admission made my morning complete .
tr	O	安迪把他举了起来，他眼中闪烁着父亲般的骄傲目光，但是她刻意不回头看。
tr	O	我看到她的夹克上有血，湿透了，并且染脏了她的迷彩裤，一直到她的左腿上部。
tr	O	我的嘴巴张开了，但是没有发出声音。
tr	I	These men were mercenaries , but she didn 't recognize their uniforms .
tr	I	She was finally going to make her big escape and she was so grateful that the cab was here .
tr	I	I see her pull her lip between her teeth to gnaw it anxiously and she glances away .
tr	I	Resolutely , she fought them down , but nerves rattled through her again .
tr	O	他倒吸了一口气，但是我没有转身去看原因。
tr	I	When he pressed her , she adamantly claimed she was doing well , and Hannah had chatted politely , trying not to be impatient .
tr	I	He listened for a while as two men argued and loud voices carried across the empty space .
tr	O	那是一项艰巨的工作，并且我很高兴我没有参与其中。
tr	I	I scooted closer to her and she backed away from me .
tr	I	His ears felt plugged , and the room looked cloudy .
tr	I	I was working my way up as one of the managers and we were very profitable .
tr	O	一名警卫在我右边十五米处站着，并且另外三名在我的左边二十米处。
tr	O	她前几天和她父亲一起来过卡米尔阿姨家，并且她看起来是个很好的女孩。
tr	I	A dark bruise showed and his shirt had torn .
tr	O	这是世界的权力中心，并且丹娜能感觉到空气中的电流。
tr	I	Once they ID them , they never forget , and they 'll kill them without a second thought .
tr	O	他朝门把手射击了几次，并且门就荡开了。
tr	O	它们不是从烟囱里出来的，然而那里唯一的只有房子。
tr	I	He fell , and it was a direct hit to the chest .
tr	O	我是他的，并且他是我的。
tr	O	书掉到了长凳上，并且她跳着下去见他。
tr	I	Amanda wasn 't finished , but lars started to speak .
tr	O	他对伊万一无所知，但是他觉得那个人可能不该那样死去。
tr	I	Thereafter , no present could ever live up to it , and it was the first birthday present I had ever got .
tr	I	Maybe they would open and I could leave them there next to her stone .
tr	I	Tidy while still sexy and his hair is styled in a way that looks neat .
tr	O	我问了其他流浪汉关于他的事，并且他们说我在说一个鬼魂。
tr	I	I focused on maintaining an even breath , and my heartbeat suddenly shifted into triple time .
tr	O	我一直盯着他，但是如果他有理论的话，他秘而不宣。
tr	O	我的腿上有一股来自小手的轻柔压力，并且我被猛地拉回意识。
tr	O	他越过科尔和我看向一个走近的身影。
tr	I	He was well off , but he wasn 't rich .
tr	O	乔治察觉到了来自托马斯的敌意暗流，并且他决定保持沉默。
tr	I	Then I should have no memories of it , but maybe it had happened in a parallel world .
tr	I	Together they explored the passion that they 'd both tried so long to deny and she met his moves with her own .
tr	I	We always have fun during practice and she 's really a wonderful person .
tr	O	被子紧紧地盖在床上，并且一百个微型枕头整齐地排列成行。
tr	O	她猛地抬起头，并且她的目光与他的相遇。
tr	I	Every effort has been put in place by local enforcement division to find the child has soon as possible and the child is presumed lost .
tr	I	I think he might , but I don 't know if Luke understands Kayden 's full meaning .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure Vivian would cooperate , but he knew what he wanted to do .
tr	I	Mr Aoki beamed , and ' Delicious , ' he said .
tr	I	He could hear her hiss and he 'd seen the wraith .
tr	I	As we circled the island my mind wandered , and there is something refreshing about riding with the wind in your face .
tr	I	They may struggle and they may face trouble .
tr	I	I did what I thought was right , but I understand that he 's feeling betrayed .
tr	I	He stopped and his toes touched something .
tr	O	他的脸上绽开笑容，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	I	I could see the anguish in his expression , and he stopped then , struggling to find the right words .
tr	I	The smile on my face fades with the sound of one voice , but I lace my hand with hers .
tr	I	That just made it easier for him to slide his hand in , but I tried to shift away a tiny bit .
tr	O	她的笑容消散了，并且她用她充满活力的碧绿色眼睛专注地看着我。
tr	O	我挥了挥手，并且梅尔注意到了。
tr	I	She would need to cover him to get him into the truck , but the windows in the camper were already blackened .
tr	I	The whole rare steak thing grossed me out big time , but I tried not to look , to make it obvious .
tr	O	你没有埋葬，并且你也没有帮忙。
tr	I	The food didn 't seem to be stopping , but David was feeling full by the third course .
tr	O	声音轰鸣，并且我们都吓了一跳。
tr	I	Clearly she didn 't because she took a step back in fear , but I hurried a glance to see if Hecate saw him as I did .
tr	I	He had spent the time daydreaming and there was actually little to do .
tr	I	She seemed to be in charge , but Steven grumbled to Penelope about it being against the rules .
tr	I	We don 't have the money but we know they need the money !
tr	O	凭借我们充足的武器，我们总能击退他们，但是他们却不断地冲过来。
tr	I	I really didn 't have a logical argument , but this didn 't make me feel much better .
tr	I	She has had a long day and we are just getting to know Angelina .
tr	I	She continued to think pretty loudly for the rest of the afternoon , but it might have been all she was saying .
tr	O	我们甚至都还没开始，并且她就已经拥有了我所有的感官。
tr	I	There was no time for socializing and everyone was working long hours .
tr	I	The doors opened and the lift arrived .
tr	O	布莱带头，并且我们默默地跟着他。
tr	I	Neither was ruling out the possibility , but they were not yet in love .
tr	I	Alcide inquired after Jason , and I inquired after his dad while the server was puttering around .
tr	O	克朗奇医生抓住了灭火器，但是刺猬们冲了过来，把她撞倒在地。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but many were staring at me .
tr	I	I was a bartender and I 'd met her in Dallas at a restaurant where she was a waitress .
tr	I	I laugh softly anyway , but I try to be sexy .
tr	O	他知道轮到他了，并且我能感觉到他如释重负，当他脑中又浮现出另一个问题时。
tr	O	她拿走了，并且他扶她站起来。
tr	I	The sound seemed to break his spell , and I snapped the phone shut .
tr	I	It looked like all of Jersey was burning , just like parts of New York , but they didn 't say .
tr	O	吉姆有风流成性的名声，并且他不太能接受被拒绝。
tr	O	她原以为他会像他们母亲那样因为她离开而怨恨她，但是她感觉到他很高兴她逃脱了。
tr	I	The Plant operators still wore respirators , and they were recycling their own air !
tr	O	天花板是正常高度，并且房间里摆满了十几台正在工作的电脑，显示着各种读数。
tr	O	和往常一样，我在拜访，但是今天不同了。
tr	I	She remained calm , but Bile rose in her throat .
tr	O	他们的防备心大部分会放下，并且他们会期待愉快的陪伴，而不是攻击。
tr	I	He couldn 't help himself from deepening the kiss and Fire spread its way through Dean .
tr	I	The Spartan had saved my life , but I 'd been so pissed at Logan for butting in .
tr	I	I chatted occasionally with Cricket , but Too intimidated to talk to her .
tr	I	Strands tumbled over her shoulder , shielding her from view , and her clip loosened .
tr	O	她开始跟着瓦莱里娅，但是瓦莱里娅开始出拳攻击。
tr	I	His knuckles come flying toward my face , and then his arm swings back again .
tr	I	He kept reminding himself he 'd been here before , sweating blood while the jury fought , and Fitch had never lost one of these .
tr	I	He forced himself to slow his breathing and the idea of picking his way through a tangle of kelp by instruments alone dried his mouth .
tr	I	Rumours will emerge , eventually , in any army , but there was great secrecy about the subject of their discussions .
tr	I	She could make out the terrain and the trees took shape around her .
tr	O	莱克茜叹了口气，并且他一放下她的手，她就转身投入了他的怀抱。
tr	I	I knew he saw the girl from Destin , but he stared over my shoulder at the Porsche .
tr	I	The ache has dulled , but my chest feels hollow .
tr	I	It glittered and her skin was scaly .
tr	O	我两秒钟前还那么勇敢，但是现在我却语无伦次、一塌糊涂。
tr	O	我使劲摇头，不确定自己是否想知道，但是他还是回答了。
tr	O	达里乌斯看起来很惊讶，就好像我在问他什么闻所未闻的东西，但是我没有。
tr	O	他是一个如此优雅的男人，但是他的力量却令人震惊。
tr	I	I can see it in her eyes , as well , and I can hear in her voice that she is lucid .
tr	O	他们以前就是这样，许多次了，尤其是十年前，然而有些东西不同了。
tr	O	他的语气完全漫不经心，而且我不认为他是为了我而假装的。
tr	I	I need to return the favor , and he 's always been kind to me .
tr	O	她看起来不同了，但是是她。
tr	O	夜晚的噪音反复地惊吓他，而且时间过得比他想象的还要慢。
tr	I	You 're the one I want , but you 're bigger than I was planning .
tr	I	Macey 'd known about a thousand boys before she 'd come here , but it was as if a virus had been injected into our school .
tr	I	She almost whimpered in relief and her gaze fluttered to his .
tr	I	Her thoughts were running rampant , but she tried to calm herself .
tr	I	My parents were happily married and I think she needed to lash out at someone .
tr	I	He stepped closer , but his smile widened .
tr	O	我的一些精力消散了，并且我坐回了座位。
tr	I	Now I pick it up , and the collar is on the counter where I left it before showering .
tr	O	下落只持续了不到一秒钟，并且他以令人满足的嘎吱声落地。
tr	O	史蒂文在亚利桑那州，但是他不需要我。
tr	I	Gunther 's two-story home looked empty and the street was quiet .
tr	O	她搜查了所有文件，并且她找到了证据，证明她哥哥关于加勒比任务所言属实。
tr	O	梅丽莎·贾罗德是个甜心，但是她从未让他感兴趣。
tr	O	她咆哮着，显然很恼火，并且他本可以如释重负地大笑。
tr	O	她的手臂打着石膏，并且她的脖子戴着颈托，所以她无法移动它。
tr	I	He doubted his pants , and suddenly he felt a chill .
tr	O	玛丽·安跟着阿兰大步穿过地板，但是她跟不上。
tr	I	Her road had been bumpy from the very beginning , but it was a well-oiled system for most .
tr	I	He was staring back at me and I had locked eyes with him .
tr	O	拳头击中了，并且它看起来造成了伤害，因为对手确实踉跄后退了。
tr	O	我感觉到他意志的能量弥漫在空气中，像一股电流...，但是他并不是想控制。
tr	I	Snoring hard , but that stubborn bunion wasn 't budging a bit .
tr	I	Stryker took my hand and she gave me a wink .
tr	O	他显然在努力让自己看起来更稳重，但是德文并没有被骗倒。
tr	I	Alleging he 'd thought Jack was a renegade white supremacist , but he was admitting he 'd been present during Jack 's torture .
tr	I	He looked forward to the day , and he would tire of her eventually .
tr	O	这很奇怪，并且这已经持续了这么久，现在我害怕吻他了。
tr	I	God wills it to be so , but I never intended to leave you so soon .
tr	O	一个黑匣子在我内心深处嘎吱作响，并且我微微皱眉，试图锁住我对父亲的怀疑。
tr	I	She 'd seen him rip the heart from a master vampire , yet he sounded so deceptively gentle .
tr	O	她伸出手与他握手，并且他利用他们彼此的抓握将她拉向自己。
tr	O	另一个巨大的护堤挡在他们面前，并且然后起伏突然停止了。
tr	I	She caught sight of something then that made her freeze , but Esme started to ask .
tr	I	Counting her just pissed me off , and I 'd never felt such a strong attraction to a complete stranger - unless you counted Lisa .
tr	I	He tilted precariously and the eddy slowed .
tr	O	钻石现在安全地存放在伦敦的一个保险箱里，并且鲍勃——他的另一个自我——的所有痕迹都已被清除。
tr	O	他漫不经心地以一个潇洒的角度拿着它，并且一些杂草开始掉出来。
tr	I	She was only allowed to guide them so far , but she longed to show them the true path .
tr	I	Her father held her back , motioning for her to shush but Jacy looked as though she wanted to shout out .
tr	O	阿利斯泰尔骗过了除了警察以外的所有人，并且我们组织了这次诱捕行动。
tr	O	面包师的店门开了，并且埃利安好久没有闻到过的最美味的新鲜面包的香味飘了出来。
tr	O	他为她的羞耻提供了慰藉，并且她欣然接受了。
tr	O	他有时听起来像一个典型的加州冲浪小子，但是有时他听起来像任何一个普通的中西部人。
tr	O	那个声音在他十几岁的时候就开始了，但是那时它很少出现。
tr	O	马特朝我瞥了一眼，看看我有多远，但是他不必费心。
tr	I	Zane went to dig in his backpack , and the buff wouldn 't go tight enough to do much good , though .
tr	I	Now her hand curled around his and Linda glanced at Kip .
tr	I	She 'd gratefully let him cut in , but she hadn 't needed Mike 's help .
tr	I	The house looked dark and the blinds were closed .
tr	O	他们策马疾驰，并且不到半小时，他们就遇到了从拉雷多路上过来的墨西哥军队。
tr	I	His eyes were rebellious , but William 's stance was subdued .
tr	O	黑色帮助我消失，并且我现在不想被看到。
tr	O	这里的水域更平静，而且环境威胁也较不严重。
tr	O	今天是筋疲力尽的一天，并且我所说的筋疲力尽，不只是指情感上的。
tr	O	他说，但是他并不确定自己是否真的想知道。
tr	I	Also I could not find where that they originated from , and the Creator has refused to disclose anything about them .
tr	O	人类舰队的零星火力维持着敌人的护盾，但是没有任何进展。
tr	O	她的口干舌燥，并且她的声音在她自己耳中听起来很遥远。
tr	O	他的目光又转向了阿黛尔，并且他发现观看她让他获得了极大的乐趣。
tr	I	I almost had to jog to keep pace and it took two of my strides for every one of the Admiral 's .
tr	I	She was relieved , and the doorbell rang .
tr	I	She was sure it was for different reasons , but she knew why she loved diners .
tr	O	我看到盖尔把包从车里拿出来，并且就在那时我注意到了那块外州车牌。
tr	O	这是春树和我自夏天之前分享的第一个。
tr	O	他必须让她觉得值得，但是给她钱的想法让他胃里翻腾。
tr	O	房间太小了不适合员工打斗，并且他不想伤害他的母亲，无论她变成了什么。
tr	I	The group stepped into an apartment and another door opened .
tr	O	朱莉对把车无人看管几分钟，这几分钟可能会延长到几小时而感到紧张，但是当皮特握住她的手时，她的神经平静了下来。
tr	O	阿拉里克把他们俩滚到一边，这样他的重量就离开了她，但是她仍然紧紧地抱在他的身上。
tr	I	She wondered whether she could run even if she had to , and Exhaustion dragged at her .
tr	I	I had no doubts as to what he was thinking about , and he 'd pressed his groin against me .
tr	I	We have to move on , and you don 't need my input for that .
tr	O	卢克多年来一直是我最好的朋友，然而我感觉和他如此疏远。
tr	O	整个结构开始摇晃，并且我像被触电一样移动。
tr	O	蜘蛛在我们手中，并且它被安全地锁在金库里。
tr	I	Before I knew it we were already fifteen songs deep and the night flashed by .
tr	O	他最后看了我的眼睛一眼，走了过来，并且他的身体悬停在我上方。
tr	O	你不知道，但是你救了我……两次。
tr	O	我们去游泳了，但是我的心不在焉。
tr	I	Indignation made my words sound accusatory , but I felt like I should apologize .
tr	I	I had brought his father back into his life , but there were no material things I could give him .
tr	I	The snow seeped through my sneakers , and my face stung from the cold .
tr	O	她盯着我，好像在等着某种答案，但是我只能给她茫然的眼神。
tr	I	He propped it open and the hood popped up .
tr	O	也许我应该担心它会在某个时候融化我的大脑，但是我信任他。
tr	O	该区域已经被清理干净了，并且老式的砖块正在地面上凝固。
tr	O	棺材被放入地下，并且在它完全没入后不久，每个人都投下了鲜花。
tr	O	埃德温追着麦蒂去了，但是一只手抓住了他的肩膀。
tr	O	他的勃起顶着我的臀部，并且我感到一阵兴奋。
tr	I	He felt proud of their achievements and this was true .
tr	I	He expected one for tomorrow and he sounded suspicious , like he was afraid I was making up an excuse about tonight .
tr	I	It was magical and I watched the twenties roar .
tr	O	她背对着他站着，但是听到他的话，她猛地转过身。
tr	O	她的双脚叉开着，并且她的头抬了起来。
tr	O	阿斯特被杀了，并且弗兰妮的生活被毁了，仅仅因为她对我很好。
tr	O	克莱的脸颊上肌肉抽动了一下，但是肯尼迪不打算退缩。
tr	I	He was third in line and a single cashier was available .
tr	I	The Regent only smiled back towards Ben , but the comment brought a glare from Matthew .
tr	O	我要求道，并且他又笑了起来。
tr	O	我是你的保护者，并且这是保护你的最好方式。
tr	I	I really felt quite uncomfortable at this point and he asked about you .
tr	I	It drove me mad with desire , and her touch was cautious at first .
tr	O	我一直告诉她她可以一次拿一个，但是她坚持要一次性拿走全部。
tr	I	I watch her weave between the tables , and Lori directs her toward the hallway back by the kitchens .
tr	O	闪电再次闪过，这次更近了，并且雷声像大炮一样轰鸣。
tr	O	你的团队里不要只有应声虫，或者这和有煽动者在里面一样糟糕。
tr	I	The other two spend their entire lives trying to be perfect , and two of them want nothing more than for you to love them .
tr	I	A lie soiled his tongue and a ring sat in his pocket .
tr	I	The car jolted into motion and the garage door opened automatically .
tr	I	Jason wondered whether the creature might be waiting for something , and the tentacles ' thumps eased , too , behind them .
tr	I	The world is perfect feeling that acts as an opiate on the nervous system and a nothing can upset me .
tr	I	Her hand falls from my face and that makes me jerk back .
tr	I	Justin noticed it and it made my breath hitch unexpectedly .
tr	I	My thoughts jumped immediately to the Cullens , and he looked at me with knowing eyes .
tr	O	凯布尔问了一个危险的问题，并且他蒙混过关了。
tr	O	她曾想过他的卧室，而且现在这让他想象她在那儿。
tr	I	Sweeping her off her feet carried her up the path to a door he hadn 't recognised either and Johnny had leapt out .
tr	I	I hate bullies and I hate evil .
tr	O	拉里拥有它，并且他和其他盗贼在一起。
tr	I	After a while I was able to get my emotions under control , but I allowed myself to have a good cry .
tr	I	He did not seem troublesome , and she had the faculty of making quick judgments , of course .
tr	I	He 'd been able to disarm her and she 'd pulled a knife on Jess .
tr	O	艾米在学校告诉了她几个朋友关于这些课程的事，而且他们中的三个人也报名了。
tr	O	他们把我们的家人从我们身边带走了，而且现在是报复的时候了。
tr	I	He wondered if he 'd time for a trim , and his office was above a hairdressers shop .
tr	I	Already he was using tools like a pro and he liked small spaces .
tr	O	菲茨·莫里斯决定连夜继续前行，但是有必要等待月亮升起。
tr	O	她那天晚上待在家里只是因为她病了，而且她母亲不让她下床。
tr	O	门关上了，并且走廊变得安静。
tr	I	He just looked at me but I said I was sorry .
tr	I	Nothing had ever been this violent , but I 'd been in a few fights myself .
tr	O	我会透过门廊看着，但是你可以站得足够远，这样你就能有一些隐私。
tr	I	I felt relief flood through my body , and she kissed me with passion .
tr	I	I can speak for myself , but I won 't argue that .
tr	I	The pull was strong and he stared at her now with those seductive eyes .
tr	O	没有什么比露营和烤棉花糖更好的了。
tr	I	She could see his left shoulder sag , beginning to lose human shape , and Nick shifted .
tr	O	她需要找到杰夫告诉他他们的计划已经完成，而且他不必再为她吸引火力了。
tr	O	它们是凡人的眼泪，但是它们仍然珍贵。
tr	O	他扬起了一边眉毛，但是他的眼睛闪烁着邪恶的光芒。
tr	O	我虽然违背了我的常识，并且我进了屋子。
tr	O	追梦人拿走了号码，但是她没有用它。
tr	O	他的龙把他甩了下来，并且他飞上了空中。
tr	I	I was , yet I am not a person to be so easily led .
tr	I	I saw blood shimmering in the starlight on the corner of her mouth , and then she started to cough .
tr	O	伊兹捂住嘴巴，看起来很害怕，并且绮拉站在那里，脸上没有任何表情。
tr	I	The two of us will sort it out , and Trust me with the burden you 're carrying .
tr	I	He 'd just finished practice , and I was in my room doing homework .
tr	I	She didn 't react , but he touched her shoulder .
tr	I	You are not and I am human .
tr	O	他全身都在颤抖，并且冷汗顺着他的背流下来。
tr	I	Then the smile dropped as an image of Anabel 's angry face appeared from the mists of his inebriated mind , but he smiled again .
tr	I	It was not that and she knew how good it could be .
tr	O	常青藤的大部分地方都是，但是车灯外的黑暗无疑是导致这么多孩子跑进铁丝网的原因。
tr	O	数百万个想法浮上心头，但是只有一个在对我尖叫。
tr	I	She had been falling in love with one of their greatest enemies , and they had been willing to die for her .
tr	O	我的话语几乎低不可闻，但是她还是退缩了。
tr	O	他通常在家裸睡，但是他带来了睡裤在这里穿。
tr	O	克莱尔对她了解不多，但是她认为那是一件好事。
tr	I	Charlie yelped and Frank put downward pressure on his strappy red heel .
tr	I	It didn 't , but the comfort of him in her head should have felt awkward .
tr	O	母亲出奇地安静，并且他们以蜗牛般的速度在完全的寂静中前行。
tr	O	他回到了水面，并且珍妮把木槌递给了他。
tr	I	She took a shallow breath , and some of the tightness eased .
tr	I	The blonde was enjoying her shock and she stared up at the guy as if he were a ghost .
tr	O	它把那个纸人吹走了，并且我们许多人都跌倒了。
tr	I	To handle an hour of deep fighting stance on my first day of practice , but I knew I was in decent physical shape !
tr	O	泰莎知道他是最厉害的，但是现在她知道了原因。
tr	I	She went outside and Riya obeyed .
tr	O	她颤抖着，并且我再也控制不住自己了。
tr	O	蔡斯开始脱掉他的短裤，并且柳洛及时低下头，没有看到他的裸体。
tr	O	我们离终点线如此之近，但是仍然有许多失败的方式。
tr	O	她很懊恼自己没有记住，并且她很遗憾迈克记住了。
tr	O	约翰想和马修多待一会儿，但是他必须赶紧回去工作。
tr	I	He plows on , but I want to say that I 've been a very good boy , more than he knows .
tr	O	艾莉看到艾玛的眼睛里泪水涌出，但是那个女人拒绝让它们流下来。
tr	O	她将代替我，并且她会用自己的密码登录。
tr	O	在每一个生死攸关的时刻她都支持你，并且她的钱包里带着一个急救箱。
tr	O	我从未听说过它，但是这个古怪的名字听起来像是某个小镇。
tr	O	他在帕特里克还没来得及拿起麦克风之前就打开了相机，但是很明显他正在拍摄面包店。
tr	O	声音像雨滴，并且当弹珠击中时，它们会刺痛。
tr	O	我从不想让它结束，但是当然，没有什么能永恒。
tr	I	Ant didn 't know that , but he wasn 't the one who had benefited from the kill Ant carried out .
tr	O	我一直非常想知道说了什么，但是我想我得等到以后了。
tr	I	For that , Bob was most appreciative and Peggy 's talents extended into the bedroom .
tr	O	我不知道我该怎么办，但是不知怎的，我今晚会熬过去的。
tr	O	女人很容易就能读懂这些信号，并且通常她们八九不离十。
tr	I	We are impoverished , and I am exhausted !
tr	I	It was too late , but the governess screamed .
tr	O	我什么也没说，想知道那是不是意味着弗拉德要来了，或者我是在等别人护送我出去。
tr	O	我对他有相当多的欲望，并且自从他回到西雅图后，我与他的关系更近了。
tr	I	This dream was only one of them , and she had many nightmares ahead to endure .
tr	I	She slowed her pace , staring and her giggle filtered back to Teagan .
tr	I	Suzy was powerless to turn away and Gray studied her intently for a few moments .
tr	I	Her arms slid up from his chest to his neck , pulling herself closer to him and she whimpered with increased need .
tr	I	I forgot about pacing myself , and it sent my taste buds dancing .
tr	O	我向来不太喜欢吃肉，但是那牛排的美味是毋庸置疑的。
tr	I	She blinked them back and tears stung her eyes .
tr	I	I wondered if I was doing the right thing and I looked away quickly .
tr	O	现在他们是他们，并且他就是他。
tr	I	Ahead Jared could see a building that looked very old and there were less people by now .
tr	O	她的上方出现了一个阴影，但是她没有动。
tr	I	He 'd put a stop to it and last night , he 'd had a chance to let things escalate between them .
tr	I	Paris gave her the moment to compose herself , but she hesitated , an unusual thing for her .
tr	O	她那天晚上以及他与她在一起的每个晚上都睡得很死。
tr	O	他的语气很轻柔，但是也很坚定。
tr	I	Claire could tell he wasn 't quite up to outright telling Kim no , and Shane 's excuse had just vanished .
tr	O	这是一个迷宫，并且我完全迷路了，就像当初Doc带我们进来时一样。
tr	I	She knew he 'd folded his arms and his broad shoulders were curved slightly forward .
tr	O	浴室门缓缓打开了，并且泰勒第一个走了出来。
tr	O	我的眼睛在房间里四处扫视，寻找着什么，但是我不知道是什么。
tr	I	They liked him , which had drawn her helpless attention even more , and he was comfortable with the big animals .
tr	I	Shotgun shook it , and she held out her hand .
tr	O	我激动不已，并且狂喜的感觉完全占据了我。
tr	I	She sighed as she massaged her fingers at the back of my scalp and her hands loosened .
tr	O	她想和弗朗哥一起去，但是坎迪斯需要她。
tr	I	He really did but Joe pretended not to understand .
tr	I	She was out shopping with her mother , but I wanted to shoot a look at Bev .
tr	O	遗憾的是，一切都像我们这个世界中常发生的那样，变得一团糟，并且那个孩子受了重伤。
tr	I	She ignored him as she reached her favorite place on his body , but he asked .
tr	O	她语气的突然转变让马库斯感到困惑，并且他向后退了一步，放开了她的手臂。
tr	O	他并没有完全乞求，但是他毕竟是国王。
tr	O	我能从我站的地方看到其中一个入口，但是我不确定它是否通向啤酒花园。
tr	O	我知道我们正朝着那个方向前进，而且我不想欺骗你。
tr	I	I 'll keep it brief , but no , it can 't .
tr	O	我以为他会停在我小腿背部的顶部，但是他没有。
tr	I	It 's true but I know this sounds stupid .
tr	I	The lack of fresh air had taken its toll on Tasha , but the first couple of feet went well .
tr	O	露丝知道我在撒谎，但是她假装相信我，强颜欢笑地喋喋不休。
tr	O	我快到外面了……，但是现在回头还不算太晚。
tr	I	Her tits were spilling out everywhere , and she had it damn near unbuttoned .
tr	O	司机把车后门打开，并且女人优雅地滑入其豪华软垫座椅。
tr	O	他的手平放在她的肚子上，并且他抚摸着她，在她喉咙处低语着粗野的欲望之语。
tr	O	他没有预料到会说那些话，但是他别无选择。
tr	I	Dmitri with his arms crossed above his head , motioning for silence and from behind the doctor Maya saw Nicolas put a finger to his lips .
tr	O	他的手轻轻地按在我后背下方，并且我转过身。
tr	I	She was searching for reasons , but Mia was happy about it .
tr	O	她试图站起来，但是他牢牢地抓着她的手。
tr	O	我点头同意了他绝妙的建议，并且他掏出他的iPhone打电话给埃利奥特。
tr	I	She wasn 't , but maybe Zoe should be dead .
tr	O	第67章 随着夜色渐明，改造后的街景浮现，并且居民们茫然困惑地环顾四周。
tr	I	He interrupted , but I began to thank the sergeant .
tr	I	The men got a couple days hard labor , or the cars broke down .
tr	O	他们仍然可以说话，但是根据他的经验，他们通常不想。
tr	I	Hot flushes ran down my cheeks , and he kissed me .
tr	I	It 's too dark , but I pitch my head down , trying to get a look at the ground beneath me .
tr	I	I find the disappointment almost too keen to bear , but it shouldn 't hurt me that you are betrothed .
tr	O	我张开嘴想争辩，但是普利斯打了我一拳。
tr	I	I turned my head slightly to whisper to him , and I could feel his breath heavy against my neck .
tr	I	That meant I had to trust him , too , and I trusted her .
tr	O	只有豹子不哭，但是他的眼睛里充满了泪水。
tr	O	恐惧掠过罗文市民的脸，并且他们迅速采取了行动。
tr	I	He starts to slump to the ground , and instead , I yank my knife out .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have been drinking , or there wasn 't really any need to man the bridge .
tr	I	The air around her did , but she didn 't get smaller .
tr	O	她的声音很急切，并且她的举止表明她很绝望。
tr	O	那是一栋房子，但是它又不是。
tr	O	我想留下，但是我的手被绑住了。
tr	O	他讨厌要求她做这件事，但是他别无选择。
tr	I	He had done everything and she had done nothing to cause a break-up .
tr	I	Artists weren 't the most socially adept creatures in the world , and Xavier was an artiste , after all .
tr	I	The silence thick , and the long hallway beyond was shadowed .
tr	I	He was in a kind of daze now and going ' cold turkey ' was churning his stomach inside out .
tr	I	He couldn 't find the right things to say but Dan tried to talk to God .
tr	O	他们逮捕了他们中的大部分人，但是当行动似乎即将以彻底成功告终时，少数仍逍遥法外的人却消失了。
tr	O	他们立刻感觉到神的平安进入他们的身体，并且他们立刻坠入爱河。
tr	I	His gaze went straight to her , and Derek walked into the dining room .
tr	I	He didn 't want to sit on the fire escape all night either , but Luis didn 't want to wake him .
tr	O	你的基因仍然受损，但是你有一种基因异常，无论如何都能让你在模拟中保持清醒。
tr	O	他们会解决的，并且我还不确定我接下来要做什么。
tr	O	我可以选择专注于失去，或者我可以专注于我的父母双方留下的记忆。
tr	I	She did it in fifteen minutes and the trip home to the Stanley 's house was mostly downhill .
tr	I	I pulled him towards me and Jared 's eyes lit up .
tr	I	He took several steps back , slamming into a lab table , and Bishop 's eyes widened .
tr	I	I knew not everyone would , but Maddox had eaten this up .
tr	O	玛丽莎不参与任何故事，并且她完全避免与亚伯进行任何对话。
tr	I	She didn 't argue , but Maxie 's face fell .
tr	O	她的手越过桌子伸向我的手，并且我需要这份安慰，便回握住了她的手。
tr	I	He clearly didn 't believe me , but I tried to downplay the near impossibility of breaking into the St. Louis facility .
tr	I	For some reason she needed it confirmed , but in her heart she already knew the answer .
tr	I	As yet he had no plans for what he would do when they arrived at their destination , but his driver would take him to the girl .
tr	I	For the first time I see his eyes light up , wide like beautiful flames as he smiles , and his brows narrow in on me .
tr	I	On the northbound bus he became aware of Amy looking at him but * * * Danny didn 't remember the tube journey .
tr	O	塔纳握住了检查员的手，并且凯瑟琳不得不赞扬兰德尔。
tr	O	爸爸能够保护我们，但是没有在我母亲被枪杀之前做到。
tr	O	杰克需要弄清楚这里发生了什么，并且这个大个子很可能知道答案。
tr	O	她靠在门框上，一半是害怕它会消失，但是它很坚固。
tr	I	If he didn 't sort it out quickly , it would look bad on him , and Nigel couldn 't rely on him to wrap it up .
tr	I	He couldn 't have lifted her out , or he was strong , too .
tr	O	丽芙问道，而且她的身体再次变得半透明，这预示着她最接近免疫这个问题。
tr	O	她仍然沉默了一会儿，并且我注意到她正握着一本小小的深红色笔记本。
tr	O	他的眉毛挑了起来，并且他在我面前几英尺处停了下来。
tr	O	我将面临我的厄运，并且特洛伊将会陷落。
tr	O	她需要一个出路，而且她现在就需要。
tr	O	部长已经没有更多重磅消息要透露了，并且会议显然接近尾声了。
tr	I	The door didn 't yield ... But she pulled the handle .
tr	I	My guards told me you were out driving and you didn 't ask to leave the palace .
tr	I	He stroked his fingers through my hair and I leaned my head against his chest .
tr	O	一只鸟飞过，靠近我的头，并且我感受到了它翅膀扇动产生的一小股气流。
tr	O	这家公司的安全专家已经开始着手处理了，但是他们显然对很快找到任何答案不抱太大希望。
tr	I	I was going to have to tell him where to go , and I expected a lecture .
tr	I	She half expected to fall and her shoes were slippery on the ice .
tr	I	They don 't know anything about his death , and now suddenly he was just a local man .
tr	I	I can 't kiss you now , and I couldn 't kiss you then .
tr	I	Sand trapped inside abraded her skin like sandpaper , and ants crawled underneath the metal , stinging relentlessly .
tr	I	No one was around , but I rushed from room to room .
tr	I	His bruises were beginning to fade and he had slept for two days .
tr	I	This time I clearly recognized it as fear , but a shiver once again traveled up my back .
tr	I	She abruptly turned and she felt her mother 's hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	他向雪莉求婚，让她成为他的妻子，并且她毫不犹豫地接受了。
tr	O	她热爱旧金山，并且住在俯瞰这座美丽城市的山丘上是她永不厌倦的珍宝。
tr	O	我看起来像一个观星者，但是我却表现得像个人类。
tr	I	It won 't last , but he believes it 's a good idea with his brain .
tr	I	It was incredible to watch and he was like a god when he played .
tr	I	He was certainly doing that ... too successfully and he 'd said he 'd warm her .
tr	I	I could see they were wet , slick with my desire , and he slid his fingers from me .
tr	O	我可以嘴硬，但是归根结底他是个能轻易伤到我的大块头。
tr	O	小组在货车后面集合，并且奎恩开始了他的简报。
tr	O	现在他觉得她疯了，并且他也从未爱过她。
tr	O	这会非常令人尴尬，但是我对此现在无能为力。
tr	O	他对她的突然袭击报以微笑，并且她感到自豪。
tr	I	Even though I was dressed warmly I shivered as the little diesel chugged along in the dark and the September night was unusually chilly .
tr	I	She never missed and Adam Barrie fell into a locked position on her radar .
tr	I	That makes no sense , but once again I feel as if I got a glimpse of some strange , shared distant memory longing to be recalled .
tr	I	He kicks his legs like a mad man and mom holds him out in front of her .
tr	I	I catch him eyeing us a few times through the rearview mirror , and he 's an older man .
tr	I	It 's already been disconnected , and we called that number back .
tr	I	It 's also supposed to be fun , but I know .
tr	O	那不完全是真的，但是我让你相信了。
tr	O	该死，并且他一直是个笨蛋。
tr	O	小教堂的前门敞开着，并且光线从中射出。
tr	I	He is gone and he eyes us one more time before Anthony opens the door .
tr	I	She welcomed them into her home and they asked if they could stay .
tr	O	当我旋转时，黑暗微微摇晃，并且我的胃翻腾了一下。
tr	I	Sophia nodded at the old priest and Father Quinn approached .
tr	O	他们等待着完美的攻击时刻，并且那个时刻在莉亚决定穿过一条小巷时到来了。
tr	I	The children spent hours playing there , and the water by the shore was warm now .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure how to stop that , and it seemed that the most innocent conversation between them was going to have mixed overtones .
tr	I	At least I knew what to expect , but it sucks .
tr	I	The gulf between them was too great , but the pain in his eyes made her want to reach out to him , to touch him .
tr	I	The spaghetti straps were also dotted with tiny , sparkling crystals , and Swarovski crystals sprinkled like raindrops from the waist to the hem .
tr	I	They both agreed that it was much safer for everyone to stay put , and she also spoke with Kylie 's mom , Kristie .
tr	I	She was still a little ticked about my attitude at the club , but any other weekend , Kelsey might have forced me into an outing .
tr	I	He 'd already released their names to the media and three of Winkler 's security guards had been killed .
tr	O	朱莉·芬奇坐在她的历史课上整理笔记。
tr	O	我用手敲打自己的膝盖，并且这完全不是一回事。
tr	I	I wrenched myself out of his grasp and Bennett kissed me hard again .
tr	I	Held on , and she immediately flung her arms around his waist , not caring he was a stranger .
tr	O	我知道他想这样做，但是这里不安全。
tr	I	When he spoke , his voice was muffled by his thickening canine teeth , and his ears had grown pointed .
tr	O	她抬起头，并且她的眼睛微微睁大了一些。
tr	O	萨莎笑了，但是这个动作却弄痛了她的整张脸。
tr	O	我不在乎自己的生命，但是我对维奥莱特却感到一丝忠诚，她现在正和塞缪尔在某个地方。
tr	I	Neither was the taste of their milk , and the exact cause is not known to us , for their flesh was not pleasant to the palette .
tr	I	If his adrenaline was pumping like hers she doubted he would , but he didn 't act as though he 'd been injured .
tr	O	我知道我不会停止爱你，但是我错在怀疑你，错在认为你的感情会改变。
tr	O	这让我的心猛地一沉，但是我还是让他走了。
tr	I	I want to help you , and I 'm here with you .
tr	I	I began trotting toward the car and Sensation came back into my legs .
tr	I	We moved silently , with only the waves to whisper its company to us , and I couldn 't think of anything to say .
tr	I	Eventually even the strongest person needed to let someone else carry the burden for a while , but she was strong .
tr	O	他伸出了手臂，并且凯莉以为会看到一束廉价的鲜花。
tr	I	He communicates by writing , and Logan is deaf .
tr	I	It was Charles who spoke , but as one , they nodded .
tr	O	她的眼睛与他相遇，并且它们充满了担忧。
tr	I	The tension in the room made me emotional y tired as wel , and my body was just starting to feel the beginnings of fatigue .
tr	I	No one even notices , but Ted utters some pretty choice expletives after that .
tr	I	Wanting me dead and we need more information than me being a threat .
tr	I	Violetta 's eyes looked to me and he squeezed her face harder .
tr	O	他仍然避开看佐伊，并且她又感到羞愧。
tr	I	The sight chilled her , and he smiled then .
tr	O	现在一切都公开了，并且不是他告诉她的。
tr	I	Her feet felt like they were frozen to the ground , but Haven knew she would cry if she stayed in that room a moment longer .
tr	I	Then she had definitely retaliated , but he 'd done Myst wrong .
tr	I	It deepened my first infatuation and this had never happened to me before .
tr	I	A more powerful signal could drown a weaker one or I would have to sweep the entire area carefully .
tr	I	She preferred their company now , but she was alone with them .
tr	I	She was wobbling all over and she had the slush in the other hand .
tr	O	她找了一份夜班服务员的工作，以便她白天可以照顾我们，而且特蕾莎阿姨晚上可以照顾我们。
tr	O	我上完我的第一批课，希望能和本杰明同班，但是我运气不好。
tr	I	There was comparative peace too , but true there were the many wars .
tr	I	She could vaguely sense the level fields that spread themselves below , and at last the roadway dipped in front of her .
tr	O	萨默指出了布丁，并且他把它擦掉了。
tr	O	她在抵抗，但是最终一个胜利的笑容在她脸上蔓延开来。
tr	O	他们已经在这里待太久了，并且这让她感到不安。
tr	I	The girl 's eagerly followed his every move , and the boys were still slightly wary of him .
tr	O	有些节约成本的方案，比如减少订单，但是我不想这样做。
tr	O	说不出话来，并且她的呼吸也停止了。
tr	I	He really didn 't go into detail , but he said he can help us get out of here .
tr	O	我转身要走，但是他抓住了我的手。
tr	I	He noted how good she smelled , and Steve gave her a shiny glass bulb .
tr	O	他需要进食，并且他不想再被打扰。
tr	O	偶尔出现的白色蓬松云朵让Nexus感到困扰，但是那是一个没有丝毫变化迹象的美好日子。
tr	O	武器叮当作响地掉到地上，但是我能听到金属的低语声，这次带着自豪。
tr	I	My mind was elsewhere , but the food tasted good .
tr	O	贾里德的手抓得更紧了，并且他脸上所有的血色都褪去了。
tr	I	Now , for the first time , I know that my visions were all real , and I didn 't know what was going on .
tr	I	He had a suspicious feeling about it , yet the terrain further away seemed the same .
tr	I	No one seemed to notice , but the car rushed onward at top speed , driverless .
tr	O	如果一切按计划进行，我可能很快就有幸见到尊敬的斯莱特法官，并且这将由我做主。
tr	I	It was like the scene had rewound right back to the beginning and Charlie caught it one-handed .
tr	O	她不再跑了，并且那应该已经足够好了。
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't do that , but I want to tell her nothing , because I 'm a coward .
tr	I	He knew it and he was trapped .
tr	O	我见过无数凡人，并且虽然其中一些人并非完全光明磊落，她也不该被处决。
tr	I	Lucy 's strict parents were a whole other story , but I knew my mom wouldn 't mind Lucy staying over on a Sunday .
tr	I	He kisses the oxygen out of my lungs , and I open my mouth , letting him in .
tr	I	Her sharp eyes remained focused on Skye , but Ms. Loos pretended to be talking to the whole class .
tr	I	Those standing around them wouldn 't know that , but Linda had nothing to do with the observatory .
tr	O	他们面带凶狠的愁容，并且我依稀意识到他们中有两人与她的战士惊人地相似。
tr	I	It wasn 't from the whiskey and the world seemed unreal to her at the moment .
tr	I	I imagine us as Legos , and our friends say we fit .
tr	I	Plaintiff 's counsel had reached an agreement in principle to settle and my understanding is Noah .
tr	I	It was not a happy thought and he began to think of himself , as being maybe the loneliest traveller in the city !
tr	I	I was overtaken by a haze of red and he had just brought them to reality .
tr	O	我们每个人都有某种力量，并且力量就是力量。
tr	I	He had to pay for it and Death had already broken the rules .
tr	I	There were too many , but the zombies dropped like flies .
tr	I	It still made me sick to my stomach , but I knew that killing them was the only answer .
tr	O	我盯着我面前的父母，并且我看到塔昆兴奋地向他们跑去。
tr	I	Mo slowly shook his head , but Lee slowly began to reach for his knife .
tr	I	Francesca wanted to believe him , and Jonah had considered it unlikely .
tr	O	几秒钟内，我看着他盯着后视镜，但是似乎没有人跟着。
tr	I	I was gone , and she touched me .
tr	O	我每隔几分钟就偷偷看他一眼，并且每次他看起来都像在沉思。
tr	I	Robert requested champagne , and they ordered their meals .
tr	I	Her sister remained staring into space but Lauren glanced over .
tr	O	那人抖了抖手，并且骨头在重新连接时发出咔嚓声。
tr	O	他曾试图和她谈论此事，但是她对整个话题仍然相当敏感。
tr	O	土壤因富含养分而颜色很深，并且一大堆石头堆在旁边。
tr	I	Liza knew the snake was about to strike , and a dark forked tongue flickered dangerously in its mouth .
tr	I	Maybe they 'd all been too little , but there were so many little things she 'd done .
tr	I	She couldn 't see him clearly , but she squinted her eyes .
tr	O	听起来像是小游戏，但是他不会胡闹。
tr	O	我恳求妈妈在家教育我，但是我 Knew 她永远不会为了那样做而放弃工作。
tr	O	那天晚上他上床睡觉时仍在试图理清思绪，但是他没有太多时间去思考。
tr	I	He was pressing me gently forward , and he had slipped his arm around me , under the lute .
tr	O	马丁先生仍然显得很激动，但是他似乎接受了。
tr	O	她听到一声吱吱声，并且老鼠粉红色的鼻子从杆子下面探了出来。
tr	O	我不知道约翰在找什么，但是如果他这样离开房间，那他一定已经找到了。
tr	I	Instead she spoke loudly , confidently , but Julia expected her voice to come out trembling .
tr	I	I had long since developed the ability to banish while fighting , and one-on-one combat I could handle .
tr	I	His remaining money stretched more easily , and Portsmouth was much cheaper than London .
tr	O	她哭了，但是那只是在她脑海中。
tr	I	Kellan grinned sarcastically and my mouth dropped open .
tr	O	现在只能看到他挤扁的小脸，但是他至少看起来很满足。
tr	I	He realized she 'd meant every word and his mind ran through their earlier banter .
tr	I	She assumed I was and I hadn 't even told her that I wanted to take ownership .
tr	I	I silently let out a groan as my beast reminded me that I hadn 't fed yet , and the scent of blood filled the air .
tr	I	They didn 't belong to a child , but the eyes looking at him were amused .
tr	O	他的脸红了，并且他的鼻孔张大了。
tr	I	A metal gate rose , and there was a clang .
tr	I	Claudia had disappeared with Zach , leaving me on the corner of their massive L-shaped couch with Aaron and it was a good few hours later .
tr	O	通常，阿里会说好的，但是和尼克一起坐旋转木马似乎有点好玩。
tr	I	They went to supper and Joe picked her up .
tr	I	My connection to the Otherworld had shattered with the glass , but my sense of self-preservation kept me moving through the pain .
tr	O	声音很差，而且磁带也很粗糙。
tr	O	蜡烛提供柔和的金光，而且一切看起来非常舒适。
tr	I	They knew she was two years older , but the girl was slightly smaller than Christy .
tr	I	It was the best surprise of their lives , but love had caught them unawares .
tr	I	The current was strong and the river was brown .
tr	I	His heavy breathing grew louder , and his footsteps pounded behind her .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to be bought that easily , but I took the paper .
tr	I	She guessed that would never change and she 'd always been a loner .
tr	I	That was freaky ... and I could just understand them .
tr	O	我做了很多工作，但是我主要是按照设计这顿饭的人的指示行事。
tr	O	我也闭上了眼睛，并且我确实听到了一些声音。
tr	I	It was coming straight for us , and I had two seconds to realize that no one was going to be able to catch it .
tr	I	His nose suddenly repelled at the animal stench coming from the cell and Jacobs stepped closer .
tr	O	悉尼现在也拔出了武器，并且她包抄了他们。
tr	I	She still didn 't react but he was already shaking her .
tr	I	She just knew , but she didn 't know how .
tr	I	Dmitri had his face turned away , holding the tip of his cap and Nicolas kept his head down .
tr	O	她打开车门时摇了摇头，但是我阻止了她。
tr	O	它那么小，那么简单，然而它却如此令人惊艳，以至于我只能盯着看。
tr	O	也许是他的超凡感官，或者只是需要保持警惕。
tr	O	一阵刺鼻的、意想不到的风透过他的衣服，并且他开始行走，搓着手。
tr	I	They 'll give up and people get tired of working for you .
tr	I	My mouth won 't listen but I try to say more .
tr	I	In the distance she could hear the noises from downstairs , and it was quiet in her room .
tr	I	I positioned myself in front of the line of humans and they swarmed toward us .
tr	O	所有的空气似乎都从我的肺部呼啸而出，并且我用手捂住嘴。
tr	O	没过多久莉娅的名字就被叫到了，并且还没来得及到医生面前，朱莉就问了。
tr	O	狼群照办了，并且我一直无法联系到任何人。
tr	O	我们不能死，而且我们不能让彼此死去。
tr	O	莫里斯是个卑鄙的懦夫，而且懦夫们最需要证明自己。
tr	O	她舔了舔嘴唇，而且我希望我没有被困在那该死的病床上。
tr	I	Trying to unwind in my living room and I 'm finally home from practice .
tr	I	Lately , he 'd only said no , and everyone always asked him to do it .
tr	O	她想来回踱步，但是她控制住冲动，只用手指轻敲着自己的腿。
tr	I	His eyes narrowed as he surveyed the thicket , trying to find the speaker , but he didn 't answer .
tr	I	Instead the display showed an unknown number , but I fished it out , wondering if it was another message from Ethan .
tr	O	门再次打开，通向一个楼梯，而且楼梯再次只是幻觉。
tr	I	I think she appreciates that , and we learned quickly enough .
tr	I	It was over by the time Adelaide surrendered , but the sound of swords clashing came from outside .
tr	I	He was all about the competition , but King didn 't particularly care for Scotch .
tr	I	I cut them short but everyone started to protest .
tr	I	He hadn 't heard it , but the door had crashed open .
tr	O	鲁莽，妈妈说，但是我崇拜我的姐姐。
tr	O	莉齐问道，害怕听到答案，但是不知何故觉得他需要告诉她。
tr	O	我们爬上他那狭小的单人床，而且我把我的背靠在他的胸口。
tr	I	His father stopped him , but Daniel drew back his fist .
tr	I	He was afraid of upsetting me but he wanted to comfort me .
tr	I	It was fantastic , and in I went .
tr	O	这需要很大的自制力，但是我在离开时没有摔门。
tr	I	The guards must have been through this a thousand times , but the other riders raced around the temple in confusion , trying to get away .
tr	O	她绝不会向任何人承认，但是这样的风暴让她真的渴望陆地。
tr	O	这才一年多一点，但是他感觉这像是过了好几个世纪。
tr	O	一个男人走了过去，并且她看着他离开。
tr	O	有时候她好几天不回家，并且她从不告诉我她去了哪里。
tr	I	He shrugs , and I say .
tr	O	尝她一口，并且他就软了。
tr	I	My mind was suddenly flooded with questions , and his statement clicked my brain into gear .
tr	I	Her mouth is hanging open and her eyes are open wide .
tr	O	她告诉我她在急诊室工作的黄金岁月以及男人们过去是如何认为她很有魅力的。
tr	I	It seemed to indicate that she was feeling expansive , and I 'd seen her make the gesture before .
tr	O	我能听到他在我身后踱步，并且当他再次开口说话时，他的声音吓了我一跳。
tr	O	我咯咯笑了，但是它很微弱。
tr	O	我的一个女儿我仍然没有认出来，但是我能看出她和她的兄弟姐妹长得很像。
tr	I	She saw the rope that that had been bound about her wrists , and her eyes darted about the van .
tr	O	我们错过了午餐，而且我饿极了。
tr	I	I wasn 't finished yet , but he looked miserable .
tr	I	I hear Rags snorting as he decides what to make of Trick and I hear Trick speaking his soothing words .
tr	O	她是一名科学家，并且她需要他理论的证据。
tr	O	我想如果我问了，他会告诉我的，但是我从来没有问过。
tr	O	他们在厨房里找了找，并且仍然没有谜题。
tr	I	I wasn 't about to hide that fact from my grandfather , but the general public may not know about the Rogues ' existence .
tr	I	In an instant the enemy were amongst us and a pair of huge warriors leapt over the wall .
tr	I	Her gaze flew to his and A.J. 's mouth dropped open .
tr	I	Nate stopped me , but I went to jump in the front seat of the first Suburban I ran into .
tr	I	There was no choice , but he knew he was running a risk .
tr	O	梅根曾让他回家前到房子里来一趟，并且特洛伊已经同意了。
tr	O	我计划把它们包起来，但是那些插图吸引了我的目光。
tr	O	女孩拉着身后的绳子，转着圈，并且两个男孩追着它，尖叫着笑。
tr	O	我睁开了眼睛，并且一团火焰在圈外蹿了起来。
tr	I	In the end their differences had been greater than the attraction between them , but he 'd been fun .
tr	O	他们找到了一辆出租车，并且亚当告诉塔玛，他该回家了。
tr	I	My blood flow halts and Isaiah 's eyebrows draw together .
tr	O	他给了她一个懒散而傲慢的微笑，但是他眼中的不快却撕扯着她的心。
tr	I	She was about to become his sex slave for three months and Quin was going to pay off the ruinous debt .
tr	I	Harry said nothing further , but he waited .
tr	O	她的身体开始颤抖，并且我紧紧抓住，在我抽动着射精并充满避孕套时。
tr	O	然后他的神情起了变化，并且他看起来鬼鬼祟祟的。
tr	I	Aeron noted his old friend remained a safe distance away , but he was standing inside the cell as he had yesterday .
tr	I	What , I cannot imagine , but his eyes were open seeing some things in his own mind .
tr	O	她的腿软了，并且她的心狂跳。
tr	O	我向后退，并且我们一起摔倒了，丽塔用双肘压在我的肚子上。
tr	O	他们从未有过强烈的宗教信仰，并且也许他们犯了错，没有在生活中注入更多的精神意义。
tr	O	他小时候之后就没接触过这么多基督徒了，并且这次经历让他感到不知所措。
tr	I	He gasped out her name , and Nicolae 's head fell back .
tr	I	Quickly they fought to wrestle the heavy Wright off from on top of them , and Silver screamed , as did the others .
tr	O	他的动作迫使她的双腿张得更开，并且他将臀部嵌入了那个凹处。
tr	I	His fingers went inside of me , softly teasing me and he complied .
tr	I	I wanted off this ride and Everything was spinning out of control .
tr	O	诚然，他的语气可能有些不耐烦，但是现在不是闲聊的时候。
tr	O	我感觉自己快要崩溃了，但是长老似乎还没有玩够。
tr	O	我几乎喘不过气来说话，但是我明白我必须把这说出来。
tr	I	I knew better , but she appeared to be sleeping peacefully .
tr	I	They would swarm all over me like little monkeys and the best times were when I would go home on leave .
tr	O	我知道科尔在试图分散我的注意力，并且我很感激。
tr	O	我更用力地摇头，试图吸引他的注意，但是他眼里只有哨兵。
tr	O	是的，我去年夏天在爱丁堡听你说过那件事了，并且这事传到他那里了。
tr	O	她伤害了他的感情，并且他把她的责骂当成了针对他个人的，因为他对她产生了防备。
tr	I	She also had a kind of fruity fragrance about her and the tea always smelt great .
tr	I	Either way I was more than thrilled to be back inside , but ugh , I didn 't know .
tr	I	Then slid a small blade to the side of her pick , pressing laterally , and she paused , feeling an unusual pressure .
tr	I	The warrant to search Jackson 's property had been issued , and * It did not take long for Donoghue to get DNA tests underway .
tr	I	She immediately passes the bucket of popcorn to Ezra , startling him from the movie , and her eyes widen when she sees me .
tr	O	南美洲已经加入了他们，并且他们共同以合资方式在整个南美洲大陆建造了额外的掩体。
tr	O	那是一件珍爱之物，并且比利希望能尽快从海军陆战队获得属于他自己的。
tr	I	She wore a robe of virginal white , and her clothes had been stripped from her .
tr	O	他问道，并且我一听到她的名字，全身都绷紧了。
tr	I	My heart was another story , but a part of my brain totally got what he was saying .
tr	O	塔克的鼻孔随着他呼吸的力度张开了，但是他仍然坐在座位上。
tr	O	天哪，他就像一个赤脚翻滚的阿特拉斯，并且她从经验中知道，他同样稳如磐石。
tr	I	I saw Darkness in every one and I looked into a thousand of his futures .
tr	I	Drawing on his tight self control , he was able to bury it once more , but his hunger perked slightly .
tr	O	他的手臂缠绕住她，并且他立刻加深了这个吻。
tr	O	杰西会对女性很好，并且她们会对此感到厌倦，尤其是在她们那只渴望残忍的破碎心灵中。
tr	O	这是他的地方，但是这不是他的地方。
tr	O	她很不讲理，并且她知道。
tr	O	他说这些话时没有任何怜悯，只有真诚，并且这比她愿意承认的更影响了她。
tr	O	尼克瞥了一眼凯利，并且他突然神色严峻。
tr	I	Even the wood didn 't creak , and she lowered herself into the chair .
tr	I	He flew to Charlene 's side , and I let go of Blue .
tr	O	那是一种保护他人的本能行为，并且可能他从小就一直在这样做。
tr	I	I knew she 'd just turned forty-six , but I would have put her age at thirty .
tr	O	我们的船伴们早已先行，并且我们和那些来自许多不同地方的人在一起。
tr	I	She was clearly heart-broken , and Imelda had just lost her only child .
tr	I	My knees buckled under me , but I tried to stand .
tr	O	当我意识到查理会对此作何感受时，我感到一丝短暂的内疚，但是我忽视了它。
tr	O	我不知道她是怎么知道的，但是她总是知道。
tr	I	She looked amazing in a ruby coloured ball gown , and once again he was staring at Tess , I felt sorry for Jo .
tr	I	Reuben ignored this , but Simon clasped Reuben , s right wrist very hard .
tr	I	He could barely control himself and the scent of her body infused the car .
tr	O	她的皮肤苍白，而且她那双淡褐色的眼睛周围有明显的黑眼圈。
tr	I	I 'd probably be dead too , or nobody knew I 'd seen the men in our front yard .
tr	I	I 'm not exactly sure how it 's physically possible that I 'm still upright and my legs have been reduced to jelly .
tr	O	她的脸颊泛红，而且她的神情很脆弱。
tr	O	亚当问了，而且在我旁边，我感觉到安德森稍微紧张了一下。
tr	O	我的手仍然搭在他的肩膀上，而且我又闻到了他肥皂的味道。
tr	O	那些话温暖了我的心，但是我必须现实。
tr	O	我的思绪混乱，但是我的身体有反应。
tr	O	我的头枕在爱德华的腿上，而且他把我的头发从脸上捋开。
tr	I	I returned his gaze and he looked at me .
tr	I	I smiled against my pillowcase , and my mind was racing too fast for me to sleep .
tr	O	我从没想过那件事，但是那并没有那么牵强。
tr	O	我的内心稍稍融化了，并且这与他想让我和他玩“淘气图书管理员”的游戏无关。
tr	O	他轻笑了，并且那让我咯咯地笑了。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他消失了。
tr	O	她五音不全，但是那是一周内他听到的最美的声音。
tr	I	They 're already on the plane and I had someone pack your bags .
tr	I	It was the former , he was delighted , grabbing mom and he got to camp .
tr	O	她抓起一把泥土，扔到他脸上。
tr	I	Sam mentioned her a lot , but Alex had never met her .
tr	O	他伸出手，并且我没多想就接住了。
tr	I	Where could she go , but she needed to get away from here ?
tr	I	Jacob knew it and the assistant was nervous around him .
tr	I	She didn 't stop , but Dare was right behind her , his hand on her arm .
tr	I	Hearing the sounds she made from pleasuring her was heightening my arousal , and the feeling was amazing .
tr	I	The eagles , sensitive now to the danger that went along with the sharp crack of the gun , flew off again , but he missed .
tr	O	他正打算反剪住蜘蛛侠的胳膊，但是螳螂女瞪了他一眼。
tr	O	我也想让我父母离开，但是他们想看到我安顿在新公寓里。
tr	I	Asher nudged me with his shoulder , and she turned back to the computer .
tr	O	我让Blue坐下，并且Mulberry走进了公寓。
tr	I	It dilutes the central thesis and you go off on tangents sometimes .
tr	I	Dan Miller had arranged a rotation of sentries for each one , and there were five loopholes .
tr	I	It will be fine , and I have to go .
tr	I	Leonard Fields called me in and the picture proved to be successful .
tr	O	这顿晚餐的提议令人愉快，并且Lindy不打算拒绝。
tr	I	I could understand where Owen was coming from , but I was of the same mind Finn was .
tr	O	她以为当他把她抱起来时会把她摔下来，但是他没有。
tr	O	没有人质疑他的权威，并且他们从不质疑他的正直。
tr	I	Everyone nodded , and I asked .
tr	O	我悄悄地看了看我的手表，但是我没有迟到。
tr	O	我不必回头就知道是Jack，但是我的眼睛突然渴望再看他一眼。
tr	I	Teresa was there to catch her , pull her back from the dangerous edge of the door , but Brenda fell to the side .
tr	O	她让我想起某人……，并且她喜欢问问题。
tr	I	The girls are laying out by the lake , and we barbeque , play football in the yard .
tr	O	是的，金赛确实花了好几个小时和约瑟夫一起计划，但是她知道真正掌控一切的是他。
tr	I	He 'll continue to know and he knows where you are .
tr	I	He knew how to fool a lot of people , but he wasn 't a good guy .
tr	O	他很生气，而且她很沮丧。
tr	I	I needed her and this girl was so much more than anyone I had ever known .
tr	I	It would fall back on the spikes again and presently her aching neck muscles would no longer support her head in its unnatural position .
tr	O	他的头倾向吉他，但是他的目光似乎固定在她脸上。
tr	O	卡罗琳是我的本名，但是不是我使用的名字。
tr	I	She started talking crazy soon afterwards , and that broke her , poor thing .
tr	I	They were all empty , but I opened the drawers on the off chance that I had stuffed the box inside one .
tr	I	I felt myself getting discouraged and this happened several more times .
tr	I	He sat silently as if trying to piece it together but she waited for any questions from Chewy .
tr	I	His eyes grew heavy and buzzing filled his head .
tr	I	That included some clients , and oh yes , despite what Mr. Frank thought , people in the firm were talking about Fritz like crazy .
tr	O	戴维问道，一边指向显示器、测试对象以及正在包装香烟盒的员工们。
tr	O	他扬起眉毛，并且我尖叫起来。
tr	I	She knew what it meant and she recognized the sound .
tr	I	In that smile , Claire saw everything , and Bishop smiled .
tr	I	Michael walked Darcy over to her car and they changed out of their jump suits .
tr	O	河边的岩石如同打磨过的乌木，然而水下的鹅卵石却洁白晶莹。
tr	I	She was going to properly attend him first , but she was sorely tempted to run her palm up his midriff to his chest .
tr	I	I missed my husband more , but I missed seeing our friends .
tr	O	头部畸形——有大多数人类头骨的两倍大——但是从那个距离，她无法辨认出任何面部细节。
tr	I	All of them decided to keep it to think about later , but the others did not fully understand what she was getting at .
tr	I	He knew her all the same , but a veil hung over her face .
tr	I	Julie didn 't want to force Lea to stay , but Julie didn 't want Lea to leave .
tr	O	阿特拉斯忽略了他，并且耐克也照做了。
tr	I	He looked like he 'd buttoned his collar too tight and one of his polished boots tapped out an erratic rhythm .
tr	I	What did she expect when she 'd deliberately stayed out until midnight , but she hadn 't consciously planned an argument ?
tr	O	她对我笑了，并且我回以手势。
tr	I	My parents are there , as if they 've been waiting by the door since I left , and I drag myself inside .
tr	I	Now they were treating him like a rank amateur , but these two had deferred to him when it came to setting up the ambush .
tr	I	I was helping her fill out college applications , and we 're similar in age .
tr	O	他没有练过太极，但是他看到时就认出来了。
tr	O	帕特里克的头看起来像是刚经历过鞭打，但是他的动作和她一样敏捷。
tr	O	塔莉娅现在感染了病毒，并且韦斯也会因此而死。
tr	O	从专业层面来说，这将是失去一个好客户，并且从个人层面来说，这将是对我最新心病的一种解脱。
tr	O	他拉扯着电缆，并且他打翻了易燃物。
tr	I	He remained in the doorway , feeling uncertain , and she headed to the kitchen .
tr	O	她战斗过，并且她死了。
tr	O	她对他了解不多，但是她想学习。
tr	O	也许她已经接受了最好的药物，并且她什么也感觉不到了。
tr	O	媒体已经揭露了她没有死的事实，并且她需要将邪恶引离她所爱的人。
tr	O	拉希德的肌肉绷紧了，并且他想知道她是否知道自己在说什么。
tr	O	凯登躺在地板上，在血泊中和一堆刀子旁。
tr	I	His eyes stung and Everything was blurry .
tr	O	罗布开始带我出门，并且我怀疑这是旅行的终点。
tr	O	他们很远，但是我听得到他们。
tr	I	That was just more of the artificial hocus-pocus stuff , but she wanted to .
tr	I	I heard a man tell him it was too late , and he was apologizing .
tr	I	You know very well that we must sacrifice any black blood born in our tribe and our blood boils for the god of fire .
tr	I	Half walking , half running , moved restlessly along the base of the steps and he threw the bar down .
tr	O	杰克说过迪伦需要开车驶向港口，并且现在她意识到自己离水有多近。
tr	I	We won 't quit , but we may fail .
tr	O	你妈妈没给我留下任何，并且我马上有朋友要过来。
tr	O	他闻到了动物特有的气味，但是他不确定那是不是马的味道。
tr	I	The hall was much brighter , and the windows here faced south .
tr	O	根本无法判断线索是否会中断，并且佐藤是否会永远销声匿迹。
tr	I	He tugged me in a little tighter toward him and his hands moved from my shoulders to my waist .
tr	I	A lot of people can be helped by this method , but not everyone with dyslexia will be able to read perfectly .
tr	I	It bothered her psychic side all the same , but admittedly Shirley Hunter could have invented a better story if she was fabricating the whole thing .
tr	I	Chrissy was in the way , but Dale grabbed the handle , swinging the door closed .
tr	O	我的引擎开始失灵，接着起火，并且我的飞机开始向大海螺旋坠落。
tr	I	She fired , and she whirled around with the rifle up to her shoulder .
tr	O	她感觉到他完全沉入她体内，并且她从容不迫地接纳了他的一切。
tr	I	The girl just didn 't get rid of it and it had to be part of the anti-theft device from the store .
tr	I	Neil wouldn 't survive a rematch with him , and Prison couldn 't stop his father for long .
tr	I	My legs worked unwillingly to drag myself back into my room and cool air assaulted my face as the entrance shut before me .
tr	O	他低声说，并且我抬头看着他时，心跳开始加速。
tr	O	霉菌呈浅绿色，并且它一点也不光滑。
tr	I	I turned to Eris and something occurred to me .
tr	O	耗费数小时钻研地图可能长期来看会有所成就，但是除草一小时就能带来她能看到的结果。
tr	I	I was now on my third major mishap , and the day was only half over .
tr	I	I sighed when his mouth moved from my sex , and Dale grabbed my hips , pulling me up .
tr	O	她盯着坡道，并且 枪仍在她手中。
tr	O	他小心翼翼地向她迈了一步，并且 当她没有后退时，他将手臂环绕在她的腰间以稳住她。
tr	I	I dry quickly and Heat flares within me .
tr	I	The Quest is a joke , and you youngsters are not very well prepared these days .
tr	O	然后他抬起头，并且 他的目光坚定。
tr	O	文森特是口部刺激方面的专家，并且 我随时都欢迎他的嘴在那里。
tr	O	炮手不常在船长办公室里，并且 当他在那里时，总是另有他人需要管教。
tr	O	薇妮十二岁的时候她母亲去世了，并且 家里就失去了光亮。
tr	I	The clumsy , drunken fingers that thrust themselves into her warm centre had hurt her , and it had been cold that night .
tr	O	我很惊讶，但是 这似乎很合适。
tr	O	我感觉到他的手在揉捏我的臀部，并且 我呻吟着吻上他的唇。
tr	O	我变成了这条鱼，然后我就开始长大了。
tr	I	We had to do them just in case , but then we tried stupid things that we knew wouldn 't work .
tr	O	就像他储存了一个学期的谈话内容，并且现在全都倾泻而出。
tr	O	蕾安农是他最好的学生之一，并且他决定把她留给自己。
tr	I	Thankfully , he was giving me the space I needed , but Joseph kept looking back at me .
tr	O	你在6月1日过来，然后我会把钥匙交给你。
tr	O	他几乎不记得足球比赛的结局了，而且他中场休息时就开始喝酒了。
tr	I	He realized she was a woman now , and his little girl was growing up .
tr	O	赛奇愤怒地跳了起来，并且迪伦紧随其后。
tr	I	Other times he just annoyed the crap out of me , and sometimes I respected Malik , sometimes I outright hated him .
tr	O	这些圆圈让我感到恶心，但是我还是坚持了下来。
tr	I	She 'd never leave it , and Crystal was part of Hotshot .
tr	I	It was where Merrill had taken him , but Griffin didn 't want to see this .
tr	O	当她意识到自己在深水中时，她害怕了一分钟，但是狄龙鼓励她划回去，她也照做了。
tr	O	她已经很久很久没有那种感觉了，并且她现在也不太喜欢这种感觉。
tr	I	He answered it well , but that question was unexpected .
tr	O	她的目光落在尼尔身上，并且她观察了他一会儿，神情充满算计。
tr	I	She 'd turned , and she 'd tossed .
tr	O	他自问道，但是这很明显。
tr	O	更像是他想要掌控权，并且我已经把它给了他。
tr	I	It smelled wonderful , but she didn 't know what he was cooking for her now .
tr	I	That seemed to take the wind right out of Clay 's anger and I asked .
tr	I	It wouldn 't budge , but I tried the knob .
tr	O	他想让她像他第一次发现她消失时那样痛苦，但是他不希望她死去。
tr	O	冰箱里有很多水瓶，并且如果你饿了，还有些午餐肉。
tr	O	这太不像他了，以至于凯特只感到惊讶，但是安娜却猛地转过身。
tr	I	This time Adam did not turn away but in the reflection their eyes touched .
tr	I	Other than a soft exhale , he didn 't flinch , but she wasn 't sure how she expected him to react .
tr	O	罗宾的语气听起来很嫉妒，并且我感到担忧涌上心头。
tr	I	It was Conrad who got there first , but Darcy wanted to go after her .
tr	I	Bob wasn 't back yet , and Dawn was only minutes away .
tr	I	I 'll look after the shop and you have a day off .
tr	I	Shock restrained him , but it was reflex almost .
tr	O	我能听到她声音里的渴望，她对我的思念，并且这让我想起了我们年轻时的许多记忆。
tr	O	细线动了一下，但是当她把它插进锁孔时，什么也没发生。
tr	I	I nearly drop it and the gun blasts back against my grip .
tr	I	Even he seemed to tense up a bit at the other guy 's appearance and Daniel asked .
tr	O	梅布尔现在哭了，并且珍妮给了她一块手帕。
tr	I	Her hands came to rest on her hips and she eyed me .
tr	O	显然是新的一天，并且太阳在外面照耀着。
tr	O	他受伤了，但是没有骨折。
tr	I	I sagged against James while regaining my balance , and the forest seemed to spin around me .
tr	O	丹尼尔无法让她跟他回纽约，而且他也无法让安迪去那里。
tr	O	我能感觉到她的痛苦在我脑中蔓延，并且我告诉她很快就会结束。
tr	O	他呻吟着，并且我感到他的坚硬抵着我的臀部。
tr	I	She was his - and she was exquisite .
tr	I	He never responds , but I bang on the door a few times , telling him to explain what he meant .
tr	O	它的头转向天空，并且它倒向一边，地面随着它的身体撞击森林地面而颤动。
tr	I	Today the seat is empty , but I run my eyes over the cafeteria until I find the spot where James always sits .
tr	O	弗朗兹仍然确信他会被解雇，但是他从未被解雇。
tr	I	He pulled me close , and Pix 's arms had gone around me .
tr	I	She didn 't want to tell him what Whitney said about the triple D club either , but she didn 't want to lie .
tr	I	She had no choice , but she was repelled by the thought of putting the clothes on .
tr	I	I 'm not afraid of it either , but I don 't look forward to dying .
tr	I	I 'd know what to do and I 'd just listen to the inside of me .
tr	I	Sonia immediately moved to exit the couch and he used the remote to switch off the television when it was finished .
tr	I	We had something even stronger -- belief , but it 's true that they had weapons .
tr	I	Aquarius struggled to find a way to his feet and the light was now out in the living room .
tr	O	使用她作为诱饵的想法几乎让他气炸了，但是那不是情绪，而是常识。
tr	O	这没有道理，并且这个想法本身就令人不安。
tr	I	She didn 't even say thank you and you offered her your seat .
tr	I	The black ones would be horrifying , but Roses would be nice .
tr	I	Another one started , but the video ended .
tr	O	队员们围拢到教练身边，并且我们像往常一样在训练结束时单膝跪地。
tr	O	那只手本来可以用它的力量制住她，然而他却用温柔的抚摸让她动弹不得。
tr	I	He likes things a certain way , and he 's hard .
tr	I	His teeth chattered and his lips quivered .
tr	I	A certain magic is gone out of the world , a wet magic , but then the color is still there .
tr	O	大多数人会铺上地毯以防止这种情况发生，但是我却觉得看到通行痕迹很令人欣慰。
tr	I	The company suffered more , and I paid her compensation .
tr	O	她跳舞只是为了活动，并且她想跳就跳。
tr	O	我把棍子放到书上，并且它立刻就被火焰吞噬了。
tr	O	眼泪又回到了我的喉咙，但是它们在那里是为了一个不同的原因。
tr	O	瓦莱丽知道自己听起来不讲道理，甚至很粗鲁，但是她对大卫的担忧盖过了一切其他考虑，包括她对误判温斯顿医生的尴尬。
tr	O	更多令人作呕的绿褐色液体从伤口喷涌而出，并且更多的爆炸性咔嗒声从怪物身上传出。
tr	I	I know he is afraid of the red stallion , and his fingers are clumsy .
tr	O	发泄脾气却并没有帮助，并且他向后推开桌子，用一只手抹过脸。
tr	I	I took a deep breath before asking , and I couldn 't help thinking of what Jay had told me through Hue .
tr	I	I bucked against him , screaming and Marco 's hands slipped down the front of my shorts .
tr	O	世界上最重大的事件即将发生，并且我想要继续下去。
tr	I	I 'd be on that red stallion or I have no say in the matter .
tr	O	阿黛尔不常在阿什的惩罚问题上与埃丹意见不合，但是她明白她儿子当时的一些感受。
tr	O	我心里知道该说什么，但是却似乎无法把话说好。
tr	O	有一个停顿，并且纽带绷紧了。
tr	I	I saw her immediately , and we entered the room .
tr	I	Darling 's human companion had to steady herself in the abrupt acceleration , and it dropped quickly .
tr	I	I decide the Clemens are still tanning their hides in the Florida sun and the TV remote is in the same place I 'd last seen it .
tr	O	掌控一个，并且你掌控它们所有。
tr	I	She would walk away from this position or she had to choose her words wisely .
tr	I	They climbed the stairs and they were soon armed to face any danger .
tr	I	He remained silent but she peered up at him , hoping he would say more .
tr	I	A vampire baroness would never hold the hand of her human subjugate , but she wanted to reach for Will 's hand .
tr	I	I am here as an old friend and she begged me to accompany her today .
tr	I	He didn 't really care , and Sheen didn 't know which one it was .
tr	O	迈克尔显然有他的疑虑，但是他举起双手示意投降。
tr	O	埃里斯跟上去了，但是当她走到拱门时，她意识到赛伊不在她身边。
tr	I	You would have gotten what you wanted by then , but I would have probably realized the mistake I had made sooner rather than later .
tr	I	I think that he did that on purpose and it wouldn 't be published for five years .
tr	O	当她站起来时，她的目光移向他的臀部，他可爱健壮的臀部，并且她又脸红了。
tr	O	他不安地挪动了一下座位，并且他脸上露出了羞怯的表情。
tr	I	His mother was working and there was ice cream .
tr	O	她抬头看着埃里克，并且我能读懂她的想法。
tr	I	The local press should have picked it up , but he realised that a run-of-the-mill murder rarely made the national press anymore .
tr	O	马克西姆斯动了动，似乎想抓住我，但是我向他甩出了一道警告性的电鞭。
tr	O	甚至我在医院里都能看到它，并且我有一半时间都因药物而神志不清。
tr	O	怪物很快就消失了，并且蛇群也来去匆匆地离开了。
tr	O	灯都灭了，并且一切都很安静。
tr	O	她很饿，但是她无法进食。
tr	O	我知道我们那场混乱的对峙是预先安排的，但是我想要得到一切都没改变的保证。
tr	O	她抬起一条腿，环住他的臀部，并且他的手沿着她大腿修长而结实的肌肉滑动。
tr	I	Gently , as though he was afraid his head would fall off , but the ancient king nodded .
tr	O	你拿到钱了，并且她永远不会知道。
tr	I	We start to jog and I hand her one .
tr	O	这是我的未婚夫，特雷弗·卡拉汉，并且他想来一杯你们美味的甜茶。
tr	I	I wanted Scott to think his talk had no effect on me and Matt would say something .
tr	O	他反而从床上滚了下来，并且她的眼睛跟着他。
tr	O	我想象着内特的身材，以及我们进入俱乐部后他那种总体举止足以吓跑那家伙。
tr	I	My mom didn 't speak to my sister much either and you can imagine that he didn 't speak to me much .
tr	I	I bumped into the seat in front of me and we stopped suddenly .
tr	O	迪米特里转过身，仿佛他会攻击他们，但是斯凯勒抓住了他，猛地拽着他的手臂。
tr	I	I am Luc and he is Leon .
tr	I	I wasn 't fast enough , but I rushed to jump back on my stallion .
tr	O	这让人放松警惕，但是我清楚地知道他在做什么。
tr	O	他的骨头里有嘎嘎声，并且他的脸因为撞到门框而感觉淤青了。
tr	O	他正在用他的数码相机拍摄我，并且我不敢想象我看起来是什么样子。
tr	O	我本来不想说什么，但是我不想让你认为我是那种人。
tr	O	当她告诉家人我如何救了她时，他们坚持让我留下，并且她的父亲用极品年份的葡萄酒款待我。
tr	O	Mort，经过一番痛苦的思考，认为他完全没有理由成为这里的合法丈夫，并且她也没有。
tr	I	I don 't really care but I 'm sure there is going to be a mark there .
tr	I	They 'd been friends for a long time , and she saw the affection Laura had for Peter .
tr	I	He didn 't reply , and Finn 's jaw dropped .
tr	I	He was glowering at the other boy , but Dawson stood beside her .
tr	I	He was good , and I had Dios .
tr	I	I assumed he was getting the wine from some cabinet below , and he had been crouched down behind it when we came in .
tr	I	Now Cassie had a copy of what she needed to continue working on , but Max would still hold on to the book for safekeeping .
tr	I	I nearly went to my knees and the cold air hitting my neck racked me with another shudder .
tr	I	I hear a scream , and the gun goes off .
tr	O	我想我本应该有些头绪，但是我真的没有。
tr	O	我从地上抓起钥匙，并且它们在我手里叮当作响。
tr	O	没有人听到他进来，但是每个人都转过头看他。
tr	I	I can 't let it go , yet I just want to be free .
tr	O	他得因为玛丽违抗他而禁足她，但是毫无疑问她会认为这牺牲是值得的。
tr	O	我可以径直从她身上跨过去，但是我回头看了一眼。
tr	I	She 'd never see him again , and he 'd drop her off in Salt Lake City late this evening .
tr	I	The Cardinal was on the other side with his back to her , and her dad stood behind the desk where she could see his face .
tr	O	布利茨伸展着身体躺在她的脚下，并且凯特和午夜坐在摇椅上。
tr	O	伊恩把康纳按在远处的墙上，并且那只年长的狼人正扑向康纳的喉咙。
tr	I	He pulled her against his chest , and Mercer 's arms wrapped around her .
tr	I	No one had ever set her on fire the way Nolan did now , but she 'd found the experience pleasant .
tr	I	She found herself struggling for breath in the hot , airless vacuum , and the July sun sizzled on her skin .
tr	O	斯凯拉发出一声窒息的呻吟，并且我幻想着我阴茎的尖端触碰到她的声带。
tr	I	We 've all ended up at Miller 's Hollow tonight , but we all come from such different places .
tr	I	You always got that slight breeze coming in off it , but the sea had been calm .
tr	I	Donovan curled his arm more tightly around Eve to shield her from the chill , and a cool breeze blew through the stands .
tr	I	Simon would have never imagined punching his brother , and Sam had never laid a finger on him .
tr	O	他说他正在与大D合作，并且接着就像有什么东西击中了他的头。
tr	O	顾客们慌忙避开我们的路，随着埃弗里和我出现在人群中央。
tr	O	接线员同时对我说话，并且我无法弄清楚他们任何一方说了什么。
tr	O	马克·克里斯菲尔德的妻子已经打电话给治安官部门，并且他们在赶到她家时拉响了警笛。
tr	I	I did not push her to tell me what happened , yet she said a strikingly similar situation to mine marked her adolescence .
tr	O	差不多是午夜了，并且街道空无一人。
tr	O	她的手抓住了一些东西，并且她从躺椅下面把它拿了出来。
tr	I	The guilt that came with the subject was still painful , but that was what this whole six months about so it shouldn 't surprise her .
tr	I	That made more than one Valkyrie nervous , and no one knew where that one was .
tr	O	他的神态显示出他完全相信没有一道菜会烧焦并且一切都会进展顺利。
tr	I	His mouth was dry and his head was aching .
tr	I	Two young companions bound for Haven , and I bring Wade Crow of the desert .
tr	O	我半生都在奔跑，并且我不会再这样做了。
tr	O	她体内有什么东西苏醒了，并且尽管那种解脱是巨大的，但平淡的市民生活却让她感到压力重重。
tr	O	还没有一个州达到百分之百，但是至少基本生活服务得到了提供。
tr	I	I can only imagine the pain you 're feeling right now , and it 's horrific .
tr	I	Pamela had done an outstanding job as a single mother , and the boys ' father had abandoned the family when they were toddlers .
tr	I	It rang again , and the phone rang .
tr	O	有一种委婉的表达方式，并且也有一种毁灭性的方式。
tr	O	他过去几周一直脾气暴躁，并且艾娃得出的结论是护士的工资太低了。
tr	O	他的身体想要放弃，然而他却不能。
tr	I	He also shook his head , but my grandfather shook his hand .
tr	O	我正在恳求公正，并且公正我尚未得到。
tr	I	She told me she didn 't , but I don 't know if she actually saw him do it .
tr	I	He collapsed beside me , and he let me slip through his arms to the ground .
tr	O	透过缝隙，他看到近三英尺高的积雪，并且雪还在下着。
tr	I	I was , but I couldn 't be mad at him when I had done the same thing .
tr	O	她听见有人哭泣，呻吟着，但是她没有意识到这些声音是她发出来的。
tr	I	Everyone knows it and Emily 's his .
tr	I	Sheila ordered coffee , and she shrugged as the waitress delivered their water .
tr	I	This is all we can spare and we need the witches ' help .
tr	I	The hope in her eyes deflates and I say instead .
tr	I	Printer stifled a sigh and they were by now the focus of every eye in the room .
tr	O	窗户的光线正好以正确的角度照射到他们，并且他们似乎在发光。
tr	I	Instead she found her own body ready to explode with need , but she had ordered French lingerie in order to drive him mad .
tr	O	乐队宣布他们十分钟后会回来，并且伯特引导索菲亚回到雅座。
tr	O	镜头切换到卡利俄佩，并且我不得不咬住舌头，以防对着电视大喊，让它切回克里基特。
tr	O	我爱他，并且他爱我。
tr	O	她出门前应该换上走路鞋的，但是她只是没想到会走这么久。
tr	O	困倦的感觉很快袭来，并且我倒在了地上。
tr	O	我尽力照顾我们所有人，但是有一天当局发现了我们的情况。
tr	I	Riding beside him was the sheriff , and leading the way was Mr. Mac .
tr	I	He would be moving so far away from his father and he was crestfallen when he learned that his parents were splitting up .
tr	I	Ashley would be dead and I 'd be a vegetable .
tr	I	My heart inscribed her name and it was here were all dead flowers rose .
tr	I	So far most of Kira 's assumptions about vampires had proven to be wrong , but they were eating regular food , yes .
tr	I	Albert put an arm around her , and she shuddered .
tr	I	I reminded myself that there were bigger issues at hand , but something about his smile was off .
tr	I	Now it felt like I was losing my body , but I 'd been so worried for so long that I was losing my mind .
tr	I	I 'd heard stories about them all of my life , and tornadoes were common in our part of Arkansas .
tr	O	疯子罗根下了出口，并且我瞥了一眼时钟。
tr	I	They seemed to be pouting , demanding his attention It was all he could do to look elsewhere , but it was improbable , unlikely .
tr	O	她那天早上打开报纸，并且它就在那里。
tr	O	她无疑爱我，但是她不喜欢她的衣服皱巴巴的。
tr	I	His face was a stoic mask , but Andra slanted him a sideways glance .
tr	I	She 'd been smart enough even then to choose the public library as a place to hide , but Kayla did the same .
tr	I	He crouched down beside her , and Understanding flooded through his mind .
tr	O	他翻开了手中的书页，但是我没有看他读它们。
tr	O	洛根的头发一团糟，并且他眼睛下面有黑眼圈。
tr	I	She disregarded that guess instantly , but David 's was the first name she thought of .
tr	O	他的话像刀子一样锋利，但是他似乎并不在意。
tr	I	She could see enough , but the reflection was cloudy , like old mirrors are .
tr	O	我点了点头，并且在我意识到之前，利亚姆正在把绳子系在我们身上。
tr	I	I 'd do the same for him , and I didn 't want him to even think about me .
tr	I	Warner seems to be able to tell that he 's gone , and Kenji jumps out first .
tr	O	尼尔尽可能快地离开了，但是他只走到了走廊。
tr	O	我从未吻过我的丈夫，并且我从未见过他笑。
tr	I	We dance all over the house , and she turns up the music real loud .
tr	O	我点点头，并且他继续下去。
tr	O	我们跑向双开门，并且我脑海中闪过一丝对胸口疼痛的念头。
tr	O	美国女性也可能相当物质化，但是那是不同种类的物质主义。
tr	O	我是处女，但是我已经读过足够多次关于性爱的内容，足以识别那种感觉。
tr	O	她过去总是穿着它们，并且她经历了一阵短暂而荒谬的哀伤，为了她所失去的。
tr	I	Her stomach dropped to the floor , and she glanced down at the screen .
tr	I	He had never seen one with his own eyes , but he had heard of such things from his father .
tr	O	那两个男人躺在同一个下铺，但是那并不是这种事第一次发生在监狱里。
tr	I	I certainly did not recognise any of them , and I had never heard of these politicians before .
tr	O	尼尔已经将近八年没见过凯文了，并且他永远也不会准备好再次见到他。
tr	I	I don 't like it and I can see the shame in their faces .
tr	I	I never want to do it again and I 've lived my life without you .
tr	I	The soldiers were too disciplined to step out of line , but the few remaining demons worried the edges of the formation .
tr	I	I knew how horrible it would sound , but I wanted to say it .
tr	O	事情变得糟透了，并且她不知道为什么。
tr	O	锁被打开了，并且门打开了。
tr	O	我问了，并且他笑了。
tr	I	I can 't remember what it was ... but I have a good idea .
tr	O	他以为他们俩一直都很谨慎，而且他知道菲利帕不是个爱八卦的人。
tr	O	当她走到我们身边时，她俯身在我上方，并且我微笑着安抚她。
tr	O	阿什利在微笑，但是我知道看到我与孩子们在一起对她来说是苦乐参半的经历。
tr	O	我把拳头从他手中拿开，并且他怒视着我。
tr	O	你想能够修复它，但是你就是做不到。
tr	O	又是杰克先走了，并且萨姆看着，双手紧紧地把头发往后抓，紧张得难以置信。
tr	O	我好奇地看了他一眼，并且他给了我一个简短的回应。
tr	O	为了拥有伟大，就必须有斗争，或者就没有机会变得伟大。
tr	O	A.J. 张开了嘴，但是他打断了她。
tr	I	I pick it up and the steward pours out the wine in a crystal goblet .
tr	I	Only loud thumping sounds can be heard instead , but I duck , expecting the glass to shatter .
tr	I	She takes it , and I hold down my hand .
tr	O	我有自己的一个秘密，而且它相当沉重。
tr	O	米里亚姆看了她一会儿，她那双深色的眼睛专注地盯着家庭女教师，并且它们开始自动闭上。
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her and she looked a little skeptical .
tr	I	Dwayne had a second piece and Molly was right about the pie .
tr	O	我们继续沿着圆形栏杆走着，并且他轻轻地荡着我的手，与此同时他恢复了原来的思绪。
tr	I	There were silver points in his eyes , and every shadow on his face was dead black .
tr	O	丽贝卡捏了捏锡安的手，并且他抬头看着她。
tr	O	她在酒吧的最后一杯酒给了她一种愉悦、无拘无束的感觉，并且詹姆斯的引诱进一步降低了她的抑制。
tr	I	She possessed the same innocent charm , but Kate 's personality was entirely different from Colton 's .
tr	O	男人们的声音从船的另一侧回荡着，并且她朝相反的方向悄悄移动，走向下层甲板。
tr	O	道格试图抓住他，但是他浸水的石膏拖累了他。
tr	I	He came in several minutes later to apologize and I ran to my room .
tr	O	杰克朝我走了一步，并且我举起手，让他保持距离。
tr	I	If they didn 't , they were walking targets , yet I couldn 't expect them to stay in hiding for years until we caught her .
tr	I	He was frustrated , but he wasn 't angry .
tr	O	我跌跌撞撞地走出扫描仪，并且空气在我周围展开。
tr	I	The visual centers refused to agree , but you felt you were seeing something .
tr	I	I became defensive , and his tone set me on edge .
tr	I	After about a mile Sarah 's muddled mind began to clear , and they walked silently for some time .
tr	I	She wasn 't looking forward to it , but she knew that he deserved an explanation .
tr	O	警司讨厌媒体听到任何负面消息，并且他很可能会对任何敢于进入他巢穴的人大喊大叫。
tr	O	播音员鼓励他们下周收看，并且屏幕变黑，节目结束。
tr	O	他思维不清晰，并且他无法正常行动。
tr	O	事情突然变得严重得多，并且她需要尽快离开这个地方。
tr	I	She has every right to feel that way and she 's verbalized in the past how she feels about me .
tr	I	Then it disappears , and I 'll feel a little bit of a memory .
tr	I	He focused on the object through his telescopic sight and the curiosity got the better of him .
tr	I	Her fingers slid over it , and she had the remote for his collar right there .
tr	O	我们无法绕到后面去，但是我很确定他们有东西跟着主力部队。
tr	O	她从未听说过有人会吐出重要器官，但是很可能她现在少了一个肺。
tr	I	Besides , she didn 't really want to , and he grabbed her hands again before Jamie could think about finding a way to get free .
tr	I	There were tears rolling down her face as she looked at me and she shook her head .
tr	O	尽管詹妮弗不屑于回答，她的肩膀不再僵硬，并且罗伊斯能感觉到她想知道更多的好奇心。
tr	I	I started running , but Ty tried to grab me .
tr	O	握把是弯曲的，并且金属经过了发蓝处理。
tr	O	鉴于最近飞艇普及率的激增，一位乘坐私人飞艇的绅士并没有太多可供追踪的，但是总比什么都没有好。
tr	I	Maybe by being here I 've saved her , but any one of them could be her killer .
tr	I	I kept going anyway , but I wanted to gag .
tr	O	这个地方的食物很糟糕，但是啤酒很便宜。
tr	I	The light wasn 't gone , but the door closed .
tr	O	他让我全身涌过一阵幸福感，并且我往后靠，扶手抵着我的背。
tr	I	We shake hands and I stand up .
tr	O	疼痛也在他的脑后加剧，并且血液正沿着他的脖子后面滴落。
tr	O	他的眼睛因我温柔的话语而睁开，并且他深情地用手指滑过我的脸颊。
tr	O	他把手伸向门，并且它发出柔和的光芒。
tr	O	她笑了，并且它清脆的声音像天鹅绒般拂过我的脖子后面。
tr	O	先知是上帝的人，并且上帝通过祂的先知对人说话。
tr	O	我们等待了几秒钟以增加戏剧性，并且然后伊莉丝出现在我们上方的平台上。
tr	I	Now she didn 't even answer what her problem is , and she always used to be happy about I come home .
tr	O	那让我想起了斯宾塞，并且所有不好的记忆都涌了回来。
tr	I	He tried to come across as properly attentive , and it was only two days away .
tr	I	No words came , but he opened his mouth to speak .
tr	I	If you must know the guts of it all , I never even took her to bed , but I 'm ashamed of that !
tr	O	菲利普站起来迎接她，并且劳拉的心跳漏了一拍。
tr	I	She kept her composure , but her face went sour .
tr	O	她开始了一个本会很漂亮的纹身，并且她的世界被一个真正的帅哥颠覆了。
tr	O	振动棒的底部转动了，并且一声低沉的嗡嗡声充满了房间。
tr	I	Then stops directly behind him , and her eyes narrow as she walks closer .
tr	I	Cass ' answer was not heard as Lizzie suddenly gave a shout , but Lucas asked .
tr	O	你只是想念你的妻子而已，但是丹尼斯也是个美丽的女人。
tr	I	Kiev was far from finished , but I was about to sigh with relief .
tr	I	Oil lamps cast a golden glow , and exotic sea creatures were carved into the walls .
tr	I	He can hardly carry a note , but there 's a man that is supposed to make his living by singing !
tr	O	这根本不是她所希望的那种干练优雅的入场，并且她对格雷迪·辛克莱的欲望反应让她反常地感到慌乱。
tr	I	She was still carrying his child , but she deserved better than Kevin Manning .
tr	O	刚过中午，并且肯尼突然感到口渴。
tr	I	Alex was convinced her mission was necessary , but Guilt about leaving almost made her change her mind .
tr	I	The panic surges through me stronger and I watch the pen get closer to the vial .
tr	O	他试图移动，但是他的紧身束缚阻止了他。
tr	I	They blew up the entrance leaving my friends there and we were in a cave .
tr	I	I listened to Dex , but I didn 't listen to my father .
tr	O	确实我们没人身上好闻，但是他甚至不做局部清洗。
tr	I	Before she could walk away I waved at her to open it again and she shut the door .
tr	I	He reasoned that they weren 't yet all that far underground , but the ceiling didn 't seem all that high to Matthew .
tr	O	一个人正在看报纸，并且另一个人似乎在假装用手机讲话。
tr	I	He knew that the father would not object , and he would lay it all out ; articulate the pieces together , proximal to distal elements .
tr	O	杰西卡挥舞着《法理学》，并且蓝色火花充满了她的视野。
tr	I	He didn 't get any weird smells from them , and there were still men outside , doing their daily activities .
tr	O	她怒视着我，但是她的嘴唇却痒得想上扬。
tr	O	公主面前堆着一些书，并且他进来时她正从其中一本书上抬起头。
tr	I	I 'd made him flinch from a kiss , but I wanted to throw myself into his arms .
tr	O	我不是第一个，但是我将是最后一个。
tr	O	她自认为在追逐的一切将早已消失，并且她将再次走下来。
tr	I	I can feel his erection grow , and my pubis is pressed against his lap .
tr	O	就这一次我并不是真的想无礼，但是妈妈却生气了。
tr	O	我开始每隔几分钟就打哈欠，并且我的眼睛变得非常沉重。
tr	O	当门上响亮的敲门声将他吵醒时，他动了一下，并且他受损的一侧感觉就像被大锤砸过一样。
tr	I	With my forefinger , I began scratching a message on my arm , and claws came out of my hand .
tr	I	My hearing wasn 't the sense that threatened to undo me , but a snapping , squishing sound penetrated my vision of Mr. Hearst .
tr	O	提香正试图警告她某事，但是瑟瑞尔听不到她的声音。
tr	O	他们觉得自己应该比别人更受尊重，并且他们转身。
tr	I	A moment later a nurse appears and he picks up the call button .
tr	O	我把康纳困在了我的办公室里，但是我必须找到的人是伊莎贝尔。
tr	I	I can 't look away , but watching it after the fact just seems wrong .
tr	I	Everyone was so worried about you , but I hope you don 't mind .
tr	I	They dropped to the ground and Blood gushed from their wounds .
tr	O	我可以开门，但是我不打算这么做。
tr	O	起初她什么也感觉不到，并且她闭紧了眼睛。
tr	I	He had become her fantasy , weaving gossamer wings of desire through her every cell , yet he had sprung from her nightmares .
tr	O	达斯汀还没有回来，并且她发现自己盯着渐暗的街道等待他。
tr	I	I feel like I 'm going to be sick , and my windpipe is suddenly gripped in an iron grasp .
tr	I	The box fell open and unable to wait any longer , I tugged gently at the ribbon .
tr	O	一个路过的士兵对莱斯笑了笑，并且她把加布里埃尔的胳膊拉得更近，并狠狠地瞪了他一眼。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure , given the way my ears were ringing right now , but I thought I heard Phillip yell my name .
tr	O	这家公司总让人疑虑，但是这种自由令人难以置信。
tr	O	他闻起来很香，像泡泡糖一样，并且他磨损的运动衫看起来很柔软。
tr	O	一片灰蒙蒙的薄雾涌入我的脑海，并且我突然感到莫名的恐惧袭来。
tr	I	I searched for a liquid remedy anyway , but nerves were natural in these kinds of situations .
tr	O	我在尸体旁边留了一枚硬币，但是我并不真的认为它会有多大的威慑作用。
tr	O	他们终于快要签下一份他们已经努力了几个月的大合同了，并且现在放弃它不是一个选择。
tr	I	We make things work and it 's nothing major .
tr	O	她告诉我们当他那样的时候就待在我们房间里，但是我做不到。
tr	O	他叹了口气，并且我忍不住笑了。
tr	I	Then I see my truck parked up the block , but it takes me a moment to get my bearings .
tr	I	Many refused to take night jobs no matter how much they paid and people began to travel in groups .
tr	O	一切都向公众做了简要解释，并且只做了一些改变来保护窃贼的身份。
tr	I	Violet stepped in , and iris flushed .
tr	I	For the briefest moment , the room falls silent , and the final portal to the sacred realm slowly closes .
tr	I	I felt a few tears escape my eyes as I thought about her being alive and a sigh of relief escaped my mouth .
tr	I	We need to leave early enough to make it to Chattanooga even if there 's traffic , and it might get late .
tr	I	They lurched forward and Kit hit the gas .
tr	I	The guests drank still once more , and Laughter rang against the rafters .
tr	I	His shoulder length hair was a shining crown atop his head and his tanned form was roped with muscles .
tr	O	他转向我说话，并且我只是举起手。
tr	O	Riley也对这些虚弱年老的吸血鬼撒了谎，并且我们从未有过机会。
tr	I	Hunter had suddenly turned antsy , but Caleb wasn 't particularly ready to change the subject .
tr	O	在他准备好之前，他负担不起让警察控制局面，并且他知道如果他让他们参与进来，他们就会那么做。
tr	I	He had been setting them ever since , and he had set the rules from the beginning in that little diner .
tr	O	Caleb非常高兴见到她，并且我的目光在他们俩之间来回游走。
tr	I	Things only got worse , but it was a dark time .
tr	O	我看着Joel，并且他耸了耸肩。
tr	I	They couldn 't stand up to Chinese tanks and the Stryker combat vehicles were as heavy as it got .
tr	O	他听起来不完全自信，但是继续争论似乎没有什么意义。
tr	I	I land flat against the concrete one last time , and Logan lands one more punch square across my jaw .
tr	O	有一瞬间他怀疑气泡中的液体是否具有某种令人陶醉的特质，但是环顾四周一眼便让他确信了真正的原因。
tr	O	Ivory给她取名为Moonglow，但是大部分时间他们叫她Moon。
tr	O	Chloe从她男朋友的胸口翻身，并且Markus朝她的方向看了一眼。
tr	O	他们作为英雄回到了家，钟声响起，人们聚集在码头欢迎他们回来。
tr	I	He still had a powerful presence , but Gabe might be in a wheelchair .
tr	I	He didn 't but he rattled so much that I thought he was going to fall to pieces from shock .
tr	O	意大利人可能学不会所有战术，但是四分卫则必须学会。
tr	O	性爱显然是不行的，而且你也不能谈论机器人学。
tr	I	She was through with him , but she might have cried initially !
tr	O	医生告诉她随时可能会感觉到胎动，并且这个前景令她激动不已。
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安平静地说话，并且米娅第一次注意到他那种疏离的存在方式。
tr	O	甘农洪亮的声音在墙壁上回荡，并且她前面的一些其他海盗开始盯着看。
tr	I	It would get me out of Cadogan House , but it wasn 't exactly something I looked forward to .
tr	O	许多男人确实英年早逝，但是其他人似乎能永生不死。
tr	I	He stands in front of me and a glint enters his eyes that I have not seen before .
tr	I	He Pushed , throwing himself toward Vin and it slammed against the side of a building .
tr	O	大部分居民是农民，并且镇上的每个人都认识其他人。
tr	I	He wasn 't fast enough , but he scrambled back on the bed .
tr	I	I willingly quieted the angry murmurs to hear the truth beyond them , and the voice of this knowledge fought to be heard over thoughts of revenge .
tr	O	她被抛到空中十英尺，撞上了一棵灰白的老树干，并且她滑落到地上！
tr	O	她似乎又心烦意乱了，并且尽管我通常会置之不理，但我感觉我必须说些什么。
tr	I	The clasp of his watch pops opens , and my hand connects with his wrist a bit harder than I meant .
tr	I	Nobody blames you for not being able to mentally walk , and your mind was broken in the same way as mine , Oscar .
tr	O	门外传来敲门声，并且我知道是阿里斯泰尔来带我去参加与达维拉的简报会。
tr	O	她以前很漂亮，但是她现在同样美丽。
tr	I	I 'm not feeling it tonight , but it 's usually a nice sight .
tr	I	Although he was well used to chopping wood , a few small blisters had started to appear and the stick was hurting his hands now .
tr	O	他在智斗中输了，并且随之他也失去了他的女朋友。
tr	O	他们移动得太快了，并且他们看起来很远。
tr	O	那部分有道理，但是剩下的则没有。
tr	O	冰冷的金属触碰到她的皮肤，并且她退缩了。
tr	O	他的手臂从我身前伸展过来，并且他的手比划向我的头。
tr	O	欧文似乎几乎绝望地想得到消息，然而，并且扎恩为他们所有人都感到心疼。
tr	I	They scrambled aboard and she touched down .
tr	I	She 'd left him long ago , and he 'd only loved one woman .
tr	I	A lot of people are going hungry , and the store 's supplies are very nearly exhausted .
tr	O	我一直不想承认，但是我并没有像我应该的那样恢复。
tr	I	They hadn 't been lying , and I knew the significance of the vintage .
tr	O	天色已经开始变暗，并且她不想漫无目的地在街上游荡。
tr	I	He shucked off his thin leather jacket , draping it over my shoulders even as I shook my head and I shivered involuntarily .
tr	I	I walked in and they were communicating as Martina .
tr	I	I wonder about Sandy , but it 's also funny .
tr	I	It was barely eight in the morning and I was already sweating .
tr	I	This was beyond anything she 'd ever felt before , but not being one for long-term relationships , Andra knew sexual frustration .
tr	I	The people practiced weekly what to do if there was an attack , and even the houses were designed for combat .
tr	I	She was a good doctor , but I had no idea what Dr. Ludwig actually was , other than nonhuman .
tr	O	他没有突出的鼻子，并且他的五官相当平滑。
tr	I	The feeling felt the same , but the scenery was definitely different .
tr	I	I had no idea what , and something was happening to me .
tr	O	他走近了一步，并且她后退了一步。
tr	O	我本来就打算让他和他的朋友们留着她给他的钱。
tr	O	我颤抖了一下，想起我差点被一只鳄鱼抓住，并且那看起来并不像一只小鳄鱼。
tr	O	当他意识到自己回不去时，瞬间的恐惧冰冷地侵蚀着他的内心，但是它很快就过去了。
tr	O	这块红宝石很小，然而它在她移动手时闪闪发光。
tr	I	She didn 't , but we 'd hoped she 'd walk away .
tr	O	手套从他手上滑落，并且他把它从牙齿中松开。
tr	O	我的肠胃翻腾，并且我吐出了绿褐色的秽物，落在洁白的枕套上。
tr	I	His attention focused on Paul and Gio 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	我已经好几年没上课了，但是我一直想重新投入其中。
tr	I	Jules drove me home and I begged off being tired .
tr	I	The urine was puddling around him on the tiled floor , and he had urinated on himself .
tr	O	不，她想说，不，我不是，但是当她看到自己在他的眼中倒影时，她就崩溃了。
tr	I	Then he let it go , but he was about to argue .
tr	O	耳光是现在唯一的货币，并且登上火箭代价很高。
tr	I	We cannot do with it , and we cannot do without it .
tr	O	宽慰的暖意让我的肌肉几乎感到松弛无力，但是我点了点头。
tr	O	一股冰凉的东西强行掰开了我的嘴唇，并且我尝过的最恶心的液体滴下我的喉咙，像火一样滑入我的腹部。
tr	O	我看着她的表情变得柔和，并且她将一切尽收眼底。
tr	O	索菲亚猛地用胳膊撞向我的头，并且我把枪掉在了后座。
tr	O	他们离那棵大橡树不太远，并且他们找到了一些阴凉处来乘凉。
tr	O	我不想放弃其中任何一点，并且我也不打算。
tr	I	Jack reacted , but Sarah had no immediate reply .
tr	I	The tweed jacket stared me in the face , and my hand opened the closet door .
tr	I	She would have hated giving up her job , and the family had been good to her .
tr	O	事实扼住了她的咽喉，并且她不知道如何挣脱。
tr	O	我们可以继续尝试以正常方式要孩子，但是那样，即使没有成功，我们仍然在前进。
tr	I	His body picked up where it had been while he was spying on her , and she closed in on him .
tr	O	你是个骗子，并且你是个冒牌货。
tr	I	She used the opportunity to get a drink of water from the kitchen and she was still chuckling when the television show went to a commercial break .
tr	O	到目前为止，这些梦一直都很准确，但是这彻底否定了它们。
tr	O	然而，他仍然不知道自己以前在哪里听过那个性感的嗓音，但是他打算查清楚。
tr	I	The gum slipped out and he mouth fell open .
tr	I	I saw his eyes peek over the top and he must have felt my stare because his head shot up .
tr	I	That suggestion had resulted in a bout of unexpected giggles but they 'd thought of bringing Norah in on the conversation .
tr	I	Angie was a freight train , but Lauren tried to draw back .
tr	I	It costs me something , but given time to rest , I can heal some pretty serious wounds .
tr	O	卡车侧面写着HEMI，并且听声音，它后面有两个消音器。
tr	I	For the longest time I didn 't know why , but I know you do it on purpose .
tr	I	She realized she hadn 't answered and her stomach knotted .
tr	I	Now there was time for people to consider other matters , and the world was gradually recovering from the destruction of America .
tr	I	The profit margin noted , and the final price with markup was calculated .
tr	I	He was riding the killing edge and not when his temper had turned cold .
tr	I	It showed on her expression and she had hated the touching .
tr	I	The more he made love to her , the more they both wanted it again , and Kell had a strong sexual appetite .
tr	O	她的呼吸很急促，并且她眯着眼睛看我。
tr	I	When the two women had insisted , she 'd decided to trust their judgment , but she 'd initially thought to shy away at home .
tr	I	I can see his surprise and Julian opens it .
tr	O	我把那告诉他，并且他解释了。
tr	O	他朝我扬了扬眉毛，并且我笑了。
tr	O	我想现实是，我从未想过能让韦斯回到我身边，并且现在我拥有了他。
tr	I	Jared stood in my way , his fingers digging into my shoulders , but I made my way to the entrance that led to the stairs .
tr	O	他骨子里就是个主导者，并且她拒绝再玩这个游戏了。
tr	I	I could hear the dangerous warning in his voice , but he still didn 't turn around .
tr	O	他的笑容在她面前描绘出了一幅画面，并且那是一幅限制级的画面。
tr	I	It still showed him assaulting him , but she knew he didn 't get hurt .
tr	I	A calmness came over him and he glanced at Betty , who was concentrating hard on something .
tr	I	Now I wished I had made a kill back then , but I was glad for her interference then .
tr	I	Apparently she hadn 't been observed , but she 'd showed off in public .
tr	O	我无法解释，但是我明白那是真的。
tr	I	I wanted a bath badly and my bag was already there .
tr	O	意外地，她感到泪水灼烧着她的眼眶，并且她把手伸进口袋，感受着紫水晶球那熟悉的慰藉。
tr	I	It was of no use , but he squinted in order to get his sight more in focus .
tr	O	这越来越糟，因为我们感觉到大火已经烧到了我们，而且如果我们不赶紧做点什么，我们很快就会变成烤肉了。
tr	O	外面很冷，而且我还穿着短裤，外面套着件冬衣。
tr	I	What in her world made sense any more , but it made no sense ?
tr	O	我很抱歉所有这一切都发生了，但是我很高兴我现在的生活状态。
tr	I	Paul felt a twinge of guilt and the tube jolted on its tracks .
tr	O	显而易见，他唯一感到的懊悔是她还穿着内裤这件事，但是他很快就解决了这个问题。
tr	O	我不痒，但是却不知怎的，感觉快要发痒了。
tr	I	Finally , I caught a break , but looks like it 'll cost me .
tr	I	I didn 't remember most of it , and all I knew about the process was what I had learned years ago in Hebrew school .
tr	O	我知道这可能没什么帮助，但是我们很欣赏你现在的样子。
tr	I	I came back out to find Winona was in my office , and I 'd been in the bedroom about forty-five minutes .
tr	I	Fortunately he didn 't have to , because Helen poked her head in at that moment , but James wasn 't quite sure how to respond .
tr	I	Half the time never knew what to do , but I always felt like I should do something .
tr	I	The doors opened and the lift stopped .
tr	O	我把他打得一声脆响，并且他倒在了地上。
tr	O	我知道我给大家带来了痛苦，并且我向自己保证再也不会那样做了。
tr	O	他点燃了引线，并且它燃了起来，冒着烟。
tr	I	I 'm sorely tempted to eat it for her , and she hasn 't taken a bite of the pie .
tr	I	He let go , and I pulled at my foot .
tr	O	你无法把他从任何事情上拉走，而且他的辩论没完没了。
tr	O	他们在祈祷奇迹发生，但是命运似乎对这个小男孩另有安排。
tr	O	他没有，但是那没关系。
tr	O	她把手放在门上，但是在她开门之前，她犹豫了。
tr	I	Luna laughed with her and the old woman laughed .
tr	O	我希望那没有太粗鲁，但是我也没有办法。
tr	O	我会把你告诉我的事情报告给我的部门，并且他们会将其转交给皇家海军。
tr	I	I was pretty sure I was seconds away from one , but I 'd never had a panic attack before .
tr	I	I knew that I didn 't have a choice , but I didn 't even want this moment to happen .
tr	I	Reluctantly let go and I swallowed hard .
tr	I	I suppressed an intake of breath and it sent tingles dancing along my skin .
tr	O	我想你肯定会告诉我他要去拿枪，但是你抢先一步了。
tr	I	She waved back , and several people waved at Anne 's car as she drove by .
tr	I	The cinematography shows the death to shadowy , spine-tingling effect , and there 's a an effectively eerie hanging scene early on .
tr	O	如果不是，那有人就要为我妻子深夜被吵醒付出代价了；见鬼，还有我。
tr	I	Frank did display the occasional hint of kindness beneath his normal slave driver mentality , but Mack hadn 't been wrong about his former partner .
tr	O	它拥有玉星上的所有种族，并且她不记得有任何一个长成这样。
tr	O	他张开了嘴，但是阿拉娜抬起了目光。
tr	I	I always felt he would one day meet his match , and I think his good looks have been a deterrent for him all of his life .
tr	O	我扶起艾米蒂，并且我们把她从动物身边引开，寻找一个更干净、更私密的地方。
tr	O	她是一个局外人，并且所有人都清楚乌里夫人憎恨住在洞穴里，甚至比其他局外人更甚。
tr	O	凯莉困惑地转身走回屋里，但是一个咧着嘴笑的杰克正站在她身后。
tr	I	As far as I was concerned this was my place , and she had to stay here .
tr	I	Her cheeks were a perfect subtle light pink - an almost natural blush color , but her skin was flawlessly pale .
tr	I	It 's not really rain , but the sky spits at us .
tr	I	I definitely don 't want to deal with Mason and I didn 't want to deal with Tara tonight .
tr	O	嗡嗡声再次响起，并且那团云开始穿透他的盔甲，直达他的心脏。
tr	I	She pouted at him and Alice 's shoulders drooped .
tr	I	There was a lot of genuine funny that trip , and her 's was brighter , happier , even funnier .
tr	O	吉娅感到她的拳头在她身侧紧握，并且她设想自己朝那张干瘪的脸挥了一拳。
tr	I	He rushed out of bed , and then something struck him .
tr	I	She soon drifted back to sleep , but when he checked on Eloise , her eyes fluttered open .
tr	O	我强烈地感受到了这一点，并且它让我笑了。
tr	O	亚当问，并且罗南笑了。
tr	I	Even those who rebelled do not die , and the Eldar , you say , are unpunished .
tr	O	找出她所有的秘密以及那个该死的泉水藏在哪里。
tr	O	当时他们相信他们相爱了，并且他们很可能确实如此。
tr	I	Her hands went icy from fright and her whole body shook .
tr	O	他的脸变黑了，并且我继续前进。
tr	O	我的头猛地转向左边，并且我明白了原因。
tr	O	我们之前的关系并非秘密，并且多里安大声说话，好让一些聚集的村民听到。
tr	O	最后一响钟声无法与午夜的到来相比，但是它仍然是她一天中第二美好的时刻。
tr	I	There was no sign of the ship anywhere but finally after ten minutes they reached the dock .
tr	O	我花了一点时间才找到你，但是我其实不必费力寻找，因为你好像直接就落入了我的怀里。
tr	I	It failed to open , but he shook it hard .
tr	I	Two of his counsellors were there and King James walked into a private balcony .
tr	I	He rushed Mr. Gunderson to the hospital and Audrey ran home , got our dad .
tr	I	Her stomach was doing a curious little flip , but she asked .
tr	I	I don 't really care what your loyalties are , and I am not here looking for evidence against your mistress .
tr	O	她笑了，并且我看着她走近我的桌子。
tr	O	果然，咕噜又突然停了下来，并且他那长在瘦弱脖子上的大脑袋左右晃动，好像在倾听。
tr	O	他的鼻子擦过我的颈后，并且我抑制住一阵恐惧的颤抖，而他却误解了。
tr	I	Hatred boiled behind his eyes like poison , and he was staring down at Jace , his lips twitching .
tr	O	我建议多休息并饱餐一顿。
tr	I	I could see it from about a mile away , but oh sure , he never told me it was his until we got close .
tr	O	我不明白，但是我会接受的。
tr	I	I must insist , but I don 't do it lightly .
tr	I	His shots were over the crossbar but his traps were good .
tr	I	Today , everything just seemed to be in that light , and that 's the light that makes everything better , everything prettier .
tr	O	它完全毁了，但是他把夹克挂在衣架上，好做点什么。
tr	O	它发出了凄楚的呜咽声，并且克莱尔立刻为自己感到羞愧。
tr	O	她伸出手，并且我毫不犹豫地握住了它。
tr	I	I 'm tired of it being awkward , and I 'm sure you 'll be there .
tr	O	她的建造方法很野蛮，但是当房子建成时，很少有人能说它不精致。
tr	I	Allison turned out to be pretty cool , but I was skeptical at first .
tr	O	击打的强度减弱了，但是频率没有放慢。
tr	O	他保护她的需求很强烈，并且一次失足可能意味着她的死亡。
tr	O	他皱起脸，仿佛身体疼痛，并且莱瓦娜意识到她可能说错了所有的话。
tr	O	我的头因那个周末经历的所有情绪而眩晕，并且我很高兴能倒在床上。
tr	O	莉亚边往前门后退边告诉我，但是她看起来有点担心。
tr	O	索耶轻笑了，并且就在那时，一个服务员拿着面包篮出现了，接着他们的常驻服务员拿着酒也来了。
tr	I	The park is bustling and the air is crisp .
tr	I	She chastised herself for that momentary loss of control , and a soft moan escaped before she could call it back .
tr	O	恐慌使她头晕目眩，并且房间在她周围模糊起来。
tr	O	我们的服务员带着我们的食物来了，但是我没有移开与布里对视的目光。
tr	O	唯一的入口是警卫走回去的那个，并且她知道它也被锁上了。
tr	I	It smeared across her cheek , and Blood was on his fingers .
tr	O	就像以前一样，她会跑，但是他不会让她再死一次。
tr	O	因为我确实如此，并且我不会牺牲你。
tr	O	他听说过有孩子自残，但是他从未认识过任何这样做的人。
tr	I	She wasn 't sure how else she expected him to behave , but it made Cheyenne feel even worse .
tr	I	The fresh , delicate scent hit her first and she opened the door to her trailer office .
tr	O	她的官方名字是“点心师傅小姐”，因为那是尤兰达梦想的职业，但是有时她的名字被缩短为“捣蛋鬼”。
tr	I	They followed Jacob , and she helped him to his feet .
tr	I	They are there , yet those qualities may not readily be forthcoming .
tr	I	Cade 's expression hadn 't changed , but her eyes popped open in shock .
tr	O	他往后退了一步，但是她实际上仍然能感觉到他。
tr	O	当然，他们才在一起大约一周，而且将来无疑会有更多的坎坷困扰他们。
tr	I	Suddenly I was annoyed again and Jax made her nervous .
tr	I	He looked gorgeous with a lock of his dark hair falling over his forehead and his green eyes were twinkling .
tr	I	She took it , and he offered a hand .
tr	O	第18章 她回家时神经衰弱，但是她已经恢复了她天生的平静，至少表面上是这样。
tr	O	隐士再次抬起他阴沉的目光，并且烛光扩大成闪烁的光点。
tr	I	Everything was blamed on me - and I was always an afterthought .
tr	O	我倒吸一口气，但是空气卡在了我的喉咙里。
tr	I	She stopped me , but I started to stand , to take her to the door which I thought led to the bedroom .
tr	O	这很令人惊讶，但是她轻易地击败了他。
tr	O	我摇了摇头，但是这没有帮助。
tr	O	她给了他一个勉强的微笑，并且他发出了一声失望的叹息。
tr	I	We weren 't even having sex , and I had never been so ready , so turned on .
tr	I	Another dark figure slammed him against the fence again , but Derek turned back to check on Kylie 's body .
tr	O	温迪靠回她的椅子上，并且凯莉吃了一惊。
tr	I	I said I 'll stick it out for a while , but I 'm not sure he 's got what it takes .
tr	I	They stood in the control room , watching the activity on the deck , and Captain hired a new first mate .
tr	I	It faded too fast but Caden 's soft chuckle warmed my heart .
tr	I	Maggie walked on the other , both of them with their hands on the large cluster and the Pastor walked on one side of the artifact .
tr	O	她的身体的强烈反应超越了常识，并且她跑了。
tr	I	He knew a lot of people and even though he worked for a small paper in a backwater market , he had been in the business forever .
tr	O	抬起头，并且在兰森所能看到的范围内没有给出任何信号，他们开始唱歌。
tr	O	霜巨人看着奥德，并且奥德看着霜巨人。
tr	I	I can get a word with the person listening in and we 'll know more when we get to the ball .
tr	O	她的膝盖一软，但是芬恩抓住了她。
tr	I	At the last second I ducked , and wind roared .
tr	I	Then no one needs to know , and now I 'll just defeat Cain in the duel .
tr	O	他太高了，我看不见它，并且那几乎和我的回答一样让我害怕。
tr	O	我不配拥有你，但是我也不能放弃你。
tr	I	Even so , it didn 't feel stifling like it was supposed to , but he gripped her tighter .
tr	O	贾克斯渴望能消除痛苦，让这个过渡更轻松，但是他知道那是不可能的。
tr	O	那是弗莱彻教我的准则，并且我决心遵守它。
tr	O	那个瀑布也相当酷，但是没有多少水从上面冲下来。
tr	I	I watched her eyes absorb my words , and she blinked against the sudden brightness .
tr	I	It promised to be a beautiful day and the sun had broken through the clouds .
tr	O	这些穹顶非常坚固，并且它们几乎在所有地方都得到了支撑。
tr	O	他用那双惊人的棕色眼睛看着她，并且热意涌上了她的脸颊。
tr	I	He could barely croak the third question , and his mouth was horribly dry .
tr	I	Quality had gone up and Production had increased threefold .
tr	I	She would do it and she had a job to do .
tr	O	他母亲去世后就一直独居，并且他最后一个同居的人是他的父亲。
tr	I	This puzzled him very much , and the wings were perfectly recognizable .
tr	O	雷打开了诱饵桶，并且她把捕获物倒了进去。
tr	O	我的西蒙叔叔也站在我身边，并且他也把手放在我的肩膀上。
tr	I	Her cheek became a bloody red and my hand came into contact with her skin with a satisfying crack .
tr	I	His nostrils flared and his cheeks went in .
tr	O	她的声音渐渐低了下去，并且我憋住了一句咒骂。
tr	I	She had no Collar to stop her , and the Shifter in her was taking over .
tr	O	盖奇承认，确实感觉很棒，但是也很艰难。
tr	O	结果它没断，但是我至少一周内不能投球。
tr	O	她在我怀里睡着之前一切都很完美，而且我知道这不应该在我没有先告诉她真相的情况下发生。
tr	I	The evidence of his temper tantrum was still everywhere , but she was in his debt for helping her .
tr	O	我一路来到了火星，并且我仍然觉得我离阿比盖尔不够远。
tr	I	Her face was still looking away from him and her hand was still protecting her left arm .
tr	O	她说如果我们被士兵抓住就不会受到伤害，但是她知道我们想来这里。
tr	O	他试图抵抗，但是那个东西太强大了，无法忽视。
tr	I	She 'd be needing her strength , and she was still far too thin .
tr	I	For a time we avoided each other and our two peoples soon met .
tr	O	你们都害怕投入，并且你们都寂寞。
tr	I	Ryan rushed over to her , and Claire dropped to the floor .
tr	O	我认为这只是我过去的伤疤在引起担忧，但是它们仍然存在。
tr	O	她仍然穿着一件居家服，但是这件有着不同的图案。
tr	O	她多次要求截肢，但是医生们说服她暂时继续尝试新的治疗方法。
tr	O	火焰慢慢消失了，并且环绕着瓦尔德隆的蓝色光晕正在离开他。
tr	O	天色已晚，并且你们都有工作要做。
tr	O	他环顾其他垂钓者，眼中带着一个无声的问题，并且他们都点了点头。
tr	I	It wasn 't like any trip I 've ever had , but I 'm no expert .
tr	O	那些话不公平，并且它们也很伤人。
tr	I	She glared and her back straightened .
tr	O	他开始说话，但是她把一根手指放在他的嘴唇上阻止了他。
tr	I	It wouldn 't catch but she tried her lighter .
tr	I	He was struggling to find a way to piece it back together again , and Jackson 's family had been threatened .
tr	O	她想凝视，用指尖描绘他的轮廓，但是她也想他压在她身上，包围着她，在她里面。
tr	O	你本可以让她一个人待着，而且我们本可以回到波特兰解决这件事。
tr	I	It gets to me and because Sam 's every touch is filled with intimacy .
tr	I	She shook her head sadly , but suddenly , she didn 't feel confident about dealing with this son who was too much like his father .
tr	I	He grabbed the small green tackle box containing his first-aid gear , and there was one other item he was certain would be needed .
tr	O	清晰的髋骨线条是她的弱点，而且他可能也有。
tr	O	我已经一年多没约会了，而且我不知道约会礼仪方面有什么新潮流。
tr	O	他把我抵在隔开小路和葡萄园的篱笆上，而且他的手摸索着我的臀部，用力地捏着。
tr	O	一丝微笑浮现在他的唇边，而且他向她点头表示认可。
tr	I	She ran away and we fought .
tr	I	I didn 't know how I felt about it , and that was the last thing I expected to hear .
tr	O	我说，而且斯塔特哼了一声。
tr	I	We also provide a sort of foundation for labs but techs are near the bottom of the totem pole around here .
tr	O	我从未去过爱尔兰，但是 我能从他的声音中听到绿色的山丘。
tr	O	她将手指交叉在他的脖子后面，并且 他再次感受到她的重量压在他身上。
tr	O	我等着劳埃德说我早说过了，但是 值得称赞的是，他没有。
tr	O	莱昂纳多是典狱长，并且 这些狗是守卫。
tr	I	It was quite another to keep his staff from their duties , but it was one thing to tell fairy stories to his daydreaming wife .
tr	O	他吻了她，并且 幸福从他的眼中洋溢出来。
tr	O	我今天没穿胸罩，并且 他的手抚摸着我裸露的皮肤时感觉很温暖。
tr	O	那轻轻的触碰让她的心翻了个跟头，并且 她感受到了他心中相应的震颤。
tr	I	They really do have Violet inside that house , but I know some of it sounds incredible .
tr	O	如果你在理解上遇到任何问题，请告诉我，并且 我们将密切合作直到你赶上。
tr	O	当她在他身边坐下时，他的唇角弯了起来，并且他的手臂环住了她。
tr	I	Everyone was a little nervous about the main armament 's viability but the turret guns had been proven during the Amazon 's testing .
tr	I	I didn 't linger either , but I didn 't hurry .
tr	I	She 'll have gone to sleep and it 's late .
tr	I	There were no windows so no wind blew through the chamber , but her room lacked a hearth for a fire .
tr	O	他自己的欲望在他内心抓挠着，但是看着她达到高潮的满足感给了他力量去忽略这一切。
tr	I	Before my sights crossed him , he was gone , but I swerved my rifle towards the leader .
tr	O	她又添了一份，这看起来不太明智，但是她的身体渴望着食物。
tr	I	Seconds later his mouth was on hers , and Rose watched his head move .
tr	I	Lucien paled , even his scars blanching and Maddox told his friend what had happened .
tr	I	Her Dad bought her a car and Lilly turned seventeen a few weeks back .
tr	O	我知道我们之间会就此结束，并且我祈祷她在接下来的几个月里不会太痛苦。
tr	I	I 'm not able to withstand this one , but I 've had worse beatings in my life .
tr	O	我终于抓住了什么东西，所以我试着抽出，但是我的手臂却纹丝不动。
tr	O	保罗穿过房间，并且令她惊讶的是，他伸出了手。
tr	I	There was no possibility of steering Boris but there was a cart across the street .
tr	I	My mother smiled politely , and I carefully set her down .
tr	I	It had to be said now , but he 'd never said it before .
tr	I	His shoulder was nearly dislocated and Thomas later awoke from what was a serious head injury .
tr	O	他身体里的每一个本能都在尖叫着让他阻止她，但是他却强迫自己让她离开。
tr	O	房间里的烟越来越浓，并且她挣扎着呼吸，突然感觉被逼到了绝境。
tr	O	刺眼的灯光在我身处牢房的昏暗隔离之后刺痛了我的眼睛，但是这总比外面的喧嚣好。
tr	I	It didn 't take long for me to realize this life wasn 't going to be easy , and I tried that route .
tr	O	菲比哄骗她加入了一个联盟，但是那完全是另一回事了。
tr	I	We strolled up , and I accepted the hand he offered .
tr	O	太阳西沉，并且傍晚的阴影如幕布般落下。
tr	I	She glanced at me with a question in her eyes and her eyes widened .
tr	O	加文淋浴后穿上漂亮的牛仔裤，但是他仍然没穿衬衫。
tr	O	狗听到她指责的语气后退缩了，并且凯特立刻换成了一种柔和、安慰的语气。
tr	O	栗色地毯上也有黑色的污渍，并且空气中弥漫着一股食物变质的模糊气味。
tr	O	我从未感受过父母的爱，但是我最终找到了一个爱我的人。
tr	I	Nell wasn 't surprised , either , but no , she didn 't remember .
tr	I	Everybody would believe it , and all he had to do was say the word at school .
tr	I	Theo reached under the bed to retrieve the bottle , and Sophie lifted her legs up .
tr	I	Now he wished he 'd already taken on the expense , and he 'd been thinking about recruiting a computer forensics expert .
tr	O	如果她能说话，她会要求他带她走，但是话语无法说出，只有因快乐而发出的急促喘息。
tr	I	The other coachman grabbed his coat , but the man lumbered forward , growling .
tr	I	I ducked back out of the way , and Jasmine swung the sword at me again .
tr	O	她又试了一次，并且这次它开始打开了。
tr	I	They 'll do it and give them a chance !
tr	O	这是一个大房间，角落里有储物箱，并且他能听到熔炉的嗡嗡声。
tr	O	她看到一片阴影掠过他的脸庞，但是他却对她什么也没说。
tr	O	他问道，并且亚伯点了点头。
tr	I	Now playing a game of tag and laughing .
tr	O	她主动提出要帮罗莎做晚饭，但是罗莎说她不需要帮忙。
tr	I	It was like a taste of freedom , and Lara held the money in her hand .
tr	O	他的肚子咕咕叫了，并且他也想吃东西了。
tr	I	I threw him to the ground and he screamed .
tr	I	He did lead me to the rental hut just up the beach , but he rolled his eyes .
tr	I	The giant did not appear but he waited a little while .
tr	I	It just came out as a whisper , but I tried to say it forcefully .
tr	O	你的嘴里说着一件事，但是你美丽的眼睛却说着另一件事。
tr	O	她松开了我的手，并且她的目光锁定了湖面。
tr	I	She cringed , stepping away , and Alejo laid a hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	他的整个执业生涯都致力于公司法，但是在这个案件中他破例了。
tr	I	Ann would have no proof and you could destroy the papers .
tr	I	Already as many were on the ground as on the trees , and the more brilliant colors of the leaves had faded to brown .
tr	O	这次拜访的想法对我来说是种折磨，然而我无法拒绝。
tr	O	黄昏沉重地笼罩着城市，并且我知道天很快就要黑了。
tr	I	It seemed stunningly intimate , but she had nothing to compare it to .
tr	O	在他身后，玛雅摇了摇头，但是戴克斯又在拉扯他的手链了。
tr	O	他对她所说的话感到一丝不安，但是他仍然无法理清头绪。
tr	O	泰勒已经检查过了，并且寄生虫到处都是。
tr	O	泊车员拿走了我们的钥匙，并且特里斯坦领我穿过大门，仿佛见到他父亲是世上最自然的事情。
tr	I	Whatever form they now had they were far more serious than before , and the tumors were back .
tr	I	He thought he saw Joe wink at Linda during the introduction , but David couldn 't be sure .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but his hand was cool .
tr	O	他的目光落在了上面，并且他低声咕哝着什么。
tr	O	他仍然能看到那些警官的脸，当他冲下车道时，并且他感觉在翱翔。
tr	I	The bread will be ready any minute , and the soup is ready for you .
tr	I	I had flashed through my mind and all the troubles Martin .
tr	I	They didn 't rile easily and they were good people .
tr	O	我不确定，但是我猜是你的眼睛。
tr	I	He won 't object to having the night off either , but he will be ever so disappointed .
tr	O	麦克斯赢得了西科斯基，并且他不会抛弃他的朋友。
tr	I	Finally I would receive the rest that I so desperately needed and the stress of our situation had compounded itself .
tr	O	露西发出一声含糊不清的吼叫，但是弗兰克没有让她挣脱。
tr	I	I still can 't move , but the flash of memory fades .
tr	O	那些辱骂声持续了回克拉丽莎的整个路程，大多是喃喃自语，但是偶尔的几句却非常响亮。
tr	O	我们跑到全身镜前，并且他的笑容从耳边咧到耳边。
tr	I	I knew it was a bad time to take a set break and the crowd loved our performance .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to tell myself to stop .
tr	I	That was what made Ash so cautious , and as Vito users were rare , the government actively scouted Vito users in Sarum .
tr	O	他柔声地、傲慢地说了，并且没有人敢和他争辩。
tr	I	Another narrowly missed his left hand , and an arrow stuck just inches from his head .
tr	O	然后他选择了另一个，但是我抓住了他的手。
tr	I	I had to stop this before I lost control of the situation , and the emotions of the past were threatening to overwhelm me .
tr	I	He refused to let her do anything because she had been carrying Stephanie and he did a great job with everything .
tr	I	I 'm still here , but they tried their best .
tr	O	喀麦隆告诉了他，并且芬利跳了起来。
tr	O	霍尔顿朝我扬了扬眉毛，并且我耸了耸肩。
tr	I	I tried it myself and she was showing me her ability .
tr	I	He began to purr and I stroked his velvety fur .
tr	I	Nobody truly thought I didn 't pull my weight , and the summer had been tough on all of us .
tr	O	南加州即将损失数百万，并且他们将没有法律追索权。
tr	I	I don 't know how long it will take me to make amends with Holly , and it always will .
tr	O	奥利维亚笑了，并且他加入了。
tr	I	I still see the visions but I close my eyes .
tr	I	I have no idea how , but I would wake myself up .
tr	O	你有办法消失，并且我将失去我的学分。
tr	I	The affidavit might be a strong enough tool for some initial leverage , but Paul wasn 't sure what kind of a witness she would make .
tr	I	He 's been different since Robin showed up , but I don 't want to doubt how Mason feels about me , about my family .
tr	I	By that time , the Oak Island treasure was already placed , and the State House he was coming from was finished in 1798 .
tr	O	她曾害怕那件事，但是得到证实让她吓得魂不附体。
tr	I	She should definitely not perform witchcraft in front of them , and she knew she shouldn 't harm them .
tr	I	She saw that he was as scared as she was , and the corner of his eye twitched .
tr	I	His face was ashen , and his eyes were blazing .
tr	I	Those problems affected our marriage , and we were having fertility problems .
tr	O	吉尔不丑，但是她也不出众。
tr	O	他们在小舞厅里旋转，并且艾普丽尔在角落里找到了我。
tr	O	微弱的笑容告诉她，他想回一句俏皮话，但是他没有力气说出来。
tr	O	年轻人总是认为他们是做这些决定的人，但是他们往往忽视这些事情中的某些现实。
tr	O	他快速阅读，扫视着行，并且他抬头看向他的守卫。
tr	O	我与他并肩而行，并且我们走过了那扇升起的门。
tr	I	A gun lies across his lap , and he is dressed in camouflage again .
tr	O	至于她自己，她感受到了她每次回家时都会感受到的那种幸福和归属感。
tr	O	那个声音发出，并且房间震动了。
tr	O	他也花时间锁好了那些门，并且他们一起走向L车站。
tr	I	They came forward cautiously , and screeched Abbas .
tr	I	She swallowed gently , trying to ignore the sudden ... awareness ... between them , and her throat had dried .
tr	I	A quick smile appears on his face , and he pauses for a second in the middle of his sentence .
tr	I	I have two very important things that I need to tell you , but diana , I don 't have time to explain everything right now .
tr	I	Some light still slips through the shutters in the kitchen , but the gel blacks out any natural daylight in the front .
tr	I	I 'd already gone through costuming , and the crews put a lot of effort into getting things ready .
tr	O	尤利亚试图在他投掷前撞泽克的肘部，以此来干扰他，但是泽克对他来说太快了。
tr	I	I follow him blindly and Dante tugs at my hand .
tr	O	我能理解他们的观点，但是我也能理解烧毁它的抗议者的观点。
tr	O	你知道，并且我也知道。
tr	I	He doesn 't make eye contact , but he looks in my direction .
tr	I	It was obvious that the hand did not belong to a person used to opening things , but it played with it for a while .
tr	I	A small build and she had long dark hair .
tr	O	他把鞭子放了回去，并且加百列松开了他屏住的呼吸。
tr	I	The latest creep was on his own and she was home from school .
tr	I	The amusement in it disappeared , and his voice dropped even further .
tr	I	A similar looking guy got out , and the door to the Ferrari opened .
tr	I	He closed his eyes and she rested her palm on his forehead .
tr	O	我多年前回到那里，但是那座桥已经被摧毁了。
tr	O	她从来没有，并且我一直瞒着她。
tr	I	He desperately tries to get away and she releases Jason 's shirt .
tr	I	They might as well have been his , but they were the laments of other people .
tr	I	He didn 't turn around and even though she hit him a couple times , he didn 't slow down .
tr	O	有时候很难认出她，但是爱的纽带将永远存在。
tr	I	I know he doesn 't quite buy it and he looks dubious .
tr	I	He didn 't budge , but she 'd corrected him .
tr	I	No one offered any alternative suggestions , but he heard whispering from his guards .
tr	I	He worked to regain control now that the monster was sated , and the monster 's gloating satisfaction grated against Iain .
tr	I	Utter darkness engulfed her and the silence of a tomb descended .
tr	I	Under any other circumstances , I would object , and such an invasion into one 's life is hardly desirable .
tr	I	Sometimes there 's no choice , but I don 't like being a conduit .
tr	I	There was another form of darkness infecting my world , one born out of fear , but the failing lights caused the darkness in Danton .
tr	O	我想帮你卖掉这栋房子，并且我的费率比大公司低。
tr	O	眼泪快要涌出来了，并且安德烈亚把它们眨了回去。
tr	O	戈尔的眼睛闭上了，并且她发出一声叹息。
tr	I	I think he meant the husband and he flapped a hand .
tr	I	Their parents didn 't want them to and these kids didn 't need to work .
tr	I	His soul ruined it , but his new body was just as good-looking as the last .
tr	I	We 'll go ours and once we get rid of the MPs , they 'll go on their way .
tr	I	I know he 's not smiling , but I can 't see his eyes .
tr	I	Hatch found himself staring into those soulless , unreadable eyes and Kincaid 's head came up .
tr	O	她挪动了一下脚，并且胃里那块石头一直坠到地上。
tr	O	她抓起一面专业的化妆镜，并且她坚定地涂着眼线。
tr	I	Doing things that made her happy , and she 'd concentrate on her business , her friends .
tr	I	I couldn 't even look at him , but I could see Noah staring at me out of the side of my eye .
tr	I	I heard the phone begin to ring and I dialed the number .
tr	I	It started to buzz , and she glanced at it .
tr	O	她又嗅了嗅，并且她的胃收缩了一下。
tr	I	The tone she used told him that this mattered , but they never talked about much , at least not anything that really mattered .
tr	O	我偶尔帮他们忙，并且有时他们也会回报我。
tr	O	身体一个接一个地互相触碰，毫无不安，并且我希望我不是唯一一个看到其中美妙之处的人。
tr	O	我连生火都勉强，而且他能摧毁一整座城堡！
tr	O	它的眼睛长在头顶，仿佛能同时看到四面八方，但是它却分明有张脸。
tr	I	Rafe 's hands clenched into fists , and his action was designed to provoke .
tr	O	她挣脱了拥抱，并且我听到她潜入了水下。
tr	I	This was definitely my most intimidating encounter , but I had been through airport security a number of times .
tr	I	Astonishingly she made no effort to struggle out of his grasp , but she frowned .
tr	I	Now I knew for sure she had my back , but Juanita could be a thorn in my conversational side .
tr	I	At least he wouldn 't feel it now , but it would take a couple of minutes to repair the damage .
tr	I	They held up nicely even without their support , and she was very proud of them , actually .
tr	O	他伸手去摸我裙子的底部，并且他迅速一动，就把裙子从我头上拉了下来。
tr	I	Then she ate , and Luna turned her iPod volume a little higher .
tr	I	I saw the hurt there , too , but he looked furious .
tr	O	他触碰着我脸上滚落的泪水，并且我感到如此羞辱以至于我几乎不知道该说什么。
tr	O	它们是知识，并且它们是她的。
tr	I	She straightened up and my arms dropped .
tr	O	一名警官建议我们俩都可能想喝点茶，并且我记得在每个杯子里都滴了几滴伯利恒之星。
tr	O	我不得不踮起脚尖以免晕过去，但是即便如此我的肺里也无法吸入多少空气。
tr	O	外面很冷，严寒刺骨，但是她几乎感觉不到周围的冰冷。
tr	I	I wondered what kind of light was being released into the darkness outside and branches of gold stemmed up my arms like leaks from my bubbly wrists .
tr	O	我下了车，并且他在人行道上迎接了我。
tr	I	She had plenty , and accessories were everything .
tr	O	仿佛他们能感觉到附近数百万血管中血液的流动，但是他们想不出如何到达那里。
tr	I	He seemed to be doing better already , but Blood had formed at the corners of his mouth .
tr	O	他从她手中接过杯子，并且他一口气喝下了那浓稠的巧克力。
tr	I	God seemed to really be blessing their work , and Kelly had received several letters from her aunt .
tr	O	我作呕，这情绪太强烈以至于我无法抑制，并且詹姆斯猛踩刹车，将我们引向路肩。
tr	I	Suddenly , she wanted to see him smile , too , but she still wanted to kiss him , of course .
tr	O	他是主人，并且她是他的财产。
tr	I	When I tried to reach for it , I couldn 't , and it came to rest in the mud .
tr	O	爸爸问了，但是他的话里没有刺。
tr	O	我讨厌和人争吵，并且他，正如我指出的，表现得很荒谬。
tr	I	It wasn 't George who stood on her step , but she swung the door wide .
tr	I	He didn 't raise the matter , but you would have thought he could have obtained that information from the nurse , thought McBride .
tr	I	These two were complete strangers , but I might give Jonah information .
tr	I	He wasn 't having it , but I put my arms around his waist , trying to make space .
tr	O	它们只是为了提供帮助，并且如果它们没有帮助，你可以放弃它们。
tr	I	The clouds lightened , and the waves slowed .
tr	I	She wasn 't surprised , and the door was unlocked .
tr	O	你不会相信的，但是他是对的。
tr	O	我奔跑着，让双腿成为武器，并且它们迎接挑战，追赶着我。
tr	O	他愤怒地低声询问斯蒂芬妮，但是他的目光从未离开我。
tr	I	There is no going back , and there is no hiding .
tr	O	她对此一无所知，但是这听起来不错。
tr	I	The fire burned hotter in her eyes , and her face became hard as she listened .
tr	I	Its idea is in consideration but Woodpecker still has not decided .
tr	I	It really wasn 't at all , but his hair was all sweaty like it was hot out .
tr	I	I had hoped that it was all a dream and the cold wind put goosebumps on my bare arms .
tr	I	Her body was exquisite , made for him , the perfect fit , but he had known they were meant for one another .
tr	I	He had raised some response from her earlier and he was a handsome man .
tr	I	It had never failed him , and he had used the gum on many occasions .
tr	I	Quin , I 'm pissed as hell about this , but I 'm sure it 's the whole blood rose thing .
tr	I	It seemed to know exactly what to do , but she didn 't know where this was coming from .
tr	O	他脸上现在带着惊讶的表情，并且眉毛也抬不起来了。
tr	I	They 're universally asked by stupid people at stupid times in stupid meetings and there are stupid questions .
tr	O	痕迹在雪地上蜿蜒，并且我小心翼翼地踩在上面，不留下任何我曾在那里的痕迹。
tr	O	窗帘已从一扇高大的窗户拉开，并且苍白的银光如针雨般倾泻进房间。
tr	O	斯特拉用胳膊肘顶了我一下，并且我开玩笑地推了她回去。
tr	O	无法自控，并且因为她想抹去杰森双手在她身上的记忆，她靠得更近了。
tr	O	她转向他，并且他的嘴唇轻轻擦过她的脸颊。
tr	I	I patted his back , and he raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	I 'll never come back and I 'll leave right now .
tr	O	她不知道，只是他的嘴唇张开，并且他的舌头温暖地滑过她的，充分回应着她的吻。
tr	I	His senses took flight and the glare captivated him .
tr	I	Her back hardened and her heart ached .
tr	O	又过了两周水上时光，并且他们最终抵达了西班牙南部的一个港口。
tr	I	She might have been an eighth grader who took different classes than me , but I think she was in seventh grade .
tr	I	It cost them so many lives and it was the old honorable way .
tr	I	It didn 't register but Jenny heard the question .
tr	O	她被给予了太多，并且他被给予了太少。
tr	I	There 's nothing to do for it except to do it , but that would be my luck .
tr	O	记忆还在，但是它们很模糊。
tr	I	I tried to roll away and the attacker 's weight shifted .
tr	O	他现在似乎是我唯一的联系，并且我突然喜欢上了给他一个惊喜的想法。
tr	O	丹尼尔在桌子那边盯着我，并且我妈妈看起来快要哭了。
tr	O	春雨已经过去，并且之后会来的尘土飞扬的炎热还没有到来。
tr	O	唯一的可能性是有人藏匿了他，但是没有线索。
tr	I	They could catch a bite to eat -- Stacy 's treat and she would pick her up .
tr	I	She did her best to keep a smile on her face , but a sickly little fluttering stab of pain went through Amara 's belly .
tr	I	I left out the information I wanted to tell Rich in person , but it was more detailed that the ones before .
tr	O	我放不下那张照片，并且我只是不停地盯着它看。
tr	O	起初她太惊讶了，以至于没有吻回去，但是他的触碰却在她体内激起了一股热浪。
tr	I	He shoves me back into the wall and I scream .
tr	O	她的头发垂在肩膀周围，并且她的脸上没有任何妆容。
tr	I	My heart stopped when I saw Skylar 's number on the caller id and I reached for my phone .
tr	O	他很狡猾，并且我很笨。
tr	I	I didn 't know how to respond to those accusations and my mouth dropped open in surprise .
tr	O	她的声音已低至耳语，但是那耳语中蕴含的哀求比她大喊时更多。
tr	O	我仍然是瑞特·麦迪逊，并且我仍然是个狠角色。
tr	I	I cleared my throat , and I was consumed by the need to say something in the still .
tr	O	她不由自主地笑出声，并且她把脸埋在他的肩膀里来隐藏她的笑容。
tr	O	他的眼睛没睁开，并且他没动。
tr	I	He groaned as he blinked rapidly and the light blinded him for a moment .
tr	I	She doesn 't waste a second tearing open the wrapping paper and I nod .
tr	O	另外三人正在穷追不舍，但是为时已晚。
tr	I	Cain had kept the barrier in place , refusing her entrance , but she prodded at his thoughts .
tr	O	打开窗户有助于缓解他的头痛，但是这还不够。
tr	O	我原以为你来之前会找到一个合适的替代品，但是我还没有。
tr	I	Giving me honest feedback , even though you knew it might hurt my feelings and thank you for beta reading .
tr	I	My Lord of Darkness has sent me , and I have come in search of you .
tr	I	Soon Evie found herself embroiled in the Soho underworld , and they specialised in renting places out to prostitutes .
tr	I	The famed torchlight parade was scheduled for that evening and several Navy ships were docked in Elliott Bay .
tr	O	我将为你而战，并且我不会放弃。
tr	O	海伦的手指在键盘上飞舞，并且过了一会儿，她抬起头。
tr	I	Eddie straightened up in his desk , and the bell rang .
tr	O	她试图挤出一个微笑，但是她的嘴唇感觉沉重。
tr	O	你的长袜是简单的棕褐色款式，并且你穿着丑到我奶奶都会觉得羞耻的棕色鞋子。
tr	I	He felt like a stranger , but it felt so good to be close to him again .
tr	I	He will scratch the back of his friend if he is not smashing it and give the same brush to a monkey .
tr	O	它感觉到沃恩就在附近，并且我只能想象他正在做什么。
tr	O	我们感受到了幸存者的耻辱，并且我们以为我们一切都完了。
tr	I	Then out of the blue a little West Highland white terrier appeared , and they searched all around them .
tr	O	他的眼神很遥远，但是他却在慢慢地回来。
tr	O	为了继续这场伪装，他将不得不公开撒谎，而不仅仅是隐瞒，并且他憎恨骗子。
tr	I	I could see that the stone had rolled away from the front of the tomb and the lens readjusted to the light .
tr	I	Flung himself below the edge of the cart , and then he caught sight of a watchman ahead .
tr	I	Neighbors are still neighbors and the people are caring .
tr	I	Blue jeans were the most unforgiving of the clothing chain , and her clothes no longer fit .
tr	I	I don 't go the whole way but I 'm a gangster .
tr	I	Jasper 's instincts were telling him it was true , but they 'd check the story on the shrink .
tr	O	听起来他不像是个威胁，但是他看起来绝对是个威胁。
tr	I	The creases had been carefully pressed out so that the paper would not wear along them , but the pages had been folded for delivery .
tr	O	花瓣都被压碎了，并且她气愤地盘旋在倒伏的身体上方，翅膀猛烈地扇动着，一边掸着身上的灰尘。
tr	I	Thankfully , our dinner waited for us , and my guests had made themselves at home on the porch where I had left them .
tr	O	利维的下巴收紧了，并且他的眼睛变得凶狠起来。
tr	I	His helmet rolled off in the fray , and he faltered for a moment , losing his grip on the sword .
tr	O	我又一次长时间停顿，知道问了也没用，但是我却忍不住。
tr	O	克雷格把我们领进SUV时外面还有摄影师，但是他们的问题已经变了。
tr	O	你会尊重她，并且你会尊重你的父亲。
tr	I	I didn 't answer her , and she asked .
tr	I	I didn 't know you were there and my sight is not good .
tr	I	I couldn 't say that I wouldn 't , either , but I couldn 't say that I would like the piercings .
tr	I	It seemed like the most natural thing in the world , and they held hands on the way back to the office .
tr	O	我也很想他，而且我只是想靠近他，哪怕只是一小会儿。
tr	O	那样爬进黑暗对她来说总是令人不安的，并且她颤抖了。
tr	I	Derek started going through the guns that the team had left behind before we went traversing through the jungle and the trunk opened .
tr	O	梅根有个早餐会议，而且布伦达不在城里。
tr	I	We watch the three sons swimming in the pond , and the three of us sit on the bench .
tr	O	鸟儿安静下来，并且风也停了。
tr	I	I deflect the object to the other side , and instinctively my arm flicks back out .
tr	I	A few of the mercenaries started a raucous drinking song around the fire , and the soldiers brushed their horses down .
tr	I	He sank his small body down as if he possessed the weight of a horse , but the boy obeyed .
tr	I	I will always love you and I am your mother .
tr	I	She couldn 't even look at him , but he came to say goodbye .
tr	O	他们可能甚至不知道我在那里，但是我情不自禁。
tr	O	我娶你母亲是因为爱，但是她只想要我的钱。
tr	O	他们被介绍时，他向尼尔打了招呼，但是他显然想和他的女儿说话。
tr	I	That was saying a lot because Lyle hardly liked anyone at all , and Lyle actually liked John .
tr	I	This time I was the one who drew him closer , and I wrapped my arms around his neck .
tr	I	He felt the need to relieve himself and his stomach turned .
tr	O	杰姆向我求婚了，并且我已经答应了。
tr	O	他的眼睛翻到了后脑勺，并且我在他昏倒时笑了。
tr	I	He was left on his own waiting , and soon they were taking her to X-ray .
tr	I	He hadn 't exactly offered up one of his dresser drawers , and she 'd been careful not to leave clothes at his apartment .
tr	I	At least you 're safe now , but I wanted to be with you .
tr	O	利亚搂住了莎拉，并且她们拥抱了。
tr	I	The names of the seven sisters are the seven sisters from Greek mythology and the name Pleiades comes from Greek mythology .
tr	O	它不会持续很久，并且然后她就会是他的了。
tr	I	He felt a pull on the rope attached to his waist , and Sigi yelled at him once again .
tr	O	我盯着梯井深处，但是我看到的只是奇异博士的蓝色光芒在方形隧道中的倒影。
tr	I	She moaned , gripping onto his shoulders , scoring his skin with her nails and his tongue slid into her mouth .
tr	I	The veil of water parts in the center allowing her passage into it , and the melody echo 's through the long cave before her .
tr	I	My eyes were filling , and I swallowed with difficulty .
tr	I	I don 't hate you , Will , but it was a terrible , terrible thing .
tr	O	我没有驾照，但是我确实有一辆小维斯帕，我时不时地用它。
tr	O	我们的职责是阻止你做出错误的决定，并且你现在正在做出的这个决定是巨大的。
tr	I	Ellie realized it was in an effort to distract herself , and then Emma started to speak again .
tr	I	The lump in my throat remained , but I swallowed .
tr	O	他在其他女人、其他地方见过那种眼神，并且他讨厌它。
tr	I	Zoe nervously took the seat and Marco moved to hold out her chair .
tr	O	那是丽芙的声音，并且现在有一丝颤抖贯穿其中。
tr	I	He hated being angry , and he didn 't like thinking that because it made him angry .
tr	I	The King entered and the door opened .
tr	I	These we sack for goods , and other buildings have been abandoned , however .
tr	O	我意识到汽车侧翻了，但是窗户在撞击后仍然完好无损。
tr	O	她拼命挣扎对抗抓住她的两个男人，但是她不是他们的对手。
tr	I	I follow him , and he keeps going , naturally .
tr	I	I fought it down , but a quick pulse of terror pushed through me .
tr	O	好男人最终会期望更多，并且她没有什么可以给予的。
tr	O	手落在我身上，但是我的皮肤感觉脱离了。
tr	O	它们很美，并且有一天他会把它们摆在他的家里。
tr	I	He could never remove those words , but he could give her unconditional love .
tr	O	我看着他，并且他看着我。
tr	I	As the pain in the side of his head blazed into existence , Cricket made one final promise , and Helpless as the music took him .
tr	O	因为意大利意味着一起飞去某个地方，并且我现在几乎无法把手从你身上移开。
tr	I	She seemed to reconsider what it was that she was going to say , but Ashley 's mouth started to open .
tr	I	This story took the cake but Tessa was a flighty one .
tr	I	Basha was afraid for a minute that he would cry and Jobe took a deep breath to calm himself .
tr	I	Ray was aware of more than Deckard might 've guessed , but Deckard told him what he thought he might believe .
tr	O	我深吸一口气，并且很久以来第一次我感到内心一贯的躁动有所减轻。
tr	I	He rushed from it , Jess alongside him and the elevator stopped in time .
tr	I	Patrice didn 't have to know that , but I was counting my own birthday parties when I was a kid .
tr	I	This is not me , but I look down at the stained cloth that covers me .
tr	I	They felt wonderful on her cheek , and those lips had always felt good .
tr	O	他印象最深的学校是斯坦福大学，但是它离奥本足够远，以至于他们不得不搬家。
tr	O	老虎机上方的灯亮了，并且银元开始倒入托盘。
tr	I	Recently I gained my mother , and soon I would be a mother .
tr	I	She gulped with relief and it was heaven compared to the stench in the air .
tr	I	His grandmother didn 't , but I had my eyes closed .
tr	I	He came with everything that scared her , but she wanted to be with him .
tr	I	The wires were nowhere in sight , but Frank looked around the small garage .
tr	O	小镇被洗劫一空，并且大自然已经接管。
tr	I	Just the way he 's acting tells me that he knows something , but I 'm still not sure if he knows exactly who I am .
tr	O	他轻笑一声，但是他的表情告诉我他后悔和我谈论此事。
tr	O	他的手指玩弄着我的发梢，并且他吻了我的头顶。
tr	O	仅仅是看着那个男人就让她感到不寒而栗，但是他接下来所说的话让她感到天旋地转。
tr	I	All I could do was laugh , and he had me by my shirt .
tr	I	Listening did sound easier than obeying , and she wanted to honor them though .
tr	O	特里斯坦咯咯地笑了，并且她顽皮地推了他一下。
tr	O	他向她要了另一个塑料袋，并且她给了他。
tr	O	果然，正如守卫告诉他们的，隐形法师就在那里，但是更重要的是，正对面是一家马厩。
tr	O	我们十指紧扣，并且我闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	He knew the police probably had his DNA on file from before , and one slip-up could leave forensic evidence tying him to the crime .
tr	I	No words come out and my mouth pops open .
tr	I	Breathing well but she 's feverish .
tr	I	He ignored it and the telephone on the table beside him began ringing .
tr	I	Desire clawed at his gut in a way that was only too familiar and Avery grinned at him .
tr	O	我尖叫起来，并且贝恩抱紧了我。
tr	O	她能听到他的脚步声靠近，并且她的怒气更盛了。
tr	O	英国人比利·特纳，那个凡人，早已不在了，并且那让我非常悲伤。
tr	O	我试图召唤我的亡灵法术，就像我在餐厅里做的那样，但是脑海中的狮吼声太嘈杂了。
tr	I	I couldn 't believe her composure , and Elsa didn 't bothered to check .
tr	O	他与猎人一同上战场，并且只有运气让他挺过了那场屠杀。
tr	O	苏珊在他们身边感到莫名的自在，并且这为她赢得了巴茨小姐谨慎的赞扬。
tr	I	The play began , and in a moment Martin had passed around the cards .
tr	O	阿兰的恐惧现在又悄悄地回来了，而且这正是他所恐惧的时刻。
tr	I	She interrupts , but I open my mouth to protest .
tr	O	我感觉我失去了平衡，并且整个世界都离我远去。
tr	I	Financial stability often fostered the mental opposite , and the coastline brought money .
tr	O	她切换到最快的状态，并且一切又慢了下来。
tr	I	I covered my face with my hands , my shoulders shaking with my gasping sobs and tears spilled over my cheeks .
tr	O	他咧嘴笑了，但是我们之间的紧张气氛让他没有发表评论。
tr	I	There was no moving him , but I pushed against his chest to get some air .
tr	O	只剩下亚伦了，并且他看起来一点也不担心。
tr	I	Today its threats are not empty , but the Aether looked fierce last night .
tr	O	互联网瘫痪了，并且无法进行任何通讯。
tr	O	我们先吃点东西，而且 你可以告诉我关于那辆宾利车的事情。
tr	I	She slid back down its side almost immediately , but Boots was trying to climb out of the pit .
tr	I	He was so incredibly giving and he asked her for nothing .
tr	O	朱莉在每次自残时都发出尖叫，而且 伊桑上前阻止她的攻击。
tr	I	I could see the childhood racism in her eyes , and she took one look at us .
tr	I	I heard crunching in the lane , and I angled to lever my leg out .
tr	I	He 'd stick to it and he 'd made the deal .
tr	O	德国的投降已被正式接受，而且 这些妇女希望停止杀戮。
tr	I	He backed through the door into the lobby , and his fingers found only empty space .
tr	I	I nodded , knowing a physical touch from his father to me could send Jack right over the edge and my mom shook his hand again .
tr	O	艾薇儿还是可以的，而且 它是深红色的。
tr	O	吉米一直都是伴郎，而且 他早该拥有自己的指挥权了。
tr	O	朱莉把他从地上扶起来，而且 他将手臂环住她纤细的身体。
tr	I	She would water his bloodline and he was too great a Mage .
tr	I	She smelled like his own soap but he bent forward , inhaling her fresh scent .
tr	I	We 'll meet up and call in the morning .
tr	O	靠在城墙的垛口上，凝视着凯城。
tr	O	空气仍然很冷，而且 水像冰一样。
tr	O	我背部的肌肉放松了，但是胸部的肌肉似乎僵住了。
tr	O	我感到身后有股气息，并且我的呼吸停止了。
tr	I	My breath caught and his eyes flared .
tr	I	It was a half-hearted attempt so she didn 't let go until he yelled at her , but he tried to pull away from her .
tr	O	这个投影让我想起了很多内特的样子，但是我看到了他描述的那个黑色星星，它标志着我的与众不同。
tr	I	At least , I think she 's his ex , or Travis Murray is accused of hooking up with his ex-girlfriend .
tr	I	I could not take my eyes off them , but none of them looked me in the eye .
tr	O	他的脸之前一直都在阴影中，但是那个动作让他进入了窗户百叶窗透出的微弱光线中。
tr	I	She froze , and her eyes met mine .
tr	I	She didn 't have the strength to fight and her perfect little world was beginning to crumble around her .
tr	I	He lifted her easily to her feet and she took his hand .
tr	I	She wished she 'd never said a word and Smith didn 't say anything for a long moment .
tr	I	There 's still a slight tremor in my fingertips , but I 'm trying to stop my hand from shaking .
tr	O	哈伯德的手本能地伸向了他腰带上的一个小罐子，但是贝亚特丽丝阻止了他。
tr	O	一种丑陋的被遗弃的感觉在我内心涌起，并且这种感觉非常熟悉。
tr	O	她的手轻轻抚摸着我的胸口，并且该死，余韵与她在一起感觉真好。
tr	O	他会被追捕，但是他们要跨越星系追捕他会非常困难。
tr	O	乔纳森站在克莱尔一边，并且他们俩都不是赞恩的粉丝。
tr	O	这是一个陡峭的斜坡，而且水让它变得湿滑。
tr	O	她本该为此向那个男人道歉的，但是显然贝尔蒙特已经说了他觉得需要说的一切。
tr	O	我已经这样很久了，并且我看不到这在短期内会有任何改变。
tr	I	I nodded but I didn 't understand really .
tr	I	There were others coming to its aid and I shouted out that the creature was actually not alone .
tr	O	那些鼓舞人心的话对我的眼皮不起作用，并且它们沉重地合上了。
tr	O	我的心快要跳出胸膛了，并且我知道我脸红了。
tr	O	我差点没能高中毕业，并且我必须先上一年社区大学，然后才有任何大学会录取我。
tr	I	I was hungry and my feet hurt .
tr	I	Yet there was no answer and Danny 's home phone ran once , twice , then several times .
tr	I	I think I can make you happy , and I think you 're an amazing girl .
tr	O	天气越来越冷，而且尽管那个大型室外游泳池现在已经完工了，但没人敢进去。
tr	O	Gemma 出现了，并且她的手里有三本厚重的皮面书。
tr	O	我有一个可怕的时刻，我以为她会试图伤害我，但是她却开始以最明显的挑逗方式爱抚起来。
tr	I	I know for a fact that isn 't true , but it 's like he 's never heard the word before .
tr	I	Too quickly the reunion was over , and Time was not on our side .
tr	O	巴什解开了格蕾丝泳衣的扣子，并且她的手立刻伸向她的胸部。
tr	O	他指向房间角落里的一张软垫椅子，并且她坐了下来。
tr	I	He 'd waited this long to have his chance at her and T was as if the last years hadn 't existed .
tr	I	She wouldn 't discourage Bryan from doing what he thought was his duty , but Mrs. Perkins was probably sleeping .
tr	I	The fuel is leaking from so many places I can 't patch it and the thrusters won 't even relight .
tr	O	他们沿着楼梯走到三楼，并且丹在安德鲁的房间外停了下来。
tr	O	我把她安顿在床上，并且克莱尔拿出了她的睡衣。
tr	I	The stars were washed out behind the glare of stadium lights , but he glanced up at the sky .
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed as she made sense of the name , and confusion creased her forehead .
tr	I	They looked up , away from the fire and there was a sudden knock at the door .
tr	I	He 's right now , and he was right in the museum simulation .
tr	I	Once he noticed her , he couldn 't stop watching , but James wasn 't sure what had originally attracted his attention .
tr	I	The light was fading even further , and the sun was beginning to set .
tr	I	That wouldn 't help Eloise , and now he was jealous again .
tr	I	She couldn 't lift her head , but she heard someone enter the room .
tr	I	I couldn 't answer , couldn 't put forth the words explaining what I was doing , what I wanted and Air caught in my throat .
tr	I	I just didn 't care , but the ringtone kept blaring .
tr	O	他正把那把枪对准你，并且你不会有足够快的时间躲开。
tr	I	He didn 't see , but Alma smiled at him .
tr	O	麦科伊没想到会爱上她，但是事情还是发生了。
tr	O	我的意思是，你和琪兰想待在这儿吗？
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她的嘴唇因认出对方而微微张开。
tr	O	他知道她需要什么，并且他给了她。
tr	O	这不是我的钱，但是这仍然是一大笔。
tr	O	他修长的手指滑入我的衬衫下摆，并且当它们触碰到我的皮肤时我猛地一颤。
tr	I	You can go and give us the boy .
tr	I	In the histories it was the dragons , but in the stories , the knights triumphed .
tr	O	他的笑容消失了，并且他的嘴唇变薄了。
tr	I	Yet I dare not speak out against them , for fear of my life , and I am the Governor of this world .
tr	I	Doing drugs is bad , and Marijuana 's a drug .
tr	O	我觉得整个情况是她的主意，但是我在努力对这个女孩想得更积极。
tr	O	他没有转身，但是他确实停止了弹奏。
tr	I	They were astonished by its sharpness , and they had never seen metal before .
tr	O	他指向右边，并且霍伊再次带路。
tr	I	She could play it a whole lot better than all of them combined and well , fine , two could play this game .
tr	O	他漫不经心地说话，但是他的思绪飞转。
tr	O	她看着我，并且眉头愤怒地皱了起来。
tr	O	他已经向罗伊保证会帮助她，并且他会的。
tr	I	She knows now she can heal , and the doubt that 's haunted her , the self-hatred , eases slightly .
tr	I	She sounded annoyed and Lucky 's voice rose .
tr	O	生意萧条，并且她父亲关闭了他在美国各地一半以上的店铺。
tr	I	He thought she was asleep and she didn 't say anything for several moments .
tr	O	我试图用左手去抓栏杆，但是这个姿势太别扭了，无法保持平衡。
tr	I	It was a far cry from the worst living conditions I 've been in , but it wasn 't the Ritz .
tr	O	一个容易摔断脚踝的地方，但是我当时足够生气，顾不上这些了。
tr	O	这是你的王国，但是我认为排干沼泽可能会变成一项相当繁重的工作。
tr	O	我知道她的名字，并且仅此而已。
tr	I	Maybe it was just my imagination , or his gaze lingered on my face .
tr	I	Viper warily raised his hands in a gesture of peace , and there was nothing to read on the bronzed face .
tr	I	He 'd flinched , letting her know she 'd hit a target herself , but his eyes narrowed as they looked at her , still glacial .
tr	I	The desire pumping through him edged back just a little and he stiffened .
tr	O	那些小团体重新集合了，并且那些违心等待的人们的闲聊继续着。
tr	I	She pulled away from the wall , and she said as I backed off .
tr	O	马洛丽仍然漂浮在他面前，并且很难摆脱她的形象。
tr	O	满足感温暖了她的全身，并且她满意地笑了，惊叹于自己此刻是多么幸福。
tr	I	Hecate nodded and someone yelled .
tr	I	Mom began passing the food around and a few moments later we were all sitting at the table .
tr	O	最近的小屋里的一线光芒吸引了我的目光，并且加里走向主教的门。
tr	I	My back tenses up and a harsh voice calls out .
tr	I	There were obvious hints of fatigue in the coarseness of it but her voice was soft .
tr	I	She was getting more confused by the minute and she had no earthly idea what was going on .
tr	O	它把我带到了凡人世界，但是一切都是黑白的。
tr	O	他对此笑了，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	His stomach was burning and Everything looked good .
tr	I	My mom went back to Deerfield Beach , and the summer ended .
tr	I	He didn 't bother trying to flirt with me and I had nothing to say to Xavier .
tr	I	Karen managed to dodge , but Lea attacked with a right straight .
tr	O	如果他们意见不合，我看不出来，并且空气中没有任何明显的负面魔法。
tr	I	I crawled into the backseat , and he held open the door .
tr	I	Their eyes meet and he looks up from what he is doing .
tr	I	We have to win and this has to end .
tr	I	She shook her head angrily and Sarah 's blood pressure rose .
tr	O	Candace 显然试图坐起来，但是 Gabby 不乐意。
tr	O	Beth 朝窗外望去，Josh 和男孩们消失在小海湾。
tr	I	He gave it to me quickly , but his eyebrows pulled together in confusion .
tr	I	It 's almost like the car is driving itself , and then something loosens in the pedal .
tr	I	I immediately jumped off the golf cart and we pulled up at the pool shed .
tr	O	死木头在这里比森林里稀缺，并且搭起一个小火堆花了一些时间。
tr	O	一个在黑暗中的身影开始接近他们，并且突然一个低沉沙哑的声音从阴影中传出。
tr	I	You were a part of the original Serenity group , and you were an awesome mom to us both .
tr	O	一声呐喊穿过庭院，并且男人们向前涌去，渴望看到即将发生的冲突。
tr	I	She didn 't say no , either but Calla didn 't say yes .
tr	O	他没多想便跨过门槛，但是一股刺鼻的味道袭向他。
tr	I	For the hundredth time , I almost told her about Buck , and she frowned , thinking .
tr	O	这房子比我们旧的那个大得多，并且几乎没有足够的东西来填满它。
tr	O	他整晚都坐在脱衣舞俱乐部，并且他没喝酒？
tr	O	她以前很美，并且她现在依然美丽。
tr	O	一瞬间，这一切的现实触动了她的心，并且她无法呼吸，她的肺拒绝正常工作。
tr	O	法律不允许这样做，并且男爵们也不会接受。
tr	O	他穿着昨天的衣服，并且他希望自己没有。
tr	O	她又点了点头，并且他的表情放松了。
tr	O	在我自己成为一个重启者之前，我从未遇到过重启者，但是我 H 逃走了。
tr	O	他掏出一张名片，并且海雯小心翼翼地从他手中接过。
tr	I	Karen patted the sofa beside her and the TV went dark .
tr	O	我喘得太厉害了，我以为我的胸腔会炸开，但是我沿着墙继续走，直到我走到房子的后面。
tr	I	Something came shooting toward us and one of the guys in the SUV reached his hands out .
tr	O	我为了那三个女孩来的，但是后半部分对我来说有点乏味。
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but she couldn 't remember a thing about her life .
tr	O	另一波海浪将她吞没，但是她的眼睛却睁着，记录着水下瞬间的黑暗。
tr	O	他发出一声轻柔的叫声，并且我情不自禁地咧嘴笑了。
tr	I	Then she could make her way to the cemetery , and it would be night in another couple of hours .
tr	I	She was convinced that something needed to be done , but she didn 't have the courage to touch her .
tr	O	我知道我想要什么，并且我想要你。
tr	I	In his mind that was a good thing , but they hadn 't discussed last night .
tr	O	他应该不会走太远，但是对骑乘马来说你永远无法预料。
tr	I	My body swoons and my head swims .
tr	O	他们的连接太弱，只能传递一些印象，但是她明白了要旨。
tr	I	Panic that something untoward would befall him , and she was torn between gratitude that he was with her .
tr	I	I wasn 't able to keep silent and my curiosity got the best of me .
tr	O	大多数储物柜上都有某种形式的涂鸦，而且我也确实学到了一些新词汇。
tr	I	I forgot sometimes that she could see it whenever she wanted , but Lilia , in addition to her own email account , had access to mine .
tr	I	I almost fell asleep , and Fatigue was hitting hard .
tr	I	Grant stepped in and the door opened .
tr	O	我试图深吸一口气，但是胶带挡住了我。
tr	I	His eyes , his beautiful eyes , didn 't stray from her , and his hands clenched into fists again .
tr	O	我想移开视线，但是 我不能。
tr	O	顷刻间他的呻吟声变得更响了，并且 不久他就颤抖起来了。
tr	O	他会决定，并且 这事就会办成。
tr	I	It 's all too messy to make sense but my mind is trying to work it out .
tr	O	她在一个角落里发现了一个小签名，并出于好奇走近，想看看是谁创造了这样一个奇迹。
tr	I	Jo was content and things were good .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but she opened her mouth to speak .
tr	I	She had a hunch it probably had something to do with the fundamental uncertainty surrounding their relationship , but she wasn 't quite certain why .
tr	I	Given the circumstances they were understandable , but your intentions weren 't exactly honorable .
tr	O	他的嘴角因我一拳的冲击而流血了，并且 他的血，确实是银色的。
tr	O	娜迪亚想告诉弗莱恩一切都会好起来的，但是 她不想给她的朋友虚假的希望。
tr	O	她厌恶玩游戏，但是 她别无选择。
tr	I	It 's our job to teach you and you need to learn to control yourself .
tr	O	他是唯一一个见过我生气的人，并且 我知道他不喜欢我生气时的样子。
tr	O	艾德里安张开嘴想说话，并且我只能想象他会对做没有报酬的工作有什么评论。
tr	I	Both were just as shocked at what the man had done as Ashe was , and behind that man stood two others Ashe didn 't recognize .
tr	O	吉尔在他关门时抱怨着，但是他暂时忽略了她。
tr	O	传来一声嘶嘶声，并且她周围的空气变了。
tr	O	闪光消散了，并且什么也没剩下。
tr	I	He knew he 'd be coming a lot more to jump over the edge , and the rush was amazing .
tr	O	她的手上布满了绿色的血管，而且看起来几乎像是正在蜕皮。
tr	O	她中途遇到了他，并且在一声轻微的金属撞击声中，匕首与剑相交。
tr	I	I could hear a smile in her voice , but I couldn 't see her with my eyes on the road .
tr	O	星星在她眼前闪烁着，并且她弓起臀部，试图将他拉入自己体内。
tr	O	他怀疑地看了我一会儿，但是他什么也没说。
tr	I	She was afraid to get in that elevator , but she might be dressed like a confident professional .
tr	O	我是你的教练，并且这是我的计划。
tr	O	我喜欢海滩，但是爱着山脉。
tr	I	Staying here could provide problems I 'd rather not deal with and there was nothing more to be obtained tonight .
tr	O	这条信息很容易解码，并且他几乎在第一次阅读时就做到了。
tr	O	他的触感轻如猫爪的轻柔拍打，并且他的声音像黑丝绒一般。
tr	I	Tuck moved back toward the trees , and at last they seemed to reach an agreement .
tr	I	Now Zoe realized that Sam was also more than just a connection to his deceased sister and Sam was more than a blood tie to Ryan .
tr	I	It was something that the man felt very proprietary about , and something beyond a kiss had happened between the two .
tr	I	Their momentum slowed , and the water rose .
tr	I	My shoulders ached from holding my arms up to work , and my feet were growing blisters the size of my head .
tr	I	It 's obvious she can 't hear us , but I glance once at Laila .
tr	I	His hand tightened on the doorknob and he took in a sharp breath .
tr	O	我们不冷，但是毯子很舒适，尤其因为我们俩都没穿衣服。
tr	I	He knew it was his turn , but Lilith said something he barely heard .
tr	I	He walked to her or she moved to him .
tr	O	他的眼睛是红的，并且他的脸上沾满了泪痕。
tr	O	埃里克把头向后仰给我一个眼神，并且帕姆的脸放松成她平常的平淡光滑。
tr	I	He appeared to be somehow smal er , and his eyes didn 't seem quite as bright as usual .
tr	I	The place became a character in the play and the play was a product of the place .
tr	O	她跳了起来，但是我无法确定那是艾娃。
tr	I	Curiosity ended up getting the better of him , but Clay hesitated .
tr	O	他很帅气，是的，但是吸烟者确实让斯嘉丽很反感。
tr	O	幸运的是丽贝卡的父母帮忙了，并且在丽贝卡被送往县监狱之前我们把她保释出来了。
tr	O	他强忍着喉头的哽咽艰难地吞咽着，但是他勉强朝父母的方向挤出一个苍白的微笑。
tr	I	We all nodded , and she asked cheerily .
tr	I	I didn 't feel it was going anywhere either , but the bond between us had been hard to summon .
tr	I	I hoped a flush wouldn 't develop to reveal my lies , and my body felt like it rose a few degrees in temperature .
tr	I	The woman has stopped , but the man wants to keep walking .
tr	I	He waited for my answer and we stopped walking .
tr	O	我很快就感到舒服了，而且那可能不是一件明智的事情。
tr	I	He started to walk in circles with his sister , and Milton let her go .
tr	O	她看了一眼路面，并且她就知道了。
tr	O	去年他营收了七十万，但是出现了一些个人问题。
tr	O	你总是很晚才回来，并且，你知道吗，我们渐渐疏远了。
tr	I	Something didn 't seem right , but he didn 't know what to make of it .
tr	O	吸血鬼能够用他的木制手铐挡住她的剑，但是他没有做任何那样的事情。
tr	O	她忘了冷藏箱，但是她稍后还得把它带到场地去吃点心。
tr	O	他的下巴掉了下来，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	His eyes were twinkling , but with the scars on his face , it looked more like a grimace .
tr	O	我做好了最坏的打算，点击了播放，但是没有看到尸体，而是看到了一排排坐满了学生的木制座位。
tr	O	她的声音哽咽了，并且他的心沉了下去。
tr	I	It even scared me a bit and the whole thing reeked of mystery .
tr	O	本能驱使他再次吻她，并且就在他准备采取下一步行动时，她出其不意地主动了。
tr	O	她脱掉了高跟鞋，并且我担心她可能会伤到自己。
tr	I	Daddy produces a piece of cloth , and I sniff .
tr	O	我花了一点时间才明白，但是我明白了。
tr	O	她并不为伤害了他而感到抱歉，但是她因为那是她所能做的一切而感到崩溃。
tr	I	She would do her best to hold up her end of things , but she may have brought this trouble to Liam 's doorstep .
tr	I	I want to be a new creation , and Kelly is part of the old man .
tr	O	托特纳姆做了这个，并且切尔西做了那个，要是最后那次射门进了，我们就会是联赛榜首了。
tr	O	格蕾丝抬头看他，终于注意到他了，并且她的身体绷紧了，好像要跳起来一样。
tr	I	It was letting go , and there was only one option left .
tr	O	我不一定同意你的方法，但是我现在可以接受你为什么这么做了。
tr	O	一声吱呀声响起，并且斯宾塞又跳了起来。
tr	O	惊讶在塔纳的眼中闪过，但是他保持了沉默，谢天谢地。
tr	I	She went without fighting the strong compulsion , but a part of her brain analyzed that , how it could possibly be .
tr	O	这么多年来他们一起工作，他已经变成了一个老朋友，并且显然，他们的孩子是最好的朋友。
tr	I	He wasn 't there but I spun around quickly .
tr	I	If that was what she wanted , he would oblige , but he 'd meant to comfort her , not her father .
tr	I	Gray was still alive , but Elena showed no flicker of acknowledgment .
tr	I	She batted away his fingers , and he flicked her nose again .
tr	O	他希望这次他的直觉是对的，并且将军真的有麻烦了。
tr	I	He grinned , and his dark eyes glinted .
tr	I	Claire was content to pretend for now ... but it wasn 't the end at all .
tr	I	He wanted a chance to show off his skills and tonight he had a little trick that he had been perfecting for some weeks .
tr	I	Zane wanted to hold onto him for as long as he could , and his Ty seemed to be back , for now .
tr	O	我们当时在采石场的时候，我心智失常了，并且如果我让你陷入危险，我很抱歉。
tr	O	他为大家点了轮酒，并且他们又开始了一局游戏。
tr	O	疲惫的男人们欢迎这种变化，并且很快他们就在熊熊炉火前暖脚了。
tr	O	这架喷气式飞机做出了一个表态，并且那是一个大胆的。
tr	I	This sounded like a mystery , and I was nothing if not inquisitive .
tr	I	It wasn 't my fault , and it wasn 't a choice .
tr	I	When she was finished , it was practically alive and she could lay down a mural on a wall .
tr	O	她的气味让我抓狂，并且我开始勃起了。
tr	O	Sye 疑惑地看着她，但是 Eris 只是摇了摇头。
tr	I	When she saw Shane rushing toward her , happiness seemed to explode within her , and Olivia jumped to her feet .
tr	O	我知道是的，但是我必须确认。
tr	O	他一生中见过许多美丽的女人，但是 Tamara 有些特别之处。
tr	I	It touched the clouds of smoke with light that the smoke made bright red , and the winter sun was going down off to the west .
tr	I	I could pay for that , but it needed some renovation .
tr	I	I have made him mine , but I didn 't want to be his dirty little secret .
tr	O	我们一起进去，或者她就没有机会了。
tr	O	我的眼睛灼热，并且我的视线模糊了。
tr	I	Now Art slows , but we 've been moving at a constant speed .
tr	O	然后埃菲轻拍我的肩膀，并且我走进了寒冷的冬日阳光中。
tr	I	I 'm beginning to wish he would leave again , but I know this is his house .
tr	O	汤米对进入变暗的树林犹豫不决，但是由于他别无选择，他继续前行。
tr	O	支架有助于血流，但是对你而言这只是一个临时解决方案。
tr	I	Sand blew across Shapiro 's boots , and the ground shifted underneath them again .
tr	I	The flow sped up and I punched the circle again .
tr	O	他对她的渴望从未停止，并且这开始让他感到非常恼火。
tr	I	I could see people behind me , even if their faces weren 't visible , but the photo was centered on me .
tr	I	I can tell he is attempting to excuse Parliament for its actions , and Anthony was at a loss for words .
tr	I	You wanted to do it , and it seemed easier to let you handle all the details because of my schedule .
tr	I	He said nothing , but his face darkened .
tr	I	He was doing more work there now that he had some time off , but usually he just spent Saturday mornings in his welding shed .
tr	I	Sheen finally agreed to forgive him for not coming to rescue him , but it took Jimmy twenty minutes .
tr	O	会有疤痕，但是你会痊愈的。
tr	O	我们已经点好餐，并且正在品尝一款不错的2008年南非梅洛，一种来自西部省份的果味红葡萄酒。
tr	I	He searched the few that were still open , but most businesses were closed .
tr	I	He 's the quarterback , and it 's his senior year .
tr	O	赛昂人坐在沙滩上，并且他们的眼睛非常缓慢地转动着，同时他们连接着矩阵。
tr	I	I pulled back , still keeping my grip on her throat , but she tried to kick me in the face .
tr	O	一条绳梯通向地面，但是一块石板挡住了出口。
tr	O	他笑了，但是它却缺乏一切使其像人的东西。
tr	O	这让我想起了什么，但是我却想不起来是什么。
tr	I	He stepped forward with a look of pure steel in his eyes and he rapidly flung his arm out to his side .
tr	O	接着他的手放在了她的身体上，并且她就完全停止了思考。
tr	I	She did feel astonishingly helpless , but she didn 't feel personally threatened .
tr	I	You will only reproduce with your own kind and your lifespan is reduced to two hundred years .
tr	O	出租车在瓦妮莎家门前放我下车，并且我一按门铃她就开了门。
tr	I	He gripped the railing on the balcony , and Vac answered with a steadfast glare .
tr	O	他坐直了一些，并且他眼中的神情让我的心跳加速。
tr	O	她父亲不知道，并且她也不知道。
tr	I	I squinted to see my com lying on the ground , and Officer Mayer 's voice was distant this time .
tr	O	你当然会被要求教学，但是最重要的是你会被要求发表文章。
tr	I	I knew my bikini bottoms would come off next , and his greedy gaze roamed over me .
tr	I	She let out a yelp of pain and he leaned towards one .
tr	I	You expect that I attend Lady McCabe at her time and you 've taken me from my home to care for your brother .
tr	O	席卷而来的风暴已经把许多树刮松了，并且那种奇怪的、扭曲的坠落彻底完成了让它们倾倒的工作。
tr	I	By then they were both naked , but the camera then faded to black .
tr	I	This was made worse in college , and she was never noticed in High School .
tr	I	He knew just the incentive Matthias needed to succeed at his last mission and he saw Matthias for what he was ; a valuable asset .
tr	I	His lips tightened and her lips parted in surprise .
tr	O	我不纵容暴力，但是我不能冒着进一步泄露布莱克底牌的风险。
tr	I	Mr. Wong knew how to put on a spread and they had grown tired of the same old diet .
tr	O	我不能要求你感同身受，并且那没关系。
tr	I	Now he was seeing it through and Rick had planned the ultimate revenge .
tr	I	He 'd worked hard on updating the bathroom , and the appliances were all new .
tr	O	她生命中唯一的一次一夜情，并且她还得选错人。
tr	O	妮可犹豫了，但是她信任的朋友们的目光沉重地落在她身上。
tr	I	He sighed in relief , and a wan light went on as he descended the stairs .
tr	O	她心里有什么东西触动了，并且佐伊决定不再装好人了。
tr	O	那些家伙出现后，生意大幅好转，并且我再也没有时间去和丹尼调情了。
tr	I	He reached for his marker and she had just reminded him of something he 'd always wanted to do .
tr	O	那些幻觉真是个大麻烦，但是我至少知道发生了什么。
tr	I	The magic was still strong , and now those mysteries were coming out of the mist once more .
tr	O	我可能看起来不是最精明的人，但是当涉及到关键的时候，我不会乱来。
tr	O	也许克洛伊不慎走了致命的弯路，而且她这次是彻底死了，就在魔鬼峰山脚下。
tr	I	Together the two detectives went back inside and Stuart opened the door .
tr	O	她讨厌惹他生气，但是她还有一个最后一个问题。
tr	O	赛斯以为自己坠入爱河了，但是他不确定那意味着什么。
tr	I	I realize I must contain my fervour to the few , but I wish I could help everybody .
tr	I	I inhale , and I slide down the refrigerator until my butt meets the floor .
tr	O	他试图把一切都抛诸脑后，但是所有的事情一下子都困扰着他。
tr	O	凯登的手臂从我身上放下，并且他后退了一步。
tr	O	在迈阿密，高尔夫职业选手从来不缺女人，但是甚至连巴兹都对她们的条件印象深刻。
tr	I	This night he was booked for dinner with an old friend from school , but most nights Jesse went straight home to his empty house .
tr	I	I turned my head swiftly to take a better look and something caught my eye .
tr	O	你可能会觉得饱了，但是那是一种冰冷的饱。
tr	O	他的声音很平稳，但是他的手感觉在颤抖。
tr	O	我们最终抵达了目的地，并且我跳下了车。
tr	I	Anna blushed and Jo winked .
tr	I	She was ready and he was gorgeous .
tr	O	我的瑜伽日常让我保持灵活，但是我尊重我身体的局限。
tr	O	我的双腿在我身下颤抖，并且我竟然能保持站立简直是个奇迹。
tr	O	劳伦转过身，并且他屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	When I found her doing the same thing , we laughed , and I looked over at her from the corner of my eyes .
tr	O	它确实要多花一点钱，但是像这种时候钱又算什么呢？
tr	O	他疲惫地倒下，但是有力的手臂支撑着他。
tr	O	奶奶说她年轻的时候情况很糟，但是她说的好像大部分问题都解决了。
tr	O	米拉有人在追她，而且他们俩都是被标记的奴隶。
tr	O	恐惧让她却步，但是还有别的东西。
tr	I	He could hardly breathe around it , and a lump lodged in his throat .
tr	I	They milled around too much for me to be sure , but a few players looked familiar .
tr	O	她脚踝里的滚珠轴承滚动了，并且那只沉重的脚落了下来。
tr	O	斯蒂尔为她感到担心，而且她不能责怪他。
tr	I	It is worrisome , but no one does .
tr	I	Now he 's a copyright lawyer , but there 's this guy , Brad -- I met him in a philosophy class .
tr	O	大地凡尘羁绊的重力将我们一直向下，向下，向下地拽，而且我们此后几乎没有恢复过来。
tr	I	After a moment , she nodded , but Bria 's face tightened with worry .
tr	I	It was pointed at me , and he had his pistol in his mitt .
tr	I	She 'd been just as excited as he had but she was still furious with him .
tr	I	Most of the leaves were already on the ground and it was late October .
tr	O	疼痛使她腹部痉挛，但是她还能指望什么呢？
tr	O	城堡镇的居民仍然受到贬低，而且一个人离城门越远，这个王国的居民就越不安。
tr	O	我们的女服务员在拍了拍布雷克的肩膀之前，对他耳语了几句，并且他笑了。
tr	I	He lost his balance and Leo 's focus broke .
tr	O	上校在他们抵达尽头小屋时正在等候，并且汉斯突然知道他不会回家了。
tr	O	显然他没有认出她，但是他长得和托马斯一模一样。
tr	I	Mike leaned toward her , and the musician eased into another song .
tr	I	I stop him , but Mr Fletcher starts climbing over the railing .
tr	O	我们大多数人依靠少数几位伟大天才的遗产而生存，但是这并非我真正的意思。
tr	O	我们无法干预那段历史事件，但是我们可以多少减轻其后果。
tr	I	Panic swept through my stomach like a turbulent storm , and then I turned towards the entrance , walking through the electric doors .
tr	O	我爱他，但是他从未告诉我他爱我。
tr	O	她力大无穷，并且她轻易地把他推到一边。
tr	I	She wasn 't going to give up that easily and Maggie was like a dog with a bone though .
tr	I	From the bared chest , it looked like he was wearing nothing underneath , but the man wore the same coveralls as Chin .
tr	O	当他颤抖着结束后，她再次瘫软下来，并且他仰面躺在她身旁，他的阴茎仍在跳动。
tr	I	I just shake my head , and Josh doubles over with laughter .
tr	I	He fastens the bracelet around my wrist , and I hold my left wrist out .
tr	O	我分享了我的背景信息，并且史黛西证实了我所说的话。
tr	I	Now , it made her skin tight with discomfort , but she didn 't mind the touch when they were dancing .
tr	O	你从那边过来的，并且他们没有开枪打你！
tr	O	厌恶感席卷了我，并且我紧紧抓住了它。
tr	O	现在已是上午时分，并且天气正在变热。
tr	I	It lit only ten paces in front of him , but his helmet carried a beam torch .
tr	O	我一路回家都在强推这个问题，但是他没有让步。
tr	O	详述雷对霍顿销售情况的电子表格和雷的银行记录显示了匹配的存款。
tr	O	我感到胃里有恶心的灼烧感，并且它像形成中的瘀伤一样疼痛。
tr	O	是的，她本想说，但是回答卡在了她的喉咙里。
tr	O	我知道他仍然能听到每一个字，但是我很感激他给我们留出空间的举动。
tr	O	她需要一个关系，并且他当选了。
tr	I	Now he seemed plainly to know the hard answer : see it through , and he cried again .
tr	O	她对我眨眼，并且我看得出她在努力不哭。
tr	O	他需要和她谈谈，但是现在不是时候。
tr	I	Her heart was racing , and she couldn 't breathe .
tr	I	I had kept my love for drawing a secret from Mr. Ball , as a kindness , and I was no singer .
tr	I	They stuck at it until the hollow finally tapered away into nothing , but it was not particularly comfortable .
tr	I	Then returned , fearing I might not again find the wooden platform , but I took ten paces away from where I 'd laid .
tr	O	她的生活正走向一条她十天前还会觉得不可能的道路，但是她怀着的宝宝改变了一切。
tr	I	Your mother selflessly saved him from the eternity of imprisonment , and all innkeepers owe him a debt of gratitude .
tr	O	当我改变时你还是一只狼，并且本该是反过来的。
tr	O	她想知道他们为什么没有结婚，但是很明显他在回避那个问题。
tr	O	我把她放到床上，并且她咯咯地笑了。
tr	O	她没有哭，但是她母亲的心依然牵挂着她。
tr	O	她灵巧地绕着他移动，并且他行动更加自如。
tr	O	他自从名声衰落后就变得腼腆了，并且地位的下降让他难以寻觅。
tr	I	We have to be sent after the enemy , and we live by a structured set of rules .
tr	I	She was sure he was remembering and he was silent for several moments .
tr	O	朱利安没有动，并且她不在乎。
tr	I	Lee nodded , and asked Cloud .
tr	I	She didn 't move , but I poked her shoulder .
tr	O	莉琪皱了皱眉，并且她的脸亮了起来。
tr	O	我不想看起来太正式，但是我又想给人留下好印象。
tr	I	She worked cheap and she was clean .
tr	O	并不是说他们很有吸引力，但是锈钉酒馆的顾客们不挑剔。
tr	I	She kept glancing at the door , and she hadn 't said anything since we got here .
tr	O	我不是故意要让它听起来像调情，但是它确实是。
tr	O	莫顿会是个挑战，但是他会为一位新剧作家提供很棒的经验。
tr	O	当我们目光相遇时，她眼神空洞，并且我们在彼此的陪伴中保持沉默。
tr	I	I was tempted to let it take its course without me , and I had an ominous sense of the way the night was going .
tr	I	Actions proved more furtive , but it was easy to speak great words .
tr	O	这并非她以前没见过他，并且如果他不介意，她就不应该介意。
tr	O	它不会好转，并且它也不会消退。
tr	I	Jeff remained unimpressed , but her brisk tone was meant as a warning .
tr	I	I am determined to never need anything more from him beyond this drive , and we already have a bargain .
tr	O	也许是你尚未检测出的某种东西，并且你正在对它产生某种不良反应。
tr	I	Theo tried it and Tim showed him how to do this on his own guitar .
tr	O	他们正在寻找皇室血脉，但是我不知道为什么。
tr	O	那个地方非常寒冷，并且他们脖子上围着围巾来抵御寒冷。
tr	O	他是真实的，并且我很欣赏这一点。
tr	O	每个人都点了点头，并且我们分开了。
tr	O	奥利维亚生气地补充道，并且我们默默地走着。
tr	O	我们会确保你有食物，并且我们会帮你盖一间小屋。
tr	I	The wind had picked up and the storm was still overhead .
tr	I	She smiled at him and his gaze held hers .
tr	I	I stood there for a moment before going in and he tapped on a door .
tr	I	It will be left there forever , flapping on the sharp leaves and if you walk through holly bushes , your shadow can get caught .
tr	O	疼得好像有什么东西刺进了我的胃，并且我正一点点地把刀拔出来。
tr	O	我能感觉到亨利在我身后的凝视，但是我没有转身。
tr	O	不，我会回家，但是我认识上面有人可能能够提供帮助。
tr	I	His wife is a little stingy with him , and he goes out of town a lot .
tr	O	她是人类，并且这是被禁止的。
tr	O	这将会是一场斗争，但是我们都会习惯的。
tr	O	夜风变得刺骨，并且我穿着夹克瑟瑟发抖。
tr	I	The wave seemed to sweep Keller right into Galen 's arms , and then the crowd was thundering applause even louder than before .
tr	O	这并非真的一个问题，但是我需要它被确认。
tr	O	这会很恶心，但是我已派人去取茴香酒了。
tr	I	Instead she began to run faster , but Garrett called for her to stop .
tr	I	Her heart skipped a beat , and her entire body went boneless .
tr	I	I pulled it back , but Calvin tried one last time to hold my hand .
tr	I	Nicky propped himself against the wall to watch Neil and Aaron went ahead of them to the water fountain .
tr	I	She could not let that show , but her insides were a black pit .
tr	O	我想看爸爸一眼，但是我忍住了。
tr	O	我的手疼得厉害，并且我的思绪开始飘向远方。
tr	O	阿南西挠了挠下巴，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	O	他因为表亲的法令而没有训斥斯蒂芬妮，并且他转向了本·亚当斯。
tr	I	You never broke , but I sensed the violence within .
tr	I	I suddenly regretted saying the words that were best guaranteed to do so , and I didn 't want him to push me away .
tr	I	Her hand stopped somewhere close to her nose , but at first I thought she was reaching up to scratch on itch on her eyebrow .
tr	I	Every time I talk to her , her eyes remind me of leaves and she 's got hair that 's the same color as our red mailbox .
tr	I	No one was manning the lookout and the small building those of the Red had occupied had been destroyed .
tr	O	门开了，并且托比亚斯半身探了进来，门将他的身体一分为二。
tr	O	刀刃划过他的喉咙时，他的眼睛睁大了，但是他没有发出声音。
tr	I	His stomach dropped and he read the name on the birth certificate .
tr	O	他曾经历过更糟的，并且没有什么能让他远离瑞秋。
tr	O	苏珊·亨特系列小说不是你典型的悬疑小说，并且苏珊也不是你典型的侦探。
tr	O	我在镜子里瞪着他，并且他咯咯地笑了。
tr	I	I turned to him and Sam gasped .
tr	O	外面一直在下雪，并且埃莉只能推测詹妮在外面站了一段时间，因为她浑身湿透了。
tr	I	I was just a blur and the next light was green .
tr	I	I already felt like I didn 't belong , and I guess because I thought it was like a normal initiation .
tr	I	We scrambled through it , Mookie first and finally the opening was large enough .
tr	O	那轻率的言论比任何事情都更让茉莉烦恼，但是安布罗斯警官已经敲门了。
tr	O	火焰追着我跑到门口，并且我能感觉到热量从它们散发出来。
tr	I	He felt so betrayed and he was so hurt .
tr	O	她桌上的计时器响了，并且沃伦医生又对我笑了。
tr	O	埃齐奥把他的朋友带进屋里，并且他们坐了下来。
tr	I	I took a step back and he took a step closer .
tr	O	可能是杰克的想象，但是他似乎有点跛行。
tr	I	She doesn 't know which are real , but now Julia has a head full of memories .
tr	I	When she turns to see him , loose strands of her short hair blow over her eyes , and her arm brushes his .
tr	O	他们正在吃腐烂的肉，并且他们都闻起来像那样。
tr	O	那个角落很暗，并且我踩到了一个吱吱作响的玩具。
tr	O	他曾以为会很好，但是他没想到会是这样。
tr	O	她把手提包紧紧抱在身上，并且她站了起来。
tr	I	She zipped it up , and in record time the dress went over her head .
tr	I	Then the pleasure she couldn 't hide , and he saw the surprise first .
tr	O	她永远不会正常，并且她永远听不到她以前认为理所当然的事情。
tr	O	莱利比我高很多，但是我一点也没有被吓倒。
tr	O	我试图把他从我身上推开，但是他把我的手按在了头顶上方。
tr	I	He is not watching the game , but I look at Pop in disbelief .
tr	I	As I recall , the lifts don 't work , and the rest of the building is an artistic nightmare .
tr	I	He slowly kissed is way up my thigh , working his way closer to my core and his head lowered .
tr	I	Rourke let me go reluctantly and I took a step forward .
tr	I	He pushed it back , but he felt a twinge of guilt for lying to her .
tr	O	她的论点是他多年来一直听到的那些，并且坦率地说，他不想再听了。
tr	I	It just never worked out for her but she had tried to get herself into other relationships .
tr	I	The plan stopped short before he could even suggest it , but he imagined her protests only aiding his cause .
tr	I	He heard nothing , but holding his breath , he strained to listen for the outcome of that fight .
tr	I	Some of the feeling had returned to my hands , and she sounded a bit like her old self .
tr	I	He slowed the car , taking it all in , and there was a peaceful beauty to the coastal lowlands .
tr	I	Others were carried out and some were limping out of the court .
tr	O	我用手掌捂住嘴，而且我的眼睛因尴尬而睁大了。
tr	O	我没有认出那个声音，但是我不需要。
tr	I	Joe could even be correct and it wasn 't that important .
tr	I	I 've been trying to hold on for 17 years and I know because I was tossed right off the edge .
tr	I	Slung it over my shoulder and I picked my bag off the floor .
tr	I	I had never seen her hair undyed , but we have known each other for years .
tr	I	I didn 't hear her but Mae was talking to me .
tr	I	He will decide what to do with you and Tonight 's events will be displayed for him without bias .
tr	O	她爬向树枝的边缘，并且正当她伸向窗户时，树枝开始断裂。
tr	I	It will look like he had a stroke and zap his brain a few times with electricity .
tr	I	Talon was sure there was meaning behind the name , and he smiled at some hidden thought .
tr	O	我刚刚度过了我那令人畏惧的四十岁生日，并且我感觉自己身体状况前所未有的好。
tr	I	He could see that the little candle had long since burned itself out , but it surprised him that he had fallen asleep .
tr	I	Mostly it is all about intention , but it takes a lot of practice .
tr	O	我很好奇那会是什么，但是回程的路需要我全部的注意力。
tr	I	It didn 't work ... but I drank from them .
tr	O	严谨的节奏不鼓励交谈，但是温斯顿偶尔会哲思。
tr	I	She 's a good person , but I meant it when I said I don 't love her .
tr	O	你是铁血女王的兄弟，而且你知道如何阻止妖精进入。
tr	I	He knew she was close and her panting became more frantic .
tr	O	他犹豫了，而且尽管他的话语带着幽默，他的眼睛却没有表达出同样的情绪。
tr	O	更强的气系法师实际上可以改变空气的温度，但是诺兰却几乎无法在室温方向上操纵几度。
tr	O	整个夜晚都弥漫着一种恰如其分的感觉，并且赛琳娜知道她身处她本应在的地方。
tr	I	Now that we had our instructions , all we had to do was carry them out , and all of the prophecies were now in place .
tr	O	她强撑着最后一点镇定，而且尼古拉斯的反应震惊了她。
tr	O	他的口中爆出獠牙，并且他的指甲开始变长。
tr	I	Lying awake in bed was worse still , and hanging around the loft didn 't appeal to me .
tr	I	Unable to identify the reason but she walked along the structure 's perimeters , certain something had brought her to this place .
tr	O	当他们经过时，他点了点头，并且克莱尔停下脚步打招呼。
tr	I	He was pretty certain it was more than observation , but Max wasn 't sure .
tr	I	He had unlocked the lace before I did but I tried to snatch it from him .
tr	O	我不需要一个男人才能感到快乐，但是我喜欢结识更多田纳西人的想法。
tr	O	恶魔毒害了她的妹妹，是的，但是接着，莱拉却没有反击。
tr	O	她给了他一个闪烁着恶意的眼神，并且她没有再次扑向他，反而向上冲去。
tr	O	他认为他体重减轻主要是因为过去几年长身体，但是他猜测自己在隆普区域的游荡也起到了一定作用。
tr	I	He 'd hesitated too long , and he hadn 't expected to lock up like this .
tr	I	He just hung on the line , breathing , not saying anything , but Liam waited for Julian to end the conversation .
tr	O	他碰了我的胸部，并且他的手沾满了血。
tr	O	浴室的门开了，并且我之前听到的那个女人走了出来。
tr	I	He keeps pulling it off , but it 's loosely wrapped in a bandage .
tr	I	Her breath rushed over my lips and her legs brushed against my thighs .
tr	O	他冲她咧嘴一笑，但是夏延几乎没有注意到。
tr	I	The town has not , but the zones have fallen .
tr	I	She made no protest , but he felt her flinch .
tr	O	我绊倒了，不小心把太多重量压在膝盖上，并且剧痛让我措手不及。
tr	O	在公共建筑内吸烟是违反加利福尼亚州法律的，并且她也绝不会站在外面。
tr	I	There was nothing there , but I spun around , remembering there were more wild animals in the swamp than furry ones .
tr	I	She followed me , but she sounded surprised .
tr	O	加文咆哮着，并且安柏咯咯地笑了。
tr	I	His body reacted instantly to her beauty and Sam watched her walk into the room .
tr	O	我无法想象为什么我不能而他能。
tr	I	Soon Enzo begins talking again , and I wait for a moment .
tr	I	They didn 't budge but he tried to wrench his arm out of the person 's grip .
tr	I	She had to attend to her life at the farm , and Pa would be at home , probably sick with worry .
tr	I	I put my hands on my stomach and a shaky breath hit my lungs .
tr	I	Victoria did manage , but those two syllables were difficult to bring forth .
tr	O	那种刺痛出现了，并且我意外地发现自己笑了。
tr	I	She had a client coming in shortly , and she needed to focus on what mattered .
tr	I	Then is unduly harsh , and he indulges the boy .
tr	I	They had made this fire to say goodbye , and this was the last night they would stay here .
tr	I	She was mightily pissed off , but being diplomatic would be wiser .
tr	O	安妮分发了剩下的食物，并且男人们坐在一起，而三个女人则走到树下休息。
tr	O	他无法与她对视，并且他听到了自己困惑的呜咽声。
tr	O	我的手心开始出汗，并且我命令它们停止。
tr	O	自历史黎明以来，女性就一直穿着这种服装，并且她们现在仍穿着它们进入世界的舞厅。
tr	O	父亲对他的孩子拥有权利，并且阿里对强制执行这些权利毫无顾虑。
tr	O	她很漂亮，并且她很好。
tr	O	塔拉的问题听起来足够天真，但是丽兹心知肚明。
tr	I	Royston shook his head and both men chuckled .
tr	O	她很少能负担得起去澡堂，但是香水让她每晚的头发闻起来焕然一新——这是我们做出的最昂贵的投资。
tr	I	It couldn 't last forever , but it was only because he 'd been at the Seminary for so long that he could endure like this .
tr	O	杰克在我们年轻时追求我的记忆让我感到一阵悲伤，但是我点了点头。
tr	O	我的第一个想法是恶魔正在发起攻击，但是他们似乎没有注意到我们。
tr	I	They 'll happen again , but these disasters are terrible .
tr	O	他走了因为他需要帮助，并且他没有得到。
tr	O	这次访问非常成功，并且我们所有人都能松一口气了。
tr	O	我在搬进这间公寓的时候收到了他几封邮件，并且他坚持要帮忙。
tr	O	她又笑了笑，但是另一个双胞胎姐妹戳了她。
tr	O	他向她的桌子示意，并且她跟随着他的动作，然后将目光重新锁定在他身上。
tr	I	Some say the descendants still live , but their names were lost as well .
tr	O	放走杰夫，并且带着微笑去做，这耗尽了我所有的内在力量。
tr	O	他们没有忽略她，并且他们毕竟还是完成了工作。
tr	I	Marco was not one of first refusal to surrender , but anyone that looks would have given up .
tr	I	He cautioned himself not to be too sure of that , but he hoped the translation achieved some degree of accuracy .
tr	I	I let him come and Edward runs around the car at me .
tr	O	这变得无法忍受，并且我开始对抗他的每一种感觉！
tr	I	The wedding is to follow immediately and the betrothal contract will be signed .
tr	I	We are getting close , but it isn 't quite a slam dunk yet .
tr	I	He wouldn 't even be there to hold her and Lubna was going to die .
tr	O	她不记得脖子被抚摸过，并且那种感觉是如此陌生，如此愉悦，她因此静止不动了。
tr	I	She swallowed as if with fear , and her gaze darted back to him .
tr	I	He seems to feel it 's his personal mission to trivialize our relationship at every turn , but my brother doesn 't dislike Ezra .
tr	I	The pain of his absolute humiliation was far greater than any physical pain could have been - but it could not even bruise him .
tr	I	It 's exactly how I 've felt it and I see her emotions as I lay out each piece of this weekend .
tr	O	我问，并且即使我对第二部分说的是实话，我听起来也比我本想的更具说服力。
tr	I	I still had no idea what we were doing , and Friday came around .
tr	I	They would be back as soon as they could , and Will was certain he had went to get Mom .
tr	O	最终莉莉讲完了，并且他们沉默地走了一会儿。
tr	I	She looked like she was seconds away from throwing something and her face was bright red with fury .
tr	I	The streetlights disappeared and the road narrowed .
tr	I	It 's just me or I wonder if it 's really warm in this house .
tr	I	The toilet has been backed up for days , and the water tastes funny , when we even have water .
tr	O	她不想对那个男孩无礼，但是他的出现让她警觉，那份关注令人不安。
tr	I	She was lovely , but Laila was fair .
tr	O	太阳比他预想的要早落山，并且他因为迟到了而赶时间。
tr	O	我有一百万个问题，而且你一直不在身边回答任何一个。
tr	I	The monster grabbed him but he turned to run .
tr	I	I am here to tell you that being popular is awesome , and I 've seen the other side of things back in Flint .
tr	O	埃里克把手放在脑后，并且我发现自己把他比作托林。
tr	O	我母亲口述了号码，并且我记下了。
tr	I	They each smiled , and Nadia 's eyes met Mateo 's .
tr	I	Then the guy came out here , and got shot in Dallas , almost died tracking a perp .
tr	I	The crowd isn 't more refined , but the partying may be in nicer places .
tr	O	她并没有真正回报这份好意，但是我仍然爱她。
tr	O	她知道自己身处悬崖边缘，而且哪怕最轻微的风声也会把她推下去。
tr	I	Nothing seemed broken , but he hurt everywhere .
tr	O	他仍然不明白它说了什么，但是他知道这表明他是一位一流的巫师。
tr	I	Like a little lap dog , Toby went along with whatever Megan wanted and she made the first advances .
tr	I	Her chocolate hair had been pulled into two pigtails that curled at the ends and her chubby fist was shoved into her mouth .
tr	I	They rode off together toward all things unknown , and then she grabbed Mikey 's hand , climbed on the horse with him .
tr	O	我听不见他们在说什么，但是他们的手在他们之间比划着。
tr	O	伊丽莎白悄悄地靠近他，并且他用手臂搂住了她。
tr	O	验尸官报告说她的血确实被抽干了，但是它没有被吸走。
tr	I	She beat him often and Kara was better at basketball than he was .
tr	I	She didn 't want to hold Shadow up , but Pandora wanted to ask if she was ok .
tr	O	他的注意力都集中在他正在操作的控制台上，并且他没有听到汉娜靠近。
tr	O	我想起了希望、晚餐和那些女人，但是它们都显得非常遥远。
tr	I	They kick , and they stink .
tr	I	This brought our little party to a halt and a loud crashing noise sounded somewhere .
tr	O	就像我是一条眼镜蛇，并且他是一只老鼠。
tr	I	His eyes narrowed and Nick 's jaw tightened .
tr	O	我们没有互相撕扯对方的衣服，并且你也没有癫痫发作。
tr	I	I only heard you are a fuzzy fruit , but I think he meant it as a compliment .
tr	O	她听到一声咔嗒声，并且立刻，煤气壁炉中燃起了明亮的火焰。
tr	I	He did just take out the sniper for us but I wasn 't sure if we could trust him .
tr	I	They followed him and Zachary started walking .
tr	I	The same was true of most towns , but a couple of companies had large headquarters here .
tr	I	Sounds from the stable indicated that someone was saddling horses for them , and both of them were armed .
tr	O	格雷戈里抬起一只手，并且布单滚到了一边。
tr	O	他的誓言让我泪涌双眼，然而他却在不知情的情况下伤害了我。
tr	I	I was looking forward to that , and I had a vacation coming up .
tr	I	Again she reached out to touch his arm , and their eyes met , holding for a beat .
tr	I	He knew very well what would happen if she was pregnant with his child , but he didn 't know exactly what she meant by that .
tr	O	话又说回来，他把门开着，并且我们的声音也不是很低。
tr	O	他是一只很棒的狗，训练有素，很有礼貌，并且他听话得异乎寻常。
tr	O	他意识到她说的很多话都是真的，但是她看起来真是该死的漂亮。
tr	I	I hoped suddenly it was just because of my appearance , and it dawned on me , a little slowly , that he was laughing at me .
tr	I	There had been no others around and it had been a spring day .
tr	O	它们是卢克以前对陌生人说过上千次的话，但是这一次，每一句都是他自己的金玉良言。
tr	O	她的眼睛继续扫描着监控摄像头，但是楼梯间很干净。
tr	I	She saw nothing in his eyes except concern , and he studied her .
tr	I	Her husband is so-so but he isn 't crazy about Kim .
tr	O	塔克每次都能纠正它，但是那带来了一次可怕的经历。
tr	O	那个名字让他立刻精神起来，并且他露出一个傻气的灿烂笑容。
tr	O	我想要看它，而且我又不想要看。
tr	O	现场有强大的安保，但是他仍然觉得让她在自己的视线范围内更安心。
tr	O	我抱起双臂，耸了耸肩，试图找回我在荒野中磨砺出的坚韧。
tr	I	I didn 't stand a chance , but I was able to rip several hearts out .
tr	I	Her stride altered and her muscles thickened .
tr	O	他可能想走到她身后，但是他没有动。
tr	I	He looked alright , but his head was bandaged up .
tr	O	我过去几周一直在观察她，并且我没见她做过除了个人护理之外的任何事情。
tr	O	一架金属梯子被固定在开口的侧面，并且我数了十级梯级，直到它消失在下方的黑暗中。
tr	O	我不想要那样，但是我真是太糟糕了。
tr	I	It only made me feel worse , and his tone was still void of emotion .
tr	I	I notice they are wearing letter jackets and looking around , some of the bigger boys are smiling .
tr	O	艾欧娜假装在厨房里忙碌，并且妮可的朋友们怂恿妮可去接听。
tr	O	他的眼睛很狂野，但是当他触摸我时，它是温柔的。
tr	I	The belated fog began to rise , and the sun dropped into the sea .
tr	O	一股冲击震动了飞船，并且我跌跌撞撞，抓着墙壁寻求支撑。
tr	O	亚历克的亲生父亲多年没和他住在一起了，但是亚历克知道他父亲在哪里。
tr	I	Anyone who would steal them away was my enemy , and my duty was to the children inside me .
tr	I	His eyes got wide , and Neal turned to her .
tr	I	As we got closer , Alcide cursed , and together we took the brick sidewalk that led from the drive to the front door .
tr	I	Maryellen invented a convenient excuse , and several people asked about Jon .
tr	O	我无法移开视线，并且我其实也不想。
tr	I	He stumbled backward , and his eyes fluttered .
tr	I	It didn 't help that my outfit looked like something a person would wear for Halloween , but at least I didn 't have my apron on .
tr	I	Now I know that I want him to court my good graces , but I thought , before , that a word from him would be enough .
tr	O	迪的眼睛紧盯着我的眼睛，并且我几乎能看到她在处理我的话。
tr	O	他们不是巨人，但是他们很高。
tr	I	She 's right , but I hate to admit it , especially after my little inner tantrum at the mirror .
tr	O	我身后传来了嘘声，但是我起初没怎么在意。
tr	O	她还说了些别的事情，但是她滚得太远了，我听不清说了什么。
tr	O	伊甸保护性地依偎在她身后，并且我想因沮丧而咆哮。
tr	I	When she laid her hand in his , he pulled her closer , and he slipped his hand around her waist .
tr	I	Tina knew the words were for her but ostensibly she was speaking to her mother .
tr	I	I was sitting on top of him and we were down on the ground .
tr	O	他拒绝询问她关于孩子的事，并且她似乎在等他问。
tr	O	过去三个月她一直在教卡罗琳·坎贝尔弹钢琴，但是进展甚微。
tr	O	艾玛盯着他看，但是一句话也没说出来。
tr	I	They 've got Only When It 's Saturday but I should have stayed there dammit .
tr	I	The Sheriff ballooned into the caricature that you see today , and when the divorce came through , the whiskey started to flow .
tr	I	I somehow manage to keep the smile from my face and happiness bubbles up inside me .
tr	I	His voice sounded strangled , and Max 's eyes widened .
tr	I	They ran for it and a split second later the lab shook violently .
tr	O	正义联盟总是说实话，并且没有比这更大的慰藉了。
tr	O	他张开的手对陌生人来说可能看起来无害，但是加勒特却看到了他手指微微的抽动。
tr	I	His clothes told me that he was of aboriginal descent , but I couldn 't see the man 's skin colour in the firelight .
tr	I	The engine fell silent , and it parked .
tr	I	Her eyes closed , which he could not allow and her head thrashed .
tr	O	她撅起她那肥厚的红唇，并且不知为何我想起了金鱼，就是你在日本餐馆外的小池塘里有时会看到的那种大锦鲤。
tr	O	她多么想在自己鼻子前挥挥手，但是她没有。
tr	O	我试图把膝盖抬起来放到身下，并且他嘲笑我可怜的努力。
tr	O	他为她把门开着，并且在那一刻她因为他小小的礼节表现而憎恨他。
tr	I	She found herself filled with the unbidden certainty that he would never abuse the trust she placed in him , and she was sure of it .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to leave him with the wrong impression , and I had no clue what the next few months would bring .
tr	I	I found myself appreciating the distraction , but Chase gave her a disgruntled look .
tr	I	The sight of a man crashing to the ice made her wince , and her gaze strayed to the window again .
tr	I	It wasn 't really designed for the extra crowd , but the sleeper could accommodate two people in a pinch .
tr	O	人就是人，他所知的一切就是人，并且他所能想到的一切就是他所知的一切。
tr	O	安东尼奥吼叫着打招呼，并且他感到更平静了。
tr	I	There is no money and now they 're divorced .
tr	I	He could hear desperation - perhaps even panic - bleeding through , but he tried to keep his tone of voice even .
tr	O	我没有回答他，并且他跟着我下楼。
tr	I	He had to pause a second , totally forgetting to wipe the water from his face and the scene was still stunning .
tr	I	Tempers were rife in the office , and the rest of the day dragged .
tr	I	I waited for a few minutes just in case , and I thought it possible Amber Jean would invent a second reason to come in .
tr	O	醒来后，我能看到混乱正在演变为有序的混沌，但是我无法强迫自己参与协助受害者。
tr	I	He let out a long breath , and his brow furrowed .
tr	I	I detected a hint of admiration in his expression , but he shook his head .
tr	O	她的嘴唇静止了，并且她看着我。
tr	O	我知道纳什内心有个好人，但是有时候需要一番催促才能找到他。
tr	O	这是她的成人礼，并且她想让每个人都知道。
tr	I	Maybe I imagine it , but I think I hear Finn among them .
tr	O	也许他们的儿子有机会告诉他们，并且他们不想和詹妮有任何瓜葛。
tr	O	弄清楚雷德格雷夫想对斯凯做什么，并且阻止他最快最好的方法，永久地。
tr	O	他为两辆车都被收费了，但是那现在是他最不担心的事情。
tr	O	我注意到盒子里内置的一个杠杆沿着一侧移动，并且另一个杠杆在另一侧。
tr	O	一秒钟他看起来很困惑，并且接着，我想，受伤了。
tr	O	她的声音在她姐姐的名字上哽咽了，并且她停下来呼吸，这似乎导致了更多的困难。
tr	O	这比他让其他新吸血鬼冒险面对人群要早得多，但是这个严酷的速成班是必要的。
tr	O	狗的指甲在玻璃上发出咔嗒声，并且它发出了一连串狂怒的吠叫。
tr	I	The views were taking its place and the foliage had started to thin .
tr	O	钱宁又笑了，并且他的眼睛眯了起来。
tr	I	We were invincible , and the Great Perhaps was upon us .
tr	I	She smiled as he did , and Todd started picking off Dawn 's plate .
tr	I	He would regain control of the situation , and all he had to do was convince her of the truth .
tr	I	It must have been a long time , but he really couldn 't remember when he had last looked in a mirror .
tr	O	在其他任何地方，并且我将不得不留意粉丝了。
tr	I	Something caught my attention , but I frowned at him .
tr	I	It thrashed on the floor and I pumped two slugs into it .
tr	I	I grab the pendant and he flies at him .
tr	O	我不知道她之后会感觉如何，并且我不希望她独自开车回家。
tr	O	我想成为一名医生，但是我父亲有军事背景。
tr	O	伊丽莎白张开嘴想回答，但是米歇尔还没有说完。
tr	I	Already she was feeling empty as though there were no more tears , but Alice wanted to cry .
tr	I	This time I wasn 't going to be here for everyone to witness it , and the darkness was closing in again .
tr	I	The thrill of anticipation ran through me anyway , but hades brought me surprises practically every other day .
tr	O	是的，他们提供的不仅仅是搭便车，或者说，他们考虑的不是交通。
tr	I	He accepted it after she told him exactly where they were heading , but he wasn 't happy .
tr	I	I tried to calm myself and the nerves had kicked in .
tr	O	她的眼睛适应了眩光，并且她意识到她以为是警用直升机的东西，并不是。
tr	I	Soon Zane could feel the wind of the rotor wash on his face , and the sound of the helicopters grew louder .
tr	I	There was no longer time for college , but Albert continued working at Metal Presses Incorporated .
tr	O	他就是不在乎我对此的感受，并且我什么也说不出来。
tr	O	每次我看着仪表盘上的时钟，我都会发誓两个小时过去了，但是实际上只过了二十分钟。
tr	I	Reginald is gone and before I answer , several blood curdling howls rip through the atmosphere .
tr	O	门开了，并且杰克今天第二次解释说这个男人的生命有危险。
tr	O	当他只差几英寸时，他吸了一口气，并且眉毛紧锁。
tr	I	He 'd done the unthinkable and somehow when he wasn 't looking , Lissa had gotten past his defenses .
tr	O	我想要她，并且她也想要我。
tr	O	有时沟通是单向的，但是他显然会写字。
tr	I	Spark stopped firing and the bear paused .
tr	I	The two chuckled together at the absurdity of their ridiculously formal conversation , and Hank responded .
tr	I	In fact seemed pretty quiet as we rode into the main yard where others were hold up , including cavalry and it wasn 't too busy .
tr	O	我认为这种有盗牛者以及杰森的威胁的情况会让你很容易就有资格提前购买。
tr	O	我对你进行的背景调查是清楚的，但是我用我的私人侦探进行我自己的广泛调查。
tr	O	我以前做过生动的梦，但是没有一个梦感觉如此真实。
tr	I	He trapped me and I regretfully looked up at the soft , pleading tone of his voice .
tr	I	The doors quietly opened and the Angel waved his hand .
tr	O	他们继续走着，并且赛耶确定了目的地。
tr	I	The experience had hardened him and he had clawed his way from near bankruptcy back to the front page of financial magazines .
tr	I	I hadn 't forgotten that and Sawyer 's distant cousin had always been kind to me .
tr	O	她试着清理它，但是她留下了一些证据。
tr	I	She followed her into the dark barn , but she pushed the dog off .
tr	I	The world is under one government : The United Corporations of the World , and Chapter 1 The year is 2161 .
tr	O	他害怕着什么，但是那不是艾萨克。
tr	I	The next second , I was angry for not getting it on my own , and one second , I was happy to be there .
tr	I	Meghan closed the door , leaving him alone , and Daniel nodded .
tr	I	It was raining so hard I thought the sky would come down , and you searched all over camp for some .
tr	I	He had all the time in the world to tell it and it was a good story .
tr	O	我母亲被告知我现在被学校永久停学了，并且我将不得不参加一个少年管教项目。
tr	I	Beth knew it was one of her passions , and Nana had been in the First Baptist Church choir for over thirty years .
tr	I	A few fragrant strands dropped across my face , and the breeze lifted her long , golden-brown curls .
tr	O	一种诡异的平静降临在我身上，并且这一次，当我看着我的母亲时，我没有感到愤怒。
tr	I	Somehow my mouth kept moving , but at this point I wasn 't really paying any attention to anything I was saying .
tr	I	Her view became blinded by her tears , but sitting back down on the couch , she tried to watch a baseball game .
tr	I	He couldn 't move his head enough to see me , but a small lie .
tr	I	He was fire , and he was strength .
tr	I	I wasn 't taking chances , and he came with plenty of reinforcements .
tr	O	我是那个一直站在你身边的人，并且我是那个理解你的工作的人。
tr	O	很快我便以最快的速度冲刺，但是亨利还是追上来了。
tr	O	爱伊莉丝的理由有很多，并且这又多了一个。
tr	I	She feared the work would stop , the minute she drove off the property , but that was just what she 'd been thinking about .
tr	O	有力的手臂抓住了我，并且凯登轻柔的笑声挠着我的耳朵。
tr	I	The group walked out into the utility area and the lift doors opened .
tr	O	他的眼睛眯了起来，并且他向前走了一步。
tr	O	安东尼娅本能地知道她母亲很痛苦，但是她不明白为什么。
tr	I	Mine is tied to it and his gaze is dark .
tr	O	我擅长一些事情，但是急救不是其中之一。
tr	O	我还是检查了一遍，但是我不太确定为什么。
tr	I	She looked at it , frowning , and I nodded to the closed front door .
tr	I	He couldn 't put his finger on what and something was off-kilter .
tr	I	I also want her to go away , but I want to hold her , hug her , kiss her , touch her .
tr	I	It was useless , but she tried to force her eyes away from his .
tr	O	他把她的杯子放在她面前的咖啡桌上，但是她似乎完全没有注意到。
tr	I	He waved him into the chamber , and his face lit up when he saw Gregor .
tr	I	He was at my side knocking me hard to the ground , my head banging against the cold concrete but I went for the door .
tr	I	The obtuse night could be hiding anything , but there was no motion that Robinson noticed .
tr	I	Then she shouted at the top of her lungs , and we remained motionless like that for a long moment .
tr	I	My senses didn 't really pick up on any impending blizzard , and nothing too different showed itself above .
tr	I	His eyes became bright red , and he looked into her eyes .
tr	O	他凑近她的脸，并且朱莉闻到了他呼吸中飘出的那种大麻味。
tr	O	你将要去把这个可怜的年轻女士唠叨死，并且我绝不允许。
tr	O	我倒没指望过，但是谁也说不准。
tr	O	他慢慢地靠近我，而且我现在能闻到他的古龙水味了。
tr	I	She wouldn 't let anyone else talk to me either , and she ignored me , the whole time .
tr	O	我的手指紧紧握住电话，并且我的手心因汗水变得湿滑。
tr	I	The two robots kissed deeply , and Nine opened her own mouth .
tr	I	I winced , and Largent 's mangled body flashed before me .
tr	I	Critically look for discrepancies compared to what he had told her , but with Adams in the interview , Stephanie was able to observe .
tr	I	You know it and that 's silly .
tr	O	我要回英国了，并且你再也听不到我的消息了。
tr	O	他圈了几则广告，但是没什么好的选择。
tr	I	He was staring directly at Grace , but at first Grace thought he was talking to his daughter .
tr	O	兄弟俩安静了下来，并且他们接着听到了。
tr	O	我的腿踢蹬着，但是他却只是笑了。
tr	I	He really didn 't need it , but the text message contained the password .
tr	I	I never made contact , but I even tried to ram him with the back of my head .
tr	O	我肯定一路上违反了创纪录的交通法规，但是很快我就把车停在了访客停车场。
tr	O	布恩开始走路，并且女士们跟着他。
tr	I	All of a sudden he 's booking you a ticket , and he hasn 't bothered to see you in over three months ?
tr	O	老树想伤害你，而且我想如果它们能的话，它们会杀了你。
tr	I	They started walking away in the rain and he grabbed Stephanie by the arm .
tr	O	她知道，但是听到他亲口说出来，让它变得更真实。
tr	O	治疗师试图限制他，但是史蒂夫坚持按照自己的节奏来。
tr	I	It felt like everything was moving in slow motion , and I paused for that one millisecond on the edge .
tr	I	They were already closed , but she checked the vents .
tr	O	塔维在两年内只见过一次王国最致命的敌人，而且那还只是从远处看到的。
tr	O	警察离开了，并且他们独自在房间里。
tr	I	For one brief moment , I believed it was directed at me , and a blaze of killing hate rose in his eyes .
tr	O	她从未想过平静闻起来是什么样子，但是她现在知道了。
tr	I	Smoke still curled from the foundation , and Ash sifted from the broken beams .
tr	I	The sun had faded long ago , and she did .
tr	O	子弹打偏了，并且杰克跳上了“水上苏格兰”号，猛烈地摇晃着船。
tr	O	温克勒把阿什推向门口并且他们冲了出去，一名警卫跟在队伍的后面。
tr	O	蓝睡在我们脚边并且奥罗拉栖息在我们上方的树上，对蓝睡在我们脚边感到恼火。
tr	I	He wouldn 't budge , but I 'd try to run him off before Mr. James catch him .
tr	I	It had only been a week , but so far he 'd not been successful .
tr	O	那引起了布里克的注意，并且他站了起来，把手按在桌子上。
tr	I	All three women waved to Lexi as they pulled away , and she slid into the front seat of the Jaguar .
tr	I	It was fruitless , but Chloe brought her good hand up in an attempt to fix her hair .
tr	O	克里斯吃了食物，但是他的心思在别处。
tr	O	他放松了抓握，并且我转向他。
tr	O	鲜血仍从我的伤口不断渗出并且我能感觉到失血的虚弱正在产生影响。
tr	O	他有点奇怪，但是他是个好人。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what it would be , but I knew I had to say something to explain .
tr	I	The one he put me in was so basic I almost laughed , and holds were not my idea of fighting .
tr	O	他没有犹豫，并且在他们眨眼之前，他已经到了广场的另一边。
tr	O	他去关门，并且我把腿伸了进去。
tr	I	He could feel his stress fading away and the day had been relaxing so far .
tr	O	它看起来像我们的，但是它不是。
tr	O	她扑倒在床垫上，并且我把身体覆在她身上，努力穿过笨重的布料靠近她。
tr	I	I step back , my mouth hanging open , and flames shoot up her blades .
tr	O	他接管了一切，让她尽享奢华，并且她把他每一个可用的时刻都和他一起在他的酒店套房里度过。
tr	O	她不敢相信他在这里，并且他想让她去意大利。
tr	I	The likelihood of being seen was low , and it was a well-hidden spot .
tr	O	黑尔发出信号，并且他的人把铁笼从甲板上抬了起来。
tr	I	I hadn 't enjoyed it even then , and I hadn 't been licked by one of the creatures since I was little .
tr	I	It takes people 's eyes off the special men we send in from time to time , and he doesn 't mind .
tr	I	Starting to deform with fatigue but his eyes were like tiny pressure gauges in some half-human machine , still functional .
tr	O	太阳没有在我们的手掌中形成，并且我认为它不起作用，直到我抬头。
tr	I	Because of that , the truth was bound to come out eventually , and Hannah knew I 'd been Masked .
tr	O	他的嘴唇在拼写秘密，并且我的耳朵在倾泻墨水，将我的皮肤染上他的故事。
tr	O	他的皮肤很白，并且他的脸上长着毛发。
tr	I	She was just too different to hide amongst humanity for long , but she 'd tried to in the beginning .
tr	O	我等着我爸爸开口，说他不想这样，但是他点了点头表示同意。
tr	O	这就像这家伙能看穿我的把戏，并且这相当令人不安。
tr	O	他所做的很不道德，但是在他看来，那不重要。
tr	O	我会去她家玩，并且她几乎不从她正在做的事情上抬起头来。
tr	O	那个声音再次沉寂下来，但是它内部的某种东西似乎在高兴地冒泡。
tr	I	This was what came of it , and he 'd let down his guard .
tr	I	She stared into its depths and her hands cradled the mug .
tr	O	一座小房子停在飞蛾的背上，并且绿色开始看起来更像草而不是飞蛾的毛。
tr	I	He didn 't hear me , but I practically screamed out loud .
tr	I	You were not there but I jumped after you .
tr	I	Her chest tightened and her heart sank .
tr	O	我睡着了，但是我满脑子想的都是贾里德有多恨麦迪。
tr	I	I am beginning to believe it , but I still don 't understand it .
tr	O	我爬回床上，突然感到寒冷，并且我祈祷我没有犯下会危及我们所有人的巨大错误。
tr	O	这块布，一度，是浅色的，但是它原来的颜色已在浸透她美丽头颅的红色中消失了。
tr	I	The four guards in Armani suits placed outside the main door , or she didn 't even notice the red Ferrari on her way past .
tr	I	I 'd missed her friendship , and I 'd missed the work .
tr	I	I could tell I was falling and I could see the blue of the sky with some wisps of fog .
tr	I	I had never wished such a death on him but I 'd always been at odds with Gregor Novak .
tr	I	She rose from the couch to greet him and a smile broke out on Serenity 's face .
tr	O	她不想看到查德被枪杀，并且她知道查理是对的。
tr	I	I do not have time to celebrate , but a wave of satisfaction washes over me .
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，并且我的手从他的头上落下。
tr	I	The county does not plow past the main roads and evidently I had snowed a lot since I was gone .
tr	I	The commander seemed unable to wrap his knees around the problem but Arman was sitting cross-legged quite comfortably .
tr	O	特伦特用指尖找到了她的中心，并且她因核心深处爆发的感觉而喘息。
tr	I	Neither of us had much of an appetite , and we began to take vitamins .
tr	O	她身着华丽的服装，一个无助的白色形象，并且他似乎因看着她而感到满足。
tr	I	I wondered if his reasoning differed from mine , but since I 'd thought the same thing , I didn 't need to get clarification .
tr	O	美国宇航局是一个美国非军事组织，并且它拥有栖息舱。
tr	O	她倔强地扬起下巴，并且一声轻笑从我口中逸出。
tr	O	他们不再参与实验，并且他们被允许选择住在哪里。
tr	O	从今以后你可能在自己的厨房吃饭，但是我仍然必须吃你母亲准备的食物。
tr	I	Her heart started to pound , and Aria 's throat felt dry .
tr	I	The tip of her nose glowed red , and her face was puffy from crying .
tr	O	这太新了，而且我不想让它不吉利。
tr	I	Nestor 's stomach rumbled at the other man 's words , and the air was heavy with the smell of roasting pork .
tr	O	朗扬试了试门，但是门被卡死了。
tr	O	艾薇儿把头靠在我的肩膀上，并且我用手指轻触她的脸。
tr	I	It stung the skin where it hit and the rain had turned to sleet now .
tr	I	Things were going to be worse for me or I had to get over this infatuation by tomorrow .
tr	O	弥莉·桑福德可能付出了生命，但是这个女人从来没有当过海莉的母亲。
tr	I	He nodded , and I asked .
tr	O	也许亚当是对的，并且我们应该保持安静。
tr	I	I pull the ingredients out and I scrounge in the pantry until I find a couple cans of cream of mushroom .
tr	O	我很想向所有其他通勤者宣布我对她的爱，但是我不愿打破这一刻。
tr	O	我有时会想和她说话，但是那又有什么用呢？
tr	I	She tried not to let it show , but Andra felt like she 'd been punched .
tr	I	He focused on it with an intense , almost painful recognition , and it was part of him .
tr	I	They 'd barely got started on his schooling and she reminded him that he had many , many adventures to take .
tr	O	这就是你为什么会不喜欢她，并且她对你也是同样的感觉。
tr	O	理查德甚至比米奇更信任贝拉，但是他知道米奇需要任务来让他保持专注。
tr	O	尼古拉斯衬衫上的血迹消失了，但是米哈伊尔不会轻易被愚弄。
tr	I	I recognized instantly her and when by now I was despairing , I heard a voice .
tr	I	That wasn 't often , but when necessary , she donned more feminine attire .
tr	O	我比了解自己更了解他们，这算不了什么，但是我仍然了解他们。
tr	I	They began to move to the music , and he slid his hands around her waist .
tr	I	She pins me firmly to the ground , but she has a nonthreatening face .
tr	I	The driver shut the door and Donnie slid in beside her .
tr	O	他们已经省去了最初的繁文缛节，并且他谢绝了那杯按惯例提供的咖啡。
tr	O	我不知道我今晚为什么会惹麻烦，但是我确信有某种原因。
tr	O	争吵让她处于守势，并且她不会允许那样。
tr	I	I plan to become the farmer I always wanted to be , and I have already handed my resignation in .
tr	I	No sound would come out , but she opened her mouth .
tr	O	我可能是一个吸血鬼，但是我仍然是一个女人。
tr	I	Since we have the better record , Woodbridge High cal s the toss , and we 're playing the game at Vanderbilt University .
tr	I	I hoped he 'd never get enough of me , and I 'd never get enough of Jake .
tr	I	I knew her , but I held no affection for her .
tr	O	克里斯蒂笑了，但是卡罗琳唯一能关注的是克里斯蒂如何对凯德对她的感情使用了过去时。
tr	I	I know people at every stop and I get to travel for free .
tr	I	The sooner she retrieved the letters , the better , and the banknotes were heavy inside Ainsley 's corset .
tr	I	Every information he could give her , could be worth more than the greatest treasure in the world and she was curious about his plans .
tr	O	我不太记得这位其他乘客，但是我也认为那是一位女性。
tr	O	她试图用他是一名熟练园丁的想法安慰自己，并且他会很容易找到另一份工作。
tr	I	Even he could not help , but only he could dare to .
tr	I	This time it was empty , but Caroline glanced back up at the dark , third story window where she 'd seen her observer before .
tr	I	There was no telltale fragrance , but he scented the air .
tr	I	Sebastian muttered a curse , and Murdoch 's lips parted .
tr	O	塔尔金看起来很困惑，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	O	我试探性地联系了妈妈，并且她睡着了，梦见小狗。
tr	O	她的语气轻松，完全自信，但是我没有这样的信心。
tr	I	She prayed he couldn 't read her thoughts as they crossed her face and he was watching her with narrowed eyes .
tr	I	I thought I 'd take a chance but see , I wasn 't even sure it was you .
tr	O	马特奥的声音比他预期的要高，但是在他来不及为此感到不好意思之前，娜迪亚也开始大喊大叫起来。
tr	O	凯特防卫性地说道，但是她已经知道了。
tr	O	那只手卷曲了一次，两次，并且 然后她认出那是一个招手的动作。
tr	O	他感觉身体仍在向下坠落，并且一切都变得模糊，因为一种虚假的重力感将他推下。
tr	O	塞缪尔的声音进一步降低了，但是他继续说着。
tr	I	Sky poked her head in , and it opened .
tr	O	我试着用那些碎屑撬出门铰链上的销子，但是那些销子纹丝不动。
tr	O	她听起来很担心，但是保罗却无法开口说话。
tr	O	毕竟我赌了他一百万巨款，并且我会尽我所能保护他。
tr	I	I can 't stop looking , but it 's really weird to say this .
tr	O	给我她的学号，并且我会查一下。
tr	I	I coughed , desperate for air , and the large man was suddenly off me .
tr	I	She needs peace , but she has reason to .
tr	I	All the fighting we have yet to do , and I think of all the fighting we 've done .
tr	O	她的喉咙很干，并且她的手心在冒汗。
tr	O	她动了，并且他的手臂收紧了环住她。
tr	O	我知道需要爱才能打败我面前的怪物，但是我不知如何展现那种爱。
tr	O	他要去新兵训练营，并且她要去上大学了。
tr	O	他确实通过把我介绍给费斯帮了忙，但是我这次绝对不需要他在那里。
tr	I	She didn 't care , and her dress got soaked .
tr	O	我们礼貌地鼓掌以示我们准备好了，并且布罗迪站在房间前，权力游戏项链在他的深色衬衫上闪闪发光。
tr	O	他愉快地吹着口哨，当我们走向田野中央时，那里的干草被压实了，并且花朵慢慢枯萎死亡。
tr	O	这让她很担忧，但是她无法完全弄明白出了什么问题。
tr	O	我现在已经嫁给你了，并且他甚至不知道你了解杰瑞。
tr	O	我九岁起就看到了影子，但是今天的影子让我全身发抖。
tr	I	He smiled ruefully , but Jackson 's eyes glowed at my words .
tr	O	他还记得以前的甜味，但是他怀疑现在它们是否会好吃。
tr	O	和杰西在一起他已经感觉置身世界之巅，并且当她在睡梦中发出呻吟时，他找到了平静。
tr	O	他不喜欢我这种类型，但是他很养眼。
tr	O	奉承感到孤独，并且现在他的肉体周围有一种痛苦的寒意，这是一个皮肤感觉正在恢复正常的信号。
tr	O	她会释放他，或者她会为此而死。
tr	O	我不知道他是怎么找到我们的，但是，我当时简直高兴坏了。
tr	I	His mind kept slipping back to Barrett 's murder , but waiting for sleep Charlie tried to think some more about approaching his editor .
tr	I	Reacher noticed a couple of new additions , but not much had changed .
tr	O	我输入了十四，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	They all climbed in , and Aria hit the UNLOCK button on her keychain .
tr	I	Kenny walked over to see her finish reading and Leah was a few yards away by now .
tr	I	His age was beginning to show and the man was past sixty now .
tr	O	她仍然能听到外面的雨声，但是，现在柔和多了。
tr	O	他的声音很轻柔，并且我的心怦怦直跳。
tr	O	马路异常安静，并且他警惕地寻找着麻烦。
tr	O	如果你再见到他，你可能会认出他，但是，你很难有把握地描述他。
tr	I	This one does but some demons don 't need to breathe .
tr	O	他的目光无法从她的胸部移开，并且她醉得太厉害了，没有注意到他并没有在听他们的谈话。
tr	I	It carried a terrifying reputation , but it was merely a hole in the ground leading into an old cistern .
tr	I	For right now , she was going to enjoy Derrick as much as possible , but she would be extra careful about the pregnancy issue .
tr	I	He could not prove this , but initially he felt that Stephanie was being satisfied by another man .
tr	I	He stopped me again but I rose to leave .
tr	O	他们可能不需要在这最初的投放之外做任何事情，就能制造出罗伯特所寻求的混乱和无政府状态。
tr	I	It kept bothering me , but I wasn 't going to tell you .
tr	O	他可以让索伦再带一个进来，但是他的直觉告诉他他们很快就会着陆。
tr	I	Neither one of them found it , and he 'd helped look for it , too .
tr	O	那个人再次显得有点困惑，但是仅此而已。
tr	I	Hart remained firmly on the sidelines , the duke famous for never dancing at his own balls , but the ballroom floor was full of whirling couples .
tr	I	His eyes locked on mine , and he removed the dark glasses he was wearing .
tr	O	我的头发都竖起来了，而且我把这个念头推开了。
tr	O	这是一部很美的电影，而且它仍然会很美，即使奖项颁给了其他人中的一个。
tr	O	凯再次张开了嘴，而且房间里的温度升高了。
tr	I	Alec then leaned forward and Evan looked between me .
tr	I	When I persistently jerked my head in Claire 's direction , he spoke up , but Jared frowned .
tr	I	His other hand grabbed my wrist , tugging me out of the doors and his arm clamped down tighter on my waist .
tr	O	每一个都存在一个单独的梦魇会折磨我的睡眠，而且我正要再增加一个。
tr	I	It seemed to Paul he looked uncomfortable , and Eric stood beside the fireplace .
tr	O	弗朗西斯卡知道她应该抗议，但是他的嘴巴让她因为欲望而发狂。
tr	I	How it made her feel , and she 'd never forget this moment .
tr	O	看到古斯塔夫那样很难受，但是她继续进行下一次计划的拜访，那就是去见安东尼。
tr	O	他再次感觉到她闭上眼睛，并且几分钟内，她沉重的呼吸声恢复了。
tr	I	The room was otherwise empty , but a stool sat in one corner .
tr	O	前门可能锁着，并且乔纳森后颈的汗毛告诉他，他仍然被监视着。
tr	O	请，我无意冒犯您，并且如果您觉得需要立即离开，我将完全理解。
tr	I	Everyone whipped around in my direction , and a floorboard creaked under my weight .
tr	O	一声车门猛地关上，并且艾莉僵住了。
tr	I	The water surrounding Moon collapsed with enough force to knock him off his feet and I moved my staff downward .
tr	I	The answer seemed especially important , and the question came to me .
tr	O	他立即松开了紧抓住她卷发的双手，并且他的眼睛因悔恨而黯淡。
tr	O	他的手抚摸着我的身体，眼睛扫视着我的脸，心脏狂跳不止，并且我则在脑海中跑着马拉松。
tr	I	I didn 't want to before he was inside me , but I was so ready it was dampening his boxers .
tr	O	我希望能那样做，但是它不是那样运作的。
tr	O	我不能百分之百确定，但是我认为许多女孩幻想成为男孩房间里的一只苍蝇。
tr	I	The answer was always yes , and I 'd asked if he still wanted me , still loved me .
tr	I	He didn 't think it would last much longer , and it was built in the nineteen forties .
tr	O	他对此没有说什么，而且维奥莱特希望事情就此结束。
tr	O	他没觉得她受伤了，但是他知道在其他人看到她之前，有件事需要处理。
tr	I	I could smell her perfume and my face was right next to hers .
tr	O	他说的像个陈述，但是他的语气里带着一丝疑问，让我抬头看他。
tr	I	I don 't pull away , but the thought breaks me into even more pieces .
tr	O	她知道睡觉可能不是个好主意，但是她忍不住。
tr	O	有些人兴高采烈地聊着，而另一些人则沉默不语。
tr	O	Z看起来不相信，而且简看出来了。
tr	I	They didn 't even know it , and humans walked a knife-edge .
tr	O	他扬了扬眉毛，而且有那么几刻，马利无语了。
tr	I	We were so close that it was more like pointed at us , but he pointed the gun at me .
tr	I	She fell to the ground and he then shoved her aside .
tr	I	He smiles and I laugh .
tr	I	It was sloppy but the third time my attack looked the same .
tr	O	她的臀部随着他每一次的挺进而摆动，而且他让她来定节奏。
tr	O	也许他会是她的幸福结局，但是她心里知道永远都会是塞巴斯蒂安。
tr	O	这张桌子看起来像是一战前制造的，并且桌椅都是木头的。
tr	O	我那时多半是在开玩笑，但是我一生都在应对着那些认为我只是个没有目标的帅哥的假设。
tr	I	She had no doubt that if it came down to it , he 'd fight to the death for those he loved , yet he was kind .
tr	I	He had nearly destroyed it and she had moved here to start a new life .
tr	I	Her wings caused a slight breeze as they flapped frantically and she looked like she was wearing the wood as clothes .
tr	O	他的蓝眼睛灼灼地盯着我的眼睛，并且我咽了口水。
tr	I	Singh turned pale , and everyone gasped .
tr	O	扎恩看起来有点心烦，并且我困惑地盯着他。
tr	O	他突然瘫软，在她怀里变得无力，并且她用尽全身力气把他抱进了屋子。
tr	O	布莱恩把头微微向上猛地一抬，并且她消失不见了。
tr	I	Then he should not have been , but Clay was surprised .
tr	I	That was all right , but he couldn 't answer .
tr	O	一些奴隶在看了鞭打的场景后停止了工作，并且他们敬畏地盯着狄龙。
tr	I	Dare used the time to get himself under control and Liza headed inside .
tr	I	My eyes were actually glowing green this time , and I saw my reflection in the side mirror .
tr	I	I swear , I 'm done , Gary , but it 's so screwed-up .
tr	I	It wasn 't in vain but the price was high .
tr	I	That just made it better , but it was huge on her .
tr	I	As usual , I was the first one there , and it was a quarter of seven .
tr	O	两人都有背包，并且其中一人右臂下夹着一个篮球。
tr	I	They didn 't get marked , but there were millions of religious zealots around the world who killed in God 's name every day .
tr	O	有能力的士兵被调往他处，而且剩下的人变得懈怠。
tr	O	一个披着斗篷的身影出现在门框里，脸上笼罩着阴影，但是我瞥见了一缕黑发。
tr	O	他正在失去她，而且他不知道为什么。
tr	O	蒙蒂自告奋勇了，而且我几乎能感受到他的兴奋。
tr	O	安吉拉突然停了下来，而且威廉轻轻地撞在了她身上。
tr	O	她梳理着头发，而且这个动作确实带来了一些安慰。
tr	I	He kept moving ever onward but his strength was waning .
tr	O	他还是做了，而且我很高兴他做了。
tr	O	她的脊椎僵硬了并且她的手握成了拳头。
tr	I	I heard his heart race wildly , and my ear pressed against his chest .
tr	I	They stayed behind to help , but they got their families out .
tr	O	凯蒂想让我去试训，但是我对运动不感兴趣。
tr	I	The stories that accompanied the presentation only served to magnify all their interests , but that alone was intriguing enough .
tr	I	The way the tips of my ears would always turn red and I smile wistfully , thinking of the crisp February air back in Oxford .
tr	O	那张脸确实很任性，但是眼睛里充满了爱。
tr	O	她的格洛克，如果她能再找到的话，和一支步枪会很好。
tr	I	They were stil burned out by the sun in the West , but the stars were visible on the eastern half of the sky .
tr	O	我本不想杀汉克，但是最终他让我别无选择。
tr	O	他一抬起我就推开了，并且我已经在人行道上了。
tr	O	当她听到对面说什么时，她的眼睛眯了起来并且她的脸变得阴沉。
tr	O	她的声音几乎听不到，但是她并没有逃跑。
tr	I	The bombings took place anyway , resulting in the loss of several thousand civilian lives and this memo was supposedly ignored by the administration .
tr	I	Selma was used in every generation for centuries and lucky for him , Giles traced several names down .
tr	I	It was too late , but he just didn 't want me to see the costume inside the duffel bag .
tr	I	We got up to leave and lunch break was now over .
tr	I	He still could not muster the courage to go back , but it had been a year since then .
tr	I	I held the hand of the man who was the love of my life , and we stood in front of the Eiffel Tower .
tr	I	The way he 's admiring me only makes me want to be this exposed , but I 've never been this exposed in front of someone before .
tr	O	他的眼睛变得沉重，并且很快就闭上了。
tr	I	The creature collapsed to the ground , and he cut open the vampire 's belly with a single slice .
tr	O	我们之间一片寂静，并且我开始感到不安。
tr	O	他看着我，不明白我的意图，并且我不知怎么地停了下来。
tr	O	我闻到了他们的气味，并且从现在起，我会尽可能远离他们。
tr	I	The pain in her leg was already bearable and she had no headache anymore .
tr	I	They began to sway slowly to the music , and she wrapped her arms around his neck as he pulled her against him .
tr	I	The government-issued protection wasn 't there because of him , but Bobby Clarence was a political star on the rise .
tr	O	他甚至不知道，但是他现在仍然不想要它！
tr	O	他的另一只手搭在大腿上，并且她看着光芒从他的结婚戒指上闪过。
tr	I	I buried my face in my lap for a moment , while I tried to gather my thoughts , and all my senses were working in overdrive .
tr	I	I doubted they had one of the coffee shops she couldn 't live without , and I was sure they didn 't have a shopping center there .
tr	O	她认真地说，并且我向她点了点头。
tr	I	His body didn 't give a shit , but with his head swimming , he tried to keep his brain sharp in order to dodge her questions .
tr	O	一个人可能吃得下两个人的份，但是他吃不下十个人的份。
tr	O	我的鞋子裂开，发出令人恼火的刺耳声，并且我自由了。
tr	O	也许是因为泽克在学校，并且我突然有了欢呼的冲动。
tr	O	他不仅懂得如何充实地生活，但是不知何故他也能给周围的人带来活力。
tr	O	海莉着迷地听着音乐，但是她的小脸看起来很疲惫。
tr	I	He needed to get through it but writing this letter was exhausting him .
tr	O	她天生是个爱干净的人，但是她倾向于让杂物堆积到周五。
tr	O	我当时八岁，并且我过去常常缠着她画我最喜欢的卡通人物。
tr	O	他的手臂很累，并且他的下背部疼痛。
tr	O	这是我的问题，并且我会解决它。
tr	I	When it returned he saw this world completely differently but his sight was only blocked for a moment .
tr	O	我们从未让任何人介入我们之间，并且我们当然不会现在开始。
tr	I	She couldn 't put a name to the face , but Austin followed his gaze to see a slightly familiar girl .
tr	O	他向前走了一步，但是两名副警长进入了房间。
tr	O	她把目光转向了塞巴斯蒂安，而且它们是蠕动的黑蛇。
tr	O	欧文的肩膀垮了下来，并且他又坐了下来。
tr	I	I leaned toward the light , and she held the paper closer to the torch .
tr	O	山姆的金色的眉毛挑了起来，并且他的眉毛也皱了起来。
tr	O	他嘴上的伤口开始跳痛，并且他需要去警局处理沙弗。
tr	O	他们餐厅的经理生病了，并且服务员们不得不自己处理所有事情。
tr	O	我已经和她父母谈过两次了，但是他们没什么帮助。
tr	O	她的眼皮猛地睁开，并且她迅速坐了起来。
tr	I	The snow was coming down so thickly that we couldn 't see ten feet , and the gale was howling around our makeshift shelter .
tr	I	The doors opened , and the elevator dinged .
tr	O	我的口音不经意间流露出来，并且我不在乎。
tr	I	For a moment she misunderstood him , thinking he meant her dead husband , and he asked .
tr	I	I had to tell her something , but my mom stressed out way too easily .
tr	O	我敲了敲门，并且有人说请进。
tr	O	她听到他转身，回到房间里，并且她睁开了眼睛。
tr	O	那个小尼安德特人进行了反抗，但是最终他不是麦吉尔的对手。
tr	O	他不知道何时，但是他知道它会来。
tr	I	Forte was helped down to a sidewalk and the truck stopped .
tr	I	A woman with dark hair bustled inside , and the door opened then .
tr	I	The jolting increased as he speeded up , and Snowy 's nostrils flared .
tr	O	我们彼此都是孩子，并且这个世界就是为我们而造的。
tr	I	Peter could perceive the ozone in the air and the blade gave off a low hum .
tr	O	他跟着她，并且我看着他们。
tr	I	She couldn 't squeeze a word out and the butterflies in Abigail 's stomach fluttered into her throat .
tr	O	笑容浮现在水瓶座的脸上，并且萨马拉离开了。
tr	I	He wasn 't sure , but he had heard there was an ordinance .
tr	O	她的订单来了，并且她开始享用。
tr	I	Though she gave no physical reaction , the bond brought him her spike of alarm , and Min hesitated .
tr	I	Mac could only guess at where Raymond might be now , but Raymond was one of the few who knew she 'd been onboard Zinger 's yacht .
tr	I	She rose from her seat , and something about the sight nauseated her .
tr	O	他的眼睛猛地睁开，并且他看着我。
tr	I	The last thing she needs is another heartbreaking betrayal and she 's been through hell .
tr	O	他们都仔细阅读了菜单上极其不寻常的选择，并且索菲娅印象深刻，以至于她觉得难以选择。
tr	O	喷气机起飞了，并且那一刻我感到自己永垂不朽。
tr	O	我的喉咙太干了，并且我的身体也太疲惫了。
tr	I	Then hers , before she could protest , and he slung his pack over his shoulder .
tr	O	这份协议还不错，但是他知道她需要来自一个无关方的法律建议。
tr	I	Then it was nothing at all , and the island was a reflection in a puddle of water .
tr	I	I could tell that they were both , truly happy and they looked into each other 's eyes .
tr	O	在这期间，他一直在衡量我的反应，但是他没有看到丝毫变化。
tr	I	He wanted one thing from them and Women wanted one thing from him .
tr	I	He realized that if he 'd thought he 'd found himself a quiet , meek wife , he was definitely mistaken and she peppered Camila with questions .
tr	O	她努力追踪那辆车，但是路边高大的树木几分钟后就把它遮蔽了。
tr	O	他看起来对他改变得如此真诚……但是，我以前也相信过他，结果却被欺骗了。
tr	I	My body buzzed with divine energy , and my collar fell to the floor .
tr	O	他的手指拂过护身符，并且乔斯林因为那些似乎来自温暖金属的微小刺痛而轻轻颤抖了一下。
tr	O	大炉栅里燃着火，并且几把舒适的扶手椅被拉到它旁边。
tr	O	他向后靠了靠，并且他的手抬起来，轻轻抚摸她腹部的曲线。
tr	I	She 'd damn well get it , and I had promised her a milkshake before realizing she had to study .
tr	O	艾米莉亚感到她的肩膀放松下来，并且她母亲的拥抱将她包裹起来。
tr	I	I must say simply that I do not know so I prefer not to judge , but I also doubt this .
tr	I	The colors don 't look familiar at all , but the house is tan with a dark brown trim .
tr	I	The bruising had finally begun to fade , and it had been two weeks since I smashed his nose .
tr	O	我能听到米娜在我一侧轻柔而平稳的呼吸声，并且在另一侧，是艾什顿小姐更加费力的呼吸声。
tr	O	电话线安静下来，但是厄尔能听到呼吸声。
tr	I	Everyone stared at me while I sputtered and I choked on my coffee at that .
tr	I	She couldn 't worry about that , but she was going to leave a trail .
tr	I	At Christmas she 'd still felt emotionally shaky , but she hadn 't wanted to talk about it .
tr	I	When she gasped another sharp inhale of breath it was worth it and I suffered through her theatrics .
tr	O	他昨晚在镇上见了我们，并且我们首先和他讨论了我们的担忧。
tr	I	He was in good spirits just now , but normally he wouldn 't consider her demands .
tr	O	他们湿透了，并且当他把它们从我身上扯下来时，我发出了一声轻微的惊呼。
tr	I	He pointed out the target , but metaphorically speaking , he may not have fired the gun .
tr	I	The Manhattan neighborhood was as hectic as ever , and it was early afternoon on Sunday .
tr	O	我赤身裸体躺在多利安身上对她来说似乎没什么大不了的，而且，可能确实不是。
tr	I	It seemed a pretty easy wager to win but I 'm not normally a betting man .
tr	I	This time it wasn 't coming from him and that is , until I smelled smoke again .
tr	I	We 're back to status quo , and I push hard on the ice to get away .
tr	O	他们穿着和守卫一样的衣服，但是我并不认为他们都是守卫。
tr	O	她的头发现在放下来了，并且她坐在莱利旁边。
tr	I	I would give up everything I had to be her father , but she may not be mine by birth .
tr	I	Today was different , but usually I stay out of the way when Aunt Tabby goes anywhere near the boiler .
tr	O	她停了下来，并且他从她手中接过汽车座椅，跟着她走上摇摇晃晃的前廊台阶。
tr	O	起初它不容易被注意到，但是随着时间的推移，这些变化变得更加明显。
tr	O	杰斯确信一首歌在玛丽的脑海中播放着，并且她赶紧把她领进公寓，以免任何邻居看到。
tr	O	这是我经营的第三家公司，并且它可能不会是最后一家。
tr	O	我立刻就知道那是泽维尔的父母，并且正是在那一刻我突然明白了。
tr	I	This time , I don 't hide , and there 's a soldier charging in my direction .
tr	O	我凑过去吻她，并且她在我嘴唇上快速啄了一下，然后就离开了。
tr	O	我的腿仍然刺痛，但是我忍受了疼痛。
tr	I	There was no enmity in her , but she knew the woman did Rafael 's bidding .
tr	O	它实际上不是撅嘴，但是那是我唯一能想到的词。
tr	O	所有人的目光都集中在格蕾丝身上，而且工人们的脸上充满了敬畏。
tr	I	David picked up on it right away , and the words were spoken with a bit too much conviction .
tr	I	He couldn 't think what it was , but something about the firing positions bothered him .
tr	O	我并不完全相信那个内在的声音，但是即使我想拒绝这个联盟，我也不能。
tr	I	I giggled and he began to put on a limp .
tr	O	她滑到离我最近的座位上，而且我闻到了一股甜美的香水味。
tr	O	我松开了他的手臂，并且杰森拉下了他的衬衫袖子来遮盖伤口。
tr	O	莎莎上前去拿刀，并且康奈利命令格雷戈尔在她做的时候把手举直。
tr	O	她试图站起来，但是科林的双手阻止了她。
tr	I	Each command was responsible for its own section and the IOF split the city up into sections .
tr	I	A hitherto unseen Doberman dived after something grey flashing through into the next garden and a vicious fit of barking erupted .
tr	O	眩晕感袭来，但是他挺了过去，吸气，呼气。
tr	O	我离开时向店员道谢，并且他似乎松了一口气，因为我不会对他做任何事。
tr	I	He had seen enough movies to have the general idea , but he had never taken any lessons .
tr	O	怪物抬起头，并且灯光刺瞎了我的眼睛。
tr	O	这必须停止，并且它必须立刻停止。
tr	O	她的第一周工作结束后，她就被扔到了工作的深水区，并且她很喜欢。
tr	O	他们都在睡梦中窒息而死，并且房屋被纵火以掩盖此事。
tr	O	她走回了堡垒，并且士兵们收紧了队形。
tr	I	As the chapel came into sight , he dropped it , but Isaac held her hand as they walked out of the little woods behind the school .
tr	I	Now was not the time to air them , but she had other suspicions about Max 's motivations .
tr	O	这个想法值得开怀大笑，但是回声会太令人迷失方向。
tr	I	Ready to touch the waters and I was nearly at the pool .
tr	O	黄昏变成了黑暗，并且空气变得凉爽。
tr	O	她是那个他错失的人，并且他希望这次他足够坚强，不会让她击垮他。
tr	O	雾太浓了，她无法确定，但是她认为她看到一道光在她房间里发光。
tr	I	It turned out that I would never be able to have kids , but the treatments knocked it out .
tr	I	It sat overturned on the table , and I 'd gotten a plastic stock car with my Happy Meal .
tr	O	茉莉带来了些纸，并且两个女人在接下来的一个小时里都在琢磨她们希望店铺看起来什么样。
tr	I	They danced in the street ... and people danced in the tavern .
tr	I	Say she 'd simply been wrapped up in the great sex , or no way she could try to take it back .
tr	O	不管怎样，我现在要回去了，并且矮人们可以对我为所欲为。
tr	I	He wanted to let Francesca sleep as long as possible , but it was past eight .
tr	I	I was glad because I didn 't want him to ruin it , and we were too cramped for Duke to notice my hand in Trevor 's .
tr	O	彼得再次来到卡特里娜身边，遵守着他的诺言，并且他能看出她也担心着。
tr	I	Travelling back gave the time of it , and he didn 't ' have lunch because the travelling to the studio , being there .
tr	O	我伸手去抓他的裤子，但是他抓住了我的手，将它们举过我的头顶，同时解开我的胸衣。
tr	O	他说话时她笑了，并且这让我摸不着头脑。
tr	I	His demeanor was likely to matter more , but she 'd chosen him because of his brilliant mind .
tr	I	Stealing his breath and tightening her muscles .
tr	I	It 's just as well , and circling around the truck , he doesn 't catch that .
tr	I	That left the way open to get back inside the house , and if Ken was here , Mari would be covering his back .
tr	I	He interrupted her but she started to say .
tr	I	Tobias shrugged , but I looked toward Ivy , who seemed skeptical .
tr	O	这开司米羊绒是店里最贵的，并且她买的是奶灰色。
tr	O	你所有的小把戏和言语攻击，都是你试图让我也能看到他的尝试。
tr	O	戴蒙犹豫了，但是好奇心把谨慎推到了一边。
tr	O	卢克像个完美的绅士一样，单手为我拉开椅子，并且我坐了下来，吸入了一股肯定是雪松古龙水的味道。
tr	O	他已经遭受了难以想象的痛苦，并且这些伤疤会增加他多年来积累的许多伤痕。
tr	I	That stuff won 't come out easily , and you 'll just get ointment on them .
tr	O	警察知道这件事，但是他们正在忽视它。
tr	O	他真的要搬家了，并且我还没有准备好。
tr	I	He knew he had to do whatever he could to prevent such an outcome , and the thought of that troubled him .
tr	O	他灼热的嘴唇落到她的右乳头上，并且她因接触而颤抖。
tr	O	格蕾丝尽可能地避开他们，但是她更担心威尔。
tr	O	玛雅微笑着，尼古拉斯烦恼地摇着头，并且德米特里走到他们身后的金属桌旁。
tr	I	She 'd be in that window seat reading , and I 'd be working in here for hours .
tr	O	雅艾尔优雅地在手掌中转动着它，但是他的反应快如闪电。
tr	I	Other people got up and there were more screams .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how I was going to continue on with the night and my stomach was in knots .
tr	I	I knew no other , but it was not a happy one .
tr	I	It elated her at the same time , but the thought of having another cub frightened her almost as much as riding did .
tr	O	不知道托马斯妻子的名字感觉有点奇怪，但是她理解这一点。
tr	I	You will keep these low servants of yours away , and you are not to go aloft with him again .
tr	O	判定谁死了还为时过早，但是新闻播报结束后立刻播放了庄严的音乐。
tr	I	Nothing ever came of it but there was some talk about murder .
tr	O	它不太符合音乐，但是他似乎抓住了节奏。
tr	O	海雯偶尔回头看，但是每次她这样做，马吕斯都烦躁地挥手让她走开。
tr	O	响起了一阵小小的欢呼，并且蒂姆与杰奎琳击掌。
tr	O	他们有事情要做，并且他们正朝着它前进。
tr	I	Adrenaline shot into his veins , and the word fired his anger .
tr	I	Jess was the only person I felt comfortable talking to about it , and I couldn 't keep it all inside .
tr	O	我身体的任何紧绷都可能把孩子推出，而且那是我在见到我丈夫之前拒绝做的事情。
tr	O	它对梅维斯·韦尔德奏效了，并且它也会在这里奏效。
tr	O	响起了一阵低沉的嗡嗡声，并且蛋的接缝发光了。
tr	O	司机从车窗里喊了些粗鲁的话，但是他们不理会他。
tr	I	You get the picture he 's conveying , but which , of course , he never saw .
tr	I	The Welshman had to involve his personal revenge and here they were on a solemn business transaction .
tr	I	Elliott keeps hold of my hand , but she throws her arms around me .
tr	O	我们握了手，并且他离开了。
tr	O	她注意到刘易斯还在跛行，但是她没有同情他。
tr	I	His eyelids slid down halfway over his eyes , giving them the dull look of the dead , and then his body went entirely limp .
tr	O	麦克把头放在我的双腿之间，并且他正在用舌头做些什么。
tr	I	I remained steadfast in my seat but she nudged my shoulder .
tr	I	There was nothing that she could do to stop it , and no , it was definitely not going to be ok .
tr	I	She was not sure where it came from but she could still hear his footsteps .
tr	O	惊讶浮现在他的脸上，但是它很快变成了一声喊叫。
tr	I	The appropriate services shall be contacted or leave now .
tr	I	I was instantly turned on , but I didn 't know if it was the fact that we were out in the open .
tr	O	他甚至不想那样称呼她，但是他不知道该用什么别的词。
tr	O	他靠在教堂的沙石墙上，并且我靠在他的胸前。
tr	I	The kitchen filled with an aroma that made my stomach rumble and Time passed .
tr	I	I was only a tool , but I 'd thought I was his partner .
tr	O	我有一些需要动用的人情，但是我将查明真相。
tr	I	He gave me a big smile and Charlie 's round face soon appeared .
tr	I	His face was smudged with smoke , and Catfish was sweating despite the cold .
tr	I	We might be able to take them down together , but they looked pretty tough .
tr	O	我已经溜了进去，并且使用了一些我从一个受害者那里偷来的硬币购买了一瓶葡萄酒。
tr	I	He might take Micah 's side in that situation , and warning humans about a Reboot attack basically made us traitors .
tr	I	He gave it no thought , but a small chimera ran past Heisenberg .
tr	O	无法永远避免，但是把它推迟几个小时似乎也不是个坏主意。
tr	O	疼痛啃噬着她的意识边缘，但是查尔斯环在她肩上的手臂使她稳定下来。
tr	I	I taken a journey alone and not since we first came Topside had Fade .
tr	I	His eyes widened and he glanced up .
tr	I	The fountains aren 't flowing , and Metal gates cover the shops .
tr	I	Though he knew what she was silently aiming at , he made no motion to explain himself and Lina gave him a funny look .
tr	O	她直视芬坦，并且他胃里感到一阵异样。
tr	I	She was seeing stars , and her head was spinning .
tr	I	Even on your first visit here you were quite dazed and when I first heard your voice you seemed very groggy .
tr	O	杰米的呼吸一窒，并且她无法阻止自己弓起身子迎向他的触碰。
tr	O	我猛地抽回双手，并且她的眼睛因尴尬而睁大。
tr	I	She had no intention of permitting herself to fall under his sensual spell , but she knew she wasn 't immune to him .
tr	I	I dare a peek and the sound of a stampede encloses me .
tr	O	她再次拨打莫妮卡的手机，并且电话仍然直接转到了语音信箱。
tr	I	He knew that being known as a mass murderer would actually get him respect in the joint , and he 'd been in jail already .
tr	O	我决定是时候重新开始了，并且我选择在西海岸实现它。
tr	O	他眯起眼睛，好像在审视我，并且接着他移步坐下。
tr	I	At the other end I think I see someone , but the hall seems to tilt in front of me .
tr	I	The sea taketh , right and the sea giveth ?
tr	O	然后当你上船时，雨果会从他的柱子后面走出来，并且表演开始了。
tr	O	蒂芙尼曾介入他们之间，但是他让她那样做了。
tr	I	We both knew it , and we were about to cross a line .
tr	I	My stomach lit up , and I took a sip .
tr	O	丹尼斯回头望向幽灵，但是她的椅子是空的。
tr	O	自从他不愿离开卡拉身边后，没有人再见过西蒙，但是麦迪会定期出来汇报进展。
tr	O	我的双腿缠在他的腰间并且他向我挺进，我们之间没有留下任何距离。
tr	O	那天他们预报有暴风雨，但是根据雷达显示，暴风雨要到比赛结束后才会进入我们区域。
tr	O	她怀着身孕肚子很大，并且我想我们的女儿应该准备好了。
tr	O	我仔细端详着这位住户布满皱纹的脸，但是他几乎不显得有威胁性。
tr	I	Julie started back to her room , and a scream pierced the air .
tr	I	I couldn 't help feeling like I could trust him , but I knew it was a silly thing to think .
tr	O	他非常紧张，并且我一点也不怪他。
tr	O	我不知道是为了什么，但是有些人认为是为了他们即将建造的一座工厂。
tr	I	Now I 'm not and I was dead .
tr	I	Now that seemed very long ago , but the day had started so well at the beach .
tr	I	Then they closed the door behind them , and she offered a small smile in thanks .
tr	O	我把信用卡递给她，以换取那小小的金液瓶，并且我因它的尺寸而大声笑了出来。
tr	O	我不为我们逃跑而感到沮丧，但是我本会反击的。
tr	I	Mat reluctantly rode him down , and a fat man with bloodied cheeks stumbled into the road .
tr	I	She looked away and her lips pressed in a hard line .
tr	I	She unloaded a bullet into the creature 's head , stopping it dead in its tracks , and Cordelia 's left hand swung into view .
tr	O	他看了看手机，上面显示下午十一点，但是看起来太阳已经落山了。
tr	I	Such things make him happy anyway , but Elijah knows it 's quite simple .
tr	O	这里很热，或者也许只是酒精的作用。
tr	O	你说阿比盖尔永远不会认识她的母亲，但是她却通过你而活着。
tr	O	我看到丽贝卡微微一颤，并且我明白了她的感受。
tr	O	她没打算那么做，但是塞莱斯特总能察觉到她使用的那些小词。
tr	I	That wasn 't saying much at all , but she was a little more well-fed than the other two .
tr	I	He couldn 't quite put his finger on it , but something hit him hard .
tr	O	我的双臂被反扭到身后，并且我的头被头发向后拉，暴露出我的喉咙。
tr	O	你想知道他们在想什么，所以你才能真正帮助他们，真正看穿所有废话，但是你不能。
tr	I	She wouldn 't argue with Pappy , but my mother wouldn 't like it .
tr	I	She wondered if Willard would still be there and it was after shift by the time she reached the morgue .
tr	I	Tammy jumped and the shop door bell rang .
tr	I	I worried I was going to faint , and the world was doing that thing where it started to spin .
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他便开口了。
tr	I	I immediately noticed the ears pricked up on the horses and there was something different .
tr	O	她稍微转向了他，但是她的身体依然对着乔什的床。
tr	O	我担心他不再对我抱有强烈感情了，但是也许我错了。
tr	I	That was it , but I recognized one of them as a particularly complicated celtic knot .
tr	I	They fell to the ground and he controlled the energy , diverted the icicles away .
tr	O	金属链子断了，但是薇瑞提甚至都没有注意到。
tr	I	I expect you to use it and the university provides you with a perfectly acceptable room .
tr	O	我转了一整个圈，但是庇护所里没有人跟我在一起。
tr	I	I hope she understands that , and we 're just friends .
tr	O	仿佛接到指令一般，我的手机在我的盘子旁边震动起来，并且我瞥了一眼，屏幕随即亮了起来。
tr	I	Now she should focus on moving on , and he was done .
tr	O	她的眼睛闪烁了一下，并且她慢慢地点了点头。
tr	I	I could not hit him but I frantically fired at the policeman down the hall .
tr	O	她很浪漫，而且他却如此沉郁。
tr	I	It probably won 't be the last and this isn 't the first time he 's had to pick me up under these kinds of circumstances .
tr	O	我从床上站起来，并且她从浴室门口露出困惑的表情。
tr	O	他想与我交配，但是我就是无法想象。
tr	I	There was no sight , but her eyelids fluttered open .
tr	O	约瑟芬转身看向那个旋涡，它不仅以汹涌的力量搅动着，而且在其中心显现出一个能量矩阵。
tr	O	他们是刻意撞见的，并且他希望继续撞见下去。
tr	I	My dad is sitting there in his dragon form and I walk closer to the throne .
tr	O	巫师们迫切需要一种方法来增强他们的魔法，并且他们不打算在没有实质性威胁的情况下退缩。
tr	I	I wanted to shake with defeat and I felt the hard metal of the gun ram into my rib cage .
tr	O	他的黑发垂在眼前，并且他的背包随意地搭在肩上。
tr	O	她打开了照亮门廊的电灯开关，并且她拉开了老橡木门上的黄铜夜闩。
tr	I	He knew he didn 't enjoy it , but he didn 't know what it was .
tr	O	我曾向她保证我不会抓住他，并且我曾带她进屋亲自安抚她。
tr	O	我告诉过你亚历山大是幕后主使，但是一个名字说明不了什么。
tr	O	我转过身，没料到她会跟着，但是她确实跟来了，在我走向梳妆台时，她刚进我房间就在门口停住了。
tr	O	她以前尖叫过，是为德雷克，但是那些尖叫是关于愉悦的。
tr	O	我们周围的气氛很紧张，并且我能感觉到内尔身上散发出的反感。
tr	O	大约百分之十五过量服用它的人因此而死，并且另外百分之五的人最终陷入昏迷。
tr	O	我早上起床可能会很困难，但是没有什么比入侵者更能让人精神振奋了。
tr	O	他们是士兵——列兵——，并且他们因为抢劫被开除。
tr	I	She found that she was a patient vampire , but Angelina had always been an impatient young girl .
tr	I	Harry didn 't notice , but she called out again .
tr	I	It would be spectacular , and he could see the story taking shape .
tr	O	我太灵活了，并且他们常常在混乱中互相攻击。
tr	O	我回想，试图记起来，但是什么也想不起来。
tr	I	I somehow find a way to reply , but my lungs are begging me for air .
tr	I	The yorkie remedied its harmful effects , and loneliness was not a good thing .
tr	O	它是他的，并且她不想想起他。
tr	O	去年卡罗琳和杰克约会了一个月，而且梅布里知道她使出浑身解数想抓住他。
tr	O	我知道听起来怎么样，但是我忍不住。
tr	O	她的手心出汗了，并且她的四肢开始微微颤抖。
tr	O	迪伦没有立刻回应，并且一瞬间她以为他会说不。
tr	O	门滑上了，并且外观消失了。
tr	I	He decided to let it pass , but he only cared about results .
tr	O	汽车几乎看不见，但是她知道它在那里。
tr	O	有点酸痛，但是那没关系。
tr	I	Things seemed to be getting worse , but he had dealt with her moods for years , even when they were sometimes hurtful .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but she tried again to dreamscape .
tr	O	一切都太少，太晚了，并且尽管她疯狂努力，她也无法阻止不可避免的事情。
tr	O	我们把他的照片散发到各地，包括贝尔法斯特，但是没有人认出他。
tr	O	我以为她会说更多，但是她只是重复了那个。
tr	O	我们不能再像人类那样哺乳它们，并且它们需要混合的营养物质。
tr	O	鲁本又向阿吉转过身，并且他的脸看起来像科拉问亚历克斯关于伊丽莎白女王时的样子。
tr	I	I figured I should at least ask , but I knew Colin wasn 't there for a drink .
tr	O	我犹豫了，并且她看到了。
tr	I	He nodded vigorously and Paul 's face lit up .
tr	I	It landed in a heap at his feet and he shrugged off his jacket .
tr	O	我回想这一天，并且我的思绪集中在湖边的那个男孩身上。
tr	O	他盲目地抓住了那种感觉，并且戈登反过来抓住了他。
tr	O	我看着保安把一个人扔出俱乐部，并且他落在我的脚边。
tr	I	The truth was more complicated , but the word came out automatically .
tr	I	My eyes located the blurry green exit sign above the media lab door , but my brain protested the vertigo .
tr	I	Then into each added a spoonful of powdered orchid root , and she poured some of the hot water into two mugs .
tr	I	In fact we had , but I shook my head .
tr	O	托尼到处交朋友，但是你却全心投入工作。
tr	I	I didn 't want you to see me like that , and I was a mess .
tr	O	它差点把我从栏杆上冲走，但是我却紧紧抓住了。
tr	O	她摇了摇头，并且她得到的那个诱惑的笑容在她的小腹深处引发了一阵小小的爆炸。
tr	I	This would resonate well with the men who were her real audience , but she didn 't want to lose the children 's attention .
tr	O	树叶正在变色，但是空气很温暖。
tr	O	寂静将我环绕，并且我用我的声音将其填满。
tr	O	她可以用收到的租金处理许多事情，并且其他的事情可以等到她的季度津贴到账。
tr	O	马多克斯在大厅找到了雷耶斯，但是这位战士并非孤身一人。
tr	I	He stood up as well , and I rose to my feet .
tr	I	Everything I did would come back on her and Taylor was tangled up in this mess now .
tr	I	I 'm trying to catch my breath , but I want to say something to her .
tr	I	The ranch is running fine , and they do a good job .
tr	I	I knew to remain silent , and she glanced over at me .
tr	I	Bubble gum pink was not my color , but the sweater was pretty .
tr	O	音乐震耳欲聋，并且地板在颤动。
tr	O	那是他们给我的一个硬币，并且我什么也得不到。
tr	O	我认为当权者已经为金融崩溃做了计划，但是他们不知道中东局势将如何最终解决。
tr	I	Yet , I didn 't play for her , and I knew she could not resist the music .
tr	I	It was going to make Carrie cry , and this wasn 't going to be good .
tr	O	我非常想训斥她，但是我无法下定决心这样做。
tr	O	金赛继续拉扯她的手臂，但是这毫无用处。
tr	O	我犹豫了一秒钟，但是我清楚这个女人知道一些我不知道的事情。
tr	O	大量的食物从服务桌上消失了，并且那个穿着白衣的壮实年轻女子正在清理残余物。
tr	O	她听到了狼嚎，但是她不确定它们离庭院的这部分有多近。
tr	O	门突然开了，并且我很庆幸让李进来后没有锁门。
tr	I	Few prisoners ever manage to escape and they have tight security .
tr	I	I mouthed off and I was upset .
tr	I	Most everyone got off the ship , but apparently there was still a large fire .
tr	O	如果维拉还活着会更好，但是她死了对我来说也同样有用。
tr	O	她的表情很严厉，但是迈克尔肯定看到了我没看到的东西，因为他咧嘴笑了。
tr	O	它正在为上坡而降档，并且在声音中他能感觉到向他运来的货物有多重。
tr	I	Then Shawn rotated the girls , changing the groups so they would all be forced to work together , and they chatted lightly for a while longer .
tr	I	He jerked his head to the side , flicking his hair from his eyes and his arms remained folded .
tr	O	天很安静，并且他知道许多长凳会对无家可归者很有吸引力。
tr	O	除非那个孩子非常特殊，也就是说，并且我的父母可能不会透露那个信息。
tr	I	We continue to drive in silence and he puts the car into gear .
tr	I	A volley of rifle shots were sent in our direction and we got to the ranch at the foothills .
tr	O	我很抱歉我要错过葬礼，但是我夏天要去杰克逊家。
tr	O	港口正受到教皇特工的监视，并且由于北方的饥荒，雇佣兵很便宜。
tr	I	He was unaccustomed to being questioned , but he didn 't mean to fidget .
tr	I	His flinty eyes watched everyone with seeming disinterest , and he 'd smoothed his usually messy hair back .
tr	I	I could manage them , but they were a little big .
tr	O	他们重复了两次这些话，并且像瘟疫一样，乌鸦开始掉落。
tr	O	金姆猛击了他的腹部，并且他弯下了腰。
tr	O	我们已经同意进行调查，并且伊桑在情况安全之前不能离开庄园。
tr	O	我身处一个魔法领域，里面充满了魔法之人，并且我拥有魔法能力。
tr	O	她在他坐下前吻了他，并且当他们的思想触碰时，一股愉悦的颤抖传遍了他的全身。
tr	I	It was common knowledge that some people snuck it in , but Alcohol wasn 't allowed on school grounds , of course .
tr	O	这是一个真正的项圈，并且迪伦把它带给了菲昂。
tr	I	He 'd give just as much and he would demand she give everything .
tr	O	嗯，严格来说他上次不是我的男朋友，但是他一直在和我调情。
tr	I	He swallowed once , and his voice was wavering .
tr	O	口袋翻了出来，并且闪亮的硬币洒落一地，如一道闪烁的瀑布坠入深渊。
tr	I	This time it 's as it should be , but I leave myself behind .
tr	O	我只看过照片，但是我敢打赌亲眼看会更好。
tr	I	This time , he looked afraid , and he was still backing away .
tr	I	I think he 's embarrassed to be caught caring , and he half smiles at me .
tr	O	他的目光通常飘向窗外，并且他看着黑夜开始泛白。
tr	O	他的父亲是曼哈顿一家大型律师事务所的合伙人，并且他的母亲是城里一位著名的电视新闻主播。
tr	O	他很瘦，但是他双拳紧握，无声地愤怒着，我能看到肌肉的硬朗线条绷紧在他的衣袖下。
tr	O	他的手臂被抬到了水面，但是没有触碰。
tr	O	保安在他跑过时对他大喊，但是埃利奥特没有理会他。
tr	I	That 's when he saw his younger brother glaring at him and he shook his wet hair out of his eyes .
tr	I	The huge gash Sky had cut into it and his hood fell back , revealing his face .
tr	O	她抬头凝视着他，并且他笑了。
tr	I	I could not hear him , but he repeated it .
tr	O	她当然想过他，但是她已经把所有想见他的念头都放到了一边。
tr	O	我努力搜寻着它，但是寂静依然顽固。
tr	I	He began to taunt me , and his friends had gathered about .
tr	I	You will never have the chance to speak with her privately , but I 'm sorry , Anna .
tr	O	你太忙了，但是你没有看到任何选择。
tr	I	It happened anyway , but hell , I hadn 't wanted things to change .
tr	O	她的头重重地磕在地板上，并且她的眼睛向上翻去。
tr	O	她在玩闹，但是她也很认真。
tr	O	他的脸在他凝视远山时毫无表情，并且这让特拉的胃部紧张起来。
tr	O	他的手在我们注视下四处游走，并且我无法掩饰我有多兴奋。
tr	O	他爸爸在那里，穿着一件Polo衫，并且他笑得很开心。
tr	I	A low tingle starts in my lower stomach , and his eyes comb over my body approvingly .
tr	O	我得回去工作了，但是我对你的感激难以言表。
tr	O	我能听到声音，但是我却看不到手套。
tr	O	她在把头靠在我胸前之前叹了口气，并且我开始缓慢地抚摸她的头发。
tr	O	当我回到椅子上时，我感觉好了一点，但是我仍然心不在焉。
tr	I	Edward seemed just as comfortable as he had when I was on the phone with Ren e , and I took a break to call Jacob .
tr	O	我踢得更用力了，并且他的手收紧了。
tr	I	Lacy 's spirits had soared , and he had smiled in return .
tr	O	她的言语进入我的耳朵，但是我没有理解它们。
tr	I	I found myself hungrier than expected and I ate my meal .
tr	I	He was forced to disengage and something flashed past his cheek .
tr	O	我开始猛关门，但是他远远地伸过座位，阻止门完全关上。
tr	I	Now she worried it would be ruined , but Kendra had wanted to catch that movie .
tr	I	It 's you I fell in love with , but Jeff is a wonderful plus in this relationship .
tr	I	Your body was cremated on Earth , but when you killed yourself , your spirit came here .
tr	I	The view flashed to the exterior , and the two-dimensional figures exited the cottage .
tr	O	互动的总体形式可以被猜测，但是具体结果是不确定的。
tr	O	我咯咯地笑了，并且他笑了。
tr	I	Ice , vending machines , everything else are about twenty feet past your room , but I know it 's late .
tr	I	I slid my hands under his sweater and his fingers dug into the waistband of my jeans .
tr	I	They were so cute when they were together , but they could not have looked any less like a couple that belonged with one another .
tr	I	The screen now showed no bars , and her call to Bill had dropped .
tr	O	亚伯在另一张桌子旁向我求助，并且我再也没有回到那个骑摩托车的家伙身边。
tr	O	然后她抬头看着哈德逊，并且她的脸从自然的苍白色变成了玫瑰色的光泽。
tr	I	The light breeze was blowing , and one window was open wide .
tr	I	I can 't open it , but I grab for my necklace .
tr	O	第二个莫格至少设法够到了他的爆能枪，但是那也是他能做到的极限了。
tr	I	It fell to the ground , landing on a soft patch of lawn and stunned , she forgot about her milk .
tr	O	这个情景让我听起来像一个外星人，用吸管吸她的脑浆，但是它也多少有点道理。
tr	O	门开了，并且他进去了。
tr	O	那是一个带倾角的急转弯，并且导致我不得不猛打方向。
tr	I	Then told her to cooperate with him , and he had drawn a weapon on her .
tr	O	当我们乘电梯下楼时我正要说话，但是罗布看了我一眼，让我闭了嘴。
tr	I	He had interesting ideas on what passed for good food , but Budda 's father was a fair cook .
tr	O	她的声音哽在喉咙里，并且她等待着那隐藏的呜咽退去才继续。
tr	O	清晨的空气冰冷刺骨，并且我抱紧自己以保持温暖。
tr	I	That was what mattered , and Hank was evil now .
tr	I	There 's still so much more to see , but I 've seen a chunk of the universe , true .
tr	I	The parking lot fell silent again and the driver turned the car off .
tr	O	有一天他会杀了他的老头子，但是现在他有了更好的人。
tr	O	我想把手放在他赤裸的肩膀上抚摸，但是我动弹不得。
tr	I	My heart raced a little at the thought of Kellan writing something just for me , and I wondered if the song was new .
tr	I	The way the moonlight glistened over the ocean water was magical , but it was dark out .
tr	O	室内的灯光把他的脸投在阴影中，但是我能看到他剪影中的美。
tr	I	Tristan freed himself and the ice began to melt .
tr	I	Luke 's mouth quickly replaced it and the material fell away .
tr	O	我已经为你写好了一套正式的命令，以防格兰比先生和我本人遭遇不测。
tr	O	我皱眉，因为我开始对托马斯感到恼火，而且他才刚到。
tr	O	离婚判决书被密封了，并且她获得了一项保护令。
tr	O	我稍稍跌了一下，心不在焉地，并且我的双手都被割开了。
tr	O	樱花点了点头，并且兄弟们一个接一个地告诉她他们想要什么。
tr	O	房间摇晃着，大楼也颤抖着，当我向前迈了一步时。
tr	I	It was still hard to watch someone so young with a tube down their throat , but I already knew he 'd be intubated .
tr	O	我的身体却很清楚，而且我只觉得几分钟过去了，当我后来发现马库斯把我叫醒时。
tr	I	I didn 't have time to change , but not the outfit I would have chosen .
tr	I	The unknown scared him immensely , and there was something back there that Fitch had to know .
tr	O	莎拉的脸上现出一丝惊讶，她现在直视着我，一言不发。
tr	O	黄牙在比声音更可怕的寂静中向前伸出...，并且头部被回声手中的铲子侧向砸碎。
tr	O	一个无性的夜晚是我最不担心的问题，并且尽管我们都没有说话，但我知道他睡得和我一样糟糕。
tr	I	She knew Brant was only marrying her to mother his children and she didn 't consider herself physically appealing .
tr	O	罗伯特停顿了一下，整理着思绪，并且保罗知道该保持沉默。
tr	I	She collapses to the floor and her worst fears are realized .
tr	O	普雷斯顿思考了片刻，并且他的脸亮了起来。
tr	I	Trevor narrowed his gaze and Nick couldn 't tear his gaze away from them .
tr	O	玻璃窗外的人们喘着气，并且我知道我麻烦了，因为他们显然以前从未见过这种事。
tr	O	茉莉笑了，并且他们握了手。
tr	I	It was ending so horribly , and all she 'd ever wanted from the family was acceptance .
tr	I	She smiled , liking the effect she had on him and his breath caught in his throat when her fingertips meant his skin .
tr	O	这应该很有趣，并且我们可以叙旧。
tr	O	那是需要处理的大量糖分，并且亚伦的脑子吃糖后总是会变得迟钝。
tr	O	她知道他在说英语，但是他说的任何话都毫无意义。
tr	O	我看着他做这件事，并且他甚至都没有费力。
tr	O	市长朝我走来，并且布莱斯走到了我们中间。
tr	I	Either way it would have been too late , but if he could have shouted for them to wait , he would have .
tr	O	格雷戈尔低声咕哝，并且索尼娅看向她的吸血鬼。
tr	I	I had no idea that he would go to those lengths , but I knew Owen had been angry .
tr	O	她怀疑地看了我一眼，但是当她意识到自己不必想办法安慰我时，她放松了下来。
tr	I	You feel so lonely it crushes you and I know how it feels when everything closes in .
tr	O	乔打电话给他的未来岳父，并且他们和赛奇坐了下来。
tr	I	She had done nothing to him , but he would have said as much to Madison .
tr	I	She tried again , and her mouth twisted .
tr	I	The tears coursed unchecked through her fingers , and the eyes that she had thought were permanently dry seemed to flood .
tr	I	She bit it to hide the betraying movement , and her bottom lip quivered at his sudden vehemence .
tr	I	His fists were clenched , and his eyes were lined with anger .
tr	I	I can 't fall asleep , and every night is a struggle .
tr	O	他徒劳地试图让谈话回到正轨，但是又过了几分钟后，这被证明是完全徒劳的努力。
tr	O	那些黑衣人可能一直在逼近一幅无价的画作，并且那位富有的女士只是一个愚蠢的艺术收藏家。
tr	O	丽塔在早餐桌旁坐下，并且山姆很快就加入了她。
tr	O	他知道，但是他从没说过。
tr	O	艾玛以为他会叫货车里的人载她一程，但是结果并非如此。
tr	O	瑞尔姆立刻从前面转过身，并且我知道一场好戏即将上演。
tr	O	锁松开了，并且门开了。
tr	I	Mostly I was embarrassed at being teased , but I 'd worried about getting in trouble .
tr	O	他只是一个人，并且我需要停止把他当成某种非人的东西。
tr	I	I went for them , and Sunlight reflected off the daggers attached to his thighs .
tr	O	我清空了我的思想，陷入了恍惚，并且当我走得更快时，那种感觉略微增强了。
tr	I	I finally picked a girl who had gone to college with Audrey and I was able to choose between no less than ten people .
tr	O	某些重要的事情即将发生，并且我有一种感觉，当它发生时我不想在那里。
tr	I	She removed his shirt and he raised his hands .
tr	O	1942年的机载雷达尚处于早期阶段，并且存在许多技术难题有待解决。
tr	I	I was starting to get restless , and three minutes had passed .
tr	O	格兰特的反应是扬了扬眉毛，但是他没有再说其他任何话。
tr	I	Her eyes were resolute , but her voice was quiet .
tr	O	侦探知道你的事情，并且他今晚应该会在附近。
tr	O	门被踢开了，并且怀亚特和其他人也跟着进来了。
tr	I	Suddenly her head swam , and people gathered either side , closing in .
tr	O	她开始走出树林，但是他的声音让她停下了脚步。
tr	O	我的意志很坚强，但是我的身体不行。
tr	I	He 's slumped back in his seat and his arms are folded over his chest .
tr	O	太阳循着它惯常的轨迹划过天空，然而它似乎从未落下。
tr	O	我不确定为什么我觉得有必要告诉他，但是向他倾诉一直都很容易。
tr	I	The wind fills my mouth when I open it to breathe , and the clouds are black with rain .
tr	I	Apparently he was too numb to think clearly , but he paused , waiting to be overwhelmed by objections .
tr	O	她的手臂环住了他的脖子，并且他感到一阵巨大的解脱。
tr	O	睡意朦胧正在慢慢消散，并且晨光透过窗户洒进来。
tr	O	哈珀走向窗户，并且我冲向她，抓住了她的手臂。
tr	O	这些话并非意在任何形式的诱惑，但是它们现在感觉就是那样。
tr	O	这就像它以前发生过，并且我正在回忆它发生时的情景。
tr	I	Nothing can hold my attention , but I attempt to watch TV for a while since I never have the opportunity .
tr	O	尼古拉斯被咖啡呛住了，并且他的眼镜在他盯着门口的年轻女子时差点从他漂亮的鼻子上掉下来。
tr	O	这项新挑战有所不同，而且噢，要吓人得多。
tr	O	她听见男人嘲笑她，但是这只增强了她证明他们是错的决心。
tr	O	嗯，他们把他送回来了，并且我们必须提供一名新飞行员。
tr	O	这确实是真的，但是听起来还是很蹩脚。
tr	I	A few goods were exposed for sale and some shutters were open in the town .
tr	I	She smiled uneasily , and a hint of her partner 's cologne wafted under her nostrils .
tr	I	Alexandra 's warning stare stopped him , but Jonathan wanted to answer , to tell the old man to can it .
tr	I	I don 't care , but I might be begging .
tr	I	Ethan handed her a fresh one and Blood came through almost instantly .
tr	I	Though both wore mirrored sunglasses , I knew what was behind them , and there were two more soldiers in it .
tr	O	他想出去，并且他，第一次在我前面穿过门。
tr	O	他会知道自己想要什么，并且他会从与他在一起的女人那里得到一切，否则就什么都不要。
tr	I	I thought I might be sick , and a wave of nausea watered my mouth .
tr	I	I didn 't feel in the mood for affection but his arms gave me an affectionate squeeze this time .
tr	O	录像显示八点四十五分，并且街道仍然空无一人。
tr	O	他们两个都很完美，并且我很爱当他们的妈妈。
tr	O	那条钻石鳞蛇更粗壮，肌肉更发达，并且它通过厚实的下颌头部的猛然向前突进移动。
tr	I	It hadn 't been this , but Maia wasn 't sure what she 'd thought being pack leader would be like .
tr	I	She 'd press her head against his and Jerry would slip his arm around her shoulder .
tr	I	Your technique is pathetic , but you now wield an excellent weapon .
tr	O	她犯了一个错误，并且现在更容易把它摆平。
tr	I	The pain of that injury permeated every blood cell until it was what fueled my rage and Blood gushed from the wound in my side .
tr	I	His hair shuffling around his face and the cold winter wind whipped up behind him , sending his overcoat fluttering about his legs .
tr	O	午饭还有大约十分钟就结束了，并且我却还没开始吃。
tr	O	我试图看一眼SUV上的车牌，但是却看不清那块深色车牌上的数字。
tr	O	他开始跌跌撞撞地出来，但是斯塔抓住了他的手臂。
tr	O	她侧身翻滚着，试图站起来，但是梦中的眩晕感现在真实地困扰着她的身体。
tr	O	引擎很响，并且行驶很颠簸。
tr	I	I 've killed women , and I 've hurt women .
tr	O	我们甚至无法安葬奥利维亚，但是她却把硬币带在了身上。
tr	I	They left the stadium together and he beat Renee to the lounge .
tr	I	He had to do something , but he was not sure what he would find .
tr	O	我有能力施展极端的暴力，甚至残酷，但是我不是吸血鬼。
tr	I	I am in prison , and I am a lawyer .
tr	I	That alone sets off a red flag , and it 's as if they 're purposefully keeping a safe distance .
tr	O	肯定是在河边选的这个地方，因为水声听起来像骨头在叹息，并且这抚慰着他。
tr	I	She looked up to see Sabin coming out on the porch , and his growl intensified .
tr	I	The mobile pointed at me , and I was still dwelling on this when the pillowcase was suddenly tugged off my head .
tr	O	他试图弥补，但是我不打算让他。
tr	I	He didn 't know how else to approach what was fast becoming an unmanageable situation , but shit , this wasn 't going well .
tr	O	他的黑眼睛里燃烧着冰冷的凌厉，并且他坚毅的五官暗示了他这些年必是看到了地狱。
tr	O	然后她又留了她的号码，并且挂断了电话。
tr	I	Afterwards he wouldn 't look at me , but it wasn 't like he didn 't care when I told him the story .
tr	O	我给他寄了一张照片，并且他把它寄回给我了。
tr	O	我的GPS说我们离派对只有几个街区了，但是我们能看到的只有树。
tr	O	太阳仍在尽情地展现它的光芒，并且她遮住脸去寻找噪音的来源。
tr	I	I never forgot to cry out his but I could barely remember my name .
tr	O	她回到了她应有的巅峰位置，并且她不打算让某个愚蠢的孩子来惹她。
tr	O	灯亮着，但是房间空无一人。
tr	O	音乐响起，并且下一支舞开始了。
tr	I	He held her on top of him , but once he was finished , she started to move to his side .
tr	I	The voice contained inside it rose in pitch , and the light kept rising off the stage floor .
tr	I	He is gone and it seems like only moments .
tr	O	彼得领着埃维走到窗边的一群人那里，并且埃维立刻认出那个年轻女人是塞雷娜·索尔特。
tr	I	She snorted in amusement -- clearly enjoying my suffering -- then went back to sobbing , and my eyelids drooped as I began to feel faint .
tr	I	The doors opened wide , and Lucian waved a hand .
tr	I	Time wasn 't on their side , but he wanted to soften the blow .
tr	O	考虑到他们身处山区，没有信号并不令人意外，但是甘赛却突然停下了脚步。
tr	I	I 've known her for years , but she 's new to the team .
tr	I	I loved her , and she was mine .
tr	O	两者都是艺术，但是天花板是故事，而地板是数学。
tr	O	他是不死族的工具，并且没有什么能阻止他完成他被委派的任务。
tr	I	He knew his place and he knew his work .
tr	I	He looked Dominic in the eye , and seconds later he was pulled up .
tr	O	我们会想念彼此，但是这是体验生活的一部分。
tr	O	我经常得到奖励，并且那让我变得更强。
tr	I	She probably didn 't need to shoot another , and Vanessa had shot one person in a car .
tr	I	Wendell had probably not even broken a sweat and two of my friends had now paid for my incompetence .
tr	O	如果你做了蠢事，它们可能会很危险，但是它们并不会特意去招惹人类。
tr	I	I run and a good-looking guy tries to get my attention ?
tr	I	I 'm looking straight ahead so you only see my profile and it 's the one where the butterfly was perched on my shoulder .
tr	I	Charlie interrupted before Edward could comment , but I knew what he was thinking .
tr	O	他的脸很瘦，并且他留着山羊胡。
tr	O	腿部正在自由地流血，现在是新鲜血液，但是他能看到毒素也已经排出。
tr	I	The music picks up and the lights from outside flash all around .
tr	O	他说他们快到了，并且她祈祷会有人听到。
tr	O	她翻过报纸的页面，拿起咖啡，又啜饮了一口，并且她的目光短暂地转向了他。
tr	I	I was the woman he wanted , but you were fun for a while .
tr	I	He preferred it that way ... and the people that knew him now would find it hard to imagine him as anything close to a soldier .
tr	I	I feel like doing a happy dance and she grins at me , relaxing a little .
tr	O	剑触碰了她的血，并且她的血在剑上。
tr	O	他没有给我打电话，并且那只让我相信他不想和我说话。
tr	O	他当时对此无动于衷，告诉自己她活该，但是他却想这样做。
tr	O	片刻之间，我以为迪安会抗议，但是他没有。
tr	O	我考虑过敲窗户，但是那可能会吓到他。
tr	O	他过去认识的那个女人的影像模糊不清，但是他当时的感觉却相当清晰。
tr	O	她几乎能尝到它的味道，并且她的舌头本能地伸出来，舔了舔嘴唇。
tr	O	她的高效多任务处理能力让我心潮澎湃，并且我举起那叠邮件让她看到。
tr	I	It wasn 't long before Sofia brought me dinner , and the day passed quickly .
tr	I	The patrons were beginning to head back to their carriages , and the fireworks display had finished thirty minutes earlier .
tr	O	我们上次见面时，她蓝色的静脉血管像海洋地图一样清晰突出，但是在这灯光下，她看起来几乎正常。
tr	I	It did , and it could .
tr	O	前方，门分开了，并且一个身影走了出来。
tr	I	He was trying to conceal his accent by exaggerating a British twang , and his voice was slightly muffled because of the ski mask .
tr	O	这件东西对汉娜来说有点小，但是她还是设法把它套在了衣服外面。
tr	O	她没有回来取走它们，并且阿里凝视着她那整洁工整的笔迹。
tr	O	当他睁开眼睛时，他的瞳孔放大了，并且他邪恶地笑了。
tr	O	她跟着他走进休息室，并且他们一起坐在沙发上。
tr	O	我知道会这样，但是我还是要去。
tr	I	He tossed his weapon , but Barton hated doing it .
tr	O	行李最终会安全抵达，并且奖品，汤姆，也随他们而去。
tr	I	We could give it to her , but Alexandra would need special care .
tr	I	Still she thought she could act that way and he was half her age .
tr	I	I sat down facing her , and she eased herself onto the couch .
tr	I	She was always good at seeing to it and I guess the tension needed breaking .
tr	O	我的声音失去了任何说服力，并且这次齐尔知道我是在找借口。
tr	O	路易斯用剃刀做了一个突然而有力的动作，并且华金的身体离开了桌面。
tr	O	她不想去想这个小事故会对她的保险费造成什么影响，但是她别无选择。
tr	I	With a yank , I pulled his pants down to his knees , and my hands groped around his belt buckle .
tr	O	天气很热，并且我的脾气更火爆。
tr	I	They 've been stealing glances at one another in the lab over the past few weeks , but Timothy has never spoken to her .
tr	O	他不知道，并且这不重要。
tr	O	她醒来后不太可能记住它们，但是他会。
tr	O	那我来处理我的事情，并且你来处理你的。
tr	I	She chuckled deeply and Ellis ' eyes sparkled .
tr	O	有些是我已经和护士们做过的重复动作，但是我温顺地接受了这种打扰。
tr	O	我告诉自己我不会像狗追兔子一样追逐泰勒·文森特，但是事实上我可能已经这么做了。
tr	I	It also made her feel vulnerable but it was much cooler like that .
tr	O	保持完美的温度并且提供体面的生活方式。
tr	I	He let her and she stepped back .
tr	O	一位新党员昨天报名了，并且他长得像你。
tr	I	She couldn 't quite believe it , but she knew what Eve would say .
tr	O	我讨厌皱眉，但是我现在皱眉了。
tr	I	A perverse technicality made genetic repairs useless , but they had sought to repair her failing heart .
tr	I	Something happening to either of the kids and he couldn 't risk them being overtaken .
tr	I	It means the Milky Way , the Galaxy that Earth is part of and thus you will read the term Galaxy as capitalized .
tr	O	他的衬衫皱了，并且他的头发蓬乱。
tr	I	Every muscle tightened and his teeth clenched .
tr	O	我面前的那碗汤在我吃完之前就凉了，并且汤里还有饼干泡着。
tr	O	当菲普斯快退休时，英格兰施加了压力让库珀被聘为学校校长，并且库珀从那时起就一直是他的心腹。
tr	O	巴迪温柔体贴的关怀深深地打动了她，而且她也自由地敞开了心扉。
tr	I	I was almost sure that the floorboards underneath were heated , and the flooring from the hall continued inside the room .
tr	O	教授尖叫起来，并且他全身都绷紧了。
tr	O	我逼问他套取信息，而且我为此感到非常糟糕。
tr	I	All four of us looked at Tuck , and he beamed .
tr	I	They 're not here , and I see where all the opportunities are .
tr	O	她在我办公桌旁，但是我怎么也想不明白她一直在做什么。
tr	O	我一边喘口气一边推迟了，并且我父亲去年把自己调到这里来了。
tr	I	He re-appeared a couple months later with my one-time friend holding his hand , and he made himself disappear .
tr	I	Her expression was eager , but the words were doubtful .
tr	I	We could not fight it in the jungle and the money was coming in to build the government army .
tr	O	康纳笑了一声，并且我看了他一眼。
tr	I	Accepted among them and to be honored .
tr	I	They had a party in his stomach and dizziness joined Blake 's nausea .
tr	I	Realistically knowing it 's not his fault , but I wait , still wanting to be mad at him for not knowing my brother .
tr	I	I 'm a guest of your tribe , and that 's the way of the Dog People .
tr	I	Harcourt walked out holding a pair of skulls and the double doors banged open .
tr	I	Rusty is nowhere to be found , but I look around as we walk .
tr	O	雾气弥漫在房间里，并且她吸入了甜美香气的味道，这让她感到头晕目眩。
tr	O	沃尔特碰了她，是的，但是她身体的每个部分都枯萎了。
tr	O	它们中的许多都是精美插图的艺术作品，并且朱莉娅会周期性地沉迷于这些画中。
tr	O	你的气色回来了，并且你一如既往地看起来很可爱。
tr	O	在他笑容的背后，他的脸色苍白，并且他的眼中带着一丝冰冷。
tr	O	我们所有人都知道，然而我们没有体谅你，告诉你发生了什么。
tr	O	我朝那条狗的方向踢了一些泥土，但是它只是叫得更凶了。
tr	O	珍妮问了，并且达伦耸了耸肩。
tr	I	Brad was inside the cab and Ali was under the hood .
tr	O	他喝了一点酒，并且他的话语变得含糊不清。
tr	I	He needs to feel like an actor , but I 'm sure it 's his first .
tr	I	It showed and she knew he 'd started working out at a gym three mornings a week .
tr	O	她狂野的目光锁定在他的身上，并且她恳求他。
tr	O	茱莉没有牵他的手，但是她默默地走在他身边。
tr	O	我不能告诉他我正做着关于威尔的噩梦，或者我将不得不解释原因。
tr	O	西德拉在尽可能快地书写，但是有那么多的规则！
tr	I	Her eyes met Brett 's and she looked around , bewildered .
tr	I	He takes two more forward and I take another step back .
tr	I	My stomach aches for it and no , it smells good .
tr	I	The dolphin was ignoring it , but she was holding a fish out over the water .
tr	O	我正在回顾这份笔记，而且看起来我今天确实特别称赞了你的毛衣——显然是很多次。
tr	I	She 'd come here with the intention of giving it and Cheyenne had begged for her support .
tr	O	然后她融化在他的怀里，并且他们俩有一段时间没有说话。
tr	I	His own heart went into overdrive , but he couldn 't speak for her .
tr	I	I 'll wait for you and I really want you to come back .
tr	I	You wouldn 't think anything in particular of it , but your aches might be slightly less soothed .
tr	O	她立刻湿了，并且她让她的双腿分得更开，将她的下唇张得更宽。
tr	I	Voices could be heard and desk phones rang .
tr	I	Yet they couldn 't pin him down and they were so close .
tr	I	I 'll let this screwed up boy go and give me her .
tr	O	特拉维斯很好，但是他在桥开头的部分有麻烦，所以他应该排在第二位。
tr	I	He didn 't crumble to pieces as he hoped he would , but he felt the guy tense up .
tr	I	Her trembling hands were cold at the fingertips , and Pain soon followed .
tr	I	Besides , it belonged to Colin , who had provided the first orgasm of her life , and she 'd stroked this penis .
tr	I	Instead his cheek felt cold , but I was expecting a fever .
tr	O	我的双手，在我身侧一直颤抖着，猛地举起，并且我释放出一个能量球。
tr	O	那里没有窗户，并且隐私受到了欢迎。
tr	O	当然，他喜欢让女人高潮，但是她把它带到了一个全新的高度。
tr	O	我吃晚餐时我们没有说话，但是当我看向时钟时，对话开始了。
tr	O	克里斯要么会接受德文，或者他不会。
tr	I	The others started to get nervous , too , and there was another crack , closer this time .
tr	O	她试图退回空盒子，但是他不愿意收。
tr	O	她完成了她的第一次口 * 腔服务，并且那是一次成功。
tr	I	My brain wasn 't working all that well , so my jaw tended to hang open a bit , but I shook his hand .
tr	O	这花了一些力气，但是我看着他。
tr	I	Adrian closes his eyes and I bellow like the beast that I am .
tr	O	我可以做出更多类似的，但是我不认为有任何一个会像这一个一样强大。
tr	I	She didn 't like the hard , uncompromising look on his face and Lucas turned .
tr	I	She wondered if he 'd just awakened , and his voice was harsh , almost guttural .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , entering a black world of blissful sleep , and I began to relax , feeling warm , as my legs stretched .
tr	I	The pain wracked my body so badly that I couldn 't find the strength to stand , but I crawled away .
tr	O	他是我的爸爸，而且他不应该和比我大几岁的人亲热。
tr	O	他看着阿兰，并且他对他微微点了点头。
tr	I	She will be my tree and they will be my ghouls .
tr	I	Apparently they liked it if they still lived there , but it wasn 't where she would want to live .
tr	O	睁大你的眼睛，并且时间会证实我所说的一切。
tr	I	The correspondence had continued by e-mail , and he 'd written her a letter after Dan 's death .
tr	O	埃斯梅很开心，但是总有一种感觉，像幻肢痛一样，她失去了一部分自我。
tr	O	莱夫刚才所在的地方的空气现在闪烁着色彩，但是很快这种闪烁就消失了。
tr	I	I believe it was directed at Max , not my living space , but I could detect the slight edge of disapproval .
tr	I	At first it would not eat , and he fed it from his hand .
tr	I	It made him smile , and her directness was refreshing .
tr	O	我把他丢给他们，心里有点过意不去，但是他至少能喝到茶。
tr	O	乔西看起来和我一样心碎，而且最糟糕的是我无法安慰她。
tr	I	You don 't , but I belong here .
tr	I	He was havin ' none of it ; and well Shemp .
tr	O	我一直表现得很好，但是我明白明年将是我从未经历过的。
tr	O	我哭得很厉害，而且感觉非常好。
tr	O	乐队走向了草坪，并且舞蹈又开始了。
tr	O	也许我到场能减轻寻找那个孩子和你们的压力。
tr	I	Knowing us , he would hide them in his office , but he always kept a stash of Oreos in the house .
tr	O	马特开口了，而且伊森能看到那对犯罪伙伴脚尖对脚尖，离他们预定的猎物只有几英寸。
tr	O	她隔着桌子盯着他，并且他的眼睛在她被审视时微微眯起。
tr	O	我盯着冒烟的建筑，并且我的全身开始颤抖。
tr	I	They won 't drink it , but I 've heard of people who try to drug the horses ' water .
tr	O	你是一个很棒的朋友，而且我感觉自己在占你的便宜。
tr	I	I knew it made him think even more kindly of Miss Cordelia , but Turtle probably would be the last one to say it out loud .
tr	O	我感到胆汁涌上喉咙，并且我不确定发生了什么。
tr	O	蒸汽机里的火在几个小时前就熄灭了，但是拖车很好地保持了热量。
tr	O	他的手指现在正在摩擦我的下背部，并且我想知道我是否在犯一个错误。
tr	O	她敲了门，但是没有人应答。
tr	O	我的手指紧握着，但是我忍住了没有把他拍扁。
tr	I	You him and this stallion was lucky to find you .
tr	O	他的想象力开始取代他更理性的想法，并且他设想了各种不可能发生的事情。
tr	I	He comes back with two bottles of beer and I sit down .
tr	O	当她这样做的时候，她的手滑过我的前臂，并且一阵刺痛的热感随着她手的每一次轻微移动而传来。
tr	O	有空座位，但是大多数排都已有人。
tr	I	There was a knot of fear growing in his stomach , but he was trying everything he could to keep his composure steady .
tr	I	I did not mind but his hand was cold .
tr	I	When her hands met his bare shoulders her fingers dug into them , but Rena raised her hands to push him away .
tr	I	I wondered how easily he could tone the others out and he acted as if we were the only two here .
tr	I	They braved the Philadelphia traffic to find their hotel for the evening and Sharon escorted them to the parking lot .
tr	O	我讨厌争吵，但是我们的关系已经沦为一场意气之争。
tr	I	None were standing , and almost none of them were sitting up .
tr	O	他的红发向后梳得油光发亮，并且他眼中熟悉的友善光芒已经消失了。
tr	O	我们需要钱，而且我得到了。
tr	I	Suddenly I noticed him , and Guido put on a baseball cap .
tr	I	With Greta 's age , they 'd never worried about it , and they 'd never expected to have children , never wanted to .
tr	I	I liked it and she was direct .
tr	O	她笑了，并且他们谈论了其他事情。
tr	O	他让她抓狂，而且她想要更多。
tr	O	事实上他听起来完全理解，但是我感到了千里之外的失望。
tr	O	只要再加根棍子穿过去，并且我就可以成为流浪汉了。
tr	I	That had been when she trusted him , but he had been forceful before .
tr	O	我们聊了起来，并且他们告诉我发生了什么。
tr	O	他的颜色对她来说很陌生，但是她一生中从未去过比麦当劳乐园更远的地方。
tr	O	我们之间沉默了一秒钟，并且我把眼睛迅速抬到他的脸上。
tr	I	She looked almost rational , and the ferocity had slowly drained away from Tasha 's face during Garn 's speech .
tr	O	我张开嘴准备祈祷，但是话语冻结在我的喉咙里。
tr	I	The suite door opened eventually , but she didn 't know how long she stood there , shaking , naked .
tr	I	Sliding wooden doors that were currently open to reveal a four-poster king-sized bed and it opened up to a full-size loft with its own smaller sitting area .
tr	O	她张开了嘴，但是没有发出任何声音。
tr	I	We moved on his call and the center would make the snap count .
tr	O	他的思绪混乱，并且他无法理解她所说的一切。
tr	I	I am , but I don 't want to be thinking this .
tr	I	I 'm not saying she 's not , and I 'm not saying she is his cousin .
tr	O	他知道他伤害了你，但是他害怕面对那样的后果。
tr	I	This worried me and Kyle , the senior quarterback , was improving .
tr	I	She 'd proved it even more by rejecting me , and I 'd always known she was smart .
tr	I	I raised a hand , warding her off , but she rushed forward .
tr	O	她毕竟有很多特质，但是喜欢拥抱并不是其中之一。
tr	I	The emotional tie she has to you is undeniably strong , that 's been proved once already , but she might not be aware of it .
tr	O	我单臂拥抱了他，并且他用双臂环住了我。
tr	O	她能感觉到自己的眼眶湿润了，但是她依然注视着他的目光。
tr	I	His body looked tense and his features looked hard .
tr	O	发射器已经被预订了，并且他们把我赶走了。
tr	I	We plunged back into what Willow called the sphere and she pulled .
tr	I	The angle was all wrong , but he could try severing the limb that had him .
tr	I	I lean in to speak in his ear , where only he will hear me , and he glances at me in surprise .
tr	I	I looked down at it , seeing that it was Sophia and my cell phone buzzed before I could dial .
tr	I	He did what he knew , and he knew what was best for him .
tr	I	A buzzing filled my ears and they still hadn 't stopped kissing .
tr	O	如同珠宝商的风格，那是一个盒中盒，但是很快就被她灵巧的指尖打开了。
tr	O	他的心跳加速了，并且他忍不住笑了。
tr	O	盖伊无法看清夜空，但是幸好他非常清楚自己要往哪里去。
tr	I	She 'll be okay , but she 's been stunned .
tr	O	你把自己弄得筋疲力尽，并且我希望能帮上更多的忙。
tr	O	它们在视觉上可能与它们相似，但是它们没有正确移动。
tr	I	Involving him was the last thing she wanted , but Ethan 's face bloomed in her mind .
tr	I	He catches them and I toss him the keys .
tr	O	我的身体感到沉重，并且我的头在眩晕。
tr	I	His strength was on full power , and his gunshot wound was mending rapidly now .
tr	I	He didn 't want to know the answer , but Caesar almost asked .
tr	I	He curled his fists at his sides and Rico 's blood rushed to his head .
tr	O	她不知道为什么，但是她有一种感觉，他小时候就做过那种事。
tr	O	半英里以南有一个港口，并且我看着一艘巨型货轮完成了它那乏善可陈的最后一段航程。
tr	I	As everyone knew , one kobold was meaningless , and I would be Leader of exactly one kobold .
tr	I	After waiting for an entire minute , the contraption did nothing more , yet I watched with gripping anticipation .
tr	O	唯一一个我告诉母亲出狱消息的人是贝丝，而且我已经两个多月没和贝丝说话了。
tr	I	Annulment might be possible under such circumstances , but the Church frowned on divorce .
tr	O	我期待一个即时回复，但是它没有出现。
tr	I	Then I dream about you when I sleep , and I think about you every damn moment that I 'm awake .
tr	I	Nellie asked who it was and there was a knock at the door .
tr	I	My stomach contracted in fear , and the mad gleam was back .
tr	O	杰克等着他们被捕，但是当然他们还是被放进去了。
tr	I	Kate stared at the stack of folders on her desk , and their heels clicked down the hallway .
tr	I	I landed against the hard wall with a crack , and she threw me through the air .
tr	O	阿里宽阔的蓝色眼睛似乎直视着斯宾塞，而且斯宾塞现在几乎能听到阿里清晰、活泼的小声音。
tr	O	我在她后面喊，但是她没有停下。
tr	O	再加上他强烈的精神敏感性，并且教堂在他的牧养下健康成长。
tr	O	是的，布莱恩很忠诚，非常忠诚，但是他不明白。
tr	I	We 're totally free from each other and they managed to cut the handcuffs off .
tr	I	Something in his eyes did , but his smile didn 't falter .
tr	O	多默试图坐起来，但是她把他推了回去。
tr	I	His blond hair falls out of his eyes and he laughs wickedly , throwing his head back .
tr	I	Now it doesn 't seem strong enough , but I always thought saying ' making love ' was some kind of mushy cliché .
tr	I	Rebecca let it pass , but which beach would be nice .
tr	O	即使窗户关着，她也能闻到大海的气味，并且一股不寻常的兴奋颤栗掠过她的心头。
tr	I	She didn 't even know where to begin , but there were so many things she needed to discuss with Mimi .
tr	I	They 'd scarcely shown any traces after just a few days , but he 'd taken some deep cuts from the barbed wire .
tr	I	I didn 't want to damage my grandson , and a baby 's mind is extremely malleable .
tr	I	He caught my hands in his , but I reached for him , trying to pull him in for a kiss .
tr	O	瑞安喜欢那件裙子，而且他更喜欢把它从她身上扒下来。
tr	I	She watched as he stretched the condom over his length and he tore open the packet .
tr	I	In a moment we are walking out the main gates , turning our heads north , and I give a gentle tug on the reins .
tr	O	我来这里三个月，并且我们谈论你生命中所有的女人。
tr	I	It was so beautiful it brought tears to my eyes and I went into the room you put together for Skyler .
tr	O	微笑爬上他的脸颊，并且他砰地一声从沙发上跳了下来。
tr	I	Really he just wanted to learn more about her investigation , but Fleet probably thought he wanted to get into her pants .
tr	I	Amy was super nice to let it go , and I had already bailed on the picture once .
tr	I	Black clouds were rolling towards them and outside the sky had turned grey .
tr	I	This holy water won 't work and you 're going to get sicker .
tr	O	他们俩都知道最好不要打断他的思绪，但是接着他停在了他们面前。
tr	I	Our unit is tight-knit because it has to be , and we can 't live with other people .
tr	O	他催促丽莎向前，并且他感觉到她翱翔着穿过树林，鬃毛在她结实的脖颈周围狂野地飘扬。
tr	I	This place no longer felt like home but she 'd only been gone three weeks .
tr	O	我不得不把上衣往上拉以遮住我的乳房，但是吉莱斯皮已经偷看了最后一眼。
tr	O	他告诉妈妈她有房子并且他有他的工作棚。
tr	I	Their behavior would be unpredictable , and the camp members would react poorly to the sudden appearance of a stranger .
tr	I	He nearly fell over and the agony was intense .
tr	O	这个村庄不在旅游地图上，并且这个村庄只有大约25户人家。
tr	O	弗朗哥·康斯坦丁正在追她，并且她不知道为什么。
tr	I	His employer likely knew all about my friendly loan to my ex , and Jensen worked for Tristan Stone , not Nina Edwards .
tr	O	嗯，这是一件大事，而且我一直很孤独。
tr	I	It was a fake kind of smile , with nothing behind it , but Ada 's flat image smiled .
tr	O	她不确定弗罗斯特要把她带到哪里去，但是任何地方都比她待过的地方好。
tr	I	He needed to keep her interested , but his simpering was making his skin crawl .
tr	I	It didn 't , but that something so little could feel so powerful should have scared me .
tr	O	美国有几个动画师能做到，但是他们可能会以我同样的理由拒绝。
tr	I	Her friend went on , and Maddie shoved her playfully .
tr	I	Dennis turned to head back towards the highway , and a familiar street loomed into view .
tr	O	我的名字是罗伯特，并且我将是你们今天的导游之一。
tr	I	It was with regret , but my stomach ached .
tr	O	至少梅森没有亲自被命令去谋杀手无寸铁的村民，但是这段旅程是对“守望者”存在的目的的一种侮辱。
tr	I	The door handle moved and the bolt slid back .
tr	I	I knew it , and I looked angry .
tr	I	The door flew opened and she glared at me .
tr	I	He gives me a huge grin , and I smile at him .
tr	I	As a journalist , I would be paid to talk to people , and at least I 'd do a more ethical job of it than Jake .
tr	O	我不假思索地后退了一步，并且他迅速地把手放到了身侧。
tr	I	He wasn 't sure , but the name sounded familiar .
tr	I	Neither of us said it out loud , but we were both thinking it .
tr	I	Hearing it from her made the pieces fall into place , but he 'd already told me it 'd been because of Persephone , of course .
tr	O	我父母毫不在乎，但是我知道你的父母不是那样。
tr	I	He looks away , and his brown eyes meet mine .
tr	I	Nic waved me away , but I hesitated , prepared to deal .
tr	O	阿莱霍的心率进一步加快，并且他的背弓了起来。
tr	I	He never mentioned a man 's place but he has our place all figured out ?
tr	O	我也很累，而且你把那只手套带了很远的路。
tr	I	Dreaded calls like this one , but she loved working flight medicine .
tr	O	你身体上在这里，并且你对工作投入了百分之百。
tr	O	长号手现在完全投入，并且饮酒者们停止了交谈来倾听。
tr	I	That had given Julia the reassurance she needed to join him , and a quick look at his left hand revealed he was married .
tr	O	有一家新的复古服装店，但是这对吉娜来说不是威胁。
tr	O	起初我什么都没看到，但是我能闻到烟味。
tr	I	There is a guy sitting at the island and Asher is standing near the coffee pot .
tr	I	My cheeks were flushed and my heart fluttered madly .
tr	O	她像往常一样照镜子，但是这次她在里面看到了奇怪的东西。
tr	O	我的水凉了一些，尽管仍然很暖和，并且大部分气泡都消失了。
tr	O	你们都处于危险之中，并且你们的食物供应也是如此，她发给了他们所有人。
tr	I	She closed her eyes , embarrassed , and her gasp was audible .
tr	I	Then suddenly realised that I was ravenously hungry , and I gave solemn thanks for being part of all this wild beauty .
tr	O	被贴上食品标签让她非常不安，并且她偏执地环顾四周。
tr	I	They watched him die , and he was still moaning .
tr	O	一排船只停泊在那里，并且她登上一艘，小心翼翼不让它晃动得太厉害。
tr	O	水面波涛汹涌，布满泡沫，他根本无法在水面上发现任何东西。
tr	I	He 'd become her personal body warmer at night and he gave her a shoulder to lean on .
tr	I	The mayor 's muscle isn 't letting her near Scott , but our guys say she 's sharp .
tr	O	摔跤界的惯例要求输家第二个离场，当电视摄像机关闭时，但是观众仍然在场。
tr	O	他对亚历克斯很生气，并且是时候付出代价了。
tr	O	我一走进宿舍，天空就裂开了，并且又一道刺眼的闪光划破了黑暗的天空。
tr	I	The papers slipped off onto the carpet and the mound was unsteady .
tr	I	I can 't reach them , but sometimes I feel as if the answers are right there .
tr	O	形成链条的生锈杂物遮蔽了这一点，但是我几乎可以肯定它很有价值。
tr	I	His features turn pained as he looks around and he rises .
tr	O	我举起了右手，但是那甚至没有必要。
tr	O	天空不再变暗，并且蓝色再次变得明亮起来。
tr	O	杀戮的念头充斥着我的脑海，并且我发现我开始享受它们了。
tr	I	They decided to keep going on their way , and when the laughter went down , Julie stood up , which made Lea do the same .
tr	O	她碰了碰她的靴子，而且她脚踝的轻微活动让她做出了痛苦的表情。
tr	O	他们仍在努力找出谁有作案动机，但是那家伙并不是特别受欢迎。
tr	I	MaryAnn realized she was glad she 'd come , and Jasmine flashed her a small , conspiratorial smile .
tr	O	一声喇叭响了，而且愤怒的话语从另一辆车里传来。
tr	O	声音对巴里来说震耳欲聋，而且他差点跑下街道逃走。
tr	I	There was a shock in store , but they had him .
tr	I	My trembling hands reach up between us , and he kisses my earlobe , running his lips down my neck .
tr	O	我通常不需要它，因为我让边界模糊，但是此刻，我感觉有必要遵守界限。
tr	O	我还没有申请逮捕令的证据，而且我必须对此小心谨慎。
tr	O	你已经做出了你的选择，而且你将坚持到底。
tr	I	I wandered around a bit , chatting with some mountaineers and we reached the jump-off .
tr	O	他的脸变得茫然，而且他的眼睛空洞无神。
tr	O	他指向秋千，并且我坐下。
tr	I	Starting firing and one cried .
tr	O	我知道我的名字Ken在日语中代表健康，并且你的名字Meg在日语中代表财富。
tr	I	Rhys kept calm as ever , but my face fell .
tr	O	她不好意思走出去，但是她告诉自己现在不是担心自己暴露多少皮肤的时候。
tr	I	As soon as they went through the door , I 'd be right behind them , but I hadn 't lied .
tr	I	I could touch him and all I had to do was reach my hand out a handful of inches .
tr	O	我还没有准备好回家，但是接下来一个小时能把饥渴的身体紧贴在他身上的想法听起来很美妙。
tr	O	我不属于这里，并且一切都已经被占用了。
tr	I	He made it with the best of intentions , but he made a bad decision .
tr	I	Ula didn 't get in trouble , and hopefully she wasn 't waiting too long .
tr	I	They come alive and blow on them .
tr	O	我讨厌对她撒谎，但是目前我别无选择，至少凯特还活着。
tr	I	There wasn 't anything he could do about that , but Ashe knew she wasn 't happy .
tr	O	这没有帮助，仍然没有线索，并且她仍然不在视线之内。
tr	O	他停顿了一下，并且那种傲慢的态度变得有些腼腆。
tr	O	蓝胡子的怒火重燃，并且他愤怒地朝瞭望台蹒跚而去。
tr	O	我的眼睛再次变蓝了，并且随着电梯向上移动，我的护身符也发光了。
tr	O	那个男人穿西装看起来很诱人，但是他对设计师牛仔裤所做的一切简直就是一封引人犯罪的邀请函。
tr	O	想要放声大哭的冲动在那儿，但是我把它压抑下去了，一直压抑下去。
tr	I	It was accurate and this one had a time stamp on it .
tr	I	I was making an effort to keep from getting sloppy and I didn 't notice the alcohol on him in the least .
tr	I	Gwen knew that somewhere in that hard shell of a man was a huge heart , but oh , he tried hard not to .
tr	O	洛根苍白的眼睛亮了起来，并且他飘浮般地走向妮卡。
tr	O	他走近我时放慢了脚步，并且我能看到他严肃的脸上带着不悦。
tr	I	Hunter threw it open and it unscrewed .
tr	O	没有视频录像，并且没有触发任何警报。
tr	O	她举起那颗蛋，并且当它消失时，远方的气息再次传来。
tr	I	It came out sounding dumb , but I tried to make a joke out of it .
tr	O	三星标志出现了，并且慢慢地，屏幕亮了起来。
tr	O	赛琳娜很清楚她的声音已经超过了正常谈话的限度，但是她似乎无法控制它。
tr	O	他讨厌放置那些炸药，但是杰夫不喜欢下水。
tr	I	On second thought , Jones thought six would be enough , but we had more bottles .
tr	I	Her jaw nearly drops to her knees and she takes in the sight of us .
tr	I	I couldn 't understand her , but Nurse Greene was speaking again .
tr	I	She barely heard it , because she was too busy trying not to swoon , but he murmured a greeting as he stood .
tr	I	She knew of her , but Sasha actually didn 't know Viv .
tr	O	你试图拯救我们俩，但是你只能救我。
tr	I	The blonde moved our direction , and he raised a lazy hand .
tr	O	至少副手已经被阻止了，并且他们的朋友将得到妥善安葬。
tr	I	I kept my mouth shut , but I thought that was a pity .
tr	O	他告诉我，我足够聪明能够弄明白它们，并且它们将引向如何带他回家的解决方案。
tr	I	Ashley took a seat , and the restraints were removed .
tr	I	I think Evan 's fallen in with bad company , but maybe it 's a hunch .
tr	I	I made sure to take note , but I never knew a woman whispering could be more intimidating than one screaming .
tr	I	She sincerely felt safe with him , but she was teasing him .
tr	O	给他看另一个，并且他忘了第一个，去追逐新的征服。
tr	I	Too often it settled on anger and my emotions were displayed for all to see .
tr	O	女孩整个头顶都是长发，但是两侧则完全剃光了。
tr	I	There was no doubt that he loved her , and love for her would carry him past it .
tr	I	My stomach was feeling queasy and I was still waking up .
tr	O	我离家很远，并且你不适合开车。
tr	I	She pretended it didn 't bother her , either , and it didn 't seem to bother Andrew , though .
tr	O	一道灰光告诉他，一个二楼的女仆正匆匆走向他，但是他担心帮助不会来得及。
tr	I	She is wearing a very form fitting red dress that compliments the current setting rather well and her light brown hair is curled .
tr	I	Dennis felt confident that he could pull it off again , but it had been tough to sell her on the idea of visiting a psychiatrist .
tr	O	JC看着手中的啤酒，而且突然那种奇怪的余味不再显得那么无害了。
tr	I	They could see just fine , but this new dimension was dark .
tr	I	He doesn 't come close enough , but I tense my fingers , about to grab the knife handle .
tr	O	她的背对着厨房，并且她没有听到门铃声。
tr	O	太黑了，看不见，但是他凭气味知道那是一只试图进入他洞穴的美洲狮！
tr	O	他的眼睑闭着，但是他的笑容在发光。
tr	O	凯莉知道自己厨艺还不错，但是与迪伦平时吃的饭菜相比，她担心会缺少些什么。
tr	O	这是我的队伍，并且我不愿意在不亲自动手的情况下发号施令。
tr	I	They were back to normal and in a single moments time the anger harbored between friends evaporated .
tr	I	It was possible but it would be a long journey from the hard benches of Ueno Park .
tr	O	他曾承诺会保护总统的父亲的安全，并且回监狱总比死了好。
tr	O	他就是每个女人的梦想——富有、英俊，而且他非常友善。
tr	I	She doesn 't sound like one either , and Zoe doesn 't look like a liar .
tr	I	Wine Bottle from 1914 was estimated conservatively to be worth twenty-five million dollars and Pablo Picasso 's Still Life with Pipe .
tr	I	A gang of ceramic figures surrounded her , issuing blows at will , and she got knocked off her feet .
tr	I	He could see that her smile was sad , but she didn 't face him .
tr	I	My attacker scowled as he followed his partner out the door , but they left without a word .
tr	O	那个问题的答案对她来说至关重要，但是我就是不明白为什么。
tr	I	Such that accessing them required a conscious effort , but they were stored neatly away , not erased .
tr	I	What looked like stun guns but in their hands weren 't normal pistols .
tr	O	他的吻隐约有芥末味，但是我仍然觉得很美妙。
tr	O	她的表情变得柔和了，并且她的眼睛又变回了蓝色。
tr	I	I didn 't know how , but I wanted to comfort him .
tr	I	He 'd loved her was breaking me inside and knowing that Xavier had been in a relationship .
tr	O	我爬到了最上面，并且他还没有看到我。
tr	O	男人们迅速争抢着抓走一个可用的女人，并且埃斯梅拉达迅速俯冲下来，抢占了她与珍妮相处的时间。
tr	I	Her other hand worked the base of his shaft , and she cupped his balls in her palm .
tr	O	我们之间的沉默加剧，并且我是第一个崩溃的人。
tr	O	她点了点头，让他知道她同意了，但是她希望当她没有竞标他时，他不会感到失望。
tr	O	泰努力地坐起来，但是利亚姆已经离开了。
tr	O	没有必要在已知答案的问题上浪费时间，并且被认定死亡会为他争取到重整旗鼓的时间。
tr	O	她紧抓住彼得的手臂，并且厨师笑着挣脱了。
tr	O	更糟糕的是，房间里的每个人都充满了兴高采烈的情绪，而且客人们欢腾的举止让我感到不安。
tr	O	他的手臂张开了，并且她跳进了他的怀里。
tr	O	贝琳达又消失了，并且模特的情况也得到了解决。
tr	O	商店现在灯火通明，并且每个人都能清楚地看到彼此。
tr	O	他的右腿落地不当，并且他扭伤了脚踝。
tr	I	They just slip through my fingers in the end , but I spend half my life trying to get a grip on things .
tr	O	那时我感觉到手在我脸上，并且我的思绪立刻清晰起来。
tr	O	桌子上有一个大洞，并且椅子的顶部已经损坏。
tr	I	She would not let go , but Pain struck at random across her body .
tr	O	只有少数勇士在敞开的大门前坚守，并且几秒钟内唯一能够阻止维京人成功的屏障就已倒塌。
tr	O	贝克斯扬起了眉毛，并且丽兹放低了声音。
tr	O	接着一个朋友给了他一种叫做摇头丸的毒品，并且彼得和法兰克福的一位教会成员丽莎·伯内特分享了它。
tr	I	You wouldn 't have known and I could have died this week .
tr	O	我感觉到我的头在点头，但是我感觉无法控制这个动作。
tr	I	His body didn 't but his head moved away .
tr	O	宿舍是免费的，但是房间很小。
tr	O	她的工作造成了如此多的痛苦，然而道路仍然不清晰。
tr	I	My shields hold up , but Brat tries the arms in sets of three .
tr	O	索尼娅的身体猛地一震，并且她的头猛地向后仰去。
tr	I	He raised a hand for silence , but she started to warn him .
tr	O	我再也没有时间阅读了，但是我需要一个消遣。
tr	O	她的手指紧抓着他的夹克，并且她一点也没有反抗他。
tr	I	I can tell he is having a very hard time with the next sentence , and he shakes his head .
tr	I	Cheating on her had tainted his soul with sin , and he 'd still been dating Maddie at the time .
tr	O	斯图尔特小姐发现她怀了奥利弗的孩子，而且她需要一点经济帮助。
tr	I	I backed off , sensing he didn 't want to answer questions about his past any more than I did , and his jaw flexed .
tr	O	我不知道的是我为什么要这样做，但是我从未如此需要做任何事。
tr	O	不，我还没有说完，并且他即将更加生气，因为我有一些问题需要答案。
tr	O	他的目光从我的脸上移开，并且我当时感受到了我们之间的那堵墙，为时已晚。
tr	O	我的手开始颤抖，失去了往日的沉着冷静，并且我把它们举到嘴边。
tr	I	Poseidon offers me a few fish for Cyrus , and the beach isn 't far from the grotto .
tr	I	Liza didn 't notice , but a tiny spasm passed through Mirabella 's body .
tr	I	The heart was drawn completely from its rotted cavern and the vampire roared as its teeth shattered into pieces .
tr	O	地面再次震动了，并且扎克的声音中断了。
tr	O	她曾听人把华尔街称作丛林，但是这不是丛林。
tr	O	这太令人厌烦了，而且它从未好转。
tr	I	He ignores my anger , but I keep glaring at him .
tr	I	I couldn 't live with that on my conscience , and if they breach the fence , it would put my friends on Innocents in danger .
tr	I	His two children coldly watched him die and he fell to the floor in agony .
tr	I	It 's a product of what 's below and the Chi of the soil represents the relationships of all above it .
tr	O	他的头穿过那个洞，并且他对我吼道。
tr	I	Once again he was facing the world outside and he checked the exit near the front restroom .
tr	O	他离开了她，并且她又独自一人了。
tr	O	他的防风门嘎吱作响地开了，并且他走到了他的门廊上。
tr	I	His lips twitch with disapproval , and Jones looks down at our conjoined hands .
tr	I	They focused on one , if not all of us , and his eyes were now slits .
tr	O	他习惯了它，但是安德鲁从未真正感到自在。
tr	O	我们没有做那个，但是我们做了其他事情。
tr	I	I didn 't , but all I wanted to do was snap at him to go take a long walk off a short cliff .
tr	O	他看到她和孩子都安好。
tr	I	The cavern goes dark , and the last of the light disappears down the corridor .
tr	I	He wanted everyone to know he was a force to be reckoned with , and he was entering the business world .
tr	I	Diego drove me back to Paul 's house and I paid for my supplies .
tr	I	I turned to tell Sam this , and suddenly I remembered that we were getting low on bottled blood .
tr	I	I had no idea where she was and it was less than three weeks to her trial .
tr	I	From the look of things , I have , and I was hoping I had impressed myself on him .
tr	I	They shook hands , and John joined him .
tr	O	一队SG士兵穿过街道，并且他偷偷地瞥了一眼他的肩膀。
tr	O	有一瞬间它从视线中消失了，并且然后它像太阳从云层中出现一样重新出现了。
tr	O	我们是一家人，并且没有人，无论是卡利俄珀，克洛诺斯，甚至死亡本身，都无法将那从我们身边夺走。
tr	O	我可能因为加文的待遇而哭泣了，但是我此刻已经没有眼泪了。
tr	O	她在这里的城市规划师办公室有一份工作，但是我认为她在一起时大部分时间都依靠巴雷特的收入生活。
tr	O	他如此强烈，如此引人入胜，并且她在他身上感受到了正直。
tr	I	I gripped my launcher tighter and the voice came from Micah 's com .
tr	O	凯特不知道我为什么离开，并且我从没告诉过她。
tr	O	亚伯拉罕没有回答，并且商人嘟囔了几句就离开了。
tr	I	She hadn 't seen Jenna since the accident , and she felt sick after seeing Toby .
tr	I	He didn 't , yet he didn 't have to , he didn 't need to -- he could have chosen to rule her children alone .
tr	O	她必须从他那里喝，否则仪式永远不会成功。
tr	I	It would hold together , but the raft was rickety .
tr	O	即使我也会承认这不是最聪明的计划，但是尽快解决掉沃恩也有其吸引力。
tr	I	I deserved to know , and I 'd had enough .
tr	I	She had to admit she was more than a little curious about the man , and it seemed like it .
tr	I	We had some fun with combinations , and I was in my element now .
tr	O	我抓起一盏灯给我们提供更好的光线，并且她努力保持静止。
tr	O	他冲入我体内，并且我喘息着。
tr	O	布拉德·班克斯已经设法摧毁了特雷弗的过去，但是如果他再次失去丽莎，特雷弗就只能怪自己毁掉了未来。
tr	I	No one listened , but she whimpered protests .
tr	O	钻入岩石足够深，并且你会得到热量。
tr	I	That is what the prince is interested in , and I happen to know a little about magic .
tr	O	他有太多不可告人的秘密了，并且他并不特别喜欢再增加一个。
tr	I	I 'm the only one of us who even gives a damn , and she 's dead .
tr	I	That meant he was still thinking of her , and he still had wanted her to help out .
tr	O	他转过身来面对我，并且我立刻自觉地抱紧了身体。
tr	O	她的声音刚一停下，我的门就猛地打开了，并且伊甸带着两个气急败坏的护士紧追其后地跑了进来。
tr	I	He allowing them to do so and people assuming they knew what happened .
tr	O	科尔几分钟后回来了，并且她在看到他之前就感受到了他的存在。
tr	I	Paris would bet the Titans were no different , but wily bastards , Cronus had said about the Greeks .
tr	O	会议已经安排好了，但是那三个人被告知不能穿成他们现在的样子。
tr	I	A stray bullet could still find them , but the two of them were in the shadows , safe from a direct hit .
tr	I	The wind rushed past , and the earth dropped away .
tr	O	灰尘已经试图通过雨水飘散上来，但是雨水占了上风。
tr	O	科迪用他那只完好的手臂抓住了他，并且他们一起摔倒在地。
tr	I	I let out a bitter chuckle and Melissa 's eyes bugged out of her skull .
tr	O	它看起来像旅馆的地板，但是它不是。
tr	I	She thought she 'd purged him from her mind , but he 'd always tied her stomach in knots .
tr	O	你必须强壮，并且你必须敏捷。
tr	O	这项工作很慢，但是从原材料到精炼刀片的转变却带来了巨大的回报。
tr	O	我从没想过我还会想要养狗，但是我喜欢他在这里。
tr	I	The wind was knocked out of him , but David didn 't go down like the other man .
tr	I	The coin vanished in the process , and he put his glove back on .
tr	I	I don 't mean in that way , and except maybe Kimo .
tr	I	Whenever I try to share my fears , my lips seize up , but I want to .
tr	I	He willingly admitted his mistake , and four long weeks had softened the tough hide of his arrogance .
tr	I	I have someone in mind and I think we should hire a housekeeper full time .
tr	O	她突然看起来很紧张，而且我几乎为打量她而感到内疚。
tr	O	当时那部迪士尼电影是我的最爱，而且我一直看它。
tr	O	她与他完美契合，但是碍事的衣服实在太多了。
tr	I	He 'd felt the same way when she 'd touched him and no matter where he touched her , she was breathless for more .
tr	O	一阵凛冽的风吹过餐厅，并且冰开始在赛迪斯旁边形成。
tr	I	The bishop wasn 't through but Abe started to try again .
tr	O	他为没有提供帮助而感到难过，但是他知道他会弊大于利。
tr	O	突然之间，家听起来是个好地方，并且逃跑似乎也不是一个明智的主意。
tr	O	我已经失去了一个孩子，并且他拥有某种力量，这会使他比以往任何时候都更容易成为目标。
tr	O	她的小舌头碰触着他的，并且他的腹股沟跳动得更加剧烈。
tr	O	我拿着一把锋利的水果刀站在厨房水槽旁，并且当我切下第一个番茄时，我想起了桥上的汉克。
tr	I	I made my way into the fiery cozy living room and I was too tired to talk so I abandoned them at the hall .
tr	I	She didn 't want to seem too pushy , but Chloe wished she could inch forward just enough to have his knee caress hers .
tr	I	He was quite a bit stronger than a human should be , but he didn 't have the complete strength of a fully transformed werewolf .
tr	I	He made up for it by a confident demeanor , but he was green as far as officers were concerned .
tr	I	She hadn 't picked up , but eager to tell Cierra the news , Ken had tried to call the cabin .
tr	I	It didn , t matter , yet the realization escaped him suddenly .
tr	O	我没有看到查理的儿子最近吃过饭的任何迹象，并且他回来时可能已经饿了。
tr	O	我示意洛根，并且他先于我走出了门。
tr	I	He could swing his stiff leg along in a convincing disabled way , and he then used the walking stick in his other hand .
tr	O	我试图在脑海中描绘出我所知道的宫殿部分，但是我记不起曾见过任何楼梯。
tr	O	他已经是第四任妻子了，并且他只关心自己。
tr	I	I fought the urge to grab his back , and he dropped my hand once we were out of Jessica 's sight .
tr	O	我不知道它是否可食用，但是它正在烘烤。
tr	I	That means nothing to me , but he named you his successor .
tr	O	我知道我不会收他的钱，但是也许他能做些别的事情。
tr	O	另一个选择是开车一小时到达拉斯，并且他宁愿在需要去某个地方时不做那次旅行。
tr	O	我决定尝试同样的效果，并且轮到我把另一个攻击者打飞了。
tr	O	她从摔倒中恢复过来仍然很痛，以至于使用拐杖会让她感到一些疼痛，但是她渴望拥有一些行动能力。
tr	I	The elevator stopped , and which is why every time Suddenly the lights went off .
tr	I	Still Louisa wouldn 't look at him , but fellows helped her settle it .
tr	I	They had to remember that life with me was extremely unpredictable , but I know they haven 't had me around for a while .
tr	I	It revealed a good tear in her pants that was soaked around the edges with blood , and we both did .
tr	I	When McBride glanced down at the book , realised he was writing in shorthand , and Ben was still writing in his notebook .
tr	I	Then Morgan drags me away , and Lexi beams .
tr	I	One of those names was the one Pierce most wanted to hear , and they 'd mentioned names of several children , calling them empties .
tr	O	你看不见他们，但是卢西恩正躲在你周围的风中。
tr	O	我以为她这次听起来更友好，但是我我知道那只是我的想象。
tr	I	His lips gleamed with moisture , and his head lifted .
tr	O	吉奥的下巴绷紧了，并且一股红晕爬上了他的脸颊。
tr	O	新世界很美丽，并且我们在它的持续成长中扮演着美好的角色。
tr	O	诺克斯忍俊不禁的表情让他嘴角扬起一丝笑容，并且他把头靠在枕头上，双臂交叉在脑后。
tr	O	我不怪你所发生的一切，并且我也没有想让你感到内疚。
tr	O	她讨厌教书，并且每个人都知道这一点。
tr	O	我们沿着山丘行进时，我感到心潮澎湃，但是当我看到我们的对手聚集在我们面前时，这种感觉很快就消失了。
tr	I	Who would be leaving me presents , but it couldn 't possibly be a coincidence ?
tr	I	He couldn 't do it , but Liam tried to pay attention .
tr	O	大多数青少年没有我那么悲伤，但是我仍然让我的思绪沉浸在这些想法中... 在痛苦中思索。
tr	I	When my eyes came into focus , I was very aware of the sizzling blue that ringed his irises , but I blinked to clear my vision .
tr	I	I might be wrong , so I decide not to ask him about it , but I don 't remember ever telling Anthony my mom 's name .
tr	O	你正走向某个地方，并且我没有。
tr	O	我不知道我为什么这么做，但是我确实做了。
tr	O	它看起来很安静，但是巴莎感觉好像有人在看着。
tr	O	他喜欢挑战，而且他这么轻易就同意了，这真的很奇怪。
tr	I	We all knew that we in that instant changed the mind of nation and we were able to touch them in the deepest recesses of their mind .
tr	I	He could make out a few details , but it was blurred , as Sam said .
tr	I	His arm braced her against him , and William eased Savannah to her feet .
tr	O	汉娜的妈妈把车开到路边停下，并且汉娜在她爬上车时挥手告别。
tr	I	I loved loved him , but he wasn 't perfect .
tr	I	Most of her counterparts had at some point , but she 'd never allowed herself to take jobs with slavers .
tr	O	当他有这些想法时，她猛地转过头，头发沿着她的背滑落。
tr	O	他大叫着，后退着，猛烈地挥舞着手臂，但是雾气却缠绕着，似乎在拉扯他。
tr	I	He had to work to keep his expression neutral , and her sapphire eyes met his in the mirror .
tr	I	You 're fun to be around and you 're a great guy .
tr	O	阿农的血液暗示了它的存在，但是他真心想要它。
tr	I	If you are back in time , that partner might be you , and they need a partner .
tr	O	把它们都装上车需要一段时间，而且我们肯定需要你们两个来帮忙看着我们的背后。
tr	I	I eased through the opening as silently as I could manage , and I opened the door with a feeling of relief to be getting out .
tr	O	吸血鬼腰部以上赤裸着，而且他没有穿鞋。
tr	I	He had a more urgent appetite to satisfy before he could eat , but his stomach grumbled .
tr	I	She nestled grateful y against the warmth of his side , and it was getting a little cold sitting on the concrete .
tr	O	斯蒂芬妮是无私的，但是诺拉是自私的。
tr	O	魏尔伦抱着他的头，并且沃尔什女士抱着他的脚。
tr	I	She looks at me , but she doesn 't answer .
tr	O	我看得如此生动，以至于它可能是一个幻觉，但是这就是我一直以来能够将代码视觉化的方式。
tr	I	He was leaning over the sink , staring at the curtain and he had a toothbrush in hand .
tr	O	他在野餐前有一个海外电话要打，并且他极力希望他的前女友们已经和他了断了。
tr	I	Now cheese was dull , but yesterday she 'd been full of plans for experimental cheeses .
tr	I	They poked around in my head and Solaris ' parting words were unsettling .
tr	I	I haven 't got a clue where to start , but I know human women generally put a lot of effort into the appearance of their hair .
tr	I	It was lonely , but my life wasn 't bad .
tr	I	She would choke to death , and the gag would forbid escape .
tr	O	罗伯特将目光投向科林，并且那个男人的眼神是仁慈的。
tr	I	He couldn 't get a reading through his heaviest shield , but the man looked very ill to Wyatt .
tr	O	贝琪的眼睛睁开了，并且她给了他一个审视的眼神。
tr	I	I couldn 't place it , but the voice sounded so familiar .
tr	O	米拉不知道她为何被囚禁，并且她也不在乎。
tr	I	He shifted his weight to kiss me fully and I opened my mouth .
tr	I	She was completely self-possessed , but Shao Jun sat quietly .
tr	I	It went straight to voice mail , but she tried Lucas 's phone again .
tr	I	Some photos of him posing with a soccer ball , and they took some photos of him with Coach Simpson .
tr	O	我们有城里最好的追踪者，但是我们却还没有抓到它。
tr	I	This was a combination Emma found a little bizarre , but Cross-cultural restaurants weren 't so rare in small towns .
tr	I	She was able to see the funny side of it all , too , but he knew her sister-in-law 's reaction still upset her .
tr	I	The entire Kendrick line wiped out and Avalon wanted the Monarchy destroyed completely .
tr	O	我坐起身，感到震惊，并且差点和他额头相碰。
tr	I	She placed her hands to her face and he saw her shoulders fall .
tr	I	She scrambled to keep from falling and her feet slipped in the soap on the wall .
tr	I	I don 't care , but go on , tell me more .
tr	I	She would sit at the high table and she was the chieftain 's wife .
tr	I	Her poise was instantly crumpled by a well of tears , but her face was carefully made up to complement her clothes .
tr	O	是的，凯尔一直都是孤独的，并且他决心保持下去。
tr	O	这是她最后一次在他身边醒来的早晨，并且这个念头让她心碎。
tr	O	我不能谈论他，而且我希望你没有见过他。
tr	I	The light is so bright that it hurts , but I struggle to keep my eyes open .
tr	O	她听到史黛西大喊，并且他们找到了彼此。
tr	O	迭戈的GPS信号消失了，并且卡西迪试图抑制她的恐慌。
tr	O	上百个声音同时响起，并且十几名骑士猛地站了起来。
tr	I	He laughed and it rocked slightly under his weight .
tr	O	她被枪击时也是如此，而且她的伤口远没有他的那么严重。
tr	O	他的顽皮笑容依然如故，并且他一直待在原地。
tr	O	我们谁也不知道我们还剩下多少日子，并且幸福不会等待。
tr	O	海莉有一个阴暗面，并且它正在显露出来。
tr	O	她的双唇紧抿，但是她的眼睛一直盯着路面。
tr	O	他用另一只手抓住了她的手腕，并且她们对视了一会儿。
tr	O	她确实主动发起了他们之间几乎所有的接触，但是他接受了她，接受了她所提供的一切，没有要求更多。
tr	O	那是那种带有滑动铁门的旧式电梯，并且听到搬运工在她身后猛地关上它们，没有缓解她的紧张情绪。
tr	I	She 'd been too nervous to think clearly , but she 'd meant to lie about her age .
tr	O	他咆哮着说出最后一句话，并且它一路滑下，直到她的脚尖。
tr	I	Maurice appeared laughing and the gate sprang open .
tr	O	我将手从她的脸颊移开，并且冰冷的空气立刻吹散了我手掌上残留的温暖。
tr	I	He had known she was not drunk , but true , he had tasted the alcohol on her breath during their first kiss .
tr	I	She ignored it , but that muscle twitched in his cheek again .
tr	O	感觉过了几周我们才到他的车旁，并且他把我拖向后备箱。
tr	O	其实是乔治想成为一名兽医，但是她不想听起来比内特更聪明。
tr	I	He led her to the house without further admonishment , but Hart clearly didn 't believe the last part .
tr	I	I was happy with the result and we finished the day 's shooting .
tr	O	有东西在她手上爬行，并且她把它在衬衫上擦掉了。
tr	I	With an obvious effort , he refused to be swayed , but Viper 's midnight eyes flared with an instinctive fury .
tr	O	他必须和安德烈一起回机场，并且家人很快就会团聚了。
tr	I	I knew I was hopelessly lost and nothing was .
tr	O	我努力忍住眼泪，但是它们情不自禁地流了下来。
tr	I	Her mind wandered and she 'd figured the woman was just old .
tr	I	A lot of things had been weird lately , but it wasn 't like Laurel to cut class without the other Lying Game girls .
tr	O	又一阵沉默过去了，但是他似乎仍然无法理解她的想法。
tr	O	回头看着我的，是我和拉达看到的一样东西，但是它看起来更像我。
tr	O	她差点做了三次，并且她决定不那样做。
tr	I	My cheeks flushed , and why did he look so suspicious , I thought .
tr	O	当我做完后，我让她站起来，并且她顺从地照做了。
tr	O	我期待詹姆斯进来，但是时间一分一秒地过去，却没有他。
tr	I	I can 't find the right moment , but I want to ask him about it .
tr	O	她眯着眼看进黑暗中，寻找着，并且我本能地退缩了。
tr	I	Work was progressing quickly , but the palisade was only about three-quarters done .
tr	O	我以为艾登可能是那个唯一的例外，但是它看起来根本不是那样。
tr	I	That may be my chief reason , but there are many reasons for getting a Ph.D. .
tr	O	我在角落里拿了一把椅子，并且他坐在床尾。
tr	I	They were a pleasure to work with and Quieter than the main floor , the students in the annex were focused on their studies instead of socializing .
tr	I	I love you now in anticipation of all that 's to come , and I love you now for what we 've already shared .
tr	I	We walked slowly to his car and he wrapped his arms around me .
tr	O	我知道我拥有超群的力量，但是速度是另一个谜。
tr	O	传来一声砰响，并且我意识到那是一把枪。
tr	O	柳叶刀在她手中颤抖着，并且她把它握得更紧，试图让它稳定下来。
tr	O	它们只会强调这个地方的空虚，并且她放了些音乐来分散自己的注意力。
tr	I	I missed slavery , and I missed freedom .
tr	I	By then it was too late , but with a gasp , she put her back to him .
tr	O	声音越来越大，并且我从墙边站了起来。
tr	O	我喘着气，并且所有人都在大喊大叫。
tr	O	他又点了点头，并且女孩停止了写作。
tr	I	It 's tangled up into a messy knot on top of her head , and her blond hair is damp .
tr	O	它们在巴尔的剑刺入他身体的那一刻就回来了，并且他仍然因它们而感到天旋地转。
tr	O	我挥了挥手指，并且玻璃杯就自动装满了。
tr	I	Mirabella did then , but Liza had never known that rats could blush .
tr	I	The stone makes all the difference , but seems it stretched out a bit .
tr	O	我爱你，但是我不会回来了！
tr	O	他瞪了我一眼，并且我对他吐了吐舌头。
tr	I	I tense , and a woman walks down the aisle .
tr	O	科妮莉亚的一些怒气仍在发泄，而且苔丝身上留下了烫伤的痕迹。
tr	O	她没有那种预感，并且刘易斯根本没有预感。
tr	I	Josie was energized but Faye was guarded .
tr	I	She didn 't care at this point , but the knot where she dinged it was still tender .
tr	O	助理高尔夫职业选手依靠像马里奥这样的俱乐部会员谋生，并且他不能失去这笔生意。
tr	I	I knew he was running a hand through his hair , and Dad paused .
tr	O	库斯科坐落在安第斯山脉中，海拔11,500英尺，而且我们被告知下飞机时要缓慢移动。
tr	I	People are always first for me , but I look at the bottom line .
tr	I	My mom would tickle my face until I fell asleep and when I was a kid , I used to get really bad ear infections .
tr	I	Sean pulls me tighter and I arch toward him .
tr	O	她意识到自己越界了，但是她并不在乎。
tr	O	他的野兽被霍莉的抚摸平息了，但是那只狼随时准备再次出现。
tr	I	It wasn 't her nature to be suspicious , but Diana 's mother looked doubtful for a moment .
tr	I	They may sustain life for long enough , but no , they won 't last forever .
tr	I	I would not ask her , and she would not have me on any terms .
tr	O	我们的房子可能很小，但是我们的院子更大。
tr	O	本的转变没有让我感到惊讶，但是我对乔治新发现的宽容感到好奇。
tr	I	He 'd never risk her safety and Nathaniel loved guarding Eloise more than any ward he 'd ever had .
tr	O	那就是我们镇上所有其他人所做的，而且我们都得到了答案！
tr	I	In the end had to slide his eyes sideways , but he did pretty well .
tr	O	他有点老年痴呆症，而且有时他会迷失在战争中。
tr	O	瑞克想离开，但是维柯丁说不，暂时放松一下。
tr	I	I was going to make it my business to find out , but I didn 't know who .
tr	O	他轻轻地描绘着她的腋下，而且她憋住一声傻笑，身体瑟缩了一下。
tr	O	它相信它所看到的，而且现在它看到了我的父亲。
tr	I	His life didn 't lend itself to optimism , and he knew the people who wanted him dead .
tr	I	She held it away with a giggle and he reached for the carton .
tr	O	光束仍然从它上面射出，但是她不再需要它了。
tr	O	我们的武器清晰可见，但是显然这在这里是可以接受的。
tr	O	我的喉咙突然干了，但是我勉强点了点头。
tr	I	Once they 've been through , the ambulances are permitted to follow , and the roads have cleared enough to allow the snow ploughs to pass .
tr	I	That man hurt a lot of people , and we have to watch out for ourselves .
tr	I	She started wondering now , but she 'd always considered this a safe place to park .
tr	I	They pulled and he pushed downward .
tr	O	艾玛向我保证她从未爱过其他人，并且我让她相信了同样的事情。
tr	I	I didn 't want to borrow trouble , but I had my doubts about the women making up this class .
tr	I	She didn 't have her ring - and she remembered daylight , full light on her .
tr	I	He continued and though I hated myself for wanting to know , my eyes asked how .
tr	I	Everything inside her went to liquid mush and she took in the predatory gleam in his eyes .
tr	O	听到她的声音确实唤醒了我心中的某种东西，但是那不是我的饥饿感。
tr	O	我知道这一点，但是这并没有阻止情感的涌动，那情感让火花从我手中落下。
tr	O	他抓住的树枝裂开了，并且里夫无助地悬挂着。
tr	O	她凝视着水面，试图让它平静她，并且那片凉爽的蓝色很快成为了她挫败感的慰藉。
tr	I	He couldn 't speak , and he couldn 't move .
tr	O	她为自己打包了行李，并且泰把一袋狗粮扔进了他的车里给迪格。
tr	O	我变得焦虑，并且我需要他妈的离开这里。
tr	O	她道歉中那股苦涩的滋味刺痛了他，但是她没有给他时间利用她的失误。
tr	I	It felt so good ... but even if she hadn 't been , however , as an unmarried lady , she shouldn 't be allowing it .
tr	O	维克多深吸了一口，并且他们默默地站着，思考着一个似乎遥不可及的未来。
tr	I	His hands trembled with it and the wheel made it so the cart shook .
tr	O	它痒得厉害，但是这种感觉却很美妙。
tr	I	Instead he just smiles as he gets closer , but I wait for him to say something else to explain what he 's doing .
tr	O	小屋的门开了，并且那个人走了出来。
tr	I	Fidget wasn 't protesting , and Nicole wasn 't asking .
tr	I	The inn was a loss , but everyone escaped , fortunately .
tr	I	He was not waiting with baited breath , but he wanted to see what was happening , yes .
tr	O	我以前从未见过有人脸色发青，只是听过这个说法，但是我很担心你会体温过低。
tr	I	Instinctively I know it does , but I don 't know why that is , what it is about this girl that makes a difference .
tr	O	他翅膀扇动的气流扑向她的脸，并且她猛地闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	我内心深处有什么东西苏醒了，并且我终于找到了自己的声音。
tr	O	他试图拥抱我，并且在我鞠躬后又试了一次。
tr	I	Neither did I , but he didn 't like it .
tr	O	这女人迷惑了他，并且他陷入了大麻烦。
tr	I	It would soon be gone as well , and only one truck remained for the crew that was working on the guesthouse on the lower slope .
tr	O	我努力不盯着看，但是我忍不住。
tr	I	Kenneth didn 't need to know that , but he hadn 't woken Trevor up , not physically , anyway .
tr	O	她止不住她的眼泪，而且他的帮助只是让情况更糟。
tr	O	他的一些手下愉悦地笑了，并且他给了他们愤怒的警告性眼神。
tr	I	I don 't want to see them harmed , but the people aren 't happy about your presence .
tr	I	I gave in , feigning mock irritation and Georgia needed me to make her laugh .
tr	I	Nobody was visible behind the windows , but the lights were on in the British Embassy .
tr	O	她看着我时眉心紧蹙，而且我用一个微笑为自己争取时间。
tr	O	所有的紧张感瞬间回来了，并且她的脊背僵硬了，随着她的思绪吸收了他的话。
tr	O	萨利的眼睛睁大了，并且他恍然大悟地点了点头。
tr	O	他的睫毛轻颤，但是他保持完全静止，随着他辨明了方向。
tr	O	我在座位上转过身，并且怀亚特摇了摇头。
tr	I	She didn 't argue , but she still looked sulky .
tr	I	He couldn 't get past the stale smell of old vegetables on the woman 's breathe and he couldn 't understand what she said .
tr	I	Arabella had somehow cajoled Mom into helping her , and apparently the latest fashion among high schoolers involved elaborate braids .
tr	I	She was mine , and she was beautiful .
tr	O	树叶在阳光下呈银色，并且它们从未停止摆动，即使微风消散了。
tr	O	她甚至不知道歌词，但是曲调似乎已植入她的脑海。
tr	O	克鲁不再骚动了，并且我为此感到高兴。
tr	O	一道闪电照亮了它的脸，并且我垂下了双臂。
tr	I	It doesn 't change the fact that someone pretending to be you did , but I know you didn 't do any of that stuff .
tr	I	She didn 't want to go wild now , but going back to Warsaw made her feel bad .
tr	I	He 'd never used it with any woman before , and this was a position that most of his kind reserved only for the mating ritual .
tr	I	That was the way she felt , but she knew it wasn 't fair .
tr	O	他需要能够集中注意力，并且她正在让那变得不可能。
tr	I	They want to correct it , and they know it .
tr	I	I thought I might faint , and colours exploded in my head .
tr	O	当然他可以反抗他的解雇，但是这样的斗争会很耗时。
tr	I	I had to get to work , but I had been looking for you .
tr	I	Naturally all glances passed immediately to his companion , but Mordecai was received with welcoming voices which had compassion in them .
tr	I	I withdrew , but it took some strength .
tr	O	冷空气掠过我的皮肤，并且我颤抖了。
tr	O	我们坐在我的双人沙发上，并且我凝视着我客厅的绿色墙壁。
tr	I	She drew a slow , deep breath that sent a ripple of fire through Joshua and her pouty lips parted slightly .
tr	O	从积极方面来看，这让他更容易被找到，但是从消极方面来看，这也让他更容易被找到。
tr	I	They both headed off back down the hill and he stamped it down all around the stump , gathered the ' treasure ' .
tr	I	He waved them in and the door leading to Roy 's private office was ajar .
tr	I	She just shrugged , but I asked .
tr	O	会有混乱，并且他会去那里与他的核心圈子重聚。
tr	O	我愉快地说，并且埃里克显得很满意。
tr	O	表面坑坑洼洼，风蚀严重。
tr	I	He pushes her away without even seeming to realize who she is , but his mom tries to stop him .
tr	O	西尔问道，并且我摇了摇头表示否定。
tr	I	It was all wrong , but at last she smiled .
tr	O	有一位女士甚至说他会永世受诅咒，并且他的鬼魂可能会在宅子里徘徊几代人。
tr	I	She sensed they had reached this place many times before , but she wanted to yell for them to stop .
tr	O	这句话不是一个问题，但是她以点头作答。
tr	I	He wanted to make us fearful of him , and he knew we were there .
tr	I	Mary could handle it much better , but Anna could speak to those feelings .
tr	O	我给艾丽莎买了一本写作用的日记本，并且在扉页上，我写了一个关于我们俩的短篇故事。
tr	I	I know he is waiting until my eyes meet his and the tips of his fingers lift my chin .
tr	O	詹姆斯示意让她带路，并且我们三个人跟了上去。
tr	I	Though I felt we might lose traction at any second , I maintained control , and the snow was twice as deep as on the road .
tr	O	在另一幅里她倒立着，并且在又一幅里她侧身走着。
tr	I	I meant it with everything in me , and I said yes , of course .
tr	O	她的长睫毛猛地睁开，并且她抬头看着他，与其说是惊讶不如说是指责。
tr	I	There was a part of her that did genuinely fear him , but she could attempt to use magic to get what she wanted .
tr	O	她把它忍住了，并且它反而变成了一声抽泣。
tr	O	会有的时候，我不需要你持续很长时间，并且另一些时候，我需要你连续几天和我在一起。
tr	O	那就是我的故事，并且我坚持这个说法。
tr	I	The moment ends , and the oven timer rings .
tr	O	那些动物谨慎地环顾四周，但是它们不跑。
tr	O	我们开始亲吻，并且我尝到了淡淡的咸铁腥味。
tr	O	我觉得那是我该从他腿上爬下来的时候了，但是他那粗壮温暖的手臂缠绕住了我的腰。
tr	I	Half a dozen of them looked away , and I said .
tr	O	他的手滑上她的手臂，使她紧贴着他，并且他加深了那个吻。
tr	O	我被允许放学后在巨大的礼堂排练，并且很快我的戏剧就成了学校里的话题。
tr	O	霍布斯什么也没再说，并且我继续默默地吃着，努力不去想我之前去了哪里。
tr	O	他会让他休息一会儿，但是他们今晚还需要再次启程。
tr	I	It was an important aspect of Christmas for Sophie , but her husband , Harry , claimed to hate fruitcake .
tr	I	She 'd been taken from her home and she had come a long way since that fateful day when her family had been slain so ruthlessly .
tr	O	她说道，并且接着她眨了眨眼。
tr	I	I knew David was no good but I didn 't know them well .
tr	I	Several farmers detained , and a few merchants were captured .
tr	O	他的眼睛由各种可以想象到的蓝色组成，并且我现在能清楚地看到每一种颜色。
tr	O	他们的目光转向我，但是他们没有行动。
tr	O	朱莉还在那里，并且她独自在家。
tr	O	他吓得脸色发白并且几乎要绊倒自己，只为把一块新木头放到他的树桩上。
tr	I	He didn 't care about that any more but his shirt was stained red at the back .
tr	O	天空晴朗，并且树木正在发芽。
tr	I	I used all of my strength to push away from him , and my eyes bolted open .
tr	O	他和朋友喝啤酒，并且卡罗，无法将目光从他身上移开，已经把他画下来了。
tr	I	He approached the gates like a cat , ready to scale them if need be , and his curiosity was alight now .
tr	I	He got the full force of her blue eyes , and Eleanor had removed her pillbox hat with its veil .
tr	O	天仍然很暗，并且没有星星。
tr	O	他的声音很平静，但是他的眼睛已经变了。
tr	O	他对我微微一笑，并且我叹了口气。
tr	I	It was still pouring with rain and they both got off the bus .
tr	I	Yours is a special situation , and there is no reason to .
tr	O	南希倒吸一口气，掉落了叉子，但是黛安娜一点也不惊讶。
tr	I	I hazard a glance to see the small smile she hides behind a sip of her coffee and I feel her steady gaze on me .
tr	I	Ellison was back , snoring in his bedroom , sleeping off his night , leaving Deni relatively alone , and Maria had gone off to school .
tr	I	I told Cameron , and he told me to speed up again .
tr	I	I put my hand in it , and his hand was still outstretched toward me .
tr	I	Everyone went crazy and it was the first Homecoming game Jewel had won in six years .
tr	I	All was silence except for the singing of the birds in the trees and there was nobody around .
tr	O	她以前从未被搜查过，但是她确信事情不该是这样进行的。
tr	O	红色电源按钮亮了起来，并且她将镜头对准了我。
tr	I	He nods , and I give Beast a pointed look .
tr	I	I have a meeting with some prospective clients , but that would be the best thing for me right now .
tr	I	She feared it was a possible sign of infection spreading to his central nervous system , but the cause of his brief seizure remained unknown .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how to tell him the truth , but I didn 't want to lie .
tr	O	我失控了，而且这不是我的风格。
tr	I	She barely had time to catch her breath before the intense urge to push again hit her and the contractions were right on top of each other .
tr	O	我现在六十七岁了，而且这是我的天职。
tr	O	他急得要命，但是他不敢动。
tr	O	他会被疾驰的火车撞碎，并且他身体的每个肢体都会被其金属轮子切断。
tr	O	它们是一种不自然的颜色，并且凝视着它们是他一生中最不寻常的经历。
tr	I	He shook his head in denial of both her accusations , but Royce smiled .
tr	O	他的目光滑回到我身上，并且他笑了。
tr	O	她几天前外出打猎时被一条蛇咬了，我估计是条蝮蛇，并且她为此受了很多苦。
tr	I	I flinched as she pushed at my eyelids , and I felt her cool fingers .
tr	O	他怀疑她，并且她告诫他，解释说他想要向世界揭露的东西，她却想隐藏起来。
tr	O	杰玛的心怦怦直跳，并且她闭上了眼睛，随着飞机降落在地上。
tr	I	She couldn 't seem eager to go to the men 's room with him , but she was taking a chance arguing with him .
tr	I	She didn 't particularly care , and Cassie didn 't know what he was doing .
tr	O	一罐豌豆滚到了凯斯的鞋边，并且他把它踢开了。
tr	O	我知道你想成为这些人一样，杰里米，但是你已经拥有金钱买不到的东西了。
tr	I	I take it , and she thrusts a cup at me .
tr	I	We could do nothing other than continue running , and thus the enemy continued to gain on us .
tr	O	死神捡起尸体并把它扛在肩上。
tr	I	There was something about her , a spark that made her ... unforgettable , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	He hunted her down , but she went to Kansas City , a place where she could start over .
tr	I	It felt like his strength had left with it , and that presence was gone now , though .
tr	I	He made his move too late , but swearing , he jerked the steering wheel to the right .
tr	I	I logged back into the chat room under my assumed name and I grabbed my phone .
tr	I	I can 't tell who 's mad at who , but it 's like a big argument .
tr	I	She gasped and his hateful words sent a dagger through her heart .
tr	I	It 's been waiting eighteen years for you , and you 're ready for the world , Haven .
tr	I	We hear a rev of engines and our pursuers ' tyres screech .
tr	I	I curled into a ball and my blanket wrapped around me .
tr	I	Hannah couldn 't enjoy it , but it was another beautiful night .
tr	I	I reached for my glass of wine , stalling , and Savannah waited .
tr	I	You didn 't get caught , but you used to pull crap .
tr	O	他深情地、热情地、急切地吻着她，并且她紧紧地抱着他，仿佛永远不会放手。
tr	I	It had crumbled away to only show the bare stone beneath , but there was a carving above it .
tr	I	She exhaled large clouds of the acrid smelling vapors and pulling on it slowly , drags of smoke entered her mouth .
tr	O	事实上，他们站着不动，但是我们仍然开得很快。
tr	I	I couldn 't say anything yet , but I allowed my tears to fall .
tr	O	他离开了她，但是她仍然能清楚地听到他。
tr	I	Michael was not amused , but he threw his brother a playful look .
tr	O	她一直沉迷于此，并且我心疼她。
tr	I	She glanced at the door , her eyes wide like a deer caught in headlights , but Reed didn 't move his gaze from Eve .
tr	I	He was frowning again and I glanced over at Marcus .
tr	O	我会永远爱你，但是我必须走了。
tr	I	It caused no pain , but the pressure of the rope around his neck was constant .
tr	O	我不知道她独自离开是否重要，但是这多少让我安心了一些。
tr	I	Iona smiled down at Eric before she wriggled herself onto his cock , and they woke when the sun started to sink .
tr	I	They 're nothing compared to the thing behind me , but Big , fat bleeding F 's that mock me .
tr	I	He knew that I 'd never intentionally hurt anyone , and I knew that .
tr	I	Claire closes her mocking mouth immediately and Connor stops mid running man .
tr	I	He had to try to catch the guy , but Chad didn 't want to leave her alone .
tr	O	然后他打了个响指，并且传来一阵与天气无关的雷鸣。
tr	I	Then break time was over , and Sheba lingered in the dirty alley until the alluring scent of brimstone had faded away entirely .
tr	I	It didn 't come off very well , but I tried to smile at her .
tr	O	我张开了嘴，但是只有空气出来。
tr	I	I decide against it , but I consider rolling down my window to talk to him .
tr	O	她不确定这是否是一次约会，并且她没有得到确认。
tr	O	没人明白，并且他们需要明白。
tr	I	I honestly think I would have married her had my parents not passed away , and we really did have a pretty good relationship .
tr	I	That 's all that counts and I feel safe at last .
tr	O	这生物有烟雾状的半透明皮肤，并且维恩能看到它的骨头。
tr	O	我眨眼，而且字迹融入一篇新文章，那篇文章巧妙地隐藏了作者所有的怀疑。
tr	I	I liked being pressed alongside his back , but I wouldn 't admit it to him .
tr	O	警告进入了他的意识，并且他花了一瞬间评估威胁。
tr	O	那是一个松散的集合，并且他想知道巴罗斯是不是在病急乱投医，试图找到某种联系。
tr	I	I 've been in love with him forever , and ok , the really tall one with brown hair is Aric Talbot .
tr	O	她很坚强，那是肯定的，但是现在她只是一个女孩，在黑暗中改变着。
tr	O	他不会伤害她，而且这只会是片刻。
tr	O	英国内战正在进行中，并且保皇党进展不顺利。
tr	O	已经很晚了，并且你应该休息了。
tr	O	这只豹子有着盖伦头发那样深沉浓郁的金色，并且它的眼睛是盖伦眼睛那样不可思议的绿色。
tr	O	那个贱人死了，并且我来抚养这个小崽子！
tr	O	他穿着一件深色羊毛大衣、牛仔裤、一件浅蓝色毛衣，并且他的深色头发完美地披散在头上。
tr	I	Its gaping maw closed on air and he moved back just in time .
tr	O	孩子偷偷溜出去，并且做个孩子。
tr	I	The shape suggested that of a man more than a woman and I say he because the figure seemed tall .
tr	I	His wide gray mustache drooped , making him look like a woeful bloodhound , and he could always be found at the saloon .
tr	I	My heart leaped into my throat and the King was moving quickly toward me .
tr	O	我的笑容在一个小时后就消失了，并且到午饭时，我渴望一杯提神饮料。
tr	O	亚历克修斯因那层含义而脸色有些发白，但是柯林的反应却是最能说明问题的。
tr	O	堂兄弟姐妹们交换了好奇的目光，并且挽着手臂，他们朝着闪闪发光的马车前方走去，露易莎·温特沃斯正站在那里。
tr	I	He let out a slow groan and she nuzzled the sensitive place behind his ear with her lips .
tr	O	我很接近，非常接近，就在那里，并且这将超越我所经历过的一切。
tr	I	Instead , he regarded me with amusement , but I hoped that Oliver would give his usual acerbic wit a break .
tr	O	他朝我的方向挥了挥手，并且其中一个径直向我飞来。
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting a public announcement , but I shouldn 't be surprised that the leader of Candor is this forthright .
tr	I	He wasn 't a murderer , but he was a lot of things .
tr	O	我最近反正睡得不好，而且距离我上次睡觉已经差不多二十四小时了。
tr	I	When you told your story , I kept thinking about how Jeremy might have seen all this , but you came here hoping for sympathy .
tr	I	He started to take it away and I stiffened a little .
tr	I	This was going nowhere , and he was leaving soon .
tr	I	Gabriel felt lightheaded , and the pattern fueled .
tr	I	He 's snoring , and beast is lying on his back with his legs straight up in the air .
tr	I	She couldn 't get it out , but she started to say no several times .
tr	O	当然那些表达方式有一段时间很有趣，但是它们的过度使用达到了令人厌烦的程度。
tr	O	一只手现在触碰了她的手臂，并且西尔维转过身来。
tr	I	The Syndicate did not care and those left behind would die .
tr	I	Breeze wiped his brow again , and the gates continued to boom .
tr	I	Our scents were detected and we were heard .
tr	O	督察希望他的语气是关切的，但是那个家伙的举止令人不悦，威胁着他的礼貌伪装。
tr	I	Even they think that she overreacted , but my parents were angry .
tr	I	It kept coming back to her but she pushed the idea away .
tr	O	她湿润的阴道紧紧地包裹着他，而且他再也不愿待在别处，只想在她里面。
tr	O	她想说话，但是她舌头打结了。
tr	O	对阿尔伯特来说，仿佛过了漫长的一生，四个电磁阀启动了，并且推进器将门推开了。
tr	O	她站了起来，并且她的眼睛发出了光芒。
tr	I	Holiday led the way and only one table stood empty .
tr	I	It turned into a gravity-defying spin that landed her on her feet a few yards away , but she began to fall .
tr	O	暴虐的欲望在两双眼睛中燃烧了一秒钟，并且然后她转过身去。
tr	O	她看了看他，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	O	瞬间，萨利的身子被抛了回去，并且扼住我喉咙的致命紧握松开了，当他的手指摸索着找我时。
tr	I	Patsy was safe , but she was dead .
tr	O	还需要几周时间才能肿胀完全消失，并且新特征形成。
tr	O	我认识他才不到五分钟，但是我却从没想让他离开。
tr	I	Industrial cleaning containers scattered across the floor , and there are three more bags over by the door .
tr	O	她试图站起来，但是疼痛却像一支箭，灼烧着穿透她的脑部。
tr	I	Her eyes brightened in surprise as it touched her and I could see it glow softly between our palms .
tr	I	Even morality experts cannot seem to supply , and what 's missing in the world is morality -- something science , religion .
tr	O	他已经有一段时间没住在那里了，并且他从未想过要回去。
tr	O	我紧紧抱住他，并且他挣脱了。
tr	O	明天是星期五，并且我这个周末轮休。
tr	O	物理证据变得明显还需要几年时间，但是她的兴趣要求训练现在就开始。
tr	O	我可能会排斥他，但是他仍然让我感到恐惧。
tr	I	His hazel eyes sparkling , and his soft brown , curly hair was damp .
tr	O	她起身走向他，并且我起身离开，因为我们都不是怪物。
tr	I	It didn 't come , but the next day I waited anxiously for a storm .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to turn away .
tr	I	Bicyclists peddled slowly up the steep incline of a path that bisected the road , and dogs ran loose .
tr	O	我睡得比前几天都好，并且当我醒来时，我脸上带着笑容。
tr	O	这是一场漫长的磨难，并且你需要好好恢复。
tr	O	他们抬头看天，并且索尔发现了头顶上方的威胁性云团。
tr	I	There was a knock at the door , but Parker looked at the clock again .
tr	I	There was something I could reach just fine , but I might not be able to kiss him .
tr	I	Then decided she would , and she hesitated , wondering if she should tell Chrissie .
tr	I	Her mind was still sluggish with a surfeit of pleasure , and Robert had just finished making love to her .
tr	I	He 's low on juice , but Ronan thinks he can help .
tr	I	Everything would be okay and to excuse himself from something he didn 't want to do , all he had to do was say ' sorry ' .
tr	O	话语卡在我的喉咙里，而且我不得不把它们强行说出来。
tr	O	她喊了他的名字，天哪，而且他甚至都没让她达到高潮。
tr	I	He had no choice , but leaving her would be next to impossible .
tr	O	它看起来很简单，但是他们却在享受在一起的时光。
tr	I	The mistress of the keep had punished Keeley for her husband 's sins , but Keeley had seen it in her eyes .
tr	I	He traced it tenderly at night before he fell asleep , and Trenton said it was the best he 'd ever done .
tr	I	They laughed and he gave them a thumbs up .
tr	O	那里站着另外两个人，并且他们立刻对我说的话很感兴趣。
tr	O	玛乔丽买了一些香肠，并且我们把它们和土豆泥一起吃了。
tr	I	I kind of appreciated her brevity , but usually she tried to separate those two requests .
tr	I	It oozed from those canvasses and her daughter had captured that light .
tr	O	这个姿势更糟糕，甚至更亲密，而且我又挪动了一下。
tr	I	Savannah moaned as pleasure shot through her , and he thrust into her .
tr	I	I could see little dust particles floating around my empty room and the sun was shining through the small crack in my curtains .
tr	O	她告诉杰克她不平静时没有撒谎，并且随着每一步，她的焦虑感增加了。
tr	I	Perrin had learned to be careful when dealing with equipment from Maiden , but it appeared to be in good repair .
tr	O	她的眼皮变得沉重，仿佛要合上，但是她纯粹靠意志力撑着。
tr	I	He wanted an answer , but he 'd already asked .
tr	I	He walked out , frowning and Cage 's bedroom door opened .
tr	I	Her teeth were as white as moonbeams , and her lips were deep red like blood .
tr	I	I guess I had to say something and Mr. Fenton was looking at me .
tr	I	I will not fail at this last task and ending her is an all-consuming thought .
tr	I	That 's history , but she was a girlfriend , a while back .
tr	I	They work hard -- damn hard , but these men play hard .
tr	I	This was beyond her , but Beth could handle a lot of things .
tr	I	When Krystal nudged her , she forced a thin smile , but right away I noticed the scowl on Kallie 's face .
tr	I	There , on a wooden perch , sat a bird and he climbed to the topmost tower in his castle .
tr	O	绿色的眼睛痛苦地眯了起来，带着难以置信的神情，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	I	For a moment it felt like the world paused around them as everything slowed into infinity and freezing mid stride , her eyes locked with Will 's .
tr	I	Remembering how you got there isn 't exactly a peaceful thing to go through and waking up in a hospital room .
tr	O	尼克向前迈了一步，并且地面晃动了。
tr	I	Kristen knew that at any moment Devin was going to ask a question she dreaded and the silence was once again uncomfortable .
tr	I	He thought he saw that hand shake a little , and she raked her long hair back with one hand .
tr	O	他花了一段时间才找到劳伦，但是最终他在后角落发现了她。
tr	O	当我落地时，他们会拿走一切，并且我的家人会进监狱。
tr	O	岩石碎屑没有深入我的皮肤，但是它让我的脸上布满了小痂。
tr	I	He pushed on regardless , but Ryan gave her a wide-eyed shake of the head .
tr	O	我走了尽可能多的乡间小路，但是我们却因交通完全停滞而失去了宝贵的时间。
tr	I	Jimmy Dale bolted toward the outhouse , and a minute later there were voices .
tr	O	他的手轻轻地放在我的后颈上，并且他把脸颊贴在我的脸上。
tr	O	他按下了其中一个按钮，并且一张银色光盘被吐了出来。
tr	O	我从未觉得自己很会持家，而且如果我的厨艺能证明什么的话，那就是我不会。
tr	I	He found it hard to swallow , and his hands were clammy , his cheeks heating .
tr	O	他的颈静脉喷射性地，跳动性地爆炸了，并且他被拖走了，头无力地摇摆着。
tr	I	Bits of grit could be heard tinkling down to the bottom of the boiler , and there was the constant sound of scraping .
tr	O	让他的客户和吉米·赫尔去做他们的肮脏勾当。
tr	I	By then it was maybe five in the morning , and it was dark in the woods , of course .
tr	I	They both chuckled , and Noel said something back .
tr	I	We drove back to Di Luca 's home and the constable loaded us back into the carriage .
tr	O	你的灵魂在你体内闪烁，渴望为世界闪耀，但是被你的黑暗蒙蔽了。
tr	O	他起初还是抵抗了，但是没有持续多久。
tr	O	我很好，但是这不会停止。
tr	I	Winkler was giving him time to help Adele with the store , but Jason still worked for Winkler .
tr	O	她是我见过最好的人之一，而且我知道科林爱她。
tr	I	She drew back , and he snorted .
tr	O	他真的绊倒了，并且我抓住了他，帮助他站起来。
tr	O	如果他强迫她屈服于他，情况就已经够糟了，但是他没有。
tr	O	在医院只待了一个小时而已，并且他会坚持下去。
tr	O	我们都经历了第一次，并且我们都被打败了。
tr	O	人们在一角沙发上交谈，并且另一些人站在电视旁边，为玩吉他英雄的人欢呼。
tr	I	That should give us plenty of time to slip your brother away to safety , and he 'll follow with his army .
tr	O	他身上有某种东西吸引着我，并且我更难抗拒想待在他身边的冲动。
tr	O	这是一个我们以前从未涉足过的全新领域，并且它看起来很棒。
tr	O	他听到她动了一下，但是她没有回应。
tr	I	He opted to join the Navy after graduation , but a few scholarship offers had come his way .
tr	I	I didn 't miss the sheen of emotion before he glanced away , and his eyes shot over to me .
tr	I	The road going up it was even worse , and when I got to the mesa it seemed high as Masada .
tr	I	He fell to the floor , and his hand covered his mutilated face .
tr	I	My lips kept moving on their own , but I wanted to stop , spare myself the humiliation sure to ensue .
tr	I	He smiled over her shoulder at me as I looked on and she hugged him again .
tr	I	Stopped when he saw Jin , but he asked , looking around .
tr	I	There was nothing to fear , and I knew we 'd be okay .
tr	I	Now it seemed downright impossible given the embarrassment of the situation , but it had been disconcerting to meet the guy 's gaze before .
tr	O	她知道她关心库珀·多诺万，但是她不确定她是否爱他。
tr	O	她看着我，并且我把她拉得更近了。
tr	I	She was trying to be strong , but I could tell Pris wanted to cry too .
tr	I	He felt so much responsibility , that he had nearly forgotten he needed to escape as well , and it was all happening so quickly .
tr	O	安东尼娅拒绝回答，但是她咕咕叫的肚子给了他所有他需要的答案。
tr	I	He couldn 't do anything about it , and he knew she was about to die .
tr	O	他热情地伸出双手，仿佛我应该认识他，并且他轻轻地用胸膛碰了碰我的。
tr	I	If someone is looking for him they 'll see him plain as day , but his current state keeps him beyond perception in most instances .
tr	O	她知道他是对的，但是这是她的哥哥。
tr	O	有一刻谈话陷入了停顿，并且朱莉去拿她的酒杯。
tr	O	我也不想他受伤，但是他并不是真的在问。
tr	I	She 'd wanted to , but she might not have slept with Tony .
tr	I	It remained true for most of our lives , and this is true .
tr	I	He couldn 't , but he tried to open his eyes .
tr	O	我们依偎在沙发上，并且我不得不触碰她。
tr	O	他一直哭，但是我的眼睛却保持干燥。
tr	I	She automatically tucked it under her arm , and her hands were shaking as he handed the tray back to her .
tr	I	It will be her memory that will bring us together in the future ... and it was her that brought us together for these types of occasions .
tr	O	她想避开这一切，避开他，但是房间里没有更多空位了。
tr	O	追寻者现在肯定知道我们不和那个队伍在一起，并且它肯定会追踪我们的踪迹。
tr	I	His goons were just a few steps away and he was armed .
tr	I	This latest news really drove it home but she 'd already reached the conclusion she 'd been wrong about Christopher .
tr	O	我对发现加文和埃琳娜在一起的事只字不提，并且我整个晚上都没有再见到她。
tr	O	保罗示意我们坐下，并且我在走向座位时绊倒了。
tr	O	我不常失去冷静，但是她真的惹恼了我。
tr	O	我痛苦地呻吟，但是她不理会，现在急匆匆地低语着。
tr	O	那个事实得到了证实，当我伸出手，并且我的手指抓住了铁栏杆时。
tr	I	I was pretty sure it showed that he was very interested in me , and everything about him had me mesmerized .
tr	O	夏天孩子们会一直在外面玩到很晚，但是在这个春天的夜晚，他们似乎都待在里面。
tr	O	世界变得一片漆黑，与安迪可怕的气场相符，并且我梦见了痛苦。
tr	O	自从我遇到山姆以来，他的声音一直甜如蜜，但是这一次当他与我对视时，我听到了一个更阴沉的音调。
tr	I	I don 't have the energy , but there 's talk of a party .
tr	O	她知道亚特兰蒂斯的位置，并且她知道我们存在。
tr	O	他把海浪归咎于因果报应，并且我们继续开心地大笑。
tr	O	泽德做到了，但是两人对这个想法都不怎么兴奋。
tr	O	在生活中重新开始并且寻找一个故事。
tr	O	闸门已经打开了，并且尽管我会后悔，我还是无法停止。
tr	I	She deserves that much , but I don 't know the woman .
tr	I	I kept giggling , but Mark seemed like he wanted to add something .
tr	I	Now he had no report to present , and Joe B. became aware that an important assignment had somehow slipped his notice .
tr	I	It seemed he 'd brought a murderer into the house , and Stephen was her step-brother .
tr	I	Ula knew him , and I felt certain .
tr	O	夏日不情愿地让步于秋天的初现，并且白天的暑气已完全消散。
tr	I	What did he expect , but her voice was cracking ?
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed , and I said nothing .
tr	I	Everything looked lit as if in an early evening glow and her realm vision had taken over .
tr	I	He missed her touch , and she withdrew her hand .
tr	I	She won 't call me out in front of a stranger , but Becky isn 't convinced .
tr	I	Scarborough put up a hefty pot stating that her horse would go the longest and it was a last man standing type of race .
tr	I	He 'll be on his way back to Chicago as soon as he can and we barely get along .
tr	O	贾斯汀看到了她年轻的身体，并且他心想，“哇！”
tr	I	They blow apart , and run them continuously .
tr	I	Before she could respond , he closed his mouth over hers and he brushed her hair off her face .
tr	O	与死亡一同成长已磨钝了他对死亡的恐惧，而且他的一部分反而相当乐于成为恶魔的想法。
tr	O	我会更喜欢那样，但是生活现在似乎不愿给我任何我喜欢的东西。
tr	O	我今天早上才出门，并且现在，该发生的已经发生了。
tr	I	He stared back , and I let myself stare into his eyes for a moment .
tr	I	She was actually famished and it was lunch time .
tr	I	She knew who he was but Annie had never met Zack DiMarco .
tr	O	我的目光垂下，并且我耸了耸肩。
tr	O	如果她能选择世界上任何一支船员队伍，那会是他们，但是她却感受不到任何平静。
tr	I	He always is proving something to himself , but I know you told him not to .
tr	O	他可能是一位很棒的厨师，但是他的咖啡却糟透了。
tr	I	You divide them into two groups and that 's where you take a certain number of volunteers who have the disease the drug is supposed to treat .
tr	O	我的胃部翻涌，但是我举起了枪。
tr	I	She heard but it was a tentative connection .
tr	O	看到怪物没有脸令人不安，但是这帮助托马斯把它看作一台机器而已。
tr	I	He sure liked her mouth , and her lips were parted faintly .
tr	O	我们剩下的演出都已售罄，并且有一个等候名单。
tr	O	整个遭遇可能持续了不超过五秒钟，但是它似乎像永恒一样。
tr	I	In its place was the sadness that Golden had seen creep in before and the defiance had left the woman 's eyes .
tr	O	首席侦探简直欣喜若狂，并且他实际上威胁杰里米，如果他不自愿前来就逮捕他。
tr	O	他倾身擦拭，并且她向后退缩，椅子刮擦着地板。
tr	I	I had no way to reach him , and that left my father .
tr	I	You know Lily is brilliant , and we 've got good minds .
tr	O	宝珠仍在她手中发光，但是雾气已经散去。
tr	O	我无法看清他们的脸，但是那不是因为黑暗。
tr	O	花了整整一个小时才让彼得罗夫最终放松下来，但是白天的跋涉已让男孩精疲力尽。
tr	I	She could see he was shivering from long exposure to the night air , but a blanket was wrapped around his shoulders .
tr	I	I thought she probably caught the oddity of it too and she raised an eyebrow as she twisted back around to face me .
tr	O	他很认真，极其认真，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	Nicolas doubted if he could be bought , and Maxwell wasn 't the type of man to back down easily .
tr	O	她轻咬着他的下巴线条，同时温柔地将他握在手中，然而他的身体丝毫未动。
tr	O	曼弗雷德从未将他的通灵能力与巫术联系起来，并且他也没有特定的宗教信仰。
tr	O	今天的内尔思想中没有一丝含糊，并且其恶毒的本质没有给我留下太多想象空间。
tr	I	I didn 't need any more encouragement , and footsteps sounded from one of the hallways .
tr	I	Maybe it decided for me or scared beyond belief , I decided to let it out .
tr	I	I would be the most powerful Immortal to walk away and I was the most powerful Immortal to ever enter this damned cave .
tr	I	I didn 't blame them one little bit , and I noticed that they checked out the front grille , too .
tr	I	He never touched me , but we watched movies , played his stupid games .
tr	I	It still wasn 't the best feeling , but I was guessing I wasn 't paralyzed because I was , you know , running .
tr	I	Dull misery throbbed inside her , and Kell would be leaving soon .
tr	I	Yet in the midst of it all , her life in ruins , had come this man , and she 'd barely existed for the last year .
tr	O	我已经对特里斯坦了解了很多，但是他总能出乎我的意料。
tr	I	He wasn 't educated , but maybe he was cunning .
tr	I	I was up to serve first and Play began .
tr	I	I took some satisfaction in that , and Elodie squawked .
tr	O	第三支箭给他赢得了九分，并且第四支箭得了八分。
tr	O	他先是看到了自己的倒影，并且然后图像回来了。
tr	O	它似乎在和她对抗，并且把它弄直花的时间比预期的要长。
tr	O	我妈妈后退了，并且我收回了我的手。
tr	I	He tried to keep up , but it wasn 't his speed .
tr	O	她那时朝我看了过来，并且她那微弱的幽默尝试也随之消失了。
tr	I	The sound of footsteps as someone approached and there was a scraping of chairs .
tr	O	琴师绿地是码头里最大的船只，并且它就停在最末一个码头的最尽头。
tr	I	I wonder if he gave up chasing me and I don 't see him anywhere .
tr	O	小组成员点了点头，并且马库斯默默地回到了待命状态。
tr	I	Matthew tugged at her sailor 's shirt and she glared back .
tr	O	他现在太累了以至于几乎站不住了，但是他必须确保这一点。
tr	I	The sound of flapping added to the scene and the wind caught their ends .
tr	I	Their other activities amused them more but it was an interesting experiment .
tr	I	I felt like a drowned rat , and hairs were plastered to my head .
tr	O	她想让这个奇怪的莉莉安吃点苦头，但是为了现在的和平，她还是妥协了。
tr	O	他是一个帅气的男人，并且你是一个聪明的女人。
tr	O	他下巴上有一大块瘀伤，是托比亚斯打的，并且他的头发刚理过。
tr	O	我知道薇奥莱特的性经验不是很丰富，并且这让我好奇她以前是否做过。
tr	O	你姐姐是凭着她的思想，凭着她的理性行事，并且那正是你们之间的区别——她有意识的决定。
tr	I	She answered him somewhat curtly , and one of the men challenged her .
tr	O	殖民地需要一些具有特殊才能的新兵，并且那些新兵若无家人随行便不会被吸引前来。
tr	I	He couldn 't be everywhere , but the vampire guarding the gate might be good .
tr	I	There was a problem , but the site was perfect .
tr	O	杀手比猎人更技艺高超，但是说实话，他们都是烂透了的混蛋。
tr	I	For an instant , everything seemed clear , and it fit .
tr	O	我的一部分缺失了，并且无论我做什么，我都不确定自己能否将其填补。
tr	I	Raoul leaped down the stairs , laughing with his buddies and as I thought this , the door opened .
tr	I	It had been just as dreadful in every way as if Laurence really had been dead , and he had thought Laurence was dead .
tr	I	As I heard the window shatter behind me , I knew my time had come , but that was something for the distant future .
tr	I	I had been given a butterfly comb from Nick 's mom before she left and I knew that I would keep my hair down during it .
tr	O	她告诉租赁公司她需要一辆能应对雪地的汽车，并且他们向她保证这辆在大多数情况下都能做到。
tr	I	Her hair started burning , and her cloak caught fire .
tr	O	她与里德关系中最糟糕的部分只发生在哈德利离开之后，并且这让她感到悲伤，六个月就能改变这么多。
tr	I	They promised Savannah that Mary would be safe , and they 'd called in two extra guards .
tr	I	Now they were even rarer still , but his smiles had always been rare .
tr	O	产生的爆炸猛烈地震动了地面，但是撞击点却出人意料地偏离了目标。
tr	I	For some reason the bulkhead door to E was shut , but he turned to E Cylinder .
tr	O	我瞪着他，并且他继续前进。
tr	I	Shana smiled , and that was a typically grandiose Jazmine remark .
tr	O	公交车减速了，并且克莱尔看到了前方隧道的标志。
tr	O	太阳在天空中闪耀，但是詹姆斯保持沉默，也许在想着他的爸爸。
tr	O	塞缪尔摸了摸他的刀，并且如果她不更了解情况的话，她会说她的哥哥不舒服。
tr	I	I gave my additional unit to young Ben for his 10th birthday , but I used to have two .
tr	I	Feel his eyelashes brush her skin , and to put her cheek against his .
tr	I	Her arms grew heavier with each passing second and every movement was like slogging through mud .
tr	O	空气在他手边闪烁，并且她被推到墙上，撞击让她喘不过气。
tr	O	埃利奥特将录音机麦克风指向声音，但是很难确定其确切位置。
tr	I	She inwardly winced and it was stating the obvious .
tr	O	这是一次惊险的经历，但是我们已经设法让一切重回正轨。
tr	O	他的眉毛皱了起来，并且他瞥向了另一个房间里的书桌。
tr	I	Suddenly all the warnings came back to her , but she 'd thought they were in this together .
tr	O	她搂住我的脖子，并且她的嘴唇在我嘴边一英寸处盘旋。
tr	O	她把脸颊贴在我的脸上，并且我们一句话也没说。
tr	I	They thought one lodged in his lungs and some blood clots had formed .
tr	O	那些来自沙漠的破烂衣服仍在他身上挂着，但是他已经洗去了大部分皮肤上的血迹。
tr	O	我冲进了一片翻腾的积云，并且世界短暂地消失了。
tr	I	I managed a few ragged gulps of air , but my ribs felt like twigs someone snapped within me .
tr	I	It 's better than nothing , but they become lunch , too .
tr	O	我必须保持坚固，否则我永远也做不到。
tr	I	Breathing grew ragged as she put her right hand to her forehead , the palm facing up and her face crumbled tragically .
tr	I	He had disappeared as silently as he 'd appeared that morning , but she glanced over her shoulder for a look at the taciturn deputy .
tr	O	他要我告诉议会，但是我不会。
tr	O	我确定斯通会把人手分散一些，这是标准程序，并且我也做了同样的事，当时我们侧翼包抄了悬崖。
tr	O	这对她来说可能感觉完全陌生，但是她会尝试。
tr	I	She doesn 't but it 's within her prerogative to do so .
tr	I	His eyes shot flames of fury in Jack 's direction and his jaw was pushed forward like an angry Jack Russell .
tr	I	I shuddered involuntarily and she flicked the bit of toenail away on to my floor .
tr	I	Men stood in attitudes of combat before the main gate , and Smoke wafted into the blue skies from the blazing ruins on the hilltop .
tr	I	That is why I have found my way here to you today , and I feel that you are one of these good souls Mark .
tr	I	We are traveling to the caves of Olympia and I 'm on the back of the wagon .
tr	O	我在黑暗中看不清他们身后是谁，但是我能听到他们所有人，呼唤着我的名字。
tr	O	那是他旅行时携带的那条，一条又薄又红又丝滑的，并且我把它系在腰上。
tr	O	她甜美倾斜的鼻子上散布着一些雀斑，并且随着她半笑的弧度，酒窝显现出来。
tr	O	我冲那声音咆哮着让它闭嘴，或者我就会让自己出丑。
tr	I	They vanished after my mother 's death , but the truth was , I used to have friends .
tr	O	嗡嗡的震动从我身体的中心流出，并且我用力按压，发出一声不由自主的呻吟。
tr	I	Sometimes months would pass during which we didn 't see him , and our Master had withdrawn into his tower with the Orb .
tr	O	我们的小组住在丛林里，并且我们的家在树林中。
tr	O	马克·斯拉特里对他已故前任的诽谤感到震惊，并且当他回到办公室时，这让他非常担忧。
tr	O	他比以往任何时候都更不明白问题出在哪里，但是现在他即将冒险一搏。
tr	I	He sniffed the liquid inside before he poured himself a large glass , and his nose wrinkled .
tr	O	我哥哥和我之间的事情将永远如此。
tr	O	天气仍然很热，但是街上有很多阴凉处。
tr	I	He 's like a changed man , but I don 't know what 's happened to him .
tr	O	他朝她游去，并且她向后游。
tr	O	艾玛知道她让奥利弗失望了，并且她为此感到难过。
tr	I	That is the gist of it , but I wasn 't going to put it so bluntly .
tr	I	I found Hank sitting on the floor , leaning up against the side of the house , and Movement caught my eye .
tr	O	如今，一个女人搬去和男人同居对大多数人来说没什么大不了的，但是她的父母在某些方面很守旧。
tr	I	The color made her amber skin seem even lovelier than usual , and she held the sweater up over the dress she was wearing .
tr	O	我努力不因他的话而退缩，但是我情不自禁。
tr	O	他开始伸手去拿他想扯掉的下一件东西，但是安德烈娅碰了他的肩膀。
tr	O	我还没准备好放手，并且我抱得更紧，挤压他直到手臂发酸。
tr	I	Only a tiny gasp came out , but Jason opened his mouth to speak .
tr	O	匕首从他手中落下，随着寒意直刺他的心脏，并且一声痛苦的呻吟从他喉咙里发出。
tr	O	我走向汽车，但是尼克原地不动。
tr	I	She 'd donned sunglasses , so it was impossible to read her expression , but her eyes immediately connected with his .
tr	O	塞缪尔拍了拍妻子的手，并且当晚他第一次露出了满足的微笑。
tr	I	They learned to love each other , and they 'd learned to live together .
tr	O	杰里科板着脸，但是他快要笑死了。
tr	I	You told me , and I asked you your name .
tr	I	She didn 't say nothin ' , but I called out .
tr	I	My dick was pressed right against her and I was still spooning Liza .
tr	I	He wouldn 't back out , and he had agreed to this .
tr	O	太阳刚刚升起，但是光线很充足。
tr	O	吸血鬼们显然保留着它们的掠食本能，并且它们也付诸行动了。
tr	O	他的瞳孔扩大了，并且她的心颤抖了一下。
tr	O	我需要获得一些视角，或者我可能会开始作呕。
tr	I	She 'd come pretty close with her own formula , but she hadn 't been able to duplicate them perfectly .
tr	O	与此同时，我们周围的路缘急剧塌陷，并且斯克拉奇再次发现很难站稳。
tr	I	In an instant , every eye was turned upon her , and the sharp sound reverberated around the room .
tr	I	His tone turns somber and his eyes shoot to the floor .
tr	O	有人发出叫喊声，而且在这些声音中，令他恐惧的是，他能辨认出兽人的刺耳声音。
tr	I	His two friends swelled up behind him like angry bulls , and he tensed .
tr	O	当他靠近我时，气味搅动着我的胃，而且我跑开了。
tr	I	I remember hearing their weapons coming off safe almost in synch and immediately the other five militants advanced .
tr	I	I don 't know why they let me go , and I don 't know why they kept me .
tr	O	这两名女奴的体态仍足以赢得他的青睐，并且她们毫无挣扎地同意留下。
tr	O	这些文字似乎是玛雅的，但是他没有认出这些符号。
tr	I	Gem smiled at me , and she nodded .
tr	I	I was starting to want it to never end and I was definitely living a fairytale .
tr	O	他发出一种喘息的声音，而且起初我以为他是在开玩笑。
tr	I	I slumped to the ground , and my head hit one of the metal supports .
tr	O	你错了，而且他们知道！
tr	I	It was better than dwelling on the ghastly reality that was approaching , but it was a ridiculous chain of thought to follow .
tr	O	又一个向我冲过来，而且我滚过地板。
tr	I	He would be quick to take a hint and maybe Dean would already be yesterday 's news .
tr	O	还有细高跟黑色靴子和中心镶有配套酒红色玫瑰的蕾丝银色发夹。
tr	I	His eyeballs suddenly shifted , but he remained facing forward .
tr	O	恐怖的狂野叫声从它撕裂的喉咙洞口发出，但是德文无视了它，将那生物推开。
tr	O	她屈尊加入我们围坐在火堆旁，但是她仍在阅读——借助一个小手电筒。
tr	O	他之前忽略了这种可能性，但是在这里，现在，他不能。
tr	I	He joined her , carefully preserving the space between them and Beth took a seat .
tr	I	I was the one who did something about it , but he talked to me about it .
tr	O	她认真地问，但是她脸上的光芒让我知道她是在开玩笑。
tr	I	It also meant a lot more work , but he loved helping out the new agents .
tr	O	她的触碰让他感到一阵寒意，并且当他们在一起时，那是他一生中最幸福的时刻。
tr	O	我必须处理一些事情，但是我知道需要做什么。
tr	O	我踢了一块石头，并且它跳进了灌木丛。
tr	I	I smirked at him , and he didn 't answer .
tr	I	I would always have my art , but I had lost so much already .
tr	I	He was no longer able to hold her hands over her head but a strong hand held her down .
tr	I	I don 't sit down and I don 't back up .
tr	I	It occurred to me right then that I 'd been suppressing a lot of it this whole week , and I was suddenly angry at him .
tr	I	We will make him talk as well , but if any harm comes to her , your general will not only suffer .
tr	I	Marriage suited him , but she wouldn 't have guessed it .
tr	I	Tammie forgot her embarrassment and Devon kissed her again .
tr	O	她的膝盖弯曲了，但是那两个男人让她站着。
tr	I	Then I see other things as well , but there is so much destruction everywhere I look .
tr	O	我在逗他，但是听起来有点性感。
tr	I	He weighed too much , but I struggled to get away from him .
tr	O	塔瑟斯看着在桥上玩耍的孩子们，并且他的脸变得悲伤。
tr	I	These were not dreams , but Crista was a dreamer .
tr	O	餐厅开业的时间到了，并且客人们在牛肉从烤箱里出来时正在陆续到来。
tr	O	凯兰现在正公开嘲笑我的不适，而且我尤其针对他的恼怒正在增加。
tr	I	Strung the rope - ' They hurried through the trees and we scouted out a trail .
tr	I	Her fist hits my ear , knocking me off balance , and I duck at the last second .
tr	I	In the soft lights of the chandelier he was so handsome that my chest hurt , and he was standing at the bottom of the stairs .
tr	I	He tossed my horses reigns at me as I stood up , ready to fight and I took the knife .
tr	O	丹尼的建议很棒，而且那个夜晚确实过得很快。
tr	I	He looked at Ava 's covered body , and Henry was quiet for a long moment .
tr	O	杰克的眼睛闪了一下，并且他抖了抖夹克里的肩膀。
tr	I	It wouldn 't last long , but if nothing else , the ambush would give the others pause , force them to move slowly .
tr	O	他尝试了几次对讲机，但是没有人回应。
tr	I	She was his , and he was hers .
tr	O	他在问宙斯能做什么，而且我提到了它。
tr	O	这些词太难发音了，但是她努力地念完了它们。
tr	I	I felt myself begin to slide back under , and someone was screaming , maybe me .
tr	O	他的眼睛在昏暗的阳光下似乎闪闪发光，而且他有一种善良温和的举止。
tr	O	安吉丽卡的眼睛变得呆滞了，并且她肿胀、布满皱纹的嘴唇微微张开。
tr	O	当我们回到海滩上时，我看着马蒂亚斯脱掉鞋子，而且我也做了同样的事。
tr	I	She knew but she whispered .
tr	O	最后，她问了，但是仍然不够。
tr	I	She tested her strength by sitting up , and some of her energy returned .
tr	O	几分钟后，罗伯特感到一个大马克杯被放在他手中，并且浓烈的咖啡味将他包围。
tr	I	He knew Lord Nemesis found it amusing , but to Lukas ' thinking , this would only make the trip more difficult .
tr	I	Yet they haven 't let jealousy come between them , and they know I love them both .
tr	I	She just had not had time to put it in , but she had a picture of her mom .
tr	O	盖瑞特笑她顽皮，并且她努力不揣测他语气中的锋芒。
tr	O	她无助地敲打着玻璃，试图转身跑下楼，但是她却无法移动超过几英尺。
tr	I	We know we make each other happy , and we 've been together for years .
tr	I	I knew the moment you connected , and I could sense you reaching deep .
tr	O	我猛踩他的脚，并且他甚至一动不动。
tr	I	Grace hadn 't made the slightest attempt to get away , but which was true .
tr	I	It is for the greater good , but it 's not good for you .
tr	I	He squeezed me tighter , and I didn 't answer .
tr	O	我们的目光相遇，并且在它们深处，我找到了我灵魂中缺失的那一块。
tr	O	我触碰了他的思想，并且他非常困惑。
tr	O	几个他认为值得信赖的人的推荐，并且洛克就指名道姓地找她了。
tr	I	The harder she tried to resist it , the worse it was going to hurt and it responded to Bishop 's voice - only to his - .
tr	O	我拉，并且我拉。
tr	I	Her breathing more erratic and her cries grew louder .
tr	O	他知道狗很可能被遗弃了，并且它们正像他一样逃跑。
tr	I	I ain 't moving until I get the first shot and this was my discovery .
tr	I	She hadn 't moved at his approach , but No missing the frantic pounding of his footsteps .
tr	O	他今天起得很早，而且他可能很累。
tr	I	My ponytail is slipping loose from the elastic and Sweat beads down the back of my neck .
tr	O	当他铐上另一只手铐时，我试图移动我的手，但是它们被锁在我的头顶上方。
tr	I	She 'd chosen the shirt carefully all the same , but it was just a sports event with her assistant .
tr	I	In others it looked as though nothing had ever happened , but in many places the wires had fallen .
tr	I	The look on his face made me laugh , but I didn 't mean for it to be that high .
tr	I	I didn 't need to see her face to know something was wrong , but Natalie kept her head down .
tr	O	她指着她客厅里的一整面墙，而且非常明显那是朱尔斯的作品。
tr	O	晚上有电话打来了，而且托比正在回应。
tr	O	她眯着眼睛看着他，但是她确实放松了一点点。
tr	O	我看着她试图发动她的车，但是车子没有启动。
tr	I	One-half of the window , which opens like folding doors , is swung wide open upon its hinges , and the fastening is removed .
tr	I	He pulled from his spot before the girl even reached her car and his car started up with a rumble .
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是在大风中跑步彻底让我心情很糟糕。
tr	I	It felt as if her eyes burnt into my soul and Sin looked straight at me now .
tr	O	我一直在等待这一刻，感觉像是永远，而且我从不想让她离开。
tr	I	She told everyone she was at a spa retreat instead , but Nadine was out of school for a month getting rehab .
tr	O	妈妈只是走了，并且取而代之的是她曾经的骨架。
tr	O	她把它递给了杰斯，并且果然，那里写着别的东西。
tr	O	它远不及卡洛塔的裙子，那些裙子要用一整个珠宝店来装饰，但是它是可以接受的。
tr	O	格林德从未恢复每周的自由时间，并且没有先生的干预，我已经很久没有扔我的回旋镖了。
tr	I	A trickle of sweat coursed down her temple and the hair on Victoria 's nape rose .
tr	O	她喘着粗气，并且对她被他如此轻易地击败感到有点震惊。
tr	I	A third was Harkin 's law clerk , and a second woman was the court reporter .
tr	O	镇上的一位牧师出来主持仪式，并且每个人都为了查尔斯而对罗斯体贴入微。
tr	O	受苦者呼出了一口气，并且一切都结束了。
tr	O	米歇尔更明智地小口喝着她的，并且她在没有我帮助的情况下掩饰了她的酸涩反应。
tr	I	He doesn 't lower himself to asking but Norcross watches us with a quizzical disdain .
tr	I	Sibyl tensed and this was met with complete silence .
tr	I	There is a difference , and I taught religious studies .
tr	O	修女们一直在夏日岛上经营渡轮交通，但是看到一切都没有改变，仍然令人震惊。
tr	O	相反，晚饭后我们会待在门廊上，并且很多时候我们不说话。
tr	I	He offered no comment , but he didn 't miss the looks of question directed toward Sarah .
tr	O	他们拥有无限的潜力，但是他们拒绝成长。
tr	I	Truman spoke to Benson in a hushed voice and their faces were somber .
tr	O	他很可能会带着义务结束他的探索，并且我在清理好我的烂摊子之前不能寻找他。
tr	O	我盯着他看，并且如果不是他有一丝退缩，我就会以为我错了。
tr	I	I began the game so it wasn 't his fault , but if I could read his mind , I might cringe .
tr	I	Then she heard it open again , but the door to the dining hal shut .
tr	I	I have not seen any of that type of magic from Renée , but the light that emanated from your magic wand was beautiful to behold .
tr	O	那条小溪是埃利奥特和我最后一次见到他的地方。
tr	I	Maybe it will be easier to find food with a man 's help , but I know there is no money to be earned .
tr	O	这可能是她吸食毒品的影响，但是她快要哭了。
tr	O	我们所有人可能都能挤进两辆面包车，但是我们中的一些人，比如我，需要腿部空间。
tr	O	她还在拧我的耳朵，并且我不得不弯下腰，因为她只有我一半高。
tr	O	他的眼睛发出红光，并且他的嘴唇向后卷曲，露出又长又致命的獠牙。
tr	I	He doesn 't press , but it 's the stupidest excuse I 've ever given .
tr	O	当我看到那扇巨大的门已被炸开，但是地板上却只被砸出了一个小洞时，我的肩膀垮了下来。
tr	I	She was very sure of one thing , but she was out of her depth , as well .
tr	O	葡萄酒正在冰箱里冰镇，并且凯尔特竖琴音乐在背景中若有若无。
tr	I	I move my hand to the side , but he reaches for it to test me .
tr	I	That caused the dream and maybe somehow he sensed Peck 's sick plan .
tr	I	I am lost in his embrace and his kisses go from tender to all consuming .
tr	O	他对自己开的玩笑笑了，但是我却觉得不好笑。
tr	I	She was learning more about him , and they were sharing experiences .
tr	O	情况如此严重，并且他还开了一个糟糕的玩笑。
tr	I	His eyes softened noticeably , and he recognized , I think , that he had spoken too harshly .
tr	I	He reached for me again , but the robber howled with pain .
tr	O	她走到阳台敞开的门口，离得足够近可以说话，但是与他们保持着相当的距离。
tr	O	我应该在凝视他微笑的脸时感到恐惧，但是恐惧却无影无踪。
tr	O	我们出了门，并且她向好几个人挥了挥手。
tr	O	你看我一眼，并且你给我打及格分。
tr	I	He was beginning to be alarmed again , but she acted as if she were normal , as if she were strong .
tr	O	她总是认为灵魂会去光明领域，但是她不再喜欢那个地方了。
tr	O	我以前见过他被附身，并且我见过他挣脱了。
tr	I	We shuffled through the undergrowth and our footsteps made crunching sounds .
tr	I	I am suddenly the most beautiful thing on the planet and he sees me .
tr	O	我知道你可能不会回应这些感情，但是我无法再多忍一秒不让你知道。
tr	O	恐惧感又回到了我的胃里，并且我的思绪一片黑暗。
tr	I	Their video depositions would be crucial to the trial , which was expected in about a year , and Urgency was required because they were dying .
tr	O	它仍然是红色的，但是现在它被涂抹开了。
tr	I	Then Tar laughed , and they glared at each other for a moment .
tr	I	Fortunately he emerged victorious on his own merit , but it would have come in handy when he battled the demon all those years ago .
tr	I	Then he shook his head , and Gear coughed out a laugh .
tr	I	He couldn 't , but he tried to picture all this .
tr	O	我们度过了早餐的剩余时间，吃饭，聊天，并且假装一切正常。
tr	O	天很冷，但是我因为所有的激动而全身汗湿。
tr	O	那只是技术上的说法而已，因为我知道，利奥知道，并且所有其他学生都知道谁是这次袭击的幕后主使。
tr	I	Her eyes fell on his feet , but she looked down to hide her burgeoning tears .
tr	O	我张嘴想解释我们只是异卵双胞胎，但是奥森一个眼神就制止了我。
tr	O	你看起来情绪很丰富，并且我对研究情绪非常感兴趣。
tr	O	吸血鬼们令人毛骨悚然，但是他们并不可怕。
tr	I	Still the man had not blinked , and at no time was Nate out of his sight .
tr	O	我能接触到大量信息，并且我竭尽全力去吸收。
tr	O	当我们离开餐桌时，机器人收拾了碗碟，并且马奇带着萨莎去进行他们的睡前仪式。
tr	I	Amory , sensing my confusion , continued with his chronicle , but a million questions began to swirl around in my mind .
tr	O	他笑了，但是笑容背后却毫无暖意。
tr	O	她会尝试，但是他们在一起的这些年里，她从未这样做过。
tr	I	He put his arm around her waist and the meal paid for , they stood .
tr	I	The men posted outside her door forbid it , but Prue had tried to escape .
tr	O	我相信你会知道该派谁去，并且我期待着见到我们这个小团体的新成员。
tr	O	她的脸很坚毅，但是她的眼睛湿润了。
tr	O	戴维惊奇地看着这场转变，并且他感到一阵内疚。
tr	I	I directed her to the closest sofa to get her comfortable and we made it downstairs .
tr	O	我和她困在一起，因为她认为事情就是如此，并且我似乎对此无能为力。
tr	I	I could rest in the knowledge that I had done all I could for the time being , but it wasn 't ideal .
tr	I	Suddenly he felt drowsy , and Mac felt a needle poke into his thigh .
tr	I	My imagination is playing hell with me and I 'm tired , upset , stressed .
tr	O	他可能是哈维尔的优先，但是他也是我的。
tr	I	I pulled another long drink and my own heart squeezed painfully .
tr	I	There it is , but one would think it ought to be otherwise , we being what we are .
tr	O	他在那番话之后开始认真地行动，并且他再次让我失控，让我在小跑中达到释放。
tr	I	You 're dead to me and you 're fired .
tr	O	我喜欢这个主意，并且我告诉了他。
tr	O	他的嘴角上扬了，并且他又点了点头。
tr	I	He couldn 't believe how smart some of the people in his classes were and the competition was incredible .
tr	I	He knew it was a lost cause , but he walked around for a few more minutes .
tr	O	恶心的气味让我作呕，并且胃里的苦涩味开始涌上舌尖。
tr	O	似乎没有其他人挥舞着刀刃，但是那个老人——阿利斯特，那不是他的名字吗？
tr	O	我们确实需要尊重它们，是的，但是它们是为我们而存在的。
tr	O	瑞奇威胁维隆离开，因为他憎恶独裁，但是后来，他决定进行这个项目。
tr	O	每个人都互相帮助，并且没有敌人。
tr	O	桌上有一个水壶，但是当他拿起它时，他发现它是空的。
tr	I	She still couldn 't look at him but she felt him come up behind her .
tr	O	战局正在逆转，并且他们正以纯粹的数量优势压倒他。
tr	O	她只有高中学历，但是她对数学却有一种莫名的天赋。
tr	I	You did a good job but I know this was hard .
tr	I	A stunt like nothing I 've seen , but it was a stunt .
tr	I	His heart stopped in his chest , and he broke off when she snarled .
tr	I	I was ignoring him and he was ignoring me .
tr	O	肖恩的升职派对只剩下几天了，并且我不会破坏它。
tr	O	她再次成为众人瞩目的焦点，这次是正面的关注，而且她乐在其中。
tr	I	I can appreciate that , and you 're in love .
tr	O	他看向大卫寻求肯定，并且那个牧师点了点头。
tr	I	Those times had left her wallowing in shame , but a few times , the act had felt pleasurable rather than painful .
tr	O	我把手机揣进了我的连帽衫里，并且我的手指碰到了我带在身上的耳环。
tr	I	Her golden brown eyes were shimmering with nerves and her cheeks were the sweetest shade of red .
tr	O	她可能没有加百列已经看过那个花园的优势，但是她通过互联网彻底研究过它。
tr	O	那句话里没有敌意，但是那个战士的观点已经足够清楚了。
tr	I	I still really don 't find out much and I flip to the pages on the part that focuses on me .
tr	O	白桦树剥落的白色树皮在漫长倾斜的午后阳光下看起来像奶油般，并且它们的叶子是柔和的金黄色。
tr	O	几分钟后他听到凯特在楼上的声音，并且又过了一分钟她就下来了。
tr	I	She instinctively shrank back against her pillow , and it was so unlike him .
tr	I	If his gaze grew any hotter , I 'd burn beneath it , and his expression was nothing short of ferocious .
tr	I	The windmill spun free , dragging a broken rod which smashed heavily on the windmill 's casing with every revolution , and it shook .
tr	O	让别人摆布他可不像他的风格，并且他对这种事的抵制也表现出来了，即使他是在扮演角色时。
tr	I	The last one had caught her by surprise , but she 'd asked herself some of those questions .
tr	I	She cocks a confused eyebrow at me and I reply .
tr	I	It immediately tumbled back into my face and I tucked my hair behind my ear .
tr	I	You 're still my sons , but you might be kings now .
tr	I	Then two empty seats we 'd saved , and Micah sat beside me , then Eddie .
tr	I	The alpha 's body went limp and one last final cry erupted .
tr	O	一个人可以帮我们搞定结婚证，并且另一个人可以在民事仪式上为我们证婚。
tr	I	Cash swept Charlie 's targets into a pile , careful to keep them in correct date order and Reacher nodded .
tr	I	One I never let pass me by without giving it my all , but it was a bittersweet moment .
tr	O	她的建议很中肯，并且我只能听着。
tr	O	他的思绪飞转，并且他真的感到头晕。
tr	I	We needed to figure out how to chain Beelzebub and I needed to get the souls out of here .
tr	O	轮胎瘪了，但是她发现气泵挂在椽子上。
tr	I	Pot Luck was booked solid and as soon as the temperature warmed , people clamored to organize outdoor events .
tr	O	他把音乐开得震耳欲聋，唱歌的声音都分辨不清了，但是那绝对是一个八十年代的乐队。
tr	O	怀威尔让她仰卧，并且格温抬起了她的膝盖。
tr	O	戴尔，鼓手，数了拍子，并且乐队开始演奏肉饼的《仪表盘灯下的天堂》。
tr	O	我们曾谈论过爱彼此的身体，但是这不一样。
tr	I	That was hardly a big surprise , but my left leg hurt very badly .
tr	O	我感到脖子后面的毛发竖起，并且我的全身颤抖，仿佛一阵凛冽的风穿过我。
tr	O	他试图打开它，但是什么也没发生。
tr	I	You don 't understand , but okay , it is .
tr	O	雪莉说我是唯一一个真正爱过她的男人，并且尼尔拆散我们是不公平的。
tr	I	You always said no and I asked you a hundred times .
tr	O	她不得不强迫自己离开房子的安全，并且随后她感到一种对置身于开阔地的啃噬般的偏执。
tr	O	奥尔登看起来准备争辩，但是贾因少校支持格雷。
tr	O	那里的一切都说得通，但是在这里，什么似乎也说不通。
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she didn 't even know how long she 'd been asleep .
tr	I	He didn 't sit , but he walked back over to the table with her , carrying his cup .
tr	I	He 's so close now that I don 't have too many options , but I try not to look at him .
tr	O	他的声音压得很低，几乎听不见，但是他感觉到而不是看到了克洛伊因此而退缩。
tr	I	I could smell the apple sours on her breath and she leaned in too close .
tr	O	吉米开始走向他，但是鲁迪介入了，对他摇了摇头。
tr	O	她觉得那些遭遇非常侮辱人，因为这意味着那些纯种猫根本不把她当竞争对手，并且她受够了。
tr	I	He loved himself far more , but maybe his father loved him .
tr	O	她的温暖笑容充满我的心，并且她将一只手贴向自己。
tr	O	他所需要做的就是看到路易斯走在街上，并且他会微笑，无论他心情如何。
tr	I	In a moment it was silent , and no one moved to answer it .
tr	O	维罗妮卡踮起脚尖，让他大吃一惊，并且她回吻了他。
tr	I	It was not the same , but he altered the end to what it should have been .
tr	I	The engine seemed okay , but most of the windows had been blown out .
tr	I	Evan leads the way and we nod .
tr	I	Ned snorted and Luke turned away in disgust .
tr	O	妈妈不知怎么地把我带到了她的床上，并且我们一同坐了下来。
tr	O	我每天都看报纸上的伤亡名单，并且他的名字从未出现过。
tr	I	The best part was nowhere to be found , being with loved ones , but Christmas was all around him .
tr	O	诺亚一直想吃糖，但是我让他等着。
tr	O	加勒特循声转过身，并且克里斯托弗又在他的下巴上狠狠地打了一拳。
tr	O	莱拉可能在梦中对他很生气，但是她表达情绪的方式却不是愤怒。
tr	I	She felt his face in her hair and his arm curled tighter around her belly .
tr	I	I am safely outside , and you are in that box .
tr	I	Now she had a good reason to go back , but she didn 't know how she would handle it .
tr	O	时间会证明这一点，而且现在时间正在流逝。
tr	O	凡人所要做的只是和他说话，并且他被拒之门外。
tr	O	丹尼尔摇了摇头，而且肯尼的头耷拉了下来。
tr	O	和罗宾多花时间并非我所乐意之事，但是尽管她毫无根据地指责，她还是把我吓到了。
tr	O	我对女孩子的衣服一无所知，但是不管那是什么鬼东西，她看起来都棒极了。
tr	I	She spun away , heading for the sunlit yard and he dropped his hold on her as Jude 's leapt to seize her again .
tr	I	It 's just kind of who I am , but I don 't mean to be so intimidating .
tr	I	Eve canted her body to see whom he referred to and the priest gestured behind her .
tr	O	我一直坐着直到太阳越过我的肩膀，而且我们没有走多远。
tr	O	他有绰绰有余的资源来生存一段时间，但是《科学美国人》的专栏无疑让他的知名度比本来可能更高。
tr	I	On some level I think he understands me , and since then I 've come to understand him .
tr	I	His mouth worked magic between her thighs and Rory watched as his dark head lowered once more .
tr	O	当安妮瞥向扎克时，他的脸毫无表情，但是她却隐约觉得他刚才一直在皱眉。
tr	O	他们听到外面有急促的脚步声，像是有人在跑，并且门被猛地推开了。
tr	O	特伦顿没有回应，但是他在椅子里挪动了一下，显得非常不安。
tr	O	我已得到充分保障，并且整件事我还小有盈利。
tr	I	I kept my hand in hers , but she pulled away .
tr	O	特里斯坦也走近了一步，但是我继续无视他的存在。
tr	I	Her red cheeks became puffed and her head started to sway slowly from side to side .
tr	O	她是如何知道这些事情的，这是一个谜，但是她的能力毋庸置疑。
tr	O	我注意到他的眼睑下垂，好像很疲惫，但是他的呼吸加快了。
tr	I	I 'd rather die than live the rest of my life as half a man and I am mangled beyond repair .
tr	O	莱兰决定让她知道他对她行为的看法，但是他一看到她就改变了主意。
tr	I	He had no doubt that there 'd been a hint of familiarity in that quick look , but Thomas didn 't know if anyone else had noticed .
tr	I	Their icy stares were enough to kill and he set his dark eyes on Hunter 's green eyes .
tr	O	一个低沉温暖的声音向我问好，并且我抬头看到他手里拿着一杯茶，正低头看着我。
tr	O	我不再颤抖了，并且我的心跳也慢了下来。
tr	O	乔西坐在床边，并且那一刻的感觉向我袭来。
tr	O	他的一部分想搂住黛利拉安慰她，但是他知道那没有帮助。
tr	I	Even though we are not bound by blood , we are bound nonetheless , and we are a new , blended family .
tr	I	She supposed she could understand where the others were coming from , but she hadn 't paid a whole lot of attention to Steele .
tr	O	他们不说话，但是有时你会听到哀嚎声。
tr	O	康纳给了我一个不确定的眼神，但是他点了点头。
tr	I	He did it slow enough that I didn 't miss it , but he nodded once .
tr	I	God knows what else and the patrol car blinking in my drive would be joined by about five of his brethren .
tr	O	当他只是对她微笑时，她领会了他的意思，并且她感到一股热流传遍全身。
tr	I	My voice might have been a tiny bit shaky , but I managed not to stammer .
tr	I	I could feel her heart pounding beneath me and I felt my hand run up the back of her dress .
tr	O	我开始拿起我的回旋镖，但是当我看到他们手里拿着什么时，我改变了主意。
tr	I	In the flare I could see their faces , and many of them carried torches .
tr	O	他再次准备离开，并且她痛苦地紧抓着他。
tr	I	There 's a hook to attach the line to and there 's a cross stick to make sure the poles stay spread out .
tr	O	漫长的热水澡以一种令人清爽愉快的方式唤醒了她，并且她搓掉了身上残余的婚礼气味。
tr	O	她的头转过来，并且她停了下来。
tr	O	劳伦听出她母亲的声音中带着一丝严厉，并且她畏缩了一下。
tr	I	He 's no trouble at all and leave him alone with his pins .
tr	O	我不知道这一点，但是她真是个彻头彻尾的白痴。
tr	I	The car didn 't move , but the engine roared .
tr	I	They soon pushed forward again and the day rolled on .
tr	I	They didn 't come , but I waited for Macon 's comforting arms .
tr	O	他的手握了我的手，但是他的目光依然冰冷。
tr	O	这条溪流不像他们见过的那条河那么湍急，但是关于它的一些东西却让他感到不安。
tr	O	那只手臂缩进了缝隙，并且她爬得更快，她的膝盖甚至隔着她穿的蓝色牛仔裤也被磨破了。
tr	I	I tried to take it all in , and we walked through the French Quarter slowly .
tr	O	查斯和艾薇在一起很开心，这让你抓狂，但是嫉妒在你身上是一种难看的颜色。
tr	I	I watch myself disappear inside her and my eyes lower to our connection .
tr	O	我的双手紧握在身体两侧，但是一种决心慢慢地涌遍我全身。
tr	O	他用力地眯眼看着她，并且他的整张脸都皱了起来。
tr	I	The outcome of such should Meehan be correct and all who were listening were well aware of the implications of nuclear war .
tr	I	The truck was coming down , and now the engine was off .
tr	I	He has a small wooden house there and this is the paternal village of Acharya .
tr	O	他戴着黑色的墨镜，并且他看起来帅呆了。
tr	I	I can tell it 's forced , but he smiles .
tr	O	一阵半是歇斯底里的笑声爆发出来，并且他的嘴角咧开了一丝微笑。
tr	I	Her eyes darted around the trees and her voice quivered when she spoke .
tr	I	The pay was not what I had hoped I would get , but it was at first .
tr	I	The rest of me did not smell so nice , but I almost didn 't want to lose that scent .
tr	O	我向他们迈出一步，并且瑞尔姆把手指放在嘴唇上。
tr	O	她感到被那些眼睛吸引，并且她本能地知道，任何现在被吸入那些眼睛的东西都将一去不复返。
tr	O	他的鳞片掉了一大半，并且他的皮肤上布满了巨大的猩红色疖子。
tr	O	随着外星人成熟他会认为这是一件好事，但是目前这只是他日益增长的怨恨中又添的一桩侮辱。
tr	I	Odin slammed the stock of his rifle into the man 's jaw , and thanks to the Doc the door was malfunctioning .
tr	O	很多人会那样做，但是我想我还是把它的位置保密。
tr	I	It nearly collapsed beneath him as he moved backward , and he put too much weight on his right leg .
tr	I	I had arrived in and chapter 19 Eight of us piled into a different limousine than the one Vlad .
tr	I	Stan 's nostrils started to twinge and Nigel lifted up his blanket slightly .
tr	I	He was from a different time , but sure it was a touch misogynistic .
tr	O	它悬在她的指间，比看起来更重，并且奥斯汀所能做的只有盯着看。
tr	I	She still required a second look , but Neil had seen pictures of Allison when researching the Foxes .
tr	I	My ribs feel crushed , and my teeth rattle .
tr	O	其他的马也都准备好等待她的关注了，并且她接下来带出了金吉。
tr	I	She laughs as I slam my foot on the gas pedal and I grin because I 'm not surprised by her answer .
tr	O	我咯咯地笑了，在镜子里看了看我与她和吉娜相似的服装。
tr	O	这是我们的故事之一，并且我认为现在是听一些老歌的好时候。
tr	I	We 're working on a lot of things to stay safe , but we 've got a very small group .
tr	I	She didn 't like the Representative , but that seemed like a good idea .
tr	I	We are proud to have them and they are wonderfully disgusting .
tr	O	莎莉毫不怀疑她母亲讨厌这种对局势的解决办法，但是她对此的任何控制权都已完全脱离了她的掌控。
tr	I	They became efficient , sharpened and I gave in to them .
tr	I	It repelled the water , but it felt like clothe .
tr	O	他知道这是明智的，但是他为那个无法以如此微小的方式伸出援手的母亲感到心痛。
tr	I	It was smiling upon him and it was a solid presence in the dark .
tr	I	The sun was heading west , fast , and it was late afternoon .
tr	I	He held her close , and another shot rang out .
tr	I	She answered without missing a beat , but his question took Rena by surprise .
tr	I	Today she had little control to spare , and Matthew 's return had already left her raw .
tr	I	She wouldn 't leave , but we gave her directions to the farm .
tr	O	门上布满了巨大的铁铆钉，并且这个地方散发着一种威严的气场。
tr	I	Within seconds the whole thing glowed and Light sped up it .
tr	I	We were neighbors growing up and he 's my brother 's age .
tr	O	是啊，这可能有点奇怪，但是她不在乎。
tr	O	我们像真正的夫妻一样生活着，并且关于这一切都感觉如此地正确。
tr	O	阿德里安娜提议了，并且查理也照做了，等待着。
tr	I	I 'm not sure how to take them and she 's never said those words to me .
tr	I	Then his face relaxed , but Colt gritted his teeth .
tr	I	Her black eyes are unnerving in their lack of emotion and her dark hair makes the sharp features of her face even harder .
tr	O	他停顿了一下，并且我等着。
tr	I	It appeared she 'd received it , and I 'd texted Vee my new number before leaving .
tr	O	我的目光移向那里，并且我的躯干笔直地挺了起来。
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安曾努力让那个谎言听起来有说服力，但是他的表演却引人发笑。
tr	O	我问道，一边脱下夹克并把它搭在椅子上。
tr	O	他把脸埋进她的头发里，并且她敢发誓他开始打鼾了。
tr	I	Once he 'd stepped onto it , his life had been over , and the one carrot that had started him down the pathway to hell .
tr	I	Everything from shoes to video games to shards of glass rained down on us , and that end of the floor went vertical .
tr	O	多洛普点了点头，并且模糊地咆哮了一声。
tr	O	他有不明收入来源、犯罪记录，并且他还在偷窃雇主的财物。
tr	I	The LCD began blinking , and the beeping stopped .
tr	O	弗莱彻对我咧嘴一笑，并且我也回以微笑。
tr	O	是的，我吻了我男朋友，并且是的，那是在吻过你几分钟之后！
tr	I	I couldn 't place it , but I 'd seen it on Longshot 's maps .
tr	O	他察觉到我退开的那一刻，并且他皱起了眉。
tr	I	It does the job but it 's not exactly refreshing .
tr	O	这让他和飞艇连接在一起。
tr	O	他独自窃笑，因为他的计划成功了，并且他，至少暂时地，中断了他们的活动。
tr	O	这让阿隆索感到困扰，并且这又让他再次皱眉。
tr	I	It was never supposed to be altered from the original form , and after all the Torah was the most sacred book .
tr	O	人们正指着窗外，并且乘务员们正把手电筒照向黑暗中，寻找我。
tr	O	他不知道她怎么样了，并且他不愿意再看到她受到伤害。
tr	O	粗糙的双手揉搓着她，并且他俯身吸吮一个乳房，咬着乳头使其伸展。
tr	I	He knew that would never do , but for the briefest of moments , Anthony considered asking his mother to do it instead .
tr	I	He doesn 't let go , but I try to pull my arm away from him .
tr	O	我的呼吸变得沉重了，并且我强迫它慢下来。
tr	O	它们很熟悉，但是他却不记得见过任何与它们如此相似的东西。
tr	I	She was spared only because she was female , and her fellow art students were notorious practical jokers .
tr	I	Those full lips of hers kissed me like no other female ever had , and her gray-green eyes sparkled in the summer sun .
tr	I	We can 't run forever and Titan 's not going to give up .
tr	I	I struggled not to lick them and my lips suddenly felt very dry .
tr	I	It would be an unpleasant experience , but they wouldn 't be able to pin anything on him .
tr	I	It made the hair on the back of her neck rise , and it was a demon 's essence .
tr	I	I don 't get very far before Ivy starts talking , but I have my eyes on the entrance .
tr	I	The ones who can focus them can use them to do anything ... because they 're infinite , and they are pure rays of light .
tr	I	He had seemed very nice , but I had met him only once .
tr	I	I wanted to kick myself , and he raised a skeptical eyebrow .
tr	I	The two walked in relative silence , and the day wore on .
tr	I	I 'm basically moving his arm until it hurts and I have a new kid recovering from shoulder surgery .
tr	I	I stepped in it and she peed on the floor .
tr	O	我不知道他从哪儿把她弄来的，但是凯利是一个假的战利品妻子，目的是让杰克能绕过遗嘱条款。
tr	I	She seemed to relax and Zoe 's shoulders eased .
tr	I	I pushed a hand against his stomach , aiming the gun directly for his chest and a human face floated across my vision .
tr	I	It would normally be an older boy attending to their needs and as far as he knew it was reserved for special guests .
tr	I	His face remained solemn , but his lips tugged upward .
tr	I	She dove down it at breakneck speed and finally one opened onto a dimly lit back staircase .
tr	I	Nobody felt it more keenly than Cory , and it had been a disaster .
tr	O	它也是一种完美的防晒霜，并且甚至能让皮肤保持愉悦的柔软。
tr	O	他向珍妮芙点了点头，并且她也回敬了一个点头。
tr	O	他坠落了很久，并且他坠落得很快。
tr	O	莎莉给他报了一些估算价格，并且他听起来很感兴趣。
tr	I	Maryellen didn 't want to take advantage of her mother 's generosity , and by now her daughter would be cranky .
tr	I	She thought the woman looked ... sad , but they were too far for Claire to get a really good look .
tr	I	It was the kind of scenario he knew he might have to face but the major was stunned by the news .
tr	I	Cranny they might have missed or they stood together in the center of the room , scanning for any nook .
tr	I	It tears at my heart to see her like this and she just escaped from being a prisoner a few days ago .
tr	I	He stepped into the polished metal box and after a moment the doors glided open .
tr	I	It would be many days before his return but he sent a servant to fetch them .
tr	O	突然间所有的轻松感都消失了，并且她的思绪回到了黑暗中。
tr	I	He 's never approved of our friendship , but he told me to go with Elliott .
tr	O	他朝我皱眉，并且他脸颊的肌肉抽动了一下。
tr	I	The tension in the air seemed lost on her two companions but Emelia sensed it immediately .
tr	O	伊丽莎白的出现让他大为不安，并且他几乎无法集中精力于莎莉的谈话。
tr	I	He seemed to be ignoring the wall that hid the watchers , and they were beginning to find him more cheerful .
tr	O	飞行比步行所需能量更少，并且他感到相当疲倦。
tr	O	时间一分一秒地过去，并且卡拉找不到一个舒服的姿势。
tr	I	I realized it was my teeth , and a loud chattering noise filled my head .
tr	I	The icy mud squelched under his boots , and his breath billowed thickly in the air .
tr	I	He fell sideways onto Garen , knocking the lad half over and his sword slipped into the dust .
tr	O	他们以人类的方式显得很帅气，并且他们显然没有意识到安德里亚是一个变形者。
tr	I	Then he walked down the hall to where Eve was , and he backed reluctantly through the door , closing it quietly behind him .
tr	O	简迅速地说，并且乔纳森腼腆地笑了。
tr	O	食物很美味，并且它很快就被吃光了。
tr	I	She wanted to finish the job before she did but she intended to disclose the truth .
tr	I	The Winterville folk started packing up the food , hurrying toward the houses where they had hidden for days already , and the party mood was gone .
tr	I	I didn 't think figuring out how to manipulate it would be a problem , but I hadn 't prepared for a portal .
tr	I	They didn 't go to sleep either , but the three girls lay down after her .
tr	I	Daniel almost ran into him , lantern swinging , and he stopped .
tr	O	她仍然是她自己，但是现在她也是某种别的存在了。
tr	O	如果说有过一个糟糕的时机，那就是现在，但是这一次他的性欲却不想听从他的训练。
tr	I	I wondered how Saga managed to keep the books from rotting in the damp air , and the musty scent of aged pages filled the space .
tr	O	床单是丝绸的，并且他躺在最上乘的羊毛毯堆下。
tr	I	Bonnie could squeeze juicy tidbits out of a barrel cactus , and it made for good gossip regardless of the final outcome .
tr	I	He felt he had to report some progress and Lawrence Morton had a scheduled meeting with the P.M. soon .
tr	I	I can 't tell people what to do , and I can 't force them to get involved .
tr	O	他的手机响了，并且他瞥了一眼。
tr	O	斯宾塞想问，但是她张不开嘴。
tr	O	我们当然从不外出，但是我们的棺材里很宽敞。
tr	O	他的眼睛没有离开我的，并且在其中我看到一股难以言喻的情感洪流，它威胁着要融化我所有的防线。
tr	O	屋顶终于被清理干净了，并且他得以进入屋内。
tr	O	丹弗斯医生的办公室门是开着的，但是我还是敲了敲。
tr	I	Your father was our only option , and we desire to speak with you .
tr	I	It was a very long thirty seconds , but the whole process took about thirty seconds .
tr	I	The nomad line broke into small groups while the horsemen thundered past , and the riders rode hard at them .
tr	O	他们正在潜水，并且船上发生了一起爆炸。
tr	O	忽略那难闻的气味并非一个选择，并且我想知道发生了什么事。
tr	O	那些线条有各种宽度，并且其中一些比其他的更亮。
tr	O	你妈妈在花园里，并且你爸爸在他的书房里看球赛。
tr	O	天啊，你坐在那里肯定受了很多苦，但是至少你保持清醒，这才是最重要的。
tr	I	Sebastian stepped through and the door opened .
tr	I	A man stepped forward to fill the doorframe and the door creaked as it opened .
tr	O	当我叫你时，我希望你立刻过来，并且当我告诉你做某事时，我希望你去做。
tr	O	她从未考虑过这一点，但是她能理解其中的逻辑。
tr	O	温暖从他身上散发出来，就像高炉散发的热量一样，或者也许那只是我自己过热的想象。
tr	I	There was no sign of his brother , and forty-five minutes passed .
tr	I	James shrugged , and Pandora asked .
tr	I	Then I 'll tell her , and she 'll tell me something .
tr	O	她听到自己的名字和他的名字连在一起时笑了，但是她仍然哭得太厉害，无法回话。
tr	O	没有办法确切知道，但是肯定几乎没有人会知道足够多的事情来告诉别人任何关于梅森的事情。
tr	O	巴克有整整三天的时间来完成一次三天旅程，但是他今天就必须预订火车票。
tr	I	She had to reside on site and it was a three year course .
tr	I	It is the truth , but now I wouldn 't go telling Ty that , cause he will get a big head about it .
tr	I	His smile always grim and his nose was sharp .
tr	O	恶魔追逐着我，并且当我转身向后看时，有东西从我脸颊旁呼啸而过。
tr	I	It was strange to imagine being alone , truly alone , and for over thirty years the Order had been his family .
tr	O	我归咎于距离，但是我内心深处的一大部分却担心这不仅仅是距离的问题。
tr	I	My heartbeat slowed , and my eyesight cleared .
tr	I	It 'll offer a bit of a challenge for more experienced knitters , too but the scarf shouldn 't be too difficult for a beginner .
tr	I	It had been awhile , but this wasn 't the first time he held her .
tr	I	She 'd been slowly earning back his trust ever since , and after he 'd met Clare , Logan had reconciled with his mother .
tr	O	辞掉你的工作，那么你就不能给妈妈买房子了。
tr	O	霍斯廷勋爵向前走进了熊熊烈火的光芒中，并且贝基的心怦怦直跳。
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to focus on what was happening .
tr	I	You will serve some sort of punishment , but we 'll stand before a judge again to argue .
tr	O	他们今天下午在那里排练着他们演出的第一幕，并且我迫不及待地想看它在完整灯光下的演出。
tr	O	有不同的可能答案，并且他的行动方案将取决于哪个答案出现。
tr	I	It seems wrong to talk at a normal level , but I feel ridiculous whispering .
tr	I	The dragon shuddered and she stroked her hand against him .
tr	O	他转过身去和某人说话，并且那时我看到了光。
tr	I	They were supposed to , or nowadays the wolves followed the orders of the queen .
tr	O	这让他的皮肤感到刺痛，并且他猛地转过头。
tr	I	A DJ started , igniting a movement of dancing energy towards the small stage , and the band stopped to take a break .
tr	I	His lips quirk at the edges and I feel my cheeks get hot .
tr	O	餐厅里的那个迈克尔确实很甜蜜，但是他不是她每天都生活在一起的那个男人。
tr	I	The hairs on my arm stood on end as I shivered , and my skin felt cold even though the sun was extremely hot outside .
tr	O	我张开嘴想回敬几句俏皮话，但是他竖起一根手指，在他对着电话说话时让我噤声。
tr	I	He pauses calming himself and his tone oozes disgust .
tr	O	她将目光固定在那些乳白色的球体上，但是她不再认出它们所属的那个男人。
tr	O	我第一次没有听到自己的名字被叫，并且老师不得不重复了一遍。
tr	I	If that sentry is paying particularly good attention , he still might spot me , but I 'm a shadow in a field of shadows .
tr	O	他可能熟悉这里，但是跑去找他没有意义，尤其是在看到他和黛安娜在一起之后——啪！
tr	I	She threatened to sleep with my cousin and I hadn 't thought I 'd truly go through with it until I came home .
tr	I	It would only be made worse by waiting , but he had always known this would be difficult .
tr	O	库克夫人似乎比其他人更快用完补给，而且她看起来很好。
tr	O	他需要弄清楚这件事，但是这种情况对他来说很陌生。
tr	I	Most people were wrapped up warmly , and it was a chilly April day .
tr	I	The damage had been done , but they 'd managed to ward off the rats , so they were no longer being devoured .
tr	O	我们咯咯笑着跑到他的车旁，并且我跳了进去，感觉生活充满活力。
tr	O	我的手机在我口袋里响了，并且当我伸手去拿时，我抓不住它。
tr	I	I trusted that smile because it was all I knew and he was always smiling .
tr	O	即使我的新工作也无法将我从这种抑郁中拉出来，而且新的工作环境也很棒。
tr	O	它为像丹那样的恶意碰撞留下了漏洞，但是那只让比赛对球迷来说更有趣。
tr	O	我们走进了酒店，并且一滴眼泪掉了下来。
tr	I	He was driving me mad but I didn 't truly want to catch him directly .
tr	O	很难相信他会错过这起谋杀案的消息，但是这也完全有可能。
tr	I	That surprises me and he 's hesitant .
tr	I	I switched on the closet light to get a better look , and a plastic bag poked out from the rest of the clothes .
tr	I	You ate the other and my co-worker ate one of the cookies .
tr	O	只有偶尔的沉降，出现在外墙已经开裂，并且泥土已经流入了通道的地方。
tr	O	我不确定为什么，但是事实就是如此。
tr	O	他的笑容与艾登的截然不同，但是很和善。
tr	O	他的妻子是狼，并且她那醉酒的欢快声，拥抱着她的一切，远非不受欢迎。
tr	O	唯一的问题是我失去了生命中的四年，并且无论我做什么，我都想念它们。
tr	O	她向他伸出手，并且那就是他所需要的所有鼓励。
tr	O	每页都是相同的信息，但是不同颜色的内容归档在不同位置。
tr	O	她考虑了一会儿，并且接着，随意地耸了耸肩，扔给他其中一件武器。
tr	O	格拉姆的一句话让菲利斯停在了最近的巨大物体上方，并且墙上所有可以从战斗中抽身的人都只能盯着看。
tr	I	Cass wouldn 't be there , but only Cass might take her side , asking what she wanted .
tr	O	人行道上的鹅卵石割进了拖鞋袜，但是我继续走，尽管我不知道詹姆斯正带我去哪里。
tr	I	I keep his , and he keeps my secrets .
tr	O	布里亚点了点头，但是她的脸依然严峻。
tr	I	She worries about me , and she is dying .
tr	O	我怀疑地瞪了他一眼，但是在我开始审问之前，我们被一个我认识的女服务员迎接了。
tr	I	They see Colleen 's room and they look down the hall .
tr	O	他可能也会抓到我，但是那也完全没关系。
tr	O	这不是真正的笑声，但是那也没关系，因为我本来就没想让它好笑。
tr	I	My eyes fell closed and the satisfaction in her voice made me throb in her hand .
tr	O	杰斯将注意力转向房子，并且我又做了一次深沉而平静的呼吸。
tr	O	随着高潮的到来，她猛地从床上弹起，并且他也加入了她。
tr	O	我本不该对墨菲的弟弟回瞪着我感到惊讶，但是我的确惊讶了。
tr	I	Humans seem the same but plants seem a little more vibrant .
tr	I	Her strawberry blonde curls flowed down the back of her little black dress , and her hair was loose .
tr	O	我们回去，并且我们把他救出来。
tr	O	人类开始惧怕树木，并且最终，当一群人慢慢走过它们时，这些人什么也没做。
tr	O	她紧张地咽了咽口水，并且她的手心变得湿润了。
tr	I	All I keeping thinking about is that she ran , but I slam my palm against the plastic , losing my cool , something I rarely do .
tr	I	It wasn 't the case , but that time , Payton pulled back , making everyone believe that she lost the exchange .
tr	I	She wanted it to be true and he had said she was capable of shifting with his help .
tr	I	Rats that weren 't in a cage bothered her , but she didn 't mind most animals .
tr	I	His heart jumped a beat , and she inched around the chair , coming closer to him .
tr	O	当时刚过中午，并且他这一天就已经圆满了。
tr	I	His hold was incredibly strong , but his body trembled against hers .
tr	O	他会阻止我，但是那不重要。
tr	I	He 'd always been a good cop , but maybe he 'd been a shitty boyfriend .
tr	I	Renton 's questioning was interrupted by his phone ringing , and her mood had turned from confrontational to tearful .
tr	I	Even he can 't pull that one off , but Ashton 's a fantastic liar .
tr	I	Then it stopped , and it fired a full clip .
tr	O	发动机转速提高了，并且飞船离开了舱门。
tr	I	It bounces as I hop back into the bed , and I land the truck .
tr	O	她把手指按在我的手臂上，并且我迅速转身看她。
tr	I	By the same token , her successes were a reason to celebrate , and her struggles were their own .
tr	O	他不像我一样固执，但是他也差不多了。
tr	I	I got up this morning and he took off before Sara .
tr	O	没有具体的证据，但是很容易猜到，他的过往也有蹊跷。
tr	O	我猜那是在地面层，但是我不能再确定了。
tr	I	I flinch involuntarily and a door slams .
tr	O	不是他希望我那样做，但是我仍然关心他会发生什么。
tr	O	他的双臂和双腿都不见了，而且他的皮肤看起来就像被绞肉机绞过的肉。
tr	I	There was a soft light in the sky , illuminating the trail in a majestic way but the sun hadn 't come up yet .
tr	I	His eye wanders , looking for entertainment , and Charlie has nobody left to laugh with .
tr	O	那是一句不经意的话，但是它一直在我脑海里。
tr	O	丹尼尔试图让杰里米拿他的一个笔记本去画他们看到的任何不寻常的动物，但是杰里米拒绝了。
tr	I	She took an instinctive step back , bumping into Hancock and she heard the door in front of her fly open .
tr	O	她又向前迈了一步；再一步，并且她就能足够靠近触摸到他了。
tr	I	I could not recall anything , but I thought for a while .
tr	I	She 's on my side , and I think she gets it .
tr	I	There was nothing majorly wrong , but he had a horrible case of fleas that we 've taken care of .
tr	O	这件艺术品的主题模糊不清，但是话又说回来，我也没有仔细研究它。
tr	O	我能听到雅各布冲着他们大喊，同时眼前一黑，但是我还没来得及听明白他说什么就昏过去了。
tr	O	我听到了一些尖叫声，并且接着一切都安静了下来。
tr	I	The human was a heavy sleeper , and perhaps I 'd gotten lucky .
tr	I	Right now I needed one more piece of information , but later , I could think about what it meant .
tr	O	他笑了，并且那个声音让她充满了幸福。
tr	I	Aaron was staring at Kevin as he waited for a translation , and nicky was too busy gaping at Neil to say anything .
tr	O	事件的记忆已经够糟糕了，但是我b知道杰莎会问的。
tr	O	我的态度好转了，并且假肢取代了轮椅。
tr	O	到了现在，红方的人已全面投入战斗，并且尽管他们人数上超过了东方敌人，那仍是一场艰苦的战斗。
tr	O	黄金并没有立即显现出来，并且威尔顿明智地没有在他的日记中写明黄金藏匿的确切地点。
tr	O	通常卡西迪会觉得人类对衣服如此执着很有趣，但是眼下她非常清楚自己赤身裸体地站在迭戈面前。
tr	O	也许有一天情况不会是这样，但是暂时最好他还是留在后面。
tr	I	Ben had always needed somebody to guard his back , and cops were hunted in there .
tr	O	我还没来得及说什么，他便把手指伸进了我的嘴里，并且我吸吮着。
tr	I	She didn 't want to talk to the clerk , but she would have gone out into the main area .
tr	I	Jenny couldn 't tell what it was , and the only thing not crossed out was in the middle .
tr	O	她的专业是天体物理学，但是她大部分时间都花在会议上，以确保QT顺利运行。
tr	O	她无处可去，并且她喜欢这里。
tr	O	他们再次握手，并且他们的手指交叉着，这样他们就知道彼此是同道中人。
tr	O	我的膝盖后部撞到了床垫边缘，并且我跌坐在床上。
tr	O	月光开始洒满庭院，并且随着月光触及到那些男人，克洛伊不再盯着肌肉看。
tr	I	She hides behind the words of the creator , but she covets power as much as I do .
tr	I	Her fingers dug into his shoulders , and soft sounds slipped from her mouth .
tr	O	艾米丽手臂上的肌肉完全绷紧了，但是我紧紧地抓着她。
tr	O	斯嘉丽绝望地拉扯着它们，但是大门已为夜间上锁。
tr	O	天色已晚，并且艾莎会好奇我在哪里。
tr	I	I think it landed somewhere on his neck , but I 'd been aiming for his cheek .
tr	O	垃圾堆满了临时街道，而且几个穿着破旧衣服的孩子开始跟着我们。
tr	I	Nicky held on to me , but I tried to get up .
tr	I	He was completely unconscious and there was blood everywhere .
tr	O	背景是一扇雨水模糊的玻璃，而且前景是两个悲伤的男孩一同凝视着镜头。
tr	O	我会在这里，假装是米卡尔，并且我会对付他。
tr	I	I realized I 'd been shot , and it felt like a burn .
tr	I	I was knocked unconscious and I don 't think the air bag worked properly , because my head slammed into the steering wheel .
tr	O	在那里没有什么真正的理由，而且无论如何，他心不在此。
tr	O	她的举止发生了一些变化，并且她的眼睛眯了起来。
tr	I	Not before she saw him slam face first into the wall , but grinning , she closed the door .
tr	O	这就像每个公民都拥有的安全毯，而且那些没有它的人生活在持续的恐惧中。
tr	I	He smiled a little bit all the same , but Ethan blinked slowly , his eyes still sleepy .
tr	O	他知道，不过，那为时过早并且道格拉斯是位专家级战略家。
tr	O	只有杰克能完全发挥这件神器的力量，但是她能让它发光。
tr	I	I won 't and I don 't have to listen to this !
tr	O	她会期待我过来，而且我思念她。
tr	O	扎克的嘴角扭曲成讥笑，而且他后退了一步，远离她。
tr	I	She could still wreak havoc on base , but she couldn 't get off the base .
tr	I	Keeping the reason for it a secret was killing her , and there was a spring in her step that hadn 't been there for years .
tr	I	The word had not been put out that we had escaped or maybe there was a turnover of duty .
tr	O	房间戛然而止，而且他的光在墙壁上闪烁。
tr	O	我会建议他如有必要就报警，而且我不会对你因此所遭遇的一切感到怜悯！
tr	I	It would be nice to have another friend at school , and I liked her .
tr	O	即使桑迪变得不同了，但是她仍然是我最好的朋友。
tr	O	他一言不发地照她说的做了，而且他们一起把衬衫给他套到头上。
tr	I	It was turning out to be too true , and Lyn had said exactly that near the beginning .
tr	O	他在情感上可能无法给予她太多，但是至少在床上他给了她所有她想要和需要的一切。
tr	I	Being around my sister helped more , but I 'm sure the booze helped .
tr	I	He kissed me sweetly and as we both came down , his thrusts slowed to a leisurely pace .
tr	I	That 's why he seemed to be the one in charge , and maybe her father had done a lot of business with him .
tr	O	我不想伤害你，但是如果我必须，我就会。
tr	O	他不应该在防火道上开车，但是这无关紧要。
tr	O	这是一个喧闹、喜庆的环境，而且索尔从未见过这样的景象。
tr	O	她的头靠在我的肩膀上，并且我知道罗布就在那扇滑动玻璃门后面。
tr	I	They certainly hadn 't acquired a dog 's sense of smell , but the madmen might act like hounds .
tr	O	我有了个想法，并且不是那种能让我在夜里睡得更好的想法。
tr	O	如果这是我们第一次见面，情况会更糟，但是我对德克兰很自在。
tr	I	Yet she 'd felt some kind of connection to him , and Murdoch 's bite had been the worst pain she 'd ever experienced .
tr	I	Then she drank , but she was never out doing anything other than working , as far as I knew .
tr	I	I laughed as well , as the tension in the room drifted away slightly , and he laughed .
tr	O	他感觉自己的内脏在撕裂，但是至少痉挛已经停止了。
tr	I	John looked into Alexis ' eyes and the courtroom cleared out .
tr	O	声音渐渐变大，并且格兰特意识到一次呼气正在开始。
tr	O	他只需要放手，并且他就能用两只手臂重新爬上去。
tr	O	医生已经给了她止痛药，而且凯勒知道她昨晚没睡好。
tr	I	You 're not free from the law but you might be free from that prison .
tr	I	Red seemed more fitting for this occasion , but she knew brides usually carried white flowers .
tr	I	It can 't be her , but I recognize the voice .
tr	O	他反而再次摇了摇头，尽管他的一边眉毛确实挑了起来，笑容也黯淡了一些。
tr	I	I was right behind her , and she took the lead , diving for the number six .
tr	O	他让她笑，并且他让她揪心。
tr	O	我不知道你能待多久，但是我很乐意在你在这里的时候，给予你全部的关注。
tr	I	That meant the same as her classes before lunch -- stares , and * * * French class went off without a hitch .
tr	O	当吸血鬼可能被绑架，并且我们家族面临不确定的未来时，不行。
tr	I	Every time I heard one , panic seized me , but I had to keep telling myself not to make a big deal of the jokes .
tr	O	我的尖叫声变成了呜咽，并且我的身体因筋疲力尽而瘫软。
tr	O	她的节奏乱了，并且她的呼吸变得急促。
tr	O	我迅速把手从盒子里拿开，但是已经太迟了。
tr	I	I pull open the curtain , and Kalli shuts the water off .
tr	O	他的口袋里有戒指，并且他的手里捧着一大束由二十四朵精致白玫瑰组成的花束。
tr	O	我想告诉他没必要，但是这句话的离奇之处让我说不出话来。
tr	O	他舔了舔蕾丝的边缘，并且她的乳头紧绷到不可思议的尖点，渴望着他嘴里的温暖。
tr	I	At least he nodded , but he still looked unhappy .
tr	I	I don 't trust his reasons for wanting to buy the company from me , but I can 't pin point it exactly .
tr	O	她几乎拉近了他们之间的距离，但是接着她转身去收拾她的东西。
tr	O	我发现我的呼吸停滞了，并且我小腹的肌肉收紧了。
tr	O	瑞秋愉快地去拜访朋友了，并且房子也陷入了一种不安的寂静。
tr	O	我用尽全力推他的胸膛，但是他甚至似乎没有注意到。
tr	O	这是我的生活，并且我将做任何我想做的事。
tr	O	并非我真的做了，但是我希望我能。
tr	I	His eyes are dark with anxiety and Sebastian 's brow is furrowed with concern .
tr	O	她专注于他，烟雾弥漫在她耳边，并且库珀迟钝地意识到那绿色的潘趣酒令人作呕。
tr	I	She was talking to him and she was just so pretty .
tr	O	我的脸颊发烫，但是我没有放开他。
tr	I	Now , he was returning , and the first time had occurred yesterday when Elliot had arrived , then when he 'd left .
tr	I	His wife looks more skeptical , but the innkeeper beams .
tr	I	Her mouth fell open and Janet 's eyes widened .
tr	O	我不能准确指出我们在哪里，但是我会在接下来的百码内知道。
tr	I	She hated that he wasn 't getting good tasting meals to help him build his strength , but it was good to hear him joking around .
tr	O	他的敌人抬起头，并且他们的目光相遇了。
tr	I	It staggered then stopped and they hit the craft .
tr	I	She was too tired to deal with him , and he was exasperating .
tr	I	Curtis went tumbling onto the pavement and Eddie yanked Curtis out of the car by his shirt collar .
tr	I	My brain refused to accept it , but part of me already knew it .
tr	I	Melissa pushed it down , but Rex started to raise his arm to point .
tr	I	He realized he 'd recognized his dad 's nasally voice and that scream the attacker had made came back to him .
tr	O	在我还没来得及问一切是否安好，铃声响起，提示换课，并且他迅速出了门，甚至没有回头看一眼。
tr	I	With his face so close , I couldn 't help it , but I didn 't plan to do it .
tr	O	他的嘴唇只碰到了头发，但是仍然感觉有电流流遍我的全身。
tr	O	第三章 现在已经过了十点，并且北方侵略正全面展开。
tr	O	我的心头一沉，并且我知道那个答案。
tr	I	Clint shook his head but Chewy 's face began to looked concerned .
tr	I	I decided not to , but I could have used my own Stone magic to harden my skin .
tr	O	她的额头因撞击而流血，但是她不在乎那个。
tr	O	我无法阻止他，并且你知道那一点，黛丝提妮。
tr	O	我为没能提供太多陪伴而道歉，但是他不肯接受。
tr	I	He needed to stretch his legs a bit and Roger suggested they walk the tour since it wouldn 't take very long .
tr	I	Someone else was whistling , but the birds were chirping .
tr	I	Disturbing her would be a mistake , and Alena was on her way to visit Antonio , as she had said .
tr	I	I caught his arm , but Jason lunged at him .
tr	O	女人一直看着你，而且我不会因此变得恐怖又精神错乱。
tr	I	Her door slammed shut , and she waved her fingers .
tr	O	黑曜石映入眼帘，并且我把它握在手里。
tr	O	他的眉毛拧在一起，并且他放在她臀部的手抓得更紧了。
tr	O	这是一个影响深远的头衔，但是我将其视为最高的赞扬。
tr	O	我仰起头想看看里面是什么，但是斯卡立刻拉开了一层隐形盖板，露出一扇蛋白石门，闪耀着明亮的蓝色光芒。
tr	I	I felt a pang of dismay , and at the end of the corridor are closed double doors .
tr	O	我轻声但坚定地说着，并且我看到他的鼻孔张开了。
tr	I	He gave her a deep , searing kiss and this time , his tongue invaded her mouth .
tr	O	这是一种陈旧的气味，萦绕已久，但是它是我最喜欢的。
tr	O	她对他的饥渴冲击着她，并且她把她的尖牙扎进了他的肩膀。
tr	I	I shifted my attention to the map spread out between them , and he snickered .
tr	I	The roof was mostly gone , too , and the wood in between had been consumed .
tr	I	They enjoyed learning new things and the pupils always made their homework .
tr	O	她轻声地对某人低语，并且我的视野扩大了，露出了阴影中的另一个人。
tr	I	The sentiment held true , but not one she could live up to .
tr	I	I stepped into the pool of white and she held the skirts wide .
tr	O	没有任何感觉能比得上我骗到人并且成功时的那种感觉。
tr	O	实在是太晚了，就像其他所有事情一样，但是我正在明白它。
tr	I	We all knew it and he was a goner .
tr	O	曼弗雷德再次把手捂住耳朵，但是他无法隔绝噪音。
tr	O	雷尔姆紧咬着下巴，并且他把照片还给了我。
tr	I	His hair was expertly styled , and his broad shoulders were covered by a perfectly fitted navy blue suit .
tr	I	She had been raised to be punctual , but he had no way of knowing of course .
tr	O	她不知道什么时候能再找到工作，并且她所有的闲钱都是用来维持生计的。
tr	I	It was wrong , wrong , wrong , but he explained what he 'd done so plausibly .
tr	O	他得到了所有报告过任何可能追溯到他的人的详细名单，并且他让他们成为了目标。
tr	I	Somehow he had , but he certainly hadn 't intended to make her feel worse .
tr	I	I really don 't need him for this one but I feel Onyx take a protective step towards me .
tr	I	He grimaced as he stubbed his toe and it was a bit larger than expected .
tr	I	He managed to get off one shot but Ike uttered a yelp of mortal terror .
tr	O	奥利弗爷爷的妻子梅丽莎先穿过它，并且接着我也穿过，我丈夫的两个兄弟的妻子也穿过。
tr	O	她说，即使她也喘着气，她的话语像破碎的玻璃一样从她口中逸出。
tr	I	No records had been kept of its flight , but secondly , the other possibility was that the plane had been there .
tr	I	Her eyelids drooped and she yawned again .
tr	I	The tugging sensation made her queasy , but she didn 't feel any pain .
tr	O	还有一个女孩牵涉其中，并且他让她离开了。
tr	O	从那个距离看，隧道显得更大，但是它黑得像一座未开启的坟墓。
tr	O	迈克点了点头，并且坎迪斯跟着。
tr	O	她浓郁的深棕色眼睛如同可可的颜色，并且她的头发像乌木丝波浪般披散在肩上。
tr	O	他的话语在我脑海中回荡，但是他的嘴唇却未曾动过。
tr	I	There were also many that he had never heard of before , but she had told him about some of them .
tr	I	It was the truth , but that might be arrogant .
tr	I	Everything was going to be okay until you did that to Kip and he 's dead .
tr	I	It 's not the case , but I assumed after what happened he 'd just walk away .
tr	I	She rushed to the kitchenette and he closed the bathroom door behind him .
tr	O	他可以沿着船体图案描绘出门的轮廓，以及可能收起的鳍。
tr	O	苏珊把毯子盖在他身上，但是他的牙齿还在不停地打颤。
tr	O	他露出一个友好的微笑，但是当他看着查斯时，那微笑却没有达到他的眼底。
tr	O	我打算阻止这一切，否则她可能会锒铛入狱。
tr	I	I 'd clearly put my foot in my mouth , but most slutty g * y men weren 't sensitive about being slutty .
tr	I	She felt it tremble as he tightened his grip , an astonished smile on his face , and Sophie took it .
tr	O	阿瑞斯会拯救亨利，并且预言将会实现。
tr	O	他不是吸血鬼，但是他确实很危险。
tr	I	Already he 'd changed so much and we were still hours from dusk .
tr	O	莎拉只是威胁了他们，但是你已经进入了他们的竞技场。
tr	I	He knew , but if he didn 't know her , he would think she was merely bored .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything with my aunt there , but Hunter seemed to want to talk .
tr	O	她是独自一人，但是被监视的感觉让她怀疑在异国他乡偏离指定道路的理智。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure she really believed what I 'd told her , but she slowly nodded her head .
tr	O	他的头发垂在脸上，但是她能感觉到他那龇牙咧嘴的怒视。
tr	I	Our sympathetic tolerance must have been driving her mad , and we were all relieved that it wasn 't us .
tr	O	文森特的回答是向我蹒跚走来，并且我把自己紧紧地靠在箱子上。
tr	O	他们看到了一切，而且即使是拥有最强精神防御的天使也无法将他们隔绝在外。
tr	I	She looks at us through half open eyes , and her eyelids are droopy again .
tr	O	我以前觉得他跟着我转很烦人，但是现在我却怀念那一点了。
tr	O	我眨了眨眼，并且这并没有什么帮助。
tr	I	Harald nodded at me , and I described all this .
tr	I	Graeme bit out an impatient oath and a knock sounded .
tr	O	变化正在发生，并且紧张气氛加剧了。
tr	O	也许有一天我会有一个花园，而且我还会去非洲旅行。
tr	O	贝克斯开始说话了，但是当她看到我母亲的眼睛时她停了下来。
tr	O	我找到了我生命中的挚爱，并且我与他共建了生活。
tr	O	我尽可能地靠墙后退，但是他只是更用力地向我挤压。
tr	I	You never make it to the pearly gates , and essentially : you do it .
tr	I	She stared at me , eyes wide , and her face paled beneath its pretty color .
tr	I	The teasing didn 't end , but then he started to run .
tr	I	I was suddenly sick and a rock seemed to drop in my stomach .
tr	O	她想到了，但是她没有说出来，因为她知道他不会同意。
tr	O	当他端来咖啡时我对他笑了笑，并且他看起来很惊慌。
tr	I	Vince 's glow of civic virtue diminished with every second of Coughlin 's stare , and the detective was regarding Vince with open skepticism .
tr	O	我有选择，并且我做出选择。
tr	O	巨人的头猛地抬了起来，并且他离开了吉莉安的身体，这样新来的人就能看到他那可怕的杰作。
tr	O	但丁还是穿着衬衫，并且莉丝遗憾地摇了摇头。
tr	O	我再也没有见过他们，并且我也没有见过他们离开。
tr	I	She opened her eyes , surprised , and laughing , I shook my head .
tr	O	一辆救护车正开上山，警灯闪烁着，并且另一辆紧随其后。
tr	I	Freda just cried more , but some even stopped to ask could they help .
tr	I	Leif once again laughed and understanding dawned on him .
tr	I	Now he knew what the dwarfs meant , and the heavy darkness closed in again , like curtains .
tr	O	我走进了教室，并且当我看到托林时，我的脚步踉跄了一下。
tr	O	当威尔建议将丛林穿越作为理论解决方案时，我感到很恐惧，但是实际动手做的却是我。
tr	I	I hadn 't known about her , and she didn 't know I was up for a spot on the Nexus .
tr	I	Samara watched the crowd backup towards him away from the exit and just then the trailer door slid open .
tr	O	瑞秋很开心，并且那就是我所希望的一切。
tr	I	Then he shifted , his natural powers even stronger when dragon , and he motioned her farther away with a wave of his hand .
tr	O	有好几对新婚夫妇，并且还有我以前从未见过的陌生人。
tr	O	那是任务，并且我是特工九号。
tr	I	It was hard to tell , since my property always smelled like wolves , but there was no scent of anyone recently nearby .
tr	I	She wasn 't out of control , but yes , she needed some reining in .
tr	O	他们可能不在那所房子里，但是他们还是把她留在了那里。
tr	O	既然我从未冷血杀过任何人，我别无选择，只能同意他的提议。
tr	O	她想被他说话的方式冒犯，但是她无法否认那让她多么兴奋。
tr	I	Not sure it wouldn 't , but Kylie asked , not sure it would help .
tr	I	You will see they aren 't that scary and you just need to loosen up a bit .
tr	I	Her mother is just the right person to do that reminding and Sarah needs to be reminded how to treat a man well .
tr	I	Now I knew firsthand why , and a mated pair didn 't go very far without each other , especially when danger was involved .
tr	I	She beats me to a cold ' We know ' but I take one step toward the receptionist to say something .
tr	O	她现在拿这件事开玩笑，但是一年前她在治疗抑郁自杀者的康复机构里的时光对她来说并不容易。
tr	O	妮基走了，并且他的心停止了跳动。
tr	O	我看到光芒在薄雾中闪烁，并且玻璃碎裂飞溅。
tr	I	It 's painfully obvious no one would hear but I could scream .
tr	O	他的门开着，但是当我走进去的时候他示意我关上。
tr	O	温暖的微风拂过我的身体，并且我感到很安全。
tr	I	She felt herself getting wet and her mind flashed to a memory of seeing him naked for the first time in full light .
tr	I	Spencer fell in beside me and Savannah led us into the restaurant .
tr	O	我说了这话觉得自己像个混蛋，但是这似乎是需要说出来的。
tr	O	福尔斯彻奇山麓光秃秃的枫树在清爽的三月天空中显得格外醒目，但是宁静的环境对平息她的怒火没有多大帮助。
tr	O	他救了我，但是我们之间完全没有了温暖，那里曾经是我们的友谊所在。
tr	I	She watched as the light left his eyes and her blade drove through a man 's heart .
tr	I	That gave her peace of mind and she could see signs of improvement .
tr	O	他在必要时可能魅力十足，但是他不可信。
tr	I	I hated it , and the rope seemed like a cruel chain meant to control me .
tr	I	He clearly had his own life , but it was nice that he talked to me .
tr	I	I took a seat and I watched as Luke walked away .
tr	O	被子是冷的，并且他的妻子是暖和的。
tr	I	Suddenly her face lit up and she glanced at the doors .
tr	I	He did not care , but she still smelled like a drunkard .
tr	I	His expression was no longer a careful mask , and Tavi stared up at her .
tr	I	The moon had revealed a monster in his place , and she 'd looked upon the face of her beloved .
tr	I	We swam back to shore and he laughed .
tr	I	He was simply helping her home and anyone who saw them would think she was drunk .
tr	I	It tells how , but Death must come .
tr	I	I rubbed myself against him anyway , but the curling strands of his chest hair seemed to scrape my sensitive nipples .
tr	O	他把杯子推向爱丽丝的手，但是她的手抖得太厉害了，拿不住。
tr	O	斯图几乎和罗科一样愤怒，但是他正在仔细思考当前的情况。
tr	I	The movement of the waltz brought her lower body into firm contact with his , and he pulled her closer .
tr	O	我想念他，并且我想记住以前是什么样子。
tr	O	他把水泼到脸上，希望能给他能量，但是唉，当他下去帮沙恩时，他仍然拖着疲惫的身体。
tr	I	She didn 't move , but she could sense the wildness in him , the instability .
tr	I	Three loud gunshots permeated the silence surrounding him , but he stopped to take a sip from his water bottle .
tr	O	半人马的朋友们看到了发生的一切，并且他们立刻开始离开这个区域。
tr	O	我以为他的眼睛是绿色的，但是当我们走进房子，在灯光下，我才发现它们是蓝色的。
tr	O	艾丽莎张开嘴想反驳我，但是我继续说着。
tr	I	We held a good position and there were more of us .
tr	O	加布里埃尔张开嘴想感谢他，但是参议员已经转向了队伍中的下一个人。
tr	I	Even so I 'll be hoping Alexis has a whole lot of head colds , but it 's hardly a compromise .
tr	I	I ignore her , but the feminazi inside my mind is screaming at me .
tr	O	阿比盖尔看起来不相信我，并且我也不确定自己是否相信自己。
tr	O	如此靠近他却无法触碰他是一种折磨，提醒着我有多么喜欢他。
tr	O	他们两人骑马先行，都察觉到维罗警惕的目光，但是他们确保自己已超出听力范围。
tr	O	我不喜欢男人抓我，并且我那懒惰的叔叔也做不出任何足够快的反应。
tr	O	困惑在她美丽的脸上闪过，并且丹尼尔能做的只有希望她不会拒绝他。
tr	O	我们身后的门打开了，并且艾登示意我向前。
tr	I	I love the sound of well-constructed sentences and I write because I enjoy telling stories .
tr	O	接着她低下了头，黑发如面纱般垂落在脸上，并且她的身体放松了。
tr	O	她必须完全掌控一切，并且她必须坚不可摧！
tr	I	She tried to ignore the question , but Joey seemed to be asking Savannah .
tr	O	她的眼睛闭上了，并且她的额头出现了皱纹。
tr	I	For an instant Keller expected to see fire , and it opened its mouth .
tr	I	Hearing Dr. Todd put it like that , I felt scared , but I had every intention of reaching out to the other therapist .
tr	I	We 'll slow this lot down a bit while you get Will to the lander and the rest stay with me .
tr	I	She didn 't seem happy and it was a sharp shrug .
tr	O	警官们都欢呼起来，并且瑞安站了起来，揉着他的手臂。
tr	I	She spied four guards posted before large glass doors at the other end , and they entered a long hallway .
tr	O	她的声音渐弱，并且她的目光从未移动。
tr	I	My mind felt wondrously clear , but I was breathing rapidly , my body carrying the weight of all this .
tr	I	He still continued , but the wind then seemed to go out of his sails slightly .
tr	I	I shivered , and he said into my ear .
tr	O	我翻了个白眼，但是我很高兴。
tr	I	The bullet went straight through , and Caroline tried to shoot Griffin .
tr	I	His hands were sweating , and his heart was pounding .
tr	I	The sparkles started appearing and he waved his hand up .
tr	O	当然，每个人都有责任，并且他并不介意那些。
tr	I	I don 't think my stomach could handle it , but I would go on .
tr	O	飞行员站在机身旁，并且他抬起了油箱旁的面板。
tr	I	This made Benedict sneer and tears fell out of my eyes .
tr	O	这是他的工作，并且他不会抱怨。
tr	O	她警惕地看着他，但是最终她的眼睑垂了下来。
tr	O	她从衣柜的衣架上取下夹克，并且他们去了兽医那里。
tr	O	已经凌晨两点了，而且她还没睡觉。
tr	I	They were alone , and she was here .
tr	I	The knight resists , instead lunging toward me , but the little jailor tries to steer his lumbering charge to the cart .
tr	I	Now he was behaving like a kid getting ready for his senior prom , and his tough-guy stoic attitude had been completely dropped .
tr	O	这是一件西瓜皇后礼服，并且当海莉长大后，她就要成为一名西瓜皇后。
tr	O	真的没什么，只是肩膀上一个毫无意义的轻微挤压，但是对杰克来说，这却意味着全世界。
tr	O	街上到处都是人，为这个周末的冰川日节张罗装饰，但是爸爸却连一个人都没有挥手致意。
tr	O	一股冲击波差点让我脸朝地摔倒，但是我还是设法继续前进。
tr	O	指挥官迈克尔·苏莱曼用阿拉伯语下达了一个突然的命令，并且卫兵们立刻走出了房间。
tr	I	I enter with Jeff behind us and Jason is already inside as Andrew .
tr	O	停车场挤满了人，并且教堂也座无虚席。
tr	I	He began trembling , even as he still wore his impassive pose , but John said politely that it had been nice to know him .
tr	I	He saw the rocket leap from the launcher and his eyes swiveled back .
tr	I	He returned her look with veiled eyes that somehow made her feel off-balance , and she stared at the middle-aged man for a silent moment .
tr	O	他回望着她，并且这一次他没有笑。
tr	I	The weight in each breast perfectly fit in my palms and the skin beneath my touch was supple .
tr	O	达伦会问丹妮是否想离开，并且她会说不。
tr	I	I already knew what to do next , but no one answered our knock .
tr	O	它们都击中了他的玻璃面罩，但是它仍然没有破裂。
tr	O	穿过云层的旅程导致他们上方气球中的气体冷却，并且他们已经下降了一千英尺。
tr	I	I 'm sick of holding everything in , Cami , but I 'm trying to be an adult about this .
tr	I	Again , the hand simply would not comply , and again he steered it toward the unfinished H .
tr	I	Then I will have Savana , and to the ends of the earth , until I find the Book .
tr	O	她希望在上面奔跑不会进一步伤害它，但是她必须继续前进。
tr	I	We kept repeating that we don 't use these titles , but people even gave us with these names .
tr	O	他什么都控制不了，然而他却要为一切负责。
tr	O	我的手因为打了最好的朋友还在抽痛，并且斯蒂克脸上的表情一直困扰着我。
tr	I	I was vaguely aware of the taste of apple , and she pushed her tongue between my teeth .
tr	I	He wished he knew what she wanted to hear , what she expected him to say , and Linc had been afraid she might ask this .
tr	O	我给了汤姆一个意味深长的眼神，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	I nearly sighed out loud from the comfort in that touch and a warm hand came up to cup my cheek .
tr	I	Deep down she didn 't want him to stop pursuing her , but Shame on her for having this strong attraction to another man .
tr	I	He seemed to understand that prancing was not allowed today , but normally , Hywel 's horse was more nervy than this .
tr	O	威尔今天下午刚倒空了他的小瓶，并且我不确定解药需要多长时间才能进入他的系统。
tr	O	他的手变成了一名飞入敌方领土的战斗机飞行员，预料着被击落，但是那从未发生。
tr	I	Every so often he would get to feeling princely , but Egg was as good a squire as a knight could want .
tr	I	I moaned and my head tilted back .
tr	O	我见过它，但是我从未去过。
tr	O	他现在独自一人，但是我怀疑他的朋友们隐匿在树林里，看不见。
tr	O	如果他们不需要微观管理会有所帮助，但是伊万说他们还没有自主权。
tr	O	他的思想很强大，并且他的内心充满激情。
tr	I	I took in a deep breath and I began to fidget in my seat .
tr	O	其中一个人猛敲门，并且我跳了起来。
tr	O	我本可以尝试阻止道格，但是我只是让开了他的路。
tr	I	Something wasn 't right , but the dream was fading .
tr	O	她不想听利亚姆接下来要说什么，然而她却忍不住问了这个问题。
tr	I	I 'm not going to fight it at all and Eve is it for me .
tr	I	I quickly wrapped my other arm around her back to steady her and she collapsed against me as I cut down the other rope .
tr	O	然而，他的安静本性很快就恢复了，并且我们开始很少见面。
tr	O	他脸红了，并且我笑了。
tr	I	His mouth go dry and he felt his cheeks grow hot .
tr	I	The women again agreed , and he asked this kindly .
tr	I	They were talking too fast for him to catch anything important , but he recognized a few words .
tr	O	他们在育儿室忙完后，珍妮弗把她带下了楼，并且他们开始布置房子准备派对。
tr	O	他开始了新生活，并且他想坚持下去。
tr	I	A gushing sound could be heard and suddenly the ground began to rumble .
tr	O	每个人都转过身来盯着我看，但是阿兰娜是唯一回应的人。
tr	I	I did it , but it was horrible .
tr	I	There never will be and there never has been .
tr	I	Neither one looked visibly nervous , but both of them were smiling .
tr	I	Everything was just like what it used to be and few days had passed .
tr	I	I fulfilled this promise and I only undertook to bring you to the brink .
tr	I	You did not treat a lady like that and this was a lady .
tr	O	他伸出了手，并且她把物品放在了他的掌心。
tr	O	鸭子们从没久留过，并且它们也从来没有在那里生过小鸭子。
tr	O	我的目光搜寻着她疲惫的双眼，并且我的心率加快了。
tr	O	他试图对我露出一个微笑，但是那个微笑很快就消失了。
tr	O	他的上唇微微卷曲，并且伊索看着他喝葡萄酒时的不由自主的反应笑了起来。
tr	O	它是绝望的，但是它是虚弱的。
tr	I	He looked forward to the day , and he would tire of her eventually .
tr	O	杰克觉得这有点奇怪，但是他没有多想这句话。
tr	O	她跳了起来，并且他屏住了呼吸，确信她会翻倒落水。
tr	I	It was killing him to watch , because he understood , and the questions were eating her up inside .
tr	I	That didn 't make any sense to her , but it was as if she already knew him on some level .
tr	O	朱莉向他挥手，并且他以一种仿佛被追赶的迅猛速度消失在体育场内。
tr	O	艾萨克问了，但是索耶摇了摇头。
tr	O	燃烧的气味充斥着我的鼻腔，并且我闻不到除了那以外的任何东西。
tr	I	At least it wasn 't on my floor , but I wasn 't thrilled about that .
tr	O	天气很冷，但是走路让他暖和起来了。
tr	I	Never in the detail she gave me , but I told her about some of the other things , of course .
tr	O	我的头发垂落到他的脸上，落入他微微张开的嘴里，但是他没有退缩。
tr	O	我以为我从收割者，从洛基手中救了洛根，但是现在，他似乎是来完成这项工作的。
tr	O	我一直盯着它，直到第一滴眼泪滴到我的腿上并完全模糊了我的视线。
tr	I	Moving away from the city into the bedrock beyond the dome , but they were at the same level as the top of the wall .
tr	I	Gina tore off down the street , and the Corvette started up with a roar , black smoke billowed out of the exhaust pipes .
tr	I	She had a look at my fingers and I held out my hand .
tr	I	Hell , maybe we even knew each other , and perhaps my mother did live beneath London 's streets with me .
tr	I	Anything that happened to them on the job wasn 't Pack business , and they could not call any attention to themselves , use any powers .
tr	O	艾什想道歉，但是那些话就是说不出来。
tr	O	我清楚地记得把她撞倒了，但是我并没有真正伤害她。
tr	O	他需要那么多血，或者他将无法在这次变化中幸存下来。
tr	O	他仍然没有摆脱邓肯的束缚，但是至少他现在能呼吸到氧气了。
tr	O	我把他拉向床边，并且他靠墙坐了下来。
tr	O	他是个好学生，最好的学生之一，但是米凯尔对他产生了不好的影响。
tr	I	I realized I was sleepy , and the warm air brushed across my bare arms .
tr	O	布罗迪下巴的肌肉跳动了一下，并且一种寒意笼罩了他的身体。
tr	O	她最喜欢的一位作家写了它，并且她品味着每一个字。
tr	O	下颚塌陷了，并且嘴巴张开了。
tr	I	I screamed between clinched teeth , and standing , he placed a foot upon my neck .
tr	O	他对我扬了扬眉毛，并且我指了指简的杯子。
tr	O	他走近时她咧嘴笑了，并且他把她拉进一个吻里。
tr	O	他抓住了她的手臂，但是她猛地甩开了。
tr	O	克莱丽没有意识到自己动了，但是突然她就不在被子下面了。
tr	I	I 'm immediately relieved to see Emily 's things still around the house , including her bedding on the couch and I let myself in .
tr	O	寒冷、清新的夜间空气涌入厨房，并且她贪婪地吸入，欢迎这严冬的馈赠。
tr	I	I stared into her eyes and I ran my fingers through her hair .
tr	O	我考虑去湖边，但是我虚弱得几乎无法到达我与盖尔的会合地点。
tr	I	I laid down and the bed looked so tempting so I walked over to it .
tr	O	我们不能留在这里，当存在他们会伤害他，或者他会伤害他们的可能性时。
tr	O	他能感觉到她的心在他身上跳动，并且他可以一整天都待在那里。
tr	I	He drew back , and he shoved his tongue so far down my throat that I gagged .
tr	O	他为她感到骄傲，然而他很困扰。
tr	O	德文夸张地眨了眨眼睛，并且我觉得这有点令人不安。
tr	I	He was nowhere in sight , and Grenville had not slept there .
tr	I	Really , the answer should be glaringly obvious , but I didn 't want to rat Bryn out .
tr	O	他尽力想听起来像被冒犯了，但是他惨遭失败。
tr	O	我的下巴抽动了一下，并且她只是盯着看。
tr	I	The rudder was free , and she jerked it loose .
tr	I	She dropped it to the plate in obvious frustration and it started shaking in her hand .
tr	I	Megan had come to terms with her grief , the same way he had , but Troy was well aware that she missed her mother .
tr	I	Esme 's fingers finally unfurled from his shirt , and they cleared the backyard .
tr	O	爱丽丝眼中怒火中烧，但是凯西不会被吓倒。
tr	I	It was nice to just talk about nothing , and we laughed a lot .
tr	I	The people surrounding him were going to help him get there , but it was going to be a close race on Election Day .
tr	O	约翰吹了口哨，并且那匹油光发亮的黑母马轻快地跑到他身边。
tr	O	雷走向床边，但是她举起了手掌。
tr	I	It was too slow , but Percival had tried fire .
tr	O	他问我问题，并且我给他含糊的回答。
tr	O	在他甚至还没有意识到之前，布莱恩特就已经来到他身边，并且他准备好攻击。
tr	I	Just after midnight , Patch crawled inside , and that night I left my window cracked .
tr	O	几分钟过去了，并且接着一个女人开了门。
tr	I	It wasn 't this , but she didn 't know what to expect from him as a lover .
tr	I	Jasmine didn 't move , but we opened the cell .
tr	I	That was his problem , but Edward might hate me .
tr	I	He was wrong , but Riley never thought he 'd appreciate the sexless thing .
tr	O	火势至今已持续两天了，并且没有人来扑灭那些火。
tr	I	It was obvious he wasn 't seeing any of it , but he kept staring down at the notes he 'd made .
tr	I	He turned away , and his cheeks went red .
tr	O	美元兑欧元跌至190，并且英镑兑美元汇率跌至每英镑3.50美元。
tr	I	I follow him , and fletch bolts inside .
tr	O	Seth 选了黑色，像往常一样，因为它先走，并且 Alyssa 只好选白色。
tr	O	送披萨女孩的名字是 Alison，并且 Heather 的脸像向日葵追逐阳光一样跟着她在房间里转。
tr	I	Her body were completely separate and it felt like her head .
tr	O	院子里的每盏灯都亮着，并且每盏灯周围都有水浸的光晕。
tr	O	我想他以为我是在为妈妈的照片哭，并且他无法应对。
tr	O	也许你喝醉了，但是你并非不情愿。
tr	I	They couldn 't see us hiding in the lower portion of one of the tombs , but we could see some of the policemen .
tr	O	他的叔叔拥有一家梅赛德斯汽车经销店，并且他负责经营它。
tr	I	Yet she didn 't even know what he looked like , and her eyes were filled with so much emotion .
tr	O	他在消失下坡前喊了回去，并且琼斯把巡洋舰开上了通往镇子的路。
tr	O	尽管 Braydon 可能告诉了她一些事，他可能认为那只是关于和 Lucky 的性事，并且 Angelique 不会介意。
tr	I	She was too nervous to look , but she heard Austen 's footsteps as he approached .
tr	I	I have yet to find its equal anywhere in the world , and I liked it very much as a young man .
tr	I	Any other damn questions could just wait their turn and the question of his son 's parentage had been answered .
tr	I	Willow 's face disappeared and the screen flickered .
tr	I	She was unable to force herself to wake , yet she knew she was dreaming .
tr	I	Luther couldn 't distinguish them , but all the voices were familiar .
tr	O	其他人慢慢跟在他后面，并且宙斯把他们聚集到一面墙边。
tr	I	Alessandra buzzed through , reminding him that he had a meeting in two minutes , but Helen started to say something .
tr	O	我不知道，并且我不在乎。
tr	O	当他的真实形态模糊地出现在原位时，他正以绝对的恐惧盯着我，并且他继续发出那种吱吱声。
tr	O	人们曾住在这里，并且现在他们不住了。
tr	O	那是忙碌的一天，并且还没有结束。
tr	I	I brushed them against his sac , and my fingers stroked through the curls of his sex .
tr	O	这些不会是我的首选同伴，但是仍然比独自进去好。
tr	I	He heard that voice , but he nearly told her so .
tr	O	那是甜的烹饪雪利酒，但是他像喝柠檬水一样把它喝了下去。
tr	O	妈妈深吸了几口气，并且我知道有大事要发生。
tr	O	他本可以带一支军队，但是他知道那只会造成不必要的死亡。
tr	O	他们都十六岁，高中三年级学生，并且他们正在去对抗恶魔的路上。
tr	I	The words were out there in the night air , porch light illuminating her shock , but more truth than he wanted to admit to himself .
tr	O	我在漂浮，坠落，并且有什么东西把我拉走了。
tr	O	他吸气是瞬间的，并且他的手放在了她的腰上。
tr	O	到目前为止，我们有一个孩子差点被杀，另一个失踪了。
tr	O	他有足够强大的个性来应对他们俩，并且他似乎能无缝地接住他们的话题。
tr	O	嗯，也许杰森看到了，但是我没有。
tr	I	He 's grateful and he understands .
tr	I	I recognized his voice easily enough , but I didn 't open my eyes from behind my dark shades .
tr	I	The dazed look was leaving her , being replaced by an expression I didn 't like any better , and I glanced at her .
tr	O	我想我可以在不引起任何怀疑的情况下这样做，并且我知道他会告诉我真相。
tr	I	Her eyes widened and her arms flailed .
tr	O	他在我看来有部分高加索人血统，部分美洲原住民血统，长着深金色头发，但是我从未问过。
tr	I	He doesn 't care , but they both have morning breath .
tr	I	Her computer monitor dark and her station was empty .
tr	I	She fought the dynamic vitality Ryan exuded and Kelly recalled her erotic dream earlier that morning .
tr	I	They were like family to her , but the boys annoyed her at times .
tr	O	我听到的一些流言让我热泪盈眶，并且我确信是斯诺在散布这些流言。
tr	I	She won 't accept it , but I 've told her !
tr	I	I turn , following the path of his painted eyes , and Painted Elder peers out from the hall at his enclosed kingdom .
tr	O	我抬头看向她的眼睛，并且它们愉悦地对我闪烁着光芒。
tr	I	It wasn 't allowed , but of course , I would have preferred to eat all three of them .
tr	I	No one was there , but Jolene would have sworn she heard the words .
tr	O	他一言不发，但是他也没有转身离开。
tr	O	莱西不会确切地说这是一场爱之盛宴，但是公开的敌意似乎已经消退了一些。
tr	O	一声巨响响起，并且地板开始在我们身后消失。
tr	O	空气颤抖了一下，然后静止了，但是咒语没有崩溃。
tr	I	They , too , laughed at her words and the strongest of his men surrounded him in a half circle .
tr	O	他抬头看向黑暗，并且另一滴水落在了他的脸上。
tr	O	我的平板电脑激活了读卡器，并且大门打开了。
tr	O	安娜为我打开了门，并且我们坐进了一个雅座。
tr	O	那个女人的声音刻意压低了，但是他仍能听到其中的激情。
tr	O	此后他们多次见面，但是他们再也没有讨论过那个话题。
tr	O	他意识到他应该闭嘴，但是他的嘴巴却还在说。
tr	O	卫兵未经授权不会让任何人进入城墙内，并且她当时有更重要的事情要担心。
tr	O	我不认为这是个好主意，但是不知为何我还是做了。
tr	I	I don 't believe it , but they keep saying that Hitler wants peace .
tr	O	体育锻炼仍然不是她最喜欢的事情之一，但是她一直在努力适应我们的新世界。
tr	I	They felt like they each weighed a ton , but Echo continued to hold her daggers above her .
tr	I	If he was really lucky , some laughter , or A smile , maybe .
tr	I	I jerked my head up , banging it against the wall again , and my eyes flew open .
tr	O	那么其他初创企业就可以占据这块空地，并且这个循环又会重新开始。
tr	I	They started eating , and he gave her back her burger .
tr	O	当我完成时，我又站在镜子前，并且我能看到我纹身的边缘，无畏之火。
tr	I	I feel an inherent need to protect her and she is vulnerable in sleep .
tr	I	I hoped that Mase had really thought about that thoroughly , but I wasn 't sure what Andi 's addiction problems were .
tr	O	这不重要，但是赛斯正向北走。
tr	O	我在取笑她，她也知道，正如我也知道我最近看起来不错。
tr	O	小小的手臂环住他的脖子，并且他发誓没有人能带走他的儿子。
tr	O	我不信任詹姆斯，并且我害怕他只是在给她希望。
tr	O	他把她逼到墙角，并且她真的不喜欢。
tr	I	The skin around it horribly burned , and his head had been kicked in .
tr	I	His muscles bulged in a way that Neil eyed enviously , and one arm clasped the top of the long shaft .
tr	O	突然间，电梯门开了，并且一名士兵走进房间，打破了魔咒。
tr	O	我试图移开视线，但是 我做不到。
tr	O	是的，我可能会让它沾满鲜血，但是 我之后会为她清理干净。
tr	I	The place could explode around them and Kenneth could lead her straight to the bomb site .
tr	I	It felt as though at least two ribs were broken and he was fighting for breath .
tr	O	他已经明白人活在世上只是为了索取，但是 他没有足够的心理素质成功做到这一点。
tr	I	Jeff unzipped his pants , and I dipped my middle finger between my labia .
tr	O	我知道我需要做什么，并且 昆恩最终会明白这一点。
tr	O	那句话让她转过头来，并且 她看着卡勒姆的眼睛，想知道他在想什么。
tr	I	I felt him begin to thrust against me , and he let his hands go to my hips .
tr	I	Now she was frightened and Carl had cut her off from contact with the outside world .
tr	I	It stared back at me and I stared at the burlap walking corpse .
tr	O	我感到我的下唇颤抖，并且 我把脸埋在手里。
tr	O	它在我们打猎时真的很有帮助，但是 除此之外它是个大麻烦。
tr	O	我想告诉你，我一踏入界域之中就听到了，转身，并且 她就在那里。
tr	O	女人与他搏斗，但是她没看到另一个人拿着砍刀从后面过来。
tr	O	我的另一只手臂被强行拉出，并且同样的事情又做了一遍。
tr	I	The billing cycle is already over , and you haven 't done one .
tr	I	He was now a country gentleman and it was a nice summer day .
tr	I	The rest are making their way through the door , and most of the people in the gallery are gone .
tr	I	She wanted to possess him , be possessed by him , and he was her man , at least for right now .
tr	I	Vane didn 't care , but the weight of the brown wolf was excruciating .
tr	I	Donovan burned with the need for revenge , and he was asking a hell of a lot .
tr	O	伦敦仿佛被分成了两半，而且所有的工作都在这一部分完成。
tr	I	Everyone finally has their attention off of me and Fox looks around the table .
tr	I	I held onto it as if it were about to be chopped off and my hands flew to my throat .
tr	I	Again , they fell silent , and the girl 's smile returned .
tr	I	I was , but there was no reason in the world I should be so distracted .
tr	O	有过几次上诉，但是都像往常一样失败了。
tr	I	He flew backward ten feet in the air and they popped with a satisfying crack .
tr	I	Leah hesitated , but they tried again to hit all three buttons at the same time .
tr	O	我想介入，但是谈话似乎进行得很顺利。
tr	I	His eyes followed her every movement and Sara reached to adjust her hair .
tr	O	飞船降落后一片寂静，并且我想知道他们是否朝着完全不同的方向去了。
tr	O	艾比的心率加倍了，并且她希望他感觉不到。
tr	I	The two of them smile and he nods his head .
tr	I	Johanna can 't hold her hands steady enough to fit the parts together , but I manage it .
tr	O	他眼中闪烁着好奇的光芒，而且汉娜能看出他正在考虑同意。
tr	O	她最近接手了大量案件，但是这一件，这一件很特别。
tr	O	听到他严厉的话语，她的脊背僵硬了，但是她压制住了怒火，知道这对她的论点毫无帮助。
tr	O	时机已逝，而且我的哥哥已经介入了。
tr	I	We ought to take her seriously , and she does have some kind of an inside track on this Sir .
tr	I	At the moment I was too pissed off to care , but I wouldn 't be surprised if my ass was hanging out .
tr	O	有些事情困扰着他，并且是时候把这件事说清楚了。
tr	I	I wanted more , but now I had a full blown fire .
tr	I	You 're no longer alone , and you 're strong , Skyler .
tr	O	房间里的空气很冰冷，并且她感到一阵颤抖袭遍全身。
tr	I	I kissed him softly as low groans he made quickened my own breath , and his steady rhythm started increasing , along with his breath .
tr	I	I shoved the line cook , causing him to pitch forward and something inside me snapped .
tr	I	She 'll be alone on Christmas , and she 's in a nursing home .
tr	O	他的眼中充满怒火，但是困惑也随之而来。
tr	O	我会尽量小心，但是我怀疑我是否处于任何危险中。
tr	O	我在很多方面都没有天赋，但是我擅长操作缝纫机。
tr	O	一旦他开始，他的注意力就集中起来了，而且他直到会议结束时给出指示才开口说话。
tr	I	It wouldn 't take long for them to reach their limits but White cloths soaked up as much liquid as they could hold .
tr	O	厚板百叶窗被升起了，并且涤纶孔眼窗帘将日落最后的光线斑驳地洒在雪尼尔床罩上。
tr	I	His presence seemed to shrink the size of the chamber , and he was so handsome .
tr	I	They start shooting at each other and two guys in cars with no insurance have a fender bender .
tr	O	他不是人类，但是为什么那似乎对她不重要呢？
tr	O	我终于把嘴从水里伸出来了，而且我深吸了一口气。
tr	O	她尝试了几种语言，而且他还没有回应。
tr	I	Brianna came charging out of the house at that moment , but he opened his mouth to make some sort of retort .
tr	I	My voice was already shaking with the first throes and a quiet storm was building up in my chest .
tr	O	伊娃的话语吸引了我的注意力，而且我转过身去专注于她。
tr	I	We hadn 't stopped kissing since shutting her bedroom door , and I 'd snuck up into Liza 's room .
tr	O	他们坐进了车里，而且它飞驰着驶向航站楼。
tr	I	I don 't feel like thinking and now I have time to think .
tr	O	我的外套在云雀下面，并且我的背包在她旁边。
tr	O	手从她身上离开了，并且她再次开始走向他。
tr	I	He touches the bare skin of my waist , and his fingers find the bottom of the towel .
tr	O	我为发生在你身上的事感到抱歉，但是布莱恩真的喜欢你。
tr	I	Nothing would come out , but Zane tried to speak .
tr	O	她松开了他，并且他向后踉跄了一下。
tr	O	我绕到桌子前面，并且就在那时一件可怕的东西映入我眼帘。
tr	O	他的围裙上溅着一些黄色的东西，并且他看起来有点醉了。
tr	I	I 'd be humiliated , and you 'd be disappointed .
tr	O	她的头发现在灰白了，但是她的眼睛却非常睿智。
tr	I	We are still a few houses down , but I look back up at the party .
tr	I	We made it work , but it hadn 't been easy .
tr	O	他把她送到浴室门口，并且她回了他一个怒视，告诉他她会从这里接手。
tr	O	你在三周前说过，没有多少人我可以做自己，并且你就是其中之一。
tr	O	他回头看了一眼，并且她立刻就明白了他的意思。
tr	I	For some reason this morning , Megan craved company , wanted to talk to someone real , but usually this would be cause for celebration .
tr	I	Since that day Captain Rob had stayed the master of the Sea Dancer , and the French had escaped .
tr	O	我戴着手铐的双手让我无法自救，并且我带着沉闷的噗通声跌落在紫色地毯上。
tr	I	It wasn 't , but they called it acceptance .
tr	O	杰西没走多远，只走到一半，并且她从未将目光从那片火海中移开。
tr	O	她的目光转向霍利迪的脖子，并且她想起了那个灵魂愤怒的瘀伤。
tr	O	有些笔记本可以追溯到八十年代，并且有一本标记着2011年4月，那是他失踪的时候。
tr	O	他们所有人都把注意力转向了我们，并且我当时就知道我力不从心了。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我拿着它感到内疚。
tr	I	I didn 't have a choice , but I didn 't want to go .
tr	O	某个地方有狗叫了一声，并且另一只也跟着叫了起来。
tr	O	我只看到他一秒钟，但是他的毛发在月光下看起来是银色的。
tr	O	我与詹姆斯交换了一个眼神，并且他给了我一个细微的点头。
tr	I	The band started the Warrior fight song again and Matt yelled .
tr	I	Unlike me , Josie would recover , but it would be hard for her .
tr	I	It didn 't reach the floor , but it didn 't stop coming .
tr	O	那是一个疯狂的计划，并且狐狸后来表示，正是把那首赞美诗教给我们这些野蛮人，才让他最后一根红头发也变灰了。
tr	I	She tried to hold back tears and Josie 's lips trembled .
tr	I	I hated myself for it , and she was right .
tr	I	I welcomed the chance to avoid the meeting , but Louisa would be annoyed when I sent my regrets .
tr	O	他的手臂支撑着汉娜，并且当她抬头看他，担心他可能受伤时，他用手托住了她的下巴。
tr	I	I ignored it , but my stomach growled with hunger .
tr	O	她心里明白杀死哈维是正确的做法，但是警方可能不会那么看。
tr	I	There were neon signs , advertisements for different brands of beer , glowing in front of them and the windows were covered from inside .
tr	O	家人就是家人，并且你在格雷科酒店入住期间无需支付任何费用。
tr	I	He didn 't move , but she knew he was aware of her approach .
tr	O	他也爱我，并且我不想让他因为对珍妮丝的感情而感到内疚。
tr	I	That hadn 't worked , and she 'd tried avoidance .
tr	I	When she did , it was heart-wrenching , and Lily rarely showed vulnerabilities .
tr	I	I was fairly certain I was right , but the writing was so tiny that part was pretty difficult to see .
tr	I	I removed my hand from her mouth , and her screams cut off abruptly .
tr	O	他们庄严地向我鞠躬，并且他们走进了大门。
tr	I	I have to admit , talking with these girls is pretty cool , but I love writing in my journal .
tr	I	Dean started picking up speed and we came closer to it .
tr	O	你对见我父母感到紧张，但是你也因为我紧张而紧张，所以你假装自己不紧张。
tr	I	I made the mistake of looking directly at him , and he turned .
tr	I	Haworth became concerned and another moment passed .
tr	I	Everyone whipped around , and a crack sounded behind them .
tr	O	他的心跳漏了一拍，但是他必须继续。
tr	I	It would have given him a chance , a warning , but there would have been a great deal of throat clearing I 'm sure .
tr	I	Me together and there were no pictures of Blake .
tr	O	我开始恐慌，寻找埃里克，但是我看不到他。
tr	I	They won 't exist and you 'll ignore them .
tr	I	She really couldn 't tell how long she had actually been there , but she had been in the interview room for a number of hours .
tr	I	Her hands were so warm in mine and I could feel it wash over me .
tr	I	He didn 't argue , but he hadn 't come here for that .
tr	I	She 'd crack a smile and eventually they would stop fighting .
tr	I	She didn 't pay attention but he continued to tell Victoria .
tr	I	James groans , trying to grab it from my hand when I take it out , and my phone rings from my back pocket .
tr	O	我用霰弹枪又补了几枪，很高兴有机会用那该死的东西，并且我们走上了楼梯。
tr	I	I ran and the urge to sprint came suddenly .
tr	I	I know what I need to know and I did a background check on you .
tr	O	亲爱的灰姑娘，我在这里了，并且我们很快就能重逢了。
tr	I	There were still problems but the two of them had gotten to the point where they could tackle the water in the middle of a course .
tr	I	There was no need to take her with him , but maybe he was self-destructing .
tr	I	Above them a rack of medical uniforms is suspended , and a mountainous pile of towels sits beside cardboard boxes .
tr	I	Her face is scrubbed free of makeup and her hair is pulled into a high ponytail .
tr	O	我有很多作业要做，但是我无法专注于任何一项。
tr	O	有时候我不是一个很好的人，而且我似乎也没有变得更好。
tr	I	It makes me angry and my voice sounds hopeful .
tr	O	我坐到驾驶座上，并且迪翁坐进了前排乘客座。
tr	O	怒火闪过诺亚的脸，并且他发起了攻击。
tr	O	斯凯勒不会被暴露，并且保险箱将保持密封。
tr	O	“兴奋”似乎是错误的用词，但是你明白我的意思。
tr	O	抓住我的人因吸收的电压而咒骂，但是我无法用全力击打他。
tr	I	It had the ring of truth , and Kyle considered what Alex had said .
tr	O	那是我感受过的最糟糕的疼痛，并且我知道观众听到了。
tr	O	他脸上露出了笑容，并且我能看出他很高兴。
tr	O	他不知道自己踩到了什么蔬菜，但是他对此并不担心。
tr	I	She was sorry she 'd ever brought me , and even when Angela shot me a scathing look like I was a big fat dork .
tr	I	I expect you 're fine , but it 's possible that a whack like that could cause a concussion .
tr	O	我完全迷恋他的朋友罗比，但是他似乎对我不感兴趣。
tr	I	I cannot think of them , but there are more words to say .
tr	I	He had to think about where he was going to sleep tonight , and there might be something left in the wagon that he could use .
tr	O	一周过去了，并且花瓶装满了。
tr	O	当然，这正是她开始怀疑的，但是她的怀疑得到证实却带来了一些麻烦。
tr	O	我的心与那声音搏斗着，并且我发誓那声音与我的脚步声一同在隧道中回响。
tr	I	Yet there was something about him , something that made her think she had seen him before and he wasn 't especially good looking .
tr	O	一定数量的无辜者可能会受到影响，但是总的来说，大多数人都会被置之不理。
tr	I	She stole a guilty glance at Pierce and Celine 's breath caught in her throat .
tr	O	他看着卡西迪，并且她看到格雷时眼睛发亮的样子。
tr	I	I crashed backward into the row of lockers , and the heel of my boot caught on the edge of a broken locker door .
tr	O	我承认这一点时感到脆弱，并且我没有预料到被拒绝会带来多大的伤害。
tr	I	They didn 't but Chloe wished his smiles would make him less daunting .
tr	I	They spoke in Greek , and they raised their voices .
tr	I	She had never actually let herself believe it could happen , but okay , maybe she had dreamed about this kind of experience , she thought .
tr	I	She grew tired of the crazy dreams , but she was not a morning person .
tr	O	他的一只手轻轻抚摸着我的头发，并且我抬头看着他。
tr	O	科拉从其他各种纪念碑中漫步而出，并且他们相视一笑。
tr	O	我试着找他，但是我一直没能找到。
tr	I	Boy 412 followed her , not wanting to leave her alone , and Jenna carried on , unaware of anything .
tr	I	She had to try , yet riding down the other side of the hill , Rema knew it would be difficult evading the soldiers .
tr	O	她张开嘴否认，但是接着她的思绪开始运作了。
tr	I	Somehow , they weren 't even trying , but Rigo would have sent them on their way .
tr	O	我很不乐意和那个小讨厌鬼待在一起，但是我想也只能是她了。
tr	O	雪落在我们身上，并且我用手拂过我的头发。
tr	I	The sharp jab scarcely registered in her muddled brain , but the light-headedness rocked her back until her hip struck the desk .
tr	I	I must be honest now but I have treated you badly .
tr	I	I could still taste her on my lips , but she pulled back .
tr	I	He saw no benefit in making it worse and Eve was going through a trial by fire .
tr	O	他的话让她停顿了一下，但是她强迫自己继续。
tr	O	我们走到厨房，并且我拿到了我答应好的那杯水。
tr	I	The roofers will be working passed that , and they leave at five anyway .
tr	O	他将她抬高了一些，并且他滑入她的体内，她湿滑的深处欢迎着他。
tr	O	去拿些吃的，并且我会告诉你详细情况。
tr	I	I 'll never forget it but the night started off no different from any other night .
tr	I	She still didn 't like thinking about it at all , but she supposed it was part of his lovely escape plan .
tr	I	I knew what he was implying , and the guy 's voice was light .
tr	I	Lights twinkled in every home , and the roofs were still snow-covered .
tr	O	奎因把牵引绳系在笼头环上，并且我努力抑制住奔跑的冲动。
tr	I	I don 't want to wait in the dark , but I could drop my light to get their attention if the rope doesn 't do it .
tr	I	He 'd committed himself to more , but he didn 't do relationships either .
tr	I	She didn 't feel it but ----- The night had been cold .
tr	O	我们之间刚刚发生了什么，并且我无法完全表达出来。
tr	O	露西在我们身后笑了，但是我知道这困扰着她。
tr	I	The shirt he wore hung loosely off his frame , and the cuffs of his pants came to his ankles .
tr	O	伊莱娜试图坐起来，但是她的头感觉像一个熟透的、随时会裂开的甜瓜。
tr	O	这是一项简单的任务，并且她能够胜任。
tr	I	It motivated me even more than before and it was an exciting prospect .
tr	O	我回到了车里，并且我们回到了路上。
tr	I	Dad clenched his fists again , and they glared at each other .
tr	O	他现在想念她，但是他知道她是正确的。
tr	I	He has no right to be angry about what he just overheard and it 's Cooper 's fault that we aren 't together anyway .
tr	O	她可能是他的妻子，但是她永远不会好对付。
tr	I	The walls of the chamber were shrinking , threatening to suffocate her , but she tried to pretend , to recapture the intensity of her desire .
tr	O	我当时没想过这件事，但是你本该和我一起去渥太华的。
tr	O	贾斯珀走到他们中间，并且那三只狼人做好了准备。
tr	I	His mouth dropped open , matching my own and he stopped short when he saw me .
tr	I	Josh hadn 't made a single suggestive comment about the double bed that formed the bottom of the bunk and they had booked another twin room .
tr	I	There was nothing to be afraid of and Kelly said snakes were just another of God 's creatures .
tr	I	She wasn 't there but I called for her .
tr	I	Her dimple didn 't appear , but a ghost of a smile curved her pale lips .
tr	I	I 'm not prepared for his answer , but his lips finally part .
tr	I	I knew it , and I did nothing .
tr	O	那份控制权不属于他，并且我已经选择把它夺回来。
tr	O	我只需要熬过那一天，并且我就会没事的。
tr	I	They 're out drinking every night or they don 't hold down jobs .
tr	O	我把手轻触她脸颊的柔和轮廓，而且我的全身都在呻吟。
tr	O	里斯在下一条街左转了，但是科尔顿继续走向公寓楼。
tr	I	What a pleasant memory it was , and I searched my memory .
tr	I	She blinked again and he queried hopefully .
tr	O	我感到他的嘴唇擦过我的额头，并且他就消失了。
tr	I	He put his hand on her back , and she didn 't seem to be listening .
tr	I	We 'd have to keep playing this game with others , and there was also a chance that this guard didn 't know her location .
tr	I	She grabs me around the waist and Adria 's feet touch the ground .
tr	I	He started snorting quiet laughter , too , and his eyes wrinkled at the corners .
tr	I	His face contorted in concern and Connor shifted uncomfortably .
tr	I	There 's no reason to avoid going straight for the jugular , and everyone knows the issues in this trial .
tr	O	那声尖叫是纯粹的恐惧，并且很快就有其他声音加入了。
tr	I	He had obviously found her again , but I had lost track of her .
tr	O	他走到我的房间时伸出手来牵我的手，并且他的手指与我的交织在一起。
tr	O	她惊恐地凝视着他的眼睛，然而她却必须知道真相。
tr	O	我转动了钥匙，并且它就启动了。
tr	O	我想吻他，比我愿意承认的次数多得多，并且这很愚蠢，因为我才刚认识他。
tr	O	他没有技术诀窍，并且即使有，也显得太懦弱了。
tr	I	Suddenly she pulled away from him , but it took her a moment .
tr	O	这年轻人已经在农场待了八个月，并且罗西已经对他颇有好感。
tr	O	她的一部分为萨姆感到难过，但是另一部分却生她的气。
tr	I	James was afraid that when Olivia looked around everything would be wrong , but they tried to make it look like they had never been there .
tr	O	我不是任何人的女儿，并且无论他们多么爱我，亲生父母抛弃我的事实都让我心痛。
tr	I	It lit my way , and I clicked on the button .
tr	O	教练们离开了，并且球员们交谈了。
tr	O	我们上方的棕榈树在微风中剧烈摇晃，并且我的脚很痛，这两件事本不该同时发生。
tr	O	汤姆听到身后有响动，并且他转身看到了几个人。
tr	I	She dropped into a low stance , and I nodded at Zeal .
tr	I	I batted it back , but again that stupid blush crept up .
tr	O	站在车外，他已经部分湿透了，并且像其他当地人一样，他似乎并不在意。
tr	O	其他人鱼贯而出到走廊与我汇合，并且很快我们就在迷宫中穿行了。
tr	O	然后一个医生走了进来，并且朱利安在他用手电筒照他瞳孔时，从沉重的眼睑下看着他。
tr	I	Somewhere along the way it happened , but she never should have .
tr	I	We keep doing what must be done and we keep thinking .
tr	O	他在这里长大，但是他的童年回忆并非最好。
tr	I	Held onto her , our fingers interlaced , desperate for answers , in whatever form they came , but I began to shiver .
tr	O	的确，所有罪犯都有动机，但是这些动机可能不理性。
tr	O	我不是在寻找好时光，并且我当然也不是在寻找一段感情。
tr	O	西比尔的身体猛地一颤，并且她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	O	他们想要一个替罪羊，并且现在他们有了一个。
tr	I	At the same time he knew , but he did not know for certain what he had .
tr	O	她犹豫了仅仅一秒钟，但是随后门把她向前推去。
tr	I	I couldn 't see a thing but I tiredly blinked open my eyes .
tr	O	气垫船的翼门自动打开，并且我的父亲走了过来，微笑着。
tr	O	他尖叫起来，并且她扇了他一耳光。
tr	O	绳索已被拉好，并且河流正在被疏浚。
tr	O	山姆的侧面又插着一把匕首，并且我能看出他开始感到疼痛了。
tr	I	His heart jerked in his chest and the air passing through his muscles chilled .
tr	O	我必须使出绝招，并且幸运的是霍莉是个糟糕的厨师。
tr	O	她想再次向迈克提起这个话题，但是她不愿意主动。
tr	I	His vision narrowed , and Adrenaline coursed through Jack 's veins .
tr	O	她母亲的礼服被改动过，但是紧身胸衣仍然太紧。
tr	O	他放开了她的头发，并且她想如释重负地哭出来。
tr	I	He could determine his future but he couldn 't change his past .
tr	I	He will be heading east to Goliad in search of volunteers , but here is the thing - Captain Seguin could do this job .
tr	I	I didn 't have a choice this time , but ordinarily I would avoid performing this much magic .
tr	O	他的目光逐一扫过我们五个人，但是我相当确定它在我身上停留了。
tr	I	I knew I 'd get no more from him and he smirked at me .
tr	O	他转身看着她，但是她不肯对视。
tr	I	She hadn 't thought it would actually happen , but some nights she 'd dreamed of finding hers , yes .
tr	I	Chaim was sleeping beside the fire , and he was in a position where he could not be seen by Rayford himself .
tr	O	他们都尽力忍住不作呕，但是厌恶之情仍然显露在他们的脸上。
tr	O	我们一直都在吵架，但是她实际上从未恨过我。
tr	I	I didn 't know what else to do , but I didn 't .
tr	I	He was restless , almost as if he knew something that we didn 't and I sat down beside him .
tr	O	他不知道自己还能忍受她多少次侵扰，并且他肯定不希望她把凯利吓跑。
tr	O	她在开玩笑，但是他不喜欢幽默。
tr	I	He glanced sideways at Zane and a smile spread across Ty 's face .
tr	O	我知道尼古拉斯说他们发现他时就是那样，但是这可能是因为他们不记得了。
tr	I	Belinda would be seated to his right , and he 'd instructed that he 'd take his usual seat at the head of the table .
tr	I	Andrew didn 't tune it out like he had in the past , but the pastor preached a sermon that was similar to the Bible study .
tr	O	突然灯笼又开始发光了，并且丽莎呼出了一口气。
tr	I	He got up to start the boat 's engines and we finished eating in silence .
tr	O	我认为那一点也帮不了我们，但是我什么也没说。
tr	I	He 'd answered and she 'd asked .
tr	I	Lottie had the right idea , but I hated to admit it .
tr	O	它闻起来很奇怪，几乎有点熟悉，但是我却说不出那是什么气味。
tr	O	他还没有痊愈，并且他非常危险。
tr	O	我以为我们在地下，但是我发现了一个窗户，所以我们不可能在地下。
tr	I	He turned to see Archer , the footman , standing in the doorway , and a knock on the door broke him out of his reverie .
tr	O	他开始整理他长凳后面的纸质文件，并且寂静震耳欲聋。
tr	I	Though she couldn 't understand the words , she could fully understand the mood they were conveying , and the music was touching on many levels .
tr	I	He could feel sadness radiating out from her with every single movement , but she wasn 't crying .
tr	O	她是艾吉的缓刑监督官，并且他们已经有关系了。
tr	I	Dallas holds up her hand for me to wait , but I 'm not sure which question to ask first .
tr	O	你是个努力工作的人，并且你照顾我的风暴。
tr	I	In a matter of two minutes , you 've made me laugh , and you have a figure to die for .
tr	O	这听起来还是很蹩脚，并且我们俩都知道。
tr	I	He 's thinking of going back to that , and you know he was a park ranger .
tr	O	它慢慢地将其中一根触手插入布雷泽的胸部，并且他的尖叫声让我回想起所有的噩梦。
tr	I	He is still cautious and I told him yesterday .
tr	I	She was impressed but Jasmine hated to admit it .
tr	I	She wanted more ... but the kissing had been delicious .
tr	O	他在约会问题上赢了，并且进展顺利。
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她的嘴巴干了。
tr	O	女服务员端来了汉堡，并且他对着她笑了。
tr	O	他们习惯于听从命令，并且他们想要一个像佐伊那样的绝对领导者。
tr	O	他们开车到了达美航空航站楼，并且达格下车去帮J.R.拿行李。
tr	I	The mamas would come after them and he used to get into trouble when he was small , pinching cubs .
tr	I	Courtney felt it was vital that Annie understand what she was saying , but she rarely talked about the accident , rarely mentioned it to anyone .
tr	O	利亚姆转身迎接新人，但是他的笑容僵在了脸上。
tr	I	It 's getting a bit tight over there , but things are going really well .
tr	I	Still every small bump jolted her head , but the black boat moved like oiled silk over the choppy waves .
tr	O	亲爱的戴维，我很抱歉，但是事情不会按照我们计划的方式发生。
tr	O	多利安没有料到这一点，并且布恩大师以惊人的速度向他飞扑过来。
tr	I	I imagine the timer on the bomb ticking forward as well , and the clock above the stove seems to be moving at record speed .
tr	O	她父亲不是很配合，但是最终她会知道答案。
tr	I	Kellan noticed what had my attention and I sighed .
tr	I	We kept driving and jj climbed into the back seat .
tr	I	You 're not , but well you are .
tr	I	His eyes were not , but his voice was wooden .
tr	I	It 's taking a lot longer than usual , but I keep running in hopes that I 'll get to that point .
tr	I	I could see Chip getting nervous and it was going from bad to worse .
tr	I	Her eyes lit up and she glanced toward the door .
tr	O	我的手滑过他的胸膛，并且我希望我拥有某种能让衣服消失的阿波罗尼亚力量。
tr	O	我看着坎迪是如何为排练做的，但是我显然没有那么仔细地注意。
tr	I	Steam erupted where it landed with a blast and it sizzled .
tr	I	The cheerful sound made the black , murderous rage beat in my heart once more , and Dixon started whistling .
tr	O	我母亲手里仍然拿着她的枪，并且在帮助下，她找到了站起来的力量。
tr	I	The wind whips the ladder from side to side , and Kent has the ship just above tree level .
tr	I	I couldn 't fault anyone for it , but I find that happening a lot more than I like .
tr	O	驾驶员的车窗滑下一半，并且他长时间地看着雷。
tr	O	我脖子上又感到一阵灼烧，并且我用力撕扯衣领，以至于把一个指甲撕掉了。
tr	O	她盯着他的嘴，并且她的嘴唇分开，仿佛在回忆他的吻。
tr	O	我不得不承认这能让狗仔队不再纠缠他，但是只是有一个小小的障碍。
tr	O	他们永远不会问，而且我永远不会说。
tr	I	He rolled just enough to pin her , but she tried to shift away from him .
tr	O	格蕾特一生中见过一些手电筒，但是她上次拿着一个还能用的手电筒是在她十二岁生日那天。
tr	I	Nathan sits down and we place a folding chair there .
tr	I	The pointed shelled head revealed itself to be her white cap and eventually the crab 's claws metamorphosed into a nurse 's arms .
tr	I	He rushed about his business but he didn 't say another word .
tr	O	愿上帝怜悯她，但是她想成为那个女人。
tr	I	I 'll be Tasha again , and soon Natasha will be dead .
tr	I	Her breaths tightened and her heart strummed .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to die on me , and there wasn 't anything poisoning his brain .
tr	I	That was when he lost it , and men were suddenly holding him back .
tr	O	她走向他，并且他可以发誓他看到一丝顽皮的光芒在她眼中闪烁。
tr	I	You might find out and maybe you should just continue reading .
tr	O	我走到其中一个恶魔的尸体旁边，并且用我的剑，割下了它的一些衣物。
tr	I	After a moment , he grinned , but he didn 't explain any more .
tr	O	我不知道这是否是毒品的作用，但是既然它是局部麻醉，它应该不会影响我的精神状态。
tr	O	马车在他身下摇晃，并且他紧闭双眼。
tr	O	阿尔玛看到了战斗的结局即将来临，并且她跳了起来。
tr	I	I was trying to save him , and Jack was trying to save me .
tr	O	我甚至无法抬手阻止他，并且他深深地陷入了我的脖颈。
tr	O	倒不是我有多老，但是我肯定不幼稚！
tr	I	They made their way backstage and the lights went dark again .
tr	I	Their hands conversed with each other in the familiar language of lovers , but neither of them spoke for a while .
tr	I	Her feet refused to obey her command to run , but Echo mentally forced herself to breath .
tr	O	我爸爸给了我一个严厉的眼神，并且我知道我真的有麻烦了。
tr	O	他很聪明，并且他有人脉。
tr	I	He would protect her and Paul had a gun .
tr	O	我仍然需要一个水库，而且他们可能选了设施里最干燥的地方。
tr	I	The lock sprang open , and tumblers clicked into place .
tr	O	众人之心大喊着，但是陌生人却无法开口回答。
tr	O	我希望你明白我，以及通过我所代表的每一位俱乐部成员，在你被允许研究这些记录一事上所寄予的信任。
tr	I	I wrapped my pinky around it and she held her pinky out in the space between us .
tr	O	他的肩膀撞到了对面笼子的栏杆，并且疼痛像热刀一样划过他的皮肤。
tr	I	It didn 't budge , but a loud thud sounded as I collided with the door .
tr	O	仿佛这个想法是一种召唤咒语，门猛地打开了，并且一个女人探头往房间里看。
tr	O	我倒抽一口气，抓住自己的肩膀，并且找回了我的声音。
tr	O	他的眼睛笼罩在阴影中，背对着火光，但是她能看到他咬紧牙关。
tr	O	这些都是最合乎逻辑的答案，但是许多阴谋论者认为格雷州长被绑架了。
tr	O	波波的笑容已大幅减弱，并且他的眼睛在丹尼斯脸上游移。
tr	I	Harried would fit in perfectly with my persona and me appearing panicked .
tr	I	When she was about to continue walking home , a thought crept into her mind and Luna shrugged .
tr	O	他坚持要开车，但是他根本就不行。
tr	I	He felt Kelly 's accusations were unfair , and Mike felt attacked .
tr	I	Then she was gone , and she was your legacy .
tr	O	只需再迈一小步，并且我就会在悬崖底下了。
tr	O	炉子里的火很小，并且他脸上的空气很冷。
tr	I	I didn 't want anyone to know about it and I wasn 't sure our mind link was strong enough yet to withstand stress .
tr	O	我试图说谢谢，但是我却无法组织语言。
tr	O	我知道他一直在追逐我，向我伸出手，并且我却在每个转弯处都逃离了他。
tr	O	鲜血喷涌而出，并且莫德雷德扭身，爬向山顶。
tr	I	She knew she wouldn 't be waking him now and Alex normally worked at home until midnight .
tr	I	That hadn 't changed and his son , Brandon , had always been a supporter of Anne Marie 's .
tr	I	I 'll make it through this , and I made it through that .
tr	I	The music didn 't stop but he pressed the button once .
tr	O	他摇了摇头，并且她直起身来，仔细打量着他从悬崖的阴影中走出来。
tr	I	I opened them to breathe in the cool air and the kitchen had massive rolling doors that opened to the outside patio .
tr	O	艾伯特转向我，并且他紧绷的下巴线条告诉我他不高兴。
tr	I	It 's beautiful inside , and it 's very exclusive .
tr	O	休息日很少，并且我们必须充分利用它们。
tr	I	Union with her would reinvent those concepts , and now he would take her .
tr	O	她的黑发盘成一个时髦的发髻，并且她刻意将化妆品的使用降到最低。
tr	I	I 'm here , and Jack is gone .
tr	I	He began to speak , and Dorian 's eyebrows rose .
tr	I	You see if I don 't then they 'll punish me but don 't want to do this , I really don 't .
tr	O	这让那个家伙很受影响，但是我想强调这一点。
tr	O	在新世界没有多少，但是我们有几个。
tr	I	A part of me wants to run off with him right now and his eyes are filled with sorrow .
tr	I	They headed past Jasper back toward the open field , and he held his hand out to Esme .
tr	I	When you didn 't answer , I figured you were back here , but I knocked on the shop door .
tr	I	He 'd just returned it to me last week , and I had lent the anthology to one of the kids I tutored .
tr	O	他立即立正，并且艾丹决定向后看。
tr	O	凯西真心相信他正在努力提升自己，并且杀死达尼并不是做到这一点的方法。
tr	I	His spirits remained fairly buoyant , considering the circumstances , but Trevor often seemed bored .
tr	I	The thought of James ' lips on hers made her heart beat faster , but she wanted those things from Michael more than anyone else .
tr	I	He swallowed her gasp as he covered her mouth with his own , and her head snapped back .
tr	O	她终于推开了伞，并且她穿过了他们的前草坪。
tr	O	随着年份临近圣诞节，天气变得非常冷，并且站在别人家门前台阶上并不是她所乐意的。
tr	O	加布里埃尔搂住了他，但是她凝视着他时却皱着眉头。
tr	I	We will face this together , and both of us can .
tr	I	No one wanted to go through the trouble of bringing in bricks , but in the event of a fire , the damage would be extensive .
tr	I	Air currents tossed them about , and Lightening flashed .
tr	O	在我们聊天的过程中，她被稍微提及过，但是没有什么真正是关于她的。
tr	O	有一种冰冷、迫在眉睫的危险感，但是那并不一样。
tr	I	It made no difference , but he would stand up occasionally .
tr	O	盖尔走到我身后，并且我们审视着彼此的倒影。
tr	O	一滴水落到我舌头上，但是没有更多的水来了。
tr	I	Her eyes wouldn 't focus because of the tears swimming there but she looked down at the calendar .
tr	O	她不知道这件事会如何发展，但是如果她需要，她所有的联系方式都会可用。
tr	I	The roaring in her ears had eased , but the wind whipped above her .
tr	I	Davion made a gesture to be the next to attempt consoling her , and Annalise 's name came up more than a dozen times .
tr	I	I shove it off the top to avoid looking at the date , and my eyes find the calendar on the bedside table .
tr	O	努阿拉盯着我，并且她的声音充满了怒火。
tr	I	He seemed delighted to reciprocate , and I indicated I would be pleased with an alternative by sliding down in the bed .
tr	O	他们的孩子还在外面，并且简是唯一知道这件事的人。
tr	I	What I wanted to know was why , but Grey warned us ?
tr	I	She was sort of glad , and he didn 't respond .
tr	O	然后庄稼歉收了，并且瘟疫爆发了。
tr	O	我被转化时速度很快，并且吸血鬼身份让我变得更快，快得多。
tr	O	那晚我感觉很美，并且我和安吉拉玩得很开心。
tr	O	这里现在是我的家，并且我会留在这里。
tr	O	有人在问我关于大学的事，但是我听不清耳朵里嗡嗡作响的低沉噪音。
tr	O	冰冷的笑声在房间里回荡，并且埃德温用手捂住了嘴巴。
tr	I	It did get cold enough to keep most people indoors , but December in Denver was not as bitterly cold as most people thought .
tr	I	We all stood still , ears strained , and the humming came to a sudden stop .
tr	O	他已经跪在我面前，并且现在他抓住我的头发。
tr	O	我会帮助他们，并且我会帮助你。
tr	I	After his third scotch , he vowed he wasn 't giving up now either and he never lost .
tr	O	保罗似乎不喜欢托马斯，但是他对马克很友好。
tr	I	Suddenly Dagmar didn 't give a flying flip where she was and she managed to gasp before his mouth covered hers .
tr	O	在她回到圣地亚哥之前，他们已经谈过话，并且阿丽也和莎娜进行了推心置腹的谈话。
tr	O	保罗的眼睛睁大了，并且他放低了下巴。
tr	O	我的呼吸卡在喉咙里，并且我用手掌根部按住眼睛。
tr	I	The tip of the blade opens his right cheek to the bone , but he jerks back just in time .
tr	I	He let it go , but Cole seemed irritated about being given orders .
tr	O	我摇晃了他的肩膀，但是没有任何动静。
tr	O	他们一定认为她知道约翰所做的一切，并且这是他们解决问题的方式。
tr	O	这让我很惊讶，但是这也让我更喜欢这个人。
tr	O	他不知道她在煮什么，但是他已经好几个月没闻到这么美味的东西了。
tr	I	Julian was never gentle ... but Julian was being gentle .
tr	O	她给了我一个大大的拥抱，并且我立刻感到放松。
tr	I	His voice sounded tortured and his vocal cords were tightly strung .
tr	O	男人们正抬着什么东西，并且其中一个女人手里拿着一大团白色材料。
tr	O	我开始叫她的名字，并且声音卡在喉咙里了。
tr	I	I realized if there were seven in here , there could be more and my mind suddenly snapped to the present .
tr	I	Cage was pissed off and no doubt Preston was amused .
tr	I	None of what had happened was her fault , but they made him angry .
tr	I	That had been a sop to our lawyer , and only the shirt was a rich royal blue .
tr	O	这占用了我们警官宝贵的时间，而且向警方报假案也是一种犯罪行为。
tr	I	I could feel my willpower crumbling against it and she was wearing her worried mom look .
tr	I	Worry was still evident in his pleased tone , but Kai said .
tr	I	He was flexible , but his return flight was scheduled for noon tomorrow .
tr	O	瑞克尔伸手想抚摸她的腰，但是他没能下得了手。
tr	O	所有人高举着带血的剑，并且有一个男人挥舞着一杆长矛，上面插着一个女孩的头。
tr	I	He stretched out his hand , and Sebastian nodded , his face clearing .
tr	I	She said nothing for the moment on that subject but Victoria 's eyebrows went up at Laci 's instantaneous defense of Sal .
tr	I	Like the houseplants on her windowsill , she soaked it all in , and the blinds in her kitchen were pulled up .
tr	I	I thought my mind was going to explode , and chapter 7 Zane I stared at the computer screen in front of me .
tr	I	To come back after ten , she thought and I 'll just tell him we 're closed .
tr	I	We got the ball rolling and I 'd get into the zone once the client sat at the end of the table .
tr	I	The four of them , in unison , jumped into the beginning dawn light and the green light flashed on .
tr	O	也许和那些人打架是个错误，但是他已经浪费了太多时间。
tr	O	我等着浴室门关上才回去做我刚才的事，但是它没有。
tr	I	It invigorates them and they drink a life-giving liquid that glows with a blue radiance .
tr	I	Her head told her that Kata had some very valid points , and Carlotta 's thoughts tangled .
tr	O	它很小，不张扬，而且停车很方便。
tr	O	我提供了一些茶点，并且我们悄悄地谈论着琐事。
tr	I	Michael answered the question he heard behind my words , but it was a statement .
tr	I	His eyes clouded over and he laughed .
tr	O	我感觉自己被原子弹炸飞了，并且我正努力把身体里的所有粒子聚拢在一起。
tr	I	It might be too late if these guys are good enough , but droids will intervene at the first sign of trouble .
tr	I	As soon as I smelled my food I realized I was starving , but I hadn 't realized how hungry I was after our morning activities .
tr	O	像夏娃一样，他用快速踢腿来保持他周围的区域畅通，但是维持现状并不是目标。
tr	O	说实话，我喜欢独处，并且我对结交新朋友从不抱太大兴趣。
tr	I	A fight was breaking out , and a philosopher had averred that although truth was beauty , beauty was not necessarily truth .
tr	O	他比我大，但是他看起来不像。
tr	I	I spot two pixies watching us with their round eyes narrowed to slits , and leaves rustle in the distance .
tr	I	Feeling so good to be in the dorm , but he collapsed on the living room sofa , tired .
tr	I	There are no other cars parked nearby and the street is fairly quiet .
tr	I	For now she was trying to stick by the rules but before long she 'd be giving head back there without concern .
tr	I	His eyes flew to the back of my hand , and my hand grabbed his where it held my chin .
tr	O	我盯着那双与我一模一样的眼睛，并且我数到十。
tr	O	那些房子现在是空的，但是后来它们会再次住满。
tr	I	I can 't seem to get enough , but I don 't know what it is about her .
tr	O	我旁边的乘客把巨大的身体安顿在我身边，并且我几乎大声呻吟出来。
tr	O	他让我感到莫名的舒适，但是也感觉我落后于对话。
tr	I	All I can 't think about is him but there are so many problems around us .
tr	I	Her body was held on a razor 's edge of tension , and her fangs were out , fully extended .
tr	O	我非常擅长怪异的事情，但是我意识到我不应该这样。
tr	O	似乎在我们到达之前要经历永恒，但是电车最终减速了。
tr	I	Being with the team is surreal and I 'm numb .
tr	O	我在他恐怖的强力抓握下挣扎，并且火势继续肆虐。
tr	I	She didn 't know what it was all about , but she was happy to speak to the social worker when she came round .
tr	I	He wanted more and most of all , he could smell her desire .
tr	I	I 've never bought their lies , but they tried to make me believe I was a resident of the haunted academy all along .
tr	I	Peter bowed , and the three reached each other .
tr	O	我可能正在极大地增加患癌症的几率，但是我更喜欢那样而不是让肮脏的小虫子钻进我的脑袋。
tr	I	They would never go back and that life was behind them .
tr	O	Matt还在洗澡，并且她紧张得吃不下饭。
tr	I	When he deepened the kiss she moaned all over again , and she slid her arm around his neck .
tr	I	The boy moved here with him , maybe seven years ago now , and Macon moved here after he got divorced .
tr	I	I took mine eagerly and he brought back two glasses of red wine .
tr	I	I needed to rectify that , and I stood there once again at a disadvantage .
tr	O	卡车在驶入中心时摇晃，并且布莱克冲下狭窄的道路。
tr	I	Every day he politely declined , and every day I asked .
tr	I	They were looking at the hotel and some ten minutes later .
tr	I	She glared at me and the smile fell from her lips .
tr	I	He stole a quick kiss on the top of my nose , and his lips pressed against mine for far too short a time .
tr	I	Tavi thought he saw some expression flicker in her face , one of apology , and she stared at Tavi for a second .
tr	I	I fancy we can find a few more , but I have already sent two score of barrels ashore to be filled with fresh water .
tr	I	They 'd just gotten started and her stomach was already in knots .
tr	O	他不知道自己是怎么穿成这样的，但是这并不困扰他。
tr	O	那个声音经过伪装，但是他很确定自己知道那人是谁。
tr	O	艾迪现在也咧着嘴笑，并且克里斯汀拍了一下他的手。
tr	I	I ran to the bathroom and she winked in her usual confident way .
tr	I	The thought makes me suddenly uneasy and Maureen must be Anthony 's mom .
tr	O	这是一个不可逆转的过程，并且过了一段时间他们就会发疯。
tr	O	孩子们在事情开始时很高兴，并且大人们则喜欢事情结束时。
tr	O	那辆黑色奔驰面包车停了下来，并且我走了出去。
tr	I	I jumped back out of reach , and she raised both fists .
tr	I	Hazel obediently walked over to it , and Holland pointed to the nearest coffin .
tr	I	I take a quick glance over my shoulder , and the bells on the door behind me ring .
tr	O	知道我是什么，并且仍然想要我。
tr	O	我原以为他会把卡车停在他家，并且我会走回家。
tr	I	I rested my forehead against his clean white shirt and he pulled me in .
tr	I	He was getting that without any fuss , and he 'd only bought her for sex .
tr	I	I still felt shaky , but I would be okay .
tr	O	凯瑟琳仍然穿着她计划在1853年跳跃时的衣服，但是它们已经过时了四十年。
tr	I	Matthew cautiously opened his eyes to mere slits , and the sounds suddenly ceased .
tr	O	她抬起手去阻止他，但是已经太晚了。
tr	I	Maybe I do feel like playing after all , and I had a hell of a day .
tr	O	她试图踢我，但是我按住了她的腿。
tr	I	Will curled me in his arms , and I tried not to look at them .
tr	I	There was blood on the wall , and I got the wall instead .
tr	O	他的目光再次刺入我的眼睛，并且一丝玩味之色在他唇边掠过。
tr	I	His grip was firm , and they were strong .
tr	O	我再也不想执业律师了，并且我不再愿意继续这场闹剧。
tr	O	我有我的猜测，但是那不是我们想要的。
tr	I	It began to grow dark , and finally , after what seemed like an eternity , the sun went down .
tr	I	Next weekend is all I 've been thinking about , but I 'm trying not to come off too eager .
tr	O	我们周围的墙壁震动了，并且艾娃扑向我，用她的身体护住我，当天花板在我们周围轰然坍塌下来。
tr	I	The world seemed more fantasy than real and she had awakened from a long nightmare .
tr	I	Her cruel smile seemed alive , like she could jump out from the page at any moment , and Ali 's eyes were hauntingly blue .
tr	I	I had a sudden urge to kiss her , and I could smell her minty breath on my lips .
tr	I	She didn 't stir , but Hale 's whisper broke into her thoughts .
tr	I	He wasn 't about to show it but she 'd surprised him with her outburst .
tr	I	He laughed , too , even though he probably didn 't know what he was laughing about and she laughed about the balloon .
tr	O	突然多默停了下来，并且黑文差点把他推倒，因为她的惯性使她向前冲去。
tr	I	He was paralyzed , but he tried to turn his head .
tr	I	I took a moment to insert my communication device , and the handful of guys in the limo started filing out .
tr	I	I suddenly saw a flash of déjà vu yet again and she waved at me with a forced smile .
tr	O	她的脸颊一片火红，并且她看起来怒气冲冲，仿佛要口吐恶言。
tr	I	That only made me want him more and there was apprehension hidden there as well .
tr	I	The officers are suddenly hard to find and no one 's sure what the Germans are up to .
tr	I	A screeching has replaced the moaning and a loud swishing noise seems to be coming from the tunnels .
tr	I	The earth fallen into ruin nor the mountains had not crumbled .
tr	O	我感到脸上血色尽失，并且我的嘴巴突然变得干涩。
tr	I	The entire surface of Hallowed Hill had quickly become a forest of rock spires , yet Rock had been falling for mere seconds .
tr	I	His silence was all I needed to know the answer , but his hair was across his eyes , obscuring his face .
tr	O	我爱我们共度的时光，并且我知道我的回答会改变一切。
tr	I	I notice how incredibly intoxicated I feel and the hot kisses stop .
tr	O	到了第二杯酒时，我的态度转变了，并且我开始思考坐在那个简陋营地里的他们所不知道的事情。
tr	O	安娜贝尔想和她争辩，但是真相不容否认。
tr	O	他把他身上穿的红色棉质马球衫递给我，并且我嫌弃地皱了皱眉，同时用它擦拭我的脸。
tr	I	The question I was determined to ask her about Patrick burned in my mind like a sin , and I was surprised at how good it felt .
tr	I	She closed her eyes , and he said her name that way again .
tr	I	I let her go limp against me , and I made myself stop feeding from Jane .
tr	O	她的衣服歪斜着，并且她的头发蓬乱着。
tr	I	I know , as always , that I am not alone , and because the moonlight shimmers in the empty wooden chairs around me .
tr	I	The sight startled me and we walked over to Mr. Heston 's bed .
tr	I	I wanted it to be flawless , and it was if the night set the tone for the next four months of shows .
tr	O	他终于清了清嗓子，并且紧张气氛瓦解了。
tr	I	Its body shook with the laughter that proceeded and it tilted the blob that was its head to the side .
tr	O	瓦西里挣脱了，但是鲁本纹丝不动。
tr	O	我们跑进了单元，并且两名武装警察挡住了去路。
tr	O	炎热的太阳已经加深了他的肤色，并且我能看到汗水在他皮肤上闪着光。
tr	I	I could barely keep my eyes open and my head was pounding .
tr	O	保罗咽了口水，但是他干涸的嘴巴未能产生任何唾液。
tr	O	她睡觉时看起来像个小天使，但是她醒着时却总是惹麻烦。
tr	I	Maximilian grabbed his arm and Guillaume started to rise .
tr	I	They leaped with me and I started to run .
tr	I	His gaze slanted away from Merl and his molars moved against each other .
tr	I	He didn 't realize they 'd done it , wondering when it had been put up but Town Council had talked long about getting such a decoration .
tr	O	你算不上什么母亲，并且你会远离我妹妹的。
tr	I	Soon enough soldiers went flying over me , heading back to the old German front lines and the thunder of feet made the ground tremble .
tr	O	他伸手去摸她的脸，但是她退缩了。
tr	I	They 're already up on the Internet , and people took pictures with their cell phones .
tr	I	I couldn 't set limits for Hunter , but it didn 't make me happy .
tr	O	他当时不知道是什么阻止了他，但是无论那是什么，他都很感激。
tr	O	她喊出一个我听不懂的词，并且阳光从天上炽热地照下来，穿透了树林。
tr	I	I didn 't know what to think about that and somehow I had just made friends with a KY .
tr	O	她深爱着基利，并且基利值得拥有幸福。
tr	O	我看着他的脸，并且我不知道。
tr	O	我不认为他们会相信我们，但是我可能做出了错误的决定。
tr	I	She laid it in my lap , but I 'm not sure just what she wanted me to do .
tr	I	Her naked body sagged in unlovely folds , and her tangled hair was streaked with grey .
tr	O	嫁给美国人可能会加快这个过程，但是这并不能得到政府的即时批准。
tr	O	她是我的一部分，并且我也是她的一部分。
tr	O	我仍然没有达到“气氛”，并且我对“释放”咒语一无所知，除了召唤它们所需的手势。
tr	O	对他们来说，历史并非是绝对精神的发展，但是是对支配人类经济生存的物质条件的发展。
tr	O	我记得在那个初次相遇的夜晚，和你聊天感觉就像回家一样，并且我记得我们做爱的那个夜晚。
tr	O	我希望你知道我绝不会甘愿让你的安全受到威胁，但是我们现在处于完全劣势。
tr	O	我母亲，愿她的灵魂安息，是个难以相处的人，并且我们平均每天都要大吵一架。
tr	O	摔门并没有帮助，并且如果她不尽快停下来，她会吵醒山姆。
tr	O	我的困惑不是装出来的，并且我希望这足以消除任何怀疑。
tr	I	You resenting me , or no matter where we go , I would just end up resenting you .
tr	O	他很美丽，并且尽管我不是，但我现在才意识到他认为我有多么美丽。
tr	O	尼克试图蜷缩回去，但是她的姐妹们拒绝服从。
tr	O	他的嘲讽我并没有忽略，并且我能看到他的气场收缩了一点。
tr	O	他的眼睛眯了起来，并且我咽下了那些差点脱口而出的愤怒的话。
tr	I	I dodge it and he throws another .
tr	I	Below the worry I could tell she knew Maddie would be fine , but she was worried before .
tr	I	She couldn 't deny it gave her satisfaction to see how much he appreciated them , and she knew she had a nice rack .
tr	O	我对他说什么导致那样的行为感到有点困惑，但是那可能只是他们的正常行为。
tr	O	岛屿是水坑中的倒影，然后它就什么都不是了。
tr	I	She thought she was floating above the burning coach , and suddenly the heat from the flames gave way to the cool summer air .
tr	O	他英俊的脸上表情凝重，并且他很生气。
tr	I	He only jolted for a moment , then returned to slow motion and I touched him again .
tr	O	她朝赞眨了眨眼，并且他也回敬她一个。
tr	I	Dry feet were worth sacrificing for but the wellies were a bit clumpy .
tr	I	Sibyl always got caught up in them but one could get caught up in lies .
tr	I	His bellowing didn 't frighten her now , and Frank frequently overreacted in order to prevent a crisis .
tr	I	He was watched closely , but Chapter Six The Arapaho Chief Michael wanted to leave the village .
tr	O	她的脸颊泛红，并且她低下了头。
tr	O	他可能因此而得意忘形，但是就在此刻艾米却不在乎。
tr	O	水流很强，但是它们并不令人感到疼痛。
tr	I	She would always lead the way , and she had only ever come here with Daisy .
tr	O	他递出瓶子，但是艾洛迪摇了摇头。
tr	O	通常被叫做“孩子”不会让她感到困扰，但是他说这话的方式却让她觉得带有贬低意味。
tr	O	他讨厌卡西对他所做的一切，知道他应该离开这个城镇，但是他也知道他不会离开。
tr	O	你一直很聪明，并且你看到了我的罪行。
tr	O	它们可能是岩石上的彩色泥土，但是它们像刚刚跳走的袋鼠一样栩栩如生。
tr	I	After leaving his mouth those flames didn 't answer to him , but the big guy was literally our savior .
tr	O	似乎没有人关心，并且他们胃里的不安感也减轻了一些。
tr	O	她的皮肤冰冷，并且他转身，把自己的身体环绕在她周围。
tr	O	他挂断了电话，并且我又多听了一秒。
tr	I	Charlotte leaned into him suddenly as though tired , and Liam made a face .
tr	I	Need to go and reaching a dock .
tr	I	Jazz left Faith 's teddy bear in my room , and don 't forget your toiletries .
tr	O	这两人设法进入了圈中，并且与其他人手牵着手，很快就被疯狂地拉着转圈。
tr	O	其一，就像我说的，我从未背叛过我的朋友，并且他们需要知道他们中间有内奸。
tr	I	Everyone else did the same , and I looked out the window .
tr	I	He was staring right in the window at her , but she didn 't have any clue who he was .
tr	I	I felt myself falling and my knees went weak .
tr	O	我肯定他对我正在做的事情有所察觉，但是我想让他感受到完整的效果。
tr	I	Another grazed my hand before one lodged into my shoulder and an arrow whizzed past my mug .
tr	I	He was filled with a fear that entered through his weakness for her and she started losing the depths of her wondrous eyes .
tr	I	He shuddered involuntarily and beads of sweat lined his brow .
tr	O	他每天早上都试图叫醒科迪，但是科迪似乎总是领先他一步。
tr	I	The widened access would be considerably broader than his doorway anyway , and the things were designed for digging through bedrock .
tr	O	梅根的眼睛瞪大了，并且她的嘴巴张开了。
tr	I	It was like the continuation of some cosmic joke , and the office was running behind .
tr	O	然后他吻我，并且这个吻感觉不同，更加强烈。
tr	I	The vertical pole anchoring it to the ground was firm , but I pushed at it to see if it would lean sideways .
tr	O	我的两名同事已经被杀了，并且我不认为那是个巧合。
tr	O	他在呻吟声中轻笑，并且一个笑容在他轻佻的嘴上荡漾。
tr	I	Then we kissed some more , and we kissed until the initial rush of emotions from me to him had calmed .
tr	I	The situation no longer seemed amusing , and her lack of trust distressed him .
tr	I	I feel as if I can 't get enough of you , and my body missed you .
tr	I	He didn 't give a damn , but he had known it would be too soon to speak the words .
tr	I	I can do my part from here , but I can 't be there , babe .
tr	I	She felt tears sting her eyes , and its sad eyes met Zoey 's .
tr	O	你比我矮小，并且我会把那考虑进去。
tr	O	他已决定不开灯，冒着黑暗中驾驶的风险，并且她说什么都改变不了他的主意。
tr	I	I imagined he 'd gone to his room to get some privacy and I heard him shut a door behind him .
tr	I	I didn 't let the feeling distract me , but just looking at him filled me with warmth .
tr	O	那段距离给了他继续寻找妹妹的力量，并且这最终得到了回报。
tr	O	她真的很想告诉大家，但是没有人会相信她。
tr	O	你以为你已经把他们压制住了，并且他们会溜走。
tr	O	就像我的大脑把这段关系的画面当成背景噪音播放，并且它就是停不下来。
tr	I	It was all because of Delilah , and everything I built was in jeopardy .
tr	O	她知道我们在撒谎，但是她还是放我走了。
tr	O	我的胃因紧张而翻腾，并且我走向门口。
tr	O	接着雪芭让我重讲我的故事，并且我照做了，几乎一字不差地复述着。
tr	O	他问道，仿佛我们是初次见面，并且他正在展开一个标准的搭讪话题。
tr	O	床仍然是铺好的，并且床上没有人。
tr	I	She clearly had a stick up her ass , but she was pretty , by all means gorgeous .
tr	O	今天是秋天的第一天，并且远山上的叶子才刚开始泛出一点颜色。
tr	I	He lost his footing in the powdery soil of the canyon floor , and the strength of that desperate tug caught Jude 's horse by surprise .
tr	O	她也有充分的理由完全不把他放在眼里，但是她却在乎了。
tr	O	露丝说，并且亚当笑了。
tr	O	他还没完全准备好向她揭示他的惊喜，但是也许最好早点告诉她，而不是晚点。
tr	O	诚然她爱我妹妹就像伊甸是她亲生女儿一样，但是我我知道她对我的感情会加深。
tr	O	他的双手握紧成拳，并且他的背挺直了。
tr	O	我不认为它在我的控制下会伤害我，但是谨慎行事总是明智的。
tr	I	Her old eyelids were twitching , but she gazed back at him .
tr	I	Then the flowers attacked , and she began convulsing immediately .
tr	I	He made no sign he 'd heard me , but I screamed .
tr	O	我不确定她和家人的关系究竟是怎样的，但是显然情况不容乐观。
tr	I	I think I sprained something in my foot , but I just need to get a room .
tr	I	Her brow was fixed and her eyes were wide .
tr	I	We quickly made our way inside , and Autumn flung open the Sanctuary doors .
tr	O	毕肖普问道，并且他声音中的不确定性让我停顿了一下。
tr	I	That 's what it was , but you didn 't know it .
tr	I	He was careful to keep his expression innocent , but it was sexual banter .
tr	I	Inside he was dying by inches , but on the surface he was still in complete control .
tr	O	没能好好表现，我知道，但是那从来都不是他的错。
tr	I	The doctor held up a hand , but Renna opened her mouth to protest .
tr	I	We immediately became the best of friends , and we were both 8 years old , separated by only a few months .
tr	I	I considered leaving the room again and his tone was almost harsh .
tr	I	I would have never brought it up or I wished I 'd known this information .
tr	I	I had seen money come between couples too many times to believe that it didn 't matter , but it seemed like a silly thing .
tr	O	莫里根向他举起手背，并且他举起双手投降。
tr	O	她脸上那将脸一分为二的胎记会吓到其他人，但是哈莉不是其他人。
tr	O	他抽身离开，并且我才意识到他拿着我的手机。
tr	I	None of them could claim that occupation at present and the ship 's rhythmic sway was one for gymnasts .
tr	I	He nods , and I ask .
tr	O	她很坚韧，并且这让他感觉很好。
tr	I	At least it 's something , but it might not be much .
tr	I	The blood kept flowing , but this provided some relief from the pain .
tr	I	It was an unpleasant laugh , and I laughed .
tr	O	他不喜欢，但是他会同意。
tr	O	你在做好事，并且我却表现得像个泼妇。
tr	O	空气中充满了嗡嗡的响声，并且成千上万只细小的黑眼睛透过荆棘闪烁着。
tr	I	Already the temperature in the car was dropping , but the heat had only been off for a few minutes .
tr	I	They refused to give him his sword but the tribesmen had given him his armor .
tr	O	这些年我与不少女性发生过关系，但是我从未做过这个。
tr	O	她尽力帮助她所能帮助的任何人……在任何她能帮助的时候，但是她发烧的症状却越来越严重。
tr	I	They were able to rest for a short time , gather their strength before moving on and sometimes Fernando found work .
tr	I	The ground 's on fire , but he 's stuck there under the weight of the fallen house .
tr	I	I began to cough to try to get it even again , and my breath came too quickly into my lungs .
tr	I	We headed down the ramp toward the baggage carousels to retrieve our luggage , and Charles turned .
tr	I	That was not to be , but I came looking for a simple explanation for what had happened to me .
tr	I	Before I know it , I 'm situated on top of the demon and I swing my other leg around .
tr	I	He 's staring toward the city , lost in his own thoughts , but I wait for him to say something .
tr	I	I will give you part of their loyalty , you long for it so , and join me .
tr	O	水开始沸腾了，并且达西从她橱柜下面的挂钩上取下了两个杯子。
tr	I	I was powerless to stop it and there were many incidents similar to this one .
tr	O	双开门猛地开了，并且接待员把头探了进来。
tr	I	I will hope to dream of better days to come in the warm sun , and I will go to sleep now because I am weary .
tr	I	I was going to see her later anyway , and we both had things to do , though .
tr	I	She dug her nails into his skin until it drew blood , but he tried to hold her hand during the movie .
tr	O	他们重重地摔在地上，并且飞行的疲惫感压倒了他们。
tr	I	It frightened me , and I was starting to feel that way now .
tr	I	That doesn 't mean they 'll know who I am , but alright , you 're right about them probably being motion activated .
tr	I	There was celebration far into the night , and Women arrived with supplies not long afterwards .
tr	I	He knew he had to get out of here before he said something he would regret , and Anger built in long waves inside him .
tr	I	I wasn 't certain he 'd ever truly been loved just for himself , but after all , he 'd had sex before .
tr	I	Colonies of toxins were scattered throughout Nicolae 's system , and Internal organs were slightly misshapen .
tr	I	That was all it took for me to feel his uncertainty right now , but he 'd only uttered two words .
tr	I	There was no reason to believe that it wouldn 't continue that way until he returned , and Everything was working well at the ranch .
tr	I	I turned away from him quickly and my voice was gruff .
tr	I	Their hands would be rough from the years of punishment from working on the land , and they would usually have a standard education .
tr	O	他把一只手放在我肩上，但是那里感觉很冷。
tr	O	迈卡确实有危险，并且我们需要救他。
tr	O	布莱尔眼中的神情可能意在警告安吉丽娜，但是我能察觉她话语中的真相。
tr	O	她和黄金男孩在一起，并且他不会伤害她。
tr	I	Slowly his fingers relaxed and I touched his shoulder .
tr	I	Wesley 's warning made no impression and his mind was in turmoil .
tr	I	She followed suit with her bottle , and he raised his glass to her .
tr	O	阿米莉亚的头脑很清醒，但是她无法完全睁开眼睛。
tr	O	她告诉我，当我到达海边时把它喷到空中，并且她会回来。
tr	O	传送门烧毁已经三个月了，并且卡鲁在那段时间里一直没有收到消息。
tr	O	它们外面看起来都很美味，但是重要的是内在。
tr	O	还有更多，但是他不确定分享是否合适。
tr	I	Blake walked out and the bell from the restaurant doors chimed behind them .
tr	O	路德对那欢快的动作吠叫着，并且他微笑着俯视着那只狗。
tr	O	她自己也着迷于他，而且她也绝非一个易受影响的年轻女孩。
tr	O	所有的头都转向凯莉，并且感到被推到风口浪尖，她屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	She had Bonnie 's bra , and this time it was Meredith .
tr	O	我看到了他所经历的恐惧，并且我看到了他伴随长大的不安全感。
tr	O	他们都在看电视上的球赛，但是他们中没有一个人对此表现出真正的兴趣。
tr	O	他一定三十多岁了，但是他鼻尖上长着一个大痘痘，像水泡一样红肿。
tr	I	She nearly fell to her rump , and the girl felt her legs wobble .
tr	O	对方球队的球员都在仔细打量我，并且惯常的废话立刻就冒出来了。
tr	I	The clock is ticking , but it 's your call .
tr	O	他的呼吸慢了一点，并且他抬头看着我。
tr	I	She didn 't feel like it was hers anymore but it was an elegant space she knew well .
tr	O	有人开始笑起来，并且一张火焰组成的脸完全从火焰中显现出来。
tr	O	还有一个两层的瞭望塔和一个完全由晶莹剔透的冰制成的螺旋楼梯。
tr	O	吉尔需要一个发泄她沮丧情绪的对象，并且我获得了这份殊荣。
tr	I	Every part of him oozed power , masculinity , and he wouldn 't be put down easy in a fight .
tr	O	这套服装完全相反，并且它的每一部分都是黑色的。
tr	O	她是我唯一的朋友，并且似乎学校里的其他人根本看不到我。
tr	O	他把目光从她身上移开，并且他的愁容又加深了。
tr	O	有人把一条大毛巾扔到汉娜的肩膀上，并且她坐在那里一会儿，呼吸急促。
tr	I	I just wanted to collapse and my body was utterly exhausted .
tr	O	汉克照办了，并且当他走到她的马车附近时，他可以看到她可能比他大几岁。
tr	O	莉亚在问他说了什么，但是萨拉气得没法回答。
tr	I	They slammed back the shots and he took a deep breath .
tr	I	It had never been his desire , but he 'd been with many women who liked to have the whole lot waxed off .
tr	O	他绕着我转，并且我转身面向他。
tr	O	她想完全消散，并且当然她做不到。
tr	I	It was no longer an item of my concern , but I was sure the aliens would one day return .
tr	O	他的胃已经不习惯如此丰盛的食物了，并且他留下了一半没动。
tr	I	His collar unbuttoned and a much younger looking Bob cradles me with his shirt sleeves rolled up .
tr	O	他把手机举到急救员面前，并且他们都点头同意是他。
tr	O	铃声停止了，并且一切都安静了。
tr	I	Suddenly , the whole story spilled out , and she took a deep , wobbly breath .
tr	O	他们聊得很起劲，并且她很高兴他们会在接下来的几个小时内离开。
tr	O	他试图治愈杰斯，但是天火烧伤了他。
tr	I	Camp Beaver became the primary entry point into the Land Between the Lakes Park from the east and these communities grew daily .
tr	I	She recovers quickly , but Kira 's eyes widen .
tr	O	我想要除了扎克以外的东西，但是我也想要他的安全感。
tr	O	她尝试过那个，并且那个没有奏效。
tr	O	希望她只是坐在池塘边，和一个老朋友聊天，但是他的直觉告诉他并非如此。
tr	I	She couldn 't see him through her tears , but she raised her head .
tr	O	今晚轮到我了，并且我迫不及待。
tr	O	我送她回家，并且我们交换了电话号码。
tr	I	He 's not a complete scoundrel , despite what you might think , but I know he 's cold-hearted .
tr	O	阿德莱德议员伸手去拿，并且他把它递给了她。
tr	I	I 've never wanted to be anywhere more , but not one thing I 've ever done makes me deserve to be here with this girl .
tr	O	好的，她可能没有，但是我试图以开放的心态友善待人。
tr	I	I have to , but I promised someone I care about very much that I wouldn 't Erase this path .
tr	O	梅雷迪思回头看了一眼马特，并且那就是所需要的一切。
tr	O	安珀将是一个完美的牺牲品，并且到时候将没有人能阻止我。
tr	O	她身侧的血被冻结了，当然，并且她的眼睛被冻得睁着。
tr	I	It 's going to need fixing sooner rather than later , but it 'll hold for a few more days .
tr	I	Seeing that they were talking , promptly left and Joe brought them each a cup of coffee .
tr	O	他走出教室，并且我将目光转向霍尔德。
tr	I	He was still attached to Rachel , but Tolland tried to stand up .
tr	I	I pull my hand up to examine the damage and a shiver runs up me from the spike of pain .
tr	I	Because she had him , she weathered the loss of our parents , and he put a smile back in her eyes .
tr	I	The new paint is brighter , and it 's probably been years since we painted this section of wall .
tr	I	They opened without a sound , and when I reached them I lightly ran my fingers over their smooth , pearly surface .
tr	I	That had not been a part of the plan , and he liked her , damn it .
tr	O	微笑依然在哈尔的脸上，但是他的眼中有的不止是幸福。
tr	I	I was too afraid of popping a stitch to move , and they 'd forced me to wear a white dress .
tr	I	You can follow him out the door or you can either do what I request .
tr	I	It wasn 't that large , but it was a large lounge .
tr	O	陷阱是孤独，并且我们无一幸免。
tr	I	You paid for it and you made a mistake .
tr	O	传来一声巨响，并且盒子立刻变黑了。
tr	O	她在一个人的身上找到了这么多，而且放她走似乎是个可怕的错误。
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安最后走了出来，并且我跑过去拦住他。
tr	I	It ignited on the first try and the Acolyte got into his car .
tr	O	天哪，我只想回去，但是我还不能。
tr	O	他可能愿意永远等她，但是谢天谢地没有发展到那个地步。
tr	O	那次相遇后他一直担心可能怀孕，但是他哄骗自己相信这不可能真的发生。
tr	O	我不再年轻了，并且我也没有变得更富有。
tr	I	I will , and I can stop myself .
tr	I	Her eyes nearly closed and his hands moved up to knead her shoulder blades .
tr	O	最终，人类的数量压倒了那些怪异的生物，并且他们倒在了剑刃的雨点之下。
tr	I	Herbie scampered into the living room and as I started down the corridor , the phone rang .
tr	I	Nick wouldn 't have it , but Charlie , who wanted to map more of the Midwest rails , was urging him to head north .
tr	I	He wasn 't thirsty anymore and he had put on a few pounds .
tr	O	火炬已经点燃了，并且夜晚一片寂静。
tr	I	I overheard them exchanging words and they were in the theater .
tr	I	Already I have made a few friends , and the villagers are really an interesting lot .
tr	O	她从未去过伦敦，但是她听说过那么多美好的事情。
tr	I	Dani was fair game , but her other friends would be safe around Julian .
tr	I	They made plans for the evening , and Jason answered on the second ring .
tr	O	他扣动了扳机，而不是拉动它，并且他开了两枪，而不是一枪。
tr	I	Instead of heading to them to see if Alyssa was okay , she went to the locker room and Faye got up .
tr	O	莱西可能永远不会惹他生气，但是她当然也不会点燃他的激情。
tr	O	我想让他离开这里，但是暂且，这是我能做的最好的了。
tr	O	他立刻带我去了电梯，并且我们很快就前往了地下室。
tr	I	He 's left me alone , but I thought this was foreplay .
tr	O	她爸爸是为她生日买的那些东西，并且我知道她有多么喜欢它们。
tr	I	He was sore in places he 'd never been sore and it had been a rough night .
tr	O	一颗子弹划过肖恩的胸口，并且他放弃了努力表现友善。
tr	I	They gleamed with pride , but he rolled his eyes .
tr	O	当我的鲍勃在战争中死去时，他们收留我回去做管家，并且我欠他们我的忠诚。
tr	I	They would have definitely noticed something like this by the sink , and they had all been together at lunchtime , in the kitchen .
tr	O	十分钟后，尼克停好车，并且我跑进去使用设施。
tr	O	感觉像过了好久，但是我不能催促此事。
tr	I	She signed , Amy like Peter , and he stepped to the tent entrance .
tr	I	On the other hand , it seemed like he knew them already , but the Big Boss surely was not going to listen to his complaints .
tr	O	我甚至不知道为什么我感到不得不问，但是这个想法自从我吻了他之后就一直困扰着我。
tr	O	我的身体有极限，并且我已经达到了它们。
tr	I	It won 't work now , but I might be able to do it tomorrow .
tr	I	At the foot of the steps , Celaena waltzed with herself , and the music was loud enough that it reached them out here .
tr	O	我的心跳得痛苦地快，但是我尽可能平稳地呼吸。
tr	O	当他最后一次被抬出来时，太阳高悬在空中，并且九具残缺不全的尸体躺在湿草地上。
tr	O	我现在会做噩梦梦到坠落，但是至少这会与火灾不同。
tr	I	When he sucked on it , a shiver racked her from head to toe , and she slid her tongue in his mouth .
tr	O	伊甸的声音很大，并且我能听到背景里响亮的音乐。
tr	O	她看起来仍然很沮丧，但是她没有再多说什么。
tr	O	她被绑的双手陷进她的背部，但是她几乎没有意识到这种不适。
tr	I	I 'm gulping noxious gas , but I 'm forced to take a breath .
tr	O	它将弩撞到一边，将她的手臂甩了回去，但是她仍然没有松开弩。
tr	I	The dark liner beneath looks spidery somehow , and I see every fleck of mascara she 's used to thicken her lashes .
tr	O	这些话最终让迈克尔恢复了理智，并且他立刻就明白自己失礼的行为让同伴感到不舒服。
tr	O	你很聪明，并且你知道这一点。
tr	I	This is a big part of you and I need to know who you are .
tr	O	我倒立着，并且世界正在翻滚。
tr	I	Before she could say anything , Bec was pulling her across the street , but something was off .
tr	O	她很聪明，而且我爱她。
tr	I	He said nothing , but she studied him .
tr	O	她很满足，而且那是我和朋友们离开而不再发生冲突的绝佳时机。
tr	O	弱者可能消亡，但是强者将会幸存。
tr	I	He blinked heavily and she smiled at him .
tr	O	它飞快地打开，而且我的内心翻腾不已。
tr	I	She consented to fix the wedding on that day three weeks ; and she would not debate it any longer .
tr	O	我已将此变成一场比赛，而且他已经把胜利让给了我。
tr	O	我感觉到嘴唇张开，并且眼睛瞪大了。
tr	O	我惊讶自己竟然还能说话，我的胃打成了死结，然而话语却流畅地说出来了。
tr	I	He flinched as he lost his footing , expecting to fall again , and the leaf bounced as he tried to rise .
tr	O	他对着我的脸大喊大叫，而且我担心吸血鬼可能会听到他。
tr	I	What would he do when twenty minutes had gone by , but she had only been in here ten minutes at most ?
tr	O	最终夜晚变成了清晨，并且戴卡德回家了。
tr	I	I was rude and I was wrong .
tr	I	It looked pretty deep as well , and it was a river - wide .
tr	I	The others scrambled off into the foliage looking for cover to fire from and his eyes found mine one last time as the children screamed behind us .
tr	I	Roy recognized him immediately , and they 'd met briefly at the opening of the medical clinic .
tr	I	There was a chill in the air that wouldn 't seem to go away and the sun was hiding behind gloomy clouds .
tr	O	这一击的力道把我击倒在地，并且我的左肩传来一阵白热的剧痛。
tr	O	随着这个问题，他的表情沉了下来，并且他松开了我的手。
tr	O	我的胸口为此而疼痛，并且我感觉到妈妈的手放在我的头发上。
tr	O	艾登叫了我的名字，但是我已听不见了。
tr	I	For a moment Haven thought he fell asleep standing up and his eyes glazed over .
tr	I	The magic wasn 't his , but it may have been him at the helm .
tr	I	His brow furrowed , and his dark eyes seemed to grow darker .
tr	O	艾米·劳朝我扬了扬眉毛，并且我顺着她的目光，看向我正焦躁不安地敲打着桌子的触控笔。
tr	I	Together we could , but I don 't know if we could do it on our own .
tr	I	She bowed her head forward for a moment and her shoulders slumped .
tr	I	The sea around them was beginning to burn , and there was still more than 100 yards to go before hitting the beach .
tr	I	She didn 't want to wear a wedding dress , but I 'm not sure what dress she picked out for today .
tr	O	苯海拉明已经发挥了药效，并且特丽娜已经睡得不省人事了。
tr	I	You might have an hour or you might have weeks to prepare .
tr	O	其他露营者的声音渐渐消失了，并且只有偶尔的昆虫发出声响。
tr	O	赛莱斯特尽力让自己的声音听起来放松，但是这并不容易。
tr	O	我在爸爸妈妈的脸上扫了一眼。
tr	O	那些仆人接着端出了足够大家吃两顿的食物，尽管格蕾琴和我才是唯一的人类。
tr	I	His only other choice was to starve , but he was sick of eating orc meat .
tr	O	丽贝卡·克莱恩的名字和她丈夫雅各布的名字一起列着，但是它被整齐地划掉了。
tr	I	She casual y flipped her hands , slapping her servants in the face , and her mage smiled .
tr	I	That was nice to see , and the babies were growing , though .
tr	I	When I lay my hand on his forehead , he was cool to the touch , and his bronze hair looked almost brown next to his pallor .
tr	O	他的手臂紧了紧她，并且她的目光回到了他的身上。
tr	O	她无法后悔，并且她无法修改。
tr	I	He insisted on walking her into the terminal , but they kissed in the car where no one could see .
tr	O	梅布尔不在乎别人怎么想，并且对朱莉来说这是她魅力的一部分。
tr	I	Apes will dance , and Tonight I 'll call the tune !
tr	O	她骄傲地看着他，并且他认为她是仁慈的。
tr	O	丹尼笑了，但是那笑容毫无幽默感。
tr	O	她妥协了，并且她的眼睑颤动着。
tr	O	我想与吉姆的性爱和淋浴使我的心情好转了。
tr	I	Why had he passed up this chance , but she let out a breath of relief ?
tr	I	Those days are no longer , but we were mortal enemies .
tr	I	Now it all seems so pointless , but I always expected to finish .
tr	O	他得让莎拉接受他重返现役，但是主管一直非常坚持。
tr	O	爸爸的眼睛摇摆了一分钟，并且我意识到他不仅仅是为我感到害怕。
tr	I	There was lots of puss , and it was kind of green .
tr	O	她没有畏缩，这很令人惊讶，但是我能看出这让她有些承受不住了。
tr	I	She moaned and her body heated .
tr	O	禁闭室比我在医院里见过的其他地方都暗，但是它并不阴沉。
tr	O	你干得很好，达格，并且你会得到奖励的。
tr	I	I knew he meant it as a compliment , but his comment could have been taken as crude .
tr	I	The arrow fell on the floor and Dr. Williams started to cut around the arrow .
tr	O	伊森先站稳了脚跟，并且他设法再次抓住了朱莉。
tr	O	这些场所有规矩，毕竟，并且德文不想惹上任何官司。
tr	I	I 'll also tell you this , but your safety is my top priority .
tr	I	The other two take more time , but Lennox is up in an instant .
tr	O	他的面具在渐浓的黑暗中显得诡异，并且他把枪拿在手里随时准备着。
tr	I	Ms. Ambrose , the principal , burst onto the lawn , and at that moment the doors to the school flung open .
tr	I	No one was resentful that she had been gone for such a long time and no one despised her for leaving .
tr	O	幽默感本可以使他们的个性更完美，但是你不能拥有一切。
tr	O	我不喜欢塞巴斯蒂安，但是我也不能确定他就是凶手。
tr	I	She prepared for a graceless fall and one quick tug caught her off balance .
tr	I	She had faked an orgasm while savoring her last slice , and Selena had made another comment about food substituting for sex .
tr	I	The phone rang before she could lift the handset , but certain she 'd reached the right decision , she hurried over to the desk .
tr	O	他的净资产达数十亿，并且他一直位列福布斯富豪榜。
tr	O	他运行过热，但是在他找到人类目标之前，他无法有效使用他的能力。
tr	I	He couldn 't see it , but it had to be there .
tr	I	It is too late , but she feels the warning of the weeds at the top of the ditch , laid down by the wind .
tr	O	我尽可能大声尖叫，并且我听到了远处伊恩的声音。
tr	O	他们都在笑，并且他们的笑容都很大。
tr	I	I suddenly wished I 'd gone home , and it was surrounded by tons of trees .
tr	I	I led the team out into the moonlit night and the hatch opened .
tr	O	内疚是她的毒药，并且我正把它灌进她的喉咙。
tr	O	他们有某种超级士兵，并且他们有数百名听命于他们的士兵。
tr	O	他花了大价钱把人安插在重要职位上，并且他可以随时召唤他们。
tr	I	Reyes had begun to grow fearful that she would sleep forever and waiting for her to awaken had been a lesson in self-control .
tr	O	我想要他，并且他知道这一点。
tr	O	她捡起一个，但是那是她十岁时的东西。
tr	I	This suited Kyle just fine , and the receptionist sounded bored .
tr	O	那时我瞥见了我的未来，我可能成为的野兽，但是我不想相信那是真的。
tr	O	她给了他一切，并且他拒绝了她。
tr	O	他开始做一个基本的拳击动作，并且我跟着做了。
tr	I	They did move further away from the beach , but they did not go back into the forest .
tr	I	One of the few he had was about this place , but he didn 't have many memories of his mother .
tr	O	诺拉希望她能保持沉默，但是现在除了前进别无选择。
tr	I	I know that we all need a break and we 're chasing a lead , not a person with this one .
tr	I	I 'd never been great at confronting people , but I needed it now .
tr	O	他们两个都专注地看着我，而且我有点想揍尼尔。
tr	O	那是另一件我希望没有被分享的事情，但是阿德里安忍不住。
tr	I	She looked better than she had in weeks and the color was back in her cheeks .
tr	I	We 're headed to the vet , and a bear attacked Charlie .
tr	O	雨下得更大了，并且闪电划过，仿佛天空女神亲自给塞雷娜亮了绿灯。
tr	O	他们的世界天翻地覆，而且路易斯从未想过会有吸血鬼在作祟。
tr	O	他被叫过很多称呼，但是混蛋不是其中之一。
tr	O	我咯咯地笑了，但是当然，那只是托比亚斯，正从树枝下钻过。
tr	O	另一个水泡在砍刀柄上磨破了，但是鲍伊没有理会。
tr	I	I was used to spending hours in an airplane without a pee , and I wasn 't sucking down coffee like Grayson was .
tr	I	Projectiles ripped into the demons , and the charge broke apart .
tr	O	她没有理会这个，并且有一段长时间的停顿。
tr	I	He needed answers , and he could do it because no friend meant more to him than his son .
tr	O	我会死，并且索菲也会死。
tr	I	He has been dismissed , and we have been discovered .
tr	I	The guns fire their rounds and the showers above us Raining down on our feet While the bombs are exploding .
tr	I	John dressed both , and I killed two .
tr	I	Then the thought came to him , and he wondered what might have changed to stop them from being there now .
tr	O	好人可以幸免，并且坏人会早逝。
tr	O	鲜血喷涌而出，并且他弯下了身子。
tr	O	死亡是一个谜，一团乌云，并且他们已经消失在其中。
tr	I	I sure hope it ´ s not the case and they ´ re probably telling him to stay away .
tr	I	I shrugged , and she said gently .
tr	I	She whirled away from him , slamming the door behind her as she strode inside , and this made her angrier still .
tr	I	The man thumped into the street and the gunslinger shot him dead .
tr	O	荣誉也是如此，并且我们同时喘息着。
tr	O	他让我信任他，然而他却已经做过如此不值得信任的事情。
tr	I	After a short pause , I nodded and a ghost of a smile played at the corners of my mouth .
tr	I	The entire dance floor was at a near standstill , and I looked around .
tr	I	I was clinging on to the idea that there was a plan and it couldn 't be part of the plan .
tr	I	The back door opened before she could , but she wanted to cast off his help .
tr	O	会议结束时他站了起来，并且当他告别握手时，他微笑着。
tr	O	当螺栓滑开，金属的尖啸声从门里发出时，他吓了一跳，并且随着一声响亮的吱呀声，门开了。
tr	O	大约两英里外有一个捷特家的男孩，但是我从未在河边任何地方见过他。
tr	O	我希望我能像你一样，但是我不能否认我是谁。
tr	O	他爱他们，并且他恨他们。
tr	I	I don 't talk about it but I think about this sometimes .
tr	O	那里的一扇窗户面向广场，并且她能看到商队守卫在夜间巡逻时悄无声息地移动。
tr	O	她的攻击立刻停止了，并且她僵在了原地。
tr	O	那是一个小动作，但是我立刻就注意到了。
tr	I	She made sure the words that came out of her mouth were admirably civil , but her knuckles went white .
tr	I	The wind got stronger and the raindrops were angrily knocking at the window .
tr	I	Rory hurried up beside me , and footsteps smacked on the floor .
tr	I	She could almost believe that too and his voice was rough with frustration .
tr	O	他为她献出了生命，并且在他死的时候她笑了。
tr	O	我的眼睛泛着泪光，但是我已不再哭泣。
tr	I	A mysterious key tag flashed on his palm , and the same moment he stretched out his hand .
tr	O	我们在34街地铁站的拐角处，并且她什么也没说。
tr	I	She closed them and her eyes ached unmercifully .
tr	O	她抽痛的头几乎无法忍受，但是她必须忍受。
tr	O	一缕细烟袅袅升入空中，并且那是我看到的最后一幕。
tr	I	He hated giving them labels and people were people .
tr	I	I thought someone broke in , and I saw the lights switched on in your room .
tr	I	One of the most beautiful women he 'd ever known , and Diana was bright , exciting , passionate about her work .
tr	O	他当时把她拉近，并且他吻了她。
tr	I	He appeared to be saying something and his face was stern .
tr	O	他们很少争吵，并且她讨厌这样。
tr	I	A spasm of pain crossed her face and keeley snorted .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I should 've guessed the sound of my voice would be a distraction .
tr	I	Now I 'm stuck here with my dad , but my mom lives out there on the inner coastal .
tr	O	她把毯子放在一个塞在角落里的梳妆台上，那是米洛来后新添的，并且她吓了一跳。
tr	O	这段经历并非来自她站立的房间，但是来自她手中拿着的书。
tr	O	她曾那么爱他，然而她伤了他的心。
tr	I	We probably do it at the same time , but I 'm not sure who hangs up first .
tr	O	我就是那些渴望逃离、渴望活下去的、呼吸着的物体，并且突然一股平静笼罩了我。
tr	O	我试图重新入睡，但是在那黎明前的表演之后，那是不可能的。
tr	I	The fireworks exploded again before her first orgasm even finished , and he pushed hard into her , reaching deeper than she thought possible .
tr	O	尽管如此，我差点就放弃了，但是我想要证明我的能力。
tr	I	It was time for her to reinforce her most important command and Gabriel had what they needed .
tr	O	我张开嘴想争辩，但是她制止了我。
tr	I	No one can save Sean , not when he 's like this , but I want to free him from that so badly .
tr	I	It was still a gathering place for the folks in the neighborhood who had not been consulted about the highway but it was no longer beautiful .
tr	I	He cut me quickly off but I opened my mouth to protest .
tr	O	我猛地抬眼看向他，并且他正站在吧台对面。
tr	O	他再次完整了，并且他在他们到来之前就清楚地感知到了他们。
tr	O	他的眼睛仍然闭着，并且他把手指放到唇边，好像他还能感觉到我在那里。
tr	I	The learning process extended over a period of years , and Young chimps literally learned how to do it .
tr	O	巴沙很难被称为丑陋，然而他算不上英俊。
tr	O	她看到了那个胸针，并且卡恩知道她想要它。
tr	O	我能感觉到空气中有些什么，并且我知道我即将揭晓。
tr	O	我的目光扫过房间里的东西，当我努力回忆时，但是出于某种原因，我脑中一片空白。
tr	O	当然，我将来可能会有约会，但是绝不会是和她的。
tr	I	Sabin made another decision , and the sound of the other motor dropped off , as if it had slowed even more .
tr	O	他不仅能和阿根廷的那位女士用西班牙语交谈，而且他现在还在和某人用德语交谈。
tr	O	第四个人保持沉默，但是他的眼神说明了一切。
tr	O	她正在哭，并且看着她就像肚子上挨了一拳。
tr	I	When I saw his expression fall , I knew I had offended him , but I didn 't mean for my face to scrunch up in repulsion .
tr	O	我点了点头，并且凯伦又回去掸灰尘了。
tr	I	He 's right -- but my partner , Dr. Philips , is a jerk .
tr	O	我爸爸站了起来，并且我也那样做了。
tr	O	他通常都很务实，但是涉及科尔的事情上就不是了。
tr	I	First , I need for you to understand something , but I need to ask you a few things , Finn .
tr	O	他的替代者可能是任何人，并且泰不信任随便什么人。
tr	O	祂一直向我伸出祂的手，并且最终，最终我伸手去抓住了祂。
tr	I	Micha is sitting there by himself on a rock with his phone in his hand and the minister is gone .
tr	O	她无意中侮辱了吕西安伯爵，并且她怀疑他反过来也侮辱了她。
tr	O	将那与你傲慢的虚荣结合起来，你就可以简直成为所有混蛋之王。
tr	O	我想相信海莉是编造的，但是我知道她没有。
tr	O	既然她未婚，她保守的父母坚持让她把孩子送人收养，并且当她拒绝时，他们就切断了经济支持。
tr	I	It 's a silent agreement and I don 't say anything .
tr	I	He no longer saw any fear , and Brown eyes stared up at him .
tr	I	I jump to my feet and his head makes a loud crack against the floor .
tr	O	她已经签署了一份法律协议，并且现在他们继承了那份协议。
tr	O	她想吻我，并且我推开了她。
tr	O	他把左臂搭在男孩的肩上，并且阿尔伯特非常缓慢地站直了身子。
tr	I	He had long since learned to use it to his advantage , but Rohr 's legendary temper was boiling .
tr	O	惊恐写满了马库斯的脸，并且他严厉地看着她。
tr	O	约翰在所有事情之上不需要这个，但是凯伦必须小心她对罗伯特所说的话。
tr	I	Considering what just happened , you 're going to be told anyway , but I probably shouldn 't be sharing this detail with you .
tr	I	Adam knew better , but Ronan looked chastened .
tr	O	再多一点，并且他就会足够健康来应对它了。
tr	O	我看向B.米勒中士，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	Let 's face it , that wasn 't the one thing they wanted , but I knew boys liked food .
tr	I	He fell asleep and the sheer exhaustion finally became too much .
tr	I	That was his entire fault and Denial pushed his coherent thought process aside .
tr	I	The procession started to move forward and a large bronze gong was struck as the door opened .
tr	I	It also felt right ... and it felt good to say that .
tr	O	她笑了，并且一声轻微的咯咯笑声从她嘴边逸出。
tr	I	She found herself scowling for a second , and a gust of cold air blew through her long flowing hair .
tr	I	It gave her something to do while she watched Steven argue with his sister , but she already knew the hearts wouldn 't be used .
tr	I	It started to annoy me , but I tried to continue on , because there was little chance I 'd actually trip over it .
tr	O	她敲得稍微用力了些，并且木头移动了。
tr	I	It 's raining and it 's July .
tr	I	I switched off my cell phone and I didn 't reply him anything .
tr	I	I realized with a shock that she was crying and her eyes were red .
tr	I	We slide down unceremoniously to the floor and I release her to take the gun .
tr	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且我注意到他穿着训练服——全身黑色，与厨房的墙壁形成鲜明对比。
tr	O	他只发出一声疲惫的叹息，并且那似乎带走了他身上仅剩的力气。
tr	O	科尔看着她，好像她疯了一样，并且罗宾不能怪他。
tr	O	威廉做了许多复杂的事情来测试007，并且从外部使用这个账户可能看起来很正常。
tr	I	Austin prayed that he wouldn 't crush it , and his grip tightened round the thin cup .
tr	O	莱斯利回到了她的椅子上，但是汉克站在门边。
tr	O	米奇试图把眼睛盯在路上，但是那是不可能的。
tr	I	Until that moment , he didn 't believe it was really possible , but Lance had heard about spontaneous combustion .
tr	O	天下没有不散的筵席，并且如果我一整天都缠着他，他会起疑心的。
tr	I	The acrid smell of charred flesh flooded the vault , and his hair went up in a whoosh of smoke .
tr	O	班卓琴开始从你的汽车音响中播放，而且我立刻认出了我最喜欢的乐队。
tr	O	她以前从未去过那里，但是斯凯勒知道该去哪里。
tr	I	There were a lot of others who couldn ' see it either and me mom ain ' never been able to see it .
tr	O	我知道我们把它还回去了，但是我当初就不该拿她的钱。
tr	I	I jumped and he barked .
tr	I	Her voice was very small when she spoke again , and she paused for a moment .
tr	O	袋子又被从我头上扯掉了，而且我发现自己正看着扎克的眼睛。
tr	O	我闭上眼睛，并且它们几乎保持闭合。
tr	O	迟到不像他的风格，而且他半预期会受到他兄弟的盘问。
tr	O	我的妻子在我们说话的时候正在死去，并且我会做任何事来救她。
tr	I	Both men wept , and she was gone .
tr	O	他环住她的腰，并且他的黑眼睛凝视着她的眼睛。
tr	I	I realized he was blocking the wind from reaching me and the bench seat was still warm from his body heat .
tr	I	He would do as he was ordered , but Brent would argue .
tr	I	They walked on without speaking and he caught up .
tr	I	Nicholas asks about Jackson and a staff member moves toward us .
tr	O	很多动物又看起来很熟悉，并且其中有些她认不出来。
tr	O	我的怒气消失了，并且我终于让步了。
tr	O	突然那扇小红门飞开了，并且塔比阿姨把头探进了蝙蝠炮塔。
tr	O	萨利向阿什简短地点了点头，并且之后情况就好转了。
tr	O	吸血鬼们把它们指向喀尔巴阡人，并且人类社会成员尽力杀死尽可能多的人。
tr	I	I could move towards the light , or I could either stand in the dark thinking about it .
tr	O	丹尼提高嗓门时，莱福发出了咆哮，但是丹尼似乎太生气了，顾不上理会。
tr	I	His lips brushed my ear and I turned my head away .
tr	I	We 're taking good care of Trina , and we 've got that kind of love .
tr	I	I hope that you 'll understand me as your life will undergo changes , and forgive me .
tr	I	He locks his other arm around me , and I snuggle closer to Isaiah .
tr	O	他最喜欢的香烟在床边，并且他的衣服仍然挂在衣柜里。
tr	O	这个巨人什么都不是，但是他很忏悔。
tr	O	他不肯告诉我他计划了什么，但是我 Knew 他正在计划着什么。
tr	O	他本想把水泼到脸上，但是在他飞船的零重力环境中，那是不可能的。
tr	O	他想相信后者，但是他所了解的关于她的一切都指向了前者。
tr	O	力场崩溃了，并且雅各布溜走了。
tr	O	你说你什么都没做，然而他却把你打倒了！
tr	I	It shocked him to the core and * Devlin gave Karl the bad news .
tr	I	It tickles me mercilessly and he darts a kiss behind my ear .
tr	I	Franco didn 't quicken his torturous caresses , but she wiggled impatiently .
tr	I	It was dead , as cold as ash , or love was either there , hot as fire .
tr	I	You 've done a wonderful job with Blackie , and you 're an excellent rider , too .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to tell Miss Tick that , but in fact , Tiffany was a bit surprised at not crying .
tr	O	我用拇指拭去他的泪水，并且我做了我能想到的唯一一件事，因为我不知道该说什么。
tr	I	The surface of the puzzle seemed solid , yet it looked like the cat was diving into a pool of water .
tr	I	I was just realizing it and my best friend was gone .
tr	O	妈妈没有敲门就走了进来，并且我把试卷藏到身后。
tr	I	They passed only a handful of locals using the road , and the fields on either side were bare , flecked by patches of snow .
tr	O	他的双臂交叉在胸前，并且他的脸上带着一丝坏笑。
tr	O	露丝试图阻止我接近其他囚犯，强调说如果我受伤就没用了，并且我需要小心。
tr	I	Suddenly he 's striding toward me , reducing the space between us in an instant and rage consumes him .
tr	I	I realised he was being sincere and his face was full of hope .
tr	I	The bolt was a good , sturdy one , too , and it had been locked with a key from the outside .
tr	O	他已经向我解释了他和娜恩的关系，但是我不确定自己是否完全相信他。
tr	O	这个地方充满了其他病人的嘈杂声和照料他们的少数治疗师。
tr	I	I have always understood that defeat may be glorious , and I have heard songs of many battles .
tr	O	他那天没有进食，并且饥饿感狠狠地折磨着他。
tr	I	They won 't fall , but tears prick my eyes .
tr	I	The carpet looked it and the hallway smelled moldy .
tr	O	大地因那股力量的释放而颤抖，因其上所降临的破坏而呻吟，但是这个行为是不可逆转的。
tr	I	She laced her fingers together , and her face cleared a little .
tr	I	I 'm not sure deep down I mean it , but I say that .
tr	O	我不想喊出来，但是我从未感受过这样的疼痛。
tr	O	她羞涩地抬头看多诺万，显然想说些什么，但是她不确定。
tr	O	那个动物已经明显放松了，我的也是，而且我们俩的四条腿朋友都没有受到影响。
tr	O	我试图把手抽回来，但是他紧紧抓着不放。
tr	I	The only thing that moved was her heart , and all she could do was stare at that brick .
tr	O	我努力聆听屋子里是否有任何声音，但是对于这样一栋老房子来说，它出奇地安静。
tr	I	Hearing the suggestion from my stage manager makes my task tonight feel all the more necessary , but I 'd certainly thought of that myself .
tr	O	当克莱尔取下凯莉的垂布时，她转身去迎接她的下一位客户，但是来的却是她姐姐。
tr	I	I 'm happy too , and she reads this smiling .
tr	O	尽管如此，在生命的最后时刻她讨厌背叛艾萨克，但是她不能——也不会——允许他为了她而毁掉自己的人生。
tr	I	He wasn 't sure what , but he knew I was something .
tr	O	他曾以为树林就是树林并且他回来也不会受到影响，尤其是在一天中的不同时间。
tr	I	I 've never heard the language before , but then it speaks .
tr	O	他大步冲向她，但是兰斯反应迅速，挡在了他们之间。
tr	O	他们向他询问了他的旅行，并且他回答他们，就好像他真的拜访了他的索菲姑妈，而这对他来说更像一场梦。
tr	O	他们向后跌跌撞撞地靠在一栋建筑的侧面，并且茱莉亚终于明白了为什么人们会为此冒一切风险。
tr	O	一位迷人的棕发女子问我是否愿意辅导她，并且有个家伙和我击掌。
tr	I	First she had to understand what exactly was going on , but now she had to fix things .
tr	O	然后，莉亚使出了一个右勾拳，但是塔妮亚再次顺着拳势躲开了。
tr	O	他的计划进展缓慢，并且时间正在悄然流逝。
tr	I	He swore not to tell a soul , and he knew that Ben beat Mum up .
tr	I	Confidant was dead and she couldn 't believe Domenico 's old friend .
tr	I	My legs felt weak and my heart slammed against my chest .
tr	I	Carter was their man , and the Bureau were leading the inquiries .
tr	I	His eyes went silver gray , and Fur burst across his bare chest , his face elongated into a muzzle .
tr	I	I kissed her again , couldn 't stop , and it set me reeling .
tr	O	脚步声在大厅中回荡，并且我感觉我的笑容消失了。
tr	O	泪水顺着我的脸颊流淌，并且我因母亲的话语痛苦地哭喊出来。
tr	I	He put it away with some ceremony and I didn 't press him for details .
tr	O	这个想法不应该困扰他，但是有些事情他却说不清道不明。
tr	O	维戈的声音很平静，但是 我感觉到了潜在的蔑视。
tr	O	她带着温柔的微笑说了这话，并且 她的眼睛里闪烁着顽皮的光芒。
tr	I	Once I tell them my name , they fit me right in , but I don 't have an appointment .
tr	I	She was able to get enough of a hold to lift herself onto the roof but her fingers scrambled for purchase on the slippery shingles .
tr	I	I brought my hand up to stop him , but he leaned in to me .
tr	O	这一口有点太大了，并且 我开始有点噎住了。
tr	I	When she was up getting a vase to contain them he opened the little book he had given her , and Jesse handed the flowers to Ruby .
tr	O	我把他翻过来检查他的脉搏，但是 他的脖子被砍开了，他发黑的衬衫前襟沾满了暗色污渍。
tr	O	他的蓝眼睛里燃烧着热度，但是 他的嘴角弯成了一个微笑。
tr	I	My feet are cold and my head is all hot .
tr	O	巴尔萨泽向他的同伴挥了挥手，并且 这群人便沿着尘土飞扬的道路走去，在岩石间蜿蜒上坡。
tr	O	他的许多手下都死了，但是 情况可能糟得多。
tr	O	我最后一次在火车上见到他的情景在我脑海中盘旋，并且 我的虚弱让我感到不安。
tr	O	姑娘们出了力，并且她们很快就把桌子摆好了。
tr	O	我的肚子在我走回家时咕咕叫，并且我意识到那是因为我之前忘了吃饭。
tr	I	Some even held on to the gravestones like they were life vests , and carved angels in the Gatlin graveyard held on to every kind of flower .
tr	I	In others , insecurities plagued her , especially when it came to relationships , and in some areas of her life confidence flowed through her .
tr	I	She had done two thirds of the way , leaving another third of the way to go and 40 minutes have passed .
tr	O	他们仍然安全地在光线范围之外，但是她和他一样清楚这意味着什么。
tr	I	Now I would be lost forever , nothing more than a vampire 's stooge and I had just found myself .
tr	I	Once again he blocked her path , but she tried to sidestep him again .
tr	I	Her parents took her to the top of Grandfather Mountain and she remembered the time she was small .
tr	I	She will take care of you , and this is my housekeeper , Mathilde .
tr	O	凯莉的笑容很温暖，并且他的胸口因情感而紧绷。
tr	I	Her eyes drifted back to his , and Lance smiled again .
tr	O	橙皮鸡肉炒面是他的最爱，但是他只吃了一半就感到恶心了。
tr	I	Your father is a well-known man , and your mother is a very prominent woman in this town .
tr	O	我知道一个地方，那个生物可以得到很好的照料，并且你可以接受教育。
tr	O	她倾听着田野里蜷缩的羊群的声音，但是它们也走了。
tr	O	她扭过身，并且然后他们一起面对它。
tr	O	Denny 已经五十出头了，并且在过去十年里他见证了我很多事情。
tr	I	Years of experience with the opposite sex told him that she probably had an incredible figure hiding underneath that dress , but he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	My memory was as fuzzy as the Christmas lights through the wet windows , but I tried to remember .
tr	I	I darted around the blaze and flames spread across the ground .
tr	O	他一直盯着那扇门——我的逃生路线——试图踱步，但是绳子不让他动弹。
tr	O	她让杰夫知道她会迟到，并且他主动提出等她忙完。
tr	O	我向前猛冲，但是法比安牢牢地抓住了我。
tr	O	他在袭击中头部受伤，并且我们已经失去了他会完全康复的希望。
tr	O	男孩倒在地上，这次完全静止了，但是他火焰的杰作仍在吞噬着墙壁。
tr	I	They 're not the boss of you anymore , but your parents are the ones who decided on in-patient rehab .
tr	O	她踩上去的时候它摇晃着，并且她怀疑它是否能承受她的体重而不会从建筑物上脱落。
tr	O	我在远处听到了笑声——细小、邪恶的笑声，并且我的身体僵硬了。
tr	I	The keypad lock held the door secure , but the padlock released .
tr	I	The front door finally opens and a half hour goes by .
tr	O	尽管她母亲表现得很热情，丽贝卡可能也只是个普通熟人，但是至少有人向他们打过招呼了。
tr	O	贝丝尖叫着，摇晃着那个洋娃娃，并且本看起来脸色更苍白了。
tr	O	她只与一位天使同寝，而且其余的都是人类伴侣。
tr	I	I could see they took up half the third floor , but we didn 't go into David 's quarters .
tr	O	她在我身后叫我，但是我没有停下来。
tr	I	A gun they think will have your fingerprints on the trigger and they 've found a dead man with his head blown off .
tr	I	Now even the sound of it was fading away , but she was still talking .
tr	I	We walked out , and I turned back around .
tr	O	春天已经抵达肯特，并且夜空异常清澈，头顶繁星闪烁。
tr	I	You must carry the ideas in symbols ... but you can carry ideas through the gat .
tr	I	Rhona shoved her spear into his eye and the one closest to her spun around .
tr	O	至少在地狱里，一个人还能找到刺激堕落的证据，但是在这个糟糕透顶的地方，却看不到任何这些。
tr	O	他独自喝完了茶，并且她甚至没有动一下。
tr	O	北美大部分地区的荒漠化已导致全国范围内的巨大粮食短缺，并且我知道我应该为我所拥有的一切心存感激。
tr	I	Angrily shooting down at the stairs and they were fully armed .
tr	O	我甚至不知道，并且说实话，我不想知道。
tr	I	I jammed the cameras and they weren 't looking for me .
tr	O	她看起来不开心，但是她还在应付着。
tr	I	Come on , the man was a priest , but I 'm not particularly religious .
tr	I	I was safe , and he was locked up .
tr	I	Someday he would kill him if he didn 't get out of there and he swore that he hated his father .
tr	O	她最近非常信任我，而且我们的关系迅速升温。
tr	O	艾伦准备好冲进房间，并且凯勒在卡尔身后，准备好根据他的信号进入。
tr	O	我多年来一直在思考这个问题，但是没有看护人向我解释一切，我总是想当然地认为这永远没有道理。
tr	I	He finally left , and Avery offered none .
tr	O	我从未吸食过任何毒品，然而我却出现了可怕的幻觉。
tr	O	他们是剧院里仅剩的两个人，并且清洁人员正带着他们的垃圾袋进来。
tr	O	那些还活着的人本应该试着逃跑，但是他们只是不停地试图接近萨宾。
tr	O	他们可能已经解决了他们的问题，但是他是她当时最不想见到的人。
tr	O	这次只有两个穿着长袍的女孩，并且我看到她们手牵手站着。
tr	O	他移开了身上的覆盖物，并且所有的瘀伤都消失了。
tr	I	It was good , and Conner let me take mine first .
tr	O	该死，那可能还会发生，但是一个锚会降低可能性。
tr	I	We squeezed through and he opened it just a little wider .
tr	O	亚当斯能猜到接下来会发生什么，但是这种暗含的恐吓却令人意外。
tr	O	护身符在我的指尖下颤动，并且我猛地抽回了手。
tr	I	One is the Temple of the Great Jaguar and Temple II is the Temple of the Moon .
tr	I	The elevator doors did not open , but she pushed the red emergency button .
tr	O	我知道女巫集会中的女巫禁止使用束缚咒，但是从她的态度可以看出，艾瑞安娜是独自工作的。
tr	O	马克去找他的人谈话了，并且我去找一部新手机了。
tr	I	I would also have to touch up my hair and I would have to do my eye makeup at work .
tr	I	He finally nodded his head toward his Rover , but Rush didn 't look as if he understood .
tr	I	She trembled in his arms and her own eyes widened for a moment .
tr	O	我们活着，但是我们从不允许生活。
tr	O	她所有的客人都彼此自在，并且他们喜欢待在一起。
tr	I	That he himself had failed to notice , but he supposed those details had been said at some point .
tr	O	我从未身处更大的危险，然而我从未感到如此安全。
tr	I	His curiosity took over and all of his imaginations ceased .
tr	I	A traitorous part of her heart opened to him , and she was grateful for the privilege .
tr	O	它熄灭了并且她眨了几次眼，试图抹去在视野中跳动的白点。
tr	I	The commotion grew and Kathy cussed .
tr	I	They never left it unattended and the Red Hollows had fought hard for their place here .
tr	I	I am one of them , and you have few champions , Louisa .
tr	O	我回到安吉住在那里，但是那种冲动在召唤。
tr	O	他想知道这些树的位置，并且它们是什么样的树？
tr	I	She 'd spoken up before he could utter a word , but he 'd been about to say yes , he 'd directed all of her actions .
tr	I	Margie walked into them and Lydia opened her arms .
tr	I	She smiled back and he smiled .
tr	I	Then a new sob rushed in , but her mouth wobbled into a smile .
tr	I	My eyes occupied and I asked Clare , trying to keep my mind .
tr	O	无数次，我尝试触碰他，但是我的手指再次穿过他的脸颊。
tr	O	传说这些树是在世界开始时被创造出来的并且它们赋予了森林生命。
tr	I	That made her suspicious , and the tea was dark , so dark that she couldn 't see the bottom .
tr	I	He was tall , but really , he was too young to serve .
tr	O	他直视前方，而且那阴沉的表情又回来了。
tr	O	我不确定，但是我会找出答案的。
tr	I	It also needs to be someone he trusts immensely , but this position is important .
tr	O	我已经知道了，但是我让他继续。
tr	I	The wound in his temple throbbed with pain , and it vibrated inside Michael 's skull .
tr	O	恐慌在阿米拉心中升起，并且她泪如雨下。
tr	O	他没有再靠近一步，但是我感到我们之间的紧张感骤升。
tr	I	I was beginning to imagine a future when I would no longer miss him at all but my future was blurry , yes , .
tr	O	他们进来了，并且我们走上了我的房间。
tr	O	最后，罗马皇帝本人，塞普蒂米乌斯·塞维鲁，来到不列颠镇压苏格兰部落，但是即使他也没有攻破我们的据点。
tr	I	Catherine was in but Dad was out .
tr	I	I couldn 't help noting it , but I didn 't point this out .
tr	I	They probably wouldn 't help her , and she didn 't know anyone here besides the people she 'd met at the party .
tr	I	There was nothing unusual in that , but she wasn 't wearing any makeup .
tr	I	I let out a low cry , and my chin bobs against my chest .
tr	O	某人处于危险之中，极度危险，而且他认识这个声音！
tr	O	他们是彼此唯一的慰藉，并且他要对他们负责。
tr	I	I held out the blanket so we could share it and she sat down next to me .
tr	O	再次出现三人不认识的物品，所以鲍勃就记下了那些，并且接下来是他，所以第二章轮到他钻研了。
tr	O	班级她那侧又爆发了几声咯咯的笑声，但是在我开口说话之前，莱莎朝那个金发女孩投去一瞥。
tr	O	从这个有利位置看，圆顶很壮观，并且它破坏了山脉的原始景色。
tr	O	米斯蒂冲入黑暗中，但是离开阳光几英尺后黑暗就太过强烈，她什么也看不见。
tr	I	He wondered if it might work for him now and it was a look that Theo liked .
tr	O	我在战争期间的经历一定对我有利，但是如果保罗再次为我说话，我也不会感到惊讶。
tr	O	我大叫了一声，但是他已经穿过门了。
tr	O	我们身后有什么东西坠落了，并且他跳了起来，把我推到他身后。
tr	O	你的思维突然变得异常敏锐，但是你的身体却似乎慢了下来。
tr	O	我们在一个多月前安插了“A”队，但是目前无法与他们沟通。
tr	O	她知道自己的恐惧是多么疯狂，但是这种认知并没有减轻它。
tr	O	他的一只手摸索着伸向我的私处，并且我的双腿在他无言的指令下羞耻地张开。
tr	I	The old man didn 't say another word , but he half expected Cutter to keep talking , start telling what he knew .
tr	I	At this point I couldn 't think of any other way onboard , but it was an odd shot .
tr	O	耐心并非他的强项，但是为了艾玛他会变得宽容。
tr	O	她显然很担心他们的未来，并且他不善言辞。
tr	O	她确信运动探测器都疯了，然而尼尔却没有打电话过来。
tr	I	He dressed old , but he looked young .
tr	O	路德露出了一丝若有若无的微笑，并且他直直地看着我。
tr	O	克里斯托弗开始反驳，但是杰克打断了他。
tr	I	There was nothing he could do , but Cory was not happy about it .
tr	I	Then kissed her with a burning passion , and he tangled his hand into her hair , bringing her head down .
tr	I	Anita elbowed me in the ribs , and we had just walked through the door .
tr	I	Jessica 's stomach tingled , and the town limit flashed by .
tr	O	他们能清楚地看到，并且他们还在等待。
tr	I	My makeup job apparently hadn 't been good enough , which I did not , but she kept her voice down , which I appreciated .
tr	I	Eric would keep his ear out , but it wouldn 't land in Las Vegas until late in the evening .
tr	I	There was honor in that , and I was his wife .
tr	I	I shall run into his open jaws , and ' Free me !
tr	O	他用手捧住她的脸，并且一道光芒在卡鲁的胸膛里爆发了。
tr	O	凯莉感受到了那个灵魂的痛苦，她的悔恨，但是她无法否认从这份忏悔中获得了一丝宽慰。
tr	O	卡斯比她先到了游戏室，并且当乔安娜从他座位后面跑过时，他已经坐在椅子上了。
tr	I	I was ready to finish up the semester and the last week of school was upon us .
tr	O	我喜欢看美女，但是其他部分都不合我的心意。
tr	O	门铃响了，并且在伊莉斯来得及回应之前，梅弗里克踱步走进房间，看起来是他有史以来最潇洒的样子。
tr	O	宴会已经开始，并且食物很丰盛。
tr	O	他怀疑没有人认真对待凯勒曼的研究，否则他会出很多钱来使用那个破旧的设施。
tr	O	我的心在我胸腔里怦怦直跳，等待他回应，但是他一言不发。
tr	O	艾瑞丝的脸颊泛红，并且她将目光转回驾驶。
tr	O	她试图干预炸弹，但是它已经超出了她的能力范围。
tr	O	瓦莱丽当时碰巧在那里，并且她认出了科尔比脸上的疲惫。
tr	O	有木板铺就通往另一边的路，并且我踩上去的时候地板在我脚下摇晃。
tr	O	我想说更多，但是他太生气了，我害怕他会做什么。
tr	O	墙上的钟默默地走着，但是史蒂夫几乎看不到下方房间有什么变化。
tr	I	It only lasts for half a second but my gut tenses as those dark irises turn to appraise me .
tr	O	我的心仍在狂跳，并且我的呼吸也越来越急促。
tr	I	The two hideous guards came marching round to his side and he clapped his hands twice .
tr	I	Kelly began to feel some sense of normalcy for the first time in a long while , and the rest helped her body restore itself .
tr	O	教授们祝贺了他们的学生，并且每个人都走向了他们的小组，为周末做着计划。
tr	O	她尽力去在意杰克在说什么，但是这很难。
tr	I	It was very quick , but his mind was unformed .
tr	O	他向我挥拳，并且我闪开了。
tr	I	I can respect that , but he was always sarcastic .
tr	I	It is a stone , after all , and the Orb was very discontented with him .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but I opened the refrigerator , half hoping it would be fully stocked .
tr	I	We are inside a shop of some kind and Cat opens it .
tr	O	她的话听起来没错，但是感觉不对劲。
tr	I	I felt pretty stupid and I really couldn 't explain what had happened .
tr	I	He was already gazing down at me with open , questioning eyes , and I looked up at him .
tr	O	麦蒂来接替你了，但是你必须完成你的班次。
tr	I	He meant to keep it , and Anon made a promise to the Elf King .
tr	I	She wanted meat and it was Thursday .
tr	I	It was all I could give , but simple acknowledgement didn 't belong in that revered group .
tr	O	这是教师版，所以它看起来和你的有点不同，但是所有内容都在里面。
tr	I	I smiled anyway , but I didn 't think any of that was meant to be a compliment .
tr	O	凯蒂的脸上露出了灿烂的笑容，并且她拍了拍手。
tr	I	Percy hold her down , but Patty wanted to raise her hand .
tr	I	Knowing the inevitable was coming , yet she still hadn 't told her father , hiding Ian 's absence as best as she could .
tr	I	He crawled forward and Bastien 's head suddenly appeared on the other side of the bed .
tr	I	He wanted her , too and she wanted him so bad .
tr	O	我理平了他的衬衫，并且他理顺了我的头发。
tr	O	她来自佐治亚州，并且她非常喜欢番茄。
tr	I	She was even more aware of the man watching TV on her couch than Kate was , but Jane did her best to act indifferent .
tr	I	He was having difficulty not breaking down , and his thoughts were swirling .
tr	O	四个机器人占据了后端，并且另一个正在驾驶车辆。
tr	O	他瞥了一眼，但是她拒绝回答。
tr	I	The fire snake slammed into the ground where she had just been a second earlier and she rolled out of the way .
tr	O	他知道自己出了问题，但是他不信任他们中的任何一个。
tr	O	母亲已经睡着了，但是他催促她更深地坠入其魔爪。
tr	I	Now she was certain that her suspicions are true , but Selena had some vague guesses before .
tr	I	His eyes held the relish of a warrior facing a worthy opponent and the horse knew what he was going to be doing .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't good , but Persephone stared at me , her eyes burning with something I couldn 't identify .
tr	I	My lips yearn to be touched , and I stare at his cocoa eyes .
tr	I	We 'd both get punished and she would wait .
tr	I	The car pulled forward and the second door opened .
tr	O	紧张离开了她的身体，并且她瘫坐在了座位上。
tr	I	Colette thought hard , and I asked curiously .
tr	I	Kenneth Callahan blocked her path , but she turned to walk away .
tr	I	Celeste got there first but Howie almost knocked over Dianna in his rush to get to Alex 's side .
tr	O	悲伤像冰冷的湖水一样将我淹没，并且我喘不过气来。
tr	O	火势燃料已耗尽，并且微光逐渐减弱。
tr	O	当他们转向夕阳时，他能看到主星，并且它的颜色不对劲。
tr	I	He knew he had his work cut out for him , and she still hadn 't so much as glanced at him .
tr	O	当莎娜和布拉德交往时，她什么都没说，并且她现在也不会干涉。
tr	O	一对夫妇仍在等待护照回家，但是他们很快就会拿到。
tr	I	Her fingers start fumbling with my belt buckle and she 's panting into my mouth .
tr	I	I melted against the ground , feeling wonderful y overwhelmed , and his lips planted tiny kisses from my ear to my col ar bone .
tr	O	他没再说什么，但是他也没必要。
tr	O	凯看着她的姨妈，对她的话感到惊讶，但是还没等她回应，她的父亲就走进了房间。
tr	I	A chance should that happen and give them a life .
tr	I	Word got out , but Recruiting got difficult so the company tried to keep talk of the deaths down .
tr	O	他的表情变得凶狠，并且他咬紧了牙关。
tr	O	我怕我会哭出来，并且我不想那样做。
tr	I	He blew by everyone in the left lane , but there was the usual heavy dose of traffic .
tr	I	It was too dark to see much of anything else but he could see a man standing at the back rail .
tr	O	她会杀人，并且那感觉会很好。
tr	O	警员把我放了下来，并且我重重地跪倒在地。
tr	O	这并没有让血涌上她的脸颊，但是这却让血从她的嘴唇褪去。
tr	O	他们的脚步声吵醒了扎克，并且他动了动。
tr	I	He stared at Emma with twinkling , unblinking hazel eyes , and Thayer laughed louder than necessary .
tr	I	Swimsuits were always dangerous ground , but I tried not to let it bother me .
tr	I	He quickly returned and the first such excursion proved quiet .
tr	O	她前几天刚染了色，并且她不知道自己喜不喜欢。
tr	O	我下次见到她时，她已经不戴订婚戒指了，但是我对此并不怪她。
tr	I	He was down now , but Sir Richard was furious .
tr	I	She was the only parent I 'd ever need , and I had my mother .
tr	O	几辆车来了，并且派对也变得热闹起来，就像人们的声音越来越响亮一样。
tr	I	He couldn 't miss the sound , but since he was watching the door the whole time , he missed the visuals .
tr	I	He nodded stiffly , but Michael 's lips thinned .
tr	I	I had to help her up the stairs and she was pretty plastered .
tr	I	Competition might have been an understatement , and Jon knew the man 's reputation .
tr	O	泰勒的衣服堆在一台洗衣机上，并且她裹着浴袍紧紧地站在那里。
tr	O	锯子撕得更深了，并且我感觉到血顺着我的腿流下来。
tr	O	眼泪开始顺着我的脸流下来，并且我扑向了马歇尔。
tr	I	Watching , but he was watching the family he 'd done everything in the world to keep safe .
tr	O	她的头发也吹拂着她的脸，并且泰莎被提醒夏洛特是多么年轻。
tr	O	利亚姆用手遮住了脸，并且康纳把手放在了他的肩膀上。
tr	I	You take the coach all the way home , and I 'll walk across the fields .
tr	I	I quickly held my hand still , but I was about to touch it .
tr	O	大学本是我接下来最想去的地方，但是那对我来说根本不可能。
tr	O	接着她妈妈嫁给了她的继父，并且现在没有人想对她说什么。
tr	I	That 's when the clarity hits , and our emotions are reflections of one another .
tr	I	Not something I would go out of my way to avoid , but it wasn 't unpleasant , a little uncomfortable perhaps .
tr	I	No thanks are necessary , and your welfare comes before my own .
tr	O	我认为她可能有点疯了，但是却碰巧发现了一个我以前从未认识到的真相。
tr	O	乔伊问到底怎么了，但是我只是耸了耸肩。
tr	O	双胞胎走近了，在莎拉身上投下长长的影子，并且他们就扑向了她。
tr	O	上面什么也没写，但是正如艾弗刚刚指示的，我需要往里面看，所以我就照做了。
tr	O	林迪的声音打断了他的沉思，并且他抬起目光与她对视。
tr	O	她还没有足够的练习来自己做，但是她记住了他的指示。
tr	O	各种可能性在他脑海中飞速掠过，但是它们似乎都陷入了令人沮丧的死胡同。
tr	I	We 'll hunt that damn Bear until we find it and we leave this morning .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and eyes were on me .
tr	I	Even her favorite chocolate truffles had lost their appeal and Sleep was hard won .
tr	I	She nodded , and her eyes remained closed .
tr	O	然后他一只手环住她，钻进她大腿之间，找到了她的阴蒂，摩擦了一次，两次，并且她高潮了。
tr	I	This kept McBride awake , and Ben was snoring quietly .
tr	O	他慢慢地看了一遍，但是他什么也没看见。
tr	I	We climbed in the back seat of the car , and once he gave me the go ahead , I went outside .
tr	O	我会一直照顾我的家人，但是我从没出去寻找需要被拯救的女人。
tr	O	她的衬衫微微上掀，并且他的手放在她裸露的腹部。
tr	O	我的衣服沾满了血，并且那不是我的。
tr	O	他是一名警察，并且警察都受过训练能注意到事情。
tr	O	练习就是练习，并且我在这里是球队队长。
tr	O	她的声音很讽刺，但是她的笑容却更大了。
tr	I	His reply was as hard as ever , but Louisa saw him draw one quick breath .
tr	I	I exhaled , and I looked at the little guy in front of me , who looked excited at the prospect of starting school .
tr	I	I don 't want to be on the other end of it , and she 's got an angry gleam in her eye .
tr	I	It was too late , but the phantom tried to halt its forward charge .
tr	I	She glared right back and Matt glared at her .
tr	I	The airstrip 's already locked up by Flattery 's boys but they tell us we 're going by air .
tr	O	如果他努力去思考，他就能看到她真实年龄的真相，并且这就像鲁斯不再是他的母亲一样了。
tr	I	Their talk turned to the farm , and it seemed to satisfy the other .
tr	O	他想为之前没接电话而道歉，但是他并不感到抱歉。
tr	I	Derrick tried the fish and I opted for the venison .
tr	O	他弓着背坐在躺椅的边缘，并且突然我有了另一个主意。
tr	O	我低着头，跑到莉娜身边，并且我告诉她我为她平安无事感到多么高兴。
tr	O	如果卡莉能得到一个肝脏，卡莉想，但是她没有力气说出来。
tr	O	一旦我们再次独处，他凶狠的神情消退了，并且他叹了口气靠了回去。
tr	O	她是用身体的另一部分在看，而不是用眼睛，并且那些颜色留在了她的脑海里。
tr	O	他尝起来像香料，并且她对他的抚摸爱不释手。
tr	O	那些面板间隔很远，并且每个大约有二十英尺长，这让房间有了一种科尔顿觉得非常吸引人的开放感。
tr	I	The man ran into the woods , and it had the desired reaction , though .
tr	I	Everyone gets to chill out , and there 's no lessons .
tr	I	They piled into the backseat and Gregor flagged down a cab .
tr	I	He didn 't like smoking in a bar , but he didn 't know why .
tr	O	你感觉太大了，并且我似乎没有感受到我应该感受到的任何东西。
tr	O	他的眼镜歪斜地戴在他的鼻子上，并且这让他看起来有点狂躁。
tr	O	他能感受到她内心的紧张，但是她拒绝采取行动。
tr	O	我不知道发生了什么，但是我不想当着他们的面问凯莉。
tr	O	他的头发吸收了上方蓝色聚光灯的颜色，并且以一种超凡脱俗的方式突出他。
tr	I	They all connected with me one after the other and he explained to the rest of the offense what needed to be done .
tr	I	No one spoke when it was over , and no one breathed for fifteen seconds .
tr	I	Shelton wouldn 't be surprised and Sounds like the whole back wall is falling apart .
tr	O	三扇门打开了，并且三名警察走了出来。
tr	O	把手拍打着水面，并且盒子漂走了。
tr	O	我为没有追她而道歉，并且艾伦夫人说没关系。
tr	O	不知为何，我期待她说“镜像”，但是她没有。
tr	O	我只尝他所尝的，并且我只闻他所闻的。
tr	I	Wrung her hands and his mother paced .
tr	O	我们的目光相遇，并且一种奇怪而紧绷的张力在我们之间弥漫。
tr	O	我感到后悔，但是我知道道歉包含着改变行为的愿望。
tr	I	Most of them didn 't seem to mind , but it was long , bloody labor .
tr	O	经济对当地农民不利，并且日子很艰难。
tr	I	The entire world would follow , and Henry , however , would be the first person Cronus ripped apart .
tr	O	光线透过百叶窗的缝隙透进来，但是他只睡了三个半小时。
tr	O	我再次感谢了她，并且我们离开了沙龙。
tr	I	I figured a guy like Phelps was chronically late , but half an hour earlier than planned .
tr	O	好的，所以她注意到了，但是这并不意味着什么。
tr	O	她还活着，并且这都是她的错。
tr	I	Chagall was a new experience and dining beneath an original Picasso .
tr	I	Also something Ainsley didn 't understand and his eyes held anger .
tr	I	She dismissed that very firmly , but they , of course , wanted to know how it was going with Fletcher .
tr	O	我知道先生死了，并且我认为约书亚也死了。
tr	O	艾米丽想说钱对她不重要，但是既然她一直都得考虑钱的问题，钱对她确实很重要。
tr	O	他的手松开了她的手，但是他没有让她走。
tr	I	No ordinary owl should have been out hunting in the daytime , and that particular form of attack is highly unusual for the snowy owl .
tr	O	这一切都显得如此真实，并且我无力阻止这一切的发生。
tr	O	凯西等到他停止挣扎，并且他的眼睛变得黯淡，在她拔出她的幸运木桩之前。
tr	I	I froze , and my heart stopped in my chest .
tr	I	She was on her feet in seconds , racing across the room to her brother , and Will rol ed sideways , freeing her .
tr	I	Those closest to him noticed something that he may not have but Thomas trained hard as usual .
tr	I	Then I was seated , and our footsteps echoed against a hardwood floor .
tr	O	为我最终的流放做计划是我能做过的最好的事情，但是这意味着我一直都知道他迟早会这样做。
tr	O	我刚把目光移开，火车就几乎立刻开始减速，并且我又迅速抬起头来。
tr	O	最高的男人手搭在紧急手柄上，但是突然间喷气式飞机开始趋于平稳。
tr	O	他描摹着小鹿斑比鼻孔周围的精致鳞片，并且当我颤抖时，他的目光抬起，捕捉住了我的目光。
tr	O	洛根打了我胳膊一下，并且我转身看向他。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how to feel , and my heart was running marathon again .
tr	I	The second LED turned green , and he punched in a code .
tr	I	Sorrow had overwhelmed her and she wept as if she would never stop , as if regret .
tr	I	I had to , but I didn 't want to continue swimming .
tr	I	He hadn 't tried again , and she hadn 't called back .
tr	O	她问我，并且我不确切知道该怎么回答。
tr	I	I don 't want to seem desperate , but I can 't afford to say no .
tr	O	勇者们被吸引去做这样的事情，但是我提到过，我并不勇敢。
tr	O	他问，并且她耸了耸肩。
tr	O	垂死的叶子气味弥漫在空气中，并且凉风轻抚我的脸颊。
tr	I	Perhaps that was just my imagination , but I 'm sure some sparkle of gold flew between our mouths .
tr	I	Its brightness was too great , but he looked into the sun .
tr	O	如果她的奶奶出了事而她又不在场，她会非常懊悔。
tr	I	The freezers of frozen goods are and we run along to the last aisle , where the dairy fridges .
tr	I	They wore special tags on their jackets , and only experienced skiers were allowed to ski Little Hellion .
tr	I	Got pulled off her feet by the handcuffs linking them together and Kai wasn 't as fast .
tr	O	艾米丽抓住了迈克尔的手，并且他们又走回了外面。
tr	O	他对她眨了眨眼，并且她意识到他是在告诉她放下这件事。
tr	I	Max watched as color began to seep back into her face , and she placed her hands on it , closed her weary eyes .
tr	O	他的身体从头到脚都发麻，并且他的头感觉像在旋转。
tr	I	It was lion versus lioness , and Edward shifted , too , as they closed on each other .
tr	O	我想检查他的头部伤口，但是没有时间了。
tr	O	她的心跳加速，并且她的呼吸不规律。
tr	I	They were searching , and I met his eyes .
tr	O	詹姆斯不牵我的手，并且我也不去牵他的。
tr	O	我父亲说，没门儿，并且我母亲说，想象一下那会是什么样子。
tr	O	他利用他的好相貌来得到他想要的东西，并且今天这意味着要搞定她。
tr	I	He sounded more pleased than concerned , but the guy said .
tr	O	她在床上弓起身子，并且他知道他已经征服了她。
tr	I	As far as I was concerned it was none of his business , but I couldn 't blame Robert for wanting to know about my past .
tr	O	强壮的臂膀环抱着她，并且夏娃挣扎了片刻，然后才将他皮肤熟悉的味道吸入肺中。
tr	I	Katie bounded in that direction to answer it , and the telephone in the living room rang sharply .
tr	O	诺克斯的父亲是最后一位尝试这项壮举的军需官，并且他成功了。
tr	O	我示意他把它们移开，但是他故意忽略了我。
tr	I	My breath hitched in my throat , and James swallowed .
tr	O	他们都准备好了，并且德里克坚持早上开他的车。
tr	O	声音很陌生，并且命令很反常。
tr	I	If I missed I 'd be an easy target , and I 'd get only one shot .
tr	I	He had to get Stewart first but he knew he had to get back to the Conduit .
tr	I	It seemed I was confirming whatever their worst suspicion had been and I felt them look at each other .
tr	I	His finger hadn 't pulled the trigger , but Reid was responsible .
tr	O	皮克福德看着他离开然后掀开了盒子盖子，并且丹尼尔看到了他的钱买了什么。
tr	I	It was fascinating , from a scientific standpoint , but the countess failed the attempt .
tr	O	我知道你害怕和我在一起会迷失自我，但是那是不可能的。
tr	I	It felt good and it felt different .
tr	O	我们的宗旨植根于军事经济，并且军事经济的目的是权力。
tr	O	杰森设法掩饰了他的笑容，但是他的眼睛里仍然闪烁着幽默的光芒。
tr	O	他一直在做一些研究，但是像你这样的东西从未存在过。
tr	I	A void had opened in her stomach , and she couldn 't seem to get her breath .
tr	I	I looked around for Reina and we walked back into the gym .
tr	I	Definitely never that rudely , and I 'd never seen him push anyone away .
tr	I	When two more people showed up , standing behind Jess , she wondered what would happen when the elevator doors opened and the minutes moved like hours .
tr	I	Both of his front legs are clearly broken , and he is lying on his side , panting .
tr	O	门开了，并且他不知怎的设法取出了钥匙，没有把它折断在锁里。
tr	I	Something was not right here , but I didn 't know what .
tr	I	A gush of water raced up to meet the falling gemstone , and Finn raised his hand with his palm facing down also .
tr	O	安格斯发出一声吠叫般的笑声，并且后面的鼾声突然停了。
tr	O	他在那黏稠的东西里感到幽闭恐惧，并且他讨厌从雾中传来的阴险耳语。
tr	O	她的心揪紧了，并且凯莉真希望她知道他的名字，这样她就能帮助他。
tr	O	我轻轻地抚过他胸口上的隆起的疤痕，并且他颤抖了一下。
tr	O	弓箭手已经拉开了他们的箭，并且剑士们准备好了他们的剑，因为攻击感觉迫在眉睫。
tr	I	She felt she should warn Gerald , but Tara was about to turn away .
tr	O	他的左臂紧紧地把我钳在他身上，并且他的右臂毕竟在喂我。
tr	I	It just never seemed the right time , but I wanted to tell you every day .
tr	O	她的驾驶舱已按照她喜欢的方式重新配置，并且她小心翼翼地把各种武器存放在舱壁内。
tr	I	He hadn 't rolled over either , but maybe he hadn 't committed completely .
tr	O	加洛看起来很生气，但是他还是顺从地坐了下来。
tr	O	警察告诉她她没有做错任何事，但是她仍然紧张得发抖。
tr	I	She didn 't care , but his chest hair tickled her nose .
tr	I	It was definitely moving and something was there .
tr	O	当她结束通话时，已经是午夜前，并且我真的感觉好了一点，持续了几分钟。
tr	O	这次航行中海浪特别汹涌，而且一些乘客今天感觉不适。
tr	O	迈克最后一次向上冲刺，并且她听到他嘴里发出她的名字，和他一起达到了高潮。
tr	I	I do the only thing I can do , and Aston raises an eyebrow .
tr	O	你是个坚强的女孩，而且你战胜了这一切。
tr	O	所有人随即欢呼起来，并且小樱笑了，眼里含着泪水。
tr	O	妮可的脸皱了起来，尽管她已竭尽全力，但是这无关紧要，因为她跑向了她。
tr	I	We were long gone and his cabin was empty .
tr	O	那是我自己会喜欢去的地方，并且我本以为它会吸引更高端的客户。
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but I didn 't know if he was the same man I heard speaking to Travis earlier .
tr	I	The she-wolf relaxed , and I did the same .
tr	O	我不是世界上最棒的厨师，而且凯莉的酪乳热松饼是我尝过最好的。
tr	O	雅娜开始被食物噎住，并且我迅速拍她的背。
tr	O	她的朋友们仍然几乎没有意识，但是仅仅待在她们身边就感觉很好，滋养着她体内沉睡数月的部分。
tr	O	的确，他想让萨姆知道他是她的叔叔，但是他一直乐于等待合适的时机。
tr	I	If he was out to hurt someone , she didn 't want to be in his path , but if he was harmless , no harm done .
tr	I	Now she wondered if he did so every morn before she woke , but T was the first time she 'd seen him using the scrolls .
tr	O	她迅速尝试在精神上勾住他，但是她为此付出了小小的代价。
tr	O	维恩是个瘦小的家伙，但是当她燃烧锡时，她会比任何普通战士强壮数倍。
tr	I	My chest tightened , and I thought of Owen .
tr	I	It was too late -- but two hours later , he stepped off the elevator .
tr	I	The feel of Colin 's gaze branding her back , and she started for her work area , ignoring the curious stares .
tr	I	One could never be quite sure , but the girl didn 't look dangerous .
tr	I	He was fully clothed and he had a large gold watch .
tr	O	约瑟芬专注于切断电源，但是什么也没发生。
tr	I	She was rubbing her elbows and she had folded her arms .
tr	O	他太害怕了不敢尝试我，并且我知道。
tr	O	我甚至拿出那张小手帕纸条，但是上面没有其他字了。
tr	I	The moment went beyond street theater to touch something true , and a Smetana sonata soared off Mik 's violin strings , achingly sweet .
tr	O	杰斯看着他走开，并且她从柜台跳了下来。
tr	O	他本来可以去任何他想去的学校，因为他很擅长打球，但是他留在了本地。
tr	O	我自食其力，并且我可以在任何地方工作。
tr	O	我本不想这样做直到我们聊过，但是你躺在那里，如此美丽。
tr	I	He barely moved , but she shoved against him .
tr	O	西尔维亚将目光与我的平齐，并且我吞了口水。
tr	O	他跑得像个运动员，并且马科斯知道他根本无法跟上，更不用说抓住他了。
tr	I	She knew who she was , but Rand might believe what he was saying .
tr	I	When she was through , she was breathing hard , unable to relax , and she hung up without saying good-bye .
tr	O	迦勒拖着小车在他身后，一次也没有看她，但是她的直觉告诉她他没有生气。
tr	I	I saw what I wanted to see , but he told me it wasn 't there .
tr	O	我们慢慢挪向窗台，但是我没有碰它。
tr	O	我穿上外套时，安德鲁正盯着我，并且我意识到这个变化他也注意到了。
tr	I	It was more than I could 've hoped for , and he was mine again at last .
tr	I	Anita was having none of it but I tried my best to say upbeat .
tr	O	她沉默了许久，并且我担心我说错了话。
tr	O	一只手抓住了我的脚，并且我踢了起来，喘着气，拼命抓挠地板。
tr	I	I can 't remember , but I should know the name for it .
tr	O	灵魂觉得他们简直无法抗拒，并且为了引起这些人的注意，灵魂会施展各种把戏。
tr	I	He had integrity , and he was smart , honest , good-looking .
tr	I	I didn 't bother , but I could have dredged up plenty of traumas of my own .
tr	I	Private ground cars mostly seemed to be for the lower class , but there was a tram that zoomed along at the far lane .
tr	I	We don 't want to go that way , but the quickest way is back towards those flames .
tr	O	她叹了口气，并且她的肩膀塌了下来，在她转过身时。
tr	O	他的球棒对他来说太大了，并且他专注得都皱起了眉头。
tr	I	I wasn 't going to sabotage her , but I may have been jealous of Isabella 's beauty .
tr	I	Three times he noticed the same man , and from time to time he turned suddenly to see a view worth painting .
tr	O	我试图挣脱，但是他不肯放手。
tr	I	I 'm just so curious , but not that I have a problem with your age .
tr	O	我知道这是错的，但是我情不自禁。
tr	O	她爬上座位，并且他关上了她身后的门。
tr	I	Instead the hushed whispers of Aunt Marilyn met her ears , but Sophie expected to hear her father 's voice .
tr	O	我的眼角开始泛泪，但是我没有让自己哭出来。
tr	I	She would get into trouble , and people would notice , of course .
tr	I	As trust began to build , a friendship was born , but at first their conversations were strained .
tr	O	我不是那种性爱后会睡着的人，但是那次之后我似乎彻底昏睡过去了。
tr	O	她漫无边际地说着，并且声音渐渐低了下去。
tr	O	我花了九年时间回答这些问题，并且我想露丝会很高兴的。
tr	O	卢坎沉浸在埃默里的窃取魔法中，并且我深呼吸，努力让自己镇定下来。
tr	I	Some of the controls were not responding , and parts of the simulator were shutting down .
tr	I	She wasn 't an idiot , but Joni may have led a sheltered life .
tr	O	他们住在南卡罗来纳州的某个地方，并且他们的姓氏是琼斯。
tr	I	After filling out some paperwork , we see the doctor five minutes later and there is no one else there .
tr	I	I answered anyway , but I wasn 't sure I wanted to talk about this .
tr	O	我有点兴奋他会那样喜欢我，但是话又说回来，我心里很清楚。
tr	O	就计划而言，这并非是“D日”，但是这是最好的下一步。
tr	O	杰姆对她的迷恋打消了这个念头，并且说实话，他自己也开始关心这个女孩了。
tr	I	He had to throw in one more step , but I was so close to getting the answers I needed .
tr	O	我带回家的那些不同的女人都不合适，并且尽管她们在性方面令人满意，但她们让我极度渴望更多。
tr	O	他骇人听闻的指控加剧了刺激，并且我加快了速度，直到那种感觉无法忍受。
tr	I	It was too late , but instantly she looked down at her skates , trying to get back into rhythm .
tr	I	It had already almost pulled up to unload , and he fell into the van more than anything .
tr	I	She was sure it held some meaning she wasn 't able to pick up on , and his gaze was intense .
tr	I	He couldn 't form a coherent thought and Miles ' mouth gaped .
tr	I	It was hard to avoid , especially with Jake sitting behind it , but Kim tried to look anywhere but at that big steel desk .
tr	O	她坐下来阅读它，并且她能感觉到凯文在仔细地看着她。
tr	I	The powder blue Mercedes ahead of them let out a chirp , and she squeezed it .
tr	O	我们绕过了一些旧桌子，并且我看到一个年轻人躺在地板上。
tr	I	He spoke many languages but he was not only a renowned marksman .
tr	I	You know how Fate loves to mess with people , but you won 't believe this ?
tr	I	He left and I patted him on the shoulder .
tr	O	有一些知名客人，并且我只是去露个面。
tr	I	We walk hand in hand and she smiles up at me .
tr	I	Carina could afford the expense and it was the fastest way I knew to win such arguments .
tr	O	他不理解它，但是他母亲会希望他读它，所以为了纪念她他读了它。
tr	I	I had been feeling so good too , and damn .
tr	I	This time it was more stunned than angry , but Disbelief returned to Neil 's features .
tr	O	他看起来不像一个病人，但是他看起来很像一个死人。
tr	I	Reassigning her to protect his own ass was asking for enough trouble as it was , and Continuing anything now was asking for trouble .
tr	I	It backfired , but Bruce thought it was a good idea , too .
tr	I	It 's my turn to hiss and he rocks his h * ps into me .
tr	O	仿佛过了一个世纪班纳特才喘了口气，但是我立刻为他失去舌头而悲伤。
tr	O	我知道你没有，但是感觉就是那样。
tr	O	他非常喜欢拖拉机以及和科尔特一起开它们。
tr	I	The other was free , but one of her arms was pinned to her side .
tr	I	His lips touched mine , and I lifted my chin .
tr	O	任何地方可能都没有安全，但是她必须尝试。
tr	I	It was too blurry but I studied the reflection .
tr	I	There was virtually no chance to pursue the question privately but she wondered about it as they mixed with the others .
tr	I	The fog remained dense , but Eleanor tried to see what she did .
tr	I	His eyes widened as he realized that it was me , and Owen looked to see who the dwarf was waving at .
tr	I	This was something far different , but she expected to find a dark , forgotten room .
tr	O	我们已经和村庄的其他部分合并了，并且没有比这更好的方式来隐身了。
tr	O	看着他，我搜寻他的眼睛，但是它们并没有揭示我未说出口问题的答案。
tr	I	I knocked her to the ground and she let go of my hand .
tr	I	He knew he 'd miss her , and he 'd never see her again .
tr	O	我指着电话，无声地念出昆顿，并且她的眼睛瞪大了，停在我面前。
tr	O	海拔高度也正在上升，并且他开始爬上一小段斜坡。
tr	I	It , too , only lasted a second , but he brushed the back of his hand against my cheek .
tr	I	He let us pass , eying us skeptically and Avalon gave the Guard our names .
tr	O	玛雅试图看清发生了什么，但是舰长挡住了她的视线。
tr	O	丹妮问道，并且他耸了耸肩。
tr	O	卡特举起了他的酒杯，并且伊森也跟着照做了。
tr	O	我们知道，并且粉丝们也知道。
tr	O	我们在一分钟内到达了24楼，并且我母亲领着路沿着走廊走去。
tr	I	He knew about supernaturals , but the doctor was human .
tr	I	I knew he was going to charge Andrew again , and Daemon 's light flared brighter .
tr	I	We began to stroll toward the gardens at the very back of the school property and he gave me a devilish smile .
tr	I	Then they disappeared , and there were small slot windows for a while .
tr	I	She didn 't say anything , but her body tensed at that .
tr	O	从35号抓住22号手臂的那一刻起，她就在抗议，并且他却不理她。
tr	I	Her gloved hands reached out to skim over the wound on his neck , and she put down the small light .
tr	O	他试图坐起来，但是他的右腿麻木了。
tr	I	We held hands as we sang and I joined her in the chorus .
tr	I	Now he is a demon , and that caused him to fall .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell for sure because of how dark it was , but he was looking at me with what appeared to be a sheepish expression .
tr	I	He heard her moaning , and her mouth was uncovered .
tr	I	He wasn 't worried about Eric , his grandson - but he was worried about his daughter , our mother .
tr	I	She tried not to shiver , and the metal was cool against her back , even through her leather jacket .
tr	I	By the look on her face , I can tell it 's bad , but I have no idea what I look like .
tr	O	她的声音很轻柔，但是她的认真毋庸置疑。
tr	O	她跟着他穿过中殿到耳堂，并且他随后爬进了一个空壁龛。
tr	O	听到他的问题，她的胃有点翻腾，但是她仍然不明白。
tr	I	I had no answers , but questions filled my mind .
tr	O	他拿起酒，并且我一屁股坐在他面前的桌子上。
tr	O	整个队伍突然停了下来，并且警惕的目光开始四处游移。
tr	O	派对是一个年度传统，并且我从未感到困扰。
tr	O	这花了几分钟，但是很快，第二艘穿梭机就被修好了。
tr	O	天也很冷，并且我讨厌黑暗在我身后那种感觉，就像一张等待落下的网。
tr	O	引擎噪音略微减小，并且飞机下降了几米，打断了他的注意力。
tr	O	他的笑容展开，并且他眨了眨眼。
tr	O	我们进了车库，并且我拿出了我的工具箱。
tr	I	I felt like one , and I stood up like an old woman .
tr	I	People don 't realize they have it but it 's a very common psychic ability .
tr	O	她很容易咬人，并且她的声音有时在我还没说完话之前就厉声回答我。
tr	O	她抱怨着，并且奶奶拍了拍她身旁的椅子。
tr	O	他的脸上充满喜悦，但是他的语气很严肃。
tr	O	她抬头看了我们一眼，并且我感到一阵强烈的占有欲。
tr	O	我想我可以在一家快餐店找份工作，但是即使是那些工作也不像以前那么容易找到了。
tr	O	那个卑鄙的混蛋已经悄悄地潜回我的脑海，吞噬着我，并且我愚蠢的心就是无法停止爱他。
tr	I	She finally agrees to allow me to help her , but Nicole is a little unsure about playing for us .
tr	O	迈克尔转向房子，并且艾莉森跟了上去。
tr	I	I was willing to try , but I didn 't think so .
tr	I	He 's wearing sunglasses and it 's after ten .
tr	O	我没有词语可以说，并且重复“惊讶”还不够好。
tr	I	Charges dropped and the senator 's son who 'd been arrested for the rape of Vanessa Rothman was released .
tr	O	他把我抱在怀里，并且感觉我们是相连的。
tr	O	她的身体不强壮，但是充满了虚假的力气。
tr	I	Something just wasn 't resonating , but there was a definite familiarity .
tr	O	她仍然能听到房间里传来的喧哗，因为护士和医生正试图让她苏醒。
tr	O	他的表情阴沉下来，并且我忽视了那刺痛我胸口的内疚。
tr	O	他眼中深处燃烧着一丝渴望，并且这让我感到恶心。
tr	O	需要一个团队，并且它被组建起来了。
tr	O	我们工作时我根本没和加文说话，并且当我们擦肩而过时他几乎没看我一眼。
tr	I	UR nose will grow just like Pinocchio 's or U should quit making things up .
tr	I	It made them love him even more and during the night he posted a comment .
tr	O	卢卡斯笑了，但是那笑容并不会像裘德的笑容那样让她的心狂跳不已。
tr	I	Her words were more like a whimper , but she tried to sound light , funny .
tr	O	房间突然开始旋转，并且黑点开始干扰她的视线。
tr	O	莉亚劝我放弃了盘发，并且我们转而选择了更自然的造型。
tr	O	他仍在街头工作，并且他需要看起来就是如此。
tr	O	这是他第一次表现得像我的芬恩，而且这让我心碎。
tr	O	她的食指飞快地指向他的胸口，并且她气愤地往后一仰。
tr	O	他能听到我声音中的恐慌，但是我努力让自己的声音尽可能地坚强。
tr	O	没剩下多少了，但是你尽管拿去。
tr	I	I am afraid very few of us would like the whole thing , but each of us would like some bits of it .
tr	O	他知道真相，而且这让我很恼火。
tr	O	一通电话引出了另一通，并且一位前同事被找到，他正在一所私立学校担任升学顾问。
tr	I	It still bothered me that she hadn 't answered the phone , and she was my friend .
tr	I	Then his arm dropped back to his side , and his thumb moved to my trembling lips .
tr	O	他的笑容消逝了，并且沉重感又回来了。
tr	I	We separated , and the song ended .
tr	I	It never seems to stop , but I thought maybe I 'd get over the craziness .
tr	O	我走向洗手间，思索着那里的细菌毒性有多大，但是我的膀胱替我做了决定。
tr	O	他的爪子搭在我身上，并且他亲吻着我的脸。
tr	I	I 'll drive you back myself , all right , and we 'll just have one drink .
tr	I	She remains vexed , but I grin excitedly .
tr	O	他们距离很远，在一个遥远的山谷里，但是他能足够清楚地看到他们。
tr	I	Slide onto the stool next to him , and I skirt around the kitchen bar , slowly .
tr	I	In order to correct the illusion that he existed , he had been attacked , and that alone had been contradiction .
tr	I	His expression was hard steel as he addressed everyone , and he had gone from pleasure to business in the blink of an eye .
tr	I	She could not but Kira pushed her head against the door , longing to make out the words exchanged .
tr	I	A sudden rush of clarity flooded my body and I heard the door to the stairwell bang open .
tr	O	几分钟内他们就回到了他出发的地方，并且梅尔罗斯正在给他倒酒。
tr	I	At a time when not much did , that was enough to practically make Sawyer family to her , and Sawyer made me smile .
tr	I	Now he had trouble concentrating on anything , and he had thought of her in bed , the shower , the taxi .
tr	I	He knew that deep pressure could put her to sleep , and he could see the thin blue veins traced here .
tr	I	I 'd have put any number of credits on her fighting , but they might have challenged her .
tr	O	他的笑容消失了，并且他的眼睛黯淡下来。
tr	I	Red , thin tears dropped to her cheeks , and Imogen looked down .
tr	I	I 'll go somewhere warm , how about that and I 'll tell you what , you help them ?
tr	O	现在，我不认为我准备好了，但是这是我的选择。
tr	O	我从未告诉过你，但是我一直都是这么想的。
tr	I	His eyes said something entirely different , but his posture said he didn 't care , not anymore .
tr	O	一阵剧痛穿过她的头部，并且她咬紧了牙关。
tr	I	They had to be dead by now , but they may still be frozen , immobile statues .
tr	O	他告诉他们这是因为没有人是完美的，并且在婚姻中，两个不完美的人结合在一起。
tr	I	Sarah could tell Mike 's words were a balm to him , but John nodded solemnly .
tr	I	Their interpretation of the same holy books led them to be passive , yet thousands were killed , including many who believed in the same deity .
tr	I	She scowled at him and her head came up .
tr	I	They were walking to school together , and because they went to bed early the previous day , even Megan got up on time .
tr	I	For an instant he was clearly visible , and the crowd shifted .
tr	I	It hurt and I shook my head .
tr	O	他们无法说出船上有多少加拿大人，但是确实有数百人。
tr	O	任何一支正常的军队在走这样一条路之前都会三思，但是洛长毫不犹豫地登上了那条饱经风霜的小路。
tr	I	I should have lied , but I hadn 't said one word that was a lie .
tr	O	阿什知道这将让他付出代价，并且想知道他需要多长时间才能恢复过来。
tr	I	I tried to make you see that , too , and I guess I wanted to see it that way .
tr	I	She just waved at me , but I fiercely motioned her back .
tr	I	He found he had no desire to go back , and it had been a while since his last visit .
tr	O	那不是正常的，也不是假的，尤其不是那种恶臭……怎么回事？
tr	I	I unconsciously lean away from her , and a light ignites in her eyes , an eerie , unnatural light .
tr	O	他的手松了一瞬，并且我得到了我需要的那半英寸。
tr	O	她仍然感到筋疲力尽，但是肾上腺素对她有所帮助。
tr	O	她把手放在臀部，并且他觉得这个姿势该死地性感。
tr	I	Levi was seventeen and judas was sixteen .
tr	O	他指了她的照片一次，并且那是最后一次了。
tr	O	看不到水牛，但是至少有一个宜人的露营地。
tr	O	她看着他们的时候，他们也看向她，并且一股寒意深入克莱尔的骨髓。
tr	I	Stavros looked at his friend with renewed respect , and the meaning behind Damen 's words sunk in .
tr	O	他笑了，并且那些诱人的深纹突然从他的鼻子到他那薄而灵活的嘴角呈括号状显现出来。
tr	I	It failed to register , but a voice said something .
tr	I	These stayed clear of Nathan 's band , but they had seen some locals recently .
tr	O	艾米丽脸上露出无声的喘息，但是我无法阻止她往下看。
tr	I	Her breath caught , and she looked forward .
tr	I	Kristin bowed her head and the wind kicked up .
tr	O	有一瞬间，他以为她已经走了，但是随后她的手握住了他的手。
tr	I	Then settles on humor , but he hesitates as if weighing what to say .
tr	I	What happened didn 't really matter either way , but I would fight the world until the end out of spite .
tr	I	Her hand abruptly clenched on a tissue , and Iliana looked down at the parchment scrap .
tr	O	他拿我开玩笑，并且我忽略了他。
tr	O	从某种程度上说，允许新鲜血液加入是有道理的，但是在一个飞地里永远不会做出有利的决定。
tr	I	The best part was I now knew the name of the book she held in her hands and she had come along nicely .
tr	I	Flung myself over the side and * * * * * Chapter Twenty-One I took one step back then dashed forward .
tr	I	I slept all night long , no flash backs , no sweats , no screaming , nothing but pure blissful sleep and eventually I did drift off .
tr	I	I purposely avoid his eyes , and he pulls away from me .
tr	I	There is no way to draw power from a place where none grows , but the design was true .
tr	I	He was good at it , and Grahame Coats truly enjoyed milking the clients of the Grahame Coats Agency .
tr	O	警察在飞机降落时迎上了飞机，并且她被救护车带走了。
tr	O	我无意让语气听起来生硬，但是我已没有什么可以给他了。
tr	O	他问，并且我点头。
tr	I	She certainly didn 't want them mistreated , and they were her customers .
tr	I	A pizza pie charm stood out , but I certainly didn 't remember all of them .
tr	I	She gave it a push behind her back , and her blonde hair cascaded down to her hips .
tr	I	It made a real impression on me and I saw it when I was very , very young .
tr	I	Before he could say a word , I cut him off again , but he opened his mouth .
tr	O	我不确定他是否得到了安慰，但是他没有再抗议。
tr	O	科莱特的母亲曾拥有一家花店，并且科莱特在高中时期曾在那里工作。
tr	O	她走到离她小屋不远处的潺潺小溪旁，并且她跪在溪边用手舀水。
tr	I	You 'll not regret it I guarantee but you 've sure come a long way for your caffeine fix .
tr	O	清晨的最初迹象开始显现，当时天空放亮并且路灯熄灭。
tr	O	她试图避开视线，但是无法忽视那血液。
tr	O	你仍然是他们的宠儿，但是我预计这不会持续超过一周。
tr	I	We 're left with a group of approaching Crawlers and Dev disappears back away from the gates .
tr	I	I had no way of knowing if they ever reached safety , but I sent my wife east on horseback with my infant son .
tr	I	He appeared to be regaining control , but his breathing was still erratic .
tr	O	他感觉自己需要洗手、洗脸，但是他没有。
tr	I	She was having some trouble tying her shoe and her fingers trembled .
tr	O	她的手臂环绕在他的脖子上，并且他加深了吻。
tr	I	I didn 't have the heart to fire her , and Marcie hired one without even telling me years ago .
tr	O	我妈妈央求我重新考虑，但是我清楚自己想怎么过一生。
tr	I	It was nearly midday , and he had now been walking for about an hour .
tr	I	I gave myself up to it and Passion radiated between us like a furnace .
tr	I	Even from three feet away I could feel the heat they gave off , and they were glowing red .
tr	I	The metal of the table sprang up around my wrist and he flicked his fingers .
tr	O	我们得给他找个好名字，但是我不会现在就考虑。
tr	O	他曾向泰莎承诺他会回来，但是现在他发现自己只想逃离。
tr	I	I hear him leave the chair and I don 't respond .
tr	O	我看到她脸上的困惑，但是这还没有伴随着恐惧。
tr	I	He was wrong , but Evan thought there was some secret to happiness .
tr	O	罗布是她能称之为同事的最亲近的朋友了，而且她也不会特别想念那家伙。
tr	I	He repeated the question , and I said to Cronus .
tr	I	The images were stark but the signal was poor .
tr	O	乔斯林知道她本可以要一个打火机，但是她更喜欢这样。
tr	O	我们显然得更密切地关注他，但是从特丽娜脸上那受责备的表情来看，这不会再发生了。
tr	O	当我看到乔纳森的脸时我站了起来，并且当他发现我时他的眼睛亮了起来。
tr	O	我通过他的能量水平下降的方式知道了这一点，并且通过他嘟囔最后两个字的方式。
tr	I	I 'd still lose him , and he 'd find it unforgivable .
tr	I	Stefan 's was currently attached to his belt , and the pager all employees carried triggered the doorway .
tr	O	她不理解在他们最糟糕的时刻萌生的那种需求，但是那不重要。
tr	O	她散发出幸福感，并且这在她身上看起来很美。
tr	O	乔乔治好了你，并且现在一切都很好。
tr	I	Diego faced him down , but Eric 's eyes widened a little , the blaze of rage startling .
tr	O	她的精神是自由的，并且记忆不重要。
tr	I	He froze , and a board creaked under Cy 's feet .
tr	I	I stand blocking Junie , and the steel door creaks open .
tr	I	Kiran took his place next to me and I sat down on the other side of her .
tr	I	Dark fudge piled high atop a pewter plate , and a large tray appeared with ceramic mugs , one frothy pitcher .
tr	I	She understood now , but her head hurt with the effort of keeping up with his explanation .
tr	I	I tried to hide my disappointment , and Jack walked me to my room .
tr	O	我们走不远，但是街道像玻璃一样。
tr	O	她的皮肤泛着绿色，并且她摇摇晃晃地站着。
tr	I	We all sat down and I walked inside the rancho with them to the dinner table .
tr	O	诺亚看了我一眼，眉毛低垂着，并且我意识到他误解了我的沉默。
tr	I	We rode on in silence , and he said with a shudder .
tr	I	There 's the danger of losing the others the way you did your friend Morrison and their potential for great violence has already been proven .
tr	O	西娅拉很天真，并且他想让她保持那样。
tr	O	汽车加速了，并且几秒钟后他们就把广场甩在了后面。
tr	O	他的脸很沮丧，并且这是他第一次看起来真的内疚。
tr	I	She tried to reassure him , anyway , but she wasn 't certain what he meant .
tr	O	我知道我不该玩弄食物，但是我无法抗拒。
tr	O	这让船长病得很重，并且他很快就因为身体虚弱而卧床不起了。
tr	O	她放下一碗水，并且他也处理了那件事。
tr	I	They were continuing to navigate its successful completion to the FDA and now he had a study that proved how dangerous sedatives were .
tr	O	我努力不让它表现出来，但是恐惧在我心中涌起。
tr	I	He is stronger than me , but I struggle against his grip .
tr	I	The more useful the talent will be and the more you learn about controlling it , the safer we 'll both be .
tr	O	茉莉接过了水，但是她太不安了，无法饮用，尽管房子整洁如新。
tr	O	小木屋有三间在楼上的卧室，并且房子的其余部分是开放式布局。
tr	I	His company will be made up of our folks from Hancock and he 's going to have the job of security of the dam .
tr	O	查尔斯靠坐在椅子上，双脚搭在桌子上，闭着眼睛，这时他突然听到门开了。
tr	I	She placed his head down into the water , singing a wordless song , and his body slumped , held up by her hands .
tr	O	他全神贯注，并且他相信了。
tr	I	Getting close to you and it was always about you .
tr	I	That would come later , but the truth would have to be dealt with .
tr	I	I feel every part of it , and he 's in pain , hurting .
tr	I	He was a natural but he may have been a reluctant leader .
tr	I	Those features belied a constant good humor , but he looked severe .
tr	I	Nothing comes out , but I open my mouth to reply .
tr	O	她听起来几乎像一个迷路的孩子，但是也许那才是重点。
tr	O	那个小小的接待区勉强够大容纳他们所有人，但是Lynx找到了办法。
tr	O	有人试图帮助我，并且我不相信他们。
tr	I	His partner was now gone , and Viktor Kalen had no children .
tr	O	然后她找到了她给你做的一些愚蠢明信片，并且她又把它们打印出来了。
tr	O	当时一直在下雨，但是现在雨停了。
tr	O	他的话有道理，但是丹妮的心很痛。
tr	I	The weight on my chest lifted , and I sniffed .
tr	O	它亮了，并且电梯开始移动了。
tr	O	丹尼尔张开了嘴，但是服务员端着埃莉诺的摩卡咖啡的到来使他停了下来，直到那个女孩回到了餐馆里。
tr	I	It made her hair shine in sections that betrayed her real beauty and the sun was going down .
tr	I	Most of them were sick all the time , and they went through seven emperors in ninety years .
tr	O	当你把她抱进我们家的时候，她未婚夫的父母就在客厅里，并且他们已经解除了婚约谈判。
tr	O	河流在桥拱的阴影下流淌时变暗了，并且她无法看清桥下水中的任何东西。
tr	O	厨房里很热，并且我穿着夹克衫正在出汗。
tr	I	He dragged me toward the exit and his grip on my arm tightened .
tr	O	露比看起来真诚地很高兴见到我，并且我为没有早点过来感到有点内疚。
tr	I	She clenched her eyes shut , and Aisling 's voice caught in her throat .
tr	O	奥利弗也在那里，并且丹尼尔能看出他的朋友在担心特里做了什么。
tr	O	户外灯光形成紧密的光束，这意味着有些地方极其明亮，并且另一些地方仍然黑暗。
tr	O	话语在她舌尖形成，但是他用嘴唇让它们沉默。
tr	I	I could tell he was trying to control the angry hiss that amused me when it was brought on because of jealousy and his voice was tense .
tr	O	他终于明白了，并且他开始意识到自己的错误。
tr	I	He could not make the explanation ring true , but he wished to believe it was nothing more than the potent bloodlust that lay within every vampire .
tr	O	金姆回头看着贾里德，并且他露出了一个心照不宣的笑容。
tr	O	我们很快就到达了我的小屋，并且我们一路上没有说太多话。
tr	O	我绝不会那样对她，并且我绝不会那样利用她。
tr	I	Soon the whole hall is laughing like it 's the funniest thing they 've heard all year , and then someone down the front starts giggling .
tr	O	拉尔夫以为他了解我，而且他确实了解。
tr	I	I ripped it free , using my shoulder to shove past him and he squeezed my wrist harder .
tr	I	I 'm unsure if he even realizes he 's doing it , but he leans in , pressing his chest harder against my back .
tr	O	巨大的压力能压碎你的骨头，并且你身体的每一寸都像被丢进酸液桶里一样灼烧。
tr	O	门开了，并且一个人进来了。
tr	O	他需要休息，但是他不想冒险现在就睡着。
tr	I	It never came , but I 'd meant to use it on Webb during the next dueling session .
tr	I	I was everywhere , but this time I looked normal .
tr	O	加入我，并且我们将夺回天空骑士的古老之道。
tr	I	I 've never heard him complain once about his situation and he 's too proud to take any assistance from anyone .
tr	O	这不是处理她矛盾情绪最成熟的方式，但是目前这是她能做到的最好的。
tr	O	我很讨厌让拖车在它的气球上再待一晚，但是我也没什么能做的了。
tr	I	Then I walked to my bedroom , and I stood there for a moment in disbelief .
tr	I	I almost hang up , and my mother answers immediately .
tr	I	Mab was so young , and they were so alike .
tr	I	Her smile dropped and she cupped his face in the palm of her hand .
tr	I	Ryder wasn 't backing off , but Wyatt tried to duck around him .
tr	I	My vote is to infiltrate the city ourselves , but Phillip wants to send a messenger .
tr	I	I to be a King and he to be a Knight .
tr	I	She said it too , without hesitation , and Adam told her that he loved her .
tr	O	我的祖父似乎知道他在做什么，并且我想他也许给我留下了一个线索。
tr	O	现在她知道他回到屋里是另有原因，一个邪恶的原因……，并且她是他的受害者。
tr	I	Half the period I have allotted is gone , and I will not see you , except in this manner .
tr	O	这只会让他担心，并且他远在那里也无能为力。
tr	O	火焰吞噬了她和城堡，灼烧着她周围的石头。
tr	O	他对我的腿部的抓握暂时松开，并且我向后猛地一甩，寻找打火机。
tr	I	Her back arched of its own volition , her body seeking deeper contact with his hard erection and her throat swelled .
tr	O	另外，如果可能的话，试着告诉她我们会逃跑并且我们希望她加入我们。
tr	I	She recoiled in fear and he raised his hand to strike her .
tr	O	希恩绝望地四处寻找任何可以当作绳子用的布料，但是什么也没有。
tr	I	She almost dropped her glass of champagne , and the question , not surprisingly , caught Frances off guard .
tr	O	他穿着一件印有蒙哥马利家族颜色的斗篷，但是马鬃上却系着一面白色的休战旗。
tr	I	His foot was soaked and Harding realized , too late , that he had a hole in the elastic of his congress boot .
tr	I	It was over , but it had been a circus .
tr	I	The Mass got underway shortly thereafter and Philip found them several minutes later .
tr	I	There was no one to hear her , but she cried out in agony .
tr	I	Luisa took the chance to put an end to the woman , and Luisa 's weight was difficult to lift , even for a Snow Woman .
tr	O	它仍然没有注意到露娜，并且如果可以的话，她计划利用这一点来发挥她的优势。
tr	O	锁被铲子击碎了，并且底部因击中德鲁比而凹陷了。
tr	I	A moment later , Ford came busting out of a set of dark red double doors , and he spoke into a transmitter in his left ear .
tr	I	It isn 't until now that I really look at his face , and his smile is kind .
tr	I	I felt almost human , and I was nearly 100 percent congealed .
tr	I	I see he is too busy , but I had hoped to introduce myself to him .
tr	O	我试图跑，但是已经太迟了。
tr	O	昨晚他们两个人把我堵住谈话，并且我离开时感觉他们想让我再次犯错。
tr	I	Here I stand -- without a farthing -- at the mercy of my children , and I knew you would like me to clear myself .
tr	I	Mab arched her eyebrow , and he finished his story .
tr	I	The dizziness was gone and he straightened up again .
tr	I	Travis hugged her on the other and Cammie hugged her on one side .
tr	O	它的头骨立刻裂开了，并且一股深红色的东西流了出来。
tr	I	I managed , but it took me a minute to get the key in it .
tr	I	She was terribly weak , and her legs felt rubbery .
tr	I	Dave was coming down again , but they started walking back towards the car .
tr	O	我想甩开他，就像他一整天对我做的那样，但是我做不到。
tr	I	He had jumped badly , but one of the children was trying to reach her tree .
tr	O	话就是说出来了，但是我事后会后悔。
tr	O	特伦特不是杀人犯，并且你也不恨他。
tr	O	他扫过它，仿佛抓起那两件物品，并且他的动作完美地沿着尘土轨迹。
tr	I	Meagan 's face gleamed even in the dull glow of the flashlight and I felt as if a rock had been lifted off my chest .
tr	I	Eleanor looked at him too , and I looked at James .
tr	I	I noticed the evidence of the fire 's work on his face , and Cole winced at the acid in my voice .
tr	I	The bouncers moved toward her , and she started to turn away .
tr	I	He cradles the back of her head firmer in one hand and she begins to cry softly into the fabric of his shirt .
tr	O	然后她的眼睛转向车子方向，并且她的肩膀垮了下来。
tr	O	我的座位上粘着一块口香糖，并且他放下他的皮夹克，这样我就不会弄脏我的牛仔裤了。
tr	I	In the middle of all this sadness , I felt guilt , and I looked at the well-manicured fingers curled around mine .
tr	I	Levi 's countenance was quite the opposite , but Harrison appeared to be restraining himself from bursting into laughter .
tr	I	Still she wouldn 't even show you one and we offered her four times the going rate .
tr	I	She continued to ignore him but his eyes locked on the woman .
tr	I	Then her eyes widened as recognition crossed her face , and she stared at me for a moment , confused .
tr	I	Thinking again , but she was scared , all right .
tr	I	Then Rusty joined her , and Rachel dissolved into laughter .
tr	O	她亲吻了我的纹身，并且我亲吻了她的雀斑。
tr	O	这就是他有一件空军衬衫的原因，并且他的地方很整洁。
tr	O	出现是痛苦的，但是如果这次经历没有提醒他，他绝不会想起到底有多痛苦。
tr	O	便利贴的发明者正在研究不同类型的胶水，并且他发现了一种不起作用的胶水。
tr	I	She is terrified to say one word out of place and she 's staying at Possession .
tr	I	It did not reach his eyes , but he flashed a bright , charming smile with ease .
tr	O	他深棕色的头发显得被风吹乱了，并且他的刘海贴在他的额头上。
tr	I	We headed toward the subway to get to work and she tucked the remaining letters into her own bag .
tr	I	Nothing could have pried me away from him in that moment and this was too good .
tr	O	饭菜送来了，但是丹的胃躁动不安，不情愿。
tr	O	我们松了口气付了账，并且我很庆幸我们没有被注意到。
tr	O	他曾告诉自己没时间谈恋爱，但是他现在知道自己一直对她渴望不已。
tr	I	He led her into the house and she linked her fingers with his .
tr	I	He was standing over her , reaching for her chin with two fingers , and all she had done was blink .
tr	O	起初，她没看见我，但是我确切地知道她发现我的那一秒。
tr	I	My mouth fell slightly open , aghast but my face cleared with comprehension .
tr	O	通常力量是代代相传的，但是当两种不同的魔法血统混合时，总有可能出现一些混乱。
tr	O	可能感觉是这样，但是那是一种幻觉。
tr	O	她希望自己能更适应这一切，但是她现在已经下定决心了，无论结果如何。
tr	I	It turned out I was wrong , but I thought I understood love once .
tr	I	I didn 't feel any better about that predicament but all the extra space would give me some cover .
tr	I	Edward left the room as soon as the King 's back was turned and Katherine 's acceptance of Jasper was an insult to Duke Henry 's memory .
tr	I	I understand that he is in a similar position and he just pats me on my back with notable strength .
tr	I	He shook his head slowly , but Amusement glittered in his eyes .
tr	I	Her smile showed even , white teeth , and she was short , barely five feet .
tr	O	门在他们身后关上了，并且她感觉到黄铜门闩的咔哒声在过于紧绷的神经上震颤。
tr	I	He 'd describe it all to her later but it was annoying that Maggie wasn 't here .
tr	I	His head fell and he sighed deeply .
tr	O	她不认为这会改变什么，但是他理应知道。
tr	I	The sun was out in full force by early afternoon , but the weather had been chilly all morning .
tr	O	我的嘴唇染上了接近我头发的颜色，而且我的眼睛用炭笔勾勒了线条。
tr	I	The words of her father telling her not to go to the library flashed in her mind but she thought of telling her parents about it .
tr	I	Lauren appeared happy with his surprise so far this weekend , and the hotel matched everything he 'd seen on the Internet .
tr	I	It landed on the floor and I threw the bottle at him .
tr	I	His broad shoulders seemed to fill the doorframe , and he was tall , easily over six feet .
tr	O	我的防线瞬间筑起，并且我身体的每一块肌肉都绷紧了。
tr	I	She had every intention of having a splendid evening , and she was here now .
tr	I	How the infection originally spawned remained unexplainable , but they understood it quickly took the body of its host .
tr	O	我内心的声音说是，但是我的神经让我犹豫。
tr	O	她开始谈起我小时候和我们在教堂里的事。
tr	I	Grief was like the mud that covered them , but she was stupid to think this way right now .
tr	I	I 'm apparently awash in scorn for Mexican fast food , but I have no idea where this attitude came from .
tr	I	Personally , my motivation went well beyond our own self-preservation , but we made a great team pushing back against the bullies .
tr	O	这使得我更难专注于手头的任务，并且我能感觉到眉毛上方开始有头痛的脉动。
tr	O	他看起来很坚定，并且第一次，我愉快的心情有些动摇。
tr	O	那是一个完美的藏身处，但是仍然存在一个问题。
tr	O	她理所当然地认为她的家人以后会团聚，但是情况并没有朝着那个方向发展。
tr	O	门开了，并且我随着小人群走进了电梯，确保按下了我的楼层。
tr	I	The trembling in my limbs intensified , and my throat constricted at the thought .
tr	I	I 've always wondered , but they said it was better that way .
tr	O	他因本能的恐慌向后跳去，但是水在他碰到脚之前就止住了。
tr	I	Ernie 's right , but I hadn 't thought about it much until then .
tr	O	栏杆断了，并且保安不得不拉起绳索横穿街道以隔离尖叫的粉丝。
tr	O	即使拥有她的力量，她也不确定自己是否有足够的精力独自施展这个咒语，但是她必须尝试。
tr	O	她太累了以至于在楼梯上绊倒了，并且汤姆把手臂环绕在她的腰间帮助她。
tr	I	He said no more , and Jake 's face went gray .
tr	I	I was desperate to keep it bottled up and she was desperate for me to get it all out .
tr	O	我很快就能拿到学位了，并且我可能很快就会找到工作了。
tr	I	It was true but it was insane .
tr	I	Mandy didn 't care , but it was a hot , dusty ride .
tr	I	It felt good and much of it made sense .
tr	O	他打开了门，并且我跟着他进去了。
tr	O	杰登伸出他的拳头，并且我用我的碰了一下。
tr	O	受伤的马匹尖叫着，并且男人们痛苦地呻吟着。
tr	I	His blunt dashes of eyebrows tilt toward each other sharing secrets , and Gabe 's cheeks are flushed .
tr	O	我已经知道那个答案了，但是我想要听他说出来。
tr	O	说出来听起来很愚蠢，但是那是我所有的一切。
tr	I	She nodded confidently despite the terror I could tell she was feeling and Amory was asking her a series of questions .
tr	I	It was his job to see that they survived , and it was not fair that his people should suffer .
tr	I	I moved through the doorway almost as if floating on air , and the bonds around my arms were loosed .
tr	O	驱魔还没有完成，并且赫克斯还在身体里。
tr	O	我不想游过去，但是我无法判断是否有其他方法过去。
tr	I	It hurts them , and it blinds them .
tr	I	In my shackles , I can 't fight back , and people with furious , avid faces push toward me .
tr	I	His eyes are concerned and he places his hands on my shoulders .
tr	I	I gritted my teeth against the pain , but she made a sound like she disagreed .
tr	I	I was certainly not an athlete and an athlete would struggle to recover from the amount I did .
tr	I	I tried to hold on to anything thing that I could find and the car skidded across the road .
tr	I	She jumps up , pulling me with her and an orange light begins to color the sky .
tr	I	One unfortunate man fell sprawling onto his back and two bottles were sent smashing to the floor .
tr	O	她利用了它，但是她不是敌人。
tr	O	每周一期的《监测者》将于次日发行，并且奇迹的真实故事也终将被知晓。
tr	O	艾米微笑着，摇着头，并且她的黑眼睛随即睁大了。
tr	I	She didn 't look as winded as he felt , but her breathing was heavy .
tr	I	It was Alcide who was spilling his instead , but I 'd come here to spill my guts .
tr	O	她的嘴巴张开了，但是除了流出一点血，什么也没出来，那血比她涂的深红色口红还要深。
tr	O	她的眼睛半垂着，并且他知道她明白了。
tr	O	他可能无法说出那些话，但是他以他唯一知道的方式向她表达了。
tr	O	约书亚必须先找到丹尼尔，而且这意味着他需要逃脱。
tr	O	我不在的时候，只有一个我信任的人能帮你处理那件事，而且那就是那个来自加州的艾丽卡女孩。
tr	O	某种情绪进入了他的眼睛，但是她不知道那代表着什么。
tr	I	I hated it , too , but I loved that I put that look on him .
tr	O	门上传来一声敲门声，并且弗朗哥把头探进了房间。
tr	O	与波塞冬在泥浆中摔跤的日子已经一去不复返了，并且我很自豪能作为他的王后，作为与他平等的人，站在他身边。
tr	O	随着我的视线开始清晰起来，疼痛略微减轻了，并且我意识到我又回到了实验室。
tr	I	I did not want to fight this guy , but I know the adrenalin will save me either way .
tr	I	I suddenly felt very small as he towered over me and he straightened from the bar .
tr	O	我不敢直视他们的脸，但是我更害怕让他们离开。
tr	O	凯莉坐得更直了一些，咀嚼着那点信息，并且霍利迪安静地坐着，仿佛在给凯莉时间适应。
tr	O	盖布一开始似乎犹豫着不愿回答，但是当镜头摇向他的脸时，他慢慢地咧嘴笑了。
tr	I	Tomorrow they got to move , and truly it had been , as their mother said , a great day .
tr	I	We lurched forward , and the boat snagged .
tr	O	她所有的书都掉到了地上，并且她发出了一种像鸽子咕咕声一样的轻柔声音。
tr	I	His speed limited how sharply , but Nate could will himself to turn .
tr	O	这很可怕，但是我至少知道自己足够坚强，不会逃跑。
tr	I	The wind moaned through the brush , and a large bird rose into the air with the flapping of great wings .
tr	I	It was difficult for him but hands in his pockets , Rash looked like he wanted to say something .
tr	I	He blinked at me innocently , but he was flirting with me .
tr	I	Time coupled with pride only increases it , and something causes a rift between two people .
tr	O	也许特德是随便向他们提及的，并且他们便利用了这些信息来为自己谋利。
tr	I	He sighed , and his fingers ran down my cheek .
tr	I	Then she hesitated , but holding it in one hand Susan went to call Omar .
tr	I	I 'm not going to start now and I have never lied to you folks .
tr	I	This was a quiet neighbourhood anyway and many people were away on holiday .
tr	O	肖恩的项圈也做了同样的事，但是肾上腺素飙升，以至于他们俩继续战斗。
tr	O	我周六早上回去了，并且他的车仍然不见了。
tr	O	她为没有多余的床向简道歉，但是简似乎一点也不介意。
tr	O	这在地面以下，并且黑暗几乎是完全的。
tr	I	He wouldn 't tell me anything he knew , but he didn 't know any of that .
tr	O	我的胃下沉以示警告，并且我担心最坏的情况。
tr	I	I reached the trail and my thoughts turned back to the present as Janet .
tr	O	吸血鬼很久没有听过如此纯净的声音了，并且他的身体畏缩着远离了那声音。
tr	I	I 've teamed them like horses through the Requiem , and those dregs linger still .
tr	I	I had forgotten how oppressive the heat could be , but I knew it would be hot .
tr	I	At the heart of this , our goals are the same , and I respect you too much .
tr	I	I opened the door , finding the Seventh on the other side with his hands raised for a third rap and another knock began .
tr	O	凯移到塞琳娜旁边，并且他们互相依偎，环抱着对方的肩膀。
tr	I	Comparatively , I was a lot harder to hurt , but I might have looked as delicate as Specialist Gregorio .
tr	O	片刻之后我正拿着一根点燃的树枝，并且妮可正咧着嘴笑。
tr	I	A little bit haunted , and he looked drawn now .
tr	I	It makes a difference , but I don 't know how you do it !
tr	O	对安德烈蒂家族来说，有一件事比任何事都重要，并且那就是家庭责任。
tr	I	I would still have felt that way if I was a virgin now and I knew it then .
tr	I	My best friend Jill that I 'd started it out of rejection but I never revealed to anyone .
tr	I	That is bad for thinking , and he began to get frightened .
tr	I	I can hear it in the silence of the room and she swallows .
tr	I	In my defense I hadn 't seen Ang in a long time , but I guess I should have thought out the decision to include her .
tr	O	这些人可以对他做任何事，并且没有人会知道。
tr	O	她无法停止看到他眼中的那种神情，并且如果她无法停止看到他眼中的那种神情，她会发疯的。
tr	O	我以前从未见过君主，但是马丁三世国王与我预期的并不完全一样。
tr	O	当时我没有一件黑色连衣裙，并且弗罗斯特奶奶在葬礼前一天带我去买了一件。
tr	I	The thought of him lying in a pool of his own vomit spurred him on , but it was quite an effort .
tr	I	You do not cheat on her and if you are in love with a spider , you stick to that spider !
tr	O	云朵遮住了太阳，并且风变得更刺骨了。
tr	O	科尔可以放她任何约会的鸽子，但是让杰夫失望是她无法承受的。
tr	O	他们相视一笑，并且拜伦随后变得严肃起来。
tr	O	我似乎努力了这么久的一切都被夺走了，并且我身下也没有安全网。
tr	I	Watching Chad on the big screen was tradition , but he would 've tailed her ass this evening .
tr	I	I smiled down at her in appreciation , and she patted my shoulder .
tr	I	The outdoors did nothing to satisfy it , but the rain had stopped , so my mother took it for a walk around the house .
tr	I	It slips past my lips as a whisper and one thought keeps repeating in my mind .
tr	I	Now wasn 't the time for empathy but the sight ate at Riddick 's rage .
tr	I	Thus far , the being had eluded detection , but something had been following them ever since they left the city .
tr	I	She had good reason and she wasn 't willing to discuss things again .
tr	O	他盯着我时，双眼漆黑而凶狠，但是至少现在它们已经恢复正常了。
tr	O	我仍然能感觉到他的能量在整个房子里震动，或者也许这只是我自己沉重的心跳声。
tr	O	查理深吸一口气，并且他开始唱歌。
tr	I	You got what you asked for and you wanted to run into him .
tr	I	My timid nature kept me from pushing for an answer , and he didn 't seem to want to clarify how I instantly had food .
tr	O	我了解阿洛的能力，而且詹姆斯也只是凡人。
tr	I	Then he sighed , but he smiled faintly .
tr	I	Sam saw the bow light of a boat cruise slowly into view , and the sound of a boat engine drew her gaze to the lake .
tr	I	The lamps were already switched on and they were standing in a street .
tr	I	The big deal is the world , but some talk about staying alive , gangs , shit like that .
tr	I	I 'd already used up part of my magic fighting her crew , but oh , I was a powerful elemental .
tr	O	这可能没什么，但是我宁愿确保。
tr	O	凉爽的天气回来了，并且不再有发热病例了。
tr	O	我多年来一直感觉到你的人在监视我，并且我知道我没什么好怕的。
tr	O	他们一直等到天色已晚，并且仆人们也已经歇息了。
tr	O	世界在他身边熊熊燃烧，并且她让他渴望那些火焰。
tr	I	My heart skips a beat and the walls seem to be closing in on me .
tr	O	米拉向前迈了一步，但是杰斯却抢先了。
tr	I	Jake 's feet did slide back a few inches , but again there was no effect on Jake 's behavior .
tr	I	They did not honor it but I know it well that earlier , even men had compassion in their side .
tr	I	A little mutter ran through them , and she was appealing to the onlookers now .
tr	O	他们两人专注地看着前面的人，并且我能理解他们的兴趣。
tr	O	阿奇的头撞上了挡风玻璃，但是他没有穿透。
tr	I	The woman were involved anymore and it wasn 't like he .
tr	I	I elbowed him in the gut , and he wrapped both arms around me .
tr	I	He was now staring at the ground and the young man was slumped against the cement bench .
tr	I	That was just ... disgusting ; unexplainable but it was obviously Karina 's blood .
tr	I	It does not lead anywhere away from Shelby , but his scent is all over town .
tr	I	With my shoulder as messed up as it was , climbing wasn 't really an option , but I had no idea where I was going .
tr	O	他为如何告诉她而痛苦了好几天，并且她已经知道了？
tr	O	我通常不会骂人，但是情势所需。
tr	O	她歇斯底里地尖叫着，但是我没有被吓倒。
tr	O	当他给我换的时候，我尖叫了，并且他甚至毫不在乎。
tr	I	There is a fire burning just out of the reach of the water , and the ocean is glazed gold in the evening light .
tr	I	If she 'd heard him she was too engrossed in her telephone conversation to investigate , but at his raised voice , the girl looked up .
tr	I	Now she felt foolish and he had a point .
tr	I	The lab results were obtained after you had already left your home , and I wanted to visit with you first .
tr	O	他脑海中的乌云开始消散，但是随着乌云消散，一种刺痛感袭来。
tr	I	I already know what they are going to say , but the critics will write up their reviews tomorrow .
tr	O	喷嚏来了，并且在他们来得及拿纸巾之前，它就喷出来了，全弄到了第四十八页上。
tr	I	I didn 't see any fur , but it moved like a monkey anyway .
tr	O	我觉得他心里有打算，并且我觉得就在今晚。
tr	O	这个地区没什么危险可言，但是他们做好了准备。
tr	O	恶魔给的打气很奇怪，但是既然科尔已经开始了，他就停不下来了。
tr	O	那个声音又嘶嘶作响了，但是语气并不具有威胁性。
tr	I	I kissed her softly once more and my eyes began to match hers .
tr	I	I look at him and my heart breaks a little bit .
tr	I	Then waited , listening , and she murmured some words in a foreign tongue .
tr	I	Mairi was only starting to move on and it had been almost two weeks since she had made Her Greatest Mistake .
tr	O	你所做的一切都发自你的内心深处，并且你真的很在乎你的观众。
tr	I	There wouldn 't be anyone to catch me , and after today I would be alone .
tr	I	She probably even knew who he really was by this time , and surely she remembered that .
tr	O	如果猎犬没找到我，守卫也会找到我，并且他们无论如何都会把我喂给猎犬。
tr	O	然后他把手移到她另一条大腿上，并且杰米的眼睛睁大了，意识到他想干什么。
tr	I	She hadn 't bought it , yet obviously she wanted the dress .
tr	O	他的兄弟姐妹们都指责他总是只顾工作，但是总得有人关注海塔航空的未来。
tr	I	Everything else was sucked out of my vision , and my gaze was drawn to him magnetically .
tr	O	她的孩子和贝克一家在一起，但是事情进展得一点都不顺利。
tr	I	He 's busted my balls enough about it , and I 've mentioned her on one too many occasions .
tr	I	He pulled until she looked up at him , but she braced her hands against his big chest .
tr	I	She shifted , changing and Renée pulled me close .
tr	O	他拿起我的箱子，并且我们决定回我的住处。
tr	I	I wasn 't about to tell him and of course Gap didn 't know that .
tr	O	我对她咧嘴一笑，并且他转过脸去，他的脸因尴尬而泛红。
tr	I	That 's all she needed , but it 's a small change .
tr	I	Money goes out and Money comes into accounts .
tr	I	I don 't mind remembering but I 'd wept a little myself .
tr	I	Ethan 's eyes flicked to Matt , just for a second , and when it ended , Chloe smiled up at Ethan , breathless .
tr	I	I thought we were dead , until we fell through , and then we seemed to hit a wall .
tr	I	Adel points a finger at him in warning but Kamil starts to say something .
tr	O	就像他承诺的那样，他翻身离开了，但是却没有表现出他之前所表现出的任何厌恶。
tr	I	Now we have nothing , and I have two children .
tr	O	老人的眉毛扬了起来，并且他哈哈大笑起来。
tr	O	灯光重新亮起，并且维罗现在正在发抖。
tr	O	她没有和他讨论过这个前景，但是她不想告诉赛勒斯那件事。
tr	I	She was embracing his neck , and he was stroking her body .
tr	I	Amy pulled it out of her diaper bag and her phone sang a popular children 's tune .
tr	I	I didn 't know if I could trust him again but my heart ached for him .
tr	I	I can take you to the manager , and why don 't you follow me .
tr	O	电话响了，并且来电显示说这是一个私人号码。
tr	O	我重新潜入水中，但是我的抓捕者再次抓住了我的手臂。
tr	I	When I looked at the blood-stained screen of my phone , it showed there being no service in the area and the call failed .
tr	O	一阵笑声将她的目光引向桌旁的男人们，并且她想起了她给自己设定的任务。
tr	I	There is no place to hide , but I glance around the antechamber .
tr	I	Then he slammed the door in my face , and we held each other 's gaze a moment .
tr	I	I fear it will at first , but I hope it doesn 't come to that .
tr	I	She couldn 't help herself but Tully tried not to sob .
tr	I	I 'm not sure I should tell him about that but I did feel Cruz ' emotions .
tr	I	It took over , like a parasite and all it needed were some DNA .
tr	I	I was still curious , but it certainly wasn 't the most important thing to think about .
tr	O	妈妈总能解决，并且晚餐会很丰盛，一如既往。
tr	I	Wearing what looked like Inquisitor black with no apparent insignias and he was completely clean shaven .
tr	O	凯曼瞥了他一眼，并且一种纯粹的渴望表情爬上了他英俊的脸庞。
tr	O	欲望涌遍全身，并且我几乎要丢下剩下未打开的礼物去寻找他。
tr	O	他凑得更近，意图偷吻，但是她在他得逞之前巧妙地转过脸去。
tr	I	I never even thought to turn around , but some of the others stirred behind me .
tr	O	他伸出手肘，并且我一动不动地盯着他。
tr	O	他承担了这项任务，并且他的家人批准了。
tr	O	我拼命想躲起来，但是却无处可去。
tr	I	I 'm here now - but you 've done well .
tr	O	他把拳头猛地砸向它，并且明亮的红色闪光从营地中央发出。
tr	O	她不急不慢地，并且全心全意地爱着他。
tr	I	He could feel the weight on his nerves , but he couldn 't tell if he was looking at him .
tr	O	融雪从树上滴落，发出雨一般的声音，并且夜里传来轰隆声，因为树枝卸下了它们的白色重负。
tr	I	That was not his concern , but a crack echoed in the room .
tr	O	加布叫回了拉撒路，并且布伦特终于坐了起来。
tr	I	I uncomfortably hug her back , feeling her belly press against mine and she leans in to hug me .
tr	O	我知道你们觉得这很有趣，但是不，它不是。
tr	O	蝎子通常不允许我参加，但是他这次破例了。
tr	I	I think Charlotte was feeling the same way , and I had never been so grateful to have Liam as a friend .
tr	I	Even the pub had shut its doors due to the weather , and the Chinese food take-out shop had closed for the night .
tr	I	They were worried , since they hadn 't heard anything from him at all , and their son was late .
tr	O	你仍然是王位的关键，并且你不会离开大家辛辛苦苦创造的安全港湾。
tr	I	He wore a frown and as my narrative continued , his concern deepened .
tr	O	我们都有强大的民兵，并且我们的国家已经持续战斗了三百多年。
tr	I	The room was soon cast under a cloak of unsettling shadow , and faceless bodies now blocked the meager sunlight that fought to enter .
tr	I	She jerked backwards with the force and the gun fired .
tr	O	我知道悉尼住在哪里，但是那是一段很长的路。
tr	I	He wasn 't breathing , but I ran to him .
tr	I	Half the riders got off and we came to a stop .
tr	I	Her eyes turned orange , and the woman tensed up .
tr	I	I nod , and he asks .
tr	O	我的笑容展开了，并且我意识到自己有多久没有真正笑过了。
tr	I	I don 't get answers , but I ask the winds so many questions .
tr	O	一阵猛烈的疾风将船向下吹，并且我的心因我们的急剧下降而猛地一沉。
tr	O	那也许是懦弱的，但是提醒他我们共同的过去将冒着我不想面对的被拒绝的风险。
tr	I	My eyes settled on the kitchen , and I glanced about .
tr	I	Adrian still took it as such , but it wasn 't exactly an apology .
tr	O	玛丽的嘴唇颤抖着，并且泪水滑过她的脸颊。
tr	O	大楼现在已经安全了，并且一切似乎都在控制之中。
tr	I	It got so cold , so awfully cold , but it was a warm afternoon .
tr	O	她拉扯着束缚，但是它们纹丝不动。
tr	I	I was never so happy to stop playing a game before but maybe it was my imagination .
tr	O	她今天又去看霍华德了，并且警卫把她赶走了。
tr	I	Then suddenly James pulls me to him as I quietly sob into his shirt , and I put my face in my hands .
tr	O	我不认为我本该知道，但是有些事情发生了。
tr	I	He turned growling at Zoey and his eyes glowed yellow .
tr	I	I can choose to let it lie there or I can lob it back .
tr	O	我有控制权，并且她知道。
tr	O	他正在抚摸一位长腿金发女郎，并且这个场景显然让朱尔斯很不安。
tr	I	He should have been back with his unit before Thanksgiving , and his two weeks ' furlough had begun in November .
tr	O	当时是凌晨两点，并且所有人都很累。
tr	O	视频中维维安的脸一片空白，并且她的头发是棕色的，和我现在的头发颜色一样。
tr	O	我仍然穿着我的丁字裤，并且我挣扎着想脱掉它。
tr	O	她在午夜时分就不再接电话了，并且电话自那以后每小时整点都会响。
tr	I	When I opened them again , I was surrounded in blackness , and I squeezed my eyes shut to try to stop the tears .
tr	O	他仍然没有碰她，然而她感受到了他压在她背上的热度，让她保持稳定。
tr	I	She was not ready just yet , to have her face permanently marked but they were small with bright colors .
tr	O	当你到达这里时，我们将与军队进行另一次会议，并且我们将开始你的巫师训练。
tr	O	他脸上淌着血，样子很吓人，但是最可怕的却是他眼中的神情。
tr	O	我让她过来，并且她就过来了。
tr	I	A faint flash of lightning lit up his face , and a soft rumble of thunder echoed in the trees .
tr	O	我不是老师，并且我让你在这个房间里。
tr	I	Honestly , she couldn 't imagine her life without him , but he could be aggravating .
tr	I	He never stops , but we walk past people he knows .
tr	O	他不确定她是否知道这件事，并且这让他担心她可能知道。
tr	I	I thought I saw somebody sitting there , but I don 't really remember the dream .
tr	I	It still came out in a whisper but ' How long do you think it took before ... ' I had to clear my throat .
tr	I	I stumbled back , and the ground swayed .
tr	I	He nods when she asks if they have the weapons ready and as she moves past the creatures , I see new faces with Mark .
tr	O	我能感觉到他的尖端在我身上摩擦，并且我只是想要他进入我的身体。
tr	O	我们绕过一个崎岖的弯道，并且我惊讶地停了下来。
tr	O	我的刀在我旁边，并且他比僵尸更近。
tr	O	这意味着他从未离开过英国，或者至少他的身体没有。
tr	I	It is located at the Clearwater School of Cosmetology in the Auxiliary room and doors open at eight for visitors .
tr	O	他的黑发凌乱，并且他的明亮蓝眼睛被羽毛般漆黑的睫毛环绕着。
tr	I	I certainly wish he 'd tell us , but I don 't know who he 's protecting .
tr	O	我本打算使用我的野马，但是我们将不得不在奥马哈降落加油。
tr	O	他伸出右手，但是她紧紧握住一本赞美诗集。
tr	I	She was gone but he reached out for her .
tr	I	Finally , when she knew that death was imminent , she had asked that her grandson be informed and eventually the disease turned into pneumonia .
tr	I	He still hadn 't let go of her hand , but they climbed into an unmarked black SUV .
tr	I	The porch light was off , but Windows were warm golden squares .
tr	O	她感到塔克在她背上放了一只稳住她的手，并且他触摸的冲击让她踉跄。
tr	O	我们可以忍受清晨的阳光，并且没有人会等着我们。
tr	O	男人发出一声呻吟，但是那个身影没有移动。
tr	O	风再次呼啸，并且佩吉的眼睛与鲍勃的相遇了。
tr	I	All along its top were men with bows in hand all jostling to get a place , and it was some twenty feet tall .
tr	I	His chest relaxed , but his heart hammered .
tr	O	我的手臂因握着刀刃而感到疲惫，但是我不敢将它从地精身上移开一瞬。
tr	I	Still I tried to step lightly , but the gravel made silence almost impossible .
tr	I	It 's so early , but I want to call Trevor .
tr	O	十七小时后一个健康的女儿出生了，但是她从未被她的母亲抱过。
tr	O	他们幸存下来了，但是他们破碎了，没有了他们的灵魂而迷失。
tr	I	I realize she 's not offended at all and Skye gives me the way to go smile .
tr	I	I enjoyed the show and he was pulling his shirt off .
tr	I	I held her gaze boldly , and her eyes moved between mine , searching .
tr	O	家里的电话响了，并且所有人都僵住了，仍然因之前的事件而失去平衡。
tr	I	Tony had only a few hours left to finalize his analysis of the strategy for the supplier hit and Paul was preoccupied sifting through dozens of resumes .
tr	O	他不肯说为什么，但是费洛斯，作为一个伟大的侦探，意识到这次出行对哈特很重要。
tr	O	莉莉的眼角发红，并且她的嘴唇紧抿着。
tr	I	It was far from over but the ride had Mike 's body tense .
tr	O	他重重地摔了下来，并且他确信他的肋骨断了。
tr	I	Avalon stopped him with a hand on his shoulder , but Jericho started after them .
tr	O	一辆车停在了旁边的车位，并且一个小女孩从后座跳了出来。
tr	I	I could hear several of the older ladies cooing over his concern , but I did not think it was very convincing .
tr	I	There was a look in her eye , but she had said it in teasing big sister sort of way .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but he tried to open his mouth to scream .
tr	I	Many of the families snubbed it as a ridiculous concept , and it was a program her father started , perhaps a decade ago .
tr	O	他在一家酒店睡下，但是他在自己的床上被闹钟吵醒。
tr	I	She , like a good little soldier , had shown her face , and he would have stayed , waiting to see who turned up .
tr	I	It was quite clean , but this was a very basic accommodation .
tr	O	一滴眼泪滑过我的脸颊，但是我懒得去擦。
tr	O	我读过不少关于击剑的资料，并且这是学院的必修课。
tr	I	Ronnie says it 's nice , but I 've never been there .
tr	O	治疗师握住我的另一只手，并且这个过程重复了一遍。
tr	O	他再假装了一会儿，但是接着他叹了口气。
tr	I	He prayed to God it was but Horace didn 't know for sure .
tr	O	门上的敲门声让她吓了一跳，但是她没有起来。
tr	O	屏幕变黑了，并且另一个图案出现了。
tr	I	Two pills sat beside it , and it was full of water .
tr	I	I breathed out and I breathed in .
tr	I	As he suspected she 'd do , she immediately sought escape and his thigh lifted .
tr	O	他们两人都笑了起来，并且安雅拍了一下他的手臂。
tr	O	特伦顿坐在我旁边，身子微微前倾，并且接着点点头，指了指他的肩膀。
tr	I	He seemed otherwise uninjured , but there was a long cut along one of his cheeks .
tr	O	我们在松林镇一起生活，并且她从不知道她在这里是因为我。
tr	O	那张皮沙发出奇地舒服，但是我却睡不着。
tr	I	I kept my thoughts to myself as I giggled , but an image of a little Greyson running around crossed my mind .
tr	O	我很高兴我把齐娜从那个地方挪开了，但是她还没有脱离危险。
tr	I	I forged ahead , but turbulent waves pushed me back towards shore .
tr	I	We had two strong stallions pulling the wagon along as I enjoyed the landscape and Erica had the reigns .
tr	I	She was sure she 'd succeeded , at least a little , and she 'd wanted to shake him up .
tr	I	His kind words brought tears to her eyes and Mack 's normally succinct father was downright lyrical .
tr	I	The knot in her throat doubled and his eyes grew wet with emotion .
tr	I	His gaze flickered to the swamp , then back to mine , and he lifted his head .
tr	I	Lance snapped back before she could find her voice , but she stumbled for a response .
tr	O	我听着卧室里有没有声音，但是一切都很安静。
tr	O	他必须完全宣称比利是他的伴侣，或者他将承担后果。
tr	I	An uncomfortable silence follows , but the joke is his way of apologizing .
tr	O	你在救护车上心跳停止了两次，并且他们设法让你苏醒过来简直是个奇迹。
tr	O	沙恩是我，并且我是沙恩。
tr	I	His blue eyes gazed into hers and he tilted her chin up .
tr	O	事实是，他们陷入了僵局，并且他能活着脱身的唯一方法就是放下武器。
tr	O	他试着放松，以便倒下，但是这没有奏效。
tr	O	我不知道这里有多少条小径，但是我不认为会太多。
tr	O	乔丹想留下来，但是他从凯的眼中看出了决心。
tr	I	About a half minute later , the ball stopped , and eventually she could feel him slump forward .
tr	O	出席不是强制性的，并且许多人没有出席。
tr	I	I had a feeling I knew the girl he was talking about , and his eyes were back on me .
tr	I	He took in a deep breath and his hands were wrapped in his hair .
tr	I	You come in hard and you come in fast .
tr	O	珊瑚在她周围组建了卫队，并且他们行进着。
tr	O	他消失在厚重的金属门后，并且我抽身离开。
tr	I	He was okay with that , but he realized that was probably all the apology he was going to get .
tr	I	After months of pleading , Walt was finally giving her an assignment and Emma was dying to write a human interest story .
tr	O	他毕竟是会犯错的，并且我从中获得了勇气。
tr	O	自从绷带被移除后，公众仍然从未见过她的脸，并且哈莫妮计划保持那样。
tr	I	She did not feel its weight in her muscles , but it was perhaps the heaviest thing she had ever lifted .
tr	O	我问，并且他点头。
tr	I	The magic inside me rebels , insisting that I become stronger , but the pain is tremendous .
tr	I	The others agreed , and Tanya said the egg would do just fine .
tr	I	Ali had made her promise to not tell the others , and only Spencer had been there for her confrontation with Toby .
tr	I	I suddenly remembered my school days , and these bullies are always the same .
tr	O	我测试它，并且它能。
tr	O	她跳开，并且托盘里的碗碟哗啦作响。
tr	I	There wasn 't going to be any room service , and they intended to keep her there for a while .
tr	I	Sitting up in bed , and instead , I am fully awake now .
tr	O	他曾多次尝试和她说话，但是她很擅长先给他一个她最专业的笑容，然后就转过身去。
tr	O	她一直都有点这样，但是现在她垮了。
tr	O	没有什么太出格的，但是一切都显得非常不对劲。
tr	O	那天晚上，爸爸的一句话一次又一次地浮现在我脑海中。
tr	I	Derek 's eyes veered away , suddenly preoccupied by the radio dial , and the gang leader looked over at the bus .
tr	O	他不确定具体的海拔高度，但是景色非常壮丽。
tr	I	She managed it in record time but pulling them on wasn 't easy .
tr	O	他的父亲厉声命令着，并且他像个奴才一样听从着他。
tr	I	He couldn 't keep himself from saying it , but he knew it was below the belt .
tr	O	她的左手以一种奇怪的动作垂下，并且我突然僵住了。
tr	O	一连串愤怒的话语涌到我的嘴边，但是他们俩却一下子就消失了。
tr	O	这一直是艾莉的最爱，并且毕竟这女孩饿了。
tr	I	I didn 't feel the need to share my nudity with her , but I was well aware I 'd gone skinny dipping with Eva before .
tr	I	I like playing these little games , but I 'll keep you safe as I need your help later .
tr	O	到了晚上，整个世界似乎都消失了，并且心无旁骛有时会激发我深思的一面。
tr	O	如果她是个傻瓜，她会以为那是喜欢，但是她知道那不可能是真的。
tr	I	I shut my eyes , absorbing that sound forever and her voice , so long gone from my ears , closed up my throat .
tr	O	它不是一个传送门，但是那是我从未走过的另一条路。
tr	I	It could be used as kind of an attack resistant shield but this does not have the all-encompassing defence of the Covert vehicle .
tr	I	They have no intentions of slowing down anytime soon , and they have both worked here for decades , apparently .
tr	I	His own kids took advantage of that every opportunity they could and the man was simply too nice .
tr	O	我唇边泛起一抹痛苦的笑容，并且我恨它。
tr	I	She couldn 't discuss that here with Grady , but the Tribunal was a bigger problem than Sen .
tr	O	她没提借我的东西，但是很明显她永远不会想借。
tr	I	She 's skinny now , but she had nice curves when I left .
tr	O	约书亚勉强挤出一个自己的微笑，但是他的眼睛说着不同的故事。
tr	I	She sped through the parking lot , and the principal jumped out of the way .
tr	I	We had to accept that , just as she did and at the end of the summer she 'd be leaving us .
tr	I	I 'm well aware that your diet is atrocious and you 're working too hard , not exercising enough .
tr	I	The bottom dropped out of her belly , and he looked at her hotly .
tr	O	艾薇儿在大厅外面，并且我们走出来的时候她抬起头。
tr	O	它们是许多古老传说的背景，并且没有旅行者声称知道它们所有的秘密。
tr	I	She couldn 't bring herself to but she knew she should let go of him .
tr	O	爱情是一场赌博，但是当它是真挚的时候，回报远远超过付出。
tr	I	There 's an underlying tone that bothers me , but his words seem to be a compliment .
tr	O	菲利普试图回应，但是她掐住他喉咙的手让他无法说话。
tr	I	I could feel his body shake as he sobbed on my shoulder and he wrapped his arms around me .
tr	I	I noticed increasingly that my friends ' eyes began to linger in her direction and we were past fourteen by now .
tr	O	我现在是他的战利品，并且他不需要对一个他可以称之为自己的东西讲究社交礼仪。
tr	I	I elbowed him and he laughed .
tr	I	The doctors can only patch you up , put you back together , but Chapter One Hospitals are where people go to be saved .
tr	O	灯关着，并且窗帘是开着的。
tr	I	I looked behind me , and my cheeks grew warm .
tr	O	真的没有感到尴尬的余地，并且安珀拒绝让她的成长方式影响她现在的判断。
tr	I	You can tell her this crazy shit and if you want Blaire 's advice then meet me there .
tr	O	现在我们“完美家庭”的形象被玷污了，而且他正试图通过所有那些装腔作势来挽回面子。
tr	O	玛格丽特织得更多了，并且我开始钩编了。
tr	I	She 's all excited about going there now and she 's never heard me talk so much about my hometown before .
tr	I	His face darkened , but even some of Stuart 's friends laughed .
tr	O	他已经做了决定，并且现在他必须等待一个展示自己的机会。
tr	I	It was enough to keep them from getting in any easier , but it wasn 't much .
tr	O	这次水面很平静，并且天空是蓝色的。
tr	I	Her mouth was screwed up tight as if she were biting back the urge to wail and tears still poured from her beautiful eyes .
tr	I	I thought she had probably used up all her luck then , and I remembered the little she had told me about her war service .
tr	I	Nothing anyone had said could dissuade him , and he 'd insisted on being included in the call .
tr	O	墙上的画作不是复制品，并且脚下的地毯和它感觉起来一样昂贵。
tr	O	他面前还有几个世纪的生命，并且他总有一天会找到另一个灵魂相伴。
tr	I	He wouldn 't meet Marc 's eyes , but Jeremy didn 't say anything .
tr	I	They are locked tight , but as two others move off of me , I struggle to regain the use of my hands , to do something .
tr	I	I held my tongue , but I wanted to tell them to leave .
tr	I	She 'd just finished unpacking the last box and they 'd started moving out of the apartment before five that morning .
tr	O	我很害怕，然而我又不害怕。
tr	O	他听起来比整个早上都严肃，并且我只能尽力不再次翻白眼。
tr	O	卡罗琳的目光飞向了她，并且她的脸立刻红了。
tr	I	A persistent group chase me back to the stadium , but four of them are swiftly dealt with .
tr	O	他只看了一眼那狭窄的缝隙，并且他知道他们永远无法通过。
tr	I	She moved up to meet him half way , and he leaned down .
tr	O	格雷戈尔自己也感觉不太舒服，但是他担心他年轻的搭档。
tr	I	That would lead to the book , and if the Seventh took on my role at Glory Academy he would assume my quarters .
tr	O	我想她明白了，并且她站在我这边。
tr	I	We get down to business and within ten minutes my jazz class is full of eight year olds .
tr	O	她不像她的姐姐劳伦那样是个战士，并且她不像斯蒂芬妮那样是股反复无常的自然力量。
tr	I	He owed his friends some reassurance , but he couldn 't promise too much at this point .
tr	O	女孩就在那一刻抬起头，并且她的脸上绽放出开心的笑容。
tr	O	他给了她那份美妙的快乐，并且他还在感谢她？
tr	I	The driveway was loose gravel , but I came up behind him as quietly as possible .
tr	I	She grew heated with embarrassment , and the guy 's gaze never left her face .
tr	O	他们很轻易地就建立了联系，并且他们毫无顾忌地对彼此说出想说的话。
tr	O	他占有了我们的岛屿，并且他憎恨这个岛屿。
tr	I	His kernel of irritability still stood ready to pop , but the choking knot of frustration in Zook 's chest fell apart in the silence .
tr	O	他在最后一秒跑开，并且风筝撞到了他的臀部。
tr	I	Her eyes drifted shut as the sensations built , and her fingers curled into his muscled shoulders .
tr	O	一声巨大的呻吟声响起，并且书架霍地打开，像一扇门。
tr	O	我问，并且他点头。
tr	O	她很漂亮，但是她很书呆子气。
tr	I	He knew that even the most powerful people could fail at times , but they had promised they would take care of him no matter what .
tr	O	火车门开了，并且人群匆忙地涌入。
tr	I	I relax a little at the friendly gesture , and he gives me a half smile .
tr	I	He was back in the dark , and the conversation ended there for Donny .
tr	O	他的身体比她的凉，但是随着她的胸口紧紧地贴在他的身侧，热流依然充盈着她。
tr	I	I 've married you and well , I 've met you .
tr	O	他张开了嘴，但是没有任何话语从他干裂的嘴唇中发出。
tr	I	I am not sure what , but something is down there .
tr	O	我根本就不应该要求把他带到这里来，但是我当时很绝望。
tr	O	他受了伤，并且伤势可能会让人神志不清。
tr	O	我一整天没吃东西，然而并没有感到渴望的痛苦。
tr	I	I had never been more grateful , but Alissa sounded just like my mom .
tr	O	他们的母亲可能不太聪明，但是她爱她的孩子们。
tr	I	No words came , but she tried again .
tr	O	我松开他，并且他掉到地上。
tr	I	Sarah felt her legs begin to tremble and the sarcasm in his voice was unmistakable .
tr	I	She nodded , and his dark eyes shimmered with tears .
tr	O	尽管很累，他们还有一站想去，并且那需要沿着河边向北徒步。
tr	O	这需要一些指导，但是那些声音正在聆听。
tr	I	Hawk pushed it open , but she started to close the door .
tr	O	你爱她，并且她需要你。
tr	O	我猛地抽回手，但是他没有松开。
tr	O	他翻身，把她也带了过去，所以他们并排躺着，并且他只是盯着她的眼睛，吸收着她表情中的迷茫。
tr	I	Sebastian took Sakura by the elbow before Richard had the chance , and it was decided then .
tr	O	安保在大门处非常森严，并且需要通行证才能通过。
tr	O	我知道你的名字，而且我告诉你回头。
tr	I	You didn 't listen , and I warned you what would happen .
tr	I	He had grasped it readily , and when he arrived at him , the revolving sword had by then dropped off into his hand .
tr	I	He said he is a mechanic , and James is a little older than Jan , in his fifties .
tr	I	I don 't hesitate blowing their heads off , and a small herd of Spectators ambush us from the front of the English Building .
tr	I	When she looks up at me , I know why Des has brought us here , and Pen pulls out her sundial .
tr	I	Graffiti lined the cement walls like an urban overpass , and a single overhead naked bulb lit the cryptic corridor .
tr	I	His tie was black without a pattern , but his shirt was gleaming white .
tr	O	他把她领回牢房，并且她开始读那本书。
tr	O	不知何故，雪把它藏在了我的视线之外，但是现在，它沾满了我的前面。
tr	I	Savannah was their target , and the enemy was far stronger , far more organized than Gregori had expected .
tr	O	植物滑回了土壤之下，但是刺骨的冰继续落下。
tr	O	外面天寒地冻，而且他会被困在这里好几天。
tr	O	她有五个月时间，而且她可以在那段时间里做很多事情！
tr	I	He mentally cursed , and he watched the muscles of his back move beneath the thin white shirt he wore .
tr	O	一个神话般的、非常酷的女英雄，但是我不像她那么漂亮。
tr	I	I don 't think so , but my foster parents might be looking for me .
tr	O	黎明显露出将要放晴的迹象，并且他不应该死去。
tr	O	珍娜不太确定它的下巴在哪一端，但是她还是挠了那块石头。
tr	O	也许他们怕我知道，或者也许他们不信任我。
tr	O	宝座室闻起来像厨房，而且从样子来看，厨师们是匆忙逃走的。
tr	I	She hobbled to my side and I called out to her .
tr	O	他听起来只是略微感兴趣，但是埃琳娜锐利地瞥了他一眼。
tr	O	我不确定他在和谁说话，但是这对我们来说听起来不妙。
tr	O	她不知道为什么会看到他拿着一把玛雅武器，但是那是他在梦中用过好几次的武器。
tr	I	The jacket tear could have happened any time during the previous weeks , but the cut to his cheek was fresh .
tr	O	他的听众普遍发出一声失望的叹息，但是达蒙看起来只是更加阴沉。
tr	O	他放开了我，并且我默默地感谢了他，然后冲出了商店。
tr	I	His companion joined in , and the stranger chuckled .
tr	O	莉莉不仅笑了，但是她似乎对自己在那个时刻能笑出来感到惊讶。
tr	O	他们从小就是朋友，并且互相道别让他们俩都感到心痛。
tr	I	Ula didn 't get in trouble , and hopefully she wasn 't waiting too long .
tr	O	利亚德重重地叹了口气，并且巴黎知道她已经输了官司。
tr	O	她在百尺之外面对着他，并且她的表情空洞，没有人性。
tr	O	我的名字是蒂莫西·哈钦斯，并且我的职业选择是科学家——专攻癌症研究。
tr	I	I glanced up to see a wild look in her eyes that scared me and she slung me down onto the grass .
tr	O	我离开这里，就好像我被调职了一样，但是 我却进入了你的证人保护计划。
tr	I	The sharp pricks barely penetrated her trance , but she could vaguely feel the weeds poking up among the broken cobblestones through her worn slippers .
tr	O	它已经被清空了，并且所有的货物都靠墙摆放在大厅里。
tr	O	他那时轻咬了她的臀部，并且朱莉娅发出的下一个声音是惊讶。
tr	O	天空那时是蓝色的，并且一支铜管乐队正在演奏。
tr	O	我们会弄破东西，并且之后我们就再也无法向罗西尼夫人借衣服了。
tr	I	Right now he couldn 't bring himself to care , but Cain guessed that the longer he touched her , the more the separation would hurt .
tr	I	He wanted no part of it , but Aran knew what Ellis was thinking .
tr	O	她把衣服从他手中夺走，并且她的法国口音占了上风。
tr	I	The group entered the building and Brinkman showed his identification to the guard .
tr	O	阿黛尔摇了摇头，但是从未有过这样的事情。
tr	O	他没有对电话那头的人做出太多回应，但是当他回应时，他的语气中带着一丝焦虑。
tr	O	他知道那天是赶集日，但是他却没有这方面的需求。
tr	O	她那苍老而柔软的手抓住了我的手，并且她用另一只手抚摸我的脸颊。
tr	O	一步走错，并且他不会停止翻滚直到他撞到山脚。
tr	O	她的来访在他的记忆中停留了很久，并且他记不起上次见到她是什么时候了。
tr	I	His heaving chest betrayed him , but Joshua covered his eyes to hide the tears .
tr	O	它们都被划掉了，但是麦克在清单上发现了一些熟悉的东西。
tr	O	我的舌头描摹着她嘴角的轮廓，并且我感到她的牙齿轻轻咬住了我的下唇，这让我的小兄弟抽搐了一下。
tr	O	他畏缩了一下，并且她努力忍住不笑。
tr	O	一只花猫在这里安家生了小猫，并且其中一只小猫似乎很喜欢我。
tr	I	They had been friends the whole time , and they had worked together at the paper .
tr	O	这件衣服有点贴身，但是剪裁很简洁。
tr	I	They nonetheless rushed me into surgery , but my pulse rate was so low that they couldn 't find it in my wrist .
tr	I	It cannot be much , but come on , I don 't ask what the Emperor promised .
tr	I	The mornings were still chilly , but it was October .
tr	I	He nodded at my phone and I turned to face him .
tr	O	我向你保证你不会惹上麻烦，并且这会尽可能快。
tr	I	He was more a nuisance than a serious problem , but Barrett was a pain in the ass .
tr	I	I blink out of my daze and the blonde in front of me says .
tr	I	Do something to end the fight himself ... or either that .
tr	O	我的肩膀疼痛似乎减轻了，并且我腿部的沉重感更容易管理了。
tr	I	His shaggy hair hung around it perfectly and his face was angular .
tr	I	With her cast , it was difficult , but Nora tried to hurry down the stairs .
tr	O	我见过艾玛行动，并且她可以做任何她喜欢的事情。
tr	I	He only said he 'd be back but Daniel 's eyes widened in surprise , as she spoke to him .
tr	I	It is my first reaction after what had happened between us but it is cruel .
tr	I	The wonderful , euphoric feeling dissipated like gas , and it was like falling into an ice bath .
tr	I	The stars began to disperse and Riddick shook his head out .
tr	I	The bow one of the others bore in a slender hand , and Marcus noted the weapons belted at one man 's hip .
tr	O	他可以如此轻易地伤害她，然而她却完全信任他。
tr	I	I know he is , too , and I 'm staring at the floor .
tr	O	乔恩爬了上去，并且女孩们跟着。
tr	O	他没有再次直接指责她施展了魔法，但是他的语气中带着一丝怀疑。
tr	O	他们俩都看起来很害怕，但是当他们看到我安全时，这变成了愤怒。
tr	O	在她内心深处，她确实很感激，但是表面上她却在想，他怎敢那样为我辩护！
tr	I	His eyes were large and his face had softened .
tr	O	他似乎，一如既往，经历了一种奇特的融化感，并且随后就完成了。
tr	I	Carrying our 26th Century child and she was my Viking bride .
tr	O	当他们解缆时，每人拿起一支桨，并且他们朝着岸边微弱的灯光驶去。
tr	O	悉尼的脸色变得严肃起来，并且我才第一次真正注意我们所处的环境。
tr	O	然后她感觉到迈克尔跳了起来，并且有那么令人窒息的一秒她失重了，悬浮在半空中，仿佛光芒向她涌来。
tr	I	My thoughts kept returning to Mary , but I wanted to turn off my brain .
tr	I	He looked just as confused and I looked over at Taylor .
tr	O	食物补给很快被偷走了，并且枪支商店被洗劫一空。
tr	I	For a breath he looked so much older than his twenty-one years , and Rob 's mouth got a little thinner .
tr	I	Whatever was left standing inside of me broke , and she smiled .
tr	O	他的眼镜足以让他的鼻子焕然一新，并且胡子则解决了剩下的问题。
tr	I	Then , she sighed instead , but she almost shook her head .
tr	I	Deep down he 'd known he couldn 't ask her to do that , and military families made unimaginable sacrifices every day .
tr	O	奶奶的止痛药比任何骨折都更糟糕，并且我给了牛仔一个惊恐的眼神。
tr	I	He 's going to play cagey with us and he 's the one we know nothing about ?
tr	I	Her long fangs were dripping with her own blood and Lina 's eyes were white .
tr	I	He washed down the table and she handed him the hose .
tr	I	He didn 't ask , either - but I didn 't tell the Master what I was doing .
tr	O	所有看到这面旗帜的人，都会知道，这里骑行着一个被选中的部落，并且他们遵循着诸神的旨意。
tr	I	On a final pump of his hips , I spiraled over the edge and he kissed me hard .
tr	O	他的嘴唇冰冷，但是他的鼻子更冷。
tr	O	她知道其他客人在盯着她，但是她告诉自己今晚她不在乎别人怎么想。
tr	I	He belongs to me , and I belong to Reyes .
tr	O	她把脸转向我，并且我能看到泪水渗入她的衬衫。
tr	I	Clary tensed , and a murmur ran around the square .
tr	I	I heaved for breath and Sweat trickled into my eyes .
tr	O	我一直在吊着雅各布，并且他终于受够了。
tr	O	这个鲜为人知的事实引爆了好奇心的原子弹，并且新蒙特突然变成了地图上一个发光的点。
tr	O	我打开电视，并且我们并排坐着吃我们的意大利茄子三明治。
tr	O	我想过起身，看看冰箱里是否还有其他东西，但是我不愿意动。
tr	I	He never looked much happier when he got back , but hope he had fun out there .
tr	O	他抬头看着我，并且我以为他可能会大喊。
tr	I	The tension between the two of them appears to have been alleviated a little and Lea flourishes her hand at him .
tr	I	Suddenly she felt very warm , and he smiled at her again .
tr	I	Her poised smile warned one not to get too close , yet her rosy , generous mouth invited a man 's kiss .
tr	O	他们知道我们在一起，并且那让我很高兴。
tr	O	喇叭响了，并且伴随着盛大的声势，宠物鸟召来了刽子手。
tr	I	They were going to support me , but they hadn 't really known Lisa .
tr	O	他一生都在等待找到她，并且现在因为我，他们没有任何关系了。
tr	O	我们穿一样的衣服，而且我会在学校全年成为笑柄。
tr	O	他看着我唱了下一首歌，并且我感觉我全身都要融化了。
tr	I	With numbers in their favour , the Welsh would win and in a few minutes the enemy assault would hit the embankment .
tr	O	当丹洗澡的时候，我为他清理了乔安娜的旧房间，并且我听到杰克逊在修理门把手。
tr	O	他只能想象他必定是一名秩序顾问，但是他看起来太年轻了，无法如此密切地为他父亲提供建议。
tr	O	他们走向酒馆，并且特雷走进了门口。
tr	I	I 'll show you the rest of the house and come with me .
tr	O	她的屁股火辣辣地疼，并且她的阴蒂为了得到关注而跳动。
tr	I	I realized that I 'd underestimated her , and she met my eyes slyly .
tr	O	墙壁静止了，但是没有回应。
tr	I	I let my mind wander , and we became silent after that .
tr	O	如果他本可以，他会从她的记忆中抹去所有关于他自己的痕迹，但是那超出了他的能力。
tr	I	She didn 't have to look at his eyes to know who it was , and a thrill went up Madrigal 's arm from the warming touch .
tr	I	It was obviously very lucrative and he was a land developer .
tr	O	阿兰娜的眼睛睁大了，当他填满她时，如此之大，但是感觉如此之好。
tr	I	It wasn 't like she knew what she was missing , but well , that stunk .
tr	I	In my effort to not land on my leg , I slam into Nora , effectively pinning her to the counter , and I lose my balance .
tr	I	It was an immense effort of will simply to stay standing and she felt every bone in her body turn to jelly .
tr	O	让我做这个，并且我告诉你一个秘密。
tr	O	你要离开了，并且你要去的地方没有更多问题了。
tr	O	我们追捕这些怪物已经很久了，并且我们看到了一些相当可怕的景象。
tr	O	我再次试图挣脱这哐当作响的金属，但是束缚我的锁链很结实。
tr	O	皇室是世界任何地方公众无尽的魅力和浪漫化的源泉。
tr	I	Her jeans were rolled up at the hems , and her wet hair hung in dark waves over her dirty gray tee shirt .
tr	I	Julie envisioned concealing herself in her lonely bedroom to ward off the memories of too many nights , and it seemed as good a solution as any .
tr	I	The next you simply disappear , and one minute I 'm watching you have a pleasant discussion with an invading Arcadian .
tr	I	He passed up most of them but he had plenty of offers from other orchestras to do guest conducting stints .
tr	O	他停在门外，并且塔米困惑地看着他。
tr	O	他知道自己越界了，但是他也知道自己别无选择。
tr	O	这并不是一个太难完成的任务，因为希尔确实需要一些新飞行员，并且我考虑过亲自提议调职。
tr	I	It kept them loyal to him , and it kept someone on the premises at all times .
tr	I	As the first hint of color touched the horizon , they were well past Tiger Rocks , and they cleared the camp without incident .
tr	O	他已经做了他该做的事情，并且头衔可以传承下去。
tr	O	另一声叫喊让他抬起头，并且接着他看到两只小脚悬空着……从上面。
tr	O	我不想错过表演的开始，并且我的三明治在我进入下一栋楼之前就吃完了。
tr	O	她太需要挂断电话了，但是他却继续说。
tr	I	Soon she was sighing in satisfaction and he gave her all the pleasure she craved , soothing her nipple with sweet strokes of his tongue .
tr	I	I think , There you go and she winces .
tr	I	Others have felt that way too , and I 'd feel the same way .
tr	I	He kicked my hand , and I tightened my grip .
tr	O	他会喜欢这陪伴，并且他是个好人。
tr	I	For a smart kid you 're pretty dumb if you don 't understand that science isn 't perfect , and yes , I do believe that .
tr	I	We never did , but we had talked about documenting his intent in a will .
tr	O	房子看起来空荡荡的，并且这预示着不好的事情。
tr	O	一边脸颊上的一个大洞露出了洁白的牙齿，并且离梅森最远的那个眼窝是空的。
tr	O	她让律师审查了它，并且协议昨天才签署。
tr	I	People looked confused at each other , but nobody opposed .
tr	I	I wasn 't home , and I trust William 's opinions , of course .
tr	O	我们把车开进了车道，并且我关掉了引擎。
tr	O	我差点就发现了山的秘密，并且我不想让它溜走。
tr	I	His blood felt icy cold and the hairs on the nape of Matt 's neck stood out .
tr	I	The incision from surgery still pulled like hell , but the gunshot wound was six weeks old , the fractured bone about healed .
tr	O	他认为，并且我同意，现在把女孩们放在一起会很愚蠢。
tr	I	She isn 't fixable and Nan is broken .
tr	O	他把她按在墙上，并且她感觉到他的欲望顶着她。
tr	I	You know he 's going to keep us out until dark , but I have a ton of math homework to do tonight .
tr	O	在某种程度上，这一直都应该是我的道路，但是这并没有给我带来安慰。
tr	O	他弯下腰，并且有一瞬间她以为他会吻她。
tr	I	The conversation too numbing and the martini was too dry .
tr	O	我可能不得不把它们附在外壳上，而且那会耗尽我的太阳能电池储存。
tr	I	I could think more clearly in the fresh morning air , and the ocean had a calming effect on me .
tr	O	我开始伸出手去握他的手，但是他火焰纹身的一瞥让我停了下来。
tr	I	Then bowed , smiling sheepishly , and Davion held himself for a moment .
tr	I	My aunt was nowhere to be seen , but Hunter was working in the dining room .
tr	O	我不记得我具体说了什么，但是我 R知道那不会让他好看。
tr	I	I followed shortly after and she began to cry .
tr	I	She didn 't doubt he 'd offer his sympathy , but Della didn 't think Burnett would hug her .
tr	O	我们没怎么见到她，但是至少她的东西在我的塔里。
tr	O	他需要保持士气高昂，否则他们永远无法度过难关。
tr	O	我的意思是他说得对，对我而言它不仅仅是一朵花，但是我不可能解释为什么，她心想。
tr	I	They stayed well back , but a variety of curious onlookers were gathered at the roads leading deeper into the city .
tr	I	As you suspected , Liam , it was stolen , and she looked up the license number of the car .
tr	O	她的心砰砰直跳，但是她试图让它平静下来。
tr	I	I hear music playing , and the door is ajar .
tr	I	That was the extent of it , and she had only tolerated him .
tr	I	He tightened his jaw and Marcus felt the deepest pain cut into him .
tr	I	He remained mildly dizzy , and his head throbbed gently .
tr	I	This time the wyvern passed so close I could 've slapped its claws with the back of my hand , but my nimble steed dodged once more .
tr	O	他们浑身是血，并且他们俩都难以置信地，也许是震惊地看着凯蒂。
tr	O	我忍不住盯着它看。
tr	O	辉光挥舞着法杖，就像那是一根指挥棒，并且他正在指挥一场游行。
tr	O	光线增强了，并且嗡嗡声也更响了。
tr	O	这种内疚是个笑话，并且看着你自我牺牲令人筋疲力尽。
tr	I	I stepped back in surprise , and she screamed at me .
tr	O	丹尼尔踏入那双大手，并且哈特利先生轻轻地把他抱了起来。
tr	I	Sure enough , he got through , and he plugged the numbers in , just as Ashe had .
tr	O	没有必要问，并且我们俩都知道。
tr	I	There was little I could do , but I suppressed a dart of impatience .
tr	O	她迅速地瞥了一眼山顶，并且她的目光接着聚焦在一闪而过的粉色上。
tr	I	Maybe she could find Kim , but she couldn 't find freedom .
tr	I	Iona lost hold of the wheel , and her hands changed to panther again .
tr	I	Animals across the city protested in a sudden cacophony , and the buildings shook with such violence they threatened to topple .
tr	I	All color was a pale shadow of what it once had been , and the rolling wheat was gray .
tr	I	He thought he 'd never seen a sexier smile -- and then she looked down .
tr	I	You need to get him back for me , and I need Henry , Father .
tr	O	爱德华正要起身，但是丽莎踢开了他身下的椅子。
tr	I	She returned the smile and he smiled at her .
tr	O	他在我的科学课上，但是他话不多。
tr	O	他们成功返回了，但是那份安全的代价是我兄弟的生命。
tr	O	我蜷缩在座位上，并且我一直哭泣直到我们驶入机场机库。
tr	O	他的大脑快要爆炸了，并且他完全是个混蛋。
tr	O	丽兹的爸爸没有回应，但是她想象他会生红衣主教的气，尽管她不太明白那项指控。
tr	I	Underneath she seemed pleased , but he could sense she was a bit irritated at her friend .
tr	I	I drift off to sleep and it 's a losing battle .
tr	I	She wanted to see him again and she didn 't know , only that this was the most perfect , frightening night of her life .
tr	I	Trina agrees with her and Mel rolls her eyes .
tr	I	I knocked three times , and we walked up to the door .
tr	I	He just chuckled , but I nodded .
tr	I	He leaned into her again and his hand came up to rest beside her head .
tr	I	I knew it didn 't quite reach my eyes , but I allowed a small smile .
tr	I	Pat was dead , yet neither did murder .
tr	I	That had been a special kind of marriage , but he hadn 't been celibate since Mada 's death .
tr	O	我走了进去，拖着雷克斯跟我一起，并且那只狼跟着我们后面。
tr	O	我当然是，但是我摇了摇头。
tr	O	这不是真的，但是我又感到了地盘意识。
tr	I	He didn 't care what anyone said , and something was seriously wrong with that man .
tr	I	Mary Martin was playing Annie in Chicago and Ethel Merman was playing Annie in New York .
tr	I	Water Rats more recently and I saw you at The King 's Head once .
tr	I	I wonder about her family , and she seems genuinely interested .
tr	I	I wanted to make sure it was all as it needed to be , but the funeral director would be handling most of the arrangements .
tr	I	I turned to find the source , and the sound of giggles reached me .
tr	I	She basically ignored me and I quit twice .
tr	I	Anyway , he would not give them the satisfaction of seeing him grovel to them for his life and it was too late to struggle .
tr	O	我检查了我的口袋，但是它不在那里。
tr	O	我父亲带着他那政治性的笑容走到我身边，并且我知道他有求于我。
tr	O	他们慢慢地离开了现场并沿着他们来时的路走回去。
tr	I	They were nowhere in sight , but Chuck knew they were home .
tr	I	He stopped her with a hand to her shoulder , and she made to follow him .
tr	I	She was crying loudly , and one of the robbers was yelling at Brandy , one of my fellow tellers , to open the safe .
tr	I	For the swords they still carried but their hands were empty .
tr	O	其他孩子注意到了我们之间非同寻常的纽带，并且到午饭时这就成了全校的话题。
tr	O	她寻找夏多，但是那只猫不见了。
tr	O	我听到身后有声音，并且我转过身，发现杰克逊站在卧室门口。
tr	I	He caught it , and she tossed them to Speedo .
tr	I	It feels really small sometimes , but New York might be a big city .
tr	O	我不想，但是我确实花了一周大部分时间在看新闻。
tr	I	Her lips give a nervous twitch , and she lets go of my hand .
tr	I	I didn 't like having to change my plans , and I was going to have to do something different .
tr	O	它不久后就飞走了，并且我走向了湖边。
tr	I	I blew it and I overreacted .
tr	I	I took a deep breath , trying to keep my stomach from doing somersaults , and he nodded .
tr	I	She was losing substance , but I clutched at her .
tr	O	她的舌头在嘴里感觉像干皮革一样，并且她在继续之前又喝了一小口水。
tr	O	一扇门通向肯的房间，并且另一扇门通向浴室。
tr	I	She wanted him here , but it was selfish .
tr	I	I tried to focus on them now , when so much of me was feeling exposed , and they were so nice that even strangers noticed .
tr	I	His phone wasn 't handy , but his phone dinged indicating a new text message .
tr	I	I felt like I was watching a professional group perform and the band was on fire that night .
tr	I	He 'd become confident in the abilities of his subordinate Officers and the company was making significant leaps every day .
tr	I	That might be a big if , and we would have to be quiet -- if I could get through to her .
tr	I	A bad case of vertigo followed , and my breath hitched in my lungs .
tr	I	I fall fast , and I fall hard .
tr	I	His mouth curved , revealing his charming dimple , and his brilliant blue gaze lit with amusement .
tr	I	Emma had followed her into the parking lot , but she 'd driven herself .
tr	I	The other 's head drooped and his sunken eyes flared .
tr	I	He couldn 't bring himself to care about that either , but he supposed he ought to be angry , even afraid .
tr	O	我不会说我主动，但是我感兴趣的时候会采取行动。
tr	O	天快黑了，并且空气已经明显变凉。
tr	O	她发誓艾萨克是他的，并且他相信了她。
tr	O	一阵微风吹过小巷，并且我闻到了六月垃圾腐烂的甜腻气味，夹杂着腐朽的恶臭。
tr	I	Mia laughed and she stuck out her tongue .
tr	O	我们今天会听到心跳，并且我兴奋得头晕目眩。
tr	O	你的部落浪费了我的时间，并且我将拿走一些东西作为补偿。
tr	I	My hair keeps blowing around , obscuring my vision , and it 's blustery .
tr	O	他不是很确定，但是相信为了到达遥远的星系，我们必须移居到一个替代宇宙，一个平行宇宙。
tr	I	She hadn 't been aiming for it , anyway , but it wasn 't an absolute bull 's - eye .
tr	I	He was dead for another , and some part of me knew they weren 't going to find Ethan for one .
tr	O	杰米比她看起来更重，并且她的裙子不容易弯曲。
tr	O	马特是她剩下的一切，并且照顾她对他来说已经够难的了。
tr	O	门开了，并且凯拉立刻行动起来，意图杀戮。
tr	I	I suppose I could imagine a future with him , and I like Taylor .
tr	O	现在她确定了，但是她太害怕被拒绝而不敢告诉你。
tr	I	There was emotion in his eyes , but his voice was soft , earnest .
tr	O	我的手臂仍然打着石膏，并且我告诉所有人那是一场意外。
tr	O	它是音乐的，并且它与她周围的颜色相配。
tr	I	Everyone is quiet , and the other Dauntless traitors follow suit soon after .
tr	I	He held her firm but she tried to jerk away from his touch .
tr	I	Others had been punctured between their legs , but some were lifted by pikes shoved under their jaws .
tr	O	他没有察觉到任何欺骗的迹象，但是这并不意味着他信任她。
tr	I	Jack could hear nothing , not even his own squealing tires as he sped away , but the door slammed behind him .
tr	O	我可能需要一些时间来追踪这个人，但是一旦我知道些什么，我就会给你打电话。
tr	O	我妹妹凭借她平静的力量拥有那种能力，但是我还没有达到那种程度。
tr	O	这看起来都非常明显，但是我不想忘记任何一点。
tr	I	She was right to try , and Annabelle had said she wanted to move on .
tr	I	Gareth 's heart lifted to see Hywel 's banner streaming above the cavalry , and the soldiers came on at a trot .
tr	I	I see I have his attention , but Stenger is eyeing me with suspicion .
tr	I	Todd couldn 't remember feeling so alive , but the hours they slept could be counted on one hand .
tr	O	你打一个电话，并且几分钟内就有四个兄弟带着步枪出现。
tr	I	He always had my back , and he was trustworthy , handsome , strong .
tr	O	迈尔斯自2015年以来一直是第十二名，当时法案被起草并开始监禁。
tr	O	她不记得自己是如何到达那个地方的，但是她知道她喜欢它。
tr	O	他扑向她，并且她迎了上去。
tr	O	商店周六晚上仍然营业，并且当时才八点半。
tr	O	外面寒风呼啸，但是简被伊恩的爱温暖着，丝毫感受不到寒意。
tr	O	他年轻的时候遭受了更多的伤害，并且他挺过了那些。
tr	O	贝瑟尼要死了，并且这都是他的错。
tr	O	缠绕在她手腕上的磨损的绳子勒下了大块皮肤，并且一根骨头刺穿了她脚踝处的皮肤。
tr	I	He was willing to make it up to her ... but well , he did .
tr	O	他们一起经历了那么多，并且他们对彼此而言如此重要。
tr	O	我瞬间虚弱了，但是我保持了镇定。
tr	I	It didn 't quite temper the edginess that I seemed to carry around with me permanently , now , but Work was a welcome distraction .
tr	O	他的手摸到了我衬衫的边缘，并且它向上移动直到他托住了我的乳房。
tr	O	他的心在全身跳动着，并且一道汗水沿着他耳后滑落。
tr	I	Carmel assumed she was mad and her face was so serious .
tr	I	We don 't even know that she 's gone in for sure and you guys shouldn 't go back in there .
tr	O	一个巨大的笑容爬上凯瑟琳的脸，并且她的眼睛亮了起来。
tr	O	裘德是一位摇滚明星，他们的救星，并且他们正在向他致敬。
tr	I	On 3 sides of the Island you can still see land and I 've just searched some photos .
tr	O	血液流得更快了，并且红帽妖也开始聚集在他身边。
tr	I	She blinks as a few tears fall , and mom 's hand goes to her mouth .
tr	I	I sensed danger , but I could only see a few metres down it .
tr	I	I was going to go get it , and I wanted something .
tr	O	她放下米克，并且他跳着回到了里面。
tr	I	I ignore them but I 'm starting to see little flashing spots before my eyes .
tr	I	They stomped their spears in greeting , and Captain Westfall jerked his chin at the two guards standing on either side of the doors .
tr	I	Finding that this is a pretty usual state for me , but I ask , slightly confused .
tr	O	我的心因他的请求而沉落，并且泪水涌上我的眼睛。
tr	I	They are dumb but they are strong .
tr	O	它带着威胁径直朝我飞来，并且那不是赛琳。
tr	O	他把手放在屏幕上，并且我把我的手贴了上去。
tr	O	我爱她，并且我活在借来的时间里。
tr	O	他们是这样，但是我能看出艾丽比她表现出来的更不高兴。
tr	I	I was damn good at it and I loved my job .
tr	I	I turned to see him walking toward us and Mase 's heavy footsteps broke into my thoughts .
tr	O	他们来到了下一层，但是门锁着。
tr	O	藤蔓爬满了焦黑的外壳，并且树木挤了进来，森林开始夺回它在阳光下的位置。
tr	I	She fought sleep 's call , but the roar of the ocean outside lulled her .
tr	I	They were within the orbit of Saturn and if memory serves me , there were about three hundred of them .
tr	O	它击中了他的胸部，并且他向后飞去，枪也掉了下来。
tr	I	She really liked it and I took her to see the house yesterday .
tr	O	你做得够多了，并且我永远欠你人情。
tr	O	他厌倦了帮助我，并且我他妈的厌倦了需要他。
tr	O	她在袭击中掉了一只鞋，并且他没有为她找回它。
tr	O	克莱尔确实感觉到她施加在传送门上的锁断裂了，并且连接也打开了。
tr	I	I 'm acting all crazy and they aren 't even here .
tr	O	我的腿绷紧了，并且我因放松而呻吟。
tr	O	他尖叫起来，并且朱莉因他语气中的愤怒而退缩了。
tr	I	Tears just rolled down my cheeks , but I was trying not to cry .
tr	O	她没有料到玛雅会给出连贯的回答，但是她得到了一个。
tr	O	我给他打过几次电话，但是我从那时起只见过他一次，大约十年前。
tr	O	我很抱歉这给你的生活带来了麻烦，但是我不知道我能如何帮助你。
tr	O	听到这个消息他听起来很顺从，并且他听起来没有一周前那么愤怒，那么内疚了。
tr	I	He was crawling away on all fours through the fern , and Gollum had just begun to sneak off on his own .
tr	O	她在他旁边停了下来，并且他将现在焦躁不安的莎拉塞进了她的怀里。
tr	I	Neither did I. I walked around the bed , and Denver didn 't drop his gaze to look at it .
tr	I	I couldn 't recall when I had last eaten , and the pangs of hunger had caught up to me .
tr	I	It stung momentarily , and she bumped her head against what felt like a rocky outcropping in any case .
tr	I	Though he 'd directed her life , she 'd never doubted that he loved her and he 'd raised her alone .
tr	I	It would help my career immensely but she said she would miss me .
tr	I	She didn 't dare touch it until Victoria gave it to her , but Lilith stood close .
tr	I	He would have her for all time , and she was his alone .
tr	O	再次，电梯没有宣告它的到来，但是飞机通过飞向敞开的门吸引了所有人的注意力。
tr	O	我让他把我拉近，并且我们开始随着音乐摇摆。
tr	I	We 'll gloss over those , but it has its own disadvantages .
tr	O	它发出的巨大裂响没有让她吓一跳，并且它撕裂的书脊也没有丝毫困扰她。
tr	I	An internal locking mechanism triggered the seal , and it swung shut .
tr	I	She was in LA so I moved there but after a week I found her .
tr	I	His bravado was leaking but he tried for a sneer .
tr	I	She looked down by moving her eyes instead of her head , and something stirred inside her .
tr	I	She tried to push aside her growing attraction to him , and her body warmed at his touch .
tr	I	Hearing this made her heart ache , but Caitlin was happy .
tr	O	在缠绕的黑暗深处，树枝折断，树叶沙沙作响，有东西穿过荆棘移动着。
tr	I	I was nominated for an Oscar and the movie won the Box Office Blue Ribbon Award .
tr	I	They paled in comparison to having this man in control , but yeah , she 'd had self-induced orgasms over the years .
tr	I	I 'm sure we can work something out , but I don 't know how much time being a muse demands .
tr	I	He had heard her , yet she had not spoken the words aloud .
tr	O	我在七点左右醒来，并且我真的，真的不想起床。
tr	O	贝瑟尼，这都不是你的错，并且一切都向着最好的方向发展了。
tr	O	他沿着街道冲去，但是恶魔们已经离开了。
tr	O	他曾试图阻止泰勒下床，但没有成功，并且他现在也没有太多运气说服泰勒回到床上。
tr	I	Since I was dressed for the part , I opted to play party girl , and it was time to bluff .
tr	I	Barry began another massive rolling of his eyes and Bernstein now was ready for his Soup Speech .
tr	O	女性们避开他们，并且尽管变形者尊重他们，他们也对他们感到不安。
tr	I	You 're welcome to stand there , or you 're welcome to return it .
tr	O	他们走了进去，并且气氛变了。
tr	I	The game was largely played in silence , to a tie , and Caroline was just as determined .
tr	I	I know she means me well , and Renée has been kind to me .
tr	I	She was angry , but Jiao said nothing .
tr	I	It has to be Anthony , and it has to be now .
tr	O	我想把他从我身上甩开，但是我只是僵在那里。
tr	I	He stared at King Ignis with a look that bordered on contempt , and he was dressed in amour of the manner of his men .
tr	O	男孩们已经为此工作了两天，并且还有几天的工作要做。
tr	O	她指向索尔的尸体，并且广猛地别过头，他的胃部抽紧了。
tr	O	学校里每个女孩都为他疯狂，而且他问了我。
tr	I	The goose shifted its gaze to him , and Tar stepped toward it .
tr	I	I could control myself perfectly , and I was strong , bold .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I slid into the lane next to her , attempting to ignore her .
tr	O	亚历山大知道他从一开始就应该忽略她，但是他倾向于想让每个人都开心。
tr	I	I 'm fine , but I know you saw that report on CNN .
tr	O	他走到我身后，并且我仍然没有看他。
tr	I	When you 're young , you really don 't think about it , but hearing other people 's thoughts is really annoying more than anything else .
tr	I	The force of it spun me and I wasn 't expecting it .
tr	I	Yet the first person she 'd wanted to turn to in this crisis had been Troy , and that was progress .
tr	O	她的嘴唇微启，并且她发出了轻柔的呻吟，无法控制自己。
tr	I	Black 's first conclusion was a no-brainer , and it was an extract from a national publication which had been pasted into the local edition .
tr	O	玛丽奶奶很和蔼，并且她喜欢听八卦。
tr	O	门敞开了，并且麦克斯·曼宁走了进来。
tr	O	守护者敲了门，并且门开了。
tr	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且他微笑着继续说话，从未将目光从我身上移开。
tr	I	I am rigid with alarm as Jake 's truck materializes around the corner and the cough of an abused engine startles me .
tr	O	罗里原以为凯恩说过他的女儿并非亲生，但是她现在这种感觉是确凿无疑的。
tr	I	I did feel a little lighter but I didn 't laugh .
tr	O	血液检测已经证明我体内携带了几种不同的狼人病，但是我仍然保持着人形。
tr	O	她的星座预示着安家，并且她无力抵抗。
tr	I	They spent a lot of time there , and he had built a treehouse for her .
tr	O	他的膝盖猛地跳了一下，并且一圈血迹开始在他的裤子上扩散。
tr	O	布莱克小姐不会再给我一次机会了，并且我也不想要。
tr	I	Everyone seemed to believe them and the government made up some reason for why I was gone so long .
tr	I	She had never dared repeat it , but he had told it to her often , the sound blending with his accent to form something beautiful .
tr	I	He looked away , but Ali tried to make eye contact with him .
tr	O	震动越来越剧烈，并且停顿也越来越少。
tr	I	That had been thirty years ago , and the cousin was never seen again .
tr	O	她拉开了门，并且房间里充满了明亮的光。
tr	I	I don 't know why and I just break the glass .
tr	O	我从来不是一个有语言天赋的人，但是我明白这一点。
tr	I	Behind her defiance he saw great fear , but the light in her eyes was angry , very angry .
tr	I	He had Damian 's back , but Jenson could be an ass .
tr	I	The door panels stayed closed for several minutes , and the elevator door closed before she could exit .
tr	I	He meant it kindly , but a little stiff perhaps .
tr	I	What was worse , but he was furious ?
tr	I	I can 't say I blame them , and no other Supernatural will join our war .
tr	O	我不想在电话里说，但是他们今天已经试图找到伊莉安娜一次了。
tr	I	You had heroes , and you had civilisation , such as it was .
tr	I	He 'd made an effort but I 'd been so mad at him I hadn 't even noticed .
tr	O	她显然在听，但是她没有看着她的丈夫。
tr	I	He roared , and a sheaf of dark hair sprouted from his head , his tiny face screwed up .
tr	O	我说了我们会的，并且我是认真的！
tr	O	凯莉对可爱的术士没有什么意见，但是佩里是他们中的一员。
tr	I	I don 't need to see her face to know she agrees , but it 's too dark to see Nina 's expression .
tr	O	剪刀开始剪掉他漆黑的头发，但是他的眼睛被他疤痕的褶皱皮肤吸引住了。
tr	I	I bring her hand down with mine and my hand drops from her face .
tr	I	He fumbled for words and Thomas ' cheeks heated up .
tr	I	There were a few that would take a bit longer , but apart from my new tattoo , most of my wounds were already healing .
tr	O	米娅·斯诺在里面等我们，并且我经历了一阵似曾相识的感觉。
tr	I	They 'd lost sight of hope years ago and they didn 't feel control because they didn 't see a solution .
tr	O	艾什深吸了一口气，并且他的眼睛变得像暴风雨般湛蓝。
tr	I	I don 't understand why he thinks this is funny and Rian lets out a laugh .
tr	O	她的脚陷在泥里，并且她差点脸朝下摔倒。
tr	O	他每隔几周就带一个不同的女孩回家见我们父母，并且每个约会对象似乎都为他疯狂。
tr	I	Not believing it and like being handed a winning lottery ticket .
tr	I	You won 't be able to deal with it , and Stuff will come out .
tr	I	He gathered the strength for one more shot at her , but beads of perspiration were breaking out on his forehead .
tr	O	妈妈的血统有一半是苏格兰人，一半是希腊人，但是娜迪亚懒得提那件事。
tr	O	他以前从未那样做过，回头看，并且他不喜欢那样。
tr	O	蒂根拿出四个木盒子，并且我们把它们拿到沙发上看看里面有什么。
tr	O	下面黑暗中仍然住着成千上万的人，但是几乎所有人都似乎在争相逃离。
tr	O	她的脸憔悴枯槁，并且我的眼泪终于夺眶而出。
tr	I	We 'd been moved to other duties since then , and the powers above Alex were thankful for our efforts that day .
tr	O	这座塔歪斜着，被碰了一下，但是它依然挺立着。
tr	I	It had turned out to be a fairly good actor in a red suit , but of course , it wasn 't the real one .
tr	I	What I see fills me with dismay , and I can peer through the glass doors .
tr	I	His hand moved toward his pocket , where I could see a gleam of silver , and his eyelids fluttered .
tr	I	I can 't figure it out what it is , yet it 's like her words have a hidden meaning .
tr	I	She stroked his thick mane without conscious thought , and he needed to feel her touch , the brush of her fingers in his hair .
tr	I	Her body began to relax , and Amusement was creeping into her voice .
tr	O	伤员无法站起来战斗，但是箭雨也没有停止。
tr	O	他的话语在我耳边回响，并且我突然感到呼吸困难。
tr	I	They 'd gotten scattered a little and I 'd leafed through them briefly .
tr	I	His eyes grew a tad brighter with obvious anger , and he asked .
tr	I	She fixed her eyes on Sini and her fingers rubbed her pendant .
tr	I	Immediately I turned away and his gaze met mine .
tr	O	我明天要庆祝圣诞节，即便只有我和一棵小树，你做什么由你决定。
tr	I	I saw now that it had begun to wane , but the moon was high in the sky , as it had been the night before .
tr	I	That included a floor , and there was nothing beyond .
tr	O	她跳下时，它打在她的肩膀上，并且她注意到有血流出来。
tr	I	He 'd tricked her , and this thing was a demon .
tr	I	The lifting up is His death on the cross , and the Son of man is Jesus Christ .
tr	I	His touch was gentle , but his hands gripped her ankles .
tr	O	那似乎回答了我的问题，但是我想要完全确定。
tr	I	She really hated herself each time she detonated in his arms , and she didn 't think she 'd be able to tell him no .
tr	I	I suddenly remembered that he didn 't know how to swim , and he backed up as the tide washed onto the beach .
tr	I	The heist will happen as it 's supposed to , and I 'll knock him out , drag him outside .
tr	O	那是我最近和周六晚上。
tr	O	她的朋友很痛苦，并且她不知道如何鼓励她。
tr	O	洛根会策划他能想到的每一个邪恶计划，并且塔比会执行它。
tr	O	我不想放弃，并且我不想失去他。
tr	I	Maybe Aunt M had finally got what she wanted , and she had wanted to go to that happy place .
tr	O	到目前为止，他的困惑还没有变得危险，但是我仍然担心。
tr	I	I suck in a mouthful of air when I see the face walking through and my body goes rigid .
tr	I	Her eyes didn 't show anything and she didn 't look at him .
tr	O	杰伊的声音打断了他的思绪，并且他抬头看了看她，然后又低下头看了看咖啡。
tr	I	I gasp and he turns to me .
tr	I	Putting them back on my bed and Lottie started folding shirts .
tr	O	随着时间的推移，我可能已经和某人组建了家庭，但是我永远也找不到真爱。
tr	O	“振作起来，萨顿，”我对自己说，并且我挺直了身子。
tr	O	我们会讲出来，并且我们会把它完成。
tr	O	他的手臂垂到身侧，并且他接着转身面对我。
tr	I	It 's not like money had ever made me happy , but I hadn 't had to worry about money .
tr	O	只需要一点点机缘巧合，并且大家哀悼的可能就是杰克了。
tr	O	他说他明白了，但是我不知道为什么。
tr	I	He held it tighter , and I tried to jerk my arm back .
tr	O	她并没有指控他与他们做了任何事，但是她不能一直让人代替她。
tr	I	Jamie decided to ignore it , but his attitude was slightly defensive .
tr	O	也许事情远不止如此，但是需要比我更聪明的人才能看清。
tr	O	他不敢相信自己有多么想念摩根，并且她才离开一天。
tr	I	I wouldn 't have received this note or I must be getting close .
tr	O	她听起来很年轻，但是有些女人很难分辨。
tr	I	My eyebrows reach for the ceiling and I felt my eyes widen .
tr	I	His fingers tightened around hers , but the waves of anger were still rolling off of him .
tr	I	He would be done as far as his time setter job , and those additional jumps would bring Ryan to his twelfth trip .
tr	I	I was known as his pet , and I had learned that Draco was what demon 's considered my master .
tr	I	Someone else may take her home and if he didn 't see her she would probably go to Salisbury .
tr	O	他的身体是我的攀爬架，而且我将双腿环绕在他身上。
tr	O	阿刻戎是个极有耐心的人，而且塔隆以前从未见过阿刻戎发怒。
tr	O	她的衬衫有点血迹，而且我希望那是别人的。
tr	I	Things just got uglier every month , and I was doing the whole highway patrol thing , handing out citations , arresting drunk drivers .
tr	O	那不完全是棕榈叶，但是掌声也只能凑合了。
tr	O	她拒绝称赞他所选的清爽美味的葡萄酒，但是那确实很美妙。
tr	O	他早些时候已经向他们每个人明确表示了，而且他们也明白了他们的职责。
tr	I	He tilts my chin so that I can 't look away from him , but my gaze darts away from his .
tr	O	一次跌落可能不会要我的命，但是天啊，那一定会很疼。
tr	O	夜间的空气让她感到寒冷，并且她把双臂抱在胸前。
tr	O	我已全力配合你，并且我已明确表示我没什么好说的了，所以给我让开，女士。
tr	O	有些理论认为氧化过程的缓慢燃烧与此有关，但是从未有人真正测试过它。
tr	I	You never felt other people like that , but you were always strong .
tr	O	说出那样的话后她应该离开，但是她不能。
tr	I	I run back to the bathroom and Gavin takes the phone from my hand .
tr	O	它一直就在我眼前，并且我却没有看出来的头脑。
tr	I	A large picture of Austen greeted everyone inside the church and there were flowers everywhere .
tr	I	It didn 't matter now , but maybe it was true that she was a silly girl who fell in love all too easily .
tr	O	那是一个她从未听过的女人的声音，但是它真诚的恳求令人感到慰藉。
tr	O	她一个字也听不懂，但是它却依然很熟悉。
tr	I	The Davis building was empty now , but the lights were still on inside .
tr	I	I tugged on the sides of my woolen cloak , and the mountain air now felt cold .
tr	O	他跟着我进了我的房子，并且那时一切都爆发了。
tr	I	She gazed back at her guardian , and Theodosia looked at her in astonishment .
tr	I	Most of their thoughts are unimportant , but people think much .
tr	O	餐桌已经铺好了桌布，并且我的父亲正在和爱德华深入讨论。
tr	I	Her hair seemed to thin before my eyes , and this morning , her face was ridiculously pale .
tr	O	夜色深沉，并且这首歌以甜美的海妖之音催眠着我。
tr	I	I quickly realized they were bruised , not broken , but she gasped when I touched her ribs on the side she 'd landed on .
tr	I	Some of the pages are falling off from the spiral and the edges of the cover are tattered .
tr	O	我知道我的老板察觉到我状态不佳，并且他每天都针对我。
tr	I	The smith bulged outwards , and he whispered .
tr	O	声音并不隐秘，但是该行动了。
tr	O	我们完成了翻译，并且夫人给我们布置了作业。
tr	O	告诉她完整的诅咒会导致不必要的恐慌，并且现在他完全理解了为何他的母亲不知道。
tr	I	She took an angry step forward and Izzy 's hands curled into fists .
tr	I	The world began to spin , and suddenly the adrenaline that had kept me upright was gone .
tr	O	它们可能是无害的，或者它们可能是危险的。
tr	I	I think he 's happy being there , and people still adore him .
tr	I	My pager would vibrate and I used to go to your recitals .
tr	I	She was smarter than she 'd realized and that was actually a blessing .
tr	O	她的狼群冲破了树林，并且她看到了她所猎捕的东西。
tr	O	他打算坚定，但是他可以控制住自己的脾气。
tr	O	士兵们可能正在杰克逊山街头喧闹，而且他觉得自己愚蠢地落入了他们的陷阱。
tr	O	我抓住了他，而且他知道。
tr	O	女孩们结束后，她们穿着冬装出去了，而且四人组冲了出去。
tr	I	Wasn 't a member of the Hunt and she wasn 't dressed like any of the servants .
tr	I	She squirmed frantically , and she felt the probe go in deeper .
tr	I	Lukas led her as easily as if it were broad daylight , but she may as well have been , considering the blackness that surrounded her .
tr	I	I won 't run errands for producers - especially not for Hummel , but I may have to stand under streetlights swinging my plastic purse .
tr	I	Then she suddenly stood up , but Georgina appeared deep in thought .
tr	O	他越是思考，就越是相信，先生很像拿着上膛枪的约书亚，而且那很可怕。
tr	O	他打开了门，而且当他看到我时，我知道他知道我为什么在这里。
tr	O	我拥有他的记忆，而且如果梦想是我能记住他、与他在一起的唯一方式，那就这样吧。
tr	I	Everyone is silent , and the clip ends .
tr	O	我们都因他的缺席而悲伤，而且我们的工作几乎没有乐趣。
tr	I	She felt her heart skip a beat and he smiled at her then .
tr	O	仿佛记忆在那里，但是我无法找回它。
tr	I	She was a good person , and she was beautiful .
tr	I	She 'd been prepared to make adjustments if he balked and there were some changes that would cost more than a pretty penny .
tr	O	那些家伙本可以穿着旧垃圾袋，并且他们看起来仍然很帅。
tr	O	她停顿了一下，压抑着饥饿，但是随后就狼吞虎咽地吃掉了它。
tr	I	She turned around so Paul couldn 't see her weakness , and one slid down her cheek .
tr	O	我瞥了一眼罗斯，但是他的表情难以捉摸。
tr	O	他在四点，并且还需要四次行程才能回到1872年。
tr	I	He joined her , and Elizabeth was seated at the kitchen table .
tr	O	屋顶被砸开了，并且东西开始着火。
tr	O	娜丁和她一起走了，并且我把目光从她身上移开去寻找瑞克。
tr	I	He drew a long , shuddering breath , and Tiger Man 's gaze went to Amanda .
tr	I	He went over to get my clothes , tossing them to me and Marshall laughed .
tr	O	她周围的墙壁似乎在向她逼近，并且她喘着气，颤抖着。
tr	O	她知道警察已经搜查过那里了，并且她一想到这，就心里一颤。
tr	O	一声叹息掠过他全身，并且他把视线从港口移开了。
tr	I	Nothing like this , but the claustrophobia had been bad before .
tr	I	I couldn 't move , but I attempted to sink into my seat in order to hide .
tr	I	That was not to be , but he wished he were getting the hell out of here tonight .
tr	O	有时他们会接吻，并且他会停下来，站起身，走开几步，甩了甩手。
tr	I	He is very , very confused , Eli , and Young spirits are often confused .
tr	O	他们有很多事情要讨论，但是他清单上最重要的一项就是这个所谓的举动。
tr	O	他还在微笑，但是他的话却很认真。
tr	I	His eyes were screwed shut , and his face was pale .
tr	I	Her underlying scent was warm with wanting , and she smelled clean like a mountain meadow .
tr	O	我感觉它会吞噬我，并且我欣然接受了它。
tr	I	I refused to let go , but I felt blood trickle from my nose .
tr	O	莉迪亚说她会告诉其他人，并且他们会在那里和我们会合。
tr	O	我们和几棵树发生了一点小摩擦，但是我说了什么来着？
tr	I	I tell him so and I know what amnesia is !
tr	O	我清楚她想要什么，但是我假装没有注意到。
tr	O	陛下是一位老人，但是一位恢复健康的老人。
tr	I	You must 've been out of range , but I tried calling half an hour ago .
tr	O	他已经把自己的意思表达清楚了，并且他需要慢下来。
tr	O	他的嘴离开了我的胸部，并且他把我的脸拉向了他。
tr	I	I read the journal because it 's brilliant , and I 've lived here since I was born .
tr	I	Lauren claps her hands together , and Max leaves .
tr	O	她吸了口气，紧闭着嘴，但是它又立刻张开了。
tr	O	他有时会想一场好架是否能帮助他们的婚姻，但是打架需要两个人。
tr	I	I stopped it in mid air with a burst of energy , and the football came sailing at my head , then .
tr	I	Perhaps it held one before the pox epidemic , and you can tell it was built for a larger gathering .
tr	O	我试图在皇后房里小睡，但是我一个人待着比安慰更令人毛骨悚然。
tr	O	罗娜的父亲拍了拍她的肩膀，并且她退回了帐篷。
tr	O	萨沙完美的双唇微启，并且随着他向她走近一步，他身侧的手握成了拳头。
tr	I	I need to sleep , but there are things I need to tell you , tell everybody .
tr	O	太阳正照耀着，但是风仍然很冷。
tr	I	He didn 't stop walking , but he soon lost the individual .
tr	O	这是一种奇特的共生关系，利用信标本身进行跳跃，但是我认为这正是古人一直以来的意图。
tr	I	I had other things on my mind , but it seemed odd that Beale would assign a footman to look after us for a Coach ride .
tr	I	We both started laying out our defenses on his map , and I sat down beside him .
tr	O	他四十八岁，并且我母亲留下来抚养我们八个孩子。
tr	O	谎言是真实的，并且真理受到惩罚。
tr	I	I was still broken , but he might have healed .
tr	I	The engine still rumbled low , and the cabin light burned bright .
tr	I	They just don 't have the answers or we don 't know if they 're intentionally keeping information from us .
tr	I	As she said , I had time to decide , and Thalia 's enthusiasm was definitely contagious .
tr	I	He was taking deep breaths , trying to fight through the obvious pain , but his entire body was trembling .
tr	O	我为他们预订演出，并且他们不抱怨。
tr	O	随着光线消逝，那是铰链的吱呀声，并且门关上了。
tr	O	草坪很小，几乎没有草，但是泥土被扫得很干净。
tr	O	他也击中了它的上臂，并且盔甲立即因冲击而坍塌。
tr	O	我忍不住笑了，并且她给了我一个不悦的眼神。
tr	I	It worked for her , but I wasn 't sure if the tendrils were intentional .
tr	O	你必须找到它们，并且它们在你的良知中成长。
tr	O	辛西娅的保护者要么是在赌他们会回来……，或者他知道我成为有价值人质的另一个原因。
tr	I	They looked at the table and the others followed .
tr	O	我迫不及待想带你回家，所以你就会知道我们家人都很好，一切都会好的。
tr	O	我把手放在他的手臂上，并且他让我把他转向我。
tr	I	I wasn 't complaining , but Moving didn 't qualify .
tr	I	No kiss had ever made me feel so much before , but it wasn 't my first kiss .
tr	O	房间开始旋转，并且我喘着气呼吸。
tr	O	它们吓到我，因为我知道它们的来源，并且我知道我无法阻止它们。
tr	O	她曾是一个拥有华丽、精致之美的精灵，并且他是她唯一的儿子。
tr	I	I could tell he was pacing , and he growled .
tr	I	I tore into my packet , and we 'd grabbed some trail mix from the dining hall this morning .
tr	I	She felt Rush 's eyes slowly search her face , and she was stunned .
tr	I	She had to smile , and his companions were shaking their heads emphatically .
tr	I	His tight chest seized and a memory came to Colin .
tr	O	显然查德决定亲自杀了我，但是我决定不顺从地走向屠宰。
tr	I	He showed it visibly and this had shaken him .
tr	I	Her fingernails dug into Hanna 's skin , and her lips curled into a cruel smile .
tr	I	There were rust spots around the bottom and his box was older .
tr	O	我们看着沃特金斯护士，并且沃特金斯护士看着我们。
tr	O	我猜我确实看起来很神秘，但是实际上，我不是。
tr	O	他张开了嘴，但是没有任何话语出来。
tr	O	她的眼睛像我一样是蓝色的，并且她的脸被卷发环绕着。
tr	O	我请求获准进入，并且他们让我进去了。
tr	O	她只听过这些话一次，但是她向来学得很快。
tr	O	没人会猜到我是那个害羞内向的人，并且塔姆辛是一个外向开朗的人。
tr	I	He had to task himself with treating her gently , no matter that she said she was recovered and it mirrored his own .
tr	O	盖·贾罗德是一种毒品，并且她的身体渴望得到满足。
tr	O	肖恩意味深长地瞥了基利安一眼，并且基利安回瞪了他一眼。
tr	O	他们坐进了豪华皮沙发，随着发动机启动，船开始驶回水面。
tr	I	Again nothing happened , and I tried again .
tr	O	我希望其他人至少能说那么多，但是他们没有。
tr	O	泰尔·维加出现在她家门口，并且艾玛没有介绍伊森是她的男朋友。
tr	I	I believed it and his eyes were smiling .
tr	O	当我告诉帕特里克为贾斯敏出多少钱时，他差点晕过去，但是我立场坚定。
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around my waist and he pulled me to him so our chests were touching .
tr	I	He felt the thin blades , razor-sharp , cutting deep , but in his present form he was able to slip through .
tr	I	There wasn 't much money in that , but after graduating , I worked for the Duke Maritime Institute as a dive specialist .
tr	O	我向他伸出手，并且他握住了。
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but even infuriated , Hope was already ready to admit that .
tr	O	这可能只是巧合，或者可能不是。
tr	O	她假装忽略他，但是他并不相信。
tr	I	That could be used to Dominic 's advantage , and the man really didn 't like the visitors .
tr	O	加布里埃尔已经习惯了诺伦从不直呼他的名字，并且他回应了一个眼神。
tr	O	我们可以谈谈，但是我们没必要都一起脱光。
tr	I	The tape limited me to mumbles but I tried to scream in protest .
tr	O	她已经多年没见过他了，但是他仍然带着那种放荡不羁的气质。
tr	I	Paul settled himself under the blanket with a sigh of satisfaction and it was luxuriously warm in the coach .
tr	I	She understood the feeling and his eyes closed briefly .
tr	I	She walked the long hallway one last time and Chapter Thirty Emma felt nervous down to her toes as Albert .
tr	I	I reminded myself that this was a fling and I felt an insidious warmth in my chest .
tr	O	她有邻居，但是他们分布得很开，给人一种路上的每栋房子都置身于自己私人森林中的错觉。
tr	I	His vision went black and the back of his head bounced off the ground .
tr	O	我知道，但是它仍然刺痛着。
tr	I	I slowly started to rise and a hand grabbed my collar .
tr	I	The effort felt too much , but she tried to open her eyes .
tr	O	他们开车去了最近的商场，距离二十分钟路程，并且卡拉让亚历克萨做她的事。
tr	I	She didn 't want it to end , and the kiss was hot , passionate .
tr	O	另一个人皱着眉头，全神贯注，并且一滴汗珠顺着那些纹路流了下来。
tr	I	They were somehow liquid , but they weren 't warm .
tr	I	The linked rafts began to drift apart and the ropes were finally severed .
tr	I	The chain on their ankles restrain them but they reach towards the timber above them .
tr	I	I sang along with songs from Saturday Night Fever , and I listened to dance music on the way over to Shreveport .
tr	O	争吵就会爆发，并且艾利克斯就会躲到她卧室的衣柜里。
tr	O	他感觉到她沉浸在那份舒适中，将它裹在自己身上，仿佛她很冷，并且那是唯一能温暖她的东西。
tr	I	Kylie looked back to free it and her luggage caught on the row of seats where the blond boy sat .
tr	O	他开枪了，并且玻璃在车辆的乘客侧爆炸了。
tr	I	His breathing seemed strong , but his eyes were closed .
tr	I	She crawled out from under him and he pulled out , moved minutely to give her the ability to shift .
tr	I	She is one of you , and I have found that person .
tr	I	Her gaze made him feel small , but she was a good foot shorter .
tr	I	Serena risks another glance around the corner and the low murmur of voices grow silent .
tr	I	The minute Amy had left for college , Larry had taken it over but Amy , being the only girl , had always had her own bedroom .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything , but Shane blinked .
tr	O	它一动不动，并且它的脖子周围有一摊血。
tr	I	We would be running for our lives and if it were their intention to do that to us right now , they would have released us .
tr	O	这个词对我的思想来说是陌生的，更不用说在我的舌尖了，并且我确信我永远不会习惯这个想法。
tr	O	她的思绪如此之多，并且胸口如此沉重，她没有注意到自己已无意识地开始旋转头顶的灯光。
tr	O	女人们对此起哄了，并且那个女孩也在咯咯地笑。
tr	O	会议很有趣，并且产生了一些微妙的化学反应。
tr	I	That scared me , and Georgina 's voice softened an octave .
tr	O	他知道这对于两位律师来说必然是完全无法理解的，但是他正在强调这一点。
tr	I	The cart began to descend , and there was an exaggerated shake .
tr	O	他欢迎法国人的帮助，但是他们的帮助能力也仅限于此。
tr	I	I 'd already slapped it together , and the sauce was what truly made the fish .
tr	O	她开始走向他，但是一阵眩晕感向她袭来。
tr	I	Luckily he was pointed towards the direction of the rail station and Wil got off the bus not knowing where he was .
tr	O	我把杯子放得有点太重了，并且一些樱桃可乐溅到了吧台上。
tr	I	If you knew my father , you would know how much easier said than done that was but I tried questioning him .
tr	I	I ran upstairs and she ran out to get them .
tr	O	他的嘴唇再次覆上我的，并且我的心跳开始在胸口狂奔。
tr	I	To his dismay , she was smiling at him , and the man 's hands rested far too comfortably around Tara 's waist .
tr	I	He 'd never bothered with it again , and he 'd always loved photography when he was younger ... then Earl smashed his camera .
tr	I	Then I want him decently buried , and store him safely away until I 've recovered .
tr	I	He hadn 't wanted anyone since Sarita 's death , and he wanted her .
tr	O	被告托比亚斯·凯勒从一开始就似乎是一个容易对付的目标，但是检察官绝没有想到事情会如此简单。
tr	O	他挑战了我，并且那种熟悉感仍在继续。
tr	I	I was nestled to his side and he was laying on his back .
tr	I	That lack of contact had more to do with their schedules than anything else , but Gio didn 't speak to Luke often .
tr	I	I made her proud and I feel like she 's with me .
tr	O	她的第一反应是猛地挣脱，但是害怕那样会暴露太多，她强迫自己显得平静。
tr	O	种子随着他的话语而生长，并且我因恐惧而颤抖。
tr	O	他吸吮、轻咬，用下巴的胡茬摩擦着她，并且她所能做的就是努力控制她日益增长的冲动。
tr	I	Drake was glad Trace had said them , but maybe Trace 's words were a lie .
tr	I	A weak cheering broke out amongst the troops and the final foes fell .
tr	I	Robin doesn 't move right away , but the bell rings .
tr	I	He liked the fact that she was still a virgin , but he didn 't know why .
tr	O	她自从抵达后一直睡得很好，但是这种感觉太过新奇，无法视为理所当然。
tr	I	He suspected their visit wasn 't a friendly sibling get-together , and she 'd been bugging him ever since she met Savannah .
tr	O	好的，但是我请求你在此事上不要和她说话，直到……明天。
tr	O	不是莉娜，但是它让我吓了一跳。
tr	I	It held fast , but he bent to throw the spool of wire from the bed of the truck .
tr	O	奥利试图抓住我的手腕，但是我猛地抽回了手。
tr	I	When I glanced at her , she was resting her head against the glass once more , and she said nothing .
tr	O	这并不是我无法处理的事情，但是这使得进展缓慢。
tr	O	怪物退了回去，并且泥泞的水在它周围涌动。
tr	O	她的眼睛闭着，并且她的手紧握抵在他的胸前。
tr	I	I saw that she was smiling , and I looked up into her face .
tr	O	大约一周前我通过便条问过你是否认为你可能知道他是谁，并且你什么也没说。
tr	O	我呼出一口气，并且我的手指掐进了她的手臂。
tr	I	Then his gaze drifted to her thin , soft looking lips , and he found himself staring into her eyes for a short moment .
tr	I	I didn 't give him the chance , but he opened his mouth like he wanted to say something to me .
tr	I	I can make my own decisions and I 'm a big girl now .
tr	I	The information was kept from him once he started schooling , but he knew he 'd heard the name of his home world several times .
tr	I	Nobody argued with the Goth dwarf , but we all looked at each other .
tr	I	It would be embarrassing if anyone knew he was holding an FBI card , but he didn 't know anyone in the room .
tr	O	一个计时器在她身后响了，并且她转过身来，很高兴有别的东西可以分散她的注意力。
tr	O	谷仓旁的门关上了，并且当我走到它那里时，我费力地输入我的密码。
tr	I	In comparison , I couldn 't fathom how I 'd ever imagined he was good-looking , and I hadn 't seen him since before I met Sam .
tr	I	I see the smile playing at the corners of his mouth , but he pretends to be irked that I 'm coming across bossy .
tr	O	他点了点头，用手背擦着额头，并且我突然注意到他的皮肤有多湿润。
tr	O	艾米丽没有回答，但是这是真的。
tr	O	Aria重重地吞咽了一下，努力平复她狂跳的心脏和她的恐惧。
tr	O	春天的空气刚好凉爽得令人心旷神怡，并且太阳刚刚开始在水面西沉。
tr	I	Edwin gained a few extra inches of legroom in return , and they needed someone able to open the door in the event of an emergency .
tr	I	She 'd been raised in a British one , but his mother married into an American crime family .
tr	O	他的手指疼痛地掐进我的皮肤，并且那冷漠而严峻的面具已经碎裂。
tr	O	他从不质疑，并且我勉强接受了。
tr	I	Nothing like what the stories said the mated pairs enjoyed , but he had received a slight strength increase from that wolf blood .
tr	I	Fields , farms , silos to store the grain and there are orchards .
tr	O	他呻吟了，并且她的嘴巴干了。
tr	I	This time the Second Sun canisters weren 't going to do much with the sun already out and I had to think fast .
tr	I	She hoped showing them what a perverted cheat Jackson really was might put them off the scent and she had no idea what they might find .
tr	I	I inhaled the unique , comforting smell of horse , and his silky neck was warm against my cheek .
tr	I	It was his preference for avoiding violence that stayed him from joining Mossad , but Yosef had been accepted to both agencies .
tr	I	There he was and she turned around .
tr	I	Those weren 't pivotal , but I 'd skipped many other entries .
tr	O	许多人把我贴上她奴隶的标签，并且她没有做任何事来消除那些信念。
tr	I	I sure hoped there wasn 't anybody human within hearing distance and Weldon was shouting at times .
tr	O	他的财务状况不佳，并且那个机会曾看似是天赐良机。
tr	I	I put my phone away , deciding I would just call him later and he asked .
tr	O	两人之间心照不宣地告别了，并且他心碎地离开了。
tr	I	Yet , he couldn 't get her out of his head and she was off-limits .
tr	I	Then things of value rarely were , but she had known it wouldn 't be easy .
tr	O	每个人都认为她经验丰富，是个见过世面的女人，并且那正是她希望他们看到的。
tr	O	我想他真的爱上我了，并且也许我也爱上他了。
tr	O	我的思绪漫无边际，并且我无法整理我的思绪。
tr	O	他脸上坚定的神情令人恐惧，并且我的心跳加速。
tr	I	For a moment I thought she was going to order me away again and Anne stiffened .
tr	I	It was always lonely there , not what a home should mean but the house she 'd bought at Byron Bay was her writing base .
tr	O	他回望着，目光锁住了我的，并且我想我看到了他一丝笑意。
tr	O	那时我看到了他眼中的痛苦，并且我的心为我们俩都碎了。
tr	O	他很脏，但是我几乎没有注意到。
tr	O	我相当希望鲍勃能躲在他的伪装网后面保持沉默，并且他做到了。
tr	I	The conversation fell silent for a moment and Chuck noticed that Gail seemed distracted all of a sudden .
tr	I	It 's very easy , and I 've done this before .
tr	I	I had no idea where he went , and he didn 't have a cell phone .
tr	O	他多么希望可以告诉她她的恐惧是多么愚蠢，但是它们并非如此。
tr	O	我想把书拿出来，但是这样做不安全。
tr	I	All John 's attempts were futile , and the bed leg kept falling down .
tr	O	这里正在进行拍摄，并且我通常会去看看。
tr	I	His face was stone and she looked at him .
tr	I	I wanted to kick myself for allowing things to go any other way and my ray of sunshine was back .
tr	I	It 's not driving me crazy because I know what it means , but this hunger is far worse .
tr	I	I barely got my teeth brushed before I was hopping in his Jeep and just like Isaac said , he was here at six on the dot .
tr	O	她伸出手，并且帷幕便滑落了，尽管她只是轻轻一碰，露出一面银色的立式镜子。
tr	O	眼泪又涌了出来，并且我在意识的边缘摇摇欲坠。
tr	I	She liked him in spite of that , but not much of it had been good .
tr	O	她无力地靠着，并且垫子抚摸着她。
tr	I	How many more , he couldn 't tell , and there would be more on the other side .
tr	I	The shaman 's face was there grinning at him again and he tried to look down as best as he could .
tr	I	I knew how wiped out he 'd be and he 'd been flying for hours .
tr	O	我无法呼吸，因为我松了一口气，并且我刚刚跑上四层楼梯。
tr	I	Soon a serial killer is grabbing headlines , and then the first murder victim is found .
tr	O	问题留待以后再说，并且毫无疑问，会有很多问题。
tr	O	她没有时间读遗嘱，但是那封信告诉了她所有她需要知道的事情。
tr	I	He needed a change , and the land development business wasn 't as exciting as it had once been .
tr	I	I welcomed it , but there was some pain , of course .
tr	O	我作为亚历克西斯尽力而为，但是我需要成为一个全新的人。
tr	O	我对着DJ大喊，但是他只是摇了摇头。
tr	O	他不在这里，然而那些声音还没有回来。
tr	I	All of a sudden I felt something pressed into my back and I continued searching for them .
tr	O	有一天她还在那里，而且第二天她就走了，和简斯们坐在一起。
tr	O	流血减缓了，但是它仍然剧烈地刺痛着。
tr	I	Her eyes said plenty , but she looked up at him without speaking .
tr	O	就那个男孩所知，他正在做上帝想要他做的事情，而且他直到长大以后才会意识到他所经历的一切。
tr	O	我认为让他看着我很性感，但是让她把我们推到一起更美妙。
tr	I	I also know my place in the neighborhood , but I think about saying something too , like I know a lot of good black men .
tr	I	Panos was as good a man as there was , but mom always talks about how good people get rewarded .
tr	O	他的身体似乎蜷缩成一团紧绷的肌肉，并且他似乎将重心向后移。
tr	O	她告诉自己她了解乔治，而且他不是个杀手！
tr	I	She thought she could handle scrambled eggs , but her talents there might be limited .
tr	I	None of them made sense but Marquette knew six Indian languages .
tr	I	It was hopeless , but I tried to tame my nerves .
tr	O	我伸出手，并且她吓得僵住了，紧贴在地板上。
tr	O	那个男人救了他的命，并且他有权知道。
tr	I	She wasn 't willing to let it go , and she was getting the upper hand on the match .
tr	I	Zeus could have hidden it anywhere in the world and only the sword could bring him back to me .
tr	I	They are legends ... but there are legends !
tr	I	I could make a new one , but the handle disintegrated as soon as I touched it .
tr	O	多年来他们一直想把我与那些男孩联系起来，并且他们一直没有成功。
tr	I	You should have told me you stole the list from someone and you guys have no idea what you 're talking about .
tr	I	They 're very closely coordinated , and they 're a unit .
tr	O	他的右脚搭在墙上，并且他双眼紧闭，在深度冥想。
tr	O	我不完全理解这里发生的一切，但是如果我姐姐不希望你搭乘我们的飞机，你就没被邀请。
tr	O	他们在路上采摘了新鲜的柿子，并且赛奇为午餐杀死了一只兔子。
tr	I	I find myself leaning across the table toward him , cradling my tea glass with both hands , and it 's cute .
tr	I	I simply could not have that , and if I did not answer the phone immediately he would think I was late for the call .
tr	O	他在一块大石头旁停了下来，并且她蜷缩在上面。
tr	I	The entire street was aglow in a light orange hue and the sun was setting .
tr	O	我们的房子有点华而不实，但是每个人似乎都喜欢它。
tr	O	她把目光从我身上移开，而且我知道她能感觉到我们之间突然的尴尬。
tr	I	It was coming , but there was no rain yet .
tr	O	当我注意到周围人的目光时，我脸红了，并且我的心因他声音中的温柔而平静下来。
tr	I	A gaggle of scraggly chickens pecked lazily in the powdery dirt , and a battered blue motorcycle leaned against a sleek banana plant .
tr	I	She was sitting on the sofa and I walked into the living room .
tr	I	I 'm sure he can see it , and my body begins to tremble .
tr	I	He nodded and Nestor must have made some nonverbal reply because they shifted back .
tr	O	他现在三百三十七岁了，并且加文快两千岁了。
tr	I	The canoe followed his lead and Alistair pointed his arm to the right .
tr	I	I recognize it , and two more steps .
tr	I	Hunter snapped his head around and I cried out in surprise .
tr	O	她这样想是自大的，但是她没有看到任何能改变她对亲属偏见的事情。
tr	I	She forced her feet to move forward , but she was almost afraid to walk inside the white , marble lobby .
tr	O	大二学年结束了，并且夏天到了。
tr	I	My head is still throbbing , but I took some medicine this morning .
tr	O	当他放下她时，索兰热感到赤脚下的编织地毯，但是她的身体已不再属于她自己。
tr	I	My eyes were incredibly heavy , but I looked up .
tr	O	罗宾无意中听到了他们的话，而且她确信科尔也听到了。
tr	I	His thin shoulders shuddered as he tried to stop and Logan began coughing from all the ash .
tr	O	她叹了口气，并且在寂静中这声音令人心碎地可怜。
tr	I	He was smart , but Jacob was a drunk .
tr	O	我十几岁的时候那个娃娃就被送走了，并且我此后失去了父亲。
tr	I	It 's a world , but this might not be my world .
tr	I	His soul cowered with absolute fear , and he looked across at the miserable state of Sandra frenetically covering her body with the fat .
tr	O	一颗子弹擦伤了肩膀，但是另一颗则嵌在他的脊椎里。
tr	O	她看不见他，但是她感受到了他的触碰。
tr	O	我正朝着巅峰前进，但是我就是无法应对。
tr	I	He didn 't like it and his bluff had been called .
tr	I	Jack didn 't seem to care , but I walked around the table feeling like we shouldn 't be doing this .
tr	I	I felt bad immediately , and the guilt had returned .
tr	O	人群中传来一阵激动，并且片刻之后，一道火光从三位巨人的腹部喷涌而出。
tr	I	I was pleased to hear Jean crying as she came to the phone , and Ron delivered the message with gusto .
tr	I	When they get two steps before me , I swing , and two walk toward me .
tr	I	She studied the walls around her with interest , and Iona thought about the way Eric wanted her to alter the plans for the new houses .
tr	O	我知道你对我动心了，但是那只是对我永生的吸引。
tr	O	母亲不得不鞭打她，并且此后她哭泣了一周才入睡。
tr	O	她已经很多年没有打卡上班了，并且没有人质疑过她的职业道德。
tr	I	It ´ s full and I open the fridge .
tr	O	马奇看向罗布，但是我推开他过去了。
tr	O	让这位法国人沮丧的，不是电话本身，而是那人说话时提出的内容，这来得如此出乎意料。
tr	O	她不想再看眼前的人了，但是她知道她不得不看。
tr	I	He managed to type out a brief text message which he deliberately put in caps , but his fingers trembled .
tr	O	阿尔泰现在离台阶更近了，但是人群的突然移动让他显得有些显眼。
tr	I	An officer came over to the scene and a police sirens followed right behind them .
tr	O	他越过我的肩膀看了一眼，而且他的脸变得更加明亮了。
tr	I	He didn 't resist , and she touched his neck .
tr	I	It wouldn 't budge but I tried to open the main door .
tr	I	You 're gon na be scared and you 're gon na be hurt .
tr	O	他把我留在B连总部，并且我很高兴能摆脱他。
tr	I	No brush stokes and furthermore the image was made with no outline .
tr	O	他的怪物抬起了头，仿佛闻到了猎物，但是伊恩没有理会它。
tr	O	你帮我一些，并且我会帮你。
tr	O	当飞机平稳飞行时，疼痛终于缓解了，并且我颤抖着松了一口气。
tr	O	她的手紧紧握住他的手，并且她的手掌感受到的握力越温暖，他痴迷的对象就变得越冰冷。
tr	I	It was becoming shockingly awkward and we sat on the grass , side by side , a silence building between the two of us .
tr	I	This wind wasn 't strong , only moving the weakest leaves in the trees , and it was so quiet you could hear the wind outside .
tr	I	I will be found by those who seek me but I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world .
tr	I	It worked well for her , and if she wanted something , she went for it , like she deserved it .
tr	I	Theresa looked at her curiously , and she hung up the phone .
tr	I	There 's definitely something wrong , but I don 't know what the hell happened to her .
tr	O	他做出了一个模糊的承诺，但是事情就到此为止了。
tr	O	埃利奥特推着它，但是它纹丝不动。
tr	I	Yet I can do so much to you , and your sword will do nothing to me !
tr	I	I felt a warm tingle throughout my body and my heart was pounding erratically in my chest .
tr	O	蕾娜的声音颤抖着，并且她清了清嗓子。
tr	I	He could tell that it was Shelly who stood over him and Colton 's vision changed from dark to blurry .
tr	O	我能感觉到它们，但是它们就在我的掌握之外。
tr	O	她怀孕了，并且，是的，我知道我过去做了什么。
tr	O	他什么也没说，但是他想知道。
tr	O	是的，他看起来没变，但是有些东西变了，内心深处有些东西变了。
tr	O	袜子被血浸透了，不过，并且他轻轻地把它从她的皮肤上拉开。
tr	I	At least the raging anger was gone , but Cassie was looking at him with suspicion in her eyes .
tr	I	I knew it and he was right .
tr	I	Her heart is broken , but she is the most beautiful person , Avalon .
tr	O	他真的很想建一个机场，但是因为休斯顿已经有一个了，巴布决定建一个地铁。
tr	I	The brick face was crumbling from age and all of the windows were dark .
tr	O	我知道我一直在外面寻找自我，但是我需要了解内在的我是谁。
tr	I	I couldn 't allow myself to view this man as an actual person , and dead bodies were the norm in my line of work .
tr	O	他背对着死者，摇着头，并且他走开了，进入阴影中，靠近窗户。
tr	O	你非常勇敢，并且这座建筑需要一个像你一样强壮的年轻人。
tr	I	His hands out to save me and Sam was standing there with his eyes wide .
tr	O	杰克看到了，并且他的眼睛柔和下来。
tr	O	他们谈论着尊敬黑暗，但是那是一个谎言。
tr	I	I can touch them and I can see the fire reflecting in them .
tr	I	He wouldn 't explain any more , and he wouldn 't push any more .
tr	I	She pulled the vial from the IV port , and her head jerked up .
tr	O	她的皮肤上起了鸡皮疙瘩，并且她的脚趾在她的高跟鞋里蜷缩起来。
tr	I	I never read the fine print , but they said they 'd told us that up front .
tr	I	He sticks the knife in to the handle and I scream .
tr	O	她抱住他，给了他一个拥抱，并且他的手也环住了她。
tr	O	杰弗里闪现到莎拉身边，但是詹姆斯先她一步到达。
tr	I	She welcomed it and she was used to his scrutiny .
tr	O	我是那个设法让克罗诺斯摆脱我们的人，然而我却是个问题？
tr	I	The game was closed and the girl was gone .
tr	I	We went on our way again and about 2 hours later the horse 's shoe was fixed .
tr	O	我知道他还年轻，但是他做得很好。
tr	I	Every time I ask about it , I get the run around , but I 've been wondering what Kenton did .
tr	O	他笑了，但是那个笑容不过是笑容的粗略模仿。
tr	I	It is short lived , but it 's the reaction he 's looking for .
tr	O	我已经被困在这些沉闷的墙壁里好几个月了，并且我准备好去看那个停车场以外的世界了。
tr	O	瑞秋撕破了她的裤子，并且麦克扯坏了他的衬衫。
tr	I	I did , but I knew I shouldn 't care what her opinion of me was .
tr	O	隔离的规定不再适用于我了，并且我需要打包。
tr	I	The sound of the car pulling away , and I hear an engine start .
tr	O	我不会袖手旁观并假装一切都好。
tr	O	另一个魔法实体在场，并且我们完美的吻被迫终止。
tr	I	You keep holding onto it , but you may make a mess of it .
tr	O	她是九号，并且九号没有被设定去感受内疚。
tr	I	He groaned before he could stop himself , and she moved against him , causing his already aroused body to harden further .
tr	O	这是我的开始，并且我感到重生了，摆脱了过去一年的阴影。
tr	I	Another part was curious , but part of her recoiled at her question .
tr	I	The pressure in Dahlia 's chest increased and the more Louise became upset , the more the heat rose .
tr	O	她不再穿手术服了，但是她仍然在医院工作。
tr	I	I watched them in amazement and bubbles floated out of my mouth .
tr	O	门在我们面前打开了，并且一个男人出现在黑暗中。
tr	I	The world exploded in silver light , and the moon crossed into the space directly above us .
tr	O	我不知道我刚才吃了什么，但是我清楚其中一大部分是酒精。
tr	O	亨利沉默不语，并且我的心跳得如此剧烈，我以为它可能会爆炸。
tr	I	The hands gripping his spear were the only indication of his struggle and he was more controlled .
tr	O	安东尼亚又开始解释，但是迈克打断了她。
tr	O	它越来越近了，并且当它靠近时，我们看到它是由蝴蝶组成的……成千上万的白色蝴蝶。
tr	I	A surge of panic burns through me and the voltage spikes again .
tr	O	我第二次敲门，并且我能隐约听到脚步声。
tr	O	她在与我已开始憎恶的相同规则作斗争，并且仅凭那个原因，我不能指责她的反应。
tr	I	Now he had it , and he 'd wanted this ranch life since he 'd been five .
tr	I	They couldn 't reach him by phone and they were told he hadn 't turned in for work for over two weeks .
tr	I	We had run out of whiskey , and pretty soon they were all cheering me on against the rival Cowboys .
tr	O	卢卡斯会知道他没有太多时间可以浪费，并且他会想尽快离开。
tr	I	He disappeared , but I stood .
tr	I	I saw it and it happened again .
tr	I	He was about to fall off -- and they were soaring high above the ground , surrounded on all sides by fire .
tr	I	He tried to pick it up a bit , and Flattery felt his smile droop .
tr	I	It wasn , t clear that he saw anything in front of him , but his bleary eyes looked at Reuben .
tr	I	He doesn 't sleep with them like people think he does , but he might take some of his female friends to parties .
tr	O	她不应该让布莱恩说过的话在多年后仍然影响她，但是它们确实影响了她。
tr	I	Now was not the time to begin it , but he was forming a plan .
tr	O	我低下头看是什么完全吸引了他的注意力，但是我什么也没看到。
tr	I	Her brow puckered and her eyes narrowed .
tr	I	That meant keeping my heart in one piece and he wanted to keep me safe .
tr	O	也许他不是一个不稳定的人，但是这不意味着他是无懈可击的。
tr	O	当她的脚踩到泥土时，她皱了皱眉，但是脚踝传来的剧痛反映了她刚刚接受的现实检验。
tr	O	她的口音很轻微，并且她英语的发音无可挑剔。
tr	I	I know what you 're thinking right now , and I know you .
tr	I	For her to know his meant the connection ran both ways , but part of the taming was his ability to read her thoughts .
tr	O	像她姐姐们选择的那样重新开始，但是她做不到。
tr	I	I might borrow your idea for my grandkids , but I wish I would have thought to do that when my kids were little .
tr	I	The Sword of Sages impaled his very soul , inflicting him with a wholly new sensation of pain , but he had been wounded a thousand times .
tr	I	If that were true , then that 's who had been sending those silly text messages , and it would seem that she was also his girlfriend .
tr	I	Erica had insisted they were historically accurate , but he had soft brown boots that he couldn 't imagine would hold up through any day 's labor .
tr	O	他突然站了起来，并且我们靠得那么近。
tr	O	我猜那个男人是他父亲，并且我被一股如此强烈的嫉妒刺痛，以至于我捂住了胸口。
tr	O	我是一个本不该被释放的生物，然而我却不知何故做到了。
tr	I	Now he looks more like he 's sulking than mad , and the anger has gone from him .
tr	I	When I still insisted that a vampire killed my father he admitted me to the mental hospital , but he prescribed medication .
tr	O	扎克沉默地看着这场交流，并且她猜测他很快就摸清了她父母的底细。
tr	O	他不喜欢回到这个地方，但是那些感觉对他来说无关紧要。
tr	O	她的水瓶掉到地上，并且她差点从长凳上摔下来。
tr	I	She 's learned that such things are only symbols , but the length isn 't anywhere near enough , objectively .
tr	O	一丝痛苦而难以置信的神情在罗伊斯愤怒的眼中闪过，但是当他粗鲁地向阿里克点头时，他的脸却一片空白。
tr	I	His lips are red from kissing me so roughly and his hair is sticking up .
tr	I	The one taste Marit had had and she could picture it from the story .
tr	I	Most of the soldiers were surprised to find themselves there as well and all of the people of the biosphere were suddenly floating up into the air .
tr	O	兰恩将以300分领先，然后他的生命将真正受到威胁。
tr	O	她深吸了一口气，严厉地看了德里克和我一眼。
tr	O	它嘎吱一声急刹车，横在路上，并且司机打开了乘客门，然后是后门。
tr	I	Her ankles still swollen from the flight and her feet were sore .
tr	I	They did not , but they should have belonged .
tr	O	电话响了，打断了琳达的沉思，但是费奥娜接了起来。
tr	O	所以他们总是负债累累，但是他们拥有更好的东西。
tr	O	好吧，也许他现在无法容忍幽默，但是我不会迎合坏情绪。
tr	I	The smoke rose in a column into the darkness of the rafters , and in the now still air of the room the flame burned tall .
tr	I	I thought nothing of it , but he seemed embarrassed by that .
tr	I	This would have been the class we 'd tune out to discuss it , and Darren was great at finding things to do in this small town .
tr	I	Spraying bullets in the open had risks to it , but enemy troops fell as the AK-47 found its mark .
tr	I	She cried and she took the knife away .
tr	I	That 's not their fault , but the people aren 't much to rave about .
tr	I	Zane reminded me of some cowboy riding off into the sunset in an old western movie , but Daniel sounded good for a first name .
tr	O	我听起来很困惑，并且那并非完全是因为脑海中回荡的痛苦。
tr	O	巨浪冲过船顶，并且她还没有到达栏杆。
tr	I	It rang several times , and I dialed her number .
tr	I	She agreed about Diego 's heat level , but Cassidy hadn 't met all Latino men .
tr	O	下个月，莉娅又举办了一场派对，但是那次是在市里的一家酒吧。
tr	O	它们的树枝会缠绕在一起，并且它们的树干在交接处会倾斜。
tr	O	我认为他们都想独自离开，并且我不怪他们。
tr	I	The wrong move could lose his case and a delicate balance was in play .
tr	O	天啊，光是哈利那场离婚听证会就值得来上班了，而且除此之外，我还有薪水拿。
tr	I	That didn 't matter , but she was about twenty pages ahead of me .
tr	O	她的眼睛肿了，并且她的脸上满是泪水。
tr	I	I wasn 't stupid , but I may have been upset .
tr	O	我们商定了一笔费用，然后我用现金支付给他。
tr	I	There was plenty of food , and crops grew exceedingly well .
tr	I	They were good at it and they were actually raiders .
tr	I	His legs shook and his stomach lurched .
tr	O	玛丽莲阿姨咯咯笑了，并且索菲轻轻耸了耸肩。
tr	O	倒不是风很猛烈，但是它也不是凉爽的微风。
tr	I	I 'd accept it , and he thought he could tell me this ?
tr	O	达西在那一刻抬起头，并且他们的目光对视了。
tr	O	那里有一个铃铛，并且他摇响了它，那声音搅得泰莎本已紧绷的神经更加烦乱。
tr	I	It was only a matter of time , but she didn 't think people recognized her yet .
tr	O	我当时还没办法独自一人到达岛上，而且我也不可能请任何人跟我一起去。
tr	I	He knew it was , and it was unfair .
tr	O	神经症本身不会要你的命，但是它会让你做出极端的自残行为。
tr	O	在我们脚下，在一片浩瀚错落的山峦之中，躺着一个明亮如宝石的小山谷，但是它在我们的右侧向南开放。
tr	I	She shivered all the same , but why the image flashed into her mind she had no idea .
tr	I	Aiden appeared behind him , and Marcus entered first .
tr	I	The didn 't reply a smile , but Carmel smiled at him slightly as if she knew him .
tr	O	我知道你睡着了，但是我无法控制自己。
tr	I	Of course he wouldn 't have been there , but I was thinking he was at the Institute .
tr	I	Finally it began to move , and I pulled back on the steering column with the strength of that conviction .
tr	O	他信奉白人那种跳舞不动脚的理论，并且当他试图摇摆臀部时，乐队竟然笑了起来。
tr	O	一生的永恒在我们眼前展开，并且她在那段时间里是我的。
tr	I	The new ones not yet delivered , but the avocado appliances had been removed .
tr	I	Then he sank backward with a shudder , closing his eyes , and he called out with a strange cry that startled Jacob to his feet .
tr	O	她已经处理了三个，但是还有十几个仍然留着，协同工作。
tr	O	我简直不敢相信，但是你没有骨折。
tr	I	Edwin felt suddenly alone , and a rumble of thunder sounded .
tr	O	当他再次看向她时，他的眼睛空洞，表情僵硬。
tr	I	He gave me an audience , and then they checked with him .
tr	I	You couldn 't mistake the face but they did not share the same coloring .
tr	O	那只比她自己的分数少了70分，而且她已经为那个时期学习了很长一段时间。
tr	I	How content I felt in the throne and I think of my dream last night .
tr	O	那是一种夸张，但是凯特没有争辩。
tr	O	她是对的，而且她知道这一点。
tr	O	他们离开两天后，保姆辞职了，并且厨师也辞职了。
tr	O	他拥有一团防御云，而且那团云现在环绕着这片地产，作为抵御世界其他部分的屏障。
tr	O	其中一道光束刺穿了他的挡风玻璃，而且一块玻璃嵌入了他的喉咙。
tr	I	We have to see it through and Everything here is happening for a reason .
tr	I	His heart thundered and his hands shook .
tr	O	这是错的，而且你知道这一点。
tr	O	凯莉皱了皱眉，而且那种死寂的寒冷似乎爬上了她的皮肤。
tr	I	How I treated her was wrong , and she 's a really nice woman .
tr	I	It was there , but it was faint .
tr	O	最终布里走进她的房子，并且德里克回到了车里。
tr	I	Philip pulled the carriage there while the rest went inside and there was a parking place for carriages down the street .
tr	I	The shotgun discharged across the table and the two guns swung to cover her .
tr	I	I could see that she was beautiful , but the hall was dim in the twilight .
tr	O	她说得很轻松，但是这句话重重地击中了我。
tr	O	我虽然已经用尽了我的机会，并且我对此感到释然。
tr	O	妮基用白床单裹住她赤裸的身体，并且等待医生的回来。
tr	O	41 当卡迈恩到达科拉多的地方时，他的手机又响了，但是他没有费心去接，因为他已经很近了。
tr	I	She didn 't move away , but a shiver whispered over her skin .
tr	O	他紧握武器的力道如此之大以至于他的手在颤抖，并且他手臂上的青筋暴起。
tr	I	He savored it , wanting to increase that feeling and he 'd felt it from the moment she 'd realized he was behind her .
tr	O	我知道那本应是个笑话，但是我在她身边渐渐隐去的方式一点也不好笑。
tr	O	他去拿他的剑，但是伊恩的剑已经出鞘了。
tr	I	Jared sat where Gabe had been , and I jerked awake .
tr	O	当我看到她把我们带到餐厅中央的一张桌子时，我很沮丧，但是我没有看到其他空位。
tr	I	It made him self-conscious , and Akiva saw her staring .
tr	O	麦克西姆的日记就在你面前，而且你仍然笨得无法把碎片拼凑起来。
tr	O	他用自己机智的嘲讽回应，并且对话转向了不那么政治化的话题。
tr	O	我知道他不知道，但是我关不掉。
tr	I	At first glance , it appeared to be another alert message and he retrieved the phone .
tr	O	天空变得更加阴沉了，而且他哪里都看不到他的猎鹰。
tr	O	他凑近她的耳朵，并且就在那时她听到了。
tr	I	The pressure in her head combined with controlling the camera was enough work , but she wanted to answer him , reassure him she was all right .
tr	I	That 's where he sat and there was a seat next to me .
tr	I	My mouth widened as I snarled softly , baring my sharp fangs and my eyes changed to red .
tr	O	西蒙叫了一声，并且管家进来了。
tr	I	I could not have , because my legs were not formed at the proper angle for kicking myself But [ 35 ] .
tr	I	They all leave and Casey is still shaking as Adam says good-bye .
tr	I	A fierce cry came to his lips , and his blood seemed to burn .
tr	I	Every inch of my body felt his presence , yet he was almost entirely concealed by the shadows .
tr	I	She has been known to show up out of the blue , but I don 't take her calls .
tr	I	Movement from the waist down was very difficult for her , but the woman 's injuries had not left her completely immobilized .
tr	I	My step faltered , and I walked forward .
tr	I	The void came back , and feelings vanished .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she could go through with it and her whole life was about to change .
tr	I	He couldn 't believe what he was saying , but he heard the words exit Ellis ' mouth .
tr	I	Given how old Eric was , I would be very strong , and I knew that I would be stronger for a long time .
tr	O	她的父亲是列克星敦社区大学的英语教授，并且她的母亲是家庭主妇。
tr	O	他反正已经决定了他的行动方案，并且不包括把格蕾丝带回田纳西州。
tr	O	发生的事情片段开始回到我的脑海中，但是我认为它们并非按顺序，因为它们毫无意义。
tr	I	All along , she had known she would have to face him one day , and he was relentless in his pursuit of her .
tr	O	她试图控制住她不断上升的怒火，但是她做得并不好。
tr	I	She often worked late into the evenings after she came home , and she was a workaholic , no time for relationships .
tr	O	伊恩拥有了贝丝，并且他退缩的需求也减少了。
tr	I	He hesitated before pulling away and it caught him off guard .
tr	I	The Queen slipped into it , wrapping the silken whiteness about herself , and she held it up .
tr	O	他说他不会屏息等待回电，但是他脸上的表情却显示了不同的想法。
tr	I	Lydia took a deep breath and Margie raised her eyebrows .
tr	O	阿黛尔的思绪停顿了，并且她突然感到需要眨眼忍住泪水。
tr	O	周五她甚至担心到打电话给工作中的朋友，但是朱莉已经下班走了。
tr	I	She had gone without a word to the other guests , and Rigger had been called to drive her to the station .
tr	I	They were going to miss their booking at a restaurant she particularly wished to sample and she looked like he 'd kept her waiting .
tr	I	That will hurt her , and she 'll fight you .
tr	O	他把一天剩下的时间都用来尽力睡觉，但是充其量也只是断断续续的。
tr	O	他的嘴唇靠近了敏感的部位，并且他的呼吸在我耳边粗重地喘息着。
tr	O	他的刀插在柔软的地上，并且我一拳猛击他的下体。
tr	I	He walks away with a massive pension and we all bail the bank out .
tr	I	He leads me into the paddock and I take it .
tr	O	这本应让她感到害怕，但是这个想法反而给了她一丝刺激。
tr	I	She answered without thought , and her eyes fluttered closed .
tr	O	这是个好把戏，但是我 G知道你不是哈利·德累斯顿。
tr	I	She leaned against his chest as the music started and he pulled her close to him .
tr	O	缅因州没有什么能再把我留在这里了，并且我厌倦了旅游旺季。
tr	I	Hearing about their divorce probably wouldn 't help me , and the conversation was taking a depressing turn .
tr	I	She in turn told Flint of his thanks , and he complemented the barmaid .
tr	O	杰克将身体紧紧地抵着我的后背，并且我感受到了他抵着我臀部的坚硬。
tr	I	It makes the coffee color of her skin glow , and she is dressed in deep purple .
tr	I	She managed to hide the pain of his betrayal , but she hadn 't anticipated that .
tr	O	我的怒火开始渗出，并且我将手指握成了拳头。
tr	I	She hissed , and he slashed at the girl who had gotten too close .
tr	O	他的语气中闪过一丝不信，并且她已经感觉到了他的疏远。
tr	O	尾灯短暂地闪烁了一下，仿佛是在回应，并且一股寒意爬上了迈克的脊背。
tr	I	Maestro Magnus stopped speaking , and Tavi looked up from his reports immediately , lifting a hand .
tr	O	格雷戈尔用手划破了泳池的水面，并且水从他的指缝间流过。
tr	O	我已经从我与他们的短暂接触中学到了这一点，并且我完全打算利用它。
tr	I	He became still , a sure sign of just how incensed he was and Anger flared up in Rafe 's eyes .
tr	O	她显然在服用避孕药，但是她没有阻止他。
tr	I	She refused to and Emma knew he wanted her to ask what happened .
tr	O	麦塔利卡从他的音响系统里播放起来，并且空调已经调高了两档。
tr	O	有些不对劲，并且我的心怦怦直跳。
tr	I	I 'm enjoying the single life again and I got a divorce four years ago .
tr	O	我手腕上的橡皮筋上有一个标签，并且我把它猛地扯了下来，连带着扯掉了一些头发。
tr	I	James didn 't wake up but she sat for thirty minutes .
tr	O	然后他离开了我，并且我就真的孤单一人了。
tr	I	He hadn 't been here very long , but his tower wasn 't nearly as cluttered as mine .
tr	I	His hands stilled and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	他很聪明，并且他也很好。
tr	O	它有一个尖下巴，湿润的嘴唇，并且它非常丑陋。
tr	I	A trickle of sweat lined my brow , and my breath began coming in short , sharp bursts .
tr	O	我不在乎是谁挑起的，但是这马上就要停止？
tr	I	Ransom did not turn on the light , but the galley skylight was on the dark side of the ship .
tr	O	我们永恒的印记，但是它消失了。
tr	I	He didn 't release her , but she pushed against his chest .
tr	I	I jumped at the noise and the timer started going off .
tr	O	问题太多了，并且他对任何一个问题都不知道答案。
tr	I	The lungs were inflamed making it difficult for the ventilator to push the air in and basically the body had gone into a type of serious shock .
tr	I	He offered his arm dramatically , and his smile widened .
tr	I	His mother knew , but knowing how she 'd worry , he hadn 't been able to bring himself to tell Sheree .
tr	O	更多的灌木丛在山上更远处，但是她的身体拒绝让她继续前进。
tr	I	I 'm still not eager to follow his lead , but it doesn 't protest .
tr	I	They 'd built a lovely little balcony directly into the mountainside and the Dragon Queen 's troops had been industrious over the years .
tr	O	我以前只把他当作一名大学教授，但是他远不止如此。
tr	I	They stood there in shock , and I recounted the whole story for them .
tr	I	Now her face beamed with delight at the promise of a promotion , but her eyebrows had dipped at the mention of the unknown contact .
tr	I	A calm peace swept over him and his hand reached up to stroke my face .
tr	O	我真不想搬家，但是我们可能不得不。
tr	O	杰里米散发出一种类似的焦虑悔恨的气息，并且那让她心烦。
tr	O	这里有一个尚待发现的完整世界，而且我才刚刚触及它的表面。
tr	O	戴维抽回了他的手，并且艾莉立刻后悔了她的话。
tr	O	他听到门开，头像警惕的动物一样抬了起来，并且眼科医生笑了。
tr	I	You 're all a high-level threat , and Suicide is contagious , after all .
tr	O	他们能成就我们，或者他们能毁灭我们。
tr	O	她现在被镇静了，并且她的呼吸很浅。
tr	O	多米尼克伸出了手，并且精致有弹性的蕾丝躺在他的手掌上。
tr	O	她甚至转过身来，但是所有的窗帘都拉上了。
tr	I	I think there is a mistake , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	事实上，他并没有那么做，并且出于一时的无谓报复心理，他结婚了。
tr	I	They all run off , and that frightens the other wolves .
tr	O	它们看起来像两端带有黄铜配件的玻璃管，并且发出病态的黄绿色微弱脉冲光芒。
tr	O	房间里所有的蜡烛都点亮了，并且我们被寂静包围着。
tr	I	She doesn 't move , but I reach out to her .
tr	O	国王显然更信任我，而且我不明白你为什么抱怨被乐队踢出去。
tr	O	我之后出现了严重的肿胀，但是怀孕从未处于危险之中。
tr	I	They could understand but their conversation soon became incoherent , a stream of nonsense no one .
tr	O	她尖叫，并且我笑了。
tr	I	I wanted more , and I was kissing the man who 'd broken my heart .
tr	O	伊娃没有说任何具体的话来证实我的感觉，但是我认为她也知道。
tr	I	It paid the bills , but not exactly the noblest of ventures .
tr	I	Shinichi had been born a liar - but Shinichi had indicated that they would be too late .
tr	I	I didn 't press the issue , but I sensed there was something he didn 't tell me .
tr	O	他确实给我发了邮件，说他仍然会是我的朋友，但是我不知道这能走多远。
tr	O	我从艾薇儿身边挪开了，但是她却紧紧跟着，把自己藏在我身后。
tr	I	The water was still crystal blue , but my first thought was a shark .
tr	I	Then again , we 're covered in it , but I can 't detect the scent of beer .
tr	O	夜幕降临了，并且他能看到闪烁的城市灯光。
tr	O	这真的很有趣，但是这却总是让格尔在选择其中一个姐妹时感到更糟。
tr	O	斯通什么也没说，并且我们已经离开了高速公路。
tr	O	亚当倒在地上，紧抓着自己的身体，但是我不知道他是在哪里中枪的。
tr	O	裘德不是来伤害我的，并且诺亚也不是来救我的。
tr	I	I cleared my throat , and my voice sounded rough .
tr	I	She could do nothing but I looked at Emma .
tr	O	一种眩晕的狂喜涌遍他的全身，并且他想知道自己是多么愚蠢。
tr	I	Sighing and what a lovely person he thought replacing the receiver .
tr	O	杰森慢慢地伸手向桌子，但是我阻止了他。
tr	I	It is amazing to feel the warmth of his lips against mine and I thought I 'd lost him forever .
tr	I	He gives me a knowing look , and I arch a brow at him .
tr	I	We all pause when we see Mom in the garage door frame and a clearing of a throat grabs our attention .
tr	O	白色，对日本人来说，代表着死亡，并且花哨的包装纸是不可接受的。
tr	I	He chuckled , and I yanked my face as far away as possible .
tr	I	There was only one thing she was any good at anyway , but Rose didn 't know what this might mean .
tr	I	I sighed and she shook her head .
tr	I	Within thirty seconds Meg 's phone rang , and she hung up on me .
tr	O	他的眼睛闭上了，并且她希望他能理解她内心所有汹涌澎湃的情绪。
tr	I	I supposed healthy was the best thing , but I didn 't know what a doctor might say while looking at my lady parts .
tr	I	The credits rolled and we sat side-by-side as the show finished .
tr	I	The poor furry beast was safely underground in about half an hour , and I was pleased that my cat burying skills had improved with repetition .
tr	O	他咬了我的耳垂，并且我倒吸了一口冷气。
tr	I	I saw that the design I 'd drawn on her hand this afternoon was still there and she handed me the marker .
tr	O	坦迪完全被迷住了，而且她当然也很迷人。
tr	O	氧气刺激了我的鼻子，并且我开始咳嗽。
tr	O	罗宾被仰面摔倒了，并且铁匕首躺在他的手边。
tr	I	I lifted mine up and her face leaned closer to mine .
tr	I	He 's too stubborn to want to appear dependent , but he could stay with us when he visits , of course .
tr	O	有很多细节我没有多加考虑，但是我不会让任何事耽误这一天的发生。
tr	O	昨天因暴风雨而阴沉，并且洞穴充其量也只是阴暗的。
tr	I	He took the book out of my hands , and Eliot got a sad look in his eye .
tr	I	My full guard has amassed , but my minions have been lacking .
tr	I	He didn 't want to lie to everyone , either , but he couldn 't break his word to Callie .
tr	O	他的起落架已经收起，并且他只剩下一次渺茫的机会。
tr	I	I sometimes wonder who the real me is , but I go to extraordinary lengths to keep my identity concealed .
tr	I	Luster obeyed , and she threatened .
tr	O	一码归一码，而且我想付钱给你。
tr	I	The tremble in his hands stilled , and there had been no hesitation in Mose 's voice .
tr	I	They were blank , but there were a couple of pieces of paper that I snatched up .
tr	O	他说了，但是他没有阻止我。
tr	I	She didn 't even want to resist , and he was seducing her , there on the dance floor .
tr	O	自从他上周漫步进入她的世界后，她的世界就再也不一样了，并且当他漫步离开时，也不会再一样了。
tr	O	阿耳忒弥斯看了阿刻戎一眼，并且她的脸因愤怒而涨红。
tr	I	His face was redder than ever , and he was holding another glass .
tr	O	我注意到他挪得离我更近了，并且我们的肩膀几乎要碰到一起了。
tr	O	她自己的拇指伸进了丁字裤的带子里，并且她把它脱了下来，扔到了房间对面。
tr	I	A more independent seventeen than I ever was , and you 're seventeen .
tr	O	蓬松的云朵飘过，在午后的微风中移动时改变着形状，并且他能感觉到伊丽莎白在看着他。
tr	O	这是你的派对，而且你们是来尽情享受的。
tr	O	在她的触碰下，他的身体活跃起来，并且他几乎无法克制自己。
tr	O	她在芝加哥上班时从未如此盛装打扮，但是杰西卡猜她是为了给新老板留下好印象。
tr	I	Riley automatically compensated with an adjustment of his own , and Edward shifted a few inches to the side .
tr	O	巴沙带领他们，看着他们经过的所有门，但是没有一扇看起来是对的。
tr	O	我喜欢它，但是这并不意味着它适合所有人。
tr	I	Right now they were not happy and Kate 's eyes were all cop .
tr	I	I carefully touched my cloth to the scrapes on her cheek , and she offered nothing more .
tr	I	This time the male was alert but I entered the lobby once again .
tr	I	That 's never changed , and I fell in love with you when I was sixteen .
tr	O	他的抓握松了，并且他移开了视线。
tr	I	It still ain 't like old times , at least not for me but it 's all right .
tr	I	Still he didn 't face her , but Gary let his arm slap down to his side .
tr	I	Your mother did , but I never attended .
tr	O	我闭上眼睛，等待它过去，但是它似乎永无止境。
tr	O	法国人不会，并且苏族人也不会。
tr	O	埃迪对爱德华笑了，但是她无法掩饰自己的失望，因为他到了该走的时候。
tr	I	I want you with me when I eat , and I 've missed lunch , damn it .
tr	O	男人们回答了，并且托尼感谢了他们的帮助。
tr	I	She noticed a glint of gold from cufflinks exposed on his outstretched arm , and he wore a suit that seemed to fit well .
tr	O	瑞安停顿了一下，并且我不知道我还能承受多少。
tr	I	It also didn 't tell him why , but Google didn 't load the page for his browser .
tr	O	我会见到其他的女巫，并且我想知道我是否会像现在一样感到不安。
tr	O	他增加了紧张感，而且不久之后，我几乎没有注意到其他事情。
tr	O	我现在可以再试一次，但是我不知道它是否会奏效。
tr	O	他问他们是否可以吃午饭，并且她建议去她朋友海莉的地方。
tr	O	那天早上吃早餐时罗恩叔叔走了进来，并且克里斯汀首先想到的是小狮子。
tr	I	She blew one right back , and before I turned my back for the final time , I blew her a kiss .
tr	I	Steel clashed again , and a dim shape appeared in the opening .
tr	I	His smile spread beneath the funny bow of hair above his lip , and his eyes grew wide .
tr	O	我看着他跑在我前面，并且我挣扎着跟上他。
tr	O	她对她旁边的男孩耳语，并且他离开了去后面了。
tr	I	She was gone , but she was there .
tr	I	He touched her shoulder to tell her to be still , but she stirred under him .
tr	O	他们遇到的任何问题都意味着他们不会在一起，并且我会完全找回我的妹妹。
tr	O	我吃饭的时候，一些当地人坐在我身边，并且我继续回答问题。
tr	I	I have a lot of it here now , and there is a lot of it .
tr	I	I 'll see that it 's a hard one , and keep on provoking me .
tr	O	他疯狂地环顾四周，大口喘着气，并且几秒混乱后，他看到了两栋房子外面的另一只猎鹰。
tr	I	I was certain she would eventually come around and I wanted to have a daughter so badly .
tr	O	我终于止住了哭泣，并且他亲吻了我的头顶。
tr	O	无论我们爬了多高，我们看到的都只是车站表面，并且它正在快速靠近。
tr	O	你面对过更糟糕的情况，并且你会想出办法的。
tr	O	妈妈的声音听起来像个尖声尖气、吱吱作响的少女，并且有点滑稽。
tr	O	他悲伤地望向大海，望向地平线的边缘之外，但是他的目光带着微笑回来了。
tr	O	他不确定，但是这已经足够了。
tr	I	For a second I was about to lose it , and my voice failed me .
tr	O	我喜欢他们，但是他们就不是我喜欢的那种人。
tr	I	I step back , and I am worried that he is going to touch my arm again .
tr	I	I knew Larry was mulling it over , and there was a long pause .
tr	I	Another shell exploded nearby and as we went , a rifle bullet cracked over our heads .
tr	O	她已经一个多月没见到克里斯蒂安了，并且尽管一切，她渴望见到他。
tr	O	他对我吼出了最后一句话，并且我冲出了穿梭机。
tr	I	He was told to get in the rear seat , and a long walk ended with another car door opening .
tr	I	No one moved , but the fat one yelled .
tr	I	There was a cop outside our door , and I got up to check who it was .
tr	O	我睁开眼睛，并且齐克向达米安点头。
tr	O	我想起那笔交易时胃部收紧了，但是我没有我想象的那么难受。
tr	O	我这辈子从未开过枪，而且我也不确定到底要怎么下注。
tr	I	Jiao ordered her ship to join the retreat and the Coalition forces were in a general retreat .
tr	I	I should not like to say I heard a voice pronounce it : but I heard Ransom 's name pronounced .
tr	I	Anne picked a fight with Julie , and Monday evening 's practice was a little hectic .
tr	I	She glared right back and he stared at Tess .
tr	I	I had to , but I didn 't want to say anything .
tr	I	He felt he was being watched by hundreds of people and a cold chill ran down his spine .
tr	O	维多利亚已经回家了，而且反正她也无法和她谈论此事。
tr	O	也许她已经拿走了所有东西，但是迈克会记得我的电话。
tr	O	他说了些别的，但是声音太低我听不见。
tr	I	She had disappeared , but he kicked deeper .
tr	O	气温仍然很宜人，但是太阳正在迅速升高。
tr	I	The pain there was obvious , but her eyes grew wide .
tr	O	我们走了上去，并且他们看着我们。
tr	O	他的语气很随意，但是他的意思却并非如此。
tr	O	这个号码是本地的，但是我却不认识它。
tr	I	Every time her eyes met his , hers sparkled , but he got the feeling she was a little bored by the show .
tr	O	这个地方是一个充满了恐惧绝望之人的无法无天之地，并且毫无疑问它只会变得更糟。
tr	I	There is only a series of metallic clicks , but I turn the ignition of Lucy 's car .
tr	O	她侧身蜷缩起来，但是那没有帮助。
tr	I	I tried not to laugh , and she looked at me eagerly .
tr	O	她知道她得把孩子的事告诉卡洛，但是那会是在所有这些烂摊子都清理干净之后很久了。
tr	O	因为浴室门打开了，并且凯特走进了卧室。
tr	O	你可能会偏离正轨，因为你做出了错误的选择，但是你不应该能够改变真正的路径。
tr	I	I was his submissive and he was my dominant .
tr	O	天空有一些云，但是天气仍然相当温暖。
tr	I	Bookshelves piled high with colorful volumes and there are French-style doors that open onto a balcony in the front of the house .
tr	I	When I get back I 'll give you that shot , and I 'm going to go down with Eve to check on Cammie .
tr	I	I ' ll tell him to stay quiet about seeing you , and I can take that heap you arrived in back to its rightful owner .
tr	O	一丝警示的念头撩拨着她的意识边缘，但是她仍然过于专注于那些美味的开胃菜。
tr	I	There 's not much to complain about when you 're choosing from two awesome covers but it was a hard choice .
tr	I	My thoughts are all jumbled together while I throw on my pants and my hands are shaking .
tr	O	汤米·多尔西取代了格伦·米勒，并且接着艾拉·菲茨杰拉德取代了他。
tr	O	她从她所在的位置看不到他，并且她是故意那样做的。
tr	I	One parked in the rear in a separate garage building , and there were two other cars in the side parking area .
tr	O	她试图把手抬到他的肩膀上，但是他抓着她的手臂不让她动。
tr	O	他看到了我所看到的，并且他进去解决了。
tr	O	他的眼睛现在闭着，并且我看不到他呼吸。
tr	I	She chews on her bottom lip and her eyes narrow .
tr	O	他比她高一英尺多，而且为了听她说话，他不得不把头深深地俯下。
tr	O	我非常不想看纸上写了什么，但是我不得不看。
tr	O	直觉告诉她要跑，但是她害怕她的腿快要支撑不住了。
tr	I	His expression had softened , but his words were harsh .
tr	I	It was clear to me his pride was piqued , but he sounded uncertain .
tr	O	人群再次欢呼起来，并且约翰尼转过头，等待着报数。
tr	I	She made this one sound important , but Sundays are family dinner days at Mama Kelly 's house .
tr	I	I couldn 't think of how else to locate Lucy , but drawing attention to myself probably wasn 't the best tactic .
tr	O	它看不见，但是它能闻到他。
tr	O	他知道尼古拉斯不会从户外厕所出来，并且狗的存在会阻止任何人在那里搜寻。
tr	I	He was needed here in Rome , but he didn 't like to delegate this job .
tr	O	司机把头伸出窗外，输入密码到键盘里，并且大门平稳地旋转开启。
tr	I	There was a sick turn in my belly , and Christian was still touching me .
tr	I	As I have other irons in the fire , you have twenty-four hours to decide , and this is my final position .
tr	I	He swung the hoe viciously , and grasping tongues stretched toward Seth .
tr	O	如果她幸运的话，他可能会给她买一条裙子，但是那条裙子不值得穿。
tr	O	他轻敲了一个面板，并且二十五块屏幕变黑了。
tr	O	她最初的冲动是告诉他史蒂夫不关他的事，但是也许她可以利用这一点让蔡斯不再纠缠她。
tr	I	She recognized a note of reprimand , yet Lucian spoke in his most gentle voice .
tr	O	其中一些略微溢出，让她怒火中烧，双手紧握成拳，指甲刺破了掌心皮肤。
tr	I	She dialed Vince at his office , and he turned the tape recorder on .
tr	O	营地里的人不会注意到它，但是你从远处就能看到那粉色。
tr	O	他会声称你是个冒名顶替者，并且他们会相信他。
tr	O	我没有一个患糖尿病的母亲，并且我的父母也不是退休教师。
tr	I	Words faded from her mind , but Corinne opened her mouth to tease Lisa some more .
tr	O	她厚重的嘴唇已经没有口红了，并且她的鼻子需要补粉。
tr	I	I eagerly welcomed it , and his tongue demanded entry .
tr	I	We just had to agree to disagree , but I could tell she was not very impressed with the whip .
tr	O	然而没有一个是宜居的，并且没有任何东西提供保护。
tr	O	她冲回大街，但是他已经消失了。
tr	O	记忆涌上心头，并且她站不稳脚，以至于他抓住了她的手肘。
tr	O	他再次吻我，并且这次我让他的舌头进入我的口中。
tr	I	By midnight he was almost blinded by the pain and by the end of the day a throbbing started just behind his left eye .
tr	O	泰迪的脸因为最后那部分而皱了起来，但是克林特在他能问独角兽是什么意思之前继续说了。
tr	I	His fingers brushed my neck , and his arms circled my shoulders .
tr	I	It was killing me to try , but it was such a simple request .
tr	O	恐惧多于情感，让我想起迈克尔和我在早些时候讨论过的虚伪。
tr	O	花了几分钟平复我狂跳的心后，我带着对马库斯的思念走进了公寓，但是它们立刻被搁置了。
tr	O	那个孩子显然很崇拜奥斯汀，但是她却搞不清楚他们之间的联系。
tr	O	黑色污泥要将我完全吞噬，并且我对此束手无策。
tr	I	The expression didn 't last long , but John frowned a little .
tr	O	我自顾自地走着，并且她就在那里。
tr	I	Though at first my heart leapt , it quickly sank fast , and it took me a long time until I heard a car .
tr	O	她甚至都还没告诉她母亲她见过一个男人，然而克里斯托弗却改变了一切。
tr	I	I realized that I couldn 't have slept for very long , and my eyes opened slowly .
tr	O	女孩们点了点头，并且他离开她们一会儿，从远处看着。
tr	O	他叹了口气问道，知道无论如何，最好还是把它解决掉。
tr	I	She wouldn 't have wanted to mess things up , and it would have been the best thing that ever happened to her .
tr	O	外面的枪声已经减弱到零星的射击，并且等她走到门口时，连那也停止了。
tr	I	The show began and the lights dimmed .
tr	O	我知道这一点，然而我仍坚持。
tr	I	I 'll move on , or I think he 'll come around one day .
tr	O	我只要去马厩，并且他就在那儿。
tr	I	They 're around shifters all the time , but usually the change first happens as children .
tr	O	我会醒来，并且戴蒙就会不见了。
tr	O	他不是那种会看别的女人的人，但是他却无法克制自己不盯着她们看。
tr	O	房间在旋转，并且朱莉抓住了一把附近的椅子以防摔倒。
tr	I	I could feel it in every cell , but only one hand was on me .
tr	O	莎拉清了清嗓子，并且雷夫与她对视。
tr	I	He did not take it but his gaze moved to it .
tr	O	那个身影接着轻巧地躲到了门后，但是达蒙已经看得够多了。
tr	I	I watched you crumble , and he left you once .
tr	I	I could not take my eyes off of him , and he pulled me with him across the dance floor .
tr	I	He would be a much safer driver and she would be in a better position for coverage .
tr	O	音乐在播放，但是没有人跳舞。
tr	I	If they share blood with a human , they can exert some amount of mind control , and their blood has a very powerful effect on humans .
tr	O	她确信自己把他逼得太紧了，而且他不会再是她的朋友了。
tr	I	It was easier to work sixteen hours a day , but I think I knew it all along .
tr	O	她打电话给她的姐姐告诉她情况，并且傍晚时分又打给了她的父母。
tr	I	Some perverse satisfaction had kept her on the line , but she should 've hung up the phone long before .
tr	O	终于那个男人开口了，并且她被他深沉浑厚的声音吓了一跳。
tr	O	找到一个能安排和开具超自然预约账单的行政助理没那么容易。
tr	O	我应该恨你，但是我没有。
tr	I	They locked onto mine , and his eyes were open .
tr	O	最后一个和弦逐渐消失了，并且摄像机上的灯熄灭了。
tr	O	没有人像她那样理解我，并且可能没有人会再理解我了。
tr	O	李当时应该有十四岁了，并且和凯利一起回头看我的那个人肯定没那么年轻。
tr	O	他一定很强大，但是我认为他是友善的。
tr	I	I thought I should wait until later when my mom wasn 't around , but I really wanted to check with Sir Richard .
tr	I	The question had almost been rhetorical and she knew her information wasn 't wrong .
tr	O	他们用脚就像她可能用手一样，并且他们的真空服也经过了改造，以适应他们更灵活的脚趾。
tr	O	加州现在还很早，但是我爸爸在三声铃响后接了电话。
tr	O	远处的一挺机关枪开始嗒嗒作响，并且德国炮火的轰鸣声再次响起。
tr	O	有福尔马林的气味，贝卡的血，以及一些别的东西。
tr	O	我们会关闭血环，并且我们无法预见其后果。
tr	O	闪电击中了，并且他就不见了。
tr	O	袭击暂停了一段时间，但是它们在今年早些时候又开始了。
tr	O	乱马反弹了回来，并且他们离开了。
tr	O	玛丽的脸绷紧了，并且她收回了手。
tr	I	It was an army of lepers ... but he had returned with an army .
tr	I	Where will I take her , but I need to move her as soon as I can ?
tr	I	She wasn 't taking it off so someone could conveniently walk away with it , and this jacket had cost her big time .
tr	I	All the rooms sat connected together in a row , and it was a one-story motel made entirely of brick .
tr	I	He pressed an urgent kiss against them , and she brushed her fingertips across his mouth .
tr	I	I laugh , and asks Rob .
tr	I	Nothing ever came of it , but sometimes , I tried to call up a few memories from my life before I was eleven .
tr	O	圣凯瑟琳没什么可提供的，但是仅仅是出去就已经足够了；至少一开始是这样。
tr	I	He would work hard for Julienne , and he 'd worked hard for it .
tr	I	He wanted to protect her comfort as well , but he not only wanted to protect her fife .
tr	O	诚然，他当时还不知道，但是我从中获得了很大的个人满足。
tr	O	这件毛衣太宽松了，无法提供多少抵御凉爽夜风的保护，但是她又不能穿詹妮弗·马什的衣服。
tr	O	他不知道自己在她身上躺了多久，但是当他最终从她身上起身时，她已经在下面睡着了。
tr	O	我把车停好时，房子的前门开了，并且埃兹拉走了出来，紧张地搓着手。
tr	I	His Nephilim men thundered in , and Hank opened the shed door .
tr	I	He gave a tiny , warning shake of his head , and she turned her glare on him .
tr	O	我的提议被接受了，并且我坐了下来。
tr	O	他的眼里充满了同情，但是也有太多的理解。
tr	O	政府机构坚决否认在该地区有任何介入，但是许多市民听到了枪声。
tr	O	麦克斯挥下了他的剑，并且尖叫声停止了。
tr	I	I had my fingers crossed the whole time and I wasn 't sure she bought my acting .
tr	I	They perished just like before and he grabbed her wrist .
tr	O	站在大门前的男人们朝那个方向看了一眼，并且文森特利用了他们的分心。
tr	I	He can continue to provide for his rather ponderous family , and I will reinstate my clerk , at his former salary .
tr	O	洛丽只是想要一段健康的关系，但是现在很难看到实现这一目标的方法。
tr	O	霰弹枪醒着，但是他看起来很苍白。
tr	I	He had saved me from the hot deserts in Comanche Country , and he was my first priority as with him , I at least had transportation .
tr	I	Abby won , and they had argued vehemently .
tr	O	她长时间地审视着我，并且在她开口之前，我就从她的气场中看到了那个决定。
tr	I	He let out a hearty laugh and the Captain 's mood suddenly shifted .
tr	I	He could take her direction , and he could give her orders .
tr	O	道路很宽，但是它的边缘杂草丛生。
tr	O	云朵告诉我前方有什么天气，而且鸟群则显示气流在哪里很强。
tr	I	Not doing very well with it , but I was trying to move on .
tr	O	他会说服你做任何他想做的事情，而且他会让你认为那是你的主意。
tr	O	她如此湿润，如此紧致，而且蔡斯现在每一次呼吸都艰难地忍着。
tr	I	I helped her ... and she was afraid .
tr	O	那将需要好几天，但是在那之前，他们会有我们所说的一切记录。
tr	O	他们被允许在紧急情况下这样做，而且这种情况可能很快就会变成紧急情况。
tr	O	那男人的脖子和他的下巴一样宽，而且勋爵被他那明显硬朗、健壮的体格所安慰。
tr	O	卡利俄珀盯着艾娃，但是尽管她故作姿态，但不可否认的震惊还是布满了她的脸。
tr	O	他不喜欢他哥哥多管闲事，但是他忍不住对瑞奇的话感到好奇。
tr	I	She found it didn 't bother her now , but Tully used to hate that .
tr	I	I could see leather holsters at their sides and these men also wore belts across their chests .
tr	O	我正要回应，但是克里斯蒂娜打断了。
tr	O	援助人员回来了，并且我看了看时间。
tr	O	她的语气很轻松，但是她正用手绞着她的电光覆盆子色被子。
tr	O	我是圆满，并且从此刻起我将是原因。
tr	O	虽然也许狐狸是野兽，但是我认为野兽是更深层的东西。
tr	I	Her blond hair was cut in long shaggy layers and she was taller .
tr	I	Eli almost paused , and they looked up .
tr	O	睡意逐渐消退了，并且我眨眼抵抗着刺眼的光芒。
tr	I	You know it and your sister broke almost all of their rules .
tr	O	他把她转过来，并且用力按着她的背，把她按得在沙发扶手上弯下腰。
tr	O	我是人类，并且梅根不见了。
tr	O	我转身去给科恩递毛巾，当他从水里出来时，并且这是无法避免的。
tr	O	他自从我们上车后就没松开过我的手，并且现在他抓得更紧了。
tr	I	They exchanged handshakes all around , and Dr. Molino stood , too .
tr	O	我再次低头看那张照片，推开我所感受到的悲伤，并且我读了最后一行。
tr	I	They sent a shiver of horror through me , and those were the first words I ever heard her speak to an evil spirit .
tr	O	德克萨斯州现在有一支近万名战斗人员的墨西哥军队，并且根本没有所谓的德克萨斯州军队。
tr	I	They walked out into the bright warm sunshine and Sara accepted his outstretched hand .
tr	I	Now he understood why , and he hadn 't even thought of anyone since setting eyes on her .
tr	I	He turned toward the Siren , and he had a devilish grin on his face .
tr	I	The door twists into life and it beeps irregularly .
tr	O	大嘴张得更大了，并且她无助地凝视着里面。
tr	I	My eyes narrow just a bit , but I don 't do it on purpose .
tr	I	I squeezed off another round to be sure , but the first bullet hit him in the chest .
tr	O	影子没有任何用途，但是它们确实为景色增添了一定的深度。
tr	I	He was ready for it , but she threw an energy ball .
tr	I	He couldn 't see anything else , two glowing orbs radiating through the darkness and the headlights came rushing toward him .
tr	I	They wisely dodged out of his path , but I doubted they could see his bloodthirsty glare .
tr	O	他睁开了眼睛，并且它们被汗水蛰痛了。
tr	I	As he held her gaze , he silently asked her to trust him , and her green eyes connected with his .
tr	O	她能感觉到他，并且她能闻到他。
tr	I	She immediately regretted her words , and Annoyance saturated his voice .
tr	I	Then stopped , frowning , but he took a step .
tr	I	Garrett steered onward , toward the horizon , but the sky was beginning to turn leaden .
tr	O	她的肩膀垮了下来，并且她移开了视线。
tr	I	Flung it into the brush and he picked up a rock .
tr	I	Free will weren 't exactly synonymous and she 'd heard him bark enough orders at Chris to know Wulf .
tr	I	I turn my gaze to Holder and he walks out of the classroom .
tr	I	He must have decided against it , but I thought he might say something more .
tr	I	Some intangible quality of his essence seemed still to hover in this area , but Manfred was not there .
tr	I	The hole into the hallway was now just a tiny spot of light in the distance , and Michael looked back .
tr	I	Their arrival was acknowledged with more horns and servants again assisted them from the carriages .
tr	O	他终于站在那里，凝视着他自以为很了解的老鲁本·戈尔丁，并且彼此都没有说一句重要的话。
tr	I	Bodies moved , all almost too quickly to be seen and blades darted .
tr	I	It didn 't really say much , but that was true .
tr	O	她担心你一直不像你自己，并且你出门更频繁了。
tr	O	空气凉爽，还有点潮湿。
tr	O	那是个阴沉的日子，并且更暗的云团正在快速涌来。
tr	I	The awkwardness of it didn 't bother me , and I became familiar with how his world worked .
tr	O	内特感到困惑，凝视着火焰。
tr	O	她只是那么拼命地努力，并且我不明白为什么。
tr	I	The numbers started in the 1000s so I knew immediately that this was not the place and these lockers were very small .
tr	I	He could drive into me , a little further and I pressed both hands onto his chest so I could hold myself .
tr	I	He bit his lower lip and I saw his eyes widen .
tr	I	He looked down for a moment , and his fingers twined into Nicole 's .
tr	O	所以他认为炫耀他的新女友是没问题的，但是他却不知为何觉得他可以指使她可以见谁！
tr	I	They continued moving on through the spears of rain , but their heads swung in unison to look at the car .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , but I bent down to her , trying to calm her .
tr	O	电梯门滑开了，并且他们把我扶了进去。
tr	I	Again it wore off and Ben once again had his high .
tr	O	我知道这很蠢，而且我知道你并不那样看我。
tr	O	她无法分辨他在想什么，但是他手中的刀片却剧烈地颤抖着，随着他的手一起颤抖。
tr	I	Rose was caught in his gaze , and he stared into her eyes .
tr	I	She shivered , but Jasmin should have laughed .
tr	I	The foot traffic on the side street had increased since yesterday , but I didn 't see any workers nearby .
tr	O	他们看起来不一样了，并且那吓到了我。
tr	O	盖茨比认识阿拉娜，并且阿拉娜似乎并没有因为他缺席了那三百年而把他关进地牢。
tr	I	He needed her to know that it was the same for him , and he knew that a promise was as good as gold to her .
tr	O	那是一声剧烈的咳嗽，并且我的手拿开时，上面沾满了浓稠的血迹。
tr	O	他推了凯勒布一下，刚好足以让他离开车厢地板，并且我的兄弟消失了。
tr	O	他有一双炽热的蓝灰色眼睛，并且他的方下巴有一个凹痕。
tr	I	Its top was flat , and the object was rectangular .
tr	O	契约用鲜血封印，并且我去找她。
tr	O	它要么什么都不是，或者它是一个搬出去的好理由。
tr	O	后轮锁住了，并且汽车甩了出去。
tr	O	我越来越能认出那些颜色了，并且到中午时分我已经相当熟练了。
tr	O	这不是寻常的骗局，并且这超出了她目前所能理解的范围。
tr	I	It didn 't show , but he had been nervous .
tr	I	She didn 't want to take a journey without him close and she could only take blood from Nicolas .
tr	I	A throb pulsed through my lower body and I closed my eyes as a shudder went through me .
tr	O	她的男朋友是加文，并且我们正在进行双重约会。
tr	I	The furniture rattled , and the floor shook .
tr	I	He 'd executed a few moves that were surprisingly smart , but Brodie seemed to be playing a pretty obvious game .
tr	O	肾上腺素涌遍她的全身，并且她想喜极而泣。
tr	I	The wound looks clean , but you could still have an ultrasound to be certain .
tr	O	他一直喜欢和人待在一起，并且他通过经营酒吧就能做到这一点。
tr	O	火焰消失了，并且他吹掉了手指上的灰烬。
tr	I	He no longer cared , but he knew it was sinful to give in to such bliss .
tr	O	她回头看了一眼，但是洞穴一片漆黑。
tr	I	She 'd added that to the grocery list because they were out of it , but Jordan liked turkey bacon on his .
tr	O	五分钟前，紧张让她口干舌燥，但是那个吻已经解决了这个问题。
tr	O	他们已经能够重复2002年的实验，并且每次他们都成功地让铜立方体消失了。
tr	I	We both worked there after school , and we were staying with a couple that owned a small restaurant .
tr	I	The fabric grazes my cheek , and when I 'm about within arm 's reach , the Reaper suddenly turns , whipping its cape around .
tr	O	她脸色苍白，并且她的脸上，眼睛周围有一些紫色斑点。
tr	I	I remember wanting to impress Marek , but I was probably only three then .
tr	O	螺栓擦过他的皮肤而不是嵌入其中，但是它在经过时挖得足够深。
tr	I	I get chills and he looks at me ?
tr	I	He 's not here , but Sam 's my twin .
tr	O	我从口袋里掏出手机，并且果然，上面显示了一条新短信。
tr	O	约翰在被要求时仍然拒绝合作，但是那是带着一种非常和善幽默的方式。
tr	O	他们曾亲眼目睹死亡近在咫尺，并且他们的侥幸存活教会了他们新的教训。
tr	I	I was beginning to get panicky and by Friday I hadn 't heard from Gena .
tr	O	然后他笑了，并且那是一个令人不寒而栗的景象，因为他的獠牙闪现着。
tr	O	我向下看着它，并且那些字在我眼前模糊了。
tr	I	It 'll do for now , but that 's not really what I 'm after .
tr	O	马克的眼睛暗了下来，并且他的手臂无力地垂下。
tr	I	I paid for it and I took a chance .
tr	O	我侧眼看了他一眼，但是他的脸被阴影遮住了。
tr	I	He hadn 't made his point at all , and he felt the visit slipping through his fingers .
tr	I	For several seconds , we were silent , and I nodded in return .
tr	I	I still had no fucking idea what was going on , but several of her friends turned around to glare at me .
tr	I	My sweaty hands slip on the handle of the bat and my knees weaken .
tr	O	他迅速吻别了她，并且她转身走进她的大楼。
tr	O	马洛里跟着我们进来了，并且伊森关上了门。
tr	I	There was no seduction to her manner , but the leather pants hugged her curves .
tr	I	Dmitri made room for her in the back seat and Nicolas opened the tent in front of the car .
tr	I	I was out of time , and it meant Patch had arrived .
tr	I	I 'd really like to get to know myself again but I think to myself .
tr	O	我相信这会让萨曼莎开心，并且那是我需要知道的一切。
tr	O	桌子很快被收拾干净，并且一切都恢复了秩序。
tr	I	They snap around my ears in the process , making them sting , and he snatches them from my head .
tr	O	他和卡拉之间发生的事情超越了界限。
tr	I	It 's over , but last night was great .
tr	O	我摇了摇头，并且我们都散了。
tr	I	I didn 't want to get know him personally , but I stalked him because wanted to know about him .
tr	O	办公室小弟听到门铃声响转过身，并且他的灰色眼睛一落在肯娜身上就亮了起来。
tr	O	凯莉感到她自己的怒火在她体内沸腾，并且她擦去了脸上滑落的泪水。
tr	O	他没有意识到自己移动，但是他发现自己已经身在房间对面，他的手抚摸着她结实的臀部。
tr	O	实际上我无法忍受任何男人在你五十英尺范围内的想法，但是我尽力控制住自己的脾气。
tr	O	这是一个困难的射击，但是野兽已经足够近可以尝试。
tr	I	It was only a flash , but Cory felt the anger again .
tr	I	I don 't work cheap and you 're not funny .
tr	O	接着他抬起头，并且他盯着她看。
tr	O	那东西停了下来，并且凯琳娜停止了呼吸。
tr	I	His wrist weapon let loose a rapid succession of energy bursts as he fell , and the old miner had been trailing behind us .
tr	O	如果我虚弱，他的抓握会弄疼我，但是我并没有觉得我处于任何危险之中。
tr	O	我的嘴唇更用力地贴向她的，不粗暴，但是想要尽可能地靠近她。
tr	O	天使湾很小，以至于只有一个主要路口，并且它就在咖啡馆前面。
tr	O	柔和无形的声响，并且其他更刺耳的。
tr	I	It took him four rings to find it , but Aaron fumbled through his pockets looking for it .
tr	O	学生们在舞台周围的草地上集中成群地交谈，并且我的目光被一对正在与模糊忍者搏斗的男生吸引了。
tr	I	She threw the hose down as she ran for safety , and he laughed in a way that made her scream again .
tr	O	她不太喜欢杜松子酒，但是它却能给她带来最棒的快感。
tr	I	The door leading into the bedroom was out of sight and a closed door across the room , I guessed , led to a bathroom .
tr	I	They weren 't taking chances , and the stalker still hadn 't been caught .
tr	O	我试图说服自己，他让我失去了萨姆，因此他某种程度上活该如此，但是我做不到。
tr	I	There were no two ways about it and it was a fine homestead indeed that they were building .
tr	I	She deserved to be happy and Amy was a beautiful woman .
tr	O	他在夏洛特活着的时候与她分享了他的人生，并且那让生活变得美好许多。
tr	I	They both waved their welcome and Elizabeth sided up to him .
tr	I	First , I think there 's a small chance she 's headed for Headquarters , but I 'll explain everything .
tr	O	显然他想为她双胞胎姐妹下周二的到来赎罪，但是没有什么能弥补那一切。
tr	I	Her breathing grew regular and he watched anxiously as the color returned to her cheeks .
tr	O	我拿起我的包，并且我把它们带到我的床上。
tr	I	Few were able to appreciate it but the view from the crest of the mountains was awesome .
tr	O	珍娜走近了，并且我知道她在埃洛迪的眼中寻找我。
tr	O	她张开嘴发出了一声甜蜜的表示赞同的呻吟，并且凯恩抓住机会加深了他们的吻。
tr	I	The only thing I had scheduled was my semiannual turnout of Beanie Winthrop 's walk-in closet , and I keep Wednesday mornings open for cleaning emergencies .
tr	O	那些话语非常微弱，然而她却能听到它们。
tr	O	有手从他身后伸到他胳膊底下，并且突然他得到了一股额外的推力。
tr	O	那时候，杰和我都明白我们根本不是在度假。
tr	I	She couldn 't touch it , but instinctively , she reached for Cain 's power to aid her efforts .
tr	I	They are always very well handled , these English frigates , and the frigate alone will have twice our firepower .
tr	O	这是我唯一从没费心藏起来的刀之一，并且自从我结婚那天起，我就把它放在比平时更顺手的地方。
tr	O	他的脸色沉了下来，但是他的表情如此夸张，以至于她知道他在装模作样。
tr	I	She straightened the gold strands , and Alex touched Amy 's hair .
tr	I	The ball landed next to me and I crashed into the end zone .
tr	O	她能感觉到卢克的目光带着明显的渴望扫过她半裸的身体，但是她却抵抗住钻到被子底下的冲动。
tr	I	It was chilly to say the least , and the sky was grey .
tr	O	一声紧张的傻笑溜了出来，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	I	I will never do tricks for money and I don 't go out at night .
tr	I	I 've got extra weight on my bones , and I eat food .
tr	I	This is why he insisted he coordinated the battle from the war room , but he knew Lukas wanted to be on the battlefield with him .
tr	O	司机装好了我的行李，并且我开始上车。
tr	O	你可能对发生过的事情有过幻觉，但是你并没有真正看到它。
tr	I	He followed and Liz had entered a room at the top of the stairs .
tr	O	我猛地抽身，但是我的皮肤在他碰过的地方感觉像着火了一样。
tr	I	My mother was descending into complete madness so severe that she terrified me , and I was about to graduate eighth grade .
tr	O	一阵急促的哔哔声从门里飘了进来，并且泰勒接着喊了出来。
tr	I	My legs couldn 't move fast enough , and I 'd told Logan that I couldn 't do it , that he was asking the impossible .
tr	I	Hurried through the long passage to the stairs , and she picked up her leather bag , slung it over her shoulder .
tr	I	His father climbed out and Rob shoved the phone in his pocket as a familiar truck pulled to a stop .
tr	O	精神是强大的，但是身体是虚弱的。
tr	O	我一开始不确定发生了什么，并且我乞求他放我走，在当局发现之前。
tr	I	I desperately wanted him to go away , but I didn 't want to mess anything up for Owen 's contract with Roger 's father .
tr	O	他把社区的人召集起来，并且房子正在维修中！
tr	I	I find myself breathing in tandem , and her chest rises on an inhale .
tr	O	她朝他咧嘴一笑，并且他的心雀跃起来。
tr	O	他对自己的地盘再次被侵犯感到恼火，但是我知道他很快就会把那只狗收拾得服服帖帖。
tr	O	电动火车在轨道上嗡嗡作响，并且阳光斑驳的树木遮蔽着沿着城市开放走廊延伸的小径。
tr	O	他冲我歪嘴一笑，但是那没有多大帮助。
tr	I	The rest of his body had leapt into a high adrenalin state anyway , but his brain was logically telling him that there was nothing to fear .
tr	I	I wasn 't really sure but I had my suspicions .
tr	I	The pictures she likes , but the words mean nothing to her .
tr	O	我感觉到斯科特走到我身后，并且我全身都起了鸡皮疙瘩。
tr	O	莱诺克斯提供，并且我点头。
tr	O	我的手立刻覆盖住它，并且我的腿像果冻一样颤抖。
tr	O	家人先到了那里，并且也许是史无前例的，我母亲没有让我感到压力。
tr	O	我脸上血色全无，并且我看向了文森特。
tr	I	He did a poor job of it , and he tried very hard to reconnect to a world where Gerald was rich -- that was reality now .
tr	O	他抱着我的头，抚摸着我的头发，我的肩膀颤抖着，而且泪水浸湿了他布满伤痕的胸膛。
tr	I	He put out a hand to stop her , but she started to cover herself self-consciously .
tr	O	特里克只是摇了摇头，但是他没有再说什么。
tr	I	I feel the panic quickly and 17 I wake around ten .
tr	O	杜瓦问我，并且我惊呆了。
tr	O	我转身想离开，但是我被相机包围了。
tr	O	我突然感到虚弱，并且我的双腿开始颤抖。
tr	O	他保持沉默，注视着她，并且她知道他想要什么。
tr	O	我们向前开，并且他握住我的左手，在开车经过我家附近时，轻轻地用拇指摩挲着手背。
tr	I	Nash tore off and the light changed .
tr	I	Only then did I realize that I hadn 't pushed my goggles down off my forehead , and my eyes were beginning to sting .
tr	I	The feeling was mutual , and it was known all over Chicago that he considered Cronin his most bitter enemy .
tr	I	He needs the help and Norma called in sick .
tr	O	希亚轻柔的哀鸣声在他怀里变得低沉，然而它们在他的脑海中回荡。
tr	O	我早餐吃些吐司，很普通，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	I realized quickly it didn 't mean anything good , but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	O	她的心跳加速，并且她的嘴巴干了。
tr	O	她的手臂环抱着双腿，并且她的脸转向了那扇通往海滩的玻璃门。
tr	I	Blades shot out around the soles , and she stomped her boots .
tr	I	He accepted the bag , but Bax 's eyes widened .
tr	I	I love you as Sarah , and I love you as Elizabeth .
tr	O	克拉拉已经要求她那样做，并且我不能反对。
tr	O	他的叔叔是一位先生，并且当亚当被转化时，他同时拥有天赋对议会来说是件幸事。
tr	O	火车开始驶出车站，并且她拿出了她的手机。
tr	O	你会感到脚下发热，这表明你已经取得了联系，并且他们已准备好听从你的吩咐。
tr	O	大门被打开了，并且他被放了进去。
tr	O	他的嘴唇不断靠近他的目标，并且他无视了她那紧抓着他头发，试图将他推开的手指。
tr	O	科林的整个身体僵住了，并且他的胃感觉像是被狠狠地踢了一脚。
tr	O	萨拉衣柜的门唰地打开了，并且她发现自己与一位愤怒、凶猛的战士面对面。
tr	O	大厅里仅有的几个人正朝我们看过来，但是我不认为他们能听到我们说了些什么。
tr	I	You fucking shied away from being naked in front of me all the time , and I knew you were tired .
tr	I	He felt so good , and she felt him everywhere .
tr	I	In such times the battle can be felt at home in a marriage , and there was a war to be fought .
tr	I	Then she closed it , and she opened her mouth , looked as though she wanted to ask me something else .
tr	I	A kaleidoscope of colors merged and an explosion occurred within her .
tr	O	他从一开始就知道这对年轻的古德尼斯会是一个多么棘手的案子，但是没有人欣赏他的洞察力。
tr	O	他笑了，但是声音是空洞的。
tr	O	我问了，并且他咧嘴一笑。
tr	I	We will flee in the sunlight and I will draw up the mountains .
tr	I	It didn 't , but she wished she could claim it stood out as her worst one .
tr	O	马利克站在开着的门口，并且他伸出手示意邀请。
tr	O	他不确定他想要什么，但是他知道这不包括让她离开。
tr	I	Her curves are burned into my brain , and she bends to choose the last remaining gift .
tr	O	很快船帆绷紧了，并且一阵清新的微风开始吹拂。
tr	I	He made me look like some deranged lunatic off her meds , and he had the police eating out of his hand .
tr	O	他的眼睛向上滑去与我的目光相遇，并且它们在那里停留了一会儿。
tr	O	门开了，并且丝绸走了回来。
tr	O	十八岁时你可以越过一些墙看到其他房间，并且你开始思考大人们是否一直都是对的。
tr	O	我所想要的就是把Lucky带到这个派对，但是现在我开始怀疑这是否是一个更大的错误。
tr	I	A large lump in her throat threatened to choke her , and when he looked away , Lisa caught the sheen of tears in his eyes .
tr	O	长老们正要来接管荫蔽处，而且这可怕的现实沉入了我和我的同伴心中。
tr	O	二十分钟后在我家见我，并且我们再谈。
tr	O	他们藏匿你，他们保护你，并且他们赋予你力量。
tr	I	The guards would patrol outside the two fences , and there was to be another electrified fence between .
tr	I	She seemed nice , but Odd that Tess would choose her as a friend .
tr	O	他还活着，但是他的一部分正在消失。
tr	O	她有一个像哮喘儿童般微弱气喘的声音，并且为什么扩音对她来说是强制性的显而易见。
tr	O	一想到要读任何关于他的东西，我就不寒而栗，但是我需要一个了结。
tr	I	She released me a moment later , and I gave her a quick pat on the back .
tr	I	Few confronted it , but many of the aspects accepted their lot .
tr	O	她不确定如果他向前倾身，她是否会阻止他，并且那让她感到困惑。
tr	O	我示意我们剩下的人跟他一起去，并且我等待着，同时那个扭动的伊奥尼亚人被拖到悬崖转角处。
tr	I	I didn 't want to discuss anything with him anymore and the conversation with Sarah had put me on edge .
tr	I	It was almost impossible , but I tried to maintain my game face .
tr	I	Mark was already on stage plugging in his guitar , but he wanted to ask Mark if he 'd seen them .
tr	O	咆哮声平息了，并且我环顾了一下房间。
tr	I	Suddenly it was there and my finger traced down the entries for ' P ' .
tr	I	It was going to be , but indeed , something wasn 't right .
tr	O	我想要问为什么，但是我可以看到萨拉的电话快要结束了。
tr	I	She breathed in his musky scent and his hair was soft under her fingers .
tr	I	That filled my mind , and I had my own .
tr	O	这些该死的眼泪又回来了，并且这只会让我对他更生气。
tr	O	他的声音在最后几个字上扬，并且他对皮特的怒视变得更加凶猛。
tr	O	我试图捂住我的嘴，但是我还没有足够快。
tr	O	泰勒调高了收音机，并且珍妮让她的头靠在头枕上。
tr	O	我很想和金核对一下，但是我们必须等到我们独处。
tr	O	他的手抓得更紧了，并且他开始把她拉开。
tr	O	她也有吸血鬼的饥饿感，并且那股嗜血欲在她体内滋长。
tr	I	He stroked his fingers over her arm in a soothing pattern and Alaric 's arm tightened around her shoulders .
tr	O	它的窗户贴着纸以遮挡光线，并且被困的空气中弥漫着刺鼻的化学溶液味。
tr	I	That 's all right , and we drift off with no solutions between us .
tr	O	他们都没有说话，并且他们都带着目的行动。
tr	I	His eyes stopped with Pappy , and the deputy looked around the crowd .
tr	I	He holds his breath , his dark eyes meeting mine , and I trace my index finger over the raised pink line .
tr	O	霍利迪点了点头，但是不相信的神色在她眼中一闪而过。
tr	I	Her shoulders seemed more slumped than they had been just a few moments ago , and deep parentheses bracketed Mom 's mouth .
tr	O	他咬着下嘴唇，并且我能看出他很紧张。
tr	O	她的头又剧烈地抽痛了一下，并且她吸了一口气，发出嘶嘶的声音。
tr	I	I 'm sure the guy is long gone , but I 'll stick with you just in case .
tr	O	她的伴侣转过身，并且他的薄嘴唇从他歪斜的黄牙上咧开。
tr	I	He wasn 't responding to her questions , but she could see her son 's awake .
tr	O	铃声让我省去了进一步解释，并且我们都滑入座位。
tr	I	He kept up nicely , but I was practically running .
tr	I	I swung without thinking , and my brain clicked off .
tr	I	The night air was filled with those singing insects again and it was quiet for a moment .
tr	I	The seam up along the side of the skirt was mostly split and the shoulders of her blouse were ripped in places .
tr	I	She leans her head onto the counter in front of her , and shock , followed by devastation , makes her face crumple .
tr	O	卖弄的姿态消失了，并且他再次变成了严肃博学的讲师。
tr	I	They ran together down the stairs all the way to the street and he grabbed Alethea 's arm .
tr	I	I need your knowledge , but I have taken a great chance with you .
tr	I	There was a great scandal when it all came out and they kept their unlicensed , unlawful , marriage a secret .
tr	I	It didn 't quite fit , but I tried to hang that name on the girl I remembered .
tr	O	他抓住了我，仿佛他一直在等我，并且下一刻他的嘴唇就贴上了我的。
tr	I	They 'd been sent to a military reform school rather than juvie , but they 'd all landed in trouble with the law as teens .
tr	I	There was nothing unusual about that , but most of them were on cell phones .
tr	O	她的手机在桌上嗡嗡作响，并且我看到那是贾斯汀。
tr	O	埃里克伸出了左手，并且那人小心翼翼地握了握。
tr	I	This time , Iona 's tongue came out to meet his , and he licked her again .
tr	I	I don 't move , but my eyes flick open .
tr	O	Tethys从桌子上滚下来，并且她小心翼翼地伸手去够一把椅子。
tr	I	I could see the tension in his shoulders and Leonardo frowned .
tr	I	Her body was wide open , but her heart might be guarded .
tr	O	这引起了莉亚的反应，并且她开始睁开眼睛。
tr	O	大桥在我们身下颤抖，并且我抓住一根白色扶手，当风吹向我时，将我的双脚从桥上扫开。
tr	I	As soon as I was free , I hurried off to find Eddie , and the time flew by .
tr	O	她父亲的脸垮了下来，但是她接下来的话改变了它。
tr	I	Where were these helpful employees they always advertised , and I should have been able to find this stuff ?
tr	O	他被问过很多关于比赛的问题，但是已经很久没有人问为什么了。
tr	I	This time it did involve Sarah , and this was more serious than everyday gossip .
tr	O	乔尔在这里，并且现在我们和经理有麻烦了。
tr	I	We both sighed in relief and I let go of her hand .
tr	O	音乐响起，并且我们都站在那里，当棺材消失时。
tr	I	Their minds moved faster , and their eyes grew sharp .
tr	O	他几乎累死了，但是那种渴望，那种需要，仍然存在。
tr	I	Something pokes me in the back and I slump back in the sofa .
tr	I	I don 't think we rigged it for them , but they have a water heater .
tr	I	Deni laughed as his rough tongue nearly pushed her over , and Jace licked her face , tasting her tears .
tr	I	It was still awkward , but she probably had a good reason .
tr	O	他会受伤，但是他会痊愈。
tr	O	约翰逊先生轻声表示同意，但是我听到了话语背后的玩味。
tr	O	我确信这很难问我，但是我不知道。
tr	O	汤姆心跳加速，并且他的膝盖抖得太厉害，他担心他们会听到。
tr	O	他富有表现力地挥舞着他细长的手，并且他的眼睛因假装的惊讶而睁大了。
tr	O	是好奇的克里斯，并且他已经看够了，同样觉得群体对他没有威胁。
tr	I	Then Loretta 's voice came on the line , and he waited , listening to some awful music .
tr	O	他左右飞翔，但是走廊里空无一人。
tr	O	通常，这是一项乏味的任务，但是今天它变得出人意料。
tr	O	她的鼻子有点痒，并且她打了个喷嚏。
tr	O	尚普兰，我想它是这么叫的，但是我从这些平坦的土地上从未瞥见过它。
tr	I	I was pretty sure he 'd had different plans for our Saturday before his dad showed up , but we didn 't talk about it .
tr	O	他的表哥从来都不是一个有耐心的人，但是在那一刻他完全同意他的看法。
tr	O	一个“源”会为了使其奏效而耗尽自己，并且他们通常也会把“骗子”一起带走。
tr	I	This time it sounded like an apology , but Jared sighed again .
tr	I	I was sure he 'd figured out where my original question was going , but I didn 't doubt Nate could find someone .
tr	I	Jack had dealt with paying the taxi driver and the taxi had dropped us off .
tr	O	他惊讶地扬起了眉毛，并且他的手随即环绕住了它。
tr	I	I 'd refused to see him , but he 'd attempted to visit me twice more while I was hospitalized .
tr	I	I 've always found it endearing , but Brax is overprotective .
tr	O	她十九岁，并且他三十五岁。
tr	I	Einstein kept playing off beat , but he used to play with Rubin stein .
tr	I	By then we 're at our lockers down senior hall , and when he retrieves it , he slides it back on .
tr	I	I appreciated their sixth sense when it came to my feelings and they knew I wasn 't in the mood to discuss what had just happened .
tr	O	巴士天忍不住笑了出来，并且哈文很难保持生气。
tr	I	I do , but I know Zeus doesn 't care about that kind of stuff .
tr	O	他后退了一步，并且就在那时我注意到一群人在我们周围形成了一个紧密的圈子。
tr	I	I cherished every moment of it , and I welcomed the beast within me .
tr	O	第8章 过程本身就是乐趣 爱丽丝和我在一起大约一周后，她才开始南下。
tr	O	这持续了几年，并且那个新手丝毫没有察觉，对吗？
tr	O	我吃了几片，但是它们尝起来糟透了。
tr	I	Although this wasn 't open on Saturday , she would attend emergencies , and Doctor Mary Livingstone lived above her surgery about half a mile away .
tr	O	这种勉强的客套令人疲惫，并且我不想继续我们生硬的对话。
tr	I	She was the only one who heard it , but Josie answered back .
tr	I	She trembled at my touch and her skin was so smooth .
tr	I	He shook his head , but she started to speak .
tr	O	当她没有立即按他说的做时，他把她猛撞到那扇冷酷的金属门上，并且她跌坐在地上。
tr	O	那个吻变得热切，并且我的手被夹在我们之间，只能紧紧抓住他衬衫的前襟。
tr	O	我们绕到那座破旧的小庙后面，并且我第一次看到了那只野兽。
tr	I	Instead of leaving , he advanced , and he didn 't appear worried .
tr	O	我的眼泪溢了出来，并且我来不及擦掉它们。
tr	O	事情已决定，并且康拉德已同意。
tr	O	风刮大了，并且雨点敲打着他的雨衣。
tr	I	I couldn 't break him , but it was obvious that he too knows something about who I am that I don 't know .
tr	O	它几乎淡而无味得令人无法忍受，并且它让她作呕。
tr	I	Her boldness stretched to Kim heights , and Julie sensed Pete inviting them towards a better time .
tr	I	Her heart melted again , and his words were a hesitant offering of love , rendering a seemingly invincible man vulnerable .
tr	O	班长挥手回应了，并且队员们转回了环形路，那里更容易走。
tr	I	I 'm very happy to have you stay here with me , and we 're all very excited to have you here with us .
tr	O	她有三个小弟弟，并且她的妈妈被解雇了。
tr	O	她下了楼，并且她的鼻子一闻到食物的味道，她就意识到酒店有一家咖啡馆。
tr	I	My legs shook with the effort to make it to the bathroom that joined the two suites together , and Sweat dotted my forehead .
tr	I	The rational self knew she wasn 't here , but part of me wanted to look for Silk .
tr	I	The dangerous undertones didn 't escape my attention , but his voice was calm .
tr	O	他对自己的笑话笑了，但是汤姆先生从不觉得它好笑。
tr	I	It 's not the way you need to be loved , but I love you .
tr	I	One had been strangled , and one had been bludgeoned .
tr	I	It taught me how to muffle the noise , and Translocation was a lot of fun , actually .
tr	I	A cool sweat beaded her upper lip and the air rushed from Paige 's lungs .
tr	O	一瞬间他的眼睛眯了起来，并且他嘴角的笑容僵住了。
tr	I	I realized I had no idea which room was Clay 's and I walked up the stairs .
tr	I	It didn 't get better as I took everything in , and when we landed I immediately felt like things were off .
tr	I	His world faded to nothing before the rest of his body could contact the ground , and his knees hit the pavement .
tr	O	他走上前去拥抱她，并且他将她温暖地抱在怀里。
tr	I	I found it creepy as hell , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	终于枪声平息了，并且门打开了，露出了斯科舍。
tr	I	Now he was grinning like a kid on a theme park ride , but normally , Op Nine was about as joyful as an undertaker .
tr	O	他试图再次呼吸，但是他喉咙里的空气灼热。
tr	O	她知道她应该因为这个问题的个人性质而感到被冒犯，但是出于某种原因她没有。
tr	O	我是迷失者的幸存者，弱者的幸存者，并且我是强者的气息。
tr	O	他的手指滑进了我的胸罩，并且他捏我时我尖叫起来。
tr	I	He leaned in to kiss me , and my legs barely touched the leather .
tr	O	他无法解释他梦见老虎在沙滩上奔跑，但是他一直都对那只生物有着一种莫名的联系。
tr	I	He ignored her , but she raised her hips against him , searching for his giving fingers .
tr	I	I 'm afraid I have troubling news , but you will be paid the promised price .
tr	I	I instantly knew I wasn 't going to like the answer and Jack 's jaw tensed .
tr	I	She isn 't one of them and she isn 't one of us .
tr	I	At least he was determined to act that way , or it was like he 'd forgotten Edward was there .
tr	I	He trusted me with his car , and he was always with me .
tr	O	基尔感觉到他正在与自己的良心挣扎，但是事实上，他已无法再做更多了。
tr	I	I didn 't think that was going to get me anywhere , but I wanted to tell him that it wasn 't his fault .
tr	I	I find that suits me well , for I am cautious about my personal writing , and she thinks that I am interested in poetry .
tr	O	我们称之为筑巢，并且这是完全正常的。
tr	I	It was incredible -- and she had come upon a formula for her divisions !
tr	I	I licked my lips slowly as I waited for him to kiss me , and he winked at me .
tr	I	The weapon climbed up into the sky streaking back down to smash the left-most enemy tank and once again the flight motor kicked in .
tr	I	She could not grab hold of this greasy innkeeper , but Susan felt faint all of a sudden .
tr	O	汤姆离开了，而且肖恩笑了。
tr	I	He knew that he was on her list as well , but Ma had ribbed Joe at the table about settling down .
tr	I	This is getting complicated but I used a local Lawyer for the simple sale of a couple lots .
tr	I	I refused , but I should have accepted her offer .
tr	O	镜子已经破碎了，但是即使是一个弱小的篡位者也能在不需要镜子的情况下在世界间穿梭。
tr	I	Your curiosity couldn 't be stifled , but Max wanted you to be careful .
tr	O	我靠在我客厅沙发边缘，而且索菲亚把背靠在我的胸口。
tr	I	Now the whole region is evacuating , and Springdale got hit hard .
tr	I	I do want to get back to Adele as soon as possible , and it would take us all day to walk across the city .
tr	I	She ought to demand them out of her father after school , and she deserved some answers .
tr	O	这是她第一次听到这些，而且这表现在她的脸上。
tr	O	四人中总有一个会最终衰弱，而且海文决心不会是她。
tr	I	Brice was afraid of him and the man was a bully .
tr	O	当时已是下午晚些时候，而且街机厅里更拥挤了。
tr	O	他们的夜晚甚至还没真正开始，而且她的胸口就已经因期待而感到紧张。
tr	O	那是一份专业活儿，并且如果德卡德不在场，扳机就会轻松隐没于夜色中。
tr	O	我活过了一个人未来的三生，而且我终于凝视着我一直等待的那个人的绿眼睛。
tr	O	一年中这么晚了还爬这么高，而且天气会使山脉几乎寸步难行。
tr	O	珍妮从另一侧抓住了把手，并且他们两人艰难地向上爬，工具箱在他们中间。
tr	O	她把我们推得更近了，并且还没等我反应过来，我们就在跳舞了。
tr	O	他开走了，并且我就独自一人了。
tr	O	车灯剧烈地晃动着，并且我甚至不知道他们为什么会有这条路。
tr	I	His skin color changed slightly pale and his muscles ached .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but the desperate sound in my voice should have been embarrassing .
tr	I	It was too late , but Elaina flinched back .
tr	I	We need to make a pit stop here first , but I have some ... friends in Arizona .
tr	O	他抬起头，并且当我们的目光相遇时，我屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	他注意到镜像的动作，并且他的目光迅速转向我的手，然后又回到我的脸上。
tr	O	他被抓住了，并且他知道这一点。
tr	I	As I heard him coming up behind me , I knew he wasn 't going to change his mind , but our conversation was far from done .
tr	O	我能听到周围到处都是咳嗽声，并且我妈妈不断地把水送到我的嘴边。
tr	I	Jackson stopped me , but I reached down to pull off my skirt .
tr	O	她站了起来，并且当齐克伸手去抓她时，她甩开他的手，走向其中一扇门。
tr	I	It would be his total joy to knock David across his pathetic jaw but Derek was normally not a violent man .
tr	O	他抬起了臀部，并且摩擦感是极致的。
tr	O	然后它们陷了进去，并且我的胃更绞痛了。
tr	I	All of those were in self-defense , and he 'd only shot down four .
tr	I	Four fast attack shuttles launch from one of her starboard docking bays , their bright blue engines flaring and the great juggernaut comes about .
tr	O	我想这与整个吸血鬼的事情相符，但是看到它仍然相当令人震惊。
tr	O	我不想让他离开，但是当他走开时，我什么也没说。
tr	I	The girl smiled warmly , and they shook hands .
tr	O	黄金产地食物短缺，并且附近的野生动物很快就被捕杀殆尽了。
tr	I	The gods have cursed them with these ... these ... aberrations and your son has betrayed his kind by Claiming this human girl .
tr	I	I persuaded her to be more forthcoming , but she didn 't want to talk then .
tr	O	如你所见，这行不通了，并且我恐怕这将是我的最后一次尝试了。
tr	O	这有点像是一场奇观，但是她却相信他已在她掌控之中。
tr	I	At the funeral , he blamed Ella for their mother 's death and Dean was never a good brother .
tr	O	他对那天充满了苦涩，但是如果他真的回想起来，那就是把他塑造成现在这个男人的原因。
tr	O	我以前从未见过BBC新闻主播在直播中哭泣，但是他们确实哭了，而且他们两个都哭了。
tr	I	He departed and I nodded .
tr	I	She has been through enough and she 's not a fighter .
tr	I	She never would have called them back in or Sylvia must have figured that out .
tr	O	我点头以作回答，并且他把头倾向收银台。
tr	I	That 's okay , but Time slips by .
tr	O	这有点像一个全天的事情，并且我真的不想一个人去。
tr	O	争吵总是喧闹不已，并且爱情是令人目眩且吞噬一切的。
tr	I	He couldn 't tell her the truth right now , but he didn 't want to make up any more lies .
tr	I	His chest rose sharply , and he jerked under my touch .
tr	O	其中一些对她来说太深奥了，但是其中一些却恰到好处。
tr	I	I 'd back away , but it would be hard .
tr	I	I watched as he punched in a series of numbers , and she willingly handed her phone to the no-name football player .
tr	I	My teeth banged the one against the others and my mouth the air , the jaw went off to empty .
tr	I	We were about to leave without him and I 'd forgotten about the dog in my frenzy .
tr	O	他在对我大喊什么，但是风的怒吼声将声音撕裂了。
tr	O	压力压迫着我的胸口，并且我意识到我不想死。
tr	I	The price tag was steep , but NET was satisfied that the facial features could be adjusted infinitely .
tr	O	她的女儿才出生几个小时，然而埃琳娜已经爱她爱得无法言喻，甚至在她出生前就爱她了。
tr	I	My legs are numb and June is slumped across me with her head on my lap .
tr	O	大部分是更强大的领主的仆人，然而这些领主却隐藏着自己。
tr	I	He expected to suffer now and he suffered .
tr	O	我竭力去看，但是雪扭曲了一切。
tr	O	我的身体漂浮着，并且我顺其自然。
tr	I	Finally we broke apart and he slowed the kiss .
tr	I	I found my pocket , and finally it was free .
tr	I	The reaction went far beyond his wildest expectations , but Dak had expected the philosopher to be troubled .
tr	I	She failed miserably , but she wore something that was supposed to look like a goddess dress .
tr	O	从安全角度来看，这个区域并不大，但是它有它的挑战。
tr	O	他想安抚安吉丽卡，但是他必须保持专注。
tr	O	她走了，并且我们已经同意不再费力寻找她。
tr	O	他记得自己非常生气，并且他跑向了女孩们。
tr	I	We fol owed and Jared grabbed my sleeve .
tr	O	扎恩的笑容消失了，并且他向泰走了一步。
tr	O	她的目光与他的相遇了，并且一声长叹从她喉咙里滑出。
tr	O	我把手捂住嘴巴，并且我确定我的眼睛瞪得很大。
tr	O	他坐在俯瞰太平洋的长凳上，试图集思广益，但是他所有的想法都毫无进展。
tr	O	如果她有那个力气，她可能会打他，但是她太累了以至于无法付出努力。
tr	I	That didn 't stop the tears , but his father put a comforting arm around her shoulder .
tr	O	她脑子里警钟大作，但是她必须保持冷静。
tr	O	她怀里抱着孩子，并且她会没事的。
tr	I	Conor doubted whether he had ever seen a better human match for a bear , and he stood almost half a head taller than Tarik .
tr	O	她怀疑他是否同意，但是他没有争辩。
tr	I	It had only a phone number on the back and the name Miranda Cummings was scripted on the front in gold .
tr	I	He knew he didn 't want the boy 's pity , but the Captain hadn 't yet decided what to think of his brave little Monkey .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to challenge her , but I still didn 't understand her logic .
tr	O	吕西安的目光和我对视，但是他没有说话。
tr	O	它很旧，并且看起来相当破旧。
tr	O	弗兰克伸手抓门锁，但是他带血的手指在镀铬把手上打滑了。
tr	I	She started the car and I said to Susan .
tr	O	它现在空着，但是我能想象当难民从上层地下墓穴下来时它们会变得多么拥挤。
tr	I	Magnus saw the look Valentine gave Lucian , but Valentine clasped Lucian 's arm in return .
tr	I	The concern in the driver 's voice was evident , but she couldn 't see his face in the dark .
tr	I	I can count on Drew , but I can 't trust Cale .
tr	O	我发自内心地不想做这件事，但是我别无选择。
tr	I	It made her feel uncomfortable and he held Victoria 's waist .
tr	O	在那里，如果别无他处，我是对的，并且众神是错的。
tr	O	期待使他的肌肉紧绷，但是他却故意抵抗着它。
tr	O	我喜欢他的陪伴，但是他一定有别的事情要做，所以我不想再留他了。
tr	O	我将身体弓向他，将胸部紧贴他的胸膛，并且我的乳头刺痛起来。
tr	O	粉红色涌上她的颈部，染红了她的脸颊，并且我的名字从她唇间溢出。
tr	I	It was still cute , but he hadn 't found anything that worked yet .
tr	O	倒不是说她会对他使用它们，但是也许它们会吓退他。
tr	I	I was never more grateful for the night sky and my cheeks flushed red .
tr	O	他不希望她从他身边抽离，并且她的静止中有些东西让他担心。
tr	O	他应该有答案，并且他不知道该怎么办。
tr	I	His wife didn 't bother responding to him and he knew it was a waste of breath .
tr	I	She had never done it , but she knew it was possible .
tr	I	Tears are clouding my vision and I open my eyes again .
tr	I	After landing the punch on Luisa 's head , Luisa hit back with a right hook to Lea 's head , and Lea threw a left hook .
tr	O	我们经过的建筑物看起来很古老，但是 我没有仔细看清楚原因。
tr	I	This will be good practice for you , and you 're a Keeper now .
tr	O	他侧身站立，侧对着我，并且 一只大大的、苍白的眼睛从他狭长的脸上向下凝视着我。
tr	I	June 's howls got louder and heavy thuds landed on it .
tr	O	我有几个朋友，但是 我仍然感到孤独。
tr	O	是卡姆，并且 他正咧着嘴笑。
tr	O	战争还没有结束，但是 这场战斗归艾雯。
tr	I	To him , it reeked of evil , but well , she didn 't actually smell bad .
tr	O	她走进右边的第二个房间，并且 我露出了得意的一笑。
tr	O	泰森约我出去过几次，但是 我总是拒绝。
tr	I	A smile flickers across her face , and the old woman lights her candle .
tr	I	This is luxury , but I already know that he is rich .
tr	O	我多少有些平息了怒气，但是 我现在肯定会仔细听这场谈话。
tr	I	He would happily know more about her and she still had some questions for him .
tr	I	The snow sucked his legs down , but he rolled , then tried to get to his feet .
tr	I	I 'm stopping it , and I hated this feeling .
tr	I	She was sweating , but it was cold outside , yeah .
tr	I	It 's just physiological , a sexual reaction , but my body might respond to a gorgeous man .
tr	I	We both knew it and we shared something special .
tr	O	他的父亲在逃亡，并且每个人都清楚文森特·德马科的生命期限已经过了。
tr	I	I hated that even angry , his touch made my knees weak , and his hand touched my elbow .
tr	O	他在接下来的笑声中流露出了这些紧张，并且寂静舒适地弥漫在空气中。
tr	O	他很清楚这本书很危险，但是他必须给克林特看。
tr	O	她长长地呼出一口气，并且她肩上的紧绷感消失了一些。
tr	I	L.A. traffic was everything everyone had always said it would be , and it was a long , long drive .
tr	I	Her pulse quickened and her mouth dried .
tr	O	她脑中会有一个想法，但是要完整地把话说出来却需要努力。
tr	I	I heard a door shut and the nurse was apparently satisfied .
tr	I	A real New Yorker he would say , but Larry could be a real pain at times , not all the time .
tr	I	The sporadic nature of the shooting implied to me they were in small scattered groups , but the surviving rebels were putting up some kind of fight .
tr	I	He frowns and his smile falters a bit .
tr	I	They all waited expectantly and Bernhardt stopped the picture .
tr	I	Any information could be important , but I did not expect to hear much , since Blake had not bothered to post a guard outside the door .
tr	O	它转了个弯，并且我们登上了另一个楼梯。
tr	O	那紫藤花真是美丽的景象，并且我在每次拜访时都花了几个小时分析它。
tr	O	她扭动着臀部，并且他抱紧了她。
tr	I	Kylie was totally caught off guard when her thoughts went from kissing Derek to kissing Lucas , and socks leapt up on the mattress .
tr	I	The minute I found out Candace was carrying my baby I wanted the world to know , but I spent years avoiding getting a girl pregnant .
tr	O	泥巴可能不是我喜欢的东西，但是我这样做是为了受欢迎。
tr	O	这只是一个很小、几乎无辜的举动，但是他的自信压倒了我。
tr	O	他不确定他们是否听到了他，但是他非常确定他们能看到他。
tr	O	肯德尔试图争辩，但是卡特打断了他。
tr	O	他们现在已经见过他好几次了，但是莱恩仍然不信任马克。
tr	I	I had a hunch , but nothing had changed there .
tr	O	我的双腿仍然分开着，并且他仍然穿着整齐。
tr	I	Her mother stopped her , but she started to get up .
tr	I	This is the VERY first time he talked to me yet we 've been classmates since middle school .
tr	I	I threw my phone on the bed and we hung up .
tr	I	She still felt unsteady on her feet as she made her way through the ship , but the headache had eased somewhat .
tr	I	The only changes that seem to happen are the kind that makes things worse , but I do too .
tr	O	他带着不确定的眼神看着我，并且我回望着他。
tr	O	他惊讶地意识到外面光线正在变暗，然而没有人召唤他去饭厅。
tr	O	你必须花一整天时间去取一周的药，而且那时间最好花在别处。
tr	I	He sat down , and Jase walked to a secluded end of the park , where there were rows of empty park benches facing the river .
tr	I	Amy was curled up on the recliner , a book in her hand and Zac was stretched out across the length of the couch .
tr	I	She noticed that there was still that smug amusement on his face , but she couldn 't see his eyes because of the sunglasses that hid them .
tr	I	I felt like maybe Jason was right , but I wasn 't one hundred percent sure .
tr	O	原则上，科林同意这种姿态很荒谬，但是那些忽视不成文规定的人常常发现自己被对方智取。
tr	O	她看起来睡着了，但是她没有呼吸。
tr	O	遗憾的是，保留地可以合法使用佩约特，然而在保留地之外则会被视为非法。
tr	I	He was missing better than a quarter of them , and every photograph would have a specific purpose for his lecture .
tr	O	一股陈旧的、微温的水倒进他的嘴里，并且他感激地吞咽了下去。
tr	I	I don 't care about the agency and the agency doesn 't care about me .
tr	O	不久之后，她的卧室门又开了，并且她走了出去。
tr	I	She didn 't resist and he then pulled her in for a hug .
tr	O	我语无伦次，并且我的腿拒绝再向前走一步。
tr	I	The poor girl was seven months pregnant and Myra didn 't so much as squeak .
tr	I	He turns off the engine , but I open the car door .
tr	I	I always enjoy my time with you , and you are a delight , Miss Kincaid .
tr	O	没有人刊登过任何关于埃德温的负面消息，但是那只是因为他们不想惹恼新闻投诉委员会。
tr	O	她想，让他接触金库有点过分了，但是她必须尽快让他离开房间。
tr	O	继续演下去，或者你就是下一个。
tr	I	It was still hard to pinpoint a location , but the sounds of nearing footsteps were becoming evident .
tr	I	Her face was completely passive but she looked up at him .
tr	I	You will do almost anything to get it , and you want this story badly .
tr	I	He smirked as he shook his head and his hands rose up to his hips .
tr	I	Her eyes were too heavy , but she started to protest .
tr	O	最好确保她今晚就发现，并且她在她的黄纸垫上把“今晚”这个词画了下划线。
tr	I	Tears streamed endlessly down her cheeks and it was hard to talk when her smile was so big .
tr	I	I stood there wanting to hug him and the man was bitching me out .
tr	O	他什么也没说，并且我盯着书里的照片看，那是美丽生物捕食人类的图片。
tr	I	Now she finally saw them for what they were , and her parents had a huge hold over her decisions .
tr	O	她内心的不安和紧迫感越来越强烈，但是她感觉自己生平第一次有了家。
tr	O	她吃了一份沙拉，并且吃得毫无胃口。
tr	O	他觉得自己无能为力，并且就这样了。
tr	I	The footmen came to clear them , and the dessert plates were now empty .
tr	I	She considered the fact that he 'd burdened Grace with this loan unforgivable but her opinion of Grace 's dead husband had never been high .
tr	O	他眼睛一直盯着屏幕，但是他的嘴角悄悄上扬了。
tr	O	莫迪凯这边，他也有他的门徒愿景，并且我与他渴望创造出的形象相符。
tr	I	He gave a low chuckle as he did , and suddenly Jimmy Field appeared at Patrick 's side .
tr	O	他前一天抵达后不久就回房间休息了，而且她就没怎么见过他。
tr	I	There were ink pots all over the place , and there were displays of different kinds of quills .
tr	O	他们又一次出来了，但是当他们这次出来时，有四辆车出动了。
tr	O	他会强迫她停下来，而且她觉得现在她不敢停。
tr	O	警察告诉我那是一场意外死亡，但是事实并非如此。
tr	O	高大的灌木丛生长在通往藏身之处的小路两旁，并且这个地方除了组织内部的人，没有其他人知道。
tr	O	我才认识诺亚一个星期，但是我 F-我已经像爱兄弟一样爱他了。
tr	I	The creature stood firm , raising one paw as if to fend Reuben off , a weak defensive gesture , but again , Reuben advanced .
tr	O	他故意冷落我，而且我很讨厌这样。
tr	O	我筑起一道又一道墙来阻止他，但是他却像我用尘土堆砌的一样，轻易地冲破了它们。
tr	O	他从门另一半的地上拉起一根锁杆，并且它伴随着一声呻吟打开了。
tr	I	Women today needed to learn their place , and they must be brought low .
tr	O	它实际上非常好，但是它尝起来像姜汁汽水！
tr	I	He disappeared into the night and I handed him the gun .
tr	O	我在我离开之前就应该和你进行这次对话，但是说实话，我是一个懦夫。
tr	I	She 'd never flinched , never once made a mistake and eight years of her life had been spent in torture .
tr	I	That was a hell of a lot scarier than Miranda , no matter how crazy she might be , and they were all holding knives .
tr	O	她像他记忆中一样美丽，并且即使他上次见到她才三天，却感觉像一个永恒。
tr	I	Her private disdain was a little easier to bear and she was pretty good at hiding her disapproval in public .
tr	O	这不是一个很有用的线索，但是是她拥有的唯一一个。
tr	O	他不再是二十一岁了，并且生活也不再围绕着性打转，无论性爱多么美好。
tr	O	一股想咯咯傻笑的疯狂冲动涌上我心头，但是我设法将其抑制成一个微笑。
tr	I	They did what we do and they instinctively felt a threat approaching .
tr	I	Now they left our cage alone , but the soldiers kept searching the camp .
tr	I	She scowled and her eyes alighted on the plants around us .
tr	O	我以为是她，但是我认为不是。
tr	I	Her baked goods were out of this world , but maybe Gran 's coffee wasn 't anything special .
tr	O	它们像手术刀一样划破空气，并且我们对每一个字都全神贯注。
tr	O	他不确定是什么，但是他会尝试的。
tr	O	我没有问，因为那一刻很神奇，而且那根本就不是该说的话。
tr	I	Moments later the bell rang , and Coach Morris struggled with Weston all the way out of the classroom .
tr	O	南方龙是由火焰构成的，并且它们的鳞片是额外的保护。
tr	O	我父亲的手机收到一条短信，并且我听到他把它从口袋里掏出来。
tr	I	Her attention has already turned back to Reagan , but I open my mouth to thank her .
tr	O	他带回家的包还在他的地板上，但是却没有他的踪影。
tr	O	也许它被某种方式编码了，并且那就是她无法通过扫描找到它的原因。
tr	O	她的皮肤是灼热的缎子，她的身体，是鲜活的丝绸，并且他想了解她的每一寸。
tr	O	起初，我对平板电脑有点手足无措，但是后来我发现它很像使用电脑。
tr	O	他扼住了世界的咽喉，并且我们对此无能为力。
tr	O	他当然没有准备放弃，并且他也不认为蕾切尔想那样。
tr	O	她差点冲进去安慰他，但是她想起了她在厨房里拥抱他时，他是如何僵住的。
tr	O	我记不起来了，但是刮胡子已经太晚了。
tr	I	You 're wrong , but I know you both must think that this is especially hard for me .
tr	I	I knew what monster lurked just beneath the surface , but her delicate , childlike features were clear of boils .
tr	O	特里斯坦越界了，并且我为此指责了他。
tr	I	My junior year seemed endless , yet so far I 'd made it through almost three years of high school .
tr	O	我摇晃他，但是他却不省人事。
tr	O	安妮松了口气，并且稍微转过头，她看到他坐在她身边的床上。
tr	I	People began to arrive , and the doors swung open .
tr	I	It made his own heart ache for her , and he could sense a deep sadness inside her .
tr	I	Panic started to take me , and her image started to swim .
tr	O	我们俩都不选大冒险，但是我们总是问。
tr	I	She probably would 've gotten them in an accident , but she 'd wanted to offer her own driving services .
tr	I	I wasn 't feeling it , but I generally dressed up more for class .
tr	I	It was enough to send a chill down Ryan 's spine , but the stranger chuckled ever so slightly at the question .
tr	I	You have been asked to take care of me and it arouses your maternal instincts .
tr	O	我的手握成拳头，并且我举起来给他看我对他的不受欢迎的企图的彻底厌恶。
tr	I	He turned it effortlessly and the key slid in .
tr	I	His expression would have made Brady laugh aloud if he hadn 't felt numb and his eyes were wide .
tr	I	Other than the patrolling Guards , I hadn 't seen a student yet , but the University really was its own city .
tr	I	It tasted so good I hadn 't slowed down , but I hadn 't meant to drink it so fast .
tr	I	She had kind of imagined her parents as always being together , but it was ridiculous .
tr	O	一声从我们房子之间传来的叫喊，并且他的手臂像锚一样垂下。
tr	I	Julian didn 't acknowledge it , but a ripple of applause spread across the huge lawn .
tr	I	She undid my pants and I lifted her skirt .
tr	I	Here we are , ready to prove ourselves right , and we shared kisses that afternoon that testified that we would make it someday .
tr	O	她一直等到卡莉丝塔回到自己的房间，并且又多等了一会儿以防她还没睡着。
tr	O	制造业是我们的过去，并且是我们的未来。
tr	O	她总是看起来很美，但是今晚她看起来惊艳极了。
tr	I	She suspected there was a note of seriousness underscoring the words as well , but the statement was made in a jesting tone .
tr	O	他把袋子递给我，并且我把钱给了他。
tr	O	他大声说出了这最后部分，并且我看向了她。
tr	O	我看着他睡觉，心想他很像一只拴在水沟里睡觉的狗，并且我下了床。
tr	O	伊萨卡风太大，无法尝试同样的事情，它的屋顶也太容易暴露在暴风雨中，但是他不得不喜欢这种独创性。
tr	I	The rest of him didn 't give a shit , but part of him knew tricking her was wrong .
tr	I	Now you 're up giving me shit , but just a few minutes ago you were flopping on the bathroom floor .
tr	O	空间确实很小，但是那是个好地方。
tr	I	He saw the dead man squashed on the road and he did not need an answer as they continued back .
tr	I	I caught the punch in the side of my cheek and unfortunately my face ended up where Sean 's had been .
tr	I	The birds began to sing , and the sky was beginning to show light in the east .
tr	O	很多人都死了，而且有些人声称获得了奇怪的力量，而另一些人则声称有精神幻觉。
tr	I	The lights are on at the front of the house , and it 's dark outside .
tr	I	Yet this family was together just because , and it was no particular holiday .
tr	O	他从未经历过这样的事情，然而它不知何故却感觉很熟悉。
tr	I	The tangles it left behind did not , but Jack washing my hair had felt spectacular .
tr	O	萨姆身上有许多她喜爱的地方，但是有一些事情她无法忍受。
tr	O	她的下巴掉了下来，并且她的心沉了下去。
tr	I	Eventually I could see inside the walls , but it took a few minutes of concentration .
tr	I	He wanted to go on kissing her , her mouth hot , but Jace released her from the kiss .
tr	O	与范恩的对话总是非常正式且事务性的。
tr	I	She had already rejoined her group but I called out to her .
tr	O	她曾如此接近一条线索，并且她失去了它！
tr	O	离德克兰和小肯尼救我，已经过去五天了。
tr	O	那给了我六个小时，并且时间越是推移，我的状态就会越好。
tr	I	It was dangerous , and this was real .
tr	O	我有二十五年没有高级恶魔情人了，并且直到我们接触的那一刻我才想起来。
tr	O	他不确定它们是否真的被认为是僵尸，但是它们绝对是恐怖电影里的东西。
tr	O	太阳升起来了，并且我继续开车。
tr	O	丝克示意标枪到一边，并且他们两人简短地交谈了一下。
tr	O	她拿出几枚弯曲的回形针，并且我扬了扬眉毛。
tr	I	My mind shoots into overdrive and I can feel the heat .
tr	I	I 'm flung against the door , and the cage gripes , slanting forward .
tr	I	I can tell by the way they avoid my gaze that this is true , but the boys laugh at him .
tr	O	这是一个缓慢的过程，但是货物正在二十个州之间运输，以保证人们的基本供给。
tr	O	邦布尔喷洒了一些空气清新剂，并且黑暗消散了。
tr	I	He also said that he wouldn 't hurt me and he said that he doesn 't feed on humans .
tr	O	比利睡着了，并且我回到那里去看看能否找到东西给他盖上。
tr	O	当然，她给我们布置了任务，但是一旦大家交完书，他们就开始聊天了。
tr	O	闪光灯捕捉了我日常生活的每一个瞬间，并且我从未停下来思考被抛入这个世界会是怎样。
tr	I	I was already getting more life from him than I 'd expected , and we 'd only just started .
tr	O	从未有人报告过有同样的反应，并且丽莎坚信设备本身正在使体验尽可能不适。
tr	I	That 's where Jeff had found the cannonball and they had gone diving in the little inlet .
tr	O	我想相信一切都会好起来，但是当一切都持续出错时，这很难。
tr	I	I supposed that was the intension , and he affected an innocent look that made me furious .
tr	I	I head down stairs and something occurs to me .
tr	I	Princess shifted restlessly when I sat in the saddle , and I did what he said .
tr	I	He was not very skilled , and his name was Henrique .
tr	O	我们必须轮流做你的任务，但是这只是植物学（不是真正的科学），所以这很容易。
tr	I	He didn 't move until she 'd driven away and he stepped back as she got in her car .
tr	I	In time she sat up but her lips defiantly pressed his .
tr	I	He still had a touch of the Hale arrogance , but he might have insecurities at times .
tr	O	他的孙子露出了牙齿，并且这只让亚伯拉罕更难受。
tr	O	我非常享受我们在一起的时光，并且我很遗憾它结束得太早了。
tr	O	这会花一些时间，并且我就不必太费力思考了。
tr	O	书房门开着，并且灯亮着。
tr	I	She slips her hand from mine and her expression falls .
tr	O	它包含一张遣散费支票，并且一封简短的信，大意是告诉他他被解雇了。
tr	I	Grant had sworn all that was behind him , but there had been other women in the past .
tr	I	Else this would have been for naught or I couldn 't afford her being spooked .
tr	I	He 'd take it , but Sunday seemed way too far away .
tr	I	He thought she might cry and her voice caught for a second .
tr	O	她根本不在乎我，而且我必须每天都带着这个事实生活。
tr	I	I have to , but I 'm gambling , a bigger gamble than any I 've ever taken .
tr	I	I was on him , but he tried to kick .
tr	I	She didn 't seem afraid , but Hazel jogged to the vestibule .
tr	O	他们的营员来自街头，并且他们会回到街头。
tr	I	I try to force it into Wes , which results in a turnover , but I know I 'm supposed to shoot the ball .
tr	I	Ryan Hendricks had a big one and most actors have an entourage .
tr	I	His mouth was dry but Jared started to reply .
tr	O	我不想暴露我们对此一无所知，但是 我却很难为罗宾找到答案。
tr	I	Frankly , we all have our hands full here , and I have no idea where to look for her .
tr	I	She sensed him searching for a way to explain and he didn 't respond immediately .
tr	O	萨迪开始吠叫，并且 我让她安静下来。
tr	O	我的手指在寒冷中变得麻木，并且 我把手塞进了口袋。
tr	O	我听到其中一个男人吹口哨，并且 她的头抬了起来，看到了我。
tr	I	It gave them enough time to get out , but she merely stunned it .
tr	O	我在文森特那里时就有了怀疑，而且 我已经被证明是对的。
tr	O	我们每个人都承受着自己的重担，并且 那些是我们直到死去才会卸下的石头。
tr	O	我的手指抓到了可以撕裂的肉，并且 有力的大手紧紧抓住了我的手腕。
tr	I	They seem to be able to forge material objects if they know the molecular structure , but I have no idea how they do it .
tr	O	泰迪可能很固执，但是 他也很慷慨。
tr	I	Her mouth dropped open as she watched him and the heat in his eyes was shocking .
tr	O	她的腿很酸痛，但是它们随着奔波变得更强壮了。
tr	O	结果总是双方都有许多人被杀，并且十有八九问题都没有解决。
tr	O	遗憾的是，我确实预约了，但是放弃一个孩子的想法对我来说实在太难以承受了。
tr	I	I glanced towards them , horrified at the group of photographers clicking away and bright camera flashes suddenly burned my eyeballs .
tr	I	Something told me Patch had been making the best of risky decisions his entire existence , but it wasn 't the best position to be in .
tr	I	None of them wanted me around and she had a different boyfriend every month .
tr	O	我的阴道已经非常湿滑了，并且光滑的橡胶很容易就滑了进去。
tr	I	He knew they were out there , but he saw no signs of demons .
tr	O	他们进来了，并且他们的领队对我讲话了。
tr	I	It gets in the way , and it attracts too much attention .
tr	I	Thinking back it 's hard to decipher what I was truly feeling and my head was in too weird a place at the time .
tr	O	佩特尔阿姨会对他很失望，但是他想爷爷可能会受到鼓励。
tr	O	好吧，所以它不是一个传说，并且它也不是一个童话。
tr	O	她迅速擦去了，并且然后马车停了下来。
tr	O	它看起来像浑浊的水，并且尝起来像松节油。
tr	O	正义已经得到伸张，尽管是以一种原始的方式，并且他在克洛伊眼里肯定没有损害自己的形象。
tr	I	He 'd seen much friendlier ones too , but Durr Cable had seen worse juries .
tr	O	她挣扎着拽自己的手臂，但是他不肯放开她。
tr	O	胖查理告诉她，他会告诉格雷厄姆·科茨她的银行经理有点担心，并且他放下了电话。
tr	O	帕里斯似乎早有准备，但是当布奇打断时，他们都沉默了。
tr	O	莎拉的心怦怦直跳，并且她的手心开始出汗。
tr	O	门铃响了，并且伊丽莎白站起来查看听筒。
tr	I	He was sure of what was in his past , but the rest of his life might be a mess .
tr	I	It was quiet inside , but the door was open .
tr	O	杰伊稳住我时轻笑，但是我却忘了我哥哥的存在。
tr	I	She suspected that her green eyes mirrored her inner terror but she tried to hide her anxiety in front of Jim .
tr	O	我应该写我的名字，但是，我不知道我的名字是什么。
tr	I	I know you love Mandy , and I love you so much .
tr	I	He would accept without protest , and the Deity would penalize him , of course .
tr	I	His hard-on responded , but she might not realize she was rubbing against him .
tr	O	他睁开眼睛，并且，影子不见了。
tr	O	更多的枪声射入房间，并且，我感觉到计划正在瓦解。
tr	I	Her eyes were good-humored but her voice was hard .
tr	O	查尔斯顿被称为圣城，而且，当你开车四处转转时，它如何获得这个绰号就显而易见了。
tr	O	他仍然有一把枪，并且，他有一辆接应车。
tr	O	我们希望将来不必再次协助您，但是，请在需要转介时考虑我们。
tr	I	Masons bought up porphyry just as eagerly , and Farmers were buying grain for winter planting before prices rose .
tr	O	我是不可知论者，并且，你疯了。
tr	O	他手掌的温暖令人舒缓，然而，它却给我脊柱带来一阵令人不安的电击。
tr	O	艾瑞丝轻柔的声音将我猛地拉回现实，并且我转向了她。
tr	I	She doubted she 'd like it if she knew , but Jackie wasn 't sure what they were up to .
tr	I	I didn 't know what it was , but it felt like I did something wrong .
tr	I	I can get you home to your family , and if you need help , stick with me .
tr	O	梅肯心地善良，但是他常常把事情做得太过火。
tr	O	米哈伊尔的一个兄弟转过身，并且当正义找上他时，他像其他任何吸血鬼一样，试图摧毁一切。
tr	O	埃米特的笑声立刻停止了，并且他用审视的目光打量着我。
tr	I	Eric gave him an answering growl , and Graham growled low in his throat .
tr	O	她需要一个人，并且她已经逃到他身边。
tr	O	普鲁登斯不在这里，并且他内心正在煎熬。
tr	I	She saw a green Honda a short distance away and he pointed .
tr	O	他的眼睛闪了一下，随即他移开了视线，并且我意识到他更多的是感到尴尬。
tr	I	It hurt all the same but his words invoking a memory that made my stomach pitch in a way that wasn 't sickening .
tr	O	她不知道，但是她对此表示怀疑。
tr	O	男孩们就是男孩们，并且四个男孩对一个牧场来说太多了。
tr	O	我知道你累了，但是今晚发生了别的事情。
tr	I	Then he lifted his hand , but she wanted to refuse him .
tr	O	我知道这很痛，并且我觉得你已经非常勇敢了。
tr	I	You deserve a supper for the story all the same , but you may be making it all up , of course .
tr	O	侧面的那些是一回事，但是正面的空白页让我牙疼。
tr	I	She also liked not living in the same town but she loved her family .
tr	I	She was already feeling smothered by his presence , but Arik started to offer to go with her .
tr	I	It was too late , but White light suffused my hand as I snapped a current toward the front seat .
tr	O	房间里安静了下来，并且每个人都试图寻找别的地方看。
tr	I	After a hesitation , Sam did pick those up , and her gaze slid to the keys next to it .
tr	O	斯蒂芬看了他一眼，并且哈维尔同情地对我畏缩了一下。
tr	I	There was no way Saber could confirm a connection to Whitney and she wasn 't enhanced .
tr	I	The flirty Jess was back , and a small smile touched her lips .
tr	O	亚当对奥特姆露出了他迷人的微笑，并且她瞥见了船上那个爱开玩笑的男人。
tr	I	He stops me with a firm finger on my chin , but I start to turn my head away .
tr	I	The two of them run the store now and he asked Amy to marry him .
tr	O	伊丽莎白没有喝醉，但是其余的毒理学报告要晚些时候才能出来。
tr	I	Something was missing , but I 'd found the peace I longed for .
tr	O	她把大学看得如此该死地重要，并且他想要她的爱，如同他需要米娅一样多。
tr	O	他的腿软了，并且我踩过他时朝他头部开了两枪。
tr	O	她被堵住嘴，并且她的双手被牢牢绑在身后，她什么也做不了。
tr	O	她本想起来，但是她却似乎动不了。
tr	O	宙斯扬了扬眉，并且他鞠了一躬。
tr	I	Everything went white and he threw the ball of light at us .
tr	I	We walked down the hallway at a slower pace than everyone around us , and Jack fell into step beside me .
tr	I	My back is tight , and my legs are achy .
tr	I	I 'll call her mom and give me Sierra 's number .
tr	I	I didn 't have to make it easy on him , but if he wanted to ignore the desire between us , I would let him .
tr	I	He threaded their fingers together , and Brady 's hand found hers .
tr	I	He was thin ... almost bony and he couldn 't have been more than five foot seven .
tr	O	一只手立刻伸向她的腰部，但是她又把手拿开了，去拥抱她臭名昭著的母亲。
tr	I	Then there 's utterly dumb , and girlfriend , there 's nice .
tr	O	屋子里没有声音传出，并且没有灯亮起。
tr	I	We both knew better , but she almost sounded convincing .
tr	O	我讨厌自己看它，但是我情不自禁。
tr	I	You certainly don 't want that and that gives them power over you .
tr	O	他经过塞雷娜，并且她从一只脚换到另一只脚，拒绝与他对视。
tr	I	I don 't want to move , and I 'm quite happy with where I am , doing what I 'm doing .
tr	O	她瞥了一眼他的脸，并且她的心跳漏了一拍。
tr	O	当莱安德·杰克换街道时，恐龙遇到了麻烦，但是最终四条腿终究会跑过两条腿。
tr	I	She didn 't want to think about that , but Christmas Day was another matter .
tr	I	Her look could have killed him , but he expected her to be relieved .
tr	O	那不是你所愿的，但是你的意志使其成为可能。
tr	I	I wanted to tell it to Lily , the girl I barely knew , and it was a funny story .
tr	O	我起身，但是格蕾丝抓住了我的手臂。
tr	I	The cool air lingers on my skin , and the soft wind pats against my face .
tr	O	戴克想走，但是基利安决定派他去执行某种任务。
tr	O	他打量着她，并且她无法知道他在想什么。
tr	I	She didn 't look too concerned with me , but her eyebrows were pulled together .
tr	I	Praying for aim , I propelled it , and I grabbed the stake she 'd thrown .
tr	I	We went inside so that he could use the bathroom and I found a fast-food place that was still open .
tr	I	The woman survived , but the daughter died .
tr	O	他从未对她说过话，并且她从未对他说话。
tr	I	He cried out in pain as the bones knitted back into shape and the shoulder began to glow .
tr	I	She came to my side , baring her fangs at them , and I beckoned to the wolf .
tr	I	The effort at self-protection came too late but she wrapped her arms around her waist .
tr	I	My friend tried to absorb her new reality without passing out , and we continued to dance .
tr	I	Then I 'd leave him , and yes , I 'd let him have a taste of me , of heaven .
tr	I	We turned to look at him and all of the other conversations stopped .
tr	O	那是她得不到的东西，并且那次搜寻耗尽了她的一切。
tr	O	他们当然聊起了他们在一起的时光，并且比尔博询问山脉之地的情况如何。
tr	O	我看着安妮塔，并且她点了点头。
tr	I	As the name implies , the guy was a real whacko , but I 'm sorry I don 't remember his last name .
tr	I	It led you to victory , and you had faith in yourself .
tr	I	We were all looking for something and we all had our own story .
tr	O	我必须让他知道我对此没意见，但是我也不知道该如何处置他。
tr	O	我本不想让它听起来这么有占有欲，但是它就是这样。
tr	I	Tiger would have something to say to them or the word had got around the school that no one was supposed to talk to her .
tr	O	拉斐尔迅速行动了，并且塞巴斯蒂安带走了本尼。
tr	O	实际的逃脱是不可能的，但是当我的目光最终落在我的笔记本电脑上时，我决定虚拟逃脱将不得不凑合。
tr	O	我不喜欢杀戮，但是我习惯了。
tr	O	我很细心，尽管如此，并且我自学了。
tr	O	我知道贾里德说不，但是文森特说他会去查。
tr	I	There was nothing I could grasp on to , but I had to have one .
tr	I	I kept my thoughts to myself and Lucky looked at me in earnest .
tr	I	She felt irrationally angry , and his words triggered a memory in the back of her mind .
tr	I	Then a calmness seemed to settle on her as she heard Betty , and she again drew a bead on the chest of the attacking soldier .
tr	O	我眼里有水，但是我不太在乎。
tr	I	We can be a real handful , and give one of us time to catch our breath .
tr	I	I think I hear footsteps rattling across the steel gangway that connects the cells , but it 's hard to tell over the increasing sounds of battle .
tr	O	士兵松开了手，并且雷玛挣脱了。
tr	I	She 'd been with the council before I 'd gotten there , but she seemed to be taking it better now .
tr	I	I thought I was going insane and I panicked the first few times .
tr	I	He moans as his hand slides up my spine , bare skin against bare skin and his hands feel every part of me .
tr	I	I was worried about myself , and I was worried about my sister .
tr	O	猴子在上方尖叫，并且安吉丽娜抬头看了一眼，只看到晃动的树枝。
tr	I	Ben failed to get the message , but Carl then proceeded to roll over .
tr	O	紧绷的带子勒住我的胸口，并且我的心跳得如此剧烈，我害怕它会爆炸。
tr	I	Shawn suggested they go home , and everyone was silent a moment .
tr	O	杰瑞向下看了一眼，并且我希望他真的感到了一点羞愧。
tr	O	这些女人不但缺乏常识，而且她们古怪得无法形容。
tr	O	首先是沙恩失控了，并且你说过你会打电话！
tr	I	I was fairly certain every beat made my bones shake , and it was buzzing in my chest .
tr	O	它能，但是这不会造成任何改变。
tr	I	I responded , but I knew I would regret it later .
tr	O	法警微微前倾，并且丹猜想安妮正在大方地分享她珍贵的薄荷糖。
tr	I	The fireworks had ended and the crowds were gone .
tr	I	The farmer struggled a bit and his fighters laughed .
tr	I	An idea came to him and he watched the battle raging .
tr	O	他试图用语言描述他昨天的感受，但是一如既往，这种坦诚很困难。
tr	I	It was entirely possible his windpipe had been crushed , and there were bruises on his throat that were already darkening .
tr	O	它曾经是一个由四道城门守护的城墙镇，并且许多古老的石砌建筑仍然经受住了时间的考验。
tr	I	Alicia wasn 't the kind of woman to leave without taking with her what she lusted for , and she had a way of doing that .
tr	I	Business in Middle Plantation came to a standstill and Shops closed .
tr	O	她没有睁开眼睛看他，然而他却感觉到她在自己体内，在最深处。
tr	O	我相信他的话，并且我却不知道为什么。
tr	O	租赁保险已经生效，并且新家具已经运到。
tr	I	Amber couldn 't read it , but something dark hovered over the man .
tr	O	维多利亚在家庭房里，并且她的眼睛因莱西的进入而惊讶地睁大了。
tr	I	It certainly looked compromising , but I didn 't know what they were doing .
tr	O	我怀疑我们是否真的能信任她，并且我怀疑她随身携带的那些机器究竟能做什么。
tr	I	I still couldn 't place it , but it sounded vaguely familiar .
tr	I	I couldn 't let it , but my back wanted to arch .
tr	O	男人们散开，并且其中一人将火焰掷向茅草屋顶。
tr	O	他冰凉的手指触碰着她温暖的发根，并且她感到一阵颤抖的兴奋。
tr	O	她的呼吸停住了，但是她却没有察觉。
tr	I	She saw she was right in assuming small photos could be placed inside , and it opened with a click .
tr	O	他脸上所有的玩味都消失了，并且他的眼睛饥渴地暗沉下来。
tr	I	Now he was expecting to sleep in her room , and she hadn 't even told anyone in her family about him ?
tr	I	White stubble textured his jaw , like a sprinkling of fresh snow and his graying hair had receded with age .
tr	O	他瞥见了她询问的眼神，并且他的脸因尴尬而发热。
tr	I	The kid just kept shaking his head but we found a couple stragglers out there .
tr	I	The smile didn 't quite reach his eyes but he smiled at both of them .
tr	O	漫长的几分钟过去了，并且她平静了下来。
tr	I	The jeep swung around , and Diego hit the brakes .
tr	O	第四章 穿梭面包车业务 这是一个周日下午，并且阿德尔刚刚结束了他的班次。
tr	O	该设计完全以黑色墨水描绘，并且米娅的名字在它上方书写着。
tr	I	He was just about ready to slide inside me , and I had my back to Max .
tr	I	It seemed to be going well and they met up a few times .
tr	O	一个拳头向他的头飞来，并且他只是弯了弯脖子。
tr	I	The blood will flow and I know they 're about to make a comment on the boys ' cute outfits .
tr	I	She began to softly cry , and her smile beamed her happiness .
tr	O	两人都把各自的护目镜向上拉到头盔上方，并且那个吻很尴尬。
tr	O	我曾希望你已经放下了这件事，但是现在很清楚你需要一个答案。
tr	I	Emma was clearly delighted by the farm animals , and the three of them were over by the barn looking at the pigs .
tr	O	你知道我在获取新闻报道时是无情的，但是有些事情我是绝不会做的。
tr	O	他现在是个已婚男人，并且这对商人来说相当重要。
tr	I	They hurried up the stairs and at last the door opened .
tr	O	太阳升起、休憩、照耀在他的脸上，并且他几乎笑了，几乎无法与我目光相对。
tr	I	He 'd been transformed by him , and he 'd sought out the vampire .
tr	I	Every time it was another punch in the gut , and she read his note a half-a-dozen times by then .
tr	I	Every stride moved him further from the immanent blast , but it was as if he were stuck in molasses .
tr	O	迷失了...，并且找到了。
tr	O	妈妈会杀了我的，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	The trip to the store had taken longer than expected , but she was supposed to meet Ox at one of the many campsites .
tr	O	他能看出她努力让言语温柔，但是他无法相信她会这么快拒绝他。
tr	I	That was a gift I gladly took , but we were given just one night away .
tr	O	茉莉回来了，并且他们三个人轻松地谈论着许多话题，享受着他们的晚餐。
tr	O	也许我对诺亚没有改变，但是我确实改变了。
tr	I	If I saw him without her during that time , I would arrest him again , and I told Stella I was releasing him into her custody .
tr	O	这让她很难接受，而且我告诉她的时候也感到很难受。
tr	I	I want to spend time with you too , but yes , I 'm spending time with him .
tr	I	It was perfunctory but Rome kissed him .
tr	I	Maybe it was just the tiredness , but he wasn 't usually so abrupt .
tr	O	很快云朵可能会再次遮住光芒，但是对你来说，这并不会变得更难。
tr	O	她开始沿着我的身体滑落，直到她双脚着地，但是我弯腰再次把她抱起来。
tr	I	The guards would see his signal and hoping the lightning flashes would stop .
tr	I	There was nothing to be done about it , but he had known going in that this phone call wouldn 't go well .
tr	I	Owen tightened his grip on my hand , and I grimaced again .
tr	O	午餐时间哨声响了，并且她去寻找杰夫。
tr	I	I didn 't want to just leave you behind , but I 've been thinking about asking her about getting our own place .
tr	O	那没什么不对，但是 T我希望他能更多地考虑我的感受。
tr	I	It isn 't the same as being with him , but I 've gone out with a couple of other guys during this trip .
tr	I	Her lights were on and he waited again until she was safely inside .
tr	O	噪音刚开始就突然停止了，并且碎屑在细尘云中沉降下来。
tr	O	这听起来像一个非常愚蠢的解释，但是我想不出更好的了。
tr	I	The closer his hand got to her , the less her arm hurt , but maybe it had been her imagination .
tr	O	为了弄清楚他是怎么回事，但是艾薇儿却希望我离得远远的。
tr	O	他不知道那是什么，但是某种感觉告诉他，他需要记住这个男人的脸。
tr	I	Shorty opened up the store and Abe walked him to his car .
tr	O	我喜欢这样在他上面，并且从他的表情来看，他也喜欢。
tr	O	我想我可以把我的疲劳归咎于中枪，但是我想我只是老了。
tr	I	Jack dropped with me , holding me , and I dropped to my knees .
tr	I	He had to admit to himself that she had a point and it was a spirited side of Paula he hadn 't seen .
tr	I	I was in danger of being stepped on , and seven horses were crammed into a trailer designed for six .
tr	O	这里曾进行商业活动，但是庆祝活动对我们进入的这个房间也绝不陌生。
tr	O	戴没有动，但是她能感觉到他很警觉，随时准备应对一切。
tr	O	他的声音有点太大，那是强颜欢笑的尝试，并且这肯定吓到了一个以为自己独处的人。
tr	O	她刚发现她父亲不恨她，并且现在她必须把他交给一个新的妹妹。
tr	I	My eyes snapped back to Salina , but a pity the lawyer had gotten away .
tr	O	他糟糕的财务状况对上流社会来说仍然是个秘密，并且他打算一直保守这个秘密。
tr	I	No magic gathers but she tries again to pull her will together .
tr	I	I assumed they weren 't used to being talked to like this and they were glaring now .
tr	O	富兰克林和他在一起，并且他们都拥抱了我。
tr	O	他们身上覆盖着华丽的金色盔甲，并且所有人都佩戴着巨大的剑，他们走在沉睡的人群中，轻轻地唤醒着他们。
tr	O	我们被告知直接去诊所，并且那里不难找。
tr	O	我抬起头，与他目光相遇，并且我看到了他眼中的真相。
tr	I	Something in her refrained , but her first reaction was to tell him to stuff it .
tr	I	I can 't swallow it down and there 's a snake in my throat .
tr	I	Rene rushed to protect his youngest , but Lissa tried to gather us up as quickly as she could .
tr	O	她是我的妹妹，而且艾莉真的很喜欢她。
tr	O	我以为他要哭了，而且我自己也快哭了。
tr	I	The boy was not paying attention , his interest having been captured by something across the room , but the father reached for a second .
tr	O	我不知道事情和丽芙会如何发展，但是我清楚地知道事情不会和我的秘书有发展。
tr	I	It did give the entire room an added elegance , but the gold paint had flaked off in places .
tr	I	Thalia nodded , and he asked .
tr	O	他的目光聚焦在她那丰润、淡粉色的双唇上，并且他希望她正在吸吮别的东西。
tr	O	她从一开始就察觉到他身上的危险，但是不知为何他让那些担忧从她脑海中消失了。
tr	I	Ms. Terwilliger held up her hands to cast , and the ooze moved toward the tent again .
tr	I	I 'm not crazy , but I know what you 're thinking .
tr	O	这雨更像是一场倾盆大雨，但是他却丝毫不受影响。
tr	I	His wife , behind the screen again , goes on and he falls silent .
tr	I	We didn 't answer him , but Ricky was still talking .
tr	O	这记忆让她再次怒火中烧，但是她努力不瞪他。
tr	I	No one liked me , and it was the first day of school .
tr	I	He graciously dropped the charges to all those who paid a hefty fine for their complicity , but the sanctions could be severe .
tr	O	康妮快步走到墙边，并且灯亮了起来。
tr	O	鉴于他们互相投来的尊敬目光，那无疑是真的，但是雅各布警探显然还没有对我做出判断。
tr	O	我想到他总是多么的沉着冷静，他在任何时候都保持着多么的平静和自控。
tr	I	She climbed up into the seat and Caroline looked at him in surprise as he opened the door .
tr	I	They continued growling menacingly , but the wolves quit howling .
tr	O	她推了我的胸口，但是那对我没有造成任何影响。
tr	I	She didn 't want that , but it was a sweet lie .
tr	O	我们又走过了一个街区，并且警笛响了起来。
tr	O	实际上，我确信我已经走出了那一步，但是我仍然没准备好对你开口。
tr	I	I 've lost any trace of my appetite , but our food has yet to arrive .
tr	I	One of muscular pillar men was blown up in a fantastic explosion , sending shards flying in all directions , and Duncan snapped his fingers .
tr	O	他的黑发剪得很短，并且一撮长长的、编织的山羊胡从他下巴垂下。
tr	I	The answers I owe you aren 't mine to give , but you have questions .
tr	I	Unsure of what to do , but I squinted my eyes , wanting to shut them .
tr	I	There was no real love there and my siblings never really kept in touch .
tr	O	阿里在六年级后就觉得滑雪橇很逊，不过，并且艾米丽也从未找到过其他愿意和她一起去的人。
tr	I	I search for a source of his injury , and my first thought is that Realm is hurt .
tr	O	周围没有池塘，但是有许多不同种类的洋流流经地球所在之处。
tr	I	None were familiar , but as I got closer I scanned faces out of a growing habit .
tr	O	我们曾考虑过使用沙林毒气，但是这种气体在隧道内是不可能被控制的。
tr	I	She was surely thinking about it , but Samantha knew her daughter wasn 't stupid enough to attack her .
tr	I	They tried their best to make sure no one heard them , and I couldn 't understand a word .
tr	I	I hadn 't noticed and the sun had set .
tr	O	当她好转时，就更难控制她了，但是所有人都认为这是个好迹象，所以这是个可以接受的小代价。
tr	O	我感到一股辛辣的热流涌过全身，并且我开始对她说话。
tr	I	I tucked the phone back into my purse , and the waitress arrived with our food just then .
tr	I	I leaned over the railing slightly , and he walked back inside .
tr	O	我倒吸一口气，并且她微微一笑。
tr	I	There were few empty tables , and the dance floor was packed .
tr	I	I couldn 't hide my joy at the sight of his darkened eyes , but I tried to sound disturbed .
tr	I	It brought back a rush of memories and we had gone there regularly when we were dating .
tr	O	现在一切都很完美，而且演出还有好几个月。
tr	I	There 's always a thin sheen of it on your body even after you 've showered , and it gets in your nose , your eyes .
tr	I	The thing would have been too much risky , but we had also thought about a beautiful hammered in head .
tr	O	他理应得到比我给他的好得多的东西，而且在那一刻，我只希望他能找到它。
tr	O	他花了二十分钟才到达环路，但是他没有在那里停下来。
tr	I	It was snoring gently and its wings were spread out to catch the maximum warmth .
tr	I	Now , I failed at being a witch , and I failed at acting .
tr	I	One in particular comes towards me and all the Grays leave me .
tr	I	It was all he could do , but sometimes that wasn 't enough .
tr	O	他反正不需要那个，并且他越早与他们拉开距离，他就会越开心。
tr	I	The next turn in the conversation ended any sense of mirth , but the thought nearly made him laugh .
tr	O	库姆斯先生猛地回头，并且一瞬间我怀疑自己是否要被赶出去了。
tr	O	他试图在它们背后找到一些隐藏的秘密，但是每次他这样做，他都以为自己可能会心脏病发作。
tr	O	他说着最后那句话时，目光从一张脸转向另一张脸，但是毫无疑问她是谁。
tr	I	I followed and she turned .
tr	O	侧窗爆炸时，汤姆尖叫起来，并且门把手扎进了他的侧腹。
tr	I	He did not let on , but he felt a bit shaky .
tr	O	我很久没有去过那栋楼了，并且我现在是一个不同的人了。
tr	I	She looks so sorry , and her face gets soft .
tr	I	He lunged at me and his hand burst into flames .
tr	I	None of the unmarried men of their village had courted her either and there had been no brothers to undertake this duty for his father .
tr	O	她继母带着同样呆滞的表情瘫坐在床上，并且椅子上，亚历克斯睡着了。
tr	O	那是周二下午两点半，商场的冷清时段，并且没有其他顾客经过我们。
tr	O	那东西是为了接住高飞的足球而装设的，并且在刮风的日子里它会像女妖一样尖叫。
tr	I	The food was on the table and she looked up to see that the places had been set .
tr	O	我可以告诉她，或者我可以对她采取不合作态度。
tr	O	在我来得及回应之前，他向我扔了一根木棍，并且它砸在了草地上。
tr	I	She dropped the weapon and the safety of her gun clicked into place .
tr	I	She shoves him , and jj punches Jordan in the shoulder .
tr	I	Some of the misery seemed to drain from her face , and after two more puffs Edith 's hands stopped shaking .
tr	O	他游到悬崖边，并且把她扛在肩上。
tr	O	他以前从未到过这里，但是他能看出她住在这里。
tr	O	我来西雅图是为了面试一份工作，并且今天下午我得知我得到了这份工作。
tr	I	I don 't feel the connection to them that I feel to Natasha , but people say hi to me .
tr	O	有一天晚上我在想你，并且我查了你厨房的网站。
tr	I	I have to leave town immediately but I can 't explain right now .
tr	O	把我们逼得太紧，并且我们就会变成怪物。
tr	O	我心中暗笑了一声，并且她向后靠去，悲伤地对我笑。
tr	I	They who were locked up in his hall knew his nights but he slid around like a stone face on the day .
tr	O	你可以让自己摆脱这个陷阱，并且一切都会回到过去的样子。
tr	O	盒子里有一袋泥土，并且他用它依次装满每个盘子。
tr	O	当朱利安倒下时，整个大厅变得安静，并且所有人都后退。
tr	O	他笑了，但是我只是盯着他看。
tr	O	鲜血洒落在地上，但是罗伯茨似乎没有注意到。
tr	O	莉莉凑近加比耳语了几句，并且加比点了点头。
tr	O	这远非理想，但是她已决定接受她所能得到的一切。
tr	O	我们把两辆车都开回了Vista Azul，并且我很高兴看到我的时机很完美。
tr	O	她的手枪在她手中轻微地一颤，但是子弹击中了袭击者的脚。
tr	I	I knew better than to daydream while walking through this hazard , and my usual hunt for mushrooms had been stymied by the dense , natural carpet .
tr	O	那群文员散开了，并且三人急忙走向马车。
tr	O	兰道夫并不特别喜欢他们出售的任何糕点，但是他确实喜欢把它们堆在托盘上。
tr	I	She stays in his on weekends , and he stays in her dorm on weekdays .
tr	I	The other had damaged a tree without reporting it and it turned out that two detainees had committed theft .
tr	O	外面的黄昏已经变成了黑暗，并且那个肩上扛着温彻斯特步枪的男人停了下来，让眼睛适应黑暗。
tr	O	这很恶心，但是至少她不再对伊森说那些带刺的话了。
tr	O	声音又高又尖，并且从我们身后传来。
tr	O	门铃响了，并且艾莉吃惊地从手中的电话上抬起头来。
tr	I	He can 't pull them free to see what 's happening with Don , who isn 't making any noise and Bill 's legs are pinned .
tr	I	I 'm thinking them over and you have all those images in your head .
tr	O	我的心跳保持着快速，并且我紧紧地抱住他，我的脸因威尔沉重的呼吸而扭曲着。
tr	O	你担心阿莱格拉想得不够多，并且你担心阿米莉亚想得太多。
tr	I	It was out there for him and Shane deserved so much better .
tr	O	伊芙，这些年家族的钱已经所剩无几了，并且我们需要一些方法来赚钱。
tr	O	我睡过其他女人，并且我想着你。
tr	O	我会站在这阳台的某个地方，并且你会找到我，如果你能闻到我的气味的话。
tr	I	I don 't speak your language , and my skin is darker than yours .
tr	O	我会为他的律师费买单，并且我们会起诉你骚扰。
tr	O	我又看了她一眼，并且她解释了。
tr	O	我会让她去做，但是她只会穿着脏衣服到处走。
tr	I	I stepped out of it and the elevator 's door opened .
tr	I	Maggie 's van wasn 't sitting in front of Amber 's house and that anxiety compounded when I turned on Blake 's street .
tr	O	他可能并非完全在模仿阿德里安，但是无论基辅在做什么，它都奏效了。
tr	O	数百万人的财务被毁，然而一无所获。
tr	I	She smiled , and it was Jeff .
tr	I	He continued a step before turning , his blue-gray eyes wide in alarm , and I jerked to a stop .
tr	I	He 'd known it was good-bye , and she 'd looked a little sad .
tr	I	I recognized the outline of AJ and I focused my vision !
tr	O	她前段时间生了孩子，并且我才意识到我从未送过花。
tr	I	She felt a sense of dread in her stomach , and Ellie was getting out as the police officer approached .
tr	I	In so many ways , she was her father 's daughter , but she might look like Sophie .
tr	I	Boxes were strewn everywhere , and they 'd been packing for hours .
tr	O	应急灯熄灭了，并且我被黑暗笼罩。
tr	I	Her flush had deepened , and Desire was warm in her eyes .
tr	I	A murmur swept the chamber when she stepped onto the thick root of kelp , and Crista felt herself pulled to the edge of the pool .
tr	I	The light brown color reminded her of the sand after it had been washed over by a wave and his hair was short .
tr	O	一束蓝色光芒击中了这只巨型昆虫，并且它撞进了燃烧建筑的窗户。
tr	I	I heard him laughing behind me and I mumbled under my breath as I walked into the bathroom .
tr	I	He couldn 't hear me over the crowd , but I growled .
tr	I	She didn 't love him and she couldn 't meet him .
tr	I	Her relief was obvious and she seemed to believe this .
tr	O	这个想法在那一刻极具吸引力，但是他有其他无法摆脱的优先事项。
tr	O	他们也想把迪恩的谋杀案栽赃给我，但是这个案子永远不会开庭审理。
tr	O	她可能潜意识里避免了对她的颈动脉造成超出擦伤的伤害，但是如果是那样，那也完全是潜意识行为。
tr	I	She 'd never been admitted via the emergency room , but she 'd been to the clinic for many , many tests .
tr	I	She hated feeling like a prisoner in Dylan 's bedroom , but it sounded like they were getting ready .
tr	I	He carried the body of Mia and the third one was an older male .
tr	O	我向她迈出一步，并且唐姆的两个人挡住了我的路。
tr	O	佛性存在于九界之中，并且九界存在于佛性之中。
tr	O	她试图把手抽回来，但是他紧紧地抓着，拇指压在她的皮肤上。
tr	O	细长的树枝贯穿了树的高度，并且他开始在罩袍的重量下攀爬。
tr	O	盖伯穿着一件皱巴巴的X战警T恤，并且他的牛仔裤在两个膝盖处都破了。
tr	I	It was happening again tonight and something very strange had happened between them last night .
tr	I	Under the circumstances , it was the best I could manage , but that 's one of the stupidest things a man can possibly say .
tr	O	他们不断地过来，并且我们不断地战斗。
tr	O	没有发现任何东西，并且所有的房间都被锁上了。
tr	O	他们都盯着阿什利看，并且他们的脸上充满了厌恶。
tr	I	The limbs started at about fourteen feet from the ground , and the trunk was three feet in diameter .
tr	I	I will make any concessions needed to see that happen , and I want you in my life .
tr	I	It was welcomed , but the water was room temperature .
tr	O	改变帮助他恢复了年轻的容貌，但是他的心情很差。
tr	I	There are also things above it , but there are many things below it .
tr	I	I 'm never letting you go and you 're mine .
tr	I	In the end she nodded , but her nose flared with defiance , like she wanted to argue further with him .
tr	I	I 'd assumed it was there because it was his realm , but I 'd sat there a few times in Henry 's palace .
tr	O	他将手滑到她的腰上，并且手指稍微伸到了她的衬衫下。
tr	I	It 's in a safe place , just in case any evidence from the original file goes missing and I had the case file copied .
tr	I	I don 't , but I expected to see strain at the edges of her smile .
tr	O	他没有得到他所需要的理智检查，但是他找到了托尔活下去的理由。
tr	I	The crispness had that wintry feel to it and it was definitely cold enough .
tr	O	他不知道为什么那会让他感到困扰，考虑到当时的情况，但是确实如此。
tr	I	The jewels in her ears apparently couldn 't read , but walking to the next coffin , Hazel tried to read the plaque .
tr	I	None of them felt it was important , but it was true that they knew little of each other .
tr	I	She had to drop the axe and the power of that hit radiated up her arm .
tr	O	莫里斯紧紧地握着方向盘，但是他笑着表示认可。
tr	O	最终她来到了市政厅附近的维多利亚式台阶，并且在这里她休息了一会儿，然后继续她的观光。
tr	I	I read disappointment in his face , and Max looks at me .
tr	O	我无法想象这会发生，至少是哭泣的部分，但是我无法抹去我小时候看到的一切。
tr	I	This time they were ready for it , but I tried the pulse again .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to do , and I held him in my arms as he died .
tr	O	他们很有耐心，很有条理，并且他们搜刮了一切。
tr	I	According to Will , they were unstoppable , and I could no longer see through them .
tr	I	A smile lit up my lips at how perfect that moment was , and I felt his moisture spilling inside me .
tr	O	跑步声在她身边响起，并且她转身看到了杰夫。
tr	I	He steps close , pulling me into his arms , and his hand covers mine .
tr	O	我一天晚上从波士顿回来探望我母亲，并且我牙疼得厉害。
tr	I	Her eyes stayed on Seth , her conversation not missing a beat , but I knew she could feel my signature as I approached .
tr	I	Starting another and finishing one doll .
tr	O	我知道他是个爱操心的人，并且我需要更好地照顾他。
tr	O	内华达告诉我停下来，或者我的手指就会掉下来。
tr	I	None of them wanted to give , but they all wanted things .
tr	I	I 'm devastated , and my daughter died .
tr	I	Matthew saw his lifetime as Ammon move quickly forward and Chapter 26 All at once light began to shimmer .
tr	I	They laughed under the warm suns and it was a time of plenty for the Nomads .
tr	I	I swung my shopping bag to slap her in the side and I glanced over at Miranda who was watching his butt in awe .
tr	I	I very much liked to be comfortable and the situation overall was just out of my comfort zone .
tr	I	This whole thing will be over and maybe we 'll get a call .
tr	I	I wished for Frost , my Killing Frost , and the frost began to melt against my hand .
tr	O	我想你早注意到了，但是你不想相信它。
tr	O	塔维试图让年轻人再次睁开眼睛，但是他怎么也叫不醒。
tr	O	环绕着他们的建筑物在泥土地周围形成了一道屏障，并且她并不太想攀爬那些废墟。
tr	I	She barely spoke a word , and Mia wasn 't talking much .
tr	O	这事以前差点发生过一次，并且他知道这很容易再次发生。
tr	O	他几乎百分之百确定今天会如何发展，然而他却在这里，让她一个人离开。
tr	I	I 'll say it was in one of those old books I was chasing , but I don 't want to be followed .
tr	O	这是一个阳光明媚的日子，并且气温在二十多度。
tr	I	Handling the attackers himself and * * * Ashe considered dropping his cargo in an empty room .
tr	O	玛丽安花了一点时间找洗手间，并且伊莎贝拉开始真正听音乐了。
tr	I	He was no fool and well , Nick Gautier was no cherry .
tr	I	An attack will weaken us , since we have no high walls and a siege will surely weaken them !
tr	I	He falls , knocked out and the life goes out of the soldier 's eyes .
tr	O	他认为最好不要尝试水上跳跃，但是A.J.的脸上充满了决心。
tr	O	他的思想是她从那可怕的群体中筛选出的第一个个体想法，而且她仍然比任何人都更了解他。
tr	I	Now she wondered what had influenced the design , but she hadn 't thought much about it on her previous visits .
tr	I	Of course I never realized , but all the signs were there before , if I 'd really paid attention .
tr	I	The column 's vehicles had crossed the river and Ed had learned that Task Force Beta had repaired the damaged railroad bridge .
tr	O	我点了点头，表示我明白了，并且片刻之后，我发现了莉亚为什么那么喜欢屋顶。
tr	O	我说，并且我们笑了。
tr	O	然后他看着我，眼中闪烁着一丝希望的光芒，并且我的心也随之振奋起来。
tr	I	It would not respond to her now , but it had always responded to her absolutely .
tr	O	下一个最近的防守者也追上了他，并且然后布莱斯甚至放慢了更多速度。
tr	I	Albert rushed on before he could , but Jenkins opened his mouth to reply .
tr	O	我试图思考那会是什么，但是我没觉得我有什么不同。
tr	I	He was slowly starting to wake up and Nicolas 's breathing had returned to normal .
tr	O	他的脸很和善，并且他正在准备某种绷带。
tr	O	她打电话时它找上了她，并且现在它想要报酬。
tr	O	她紧身马裤让人浮想联翩，并且我感到僵住了，像个该死的白痴一样坐在那里，完全受她控制。
tr	O	她又带着她闪烁的笑容回头看了一眼，但是这次她的蓝眼睛里带着冰冷。
tr	I	It beat the alternative , but he hated begging , not least because he wasn 't very good at it .
tr	I	Our sex life was , well , lacking , and I was with Ben for the last six years .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have privacy if she didn 't respect others ' , but Sloane immediately recognized the older woman 's intention to impart more gossip .
tr	I	What he didn 't do was disagree with me , but his lips twitched .
tr	O	她张开嘴想要抗议，但是我打断了她，举起了我的手。
tr	I	I could feel beads of sweat rolling down his face and after both of us caught our breath , Jackson rested his forehead against mine .
tr	I	I can 't breathe , and he squeezes .
tr	O	晚饭后他们回到楼上的图书馆，并且休借此机会更深入地研究她。
tr	I	She had very good reason to feel such hopeless desperation , but of course , the pitiful lady didn 't know this .
tr	I	She felt his muscles go taut , and his hand stilled in her hair .
tr	O	他们珍爱这个词，并且它的到来也同样珍贵。
tr	I	I don 't , or I make it .
tr	O	我对自己耳语着，感受着音节从我舌尖滚落，并且我笑了。
tr	O	纹身是两把枪的形状，而且我根本不记得自己曾经纹过它们，这才是最疯狂的地方。
tr	O	另一场战争即将来临，而且另一位前政府官员正将他变成一个跳舞的傀儡，为他人的政治窃取他的人生。
tr	O	他打开车门时我问道，并且我看到了一摞摞的咖啡杯。
tr	O	她说话如此凶狠，以至于我吓了一跳，并且我在长凳上坐直了。
tr	I	Anya would never admit that her sister 's words cut deep , but she knew exactly how to gouge Anya 's most painful wound .
tr	I	He looked up , and his Adam 's apple bobbed .
tr	O	我们当然可能不需要使用它，但是我想把事情安排妥当作为预防措施。
tr	I	I could feel my strength leave my body , and just thinking about sleeping made me yawn .
tr	O	乱石堆散落在绿色的山丘上，并且格蕾丝几乎每走一步都畏缩一下。
tr	I	I had on basic black dress shoes , and we 'd opted for no tie , thank God .
tr	O	克兰西先生笑了，并且其他人感到敬畏。
tr	O	他又穿上了那件风衣，并且他把手插在口袋里。
tr	O	他的许多朋友都被抓过，并且每次他们都被遣送出境。
tr	I	I can 't shake you But scared I 'll break myself .
tr	O	给了我与她之间的那个口香糖瞬间，并且接着拉响了该死的火警警报。
tr	I	Her heart went into her throat when she saw the picture of Leo and Doo Ri recognized them right away from the concert a few weeks ago .
tr	O	他松开了对我的钳制，并且我滑落到地上。
tr	O	有发给集体诉讼管理人的指示，并且有几十个待填写的签名空白处。
tr	O	她把电话递给我，并且我差点当场死去。
tr	O	我想起了罗布的眼睛，像水一样深邃，并且很快地流露出人们对他有多重要。
tr	I	She didn 't think this was a laughing matter but she thought she heard a smile in his voice .
tr	O	卫斯理试图把她拉进来，并且她随口威胁要将他从她的遗嘱中除名。
tr	O	女孩动了动，并且亚历克斯看到，在她的裤子破烂的裤脚下，女孩的右脚上有一只运动鞋。
tr	O	我们很久没说话了，但是我 D也许可以打个电话。
tr	O	格蕾丝同情她，但是这并没有改变她对自己儿子所做的一切。
tr	I	Shaky lines maneuvered their way across the moonlit yard , and the quake had caused the hologram servers to malfunction .
tr	O	他后退了刹那，并且他就在那里。
tr	I	They continued down the steps as doors were kicked open far above and he nodded .
tr	I	It had been an unusually hot Colorado afternoon , and Tate said she didn 't even have water .
tr	O	我听到斯托姆惊呼，但是我没有在听。
tr	O	他们的目光交汇了，并且某种强大的东西在他们之间闪现，抹去了他用来让自己回到这里的伪装。
tr	O	我知道我将不得不做什么，并且我讨厌它。
tr	I	Though he 'd been disappointed , he was also somewhat relieved , and Sofia 's friend had never shown up .
tr	O	他跟着马利克走回走廊，并且他们都消失在伊森的办公室里了。
tr	O	黎明向后仰着头，并且他凝视着她褐色眼睛的美丽。
tr	I	His tone isn 't , but the question is accusatory .
tr	O	凯特把钥匙插进车里，并且它轰鸣着启动了。
tr	I	There was no blood on the bandage and the hole was bandaged up .
tr	O	这是我们四次承诺杀他的机会中的第一次，并且很难想象一个更简单的机会会落到我们手上。
tr	O	其中四种被称为“主德”，并且剩下的三种被称为“神德”。
tr	O	淋浴起作用了，并且我又开始工作了。
tr	O	我知道你们不赞同，但是有很多人指望着我。
tr	O	安东尼停顿了一下，双眼转动着，但是他保持沉默。
tr	I	I was floored at its seeming authenticity , and it arrived in Florida a week later .
tr	O	Ava皱着眉，心想金什么时候才能意识到他们是朋友……，并且朋友之间总是会为彼此腾出时间。
tr	I	His expression was unreadable , but I glanced toward Liam .
tr	I	His full lips were curled up in a devilish smile and his handsome face was darkened from the sun .
tr	O	他们生吞活剥了他的部分身体，鲜血涂抹在他们狰狞的獠牙上，并且他们随后又把我拖走了。
tr	O	大部分液体已经渗入地毯，但是玻璃杯中剩下的几滴就足够了。
tr	O	管理层给他们买了他们要求的任何食物，并且麦克尤其常要求两样东西。
tr	O	根据初步报告，震中在数英里之外，但是地震撼动了整个以色列海岸线，包括这里。
tr	I	I didn 't expect anything , but it was worth a try .
tr	I	There was nothing to find , but my eyes searched the room .
tr	O	有一会儿尴尬的停顿，并且我希望我什么都没说。
tr	I	I wanted this man , but I wasn 't promiscuous .
tr	I	Douglas stood true , but the Bishop looked at Douglas for a shade longer than was necessary , obviously giving him time to run from the Cathedral .
tr	O	我双手捂住嘴巴，但是已经太迟了。
tr	I	We can 't see past the auto body shop from here , and they don 't come down this way .
tr	O	那该死的东西正在上升，并且房间也越来越暗了。
tr	I	The evil never failed to creep her out , but she 'd been here a thousand times before .
tr	O	持久的铃声将他从过去拉回，并且他瞥了一眼电话。
tr	I	Her eyes widened and she sipped .
tr	I	Adam puts the kettle on and we walk into the kitchen .
tr	O	我知道我正在拉扯一根已经绷紧的弦，但是我似乎无法阻止自己。
tr	O	他们肯定会要他的脑袋，并且这件事毫无疑问。
tr	O	呼吸会痛，并且站着不动也会痛。
tr	I	The Four Nerds had worked throughout the night and * * * * * Jordan .
tr	O	声音很洪亮，并且这个电话很紧急。
tr	I	I especially don 't care about God and I don 't look for a reason .
tr	O	所以要么这些是吸血鬼，或者它们是其他超自然的东西。
tr	I	It was difficult for his sister to accept but he knew that time would heal her wounds .
tr	O	她想出去，但是她被限制在一个房间里。
tr	I	I was alone , the only sound the flapping of wings as a bird took off from somewhere nearby , but I turned in a circle .
tr	I	No one was surprised when Brady Maxwell III followed in his father 's footsteps , and they were a model family .
tr	I	I tuck them back behind my ears , and strands of hair stick to my face .
tr	I	It seemed as though the dawn never came and there was a storm during the night .
tr	O	她激烈地回应道，但是拉希德注意到她并没有从男人的触摸中抽离。
tr	I	The question was out there now , but he looked a bit unnerved to share it .
tr	O	他向大人物寻求支持，但是大人物不理睬他。
tr	O	至少他们是朋友，但是友谊却无法完全解释她为何无法将他从脑海中抹去。
tr	I	They are on track to cover the distance long before her strength fails her , but her grip slowly starts to relent .
tr	O	他不记得上次感受到它是什么时候了，但是它现在却以其原有的全部强度嘶吼着。
tr	I	Even so I thought everything seemed fine , but the darkness made it difficult to see .
tr	O	失去我的父亲让我非常痛苦，但是至少我能和他一起度过十二年。
tr	I	I was willing to do it again if she let me , and I 'd rocked her world the first time we were together .
tr	I	This is major and it was a long time ago .
tr	I	The words seemed to die in his throat , but Mateo wanted to tell Asa he was wrong .
tr	I	The best thing to do was walk away from the whole mess , and at one point he 'd decided there was no reasoning with her .
tr	I	They were well spaced for easy harvest and she could easily reach the low branches .
tr	O	安娜僵立不动，但是她的身体却在颤抖。
tr	I	Now you 're barely interacting with him , but you literally drove straight from the police station to get Pavel .
tr	I	One isn 't and one is working .
tr	O	门上挂着“关闭”的牌子，但是他能看到柜台有人。
tr	I	I hid it well with good grace , but I had learned to despise them quickly .
tr	O	她无法停止爱他，但是她无法容忍他的实验。
tr	O	我不明白他为什么那么想知道，但是他是那种固执的类型。
tr	I	I could feel the energy surging through my body and I felt the restraint release , even as we both stumbled back .
tr	O	他是我船上的打杂的，并且我本不该信任他。
tr	I	I figured ice cream would do us both good and the day is hot .
tr	O	他的目光与她仅仅相遇了一秒，但是这个人一瞬间所蕴含的比大多数人一生所能达到的还要多。
tr	I	I 've heard emotionally it can leave you feeling empty , but I 'm not sure how accountable one is held for these sins .
tr	I	He couldn 't have her , but he wanted Eve .
tr	O	他能听到他们的传输信号，但是他无法解码它们。
tr	I	His skin was hot , but her fingers were icy .
tr	I	I was remembering when I first met her and the fluoro light was shining on her throat .
tr	I	I followed , and he walked toward the edge of the woods .
tr	O	他周五出航了，他们说那是不吉利的，并且我真心希望不是这样。
tr	O	两名警官出现在通向室外的门口，并且我不用看他们就知道他们都是吸血鬼。
tr	I	A blast of cold turned her sweat clammy , and somewhere overhead the air conditioning kicked on .
tr	O	这听起来可能有些生硬，但是她就是那样的。
tr	I	His breathing was rapid , and his eyes darted around .
tr	O	在那种情况下，愤怒是适当的反应，并且她确实看起来很愤怒。
tr	I	The fog was beginning to thicken , making the horizon invisible , and heavy clouds were descending slowly .
tr	I	We can do it hard or we can do this easy .
tr	I	I felt like I was to blame , and Jamey was going to be in huge trouble .
tr	I	I know I can 't keep delaying the inevitable , but more seconds pass .
tr	I	He 's touching his face and his eyes are vacant .
tr	I	It actually seemed to fit , but it was a simple wool dress .
tr	O	或许焊点很弱，但是它会支撑足够久。
tr	I	No fire escapes were present , and it appeared as though most of the windows were barred .
tr	I	I needed advertisements to do so , but I wanted to change that mindset .
tr	O	我还没完全弄清楚，因为大家似乎都很匆忙，但是这就是我所知道的。
tr	I	He couldn 't hide the twitching of his lips , but the blond nodded as though disappointed .
tr	O	他爱你，因为你是我的一个部分，而且天知道他爱我远超我应得的。
tr	O	嗯，我很抱歉，亲爱的，但是你注定要失望了。
tr	O	他本想让她不要去上班，但是他不想让她看到他这个样子。
tr	O	她是个丑陋的恶魔，然而与此同时，世上从未有过比她更异域、更美丽的女人。
tr	O	我的身体充满痛苦，并且我无法控制地尖叫着。
tr	I	The room grew dark and the entire jail rumbled .
tr	O	康纳的眼睛瞪得很大，并且他一动不动，仿佛被他头上王冠的重量震住了。
tr	O	我理解你父亲对你如此年轻的担忧，但是我乐意为你和他谈谈。
tr	I	He 's shooting up the place and he 's got his gun out .
tr	I	He 'd lost his job and her father hadn 't been able to handle life after her mother died of cancer .
tr	O	很多人挤在外面，有幸获得邀请函的人，以及那些仅仅满足于从远处观看派对的人。
tr	O	她的身体替她回答了，并且她向后摇晃着靠在他身上。
tr	O	我和那个男人睡过，分享了无数亲密，然而我却不知道他是做什么的。
tr	I	Leslie picked up the pen and they went back to the table .
tr	I	The world spun as I automatically resumed CPR , and my breath was coming in rapid gasps now .
tr	I	Jack was determined on never becoming any woman 's fool , and lust could make a fool of a man .
tr	I	He got back to work , and that induced her to silence again .
tr	O	没有了栏杆他失去平衡，但是他仍将目光集中在门上，专注于他必须做的事情。
tr	I	There wasn 't time , but speed would need to think of a name for this ship .
tr	O	我抱了他的小儿子小马丁·沃尔特斯，但是他们叫他麦克。
tr	I	She also didn 't want to show him her revulsion over his apparent lack of morals but she didn 't want to encourage him in any way .
tr	I	I had a firm grip , but Mia jerked in my grip , pulling at her wrist with every intention of breaking free .
tr	O	他不再用武器指着我了，但是这种表面的客气并不能让我安心。
tr	I	They have been the best eight months in my life and we 've been together almost eight months now .
tr	I	She couldn 't look at him and the thought made her cheeks flush .
tr	O	他不喜欢使用它们，但是他已经用尽了所有其他选择。
tr	O	莉亚从钱包里掏出一个小手电筒，但是那点微光似乎只会制造更多阴影。
tr	O	她的眼睛半睁着，但是她没有回答。
tr	O	他们走到前台，并且克里斯蒂安宣布了他们的到来。
tr	I	Rose didn 't care , but Everything was moving fast .
tr	I	I was so proud of him , but at twenty-two , Vincent was one of the oldest freshmen students at River Valley Community College .
tr	I	She slowly shook her head and Patricia 's face went blank .
tr	I	I cannot do without it , but I think it 's the fire , drying out the wooden walls .
tr	O	他是对的，而且我知道。
tr	I	The thought soured in my stomach , but it seemed like a valid argument .
tr	I	I remembered why I 'd loved him , and he smiled .
tr	I	It feels so unnatural and it 's weird to see because ... well , because everything appears so ordinary .
tr	I	She tasted his pleasure , and his abs clenched .
tr	O	试着叫醒你，但是就像唤醒死人一样。
tr	O	他显然不习惯这样被人说话，而且她能看出他差点就要回以愤怒的回答。
tr	O	你们这些人做了很多伟大的事情，但是我们仍然有工作要做。
tr	O	他在几步前就放开了我的手，但是现在他友善地搭住了我的肩膀。
tr	O	两次出拳都命中了，形成又一次同步交锋，而且，莉亚再次忽略了疼痛。
tr	I	She never looked away , but sometimes it was blinding .
tr	O	Emelia做了个鬼脸，并且他又咯咯笑了。
tr	I	Now it would be different , but I hadn 't been ready to fight Klaus back then .
tr	I	People still insist on inserting this nonsense into their works of fiction , yet it doesn 't take much to search the Internet for this info .
tr	O	蔡斯捏了捏鼻梁，而且罗曼知道他惹上大麻烦了。
tr	I	Boys would say ooooh to anything , but I didn 't think this was a particularly good line on Ms. Northam 's part .
tr	I	Then he realized the problem , and Cale 's eyes widened .
tr	O	我用好的一侧撞到了门，但是即使如此，疼痛仍然蔓延到我的背部。
tr	O	容器关闭了，而且他的衣服不见了。
tr	I	I didn 't know where from but he looked so familiar to me .
tr	I	She 'd never forgotten it , and that kind of generosity had been a novel experience for Alix .
tr	O	她在他隔壁住了半年，然而没人告诉他这件事。
tr	O	艾许在那之前没有和那个高个子青年说过话，但是他也没有在任出现在艾许卧室里时把他赶走。
tr	O	她的眼睛睁得很大，并且当我们对视时，我把她的身体和那个向我移动的半透明形体混淆了。
tr	O	他把手从我身上抬起，并且我稍微呜咽了一声。
tr	O	托德一家在城堡湖有一栋很大的避暑别墅，并且霍默一直以来都是他们的看管人。
tr	I	I waited for her to send Ryan flying across the room again , and her face flashed red .
tr	I	He would come early to class to suck up to me and after last night I 'd thought I had the upper hand .
tr	O	我怀疑地看着杰克逊，但是他却在微笑。
tr	O	门在他身后关上了，但是门却没有消失。
tr	O	他的同事们都知道他很沮丧，并且他们都为他感到难过。
tr	I	He pulled me towards him and I stared at him .
tr	I	The rest of him looked untouched , but he probably had a broken nose .
tr	O	正当我考虑休息时，一阵剧痛穿透了我的腿，并且我再次跪倒在地。
tr	O	我能看到她的表情从愤怒转为恐惧，并且她拍打了袭击者的胸部。
tr	O	我花了一秒钟才想起自己在哪里，并且所有的记忆都涌了回来。
tr	O	我立刻感觉到它收紧了，并且我喘着气跌倒在地。
tr	O	托利弗轻轻推了我一下，并且我们交换了眼神。
tr	I	I do not believe in ghosts , and I am not a superstitious person .
tr	I	They both left Peter alone , and she nodded , still sobbing .
tr	O	车开始摇晃，并且我崩溃了。
tr	O	他吻了她，在她温暖中融化着，并且然后他放开了她。
tr	O	房子的车道依然空着，并且格蕾丝长长地吁了口气。
tr	O	我的胃翻腾着，并且我的思绪飞转，思考着我能阻止他们的种种可能方法。
tr	O	她模糊地挥了挥手，并且他笑了。
tr	I	A fork still whispered a reply , but there was no thrill this time .
tr	O	她的手在剑上变得冰冷，并且几秒钟内，冰冷的刀刃发出蓝光。
tr	O	我知道谈论与家人分离可能很困难，并且我才刚认识这个人。
tr	O	她笑了，等待着他的回应，并且杰里米瞬间考虑了一下。
tr	O	一会儿，我以为奶奶不会回答我了，但是她终于又轻轻地叹了口气。
tr	I	He joined in and Metallica started playing through his sound system .
tr	I	There was a grim set to his jaw , but Morton flinched at the insult .
tr	O	我知道如果我能在暴风雨来临前到家就万幸了，但是我肯定会尝试的。
tr	I	She could do no other than provide , and he needed .
tr	I	Jared saw it was a knife and the man held it up slightly .
tr	I	I couldn 't distinguish if there were any words involved , but I could hear the volume of the noise that Lindsey made .
tr	O	房子建好了，但是他告诉过她会是这样。
tr	I	The Lamborghini had always been her one exception , but normally , she didn 't give a whit about cars .
tr	I	The mall was crowded and it was Friday night .
tr	O	他看到了香农，并且然后他踱步到她现在坐着的地方——在我旁边的桌子。
tr	O	周围仍有处于各种失修状态的建筑物，但是荒野又一次重新占据了这片地貌。
tr	I	His eyes are a dull gray , and his little cheeks are sucked in .
tr	I	They went , and he yelled .
tr	I	I needed more choices and they had more choices .
tr	O	我不确定他是谁，但是我知道他就像别西卜本人一样堕落。
tr	O	我很少见到埃里克词穷，但是他绝对是说不出话来——足足有三十秒。
tr	I	She smiled joyfully and as she walked through the door to the visiting room her eyes lit up .
tr	I	I fell into them sobbing and Katie held out her arms .
tr	I	The room quieted and Dave 's attorney , Mike Addison , stood up .
tr	I	She knew she 'd feel its absence if the bond between them severed , but she didn 't exactly feel a tether to Sean .
tr	O	他张开了嘴，但是她打断了他。
tr	I	He was standing there with tears falling down his face and I turned around .
tr	O	瑞安从天而降，并且将我抱入怀中。
tr	I	Then it began to zing right to the roots , but he could barely feel her touch through the hair .
tr	I	The color was beginning to return and it was warming .
tr	O	握住她的左手没关系，但是她的右手断了。
tr	I	Time came to a stop , and Asa clapped his hands together .
tr	I	Margaret answered , and I asked for the archives area .
tr	I	I turn around to see a familiar truck pulling in and the roar of an engine sounds behind me .
tr	O	木头裂开了一点，但是门撑住了。
tr	I	It 's not true , and it 's not fair .
tr	O	这只黑猩猩名叫Momo，并且Momo非常擅长美国手语。
tr	I	I really suck at goodbyes and I suck at receiving gifts .
tr	I	She didn 't wave back , but she looked at me .
tr	I	I had no idea what to say to him , and Jim was feeling down about his recovery .
tr	O	我买了一支眼线笔，但是我不用它。
tr	O	他们陷入僵局，直到那人垂下目光，并且他的眼睛开始闪烁。
tr	I	The flailing girl 's weakened state slows them to an observable rate , but the jarring visions seize hold of Zelda 's mind once more .
tr	O	那些可能是邦联飞船，但是它们不是来自我们的氏族。
tr	O	她并非笨蛋，尽管她刻意给他留下了那种印象，并且她甚至都没有费力。
tr	I	He found himself a bit shaken , but they slid neatly back into place .
tr	O	这双眼睛很熟悉，并且杰克也看到了。
tr	O	他右边的走廊是空的，并且他左边的楼梯空无一人。
tr	I	It would not hold forever , but the doors did not budge .
tr	I	The only one he could think of now was : it 's strange , but Moist realized that there had to be an explanation for this .
tr	I	It would only reach so far , but she lifted her hand to tear it off .
tr	O	萨姆，我深知不该留下，但是我却无法让自己离开。
tr	I	This went beyond that , but she 'd expected a reaction because of her involvement with Kennedy .
tr	O	他让她睡着了，一句低语的命令，并且她的睫毛垂了下来。
tr	O	杰斯把头转向她，并且一瞬间他们的目光交汇了。
tr	O	我射击了右边那个，并且汉普射击了左边那个。
tr	O	我不知道我为什么这么紧张，但是天哪，我好紧张。
tr	O	其中一部分可能是出于对南方的忠诚，但是主要是他自己的贪婪导致他利用了你的兄弟。
tr	O	我没有其他想联系的亲戚，并且除了你们俩，这里也没有朋友。
tr	I	Darkness followed it , and then pain exploded his world .
tr	O	我会让技术人员运行杀毒软件，并且他应该就没事了。
tr	O	我想把她抱到我腿上，但是她脸上担忧、紧张的表情阻止了我。
tr	I	The manner had been a little different , but Nyx had done this too .
tr	O	我处于一种悲惨的状态中，并且我的祖母身体越来越虚弱。
tr	I	Only then became aware that her legs were trembling and Julia had stared at the receiver in her hand .
tr	O	简而言之，他们并不总是拥有相同的价值观，但是他们在一件事上达成了一致：人类的命运。
tr	O	特根肯定在留意多克，但是她没有停下手中的工作。
tr	O	他看起来放松了一点，并且他给了我一个淡淡的微笑。
tr	O	这个男人是一个强化士兵，如果她没弄错的话，他就是一个“锚”，并且现在没有人是安全的了。
tr	O	他的下巴紧绷着，他皮肤烧焦的气味弥漫在空气中，但是他拒绝放开她。
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't this feeling of uncertainty , but I didn 't know what love was yet .
tr	O	他脱下了西装外套，并且白衬衫的袖子卷到了手臂中部。
tr	O	她深吸了一口气，并且那一刻平静了下来。
tr	I	She wouldn 't listen , but I tried to reason with her .
tr	O	一瞬间过去了，并且他们不见了。
tr	I	She didn 't , but I kinda thought she was gon na hit me .
tr	I	He wasn 't around a lot , and well , he wasn 't better .
tr	I	No one had heard of Ross McRae , but she admitted her father 's name after some initial reluctance .
tr	I	The ink on his skin was still for the rest of the night and Leo 's eyes were back to their normal dark brown .
tr	I	They stopped in their tracks and he had a commanding voice .
tr	O	说起来容易做起来难，但是她别无选择。
tr	O	在那一瞬间，妮娜在布劳恩身上看到了一丝人性闪光，但是这在此时并不能拯救他。
tr	I	I was slightly dazed and my head felt light .
tr	O	他们穿过隐藏的森林小径，并且她紧紧跟在他身后。
tr	I	My shoulders tense and there 's that cautious , nervous Storm voice again .
tr	O	他听着她教训他的声音，并且非但没有被激怒，他反而很享受。
tr	O	茉莉的香气弥漫在他的感官中，并且一瞬间他仿佛属于她。
tr	O	我看向我的右边，并且一切都从超音速变成了蜗牛般的速度。
tr	O	我尝试戴手表，但是我却不喜欢。
tr	O	她不确切知道那意味着什么，但是它一定意味着什么。
tr	I	At least he no longer looked like he was staring down the barrel of a .45 , but his face was still pale .
tr	I	We will get your copy of the contract and I can get into Matt 's office safe .
tr	I	It was for you , but it pains me to say this now .
tr	I	He glanced down the hall , and his eyes widened a fraction .
tr	I	The slightly thinner circumference snaps the moment his weight is applied , but several jumps later , Rift successfully grabs hold of a vine .
tr	I	We go right around the corner to a little bakery where he orders one piece of the decadent dessert and he tosses some bills on the table .
tr	I	Words couldn 't describe how violating it felt , and I 'd been possessed before .
tr	I	I 'm not confident either , but I don 't feel nervous .
tr	I	He didn 't see a pay phone , but he wished he could call home then .
tr	O	我需要相信他们把我蒙在鼓里是有充分理由的，或者也许他们根本就不知道真相。
tr	I	Allie nudged him , and Mikey grumbled something under his breath .
tr	I	There was a question in his voice , but it was a statement .
tr	I	I pushed myself out of Robin 's arms , and the world burst into light as I saw through the shadows .
tr	I	I want to see who 's running this country , and I believe he must be trapped in the White House if Andrews is closed down .
tr	I	I am too , but he might be stubborn .
tr	O	罗伊斯顿让她做一项工作，并且这项工作已经结束了。
tr	O	我把我们开往市中心方向，并且我们经过了更多的法院。
tr	I	It was all Jason could do to pull the tab up instead of down and she presented him with her back .
tr	I	It managed to slam into my ear but I flung my head around .
tr	I	A plastic ring of toys Haylie had pulled from her bag of tricks and he was taking turns playing with his feet .
tr	O	在我身边，阿多尼斯挺直了身子，并且我碰了碰他的手肘。
tr	I	Bahl Bazaar got up and the bell rang again .
tr	I	He hadn 't and her father could have put an end to this romance .
tr	O	水轻轻地在她身体周围流动，当寂静包围着她，并且她漂浮着，俯瞰着宇宙。
tr	I	We didn 't know much of anything yet , but we were here to get information about what they were planning .
tr	I	We didn 't try to pry any lose , but we all knew these were precious gems .
tr	I	He crossed his arms , and Evan 's eyes dropped .
tr	O	你同意成为我的，并且你戴着我的戒指，那么就不能有其他人。
tr	O	他们四散奔逃，但是那只会进一步激怒我。
tr	I	She had the final say but he explained that Garrison was in charge of their safety .
tr	I	Already her knees complained , and she had been in the trench for barely an hour .
tr	I	I knew Michael , but he 'd told me himself that the potential for losing it was in him .
tr	I	Jamie turned as I crossed into the aisle , but Stella didn 't wake up .
tr	I	She ignored us , but I called out to her , breathless , as we ran .
tr	I	The spell was broken , and she blinked .
tr	I	Both of you will die here and you 're trapped .
tr	I	We are racing across the fields of grain and the farmers are in the field !
tr	I	She forged ahead and Sibyl found this encouraging .
tr	O	疼痛在接下来的几秒钟内缓解了，并且阿玛拉松了一口气。
tr	O	那不是我喜欢的节目，但是那是我感到舒服的节目。
tr	I	Garrett felt something tighten inside , and she smiled as she said it .
tr	O	他不记得在那段时间睡过觉，但是那时他几乎不记得在任何时候、任何地方睡过觉。
tr	O	像我一样，她有一种通灵的诀窍，但是她的诀窍是让人们吐露秘密。
tr	O	无法让那些女人从那个位置挪动，并且没有内部帮助，任何走出宫殿的机会都为零。
tr	I	I want to see her happy , and I tend to worry about Sabrina .
tr	O	她在校医室接我的时候非常平静，并且回家的路上她没怎么说话。
tr	I	I 'm not screwing up again , and I 've already screwed up by losing that old couple .
tr	O	Aria抓住了Emily的手，并且他们跌跌撞撞地走向汽车。
tr	O	我示意Rex爬进去，并且Dust在他之后跳了过去。
tr	O	她想掐死他，但是她知道自己是在打一场注定失败的战斗。
tr	O	他们告别了，并且他挂断了电话。
tr	I	Bill rang the buzzer , and they left .
tr	I	Now that my parents no longer wanted to be a part of my life , she was all that I had , and I owed her everything .
tr	O	Kira等了仿佛永恒那么久，但是什么也没发生。
tr	I	I noticed his lips were at it again , but he did a good job at deflecting them .
tr	O	他看到了她的真面目，并且他不喜欢这样。
tr	I	Cereal was everywhere and Sergio was staring at the wall , probably pondering ways to kill things .
tr	O	埃里克的呻吟声在寂静中显得很响亮，并且她睁开了眼睛。
tr	I	I nodded , and he asked .
tr	O	眼泪止住了，并且我的眼皮垂了下来。
tr	I	Curiosity got the best of me , but Jamey 's whereabouts shouldn 't have been my concern .
tr	O	我以前从未见过她如此紧张，并且我心疼她。
tr	I	Certainly not after the article she wrote , and she couldn 't allow herself to call .
tr	I	When he looks up , he 's smiling , which makes me feel very weird , but Coach looks down at his hands for a few moments .
tr	I	I never knew his name , but I can remember his face .
tr	I	He moved it around like it weighed nothing , but the thing weighed a ton .
tr	O	在我详细追问他到底看到了什么之后，盖奇开始装傻，并且他答应以后再告诉我。
tr	O	他的眼镜歪了，并且他的头发乱了。
tr	O	是的，我的世界正在缩小，并且对此我无能为力。
tr	O	她深不可测，并且戴尔·蒂格对她着迷，我一点也不感到惊讶。
tr	O	他的眉毛皱在一起，并且然后他歪着头，倾听着。
tr	I	She didn 't contact me and I never called back after that .
tr	I	A few seconds later , they were behind me , Razor 's neon blue grin lightening the walls of the burrow , and it just happened .
tr	O	他拍了拍身边的位置，并且我跪了下来。
tr	I	He noticed there was a flaw in the granite and his eyes glanced down for a moment .
tr	O	我又对自己翻了个白眼，因为埃米莉和我裹在毛皮里的画面闪过我的脑海。
tr	I	They all seem decent people who work reasonably hard and there are five IT support staff on my team .
tr	O	我认识一个很棒的女孩，她在很多方面都很了不起，但是失明不是其中之一。
tr	I	To flee but there was nothing left to do .
tr	I	Her stomach was beginning to complain and she had not eaten since breakfast .
tr	I	The risks may be less than on the streets , but they also haunt the tunnels .
tr	O	我们很亲密，你和我。哦，这其实没那么复杂。
tr	O	我听到机器的蜂鸣声，感觉到针头刺入我的皮肤，赋予我生命，并且我为此恨它们。
tr	O	几声低低的嘶嘶声划破寂静，并且我回头看向莱克夫人。
tr	O	我以为你出事了，并且我哥哥一点忙也帮不上。
tr	O	他看起来相当放松，双眼紧闭，双腿伸展，并且双手抱在脑后。
tr	I	The other occupants of the van didn 't talk and I was left with the muted sounds of travel .
tr	O	凯亚走到她身边，并且除了吉迪恩所有人都站了起来。
tr	O	她完全信任他，并且她知道她爱他。
tr	O	我们必须结束这一切，并且坦白是唯一的办法。
tr	I	Long , sharp talons bit into the child 's arm , and the slash of his mouth revealed jagged teeth stained black with blood .
tr	I	They might not tie him up , and if they thought he was hurt enough , they wouldn 't consider him any more of a threat .
tr	O	我看不见迭戈，但是我知道他在耸肩。
tr	I	She couldn 't leave Atlanta for two weeks , but we had one taker .
tr	I	I swear she must read my mind and Sarah meets my eyes .
tr	O	沉默很紧张，但是她不知道该说什么才能改善。
tr	I	I was happy to take on the task but Preston offered to order food so I wouldn 't have to cook .
tr	I	It is all I have but it is a low , immature blow .
tr	I	I felt myself blushing and my stomach did a crazy flip .
tr	O	泪水灼烧着她的眼睑，并且她宁死也不会让一滴眼泪落下。
tr	I	Unlike an escalator it was only one stair that rose up a good ten feet before it began to slide forward but it was like an escalator .
tr	I	I was able to relax for the remainder of the ride and his matter of fact tone placated me .
tr	I	We still didn 't stop kissing and she slowly swung open the door .
tr	I	The driver pulled away , and Jake shut the door .
tr	I	He didn 't comment on the fact that Olivia was obviously at the house , but Charlotte noticed that his gaze lingered on the two teacups .
tr	I	She turned her head to look across the room and the feeling of being watched crawled over her skin .
tr	O	我妈妈太阳穴上的斑点在她发现时只有豌豆大小，并且六个月后她就去世了。
tr	I	This time she gave me a look that told me that I needed to be more specific , but my mother asked again .
tr	O	你现在可能不明白，但是父母总是会犯错。
tr	O	也许他会有时间享受一点消遣，并且消遣是佩内洛普在他生命中唯一的目的。
tr	O	我气得浑身僵硬，但是我内心的一部分忍不住希望他能说些什么来弥补这一切。
tr	I	He was watching me , and looking extremely handsome in a black suit , he sat alone at a small table in the back of the room .
tr	O	我吸了一口气，但是还有些……更多。
tr	O	你说你不感兴趣，但是那不是真的。
tr	I	For the life of her , she couldn 't figure out what it was , but something nagged in the back of her mind .
tr	O	贝丝不确定她是否想谈论这件事，但是她认为最好还是把这件事了结了。
tr	O	她离开时吻了我的脸颊，并且当她走后，我踱步在屋子里好几个小时。
tr	O	普伦把照片还给了查理，并且他们开车去了市中心。
tr	I	This room had dozens of portholes on the wall , but rooms with a view normally had skylights in the ceiling .
tr	I	She counted herself lucky not to have wound up impaled on it , and her weapon was knocked clear of her hand .
tr	O	他们结婚还不到二十四小时，并且他们已经有了第一次争吵。
tr	I	Mike 's , but Today felt different because she wasn 't coming at Sam 's request .
tr	I	She wonders what such a construction could mean out here away from the common flow of human discourse , and there are no signs of life anywhere .
tr	I	She was also black but not only was Anita female .
tr	I	She 'd need to read over her lease first , but actually she wouldn 't mind a pet .
tr	O	结识他人对你会很好，并且这会给你一个了解这个地区的机会。
tr	I	He continued to feed and unfortunately his hand was quicker than his memory .
tr	I	I knew this wasn 't the last of our conversation and he sighed .
tr	O	这没什么大不了的，但是他每次回家都不跟我说话。
tr	I	I turned off the engine and we pulled into the driveway .
tr	I	The drug stopped her from really fighting back , and she ached all over .
tr	O	我从未对自己的行为如此轻率，并且绝望的性欲对我来说也不是一个充分的理由。
tr	I	There was no time to figure it out now , but he didn 't understand how Ronan had done it .
tr	O	这毫无用处，并且我感觉自己像个傻瓜。
tr	O	他有一个靠窗的最佳位置，并且我们在他对面入座了。
tr	I	She giggled and I pulled her hair .
tr	I	The power outage was extended along with the curfew and there were Enforce everywhere operating under emergency protocols .
tr	O	马格努斯从未喜欢过他们中的任何一个，并且他们中的任何一个也从未喜欢过马格努斯。
tr	O	我的胃像火烧一样疼，并且我知道我必须尽快去医院。
tr	I	Her eyes are a light hazel and her skin is pale .
tr	I	It seemed unlikely at best that he was the killer , but I still could not rule Dominic out .
tr	I	Trish will not be suspicious and I hope this will work .
tr	O	猎物已经混杂在一起，并且进食也变得困难了。
tr	I	None gave the response that Sheen was looking for , but he pressed several more buttons .
tr	I	The stopper on top is round , and it 's square , which is kind of cool .
tr	O	他的眼睛低垂着，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	I	When she opened her eyes , things were blurry , and the salve made Echo 's eyelids stick a little .
tr	O	女人们尖叫着，并且附近的侍者们跳开了。
tr	I	I could stand it , but it was definitely there .
tr	I	You are not , or you are purposefully good .
tr	O	他迅速地伸手去抓她，但是她躲开了。
tr	O	她把一只手放在自己的肚子上，并且他用他的手盖住了她的手。
tr	O	他把手给我，并且我握住了。
tr	I	Don still saw me as the poor kid looking for a chance , but I might be a big-time , rich lawyer now .
tr	I	The finger marks around her neck were like an angry necklace , and most of her face was marked .
tr	I	I 'm no Saint but I wish no harm to your poor wife .
tr	O	我张开嘴，但是已经太迟了。
tr	O	我把车开到路边停下，并且他跳下了车。
tr	I	That was the only day they could all come together for the project , and he was helping some neighbors assemble a barn .
tr	I	A woman next to me gave me a brief pat on the back , and the guests clapped again .
tr	I	For personal reasons he preferred they work elsewhere , but both had good work histories with his company .
tr	I	Her chest heaves as she struggles to maintain her breathing and there 's an underlying meaning in her tone as her gaze locks with mine .
tr	I	Jeff gunned the engine , and I heard the cargo door slam .
tr	O	我们以前养过一只猫，并且当我们去度假的时候，我妈妈总是想把她寄养在宠物医院。
tr	I	Actually getting to have something normal for a change and it 's just nice to see her with someone .
tr	O	他有着棒球运动员那种精瘦、健美的身材，并且他的头发被策略性地弄乱，只用了最少量的发胶。
tr	O	她能看出他想让她高兴起来，但是她已经到了可以接受自己情绪低落的程度了。
tr	O	尤其是她的情况，充满了许多问题，并且她不应该一直依赖马克斯为她解决所有问题。
tr	I	Therefore I didn 't know how much help I could be , and I told him that I 'd be leaving the following Friday .
tr	I	I 'm going to take it and I deserve happiness .
tr	O	我的意思是，他离我只有几英尺远，然而却感觉他不在那里。
tr	O	他的眉毛紧皱在一起，并且她能看出他何时恍然大悟。
tr	I	We can prescribe medicine to reduce the frequency of attacks , but there is no cure for Shingles .
tr	I	Jules begged , but it wasn 't mine , either .
tr	O	特斯消失了，并且我朝冈尼投去一瞥。
tr	O	他曾帮助她走上这条新生活的道路，但是她却选择留在这条路上。
tr	O	他准备训斥他的朋友，但是他的想法还没完全形成，那些可怕的红色污渍就证明根本没有留下任何痕迹。
tr	I	I need to be stronger and I guess that 's the only good thing that this school taught me : that I 'm a punk .
tr	O	我的一部分期待他在撞到地板前稳住自己，但是他没有。
tr	O	他们无法从他们的宇宙跨越到我们的宇宙，但是他们不需要。
tr	I	I have to go and something 's come up .
tr	I	Tom had insisted they go on , but she 'd tired some miles back .
tr	O	我练习一点巫术，但是我对威卡生活更感兴趣。
tr	I	Laying on the floor of the lab with a blanket over me and slowly I open my eyes to see I 'm actually alive .
tr	I	I gasp and I 'm trying to hear the words when the picture onscreen changes .
tr	I	As far as I can tell , it never gets easier , but Death was something I was getting used to being threatened with .
tr	O	泰伊努力不皱眉，但是他的困惑显而易见。
tr	I	The temperature drop had been sudden , and Snow fell lightly as we neared the city walls .
tr	I	Sean doesn 't budge , but I try to pull my wrists free .
tr	O	索菲亚僵坐了几秒钟，并且之后她全身瘫软了。
tr	I	Its passengers attempted to escape and the craft fell to the ground , vanished beneath a melting surface .
tr	I	I was given one and I did ask for a job .
tr	I	Then it choked off , but Veronica started to laugh .
tr	O	我刚开始有点担心他根本没有联系我，但是他总是一个粗心大意的小家伙。
tr	I	There 's always more suffering to cure , more pain to try to stop , but everyone knows that Frost Industries works miracles .
tr	I	It does , but I act like it doesn 't bother me .
tr	I	At their feet the mist was fading and frayed clouds now hovered over the mountains .
tr	O	她把它递给我收起来，并且我再次高度意识到她的裸体。
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I knew looking was a bad idea .
tr	I	The handle didn 't explode off the hinges , either , and the door didn 't swing wildly open .
tr	I	His shoulders were stiff and the muscles in his arms tightened .
tr	O	丝肯把手臂搭在她妹妹肩上，并且他们走向门口。
tr	O	我在考试时不小心把笔记落在了地上，并且拉帕波特先生因我作弊而给我记过。
tr	O	她加快了动作，并且他咬住了她的嘴唇。
tr	O	丛林渐渐被零星的棕榈树丛所取代，并且西里惊讶地发现土壤中混杂了如此多的沙子。
tr	I	Once up , Mr. Cameron seems to be doing okay on his own , but Robbie helps Mr. Cameron out of the lawn chair .
tr	I	He didn 't have the books , but I took him completely by surprise .
tr	I	I looked away from him and I shook off my gaze .
tr	I	Andrew flicks it off and the monitor goes dead .
tr	I	He 's dazed from the thorough pummeling he 's just endured , and Tad 's face is bloated twice its normal size .
tr	I	The three of us leave and he motions toward the door .
tr	I	I nodded , hurrying around the opposite corner , and Fred pointed at the door marked # 323 .
tr	O	他这次确认了，并且牧师半转过头，从他左肩上方回应了。
tr	I	She met them at the clinic and Nik had called Ice 's mom .
tr	O	狄龙不熟悉任何黑人女孩，但是他立刻觉得这个女孩非常漂亮。
tr	O	两人一起把原木弄得摇摇晃晃，但是他们仍然无法挪动它。
tr	O	他们的道德观之间一直存在差异，但是这些差异从未达到过完全不同的程度。
tr	I	We ran and I grabbed Beth 's hand .
tr	O	你脖子上的烧伤很深，但是我认为几周后疤痕不会很明显。
tr	O	我本来打算离她远点，但是那是当我说了算的时候。
tr	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且突然间我只看得到玛雅胸口上的那个洞。
tr	O	杰伊选择看向别处，并且罗伯特继续了。
tr	I	She knew the plan was hopeless and one look into Brighid 's eyes .
tr	I	She has not returned but I look for Miriam .
tr	I	It has to be close , but the view might not be as good as Montana .
tr	I	Her face showed few signs of aging , but strands of silver hair lined her temples .
tr	I	He takes a deep breath , and Michel 's heart is pounding at an alarming rate .
tr	O	医护人员赶到了，并且事情变得更加混乱。
tr	I	So I thought at the time -- or there was nothing to get excited about .
tr	I	Red lasers formed bars , illuminating the small area with an eerie cerise glow , and a lock clicked in place .
tr	I	The roll fell to the dusty road , and he missed .
tr	O	我不知道这是否合理，但是他们大多数人都是这么做的。
tr	I	It could be my imagination but he seems to eyeball me .
tr	I	I dared to nod my head and some silent communication passed between us .
tr	I	That didn 't make it better , but well , he was probably right .
tr	O	看着女儿的痛苦，他的心几乎碎成了两半，但是不先撕裂彼此就无法愈合。
tr	I	Lou Dell closed the door and they shuffled backward .
tr	O	既然我很少出门，我就没有打理自己，并且胡子确实遮住了部分伤疤。
tr	O	他回到了他的卧室，并且我回到了较小的卧室。
tr	O	我警告你，你吸引女性的潜力是一种危险的恩赐，并且它甚至尚未达到其全部效力。
tr	I	After a week of no response , I quit , but I called to thank them for picking me up .
tr	O	空气发霉了，并且房间闻起来像很久没有用过一样。
tr	I	Tears rolled down his face and his chest heaved .
tr	O	我穿着紧身衣有点冷，但是我没有把被子盖在身上。
tr	O	在去吃早餐之前，他查看了他的语音信箱，但是德克萨斯州的私家侦探没有来电。
tr	O	你身上一直有两把弓，但是它们由成年人保管。
tr	I	That was all and to him she was his baby sister .
tr	O	他的一切都很完美，并且奇怪的是，她发现他不再是亿万富翁后，反而更加耀眼了。
tr	O	她变瘦了，并且我对此不喜欢。
tr	I	As you can see , are many in number , and they are very protective .
tr	I	His gaze drifted beyond her out the kitchen window , and his voice sounded full of longing .
tr	O	我本来就没心情宽容，并且这只会让情况变得更糟。
tr	O	沃伦医生什么也没说，但是她递给我那粒黄色的药丸。
tr	I	She had no feelings for him whatsoever , and this man was her husband , her husband .
tr	O	我们中没人来自孟菲斯，但是我们已经爱上了它。
tr	I	That was when I realized the awful truth , and I slept soundly until the morning wakeup chimes .
tr	I	I have to stay until we can sort them out and things here are still messy .
tr	I	He feels it 's not his place but I have asked Alfred to take him aside .
tr	O	我不想这样做，但是你却让它变得必要。
tr	I	There 's silence between us and I sit down .
tr	O	我没看到任何军事人员，但是感觉到了他们。
tr	I	He was right , but I still couldn 't believe that I 'd let everything with Stryker happen .
tr	I	I hope for the latter , but I can 't know which theory is true .
tr	I	They hadn 't left either , but they hadn 't detected him .
tr	I	All of them had been from the safe , warm confines of a Vermont ski lodge , but she 'd seen plenty of snowstorms .
tr	I	Something is up and I 'm back in the warden 's office .
tr	I	His hands got tighter in my hair , and felt him get even harder through the layer of denim separating us .
tr	O	旋转变得不稳定，并且船开始像变形的轮子一样摇晃。
tr	I	I do have a room that you 're more than welcome to stay in for the night , but I 'm afraid they 're all full .
tr	I	I was amongst dried out tumbleweeds and the sand in this dried gully was loose .
tr	I	They 'll assume we know nothing , but we will understand everything they say .
tr	I	She already did plenty of free babysitting , and she would never accept money from me .
tr	I	Goose bumps shivered through him , and an expectant hum washed over the room .
tr	I	It 's filled with your pictures , and she lives in a nice apartment .
tr	I	His cool lips are at my ear and I feel calmer as the bed dips .
tr	O	一想到有朋友要来，我就感到难堪，并且我为此责怪我的爸爸。
tr	O	他们被一个接一个地介绍给它，并且如果他们不能应付，他们就会被淘汰。
tr	O	他没有料到会从敌人那里得到如此的善意，但是它确实存在。
tr	O	他笑了，但是是角落里的男孩回答的。
tr	O	他的嘴巴干了，并且他的视线模糊了。
tr	I	His lips parted , and her eyes met his .
tr	I	She didn 't touch him , but Beside Dominic , Solange moved a little closer , as if to console him .
tr	O	时间没有磨钝痛苦，并且它也没有终结梦想。
tr	O	阴郁的波浪扰乱了他的记忆，但是他知道几件事。
tr	O	她会问自己是否还爱保罗，并且她会回答她爱。
tr	O	我的脸颊红了，并且我迅速地移开了视线。
tr	I	I 'm too focused on getting my coat because I 'm so cold , but I 'm vaguely aware that someone might be saying something to me .
tr	I	He was beginning to doubt he ever would and when he was going to have his fill of her , he didn 't know .
tr	O	我没有看到任何潜伏者，但是我闻到了它们。
tr	I	She didn 't want to wait , and she had made up her mind .
tr	O	凯德的眼睛警告他不要再多说，并且他点头表示收到了无声的信息。
tr	O	我又靠近了一点，并且他也抱得我更紧了。
tr	I	She wanted to teach me history , and I wanted to learn to fight .
tr	I	He paled , but Logan didn 't look at me .
tr	O	夜幕降临了，并且村庄现在一片寂静。
tr	O	他对约翰写的纸条很好奇，但是他却没有勇气打开信封。
tr	O	他已尽力想摆脱今晚的拜访，但是他母亲却坚持要他去。
tr	I	He was staring out the window at something and his hands were braced on his hips .
tr	O	克里斯汀是一名啦啦队长，而且我听说她很受欢迎。
tr	O	他们的举止像所有飞行员一样冷淡而矜持，并且不像詹姆斯那样，他们没有表现出对他友好的迹象。
tr	O	教练看到莉亚开始走向倒下的半人马，并且教练清楚地知道莉亚要做什么。
tr	O	他的反应很快，并且他又抓住了它。
tr	O	我和他没有太多接触，但是他一直很客气。
tr	I	That annoyed him and he 'd failed to locate the girl .
tr	O	门悄无声息地缩回了，并且赛尔登因里面涌出的惊人光线而退后了一步。
tr	I	His .38 were missing and both the list of names Nic had given me .
tr	O	她消失在视线中，并且随之而来的空寂窒息了他。
tr	O	杰克找了个休息室，洗了把脸，并且接着他感觉好多了。
tr	I	The doors slid open , and the airtight seal popped .
tr	I	There was no humor in it , but Emily huffed quietly beside me at Kara 's hypocrisy .
tr	I	Her bottoms are brightly colored , like pajama pants , but her top is medical green .
tr	O	我已经习惯了忽略这些事情，并且我现在又这样做了。
tr	O	我的胃翻腾起来，并且我的拳头握紧了。
tr	O	他们的粉丝也跟了过来，并且气氛变得非常热烈。
tr	I	I arose early to continue my preparations , and I didn 't sleep very much that night .
tr	I	They all looked shocked to see me , and I recognized most of them .
tr	O	我扭动身体试图挣脱，但是他们却把我抓得更紧了。
tr	O	我记得有一次在道德教育课上，我们正在讨论社会习惯，并且我被要求说出其中一个。
tr	O	他认为我杀了约书亚，因为他把醋洒在我身上，并且我用枪把母亲赶走了。
tr	I	His patience slipped another notch and his eyes narrowed under his drawn brows .
tr	O	他感到压力越来越大，但是却仍然没有任何动静。
tr	O	护士会给你止痛药，并且会给你一份说明书，上面解释了接下来几天需要注意什么。
tr	O	我爱你，并且我需要你。
tr	I	She felt magnificent in them so she was determined to wear them no matter what , but these shoes were higher than what she was used to .
tr	O	他们就这样持续了好几天，并且没有任何真正非凡的事情发生。
tr	I	Her legs didn 't move , but she tried to run after them .
tr	I	The narrow beam of light sure slowed her heartbeat down to a steady beat , but the flashlights didn 't banish all of the shop 's gloom .
tr	O	这其实是一个适合散步的好夜晚，并且她放慢了脚步，呼吸着空气。
tr	I	He was fixated on the scene across the room but I tried to get him to meet my eyes .
tr	O	布兰特没有被这些话语安慰到，但是他被邻居们的在场安慰到了，他们中的大多数人都经历过类似的伤心事。
tr	O	Fade 猛地冲刺，并且我飞奔在他身旁。
tr	O	当她转身时，荒凉的沙漠渐渐消失，并且她睁开了眼睛。
tr	I	It doesn 't belong here , but it 's O.K. if he wants to talk like that himself !
tr	O	他不再渴望劳拉了，并且他要是再浪费一刻生命就见鬼了。
tr	O	艾瑞丝萎靡了，并且她的眼睛变红了。
tr	I	I can 't wait and Sean promises when they go on tour that he will take me with them .
tr	I	He figured he would have enough time to get the house ready before his prospect arrived , and there was plenty of space for parking .
tr	I	The expression quickly softened , but Dak looked at him sharply , as if he assumed the boy was mocking him .
tr	I	I was kind of stuck , but I didn 't exactly black out .
tr	I	He planned to try , but Jonah had no idea if they 'd ever be able to recover it .
tr	O	想到能再次触摸她，他的手便温暖起来，并且他的嘴巴渴望着她的味道。
tr	O	我想让他们出去，但是他们根本不可能听。
tr	O	我原本以为就算有什么，也只是一个落后原始的社区，并且我们却像国王一样生活着。
tr	O	爸爸房间的门微微关着，并且里面的低语让我停下来倾听。
tr	O	她不认为这可以被称为真正的友谊，但是她也并不介意他待在身边。
tr	I	He was close to having a beard , and his stubble had grown in even more .
tr	I	A silence fell over the chamber , and Sebastian left the room .
tr	I	She heard nothing else , but she could hear the steady hum of air blowing through vents as she closed the door behind her .
tr	O	他把额头抵在我的额头上，并且我们抓住彼此的脸，绝望地凝视着对方的眼睛。
tr	O	如果它愿意，它可以再次杀戮，但是此刻它需要休息。
tr	O	我认出了一个我科学课上的男生，但是其他人都是陌生面孔。
tr	I	It 's clearly far more powerful , but this whole thing is smaller than the earbuds I used when I went running before school .
tr	I	I was not the one trapped in the car and I was still scarred from it .
tr	O	他把手放在我的腰上，并且我们一起走向厨房。
tr	I	God , I loved him so much , but he might not love me anymore .
tr	I	In the ensuing trauma it had never occurred to him , but he should have thought of that himself .
tr	I	I don 't say anything , but I 've been to far too many hospitals these past few years .
tr	I	She clung to his arms , and her body came to life .
tr	I	The atmosphere between them had changed , but they worked in somewhat comfortable silence .
tr	O	大陪审团将在早上公布裁决，但是这现在只是一种形式。
tr	I	Somehow , without making any sound , Quin had completely disappeared , but Clyde looked everywhere .
tr	O	我不是，但是汤米·克雷是。
tr	O	可能只有四十多度，但是我还是很冷。
tr	I	Its jaw was far more massive with muscle , and it had serrated ridges of horn on its stark cheekbones .
tr	I	She 'd be labeled a whore all over again and if anyone saw her , they 'd be scandalized .
tr	O	他们正在尽力而为，但是我认为他不是优先事项。
tr	O	猛兽咆哮了，并且他笑了。
tr	I	Now at least he could start healing , and she 'd ripped off the bandage .
tr	O	她感到被超出她理解范围的事物所控制，并且昆兰也憎恨这种类似的经历入侵他的世界。
tr	I	He lowered the violin to his side , and Gabriel 's mouth twisted wryly again .
tr	O	维莱恩从她的储物柜转过身，起初只是冷淡，但是随着娜迪娅推向她，她的表情转为担忧。
tr	O	已经一年多了，但是米奇一点也没变。
tr	O	那个男人知道如何掩盖踪迹，但是我明白他为我破例的程度有限。
tr	O	我们知道那可能是一场事故，但是离开事故现场就使其升级为严重罪行。
tr	I	People went and people came .
tr	I	You must leave here , but you 're safe now .
tr	I	It did look as if I was running away , and I explained to her that the Captain had rules .
tr	I	He stepped in front of her , but she tried to walk around him .
tr	O	我不确定这些情况，但是个人权利似乎一直在萎缩。
tr	O	她想成为不仅仅是朋友，并且她厌倦了等待。
tr	O	趁此机会，我点了一些早餐，或者这顿饭本该是什么。
tr	I	It relaxed her , knowing he was carrying on normally and he continued eating .
tr	I	He couldn 't make out the problem , but he knew something was happening to them again .
tr	I	Her features softened and she turned toward Julian .
tr	I	It didn 't , but I narrowed my eyes on my right arm , trying to change into a blade .
tr	O	他走了，并且我们等待。
tr	O	我试图挣脱，但是他把我固定住了。
tr	I	Justin stumbled backward , tossing the stick as he fell to the ground and the black mud erupted .
tr	I	They rarely spoke about themselves , never let her in on the bond they shared but the two were best friends .
tr	I	She could feel heat and her hair blew around her face .
tr	I	I can lend them my strength , but I may not take them with me .
tr	I	Winkler was right behind him and Weldon was behind me now .
tr	I	He gazed down at the jewel longingly , as though in a trance , and his head bobbed askew .
tr	O	她像非洲女祭司一样美丽，并且她邪恶地笑着。
tr	I	He was not alone but Sam was waiting at the altar .
tr	O	我试图用心与他们沟通，但是由于某种原因我无法让他们回应。
tr	O	她有蓝色的眼睛，并且里面有泪水，就像你现在眼里有的一样。
tr	I	His disdain was clear , but Dexter smiled .
tr	O	我想反驳，但是我闭口不言。
tr	O	我让你去找他，并且你显然做到了。
tr	I	I kept silent , and my saner side took over before I could confess anything I 'd later regret .
tr	O	她不再知道，但是她不能待在这里。
tr	I	Henry said that , and Henry said this !
tr	I	There was no response , but a long while passed .
tr	I	They weren 't caused by laughter , but Justin had tears in his eyes too .
tr	I	My voice shook a little , but I tried to act casual .
tr	O	他告诉我他没有留意，并且他看起来也不是那么机灵。
tr	O	我想骂人，但是我不喜欢在妮可面前骂人。
tr	I	It scared him , and since then Finn had felt that feeling in all kinds of places .
tr	O	她以前当然生过我的气，并且她多年来的失望已经变得难以承受。
tr	O	我向苏西的父母问好，当洛蕾娜和我走向苏西的卧室时。
tr	O	安珀不敢看是谁站在那里，但是她确实听到了芬的声音。
tr	O	听到了一个诡异的笑声，但是那个人没有被看到。
tr	O	莉娜非常肯定那并非事实，但是尽管如此，她还是会留在伦敦。
tr	I	It made her forget the darkness , around her but it was a silly story .
tr	I	He nodded , and the healer 's silver eyes went to Jacques ' .
tr	O	房子吱呀作响，并且她吓得跳了起来。
tr	O	我在人流中搜寻着，但是艾米却不见踪影。
tr	O	他就是一切，并且你什么都不是。
tr	I	There 's pressure under my arms and Holder is yelling .
tr	I	Marcus smiled and I joked .
tr	O	莉斯详细询问过露安此事，并且露安终于承认那就像在空中隐形飞行。
tr	O	我回头看了一眼肖恩，想要跑回到他身边，但是却无法挣脱他们的束缚。
tr	O	一名摄影师开始拍照，并且一名警官开始拉起黄色犯罪现场警戒线。
tr	O	从那里向右走十英尺，并且那就是测试坑C。
tr	I	It was less now , but there still was some .
tr	I	I just held her , and she continued to cry .
tr	I	He was smiling at them warmly , and before them stood Gabriel the angel in heavenly splendor .
tr	O	她想问他此刻要去哪里，但是这想法只停留在她的脑海里。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure of who he was , but as we communicated , I felt like I knew him , knew his voice .
tr	I	Amy playfully pulled at Bill and they stepped into the shower .
tr	I	Your father is a man to be reckoned with in the modern world and your mother is of an ancient Exalted family .
tr	I	The vapor made her eyes water and Sarah forced herself to take a deep breath .
tr	O	他的叔叔前来搭救，但是那只是昙花一现，因为殖民地就玛莎·布莱克的债务施加了金钱压力。
tr	I	He didn 't quit but he was puffing hard .
tr	O	会员免费，并且欢迎随时加入。
tr	O	我尊重你，并且我尊重他们。
tr	O	我们吃完早餐一言不发，并且我们随后一起走了出去。
tr	O	他不记得自己何时入睡，但是醒来时她在他怀里却是一个惊喜。
tr	I	At this stage he was willing to let her set the parameters of their relationship , but he wasn 't happy about it .
tr	I	Now it did , yet something was troubling her ; sadness had never layered her voice before .
tr	O	事实上，他没有用力打我，但是我还是摔倒了。
tr	I	He would abide by them and they 'd set the parameters .
tr	O	太阳高悬头顶，并且当马尔万奔跑时，他意识到上午已经过去。
tr	O	我抓住了他的手，并且他把我从床上抱了起来，把我拉近他身边。
tr	O	一扇车门砰地关上了，并且狗指向屋里。
tr	I	His eyes nearly popped , and Matthew leaned closer to see .
tr	O	泰特离开后，妈妈想留下来，但是 我告诉她我们会没事的。
tr	I	It wasn 't good and he was going crazy .
tr	I	One of the men stepped out and the passenger door opened .
tr	I	Preston grabbed me by my hair , but I started to lunge after him .
tr	I	I won 't lose you to it , but I don 't doubt it .
tr	I	You yourself are swaying on your feet , and we have nearly foundered our horses trying to get here .
tr	I	Then I don 't know what happened , but he came to visit me at first .
tr	O	她将成为最棒的，并且她会找到办法找到他。
tr	O	他费尽心思为他们弄到票，并且她却在比赛还没过半的时候就离开了。
tr	O	她的喉咙因喊叫的剧烈而灼痛，但是仍然没有人来帮助她。
tr	O	我开始追赶她，但是一个飞盘打中了我的头侧。
tr	I	She didn 't acknowledge him , but when she saw him , he tipped his hat at her .
tr	O	我们失去的人在我脑海中闪现，并且我允许了它。
tr	I	His touch would make him the target , and the magic wanted to bleed someone , anyone .
tr	I	Those delicious lips pruned up like an old maid 's , and her eyes widened in shock .
tr	O	最终惠特尼会发现自己没有太多朋友，并且届时，他将第一次真正变得脆弱。
tr	I	None of you will leave the Section , and Bentley will stay with you .
tr	I	A second vine snatched the cane away , but he tried to beat it off with his cane .
tr	I	Their footsteps trailed away and the men laughed .
tr	I	He said he was fine , said he wasn 't hungry , but the nurse told Ethan that he should return to his room .
tr	I	Curiosity almost made her let him go first and what he had to say she could not imagine .
tr	O	他的笑容让她倒吸一口气，随着威胁消失，并且她看到了他实际上是多么英俊的男人。
tr	I	She would need her car whenever that happened , but she didn 't plan on leaving anytime soon .
tr	O	他以前试过，并且他惨败了。
tr	O	这种语言的某些东西抚慰了我，并且我希望它也能抚慰维奥莱特。
tr	I	He pinned her with a glare of his own and his lips tightened .
tr	O	你想要我，并且我想要你。
tr	O	我考虑过和辅导员谈论我的梦想，谈论如果可以的话我将如何在梦中生活，但是我从未提及。
tr	O	他那爱发牢骚的10岁孩子的声音惹恼了我，并且我只希望他别烦我。
tr	I	The paralysis seems permanent , but the bones are healing .
tr	I	I 'll need your Jeep , but I 'll leave you there .
tr	I	He was too tired to care , but she gave Eli a sour look .
tr	O	他脸上写着一个问题，但是我什么也没说。
tr	I	His expression grew hard , and he seemed to consider the matter for several moments , then he straightened .
tr	O	她意识边缘的嗡嗡声越来越响，并且她认出那是一架正在靠近的直升机。
tr	O	另一名士兵手持步枪冲出帐篷，但是一颗子弹击中了他的头部，在他造成任何伤害之前。
tr	O	我当时正走向俱乐部会所，想在休息时买杯汽水，并且我看到了整个过程。
tr	O	他指着那些照片，并且米切尔再次把它们举了起来。
tr	O	我们可以熬过这个夜晚，但是当新的一天到来时会发生什么呢？
tr	O	奥利维亚把腿缠在他的腰上，加深了这种感觉，并且随着亚历山大设定的节奏移动。
tr	I	He continued to study my face as he ate , but the interrogation had to stop when Charlie began chewing .
tr	O	一盏单独的石灯笼作为栏杆的一部分立着，并且一些布置雅致的植物点缀在角落。
tr	I	I tossed the thing into the fire and with a sudden twist of my hands all resistance ceased .
tr	O	她似乎隐约浸染着那种淡蓝色的光芒，但是她眉间那绺纯白的发丝却不苍白。
tr	I	She wouldn 't stay long , and she wouldn 't go alone .
tr	I	It 's the way things were , but this wasn 't fair .
tr	I	Then the old man took Paul 's , and Sofia took Master George 's hand .
tr	I	I do have to take into consideration al you have recently accomplished , but I 'm not sure it wil be enough .
tr	I	There was nothing he could say , but Archie opened his mouth to reply .
tr	O	他让他感到内疚，并且他得到了他想要的。
tr	I	He certainly had no recollection of it , but he must have breathed on the way .
tr	I	I can 't say the evening was a total bust , but I 'm sorry the ... um , employment didn 't work out .
tr	I	She spread the various charts over Renton 's desk , and Stephanie had a first cut at sorting the internet threads which Frank had referred to .
tr	I	He wanted to know the real story and the few facts available were incomplete .
tr	I	The rumors of his greatness could be heard to the farthest ends of the universe , but he had never personally met Anon .
tr	I	It was no longer any better here , but he emerged into the loft .
tr	O	我一开始不相信，但是现在我完全明白了。
tr	I	That doesn 't deter Layla from charging ahead , but my mom points the machine gun at Layla .
tr	O	你工作的时候，拉吉可以看着他，并且他会确保丹免受任何麻烦。
tr	I	Something made him wait , watch , not speak but when she did not respond , he opened his mouth to ask again .
tr	I	He slapped it against his chest and she tossed her ID at Kody .
tr	I	There is no place to hide her , but Blaze gets Fia up .
tr	O	热意涌上她的脸颊，但是她很高兴他注意到了。
tr	O	云层密布，并且月亮被完全遮住了。
tr	O	我特别感兴趣的是时空领域以及我们如何必须使其保持在正确的轨道上。
tr	O	航线已被改变，并且那以前从未发生过。
tr	I	I couldn 't do that , but I 'd been hired to do a job .
tr	I	Somehow that seemed very weird , and her fingernails were polished red .
tr	O	是的，我知道那是一厢情愿、天真的想法，但是任何选择都比没有选择好。
tr	I	Tom said he had thought of the same thing , and I mentioned my electronic brain idea .
tr	O	她没有要求这个，因为对她来说，时机不对，但是她能做到这一点的事实是我们心理契约的一部分。
tr	O	他的呼吸断断续续，并且然后终于，怒火开始从他脸上消退了。
tr	I	He 'd never experienced more than a few inches at one time , but his father had told him about great snow storms back in Scotland .
tr	I	Him sitting up , and we were side by side , me lying down .
tr	I	I can look at him freely and I take the moment to study him when his mind is elsewhere .
tr	I	He began to feel a weight pull down on him , but he finally got close .
tr	I	The restraints vanished from his arms , and he was struggling .
tr	I	He signs the word yes , and his eyes get all shimmery .
tr	O	你不是特工，并且你也不是女儿。
tr	I	It had something to do with the scene outside the ship and something was going on with those two .
tr	I	Wherever I was was silent as the grave , and the smell of smoke hung in the air .
tr	I	I quickly try to push it out and the name Matthew pops into my head .
tr	O	那是最轻柔的拉扯，并且当她条件反射地拉回来时，那股拉扯立刻停止了。
tr	O	电话挂断了，并且寂静笼罩了房间，每个人都陷入了自己的思绪中。
tr	I	This time was more difficult than the other two , but it was the third time she had navigated it .
tr	O	当加里颤抖时，格雷戈里眨了眨眼，并且幻象消失了。
tr	I	I couldn 't stop and I thought of my dad .
tr	I	He had found it hard to sleep with it on , but he should have been wearing the preserver all the time .
tr	O	他有一个计划，并且黑暗是一个关键要素。
tr	I	The Watchers had to contain it , blah , blah , blah , and there was exposure .
tr	I	I felt my insides melt at his words and Bryce leaned down to kiss me .
tr	I	It set her lips wobbling , and somehow she skipped a breath .
tr	I	My discomfort makes me bold , and I don 't like being confused .
tr	I	They were all taller than I , and it made the room seem oppressively crowded .
tr	I	I meant it , and I already apologized .
tr	O	这是一个小小的开始，但是这是一个好主意！
tr	O	戴克斯一生中的每一天都是独一无二的自己，并且他不在乎别人对此说什么。
tr	I	He shrugged defensively , and he glanced up to catch Deuce 's disbelieving eye .
tr	I	Company employ that he was not Joe Fortuna and he left it to them to break the news to the supposedly shocked Frist .
tr	I	The girls just stared back , undaunted , but Emma tried to give them the nastiest look she could .
tr	I	Samara turned to see the rifle barrel tapping on the glass and suddenly there was a knock at the side of his window .
tr	I	His drunken friend had mangled and I felt physically ill from all of the graphic descriptions of the bodies he .
tr	I	He 's dead serious , but I think he 's playing at first .
tr	O	我偶然看了一眼她的脸，并且恐惧显而易见。
tr	O	脑震荡抹去了我对创伤的记忆，并且事情就到此为止了。
tr	I	Save her ... and corrupt her .
tr	O	他曾无数次直面死亡，但是他从未如此恐惧过。
tr	I	They are going to ship some to us first thing in the morning and we have contacted the pharmaceutical company .
tr	O	他帅得让人心痛，让她对他毫无抵抗力，并且他温柔的目光击碎了她仅存的心防。
tr	I	She felt dizzy and her pulse quickened .
tr	O	这不是开启夜晚的最佳方式，并且等杰克来接她时，安娜已经紧张得一塌糊涂了。
tr	I	I asked him if he could tell me what courses Liz had been taking in her first graduate semester , but I know it 's not legal .
tr	I	Neither of you has openly acted on it , but your animosity toward each other has long existed .
tr	I	When Sophia saw me , she dropped a cup , and one day I 'd come down to breakfast smiling .
tr	I	He didn 't know how , but having inadvertently hurt him , Nick wanted to make Bubba feel better .
tr	O	他什么也没说，但是她也没指望他会说。
tr	I	He went wild and I showed it to Max .
tr	I	Chad collided with Marky , and the little beast dodged right .
tr	I	She was a joy to be around , and she had a bright , sunny personality .
tr	I	His arm wrapped around my chest , and then I felt him move behind me .
tr	I	Now she had a tiny baby in her arms , and Sheila had been heavily pregnant when she left .
tr	I	He held on tight , but she wriggled in his arms .
tr	I	She also didn 't pry but mom was concerned about this .
tr	I	I still don 't know if it 's true , but the thought has occurred to me many times over the years .
tr	I	I stepped inside and the doors opened .
tr	I	Gretchen saw movement , and another rock flew .
tr	O	有一个现出人形的男人站在船长身边，并且他转过身来。
tr	I	My initial reaction was disappointment , but I didn 't know exactly what to expect .
tr	O	遗憾的是他们现在没有时间了，并且他也不再上大学了。
tr	I	The boy was attractive and there was no-one around .
tr	O	艾米莉亚伸手去拿，但是无牙把手甩到身后。
tr	O	他把烟头弹过边缘，并且那点闪烁的橙色光芒也渐渐消失在视线中。
tr	I	He still looked pretty sick , and Jenn had said he wouldn 't be in all week .
tr	O	她手中的干扰器闪烁着狂野的光芒，并且有人痛苦地尖叫着。
tr	O	她开心地大叫，并且瑞克突然用手捂住她的嘴，让她安静下来。
tr	O	他打开厨房门时笑了笑，并且他们俩都赶紧进入温暖的地方。
tr	O	艾萨克的眼睛闪闪发光，并且他的脸颊微微泛红。
tr	O	这是纽约市一个寒冷的夜晚，并且下着雪。
tr	O	她向后靠，并且椅子在她身下塌了，吓了她一跳。
tr	I	They can run the quarter mile at over two hundred miles per hour in about four seconds , and the boats are killer .
tr	I	I 'd be phoning someone , anyone or I needed to get out of the house .
tr	O	它一开始什么也没感觉到，但是它还是来了。
tr	I	Nothing ominous materialized , and a week passed .
tr	O	士兵们没有把枪指着他，但是他们紧张地把枪准备好了。
tr	I	The time stretched out in slow motion , but the gorilla encounter had lasted only a handful of minutes .
tr	I	That 's where Julia went while he slept , but Elijah wants to go to the Pantheon .
tr	I	Jacy 's eyebrows rose slightly and suddenly the the stillness broke .
tr	I	I was excited to meet her in person and we had already talked on the phone several times .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything else , but Owen nodded .
tr	I	He still considered leaving the stables , but he sighed with relief when he saw no sign of one .
tr	I	She was sharp , but she was numb .
tr	I	They could not provide a true way of life for her , but they could offer shelter .
tr	O	一道削尖的木桩栅栏沿着河岸，并且一些浮码头延伸到水中。
tr	O	她点了点头，并且他十指交叉为她做了一个垫脚石。
tr	I	He deserved the truth , but Honesty always was .
tr	I	The sound of galloping hooves grew louder , and the dots turned into horses as they drew closer .
tr	O	她在笑，但是她的声音带着歇斯底里的音调。
tr	I	They both knew this was it and a heavy glance passed between them .
tr	I	I felt a familiar flutter begin to bloom deep in my pelvis , and my stomach muscles tightened .
tr	O	他蓝色的眼睛与我的相遇，并且它们充满了悲伤。
tr	O	她沉思片刻，想知道那些人知道什么，才能让他们的眼睛充满喜悦，并且她害怕自己可能永远也找不到它。
tr	O	她想相信他所说的话，但是他之前已经许下过太多承诺了。
tr	O	柯蒂斯对我咧嘴一笑，并且我虚弱地回以一笑。
tr	O	卡梅隆让丹尼尔不再提这个话题，但是他一整天都守口如瓶。
tr	O	我只是需要躺下，而且那正是我所做的。
tr	O	塞尔登想，那是个不错的点子，但是他突然怀念起太阳本身了。
tr	I	She was asking him for advice , not me , but I was supposed to be the man of the family .
tr	O	她穿着四英寸的罗伯特·克勒高跟鞋跑到桌边，并且它们在地板上发出咔嗒声。
tr	I	It was worse in a way really and this was a different feeling from that .
tr	O	他是瑞安，我的瑞安，而且我必须远离他。
tr	O	凯莉可以应付霍利迪的干预，但是她不能应付这个和她妈妈搞暧昧的蠢货的。
tr	O	我爸爸总是在吃早饭时看它，并且我很清楚不能碰它。
tr	I	You can give your butt a rest , and Ha ha , yes , nearly there .
tr	I	I started to get aroused , and that was the sexiest thing coming from her .
tr	I	Adela stepped in and the door opened .
tr	O	这是最好的选择，而且是我没想到的。
tr	I	Peter started in with the massage and I sat down .
tr	I	A Dom didn 't mean he could sit on his ass all day twiddling his thumbs and being a wealthy businessman .
tr	I	He arched his back , and I traced his spine with my finger .
tr	I	Sarah looked mortified at his lack of talent , and he found himself involuntarily dancing as he walked .
tr	O	她感到头晕目眩，并且她突然感到自己在下坠，这让她紧抓着他的腰。
tr	O	它让人们能够追求自己的梦想，而且她的梦想很昂贵。
tr	O	他缓慢而刻意的刀法并非一段不愉快的插曲，而是同样令人兴奋。
tr	O	来我家，并且我会给你做晚饭。
tr	O	他的手指敲击着桌面，并且他在座位上动了动。
tr	O	杜鹃正要因为杰登拿着她的笔记本而生气，但是她绝不会忘记这件事。
tr	I	Eventually she had him there , but something that wasn 't exactly easy to do , since he appeared to weigh a small ton .
tr	I	It won 't come out and it 's going in my pocket .
tr	I	I wanted to know everything about him , but we 'd been at it for hours .
tr	O	甘西不知道罗南刚才说了什么，但是他从罗南的坏笑中确定那并非完全礼貌。
tr	I	I turned my head away and he tilted his head ever so slowly toward me .
tr	O	他想起了他研究团队的其他成员，他们现在都死了，并且他握着操纵杆的手又收紧了。
tr	I	I still wrinkled my nose , but I 'd seen a lot of gross stuff in my day .
tr	I	They weren 't used to being away from them , and many men had families in town .
tr	I	She was gone , and one day I came home from work .
tr	I	I always kept hoping that , maybe , maybe , I 'd get reassigned to Greece , but I went to St. Petersburg instead .
tr	I	He hardly looked it , damn him , but he was nearly a decade older than her twenty-seven .
tr	O	痛苦在他的脸上显而易见，然而他似乎仍然坚定不移。
tr	I	A few minutes later I saw the purple from Meagan 's shirt and we trekked along the path as quickly as we could .
tr	I	I scanned the building , and my head whipped up .
tr	O	我有无数问题，但是我同时也很害怕。
tr	O	玛德琳不允许任何人将武器带进她的豪宅，但是香槟笛形杯的碎裂末端足以当一把刀。
tr	O	皮埃尔对他的船长提高了嗓门，并且他疑惑地扬起了黑眉。
tr	O	突然的失联让我分心，并且瞬间，我的身影消失了。
tr	I	I helped him , but at first I felt very strange , then I kind of got into it , then later I felt strange again .
tr	O	一旦地球人被迫离开他的藏身之处，他就会被一道强光吞没，并且追捕再次开始。
tr	O	我没有打算改变主意，但是我也实在不是受折磨的料。
tr	O	一条蛇沿着最近的树枝滑行，并且小小的亮绿色青蛙用圆圆的黑眼睛盯着。
tr	O	米奇点了点头，但是泥巴继续向上渗透到他的裤腿里。
tr	O	他短暂地闭上了眼睛，并且羞耻感涌上他的脸庞。
tr	O	你的爸爸非常非常爱你，但是他不能再照顾你了。
tr	I	I didn 't think he 'd do that to me , but Eric sure had some big blank moral blind spots .
tr	I	I mentally gagged and the parade filled the screen .
tr	O	她害怕再次走进去的念头，但是如果就业服务中心派他们来的话……吉姆确实需要帮助。
tr	O	她的手被绑着，并且他们俩都知道。
tr	I	She had no doubt they were from Austin , but there 'd been no notes , nothing .
tr	I	Then he asks for the paper Sean handed me , but they both disregard me after a few more questions .
tr	O	我那可怜的生命，如此痛苦地重建，并且一切都即将被摧毁。
tr	O	尽管莱帕德脾气粗暴，他们还是信任他，并且他们都喜欢他。
tr	I	A blindness crept in upon her , and then all at once the terrible yearning from the dream returned , her whole body shuddered .
tr	O	他跟着我走，并且我想抱抱他，因为他的脚步声很轻。
tr	I	I was determined to keep a clear head , but I longed for another pain pill that would kill it entirely .
tr	O	自从这场噩梦开始以来，这是我们第一次真正地互相看着对方，而且我感受到的不是愤怒，而是一种意想不到的渴望。
tr	O	加上他的声音，所以琪拉只是靠近他就感觉被吞噬了。
tr	I	I let out a relieved breath and all the email updates were good .
tr	I	He noticed her dimples and she gave him a warm smile .
tr	I	Her smile was wide , and her cheeks were a lovely pink .
tr	O	她的指甲擦过他的皮肤，并且一股电流沿着他的脊椎烧灼而下，让他挪动了身子。
tr	O	我试图挣脱，但是他收紧了手。
tr	O	今年圣诞节，他正在拍摄节日盛装的欧洲城市，而且他将离开几乎整个十二月。
tr	O	他起床的时候，可能打扰了她，而且这让热量侵入她的意识。
tr	I	That anger was growing fast with every second he was away from Jackie , and he was pissed .
tr	I	It was her turn and the fat lady left .
tr	O	他可以尖叫，并且她听不到他。
tr	I	Then you come along , but most people still think of them as just stories .
tr	I	I don 't want to , but I 'm moving away from them .
tr	O	肯在这里，并且梅格不在。
tr	O	她的僵硬感突然消失了，而且她贴近他，头转动着，让他更容易吸吮。
tr	I	The town was still quiet , and it was mid-morning , though .
tr	I	She was staring at me , and I looked over at Clare .
tr	I	Opening them sent light splashing into the room , but they were a bit shaky after seventeen years .
tr	O	我很生他的气，但是我不想让他死。
tr	I	The stairs begins to flood with them as they all rush hungrily after us , and the uncountable number of walkers is ever increasing .
tr	I	The waves of dark power around him faltered , and Henry 's voice broke .
tr	O	我戳了他的肋骨，并且他夸张地畏缩了一下。
tr	O	他抬头看她，此时他的手指静止了，音乐也停止了，但是哈文几乎没有注意到。
tr	O	在狭小的空间里，她能闻到他的古龙水味，并且她非常清楚他的靠近。
tr	I	His hair was plain brown and his skin was plain white .
tr	I	Colton could tell that he was staring directly at him , but his face was shrouded in darkness .
tr	O	她脸部的皮肤随着肿胀消退而变得松弛，并且她的眼睛终于能够完全睁开了。
tr	I	She knew she 'd find out soon , but Charlotte didn 't know how Jason would react .
tr	I	He was adamant that it was too dangerous to bother with and I talked to Dr. Whitney .
tr	I	She stood trembling , and the flames were out .
tr	O	蒸汽从怪物的身体上升起，并且空气中弥漫着腐烂烧焦的肉味。
tr	I	He didn 't show it , but Mr. Hall must be so proud of Grayson right now .
tr	O	我只知道真正站在他面前的女孩是戴安娜，但是与卡森对峙的原因却不得而知。
tr	I	I know I didn 't alert the police and there are three of us in on it .
tr	O	有些人比其他人待得更久，但是我比所有人都坚持得更久。
tr	O	他的脖子上系着一条红围巾，并且围巾的两端在强风中剧烈舞动。
tr	O	他的兄弟有权提出疑问，并且他需要保证兰德这次不会让他失望。
tr	O	她的头发比我上次见到她时稍长了一些，并且盘成了发髻。
tr	O	他喜欢听她的声音，并且尽管他们的处境很奇怪，她还是抚慰了他的神经。
tr	I	She 's fearful of Black , but Mel isn 't afraid of anyone .
tr	O	我帮助了他的一个朋友，并且现在他愿意给我一个机会。
tr	I	I shivered for it , and I heard the anger there .
tr	I	Talon asked him how he achieved it , and it was a miracle of an accomplishment .
tr	O	孩子们告诉了他们的父母，也告诉了警察，但是没人相信他们。
tr	I	She couldn 't defer them and their school expenses were legitimate .
tr	O	奥斯汀点了点头，并且他消失在他的房间里，关上了身后的门。
tr	O	那是一个可怕的两难困境，并且它经常发生。
tr	O	当她犹豫着是否接受时，数字跳动了，并且手机震动起来，告知她这一变化。
tr	O	每个人都环顾四周，等待有人迈出第一步，并且没人敢与我对视。
tr	O	弗格斯照做了，并且迈伦解释道。
tr	I	He didn 't want to hear it , and he didn 't want to think it .
tr	O	她咬着嘴唇，反复思量着，并且接着她的目光锁定在卢克身上。
tr	I	Life goes back to normal and you only have to change once .
tr	I	Yet he wanted a few more seconds of silence to let this sink in and David wasn 't surprised .
tr	I	It was too late but Roku ran at them .
tr	I	I 've been able to increase prices and over time I 've accumulated a loyal clientele .
tr	O	平静几乎立刻消退了，并且怒火又涌了上来。
tr	I	I was happy that they were , and they were there for me .
tr	I	I thanked him with my usual smile and the smoking pizzas smelt so good .
tr	I	She nodded and her lips made a thin line .
tr	I	He couldn 't stand the idea of becoming like that , and he seemed convinced that his own father had never wanted them .
tr	O	她年轻的时候没那么在意，并且她需要提升一下她的自尊心。
tr	I	Twice their heavy truck had to be ferried across rivers by barge , and few bridges remained intact .
tr	O	另一个人跳上了绳子，并且它像钟摆一样摆动起来。
tr	O	他声称我在做噩梦，并且他只是在那里帮助我。
tr	O	她的笑声变成了哼声，并且她屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	我们已经爬进了云层，并且地面从视野中消失了。
tr	I	He jumped back in shock and something in the net shifted .
tr	O	我用鲜血说话，并且她回应了。
tr	O	没有人争论，并且没有人试图阻止我们。
tr	I	No further evidence is needful and dispositions by King Richard were specifically revoked by King Henry .
tr	O	如果她的丈夫在这里会更容易，但是这名军人却在海外失踪了。
tr	O	他离开的时候想给她打电话，但是他不确定自己的沮丧程度是否能承受远程沟通。
tr	I	He was still not laughing but I tried to joke around .
tr	I	You set up the theft , and I haven 't assaulted anyone .
tr	O	我知道自己的确切体重（102磅），但是我不会透露我在乎。
tr	O	她全身的重量压在他身上，并且她没有做出任何抵抗的举动。
tr	I	I enfold my arms around him and he starts to unbutton his shirt .
tr	O	我会问，并且你会回答。
tr	I	The sight of it melted the shell of pain that had surrounded my heart for so many days now , and his smile turned into something real .
tr	O	她必须说服他，或者一切都会失去。
tr	O	进入三月，Riot的收视率正在逼近Burn，并且互联网宣称Revolution Wrestling是该行业的未来。
tr	I	I took pride in the fact that they were also afraid of us , but they may be kicking our asses .
tr	I	It 's one of the best in the country and it 's about an hour from here .
tr	I	I 'll never be able to get him the care he needs , but I make monthly payments .
tr	O	在最后一刻，墙壁变成了一扇通往外界的门，并且一阵风把德斯蒙德稀疏的金发吹得乱七八糟。
tr	I	I thought he might , too and I needed time alone to sort out my emotions .
tr	I	His eyes are pleading and I turn .
tr	I	Michaels could see several heavy rings adorning his fingers , and he was a large black man , bald , wearing an elegant pinstripe suit .
tr	I	They were so good , and they were the future .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁开了，并且她发现自己躺在房间另一边的地板上。
tr	I	I felt the somber pall hanging over the campus , and the words spoken meant something .
tr	I	I 've got to tell you a guy couldn 't go wrong picking either and I looked at both the lovely creatures of boyhood fantasy .
tr	I	I got to my feet , but disappointment touched me .
tr	O	窗户里的眼睛看起来是那么熟悉……，但是艾米丽强迫自己相信那只是她的想象。
tr	O	思考负面想法，所以它们就会发生。
tr	I	That had just been rough foreplay but she 'd nipped him during sex .
tr	O	再有这种荒谬的争吵，所以他将不得不从垃圾堆里找回他的尊严。
tr	I	I needed to look for him and he wrote them down in case Cyril .
tr	O	他仰面倒下，并且我跪了下来。
tr	O	他以前很喜欢她丰满的曲线，但是这个更纤细的版本有它自己的魅力。
tr	I	In the background was the lodge that we 'd stayed at , and her smile was so full .
tr	I	He never made any moves on her back then , and they only went out on a few dates in college .
tr	I	I squeezed hers as much as I dared , and I felt her hand slip into mine .
tr	O	他指向北边的出口匝道，并且艾萨克点了点头。
tr	O	它们没什么特别的，但是它们是我的，该死的。
tr	I	Davion set the box down , and Father Corin bowed his head .
tr	O	又传来一声可怕的咕噜声，并且莎伊故意转过头去。
tr	I	It made her squirm and she let herself process the statement .
tr	O	他以为自己知道得更多，但是却要实际教他们这些吗？
tr	O	我不是医生，但是我从未见过有人流那么多血。
tr	I	Before they gave you such an awful sentence , he wouldn 't have , but he killed himself .
tr	O	我一直知道我可能会继续下去，但是我想那会是一晚在这儿，一晚在那儿。
tr	O	罗姆在他父亲的家里大声说出了那个“H”字眼，并且当着他全家人的面说了出来。
tr	O	你不能再让你叔叔和他的女友伤害你了。
tr	I	She didn 't run , and my secret was out .
tr	I	You 're not safe and Jane 's not stable .
tr	I	She was laughing by the time they reached Brennan 's Jetta , and the medicine really worked .
tr	I	She still wakes up , peering up at me with bleary eyes , but I lay her down on her mattress as gently as I can .
tr	O	防护服的头盔遮住了我们的身份，并且我很高兴看到生命支持系统几乎充满电了。
tr	O	他开始站起来，但是我把他拉了下来。
tr	O	我摇了摇头，并且他笑了。
tr	O	市长的电话又响了，并且他迅速接了电话。
tr	O	中间那个是最大的，并且那里是排队的地方。
tr	O	达伦的父母转身面对他，并且丹妮鼓励性地握了握他的手。
tr	O	他们会挨饿，并且他将无法像过去几个月他们在黑暗中低语的计划那样供养她。
tr	O	我是布莱恩·罗伊斯警长，但是几乎所有人都因为某种奇怪的原因叫我“劳斯”。
tr	O	内部很暗，并且有一会儿，在巨大宴会厅枝形吊灯的炫目光芒之后，她因缺乏光照而失明了。
tr	O	她的眼睛闪着怒火，但是她还是让他协助她走完剩下的路。
tr	I	Droplets of blood spewed forth in a misty cloud , and the man 's head snapped languidly back .
tr	O	那会让我很忙，并且我不会孤单。
tr	I	The fishnet tights , and she put in her one skirt , along with the shoes that matched it .
tr	O	他们之间从未有过任何火花，但是斯特凡并不知道。
tr	O	听到这个承认，她的脸颊发烫，但是她绝对不会让他走出餐馆。
tr	I	After being involved in several attacks they were now calmer , but previously , they were afraid that he might have committed suicide .
tr	O	这种勇气对他来说是全新的，并且他不想让它停止。
tr	I	Her chains rattled loudly through the room , and she put a hand on her hip .
tr	O	这是最后一个了，弗雷德，但是我必须和你一起上去。
tr	O	莎莉说，并且托尼呻吟了一声。
tr	I	She ignored him , but Finn glared at her .
tr	I	Their skeins of slime looked slippery , but the rocks didn 't look sharp .
tr	O	这种渴望会随着时间消逝，并且你会将那段经历视为一场噩梦而已。
tr	I	I 'll have to suffer through another desolate month , and I have this nagging fear that you 'll run away from me again .
tr	I	He has yet to utter his first word , and we 've been hanging out for ten minutes .
tr	I	Mostly it was a deep black , but occasionally his aura would flash yellow .
tr	I	Mostly he was stealing sideways glances at her , but he pretended to be looking at the falls .
tr	O	我希望你理解，并且我需要你的原谅。
tr	O	这真是个大麻烦，并且我们需要把它交给警察去查明。
tr	I	The man finally went away , and they mumbled their affirmative responses .
tr	O	甚至我妈妈都爱他，而且她是一个难以取悦的人。
tr	I	The only thing I could think of was your memory and there had to be a price paid for a miracle .
tr	I	They are not stupid , but those wraiths maybe dead .
tr	I	I 'm heading out either way , but we 'll wait until tomorrow to see if we can get confirmation of where Wren is .
tr	O	术语很多，但是没有严格的词汇。
tr	O	他的手伸到她的脖子上，并且他在那里抚摸她。
tr	I	There was no way I was going to let Griffin take this choice away from him but Sean looked surprised .
tr	O	水比我喜欢的要冷，但是我一直不被允许说话。
tr	O	女巫的头发着火了，并且那个女人在跌跌撞撞后退时尖叫起来。
tr	I	I can 't bear its weight with my right yet , but the gun feels unfamiliar in my left hand .
tr	O	经过的第一组对他来说太年轻了，他甚至不值得尝试，并且他挣扎着重新站到左脚上。
tr	I	Right now he just wanted to hold her , but another time he would kiss her all over .
tr	O	船向下倾斜了，并且佐克大叫起来，因为他们险些错过了一个巨大的珊瑚群。
tr	O	希尔迪没有详细说明原因，但是她不需要。
tr	O	他想要什么，他就拿走C，并且他通常想要最好的东西。
tr	O	他一直都在工作，并且我从未见过他与任何人在一起。
tr	I	I was trying to process it and he was letting all the information set in .
tr	I	Mother called her a lying little bitch , and when they got home , Ashley told Mother what happened .
tr	I	Her expression had already given it away , but she flushed , wanting to deny it .
tr	O	他们每晚继续睡在科尔的床上，但是除了拥抱之外，没有任何身体接触发生过。
tr	I	Tony loved me , and I loved Tony .
tr	I	Reyes tried to kill himself enough already and her tragic voice could drive any man to suicide .
tr	O	那天很明亮，并且托比知道他迈步穿过一望无际的无色雪堆时，显得十分严肃。
tr	O	我开始跟着他，但是他似乎消失了。
tr	O	我对她的请求有点恼火，但是我照办了。
tr	O	我本来希望在必须解释之前能再多一点时间，但是我猜想这注定不会发生。
tr	I	She took it without remembering that it wasn 't a good idea to touch him and he held out a hand .
tr	I	Their minds continued to struggle against it , to refuse the reality of it , but that pain was only beginning to hit them .
tr	O	奥利弗也曾试图告诉她她身上有什么特别之处，而且她却把他敷衍过去了。
tr	I	The urge inside him burned and he looked at her .
tr	I	He breathes out , hard , and I bite my lip briefly .
tr	O	我全心全意地爱着他，但是他爱我却很犹豫。
tr	O	再过几米，并且她就到家了。
tr	I	I regretted asking him and Victor grew a little tense .
tr	I	Jessie never bothered me , but I cried myself to sleep that night .
tr	O	开车后的第二个半小时让她的心情好了一些，但是她的话语仍然不比疲惫的耳语更有分量。
tr	I	My chin jerked up and several shots boomed .
tr	I	I even missed hanging out with Mitch , and it was hard to pretend like there was nothing between us .
tr	I	She took all of him and he plunged .
tr	I	The threat of rain had Gwen wondering where Neil was and it didn 't help that the wind had kicked up .
tr	O	弗兰基也同意了，因为她的家人不在州内，并且她也没有做任何计划。
tr	I	No one had been home , but they 'd gone there first .
tr	O	冲击在他的手臂上产生了震动，并且阳光照射在他光裸的肩膀上，在松树提供不了多少遮蔽的小树林里。
tr	O	大唐恩帮助贝蒂挤回那扇巨大金属门的窗户，并且新的火把供应给她了。
tr	I	She was rooted to the spot , but she needed to get out of here .
tr	I	She keeps hurting , and the hits keep coming .
tr	I	Rina rose , following him to the door and Norton scrambled to his feet .
tr	O	我当时想说，但是我的头发是蓝色的！
tr	O	我的手机立刻又响了，但是这次我没有理会。
tr	O	我觉得我应该邀请他来过圣诞节，但是因为发生了其他事情，这事就忘了。
tr	O	幻象摇晃起来，并且我屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	Eve didn 't chalk that up to naivete as she did with most pious people , yet he clearly found strength in being devout .
tr	O	常春藤倒向一边，并且罗斯抓起一个枕头，放在婴儿旁边。
tr	O	鸡皮疙瘩爬满了她的皮肤，因为她否认了想抽离的冲动，并且他巨大的肺部充满了空气。
tr	I	Their strikes were mortal , but they seemed possessed as they showed no mercy .
tr	O	他以为他看到她退缩了，但是她很快就通过不屑地一甩头来掩饰。
tr	I	I have to save her , and if I freak out now , I 'll never make it to her .
tr	I	The truth was , he could have the place cleaned up much faster without their help , and they could not argue with William .
tr	O	她没有被他透露的事情困扰，但是她完成后睡不着。
tr	I	Her eyes almost glowed in the darkness and she hesitated .
tr	I	Now he was moving in for the kill and Pierce had bewitched her with his caresses .
tr	I	Like Reyes 's , it was an ugly sound , and Danika laughed .
tr	O	面对一项谋杀指控，但是随后又炫耀多起绑架：相当令人困惑。
tr	I	He 'd come after her anyway , and she 'd left him .
tr	I	He fluttered his eyelids , and his mouth dropped open .
tr	O	我的手从他的脖子上松开了，并且我用它们遮住了我的脸。
tr	O	我叔叔打了个响指，并且Boo蹒跚着走上山。
tr	O	小手们在他的身体上寻找魔术的线索，但是什么也没找到。
tr	O	我的大部分精力都集中在保持站立上，并且我只是半心半意地听她说话。
tr	I	I was in love and one look into his dark sensuous eyes .
tr	I	Rather than kill you , I promise you will live for a very long time , and you are banished from this place .
tr	I	He nods , and I ask .
tr	I	She 'd worried about each one of them for days afterward , and she 'd had too many cancellations to count .
tr	O	悬崖比第一个更大，但是他们一开始没有看到通往另一条隧道的入口。
tr	O	可以看到更多的人在里面走动，并且音乐正在播放，然后它就消失了。
tr	I	My heart stopped , and I read the small embossed name on the card .
tr	I	Edwin felt the floor tremble , and Thunder rumbled through the building .
tr	I	I did want to keep her close for the time being but I wasn 't quite ready for a long-term relationship with the woman .
tr	O	你的心会停止跳动，并且你会失去意识。
tr	O	他是我的一个版本，但是他看起来却如此不同。
tr	O	她的脸被放大到雪佛兰汽车那么大，她脸上的每一个瑕疵都应该显而易见，但是她却没有任何瑕疵。
tr	O	他们的婚姻是包办的，但是他们成功经营了。
tr	O	他的手伸着，并且他正在向她招手。
tr	O	他伸手去抓她，但是她推开了他的手。
tr	O	他的声音里带着绝望，并且那是真实的。
tr	I	He has a legal right to do so and the man was visiting the old cemetery .
tr	O	他稍微整理了一下，并且阿卡西亚咯咯地笑了。
tr	I	Just as all was in readiness , I had a sudden premonition , and I was there as well .
tr	I	Blood pooling around her on the carpet , and the sight of Augusta 's body going limp .
tr	I	Joseph 's brothers betraying him , and I 'm talking about the betrayal of the God 's very first children , if you remember .
tr	O	他承认他的表兄弟们偶尔会借他的拖车，但是他从未怀疑它被用于非法用途。
tr	I	He beat again me for lying , and in the end I told him what Mr Browning did .
tr	O	他有点年轻，但是除此之外，我一无所知。
tr	I	Violet sipped it , and Bastian slid a hot cup of coffee across the pickup area .
tr	O	他打破了我内心的某些东西，并且我不想他再碰我了。
tr	I	Things always changed in this world , but he knew Isaac loved her , had even been prepared to transform her himself .
tr	I	Now she saw it was something more , but she had thought it for some moments a range of black mountains .
tr	O	她肩膀上感到一阵剧痛，但是没有时间去担心。
tr	I	He writhed away from her , his body jerking , but she reached to press the tip to his skin .
tr	O	她应该会害怕将自己的命运与他的命运联系在一起，但是她只感到惊奇。
tr	I	A toilet break is sometimes a girl 's best friend and I had to escape .
tr	I	She was fighting herself , as much as she was fighting him but she still wanted him .
tr	I	When she found him in their computer , I caught my breath , and the woman working there looked it up .
tr	I	It matched her mood , and the storm had arrived .
tr	I	That 's been the problem all along , and the two of them are so different .
tr	I	She probably never thought she could ever belong again , and Jenny had lost so much in her young life .
tr	O	没有任何光线从门进来，并且没有任何窗户能让南加州的阳光照进来。
tr	O	他知道自己在做什么，但是他的英语不是很好。
tr	I	Nothing mattered anymore , and Shannon was gone .
tr	I	The back of her neck was beet red , and her curly hair was pulled up .
tr	O	瑞秋需要她转过身来，这样她就能看到她的脸，但是尤其是她的眼睛。
tr	I	Someone had fired a shot in his direction , but he wasn 't sure if he believed Joshua .
tr	O	我的心仍在耳边砰砰直跳，并且我似乎无法理清思绪。
tr	O	天气变得恶劣起来，并且他们需要在下雨之前进屋。
tr	I	He returned the embrace , and I hugged him tightly .
tr	I	This wasn 't going to be the first , and * George Mitchell wasn 't someone who embraced the ordinary things in life .
tr	O	我已经很喜欢它了，并且我们甚至还没开始。
tr	O	我暂时还看不到它，但是它正在到来。
tr	O	她强迫自己专注于室内花园的香气，同时整理花瓶，但是这很困难。
tr	O	一年过去了，而且我妈妈仍然不肯听那个。
tr	O	突然大家站起来，并且我们转身看着帕克走过过道，手里捧着一把野花。
tr	I	She barely noticed you , and you were in love with her .
tr	O	窗户是深色的，但是驾驶员一侧略微放低，使得一个男人的头顶可见。
tr	O	她脸色苍白，而且她眼睛下方有黑眼圈。
tr	I	One Jenny didn 't want , and it was an appalling intimacy .
tr	O	灰蒙蒙厚重的天空预示着不好的事情，并且一股恼人的风刮起了尘卷风。
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to hear it , but by noon , she was ready to concede she 'd misjudged him .
tr	I	Stuart had failed to see it , and that was what was needed now .
tr	O	当我按下电源键时，他的手机亮了，并且他已经把一张照片设为背景了。
tr	O	这让我听起来像我自己的妈妈，并且我说出来的时候不得不忍住不笑。
tr	I	She vowed in her head that she would always , always remember that and no matter how he behaved sometimes , there was only King Callum .
tr	I	I 'd been an easy target and he knew how to manipulate people .
tr	O	紧张感遍布我的全身，并且我的神经绷紧到了极限。
tr	O	这一击使得J的胳膊血肉模糊，并且他只好用右手紧紧抓住它，以防散开。
tr	I	She brushed it aside , but the thought worried her .
tr	I	It could be worse , but we 're not exactly living large .
tr	O	我转身要走，但是这时我突然想到。
tr	I	I took my position on the right side of the plate , and Rico squatted behind me .
tr	I	She can 't hear me , of course , but I try to call after her .
tr	O	他什么都没期待，并且什么都没有。
tr	I	Still no reply came back to him , but all the while , the fat man called for his Jack Russell .
tr	O	她没有回答，并且我从椅子上站起来。
tr	I	She was powerless to pull away as the heat of his touch seeped under her skin , and he reached for her hand .
tr	I	I was alright but my face stung .
tr	I	He couldn 't help it , but he knew it was stupid .
tr	O	男孩们回到了他们的社区，并且他们相当兴奋。
tr	I	Then finally spoke , and Chase was quiet for a long time .
tr	I	For a moment he almost looked like a different person , and the barrier that had been there all this time was gone .
tr	O	哈桑有风险，但是我需要现金。
tr	O	我能感觉到我的心跳得很吃力，并且我知道我的时间不多了。
tr	O	最初的几枪离敞篷车还很远，但是那并没有阻止棕色狼群低头。
tr	O	我想说话，但是我的脑子一片空白。
tr	O	埃里克结实而炽热的手滑过伊奥娜的背，并且她闻到他的狂热正在升腾。
tr	O	他演示，并且她模仿。
tr	I	Her questions becoming trite , and Alex realized her answers were short .
tr	I	I could hear his rapid heartbeat , a mirror for my own , and my head lay against his chest .
tr	I	She tried to lay as still as possible against him , and Maddie 's heart melted .
tr	I	Under his watchful gaze the fabric altered itself and he murmured a few words .
tr	O	随着他的心被松开，他突然大叫起来，并且空气充满了他的肺。
tr	I	Yet she felt some strange connection to him and it was so strange to be this intimate with a man she didn 't know .
tr	I	You need to learn to trust that you 're worthy of that love , and it 's a special gift .
tr	O	那些霓虹灯照亮了她的一举一动，并且她粗重的喘息声在她耳中如同鼓点。
tr	O	我头痛得厉害，无法分辨，但是我想一声巨大的呻吟从我口中逸出。
tr	I	He slumps sideways , and it connects with a sickening crack .
tr	O	低沉的呻吟从我喉咙里发出，但是没有形成任何词语。
tr	I	He was still weird sometimes , but he might not be the Gideon from my nightmare .
tr	I	I have tuned out , but I 'm distantly aware of the music .
tr	O	亨利埃塔僵住了，并且他不得不重复他的问题，她才结结巴巴地说出‘不’。
tr	I	I didn 't but I wanted to say ' look here I guess he doesn 't think of me as slumming it ' .
tr	O	他总是惹麻烦，而且我总是设法帮他摆脱麻烦。
tr	I	Instead he stretches his arms above his head , but he sits up like he 's ready to go .
tr	O	家具有点旧，但是我们目前先凑合用吧。
tr	O	他的目光紧盯着下方，并且当伊奥娜看到时，她也静止了。
tr	O	你对她没有权力，而且你对我也没有。
tr	I	Wealth was only part of what he sought , but he was quickly amassing more money than he 'd be able to spend in ten lifetimes .
tr	O	他员工的冷漠不应该困扰我，但是它困扰了我。
tr	O	我张开嘴想为自己辩护，但是什么也没说出来。
tr	O	巴黎本会知道，但是巴黎不在这里。
tr	O	我没有什么可补充的了，而且我感到她的手伸向我的手。
tr	O	艾斯把车开进便利店，而且科里跳下车。
tr	I	The hard knots in his belly began to relax and he heard the soft teasing note in her voice .
tr	I	He smiled warmly , and the attorney looked from Rich to Jamie .
tr	I	He was pointing a gun at Jermaine , but Prue didn 't know what happened next .
tr	I	He was as good as dead , but he might have been sitting next to him on the dock .
tr	I	They agree and I discussed it with a couple of , um , friends .
tr	O	他为此相当自豪，而且他保留了那个曾划伤他脸部的敌人的一个耳朵作为纪念。
tr	I	In that room , I could think of nothing , but I was a man who liked to think .
tr	I	He had no answers , but how much time had slipped by him , he wondered .
tr	I	She gave a small nod , but she didn 't look at me .
tr	I	Trying very hard not to show it and * * * * * Colin was quietly furious .
tr	I	My trips were always hard on the family , and I already traveled extensively for my work , doing book tours two to three months a year .
tr	O	树叶的阴影使我无法确定谁坐在驾驶座上，但是里面肯定有人。
tr	I	He didn 't , but it would 've been easier if Brad had come with a delivery later in the week .
tr	I	Robert was looking at Maryse , but he tried to catch his eye now .
tr	O	她正在把通风口盖板重新拧回去，而且她起身通过猫眼往外看。
tr	O	我看着拉乌尔，并且我享受着这一刻。
tr	O	我内衣的下摆从短裤中散开了，而且我悲伤地扯了扯一片蕾丝。
tr	I	I had to settle for pinning him up against the wall , and the bastard was strong , though .
tr	I	He still had his own hand on my wrist , but I drew my hand away from him .
tr	I	Vee had stealthily slid a copy of US Weekly into hers , but our textbooks were open on the black granite table in front of us .
tr	I	They too carried a young prisoner between them and the vampires were in a group of four .
tr	O	这与我以前见过的任何东西都不同，并且肯定与我在吸血鬼领域见过的任何东西都不同。
tr	I	You die or No misses .
tr	O	伤口没有血，并且立刻就合上了。
tr	I	I flinched , and then it went off , loud in my head .
tr	I	His calculating mind began processing it carefully , deciding whether he had room for it within his intellect , and it was a new mood .
tr	O	关于瑞德的念头袭来，但是卢卡斯开口了。
tr	I	She saw his eyes widen behind his visor , and the sergeant held them up to the light .
tr	I	I hugged her , and she started crying .
tr	O	我的手指因投掷的力量而发麻，但是感觉很好。
tr	I	Then let out a short laugh and I gaped at him .
tr	O	我以为她以前就已经老了，但是与现在相比根本不算什么。
tr	I	I waved him off , but he dug out his wallet .
tr	O	她的嘴巴发干，并且她的胃部肌肉紧绷。
tr	I	They were pages apart , but you would 've thought the two would be near each other in the book .
tr	O	我的手臂上插着一根针，并且我眯着眼睛看着我的血液流入袋中。
tr	O	牧羊犬立刻向右跳去，但是它离边缘太近了。
tr	O	女孩们偶尔也试图让他加入舞蹈队，但是他似乎拒绝了所有人。
tr	I	I swore if I didn 't stop crying soon I was going to drown us both , and that seemed to open the floodgates once again .
tr	I	Tonight he would make a rhubarb fool , and Irene had taught Kenny how to cook .
tr	I	My mind began to relax a little and this thought comforted me somewhat .
tr	O	我眼前闪过一个不祥预感的惊人画面，并且在我来得及将碎片拼凑起来之前，一切都太迟了。
tr	O	他带着那孩子气的笑容转向我，并且差点摔倒。
tr	O	她带着她的速写本，而且我带了一本书。
tr	O	头顶的灯亮了，而且我第一次看到了那个人。
tr	O	当我们走进前门时，格雷格指示我抬起独轮车的前部，并且我们把它搬上楼。
tr	I	I wanted to bolt and I was trembling head-to-toe .
tr	O	她总是努力忽视她所有的言语，但是那一直都很难。
tr	I	He really couldn 't help it now , but Seth tried not to dwell on it too much .
tr	I	Tully closed her eyes , and he bent lower .
tr	O	他深吸了一口气，并且新鲜的氧气冲过他的太阳穴。
tr	I	Sharing her deepest darkest fantasies with Will , her closest friend , hadn 't seemed wrong at the time , and she didn 't have many girlfriends .
tr	O	她自从史蒂文去世后，对任何男人都提不起丝毫兴趣，并且她也没指望会对肖恩产生任何感觉。
tr	O	恐慌涌上她的喉咙，并且她紧紧地闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	我会试着把它缩小到具体是哪一个，但是我有很多了，所以没必要。
tr	I	She must wait for that to happen , but he said it could be some time before the German police came to see her .
tr	O	我摇了摇头，但是我无法阻止自己咧嘴笑。
tr	I	My dancing was fortunately much better than my bridge playing and when we arrived at the dance I had the pick of any partner .
tr	O	吻终于结束了，并且托什看着手中已经压扁的槲寄生。
tr	I	We exit the back door of the house to see her rising from her tulip garden and I hear my mother shout from the backyard .
tr	I	My phone began to ring but as I grabbed my phone , I prepared to call Arnold .
tr	O	然后她的嘴唇抽动了一下，并且她的眼睛也眯了起来。
tr	O	电视关着，并且床看起来是空的。
tr	I	Still , she wasn 't as passionate as Troilus was , but she 'd uprooted her life to work with these horses .
tr	I	Noah got the impression she didn 't really see her , but she glanced at Addy .
tr	I	I knew I had hit on a nerve , and something flickered in her eyes .
tr	O	当他张着嘴时，一股冰冷的呼吸如幻影般逸出，并且他不再动弹。
tr	O	她的眼中带着奇异的神色，并且她白皙的皮肤变得苍白。
tr	O	佩特以前曾冒着与他的特工合作的风险，但是从未有过这样的情况。
tr	O	他的手深深地插在大衣口袋里，并且他戴着一顶棒球帽，帽檐压得很低。
tr	O	托尼，我还不清楚你经历了什么，但是我 M知道那一定很糟糕。
tr	I	One at a time , the leather straps sliced down , ripping into the horse , and the four men drew their whips up .
tr	O	把它们弄湿一点，并且它们会膨胀，变得防水。
tr	I	Really , I just miss you , Ivy , but I know you think I 'm mad that you left .
tr	O	一个简单的干扰就能让吉妮失去控制，并且围绕在他们周围的保护壳就会消失。
tr	O	马桶冲水了，并且我们俩都分开了。
tr	O	他举起了他的盾牌，并且四支致命的箭矢已经嵌入木头中。
tr	O	我大步走向门口，但是他又抓住了我的手臂。
tr	O	你学会使用刀具的速度甚至更快，并且在与马龙的战斗中表现完美。
tr	O	要是她的就好了，但是她父亲一直忙着和他的赌友们在一起。
tr	O	我今天已经见过够多的隧道了，并且我已经厌倦它们了。
tr	O	接着时区左右摇晃，适应着溜冰鞋，并且MO像被猎豹追赶的瞪羚一样跳来跳去。
tr	O	她稍微踉跄了一下，并且他抓住了她。
tr	O	他们又玩了一局，并且斯特凡把那二十块钱还了回去。
tr	O	队伍向前移动了，并且两个咯咯笑着的女孩走过莉亚身边走向出口。
tr	I	Every night we 'd continue the ritual , and every night she came into my room .
tr	O	昨晚，弗兰克向他的女朋友梅洛抱怨那项特殊任务，而且她只是笑了笑。
tr	O	每天晚上，她都惊恐地从这个男人身边跑开，而且她当然从未想过会在她的店里见到他。
tr	O	旗帜落下，并且洛克便开始行动，刀片飞舞，与对手搏斗。
tr	O	这并没有改变我的立场，但是我知道我反应过度了。
tr	O	黑暗似乎吞噬了暴风，并且一切都变得安静了。
tr	I	I froze in place , and just then I heard a tap on my window .
tr	I	When he got it , he slid easily into her heat and he kissed her , demanding a response .
tr	I	I took a step back , worried he was going to kiss me again , and my heels felt wobbly .
tr	O	那里的图书馆藏书丰富，他从家里绝不可能接触到，而且它们对所有患者免费开放。
tr	I	Jimbo let go of the gun , and two sharp kicks to the face .
tr	O	欧文安心地握了握我的手，而且我对他露出了一个紧张的笑容。
tr	O	他没有动，但是他的表情却让我震惊。
tr	O	领口深至腰部，远离精致的插肩袖，并且恰好遮盖住以保持一丝庄重。
tr	O	葬礼在凤凰城举行，并且玛丽迫不及待地想回家。
tr	I	I let him kiss my hand , and he swept me a bow .
tr	I	I know my brother too well , but he 's trying to hide it .
tr	O	他的思绪似乎很混乱，或者他还没有提及一些缺失的部分。
tr	I	He went by me and it was easy enough to dodge the amateurish attack .
tr	O	查克过了一段时间才继续前进，但是他最终还是做到了。
tr	O	她的目光垂下，并且她的脸颊变暗了。
tr	O	我伸出手与他握手，并且他握住它，微笑着看着我的眼睛。
tr	I	He seems really worked up but usually people 's inner voices are rather calm .
tr	O	他们最终去了Putt Putt，一个迷你高尔夫中心，并且谢尔比认为还有更糟的方式来度过一个下午。
tr	I	Nick complained enough for both of them , but Allie refused to admit how terrified she was by the climb .
tr	I	Even thinking about it with the phone in my hand is terrifying , but I want to call Quinton .
tr	O	旁边有一张纸条，但是我却无法阅读它。
tr	O	我没仔细看，但是那个人是威尔科的可能性有多大呢？
tr	O	他的声音又高了起来，并且他把她的脚从地上抬了起来，猛烈地摇晃着她。
tr	O	我心惊胆战地跑着，但是我在前面。
tr	I	She wasn 't going to allow me yet and I really needed to fuck her .
tr	O	我需要挣脱...尽可能地跑远，但是他的手臂环住了我的肩膀。
tr	O	夏洛特抓住了我的手臂，但是我把她赶走了。
tr	O	这件事发生在2009年10月，于是小镇上的流言蜚语开始了。
tr	O	他问，并且我点点头。
tr	I	He is only four , but I 've tried to explain .
tr	O	我拉了拉门把手，但是这扇门也锁着。
tr	O	我的左腿正在发麻，并且我很确定那不是件好事。
tr	O	绮拉开始流泪，并且我笑了。
tr	I	He read the surprise in her eyes , but Kate didn 't flinch exactly .
tr	O	那架红色派珀飞机停在那里，并且格雷森提着箱子，穿过停机坪朝我们走来。
tr	O	她努力控制自己的眼泪，但是那触摸的温暖让眼泪流得更快，直到她哽咽着喘气。
tr	I	I knew her well enough to know that she meant what she said , and there was no remorse in D 's voice .
tr	I	She doesn 't pull away , but her hand twitches .
tr	O	他们对彼此的欲望是贪得无厌的，并且他们的缠绵持续了很久，直到深夜。
tr	I	She was sure she heard him growl , and James frowned .
tr	I	He looked at her and his dark eyes opened .
tr	O	那就是我需要说的，但是我却开不了口。
tr	I	I shook my head , but he offered the trembling drop to me .
tr	O	有脚步声，并且我抬起头。
tr	I	Most of the vamps won 't talk , but the official history project is still going .
tr	O	我曾试图干预他们的关系，希望能有所帮助，但是他们俩都否认对彼此有感情。
tr	O	这感觉是我前所未有的，并且我踉跄后退，紧抓着我剧痛的头。
tr	I	I make the effort , anyway , but I 'm trying to look over at them , knowing I 'm too far away to read them .
tr	O	他带着武器，并且我受伤了。
tr	O	我使用了这个选项，但是它没起作用。
tr	I	Whitney insisted on seeing Violet and they had taken him to do the surgery at the hospital .
tr	I	His eyes shone with an eternal light , but his hair was silvered at his temples .
tr	I	It wasn 't dumb , but the army was corrupt .
tr	O	卧室里可能会有一些令人不快的惊喜，但是冰箱则自成一格。
tr	O	他可以和他的半数同伴睡觉，而且那也不关她的事。
tr	O	接着那只手臂从她脸上移开了，并且她感觉刀又抵在了她的喉咙上。
tr	O	它缓缓地进入他体内，并且那种摩擦足以让任何人尖叫着索取更多。
tr	O	它独自坐落在一座悬崖上，并且要到达它，你得沿着一条多风的石路走。
tr	O	白玫瑰染上了月光的色泽，但是红玫瑰在夜空下看起来几乎是黑色的。
tr	O	他的眼睛燃烧着与她相同的渴望，并且她再次吻了他，把他拉进了她的卧室。
tr	O	从这里没有回头路了，但是我全身的每一个细胞都拒绝相信我自认为知道的一切。
tr	I	Some other way would have to be devised to light the world , and they would pass .
tr	O	黑色的灰烬堆消失了，并且电视恢复了正常，没有一丝划痕。
tr	O	她依然昏迷不醒，而且凯特和她在一起。
tr	O	地板冰冷地贴着我的赤脚，但是至少现在我不会像女武神那样发出那么多噪音了。
tr	O	有好有坏。
tr	I	I knew right then that she was going to miss her lunch and there were close to fifteen people in front of her .
tr	I	She rose from the couch also , and he could see the conflict on her face .
tr	I	He didn 't show up but I waited over an hour .
tr	O	似乎她才刚处理完第一批邮件，当门开了，并且特纳医生走了进来的时候。
tr	O	这是腮腺炎，一种儿童疾病，但是对成年人来说要严重得多。
tr	I	The heat it produced made the tropical temperatures that much more uncomfortable , and it was now double the size as the previous night 's fire .
tr	I	I had to persist but I knew I was stretching their patience by continuing my story .
tr	O	他没有回答我，但是他也不需要。
tr	O	道格拉斯对着他的打手们吼道，并且他们试图用拳头让托马斯闭嘴。
tr	I	I moved fast , swiping two times to take his head off , as his neck was pretty thick , and he fell to the ground .
tr	I	She was far more cunning , but the monsters at her door might be stronger than she was .
tr	O	她对他的力量来说太强大了，但是他确信自己总能说服她。
tr	I	It wouldn 't come but I attempted to then lift the right .
tr	O	尽管如此，我并没有从我们的防御中感到安慰，但是我已经无能为力了。
tr	I	I nodded and he asked .
tr	I	I made a big monster shadow loom over her , and they cast strange shad - ows on the walls .
tr	O	他们转过一个街角，并且大厅里一片寂静。
tr	O	我告诉女主人我们是哪个派对的，并且她告诉我我的父母已经到了。
tr	O	她当时怀疑地看了我一眼，但是我希望她意识到我不是在开玩笑。
tr	O	他对一些事情瞒着她，并且她不喜欢这样。
tr	O	雷金纳德耸了耸肩，但是有些地方很奇怪。
tr	O	他曾试图把它带回家，这种纯洁明亮世界的萦绕不去的感受，但是它像古龙水一样蒸发了。
tr	I	If you 're of a mind , you can ride along , and I 'm going that way myself .
tr	O	我从床上滚了下来，并且她在我后面滚了下来。
tr	O	公共厕所的门猛地开了，并且那人摇摇晃晃地走了出来，回答了我的问题。
tr	I	She isn 't there , but I go to the corner of the store where Tina last was .
tr	I	The advantages of cooperation made both companies stronger , and that company has also steered its strategic position to similar products .
tr	I	We 're farther from that damn clot than when we started and we 've killed over a quarter of all the time available .
tr	O	这会让我的背包更重，但是至关重要的是，一旦我沿着隧道回到地窖，我就必须离开那间小屋。
tr	O	沃尔特猛地一推，并且接着就成了三个。
tr	O	我并非总能感受到他们的存在，但是他们确实在那里。
tr	O	然后他就能像他悄悄进来时一样悄悄溜出去，并且弗朗西斯卡就永远不必知道他曾来过她的房子。
tr	O	有些人试图站起来，但是他们却没有地方可跑。
tr	O	她没有叫出来，所以情况应该不会太糟，但是它已经有一整天的时间来愈合了。
tr	I	I glanced back , frowning , and a shiver went through him .
tr	I	There might be others as well , but we know about quite a few of those .
tr	I	Everything about her also felt fake , yet everything about Emily was seemingly perfect .
tr	O	她的手抚摸着他的后颈，并且她抬起头吻向他。
tr	I	Levana saw the strain of his Adam 's apple in his throat , and he paused .
tr	O	她的嘴巴惊讶地张开了，并且他的目光滑向她湿润的嘴唇。
tr	I	He let Chance take the lead , but Jesse gave a curt nod .
tr	I	He is crazy enough to pursue me , and he is Emily 's fiancée 's brother .
tr	O	她拉扯着手腕，但是鲍勃的手指仍像一副坚不可摧的手铐，将她禁锢着。
tr	O	这听起来很可悲，并且我想要收回它。
tr	O	她表现得像一个令人震惊的荡妇，并且她是在大白天做的！
tr	O	乔伊斯跳了起来，摇着头，并且她冲过客厅。
tr	I	Maybe we 'll all get out of this without any major catastrophes and don 't draw attention to yourself .
tr	O	约翰将布鲁克的袖子一直滑到她的肩膀，并且布鲁克用针尖刺破了她女儿的皮肤。
tr	I	I 've always protected her , and she 's my little sister .
tr	I	She smiles a lot more when you 're around , and I don 't want to see mama cry anymore .
tr	O	每一口都很美味，而且我的高脚杯里一直装满了冰冷的琼浆。
tr	I	He 'd post it online or he said to come get it .
tr	I	He was fast , but he was small .
tr	I	There was no Nick and taking off the glasses , again only the cave walls stared back at her .
tr	O	她张开嘴想要抗议，并且我疯狂地转向她。
tr	I	His protective instincts overrode his anger , but not that he wasn 't still pissed off at her .
tr	I	Francesca still asks the follow up , but the last word trails off quietly .
tr	I	I was glad my jacket had a hood , and I could feel the sting of the flakes on my cheeks .
tr	I	She parted them , letting him inside and he swept his tongue over her lips .
tr	I	She licked her lips and her cheeks turned pink .
tr	I	They were killed , and Three have tried .
tr	I	He drew her close with a smile , and she threw her arms tightly around his shoulders .
tr	I	That calmed my nerves , and even if someone did spot them , they 'd have the advantage .
tr	O	花了一段时间，但是三盏灯中有两盏变绿了。
tr	O	我没有自卑情绪，但是我很容易受到恐吓，谢谢你。
tr	I	Cameron eased up a bit , and Shane hung his head in shame .
tr	O	他们肯定知道我早就认识你了，但是我却一无所知。
tr	O	我没有退缩，并且我不明白为什么。
tr	O	他转过身，面向水龙头，并且一声背叛性的尖叫从我嘴里溜了出来。
tr	I	He let out an uncontrollable chuckle and the excitement of everything finally got the best of him .
tr	O	它让他想起湖面上的涟漪，但是没有水，只有空气。
tr	O	她已经开始做晚饭了，而且晚饭在炉子上烧焦了。
tr	I	He will be soon , ' cause they sent his coffee up same time as I come here , but he 's not down yet .
tr	I	I 've tracked him down to one corner of one of the wheat fields and I 've been listening out for Ben 's Noise over the farm .
tr	I	I tried to leave her alone but I told her it was good to see her .
tr	O	然后你进入了更自然的睡眠，而且我决定再等几个小时。
tr	I	I let her lead me away toward the bleachers and she put her arm around me .
tr	O	我正努力帮助你，而且你没有让事情变得容易。
tr	I	Stevens frowned at it , tapping at a few buttons , and the machine gave a low , warning tone .
tr	I	I 'm sure that will be over soon , but the Princess must still have them on lockdown .
tr	I	The effect of the madness amplified my newly restored energy , and the sleep had refreshed me .
tr	I	I felt that panic swallow me whole and the letter came back to mind .
tr	O	约翰尼可能以为这些车在第二次观看时会显得不那么令人印象深刻，但是它们看起来更好了。
tr	O	他的声音略微颤抖，但是他的脸很坚定。
tr	O	今天早上轮到莉莲来做了，而且不管她有其他什么缺点，她做的咖啡很好喝。
tr	I	It sounded really good , but that last comment was on the fly , not from her notes .
tr	I	Even they didn 't really help , and they were the only thing that made her feel better .
tr	I	His curls lay upon the pillow and his long , dark lashes fell on his white cheeks .
tr	I	He stood back up and a determined glint suddenly entered his eyes .
tr	I	The scampi cooled , and the wine arrived .
tr	O	她在他身边，是他的一部分，并且他也是她的一部分。
tr	I	I didn 't think my mutant vampire abilities translated to not breaking my leg upon such a feat but I considered throwing myself out the window .
tr	O	他本想只是在她嘴唇上迅速地轻吻一下，但是结果却比那稍长了一点。
tr	O	特拉维斯许久没有说话，并且他接着点了点头。
tr	O	卢克前倾身体，把手撑在我的座位靠背上，并且我把头侧向一边。
tr	O	里奇讲了个好故事，但是那也仅此而已。
tr	I	I did my best to learn , and he created a language through the sounds he made for them .
tr	O	父亲无法对她拒绝，并且季狐也乐于能够去学校。
tr	I	Its flame was barely flickering and Gossip had been nudged to the back burner .
tr	O	这个故事被撕裂了，并且他尚不确定这个故事今后将如何发展。
tr	O	贝丝·安·科尔挽着他的胳膊，但是艾莉对看到他们在一起并不感到惊讶。
tr	I	It shimmers in the sunlight , and the air is always misty .
tr	O	他们回城了，并且我知道如果我一走了之，我爸爸会发脾气。
tr	O	绑架者在金斯敦，并且莎拉可能甚至也在那里。
tr	I	He is impassive once again and I glance back at Luca .
tr	O	我以前从未听过我父母争吵，但是不知为何感觉很熟悉。
tr	O	曼珠已经离开一段时间了，并且还没有人注意到。
tr	I	The tears felt like rivers of ice and I cried .
tr	I	She handed me a bottle of beer , and Raegan opened the door before I knocked .
tr	O	他打开点火开关，并且汽车启动了。
tr	I	I feel an insurmountable wave of depression lift over me and my chest tightens .
tr	I	He almost came and his back arched .
tr	I	Right then , she knew and her stepfather 's words echoed in Kylie 's head .
tr	I	Her forefinger stroked , and she grasped him .
tr	I	Her friends from work would never understand this , and Seeing Anthony again was out of the question .
tr	O	被他爱的渴望日益侵蚀着她，并且她对此无能为力。
tr	O	一阵恶心袭来，并且我的拳头紧握。
tr	I	He had no problem complying with that desire and he had seen it a thousand times before .
tr	O	他让我感到安全，然而我们的激情却非同寻常。
tr	O	又没有回答，但是那个女人开始咏唱。
tr	I	They 're coming , and he 's contacted the children .
tr	I	She was looking straight ahead , paying no attention to her companion , but Albert tried to catch Silver 's glance .
tr	I	Maybe we should be just friends for now , but I can 't pretend I don 't have feelings for you .
tr	O	我不知道我是不是慢了，但是我没有看出那是怎么可能的。
tr	I	No alarm was raised but the squeaking of the oar locks seemed loud to those in the skiff .
tr	O	桑顿夫人已经说服自己简是出去买衣服了，并且她通过购物来寻求慰藉，以等待她的归来。
tr	I	I wouldn 't still be here , fighting on , or mama didn 't raise any quitters .
tr	I	She could still enjoy the view through the blurriness but since she removed her contact her vision was limited .
tr	O	他会感到困惑，会疼痛，并且他们会在治疗中让他承受更多痛苦。
tr	O	当然有出口，但是我希望你白天不要出去。
tr	I	Steve didn 't want to know , but it probably was riddled with errors .
tr	I	Nothing comes out , and Everything goes in .
tr	O	他所做的只是点头回应，并且然后Zayne的目光回到了我身上。
tr	I	He had no idea what was coming , but he might have been a smart dog .
tr	O	他到的时候她已经在了，并且他从坐下的那一刻起就心不在焉了。
tr	O	她在愤怒中杀了它，并且现在她必须付出代价。
tr	I	I have no more voice , but the women listen to her .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I could feel his eyes on my backside as I walked away .
tr	I	The time they 'd been airborne and Archie calculated their fuel use .
tr	I	He was already dead , but the paramedics arrived within a few minutes .
tr	I	They walked into the family room and the young girl grabbed Zoe 's hand .
tr	I	He had his own issues , especially where Max was concerned , but she already knew Preston wasn 't anything like Manuel .
tr	I	Samira was very chatty with me and we started walking to my office .
tr	I	My mind was scared , but my heart hated it .
tr	I	Her hoodie was bloodied and her shorts were torn .
tr	O	然后她就自由了，并且她努力向前。
tr	I	We 're used to it , but it 's a little rude in that it assumes ignorance on our part .
tr	O	他想命令她回到安全的地方，但是他觉得她做的是对的。
tr	I	I can 't remember any of them , but there had to have been warning signs .
tr	O	我也为那双倍的幸福买了一些东西，但是我还需要再买一点，特别是为小家伙。
tr	O	她的眼睛瞪大了，并且她的嘴巴也张开了。
tr	I	That seemed as good a place as any , and according to the road signs they were thirty miles outside Roanoke .
tr	I	I could feel him pressing against me and my nightgown was thin .
tr	O	她笑着摇了摇头，并且接着她走到我身后开始梳理我的头发。
tr	O	这可能会伤害哈勒姆的惊人骄傲，但是这并不能真正动摇他的地位。
tr	I	I don 't succeed , but I try to sound as calm as he does .
tr	O	她能赢，并且这是对的。
tr	I	We 've got to play her game , but I don 't trust her , either .
tr	O	凛冽的风似乎在反驳他，但是他觉得保持积极比承认现实更重要。
tr	I	The thought of losing Max shook her badly , and she 'd always been fond of Clark 's father .
tr	I	I picked it up without thinking and my mom called out to me .
tr	O	她的心再次揪紧，并且这次她试图抓住那种感觉。
tr	I	She had her back to him and Dan sat on the couch .
tr	I	The salient points had been made , but there were other questions .
tr	I	I saw that lost look that sometimes took over his face and his eyes continued to stare into mine .
tr	O	陪审团对此仍未有定论，但是我不会在他的注视下畏缩。
tr	I	I went left and she went right .
tr	I	Her hands jerked back and the air between her palms rippled .
tr	O	每晚他们都会回来，并且每晚他们都会带走我们更多的人。
tr	I	He realized that knew where he was , but he 'd never been up this far .
tr	O	他们远不够近，但是人永远不会太安全。
tr	I	The moonlight provided limited visibility as she entered a small square that lay before a large pair of iron gates and it was dark now .
tr	I	I quickly followed him and he brushed past me .
tr	O	我的眉毛挑起，但是我什么也没说。
tr	I	He wanted to give her that much , and she 'd come to him for comfort .
tr	I	Shingles tumbled to the ground like snowflakes and Windows shattered a mile away .
tr	O	它会让你体内某些必要的平衡发生非常奇怪的变化，并且那些不是可以随意乱动的东西。
tr	I	I 'm not imagining the hurt in his expression , and he watches me lead Ezra toward the car .
tr	I	It seemed to all start about the same time , and they had always shared everything until recently .
tr	I	She cut her off , but Izzy began to speak .
tr	I	Now she would go home early , and Chapter 10 Morgan had come in late .
tr	I	I drink it because I don 't know what else to say and he comments as he hands me the mug with the soup inside .
tr	I	The employees here appeared to be just as certain that she had and she was certain that she had not set foot in this bank yesterday .
tr	O	我看着海普，并且他跟着我的目光回到了电梯口堆积的僵尸堆。
tr	I	Her arms bumped against her sides in violent pulses , and her legs suddenly jerked .
tr	O	它可能永远不会完全消失，但是过一阵子就不会那么令人难以承受了。
tr	O	他说了许多其他事情，但是我大部分都没听到。
tr	O	门闩在锁里慢慢转动着，但是杰克的手仍放在门把手上。
tr	I	I stood there shocked and we walked out back .
tr	I	He didn 't see how it related , but that was significant .
tr	O	乔那时睁开了眼睛，而且从她脸上的表情，我能看出她有同样的感觉。
tr	I	Nate was at the door to take me to school and I finished eating , brushed my teeth .
tr	I	Most can be accommodated in the comfort of your home , but there are a few inquiries that require you visit the library in person .
tr	I	The four quietly filed out , and the note of dismissal in her voice was final .
tr	O	我去见她了，但是她不在那里。
tr	O	片刻过去了，而且我决定做出一番努力。
tr	O	床只有大约五步远，但是她几乎没能走到，最后一刻倒在了被子上。
tr	I	That drove me from mindless to madness incarnate , and the other being that it meant she was braless .
tr	O	法则规定了事件的进程，而且所有人都被卷入其中。
tr	O	我所希望的捷径无处可寻，而且道路被用于建筑工程的砖箱堵住了。
tr	I	His eyes were melancholy , but he smiled at me .
tr	I	You 're doing a good job , but you 're too young to have so much responsibility .
tr	O	惊吓使她静止不动，当特里斯坦收紧他的手时，并且她感到体内的空气被挤压出来。
tr	O	你把这项圈套在我脖子上，好像我某种宠物一样，并且你已经解除了我的能力。
tr	I	Brad saw the man some distance ahead , and they all pointed downriver .
tr	O	看那逝去的岁月，穿着褪色的衣裳，它们如何挤满了天空，并且从我们罪孽的海洋中涌出。
tr	O	她正在把衣服穿回去，并且我正要赶紧离开那里。
tr	O	天空变成了暮色中的铁灰色，并且黑云看起来像沉重的石头。
tr	O	它迅速弹到地上，但是她并不在意。
tr	O	他尽力让眼睛盯着摄像机，但是他的注意力被身旁的女人吸引了。
tr	O	它占据了她所有的感官，并且她不得不闭上眼睛。
tr	O	我以前从未考虑过，但是也许我是那个幸运儿。
tr	I	Elizabeth was nowhere in the living room , but I had to find her .
tr	I	She burst out crying and a quiver began in her bottom lip .
tr	I	The camera caught him turning his head towards her , a smile on his lips but he stood a bit away from Lucinda .
tr	O	想必克里德也知道他在做什么，但是他还是中枪了。
tr	O	在这个姿势下，他的脸几乎是倒置的，但是她发誓她看到了他的嘴角上扬。
tr	I	My forehead ran with sweat and my hands started to shake .
tr	I	That , too , offered no cover , but to the right of the lawn were the remains of a very large vegetable garden .
tr	O	她赢得了他的尊重，并且他赢得了她的信任。
tr	O	抽血只需要几分钟，但是我却在实验室的椅子上被绑了几个小时。
tr	O	你应该带我四处看看，而且你心里想的却只有做媒！
tr	I	He could make sure her dad did , but he couldn 't protect Mary Ann .
tr	I	She was not willing to ask , but Cassie had the odd feeling that he would speak to her , if she asked .
tr	O	南希先生的手拂过羽毛，并且它完美无瑕。
tr	O	他的脸面无表情，但是他的眼睛却像两束锐利的激光一样盯着我。
tr	I	I dearly hope that I find myself in error , and I grieve to upset you with these thoughts , my Love .
tr	O	我听到了咔嚓声，但是已经太晚了。
tr	I	It presented yet another reason she couldn 't work here any longer , but she would never know for sure .
tr	I	Mediterranean food was one of my favorites and I knew I didn 't have much to worry about because he had great taste .
tr	O	这个地方带着一股淡淡的麝香气味，但是那是她在深夜里能做的最好的了。
tr	O	她的声音颤抖着，但是当她抬头看他时，她的蓝眼睛闪耀着信念。
tr	O	她读过关于跟踪者的故事，但是他们属于一个不同、暴力的世界。
tr	I	Bunt growled softly and they were travelling slowly .
tr	I	He immediately moved inside me again , and I thrust my hips against him .
tr	I	Some had been influenced to the opposite by the recent Pope and a large percentage of the Cardinals were intense followers of the new Messiah .
tr	O	从一开始，提倡户外生活方式就有些奇怪，但是现在——随着她姐姐与癌症抗争——这感觉完全没有意义了。
tr	I	He remained adamant , but Ruslan tried to change his father 's mind .
tr	I	The kids are really anxious , and shouldn 't be any problem .
tr	I	Now it looks like you 're waiting for spring , but I thought you were shooting for a winter wedding .
tr	O	我试图逃离他，但是每个方向都被狼群挡住了。
tr	I	Landon felt a thrill of unease wriggle up his spine , but she sounded more tired than alarmed .
tr	O	他们不做任何美好的东西，但是他们做了许多巧妙的东西。
tr	I	Jude had already begun to research colleges and the twins were freshmen in high school .
tr	I	Her son was alive , and when looking solely at the facts , Martha was part of Frank 's composite corpse .
tr	I	I hadn 't bothered taking any sort of labor class , but I was pretty sure modern medicine had advanced past that .
tr	O	你永远无法弥补失去的，但是你总能重新开始。
tr	O	扶着门把手，他摇摇晃晃地站了起来，然后猛地把门拉开。
tr	I	The soft light from inside the house washed over him , and Matthew blinked as the front door swung open .
tr	I	His shoulders were tensing and his jaw was locked .
tr	O	他大声让她跑，并且他紧跟着她冲了出去。
tr	O	我担心凯德的秘密，但是我猜他怀疑我也藏着一些自己的秘密。
tr	O	她会等她丈夫回来，并且当他回来时，他们会一起回家。
tr	I	Eventually they 'd discover the purpose for the chosen route , but all the reasons might not be known .
tr	O	他的手指拂过我的私处，并且我感觉自己有多湿润。
tr	I	She flinched and he kicked her back .
tr	I	It 's a mute point , but I 'd sic him on Chloe .
tr	O	闪电再次闪过，并且灯光闪烁起来。
tr	O	他的眼睛暗了下来，并且他愤怒地看着我，仿佛嫉妒。
tr	I	It was still somewhat entertaining , but it was failing miserably .
tr	I	He had left last month for overseas duty , but she was stationed here with her husband .
tr	O	托马斯看着我，并且他的表情逐渐改变。
tr	I	It occurred to me that they must have worked closely together during the weeks I was missing , and she punched in his number from memory .
tr	I	His eyes were somewhere else , but I tried to read the emotions I saw in the hard lines on his sculpted face .
tr	I	I struggled to balance , and Val pulled my hand .
tr	I	Julian still said nothing and another minute went by .
tr	I	I was glad he was here , and he was supposed to be my protection .
tr	O	他的团队问他们该怎么做，并且他不够专注来回答。
tr	I	She wouldn 't allow it to happen , not ever again and it was humiliating .
tr	O	他用清晰的声音说话，并且人们在工作时无意识地向他倾斜。
tr	O	他走过去了，并且唐在打电话，可能正在告诉琼妮这件事。
tr	I	Now there was a touch of defiance , and said Groat .
tr	O	你可能永远不需要使用它，但是我需要你知道怎么做。
tr	O	我又咳嗽了，并且更多的血溅到了我的手上。
tr	O	阳台事件后他没有和我说话，但是令我欣慰的是，他也无视了赫淮斯托斯。
tr	O	我拼命地想去你所在的地方，并且突然我就在那里了。
tr	I	He cups my cheek and I lean into his hand .
tr	O	传来一声清晰的裂响，并且斯坦的脚不动了。
tr	I	They agreed readily , and she 'd insisted on coming with them .
tr	O	别做梦了，我心想，但是 我不敢大声说出来。
tr	O	我很乐意，但是 我的膝盖总是受伤。
tr	O	以利亚没有问他想问的问题，但是 朱莉娅还是察觉到了。
tr	I	He grabbed my arm , but I started to stand .
tr	O	起居室是空的，并且 埃洛迪领着卡尔经过起居室走向我的房间。
tr	O	她的脸颊泛起了一抹红晕，但是 她点了点头。
tr	I	The spinning had been constant since about the second shot , and I 'd been on that table for hours .
tr	I	I can hear him shakily climb to his feet , but I can 't quite see Sandor .
tr	O	我们转动了门把手，并且 令我们大吃一惊的是，门是开的。
tr	I	Then her two older brothers had decided to lease it , but at first it had seemed inevitable that they 'd have to sell the land .
tr	I	It did not reach her eyes , but she smiled .
tr	O	文森特试图介入他们之间，但是 多米尼克太强壮了。
tr	I	His musky , wild scent enveloped me , and our bodies were nearly flush , pieced together .
tr	O	在我注视下，他的火焰彻底熄灭了，并且 他停止了燃烧。
tr	I	Each turn of the key proved futile , but I kept trying to turn the RV back on .
tr	I	The Keeper closed it , then the box disappeared into his robes , and Ryo put the coin in the box .
tr	I	She could see him struggling to focus and he blinked .
tr	O	朱丽叶吸引了我的目光，并且我把她看透了。
tr	O	他叫她曼迪，而且她是他的甜心宝贝。
tr	O	他显然不信任利亚姆，但是由于人手不足，他们不得不使用他。
tr	O	他伸向我的脸颊，并且我慢慢地后退。
tr	I	He will be for me and I will always be his .
tr	I	His mother forced him to look at her , but Max 's eyes still burned with hatred .
tr	O	特莎爱她的家人，但是她感觉自己快要溺毙了。
tr	O	我低声说我爱他，但是他的回应被刺耳的刹车声淹没了。
tr	O	如果你想说，我会听，但是我觉得现在已经没什么好说的了。
tr	I	He disappeared down the hall and his fingers brushed my shoulder .
tr	I	Kylie had been right , and she 'd known Della would be pissed that she 'd been tricked .
tr	O	他听到了担忧，并且这深深地震撼了他。
tr	I	I can 't sleep , but the night wears on .
tr	O	他将脸颊贴着她的头发，嘴唇发麻，并且他渴望再次亲吻她。
tr	I	Her curiosity got the better of her but she tried to focus on her plan .
tr	O	我同意基本概念，但是我们会解决具体细节。
tr	O	她仍然不确定自己是否能负担得起，但是她却下定决心要试一试。
tr	O	在她看来，硫磺女王号总是贴着海岸线航行，但是现在他们却在开阔的海域上。
tr	O	他碰触得太多了，但是这从未让人觉得带有性意味。
tr	I	He had never felt so accepted , and Thor had never seen so many knights in one room .
tr	O	凯文感到同样的恐惧，但是他不能再接近艾迪了。
tr	I	I 'm scared , and tears well up .
tr	I	Jenny thought it came from ahead , but it seemed to reflect from everywhere at once .
tr	O	队伍很短，并且不知不觉间，我拿到了我的拿铁。
tr	I	She grinned back , enjoying the madness of the moment , and he grinned at her , giving a thumbs up sign .
tr	O	艾米莉亚对士兵笑了笑，并且他粗声地回以点头。
tr	I	He could finally think again without the blaring music muddying his thoughts and the cool breeze felt good against his skin .
tr	O	他的脸颊深陷，并且头发大把大把地脱落。
tr	I	Exhaustion drove him to his knees , but the scout took two wobbling steps toward them .
tr	O	他的解脱对其他吸血鬼来说也很明显，而且他们随着多米尼克回到队伍后方而退后。
tr	O	值得一游的好地方，而且还有等等。
tr	I	He had changed with it and his lifestyle had changed radically .
tr	I	There were no injuries , but we checked the men .
tr	O	他看着我，而且他的脸变得僵硬。
tr	I	Pain kept you awake , but Pain radiated from every corner of her body .
tr	I	He frowned when he recognized the number , and Dever felt his phone begin to buzz .
tr	O	他看到一只野猫从左边悄悄地靠近岩石，但是他分辨不出那是哪一只野猫。
tr	I	Soon , it wouldn 't matter , and to where , exactly , I didn 't know .
tr	O	如果你母亲还活着，她就会原谅我，并且我们应该一起度过晚年。
tr	I	Only a squeak crept through my tight lips , but I tried to speak .
tr	O	仿佛我重申誓言开启了我生命的新篇章，而且我渴望继续下去。
tr	I	There 's more to worry about at the moment , but I have no idea which description fits what guy .
tr	O	他走了过来，并且我认出了他。
tr	O	它们有数千个，并且它们移动得很快。
tr	O	传来一阵令人作呕的湿漉漉的拍打声，并且接着肯尼就沉默了。
tr	O	他肯定厌倦了失去亲人，然而他仍在继续。
tr	I	A couple of boxes were already packed inside and the hatchback was open .
tr	I	I was part of him , and he was part of me .
tr	O	是的，这需要大量的干预，但是基思已被挽回。
tr	I	She trusted him without question , but she didn 't know what her father was up to .
tr	I	Her breathing got very tight and her pulse kicked up suddenly .
tr	O	额外的喘息可能不是必需的，但是它可能会对你有些好处。
tr	O	记忆是甜蜜的，但是失望却令人刺痛。
tr	O	她的脚上穿着一双芭蕾平底鞋，并且尽管我希望是细高跟鞋，她看起来仍然很惊艳。
tr	O	妮莎参与了几十项活动，并且虽然她不完全是我曾经那样的风云人物，但人人都认识她。
tr	O	无论他做什么，效果都是立竿见影的，并且那个大汉就直接不省人事地倒下了。
tr	I	I like the new bar , and I 've been known to loosen up after a bottle of bubbly .
tr	I	The door opened out into the hall and he turned it .
tr	I	Dozens of people was a little overwhelming , but I could stand with feeling those directly next to me .
tr	I	A small smile curved on his face , and I saw his eyes narrow as I moved back .
tr	I	It also fell through several hooded grey robes that hung in the air , and it fell on the recumbent shape of Ernie .
tr	I	That 's rare and you 're honest .
tr	O	就像我说过的，她没怎么跟我说话，但是我绝不会让她陷入危险。
tr	I	Steven had teased her about it , and she had been nervous all week .
tr	O	我爸爸在我开车驶离车道的时候全程瞪着我，并且他的手机又回到了他耳边。
tr	O	我总是被那些对我有害的事物所吸引，而且她肯定会名列榜首。
tr	I	When I landed in the trees , I cursed , and that sort of hazy thought didn 't always work .
tr	I	Color flooded her cheeks , and she found his gaze .
tr	O	起初一切都很顺利，然后厄运就开始困扰她了。
tr	I	It 's like , um , Christmas , but I , um , I know you said you needed time to think .
tr	O	我丝毫没有被困住，但是有那么一瞬间，我竟然相信我被困住了。
tr	I	Her eyes widened with shock and Christina 's mouth dropped open .
tr	I	He hadn 't gotten it far enough in , but he twisted the key .
tr	O	在过去的几个月里，这些人已经成为他的家人，然而现在他却即将把他们都抛在身后。
tr	O	她总是很在意自己的身材，本该感到尴尬，但是她却没有。
tr	I	I shook my head and he looked in the rearview mirror at me .
tr	I	The light got even dimmer , and it made a startlingly loud sound .
tr	I	Neither was a millennium , and Today wasn 't forever .
tr	O	我抬起头，并且那里有一位女士。
tr	I	Underneath was a comment from a guy named Wayne , but the caption just said the little girl 's name .
tr	O	我摇了摇头，并且他从我手中撕下衣物，然后抓住了我的肩膀。
tr	I	Simple to stop her but he had no intentions of killing her .
tr	O	我不确定，但是出于某种原因我对此表示怀疑。
tr	O	他说的时候像是开玩笑，但是你不能那样开玩笑，而一点也不当真。
tr	I	I choose a new one , and I can choose what history I build my future on .
tr	I	Her eyes blazed with terror , and great beads of perspiration dripped from her dark forehead .
tr	I	That brought me upright in a hurry , but I 'd been leaning against my desk .
tr	I	Bryn swatted my hand away and I placed my fingers underneath the bottom of it .
tr	I	I 'm walking too fast but he reaches for my hand .
tr	I	I have begun to discover a good deal , and after Nellie was killed , I just couldn 't give up .
tr	O	看一眼他的能量场，并且我就知道我能打败他。
tr	I	Wasn 't too sure , but he thought he could hear something .
tr	I	More importantly , they will be in danger , and that would put me in danger .
tr	O	不知何故，刀片错过了潜艇的主体，但是她知道电缆肯定遭受了重大损坏。
tr	I	There was something inscrutable about his expression , and his face was illuminated by the moon .
tr	O	我正在一个为发射做准备的团队里，但是这需要很长时间。
tr	I	She would cross that bridge when she came to it , but there was no telling how she would close the others .
tr	O	亚伦是比尼基更好的选手，但是他对此保持着一种超然的距离。
tr	I	His gun tumbled to Sneed 's feet , and the man went down clutching his head .
tr	O	当我们是二年级学生时，她让我背诵她教给我的所有词汇，并且我们同时在做美甲。
tr	O	今天选一个，并且我们从那里开始。
tr	I	I realized her instincts were correct , but for an instant I was speechless .
tr	O	卢卡没有错过这次交流的任何一个瞬间，并且我能感觉到他漆黑的目光落在我的皮肤上。
tr	I	His instincts blared that someone had been recently , but no one was here now .
tr	O	她会写信，但是她会慢慢地写。
tr	I	Most of them seemed to regard a large amount of paperwork , but his new promotion entailed new responsibilities .
tr	I	It scorched his wounded heart with pure bliss , and felt her fear for him .
tr	I	The animal was right behind me , but grabbing his good arm , I raced for the beach .
tr	O	想起他接到她母亲的电话仍然让他反胃，并且那永远不会改变。
tr	O	我知道如果我杀了布莱克，我会改变得比我已经改变的更多，并且随后马蒂亚斯会比现在更恨我。
tr	I	Charlotte sat down gracefully on the back seat , and he held the car door open for us .
tr	I	He 'd basically been a goner the first moment she smiled at him , but he had no idea how it 'd happened .
tr	O	我能听到父亲在我身后站起来，并且我看着霍尔德的目光跟着他。
tr	O	她立刻警觉起来，但是她不知道为什么。
tr	I	A bit withdrawn and Margaret became quiet .
tr	O	阴沉的天空有助于减轻阳光的影响，但是当他走近小屋时，他的眼睛泪流不止。
tr	O	地貌过于杂乱，无法冒险进行瞬移，并且他对目的地也不熟悉。
tr	O	马克的妻子正扮演着迷人的女主人，并且她做得相当成功。
tr	I	I sat down after removing the red numbered paddle from it and he led me to a chair .
tr	O	我曾多次想在这里做一次按摩，但是我似乎总无法说服自己为自己花这笔钱。
tr	I	Sarah welcomed the distraction as it eased the tension that was building inside of herself , but the twins dominated the conversation at the table .
tr	O	电话响了，并且我立刻跳起来去接。
tr	I	She couldn 't help telling the truth , but she didn 't want to lose him .
tr	I	Her shirt hit the floor and he took a shaky step back .
tr	I	An archway with a set of ornate doors stood before them , and solid ground had simply materialized beneath their feet .
tr	I	We 'll see and I 'll smash the cat .
tr	I	It perfectly described what he felt was inside of him , but that word had come out of nowhere .
tr	I	Four of them stop and they pass before us .
tr	O	我们很担心，但是我们同时感到安心。
tr	I	I wanted him to know how serious I was about you , but he didn 't like me at first .
tr	O	我周围的眩晕感越来越强烈，然后我感觉自己渐渐失去了知觉。
tr	O	他曾说他喜欢法式家具，但是这个房间里的一切似乎都显得很浮夸。
tr	I	They are inhabited , and they go down a long way .
tr	O	治愈者存在，并且你，我这位不合时宜的朋友，刚刚遇到了一些好运。
tr	O	布里埃尔语无伦次，但是柯尔特没有试图阻止她。
tr	O	我们希望避免被发现，但是这不是我们的星球。
tr	O	他有一把长刀绑在一根杆子上，并且我知道他可以用那件武器把我开膛破肚。
tr	I	He wanted to see his seed running down the inside of her thighs , but she looked like she 'd been thoroughly made love to .
tr	O	他们在外面，但是天色已晚。
tr	I	The knowledge slapped me in the face and I hadn 't seen it at all .
tr	O	他的发际线在后退，并且他的胡子很粗糙。
tr	I	He always won and he used to pick fights with odds just for fun .
tr	O	欲望确实存在，但是他突然抗拒她。
tr	I	A yawning entranceway appeared before her , and the roots of a small tree were ripped apart as the plates underneath moved apart .
tr	I	Their eyes begin to sting and soon there is more smoke .
tr	O	妮可的嘴巴干了，并且她的胃颤抖着。
tr	I	He ignored it but it wounded him .
tr	I	I wouldn 't have broken her neck , but if I had hit her in the right temple I would have knocked her out for sure .
tr	I	No , that 's not exactly right ... but that was when it started getting dark .
tr	O	那个黑暗身影的特征依然是个谜，但是它的手仍伸向她，几乎是在恳求她接受它那不确定的提议。
tr	O	他用舌头探索她口中的每一寸，并且她任由他。
tr	I	Belinda had her doubts about this new Edgar , but the father that Edgar had been a couple of years ago would have done that .
tr	I	You couldn 't miss it and I looked to my right .
tr	I	You get the train and I 'm going to cycle there .
tr	O	我感到罗斯松手了，并且我的手盲目地伸了出去。
tr	I	No way did she have the energy to wriggle into those trousers , but she tugged the top over her head .
tr	I	An outsider had been difficult and Always being the new kid .
tr	I	She refused , but I also invited her into my jeep .
tr	I	Even I had to admit that the shade of pink was really lovely , but I 'd teased Archer about it being pink .
tr	O	四十，囚犯和我都转过身来。
tr	O	树木接着开放成一片夏日般的空地，并且变得明显声音意味着什么。
tr	I	I try to keep it in check , but it 's ingrained in me .
tr	I	I couldn 't sit still , but I snuck back in my room .
tr	I	It wasn 't easy to do , but sure , there were ways to fool them .
tr	I	His left eye betrayed no confusion , no emotion , but the boy cocked his head to the side , as if confused .
tr	O	她可以，并且她会。
tr	O	我曾试图带来对你而言最重要的东西，但是到头来我真的不知道那是什么。
tr	I	A quiver in his voice gave away a little too much - but he was trying to sound annoyed , authoritative , important .
tr	I	I 'm not real good at meeting new people , and they 're your friends .
tr	I	The shape was still and there was a grunt .
tr	I	This seems over the top , but I 'm used to her temper .
tr	O	又飞出几点火花，但是纸张就是不着。
tr	O	门在他们身后大部分关上了，并且音乐的轰鸣声减弱了。
tr	I	Her eyes held a determined light , and it was then that Arlen rose .
tr	I	He smiles down at me , and I look up at Sean .
tr	I	She tried not to think about it , and her head pounded .
tr	I	They both turned , and the doorbell rang .
tr	I	They were bloodshot , and my eyes had huge dark circles around them .
tr	I	The streaming sunlight gave him the appearance of a statue , and the guttural sound echoed off the walls .
tr	I	He drops the piece back into the bag and Lord Loss 's crimson eyes widen .
tr	O	她的脸上露出了惊恐的表情，并且我畏缩了。
tr	I	Something irresistible stopped him , but he reached for her .
tr	O	那是一场不可预测的舞蹈，并且当有那么多人在一个地方互相憎恨时，那场舞蹈只会引起更多的混乱。
tr	I	It was true , but I almost wanted to laugh at how cheesy that sounded .
tr	O	我的身体疼痛，并且我的头在剧烈跳动。
tr	O	他睡得很香，但是他看起来确实不太舒服。
tr	O	兄弟博士的研究与我的研究很好地契合，并且这些数据对我们后来者将具有巨大的价值。
tr	O	他睁开眼睛，并且当他看到我站在窗边时，他设法笑了，好像什么都没发生过一样。
tr	O	她搞砸得很厉害，并且她必须在他情况变得更糟之前阻止他。
tr	I	He handed it to me and the little boy took something out of his breast pocket .
tr	O	凯尔西感觉到一个陷阱，但是她一点也不知道那会是什么。
tr	O	杰克的笑容消失了，并且他放下了双臂。
tr	I	Her eyes went wide as I stared into them , searching , and I grabbed her , a hand on each side of her head .
tr	I	Her wit obviously had not , but her mode of attire might have changed .
tr	I	It housed the Geology Department , and the sign outside indicted that it was Bacon Hall .
tr	O	她的目光移向了赫斯，并且厌恶感在她血管中盘旋。
tr	I	Her teeth started to chatter , and Moisture seeped into her dress .
tr	O	她猛地扯动手，并且山姆放开了她，坐起身来给她空间，因为她看起来平静多了。
tr	O	她的头又抬了起来，并且她瞥见了下游。
tr	O	我们意识到有些事情是无法改变的...，并且我们许多人已经忘记了这一点。
tr	O	片刻之后，电视节目进入广告时段，并且她瘫倒在沙发上，洒掉了大约一半剩下的饮料。
tr	O	她皱了皱鼻子，并且他突然意识到他刚才还在她体内，抱着她，随心所欲地触摸着她。
tr	I	God was using that brokenness to draw her back to Himself , and the events of the first part of the summer had left Kelly broken .
tr	I	It was difficult but I tried like hell to get my shirt off without raising my arms .
tr	I	I could see that even Arian was feeling queasy at the thought and her announcement , made out of the blue , had me gulping .
tr	I	He becomes quite harmless and A slash to his bowstring .
tr	I	I popped the remote while we were still walking towards the car , but I assumed so .
tr	O	我们在杜克家门口停了下来，并且我尽可能快地滑下自行车。
tr	O	她可能是一个女巫，但是她不像西尔维娅。
tr	I	I felt myself getting sleepy again and she continued to wipe down my head .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她从内在的火焰中爆发出来。
tr	I	She came back to the surface , and his arms locked beneath her before she fell , his easy strength holding her .
tr	I	It just dropped right back down again but he tried running his hands through his hair to at least get it off his scalp .
tr	I	It took all his fortitude to remain where he was , and they were circling even now to capture them .
tr	I	His feet were frozen , and he was angry , though .
tr	O	见到他感觉很好，但是我们之间的紧张关系显而易见。
tr	O	这里有美好的回忆，但是很快她母亲就会创造新的回忆。
tr	O	人们走过，无视着眼前的景象，但是我却无法移开我的目光。
tr	O	这并没有让他在柯克伍德高中显得与众不同，但是这也无法保证他会有很多舞会约会。
tr	I	We realized it was on a motion sensor , and no one opened the door .
tr	O	但丁走了，并且我解开了鞭子。
tr	O	这是一个奇怪的举动，并且 布里克饶有兴趣地看着它。
tr	O	我们不会说那是任务的目的，但是 我们会明确表示那将是任务的一部分。
tr	I	When the breeze blew , there was just a hint of chill in the air and it was warm .
tr	I	Jared was found unconscious , and then I was told you weren 't in the house .
tr	O	她情不自禁地哼了一声，但是 恐惧又回来了。
tr	I	Touching the framing will set it off , but the alarm won 't go off if I cut the glass .
tr	O	弗格斯是他的第一个，并且 他离开时将他留在了负责的位置。
tr	O	阻止他们已经太迟了，而且 在这样一个关键时刻我不能抛弃我的朋友们。
tr	I	He resists but I try to pull him back into me .
tr	I	His lips were white but Vitale 's face was rigid .
tr	I	The policeman left him alone and he was only a few miles an hour over the speed limit .
tr	O	也许如果我那样做了，我就不会笑了，但是 也许我又会笑得更厉害。
tr	O	他温柔地抚摸着我的大腿内侧，轻柔、爱抚，但是 那个轻柔的动作却让我的双腿张开，而他跪在它们之间。
tr	O	覆水难收，但是 我们不要再打翻任何东西了。
tr	O	他无助地举起双手，而且我周围的世界开始逼近。
tr	O	他在成为她的爱人之前是她的竞选对手，而且任何其他对手都会做同样的事情。
tr	O	他低着头看着吉他，但是他空洞的黑眼睛却盯着他的猎物，那个对他而言唯一的女人。
tr	O	他的眼睛也睁着，充满疑问，但是我没有给他说话的机会。
tr	O	她轻微的哭声告诉他她也感觉到了，而且他的大脑立刻关闭，只剩下原始的唤起、占有、取悦的冲动。
tr	I	The tigers were out and the cages were empty .
tr	O	她仰头看着我，而且我突然想给她世界上所有的答案。
tr	O	这是他们唯一知道的世界，并且他们相信它是完美的。
tr	I	Even though she wasn 't young , she wasn 't that behind the times either , and she needed to clean up in the kitchen .
tr	O	我舔了舔嘴唇，等着他告诉我该做什么，但是他什么也没说。
tr	O	他躺在柏油路上，几乎一动不动，并且对她的话毫不在乎。
tr	O	她的声音沙哑了，但是她还是继续说了下去。
tr	I	Cal came in and the door opened .
tr	I	She hugged Toby tighter against her chest , and just thinking about it now made her blush with embarrassment .
tr	I	Spike ran around our feet and I poked him in the ribs while he laughed .
tr	O	我已接近成功，但是这并不容易。
tr	O	那是一个深沉而丰盈的唇舌交融，并且她发现自己热情地参与其中。
tr	I	It reeked of bad breath , and Sounds of people panting filled the small space .
tr	I	After listening Jason complained that she again was taking too great a risk , and the discussion turned towards her plan .
tr	O	她试图移动，想坐起来，并且她发现自己身上多处酸痛。
tr	O	她内心如火焚烧，并且她所有的情感都显露在她的眼中。
tr	I	It was enough to guide her to more of the Dark Wet , but the Dark Wet still sang inside her , almost too quiet to feel .
tr	O	这样就只剩下不到十亿人没有变异，并且这些人中大多数被感染者袭击了。
tr	I	We have run into some difficulties in operating it , but we have the device for which you are searching .
tr	O	我的腿一软，并且我向后飞去。
tr	I	We continued to fire at them until the front door opened , his mansion in flames and more shots rang out at us .
tr	O	她问过他，并且当他只是和她说话时，她听起来真的很失望。
tr	O	普拉卡是七十年前的事了，并且如果她的卢西安是我的卢西安，我们就有大麻烦了。
tr	O	她点了点头，并且他钻进了帐篷门帘下。
tr	I	The people knew how to survive , despite the bleak conditions by living off the land , but Winter was brutal this far north .
tr	O	我不知道，但是我清楚我只有那么长的时间来赶走这些人。
tr	I	I thought my eardrums would burst , and we were twenty steps away already .
tr	I	He 'll stay with you until it 's time to take you to the restaurant and a driver will be waiting for you after work .
tr	O	麦吉先生跟着她进了厨房，并且一声响亮的耳光被所有人听到了。
tr	I	The tires had been slit and when I went outside to my sports car , it was keyed .
tr	I	I read it all the same , but I feel a pang of guilt while doing so .
tr	O	我的意思是，是的，我以前见过他的照片，但是他身上有些东西……然后我明白了。
tr	I	I 'm sure he has other powers , but Jonas can 't use his simulacra anymore .
tr	O	男人们在列队时抱怨着，并且他们就出发了。
tr	O	血色染上了他雕塑般的颧骨顶部，并且我的手指痒痒地冲动着想把他的乌黑头发从额头拂开。
tr	I	Underneath was the hardness of something more than bone , but the robot 's flesh felt soft to his fingers .
tr	O	如果他们还在那里，子弹就会找到他们，但是无法知道黑暗中有什么。
tr	I	I stuck my head out of the dressing room and the door to the exam room opened back up .
tr	I	If I didn 't know it was Ellis I 'd probably run away , and he looks menacing .
tr	O	妈妈走过去需要五分钟，但是她绝不会乐意满脸通红地抵达任何地方。
tr	I	Septimus stays as limp as a rag , but she puts her mouth over her baby 's to try to breathe life into him .
tr	I	I could hear it clearly in the near silent dungeon , but her voice was soft .
tr	I	Mara 's trail continued past their scouting region , and then he reached the edge of the territory .
tr	I	The key was in the ignition , turned to the run position and the finger was skeletal .
tr	O	我站起来，并且他跟着。
tr	O	她没有，但是她会这样想。
tr	I	He shrugged his shoulders and I looked at Asher .
tr	I	A shiver of pleasure snaked through me , and I froze as his skin touched mine .
tr	O	她把那把银色刷子放到梳妆台上，并且泰莎惊讶地看到她的手在颤抖。
tr	I	A wall of red blasted out from me in a big wave and I sent everything I had at him .
tr	I	She knew it was more for drama than from exertion , but he was breathing heavily , his nostrils flaring widely .
tr	O	我们的吻很热烈，并且我不想它停止。
tr	I	The insults were worse than ever , and the paintings laughed louder than ever .
tr	O	我的鼻子紧紧贴着卡勒姆的胸膛，并且我闻到一股浓郁的清新洗衣味。
tr	I	I don 't know where I 've been , but I feel like I 've just come home .
tr	I	The friendly smile was waning and concern took over his features .
tr	O	风声减弱，并且声音也消失了。
tr	O	我需要一杯饮料，并且我需要一些烈性的东西。
tr	I	I didn 't want an audience , but I wanted to try Stryker again .
tr	O	正在聚集的风暴的风猛烈地拍打着我的身体，并且我紧紧地抓住了救命的砖块。
tr	I	I remembered every time I 'd curled in his human arms , and I remembered every kiss we 'd ever had .
tr	I	Jenny grinned , and not sure what to say to this , Shawn just shrugged .
tr	O	我很感激能收到任何人的花，但是我很失望这不是布兰登送的。
tr	O	我低下头，略微有些尴尬，但是我就是无法抹去脸上那灿烂的笑容。
tr	O	衣橱的门猛地打开了，并且米兰达摔了出来，咳嗽着。
tr	I	To my welcoming surprise , the bridge was just up ahead and I stared ahead to see where we were going .
tr	I	My shoulder was sore as hell from pitching and I 'd just got home from sophomore tryouts .
tr	I	We didn 't really know one another but we had our perceptions of one another .
tr	I	I didn 't see her but the flight attendant was usually strapped in a seat in the front .
tr	I	I imagined Talbott was really good at his job , but I didn 't know many bodyguards in general .
tr	O	他不忍心看到她身上的那些伤痕，并且当他帮助别人时，她已经受了足够久的苦。
tr	O	谢天谢地保罗仍然抓着她的手臂，否则她当时就会摔个屁股蹲儿。
tr	I	Should I say , I don 't remember putting it here , or I didn 't .
tr	I	He doesn 't bother to hide his feelings but he hears the pain in his own voice .
tr	I	My brother didn 't care for it , and she didn 't want to at first .
tr	O	他用双手支撑着身体，并且他的目光掠过我的衣服。
tr	O	再弄几下，并且他就会恢复原样。
tr	I	Mom only agreed , and I hate it when she summons me that , mainly because Eleanor is the name my father chose .
tr	I	I gasped for breath and my mouth dropped open .
tr	O	他能看到她眼中的伤痛，并且这让他感到一种奇怪的痛苦。
tr	O	我慢慢睁开眼睛，发现我正对着墙，并且拂晓的光芒在万物上刻画出奇特的角度。
tr	O	尽管如此，他还是像一个渴死的人一样把它们一饮而尽，但是不可否认的是，这次经历严重震撼了他。
tr	O	他们身后传来警车警笛的嘈杂声，并且三辆，接着是四辆车在围观人群后面嘎吱一声停了下来。
tr	O	角落里的举重凳很可能是他的，但是每个人都把他们的健身器材存放在客房里。
tr	I	She had a feeling she just looked scared , but Emma tried her best to smile .
tr	O	我要午饭，而且我不想在这里吃。
tr	I	Finally , he gave in , suddenly switching to a violent frenzy of a rhythm that offered no mercy , and she begged .
tr	O	回到我们村大约有五十英里，并且我猜到下一个大约有一百英里。
tr	O	我现在真的很想伤害你，但是如果我妹妹爱你，我就不会。
tr	O	我眨了几次眼，好像我没有吸到足够的空气，而且我快要昏过去了。
tr	O	我不确定顺序，但是我想我以后可以把它修好。
tr	I	I can 't make the laser rifle shoot , but the targets pop up again .
tr	O	它只有部分在峡谷中幸存了下来，并且她正在利用所有能找到的木头。
tr	O	人们可以进行所有喜欢的测量，但是只有将其与船只的氧气消耗量进行比较时，才能做出决定。
tr	I	I stopped him , but he started to put it back in his pocket .
tr	O	这之前已经做过几十次了，但是埃利斯在插入前总是会再次检查。
tr	O	她看着我，略带担忧，但是她的眼睛里闪烁着一丝光芒。
tr	O	我的手指环住了他的手，并且我用力地泵了一下。
tr	O	我的王座位于这个中原行省，并且我保护着这座城市的心脏。
tr	I	They call Phil and Andy signs off .
tr	I	We 'll go on to my place from there , and I 'll meet you at the Navy dock .
tr	O	他因她的问题而扬起黑色的眉毛，但是他没有把目光从那只小狗身上移开。
tr	I	No one else , and just a little over three months , they 'd told family a few days ago .
tr	O	灯光稍微暗了一些，并且屏幕亮了起来。
tr	I	He was working on it , but he wasn 't sure he deserved the label yet .
tr	I	She had me again , but I tried to pull away from her .
tr	O	我真的无法忘记那个地方，并且我总是希望它从未发生过，希望我从未在那里。
tr	O	下午晚些时候，风暴开始平息，并且雨势也减小了一些。
tr	O	他的手在大腿上颤抖着，并且他的呼吸变得更加急促。
tr	O	我感觉到他的手指紧扼着我的脖子，并且我在想，这就是结局了吗。
tr	O	她半身探出窗外，并且他迅速地吻了她。
tr	O	他后悔对他的主人大喊大叫，但是他坚持自己的决定。
tr	I	It echoed in the night and I let out a shriek .
tr	I	The great snowy owl drifted away on soft , noiseless wings , and then she blurred .
tr	O	我准备好长篇大论地解释原因，但是结果发现没必要。
tr	I	Instead you had to get us to come with you , but if you were so brave you would have come out here on your own .
tr	O	也许不是我希望我们在一起的方式，但是已经足够接近了。
tr	O	我的手沿着他赤裸的胸膛向上抚摸，并且我把手臂环绕在他的脖子上。
tr	O	马修仍然凝视着阿米莉亚的眼睛，但是她的脸在他面前似乎在变形。
tr	O	她也皱起了眉，并且她的表情变得沉思起来。
tr	O	我想我之前应该告诉他，但是我不能确定他会如何回应。
tr	O	这是珍妮写过的最后一封信，并且语气与其他信截然不同。
tr	O	我看不见血，但是她摸起来冰冷。
tr	I	I thought you were perfect and you came along .
tr	I	The hormones were surging after a month together , and they went on a date , then another .
tr	I	Another Arab fell to the ground and three more rifle shots rang out .
tr	I	She asked me when the last time I had ice cream was , and we sat down at a small table in the ice cream shop .
tr	I	A big cloud of despair can be lifted from him , and my dad can still be proud of what he made .
tr	O	他的手握住了刀柄，并且他走上山坡。
tr	O	凉水拍打着她赤裸的脚趾，并且她感到汗水从脖子流下。
tr	I	She dropped that train of thought and another bout of dizziness took over .
tr	O	我非常喜欢她，并且她是个好人。
tr	I	He didn 't turn around , but Kozlov froze quickly .
tr	O	他们是那种会监视房客的房东，并且计划的事情与他们无关。
tr	O	我第一次说不出话，并且她却可以？
tr	I	Limbs were torn from bodies , and Blood flew into the setting sun .
tr	O	在他弄清楚对方那句话是什么意思之前，他的办公室门突然打开了，并且特蕾莎冲了进来。
tr	O	他显然很担心，但是他最主要关心的是他能做些什么来提供帮助。
tr	O	那个年轻人答应敲麦克的门，并且不久之后，另一个学生到达了休息室。
tr	I	We see eye to eye , and here we help each other .
tr	O	她的臀部疯狂地摆动，但是他没有停下来。
tr	I	Never looking inward and blaming others for bad choices ?
tr	O	他们闯进了我们藏身的汽车旅馆，并且他们在她睡觉时将她钉住。
tr	I	He still doesn 't look at me , but his head lowers .
tr	I	It didn 't help my impression of him and it was the first time he had spoken .
tr	I	He led me into a shop they had taken over as their guard post , and I asked .
tr	I	It silenced Lady Margaret entirely , and this she said in the most deeply affecting manner .
tr	I	She sighed as her feet took her inside after him , but she resisted with all her might .
tr	O	他听到他的兄弟们对他大喊大叫，但是他无法回应。
tr	I	Kellan doesn 't even approach Dallas , and Realm refuses to talk at all .
tr	I	Jessie didn 't come to comfort me , but I covered my face with my hands .
tr	O	他的声音平静、低沉，并且我的声音开始变得更响。
tr	O	保守党未能保住选票，并且通过这样做，他们迫使进行了大选。
tr	O	她的眼睛闪闪发光，并且她用舌头长而慢地舔了一下嘴唇。
tr	I	Cisco was the official leader and many of our people , including the captain , had died of the fever .
tr	I	That changed the second he left for spring training but I was doing just fine .
tr	I	Graeme was right , and he was the sort who would have carried them on his person .
tr	O	他的表情难以理解，但是杜鹃花的表情却能理解。
tr	O	她不知道他现在为何更担忧，但是她也不曾接触过他的安全简报。
tr	O	房间门轻声关上的声音传入他耳中，并且他又看向格雷格。
tr	O	他从未像享受她的陪伴一样享受过其他女人的陪伴，并且他觉得他们可以一起做任何事。
tr	I	They had done all they could , but the pilot wished that he could be of some help .
tr	O	他将手指抚过我的颧骨，并且我努力不畏缩，尽管我很想。
tr	O	埃文试图安慰我，但是那没有任何用处。
tr	I	That wasn 't what seized my attention , but the bars glowed a ghostly electric blue .
tr	I	That was that and you left .
tr	I	My favorite red matte lipstick finishes off the look , and my blonde hair hangs in loose , easy waves .
tr	O	它现在可能不是蓝色的，但是它以前是蓝色的。
tr	I	He answered immediately and a quick glance told him it was work .
tr	I	I watched the two of them walk slowly to the car , and Garrett wrapped his arm around her waist .
tr	I	She 'd let her answering machine take the call , and the phone had rung twice while we were there .
tr	I	He bent to kiss her soft cheek and she cupped his face in her hands .
tr	I	It was hard to say with the scope of our jobs , but I 'd figured that would mean Los Angeles .
tr	I	Before long I realize that she 's staring at me and her eyes are open .
tr	I	Dee nodded her agreement as I spoke , and I unofficially confirmed it was Andrew .
tr	I	The other man did the same with Finn , and the man holding her arms yanked her toward the door .
tr	O	我知道本恨透了我们所有人，但是我没想到他真的想让我们死。
tr	I	I 'm going to put this whole god-awful night behind me forever , and I 'm going to go home to my family , to Thayer .
tr	O	神奇地记住答案会很容易，但是那总觉得像是在作弊。
tr	I	Overthrowing a court is so tedious , and I 've made a nice little realm for myself here .
tr	I	She simply watched me with that curious gaze of hers but I looked up at her , waiting for her reply .
tr	I	The more he pondered the situation the fewer choices he had , and his options were limited .
tr	I	Their mental bond was strong , unbreakable , but the exchange was not , perhaps , as the Carpathian mating ritual demanded .
tr	O	他后悔离开了，但是他怎能让艾米拉独自跑进黑暗中呢？
tr	I	We talked to the manager as well , and we worked out all kinds of details .
tr	I	I was afraid it would be too sheer to wear , and I could barely feel it .
tr	I	I felt myself completely disassociated from it but all this activity was going on around me .
tr	I	He persisted anyway but Gage wasn 't sure he wanted to hear this .
tr	I	I just briefly observed the strange effect , and for now though , I ignored its significance , [ there wasn 't any at the time ] .
tr	I	I closed my jaw , and the relaxed , happy feeling slowly evaporated .
tr	O	我试图挣脱开，但是已经太迟了。
tr	O	她自信地看着镜头又坐了几秒钟，并且场景逐渐变黑。
tr	O	她穿着一件黛安·冯·芙丝汀宝裹身裙，看起来很漂亮，而且钻石耳钉在她耳边闪闪发光。
tr	O	现在他被迫审视拉夫可能会如何看待他的交易，并且他对自己所发现的一切感到羞愧。
tr	O	我累了，而且我的脚很疼。
tr	I	You are certainly mistaken or you either have a peculiar sense of humor .
tr	I	We are in the clear and Daniel turns onto another road .
tr	I	The eclipse was complete and a brief eternity passed .
tr	I	She shuddered beneath his touch , and he rested a palm on each globe of her ass .
tr	I	He 's going to take it out on Ella and I feel my inside wind into knots , worried that it 's going to upset him .
tr	I	None of it makes any sense , but he was dreaming about Mia again .
tr	O	她收回了手，同时站了起来，并且他与她一起站了起来。
tr	I	Ed wanted security ready to sweep them up immediately and Hunger would force them down out of the mountains .
tr	O	每个人都吓了一跳，但是珍妮特站起来看是谁。
tr	O	我试图对他关上门，但是我没能足够快地关上。
tr	O	偶尔妮可会在那双通常温暖的淡褐色眼睛里瞥见一丝萦绕不散的目光，但是至少哈利去世后的抑郁情绪已经消散了。
tr	I	I wasn 't about to divulge that information but I also intended to visit Don 's grave .
tr	O	像我一样的艾斯林永远无法离开家，但是她也有自己的抱负。
tr	I	I thought I was about to cry and my eyes grew wider .
tr	I	He was single-minded in his determination to achieve that objective and he had an objective .
tr	I	I felt a strong tug , and that ghostly wind soon returned .
tr	O	我忘了我们在哪个县，但是我暂时不想问。
tr	O	他张开嘴想救她，但是她一直讨厌那些公式化的白马王子。
tr	O	他的握手出奇地有力，但是他的手本身却很柔软。
tr	O	她的心因他的靠近以及他绝望地舔舐时发出的低吼声而狂跳。
tr	I	I was the only one , but I hadn 't been raped .
tr	O	她将头向前倾，并且他迅速挪动了他的手臂。
tr	O	莎拉笑了笑，并且丹尼尔看着我。
tr	O	凯蒂猛地抬起头，而且第一次，里克看到她的表情变得警惕。
tr	O	我听到了他的声音，但是听起来很遥远。
tr	O	莱昂张开嘴想尖叫，但是没有发出任何声音。
tr	I	He really didn 't seem to care , truth be known but he briefly glanced at it .
tr	O	他点了点头，并且她开始演奏一首他能完美音高演唱的欢快乐曲。
tr	O	我直到上周才见过内特，但是我还是想向那个男孩的家人表示哀悼。
tr	I	She dialed it and John told her the number .
tr	I	Devin wasn 't buying into my deceit , but despite the pain , I forced myself to keep walking .
tr	O	没有声音，并且我没有感到任何疼痛。
tr	I	I began to lose awareness completely , and Talbott sounded almost scared .
tr	O	她想要那笔钱，并且她怀念性。
tr	I	Really it wasn 't , but it seemed like a coincidence .
tr	O	好的，所以最后一部分有点夸张，但是，她仍然同样有罪。
tr	O	我不能看着科尔的眼睛，否则，我就站不稳了。
tr	I	She could tell by the expression on his that he knew he 'd gone too far and she yanked her hand away .
tr	O	她的手放在门闩上时，她感到后脑勺一阵剧痛，并且，她随后就什么也感觉不到了。
tr	O	我本会报答这份恩情的，但是，他陷得太深了无法停止。
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to move away .
tr	I	He was taking her back to retrieve her car and Everything changed once they were in the truck again .
tr	I	I could relax , and she was here .
tr	O	我爱你，并且，我想你。
tr	I	Most of her wounds were psychological , but she had a few bruises .
tr	O	她的双腿颤抖着，并且，她的手指开始快速移动。
tr	O	风势渐强，并且，报丧女妖尖叫起来。
tr	I	She was part of me and I became one with her .
tr	O	火焰吓坏了他们所有人，并且，他们不想和它们有任何关系。
tr	O	我想他本应该把它们卖掉，但是他却把它们用掉了。
tr	I	Mike feared that he was on the end of a losing battle , and the beast was much stronger than it 's decaying state would suggest .
tr	O	他们对我不感兴趣，并且这种感觉是毫无疑问地相互的。
tr	O	我感觉好像在听别人的历史，并且我被迷住了。
tr	O	泰拉有农作物，但是它们不需要如此巨大的规模。
tr	O	嗯，警长的一个手下进行了逮捕，但是他们两人一起进行了随后的调查。
tr	I	I 'd never imagined myself on horseback , but I 'd seen people riding on television .
tr	I	He shut the door after me and slightly unnerved , I got in .
tr	O	雅各布的微笑变成了咧嘴大笑，并且我知道他正在想象查理来逮捕他。
tr	O	这是一种岌岌可危的处境，并且达米安感到自己开始失去控制。
tr	O	他从未看到任何定居点，并且警卫告诉他附近没有城镇。
tr	I	They hadn 't been coincidental , and we 'd seen vampire disappearances before .
tr	O	我希望我的替补队员在场边为他们加油助威，但是如果你绊倒裁判，我会收拾你。
tr	O	他的心跳不规律，并且我抱得更紧了。
tr	I	I were finally preparing to leave and my phone buzzed in my purse , just as Ms. Terwilliger .
tr	O	她丝毫没有疑虑，并且我知道她没有追随朋友去那条河的危险。
tr	I	She was scared too , but Bridgett was being sarcastic .
tr	O	艾比点了点头，并且剑从她背上浮了起来。
tr	O	她捏了捏米迦的肩膀，并且他抬头对她笑了笑。
tr	O	黛博拉在他身后喊道，但是他没有回应。
tr	I	He quickly replaced it with an easy smile , but confusion crossed his handsome face for a second .
tr	I	It had to be done , but it was a terrible business .
tr	O	他们来到了龙之荒地，并且他们是在年末时节到达的。
tr	O	一股灼热的火焰从手腕窜上我的手臂，并且我弓下身子，用另一只手抓住那条手臂。
tr	I	I thought longingly of the bed upstairs with its fluffy , white comforter and though it was only seven , I was exhausted .
tr	I	I gave him his chance to say goodbye , and I tried to put myself in his shoes .
tr	O	克雷格不愿打扰正在康复的那个人，但是他需要一些重要的建议。
tr	I	The stream continued to rage and as we waited , the day turned to night .
tr	I	She laughed in happiness , and she felt herself blush .
tr	I	God does know the future and with this scroll it proves the Bible is correct .
tr	O	我之前开的是可待因，但是最后那个是纯吗啡片剂。
tr	O	也许那样很直白，但是我发现有时直言不讳会让每个人的生活更轻松。
tr	I	Challenging people and too many unexpected difficulties .
tr	O	海伦动了动嘴唇，但是没有声音发出。
tr	I	I was used to her temper , but the Valkyrie kept glaring at me .
tr	O	琳达在她身后问道，并且她转过身。
tr	I	All her friends were out a hefty amount of money , and if there wasn 't any alcohol , her party would be ruined .
tr	I	It 's got puffy little short sleeves and the neckline comes low across my chest .
tr	O	他们无情地攻击，并且他们不留活口。
tr	O	他完全以他的诚实解除了她的武装，并且她因此而爱慕他。
tr	O	理智在那时占据了上风，并且我抓住了格栅。
tr	O	大多数人认为所有的血液都一样，并且在某些方面，或许确实如此。
tr	O	尽管在任何外人看来他们年龄相仿，她能感受到她的生命和娜迪亚的生命之间隔着的所有世纪。
tr	O	整个王国都在庆祝订婚，而且，更重要的是，他的人民需要一些值得庆祝的事情。
tr	I	A hand steadied my chest and before I lost it completely , a shoulder went under my arm .
tr	I	They stopped to rest for a while and Declan seemed to realize this .
tr	I	She slumped back in her chair , so relieved she thought she might faint , and it came back empty .
tr	O	一声轻微的哭声响起，并且艾米丽转过身。
tr	O	我需要停止偷听，但是我我就像被粘在原地一样。
tr	I	It was okay , but I couldn 't finish the thought .
tr	O	他也为此等了很久，并且我立刻为他感到难过。
tr	O	凯尔西给斯宾塞的信令人费解，并且她给艾米丽的信简直令人心碎。
tr	I	They were finally inside the stadium and the gate attendant scanned their tickets .
tr	O	科尔几次瞥见了远处的飞行生物，并且有一次他看到了一些蹒跚的土堆穿过一片偏远的田野。
tr	I	That basically meant she was in for it , and Toni sounded like a woman 's name .
tr	O	大海现在更蓝了，并且沙子更白了。
tr	O	人行道的尽头有一扇门，并且健司推开了它。
tr	I	He was pleased , and now someone was acknowledging his contribution .
tr	I	Blow out the flight controls if I take off , and he thinks he 'll sink me if I submerge .
tr	O	科尔可以让我免受这个世界的痛苦，并且在那一刻，我想和他一起走。
tr	O	我在电影里见过酷酷的家伙这样做，但是我看起来像一条腿比另一条腿短了一大截。
tr	I	Then everything faded into a lemon yellow haze , like she was lying in the sunlight , and she nodded sleepily .
tr	O	她以前做过一次，并且结果还不错。
tr	O	塔比莎对谈话的转变感到惊讶，但是这比其他一些可能性要好得多。
tr	O	米斯蒂可能非常想喝水，但是她喝了会很傻。
tr	O	那是我能做的最好的了，但是这还不够。
tr	I	We bedded up for the night and he lowered the lantern .
tr	I	Rema had only further aggravated her , and Cassie had walked into the room upset over something .
tr	I	All have dark pools of blood around them , but some are face up , some face down .
tr	I	I could feel Savannah tighten her grip on my hand , and our feet slipped with every step .
tr	I	She put hers in it and he held out his hand .
tr	O	我今晚学会了恰恰舞，并且我跳得很好。
tr	O	我不是特别饿，但是我不想让他觉得我不吃正常的东西。
tr	O	地板是干的，并且墙壁是防水的。
tr	O	他在那一刻正在睡着，并且他也不在意去抵抗。
tr	I	You can become a great ruler with clean hands , but I will go down as a controversial leader .
tr	I	No one looked at him , and he spoke to no one .
tr	O	虽有不甘，他们很快就会得到答案，并且它将以无人能预料的形式出现。
tr	O	彼得喜欢塞拉，当她看起来很漂亮并且他可以炫耀她的时候。
tr	O	他的指尖划过我的脸颊边缘，并且突然间，阳光的温暖与那触碰的热度相比，显得微不足道。
tr	I	Mortimer instantly halted and Evangeline called out .
tr	I	Sweat wouldn 't be breaking out on my forehead and if I were a real spy , my heart wouldn 't be knocking against my ribcage .
tr	O	他试图待在他家对面院子的阴影里，但是由于他的兴奋，这很困难。
tr	O	她打了个哈欠，并且他的笑容变得真诚了。
tr	I	She did not reply , but hellfire eyes narrowed at me .
tr	I	Thrust into that arena would prove incapable of ruling themselves , and they had no capacity for politics .
tr	O	我本应高兴，但是这一切都不完整。
tr	I	This time , she couldn 't stay , but it was usually Shane who ran away .
tr	I	Yet he couldn 't control himself and he knew it was wrong to flirt with her .
tr	I	The posters they circulated are blowing round like tumbleweed and the search has been cut back again .
tr	O	那个点的渡口是两边很长一段距离内能找到最好的，并且因此几条印第安小径汇集在那里。
tr	I	I only know of the two leaves that are available for now but of course the whole book is probably of huge importance to us .
tr	O	他没能入选主力阵容，但是他在训练中获得了练习机会。
tr	O	她搂着我，并且尽管我们都在笑，我们却没有看镜头。
tr	O	他耸了耸肩，并且我的笑容淡去了。
tr	O	这是迄今为止最轻微的，但是我以为他会想来找我玩。
tr	I	My hands were too cold for me to care , but the hall to my door seemed lonelier than usual .
tr	I	Gustav didn 't sound concerned about Jeff 's well being , but the words were said .
tr	I	Together they waited for the inevitable and he reached for Maggie 's hand .
tr	O	这大概是人们听说过的最不寻常的关系了，但是它是属于我们的。
tr	O	他们喝了太多酒，并且每个人都在努力在马背上展示自己的英勇，以超越他人。
tr	I	We 're not trying to save my kind , but I believe you probably stayed up long enough to get the general idea .
tr	O	我不想对他撒谎，但是我不能告诉他真相。
tr	I	The other three crowded around the piano , and Ji Hu sat with him on the bench .
tr	I	My skin crawled , and I looked back .
tr	O	炼金术士们服从了，并且一旦他们解除武装，我就命令他们到她站立的屋顶的另一边去。
tr	I	She had to find it quickly and the bottom line was that she had to find whatever was waiting to be discovered on the mall roof .
tr	O	尤里试图制定计划，但是这完全不可能。
tr	O	他明天晚上会到，并且安妮安排了亚历山德拉的父亲带她一个星期，就在他在这里的这一个星期。
tr	O	他很聪明，而且他很善良。
tr	O	这是一所天才学生的学校，而且这种事通常不会在这里发生。
tr	I	He wouldn 't meet her eyes but she turned to look at him .
tr	O	莎伦笑了，并且我对他感到非常愤怒。
tr	O	他看起来足够开心，并且他们担心他无法自食其力，因为他曾告诉他们弗兰克要离开了。
tr	I	His other senses were in overdrive , but fear was keeping his eyes closed .
tr	O	没有像在新墨西哥州那里那么多血，并且艾特挺过来了。
tr	I	I immediately roll my eyes , and James is next to me .
tr	I	Her sister , your great aunt , brought her back days later , and she was killed in an accident .
tr	I	He was going to relish every part of it and this was going to be a long afternoon .
tr	O	我走在扶手的右侧，并且詹姆斯立刻开始从左侧楼梯走上去，跟着我。
tr	O	我爱我的哥哥，并且你让他开心。
tr	O	这说不通，但是那个男人也从未指望事情说得通。
tr	I	He didn 't think it was another hospital , but he had no idea where he was , when he was .
tr	I	My stomach fluttered , and I looked down .
tr	I	Kellan smiled softly when he saw me from the couch , and I came down when it was close enough to leave .
tr	O	她尊重真正的男人，并且猎人团的成员个个都很阳刚。
tr	O	该死的，我像笼子里的动物一样被关着，并且我无法靠近你。
tr	I	She won 't waste her magic on a rainbow and when you fall , the heavens won 't weep .
tr	I	We agreed to meet at the farm , and I told him the earliest would be Sunday morning , late .
tr	O	月光渐渐消退了，并且风也变大了。
tr	O	电梯几乎立刻就响了，而且门滑开了。
tr	O	这花了他一整天的时间，但是他终于回到了红空洞的摊位所在的市场。
tr	O	我知道他正在那所学校学习，但是我没想到我也会在他的班级里分到同一个小组。
tr	I	The council had Taken Steps , and there had been some vandalism in the graveyard the previous year .
tr	O	皮娅刺耳的语调伴随他进入房间，而且她也没有远在身后。
tr	I	I blushed fiercely and he raised an eyebrow at that .
tr	I	She must have wanted them to meet me for some reason , and I guess I haven 't actually agreed to help her yet .
tr	I	She flashed a heart-stopping smile and her mouth curved .
tr	I	He knows it and we ´ re no match for him .
tr	O	我已经将近两天没吃东西了，而且看到那些板条箱让我头晕目眩。
tr	I	I couldn 't get through to his cell , but I tried to reach him to let him know I was coming .
tr	I	It was better than nothing , but it was too small .
tr	O	他对他的搭档说了些什么，并且他们俩都转过身面向房子。
tr	O	这是她现在的生活了，并且她必须掌控它。
tr	I	She plucked at the charm that hung around Madrigal 's neck , and a frown creased her scaled brow .
tr	O	我伸手去拿床头柜上的它，并且显示了两条新消息。
tr	I	He went out and he had a um , call last night .
tr	O	她的眼睛迅速地望向建筑物，但是随着一个声音响起，它们又垂了下来。
tr	O	所有的吸血鬼都笑了，并且一股寒意传遍了我的脊椎。
tr	O	她找不到他，但是她知道他就在那里。
tr	I	The two looked at stars through the thinning clouds , and the rain had stopped .
tr	O	她用弩追踪那只鸟，但是她内心深处有某种东西拒绝杀死它。
tr	O	那是一次不寻常的爆发，并且我们默默地旅行了一段路。
tr	O	也许这很冷酷，但是我不那么担心他。
tr	O	我感觉自己被海浪卷住，并且它正把我卷来卷去。
tr	I	I remained firm , yet as I listened to her words questions exploded in my consciousness .
tr	I	It 's happening , but it 's very slow .
tr	I	Now she speculated she was on her fifth shot of Jack Daniel 's , and she had about four Wild Turkeys in 1963 before she left .
tr	O	我们需要了解情况，并且你却像块石头一样坐着。
tr	I	It 's hard to tell time , but we 've been here for a while .
tr	I	Even Magnus looked unsettled , and Izzy 's face was drained white with horror .
tr	I	She was undeniably popular with the men in attendance , but Lady Sybil obviously didn 't have many female friends .
tr	I	Conway came in and a few moments later the room door slid open .
tr	I	That 's what Mia wanted to do , and Gran made jewelry when she was alive .
tr	I	Her stomach fluttered , and her heart raced .
tr	I	My eardrums ached from the noise , and my chest rumbled from the vibrations .
tr	I	His quill continued to scratch away on the parchment , and the man at the table merely laughed .
tr	O	爸爸看起来都……黏糊糊的，并且他的眼睛闪闪发光。
tr	O	他通常不是那种多愁善感、浪漫的人，但是这个环境的某些东西让他变成了那样。
tr	O	他对自己的话报以微笑，并且他大大地松了一口气。
tr	O	我曾推开的心痛、失落、恐惧以及强烈的爱。
tr	I	She disappeared around the corner , and I signaled Kara to leave .
tr	O	我让自己的母亲感到一无是处，并且我还为此而笑。
tr	I	It was rolling in like massive brown clouds across the water and the smoke was thick .
tr	I	They go through the motions anyway , but both parties know what is happening .
tr	I	I hate being pushed , but fear is driving most of my outburst .
tr	I	I guess I must look a mess , and her eyes are full of pity though .
tr	O	娜塔莉亚，你上周见过她，她非常想嫁给我哥哥，并且我以为这会发生。
tr	I	He pretended right back that they didn 't , but he knew the Exiles knew he was pretending .
tr	O	是的他很难过，但是这太愚蠢了。
tr	I	I did finally figure it out , but I may not be the sharpest tool in the shed .
tr	O	刀刃转动了几下，并且我再次前往采石场，去挖更多实在的石头。
tr	O	他带着一丝怒气回头看我，并且我知道他不喜欢我打断他们的谈话。
tr	I	The video store had offered her a job first but she 'd tried to get on at Annie 's .
tr	O	我完全不理解他，而且我真的不明白杰克为何对我如此激动。
tr	O	她还在为那场舞会兴奋不已，并且他们显然一直在谈论这件事。
tr	I	It was a real mess , and a lightening bolt in the sky lit up for the moment , the torrent of waters .
tr	I	In the final I shall fall , but I shall win my next joust , aye .
tr	O	一丝微弱的动静引起了他的注意，并且他抬头看到赫姆洛克正悬停在他的门外。
tr	O	他拿起他的行李袋并把它甩到肩上。
tr	I	I could feel the condemnation radiating from her , but my back was to her .
tr	O	莎莉向我走来，并且我抱住了她。
tr	O	我不知道我到底对你做了什么，让你如此恨我，但是我不再当你的小巫毒娃娃了。
tr	O	它很遥远，但是感觉更近了。
tr	I	They wanted receipts , but they didn 't particularly care how much was spent .
tr	O	他们都和Mac安顿下来了，而且事情似乎进展得很顺利，有他在团队里。
tr	I	There was a letter from James , and Breakfast was waiting .
tr	I	A sword was fastened around his waist , and his hair was tied up in a ponytail .
tr	O	浴室的门突然开了，并且我猛地抬起头，同时一个仆人探头进来。
tr	O	丽娜的眼睛眯成了警惕的细缝，并且莎拉脸上的血色也褪去了。
tr	O	我抬起手臂伸展，但是其中一只却垂了下来。
tr	I	It might just be that he was swaying ... or the earth seemed to move beneath his feet .
tr	O	她在保护自己，并且他完全明白这一点。
tr	I	I can 't , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	他眨了眨眼，并且他的嘴唇张开了。
tr	I	For the time being he kept his mouth shut about it but Daniel was less convinced .
tr	I	I began to feel nauseated and the scream grew louder .
tr	O	我缓缓地点了点头，并且我的声音最终发出时变得沙哑。
tr	O	她哭喊着，跃上柜台，并且她从柜台顶部一跃而下，同时她的武器爆发出了耀眼的光芒。
tr	O	当服务员来喂她时，她试图抓住他们，并且他们不得不小心，不要离她太近。
tr	I	I will knock you unconscious and speak ill of her again .
tr	I	Her heart turned over and Hal grinned at Karen .
tr	I	There was a good chance that I wouldn 't be back and I left the house then .
tr	O	这花了特里斯坦几秒钟，但是很快他就从大火中解脱出来。
tr	O	布雷克有一种反常的欲望，想让马克，以及他所有的冷酷无情，在椅子上扭动。
tr	I	His breath was ripped away from him , and he felt as if he was breathing .
tr	O	大门飞快地打开了，并且蓝铃草冲了出来，就像一个本月任务未达标的地狱魔鬼。
tr	I	Elves aren 't an obvious target , and harpies aren 't an obvious weapon .
tr	I	I can 't leave Colville , but I know you 're disappointed .
tr	I	She can tell he is mad , but he isn 't looking at her .
tr	O	这是一个简单的陈述，但是我的头晕目眩。
tr	I	Booths were being dismantled and sellers were packing up .
tr	I	Alex was just warming up and after five they were breathing heavily .
tr	O	她倒下时大喊，并且她开始反抗。
tr	O	我让自己安静下来，但是尖叫声还在继续。
tr	I	The children that are born rarely survive the first year of life , but no one knows why .
tr	O	你说你和你的妻子，抱歉，前妻，仍然在同一个圈子里混。
tr	I	I stood covering myself as best I could , and I had not been wolf long enough to become comfortable with my nudity .
tr	O	发出了一系列听不见的声调，并且灯后发出了一系列机械咔嗒声。
tr	I	His legs were shaking and he could barely move .
tr	O	杰森将车挂入前进挡，并且我们便开走了。
tr	I	She was ready to kick some major ass , and she was feeling invincible .
tr	I	The lioness was not hurrying toward the surface of me , but my pulse was speeding up .
tr	I	We 'll always be grateful that we had the honor of serving with him in the Marines and he was an extremely talented engineer .
tr	O	我们快到公交车站了，然而我完全没懂他的幽默。
tr	I	She cuddled him in her arms and Dante collapsed on top of her .
tr	O	她的脸洗得干干净净，没有一丝妆容，并且她很美丽。
tr	I	It escalates quickly to drugs and when she 's drinking nothing else matters .
tr	O	你很坚强，并且我非常钦佩你。
tr	O	她感到自己的胸腔因打击而裂开，并且她痛苦地在地上翻滚。
tr	I	My throat was too dry , but I wanted to call out a greeting .
tr	O	有过几个绝望的月份，而且那个第一个冬天非常糟糕。
tr	I	I saw the disappointment in his eyes , but Evan kissed my forehead .
tr	O	他花了很多时间在那里，因为他喜欢亲近大自然，并且景色总是很美。
tr	I	To improve matters further : damp , and it is also excruciatingly cold .
tr	O	洛克面向门，而且我欣赏他内裤包裹的臀部。
tr	I	He was going to take Gregory away before he had a chance to learn , and he didn 't know how to feed a pig .
tr	O	她总是告诉贝丝她很漂亮，而且她确实是那样认为的。
tr	I	According to Conrad , it was only because they 'd cheated , but the teachers won by a score of 1-0 .
tr	I	The beat was calm , soothing , but he didn 't recognize the band .
tr	O	她跺着脚冲出去，砰地关上门，并且然后她就走了。
tr	O	他盯着艾娃，张着嘴，好像要说什么一样，并且然后他停顿了一下。
tr	O	其中涉及一定程度的危险，但是柳树还没有像大多数宿主那样经历完整的五个月过程。
tr	I	The other attached a white cape to fastenings at his shoulders , and one politely motioned for him to step into a pair of shiny black boots .
tr	O	突然一个想法涌上心头，而且它的纯粹几乎让他眩晕。
tr	O	这是追随者，第二个家伙，并且在他们身后还有更多的抵达声。
tr	I	At that point the strip sagged about a quarter of an inch below the tabletop edge , and two of these nails had pulled out .
tr	I	That didn 't help , and she looked at him .
tr	I	It was something to do , but my stomach wasn 't asking for food .
tr	I	They had to remain completely focused , but Killian once told me they could heal themselves .
tr	I	The taste of the beverage he was currently downing was not at all bad , but Dennis had never had much of a liking for beer .
tr	O	我看不见他身后的女孩，但是我确实听到了她倒吸一口冷气的声音。
tr	O	嗯，瞭望台不在室内，但是你也不能说它在室外。
tr	I	We 'll go and pick someplace .
tr	I	His eyebrows set against me and his lips pursed .
tr	I	I 'm truly sorry I had to , and I know I interrupted a tender moment .
tr	O	本把钥匙给了他，并且他发动了福特车。
tr	O	我张开嘴想说话，但是只有细弱的声音发出。
tr	O	他今天刮了胡子，而且这让他看起来更年轻。
tr	O	你在我体内成长，并且我们一起完成了这段旅程。
tr	I	I 'm still coming back for more and you 've given me your worst .
tr	O	声音大得足以吵醒邻里，但是我累到什么都吵不醒。
tr	I	She moaned , and he shifted to bring his shaft into contact with her core .
tr	O	家人似乎很高兴我回来了，并且我也很高兴能和他们在一起。
tr	O	她触到了痛处，并且她乐在其中。
tr	O	她的眼睛因激动而模糊，并且她支持性地紧握了他的手。
tr	O	我应该高兴他回答道，但是这不是我所期望的那种甜蜜浪漫的信息。
tr	O	他梳理整齐的稍长的头发仍然闪着水光，并且他的蓝眼睛与他黝黑的皮肤形成对比显得更蓝。
tr	I	Ken grinned at them and a head leaned in from above .
tr	O	他开始试图说服她放弃，但是玛莎轻轻地打断了他。
tr	O	他的名字实际上是斯特凡·马丁内利，并且路易丝是他母亲的表亲。
tr	I	Her mind spun as she tried to come up with something acceptable and her father was waiting for an answer .
tr	O	他们想帮忙，并且他们会的。
tr	O	金色小丑近在咫尺，并且黑色小丑抓住了机会。
tr	O	这就像一个祈祷，但是他知道这不是对圣母的祈祷。
tr	I	She would be fine and she was strong in every sense of the word .
tr	O	他们醒来时他通常很粗鲁，但是她能看出这次情况更糟。
tr	O	她抬着一边，并且我抓着另一边。
tr	I	It made him cringe and he remembered what Mrs. Morris said .
tr	O	她感到愤愤不平，因为所有人都知道，而且她却完全蒙在鼓里。
tr	I	He won 't be in jail forever but he was arrested on some small charges a while back .
tr	I	Her hand tightened around the gun , and Eva shook her head .
tr	O	这些是我们的兄弟，并且现在他们有枪了。
tr	I	My locomotive control had left me at the precise moment when I needed to locomote and my senses had deserted me .
tr	I	Desires were satisfied and they were all too worried about making sure their own tiny wants .
tr	O	曼迪知道她开始了这一切，并且她想结束它。
tr	O	他看起来不开心，但是他确实看起来……饿了。
tr	I	We were still flying and I was inches away .
tr	I	When I realized what happened , I knew the archangels had tampered with death , but I missed it at first .
tr	I	Lingering exhaust fumes , or she couldn 't smell the dirt of the city .
tr	O	我没有把任何事情视为理所当然，但是那不意味着我没有自豪感。
tr	O	最后那部分是用一种心照不宣的语气说的，并且我忽略了它。
tr	O	我确定Vash确切地为什么创造了这些瀑布，但是它们看起来非常壮观。
tr	I	A closer examination revealed a more sinister tableau , but the entire scene reeked of 1950 's Americana .
tr	O	她没有死的愿望，但是她不能让任何事情阻止她的信息，无论危险如何。
tr	O	我们刚进入未知领域，并且没有人真正知道该做什么。
tr	I	We drove in silence and Aisling came on time .
tr	I	He seemed acutely aware of everyone else as well , but he watched us approach .
tr	I	My legs are bound in rope and CHAPTER TWELVE My hands are cuffed .
tr	I	It still wasn 't enough sleep for him to catch up , but since then , he 'd been alternating nights .
tr	I	He didn 't offer his hand , but Ethan closed the distance between them .
tr	O	我的声音变了调，并且我的脸颊发烫。
tr	O	塔克可能不知道母爱，但是我感谢他拥有麦肯娜。
tr	O	杰克逊轻轻地吻了我，并且我融化在他怀里。
tr	O	他们在那年夏天结合了，并且她证明了她是他的完美伴侣。
tr	O	我们已经离开了加利福尼亚，但是我们不能永远逃避。
tr	I	The Heavenly odor of the Cajun cream sauce wafted gently inviting me to join in a game of culinary foreplay and Matt placed our plates before us .
tr	I	The next he was gone , and one minute he was there .
tr	I	None of them had held her interest for long , but they had all been nice guys .
tr	O	无法带走所有人真是太糟糕了，但是她才是处于最大危险中的人。
tr	O	昨晚，伊芙琳被麦休带走了，并且他的逃跑得到了我信任的人的帮助。
tr	O	它很快就消失了，并且枪声变得更响了。
tr	I	We end up flipping houses like this and Joey got himself a realtor 's license .
tr	O	是的，这是个卑鄙的生意，但是总得有人去做。
tr	O	那火热的目光让她手足无措地寻找一丝平静，但是什么也得不到。
tr	I	She didn 't lose control of the spinning balls , but Dahlia looked startled .
tr	O	西蒙转头看向克莱丽，并且她感觉就像被人打了一拳肚子。
tr	O	他试图获得自由，但是他的父亲却不肯放手。
tr	O	我环顾房间，并且然后我的眼睛睁大了。
tr	O	后面有一扇小门，并且他从口袋里掏出一把钥匙。
tr	O	她打开舱口时，外面通道传来一阵短暂的光亮，接着又是一片阴影，并且她不见了。
tr	O	我的心开始狂跳，并且我的魔力几乎失控。
tr	I	Lauren went into his embrace and when she let her go , Max held out his arms .
tr	I	Eli shouted in frustration , and their fingers brushed .
tr	I	Ana poured the water over the petal and the kettle began to boil .
tr	I	The Interlink wrote new programs to solve the problems of human life , and original programs created the Interlink .
tr	O	他感到她瘫软在他的怀里，并且他紧紧地抱住她。
tr	I	I 'm itchy with the need to get the hell out of here , and it 's a precarious feeling .
tr	O	我从它的表情知道这并非没有痛苦，但是我至少可以希望它没有持续太久。
tr	O	她一生体弱多病，并且我回家照看她也是理所当然的。
tr	I	I knew German quite well , and I hoped we might get among a different sort of people .
tr	I	His pain slowed him down , but Nick tried to lunge at him once more .
tr	I	No word has come back yet , but I sent two pairs of scouts down the trail .
tr	I	Her head was dizzy , and her wounds still throbbed despite the peace she felt .
tr	I	This time , the elf gracefully avoided his hands , but the Mage reached out to him .
tr	O	我非常想告诉他凤凰是谁，但是如果我那样做了，整个计划就会泡汤。
tr	I	They didn 't have a better alternative , but this was a risky move .
tr	I	Her inquisitiveness seeps through her eyes but she asks , trying to appear annoyed .
tr	I	I knew she 'd heard , but she didn 't pause as she raced toward me .
tr	I	You didn 't have to and The food you made is delicious and thank you .
tr	O	他渴望一些热茶，并且他冻得彻骨。
tr	O	我抿起嘴唇，努力集中精神，但是解释似乎遥不可及。
tr	O	他做了个鬼脸，但是我继续。
tr	I	All three headed to the exit , and he took the key from Eric 's hand then got the lantern off the sculpture .
tr	O	我们成功了，或者我们死了。
tr	I	Jake seemed not to notice , but it wasn 't an answer at all .
tr	O	两名战士大步向前，并且其中一人将一袋水倒在迭戈脸上。
tr	O	炽天使刀刃燃烧得如此明亮，以至于威尔总是期望它们能散发热量，但是它们的刀刃摸起来冰冷无比。
tr	I	The three of them turned to leave the garden , and she accepted Harrison 's arm .
tr	O	罗姆吻了他，但是这只是敷衍了事。
tr	O	告诉保罗我很好，并且我稍后会见他。
tr	O	他皱起了眉头，并且他举起了一根手指，开始说话。
tr	O	你的母亲会，并且她恨我。
tr	I	I have been pleased to record his final wishes on this paper and he has asked this of me this day .
tr	O	她很好，并且大卫走了。
tr	O	他们沿着水边走了一段风景优美的路线，并且凯蒂凝视着水面。
tr	I	His eyes remained haughty , but Lorcan moved in his seat .
tr	O	我的呼吸卡在喉咙里，并且我的膝盖开始颤抖，几乎要在我身下弯曲。
tr	I	I visited the scene of the accident and I saw the photos in the newspaper .
tr	I	I had begged them on my knees to let me stay there , and I remembered the morning my brothers had come to take me home .
tr	O	她感到他鹰钩鼻的挤压在猛攻下溃散，并且他对疼痛的反应使她得以挣脱他的束缚。
tr	I	The vicious creature speaks again , drawing Pen 's attention back to her , but her eyes widen .
tr	O	龙骨都已铺设完毕，并且他们正在开始制作船肋。
tr	I	His face was wrong , but the words were right .
tr	O	往杯中倒入深红色葡萄酒，并且煎炸野生蘑菇。
tr	I	Based on approximation since they left the lab , it was now nearing dawn , but it was still dark .
tr	I	Bex didn 't bat an eye , but a guilty look passed over Liz 's face .
tr	O	歌曲结束了，并且一首慢歌取而代之。
tr	I	I can only stare at him , but he holds out a business card .
tr	I	She was probably on the top of that list and they were paying off all of the volunteers who could provide damaging information .
tr	O	然后他轻声一笑，并且一扇门关上了。
tr	I	You put yourself in their path , and you see the other guy coming .
tr	O	诚然，她崇拜她的父亲，但是瑞秋成了恶毒的继母。
tr	I	I place my hand up and picking up a bottle , he is about to pour some in a wine glass .
tr	O	我抓挠着抓住我的手，但是我却只抓伤了自己。
tr	I	You seemed in dire need of the rest , but I know you asked me not to let you sleep .
tr	O	在这样一次令人满意的经历之后，我没有理解他那忧郁的表情，但是我没有问他在想什么。
tr	I	She responded in kind and they addressed her in Welsh .
tr	I	It didn 't reach his eyes , but he smiled .
tr	I	The seconds felt like hours but it lasted only a few seconds .
tr	O	她的下巴垂了下来，但是她又猛地合上了。
tr	I	At first , I thought he was surprised by my question , and Dad blinked rapidly .
tr	I	I pull the door open without a second glance , but the shower is still running .
tr	I	I coiled my body around his , and a powerful tension curled inside me .
tr	O	她很脆弱，但是没有人意识到。
tr	I	He growled his approval into her mouth and she melted against him with a soft sigh .
tr	O	卡罗琳很好，并且艾米丽将在皇家北岸医院得到最好的照顾。
tr	I	So she thought ... or a close call .
tr	O	他什么也没说，但是唐娜说了。
tr	I	His breath caught , and she nipped gently at his lips , teasing him .
tr	I	It seems that people don 't have that kind of restriction , but the gods we just created aren 't permitted to kill .
tr	O	某种有趣的东西在多利安的眼中闪过，并且我知道他已经猜透了我的诡计。
tr	I	He was ready to turn away , and his hand was on the car .
tr	O	一声呜咽从我微启的嘴唇间溢出，并且我无法争辩。
tr	I	They were after me , and they were hunters .
tr	I	He was leaning one arm on the roof as he silently watched the interplay , and his door was open .
tr	O	我需要肌肤接触，并且我不会滥用我的天赋。
tr	O	他会感觉到你的存在，并且你会感受到他的胜利。
tr	I	She exhibited little of it in this unpleasant matter , but he 'd long admired Lorraine for her common sense .
tr	I	Since Dean didn 't drive , the judge hadn 't allowed Finch to include the vehicles , and search warrants were very specific .
tr	O	它现在已经摆脱了它的捕获者，但是它没有腿来让自己站起来。
tr	O	她犹豫了一下，但是他始终坚持他的方向。
tr	I	Zeus watched her stare and she looked out the window .
tr	O	她对我眨了眨眼，并且当我盯着她红唇的弧度时，我的血液沸腾了。
tr	I	It 's too easy for me to distract myself but not that I feel there 's essentially anything wrong with that .
tr	O	如他所料，补丁破裂了，并且它几乎立刻失去了光芒。
tr	I	The sky is rust and the sun is down .
tr	O	你认为人们会永远在一起，但是他们不会。
tr	O	蜇伤很痛，它的意外让她害怕，但是随之而来的疼痛才让她垂下头。
tr	O	它正骑在某种悬浮滑板上，并且邪恶地笑着。
tr	O	他拿出了正确的金额，但是那并没有让他感觉好些。
tr	I	They wouldn 't think of cutting back , but the partners are always griping about it .
tr	O	我对她报以一笑，并且他回以一个眨眼。
tr	I	I 'd never tried it , but maybe I was a prude .
tr	O	她没有对笼罩她的恐惧说一个字，但是她知道盖奇察觉到了。
tr	I	She fell backward and one smacked her hard .
tr	O	她打算让他被马克发现，并且他无法争辩他活该。
tr	I	Shadows had begun to fill the streets , and Twilight was laying siege to the day .
tr	I	The best I could manage in terms of turning her away , but it was abysmal .
tr	O	她希望她能吻醒他，并且他们能一整天做爱。
tr	I	I wasn 't surprised , but he appeared very drunk .
tr	I	He couldn 't understand it and she was in the same state after every session .
tr	O	我看着莱兰的眼睛，并且我看到了他决定的苍凉。
tr	O	当詹姆斯吃完他的，他又敲了敲杯子，并且那个年轻女人跑了过来。
tr	O	她伸手抓我的胳膊，但是我挣脱了她的束缚。
tr	O	汽车在本的公寓前嘎吱一声停了下来，并且我的胸口像鼓一样跳动。
tr	I	Sticking out further than the others was a blue mini bus , and noticeable by the colour .
tr	O	我想相信她所说的一切，但是我了解我自己的真相。
tr	I	Then he turned his attention to my ribs , and First , he cleaned the scratches on my face , put antibiotic ointment on them .
tr	O	我翻了个白眼，但是我不得不笑。
tr	I	Then again he doesn 't really disbelieve it , but Zeph doesn 't really believe Charlie is going insane .
tr	O	年轻的托比的生活正在迅速变化，并且他正在一个看似充满敌意的环境中处理各种情况。
tr	I	One detail from our conversation sticks with me , but I 'm not sure if anything I said really helped Ella .
tr	O	我面前的吧台上摆着小瓶子，但是我不想朝它们扔任何硬物。
tr	I	He liked that she was unafraid to challenge him but he wasn 't used to being so openly disobeyed .
tr	I	I have to stay in this moment for a little while , feeling its significance , but I know I should leave .
tr	I	He 'd said it then and she 'd asked Royce , when he was Colin , who Beatrice was .
tr	O	她已经浪费了她那十五分钟的休息时间，而且那是她晚上最后一次休息了。
tr	I	I hugged it to my chest , but the hooked knife nearly slipped from my grip .
tr	I	She draws her lower lip between her teeth as her eyes close , and I look up from where I 'm working on her .
tr	O	她的母亲是她仅剩的家人，而且凯瑟琳决心不失去她。
tr	O	亨利自己洗衣服，而且只要他脸上没有伤痕，他就能掩盖发生过的事情。
tr	I	Still , his condition hadn 't changed and they had slept most of the day .
tr	I	The verse itself was able to restrict specific areas , and the Guard could track almost anyone in the world .
tr	I	It was a welcome respite from the sulfurous burn of the cavern , but the air had a mineral tang .
tr	O	我们不会再见面了，而且你想告诉切尔西什么都行。
tr	O	我很害怕，但是我也非常生气。
tr	O	有时候她很绝望，而且表现出来了。
tr	O	胡安妮塔帮助过她，而且现在她走了？
tr	O	雪莉问她是不是在里面会更舒服，但是玛拉坚持说她在原地很好。
tr	I	I 'll show you and if you don 't believe it then let 's go take a little ride .
tr	I	He slowly kisses the length of my neck and he tilts my head back so I 'm looking up at the sky .
tr	O	理查德站在她身后，并且朱莉拉了拉他的手。
tr	O	他的提名在参议院受阻，并且当乔治·W·布什当选后，福西特的未来仍然留在罗阿诺克。
tr	I	Natalie gripped the bedclothes , and nausea rumbled .
tr	O	他比我高，尽管如此，并且他很快就赶上了。
tr	O	他被一个不朽之人宣判死亡，并且不知怎的，那些话触动了他的心弦。
tr	O	她真是不可理喻，并且据我所知，她不知道我花在他身上多少时间。
tr	I	He loved being out on the water with Elle and Aran had joined them several times in a sail around the neighboring islands .
tr	I	I couldn 't decide which ones to use , and a multitude of words crowded my throat .
tr	I	He hadn 't wanted anything like this , but Cain had often wished he 'd never have to see Amy again .
tr	I	His wife 's at least as devious as he is , so I wouldn 't trust her , either , but he 's married now .
tr	I	Maybe she went to get some help , but maybe she finally lost track of them .
tr	O	那是她去世前一天，并且我坐在她的病床边，握着她的手。
tr	O	她第一次真心为艾德丽和她在一起而感到高兴和感激。
tr	I	Eugene was patting his back as the swordsman sat up to catch his breath and Isaac was coughing .
tr	I	She still wasn 't over him and he 'd finished the messy business with Desdemona over a hundred years ago .
tr	O	她在他耳边低语，并且他抬起手，向我们竖起大拇指。
tr	I	Donny was far from worried , but the storm was getting closer .
tr	I	I gazed out across the infinite sky , and he led me to a glass railing .
tr	O	他不知道疗养院爆炸前他还有多少时间，但是他怀疑是否会超过几分钟。
tr	O	远处传来喊叫声，而且那不只是我的人。
tr	I	She never noticed you but secretly you were in love with her .
tr	I	It was time for her to leave and Paul would be back from work soon .
tr	O	考特尼抓住另一个女孩的肩膀，而且她的手指深深掐进安妮的胳膊里。
tr	I	He hadn 't known she was unhappy , and he had dated her for three years .
tr	I	I couldn 't wait for tomorrow to take you to the hotel and they may open up tomorrow .
tr	O	她向我招手，而且我坐到她旁边。
tr	I	I always knew when it was going to happen , but I didn 't sit around moping about a guy who never called .
tr	I	My heart skipped a beat and his fingers moved , twisting a lock .
tr	I	I grabbed his wrist , but Benji started to drink .
tr	O	我仍然感到疲倦，不过，而且我知道接下来的几个小时都会如此。
tr	I	We should never have attempted two rescue missions simultaneously and the operation was dangerous .
tr	I	Pulled them down the steps leading away from the guesthouse and * * * Bill motioned the others out the door .
tr	I	It felt good , and Daniel felt tough .
tr	O	你已经赢得了自己的位置，但是我们其他人就没有那么幸运了。
tr	I	Here they were protecting my dark secrets and I barely knew the two of them .
tr	I	Her mouth went dry , and she turned toward him .
tr	I	Now it 's over , and he 's had fun .
tr	O	她的心脏在她肋骨里狂跳，而且她无法阻止自己将手掌按在他的胸膛上，就算是为了保命也不行。
tr	I	It 'd gone into remission and they caught it early .
tr	I	I didn 't , but my heart jumped .
tr	I	We stepped in , and the elevator dinged .
tr	O	他挣扎着推开她，而且几乎成功了，然后当梅森带血的剑尖抵住他脖子时，他僵住了。
tr	O	皮革撕裂了，并且她的手流血了。
tr	O	约翰尼在那里，并且妈妈来了。
tr	I	Nothing , nothing had prepared him for it , but he 'd contemplated the moment when he could truly consider himself a father .
tr	I	They were etched deeply with concern and Amory had the same black eyes that I had .
tr	O	伊桑犹豫了一秒钟，但是他决心要诚实。
tr	I	Declan knew so much , and Cole knew so little about the Outskirts .
tr	I	It 's followed by yells as we hit the dirt and someone screams from the crowd .
tr	I	She gave a soft chuckle , and an answering tremor ran through her .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she was accomplishing anything , but she tried not to let her nervousness show .
tr	I	I knew there was at least the hint of an innuendo there and the question reminded me of the last time he offered it up .
tr	O	我甚至不忍心看自己的手，但是我 knew they were purple, the color of King.
tr	O	马达轻微地轰鸣着，并且这个问题变得毫无意义了。
tr	I	It was her language I learned first and her milk infected me with her venom .
tr	O	她知道如何处理与托尼的分手，并且她不需要丽丝告诉她怎么做。
tr	O	这条路再走几英里就到头了，并且他的邻居都没有本田车。
tr	O	斯塔克也迅速行动，但是他只是移走了他用来撑开电梯门的楔子。
tr	I	I need to place some distance between us and this bathroom is too small .
tr	O	Braydon 和 Angelique 说话，但是他看着我。
tr	I	I was enjoying it just as much as any other suspect who 'd just come clean , and he was letting that warmth wash over me .
tr	I	I drank a few sips at a time , and he sat next to me , held the cup .
tr	O	她试图保持冷静，但是我能看出她很害怕。
tr	I	Now I would give that motherfucker a piece of my mind , but I had to turn it off when I was on the floor .
tr	I	She was no longer content with it , but his kiss drove her from her senses .
tr	O	他试图放柔声音，但是他不擅长说慰问的话。
tr	I	You 're not taking advantage of him , and he 's not taking advantage of you .
tr	I	She found her way out and she needed a clean break .
tr	O	对哈钦森家住宅的搜查持续了一个小时，并且当他们未能找到失踪的手枪时，欧内斯特假装惊讶。
tr	O	她睁开一条缝，小心翼翼地，以防他假装走了出去，但是房间里没有人。
tr	O	敲门声打断了他的思绪，并且他生气地猛地抬起头。
tr	O	我们把派对前的计划搞定了，并且现在是史诗之夜开始的时候了。
tr	O	它一定是军用的，但是它看起来很旧，好像有人永远穿着它一样。
tr	I	I understand it now , but I didn 't know what he meant then .
tr	I	Perhaps he feared that the youngsters would run off with the book when he was not looking , or the owner of the stall was growing impatient .
tr	O	鸡皮疙瘩爬满了她的手臂，并且她的全身因寒战而颤抖。
tr	I	I felt the muscles in my lower stomach tighten , and my heart jumped in my chest .
tr	I	It was enough to allow his escape , but it wasn 't enough to completely heal him .
tr	O	恐慌袭来，而且我未能将其压制下去。
tr	I	They joined in the line of people waiting for food and he handed her a plate .
tr	O	我翻了个白眼，但是没有抗议。
tr	O	船长是对的，没有自由出路，但是投降就能得到我们不会杀他们的保证。
tr	O	不是拥挤的人群，但是至少有数百人沐浴在那超现实月亮的病态绿光中。
tr	O	一缕暗红的血流过她的指缝，而且她迅速将手送到嘴边。
tr	I	We stood in the dark for a few seconds -- not quite touching , not quite moving and I shut the bedroom door .
tr	I	I leaned into her and Melissa shrugged her shoulders .
tr	O	打电话的人完全吸引了特蕾莎的注意力，而且她坐直了身子。
tr	O	我感到两股非常明显的挫败感，并且随后床上就只剩下我一个人了。
tr	O	旱灾迫使他们深入得多，但是我想一片树林和任何其他地方都一样好。
tr	O	德维希在回响，但是我没有回答。
tr	O	那个孩子立刻昏了过去，并且袭击莉娅的巨人立刻消失了。
tr	O	我想她讨厌它，但是她会克服的。
tr	I	Even friends change , grow , even a man like me can mature when he 's ready , but we 've been friends for years .
tr	I	My access card wouldn 't open it again , but I have no idea why I even tried .
tr	O	那是真的，并且现在那是我唯一想分享的。
tr	O	我们在这里再呆一天，并且接着我们也将前往普利娅斯。
tr	O	他确实眨了眨眼，但是没多久。
tr	O	然后我回到了山顶，并且我再也感觉不到大地的脉搏了。
tr	I	Andrea couldn 't look away from Fionn , but she heard Ronan 's gasp of delight .
tr	O	我担心我铺设的小径会消失，但是他承诺对即将到来的怪物来说它仍然会很明显。
tr	I	The screen turns blue and the speech ends .
tr	I	They surely are pretty , but the falls are not very large , only about 50 yards from the top .
tr	I	Our lips met and Max leaned forward .
tr	O	索菲亚在最后一次计数时停了下来，但是这个缺口不能完全进入。
tr	O	微微一笑，亚历山德拉走到了最后一个箱子的尽头，并且在最下面的架子上放着她所寻找的阅读初级读物。
tr	I	They complimented each other so well , yet his voice was so different than Demetri 's .
tr	I	His body had enveloped mine , and I was lying on my back on the sand .
tr	I	He was losing the battle with his hair as his hairline rapidly receded , and principal neared sixty years old .
tr	O	突然他们转出了弯道，并且路面一直延伸到车灯所能照到的最远地方。
tr	O	这栋房子在他的家族中传承了几代，并且他需要找到达伦想要的东西。
tr	O	拉德利在办公桌间走动，和他的团队聊天，并且他在她身后停了下来。
tr	O	她的眼睛迅速扫向他的脸，并且是的，她确信他有。
tr	I	She cried out in dismay , and he shifted again , retracting his hips .
tr	I	I realize the real reason he stood and when he comes back , he sits right next to me .
tr	O	她想置身于绿色的土地上，并且她决心要得到它。
tr	O	麦卡锡对露西亚点了点头，并且——爵士似乎觉得有些不情愿地——将笑容转向了她。
tr	I	I realized it was snowing and she pointed out the window .
tr	I	Reluctantly he shifted back to give her room , and a storm began to gather in her eyes .
tr	I	He needed to treat her differently than the others and she would be his wife .
tr	I	She started to move it away , then screamed and one of the sticks scraped her arm .
tr	O	她明白威廉主要关心她的安全，但是她不能失去麦克斯。
tr	I	Police were investigating the manner of death as a homicide , but they did not give the cause of man 's death .
tr	I	The mission had been a success because of their sacrifice , and they 'd done their job , drawn fire .
tr	O	一开始什么也没发生，但是接着，突然间，吊坠断成了两半，随后传来我确信是超自然的爆裂声。
tr	I	Michael placed the bottle in the middle and everyone sat in a circle .
tr	I	He wasn 't alone , but he was standing in the living room .
tr	O	我有很多问题要解决，但是我有很多聪明人来解决它们。
tr	I	He finally hugged me back , and I just hugged him harder .
tr	I	He already told me that is his cousin and I know he doesn 't have any sisters because his grandma said she has only one granddaughter .
tr	O	我们所取得的进展悬而未决，时机可能永远失去，但是我现在无法强求。
tr	O	他曾试图与伊莎贝尔交谈，但是她只是威胁性地对他摇了摇拖把。
tr	O	我不喜欢看到任何人痛苦，但是当一个女人受苦时情况更糟。
tr	I	We need to be on the lookout for any signs of organized opposition and the economic situation since the run on the dollar is deteriorating very fast .
tr	I	Jack 's hands kept me facing him , but I started to turn toward the Tunnels .
tr	I	Each day he 'd thought of her and it had been a week since the field trip .
tr	I	My mom only intensified their efforts to break me and pissing off Nix .
tr	O	塞丽娜嘴角勾起一丝歪斜的笑容，并且她挥手回应。
tr	I	I 'm able to talk to my family again and as the night progresses things start to settle down .
tr	I	That was the beginning , and Never slept a wink .
tr	O	我的声音嘲弄着，并且我知道那是对的。
tr	I	Slowly they drew back , and one by one they dimmed .
tr	O	白兰度太年轻了，并且我太老了。
tr	I	Classroom doors flew open and the bell rang .
tr	I	She hadn 't explained it , either , but his mother had been quite upset about the whole thing .
tr	O	我艰难地吞咽，并且我的喉咙很痛。
tr	I	My momentum carried me forward despite the pain , but his knife cut the wall of my stomach , a deep wound .
tr	O	厄里斯没有动，但是那并不令人惊讶。
tr	O	她是对的，并且从那时起斯宾纳就一直对我怀恨在心。
tr	O	它发生了，并且我很抱歉。
tr	O	麦克风噼啪作响，并且我转移了我的目光。
tr	O	看到博特金在他们眼前恢复原形，证实了他的血统，但是疑问依然存在。
tr	O	男孩拉着女孩穿过第一层树林，并且他们从我视线中消失了。
tr	O	她的名字是格伦达·摩根，并且她想见黛拉。
tr	I	Her blank , sweet expression had not changed , but her voice was cold with anger .
tr	I	She had amber eyes , not blue , and her hair was darker than Peter 's , more caramel with blond streaks .
tr	O	他几乎无法呼吸，并且他不在乎。
tr	I	Her stomach twisted with hunger , a voracious appetite demanding attention , and the sharp scent of the spices hit her .
tr	O	他们中的几艘船上系着大网，并且他们俩被迫改变航线。
tr	O	我在一棵没有叶子的树下瘫坐了三分钟，数着每一秒，并且然后走得更快了。
tr	I	She wasn 't in it , but the light was on .
tr	O	哦，天哪，她身上还有迪伦的味道，并且现在又有个新家伙来追她了？
tr	O	伊萨克没有露出一丝笑容，但是他的声音却充满了幽默感。
tr	I	A cape of crimson hung about his shoulders and Black armor he bore .
tr	O	我们在那儿聊天，并且我就亲热地问她做什么工作。
tr	I	A text message showed on the screen and my phone chimed in my hand again .
tr	I	Another glance from Garn kept him quiet but Hal seemed about to speak again .
tr	I	He barely moves , yet I nudge him .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be truly living either , but not having him might not mean dying .
tr	O	我爱的人出了什么事，并且我就烘焙。
tr	I	She gasps and her jaw opens wide .
tr	I	I knew that I could have either of them , and they both played with their hair .
tr	I	It hurt too much to make sense of his words , but his lips were moving .
tr	O	停顿了5秒，并且关于电极31的提问继续进行。
tr	I	Spending just a few minutes there was enough to dredge it all back up , but she had tried so hard to bury all of those memories .
tr	I	She no longer smiled , and I looked at Jane , too .
tr	I	Caine felt as if the sun had settled in his heart , and she smiled .
tr	I	Eventually nauseating for those on the outside , but it 's typical conversation when investigators get together , pure entertainment for us .
tr	I	He felt acidic burning rising up his throat , and the tension in his stomach mounted .
tr	O	她在话说到一半时，捕捉到我眼中闪过的内疚，并且当她坚持回视时，我本能地转过头去，移开目光。
tr	O	我不知道什么是美工刀，但是我看了汤姆提到的抽屉。
tr	O	她不确定那在内华达州是否合法，但是那不重要。
tr	I	When she returned from taking the tray upstairs , she thanked Wong for intervening , and Annie grudgingly acquiesced .
tr	I	I couldn 't help myself , but I almost didn 't .
tr	I	Things were chaotic from the start , and busy place made much busier by the impending invasion .
tr	I	I ripped the package open , and my fingers changed to sharp blades .
tr	I	Nothing seemed disturbed , but the doors were left open .
tr	O	艾丹开始向他跑去，但是他知道他来不及了。
tr	O	他们可能永远也解决不了，但是他们不能看起来像完全不知道谁是负责人。
tr	I	I saw his nose wrinkle , and a cool breeze blew across us , bringing with it the stench of the slums .
tr	O	伤口不会变成永久性疤痕，并且他为此感到感激。
tr	I	They strolled down the street and Tim paid for their meals .
tr	I	I became my own worst enemy and this is when my life started to change .
tr	I	My heart ached at the sadness dulling his eyes , and he glanced at me .
tr	O	他吻了她的唇，并且她在他的唇上、舌头上尝到了她自己的津液，如同她知道他也在她口中尝到了他自己。
tr	I	The servant stepped back and the door was closed .
tr	O	那是家庭晚餐之夜，所以我接了阿米莉亚，然后我们去了顶层公寓。
tr	O	她当然喜欢科尔，但是事情没那么简单。
tr	I	I would go to jail , unless I was killed in the bloodbath and the police would come .
tr	I	That 's the best I can do , but I can give the info to Rene .
tr	I	Victoria had to clear her throat to gain their attention , and of course a young vampire couple writhed on the couch .
tr	O	训练快结束时他总是更平静，但是她的疼痛却总是更剧烈。
tr	O	扎在他胸口的刀一定没有立刻杀死他，但是他身体的残缺已将他的生命洒在了亮黄色的地毯上。
tr	O	钱德勒夫人只是点了点头，并且然后她离开了露娜。
tr	O	我前倾身体，用眉毛质疑艾米丽的顺从，但是她没有动。
tr	O	我跳下詹姆斯，并且他也动身站了起来。
tr	I	He couldn 't see that , but I smiled a little , a very little .
tr	I	There is no escape from my thoughts , but finishing with the last patient , I run to the roof deck , desperate to breathe .
tr	O	它砰地一声撞破石膏板，并且小块小块的碎片落到地上。
tr	I	I realized it was one of my tears , and a drop of water fell on his cheek .
tr	I	Usually he had to admit the aroma was appetizing , and her single request was that he at least smell it .
tr	O	我没有受过医疗训练，而且这让我对不得不运送伤员感到紧张。
tr	O	她走到起跑线时天气有点冷，但是聚集在纽波特的人群让她兴奋起来。
tr	O	我是女王，并且我爱我的世界。
tr	I	It wasn 't painful at all and an electrifying force surged through me .
tr	O	我得平息一些不快，并且之后我得给我妻子打电话。
tr	O	你需要休息一下，并且我需要一些外交手腕。
tr	O	他在开玩笑，想逗她开心，但是当她回答时，他能看出她是完全认真的。
tr	O	黑色油漆从百叶窗上剥落，并且纱门上有一个小裂口，它歪斜地挂在铰链上。
tr	I	The demons will win and they will all die .
tr	O	蒙蒙细雨开始落下，并且间歇式雨刷每十秒钟清洁一次挡风玻璃。
tr	O	当马克建议把猫叫做夸克时，争论变得有些激烈，因为它太小了，并且它与“马克”押韵。
tr	O	没人十分确定那种能量的本质是什么，但是它是一种相对常见的魔法。
tr	I	I knew she was close and her fingers gripped the sides of my head .
tr	O	我曾希望那股力量能把他的徽章撞掉，或者在混乱中我可以用空闲的手抓住它。
tr	O	当人们问起时，我告诉他们我只是个小兵，并且我是认真的。
tr	I	He was a couple of inches shorter than Fallon , and Zack 's eyes were a glacial blue .
tr	I	She was so nervous her lips felt all wobbly , but she nodded , trying to smile .
tr	I	You could want no other , and one look at her .
tr	O	这些人并非注定是战士，但是他们可能不得不学习成为战士。
tr	O	盖瑞这次真心地笑了，笑瑞奇夸张地模仿某人擦脚，并且瑞奇知道自己正在拉近距离。
tr	I	Geoffrey sat at the head of the table , and Victoria guided Ethan to the chair at her side .
tr	I	He had a large erection and his mouth was slightly open .
tr	O	国王的眼睛凸了出来，并且他惊恐地跳了回去。
tr	O	她坚信他一定会来找她，而且他绝不会让她失望。
tr	I	He knew perfectly well that she was capable of a calculated murder , and he would be helpless to stop her .
tr	O	他嘴角微扬，并且他的绿眼睛又恢复了些许神采。
tr	O	他们今天之间没有任何紧张气氛，但是仅一句话，她又感受到了对他的吸引。
tr	I	He was a man who had glimpsed the corruption at the heart of Braddock 's organization , but I had protested that night .
tr	I	There was no sign of him anywhere , but I looked around .
tr	I	She grabbed his hand and her brow furrowed with concern .
tr	O	我向他敞开心扉，让自己变得脆弱，而且他离开了。
tr	O	她左手还拿着一支烟，并且一个烟灰缸放在她旁边。
tr	O	你从小时候学的童话故事中听过它们，但是童话故事驯化了它们，让它们变得古怪。
tr	I	I 'd bet good money he 's covered her mouth with his , and it 's quiet for far too long .
tr	O	当Trina说话时，Brianna走到她身后，并且我看到她张开嘴为我辩护。
tr	O	留在这里只会让他更加恼火，并且他曾向她承诺他会尽量和善一些。
tr	I	I soon learned how to fill in the gaps , but my only possessions in those days were the clothes on my back .
tr	I	She immediately blushed guiltily under his gaze , and Radcliffe glanced sharply at the young Mowbray girl when she blurted out that answer .
tr	I	Of course it was too late , but damn it , he should be driving her home .
tr	O	毫无疑问，但是 我仍然同意他的看法。
tr	I	We 'll be raising teenagers and we won 't even be twenty-five .
tr	O	他没有看房间里的其他人，但是 她看了，想看看大家的反应。
tr	I	He had to listen , and she 'd spoken now .
tr	O	任何其他人提到她的精灵血统都会让安德烈亚生气，但是 和罗南在一起时，这却变成了友好的玩笑。
tr	O	一天一次可能就足够了，但是 它需要更长时间才能起作用。
tr	O	皮革封套摸起来有鳞片感，并且 正面刻有奇怪的棱角符号。
tr	I	We widened the platforms so we could sleep up there too , and a roof went up across the branches , as we 'd planned .
tr	O	我四下寻找艾娃，但是 我找不到她。
tr	I	Charlie was right behind me , but when we got home , I hurried for the stairs .
tr	I	My head drooping as we were ushered through more checkpoints and I kept my eyes shut .
tr	O	艾什莉冲进电影院厕所并检查每个隔间是否为空，然后才回到门边。
tr	O	他更多地出钱来支付旅费并意识到通过背包客的方式旅行能够赚钱。
tr	I	The family got along , and very cozy , great skiing , kids loved it .
tr	I	His nostrils flared , and he sucked in a breath .
tr	I	I don 't deserve to be there and Valerie 's put me on a pedestal .
tr	I	You have to believe me , Quinn , I cared nothing about the bet , but I agreed .
tr	O	箱子很快地从一个移到另一个，并且货车的车厢随着拖拉机挂车的车厢重新出现而慢慢消失。
tr	I	He saw no one but he kept fumbling about , watching to see if anyone else was going to join them .
tr	I	An eerie whisper murmured from the closet , and she walked over to close the window .
tr	O	他深信少吃意味着活得更久，并且亨利害怕英年早逝。
tr	O	他爬得越高，发现的技巧就越多，并且很快地，他只用手来保持平衡了。
tr	I	She was bringing them in to have them killed and it was possible that they 'd crossed her somehow .
tr	O	我很抱歉对你动手了，但是我担心那该死的油可能是易燃的。
tr	I	I don 't feel insecure anymore , and his touch sends my pulse racing once again .
tr	O	他吸了口气，想抗议，但是他的一部分感觉自己应该为他在那场屠杀中的角色而受苦。
tr	O	看了一眼那张痛苦的脸，并且我就说出了我最好的猜测。
tr	I	He winced and Jake paused .
tr	I	The building was only five stories high , but the fact was my Beverly Hills apartment was a penthouse .
tr	O	她知道这不应该对她有多大关系，但是突然之间，它确实有关系了。
tr	O	他试图抓住她的手腕，但是她却猛地把手抽开。
tr	I	She suddenly felt less confident , and he began to stride slowly toward her then .
tr	I	She knew where she was going , but she didn 't know where she was .
tr	O	凯莉现在回忆起听到了那场搏斗，但是这个想法让她惊呆了。
tr	I	The ones I encountered cared about their women , but the males of the jaguar race are wanderers .
tr	O	弗朗西斯卡正在聆听，但是她感觉自己站在一个太远的距离，无法参与其中。
tr	I	I haven 't , but T is apparent you 've said farewell .
tr	I	Belinda had yet to see a ghost on the plantation , but it was intriguing .
tr	I	Garret took a deep pull , and Jack leaned across the table , flicked the lighter .
tr	I	This was her best guess and she wasn 't a priestess .
tr	I	He had special gifts , and he was a Guardian , a mixed blood .
tr	O	严重的失血是创伤性的，然而她表现得好像什么都没发生过一样。
tr	I	Louise had started to believe them , and that 's what they had said .
tr	I	There was still a lot of work to be done , but I could tell she was enjoying the peaceful rest as much as I was .
tr	I	I grabbed her before she could move away , wrapping my arms around her and she reached around me to turn on the shower .
tr	I	He made himself wait to see her , but it went against everything in his nature .
tr	I	Her lips were cracked , had bled , and someone had struck her across her face .
tr	I	Anyway , he shouldn 't neglect his Spanish businesses for too long , and there were other people who could run the operation for him here .
tr	O	我又去用手肘撞他，并且他抓住了我的手臂。
tr	I	I wasn 't coordinated enough to play any sports , especial y not at Mythos , and I hadn 't joined any clubs .
tr	I	I was angry at myself and I could see Liv coming toward us .
tr	O	萨宾屏住了呼吸，并且他向她伸出了手。
tr	I	She was four months pregnant , and it was hard work .
tr	O	布鲁斯把车开出了车库，并且瑞秋坐到了丈夫旁边的前座上。
tr	O	这让我们保持思考，并且这让她保持警觉。
tr	O	他的手扭住了卡斯帕的手腕，但是他很快就开始放弃，因为他缓慢地，痛苦而缓慢地，变成了紫色。
tr	O	某种极其重要的东西掠过她的意识，并且她试图抓住它。
tr	O	贝丝猛地抬起头，并且我笑了。
tr	I	Every movement registered in his brain and every noise was amplified .
tr	O	附近几个孩子吃吃地笑了，但是大人们却没注意。
tr	O	钥匙轻松地转动了，并且门也随之敞开。
tr	I	It took me by surprise , and I 'd never heard him sound like that .
tr	I	The door shut firmly behind her and she stalked out of the room .
tr	O	鲜血在他身下汇聚，染红了地板，并且特莎有一会儿只是盯着看，无法弄清它从何而来。
tr	O	我看起来不太好，而且我的公寓有点小。
tr	I	Now he was on the other side of the fence , but though obviously in bad health , he still worked full-time in Washington .
tr	O	没多少人再知道这件事了，但是她的教养确保她比大多数人更有教养。
tr	I	He definitely wanted some alone time with his bonded blood rose and he couldn 't imagine leaving the stronghold one moment sooner than that .
tr	O	他开始往后退，并且他的制服鞋吱吱作响。
tr	O	这是一个最新的“热门”地方，而且我觉得乔治做得太过分了。
tr	O	他的眉毛皱了起来，并且他的嘴唇也紧抿着。
tr	I	I let it fall to the ground and Felix handed me the sharpened rock that Theo had aimed at the animal 's torso earlier .
tr	O	她听说锁核有一个收容孤儿的机构，并且她计划确保碎岩镇的孤儿能安全地运送到那里。
tr	I	Charles grabbed a couple oil lamps to fill up , and our eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness .
tr	I	He 'd come to see me and I 'd come to visit him .
tr	I	The fearful glint in his eyes told me he believed me , but he gave a short , incredulous laugh .
tr	I	He raised his rifle to greet it and another creature stepped towards him .
tr	O	爬行的生物和穴居的生物。
tr	I	He was forced to learn it from a dictionary in the prison library , but Spanish had taken four years .
tr	I	Gently peeled the trunk loose and Cordelia stepped up .
tr	O	他很惊讶银行没有收走它，但是话又说回来那是餐厅的钱。
tr	I	He doesn 't listen to me , and I don 't speak to Grandfather .
tr	I	It encouraged her , and she felt it .
tr	I	Nobody at this ranch could relate to what I was going through , but I wasn 't normally one to drown my sorrows .
tr	I	His driving stayed steady , but darkness tinged his voice .
tr	O	他的手像老虎钳一样卡住她的手臂，并且他把她猛地拉了起来。
tr	I	We needed the time , but I only used this as a last resort .
tr	I	I kept waiting to see how it all ended , and my death was so close .
tr	O	卡吕普索的岛屿被施了魔法，并且它偷走了所有进入者的意识。
tr	O	他说得好像很容易，但是事实并非如此。
tr	O	这是一场世所未见的疫情，而且我们的城市——这个地方——就是这一切的源头。
tr	I	Books litter the ground and Boxes are strewn about .
tr	O	他们没有你做过这件事的证据，然而他们却决心要扳倒你。
tr	O	有很多事情要讨论，而且我弄到了邀请函。
tr	O	凯瑟琳看起来很惊讶，而我继续。
tr	O	她仍然能听到下方的尖叫声，但是它变得微弱了，随着电梯开始上升，先是缓慢，然后更快。
tr	I	I press in just a little to let her know I more than approve , and she relaxes her shoulder against mine .
tr	O	昆兰的大手从未离开她赤裸的身体，而且伊丽莎白为这一个魔幻之夜暂停了她的思绪。
tr	I	I 'm not in any hurry to leave the company of my friends , but most of our team has already gone to their cars to wait .
tr	I	There 's nothing we can do , and my president has given me some orders .
tr	I	We exchanged an exasperated grimace and I caught Brad 's eye .
tr	O	然后他背起背包，而他的能量又在变化，紧紧地打着转。
tr	I	I bucked into him and he pounded into me .
tr	I	Occasional flashes of lightning lit up the sky and Thunder crashed .
tr	O	然后他转向离开了，而我继续沿着山谷走下去。
tr	O	月光透过倾泻而下的水流，微弱地照亮了她周围的环境，并且一阵微风吹了进来，带着花香。
tr	O	她带着普林斯回来了，并且她看起来有点惊恐。
tr	O	我在你父亲的案子上没有取得快速进展，但是我正在努力。
tr	O	这是一个短途航班，而且我将直接飞回伦敦。
tr	O	她所看到的一切都是纸质的，而且如果创建了电脑文件，她也一无所知。
tr	O	他说他会立刻让温克勒的律师全力出动，并且他会搭乘下一班飞机过来。
tr	I	I pulled away in distaste and she pressed her lips against mine aggressively .
tr	I	Then frowned more deeply upon seeing Max , and she frowned at him .
tr	I	I 'm quick to push it away , but there 's a thought that I might never see it again .
tr	I	I shuddered and Tristan laughed .
tr	I	He thought she was dead and it had felt like someone tore a hole right through him when Ridley disappeared .
tr	O	我试图让她看着我，但是她因我虚弱的手而畏缩了。
tr	I	Your path is clear to cross and you have come to the crossroads .
tr	O	我注意到他的防守手臂稍稍放下了，使得他的心脏暴露无防，并且我看到了结束战斗的机会。
tr	I	I think we need to know more , and we know nothing about them .
tr	I	He was holding me by the wrist with such an iron grip I was sure my bones would break , but I tried to pull away .
tr	O	我对他眨了眨眼，并且他大笑起来。
tr	O	山姆已经康复了，但是他仍然摇摆不定。
tr	O	我睁开眼睛，并且他正在看着我。
tr	O	他把车开上主路，并且我松开了紧抓门把的手，因为没完没了的颠簸震动已经结束了。
tr	O	我收到了一个怀疑的眼神，并且她又向前走了一步，凝视着我的眼睛，仿佛能从中看出真相。
tr	O	一排二楼的窗户俯瞰着他，但是所有的灯都关着。
tr	O	这一天过得很顺利，并且我们都很高兴。
tr	O	一个小巧、打着完美结的领结戴在他的颈部，并且一副细边框眼镜挂在他的鼻尖上。
tr	O	他没给你很多，但是他确保你不会饿死。
tr	I	Rosetta decided to protect Violetta , but it was acting as a buffer zone for us .
tr	I	His angry gaze went back to Clark and Burnett let go of a deep breath .
tr	O	珍妮特看起来很抱歉，但是我感到很荒谬。
tr	O	没有喘息的机会，除了去发现需要多少吻才能让世界消失之外，没有其他担忧。
tr	I	I could tell his two front teeth were gone , but his gaping maw was a deep , dark red .
tr	O	答案突然出现在他脑海里，并且他觉得自己很傻，因为它太明显了。
tr	O	他走到我旁边的一张椅子前，并且他坐了下来。
tr	O	我们走得太慢了，尽管我们走的时候把桥都摇晃了，而且我们需要加快速度。
tr	I	Her brain didn 't fully process it , but Katherine listened intently to all the information .
tr	O	那位迷人的物理学家立刻爱上了塞缪尔的聪明才智，并且他们两天后就结婚了。
tr	I	Pounds a fist against the pocket and she slips her hand into it .
tr	I	His mind was too quick , and his spies were too good .
tr	O	他压低了声音，所以她不得不前倾。
tr	O	王子举起剑准备解决那个人，但是在他能动之前，一个声音在他身后响起。
tr	O	这可能是火焰术士造成的，但是你所感受到的，是嗜血症的最初迹象，我的伙计。
tr	I	I could never ask for you to suffer because of that choice , and you risked your entire life just to save mine .
tr	I	A huge whirlpool tub is situated at the end by the window , and granite countertops with two vanities stand to my left when I enter .
tr	O	我能让他们所有人与你为敌，而且我将从向全世界展示你是个多么下贱的女人开始。
tr	O	轮子转动时，马车猛地一震，并且他们便离开了，尽管尼尔不知道是哪个方向。
tr	I	She needed to be on mainland Alaska with reliable medical care nearby , but it already frustrated her that she couldn 't live on the island .
tr	I	She smiled and her eyes lifted .
tr	O	这显然不是他想要的反应，但是这已经是她在这种情况下能给出的最好反应了。
tr	O	她爆发出一阵愉快的笑声，但是他却用手捂住了她的嘴，闻到附近人肉的味道，他的身体绷紧了。
tr	I	As he caught it , I realized he had my car keys and Jared tossed something to Allen .
tr	I	I can ´ t. I don ´ t understand , anything , but I ´ m trying to get a grasp on things .
tr	O	他的尖叫声从他体内迸发而出，并且格雷夫扭动着身体，手腕在刀刃上抬得更高。
tr	I	Nobody can make me perform , but my parents can sign it for me .
tr	I	There were classes she could take online , and he 'd done a lot of research .
tr	O	她是他所认识的最性感的女人，而且她正变得完全放荡不羁，这让他濒临疯狂。
tr	O	另一个恶魔级别较低，但是出于某种原因他母亲偏爱萨宾娜。
tr	I	She was going downhill fast and we couldn 't afford treatment .
tr	I	They were there , but they were tangential remarks , just asides .
tr	I	There was a lot I could do upstairs , but I could do nothing here .
tr	O	她的指甲保养得很好，并且她身体的每一寸都打过蜡。
tr	O	那声音又来了，但是这次麦格，现在已完全清醒，认出了它。
tr	I	A strange excitement was taking over through her agitation , but that wasn 't what she 'd intended to say .
tr	O	我们继续向丹佛前进，并且我们谁也不熟悉那个地区，所以我们不知道会遇到什么。
tr	O	他睁不开眼睛，并且他的额头疼得厉害。
tr	O	妈妈在工作，但是我们为她准备了三片意大利辣香肠在后座。
tr	O	我跟她聊了很久，并且她知识渊博。
tr	O	他们把手放回身体两侧，但是他们没有离开。
tr	O	尼古拉斯想告诉他们一切都会好起来的，但是他有史以来第一次不确定。
tr	I	My good sense conquered my pride , but I kept on scrubbing .
tr	I	After the first bite , it is hard to resist , but I don 't know what she puts in that stuff .
tr	I	They were normal beings , and the watchmen were indeed mortal in their make .
tr	I	It was always good to keep informed , but most were not suitable for general consumption .
tr	I	Most of both armies were gone , but we were still in the field .
tr	I	I knew I would if he asked me to , but I didn 't want to give her my packet .
tr	O	她刚刚用惊人的热辣性爱让我世界颠覆，并且她很抱歉。
tr	I	It was there , but it was very weak .
tr	I	Even the king remained still , and none of them made a sound .
tr	O	她的心一直告诉她不要害怕，但是她的理智却告诉她恰恰相反。
tr	I	Something to listen to that isn 't disco , and this time , I brought a proper meal .
tr	O	他随后回头看向克里斯汀，但是咒语已经被打破，那个特殊的魔法时刻已永远逝去。
tr	I	It 's not in the same way you love me , but I know you love you her .
tr	O	那两个吸血鬼保龄球加速冲向她，并且在最后一刻她跳开了。
tr	I	He froze -- and he heard another faint creak of a floorboard -- just outside his door this time .
tr	O	当人们像我们一样年轻时，金钱通常是一个大问题，但是这在这里显然不是这样。
tr	I	She was up for the challenge but she was going to have her hands full .
tr	O	爱丽丝能感觉到它冰冷的手指沿着她的脊椎移动，并且她的头发竖了起来，就像动物一样。
tr	I	Monique gently restrained him , but Dave started to rise .
tr	O	凯尔伸出手去抓卡莉，但是她却举起了双手。
tr	O	他渴望她，带着那种几乎要将他吞噬的炽热，但是首先，他们得解决这个烂摊子。
tr	O	瑞德问得只是稍微温柔了一点，但是这已经足以击溃我的决心。
tr	O	阿米莉亚无意服用阿片类药物，并且她一如既往地准备好战斗。
tr	I	I always will be a Marques and I always have been .
tr	O	他已经有一段时间没和我们一起扔球了，并且他没有手下留情。
tr	I	Yet that was impossible , and his scent was familiar , as if she knew him from somewhere .
tr	O	房子很冷，并且厨房里的火熄灭了。
tr	I	The flowers never bloom forever this way , but the presence proves your passion towards each other .
tr	O	里面的东西可能会导致更多可怕的画面冲击我的大脑，但是它也会确保我的生存。
tr	I	It was impossible to hear over the chaos , but I knocked again , more loudly this time .
tr	I	I walked about as fast as I have ever walked , but I never broke into a run .
tr	O	我追随他远去的目光片刻，但是我无法承受这份努力。
tr	I	He rarely got jealous , and Shane became slightly jealous .
tr	I	Her face lit up and Linda turned .
tr	O	德莫特做过一些坏事，但是他当时中了咒语。
tr	I	I just couldn 't help myself but I knew that asking him another question wasn 't going to get him out of my face any faster .
tr	I	The demon would be hidden , and the human could enter here .
tr	I	I was finally going to experience it again and his touch had haunted my dreams for two years .
tr	I	John stayed behind to help me with the chairs , but the cast filed out quickly .
tr	I	I know he 's telling the truth , but the other two might not believe him .
tr	I	It wasn 't so perfect now - filthy , ripped , bloody , but she was still wearing her perfect pink suit .
tr	O	他站着，但是他不确定能站多久。
tr	I	I really didn 't want to stop drinking and I didn 't want to change my ways .
tr	O	我已经收到了您的订单，并且我将开始烹饪您的主菜。
tr	O	我不喜欢他脸上掠过的阴沉表情，也不喜欢他紧咬的下颌。
tr	I	Nicolas 's expressionless features didn 't reflect one , but she had the impression of a smile in her mind .
tr	O	是的，她知道那些部落的问题，但是拜托，这又不是什么该死的黑暗时代。
tr	I	She snarled through gritted teeth and her gaze became hard again .
tr	I	He stared intently at her and he wore a heavy frown .
tr	I	My solution would be to cut their balls off , but I 'll deny it if I 'm asked .
tr	O	我说不清那是什么，但是它就在那里。
tr	I	This is her father , Marty and I 'm Laura .
tr	I	They both stepped toward Tate , and my grandfather nodded at Catcher .
tr	O	她不确定他想要什么，但是她相当确定她不想在凯特面前讨论它。
tr	O	他直视着我的眼睛，并且我屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	We girls were cringing with fear , but the guys were acting brave .
tr	I	He couldn 't care less about that and Judgment would be reserved for others .
tr	O	凯蒂瞪了他一眼，但是然后她的脸亮了起来。
tr	I	I don 't take it , but then he puts a hand out to help me .
tr	I	Her mother were approaching the beach and that thought trailed Cassie through the rest of her morning , right up to the moment she .
tr	O	她的嘴巴干了，并且她的皮肤发烫。
tr	I	I forced myself to stand where I was , but I wanted to step back .
tr	O	它绝不是什么豪宅，但是它是我能成长起来的最好的家了。
tr	O	我们俩都没有手机，而且我唯一的电话在那里。
tr	I	Her eyes widened , and my voice broke on the last word .
tr	I	The world map blew up , zooming into one location in central Russia and he nodded to the screen as the scrolling stopped .
tr	I	Spencer flashed her phone screen , and Mrs. Hastings glanced at Spencer with curiosity .
tr	O	我对这些设备怀有根深蒂固的恐惧，而且眼前这番景象并没有帮助减轻那些恐惧。
tr	O	还没等我反应过来，吞噬者就起飞了，并且我竭尽全力地保住性命。
tr	O	我没看到任何人，但是我却无法摆脱被监视的感觉。
tr	I	I could tell the ceremony was having the same effect on him , but he didn 't see me looking at him .
tr	I	I remembered what Mrs. Coleman said about the blockers in this room , and my head started to hum a little .
tr	O	卡梅隆的话语很平静，但是艾斯利却感觉到他体内的怒火像间歇泉一样喷涌而出。
tr	I	Then something strong erupted past my veins like a volcano , and blue light emerged from my body .
tr	I	He wanted some assurances of the best bang for his buck , and Carter McCord was looking to diversify .
tr	I	He left me for his business and I stuttered out a nonsensical reply .
tr	I	He said he had to get home , but I was hoping he 'd have time to play catch with me .
tr	I	She was having trouble keeping a grip on the small candle holder and the shakes hadn 't left Karen yet .
tr	I	She held her ground , but I could tell she was nervous being this confrontational .
tr	O	许多人胡子拉碴，而且他们的眼睛深陷发黑。
tr	I	I didn 't want him at my side , and I didn 't trust him at my back .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to explain that to Bree , but he was just drained of his freaking life energy .
tr	O	投票当然没有保证，但是我请求你承担那个风险。
tr	I	I had prayed for this opportunity , but love didn 't always come easy .
tr	O	她正躺在他身上，但是那不是让我警觉的原因。
tr	I	They weren 't listening , but he tried to yell at his family to warn them .
tr	O	它的魔力太强大以至于无法抗拒，并且我抓住卢卡，把他拉向我。
tr	O	他们中任何一个人都可能冲动开枪，并且他的生命就会在枪林弹雨中结束。
tr	O	毕竟，它是该国最大的项目之一，尽管是绝密的，但是他无法控制自己的感受。
tr	O	他正对她姐姐说着什么，并且他们穿过房间，走向餐厅。
tr	I	It might be a while , but you will probably get full use back .
tr	O	我也不想离开，但是我对此别无选择。
tr	O	她的心在燃烧，并且这种感觉蔓延到她的下巴。
tr	O	她不得不离开，并且她现在回来了。
tr	O	奥利什么也没说，但是那没关系。
tr	O	格蕾丝点了点头，并且艾莉伸出手去触碰她的手臂。
tr	I	Tingles of pleasure blanketed my body , and Jacob nibbled on my ear lobe .
tr	I	I know she 's fine and she smiles up at me .
tr	I	If I had a boyfriend , I should start caring but I 'd never cared too much about how I looked .
tr	I	Whatever fell landed in another part of the house , but a third crash sounded .
tr	O	他们是他的家人，并且他爱他们就像爱自己的孩子一样。
tr	O	这是一个艰难的世界，而且在过去的几个月里，她已经决定不让它摧毁她。
tr	I	His shoulders puffed up like he was about to explode and Gannon scowled .
tr	I	None of those visions ever included him using a spare bedroom , but he 'd envisioned spending the night with her many times over the years .
tr	O	我不记得我什么时候睡着了，但是我睡了没多久。
tr	O	赵薇证实这些是等级的标志，并且龙就这样装饰着文职官员。
tr	I	Behind the screen , I discovered this small trapdoor , and the giggling was coming from behind the movie screen .
tr	O	必须有人工作来修复高塔，而且我是最佳人选。
tr	O	我怀疑她是对的，但是现在为时已晚。
tr	I	I didn 't have the words , but I tried to find something else to say .
tr	O	尽管我努力尝试，但工作已经从我的优先事项清单上掉了下来，并且它不会再回来了。
tr	O	拉莫斯看起来对谈话很感兴趣，但是我能看出格里芬很愤怒。
tr	O	他的颤抖开始减慢，并且他慢慢地开始让自己安静下来。
tr	O	莱因霍尔德最终与我对视，脸上毫无表情，但是他的眼睛在算计、衡量、评估。
tr	I	He seemed to have trouble speaking and his bottom lip began to quiver .
tr	I	He has more style and he 's smarter .
tr	I	I would 've tipped my hand about the meeting tomorrow , and I 'd look like an idiot .
tr	O	西蒙知道这很粗鲁，但是被那样盯着看让他有些不喜欢。
tr	I	She spat in his face , and an attendant slapped Hilda hard across the cheek for talking .
tr	I	TV shows that sound familiar , and they talk about video games I know .
tr	I	I could tell from his aura that he didn 't feel the least bit guilty and Avalon used magic seamlessly with humans .
tr	I	Her anger when she 'd first learned about the pregnancy , and Jacqueline cringed whenever she thought about her long-held resentment of Tammie Lee .
tr	I	Yet she was laden with that pack , and standing a foot shorter than he was , she seemed so fragile .
tr	O	汉克很清楚霍克被这句话伤到了，但是他什么也没说。
tr	I	It didn 't bother him as much as he had expected , but everyone else tried not to stare while they stared .
tr	O	一群人正围着他们，但是他几乎没有注意他们。
tr	I	Apparently working with everyone else and which was now fully healed .
tr	O	运输车队受到严密保护，并且接近董事会成员几乎是不可能的。
tr	O	他是说我的犹豫不决会伤害丹尼，但是随着他眼中闪烁的光芒更多，我确信他也是在说他自己。
tr	O	我点点头，吃着我的三明治，并且有一段时间我们什么也没说。
tr	O	当我终于放松下来时，我的眼皮变得沉重，并且我的思绪飘浮在我上方。
tr	I	The other guys ' reactions were even funnier , but having a boyfriend was awesome .
tr	I	He glanced at his feet , and his easy smile grew uncertain .
tr	I	He didn 't smile back but I smiled at him .
tr	O	他们只有两个人，但是就算有两百人也一样。
tr	I	The whites bulged out and Dad 's eyes widened .
tr	I	After two days of driving , every minute was torture , but we were only a few hours away from New Orleans .
tr	I	Kara stepped into the hallway and the door opened without a click .
tr	O	他朝我的平头点了点头，并且我用手抚过它。
tr	O	她仍然觉得有必要保护她的弟弟，但是从千里之外做到这一点很困难。
tr	I	I hadn 't anticipated the venom in her response , but I 'd intended the accusation to sting .
tr	O	敲门声又响了起来，并且他翻了个白眼。
tr	O	她试图打他的手机，但是他没有接。
tr	I	Gabby closed her eyes , and Ian snuggled her close .
tr	I	Packs of Saracen horsemen making devastating sorties into the ranks of the Crusaders , and he saw knights on horseback with pikes .
tr	I	They were silent , but he glanced at them for instruction .
tr	I	His honest nature wouldn 't allow him to lie , but he hesitated as if he knew this was a trap .
tr	I	He increased his pace , and her smile jump-started his pulse .
tr	I	The two of them sat in silence , and he heated the last of the ale .
tr	O	阿米拉对此只是放慢了速度，并且当他停下时，她加快了一倍的速度，把一只手伸到他们之间按摩她的小花苞。
tr	I	I could feel her disquiet , but Grace didn 't say anything more .
tr	O	是的，我来这里是为了见他，但是我此刻无法真正承认这一点。
tr	O	这个概念在他心中浮现，并且他没有时间告诉她。
tr	O	他知道帐篷里有一把手电筒，并且他搜寻着折叠的睡袋找它。
tr	O	她拥有预知未来事件的天赋，并且有些人因此鄙视她。
tr	I	He needed to go without her , and he needed to go home .
tr	O	我向你保证，我们很快就能到达我要带你去的地方，并且你不会失望的。
tr	I	She knew the girl was speaking directly to her , but Scarlett couldn 't see Miranda .
tr	I	They knew that they had to keep going , but Chapter Twenty-Five After several days of walking they reached the northern coast of Gaul .
tr	O	天知道这在此阶段不可能是谦虚，并且性爱根本不予考虑。
tr	O	约翰稳住了自己，但是那只手停住了。
tr	O	肯齐悄悄走进房间，并且我跟着，看着她爸爸的眼睛在我身上固定时变得坚硬。
tr	O	那时太阳已在西方低垂，并且他们开始走向与其他人的会合点。
tr	O	她知道他多么想再次见到他的父母，并且现在他们都已离世。
tr	O	这很容易被忽略，因为石头的浅色与床单的白色融为一体，但是我看到了它。
tr	O	我跳开几码，保持警惕，但是他没有对我做出攻击性举动。
tr	I	He winked at her , and Mr. Hartley 's mouth twitched as if he found her enthusiasm amusing .
tr	O	她本会再次晕倒，但是她已经坐着了。
tr	I	Then I felt you , but I was here alone .
tr	O	德雷克走了进来，并且直到他坐在我旁边的吧台边，我才注意到艾米丽在他身后昂首阔步地走了进来。
tr	I	We both smiled , and Cohen 's eyes flicked to mine .
tr	I	Everything had vanished , and then he 'd turned .
tr	O	她很好奇接下来会发生什么，但是她知道她不能破坏这个时刻。
tr	I	He was a lanky six two , but his dark hair still flopped all over the place .
tr	O	我想那是因为我的人生在我面前一览无遗，并且我能清楚地看到未来二十年会发生什么。
tr	I	He hooks his fingers underneath the thin straps of my dress , sliding them off my shoulders and his hands move to my arms .
tr	I	He lost it and the love bite sent him reeling .
tr	O	我真希望我能替我妻子分担那个可怕的重担，但是我当时在巴黎。
tr	I	This one would have been my first and I 've never delivered a baby .
tr	I	He inhaled deeply , a shuddering sigh escaping him and his head was soon settled in the midst of her thighs .
tr	O	这并没有多大帮助，但是她感到了一丝解脱。
tr	O	空气从我胸腔中逸出，并且我无法吸入任何空气。
tr	I	She let herself in and the door was unlocked .
tr	I	Despite this , there is magic in the car , a magic that has brought Ruth back to me , but the blood scares me .
tr	O	这多年来一直是我的规矩，而且这是一个非常好的规矩。
tr	I	It was an impressive piece of furniture , but she hadn 't paid much attention to his desk during her last visit .
tr	I	Then , sniffing the air , stood up and he crawled out .
tr	I	If he had been a lesser man I was sure he would have bolted and Griffin had a panicked look on his face .
tr	O	她的头晕目眩，并且心跳加速。
tr	O	我不知道那是什么意思，但是不马上回家很有诱惑力。
tr	I	The bull lunged forward with a savage buck , his head plunging down , hind legs reaching for the sky and the chute gate swung open .
tr	I	Matched the strappy stilettos Kiran had sent along to complete the look , and the stitching was gold , glinting against the pastel silk .
tr	I	I didn 't raise my voice , but Frustration boiled my blood .
tr	I	She jerked against his hand and he moved his fingers .
tr	I	She tugged at his t-shirt , working her hands under the soft cloth onto his burning skin and their hands were unsteady as he unbuttoned her shirt .
tr	I	Her vision blurred and her eyes stung .
tr	O	听起来是对的，但是她对那些宗教玄虚不太确定。
tr	O	不，我现在不想要孩子，瑞德，但是上周我以为它无论如何都可能发生了。
tr	O	他们的妻子用礼貌的微笑看着我，但是我能看到她们眼中的疑问。
tr	O	女人们做着鬼脸，但是男人们似乎每吃一口都在练习着面无表情。
tr	I	He admired the way she was able to figure things out for herself , but he tried to sound stern .
tr	O	他让我心动不已，但是我仍然对和他在一起感到紧张。
tr	I	The warm smiles that only came from being with family , and * The house was alive with chatter , laughter .
tr	I	We headed out to the Mexican restaurant and Chapter Twenty Bennett arrived around seven .
tr	I	She went off balance , and I bent her backward .
tr	O	我转过身，并且自从我失去看到光环的能力以来，这是我第一次庆幸自己现在看不到他的光环。
tr	O	在马里波萨长大，比尔以为他对那所房子的一切都了如指掌了，但是他错了。
tr	I	My lips brush his , gently tasting him and my eyes shut .
tr	O	以利亚的手猛地伸出，并且他抓住了瑞克的胳膊。
tr	O	我感到如释重负，因为我不会撞到坚硬的地板，并且我的头颅也不会脑震荡。
tr	O	我回头看，但是什么也没看到。
tr	O	一个虚弱沙哑的声音叫他们进去，并且他们走进了宽敞的房间。
tr	I	We ate together , quietly , while Olive watched cartoons between us , and he handed it to me .
tr	I	Why they had made it as the group listened , and Bob explained their choice .
tr	O	如果你们想近距离看他，会有屏幕的，但是我们崇拜的不是他的身体。
tr	I	There was still enough light out for me to make him out but his darkness towered over me .
tr	O	黄昏时分伤员都已处理完毕，并且旅客们安顿下来，准备急需的睡眠。
tr	O	她走在街上，并且亚历山大依然无言以对。
tr	I	He recovers immediately , but Elliott 's step falters as he sees the man .
tr	I	Anyone still at the crime scene would be detained , and the police would be here any minute .
tr	O	他还在走，并且天色正在变暗。
tr	I	The young woman gulped down sugar water before putting her hand on the door , and her servants sprayed perfume .
tr	O	到目前为止一切都按仪式进行着，并且仪式是人类对抗未知最好的防御。
tr	O	他做了汉堡，并且结果赛斯竟然会做饭。
tr	O	小男孩的母亲待在前廊上，但是当她看到我们时，她的眼睛眯成了一条缝。
tr	I	He wasn 't the late type , and they 'd agreed to meet at nine .
tr	O	他们可以为此争论一整夜，并且这也解决不了任何问题。
tr	I	I wouldn 't turn to validate it , but it might have been for shock value .
tr	I	It matched the light base in the front room , and it was nearly the same pattern as the china .
tr	I	It could be worse and you 're a smart guy .
tr	I	I tasted blood and there was something wet in the corner of my mouth .
tr	I	To fill the empty chamber of a still beating heart but a tear drop grows , not destined for the cheek .
tr	O	我们都骑马去了尼克·厄普法官那里，并且他似乎知道我们要来。
tr	I	The walls have white padding , and the floor is covered in gray rubber tiles .
tr	I	There wasn 't much on , but I flipped through channels .
tr	I	She was being paranoid and he was trying to help her get her bird .
tr	I	I had to breathe deeply through my nose to get enough oxygen and he tied it snug .
tr	O	季美抱着他，但是小心翼翼地没有说什么。
tr	I	A look of distaste crossed his features , and he exclaimed in surprise .
tr	I	She swallowed hard as he stepped closer and slippery fluids trickled down her inner thighs .
tr	O	他身体的每一个细节都印在她的身上，并且突然她迷乱的感官意识到她在感受什么。
tr	O	他环顾四周，但是那里没有人。
tr	I	Tabitha somehow managed to get in front of him , but he tried to run back to the living room .
tr	O	我们敲了他们的门，告诉他们我们要走了并且他们应该加入我们。
tr	O	我告诉她我们攀登黄山的事情，并且当她谈论自己的旅行时，很明显她玩得很尽兴。
tr	O	我举起了别人递给我的一杯酒，并且人群也做了同样的事情，陷入了震惊的沉默。
tr	I	The look was effective enough that it made even my hardened heart trip a bit , and he grinned .
tr	O	她好久没穿高跟鞋了，而且那双黑色高跟鞋已经开始磨脚了。
tr	I	Jack Kirkland poked his head out , and the hatch popped open .
tr	O	她把手放到脸上，并且她皮肤的柔软让她感到惊讶。
tr	I	The other end was dry enough , but some damp grass was stuck to one end .
tr	I	That was the truth and she really didn 't .
tr	I	She was their foe , and there were angels on the Charles Bridge .
tr	I	I don 't even see a safe , and none of the desk drawers are locked .
tr	I	They preferred the roof , but Abbot offered them beds .
tr	O	他等待着，斯派德在他身旁，弗兰克在他身后，一只蝴蝶停在了他们正前方。
tr	O	理解浮现在她的脸上，并且他想吻她。
tr	I	His eyes were quite serious but his voice was still happy .
tr	I	I also knew our time alone was limited , but I knew she had so much to tell me .
tr	I	She drew in a deep , painful breath , and the irony of the situation struck her for the first time .
tr	O	他们的早餐到了，并且麦克斯大快朵颐。
tr	O	他从巨大的危险中获救了，但是许多危险仍然摆在他面前。
tr	O	一些女人说她们爱你父亲，但是我在她们很久很久以前就认识他了。
tr	O	诺拉正用亲吻慢慢覆盖我的脸，而且我让自己放下那些黑暗的想法，以免它们积聚成我无法控制的东西。
tr	O	我们被困在卡罗琳的家里，而且她疯了！
tr	O	特里斯坦说我们已经到了，但是这里什么都没有。
tr	I	His mouth twitched , but he was keeping a straight face .
tr	I	The Panama Canal treaties were ratified , and the United States recognized Communist China .
tr	O	这是一次艰难的旅行，但是团队准备充分。
tr	I	The heat already was building and the blue tarp was on the ground .
tr	I	I was a little irritated with my painting laziness , and that queasy green color was sort of matching my insides right now .
tr	I	It is not expensively decorated , and this hall is not comfortable .
tr	O	瑞安的眼睛眯了起来，但是他没有回答。
tr	O	克里克特继续他的工作，而且我依偎在他的手中。
tr	I	I was so damn angry , and she stiffened at my touch .
tr	O	夏至就在明晚，而且所有要去的人都已经有伴了。
tr	I	I laughed and he screamed .
tr	O	我准备离开，但是他抓住了我的手腕。
tr	O	她本能地检查了猫眼，但是那没有起到任何作用。
tr	O	科里一直在想他说了什么让吉恩这样，但是吉恩拒绝谈论这件事。
tr	O	我离得很近，而且我身上的每块肌肉都紧绷着。
tr	I	I do now , but I didn 't understand for a while .
tr	I	He pushed her into the water with it and Nora tried to hit him with a paddle .
tr	I	Her lungs refused to cooperate , and the weight of his warm hand surprised her .
tr	O	我已经放弃把她留在那里了，但是她也放弃了与我对抗。
tr	O	我可能受制于隧道，但是我已经不再受制于你了。
tr	O	亚历山德拉被人监视的感觉没有减弱，并且艾伦倾向于相信她的直觉。
tr	I	In her new reality it didn 't seem the least bit romantic , but being under siege might sound mysterious in a novel .
tr	I	She could feel the anger rising within her and Kira had been right all along about this reckless rogue .
tr	I	He lets out a groan , cupping my face between his hands as he steps forward , leading us somewhere , but my cheeks start to heat .
tr	O	黑龙咆哮着，并且它的火焰向他们喷射而来。
tr	I	Tongs just reduced the whole thing to a farce and going at it hammer .
tr	I	I didn 't care for it very much , but the answer was fairly simple , of course .
tr	I	I should have been able to control the situation and they were just stupid kids .
tr	O	这算不上多大的威胁，但是那是她所拥有的一切。
tr	I	I think it 's important that she gets help immediately , but she doesn 't know if she wants to do this .
tr	I	How could she argue if she wasn 't even supposed to speak , but she didn 't like the idea of staying behind alone at all ?
tr	O	我的呼吸在我脸前冒出白气，并且我抱紧双臂以增加温暖。
tr	I	Then Steven sent Anna into the living room while he fixed them some coffee , and they talked of general things while they ate .
tr	I	I decided to head to The Gym , and I walked out , trying to think where else he would be .
tr	O	他是喀尔巴阡人，并且他想强大时就很强大。
tr	I	A stomach flu kept her from using her power over him to let her come , but Samantha hadn 't been happy about being left in Albany .
tr	I	His words rang true , Live , but I thought , what to do !
tr	I	Jackie was grateful when the attention turned away from her , and Bev returned with her own loaded plate .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to start playing the role now , and I 'd never acted like a damsel in distress before .
tr	O	我对他的顺从皱眉，但是他没有停顿地继续下去。
tr	I	She agreed to do that , and she was told that after Sam was caught , she would have to return to identify him .
tr	I	It was starting to look like it was wearing on those already overburdened shoulders , and being a cop in this place was a thankless job .
tr	O	他说我对我遗产了解不多时也许是对的，但是我了解我的心魔。
tr	I	That was it , but they looked at her with wide , astounded expressions .
tr	O	他比斯图尔特高半英尺，但是他纤弱的体格连兔子都吓不倒。
tr	I	That was a mistake , and I had wanted to find logic in my life .
tr	I	She couldn 't help herself , but that probably wasn 't the most tactful response .
tr	O	当然这是预先安排好的，并且巴斯特说话让所有人都能听到。
tr	I	Some were blasted off by my energy bullets and a few of the skeletons were knocked out .
tr	I	The nightmares ended he saw a guy sitting next to him and getting used to the dark When he finally opened his eyes .
tr	O	她的眼睛充满了泪水，并且她猛烈地眨眼将它们忍住。
tr	O	我试图跟着，但是妈妈阻止了我。
tr	I	It didn 't mean anything at all , and I was attracted to a lot of guys , like superman , Henry Cavill .
tr	O	她的父母来过，但是我没有离开我的房间去见他们，尽管我妈妈催促过。
tr	O	看他你不会这么认为，但是他喜欢我的东西。
tr	I	Then the breathing came too fast , and she found it impossible to breathe .
tr	I	It takes me a moment to honestly about think the answer and Zach asks .
tr	O	一个屏幕从天花板上降下来，并且一个面部严重烧伤的光头男子的脸出现了。
tr	I	Squirrel seemed to shrivel , and Milos fumed at Squirrel .
tr	O	沮丧的泪水充满了她的眼睛，并且她靠回了枕头。
tr	O	一个七岁的孩子不应该经历这些，并且如果他们只是给妈妈药，她就不必如此了。
tr	I	It was as close to home as I had right now , and it was familiar .
tr	O	她会需要你的血，戴恩，并且她绝不能抗拒这次转移。
tr	O	窗帘拉上了，并且窗式空调正在向黑暗的房间猛吹冷气。
tr	O	字体小到我看不清，并且我甚至不确定最后排的人是否能看到。
tr	I	He was too afraid to refuse for fear of displeasing him , but he didn 't know what the agent wanted .
tr	O	凯撒猛踩刹车，并且他们打滑停在了南行车道的中央。
tr	O	事情很快，并且没人多说什么。
tr	O	我不忍面对他眼中痛苦的神情，并且我竭尽全力才没移开视线。
tr	I	She knew what I felt and I knew what she felt .
tr	O	这很悲伤，并且这就是生活。
tr	I	He hissed , scrambling back to his feet , and it was enough to throw him off balance .
tr	O	我的心感觉要从胸腔里炸成碎片，并且我能看出这行不通。
tr	O	这将是很多工作，但是我能把火星舱重新组装起来。
tr	I	It was too late , but I laid my drink off to the side .
tr	O	这并非完全是事实，但是这个版本听起来更好。
tr	I	Her head was too heavy to move , but she tried to turn away .
tr	I	She grinned at me and I pulled them off .
tr	O	那个女人看到他出现在那个折磨她的堕落者身后，但是他举起一只手做了一个无声的信号。
tr	I	I didn 't dare let go , but it began to burn my skin .
tr	O	他们的父亲是另一回事，但是他不再是我的问题了。
tr	O	他在她爱抚他勃起的时候深吸了一口气，并且一道雷声震动了房子当她的嘴唇包住他的时候。
tr	O	她感觉到他因她的归来而松了口气，并且他把她紧紧抱住，将她的身体移到他身后，与此同时他的手机不停地响着。
tr	O	阿什利夫人无法掩饰她声音中的蔑视，并且伊芙感觉自己进一步缩回到座位里。
tr	O	你不能离开公园直到你骑完所有七个，并且你必须在黎明前完成。
tr	I	I moaned , and a sharp , brutal pinch speared through my shirt into my back .
tr	O	女孩们都希望我们能把他招募到我们的队伍里，但是我不认为那和垒球有任何关系。
tr	O	他眨了一下眼，并且当他睁开眼睛时，他发现阿里安在他怀里，沐浴在明亮的晨光中。
tr	O	他离我够近，足以让我向他表明我的存在，并且，只是他一人。
tr	O	法警告诉我们法官要进来了，并且我们站了起来。
tr	O	她旁边站着亨利，而且他看起来比我以前见过的任何时候都快乐，他身体所有的紧张都消失了。
tr	O	我说话时胸口因激动而发紧，并且我的眼睛发烫。
tr	O	上帝给了他异常强烈的性欲，而且彼得曾认为失去一只眼睛会使他对异性没有吸引力。
tr	I	I thought he heard a coach , although there was none due , and I could see him .
tr	I	He 's cradling his arm , and Kent 's face is white .
tr	I	My hand fell on hers like dead wood , and I swallowed .
tr	I	He would not win this time but he had to admit that the new Edward was somewhat skilled .
tr	I	She 's telling the truth , but I can 't explain it .
tr	I	Then finally he slips one inside me , and his fingers remain just inside my jeans , like he 's testing me .
tr	I	I need time to move on from things but I 'll check in when I can .
tr	I	She was humming , but she still stared off into the distance , not seeing anything at all .
tr	I	Travis wondered if she was even aware of her actions and she rubbed the flat of her hand across her abdomen .
tr	O	他一点也不喜欢那个人，并且他从未告诉他关于曼弗雷德的事。
tr	O	芬恩清了清嗓子，并且我们都看着他。
tr	O	他们都站了起来，并且她把钱包的长肩带搭在肩上。
tr	O	我听不见他，但是阳光从他皮肤上反射出闪烁的彩虹，在我前方舞动。
tr	O	我最后一次访问的城市是达拉斯，并且很容易看出杰克逊的规模远不及那个城市。
tr	O	杰克几乎不被察觉地摇了摇头，并且他的搭档在开口说话之前停了下来。
tr	O	风没有那么大，并且要暖和得多。
tr	O	我脑海中听到磨刀的声音，并且我恐怕正在失去理智。
tr	O	我正要继续往前走，但是我听到了我的名字。
tr	I	I brought my arm around her waist , and she touched my cheek .
tr	O	艾丽莎搂住了安德鲁的脖子，并且他把她拉近。
tr	I	Her message was clear but she couldn 't exactly drop to a knee in a shop amongst humans .
tr	O	我听说他需要一个，并且我也考虑过这件事。
tr	I	We don 't know for sure , but we have reason to think she 's dead .
tr	O	她的大脑命令她的脚从他的怀里走开，但是不知为何她的脚却忽视了她大脑的指令。
tr	I	I hear Coach through the speaker in my helmet , and the third quarter starts .
tr	I	She shrank further against the inside of the door , and a small cry pressed from her mouth .
tr	I	I don 't back up as he draws closer , but I put my hand in my pocket .
tr	O	我的记忆都不能被标记删除，但是当然，医生们看不到这一点。
tr	O	怀亚特的敞篷车已经右转驶入主干道，并且查尔德里斯猛地加速。
tr	I	Maybe she didn 't care , or Noelle didn 't seem to notice that I 'd tuned her out .
tr	O	他的魔法向我袭来，并且我有一毫秒的时间来阻挡它，在它击中我胸部之前。
tr	O	他本想听到苏西的声音，但是根据尼克的短信，她已经在沙发上睡着了。
tr	O	文森特点了点头，并且这个动作似乎耗尽了他仅剩的所有力气。
tr	O	他不确定自己是不是一个特别棒的故事讲述者，但是他发现他足以吸引孩子们的注意力。
tr	O	马库斯说了些什么，但是蒂莫西没有回应。
tr	I	I felt out of place , but I suppose we made a good team .
tr	O	我知道我不该说，但是我再也无法忍下去了。
tr	I	He knew absolutely nothing about fishing , but the stream appeared to be sufficiently deep .
tr	I	In truth , I felt him more than ever , as if there were an invisible string connecting us , but I pretended he wasn 't there .
tr	O	他要在126号地块做什么谁也说不准，但是我猜有人要被埋了。
tr	I	She wondered if he was annoyed and a long period of silence followed .
tr	I	She saw several men smiling at them , and David had his arms wrapped around Mandy .
tr	I	The engine died , and the truck stalled .
tr	I	The room was getting dark , and the sun was already setting .
tr	O	她狠狠地一巴掌打在他的脸上，并且他的手指立刻钳住了她的手腕。
tr	I	I am approved to specialize in Psychiatric medicine and I pass with flying colors .
tr	O	我想告诉他们我没聋，但是反而我因罗素声音中的激动而畏缩。
tr	I	Joshua was her best bet , but the whole thing was scary .
tr	O	她很想在他的怀里待上几天，甚至几周，但是那是不可能的事。
tr	I	Her crowd did not keep up with his crowd , and Mark was about as far as possible from popular .
tr	I	I 'm not ready to come home as if I am Maddie unchanged , but I 'm hoping to spend time with you .
tr	O	我咬着牙回答，希望她和那个男孩能走开。
tr	O	当她咬下三明治时，她的身体放松了，并且她感受到了泪流后的宣泄性解脱。
tr	I	She swung the door open and the doorbell rang .
tr	O	皮肤灼痛，但是我忽略了。
tr	I	The cup was steady , but the bendable straw in it moved a little bit from the upward movement .
tr	O	他轻轻地吻了吻她的太阳穴，并且她的肚子里一阵剧烈的嗡嗡声。
tr	I	The woman was destined to drive him to his grave , but Devil 's balls .
tr	O	她的眼睛又小又亮，棕色深得常被误认为是黑色。
tr	O	他不会让除了他的核心圈子以外的任何人看到它。
tr	I	Although they were now married , they still hated me for flirting with their men back then , and I had pissed them off .
tr	O	又是一次与现实的脱节，但是这次却让他撒了弥天大谎。
tr	O	三个小小的声音齐声尖叫，并且孩子们跑出了门，一旦内特松开艾斯林。
tr	O	这座教堂工艺精湛，并且甚至从远处看到它也唤起了数百段回忆。
tr	O	他把她拉了起来，并且一瞬间，米娅就安全地站在屋顶上了。
tr	I	A small tiara sits on top of a mass of blond braids , and she has bracelets up to each elbow .
tr	O	英格丽德向我走近了一步，并且这次我没有躲开。
tr	O	这些东西很明显是从我们这里进化而来的，并且现在世界是他们的了。
tr	I	Its fingers , they were so long , and its knuckles were enormous .
tr	I	His brow would be creased into a thousand crinkles , and his eyes would be desperate , needing .
tr	I	It wasn 't nearly long enough , but I was not sure how long I was asleep .
tr	O	他站起来向她伸出手，她握了握，并且然后他们都坐了下来。
tr	O	两只强壮的带爪手指抓住了她的脚踝，但是她把它们向上踢到了隧道的顶部。
tr	I	I knew why no one supported it , but the Sergeant Major was angry that no one wanted to support the NCO board .
tr	O	我所有的结论都是主观的，并且我无法证明我没有犯错。
tr	I	Three years later she didn 't know by whom , and within a year she was ' with child ' .
tr	O	我是一名记者，但是我从未问过你一个引导性问题。
tr	O	我本会为他感到难过，因为它看起来很疼，但是我真的不在乎。
tr	O	所有的目光都集中在我身上，并且低语声已经变得安静下来，变成了耳语。
tr	O	她直到抵达时才不是克莱尔·克莱门特，并且她离开时当然也不是。
tr	O	他的嘴唇轻轻分开她的，而且他将她的头向后倾斜。
tr	O	卡罗琳的眼睛开始下垂，而且尼古拉斯靠回了床上。
tr	O	她茫然地盯着他，而且他觉得自己很笨。
tr	I	Hundreds more were there for pulling the heavy equipment and over a thousand horses were in the cavalry .
tr	O	我的太糟糕了，但是你帮我的那个很棒。
tr	O	远比他獠牙更让我不信任的邪恶笑容出现了，而且我立刻感到不安，暂时忘记了所有与肺有关的功能。
tr	I	I held my breath as I looked at the caller ID , and my phone buzzed .
tr	I	I wanted her to point her camera in another direction so I could link my fingers through his again , and I missed the warmth right away .
tr	O	公寓大楼自房地产市场暴跌以来一直很流行，而且我不认为它们在近期会失去任何优势。
tr	O	也许他们已经找到他了，而且他已经安全了。
tr	I	At least Eleanor was , or soon they were seeing other people .
tr	I	She needed to talk privately with Aric and they could do without her supervision for a time .
tr	I	The children played and she turned the pages , leafing through the book as the guests chattered .
tr	I	She jumped to sit upon it , and her hands cupped the edge of the sideboard .
tr	I	I cannot , but I know I should look away , let him grieve in private .
tr	O	有东西碰到我的头发，而且我尖叫起来。
tr	I	Lucy was doing the dinner dishes and Conner had already left .
tr	I	I looked up , expecting to see Jennifer , and I heard John mutter a greeting to someone .
tr	I	It trotted quickly away , off the road and its sensitive nose caught a whiff of something .
tr	O	我告诉了她关于你的事情，并且她对你的困境感到非常难过。
tr	I	Of course , she wasn 't there , but he tore away toward the bedroom .
tr	O	塞斯点了点头，看起来很不相信，并且门开了。
tr	O	他以前从未经历过地震，但是他相信他现在正在经历他人生中的第一次。
tr	I	She could smell the basil in it , but she didn 't know what it was .
tr	I	He 'd already told me that the action was all at the fab building , and the only problem was that Ricky was based in the Valley .
tr	I	I had to lay still for a few moments to get my bearings and he 'd shoved me back so hard that I landed on the ground .
tr	I	It was tempting , so tempting , but he refused to close his eyes .
tr	O	他盯着看了一分钟，并且他接着呼了口气，呼气时力道之大，似乎像个泄了气的气球一样让他瘪了下去。
tr	O	他坚硬的隆起搏动着，并且她渴望了解他私密的感受。
tr	I	I wondered what the hell made him hesitate , and I watched him debate for a long moment .
tr	O	我同意了她的条件，并且她大步走上床。
tr	I	He was able to leave work every night to be with her and she had been overjoyed when the transition period ended .
tr	I	I could see heavy breaths wracking her body , and the curve of her spine caught the last bit of twilight .
tr	I	She slumped to the floor and in that instant her head was crushed by a blow from behind .
tr	I	At least it would keep Mark away from Josie , but he didn 't want to offer .
tr	O	有一声模糊的回应，但是声音不够清晰，无法听辨。
tr	I	Then I saw something on his face I 'd never seen before , and Cole 's eyes became tight .
tr	O	莉维娅伸手去抓她的双胞胎，但是她的手却抓了个空。
tr	I	I wasn 't about to give her a nod of acknowledgement , but I 'd forgotten she was there for a moment .
tr	O	现在它被那些为他们工作的人管理得很好，并且她的父母就不需要经常待在那里了。
tr	O	我跟着那个穿黑衣的女人，并且她把我带到了一个更大的房间。
tr	I	Now I await my return , and the funds were accepted , as was promised .
tr	O	这不仅仅是关于性，但是我不能留宿。
tr	O	摄像机让他冲昏了头脑，并且虚荣心占据了他。
tr	O	其中一个小男孩半边脸不见了，并且一个小小蹒跚学步的孩子正在爬行，他的脚完全不见了。
tr	I	She had certainly gotten the better end of the deal , what with not being dead , and their union had been convenient for them both .
tr	I	He made her shiver for no reason at all and he wore casual clothes .
tr	O	也许我穿过天然井的次数太多了，或者出了故障。
tr	O	没有言语可以感谢威利，并且他们对他的态度也永远改变了。
tr	O	莎拉转过身，并且当她打量着那个发出性感声音的男人时，她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	Sarah knew how much she loved being in her own home at night , but * * * Earlier , Esme had offered to spend the night .
tr	I	You already know I love to ski and I play basketball a couple of times a week .
tr	O	我一时好奇他为什么会给我打电话，但是我就想起了我提交的破产诉讼。
tr	O	当我再次挣扎着来到窗边时，我的心在胸膛里砰砰直跳，并且汗水咸咸地淌过我的脸颊。
tr	I	He knew that if his heart could still beat it would have stopped at the sight of her , and she was stunning , breathtaking .
tr	I	He could sense her wanting to go back , and it had to be in search of Kim .
tr	O	我知道你想相信我，但是你却在阻止自己。
tr	O	这场胜利出奇地空虚，但是马蒂亚斯还是承担了下来。
tr	I	She knew where the door was , but it was so dark she couldn 't see .
tr	I	He is also Josh 's accountant and he was your Dad 's accountant .
tr	O	他的胃翻腾着，并且他转过身去。
tr	O	拉斯蒂笑了，并且他的金色眼睛因贪婪而闪闪发光。
tr	O	我见过埃斯特，并且我们现在已经分手了。
tr	O	我们的党派仍然很小，只有一万名党员，并且我们需要忠诚的党员来服从我们的命令。
tr	I	He didn 't hear any movement , but Cain stiffened , wondering if Robert had come home .
tr	I	Her eyes were sad , but she tried to smile .
tr	I	She tried to speak around it but Jane 's breath was ragged .
tr	I	The damage is already done , but since then she 's repented .
tr	I	He pulled my face up until I had to look at him , and the hand over my mouth moved under my chin .
tr	I	He shook his head , but I tried to kiss him again .
tr	I	Gary 's shoes were almost touching it ... and the crowd stood right at its edge .
tr	I	Surely she would freeze , but she would not drown .
tr	I	They were less powerful , but he had a set of eyeglasses with the same capabilities .
tr	O	她没有听到他跟着她，但是她本该预料到这一点。
tr	O	那些话里有些不祥之兆，但是艾米丽却无可救药地分心了，没能深究那个念头。
tr	I	The rest had followed suit , and Ollie was standing well , considering his injury .
tr	I	It had to have been well after midnight , but there wasn 't a clock in the room .
tr	I	It was terrible PR , but at first they couldn 't figure out what it was .
tr	O	从他今天早上醒来到现在才没多久，但是却感觉像过了好几年。
tr	I	He looked up in surprise when he saw her step away from the stable wall , and his movements with the reins seemed weary .
tr	O	他通过他长长的黑睫毛侧眼看她，不是一个腼腆的表情，但是他似乎为她感到骄傲。
tr	I	When it came to technology he knew exactly what to do but he may have been a pathetic little weasel .
tr	I	I 'm holding my boarding pass in my mouth as I bend over to tie my shoelaces and Chapter Eleven I 've checked in .
tr	I	I can feel my oncoming nervous tears and my hand brushes his cheek .
tr	I	I walk toward it out of curiosity , and there 's one remaining barn on the left , before the smaller domiciles begin .
tr	O	没错，她曾指控我对他不忠，但是她也曾向伊森告状。
tr	I	He didn 't seem to mind , but Water was soaking into his shirt .
tr	I	The Smoker lowered his sticks , and the Thugs running toward her drew to a stop .
tr	O	她低声嘀咕着什么关于白痴青少年以及她拒绝承担责任的话，无论结果如何。
tr	O	她伸手去拿他的三明治，并且他把三明治举高，让她够不着。
tr	I	I thought I might , but she wasn 't crying .
tr	O	也许好好游个泳能让他头脑清醒，并且他可以顺便洗个澡。
tr	I	There wasn 't a doubt in his mind , and more than once Rich had collided with that pride of hers .
tr	I	It could wait , but the pad would be soaked through soon , if it wasn 't already .
tr	O	她很高兴天黑了，而且他看不见她脸颊泛红。
tr	I	I searched in vain for something to say , and he grew quiet again .
tr	O	我知道我可能伤了她，但是我无法感到抱歉。
tr	O	现在是中午，而且他们离棒球场很远。
tr	O	那是我们最后一次做爱，而且也是我最后一次见他真正微笑。
tr	O	他开始微笑，并且然后他抬起头。
tr	O	他的鼻孔张开，而且她发誓他的头在他停下之前向下低了一点点。
tr	I	I couldn 't move him , but I struggled to push him away from me .
tr	I	He did have a little English , but Mendoza admitted that his Polish was not very good .
tr	I	The creature rammed it head-on and the door slammed shut .
tr	I	She looked directly into Saber 's eyes and her eyes fluttered open .
tr	I	Just visible behind the graffiti above it were the words : The Golem Trust , but the window was boarded over .
tr	I	She was there , right in front of me but I turned the corner , hoping to sneak by her without being seen .
tr	I	I could see her pupils dilate as our thighs touched and she leaned towards me .
tr	O	附近有类似的建筑物，但是那意义不大。
tr	O	他一秒钟也坚持不住了，但是他必须带她走。
tr	I	I 'm still trying to make sense of the match-up , but the girl can find redeeming qualities in a drowned rat .
tr	O	我喜欢骑马，但是即使是骑手也不会把所有钱都押在一场比赛上。
tr	I	It wouldn 't have put a dent in his bank account , and she could have demanded millions .
tr	I	We went to our room and I smiled as I took Amelia 's hand .
tr	O	她哭着抗议，并且他咆哮着，用贪婪的吮吸亲吻她的每一个乳头。
tr	I	The two men went into the living room and he threw the pack on the kitchen table .
tr	I	Izzy forced him back , but the Lightning blocked it .
tr	I	I went past to get the ice and he stepped aside .
tr	I	No way did she want to embarrass herself with this man , and she 'd be lucky to get through the experience without flinching .
tr	I	That , I knew , was part of its appeal for Bex , and it was also bloody risky .
tr	I	If he was , he was invisible , but frowning , I glanced around the store , certain that he was there .
tr	I	The clock read five in the morning , so I decided to stay awake , but it was still dark outside .
tr	I	It was all her fault and Claire had suffered a massive stroke .
tr	I	I was right , and I knew I 'd seen him .
tr	I	I hope you understand that Greg now that you 're here and the trust we have for each other has to be total .
tr	I	Her side of the family would not be refused , but even her uncle did not understand her request to join the Templars .
tr	I	If nobody knew who I was at The Cove , maybe that didn 't matter , but I might have failed at changing my appearance .
tr	O	她向门口示意，并且他们开始走向村庄的边缘。
tr	I	After glancing at the map , Preston led the way up higher on the ridge , but atop the ridge , the paths went in several directions .
tr	O	他们死了，并且我没死。
tr	O	我的意思是我的确做过，但是他们不完全是人。
tr	I	I nodded and Brandon looked at me as I continued sipping .
tr	O	所有人坐定下来，并且当我最近的邻居把椅子挪开几英寸时，她没有发表评论。
tr	I	The words launched themselves across the room without her volition and Claire had been watching the door to the lounge for two hours .
tr	I	Then she notices Ally sitting there , and the girl 's voice is angry .
tr	I	They show no sign of calming down , and Blood has spattered all over both of them .
tr	O	她可能会迷住现场所有其他男人，但是她的顽皮却让贾克斯烦透了。
tr	I	His expression softened and Kaspar seemed taken aback .
tr	I	I punched his arm and he winked at me .
tr	I	The pressure of Cole 's face between her legs held her in place , but she was nearly sliding off the leather chair .
tr	O	在楼梯平台上，杰克举起了手，但是门在他敲门之前就开了。
tr	O	她把脸转向他，并且她感觉到他的嘴唇轻轻地落在她的嘴唇上。
tr	O	我向它转过身去，并且随着我转完身，我看到他关上了门。
tr	O	戴着手套很难打架，但是她仍然可以出拳。
tr	I	He pushes out a breath , and his eyes drop to the table .
tr	O	那些大树大多已经死了，但是新的树苗却随处可见。
tr	I	Without breaking stride he turned to address her and the quiet comment caught Gabriel 's attention .
tr	O	他的车里有一个流浪老妇，并且她看起来很害怕。
tr	I	He hadn 't lost his mind , but he might have lost faith .
tr	I	My heart sank , and as we neared the door to her hotel room , those voices grew louder .
tr	O	天气很美，并且空气中弥漫着不远处花园里盛开的花朵的香气。
tr	I	That had not mattered , for I was simply smart enough to get by in school but I was never the studious type .
tr	I	I wonder how Bang Ali could stand dating you for three years , but call me mean .
tr	O	我们的守卫肯定还在睡觉，并且昨晚，他们以为我们因为决定性的胜利而安全了。
tr	I	Suffering I caused you and ' Until recently , I never really understood all the pain .
tr	I	This could easily be one of their traps , and Daphne was right when she said the forest was probably full of Reapers .
tr	I	It still made him sad , but she had to find out sometime .
tr	I	He wanted to get back into his workout routine and it was only his third Sunday afternoon in Cupertino .
tr	O	汽车转向与无名氏大楼相反的方向，并且我任由它把我们甩在后面。
tr	I	Now I had a black Visa card with no limit , but as Jacob 's assistant I had a five figure clothing allowance .
tr	O	我不认识她的脸，并且她的衣服是白色的，不属于任何派系。
tr	I	There was no avoiding it , but swallowing his pride left a bitter taste in his mouth .
tr	I	They weren 't built to do that very well and nothing about the other clothes I was wearing would be useful other than keeping me warm .
tr	O	巴沙点了点头，并且莫妮卡把头从他身边转开。
tr	I	She 's keen to get on with it but she knows it 'll be a rollercoaster journey .
tr	O	我倾向于认为是另一个仆从在幕后造成了失踪，但是我不想妄下结论。
tr	I	She understood she was facing a crucial moment , but her flight instinct was screaming at her again .
tr	I	My memories of the long hours on the road were less fond , but the holidays themselves had always been wonderful .
tr	I	She was still interested over him but he was definitely like his friend .
tr	O	罗伯特被提供了内布拉斯加州西北部的这个区域，或者他可以自由地去别处寻找机会。
tr	O	她到家时天已经黑了，并且她急着进去。
tr	I	He began to pleasure me in earnest and that exchange seemed to light a fire in him .
tr	I	I tried to think fast and obviously he was hiding something .
tr	I	He looked a little exasperated , and he was standing with Carlton .
tr	I	There are so many of them , but we could try to fight our way out .
tr	I	He walked behind me , pressing the gun against my spine , and I took him inside the station .
tr	O	索尔脸红了，但是他不能退缩。
tr	I	I embraced him and I stood up .
tr	I	Two dimples appeared in his cheeks and he grinned .
tr	O	他们都一样，并且他们又如此不同。
tr	O	可能是异常安静的气氛让琼斯紧张不安，或者也可能是护士站缺少工作人员。
tr	O	他原本想在天亮时出发，但是克兰西的伤口改变了这些计划。
tr	O	米切尔的嘴巴又张开了，但是这次没有说出任何话。
tr	I	There 's no shelter left standing , but I 'm shivering bad .
tr	O	我们是完全相反的人，但是也许这会让我们成为很棒的室友。
tr	O	门铃响了，但是两人都忽略了它。
tr	O	我有一种感觉，阿特里厄姆·斯帕克斯医生和我将相处得很好。
tr	O	他加快了步伐，并且我感觉自己又积聚起力量。
tr	I	The cottage , while small , was well proportioned , and there were signs of a garden , long neglected now .
tr	O	我痛得大叫起来，而且即使在她抬起我的手臂后，我仍然发现自己随着药效的持续而呜咽着。
tr	I	I had a floating feeling , offset by the flat feeling of shock , and the painkillers were kicking in .
tr	O	我可以走这条路，但是我不想。
tr	O	老人打开了灯，露出了一个办公室，里面有金发木墙和多排漆成非常丑陋的焦橙色的矮书柜。
tr	O	几乎不可能不留下淤青地使用桨，但是他没有给她一切。
tr	I	I try to shake it off before I get carried away , and that vision from Rockaway blows through me like a summer storm .
tr	O	我们在黑暗中相遇，并且他从不多谈论他的生活。
tr	I	He snarls viciously through clenched teeth and Zachary 's eyes are wild with hate .
tr	O	我什么也没说，并且她打开了它，没有看发件人地址。
tr	I	He wasn 't going to lose ground now , but a moment of doubt flickered over her face .
tr	O	空气很干燥，并且气温酷热难耐。
tr	O	很难对他隐瞒这么多，但是我还没有准备好分享。
tr	I	Pleasure brought a rare smile to his dark eyes , and the sea breeze brushed lightly over his naked skin .
tr	O	那是一个多么简单的词，但是我却觉得它完美地描述了萨琳娜，考虑到我曾见过她对安东尼奥所做的一切。
tr	I	It was now part of Brian 's grave , but it surely belonged to a member of the living at one time .
tr	I	It infected me in a strange way and his smile didn 't seem to fade .
tr	I	Jamie will keep guard and we are safe here tonight .
tr	O	我把他的头发从他眼前拨开，并且他把头靠在我的手上。
tr	O	在他能见到乔希之前，他溜进了小屋，坐在马桶上，并且我转向小便池，在那人面前做戏。
tr	O	我在昏暗的光线下看东西，但是蜡烛让它清晰可见。
tr	O	她再次想找到一个更安全的出口，但是艾萨克大喊其他的墙壁都一样。
tr	O	只要忽略它，并且它就会过去。
tr	I	She 'd gotten some good shots and they 'd had a good ride .
tr	I	I was surrounded on all sides by it , and it was scary .
tr	O	就像我在梦里一样，并且是时候醒来了。
tr	O	我睁开眼睛，并且我看到了她的包。
tr	O	你可以称之为爱，或者你可以称之为自由落体。
tr	I	I fall into an easy pattern and once things return to normal Knox .
tr	I	It felt good washing around my toes and it was warm .
tr	O	我知道他随时都可能变得不稳定，他可能会出现并发症，但是我愿意在他身边支持他。
tr	I	Cory noticed him looking thoughtfully towards the parking lot , and Gene was waiting .
tr	O	我们分手几周了，并且她就已经走出来了？
tr	I	The heroin was inspected for purity and Romano remained in his car while the account balances were verified .
tr	O	我感到一阵寒意，并且我颤抖了。
tr	I	The book remained closed , but he placed it in his hand that way now , in the dark , as a sort of a somber joke .
tr	I	Yes , it was definitely George , and suddenly she saw him again , getting onto a tram .
tr	O	尼克的银色皇冠维多利亚轿车停在我车旁，并且我在他下车前就下了车。
tr	I	I 'm glad she seems happy , but I 'm a little envious .
tr	I	He wished he had paid more attention to the comment , and it had taken a while to recall the exact words .
tr	O	吉布斯警士今天休假，但是她可能也需要他。
tr	I	The adrenaline rush was fun , but she was also very scared .
tr	O	如果被逼问，他可能会说那只是一个不幸的巧合，但是要把一个王国赌在一个女孩身上？
tr	I	We walked to the hotel in silence and I just nodded at Ry 's words .
tr	I	She quickly shut it again because the air around them was bitterly cold , and Scarlett realised that her jaw was open .
tr	O	我们进去了，并且马瑟斯按下了去一楼的按钮。
tr	I	He 'd gone bald years ago , but a thick gray mustache set off a face that would make any gangster proud .
tr	I	You do have the power to make them better , but I was going to tell you that you may not be able to fix things .
tr	O	妮娜凝视着我的眼睛，并且我明白了。
tr	O	他们快速移动着，头低垂，单手将火枪向前举着。
tr	I	She knew who it was , and there was a knock at her door .
tr	I	His eyes were anxious now , and I looked up at him again .
tr	O	他的表情一片空白，并且他的皮肤苍白。
tr	I	The cool of the night brought the mist rolling in gently across the marshes , and the day had been a hot one .
tr	O	弗兰克已经搭建了架子，但是它们实施得很粗糙。
tr	O	我关上门，并且我一转身，就撞到了我爸爸。
tr	I	I 'm afraid he won 't , but if he would treat Eadie as his whore I should be content .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have gotten in touch or he obviously wanted some contact with her .
tr	O	她感觉到他的皮肤贴着她的皮肤，并且突然她闻到了薄荷味。
tr	O	用你的思想去选择爱，并且那就是你成为的样子。
tr	O	她的心揪紧了，并且她的喉咙收紧了。
tr	O	灯又自动亮了，但是这个衣柜里的衣服看起来像是属于另一个女人的。
tr	I	They caught up almost immediately but I moved away from them .
tr	I	A record number of 150 million people were not working , and unemployment was a staggering 25 percent .
tr	O	我想成为一名律师，并且我为追求这个目标付出了巨大的努力。
tr	I	I 'm so happy , but I didn 't think I 'd win .
tr	I	Their bodies dumped in unmarked , shallow graves and there must be countless people who have been murdered .
tr	I	Blood spurted out , and with a grunt of triumph she drove it into the body .
tr	O	路易莎咬了一口她的俱乐部三明治，平时这是她最喜欢的，然而今天尝起来却像纸包装一样。
tr	O	他的父亲脸色一沉，并且他慢慢地摇了摇头。
tr	O	我想不出对此的回应，但是我却不得不开口。
tr	O	泪水刺痛了我的眼底，但是我拒绝再为梅森哭泣。
tr	O	我的头埋在岛台前的双臂里，并且他走进来的时候我还没坐起来。
tr	I	Still , I didn 't even see him and he 's so quiet .
tr	O	我问，并且他点头。
tr	I	I looked up to see him looking down and his voice brought me out of my stupor .
tr	I	He was damn glad , but he didn 't know what had changed her mind .
tr	O	受损的树枝弯曲着伸过米娅窗户上方的屋顶，而且艾米丽可以想象如果它掉下来会对屋顶造成多大的破坏。
tr	I	There wasn 't really much for the older folks to do except stand around and Midvale by nature was a quiet town .
tr	I	The weather wasn 't about to let them forget and Christmas was less than two months away .
tr	I	He snags my shoulders , but I try to push past him .
tr	I	He would not mind spending more time with her , and he looked forward to his evenings with Stacy more than he should .
tr	O	看起来大部分学生都在草坪上闲逛，但是只有少数几个人看起来是新来的，像我一样。
tr	I	At the same time she wanted to beat back hope , but she wanted to ask them so many questions .
tr	O	我将手指按在上面，并且它就模糊了。
tr	O	感谢上帝，克尔斯蒂终于在楼上睡着了，并且赛斯在一旁看护她。
tr	I	In the end , I think it 's been good for us both , but being away from him has seriously been hard .
tr	I	I don 't , but I should stop .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be the last and it wasn 't the first time .
tr	O	失望开始滋生，但是她却把它赶走了。
tr	O	我打开我的前门，并且我们上楼了。
tr	O	恳求我把那张照片挂在墙上并且永远不要放手。
tr	I	Conrad jumped down from the roof of the car , and Tristan slid off his rather comfortable recliner .
tr	O	哈迪斯遣散了剩下的亡灵，只留下我们三个人，并且我们之间的气氛一如既往地紧张。
tr	I	Our speed slowed to thirty , and the tires sank into the powder .
tr	I	She was unsettled and she was convinced that something was about to happen .
tr	I	I knew how busy his schedule was , but I had Cary Grant in mind as the leading man .
tr	I	She flashed him her best smile , but it did nothing for her .
tr	O	我的心沉入了胸腔，我的思绪一片混乱，并且我的身体完全麻木了。
tr	I	Hart hadn 't thought it would , before Eleanor found her deepest pleasure , and it did not take long .
tr	I	It wasn 't the same as being right there in his crypt , but she imagined that he could hear .
tr	I	He seems off balance and his voice is light .
tr	I	It sounded half full and he dinged the side of the drum .
tr	I	Hard pavement covers it , and the hole seals up .
tr	I	The two men tumbled down the stairs , landing with a hard thud at the bottom , and before he could regain his balance , Sean lunged .
tr	I	The new leader , Knock Knees , was a pacifist , but assyrians hardly ever ran out of wars .
tr	I	My complete focus went to his mouth , and a smirk appeared on his perfectly shaped lips .
tr	O	大厅对面的门开了，并且一个身材娇小、曲线玲珑、长着一头金色卷发的漂亮女人探出了头。
tr	O	她的牙齿咔哒作响，并且她小小的下巴颤抖着。
tr	I	Sam climbed until he got out of the drift , and she pulled .
tr	O	我仍在倒下的树的上坡处，并且我开始向右边走去。
tr	I	We were down by one point with only seconds left , and it was the fourth quarter against Myrtle Beach High School .
tr	I	His words are not without some merit , but ' Aye , he speaks falsely .
tr	I	Yes , our lovable Lieutenant has chewed my ass about it , and yes , the other squad leaders give me shit over it .
tr	I	Nothing came to me , but I studied the house , hoping to spur recollection .
tr	O	当黎明到来时，我将命令众人吹响圣盔的号角，并且我将策马而出。
tr	I	I don 't start anything , but the stares still bother me .
tr	O	在最后一秒，米娜猛地直起身来，但是那只杂种狗调整了它的攻击弧线。
tr	O	上次犯的错误是没有给狩猎一个目的，但是今晚不会再犯那个错误了。
tr	I	Not because he 'd remembered she was his wife , and it hadn 't occurred to him to pull out .
tr	I	I 've already put in an application a couple weeks ago and the hospital is hiring .
tr	I	I can 't tell her the truth about the beating , but I hate lying to her .
tr	O	他的光芒黯淡了，并且他再次站在我面前，凝实，眼神困扰。
tr	O	他糖果色的目光变得锐利，并且他的嘴角两侧深陷。
tr	I	She took that as a good sign , and Cain groaned in pain .
tr	I	The three boys listened to the town local and the feeling of being on the verge of an argument disappeared .
tr	O	三个孩子都在咯咯地笑，并且连道格拉斯也在微笑。
tr	O	你们哭泣吧，不幸的人们，但是这些不是你们最后的眼泪！
tr	O	我爱她，但是我的首要职责是对我的部族。
tr	I	She clenched around it in surprise and as she smiled over his words , he slid one finger inside of her .
tr	I	It slammed shut on her , and Leah put her hand in the way .
tr	I	I turned up to him , and Anger grew at my center .
tr	I	There was also pain ... but Anger lit his eyes .
tr	I	He reached out in desperation and the kindly orphans eyes widened .
tr	O	我举起了拳头，但是蒙蒂把我拉了回来。
tr	O	像往常一样，尼克的推理很有道理，但是这并没有阻止艾斯今天早上心情不好地醒来。
tr	I	They would handle the execution and once he entered an area with a local pack , I was to report to them .
tr	I	I couldn 't look away and I couldn 't stop the tears .
tr	O	他的脖子上戴着各种项链，但是它们被塞进了他T恤的前面。
tr	O	扎克触摸了它，并且一扇门打开了。
tr	O	那些没有伴侣的人通常一团糟，并且那些好的都结婚了。
tr	O	当屋顶坍塌时，两侧已经倒塌，并且葛藤覆盖了整个结构，穿梭于木板之间。
tr	I	She didn 't know for what , but the power inside her was hungry .
tr	O	她没有注意到他进来，但是她现在非常清楚他的存在。
tr	O	我在你离开前告诉过你我了解我自己的心，而且我确实如此。
tr	I	Fire kindles in his eyes , and Blood rushes into his face .
tr	I	Then I crouched up into a ready position , and I waited for a few moments to steady my breath .
tr	O	他递给我，并且我小啜了一口。
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure she 's worthless in that department , but no offence to Brielle .
tr	I	She was and Savannah seemed super sad .
tr	I	I couldn 't place their ethnicity , but they had an heir of familiarity .
tr	I	They were unoccupied , but the breakfast tables had been laid out .
tr	I	His father wasn 't being accommodating , and he needed a battleground on which to vent the emotions churning inside him .
tr	I	When it turned in the water quickly , it produced a wave that drove the zombie into the woman and a rescue boat came by .
tr	I	Apparently , she wasn 't able to speak freely about it and he put it down to bad memories .
tr	O	当然，我总是会有遗憾，但是遗憾对我来说并不是什么新鲜事。
tr	I	She might not feel strong enough to resist them , and no doubt it would tease more lustful desires .
tr	I	She could hear them , but she couldn 't see them yet .
tr	I	The hue of violet I love so much returns , and her blue eyes lose their glaze .
tr	O	床单被从床上撤下，并且艾米丽翻身而动，感应到她母亲的存在。
tr	I	We began walking towards the beach and he took hold of my hand .
tr	I	Adam shouted with it , and the engine roared .
tr	O	卡梅伦的眉毛垂下，但是他看她的眼神直击她的内心。
tr	O	我没有看见萨姆，但是我确定是他。
tr	I	I started to feel chilly , wanting the covers over top of me , and the sweat on my body evaporated .
tr	I	I 'm starting to panic and I feel out-of-control of the situation .
tr	I	I didn 't want to trouble the others with it , and this was my concern .
tr	O	他脸上的淤青已经因茶而痊愈，并且他眼中的冰冷也消失了，只留下我所爱的温暖蜂蜜色。
tr	O	他的眼皮因好笑而下垂，并且他的声音是一种爱抚。
tr	I	I found myself again ... and then I met Liam .
tr	I	After a few seconds , she dropped it back on the table and her hand was ignored .
tr	O	他的政策中有她认可的地方，但是将税收优惠给予捐助者而不是资助教育让她很恼火。
tr	I	The stuffing was strewn everywhere and the sofa bed had been slashed .
tr	O	你对它造成任何损坏，而且警察会追捕你。
tr	O	科林把嘴唇含住一个乳房，并且贝琳达向他弓起身子。
tr	I	She hadn 't been able to drink any for the past four days but all she wanted in that moment was a cold can of Diet Coke .
tr	I	She sat down in my chair and I headed for the stairs .
tr	I	Not anything easily cleared , either , but not exactly canals like in Holland .
tr	O	我们又熬过了一天，并且如果明天一切顺利，我们就会看到这一切的结束。
tr	O	我可以雇人给她安装一个凸窗，但是我不知道接下来该怎么办。
tr	I	Her lips had lost color , and her color was ashen .
tr	I	Her cheeks are all rosy , and they 're a little more hurried .
tr	O	倒不是她打过性爱热线，但是她想象那些接线员会是那种声音。
tr	I	He never lived here with us , but my father bought it for her .
tr	O	微波炉发出了哔哔声，但是她忽略了它。
tr	O	她开始缓慢地摇着头，并且她那宽大而疯狂的眼睛突然闪闪发光。
tr	O	湿度随着每一秒的过去而下降，并且随着空气变干燥，一股寒意充满了空气，水分被某种看不见的力量抽干了。
tr	I	He also needed me because mining the Internet gold was still a mystery to these guys but he could smell me a mile away .
tr	O	它们是通往她灵魂的苍白窗户，并且我直视着它，没有任何阻碍。
tr	O	我讨厌我不得不感激杰克，但是我很高兴他及时赶到了。
tr	O	她什么也没说，但是当我低头看她时，她那棕色的眼睛正在恳求怜悯。
tr	O	我以前考虑过这样做，但是我总是决定反对。
tr	O	丹尼在过来的路上得到了指示，并且我们很容易就找到了皮特的酒吧。
tr	I	His eyes were impassive as he watched her undo the last lace , but the captain had turned during her provocative speech .
tr	O	我知道我一直说我们死了，但是我不再真正那样想了。
tr	O	祝你旅途平安，并且请自重。
tr	O	乌黑的卷发散落在他的额头上，并且她的手指痒痒地想去触碰它们。
tr	O	她确实从罗曼那里学到了很多，并且她也对自己有了很多了解。
tr	O	我睁开眼睛，看到他的头转了过来，仍然离我很近，但是他并没有直起身离开我。
tr	I	He was going to take it down immediately and Well Subject # 78 needed her binder now .
tr	I	He knew better than to waste his breath , but Joseph wanted to tell her to come in .
tr	O	伯恩斯警官就在他们身后，但是我的咆哮吓退了那家伙。
tr	I	Sometimes they were a royal pain in the ass , but he loved his family .
tr	O	他知道让小弟弟独自离开是错的，但是他厌倦了当保姆。
tr	O	接近顶部时，这并不容易，并且随着每一步，窗户似乎离得更远了，这书架到底有多高？
tr	I	They both rose , and she gently pulled .
tr	I	There was no wonderful future and I wanted a wonderful future .
tr	O	有一段时间，妖精们无法再前进，并且他们的尸体在山脊周围堆成了小山。
tr	O	我仍在笑，但是笑声的余波正在消散。
tr	O	我头动得太快了，并且一阵恶心模糊了我的视线。
tr	O	她后退了一步，让我进去，并且当我从她身边擦过时，她注意到了我背上那个鼓鼓囊囊的背包。
tr	O	她不是什么名人，但是她以前也被要求过签名。
tr	O	有些车闯了路口的红灯，并且另一些车则逆行闯入单行道以求逃脱。
tr	I	She put her hand to her chest , and Sarah 's heart slowly calmed .
tr	O	我想要他，并且汤姆知道。
tr	O	德夫林是个输不起的人，并且他只会一直试图把埃洛伊丝追回来。
tr	O	我会很温柔，或者我会很粗暴。
tr	O	她打开了门，并且他毫无疑问地跟了进去。
tr	O	就你现在的情况而言，你周围有一个米白色的外壳，而且它相当褪色了。
tr	I	I was positive I could almost feel some warmth on my bare arms and however it now showed me that the blackness was perhaps becoming less dense .
tr	I	She didn 't seem inclined to talk much , and the waitress , a shifter , was moving in an odd , almost slinking manner .
tr	I	Then at times they would be like the green of the emerald , but she loved making them intensely blue .
tr	O	塔玛尔微微一笑，完全清楚她在做什么，但是他不会允许的。
tr	O	例如，我并不认为告诉米托我们在做什么有什么问题，但是我们不必告诉她所有事情。
tr	I	She looked like she was holding her breath , and her eyes widened , just a bit .
tr	O	她显然没听到剩下的内容，或者她就不会这么平静了。
tr	I	I was trapped against his muscular chest , and he began to thrust upwards into me .
tr	O	只要他们同处一室，她就能感受到露西亚娜目光中的苦涩，而且那种紧张感让她感到不安。
tr	O	我妈妈在她不为自己的生命挣扎的时候，试图向我们表达爱，但是她所有的努力都被我父亲所掩盖。
tr	I	The burning instantly brought Marwan to the ground in pain and he realized it was some kind of acid powder that she had .
tr	I	I didn 't recognize them , but he was with two others .
tr	I	She didn 't want to be obvious about it , but which would in turn reveal what he probably knew was underneath her arms .
tr	I	The temperature in the hive seemed to drop , and the Queen made a quick gesture of her left hand .
tr	O	克莱奥坐在他旁边的沙发上，并且他挪了挪身子。
tr	I	We do have a link in the pen but I 'm not chained to my best friend .
tr	I	I want you to know the truth and I am the leader of my people .
tr	O	我们正要排队进行第一场比赛时，哨声响起并且对方球队叫了暂停。
tr	I	Gabriel was faster , but she grabbed for Lydia 's throat again .
tr	I	Her next words stopped me , but I made to turn around .
tr	I	Her faded away but she surrounded his senses so completely that everything else .
tr	O	采取行动的迅速决定并没有抹去她刚才所见的回忆，但是它让整个情况变得更容易承受。
tr	O	我需要将他所想的与我自己的思想分开，但是同时，我不想这样做。
tr	I	Both knew they would miss their friends greatly but they said little .
tr	O	我们见过几次面，但是我通常只是融入其中。
tr	O	我们的孩子是造物主赐予的丰硕收获，并且他们是我所需的所有财富。
tr	O	我开车经过他时，索耶对我挥手，并且我再次对他竖起了中指。
tr	O	你可以在房子里随意活动，但是你不能邀请任何人进来。
tr	I	His answer never came , but the silence was deafening .
tr	I	At the time it was of little consequence to me , but this will be important later , as you will see .
tr	I	The ones in the clearing seemed to be babies , but we 'd met some warlocks who were truly dangerous .
tr	I	She ordered a glass of chardonnay , and Fiji looked blank during this exchange .
tr	I	Once he 'd arrived he couldn 't seem to find the source , but several days ago , it had drawn him to this place .
tr	I	Her not yet seventeen , and she fancies herself quite a lady .
tr	O	她依偎在我怀里，并且我们坐在那里仿佛过了好久，只是享受着这一刻。
tr	I	There had been no effect and they had tested the argon compound on all parts of the brain .
tr	O	我在虚张声势，但是他不知道。
tr	O	塔米并不特别喜欢比尔，但是她不喜欢她母亲带回家的任何男人。
tr	O	她有梦想，并且她有希望。
tr	O	他们默默地回到办公室，并且电梯充满了紧张，随着数字慢慢爬升到顶楼。
tr	O	当她后退时，他注意到她眼睛下的眼袋，并且他知道她和他一样睡眠不足。
tr	O	树根对于这样一棵小树来说似乎过于庞大，并且她不得不挥舞铲子边缘砍凿。
tr	I	You 've let me take responsibility , and you 've taken out your anger .
tr	I	Candace leaned closer to Bob to listen , and Mike nodded his head .
tr	O	他的身体如此温暖，如此靠近，并且我最后的自制力也融化了。
tr	I	She felt her skin begin to tingle with delight and Micro bubbles tickled her chest as she breathed .
tr	O	那个问题需要一番深刻的自我反省，但是她决心要诚实。
tr	I	Otherwise , we did remarkably well , but we 've burned out the stabilizers .
tr	O	爬上屋顶让它开始了，但是看到布雷克消失至少将其放大了两倍。
tr	I	When he took my hand , I felt his heat even through my gloves , and Emerald briefly shone from his eyes .
tr	I	Switched on the lights and * * * Huxley opened the door to his flat .
tr	O	他现在有了力量，并且他正在使用它。
tr	I	Aiden , after the briefest hesitation , followed , and Louise set off down the slope .
tr	I	He took a moment to straighten up as he stepped back , and he was close to her , too close for personal space .
tr	O	她感觉到达门再次弯下腰，并且玛丽紧咬着嘴唇，因为他的呼吸扇动着她私密处的褶皱。
tr	I	Then I decided against it , but I thought briefly of trying to escape .
tr	O	我今晚回家确实慢悠悠的，但是那是因为天气太好了。
tr	I	I couldn 't focus on them just yet , but some distance beyond I heard townsfolk screaming .
tr	O	门动了，并且他往外窥视。
tr	O	她昨天和我在一起，但是她不应该被列入黑名单。
tr	I	Jasmine turned anxiously toward me the second the door shut , and I forced a pained smile .
tr	I	It would also get Black 's ass thrown into prison , but being outed as a hooker would end my career .
tr	O	那是我第一次听到他承认这一点，并且不由自主的眼泪充满了我的眼睛。
tr	O	雾气笼罩着这片地产，并且道道闪电以断续的节奏照亮了它。
tr	O	彼得从她脸上看到了决心，并且他突然陷入了怀疑。
tr	O	我的身体充满了渴望，并且当他在我大腿间律动时，他感觉如火一般。
tr	O	她对我咧嘴一笑，并且我纳闷自己为什么就不能闭嘴呢。
tr	I	We grabbed our coats and she slapped my butt .
tr	I	The benefits were good , and her starting salary was about what she had been making at her old company .
tr	I	She took it , still mentally reeling and he offered her his arm again .
tr	I	I feel a new sense of determination come over me and picking up the scalpel , my hand is not shaking .
tr	I	Lawrence couldn 't see him , but Albert smirked .
tr	O	我知道他需要我什么，但是现在我所渴望的只有他。
tr	O	很少有人会独自走在这条街上，但是贾克斯也不是普通人。
tr	O	到我第三次尝试时，我确信他关掉了铃声，但是我还是继续尝试。
tr	I	He kept up his watch in their direction , but they had already disappeared through the double doors .
tr	I	I want to smack him and Noah 's dimple winks .
tr	I	She knew to fear him but shrouded in a heavy robe with deep cowl , she could see nothing of him .
tr	I	The shock blacked him out , and he hit the deck on his knees .
tr	O	当他上次见到她时，她瘦了很多，并且她当时也戴着眼镜。
tr	O	救护车抵达了，并且他被以最快的速度送往弗莱明医务室。
tr	O	他的脸绽放成一个大大的、宽广的笑容，并且他感受到海盗所能感受到的最接近喜悦的情绪。
tr	O	音乐再次响起，并且夏娃放下了她的束腰外衣。
tr	I	I guessed she was getting advice from the other detectives around her , and I could hear someone muttering to her .
tr	O	我是来救你脱离辛格的，而且我是告诉汤普金斯船长改变航向的。
tr	I	None of them mattered in that moment , but she had so many questions .
tr	I	David was pretty sure Monroe would know that , but it was all lies .
tr	I	Then , on the screen , an image appeared as the projector whirred , and he snapped off the lights in the room .
tr	I	The Seeker stood and Emerson handed the emerald to her .
tr	I	Then Kevin 's defenseman shoved him on his way by , but they almost made it to their starting spots without incident .
tr	O	我准备好迎接冲击，与我父亲最强大的敌人作战，但是他仅仅停在了离我脸几英寸的地方。
tr	I	Some shit like that , Or when her back 's to us both , I mouth at Noah ?
tr	O	她的头向后仰，并且一道光开始照在她身上。
tr	O	我以为你正在努力修补关系，但是你却和别人在一起？
tr	I	This horny lug was no knight , and well , she was no damsel .
tr	O	我的皮带被割断了，并且我的身体被拖出了货车，小腿刮擦着仪表板。
tr	I	Other thoughts overpowered it , but the fog tickled something in the back of Dan ' r 's mind , as it always did .
tr	I	Still Mason did a quick dental check , but he knew she wasn 't a Vampire .
tr	I	She signs up for a few more appointments and Black hands the papers to Mel .
tr	I	She knew it was well into the day , and even though her eyes were closed , she felt the burn of sunlight on them .
tr	O	他非常想告诉我，但是他知道我会在那件事上和他对抗。
tr	I	That still formed some sort of base , but your idea could be wildly different from the story of the girl with her grandmother .
tr	O	我瞥了一眼木门，但是它仍然关着。
tr	O	当麦克斯停下来喘口气时，他插了一句评论，并且桌子又一次爆发出笑声。
tr	I	She had to admit that she loved being complimented by him and he knew how to make her smile .
tr	I	No one has said what and something is horribly wrong .
tr	O	是的，她生了我，但是她没有出现在我的生活中。
tr	I	It wasn 't doing her any good , but so , she might be getting somewhere .
tr	O	我上三年级，并且我被叫到了办公室。
tr	O	他最终会后悔小看我，并且我总有一天会让他感到骄傲。
tr	I	She could hardly see an alternative , yet she didn 't want to make false promises of staying .
tr	O	我煮着咖啡，并且她在做可丽饼。
tr	O	我撇了撇嘴，并且卡斯点头表示同意。
tr	O	她把飞机开出了视线，并且我不知道她在哪里，直到我听到她的机关枪开火。
tr	O	他的另一只手滑上我的大腿，并且詹姆斯把我的腿抬过他的臀部。
tr	I	I feel like my whole life has crashed down around my shoulders , and I haven 't gotten much sleep lately .
tr	O	蒂米是加布里埃尔竞选市长背后的推动力，而且他确实有犯罪记录。
tr	I	It looked like the boys had gone out somewhere , but it was only ten p.m. at this point .
tr	I	No sign of the muzzle flash , and there was just the one shot .
tr	O	我期待着惊讶、不安，或者别的什么，但是他看到自己创造的一切时，似乎一点也不震惊。
tr	I	I pushed that little bitch up against the wall , but I 'd never hurt a woman .
tr	O	门上传来敲门声，而且我早些时候见到的护士探进了头。
tr	I	She was calling the shots , and this was her ball game .
tr	I	He knew Mary was the only one close enough to have any information , but his father hadn 't found anything out about experiments .
tr	I	Francesca said it would have to be done and it seems a bit of a daunting task to check every single woman .
tr	I	Cups my face with his hands , and he comes over to me until we 're a breadth apart .
tr	I	His eyes open wider and Charlie 's jaw drops slightly .
tr	O	有那么一瞬间我以为他会拒绝我，但是他又笑了。
tr	O	此时无需任何虚伪的谦虚，而且戈达德为此感到非常自豪。
tr	O	她不能，而且她也不会！
tr	O	我的双脚疯狂地寻找支撑，而且我开始恐慌。
tr	O	他无法阻止她，这一点很清楚，但是至少他可以支持她，所以她才能有机会。
tr	I	He couldn 't , but Nick tried to repress an indulgent sigh .
tr	O	我能感觉到她从我身边溜走，但是她的眼睛一直在恳求，所以我答应了。
tr	O	男孩们都开始走回山上，而且我紧随其后。
tr	I	Neither of us seemed to be able to stop it , but I hated that , as did she .
tr	O	她内心的激情被紧紧束缚着，而且西蒙想成为解开它的人。
tr	O	鸟儿在鸣叫，而且太阳刚刚从地平线上升起，当她走进马厩时。
tr	O	我不只害怕要等到下周，但是那也只有在我弄清楚如何击败他之后。
tr	I	The piano player make something beautiful out of nothing and I listened to Reed .
tr	I	Seeing him pour his attention into his own relationship has made things a lot easier , but I love his company .
tr	I	One I don 't like , and it 's an odd feeling .
tr	O	我是一名专家，而且我是一名专业人士。
tr	O	旅行非常方便，但是它也可能很危险。
tr	I	There 's no other way , but I know it 's risky .
tr	I	I take a deep breath but I don 't say nothing .
tr	O	弗兰克翻了个身，并且克莱尔看到了他眼中坚硬的光芒。
tr	O	这些对你来说可能显得相当平淡无奇，但是有些时候我以为自己再也不会费心保持清洁了。
tr	I	She hadn 't been able to bring herself to use it , but she 'd bought an over-the-counter test that boasted almost immediate detection .
tr	O	他的哥哥问了他一些事情，但是他听不见他说什么。
tr	O	一道刺眼的光芒在路上追上她，并且这预示着她的时间已到。
tr	O	报纸飘动着，并且胖查理独自一人。
tr	I	I 'm ignoring it just like everyone else at this point , but I think he 's been blowing it ever since I got sacked .
tr	O	天哪，他多么想，只是想再听到她的声音，但是现在那些信息有了更多的意义。
tr	O	旧工具旁的老式立体声收音机里播放着乡村音乐，并且空气中弥漫着香烟味，因为每个人都一直在抽烟。
tr	I	He had to incline his head to meet her eyes , and he had to speak loudly to be heard .
tr	I	There would be no stopping him , and he was going to kill them .
tr	O	我笑得合不拢嘴，当西蒙和我带着波西走回马厩时。
tr	O	我屏住了呼吸，并且果然，他们都开始对我大喊大叫。
tr	O	她有家务要做，而且其中没有任何一项涉及争吵。
tr	O	他会将你踩在脚下，并且你会乞求怜悯。
tr	I	Stu hadn 't come back with his normal file on her either and there had been no word from the woman .
tr	O	我对比利时一无所知，但是我敢打赌它并非一直这么丑陋。
tr	I	A few of them moved to block his way and as it became clear what his intention was , the Elders shifted .
tr	O	玛丽安的眼睛闪烁着火光，并且突然间整个房间又亮了起来。
tr	I	It would be positively rude to sneak out of camp after her , and it wasn 't proper for one of my standing to eavesdrop .
tr	I	He sat clasping my hands in his , and I let him lead me to the living room couch .
tr	I	He knew he must choose and two doors gaped before him .
tr	O	我张开嘴想说话，但是我找不到词语。
tr	O	她本可以派人去请一些女人来帮忙，但是房间够小，她们两个人就能应付。
tr	O	我倒吸一口气，把剩下的文件夹都掉了，但是我的目光仍旧锁定在那张照片上。
tr	O	在那种情况下，很难显得若无其事，并且当首席摄像师停下来聊天时，我松了一口气。
tr	O	卡伦惊恐地睁大眼睛，跟了上去，但是那个女人以她那个年纪来说，动作快得出奇。
tr	O	他越过她的肩膀看去，并且他的眼睛又一次闪烁起来。
tr	O	“差不多就是那样吧，”我含糊地回答，但是韦伯肯定意识到了自己的错误，因为他尴尬地咳了一声。
tr	I	Having the responsibility to protect your people , and I think it just comes with being the ruler .
tr	O	我们的身体靠在一起，并且他的手立刻逗弄着我外套上的纽扣。
tr	O	这个新声音用一种奇怪的语言歌唱，但是那美妙声音的音色却无法形容！
tr	O	贾科莫面无表情，但是我强迫自己继续说下去。
tr	I	It would stay active until whatever event had brought it to life , was completed , and the bowl never activated for anything less .
tr	I	I jumped in locking it behind and the door instantly unlocked .
tr	O	她已经告诉他那是她的意图，而且马克斯，他就是马克斯，会证实这一点。
tr	I	Heather 's husband had said them , yet it was hard to believe he was hearing those words .
tr	O	我不知道我做了什么，但是我知道什么时候不招人喜欢。
tr	O	消息提示音再次响起，并且贝丝害怕地咬住了下唇。
tr	I	I knew the meaning , but I couldn 't hear the little man 's words .
tr	I	The three of us crashed to the ground , and I threw myself against the dog that held him .
tr	O	袋子还在，并且他被移动时，看着光线透过线缝的变化。
tr	O	距赞德·泰勒去世已有两年了，但是每年八月下旬的夏天，噩梦都会袭来。
tr	I	He wrapped it around me and Victor took one of the soft blankets .
tr	I	We got better quickly , but I knew we were awkward .
tr	O	这需要另一名船员的死亡才能做到，但是她认为最好不要对此说任何话。
tr	O	作为警察局长的女儿有一些好处，但是我也发现有很多陷阱。
tr	O	我真的在努力闭嘴，但是我做不到。
tr	I	A light breeze had picked up , but the air was still warm .
tr	O	她会尽快过来，但是我不知道那会是什么时候。
tr	O	我跑步直到闻到甜柑橘的味道，并且然后我停下来。
tr	I	He couldn 't handle her hands on his hypersensitive erection right now , but she reached for him as he climbed his way up her body .
tr	I	She shook him off with a desperate cry , but Tegan 's hold was firm on her arm .
tr	O	有些东西在他的脑海深处触动着，并且它尖叫着想知道答案。
tr	O	我与他眼神交汇中断，闭眼了一秒，并且就在那时，嗡嗡声消失了。
tr	I	I nodded and nikolas looked to me .
tr	I	I never wanted it to end and this was heaven .
tr	O	我不确定她现在姓什么，但是我相信她一定在附近的一所学校上学。
tr	O	我离开时有人叫我，并且我什么也没说，只是做了一个尴尬的手势。
tr	O	他的胸腔随着一声深叹而扩张，并且他用手擦过他那布满阴影的下巴。
tr	I	His body wouldn 't stop shaking , but finally she pulled away from him .
tr	I	I have to admit I 'm not excellent with it , and I 've done knife throwing with him before , once .
tr	O	我以前听过那个，并且我认为它们在某种程度上意思相同。
tr	I	I wondered if she understood anything and she stared at me for a few long moments .
tr	O	那杯饮料似乎很适合他，并且我也没有其他主意了。
tr	I	You do , but I don 't know why .
tr	O	雷声撼动了古老过山车的木质框架，但是德鲁在列车到达顶峰时挣扎着站了起来。
tr	O	我的睾丸收缩了，并且我知道我到了。
tr	I	The feeling of power pushed her on , but she could almost feel herself panicking for her boldness .
tr	I	It didn 't look big enough to be a body , but there was a deeper blob of darkness down at the far end of the hall .
tr	I	If Liam saw it he said nothing , and the men at his back would not see his fear .
tr	I	She was going to spend a decidedly uncomfortable afternoon or Charlie decided she had best do something about the determined lady .
tr	I	It was something , but again , it wasn 't love .
tr	O	有一天，他的夜梦会成为现实，但是他不会催促乔妮。
tr	O	一阵钝痛压在他的胸口，但是他忽略了它。
tr	I	It seemed strange that Jo would call but she wasn 't sure if Jo was lying .
tr	I	The sun always seemed to be just out in front of the ship upon which he was stationed , and there wasn 't any shade .
tr	I	They were hard as jade , and Nick met his eyes again .
tr	I	He waved his little fists , watching me , and the baby 's blue eyes were wide open .
tr	O	争吵解决不了任何问题，并且也帮不了凯西什么。
tr	I	I wasn 't , but funny , I thought I was already in survival mode .
tr	O	纳什眯起眼睛看着我，并且他的嘴角向上弯起。
tr	O	我曾和露丝去过无数画廊，但是我们待在黑山学院期间，她内心有什么东西被唤醒了。
tr	O	蠕虫把它编织得整整齐齐，但是他的敌人把他挂得太高了，以至于没人能注意到。
tr	I	I doubt they even hear you come in and they 're probably in Marcus ' bedroom anyway .
tr	O	他这次很幸运，但是他的运气会用完的。
tr	I	I pinch myself , and I catch myself staring at his ass as he walks .
tr	I	What choice did she have , but she felt uncertain about this ?
tr	I	I knew that I was finally where I had always belonged and my eyes drifted closed just as his lips brushed across mine .
tr	I	Furious curiosity strummed at her mind , and she thought again of the empty jars .
tr	I	I suddenly feel cornered , and there are five of them .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , giving myself a minute to absorb everything and Emotion locked up my throat .
tr	I	She ended up almost tripping over , and it was ridiculous , since neither of us can dance .
tr	O	音乐再次响起，并且孩子们开始跳舞，手臂挥舞，身体摇摆。
tr	I	I won 't have you saying you are and you 're not like him anymore !
tr	I	Investors stopped holding the U.S. government debt , and real estate prices remained in free fall .
tr	O	她的头猛地抬起，并且她目瞪口呆地看着他脸上困惑的表情。
tr	O	我扑向他想阻止他，并且我高估了我的新能力。
tr	I	He doesn 't press her about it , but there 's a look in her eye .
tr	O	我穿着一件运动衫，并且卫衣帽拉过头顶。
tr	O	我不知道查宁有什么特别之处，但是他身上某些特质让我停顿了一下。
tr	I	There was really no getting around it at this point , but she hated the way he spoke to her .
tr	O	她是他所希望的一切，并且他不想让她走。
tr	I	This time , he would bet it was real , and her somber air returned .
tr	O	珍妮芙的脸颊红红的，并且她无精打采。
tr	O	他对她很好，并且他从不打女人。
tr	I	He now appreciated being part of a large group , but Nathan always considered himself more of a loner .
tr	I	None of them liked me , and I felt as if a bunch of people were watching me .
tr	O	今年年底前，你的心将停止跳动，而且你的血将变冷。
tr	I	She dreaded more what might happen if she didn 't , but she dreaded coming back .
tr	I	I followed Claudia as she checked out the room for our newest friend , and we squeezed past the students milling around the doors .
tr	O	老鼠们花了一点时间重新集结，而且他接着就能听到它们在他身后了。
tr	O	那是源自他喉咙的原始低吼，而且母狮似乎恐惧地对此做出反应。
tr	O	尼古拉斯和她待过一段时间，而且她将很难搞定。
tr	O	他不确定她是否会进来，但是如果她进来了，他想做好准备。
tr	I	The sobbing died away and a few moments passed .
tr	I	They both glanced over to the right and a cry of frustration interrupted their conversation .
tr	I	Kissing her stupid from the sounds of it and grabbing our cousin .
tr	O	它的枪托击中志贺的脸，发出了像坚果裂开的声音，并且她瘫倒了，掀翻了锅，煤炭散落一地。
tr	I	I 'd survive it , but this summer might be boring .
tr	O	我被纸割伤了，而且它瞬间止住了我内心的悸动。
tr	O	他不在我身边，但是我知道他和我在一起。
tr	I	I didn 't dare to look back to see how close Ash was , and the rest of us scrambled after him .
tr	I	The ecosystem they had set into motion was completely different than Terra 's , but they succeeded .
tr	I	She clutched him hard , and her breath grew ragged .
tr	I	He held some tender spot in his heart for her , as well , and surely she hadn 't misread him .
tr	O	更多轻声细语，并且接下来我什么也听不到了。
tr	O	这个想法很甜蜜，但是它对我产生了一些我不太明白的事情。
tr	O	她口袋里的水晶散发出刺骨的寒意，并且她的耳环灼烧着。
tr	O	朱利叶斯也可以，并且他发出了一声恶毒的笑。
tr	I	Slung his arm around my waist and walking over to him , I untucked his hand .
tr	I	He stopped trying to reach for the speaker button , and Chance 's eyes squeezed shut .
tr	I	I stay perfectly still , not sure what to do and he starts leaning closer to me .
tr	I	Her heart plummeted sickeningly , and Alex was horribly certain he was right .
tr	O	我已经完成了我的胡迪尼式脱身，但是我并不打算留下来等待掌声。
tr	I	Any kind of combat training is strictly off the table , but my grandma encourages us to find outlets for our hunger .
tr	I	I sort of felt that we were two of a kind and the other rabbits stayed away from him .
tr	O	我们走近大楼时我移开了视线，并且他为我把门开着。
tr	O	她尖叫的思绪告诉她这会让她戛然而止，但是她不知道还能去哪里。
tr	I	He couldn 't stand and Luther 's feet were numb .
tr	I	Hated to acknowledge now and holding her with a pity that she 'd never seen before .
tr	O	他抓住了我的手，并将它们按在我头部的两侧，再次将他的臀部压向我。
tr	I	The world darkened around me but I tried to say something .
tr	O	十分钟后，午餐铃响了，并且我在混乱的眩晕中走向我的储物柜。
tr	O	她的婚礼几天后就要举行了，并且她感到非常恐惧。
tr	I	This dog thought she was a princess , but on another dog , it might have been ugly .
tr	I	She returned holding a stack of Polaroid photos , but Julia assumed it was to check on Mr. Landry again .
tr	I	She didn 't believe him for a minute , but Stefan claimed he didn 't know why Andrei had returned to the Fortress .
tr	I	All his books pointed to the fact Amber did die young , but Giles would have liked to offer reassurance .
tr	O	他想鼓励她，但是当他看着她痛苦的表演时，他知道沉默是最好的。
tr	O	她的衬衫后背因卫队刚刚打完的战斗而湿透了，但是我一点也不介意。
tr	I	I looked at Katie , and Evan asked us .
tr	I	It didn 't stop the jealousy that sprang up out of nowhere , but being aware of the truth made it awkward to talk about Mark .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop his hands from moving underneath Asha 's soft , white cotton top , but Simon Brown tried to control himself .
tr	I	She leans in and soft footfalls approach .
tr	I	Maxie shook himself dry and they picked themselves up .
tr	I	The pain is more than I thought possible , and I drive my fingers in .
tr	I	Watching Voss , breathless from the expression on his face , she pulled some away , and Angelica felt the smooth leaves beneath her fingers .
tr	O	他依偎着我的脖子，并且我抚摸着他的头顶。
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她脸上的血色全部褪去了。
tr	O	露娜不知道是哪个神给了她第二次机会，但是这么快就抛弃这份礼物将会是一种耻辱。
tr	O	我对她的思念超乎我的想象，并且诺亚的到来只会让情况更糟。
tr	I	She wanted to include God in their fledgling romance and Hank could be a second chance at love .
tr	O	没有镜子能表明有带单向窗户的密室，并且也没有任何摄像头。
tr	I	I saw his upper lip twitch slightly , and his voice was cold .
tr	I	Her friend , Marie , wouldn 't stop talking , but jess hated to be that person in line with a cell phone stuck to her ear .
tr	O	她在纳什维尔一家知名律师事务所担任合伙人，事业相当成功，但是我们的友谊实际上是关于音乐的。
tr	O	毕竟，他们将是彼此的“第一次”，并且他们两人似乎都明白这个时刻有多么特殊。
tr	O	他回头看着我，并且仅仅他的目光就令人感到安慰。
tr	O	像克里昂一世皇帝一样，他三十二岁了，但是他身高只有1.73米。
tr	O	他知道她在搞什么鬼，在玩一场争高下的终局游戏，并且至少，他决心要说出最后一句话。
tr	O	他把它放低，以便她能更好地接触到，并且她在他的耳后抓痒。
tr	I	The fact that James does too only confirms that they were close , and he loved it here .
tr	O	复仇只会随着时间而成熟，并且达蒙发怒时确实很难控制。
tr	I	Her dad had spoken truth about the abundance of wild food along the trail , but Echo hadn 't brought much food along .
tr	O	我一直以为再也见不到这些东西了，并且它们就在这里，从垃圾场那无法言喻的恐怖中被拯救了出来。
tr	I	She couldn 't just sit there any longer but she didn 't really want any more coffee .
tr	I	He found himself flying through the air and lights seemed to explode within the knight 's head .
tr	O	有个男人在黑暗中向我们偷偷靠近，并且你指望我知道他是谁？
tr	I	The melody that used to play every night had stopped since they found the carousel , and it was quiet .
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，并且我抵住了一双坚硬如石的肩膀。
tr	O	50美元很不错，但是她有一种不安的感觉。
tr	I	We knew it and we were both helpless .
tr	I	What I saw horrified me , and I peered into the gloom below the hotel .
tr	I	Walter sighed , and Calliope remained silent .
tr	O	莱恩加快了脚步，并且我努力模仿他。
tr	O	他停了下来，并且我能听到伊森在背景里的声音。
tr	I	I turn to it , and one page is dog-eared .
tr	O	她问道，并且当他的皱眉加深，好像他要说不的时候，她给了他一个恳求的眼神。
tr	O	他相信她会回来，并且他的问题会得到解答。
tr	I	She could at last draw in a deep breath , and instantly she was surrounded by his warm strength .
tr	I	Therefore , only ever read the greats and my father was not a great reader .
tr	O	我的兄弟们长大后，他们开始模仿我爸爸的行为，而且他们有时会对我说话刻薄、伤人。
tr	I	I was barely aware of it and Chapter 19 Time moved on .
tr	O	她的蓝眼睛比她打招呼时更友善，并且我从她们眼中感受到一丝顽皮。
tr	I	He couldn 't believe it , yet a part of Matthew knew where this was heading .
tr	I	He began to work on that , and I turned my back to him .
tr	O	他脊背发凉，并且珍妮会心地笑了。
tr	I	He puts his head down before slinking along the lockers and as he moves , his eyes drop to the floor .
tr	O	门开了，并且安德鲁和加百列踱步进来。
tr	I	I shivered and we stayed snuggling in the massive tub , until the water cooled too much for me .
tr	O	通常，我的袖子会遮住它，但是西娜的嘲笑鸟服装设计方式，袖子刚好停在肘部上方。
tr	O	有些树枝因我的体重而吱嘎作响，但是什么也没断。
tr	O	吉尔必须到这里来，并且她无法独自完成。
tr	I	I can 't stop thinking about them and I know what 's under your shirt .
tr	O	Finan扑向了他兄弟的袭击者，并且他们一起滚出了视线。
tr	I	I signaled for the line behind us to follow , and Henry took the lead .
tr	I	His eyes seemed to glow and his nostrils flared .
tr	I	I shouldn 't have to worry about any setbacks , and from what she tells me everything is going fine .
tr	I	Peter glanced up at them over the top of the car , and one of the troopers cleared his throat a bit too forcefully .
tr	I	A woman screams , and the lights flicker .
tr	I	I did notice something strange , but the room was still empty .
tr	I	Something was , but Adele was not sure what was different .
tr	I	Someone fell out of it with a tinkling sound , and he removed his hat .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , but that should 've been enough .
tr	O	你需要，天使，而且我提供。
tr	O	她的所有射击都不完美，但是追赶的暴徒人数仍然开始减少。
tr	I	Their year apart hadn 't changed her , and they 'd been married for five years .
tr	O	我是安吉尔·曼库索，而且我是老板。
tr	I	Yellow ammonia pooled around it , and this time it cracked .
tr	I	I know he feels the same and I love him with all my heart .
tr	I	Her eyes were closed , but she was still again .
tr	O	艾比把我的袖子拉向她，而且我们三个女孩挤在一起。
tr	O	她给路德打了电话，而且没有人接听。
tr	I	She realized where joking had turned serious immediately and the room grew silent .
tr	O	他正在计划一些事情，而且这涉及到凯登的死亡。
tr	O	他张开她的双腿，而且她随即尖叫起来，他袭击她的阴蒂，将那个小核吸入口中。
tr	O	她的脉搏加速了，并且她的胸口收紧了。
tr	I	You two are so different , but you two resemble each other .
tr	I	Then he kicked off his fallen jeans , and Darren stepped on the heels of his shoes , freeing his feet .
tr	I	You could even feel them above-ground , and the trains made the platforms vibrate .
tr	I	I wanted to make sure that Noah got his as well and I had gotten my fairytale ending .
tr	O	我留意着是否有更多的蜘蛛，但是它们似乎已经不见了。
tr	O	她迅速环顾四周，仿佛预料到某种攻击，并且然后她的目光最终固定在马克斯暴怒的表情上。
tr	I	None of the vampires accepted the invitation to address the fallen General , but the Princes opened the questioning to the floor .
tr	O	他又笑了，并且那双棕色的眼睛似乎要将我完全吞噬。
tr	I	Something broke inside JC , and silence stretched between them .
tr	I	The mark was still there , but I didn 't know what was supposed to happen .
tr	O	这一天也正向他们所有人走来，并且一旦你自由了，你就不会回头了。
tr	I	He sighed again and I breathed out in relief .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around me , and I leaned back into him .
tr	I	You bought a condo for $ 200,000 and it 'd be different if I could get you $ 325,000 for your house .
tr	I	He came home to England and eventually my parents persuaded them to let him go .
tr	I	The animal wasn 't prepared to go quietly , but Cole took the bear down with a growl .
tr	O	她会得到很好的照顾，并且一旦她回到家，她就会是安全的。
tr	O	工作人员集合完毕，并且任务计划也已制定。
tr	O	她问了，并且弯腰把它捡了起来。
tr	O	他最初参加竞选有个人原因，并且那些原因现在似乎不再那么紧迫了。
tr	O	他本无意对丽贝卡施加那么多压力，但是那种殉道者般的做派却惹恼了他。
tr	I	Becky pulled the wagon to a halt and a train whistle sounded .
tr	O	每隔几个月就会召开一次会议讨论社区事务，并且尽管桑迪对此知之甚少，但他还是打算去。
tr	I	At least they knew how to bake , but Raquel 's parents had let her down a lot .
tr	I	Then he smiled at her in a reassuring way , but at first Tasha was concerned .
tr	O	凯尔，不过，看起来有些不舒服，并且她知道他有理由那样。
tr	I	The laugh fades slowly into a smile that lingers , and she laughs again .
tr	O	他的声音从我们头顶掠过，不知怎的被放大了，并且我确信整个树屋里的所有精灵都能听到他说话。
tr	O	教授没事，并且那是个意外。
tr	I	The entire class laughed , and he raised his eyebrows .
tr	I	She squeezes my hand tightly and my fingers slip around hers .
tr	O	她有一个完美的直鼻，并且她的嘴唇丰满，颜色如同草莓。
tr	O	他把里本礁捐赠给了我们，并且它已经成为一种稳定的收入来源，因为我们定期出租它。
tr	O	他将她紧抱在胸前，并且丽娜听到他的心跳得和她自己的一样狂野。
tr	O	这个想法似乎给了老人一些安慰，但是安德拉对这些可能性似乎一点都不感兴趣。
tr	I	Cort stepped into view , dressed in a short singlet , and the voice came from the far end of the corridor .
tr	I	I never had the obsession of suicide and Chapter 29 I myself spent nine years in an insane asylum .
tr	O	他的脸因沮丧而扭曲，并且他怒视着她。
tr	O	没有再发生自然灾害，并且圣海伦斯火山似乎已经平静下来了。
tr	O	这是一个令人烦恼的问题，但是答案出奇地简单。
tr	I	I 'll expect your call soon , but I 'll leave .
tr	I	He nodded , but I couldn 't quite hear what she said .
tr	I	It was cool for a few hours , gradually increasing in warmth as the noon hours approached , and the sun rose as morning arrived .
tr	I	She could see the future , and she hadn 't aged a day in several hundred years .
tr	I	None of them had even come close to making him feel like Fiona did , but he 'd been attracted to a few girls in high school .
tr	I	Yes , I do have someplace to go but it 's absolutely none of your business .
tr	O	他们齐刷刷地转身离开，并且事情就此结束。
tr	O	他们有四个人，并且他们包围了她的房子。
tr	O	他曾多次在船上见过火炮发射，但是他没有完全记清它是如何操作的。
tr	O	他努力想笑，但是那笑容很勉强。
tr	O	他的整个该死的身体都在燃烧，而且他似乎无法抵抗。
tr	O	艾达大约六个月前开始了这个时尚博客，而且她经营得相当成功。
tr	I	She couldn 't help holding on as he used his mouth against her core and her hands were in his hair .
tr	O	我的奈非天血液现在应该已经治愈了我，但是那伤口依然很新，泛着蓝光。
tr	I	Footsteps walked down the hall and the front door banged shut .
tr	O	她不是以游客的身份在那里，然而她也远非当地人。
tr	O	他的手滑过我的背，将我拉得更紧，并且他继续抱着我，直到雨声变为轻柔的淅沥。
tr	I	It explained why she was shaking so much , but Janie had been too scared to notice .
tr	I	Half of these guys have barely begun to shave and the girls can 't be out of their teens .
tr	I	The Chance brothers wanted a repeat of the event , and interest in the Last Chance paints had increased exponentially .
tr	O	她在飞出来之前已经多次研究过他的档案，而且她知道如果情况变得糟糕，他是可以信赖的。
tr	O	女王持续尖叫，而且数千只螳螂战士正在行动，聚集在她周围。
tr	O	我知道你已经尽力学习了所有能学到的东西，但是这里所施展的魔法是你仍然不明白的。
tr	O	杰斯往后退了一步，并且杰登走近了一些。
tr	O	帕特里克对她皱了皱眉，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	I	They 're looking for me , and they 're looking for Juliette .
tr	I	Cupping her face in his hands , Gaius peered deep into her wide eyes , but her lips parted to scream .
tr	O	好的，我差点擦撞到另一辆车，但是对于我第一次开车而言，我做得相当不错。
tr	I	He knew it was not safe out there , but he missed the world beyond the graveyard gates .
tr	I	She barely noticed , but her head pounded .
tr	I	I let that go , but at first , I was almost impatient .
tr	O	马特·贝克把达娜匆匆送进一辆等候的豪华轿车，并且他们便疾驰而去。
tr	O	我很确定他吸毒了，并且我知道他带着枪。
tr	O	她茫然地回望着他，并且他感到胸口又紧绷起来。
tr	O	她抓住了我的手臂，并且我退缩了一下。
tr	O	这是她的婚礼日，并且她不愿被催促。
tr	I	It made Azalea laugh and she made the universal ' my lips are sealed ' sign .
tr	O	任何被发现有此行为的员工将被立即解雇，并且所有收入将被没收。
tr	I	If I kept trying , I might drive myself insane in the process , and there was no escaping it .
tr	O	我稍微弯曲了膝盖，并且当我跳起时，我把我们弹射向屋顶。
tr	I	It is patently absurd yet not one person has ever challenged me on it .
tr	I	At least he could move , but he 'd be covered in bruises for days .
tr	O	这听起来荒谬地简单，但是如果他认真审视真相，那才是其核心。
tr	I	Turning saw two figures descending the path , and he heard a door slam behind him .
tr	O	其他学生从未不友善，然而她似乎总是站在人群的边缘。
tr	O	他的嘴巴动了，但是他用另一种语言说话。
tr	O	他们全副武装，并且他们准备好了。
tr	O	他快速穿好衣服，并且然后就强奸案致电他的警察局消息来源，在上班路上心里构思着自己的故事。
tr	I	Beside him , in a high chair , was my brother Dorian and across from me was my father .
tr	O	电梯颠簸着停了下来，并且马吕斯拉开了沉重的门。
tr	O	我清楚地知道我是什么，并且即使我不想接受我的未来，我至少可以接受我的现实。
tr	I	My father was French and my mother was Cherokee .
tr	O	这里避风情况好了一些，但是更重要的是，周围有更多的人。
tr	I	She pointed to the bear and her smile was instant .
tr	O	北极星在中央，但是黑矮星只是笑了笑。
tr	I	When he meets my gaze , I can see his sadness deepen and he shrugs .
tr	O	他温暖的手环住我的腰，并且他把我拉得更近。
tr	O	阳光透过深蓝色的窗帘艰难地照射进来，并且房间呈现出一种阴沉的色调。
tr	O	她问道，并且莉迪亚点了点头。
tr	I	Waited , and watched .
tr	I	Rachel 's thin clothing helped her not at all , and the shed did little to ward off the bitter cold of winter .
tr	O	让·皮埃尔递给她另一杯香槟，并且她一饮而尽，把它还给了他。
tr	I	Mostly , her parents wanted to calm her down , and she wasn 't making any sense .
tr	I	She too had come a long way from the girl she had been but I know it should be surprising that Maria would be at my wedding .
tr	O	他她在双手下滑时倒吸一口气，并且她大声笑了出来。
tr	I	Her dark hair tumbled down her back in a loose braid , and she was wearing a long flowing dress that looked like an Indian sari .
tr	I	I turned to face her with a weak smile , and we got into the car in silence .
tr	O	他对女性毫无尊重可言，并且他刚刚向我露出了他的真面目。
tr	O	朱迪交出了钥匙，并且查理走向了电梯。
tr	I	Airplanes fell on it like flies on shit and the boat lurched out into the freezing current .
tr	O	他从办公桌后站起来，并且在他这样做的时候，他的一只膝盖发出如此响亮的爆裂声，我差点躲起来。
tr	O	是尤里的眼神消散了卡勒姆的脾气，并且一旦他放松下来，索尼娅就依偎在他身上放松了。
tr	I	A television crew came bursting in the office and while I briefly explained to them what had happened , the door flew open .
tr	I	She didn 't pick up , but he dialed Vicki 's cell as soon as he walked out of the bar .
tr	I	Damien grabbed my arm , and I took a step toward the forest .
tr	O	再走几码，并且我们就能看到堡垒了。
tr	I	The sound of their footsteps followed , and Sera shouted his name from behind .
tr	O	她对公寓有着嫉妒，并且她嫉妒得很厉害。
tr	O	我们之间的一切都是真实的，不是我的凭空想象，并且现在，他非常真实。
tr	I	Being in a spotlight was extraordinarily uncomfortable , and she was a woman of the shadows .
tr	I	She looked up with a grudging sigh , and the sounds of their conversation finally appeared to break through the receptionist 's carefully maintained shield of indifference .
tr	I	The door opened and the knob turned again .
tr	O	这不是一个问题，但是我感到有必要回应。
tr	O	几声敲门之后，并且我们便自行进去了。
tr	I	It made her look that much scarier , and it was a very human posture .
tr	I	They heard the voices of more guests arriving , and Clare looked around the small , crowded room .
tr	O	我的喉咙不可能发出声音，或者至少在周围的咆哮声中无法听见。
tr	O	她了解我的习惯，但是我也了解她的。
tr	I	Her teeth sank deep , and her will dissolved .
tr	O	杜克完美的眉毛垂了下来，并且我被他肯定修眉的想法分散了注意力。
tr	I	We 've seen their technology , but we all shared a compelling vision .
tr	O	他一只手已经拿着空杯，并且另一只手正伸向路过服务员手中的另一个杯子。
tr	I	I don 't want to talk about the rest but I 'm sorry .
tr	I	The many rehearsals in his head helped him greatly , but his moves were less confident with his eyes closed .
tr	O	詹姆斯在勒克斯撞倒他前一刹那把我推开了，并且他们两人重重地摔在了地上。
tr	O	西耶娜回应了，并且我笑了。
tr	I	She didn 't say so , but Jasmine believed the exact opposite .
tr	O	米莉森特从房间对面听着，但是她同时也在对托尼·吉布斯讲话。
tr	O	冷风从空调吹到我脸上，并且我欢迎它，因为克里斯托弗把门开大了让我进去。
tr	I	Rehearsal , where you learned the most , was not to be missed , but he believed you could catch up with everything else .
tr	I	The players jogged into the dugout , and the umpire called the out .
tr	O	我上方的天花板嘎吱作响，并且我知道科莱特醒了。
tr	O	斯凯知道她想谈谈达科他，但是这感觉不是合适的时机。
tr	I	He felt large and I was tight .
tr	O	她离索姆斯医生只有两米远，但是墙上没有任何可以抓握的东西。
tr	O	到目前为止，蔡斯什么都没说，并且我希望它能一直那样下去。
tr	I	Sure enough , the stairwell is beyond it , and I find the second door on the right .
tr	I	It did - but considering everything else going on for me , high school social life shouldn 't scare me .
tr	O	斯蒂芬妮·韦策尔住在他的街区，并且她带他回了家。
tr	I	I had to put my hand over my mouth to stop myself from gagging on the foul fumes , and the smells were getting worse .
tr	O	枪以三发连射的方式射击以减少后坐力，并且妮娜对此心存感激。
tr	I	His body tensed beautifully , every muscle contracting and he swallowed unevenly .
tr	I	I rubbed at my eyes for a moment before answering , and my tears had made everything blurry .
tr	O	他怀疑他们永远不会知道真正的答案，并且当下他们有一个更重要的问题。
tr	I	Had always wanted a chauffeur which was a position my father filled unbeknownst to him and our mother was not really the driving type .
tr	O	他开始微笑了，并且哈特放松了下来。
tr	I	I know how she thinks , and we 've fought together before .
tr	O	他要求那份文件，并且我把它递给了他。
tr	O	玛雅很害怕，真的吓坏了，但是她必须这么做。
tr	O	我在那一刻得到一个启示，一个我没预料到，并且我不确定是否准备好接受的启示。
tr	O	他问道，知道自己的声音在提高，但是无法住嘴。
tr	I	She fed him her breasts for a long time , and her hands caught his head to hold him there .
tr	O	我花了数百万年，但是你，你真是个耻辱！
tr	I	Visibility was nearly unlimited , and it was a clear , sunny day , a calm sea .
tr	O	他已经喝了大约一半的啤酒，这时门开了，并且查德·蒂蒙斯医生走了进来。
tr	I	I guessed his weight at about 185 pounds , and he was about six feet two inches tall , well built .
tr	O	我的身体能力比大多数人强得多，但是那对我来说也是太高的一个跳跃。
tr	O	那是一种奇怪的呻吟声，但是它在呼救。
tr	O	洛基没有回答，并且也许他听不见我。
tr	I	He remained concerned about Hale 's private talk with the traitor , but not unusual for the four captains to discuss things without him .
tr	I	It still seemed strange to me , but Diana said it was a hurricane .
tr	O	迈尔还活着，并且马利克折磨了他？
tr	O	我挑逗她舌尖，并且它也轻轻地和我的调情。
tr	I	I knew that was the problem and I hadn 't eaten yet .
tr	I	It wasn 't the same , but we 'd seen each other at work .
tr	I	For a moment , it was like she was watching something I couldn 't see , and her eyes widened a little .
tr	O	小兵知道他的任务目标，并且出于安全目的，该电子邮件地址在那一端会已被禁用。
tr	I	Thorne Abbey suddenly loomed into view , and the car rattled over a stone bridge .
tr	I	She went on and he waited patiently .
tr	I	First they had to bleed to achieve it , but she believed that war would bring them glory .
tr	O	所有的灯又都灭了，并且一片漆黑。
tr	O	我张开嘴，但是珍妮尔又问了什么。
tr	O	她看着他的胸膛，渴望他完全贴近她的肌肤，但是却找不到那些小纽扣来完成这个任务。
tr	O	又有一些小精灵在这里忙着自己的职责，在她经过时稍作停顿向她鞠躬，但是她没有理会他们。
tr	O	我正在为她编织一个咒语，但是她正在把我拖下水。
tr	I	Before Tammie knows it , they are in his bedroom , and he kisses her on her neck , then her lips .
tr	O	我被邀请加入他们，但是我找了个借口说船上需要我。
tr	I	After the events of this day it irritated me but normally such things wouldn 't bother me .
tr	I	It looked to me like Jacob had it even easier than I did , but Charlie was not a hard person to live with .
tr	I	The sneaky bastard anticipated my move , but Ethan was distracted , so I rushed him .
tr	I	He jerked his head around to stare at the HC and Garde 's eyes went hard .
tr	O	我给了她一个摆脱困境的机会，并且如果她接受的话我完全能理解。
tr	I	I would hate to see that happen to you , but I know you don 't know me that well .
tr	I	His brain turned into a static wasteland , and his limbs beat a maniacal rhythm on the table surface .
tr	O	他现在别无选择，只能袒露心声。
tr	I	Next time don 't push , but you need to know how to do the whole mind meld thing .
tr	I	He logged on and it fired up .
tr	I	It looked to be a large one , and she remarked to Neela she 'd heard nothing of the planning for this event .
tr	O	他确实没有真正了解麦凯，但是很难把他当作只是离开了。
tr	I	I went in the house and she stepped aside .
tr	O	脚步声响起，并且我睁开了眼睛，已经带着期待的笑容。
tr	O	一年前她让我看的一部，并且我也爱上了它。
tr	O	一只苍白的手飞过空中，但是那不是高个男人的手。
tr	I	That 's how brutal the scene was , but Ralph 's a tough guy .
tr	I	A pit began to form in my stomach and I glanced over at him .
tr	O	她已经梦想过这一刻很多次了，而且她已经想好如果它到来该如何应对。
tr	I	I wondered what I 'd said that was so wrong , and the gryphon screeched his agreement .
tr	O	她的目光扫过他身后的显示器，并且他关掉了它，将该说的话留在他们两人之间。
tr	O	我之前以为她去那里的频率可能比仅仅在我们开会时要多，但是她告诉我我错了。
tr	I	They would pull through , but they had been assaulted .
tr	I	He turned himself on her and her tears only served to enrage him further .
tr	I	Then he turned back toward Ari , releasing her body only to grab her hand , but Rafe sent an irritated look his best friend 's way .
tr	O	我原本以为我可以直接把包裹交给你，但是如果你亲自接收会更好。
tr	O	我向前迈了一步，但是他轻轻地把我推了回去。
tr	O	哦，她和巴克在一起会很自在，但是那不是问题所在。
tr	O	我仍然不能说任何话而不被他们听到，但是我至少可以不看起来像个白痴一样盯着空间发呆。
tr	O	迪伊笑了，但是那笑容有些不对劲。
tr	O	与费思断绝关系是他成年生活中最大的失误之一，而且他为此付出了日复一日的代价。
tr	I	Ainsley looked at him in surprise , and the word burst out of Cameron .
tr	O	现在她可以猜到这段对话的走向了，而且我们可以休战了。
tr	I	I guess it was the desperate need for a leader that led the group to look to me , but I 'm really not that brilliant .
tr	I	She made some slow moves towards the stairs and she counted to three .
tr	I	The two brothers headed off to offer what comfort they could to the grieving couple , and the men shook hands .
tr	I	They all cheered again and one warrior yelled .
tr	O	门关着，而且从这一侧没有明显的打开方式。
tr	I	The orchestra started up , and the lights dimmed .
tr	I	I wasn 't surprised to be hauled up moments later , but I started to crawl away only because I didn 't want to die without trying .
tr	I	She stared into the fire , and her eyes flew open .
tr	O	瑞安耸了耸肩，好像没什么大不了的，但是我能看出来他很高兴。
tr	I	A tear trickled down her cheek and Susan nodded again .
tr	O	我们没有发现任何恶魔，而且希望开始萌生。
tr	O	她身后有三个入侵者，而且我跟在他们后面。
tr	I	I looked down and a soft groan rumbled in his throat .
tr	I	We have fought together , as one nation , and this autumn we have faced a mighty enemy .
tr	I	Mr. Skeeter jumped in with his soothing voice , and Tension sparked .
tr	I	I couldn 't get all the way up to the park entrance , but so I walked out State Street .
tr	I	Every time I caught a glimpse of him I started to panic , and I needed to be focused .
tr	O	她没有碰他，但是她留在他身边。
tr	O	我听到电子嗡嗡声，并且大门开了。
tr	O	那些催眠般的绿眼睛，让她胃一沉，心跳加速。
tr	I	I would be left with an attachment that meant nothing ... And this would fade .
tr	O	沙粒在我的指尖旁感觉凉爽，并且我迅速地挖着。
tr	O	现在她得到的大多是三等和四等的货色。
tr	O	他天真地问，但是我有一种感觉，错误的答案会让我收到一份妈妈不会让我拒绝的邀请。
tr	O	它们是她将向法庭展示的面孔，并且她想选择一个合适的。
tr	I	Maybe that had just been the storm , but the scent of unbridled energy was everywhere .
tr	I	Her breathing was labored , and the circles under eyes looked like bruises .
tr	I	The two shook , signaling their mutual agreement to terms , and Hawk took it .
tr	I	To have so many at once is bizarre , and True anomalies are rare .
tr	O	我在井底摸索着找箱子，但是那里只有一片虚无。
tr	I	She loved him , and he loved her .
tr	O	班拿起他的背包，并且把它甩到肩上。
tr	O	邓肯已经同意担任安东尼奥的伴郎，并且他穿着燕尾服看起来很帅气。
tr	I	I remembered seeing her earlier , and I remembered who Mookie was .
tr	I	Not lacking in desire , but the kiss was innocent .
tr	I	I blinked back sudden tears and my arms fel to my sides .
tr	O	紧张气氛慢慢缓解了，并且薇芙似乎放松了下来。
tr	I	I knew how deceiving looks could be , but he was beaming in the photo , giving him a proud , pleasant appearance .
tr	O	朱利安回想起对塞巴斯蒂安的新鲜记忆，并且他的假设得到了证实。
tr	O	女人们渴望他，并且男人们尊敬他。
tr	I	He served the spaghetti casserole and she handed it to him .
tr	O	她的嘴巴猛地闭上了，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	O	是的，那是在昨天，但是我感觉让你们都放一天假对你们有好处。
tr	I	She wasn 't there but he scanned the bedroom .
tr	O	一箱又一箱的盒子摆放在长桌上，并且埃莉诺开始耐心地查看它们。
tr	O	她重复了它说过的话，并且马特意识到他已经开始出汗了。
tr	I	The image of her with Vane was way too much but Nick might have been to blame for most of this mess .
tr	I	He was gone , but without answering her , I looked around .
tr	O	我像往常一样打开了门，并且门在我身后像往常一样关上了。
tr	O	拉斯说，并且接着他转得如此之快，以至于他闪亮的金色披风飞向了空中。
tr	I	A constant , invariable hiss comes from the speakers , and the static on the screen fills the room with a sickly blue light .
tr	O	我厉声问道，并且她眨了眨眼。
tr	O	我现在全都明白了，并且你将永远和我们在一起，活着，被爱着，成为我们所有人的一部分。
tr	I	The baby wasn 't wholly formed yet , but Corinne could only benefit from the blood .
tr	I	Breathing is getting difficult and I have no strength left .
tr	I	He 'd never thought she 'd doubt their relationship , but she 'd told him all about how she 'd overreacted when Callie came into the picture .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop shivering with cold and the temperature in the room dropped significantly .
tr	O	我没有在找你，但是接着你出现了，抱怨着你买的笔记本电脑。
tr	O	他的眼睛变得深沉，并且他看起来好像准备要吞噬她。
tr	I	I can 't pull from his true-life nightmare , but I don 't want to see the rest .
tr	I	We all had our own sleeping accommodations and our flight would be forty-eight hours .
tr	I	I never got the chance to ask and I didn 't know which was stronger .
tr	I	Thankfully , they headed the opposite direction from me at a brisk pace , and I quickly moved out of their line of vision .
tr	O	克莱尔起身去试图安慰他，但是亚历克把手放在她的手臂上阻止了她。
tr	I	She 'd wanted to comfort him , and she 'd actually felt his pain .
tr	O	我以前从未见过贵族，并且莱昂斯确实改变了我对他们的最初判断。
tr	O	塔里克可能赢了，但是他受了重伤。
tr	I	He jerked his head slightly to let me know I was free to pass , and his flickered briefly as he recognized me .
tr	O	他们互相憎恨，但是他们都知道你是共同的敌人。
tr	O	是达妮卡，并且她还活着。
tr	I	There were no lights on in the neighbors ' house , but the fence rattled so loudly that Clary glanced around nervously .
tr	I	She gave herself up to the support of the hands crushing her arms , and faced with this earnest plea , the rigidity drained from her shoulders .
tr	O	训练开始前我大约有一个小时，并且我实在无法再等了。
tr	I	She blinked , and the text message blurred .
tr	I	I realize I 'm being pushed farther away from the group and it 's not happening .
tr	O	接待员问我是否需要帮助，并且我告诉她我是来找艾勒里的。
tr	I	All I could see were his eyes , and his face was very close to mine .
tr	O	巨大的柱子排列在墙壁两侧，高约八十英尺直达天花板，并且地板上铺满了灰色石板。
tr	O	你可能没有注意到，但是我们注意到了。
tr	I	The change in her temperament would frighten me , and there were occasions when she would drink herself drunk .
tr	O	拥抱她会更好，但是此刻这是不可能的。
tr	I	Altair stood , and ' Mon Dieu , ' sighed the guard , as he died .
tr	O	这令人不安，但是这是真的。
tr	O	我当时非常想告诉他我爱他，但是话语卡在喉咙里说不出来。
tr	I	We made small talk and I invited her into the room with me .
tr	I	Your broker comes away from it with a big , fat envelope , but he doesn 't want to get any closer to get a good look .
tr	O	世界转得太快了，而且我无法站稳。
tr	I	I didn 't want to give him a reason gas me , and the MP seemed jumpy .
tr	I	She 'd nursed that hurt for years and he 'd hurt her in the past .
tr	I	It 's close enough , but it 's not exactly a park .
tr	I	The look on her face said it was too late for that , but her hands were bloody as if she 'd tried to stop the wound .
tr	O	天色渐晚，并且丹尼尔感到无聊。
tr	O	你有六周时间来学习它，并且我们会尽一切可能提供帮助。
tr	O	他非常惊讶地看到我，并且我未经邀请就走进了他的小屋。
tr	O	她倒吸了一口气，并且我知道她在想什么。
tr	O	凌晨四点，并且我抬头看着特里斯坦，把设备塞回了我的口袋。
tr	I	He was counting on that fact to keep himself alive , and now I realized that Lucas had understood , too .
tr	O	他猛力挺入，并且她被他的温暖充满。
tr	I	He didn 't want them falling into the hands of strangers who could put them to ill-conceived purposes and none of his inventions were patented .
tr	O	我咆哮着，并且他的目光不情愿地回到了我身上。
tr	I	She ducked next to the sink , and something flashed by the kitchen window .
tr	I	I didn 't care but we kind of looked like the devil with heavenly host groupies .
tr	O	她很可爱，而且她的热情很有感染力。
tr	O	柯比喊道，仍在喘息着笑，但是他们已经转过身不理他了。
tr	O	窗户中间被凿了个洞，并且窗玻璃散落在地板上闪闪发光。
tr	O	出租车径直驶入，并且我们在司机意识到警察正牵着马之前关上了门。
tr	O	他试图控制住，但是云团不停地猛击着他。
tr	O	他能详细阐述每个超自然派系的每一个细节，并且这也不会有任何区别。
tr	O	门是虚掩着的，但是我没有意识到他已经发现了我。
tr	O	莱克西点了点头，但是当她看到绿色足球场上摆放的成排折叠椅时，她感到胃里翻江倒海。
tr	O	这是很普通的内容，但是它在纸上显得很平淡，没有透露她真实性格的任何线索。
tr	O	他的父母问他怎么了，并且他要求他们把他带离那个怪物。
tr	O	一辆巴士驶入视野，并且沙娜立刻警觉起来。
tr	O	他的复仇完成了，并且他邪恶的灵魂也得到了满足。
tr	I	Gretchen noticed that he 'd lost his authoritative pose , and fifteen minutes later , Detective Albright entered the room .
tr	I	Then I spotted a flash of white hair , and a flickering candelabra sat on a wooden table .
tr	I	Her head was spinning , but she tried to make out anything in the dark .
tr	I	At least I 'm alive , but I may be a runaway .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do to stop it and her world was being shaken upside down .
tr	I	I took a step back , shocked , and a rush of calm washed over me .
tr	I	I clicked to enlarge the photo and the face at the end caught my eye .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure who he was , but I knew that I recognized his voice .
tr	I	It came out a breathless moan , but she 'd meant it as a reprimand .
tr	O	她几乎没在余光中看到他，但是他却充满了她的感官。
tr	I	Only her fingerprints would 've been in it , and her car was hidden across the road .
tr	I	The hills are green -- ain 't gon na burn and it 's been raining .
tr	I	A bigger part was running toward Rhys , but part of me was running from Mase .
tr	I	He despised them and it was a slap in his face .
tr	O	保持清醒在智力上具有优势，但是到了某个地步，其他人都变得如此愚蠢，简直令人厌烦。
tr	O	晚上会变得非常冷，并且天气正在变化。
tr	O	我也见过她的儿子，并且他很棒。
tr	O	我不再躲藏了，并且我准备好面对世界了。
tr	I	I caught her hidden message , and she waited expectantly .
tr	O	离开芬威区时交通有点混乱，但是他们俩谁也不急着让夜晚结束。
tr	O	杰西打了几次电话，但是主要目的是为了让我能和雅各布说话。
tr	O	我被他们撞倒了，并且我从地上看着那场打斗。
tr	I	We stopped for a Starbuck 's and I picked him up about nine .
tr	O	提到罗宾时，他的眼睛闪烁着恶作剧的光芒，并且他露出坏笑。
tr	I	That would only last so long , but currently , they 'd be blind .
tr	I	I still had to ask , but the seriousness in her eyes told me all I needed to know .
tr	I	He was violently aroused , totally at her mercy and she had him in her power .
tr	I	She couldn 't make herself stop , but she hated it when she cried .
tr	I	I didn 't have a comeback , but I opened my mouth .
tr	O	当她离开时，她所有的态度都消散了，并且她想知道到底发生了什么。
tr	I	His voice was light-hearted and his eyes were warm .
tr	I	The fire covered everything for as far as we could see and the forest on the far side was completely engulfed in smoke .
tr	O	那个避孕套并没有衬托出他，但是光是那个景象就让她感到渴望。
tr	O	当它落回地面时，地面在他们脚下隆隆作响，但是它并没有减缓其攻击。
tr	I	I brace myself , and his c * ck is so hard that it actually hurts to have it shoved against me like that .
tr	O	公文包不见了，并且他们正走向一辆旧蓝色两厢车的后面。
tr	O	我渴望感叹号，但是我却淹没在省略号中。
tr	O	他抬头看，并且他的眼睛闪了一下。
tr	I	There may be some tide pools exposed , and we seem to be nearing low tide .
tr	O	她拉了拉他的手，但是他没有放手。
tr	I	I with them , and they could be honest with me .
tr	O	他需要我，并且我的一部分渴望那种感觉。
tr	O	他用审视的目光看着我，并且我也尽力回视他。
tr	O	你将保留你作为女神的职责，而且你将保留在议会中的席位。
tr	I	He felt a little dizzy and his mouth tingled .
tr	O	他知道路，但是那已经是很久以前的事了。
tr	O	她的金色发丝垂落在她完美的脸庞周围，并且我凝视着她迷蒙的绿色双眼。
tr	I	They soon had a plan which seemed to them most amusing , and goblins are not afraid of fire .
tr	O	当我的法律顾问建议发布禁制令时，我置之不理，并且她随后释放了海怪……她嗜血的粉丝军团。
tr	I	She replied with a guttural growl , and I pulled the cage door open .
tr	I	When his tongue grazes my lower lip , my entire body responds , and Harlin rests his hand on the back of my neck .
tr	O	我看向内特，想知道他听到这个消息的反应，但是他保持着扑克脸，没有流露出任何情绪。
tr	I	He had the motivation , and he had the know-how .
tr	O	这将比我在再教育中所投入的时间更持久，而且现在我可以直视人们的眼睛了。
tr	O	他试过互联网，但是那并没有奏效。
tr	O	你退出这笔交易，而且他就可以控告你。
tr	O	她喜欢它，也许是太喜欢了，但是她不希望他停止。
tr	O	没有人会知道，而且我会让客户为拥有他们而付钱给你。
tr	O	她闭上了眼睛，并且他能感受到她的痛苦。
tr	I	Henrietta turned to see that the pedestrian light was finally flashing green , and there was a beeping from behind her .
tr	I	He was supposed to be there for people who needed him , and she couldn 't even bring herself to talk to the sheriff .
tr	I	The massacre continues , but she begs for the director to stop .
tr	I	A strange figure rose into view from behind the battlements , and the tower shook .
tr	I	It was slower now , as if she was too weary to handle more , but he could feel her drawing more power from him .
tr	O	狼人已经在他周围设防，并且警卫们在外围边界上。
tr	O	米娅的脸涨红了，而且她的眼睛仍然有些失焦。
tr	I	The Senior Wrangler tried to get under the same table and there was a crash as the Chair of Indefinite Studies .
tr	I	You 'll be fine and keep things strictly superficial .
tr	O	他的肩膀绷紧了，并且他转过头瞪着她。
tr	I	He knew it was useless , but he broke into a run .
tr	O	他的手肘旁放着一瓶威士忌，而且旁边的杯子是半空的。
tr	O	你找了个外人来刺杀你自己的姨妈，并且你还允许他玷污你的徽章。
tr	I	His sneer told them as much , and he turned to Lassiter 's sailors .
tr	I	That would be it and I thought she 'd see me with Ric .
tr	I	Varying ages , seemingly starting around eight years , followed by the local official and Next came a line of kids of both sexes .
tr	O	我现在感觉很强大，但是当我触碰那种力量时会发生什么？
tr	I	You don 't need to think about being serious , and you 're sixteen .
tr	I	She had iron gray hair , and she was in her sixties .
tr	I	Most of the class snickered , and someone said in the back .
tr	I	His hair wanted cutting , and his clothes looked crumpled , as if he had slept in them .
tr	I	It felt like he was walking on concrete road , but he thought his feet would slip .
tr	O	她以为她看到一丝敬意掠过他刚毅的脸庞，但是她无法确定。
tr	I	Emilie was excited at the opportunity to visit her friend , and Reginald had been forced to make an appearance at court .
tr	O	我在扮演那个顽童，并且那个顽童不会笑。
tr	O	我回到了刑讯室，但是我太迟了。
tr	I	I had a feeling that we were about to have a battle of wills and his brows were furrowed together .
tr	O	眼泪立刻掉了下来，并且她把脸转过去，这样他就看不见了。
tr	O	我努力跟上她，但是我的小短腿不够快。
tr	O	中心外壳分离了，然而里面什么都没有。
tr	I	My eyes darted up to his face and Blake 's voice changed .
tr	O	麦肯齐脸上的表情告诉朱厄尔，那个女人可能真的做了那件事，但是朱厄尔知道得越少越好。
tr	I	My mind responds , contemplating the scenarios to occur and Kylie explains .
tr	O	她的双腿收紧环住我的腰，并且她抓住我的下背部，一把将我抱起。
tr	I	She felt his concern for her , and he frowned as he spoke .
tr	I	I haven 't seen them since and I hadn 't seen them before .
tr	I	Together they tucked the baby into Melody 's patchwork one and Bay carefully pulled away the hospital blanket .
tr	O	我的手刺痛，并且我的思绪混乱。
tr	I	I drew his blood and while Mom was on the phone , I pretended to be a nurse .
tr	I	I 'm sure that I can 't just keep moving , but I don 't know if it 'll make me happy .
tr	O	我毕业了，并且大陆航空雇用了我。
tr	O	他环顾四周，并且我变得非常害怕，因为我确信他是在找他的那面镜子。
tr	I	I know what I want , who I want , but I feel horrible for making him feel like this .
tr	O	格蕾丝已经不再相信了，并且这是一件好事，因为她再也没有收到他的消息。
tr	O	你和随便什么人把自己锁起来，并且她把自己束缚在我身上。
tr	O	他下巴上的一块肌肉抽搐了一下，但是他依然保持着愉快。
tr	O	声音击中了他，并且我立刻看到了。
tr	I	A matching men 's pair of them came into view and I was still staring at them as the door opened .
tr	I	I felt my spine give way , destroyed , as it bashed against the trunk , and he threw me into a tree .
tr	O	她的目光锁定在天空，随着她周围的寒冷加剧，并且云朵开始形成形状。
tr	O	我的头晕眩着，并且话语不经思考地脱口而出。
tr	I	Things were a bit too spooky for me at the Sierra , but I 'm not superstitious .
tr	I	He 's good at it , and he does PR , mostly black PR against any of the governor 's enemies .
tr	O	也许飞机的引擎声音传不到山谷，或者它已经改变了飞行路径。
tr	I	I can already feel the extreme temperatures outside and there is an opening in the Locust 4 .
tr	I	He had only one chance to tap into the lucrative U.S. market for textile machinery , and he was mortgaged up to his neck .
tr	O	只需肖恩的脸抽动一下，并且莉娜就对其他人吼道，让他们离他远点。
tr	I	He still had to squint whenever he glanced that way but they had pulled down half of the blinds to reduce the glare .
tr	O	他的舌尖滑过她的双唇，并且她在最轻微的接触下呻吟起来。
tr	I	I 'd been pretty chunky at eighteen when I climbed on that Greyhound bus , but I still needed to lose a few pounds .
tr	I	It 's a sight to see and I look around the kitchen .
tr	I	Four of them are dead and in my dream I hear that many of our men are injured .
tr	O	他没有转身，但是我看到他摇头，就像男人觉得女人完全荒谬得无法形容时那样。
tr	I	I laughed punching playfully at him and his eyes bugged at me .
tr	I	I thought I 'd have a quick drink , and she came in while I was waiting .
tr	O	第六章 肾上腺素消退了，并且我打瞌睡了，睡完了下午剩下的时间。
tr	O	我把门开了一道缝，并且他一心想闯进来。
tr	O	她的一部分想问瑞秋是如何获得这笔现金的，但是她的另一部分觉得不知道更好。
tr	O	她叹了口气，把钥匙插进了门里，但是门把手已经很容易就转动了。
tr	O	时代广场的光芒照向空中，甚至在它真正开始前几个街区就已如此，并且我沉重地走进了光亮中。
tr	I	They were in the company of a man that he had never seen before , and Ali saw his father was with them .
tr	O	有一家路边咖啡馆，并且凯特停了下来。
tr	I	Worse , they said , and those Shifters could kill livestock .
tr	O	我感到一阵突如其来、意想不到的情绪涌动，但是我老实说不确定自己感受到了什么。
tr	I	The details had not faded from his memory , but they had become less frequent .
tr	O	黛莉亚开始打开车门，但是他抓住了她的手，阻止了她的动作。
tr	O	我想修复它，但是我知道我不能。
tr	I	He used his hands to pull her into the movement , and his c * ck rubbed its hard length over her sex .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她的舌头从她丰润的嘴唇间探了出来。
tr	O	我不知道她想确定什么，但是似曾相识的感觉却很超现实。
tr	I	My heart about stopped , and she blew out her candle .
tr	I	The stars blurred upon her tears , mixing with the lights of the city below , and she could only weep .
tr	I	The lad was a man , and a decade had gone by .
tr	O	我是他的缪斯，并且我在这里。
tr	O	兔子在狐狸的利爪下总是尖叫，但是什么时候有另一只兔子冲上去救它呢？
tr	O	她现在是朱庇特的女朋友，但是她首先是艾瑞亚的朋友。
tr	O	这本书大约用了四分之三，并且最后一条记录是两个月前的。
tr	O	阳光照射不到这个深邃的地方，并且墙壁上的石头发出微弱的光，使房间大部分区域处于阴影中。
tr	I	Through those stars I noticed Vincent 's eyes burned with an unnatural light , but I saw stars .
tr	O	我很高兴见到拉米雷斯，并且我特别高兴他将和我们一起巡逻。
tr	I	I knew I 'd have to deal with my parents before I could even think about actually going to sleep , and my head was pounding .
tr	O	如果马奇在这里，他会帮我稳住我，但是希特缺乏他的灵能，这意味着我只能靠自己了。
tr	I	He noticed it felt like a piece of paper was inside the cover and he ran his finger over the slit .
tr	O	那是一个极其寒冷的夜晚，但是萨拉的皮肤上从未感到一丝鸡皮疙瘩。
tr	O	他花了一小会儿时间，但是他终于在黑暗中找到了他们的家。
tr	I	He was wearing it to honor his ' father ' and one being that it was given to him by Lord Aeros .
tr	I	A layer of sadness laced with tension , filled the room , and the other women in the room seemed to remember that dreaded word as well .
tr	O	我想要尖叫，但是我不能失控。
tr	O	他的公寓看起来像个样板房，并且她胃里的紧张感越来越强烈。
tr	O	我们明天还有一次超声波检查，并且对此感到恐惧。
tr	I	I longed to feel him again , and he broke away from my embrace .
tr	I	He sank to the steps , and the sight of it breaking into pieces sobered him .
tr	I	He stopped me , but I tried to move away from Aaron .
tr	O	事情太多了，而且他却被困在这该死的椅子上。
tr	O	他没有接受挑战，并且我也不想穿过一条黑暗、杂乱的小巷去追赶。
tr	O	办公室的门开了，并且沃森走进了房间。
tr	I	He fell to his side , and the chair 's legs buckled .
tr	O	他的手指在她膝盖上弯曲，并且他的阴茎在她手中跳动。
tr	I	I have often wished I could die , and he has made my life a misery .
tr	O	我不希望你太用力，但是，我需要知道。
tr	O	我绕过下一个弯道，并且突然间，熟悉的标志映入眼帘。
tr	I	I stood silent , clutching to Andrew for dear life , but her mocking tone infuriated me .
tr	I	Simon caught her cry with his lips , and Helen broke over the melting point a second time .
tr	I	The grief that came with it was unmistakeable , but the scene played out in my head , probably pictured all wrong .
tr	I	You help each other so readily and I actually like it here , more , because you 're all so focused on one enemy .
tr	I	It was his own fault , but a shame he was dead .
tr	O	我有租房保险，但是要那样做吗？
tr	O	舞蹈结束了，但是他们没有离开舞池。
tr	O	我猜我的脸可能很狼狈，但是我还没有真正看过它。
tr	I	I realize that she categorized everything and finding her book , I flip through the recipes , my fingers glide over her elegant writing .
tr	I	The almost plastic looking exterior she sported didn 't help , but I couldn 't think of anything specific that would give me that feeling .
tr	O	他的手在我冰冷的皮肤上很烫，并且即使感觉很好，但这一切也都是错的。
tr	I	I moved , and he lunged .
tr	O	我低头看，并且我的心跳停了。
tr	I	I was there for her when her ex broke hers , and she was there for me when Jason broke my heart .
tr	I	Rory felt a strand of warmth weave up her arm , and Hope took her hand again .
tr	O	我受他的密宗咒语控制，而且它每秒都在加剧。
tr	I	He held back , but her lips were parted , making his mouth water for a kiss .
tr	O	围着桌子，头都低着，并且父亲继续说。
tr	I	I pulled him closer to my face and my hands smoothed over his muscular ass .
tr	O	他走了出去，滴着水，并且穿上了一件背面绣着孔雀图案的丝绸睡袍。
tr	O	他带了葡萄酒回家，并且他正在做晚餐吗？
tr	O	那声咯咯笑充满了纵容，而且这是对一种我从未察觉到存在于他们两人之间的奇特羁绊的认可。
tr	O	她把她的手铐钥匙递给了他，并且他解开了她的手铐。
tr	I	She was trying to regain her composure and I 'd left her breathless .
tr	I	I watched her wipe the blood from her face with her arm , and the gash on my palm closed however .
tr	O	他的心沉了下去，并且他的目光落到地板上。
tr	I	Then he nodded , and little blue eyes blinked .
tr	I	The three men stumbled past him , leaving the gates of the fort wide open , and Richard Tyler pointed down the hill .
tr	O	物理治疗师对他的奇迹般康复感到惊叹，并且他对着心理医生撒了弥天大谎。
tr	O	他的蓬乱头发是湿的，并且他戴着飞行员太阳镜。
tr	I	It was definitely a voice , but it was hard to distinguish .
tr	O	香烟有助于掩盖腐烂尸体的气味，并且这些举动帮助他暂时转移了注意力，同时整理了思绪。
tr	O	他的头因疲惫而昏沉，但是他强迫自己保持清醒。
tr	I	She didn 't need this , too , and she had enough crap on her plate .
tr	O	当她拉开门时她几乎在咧嘴笑，但是瞬间她的笑容消失了。
tr	I	I don 't see that changing , unless you don 't feel the same as I do and I like having you here ?
tr	O	她还活着，并且莱瑟姆终于得到了他应得的。
tr	I	As long as they 're secure I 'm happy , but they 'll stick out over the edges .
tr	O	我对律师-客户特权了如指掌，并且我知道他不会对镇上任何人说一句话。
tr	I	He swept her into his arms in a familial hug , and Brynn stepped forward to kiss him on both cheeks in the traditional greeting .
tr	O	他继续前深吸了一口气，并且他眯着眼睛看着安格斯。
tr	O	Delphine 很快，但是他更快。
tr	I	She didn 't want to lead Connie but something was stirring in Grace 's memory .
tr	I	I slammed him against the wall , but he tried to take a step forward .
tr	O	我站在月光下的山顶上，并且我努力不去看这个天堂。
tr	O	我们从不知道她的真实姓名，但是如果再有一次生命我会称她为朋友。
tr	I	He felt goose bumps on his arms that he couldn 't associate with the cold , but Budda wasn 't sure what the man meant .
tr	I	He shot her a relieved grin , and his muscles relaxed .
tr	I	An almost complete darkness greeted her and a hot wind slammed into her .
tr	O	他想成为，但是他不是。
tr	O	她走进房间，并且所有目光都转向了她。
tr	I	Making Tyler feel important would be huge , but the media gain from this would be small without pictures .
tr	O	这一次她在办公室，并且他被接通了。
tr	O	我和母亲的争吵还没有结束，但是我非常肯定她不会介入我们之间。
tr	I	He pulled back again and I gave him a crossed eyed look .
tr	O	我大笑起来，并且他透过他张开的手指偷看我。
tr	O	她的脚开始下沉，并且他的手合拢抓住了她的脚趾，他的拇指按摩着脚弓。
tr	O	她的回答比她之前的声明少了一点冷淡，并且我决定现在是个推进事情的好时机。
tr	O	她做了最后一次挣扎，抓挠着他掐住她喉咙的手、他的前臂，任何东西，但是他甚至没有退缩。
tr	O	我身下的靠垫移得更厉害了，并且我感觉到布莱克的指尖拂开了我的头发。
tr	I	One of them bright yellow and three of them were black .
tr	O	我的肌肉仍然不能很好地做出反应，并且我只能稍微抬高自己一点。
tr	I	I haven 't read them yet , but my attorney saved clippings .
tr	I	There was nothing private about it but the Academy was a private school for mages .
tr	O	他对达维笑了笑，并且他的脸亮了起来。
tr	I	That was all that mattered at the moment and she was here with me .
tr	I	Her fingers were clenched instead of restless and when I opened them she was looking at me .
tr	O	薇瑞蒂脱下派克大衣时感到很冷，而且这种寒冷并非别墅糟糕的供暖系统所致。
tr	O	金妮的探访时间很短，并且她离开时感到非常痛苦。
tr	O	战斗的意志已经从我身上消失，并且我愿意接受我的命运。
tr	O	她来的时候已经准备好与狼人搏斗，并且她知道她需要每一种武器。
tr	I	He was clearly miserable , but I should be angry with him , too .
tr	I	Amber didn 't need to know that , but Sam fell in love with the curse .
tr	O	她的话让我内心的一切都平静下来，并且许多天以来，一丝绝望首次消散了。
tr	O	他的手紧紧锁住奥利维亚，并且他尽可能紧地抱着她。
tr	I	Then neither spoke again , and the two of them looked at each other , more silent messages passing .
tr	I	There was fire in her eyes and she stalked towards him .
tr	O	那给了他一丝希望，但是他还没有愚蠢到去抓住它。
tr	I	I was all about making sure kids were taken care of , and chances were there were young mouths that needed fed involved .
tr	O	我看不懂上面的字，但是我却知道那是一种儿童饮料。
tr	I	There was a mine ride called the Pit in its place , and the old train ride roller coaster was gone .
tr	O	她撞上了达门的结实身体，并且梅丽发现自己正仰视着他。
tr	I	She couldn 't pull her eyes from Luke , but she knew she needed to deal with Lily .
tr	I	I assured him that that wasn 't it , but he worried aloud a few times that I was in pain .
tr	I	She lost all sense of direction and Millicent 's guide turned her round .
tr	I	He needed a mother for his son , and she 'd confessed to wanting to become a mother .
tr	I	Two of the waffles flew off , and I grabbed it , to lower it to the cooker .
tr	O	我想说得更精确些，但是我不能。
tr	I	They could still narrow with the same degree of accusation as they had before , but the turquoise color of his eyes had changed .
tr	I	Much wine had passed their lips and his friends laughed drunkenly , for the night was far gone .
tr	I	I needed to sell my truck and blaire I needed my things .
tr	O	我把它带回给丹尼尔，并且他从我这里拿走了。
tr	O	玛格丽特夫人指出了比武场上的真正危险，但是我对此不予理会。
tr	I	She had to sulk all the same , but he was right , of course .
tr	I	He asked her to join him on Saturday and they talked for an hour about their interests .
tr	O	事情很紧急，并且几分钟内他就和正在快速准备音频的技术人员在一个会议室里。
tr	O	他什么也没给我，并且我以为情况已得到控制。
tr	I	From this crack came the rumbling sounds , and running across the cave was a deep crack .
tr	I	I begin to understand -- and then Grandfather speaks .
tr	I	Nobody was going to get in the way of that , and she was out with the guy she had a crush on .
tr	O	她扫视房间寻找艾米丽，但是她仍然没有看到她。
tr	I	He suited her secret desire perfectly , but the pirate would not be to any father 's taste .
tr	I	The girl confirmed those suspicions , and you were suspicious .
tr	I	Jeff asked the deputy to finish making the rounds , and they entered the office .
tr	O	他实际上已经喜欢上了这个游戏，并且他封闭社区里的球场非常壮观。
tr	O	她第一个看到他们过来，并且她跑过去确保赛奇没事。
tr	I	She could find no trace of him , but Savannah searched her room .
tr	I	There was no way that he was going to change now , after all why should he and he had always liked female company .
tr	O	他时间很少，然而时间似乎变慢了。
tr	I	I couldn 't see either of them , and the two women who raised me were in two totally different worlds .
tr	I	Looking over at the other side of the square , and they were at its foot now .
tr	O	他领我下了几级台阶，来到一个更低的楼层，那里不知为何更暗了，并且尸体也挤得更紧了。
tr	O	舱门猛地打开，并且尤里·布鲁德穿了过去。
tr	O	路易脸色苍白，并且汗水布满了他的额头。
tr	I	Now we 're back in business , but you 've had an easy ride .
tr	O	我盯着马歇尔，他的头埋在沙子里，并且水花溅了起来。
tr	O	这个念头让我咬紧牙关，但是他却是对的。
tr	O	拜伦知道什么时候有人害怕了，并且尽管麦肯齐显然很恼火，她也害怕。
tr	I	She nodded , and her pupils flared briefly .
tr	O	我注意到厨房角落里的柜子是开着的，并且四支步枪都在那里。
tr	I	She 'd had an interesting conversation but she still felt lousy .
tr	O	一名旁观者喊道，并且一阵响亮的欢呼声回应了他。
tr	O	她的头发被盘成某种精致的发型，并且她化了浓妆。
tr	O	他的下一句话离我只有几英寸远，并且那冰冷的呼吸拂过我的脸颊。
tr	I	It was too late , but he covered it with his hand .
tr	O	她叫了，但是那狗似乎没听到。
tr	I	Horace changed partners , and McDougal started laughing .
tr	O	她的眼睛想闭上以抵挡烟雾，但是海雯在看着熊熊大火时强迫它们睁着。
tr	I	She 'd get over it , and everyone told me it was just a cold .
tr	O	我看到黑暗的形状正向密歇根大道移动，但是它们没有停下就消失在了一排建筑后面。
tr	I	We both know you do not want earth destroyed , but you have made bad choices .
tr	O	她会尝试给她的孩子们下命令，但是他们将听不到她。
tr	O	莱恩的语气很轻松，但是弗雷达发现自己感觉非常紧张。
tr	O	自从他搬到隔壁以来，他一直都在惹恼她，而且现在必须停止。
tr	O	他年轻的时候失去了她，并且他从那时起就一直想让她回来。
tr	I	I had enough I could wing it , but they were going to love that I didn 't have all the details .
tr	O	当凯瑟琳移动手指为我的让路时，显示屏又短暂地闪烁了一下，但是我还是能够将图像拉回来。
tr	O	我叫了出来，并且他没有停下来。
tr	I	He couldn 't be sure , but that was what it looked like .
tr	O	他回答了，但是我只听到含糊不清的声音，伴随着点头。
tr	O	他享受着每一分钟，但是如果他不进入她体内，他就会他妈的爆炸。
tr	O	受干扰的区域似乎在缓慢愈合，但是她很确定她可以加速这个过程。
tr	O	他跑上楼梯朝他的房间去，并且我能听到他衣柜的抽屉被拉开的声音。
tr	I	It was useless , as my world went dark , but I struggled to hold on to the here now .
tr	O	他试图故态复萌，但是麦克让他保持诚实。
tr	O	朱莉再次感到恐慌向她袭来，并且她强行将其推开。
tr	I	I don 't , but I should have told him the truth about why I wasn 't feeling well .
tr	O	它们不完全是牧羊小屋的气味，但是它们已经足够接近，足以让她热泪盈眶。
tr	I	Her hand hits her chest and Nancy Callahan 's jaw drops .
tr	O	冰冷的东西缠绕着我虚弱的手腕，并且我又听到了嘎吱作响的声音。
tr	O	赛斯翻了个白眼，但是他转向了我。
tr	O	他的头很疼，并且他突然希望他能多做些计划。
tr	O	玛伦翻了个白眼，但是马丁博士举起了一只手。
tr	I	His chuckle caused me to shudder , and he said .
tr	O	她没有穿泳衣，但是阿比破天荒地不在乎。
tr	I	A few bipeds lay splattered among the rocks further down the slope , and the bowties had all been released .
tr	I	She clung to it and that detail was all she had left .
tr	O	他是一名高中三年级学生，并且我试图关注着他。
tr	O	她只是凑热闹，并且即使看到了日本那闪闪发光的、弹珠机一样的环境，她也感觉不到家的感觉。
tr	O	她避免与我眼神接触，并且我观察着她眼角的皱纹。
tr	O	我只有表兄弟姐妹，并且他们并不亲近。
tr	I	I sure didn 't protect him either , but I didn 't pull the trigger .
tr	O	Henry 曾经做过一次，并且尽管他说他不能再做了，也许他尝试了。
tr	O	村里大多数人偶尔会和陌生人玩些愚蠢的游戏，但是她却不愿费心。
tr	O	我不会，直到有人过来，我向他们招手示意。
tr	O	她一头深金色的头发盘成了发髻，并且她身上没有佩戴一丝一毫的首饰。
tr	I	Then she kicked me in the face , and Nance asked softly .
tr	I	I clutched at Asher 's hand , and men in dark uniforms swarmed the building .
tr	I	Everything is already arranged and it 's a done deal .
tr	O	我试图接近弗林，但是我的去路被一个黑发女人挡住了。
tr	O	保险会赔偿车辆，但是没有什么可以取代他们的孩子。
tr	O	他们叫了救护车，并且她到了这里。
tr	I	Then his breath falters , and he pauses , deliberating .
tr	O	她可能会说那些男人是人间的祸害，但是事实上，她为朱丽叶感到高兴。
tr	O	她的双手交叠在身前，并且她的眼神充满了担忧。
tr	I	He couldn 't without giving himself away , but he 'd wanted to do more than steal from them .
tr	O	前面是紧张的一天购物，并且我们需要打扮得体。
tr	O	你让我免遭那种结局，并且我再次感谢你。
tr	O	木板因受潮而开裂，并且他弯下身去闻晃荡的水。
tr	I	I 'm probably in her way , and her locker 's next to mine .
tr	O	我瞪了她一眼，但是她只是耸了耸肩。
tr	O	他的声音坚定，然而缺乏严厉。
tr	I	I buried my head against her shoulder and my right arm went round her waist .
tr	I	Cain knew what he 'd really been like , but maybe everyone else thought he was a saint .
tr	O	他被从椅子上拉起来站着，并且他的手被绑在身后。
tr	O	他的眼睛如此惊恐以至于让我更加紧张，并且我没想到现在这甚至可能发生。
tr	I	It was the hospital , and my phone rang then .
tr	O	我的肚子大声咕咕叫，并且我脸红了。
tr	I	My Uncle Louis , Louis Beaumont , frequently travels all around the world , but we rarely travel anymore .
tr	O	他伸出手去拿礼物，并且她让他拿走了。
tr	I	She 's toying with her French fries , blushing as red as her bathing suit , and he 's talking earnestly .
tr	I	You get my drift , but okay , so maybe those last few weren 't exactly relevant .
tr	I	It worked , but it hurt .
tr	I	It is low , and only the score appears .
tr	O	汽车滑入城市车流，并且我把头靠在冰冷的玻璃上。
tr	I	She wasn 't taking any chances with humiliating herself further , but her insides hurt , more from the punch than vomiting .
tr	I	When they 'd been at home they both tended to be self-centered , and they 'd been gone more than they 'd been at home .
tr	O	我知道基拉喜欢克里斯蒂安，并且我百分之百支持他们即将到来的关系。
tr	I	He didn 't seem to react , but I gave him a look that expressed how unimpressed I was .
tr	I	It set out toward the exit and it inserted the recorder in pocket .
tr	O	他猛地抽回手，并且我跑向餐厅。
tr	O	他们告诉我，在我的碎裂的肋骨完全愈合之前我会感到疼痛，但是不会有持久的损伤。
tr	I	Only an exhausted sigh emerged but her mother opened her mouth .
tr	O	她一想到就打了个寒颤，但是她又有什么选择呢？
tr	O	您的穿梭机已从我们的设备上消失了，但是我们正在听到您的对话。
tr	O	泰莎呆在原地，震惊不已，并且杰姆留在她身边。
tr	I	You made him doubt himself , and you made Daniel feel stupid .
tr	I	She found she didn 't care as she gave herself over to the emotions running wildly through her , but she was in over her head .
tr	O	她可能不同意我的看法，但是我确实觉得她如果可能的话想帮助我。
tr	I	Stryker had no idea how to do it , and not until the seal of Atlantis was broken .
tr	O	这是错的，并且无论他说什么，这都会困扰她。
tr	I	Benjamin Messick is killed instantly , and three shots ring out in the early morning silence .
tr	O	我又重新读了一遍，但是我不相信。
tr	I	I 'd love to help with the gift section too but I know my portion is supposed to be the cafe .
tr	I	Now I don 't , but I thought I did .
tr	I	I was too embarrassed to ask , but I wondered what it was .
tr	O	他开始笑了，但是萨姆摇了摇头。
tr	O	他相信他的人民，并且他不是一个暴君。
tr	O	她解释说，有一个自然的过程，而且我不会永远为他心痛。
tr	O	我的脉搏加速，并且我笑了。
tr	I	We lay together , his arms around me and he releases me .
tr	O	四月变成了五月，并且五月变成了六月。
tr	O	我以为他叫我的名字，但是他在看一辆车。
tr	O	周围有石墙，并且有一个大型石制主塔。
tr	O	我每呼吸一次，就意味着我沙漏里又有一粒沙子消失了，而且我只剩下几粒了。
tr	I	It was easy to see why - and he had previously called her a mad homeless lady with whom he would have no dealings .
tr	I	The war rolled on , and 1944 rolled in .
tr	I	It wasn 't one of the first booths but Jane kept her eye open for the Village Friends logo .
tr	I	He had no choice , but the last thing in the world he wanted to do right now was talk to Julian True .
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他离开了。
tr	I	Crowds of onlookers watched his arrest and the sirens had disturbed half the staff .
tr	I	It was so pleasant to see a friendly face that Laurence found himself returning the greeting , but cheerfully instead of staying silent .
tr	I	He tensed , waiting for Jack to explode , and Austin heard someone chuckle .
tr	O	是特洛伊·南斯，并且他并不孤单。
tr	O	阳光依然在空中闪耀，但是长长的阴影笼罩了艾森加德：灰色的废墟陷入黑暗。
tr	I	The monster growled out his approval , and her fingernails dug into his scalp .
tr	I	It was a plan nonetheless , but it was a flawed plan .
tr	I	I have to admit that I thought of you recently , but I haven 't heard that name in a long time .
tr	O	我的灵魂开始向上，向上浮升，并且然后我站在床边，看着我自己。
tr	I	That didn 't matter anymore , but I had even thought of names .
tr	O	那些让人心智开阔的特性激增，并且他设想了一个新现象。
tr	I	Lea wouldn 't let it happen , but Hilda , who is the strongest of the group , tried to pry Lea 's hand open .
tr	O	其他人从手推车里拿了一个罐子，并且我把剩下的东西打包放进了汤普森的行李袋。
tr	O	她很兴奋，然而她内心的一部分却感到紧张和不情愿。
tr	I	That 's what my life has turned into and those words sound like a soap opera to me .
tr	I	Larry believed in being thorough but it was not information required by law .
tr	O	我已经有配方了，但是可能还有其他副本。
tr	O	她实际上无法伤害彭妮·里士满，但是她可以执行她的计划。
tr	I	She turned to look up at him , and he put his hands on her shoulders .
tr	I	The images blurred together like some kaleidoscope of memory , and it seemed ages ago .
tr	O	她是我的小妖精，并且她甚至不知道。
tr	I	I used to dream of traveling , but I 've only lived here in the rain forest .
tr	O	他的脸被头顶灯光投下的阴影遮住了，但是科尔顿能感觉到他正在盯着他们。
tr	I	It makes no difference , but I thrash some more .
tr	I	Her feet impelled her forward , as anger sang in her veins , but she didn 't know what she would say .
tr	I	Shown him letters he had sent , and she spoke very highly of Franz .
tr	I	He leaned in to kiss her forehead , and his fingers smoothed away the last of her tears .
tr	I	She shoots him a look and it sticks to her hair .
tr	O	另一个路过学生的影子把我拉回了现实，并且我开始移动。
tr	O	他们要么服从，或者他们就被淘汰了。
tr	I	One of them quickly became like a sister to her , and my sister made good friends as well .
tr	I	She didn 't want to take any chances , but she didn 't know what had just happened .
tr	I	It was extremely rare that he missed judging a person , and he 'd been fooled .
tr	I	He was so far below the heights to which she should aspire , yet he wanted to be the man she desired above all others .
tr	I	I 'm the boy next door , and he 's this sexy rock god .
tr	I	She fought it off , plowing onward , and a tightness rose in her throat .
tr	I	I doubted he 'd give up his shoes , too , but Vlad had loaned me his coat .
tr	I	An older man fidgeted like he wasn 't pleased and some had lines under their eyes .
tr	I	He promised faithfully to visit her at his earliest convenience , but Liz was having a particularly difficult time leaving Sam behind .
tr	O	很快联盟就会达成，并且地球上没有任何力量能抵挡他。
tr	I	I finally got the intel we needed for his stash up here in Baltimore , and a little talk with Hal made sure we were squared up .
tr	I	I could tell he was struggling with the words to say and he did the most he was willing to do .
tr	O	我在海滨别墅遇见了他，并且从那时起我们之间就一直有联系。
tr	O	她不是那种有母性的人，但是她对诺拉心生保护欲，想要减轻她的负担。
tr	I	That 's how it usually was with him , but I couldn 't recall seeing Ren most of the night .
tr	I	When she realized she was being addressed she abruptly looked away , but the Oracle didn 't react for a moment .
tr	I	I hissed as the sting of it flooded my body , and my shoulder hit the edge of one of the bookcases .
tr	I	Soon she was laughing along with them , but at first she watched very closely .
tr	I	She felt her stomach turn to butterflies , and he smiled knowingly .
tr	O	这是他甚至不应该考虑的生意，但是他有自己的声誉要维护。
tr	O	保罗已经两周没见过他了，并且在那段时间里他变得更瘦，也更绝望了。
tr	O	唯一的好处是，我显然是清醒的，而且救我的那个人关心我，会定期来看望我。
tr	I	The real problem was that Roland 's worldview had been shaken , but those were upsetting him .
tr	I	His fingers are wiggling wildly , and his eyes are wide open .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	I	Going in that possibly cursed room now freaked her out , but she needed to get ready for her dinner with Cade .
tr	I	I didn 't think she 'd be this furious , but I knew that she 'd be upset about the bullying .
tr	I	She could tell exactly when his thoughts shifted to other things , and his eyes drifted over her .
tr	O	当我如此愤怒时，去看他们可能不是个好主意，但是我还是决定要去。
tr	I	It still hurt to actually hear him say it , but she had known Royce hadn 't wanted a mate .
tr	I	That night was not one of them , but usually there 's a nice breeze on the beach at night .
tr	I	He 'll be out of business , and if he doesn 't give us our gold , then we won 't bring him any more silver .
tr	I	They had Mom in a room under observation and it was after three in the morning .
tr	I	Now she was dead , and he 'd loved her .
tr	I	I will not have you intruding and there is much left to be resolved between us .
tr	I	The models were really drooping and it wasn 't long until the sun set .
tr	I	I want you to share in my joy and this is one of the happiest days in my life .
tr	O	天上有满月，并且房间里很明亮。
tr	I	The pale green glitter of his eyes dominated his face , drawing her attention , but she tried to concentrate on his nose .
tr	I	Maybe it 's that I really need to get it off my chest or maybe it 's Seth 's bravery .
tr	I	I wrenched my arm away , and someone had hold of me .
tr	I	The bomb squad , all dressed in their special suits , went to examine the backpack and we watched as Rahim was loaded up .
tr	I	A bit reluctantly , but she did .
tr	I	I was sad that we weren 't going to repeat our performance in the shower and my body could still remember the events of last night .
tr	O	改正你的行为，或者我会帮你纠正。
tr	I	It had been a long time since she 'd let him do anything more than simply kiss her goodnight and he just liked touching her .
tr	O	克莱尔跳上副驾驶座时踢开了一个，并且迈克尔锁上了门。
tr	O	两人之前发生过某种会面，并且他想尽力查清一切。
tr	O	她低声说，并且令她尴尬的是，他笑了。
tr	O	他们两人又走到了一起，并且普雷斯顿挥剑劈向空中。
tr	O	我以为他要去洗澡，但是我听到他在和某人说话。
tr	O	找回声音后她大声呼救，但是只有一片死寂作为回应。
tr	I	The terror in her eyes hadn 't lessened one bit , but the blond girl gave me an apologetic look .
tr	O	他咧嘴笑，点点头，并且轻轻一挥手，命令一群弓箭手直接瞄准弗里克的心脏。
tr	I	You can quickly get stranded here and I 'll watch the tide as it 's started to turn .
tr	O	维多利亚点了点头，并且他们回到了教堂山。
tr	I	Roger 's touch is too aggressive , but I try to pretend it 's James .
tr	O	离最后点餐时间还有整整一小时，并且我今晚的小费已经领先了。
tr	O	她试图走开，但是真的没有太多空间可以移动。
tr	O	塞蕾娜面对着他，但是多里安再次看向门，门现在已经封住了。
tr	O	有趣的是，她从未敢梦想过一个孩子，并且现在她想要更多时间来拥有尽可能多的孩子。
tr	O	他听起来很紧张，但是这让他更加可爱。
tr	I	He touched her and Jenny turned around .
tr	O	我不想再看那条街了，但是我的眼睛却不由自主地被它吸引了回去。
tr	I	She was starting to get anxious about getting out of the car and they were four blocks from her apartment .
tr	O	他们能够提供帮助，但是如果你真的不想让他们知道，我就什么也不说。
tr	O	亨利脸上的笑容扩大了，并且他接受了我的吻。
tr	I	She went back to grazing and he laid a hand on the mare 's neck to calm her .
tr	O	凯蒂的肩膀如释重负地垂了下来，并且她鼓励地笑了笑。
tr	I	Her eyes twinkled , and she nodded .
tr	O	唐瞪了她一眼，但是当他看向女儿时，笑容又回到了他的脸上。
tr	O	我用尖锐的语气说，显然伤害了她的感情，但是 我没有理会她受伤的表情。
tr	I	Both of them stole a quick breath , and their lips separated .
tr	I	She squinted , trying to bring her surroundings into focus and her brow furrowed .
tr	O	她身后传来一声悠长而拖沓的喊叫，但是 莎拉没有把视线从那双眼睛上移开。
tr	I	It was time for MIT , and she was a competent pilot with nearly 500 hours to her name .
tr	O	我的肩胛骨发痒，并且 我回头看了一眼。
tr	O	暴政是无法忍受的，但是 它永远不会长久。
tr	O	她感觉到他的意志在动摇并且他脑中的问题开始涌现。
tr	O	里面的人从他们所在的位置看不到恶魔，但是 那个噪音会引来同伴。
tr	I	He 's got centuries of experience , and we 're just kids .
tr	O	他把我追进房间，并且 我尖叫着被他按倒在床上。
tr	I	A girl who couldn 't have been older than thirteen walked barefoot down the path , and the crowd parted .
tr	I	You shouldn 't and you live here !
tr	O	我们再也没有兴盛起来，但是 我们仍然存在。
tr	O	人群齐声惊呼，并且格温维尔从座位上跳了起来，她双手捂住嘴，眼看着兰斯洛特从马鞍上摔了下来。
tr	I	His eyes were confused , but Jack was half smiling .
tr	I	I grab the black tee , tossing it to him , and he gestures toward the chair .
tr	O	最终抽泣声戛然而止，并且她姐姐的声音带着歉意颤抖着。
tr	O	他吻上了她的唇，并且她又一次沦陷了。
tr	O	打斗声突然停止了，并且她迅速地回头看了一眼。
tr	I	He 's always in them , and I have dreams at night , horrible dreams .
tr	O	他湿润的阴茎贴在我臀部之间，并且他的嘴唇贴着我的耳朵。
tr	O	他低语道，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	I 'm afraid I was a disappointment to her and I was never the kind of husband she needed .
tr	I	His smile was warm and David seemed entirely composed .
tr	I	I run a hand through my hair and my body shakes .
tr	I	My eyes open themselves , but I wish to keep sleeping .
tr	I	She could practically see him arching an eyebrow , and he asked .
tr	O	我吸了一口气，但是却卡住了。
tr	O	抛弃30名当地居民的念头并没有让她犹豫，然而她却在一个备受瞩目的节日里救济穷人。
tr	O	Vane 打了个响指，并且弗瑞身上出现了衣服。
tr	O	霍沃思本该亲自领导一个分支，但是他却留在了后面，反而发号施令。
tr	I	I shook my head and she looked at me .
tr	O	我看了费德一眼，但是另一名守卫已经征用了他。
tr	I	A police officer was talking to her landlord , and a police squad car was sitting in front of her house .
tr	I	She leaned into him , and he instantly slid a hand into her lap underneath the table .
tr	O	往后一靠，他的目光与她相遇，并且她很快就注意到了它们背后的严肃。
tr	I	Every pirate ship we came across paid us thousands for our goods and sure , there was plenty to mine .
tr	I	The tension eased from her face , and then a smile twitched at the edges of her mouth .
tr	I	There was a beautiful photograph of a Cathedral , one I did not recognise , and I turned to the page reference .
tr	O	路易莎不肯看他，但是她也没有低下头。
tr	I	He grinned again and I stared at him .
tr	O	我们仍在取胜，但是一些恶魔正在逃脱。
tr	I	You 're not a hooker and he 's a jerk .
tr	I	My body buried itself into him , and Jackson 's hard chest engulfed me .
tr	O	他吸了口气，仿佛要继续，但是他随后停了下来。
tr	I	When he had used his powers , whatever they were , it had not been on purpose , and he hadn 't started the fight .
tr	I	They 're serious and she says she met someone .
tr	O	马特听到了车辆下方砂石被碾碎的声音，但是那在旁边与之并行的乡间小路上是看不到的。
tr	I	There was a definite thread of command in his tone , but it was voiced quietly enough .
tr	O	他们让我在这里工作，并且他们不给我薪水。
tr	O	他走出走廊尽头的浴室，并且一团蒸汽跟着他。
tr	I	She gasped and her lips parted .
tr	O	帐篷打开了，并且人们走了出来。
tr	I	Before he did so , something in the corner of the room caught his eye , but he stepped back quickly .
tr	O	她张开嘴想说些不屑的话，但是在她开口之前，尤金插了进来。
tr	O	我强颜欢笑，迎向她冰冷而精明的蓝眼睛。
tr	I	The unexpected light nearly blinded him , and he passed through the stuff .
tr	O	她审视了他一会儿，并且他避开了她的目光。
tr	I	We always had to break in , and the lock never worked right .
tr	I	Maximus had been unable to reach Marty , but Vlad had ordered my family pulled in .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop staring , but the scar was covered now .
tr	I	I jerked away , ready to fight , and a bear claw reached out for me .
tr	O	我们安排好明天完成项目，并且我回到了我的公寓。
tr	I	The flicker of the movie on the massive screen pulled her attention , and Kate sipped her brew .
tr	I	He didn 't sound like the same guy who 'd just signed off on a new series of cufflinks , but he asked .
tr	I	I could smell the outdoors on his skin , and his hot , moist breath beat against my cheek .
tr	I	His eyes were twinkling , and he was still smiling .
tr	I	The chest fell from his hands to the floor and a sudden gasp from the old man startled her .
tr	O	我就像被牵去宰杀的羔羊，并且我像个傻瓜一样咧着嘴笑。
tr	O	他们转身攻击他，但是这对他们没有好处。
tr	I	She would never be so stupid to take something of mine , but my sister might be on her way out .
tr	O	他的头低着，并且他一只手放在臀部上。
tr	I	Chris was pleased to see a respectable scattering of cars in the parking lot and the drive to the church was a short one .
tr	O	整个东西都覆盖着厚厚的、硬壳状的白色糖霜，并且伊芙在顶部写着我们爱你，长老！
tr	O	毫无疑问，这位瘦小的牧师可以击败他，但是这不意味着乔丹会轻易倒下。
tr	I	Dad came home left me ample time to mull everything over and having the house to myself until he returned from baseball practice .
tr	I	The two separated like two sparring boxers in the ring , and the elevator bell rang .
tr	I	He looked at her and her breathing intensified .
tr	I	She really did have the cookies , and this was a woman who really was like anybody 's grandmother .
tr	O	我的心突然在胸腔里怦怦直跳，并且我能在我耳朵里听到它。
tr	I	Then he swam away , and he said he would retrieve my body when I was dead .
tr	I	I didn 't want to wake her and Braden would be asleep .
tr	O	我停在他们中间，但是J.C.只是哼了一声。
tr	O	我们像解决其他任何问题一样解决这个问题，并且我们找到一个解决方案。
tr	O	富人戴着纸质首饰，并且穷人购买微小的钻石。
tr	I	It wasn 't overwhelming me now either , but the panic didn 't completely fade away , since I was in some pretty serious trouble here .
tr	O	我非常恨他，但是我也爱他。
tr	I	The darkness was starting to seep into the corner of my eyes , and a hand grabbed for my neck , my weapon .
tr	O	这不会发生，并且我已经学会接受这一点。
tr	O	丝克那张尖尖的小脸很警觉，并且他没有表现出任何疲倦的迹象。
tr	O	他检查手指有没有血，但是他的伤口已经停止流血一段时间了。
tr	O	我的脸瞬间发烫，并且我低头看着我的点餐板摇了摇头，试图隐藏我的脸红。
tr	I	He wasn 't frail , but he might be old .
tr	I	I see my reflection in the mirror above my dresser and I sit up to help him slide off his pants .
tr	O	加文对我咧嘴一笑，并且我不得不笑起来。
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to give up on it yet , but he hadn 't made much progress on the project Winkler assigned earlier .
tr	I	Her muscles tensed and her smile faded .
tr	I	The very essence of female temptation , he acknowledged with a bleak sense of loss , and she was also intensely loyal , courageous .
tr	I	I thought about how Addie was worried about me trying this , and a buzz started in my head .
tr	I	It 's just the right temperature and I sip it .
tr	I	That would entail going back upstairs , but I considered getting a light jacket .
tr	O	他朝我伸出手，并且我站起来接受他热情的握手。
tr	O	她是他的，并且他也是她的，每一个神圣的步骤都在他脑海中证实了这一点。
tr	O	他的头猛地转过来，并且他惊讶地看着她。
tr	O	曾几何时，哈特曾尝过那种渴望，她对生命的热情，并且他渴望再次品尝它。
tr	I	He didn 't see he had any other options , but no , he didn 't want to tell him .
tr	O	我认为他已经尽力而为，而且以你名字开设的这个信托账户总得有个去处。
tr	I	He was a total stranger , yet his voice was familiar to her .
tr	O	幸运的是，子弹只是擦破了他的皮肉，但是它留下了一道很深的裂伤。
tr	I	He had been there , but the fake Mr. Moody was nowhere to be found .
tr	I	He walked away and Sean looked at her silently for a moment before his hands flew up in the air .
tr	I	No sound came out , but Jessica opened her mouth .
tr	I	I was the one who felt trapped , yet Jay nudged her way between my thighs .
tr	O	他立刻回答了，并且他耳边的声音开始驱散一些疯狂。
tr	I	There was a bloodthirsty edge to his power that I 'd never felt with Patch , but he was almost as strong as Patch .
tr	I	It is now in a vault and we had his stamp collection appraised .
tr	I	At that moment he didn 't care who saw him , and Relief left him exhausted .
tr	O	这会花他一些时间，但是他决定回到那个村庄，他的房东是那里一个内陆码头的合伙人。
tr	O	他们的嘴唇很僵硬，并且他们的眼睛很大。
tr	I	I will get what I 've come here for and I 've got a lot at stake .
tr	I	She smiled , and I looked .
tr	I	Every motion seemed to work together in perfect harmony , but I had no idea how he was so dexterous .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，但是他没有评论。
tr	O	它可能在被提出时就被遗忘了，但是有人会在它被存档之前发现它。
tr	O	只要我父母都在这里，并且我知道他们不会互相残杀，我就会没事了。
tr	I	It was the last bad grade I 'd ever received , and I 'd gotten one D in science two years ago .
tr	O	珀耳塞福涅有阿多尼斯可以回去，并且她不会永远待在这里。
tr	I	About five years after we were married , Jessica convinced me to go on a couples ' spiritual retreat , but I wasn 't converted right away .
tr	I	Dione stopped her animated reaction and he quickly shook his head once .
tr	I	I crossed my arms , and his ears drooped even more .
tr	O	我们是多年的挚友，并且他知道她对我意味着什么。
tr	O	除了他生命中的第二个挚爱藏身于比这个地洞远不安全的地方，并且他感到非常恐惧。
tr	I	I eventually was looking at him without sobbing and warmth from his hand in mine calmed me .
tr	O	我不想这么说，但是香农自己的母亲把我吓坏了，图书馆员埃德娜也是。
tr	I	When he heard Melanie , he smiled , and his entire demeanour had been previously slumped .
tr	I	I always says no , no I can 't , and they ask if I can see it , too .
tr	O	无论什么把卡特和他的现金带到阿卡迪亚，都无关紧要。
tr	I	She was sure they always notice the things that normal people don 't but she 's becoming unsure how they became her friends .
tr	I	If she 's a bit unruly , Callie could probably help you with the training , but her temperament is also good .
tr	O	这样利用别人听起来可能很冷酷无情，但是我当时处境艰难。
tr	I	When I do , my stomach drops , and James asks me to check the New York Times .
tr	I	He was a systematic lover and this was happening too fast .
tr	I	I appreciated the view of her backside and Savanna led the way .
tr	I	I 'm dizzy and my head hurts .
tr	O	Avalon的说法听起来好像这五个男孩组成了最熟练的侦察队，但是世界上还有其他几支队伍。
tr	O	我不想去，但是我的工作对我来说很重要。
tr	I	He tried , but Evan didn 't have the best rhythm .
tr	I	I laid my head in the crook of his neck and he gathered me close .
tr	O	它是如此平静，但是一块令人烦躁的砂纸磨得她生疼。
tr	I	His warmth radiated over her and he leaned closer .
tr	O	你正在占据我的心，并且我无法阻止。
tr	O	这串代码对她来说就像个谜，而且她不幸地没有一台恩尼格玛机。
tr	I	That was a small trap and he knew they were there .
tr	O	那是令人兴奋的消息，并且我们热切地讨论了它。
tr	I	Then would heal , and he 'd experience the pain of evisceration , which Logan assured him sounded quite unbearable .
tr	I	As I did , she quickly glanced in my direction , and I stood up .
tr	I	We have hope , but he still might not .
tr	O	倒不是说他不值得，但是我对他的情况一无所知。
tr	I	She would tame the square in order to help the woman , but she couldn 't stop the clocks for the whole world .
tr	O	有一阵噼啪作响的声音，而且她向后踉跄着撞到了埃德温身上。
tr	O	凯不知道这样的评估是否仅仅是基于希望，但是她把它记在了心上。
tr	I	The sheikh had welcomed the Americans with open arms , and he had sensed no deception the last time he had gone there .
tr	I	She looked up at him and her breath slowed .
tr	I	She winced , hoping he didn 't hear that and she couldn 't help the thought from popping into her head .
tr	O	她希望新鲜空气会有帮助，但是它没有帮助。
tr	O	她的全身都在颤抖，并且她的手臂不再被动。
tr	I	She could only marvel at this momentarily , but not a single thing had changed in his bedroom .
tr	O	他的声音很低沉，并且他说话很有权威。
tr	I	They tend to get a bit ... overzealous , and they don 't know their own strength .
tr	O	证据室通常是上锁的，并且所有警官都能拿到钥匙。
tr	O	我冲上前扑向马特奥。
tr	I	Me had proved that reality wasn 't as tidy as my parents ' explanations and what had happened between Lucas .
tr	I	He gasped for each breath and his sides cramped like crazy .
tr	O	随着飞机隆隆地冲下跑道，马洛里紧闭双眼，并且杰克用拇指温柔地抚摸她的手腕内侧。
tr	O	睡眠不足并没有缓解我日常的疲惫，但是我就是无法停止思绪。
tr	O	她工作效率不是很高，但是每当卡洛斯在场时，她似乎总能表现出色。
tr	I	Yet , they still use the word orientation to mean aligning something , and everything changed in the way people saw the world .
tr	O	我尽力捂住耳朵，但是我的世界依然没有多少声音。
tr	O	但丁跟着他，并且我看着他们似乎在泳池边起了几句争执。
tr	I	It would be the last , but well , it wouldn 't be the first time he 'd dropped by the Pink Poodle !
tr	O	丹尼尔朝着丽贝卡咧嘴一笑，当门关上并且他转动了锁里的钥匙时。
tr	O	这动作只吸引了英俊男人的目光，并且他的视线捕捉了她无法隐藏的所有魅力。
tr	O	她边走边关闭传感器，但是这似乎无关紧要。
tr	I	I watched as the steam wreathed her face , and instead she brought the cup to her lips .
tr	I	She needed to escape , and she knew she was in big trouble if she stayed in the hallway with Violet .
tr	O	能量不再从维琪身上发出，并且她似乎再次陷入深度昏迷。
tr	O	她的饥饿感冲击着他，并且他知道艾丹也能感受到。
tr	I	Blood dripped down his body in several places , and his face was flushed .
tr	I	I led the three of us in , and it turned without effort .
tr	I	They wave back and I wave at them .
tr	O	他把手捂住耳朵，但是产品却从他的鼻子里爬了上来。
tr	I	He hadn 't tried to stop him and he 'd known Micah was taking Wren .
tr	O	太阳烤晒着我们，随着白昼接近尾声，而且我们在这炎热的天气里已经走了相当远的距离。
tr	O	她的脸白了，并且她低下了头。
tr	O	左边是客厅，并且我们正前方是厨房。
tr	O	玛雅·安吉洛·艾略特握住了我的手，并且我的全身颤抖起来。
tr	O	他的语气近乎自满，但是莱西如此松了一口气，她就没有点穿他。
tr	I	Alejo felt bad for him , and Stalin sighed , glumly .
tr	I	I could tell Ellery was nervous as she was biting her bottom lip , and we arrived at the hospital .
tr	I	They would soon die , but he could survive alone .
tr	I	I rolled up in my blankets , facing him , and he bedded down a small distance away , just out of arm 's reach .
tr	I	She didn 't go far , but Nik watched her stand up once he had the letter .
tr	O	我是他的人类仆人，但是我们努力不让媒体知道这件事。
tr	O	说过的话无法收回了，并且那些话正是贾里德绝对不想听到的。
tr	I	Most of the forces withdrew , including Thibault 's company , and a decision was made to abandon the operation .
tr	O	我听到她走近了，但是她仍然让我感到惊讶。
tr	O	他以为几年前就把它弄丢了，但是它现在就在这里，冒出了头。
tr	I	As soon as they scattered to do his bidding , I knew he would turn to me , and I waited until he 'd finished speaking .
tr	O	她的声音很随意，但是我感觉到这是一个圈套。
tr	I	I had a dozen different windows open on my computer screen as I searched for answers , and the panic was back .
tr	O	她跟着医生出去签署入院表格，并且自打那场争吵之后我第一次独自一人。
tr	I	She could make out a faint glow from somewhere inside , and the driver 's side window was rolled down a crack .
tr	I	I couldn 't help looking at the room Abbi was dancing for , but he began to explain about the councilman wanting more perks at the club .
tr	I	Now I needed to ensure that I survived whatever his master plan really was , and none of it was real .
tr	I	She didn 't sense anything bad rolling off him either , but she didn 't know him .
tr	I	I shuddered in revulsion and Blood coagulated from where his nose used to be .
tr	I	We landed before he did , but I assumed it was Xander .
tr	O	她的心在胸腔里怦怦直跳，呼吸急促，并且她不想向她的姐姐解释什么。
tr	I	Apparently Brady wasn 't awkward with anything , but she had always thought that the first time with someone new was awkward .
tr	I	Honestly , if she were , I would be shocked , and it was too dark to see if she was blushing .
tr	I	Julie thought she also caught a slight trace of anger at Julie 's failure to make good on the promise of freedom , but Kim looked scared .
tr	I	I will not abandon my Pack to wage a war without me , and I caused this .
tr	I	She maintained caution but Kara trusted again .
tr	I	He needed them now and he needed the accouterments .
tr	O	他必须进入存放电脑的区域，并且他们有进入那里的安全代码。
tr	I	She thinks she knows me , and two weeks since I arrived ?
tr	O	这不是我所期待的吻，但是我非常确定我同样爱它。
tr	I	His gaze was riveted , and the delectable mounds peeked above the neckline of her smock .
tr	I	He didn 't want to disappoint her in bed , but Pirro had a hard time keeping up with Vi .
tr	O	我正在努力弄明白，但是看起来在这整件事中没有人曾向前看。
tr	O	我相信他读高中，但是他可能读初中。
tr	I	Starlin made it their extremely profitable business to replace those numbers as needed , and most of the slaves died within the first two years of captivity .
tr	O	她叫出声时，他以一声男性的满足低吼作为回应，并且简睁开眼睛，目睹他的表情。
tr	I	All I could think about was Riley , but I felt like I had a world of worries on my shoulders .
tr	O	我的头发不需要洗两次，但是我需要给它们时间。
tr	O	她尝试微笑，但是感觉很僵硬。
tr	O	弗朗西丝卡的脸右侧被他打的地方发红，但是她的眼睛充满反抗。
tr	O	我试图把它当成玩笑，但是大卫只是对我皱眉。
tr	O	胶囊打开了，并且他出现在先锋舰桥上。
tr	O	我做了一个鬼脸，但是我的内心感到一团火焰燃起。
tr	I	Eventually he was going to have to go back to living his normal life , but I 'd cherish the moments I could with him .
tr	I	She jumped , opening her eyes and the doorbell rang .
tr	I	I also hope you 'll just as well play your part and I 'll make sure I make you as happy as possible .
tr	O	我们正在向港口泄漏气体，并且碳含量正在快速上升。
tr	I	It fell to the floor with a useless clatter , and shock made her drop the rifle .
tr	I	She had to escape that sand , but she had always hated gym at school .
tr	O	我的意思是他在那里，但是他没有被看到。
tr	I	You keep leaving that safety , but I 'm reasonably certain you 're safe in your house .
tr	O	利亚姆的爸爸找到了第一个可用的停车位，并且他们都带着他的行李挤到了人行道上。
tr	O	玛雅的目光没有动摇，而且很快约翰被迫移开了视线。
tr	I	He didn 't get up , but he growled when Deckard appeared .
tr	I	We never grew tired of looking at each other , and we treasured every single minute spent holding hands .
tr	I	His hatred towards my father is far stronger or it 's either he lied about his feelings .
tr	I	The last of my strength deserted me , and she helped me back into the car .
tr	I	She kept it in place , but her veil further darkened everything .
tr	I	She leaned her cheek against the edge of the wooden shutter and her fingers tightened .
tr	O	两者都很粗犷，但是鲍恩可能被认为是更经典的美男子。
tr	O	她的嘴唇张开了，仿佛要回答，并且然后她停了下来，转而舔了舔嘴唇。
tr	I	I felt my nerves stop and she smiled at me sweetly .
tr	O	会有很多可供选择的，而且他知道去哪里找它们。
tr	I	No one seemed to want to turn away from their work to do him harm , but the atmosphere was not friendly .
tr	O	掌声在黑暗中响起，而且我的呼吸哽在喉咙里。
tr	I	He lost all focus and Case 's heart lurched .
tr	O	卡德摩斯动身保护我，但是 我示意他退下。
tr	I	I don 't abuse pain pills anymore , either , and I don 't drink to hide the pain anymore .
tr	O	我想在此局面中占上风，并且 这将需要一些思考。
tr	O	我曾考虑给乔纳打电话，但是 这是一个公共活动。
tr	O	她害怕他会拒绝，并且 那就到此为止了。
tr	O	对于不幸者来说，逆来顺受是好的，但是 对于有罪者来说，没有安宁。
tr	I	It would not have been possible for them to disregard a patently ill human being or they must have received enormously intense orders to find those robots .
tr	O	他深吸一口气，并且 他低头看着我的手。
tr	O	雅各布在参加过夜派对，并且 德里克又一次在办公室加班。
tr	I	She could not tear her eyes away , but loud screams were building around her , coming from somewhere along the length of the tunnel .
tr	I	She pulled me back and I went to move .
tr	O	没有对方击球手受重伤，但是 他们本可能会受重伤。
tr	O	他在他的背包里翻找，并且找到一管药膏后，他朝我走来。
tr	I	Dark clouds were building across the sky as the sun set , but the day would have been warm if the wind wasn 't blowing .
tr	I	Sometimes I think it 's made me stronger and it 's a part of me .
tr	I	None too fancy , and it was a small little place .
tr	I	She would not give in to it but Jake had that kind of power .
tr	I	Her eyes did , but her face didn 't move .
tr	O	他的头靠在他的床头板上，并且他的眼睛闭着。
tr	O	金块烧不掉，并且他们可以带走所有他们的马能驮的东西。
tr	O	每当埃里克出现时，托林就离开，但是他讨厌这样。
tr	O	我向左侧移动，但是他没有上当，反而在相反方向尾随我。
tr	O	他开始颤抖，但是他不在乎。
tr	I	Suddenly everything made sense , and all the pieces snapped into place .
tr	I	He 'd already been alerted to the faint whiff of hero in the musty corridor air , and Sandbag was one reason why not .
tr	O	珍妮的头猛地转过来，并且她盯着她的阿姨看。
tr	O	她放慢了脚步，并且科琳也照做了。
tr	I	I couldn 't get the words out , but I went to say thank you .
tr	I	She knew she had just had one , but she wasn 't familiar with existential experiences on a personal level .
tr	O	他一直通过肖传递订单到现在，但是他撑不了多久了。
tr	I	He held on and she tried to pull her fingers away .
tr	I	Then again he 'd always looked good , but I couldn 't deny that Colt looked good .
tr	I	Those seemed to work pretty well last time , and if it ain 't broke , don 't fix it .
tr	O	我模糊不清、神志不清的状态没有消失，但是它没有比我该服用下一剂药时更糟。
tr	O	蒂博并非完全不受日益加剧的紧张局势影响，而且和所有人一样，他需要一个发泄口。
tr	O	我知道他是好意，但是事情没那么简单。
tr	I	They were typical Geraldine , and her lawyer had read Colin her final instructions over the phone .
tr	O	我讨厌听起来像个小屁孩，但是这是真的。
tr	I	I 'd never actually been to it , but it was close to the main airport .
tr	I	I can avenge his name now , but I couldn 't convince Hank not to do it then .
tr	O	约瑟夫对此毫无鉴赏力，但是那是一个美丽的夜晚。
tr	O	他的目光迅速下移到她身上，而且她看到她吓到了他。
tr	O	塔霍的门开了，并且罗索上校缓缓现身。
tr	I	I was quickly reminded of my surroundings and the evil smile on his face sent a shiver of nerves up my spine .
tr	O	他的嘴巴紧闭，并且他的身体因愤怒而颤抖。
tr	O	金色的头发四处乱翘，但是他的笑容俘获了她的心。
tr	O	这不关安东的事，但是我必须澄清事实。
tr	O	他的眼睛在房间里四处张望，寻找水壶，但是什么也没有看到。
tr	I	Shadows masked his face , and he sat just outside the circle of light .
tr	I	Elizabeth sat in her place , and Michelle left the table .
tr	O	我深吸了几口气，并且我们继续接吻。
tr	O	树木飞速掠过，并且山间空气从车敞开的窗户呼啸而入。
tr	O	她把自己的感情隐藏在那道铁幕后面，并且我只能希望她是在说实话。
tr	I	It comes back from every direction , but I dismiss it .
tr	O	这是一个和任何其他答案一样好的答案，并且雷金纳德再次任由睡意袭来。
tr	O	一切都天旋地转，并且她正陷入激情的狂热中，这时她意识到他慢了下来，甚至停了下来。
tr	O	这里有一个谜团，并且我决心解决它。
tr	O	我把一个厚枕头扔过房间，并且它砰地一声打在了她的大腿上。
tr	I	I was glad I had friends in the House to commiserate with , and Lindsey was a great girl .
tr	O	我的头开始剧烈疼痛，并且我揉了揉我的后颈。
tr	I	I couldn 't imagine how I had , and I hadn 't meant to offend him , of course .
tr	O	第一首歌进行得一如预期，并且现在是时候放开一些了。
tr	O	维修它会很昂贵，并且奶奶认为这辆旧车不值得花那样的钱。
tr	I	She was smiling just the same , but I stopped before I blew it .
tr	O	他们有时会和共同的朋友一起出去玩，并且他想幽默的时候也能很幽默。
tr	I	I knew from his expression that he was remembering his past , and he grunted softly .
tr	I	He smells lightly of cologne and his short hair is combed perfectly .
tr	O	他双眼圆睁，并且他正大口喘着气。
tr	O	他们站在一起，身体弯曲在他们中间的婴儿上方，并且乔治感觉一切都会好起来的。
tr	I	I 'd burn you to ashes where you stand or I could even tell you to do it .
tr	O	我们之间产生了隔阂，并且我很想她。
tr	I	A burly man stepped out and he started down the dirt road past the occupied campsite , just as the tent flap opened .
tr	I	Chance found himself rushing toward Gwen , but Will had backed up a bit more .
tr	O	绝望啃噬着我，将我从内到外撕裂，并且我慢慢地转向克洛诺斯。
tr	O	然后他的眼睛变得呆滞，并且他什么也看不见了。
tr	I	She left the shop in a hurry , and then something outside caught Roxie 's attention .
tr	O	多亏了他胖乎乎的身体，那重量没有压垮他，但是它太重了，无法举起。
tr	O	这次杀戮是正当防卫，但是到目前为止，这已经不重要了。
tr	I	I shrieked and my head was thrashed against the wall .
tr	O	她伸出一只手，并且我注意到拉拉僵住了，仿佛被某种魔法控制着。
tr	I	The he had just not been able to see her , and he was quite sure she had been there all along .
tr	O	她在移植名单上，我在捐赠名单上。
tr	I	He was breathing fast , and his cheeks were red .
tr	O	她通常在这个时候午睡，并且他想不到有什么比滑到她身边上床更完美的了。
tr	O	他们又在交流想法了，而且我 不喜欢。
tr	I	I didn 't participate , but they did meth along the way .
tr	I	Their sharp voices had already given me a headache , and I 'd only been in the room a minute .
tr	I	We know better than to celebrate that , but as far as we know , we 've been undetectable to the naked eye .
tr	O	通常她是微笑着的，但是现在她脸上的笑容不是真的。
tr	O	我脸更红了，并且她笑了。
tr	O	杰克看着我，并且如果他眼中有一丝炽热，那他的声音里则没有。
tr	O	她一头金发因睡觉而凌乱，并且她在丝绸睡衣外面披着一件灰色羊绒睡袍。
tr	I	Less than a hundred people are left to hold them , but your walls are strong .
tr	O	我相信他，但是这对于不断倾泻在我情感上的酸液毫无帮助。
tr	I	That meant extra guards along the base borders and all military bases were now on high alert .
tr	I	I don 't want any in the horde to see them but they 'll wait for you , Brian .
tr	I	That doesn 't help and I see his dimple .
tr	O	这艘船被遗忘了数百年，但是在1950年代，它在斯德哥尔摩港外被再次发现。
tr	O	他反复打电话给她，但是她没有接。
tr	O	他感受她的痛苦，并且为此感到畏缩。
tr	I	I keep our heads above water , but I 'm not the richest man .
tr	I	The wail of an approaching ambulance could already be heard , and half the people in the restaurant had already dialed 911 .
tr	I	VIN had nowhere to go , and Jonesy didn 't care to leave the base .
tr	I	He snorted in amusement and I gave him an annoyed look .
tr	O	汗水顺着我的脸流下来，而且蚊子快把我逼疯了。
tr	I	She didn 't say a word , yet her top lip raised .
tr	I	The door opened , and the repetitive beat gradually subsided .
tr	I	There 's no point and he 'll just freak .
tr	I	It wouldn 't subside at all , but I tried hard to suppress it .
tr	I	She 's hard to walk away from , but she deserves far better than me .
tr	O	你有我们的建议，但是决定权在你。
tr	I	The silver didn 't glow , but the silver collar still circled Connor 's neck .
tr	O	他一言不发，但是他的眼睛闪烁着怒火。
tr	O	贝丝会被卷入维多利亚的秘密而感到震惊，但是她不会被吓退。
tr	O	另一个远处的结构促使他尝试开启一个传送门，但是麦发现自己无法完成请求。
tr	O	她现在迟到了十分钟，但是她的妆容已经完美无瑕。
tr	O	西翼禁止我入内，并且我从未见过任何人进入那里。
tr	I	He wore whatever he wanted , and she wore what she could afford .
tr	O	沉重的低音让我想起家乡的俱乐部，并且我开始放松下来。
tr	O	我的心率减慢了，并且我的大脑停止嗡嗡作响。
tr	O	我听到詹姆斯叫我的名字，但是我忽略了他。
tr	O	巴尔萨泽咧嘴一笑，再次炫耀他下巴上的酒窝，但是接着我们都听到了考特尼的笑声，不远处。
tr	I	I could definitely relate to the way everything she touched turned into a complete mess , and Lucy was scatterbrained like me , all right .
tr	I	Laughter drifted softly across the line and a door slammed in the background .
tr	I	Sure enough there was a dressing table , and Edwin looked where Maddy pointed .
tr	I	There was no time , but normally Charlie would carefully assess the situation before charging in .
tr	O	瑞克是个值得保持关系的好人，并且那家公司是附近最好的之一。
tr	O	她的手从毯子里探出来，并且我把我的手指和她的缠绕在一起。
tr	O	他的脸变得非常兴奋，并且他的手开始飞舞起来。
tr	O	他必须是，否则他是什么呢？
tr	O	话虽如此，朱莉去拿早餐了，并且莉娅四处寻找桌子。
tr	O	约翰正在和某个科学家说话，并且凯亚一个字也没有听到他说的话。
tr	I	The yellowish light makes me squint , and Los Angeles feels as warm as ever , a typical hazy day in late fall .
tr	I	It 's too big to fit in the rover and the regulator has to be in the pressurized area .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I liked it , and Chaz wasn 't afraid of me anymore .
tr	O	他的脸颊潮红，并且鼻孔微微张开。
tr	I	That man probably constantly monitors to make sure you 're safe , but I 'm not even going to bring up the romantic stuff .
tr	O	我们去那边坐吧，并且你可以告诉我发生了什么。
tr	I	He realized she had long , toned legs , and it ended mid-thigh .
tr	O	我点点头，并且然后我们轮流站在我的椅子上，排列星座。
tr	I	She had forgotten to explain that every house out there looked identical , but Elise 's directions to her winter place were clear in the main .
tr	O	门在她身后开了，并且她希望那是艾米。
tr	O	他低头看着他的茶杯，但是它是空的。
tr	I	Outside , something is screaming , and the storm has whipped them to a frenzy .
tr	O	我正要展开一番深思熟虑的论证，但是前门晃动了一下。
tr	I	I fastened my eyes on his , and my fingers inched to his waistband .
tr	O	他们的港湾保护他们免受怒海冲击，但是风却从悬崖上刮过来，变得杂乱无章。
tr	O	她遵守了关于手机的承诺，但是她也明确了她要追查春树的意图。
tr	O	苏珊，我不是想当个混蛋，但是根据共有财产规定，这房子显然属于我。
tr	I	I could move , and then the lights turned on , blinding me in their startling intensity .
tr	O	他设法啃下了一大块，并且他欣然地大口吃着。
tr	I	She insisted they 'd talk later and he started to interrogate her over the phone .
tr	I	I believe every word , and he told me this .
tr	O	我不想要搭档，但是我已向你妥协了。
tr	I	The Newbies all had their eyes trained on the instructor , but I looked up to see if anyone had witnessed the action .
tr	O	显然他没睡好，但是我却只顾自己而没注意到。
tr	I	Instead of my mother , Riley poked his head in , but the door cracked open .
tr	I	I pay rapt attention and Quickly demonstrates the motions at the stand for us .
tr	O	她险些精神崩溃，并且我仍然默默地走着。
tr	I	There was something hard about him , less endearing , but he had Noel 's same clean-cut , golden features .
tr	O	这不漂亮，但是这是一个开始。
tr	I	The man was gone and Margie apologized once again .
tr	I	I couldn 't put my finger on what it was , but I sensed it on Alderaan .
tr	O	这不是一个愉快的想法，并且它对我的胃没有任何帮助。
tr	O	她本打算早点走出淋浴间，但是她知道水一关掉，他们就会停止谈话。
tr	O	科尔怀疑是否有人能忘记发生的一切，但是那些被释放的俘虏开始艰难地走开了。
tr	I	She managed to disguise it behind a shrug , but her disappointment was keen .
tr	I	It has not revealed any point of entry but I could see that the large rock has been blown off .
tr	I	They were always surprised , and the dizziness always hit them a few minutes before they returned to Aden .
tr	O	办公室在一段时间内会很空旷，但是它是我的。
tr	I	You are way out of control , but I know how hard it 's been on you since Hailey left .
tr	I	Noah hasn 't responded but he 's left several urgent messages .
tr	O	我遇到杰克逊·斯通的那天一切都改变了，并且他让我做了他的行政助理。
tr	I	She reveled in the thought of his own loss of control , and his hands were becoming rougher , more demanding .
tr	O	我知道那个女人不可能是厄里斯，但是我想知道我父亲是否也怀疑我怀疑的那个人。
tr	I	Curiosity sparkles inside me , but I just did what I had to and stuck to myself , at least since my twelfth birthday .
tr	O	你生病了，并且你需要帮助。
tr	O	她第二天早上天还没亮就起来了，并且她在太阳出来前就强行喂我吃完早餐了。
tr	O	这不是你的错，并且亚历山大的死也不是。
tr	O	这不是琼在冲突前通常会感受到的那种感觉，但是它确实让她感到恶心。
tr	O	他们的思想依然强大，纠缠在梦境世界里，但是他们的身体却被迫一动不动地躺着。
tr	I	We must also listen to our hearts ' desires , but murder is wrong , so thus a revolution is wrong .
tr	O	希望在她心中涌起，但是她却强行将其压了下去。
tr	O	我对所看到的一切感到有些震惊，但是我后来才想起某个地方还有第三样东西。
tr	I	The mass had a shaken look , but scattered jeers drifted up from some .
tr	O	我不完全确定弗莱奇不会做任何蠢事，但是我暂时不提那件事。
tr	I	I hope he 'll be allowed to stay as long as he wishes , but Kate will be free to change that once she is of age .
tr	I	He had gone silent and I told him it was perfect .
tr	O	我的手握成拳头，但是我却无法动弹。
tr	I	He sent you to Travis 's house to kill him but you say he wouldn 't put you in any danger .
tr	O	这个名字对你来说毫无意义，并且你将不得不假装你知道它在哪里。
tr	I	As soon as someone shared the prophecy tying us together , the fun began , but I couldn 't say for sure when the game started .
tr	I	Before she could react Victoria felt a hot , sharp pain down her left arm , and one of them was carrying a knife .
tr	O	马丁猛地离开了车，并且我看着他登记。
tr	O	我们必须倾尽所有来对付他们，否则我们就完蛋了。
tr	I	She looked automatically for the source , and Jenny heard a deeper sound , a thrumming .
tr	I	He 'd never fight her and he 'd never stand down .
tr	O	她示意其他警官保持安静，并且他们接着爬上了接下来的两层楼梯。
tr	O	她不确定自己期待什么，但是那不是空气中几乎可以触及的浓密黑暗。
tr	I	All bar , and the Last Stand is like a railroad apartment , long , narrow .
tr	O	他第二天又打电话来了，但是我一直没能和伦诺克斯的朋友圈里的任何人单独相处。
tr	I	Gran took this as a sign that he didn 't need any medicine , at least not immediately , and he now seemed more aware of things .
tr	O	伊甸的声音哽咽了，并且我能看到她的眼睛里充满了泪水。
tr	O	他没有获准打扰表演，并且他现在正在受到惩罚。
tr	I	I were hard core Marines and it 's not like Bear .
tr	O	飞机后部周围有一小圈烧焦的草地，但是机身相对完好无损。
tr	I	Some part of her reality had shifted but she didn 't know exactly what this meant .
tr	O	它们位于彼此的对立面，并且两者都有清晰的目标区域开放。
tr	I	Grey was alert to the emotions he must be feeling underneath , but the man chuckled .
tr	O	她曾思念他，并且现在看着他离开会让她心碎。
tr	I	Perplexed , I began to realize of the impossibility of my task , and I had never expected that the tomb would attract so much attention .
tr	I	He still remembered what it felt like to be a kid but he was getting along in years now .
tr	I	He was finally off the lot , but it took him at least three minutes .
tr	I	I can only hope that , with time , you forgive me for this , and you are a very special man , Eli .
tr	O	她满面笑容，但是她的眼神却示意我，我们得好好谈谈诺亚的事。
tr	I	When I get freaked out , I can get a little bit weird , but maybe I have too much imagination .
tr	O	因为它已经结束了，并且它也无关紧要了。
tr	I	She blinked them back and I saw the tears well up in her eyes .
tr	I	We should be gone a long time and he said we would be taking one of Lady Margaret 's lawyers .
tr	O	这一切都没有在宣传册里，并且我感到有些被怠慢了。
tr	O	丰盛的晚餐已经准备好了，并且这是一顿美餐。
tr	I	Jed thought it could possibly be Joshua , but they had a white sheet over him .
tr	O	这似乎是一项足够简单的任务，然而附近的所有人都陷入了突然而漫长的沉默。
tr	I	I knew enough to realize whatever was happening was not good , but I didn 't know what was going on .
tr	I	A team must have been sent out to dispose of all evidence , and Lily had made inquiries in the wrong places .
tr	I	It sounds pop Like a gunshot and drop Him off at church street .
tr	O	我在婚礼上看到了你，但是我们没有真正认识。
tr	I	Her upper lip curled into a snarl and her lips grew thin .
tr	I	Nobody wanted to run that risk , and Laughter would 've upset Stick .
tr	O	纳什不习惯接受命令，并且我也不习惯下达命令。
tr	I	Marshall brought drinks and they moved to the bar .
tr	I	I was sure that the old man was next to death , and he stilled .
tr	O	他对猎人有优势，因为他了解这座岛，但是这并没有困扰猎人。
tr	I	She manages the family well and she 's fond of Guy .
tr	I	More are boys than girls too , and I 've got friends right here .
tr	I	He acted the same as before but Missy thought that her great-grandfather looked paler .
tr	O	她叹了口气，并且她的身体开始体验那种松散、流动的、仿佛她正在融化般的感觉。
tr	I	She felt a moment of panic and there was no key card slot on the door .
tr	O	必须是艾瑞丝和我帮助春树逃跑。
tr	O	眼泪灼烧着，并且她努力抵抗着它们。
tr	I	He began to cry , and his face had turned white .
tr	O	他给了我这个美好的新生命，但是如果他不在其中，它就没有任何意义。
tr	O	它正在帮助她呼吸，但是没有它她也能应付得很好。
tr	I	The world was changing around us , and we were standing absolutely still .
tr	O	他不知怎么爬到了学校顶上，并且现在体育馆着火了。
tr	I	They had wound up disastrously , but things had started out smoothly enough this evening .
tr	O	雪莉立刻站了起来，并且奥森把她扶回凳子上。
tr	O	别再强迫她做事了，就因为你是这个该死的王国的统治者，并且你的话就是法律。
tr	O	杰克太过震惊手滑了，并且他用手机天线戳到了自己的眼睛。
tr	O	瘀伤仍然环绕在我的脖子上，并且我的右眼上方还有一道难看的肿痕。
tr	O	老鼠爆炸了，声音大到莉莎向后退去，并且几只蝴蝶紧张地飞离了小路。
tr	I	It was what got me through the day , but it was a blatant lie I told myself to make me feel better .
tr	O	招待会已经进行了好几个小时，并且每个人似乎都很享受。
tr	I	The chance of anyone listening was greater , and they were deeper into the rebel territory .
tr	O	他的牛仔裤破了，并且他的膝盖在流血。
tr	O	他指尖的皮肤在过去几周里变得更柔软了，并且他旧的茧子几乎消失不见了。
tr	O	老板不会喜欢这样，但是我们也不是海森堡的粉丝。
tr	O	我们以前在主街上有一家服装店，但是它关门了。
tr	I	He knew it and he 'd won .
tr	I	Now he knew he had been right , and he had been concerned .
tr	O	我不介意，但是当他意识到自己在做什么时，他抬起了头。
tr	O	她没有问他是从哪里弄来的，但是它们显然比他的更接近她的尺寸。
tr	O	也许这些是男孩普遍的特征，但是萨凡纳十年来第一次不得不眨去眼泪。
tr	I	The paintings on the walls were great and every piece of furniture looked stylish .
tr	O	我已经两晚没见到他了，但是我确信他永远不会离开我。
tr	I	They needed it fast , and Jam sellers needed product .
tr	I	The faint of light peering through the gaps , but we were deep in the forest , so dark I couldn 't see anything .
tr	I	My family are on this floor and books written by me .
tr	I	It was empty , but I spun around , wondering if I 'd somehow missed him in the antechamber .
tr	O	他垂下头，并且我感觉更糟了。
tr	I	I think that 's what I felt earlier when I wasn 't feeling well , but it was so strange .
tr	I	He could still have her if he wanted , but he thought it might take a little more effort than it used to .
tr	O	她穿着一件黑色紧身胸衣式连衣裙，里面有紫色网纱，并且她的口红是惊人的洋红色。
tr	O	我的目光与他相遇良久，并且我随后钻进被窝，我的心狂跳不止，因为拉夫在我身边安顿下来。
tr	I	She saw a tattoo on his palm and he waved .
tr	O	他们穿过人群，并且奥斯汀踉跄了几次。
tr	I	David felt that he had the house to himself and Tegan was napping .
tr	I	He had a bunch a trophies and he won a lot of money .
tr	O	有一种赛无法辨认的宜人香气，并且房间沐浴在没有太阳的阳光中。
tr	I	Hell , if he ever needed alcohol it was now , but it was early .
tr	I	The female police officer did an anal cavity search and Pam did as Jill said .
tr	I	He 'd made it clear he could never forgive what she 'd done , but she knew he cared for her .
tr	I	We all felt like we could breathe again , and his steps were light .
tr	O	与他共事的大多数人都参加过“灵魂派对”，并且他们网站上有大量照片可以证明这一点。
tr	I	I picked the two who seemed most desperate , and Laura set up interviews with several gentlemen .
tr	O	他轻轻笑了，并且随后他的嘴唇轻触我的，快速一吻。
tr	I	There was no mistaking her tone , and said Veronica .
tr	I	I can 't imagine my power burning half so bright , but I 'm no slouch at shaping .
tr	O	她不看我们中的任何一个，并且我知道她不想说话。
tr	I	I gave her a coffee this morning , but I don 't know how it happened .
tr	I	Now I hated him more and I already hated Moon .
tr	O	他的眼睛闪烁了一下，并且他前倾身体。
tr	I	His heart quickened when her gaze rose to his face , and her turquoise eyes glittered as she stared at his hand .
tr	O	我无法用那份信息做太多事情，但是它有可能会在我脑海中启动一些东西。
tr	I	We shared a knowing look and rolling my eyes I glanced up at Lowe .
tr	I	I thought it would be a good day to talk to him , and you know he was always home on rent day .
tr	O	他希望自己能回馈他们一些东西，某种形式的报答，但是他知道自己一无所有。
tr	I	No one ever will , and no one ever has .
tr	I	Her gaze was unwavering , but her bottom lip blanched when she bit it .
tr	O	他并不残忍，不完全是，但是那个粗鲁的小男人如果认为有人偷懒，就会毫不留情。
tr	I	No human would win against a wolf , and there was no use for the law .
tr	O	她建议他们下周见面，但是他说等不及了。
tr	O	它的狂喜感比我以往任何时候都强烈，并且在我颤抖时，它一波又一波地向我袭来。
tr	I	The matron entered and there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	Then , at the last moment , I called Tim , and my autopilot sense of direction started to take me home .
tr	I	Mary 's hands fell in a familiar pattern behind her daughter 's head and Paola surrendered .
tr	I	They were her naughty teenage children and Miriam pouted , feeling like she was the mother .
tr	O	老板弗雷德·波普尔正站在酒店大堂的桌子后面，并且他很高兴能为内特服务。
tr	I	They were still nowhere in sight , but occasionally , Luna 's gaze took in the land around her in the faint hope of finding her tribe .
tr	O	她吩咐守卫带进充足的火把，并且当房间被明亮照亮时，它至少看起来不那么令人毛骨悚然了。
tr	I	His shirt is soaked with sweat and his cheeks are red from underneath his helmet .
tr	O	他的手臂环抱住我，并且我暂时忘记了萨米离开的恐惧。
tr	O	没有一个巨大的开口，但是它必须这样做。
tr	O	她甚至不知道那件事，但是路易斯可能。
tr	O	她听到这个名字时退缩了，知道那就是她现在所附身的女孩，并且她感到一种想要揭露自己的冲动。
tr	I	Any publicity about POWs missing from WW2 could have precipitated a Superpower confrontation and by the time they could have publicised it the Korean War had started .
tr	I	He wondered if perhaps he was being foolish , but he desperately wanted to be a part of what was happening .
tr	O	他想在格林伍德岛的人民中灌输恐惧，但是他的军队是另一回事。
tr	O	女服务员过来了，并且他们点了新鲜饮料。
tr	I	I wouldn 't deny Sini hers , and I too would have sought revenge .
tr	O	如此粗鲁的话被大声说出来所带来的震惊以及其中蕴含的一丝真相，软化了它的冒犯性。
tr	O	右边有一间浴室，并且走廊一侧通向一间客厅。
tr	O	毫无疑问他对此物上瘾，但是如果能帮助西德拉，他会放弃这一切。
tr	I	The truth is , not one of them makes me feel better , but there are a thousand different scenarios playing out in my mind .
tr	I	She blushed again , and I smiled encouragingly at her .
tr	I	For some reason she couldn 't - wouldn 't - let go of it but the solid steel pistol in her hand felt heavy .
tr	O	柯拉不擅长表达情感，但是当她表达时，那感觉很好。
tr	I	The expression on his face was pinched , but Cole hugged her back .
tr	I	The children were abducted , never to be seen again , but they usually tore their adult victims to shreds .
tr	O	我吸了吸鼻子，他抬起我的头，坚定地用手掌夹住。
tr	O	他的嘴唇不如皮特那么粗暴，但是她不想让他们中的任何一个人侵犯她身体的任何部分。
tr	I	He glanced up to the towering snow covered mountain and the wind howled .
tr	O	那个家伙伸手到斗篷下找东西，也许是他的枪，但是布鲁锁住了他的手臂。
tr	I	He steps on it in order to better reach the ceiling , and he puts the tackle box on the floor , underneath the trapdoor .
tr	I	He looked a little worse for the wear , and Julie hadn 't seen him since the morning he 'd left .
tr	I	Charlie helped her to adjust the sandbags and she placed her weapon on the sandbags .
tr	O	她听到两声轻微的爆裂声，那是马克斯解决了其他人，并且她转身沿着小路继续前行，一言不发。
tr	I	His body refused to obey his commands , but Ronan tried to sit up .
tr	I	J hadn 't heard him and the guy had come up on his left side .
tr	I	His hands were white fists and his body was rigid .
tr	I	It wasn 't as awful as I was expecting , but I 'd heard all these horrible things about hospital food .
tr	I	I didn 't even know their last names and I had no feelings for any of them .
tr	O	我们已经通过一条溢流管和一段废弃的火车轨道前进了大约三个街区，这时尖叫声开始了。
tr	O	我需要他太久了，并且我不再需要等待了。
tr	O	瑞格尔那时看起来更加担心，但是他把自己的想法藏在心里。
tr	O	一股情感的洪流冲刷着她，并且她感觉自己像一枚发射入太空的火箭。
tr	I	It looked pained , as if she wasn 't happy to see him , but she smiled .
tr	O	那些幸运的人登上了看台，但是我无法透过闪烁的灯光看清有多少人幸存。
tr	I	I recognize the cafeteria , and we round another corridor .
tr	O	她没有明说，但是我知道她也爱你。
tr	I	I could swear she 's wearing the robe she 'd worn the night we first made love , but perhaps it is wishful thinking .
tr	I	It was still open and some mighty power answered her call because the gym was just across the street .
tr	I	She was not moving , and Victoria had been thrown from her wheelchair to the floor .
tr	I	That is not nearly long enough to do justice to your incredible body , and I 've got to be on a plane in five hours .
tr	I	I might do and that seemed like more of a joke than anything hasty Sydney .
tr	I	None of the other kids knew anything either , but I even asked around school after you first approached me about stealing Carson 's bracelet .
tr	I	He tried to sound convincing and he anticipated this question .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but he tipped it .
tr	O	重要的是她能通过考试，并且到目前为止她表现出色。
tr	O	这个女人还没有完全被说服，还没，但是她很接近了。
tr	I	She refused to be completely distracted , but she pressed her slender curves tight against him .
tr	I	She shook her head , but I glanced at Nina for confirmation .
tr	I	Cordelia turned to look him in the eye , and Bax groaned at that .
tr	O	当我们说出它时，一切都停止了，并且我们带着真诚的心说出了它。
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	他转身要走，但是杰克抓住了他的手。
tr	I	Nothing at a distance could be that strong , and he could find nothing close enough to have entered his thoughts .
tr	O	艾比正要争辩，但是亚当抢先了。
tr	O	他猛地移开嘴，并且我们互相凝视着。
tr	O	心想他疯了，我转身想告诉他，但是他却已经走了。
tr	O	他们冲过走廊，紧紧地拐过一个弯，并且然后冲上楼梯。
tr	O	她的身体不需要爆发出火焰，并且她的心也不需要如此诡诈地翻腾。
tr	O	他开始离开了，但是教练阻止了他。
tr	I	I heard the hollow clack of footsteps ascending the staircase , and voices moved through the walls .
tr	I	Elevator is more American and Lift is more English .
tr	I	It was very hard with blood coming out of her mouth , but Mia was trying to breathe .
tr	O	也许我曾经有过，但是我就是不喜欢那个人。
tr	O	它不柔软，但是它也不坚硬，也许像某种充气过度的筏子。
tr	I	Frankly I find them both obnoxious , and we aren 't really friends .
tr	I	It will cause bedlam and they 'll be discovered .
tr	I	It was leaving just as quickly as it came , but he could still feel the adrenaline rush of the encounter .
tr	I	Eventually , she was able to hide all evidence of her naturally red locks underneath the bright red wig , but it was a stretch .
tr	O	我本应该的，但是我却没有。
tr	O	她颤抖着，并且她的嘴唇因一声喘息而微张。
tr	I	She no longer hid the fact that the Gray was her Jewel of rank , but she usually wore her Birthright Green Jewels , just like today .
tr	I	I was starting to feel the slightest bit uneasy and though we were steps from going into her building , we were still in a public place .
tr	O	她确实很迷信，但是她从不伤害动物。
tr	I	Only two Rosewood police officers got out , but a police car pulled up behind the sedan .
tr	O	她朋友的眼睛闪烁着光芒，并且西比尔尽管心事重重，也笑了。
tr	I	I forced myself to stop , and her voice pierced through the hatred clouding my mind .
tr	O	她听说艾丽娅回来了，但是她还没有见到她。
tr	O	她用一只冰凉的手再次抚平他的额头，并且他瞬间又睡着了。
tr	I	He needed more exercise but the broken bones in his legs had healed .
tr	I	She nearly groaned , wanting to snatch his present away and her thrill at her glorious present evaporated .
tr	O	我身后，芬恩公寓的门关着，但是我没有理会。
tr	I	To forget all about who she was and to feel her body respond to his .
tr	O	那对鲁本是一个打击，并且塞莱斯特看到了。
tr	O	她的眼睛像祖母绿一样闪闪发光，并且她的嘴唇弯成一个欢迎的笑容。
tr	I	We walked out together , and he packed his bag .
tr	O	因耗尽了能量又带着嗜血的欲望而喘息着，方杰眯起了眼睛。
tr	O	然后——再次避开任何受伤区域——他抓住了我的肩膀，并且我预计他反正会把我扔到床上。
tr	O	灯光变暗了，并且我几乎立刻就睡着了。
tr	I	He still manages to elbow me in the shoulder but I dodge him .
tr	O	我的脸终于出现在视频里了，并且我的嘴唇轻轻地贴着她的嘴唇。
tr	O	汉娜无法猜透他的意图，但是他声音中的承诺确实让她感到担忧。
tr	I	Her cheeks are drying with no new tears to wet them , and she walks on her own now , next to Caleb .
tr	I	It was no use as her father caught his arms , but Gary tugged at him from behind .
tr	I	The gun is in his hand , but I don 't see Wade draw .
tr	O	它需要风才能舞动，但是空气沉重地停留在地面上，一动不动。
tr	I	There were no major cities along the way , and it was a clear day .
tr	O	他的目光中带着沮丧，并且最终他不再理会我们。
tr	I	I was the only person who knew , but to this day , Lesley rubbed her nose when she had a good hand .
tr	I	All faint , and all orange .
tr	I	The entire wagon was lifted off the ground and seconds later the earth shook .
tr	O	这番演讲很精彩，但是一些持异议的牧师对鲁索的不信任感甚至更强烈。
tr	O	她没料到会那样，但是她很好奇。
tr	O	他支撑了我这么久，并且是时候该有人终于照顾他了。
tr	O	有很长的停顿，并且他的下句话说得很迟疑。
tr	I	They hadn 't had it since she 'd left for college , but it was her sister Carolyn 's favorite dish .
tr	O	房子有一个蓝色的屋顶，并且车库漆成了白色。
tr	O	我不常那样做，但是现在看来那真是他妈的太合适了。
tr	O	她起身去拿啤酒，并且他开始起身帮忙。
tr	O	威尔对本做出了威胁性动作，但是他继续尖叫。
tr	I	Everyone else laughed heartily , and Alessandro thundered like a chant .
tr	O	哈丁顿转向他留下克拉伦斯的地方，但是那片地方现在已经空无一人了。
tr	O	有一道通往想象力的大门，你必须在意识清醒之前进入，并且这扇门的钥匙是符号。
tr	I	Only outer forces could stop it and the wheel of retribution was spinning up .
tr	O	我躺下了，但是我无法摆脱那个梦境。
tr	I	What you 've asked him to do is very difficult , and it takes a tremendous effort to do even simple things .
tr	I	The sound resembled a whimper , and Terra sighed .
tr	O	她点了点头，伸手去拿球，但是安德鲁的手划过桌面，把它抢走了。
tr	I	Cool fear fought the intense heat that had spread throughout her , and when his fingers began to dig into her arm , she gasped .
tr	O	她想痛揍那些体型庞大、大男子主义的男人，但是她不需要他们的保护。
tr	O	我把点三八手枪递给她，并且她把乌兹冲锋枪递给我。
tr	I	They become mine , and you touch your guns .
tr	I	Then her attention moved to the bare chest she 'd revealed , and she caught a glimpse of it sailing over the balustrade .
tr	I	The brain does things to compensate but he knew this was complete bull .
tr	I	It hurt to open her eyes , and her head was pounding .
tr	I	Her eyes glinted with malice , and a slow smile spread across Calliope 's face .
tr	I	Sometimes we can 't stop ourselves , but we all know it .
tr	O	我的手机响了，并且萨拉的图像占满了我的屏幕。
tr	O	她需要很长时间才能康复，但是席琳知道她的小战士会挺过来的。
tr	O	他笑了，并且他的眼里充满了自豪。
tr	I	His expression became one of mock surprise , and I emitted a low , rumbling growl .
tr	O	蹲坐回去，他把手抽了出来，并且它就在眼前了。
tr	O	当然，它不是失重状态，但是这体验有望令人惊叹。
tr	I	It was about to pay off , and Roman had made an educated guess .
tr	I	His energy jumps , and not until Gabe shifts in his sleep .
tr	O	躺在甲板上可能对他的脊椎很好，但是像大多数有益健康的事物一样，它当时真是该死的难受。
tr	O	她点了点头，哽咽得说不出话，并且意识到无论如何都无法阻止他了。
tr	I	I hope you will like her and she is supposed to arrive today .
tr	O	我把它倒过来，并且它就形成了一块砖。
tr	O	我转过身去，打算找个合适的地方休息，但是查普曼中尉拦住了我。
tr	O	马尔万无法想象那样离开他的母亲，但是他强烈地感觉到艾登是对的。
tr	I	She wore a light pink pantsuit with a diamond brooch pinned at the collar and her silver hair was piled on top of her head .
tr	I	I 'd hoped he was right , but I hadn 't totally believed him .
tr	I	Her mother had always insisted her name not be shortened , but he 'd called her Raine in his letter , too .
tr	I	He didn 't answer , but he frowned , his expression fierce .
tr	I	It seemed to take forever , but it was a short walk across the width of the family wing past the library .
tr	O	她转过身去，但是他伸出手去拦住她。
tr	O	我不确定他多大年纪，但是我会把他归入五十多岁。
tr	I	She lost her chance altogether and she wasn 't sure , though she knew she 'd have to figure it out before the evening ended .
tr	I	It does not end well and you know I have seen movies about guys like you .
tr	O	你不必成为她最好的朋友，但是我不希望你再干涉她了。
tr	O	我确实更喜欢我的名字的长版本，但是我并不挑剔。
tr	I	He can 't say you didn 't level with him but he won 't like it .
tr	O	他们有很多工作要做，而且我们想给他们充足的时间来完成。
tr	I	There was no disguising the tremble of his lower lip , but he was trying to put on a brave face .
tr	O	我不知道，而且我不明白。
tr	O	虽然，我们确实有过一次瞬间的心灵相通，但是我们从不谈论它。
tr	O	他跺了脚，并且传来了骨头断裂的声音。
tr	O	他们在受罚时会求饶，但是他们不知道其他生活方式。
tr	O	他们都是新父母，并且他们当中没有人知道自己在做什么。
tr	O	她不确定如果真是那样她会如何解释自己的存在，但是希望她能想到些什么。
tr	O	我曾请他帮助我寻找关于《阴影天使》的资料，并且他刚刚给我发了几个相关链接。
tr	O	她用缰绳拍打那生物的背，并且它们冲向天空。
tr	I	He knew there wasn 't enough time for that , but he 'd want to lead her to the bedroom afterward .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to like the terms , but he had a much better trade in mind .
tr	I	I 'd missed him so much , and it had been so long .
tr	I	I felt her enter me , give herself to me in a glance and Caridad glanced back .
tr	O	德拉库拉的守卫没有人想为我的死负责，然而他们都太害怕他而不敢给我他们的血。
tr	O	她打量着那辆车，并且我震惊地看着她。
tr	I	He mocked her with a bow and his lips spread into a thin line .
tr	I	He pulled her into his side , and Michael 's arm came around Lily .
tr	I	I was kissing him back , and then he was kissing me .
tr	O	冬天使大地潮湿，并且潮湿的大地会使思想潮湿。
tr	O	他困惑地看着我，并且我凝视着他英俊的脸。
tr	I	She had to struggle to keep her hands from shaking and her insides were jittery .
tr	I	The around the clock sentries at the House were only sent out to do an occasional patrol and it was so cold that school was cancelled .
tr	I	The coolness calmed the stinging sensation and it made my arm feel cool .
tr	I	It was like the documents were on fire , and the lights of London bled through the thin paper .
tr	O	至少一个小时过去了，并且仍然没有Summer的踪影。
tr	O	Pol终于把门弄开了，并且他们鱼贯而出到小路上。
tr	O	闪烁的蓝眼睛与他对视，并且他倒吸了一口气。
tr	I	The bear was gone and when Ron returned after the paramedics took Rich 's body away , his room was a shambles .
tr	O	她不知道会发生什么，但是她必须尝试一下。
tr	I	I didn 't dare confront him after that , but Day after day Trenton ignored me .
tr	I	Wendy scarcely acknowledged her niece , but Sebastian smiled at the relief in her voice .
tr	O	她一松手，他又瘫坐了回去，但是她现在知道可以把他弄上楼了。
tr	I	The knot in my gut is less tight , and the look on his face is less tense .
tr	O	他们下了车，并且他带着Kara进了大楼。
tr	O	他鄙视软弱，并且他甚至更鄙视自己身上的软弱。
tr	I	His skin felt clammy and his heart was pounding .
tr	I	He pulled me down to the couch to him and his voice was adamant .
tr	I	I allow myself to find comfort in it now , but I know it 's just a child 's tale .
tr	O	那无辜的诅咒没有让他感到惊讶，但是从中涌出的恐慌和震惊却让他感到惊讶。
tr	I	I was the first one who she gave an autograph to and she 's also so shy in live like she has been on TV !
tr	O	他们的航班早上飞往圣巴特岛，并且他们会去度一个完整的两周蜜月。
tr	I	It was blue flashing ; but I suspected that all the flashing I could see meant I was losing my vision .
tr	I	Hopefully he would stay here as we go to battle and the demon seemed to be someone we could trust .
tr	I	I was sent up into the clouds for a spring break I wasn 't even sure I wanted , and the city of Chicago floated beneath me .
tr	O	她不想打扰任何人，但是她想向杰米玛打招呼。
tr	O	地板上已经堆着一堆胸罩，而且乔治亚还在试穿更多，背对着镜子。
tr	I	The pressure on that wrist started to lighten and she 'd done something to it .
tr	I	Without an X-ray , it was hard to tell , but both indicated a possible fracture .
tr	I	He slowly slides the ponytail holder out of my hair , which falls around my shoulders and his hand reaches up .
tr	I	I crumpled to the floor , and my knees gave out .
tr	I	Her head was spinning and her body was humming .
tr	I	I tried to reach it before he did and my phone rang .
tr	I	I was now inside the house , but Gem was sitting on the edge of the gurney next to me .
tr	I	I thought I would be thorough , but I wasn 't sure what I was looking for .
tr	O	是的，那是一个千载难逢的机会，但是旅途中人太多了。
tr	I	Guri wasn 't about to abandon it , but there was no hope for the fortress .
tr	I	Then seconds later , it began again , but at one point , it stopped ringing .
tr	I	He couldn 't bear to look her in the eyes , and she was watching him again , watching him in that impassive fashion .
tr	O	那团毛球像一只野生动物一样被困住了，而且他知道这一点。
tr	O	也许我是在让恐惧战胜我，或者也许我是在等待一个不存在的完美时刻。
tr	I	She had slept and her exhausted body had taken over .
tr	O	那些吸血鬼着迷地站着，有的面带微笑，有的面带紧张的愁容，但是当德雷文试图逃跑时，所有人都僵住了。
tr	O	驾驶舱再次摇晃，使得特里斯坦撞向他的加速安全带，而且所有的灯都变成了红色。
tr	O	凯莉的声音从我肩头传来，并且我的身体立刻变得僵硬如木板，各种情绪涌上心头。
tr	O	也许我的目的是激励人们，但是我毁掉的人和帮助的人一样多。
tr	O	很容易煮过头，并且平衡口味需要付出真正的努力。
tr	O	他冒着生命危险救了我们中的一个人，并且这让我觉得他没问题。
tr	I	It didn 't matter who heard his answer , and we were trapped .
tr	I	I needed it about every other day , and I needed blood .
tr	I	Alissa seemed to think he had changed tenfold but I didn 't really notice much of a change in him because he 'd always been moderately clingy .
tr	O	太阳缓慢地划过天空，并且莎拉的精力似乎随着每一排的进行而恢复。
tr	O	这只是时间问题，并且唱诗班男孩们就会被赶下台。
tr	O	我听到一辆汽车发动了，并且车头灯在夜色中划出锥形光束。
tr	I	She pointed to it and the door to the suite was off to her left .
tr	O	她说她没有生气，但是她为什么还要蜷缩着呢？
tr	O	雅努斯将那张厚重的简易床猛掷向旁边的人，并且那投掷物重重地击中，击倒了好几个。
tr	I	Every man with a sword on his waist went searching for the assassin and Richard ran up the stairs to his chamber .
tr	O	他的声音很坚定，并且我立刻感到扫兴。
tr	I	Rafe suddenly rediscovered his tongue and the voice was sharply bracing .
tr	I	I still didn 't know how I managed it and it only happened five minutes ago .
tr	O	另一个问题是电网，但是我心想我对此有个解决方案。
tr	I	She let it take her and she felt another orgasm gathering .
tr	O	那可能比他应该说的要多，但是那些话在他来得及判断其明智与否之前就脱口而出了。
tr	I	The pair ducked down its narrow path , and bugs motioned toward a nearby alleyway .
tr	O	估计你能让那男孩脱离街头打斗，但是你却无法让那男孩的街头斗士本性消失。
tr	O	她肯定在她应该在的地方，并且他也是如此，我永远不会再到那里了。
tr	O	她的眼睛开始适应，并且她看到了更多的树，成排的。
tr	I	It came as no surprise , and he wasn 't leaving .
tr	O	当她再次抬起头时，她的眼中燃着火焰，并且这火焰直指艾什。
tr	I	You 're not better than this place , and you 're not better than me .
tr	O	当时祖克试图逃跑，尽管徒劳无功，但是为时已晚。
tr	O	芝加哥曾作为牛镇繁荣一时，并且那个遗产延续至今。
tr	I	It didn 't bother me when I was younger , but I 've always been a loner .
tr	O	他们毕竟住在一起，并且我是中间的女孩。
tr	I	When I got back to my room , Anita was gone , but I gathered my things quietly , because Anita was still sleeping .
tr	I	It was done and just a remote programmer put in the hydroelectric plant 's mainframe .
tr	I	His eyes bulged in horror , and the drunken man 's face went pasty white .
tr	I	Caroline 's heart ached for his loss , and she seemed like such a sweet person .
tr	I	Now she was a mistress to a rich man and she 'd married herself off to a rich man .
tr	I	Luke didn 't seem to mind , but I realized how rude I sounded .
tr	I	Several men in EMT jackets jumped out , and an ambulance pulled onto the embankment .
tr	O	伊芙坐在窗边的座位上，并且当她往窗外看时，她注意到另一个不认识的男人在附近徘徊。
tr	O	他以为她现在会回心转意，但是事情结果却恰恰相反。
tr	I	I joined the circle , and Nell gave me one .
tr	I	I was determined to return the favor and she had never left me .
tr	O	他简直不敢相信，但是他的俘虏者终于死了。
tr	I	She knew she was safe with him around and Pierre touched her on the back , unnoticed by the rest , reminding her that he was there .
tr	O	我之前与波因德克斯特那次小小的“会面”之后，现在又多了一个黑眼圈，但是新长出来的那个不算太糟。
tr	I	I was thinking about her words , but she chuckled at her own bad joke .
tr	I	There were dozens of reasons to discount the idea , but the thought had crossed his mind , of course .
tr	I	I watched as he took a breath to answer my question , and his mouth was a slight horizontal cut into his chiseled face .
tr	I	He couldn 't recall who 'd told him that , but her husband had drowned in a boating accident three years earlier .
tr	O	凯尔女士一定在里面，并且门开了一条缝。
tr	I	He didn 't answer , but she asked .
tr	I	There was no sign of the Rainbow Bridge , but he glanced up .
tr	I	We did great and we went on a mission .
tr	I	Carefully , forcefully , blew his breath outward and he placed his own mouth on the chill blue lips .
tr	I	His passing would likely go unnoticed but several tables were occupied nearby .
tr	O	许多人看着沿着庭院内部周长延伸的宏伟拱门，并且它们带有阳台。
tr	O	他没有携带武器，但是他的拳头覆盖着钢。
tr	I	He had a hard-on the size of a police baton , and the speaker was a handsome man , probably only twenty years old .
tr	O	你们两个都已经十三岁了，而且我才只有十二岁。
tr	O	我会接受他作为司机的条件，并且他会接受我无法与他分享过去。
tr	I	I let him keep that feeling and he seemed pretty proud of himself .
tr	I	I want to smack it right off his face and Dominic grins at me .
tr	O	她看起来此刻并不想和任何人说话，但是她身不由己。
tr	O	他可能不明白她会如何完成这件事，但是如果他真的需要她的帮助，她会在那里。
tr	I	I came out to an open field from which I could view the Château in all its majesty , and I walked through the gardens .
tr	O	我照做了，并且她说在我再摘一篮豌豆后，我就可以走了。
tr	I	Everything in me aches to kiss her , and a smile curves on the edge of my lips .
tr	O	她不是伊莱恩，但是她以某种方式、某种途径融入了这个家庭。
tr	O	莎拉将安德烈丢给了他的命运，并且拥抱游戏疲惫地开始了。
tr	I	Her neck was too stiff to bend , but Louisa tried to nod back .
tr	O	我们俩同时到达了，并且一场为争夺它而进行的恶斗发生了。
tr	I	She will need someone to trust and to become a Heroine will be a lonely plight .
tr	I	There was a charge in the air , and dark clouds were brewing in the east .
tr	I	They didn 't seem all that interested , but I tried the guys at Scientific American .
tr	O	我独自来到这个世界，而且我可以应对它抛给我的一切。
tr	I	I 've never been unseated and I 've had horses buck on me before .
tr	I	In the far distance gunfire erupted in the still , previously quiet morning air , and a crashing sound accompanied it .
tr	I	I had to put my life in her hands , but I didn 't trust this woman fully .
tr	O	他的舌头伸进了她的嘴里，并且当他尝到她的味道时，欲望涌遍了他的全身。
tr	O	那就是一直以来的做法，而且我相信我也不例外。
tr	I	There was no longer any animosity between them , and their roles were different , that was all .
tr	O	我看着奥尼克斯，并且他就只是看着我。
tr	O	她抓了抓他的头，并且他们就出门了。
tr	I	Ms. Roberts would like to offer you a permanent job , and you did a good job .
tr	O	从不缺食物，并且也从不缺胃口。
tr	I	They 'll leave and Eric 's sewing up the cut .
tr	I	That was the number my cell phone had logged , but it was too late for the store to be open .
tr	I	At least the beds are comfortable , but I 'm sorry that everyone has to share while they are here .
tr	O	有些变成了完整的四边形，并且许多三角形保持了它们的三边性质。
tr	I	I couldn 't refute it now because it was taking over me , but it was something I never would have believed about her .
tr	I	He can get outdoor seating and I suppose it is one of Doyle 's favorites because it stays open late .
tr	O	我希望我能说更多，但是这里什么都没有发生。
tr	O	我们将做这个，并且他将做那个。
tr	I	Despite everything I was happy to be part of this , and this was not at all where I thought I would ever find myself .
tr	O	我们离开房子后，我带萨凡纳回到了海滩，并且我们走了很长一段沙滩，直到她开始打哈欠。
tr	O	移动的东西引起了她的注意，并且她指了指。
tr	I	She was glad to see it and he grinned .
tr	O	他抓住了阿里克的腰，并且他们重重地摔倒了。
tr	O	罗杰原来是救星，并且他很快就被提升为经理。
tr	I	With his large hands he gently closed her hand into a fist around the keys , and then he shook his head .
tr	O	加文挠着他的后脑勺，并且薯片袋在他的手里发出嘎吱声。
tr	O	他们努力说服他带一名武装护卫同行，但是 Ezio 坚决拒绝这样做。
tr	O	他的大部分精力似乎都消失了，但是他在掸去身上灰尘的时候，又重新振作起来。
tr	O	回家的路上悄无声息，但是 Alec 没有放松他的性攻势。
tr	I	The barrel was wider , but it looked like a shotgun .
tr	I	I dragged in a heavy breath and my head cleared the water .
tr	I	The laughter was bubbling up again , but I was trying to be polite .
tr	O	她对乐队的现状很满意，而且她从未接受我们需要加入新成员。
tr	I	It didn 't die , but Leo drove his bolt into a vampire 's chest .
tr	I	It doesn 't make all that other stuff go away but I 'm thankful for that .
tr	I	Ellery stood there looking at the booth , and the waitress showed us to our seats .
tr	I	Most things they 'd done had been firsts for her , and she hadn 't been as bold when they were younger .
tr	O	他那晒黑的脸涨得通红，并且他的胸膛因让她精疲力尽而剧烈起伏。
tr	I	The hand that surrounded his brain turned from a tingling to heat , but Tom attacked the guard .
tr	O	她吃惊地蹲下，并且我扑向了她。
tr	O	他不可能不知道一半的会众都在盯着我们看，但是他紧握着我的手。
tr	O	他的嘴唇悬停在她的唇边，并且她微微抬起下巴，等着他吻她。
tr	I	A five inch blade he kept razor sharp , perfect for skinning deer , and it had an eagle engraved on it .
tr	O	他们努力保持客观，但是他们不笨。
tr	I	The agony was bursting through her grey eyes , and her face was familiar .
tr	I	It was on the house , and it turned out to be from Harry 's personal stash .
tr	I	She almost swooned and he smiled again .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop thinking about her , but he had spent at least two hours last night trying to get to sleep .
tr	O	谢天谢地，这件事很轻微，并且谢天谢地，哈里斯先生拒绝了付款。
tr	I	I held him , thinking there was nothing I wouldn 't do for this boy , and he was smiling when he went to sleep .
tr	O	她不想承认，但是她也不会否认真相。
tr	I	I tensed up and she leaned her head into my arm .
tr	O	他呻吟了一声，并且知道我无需任何身体接触就能让他有这种感觉，这简直令人心潮澎湃。
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she knew she sounded juvenile .
tr	O	波塞冬见过他几次，并且他看起来是个善良的人。
tr	O	某个地方计时器响了，并且他从詹妮伸出的手中抽回。
tr	O	休息室的门开了，并且一名助手探身进来示意尼尔。
tr	O	我用我们已接近应许之地并且现在不是放弃的时候这一认知来安慰自己。
tr	O	我的胃一下子沉了下去，并且我真的能感觉到我的脸都白了。
tr	I	It plastered to her frame and her shirt was soaked .
tr	I	She was still unmarried , yet I had lost count on how many children she had ; each one by a different father .
tr	I	Kylie knew Derek could sense her emotional turmoil and he smiled tenderly .
tr	O	贝娅特丽克丝是个身材矮小但体态丰腴的女人，但是她的轮廓却不知何故地显得轻盈而非沉重。
tr	O	咔嗒一声，并且他接着把门抬了起来。
tr	O	几分钟过去了，并且接着答案就来了。
tr	I	Haddington stopped under each one to hold up the candle and there was a row of paintings hanging from one wall .
tr	O	他有声望，而且你是个漂亮的女孩。
tr	O	这个词变成了“ringing”，也并非完全准确，并且接着，几乎立刻，活了过来。
tr	I	Our technicians had no trouble accessing it , but Dr. Wilson 's computer was password protected .
tr	I	He didn 't see a resemblance , but Romain hated to disappoint her .
tr	I	Each time I strained to see the shooter 's face , and it was brutally magnetic as I watched my death repeated .
tr	O	洛根对着普雷斯顿的脸打了两记重拳，但是死神却挥舞着剑反击，使得洛根跳开了。
tr	O	很快另一艘运输船将在这种增强的保护下着陆，并且其自身的运载工具将使情况进一步恶化。
tr	O	March 跟在他后面，并且我殿后。
tr	I	The telepathy had been the reason he left in the first place , but I know it didn 't make for an ideal way to communicate .
tr	O	双胞胎的表情更加生动活泼，并且他们似乎很享受在树林里散步，伸手去够那些盛开的色彩。
tr	I	Her mother had always prevented it , but she had been naturally curious before .
tr	I	The telescope rolled to face their destination , and atop the telescope the crystal ball glowed .
tr	O	时钟在滴答作响，并且它们的部件在转动。
tr	O	一切总该有个尽头，但是一阵阵的痛苦却不断袭来，将我淹没，令我窒息。
tr	I	I 'm right here and I 'm your daughter .
tr	I	He must have found it in her bag , but she 'd forgotten that she even had it .
tr	O	我告诉自己这就像游泳池的跳水板，并且没有什么好害怕的。
tr	O	我的身体麻木了，并且我无法集中注意力。
tr	O	他凝视着我的脸，并且他的拇指再次划过我的下唇。
tr	O	我等着看我的身体是否会放松，但是它没有。
tr	O	罗曼太太深得家人敬重，并且他们不会喜欢伊芙对她出言不逊。
tr	I	He knew it , and he was bait .
tr	O	他向我张开双臂，并且我便急切地爬回了床上。
tr	I	I don 't know anything about you , but you know all about me .
tr	O	他挣扎着站了起来，并且他们都和他一起站了起来。
tr	I	They didn 't stop him from swinging that pole again , but there were tears in his eyes .
tr	I	Dirge limped into the safety of the stall and under him the gate opened .
tr	O	我有着完美的记录，但是有很多低级别的人也有着完美的记录。
tr	I	He kept buzzing and no one answered .
tr	O	凯ameron所要做的只是把她抱起来，并且他就能让她平躺在上面。
tr	I	You said nothing , and you kept him , then you gave him up to strangers .
tr	I	It looked good on her and she had put on five pounds .
tr	O	你们围攻了我们的城镇，并且我们击退了你们。
tr	I	Serenity walked in , her mouth dropping open and Sebastian used a keycard to open the door .
tr	O	是的，凯ameron控制着我的身体，但是他无法控制我的思想。
tr	O	她的睡袋旁边背包里有个小帐篷，但是除非天气很糟糕，她很少费心去把它打开。
tr	I	I had my mother tell him I was sick , and he called several times over the next few days .
tr	O	她不知道自己敲响了魔鬼的门，而且他已经把她请进去了。
tr	I	I wanted to kill him and the intensity of the moment added energy to my grip .
tr	I	When a ruler dies , the land seeks out someone else powerful , and I 'd killed him in battle .
tr	O	天色仍然相当暗，并且杰斯扶着我的腰，我们攀爬过那些巨大弯曲的石头。
tr	I	I thanked whatever deity was out there that he hadn 't , but I don 't know how he didn 't see me .
tr	I	I could feel his breath against my temple when he spoke and when the ground leveled off , he pulled me to him .
tr	O	博摇了摇头，但是他启动了船。
tr	I	Pleasure still pulsed within her , and her body was still flushed .
tr	O	有一样东西很突出，但是我分辨不出那是什么。
tr	O	她试图记住他的名字，但是她没有时间了。
tr	O	他的衬衫皱巴巴的，卷到肘部，并且他的白发像一顶恐怖假发一样竖着。
tr	I	Sometimes I feel out of my depth when Max 's friends are around , but Johnny 's a decent guy .
tr	I	The thickly frosted grass was cold under my bare feet , and I slipped off the mare .
tr	I	His mind was shocked at the realization , but he made it a statement .
tr	O	我走下楼，并且酒保甚至没有抬头。
tr	O	她把马拉特绳索的末端递给他，并且塔维将它穿过尖刺末端的孔眼。
tr	O	她的连衣裙是一个宣言，而且他永远无法充分地用言语表达他对它的感激。
tr	O	那句赞美似乎让她生气了，并且她把手抽开去拿工具。
tr	I	With an effort she pulled her mouth from his , and Jenny felt herself sinking into the sweet , sensual whirlpool of his desire .
tr	I	Even though Knox knew she was trying to mask it , her friend 's deceit had hurt her and the last part was said softly .
tr	I	She shivered and he breathed lightly over her slick pulsing core .
tr	O	她有一百万件事可以说，但是她不知道该先说什么。
tr	O	他知道我不会撒谎，并且我感觉到他想知道更多。
tr	I	Night Walker was missed around the campfire , and these stories were the fabric that made up their beliefs .
tr	O	她的眼睑颤动了，并且她的视线模糊了。
tr	I	You can just walk in , and the King 's men will be in the town .
tr	I	Lights flashed and sirens shrieked .
tr	O	有些时候我以为她恨我，而且就在那一刻，我知道她确实恨我。
tr	I	He idly strokes my outstretched leg , and I lean a little toward him .
tr	O	我盯着门，希望他出来，但是它仍然紧闭着。
tr	I	He looked down at Sarah 's face , and his eyes flew wide with shock .
tr	I	This technology goes back to the 1960 's and this is a fascinating read .
tr	O	他们走近了门，并且她敲了敲门。
tr	I	She had taken over and I had lost control over my powers .
tr	O	我把拇指按进他的眼球，并且他像拍苍蝇一样把我拍开。
tr	I	I giggled , and he looked around like he wasn 't sure what to do .
tr	I	We have ourselves another dead body and you come back to town .
tr	O	她知道自己是在垂死挣扎，但是到了这个地步，她愿意尝试几乎任何事情。
tr	I	I waved a halfhearted greeting anyway , but the guy didn 't seem all that interested in meeting me .
tr	I	We are off to the airport , and Everything is loaded into the van .
tr	I	The walls looked ready to crumble and whole sections of its roof were missing .
tr	O	她周围的颜色略微偏紫了，但是它们仍然闪耀着来自她体内的光芒。
tr	I	You 'll have to pull straight A 's for the rest of the semester , and it kills your wiggle room .
tr	I	Matt gets into the driver 's seat , and we 're standing at the front of the car .
tr	I	Tossing her head with flashing eyes , but she asked , no longer meek .
tr	I	Sometimes you can 't help the way you feel , but I didn 't want to worry about him doing that .
tr	O	他们摇晃着，并且她偎得更近了，把脚缩到裙子下面。
tr	I	I didn 't want to be , but I was relieved .
tr	I	Feel you tingle upon my lips , And I breath in deep your tempting wisps .
tr	I	We stared at each other for a few moments , unsure what to say next , and Raquel swallowed so hard I could hear it .
tr	I	She would implode or she needed release .
tr	I	Recently I 've been the target of all her attacks , and Savannah 's one of the meanest girls at our school .
tr	O	包被放进了肯的购物车，并且他们出去了。
tr	I	Once again , I am impressed with her and her stare is unwavering .
tr	I	We talked and she sat me down .
tr	I	He wasn 't good with numbers , but not because there were so many .
tr	I	She could sense the life around her and her awareness continued to expand farther out .
tr	I	Julian wasn 't eating at all and he wasn 't eating much .
tr	I	She couldn 't talk around that damn tube , but she tried to protest .
tr	O	斯科特吃惊地看了她一眼，但是他破天荒地有分寸地什么也没说。
tr	O	爸爸的眼睛睁得大大的，并且他呼出了一口气。
tr	O	她的瞳孔因白内障而发白，但是她直视着埃文斯，仿佛无论如何她都能看见他，不知怎的。
tr	O	在书桌的四个角上都有标记，像指南针的指针一样，并且其中一个指向了错误的方向。
tr	I	His threat was still ringing in my ears , but I wanted to scream .
tr	I	A short , sturdy man holding a lantern emerged , and a light appeared at one of the stable doors .
tr	O	我感到血渗进了我的鞋子里，并且随后我听到了我母亲的尖叫声。
tr	O	天气也很冷，非常冷，并且这种反差是极端的，就像你从热水澡里出来踩到瓷砖地板上一样。
tr	I	Both were guarded , and there were only two entrances .
tr	I	We are not sure what exactly happened to Victoria and the cause isn 't clear yet .
tr	I	She didn 't want to ever have to do that again and she 'd completely depended on a man once in her life .
tr	I	Here it was , but funny , he hadn 't thought they 'd find common ground .
tr	O	她的气味令人陶醉，并且他深深地吸了进去。
tr	O	大部分发生的事情都来自赞恩，但是雅培想从我这里听到恶魔干预的细节。
tr	O	他穿着他平常的西装，并且他看到特蕾西时笑了。
tr	O	她一直对亚历山大很满意，对做他的妻子、做他的合著者都很满意，但是现在她不再是那些身份了。
tr	I	They seemed engrossed in conversation and their heads were close together .
tr	I	We looked up at the stars glimmering in the ceiling , and I cut the daylight .
tr	O	我看起来仍然像我自己，但是我感觉完全不同了。
tr	O	玛雅帮她做了一张生日卡片，并且它上周初就投邮了。
tr	I	I can 't stop myself and my h * ps buck .
tr	O	竹内适应半机械人的生活比我想象的要容易，而且他已经用他增强的身体能力折磨玛丽亚了。
tr	I	Both angels were now bleeding , panting , and the fight had lasted half an hour .
tr	O	它没有蓬勃发展，并且它也没有破败不堪。
tr	O	她差点问他要去哪里，但是那是女朋友需要知道的事情。
tr	O	我仔细听了，然而我未能理解。
tr	O	杜鹃花想过买一双和它们一样的，但是她正在为大学省钱。
tr	O	她当然已经把它们拿回来了，但是他很容易就能复制。
tr	I	She had perfect features , right down to her button nose and her long blonde hair fell in tight ringlets around her face .
tr	I	The angle was marred , but Brent turned , pushing his face against the window , struggling to see whatever the man was now staring at .
tr	I	He kept coming , still laughing , but I tried to flee from him .
tr	O	尘土在我们身后翻腾，并且我失去了他们的踪影。
tr	O	最初这个房间在我父母名下，但是他们本该把它转到我名下。
tr	I	If my nervous biting hadn 't worn it off by now , nothing would , but I knew I was probably smudging my lipstick .
tr	I	A decision has been made , but compare egos all you wish .
tr	O	他的表情充满了悔恨，然而我从他的目光中看到了决心。
tr	I	His face had darkened and his smile had faded .
tr	I	It passed , but for a moment the girl thought she saw a wave of sorrow wash across the angel 's face .
tr	I	Every time I looked down , my vision slanted , but I concentrated on planting my feet on the line .
tr	I	I run out into the hall and my hands drop to my sides .
tr	O	卡桑德拉很幸运，并且她知道这一点。
tr	O	我知道搬回镇上并不理想，但是身无分文，那是我唯一的选择。
tr	O	两个男人交换了一个眼神，并且我向门口走了一步。
tr	I	I never suspected how far she would go to ensure it , but I knew she wanted me to join her on the Council .
tr	I	I ran , the sound of boots hitting the grass all around me and the lights clicked off .
tr	I	My toes ached from the cold , and my shoes were full of water .
tr	O	我厌恶地扔下那件西装，并且麦迪又笑了。
tr	I	He was also fiercely loyal to those close to him , but Ares ' muscled frame was tall , his attitude fierce .
tr	O	他身上不怎么干净，并且他的呼吸像刚被重新打开的坟墓散发出的气味。
tr	O	他多年来一直期待着在瑞士狩猎雄鹿，并且他最终选择了今年来实现这个机会。
tr	I	We kissed each other eagerly and I slipped my tongue into her mouth .
tr	O	他们爱你，并且我们也是。
tr	I	I 'm curious as to why and he 's been talking to the young woman for some time now .
tr	I	His arms were around her , holding her tight , but Wave after wave rocked her body .
tr	I	She wasn 't so sure about herself , but maybe he could deal with the situation .
tr	I	His cognitive faculties had been steadily improving , but he didn 't really notice it .
tr	O	我知道那栋楼最终没有爆炸，但是我真的很感谢她把我救了出来。
tr	O	卢卡斯安静了一会儿，而且我不确定他是否会回答我。
tr	I	Her legs wouldn 't move , but Zoey tried to take a step backward .
tr	I	It had always stood her in good stead and that was advice Virginia had given her as a child .
tr	I	Most of the time she lost control , and she found it hard to stop herself from snapping at him .
tr	O	即使我开车时，也只花了十五分钟，而且雅各布开得比我快。
tr	O	我们无法改变它对我们来说不是它本该是的地方，但是我们可以为自己创造一些东西。
tr	O	他仍然不能告诉任何人，但是他决定查清关于加纳的一切。
tr	I	I don 't think he is , and I 'm not that good though .
tr	I	I didn 't understand what was happening when I Awakened and it was like he was drawn .
tr	O	他冷冷地记下，并且他得到一个冷酷的笑容作为回应。
tr	O	我前一阵子看了一眼，悄悄地走到床边，而且她几乎打着鼾。
tr	O	他的话语很自信，但是他的西装却在冒汗。
tr	I	She can 't see it , yet she 's deserves so much better than that .
tr	I	The magic was Oliver Russell , and Everything was touched with magic .
tr	I	I was instantly filled with sweet , satisfying relief and my jaw dropped to the floor .
tr	O	她在我脑海里对他咆哮，并且声音从我嘴里流泻出来。
tr	I	Asher is hovering over me and I 'm rolled to my back .
tr	O	她的惯性把她带回悬崖边，并且海文扭动身体面向着陆点。
tr	O	他是“家园草甸”的创始成员之一，并且是他的家族真正拥有那片土地。
tr	I	Abby seemed very interested about his stories and Laurence was talking about his dance competitions .
tr	I	He groaned aloud , and she gave a tentative rotation .
tr	O	不确定她是认为尼古拉斯很古怪，或者她正要让他从警长手中救她。
tr	O	斯凯拉选择我的那一天会到来，但是我感觉糟透了，在前往那里的路上碾压了洛根。
tr	O	费丝抬起头，并且她的眼睛在她看到他时睁大了。
tr	O	然后我们听到楼上传来一声巨大的撞击声，并且我们冲上去看发生了什么。
tr	I	Jones always seemed to sense his presence , always acknowledged him , but most folks would not have been aware that Walker was there .
tr	I	I don 't think there was anything I could have said that would help , and I didn 't know what to say .
tr	O	女孩笑了，露出她自己整齐的牙齿，并且她的眼睛发出炽热的蓝光。
tr	O	我发动了摩托车，但是科尔只是站在那里。
tr	I	I 've seen him disappear somewhere over there on more than one occasion but I 've never gone inside with him .
tr	O	马德里加尔听不见说了什么，但是她能想象得到。
tr	I	She couldn 't let go but Relief started sliding through her .
tr	O	有时我会叫醒他，并且有时我会让他睡觉。
tr	I	I couldn 't break free but I grabbed his wrists .
tr	O	他们把火把放在干草上，并且动物们开始不安得很厉害。
tr	O	简和她一起走到镇上，并且他们在市场街底部告别了。
tr	I	He doesn 't argue , but the corners of his mouth twitch .
tr	O	雅克斯教练把我从树林里抱出来，并把我放在了连接在雪地摩托车后面的担架上。
tr	O	经过了四个筋疲力尽的小时，协议才达成，并且罗马才最终得以结束会议。
tr	O	我昨天向食堂阿姨要了一份额外的甜点，并且她免费给了我。
tr	O	他安慰了她，但是她不相信。
tr	O	贝奥恩勇敢地讲着话，但是他的声音连同他的身体仍然暴露出他灵魂的疲惫。
tr	I	He wanted me to have it and he did love that car .
tr	I	I twisted my lips and my shoulders slumped .
tr	O	他没有回答，但是凯莉知道他的意思。
tr	I	She could tell he was just as nervous as she was and he sounded eager for the meeting .
tr	O	他牵着她的手，并且他们走向房子。
tr	I	I 've let them in with no questions and they 've accepted me with open arms .
tr	O	他确实游历过中国，但是那已经是将近四百年前的事了。
tr	I	There was a hot pink bra thrown on the center of my floor , and I hadn 't thought to clean up my room .
tr	O	教堂的灯光变暗了，并且每个人都点燃了他们的蜡烛。
tr	I	Some of the crowd did as well , and he chuckled .
tr	I	Nobody ever asked and nobody could figure how .
tr	O	我受不了我生命中曾经的单调，但是有了你，它将永远不再无聊。
tr	O	这是一个枪声，并且孩子们开始跑起来。
tr	O	我向他推去，并且我能感觉到他在微笑。
tr	I	They needed the rest , and Dawn was only a few hours away .
tr	O	小花已经开放了，并且树枝上满是新生的花蕾。
tr	I	Winkler was important everywhere , but her dad was an important man in Boise .
tr	I	It had me wondering if they knew who I was , but I didn 't hear the one who said this .
tr	O	我怀疑我不是他的，并且这确实必须是双向的。
tr	O	他不太记得那个描述了，但是那个人肯定有一个。
tr	I	The voices stopped and a flashlight clicked on .
tr	I	That wasn 't the case at all , but I 'd accused him of bailing .
tr	I	I was going to enjoy doing it , and I was about to call his bluff .
tr	O	我从未真正考虑过和他约会，而且我现在当然不想和他约会。
tr	O	她在一个炎热的夏天和他们一起训练了一个月，并且她的肌肉一想到他们艰苦的训练就疼痛不已。
tr	I	It was wonderful to bask in his caring and he cared about her .
tr	I	Her large bosom wobbled , and Mrs. Williams laughed .
tr	I	He could manage , but it was uncomfortable .
tr	O	天黑了，而且她不知道为什么这似乎不对劲。
tr	I	Sims entered and Evie could have screamed when there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	Gabe plucks it from my fingers and I hold up Sean 's card .
tr	O	把布莱克加入名单，并且他可能永远无法痊愈。
tr	O	他在她额头上轻吻了一下，并且她在一声呻吟中闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	我想帮助肖恩，但是戴克把我拖走了。
tr	O	货架边缘破碎的部分依然模糊不清，但是那个遥远景观中缺失的特征是无法错认的。
tr	O	格蕾丝的眼睛眯了起来，并且我希望我知道她在想什么。
tr	O	我完全失去了对汽车的控制，并且我们就在那个急转弯处。
tr	I	She ignored them for the dagger that lay on top , but there were clothes inside .
tr	O	比赛已经结束了，并且我们以五比二赢了。
tr	I	Riva smiled , and they clasped forearms briefly .
tr	I	He wove a path around loose blocks and his gaze was drawn to the fireplace .
tr	I	Blake stepped in and the elevator door opened .
tr	I	It was 2 in the morning and Mandi looked down at her iPhone .
tr	O	伊桑的呼吸卡在喉咙里，并且这吓了我一跳。
tr	O	它持续整整两周，并且狂欢可能会变得相当……失控。
tr	I	I shook my head , and he said .
tr	I	We were processing the last of the ice cream and the harvest was in .
tr	O	他的第一球不是太快，但是可怜的博在球穿过本垒时就已经在发抖了。
tr	I	She unhooked the chain and Perdita reached back around her neck .
tr	I	That dark blue shirt looked so clean , but she held her floured covered hands up wanting to embrace him .
tr	I	Again I could only form a choked croak , but I raised my head to call her name .
tr	O	巨浪拍打着船体，并且人们落水了。
tr	O	他紧紧地，非常紧地看着她，并且她相当确定他知道她在撒谎。
tr	O	他点的香槟放在桌上，并且他亲自拔开瓶塞，给他们俩各倒了一杯。
tr	O	她的眼底发烫，但是她已无泪可流。
tr	I	He fully understands the situation , and I 've talked with Brand .
tr	O	如果她被搁置一旁，她就会被毁掉，遭到辱骂，并且朋友不能允许这种事发生。
tr	I	One was her father and one was her lover .
tr	I	Her name was written on it in tiny letters but its worn leather cover didn 't have a title .
tr	I	The memories poured out and the door blew open .
tr	I	She kept talking , but that shadow of darkness loomed .
tr	I	An echo of one she had already paid him , and such a simple compliment .
tr	O	它看起来像父亲有时用的铅酸电池，但是它被一层厚厚的纯钛外壳包裹着。
tr	O	他试图对走进办公室的男人露出欢迎的笑容，但是那是在他看到是谁之前。
tr	O	比尔的獠牙露了出来，并且他的眼睛闪着光。
tr	O	绿植将她包围，并且她的头开始眩晕。
tr	O	我一直试图想象一个，但是我什么也想不出来。
tr	O	他感到一声尖叫从胸腔深处升起，但是他努力抑制住它。
tr	O	她的胃部收紧，并且她将双腿张开得更开，让他有更多空间。
tr	O	我最后抱怨了一句，但是我忍不住。
tr	I	His word was law , and my dad was absolutely the head of the household .
tr	O	一些仆人被带到这里，并且那些看起来不再受长生不老药影响的人逃进了树林。
tr	I	The inside of her nose began to tingle , and her eyes filled with angry , furious tears .
tr	O	灯光又闪烁了一下，并且这次熄灭了。
tr	I	They too were beginning to disappear , but only a few patches of brown hair still clung to the sides of his head above his ears .
tr	I	Some photos would accompany Jason 's letter , but she would keep most of the images private .
tr	O	我可以带你去，如果你喜欢的话，但是我们必须立刻离开。
tr	I	I applaud your bold tactics , and you have succeeded Base Administrator .
tr	O	有一种非常具体的方法来穿戴它们，并且我们从小就一直这样做。
tr	I	He leans back to watch as his fingers drive me toward the edge , and his lips suddenly leave mine .
tr	O	当人类第一次见到我们时，我们总是看起来像孩子，但是我们不是孩子。
tr	I	The surprise on her face made him sad for some reason , and he gave her a quick nod .
tr	O	另一块石头打中了他，并且他把手臂甩到头顶，努力保持平衡。
tr	I	The quiet was a heady thing and I stood next to him holding up the loose plank .
tr	I	Her tentacles loosened and the monster convulsed .
tr	O	他们受到了狭小空间的阻碍，但是他们人很多。
tr	I	I twirled a strand around my finger and my hand flew to my hair absentmindedly .
tr	O	我不确定我能否处理那里还有什么，并且我对搜寻一个精神病患者的思想毫无兴趣。
tr	I	He was there every night I woke up at 3 a.m. , but he worked two jobs , sixteen hour days .
tr	O	桌子已经开始坐满了，而且我还有工作要做。
tr	O	这已经过了十点多了，诊所应该已经关门了，但是里面却亮着灯。
tr	O	油漆工们正在完成楼下的房间，并且婴儿房的墙纸已经贴好了。
tr	O	我预见到前面会有问题，但是它们却没有发生，直到现在。
tr	O	也许人们会那样想，但是他们就是不说出来。
tr	O	我看向马奇，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	O	我抓住了它，并且他把我拉了起来。
tr	O	她是一个很好的倾听者，并且尽管她的思路时断时续，她也是一个很好的倾诉对象。
tr	O	赞恩翻动着泰，直到他们两个都从沙发上摔了下来，并且泰倒在地板上，赞恩则跨坐在他身上。
tr	O	她如此用力地摇了摇头，以至于头发都散落在肩上，但是她的眼睛却充满欢乐地闪烁着。
tr	O	我被拉了起来，并且我们都被推出了门外进入走廊。
tr	I	Looking back on them now they seem like only the run-up to the United Irishmen , but the next few years seemed very full at the time .
tr	I	I hear a noise and he opens his mouth .
tr	O	他的腿交叉着，并且穿着他所有的装备，在奇克看来像某种美洲印第安酋长。
tr	O	我只要说出你的名字，而且你就想要我。
tr	O	他问了，并且她点了点头。
tr	O	丹很吓人，而且布莱恩，嗯，他努力了。
tr	O	泰特市长的眼睛因这个手势而睁大了，但是他的表情很快就恢复了严肃。
tr	I	I said no , and Ron asked fearfully .
tr	I	Eventually he dozed , but it took some time to calm his mind .
tr	I	I looked into a little room , hardly more than a cupboard , with shelves all up the wall on one side and he opened a door .
tr	I	She never said I was there , but she said he 'd been rafting .
tr	O	土地是贫瘠的，而且气氛更是如此。
tr	I	Her fingers dug into her palms and her hands ran over her arms .
tr	O	似乎有个声音与这个说法相伴，但是 我却不知道那会是谁。
tr	O	她把手机给了他，但是她却没有走开。
tr	O	他重新开始，抓住我的头发，他更深地捅进我的嘴里。
tr	O	没有妖精在人行道上行走，并且马路显得诡异地空旷。
tr	O	他很痛苦，而且我看得出来。
tr	I	He had lived in New York a long time now , but Magnus had always thought of himself as a rolling stone .
tr	I	His aloof behavior made her feel nervous , but Kaylee was glad that he was remembering .
tr	I	Believing we had the time advantage , but we walked cautiously through the front rooms , cognizant of the twitching , awakening things on the floor .
tr	I	They should never have gone after the innocent , but it was one thing for his family to punish him .
tr	I	She desperately tried not to pass out and the throb in her head pounded relentlessly .
tr	I	I couldn 't move and I was on a hard table .
tr	O	他的名字是克莱德·霍金斯先生，并且他的妻子似乎很擅长烹饪美食。
tr	O	显然告别的话已经说过了，并且每个人都在忙自己的事情。
tr	O	它很可能已经被报失了，而且警方肯定会留意。
tr	O	她能听到伊莎贝尔担忧的吸气声，并且拉斐尔当然根本没有呼吸。
tr	O	我早些时候遇到的那个随和的家伙不见了，但是我想被攻击会让人变成那样。
tr	I	I hated sitting here at dinner , waiting to ask , and I longed to make this girl my wife .
tr	I	He saw the look of horror on her face when she saw the bandage , and he finally got the sheets up .
tr	I	She confided to me that she had a crush on the cute guy from Poughkeepsie and I had a sudden flashback to the summer Nettie turned twenty-two .
tr	O	我的下巴绷紧了，牙齿磨得咯咯作响，当我极力忍住想把呕吐物吐在他们脚上的冲动时。
tr	O	阿姨对个人空间没有顾虑，并且我看到他的脸紧贴在她丰满的胸部时，不得不憋住笑。
tr	I	I wondered if it would come to a fight , and we stood there , locked in antagonism .
tr	O	世界各国正看着世界上两大最强大的军事力量剑拔弩张，并且他们的心思转向了自我保护。
tr	O	我很害怕，但是那种感觉正在消退。
tr	I	Sebastian gave me another winning smile , but I frowned , wondering what he meant .
tr	O	她的眼睛因愤怒而燃烧，并且她竭尽全力地保持坐姿。
tr	I	To die like that , but J.D. had been ill ?
tr	I	His heart raced , and his palms were sweaty .
tr	I	I thought I 'd step in , but I guess it was normal at this age .
tr	I	They will bring more zombies with them and you call them this way .
tr	O	房间是天鹅绒手套，但是铁拳却近在咫尺。
tr	I	I slumped against the strong , comforting form of Simon and my legs gave way .
tr	O	我们需要他们的政府稳定，并且那意味着确保这个女孩的安全。
tr	I	The moonlight spilled softly across the bed , and the drapes were open .
tr	O	他们的主人要么在说实话，或者舞台错过了一个重要人才。
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，并且我的胸口僵住了，因为我感觉到身后有一个身体。
tr	O	另一阵紧张感席卷了她，但是她看不出有什么理由。
tr	I	My head was spinning and my breathing was ragged .
tr	I	Only his warmth could bring her back to life and she 'd been out in the cold too long .
tr	O	我将抓捕这个目标，并且谷将军会很高兴。
tr	O	他依偎在她的大腿之间，并且她臀部的每一次轻微移动都让他的身体感到电流通过。
tr	O	第8章 杜鹃没想到这会可能，但是她现在更讨厌万圣节了。
tr	O	我抓住了她的手腕，并且把它甩开。
tr	I	I shrugged my shoulders , and he looked up at me .
tr	I	Now he was leaving , and Ry had come to be an anchor for me .
tr	I	We 've got no response on any channels and just about all communications are down .
tr	I	The others cheered as he was inducted into their ranks and he almost choked on the thick substance before swallowing it down .
tr	I	As I look up , I see Ian instead , but I begin .
tr	O	我后退了一步，并且他试图冲过我走向门。
tr	O	它变成了一群人，并且这群人变成了一群暴徒。
tr	I	I turned around , and cried Noelle .
tr	I	His eyebrows rose indicating that he told me so , and he just had a smart-ass grin across his face .
tr	I	Even if he had , he wouldn 't have questioned it , but Joseph hadn 't known her intent to go through labor alone .
tr	I	She strained to see down through the blue moonlit trees , and something in the valley called her name .
tr	O	他已经想哭了，而且爸爸什么都没说。
tr	O	这不会要他的命，但是它确实奏效了。
tr	O	当他再次与她对视时，他的眼中流露出渴望，并且他注意到了她的举动。
tr	O	一小声不相信的笑声从她唇间溢出，并且她因那歇斯底里的声音而沮丧地捂住了嘴。
tr	O	“寺庙”这个词暗示着神职人员，而且有时候神职人员对现实并没有很强的掌控。
tr	O	小鸟落在伊娃身上，并且她给了它一颗坚果。
tr	I	It didn 't move at all , but I tried to speak to it .
tr	O	我记不起上次白天躺下是什么时候了，但是我感觉非常奇怪。
tr	I	She slid her arms about his neck , molding herself against his iron chest , and he released her .
tr	O	他的眼睛是睁开的，茫然地望着前方，而且他的头发看起来更卷曲了。
tr	I	We started for the house , and I jumped on his back .
tr	I	You put them in their place , and anyone fucks with you , Race .
tr	O	她的头歪向一边，而且她的眼睛是睁开的。
tr	I	I wanted to be as rested as I could but I knew that sleep was going to be optimistic .
tr	O	一个陌生的房间围绕着他，而且一条黑狗正枕着另一个枕头睡觉。
tr	I	The Island was mostly deserted , and much of New York City was now underwater .
tr	O	在他转向我之前，我有一刻时间打量他，而且就在那一秒，我再次感到双腿发软。
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，而且我发现自己疯狂地环顾大厅，心在胸腔里狂跳。
tr	O	是的，他把手放到脸颊上，而且他不再需要刮胡子了。
tr	O	这是他一直尝试的事情，但是穿过我身体的电流绝不允许那样。
tr	O	查尔斯停止了说话，并且他的眼睛短暂地眯了起来。
tr	O	我嘴里有股难闻的味道，并且我非常想喝水。
tr	O	我能感觉到我的眼皮沉重起来，并且如果洛基不停地摇晃我，我早就睡着了。
tr	O	哦，她并没有自欺欺人地认为自己已经破解了他所有的战术，但是她现在已经相当不错了。
tr	I	She ignored it , but a voice in her mind continued to nag at her to let Aunt Marilyn in on her secret .
tr	I	I have to , but I 'm sorry .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why , and the sound called to me .
tr	O	她伸向我，但是我退后了一步。
tr	O	我试着和他说话，但是他话不多。
tr	I	An organ strummed lightly from within the church and the lights were dimmed low .
tr	O	电梯发出“叮”的一声，并且当我们走出时，她给了我一个意味深长的笑容。
tr	I	I nodded , and said Walter .
tr	I	His expression was somber and his face was thin .
tr	O	我把打火机递给他，并且当他用完后，他把它扔进了山沟。
tr	I	The worry line creasing his forehead was still present , but he returned my smile .
tr	I	Inner beauty lasts forever , but outer beauty fades away .
tr	I	She could feel his heat all the way to her bones , but she couldn 't see him , even peripherally .
tr	I	It was like a shark grinning , and he smiled .
tr	I	I could hear again , and my ears popped .
tr	O	他的触摸透过层层布料灼烧着我的皮肤，并且我吸气太快以至于肺部塌陷。
tr	O	他的心跳骤升，并且砰砰声在他的耳边响起。
tr	O	她的目光射向他，并且她的眼睛因惊讶而睁大。
tr	O	她试图掰开我抓在她手腕上的手指，但是她没能成功。
tr	O	电梯门开了，并且我们都走了进去。
tr	I	Merrill backed up another step and claws formed on my fingers .
tr	O	它的鼻腔像蜗牛壳一样扭曲，并且它的下颚长满了参差不齐的牙齿，足以困扰牙医最黑暗的梦境。
tr	I	That was saying something , because Janet had made her favorite , a rich cheesecake laced with chocolate , and Luna barely tasted dessert .
tr	I	Examining it from every angle and picking apart the prince 's every command .
tr	I	His body screamed with tension , but her hero lowered his sword .
tr	O	这是我的世界，并且这些是我的角色。
tr	I	It was nearly there , and Killian wanted it to be fully dark .
tr	O	你说我们今天会走向幸福，并且你说的没错。
tr	I	She kept her face perfectly still , but her whole body was shaking .
tr	I	I reluctantly turn around and Luke calls out my name .
tr	O	我们知道塞巴斯蒂安的计划，并且他必须被阻止。
tr	I	They told me he was on assignment but I wanted him to get in touch with Meadows .
tr	I	He seemed about to speak to Garrett , and Ezra 's eyes widened as he looked at Jack .
tr	O	召集这份工作所需的人手花了几周时间，而且塔隆前一晚带着最后两人抵达了。
tr	I	That meant that he knew exactly what shutting her out would do , and Dean knew Lia better than any of us .
tr	I	Mentally let go of the threads holding her self-control together and she nodded slowly .
tr	O	我甚至扭动了手指，但是我够不着。
tr	O	他笑着，当他的衬衫在我们之间落下并且我皱起眉头时，拿起布料。
tr	I	I lie down in the bed and ten minutes after the pills go down my throat , drowsiness takes over .
tr	I	The smaller of the aliens started to sweat again , and George idly turned the food around in his hands .
tr	I	Everyone turned their attention towards their commander-in-chief and the bickering stopped .
tr	I	Then her first love had thrown her over , and both parents had deserted her .
tr	I	I will shoot or do it slowly .
tr	I	She stifled a gasp , and her eyes widened .
tr	I	Nothing is done illegally and this is highly protected .
tr	O	他一如既往地高深莫测，并且我被独自留下了。
tr	O	我的胃翻腾起来，并且有一瞬间我以为我要吐了。
tr	I	She didn 't want to take any chances , but she couldn 't tell .
tr	O	本没有注意到自己变得多臭，但是据他所知，也没有其他人注意到。
tr	O	他的脸又红了，但是他还是足够乐意地走上前。
tr	I	Deckard was exhausted from the effort and the effort was great .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure if she could , but she wanted to believe Meredith .
tr	O	足以摧毁硬盘以及上面存储的任何信息。
tr	O	如果他们在调查中发现什么，这可能会最终将他们引向我们，并且我们可能余生都将在监狱中度过。
tr	O	他的随身行李放在沙发旁边的地板上，但是没有任何迹象表明有人在房间里睡过。
tr	I	I was suddenly overcome by a firestorm of jealousy , and as I drove past them , her round belly registered in my brain .
tr	O	看着他们让我很不舒服，并且当轮到他们时我很感激。
tr	I	We all had dinner together that night , and it was seldom for both of them to be home at the same time .
tr	O	我把足球还给她，但是她把它推回到我手中。
tr	O	那些缓慢而绵长的波浪在微弱的光线中几乎像是熔化的银，并且它们庄重的节奏出奇地催眠。
tr	I	The hatred burns in her eyes , but her lips turn upward .
tr	O	那对已经走了很久了，但是其他的东西取代了它们的位置。
tr	O	我等了罗斯，但是他从未出现。
tr	I	Alonso wasn 't amazed by the plan itself , but the members kept on going .
tr	O	广播电台可能说它来得毫无征兆，但是蒙蒂认为到此时湖畔镇的每个人都已知道这场风暴来自何处。
tr	O	她正看着一个咖啡杯，但是里面的液体是乳棕色的，上面漂浮着一堆棉花糖。
tr	O	我曾亲身见过邪恶，并且我相信它是真实的。
tr	O	我的头发飞到我脸上，并且我徒劳地把它推开。
tr	I	She twisted around in time to see the small figure of a child race up the stairs and something shoved past her .
tr	I	I get the feeling nothing is going to be enough , but I can hear Grandma throwing out every argument she has .
tr	I	She hadn 't , but she could have .
tr	O	然后，佩顿用一个右钩拳打在莉亚的头上，但是莉亚在一个钩拳击中她的身体时让佩顿吃了一惊。
tr	O	我们经常谈论要孩子，并且这是一个绝佳的机会。
tr	I	That was no reason to take them seriously , but they might be interesting .
tr	I	He has even less interest in his people getting pulled into the public 's fear of vampires , and he wasn 't happy about making the announcement .
tr	O	我表示不介意，并且他进来了。
tr	O	她咬紧嘴唇以防止大声呻吟，但是剧烈的疼痛使她无法保持沉默。
tr	I	He would make a run for it and he hoped he could have it backed up near the trees .
tr	O	我知道我们都在差不多的时间失去了母亲，情况不同，但是你还有你的姐妹们。
tr	I	I didn 't break them , but I stretched them a bit .
tr	O	他的手指反射性地揉捏着柔软之处，并且她轻轻地呻吟着回应。
tr	I	Her feet wouldn 't move no matter how hard she tried to make them , but she wanted to go closer , desperate to see Carmine .
tr	I	It wasn 't him , but thinking it was Marcus , I was going to cut the damn phone off .
tr	I	Honestly , I wasn 't sure I could deal with going into Wide Mouth right now either , and I understood .
tr	O	我想他们知道从长远来看我会后悔的，并且他们可能也说对了。
tr	I	Both of them jumped and the phone rang .
tr	O	那里没有啦啦队，并且他曾多次为此谎言诅咒阿尼。
tr	I	The Wanderer took the bait , and I tried to act more stunned than I really was .
tr	I	I could feel the vibrations soaking into my skin , and his voice was so low it rumbled .
tr	O	当他沉浸在悲伤中时，我们发现联邦调查局对我有兴趣，并且他们的调查很快就滚雪球般扩大了。
tr	I	The way his hand was shaking , it seemed fishy to me , but he didn 't see me looking at him .
tr	O	那乌鸦似乎移开了视线片刻，但是它近侧的眼睛很快又回到了太郎身上。
tr	I	I look down into her eyes and I feel her head move .
tr	I	Natasha had already muscled her way to the front but I opened my mouth .
tr	O	她笑了，并且我打了个寒颤。
tr	I	She was positive she had never met him before , and he was not someone one was likely to forget meeting .
tr	I	I snapped my fingers and an idea crept in .
tr	O	特丽娜怒视了一眼，然后转过身去，但是那抹嘲讽的笑容从未离开她的嘴唇。
tr	I	Then starts murmuring into the phone , and the waitress shrugs , as if to say , ' suit yourself ' .
tr	I	A few wealthy families took advantage of it , and they offered designer babies for a premium price .
tr	O	截至目前是三对一，并且那些胜算肯定不利于我。
tr	O	他的手握住了把手，但是他没有打开，反而锁上了它。
tr	O	一阵笑声在人群中响起，并且布罗迪坐回了原位。
tr	O	他的恐惧和大多数初为人父者一样，或者至少和我见过的少数人一样。
tr	O	女王退缩了，并且一股浓稠的绿色液体从她颧骨上的伤口渗出。
tr	I	Their badges flash and their footsteps thud .
tr	I	I know she 's crying , and she makes a soft sniffing sound .
tr	O	电梯叮地响了一声，并且门开了。
tr	O	那些话语是沉默的，但是讥讽显而易见。
tr	O	我很自私，并且你是我的。
tr	O	她接着向前看，并且他们两个都走进了酒馆漆黑的门道。
tr	I	The older man collapsed on the floor , wailing and they screamed repeatedly .
tr	O	据说正在建造第二道墙，但是她看不到任何迹象。
tr	O	成为巫师会赋予你比大多数人更多的力量，但是它不会改变你的内心。
tr	O	观众跟着第二首歌拍手，并且当G5表演完那首曲子离开后，一架钢琴滚到了舞台中央。
tr	I	There was a satisfied smirk on her face and her eyes were wide .
tr	O	雷金纳德正在指导达米安，但是我把他们的话屏蔽了。
tr	I	The feeling intensified , but confused by the strange feeling , she tried to push it away .
tr	O	比阿特丽斯转过身，并且他们的目光相遇了。
tr	I	There was a thrilling , disturbingly sensual quality to it , but the energy was as dark as that of the lamp .
tr	I	He felt sick to his stomach , and it was as though the world had collapsed on him .
tr	O	烤架的味道扑鼻而来，并且我意识到我今天还没吃东西。
tr	O	曼迪的乳房活了起来，并且塞尔吉奥确保他的手在脱下T恤时抚过它们。
tr	I	Brightly lit , and it was the tallest in Carson 's Watch , the only two-story building besides the inn .
tr	I	I glared at him , and Benji sat next to me .
tr	I	The feeling was mutual , but Momma thought I was crazy .
tr	I	She went back to Martin 's room with him , and they got very drunk that night .
tr	I	She can 't be sure why , but his mouth twitches under his white beard .
tr	I	It was all I could do not to wince , and she sounded so excited .
tr	I	The bones snapped , and his grip was brutal as he twisted her hand .
tr	O	我们一起跑步，一起当服务员，一起拥有房子，并且他也曾是我创办的那家小公司的一员。
tr	O	她试着给他打电话，但是显然他关机了。
tr	I	He was stil a seriously badass Caster , but Macon Ravenwood wasn 't an Incubus anymore .
tr	O	绝望让我变得愚蠢、粗心，并且现在我得付出代价。
tr	I	She holds out her hand , and I offer her a smile .
tr	I	Still he didn 't move and Day edged into twilight .
tr	O	当他说出那些话时，我能看到他眼中的神情，并且他根本不想说那些话。
tr	O	我打开了门，并且他离开了。
tr	I	I know it won 't do much damage but I want to throw a pillow at Rob 's face .
tr	I	I didn 't want either of them to stop , but I wasn 't sure who to touch , who to grab .
tr	O	悲伤使他的眼睛黯然失色，并且他移开了视线。
tr	O	那位老人可能仍然举止如常，但是他看起来真是老了。
tr	O	他身后的壁炉里没有噼啪作响的炉火，并且宽大的双扇门另一侧也没有办公室的嘈杂声传来。
tr	I	Now there was room for pause , but in Adam 's previous life , he had fallen madly for Tamar this night .
tr	O	抽奖券的销售情况很好，并且我偷偷看了一眼无声拍卖桌上正在填写的一些文件。
tr	O	眼不见心不烦，但是这并不能让问题消失。
tr	O	他命令自己的身体移动，但是疼痛造成的轻微迟滞使他变得笨拙。
tr	O	我照他说的做了，并且他把药片放在了我的舌头上。
tr	I	Sparse vegetation told Bobo that there was almost no topsoil , and it was especially rocky out here .
tr	I	Her forte was dealing with the security agencies , but Laura was part of the same cell as Adam .
tr	I	I scoff , and he nods .
tr	I	He almost lost control when he felt her wetness and he moved his hand to her heat .
tr	O	她转向赫拉，并且她不情愿地看向光源。
tr	O	我们不再是无辜的了，并且永远也不会是。
tr	I	I shook it and he extended his hand .
tr	I	We started back for the gym and he wrapped his arm around me .
tr	O	这些年来她可能听到了一些事情，但是如果真是那样，它也已经融入了所有其他声音中。
tr	O	我的眼睛闭上了，但是走廊里的一个声音让它们猛地睁开。
tr	I	Her insides fluttered , and he smiled again .
tr	O	她通常要费很大劲才会哭，但是最近她似乎只在做这件事。
tr	O	他会是她的第一个爱人，并且无论他走后她有多少个，她都会记住他。
tr	O	等一下，并且我们再试一次。
tr	O	莉尔眨了眨眼，并且她的眼睛聚焦在他身上。
tr	O	我旋转着直到我找到了潜行者，但是他已经向我走来。
tr	I	I relaxed , comforted by her power , and I could smell the Earth on her .
tr	I	It 's a cover , but the mark is real .
tr	O	这让我清醒了一点，但是我仍然有些疏远。
tr	O	让脑海里那个小声音闭嘴，让它消失并且永远不要回来。
tr	I	It was love at first sight and they had met in high school .
tr	O	他看起来如此自信，如此确信自己的胜利，但是我知道一些他不知道的事。
tr	I	His eyes were now glued to the neck of the guitar and his fingers were positively flying .
tr	I	There 's been a bit of an uproar about it , and a guide dog was killed on the crossing a few weeks ago .
tr	O	服务员走过来，并且斯坦顿挥手示意她把盘子拿走。
tr	I	Most of the patrons turned back to what they 'd been doing before we entered and interest waned .
tr	O	他知道出事了，但是这看起来有点冒险。
tr	O	他二十岁，也许更年轻，但是我在他脸上看不到真正的怜悯。
tr	O	当然，我们几乎会为了任何理由杀人，但是伊琳·克莱恩看起来像是愿意为她的儿子而死。
tr	O	我只剩一年了，再过一年我就要跑了。
tr	I	Pussy held her down , stroking her clit , and she thrashed on the bed .
tr	I	He examined it closely , wondering what had provoked it and it was a new emotion for him .
tr	I	This feeling was agony , but it took away from some of the numb .
tr	O	哈丁顿停止了挣扎，并且他的脸上露出了天使般的表情。
tr	O	我一直这样告诉自己，但是现在，我的胃因他如此靠近而绞痛，我知道那是个谎言。
tr	O	这是他与林恩的第一次约会，并且他刚刚同意助长流言蜚语，这与他的性格完全不符。
tr	I	I 'll be right down and let me just put on some makeup .
tr	O	我试了走廊尽头的门，但是门是锁着的。
tr	I	I really did not want to know what was in his hurt soul and was not surprising the illness , which he had .
tr	O	我们在走廊里停了下来，并且我意识到我们已经到了目的地外面，那是学生会会议室。
tr	O	他又开始走路了，并且我跟在他后面几步远，努力让自己平静下来。
tr	I	The air was clean , but Sean sniffed the wind .
tr	I	She leaned into him , memorizing everything she could in that instant and short bursts of pain beat a staccato rhythm deep in her chest .
tr	O	布里克又拿出了镜子，并且她转向镜子，盯着自己的倒影。
tr	O	马克再次反对，但是布勒很坚持。
tr	O	我相信她和利亚掉进了巨魔设下的陷阱。
tr	I	Honestly I was half-asleep , but he said something about it last night .
tr	I	I need it , but don 't get it , don 't really want to .
tr	I	What other tribute could I give to such a fine gift , but ok , it was awful ?
tr	I	I knew he viewed Mistral as a threat , but I wasn 't sure how he felt about Abe .
tr	I	I won 't agree to wed you and I won 't walk down it willingly .
tr	I	He 'd wait for her to contact him , but he would clear up matters with Blythe .
tr	O	埃利奥特敲了敲司机的车窗，并且车辆开始向前驶去，开启他们前往机场的旅程。
tr	I	His hands roamed over her backside and his head descended as he locked his lips on hers .
tr	O	我的目光落到手术刀上，并且我畏缩了一下。
tr	O	每一场演出，我看着布林一点点地展露自我，并且每个人都喜欢它。
tr	O	一股焦虑涌遍全身，并且我从床上弹起，在去淋浴的路上脱掉衣服。
tr	I	That won 't matter , but you 'll lose more than your share of battles .
tr	I	I couldn 't understand what they were saying , but faint voices called to me from behind .
tr	O	我用头示意他过来，并且他像一只急切的小狗一样蹦了过来。
tr	I	I didn 't care where he had gone but I heard a door slam behind me .
tr	O	艾莉听到她身后传来低语声，但是她顾不上担心那个。
tr	O	这不是我活动的首选，但是我愿意给它一个机会。
tr	I	It was bit too loud , but I laughed .
tr	O	他听起来很有说服力，但是我仍然很担心。
tr	I	He was going to start by helping them , and his friends needed his help .
tr	O	霰弹枪输入了他的密码，并且小机器发出了蜂鸣声。
tr	O	我感觉自己像是在被说教，但是同时，我又很喜欢它。
tr	I	All too frequently , disturbances occurred between the two groups , and eventually we had two distinct factions .
tr	I	He knows Realm has taken it before , or because either he knows I was given the pill .
tr	I	I opened a granola bar , and it was time to eat .
tr	I	Her father worked with the sunlight and it started to get warmer out .
tr	I	It didn 't seem like the right time , but I thought about telling him what I found .
tr	O	所有船只都在大城市上空停留多年，然而它们总是靠近水边。
tr	I	My heart skipped a beat , and his smile spread into a full one .
tr	I	For the first time he noticed how tense he 'd been and the muscles in his body relaxed .
tr	I	Her need to control her absurd imagination and she 'd yelled at Elise about her selfishness .
tr	I	I 'd thought it would be tighter , and the dress didn 't have a bit of give in the silken fabric .
tr	I	She liked that feeling , and she belonged to him now .
tr	I	It returned to her , and Abby pulled the sword back .
tr	O	大多数人继续行进，但是不少人正赶过去观看。
tr	I	There was really nothing to say , but Gabby opened her mouth to respond .
tr	I	He would never have allowed himself to bail , but he 'd been struggling with this assignment ever since Francesca became involved in it .
tr	O	几个声音回应了，并且他跑了回去。
tr	I	He held my face close to his and immediately his other hand cupped my cheek .
tr	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且她看起来很惊讶。
tr	I	Pure bliss came over his face , and then he bit down .
tr	I	I didn 't like the commotion it caused inside me , but I didn 't know what to make of his apology .
tr	I	Another light approached , and more footsteps sounded .
tr	I	He made a small kissing motion and she placed her finger on his lips .
tr	I	I just needed the demons , but more like two hundred would do .
tr	I	The house was lit , but Night had fallen again .
tr	O	黛利拉知道他的一切，而且他对她一无所知。
tr	I	The pay 's a little better , but thirty hours a week to begin with .
tr	I	I knew it was stiff , but I smiled back .
tr	I	Something held me back , but I trusted him .
tr	I	Nobody dare look around and everybody kept to themselves .
tr	O	加文记得一切，并且他清楚地记得通往豪宅的路。
tr	O	他的笑容是胜利的，并且这刺痛了她的骄傲。
tr	O	我走了进去，并且立刻一股寒意掠过我身。
tr	I	Blazing sunlight temporarily blinds me , and James squeezes my hand just before we explode out of the door .
tr	O	他曾希望那是归来的珍妮，但是取而代之的是，罗密欧·巴芬顿神采奕奕地跳了进来。
tr	I	I was startled to see that the smoke was right on our heels and I glanced over my shoulder to the other side of Brad .
tr	I	Then James leans over to whisper to me , and it 's quiet for a moment .
tr	I	Although his words knocked me off-kilter , there was nothing I could do , and sorrow rose in my throat , nearly overcoming me .
tr	I	It was beginning to take a toll on her , and she hadn 't slept well in weeks .
tr	O	布莱奥妮以为她要被训斥一顿，但是简似乎更专注于取回她珍贵的文件。
tr	I	His shirt was unbuttoned to the waist , and his shoulder-length hair was windblown .
tr	O	随着黎明临近，他会为我们的夜晚盖上盖子，并且我们会一起依偎在黑暗中。
tr	I	I think he liked to pretend they never existed after I got in trouble with the cops , but I couldn 't have .
tr	O	他眨了眨眼，并且我心醉神迷。
tr	O	中餐送到了，并且他们默默地吃着。
tr	O	除了维多利亚猛烈跳动的心和急促的呼吸。
tr	O	雨停了，并且湖面看起来很诱人。
tr	O	也许一开始我以为我们会在一起，但是过了一会儿，我就没有强求了。
tr	O	那个野兽藏在黑暗中，并且没有人能看到它。
tr	I	Then drove to an outdoor shooting range tucked in one of the many canyons of the California mountains , and they stayed for lunch , appeasing Mary .
tr	I	The shopkeeper he purchased it from had warned Mister Morris that there are consequences to what one wishes for , but it could somehow grant three wishes .
tr	O	女王用两条腿走路，但是它行走中的某些地方却有些微妙的异常，仿佛是在表演一个把戏，而非自然地移动。
tr	I	His eyes misted over with tears , and his finger moved off the trigger .
tr	O	他们乘涡轮升降机下了几层楼，并且他们走到了他的房间。
tr	I	This time , she was grateful for it , and the numbness was back .
tr	O	突然间，那只手把他放下了，并且那只鸟一动不动地躺着。
tr	I	Even though it 's stupid , I can 't shake the feeling that we are being watched , and the hair on my neck is standing up .
tr	O	我现在对一切都无所谓了，并且我也不会再为达妮卡心烦意乱。
tr	O	她很清楚他的腿有多近，但是她却无法让自己挪开。
tr	O	我想再次往他脸上吐口水，但是我却承受不住头部再受到任何打击了。
tr	I	I moan softly , and he draws me nearer to him .
tr	I	I turned to the man sleeping next to me , and she walked out of the room .
tr	O	改变带来了痛苦，并且它所伤害的一些人已经试图反击了。
tr	O	Rena半心半意地想追他，但是那不属于他们的交易。
tr	I	She didn 't seem to notice it , but Blood dripped down her arms .
tr	O	他的下颚肌肉绷紧，并且他的嘴唇抿成一条细线。
tr	I	The idea is to use both rovers , but NASA is still working on the details .
tr	I	Aunt Jen flanked their daughter , taking her hands and Mike got a close-up of Uncle Harold as he .
tr	I	Savannah nodded toward the house , and Tim went back to his seat .
tr	I	She answered and he asked questions .
tr	I	His guard picked it up and just then the phone rang .
tr	I	It sounded like the nurses were changing rotations , and it was still dark outside .
tr	I	Then you pull me out of the lunchroom in front of everyone , but you want me to act like I don 't know you !
tr	I	I could tell that she wasn 't her usual self , but she ushered us into the living room .
tr	O	哦，他们会尝试在各自不同的学校里保持联系，但是最终，这行不通。
tr	O	那个男人将在极大的痛苦中死去，并且那个女人将在一旁看着。
tr	I	His eye met with Mendoza 's and one of the chieftains looked over .
tr	O	她拨弄着衬衫上的一个扣子，并且弗朗哥挣扎着突然想把她的衣服扒光。
tr	I	The sight of Delilah 's small see-through lacy panties had him hypnotized , but Boone tried not to stare .
tr	O	我刚刚在走廊里高潮了，并且如果我没能收拾好自己，我走到车边会非常尴尬。
tr	O	是的，我完全了解我的名声，但是我真的不喜欢杀人，除非有必要。
tr	I	It had devastated him more than anyone could have imagined , and I 'd betrayed him .
tr	O	我知道我心烦意乱，并且埃勒察觉到了。
tr	O	你的兄弟无法拥有她，并且他气疯了。
tr	I	I failed to react otherwise , but my eyes flickered .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be enough to save them , but Erin had done a good job .
tr	I	His legs gave out , dropping him to the floor with no warning , and jess reached for the back of the chair .
tr	I	I feel my cheeks go up in flames and I see his mouth drop open a tiny bit .
tr	O	天色仍然很暗，但是我们又不是在偷偷接近他们。
tr	I	His strong arms circled my waist , but I went to leave my room .
tr	O	他的指尖仍然触碰着她的，并且她能感觉到他的皮肤贴在她皮肤上的温暖。
tr	I	She knew she could use a fresh pair of clothes , but thank goodness the rest of her was still clean .
tr	O	他知道她去了她母亲的老房子，但是如果有什么紧急情况发生，她会打电话的。
tr	O	我休班了，这很罕见，并且我被允许休息。
tr	I	A swarm of birds descended upon it , but the mech wolf prepared to charge again .
tr	O	我检查了她的血液，并且里面没有寄生虫。
tr	I	I can feel her love for me radiating , wrapping around me like an ethereal glove , and her eyes close .
tr	I	It wouldn 't get rid of the smoke , but the ventilation system struggled .
tr	I	The apparitions are all staring at us , but they are laid out on the ground , unmoving .
tr	I	Her words painted the rest , but before , I only had half a portrait of her .
tr	O	我知道有时球员的女朋友会去看比赛，但是我并不认为我完全符合那个身份。
tr	O	它以前可能是一个仓库，但是它的仓储功能早已不复存在。
tr	O	昆恩似乎不情愿地将注意力从我身上移开，但是他仍将手臂放在我身后的雅座上。
tr	I	It may be needed within the city , and Juan here speaks English poorly .
tr	O	我相信你已经意识到了这一点，但是蔡斯在追求自己想要的东西时非常固执己见。
tr	O	他不应该威胁她，并且他说要申请监护权以便从她身边带走布拉德利，这本身就是威胁。
tr	O	他有一双湛蓝的眼睛，并且他看起来比抱着他的颤抖的巨人平静得多。
tr	I	She shook her head and her mouth fell open .
tr	O	仍拖着断绳，她跑到他身边，扑了下去，手温柔地放在他的背上。
tr	O	阿吉只想能够够到收音机，但是至少我仍然可以在没人注意的情况下看着托马斯。
tr	O	她举起自己的杯子，与他的碰了一下，并且他们喝了。
tr	O	组织被整合了，并且相应的成果是可衡量的。
tr	I	I hadn 't given it much thought , but I 'd been fielding variations of that same query all weekend .
tr	I	I helped him shrug out of his tuxedo jacket , and he nodded .
tr	O	突然我意识到我正死死地抓住长凳的边缘，并且我的指尖已经麻木了。
tr	I	He studied me intently and his eyes widened briefly .
tr	I	Magnus beheld the room within , and she opened the door .
tr	O	我知道卡利俄珀想让我死，但是她正在利用你。
tr	O	它们有毛皮磨损前特有的柔软，并且她的脚感到很舒服。
tr	I	He could provide human contact , a human voice , but Roy didn 't need to know his dilemma .
tr	O	朱莉没有看到他把香烟按进她的手臂，但是当她感到灼痛时，她的挣扎加剧了。
tr	I	At the moment , Jonah seemed like the bigger threat , but maybe Butch hadn 't gone inside for the night yet .
tr	O	他的母亲有一种虚伪地解读真相的能力，但是霍克放任了这件事。
tr	I	Her decision changed depending on which way she viewed the situation and she had an important choice to make .
tr	I	He pulled out her claiming chain and she stopped when his long finger hooked on something under the material of her slacks .
tr	I	He probably had an agenda , but he might have saved her life .
tr	O	门关上了，并且一位年长的女人走下台阶。
tr	O	他们说当你快要死去的时候，你的一生会像电影一样在眼前闪回，但是那并不完全正确。
tr	I	She shook her head as she smiled reassuringly at him , but Devon was studying her with concern .
tr	I	Disappearing into a tangle of mesquite , and a Harris antelope squirrel darted along the rocks , tail curled across his back .
tr	I	His head began to spin and he gulped down his wine .
tr	O	后台区域光线昏暗，并且我们慢慢地循着声音走过去。
tr	I	Eva will have my ass , or call me back .
tr	O	他指着其中一把空椅子，并且她滑入其中，双臂交叉。
tr	O	这会有点挤，但是我相信彼得会喜欢威尔的陪伴。
tr	O	JC知道她在抓住救命稻草，但是那是她所拥有的一切。
tr	I	Now I will take you as well , but I will still take her of course .
tr	I	She didn 't come , but he watched for her .
tr	O	在其中一个出口，奥利弗正在用椅子砸窗户以便更多人逃生，并且在另一个出口我看到了莱利。
tr	O	卡的眼睛里的颜色似乎亮了起来，并且我能感觉到他的精神也开始振奋起来。
tr	O	他的嘴唇无声地念着我听不到的话，但是我猜那是祈祷词。
tr	O	他的声音已经更低沉了，并且他已经比我高好几个月了。
tr	I	I thought about the rules , and I thought about what we had lost .
tr	O	她声称没有家人，没有家，并且她在全国失踪儿童数据库中没有匹配到任何儿童。
tr	I	Another kick to his head followed , and Mike toppled over onto his back .
tr	I	He dislikes that the prince 's eye has now wandered , and he has always considered himself Enzo 's best fighter .
tr	I	It came with the special but it wasn 't beer .
tr	O	他伸出手，并且她研究了一下才把手放进他的手里。
tr	O	爱丽丝留着那种精灵短发，并且她是那种天生嘴唇饱满的女孩之一。
tr	I	We exited the room to join the others and I checked my look in a small mirror .
tr	O	我们临时观众席上传来几声窃笑，但是莉亚没有理会他们。
tr	I	He refused to let me go , but moaning in protest , I tried to squirm away .
tr	I	She gestures me to sit down and I ask .
tr	O	奥维尔似乎又要说俏皮话了，但是他忍住了。
tr	O	玛丽亚把我带回主舱房中间的一把木椅前，并且我笨拙地坐下了。
tr	I	Jennifer stopped in front of her , and she didn 't hide well enough .
tr	I	Mom shot him a look that froze him in place on the stairs , but Balthazar started to come , too .
tr	O	她的双唇微启发出一声轻吟，并且我凑上前去，与她的舌头交缠。
tr	O	河流很美，并且他铺开了一条毯子在盛开的卷丹百合花丛附近。
tr	O	试图警告她有关动物的事情，但是杰克想让她穿那件暴露的衣服给人群看。
tr	I	She can see the veins in his forearms turning a deep blue , and Liam 's fingers are curled into his palms .
tr	O	他的气息在她脸颊边很温暖，并且她挣扎着保持镇定，感到一阵酥麻。
tr	I	I eventually present myself to the vault clerk , and she directs me on down the line .
tr	O	我回头看，并且他已经不见了。
tr	I	I was out , and Purple mist surrounded me .
tr	I	We drove up a lane that had big trees on each side that made a canopy above us and the gate man let us in .
tr	O	我沉溺在他的眼神中，并且我不知道该说什么。
tr	O	她容光焕发的脸出现了，并且她打开了窗户。
tr	O	她知道制作它时的感受，并且她知道现在看着它时的感受。
tr	I	There was a light breeze blowing the curtains gently and the windows were open to bright sunlight .
tr	I	There was something in his face when she left , but I guess the fact he 's out after so many months is difference enough .
tr	I	I 'm not a mind reader , but I may be a few IQ points ahead of the rest of the curve .
tr	O	肖恩试图把我从盖伯身边拉开，但是我知道那个老家伙不会伤害我们。
tr	I	Kelsey had given Spencer her room 's code , and the dorm was trying out a new keypad system of entry into the rooms instead of keys .
tr	I	She feared she 'd gone too far and his shoulders tensed at her last statement .
tr	I	Then she seemed to dismiss the entire matter , but she paled as if he 'd struck her .
tr	I	We have nothing that gives a clue , but I checked our data on the system .
tr	I	He pushed my hands away , a wicked grin playing on his lips but I fumbled with the side zipper of my skirt .
tr	I	I guess my luck has finally worn off , but I think of how the two left me .
tr	O	一周过去了，并且这次她将得到一个两小时的预约。
tr	I	He was still bleeding when I 'd left him , but I 'd almost expected the asshole to follow me .
tr	I	Damn did I resent it , but it wasn 't her fault .
tr	O	弱者没有受到关注，并且文化失去了其独特性。
tr	O	他们都是他的朋友，并且他能预见他们将面临灾难。
tr	O	我的束身衣为了容纳这三人而松开了，但是我偶尔仍然感到无法呼吸。
tr	O	它不会是我最喜欢的毒药，但是我相信我会得到足够的快感。
tr	O	我僵住了，以为他会坐在我旁边的沙发上，但是他却坐在了我右边的椅子上。
tr	I	The embarrassment seems to have come back to haunt him , but he was quite a young man then .
tr	I	Any light at the end of her tunnel was a positive , but the call had been totally unnecessary .
tr	O	我以为可以把他当成朋友，但是自从我们从罗马尼亚回来后，他一句话也没对我说过。
tr	O	头顶上传来轻微的敲击声让我抬头看去，但是我当然什么也没看到。
tr	I	Her father looked at Mackenzie , expressionless and the front door opened back up .
tr	I	I knew that it would soon crash against my shore , and I felt a tidal wave of euphoria rising within me .
tr	O	女服务员给他们的马克杯倒满了咖啡，并且杰米搅拌进了大量的奶油。
tr	I	He didn 't , but she was hoping he 'd leave it at that .
tr	O	他的嘴唇终于传到了他的耳朵，并且传来了逃跑的脚步声。
tr	I	He felt Frank 's sincerity , but if he 'd felt his presence was endangering Jay , he would have walked away from her that minute .
tr	O	街灯不太能照到露台，并且外面的灯也没有打开。
tr	I	He 's still breathing , but he gurgles water with every breath .
tr	I	I don 't try to blink them away , and tears well up in my eyes .
tr	O	翻阅她记忆的冲动牵动着他，但是他抵抗住了。
tr	O	承认这一点让我很恼火，但是我意识到我确实想念他了。
tr	O	我没想到会有人在那里找到它们，但是我也没有想到会是我女儿留下线索。
tr	O	朱莉真正想做的是掐死他，但是不幸的是，那也是一种犯罪。
tr	O	她挑起眉毛，睁大眼睛问道，仿佛对谈话着迷一般。
tr	I	This time he let me go , and I pushed hard against his chest .
tr	I	His mouth was everywhere else , stroking , squeezing , flicking , playing , tasting , driving me mad with need , and his hands were everywhere .
tr	I	She pointed to an armchair , and no coffee was offered .
tr	I	I thought maybe Josh had told her already and she didn 't seem surprised to hear it .
tr	I	I pushed myself to my feet , and he stood up , releasing me .
tr	I	His fury mounted , and it took at least ten seconds .
tr	O	稍微喝醉一点可能会增加她的勇气，但是喝得烂醉会阻碍她。
tr	I	I relished the feeling and Sweat trickled down my neck .
tr	I	Anna had happily agreed , and Steven 's father had offered to escort her .
tr	I	He has his own logic , but Whitney may be a megalomaniac .
tr	I	His words hurt , but she knew it was a joke .
tr	O	我试图把它拔出来，但是刀刃纹丝不动。
tr	I	He dropped Sebastian 's hand , but Finn glared back at me .
tr	I	Something was always missing , but I 'd even tried replicating it .
tr	I	The look became a stare , and he looked at each agent in turn , until he got to me .
tr	I	You know that I 'm right , but isabella , I realize that this won 't be easy for you .
tr	O	他希望诺克斯能成功杀死她，并且他希望那两页丢失的页面已经找到。
tr	I	She didn 't draw away , but her legs brushed his chest , the water running down him soaking the ends of her dress .
tr	I	I blinked as my eyes adjusted and Light flooded the room .
tr	O	我停顿下来，让他说话，但是他却没有。
tr	O	这次他退缩了，并且我开始担心了。
tr	O	那样的事情不应该是什么大不了的，但是对她来说却是件大事。
tr	I	She watched as red dirt clumped to the ground from his cleats , and Alex tapped his bat against first one foot , then the other .
tr	I	Over the ground there crept a darkness blacker than the night ; but Stars were shining above .
tr	I	Not because I 'm bored , but I yawn .
tr	I	I didn 't have the energy to move again for several minutes , and just that small motion had exhausted what little strength I had left .
tr	O	卡梅伦在追求目标时冷酷无情，并且他不允许任何人拖慢他的速度。
tr	O	控制很迟钝，并且飞机很难操控。
tr	I	She yelped , and I smacked her ass .
tr	O	我直到现在从未吃过泰勒做的饭，而且我印象相当深刻。
tr	I	It was raining too hard to see anything clearly , but Luis looked out the back window .
tr	O	她和我同龄，十七岁，但是她却试图装得更老成。
tr	I	The newbies would be doing all the work but we knew what we asked of him was no small tasks .
tr	O	我可能化妆有点过头了，但是，嘿，那会是一个超级高雅的夜晚。
tr	I	Her mind was speeding at a million miles a minute , and it was just kicking in .
tr	O	他为她打开了车门，并且她坐了进去。
tr	I	Then there she was , and we came to the clearing .
tr	I	Yet it was unbelievable even to her , and she 'd lived through all of it .
tr	O	我十七岁，并且那正是我所需要的。
tr	O	她的眼神黯淡了下来，并且她立刻滑到了沙发最远的一端，舒展着她修长苗条的身躯。
tr	I	At last the launch time drew near , but the past three days had been busy .
tr	O	他移到我上方，悬停着，调整着姿势，而且我伸手到一侧，在床垫边缘下方。
tr	O	我能听到她在收银台，熟悉的商品扫码声，并且她付款时和店员说话。
tr	O	她没有点头，但是她只是略微咬了咬上嘴唇。
tr	I	I pulled my hand from his cheek and he stirred .
tr	O	我的父母爱我，但是这不是一回事。
tr	O	我们可以告诉大家，但是那会达到什么目的呢？
tr	O	无论如何，无论我多么受伤，他都是我的丈夫，而且我爱他胜过一切。
tr	I	The resolve in his gaze tells me I have no choice , but I hesitate , wondering if I can get out of telling him .
tr	I	It felt like the walls were closing in on me and I could feel the blood drain immediately from my face .
tr	I	The appropriate screen came up and Jake punched in some numbers on his computer .
tr	O	我想我们现在可以放下华尔兹了，但是你还有很多其他的舞蹈要学。
tr	I	He could be shady , or Ben could be fine .
tr	I	Little details still escaped her sometimes , but she remembered most things .
tr	I	There was also talk of a class action lawsuit , and she said there were countless , upset , angry parents .
tr	O	他用颤抖的双手盖上那条脏旧的床单，但是他没有尝试去触碰那个男孩。
tr	I	It was the same warm smile Lara had imagined , and Philip Adler was moving toward them , smiling .
tr	O	她强颜欢笑，他确信她并非真心，并且对她幸福的真正担忧刺痛了他的心。
tr	I	Her trembling increased and he chuckled when his words caused her blush to deepen .
tr	I	I could see the fire in his eyes and ten minutes later , Marshall came in .
tr	O	这是我现在能给你的，但是将来会有更多。
tr	O	他过去曾与俄罗斯达成很好的交易，但是最近莫斯科变得贪婪，要求更大的份额。
tr	I	I leaned against a counter for support , and the announcement caught me like a blow .
tr	I	Her control slipped under her lust for more , and the earthy scent of him filled her head .
tr	I	The blotch of urine surely showing on his jeans surely betrayed that fact by now , but he tried to mask the fact that she startled him .
tr	O	赛比尔只需看你一眼就能读懂它，而且里斯是其中最好的之一。
tr	O	突然马匹开始小跑，并且所有的随从都加快了步伐。
tr	I	A small blue glow appeared at the tip of each , and she clicked them on .
tr	I	They dove for cover , but I missed .
tr	I	I revel in their eccentricities , and they are individuals .
tr	O	克莱尔没有睡觉，但是她躺在床上，整天都在那里，紧紧地蜷缩着，想着大卫。
tr	I	No one would hear and she 'd take her little darling on a bike ride out where he could squeal in delight as much as he wanted .
tr	O	这个地方甚至看起来没有开门，但是克雷西达推开前门，发出不和谐的叮当声。
tr	I	Then I 'd regret not taking this chance , and I could get raped by some cretin tomorrow .
tr	I	She just couldn 't muster enough strength but as he rose over her once again , Eva tried to be mad at him .
tr	O	梅丽莎除了德文的到来，没有看到任何关于他的事情，并且克里斯无法看懂他。
tr	O	他右手拿着一把火焰之剑，并且火焰在他眉心处如一道炫目的头饰般燃烧。
tr	I	Instead , I had the impression of a dark figure , but it should be the guards on watch shifting positions to stay alert .
tr	I	That quickly faded as another contraction started , but Peggy smiled .
tr	I	She had helped me get a job and Thalia had been such a good friend .
tr	I	I felt my stomach clench as Luke pushed me towards my breaking point and it was increasing .
tr	O	先生完成了他的第一次猎杀，并且约书亚为他感到无比自豪。
tr	I	An odd quiver passes through my belly and Will trains his aquamarine eyes on me .
tr	O	他向服务员点了点头，但是她能看出他很生气。
tr	I	Though I don 't manage to move forward , I 'm also not thrown back , and I 'm clinging to my energy with a manic desperation .
tr	O	这些老房子倒塌并不罕见，并且他小心翼翼地走向厨房。
tr	I	She would be none the wiser , and he could swiftly install one in her rooms .
tr	O	我们首场比赛前一天，教练宣布了首发阵容，并且我获得了控球后卫的首发机会。
tr	I	We left for Denny 's and several minutes later Mom arrived .
tr	O	我感觉自己缓慢地抬起了踩在刹车上的脚，但是车子猛地向前冲了一下，直到我再次猛踩下刹车。
tr	I	Now her husband stands accused of treason and her attempt to help him advance his diplomatic career went terribly wrong .
tr	O	那是白天，而且艾玛是吸血鬼。
tr	I	I wrapped the towel around myself before making my way back to my room , and my heart wrenched .
tr	I	Mike knew exactly why he changed positions but the woman had no idea what Garcia was doing .
tr	O	凯莉注意到了德里克脸上强烈的神情，而且她知道他对那个金发女孩做了什么。
tr	I	Jess followed my lead and I shook Adie 's hand .
tr	O	将不会有火，并且他们为晚餐储存的鲜肉将不得不等待。
tr	I	I can 't even point to a best friend and I 'm nearly twenty-six .
tr	O	电梯在缆绳上摇晃着，而且整栋楼似乎都在震动。
tr	O	她按下了呼叫按钮，而且她感到身体的每个部位都紧绷着。
tr	I	Of course he 'd dated before me and sure , I 'd dated before Max .
tr	O	我以为我善于隐藏我的悲伤，但是科尔能看出来。
tr	I	He is aware of my business dealings , but I haven 't discussed it with him .
tr	I	He helps me and my shaking hands cannot undo the clasp .
tr	I	That was detestable to her ; and some people , including her father , attended church for the sole purpose of being seen .
tr	I	He was not there , but she retraced their steps to the exotic garden .
tr	I	Her mind relished the cold shadows and though she could not see more than a few inches ahead , her body was not tense .
tr	O	我的臀部想贴紧他，但是 我突然害怕会受伤。
tr	I	I 'm happy that 's the way things turned out , and I have a hell of a great time with you .
tr	O	我看到了一丝亮光，并且 我感觉到一股强大的力量将我的受害者推向了身后的人。
tr	O	露比把她的供品放在床头柜上，并且 她静静地坐在那里，直到深夜降临。
tr	I	That was even more confusing , and she felt relieved .
tr	I	They were all thrown forward with considerable force as they screeched to a halt and when they passed into the building the driver slammed on the brakes .
tr	I	I think we 're in pretty good hands and I think he 's the man to make it .
tr	I	I looked across at him with a scowl gaining in intensity , and Lines creased my brow .
tr	O	那是一顿相当严厉的训斥，并且 我想那也是理所当然的。
tr	O	约翰尼以前从未出过海，而且 今天也不是个好的开始。
tr	O	伦顿告诉自己，那些电话应该是从公共电话亭打来的，但是 他知道前方有麻烦。
tr	O	他遵守了所有的交通法规，但是 有时候，当别人喝了酒时，这些都无关紧要。
tr	I	Sophie rose to leave and Aunt Marilyn pulled up after a few more silent minutes .
tr	O	我有一些很好的工作朋友，但是 他们中的许多人都有自己的家庭。
tr	I	He nodded without raising his head , and bending close to Todd , she whispered something in his ear .
tr	I	The city of Beverly Hills was delighted to have us , and I decided to do our first show in Hollywood , as a test .
tr	I	It would pop into my head soon , but I couldn 't quite recall her name .
tr	O	我猛地移开视线，并且他开始笑了。
tr	O	第一印象很重要，而且他们的第一次见面并不顺利。
tr	I	Discussing some ritzy party she 'd attended or Jacqueline spent most of the lesson name-dropping .
tr	I	Victoria truly hoped it would be more on her terms than on Lilith 's , but she would meet Lilith someday .
tr	I	He is Kevin Simons and this is Kylie Parker .
tr	O	这是一种我从未预料到的转变，但是不知何故，过去这六个月已经让我为此做好了准备。
tr	O	我的脉搏在指尖狂跳，并且我收紧了掐住喉咙的手。
tr	O	他曾是最反对向这些英雄求援的人，而且现在他们是唯一有可能结束这场黑暗的人。
tr	I	My heart raced in my chest before I could slow it , and there was movement around the corner that led outside the Bower .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but he knew that his tour was coming to an abrupt end .
tr	I	It looked like she had not eaten in weeks , and her cheekbones stood out .
tr	I	We make our way back to our bike handle and I smile .
tr	O	还没有人见过穆斯塔法，并且也没有人收到过他的消息。
tr	O	他是对的，而且他知道这一点。
tr	I	Her skin above the low bodice of her white satin gown gleamed in the candlelight , and her hair tumbled over her shoulders in molten waves .
tr	I	I never told , and she never asked .
tr	O	她的脸颊靠在他的胸膛上，并且她听着他心脏稳定地跳动。
tr	O	我不是故意的，但是我做了。
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , but I felt stupid for crying .
tr	I	Her lips are my dealer , and Crash a little harder , anything to keep her Her taste is my drug .
tr	O	我问道，在我们把车停在Sonic餐厅，并且他按了按钮点了两杯巧克力奶昔之后。
tr	I	Neither had the crowd , and I hadn 't expected that .
tr	I	His men didn 't know what there were doing until they were in the air and their last assignment was cloaked so dark he .
tr	O	查克看着布莱克，并且他们摇了摇头。
tr	O	她的脸猛地抬起来，并且解脱充满了她的眼睛。
tr	O	她显然没有意识到他们已经一起跳了三支舞，但是他不打算放松对她的掌控。
tr	O	她的目光模糊不清，她眨着眼望着他，但是她用颤抖的双手顺从了他。
tr	I	She swallowed hard and her lip trembled a little .
tr	I	He needed to be at top strength for the coming combat , and blood loss ultimately would weaken him .
tr	I	Malcolm had no trouble guessing who it belonged to , and now there was only one vehicle in the lot .
tr	O	即使滚烫的炭火也可能无法让她说出来，但是她的内心是明白的。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how to feel about that , and the only reprieve I had was that Blake wasn 't in bio .
tr	O	特伦对此也不高兴，但是他却更懂得不要感到惊讶。
tr	O	他身上残余的紧张感终于消散了，并且他也脱掉了鞋子。
tr	I	Maurice was not , and other people were rushing about , in a silent , ghostly way .
tr	I	The house was completely quiet , and we were alone for now .
tr	I	As moonlight beamed down through the open windows , I sighed in his arms , and he held me close .
tr	O	艾萨克·牛顿爵士盯着太阳差点把自己弄瞎了，而且我可以在我舒适的空调隔间里做这件事。
tr	I	It felt like a pillow but it looked like a rock .
tr	I	I quickly close the door and tears spring to my eyes .
tr	I	Nothing happens but I wait for it to emerge .
tr	O	她把一只手臂搭在那个男人的肩膀上，并且他也对她做了同样的事。
tr	I	For a moment they were silent with shock and Aden 's boisterous laugh surprised his three companions .
tr	I	Approachability all wrapped up in one beautiful package , and she was the picture of class , sophistication .
tr	I	His eyes are still troubled , but Andrew 's standing in the doorway , his features softer .
tr	O	我又打了电话，接下来的两天里每天打好几次，但是从来没有人接。
tr	O	她的舌头润湿了她突然干涩的嘴唇，并且她抬起下巴，迎上治疗师那陌生而闪烁的眼睛。
tr	O	我爱加布里埃尔，在某种程度上一直爱他，但是我不必喜欢他所有的行事方法。
tr	O	她的心以两倍的速度跳动，但是从所有的外表来看，她是一幅宁静的画面。
tr	O	他到目前为止只完成了四个，而且还有这么多事要做。
tr	I	The power returned , and the lights flickered .
tr	I	The pup couldn 't act as a buffer , and they avoided each other 's eyes .
tr	O	丹尼什么也没说，但是加尔文站着，引他走向他们的桌子。
tr	I	I was eager to escape the smell of death , and Gavin went with us .
tr	I	He was yelling her name and it was Seth .
tr	O	我已顺利进入首相的生活，并且他同意会面，因为他显然喜欢我。
tr	I	I followed and she gestured with a jerk of her chin .
tr	I	He had never come around , and Nicola had never mentioned him .
tr	O	也可能是她从巴黎打电话，而且信号不是最好的。
tr	O	佐伊第二天早上醒来时仍有那种满足感，但是有些不同了。
tr	O	现在是白天，并且检察官们为即将到来的漫长一天做准备。
tr	O	我的脚趾蜷缩起来，并且我的呼吸加快了，因为我内心深处非常想要这个。
tr	O	它重重地砸在人行道上，并且警报又开始尖叫起来。
tr	O	她的问题开始让我恼火，但是同时又让我兴奋。
tr	I	No one there said a thing about it , but she knew he was pulling Kit 's leg .
tr	I	He was foolish , and he was young .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but when I managed to regain my voice , it came out as more of a squeak .
tr	I	He 'd doomed himself long ago with his , and all that really mattered were people 's actions .
tr	I	The cashier mentioning my brother was just making it up and maybe this place was exactly what it claimed to be .
tr	I	It was clear he 'd grown up in a high-pressure environment but I didn 't know all the details of Jax 's upbringing .
tr	I	Surely it could be worse , but she didn 't know how .
tr	I	She could tell she 'd better choose now , and Sally could be tactful when she chose .
tr	I	His eyelids drooped and he spun it a second time , a third , .
tr	O	浴室门再次打开，并且布里奇特出现在门口。
tr	I	I didn 't remember Miranda being anywhere around at the time and thinking back I remembered Nate mentioning dinner at the reception earlier .
tr	O	当时是清晨，并且她的脚趾冻僵了。
tr	O	我以为你真的了解我，但是我在那件事上大错特错了。
tr	O	这本书是用短章节写的，并且在雷金纳德拥有的版本中，章节之间甚至没有分页。
tr	I	I smelled his onion breath , and he leaned down at me .
tr	I	Lines of pain were etched on her face , and when she 'd returned from Sophie 's she 'd been listless .
tr	I	He was , but he knew it was too soon after their reunion to be in love with her .
tr	O	他似乎把我的话当真了，并且我很高兴。
tr	O	格雷格挣扎着想越过他们，但是他们拦住了他。
tr	O	你将拥有基地内我们电脑的完整访问权限，并且你可以自由地进行任何个人跑腿工作。
tr	I	The absence of people caught Lou 's attention , and most days , any number of people traveled this route .
tr	O	当我不小心碰到他的伤口时，他痛得抽搐了一下，并且他痛苦地大叫起来。
tr	O	这听起来有点像在推卸责任，但是大部分时候它确实就是这么简单。
tr	O	那些丝线回弹，抗拒着这种变化，但是我强迫它们顺从我的意志。
tr	I	My wards disarmed and the deadbolt unlocked .
tr	O	他在回答之前犹豫了，并且她一度怀疑他的听力有问题。
tr	I	I was not far behind and she hurried out the door .
tr	I	He stopped her with a hand in front her but she started to say something .
tr	O	莎拉问道，并且我无论在哪都能认出那个甩头发的动作。
tr	O	他不是专家，但是这听起来不像标准程序。
tr	I	I cry against his chest and Luca pulls me to him .
tr	I	The sound startled her , and she was already on edge .
tr	I	I couldn 't see the bottom , but I stared hard into the darkness .
tr	O	艾莉开始同情地哭泣，并且约翰把她抱起来安慰她。
tr	O	她坐在地板上，并且他就在她旁边，坐在床上。
tr	I	He hadn 't heard a sound from it , but he didn 't want to look how close it was .
tr	O	恐惧像冰一样蔓延在贾里德的皮肤之下，而且他的心在他盯着他们时不规则地跳动着。
tr	O	走向电梯的路就像绿里一样，并且我感觉到太平间的僵尸在我身后咧嘴笑。
tr	O	皮尔斯看到我还活着松了口气，并且他迅速拍了拍我的背，问我感觉怎么样。
tr	O	我马上就要跳舞了，但是我们有几分钟时间可以说话。
tr	I	She 's not a bad person , but she 's the Resistance Headquarters ' slut for sure .
tr	O	我试图唤起记忆，想理解伊芙在说什么，但是我一片空白。
tr	I	She moaned and he tugged .
tr	O	他们开始阅读，而且我希望我在别的地方，任何地方。
tr	O	右翼，大胆的鲁珀特指挥着他的1000名经验丰富的骑兵，而且左翼，顽固的威尔莫特率领着他的1500名骑士。
tr	O	她无意养成习惯，但是她已经足够努力工作以赢得偶尔的喘息。
tr	I	Ryan 's problems became the breaking point , and our marriage was already under tremendous duress .
tr	O	她的心砰砰直跳，而且她的嘴巴很干。
tr	O	杰森杀了那么多人，这似乎是不可能的，我想，但是也许他是其中一个较年轻的。
tr	I	He put the gun back in the case , and she did .
tr	O	远处传来尖叫声，并且她听到每一次都吓了一跳。
tr	O	麦迪逊已经同意和汉娜谈话，但是这仍然让汉娜感到不安。
tr	I	I realized I was seriously overstepping here and Maggie looked at my hand holding hers .
tr	O	我可以接入它，但是我并不知道自己在做什么。
tr	I	She could do no less for Val and Aunt Meg had done as much for her .
tr	I	The guard was not at his post , and the rest of the bookstore appeared empty .
tr	O	我努力在他的怀里保持冷静，但是我就是无法做到。
tr	I	She couldn 't tell Chey but God help her .
tr	I	She had never seen him in the daylight hours , but she felt somewhat ridiculous asking such an absurd question .
tr	O	我的胃里再次感到沉重，并且我站了起来。
tr	O	如果有更清晰的预见，我本可以带更多情侣来，但是时间不多了。
tr	I	She laughed , and his cheeks reddened .
tr	O	一次触碰，并且他就会把她拉回怀里。
tr	O	仇恨已经在你的眼中燃烧，并且我后悔错过了你母亲的葬礼。
tr	O	艾莉不太热心，但是她不得不承认，这一事态发展让人大大松了一口气。
tr	I	Routinely , although seemingly at random , scanned some on the way out and now the guards scanned everyone on the way into the facility .
tr	I	Then he hated himself when Brielle looked apologetic , and he felt his cheeks heat .
tr	O	我问，并且他耸了耸肩。
tr	O	她继续说，并且我站在一边。
tr	O	我并不是说你不在的时候就好，但是我却完成了很多工作。
tr	I	Every family refused , out of fear of his violent father , but then Maynard went from house to house , pleading for shelter .
tr	I	I 'm not the person you 're looking for , and I don 't have any power .
tr	I	She could imagine stars sparkling over her head like gems , but she couldn 't see the night sky .
tr	O	他们开始絮絮叨叨地谈论它一直有多忙，但是在我看来，那个地方看起来相当冷清。
tr	I	I wished he were , but he wasn 't Aiden .
tr	O	莎拉通过迈克尔·加勒特的服务留了言，并且他立刻给她回了电话。
tr	I	It is too soon , but 28 May 1843 We tried to lessen the laudanum today .
tr	O	她的心跳得很快，但是那是运动的强劲心跳，而不是恐惧的悸动。
tr	I	The last of her doubts slid away and Julie 's heart melted .
tr	I	I groaned and his tongue swept inside my mouth .
tr	I	Very soon both were covered in wet soil , and their struggling was fierce .
tr	O	他又向前迈了一步，但是一名护士挡住了他的去路。
tr	O	如果我是一个十足的白痴，你不会有任何损失，并且我甚至可能帮了你一个忙，让自己被杀死。
tr	O	他没抓住缰绳，并且马儿跑过去了，渐渐慢了下来。
tr	O	现在是十月，但是天气相当温和。
tr	O	是的，他可以继续他的天文爱好，并且是的，他可以保留他的猫王唱片。
tr	I	To be flirtatious with her but I could not help myself .
tr	I	She leaped out of bed to begin the day and it seemed to hearken a new beginning for her .
tr	O	他可能仍然能听到那个声音，但是它对他的掌控力已经瓦解了。
tr	O	他对她的信任总是给她带来信心，并且她现在需要这个。
tr	I	He nodded , and I asked .
tr	I	He waved away the barman , but he looked like he 'd been drinking .
tr	I	The way his heart swelled upon seeing Kate made it bearable , but Watching Casey walk away from him stung in a way he could not describe .
tr	O	埃尔总统桑塔·安纳确实废除了1824年宪法，但是这在桑塔·安纳身上是意料之中的。
tr	O	他之前穿的衣服被随意扔在被子上，但是房间的其他地方则像僧侣的居室一样整洁。
tr	O	我整理晚间邮件时，听到了杰森的卡车拐进车道的声音，并且我心里涌起一股冲动。
tr	I	His eyes brightened , and I saw the moment he recognized me .
tr	I	You could have deflected the storm and one snap of your fingers .
tr	I	She knew he was trying to fight her compulsion , and his body tensed , as if he were straining .
tr	O	我抓起一把树叶扔到他脸上。
tr	O	在她眼前是她体内孕育的生命影像，并且房间里充满了它强有力的心跳声。
tr	I	I 'm inclined to believe her , and she says not .
tr	O	那层牢房的门同时打开了，并且囚犯们左手提着泔水桶，列队前行。
tr	O	白天的嚎叫非常不寻常，并且在疾驰的战士如此近的距离嚎叫更是闻所未闻。
tr	O	一旦他进入她体内，他的动作便与她同步，并且他无法延迟自己高潮的到来。
tr	O	我看不出标题是什么，但是它看起来很旧。
tr	I	She had really great fashion taste , but she was kind of an idiot .
tr	I	I felt something there , and it nuzzled my hair .
tr	O	第二个箱子被移开了，并且他看到了空核反应堆外壳的本体，大约一辆小型汽车的大小。
tr	I	I blink them back , but tears sting my eyes .
tr	O	销售主管意识到他的话已经成功达到了预期目的，并且他迅速改变了策略。
tr	I	It wasn 't often enough , but Michelle still visited him whenever she could .
tr	I	I only know of the two leaves that are available for now but of course the whole book is probably of huge importance to us .
tr	O	他们的脸上都绽开了笑容，并且有片刻的纯粹喜悦。
tr	O	这些话在他的脑海中回荡，并且他皱起了眉。
tr	O	她怀疑一个吸血鬼猎人是否会害怕鬼魂，但是你永远不知道。
tr	O	要取代克里斯蒂需要一个非常出色的女人，并且里奇只能希望詹姆斯能找到同样特别的人。
tr	O	以前这总是让泰尔感到恼火，但是现在这几乎是一种解脱。
tr	O	外面寒风凛冽，并且没有人敢出门。
tr	I	She had none ... except to tell him to get lost , but he was still staring at her , waiting for her response .
tr	O	家族因汉克而陷入混乱，并且他们没有准备好为他辩护。
tr	O	我开始有了新朋友，并且更令人开心的是奶奶。
tr	I	I 'm afraid our remaining foes are mortal , but the attic provides extra protection against magical creatures with bad intentions .
tr	I	We moved onto the boat , and he sold the house .
tr	O	他的脚从她的桌子上滑了下来，并且他向前靠在手肘上。
tr	O	汉娜看着凯特，并且凯特给了她一个甜腻的微笑。
tr	I	In a language he understood , and Max needed to hear what was happening from someone he trusted .
tr	O	她仍然希望凯文能约她出去，但是他却一直拖拖拉拉。
tr	I	There hadn 't been time , but Graham wished he could have a little more backup than his messed-up nephew .
tr	O	他的脸上可能是一副完全傲慢的神情，但是我在他的眼中看到了一丝悔意。
tr	O	灯经常是坏的，并且门总是锁着的。
tr	O	墙壁被漆成了深蓝色，并且这里，窗帘也被拉上了，所以几乎没有光线能透进来。
tr	I	I exhaled , and she left , the door closing behind her .
tr	O	他们又嘲笑我的食欲，但是我那时候已经习惯了。
tr	O	这项工作是非法的，但是对米娅来说这不是问题。
tr	I	His hair had been shaved to accommodate sticky probes attached to his skin , and an IV line disappeared into the crook of his arm .
tr	O	号角吹响了，并且强大的军队集结准备战斗。
tr	I	Even the weather couldn 't relieve me of my funk , but it was a beautiful , perfect California day .
tr	O	他闻起来像性爱，但是我忽略了那一部分。
tr	O	他剥开盒子，并且它迅速展开成一个由深色木材制成的大谷仓。
tr	I	I will be , and I promised her I would be in your corner .
tr	I	That at least hadn 't changed , and Vernon had never been one to wear out the English language .
tr	I	He did anyway to find out what the argument of the evening was , but he didn 't need to look to see who she spoke of .
tr	I	He still didn 't speak , but I looked at Sam .
tr	O	雷福德觉得很难理解，但是他决定让莱因哈德继续说下去。
tr	O	光芒从索朗热的眼中消逝了，并且她又躺回沙发上。
tr	O	他知道他们渴望听到他婚姻的细节，但是他急着回家。
tr	I	When she tried to get their attention , they darted away , but Kendra had seen a few twinkling fairies in the woods .
tr	O	印刷版的不多，但是还是有一些的！
tr	I	Those blended with the deputy 's uniform , and the building blended with the surroundings .
tr	O	我的记忆被触发了，并且我想起了那个古老的传说。
tr	O	泪水又一次刺痛了我的眼睛，而且我不能让她觉得要为我一团糟的生活负责。
tr	O	有事发生了，而且他需要连夜飞出城。
tr	O	他的眼睛变得专注起来，并且他怒视着她。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是他们却笑了。
tr	I	I should 've known from the beginning , and my brain was slow to process it .
tr	O	她的脸上露出一丝失望，但是我却不为拖她去那里而感到抱歉。
tr	O	他指着它，并且她走了进去。
tr	O	她的嘴巴张开想说话，但是她没说，也说不出。
tr	O	它对我的影响没有对他那么剧烈，但是我看到了一些让我乐于接受转变的事情。
tr	O	迪安松开了他，并且艾登的身体掉到了地上。
tr	O	那是周日早上，并且威廉刚刚喝完他的第一杯咖啡，这时他的商业伙伴给他打来了电话。
tr	I	She seemed uninjured , but his heart hammered .
tr	I	Mack 's last sentence made her stop , but she was busy drying off with the towel .
tr	O	下一场演出只剩下几个小时了，而且还有更多工作要做。
tr	O	我说不出来，并且那也不重要。
tr	I	It 's different for me , too , but I know it 's probably a little scary .
tr	O	布达不习惯别人叫他聪明，并且他喜欢听艾迪这么说。
tr	I	I glance back at Harlin , and the house is quiet in response .
tr	I	He ran toward it , nostrils flaring and a house materialized out of the darkness .
tr	O	吻变得更加激烈，并且他向我靠过来。
tr	I	His eyes caught mine and he gathered all my hair in both of his hands at the back of my neck .
tr	O	她今晚必须扮演好西比尔的角色，并且那意味着她必须停止如此绝望地需要伊恩。
tr	I	Now I could stare at him for as long as I wanted , and I used to steal glances of him as often as I could .
tr	O	我迅速站了起来，并且然后我跑回了入口的掩护处。
tr	O	我就是，但是我情不自禁。
tr	I	Their attempts were futile , but his sons would try to comfort him .
tr	O	房间很昏暗，并且唯一的光线来自燃烧的蜡烛。
tr	O	她费力地同时拦住其中三个，但是还有另外十几只趁她这样做的时候试图溜过去。
tr	O	又过了半小时，营地才再次安静下来，并且冒险者们都打起盹来。
tr	O	没人帮我，然而这个家伙却帮了。
tr	I	His voice was like a low hum in her ears , but it wasn 't so much that she heard his words .
tr	O	不确定那会改变什么，但是我他妈的还是抱有希望。
tr	I	She was smiling , and I saw her in the halls when she was talking to Marco !
tr	I	I had never felt more of a sense of pride in my life and she reacted to me , moved with me .
tr	I	I try to play it off , but my cheeks warm .
tr	O	黎明只剩下几个小时了，并且他还没有和她相处过。
tr	I	He was smart about things , but Bobo was dumb about people .
tr	O	当然，我什么都没吃，因为我在禁食，但是我仍然很感激。
tr	O	每个人都喝了一口咖啡，并且丹嚼了一块瑞秋这次能提供的烤棉花糖夹心饼干。
tr	I	I do , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	I	This man 's different , but I know my history doesn 't back me up .
tr	I	The roar of the tornado stopped , though it left a ringing in his new body 's ears and the portal closed .
tr	O	也许玛西不想来，但是一个更合理的解释是她没有被邀请。
tr	O	他甚至还没把她送到酒店，并且他已经开始找借口再见她了。
tr	O	他的语气中带着一种冷酷的傲慢，并且我感到我的同情心正在消退。
tr	O	莉莎也忍不住这样做了。
tr	O	金总是盯着树林对面的烟雾，但是天空大多飘着厚厚的棕色云朵。
tr	I	That was dangerous and she wanted him .
tr	I	It smelled the same , but it was nicer than most of the magistrates ' courts he had been in .
tr	I	They 're so well-made that they 're virtually indestructible , but those clothes look as if they 're right on the verge of falling off my back .
tr	O	我停在每一扇开着的门前，但是房间，尽管堆满了行李，却是空的。
tr	O	我知道我本应该去帮她，但是我太害怕了。
tr	O	她对他皱眉，并且他的脸变得严肃起来。
tr	O	那不是野外狩猎，并且那也不是我们的人。
tr	O	无论我们做了什么，似乎都让他们感到不安，并且我知道没有什么比失去生命更能让人感到不安。
tr	I	Soon they 'd find help , and soon they 'd reach it .
tr	O	基利安开了一枪，并且当然，球进了袋。
tr	O	这必须对我们有意义，或者我们做不到我们现在所做的事情。
tr	I	She shot upright and Teagan 's eyes popped open .
tr	O	它始于同样的黑暗，并且一开始我只是等待。
tr	O	我们离得不够近，我看不到雀斑，但是我很确定它们也在那里。
tr	O	她从椅子上跳了起来，并且她的嘴巴震惊地张得大大的。
tr	O	我咬着我的指甲，努力不惊慌，但是压制我的焦虑每秒钟都变得更复杂。
tr	I	The little girl 's smile turned into a look of amazement with her mouth wide open and the audience gasped .
tr	I	Nothing comes up , but I google it .
tr	O	皮肤裂开了，并且疼痛沿着我的手臂爆发。
tr	I	When movement ceased , he was completely still again , yet he flowed .
tr	I	She let go and he nodded .
tr	I	She 's crazy about the idea and we told her about the trip .
tr	I	She didn 't answer until we were both seated inside , but I looked at her over the hood of the car .
tr	I	She frowned at the otherwise empty room , and he was sitting in bed watching television .
tr	O	疯狂地想念他们，但是时间也会让你忘记。
tr	I	I owed it to my mother to take my time , but it might take a while .
tr	I	She didn 't want the issue of money to become a part of their relationship , but he was obviously wealthy .
tr	O	我只是轻轻擦过她的肩膀，但是它可能仍然像火烧一样疼。
tr	I	The market quieted considerably and the lunch period ended .
tr	I	I made you grieve , and I only thought of myself .
tr	I	It was too late , but I reached for it .
tr	O	她是个处女，但是那不意味着她曾被完全孤立。
tr	O	没有月亮，并且田野一片漆黑。
tr	O	他们似乎很高兴发现了一些东西，并且其中一人带着胜利的表情将那叠文件递给了警官。
tr	I	Her jaw clenched and she looked back toward her grandma 's house .
tr	I	He startled me with his closeness and he was light on his feet .
tr	I	She craved another sandwich , and her stomach gurgled .
tr	O	他的眼睛因震惊而睁大，并且他突然中断了。
tr	I	They started to make a line for the loft and her father turned .
tr	O	他们都点了点头，并且我被一种奇怪的似曾相识感所笼罩。
tr	I	There was an uncomfortable silence between them , and their eyes met .
tr	O	出口被封锁了，但是密谋者试图爬出庭院。
tr	I	She didn 't tell me , and I didn 't want to ask how much she had shared with her father .
tr	I	I smiled and she snorted .
tr	O	有些人仍然如此，并且有些人可能很快就会被感染。
tr	O	他坐在沙发上，并且她跪在他身边。
tr	O	我本可以派人去追她，但是他们不是对手。
tr	I	She could see it on his face and she could feel it in her gut .
tr	I	Her heart suddenly filled , and she heard Ben calling for the dog .
tr	O	他的戴安娜有危险，并且他很生气自己当时没有在那里保护她。
tr	I	Josef laughed , and Jo giggled .
tr	I	There was no chance I would ever see them again , and they would be dead .
tr	O	他继承了帮助塑造他职业生涯的特质，但是当被用来对付他时，那却是个麻烦事。
tr	I	It was quiet outside and the house was dark .
tr	I	It couldn 't hurt to try it , but the idea was a long shot , a very long shot .
tr	I	An equal part was horror , but part of it was fear .
tr	O	我不是说我对他有很深的感情，但是我无法否认这可能会发生。
tr	I	I don 't know much about it , and I 've never been a dad before .
tr	O	她说她已经两年没见过家人了，并且公司在她刚毕业时就招募了她。
tr	O	特里斯坦是太阳，而我是月亮。
tr	I	I wavered , and the blinker flashed .
tr	O	伊森的语气很平淡，但是愤怒的魔法弥漫在空气中。
tr	I	It was hardly warm but his smirk was back .
tr	O	她不清楚自己的坚定从何而来，也许是疲惫所致，但是她似乎无法阻止自己。
tr	O	风起来了，并且我停了下来。
tr	O	促使我讲述这段旅程的那件事发生在这段旅程的最后，并且甚至在我以为它已经结束的时候。
tr	O	我们以这个价格什么也找不到，并且我就是喜欢它。
tr	I	The Steer brothers had invited them to their home in celebration of the New Year , and it was the first week in January .
tr	O	他的嘴角向上弯起，并且他冰蓝色的眼睛凝视着她。
tr	I	Now they were trying as best they could to deal with it and they had all landed in this situation .
tr	I	There were other places , too , but the west was western Kansas , of course .
tr	O	他不知道该说什么，并且忽略她的痛苦更简单。
tr	I	Mary , I 'm afraid , but I don 't want to believe he 'll hurt me .
tr	I	You can search him , and I 'll grab him .
tr	I	Parker leaned against the door frame , but she gestured toward the guest chair .
tr	O	我原以为她会回到派对上，但是她却又转过身来看我。
tr	O	他是我的家人，并且我也是他的。
tr	I	She rubbed herself against him until his hands lifted her up against him , and she could feel his erection pressed against her .
tr	I	She could see herself going out with him , but more like dangerous in a sexy sort of way .
tr	O	我不认为那个肾会再次出血，但是如果真的出血了，我希望她在场。
tr	O	羁绊，然而，是一种永恒的承诺，并且也许他的生命中注定有其他人。
tr	I	Adam was all for fire , but I thought drowning .
tr	O	它有些熟悉，但是想不起那是什么。
tr	O	汤普森是一名科学家，并且如果存在治愈方法，他就会拥有它。
tr	I	We will be reconciled soon and I pray you are well .
tr	O	他的手臂环抱着她，将她交叉的手臂困在她身前，并且他把她从地上抱了起来。
tr	O	我也感受到了他周围的力量，但是感觉不同。
tr	I	That seemed as if it had happened days , weeks ago , but the last he knew he had been on his moped rounding a corner .
tr	O	我觉得白色肉汤看起来很恶心，但是我什么也没说。
tr	O	她接下来会尝试Facebook，并且她会在那里找到他。
tr	O	他会帮助阿里克，但是不是出于他所想的理由。
tr	I	My memory had not served him one bit of justice , but I hadn 't forgotten what he 'd looked like shirtless .
tr	I	Then the band began playing a song , but she started to correct him .
tr	I	He wondered why she wanted it this way , but his suit allowed him to see clearly in the dark .
tr	I	Nothing could have prepared her for the perfection of it , but she expected the touch .
tr	I	Somehow she doubted it , but perhaps she still had enough of her power so she could conjure the image of the beast .
tr	I	A second later , he pulls back , but I grip him tightly .
tr	O	第二天是星期三，并且我们上了第一堂课。
tr	I	He hoped she would understand , and he hadn 't meant for it to happen .
tr	I	That was no surprise , but they were seated immediately .
tr	O	这个词开始在人群中像嘲弄的回声一样嗡嗡作响，并且梵蒂冈夫人转身向他们所有人讲话。
tr	I	Brett lifted it up and the phone rang at that moment .
tr	O	我试图走到我父亲的房间，但是火焰挡住了我的去路。
tr	I	Lea sticks her head in and moments later my door opens .
tr	O	我的目光与队里的一名跑卫相遇，并且他给了我一个非常隐蔽的打招呼手势。
tr	O	高潮突然袭向她，将她完全俘获，以至于她看到了漫天繁星，并且她的尖叫声在墙壁上回荡。
tr	I	Everything was unusual -- but I looked around for any other unusual clues .
tr	I	She 's smiling nastily and I glance at Jane .
tr	O	麦克奈尔停了下来，并且队伍迅速排成一列。
tr	O	她将她那小小的、黏糊糊的手滑入他伸出的手里，并且他捏了捏。
tr	O	门随着上方铃铛的响声打开，并且苏西·吉走了进来。
tr	I	He suspected that wouldn 't happen , but he hoped she didn 't lose that appeal once he finally captured her .
tr	I	Now , with his upper body exposed , she could see just how perfectly he was put together , but she 'd already seen his long legs .
tr	I	She sobbed quietly against his chest , and immediately her shoulders started to heave .
tr	I	He shrugged good-naturedly , took a sip , then shoved it back in his pocket , and I gave him a disapproving look .
tr	I	There he was , exposed for the world to see , and he 'd already taken down his trousers .
tr	I	Soon he was known almost universally , and the other changelings saw him too .
tr	I	His ears have saved him from death but he is not royal enough to open whatever the knob should open !
tr	O	她直觉地感到这次他说的是实话，但是她同样确信这个故事有他未透露的更多细节。
tr	I	I 'm free and I 'm out .
tr	I	I brushed it back so I could see her face , and her dark hair hung in a limp curtain , hiding her features .
tr	O	他屈身一次，并且我选的轻薄瑜伽裤在接缝处裂开了，零落在我的周围，堆成一摊布料。
tr	O	你为金钱洒血，并且我是国王的得力助手，也是全国最强大的水系法师。
tr	I	The knight drew back , regaining a steady mounting , and something less than steel gave .
tr	I	He does not love you , but he may have married you , Jessamine .
tr	O	是啊，那是简单的解决方案，但是更难的方案有更少的长期后果。
tr	O	我只能看到背影，但是他们看起来像是拿着剑的战士。
tr	O	攻击像它开始时一样迅速停止，并且恶魔抬起了头。
tr	I	Now the memories poured out , and it was as if a dam had broken open .
tr	I	We walked inside and I hooked my arm around his .
tr	O	他站在我面前，并且他正在发出他那熟悉的笑声。
tr	O	乐队整个晚餐时间都在演奏，并且我们不得不几乎全程大喊大叫。
tr	I	I like you and I am here .
tr	I	The metal deck he was standing on , rotted with poison , crumbled underneath him , but Jace spun to block Alec .
tr	I	I did , but my older sister , Alana , never really got into it .
tr	I	She moved naturally into his embrace , as if they 'd been partners for years , and they stood .
tr	O	我环顾四周，并且好像每个人都在盯着我。
tr	O	医生们并不真正知道，并且他们也并不真正关心。
tr	I	Anyone can do it anywhere , and it doesn 't cost anything .
tr	O	我的血液变冷了，并且我从他腿上滑了下来。
tr	O	一种美妙的温暖传遍我的全身，但是这次他治愈的不是我的脚踝。
tr	I	The harbor at Riva seemed to come rushing up at us as we streaked down toward the city , and we began a long , shallow descent .
tr	I	If something should ever happen to Cassius , it would be torment , but she worried that Gordian might be killed in battle .
tr	I	I no longer heard the snuffling of the bull 's breathing and the reek of the lion faded .
tr	O	这只是一瞬间，但是一个幻象在她眼前闪过。
tr	I	You didn 't even pause , and there were people , Avery .
tr	I	I knew she knew exactly what I meant by that and she nodded in my shoulder .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she thought he might smile .
tr	I	He could scarcely breathe and despair slammed into him .
tr	I	He glanced down at his lap and papa 's voice faded .
tr	I	That was the only mention of Damon , but I scanned the rest of the column .
tr	I	She 'd said that she didn 't want to uproot us all just because of the weather , and I 'd asked her about it before .
tr	O	他放下它后，看起来更放松了，并且我的一部分也希望自己能喝一杯。
tr	I	We expect to know shortly but their motives are still unclear .
tr	O	“我会保持联系”，并且她消失在人群中，留下我脸上带着微笑。
tr	O	他想离开无畏派，但是他因为我而留了下来。
tr	O	他试着更详细地想象砖墙，但是那没有帮助。
tr	I	He still blocked it with his large frame , but she started for the exit .
tr	O	她脸红了，但是我不在乎我是否过于直率。
tr	O	她听到椅子吱嘎作响，并且接着脚步声穿过地毯。
tr	I	He didn 't know if he could hold out that long , but he wanted her to come again before he found his release .
tr	O	从他的工具箱里拿出一把镊子，卡尔探查着，并且克里德咒骂着。
tr	I	It rained more and they formed a bigger cloud .
tr	O	他叫了她的名字，但是她没有回应。
tr	O	“我们为什么就不能和睦相处呢？”这个念头闪过她的脑海，但是她知道那是不可能的。
tr	I	Lightning strikes as he cracks it across a group of ten apparitions , and Des pulls out his whip , that he must have been hiding .
tr	I	We moved into the fight , transforming on the first step and I gave Kali a look .
tr	O	佩里仍然在叫她离开，但是她永远不会。
tr	I	The two of them descended into the ring , where Masha lay sniffling , and Amara smiled .
tr	O	她的血液变得冰冷，但是她强颜欢笑。
tr	I	The driver closed the door and the two men got back in .
tr	O	我几次与他们发生过接触，但是我从未近到有任何真正的危险。
tr	O	他是一位完美的绅士，并且我没有理由相信那会改变。
tr	I	When I saw it later on , I knew I had to blow it up , but it was such a random shot when I took it .
tr	I	We marched him down the long hallway that led down to the ground floor and Roach put Doodle in handcuffs .
tr	O	他们冲上楼梯，并且卡罗琳转向了她的爸爸。
tr	I	We hung out Saturday night and I was here Friday .
tr	O	他不明白向陌生人透露所有这些信息的冲动，但是不知何故，让麦克知道这件事似乎很重要。
tr	O	老血色梦魇太强大了，并且他伸出手去抓梅肯叔叔。
tr	I	They made us drink it , but I knew it was opium .
tr	O	这场战斗中摧毁了二十三艘船，并且这是联盟第一次正面迎战敌人。
tr	O	你拿了我的钱，但是你花钱的方式可能和我处在你的境地时一样。
tr	O	科林从小学起就是我最好的朋友，然而我却感觉自己根本不认识坐在我对面的人。
tr	O	他又按下了按钮，并且门在他身后关上了。
tr	I	The wait will be torment , and they can announce their punishments at any time within the year .
tr	O	她开始在手机上发短信，但是科尔顿把它从她手里抢走了，装进了口袋。
tr	I	I worked through them in my head , and the words kept changing .
tr	I	Taking off the thick leather apron threw it over the top of the hedge , and Laurence nodded .
tr	O	一道闪电划破天空，并且他的侧影瞬间被照亮。
tr	O	汽车开始下降，并且焦虑涌上她的心头。
tr	O	眼泪此刻止不住地流淌，并且薰衣草紧紧握住了我的手。
tr	O	我轻轻打开前门，以为会有大量的东西涌进来，但是它却保持着原状。
tr	I	He couldn 't break , and it would break him .
tr	I	She 'd only been thirteen , but she hadn 't yet had the sledding accident that broke her back .
tr	I	She quickly suppressed it , but a little tug of awareness caught her off guard .
tr	I	I figured the pain couldn 't possibly get any worse , but I hurt .
tr	I	I was not , but mom was a Soul Reaper .
tr	I	That doesn 't make us super rich like most people think , but my dad may be a doctor .
tr	O	他脸上的表情表明他不相信我，但是然后他的目光垂了下来。
tr	I	He , too , stood , and he raised a hand to silence Walter .
tr	I	He was looking down at them dispassionately and his hands were behind his back .
tr	O	我们因自己小小的优势而变得自满，并且内部冲突开始加剧。
tr	I	She never went to college , so she couldn 't find some job that could pay her enough , and she only finished high school .
tr	I	Eric had to intervene with brothers angry that sisters were dancing for money , and some of the male Shifters didn 't like it , though .
tr	I	He 's mean , but he can have his turn with the rest .
tr	I	I wondered how he would even be able to wake up every morning if he lost her and he was holding her while she wept .
tr	I	He was almost certain that there was going to be trouble , and his princess had been smoldering since the incident with the amulet .
tr	O	黄昏使得所有的树看起来都一个样，并且很容易错过那些细微的指示。
tr	O	头顶的天空晴朗，并且星星依然闪烁。
tr	I	His mind was drifting off somewhere else , but it was like his body was here .
tr	O	他的热气顺着我的脖颈而下，并且我的身体几乎抽搐起来。
tr	O	他的头发被墨西哥的阳光映衬得发亮，并且他脸上深刻的古铜色赋予了他一个他并不真正拥有的特质。
tr	O	她的右腿开始抖动，并且水溅出了她的杯沿。
tr	I	Every one of our group was in fight position , except for Thompson , who lie motionless on the floating deck and we were surrounded .
tr	O	没人说话，但是短暂的停顿后，一个大概十六岁、留着卷曲黑发的瘦弱少年走了上前。
tr	O	人群在那幸福的时刻爆发出掌声，但是柳儿能做的只有痛哭失声。
tr	I	I dug my nails into my palms , and as the seconds passed , my chest tightened .
tr	O	他的头向前低垂，并且他盘腿坐了下来。
tr	I	It couldn 't be , but at first I thought it was Sam .
tr	O	我不确定，但是这很可能是她很久以来第一次身体接触。
tr	I	The hut looked like it had been used from time to time , and the land was in the process of being prepared for planting .
tr	I	The temperature hadn 't fallen yet but the sun had begun to set .
tr	I	He was less likely to slur his words at shouting volume , and this method ensured they were unable to smell the alcohol on his breath .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed as he moved his hand up swiftly , and he moved toward me slowly .
tr	O	他的妻子最清楚，而且她总是对的。
tr	I	Since Saber 's arrival , they had eased , but the nightmares hadn 't stopped .
tr	O	房间变暗了，并且地方安静下来了。
tr	O	航班比平时快，并且她在傍晚时分降落在纽约。
tr	O	脚下的岩石很凉，而且她的锡使她的皮肤比平时敏感得多。
tr	I	This was the last service of the evening , and there were no more stops to come now .
tr	O	噪音减弱了，并且他的引擎熄火了，使该区域充满了寂静。
tr	I	I didn 't give a damn , but every inch of my body hurt .
tr	I	You will see that it is not all in vain , and I will tell you about myself .
tr	I	I wanted to believe I did , but of course , I didn 't .
tr	I	The minute hand crept about the face but the second hand raced around in a barely noticeable blur .
tr	O	母亲还没有找回她的孩子，但是她知道这很快就会发生。
tr	O	她跟着我的手伸向我的口袋，并且当我拿出那个方形盒子时，她的眼睛大得像月亮一样。
tr	O	这真的很贵，而且洛根不得不从大学回家。
tr	O	它们更难，但是我们更坚韧。
tr	I	Derek is seventeen , and he 's fifteen .
tr	I	Everyone faced it and the door opened .
tr	O	我不太想再听一遍，但是 我没有其他地方可去。
tr	O	他的胸膛剧烈起伏，并且 随着他每一次急促的吸气，他结实的身体都擦过我的胸膛。
tr	O	我们从桌边站起来时，阿米莉亚未经邀请就把胳膊挽进了我的，并且 一股颤栗涌上我心头。
tr	O	他从未对父母不敬，并且 他也绝不会就此开始。
tr	I	Maybe it is the rain altering my perception , or some of the rust on the door looks to have been chipped off with a chisel .
tr	I	Within moments , he had managed to knock out every evil creature that was in sight , and Benji was a blur of motion .
tr	I	That was only the last career in a series , but I 'd been a trucker when it all happened .
tr	O	她知道我走路一瘸一拐，但是 她却从未见过我的脚。
tr	O	他非常瘦弱，并且 他的眼睛里有一种奇怪的光芒。
tr	I	She tangled her fingers in his hair , and he wrapped his arms around her waist .
tr	O	她知道自己族人有时会那样做，但是 她却不知道其他人也会那样做。
tr	I	Their position as well fortified , as was possible and it seemed as though they were as well equipped .
tr	I	I 'll never come back and I 'll just go away .
tr	I	Gavin was in the driver 's seat before I knew it and the door was slammed shut once he 'd tossed me inside .
tr	O	乔安娜在我前面被叫了三号，并且 我给她一个鼓励的点头。
tr	O	我们彼此什么都没说，但是我们也不需要。
tr	I	The CS needed miners for the corporate vultures moving in to prey and the dead , fractured remains of our world were still mineral rich .
tr	I	My knees popped and I stood up .
tr	O	这是凯·奎恩今年最热门的地点，并且这是他们一个月内的第二顿午餐。
tr	I	She knew that Gray needed to hear them , but Suzy felt shy about saying the words in front of an audience .
tr	O	孩子们看起来很健康，并且这让她笑了。
tr	I	It pleased me to no end , and she made a face like she was grossed out .
tr	O	他对我微微一笑，并且他的眼睛闪烁着智慧。
tr	O	我确信有些人会觉得他英俊，但是他并非卡西乌斯。
tr	O	如果他们不理解它，他们就会想要研究它，而且一旦他们弄懂了，他们就会把它卖掉。
tr	O	蔡斯很傲慢，但是他确实爱她。
tr	O	在那件事上你可以相信我，但是那是后话了。
tr	O	通话进行得不顺利，并且男人们匆忙撤离了他们的藏身之处，急匆匆地跑去重新集结。
tr	I	It was getting colder now that the sun had gone down , but the snow that had been falling all day had tapered off .
tr	I	Rena didn 't let them stop her from saying what she 'd come to say , but his words stung .
tr	I	Her ears didn 't stick out as much , and she stood straighter .
tr	O	这让我后颈汗毛倒竖，但是我隐约地觉察到一个永远结束战争的方法。
tr	I	Nothing happened , but Bryony waited .
tr	I	His wide , white eyes are alert and his long ears are upright .
tr	O	米奇表现得非常得体，并且那晚过得还不错。
tr	O	其中一个挂着一袋清澈的液体，但是另一个则装着浓稠的红色液体。
tr	O	让这位好医生登上高原费了些力气，但是他比他看起来更健壮。
tr	O	罗伯特辩解道，并且克莱尔笑了。
tr	O	他朝我眨了眨眼，并且我把它当作拒绝。
tr	I	They knew it , and they could have been building go-karts .
tr	I	She 'd been so certain he wouldn 't want Thorn , but had she looked carefully into his mind , she would have seen unconditional acceptance .
tr	I	I continued towards him and quickly I pulled my thoughts away from where they were headed .
tr	I	By then , we 'll have thought of something to tell them , and they won 't recognize him there , at least not right away .
tr	O	话已说出，并且口齿未失灵。
tr	O	他说了，并且我点了点头。
tr	I	I made to push him back when the doorbell rang , and he pushed me .
tr	I	She sounded frantic and it was Ethan 's mom .
tr	I	They headed toward the crime scene , and Charlie tossed her a half-hearted salute .
tr	O	公允地说，DC汉蒙德在说服力方面对自己评价颇高，并且他当时也正处于他最有说服力的状态。
tr	O	生活是一场冒险，并且我认为这种持续的变化应该体现在一个人的工作中。
tr	I	The tub is like a shallow sunken swimming pool , and the bathroom is the size of my living room .
tr	O	海斯廷斯只是会意地点了点头，并且在进入豪华轿车之前，米奇弯下腰和艾琳说话。
tr	I	I had every right not to give her a response and she didn 't have the right to talk about Sofia .
tr	O	她这里有紧急情况，并且他只能等着。
tr	I	I couldn 't feel her as strongly , and Ellen grabbed at something that hung around her neck .
tr	O	他把一只手放在她的手上，并且他的手链反射着光。
tr	I	She guessed he 'd be back for dinner , but Thankfully Maverick was out of the house .
tr	I	I was sworn to secrecy and she revealed her powers only to me .
tr	I	Serena turns back around , and Mariam 's hand freezes in the air .
tr	O	我不确定他心里究竟在想什么，但是我不打算怀疑他。
tr	O	一方面那令人受宠若惊，但是另一方面那让她感到紧张。
tr	O	他们一直都互相竞争，各自的餐厅都在争夺相同的高端客户，但是这太过分了。
tr	O	我不明白她念诵的那些奇怪的词，但是我认出了它们。
tr	O	在昏暗的光线下我甚至看不清他的脸，但是他庞大的身躯错不了。
tr	O	他必须像其他人一样证明自己，而且他如果不被派到世上生活，就无法做到这一点。
tr	I	He got off the bed , and she moved aside .
tr	O	她差点因为他没擦掉脚上的泥而责备他，但是随后她明白了。
tr	O	杰夫看起来很困惑，而且他曾经带有的傲慢现在已经消退了。
tr	O	我知道那个长得不可思议的句子有很多错误，但是我没有那个脑筋去剖析它。
tr	O	吹着口哨，并且带着一丝坏笑。
tr	O	感觉达到了顶点，并且伊维在极乐的狂喜中狂野地颤抖着，喊叫出声。
tr	I	She connected with most of the jurors , and her testimony made perfect sense .
tr	O	我们在博物馆附近的比萨店吃了点东西，并且接着我们回到了公寓。
tr	I	It sounds good , but I 'm not exactly sure if that 's right at this point .
tr	O	琼斯先生将担任航天飞机的主驾驶员，而辛克莱女士将担任首次测试的副驾驶员。
tr	O	上层甲板后部是敞开的，所以他们能够清晰地瞄准他。
tr	I	Right now I needed to talk to the dwarf about more practical matters , and nothing I could say would make his guilt go away .
tr	O	布丽埃尔以沉默回应他的话，但是她知道自己已被击败。
tr	O	门砰地关上，并且我像一个破布娃娃一样被拖拽着，腿又一次撞上了楼梯。
tr	O	我的目光移向他肩膀上已经干涸的血迹，并且我看到那景象不禁畏缩了一下。
tr	I	Buddy fought the temptation to take her into his arms again , and the moonlight added a glow to her face .
tr	O	它们是湿的，并且她甚至不知道自己在哭。
tr	O	罗慕路斯可能会把他们从困境中解救出来，但是他也让他们陷入了同样多的困境。
tr	I	Emma last stood in this same cemetery before this same sleepy church and it seemed impossible that it had only been twenty-four hours since he .
tr	O	你是我的伴侣，但是我同样渴望你。
tr	O	他的嘴唇压上我的，并且我们亲吻时双腿缠绕在一起。
tr	I	When would I ever get the chance to do this again , but my mouth opened to object ?
tr	O	来自黄金广场的汽车驶过，或者一辆非常相似的。
tr	O	他把它从自己身上撕下，但是另一把剑砍伤了他的腿。
tr	I	Francesca is gone , but when I make it to the sewing room , Robbie is still sitting on the armchair where I left him .
tr	O	他看见费利克斯高挑纤细的身影正透过窗户往外看，但是费利克斯似乎没有看见下面仰望的他。
tr	O	她不会谈论这件事，但是我知道内心深处这令人痛苦。
tr	I	Misty made herself walk away from him , but he moved a little , grunting in pain .
tr	I	We have taken one of theirs , and they have taken one of ours .
tr	I	It 's bittersweet , but I 'm happy for him .
tr	O	确实她不应该独自前往，但是这个日出仪式是她必须独自完成的。
tr	I	President Andrews was asking some very pointed questions , and it was a race against time .
tr	I	He falls forward , and it shoves Blaze .
tr	O	他因渴望这个女人而几乎要爆发成火焰，并且她确实把他看作某种没有感情的机器。
tr	O	她不知道该说什么，但是她知道她必须告诉哈德利一些事情。
tr	I	He could only give her so much comfort as the horse that she was riding on , and her only companion , her only friend was Deja .
tr	I	He watched as her expression blanked and his voice emerged rougher than he 'd meant .
tr	I	Soon she was in a deep sleep as the doctors went to work and a mask was gently placed over her face .
tr	O	有人在我们身后清了清嗓子，并且我们散开了。
tr	O	他们喝完了饮料，并且麦尔带他们参观了那个小型通讯站。
tr	I	There are a hundred clues that he is more than he says , and we 've all been wondering about him .
tr	I	They tried to expose our secret and they found out what we were .
tr	O	我们要么学会寻找中间地带，或者我们就会一起沉沦。
tr	O	她宣布今晚是女生之夜，并且我无法摆脱。
tr	O	这是她似乎很欣赏的一个举动，并且她回吻了他的嘴唇。
tr	O	至少他没有试图让我放手，但是他也没有说什么。
tr	O	被迫赤身裸体已经够糟糕了，但是最屈辱的时刻很快压了下来，直到丹担心他可能永远无法站起来。
tr	O	微风拂过他的皮肤，让他感到凉爽，并且春天的气息让他想起家。
tr	I	Simon excused himself before his mother started off on another one of her promotional speeches and Mark rolled his eyes .
tr	I	The chill of his skin told her she was too late , but her fingers pressed against his throat , feeling for a pulse .
tr	O	那只手正向下移动，捧着我的脸颊，并且我的眼睛向后翻。
tr	O	背景里播放着一首情歌，并且那个吻看起来很完美？
tr	O	她抓住了他的手臂，并且他们离开了俱乐部。
tr	O	朱莉捂住了嘴巴，但是还是有一些笑声漏了出来。
tr	O	灯光现在已不再是威胁，并且我打开了所有的灯，好好看看我抓到了什么。
tr	I	Then realized what he was seeing was a burning torch , and he stared intently .
tr	O	珍妮还有一些事情想修好，但是她并没有抱怨太多。
tr	O	他几乎没有发表评论地坚持听完了我其余的解释，但是这对他来说显然没有任何意义。
tr	O	他告诉他SITA发生了一些事情，并且所有迹象都指向是斯图尔特。
tr	O	她向下看了一眼，但是令人眩晕的高度让她无法承受。
tr	I	No-one was willing to ask why , and however Frank had been missing for the past five years .
tr	I	I took up position in case the perp came through the lobby , but I wasn 't the first here .
tr	O	他经常爱我，并且我全心全意地爱他。
tr	O	我推开了门，并且安德鲁向后踉跄了一下。
tr	I	Unable to remain standing but she sat on the window sill , aware that she was demonstrating her weakness to her captor .
tr	I	I push the door open with her feet and she squeals .
tr	I	He hit his own face and his hands jerked .
tr	I	Soon to be failing to hold back her orgasm and she was whimpering , trying .
tr	O	他需要的不仅仅是性来让他感觉好些，并且她需要告诉他这一点。
tr	O	他的话触动了我生命中的每一个时刻，但是我保持了沉默。
tr	O	尼克门上响起了敲门声，并且他的私人助理探出头来。
tr	O	她本来可能会尊敬他们，如果他们曾考虑过她的感受，但是他们只关心社会所要求的得体。
tr	I	I put my hand on her shoulder and I could see Adele 's chest rising .
tr	O	曾有几次他会为格蕾丝感到抱歉，但是大多数时候他都试图假装她不存在。
tr	O	他向她迈了一步，并且他的黑眼睛似乎在恳求她。
tr	I	He muttered a sleepy curse as he fumbled for the receiver , and the phone rang at two in the morning in Frank 's room .
tr	I	She 'd just be fighting the inevitable but she 'd fight him the entire way .
tr	I	The twinkle in his eyes made her laugh , but he sounded nearly as shaky as she felt .
tr	O	她再次尖叫求救，并且一只戴着手套的手紧紧地捂住了她的嘴。
tr	I	I closed my eyes but I could hear their screams .
tr	O	我不完全知道她自己受孕的故事，但是我的母亲曾被强奸。
tr	O	他的嘴唇以熟练的技巧动着，并且西蒙娜发出了一声低低的愉悦呻吟。
tr	O	草地周围的气氛没有困扰他，并且他本能地寻觅着它。
tr	O	没有一刻是没有痛苦的，并且也不会有一刻是没有痛苦的。
tr	I	My hand fell against my side and I let go of the door .
tr	I	We have always respected each other in the past , but we are rivals .
tr	O	踉跄的脚步声越来越近，并且中年男子点燃了一支烟斗。
tr	O	这是自私的，但是我不知道还能如何处理。
tr	O	我很确定那甚至不可能，而且我们有一个科学家团队正在努力证明这一点。
tr	O	他不欠她任何东西，更不用说解释了，然而他发现自己开始说话。
tr	I	A whisper as the human forces approached the Lycan camp on silent feet , but the attack started , not with a bang .
tr	I	It would be a long journey back and I am pretty far from the Base .
tr	I	I had , but the voice of the god had not changed in all those years .
tr	I	The fog hid its shape , yet the monster had been so close he could have hugged it .
tr	O	我走向她，但是她没有动。
tr	I	Our bodies glistened with sweat , her hair wet near the roots , and the room was warm .
tr	I	The whole cafeteria at my school saw me do the walk of shame and except for maybe the time I had toilet paper sticking to my shoe .
tr	I	He gives only particular friends that number , much to his mother 's irritation , but he has his own phone , of course .
tr	I	In the quiet I could hear how wet he was making me and his fingers kept stroking me .
tr	I	It was probably 90 % of the population , but nobody knows exactly how many people the bugs killed .
tr	I	The two bulls ran over volcanic grounds but the ground he stood upon was safe .
tr	I	He could fight it , but one was in his mind , paralyzing his thoughts .
tr	O	吉尔真的说不出话来，但是她试图挽救这个局面。
tr	O	这些据点本意是阻碍我们，但是致命的陷阱依然存在。
tr	O	她的思绪开始围绕着杰里米转，但是他施加了足够的阻力，阻止她牢牢掌握。
tr	I	No one seemed to be able to draw him out , and Bob had simply withdrawn into himself .
tr	O	我本意是想表达理解，但是结果听起来像是在吹嘘。
tr	O	她试图通过电话安慰他，但是如果她能在他身边会更容易些。
tr	O	维多利亚照他说的做了，并且这确实减轻了疼痛。
tr	I	While I don 't advocate any kind of racism , they do make me feel a bit uncomfortable , and they 're very devoutly Muslim .
tr	I	She had to do it anyways and it would change the pace of things .
tr	O	他深潜而入，并且液态的温暖冲刷而过，方便了他的进入。
tr	O	她的目光聚焦了，并且她的心跳加速了三倍。
tr	I	He lifted her to the bridge and his hands settled around her waist .
tr	I	Jo knew better than to tease Laura as it always seemed to backfire on her and she didn 't want to hurt Laura 's feelings !
tr	O	总是会进行搜查，但是从未发现任何东西。
tr	O	无法坐着不动，我站了起来，并且地板在我赤裸的双脚下冰凉，当我踱步到窗边时。
tr	O	吸血鬼猛地把头转向房子，并且我们出发了。
tr	I	He wrote figures on a chalkboard , and he showed them photographs .
tr	I	I 'd die before I went there , and the alternative was giving in to Hank .
tr	O	她又叫了一辆出租车，但是它从她身边开过去了。
tr	O	他的钳制松开了我，并且我从他膝上跳了下来，大口喘着气。
tr	I	Evie guessed he was trying to distract him in the hope he 'd move the gun away from Abe , and Peter asked .
tr	O	它气味难闻，并且它很吵。
tr	I	He 'd convinced her to leave , and there had been a strange man staring at Grace .
tr	I	My eyes went hot , and Isaac drawled , taking a step toward me .
tr	I	Her eyes seemed kind , but her face was filthy .
tr	O	长者敲了敲门，并且门开了，露出了一个面色苍白的人。
tr	O	她用一种难以捉摸的表情回望着丽兹，并且丽兹想知道萨凡纳是否能看穿她。
tr	I	He would need to feed , and eventually the hunger would take over .
tr	I	The thrill outweighed all thought of caution , but Recipe for disaster said it all .
tr	I	I 'm guessing there are some black clothes inside and he hands me a bag .
tr	O	当她看着时，他的眼睛猛地睁开了，并且他发出了可怕的声音。
tr	O	吉姆度过了一个不安的夜晚，而且闹钟让他头疼。
tr	O	周围的树木烈火熊熊，并且几乎所有的军车都被烧毁了。
tr	O	她的嘴巴很干，并且她的背部因为睡在折叠床上而酸痛。
tr	O	又打了几杆，并且他把球打进了。
tr	I	Before she could prevent herself , she curiously scanned it , and she passed a door .
tr	O	他伸展了一会儿，并且我又从暖和的瓶子里喝了几口水。
tr	I	I nodded , and asked Ron .
tr	O	他们的目光相遇并胶着，然后他们分开了。
tr	O	他后退了一步，并且我盯着他看，灯光照耀在他英俊的脸上。
tr	O	我并没有真的把瑞克变成一只蟾蜍，但是一只凭空出现的蟾蜍产生了同样的效果。
tr	I	His eyes are hazy with happiness , and my hands are in his hair .
tr	O	接头松脱了，并且他踉跄着后退。
tr	O	温斯顿的传感器记录到环境温度升高，但是这对于软化他僵硬的关节毫无帮助。
tr	I	Jeff didn 't want him to appear and Garvey had not yet appeared .
tr	I	The altars flooded with worshippers and a cloud of glory descended .
tr	O	Boo叫了一声，仿佛在提供答案，但是林克已经知道了。
tr	O	她做不到，并且佩里也做不到。
tr	I	I couldn 't see it , but I knew the water was down there .
tr	O	他不确定那件事，但是他当然希望他会是。
tr	I	Her cheeks grew red with embarrassment and her words come out too fast .
tr	I	Then both shut our doors at the same time , and we stare at each other over the hood .
tr	O	一发子弹擦过我的大腿，但是肾上腺素让我坚持下去。
tr	I	The vampire lowered his head - and it glinted in the light - a medal on a thin gold chain .
tr	I	Anxious to watch Auron finally die and King Richard asked , impatiently .
tr	O	一只猫头鹰在我们上方某个地方鸣叫，并且我心想它正坐在一棵扭曲的松树剥落的树枝上，睁大眼睛，倾听着。
tr	I	Amelia 's going to the right , and Allegra 's coming from behind .
tr	I	She set it up immediately , and the first box she opened was the one with the perimeter monitoring system .
tr	I	It 'd still be best if you could discourage him ... but she probably knows better anyway .
tr	I	We thought it would collapse , and several times the Cathedral shook .
tr	O	灯亮了，并且我眨了眨眼，很惊讶。
tr	I	I scrutinise their faces and they shake their heads .
tr	O	现在没有火花飞入大气层了，并且有这场雨，没有着火的可能。
tr	I	The second half started , and the whistle blew .
tr	O	那是一段精疲力尽的时光，并且她不确定她还能在这样的压力下坚持多久而不崩溃。
tr	I	Yet he couldn 't answer the question , either and he couldn 't lie to her .
tr	I	My stomach dropped and I walked in .
tr	O	她甚至不记得自到达雷纳德后醒来过，然而他们说她上周醒了好几次。
tr	O	小屋一半的立面已被炸毁，并且屋顶在缺失的墙体部分上方严重下陷。
tr	O	后坐力震得我全身发麻，但是奥利弗紧紧抱住了我。
tr	I	I 'll tutor you and if you take German as your elective here , just let me know .
tr	I	Being bitten by a snake is never pleasant , but it wasn 't hard to counteract the venom , fortunately .
tr	O	她看不到他的鬼魂，但是它们对他来说显然是真实的。
tr	O	他的目光射向我的眼睛，并且我祈祷天赋没有离开我。
tr	I	There are no priest holes and it 's not a dungeon .
tr	I	I gripped her with everything inside of me and I had my girl .
tr	O	他带着看似的善意对她微笑，并且哈丽特强迫自己与他对视。
tr	I	Me hands tied behind me back and I wake up with me head throbbing .
tr	I	I wanted to fall at their feet and I knew they were all spirits .
tr	I	We stood close together in the shadows and Alexander drew me behind the circular stairs .
tr	O	作为野蛮人，他受过惊人的良好教育，并且那让她更加不安。
tr	I	I 'm not always happy about some of the methods ... but I still believe in the cause .
tr	O	他以前问过，并且答案总是一样的。
tr	I	His gaze was watchful , and he stood a distance from the others .
tr	I	She nudged her foot against his , and he hesitated .
tr	O	通往基地的路向右边延伸，并且汤姆跟着它走。
tr	O	我不确定自己对此有何感受，但是裘德对我们俩来说已经足够肯定了。
tr	I	Neither , thankfully , was Nora and Jake was no longer in sight .
tr	O	然后她望向一天中炎热的白茫茫，并且一切都和以前一样。
tr	I	They ate at a restaurant that was known for its lasagna and Devlin drove them to the next town over .
tr	I	I can 't tell how deep it is through the veil of darkness and it is murky .
tr	I	He was swept back into the Danube and when the demigod drew closer , however , he felt the river pull on his legs .
tr	O	我可能曾喜欢他一开始慢条斯理，但是我肯定很享受发现他还有什么可以提供的。
tr	I	Fortunately for us it tipped Reason 's mind to how apathy is being spread , but somehow this invalidated his claim .
tr	O	她感觉到那道蓝色的目光，如同触摸般真切，并且它使她的皮肤变得极度敏感。
tr	I	Reacher stepped forward to take it and EDWARD LANE HELD the framed photograph like an offering .
tr	O	从哪里，拉吉来了，并且他介入了我们，我们并不知道。
tr	O	我曾希望我能说得更好，但是为时已晚，无法收回。
tr	O	我等了，但是他没有继续。
tr	I	The short walkway was easy to navigate and many of the terminals were left empty .
tr	O	Wren小姐坐在最下面的台阶上，并且当她坐下时，我几乎能听到她老骨头嘎吱作响的声音。
tr	I	In a way , Eva could understand why and she did seem besotted with the fellow .
tr	O	她一直等到他离开房间并且门关上后才继续。
tr	I	When I look again , there 's no one , but I think I see someone standing up at the top of the cliffs , watching us .
tr	I	At least she 'll listen , but she might tell everybody else .
tr	I	It only revived Peeper 's wariness , but I was pleased with this improvisation .
tr	I	To me it 's the first normal thing we 've done , but the aquarium might not seem like much to some people .
tr	I	Her palms burned where the rope slid across her skin , and Liza 's heart hammered painfully against her ribs .
tr	O	这样的奇迹在我们存在的每时每刻都在发生，然而我们却没有对世界心生敬畏。
tr	O	我不确定自己到底在期望什么，但是我的希望都寄托在戴维斯医生身上了。
tr	O	她的舌头感觉僵硬，并且她的嘴唇感觉沉重。
tr	O	我看向我的父母，并且他们显然一个字也不相信。
tr	O	他可能披着人的躯壳，但是她已经看穿了他的眼睛。
tr	O	我甚至在加文上次打电话时告诉他，温克勒给自己找了个女狼，而且我用“女狼”这个词是很松散的。
tr	O	正是因为那个理由，他们才没有被阻止，但是一个追踪装置已经被植入他们的飞行器内。
tr	O	他有情人，但是他真的很爱我的水果蛋糕。
tr	O	我感觉糟透了，而且你可能完全不知道。
tr	O	他强壮的双臂环抱住我，并且我们在月光下一起摇曳。
tr	I	I 'll worry about that later , but my hours might get cut once he comes home .
tr	I	She shoved me in the direction of his room and I nodded quickly .
tr	O	现在我不知道，而且我也不特别在乎。
tr	I	You know it , and you 're a morsel too sweet not to partake of .
tr	I	She felt a tiny thrill along her nerve endings and Jonas 's leg idly brushed against Verity 's in the water .
tr	O	他无法辨认它，并且他也不喜欢它。
tr	I	It was the cafeteria and they went in there .
tr	O	我从未有过母亲，而且我也不需要。
tr	O	我讨厌他们的关系，但是我又怎能怨恨她的感情呢？
tr	O	地面震动了，并且一道裂缝张开了。
tr	O	波普没有察觉我缺乏热情，或者他在庆祝性的舞步中忽略了它。
tr	O	他是对的，但是我必须尝试。
tr	I	Miraculously I didn 't lose anything from my trays , and his hands were quick to steady me as I lost my footing .
tr	I	Flung open the window , letting in a rush of foul Manhattan air and in one swift movement he shoved me into the sill .
tr	O	我不知道是哪个，并且我不知道在哪里。
tr	O	布兰特在举起斧头的时候停了下来，并且卢克发出了难以理解的声音。
tr	I	Evan led me down , and it was a staircase .
tr	I	He 'd put it on his head as he twirled around in circles , and he had a basket of his own today .
tr	I	I jump , and the bell rings .
tr	O	唔，她做不到，但是那不是重点，她对自己说。
tr	O	他快要失去理智了，并且她不能再推他一把。
tr	I	He patted her nose affectionately , and the creature clicked excitedly when she saw him .
tr	I	That wasn 't the worst of it , but surrendering his guns bothered Clint something fierce .
tr	I	Theo did not know how to do this , but all he needed now was a melody for the verses .
tr	I	He didn 't act like he was tense , but I could feel the tension rolling off him .
tr	O	你制造了这些东西，并且你摧毁了这个城镇。
tr	O	他看着我，并且接着我注意到了他的一些东西。
tr	O	卡西迪能察觉到不对劲，并且她不停地发问。
tr	I	Lizzy had a week off for the holidays and Simon wouldn 't miss any school .
tr	I	She 'd been beaten to a pulp , and she was almost as pale as he was .
tr	O	我遗憾地告诉你，你得忍受我了，但是从同样的意义上说，我也得忍受你了。
tr	O	他本已苍白的头发因石膏灰尘变得更白了，并且他的脸颊上布满了灰烬的痕迹。
tr	I	Well , Drew 's a great friend , and good friends don 't question stalkerish tendencies .
tr	O	我想对你完全坦诚，但是现在不是时候。
tr	I	We walked after the animal , back down the mountain and I nodded .
tr	O	凯利搜寻着酒瓶，但是没有什么突出的。
tr	I	Revulsion twisted my insides , and he cupped my cheek .
tr	O	我以为他可能有机会与五号沟通成功，但是九号最后那句话足以让他再次爆发。
tr	I	No matter what I did , it wasn 't enough , but I tried to protect Evie .
tr	I	There I go , butting into your business again and I came here to apologize for interfering .
tr	O	他欠龙舌兰一些东西，但是他不确定是什么。
tr	O	床上白色的床单上覆盖着灰尘，并且床本身似乎也在中间塌陷了。
tr	O	他的脸变得愤怒，并且他向前走了几步，这样他就离我很近了。
tr	O	现在只剩下做盖子的磁铁了，但是那可以等到明天早上。
tr	O	只是她想永远拥有他，而他只想暂时拥有她。
tr	I	It was the first positive response Sue had received but it was a longshot .
tr	I	I 'm reeling him in , and he is on the line .
tr	I	In any case he knew that these problems were merely temporary , and despair was not really a quality that he was capable of .
tr	O	查理直到天黑后才回来，并且他看起来比前一天晚上更加疲惫。
tr	I	The officer on duty whirled around , mouth wide open as I squeezed the trigger and my boot squeaked as I stepped forward .
tr	O	他终于推开了她，并且朱莉回到了地上，痛苦地扭曲着脸，同时紧紧抓住她受伤的胳膊。
tr	I	Then she said what he 'd thought she would , and he could feel her thinking .
tr	I	It was pretty inane , actually and that was the most I got .
tr	I	Seconds later Johnny stood alone and the heavy got in .
tr	O	他把我搂得更紧了，并且他的吻变得急切，几乎是粗暴的。
tr	I	I 'm having nothing to do with it , but you can play in this stuff if you want .
tr	I	I had blithely followed them out of fear that not doing so would lose him and he had made all the rules .
tr	O	探望她昏迷不醒的妹妹成为特威利格女士最重要的事，并且她怀揣着可能找到解除魔咒方法的希望。
tr	I	He dipped his head and her hands slid around his neck .
tr	I	Yet stay in one place and to move down the mountainside .
tr	I	At this point , I 'm not sure I have one , but I can tell he wants to appeal to my better nature .
tr	I	In terror that once turned off it would never start up again , and he had left the car running , both to save time .
tr	I	Josie was close enough to see it begin but it was just a small tremor at first .
tr	I	He found none , but he searched his soul for regret , for guilt at pushing her in .
tr	I	Words failed her as he walked back out of the bedroom , and Lauren 's heart cracked open .
tr	I	We got caught , and we were born into a system we don 't agree with .
tr	O	不如我昨晚享受的那顿宴席好，但是它能让你活下去。
tr	I	She often disliked them for that and they 're so incurable .
tr	I	I decided not to question her again , but I would be working , not lounging .
tr	O	一家人将继续住在樱桃木庄园，并且所有人都会收到他们正常的津贴。
tr	I	Her knee met my temple and I doubled over .
tr	O	她现在已经停止颤抖了，这感觉好多了，但是她也感到非常非常累，几乎无法保持清醒。
tr	O	泪水灼烧着她的眼睛，并且她把眼泪忍了回去。
tr	I	I 'm glad I don 't see what had pictured and they all seem to be half full .
tr	I	I was definitely something , but I wasn 't sure exactly what I was .
tr	I	He felt the whoosh of air leaving his lungs , and the weight of Anne hit him in the chest .
tr	I	She refused to answer it , but the phone rang several times .
tr	O	天色越来越暗了，而且我很快就得离开他们了。
tr	I	She quickly grabbed it , and she saw a forgotten bar of soap , malformed .
tr	I	Letting his eyes adjust to light was now painful and they had spent days underground .
tr	I	I didn 't mean for him to leave me behind , so I quickened my pace , but I had no idea where he was going .
tr	I	The signs that it had once been occupied were still there , but it was empty now .
tr	I	I think your ideas are incredible and I 've read through this file .
tr	I	I almost expected that roof to start dripping like a fresh wound , and the stark whiteness of the stucco walls further emphasized the crimson roof .
tr	O	我的父母被邀请参加在哈博罗内举行的这次活动，并且他们将整个周末都不在家。
tr	I	Then the Shifters laid siege to them here , and the dealers used my place as a base .
tr	O	我的嘴唇微微张开，但是我却说不出话。
tr	I	I had too much damn hair and the kid had a good grip .
tr	O	农场已被改造成一个秘密军事基地，并且他们即将看到他们最大的秘密之一。
tr	I	Miranda couldn 't deny anyone a doughnut but they were already almost an hour late .
tr	I	The music was all there was , and they slid into another song , then another .
tr	I	That wasn 't counting what he 'd lost outside , and she 'd emptied the bowl four times .
tr	O	那场戏的结尾有一个吻，并且Trystan不认为他能抗拒。
tr	O	我清了清嗓子，以防自己笑出来，但是我的脸上还是绽开了大大的笑容。
tr	O	她试图发出的每一个声音都含糊不清，但是Julie仍然对着他的手掌尖叫。
tr	O	一阵骚动在议会中蔓延开来，并且宙斯举起了手，使他们安静了下来。
tr	O	Gus按下了他面前面板上的一个按钮，并且大门随即大开。
tr	O	四十年前，Prudence是一个糟糕的名字，但是我给你的妈妈起了名，所以让Jim给另一个双胞胎起名似乎才公平。
tr	O	当我证实了他的怀疑时，纱门开了，并且Trenton走下了台阶。
tr	O	天很晚了，因为我失眠了，并且我失眠的时候经常在黑暗中坐在花园里。
tr	I	Perhaps the uncertainty was part of the test , but he wished his superiors would be more clear ?
tr	O	她正往楼上走，但是我知道得更多。
tr	I	The attached hoods pulled over their heads and placing their arms in the intended slots the zip was pulled up .
tr	I	He 'd raised his children here and he 'd grown up on this tiny , floating world .
tr	O	他们三人带着枪，但是另外两人没有。
tr	O	她还未能完全避开雨水，不过，并且她一边用毛巾擦拭裸露的胳膊，一边打着寒颤。
tr	O	他的注意力在啤酒和凝视水中来回切换。
tr	I	We are opposites , but I like him .
tr	O	他似乎总是知道她在想什么，并且这足以让她自己都感到尴尬。
tr	I	I 'm not her , but she 's inside me .
tr	I	She figured she 'd go along for the ride , but she hadn 't heard of most of these stores .
tr	O	他掌控了我，并且他心知肚明。
tr	I	Even Dubois grew silent as Mab walked across the grass toward him , and a hush fell over the crowd .
tr	O	当他绕着马车移动时，她跟着，并且灌木丛选择沙沙作响而不是让开。
tr	I	I acted out and I got mad .
tr	I	The hurt he saw there made him want to wince and suddenly he could read her expression once again .
tr	I	She had seen a figure before , but Lucy didn 't see anything either .
tr	O	他所知道的只是他曾经死了，并且现在他不是了。
tr	I	He had been trained to view situational friendships with caution and from a psychiatric perspective it was clearly a situational friendship .
tr	I	There was no putting this conversation off ; but an afternoon of salvaging what he could from his life 's work had obviously taken its toll .
tr	O	这是一个周六的夜晚，并且他已经在海湾的D.D.餐厅订了位。
tr	O	塞尔的脸变得苍白，但是他没有退缩。
tr	I	She couldn 't look away from Mrs. Parker 's face to say hello to her stepdad , but Tom Galen 's voice filled Kylie 's ears .
tr	I	She wanted to let the others in on it , and she knows this shit is about to get real .
tr	I	Robert only chuckled , and Jamie ignored her .
tr	I	She felt a wave of desire rise up inside him , eclipsing that glowing beacon and Paul groaned .
tr	I	The hallway to the right of them had a strange red glow to it , and the one straight ahead was completely dark .
tr	I	My eye was twitching , and my head felt odd .
tr	I	I hoped that Conrad did not feel that and my body tensed when I heard his voice .
tr	I	Seeing Lili 's uncertainty had bolstered me immensely , but it was too early to know .
tr	I	Only one hundred of those are elevated and only one thousand students are enrolled each year .
tr	O	伦敦的那一头到处都是摄像头，而且我们的人会把手摔得很严重。
tr	O	我松开了紧握的拳头，并且泥土从我的指缝间渗出。
tr	I	This time she didn 't back up , and he took a step closer to her .
tr	I	She shook me off , leaning out of my reach but I reached for her arm .
tr	O	它们会活下来，而且它们会有小狗。
tr	O	他告诉了某人他是一个无神论者，而且这个消息瞬间传开了。
tr	O	她无法想象那个年轻女子独自在夏威夷，但是如果她真的在那里，玛拉会利用这一点来为自己谋利。
tr	I	I went over to Tegan , who still wore that odd , frozen look , and they all raised their mugs .
tr	I	Instead I began to count my heartbeats , and eventually I lost all sense of time in the darkness .
tr	O	他把它拍开了，并且它消失在了船尾的某个地方。
tr	O	他像往常一样愉快地说着，但是此后他爬坡的速度快了一些。
tr	I	I stop him , but Realm immediately starts to apologize .
tr	O	他们都停下来对朋友们微笑，但是巴沙注意到有几道奇怪的目光投向他。
tr	O	他总是对我们所做的事情如此用心，并且我很喜欢。
tr	I	So to this day Portals must be created by warlocks , and this kind of runic manipulation isn 't available to Shadowhunters .
tr	I	There is absolutely no mention about my failed Take Back the Night project , and I work hard not to blush at his name .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to notice , but Graham 's Collar was still sparking .
tr	O	笑声打断了我的注意力，并且我循着声音又看向那些站在不远处的双腿。
tr	I	I was at a place where it didn 't matter , but I didn 't know what Ross 's response would be .
tr	O	其他成员没有提出异议，并且这只让我更加生气。
tr	I	Both times she was confused , sad , chaotic , and he had merged his mind with hers twice since rising .
tr	I	She kept her lips closed but Claire 's eyes opened wide .
tr	I	His phone was gone , but his charger was there .
tr	O	我伸手去握阿丽莎的手，并且我们都默默地握着。
tr	O	他们在315房间前停下，并且丽莎期待地看向维尔。
tr	O	我知道这不会给我赢得任何治疗加分，但是我感到如此痛苦，仿佛会流血。
tr	I	The village would become a tomb for the dead again , and if they failed , he would never wake .
tr	O	这不是最好的预警系统，但是这是我们所拥有的一切。
tr	I	Kellar nodded , and Kiel asked .
tr	I	Dread fills me , and I remember Zeke saying that it would take hours .
tr	I	Apollo hauled her back , but she lunged toward him .
tr	O	我认识迪的时间不过几天，然而突然间没有她的生活似乎难以想象。
tr	I	The smashed milk buckets lying in a drift of snow under the shed , and cattle dead in the pen .
tr	O	甲虫告诉我们猎人来了，并且那时离开已经太晚了。
tr	I	They kept watch through the long days , and there were two who could bear the daylight , who did not need the darkness .
tr	O	山路相当狭窄，并且骑马出行实际上更容易，这让武志高兴不已。
tr	I	He was lost and his gaze dropped to her seductively swaying h * ps .
tr	I	I felt an overwhelming need for fresh air and everyone resumed whatever it was they were doing .
tr	O	对此，我毫不怀疑，但是我还没完。
tr	I	Everybody was looking on the gate where the monks would appear in a moment and the excitement was rising .
tr	O	如果她前一天没去科尔比，瓦莱丽可能会犹豫，但是现在她没有理由留下。
tr	I	That was what he was going to use to kill the dogs and he made the poison balls of meat about the size of baseballs .
tr	I	Amira took her hand , and Helen was in reach .
tr	I	Each day before then , I wished it wouldn 't come and three days came by .
tr	O	她朝那女人脸上喷去，但是除了痛苦地闭上眼睛，那似乎并没有让她感到不安。
tr	O	他第二次问道，并且我感到我的脸皱了起来。
tr	O	他故意又做了几次，这很幼稚，但是他喜欢看他们退缩。
tr	I	Eventually we have to get on all fours to crawl and we go from standing full up , to crouching down .
tr	O	她给了他们很多，并且他们也同样决心回报她。
tr	I	I knew he was sleeping , and Vic 's eye was closed .
tr	O	他正要冲上前去，但是我抓住了他的手臂，把他转了过来。
tr	I	Kelly most likely learned her lesson , and Daren should have been the bigger person .
tr	O	也许她应该感到内疚，但是我也应该。
tr	O	大多数日子里，他们都把剪辑室的门关着，但是一小群人涌入走廊激起了她的好奇心。
tr	I	Billings had despised him , too , and the youngest had been Randy Smith .
tr	I	The speaker wasn 't a man , and it was not behind me , though .
tr	O	我们把车开进了车道，并且他关掉了引擎。
tr	I	She knew he was hunting her , but she couldn 't see him yet .
tr	O	下一个等级是魔法师，并且你必须参加考试才能从一个等级晋升到另一个。
tr	O	保险杠的撞击完全斩断了头部，但是却没有时间惊叹我的成就。
tr	I	It was possible that they were manipulating her to get to me , but I didn 't believe Debbie was working with our foes .
tr	O	她试图让自己的语气听起来随意、平稳，但是涌上心头的情绪让她的声音颤抖。
tr	O	她是只狼人，并且她害怕我。
tr	I	She knew with absolute certainty she couldn 't get away , yet his touch on her arm was very light .
tr	I	He didn 't look surprised , but Jack looked down at it .
tr	O	床离窗户有五英尺，并且窗户上挂着灰色的乙烯基百叶窗。
tr	O	一声响亮的嘶嘶声响起，并且我惊慌失措地打开灯，却发现埃利斯站在我的房间里。
tr	O	她真的很讨厌被逼到绝境，但是她不会让加文占上风。
tr	O	我以为她会帮我完成我的计划，但是她反而良心发现了。
tr	O	她伸出双臂，并且他走进了她的怀抱。
tr	I	She imagined she was hearing their cries , and her ears tingled with the vibration .
tr	I	He actually stiffened , the old reflex returning unbidden and still inside the barn he heard footsteps on the path .
tr	I	I went straight to the centre of the room where I waited for the Council to speak and it slid open silently .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but I think she knew what Dornan was planning to do to my father .
tr	O	他打开门，并且我们走了进去。
tr	I	He hadn 't put it together , but yes , he knew something was up .
tr	I	My eyes were swimming in moisture , but I tried to pull myself together .
tr	O	我从没想过一次露水姻缘会如此彻底地改变我的生活，但是你永远不知道会发生什么。
tr	I	There was nowhere to go with the restraints digging into her wrists , but Mira tried to rise .
tr	O	莉拉熄灭了谷仓里的灯，只留下了一盏照亮他脸庞的灯，并且他以低沉哀伤的语调说话。
tr	O	眼睛和德拉的相似，但是他的眼睛是金色的而不是绿色的。
tr	O	它像墨汁一样在空中流淌，并且当它卷回到她的腿周围时，一个巨大的水晶球立在一个基座上。
tr	I	They found a big ledge on the tunnel wall to stay on , but Hades Hall was still angled sharply down .
tr	I	She 's barely getting it to budge and her feet are slipping against the ice .
tr	I	Her face stilled and she looked at me then .
tr	I	He wasn 't occupied long enough , but she decided to get out while he was occupied .
tr	O	奈姬可能是希腊的胜利女神，但是她也是我见过最美丽的女人。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what it was , but I felt something for him too .
tr	O	他张开双臂，并且我不明白。
tr	I	I was in too good of a mood to care , but I guessed what was coming .
tr	I	It was so hard for me to try back , but I knew she was trying .
tr	O	克莱尔哼了一声表示同意，但是这只是小小的慰藉。
tr	I	Luckily good sense caught up with her tongue before it had a chance to undo all their progress , but Angelina opened her mouth to defend herself .
tr	I	It was a barely tolerant politeness but Rachel had been nicer than most .
tr	O	她弯腰去捡它们，并且一个拨浪鼓从另一边飞了起来。
tr	O	我可能对他们撒谎，但是 我不能对自己撒谎。
tr	I	You 've got a good mind , and you know a lot about what 's been going on .
tr	I	It took a long time to even begin to feel normal again , and it seemed like it was almost killing me .
tr	O	他一口气喝下两杯，并且 他的头脑开始清醒。
tr	I	Suddenly we were parked in front of the bright office of the motel , and off the interstate we rolled at what seemed to me incredible speed .
tr	O	她需要他帮助尼卡，并且 他需要她才能生存。
tr	O	他的脸在我上方晃动，被泪水模糊，但是 我拒绝放开他去擦眼睛。
tr	O	鲜血从我身上渗出，但是 我感觉不到疼痛。
tr	O	他们认识我，并且 他们恨我。
tr	O	她正成为一股不可阻挡的力量，并且 没有人能阻止她。
tr	O	默瑟的目光落在我身上，并且 他的眼角起了皱纹。
tr	O	你只是这么认为，因为我们在一起待了太长时间，并且你应该保护我。
tr	O	我渴望占有她，胜过渴望呼吸，但是 我忍住了，先沉浸于她的景象。
tr	I	It was nice to hear , but I didn 't believe that .
tr	I	I finally knew what my enemy was , but I felt sick .
tr	I	It was freaking beautiful and it was awesome .
tr	I	Tess spent some time there last summer , and my brother-in-law Dare works with the kids .
tr	I	It didn 't tell me anything that Professor Metis hadn 't earlier , but I scanned through the report .
tr	I	The shaft of the spear made me see stars , and I ran right into it .
tr	O	那是一次完美的演出，并且乔治立刻想到了蒂米。
tr	O	他们知道一个人关于我所能知道的一切，并且我完全看清了他们，就如他们本来的样子。
tr	O	她的名字是布莱尔，并且她显然要离开了。
tr	O	她有一种邪恶的幽默感，只在几次性高潮后才显露出来，并且他喜欢看到这一点。
tr	O	我意识到天色已晚并且她可能准备睡觉了。
tr	I	I could barely even think straight and my temples were pounding .
tr	I	I turned to Willa , and the gawkers eased away .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁开了，并且它们像两颗巨大、黄褐色的宝石一样闪耀着。
tr	I	It was so black at night , and there were so many scary noises .
tr	O	我的目光瞥向酒吧里的那个男人，而且当我看到他带着明显的好奇心看着我时，我的脸红得更厉害了。
tr	O	安妮惊讶地发现自己在为范斯出头，但是她觉得自己不得不成为他的捍卫者。
tr	I	There isn 't an item out of place and the appliances are all stainless steel .
tr	O	哈珀回瞪着，并且加布里埃尔希望他屈服。
tr	O	我们简短地聊了聊，但是她告诉我她是如何爱上你的。
tr	I	Her eyes drift back to Blake sitting in the Jeep but she looks at me .
tr	I	Something about the way he held his shoulders told her he 'd given in , but his expression didn 't change .
tr	O	你是个好人，加里，但是你不是吸血鬼的对手。
tr	O	那个身高五英尺的令人厌恶的巨魔可能看起来不起眼，但是他是一只危险的野兽。
tr	I	We assumed he was the crusty old bachelor type and he 'd never mentioned a wife .
tr	I	Now your life is at stake too and you didn 't do him any favors !
tr	I	I felt excited about the day ahead of me , but Chapter 6 I awoke later than I had planned .
tr	O	它们燃烧着，用食尸鬼的油脂燃烧着，并且那东西痛得发狂了。
tr	O	门开了，并且席琳发现自己正凝视着索菲亚·雷德格雷夫那张瘦削而妆容精致的脸。
tr	I	The words in my mind burned , but I couldn 't speak a response .
tr	O	它必须提供一种我以前从未体验过的肾上腺素激增，并且我想尝试一下。
tr	I	Julia was mentally preparing for the school session and Chapter 33 Summer was coming to an end .
tr	O	我已经停止颤抖了，并且一股虚假的暖意流遍我的全身。
tr	O	对你来说，这在一段时间内会很艰难，但是我们必须离开。
tr	O	艾米没有察觉到她的担忧，但是凯尔察觉到了。
tr	O	我对她扬了扬眉毛，并且他举起双手以示防御。
tr	I	There is nothing remarkable about me , and my name is Ethan Chase .
tr	I	They went through security together and he met her halfway .
tr	I	This is what I want to hear , but that 's all I hear for years now .
tr	O	它靠墙放在两张沙发之间，并且我坐了进去。
tr	I	Silver didn 't have a slightest wish to touch him , and this weird guy wasn 't attracting her at all .
tr	I	She grinned and I groaned .
tr	O	我知道早就过了他的睡觉时间，但是我试图让他保持清醒，以防我们需要跑去医院。
tr	I	I regretted that my existence made life harder for her but no , she didn 't regret having me .
tr	I	You for yours , and I 'm responsible for my feelings .
tr	O	她听到了德文不悦的轻声嘶气，但是她没有停下来。
tr	O	德雷克扬起了眉毛，但是他的眼睛依然紧闭。
tr	I	They weren 't tall enough to bring me eye-to-eye , but the heels on my boots were killing my feet .
tr	O	它是卡利的邪恶之子的书，而且正因如此，它只包含宣扬邪恶的食谱。
tr	O	太阳炙烤着卡拉的胳膊，并且一股温暖的西南风吹拂着她的头发。
tr	I	Her skin is sallow and her shoulders are slumped .
tr	I	He tasted blood and the back of Ty 's head banged into Zane 's lip .
tr	I	There was one person I didn 't see , but I too was glad to see them here .
tr	O	当我对漫游车加压时它会膨胀起来，但是它会撑住的。
tr	O	卡洛塔努力不这样做，但是她还是畏缩了。
tr	O	我试图让莫摆脱那种想法，但是他说我根本不明白。
tr	O	我们的心怦怦直跳，而且呼吸很浅。
tr	I	She felt another twinge of disappointment , and Eric handed her the bag of chocolate .
tr	I	She always ignored it all , telling herself it was the beer talking , but he would start calling her names as she walked .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but her mom opened her mouth , obviously to scold Kylie .
tr	I	We found a black oriental jewelry box , and I am at the cabin this week on a hunting trip .
tr	I	The other team needed five yards for the first and it was now third down .
tr	O	他从没机会跟母亲告别，而且她也在纽约不辞而别。
tr	I	She obviously noticed I was miserable and it 's not like I could share this with my wife .
tr	I	She looked down at his feet , and she trudged on in his shoes .
tr	I	She forgave me anyway , but she stared at me , a softening in her eyes told me that she knew I was not being honest .
tr	O	我是她的孙女，但是我几乎不认识她。
tr	I	It was useless , but Duncan , tried his best to calm her .
tr	O	克莱默开始说，“你是什么——”但是尤斯图斯走了过去，用胳膊肘捅了他的肋骨。
tr	I	She swore she felt his fingers tighten slightly , as if measuring her arms , and the heat of his hands sank through her sweater .
tr	O	她忙着玩乐，并且我忙着……好吧，忙着。
tr	I	It felt like about a hundred feet down by the time the hallway leveled out but I had no real way to measure such things .
tr	I	The longer she was away from Chain , the happier she was starting to feel , and Scorch was sex on legs .
tr	I	She was not , and No wonder she hates me : because I was spared .
tr	I	Xavier only sighed , but I felt sick .
tr	I	I turned , giving him thumbs up , before heading into the change room , and he called after me .
tr	I	Uncle Pete manages the entire ranch , but my mom owns part of it .
tr	I	They headed outside and she quickly changed .
tr	I	His head still ached , but the queasiness had faded .
tr	O	太阳确实已经下山了，并且黑暗已经降临在这座城市。
tr	I	He slammed open the door , startling Eugene inside , and Aidan smiled back at Leah as they came upon the entrance .
tr	I	She grew angry , and he glanced down at her feet .
tr	I	I won 't do it again , and I made the mistake of trying to force you into something you didn 't want once .
tr	I	She 'd have no insurance , or she didn 't dare give him all the money up front .
tr	O	她的呼吸加快了，并且他发誓他看到她的眼睛变暗了，然后她才移开视线。
tr	I	The opportunity never really presented itself , but I meant to ask Dorian about the Yew Land .
tr	O	我在友善派总部的床上，并且空气中弥漫着锯末的味道。
tr	I	Sean wanted me to go out , but she wants me to stay put .
tr	I	She shook it off , but an image of Marc surfaced .
tr	I	I don 't fault you for that , and I understand you wanted to protect me .
tr	I	He waved back from behind his paper and I waved at him as I passed .
tr	I	He immediately rolled over , giving both of them an open invitation to rub his belly and Olivia unclipped Runner 's leash .
tr	I	This morning he had suddenly become adamant about going north , but West had been his preferred direction so far .
tr	I	She seemed content , and he spotted his daughter , Luanda , arm in arm with her new husband , the McCloud prince .
tr	I	My face flushed , and my heart beat erratically .
tr	O	她确实知道，并且她很感激。
tr	O	她在奥秘基金会工作，修复旧文件，并且她有一位名叫琼斯女士的知己。
tr	O	当她提到她在和别人约会时，他住在湖边小屋里并不高兴，并且她一直在开玩笑地谈论他。
tr	I	Your job is to make sure it stays open , and they 'll open the door .
tr	O	露比哭了，并且大卫带着一丝微笑抬头看着我。
tr	I	Silence takes the place of all and I have no time to cry out to Uncle Cassius before the world snaps to black .
tr	O	她表现得很防备，并且格雷迪立刻就知道她可能买不起。
tr	O	他眨了眨眼，并且我笑了。
tr	O	士兵笑了，并且他的战友们笑了。
tr	I	She could feel his h * ps press into her , and his body moved over her .
tr	O	当霍莉流产时，他已经想要孩子将近五年了，但是她却一直推脱他。
tr	O	出租车里很闷，并且尽管我想脱掉夹克，但我担心那样会使胡椒喷雾更难拿到。
tr	I	She snuggled deeper into his embrace , her eyes closing and his breath blew warm over her cheek .
tr	O	我走向厨房，并且她紧张地跟在我后面。
tr	O	一个正常人会为他们感到难过，但是我真的什么也没感觉到。
tr	I	It wrecked my sleeping habits , but it was part of the job .
tr	O	嗯，你的可能没有，但是胖查理的肯定有。
tr	I	The band changed and before long the gear had been stowed .
tr	O	你可能骗了我哥哥，但是你骗不了我。
tr	I	Connor crossed the empty street to investigate the building and men were pushing carts of produce into the building .
tr	I	His shining star stared back at him , and the door to the bathroom opened .
tr	O	我很抱歉告诉你这个，但是你的母亲摔得很重。
tr	I	Something inside of me broke , and Henry sighed .
tr	O	尼克明天本会把车开回来，但是她怀疑洛根现在不想听到尼克的名字。
tr	O	他看起来很诡异，但是我对他很生气，一点也不害怕。
tr	I	She knew it wasn 't her ... but sometimes she woke up in the morning after having crazy dreams about a girl who looked like her .
tr	O	也许我们应该给他起名叫甘地，并且当我们称他为泰山时，他感到被冷落了。
tr	O	凯勒凭借动物般的反应挡住了她，并且这个动作又让她的受伤的肩膀一阵剧痛。
tr	I	Then his hands slowed , and Damon started to rack the bal s .
tr	I	He wanted to get to know more about her , and Leigh was different in every way that was good .
tr	O	它来自树林，但是他无法确定具体位置。
tr	I	She felt the heat of a blush , and her hands flew to her cheeks .
tr	I	He moved slowly further into the dark passageway , and the deeper he moved the cooler the air became , unusually dry for a cellar he thought .
tr	O	她摇起手动车窗，并且它几乎冻住了。
tr	I	He knew that he was trapped , but Nigel thought of the car , thought of running to the Oldsmobile .
tr	O	我们不能再指望国王的心态了，而且我们绝不会让伊瑞斯登上王位。
tr	I	Right after breakfast , we headed out the door , and the night disappeared in the blink of an eye .
tr	O	他的格斗很快变成了摔跤，并且他把我按在床单上一分钟。
tr	I	Her khakis pressed , and her polo shirt was wrinkle free .
tr	O	她的精力有点过于旺盛，但是我很高兴她在那里。
tr	I	I was going to start wailing with grief soon and I felt my self-control starting to crumble .
tr	I	A little damp beneath my fingers , and I registered something soft , cool .
tr	I	I can 't close the distance , and he 's a mere five feet away , three steps from my arms .
tr	I	She shook her head , and I pointed to the bottle on the table .
tr	O	你本可以退缩的，然而你没有。
tr	O	我目前是一名女佣，但是我希望在一家商店工作。
tr	O	我父亲站在她旁边，并且他们某种程度上通过音乐交流。
tr	O	空气因愤怒而颤抖，并且攻击安德里亚的猫科动物逃走了。
tr	O	科迪又看了我们一眼，并且他的脸因决心而绷紧了。
tr	O	他了解他的马，但是他还有些别的东西。
tr	I	She knew what they would look like , but she could not see the ice dragon 's eyes .
tr	O	天使都是同一个人，并且天空总是同样的蓝色。
tr	O	有一个她一直以来都是其中一部分的秘密世界，并且现在加百列正要求她回到那个世界。
tr	O	帮助我度过了我生命中最糟糕的一个夜晚之后，并且我却说我不能？
tr	I	I always knew he was mine , but I wasn 't supposed to pay attention to him after I did my part .
tr	I	One of the men responds and Friday calls over her shoulder .
tr	O	我曾想象她以许多不同的方式说出这话，但是我的任何幻想都未能接近这令人窒息的现实。
tr	O	公文包在他有力的握持下显得沉重，但是沙恩的肌肉发达的胳膊却轻松地拿着它。
tr	O	他逐渐加快速度，但是他快要喘不过气了。
tr	I	We are so close and there is so much depending on this .
tr	O	几个月前的新闻报道，他们做了一个调查报告，但是这个故事被不断上升的死亡人数所掩盖。
tr	I	It was impossible , but she honestly tried to sit still for what remained of the game .
tr	O	我很长时间都在想为什么，但是最终它说得通了。
tr	O	乌云压抑地笼罩着小镇，并且即使在中午，夜晚也似乎主宰着一切。
tr	O	伍兹的手滑进了我的衬衫，并且当他把手移近我的胸部时，我颤抖了一下。
tr	O	他用西班牙语唱歌，并且每隔几分钟就说起英语。
tr	I	It doesn 't always last and Magic can be silly sometimes .
tr	O	也许他的足迹因降雪很快就消失了，并且那就是他们没有继续追踪他的原因，他不确定。
tr	I	We 're killing your friend , but wes , I 'm sorry .
tr	I	They are your lifelines , but they can be a pain in the butt .
tr	O	我是至高王，但是那并不能赋予我处理所有事务的权力。
tr	I	He did , but I don 't know how he managed it .
tr	O	他们是异世界里的异乡人，并且他们非常激动。
tr	O	地窖的舱盖上有一个舷窗，但是很难看清任何东西。
tr	I	Carol felt herself go weak and his hands explored her stomach in a loving caress .
tr	I	I had other plans in any case , and it would only have started an argument .
tr	I	It was the best I could come up with , but it wasn 't Latin .
tr	O	我的脸颊一下子红了，并且我把头从他身边转开，这样他就不会察觉到他的话语对我造成了多大的影响。
tr	O	它的眼睛也稍微窄一些，并且它身上有些东西让芬坦觉得它比它的伴侣更具敌意。
tr	O	我从未使用过，但是大多数成员都使用过。
tr	I	Garrett figured it was damned near time to give up hope , and her voice wavered .
tr	O	他脑中的一部分仍然坚信这一定是个把戏，但是丹尼斯不以为然。
tr	I	We stepped over people 's legs to get back to our spot and I took her hand .
tr	O	灯光消失了，并且手套缩回去了。
tr	O	她独自一人生活了将近一年，并且她很喜欢这样。
tr	I	Becoming grey , eyes losing lustre , but she was tanned .
tr	O	她用遥控器打开了电视，但是他们俩心里都有别的事情。
tr	I	Tania took the opportunity to throw a left hook at the opponent 's temple and it caused her opponent to drop her guard .
tr	I	It will not be forgotten , and none should dare strike against us in such a fashion .
tr	I	Now it was slowly coming back , but her hearing had been dampened .
tr	O	她挥了挥手，并且即使没有言语，我也知道她在说什么。
tr	I	I see where he 's staring , and he gazes out at the lake .
tr	O	我把我他妈的一切都给了你，而且你把它扔掉了！
tr	I	It would take more than that to intimidate her , but it was what he 'd intended by the action .
tr	I	One wasn 't immediately forthcoming , but he waited for an answer .
tr	I	Then you can double back after dark , and hopefully they 'll see .
tr	O	一个男人追着她，并且我的胸口因嫉妒而灼烧。
tr	I	There were weirder things in life , but I thought it was pretty random that Liam 's roommate had made the five-hour drive to watch me play .
tr	O	没过多久，门朝里开了，并且布伦南赤裸着上身站在她面前。
tr	O	她可能全心全意爱着他，但是当汽车着火时，她不信任他的判断。
tr	I	Like Jack , Brian hadn 't been , but she 'd been blessed with that .
tr	O	安吉莉卡扬起了眉毛，仿佛在质疑我，并且我对她皱起了眉头。
tr	I	Thankfully , that was the worst of it , but I could see similar feelings on their faces .
tr	I	It was a start , but it wasn 't enough .
tr	O	加里的眼睛突然睁开了，但是他茫然地盯着前方。
tr	O	作为一名士兵，这让杰森感到非常自豪，然而沉重的责任感却显露在他紧锁的眉头上。
tr	O	他们开车走了，并且他转过身看着艾比直到保安到达。
tr	O	杰塔抱起双臂，而且她的眼睛危险地眯着看我。
tr	I	I didn 't need to look to know who it was , but one of the doors opened behind me .
tr	O	我想带他们和我一起去和卢克住，但是雅各布太聪明了。
tr	I	The silver snaking its way through him was pure agony , but the hooks tearing through his body were bad enough .
tr	O	瓷砖在她膝盖下感到冰冷，然而汗珠却湿润了她的额头。
tr	I	The blades began to glow orange with heat , and his arms began to ache .
tr	I	The warmth of it crept down my neck , and Josie let out one of those long sighs .
tr	O	他转过身，但是那个士兵却一直摇着头。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是她的评论真的惹恼了我。
tr	I	Your grandmother felt really strongly that your dad should know us but it was hard to deceive Jacob .
tr	I	I made my way down to the room and after I was done I thought a little exercise might feel good for me too .
tr	I	My fingers didn 't shake , but there was so much pressure .
tr	O	备用系统启动了，但是其中许多都安装了来自中国的新奇微型零件。
tr	O	周围有一堵矮墙，并且石柱支撑着门廊的屋顶。
tr	O	在那件事发生之前，我已经很擅长忽略那些了，但是现在感觉我好像又重新开始了这一年。
tr	I	I are too weak and he already thinks Jacob .
tr	O	蟋蟀不像麦克斯那样酷，但是他是我认识的最有趣的人。
tr	O	布林在要求不可能的事情，并且她知道这一点。
tr	O	那是一个紧张的场面，并且有时候你会麻木。
tr	I	Victoria turned in surprise , and Sebastian was there suddenly .
tr	O	我转过通往莱兰小办公室的拐角，并且我注意到他的门半开着。
tr	I	The situation with him no longer seemed dire , and this man in front of her was real .
tr	O	我的腿软了，并且我摔倒在沙发上。
tr	O	提奥回喊了一声，并且我们左转了，循着提奥的声音。
tr	O	我并没有那么自信，但是我知道他需要听到。
tr	O	然后她的头痛慢慢平息了，并且平静的蓝色调再次笼罩了街道。
tr	O	他的靴子每一步都在打滑，但是他继续前行。
tr	O	它把我从美好的回忆中惊醒，并且我把他稍微推开了一点。
tr	O	她遭受了一些重创，但是她以惊人的准确性反击。
tr	O	他拒绝回头看，但是当他坐进车里时，他终于转过身，透过熏黑的玻璃凝视着她。
tr	I	She starts zig-zagging through the hallway and a boy is in Megan 's way .
tr	I	Tomorrow she 'll be fine , but at times like this , it feels like Mom is broken .
tr	I	Liam took it , and nikolas extended a hand .
tr	I	She pushed to her feet and her head swiveled toward him .
tr	O	最终她的低语平息了，但是刀刃继续着缓慢而微妙的变化。
tr	O	他被锁在地下，并且她处于极大的危险之中。
tr	O	我的鞋子终于踩到了沙质地板，并且我小心翼翼地后退，远离梯子，因为肯齐也下来了。
tr	I	The images in my head are rich with detail , but they may not be in graphic form .
tr	O	他没碰她的任何东西，只是在她已有的基础上有所增添，并且这让她感觉好了一些。
tr	O	她闭上了眼睛，感到困倦，但是珍妮的话语让她恢复了清醒。
tr	I	The Italians got out of the way , and Sam stayed beside him step for step .
tr	O	希尼德身高五英尺十英寸，并且大部分都是腿！
tr	O	我极度渴望见到我妈妈，但是我也怀疑自己是否有足够的力量去拯救她。
tr	I	Following him the hobbits climbed down into the gloom , and he led the way .
tr	I	For three months , just about anything was possible , but he 'd have to wear awful , outlandish clothes .
tr	I	I can 't let it distract me , but it 's obvious she 's getting anxious .
tr	O	她垂涎欲滴，并且她的肚子咕咕叫了。
tr	I	For several seconds she said nothing , and she opened her eyes .
tr	O	惊慌之下，他伸手去触碰她的手臂，但是她缩回去了。
tr	O	独自支付对她来说太贵了，但是对于这条街上的公寓来说，这肯定便宜得惊人。
tr	I	There was no wax on it , but it was clean .
tr	I	I was ushered inside by a tall woman whose eyes lingered on me just long enough to confirm my identity , and the front door opened .
tr	I	Sitting up stretching his arms and Rat was finally awake .
tr	O	她感觉更像是活在别人的生活里，而且那也不是她享受的生活。
tr	I	Amanda quickly snuggled against her soft fur , but Iona was still her half beast .
tr	O	一分钟后那些人回来了，并且阿里紧张地环顾四周时挠了挠头。
tr	I	He lowered his head again , and his startled expression faded .
tr	O	她饿了，而且当一个女人渴望某种东西时，就没有必要去抵抗。
tr	I	Now he won 't give me the chance to get it back and I 've lost everything to him .
tr	O	现在那个噩梦即将成为现实，而且我不知道我是否准备好了。
tr	O	一个牌子吸引了我的目光，并且我笑了。
tr	I	She held herself carefully erect for their benefit , and Egwene passed several groups of sisters .
tr	O	卢克大步走下车道，并且克莱丽跟着他。
tr	I	She could smell the drink on him , and his face was close to hers now .
tr	I	There are days when a lot of people ... expire , and there are days when a lot of people are born .
tr	O	起初，我的尾巴慢动作般地摆动着，但是随着我与韦弗利交谈，我变得更强壮了。
tr	O	她不太喜欢计划的突然改变，而且她确实不喜欢与瓦雄安保的接触。
tr	O	大部分时间，她对他都很好，并且他喜欢和她一起工作。
tr	I	There was a light in one of the back offices , but the reception area appeared to be closed for the night .
tr	I	I didn 't look back , but he turned to look at me .
tr	O	放在他睾丸上的手，移到了他的阴茎上，并且那些灵巧的手指让他忘记了自己在想什么。
tr	I	Wooden chunks flew out of the door , and a shot went off , an impossibly large explosion .
tr	I	I couldn 't see the plane , but an airplane motor buzzed up there somewhere .
tr	O	她当然被邀请了，但是她不能去，因为她每十分钟就哭一次。
tr	O	我仍然系着安全带，它支撑着我的体重，但是我的头靠在方向盘上。
tr	O	尽管他自愿参军，他是一个独生子，并且他们让他待着不动。
tr	I	All hoped it would never happen again and nothing like it had ever happened before in the history of Astoria .
tr	O	他大声喊着她的名字，并且牢房的栏杆在他手中折断了。
tr	O	向右转，然后向左转，并且再转几个弯，在工厂大门前。
tr	I	She nudged me again and her red , forked tongue wiggled in the air .
tr	I	Flung it at her , following it with a punch and he grabbed a mug .
tr	O	当然，他配不上她，但是他吻了她。
tr	O	我的喉咙收紧得厉害，我几乎无法呼吸，但是我直接投入到故事中，逐字逐句，一行一行地。
tr	I	The parking lot was packed and I pulled into Lot B .
tr	O	然后他听到了一个巴掌声，并且他的胃猛地抽搐了一下。
tr	I	He looked away and his shoulders sank .
tr	O	我看向雷克斯，但是他看起来同样震惊。
tr	I	Small noises bubbled up to fill in the silence , and breath by breath , the roar of the explosions leaked out of my ears .
tr	I	She was the Assistant Treasurer and Philip was an Elder as well as the Assistant Youth Pastor .
tr	O	艾萨克握紧了她的手，并且她与他对视。
tr	O	他的话语让她腹中感到小鹿乱撞，但是她仍然双臂交叉。
tr	O	她的牛仔裤保护了她的皮肤，所以他的触碰没有灼烧感，但是这让查丝蒂的精力活跃起来。
tr	O	它不小，并且它不需要。
tr	O	欧文抓住了手铐，但是他却在笑。
tr	I	Surprisingly , so was Violet and Ben was right behind her .
tr	O	他动身去了曼哈顿，并且我无法阻止他。
tr	I	She knocked my socks off and Blake called out little things as they passed , words like , the love of my life .
tr	O	他会尽其所能保护她的安全，但是即使他也知道从炼金术士那里窃取信息是力所不及的。
tr	O	我只想让事情变得更好，但是我明白她需要对诺亚隐瞒一些事情。
tr	O	一切突然褪去，并且我醒了过来。
tr	I	For Louise it was one of the hardest things she had ever had to do , and they worked largely in silence .
tr	I	The ground turned up in a gentle slope , but the water still reached up to my chest .
tr	O	我一直都爱着大海，但是我想现在因为和你一起分享，我更爱它了！
tr	I	He did not feel even remotely inclined to do so , and he had not mentioned the fact that Elaine was his mother .
tr	O	它的所有轮胎都被划破了，并且涂鸦跃然引擎盖上。
tr	O	我是一只猫，并且他是一只鸟。
tr	O	太阳在几分钟前就落山了，并且我感觉好极了。
tr	O	他的怒气离他而去，向后消退，并且某种别的东西冲向那个女人，一种他不想感受的东西。
tr	I	The land was in their blood , and they were people like her father .
tr	O	他每次回去都编造借口，并且我那时太笨了，没能看穿它。
tr	I	Marty came in with a grin , and a truck pulled up just as Shawn got the last brush cleaned out .
tr	O	早晨很冷，并且雨势倾盆。
tr	O	最终，喧闹声平息了，并且莱帕德清了清嗓子。
tr	I	Yet I can 't stop thinking about it , and I 'm tortured by the memory of Trick giving in to me , to what we shared .
tr	O	克拉丽摸了摸自己的无名指，并且他的眼睛因理解而发亮。
tr	O	我静静地躺在草地上，并且我听到草地里有细小的生物在我周围。
tr	I	The room sways for a moment , and the thought of Skyla stabbing anybody throws me for a loop .
tr	I	Since he was tied down , there was nothing he could do , but he went nuts .
tr	I	She looks like I slapped her and Nora 's mouth snaps closed .
tr	O	你的拇指会搔弄我的指关节，并且你的眼睛会把我的目光俘获。
tr	O	我确信我看起来精神失常，但是没有时间去考虑那个。
tr	O	她是他灵魂缺失的部分，并且他终于完整了。
tr	I	Willing to start a family right away , and needs to care for home , myself .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure , but it could be Electra .
tr	O	她有她母亲的书，并且她当然可能认识一些家里仍在实践它的人。
tr	I	Then it happened , and David turned to go once the train started to pull away .
tr	O	我知道现在判断这是否会持久还为时过早，但是和她在一起感觉很对。
tr	O	其他叛军正在逃跑，并且我看到院子那边热那亚士兵也放火烧了农舍。
tr	I	She should not be at home , but of course , since he switched sides , he presumably did not suffer as much .
tr	I	Richard knew that all too well and it wasn 't going to be that simple .
tr	I	Each time I 'd been devastated by his news , and I 'd been in his private office twice before .
tr	I	We have made ourselves His enemies , and he is our only possible ally .
tr	I	The fan blew hard and the heater kicked in .
tr	O	眼泪自由地流淌，而且这又是我心头一刀。
tr	I	Although we won 't be together any longer , you will always be the other half of my heart and you are truly my other half .
tr	O	当她走得更近时，卡罗琳试图读懂她的唇语，并且一声低语的呻吟取代了寂静。
tr	I	Alix was stunned , and then Carol had arrived for class as cheerful as ever .
tr	I	His features became narrowed , and the fur had already begun to consume him .
tr	I	I knew there was more , and Patch locked eyes with me .
tr	I	He was suddenly working at a blistering pace , and his fear was obvious in his every movement .
tr	O	他母亲把他赶了出去，并且他叔叔也没有收留他。
tr	O	她轻声问道，而且我感觉就像被踢了一脚在肚子上。
tr	I	I need to fix her and she sounds broken .
tr	O	剩下了一些女孩，并且我迎上了她们的目光。
tr	O	这个家伙也会倒下，并且贾斯珀就会知道那些男人为何一直追逐维罗妮卡了。
tr	O	我不想回答，但是我发现很难忽视肖恩。
tr	O	早一个月处于同样的情况，并且她会感到自在。
tr	O	我抓起手机，并且我拨打了911。
tr	O	我遵循着一套特定的规则，并且我服从了，因为这些规则并没有要求我做任何事情。
tr	O	朱利安试图读懂她，但是那是不可能的。
tr	I	He would 've opened his eyes or surely he didn 't .
tr	O	布伦南确信电梯在移动，但是正常的重力感却消失了。
tr	O	海伦的兴奋在女仆惊恐的表情中骤然消失，并且忧郁取而代之。
tr	O	旁边传来一声叫喊，但是他没有转身。
tr	I	It wasn 't an unpleasant feeling , but my blood felt hot under my skin , as if it was boiling my insides .
tr	O	我已经为此忙了两个小时，而且我却一点成果都没有。
tr	I	She rarely wore any , but make up added something when occasion required .
tr	I	Only a faint glow remained above the pines to her west , and the sun was down .
tr	I	The room went still again and Bobby Wilson , the prison 's doctor , stood up .
tr	O	这辆面包车与这些杀戮事件有着明确的联系，但是他不知道那是什么。
tr	I	So far he 'd succeeded , and Voss was trying to keep her safe .
tr	I	Still he didn 't answer and I tried again half an hour later .
tr	O	感觉有些不对劲，但是我将此归因于特伦特计划的改变。
tr	O	她的肩膀抽动了一下，并且我知道她在努力控制自己时正在哭泣。
tr	O	这个提醒令人感到苦涩，并且劳伦斯感到他仅剩的一点耐心正在消失。
tr	O	我们有几个小精灵想让他调解一场财产纠纷，而且我需要上传一些文件。
tr	O	血管几乎是血的颜色，并且他喜欢那种样子。
tr	O	我闭上眼睛一秒钟，然后世界就变黑了。
tr	I	He charged , and the dwarf hit the ground .
tr	I	That drawing up , and it would be focus .
tr	I	I was convinced you were cold enough to do it all , but we had a list of several suspects .
tr	I	Her character was certainly better , and her business was more profitable .
tr	I	Still she shared a body with that demon , but it seems that Belinda was better at fighting Alfred than Edgar had been .
tr	I	Lena 's there and you 're here .
tr	O	后来我想到那个电话可能是科迪打来的，并且在某些方面，那会更困难。
tr	I	This just made me laugh inwardly , and he looked a little nervous .
tr	I	It would only put me in greater danger and Tara warned me against it , telling me that no cop would believe me .
tr	I	The door wasn 't opening and the knob wasn 't turning .
tr	O	我能感觉到利亚姆的目光在我身上灼烧，但是我 D 知道那样说是对的。
tr	I	She never thought about a man touching her , and her cat wasn 't close to heat .
tr	I	She opened her arms to welcome her companion and the dragging of paws over the floors echoed .
tr	O	我把她的头发从脸上往后捋，并且她的身体在我的身下开始颤抖。
tr	I	Caroline sensed he really was starting to take an interest in Chloe , but Kimball eyed her warily .
tr	O	费尔康纳瞥了他一眼，并且康威勃然大怒。
tr	I	I wasn 't going to rescue her , but a long pause stretched out before us .
tr	O	现在我本该死了，并且到达那个境地花了很多力气。
tr	O	你搞砸了我要执行的第一个让世界变得更好的任务，并且一时间我的信念动摇了。
tr	I	None of it registered , but Adelle was aware of him talking , of his arm reaching down towards hers .
tr	I	The group of teens heard it anyway , but she tried to keep her voice down .
tr	I	We will do our best to protect you , and whatever you decide , we will respect it .
tr	O	我没认出他是谁，并且我也想不出有什么能让我意识到他是塞尔奇。
tr	I	We didn 't have much choice , but this wasn 't one of our better ideas .
tr	I	She just had to break it that one time for Joe , but her rule was to never date guys from work .
tr	I	Yet there is no denying the spark of amusement lighting his face , and he 's not smiling .
tr	I	I marveled again at how quiet he 'd become , and I could hear the clock over the stove ticking .
tr	I	None were needed , but there were words they could say .
tr	I	I get the impression he 's spent some time considering the rumours and his words are thoughtful .
tr	O	他是个好人，并且违背自己的诺言显然让他很困扰。
tr	O	这些话是真的，但是他没有事先考虑。
tr	I	He had a cash reserve in the millions and add in a whole bunch of other investors .
tr	O	这让他措手不及，并且忘记我的力量总是很容易的。
tr	O	她说你没睡，并且如果你有我陪着会让你感觉好些，我可以留下。
tr	I	Her fingernails are beautifully done in baby blue , but her clothes are terrifically unfashionable .
tr	I	Yet I couldn 't believe what I was seeing , and I watched it happen .
tr	O	她开了枪，赛斯俯冲到地上，子弹从高处射偏了。
tr	I	She hugged me nice and Michelle could see my memories .
tr	O	然后她的眉头紧皱成了怒容，但是我看到了潜藏在下面的担忧。
tr	O	有更多的静电杂音，并且他用手捂着电话对某人的闷吼声。
tr	O	街边的商店都关门了，并且人们都把自己锁在家里。
tr	O	我当然错过了它，但是我能应付一晚。
tr	O	当然，它曾经是一只小兔子，但是这只兔子是因为完全不同的原因被吓跑的。
tr	I	It happens during this period , and there has to be a certain level of trust established .
tr	O	我现在知道自己内心是什么样子的了，并且我不再与它抗争。
tr	O	他没想过他会成功，但是他知道他必须尝试。
tr	I	Now he was up to a half-day schedule , but at first he 'd only seen a few .
tr	O	在洛杉矶地区的另一次停留随之而来，并且一切都进展顺利。
tr	O	我跑上前去，毫不掩饰地抱住他，但是他挣脱了我的怀抱，抱歉地变成了淡蓝色。
tr	I	It was better than I usually appeared , but there wasn 't anything spectacular about it .
tr	O	她试图与他交谈，但是他打断了她，在房子的另一个地方寻求平静。
tr	I	We faced each other and I did the same .
tr	I	I had to strain my eyes just to see , and the light was dim .
tr	O	爸爸十年前去世了，那时我七岁，并且米尔顿先生的妻子几年前去世了。
tr	I	He never said anything , but Dad knew Lando stole from his wallet .
tr	O	他看到西蒙时松了口气，并且很快西蒙就明白了原因。
tr	O	这是她对父母仅有的几段记忆之一，并且她甚至不确定其中有多少是真实的。
tr	I	Once the silence was broken , the noise level ramped up pretty quickly , and those who stayed behind began talking .
tr	I	Linda had hated having to do it but Fiona had been fine with it .
tr	O	那些话刺痛了他，并且格兰特被迫把反驳的话咽了回去。
tr	I	She always came back wanting more , but each time he 'd sated her .
tr	I	She directed us to some open seats and we gave her halfhearted grins .
tr	O	头顶炽热的太阳看起来令人感到温暖，但是他们离得太远，以至于大多数日子里阳光都无法使大气温度升到冰点以上。
tr	O	他提出要陪她去墓地，但是不知为何，她知道他其实并不想去。
tr	I	Half the glass is gone , and she takes a third taste .
tr	O	大门缓缓打开，并且然后金缓缓加速。
tr	O	很抱歉我们给你带来了这么多悲伤，但是一切都真的没事了。
tr	O	他已经被告知贵宾的到来，但是他并没有太在意。
tr	O	男孩子们可以带着他们的掌上游戏机，而且你甚至不会知道他们在后座。
tr	O	他的母亲走开了，并且迪恩和迈克抱成一团。
tr	O	简而言之，我们并非对所有事情都有答案，但是我们所研究的没有什么是看起来不可能的。
tr	O	马克提到了一些关于电子邮件地址的事情，并且联系将通过那个电子邮件地址进行。
tr	O	我们都在经历一段艰难时期，但是我们不会互相贬低。
tr	O	她的目光扫过我缠着绷带的胳膊，并且她的眉毛皱了起来。
tr	O	亚历克斯正在发起攻击，并且她不抓人质。
tr	O	他以前从未来过伦敦的这一区，但是那并不会阻止他找到回去的路。
tr	O	她的武器仍在她过夜的巢穴高处，但是她犹豫了，把她仅有的家族传家宝之一暴露在地面上。
tr	O	她一直是一个自愿的参与者，并且它仍然几乎令人难以忍受。
tr	O	我几乎已经认定她是个被宠坏的富家女，并且这让她更容易抗拒。
tr	O	我可能在其他方面都让她失望了，但是我不能在那件事上失败。
tr	O	她必须找到答案，并且她必须尽快找到它们。
tr	O	我知道你不记得了，但是我记得。
tr	I	He placed a hand to her back , and she wrapped her legs around his waist .
tr	O	我笑了，但是她是对的。
tr	O	这将是他们最后一次见面，而且他们都心知肚明。
tr	O	那一年我没有回到牧场，而且我把课程都暂停了。
tr	I	Lord saw the man do just that , and the shooter needed to move .
tr	O	我的手拂过他的头发，而且我感到一阵兴奋，几乎和蒂尔魔法中闪过的那些一样电光火石。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but his body was rigid .
tr	O	没有人知道细节，但是他们认为发生在我身上的任何事情都与你离开的原因有关。
tr	I	At a guess , that was who it was , but Evie had never met Viv 's mother .
tr	I	When we do , the terms of our deal will be abolished , and we will find your brother .
tr	O	我的身体状况不完美，但是我认为阿彻会忽略任何不完美之处。
tr	I	You wanted another and the point is that I wanted one thing .
tr	O	拿着它，并且你可能会找到中立之地。
tr	O	我们住在最富裕郊区最好的房子之一，而且她有一个没有自己孩子的丈夫。
tr	O	她努力不笑，她确实如此，但是她的嘴唇还是在她目光与他相遇时抽动了。
tr	O	他很快就来到我身边，并且我依偎在他的怀里，准备入睡。
tr	I	Then I was gone , and accepting the fate that had finally caught up with me , I inhaled my final breath .
tr	I	All the cards were stacked against him - and he was struggling against the impossible .
tr	I	I 'll do it , but I 'll have to find a way to get out of my contract .
tr	I	I pulled away , and he slung his arm around my neck .
tr	O	他不仅满意，但是他欣喜若狂。
tr	I	He drew her into him and she landed against his chest .
tr	I	She finally got a glimpse into his soul , and he led her through his front door .
tr	O	起初苏珊娜拒绝了她的提议，但是现在当他们接近旅馆时，她很高兴不再孤单。
tr	I	Her things covered most of the available surfaces in his chamber and they were also unpacked .
tr	I	She got the fame and I got the shaft .
tr	I	He needed to deal with this first but he needed to find Aurora .
tr	I	I was but I tried not to glare at Nichole .
tr	O	埃弗里皱了皱眉，当一辆出租车停了下来并且她和朋友们挤了进去的时候。
tr	O	杰克逊扬起了眉毛，但是他的眼睛因挑战而闪闪发光。
tr	O	厨房是房子里唯一被动过的房间，并且这里只有电器被更新了。
tr	O	我把手伸进口袋拿出手机并且快速拨打了她的号码。
tr	O	我想移开视线，但是我做不到。
tr	I	You 're a physician , and you 've got that white lock in your hair .
tr	I	Her focus was on Byron , but she spoke to the officer .
tr	I	I wanted to ask them something , but I should have stayed with you .
tr	I	I 've always wondered if I 'd be any good at them , but I was never much into sports .
tr	O	他感到格格不入，但是他也感到有义务留下。
tr	I	Ty shrugged out of it obediently , and he reached up to unzip Ty 's jacket .
tr	O	他们都期待地盯着我，并且我不知道如何回答。
tr	O	他多次被索普警长带走，我都在他身边，但是没有人多说什么关于我的事。
tr	O	他沉浸在自己的思绪中，并且他不让我靠近他。
tr	O	从未中断接触，布伦南将她倒退着推入一个储物柜中，并且他们的身体融为一体。
tr	O	我问了，并且她退缩了。
tr	I	It 's a lot different than what you 're used to , but it 's pretty here , don 't get me wrong .
tr	O	妈妈的肩膀开始颤抖，并且我知道她在哭。
tr	O	他的双肩放松了，并且他似乎对动物很感兴趣。
tr	O	他说话的语气很温和，但是他的声音里也暗含着一股威严。
tr	O	我呻吟着说“不”，并且试图挣脱他的束缚。
tr	O	他用牙齿咬住下唇，并且我确信他是为了忍住笑。
tr	I	I can see the fear in her eyes that she has gone too far , and she withdraws from me slightly .
tr	I	Those who know have never betrayed us , but not all of them are privy to our secrets .
tr	O	她原以为克莱尔是单独行动的，但是看起来这位女士从她的情人那里得到了一些帮助。
tr	O	我最终还是会弄明白的，并且当我弄明白时，我会把她撕碎。
tr	O	她咬紧牙关，并且再次有意识地停止了翻白眼。
tr	O	剧痛猛烈地袭向她的头颅，并且她双手抱住了头。
tr	O	她把他的车钥匙扔向他，并且他差点没抓住，钥匙就要掉下边缘滚进茂密的灌木丛里了。
tr	O	它看起来很泥泞，但是这不是抱怨的时候。
tr	O	我不太相信这是个好主意，但是我也会支持你。
tr	I	I was wearing a hat , and we were mostly under tree cover .
tr	O	车门砰地关上了，并且捷豹的引擎咆哮着。
tr	O	末端有个水泡，并且我看了它就想哭。
tr	O	我的人说他们消失在商店后面，并且他们在那里待了三，也许四分钟。
tr	O	我压力很大，并且我需要缓解。
tr	I	I stepped into the room with them and my curiosity got the better of me .
tr	O	他们拿走了人行道上的边桌，并且瑞彻坐回了他之前用过的那个座位。
tr	I	We could do it ourselves or we could either let the enemy through the line .
tr	I	We do not possess their strength , but we are all made of light like the angels .
tr	O	毕竟这是适者生存，并且幸运的是，这次他们是适者。
tr	I	John Smith stood in the entrance and the dressing room door swung open .
tr	I	His actions struck her as extremely paranoid , but Marguerite could understand Aristotle 's concern .
tr	I	I didn 't know your past at the time , but I didn 't want it to happen .
tr	O	我听不清他说什么，但是她的身体放松了，直到她让自己靠在他身上。
tr	O	他们可以为此争论一整天，但是有什么意义呢？
tr	O	停顿了一下，并且接着他低声笑了出来。
tr	O	光线此刻是他的身体最不在乎的，但是他想看到凯莎坠落时的样子。
tr	I	He didn 't think she would miss him either , and he wouldn 't miss her .
tr	I	He stopped in front of the majestic huge black horse and he ran towards the horse baffled as to what had happened .
tr	O	我觉得他没穿白大褂，但是他肯定戴着乳胶手套。
tr	O	他没有，并且左轮撞上了一个车辙。
tr	I	There was absolutely no way I was going back in there , but he motioned toward the office .
tr	I	It shows the level of commitment everyone has toward helping us , but turns out he wasn 't .
tr	O	巴士开走了，并且侍僧不见了。
tr	O	我什么也看不见，但是我知道我不是一个人。
tr	O	气味没那么糟，但是那是他闻过的味道。
tr	O	迫击炮总是供应不足，但是发现了十几门。
tr	I	She felt as if she was drowning and a wrenching movement made her swallow water .
tr	O	他对黑暗领主的奴役可能已经结束了，但是他是吸血鬼的叛徒。
tr	O	那里会有媒体，并且我们需要将威廉塑造成一个稳定、适应良好、拥有健康关系的成年人。
tr	O	他点了点头，并且她继续了。
tr	I	It must have been a lot of work , but I 'm still not sure what you did to win her over .
tr	I	It also comes with its share of risk , but the clans are full of outlaw types , who glory in frontier life .
tr	O	劳伦的目光迅速抬起与凯莉的目光相遇，并且她从朋友那里得到的眼神说明了一切。
tr	I	A feeling of giddy excitement was filling me as I looked around , but I waited patiently .
tr	O	卢卡斯知道他领导人脑子里可能在酝酿什么，但是他不会让他的导师好过。
tr	I	His fingers brush my shoulder and he drapes an arm over the headrest behind me .
tr	I	She started to grow nervous and the room was utterly silent .
tr	O	我感觉我好像在抛弃她，但是她比茉莉有更好的机会。
tr	I	She dashed forward under the balcony , out of the line of fire , but he raised a pistol .
tr	I	There was a stack of disposable diapers on the coffee table , and a white bassinet was set up in the living room close to the sofa .
tr	O	那些悬崖会在我和我的室友都离开很久之后依然存在。
tr	O	毕肖普的控制松开了，并且克莱尔向后跌倒在迈克尔身上。
tr	O	我的肺里已经没有多少空气了，但是剩下的那一点也伴随着喘息声被猛地挤了出去。
tr	O	米诺斯从船上弄到了一批烟草，并且我们正以高价出售，这将带来丰厚的利润。
tr	O	关闭几十根管道只用了15分钟，但是到那时最严重的损害已经造成了。
tr	I	He leaned toward me , and Benji 's face compressed .
tr	O	他照做了，但是她能看出他没有看见她。
tr	I	She took a steadying breath and butterflies stirred in her gut .
tr	I	Lil , startled by Amy 's fair coloring , cowers back , but she reaches for Lil .
tr	I	She felt herself drifting off , and her eyes were fluttering closed .
tr	I	They tickled the rooftop of the cottage , and a slight breeze pulled tree branches down .
tr	I	I 'm ready to kill him and I know who attacked my family .
tr	O	她不知道他那样说是什么意思，但是听起来不像是在侮辱人，所以她就让它过去了。
tr	I	There 's no time for caution , but the surface is coated in ice .
tr	I	His tongue clung to his palette but Strang tried to open his mouth .
tr	I	It shocks me a little and Daisy growls under her breath .
tr	O	贝克特医生的表情犹豫了，并且他靠得更近了。
tr	O	他拍了拍手，并且灯亮了。
tr	I	T. is twenty-two and I am thirty-five .
tr	I	Something distracted her , but she thought to reassure him .
tr	O	我受托保管它们，或者更确切地说，是我父亲。
tr	I	You know it , and I was joking .
tr	O	她可能不太会做饭，但是她很会缝纫。
tr	I	Nothing he could do would stop it , but it was not bleeding at all fast .
tr	I	I hoped they 'd leave me alone , too , and I didn 't interfere with other people 's choices .
tr	I	His heart soared , and Tar recognized the spirit .
tr	I	I think the tub had been its mouth and there was definitely something gigantic beneath this so called inn .
tr	O	爪子抓伤了她的皮肤，并且血滴顺着她的脸颊流下。
tr	I	A wicked law took her away , but my grandma tried to help us .
tr	O	任避开了直接看他，但是他的嘴唇因不屑而紧抿。
tr	I	I 'd never tried to get to know him well enough to figure out why , but Trenton had always stood out to me .
tr	O	Zane的手滑过我的腰，并且我咯咯笑着把他推开。
tr	I	Mrs. Holt 's lover had been murdered right after Collin had identified him and so far he had been lied to by Dr. Holt 's secretary .
tr	O	就在那时传来一阵噼啪声，并且贾里德扫视了一下他右边的大桌子。
tr	I	He glanced at her in surprise , and Charlie guessed .
tr	O	这个地区的人们会因哥布林而蒙受巨大损失，并且他们邻近大山使他们变得脆弱。
tr	I	That was all I cared about and Jules seemed to like me .
tr	I	Mine was primarily a physical manifestation , and gentry magic expressed itself in a wide variety of forms .
tr	O	我当时已汗流浃背，并且我汗水里的盐分灼烧着我身上覆盖的开放性伤口。
tr	I	They could see symbols in the silvery metal and three sides were already clean .
tr	O	他的话语说一套，但是他的语气却说的是另一套。
tr	O	他热爱这样的生活，但是他将不得不做出调整。
tr	I	His attitude stung , but Grace gritted her teeth to keep from saying something she 'd regret .
tr	I	His hands began to sweat and Tom 's muscles tensed in his neck .
tr	I	I pulled Marcus into the dream , and that put us at plan B .
tr	I	My body froze , and he dropped the photo in my lap .
tr	O	她点了点头，并且我重新打开了音乐。
tr	O	她设想一个越南小渔村被彻底摧毁，并且只有这个人，这个吸血鬼，约翰尼，还站立着。
tr	I	I would never stop fighting for her , but she might 've been ready to give up .
tr	O	伯内特迈步走着，并且凯莉跟着他。
tr	O	我努力倾听，但是它没有传来。
tr	I	My soul didn 't , but I lost my memory .
tr	O	光环掩盖了这一点，但是我的专注力很差。
tr	O	德莫特对比尔很确定，但是他对埃里克听起来不那么确定。
tr	O	企业纷纷倒闭，并且人们正在全球动荡之后学习如何区分轻重缓急。
tr	I	Darren returned to the front , and Mrs. Greenleaf said .
tr	O	他会有以前留下的华丽衣物，但是他将无法负担如此阔绰的仆人。
tr	I	Dashed to the other side of the mattress , out of Parker 's reach and it jumped back up anyway .
tr	I	Some of the walls had crumbled inward , revealing wet , red clay and all of the shelves lining the walls of the garage had been overturned .
tr	O	他得到了他所追求的，并且他的征服者队伍也会得到供养。
tr	I	Still it would draw some attention , but granted , everyone would think I was mental .
tr	I	He 's nowhere to be found , but I search for Will .
tr	I	It was a tenuous moment , but Cassie felt the crushing sense of helplessness she 'd been experiencing for days slightly rise .
tr	O	我爸爸在我们回到家后问了，并且我把我的行李箱放到了我的房间里。
tr	I	She already had enough distractions , but the distortion of her emotions was strange .
tr	I	My voice come out sounding pathetically wounded , but I 'd wanted to sound harsh .
tr	I	She knew everyone , and Julie had lived in this town for almost twenty-five years .
tr	O	当他们的飞行器猛地向前冲时，他抓住她的手臂并稳住了她。
tr	I	He was waging a hopeless war and aurelius seemed to be my only champion in this cause .
tr	O	蕾玛考虑过与他们搏斗，但是那不会有任何好处。
tr	O	他喜欢《戈默·派尔》的旧重播，并且每次他都会完美地模仿那个标题角色。
tr	I	Although she smiles , I 'm not sure she really gets it , and when we visit Lacey , we tell her some of them .
tr	I	He doesn 't have much of a choice but he doesn 't want me to pay him back for it .
tr	O	电梯门开了，并且艾什惊讶地眨了眨眼。
tr	O	把所有这些结合起来，所以索林就不算数了。
tr	O	喜爱之情并未夸大，但是爱意却清晰可见。
tr	I	There seems to be a small glitch that requires my urgent attention but I would handle it myself .
tr	I	There was no time to stop and there was no time to think .
tr	O	她为此恨自己，但是她又能做什么呢？
tr	I	Bogie walked in and the door opened .
tr	I	He certainly slept well , but Renton had not intended to sleep at Adams ' bedside .
tr	I	She counted twenty-two cells , and the fourth hallway veered right again .
tr	I	He shifted , absorbing the blow with his thigh , but she tried to knee him in the balls .
tr	I	She 'd hurried to do the cleaning while Julia was otherwise engaged and she 'd heard the American woman on the phone in the kitchen .
tr	O	储物柜开着，并且制服不见了。
tr	O	他向下望着森林，并且下面的景象变得昏暗。
tr	O	她已经把布伦南留在休息室了，并且那几乎是不可能做到的。
tr	O	他可能会为此后悔不已，但是她让他完整了。
tr	I	It was to flee to safety and I had one purpose .
tr	I	An uncomfortable silence ensued and she followed him into the next compartment .
tr	O	笑容裂开了，但是它是歪斜的。
tr	I	That is not unusual but he stays to himself .
tr	O	他一生都被预言所淹没，然而他们中没有一个人告诉他会面临这个。
tr	I	They assist us , and we represent some banks .
tr	I	In that respect , they were in for a major surprise , and they were expecting Grant to come with her , as well .
tr	I	A good dose of courage would remedy the situation , but sure , he was a little nervous now .
tr	O	下面，水仍然是深绿色，但是安布罗斯开始焦虑地看向船舷外。
tr	O	还有一件事要做——一个最后的告别——并且他并不期待它。
tr	O	那时对我来说没有意义，而且现在对我来说仍然没有意义。
tr	I	My heart drops to my stomach , and Skyla doesn 't say anything else .
tr	I	She picked it up , taking a sip and Dustin placed a steaming mug on the table .
tr	I	In the stillness of the night , Jack heard the picture of the street but there was no window .
tr	I	Antonia didn 't look comforted , but she recounted the story of her fifth birthday .
tr	O	她看到了亮光……而且她独自一人。
tr	I	There would be nothing I could do to save him and I cried , so afraid he was going to die .
tr	O	它没有丢失，但是进展也不顺利。
tr	O	我不知道我怎么知道的，但是我相信你最好的一面，提图斯。
tr	I	His voice drops , and he hesitates , debating whether to say something .
tr	O	我不敢肯定自己是否同意，但是我不打算再重新提及这一切了。
tr	I	Mentally he raised his eyebrows , and Expertly Robert assessed the cost of the Italian silk suit Mercer was wearing .
tr	O	索菲亚转过头去，并且我得意地笑了。
tr	O	后厨房门突然响了，并且我感受到了一股熟悉的能量。
tr	I	He didn 't give a damn , but Laughter followed him .
tr	I	I was growing wary of him in the snow , and the snake at my feet couldn 't be trusted .
tr	I	Fighting , nor I 'm not shouting .
tr	O	她让我进去，并且我关上了门。
tr	O	承担这样的责任很难......，但是她必须抓住任何一根救命稻草。
tr	O	文森特没能从工地脱身加入他们，但是坎迪斯很好地处理了她的失望。
tr	I	She knew about words , and this was about words .
tr	I	All the noise was like a mist of another kind , and the cooking fires made a mist in front of us .
tr	I	He pointed to the door to the house and he got this mad look on his face , that was more sexy than scary .
tr	I	His nose dominated his strong features in typical Italian style and his lips were full .
tr	O	凯西盯着他看，并且他也回望过去。
tr	O	她把那辆霓虹灯车开到迪肯路上，并且我脑子里灵光一闪。
tr	O	她跪在坟墓前，并且一位女仆把花束递给了她。
tr	I	I choke , coughing into my hand like I 'm dying of the plague and Air catches in my throat .
tr	O	我看过去，看见野兽也在做同样的事情，但是这对他来说更难，因为他无法停止微笑。
tr	O	她正在洗头发，并且肥皂泡开始往下掉。
tr	O	我们会旅行很多，以至于我不敢确定你是否会注意到区别，但是说你会和我一起生活。
tr	O	这是他闻过的最强烈的东西，并且他不得不与自己的身体抗争，以免被唤起。
tr	O	挣扎着，我努力停止颤抖，停止摇晃，但是我做不到。
tr	I	We already know this is farmland , right , and look , the map says this levels out ?
tr	O	他们太害怕它了，不敢让你使用它，但是他们也不能让自己失去它。
tr	I	I had frozen , and that had been my chance to redeem myself in front of the Blackthorne Boys .
tr	I	They already knew that Cameron was right , but there was only a brief pause as people pondered the command to leave .
tr	O	随着那件事，内特走了，并且我又和吉米单独在一起了。
tr	I	She moved even closer to him , and her voice dropped .
tr	O	我们会战斗，并且我们将带着尊严死去。
tr	O	她的目光滑回到武装士兵身上，并且她皱起了眉。
tr	O	沙子下面有岩石，并且还有一块厚厚的金属板，我猜那是吊闸陷阱的一部分。
tr	I	When I 'd come out victorious she gave my hand a firm squeeze and she watched my struggle .
tr	O	门猛地打开，并且斯宾塞立刻立正。
tr	I	Mike 's voice resumed , this time a little less steady , and there was a long pause .
tr	O	她是我的商业伙伴，并且她知道这一点。
tr	O	他探身过去打开了副驾驶座的门，并且我爬上了座位。
tr	O	它看起来很平静，但是那是骗人的。
tr	O	他姿态中的慵懒瞬间消失了，并且他直起了身子。
tr	O	他怒吼着，并且随着每一个字，他的剑都更靠近我的脸。
tr	I	I could only imagine what a freak I sounded like , and astonished looks met me .
tr	O	他知道这很愚蠢，但是他确信自己遇到了挚爱。
tr	O	她的额头有些小皱纹，但是只有在她担心的时候才会显现出来。
tr	O	她绕到鱼缸的另一边，并且我跟着她。
tr	O	他的大部分肌肉在漫长的航行中已经恢复了，但是他的侧腹仍然感到疼痛。
tr	O	他是个好人，并且他是对的。
tr	O	在黑暗中很难看清他的表情，但是她看到了一闪而过的牙齿，好像他在笑。
tr	I	I dare not tease Him about it but the thought blind sides me again .
tr	O	如果我能看到它，也许我就能阻止它，但是因为我不能，我被打中了。
tr	I	Her bra came off after I unfastened the hooks , and her shirt was easy to pull over her head .
tr	I	As fate would have it , I didn 't have to but at that moment I knew I 'd do anything to get the position .
tr	O	现在西方有希腊殖民城镇，规模尚小但发展迅速。
tr	O	这在萨莎听来就像是在监视邻居一样，但是她只是点了点头。
tr	I	I forbid it , but my heart tries to race faster when he looks at me .
tr	I	It was obvious to me that he hadn 't heard a word she 'd said , but Neil nodded .
tr	I	She gladly rinsed her mouth , and a cold sweat trickled down her back .
tr	I	He stayed watching me for a second , and I winced out a bit of a smile .
tr	O	电话线仍然是通的，但是她什么也没说。
tr	I	The generators surged and the load dropped .
tr	I	You followed them , and you trusted your instincts .
tr	I	He told me to always give your all in everything you do , no matter the outcome and he was a good man .
tr	O	就过夜住宿而言，这是第一次，并且他们俩都有些紧张。
tr	O	他最先出现在画廊后面，并且现在她看着他走进了一个黑暗的角落。
tr	I	It was different , and I could feel whatever it was .
tr	I	I did know someone who might , but I wasn 't sure where Brandon lived .
tr	O	她还没有准备好接受他，并且麦克斯不习惯等待。
tr	O	他没有也不会改变。
tr	O	一大群人上了火车，但是他们一上去，站台就空了。
tr	I	She didn 't want the evening to end , yet by the time the server cleared the table she was full .
tr	I	The king wasn 't , but Thomas may have been distracted by the clowns activity .
tr	O	瓦莱丽可能对运动了解不多，但是她至少理解那个术语。
tr	O	那是他们的避风港，并且他们在那里度过了数小时。
tr	I	Slowly , painfully managed to turn my head enough to watch the wizard and I landed with a crash .
tr	O	她的臀部左右摇摆，并且她的乳房随着每一次跳动而移动。
tr	I	The waitress disappeared , and Stella ordered water too .
tr	O	然后她的头抬了起来，并且她惊讶地看着斯特凡。
tr	I	It didn 't seem to be working but she tried to explain this to Victoria .
tr	O	约瑟芬的周围环境陷入黑暗，并且她意识到自己晕过去了。
tr	I	His smile widened and he paused when Maddie whimpered in terror .
tr	I	Now you show up with this threat , and we haven 't seen you in months .
tr	I	It began to grow brighter , and as he wondered , the sky continued to shift in color .
tr	I	I could hear her running up the stairs , and she laughed .
tr	O	他的目光扫向手表，并且他从桌边站了起来。
tr	O	艾比的嘴巴张开了，并且她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	Our first report should be to our client , but his whole face was a question .
tr	I	She turned to see Lukas walking down the stairs , and his gaze lifted to a point behind her .
tr	I	I assured them that I 'd just had a really strange cramp in my hand , but they made concerned noises .
tr	O	他的手触碰到她的手臂让她畏缩了，并且她努力不挣脱。
tr	I	No matter how badly I wanted it all to end , life didn 't work that way , and I was still moving .
tr	O	他很生气，并且我不能责怪他。
tr	O	屏幕亮了起来，并且她输入了密码。
tr	O	他没有看到米歇尔，但是时间还早。
tr	I	Only one of them is chocolate , and there are only two things I can think of that leave brown stains like this one .
tr	O	她在他耳边喘息着，身体在他怀里僵硬，并且巴兰停了下来，只是抱着她片刻。
tr	O	她最坏能做的就是杀了我，并且我十年前就该死了。
tr	I	He appreciated her silent support and Zoe placed her hand on his shoulder .
tr	I	Francesca wasn 't sure she cared , but the profile they 'd been waiting for was finally coming in .
tr	I	Both of them had , and attack me , Charles had said .
tr	I	She shivered , and his gaze stroked her like a physical touch .
tr	I	I couldn 't find one to give , but I knew she was hoping to get a smile out of me .
tr	I	Every little bit helped , but she knew it wasn 't much .
tr	I	He dragged them along behind , and many of them reached Joe B. before he made it past the desks .
tr	O	当他们被认出时，更多的手电筒光束亮了起来，并且一阵松了一口气的欢呼声迎接了他们。
tr	I	The flower gardens surrounding the villa were all in bloom and the scent of the grass was sweet .
tr	O	她挣扎着想逃脱，但是他的手抓得很紧。
tr	O	这很愚蠢，并且我说了出来。
tr	I	Starting to fail , to slant a little more heavily but that September sun , still a smoldering summer ember .
tr	O	三艘船正在卸货，并且我们经过了另一艘在两艘拖船的帮助下被引导的船。
tr	I	He grew better at the task every day , but asking nicely was new to him .
tr	O	阴影遮蔽了他们的身体，但是动作却很清晰。
tr	O	那似乎让她情绪失控，并且随着她高潮，她的身体开始颤抖。
tr	I	I could contribute little , and the general discussion was now of politics , mainly of events in the city .
tr	I	I didn 't have time for finesse and we needed to get out of here .
tr	O	她的声音很得意，但是在那一刻尼尔却想拥抱她。
tr	I	I wondered if one just got used to the special treatment that came along with being famous , and Jackson didn 't seem surprised by the offering .
tr	O	我不知道我睡了多久，但是感觉像好几个小时。
tr	I	He persisted , but she frowned .
tr	I	Before I could say anything else , hauled me down the corridor by the arm and he smacked me on the ass .
tr	I	I don 't know why she 's feeling that way toward me , but she looks at me with what seems like pity in her eyes .
tr	O	我甚至偶尔对那条蛇感到怜悯，但是随后我便认为这是一种我负担不起的情绪。
tr	O	我甚至不在乎是否有人遇到麻烦而且他们正被一只凶猛的恐龙拖走。
tr	I	She hoped beyond all hope the moment would never end and her breath came faster .
tr	I	She knew how it must have sounded to him , and it was not what she had meant to say .
tr	O	我实际上挣扎着想从浴缸里出来，但是几个家伙把我按住了。
tr	O	泪水灼烧着她的眼睛，但是她却拼命地眨着眼睛把它们逼回去。
tr	I	They began to surge forward , and the instructor turned the aircraft onto the runway , gunned the engine .
tr	I	The tension between them hummed so loudly I thought Zella was going to leap out of her chair at him , and he glared at her .
tr	O	在这个过程中，她把他转过身来，让他面向房子，但是她却看不到有人在监视他们。
tr	O	人不应该孤独一人，并且我觉得你找到了一个你喜欢与之共度时光的男性朋友真是太棒了。
tr	O	诚然，这不会持续太久，但是我认为我可以做到。
tr	I	She recognized it , but the deep voice jolted her .
tr	O	炮击一直持续到第二天，那时敌人的城墙已摇摇欲坠，但是接着灾难降临了。
tr	O	事情已平静了许多，并且尽管看到杰米时有些人的心跳了一下，他却像黄瓜一样冷静。
tr	I	We have been inseparable ever since and if I had been just a fascination to her , it hadn 't stopped .
tr	O	她的手紧抓着腹部，但是她却没有了生命。
tr	I	I literally could not help myself but I knew how stupid I was being .
tr	I	The handle started turning on its own , but I started to reach for the knob again .
tr	O	他什么也没看到，但是还没来得及看，一声枪响就传来了，震碎了光线。
tr	I	Unlike usual , tonight the sizzling current made me sick with anxiety , but he always had that effect on me .
tr	I	I leveled the knife at him , and we were standing face-to-face .
tr	I	You can count on our gratitude and you 've made the right decision .
tr	I	They were alone , and they were clear .
tr	O	她知道加布里埃尔只是在打开一个传输点，但是她感觉好像他刺穿了她的皮肤。
tr	I	She 's deathly afraid of horses and after that she was never the same .
tr	O	他注意到她无力的握手，感觉像一根湿面条，但是他一点也不介意。
tr	O	他把它扔给我，并且我跳起来抓住它。
tr	I	Mom holds my hand , and Dad squeezes my neck .
tr	I	He wiped his fingers on a paper towel and Oliver 's mouth twisted into a lazy smile .
tr	I	Evidently Anita felt the same way , and already it seemed like an eternity to Cheyenne .
tr	I	You wouldn 't listen , but I told you before .
tr	I	We were working on that , but I wasn 't sure what type of relationship it was .
tr	O	房间对面的壁炉两侧是窗户，并且配套的沙发在窗户前相对而放。
tr	O	他似乎过得很艰难（是的，也许他确实如此），并且没有人想和受损之人打交道。
tr	I	They were seated at the water 's edge and Jack had made reservations .
tr	I	They began talking like old friends and the stories soon loosened their tongues .
tr	I	His blue eyes looked positively honest as he gazed at me , but I would have thought he was just trying to be polite .
tr	O	她不够快，没能藏住她的畏缩，并且尼尔看到她的肩膀因紧张而僵硬。
tr	I	The man of the house was fixing it up again and perhaps it was broken down .
tr	I	They walked over it without any sort of hindrance , but there was such a bridge here .
tr	I	You don 't have time for that , and you 'd have to become its guardian .
tr	I	I do anyway but I don 't need to ask .
tr	I	John 's yacht appeared stunning in its newness but Any of the moored boats would have done .
tr	O	你来写小说，并且我们来交付它。
tr	I	Now he was doing the exact same thing , and I 'd driven myself half mad trying to please him .
tr	I	It looks as though it must 've taken him hours to do and the drawing is so detailed .
tr	I	It was showing on her face , and those were great news for Lea .
tr	I	I wanted to trust him but maybe I was being suckered again .
tr	I	He wanted to change his mind , and he was afraid he would change his mind .
tr	O	帮他一个忙，并且他会给你一些回报。
tr	I	After a time he got to know his way about very well , and he found all their twelve cells in different parts of the palace .
tr	I	Her eyes began to water and the girl 's face soured .
tr	I	He followed me into the rehearsal room , and I muttered a greeting .
tr	O	费恩看着丽娜，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	He was carrying a bunch of silk handkerchiefs of varying colors and his arms were free of loose hanging garments .
tr	O	我说，并且他的表情变得疏远了。
tr	I	I thought she was going to tell me to leave , and she stayed rigid for a second .
tr	I	Their fur was different from wolves ' , and she 'd never touched a Feline Shifter before .
tr	O	也许飞船的引擎某部分仍在运作，并且有这种物质的积聚。
tr	I	Nothing could hurt me now , but deep down I knew I should 've been afraid .
tr	O	他的双腿像果冻一样，但是他强迫自己向前。
tr	I	He doesn 't move but I wait for him to open my door .
tr	I	That caught me , and her voice caught .
tr	O	中世纪的人们在很多事情上都异常务实，并且管教君主的问题就是其中之一。
tr	O	她再次跌倒，喘着气，并且他正站在她上方。
tr	O	他会就这样离开，并且一切都会结束。
tr	O	我被啃掉的指甲起初让我有些不安，但是后来我想起了我们的礼物。
tr	O	我紧张地笑了笑，并且他的一只手臂从我身上滑落。
tr	O	甲板起伏，并且舱壁摇晃。
tr	I	I can 't help myself , but I know I shouldn 't .
tr	O	他再次捕捉到克莱丽的目光，并且它们中的强烈让她停顿了一下。
tr	O	我感觉我认识她，但是我 E can't remember her name。
tr	O	在某种程度上我比海浪更强大，并且我对此感觉很好。
tr	I	He shook his head , and she looked to him .
tr	O	她对他的评论感到有些放松，并且他建议他们尝试一次返程。
tr	I	They had to work on their exits , but her sons knew how to make an entrance .
tr	I	The nightingale sang and Night came .
tr	I	Both lost her and they had both loved Vivian .
tr	O	在我内心深处我知道这远未结束，但是我希望它至少今晚能结束。
tr	O	他波浪形的头发看起来特别不羁，并且他的嘴唇弯成一个浅笑。
tr	O	我让她再多看着他一会儿，而且她说她打算在那过夜。
tr	I	With the Super Soldiers so close it was safer in his backpack , but he thought about using the Stone as his light .
tr	O	只需要一下击中头部就能杀死他，但是我继续击打着躺在地板上软绵绵的他。
tr	O	山羊有手，而不是蹄子，并且它们发出黄色的光，一个白龙的形象在他的手掌上舞动。
tr	O	我拉扯着裙摆，但是布莱克小姐拍开了我的手。
tr	O	他从未问我那天晚上做了什么，但是他再也没有用同样的方式看我。
tr	I	He knew their rooms , but Wilson couldn 't see my projections .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried so hard to hold back a smile .
tr	I	Still the four guards had nothing to do , and the fog lifted as the sun came up .
tr	O	站在她面前的男人是她的丈夫，但是他的脸仍然不对劲。
tr	I	You couldn 't then , but when we talked before , I said you 'd have to trust me .
tr	I	Those they did have usually weren 't anywhere near cute , and Engineering classes tended not to have many girls .
tr	O	她不知道自己要去哪里，而且她也不在乎。
tr	I	He knew he had begun to feel numb to it , but he didn 't feel any pain .
tr	I	She seemed unarmed , but with the light behind her , he couldn 't make out her features .
tr	O	她正在摸索着穿过陌生的地带，但是卡罗琳解决任何问题的方法都是迎难而上。
tr	I	My arm groaned from the impact of the fall , and I gasped , the wind whooshing from my lungs .
tr	I	I felt fluttery in my chest and he slipped his hand down over my stomach .
tr	O	我想掐自己一下，但是我不敢。
tr	I	It didn 't reach her eyes , but Abby smiled .
tr	O	我们可能没有喷气机那么快，但是我们可以比普通游泳者快得多。
tr	I	Tonight he decided to leave through the front foyer , but he often left the building through the lower garage .
tr	O	他呼吁其他士兵停下，但是他们都太分心了，因我的幻象而恐惧得蒙蔽了双眼。
tr	O	他的下巴掉了下来，并且他的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	Discipline had never been a problem anyway , and this wasn 't a military ship .
tr	O	我不知道如何，但是责任当然会落在我身上。
tr	O	他从这里——数街区之外——通过无线电控制着两件武器，并且信号现在被切断了。
tr	I	She didn 't put it down , but slowly , Locke lowered the gun .
tr	O	她紧紧握住他的手，并且他停了下来。
tr	I	He wanted whatever she wanted him to do , and Elena knew that Stefan knew what she wanted .
tr	O	我看向罗奇寻求翻译，但是他正看着地板。
tr	I	He didn 't turn it yet , but Henry let go of my hand to set his on the doorknob .
tr	I	You have the best balance of anyone I 've ever met and your ballet training comes in handy as you 're very flexible .
tr	I	He went still and his eyes darkened .
tr	O	他们稍微落后于他，但是他们随意地走着，以防被发现。
tr	I	I felt myself flush red and he grinned at me .
tr	O	她在我嘴里呻吟，并且我吞咽了那美妙的声音。
tr	O	他猛地坐起身，瞬间挣断了那些缠绕在他身上的带子，并且他猛地将她拉向自己。
tr	I	All the fight leaves me and after a few minutes my body relaxes into his .
tr	I	We are certainly not interested in deceiving you and we are not tyrants .
tr	I	His normally impassive face was changed , and he was staring out at all of this with unwavering intensity .
tr	O	我还没准备好给柯尔特一个答复，而且我绝对没准备好告诉坦纳我不想再见到他。
tr	I	I wished to get out of this dream world and the chain of events was a tangle too hard for me to resolve .
tr	I	I can 't help it , but I know you said I shouldn 't .
tr	O	鲜血飞溅，并且领主猛地向后仰头，他的手飞快地捂向自己的脸。
tr	I	I will try to answer any questions you have , and sit .
tr	I	That never dimmed their enthusiasm , but they were playing for buttons .
tr	I	He had always known that he never would be again , and he had not been close to his mother in years .
tr	O	我试图回报那个笑容，但是我的目光又回到了亚当身上。
tr	I	I 'd forgotten to slow down and I hadn 't been paying attention .
tr	I	I climb inside my room , then close the window behind me and I walk the ten feet back to my house .
tr	O	我走了进去，并且他把它穿到我身上。
tr	O	一排身披盔甲的士兵涌了出来，并且我的心沉了下去。
tr	I	I couldn 't tell in the dark whether he was crying , but I could feel Kiernan 's small body shaking next to me .
tr	I	Both of us be gone and I don 't want Will to wake up .
tr	I	He touched my tits and his name was Giorgio .
tr	O	工作每天都一样，并且她对她现有的客户名单几乎找不到任何灵感。
tr	I	They lent me this painting stuff and I talked to the Brooklyn Barons .
tr	I	There 's lightning zapping across the sky and the air is a little bit chilly .
tr	O	她刚刚离开了，并且她在收据上给你写了些东西。
tr	I	He nodded , but Aiden looked like he was going to argue .
tr	O	我伤害了那么多人，并且我还在这样做。
tr	O	凭着本能，我瘫倒在他们怀里，并且他们惊讶地叫了起来。
tr	O	这戒指很大，并且在灯光下它闪烁得非常厉害。
tr	O	他几乎在微笑，但是他的眼睛是严肃的。
tr	O	她不能让这继续下去，并且凭着本能她向他的力量敞开了自己，这次任由它将她淹没。
tr	O	一天的剩余时间慢慢过去了，并且他们没怎么说话。
tr	I	It 's changed him but I 'm not exactly sure what happened to him after that night .
tr	I	It was half-hearted , but Dingo barked .
tr	O	这间小屋，我只是租用，但是我在考虑购买它。
tr	I	From somewhere far away , he could imagine her answer , and he wanted her to tell him what to do .
tr	I	It 's going to be hard for a long , long time , and we lost three-quarters of our people .
tr	I	I turned around to see who was so happy and my brooding over Seth was broken by a girl 's giggle .
tr	I	The panic in her eyes gradually receded , but she didn 't reply .
tr	I	Abby slid her foot free , but it grabbed onto her boot .
tr	O	梅维斯设法完成了她的工作，但是她只做了被指示的事情。
tr	I	It made no difference , but she had hoped he wouldn 't .
tr	I	I didn 't like the idea of the archangels telling me what to do with my personal life , but I knew it .
tr	O	盒子本身被撞得面目全非，但是里面的贝壳完好无损。
tr	O	他抬起头，擦着眼泪，但是从未放开她的手。
tr	I	I am and I told you I was coming .
tr	I	His legs were parted just enough so that Jase could see the softest part of his inner thighs and Luis was wearing his short white bathrobe .
tr	O	我为自己的屈服而生气，但是我需要这笔钱。
tr	I	I 'll see if we can send a car for Peter , and I 'll have to run it past the chief guy here .
tr	I	She was not , but I was smiling .
tr	I	The stress had been compounded by a very special concern for her but he 'd been caught up in the drama with the rest of the crowd .
tr	I	It was a hollow effort since he knew exactly how the baby felt , but Simon comforted him .
tr	O	埃兹拉开始给她指路，但是艾莉亚已经知道它在哪里了。
tr	O	他开始跟着，饥饿支配着他，但是克莱尔的手轻轻地放在了他的前臂上。
tr	O	你的母亲在凡俗世界中把你抚养长大，并且那才是你所属的地方。
tr	O	他们每个人以前都有过成真的梦想，并且他们每个人也都在彼此的梦中出现过。
tr	O	我在问你问题，并且你没有回答。
tr	O	布莱恩问女主人我们是否可以坐在角落的雅座，并且一股尴尬涌上我的全身。
tr	O	我的头发湿透了，并且我的脸颊也湿了。
tr	I	We were in sudden motion and the whole vehicle shuddered once .
tr	O	他听到电话那头传来一声响亮的“嘘”，并且孩子们的说话声低了下来。
tr	O	你受伤了，并且我不会离开你。
tr	O	无论那是什么，他的目光都没有动摇，但是杰斯看到了他信念的力量。
tr	I	She 's making an excellent recovery and they shot her up with Afterlife .
tr	O	他的手指颤抖着，并且他的鼻孔张大了。
tr	I	I never would be and I never was .
tr	O	他紧紧抱住我，用他强壮的手臂环绕着我，并且我们更深地陷进了枕头里。
tr	I	Jeff was refusing to discuss it , but I was still pushing to try one more time for a little girl .
tr	I	She understood him because she loved him , but she didn 't understand what was happening .
tr	I	We just stared at each other , and I nodded without saying a word .
tr	O	我的手指按了进去，并且盖子滑开了。
tr	I	Nothing happens , but Firestorm Commando touches his glove .
tr	O	我把他推开，但是那只是一个非常暂时的喘息。
tr	O	我吞咽了一下，并且那个景象在我脑海中重播。
tr	I	Nobody could do a funeral as well as his family , and this morning , the scene reminded him of a funeral .
tr	I	It didn 't faze Julio , but Today might just be the start of those days .
tr	O	我正在扫描喜来登公园巷酒店的蓝图，并且一些我在谷歌地球上发现的奇特建筑，当我们到达时。
tr	I	Then I had to shimmy down further to get his shoes off , and I made quick work of his belt .
tr	I	Suddenly I 'm at ease , and a sentimental laugh fills me .
tr	O	他热爱教学，并且他热爱他的学生。
tr	O	她的脚趾很冷，并且她把它们移到了温暖的地方。
tr	O	托马斯从楼梯上方探下头，并且他的嘴巴对着下面的景象张开了。
tr	O	他爱她，并且如果有人值得上天堂，那就是乔尼。
tr	O	我们在飞行前和西蒙去吃了午饭，并且伊莫金在那里和我们见面了。
tr	I	Doing something more violent , but breaking a guitar pick was one thing ?
tr	O	那可能是真的，但是这不对。
tr	I	Just beyond them , I could make out a few other structures , and Trees circled the clearing .
tr	O	有些男人，像他一样，喜欢制造一点痛苦，虐待狂，但是他们努力训练，不要太过分。
tr	I	I reported to them and there are other investors in the mine .
tr	I	Every ship had its limits , but adventure was good .
tr	O	我的身体仍然因淋浴而酥麻着，并且我翻身面对他，俯身吻他。
tr	I	Ian completely ignored them , and Ainsley laughed .
tr	I	She knew that she had to make them count , and there were only ten rounds in the magazine .
tr	O	马龙对他来说仍然过于自命不凡，然而那个狂妄自大的混蛋从未骗过他。
tr	I	I 'll take you there , and pick a destination , Tara .
tr	I	His arms tightened around her , but her mind reached to his .
tr	O	我有些话想对他说，但是我无法确定是什么。
tr	O	然后是峡谷里的那些岩石，但是他不会放弃。
tr	I	It knocked the breath out of her for a moment , and she crashed onto a gravestone , landing on her side .
tr	I	He 's wearing his Uncle Sam outfit so this is money ball time and the crowd is really starting to get worked up .
tr	I	My hands are clenched into fists and my heart is pounding so fast .
tr	I	That just made him the shiniest turd in the pile , but the man was not as bad as most imperial brats .
tr	I	I was ticked off that he was going to make me ask them , and I wanted my questions answered .
tr	O	戈尔登点了点头，她很清楚地知道她的母亲可能想要为她好，但是她的继父肯定不是。
tr	O	她一动不动，像雕像一样，但是她的目光转向我的腹股沟，抚摸着我勃起的长度。
tr	I	I grasped for air and bess put me down .
tr	O	我从未想过要戴鼻环，但是我很喜欢它。
tr	O	这次她毫无疑问地照做了，并且他将手臂环绕着她，紧紧地抱着她。
tr	I	She blinked back her tears , and her vision became blurred .
tr	O	他们又让我感到内疚，并且我不想感到内疚，当他才是那个认为我是怪物的人时。
tr	I	These two were always game , but he had finally talked Dexter into the mission .
tr	O	当疼痛蔓延到她的胃部时，她感到恶心想吐，并且当疼痛蔓延到她的肺部时，她的呼吸变得困难。
tr	I	He set the beat , but I rocked into him .
tr	O	达森先生似乎比大多数人更不关注女性谈话得体性问题，但是也许她已经做得太过分了。
tr	O	它把我从思绪中猛然惊醒，并且我抬起头。
tr	I	Ruth was helping me and I was practicing witchcraft .
tr	I	You 'll be needing to keep a watch out , mind and it 's you that 's going out in the world .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她的脸亮了起来。
tr	O	孙子孙女很可爱，但是意料之外的可能会有点尴尬。
tr	I	Maia realized that Rufus had hit her in the shoulder , and Bat roared .
tr	O	几只杯子放在桌上，但是它们的主人却不见踪影。
tr	O	她的膝盖一软，并且她瘫作一团倒在地上。
tr	O	最小的那个碰了他一下，并且他的身体陷入了昏迷。
tr	I	His neck was a mass of scar tissue on one side , and he had eyes that looked as though they 'd been stolen from an eagle .
tr	I	Now he cursed as much as Ethan and the bastards had become active as hell .
tr	I	He didn 't respond , but I called to him .
tr	O	他知道贾斯汀并不比他更喜欢那个主意，但是他们需要在红山寻找新的目标地点。
tr	O	似乎察觉到我的不安，卡尔文把我拉得更近了，并且我让自己放松了下来。
tr	O	科林不喜欢那些几率，但是毫无疑问邓肯认为它们是一个激动人心的挑战。
tr	I	I appreciated him not saying their names , and I knew exactly who he was referring to with them .
tr	I	I was surprised to see him walking with Debbie Cates and Tuck met up with us .
tr	I	I had missed it , but Humboldt had said something .
tr	O	他倚着我摇晃，并且我慢慢醒来。
tr	I	Our conversation might be odd if others overheard it , and this was perfect for us , since I would be the only one ordering any food .
tr	I	He was glad about it and she stroked him a little .
tr	O	汗水从我额头冒出，并且我的身体重新开始颤抖。
tr	O	她很幸运虎鲸对她很温柔，或者她可能会失去那条腿。
tr	O	他的目光落到手表上，并且他的眉毛扬了起来。
tr	O	许多血魂被杀，并且我们正在败退。
tr	I	Nothing could be proved , but he was believed to be responsible for the death of a Mexican official .
tr	I	I thought I could see a hint of light within , but the windows had been covered over for a while .
tr	I	Junior returned his attention to Tucker , and the shifter reared back .
tr	I	Her voice sounded really interested , but Mel 's face was blank .
tr	I	He shook his head in amused disbelief and Dean 's jaw fell open .
tr	O	他没有完全说服自己，但是他不可能涉足非法毒品。
tr	O	他们都对发展长期关系的可能性持现实态度，并且这似乎增加了他们之间的相互吸引。
tr	I	His title was a number but Lucas Forester was his name .
tr	I	I laughed and she grinned back at me .
tr	I	Eventually we would have questioned him about it and Willie Bascom had prior convictions for one thing .
tr	I	His voice came out a whisper and his shoulders shuddered .
tr	O	她苍白的皮肤光滑，并且他的手衬托着显得黝黑。
tr	O	玛琳达本来会，但是她从来没有真正会吹口哨，所以她只是睁大眼睛，惊讶地点了点头。
tr	O	瓦妮莎的枪对准了我，并且我想知道如果我的持枪执照下来了是否会有帮助。
tr	I	I didn 't let him talk , but he was startled by my outburst .
tr	O	我不知道该怎么做，但是我必须。
tr	I	The intensity in his eyes made her mouth go dry , and he tilted his head back so he met her gaze .
tr	I	They got a doctor to him and he didn 't die right away .
tr	O	在伊拉克土地上行走了四个多月，并且他仍然无法相信自己所看到的一切。
tr	O	他也记得，并且违背他的所有意愿，他用拇指轻擦那坚硬的玫瑰色尖端。
tr	I	The only chance you have , but it 's a long shot .
tr	I	You have to be careful not to bat eyelashes otherwise it looks like obvious manipulation but Big eyes are essential .
tr	I	Already he looked steadier on his legs , and the mare had finished licking the foal clean now .
tr	I	Blue flame sprouted from her palm but she reached up to touch his cheek .
tr	O	她慢慢地开始将能量注入其中，并且片刻之后灯芯着火了。
tr	O	这似乎不可能，但是它就在那里。
tr	O	安妮破碎的心最终会愈合，并且她生活中的事情会安定下来。
tr	O	皮尔斯很感兴趣，但是他的头太疼了，无法深入研究那句话。
tr	O	迭戈不记得时间过了那么长，但是东方的地平线确实灰暗了一些。
tr	O	这门课我们只说法语，并且尽管我会给你一些宽限，我期待你尽快赶上。
tr	I	What was he -- but he had her ?
tr	I	He doesn 't know it and he 's in a loop .
tr	I	I 'd hoped that maybe the nightmares plaguing her since New Mexico were finally gone for good and Ella had finally fallen asleep .
tr	O	他一言不发地走开了，并且我看着他离开。
tr	I	You can only get to the son through the mother and you can only get to the father through the son .
tr	I	Her eyes went distant , and her voice wavered .
tr	O	他找到了没有泰的自行车，但是这个念头仍然让回家的路程很愉快。
tr	O	很容易看出他们是兄弟，但是他们也非常不同。
tr	O	她的声音颤抖了，并且她压抑住了一声轻微的啜泣。
tr	O	闪电击中了他们，并且他们就不复存在了。
tr	O	Raj试图说些什么，但是他张不开嘴。
tr	O	男人们知道有些事情出了大错，但是他们无法专注于那可能是什么。
tr	I	Elena sighed , looking around again , and Stefan left the room with the boxes .
tr	O	他被刺伤了，但是他还活着。
tr	O	他的嘴巴张开了，并且舌头抵住我的嘴唇，乞求进入。
tr	I	There had been a few over the years , but he seldom had visitors , preferring to keep this island more of a secret .
tr	O	我后退了一步，并且团队里的其他人都在笑。
tr	I	He didn 't , but he opened his mouth like he wanted to say something .
tr	O	他每年都这样做，并且当他不滑雪的时候他就在跑步。
tr	O	他到底期望如何做到这一点，我不太确定，但是现在不是质疑的时候。
tr	O	他看见了我，并且他张大了嘴巴。
tr	O	整个过程可能需要一周才能冻结，但是它会。
tr	O	但丁体内的动物闻到了来自阿刻戎的奇怪气味，但是他不确定那是什么。
tr	I	She still dressed as if it was 1969 and he explained that his Mother was caught in a time trap .
tr	O	面包车开始在路上S形行驶，并且我吓坏了，以为我们要撞车了。
tr	O	他不再需要证据证明这个人远非寻常暴徒，并且这是他第一次真正感到害怕。
tr	I	He met his junior to confirm a negative result from her and it was futile .
tr	O	加勒特低下了头，并且我们其他人也跟着做了。
tr	I	The end of his deadly tail landed gently in her lap and he adjusted his body awkwardly .
tr	I	Ant was confident that the explosion would destroy all the evidence , but a forensic examination would show that the lock had been bumped .
tr	O	你的使命比我们两个都重要，并且我们都知道这是唯一的办法。
tr	O	卡罗尔也买了一些东西，但是史蒂夫看不到那是什么。
tr	I	Most people would be asleep in bed , thinking themselves safe and it was three in the morning .
tr	O	跟我在一起的那个男孩习惯了那个地方，但是我当然不习惯。
tr	O	它还有点远，但是噪音立刻对博尔特产生了影响。
tr	O	不过这不一样，并且我们俩都知道。
tr	I	It was who I was , but it was not a moment to be proud of .
tr	I	I tense even more and it growls .
tr	O	她想相信那是她想象出来的，但是她没有。
tr	I	I didn 't think Kira 's boyfriend was the obvious choice , but I wanted to talk to someone .
tr	I	I nervously knocked on the door , and I walked down the hall to Ian 's bedroom .
tr	I	In very luxurious surroundings , it turns out , and as they say , the bad sleep well .
tr	O	你会看向房间对面，并且你会看到我在阴影中回望着你。
tr	O	我迫不及待想再和大家一起玩了，并且我只想说我玩得很开心。
tr	I	He had helped her , but she barely knew Kai .
tr	I	It 's still oh-so revealing , but it 's a vague answer .
tr	O	他的手伸向她的手，并且我看到他把东西放进她的手掌心。
tr	O	这不是我预期这次面试会进行的方式，但是我还没有抱怨。
tr	O	这是她第一次主动亲吻他，并且他似乎立刻又有了兴致。
tr	O	有一声令人满足的咔嚓声，并且我把它掉了。
tr	O	斯通瞥了我一眼，并且我心想他的脸看起来有点紧绷，仿佛说多于三个字的念头都会让他难受。
tr	O	他可能害怕，但是他不会退缩。
tr	I	A little intimidation is good for the soul , but like I said , I didn 't think there 'd be any trouble .
tr	O	她看起来很天真，但是她总是准备好战斗。
tr	I	He was holding her , not letting her dart away , forcing her to face Elena fully , and then Stefan had Caroline turned around .
tr	I	All I felt was empathy , but I expected to crave her .
tr	I	When he did , we learned what a truly big heart he had , but it took him a while to let us in .
tr	I	His fork paused midair , and Dex spotted him .
tr	O	我们会派一小队人马和你一起去那里，并且你会轻松进入黑堡。
tr	O	她继续往上走，但是当她到达顶部时，她没有看到任何人。
tr	I	She was flustered like a freaking teenage girl ... and one word , one statement , one look .
tr	O	一个更理智的神会等到珀耳塞福涅回来后，当他更理智时，再尝试处理哈迪斯，但是阿里克绝望了。
tr	I	Daisy was so jealous , and Priscilla was hoping he would soon propose .
tr	I	It brought tears to her eyes every time it crossed her mind , and it was an awful thought , horrendous .
tr	I	The cork started to slide and he pushed harder .
tr	I	She 'd never wanted to hide from that truth , but others could pretend that monsters weren 't real .
tr	I	They can 't force out the larger , heavier arrow , but besides , our bodies can push out bullets given a little time .
tr	O	撞击似乎让他恢复了理智，并且他惊恐地转过身来面对那个人。
tr	O	他并非卓越破坏者，但是要成为一名行星特工，你就必须懂得何时违抗高级特工的命令。
tr	O	门铃响了，并且约瑟芬松了口气，因为爱丽丝已经到了。
tr	I	She never read about them in any of the articles she 'd seen , but he talked a little about his family on the plane .
tr	I	Ellen seemed to like it and the program was reasonably priced .
tr	O	那些星星曾目睹马萨达的建造，并且现在它们见证着它的毁灭。
tr	I	AJ sat in the front passenger 's seat and Stacy was driving .
tr	O	这耗尽了我很多精力，我所剩下的一切，但是我成功地阻止了他们。
tr	I	I wanted to ask him what those were , and he had lips painted on his left arm .
tr	I	They were both looking at me curiously , but Cruz ' question was directed more at Mason then at me .
tr	O	每扇门后都传来不情愿的呻吟声，但是她很快就听到了双胞胎准备迎接新一天的声音。
tr	I	I kept coming back to gain your affections , and I knew how you felt about that elf .
tr	I	Now it seemed the battle continued with him , and Prissy had argued relentlessly with her .
tr	I	We can 't stay distant forever , but I feel nervous about her being here , poking through my meager possessions , shuffling down my hallways .
tr	I	He felt glad , but he didn 't dare to hope too much .
tr	I	It was nearly over , and you didn 't have to fear the worst that could happen any more , because this was it .
tr	I	She couldn 't get to him fast enough and he held out his hand when she approached .
tr	I	Jamie bumped it with hers , and she reached out her fist .
tr	I	She 's your inspiration , but Elle might be a distraction .
tr	O	一个接一个，更多人加入了进来，并且很快世界就陷入了战争。
tr	I	We both fell asleep and I kissed his chest .
tr	I	He knew he couldn 't turn away , but Ted 's stomach churned .
tr	O	他卷起袖子，露出戴着各种尖锐戒指的指关节，并且我的勇气突然变得滑溜起来。
tr	O	他会是弱者，并且他会为正义的理由而战。
tr	O	我感觉到蔡斯在我耳边低语，问我是否还好，但是我那时无法回答他。
tr	I	It was times like this that I wished I could drink the delectable smelling concoction , and I ' d always loved the smell of coffee .
tr	I	She 'd gone out of her way to talk to the woman and I must have mentioned Eliza to her at some point .
tr	O	他对我笑了笑，但是那笑容似乎有些勉强。
tr	I	There were bandages everywhere , and he seemed so pale .
tr	I	He winked at me and I glanced at Harald .
tr	O	娜迪亚对洛克说了些什么，并且他把她拥入怀中。
tr	I	The sun 's light sparkled on it , and it was dark blue , almost black .
tr	I	She was too tired to argue anyway , and he had a right to be mad .
tr	O	亚伯迅速地瞪了他一眼，但是那眼神立刻就掠过了，因为矮子继续说着话。
tr	I	Claws sunk into her flesh , and in her terror she did not feel how it squeezed her wrist .
tr	I	He hoped not , but he might have ruined any chance of that .
tr	O	她的耳朵第二次砰地响了一声，并且她的视线清晰了。
tr	O	湖面上刮起了一场意想不到的风暴，并且没有人有足够的经验，能对巨浪感到安心。
tr	O	他们喜欢迈阿密，但是他们对旅行感到非常厌倦。
tr	O	他手里拿着一把指向奎因的枪，但是他们的集体注意力却死死地盯在我身上。
tr	O	她弹响手指，并且门就飞开了，震动着房子。
tr	O	是的，瓦尔基里是一个心无旁骛的竞争者，但是归根结底她仍然是个女人。
tr	O	哦，我曾试过一次，想告诉艾斯林，但是她看起来很困惑，所以我放弃了。
tr	O	他试着睁开一只眼，但是它太沉重了。
tr	I	I look for Lady Sylvia and Surreal will guard you while the Prince .
tr	I	What choice did I have , but I remained skeptical ?
tr	I	I still want you to trust me that I understand her better than you , but maybe I don 't understand her either .
tr	O	他发现在梦中无法吞咽，并且这很不舒服。
tr	O	抱歉给你添麻烦了，但是你明白我们必须追查每一条线索。
tr	O	微风吹过草坪，并且她颤抖了一下，抱紧了自己。
tr	I	The only thing that is making this separation bearable is because I can watch her through the cameras and it 's been four weeks .
tr	I	We did reach an understanding and we both smiled with the innuendo .
tr	O	杰克没有回应，并且几秒钟的沉默过去后，但丁站了起来。
tr	O	我花了一段时间，但是我很彻底地发挥了药膏的魔力。
tr	I	The Lycans are on our trail , and we 're coming up on Josef .
tr	O	我撑起身体坐起来，但是突如其来的动作让我头晕目眩。
tr	O	我的解脱感如此强烈，以至于我感到泪水灼烧着我的眼睛，而且我竭尽全力才忍住了它们。
tr	O	你为了一个受蔑视的外人而冒着惹怒你本族人的风险，然而你甚至不指望有权利对我放纵自己。
tr	I	My health is beginning to suffer and I still do not sleep properly .
tr	O	好奇心开始在我皮肤之下隐隐作痛，而且我不知道我们是否真的能揭开那些一直困扰我们的谜团。
tr	O	电话那头传来一些沙沙声，而且罗曼的声音变得讽刺起来。
tr	I	I would get over it but I was a little sore .
tr	I	He couldn 't go to her , and she missed him , wanted him .
tr	I	She cast glances at Arthur when she thought he wouldn 't notice , and Tonight Stacy really enjoyed being with the family .
tr	I	It did but she didn 't know why it felt important .
tr	I	He was the only other living thing in the small upstairs apartment and his dog , Max , liked the chair .
tr	O	塔比莎的脸色变了，并且她感到严重的失望刺痛着她。
tr	I	Wells brushed Theo 's arm as he passed , and they came his way .
tr	I	He turned his heard fast and Luis 's eyebrows went up .
tr	O	他的足球是他最珍贵的财产，并且这些陌生人可能会把它弄爆。
tr	I	The two soon combined when she penned her first historical romance and along with romance she has a passion for history .
tr	O	这是一个友好的兴趣，但是同样让人不舒服。
tr	I	I will take what I can get , but I know it is a momentary boost .
tr	O	免费的黄金不难找到，但是提炼白银需要大量工作。
tr	I	He winced at a bitter cold wind and the smell of saltwater filled his nose .
tr	O	栅栏在他们身后砰地关上，并且我挣扎着坐了起来。
tr	O	他没有立刻回答，而且我开始怀疑他根本就不会回答我。
tr	O	我挣扎着对抗他，但是他的手像钢铁一样有力。
tr	I	His tone becomes a whisper and his eyes cloud over momentarily .
tr	I	Things would never be easy for them , and they were a newly born team now .
tr	O	我仍然搞不明白那件事是如何发生的，但是你并不弱。
tr	O	他将她抱在怀里，并且她搂着他的脖子，他走向房子。
tr	I	I could barely breathe and my heart felt too full in my chest .
tr	O	阿里克在理解她的愤怒时用手梳理着头发，但是这并没有平息他下体的欲火。
tr	O	我甚至都还没开始那些，并且 我就已经感到害怕了。
tr	I	For the briefest of moments , I caught a glimpse of vulnerability behind the hardness of his eyes , but it was an obvious order .
tr	O	她可以大声呼救，但是 她知道没有人会来。
tr	I	His hands were boring down on my shoulders , and he was baring his teeth now like a wild animal .
tr	O	我看向场边，并且 教练正在咧嘴笑。
tr	O	它看起来与地球上任何其他刀片都不同，并且 我注意到了它背面奇怪的弧度。
tr	I	I close my eyes , choosing each word carefully , and my breath catches in my throat .
tr	I	Such individuals selected to comprise the team , and the personality traits of individuals who can withstand extreme anxiety must be determined .
tr	O	那个吻没有过分性感，但是 他的嘴唇轻柔地擦过她的方式让她心潮澎湃。
tr	O	他轻轻地呼出一口气，并且 我把手放在他的脸颊上，凝视着他。
tr	I	There weren 't any , but I listened intently for sounds of a struggle .
tr	O	那是一个愉快的夜晚，但是 我再也没有给她打电话。
tr	O	我试图放下那个闹鬼的锡纸球，但是 它却粘在我的皮肤上，仿佛它以某种方式神奇地附着了。
tr	O	我感谢了她，并且我们离开了。
tr	O	你将不得不和我们其他几位特工合作，并且我们开会需要你在这里。
tr	O	你的计划奏效了，并且她死了。
tr	I	I crush them in my fists , and my hands grip the silken wall hangings .
tr	O	我已经那样做了，并且我决心不再给他这种满足感。
tr	O	她看着廷伯莱克，并且他把她的动作解读为求助。
tr	O	“典型的福克斯作风，”男主播粗鄙地私下评论道，并且他并没有夸大其词。
tr	I	She 's the only one who isn 't over the top successful and Taylor was in my class .
tr	O	他会密切观察那些人，必要时会一直守在她身后，但是他不会阻止她施以援手。
tr	O	阳光透过玻璃窗洒了进来，并且埃兹拉正坐在柜台前，耳机塞在耳朵里，弓着身子看报纸。
tr	I	Richard continued , but I gave my mom a triumphant look .
tr	O	我了解它的每一个轮廓，每一个细节，并且我一碰到他，就好像能再次看到他一样。
tr	I	Rows of beautifully crafted bookshelves lined the walls , and his office had originally been the old library .
tr	O	我知道我们不必在那里，但是我觉得我想尽力吸收所有我能吸收的东西。
tr	I	It sure felt like she had , but she knew she hadn 't really slept with him last night .
tr	O	他点头表示他没事，并且我希望他的背没有给他带来太多困扰。
tr	O	宝宝在他的怀里咿呀作声，并且凯瑟琳笑了。
tr	I	He had no time for them , but Friendly dogs barking at his arrival told him that his uncle had returned from his camp .
tr	O	她可能不像杰森那样需要钱，但是她同样迫切地想要它。
tr	O	他的舌头舔过她的嘴唇，并且她本能地张开嘴让他进来。
tr	O	事实上，他的存在将只包括将灵魂送往边缘地带。
tr	I	Looked across the room , and cassy interrupted his thoughts .
tr	O	那是她以前见过的同一个吸血鬼，并且他带着有趣的表情俯视着她。
tr	I	She didn 't even realize it , and Mia held that piece of me .
tr	I	I held them back , but I felt tears well up in my eyes .
tr	I	I see that the wind has blown away the smog , and my partial view of the city below opens a little with the swaying branches .
tr	I	I was starving , but when Aiden appeared with a bag of takeout food , I almost threw it back at him .
tr	I	After that , everything seemed to go quickly , and Daniel called to inform Louisa .
tr	O	安吉莉卡必须从伴随他而来的感官迷雾中挣脱出来，并且一开始她并不明白。
tr	I	The stars shook with light , and then I screamed at the sky , wordless , meaningless , raw animal pain .
tr	O	德国人把它用作劳改营，并且苏联人把它变成了战俘营。
tr	I	He reminded himself not to get involved , but it was impossible not to overhear their conversation .
tr	I	Then he slowly nodded , but his eyes went wide .
tr	I	We sat like that until dawn , and I put my arm around him .
tr	O	娜塔莉往里走了几步，尽量不踩到不断扩大的水坑，但是她发现这几乎不可能。
tr	I	Kevin stayed silent , too and Missy continued to ignore him .
tr	I	Now everyone was asleep , and then exhaustion crept in .
tr	O	他现在没有感觉到她的目光在他身上，但是他没有料到她会放弃。
tr	O	我们跌落时，有一个人确实松手了，并且当我把那只手垫在我下面作为支撑时，我猛地从另一个人身边挣脱开来。
tr	O	历史课比我所能想象的任何事物都更专注、更深入。
tr	O	他被卷入了一件与他无关的事情中，并且这让他痛苦不已。
tr	I	I 'm starting to have some doubts , but I have great faith in your theories .
tr	I	I can trust him more than anyone else in my life , but I don 't know what I did to deserve his loyalty .
tr	O	她的影子是一个女孩的影子，并且在那一刻似乎与她本人毫无关系。
tr	O	它们都开着，就像她离开时把它们开着一样，但是除此之外，屋里一片死寂。
tr	I	He drives away and we both climb inside .
tr	O	我们没有获得足够的政府援助，而且我们的信用状况太差，无法寻求其他任何帮助。
tr	I	None of them had surfaced , but I could hear the dolphins .
tr	O	拒绝艾维任何事让我心如刀割，但是我不能谈论丽莎。
tr	O	他可能稍后会杀了阿什比，但是他需要一个比他前姐夫开门这个事实更充分的借口。
tr	O	她的头发从发髻上散落得更多了，并且她的白色衬衫上沾有咖啡渍。
tr	O	我把这件事告诉了我的医生，而且她建议我读言情小说来帮助我找回感觉。
tr	O	我可能需要卧床休息，如果情况不停下来的话，但是如果它停下来了，我就应该可以正常活动了。
tr	O	他痛得咬紧牙关，而且我立刻就能看出他的脚踝无法支撑他。
tr	I	I hit the floor below us , but Logan hit the lobby button .
tr	I	This new one is next to the cabin in Durango , and we now have a marker set in San Francisco .
tr	O	我，又没睡着，并且我也没见到斯图。
tr	O	杰克逊退开时冲我咧嘴一笑，并且我对他的得意表情翻了个白眼。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他把手放在了我的背上。
tr	I	I decided to choose a spot close to the water and the rushing sound of the river drew me to it .
tr	O	他们的身体之间没有分离，并且他们的触手缠绕在一起。
tr	I	She was determined to make them fly , and the discs were one test required to become a full sorceress .
tr	O	他们从未经历过一场艰难的战斗，并且平常的争吵很快就被平息了，因为马利教过他要咬住舌头。
tr	O	男孩注意到老人的声音有些沙哑，并且他的话语听起来不像过去那样清晰。
tr	O	接着重力开始起作用，意识到一个物理物体正在违抗其法则，并且恶魔朝我急速坠落下来。
tr	I	She 'd been sick for some time now , and she was sick .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew I sounded sappy .
tr	O	也许你迷失了，寻找着很久以前你留下的那个自己，但是每一次我都会找到你。
tr	I	She had long ago accepted this role and it went along with the rest of her life .
tr	I	I dodge , feeling the displacement of air as the attack sails over my head , and it lunges , a large hood unfurling .
tr	O	他的眼中燃烧着渴望，并且这只会让我更加心乱如麻。
tr	O	我想我们可能会完全错过舞会，并且我不能说我对此完全介意。
tr	I	I felt those eyes boring into me , and she just looked at me .
tr	O	他脸部露出的部分都红了，并且我知道他和我一样冷。
tr	I	James refused to cower under his father 's questions , but Doubt clouded his dad 's eyes .
tr	I	I couldn 't hear , and Malcolm lowered his voice .
tr	O	我希望这一切都结束，但是似乎看不到尽头。
tr	I	He leaps from the counter and I swipe at my cat .
tr	I	There was a barrier he couldn 't begin to bridge , but he felt the power moving inside him .
tr	I	It was up to me to figure out which hairy geologist she was now seeing and she was playing coy .
tr	I	I barely slept the first two years , and I 'd been so stressed every day .
tr	I	You still slick with blood from your butchery and you think I wan na tangle with you ?
tr	I	Far away a siren sounded , and Traffic droned next to him .
tr	I	His expression turned blank , and his eyes bored into mine .
tr	I	When he opened the door the stench of stale urine hit him but he took a plate for Jamie .
tr	O	扎克不相信这些事情，但是他理解人们为什么会这样。
tr	I	He bit the vine in half , and one wrapped around his muzzle .
tr	I	He held her close , and her breathing was soft .
tr	O	丽贝卡将身体扑到米兰达身上，并且将她们俩都摔到了地上。
tr	O	一道微弱的光芒从它那里发出，并且他拨动了机械装置上的某个东西。
tr	I	His expression was distinctly suggestive when he spoke , but he kept his eyes on my face .
tr	O	我建议检查他们可能有档案的任何地方，但是那些地方在这个时候肯定不会开放。
tr	O	我的心提到了嗓子眼，并且我感受到的疼痛变得更加剧烈。
tr	I	I met Jasmine 's gaze , and my companions came to a halt beside me .
tr	I	We stood to go and they called our movie .
tr	O	后备箱砰地一声关上，并且司机回来了。
tr	O	它像是人类，但是它缺乏观察者的坚实感。
tr	I	I can tell you a little bit about myself , but I can 't tell you my name .
tr	I	I managed to get a fourth slice down , but the food settled in a dense bal in my stomach .
tr	I	He did offer me a little smile , but Robin looked weary .
tr	O	仪式很短，并且葬礼更短。
tr	O	那只是一对大学生情侣手牵手走在人行道上，但是她仍然感到紧张。
tr	O	狼已经抓住了他，并且现在它们要让他付出代价。
tr	O	男人嘟囔了几句，但是他们只是继续走着。
tr	O	是的，他是个沉默寡言的人，但是他不会隐藏自己的情感。
tr	O	他很穷，并且赛门知道在极度贫困中长大是什么滋味。
tr	O	门很快被拉开了，并且他们俩之间有一个温暖的拥抱。
tr	O	我把他们赶到了露台上，当我的妈妈和斯特林夫人消失在厨房里时。
tr	O	她欠他那么多，并且她知道。
tr	O	这太错了，然而我还是会。
tr	I	She said she would be out of house before 7.30 am and he asked her when she had to get up for school .
tr	O	她摇了摇头，但是他却继续着。
tr	O	他来早了，并且他在等我。
tr	I	I nodded back and he nodded a hello .
tr	I	It has enough fuel for a Mars injection orbit , and our engineers have run the numbers .
tr	O	我一天晚上从工作回来，并且我懒得去健身房。
tr	O	我的长子，当时快六岁了，外表长得像他妈妈，但是他内心完全像他爸爸。
tr	O	弗兰克声音很轻，并且里面常带着一种熟悉感，仿佛他们彼此很了解。
tr	O	乔纳斯再次感到怒火中烧，但是他却克制住了脾气。
tr	O	我的嘴巴几乎要脱臼了，我徒劳地想尖叫，但是我的声音却无法被强迫发出。
tr	I	It 's all you can do to stay alive and Everything explodes .
tr	O	几张信用卡从卡槽里探出头来，但是其中一个插片却是驾照。
tr	I	Ivy leaned over to look at the mess and a hunk of bagel fell to the floor .
tr	O	唐恩在盗窃案中的同谋从未被证实，但是这份嫌疑足以让他丢掉工作。
tr	O	那可能只是我的想象，并且我很累了。
tr	I	She was very much alive , but the young girl 's face was spotted with bruises .
tr	I	The tension between us was frightening , but he didn 't say another word to me .
tr	O	引擎一片寂静，并且她整个下午都已习惯的稳定震动消失了。
tr	O	Inferno Grill的招牌写着“休息中”，然而门却在她的触碰下打开了。
tr	O	这在过去曾给我惹来麻烦，而且被人揪住头发动弹不得可能会是致命的错误。
tr	I	He 's a pro , but this really pisses him off .
tr	O	我介绍了他们俩，并且我们都爬了进去。
tr	I	Before she could turn the page , something caught her eye , but she didn 't appreciate feeling like a voyeur .
tr	I	I stood my ground determined to beat this man , but I didn 't know what I was agreeing to .
tr	O	我想在为时过晚，并且我们又像前几天晚上那样发生一次臭鼬事件之前离开。
tr	I	It was not enough of a lead , but several seconds passed before he heard the sound of footsteps behind him .
tr	I	It keeps repeating in my head , but I know it isn 't real .
tr	I	No one could just leave it alone and I was happy there .
tr	O	我知道这个梦想不会永远持续下去，并且我的一部分将永远希望他成为我生活中永久的存在。
tr	O	他每次呼吸时胸膛都撞击着我的脸颊，并且他的脉搏在他的胸膛里剧烈跳动。
tr	I	My hands are shaking uncontrollably , but I need to take a picture of this , document it .
tr	I	He refuses , and she told me that she 's tried everything to get him to go to bed with her .
tr	O	我看得出她对我的反应感到尴尬，但是我无法克制自己。
tr	I	I 'd hardly thought I 'd left this sort of impression , but I 'd known Seth 's nieces still liked me .
tr	O	他们本可以跳下去的，但是那似乎不对。
tr	I	Aiden was my prey and chapter 15 Later that night , I was on the hunt .
tr	O	几秒钟后，引擎轰鸣起来，并且我们驶入悉尼的车流中。
tr	I	To be of use ... to fulfill their purpose later , they will need to pass through death first , and they are of little use now .
tr	O	最终，她用意念与他交谈，谈论着他能回应的话题，但是她不会喜欢这个答案。
tr	O	一阵凉风吹乱了她的头发，并且她打了个寒颤。
tr	O	我的喉咙发紧，并且我语无伦次，泪水模糊了我的视线。
tr	O	她对他笑了笑，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	O	谢尔盖的眼睑抽动了一下，并且当他看到我时，他的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	Her mind no longer served her , but the quality of the addiction program was taking a dive .
tr	O	当我走到那里时，门猛地打开，并且一个僵尸走了出来。
tr	O	坐着，她吹了一声口哨，并且楚依笨拙地从开口处的栖木上走了过来。
tr	I	He could no longer see more than a few feet in front of him , and in just a few minutes the storm had intensified .
tr	O	当他轻轻一推，并且她屁股着地摔到床上时，她瞪了他一眼。
tr	O	少数几个人回瞪着他，并且他从他们那里得到了一丝转瞬即逝的微笑。
tr	I	I haven 't moved , but I feel a strange pull as if I 'm being led somewhere , see a quick flash of mist around me .
tr	I	His phone went straight to voicemail , but after my bath , I tried calling Devin again .
tr	O	命运之神再次玩弄着他，并且他一点也不喜欢这样。
tr	O	很难直视主人深邃而睿智的眼睛，并且他那粗鲁的声音确保你全神贯注。
tr	I	There had been endless things to see and the tour had taken some time .
tr	I	You 're making my team jumpy and you 're a bundle of nerves .
tr	O	凯茜开始有点跛行了，并且史蒂夫主动提出再次检查她的脚趾。
tr	O	我仍然很生气，但是我 knew 很久以后才能再见到他。
tr	I	I wanted him out of my way more than I 'd ever wanted anything , and the newsman was a looker with a beautiful smile .
tr	I	They didn 't come out very often but teams went in there sometimes .
tr	O	她一直都有选择权，并且她选择了活下去。
tr	O	仿佛我们每个人都为这个团体带来了一些强大的东西，并且我喜欢那样。
tr	I	Other was fisted in my hair , and one was currently scalding my lower back .
tr	O	奥斯汀盯着她，并且她回以凝视。
tr	I	My footing turned out to be not as secure as I thought it was and a loud honk startled my adrenaline into action .
tr	I	For now , it would have to be enough , but it seemed like a paltry thing in the face of all that plagued him .
tr	O	埃莉诺突然消失了，并且他独自一人。
tr	O	来自隧道的楼梯部分在我们身后关上了，并且我感觉自己被活埋了。
tr	O	萨博的人涌入狭窄的走廊，但是他看到的赫斯的人少得多。
tr	I	His letters kept coming , as if he was arguing with himself , but I never wrote back .
tr	O	我看了萨利一眼，并且我失败了。
tr	O	十分钟后，尼克示意他们停下，并且他们坐在黑暗中喘息。
tr	I	There were runners who were running their hundredth and there were people who were running their first marathon .
tr	I	I could tell that I struck a nerve and she clenched her jaw .
tr	I	There would be others , and the first family tragedy .
tr	I	Yet , he wasn 't sure Andrew would understand and there was no one who knew him better .
tr	O	蓝光在显示屏上跳跃，但是最终它随着通讯断开而熄灭了。
tr	O	我知道我是谁，我要去哪里，并且我不在乎谁会陷入我的罗网。
tr	O	眼睛没有睁开，但是眼睑在颤动。
tr	I	Down along pulsing shaft and rubbing her hand up .
tr	I	Then the lighthouse beacon moved over them , and they seemed dark brown at first , hazel , chocolate even .
tr	O	我是唯一一个在家的人，并且我相当享受那种状态。
tr	I	I 'm determined to get through this with my pride intact , but my heart trips on the tangle of emotions in my chest .
tr	O	从头开始会更容易，但是拉蒙做了他必须做的事情。
tr	O	格蕾琴指着屋子后面，并且她不请自来的客人们轰隆隆地朝那个方向冲去。
tr	O	他咧嘴笑了，并且我呻吟了。
tr	O	潘轻声说了些我听不清的话，并且德斯熄灭了火焰。
tr	I	He twisted again , and they bounced off .
tr	O	他获得了奖学金，但是当马特生病时，他不得不申请延期。
tr	I	I wondered if it upset him , but Demetri never said anything about it .
tr	O	护士握住了凯利的另一只手，并且凯利的故事就倾泻而出了。
tr	O	艾米丽的凯美瑞车不算是很大，但是它有足够的空间。
tr	O	她的脸有点苍白，但是她看起来依然可爱。
tr	I	She was singing along too and I glanced over at Jenny .
tr	O	他曾受过格斗训练，但是除了练习之外，他从未真正使用过自己的能力。
tr	I	He sat back down and Marcus had been halfway off his chair .
tr	O	她觉得我在一片混乱中抛弃了她，并且我告诉她我绝不会那么做。
tr	I	There are sure to be questions and you 're barely out of rehab .
tr	I	We can 't verify how he will provide the code , and you won 't allow us to talk to these men .
tr	I	She would know her voice anywhere but Julia had never met Sam Thornton .
tr	O	我告诉她我已和科勒姆谈过这件事，并且我们可能会去。
tr	O	弗拉德几天前才认识我，并且他知道这一点。
tr	O	有人正在呼唤她的名字，但是她在恐慌中，只知道那个声音很陌生。
tr	I	The look was mirrored on both their faces , but she would have thought she was imagining things .
tr	I	The thought made her laugh out loud and part of the mystery became quite clear .
tr	I	It 's still so cold , but I have a jacket on .
tr	O	迈克尔走开了，并且我感到失望。
tr	O	我屏住呼吸等待他的回答，并且他挪开身子，足以看着我，他的眼睛搜寻着我的。
tr	O	裘德上前帮他，但是他举起了手。
tr	O	我是有史以来最不幸的人，而且你们喜欢跟我作对？
tr	O	他努力不去看，但是她的脸具有磁性。
tr	I	She stared at me , and her blue eyes watered .
tr	I	She had adored him and Mark had been two years her senior .
tr	I	It wasn 't working and Diana said that the doctor had changed his medication .
tr	I	She could feel their strength through the terry cloth , and his hands slid around her back .
tr	I	He had allowed it to continue while his own wounds healed , and what he had said about staff maintaining the place was true .
tr	O	他身穿作战服，并且手持步枪，尽管周围一片混乱，他仍大声下达命令。
tr	O	他苍白的皮肤上渗着汗水，但是他像团队其他人一样从容不迫。
tr	I	It 's not necessary , but it makes it stronger when they do use motion .
tr	I	He shows me what 's in the box , and he asks .
tr	I	She knew it and there was no subtext there .
tr	I	He seemed speechless and his jaw clenched .
tr	O	那注定会对他打击很大，并且他此刻行为不理智也毫不令人惊讶。
tr	O	我曾信任过，并且我曾吃了亏。
tr	O	我们默默地走向人群，并且随后特里普头也不回地走向右边的酒吧。
tr	O	这无疑助长了罗尔阴郁的脾气，但是真正的原因显而易见。
tr	I	He made me nervous , but I knew he was still the same guy .
tr	I	There was mist in the valley here , but it was day when I passed .
tr	I	Once the words left her lips she felt a strange relief , but she had not meant her sarcasm to cut quite so sharp .
tr	I	Many found their homes , and many children were rescued .
tr	O	当她感到有人碰到她的手臂时，她吓了一跳，并且贝瑟的尖叫声让他们俩都笑了。
tr	O	她只是没有考虑清楚财务细节，并且现在她正在为此付出代价。
tr	I	Marcus was an ass , and my job was stupid .
tr	I	She highly doubted it , but she would be thrilled if that were the case .
tr	I	A profound need swept through him to get out of his restraints , and Strength flowed into his arms .
tr	O	你赢了，并且我获得了更多权力。
tr	O	她的指甲深深地扎进他的肩膀，并且她正挣扎着想更靠近他。
tr	I	I don 't need any interference , and I don 't need any help .
tr	O	她拿着正常工资的两倍，并且她不会让任何男人阻碍她的事业。
tr	I	They both became human and abruptly the fight ended .
tr	I	I doubted you existed , but I 've heard rumors about you .
tr	O	我不确定贝克斯是什么时候长大的，但是这令人不安。
tr	O	聚光灯照了下来，并且那个男孩以一种习惯于观看稀有美丽事物的方式审视着她。
tr	I	He was the crummy leader that I grew up with , but he may have been a crummy leader .
tr	I	He paused and his lips turned up in a grin .
tr	O	我们生活在一种脆弱的平衡中，而且这种平衡的核心，也就是束缚我们的东西，是我们的家人。
tr	I	Nothing could penetrate the perfect existence I 'd created , and I was safe here in this vibrantly rich world .
tr	O	贝卡碰了他的手臂，并且他跳了起来。
tr	O	我能感觉到一个身体，但是那也不是我的。
tr	O	移动让我脚上的束缚收紧了，并且我感觉自己好像被拉伸了。
tr	O	他那股麝香味弥漫在卡车内部，并且她吸入了纯粹的雅各布带来的安心感。
tr	O	在我内心深处，我接受我需要他给予更多，但是现在，我不在乎。
tr	I	All present strained forward so as not to miss a single moment , and it was clear that something was about to happen .
tr	I	Murdoch knew he was calculating , yet his pale eyes were expressionless .
tr	O	你永远不会变老，并且你将永远美丽。
tr	O	我试图告诉自己我不知道自己在做什么，但是我知道。
tr	I	I decided I should do something , and both of them were in the Pacific .
tr	O	幸运的声音听起来很震惊，并且她对着我摇了摇头。
tr	O	她皱了皱鼻子，而且它太他妈的可爱了，我立刻就硬了。
tr	I	It was the making up that kept me awake , but the argument woke me .
tr	O	它不完全是谎言，但是它让我感觉不对劲。
tr	O	我从座位上起来去洗手间，而且当我回来的时候，我注意到我有一个来自艾勒里的未接电话。
tr	O	自从他重夺王位以来，他瘦了，并且累积的压力在他憔悴的脸上清晰可见。
tr	I	They drove out of the town in a matter of seconds and Jeff pulled the van down the street .
tr	I	The four people who were talking before the broadcast were back and the video cut out .
tr	O	他有那么多想知道的，而且他不能问。
tr	I	The question was how she 'd done it without waking me up , but I only needed one guess to figure out who had done it .
tr	O	在大多数孩子学会写自己名字之前，我就可以垄断关于凯克望远镜的对话，并且拜伦·佐尔巴博士是我的英雄。
tr	O	是的，萨姆对我撒谎了，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	我的眼睛充满了泪水，并且我转过身面向前方。
tr	O	我的全身猛地一颤，并且感觉我的手臂快要从关节里被扯出来了。
tr	I	For this she was profoundly grateful and one lean arm stayed firmly anchored at her waist .
tr	O	他的眉毛皱了起来，并且他看起来很困惑。
tr	O	你的腿断了，并且它们都打着石膏。
tr	I	He held the sheets when she reached his waist , but she would have covered his chest up as well .
tr	O	他轻咬我的蕾丝文胸罩杯，并且我吓了一跳，因为他用它勾住了我的乳头。
tr	I	One lived for others , or she shouldn 't go back to a life of confinement .
tr	O	它们在一个死人身上，并且它们正在啃噬他，深入他的身体。
tr	O	这条河被称为罗讷河，而且它那赋予生命的河水数千年来滋养着沿岸的社区。
tr	O	我不记得她昨天的名字，但是她得到他的关注让我立刻嫉妒她。
tr	I	Grace enjoyed listening to John talk , and their meal was delicious .
tr	O	他现在知道了真相，并且它在他心中产生了共鸣。
tr	O	动着把手，我变得害怕，但是他温柔的声音在我脑海中回荡，让我平静下来。
tr	I	She took it over , and I set up a tray .
tr	O	妈妈的脸变暗了，并且她的脸色变黑了。
tr	I	He steadied her , and she flung herself at him .
tr	I	I immediately regret saying it and the color is draining from his face .
tr	I	He leans into it and I touch his face .
tr	I	Sage had stopped listening , but Dylan kept talking , now about his plans for the restaurant he was opening .
tr	I	Before I knew what was happening , the bodyguard , Russell , pushed us in the opposite direction and I felt Dale 's muscles tense instantly .
tr	O	她很清新，并且她很大胆。
tr	I	He couldn 't reconcile it with this photograph and Michael thought about what he 'd learned today .
tr	O	那是一种我从未见过的眼神，并且老实说，它把我吓得要死。
tr	I	Two symptoms were fairly noticeable but no one really discussed it .
tr	I	Then she began to laugh , and MaryAnn stared at him for several long seconds .
tr	O	我又站在那里一分钟，给诺克斯另一次解释的机会，但是他把目光转回了那个小组。
tr	O	我对她让我感觉有多好感到内疚，但是我不想让艾薇儿知道那个女人。
tr	I	I walked in , and he turned the knob .
tr	I	At the time , she 'd had no idea how many clothes she would need , but she 'd really wanted to pay for her own clothes .
tr	O	这次特斯沉默了，并且卡拉大笑起来。
tr	O	她以为带走莱利就能结束她的痛苦，但是这只会给她带来痛苦之上的痛苦。
tr	I	It had passed the edge of the round perimeter but his right arm tried to find a supporting surface .
tr	O	星期六对阿列克谢来说更轻松，并且它们对孩子们来说也应该如此。
tr	O	她的表情柔和了，并且她轻声笑了笑。
tr	O	我把卢卡想象成一个吓坏了的五岁小孩，被绑在黑暗的床上，并且我的眼睛充满了泪水。
tr	O	仿佛是为了强调我心中的担忧，我的身体摇晃了一下，并且我差点滑倒。
tr	I	The werewolves , according to the films , were always different , and the problem was that the only information I had came from movies .
tr	I	I was starting to shiver , but I tried not to whine .
tr	O	我周围的人都开始起身，并且我也照做。
tr	O	诺曼心想，并且接着哈利跌跌撞撞地走进房间，撞到了诺曼。
tr	O	电话是以卡门的名字登记的，但是这对夫妇共享它。
tr	I	Ashlyn 's name appeared , and I looked at it .
tr	O	我没有回应，但是我的脸颊发烫了。
tr	I	Yet I was , and I didn 't want to hurt her .
tr	O	她的眼睛下有黑眼圈，并且她平时的一些精力不见了。
tr	O	她每天都在雷丁度过一整天，并且我整个周末几乎没见到她。
tr	O	他看起来目瞪口呆，但是他的眼睛很坚定。
tr	I	It came apparent we 'd agreed to room together the next year , but I 'm not sure who asked first .
tr	O	我真的搞砸了，并且我疯狂地想念她。
tr	I	In fact , the courtyard was alive with wedding preparations , and while certainly not warm , the unseasonable temperatures made it comfortable to be outdoors .
tr	I	She 'd noticed a little tightness in her jeans the past few days , but her belly was still flat .
tr	O	格雷戈尔可以想象出无数类似的情景，但是当他那天晚上醒着躺着时，他知道他并不相信其中任何一种。
tr	O	它当时支撑着我，并且它现在也支撑着我。
tr	O	我们在与他们沟通方面做得稍好一些，但是进展缓慢。
tr	I	She found herself telling Paul about her husband , and she continued to reminisce .
tr	O	赖斯先生施了一个月的肥，并且看起来像个推杆果岭，正如他常说的。
tr	I	They looked moist , like he washed them before placing them in the bag and the stems were already cut .
tr	I	It was fine and we went on to Arizona after that .
tr	I	There was no slowing down , but Tessa 's feet were screaming in their fashionable boots , her heart slamming against her chest .
tr	O	肖恩开始支吾，但是他举起了一只手。
tr	I	I can 't , but I want to go .
tr	O	他们的血液正在改变，并且我担心他们会发生转变。
tr	O	新闻说他有犯罪记录并且他在两年前辍学了。
tr	I	You help me , and help them .
tr	O	有人进了农场，并且我们都在找他。
tr	O	已经是九月末，将近十月了，并且树叶正在从树上掉落。
tr	O	明天就是平安夜，并且他毫不在意。
tr	O	门很重，并且她费了所有的力气才打开它。
tr	I	I can feel blood dripping down my right leg where I took a good hit , and both my arms are in pain from scorches .
tr	O	听起来更像动物而非人类，但是它伴随着其他几个女声，低沉、舒缓的西班牙语词语。
tr	O	我没有感到休息好，而且我心情不好。
tr	I	The sink has a drip , and it 's quiet , dark .
tr	I	He wasn 't lying on the narrow sofa , but I wanted to ask Victor if I did .
tr	I	The search for Brendan was proving fruitless and back at the lake hours had passed .
tr	I	Their tears fell as stones upon the ground , and God 's heart turned to stone against them .
tr	O	我能听到哈迪斯咯咯地笑，但是他没有回答任何话。
tr	O	她试图吞咽，但是她的嘴很干。
tr	I	Neither does Bryn and I don 't have a big family .
tr	I	Winnie drank it and Gretta held out the glass .
tr	O	没什么特别的，话虽如此，但是我确实很享受我的假期。
tr	O	我很确定我能溜出去，而且没有人会真正注意到门开了。
tr	O	工资不怎么样，但是你会有个安身之所。
tr	O	说话会涉及到呼吸，并且他们都屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	The tendril instead withdrew , but for a moment Zook thought the entire amorphous thing would slip through the narrow cave .
tr	I	For the most part he was doing everything but they 'd been planning the wedding together .
tr	O	她想问肖恩正在做什么，但是她不能。
tr	O	我们坐在桌子旁，并且一个来自学校的女孩是我们的服务员。
tr	O	他们在两艘较小的船上装满了弓箭手，并且他们在旗舰上也有弓箭手。
tr	O	拉夫被这种不公吓了一跳，并且愤怒的话语冲口而出。
tr	O	我因极度恐惧而开始哭泣，并且我努力保持声音平稳。
tr	I	Being without you is tearing me apart and I miss my best friend .
tr	O	那个声音很熟悉，但是塔拉看不到他的脸。
tr	O	它把肉汁滴得到处都是，一方面，并且它还没有完全熟，另一方面。
tr	I	His parents actually have high expectations from him and he has a complicated family .
tr	O	我们走到房子前，并且白色石阶很宽。
tr	O	强迫自己思考派对和客人，而不是与科林做爱，这并不容易。
tr	O	我没有看到他，并且我与恐慌搏斗。
tr	I	There 's nothing a mundane hospital can do for her now , and it 's just that I know what 's wrong with Jocelyn .
tr	I	This time it had an added benefit , but the stone again made a small dent .
tr	O	我立刻大喊，把手机倒腾到另一只手，当灯光变化了并且我轻松地穿过路口时。
tr	O	他们进入了气闸，并且巴恩斯关上了门。
tr	I	I don 't know how but I want to help him .
tr	I	I wipe it off on a piece of toilet paper and the tip has a little blood on it .
tr	O	我能读懂他的心思，并且我不喜欢我所听到的。
tr	I	Everything will be okay and we could unite .
tr	O	我们俩都不希望这场战争发生，但是我认为它无论如何都会发生，不管我们做什么。
tr	O	我的名字是迈克，但是人们叫我艾斯。
tr	I	He was no longer there , but Ira turned his eyes back to the older man .
tr	O	我意识到这是我们唯一能得到的重逢，并且我紧紧地偎依在他身边。
tr	O	他爱上了他一生中遇到过的最难搞的女人，并且他无法想象没有她的生活。
tr	I	Alex was looking anxiously in our direction and Kirk was helping her to her feet .
tr	I	He was motionless except for the slow expansion of his ribs as he breathed , but she looked at Iain .
tr	O	他的眼睛瞬间睁大，并且接着一丝微笑在他的蓝色眼眸深处闪现。
tr	O	她屏住呼吸，等待温暖蔓延全身，欣快感将她淹没，但是它从未发生。
tr	O	她显然没有告诉他一切，并且他被迫承认她的拒绝让他心烦。
tr	O	标枪的脸色变得严肃，并且他叹了口气。
tr	I	He didn 't look discomfited , but I 'd meant this as an object lesson about invading other people 's privacy .
tr	I	She listened intently for several seconds and her hand went to her earpiece .
tr	O	当水流过参差不齐的伤口时，他发出一声嘶嘶声，但是她没有停下。
tr	I	They were there ; but they weren 't as obvious then .
tr	I	The door wouldn 't open , but she jerked on it repeatedly .
tr	O	我看向我的妈妈，并且她看起来像是见了鬼一样。
tr	O	我告诉她玛吉不应该在信任我方面有任何问题，但是她重复说她已经向玛吉保证你会到场。
tr	I	God knows what else and he 'd frightened her .
tr	O	我非凡的听力肯定能捕捉到他对话的每一个字，但是我还是把窗户开了一点以防万一。
tr	O	希尔克听起来很吃惊，并且他的眼睛亮了起来。
tr	O	他没有得到任何回答，但是这不重要。
tr	O	不愉快，那天早上电梯里没有什么令人愉快的事情，但是至少是已知的。
tr	I	His hand searched until he found mine , and he was warm .
tr	I	There was one email from Dr. Wilson to McKay that interests us a lot , but most were of no use .
tr	I	Steve grinned and the tiny bikini left little to the imagination .
tr	O	她甜蜜的味道性感至极，并且他决定醒来就应该尽情放纵。
tr	I	We 'd lose our funding , and someone would definitely lose their job .
tr	O	纳撒尼尔为手术进展顺利而感到欣慰，但是直到伊洛伊丝再次苏醒他才能够放松。
tr	I	Now her forestry experience was coming in handy , and she had saved their lives .
tr	I	Linda held her tighter , and Connie released another sob .
tr	O	我感到脸红了起来，并且我确信我笑得像个傻瓜。
tr	I	His mind was racing , but Vale 's eyes were locked on the images .
tr	I	I got it , but I didn 't know how to respond at first .
tr	I	His muscles turned rock-hard beneath her hands and the wiry hairs tickled her palms .
tr	O	我们确定了一个只使用她的黑色服装的设计，并且她收集了其他的带回家。
tr	O	当克洛伊走出卧室时，她的脸是红的，但是她小小的肩膀上似乎承载着较少的情感包袱。
tr	O	他大喊，并且我从睡梦中挣扎起来。
tr	O	我要告诉你的内容是绝对保密的，并且你必须承诺绝不告诉第二个人。
tr	O	她的头向后仰着，并且她在笑。
tr	I	The other had started for the surface and one of the girls was sharing air with Marco .
tr	I	Struggled to my feet , gasping for breath and I flung its dying body off me , pulling the blade free .
tr	I	What you 've done to me is criminal , and you treat your employees like crap .
tr	I	Pressed up against Jackson , she knew he felt the same , but she 'd never felt that way about anyone .
tr	I	Even underneath the tanned skin Pierre could see his friend was pale and his lips were stretched .
tr	I	Our planning was well worth it , and the king is well protected here .
tr	I	We rise and miriam motions as if leaping .
tr	I	They all took an involuntary step forward , and the iron discipline of the legions wavered .
tr	O	我是一个普通女人，并且他是一个英俊的男人。
tr	O	一滴眼泪顺着她的脸颊流下，并且她发出了一声无助的呜咽。
tr	O	一个大手的人推着她的肩膀，使得她仰面躺着，并且她的头发从脸上散开。
tr	O	怒火因这景象涌上她的心头，并且她因这股力量而呻吟。
tr	I	Zell was thrown back and Silver made an unfamiliar gesture with his hands .
tr	O	弗朗西丝突然感到疲惫，并且在阳伞的阴影下藏起脸后，她闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	She opened it slowly and I threw it at her .
tr	O	我露出了那种眼神里没有笑意的笑容，并且我伸出了一只手。
tr	O	你会处理好的，并且你会回到家的。
tr	O	他们喝了咖啡，并且他甚至亲吻了她的脸颊，就在全体会众面前。
tr	I	He felt it , and this was his fault .
tr	I	The fear pouring from her was making her very , very clumsy , but she could have had that window open in the blink of an eye .
tr	O	德国人正在攻击巴黎，并且我们反正很快都会死的。
tr	O	这个过程似乎会从大脑中提取许多储存的经验，但是尽管美好的经历会逐渐回来，但更黑暗的那些却依然潜藏着。
tr	O	他当时没能杀掉我，并且扫罗从不轻易接受失败。
tr	I	Knowing what could happen with Brian , I don 't even ask , but for the first time , I notice dark circles under her eyes .
tr	O	他不至于在屋顶上大声呼喊她的名字，但是一股微弱的恐慌感传遍了他的全身。
tr	O	她起初焦虑地看着他，但是他没有给她时间恐慌。
tr	I	It could still be done , but it might be long overdue .
tr	O	我再次感受到了人类情感的痛苦，并且我带着久违的颤抖意识到我感到羞愧。
tr	I	She willingly opened to him and his knee parted her thighs .
tr	O	福特希望事情不会发展到那种地步，但是如果他不得不使用它们，他将毫不犹豫。
tr	I	Usually a good bath would wash them off , but Enough could cause unbearable torment .
tr	O	我给一个人让开了位置让他拿票，并且我把手放在了头上。
tr	I	Only a few halfs spoke to me , and days passed .
tr	I	No one except Carl even knew about me taking you to the ball and that was just yesterday .
tr	I	Boone could definitely discern the stench of chemicals , but the wind was light .
tr	I	It wasn 't but we skipped stones across the creek , which sounds dumb .
tr	O	她张开双臂，霍普在任何人能阻止她之前冲了过去，拥抱那个女人。
tr	O	他几乎只是吻了她，然而她却有办法粉碎他的克制。
tr	I	The other leads you straight into the bedroom and one door leads you to the living room .
tr	O	当然，她对我有所隐瞒，但是那是她的权利。
tr	I	She crossed her fingers and the fortune teller 's predictions flashed into her mind .
tr	O	她已经得到了她想要的，并且现在是时候离开了。
tr	I	I let myself in and fortunately the knob was unlocked .
tr	I	He looked at us and tears dropped from his eyes .
tr	I	That 's why you were bandaged up and you had a contusion on your head .
tr	I	Through the chain she began to siphon his power , letting it flow into her , and she took another breath .
tr	O	她已经在宇宙的另一个区域被委任了亿万年，而且她唯一的任务就是保护任何被放在她面前的无辜者。
tr	O	我感觉我把家人抛在了身后，但是他们等着我回到他们身边。
tr	I	He flung the gun upwards at me , his arm trembling and Trey 's mouth parted in a snarl .
tr	O	我没有听到她过来，但是我早就知道她在那儿。
tr	I	It was made worse by her leaving my arm there even longer than before , and the shock of it caught me off guard .
tr	I	This is it , and I 've been teaching you to restrain your emotions all your life for a reason .
tr	I	Concern creased his brow and Caroline absently glanced up .
tr	I	She clapped her hands , and a huge smile spread across Julia 's face .
tr	O	边锋将球碰得离他太远了，并且杰瑞用左腿猛扑过去争抢空球。
tr	I	Then both were strangled , and another cry joined the first .
tr	O	运气好的话，他们会在“情欲通道”找到他们需要的信息，而且她就会离乔什更近一步了。
tr	O	我们没有告诉新闻人员向他透露一切，所以他被敷衍了事，但是他知道这会发生。
tr	I	I think that it 's going to be really hard for us to keep in touch and your life is really going to change .
tr	O	我什么都没说，但是我虚弱地笑了笑。
tr	I	He appeared to be about nine years old and when she pulled her hand back out to the street , there was a young boy attached .
tr	O	我没能说完，但是他知道我要说什么。
tr	O	他看起来心不在焉，并且我问了为什么。
tr	O	他确实不知道，但是这是一个他愿意抓住的机会。
tr	I	Everything fades except for brightness and I feel that hand lift me up as things around me dissipate .
tr	O	违抗我的父亲就违反了人类的法则，然而我不能服从一个违背了主之更高法则的人。
tr	I	It didn 't erase that dark intensity in his eyes , but he smiled back .
tr	I	He didn 't seek to restrain her , but he glared up at her from the ground .
tr	O	伊芙琳一向很尊重他的意愿，但是今天她却无视了他要求安静的请求。
tr	O	厨师让他们用餐，并且他们安静地坐着，只是享受着食物。
tr	I	Nothing had happened yet , but I wanted to scream .
tr	I	Then he pulled back , but his lips brushed against mine .
tr	O	他们都在没有真正需要的时候洗了澡，并且他们中的大多数人发现自己喜欢这样。
tr	O	她皱着眉，等着戴尔做出反应，但是他只是继续走向底层。
tr	I	He has my hair and he 's so beautiful .
tr	O	太阳很强烈，但是地面的热气依然更强，令人舒适。
tr	I	It was hard to let go of that fear , but deep down , Anna knew she really didn 't need to worry .
tr	I	My ears ring , and my nose smacks the seat in front of me , so hard that stars dazzle against my eyes .
tr	O	交易已经达成，并且无论我的魔法多么强大，它对哈迪斯都无济于事。
tr	I	It wasn 't a recent epiphany , and he 'd said a few times now that he loved me .
tr	O	我本想让那只罗威纳犬解脱痛苦，但是我不想冒着再浪费一发子弹在它身上的风险。
tr	O	有好多话我需要说，但是我不知道如何把它们说出来。
tr	I	Neither of them spoke , but Micah caught her husband 's gaze over Elliott .
tr	I	A wave of cold blue light ran through her , making the corpse shutter , and Ryker touched two fingers to her forehead .
tr	O	我那天晚上办理了入住，并且她仍然不在那儿。
tr	O	他受到了一轮又一轮的掌声欢迎，并且会场气氛高涨。
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen but Cassie looked past him for Devon .
tr	I	His feet scuffed across the tile floor and his shoulders slumped forward .
tr	I	It falls to the floorboard and I fumble with the phone .
tr	O	堤坝决裂了，并且眼泪开始倾泻而出。
tr	I	I have this strong sense , but I don 't know how .
tr	I	The body slowly retreated into the truck bed , and we pushed as hard as we could .
tr	O	他一直恐高，但是他们现在没有太多选择。
tr	I	My mouth dropped open , and Light from the lamp reflected off a small silver disk that dangled from a chain .
tr	I	I saw it , but Keith kept his tone steady .
tr	O	我同样很高兴现在还是暑假，并且我不必为了同样的原因而想方设法逃避上学。
tr	O	他把头倾向我，并且我猛地向后退。
tr	I	Ron 's eyes lit in fear , and I shouted .
tr	I	I leaned past Nathaniel to give Jason a quick kiss , and it made us all smile .
tr	I	Her phone rang again , but she started into the story .
tr	I	He couldn 't see her , but now she could see him .
tr	O	愧疚感刺痛了我，但是最终，选择一直都很清楚。
tr	O	蒂姆当然不是她的男朋友，但是安妮·玛丽开始享受他的陪伴。
tr	O	我不想告诉杰塔真相，但是这可能是拯救她的唯一方法。
tr	O	路边的树木模糊一片，并且天空是一大片星光。
tr	I	Both stalls are occupied , and the door is open .
tr	O	有书，但是它们堆放在四面墙中的三面墙上，呈垂直排列。
tr	I	I 'm damn glad I put it there , and I brush the hair from her face , exposing the rosy glow on her cheeks .
tr	I	I can 't quite see him , but he has his arm around her .
tr	I	A bitter sensation gripped my stomach , and Cold shivers ran down my spine .
tr	I	I felt it in my gut , but I had to be sure before I said anything .
tr	O	你在创办“派对”时就那么做了，并且它从未让你失望过。
tr	I	Picking on her was a bore and Tabby was a bore .
tr	O	她不是真的喜欢他，并且她也不是真的信任他。
tr	O	白光被更暖的黄光取代了，但是它从未黑暗。
tr	I	Allan stared at him blankly , and the doctor asked .
tr	O	他的摩托车坏了，并且他被咬了。
tr	I	They do not appreciate what a miracle it is , yet all around the world people are finding out they are having babies .
tr	O	她照做了，并且他终于到了。
tr	I	The singing slowly died , and the men turned their attention to Arin when he entered the room .
tr	O	他用一生都在计划如何离开这里，设计致富的方法，并且他成功了。
tr	O	居住在那里是不可能的，因为没有水源，并且基于同样的原因也不能用于耕种。
tr	O	兰伯特用他未受伤的拳头击中腹部，并且雅各布欢迎那缩小他注意力的回荡的疼痛。
tr	O	从那以后我们没有真正谈论过它，但是我清楚我们需要谈。
tr	I	The Cleary mansion came into view , illuminated by warm yellow lights , and then she rounded a corner .
tr	I	That wasn 't going to help matters and he 'd likely zap me halfway up .
tr	I	I was gone , and her heart thumped .
tr	I	He nervously looked at her face and prometheus stood a little taller than she .
tr	O	它发出一声嘶嘶的尖叫，并且黑色的血从伤口里溅了出来。
tr	O	你生来就有它，并且你必须培养它。
tr	O	它会非常接近行星，但是它不在碰撞轨道上。
tr	I	I hesitate , but I notice the opening for a question I 've had .
tr	I	I quickly laid them down to soak up some of the blood to give us time and she returned with them .
tr	I	The words were stuck in his mouth , but Pigeon wanted to make a similar offer .
tr	I	Her hand remained limp in his but she did not return the pressure .
tr	I	Dry leaves rip off as I land in the park , and I slide down a loose branch like a kid surfer .
tr	O	她已被火化，并且她的骨灰撒在他们家后面的山上。
tr	O	当她动了一下时，他屏住了呼吸，但是接着她翻身转向了另一侧。
tr	I	He looked at Zane with wide eyes , and Ty 's chin jerked to the side .
tr	O	我回头看了一眼艾迪，并且她只是耸了耸肩。
tr	I	His lips brushed against her cheek , and his warmth came against her side .
tr	I	He didn 't , but Fraggle frowned , looking like he wanted to say more .
tr	I	The humming faded and slowly her clenched muscles relaxed .
tr	O	他猛地拉开保时捷的车门，并且瞬间他就进去了。
tr	O	华丽的新布匹披在祭坛上，并且一千支新的蜡烛在银烛台上燃烧着。
tr	I	His mouth is right there , and I 'm so hot , so turned on .
tr	I	I like the idea of Jesus caring for the success of a wedding , and I like the idea of Jesus obeying his mother Mary .
tr	O	她走进餐厅，并且当她走近私人包间时，她胃里像有蝴蝶在飞舞。
tr	I	Todd stared at her strangely , and the sun hadn 't risen .
tr	O	幸运的是，那似乎没有让她责怪简，但是她仍然心碎不已。
tr	I	He was lost once again , and she smiled up at him .
tr	O	他要么懒得追踪我到图书馆，或者他根本在那里找不到我。
tr	O	他们躺在地板上，并且他站在她面前，赤裸而美丽。
tr	O	他里面穿着一件白色背心，但是她满足于羞涩地抚摸他的前臂。
tr	I	Now all the hard shit is coming and I had to put him down .
tr	I	Today there 's nothing , but usually the maid leaves some frozen food for me .
tr	O	他一直是个夜猫子，并且自从我们搬到芝加哥后，情况变得更糟了。
tr	O	丽兹心想他们有多近，但是她不敢回头。
tr	I	I can 't say a word and there is blood all over me .
tr	O	很快就只剩下站立的空间了，并且一些刚到的人隔着人群大声喊叫着要参与。
tr	I	He swallowed hard and his mouth thinned .
tr	I	The weapon fired , and then the nurse screamed .
tr	I	It made her sick to her stomach , and she saw her half leg for the first time .
tr	O	班尼迪克收紧了对我手臂的抓握，痛得我叫出声来，并且 他把我摔到地上。
tr	O	我不能这样和他战斗，但是 我可以换一种方式和他战斗。
tr	O	你正在权衡我的提议，并且 我默默地忍耐着等待你的答复。
tr	O	我身体仍然很暖和，但是 我的感官正在恢复。
tr	I	They would provide some warmth through the walls in the early morning , but the ovens hadn 't yet been stoked for the night 's baking .
tr	O	他的舌头伸了出来，并且 他的尾巴摇了起来。
tr	O	萨尔瓦托雷最初对她的行为感到震惊，但是 他已经很久没有和女人陷入这种境地了。
tr	O	他们离开殖民地不仅会危及他们自身的安全，但是 还会危及乡村。
tr	I	NASA discovered meteorites all the time , but meteorites were admittedly one of the rarest rocks on earth .
tr	I	She would be willing - not held at gunpoint and when we finally connected , we would be alone .
tr	I	Then she blushed when she admitted she liked to sing , and I teased her when she revealed she loved Harry Potter .
tr	I	That 's just not right , and couldn 't be bothered to care about anything .
tr	O	我的血压飙升，并且 我的手心出汗了。
tr	O	他们的荣耀可能比一个复活之人的荣耀要伟大得多，但是他们只是阶层的尘埃。
tr	O	这个地方让人不舒服，就像有生物从远处注视着我，而且我很庆幸能离开。
tr	I	I bit my tongue trying not to laugh , and her voice was nothing short of aghast .
tr	O	她点了点头，并且我选了一袋洋甘菊，在杯中加入热水和少许蜂蜜。
tr	I	There was the constant sound of activity resonating through the interior and the boy led us in .
tr	I	Nick still looked ready to blow a fuse , and there were too many people around .
tr	O	多年来她对康纳倾尽全力，而且他也如数奉还。
tr	I	I missed his friendship but I was in love with Michael .
tr	I	It really works and that 's what he does to raise funds for his charities .
tr	O	林克不是一个冲动的人，但是过去几个月他已经对生活做出了两次剧烈的改变。
tr	I	Mark was right , but Chad wanted to argue .
tr	I	We can revisit the subject later and just keep things calm for now .
tr	I	A bare bulb flickered to dim life overhead , and a motor roared to life in the distance .
tr	O	他试图吞咽，但是他的嘴巴很干。
tr	I	I liked it , and my insides trembled because I knew he wasn 't talking about the water .
tr	I	She freaked out , Sasha Goethe sobbed , standing near her overturned desk and somebody put a tack on her chair .
tr	I	Kelly could have kissed the boat when he finally saw it , and it was a long walk down the docks to the Fiddler 's Green .
tr	I	She nodded her head in encouragement , and I glanced at Granny .
tr	I	It had apparently been enough time for Evy to lose interest , but he had been gone all of thirty seconds , if that .
tr	I	I didn 't want him to see how much this hurt , but I was probably overdoing it with the antagonism .
tr	I	His gaze was locked with Ryland 's , but Sam 's fingers tightened on her arm .
tr	O	恩里科与我无关，但是我喜欢他。
tr	O	这一天总是如此清晰地属于他的母亲，而且似乎常常没有其他人的空间。
tr	I	I catch her just in time but Danica almost falls off the dragon .
tr	I	Mike started to feel faint , and Blood was beginning to cover the ground as a result .
tr	I	I know you 're trying to help , and I 'm making a mess of things .
tr	O	事实上，他们周一就投票了，但是没有人能够联系到她。
tr	I	I stared at each other in astonishment and the message replayed as Michelle .
tr	O	他抓住了一些东西，并且他把它深深地藏在心里。
tr	O	他从未迟交过任务，并且他现在也不打算开始迟交。
tr	I	Changed backstage into the historical costume worn for the next few numbers , and he completed the solo , to many screams of delight from the fans .
tr	O	正如我告诉你的，我们已经调查了六起案件，并且它们都惊人地相似。
tr	I	He twisted around as though looking for her , but Stacy could , no doubt , hear her , too .
tr	I	I understood their meaning , and Hobbs 's words whispered in the back of my head .
tr	O	有大事要发生了，并且他有一种不好的预感。
tr	I	I was quickly running out of them , but I came up with every excuse in the book .
tr	I	She quickly turned down the volume , and Hanna 's cell phone beeped .
tr	O	他的手臂仍然环抱着我，并且我不想动。
tr	O	你可能是任何人，并且这里所有人都认识我。
tr	I	Dante rolled his eyes and Tammy 's jaw dropped .
tr	O	华盛顿特区有个人想让我们把主带到那里，并且我们打算去。
tr	I	The driver was not fazed at all , but his voice roared throughout the Rolls Royce .
tr	I	The lieutenant followed suit and he came to attention .
tr	O	我仍然能听到他的声音，但是他已经开始消散了。
tr	I	I thought his painting was one of the best , and he actually appeared to have some artistic talent .
tr	O	我对她点了点头，并且她也回敬地点了点头。
tr	I	His steps were hesitant , weary , but Lloyd had started to move .
tr	O	我还没准备好让她离开，并且我也不想一个人待着。
tr	O	怀亚特会否认，否认，再否认，但是他不能让他那样做。
tr	I	He didn 't want to watch it anymore and he was powerless to stop what was happening .
tr	O	我会随手关上门，但是你真的应该去弄个猫砂盆。
tr	I	The protein portion of the meal is brought to you , but it 's like a buffet .
tr	I	There were a bunch of wrapped newspapers on the lawn , a sure sign that the family was on vacation , and the windows were dark .
tr	I	Cy hangs his head and Crewe covers his face .
tr	I	He nodded once in greeting , and Henry turned us around so we faced the council .
tr	O	片刻之后，父亲爬到了梯子顶端，并且那时只有诺亚不见了。
tr	I	I quickly set it back down and the stench burned my nose .
tr	I	He knew it had been real , but the reality of the previous night 's news came back slowly , almost like recalling a dream .
tr	I	At least she hadn 't fainted , but Eloise 's face went pale .
tr	I	Ever since we met you 're all I think about , but I can 't explain it .
tr	I	That was ancient magic , and this was creation magic .
tr	I	Our friends were really his friends , and Lance was out of the question .
tr	I	It is Maxwell who talks but I expect Gregory to explain .
tr	O	我发誓那些岩石本身就是冰做的，而且有些地方的雪深得我们必须挖开才能通过。
tr	O	雷文对接下来要说的话感到难过，但是他不能让詹姆斯继续假装他们没有死。
tr	I	The people around her were talking to each other with concern , and the cabin was dark .
tr	I	For us right now , this just might turn out to be a good thing and Don was back in the world in his mind .
tr	O	她没有挑明海尔格今晚不受欢迎的暗示，但是她知道海尔格已经明白了，尽管如此。
tr	I	It wasn 't very comfy , and my butt was hanging half off the chair .
tr	I	She couldn 't move , at war with her own nature , yet she stood trembling , desperate to get away .
tr	I	He picked up speed , and Anticipation flooded him .
tr	O	黛拉转身走开，而且凯莉这次抓住了她的手肘。
tr	O	他把脖子向一侧歪了歪，然后又转回来，转了转肩膀。
tr	I	These followers of Jesus had found it , and surely there was something beyond this life !
tr	I	Most of those people were dead , and no one beyond courtesans in St. Petersburg knew their faces .
tr	O	她看不清它是否有眼睛，但是它腹部下方那张大嘴滴着渴望。
tr	O	她仍然觉得有责任把贝丝推入她祖母的魔爪，而且她会尽其所能来弥补这一点。
tr	O	巴什走向泳池边，杰克紧随其后，而且两人开始从跳水板上跳水。
tr	O	我无法让他战斗，但是我会找到一个理由让他不至于消逝。
tr	I	Unable to hold them back but Liza bit the inside of her cheek , knowing she should have kept the words inside .
tr	O	他想他应该很久以前就和她谈谈他的计划了，但是他有不这样做的理由。
tr	O	门开了，并且里奇滑了进来。
tr	O	他看起来有点慌乱，而且他避开了目光。
tr	O	杰克逊用舌头轻弹着我肿胀的敏感部位时看着我，而且我无法抑制住我的叫喊。
tr	O	它会让你分心，并且它会让你对一些不真实的事情产生错误的印象。
tr	I	Cameron put a finger to his lips , but Laura gasped .
tr	I	I can save Ms. Beck ... or I can either teach you how to eradicate the horror unleashed from your lab .
tr	I	Her power sizzled around them , and she dropped her personal borders .
tr	O	我上班去了，并且拉尔斯顿在早晨的集合中逮住了我。
tr	O	他试图唱得更清晰，希望阿德莱德能加入，但是她没有。
tr	I	Dale squinted at us like he thought we were crazier than him , and chance had been mundane for all the time she 'd known him .
tr	I	He secretly wanted him to do it , to kiss him but he should be kicking Nick out of the room .
tr	I	I played it off but he shot me a look that ran a chill down my back .
tr	I	He was her unwavering supporter , and she was his biggest cheerleader .
tr	I	Now she felt stupid and Tammy 's face fell .
tr	I	He threw a kick at the Captain 's head , and a pained , angry shout came from the attacker .
tr	I	I just couldn 't help myself , but I really didn 't mean to eavesdrop .
tr	I	She was Morgan 's mother , nonetheless - but Aria was far from a perfect mother .
tr	I	No invisible entity had popped along to offer assistance , and certainly I 'd been in deadly situations since then .
tr	I	Since she became too awkward around me , they ate by themselves but we used to eat together with SB 's friends .
tr	O	我猛地扔下布，溅了自己一身，并且不祥的预感比日落更快地攫住了我。
tr	O	杰克的额头皱了起来，并且他浓密的眉毛也皱成一团。
tr	I	I couldn 't lift it high enough to wipe my nose , but I hitched my shoulder .
tr	O	她看着他，好像不再想要他了，并且现在比任何时候都更清楚的是，达蒙知道这可能是永久的。
tr	I	They were too far apart , but they reached for each other .
tr	O	她溜进了她的房间，并且他听到她在里面翻找。
tr	I	I was shocked to see people attired in similar clothing , but no one payed me any mind .
tr	O	我不确定我在甲板上能有什么用，但是我觉得我可能应该上去。
tr	I	The only time I 'm not completely broken is when I 'm around her , but she thinks I 'm going to break apart .
tr	O	他没有看到任何湖泊，但是他没有注意自己跑去哪里了。
tr	I	She took a deep breath and he waltzed out her door .
tr	I	The words were hard to recall , but I could see Willow 's face .
tr	I	She had no time to move , but Janelle 's stomach lurched .
tr	I	It was in use , but she spotted it in the corner .
tr	O	我扶着他的头，并且它很快就平静下来了。
tr	O	同学们从我身边走过，急着去上课，并且我感觉到他们在看我。
tr	I	She hated them instantly and she wondered if Rashid had already sampled their beautiful bodies .
tr	O	他们去伦敦度过了一个浪漫的周末，并且约翰发现了一个停满保时捷的汽车展厅。
tr	O	他们仍然在它下面，但是铁轨仍在上升。
tr	O	刺客已经骑在马上，占尽优势，并且博吉亚派系几乎没有人来得及骑上自己的马就被斩杀。
tr	O	他再次与贝克斯交战，但是这次艾萨克占了上风。
tr	O	这就像一个警报，并且她立刻抽身离开。
tr	I	Right now , Myka was her main concern , but the image of those hundreds of hybrids would haunt her forever .
tr	I	Not for the reasons she was saying , but of course she did .
tr	I	He tried to roll over , and her brother groaned slightly .
tr	I	Thunder rumbled , adding to the sense of eeriness , and the sky had darkened to a leaden hue .
tr	I	She shuddered and the image of the man who had attacked her came back into her mind .
tr	I	As they did , a roaring magical wind slammed into her too , and the bricks fell against the creature .
tr	I	She 's hot and she has a thing for you .
tr	O	克洛伊在去拉斯维加斯的路上给我的妈妈打了电话，并且我的妈妈立刻开始抓狂。
tr	I	He paled and shock crossed Malcolm 's face .
tr	O	她确实每天晚上都偷偷溜进我的房间，但是我们从未承认她的来访。
tr	I	He 'd tossed it away without even looking at it -- but Molly was handed a psychologist referral to give to Uncle Devlin .
tr	I	I wrack my brain and he steps into the room .
tr	O	布兰德的目光再次变得迷蒙，但是他什么也没说。
tr	O	她知道她不想吃任何东西，但是她也不想起来把盘子放在一边。
tr	O	我想知道南希是否已经逃脱了，并且如果是这样，她是从哪边翻过去的。
tr	I	For a moment his eyes shone with warmth , and he gave her a weary grin .
tr	I	I show my cards way quicker than I normally would and somehow I feel myself believing that he can help me .
tr	I	The company was buying me a whole new designer wardrobe , and I was leaving for Dubai in two days , for a month on business .
tr	I	We 'll figure it out , and we 're going to help you through this .
tr	O	下一站是我们的，但是我们从未到达。
tr	I	She forced herself back to the present and all three turned their attention to her .
tr	I	I looked up , wincing at the bright ass overhead light and the pressure at the back of my head disappeared .
tr	I	I walked quickly to Stefan 's side and Curiosity had gotten the better of me .
tr	O	他剃了头，但是短而精心修剪的胡须紧贴着他的下巴。
tr	O	我睡了人生中最美的一觉，并且我感到非常困倦。
tr	O	柜子里的人看不到你，并且我的兄弟弗兰基，就是刚才在这里的那个，也看不到你。
tr	O	我认为它主要从一侧向我们袭来，并且我认为它实际上是冲着我来的。
tr	I	I shivered as he shouted my name , and Warmth coated my stomach .
tr	I	The place seemed depressed and the ones he saw were empty of any water , this part of Sri Lanka experiencing a long drought .
tr	O	这一巴掌把她转了个身，并且她撞到地面时，感到冰冷的草压在她灼热的脸颊上。
tr	O	窗户开着，并且她的手机不见了。
tr	I	Then hurried ahead of him , directing him to follow her up the stairs and Robina urged him inside .
tr	I	His eyes found mine and his head came up .
tr	O	烤箱旁边的柜子下面挂着杯子，并且保罗走向了它们。
tr	I	She knew it and it was sarcastic .
tr	O	当她走到城堡门口时，公爵对她咧嘴一笑，并且她的梦想破灭了。
tr	O	他那蓬乱的长发被整理得有些整齐了，并且他在干净衬衫外面套上了一件白色晚礼服夹克。
tr	I	Maybe he 's right , and I think about what he 's implying .
tr	O	我们相处得很好，并且我很喜欢这里的生活。
tr	O	她庆幸自己只需要打一小段文字，但是即使如此，她还是犯了足够的错误来拖慢她的速度。
tr	I	His eyes finally open to meet mine , and he inhales sharply .
tr	I	They were like two brick walls but I tried to fight against them .
tr	O	前一刻，夜晚寂静无声，并且下一刻风就威胁要将凉亭从地上掀起。
tr	I	Their wild hair spilled out the edges of their hoods , and their cloaks were a variety of dark shades .
tr	O	讲故事的时间一直都只属于他们，并且她不想分享它。
tr	I	The tiredness on her face showed the hardships that she had to go on a daily basis , but she was a sweet little kid .
tr	I	Scanning the collapse , I hadn 't seen him , but I knew he was probably dead , too .
tr	O	那些鸟看起来很迷人，但是外表可能具有欺骗性。
tr	I	He was glad that he was alone and Hanna had disappeared sometime before .
tr	I	For his parents this meant four other couples , not counting themselves , and his parents had said tonight 's dinner would be an intimate affair .
tr	I	Gretchen slowed to wait for her , and Nina , who thought shopping at the mall qualified as strenuous exercise , scrambled to keep up .
tr	I	They 'd formed some sort of guys ' club , and she was breaking apart on the inside .
tr	O	他在微笑，但是我认为他微笑是因为他以前没有想到这一点。
tr	O	他的呼吸听起来很费力，并且我能感觉到他的心贴着我的跳动。
tr	I	Link plans to use it to his advantage , but the kid is taunting him with the music .
tr	O	她的声音在结尾处颤抖，并且她花了一点时间来平复情绪。
tr	O	她的脸沉了下来，并且她的身体颤抖。
tr	O	只有三个，并且它们是我生命中的最低谷。
tr	I	He didn 't care , his voice joining the chorus , but signs rattled dangerously close to Eli 's head .
tr	O	他明白了，并且他微微地点了点头。
tr	O	他后退了一步，并且她走了进来。
tr	I	I were to each other and that wasn 't what Fade .
tr	O	我外表平静，但是我的肚子里却有一团坚硬的怒火。
tr	I	I didn 't get my wish of not pressing charges on Zack , and I didn 't get my wish of not going to the hospital .
tr	O	他们可以魅惑自己，并且他们的血液很强大。
tr	I	Only a small noise of surprise escaped , but the girl opened her mouth .
tr	I	She was always hungry for more , but he told her of the valley .
tr	I	Dennis snapped back to reality , and he kicked Dennis ' leg .
tr	O	我差点笑了，但是我不能。
tr	I	Once the gypsies had found her , she 'd traveled all over Europe and she remembered little of her journey from the ice cave .
tr	I	Her eyes sank to his chest and Dana couldn 't hold his gaze .
tr	I	I focused on the fight , pushing out any thoughts that might distract my best friend from the battle at hand , and he fought back .
tr	O	杰克一路牵着我的手回到谷仓，并且当我们看到爸爸们时，我以为他会松开手。
tr	O	我停了下来，做好了准备，但是他并没有冲我而来。
tr	O	他失去了青春的锐气，那根深蒂固的鲁莽，并且某种无限光彩的东西取代了它。
tr	O	他还没有给，但是我想他会给的。
tr	O	她的身体开始旋转，并且她失去了一些判断力，不知道该往哪个方向转动杆子来减缓她的坠落。
tr	O	每个人都呻吟着，并且珍妮笑了。
tr	O	奥隆活在她心里，并且他的存在一直都在。
tr	I	Men died and everywhere I looked men fought .
tr	O	他的声音在他说话时听起来异常沙哑，但是她太忙了没注意到。
tr	O	我不确定自己要去哪里，但是无论我去哪里，我希望能找到一些答案。
tr	O	她的声音很小，并且她开始哭了。
tr	O	情况很危急，并且保罗没有能力战斗。
tr	I	Apparently even gibbons can be housetrained should you start young enough , but it was amazing they did not immediately start urinating all over the carriage .
tr	I	He shook his head , and his brows pulled together .
tr	O	我张开嘴，但是没有声音出来。
tr	I	All I really saw was him but I had impressions of square silhouettes in the murk .
tr	O	我不认为这次我能做任何事情来改变历史，但是我一定做了。
tr	O	他正在努力练习，这是另一轮用沉重的练习剑格挡拜伦的攻击，但是他正在努力。
tr	I	We tumble to the ground and he throws himself at me .
tr	O	她又吻了我，并且我们倒在了她的床上。
tr	I	The blow never came , but I raised my unhurt arm in weak defense as I waited for my unseen attacker to deal their next blow .
tr	I	We did like the privacy , but of course the building was much larger than a little group like Real Murders needed .
tr	I	Soon they were given over into the hands of panic and a spirit of rumor overcame the army .
tr	I	I didn 't have to enjoy it , but playing the happy one was my job .
tr	O	她朝那个方向做了个手势，并且他们走在了她前面。
tr	I	There was something about her reaction that seemed strange , but Audrey 's eyes filled with tears again .
tr	I	Flung my head away with inhuman strength and he shuddered .
tr	O	疼得我大叫起来，并且眼泪在我能止住它们之前就流出来了。
tr	O	我通常不迷信，但是那个我无法解释。
tr	I	He deftly rolled away to avoid it and a pair of eyes leaped at him .
tr	O	我似乎伤害了她，并且我不明白为什么。
tr	I	So pale she hardly recognized him , and he was stripped to the waist .
tr	I	Her head falls back and Alexandra rolls her eyes .
tr	O	他们都知道我们时间不多了，并且没有更多信息，他们都在盲目摸索。
tr	I	The ground quakes and he chants .
tr	O	他被附身的手抓住了麦克的枪，但是一道激光束正中特克的胸部。
tr	O	他可能没有表现出相同的外在表现，但是她也将他震撼到了骨子里。
tr	O	门开了，并且沃姆走了进来。
tr	I	She wondered if he had already forgotten about her , and her stomach growled .
tr	I	When he saw none , he moved so Jackie could go through first , and Iain checked for danger on the other side of the crack .
tr	I	A rush of air pummeled us and I pulled open the front door .
tr	O	我感到有什么东西断了，并且我花了一会儿才意识到那声嘶哑的痛苦叫喊是出自我的。
tr	O	吉迪恩研究着我的脸，并且接着他露出了一个顽皮的笑容。
tr	I	I stood , and then he lowered me to my feet .
tr	I	Her legs were sore , and Rema 's back ached .
tr	O	我不认为她是有意让我们任何一个人听到，但是我还是听到了。
tr	O	这可能是肯定的，或者这可能是否定的。
tr	O	连城防队都多次来找他，但是我设法让劳伦斯远离了麻烦。
tr	I	He still smiled , but Joe stopped laughing .
tr	I	My heart plummets and I don 't see him .
tr	O	他们在一扇办公室门外停了下来，并且穆勒在进去前迅速敲了两下。
tr	O	凯文烦躁地向上看了一眼，但是没有人进来。
tr	I	He burst out laughing at her outrageous thoughts , and he was a shadow in her mind .
tr	I	Her mind imagined torment after torment as she rode , and they had seemed outnumbered when she had left .
tr	I	I wore one of those masks they advise for mothers to wear , and I aired it out while I was decorating .
tr	O	我盯着她看，并且当她的笑声减弱时，她的眼睛捕捉到了我的目光。
tr	I	His gaze meets mine , and he lifts his head .
tr	I	Her arms weren 't , but her voice was unsteady .
tr	O	仪式结束了，并且我们都签了字。
tr	I	Kiran didn 't get a chance to answer before Avalon spoke up and I noticed Talbott shake his head negatively .
tr	O	丹妮洗澡洗了很久，但是那没关系。
tr	I	The explanation for such a feeling was eluding me , but simply being in his presence made me feel secure .
tr	I	She didn 't think she could stand the pain that would fill her once she allowed herself to think , but Zoe knew she was rambling .
tr	O	你只要看一眼，并且你的父亲就会意识到你是一个多么宝贵的财富。
tr	O	我是男人，并且你是女人。
tr	O	出去很好，并且回家也很好。
tr	I	After that 's all handled , I 'll look at it , but I have a bunch of shit to take care of tomorrow .
tr	I	He could once again see the vulnerable woman who hid inside and he hoped it wouldn 't be long before the shell was removed .
tr	I	Their affection made his blood boil , but he enjoyed eavesdropping .
tr	I	He sounded normal , but she would have expected that his words would come out garbled because of the water .
tr	I	His foot brushed up against something , but Markman slowly took a stepped back .
tr	I	Within minutes we were out the door and Harry stuffed our things in our bags .
tr	O	他已经杀了六个人了，并且瑞贝卡看起来是下一个。
tr	I	We know this now to be untrue , but at one point it was believed that man could not fly .
tr	O	他不明白为什么这本书这次没能帮上他们，但是他知道他们绝不能像刘航那样。
tr	I	He decided he had better break the kiss before things got out of hand and his lower body tightened predictably .
tr	O	我父亲可以谈论他打球的日子，并且我母亲可以给他端上一些新鲜出炉的饼干。
tr	I	Our mouth 's finding each other 's and she whispered , gripping onto my back .
tr	O	瓦莱里娅在考虑再次抱紧，但是莉亚为此做好了准备。
tr	O	她也吃力地去打开我的，但是我比她先够到了。
tr	O	看到她受苦给他带来了巨大的满足，但是这并不是她即将目睹的最糟糕的事情。
tr	O	女巫可以帮我解决问题，并且世界会继续把我们看作幸福的一对。
tr	I	She felt dizzy and her entire body tensed .
tr	O	我们不知道的太多了，而且我无法摆脱我们被误导的感觉。
tr	O	天太黑了，看不清他的五官，但是我相当确定那不是我认识的人。
tr	O	她走上前去再给艾玛一个拥抱，但是安妮抢在她前面，几乎是扑向了她的妹妹。
tr	O	她的心跳失控了，并且她的嘴巴完全干了。
tr	O	仿佛她挑战了他，并且他现在正要证明她错了。
tr	I	Eric vaulted up beside them , and once the girls clambered aboard , Reese held his food .
tr	O	蒙面男子开口说话了，但是男孩不明白。
tr	I	She realized she was in a room and her eyes focused .
tr	I	He comes right up for a kiss , salty warm and the wood drops onto the pool deck with a clatter .
tr	I	It seemed that neither one of them had moved on , but he wasn 't a romance expert by a long stretch .
tr	I	She looked him in the eyes , but her voice trembled .
tr	I	There were a dozen more moments , some fuzzy , some very clear And sometimes he flew , much of the time he was nak * d. .
tr	I	There 's a sinking in my gut , and I immediately remember my sister .
tr	O	他散发着魅力，并且他的眼睛闪闪发光。
tr	I	Amy gave him a pretty heavy shot of sedatives and we got Ted settled again .
tr	I	Rachel didn 't have time to reply , but Nate whispered sarcastically .
tr	O	她试图让自己推开他，摆脱被抱，但是她的身体拒绝配合。
tr	I	The neckline was perfect , making me feel covered up but the cut of my shirt showed my upper curves .
tr	O	布莱恩眯着眼向上看，仿佛他除了那些贴在斜坡上的建筑什么都看不到。
tr	I	He hadn 't driven her anywhere all day , but I quickly hunted down Jensen .
tr	O	她试图不吵醒他地从他怀里挣脱，但是他环抱她的手臂简直就是铁镣。
tr	O	她不知道他要把她带到哪里去，但是她会打扮得最漂亮，即使那会要了她的命。
tr	I	The remnants of her makeup looked hideous and her hair resembled a frizzy string mop .
tr	I	You were miscarrying the baby , and you were only eight weeks along .
tr	I	I 'd be caught , and all it would take was for Alex to feel the tiniest buzz .
tr	I	He didn 't react , and I kissed his neck .
tr	O	她听着电话那头的人，有了一段停顿，并且接着她发出了一声哽咽。
tr	I	I didn 't recognize the rest , but one of them was Owen 's .
tr	I	Fixing me was her favorite thing to do , but apparently , Heather had her own demons to tend to .
tr	I	He lifted her onto his lap , and his hands slid under her arms .
tr	I	Soon we go our separate ways , and I hug them all .
tr	O	雅各布冷峻的表情稍微软化，但是他的下巴仍因愤怒而紧绷。
tr	I	Life was starting to look much brighter and he was responding well to his new medication .
tr	I	I 'm impressed , and I 've never seen a super fight before .
tr	I	She wanted to keep him guessing but she hadn 't .
tr	I	I 'm not paying attention , but Ethan 's voice sounds panicked now , too .
tr	I	As he attempted to slide the card up his own sleeve it caught on his cuff and Loki nodded in approval at my sleight of hand .
tr	I	Sometimes rape is committed as a random act and many times familiar people commit rape .
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他放开了我的门。
tr	I	He did a good job from that point on and Jason 's unselfish act really seemed to help Brett .
tr	O	沃尔夫认为这种威胁令人厌恶，但是战争中它们却很有用。
tr	O	此时他胸部艰难地吸着气，并且他的肌肉因持续的劳累开始酸痛。
tr	I	Her power was at the ready and Adrenaline was flooding her body .
tr	I	I hugs her again and tears burn my eyes .
tr	O	亚当抓住了我挥舞的手，并且我们做了秘密握手。
tr	O	聚光灯移动了，并且岛上的卫城重现了。
tr	O	他呼吸中散发着酒精味，并且它从他的毛孔中渗出。
tr	I	Every robot on the team was enthusiastic about the job , and the robot team was working without any direct human supervision .
tr	O	爱丽丝对吉迪恩眨了眨眼，并且他对她皱起了眉。
tr	I	Main Street was crowded , but he didn 't see her car .
tr	O	汽车向前行驶着，并且我心想这车的减震器一定非常好，因为它感觉就像我们在滑行。
tr	O	带着一声diddy aye o'和一声fal an' doe 再一声diddy aye o' aye ay。
tr	I	Nothing good waited at the end , and the conversation was dangerous .
tr	I	When he suckled her she actually shrieked and she held his head to her tightly .
tr	O	她和爸爸睡了，并且他们开始了一段关系。
tr	I	Dylan didn 't mind , but she smiled her triumph .
tr	I	No one knew what the ultimate outcome of their use would be and the retention chambers were a new technology at the time .
tr	O	他不久后就因与偷猎者串通而被解雇了，但是他的解雇无法让死去的动物复活。
tr	O	孩子们安静而沮丧，并且约瑟夫无法安慰他们。
tr	O	门砰地一声关上，并且我痛苦地跪倒在地。
tr	I	You won 't get in neither , even with that fancy shirt , and ain 't our kind .
tr	I	It was a fact , but that made no sense .
tr	I	It had always been the princess that claimed his , yet she had loved him with all her heart .
tr	O	仿佛万物有灵，仿佛无生命的世界会说话，并且当它说话时，它咆哮着。
tr	O	克莱尔的目光与他的相遇了一会儿，并且她便移开了。
tr	I	As I fell forwards , unable to stop , the same arm caught me and we reached the bottom .
tr	O	我开始告诉他我不需要他的帮助，但是之后我有了个主意。
tr	I	I needed to see him immediately , and a huge weight was lifted off my chest with his words .
tr	O	我的呼吸加快了，而且我的心跳也加速了。
tr	I	A necklace studded with sapphires graced her slender neck , and a net of pearls capped the top of her head .
tr	O	他赞同地点了点头，从椅子上站了起来，并且她迅速抱起了还在熟睡的卢瑟。
tr	I	I don 't really know her , but I 've seen her around town .
tr	I	He tensed and I threw my hands around him .
tr	O	车门滑开了，并且人们开始涌出来。
tr	I	I had to fight the emotion to answer him in a voice he could understand and he asked simply .
tr	O	道森很少谈论他在代达罗斯的经历，而且当他真的谈起时，通常会告诉凯特。
tr	I	Jacqueline suggested a sit-down place inside the mall , but she would 've been happy with a hamburger .
tr	I	Zella typed in the password on the keypad , and the hall lights flickered on as we approached .
tr	I	He snatched the phone from my hands , but I refused to hand it to him .
tr	I	I was still failing miserably , and it took every effort I had to remain calm .
tr	O	我以为她的眼睛开始湿润了，但是我在那些闪烁在我们身体上的旋转光线中无法真正确定。
tr	I	The reward would be worth all the sacrifices , but the last few years had been bleak financially .
tr	I	I could feel myself gradually waking up and Andrew Weaver Chapter One Present Day I became aware that it had suddenly got much brighter .
tr	O	凯瑟琳知道那是为了掩盖痛苦，并且一阵恐惧让她血管发凉。
tr	I	Stalker was closer , but I didn 't care for it either .
tr	I	Each morphed into several human shapes , and the seven colors separated from the rainbow , straightened .
tr	I	That one there , and Devon watched him from the shadows of the early night as Robert moved about ordering this servant here .
tr	I	They were yelling at each other and Alisa started arguing .
tr	I	People on the street turned to stare , and he spoke too loudly .
tr	O	我不完全确定为什么，但是M我决定和她谈谈。
tr	I	I stumble , trying to keep my balance , and the kick of the rifle knocks me backward .
tr	I	I have a history and he must know Adam .
tr	O	马修点点头，并且我继续。
tr	O	也许比别人慢，但是我并不弱。
tr	O	我们有一个计划，而且在你的帮助下，我们可以做到这一点。
tr	O	感恩节快到了，并且我们将在前一个周三去汉普顿。
tr	O	昆感觉到她内心怒火中烧，想要对他发火，并且他为自己激起了如此剧烈的情绪而得意。
tr	I	A stretch I 'm willing to investigate further , but it 's a stretch .
tr	I	Her soft pink lips gently parted , and her eyes are bright , her cheeks red .
tr	I	His pants looked like they were just a bit too short and his shirt was opened , showing a mass of black hair .
tr	I	You never talk with a full mouth and my mouth will be full .
tr	I	Max 's plate of white cream sauce went tumbling ... into his lap , and I grabbed for my phone , the chair collided with the waiter .
tr	O	男孩们开始看着自己的脚，就像受伤的孩子会做的那样，并且斯坎伦先生似乎心碎了。
tr	I	You trip yourself up and Intelligence is like legs - too many .
tr	O	威廉转向萨凡纳，并且杰弗里发动了攻击。
tr	I	That fueled my desire , and Jackson was grunting like an animal behind me .
tr	O	山姆本会避开他，但是韦尔在他一进入客厅就找到了他。
tr	O	我很难理解怎么会有人喜欢早上五点起床烘焙，但是他却做到了。
tr	O	任何其他狗可能都会跛行离开，但是由于他的两条前腿都不能用，他无法移动。
tr	I	They motored to shore and Howie followed along with Celeste .
tr	I	Then it was a pride that transcended the emptiness of gestures , but Magnus was so proud .
tr	I	I guess he was used to it and his dad had been like that too .
tr	I	I know how much she 's missed you , and she hasn 't seen you in a while .
tr	O	越过那条线，而且你就会被视为逃犯。
tr	I	All I could think about was the loud gunshot we 'd heard , but I tried to keep up with him as best as I could .
tr	O	他的气息很近，但是她却无法完全... 抓到了！
tr	O	只要你用你妈妈的阿拉巴马小姐绶带做一次弹弓，而且你就会一辈子被贴上麻烦制造者的标签。
tr	I	Her smile never faltered but Becca shook her head .
tr	I	Mother 's face dropped and I had snorted accidentally .
tr	I	If he truly believed you to be your mother , he would have attacked me immediately , but I wish it was not so .
tr	I	I leaned it against the wall , and I grabbed it , scraping the packed dirt floor .
tr	O	它近在咫尺，无论那是什么，但是时间似乎已经慢得像爬行一样了。
tr	O	死神所要做的只是想一个地点，并且他就能瞬间闪现到那里。
tr	I	Ty was too still , but it would almost have been sweet under other circumstances .
tr	O	《招魂师》旨在娱乐，但是它也是一本互动电子书。
tr	I	Then I hang up the phone because I 'm a chickenshit , and I have dialed it a million times .
tr	I	We both took out our ' time passers ' as she called them and she started to play our list .
tr	I	I push him back on the blanket , and I 'm lost in the passion of the moment .
tr	O	指挥官没有回复，因为他那条残缺的腿正在疼痛，并且大家都知道不该再用信息让他劳累。
tr	I	I 'll give you our hotel info and if you can 't make it to the airport , just call us .
tr	I	The dark eyes were at last looking straight at her , but for a moment she was afraid she couldn 't speak .
tr	I	He would only get one chance to get past them , and he knew the police would barge in at any moment .
tr	O	过了一段时间他回来了，而且消息不妙。
tr	O	卢克按了几下键，并且屏幕上出现了一栋建筑的立面图。
tr	O	我来这里是为了寻找答案，而且赞德的谎言是其中最主要的。
tr	I	All the DVDs fall to the floor and I knock his DVD stand over .
tr	I	Somebody else 's old trainers , but I could understand the clothes ?
tr	I	The result was never something that attractive and I 'd seen other girls cry before .
tr	I	I used my hand to get a clear look at myself and the steam fogged up the mirror .
tr	I	She felt the spring begin to tighten , and he did .
tr	O	它是离庄园最远的旅馆，但是这里的任何人都能告诉你它在哪里。
tr	O	曾经重要的事情可能不再是优先事项了，而且这并不总是容易被别人接受的。
tr	O	他会虚弱几天，但是，我看不出我们怎能少给山姆一点。
tr	O	他把帐篷包递给了凯茜，并且把最重的背包搭在自己肩上。
tr	I	It 's almost worse and Adam doesn 't complain .
tr	O	他才刚开始，并且我感到无聊了。
tr	I	No one was supposed to see it before hand and Elizabeth was planning a gala unveiling for December eleventh .
tr	O	他运气不好，并且我帮了他一个小忙。
tr	I	It looked ancient and it was glass .
tr	I	It 's what I am good at but I know I complain about this job .
tr	O	做好你自己的事，并且你就会没事的。
tr	O	有证据表明伊德里斯有军事集结，并且高地人最近对北方关隘尤其吝啬。
tr	I	Heart was still hammering in my chest , but I had no idea what had just happened to me .
tr	O	当巴克斯不再把他拉回来并且马修能够到伸出灰烬的银版照片的角落时，他松了一口气。
tr	I	We were quiet until it disappeared around the block , and a motorcycle raced down the dark street .
tr	I	The warning signs from the Treasure Valley were announcing themselves , but they were still a couple of days march from Emmett .
tr	I	Leslie 's problems could distract me from my own and sighing , I turned to my laptop , hoping Everton .
tr	O	我床边桌上的旧钟似乎不再走了，但是其他一切看起来都差不多。
tr	I	When he finally dropped his hands , it was gone , but a smile peeked through every few seconds .
tr	I	He stayed sleeping , content with his full belly , but his arms stretched out momentarily as I raised him in my arms .
tr	O	我已经受到来自美国和联合国关于所谓人权问题的抨击。
tr	O	到目前为止我们一直在闲聊，但是现在是时候谈正事了。
tr	O	约拿好奇地看着我，而且我发现我无法与他对视。
tr	O	布赖恩一直很擅长避开这样的陷阱，但是不幸的是今天他的思绪飘到了一个遥远得多的美好世界。
tr	O	坚硬的小颗粒弄痛了她的皮肤，但是她却很高兴有这寒冷，有这刺痛。
tr	I	He nodded , and I said .
tr	I	The opposite happens of course , but I wander for a while , trying to empty my head of thoughts .
tr	O	我付不起房租，而且我也买不起回田纳西的票。
tr	O	她的身体毫无生气，而且她再也回不来了。
tr	I	The length varies from 1 inch to 3 inches and the lacerations are all approximately 1mm in width .
tr	I	She managed to squash it in time , but a gleeful cackle rose in her chest .
tr	O	她给纳什转了几件新案子，但是大部分的负担仍然落在她肩上。
tr	O	接着DJ把音箱对准了敞开的健身房大门，并且我们都在外面，在星空下跳完了当晚的最后一支舞。
tr	I	He couldn 't hide his grin , but Paul held up his hands in surrender .
tr	I	We 'd continue to do so , and we 'd been handling Ryan 's problems on our own .
tr	O	我匆忙中又跌倒了，并且我们听到脚步声朝我们跑来时都愣住了。
tr	O	她听不到那个声音，但是她正在努力听。
tr	I	It was still tacky , and the light switch had been smeared with blood .
tr	I	I knew he knew he fucked up bad and I looked at him dead in the eyes .
tr	O	美国宇航局对此感到相当不适，但是我们别无选择。
tr	I	I knew what he was doing , and his gaze flickered around me .
tr	O	她最后一次看向他的方向，并且他看着她。
tr	I	That was enough to double him over , but all she managed was a vicious pinch .
tr	O	她以前被袭击过，很多年前，但是当时的情况有所不同。
tr	O	一声凶猛的咆哮从他喉咙里发出，并且他的眼睛炽热地发光，红色的火焰在深处跳跃。
tr	I	The possibilities were immediately evident , but Room 410 looked like a disaster .
tr	I	My arms hung limply at my sides and a deep calm suddenly settled over me .
tr	O	丹开始颤抖，并且他停不下来。
tr	I	She hadn 't done anything to avoid it and she had known that this storm was coming .
tr	I	He had a similar expression on his face as well , but she glanced up at Royston , trying to figure out what was going on .
tr	O	他当然知道，但是不知为何，听到她亲口说出来，这听起来更令人印象深刻十倍。
tr	I	The Devil can change some things to suit his fancy , but the Devil cannot perform miracles the way God can perform them .
tr	O	他将它挥向地面，点燃着东西，并且然后他会把它挥到空中。
tr	O	我走到她身边，并且她递给我一支Coppertone防晒霜。
tr	O	她伸手去抓他，但是他移开靠近我，让她扑了个空。
tr	O	它们很亮，但是我能更好地阅读它们。
tr	I	The wind hit him from one side and he was alone at this hour of the day .
tr	I	His presence drew the eye , but Yves wore only black .
tr	O	她现在永远不会回答那些问题了，但是伊森有他自己的真相要说。
tr	I	Mookie 's knife was sharp , but I was awkward about it .
tr	I	None of them had touched it , but a large basket of Baked Tostitos sat on the coffee table .
tr	I	That was all right , the spell said , but some stuck to the bottom of the glass .
tr	I	She flinched involuntarily , and the mention of a child was like a right cross to the jaw after his punch to her solar plexus .
tr	O	我对她笑了笑，并且她呜咽了一声。
tr	I	The water seemed to disappear right into the blue horizon and the pool had sweeping , endless views of the ocean .
tr	O	她从未对男人有过如此强烈的身体吸引，并且随着时间的推移，也从未有过如此强烈的情感依恋。
tr	I	His laughter was infectious , and he broke down laughing .
tr	O	扎恩不确定自己对此有何看法，并且看到泰恩这样子确实很奇怪。
tr	O	我从未非常喜欢它，并且我为此感到抱歉。
tr	I	She held her arms out to him , and she needed him .
tr	I	Chris laid in his bed thinking and everyone went to bed that night .
tr	O	另一台发动机的轰鸣声让我转过身去，并且我看到一辆米色军用卡车正在追上我们。
tr	I	She had no more than hit the ground when she saw Lucas attack , and he dropped her .
tr	I	His heart sank as another wall appeared , looming out of the blackness in front of him , but he willed himself forwards .
tr	I	I opened my eyes , and his power , thick over me , pulled me back .
tr	I	The look there told Grace she 'd already lost him , and then his eyes opened .
tr	I	I thought I could detect a faint smile at the corner of her lips but she furrowed her brow at first .
tr	I	All I did was stop them , but I could 've sent them back at the guards .
tr	I	He didn 't have a solution , either , but he didn 't disagree with me .
tr	I	She breathed out a long breath and the smile slipped .
tr	I	I signaled it to Jonah , and that was Michael 's location .
tr	I	I am completely sure that my savior just walked out of the prison , but I haven 't seen him since that night .
tr	O	这很奇怪，但是它现在感觉几乎就像我手臂的自然延伸。
tr	O	凯瑟琳低头看着地面，并且一滴眼泪滑过她的脸颊。
tr	I	There was no escaping that and she owed him .
tr	I	He played his iPod throughout the night , and I had one who required little sleep .
tr	I	Then I passed into the darkness , and his eyes widened .
tr	I	Again , this time with a deep contentment , Sonia sighed and her gaze went to her little Christmas tree .
tr	O	我打开电视到一场足球赛，想在刷牙的时候看点什么，但是我把音量调得很低。
tr	O	私立学校很贵，但是寄宿学校呢？
tr	O	我们的父亲告诉了她发生了什么事，但是我却从没能开口谈论它。
tr	O	她除了见海伦之外没有时间做更多的事，但是保罗说她很强大。
tr	I	I had to swallow several times before I could speak , and the lump in my throat was unexpected .
tr	I	As Dee moved to scout farther ahead , Mara became more chatty , and they continued walking as Julia drank .
tr	I	It didn 't even faze him , but it had to hurt .
tr	O	小径本身不规则，并且如果那些影子真的发动攻击，他至少会做好准备。
tr	I	As she brushed it across her cheek , she felt her soul leap with indescribable pleasure , and the most intriguing aroma filled her mind .
tr	O	囚犯可以在闲暇时间参观图书馆，并且规则相当灵活。
tr	O	兜帽的黑暗让我迷失了方向，并且我摇摇晃晃。
tr	I	I start from the bottom of the cluster , working my way up and I visualize the stars above my bed .
tr	O	与涅斯托尔的谈话揭示了那位老人也有同样的想法，并且对奥德修斯来说，那消除了最后的疑虑。
tr	I	Those twin actions set off a long , long moan from Clay , and she gripped his shaft hard in her hand as she tasted him .
tr	O	我以前从未向艾米丽寻求过专业上的帮助，并且我希望这不会改变我们的友谊。
tr	O	她的手掌发痒，并且她让一只手向下移到她臀部的手枪上。
tr	I	As she looked at him , she sensed that he was waiting for her response , but shock had her feeling a little stunned .
tr	O	如果这需要太多魔法，你的身体会垮掉并且一切就都结束了。
tr	I	That was enough time for folks to realize that Bria was here , but it had only taken us about two minutes to get through security .
tr	I	He looked at her , confusion plain on his face and Rausch 's eyes flew open again .
tr	I	I know you 're there , but I can 't smell you !
tr	I	Nothing had been the same since and it was as if something had clicked inside me .
tr	O	他的目光在她闪亮的嘴唇上流连，并且他想再次吻她。
tr	O	圣路易斯大概在中途，但是那里对我来说没有最好的回忆。
tr	I	The bitterness followed , and she felt a searing pain .
tr	I	Instinct was a powerful thing to fight against , but I wanted to .
tr	I	You don 't , but he thinks you spend every night falling asleep thinking of him .
tr	O	宙斯身体后仰靠在椅子上，并把双脚搭在桌上说道。
tr	I	I pushed it down , but panic rose again .
tr	I	I won 't have her falling into their hands , and I know those SOBs already made a grab for Cassidy once .
tr	O	她有些问题需要解决，而且我的出现也帮不上忙。
tr	I	His reflection stared back without blinking and Matt stared at his reflection in the mirror .
tr	O	我们会那样做，但是到此为止。
tr	I	It didn 't last long , but his expression softened a fraction .
tr	O	一次深长的呼吸努力平息他已在她体内激起的狂野渴望，而且她几乎成功了。
tr	O	他比乱马慢，但是他仍然有天赋。
tr	I	The pain was so severe that she thought she might faint , and from the hallway she could see the dim figure of Robbie by the window .
tr	I	A hell of a lot to gain , but Barry had nothing to lose .
tr	I	She releases my wrist to salute me and her grin fully forms .
tr	I	She was more generous with it , or Nisha had more money than me .
tr	I	I have it to offer ... and she said you need time .
tr	O	她感觉自己进入了一个不同的世界，然而它却感觉很熟悉，几乎像家一样。
tr	O	一道安全门挡住了通往他车道的入口，但是它是开着的。
tr	I	Gabe 's office remained dark , but Jerry labored away , as usual .
tr	O	你没有睡着，而且你也没有死。
tr	I	I see that Nita is wearing a small smile , and I look over my shoulder just once before going .
tr	I	I hadn 't realized how badly I 'd needed to go and I 'd been forced to pee in much worse places before .
tr	I	She knew Marius so well and they 'd spent decades together .
tr	O	他永远不会屈服，但是他担心她会。
tr	O	这花了几趟，但是我还是设法把它们都扔进了汽车后座。
tr	I	I leaned against the fluffy sleeve of her new robe , and she covered my legs with her blanket .
tr	O	我们离开了桌子，并且我终于转身面对她。
tr	I	He made good use of the improved hearing as well , and he needed the improved eyesight to see in the darkness .
tr	I	Saturday , after my shift at Newton 's , was homework again , and Friday was the garage .
tr	O	怒气涌遍她的全身，而且她愤怒地喘息着。
tr	O	戴夫装作没在看，但是布雷克心知肚明。
tr	I	A flash of electricity sent Nate twirling through the air , and Eric reached out a hand , grazing Nate 's shoulder .
tr	I	An old Chevy cargo van came from behind him , and a couple of cars approached from the opposite direction .
tr	O	它不是一个大剧院，但是它对我来说足够大了。
tr	I	They were our first priority client and they had supplied the seed money .
tr	O	手机的嗡嗡声在床上吵醒了他，但是他没有理会。
tr	O	我努力回忆，但是模糊的大脑拒绝帮忙。
tr	I	She was a Vampire now , but she still looked like Susie .
tr	I	He sidestepped quickly into her path , but she attempted to step around him .
tr	I	The line went dead again and no more words were spoken .
tr	O	人群变得越来越不安，并且我承认即便在那时，周围人的热情也让我赞同，甚至差点就真的关心了。
tr	O	他的生命被一个醉酒司机终结了，并且他再也没有见到他们。
tr	I	She heard a thud as he ran into the side of the building , and her opponent hit ﬁrst .
tr	I	I landed on my ass with a thump on the hardwood floor , and he threw me off .
tr	O	他本想让我留在身边，但是我们都知道暂时那是不可能的。
tr	I	I had to be strong , but it was painful to think about because it had just happened .
tr	O	她已经杀了两个人了，并且她的眼睛睁得大大的，扫视着昏暗的区域寻找更多目标。
tr	O	她的一部分仍然相信，他们在相处期间曾分享过一种独特的联系，并且另一部分则在许多层面上怀疑自己。
tr	I	I immediately wished I hadn 't said anything , and my voice still came out as a croak .
tr	I	She knew Tiffany 's response wouldn 't be as loud , but Brent 's voice carried back to Cierra .
tr	O	斯蒂芬脸有点红了，并且我着迷地打量着他。
tr	O	她知道这不仅仅是注意而已，并且她一想到这个就脸红了。
tr	I	The image was much clearer , and the baby appeared on the screen .
tr	I	He 'd committed himself to her , but he didn 't do relationships either .
tr	I	His old style French was pretty good , but actually he sounded more like a Disneyland pirate than a saloon keeper .
tr	I	I fear an instant regression to the monster I was before , but it 's illogical .
tr	O	那个小个子男人对她的吸引力大于他对她的恐吓，然而她仍然害怕他。
tr	O	它当时肯定开到了六七十码，发动机的轰鸣声在黑暗的建筑物之间回荡，远光灯晃着他的眼睛。
tr	I	She had chosen Eddie and I had chosen Bryce .
tr	I	The damn Corwin Curse hung over their heads and their first try had ended in miscarriage .
tr	I	I couldn 't lead him on , and his eyes grew wide with hope .
tr	I	Butch went there every chance he got , but I stopped by once in a while .
tr	O	明天他们可能会来找我，但是我想今天不会。
tr	I	With every syllable she cursed her own stupidity , and the words were very difficult to give voice to .
tr	I	She ignored them , but whispers sprang up in her wake as she moved through the club .
tr	I	I was frightened , but it was small differences .
tr	I	I had my hat down low , and he had his dark hood up .
tr	I	There was a sinister undertone , but it was said lightly enough .
tr	I	Constantia shoved her down again , but Jane tried to rise .
tr	I	I found myself sitting snugly between my grandparents , and when the song was over , we sat down .
tr	O	那是芬妮·梅说的，并且意思很明确。
tr	O	他笑了，我也跟着笑起来，当我们翻看衣架时。
tr	I	I don 't know why , and I 'm feeling on edge .
tr	I	I know he 's doing it on purpose but Rian sounds clueless .
tr	O	通常我不会觉得我会喜欢头发那么短的男生，但是不知怎的，这让迪伦更具吸引力了。
tr	O	第二个人制止了第一个人，并且她背对着他们。
tr	O	电梯到了，并且他们都进去了。
tr	O	我预约了来看你，并且我每天都在好转。
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her , and she was probably avoiding me .
tr	I	He wasn 't asking for anything he didn 't want to give , but he was a tough taskmaster .
tr	O	他转向她时显得很吃惊，并且就这样，所有脆弱的痕迹都消失了。
tr	I	Nobody could hear me , except for myself , but I am chatting away , calling for Tedd , telling him that I am alright .
tr	O	我一直幻想它会因为我们的吸引而改变，但是贝克的情绪太混乱了，无法走到那一步。
tr	O	他轻轻地用手指摩挲她的乳头，并且她扭动着身体避开了。
tr	O	他们又争论了一会儿，但是最后，他们都似乎满意于我像凯撒一样死透了。
tr	I	He released her , but Rich looked confused .
tr	I	It was more than obvious that he was no longer serving that punishment , but Ashby was supposed to have been punished for that betrayal .
tr	O	也许我本来没有计划这样做，但是面对那个问题我不得不选择。
tr	O	我认出了几个人，并且他们向我挥手。
tr	O	他的脸颊慢慢扬起，并且我跟着它的动作，然后查看了另一边脸颊，希望获得双倍的酒窝满足感。
tr	O	他对我咧嘴一笑，并且我们离开了艺术宫。
tr	O	他发现尸体时，它正如他离开时一样，并且塞巴斯蒂安开始例行处理尸体。
tr	I	I pull back and the reality of what I 'm doing slaps me in the face .
tr	I	They have someone guarding the door so I couldn 't escape and there aren 't any windows .
tr	I	The music stopped in that same breath and she sniffed , fighting to hold back the tears .
tr	I	Her face relaxed and Maggie took a step back .
tr	I	The weirdest thing happened , and he smiled .
tr	I	This time she wasn 't as dazzled , but Charity gave Mairi another one of her unique smiles .
tr	O	向我请求恩惠，并且你将不会被拒绝。
tr	O	我绝不会伤害他，但是他母亲不知道这一点。
tr	O	他的胃翻腾着，并且他尝试忍着疼痛呼吸。
tr	I	He saw her recognition of it and he hadn 't answered her question .
tr	I	When he spoke the others listened , but Hild was normally silent .
tr	O	当她把这告诉杰夫时，他的脸色全变了，并且他看起来就像被人打了一拳肚子。
tr	O	我与灵魂感受到的连接是源头，并且在那一刻，他们确实像电池一样。
tr	O	麦吉尔开始大声笑起来，让整个码头都能听到，但是仍然没有不良少年从秘密藏身处出来。
tr	O	我认为这可能与你让我经常发笑，并且你非常聪明这一事实有关。
tr	I	The blade cut across his left leg , opening up a deep , deep wound , and this time , Logan wasn 't quite quick enough .
tr	O	我不知道我们需要多少时间，但是我们必须解决这个谜团。
tr	O	他不像玛丽亚那样毫不费力地强大，但是我仍然能感受到他握力中的力量。
tr	I	Finally she spoke , but the moment of silence stretched on for an eternity that Thomas ' didn 't want to end .
tr	O	我的膝盖撞到了垫子上，并且我迅速用手抹了一下鼻子，希望他没有注意到血迹。
tr	O	她需要他们，而且有生以来第一次，他们却不在。
tr	I	He sunk slowly to the sand and Gregor 's knees turned to jelly .
tr	O	我一生中从未滑过冰，但是我喜欢站在别人的跳跃点上。
tr	O	他试图抱起她，但是她在他怀里颤抖，她的眼睛向后翻。
tr	I	I 'm satisfied with the language , but it takes fourteen pages to say this .
tr	O	当她走动时，新的线条出现了，并且旧的线条消失了，渐渐远去。
tr	I	Then Eugene let Nick into the house , and I listened to the exchange of introductions .
tr	I	I loved her , and she loved me .
tr	O	我问他关于以前的狩猎，但是他不愿详谈。
tr	O	梅洛皱起了眉头，并且他若有所思地看着戴夫。
tr	I	She certainly wasn 't going to start down that road tonight , and had never been the insecure type either .
tr	I	He held it firm , but she tugged her hand .
tr	O	他的脸看起来很憔悴，并且恐惧笼罩着他的双眼。
tr	O	雅各布怒不可遏，但是他就是雅各布。
tr	I	The two other men followed behind , and it was obvious that Gardener knew his way .
tr	I	They went back inside and Benji flew Rachel back to the balcony .
tr	O	她痛恨骗子胜过一切，但是她也没有天真到认为谎言绝无必要的时候。
tr	I	Together they soared to completion , and she exhaled hard , accepting all of him .
tr	O	他们两个需要结婚，而且他需要她躺在他身下。
tr	O	他们不止是客气，而且甚至还派车来协助。
tr	I	He looked up sharply , and the front door creaked open .
tr	I	Again , so was everything that had come before it , but it was impossible , of course .
tr	O	后面有人说了些什么，并且传来几声轻笑。
tr	I	It wasn 't there , but I looked under the plush bench .
tr	O	两个女孩都高挑优雅，但是她们不纤细。
tr	I	I watched her take him in and my mom turned to face Jack 's dad .
tr	O	她感到不安，但是并非因为他的问题，而是因为她的身体对他的出现产生了即时反应。
tr	I	She told me to have my vasectomy reversed , and I confided in Cassidy about it .
tr	I	I was held to the altar by the ghost 's cold hand , but I screamed , my eyes opening .
tr	O	我这个人喜欢说话，但是罗伯则开门见山。
tr	O	你来领导，并且我将跟随。
tr	I	Me could actually be together and this is the way Derek .
tr	I	The routine was a balm to his soul but he 'd a feeling that baking a cake couldn 't fix this problem .
tr	I	Being a thief and she 's about to cross the line between being a liar .
tr	I	I wonder if I should be writing it all down , and I try to remember everything he 's telling me .
tr	O	也许那很粗俗，但是该死的，她确实如此。
tr	I	I was positive he wouldn 't but he was frightened he might hurt me .
tr	I	Cassandra started speaking , and a male voice was heard .
tr	O	那个吻并非特别感性，但是它充满了渴望。
tr	I	He yelled at someone up the line and I yelled at my law school pal .
tr	O	我后悔自己说的话，但是我不能告诉他真相，所以我便让他相信我的兴趣在别处。
tr	I	That which is born of the Spirit is spirit ; and that which is born of the flesh is flesh .
tr	I	On Monday morning she 'd dreaded going to work , and she hadn 't seen the man for the rest of the evening .
tr	I	I blushed all over again and he smirked down at me .
tr	O	你让我把你的东西挂在这里一个月，并且如果什么都没卖掉，就没人会知道这件事。
tr	O	他等不及直到这一天结束，并且他们可以再次独处。
tr	O	史密斯先生朝我点了点头，并且几个邻居低声地道谢。
tr	O	对一个本应是我无偏任务的对象，我已投入了太多情感，并且知道什么伤害了她只会让我泥足深陷。
tr	I	They all stop to listen , and their squad leader suddenly raises his fist .
tr	I	I knew he 'd be happy to tell me about them , and Mr. Worthington seemed to know more than anyone about the legends .
tr	I	I give him the address , hoping I pronounce it right , and the ridiculously good-looking Asian taxi driver asks .
tr	I	He remained silent , but beside her Jacques stirred as if to protest .
tr	I	Weapons were slaves to Soul Reapers , and no one would be able to accept me because I 'm a Weapon .
tr	O	我知道这很老套，但是我们并没有那么不同。
tr	O	他可能会为了一个好的事业而冒着无法连任的风险，但是他不能再承受屈辱的风险。
tr	O	爸爸当时瞄准了他的喉咙，但是卡森的反应救了他。
tr	I	Bees were collecting pollen from the wildflowers growing in the meadows , and grasshoppers jumped out of the way as she came barreling through .
tr	I	One must die , and now neither needs the other .
tr	O	军情五处发誓将来会改进工作，并且莫顿告诉太阳邮轮公司他很感激他们的警觉。
tr	O	她非常累，并且她的头很疼。
tr	O	福斯特小姐摇了摇头，显然很无聊，但是却努力假装对谈话感兴趣。
tr	I	He didn 't like it , and he 'd taken the slap .
tr	O	高大的沙发靠墙摆放，而且几位衣着考究的男士坐在上面，各自和一位女士交谈。
tr	O	我能变成其他形状，而且那是我一直绝对希望永远不会发生的事情。
tr	I	He couldn 't see auras like we could , but Tuck was looking now , too .
tr	O	这个序列纯属巧合，但是它的美丽却让他心生微笑。
tr	I	She needed to get her shit together , and she was already at the back door to Jenn 's .
tr	I	I 'm Nephilim now , but I appreciate the thought .
tr	I	Me a drink and Lowe disappeared to the bar to get Claudia .
tr	I	Now he saw it had a boundary to the north , too , and Gentrification had a boundary to the south , as he had seen .
tr	O	安德鲁努力专注于他的祷告，但是可怕的问题充斥着他的脑海。
tr	I	Everyone knew you should stay away from the Holes , but she 'd been in this neighborhood a few times with Mauricio .
tr	I	I lightly smacked her perfect ass and she got up .
tr	I	He would be linked to her forever , and that 's all he needed to take .
tr	I	There , standing on the far wall , was Argon , and Thor spun .
tr	I	Tula backed up and he walked closer .
tr	O	他们是朋友，而且茱莉亚对此没有过错。
tr	I	After that , Dom didn 't really say much , but things started out strong the night of the club .
tr	I	JC would yell at her to quit dripping and Angelina would say .
tr	I	It wasn 't the person , but oh , the brain held a lot of information .
tr	O	我需要的是一瓶威士忌，但是我只好喝了一杯水。
tr	I	Mr. White shut the door with a heavy thud and Ivan quickly came in .
tr	O	他脑海中迅速闪过自己童年时的家，它和加里森大楼一样奢华……但是暖和得多。
tr	I	Soon I was on top of him , and Dean stayed within me as he rolled .
tr	I	I remained still and her grip was tight .
tr	I	After a moment he returned to rinsing her hair , and she turned her face forward again , merely waiting .
tr	O	好吧，不是秘密，因为镇上任何人都知道巴伦家族的历史，但是她凭直觉清楚地知道情况是如何影响了他的。
tr	O	贾克斯的嘴唇抿紧了，并且他的脸变得僵硬。
tr	I	They 've given me no insight into the tainted , but I checked them out of the library days ago hoping to find some answers .
tr	O	莎拉的床垫被扔到了一边，并且那个娃娃站了起来。
tr	I	We 're home free and we just have to make the clearing .
tr	O	邦妮不知道他在说什么，但是她能猜到。
tr	I	His eyes took on , of all things , embarrassment , and Hart 's scowl died .
tr	O	他们朝我大致的方向走来，但是我已经在移动了。
tr	O	她把头发从铂金色染成了柔和的草莓金色，并且它卷曲着披散在她的肩上。
tr	O	他现在独自一人了，并且是时候长大了。
tr	O	自从警察出现以来，紧张气氛一直在累积，并且现在它就像房间中央一个实实在在的东西。
tr	O	卢克雷齐娅停下来喘了口气，并且埃齐奥猛地把她往前一拽。
tr	I	Even Jessica jumped , and there were several squeals , mostly from the girls .
tr	I	Friends were left in the dark , and many people could cover the secret with finesse while neighbors , family members .
tr	I	I stepped out of the way but the werewolf leapt at me .
tr	I	I wanted to get rid of it , and it sucked .
tr	O	两面墙是砖砌的，并且另一面则漆成了漂亮的梅子色。
tr	O	她等着比尔说些什么，但是他已经把注意力转向了报纸。
tr	I	He flinched and I pressed my lips to the corner of his .
tr	O	我能看出没人相信我，但是也没人真正在乎。
tr	O	皮特不知道，但是物价上涨开始加速了。
tr	O	我开始抗议，但是她挥手制止了我。
tr	O	我好几周没见过草莓了，但是不知怎么的，我妹妹身上有草莓的味道。
tr	O	他本该发怒的，并且他确实有点儿。
tr	O	我把布按在手腕有切口的地方，并且我一直等到血染在上面。
tr	I	We all waited anxiously for the news and Coach had still not announced the starters .
tr	I	I rolled my eyes and this didn 't happen .
tr	O	班转向他母亲，并且她举起了手。
tr	I	The kitchen crashed more than once while the tickets piled up , and Ramon , the bartender , was taking forever with the drinks .
tr	I	Murdoch had rented mostly to employees at a ridiculously low rate , but they generated extra income for the bar .
tr	I	The spirit flew like an eagle over the mountains of the angels and the excitement was high .
tr	O	当他低头看她时，她的眼睛仍然闭着，并且她的身体实际上随着他的手有节奏地摆动着。
tr	O	他们没有伤害她，并且她仍然是他温柔、甜美、美好的女人。
tr	I	Shay had arrived at Dante 's house and it had been a week since he .
tr	I	You can play hero to your heart 's content and once you 're better we can fight together .
tr	I	I swore I could feel him smile and I closed my eyes briefly .
tr	O	我的思绪在抗拒，但是画面的其余部分痛苦地聚焦起来。
tr	O	她把临时瞄准镜粘到我的枪管上，并且我选择了一个目标来测试它。
tr	I	The guy was dead , but I did know that .
tr	I	Without hesitation , I held her back and Rachel grabbed me in a huge hug .
tr	I	Yet he 'd barely broken a sweat , and she 'd seen how many times he 'd gone through all those moves himself .
tr	O	她的呼吸一窒，但是她强迫自己保持冷静。
tr	I	I want her to stop hanging around with her and she 's too heavily influenced by Zoey .
tr	O	拜伦评论道，并且他看到一丝受伤的情绪进入她的眼睛，然后她才微笑着掩饰过去。
tr	O	他的手拂过她，并且在她脑海中她看到他皱眉，从她身体上退缩。
tr	O	它叫《撞月》，并且它的配乐好得让人为之疯狂。
tr	I	I can drive out but I 'm in Albany .
tr	I	Not as I 'd hoped , but it was there in the trash .
tr	I	It flapped in the wind against the can 's mesh sides , and the black plastic bag in the trash can was empty .
tr	I	As a result , families were large , adding to the overpopulation , and every family was required to send two sons into the military for life .
tr	I	My eyes shook and I looked up .
tr	I	She saw a crack of light where the cabinet began to open , and the wood around her rattled as he placed his hand on the knob .
tr	I	It was so hard when I 'm always let down , but I wanted to trust him .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell you what actually happened there either , but I had a nightmare about Bruce Madison .
tr	I	He hadn 't known anything about her , but it was no secret he 'd been attracted to her from day one .
tr	O	我试图使用我的天赋，但是那人只是笑了。
tr	I	The image of the girl disappeared and Ellis picked up the shallow bowl .
tr	O	一个无声的问题在他们之间传递，并且他微微摇头作为回应。
tr	O	房间里不冷，但是当空气碰到我湿的内衣时，我感到一阵寒意。
tr	O	随着卡车翻滚而过，刮起一阵疾风，并且他就不见了。
tr	O	他们走向丹尼和我，看起来像超级模特。
tr	O	当我看着她的眼睛时，我没有注意到一只眼睛有点下垂，但是直到有人指出才不明显。
tr	O	我想在车里和他说话，但是他的情绪阻止了我这样做。
tr	I	Staring death in the face snapped something inside me , but spying for the good of others was one thing .
tr	I	She turned toward him , and Rafe grasped her wrist .
tr	O	他减轻了痛苦，并且我大口喘气。
tr	O	这派对有上百张照片，并且杰兹被他认识的其他人围着。
tr	O	我在第一场比赛后不知道俱乐部会所在哪里，并且没人给我指路。
tr	O	他在身体上是个令人陶醉的男人，但是远不止于此。
tr	I	He searched for his mother and he soared through the stars .
tr	O	我的巫师包倒也准备妥当了，并且装满了各种魔法硬币。
tr	I	I was stuck on next time , but she smiled .
tr	O	他皮肤的温暖不知为何让我平静下来，并且我终于感觉到我的心率开始放缓。
tr	I	The woman insisted I swallow , but I faintly remember pushing the bottle away .
tr	O	冒险号能达到二十节航速，并且他已经命令全速前进。
tr	O	骨头张开了嘴，但是凯特碰了碰他的手臂。
tr	O	这远非一个稳赢的赌注，但是这是一个合乎逻辑的起点。
tr	I	He hadn 't heard of any , but Caleb didn 't answer right away .
tr	I	I am fine and I hope to see Sam again .
tr	I	They were handed the drab gray uniforms of inmates , and the clothes they had been wearing were thrown into a flaming furnace .
tr	I	They 've never been tested against alien creatures before , but they 're supposed to protect us !
tr	O	我的语气很严厉，但是她需要听到它。
tr	O	会议结束后，我已经在脑海中仔细推敲了细节几十遍，但是这仍然觉得不够充分。
tr	I	She couldn 't feel the ground under her feet and Jonas pulled her higher against the wall .
tr	O	所有人都坐下了，并且我们效仿了他们。
tr	I	She could guess the repercussions , but Sylvie had tried her best not to inquire about how the school had weathered the MRSA news .
tr	O	她的眼睛里充满了怒火，并且亨利能看出她很心烦。
tr	O	你现在这么说，但是这不是真的。
tr	I	She straightened her shoulders and her chin went up .
tr	O	绳子缠住了他的腰部，并且他们把他拖到了几乎底部。
tr	O	他们似乎在看她电脑上的某个东西，但是他仍然可以拉开一点距离。
tr	I	There wasn 't really much they could tell us , but for the next hour we questioned the two of them while the paramedics tended to them .
tr	I	The increased speed caused more pain , but Buck tried to comply .
tr	O	哈特喉咙里发出了一点声音，并且当他看向她时，所有悲伤的痕迹都消失了。
tr	O	我不够小心，并且他悄悄接近了伊芙。
tr	I	He 's a big part of mine , and right now I 'm a big part of his world .
tr	O	我对书中提到的交通安排几乎没有做任何改动，并且大多数行程都可以按描述的方式进行。
tr	O	台面上有百吉饼，但是玛戈特没有放奶油奶酪，可能是为了削减成本。
tr	I	She was right about bringing Sis ' Shirley along and she was right to do what she did yesterday .
tr	I	It turns out that some nut offed herself this morning , and I ask .
tr	I	His friend owned a casino and sure it was a condominium .
tr	O	那里的人很实在，并且他们的遗产令人惊叹。
tr	I	She opened her mouth to scream , and a flash of red hair caught her eye .
tr	I	I refuse to hurl , but Vomit burns at the back of my throat .
tr	I	Lily cut him off , but Tom opened his mouth to speak .
tr	O	他不能在日落前安全逃走，但是如果他在这里被抓到，他会如何解释他的存在？
tr	O	他们不情愿地同意了，但是只有在我向他们保证我有其他计划之后。
tr	I	His mouth found hers with such need , such hunger , that Carol groaned , and he reached for her .
tr	I	A fire was made and it was almost dark .
tr	I	I 'd learned some hard lessons that way and sure , sometimes I let my head overrule my gut .
tr	O	萨姆发怒了，但是我笑了。
tr	O	据他判断，这条路足够宽可以供一辆车行驶，但是错车就会有问题。
tr	I	They hugged each other tightly and Kelly rushed to her .
tr	I	He glanced back at them , a crazy ass grin on his face , and Quinn got to the door first .
tr	I	Mac didn 't regret his choices , but of course it meant that Raymond was using his Imp .
tr	O	渐渐地我的思路变得清晰并且恐惧开始消退。
tr	I	Hands occupied and it would keep her mouth .
tr	O	她的头发向后梳着，并且我能看到一个纹身爬过她的锁骨，向她的喉咙蔓延。
tr	O	她以前从未碰过我，并且我吓得往后一缩。
tr	O	她的腿一软，并且他接住了她，轻易地把她扔到床上。
tr	I	For the most part , she ignored them , but occasionally , she heard whispers .
tr	I	You always had me but I belonged to another .
tr	I	She kept moving , but her muscles ached .
tr	O	迭戈给她做了一次彻底检查并且他的脸上说明了一切。
tr	O	他的头很痛并且他感觉非常虚弱。
tr	I	It was no use but I backed up from him .
tr	I	He saw at last the groom 's face and the newspaper clipping fell away .
tr	O	我以为我认识她的家人，但是我只见过一代。
tr	I	You were this tiny little thing on screen , and your Gran went with her to the scan .
tr	O	我们可能无法触及他的储备，但是这最终会产生同样的效果。
tr	O	我想停下来，但是我无法阻止喉咙里发出窒息的声音。
tr	I	It 's simple retaliation for our defiance , or maybe this devastation serves their master plan .
tr	O	大多数时候他的安全人员向他保证恐吓信是无害的，但是有一种特殊的信件反复出现。
tr	O	我睡得最深的时候大约是凌晨三点，并且在那个时间段的某个时候，我被一只手抓住我肩膀的力道惊醒了。
tr	O	我尽力抵抗，并且一度奏效了。
tr	I	The arch was gone , and I blinked .
tr	O	她眼周的皮肤没有皱纹，并且她的睫毛浓密，长得令人难以置信。
tr	I	I didn 't see them in the crowd , but I quickly glanced around the area .
tr	O	他听到了声音，并且他回应了。
tr	O	这个女人不是基督徒，并且她不支持我们的事业。
tr	O	埃里克猛地拉起绳子，并且那个人失去了意识。
tr	I	There 's a part of me that wants nothing more than to surrender , and it 's addicting , overwhelming .
tr	O	一切发生得很快，而且从没有时间去思考，也从没有办法确定任何事。
tr	I	Sylvia walked out and the shop door opened .
tr	I	His face showed pure terror as he clutched at his throat , and the small creature looked surprisingly human , despite his obvious differences .
tr	O	最后一个搬来这里的是三年级的弗朗西斯卡·罗伯茨，而且我们仍然叫她新来的女孩。
tr	O	我们必须离开那里并祈祷恶魔没有跟着我们。
tr	O	外面有九十度，而且走了五趟之后，我变得筋疲力尽。
tr	O	当天色已晚时，所有人都离开了，并且内特送我回家。
tr	I	He 'd been determined to keep it , but his father had never liked that artwork .
tr	O	丹尼没有问我关于我的崩溃，而且我也没有主动提供任何信息。
tr	O	书面记载报告北极光一直到弗吉尼亚州都可见，但是那时唯一的电器设备是电报。
tr	I	It makes excitement spark in me , and I can see in her eyes what she wants .
tr	O	她的头发慵懒地飘散在肩头，并且她的手向前漂浮着，仿佛她在水下一样。
tr	I	Athena would not be reasoned with -- not even by the King of the Gods , but her love had argued with Zeus .
tr	O	我们俩都还活着，并且班比回到了她所属的地方，在罗斯的皮肤上。
tr	O	我的技能可悲地不足，但是爱你一定有所改变。
tr	I	This time he waited until I was buckled in before starting the car , and James opened the car door for me again .
tr	O	我觉得他需要我，并且在看到我母亲的痛苦后，我也需要他。
tr	O	是的，信任仍然存在，然而没有什么能阻止奥伦实现他的目标。
tr	I	Sofia continued and he gave her some time .
tr	I	The picture showed that the town was much the same as it was now , and it was old , nearly eighty years .
tr	O	他的沉默几乎让我崩溃，并且我把手指张开放在冰冷的桌面上，努力控制住自己的情绪。
tr	O	她的手从她的胃部落下，并且眼泪从她的脸上消失。
tr	O	这片地产上藏着一个泉水，并且找到它取决于他。
tr	O	杰克点了当地最好的葡萄酒，并且他们为未来干杯。
tr	I	Kat stood silently , taking it all in , and a group of tourists passed by , snapping pictures .
tr	I	Then he lowered his chin , and his eyes darkened .
tr	O	马丁内斯的衣服套在我的衣服外面很合适，并且沃格尔的衣服套在马丁内斯的衣服外面。
tr	O	她在他的公寓里住了几天，然而他却不得不承认，没有她，这个地方感到空荡荡的。
tr	O	我不知道这个故事，但是它看起来很有前景。
tr	I	He didn 't , but she thought he might tease her about getting a little more than he 'd bargained for .
tr	I	The tree pressing on him lifted a bit , but pushing up , Cael bit back a cry , a spike of pain radiating from his side .
tr	O	威廉再次以为他看到了动静，这次是在飞船巨大机翼的末端，但是再次当他仔细看时，他什么也没看到。
tr	I	Jake recalled her earlier description of Ur intelligence , but Marika certainly appreciated his help .
tr	O	她的眼睛肿得睁不开，并且看起来她的嘴唇也裂了。
tr	O	也许是因为清新的空气，或者也许不过是事事顺心时所带来的满足感。
tr	I	He was , but he didn 't need to be that thorough .
tr	O	味道在她的口中爆发，并且她满意地呻吟起来。
tr	I	She couldn 't bear to prolong the obvious agony , but the Lu would no doubt kill all of them without an ounce of remorse .
tr	O	她看着我，仿佛那是一个问题，但是如果真是那样，那也只有她能回答。
tr	I	The girl didn 't release it , but Boots tried to take the ball .
tr	I	Ted remained silent , at the other side of the continent and there was a pause , while Robert gazed at her eagerly .
tr	I	He might have been the dyer , but I weren 't sure .
tr	O	我信任你的话，而且你背叛了我。
tr	I	I was ready to see him locked away and Braydon had consumed my thoughts for the last year .
tr	I	There hadn 't been any help for that delay , but he 'd been gone longer than he 'd planned .
tr	O	他就站在那里，双臂张开，双脚稳稳地站着。
tr	O	我对这个主意不太热衷，但是我陪她走完了整个路程。
tr	I	The world started to go black , and Ash 's grip tightened once more .
tr	I	He smiled and I sighed .
tr	I	I could see Sun waving her green leafy hands at me , and the garden spirits were back .
tr	I	Her words darted and she seethed with anger .
tr	O	它没有完全烧焦，然而你有一个现在已经消失的烫伤。
tr	I	She knew that she mustn 't , but Elena wanted to cling to him like a koala .
tr	I	It landed squarely on the nose of his opponent and he backed the punch with his entire body weight .
tr	O	治疗师会在几天内永久移除它们，而且在那之前，她必须小心自己的行动。
tr	I	Drew couldn 't quite reach them but the words dangled before him .
tr	O	诺亚点了点头，而且我摇了摇头。
tr	I	At that moment I didn 't care if anyone watched , and I was lost in his spell .
tr	I	I 'm ready to slow down , but I like it .
tr	I	At this point any other man was a threat to me , but Peyton said they were just friends .
tr	O	我能闻到什么，但是那不是灵感。
tr	I	Hearing the words come out of this creepy animal caused a slight gasp to spill out , but I had guessed this .
tr	O	一旦我给它喂入氢气，我启动了燃料工厂，并且它就开始制造我所需的额外燃料了。
tr	O	他悲痛欲绝，但是反正，现在轮到你了。
tr	O	她保护丽莎不受外界侵害，并且丽莎知道她离不开她。
tr	I	Instead of dropping a lifeboat to row to shore , Anna made Hiro swim while following close behind him and the barge pulled into the harbor .
tr	I	This morning I cannot find it , and I came to this lake for peace .
tr	O	我当时感觉不太好，笑不出来，但是我的确想到了它。
tr	O	她的脸上露出了灿烂的笑容，并且她看起来容光焕发。
tr	I	I had his complete attention , but he hadn 't moved .
tr	O	我决定不拔钥匙并且不锁门。
tr	O	我太虚弱了，而且它真是太疼了。
tr	I	There 's no one here ... but in another blink , we 're back on the side of the road .
tr	I	That was just some toast and I haven 't eaten since this morning .
tr	I	I was desperately trying to control my shaking and I had no idea what they were talking about .
tr	O	我的眼睛开始刺痛，并且我试图眨眼忍住泪水。
tr	I	Harriet stood by the fire , stretching her hands out to the flames , and the back parlor was cosy indeed .
tr	O	我呻吟着，并且我的手更紧地抓住床柱。
tr	O	你不必告诉我你的名字，但是我想知道你是否能告诉我你是什么。
tr	I	I couldn 't remember where I 'd seen him , but his face was familiar to me .
tr	I	She smiled and I handed it to her .
tr	O	他们嘲笑他是上帝的儿子，但是他所声称的只是与人类的亲属关系。
tr	I	If I saw him , I never knew it , but I watched every stranger that came through the door .
tr	I	When she was finished , Emma leaned back in her seat , and Julie recounted their date .
tr	O	那不是很久以前的事，但是现在感觉就像是很久以前的事了。
tr	I	They had been preparing for it and the corporations knew what would happen when their project was noticed .
tr	O	凯的名字在封面上，所以很明显是他写的，但是她不认为那是小说。
tr	I	Today I was making an exception , but I usually avoided parks after dark .
tr	O	摄政王挥了挥手，并且第二个沙漏被翻转了。
tr	O	我听到上方传来男性的声音，但是我无法完全听清他们在说什么。
tr	I	It lit up his whole face , and his smile was gorgeous , too .
tr	I	Lucas remained distant , focused inward , but I wanted to embrace him again .
tr	I	It quickly passed , but he had his usual moment of resentment .
tr	O	我抓住她的手，并且玛丽拉着我，所以当白光开始闪烁时我们并排站着。
tr	I	Neither of us was ever in a hurry , but eventually one of us would break the silence .
tr	O	我确信将原油注入我的静脉会对我的身体更容易，但是我不乎。
tr	O	吕西安靠近了她，并且我看到他的手指握紧了。
tr	I	Then moved on and held him for a long moment .
tr	O	我不停地想说话，但是只发出含混不清的词语。
tr	I	He couldn 't see anything , but he looked into the darkness .
tr	I	This time she thought she understood why , but the same as it had after he succeeded at the Trial .
tr	I	She really wouldn 't have been all that sorry if he had and she half expected Sean to blow off her observation as a stretch .
tr	O	他当时正和贾森·丹弗斯一起用餐，并且苏西也和克莱尔·沃特斯在那里用餐，而克莱尔·沃特斯现在实际上是克莱尔·丹弗斯了。
tr	I	The other part of me couldn 't stop thinking about how sexy he was and part of me was scared to death .
tr	O	女服务员端着他们的咖啡走过来，并且妮基打断了她的话。
tr	O	她当然没有说出这些，但是我能从她的眼睛里看出来。
tr	I	These pissing contests in front of the other men had to stop , but nothing wrong with the second-in-command challenging an order in private .
tr	I	Not to bother you at school , but I told him you could discuss it later .
tr	I	Otto interrupted her , but Bri began to speak .
tr	O	他现在看着她，并且他的眼睛里有什么东西变了，变得更深沉了。
tr	O	肌肉痉挛突然再次袭来，并且我呻吟着，紧抓着我的下背部。
tr	O	我会在那里见到你，并且你知道我长什么样。
tr	I	This guy 's suicide still saddened me , but it had been several years by now .
tr	I	I open the door for Cammie and one pulls up to the curb .
tr	O	喷溅枪基本上就是去掉了染料并加入了咒语的彩弹枪。
tr	O	他们认为他们来自奶奶的村庄，但是不确定。
tr	I	Physically lifts me off my feet , carrying me back down the steps and he doesn 't make a noise as he wraps his arms around me .
tr	O	达米安答应我晚些时候去购物一整天，并且我对此没意见。
tr	O	他很强硬，并且他很无情。
tr	O	我不知道是什么让她生那么大的气，但是她对某事很恼火。
tr	O	我父亲的外套也是天鹅绒的，但是面料已经磨得很薄了。
tr	O	他们的背因关节炎而弯曲，并且他们的头发因年老而变白。
tr	I	That made her nervous , and Lea felt like she was under them for the first time .
tr	O	罗德把小牛放开了，并且它跑向它的妈妈。
tr	O	我试图对她大喊，告诉她我没事，但是我就是说不出那些该死的话。
tr	O	药力带来的迟钝感从他身上消失了，并且他发现自己出奇地兴奋。
tr	O	我可能对很多很多事情一无所知，但是即使是我也知道我不能强迫别人喜欢我。
tr	O	夏洛特给了她食谱，并且它已经成为一道全家都喜欢的菜。
tr	O	它被锁住了，并且似乎没有办法打开它。
tr	O	艾米的脸色失去了血色，并且她比以往任何时候都苍白。
tr	I	He would never intentionally hurt people , but he sometimes does things that are irresponsible .
tr	O	彼得知道他可以利用她的钦佩，但是当这背后有金钱因素时，他从未感到舒服。
tr	O	停车场里散落着奔驰车，并且外面停着黑色的SUV。
tr	O	她从未失去对他的忠诚，而且我正在强迫她分裂她的忠诚。
tr	O	我知道你的是什么，并且我知道我的是什么。
tr	I	A colourful bruise was already starting to develop and the blow looked bad .
tr	O	JT笨拙地站了起来，但是艾米没有动。
tr	I	It seemed closer to fifty , but the flight was five hours .
tr	I	I just love Nicole Kidman , and it was so atmospheric .
tr	I	He put an arm across my waist , and he was on his side facing me .
tr	O	鸟儿，她看着冒泡的水，并且她飞快地滑进了锅里。
tr	I	Flowing ; like tiny , wind-blown waves stirring the surface of still water and her features were subtle .
tr	I	She knew what she had to do , but Emma was too upset to think clearly .
tr	I	She didn 't really want to talk to him anyway , and when he did come , he generally avoided her .
tr	I	Ned swung nimbly from the roof through the open window , and Jason undid the latch .
tr	O	我失败了，并且现在我需要付出代价。
tr	I	She wasn 't nearly as bad as he made her sound , but Cindy was Joe 's ex-wife .
tr	O	坍塌天花板的瓦砾堆几乎达到了表面，但是另一边有空间，一直延伸到黑暗中。
tr	O	他挠了挠下巴上的胡茬，并且我发誓他正在掩饰一个笑容。
tr	O	我很惊讶她对我的冷漠没有反应，但是她的脸上似乎在与消极情绪作斗争。
tr	O	于是他们找到了最后一位同伴，并且他们的任务也得以恢复。
tr	O	奥利维亚抓住了栏杆，但是已经太迟了。
tr	I	There is no equality and all is righteousness .
tr	I	I perhaps detected a sense of relief and he was starting to look more relaxed .
tr	I	That was it , but Alonso hoped to say more .
tr	O	这会是一个棘手的话题，但是戈尔登还是会提出这个话题。
tr	O	药柜开始晃动，并且牙刷架快要从水槽上掉下来了。
tr	O	我已经在僵尸爆发中生活了三个月了，而且这是我唯一一次有这种感觉。
tr	O	这更像是一个梦想成真，但是那也只是一个梦而已。
tr	I	The corners of his lips lifted and his head snapped back to mine .
tr	O	她已经伤心够了，因为当局正在窃听谈话，并且隐蔽摄像头在她缠住他的时候正在四处搜寻。
tr	O	它甚至闻起来像糖饼干，并且唯一缺少的就是音乐。
tr	I	I almost felt sorry for her , and a tear rolled down her cheek .
tr	O	它咔哒一声打开了，并且锁住门的链条也随之脱落了。
tr	I	I was numb , but my voice lacked the emotion I knew should be there .
tr	I	A voice -- a beautiful voice -- followed , and an unseen hand was pounding on the trapdoor .
tr	O	他们似乎都有着健康的家庭，并且离开家人对每个人来说都非常艰难，不仅仅是对女孩们。
tr	I	His shoulders dropped in resignation , and Elijah led the way silently .
tr	O	太阳现在已经完全落下，并且一轮银月悬挂在它原来的位置，稍微隐藏在一层薄薄的云幕之后。
tr	O	她的手臂很好，并且她的皮肤完好无损，就好像她从未输过液一样。
tr	O	我急于想知道，但是警官却不着急。
tr	O	我快速检查了一下，并且他们是对的。
tr	O	旅店老板结结巴巴地说着，并且他的眼睛瞪得滚圆。
tr	O	鉴于情况的严重性，这可能微不足道，但是这是他们重新建立联系的方式。
tr	I	She was determined to take a leaf from his book , but his easy dismissal of their earlier argument brought a flush of heat to her cheeks .
tr	O	然而，正如他所预料的，这里拥挤不堪，让他几乎无法呼吸，并且空调也快要坏了。
tr	O	他配不上她，而且他非常清楚这一点。
tr	O	寂静在停车场和她耳边回荡，监听设备已停用。
tr	I	I 'll rouse the house , and Let 's find some soup .
tr	O	我们的血液不同，并且我们拥有许多天赋。
tr	I	It looked to Jain like he was going to cry , but the lantern light cast weird shadows that distorted his features .
tr	O	那是一种非常漂亮的色调，而且是我以前从未见过的。
tr	I	His brows pulled together , and Jacob 's jaw flexed .
tr	I	He looked a mess and he had his weapon on his shoulder .
tr	O	她试图把费伊拽向窗边，但是费伊却把她推开了，满腔怒火。
tr	I	Her eyes sparkled and her earrings danced .
tr	O	一只手疼痛地紧紧抓住他的脚踝，并且他向上攀升的动作停了下来。
tr	O	我们已经同居一年多了，并且我并不天真。
tr	I	I was twelve , and she was eighteen .
tr	I	They could not afford to abandon even a single lamp , but Bax drew Mani as he went , wishing he could draw Sol as well .
tr	O	一个隐秘的微笑掠过她的脸庞，并且她突然停了下来。
tr	I	It was locked and I tried the door .
tr	I	She was all alone , and now Lucas was gone .
tr	I	When she was committed , she could move mountains , and she was committed to achieving this goal .
tr	O	他将自己的手指与她的交织在一起，并且奈德压下了涌上心头的妒意。
tr	O	他的脸上布满了伤疤，而且他的嘴巴似乎总是紧绷着，形成永久的愁容。
tr	I	We 'd both know that was a lie , but I want to tell him he 's wrong .
tr	I	She was methodical and she didn 't panic .
tr	O	我走近他，并且他看到我时抬起头。
tr	O	玛西的手飞快地捂住头，并且她叫了起来。
tr	I	It hurt , and it had split her heart in two throbbing pieces .
tr	I	She could feel her expression freeze , and it wasn 't what she 'd expected to hear .
tr	O	她紧握着他的手，并且感觉很好，很舒服。
tr	O	伊芙琳通过治疗帮助我度过了难关，但是她无法拯救我们所有人。
tr	I	Eric 's thoughts about the upcoming fight dissolved , and Iona came out of Cassidy 's bedroom .
tr	O	有几种药物可用，但是大多数从业者认为它们是最后的手段。
tr	O	如果我们幸运的话，那里可能有海豚，并且我们可以和它们一起游泳。
tr	I	Now he had his definitive answer , and he 'd been willing to see if love could actually be good .
tr	I	She looks more in place than me and Women adapt faster to a new environment than men .
tr	I	If you want the stuff I 've got then you 're gon na have to have a little faith , and I 'm me .
tr	O	有一阵嗡嗡声，而且劳斯莱斯的一扇后窗滑了下来。
tr	O	他知道两点之间最短的距离不是一条直线，但是直跑。
tr	I	I must say I am a full-fledged farmer now and I have quit my career as a media man .
tr	O	尖叫声划破了房子，回荡着，并且她的身体立刻紧绷起来。
tr	I	I watched her slip out into the night , and she waited for me to open the balcony door .
tr	I	Even though you knew he would let you in , you couldn 't , and you contemplated moving to where he did .
tr	I	He broke it with a question but we were silent for a while .
tr	O	他很擅长隐藏自己，但是她知道该寻找什么。
tr	O	莱利转过头看我，而且我擦掉了脸颊上的一滴泪水。
tr	I	There was no need to argue over something which would probably never happen , and these were all quite remote scenarios they were discussing .
tr	O	她今天早上在弗朗西斯卡的店里见过他，而且他现在正在和她通电话。
tr	O	这可能是一个锅炉房，但是它也可能是一种危险品储藏室。
tr	O	她知道科尔周日不管做什么事都会回来，并且他们需要谈谈。
tr	O	把孩子们带给他们，并且剩下的钱就是你的。
tr	I	He sucked in his breath and Jace 's gaze followed hers .
tr	O	我知道他很疏远，但是他和我一样相信这次修复。
tr	O	我需要你的帮助，并且我需要你告诉我你所知道的。
tr	I	I had no idea while we were there , but I know now what they did in Switzerland .
tr	O	她抬起头，并且她盯着他看。
tr	I	She marched out of the fog , and then the lights came up again .
tr	I	It was also exhausting , but it was better not to think .
tr	I	I blinked and he asked .
tr	O	我仍然不明白如此简单的接触为何能让我如此满足，但是它确实如此。
tr	O	那条路现在已经消失了，并且无论我多么渴望再次成为姐妹，情况都不会允许。
tr	I	Grass began to grow between the stone stairs , and below on the house door the lock rusted , tarnish covered the brass knocker .
tr	O	好的，这不是她计划开始对话的确切方式，但是它奏效了。
tr	I	Our brains are different as wolves , but it 's just a way of talking .
tr	I	To Edwin it felt as though he was being watched , but it might have been an effect of the electric storm outside .
tr	O	她的前任对她做了更糟糕的事，而且她一直很坚强。
tr	O	波只是对卢修斯笑了笑，但是我以为这似乎有点勉强。
tr	I	Brent was now on the verge of getting a criminal record and that incident at Christmas had only been the tip of the iceberg .
tr	I	She managed to overcome it , but she had a strong urge to shake hands .
tr	I	He eyed me suspiciously and his head tilted .
tr	O	我告诉他我们只是在聊天，而且我们正在分享某种顿悟。
tr	O	我困惑地环顾了一下半满的房间，但是其他顾客中没有他的身影。
tr	I	They were not the hands she wanted , but strong hands pushed her back against the mattress .
tr	O	这压倒了他的感官，并且他发现自己哭了。
tr	O	妆容覆盖了她的脸以试图掩盖她的年龄，并且她戴着垂到肩膀的长耳环。
tr	I	Dinner was almost ready and within the hour the table was set .
tr	I	I knew then that I wasn 't going to be able to meet with The Underground 's leader and he snapped his fingers .
tr	I	She nudged the door open with the toe of her boot , and when she tried the knob , it turned .
tr	O	汉密尔顿拜访麦凯，并且他为他们倒了两杯酒。
tr	O	他想把它们拂开，想吻走她的痛苦，但是他害怕再次靠她太近。
tr	I	He plunged her into his mouth and there was a squeak of protest .
tr	I	I poured us another glass of wine and after we finished eating , we put the cartons back in the basket .
tr	I	They were trying anyway , but it wasn 't working .
tr	I	I wonder what they are really referring to and ' No , he 's not , ' Blake retorts harshly .
tr	O	他们身后的门开了，而且那个老人把头伸了出来。
tr	I	They are our servants and we are the masters .
tr	I	She admitted it was , but it caught her off-guard .
tr	I	I see her smile and he nods toward Francesca .
tr	O	地上的刀在杰夫的视线内，而且他会看到他去拿它。
tr	O	他用目光钉住了她，而且她能看出他想让她告诉他一切。
tr	I	I doubt we 'll see much of historical interest , but the map shows us coming up on tribal land .
tr	I	If they were both dusted then they both had to pay attention , and he knew Ben was right .
tr	I	The expression on his face was twisted in fright and his eyes were closed .
tr	I	Her heart plummeted to her feet , and she gasped .
tr	I	Caleb shifted to get a better look , and she pointed to the kitchen window , the one that faced the cottage instead of the front lawn .
tr	O	我从没想过要动用那个特殊的人情，但是我别无选择。
tr	I	At that moment , something inside her snapped , but normally she thought those types of men were sleazy .
tr	O	一排破旧的商店沿着海滨排列着，但是玛雅之路似乎没有多少其他东西。
tr	I	I knew he would be perfect for the role and he had caught the essence of the character instantly .
tr	O	他是一位很棒的父亲，但是他可能脾气很坏。
tr	I	A big bump was coming , but the minor bumps were ignored .
tr	I	After a few seconds of grueling thought , he gave up the effort , but he vaguely wondered what she was doing with her other hand .
tr	I	Isaac opens the door , letting the light from the kitchen flood into the stairwell and I shout from the top of the stairs .
tr	I	They would be on their way and he just had to make it through this fight .
tr	O	我的眉毛扬了起来，而且我沿着身体看下去。
tr	O	你能看到银河，并且上方每一个亮点都在闪烁。
tr	I	Her eyes scanned the crowd , but she took a drink from her soda .
tr	O	他伸手去拿，但是在他得手之前我就抽开了。
tr	I	I wondered if he could feel it too , and he sat there for close to an hour .
tr	I	A part of me hopes that you are , but the chances are slim to none .
tr	O	战士的处境没有改善，并且援兵仍然没有到来。
tr	O	我没想到能再次看到这个世界，但是当我醒来时已身在对岸，费德正捶打着我的胸口。
tr	I	I keep mine fixed on his but his eyes narrow to confusion .
tr	O	芭比正在整理书籍，与此同时，塞西尔和我在狗舍里喂两只狗。
tr	O	是的，我超速了，但是我们很赶时间。
tr	I	He left her behind , but he had the quick impression of her faltering , starting to reach out a hand to stop him .
tr	I	Then it was time for him to leave , and we stayed like that after Carissa drifted away .
tr	O	他示意那辆等候的SUV，并且他们都朝那个方向走去。
tr	O	这当然是他的想象，但是在他看来，唐纳德看起来和阿尔瓦一样不自在。
tr	I	I stifled a scream and Heat exploded through my arm .
tr	O	博伸出了他的手，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	I	She got a couple in , drawing more of its blood , but the lead bug broke off the chase to avoid her shots .
tr	O	她向他伸出手，并且他吓得跳了回去，仿佛她手中挥舞的是一根冒烟的烙铁，而不是要友好地拍拍他的肩膀。
tr	I	A few people huddled around it and I could see an open door .
tr	O	我猛地推开门闩，并且用力拉动把手，把门打开。
tr	O	梅根和他说话了，但是他没有回应。
tr	O	距离他们灾难性的关系结束已经两年了，而且他仍然没有放手。
tr	I	The screen flickered on , and he wiggled the mouse .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to ask , but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	I	This was the safest way to do it and his anger was the first emotion to be dealt with .
tr	O	一瞬间过去了，然后戴蒙站了起来。
tr	O	我向他挑了挑眉，但是该死的，他说得对。
tr	O	我对他很生气，而且我甚至不知道为什么。
tr	I	Each second had to be lived to the fullest and acted like the whole world could end any minute .
tr	O	麦克布莱德医生和我似乎会相处得很好。
tr	I	She let them stain the sheets and fresh tears gathered in her eyes .
tr	I	Hart carried her up to bed , and she almost dropped in her tracks from exhaustion .
tr	I	He held my arm , but I reach for the door handle .
tr	I	She pulled our h * ps together and her legs wrapped more firmly around mine .
tr	O	你现在开始陷得太深，并且你再也无法抽身了。
tr	I	The danger is imminent , but it is not just a possibility .
tr	I	You were gone and I woke up .
tr	O	她了解到的恶魔知识比她原以为想知道的还要多，但是她太害怕了，以至于大脑无法思考。
tr	O	他们曾耳语着彼此有多么在乎对方，并且之后，诺埃尔告诉她那有多么特别。
tr	O	飞机的引擎启动了，并且我们走向了飞机。
tr	I	You 'll find some satisfaction in that , and I 'll be dead .
tr	O	达斯蒂盯着她看，并且她冷静地回敬了他的目光。
tr	I	Now I am possessed of an unusual uncertainty , but I wanted to get off the ground .
tr	O	一滴泪水终于落到了他的脸颊，并且我感到自己的眼睛也湿润了。
tr	I	Bill was behind door number two , and there were three doors on the dark , narrow corridor .
tr	O	他以为自己已经接受了孤独，也与自己和解了，但是这个事实却折磨着他。
tr	I	He opted instead to stay put , but Jason considered retreating to the hallway .
tr	I	Julia had started and weird , considering the way he .
tr	O	我回敬了这个手势，并且我们像傻瓜一样笑了。
tr	I	It throws me back there again , and all I remember is the pain .
tr	I	Right now , at this second , she was free , but at any moment it would pounce on her .
tr	I	It was plain as day , but Bennett attempted to adjust himself .
tr	I	I 'm no traitor , but you may not like me , Sullivan .
tr	O	它在1922年后就被废弃了，并且从那时起没有人认领过它。
tr	O	肯尼忙着吃东西没能提供太多细节，并且莉亚仍在气头上。
tr	I	It had only been tabled for the moment , but he 'd helped with my misery , too .
tr	O	格雷格的下唇颤抖着，并且那三个人后退了。
tr	I	She 'd made Jude instead , but she had been trying to create Noah .
tr	I	I let out a big breath and Sam 's eyes became perfectly round .
tr	O	他怒视着我，但是我的眼神让他不情愿地笑了。
tr	I	She found she could breathe again and his rich Cumbrian accent washed over her .
tr	O	我的伤口开始疼了，并且我的胃感觉紧绷绷的。
tr	O	教室门在寂静的瞬间咔哒一声打开了，并且很自然地，所有人的注意力都转向了那个打断。
tr	I	Steel beams holding up the roof and Des moves around me looking smug as he walks further into a large warehouse that has black walls .
tr	O	我的眼睛忽地睁开，并且我发现自己正凝视着一个带有简单灯具的白色天花板。
tr	O	不到五分钟后他的眼睛闭上了，并且他的脸色垮了下来。
tr	I	I 'm not going to rebuke it , but it sounded like a threat to me .
tr	O	他把注意力集中在我身后的某个东西上，并且我皱了皱眉。
tr	I	It wakes me up a little and the water is cold as a slap .
tr	I	I slowly crossed the stones to the other side of the river and I asked as Devin .
tr	O	失去父母是极其痛苦的，但是不知何故，那种痛苦与失去孩子截然不同。
tr	I	You 're a unique exception or it looks like you would block it .
tr	O	我心想那可以稍后再说，等我奇迹般地被允许将她作为宠物饲养，并且他也能离开农场之后。
tr	I	The feeling passed , leaving a strange hollowness in its wake , and he breathed deeply for a moment .
tr	O	我的目光转向树木，并且我笑了。
tr	I	He was frozen by her words , but she motioned for him to sit .
tr	I	He took her hand , and ' Well I am , ' he said .
tr	I	Please be home to assist her during the first crucial hours , so she may be dizzy from the change .
tr	I	They had all gotten together to do the same , and there were several other children on the block .
tr	O	她的视线慢慢变得清晰，并且她的晕动症也缓解了。
tr	I	He started to feel sick from how nervous he was and his stomach tightened .
tr	O	她是个凶猛的女孩，甚至是凶悍的，但是在那一刻，她看起来完全平静。
tr	O	他首先盯着珀西·哈里森，并且那男人似乎躲避他的目光。
tr	I	He didn 't come out with it , but she sensed he had something else to say .
tr	O	这一击的力道把它打得四仰八叉，但是球上的尖刺撕掉了它一部分头颅。
tr	O	我比任何人都爱我的父亲，但是我仍然对他非常生气，因为他让她的死决定了我们余生的一切。
tr	I	It appeared I had gotten there undetected , but so far I had managed to get the front of my uniform sodden .
tr	O	人类有他们的神，而我们有第三位智者。
tr	O	他被震得疲惫不堪，但是我们已经很近了。
tr	I	His men addressed him as such , and even though he was the commander of the army , he was also a prince .
tr	I	He turned away as if surprised by his own words , and the realization of what he 'd said obviously hit him .
tr	O	头发的轻微摩擦让她手指发痒，并且她试探性地移动了一只手，享受着他胸口坚硬的肌肉线条。
tr	I	It sure as hell better not be this party , and she said she had a surprise for me .
tr	I	I 'm not in the least bit of a hurry to get there , and Paradise has waited for me since my infancy .
tr	O	范意识到他的眩晕感可能源于药水，并且他抵抗住了再多喝一点的冲动。
tr	O	现实情况很快就会冲击到她，但是就目前而言，不去想它要容易得多。
tr	O	天色暗了下来，并且塔米已经熟睡了。
tr	O	我可以去找本要钥匙，或者我可以等米娜回来。
tr	I	He managed to flunk relativity at college and they even took my cousin .
tr	I	That 'll be another boring night for me , and he 's going back to Los Angeles tomorrow .
tr	O	领队单膝跪地，并且队伍里的其他人也照做了。
tr	O	魔法被削弱了，并且那都是我的过错。
tr	I	His handsome face looked weary and his clothes were wrinkled .
tr	O	裘德退缩了，但是我不会让他走。
tr	O	他们的院子没那么大，但是他看起来根本还没做完。
tr	O	乱马看着他的妹妹，并且她也看着他。
tr	I	I know you deep down inside , but maybe your motives were a bit off .
tr	O	这个小镇有些不对劲，并且这不仅仅是因为我的人民失踪了。
tr	I	A new fear had taken root , but Lexi did her best to be mentally present for the dance with Emilio .
tr	I	The smaller man dangled above the floor , and he lifted Heath up into the air .
tr	I	Max 's goon would appear , and that would mean a record .
tr	I	I could hear his heart beating as I lay my head against his chest and he kissed the top of my head .
tr	I	Unlike with other faeries , it didn 't kill me , but it made my head buzz a little with the contact .
tr	I	She liked it , and Samantha Blake 's private room was uncharacteristically crowded .
tr	I	Brushing her hair out of her eyes and raising her head .
tr	O	她甚至打碎了玻璃窗，并且她感觉不到任何疼痛。
tr	O	他们很害怕，并且我正在秘密进行此事。
tr	O	她不想承认，但是她爱上了凯德。
tr	I	That wasn 't going to happen , and he would also have to leave Reece behind .
tr	O	我对她笑了笑，并且她翻了个白眼。
tr	O	我和任何人一样坚强，并且我能照顾好自己。
tr	O	他把我拽向他，并且他的气息在我耳边低语。
tr	O	是波尔姨妈，并且她的声音听起来很急切。
tr	I	Jake moved to hold it for me , and I opened the cab door .
tr	I	The doors close and we shuffle off .
tr	I	I 'm not in the best mood , either , but I really don 't want to be a jerk to some old man .
tr	O	亨利通常每周有几个晚上在我们家吃饭，并且有时候他会过夜。
tr	O	克洛伊，她决心要让你疏远我，但是她现在已经从我们的生活中消失了。
tr	I	It melted away , a grim smile splitting the lined face , but a flash of irritation came across the High Inquisitor 's face .
tr	I	Flame is very nice as well , and I 'm getting to know Lily .
tr	I	The peace I need is not there , but you are everything I have ever wanted .
tr	O	我的腿火辣辣地疼，但是我已超脱了。
tr	I	I told myself it was a good thing , but the thought left me feeling curiously depressed .
tr	O	是的，他知道沃尔特杀了他的妻子，但是听到他如此冷酷地承认这件事让他震惊了。
tr	O	事情就是不顺利，但是他们害怕在没有得到主的直接批准的情况下增加他们的分配额。
tr	O	我睁开了眼睛，并且她正试图止住我胸部伤口的血。
tr	O	刺眼的光线退去了，并且他又抬起头来。
tr	I	I try to sit up and my eyes suddenly shoot open .
tr	I	The king paused again and there was subdued laughter at this .
tr	O	有人喊了一声，并且她意识到那是那个助手，正吼叫着让她解开蒙布。
tr	I	I won 't , but he thinks I 'm going to leave because the rest of them always do .
tr	I	My time is coming , and I have been here a very long time .
tr	I	There was no evidence of any further tread marks , but Renton glanced in the direction of approach the vehicle should have taken .
tr	I	She was offended if you didn 't ask , but she violently resented being asked to do it .
tr	O	我们的宝宝成长得很好，并且他将在三个月内离开人造子宫。
tr	I	She suspected he 'd be a big disappointment , and she 'd spend the whole time comparing him to Jake .
tr	I	That somehow worked with his leathery skin , but his left eye didn 't open all the way .
tr	I	It put a weight in my stomach , but his eyes darkened with something I couldn 't name .
tr	O	杰克一直都比较高，但是现在他似乎比威尔高出至少半英尺。
tr	I	None of the royal guards could find us in this vast garden , and Chamberlain , though an apt swordsman , does not have his sword .
tr	I	His legs are planted wide across the cobblestones as if he means to be exactly where he is , and he is staring too intently .
tr	I	He kept his argument to himself , but Aric 's jaw went tight in response .
tr	I	Then Madame Dabney floated by , but he 'd obviously forgotten that I was also capable of throwing him down those stairs .
tr	O	迭戈稍微拉开身子，去看她，但是他的手臂仍环着她柔软的腰肢。
tr	O	我的眼眶湿润了，并且我向自己发誓，无论多痛，我都会想起她。
tr	O	罗斯，我可能对每个人都很友好，但是我不会在这件事上退缩的。
tr	I	It only fueled my anger and the liquid scorched my insides .
tr	O	平时，方庭的空旷不会让我感到困扰，但是今晚，它却让我感到困扰。
tr	O	那些东西只要各自猛地一扯，她就会被拽进那些异形垃圾里。
tr	I	Of course it 's locked , but Ben tries the handle anyway .
tr	I	They had liked him , and he had liked his teachers .
tr	I	My first instinct is to lash out , and it 's a fearsome , demonic face .
tr	I	This is Harper Sinclair and I 'm Brooke Palmer .
tr	I	She didn 't care at this point , but that sounded a bit pathetic .
tr	O	他的手指卷曲着环住她的手腕，并且他抬起她的手臂，以便能看到伤口。
tr	O	其他人依次照做，并且他们都比塔维表现得更好。
tr	O	我窥视信封，看到了两张头等舱机票，并且我脸上的血色都褪尽了。
tr	O	泰德试图微笑，但是他却没能做到。
tr	O	我寻找那个高个子男人，但是他不在墓地。
tr	O	再加上他鼻子歪斜的线条，并且她希望亨利不在房间里。
tr	O	我不知道，但是无论发生什么，她的特殊能力已经毁掉了一个正常生活可能有的任何一丝迹象。
tr	I	Her father 's door stood partially open , and the assistant 's desk was at least momentarily unoccupied .
tr	O	我的威严凝视使他沉默了，并且接着我继续说。
tr	O	森林很宁静，但是如果他在夜幕降临前不离开，那么真正的捕食者就会追捕他。
tr	O	我没看到那是什么，但是它闻起来像是盘中天堂。
tr	I	I don 't think he 's giving her the attention he used to , but my mom covers it well .
tr	O	它像一只巨大的花蝙蝠一样挂在其中一根托梁上，并且它是空的。
tr	O	我比我想象的要饿，并且我把盘子吃光了。
tr	I	Ashes hid the once blue color , and the whites were now black .
tr	O	我们需要在他们继续前进之前获得信息，或者我们就要倒霉了。
tr	O	他思索着这些话，但是平静没有持续下去。
tr	O	这个男人试图攻击我们，但是他现在情况不妙。
tr	O	那对她来说毫无意义，而且她甚至不打算浪费时间去强行理解它。
tr	O	我不想听她说话，但是希望能获得更多关于她计划的信息。
tr	O	她佩戴订婚戒指的时间不长，但是现在她的手没有它看起来很奇怪。
tr	I	We had fared far worse but both sides had suffered losses .
tr	O	玛丽，我以为我早已超越了任何情感反应，但是那却让我哽咽了。
tr	O	他穿过房间，身体显得放松，但是他的脸显得警惕。
tr	O	因为如果我母亲在这里，她无法回答，而且我不想猜测那可能是为什么。
tr	I	I 'm out of time and the enemy is upon us .
tr	O	我说的有道理，而且她知道。
tr	I	You can join your furry friends , and how about we call this quits .
tr	I	His skin had taken on a waxy sheen and he 'd been sick so long his eyes sat deep in their sockets .
tr	O	春季学期几周前就开始了，而且我发誓我还没学到任何东西，因为我似乎无法集中注意力。
tr	O	我不知道我是否会和他们亲近，但是至少他们仍然可以是我生命中一小部分。
tr	I	Not being able to see him was a thousand times worse , but it was bad enough not being able to be with him .
tr	I	I couldn 't permit it , and even to be suspected of a murder he hadn 't committed was an awful thing .
tr	O	我的思绪很混乱，而且我想这是因为我无法将华纳的故事从我的脑海中抹去。
tr	O	费伊扶着加布里埃拉站起来时，以为自己可以侥幸逃脱，但是事情却没有发生。
tr	O	她很喜欢大壁炉的温暖，过了一会儿，脱下了夹克。
tr	I	He didn 't give a damn , but his pride was in tatters .
tr	I	Memories of their argument the other night followed , and the sound of his voice brought her back .
tr	O	我跑上台阶，并且她抱住了我的脖子。
tr	I	She went back to reading , and Andrew didn 't answer her message .
tr	I	He didn 't walk off either , yet he didn 't say a word .
tr	O	我感觉好像有人踢了我肚子一脚，但是阿什兰似乎没有注意到。
tr	I	The force of his personality was daunting , but he left the decision completely up to her .
tr	I	They sat , giving him the space to reflect on the loss of his friend and she finished dressing the wound .
tr	O	这是从中央车站回来的最后一班火车，但是车上仍然有一群人。
tr	I	We both froze and I leaped back .
tr	O	我会把你介绍给银行家，并且我们可以在那里办理业务。
tr	O	巴恩斯盖过所有人的声音大喊，要求安静，但是直到栖息地的灯熄灭，没有人理会。
tr	I	You 're a big part of them , and I 've got plans , big plans .
tr	I	He was too strong , but she pulled resisting him .
tr	O	珍妮喜欢为他准备食物，并且她再次想起了他们是多么不般配的一对。
tr	O	他们手牵着手，生者与死者，并且他们开始跳舞。
tr	I	It came close enough to make it scary , but it wasn 't tall enough to reach them .
tr	I	The mother follows with an apology , and a small boy zips across the sidewalk , nearly plowing into Courtney .
tr	O	我想告诉你我是谁已经很久了，但是我被父亲禁止透露我的真实身份。
tr	O	第三次弹跳非常微弱，没有多少高度，但是它确实看起来是第三次弹跳。
tr	O	他的深红色头发被梳理得向上竖起，所以看起来没有那么蓬乱，并且他的肩膀撑满了身上穿的夹克。
tr	O	他最终会解脱出来，对此我确信，但是他只需要再原地待一会儿就好。
tr	I	Though she cared about him deeply , she wanted to remain where she was , and she said that he would understand one day .
tr	O	巴尔萨泽向她抬手致意，但是她像受惊了一样停下了脚步。
tr	I	At the moment it didn 't matter , but the aliens didn 't seem to understand what she 'd said .
tr	O	队长的眉毛挑了起来，但是他什么也没说，只是专注地盯着屏幕上的图标。
tr	I	She effortlessly kept the conversation going , and Barbara had always been a talker .
tr	I	I stop him by finally making eye contact , but he moves to sit down next to me .
tr	I	She didn 't like knowing that this particular one existed , but she 'd seen enough things to know that monsters were real .
tr	O	她没事，但是情况不同。
tr	O	他抚摸着她的头发，但是他什么也没说。
tr	O	他和错误的人混在一起了，或者他开始做一些非法的事情了。
tr	O	响起一阵咔嗒声，并且布丽姬特端着茶盘来了，省去了夏洛特回答的需要。
tr	I	He welcomed the pain , but his body ached with painful arousal .
tr	I	Heat slammed through him , and his big body shuddered .
tr	I	The blinds were broken , and there was paint peeling on the walls .
tr	I	I knocked on the door , and I arrived at her place .
tr	I	The echoes will follow me through the turns , and it is , at base , a significant one .
tr	O	斯蒂芬妮坐在杰克逊旁边，并且他的手仍然紧紧握着她的手。
tr	O	里奇看向杰米寻求确认，但是他却无法看穿她的想法。
tr	O	鞭子继续抽打着，但是艾雯却渐渐麻木了。
tr	I	I shook my head and Xavier studied my face .
tr	O	很疼，并且他们弄坏了我的单簧管。
tr	O	米兰达张大了嘴巴，并且她看着凯莉，仿佛在等着她反驳德拉的说法。
tr	O	我只是回头看着她，并且我看得太专注了，以至于忘了去想我的表情是怎样的。
tr	O	她有太多地方让人无法一次尽览，并且我的目光游走于各处，试图汲取每一个细节。
tr	O	那个叫约翰尼，并且他可不好惹。
tr	O	我摇了摇头，但是我也在笑。
tr	O	我转过头，并且我们的目光交织在一起。
tr	O	巴斯特被派去取回它们，并且最终它们开始陆续进来。
tr	O	他慢慢转过头看我，并且笑容又回到了他的唇边。
tr	O	祖父爱上了她，并且他们在墨西哥城结婚了。
tr	I	He was expecting your call , but Mr. Summers is in a meeting .
tr	I	She remembered well the lessons she 'd learned , and her father had taught her .
tr	I	The lights went out and the bus jerked forward .
tr	O	家里人没怎么注意我，并且这里是埃文，一个十足的帅哥，正在夸我。
tr	I	I have to talk to you , but he 's afraid of you .
tr	I	Hated feeling ignorant , and she had never been a very patient person .
tr	O	声音没大到路过的守卫能听见，但是却足以让他脸更红。
tr	O	我们更换了电池，并且我把油加满了。
tr	O	我们听到首席牧师走开了，并且我能听到大楼侧面的一扇门正在打开。
tr	I	He didn 't think he could stand it , and Dear God , it was the last time .
tr	I	She blushed once again and she was startled by the heat , the force of his gaze .
tr	I	He felt the power inherent in its form , but it was not nearly as elegant as his mother 's work .
tr	I	She squirmed a little and one dark eyebrow lifted .
tr	O	突然间，我不在乎奥利是否听到了，但是我没有机会再说其他话。
tr	I	Of the numerous conversions he had made throughout the Empire , and they talked extensively of his travels , apparently many more than I had imagined .
tr	I	Each moved in big crowds with the others , but they didn 't appear to have wills of their own .
tr	O	那个女家庭教师可能看起来像个异教徒，但是她把米利暗小姐的东西整理得比许多同职位的人都整洁。
tr	O	托马斯的目光落到地上，并且他又坐回了床上。
tr	O	我已经跌到了谷底，并且我憎恨自己。
tr	I	I licked the golden goodness of my fingers and the lid was sticky with its sweetness .
tr	I	He 'd noted the implied menace but Brady had refused to be intimidated .
tr	O	这项任务主要是为了好玩，但是我相信我们所有人，包括我，都有机会从中学习到很多。
tr	O	让他自己和妮可安顿在一个他们可以称之为家的地方。
tr	O	她转身了，并且马克斯站在客厅门口。
tr	I	Michael 's muscles ached from the strain , and the man was heavy .
tr	I	I realized I 'd taken that from him and he had looked so hopeful for a few seconds .
tr	I	Dylan shook his head , but she opened her mouth to argue .
tr	O	我们没有谈论迫在眉睫的可能性，但是我总能感觉到它笼罩在我们身上的阴影带来的寒意。
tr	I	He set her on her feet , and finally Jaxon pushed away from him .
tr	I	She would never purposely do anything to hurt her , but she might think Marissa 's a cold bitch .
tr	O	兰登把手放在上面，并且她看到他吓了一跳。
tr	O	现在简正坐在他腿上，并且他能感觉到她紧贴着他。
tr	I	This time his tone had softened somewhat , but after a moment , Byrnes spoke again .
tr	O	我不敢说我理解这情况分毫，但是这确实非同寻常。
tr	O	我走进了育儿室，并且埃勒里正在梯子上。
tr	I	A warm body curled up against him , and Ryo woke gently , with warm sunlight pressing against his eyelids .
tr	I	I preferred not to reveal my ignorance to girls I hardly knew , but if Fade was here , I 'd look to him for clarification .
tr	I	I can still hear it whistling through the air as he brings it down over my head , but I close my eyes .
tr	O	他不会给我回电话，并且我没有责怪他。
tr	O	她摇了摇头，把注意力集中在他的眼睛上，而不是他闻起来有多美妙和辛辣。
tr	I	I squinted to keep from crying , and I winced at the sudden rush of emotion now that the adrenaline was leaving me .
tr	I	Michaels had paused there briefly to complete his remark and they had come to the top of the escalator .
tr	I	A sizzling corpse amidst a pile of debris and he saw the dead guards immediately .
tr	I	Everyone went home and they stumbled out of the lab .
tr	O	她终于找到了一个她想要的男人，并且她还没得到他就失去了他。
tr	I	His father left it to him , and deep down I know he does .
tr	O	我从未见过如此年轻美丽的，并且我被她的外貌惊呆了。
tr	I	Hopefully he would hear her words and Kate decided to just start talking .
tr	O	卡利俄珀邪恶的笑声在洞穴中回荡，并且我停止了挣扎。
tr	O	店主一直给她续杯，并且她也一直喝着。
tr	I	We can dust it for prints in the morning , and I 'll get the print kit from my office .
tr	I	A slight flush spread up his cheeks and his face tightened .
tr	I	I clutched at my head desperately as it faded into nothing and my legs weakened .
tr	O	他知道中心无力承担所有必要的测试，并且布拉德利喜欢挑战。
tr	I	Dan had thought it was a great joke too and he had even heard Martin joking about it with Dan later that day .
tr	I	I walked toward the painter 's wife , Caridad and the rice was appearing from out of the water .
tr	O	她不停地四处张望，寻找任何人的迹象，但是周围没有一个人影。
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to say the other things , the bigger pickle things .
tr	O	这听起来太像告别了，并且他受不了了。
tr	I	He loved to eat and she loved to cook .
tr	O	以前她触碰他时，他感觉像在天堂，但是现在她的恐惧强烈地刺痛了他的神经。
tr	O	她通常不接受采访，但是她今天破例了。
tr	I	He was looking straight at the heels of the Hunter 's muddy brown boots , and the door to the potion cupboard had been thrown wide open .
tr	I	He didn 't think this was planned out , but Adelaide probably had something to do with it .
tr	I	I could smell her long hair , and we laid there for a moment .
tr	I	Silence was everywhere , but doors opened .
tr	O	我睁开了眼睛，并且我已不在我房间的地板上了。
tr	I	He checks the text , and his phone goes off .
tr	O	我背对着卡车，并且我没看到任何人在我前面。
tr	O	他已经接受了，并且现在我们是兄弟了。
tr	O	她和朋友说话时声音很轻柔，并且梅根溅了她一点水。
tr	I	You 're willing to give me a second chance and you 've forgiven me .
tr	O	他把它甩掉，好像不疼一样，但是他脸上的表情却没有那么令人信服。
tr	O	那个家伙刚让你经历了一场测试，并且你失败了。
tr	O	当哈德利进入青春期时，情况就变了，但是我对我的表亲还有一些美好的回忆。
tr	O	一只脚擦到了他，在膝盖上，我想，但是这更像是一次擦边而过，而不是直接命中。
tr	O	我知道我应该动，但是我没有。
tr	I	She opened a savings account for Kel and we set aside more for our college funds .
tr	I	The horse fared far worse , yet Viktor landed hard on his head .
tr	O	人身伤害是一回事，但是侵犯他的领地就是另一回事了。
tr	O	你不对此负责，并且你也从来都不可能负责。
tr	I	It fell straight on his head as he was passing by and with a godly stroke of luck it broke off the nest .
tr	I	I could always make more in the New York lab before we left and we had more than enough filament to do that .
tr	I	He could hear the heavy sound of the doors opening and his hand was taken .
tr	O	我要去波士顿，而且你也阻止不了我。
tr	I	Her feet were starting to burn when she heard a soft thud behind her and the sand was hot .
tr	I	I don 't think she meant it , but Miriam said it 's just wishful thinking .
tr	O	我努力将他们两人都举在空中，哼了一声，但是力量还在。
tr	I	I 'm not sure , but I think I heard him right .
tr	O	我试图不让我的沉重眼皮合上，但是它们却一直在赢得这场战斗。
tr	I	I could tell he was walking away and the sound of his voice got quieter .
tr	O	我大声叫喊着让那两人停下，但是他们似乎一心想杀死对方。
tr	I	I stood up , backing away and Elle grabbed the back of my shirt .
tr	I	I admired how much he adored his daughter , and he 'd lost his wife , from what Peyton told me .
tr	O	他听到木板断裂的声音，并且男人们叫喊起来。
tr	I	Yet the emotion felt strange - separate , somehow , and that warmth was delicious .
tr	I	There wouldn 't have been any reason for her to return to work and she was getting paid .
tr	I	I ended up in James 's house , and I needed to get away .
tr	I	I wasn 't awake and I wasn 't asleep .
tr	O	林肯死于他人之手，而且国家正从一场残酷的战争中恢复过来。
tr	I	The guy kept his arm around her , but Ivy pulled her back just a little .
tr	I	For once she didn 't argue , but she gave him a doubting stare .
tr	I	He looked so determined that she felt she had to try and as the rain pelted them she stared up into his face .
tr	O	我有一些想知道答案的问题，而且这个男人掌握着这些答案。
tr	O	为了让他转移注意力，西拉斯被安排去摆桌子，而且传信鼠被邀请吃晚饭。
tr	I	Things are so different now , but I would like to think so .
tr	I	He saw that Torin had indeed returned , and now he stood in Torin 's doorway .
tr	I	I quickly close the gap between us and he turns his face back to me .
tr	O	我真的不想去，但是如果我留下来，我就得向父母，尤其是爸爸解释原因。
tr	O	是的，她是处女，但是她从不想让人觉得她想要上床——绝不！
tr	I	She would keep it a private issue between them as long as she could but he might force her to make them in the very near future .
tr	I	We collide into one another , and I race over to Gage .
tr	I	I bit my tongue , but I wanted to tell him how much I would miss him .
tr	I	Vin could barely hear his words , but he stepped forward .
tr	O	他有帮派纹身，但是巴尔没有认出它们。
tr	O	整个故事让弗兰克感到不安，并且这让他想起了前一晚的到来。
tr	O	索菲主动提出用她的车，并且我没打算争辩。
tr	I	She smiled back at him and he gave her a meaningful glance .
tr	O	他们想做什么就做什么，想什么时候做就什么时候做，并且没人能告诉他们别的。
tr	I	The chair kept me locked in place , but I wanted to put my head down .
tr	O	他看着第一个球从他身边过去，并且裁判示意好球。
tr	I	She lost all thought , and his lips closed around her nipple .
tr	O	我的眼睛后面开始隐隐作痛，并且我抓起咖啡，确信我系统里需要更多咖啡因。
tr	O	她的头发和她本人一样狂野，并且朱莉娅简直无法看清。
tr	O	我想要答案，并且我想在大卫改变主意之前得到它们。
tr	I	I was going to take whatever I could get , but I didn 't like the sound of his preamble .
tr	O	她笑了，但是艾莉无法分辨这笑容是否真诚。
tr	O	他笑了，并且路易莎也感到一股愉悦的暖流。
tr	O	我们还在等一些检测结果，但是你可以去看她。
tr	I	I 'm not sure I ever would have been prepared for it , but I 'd been braced for this truth .
tr	I	They get it all from the Demons , but there are a few mortals who can do magic .
tr	I	Jack closed his eyes , and the shrieking grew louder .
tr	O	每晚都有抢劫者试图闯入，并且爸爸做了他需要做的事。
tr	O	一个大毛蜘蛛在看着我，或者更糟的是，缠在我的头发里，这个念头让我不寒而栗。
tr	I	He 'd said he 'd nearly died that night , and the odds here were half as good as that .
tr	I	No words came out , but Dante 's mouth opened .
tr	O	他手机的蜂鸣声告诉他，要么是电话断了，或者他的经纪人挂了他的电话。
tr	I	He was having none of that but she kissed him softly .
tr	I	He didn 't like standing out here with her , but it was broad daylight , not even noon .
tr	O	我开始转身，并且一个念头牵扯着我。
tr	O	我轻蹭她的脖子，并且她内心尖叫起来。
tr	O	他的语气是在恳求，但是格蕾丝只是很生气。
tr	O	食物没那么快坏，并且彼得不挑剔，所以他吃了。
tr	I	She nodded her satisfaction , and small adjustments were made .
tr	I	That gentle action was breaking my resolve , but I had worked myself up .
tr	I	Silence fell , and her British reserve forced her to hold her tongue .
tr	I	The Swimmer female came up to her from the deeps , and Crista dangled from the kelp .
tr	I	I tried to pretend my empty stomach was somehow causing it , but I still felt a little uncomfortable when my chest started aching .
tr	I	He kept going , not realizing that it was me protesting , not Blanche , but shocked , I pushed against him with my free hand .
tr	O	我们在大厅里并非独自一人，但是我们周围的人都没有年轻到可以上我们的学校。
tr	O	克拉肯号现在在他们下方，大约在地平线以下三十度，但是它如此巨大，以至于也在他们身后。
tr	O	他召唤出一个传送门，并且我们穿过了它。
tr	O	他的声音只比呼吸声大一点，然而听起来他仿佛正在痛苦之中。
tr	O	老德卡德·布莱恩可能会更关心这件事，但是他所经历的改变让他变得更加超然。
tr	I	Annie could guarantee Vegas was a whole lot more exciting than touring some museum , but Vance might think Rome was fun .
tr	I	There was blood soaked into the sheets and the wound had opened while they slept .
tr	I	The source of it -- Ken -- collapsed at the top of the landing , and Sounds of gasping made their way up the stairs .
tr	I	There was no other alternative , but he 'd gone in shooting .
tr	O	我没有活着，但是我也没有完全死去。
tr	I	He handed it back to LK , and a slight spark leapt into it .
tr	O	他们开车几英里到了医疗中心，并且然后罗莎把孩子们安顿在候诊室里。
tr	I	Dana was on a trip to Europe , and he was working at the Institution again .
tr	O	伊恩会同意的，并且他会在他们亲密之后坚持要求结婚。
tr	I	Slowly , slowly , slowly started to fall and there was a creaking sound as the cabinet tipped on its side .
tr	I	There was no such luck , but I made a mad dash toward it , hoping he 'd have somehow miraculously forgotten our lesson .
tr	I	I can 't get my feet to move , but I start toward him .
tr	I	The celebration half a bar away instantly died down , and I put my arm around her .
tr	O	世界上最漂亮的男孩在我手中停留了短短一秒，并且我没有足够的力量抓住他。
tr	O	闪电击中的地方传来一声开裂的响声，并且河岸开始坍塌。
tr	I	I relaxed in his arms and my eyes closed .
tr	I	He 's pious and he 's clever .
tr	I	The swirl quickened and a hum sounded .
tr	O	快感在赞恩的腹股沟处涌动，但是它又伴随着另一种涌动，深入他的胸膛。
tr	I	Greg agreed with the engineers in doubting it , but it was possible Hartley could do that wherever he was on the ship .
tr	O	他找到了她，但是他来晚了。
tr	I	Two of these crowded the clergyman against the wall , pinning him there , and three others followed .
tr	I	She didn 't dare , but Mona wanted to reach for one of her hands .
tr	I	Wesley groaned , and I said .
tr	O	凯伦移到莉亚的左侧，并且莉亚用左刺拳发起了攻击。
tr	O	他全身都在颤抖，并且他呼吸得非常急促。
tr	O	我朋友中唯一有驾照的另一个人是怀亚特，但是他出城去看望他奶奶了。
tr	I	Kellen cleared the corners and they stopped at the entrance to the stairs .
tr	I	In a flash he realized the pillars were petrified trees , and as he got closer , he noticed the pillar was textured like bark .
tr	O	亨利犹豫了，并且我母亲抓住我的手更紧了。
tr	I	The audience cheered and he dipped me down , continuing the kiss .
tr	O	他们的听众不安地挪动着，并且凯德的笑容消失了。
tr	O	有一刻，她以为艾莉会拒绝，但是然后那个女孩的手缠住了米娜的衣领。
tr	I	Her mouth fell open in horror , and her gaze snagged on a trail of blood .
tr	I	The expression was lost as he rubbed his hand over his face , but for a moment he looked like he regretted saying it .
tr	O	他整夜都在那里，并且我感觉到他在看着我。
tr	I	He was just as excited as everyone else , and it was getting close to the time they would go to space .
tr	O	我感觉自己已经等了很久很久，而且现在看来我必须等更久。
tr	O	她尖叫着，并且我躲开了冲我而来的一个咒语。
tr	O	它看起来根本不够快，无法躲避子弹，而且它乍一看也没有任何武器。
tr	I	She had not been booted to the curb either , but it had not been inviting .
tr	O	我尽力猛撞他的胸膛，并且他踉跄后退，足以让我挣脱。
tr	O	洛萨示意那个开口，并且她朝那个方向凝视着。
tr	I	She 's a target , being my only daughter , but she 's determined to make it on her own .
tr	I	She swallowed hard , and then she registered how those eyes looked at her .
tr	O	他的耳朵里传来一声巨响，但是他却无法判断是否来自楼下的走廊。
tr	I	Lights everywhere went off with jarring loudness and it squealed out an alarm .
tr	O	我妈妈总是说我聪明，只要我肯用心，但是我就不明白有什么意义。
tr	O	我尚不知这部分将是什么，但是它将由我们守护以提升智慧。
tr	I	The scream Trevor asked for was lodged somewhere beneath all the disbelief in my chest , but Rowan laughed when I jumped .
tr	I	Maybe it was thoughtfulness or Grandpa spoke with caution .
tr	O	我感觉到他的舌头触碰我的嘴唇，但是他没有深入。
tr	O	洞穴中央燃着一堆火，但是却没有人围着它。
tr	O	这家店不是很大，但是幸好鸡肉订单已经送达。
tr	O	一堆工具堆在他的脚边，并且跨接电缆将GTO的电池连接到Camaro的电池上。
tr	O	我的手悬在她头上，想触碰她粗糙的短发，但是我却只是拉起床单盖住她裸露的双腿。
tr	O	他亲吻了她的嘴唇，并且她回应了。
tr	O	一声枪响，并且他担心最坏的情况。
tr	O	她不嫉妒他那短暂的青春，然而他的责任感与其说是帮助不如说是负担。
tr	O	我试着将能量注入我的手，但是又什么也没有发生。
tr	I	Lily was having a ball and Dad was proud .
tr	O	他似乎不急，但是他一边走一边继续大吼。
tr	O	她抚慰人心的举止掩盖了一种干练的控制，然而，并且乔治被带走了。
tr	O	我扑向她，并且一瞬间我的手感到刺痛，因为它们没有抓住她，而是穿过了像明胶一样浓稠的空气。
tr	I	Finding nothing , they then came into my sitting room , but they rushed around in there .
tr	O	他们看到下方那片闪闪发光的巨大沙海时确实稍有犹豫，然而，并且我几乎能闻到他们那压倒性的贪婪。
tr	O	第九章 杰基不仅是我的挚友，但是她也是办公室里最好的侦探。
tr	I	He nodded in greeting , and Kadar passed us next .
tr	O	罗布猛地向前一冲，但是我一动不动。
tr	I	He somehow sees it and there stood a chance .
tr	I	I didn 't drown and Trent held my hand .
tr	O	她感觉它仿佛要从她的胸膛里冲出来，并且她确信其他人也能听到。
tr	O	这不是我能参与的战斗，而且我注定要眼睁睁看着我的朋友为此而死。
tr	O	向别人说出真相感觉很好，但是现在他说完了，他感到害怕。
tr	I	He was not going to let her out but her displeasure was obvious as she tried to push away .
tr	O	今晚她爱每一个人，但是他们最值得这份爱，因为他们看到了马特是多么好的人。
tr	O	弗雷德有几次看着我，好像有什么话想说，但是每次他似乎都改变了主意。
tr	O	奥利发出了一个非常反常的声音，并且他把手紧握成拳。
tr	O	他的头向后倾，并且他发出了一声深沉的笑。
tr	O	他们都将前往西部，面临数月的艰苦，并且许多人将一去不返。
tr	O	我曾想相信他是个正派人，但是我本该知道他就是他：一个男人。
tr	O	凯西试图对他皱眉，但是她发现自己无法抗拒他那随和的笑容。
tr	O	他想说话，并且那通常不是什么好兆头。
tr	I	I didn 't want to pretend that I was and I wasn 't him anymore .
tr	I	We hated their stories and they loved writing about us .
tr	O	我在这里有很好的朋友，并且现在我有一个新儿子了。
tr	I	The office shuddered , and a muffled boom sounded from somewhere far below .
tr	O	莎拉笑了，并且达克喜欢她的笑声。
tr	O	它就完全停下来了，并且我喜欢那种感觉。
tr	I	It seldom bothered me , and I was used to being by myself .
tr	O	她的马也准备好运动了，并且她对自己的驾驭技能感到自豪。
tr	O	她的母亲听起来并没有不高兴，并且这令人感到安心。
tr	I	Already the guys were checking her out and we 'd only been here five minutes .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁着，锁定在我的眼睛上，但是我不认为他看到了我。
tr	I	Apparently , they had to walk the last distance and they were standing at the bottom of a hill .
tr	I	Helen wasn 't even pretending but Alice half-heartedly pushed on the weights .
tr	O	她在迟到铃声响起时正好赶到了自己的班级，并且她在切尔西旁边找了个座位坐下。
tr	O	亚瑟加倍挣扎，但是他知道自己已走到尽头。
tr	O	塔纳是他们小圈子里唯一有女朋友的人，并且他因此没少被那些人挖苦。
tr	I	She froze and the flat of that palm slammed across her rear .
tr	I	I believe him , and he told me that his parents killed each other .
tr	I	Maybe she shouldn 't be experimenting now , and she hadn 't .
tr	I	She leaped to her feet and his mother 's jaw dropped .
tr	O	我们得到了魔法来保护我们，但是它却可能被恶魔的咒语打破。
tr	O	我不喜欢它...，但是我却已经习惯了它。
tr	I	I already knew they were gone , but I tried to find my knives .
tr	O	他松开了抓住我手臂的手，但是我仍然能感觉到他的触碰在那里。
tr	I	His eyes are closed and I can tell from the way his arm is thrown up over his head .
tr	I	I sucked in a breath , and her chest pressed against mine .
tr	O	如果你愿意，你可以全城搜寻我，但是我不建议你这样做。
tr	I	He shakes his head slightly , but I plead with my eyes .
tr	O	这是一个我无法控制的效果，并且我无法忽视它。
tr	I	I didn 't bother to answer , but I dimly heard their voices calling me from time to time .
tr	I	The cut absorbed it , and Connor pressed the dagger to the small cut .
tr	I	Her job depended on passing it and perhaps she had been assigned to work with him as a sort of test .
tr	I	That was okay , but she wasn 't one to feel sorry for people .
tr	O	这就像他是一条鱼，并且他这个丑闻缠身的世界是水。
tr	I	Dirge was too close for another charge , so she began waddling forward , tossing her head and Poe was slow to turn .
tr	I	Iain walked in as if he owned the place and the door to her suite opened .
tr	O	这持续了几秒钟，并且当她受够了的时候，她立刻跑向了他。
tr	I	It was gone before I could figure out what it was , but an odd look flickered over his face .
tr	I	I didn 't doubt the Alchemists would soon have them all monitored , and there were a number of exits .
tr	I	There would be no sleep for him tonight , but they would spend the night on the ship .
tr	O	如果吉普车无法开上那个小斜坡，查克就会启动四驱，并且那会让他们回到柏油路上。
tr	O	艾拉知道自己说得太多了，但是她似乎无法停下来。
tr	I	I turn to Eddie and when the bell rings , the class begins to file out .
tr	O	里面只等了很短时间，并且当女招待带领我们走向桌子时，我们经过了甜点柜。
tr	O	她是个好女孩，但是她审视他的那种专注方式却令人不安。
tr	O	他希望露西亚能比他过得更好，而且她的开端也已经如此偏离正常。
tr	I	She anticipated his question , but Jesse started to speak .
tr	O	到这里来费了很大力气，而且我已经成功了。
tr	O	我对艺术了解不多，但是能从他的画作中看出原始的情感。
tr	O	她的眼睛紧紧闭着，而且愉悦感将她淹没。
tr	I	He quickly looked away , and our eyes met .
tr	I	His body was throbbing and his heart was racing .
tr	I	They left the room and Nicholas said a few words of magic waving his hands toward the ceiling .
tr	I	Isaac Payson was long dead , and I was an adult now .
tr	O	它大约是我房间的五倍大，而且这只是他的步入式衣帽间。
tr	O	约瑟夫神父言出必行，而且知道他言出必行让我感到非常温暖。
tr	I	It made me feel unaccountably sad , and it was an expression I 'd never seen on the confident Eric 's face before .
tr	I	He also knew there was little chance of getting the matter before the jury , and Fitch knew about the aborted nuptials .
tr	O	我不知道妮可今天早上几点起床的，但是当我醒来时，她已经不在家里了。
tr	O	他知道你所有的计划，并且我向你保证他来这里是为了阻止这一切。
tr	O	在他的故事中，她的兴趣在某个地方变得敏锐起来，并且她变得非常务实，问着尖锐的问题，准备着计划。
tr	O	我们之中有两个最聪明的人，他们知道每个问题的答案，但是他们不说话。
tr	I	They walk away as the train pulls in behind them , and the irony is lost on the jock .
tr	O	我听到欧文斯松了一口气，并且我看着那位母亲走了出来。
tr	I	Theresa sat down opposite him , and he motioned to the table .
tr	I	Garrett closed his eyes , sighing inwardly , and one of his hands came up to stroke that reddish gold hair of hers .
tr	O	我们的神话建立在一个比我们梦想的更坚实的现实基础上，但是它也与那个基础有着几乎无限的距离。
tr	O	他们为我的服务支付了过高的费用，并且我们得以维持生计。
tr	O	我迅速地用手抚摸过我的身体，希望能找到她的乳房，她的脂肪，但是一切正常。
tr	I	The boat rocked , enveloped in the mist , and Water lapped against it .
tr	O	约翰尼吻别了我，并且我轻快地走向一群朋友，我看到他们正站在校舍前门外面。
tr	O	我几乎跟不上，但是在我克服了她用光我的手机电量的些许烦恼之后，我喜欢它。
tr	O	他非常爱我，并且他总是给我我想要的一切。
tr	O	皮罗丢下了花，并且玻璃碎了。
tr	O	他们显示出正在变成狼的迹象，并且这让我想起了月之竞技场小屋里的那位老妇人。
tr	O	我伸手向后，并且我的手指握住了枪。
tr	I	I dodged with only a split second to spare and another one of his brutal kicks got through my block .
tr	I	At once the first , with scythe raised , went up in flames , but it seemed a rude circle sought to close .
tr	I	There were a few dim lights , but most of the windows were dark .
tr	O	伪造物已布置妥当，并且没有电脑痕迹。
tr	I	The phrasing was applicable regardless , but his intended meaning was different .
tr	I	They were quickly seated since it was a Monday night and he drove to a small Italian restaurant close by the office .
tr	O	贝丝张开嘴想继续说，但是我打断了她。
tr	O	天开始下雪了，并且风正威胁着要把雪吹到建筑物上堆积起来。
tr	I	This time the dynamics were different but he didn 't remember having felt the need to fill a space with sound to feel comfortable .
tr	O	他的声音听起来很困倦，并且他的眼皮看起来很沉重。
tr	I	I took my seat and he winked at me .
tr	O	到处都是血，一片在刚下的雪中不断扩大的红色斑块，而且米勒已经能感觉到自己越来越虚弱了。
tr	I	I 'm sure you know that , but he loved you .
tr	O	该隐看到了一连串的事件，而且尽管偶尔会瞥见其他人，但罗里身边唯一的常客是她的奶奶。
tr	I	Cate would be more comfortable on the rough mattress , but he could sleep on the ground , rolled up in his blanket .
tr	O	他抬起头，并且他母亲正用空白的表情盯着他。
tr	O	天色已晚，并且我应该睡觉了。
tr	I	He found himself hardly able to think , and he breath echoed heavily in his ears .
tr	I	He 'd stuck the chocolates in the fridge and the roses were wilting in a vase on the mantel .
tr	O	莫娜·罗西更接近六十岁而非五十岁，但是你从她身上永远看不出来。
tr	I	Gage jumped up , punching a fist into the air , and the crowd cheered .
tr	O	辐射渗入我的生活区，并且它发臭了。
tr	O	记忆涌入我的脑海，但是每个快乐的瞬间都消逝了，滑入了悲伤的漩涡。
tr	I	Midnight as she walked in the door and * * * Kate greeted the dogs .
tr	O	我把手环住他的脖子，但是他的话没有逃过我的注意。
tr	I	I can tell from her expression that she is seriously considering what we are telling her and Casey stares at us .
tr	O	我厌倦了痛苦，并且我知道一件事能让我摆脱所有的痛苦。
tr	O	我的心跳得比以往任何时候都快，但是我设法保持声音平稳。
tr	I	I rubbed it and my head hurt .
tr	I	He told them what Pat had said , and they rode up .
tr	O	俄克拉荷马州的每个人看起来都很友善，而且比芝加哥暖和得多。
tr	I	Her lashes were swept down against her pale cheeks and her red hair was laid out across the pillow .
tr	O	一到入口处，他便呼叫执勤的卫兵，但是没有任何回应。
tr	O	她收起钱包时嘴唇下垂了，但是她没有浪费任何时间就走出了前门。
tr	I	A couple of men walked in and right then the cabin door opened .
tr	I	They turned to make their way back , and he gave a short nod .
tr	O	再次回到这房子里让我感到难过，并且我突然明白了乔什有多么不容易。
tr	I	His brows narrowed and their gazes met .
tr	I	I will , and I will find you .
tr	I	I paid for the other half and the company paid for half of the remodel project .
tr	O	它和台灯一样高，而且这让我吃惊。
tr	O	我的两个兄弟姐妹在19岁时都生了孩子，但是他们却下定决心我不会那样。
tr	O	我痛恨将皮特留下，让他处于如此糟糕的境况，但是我知道他在更糟糕的情况下也能照顾好自己。
tr	O	我们会派更多的人上去，但是这会花他们更长的时间。
tr	O	我没有要求这一切，但是你攻击我的恐惧症，而你的恐惧症也同样不理性，你这样做实在太低级了。
tr	I	Gavin appeared in the doorway and her attention shifted to the trailer as the door flew open .
tr	I	I can 't come up with a plausible explanation , and I 've been racking my brain for months .
tr	I	Two others were playing pool in a recreation room on the first floor toward the back of the house , and Bruce was right behind him .
tr	I	The second was what she 'd discovered on his computer and the first was the fact that she was pregnant .
tr	O	雪在我的靴子下嘎吱作响，但是马匹不安的踩踏声掩盖了它。
tr	I	It 's remarkable , but it 's got nothing to do with what we came here for .
tr	O	他一直都是那样；这在我们是朋友的时候没什么，但是现在这只会让情况更危险。
tr	I	Ye should have seen his face in that room , but T is alright talking about it here in the light .
tr	O	我的头痛得厉害，并且我的四肢在颤抖。
tr	O	我已被授予绝对权力，可以以我认为合适的方式保护你的安全，并且我会这么做的。
tr	I	My heart beat fast and my stomach tightened .
tr	I	I something inside of me cracked , but I couldn 't see him through the tinted glass .
tr	I	I didn 't care how it got like that , and the dress was just a dress .
tr	I	He spoke around it but Brandon had just taken a bite of his wife 's bagel .
tr	I	He took her hand , but he was still unsure .
tr	I	He simply nodded toward the group , but she gave him a questioning glance .
tr	O	我没准备好，并且我怀疑一年的训练是否真的能让我做好准备。
tr	O	他坐了下来，并且当我脱下外套时，我注意到他的目光漂向我肚子上越来越明显的隆起。
tr	I	I do know she is a nice person , but I don 't know Nicole all that well .
tr	I	He 'd never really know , but maybe seeing Duncan had jump - started the other part of his dark power , the uncontrolled part .
tr	O	她的手机需要充电，但是一旦充好电，道恩就打算去查萨拉的地址。
tr	O	这里曾是当地足球队的主场，但是他们几年前已经搬到了一个新的、专门建造的体育场。
tr	O	赛斯移动得很快，可能比艾登还快，并且现在他又回到了我的私人空间里。
tr	O	他在线上的照片中很喜欢它，但是没有什么能让他为它庄严的宏伟做好准备。
tr	I	His thrusters were permanently bent downwards , but he tried to change his direction .
tr	I	He put it in the inside pocket of his jacket , and I handed him the white envelop Tino had given me .
tr	O	戒环上刻着什么东西，但是我看不清。
tr	I	It 's difficult , but Lila I 'm trying to be strong .
tr	O	我们正开车返回沙漠，并且我让哈洛挑选了音乐。
tr	O	我们必须杀了他们，或者我们就会被发现。
tr	I	After that , life was very tough , and ' Then something happened .
tr	O	我们可以居住在人类身体中，但是我们的核心仍然是外星的。
tr	I	It 's too big a risk , but I 'd love to save him .
tr	I	Ricky was done and the lady was quite remarkable .
tr	O	他们停在它的屋顶上，并且有一个舱门你需要下去才能进入实际的层面。
tr	I	It was a good , steady little business and he had won several prizes .
tr	I	How different it was in here , like another world , and I thought of people 's grey ordinary lives .
tr	O	它会袭击附近的城镇，并且这对搭档会被杀死。
tr	O	她望向澡堂，但是没有任何回应。
tr	I	The lantern floated into the air , rising slowly above the House like a star taking flight from earth , and he released his grip .
tr	I	He drank it up , and her cum was soaking his chin .
tr	O	他们可能每人至少带着一把隐藏的枪，或者那个年长的警察会带着。
tr	O	我四处打听了一下，并且你的名字浮现了。
tr	I	He had her stilling as he commanded her to in a soothing tone , but Princess shied a little , taking several steps back .
tr	I	They feared the spectre of stereotyping , but it was estimated that over ninety percent of moderate Muslims were in favour of deporting convicted extremists .
tr	O	我把手指深深地掐进皮肤，试图挣脱我的手，但是我僵住了。
tr	I	The two strike the wall , and a ball of iridescent air knocks the fireball off its path toward me .
tr	O	到目前为止，他们几乎没找到什么能满足他们邪恶胃口的东西，但是他们也还没遇到任何能与他们抗衡的东西。
tr	O	我需要的材料都在那儿，但是主人却不在。
tr	I	I 'm not getting it , but it seems like she is trying to tell me something .
tr	I	The bed slowly rose , then vanished , but I went to the bed to sit .
tr	O	他的真实姓名会因此被揭露，并且联邦调查局会介入。
tr	O	我会同意的，并且你将回到你来的地方，仿佛什么都没发生过。
tr	O	他向乔点点头，并且把那1.5给了我。
tr	O	她清楚地知道他在做什么，但是她不想承认。
tr	O	已经是第三节课了，并且我还没见到那些男孩。
tr	I	I couldn 't go through with it , and it didn 't match his tender words .
tr	O	我知道那个冷静、自持的男人内心深处隐藏着什么，并且我珍惜每一次瞥见真实弗罗斯特的机会。
tr	I	She ignored them but tears were flowing .
tr	O	一丝轻微的动静片刻之前引起了她的注意，但是她在阴影中什么也看不见。
tr	I	You 're the only person who can make it right , but I 'm sorry this happened to you .
tr	O	我唯一的目的就是让你和父亲在这个世界上彻底消失。
tr	O	你们可能是艾拉的家人，但是我已经受够了！
tr	I	I could see colors , but I couldn 't see individual people from this distance .
tr	I	You are not to blame for it , but what happened was a horrible accident .
tr	I	She tried to blink the tears away and Kira felt her eyes well up again .
tr	O	我可能没有杀死他们，但是听起来我似乎给了他们一个比死更糟的命运。
tr	I	He just kept telling me he was fine , but I tried to get Jack to talk about how he felt .
tr	I	She wasn 't making that high-pitched sound of pain anymore , but Jenna was crying .
tr	O	他发出了他知道会让我彻底疯狂的低吼声，并且接着，就再也没有说话了很久。
tr	I	We were destined to be together , but he may not realize it yet .
tr	I	Then he had never written me any letters , and we only had a few short days together .
tr	O	她控制了他，并且他知道对此无能为力。
tr	O	哈里森不确定自己是否真的想知道，但是不问似乎很失礼。
tr	I	His eyes roll back and his head thuds backward .
tr	O	我想问她一些关于她自己的事，但是我怕那些家伙会偷听。
tr	O	她无法让眼泪落下，但是她感受到了它们。
tr	O	这是别人的车道，但是没有人会看到我们。
tr	I	Some of her residual anger had lingered , but Annie got over that fast enough .
tr	O	她把它翻了过来，并且牌面上显示一个男人被套在绞索里。
tr	I	I was really good at screwing up everything , and I didn 't want to lose her altogether .
tr	I	Her mother told her how much she meant to her , and Kelly thanked her mother for being such a great mom .
tr	O	他试图把头从地毯上抬起来，但是它似乎永远粘在那里，仿佛被胶水粘住了一样。
tr	O	另一位小提琴手看起来有些犹豫，但是音乐大师笑了。
tr	I	The passage is too narrow for him not to bump into you , but I can hide us from his sight .
tr	I	Then I let the horse go , and I turn to look at Mutt .
tr	O	她回到房间去试探阳台的门，并且再次被阻止再往前走一步。
tr	O	我把它从口袋里拿出来，并且它是戴安娜。
tr	I	It sounded tender instead , but it should 've sounded harsh .
tr	O	他是第一个在我面前暗示朱迪和我是情侣关系的人。
tr	I	I attributed it to the escalating wind but I heard a rustling in the distance .
tr	O	太阳正在落下，并且夜幕正在降临，这表明他已经出门一段时间了。
tr	O	他用力吸吮着，然后咬了下去，并且我倒吸了一口气。
tr	I	Her face revealed nothing , but he stared at her .
tr	O	杰里米紧张地咽了咽口水，因为他正是那少数人之一，并且他担心这可能对他的身体健康产生负面影响。
tr	O	柯比喜欢看着她，但是看着她让他感到困惑。
tr	O	他试图瞄准我，但是我用念力从他手中夺走了爆能枪。
tr	O	我的心不由自主地带着希望猛地一跳，但是我又把它压了回去。
tr	I	I can help you save yourself , but your sister is going to die .
tr	O	她不知道他是怎么做到的，但是她没有力气开口问。
tr	I	We can 't read her mind and we don 't know what was going on between them .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	她脸上的表情表明这是一次徒劳的尝试，但是她还是顺从地拖着脚步走向最近的摊位。
tr	I	His gaze met mine , and he cupped my chin .
tr	I	Deuce waved it off , but Zane offered him an apologetic smile .
tr	O	起初，我感到悲伤，但是随后我意识到他已经永远离开了。
tr	O	基思看起来对此有更多疑问，但是克拉伦斯的思绪仍然停留在谈话中。
tr	O	他探测从撒开的网中扩散开的涟漪的技能很有用，并且他的直觉几乎从不出错。
tr	I	To actually be in it would be jarring as all hell , but you had an idea of what was going on .
tr	O	他感受到哈特如鹰般的目光盯着他，并且他皱起了眉头。
tr	I	She is on her way home right now and the mother 's car went to DIA .
tr	I	Water was wet to a moron or Amjad sighed as if he had to explain that things fell down .
tr	I	It was the closest , but Fort Apache was not his first choice .
tr	I	You can stop the session at any time and you 'll be safe .
tr	I	That 's the final rule and Father can 't wait anymore .
tr	I	Some threesomes get acquainted and they shared a companionable silence for another ten minutes , watching couples .
tr	O	我对他有点恼火，但是我的好奇心占了上风。
tr	O	卡西砰地关上门，但是雷玛能听到他们在争吵。
tr	O	我让我的朋友上去告诉你我在这里，但是我会晚几分钟。
tr	I	Betty had not the ability to give answers , but others in the war room had many questions .
tr	O	罗里作势要跟上，但是克拉格摇了摇头。
tr	O	她已经和他讨论过好几次了，但是他今晚不知何故显得更有对抗性。
tr	I	The pools were never used but she 'd known many other wealthy people who owned houses with pools .
tr	I	Her pink dress complemented her skin perfectly , and her red hair spilled down her shoulders .
tr	I	I moved quickly but his other arm came back to my throat with the knife .
tr	O	我正准备问他为什么看起来很担忧，但是约瑟夫继续了我们正在进行的对话。
tr	O	斯蒂克斯平稳地向后靠在座位上，但是毒蛇没错过他尖锐指控下的小小退缩。
tr	I	Others would be dead , but Felix would be alive .
tr	O	兔子在我们前面穿过马路，并且我们跟着它。
tr	O	我知道那真的很糟糕，但是我当时只是对杰西非常生气。
tr	O	他的眼泪已经停了，并且我意识到那也只是伪装，他一直都在演戏。
tr	I	He 'd finally decided to confront me here , and it had been eating at him for months .
tr	I	The rest was still in place , but most of her tail was extended .
tr	O	他走近时咧嘴笑了，并且霍夫和他握了手。
tr	I	Tavi felt a little wobbly , and it was sometime later that the kiss ended .
tr	I	You know I don 't always follow her advice but Momma doesn 't want me to go far away .
tr	I	Blood oozed from a deep gash and his shirt was ripped .
tr	O	我已经和我们犯过一次那个错误了，并且我不想再犯了。
tr	O	她的眼睛因担忧而变暗，并且她咬住了嘴唇。
tr	I	Their schedules never gelled well , but they 'd worked together occasionally .
tr	I	There was a seed of honesty there , but he was joking .
tr	O	我对他苦笑了一下，但是他的目光越过我，停在了客厅里。
tr	I	The reality brought the tears but the absurdity of the situation brought bouts of nervous laughter .
tr	O	所有人都被叫过不止一次，并且没有人声称认识加布里埃尔·布兰特。
tr	O	房子里的灯亮着，并且我可以看到一些人在前廊上闲逛。
tr	I	His eyes hardened and his smile faded .
tr	O	她呼吸着，显然惊讶但喜欢那个主意。
tr	O	我们所预料的已经发生了，并且我们很高兴。
tr	I	They move toward it in a group , and the house is surrounded by cactus people .
tr	I	Ghouls line the circular metallic wall covering every inch but he looks about looking for a way to escape .
tr	O	她换了持剑的手，旋转着攻击他的弱侧，并且他不得不快速移动来防御。
tr	O	他的人类伪装因愤怒而瓦解，并且他真实的特征显露了出来。
tr	O	你闯祸了，而且你心里清楚。
tr	O	他从不否认自己可能会错，但是他通常没错。
tr	I	The available farmland isn 't enough for sustainability , but they 're doing great .
tr	I	A moment later , surprise came into her eyes , and Bimbo looked down .
tr	I	There are really two things that are stuck in my brain , and I was thinking about it laying there in bed last night .
tr	I	He wept a great deal during those first few days , but I can 't be entirely sure what the Master told him .
tr	O	唯一没有人打架的原因是至尊们禁止了，而且至尊们拥有绝对的控制权。
tr	I	He pushed himself back , but Shree went to move .
tr	I	For a moment she was almost girlish , and Patrice giggled .
tr	I	Aria seemed unruffled , but every single thing Soren did chafed him .
tr	O	现在我必须陪在她身边，而且剩下的我以后再想办法。
tr	I	She was grateful for the dim light overhead but it was humiliating to think that he might be able to see the desire on her face .
tr	I	Organ removal versus orgasms and bleeding out .
tr	I	You won 't get hurt and be a good little girl .
tr	O	他已经忘记了朋友有多重要，而且马修正是个很棒的朋友。
tr	O	我来这里是为了弄清楚到底发生了什么，然后我就离开这里。
tr	O	我几乎都没有碰他，而且现在他将注定要一辈子以克罗诺斯为父。
tr	O	我姐夫有一辆，而且他开车载我们去了绍森德。
tr	I	She thanked him absently and Mike placed a cup of tea in front of Devin .
tr	I	They made her feel terribly guilty and oh , those were horrible words .
tr	I	There were no dark slivers of possession , but he examined her mind , her memories .
tr	O	这片空地也在下着雨，但是这不是她习惯的雨。
tr	I	He seemed to be in a heavily wooded area and a small stream was flowing in the distance .
tr	I	He raised the gun to point it at his father and Travis 's jaw tightened .
tr	I	I don 't even care and he 's touching my car .
tr	O	埃本给沃德的马车铰链上了油，并且当他打开它时，他们听到远处传来号角声。
tr	I	The girls were sitting on the porch , but when I got downstairs , Jay wasn 't there .
tr	I	He cut me off , but I started to object .
tr	O	我现在将向你提供两个选择，并且我建议你明智地选择。
tr	I	Alcide nodded , and Eric looked at Alcide .
tr	O	微弱的灼烧感在我的喉咙里，而且我不相信自己能说话。
tr	O	房间本身显得很冷，而且有一种令人不安的存在感。
tr	O	我过去找丹尼斯谈点事情，并且我们就一直聊到午饭结束。
tr	O	我和艾什在一起，而且他让我很开心。
tr	O	灯光从掠过的天花板上闪烁着，并且微弱的嗡嗡声变成了刺耳的回声。
tr	I	It didn 't really matter at that point , at least I was dressed , but I didn 't remember putting them on .
tr	O	女人们喜欢被捆绑，被鞭打，并且他喜欢施加痛苦。
tr	I	Her voice dropped so low Preston could scarcely hear her , and he moved with her as she inched away from Max .
tr	O	你不会说挪威语，并且这是一个小村庄。
tr	O	弗瑞可能应该感到被侮辱，但是真相从未困扰过他。
tr	O	我看不懂她的表情，而且也许那是最好的。
tr	O	巴克斯特仍然会渴望一些他在这里找不到的东西，并且他有权追求那些能让他满足的东西，就像其他人一样。
tr	I	He hung on , grimly determined to reach the one escape left to him , but Daemon almost fell when Dancer surged forward .
tr	O	在过去几天里的不同时刻他都感到孤独，但是现在他感到比以往任何时候都更加孤独。
tr	O	我觉得这很奇怪，但是我必须尊重传统。
tr	I	With a tremendous gasp , her lungs filled , and Water bubbled from her mouth .
tr	I	Many people were at work , and most shops were already open .
tr	O	幸亏他欠马克人情，否则他肯定会屈服于那种冲动。
tr	I	The bathroom was spotless and I pushed open the door .
tr	I	We 'd also be more apt to be spotted , but we 'd be more comfortable traveling during the day .
tr	I	Neck then starts saying things in their language and Pen lays her hands on Lark 's leg .
tr	I	He lowered his eyes and I smiled at him .
tr	O	我直视着她深褐色的眼睛，并且它们完全一样。
tr	I	His hand trembled as he downed his glass of champagne , but Malcolm did a fairly good job of hiding his excitement at the info .
tr	O	到目前为止，他们在森林里没有看到任何水，但是他们已经开始听到小溪的声音。
tr	O	那块石头现在几乎是半透明的了，并且那里有奔腾的水光闪烁。
tr	O	很多次他都预料到了动物的行为——灌木丛中受伤的豹子，被逼入绝境的水牛，但是这次不同。
tr	I	He will be done , and one scrape .
tr	O	他对她笑了，并且她也回以微笑。
tr	O	我们试图在其中一个浴室里清理干净，但是我们的衣服仍然很臭。
tr	I	She knew the day would lure even more people to the water 's edge , and a front had pushed warmer air over the island .
tr	O	她是我的雏鸟，并且我是她的生父。
tr	I	She pulled him back , away from the opening , but they were dragging him toward the carriage .
tr	I	A lush jungle had been the last thing on her mind , and barely an hour ago she 'd been in the desert above .
tr	I	It seems she feels the same way about you , and you seemed smitten with your beautiful ward to me .
tr	I	I saw the indecision in his eyes , and he raked a hand through his hair .
tr	O	它们稳定地拍打着，并且尽管有阵风，怪物仍然轻松地悬停在一个地方。
tr	I	The lunch crowd was not there yet and the breakfast crowd was gone .
tr	I	It makes it hard to tell and the sky is particularly ashy today .
tr	O	我也有希望我能以有利可图的方式解决我的生意，并且史蒂文森可以负责处理南方那些恶棍的其余事宜。
tr	I	His men followed suit , and Gaudet pulled his gun .
tr	O	有什么东西触碰了艾什的意识，并且他挺直了身体。
tr	I	I didn 't dare shift my gaze from the guys standing over me , but I sensed Nina stiffening beside me .
tr	I	It was lies , but whenever he spanked her , she 'd made all the right noises .
tr	I	He had no choice , but Buzz didn 't believe for a minute that they would destroy the pictures .
tr	O	也许我并不是像其他人想的那样是个天才，但是至少我足够聪明能取得好成绩。
tr	I	Reuben understood less than half of what they were saying , and Laura got into a discussion with Jim about Teilhard de Chardin .
tr	O	他的目光与她的相遇，并且他的下巴绷得更紧了。
tr	O	我未经考虑就行动了，并且在我行动之后，我便犹豫了。
tr	I	It is part of me , and it feels like I am part of it !
tr	I	The Romans are already on the march from Syria , but he rules from there .
tr	O	她抓住了他的靴子，但是她的目光涣散，茫然地盯着他膝盖之间的虚空。
tr	O	杰克大喊，但是为时已晚。
tr	O	暂时倾听他的心声以便安妮能获得独家内幕是很有诱惑力的，但是我深知插手可能会很危险。
tr	O	我厌倦了追逐你，卡罗琳，但是 我不会停止。
tr	I	If I see another one , our business relationship is over , but I 'm pretty sure I 've vaporized at least three of them .
tr	O	汗水现在点缀着他们的脸，并且 他们脖子上的血管开始在他们苍白的皮肤上凸显出来。
tr	I	It took a lot of willpower not to give in , but I 'm not sure quite how he did it .
tr	O	山姆的妻子安娜也很有魅力，并且 瑞克一边小口喝着他的普罗塞克，一边把注意力放在两位女士身上。
tr	I	That was it , but he taught a large logic class .
tr	I	Few could doubt it now , and he was their brave leader , even against Ship .
tr	O	她已经那样做了两次了，并且 那是极其令人尴尬的。
tr	O	我父亲迅速站了起来，并且 我还没反应过来他就站在了我面前。
tr	O	有时我会发现自己在学校后面的树林里，走向塔楼，并且 我根本不知道我是怎么到那里的。
tr	O	阳光正对着我的脸，并且 我眨了眨眼睛。
tr	I	My Fallen body felt indestructible , and I felt stronger , faster .
tr	I	The space between them decreased and a light grew around Rita .
tr	I	It looked like he was glowing and the sun illuminated his tall , lanky frame .
tr	I	I remembered the dark thing had claimed to know my mother , and I imagined a certain cloying fondness in the endearment it spoke .
tr	I	They stood ready , and their patterns were set .
tr	I	I was beginning to know them and a few of the residents had taken my knitting classes .
tr	O	泪水在我的眼中涌现，并且 我闭上眼睛，看向别处，在他看到它们之前。
tr	O	埃罗尔骄傲地笑了，并且他能看出阿尔米拉的眼睛因嫉妒而眯了起来。
tr	I	He didn 't want anyone else looking after John , but a replacement was doing the daily soldiers ' clinic .
tr	O	她翻了个白眼，但是她仍然在微笑。
tr	O	有人敲了他的门，但是没有人应答。
tr	I	I still felt hatred for them and I didn 't have to live with them .
tr	O	是的，丹尼以为他会回来，但是凯西却确信她的朋友错了。
tr	I	She could not even utter more than a paltry whimper of protest , and the last of her strength had left her .
tr	O	我们都向她道了别，但是我是最后一个和她说话的人。
tr	O	阿拉娜在我来之前是接待员，并且我想那个女孩和我一样讨厌这份工作。
tr	I	The other part was wary , but part of me was excited about finding out what was really happening .
tr	I	I made her model for me in front of a mirror , and I made her go out under the moon .
tr	I	He freed her mouth and she shook her head .
tr	O	麦迪不仅仅是普通女孩，并且我们也不是在进行普通的旅行。
tr	O	捕兽夹不能再长大了，但是还有足够的空间让索尔挤过去。
tr	O	他并非真的这么想，但是他看不到对着水咆哮对她有什么好处。
tr	I	You 'll be fine , and you 're eighteen years old .
tr	I	There was something false , but I 'm probably making too much of how she looked .
tr	O	阿什尔抓住了我的手，并且我们一起冲向走廊尽头。
tr	I	He provided and she needed .
tr	O	他们笑着，并且她似乎更放松了。
tr	O	嗯，她可能会讨厌自己的新造型，但是至少如果她的父亲还活着，她会让他感到骄傲的。
tr	I	The generator didn 't come back on , and seconds ticked by .
tr	I	She wanted it spelled out , but Amy knew what was implied .
tr	I	Though they had elven physiques , they were more like elven silhouettes than the real thing , and they were transparent like a thin layer of mist .
tr	I	He kept thinking hard , but he couldn 't think of much to say to Amy .
tr	O	雷文握住她的手，并且他们一起走了。
tr	O	有出于责任保护你所爱的人，并且还有为了乐趣保护你所爱的人。
tr	I	She laughs again and I tell her so .
tr	I	Once again the shadows drew close , and he tasted ashes in his mouth .
tr	O	她白色实验服的袖子卷到了手肘，并且她的手随着她说话而动。
tr	I	A storm approached and clouds came in .
tr	I	She was glad , and Hayden looked flustered .
tr	I	My hands were shaking with the release and the panicked adrenaline was leaving in droves .
tr	I	His roommates had left town at his request and Except China was dead .
tr	I	The saliva that dripped onto me was thicker than any human 's could have been , and his eyes were beyond me , barely looking .
tr	I	I was going to have to hunt her down , fugitive style and knowing my luck Eleanor had staged a jail break from the center .
tr	O	每周一次，我有一个下午的假期，并且我在这里度过。
tr	O	这一周的休假已经对她有些好处了，但是德文知道这场战斗远未结束。
tr	I	Abbey panicked and he began to close the door again .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to let Sean hurt me too , and I had been hurt too much already .
tr	I	It would be thousands of years before they would once again re-form in their new locations , and the old polar caps were melting .
tr	O	我以前从未真正费心去注意，但是我很喜欢他看人的方式。
tr	I	Talbot came up to the driver 's side window , and McCoy wheeled Boo to the curb .
tr	O	加布说的时候不像是在取笑芬恩，但是感觉就是那样。
tr	O	他是如此正确，并且我终于准备好看到它了。
tr	I	I didn 't want to draw attention by running but I saw a truck following me .
tr	I	They seem to have a good deal of pull and they appear to be quite wealthy .
tr	I	One of my worst fears becomes a reality and there is an eerie calm inside me .
tr	I	If I had any say in it , I 'd be doing it often , and I fit well there .
tr	O	我回过头，但是在我回答之前，一个细小的东西吸引了我的目光。
tr	I	Otherwise I didn 't catch him doing anything suspicious , but he kept checking his phone a lot .
tr	O	他仍然没有完全康复，并且医生们没有说他是否会完全恢复。
tr	I	He accepted it , and I told him what he wanted to hear .
tr	I	The meeting came to an end and Mr Hughes made further positive noises to Rick .
tr	O	那些必须被面对，并且那是一个不同的问题。
tr	I	Her eyes sparkled and Color tinged her cheeks .
tr	I	The seatbelt constricted more , but Kara pushed herself up .
tr	I	She had a soft spot for animals in need , but Kady might sometimes be a self-centered , stuck-up brat .
tr	I	The chain of sigils fell onto the ground and his hand relaxed .
tr	I	He nodded in the end , but Bowman considered a long time .
tr	O	是的，我对TA有感觉，但是爱你。
tr	O	后廊已被拆除，并且门离地面几英尺高。
tr	O	他在她身边时，身体里的震颤感挥之不去，并且他已经因为她失眠了两晚。
tr	I	I paused , unable to sum up the last couple of years into a single statement , and I could hear the authentic sorrow in her voice .
tr	O	对他们隐瞒真相和撒谎不是一回事，但是感觉像我身体无法消化的酸。
tr	I	Warner freezes , his heart racing under my ear , and my left hand slips around his ribs , up his back .
tr	O	它非常技术性，并且我做了大量的笔记。
tr	O	现在不只是我和你了。
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but had I been better at math , I might have even been able to guess exactly how far it was .
tr	I	Troy continued on , and the others nodded .
tr	O	我努力为他挤出笑容，但是我做不到。
tr	I	That seemed to piss off my father even more , and learned more about horses than I 'd thought possible .
tr	O	我的身体麻木了，但是那些声音还在继续说话。
tr	I	His horse , dead , was sprawled over the top , and he was lying half under a driftwood log .
tr	I	I had to , but I knew I shouldn 't have asked .
tr	I	I have Eros , and I 'm safe for now .
tr	I	I was in luck , and I came to the first intersection .
tr	I	Her body responded and she heard a soft growl leave his throat .
tr	I	We can walk and you can drop us off at the Yard .
tr	I	He had to admit he 'd never had reason to feel threatened by it before , but he 'd never been a big believer in the curse .
tr	I	I welcome it into my heart and the frigid air numbs my skin .
tr	O	不允许打架，并且希望大家分担职责。
tr	O	iPod切换到下一首歌曲，并且他因罗伯特·普兰特突然的哀嚎而颤抖，误以为那是女妖。
tr	O	我的视线仍然被泪水模糊，但是谢天谢地，没有更多的泪水涌上来。
tr	I	He cursed it , again , and his cell phone rang as he left the liquor store .
tr	I	He 'd said not a word and it took forever .
tr	O	男孩看着蕾娜，他的眼睛睁得很大，她能看到眼白，但是她点了点头。
tr	I	Letting her in on a private conversation with Vee was taking the idea of courtesy too far , but I was trying my hardest to be civil .
tr	O	她的眼睛因恐惧而睁大，当她看到他的嘴巴张开，并且他的獠牙滑出时。
tr	I	Then she peels out of the parking lot , and she storms over to her Lexus , slamming her car door after she climbs inside .
tr	I	I also have met him in America and we 've talked a lot on telephone .
tr	O	我振作起来，但是我随时都可能放声大笑。
tr	I	She hadn 't expected it to be quite so bad , but she knew Ken wasn 't impressed with the place .
tr	O	他的下嘴唇有点卡住了，并且短暂地露出了他完美的牙齿。
tr	I	They also policed themselves , but they were law abiding .
tr	I	This one was right on par with all the others , and he hadn 't seen one of Ty 's Tshirts in quite a while .
tr	I	Ty could see his body coiling in the moonlight , but the man didn 't respond .
tr	O	《施法者编年史》还有一页，并且我就可以回家了。
tr	O	他再次牵起我的手，并且我们走进了莎拉·梅的店。
tr	O	我知道我需要说些什么，但是这超出了我的预期。
tr	O	桌子因乔徒劳的挣扎而摇晃，并且看起来拼图的一块边缘碎片正在松动。
tr	I	Even as he felt her heart flutter , he pressed her mouth to his throat , and he gave the command .
tr	I	They drank anyway , but nobody knew who they were .
tr	I	She felt herself drifting backward in time and suddenly it was as though the edges of the space began to spin .
tr	I	I feel it in my bones , but I don 't see them die .
tr	I	The rage inside me grew but My Dad tried to calm me down .
tr	I	I knew it and I 'd gone too far .
tr	I	She told me it was all right , and I looked to Avril .
tr	I	We have too much on the line here to go in empty-handed , but I know it 's risky bringing technology from the present with us .
tr	O	他用一只爪子划过她的手臂，并且一道白线随之出现。
tr	I	He wouldn 't have changed anything , but he wasn 't proud of it .
tr	I	She hadn 't even had makeup at his place to hide any of it , and her face was pretty beat-up .
tr	O	他穿着破烂的衣服，但是他存在的完美掩盖了这微小的瑕疵。
tr	I	His tone carried just enough of a challenge to imply doubt in her cooking skills , but a blatant bid to avoid answering .
tr	I	Renton asked the Dutch officer to take a well-deserved coffee break and they managed to convince the crew to find them a private area .
tr	I	The bullets seemed to bounce off the tough scales of the dragons , but they fired off several rounds .
tr	I	That was all that mattered and he could finally leave home .
tr	O	他按下桌下的一个按钮，并且会议室的门滑开了。
tr	I	Not the glaring looks that we 've been getting lately , but there are a few people who give us passing glances .
tr	I	We begin to move cautiously , and Skyla takes up my hand .
tr	O	我向前倒在水槽上，并且眼泪流了下来。
tr	I	She met his gaze straight on , but her eyes widened momentarily with what looked like dismay .
tr	O	想必有亲戚来看望过她，并且病房护士说过些什么。
tr	O	就在那时他们遇到一个坑，并且他们的头差点撞到车顶。
tr	O	他们已经有别的安排了，或者他们就会在这里了。
tr	O	他仍然有着那金色的英俊容貌，但是它们不再像以前那样闪耀了。
tr	O	也许你正在做出选择，但是你做得太晚了。
tr	O	一个滴水声从角落传来，并且整体上有一种潮湿的感觉。
tr	O	她充满渴望地俯视着他，并且他充满欲望地仰视着她。
tr	O	我和卡洛斯一起做了那件事，而且那是一个糟糕的失败。
tr	I	She let her words ride the wave of it and Anger shot through her .
tr	I	He was ready for it and he knew what was coming .
tr	O	我努力想记住更多，但是那只是一连串涌上心头的感觉。
tr	O	我翻阅着照片中其他的面孔，而且我也不记得他们中的任何一个。
tr	I	Nothing she tried worked , but she wanted to help her , get her to wake up , maybe eat again .
tr	I	He didn 't speak , but his eyes met hers .
tr	O	我倒在她脚边的地毯上，并且她轻轻地抚摸我的头发。
tr	O	她知道她的笑容并没有掩盖眼中的痛苦，但是她仍然保持着笑容。
tr	I	I began crying , and mine broke first .
tr	O	妈妈给我空间很好，但是这次不同。
tr	I	He had yet to say a word , and he 'd already started off on the wrong foot .
tr	O	我瘫坐在沙发上，并且有什么东西戳了一下我的背。
tr	I	The house was caught completely unprepared , and we arrived within 20 minutes .
tr	I	She shook her head , and tears started to fill Rachel 's eyes .
tr	I	I sat down at the desk , and eventually my breathing returned to normal .
tr	I	For the helmet , that would 've been her skull ; but a fragment of her helmet lay shattered against the snowy ground .
tr	I	This rider fell as it was sure he must , but it was easy enough if you met it in the saddle .
tr	I	The clear liquid was not a great threat to the brown linen , but his jacket had a damp spot as well .
tr	I	Back , she felt no cold and Sweat trickled down brow .
tr	I	She couldn 't help saying it , but she knew it wouldn 't make him feel any better .
tr	O	他不明白，但是他松了一口气。
tr	O	戴维斯作为他的副手表现得很好，并且格伦有点退居幕后了。
tr	I	Somehow it came out grim , but she meant to sound lighthearted .
tr	O	当我们分别时你只是个被接纳者，并且那没多久之前。
tr	I	Everybody knows it and Olivia is the Resistance Headquarters ' slut .
tr	I	Then the line fell completely silent , and Papers shuffled audibly in the background .
tr	O	我能感觉到他的目光在我身上，但是当我瞪他时他却移开了视线。
tr	I	I think I know the basics but I may not have all the facts .
tr	O	我找了一个搭档，并且我们开采了一段时间。
tr	I	I was struck by the fact that she didn 't look different , and she looked at me .
tr	I	Her heart followed and Lina dropped it .
tr	I	It excited her , and she was struck by sudden vulnerability .
tr	O	她的魔力像指甲刮过他的皮肤一样扫过他，但是无论她施展什么咒语，都没有其他效果。
tr	I	I could see my blood on his tongue and his fangs were still out .
tr	I	Numerous old thick maple trees dotted the yard and the driveway curved slightly .
tr	O	疼痛灼烧着我的皮肤，并且我感觉地狱的烈火正在为我的谎言惩罚我。
tr	O	他也会喜欢管道系统，但是那，当然，是不可能的。
tr	O	主人不相信，但是他来了。
tr	O	我试图利用这一点，但是他只用枪管示意我回到原来的位置。
tr	I	Her body was suddenly alert , and her eyes popped open .
tr	O	他正在追我，并且我们俩都在笑。
tr	O	我们的手碰在一起，并且一股电流从他的触碰窜上我的手臂。
tr	I	Louise 's entire face lit up and John came into the living room .
tr	O	他不知怎么地抓住了托盘，但是她那满满的水壶却被他们的撞击震了一下。
tr	O	他的手腕背面布满了细小的白线，并且他迅速拉下袖子来遮盖它们。
tr	I	The tension drops from Miya 's shoulders and a boy no older than eleven opens it .
tr	O	德文张开嘴想抗议朱利安的说法，但是他又迅速合上了嘴。
tr	O	我与他四目相对，并且他把他的枪扔给了我。
tr	O	我开始脱掉它，但是卡德摩斯制止了我的手。
tr	I	I had none to give , but he waited for my reaction .
tr	O	戴维想用枪指着他们的头，促使他们工作快一点，但是他忍住了这种冲动。
tr	I	I felt strangely calm , and I asked .
tr	I	I blinked back the tears forming in my eyes , and Jack He finished telling me about the night I left .
tr	I	In that instant he saw guilt , and Nick 's gaze locked with Danvers .
tr	O	他们的眉毛因困惑而紧锁，并且我看着克莱尔的目光向下投去，直到她的眼睛突然向上看。
tr	I	That 's all it did , but only the Oneness kept them alive .
tr	I	They jumped apart , and I stumbled back , tripping over a bag in the hallway .
tr	O	这不是一个暑假最好的开始，但是他似乎泰然处之。
tr	I	By then it was too late , but vaguely , Hal heard someone , he thought it was Tasha , cry out a warning of some sort .
tr	I	The largest one immediately stopped the fist that was poised to come down on her again , and the other three men whirled to face them .
tr	I	Kim dropped the subject , and Jake didn 't answer .
tr	O	她问自己，当门关上时，并且她正凝视着窗外明亮的阳光。
tr	O	阿博特几分钟后出现了，并且他不是一个人。
tr	I	Wolves baying around the perimeter , or she supposed she should be grateful that there didn 't appear to be a moat around the property .
tr	I	I felt anger building up again , and his last words threw me off .
tr	I	Something had changed , but she 'd been starry-eyed about vampires back then .
tr	I	He was trying to hide it from me , but he was troubled , that much was clear .
tr	I	A sudden blast of loud music dispelled his thoughts and Jeffrey 's office door opened .
tr	I	She 'd avoided it , but on the drive here , Chase had tried to start a conversation .
tr	I	You wanted to come somewhere very public and you said it was urgent .
tr	I	Cut the headlights and * * * Michael pulled into the driveway .
tr	O	他输入了他的安全密码，并且他们被允许进入。
tr	I	I devoured each of his moans with my lips , and my h * ps met him for each thrust .
tr	O	也许她已经从恶魔蜕变成了幽灵，并且剩下的只是那无形的力量。
tr	I	I was so excited by proxy that it was hard , but I tried not to burble , since she was upset .
tr	O	伊森靴子下的水正在湍急流动，并且他们正进入一阵寒冷而稳定的微风中。
tr	I	A large dent appeared in the keypad , and she swung it as hard as she could .
tr	I	The look I saw on his face makes me hesitate , but I take a step forward to follow him , to see if he 's okay .
tr	O	那辆漫步者轿车从外面看已风光不再，但是它引擎盖下却像小猫一样发出咕噜声。
tr	O	然后我听到窗户破裂了，并且有什么硬物在地板上弹跳。
tr	O	我的手指滑过照片，并且我坚定地咬紧牙关。
tr	O	是米洛的，并且有些事情是不可原谅的。
tr	I	Thad being there without a date made it OK , but being the odd one out was awkward .
tr	O	到目前为止，我所知道的只是我所看到的，并且看起来我又参军了。
tr	O	马赫的手抬起，一把刀飞出，直奔伦诺克斯而去。
tr	O	有一点灰尘，但是这些书被仔细地保存着。
tr	O	亨特对凯德咧嘴笑了笑，并且我真想把他打傻。
tr	O	他遇到了一个女孩，并且我对此一无所知。
tr	O	脉冲护盾承受了大部分伤害，但是这股力量将战士号送入又一次失控的旋转中。
tr	I	I feel no movement at all , but I panic , imagining myself to be shaking , in tremors .
tr	O	妈妈告诉我们，我们都有同一个父亲，但是我不相信她。
tr	I	She gasped and her heart jumped .
tr	O	他恨我，因为我是长子，并且父亲把我留在了德什的第一位。
tr	O	她根本不想看那个男人一眼，更不用说和他说话了，而且她还有那么多工作要做。
tr	O	展现出来的雄性荷尔蒙几乎足以融化冰雪，然而尽管他们竭尽全力，但没有人能跟上杰克的步伐。
tr	I	The first time we met I saw you do that , but I know you haven 't seen many opening done by other keepers .
tr	I	It was enough to open the door for her , but I beat her there by just a few steps .
tr	O	他说出我的名字，而且我回说他的名字。
tr	I	She made the guys feel very welcomed and it was a wonderful hour that we shared with Nana .
tr	I	She wore a content smile and her eyes sparkled .
tr	I	He slowly walked her inside and he pulled her to him .
tr	O	我这里有些不是我的DVD，而且我实在不想为它们买单。
tr	I	It did not lessen the sorrow of parting but he had known for some time that he would be going abroad .
tr	I	My presence obviously disturbed him , but he didn 't seem to recognize me right away .
tr	O	我没告诉任何人，甚至连乔丹都没有，但是光是想到挑选艺术品就让我手心冒汗。
tr	O	他们停止了亲吻，并且酒保高兴地挥了挥手。
tr	O	“康复，并且回到我们身边。”
tr	O	一碰，那么她就会被传送到另一个世界。
tr	O	我无法告诉你我有多享受和你在一起的时光，而且我是认真的。
tr	O	坐在马车里，似乎无处可去的家庭们看着他和塔隆，看着那两个男人走向村庄的马厩。
tr	I	I 'm leaning toward letting the party continue , but I 'm mulling over our options .
tr	O	他需要和她结合，但是他首先有一个承诺要遵守。
tr	O	观众席中传来几声轻笑，并且乔纳森等待着它们平息下来。
tr	O	他可能很帅，但是他绝对很奇怪。
tr	I	She occasionally pushed them back up as she chatted and the thin straps fell off her shoulders .
tr	I	I 'm not a fan of chit-chat , and Eye contact typically invites people into conversations .
tr	O	我爸爸曾经告诉我们这样保存肉，但是我们从来没有尝试过。
tr	I	Janine flew in to help her out , so I 'm going to spend some time with Amanda and Janine 's mother is ill .
tr	I	The tattoo looks new and the ink is stark black .
tr	I	He 's merely a pawn in another man 's charade and he assumes no character other than his own .
tr	I	It shook me , but I only saw it for an instant before passing through to my next life .
tr	I	She would have to leave , and if one of these males died , the rest would realize what she was .
tr	I	She 'd run and she 'd escaped .
tr	O	接下来的几周会很艰苦，而且他成功的唯一机会在于获得新部落的合作。
tr	I	Then we were moving , and suddenly my paws left the ground .
tr	O	我才刚醒来，并且我正面对着这个坐在我床上的撒旦孽种。
tr	O	她在飞机上排练了几种道歉，但是没有一个听起来完全对劲，所以她现在只好即兴发挥了。
tr	O	恐惧战胜了安迪，并且他感觉自己开始迷失了。
tr	I	He caught a glint of recognition and for an instant their eyes met .
tr	I	The darkness had enveloped the cliff , and the sun had at last disappeared .
tr	I	She could not think , but she struggled to understand .
tr	O	我的一部分觉得卡尔顿听起来很熟悉，但是我却想不起来它是什么。
tr	O	他没有发现任何猎人，或者甚至也没有发现有人过于专注地看着他们。
tr	O	他碰了朱莉的手，并且他们的手指紧紧握在了一起。
tr	O	你的脊椎被甩得很厉害，但是幸运的是你只受了几处椎骨挫伤。
tr	I	The other muscles used in each stroke and Alex put her friend through several workouts to strengthen her arms .
tr	O	沃尔特可能已经提交了飞往加州的飞行计划，但是他肯定知道我们会追踪到。
tr	I	It seemed he 'd missed his chance , but he 'd been keeping a big canvas laundry bag just inside his back door .
tr	O	她有一次摸了我的屁股，而且我有点吓了一跳。
tr	I	No sound comes out and my mouth falls open .
tr	O	芬恩几次想说些什么，但是只有他的手成功了。
tr	I	When Chloe sang , people listened , but that sounded like a bizarre combination .
tr	O	仿佛我被丢进了一片冬季的白茫茫，一场暴风雪，然而我却没有感到冷。
tr	O	那是星期六，而且镇上很热闹。
tr	I	My mom sticks her head in , and a knock sounds at my door .
tr	I	I breathed a sigh of relief , and at last they turned right , onto an easier path .
tr	O	他们到达了森林，而且那就是我所知道的全部了。
tr	O	他知道自己的头发翘起来了，而且他不在乎。
tr	I	Budda wasn 't discouraged , but it might take a bit longer to locate his sister .
tr	O	然后她的礼服就掉在地上了，而且她正站在热水喷头下。
tr	I	Water dripping from my hair diluted my tears , but I think I did cry a little bit .
tr	O	那显然是个古董，而且它在月光下闪闪发光。
tr	I	Surely they wouldn 't be represented in the Festival Office , but we had all heard stories of the Communist presence in certain trade unions .
tr	I	When I coax her lips open with my tongue , she moans , but she laughs against my mouth .
tr	I	The damn woman was already gone , but Simon opened his mouth to speak .
tr	I	I hope in this case you 'll agree with me , but I realize that my idea of the right thing isn 't always everyone else 's .
tr	O	费利克斯咕哝着，并且我呻吟着。
tr	O	他抬起头，并且她同时退缩了。
tr	O	我有一个记忆，并且现在我甚至不觉得头晕。
tr	I	Herself as possible and Zoe moved quickly to follow the hostess , putting as much distance between Marco .
tr	O	我什么都做不好，而且她会告诉我我有多没用。
tr	O	有些人认为我们让伊娃·罗伯茨离开是错误的，但是事实上互联网正在提供自己的侧写讨论。
tr	O	她没有关注劳雷尔的工作时间表，而且她的工时似乎每周都在变。
tr	I	I giggled as he stumbled on a perfectly straight step and Bastian patted his pocket for the keys .
tr	O	它一开始吓到了他们，但是他们习惯了。
tr	O	安娜一直很喜欢看它，但是它今天没有给她带来任何乐趣。
tr	O	她准确地描述了他的感受，并且他心潮澎湃。
tr	I	In his narrow world , it didn 't matter , but none of it made sense .
tr	I	As he reaches up to knock again , I open the door , and he 's glancing over his shoulder at something I can 't see .
tr	I	Shawn realized he was no master at relationships himself , but Jenny said Seth had trouble holding on to friendships .
tr	O	凯莉知道霍利迪言出必行，并且她对她的忠诚感激不尽。
tr	I	This time blood trickled from the side of his mouth and he coughed yet again .
tr	O	她不确定是谁先倾身向前，但是不知怎么的，她发现自己沉浸在一个美妙的吻中。
tr	O	她不想承认，但是她今天有点做得过头了。
tr	I	She clapped cheerfully at the end , and he was a reasonable player on both .
tr	O	艾什拉开她的卫衣拉链，并且我来做剩下的。
tr	O	那种不减的压力仍然存在，但是我工作的时间越长，它就越不困扰我。
tr	I	She wasn 't going to take the chance , but she didn 't know if anyone was looking .
tr	O	我已经做了我所能做的一切来准备，但是归根结底是我不确定会发生什么。
tr	I	There was nothing that she couldn 't do with it , and give the woman a computer .
tr	I	I ducked out of its way with ease , but he threw one of the knives .
tr	O	那些恶棍被打乱了阵脚，并且我正好知道该怎么做。
tr	I	The sun toasted his bare back and the hot sand seeped into his sandals .
tr	O	画廊的第二天似乎持续了永远，并且曼迪的兴奋随着一天的进展而高涨。
tr	I	I knew it would land right where Jude intended it to land , but it had a good few seconds of hang time .
tr	O	我再也不想没有卢卡了，并且那个想法，那种情感，让我震惊。
tr	I	His lips coming closer to mine , and all I knew were those beautiful eyes .
tr	I	The dream faded around us , and I took the hint .
tr	I	He 's actually smiling as if we 're about to have a long lunch and we shake hands like old friends .
tr	O	凑近看，我寻找针脚痕迹以确认它是手术疤痕，但是我什么也没看到。
tr	O	她看起来很糟糕，并且她知道这一点。
tr	O	一个轻咬我的脚踝，并且我跳了起来，险些没被咬到。
tr	O	他多年前玩过它，但是他现在长大了。
tr	O	我在这里翻找我的薪水，然而我的妈妈付不起我的工资。
tr	I	Sam joined her and she laughed .
tr	O	安德鲁只需要熬过春天，但是显然他等不了那么久。
tr	I	He didn 't want to lie to her , and he 'd told her as much of the truth as he could .
tr	O	这很遗憾，但是生活还要继续。
tr	I	He starts to eat , taking small bites of his food , and after a while I let him go .
tr	O	她的心跳加速，并且她一时语塞。
tr	I	The firelight turned her glasses into glowing orbs , and she was wearing a sweatshirt embroidered with kittens .
tr	O	他轻弹手腕，并且他身后的所有衣柜门都打开了。
tr	I	It 's nice not to be wrapped in absolute darkness but my eyes feel a bit blinded by the white light .
tr	O	我被警告说那天晚上会有额外的保护，但是那里的人比我预期的要多一些。
tr	O	他们威胁要进行破坏，并且它果然发生了。
tr	O	房屋很快变成了商店，并且随后一些咖啡馆开始出现了。
tr	O	这只鸟想移动，并且寻找平衡点很困难。
tr	O	它已经成为美国休假士兵的热门目的地，并且一些酒店已被预留给占领军使用。
tr	I	Melissa had a pretty thin grasp on reality at times , but not that he could blame her .
tr	I	I clutched his shoulders and my blood boiled .
tr	I	He just frowned at her , but she asked .
tr	O	他的武器咔哒一声，并且他的脸红了。
tr	O	火有帮助，但是只有离它最近的人才能感受到热量的直接影响。
tr	O	他轻轻地笑了，脸上保持着温暖的笑容，并且我像花朵向着阳光一样，向他倾斜过去。
tr	I	I didn 't think she should come alone , and I couldn 't talk her out of it .
tr	I	I 'd vowed to never let anyone know , and I knew they belonged to Shayne .
tr	I	He slowed down when he got to the new guy who patted him , but he started running home .
tr	O	我回答道，并且令人惊讶地，这引得满屋子的人都笑了，甚至奥利维亚也露出了笑容。
tr	O	我们不再害怕前方的一切，并且没有再说什么消极的话，我们讨论了我们的路线。
tr	I	I could swear I saw his lips quiver and he gave me a quick glance .
tr	I	This was something different , but we 'd al seen Riley lose his temper .
tr	O	我会在酒店，并且我正在带一个团队过来，既然事态已经发展到我们现在这个地步。
tr	I	The retreating forces were ordered to clear out any houses they came across to prevent snipers from attacking , and along Battle Road there were many skirmishes .
tr	O	他说我会感觉好些的方式让我觉得不舒服，但是我无法争辩。
tr	I	I think we 've tightened the situation remarkably and the sharpness depends on a variety of factors .
tr	I	I hated losing almost as much as I hated beer but it was a stupid game .
tr	I	The very essence of life itself and they have gone far in unlocking Natures secrets .
tr	I	None looked serious , but there were a lot of injured people .
tr	I	Unable to stop herself but she laughed softly , invitingly , knowing she shouldn 't .
tr	I	James doesn 't stop me ... and I leave the kitchen , heading for our room .
tr	O	她的朋友们似乎都是她的忠实追随者，并且那也是他们从那天起一直谈论的全部。
tr	I	Its steel petals opened like the iris on a camera , and a snap of an electrical circuit sounded from the silo door .
tr	O	我现在头发很糟糕，并且我不得不喝那个糟糕的奶昔。
tr	I	In his movements there was this playfulness , so much like I remembered , but Strength bunched in the muscles rippling along his shoulders .
tr	I	It seemed to be his only option with a police car rapidly approaching to his left , but there was a high chain-link fence to his right .
tr	O	她走下了三级台阶，并且世界突然在她眼前旋转起来。
tr	O	你差不多两个月前到家了，并且这段时间一直都很糟糕。
tr	O	黛拉看起来不怎么高兴，但是她很好地掩饰住了。
tr	O	他的身体从椅子两侧溢出，并且他的头似乎没有脖子就连接到身体上。
tr	O	他能找到她，但是这会花费时间。
tr	I	We were nowhere near the first floor but the elevator was still moving .
tr	O	他关掉了空调，并且四个窗户都摇下来了。
tr	I	I 'll come by your place or I 'll be back at school soon .
tr	I	She runs away from me screaming and I 'll die if I don 't get one more taste of her .
tr	I	He would endure the worst of the worst for her , and Annabelle had become the most important part of his life .
tr	I	Verity found herself staring at an insubstantial dream image of the bed and he spun her around .
tr	I	I forced a smile , but I shuddered to think what he might have cooked up for me .
tr	I	She did not look moved and Annabelle did not look surprised .
tr	I	They were building it and it was the pulse canon plans .
tr	I	She began to talk ... and he reached out again .
tr	I	I saw the sliver of a smile form and Bryan 's features softened .
tr	I	He 'd lost then , too and they 'd argued that point before .
tr	O	他清楚地知道她要引向何方，然而他却无力阻止这场对话。
tr	I	Panic seized me , and he rarely called .
tr	I	His looming posture didn 't help her mood any , but the stance was obviously intended to be respectful .
tr	I	The memories of billions upon billions of lives would have been obliterated and if we had not acted quickly , we might have been destroyed .
tr	O	我不知道这会把我们带到哪里，但是希望它离宗教裁判所足够远。
tr	I	The warden didn 't want to admit it , and this was obviously a screwup .
tr	I	It wasn 't Rene , and I did know who made Aubrey .
tr	O	一群女孩走了过去，并且特伦顿的目光集中在其中一人身上。
tr	I	I ignored him but Eddie called my cell a few times .
tr	I	No woman could be that much of an actress and she 'd been too unskilled at just about everything .
tr	I	I was suddenly quite grateful that it was the weekend , and my pulse quickened in response .
tr	O	我怀疑这个问题不是冲着我来的，但是我还是回答了。
tr	O	我没有考虑过这一点，但是那不是重点。
tr	O	水的颜色像血，并且马匹像大海一样红。
tr	O	他在黑板上写字，并且我发出呻吟，明显地退缩了。
tr	O	动动你的脑筋，并且你就会没事的。
tr	O	这让我心如刀绞，因为阿什利是如此好的朋友，并且我无法回报这份情谊。
tr	O	我很生气，并且我能感觉到我的血压升高了。
tr	O	我朝他看过去，但是他仍然专心地盯着他的兄弟。
tr	I	Instead he wanted her to go away , but she 'd given him plenty of opportunity to engage with her .
tr	O	她的身材比普通女大学生更丰满，但是我喜欢这一点。
tr	I	The red power light faded and Ivan switched his camera off .
tr	O	她自己的心头涌起一丝喜悦，并且她想知道，在他的内心深处，他是否也是如此。
tr	I	When he was done , all were identical , and he bent them the way he wanted them .
tr	O	我不知道他们谈了什么，但是他们在外面待了足足二十分钟。
tr	O	吃了一顿像样的早餐后，我通常不会脾气暴躁，但是我哥哥总有办法惹我生气。
tr	I	She recovered quickly , but Aislinn was obviously taken aback .
tr	I	Even though he was holding my hand , it was like I was invisible , and I walked into school with Zach .
tr	I	He smiled , abruptly returning to his show , and Recognition dawned on Morgan 's face .
tr	I	She did drop the beat and the storm hit with such force Isabella nearly dropped her drumsticks .
tr	I	I selfishly want it again and it did once with Luke .
tr	O	她看着他的时候，眼睛睁得大大的，并且他知道她在想他是如何把他们从一滩缠绕的肢体中救出来的。
tr	I	Ready to bind us for all eternity to this spot and I hold the marble above my head .
tr	I	He had no words , but he turned to Ashley .
tr	O	又沉默了好几分钟，并且邦妮接着把重心移向门边。
tr	O	犬科动物，黑豹，兔子，并且一只半熊半驼鹿的动物。
tr	I	Someone had a wireless playing and there were vases of flowers on various surfaces .
tr	O	那也是我的笑话，并且我一点也不觉得好笑。
tr	O	他像个疯子一样咧着嘴笑，但是当他看到我的脸时，那笑容就变了。
tr	I	I didn 't question him , but his eyes were hard to see in the darkness .
tr	O	她曾经走过一个巢穴，并且她父亲花了数小时才让她平静下来。
tr	O	我从不确定这种能力能达到多远，但是至少我知道尖爪已经消失了。
tr	I	I get up anyway , but an expedition seems unlikely .
tr	I	As soon as it stopped , my head plopped down , feeling the crack on my skull , and the images hit me like a breeze .
tr	I	The devil on my shoulder needed no encouragement , and she 'd tell me to screw him ASAP .
tr	O	嗯，实际的栅栏不是什么大问题，但是暴露在众人面前可能会是一个更大的问题。
tr	O	我向前凑过去想吻他的唇，但是他把头向后缩了。
tr	I	My hand rubbed his stomach , and his hands stroked my thigh as he watched the movie .
tr	I	She shook it free , and it spilled in dark waves around her shoulders .
tr	I	He looked high into the sky at the sun and the wind started blowing .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell if he knew that I 'd heard him , and his voice was low .
tr	I	He looked at me with a lopsided smirk and I turned around .
tr	I	She hadn 't fought him , hadn 't pulled away , yet she had been aware of his thoughts .
tr	O	他把一根手指伸进我体内，并且我僵住了。
tr	I	It looked like all 200 were coming and I think we had invited 200 guests .
tr	I	There was nothing I could do to stop it at this point , but I whined , knowing I was being a baby .
tr	I	Her eyes lock on mine , and then she finds me .
tr	I	A minute later he was knocking on the door again and he drove back to Jackson 's house .
tr	O	利亚姆用他的解剖刀触碰她已经割伤的脖子，并且肖恩无法停止他的咆哮。
tr	I	I didn 't dare move but I wanted to cringe .
tr	I	He 'd seemed too hung-over to pretend , but it might have been one big act .
tr	O	妈妈为我看了几件，但是她说那些不适合我的风格。
tr	I	It 's true , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	她看起来像个饥荒受害者，并且看到她如此脆弱让他感到害怕。
tr	I	She didn 't want to reveal that to Veronica , but she 'd meant that it was a safe bet that they wouldn 't run into Jake .
tr	I	It was too late , but Ted hit the brakes .
tr	O	她透过睫毛朝我瞥了一眼，并且我意识到她就是那种喜欢争夺男孩注意力的女孩。
tr	O	我吞了吞口水，但是我的嘴巴突然感觉像吞了一堆沙子。
tr	O	我想问关于凯特的事，但是我想不显得这困扰着我。
tr	I	She felt like a fairy princess in it and it was gorgeous .
tr	I	You care for the twins , and because you care for Kate .
tr	I	I looked up to see her holding the elevator doors open , and she cleared her throat .
tr	O	他很生气，但是他还是做了。
tr	I	There was no sign of Rock but she could see into the room .
tr	O	人们在酒精的影响下往往会放松警惕，并且我想听听他们会说什么。
tr	I	Leo hoped she was the friend of Mac 's mother , but actually , she was being pulled by another woman .
tr	I	No matter how hard I tried , I could never duplicate that , and a mom 's hug just felt different .
tr	I	Neither one reached for the other , but their shoulders touched .
tr	I	Jamie gave the driver the address , and they caught a cab .
tr	I	There was no fresh-cut grass about him , but he smelled like the woods , like I 'd originally guessed .
tr	I	We 're going to the concert hall , but don 't get me wrong , your clothes are cute .
tr	O	艾登在技术上是正确的，但是最终，他的父母并没有被转化。
tr	I	Nobody was going to come between us and we were together .
tr	O	它可能不是，但是会更暖和。
tr	I	She realised how close they were , and Evie caught a glimpse of a very tall palm tree stretching towards the sky .
tr	O	一个巨大的肿块卡在她的喉咙里，并且她竭力克制自己不向他保证她再也不会逃跑。
tr	O	她的目光越过他的肩膀投向窗外，并且她看到了太阳投下的阴影是如何在地板上移动的。
tr	O	她的嘴巴发干，并且她的思绪一片空白。
tr	I	I bury a laugh in my chest , and she darts her pale eyes to mine .
tr	I	I managed to get the anchor up , leaving it lying on deck , but the bow of the boat was slippery with blood .
tr	I	I think you 're started , but that 's up to you .
tr	O	你是今天下午的预定发言人，但是你将只需要回答问题。
tr	I	Police have blocked the area within a five mile radius and the Stock Exchange has been sealed off from the public .
tr	I	All was in balance again with the night creatures but his mind was constantly processing the sounds around him in alert mode .
tr	O	雅内尔央求她的心跳放慢，因为他们经过了一群快餐店，但是它仍然像汽车引擎一样飞速跳动。
tr	O	我向迪娜喊道，闪光粉不在这里，并且她坚持说我们只是没有足够努力地寻找。
tr	I	The situation demanded it , but she realized that at fourteen she really shouldn 't be concerned with motherhood .
tr	I	With this I knew I had won my first battle and she looked like she could cry anytime .
tr	I	I couldn 't understand why she would do that , and I was speechless as to what I just saw .
tr	O	他的手指很冷，并且我甚至在渴望更多的时候也颤抖。
tr	I	Instead he might have played a role in driving her away , and he 'd have done anything to keep his little sister safe .
tr	I	His lips met mine , and he lifted my chin .
tr	I	I 'm not listening but Piers comments back on what I said earlier .
tr	I	I was feeling encouraged , and except that our strained relationship showed recent signs of improvement .
tr	O	我盲目地移动，但是我在移动。
tr	O	资深优等生说道，带着一丝嘲讽，但是他们能听出他心不在焉。
tr	O	我理解你受过伤，并且自我保护的需求可能会令人耗费心神。
tr	O	这是他没有选择法律专业的原因之一，那和他不适合戴假发。
tr	O	走道空无一人，但是花园并非如此。
tr	I	You avail yourself and I am available .
tr	O	我全身僵硬，并且我悄悄吸了一口气。
tr	O	现在是七月下旬，并且气温令人难以忍受。
tr	O	她不说话，但是她扬起的眉毛说明了一切——留下。
tr	O	她就是不知怎的知道他们希望她这样做，而且，当然，她想听到更多关于安雅的事情。
tr	O	内尔的嘴唇抿紧，并且她沉默了片刻。
tr	I	She was sound asleep and her eyes were closed .
tr	O	奶奶没有意识到它们不是阿司匹林这个事实，但是诺亚已经确保她知道了这件事。
tr	I	The men 's eyes widen as she starts to pounce towards them , and she changes direction .
tr	I	Charles let go and Lola tugged at her leash .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it but it was cruel of me to jump to conclusions about the guy .
tr	I	Neither one of us would take that first step , but he was less than four feet away from me .
tr	I	The darkness had passed , but Callista spun once again .
tr	O	达里恩开始和他们一起走，但是卢坎拉住了他，一只手紧紧地按在他儿子肌肉发达的肩膀上。
tr	I	Gabe stands in the doorway , and the door swings open then , without a knock .
tr	I	I sat at the table to eat it , but I finally went over any filled a plate .
tr	O	已经过去这么多年了，但是他仍然记得我！
tr	I	She was observant but Georgia may be a pain in the ass .
tr	O	阵型已经瓦解成一片混乱，并且她完全暴露了出来。
tr	I	I wish you luck , but I think that you are out of your mind for this .
tr	O	他的眼神几乎让我心碎，并且我不得不移开视线。
tr	I	She dove toward the treasures and her feet hit the floor .
tr	O	他的脸离我只有几英寸，并且他眼中的欲望让我的骨头都化成了液体。
tr	O	他们没有像蝙蝠洞一样隐藏地址，然而他们不常在瓦尔霍尔遇到闯入者。
tr	O	他看向珍妮，并且她在他蹒跚走出时对他眨了眨眼。
tr	O	我的父母没有搞砸，并且如果我搞砸了，我不能再责怪他们了。
tr	O	一声轻笑从她嘴边溜出，并且她的眼睛又颤动着睁开了。
tr	I	It made me feel special and they all agreed with her .
tr	I	That meant I might never know more than I did now about him , and I accepted the reality of his life .
tr	I	It appeared blank of all visible emotions , but I scanned the stranger 's face , looking for any sign of hostility .
tr	I	The giants ushered us in that direction as well , and the dinner party guests had been herded into a tight group out on the lawn .
tr	I	He didn 't say a word , but the hint of a smile flitted across Corcoran 's lips .
tr	I	It 's too late , but Luca grabs for me .
tr	O	他是对的，但是我绝不可能用回应来给它体面。
tr	I	It darkens our spirits , and a rumour has come before it , out of the shadows of Men 's minds .
tr	I	Frankly he was too afraid to take the time anyway , and he knew there was no time to cover his tracks .
tr	I	I was relieved , and he pulled his shirt off .
tr	O	那似乎抹去了他脸上的得意表情，并且他把目光从我身上移开，看向死神。
tr	O	它只是个婴儿，并且它不懂事。
tr	O	她把手捂在嘴上，想忍住笑声，但是没有成功。
tr	I	We reserve the rooms just to be sure , but hopefully , it won 't take that long .
tr	O	她的秘密一直保守着，而且她非常感谢能有如此信任的朋友。
tr	O	我们把它们带来了，并且它们在这里繁殖得非常快。
tr	O	我们五人转向各自指定的方向，并且我们都加速到接近音速。
tr	I	This time when Finch took hold of her arm , she could feel his fingers digging into her flesh , and Butch complained .
tr	O	我的脚飞奔向我的小屋，并且我用尽全力推门。
tr	O	我太想了解他那一部分了，但是我不能问那个问题。
tr	I	Crimson knew enough about me to know that , and I wasn 't really one for playing games .
tr	O	我甚至不能和朱丽安娜谈论这件事，因为你现在有了新的家庭，而且她不想要消极情绪。
tr	O	臀部形态完美，并且甚至还有一个肛门。
tr	O	他的指尖触及了裸露的皮肤，并且他发出一声尖锐刺耳的喘息。
tr	I	Together they rolled it down over the thick , throbbing length and Zach helped guide the condom in her hand to his erect shaft .
tr	I	Lissa knew it , too and Alex had implied as much .
tr	O	1984年3月11日星期日，丹尼从视频拍摄地回来了，并且绊倒在他房间的杂物上，回想起了凯瑟琳的建议。
tr	I	I know that the servants will respect you more for it , and it was well done of you , Becky .
tr	I	She had no reason to hang around but Jackson wouldn 't be home for hours .
tr	O	谢尔盖每次发生这种情况时都会微笑，但是他克制自己没有处决他们。
tr	I	I 'm not , but I 'm dreaming .
tr	I	I always thought his driveway was a little creepy , but I 'd never tell anyone .
tr	O	她放下了眉毛，并且他逃离了商店。
tr	I	His eyes flutter open , and Elder 's bed dips .
tr	I	That seemed to bring him in check , and Mrs. North 's eyes widened in obvious hurt .
tr	I	There wasn 't any answer but picking it up , he 'd called her house .
tr	I	The way she was dressed today reinforced the image , and she always reminded Anne of a fairy tale princess .
tr	I	You were the only person I knew to call and I got home to a nak * d Gramps last night .
tr	O	她笑了，并且她的脸再次变得生动起来。
tr	O	这不是飞机，并且你也不是飞行员。
tr	O	恐慌涌上他心头，并且他迅速更用力地推。
tr	O	紧迫感压迫着她，并且她的语气比她预想的更加尖锐。
tr	I	He did not want to take any risks with extra people on board , and it was his first take-off from such a small field .
tr	O	星期六晚上，但是当我更详细地问他时，他说他很确定不会晚于晚上7点。
tr	O	双胞胎有点惊讶，但是我没觉得自己真的惊讶。
tr	I	Still my son died , but I love my children .
tr	I	Blue rose on the grave of Kateri 's grandfather , and they always went there to put a red , white .
tr	I	Voices fall silent throughout the main hall and their sullen eyes are glued on me now .
tr	I	Then he returned her smile with one even brighter than before , and it took him a moment to process what she was saying .
tr	O	他觉得它们是一种高贵的动物，并且它们现在在美国濒临灭绝。
tr	O	我失去了兴趣，并且他们也失去了兴趣。
tr	I	I even try and I can rhyme .
tr	I	She reached again for the pieces , and tears slid down Beth 's cheeks .
tr	I	She didn 't have the strength to push his hands away , but she inhaled sharply at his touch .
tr	I	She passed them to the little boy and I placed them in Georgina 's hand .
tr	O	感觉好像已经过了好几年，而不是几天，并且安娜通过她发出的响亮呻吟让托马斯知道了这一点。
tr	O	他的帽子掉了，并且他摸索着寻找它。
tr	O	就在一分钟前，树木还生机勃勃，并且有些结着诱人的果实。
tr	I	He was nowhere around but this was Ramirez 's moment to shine .
tr	O	他曾告诉我我疯狂地爱着詹姆斯，但是他没说詹姆斯也爱我。
tr	I	Now she was his worst enemy and this had been his favorite person in the whole world .
tr	I	A thick brown leather belt round her waist to hold her pouches , and today she wore a tan tunic with navy trim , navy hose .
tr	O	船长回到了舵位，并且天刚蒙蒙亮。
tr	I	He began to devour and his tongue moved over her clit .
tr	I	I 'm not going to bother you ever again and I 'm walking away .
tr	I	Her skin very pale and her figure was full .
tr	I	I will force you or you will give them to me .
tr	O	我以前从未去过保罗的家，并且我惊讶地发现它非常巨大。
tr	O	他随意地抓起一把扫帚，好像他要开始打扫一样，但是利亚姆注意到那把扫帚的把手异常粗壮。
tr	O	最好换掉那些衣服，或者你肯定会被抓住。
tr	I	He was all mine , and he was a god among teenagers .
tr	O	我想让你知道我需要一些帮助，而且你是我仅剩的几个朋友之一。
tr	O	这次传送门卡住了，并且门再次打开，露出了一个中央放着一个箱子的小房间。
tr	I	I leaped at him anyway , but I guess it 's possible that it could 've been some other kind of lanky Eye with dark curly hair .
tr	O	艾米说奥赖恩对一切都有计划，而且我也开始觉得我应该有一个了。
tr	O	我对这种公开示 affection 有点惊讶，但是当我指出来时，德雷克只是咧嘴一笑。
tr	I	He knew that nothing would ever compare to her , and Never in his life had he felt anything as wonderful as she was .
tr	O	他向房间里的吸血鬼们做了个手势，并且他的声音温柔、理性。
tr	O	我听着丹尼向我父母透露细节，但是我觉得自己仿佛置身于迷雾之中。
tr	O	他没有放开她，但是弯下腰轻轻吻她。
tr	I	Alas she had no say in the matter , but she thought she would much rather suffer poor Brin 's fate than endure such a husband .
tr	I	I 've been leading us through a lot of these narrow paths unnecessarily , but I don 't know if she 's noticed .
tr	I	Larry walked in , and the door opened .
tr	O	德文又一次伸出手去抓她，但是她已经从他身边移开了。
tr	I	We headed for the door and I scooped the dog into my arms .
tr	O	我的眼睛闪了一下，并且洛根的手臂开始颤抖，脸色铁青。
tr	I	We land in a lane of slow-moving traffic , and he exits the highway .
tr	O	有人需要帮助，需要保护，并且如果他让别人死去，他会良心不安。
tr	O	小塞琳娜显然正在学习嫉妒的含义，并且这让她很不舒服。
tr	O	那可能是一个冒犯性的职场问题，但是它不是。
tr	I	She looked at me and I looked at her .
tr	O	它几乎没有提供任何保护，让他们暴露无遗，但是入侵者不应该在这一边。
tr	I	She saw Eve shivering , too , and the cold chill stayed around her .
tr	O	海洋相对平静，并且他们俩都没有晕船。
tr	I	I think this choice now belongs to you , but I will choose if I must .
tr	I	An eagle fell , and he fired a second time .
tr	O	如果你不期待变化，你就不能成为一个牧场主，但是蔡斯是这些变化的一部分这一事实让她发疯。
tr	I	Awareness chased it away , but joy , there was always joy for an instant whenever I saw her .
tr	O	我交叉双臂抱在胸前，并且杰森摇了摇头，好像他想把头脑清醒过来。
tr	I	You 're forgetting one thing but I do need to show my support of the Governor .
tr	O	他奖励了她，并且她立刻就蓬勃发展起来。
tr	I	The three of us were crammed inside on the floor , and the door of the phone booth had been pulled closed .
tr	I	Her eyes were sharp with hatred , but Felice shut her mouth .
tr	O	他紧咬着下巴，并且我能看出他不得不努力忍住，不让仅仅是这个记忆就让他哽咽。
tr	I	He shook it and I held up my hand .
tr	I	He wouldn 't tell her the truth , either , but he couldn 't lie .
tr	I	I wander back through the city 's streets on trembling legs , and then he leaves me alone .
tr	O	门打开了，并且立刻，热风刮过我的脸。
tr	I	You 're ready now , but maybe you weren 't ready to do that before .
tr	O	他们都穿着同样的衣服，但是他们不可能都对这种狂欢氛围感到自在。
tr	I	It was mostly in one piece , but the Stargazer was a mess .
tr	O	鲜血溅到她身上，温热如泪，并且她利用杠杆力把他掀翻了。
tr	I	Jackson seized upon her silence and the memory made her pause too long .
tr	O	短暂的永恒之后，他们站在坚实的地面上，面对着一个中等大小的洞穴，并且埃琳娜跪了下来。
tr	I	Alessa left , inwardly terrified , and she stood up .
tr	O	我们停在了我最喜欢的地方之一，并且我早该知道我未来的海洋生物学家也会喜欢这里。
tr	O	一缕长卷发从她的马尾辫中散落出来，并且她把那缕头发掖到耳后。
tr	O	我这里的敌人是人类，并且不太精通黑暗魔法。
tr	O	它以前并不好，并且现在我失忆了，它也根本就不是什么值得为之奋斗的东西了。
tr	I	It was standing next to the bed and he opened his eyes .
tr	I	They hadn 't nicked him but the case could be closed .
tr	O	材料很束缚，但是她不在乎。
tr	O	这会是许多世代相传故事的支柱，并且这次坠落也不会有什么不同。
tr	I	Paul heard him announce himself and Ed flew into the brush .
tr	I	Daniel 's face began to crumble , tears swimming in his eyes and now Ryland sounded sterner than ever .
tr	O	罗伯特用低沉的声音问，低到斯隆必须费力才能听到，并且她错过了弗兰克的回答。
tr	O	他开始开车回家，但是30分钟后他意识到那里对他来说已一无所有，并且他不想回去了。
tr	I	It wasn 't unpleasant , either , but it wasn 't familiar per se .
tr	O	克莱尔只剩下二十分钟，她的第一个剪发客户就要来了，但是她却无法抽身。
tr	I	He trusted himself to speak , and Buck 's mind had begun to clear .
tr	O	我吸入一口气，并且冰冷的空气让我的肺部感觉很好。
tr	O	她从未向她母亲提起她拿走了它，并且她母亲也从未问过它的下落。
tr	I	That ache in her chest made it impossible to walk away , but she didn 't have the right to ask him for anything .
tr	O	我们在我的储物柜旁，并且迈克尔在我换书时站在我旁边。
tr	I	I like working here , but yes , I do own the diner .
tr	I	She was extremely annoyed about that , and she was sipping a Mickey 's cola which she had actually had to pay for .
tr	I	Her blue eyes peek back at me from over her shoulder , but Ivy 's body stays turned .
tr	O	CDC的人早些时候把她赶了出去，但是现在她也许可以回去了。
tr	O	他们可以看到机场的周边，但是他还不确定他们是否安全。
tr	O	这听起来可能有点像父亲的口吻，但是我为你感到骄傲。
tr	O	他的头发乱蓬蓬的，而且他脸上有一层好看的阴影。
tr	O	霍莉又笑了，但是她随即停了下来。
tr	I	We followed her shadow and she invited us inside .
tr	O	他又多看了我和我的裙子一会儿。
tr	O	你和人类签订了契约，而且她的孩子竟然是个治疗师。
tr	O	我看着周围的人，而且没有人与我对视。
tr	O	他们都同意有事情发生，但是他们不知道是什么。
tr	I	He was surprised how much lighter she felt , but he rose to his feet , lifting her with him .
tr	I	No one raised their hand , but I glanced around .
tr	O	奇怪的是我不再记得我穿了什么，但是我清楚我选择得很仔细，预料到会有一场会议。
tr	O	汗水顺着她的太阳穴滴落，并且伊芙不耐烦地擦掉了它。
tr	O	几十双眼睛盯着我们，并且谷仓突然显得太小了。
tr	I	I can 't muster the voice to call back to her but it 's Cherry .
tr	O	它们的叮咬很少致命，但是我听过许多关于可怕死亡的夸张故事。
tr	O	他们在一个燕尾服店，浏览着西装，并且我徒劳地绞尽脑汁想弄明白。
tr	O	我在网上查了你，并且有太多和你同名的女人。
tr	O	我做兼职，但是因为学业我受到了限制。
tr	O	我想让他们停下来，但是我却说不出话。
tr	O	她的呻吟声在树林中回荡，并且她的呼吸在空气中变得粗重。
tr	I	Diego lifted his hand in answer , and Xavier waved when he saw Diego spot him .
tr	I	I couldn 't really enjoy it , but I should have been happy that I was finally working on my dream project .
tr	O	你不可能是认真的，并且你也无法成功完成这件事。
tr	O	他把她领回客厅，并且她便在沙发上坐下，肯则在煮咖啡。
tr	I	They straightened up a bit and their eyes widened .
tr	I	Now he was part of the project too , and this is part of Williams 's project .
tr	O	他的声音在最后几个字上哽咽了，并且他看起来像是要哭了。
tr	I	I came home and anyway they cut me loose after that .
tr	I	It wasn 't unexpected , but it wasn 't welcome .
tr	O	那边的房间空无一人，但是一个金色的祭坛却立在房间中央。
tr	O	珀耳塞福涅说，并且尽管她的声音中仍带着一丝锐利，她的表情却柔和了下来。
tr	O	豪华轿车开到酒店入口处，并且司机打开后门让她下车。
tr	O	我很抱歉，但是Kiko又在像个小屁孩一样胡闹了，别担心，爸爸，我会用我的生命保护她。
tr	I	She ignores it , but the bell rings .
tr	O	他的眉毛皱了起来，但是他随即笑了。
tr	O	他点了点头，并且我看得出他思绪万里。
tr	O	她无法证明，而且她也不想。
tr	O	就像零重力下的一缕烟……好吧，我不太确定那会如何运作，但是你基本上明白我的意思。
tr	O	她知道对抗即将到来，并且她正在努力为此做准备。
tr	O	克里斯伸手进去，以为那是一件新衬衫，但是那个盒子太重了，不可能是衬衫。
tr	O	我为假装我们接下来几天会和她在一起而感到内疚，但是我无能为力。
tr	I	We waited , and I squeezed his free hand while his other held my body close to his .
tr	I	She was dead tired , and she 'd worked a double shift .
tr	I	She hadn 't the ability to read , but she 'd love to know what was contained in the scrolls .
tr	O	我爬进了豪华轿车，而且丹尼开车送我去了医院。
tr	I	She would have married George if he hadn 't died two years ago and she 'd been raised knowing her husband had already been chosen for her .
tr	O	穆斯看着松鼠，而且松鼠击中了他的头盔。
tr	I	The improvement is definitely temporary , but you may be feeling better .
tr	I	He hurriedly placed his hand over his chest and Vincent 's eyes widened .
tr	I	The lenses on my mask adjusted quickly , but the small , square room was much darker than outside .
tr	I	Gone was the tough-as-nails badass Angel of Death , and her hesitancy gave her an almost childlike quality .
tr	O	他听到杰基感谢大家的到来，并且他把注意力重新转回到她身上。
tr	I	She looked over at him and Lee snorted in his sleep .
tr	O	朱莉娅不情愿地把手机递给我，并且我仔细地看了她一眼。
tr	I	My fingers curled into his T-shirt in response and I felt his tongue flick lightly against mine .
tr	O	凯特琳张开了嘴，但是没有发出任何声音。
tr	O	它奏效了，并且莉莲因得知这个独家事实而感到极大的愉悦，这让她在下午余下的时间里心情很好。
tr	I	I refuse to be swayed , but Ryan looks up , glaring .
tr	O	他又开始旅行了，并且旧有的渴望再次召唤着他。
tr	I	His eyes never leave me , but I pretend I can 't see him anymore than anyone else .
tr	O	你可能是一匹独狼，但是这并不意味着你不应该对基本社会有所了解。
tr	I	Cutting out the world and all your mood swings .
tr	O	我已经将近二十四小时没睡了，并且没过多久我就陷入了沉睡。
tr	O	她向后退去，准备再次猛击，但是这次她的手被抓住了。
tr	I	He snatched it away , barely managing to stop the scream still crammed in his throat and Fingers touched the back of his hand .
tr	I	I didn 't think so , but it might have been the bobcat .
tr	O	理论上她应该对他感到厌恶，然而她没有。
tr	I	He seems like an interesting guy , and he seems to fit into Midnight .
tr	I	When he returned his gaze to her , his eyes were brimming with pain and her husband looked away .
tr	I	Yet no one could give him what he most wanted , and he would have done anything in the world to save her .
tr	I	She would believe almost anything if it would take her there and her dreams lay out among the stars .
tr	O	灯都关了，但是有一台电脑显然开着。
tr	I	There 's a stack of clothes on the bed beside me , but when I open my eyes next , he 's gone .
tr	I	The accommodations beyond luxurious , and the food was amazing .
tr	O	他向前迈了一步，并且萨凡纳扑向他，将木桩刺向他的心脏。
tr	I	He was worth fighting for , but she didn 't know how to conquer everything that stood between them .
tr	I	We do more shots and when the seat belt sign is turned off , I pour another round of beer .
tr	O	好莱坞到处都是在职的编剧，但是我不是其中之一。
tr	O	陪审团判她犯有一级谋杀罪，并且法官判处她死刑。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他离开了。
tr	O	这都有记录，但是你需要走这边。
tr	I	We must leave now and we must leave .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop , but I didn 't want to think about such things now , when I was in his arms .
tr	O	门重新打开，并且肖恩正站在那里。
tr	I	He has a nice sword collection too , and he did all of the interior design .
tr	O	我的膝盖立刻开始颤抖，但是 我努力抵抗倒在地上的冲动。
tr	I	Then I see the kingdom , but at first there is darkness .
tr	I	Caitlin would probably have a worse fate than he did and if that happened , he would certainly be in jail .
tr	O	那只手终于离开了她的腿，并且 她听到了那两名男子离开她房间的令人欣慰的声音。
tr	O	那个地方现在一片狼藉，但是 它可以以最小的成本清理。
tr	O	当时这似乎不重要，但是 司机在旅途中未经告知就去了那里。
tr	O	诺埃尔张开了嘴，但是 没有发出任何声音。
tr	O	她的脸颊上布满了粉红色的斑点，并且 她似乎准备向他吐口水。
tr	I	We don 't like to talk about what contributes to them , but we talk about diseases .
tr	I	She wished she could sink into the floorboards and he glared at Morgan .
tr	I	I could no longer hold her upright and my strength was now fading , like clouds .
tr	O	我不想吵醒你，但是 我的钥匙打不开。
tr	O	她让威尔联系了科夫斯港的几个人，但是 威尔还没有拿起电话联系他们。
tr	O	我硬着头皮做了这该死的事情，并且感觉很好。
tr	O	村民们可能会恐慌，并且那正是我们在与部落交战前两天最不希望发生的事情。
tr	I	He was also curious , but he wanted to rant more .
tr	O	他可以推迟做梦，但是他无法逃避回忆。
tr	O	他的声音比她听过的任何时候都温柔，并且让她恼火的是，她的胃竟然因此而翻腾不已。
tr	I	They walked inside , and the elevator opened .
tr	O	一只鹰在高空盘旋，但是在这无尽的数英里内没有其他动静的迹象。
tr	O	恐惧再次向她袭来，但是那是对他的恐惧。
tr	O	他们俩对这个想法看起来都不完全满意，但是他们没有争论。
tr	I	Kellerman 's eyes widened suddenly , and Iona growled , with her panther 's anger .
tr	O	当我离开爸爸办公室时，亨内平街的交通非常糟糕，并且等我到家时已经过了七点多了。
tr	I	He doesn 't , but I shake my head , willing him to stop talking .
tr	O	我倒是可以，但是这太棒了。
tr	O	那只是一个老旧的祖宅，甚至不是我自己的祖宅，但是我爱它。
tr	I	His eyes narrowed with determination but his pale face was twisted .
tr	O	我原以为我们会偷一艘船，并且我将牺牲更多生命值，因为我的船员指望我跳过去。
tr	I	She knew Sam could more than use the extra pair of hands , and she 'd let her Saturday duties go the week before .
tr	O	萨姆指了指水，并且迈克又给他倒了一些。
tr	O	斯宾塞努力去争取它，但是就在她即将伸出手时，艾瑞亚拉了她的脚。
tr	I	Silent sobs wracked his body , and tears ran down his face .
tr	I	This was much more than that but he heard of guys being curious .
tr	O	她的语气让我以为她对菲德还有别的话要说，但是现在不是谈论这件事的时候。
tr	O	我并非源自任何种子或子宫，我只因你而活。
tr	O	每个人都冲着加布笑了，并且他不得不笑。
tr	I	She needed to keep it and she made a promise to someone .
tr	O	她的手指变得苍白，并且她正密切地注视着他。
tr	I	They could see that he was unarmed and he waited until Jeremy got out .
tr	I	His head went in the other and his body went in one direction .
tr	O	当然，我给了他们一个选择，但是是我的计划把他们带到这里的。
tr	I	It was too late , but his laugh gave way to a full-blown donkey 's bray ... Drew turned to check on the teacher .
tr	I	She felt like their myth had come to life , and the wonder of it swelled within her .
tr	I	She was walking as quickly as she could , but she couldn 't run because of the baby .
tr	I	She could handle him over the telephone , but she planned on being busy .
tr	O	也许这是疯狂，但是我还是会听他说完。
tr	O	诺拉有两个朋友他已经不记得他们的名字了，并且那本身就是他的一种失败！
tr	I	He wouldn 't answer , but I asked him what was wrong .
tr	I	I glanced back at his load , and we rattled out of South Gate .
tr	O	到周一早上，他的食物储备已经不多了，并且他真的开始感到不适了。
tr	I	She Pushed harder , but he cried out , howling .
tr	O	他叫了她的名字，但是没有回应。
tr	I	I was ready and Daylight was starting .
tr	I	They hadn 't even started , and the corners of his mouth twitched already .
tr	O	我能看到我周围发生的一切，但是这些可怜的混蛋却对好空气视而不见。
tr	I	I did it for her , and this was the only way .
tr	I	He sat , too , and I sat on his bed , staring at it .
tr	O	你会被监视，这是新人的规定，但是我希望你能好好睡一觉。
tr	I	She dyes her hair red and Sandra Becker is from there .
tr	O	他在黑暗中向我靠近，而且我屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	她们都拥有她们男人们毫不含糊的爱，而且她们都从欣喜若狂地怀孕到多次成为喜悦的母亲。
tr	I	He was efficient , and he got things done .
tr	O	我跟在后面，而且我们走出了房间，沿着走廊。
tr	I	We all know it , and none of us would survive a fight like that .
tr	I	He 's not impossible , Dean , but he 's hard to read .
tr	I	I wondered what he was looking for and he pulled away , looking at my face .
tr	I	By nightfall each man amongst them would be rich , and soon they would distribute the booty .
tr	O	有一刻她感到噬心的悔恨，因为她自己的家人还在那个可怕的地方，但是她甩掉了那种感觉。
tr	I	They made their way back to the car , and Geoffrey signaled for the server to put everything on his tab .
tr	I	His knee gave out , and he took another agonizing step .
tr	O	他俯视着我笑了笑，而且他绿色的虹膜看起来像黑色。
tr	I	He hadn 't seen any sign of a romance , but there was a pleasant American there , all right .
tr	I	Lauren was paying me to assist in the investigation , but I didn 't want to step on his territory .
tr	O	他只知道他正往东走，而且由于他没有走主干道，他不知道自己身在何处。
tr	I	I still felt a little guilty , but it wasn 't the first time I had ever stolen something .
tr	I	I wanted the benefit of following the bloody footprints directly , but the hall door would have taken me out to the same area .
tr	I	No one heard , but I cried out .
tr	I	The pain only seems to get stronger , but I measure my breaths , hoping it will pass .
tr	I	There wasn 't anybody there , but I even looked around to see where it was coming from .
tr	O	我和他们在一起的记忆如此短暂，但是我永远不会忘记他们。
tr	O	朱尔斯决定陪同贾斯汀参加为期三天的静修，而且之后他们打算尽情享受一个当之无愧的假期。
tr	O	火花四溅，并且机器人踉跄后退。
tr	O	她朝我投来一个仇恨的眼神，并且随后伤心地点了点头，然后蹒跚离去。
tr	I	She kept running , and she ran .
tr	O	这份工作压力很大，并且那通常意味着很多酒。
tr	O	丹尼尔可能有点放纵，但是那对卡梅伦来说是为丹尼尔的幸福付出的一个小代价。
tr	O	特里斯坦在椅子上动了一下，并且他的头向后仰去。
tr	I	If he knows , the faction knows , and I still think Colin set you up .
tr	O	我轻笑一声并把他甩开。
tr	O	泰迪咬了那只手，并且它松开了。
tr	I	She leapt into the silence , and he hesitated .
tr	I	A long car trip required comfort , but I usually wore this outfit to workout in .
tr	O	我想我本可以问德国警方的，但是我不想让她紧张。
tr	O	那是一段艰难的时光，并且我受够了苦日子。
tr	I	The maid nodded firmly , but Helen cried in disbelief .
tr	I	There are only nine of us , and around twenty Officials remain .
tr	I	I should have figured something out , but I 'm not sure what I could have done for her .
tr	I	I pull it back , but he tries to take my hand .
tr	O	我会让你或阿黛尔知道发生了什么。
tr	O	他下来了，并且界面在他身后砰地一声关上了。
tr	I	I had to close them for an instant , and it was so bright it hurt my eyes .
tr	I	That presence she 'd felt when he 'd walked in barged into her space , but storm didn 't touch her .
tr	I	Allie moved between them , but Chief McCormick 's hand hovered near his gun .
tr	I	Well they should be , and the women were frightened .
tr	O	他的脸几乎难以察觉地变了，并且她以为他会拒绝。
tr	I	I 'd caused more than enough discord in his family , but I didn 't want to ride with Rosalie any more than he seemed to .
tr	I	Any hope of help for her sister was gone and the fire within now waned .
tr	I	That didn 't bother me , but he had hit on Sydney more than once .
tr	I	I savor the small abrasions and the wood scratches at my palms .
tr	I	He shook his head , but Sam caught the keys .
tr	I	I waited up for her , and the Countess shared my quarters .
tr	I	I couldn 't think of anything to say , and my cheeks burned .
tr	I	Alix wasn 't going to let it slide , and they had a reputation to live up to .
tr	I	Before his world went black , he saw the big man running toward him , and he sank .
tr	O	他很粗暴，并且我的头猛地向后仰，撞到了墙上。
tr	I	It was enough to draw some conclusions as to where he was , but nothing specific besides that .
tr	O	她点了点头，但是她的焦虑显而易见。
tr	I	As she did , the lights came back up to full strength , and she lowered the wand .
tr	I	They looked like they were going to be awhile , and I was way behind schedule .
tr	O	今晚莱夫会过来，并且我们会一起准备他这周的演讲稿。
tr	O	她已经消失在黑暗中，并且我们谁也不知道那之外有什么。
tr	O	我抓住了艾什的手，并且我们逃进了黑暗中。
tr	I	I certainly don 't need to stay warm , but the blankets are all on her side .
tr	O	她昨天急着和利亚姆出去，没和她说话，并且她昨晚也肯定没给她打电话。
tr	I	Our conversation flowed easily , as it always did , and we talked on the phone for almost an hour .
tr	O	他猛扑向前，一记扫颈打掉了那名警官的头颅。
tr	I	Jack had given him the perfect opportunity , but he hadn 't meant to introduce the subject quite so soon .
tr	O	冷空气变得更暖和了，随着太阳升起和滴水的树叶干涸，与此同时，在一些区域，阳光透过头顶的树木洒下。
tr	I	It was astonishingly lovely and it was a particular kind of cover pieced together from scraps of fabric .
tr	O	她的脸简直能让你的心停止跳动，而且她像瞪羚一样优雅。
tr	I	Scotty jumped , and a roaring bark sounded from the pen next to them .
tr	O	一记重咬，所以那生物就会切断她的脊椎。
tr	O	你在通话中可能没有注意到，但是我注意到了。
tr	O	他们跟着加布里埃尔叔叔快速移动，但是那个对我们大喊大叫的男人留在了后面。
tr	I	The windows looked as if they hadn 't been updated - ever , and the house was in desperate need of a paint job .
tr	I	She shook it off , but a flash of grief distorted Amanda 's features .
tr	I	I swatted him away , but Seth called to me .
tr	I	Tears were in her eyes , and she struggled to sit up .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop reaching that conclusion , but she didn 't want to believe it .
tr	I	God knows how many million burgers served now and Gerald looked out the window at the McDonald 's sign .
tr	O	零件都生锈了，并且电池也腐蚀了。
tr	O	我用尽全力尖叫，并且尽我所能地持续。
tr	O	最终，那些视频消失了，但是人们仍在谈论。
tr	I	That didn 't stop him from growling , but the king had no response to that .
tr	I	Now the dark angel in the corner gains prominence , but Elijah has always looked to the painting for joy .
tr	O	她现在明白了为什么他会如此突然地离开，但是当时，她受到了严重伤害。
tr	O	我猛地一颤，并且我的獠牙在口中后退了半厘米，这让我痛得龇牙咧嘴。
tr	O	他们经常互相询问这件事，并且这些问题已变得无休止，既然他们现在可以通过心灵感应互相交流了。
tr	O	他的脉搏加快了，并且匆忙地转过身，避开他的对手，他开始环顾四周。
tr	I	I could find a collector who would double that price , no problem and I looked it up !
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , yet he gave me a concerned look .
tr	O	我试图后退，但是凯彻普不肯放过这件事。
tr	I	It felt wrong , but looking down at our entwined hands , mine appeared to fit perfectly in his .
tr	I	Another dose of shock hit and I did .
tr	I	I wasn 't worried , but Twenty-seven thirty-two them leading .
tr	O	水浸湿了他衬衫的前部，并且他眼中露出了震惊的神情。
tr	O	他全身肌肉线条分明，胸前有一小撮毛发，并且我能看到他的“快乐轨迹”。
tr	O	重要的是他作为外科医生的技术，并且据所有人说，他拥有很多这样的技术。
tr	O	他们必须迅速行动，或者他们将在几秒钟内死去。
tr	I	He was gone and blackness enveloped the ghost .
tr	O	爸爸病得太重了，还不能转到另一家医院，但是果园谷的这家医院很小。
tr	I	He could still see they were growing emerald but the room was dim with early morning light .
tr	O	他手里拿着什么东西，但是法伦看不清楚那是什么。
tr	I	He frowned , thinking it strange , and the owl didn 't repeat its call .
tr	I	My fangs were still sharp , and my lips were stained with his blood .
tr	O	丹尼尔收回双腿，并且当布伦南处于失去平衡的顶点时，他踢了出去。
tr	O	她给了我一把钥匙，并且我回了我的房间。
tr	I	For some reason , it sent a chill down her spine , and he was openly mocking her .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且别的东西也变硬了。
tr	I	The gray room took its place and the roof of the building faded away .
tr	O	那些话击中了他的心口，并且他喘着气。
tr	O	我又打回去了，并且这次她接了。
tr	I	Over the years , she 'd gotten used to it , but she used to hate it when I called her that .
tr	O	他们可能有先见之明来计划这次无声的伏击，但是当涉及到战斗时，嗜血的欲望完全控制了他们。
tr	O	其中一个是一个水磨坊，但是远没有“水磨坊”这个词所暗示的那么做作。
tr	I	Now he bowed his head , but he had been watching her .
tr	I	I eventually no longer had the energy to move my fins at all , and the thunder above caused the water to tremble .
tr	O	人们现在正从他们的房子里出来，但是布拉德伯里家的孩子们忽略了他们。
tr	I	Diego grinned at him , and the general whirled around .
tr	I	Anderson was as close to her as he could get , and Romy was already at the very end of the row .
tr	I	Half listened to his end of the conversation and I sat in the chair alongside his desk .
tr	I	They continued to dig , working in the last light of the summer evening and no one replied .
tr	O	我想知道每个词、每个音节，一字不差，并且我敢让你说精确的词语不重要。
tr	O	我永远会在你身边，并且你永远会在我身边。
tr	O	我实际上正在走进虎穴，并且现在已经无法回头了。
tr	I	The training at RIM enhances it , and getting an impression is something any magician can do to a certain extent .
tr	I	He returned the gesture , and I nodded at him .
tr	O	我可能看起来像个怪物，但是我不是。
tr	O	那些门通向宝座室，通向帝国权力的核心，并且它们被紧紧地关闭着。
tr	I	I cracked a smile and his voice was dry .
tr	I	Suddenly a question arose and she tried to envision Perry flying .
tr	I	Some folks call me Walker , like Walker , Texas Ranger , because I used to be an army ranger , or you can call me Liam .
tr	O	齐普跟了上去，并且特莎在急转弯时倾斜了身体。
tr	O	他现在所知道的只有战斗，并且为谁而战都无关紧要。
tr	I	There was no way I could stay there with her , but she 's alone .
tr	I	Something made me pray for warmth too , but I prayed for him to be alive .
tr	O	她脑子里又想不通什么了，并且我不知道该怎么办。
tr	I	I kept working and I hung up .
tr	O	你找条船，并且她将成为你在这里港口的锚。
tr	I	I would have one of my contacts assault you , get you into hospital , which triggers it to start working , and you 'd return home .
tr	O	他经常笑，但是那并不罕见。
tr	I	She refused to give up , but Ainsley let out her breath .
tr	I	She didn 't have any legs left to run on , and she 's the poor lass who owned the other flat .
tr	I	You were smashing right through every wall that I put up , but I tried to keep a distance between us .
tr	I	I lay back against the ground with his hands on either side of my face , and he leaned in close to my face .
tr	I	She looked great , and I think I 've seen Marissa in it before .
tr	O	他从不为明天会带来什么而失眠，并且在大多数情况下他也没有沉湎于过去。
tr	I	I grabbed three more to be sure , but a dozen handheld wrenches were probably enough .
tr	O	那个团队完全不是她所预料的，并且那个发现让她麻木，震惊不已。
tr	O	当铃声响起并且我得以逃脱时，我感到很感激。
tr	I	I do not know why , and she will not see me .
tr	O	这不是我所计划的，但是我不能再否认了。
tr	O	她是泰坦的女儿，而且她不仅仅是一个女神。
tr	O	我张开嘴想告诉他把他的臆测塞到哪里去，但是他的最后一句话让我措手不及。
tr	O	我们不必战斗，并且这让我们得以喘息。
tr	O	他张开嘴想解释，并且我把手指放在上面。
tr	O	她的腿触到地面，并且她的手放在膝盖上，她喘着气，试图从我们的吻中平复呼吸。
tr	I	If you don 't trust him , then you 'll never find out , and he sounds like a decent boy .
tr	I	I command that you take note of this , and we have also seen a mark of birth on the child .
tr	O	我的声音听起来仍然很可疑，并且他能听出来。
tr	O	我的脸颊发烫，但是我拒绝移开视线。
tr	O	在最后一节课上她提到了她的孩子们，但是考特尼没有太在意。
tr	I	He was right more often than not , but Dr Jensen was the first to admit his potential fallibility .
tr	O	很明显他们是匆忙离开的，并且希瑟猜想那是因为黑色船只的到来。
tr	I	The shine had returned , but it had been ages .
tr	I	I slid inside , automatically snapping on my seatbelt , and he opened the door for me .
tr	I	I know nothing about you and you 've suddenly walked into my life .
tr	I	I was no match for his strength , but I tried to wriggle away from his touch .
tr	I	It makes me feel good , but I 've never seen them like this .
tr	I	Milton turned to the projection that showed the battle and Nisha nodded .
tr	I	She had some answers , and I had some questions .
tr	I	I don 't know their names , but there were some other men .
tr	O	九月的空气仍然湿热黏腻，并且一群孩子在前院玩棒球。
tr	I	He knew that he did , yet Celestino puzzled over the idea that he did not exist .
tr	O	我的眼睛寻求许可，并且她点头。
tr	O	她不知道她怎么知道的，但是她确实知道。
tr	I	Soon enough I realized it was me , and as had happened when I 'd killed Augusta , I was vaguely aware someone was screaming .
tr	O	他们在美国境外，并且没有签署任何文件。
tr	I	The Secret Service is unreachable and the police won 't take me seriously .
tr	I	Courtney answers her cell and he begins to laugh .
tr	I	The power grid operated at full capacity , and it was another hot , July day .
tr	I	He crushed his mouth against mine , his tongue slipping between my lips and his hand gripped my face .
tr	O	她的下唇被牙齿咬着，并且用他身体的各个部位占有那丰润嘴唇的念头几乎让他硬了起来。
tr	O	她显然心烦意乱，但是她又期望什么呢？
tr	O	我知道我反应过度了，但是我情不自禁。
tr	I	That 's not what my question is about , but the rest of the world calls them Yen .
tr	O	他是学校里最帅的男生，并且他本可以邀请任何人。
tr	O	看着左边，看着右边，并且在每个路口再次看左边。
tr	O	加农在最后一刻抓住了她，并且在她站稳身体时，她的眼睛猛地睁开了。
tr	O	每当他的脚踩在地上时，他腿部的肌肉就会收缩，并且一丝微笑悄悄爬上我的脸颊。
tr	O	她知道这份喜悦只是一个插曲，就像篝火一样，而且一片巨大的黑暗潜伏其后。
tr	O	格雷想知道更多，但是凯特挥手示意杰森继续。
tr	O	一片阴影掠过她的脸，并且她缓慢地从椅子上挪开。
tr	O	她们的脸上带着倦容，并且女士们哭泣着。
tr	O	我屏住了呼吸，但是那并没有发生。
tr	I	We leave and we land .
tr	O	她与马克斯在街上见过的那两名男子交谈，并且他们贪婪的目光暴露了他们热烈的男性赞赏。
tr	I	I shook them off , but his words seemed to lodge somewhere in my chest .
tr	I	Then I remember nothing , and the beggar woman took us into a tiny court a little way down the street .
tr	O	这就是我迟到的原因，但是我无法保证你没有迟到。
tr	O	你可以从你的办公室搜刮求生物资，并且我会搜刮我的。
tr	O	我的眼睛充满了新的泪水，并且我一边回想一边用枕头角擦拭它们。
tr	O	车里有空调，但是威尔似乎并不在意。
tr	O	我的头很疼，而且当我移动时，一阵剧痛传遍我的身体。
tr	O	我们都笑了，并且我又一次感觉时间错乱了。
tr	O	我知道他不是为了伤害我才说的，但是这并没有减轻他话语的刺痛。
tr	O	很久没有人抱过我了，而且我确信对她来说时间更长了。
tr	O	我将油门扭向自己，并且摩托车突然猛地向前冲去。
tr	O	詹姆斯会很乐意付薪水让普鲁登斯为他工作，而且他尽可能地远离她。
tr	O	我喊道，想要指出却又不敢放手。
tr	I	Kate had to fight down the urge to scream and there was talk by Gage 's management of booking more dates .
tr	I	I don 't want you to move unless you have to , but Scorch will bring you some food .
tr	O	岛民的头歪了歪，并且他的眉毛皱了起来。
tr	I	She shivered just the same , but it wasn 't cold .
tr	O	议会中一片低语声传开，并且我坐得更直了。
tr	O	他开始伸手去抓菲比，但是她却更深地走进了房间。
tr	O	这很粗鲁，很不尊重人，而且我不会让它出现在我的家里。
tr	I	Sophia had been coming to coffee for over a year , but this added a level of tension that hadn 't existed before .
tr	O	他想说，但是他却发不出声音。
tr	I	Again there was something odd about his gaze , and he looked at me one final time before he passed out of sight .
tr	I	As he lay there in front of the house , Laxman fled from the scene and the priest was bleeding profusely .
tr	I	She didn 't look back and he would be coming for her next .
tr	O	我抬头看他，并且他正透过杯子上沿对我咧嘴笑。
tr	I	She needed sleep , and the night was getting old .
tr	O	兴奋涌遍她的全身，但是过去几天来的压力已经开始让她感到疲惫不堪。
tr	I	Number six left no room to hedge , and they were even numbered for easy reference .
tr	O	父亲的下巴肌肉抽动了一下，但是他的表情没有改变。
tr	O	这很粗糙，但是内森留下了深刻印象。
tr	I	Then the scene slips away entirely as I 'm flooded with a memory , and I gasp .
tr	I	My license had already been revoked , but normally I would have disappeared as soon as possible .
tr	O	他转身走出房间，但是她叫住了他。
tr	O	约翰爱我，而且我不是他亲生的女儿。
tr	I	I have too many enemies , and I 'm not above reproach .
tr	I	She wondered if any of the positive energy had taken hold and Lauren had decided to toss Clara 's log in for good measure .
tr	I	Della looked up from the computer and Kylie walked out her bedroom door .
tr	I	I wanted to bask in his presence a while longer and Leif was all I had .
tr	I	Damon sat quickly , and called an officer .
tr	O	他有时会表现得很混蛋，但是他一直都公平对待她。
tr	O	自从思凯拉来到镇上，他每天洗澡的次数增加到了三次，而且我猜我知道为什么。
tr	O	她不再拉扯着紧身胸衣，而且她的心跳也平稳了一些。
tr	I	He listened , then relaxed and the police scanner squawked again .
tr	O	他的勃起弹了出来，并且他听到了艾比的喘息声。
tr	I	He shook his head , but she turned to Carmine , raising her eyebrows , expecting him to offer some sort of real explanation .
tr	I	Not many people would believe him , but he was .
tr	O	我的全身都在颤抖，但是没有时间思考。
tr	O	我那时本可以抓住他，并且格蕾丝就不会被牵扯进来。
tr	O	我挣扎着想坐起来，但是我被什么东西按住了。
tr	I	Since she was with her dad I figured she would be fine , but I hesitated , not wanting to leave Meena around all the workers .
tr	I	He 's not even shivering , and I glance at Davis again .
tr	O	保罗一直在外面送货，并且米斯蒂真的不知道他在哪里。
tr	O	我的脉搏很平稳，并且我的皮肤也没有像他触碰我时那样刺痛。
tr	I	I don 't know if I can be anything more , but I will always be that .
tr	O	肉汁充斥着我的口腔，并且我忍不住喉咙里涌出的愉悦的低鸣。
tr	O	他把夹克拉过头顶，并且那些飞来的火烈鸟开始袭击他。
tr	O	我远远地避开他，因为他的鼻子已经没那么好看了，并且他知道该怪谁。
tr	I	Miss Maren had carefully stamped out his ambitions , but at one time , Quinn thought he 'd like to become a geneticist like Dr. Martine .
tr	I	It was pointless , but she tried breathing through her mouth to avoid smelling anything .
tr	I	Certainly she had been known to let her attention wander , but Glenda was for the most part good at her job .
tr	I	We have to acknowledge the fact that he just might , and he obviously thinks he knows something that we don 't .
tr	O	你的晚餐很有趣，但是你有时下班后也会出去。
tr	O	自助餐厅里的嘈杂声立刻消失了，并且所有人的目光都落在我身上。
tr	I	It took him a moment to collect himself before speaking and a reminder of his family stole away Dan 's nerve .
tr	I	The rose in it and he revealed his hand .
tr	I	They certainly didn 't carry that scent , but a few empty bags lay on the floor here .
tr	O	这场派对发生在将近一个世纪前，然而弗里克看起来和今天没有什么不同。
tr	I	We know she wouldn 't just give it up and it means a lot to her .
tr	O	那些家伙不喜欢我独自跑掉，但是我提醒他们我是一名训练有素的联邦特工。
tr	I	I held firm , but the action troubled her .
tr	O	她被下了药，并且他无能为力，只能等着药效自行消退。
tr	O	显示器关了，并且南希看着我。
tr	O	在太短的时间里发生了太多的事，并且我的大脑难以跟上。
tr	O	它没有把手，并且它也没有刀刃。
tr	O	两个人都在直视沙恩，并且他们眼中的恐惧是无边无际的。
tr	O	突然他像箭一样冲了出去，并且我被甩到了路上。
tr	I	His hands were big enough to discourage making him angry on purpose , but he could be a bit slow in the head .
tr	I	Rest secure in the reasons why I cast him away , but I lament his departure .
tr	O	如果他发出任何声音，我都听不到，而且作为一只狼，我的听力相当敏锐。
tr	I	The top tier of Meka handlers made that much money easily , but it was hard to imagine that kind of wealth .
tr	I	I was aware of every part of his body that was lightly pressed against mine and my skin started burning .
tr	I	He felt this one was justified , but Connie was not accustomed to telling lies .
tr	O	我想拥抱她，但是我没有。
tr	I	Everyone quits from burnout but it won 't do any good if we win the work .
tr	I	It is a workable goal but it is a long shot .
tr	I	I enjoyed one when I got it , and I didn 't have many of those .
tr	O	托德医生笑了，并且我呆坐在那里，有点目瞪口呆。
tr	I	Then he reached for the waistband of my leggings , and he left me long enough to shuck his jeans .
tr	O	她迅速转过身，但是当她意识到站在她面前的蒙面男人不是内特时，她欢迎的笑容消失了。
tr	O	我甚至关心都是徒劳的，但是我希望不是。
tr	O	她走路时的每一个动作都让他兴奋，并且他挪动了一下椅子以缓解不适。
tr	O	我N看过这部电影超过一百次了，但是我也不打算向尼克承认这一点。
tr	O	她可能知道超自然现象，但是她从未见过像海女巫那样的东西。
tr	O	只有攀爬悬崖才能到达海岸，但是退潮时会有一小片沙滩出现。
tr	I	Angie was on the outskirts of Seattle and now it was almost noon .
tr	I	I couldn 't bring myself to think about what the consequences of his words implied , but I knew we had to be practical .
tr	O	她和他做的事情是疯狂的，然而她却似乎无法阻止自己。
tr	O	我们绝非完美，但是我们确实打算尽力而为。
tr	O	贷款员称其为投机性购买而非投资，并且业内人士都知道这意味着什么。
tr	O	第五章 从船上下来接麦克布莱德的船员都带着手枪，但是他们本不必这么麻烦。
tr	O	当她独自一人时，她走到路灯下，并且我看到她皮肤上覆盖着一层薄薄的汗珠。
tr	I	You are like Peter Pan and I 'm like Cinderella .
tr	O	我知道他每一次看我时都爱我，并且每一次我们做爱时，都将我烙印为他自己的。
tr	I	Her craving for Jess Calhoun knew no bounds , and her mind seemed to be shutting down altogether .
tr	I	He shuddered out a breath , and I traced my hand down his stomach to the top of his shorts .
tr	I	I felt confident , assured , but this should have been unfamiliar territory .
tr	O	我知道这要来了，但是我还不愿谈论它。
tr	O	它在西班牙语中意为‘心’，并且那就是梅琳达对我而言的意义。
tr	I	Elena glanced at him sharply , but he sounded only mildly interested .
tr	I	Her eyes were no longer smiling and when he shifted slightly , she gasped .
tr	O	有些故事可信，有些相当夸张，但是它们中很少有任何日期。
tr	O	她看到的第一件事是他的男性器官，并且它对她的镇定产生了有害影响。
tr	O	没有火车在站台上等候，但是首次传来了接近的隆隆声。
tr	O	他把双手夹在他膝盖之间，但是这并没有阻止它们颤抖。
tr	O	他不知道他们玩了多久，但是感觉很棒。
tr	O	她的目光聚焦在他古铜色的脖颈上，并且她微微摇晃了一下。
tr	I	I blocked his way once more , staring him down , but he tried to side-step me .
tr	O	他的目光从古铜色变为明亮、发光的绿色，并且他的笑容露出了现在有两颗尖锐獠牙的牙齿。
tr	I	Raven 's body tingled under the heat of his gaze , yet it was unnerving .
tr	I	He stopped her , but she reached in to get the satchel she carried almost everywhere .
tr	O	她总是以一种我从未真正理解的崇拜看待我，但是她眼中的神情对我来说是新的。
tr	I	We 've had rain the last four days , but usually the road isn 't this bad .
tr	I	This time vivid images of how they would please each other flashed relentlessly in his head , but he pictured it again .
tr	O	外面发生了一系列爆炸，并且枪声密集地打在房子的前面。
tr	I	I hear younger men are the ' in thing ' these days , but I 'm probably older than he .
tr	I	From the very start it seemed as if they had been friends since birth and their shared love of the written word brought them together .
tr	O	我所要做的就是告诉他，并且那时，一切都会好起来的。
tr	I	He was riding all out , but she tried to catch up to get a better look at him as they rode .
tr	O	没有人会注意到她，直到为时已晚，并且那时我们会给她一百万美元。
tr	I	I had bad days in death , and 12 I had good days in death .
tr	O	我递出一个，并且在我坐在他大腿上的时候，索耶咬了一口。
tr	I	Two of them pulled and his mouth was infected again , although it had been only a month since his teeth were cleaned .
tr	O	戴蒙未能将六个孩子看作是很大的需要，但是他的女王要求了，因此他回答了。
tr	I	He could at least manage a few creature comforts for Miranda , but the apartment was a dump .
tr	I	She wasn 't at all good at it and it wasn 't a very nice thing to do .
tr	O	我平时不喝茶，但是那一刻这似乎是该做的事。
tr	I	We hurried on over to the other side and the bridge we stood on started to break away .
tr	I	There was no going back and Alyce had crossed the line .
tr	O	我张开了嘴，而且接着我突然明白了。
tr	O	快到劳动节了，而且我哪儿也不去。
tr	I	His fingers dug in , and his free hand seized my bare shoulder .
tr	I	I felt slightly exposed coming down from a roller coaster orgasm and his eyes were on me .
tr	O	大猩猩的皮肤是黑色的，并且眼睛是深棕色的。
tr	I	The accusation in his eyes hurt , and he looked up at me .
tr	O	另一个念头闪过她的脑海，并且她僵住了，再次将目光转向窗外的田野。
tr	I	Jake strode out and the door opened behind him .
tr	O	你没让我独自一人做，而且我也不会让你。
tr	O	我想成为一名画家，但是那养活不了自己。
tr	O	她尽量不伤害别人太多，但是在这里却没办法了。
tr	O	一声轻微的喘息从她口中发出，并且我感觉到查理瑟缩了一下。
tr	I	You can 't go on living in the same house as me , and you can 't go on working in the yard .
tr	O	你写的东西很有趣，但是事实是，你的表达方式太糟糕了。
tr	O	她胸口的疼痛让她呼吸困难，并且她知道，她和他相处的时间越久，情况就会越糟。
tr	I	Sometimes , you didn 't need words , but neither of us said a word .
tr	I	We remembered that we weren 't alone in the room and all of a sudden we heard someone clear their throat .
tr	I	I wondered if the other Georgina melted like I did , and he gave me one of those little smiles of his .
tr	O	她转身望向窗外，并且他走向厨房。
tr	O	他可能很生气，但是他无疑是真诚的。
tr	O	我想阻止他的鲁莽行为，但是我太虚弱了，无法正常动弹。
tr	O	她会非常想念他们，经常去看望，但是她的生活现在在这里，与雷耶斯为伴。
tr	I	He 'd kill her , but the bastard might take her .
tr	O	他跑了过去，并且她沿着他们来时的路冲了回去。
tr	I	I grabbed her arm before she could avoid me , and my cheeks flushed .
tr	O	他凝视了永恒，但是他没有呼唤，也没有指认。
tr	I	She closed her eyes against , the stabbing light , and he snapped on the bedside lamp again .
tr	O	横梁支撑着它，并且下方是停车空间。
tr	I	Cameron smiled , guessing what her reaction might be to that statement , and the woman laughed out loud .
tr	I	He never let anyone see it , but some days , his memories made life really hard .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist tugging it into my mouth , and that little silver ring begged to be sucked on .
tr	O	很高兴，并且有点悲伤。
tr	I	Her husband had been quietly miserable , and Sandra had seemed insistent that we stay to dinner .
tr	O	卢修斯看着德文，然后看着我，并且他的眼中闪过一道理解的光芒。
tr	I	She realized that it was coming from the bottom of the stairs , and nothing on the next floor either , though the scent grew stronger .
tr	I	Alex was starting the engine , and the men were just finishing untying the ropes they 'd used to bind the two boats together .
tr	O	自己变得兴奋起来，他必须付出更大的努力才能把这个箱子的盖子掀开，但是这种努力很快得到了回报。
tr	I	I nearly bust my gut laughing , but she didn 't respond .
tr	O	还有五个人和我在一起，并且我们把装满稻草的袋子铺在地上当床垫睡觉。
tr	I	He nudged it open with foot as he began to loosen his tie and the door was slightly ajar .
tr	I	It 's my own fault and he 's never going to stop until he finds me .
tr	I	The Spell Wizard appeared , and immediately there was a puff of purple smoke .
tr	O	我想我坠入爱河了，但是我最好小心点。
tr	O	我的手臂严重受伤，并且我的背部也抽筋了。
tr	I	She pushed off but he kissed her back .
tr	O	我早已查看过他一次了，并且我总能稍后再查看他。
tr	I	Surely there 'd be more to make after , but she wanted to finish it before they married .
tr	I	I didn 't think it likely she would , but she could .
tr	O	我们抵达后已经过了一周，并且我什么都还没找到。
tr	O	大片雨水冲刷着他的挡风玻璃，并且远处雷声隆隆。
tr	O	屏幕上有三位年轻女性，但是其中一个与众人分开站立。
tr	O	她憎恨这个地方，并且她想离开。
tr	I	I lean back on my hands as he gently picks up my right foot and he guides me down to a seated position .
tr	O	我仍在考虑是否把他们往埃德蒙顿州内送去，但是那里太偏远了。
tr	I	It didn 't help , but she pulled her T-shirt over the bottom half of her face .
tr	I	He 'd only been dead five years , and it was a little unsettling to him .
tr	O	草坪从人行道向更远处延伸，并且房屋之间变得更加稀疏。
tr	I	She was breathing very quickly , and when he withdrew his mouth from the First Lady 's , her cheeks were flushed pink .
tr	I	None of them pale green , but the locking cabinet smashed open , with med patches spilling out in all colors .
tr	I	His Wrangler come speeding out and I stand in shock as I watch the garage door slide open .
tr	I	No one speaks to me and I don 't speak to anyone .
tr	O	特雷弗开始跟着，并且我对他发难了。
tr	O	有时它涓涓细流，而且有时它溢出。
tr	I	I pulled her tighter to me and her body shuddered in my grip .
tr	O	他的头很疼，而且他感到疲倦。
tr	O	我问过他这个问题无数次，而且他拒绝回答我，提醒着我我们达成的交易。
tr	I	I 'm not , and I 'm kidding .
tr	O	我们都身处的这种僵局正在摧毁我，伤害着他们，而且我是唯一能把我们带出困境的人。
tr	O	我想要睁开眼睛最后看一眼吉迪恩，但是我做不到。
tr	I	I need to know who you really are , but I don 't think you 're bad guys .
tr	O	我用碱液肥皂洗了手，但是油漆仍然粘在我的指甲上。
tr	O	她能听到杰克斯房间里传来的声音，响亮而愤怒的声音，而且那些声音让她畏缩。
tr	O	我今天跑步跑得很快，而且在萨默回家之前我还有半小时。
tr	O	当他停止说话时，他睁开了眼睛，并且我看到了他经常隐藏的所有需求。
tr	I	It was too late , but there might have been a better way to tell him .
tr	I	Sometimes I need a drink as much as the next guy , but I follow the same rules I give out .
tr	I	None too clean and the ship was battered .
tr	O	他们盛装出席，并且奥利维亚记得在法国大使馆参加活动时，曾请一位陌生人给他们拍照。
tr	I	He lost and Ben went .
tr	I	I needed to get some sleep and my head was starting to throb .
tr	O	我从喉咙到胃部被切开，并且我所有的内脏都被暴露出来。
tr	O	我们好一会儿没有说话，但是我能听到詹姆斯在另一端呼吸。
tr	I	Everyone left us alone , and we was sixteen then .
tr	I	Her head swam and her legs wobbled .
tr	O	科尔顿不理解这个过程，但是他正在慢慢习惯它。
tr	I	I 'd respected his privacy , just like he had mine , and I knew Owen had his secrets , just like I did .
tr	O	我把它递给他，但是他的手指停在离它很近的地方，仿佛他害怕触碰它。
tr	O	风直接吹在球员身后，并且布拉德福德知道巴兹会全力以赴，尤其是落后两分的情况下。
tr	I	Her hands were shaking so badly she almost dropped them , but she snatched them from the bed .
tr	I	It never got off the ground , but he planned to host the Blue Diamond Gala , as I think they call it .
tr	O	他的名字叫鲍勃，并且鲍勃没有笑。
tr	O	接着是与他母亲的冷餐，并且他难以交谈。
tr	I	Together they walked on under the bridge , the traffic thundering over their heads and she fell into step beside him .
tr	O	这两项提议都有风险，但是两者都是必要的。
tr	O	预订台就在马车停靠的地方，并且他们办理了入住。
tr	O	我的手指抓住了古董浴缸冰冷的铸铁边缘，并且我感到有手勒紧了我的手腕。
tr	I	I 'd be treated to a sliver of golden skin , and the tank needed just a slight nudge upward .
tr	O	事件发生在一所高中（所以年龄在14-18岁），并且结果造成24人死亡，他们都是老师。
tr	I	He realized he enjoyed the companionship , something he 'd never really had before and a sense of normalcy settled over him .
tr	O	我告诉他它来自哪里，并且他似乎觉得这个想法有点好笑。
tr	O	西奥的声音恢复了，并且他擦去了眼泪。
tr	I	When she was gone , I cursed , and she turned into the bedroom on the right .
tr	I	There is little I haven 't seen except for these rooms made from powder you speak of , and I am a god .
tr	I	I looked up to see those familiar green eyes staring right through me , and her voice stopped me in my tracks .
tr	O	她想要他，并且这种认知在他心中膨胀，让他感到强大。
tr	I	I am thirty-eight years old and I have never been married .
tr	I	There were other papers scattered throughout the cabin but the pile on the desk was organized .
tr	I	I did and I wanted to learn to knit .
tr	O	我没有新的最好的朋友，但是我有一个永远的宿敌。
tr	O	在这种情况下，他为我提供新鲜素材，并且我为他提供可以攻击的目标。
tr	I	The movement did little to warm him , but he shifted his weight between his feet .
tr	O	我再也受不了了，并且我想她也能感觉到。
tr	I	I don 't bother responding , but I know he 's talking about Realm .
tr	I	She bit her lower lip to hold back the tide that threatened to overwhelm her and Ready tears blurred her vision .
tr	I	Her eyes were practically shooting poison darts at him and her brows fell .
tr	O	我祈祷它会停止，但是它却继续着，声音越来越大。
tr	O	我们都安静了一会儿，并且接着我爸爸清了清嗓子。
tr	I	We both went skidding down the hill right into an enormous mud puddle and somewhere along the way he lost his footing .
tr	O	她在离开时给了我一个意味深长的眼神，并且我只能对着那双锐利的眼睛无力地点了点头。
tr	I	No , her eyes were wide open , but he 'd begun to wonder if she was asleep .
tr	I	It 's only making a bigger mess , but I hop off the hood , trying to clean the grease off with my hands .
tr	O	他们认为这很荒谬，并且少数相信的人在他们的小镇里受到了嘲笑。
tr	O	他把手伸进口袋里，并且他的手再次出现时，上面挂着一颗小爱心，连着一根缠结的链子。
tr	O	我爱你，并且我将永远如此。
tr	O	天已经黑了，而且你还没回家。
tr	O	她身后的一个声音使她直起身子，并且她在转身前又用手擦了擦眼睛。
tr	I	He turned to her and Nora was still walking trance-like .
tr	I	She fixed herself a screwdriver , and it was no skin off Kim 's nose .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to notice me , but Bry was examining the single large sail .
tr	O	只有我，并且在我面前他正烂在这里，等死。
tr	O	那是一种从未离开过我的感觉，而且它只随着诺亚的死变得更糟。
tr	I	I walked away from him then and my hand slid from his grasp .
tr	I	My parents came running out and the camp door swung open .
tr	O	他让我参观了校园，而且一旦我进去，他就强迫我接受。
tr	O	这会给你几个小时直到你的律师回来，而且到时候你就不用担心被关进监狱了。
tr	O	布伦南的笑容很有感染力，而且她发现自己踮起脚尖再次亲吻他。
tr	O	伊万不记得那天在学校见过爱丽丝，但是那并不令人惊讶，她经常逃课。
tr	O	三名警卫站在前厅，并且还有几个人在外面一辆马车旁等候。
tr	O	盲目地伸出手，她触碰到他的手臂，感觉到他的手握住了她的手，并且她猛地收回了手，抽身离开。
tr	I	It caught me off guard , and she did this once before .
tr	O	他的才能衰退了，但是他的权威依然存在。
tr	O	我们在少数几家仍在营业的商店中停了下来，并且杰森买了一杯热巧克力带走。
tr	O	看起来他并不支持这一切，但是他从未直言不讳。
tr	O	她做了个鬼脸，并且我笑了。
tr	I	If ever I had seen two miserable people , this was the occasion , and for a second the two men embraced .
tr	O	他的眼睛正在变红，并且他的言语有些不稳。
tr	I	I couldn 't stop and I started to sob .
tr	I	It was delicious , and our pizza arrived .
tr	O	学校区域的限速是每小时十五英里，并且当她超过我的时候，她开得远远超过二十五英里。
tr	O	他们有什么东西，而且她知道。
tr	I	At times that confidence made him reckless , and Dave knew it , too .
tr	I	I truly couldn 't believe I had been dressed like that the whole time and it was terribly ridiculous .
tr	I	She was about to discover that using fouls may have been a bad idea , but Payton 's opponent rushed in .
tr	O	他对她有感情，但是给这些感情贴标签的想法让他手忙脚乱地寻找回应。
tr	I	I found myself answering him , and he kept whispering to me .
tr	I	He gestured for us to follow him inside , and by that point the second thug had reappeared .
tr	O	能够收到电子邮件的人会是知道该电子邮件的人，但是发件人是陌生的。
tr	O	她明白风险，然而她不愿轻易离开这片战场。
tr	I	By then he had her out here alone , but by then she would 've known she 'd made a mistake .
tr	I	He didn 't put his hand on my arm to help me in but he opened the door for me .
tr	O	你没有母亲，而且我没有父亲。
tr	O	我那天晚上有演出，而且那是一场重要的演出。
tr	I	I needed to get there and that light represented my way home .
tr	O	伊甸的黑眼睛闪烁着看向我的眼睛，并且我们交换了一个心照不宣的眼神。
tr	I	Deckard went through and he swept aside a thick curtain .
tr	O	他对她发火了，但是她没有退缩。
tr	O	他把枪举到眼前看得更清楚，并且他发现一头长长的金色头发从一顶绿色迷彩帽下露出。
tr	I	He might as well have , but he didn 't say that .
tr	I	I could guess what that was going to lead to , and he was clearly still in his sour mood .
tr	O	风很冷，而且他比任何事都更想把她带到一个温暖安全的地方。
tr	O	他浑身是血，而且他问我是否还好。
tr	I	She 's very good at manipulation , and she 's smart .
tr	I	I will not be around here when it happens , and I 'll file for bankruptcy next week .
tr	O	那就是我希望我能说的话，但是我不想让他称心如意。
tr	O	米娅对他笑了，但是他没有回以微笑。
tr	O	他几乎已经习惯的那股热流随着那简单的触碰再次出现，但是他也没有留意。
tr	I	She didn 't want the other woman to know it , but hannah hadn 't a clue what Cheryl was talking about .
tr	O	男孩对着笑话笑了，但是他看起来更害怕而不是被逗乐。
tr	I	The one consistent thing was the way Jacques was with her , but Shea had taken a long time to assimilate all the information .
tr	I	She began to laugh and he quickly looked up .
tr	O	刷子在她身后轻轻作响，并且阿玛拉的心脏开始跳得非常快。
tr	O	他的夹克上沾满了泥土，他的运动鞋上也糊满了泥，连同他的牛仔裤。
tr	O	这不会是第一选择，但是他看起来仍然很棒。
tr	I	She was actively working to sabotage him , yet Sara was supposed to be mentoring him .
tr	I	She averted her face , and her smile died slowly .
tr	I	It was only getting worse the longer this marriage lasted , and it had been asking for trouble right from the jump .
tr	I	He wasn 't willing to leave Jake 's input completely out of the planning process , and Burly had a hunch that Jake was onto something .
tr	O	夜晚的噪音在他们周围响起，并且康妮握紧了她姐姐的手。
tr	O	这是一套不精确的程序，但是它看起来确实奏效了。
tr	O	他的声音听起来很紧张，但是他至少把话说出来了。
tr	O	这些话让她感到恶心，但是已经太晚无法回头了。
tr	O	起落架放松了，机身也降落下来，靠近了停机坪；就像一只鸟孵在蛋上一样。
tr	O	他做了，并且那更多是骨头。
tr	O	约瑟夫让他躺着别动，并且当司机翻译了这句话时，那人照做了。
tr	O	人群在那里观看斩首，并且他们大声欢呼。
tr	I	Sara still couldn 't swim straight and it had been close to an hour .
tr	I	He looked it , and he was a poor boy from Montgomery who spent too many nights boozing on an Alabama lake .
tr	I	Sally stared at Jack , waiting to be enlightened and the waiter departed .
tr	O	她的嘴唇失去了颜色，并且她原本苍白的脸颊变得煞白。
tr	O	我们这样做可能是错的，但是伊莱用他在俱乐部一个月的全部薪水跟我打赌这会成功。
tr	O	麻雀吃种子，但是猫头鹰喜欢老鼠。
tr	O	艾格尼丝问道，并且梦者点了点头。
tr	I	Those favored humans who had been visited by them , and she did her best to distract her sister with stories of the gods , the demigods .
tr	I	My stomach churned and when I thought about this , my chest got tight .
tr	O	三辆摩托车停了下来，并且负责人熄灭了引擎。
tr	O	每个A系列联赛的球队拥有三名美国球员，并且他们通常会获得伙食费，也许还有一些房租。
tr	I	He wouldn 't get any answers at that moment , but Ken could stand there for a long time with a cascade of questions .
tr	I	The needle stung as it slid into my neck , and his knee replaced his foot between my shoulder blades .
tr	I	I halted Posy near the second path and pulling back on the reins .
tr	I	Mason could see the tiny tattoos stretched on the backs of her fingers and her knuckles were white .
tr	I	It never lasted , but Andra knew that Nika had a tendency to go days without eating .
tr	I	He stared at the table as if it would make a good bed and when we broke apart , Will had that blazing look on his face .
tr	O	凯特琳的眼睛瞪得和盘子一样大，并且它一放下来她就开始吃了。
tr	I	He managed to struggle back to his feet , but he was clearly in pain .
tr	I	That could be the same objective with Harry , and you say that you are looking for his briefcase .
tr	O	他们转身离开，并且我走向了雷恩。
tr	O	费利克斯点了点头，并且他的呼吸慢了下来。
tr	I	I play with her hair , breathing in her vanilla scent and she rests her head on my chest .
tr	I	I think he might have some pull with a rehab center in town and I know a guy that owes me .
tr	O	我挣扎着站起来，但是克里斯特尔抓住了我的手阻止我。
tr	I	As they stepped farther into it , the light brightened , but the rather narrow room they had entered was somewhat dark .
tr	O	他注意到红发女子把手放在警官的枪上，并且他退开了。
tr	I	His face lit up and Zoey smiled at Tristan .
tr	O	她提问了，并且她的眉毛扬了起来。
tr	O	这次是我的声音提高了好几个八度，并且眼泪在我的眼眶里打转。
tr	O	我们有两个小时赶到机场，并且我们住得一点都不近。
tr	I	Raj held me in time , but I was about to fall .
tr	O	你已经和他订婚了，但是你们俩却策划了这场小把戏来愚弄我。
tr	O	我认识一对夫妇，他们受了很严重的伤，伤到肢体仅靠一根皮肤线悬着，并且伤口愈合了。
tr	O	你们在一起两百年了，而且你却从未与乔其特建立羁绊？
tr	O	我们需要知道的是有没有东西丢了，而且戴尔可能是最有可能知道的。
tr	I	I saw in her eyes she was disappointed , but nodding , she tried to put on a brave face .
tr	O	她的哥哥们对她可能过于保护，但是汤姆·约克更是如此。
tr	O	我伸手去把他手中的手机拿开，但是他却把手机抽走了。
tr	I	He 'd be chasing all of Alex 's records , and give him a few more years in the majors .
tr	O	普莉希拉是她世上唯一真正的朋友，并且现在她会因为她的狡猾而恨她。
tr	O	我们已经尽力了，并且已经派人去请外科医生了。
tr	I	In the end Zane was responsible for his own safety , and Zane would shake him easily .
tr	I	His eyes were hard , angry , but I thought he would be sad .
tr	O	泪水顺着他的脸颊流下，并且他的手开始颤抖。
tr	I	Kira forced herself not to react , but that same hand gave her breast a rough squeeze next .
tr	O	他转身，并且看到我的表情（我只能想象那表情看起来有多恐惧），他回答道。
tr	O	血液在他耳中轰鸣，并且他不得不大喊才能听到自己的声音。
tr	I	I doubted they had brought more weapons than a belt knife , but they were strong fighters .
tr	O	他问道，并且当我没有回答时，他伸出一只带血的手。
tr	O	她猛地向前扑去，但是我准备好了。
tr	I	It slowly faded with flames and the white fox fiend growled .
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，并且嗡鸣声又开始了。
tr	I	Neither did the little gargoyle , so I remain on my guard , but he does not stir at my approach .
tr	I	She arched against the warm pressure of his leg between hers and the pressure of his gentle torment made her ache for more .
tr	I	This was too much , but she had encouraged him to speak .
tr	O	我知道德里克对女巫集会很重要，但是我没想到他会有那么多传奇历史作支撑。
tr	I	I am fighting really hard to stay put and this uncontrollable urge to fly down the mountain has overcome me .
tr	I	He was forty-six years old , and she was twenty-three years old .
tr	I	For me to know I 'm afraid is good , but I can 't show it .
tr	I	He pinched the bridge of his nose between the fingers of his right hand , and his eyes closed .
tr	I	He looked up into her eyes and Marcos ' vision cleared a little .
tr	I	I thought about kicking him several times , and he wasn 't gentle with his flying .
tr	O	他不确定男孩是否听到了他的话，但是他没有时间再问一遍了。
tr	I	She realized that his eyes as well were threatening tears , and his anguish was so poignant that she began to cry .
tr	O	她那天早上起来时感觉很好，但是她显然让最近受伤的脚踝过度劳累了。
tr	I	None bracketed his chiseled lips and fewer lines fanned from his eyes .
tr	O	他无法再快了，然而这还不够快。
tr	I	At least he 'd let go of the club , letting it hang from a strap on his wrist , but he snorted , clearly disbelieving .
tr	I	Things could go back to normal and she could get her car back .
tr	O	我站起来时肌肉会抗议，并且我的手指因寒冷而麻木。
tr	O	我的血液凝固了，并且我后退了一步。
tr	I	I know he isn 't asleep yet , but his eyes are closed .
tr	O	他上前安慰她，并且他浑身都在抗议。
tr	O	他的妈妈是我的高中生物老师，并且她是我有史以来最喜欢的老师之一。
tr	I	Words wouldn 't come , but she tried to speak .
tr	I	It would hold me just as effectively , but the room may not have looked like a traditional prison cell .
tr	I	It grew larger by the day , and her absence had left an enormous void .
tr	I	Mandy laughing , sitting shoulder to shoulder and Al last night she 'd watched him .
tr	I	They will not remain in place for very long and it should not be necessary to use very many needles .
tr	I	Halliday was intrigued by it and the constable gave Horace a darting look .
tr	I	Then he links arms with me , and he gets to his feet , glancing at Kayden as he walks by .
tr	O	我爱克鲁如同儿子，但是我不能再允许无谓的流血了。
tr	O	他一生中很少遇到好运，并且现在他唯一关心的事情处于危险之中。
tr	I	It radiated such intensity that I was almost overwhelmed by it , but it was so soft .
tr	O	我之前回到森林边缘去收集我那些令人毛骨悚然的物品，并且我对将要做的事情不寒而栗。
tr	I	I am an easy target tonight , and it 's a vicious cycle .
tr	O	他很高兴知道所有呕吐背后的原因，但是他讨厌放弃她。
tr	O	我在床上醒来，并且我甚至没有想到要离开。
tr	I	I was regaining my humanity , but it had taken nearly eight hundred years .
tr	O	马可看着我片刻，他的眼睛变得湿润，并且然后轻轻地吻闭了我的眼睛。
tr	O	如果可以，我本可以杀了他，然而无法否认他已经死了。
tr	O	我心里有一部分想追他，但是我阻止了自己。
tr	I	I was still her father , and I hadn 't been instructed not to .
tr	I	She could escape , the better and the sooner they were back at the hotel .
tr	O	她告诉自己那只是因为低血糖，但是她知道那不仅仅如此。
tr	O	你内心受伤了，并且那些伤口正在溃烂。
tr	I	The other was curled on her stomach and one hand was draped over her brow .
tr	O	马蒂当时在我身后，而且我没有听到他。
tr	I	Here it was , being offered to me on a plate and this is exactly what I wanted to do with my life .
tr	O	我能想到的只有你受伤了，而且这让我感到彻骨的恐惧。
tr	O	赫尔曼解释说，伯爵的一位业务经理曾拥有这所房子，并且那个人可能还住在那里。
tr	I	Two monks were at the reins , and it looked like a coffin cart , with two souls in boxes .
tr	O	他声称拥有这片土地的领主权，而且我们之间已经交战数月。
tr	O	你要确保你和其他人明天好好休息。
tr	O	我们驶入空地，并且他熄灭了引擎。
tr	I	They had no meaning , but words chased themselves through the air .
tr	I	My mouth was bone dry like the sands of the Sahara , and my heart was a beating , wild mess in my chest .
tr	I	Some of them are wasting it being depressed but we 're all working hard here for them to have manifest life .
tr	I	I knew better , but I checked the garage to see if Tristan 's Jag was still there .
tr	O	也许他们不想被联系，他想，或者更糟的是，他们可能在搞鬼。
tr	I	She took a step backward , and it began to turn away .
tr	O	他很久没有为纯粹的乐趣开船了，并且他很高兴瓦尼亚提出了这个主意。
tr	O	当他第一次经过时，朱迪斯的车停在外面，但是却没有拉斐尔的踪影。
tr	I	His eyes flashed dark fire , and his brow furrowed .
tr	I	It was there , but it was like seeing it through a fog .
tr	I	She squeezed Rich 's hand and her eyes widened .
tr	O	然后他稍稍转过身，并且他的目光与里斯的相遇了。
tr	I	Her wide eyes gave her away , but Lucy was trying to be calm .
tr	O	我的思绪飞转，拼命寻找任何可能的下一步，但是这就像徒手捕风。
tr	O	我的语气出奇地平静，并且我有点吃惊地发现我的神经也平静了。
tr	I	I was comforted that she was alive , breathing , okay , yet it terrified me that she 'd witnessed that side of me .
tr	I	I stood shivering as I watched for Cadmus and the cold penetrated me from the outside in .
tr	O	他的笑容消失了，并且他的目光变得锐利了。
tr	I	I hadn 't moved a finger , but that was exactly what I had wanted to do to him .
tr	I	I could even send another deputy if you 'd prefer that , or I can be there if you want me to be there .
tr	O	齐克开始回答，但是柳树打断了他。
tr	O	我拍了它一下，并且它愤怒地吱吱叫了起来。
tr	I	Everyone yelled in surprise and Sir Horace lurched out from under - neath the pile of coats .
tr	O	她在伊斯特本和伯纳德一家过了圣诞节，而且我非常想念她。
tr	I	It at least frees up their other troops , but their borders are more secure , that regimental system of theirs is a joke .
tr	I	There were the occasional exceptions but the day to day operations routinely took care of themselves .
tr	O	他抬起下巴，而且我们在一个角落停了下来，等着红绿灯变。
tr	O	至少他明白她为什么心烦，而且他不会假装不知道。
tr	I	Reality 's bite feels like a missing body part , but I can 't understand the logic , having never carried a gun myself .
tr	I	I sat back up and that piqued my interest .
tr	O	我非常恨她，而且我希望她死。
tr	I	His light-blue eyes that nearly matched his father 's met mine , and he shrugged .
tr	O	他的胸膛静止了，仿佛她夺走了他的呼吸，而且他的手掌平放在被子上。
tr	I	That same guy will have miraculously come back to life and I can load it up again .
tr	I	Tension didn 't , but his alarm drained .
tr	O	她希望自己有更多精力，但是昨晚已经让她筋疲力尽。
tr	I	Standing against him had taken all the cold away , and she 'd been so awfully cold in the garden .
tr	I	A guy stepped in and Harry didn 't have time to get out his next question because the door opened .
tr	O	他的眼睛因不满而怒视，而且我停顿了一下。
tr	I	He was easily able to follow her blatant trail of broken twigs until it suddenly ended , but she ran fast .
tr	O	她试图装作坚强，但是我知道她内心很煎熬。
tr	O	我们还没回到事故前那种半调情半友谊的状态，但是我们正在接近那种状态。
tr	I	I always made sure to correct them , but unfortunately a few people called her Piggy behind her back .
tr	I	It was forced , unnatural , but suddenly the air felt very easy , the opposite of just a few moments before .
tr	O	麦克布莱德记得给母亲打电话，告诉她事情已经解决了，并且不需要再谨慎了。
tr	O	波浪越来越高，并且她把我往水下拽。
tr	I	His smile was disarming , but his gaze was intense .
tr	O	他们知道出了事，但是他们不知道是什么。
tr	O	一个穿黑皮衣的保镖想让他离开，但是萨姆亮出了他的五角星徽章。
tr	O	你们北方的贵族是一群贪婪的人，而且他们卷入了军火贸易。
tr	I	The first floor apartment was vacant , so I just treated the whole space as mine , but I was on the second floor .
tr	I	While they march , they do not fight , and it will be many days before they meet .
tr	O	我认出了南茜轻盈的脚步声，并且不久，她小跑着进入了灯笼微弱的光芒中。
tr	O	他对我露出一个狡黠的笑容，并且我们走出了大楼。
tr	I	Her thoughts were stopped in their tracks and the shop bell rang .
tr	O	她试图捂住电话，但是 我听到了她在和加文说话。
tr	O	她看起来有点摇晃，但是 她用平稳的声音回答了他询问的目光。
tr	O	他曾预料到这个人会有很多反应，但是 喜爱之情不包括在内。
tr	I	My lawyer told me I had to choose something , but my name is not Mara Dyer .
tr	O	房间很黑，但是 一道突如其来的闪电显示那是一个小客厅。
tr	O	她有了新工作，并且 她正在装修她的公寓。
tr	O	她像萨拉一样扑向我，撞到我身上，但是 感觉不一样。
tr	O	她的嘴唇是红色的，并且 她穿着引人注目的高跟鞋，衬托出她修长的双腿。
tr	I	This time I take it , and he offers his card again .
tr	O	阿玛拉疲惫地叫西鲁斯弯曲光线，并且 她观察了那些被捕获的人片刻。
tr	I	Answers demanded as confusion abounded and voices were quickly raised .
tr	I	That was something he would never take from me , and I was still Queen of the Skies .
tr	I	He had lit a fire of desire she thought long dead , yet she hadn 't known Ryan a week .
tr	I	We made small talk with them , and more people came up to Doyle .
tr	O	我遵循诺克斯的指示，并且我遇到一对走下台阶的夫妇。
tr	I	We believed them , but we thought them stupid .
tr	I	She grabbed my hand , and I shook my head .
tr	O	他将我的手穿过他的手，但是当我的手链擦过他的手腕时，他静止了。
tr	O	你很安全，并且我在这里。
tr	O	它向我飞驰而来，并且我本能地抓住了它。
tr	I	She gave me a sardonic grin and one of her pale eyebrows arched sexily .
tr	I	His family has worked for mine for generations and he has known me since we were boys .
tr	I	Stefan plunged relentlessly inside of me and our bodies moved together as one .
tr	O	已经过了几个星期了，但是她仍然在适应她的新工作。
tr	O	布朗温像罗伯特一样友善，并且每个人似乎都立刻喜欢她。
tr	O	我的喉咙收紧了，并且我咳嗽以缓解压力。
tr	O	多梅尼科能看出米丝蒂非常痛苦，并且他把她拉进怀里。
tr	O	巴黎准备跟着利雅德，但是他的手肘上的一只手阻止了他。
tr	I	It was all I could do to shuffle one foot in front of the next , and Kristin was getting heavier .
tr	O	他挣脱阿比盖尔的手，但是她没有放他走。
tr	I	Daisy knew she would never breathe a word about it , and he 'd never confided in anyone else .
tr	O	一些狼低声咆哮，但是蔡斯只是笑了。
tr	I	I will explain all , and I won 't run away .
tr	I	She was still holding that stupid Zima , but Georgie tried to fold her arms .
tr	O	我的身体只有感觉，并且在那时，一种感觉主宰了一切——口渴。
tr	O	她呼出一口气，并且一股威士忌向我袭来。
tr	I	When I looked up , the crowd had gone and the buildings were flashing by .
tr	I	I realized how deep that resentment toward his father really went and his expression didn 't change .
tr	I	We have found joy here , but I 'll admit I was furious in the beginning .
tr	O	我们美味的巧克力蛋糕上桌了，并且我注意到杰克逊正专注地看着我。
tr	I	Some men piled out and just then , thank goodness , a car pulled up behind the van .
tr	I	I answer anyway , but I am unsure of whom he has asked .
tr	I	She picked through my head as she stood there , and she was plastered , already .
tr	O	爱他，并且实质上抛弃了他，就像他认为他父母曾做过的那样。
tr	I	They are all holding onto the marker and it seems to work fine with three people as long as their total weight is below 600 pounds .
tr	I	He was told he could join on the following Monday and the interview was on a Friday .
tr	I	She nodded again , and tears pricked Emily 's eyes .
tr	I	That troubled him , and he remembered little of Rene 's death .
tr	O	她将剑柄砸在他的颅底，并且他像其他人一样倒下了。
tr	I	A familiar shadow moved stealthily inside , and the door behind me opened again .
tr	I	It 's not enough to keep me from reaching my friends but not knowing makes me leery .
tr	I	There was a certain neatness about him , but he wasn 't much of a dresser .
tr	I	Adrian immediately ran to my side , and I took a few halting steps toward the bush .
tr	I	It came , and he expected heated reaction .
tr	O	她被抓住了，并且她没有办法挣脱。
tr	O	我简直无法相信他说的话，但是他说这一切时没有一丝一毫的轻蔑。
tr	I	No one trusts the masks completely , but she has a mask .
tr	O	我试图对他微笑，但是我能感觉到那个笑容很勉强。
tr	I	Boarding twenty-five made for long days , considering each dog also needed to be walked , but it wasn 't so bad when there were fifteen .
tr	O	Trig不应该被允许形成灵魂伴侣，但是它却做到了。
tr	O	她的声音不像平时那样充满活力，而且我立刻担心是不是发生了什么事。
tr	I	Even force a smile and I rub her cheek a few times .
tr	O	他的棕色头发垂到下巴，并且一个纹身从他的衣领下露出来。
tr	I	Conrad muttered something under his breath , and at this the brothers laughed again .
tr	O	我以为她说的是她丈夫，并且我无法想象什么样的男人会娶像她这样的女人。
tr	O	显然她为摩根担心得发狂，但是她却对聚集在拖拉机棚里的人群强装镇定。
tr	O	他的脚踝被银子碰过的地方灼痛，但是他没怎么在意。
tr	I	She opened the door with a trembling hand and his knock came less than ten seconds later .
tr	I	My head is hanging over the other and my ass is high on one side .
tr	I	It 's amazing and I press my lips to his .
tr	O	是的，他们说的一些事情有点，嗯，可疑，但是这却让我很高兴。
tr	I	You 're so much ... larger than he , but I know it amuses you to beat my fiance unconscious .
tr	I	I was decided , and we were beaten .
tr	O	她上方的光线增强了，并且她的挣扎骤然变得微弱。
tr	O	他伸手去拿那张照片，并且勃里格斯把它拉了回去。
tr	I	It dissolved before anything so bright actually formed , but Sarah started to smile .
tr	I	I had a feeling Juliet was with her , but we switched to trying to find Thea because of Blackie .
tr	I	I could see relief written on her face and she looked up at me with teary eyes .
tr	I	He hadn 't thought to stop and she 'd been eager , willing .
tr	O	铁链套在她纤细的手腕上，并且我能看到它们都被割破了。
tr	I	No sound emerged but his mouth gaped .
tr	I	That 's pretty much what he was and he had always looked to me like the long-haired hippie English professor .
tr	I	He was still having trouble with it , and I could tell Director Milton was trying to piece together what he saw .
tr	O	男人们的脸像石头一样茫然，但是他们的眼睛却不停地转动，警惕着任何可能威胁到他们公主的危险。
tr	I	I want you , and I know you .
tr	O	它两旁栽种着白杨树、枫树，以及尼尔不认识的另一种树。
tr	I	It wasn 't like Bill was beating her up , but they thought Charlie 's relationship with Bill was horrible .
tr	I	Laughing when we were done , but we were covered in paint .
tr	O	这就是埃莉暗示的，但是卡罗尔却拒绝接受。
tr	O	他的另一只手卡住我的脖子，并且我听到了自己窒息的声音。
tr	O	我们离开了我们的小镇，乡村的美景试图驱散仍然困扰我的幻象，但是它们仍然在那里。
tr	I	It 's happening again , and Money went missing when Gio first took over the company .
tr	O	皮肤感觉很脆弱，并且她的手很凉。
tr	I	They thought this understandable , so I had a reprieve from having to answer , for a while at least , but I was still without words .
tr	O	战士们想做什么就做什么，想什么时候做就什么时候做，并且没有任何尖刻的言论能阻止他们。
tr	O	他一直独自一人住在家里，但是那将不再可能了。
tr	I	She looked after me when I was little , and she 's a few years older than me .
tr	I	Cooper promptly sat down on the sidewalk , refusing to budge , and I slammed open the gate to the park .
tr	O	他的呼吸加速了，并且他的眼睛闭上了。
tr	O	伊森早上上班了，并且麦肯齐练习睡懒觉。
tr	I	I thought I 'd probably swallowed more blood than I 'd realized , and my gut was churning like a cement mixer .
tr	I	Now it deepened , but Braddock always wore a scowl .
tr	O	你刚刚赤手空拳杀了一个人，并且你看起来随时准备再做一次。
tr	O	我把头从桌上抬起时转向了他，并且他对我变得严肃起来。
tr	O	门铰链生锈了，但是通过缓慢打开舱口，本发现他发出的噪音最少。
tr	O	他在浴室又待了五分钟，并且我差点睡着了，除了我的大脑实在太忙于处理一切了。
tr	I	Tonight their envious glances were particularly sweet , but men always turned to look at her .
tr	I	The second he did she started to hear voices in front of them , but he tried to direct them into the forest .
tr	O	他当时是医生，并且她对此心存感激。
tr	O	据报纸报道，玛塞拉·威尔逊破产了，但是她却没有那样生活。
tr	I	It wasn 't a cooling touch , but the wind blew over her skin .
tr	I	Stopped it cold , and stood against it .
tr	I	They join the procession making its way toward the hidden path to the river and he takes her hand .
tr	I	Her eyebrows came together and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	他咬紧了牙关，但是思考它没有用。
tr	I	He knew that He was going to create a place called Earth and God knows everything .
tr	O	我尽力地推，并且轮胎打滑了。
tr	I	That never occurred to me , but I guess couples are expected to sample the wares before committing themselves .
tr	O	杰克很痛苦，并且他孤身一人。
tr	I	They will not accept that , but it is impossible .
tr	O	让我帮你，并且我稍后会回来拿包。
tr	I	This time , it felt wide open , but my world had been shrinking every day , penning me in .
tr	O	总而言之，我觉得整件事有点傻，但是我决定不就此大做文章。
tr	O	克莱把车停在大楼前，并且他们匆匆走进去了。
tr	O	校园警察曾说要待在一起，不要晚上独自乱逛，但是她却独自一人在这里。
tr	I	She took a step closer , and her voice vibrated with excitement .
tr	O	她回头看到戴蒙拿着他的弗吉尼亚松木杆站在远处，但是她没有发现任何异常。
tr	I	It 's not from the morning sun beating down on me , and I 'm sweating .
tr	O	弗里奥有枪，而且迪伦怀疑她会毫不犹豫地使用它。
tr	O	又是一阵漫长的停顿，并且我开始感到不安。
tr	O	我担心我们会对彼此说什么，但是这件事却从未发生。
tr	O	兰德·金凯德的拼图碎片契合了，并且她不喜欢正在形成的画面。
tr	I	He could see movement all around him and the truck was at sixty now .
tr	I	He shrank away , not letting her get the toxic sludge on her fingers , but she reached for him .
tr	I	I noticed Gabriel seemed fascinated in watching me do my domestic goddess duties , but neither of us was very talkative .
tr	O	我们知道她在哪里，并且我们有暂时的优势。
tr	I	When I open them Mason is standing above me but I close my eyes for just a few seconds .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to call attention to himself just yet , and she hadn 't realized he was watching .
tr	O	后舱门打开了，并且宇宙在我周围爆炸了。
tr	I	He 'd missed the days post by a long way and by the time K left the cottage it was after nine .
tr	O	亚历克斯不耐烦地说，并且她的姐姐皱起了眉。
tr	I	She remembered it to be broad , but it wasn 't her usual aisle .
tr	O	他轻弹了一下按钮，并且又安静了。
tr	I	I didn 't have to answer , and he sounded resigned .
tr	I	She wasn 't , but she should be used to the obnoxious questions of the media by now .
tr	I	A very long night was still in front of them , and it had been a very long day .
tr	O	她的脸板了起来，眉头紧锁，并且迈克尔当时就知道他再也不想惹这个女人。
tr	I	We walked south on the beach and he caught up .
tr	I	She knew that he must have gotten straight in the car after they talked and she saw the bedside clock glowing two in the morning .
tr	I	The beach wasn 't far away , and the streets were lined with shops of all sorts .
tr	O	男孩去他的鸭子那里了，并且那个男人在农庄里忙着维持生计所需的各种杂务。
tr	I	I understood that , and it was vulnerable .
tr	O	那个男人看起来令人难以置信，但是他说得有道理。
tr	O	我用力吻了他，因为我能，并且他没有做出任何阻止我的努力。
tr	I	It would curve in flight and it was an elbow of drift wood .
tr	I	Her cl * t was swollen , and her slit was dripping with cream .
tr	I	His voice filled the room , yet Calin spoke quietly .
tr	O	我当时在想我们无法确定那一点，但是我也无法说出相反的话。
tr	O	我内心深处某种遥不可及的东西正从一个非常小的空间爬入我全身，并且我能感觉到它。
tr	I	I can see the traces of pain on his face , but I don 't think he 's even aware of it .
tr	I	Frank stood over him and the bully went down .
tr	I	You don 't or you either open yourself up to it .
tr	I	I also wanted to fortify my position , but that was partly true .
tr	O	迈克把信息转达给了马蒂，并且他们交换了一个担忧的眼神。
tr	I	A small satisfied smile played around his lips and after a short while his eyes brightened .
tr	I	As she did , pain shot up one leg , but Holland tried to run .
tr	O	笑声在他们身后响起，并且她知道他们是安全的。
tr	O	现在才周三，并且我有这种期待。
tr	I	I can change them and I wrote the regulations .
tr	O	共济会最初由伦敦行会创建，旨在为慈善事业筹集资金，并且释放应许之地是其最终目标。
tr	I	My weight didn 't seem to be causing her any trouble , but I wasn 't sure where we were going .
tr	O	达比总是让我振作起来，并且我已经感觉好多了。
tr	O	她知道她正在为竞选活动工作，但是她没想到她会和任何人一起工作。
tr	O	她的脸贴在他的身边，并且他的手臂紧紧地环抱着她。
tr	O	乔治把杯子放得太重了，并且酒溅到了黄色的桌布上。
tr	I	He looked so cute doing it and Rico was sulking .
tr	I	A cool sense of purpose slowly slid into place as I drew on all of Wolfe 's lessons , and Blood pounded in my ears .
tr	O	普雷斯顿绕过一个沙坑，并且文斯跟在后面。
tr	O	她的脸黑了下来，并且她笑得很开心。
tr	O	她曾希望他们能领先，但是看来情况并非如此。
tr	I	She moaned in pain , but he lifted her gingerly .
tr	I	That alone was a vast , soaring relief , and I didn 't have to lie any longer .
tr	I	Ashes rained down and Solange backed away from the undead as the remaining flames burst into a bright fireball .
tr	O	特洛伊和他的高中女友旧情复燃，并且几乎在他意识到发生了什么之前，他又重新爱上了她。
tr	O	我内心如打结般紧张，但是我不会退缩。
tr	O	确实，克莱尔似乎从未对成为我的朋友感兴趣，但是也许我一直都错过了什么。
tr	O	早上才刚过六点，并且世界一片寂静。
tr	O	电梯门开了，并且一名特工走了出来。
tr	I	Getting two weeks off really made a difference for her , and I think the new job is stressing her quite a bit .
tr	O	他下一口气吸入的是干净清新的空气，但是烟雾仍然在那里。
tr	O	他的目光转向我身后的某物，并且他推开了那杯未碰过的热巧克力。
tr	O	杰瑞对波德眨了眨眼，但是她没看到。
tr	I	She opened up to let me inside , and I teased her lips with my tongue .
tr	O	我了解这个国家，并且我很高兴能来到这里，基本上。
tr	I	They opened , and I approached them , pushed .
tr	O	我看着她，准备对她仍然站在那里发表评论，但是瑞克有他自己的计划。
tr	O	她曾要求在设计中加入一点颜色，并且他们同意了红色。
tr	I	I hesitated , and as soon as we were on steady ground , he dropped my hand .
tr	O	我的目光移向了她的嘴唇，并且我的心跳加快了速度。
tr	I	His hands were no longer in his pockets , but his unnerving expression hadn 't changed at all .
tr	I	I didn 't want him to think I was an utter idiot , but he offered to come get me .
tr	O	这只花了一瞬间，并且他已把门锁打开了。
tr	I	He approached a big black SUV and we went down .
tr	O	我开始出汗，并且我的心跳声如此强烈地暴露了我。
tr	I	God , it was comfortable , but it may have been ugly .
tr	I	I catch sight of the numbers on her wrists and she sweeps her hair forward , hoping he won 't notice .
tr	O	这就像他们从未见过的事物，甚至称得上是奇迹，但是杰里米知道她会成功。
tr	O	教练把我们送到了家，并且我们感谢他搭我们一程。
tr	I	One look at the efficient Kate reminded her that they had a serious issue on their hands , but Sloane grinned .
tr	I	She sat up straighter , but Pamela 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	O	他伸手过来抓我的手，并且我让他的手指轻轻触碰我的手指一秒钟，然后我把它抽开。
tr	O	我倒吸一口气，并且他的眼睛变暗了，他的脸颊泛红，同时他楔入了我的性器那紧握的开口。
tr	I	Brady was also technically work , wasn 't he , but she knew that she was neglecting her work a bit to go see Brady ?
tr	I	A large part of that large part was pleased by meeting goals efficiently , and Gansey derived a large part of his pleasure from meeting goals .
tr	O	他擦破了指关节的皮肤，并且他的皮肤上沾满了石膏灰尘。
tr	O	有扭曲灼烧的疼痛，并且它在迅速加剧。
tr	O	我有一个宇航员，并且我正在给他做吃的。
tr	I	We couldn 't keep up with him , and when he bagged his first one though , his attitude changed .
tr	O	阿拉里克看着基利跑回楼上，并且他转过身去，不相信自己不会追上去。
tr	O	他是繁育者，天性是捕食者，但是他体内的吸血鬼从未吓到过克莱尔。
tr	O	我笑了，并且当我回想那天时，我的神经镇定了一些。
tr	I	Allie began to wonder if maybe he wasn 't playing fair , and there was no sign of Milos .
tr	O	他们所有的孩子都在她身上学会了骑行，但是当他们的孩子搬走后，他们让她退役了。
tr	O	如果他在上次之后这么快就和她睡觉，那会耗尽她的能量，并且她可能真的会得到她想要的。
tr	I	Chey had had a crush on him since forever , but Joe might be a relatively recent infatuation for Eve .
tr	O	她备受推荐，并且我给了她一大笔钱让她成为埃勒里的私人护士。
tr	O	迈克尔的眼睛猛地睁开，并且他看着自己的手。
tr	O	在它第三次摆动时我掌握了时机，并且我对着那条腿也挥了一下。
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure he 's the only one I 've ever loved and I 'm the only person he 's ever loved .
tr	O	所有其他信息都存储在机器本身内部，而且只有机器才能再次从中取出这些词。
tr	O	我们所做的一切都只在所有在场方的同意下发生，并且每天都像沙漠中的圣诞节一样。
tr	O	奥迪车打了个180度的转，并且我们滑进了距离任何一辆车保险杠几英寸的停车位。
tr	O	我像对待家人一样支持我的族人，并且我主张以理性的方式维持我们的崇拜。
tr	O	他开始赞同他的妻子，但是他还没有准备好承认这一点。
tr	O	她环顾四周等待有人回答，并且我举起了手。
tr	O	仿佛时间停止了，而且迈向楼梯的每一步都像永恒。
tr	I	She didn 't stop , but I cringed .
tr	O	她不喜欢这样，但是撒谎的选项目前最安全。
tr	O	我的全身感到虚弱，而且我伤痕累累的身体里有一种刺痛感。
tr	O	我们团队的所有人都这样做了，而且一直以来我们都知道会把他们送去屠宰场。
tr	O	我从身上解开了摩根，但是麦肯纳显得更有些抗拒。
tr	O	我快速地走进去，而且就在那时它开始发生了。
tr	I	Ryan could see he was at an end , and Amanda 's final comment was similar .
tr	I	Hester found herself enjoying the maternal companionship , and it was a role Jessica had filled .
tr	I	I make it anyway , but it 's undoubtedly the wrong one .
tr	O	一个月前本来会是四十三，但是这是一个最终警告，紧急提醒。
tr	I	Only as they continued on did Levana notice a fragility to Solstice that had at first been hidden by her beauty , and the gesture seemed protective .
tr	O	艾米丽是禁区，或者他们的救星已经走了。
tr	O	我看着你，并且我的存在有了意义。
tr	I	Mostly there 'd be an admission of failure , but occasionally it seemed to work for a while .
tr	O	在狼群中炫耀他们的锡器，并且制造着敌意。
tr	I	Something cold was on my neck and I felt something small hit me .
tr	O	他对威尔士语的掌握尚不完美，并且他的兰开夏口音有时仍然会流露出来。
tr	I	He deserved it , but I might 've tried to soften the fall .
tr	O	我能听到高速公路上呼啸而过的车流声，但是寂静笼罩着这片荒凉的停车场。
tr	I	Its juice tasted better than any I ever had and the fruit came from one of the trees in the backyard .
tr	O	这个男人谦逊，担忧，然而他发呆时眼中的神情告诉杰斯这首歌对他意义非凡。
tr	O	肾上腺素流遍她的全身，使她的手颤抖，并且她服用的药片开始加剧问题。
tr	O	我知道你为什么混迹夜店，但是一定有更好的办法。
tr	O	那个阿拉伯人就在这条街上，但是他现在有点心不在焉。
tr	I	Being in my head wasn 't much better and being in that world was no good place to be .
tr	O	杰森看着我的眼睛，并且我能看到担忧刻在那里。
tr	I	It wouldn 't last , but sure , they were fun to begin with .
tr	I	She purred for him and he licked her again .
tr	O	我的侧身疼痛，并且很难感到舒服。
tr	I	You regret taking a bite and it 's satisfying for one distinct moment before you realize that it 's too much .
tr	I	The lights were on as if everything were completely normal and there were a few cars in the driveway .
tr	I	I had to do research and I knew nothing about Gypsies .
tr	I	The guy standing beside her seemed thrilled about this , and Bree looked wasted .
tr	O	我的身体开始颤抖，并且我痛苦地尖叫。
tr	O	那个叛逆的想法形成了，并且她把它推到一边。
tr	I	Greg wanted information , and her mother had no desire to see her .
tr	I	Younger women that flaunt their bodies usually have no idea what they 're in for and a tease is confident .
tr	O	那些声音继续说着，但是我保持专注。
tr	I	There wasn 't one to be seen , but Mad Dog glanced around for the wagon .
tr	I	I knew right away that it was a fine thing , but it took some time to digest this .
tr	O	威廉接着决定以 Z 字形移动来控制遥控车，并且他饶有兴致地看着僵尸们左右摇摆。
tr	I	It 's not overtly sexual , but I 'm in a dress .
tr	O	我打开它，但是蛋糕甚至还没熟。
tr	O	他很快，非常快，也很强壮，并且她拼命地抱紧了他。
tr	O	我瞥了一眼我的左手，并且它在颤抖。
tr	O	他张开嘴，并且他看起来像是在努力说些什么意义非凡的话，那些话或许能把我从这种内心的痛苦中解脱出来。
tr	I	Still it hurt to remember him , and it had been more than a decade since she 'd seen him .
tr	O	他的脸上浮现出狂喜的表情，并且他立刻同意，认为那是完美的地方，完美的解决方案。
tr	O	触摸我，并且你将再次感受到。
tr	O	他的手握住了她的手，并且她差点掉了她的红烩汤勺。
tr	I	They stood shoulder to shoulder , and he moved closer to Isabelle .
tr	I	We stood and I nodded .
tr	I	Logic was not getting a vote , but she knew she shouldn 't want it .
tr	I	Maybe the CEO was just another of those arrogant bastards that thought he could get away with anything , or perhaps he was drunk .
tr	I	The flatware rattled and the glasses wobbled .
tr	I	She carried a glimmer of hope from a different source , but Stephanie had missed the excitement .
tr	O	我轻推了一下查斯特，并且她抬起头。
tr	O	格兰特轻笑一声，并且凯尔更加伸展身体，闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	I 've already seen what lies in that direction , and you 've got more to see .
tr	O	他期待地等着我做出某种回应，但是我只是默默地继续盯着照片。
tr	O	埃莉诺惊讶地倒吸一口气，但是她太滑溜了，以至于哈特直接滑进了她体内。
tr	O	每当她载人时总是很尴尬，但是尽管车子老旧，扬声器却还不错。
tr	O	然后我看到自己穿的衣服，并且我把它们拉回到我的下巴。
tr	O	他看着她闭着眼睛的瘫软身体，并且他笑了。
tr	O	凯尔特没有咆哮，但是喉咙里发出了一声几乎听不见的咕哝声。
tr	I	It was too much trouble to turn her head , but she attempted to focus on Nicolae , to see if he needed help .
tr	I	The tires roll forward and he shoves the shifter into gear .
tr	O	他的手指仍然玩弄着她的臀部，并且她喜欢那样。
tr	I	You have some interesting abilities and you three are pretty skilled .
tr	O	最后他们走了，并且科里独自一人沉思着。
tr	I	He handed over the folder , but Iain 's entire posture screamed how pissed he was .
tr	O	她渴望与我重逢的心境与我自己的如出一辙，但是，我却无能为力。
tr	I	Tami still hasn 't woken up and I 'm going home tomorrow .
tr	I	Her heart beat faster , and Diego entered the bedroom .
tr	O	我的心又一次怦怦直跳，想象着可能是威廉，但是来电显示却是未知号码，并非斯特拉特福投资公司。
tr	I	She wouldn 't have let her best friend marry me or while I think she still hates me I know deep down inside that she doesn 't .
tr	I	I opened it instead , but I was about to set it on the table behind me .
tr	I	He didn 't want to push her into something she didn 't sincerely want , but he suspected she was miserable .
tr	I	He knew not to push it , but now that was an exciting thought .
tr	O	我想在西雅图有辆车会很方便，但是我还是为此闷闷不乐了足足半天。
tr	I	Anna found herself alone with Nate and the room emptied quickly .
tr	O	鲜血沿着它的前部流淌下来，并且安德烈知道它没救了。
tr	I	I know Janice does care about him , and it 's true he has a mother .
tr	I	My balance was so off I couldn 't squat over the water for very long but I tried too .
tr	O	他的目光离开了她的，并且空虚感涌上她的心头。
tr	I	Eventually , it seemed to have ended , but it last for more than an hour .
tr	I	To Jacqueline it sounded uneducated , but some might find it pleasing .
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他咧嘴笑了。
tr	I	I doubt it , but if a person could kept us on it for a millennium , we may have an issue .
tr	O	她看着那个黑发女人，而且她现在看到的不仅仅是眼泪。
tr	O	我拼命地游，但是这毫无用处。
tr	I	He knew more would accumulate , and he already had an inventory of the wounds that needed tending first .
tr	O	那些大型石质建筑覆盖着白色灰泥，并且它们的屋顶是红瓦的。
tr	I	When nothing came up , I typed in the author 's name , and I typed in the title .
tr	I	Occasional thunder rumbled through the air , and the summer sky was overcast with lead .
tr	O	她分不清是哪里，但是那次对话肯定有些奇怪。
tr	O	我曾在一个商会会议上见过他，并且如果我没记错的话，我们谈论过市中心需要新的人行道。
tr	O	一股强烈的渴望在我们之间涌动，并且我想知道她是否也感受到了。
tr	O	你告诉他回家后给你打电话，但是当他打来时，你却没有接电话。
tr	O	她都带着一丝微笑看着他们，但是最后一个却让她的嘴唇颤抖起来。
tr	I	His death would be a kindness to his horse , and he would be an easy mark .
tr	O	一阵冷风吹过，并且她努力不让自己发抖。
tr	O	他的真诚毋庸置疑，但是许多人却私下里疑惑他为何费心。
tr	I	Soon he was asleep , and drowsiness was overpowering him .
tr	I	Asking was her job , right , but Kylie hadn 't expected an answer ?
tr	I	I know that he 's there , but I can 't see Ben .
tr	O	当然，理论上她理解了，但是那不意味着她知道自己能去哪里。
tr	I	I closed my eyes and the room tilted a little .
tr	I	They startled her as they scurried out the main door and Mommy came in with her shopping , humming a tune .
tr	I	Strands of hair clung to her dampened face , and a sheen of sweat glistened across her forehead .
tr	O	安德烈的一只手臂搭在塔莎椅子的靠背上，并且他用空闲的手轻抚着她的上臂。
tr	I	The tentacle would get closer , and the baby would be bigger .
tr	I	He might not have the sense to get out of my way , either and he couldn 't spell worth shit .
tr	O	我们的小弟弟突然有了一部手机，并且他突然口袋里有钱了。
tr	I	He used my own feelings like bullets to my heart and I told him some pretty serious stuff about my father .
tr	O	一个浪头在我头顶上方翻滚，并且我潜入浪下，从另一边重新浮出。
tr	I	I think he was glad to be here , but in the end , I 'm afraid we only shocked him .
tr	O	他们强大无比，而且那让阿拉颇为怀疑。
tr	I	After a while my eyes adjusted , but naturally I couldn 't see anything except murky blackness .
tr	O	他没有邀请她加入，但是她还是跟着去了。
tr	O	道路变得更加平坦，并且男人们能够更精准地射击攻击他们的飞行生物。
tr	I	I don 't mind , but sometimes he repeats stories .
tr	I	His green eyes narrowed and he glared at Aiden .
tr	O	夜晚变得更冷了，并且我停了下来。
tr	I	She lifted to his mouth , seeking more and he flicked her clitoris with his stiffened tongue .
tr	O	我的眼泪模糊了视线，并且我擦去了它们。
tr	O	正如我之前告诉你的，自从你的婚礼以来我一直在关注你，并且我对我所看到的一切产生了好感。
tr	O	她本可以从天使拉泽尔那里得到任何东西，并且她救了我的兄弟。
tr	I	There was no mistaking that Dennis ' name had been called , but the rumbling of the car 's idling engine muffled the words .
tr	O	他拉了拉门把手，并且门就打开了。
tr	O	他知道我担心我们的身体关系会失控，并且他理解了。
tr	O	马克斯试图移开视线，但是他做不到。
tr	O	她试图甩开他的手，但是他不肯放手。
tr	I	Each time they cut off so abruptly , but my most recent memories were of my final night on earth .
tr	I	We ended the first half and the show went on smoothly .
tr	I	Parker was the wizard behind the curtain whom everyone wanted to see , but there were several of them in attendance .
tr	I	The anger he nurtured was more intense than I realized , but at first I thought that it was just a natural attachment to his loved ones .
tr	I	He could see the beads of sweat on the back of her neck and she was holding her hair piled up on top of her head .
tr	I	This time the guilt was consuming , and my tongue burned with the lie .
tr	O	他柔和的目光似乎在恳求我的坦诚，并且我不安的眼神设法与他的目光相遇而没有退缩。
tr	I	He could see her feeling for him , as well as for his brother , and she stared into his eyes .
tr	O	疲劳袭卷了她，并且她的肌肉因长时间的颤抖而酸痛。
tr	I	You won 't believe me unless you see with your own eyes , all right , but Jon , I 'll tell you everything ?
tr	O	她在第一声铃响时就接了电话，并且我立刻听出了她声音中的恐慌。
tr	O	我与你没有密切关联，并且你对我来说很陌生。
tr	I	He loved puzzles and he loved history .
tr	O	他想知道为什么他先在街对面的小巷里看到了她，并且现在又在他所站的小巷里。
tr	O	她在他身后叫着，但是他摇了摇头。
tr	O	这根手杖很光滑，并且深色木材闪着光泽。
tr	I	She did it anyway , but she knew it was wrong to tell anyone .
tr	I	It was different this time , but anyway , Anna screamed again .
tr	I	He extended his hand , and Henry stood beside his .
tr	O	因为他点太多鸡肉了，并且他让她在食物上花费巨大。
tr	O	有些人一生都找不到一份真爱，但是我们却可以与一个人厮守永恒。
tr	O	柔和、清脆的笑声从她口中发出，并且他的胸口附近传来一阵痉挛。
tr	I	The weight of it was sending throbs of pain through him with every step , and he had strapped the gallows shield to his wounded arm .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but Joshua knew the lecture was coming .
tr	I	I blinked heavily as it dripped into my eyes , and a rivulet of sweat broke across my forehead .
tr	I	There were smudges in various places where the pen had leaked , and he 'd used a fountain pen when he 'd written them .
tr	O	他见到贝蒂的喜悦对所有人来说都是显而易见的，并且所有人都让他们独自待了几分钟。
tr	I	He did so in a sexy way , and his body frame was built to hold the extra weight .
tr	O	他把胳膊交叉在吧台上，并且她能感觉到他专注地看着她，等着她与他对视。
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I knew he was right .
tr	I	I don 't even really care , and I don 't know who gave it to me .
tr	O	我活着，而且这一切都在发生。
tr	I	I would not go back on it and I gave Reina my word of honor .
tr	I	They had to be at least six feet four and the two shortest of the group were identical in looks .
tr	I	I can feel his hardness pressing against me and Kayden adjust his arm so it 's under my backside .
tr	O	我们只有两个人，并且我把弗兰克留在了离大楼一个街区远的地方。
tr	O	他转过街角，并且那酒吧在黑暗中隐约出现。
tr	I	I don 't think they 're as nice as these and I 've seen some steer back east .
tr	I	Her shoulders drooped with discouragement and this time , she slouched .
tr	I	Sex was a rarity , and he was a prisoner .
tr	I	Phil 's joy knew no bounds and she 'd announced to Philip that she 'd become pregnant just before he went downhill .
tr	I	He knew that as soon as they got home that night he 'd have some explaining to do and he could see the worry in her eyes .
tr	I	That was it , but he had a number to call .
tr	O	和她在一起让我痛不欲生，但是我比任何事都更渴望这种痛苦。
tr	O	我小时候有哮喘，不算很严重，但是我在中学前就痊愈了。
tr	I	I 'll keep the promise until I die , and I promised you that .
tr	O	我的训练课是第一节，但是之后我在八月指导年幼的孩子们。
tr	I	Yet his lie stood between them , and with each passing moment his desire for Madeline increased .
tr	I	We smell disgusting , and I know we 're filthy .
tr	O	虚空在西方，并且迷宫在东方。
tr	I	As she did , her gaze fell on Claire , and she brushed her shiny hair back .
tr	I	Dai Li 's red eyes held me paralyzed , but I stood out of the way with Sean .
tr	O	你将作为我的保镖陪伴我，并且我的保镖将是我的贴身男仆。
tr	O	你磨蹭太久了，而且大家都已经走了。
tr	O	这个发现让她大吃一惊，并且她发现自己绞尽脑汁想说些什么，一些轻松的应对能让她安全回到轻松的局面。
tr	I	He could tell by the way her shoulders shook that she was crying but she looked down at her shoes so he couldn 't see her face .
tr	I	She was used to being alone , but it was nice to have company .
tr	I	That lump rises in the back of my throat again , and she sounds more than a little bit awestruck .
tr	O	更多的人正在爬上平台，并且他发现自己同时面对三个人。
tr	I	I settled in to watch the fencing match and her eyes threw daggers my direction .
tr	O	她的魔力会翻倍，而且很快，维罗就会和她的姐妹们一样强大。
tr	I	None of it was good and he had heard a lot about prison life .
tr	O	他在颤抖，并且他瘦削的肩膀绝望地弓着。
tr	I	There is a huge moat all around it and the walls are very tall .
tr	O	午夜将至，并且风也刮起来了。
tr	I	The lid popped off to spill grinds everywhere and it bounced off the floor at his feet .
tr	O	他尝起来更像我而不是他，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	她的声音失去了早前的欢快，并且我讨厌这是我的错。
tr	I	I grab her shoulder , but she begins walking again .
tr	I	My family didn 't even know I 'd been gone , and Raegan would be at her parents ' .
tr	O	他走向门口，但是那些画面如此真实，以至于那幅画一直把他拉回来，让他想看更多。
tr	O	一如既往，我不得不把猜测留给你，但是我们最好不要再直接谈论此事了。
tr	I	The profits had been small , but they had been easy prey .
tr	I	I shook my head to clear it and I felt my hands begin to bleed .
tr	O	我已经在这上面投入太多了，而且也许是时候彻底解除这种压力了。
tr	I	I got smacked across the side of my chin , and I looked up to see where we were heading .
tr	I	She jumped , and a hand landed lightly on Elizabeth 's back .
tr	O	我给他套上缰绳，并且我们悄无声息地离开了围栏。
tr	O	他的话语在我心中回荡，并且我对他笑了。
tr	I	He had disappeared just like he had on that first day , but she looked around the classroom for him .
tr	I	When I helped him pull it out its like it was never there and his leg was even impaled by a branch .
tr	O	肯特扬了扬眉，并且，随后丘伊就明白了。
tr	I	I leaned against him as we walked , and he slipped his arm around my waist .
tr	O	到达指定交叉口只用了半个多小时，并且梅赛德斯奔驰车已经缓行了。
tr	O	我每次戳他都对他做鬼脸，但是不到二十分钟我就已经感觉好多了。
tr	O	他身上有些东西变了，一些重要的东西，但是我不知道是什么。
tr	I	My father made money in theatres : and I began to study singing again .
tr	I	For a few moments the pasture gleams a blinding white and the late afternoon sun finds a gap in the overcast sky .
tr	I	No sound came out but fear filled her eyes .
tr	O	豪尔赫看着他，并且他点了点头表示赞同。
tr	I	They 've all lost family to the Corporation , but they aren 't like me .
tr	I	Suddenly , I felt uncomfortable telling Adrian about it , but I hadn 't been keeping the rest a secret .
tr	O	我取得了一些进展，但是我又把书放到一边了。
tr	O	我不再漂浮了，而且我不喜欢这样。
tr	I	Sometimes those whispers blot out the sense of things , but it doesn 't mean my dad will .
tr	O	利亚姆问，并且她点了点头。
tr	O	他在我对他做鬼脸时离开了丁香丛，但是显然他没有走远。
tr	O	他的父亲通过恐吓来发泄愤怒，并且哈特从未学到还有其他方式。
tr	I	I felt that rush , the glorious rush of power and I felt it , the minute the knife slid in .
tr	I	Jackson 's arm grazed hers and the sidewalk narrowed as they walked by the mathematics building .
tr	I	Clint was scrambling to figure it out and something had just passed unsaid between them .
tr	I	Her ladies ' boots slipped on the icy trail and her feet ached on the river crossings .
tr	I	He 's about what I expected , but I haven 't met any mercenaries .
tr	O	我们吵了一架，并且你就给你另一个男朋友打电话。
tr	I	I could see that a disturbance had occurred and when I arrived at the apartment the door was ajar .
tr	I	I wouldn 't stand for a marriage without trust but I wanted him for the rest of my life .
tr	I	There 's a jaguar out killing people , but I don 't know if Byron warned you .
tr	O	希望在她眼中闪现，但是她天性多疑。
tr	O	他的灰色T恤中间有一个大洞，并且他的牛仔短裤底部破烂不堪。
tr	O	我会尽快让布莱斯释放你，但是你必须做好你的那部分。
tr	I	For a while she recovered her old animation , and suddenly Freda found no difficulty in talking to these total strangers .
tr	I	The realization of it made them uneasy and they were to accomplish an important mission .
tr	O	我模模糊糊地意识到红裙子对我说了一些话，在我的视线模糊并且我被推入面包车之前。
tr	O	我弓起了身子，并且唯一让我没有扑倒在地的是他们抓着我胳膊的力道。
tr	I	The moonlight seemed to light up every corner , and we stood in Mother 's cottage .
tr	O	我们找到了咖啡店，并且我跳了出来。
tr	I	She was soon swept away in each rocking thrust that seemed determined to push her across the carpet , and his next stroke was just as fierce .
tr	I	They are primed for a playoff run and I have been Looking after your team !
tr	O	麦乐迪开始抗议，但是洛根把手指按在了她的唇上。
tr	O	微笑回到了他的脸上，但是他仍然开始站起来。
tr	I	Her head was spinning and her knees were rubbery .
tr	I	Nothing came -- but I felt like a complete automaton , waiting for an electronic impulse to react .
tr	I	Now she 's doing the same for this delicate girl , and April helped me through my darkest moments .
tr	I	I focused back on him and he made a slight sound .
tr	O	玻璃是染色的，所以他看不清她，但是她看起来很不错。
tr	I	Two huge fangs , glistening with a thick , iridescent substance , extend from the roof of its mouth and its mouth opens .
tr	I	She sounded frightened and it was tremulous .
tr	I	Under the tree , the temperature dropped by at least fifteen degrees , but the sun was hot .
tr	O	武器技术自地球扬升以来取得了长足进步，但是不知何故，老式弹丸发射器从未真正过时。
tr	I	The elevator rose quickly to the top and it was the top button .
tr	I	He joined in and I laughed .
tr	O	玛丽·乔触碰了他的手臂，无声地恳求着，并且麦克不知道他该如何拒绝。
tr	I	They were looking like pretty crappy leads , and they were the only leads we had .
tr	I	Finn wasn 't watching my movements anymore , but the bra came off next .
tr	I	It was there , but it was covered in slobber .
tr	I	We walked up the stairs that way , even though it took us possibly twice as long and she reached out to take my hand .
tr	O	她整夜工作，并且有时我们在醒来时她才刚回家。
tr	O	她虚弱地试图抓住它，但是它被从她手中夺走了。
tr	I	I was happy for her , and she was happy .
tr	I	It was more like a plush apartment than a dorm room , and Jasmine had the whole space to herself , of course .
tr	O	我喜欢我能那样影响我男朋友情绪的方式，并且我的心因此而漏跳了一拍。
tr	O	时代已经再次变得艰难，并且我深知自己在小巷中的黑暗勾当。
tr	I	Her hand stilled halfway to the basket , and her eyes grew distant the same way Cronus 's had in the nursery .
tr	I	Your room card opens it , but the enclosure is kept locked unless there is some major activity in progress .
tr	O	他们等了一会儿，准备扑上去，但是什么也没发生。
tr	O	这对她来说都很奇怪，但是她不在乎。
tr	I	Just the thought of him wanting more aroused all the sensitised places in her body that craved the same , and he wanted more .
tr	I	He walked to the door and we laid the bags on the bed .
tr	I	I accepted that , and he was what he was .
tr	O	仅仅是斧头就比我和我的马加起来还重。
tr	O	实际上她盯着乔的屁股，但是凯利选择不提。
tr	I	He looked away , embarrassed and the boy 's voice caught a little .
tr	O	还没有人去清理毯子，并且华纳应该会在大约一个小时内到达这里。
tr	I	It never hurt to catch a visual , but he knew he hadn 't been followed .
tr	I	I remembered what Daniel Redding had said about Dean being the kind of child people loved on sight , and the woman smiled at him .
tr	I	The door to the cellar crashed open , and there was a bang so loud it hurt her ears .
tr	O	托马斯再次回到球队打球，并且他所做的事真的没有带来任何后果。
tr	I	Twenty minutes later he entered one of the public libraries and as soon as he left the facility he turned right .
tr	I	He fell backwards to the floor and it slammed against his forehead this time .
tr	O	无论她母亲有什么缺点，她仍然是她的母亲，并且她们家发生的事情不关别人的事。
tr	O	我很害怕我会永生，而且二十一岁时我就已经无聊透顶了！
tr	I	I waited for the Loupe family to come for me and the days passed .
tr	I	He bent his head down , his eyes burning and Eliot 's throat closed up at the question .
tr	I	He was going to find out , and he knew where she lived .
tr	O	镇上的街道没有铺设，并且市中心的步行道是用木板铺成的。
tr	O	无论哪条路都不会容易，但是留在米拉身边感觉是对的。
tr	O	他脸上僵硬的怪异笑容消失了，并且他的眼睛不停地转动，比以前更加不稳定。
tr	I	Meredith grabbed her again , but Bonnie started toward her .
tr	O	她不太确定为什么，但是她做了之后感觉好多了。
tr	I	Kate drove away from the house and I buckled my seat belt .
tr	O	即使现在她也能感受到笼罩他灵魂的黑暗以及他为控制它而施加的铁腕控制。
tr	I	He knew he was right , but she didn 't answer .
tr	O	我以前吃过这种牌子的饼干，但是它尝起来和我记忆中的完全不同。
tr	I	We headed home , in silence , of course , and he unhooked the trailer .
tr	I	She 's less complicated than the others , and Stephanie is fully aware of my rules .
tr	O	克雷格无论我去哪里都还在等我，但是我拒绝接受他的顺风车。
tr	O	毕加索的《带烟斗和酒瓶的静物》正面朝上地放在头顶荧光灯刺眼的光线下。
tr	O	他们被告知我们是敌基督，并且摧毁我们是他们的职责。
tr	O	上台阶很慢，但是她没有费太大劲就做到了。
tr	O	马克抱着她，并且安德鲁和他们坐在一起，为他们俩心碎。
tr	O	害怕我会崩溃，但是我无法摆脱你。
tr	I	Everything was a massive ache so I didn 't think I was paralyzed , but I couldn 't move .
tr	O	我想和我的未婚夫缠绵，但是我猜我可以等到诺亚回家。
tr	O	果然我们找到了被告知的钢门，但是它比我预想的要多得多。
tr	O	他的麝香味充斥我的鼻子，并且我的思绪开始模糊。
tr	O	她的投降让他感到惊讶，并且他仍在努力弥补自己的失言。
tr	O	连琼斯似乎也被眼前的景象吸引了，康威注意到，而且他尤其高兴看到卡特给予了不止是敷衍的关注。
tr	I	We swiftly walked as fast as possible without arising suspicion toward the exit and Harper waved to punk chick once .
tr	I	I wouldn 't have to tell my dad the distressing news and I hadn 't blown it .
tr	O	神经科医生吸了口气，并且她的脸色很严峻。
tr	I	Her mouth filled with water , but she tried to sigh , to explain herself , to voice her gratitude for the coolness of the pool .
tr	I	She was at my complete mercy and I was too strong for her .
tr	O	乔问了，并且大家笑了。
tr	I	Jared dug his fingers sharply into my hips , and I dropped my head back with a whimper .
tr	I	I hastily went to see how she was faring and my aunt suffered a stroke , so my mother .
tr	I	This is borrowed from a friend but I own the helicopter .
tr	I	The scrape of her boots against stone was the only sound , and the floor had turned from gleaming marble to ancient gray blocks .
tr	I	She slid off the wall , but Blue replied .
tr	I	Her heart rejoiced , and he wanted her .
tr	I	His previous incompetence could turn into an advantage , but she may be scared of him at first .
tr	O	我的心狂跳不止，并且我的手心开始出汗。
tr	O	最近有很多跨界事件，并且门徒们正在努力应对。
tr	O	他被困住了，并且我需要救他。
tr	I	Here we are in jail and we worked so hard getting all ready .
tr	O	他开始站起来，并且我恐慌了。
tr	I	A drop of liquid fell from its point and Moonlight glinted off its metallic spike .
tr	O	我心中升起一声野兽般的咆哮，并且我强迫自己把它吞下去。
tr	I	He died in the line of duty protecting the identity of a client and he was running the security company at the time .
tr	O	她很久以前就死在我们的卧室里了，并且她不在我旁边的座位上。
tr	I	It surely wasn 't dead , but the creature was dying .
tr	I	She understood that she was running out of time and Melody only had one hand to fend off the zombie 's attack .
tr	O	“宁愿死也不愿变成你们中的一员，”我反驳道，准备离开，但是费边抓住了我的手臂。
tr	I	He wanted her jeans gone , too , and her shoes were gone , kicked away .
tr	I	Then I did something that surprised both of us , and I stared at him for a few more seconds .
tr	O	这不公平，但是他需要她。
tr	I	The old man had been nothing if not stubborn , but God knows he 'd tried to talk Don out of this .
tr	I	Maddie realizes she doesn 't love him , and Maddie 's husband wants a divorce .
tr	I	Even now she did not feel the need to know them , and she had refused to learn .
tr	O	远处他们上方的一扇门短暂地打开了，并且响亮的笑声倾泻而出。
tr	O	她的生命体征不稳定，并且她唯一顺从的时候是奎恩在这里时。
tr	I	I thought the aggressive nature of my thudding might announce my arrival better but there was a doorbell .
tr	I	I could feel beads of sweat form on my forehead , and my knees began to wobble .
tr	O	他将目光从我转向伯恩斯教练，并且热流涌过我的全身。
tr	I	He declined as often as he said yes , and he was a paralegal , not an investigator .
tr	O	我们对他们很好，但是他们不能被允许认为我只是和他一起度假。
tr	I	I 'll be back with my brothers and when I go back to the city , I 'll go back to house arrest .
tr	O	她现在可能不知道，但是我当时正在帮她的忙。
tr	O	在任何其他时候都会很奇怪，但是杰西说了那些话之后，我开始担心了。
tr	O	这里的灯光更暗，但是埃齐奥立刻看出那是一个牢房。
tr	O	我不知道莎拉是如何得到那些页面的，但是我不认为她有整本日志。
tr	O	他们要求太多的信任，并且信任是她不再拥有的东西。
tr	I	Her parents had separated , and A had revealed the affair to Ella .
tr	O	她从他腿上下来，并且他最终让她离开了。
tr	I	She seemed to prefer to spend the time in the ground , rather than face their life together , and she said little .
tr	O	我的大脑一直催促我回忆，但是出于某种原因，存在着一个障碍。
tr	I	Inez glanced at him with surprise and Thomas closed his hand over hers .
tr	I	I would remain right where I was and the apocalypse could be going down outside .
tr	I	I raced down and they might have been flying up to fight even as Hit .
tr	O	太阳是埃布纳之光的反射，并且当他离开时，太阳也随之消失。
tr	O	争吵声停止了，并且一切都安静了下来。
tr	O	我当时确实不喜欢它，但是我后来明白了它为什么会发生。
tr	O	她问是否可以和我单独待一会儿，并且老调查员点了点头。
tr	I	I would fill him in about Jerry , and Darby would be back shortly .
tr	O	他可能有一把枪，但是我仍然有我的刀。
tr	O	他们迅速拥抱，并且我感觉自己更加格格不入。
tr	O	当事情结束后，小女孩被送去她奶奶家，并且我正在伺机逃脱。
tr	O	我把手抽开，并且阿玛的手随着我的手移动。
tr	I	Most of the slips were occupied , and four of the docks were covered .
tr	I	It 's a feeling that I don 't ever want to lose , and I 've never felt this way before .
tr	O	她能在脑海中感受到米哈伊尔，然而她的身体只是一缕飘忽的轻烟，与他缠绕在一起。
tr	O	我试图从她手中抖落武器，但是它丝毫未动。
tr	O	他必须克制自己，否则他对阳光将毫无用处。
tr	O	我找到了一种方法能在我的大脑中把它关闭，并且一想到她，我就再也没有任何感觉了。
tr	O	他的手滑过她的髋部，又滑过她的臀部，再滑到她的双腿之间，并且他找到了她。
tr	I	She needed to know exactly who it was she thought she loved , but it was too difficult to say this next part with her touching him .
tr	I	I don 't want to put you in his line of fire , and I don 't want him to feel like he 's been cornered .
tr	O	她想要出去玩一天，并且她现在有了适合他们俩的完美主意。
tr	O	昨晚是卡地亚出门玩，并且有个男人用马车接走了她。
tr	I	Vince always reminded her how close to a heart attack she was every time she ate them , and they were high in fat .
tr	O	我这样想着，眼睛向上抬起，并且我又看了一眼我的爸爸。
tr	I	My complexion 's wrong , and I 'm somewhat stout .
tr	I	I don 't , but I should probably know what all her expressions mean .
tr	I	A number of them are staying behind , and the men are leaving invigorated .
tr	O	当他拉动时，链条没有断裂，并且那个贵族被向前猛拉。
tr	I	I wasn 't telling my friends the real stuff , but all of it was true .
tr	O	她抬头看着我，并且我等待着。
tr	I	He didn 't say anything else , but she waited for him to continue .
tr	O	也许她应该啜饮它，但是瑞秋对此太过紧张了。
tr	I	It 's worth it , but it 's a lot of money to put aside every month .
tr	O	他等待着，并且当她没有立即给出期望的答复时，他皱起了眉头。
tr	I	A low argument rumbled between them , and Fade strode away through the stable .
tr	O	怒气在那儿，但是没有一丝怜悯。
tr	O	我被侧面擦到了一下，但是它没有打裂我厚实的头骨。
tr	I	They didn 't really see him , but people looked at him .
tr	O	一只橘猫坐在厨房柜台上，绿色的眼睛锐利，冲他嘶嘶叫着，但是它身上并没有发出魔法。
tr	I	We haven 't gotten very far yet , but we 've been trying to come up with an answer .
tr	I	Noah turned to Samara with a sour look on his face and she came to a stop .
tr	I	I was prepared to see paint flying everywhere , and I half expected them to pull out drumsticks .
tr	O	我问了，但是他陷入了沉思。
tr	I	Gently she kissed him on his cold lips and slowly she lowered her head toward his face .
tr	I	Little specks of light began to filter through the window and the sun was just starting to rise .
tr	O	我们转过一个弯，并且灯塔就映入眼帘了。
tr	O	他并不知道，但是他正在把她所寻求的解决方案递给她。
tr	O	他被关起来了，因为军医说他疯了但他没疯。
tr	O	他的母亲要去，但是她不能24小时都陪在他身边。
tr	O	大家可能都猜到了那些事，但是他总是决心要彻底想清楚那种情况。
tr	I	There it is , and his mouth relaxes .
tr	I	He damn sure couldn 't tell her the truth , but he didn 't want to lie to her .
tr	I	God killed me , and I killed Bambi .
tr	O	保罗被拉了出来，并且他们小心翼翼地回到了顶部。
tr	I	The room was empty , stark walls bare , but recognizing the sound that had summoned him , he scanned the room for visitors .
tr	I	I walk unafraid , and the night air is cool .
tr	I	It couldn 't be him , but the first person who came to mind was a regularly drunk Singaporean man .
tr	I	He still laid there , but his skin was already starting to heal itself .
tr	I	This was extreme , but I always knew my hazel eyes changed depending on what I wore .
tr	I	I spent a few minutes standing awkwardly outside the bathroom like some sort of bodyguard , waiting for them , and the girls took longer .
tr	O	我们的房间没有电话线，但是我父母曾要求把我安排在卡尔弗溪五部公用电话之一附近的房间。
tr	O	她简直无处可寻，并且我记得她是如何在小巷里凭空出现的。
tr	O	我不知道他用了多少个包，但是他突然转向我。
tr	O	她又推了他一下，并且格雷厄姆再次走向托里。
tr	I	Else we may never find out what has happened to Papa , or I need you to remember .
tr	O	她的眉毛扬了起来，并且她眼中充满了看似真诚的惊讶。
tr	O	我睁开眼睛，并且太阳已经不见了。
tr	O	我不知道是什么，但是我不喜欢它。
tr	I	Then we 'll start on propulsion systems , and your test will be the day after that .
tr	I	He planned to take off a couple of months to wait on the tobacco harvest , and the captain 's ship was being repaired in dry dock .
tr	O	两瓶酒变成了五瓶，并且到饭局结束时，我们都有些开心了。
tr	I	His dark eyes had an all-knowing hypnotic charm to them , and his black hair shone blue when it caught the light .
tr	O	詹妮弗走完了走廊全程，但是她找不到任何超过1115的号码。
tr	I	Jude stood there and the door opened .
tr	O	她已经让她的岗位无人防守，并且她也想回去，以便看守丹尼无意识的身体。
tr	O	他很瘦小，并且她能感觉到他颤抖时肋骨的骨头。
tr	I	That made him spit instantaneously , and he tasted the salty droplets .
tr	O	他随后走向我，并且他伸出了手。
tr	I	She wanted to see his face when she destroyed him , but he wouldn 't hesitate to take her out from behind .
tr	I	Nothing 's come up , but we 've canvassed the area for clues .
tr	I	It was clear he did , and he must not be that bad if he loved her .
tr	I	They entered together , and she waited for him to unlock the door .
tr	I	His face was intent as he plied the bottles and his graying auburn hair was pulled back in a ponytail .
tr	I	The emotion she saw in their depths robbed her of breath , and his hazel eyes lifted to meet hers .
tr	I	The wind insistent , and it was cold .
tr	I	The men each added their own to the mix , and she put her hand into the center .
tr	I	I could hear the curiosity burning behind his words , but I knew he didn 't want to force the story out of me .
tr	O	托尼称他的工作为一项职责，并且在某种程度上确实如此。
tr	I	I got in and the tricycle stopped in front of me .
tr	I	He followed the road into the woods and a smile formed on Leo 's face .
tr	I	I must follow it to the end and this is my Path .
tr	O	空气变得沉重，并且关于新怪物的窃窃私语在人群中回荡。
tr	O	阿什顿以品味高雅著称，并且他对新娘的选择进一步证明了这一点。
tr	O	大小不一的针头从蜡像各处伸出，并且乔纳斯继续插入更多。
tr	I	He sure knew the way to a girl 's heart , but vampire he might be .
tr	I	Jaime certainly didn 't need to hear and it was private .
tr	O	她站在公寓中央思考这些问题，并且她突然想到她今天真的很想休息一天。
tr	I	He closed them , rumbling in his belly , and she pressed a kiss between Sean 's eyes .
tr	I	I suck in my breath and my dick tightens in reaction .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why and there was no love between us .
tr	O	我对厨房的记忆很少，但是待在这里仍然很难受。
tr	I	Victoria remains as stiff as an ice statue , but the man is about to take her hand .
tr	I	I struggle to stand , and he drops my legs .
tr	O	当他睁开眼睛时，它们灼灼发光，并且西比尔看到它们时屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	他的獠牙离我的脖子只有几英寸，并且我情不自禁地叫了出来。
tr	I	One design wouldn 't work , and the whole process took us over four hours , because all the branches were at different heights .
tr	I	What the hell could he say , but he 'd felt her waiting for him to say something ?
tr	I	Six stays planted , not letting go of my hand , but I start forward .
tr	I	He felt a calm wash over him from being under it and his people venerated the oak tree as the Giver of Life .
tr	I	There was no point denying the truth , but she didn 't want to believe that she was just as much of a beast as he was .
tr	O	世界非常缓慢地停止了旋转，并且她的视线开始清晰起来。
tr	O	我抬头想要表现得强硬，但是我的下唇颤抖了。
tr	O	他们走向门口，并且凯瑟琳跟在他们后面。
tr	O	我点了一杯迈泰，但是艾瑞丝只点了水。
tr	I	The breathlessness of the retort sounded like a compliment , but she 'd meant to insult him .
tr	I	Stopping wouldn 't ease the pain , but it felt as if someone was tearing his organs out with an ice pick .
tr	O	我柔和的声音也带上了一丝锋芒，并且他在入口处停下来回头看我。
tr	I	I was too tired to handle anything coming out of my mother 's mouth , and it was ten a.m. on Saturday .
tr	I	He smiled back , and everyone smiled at him .
tr	I	It does go , but I 'm not sure where the time actually goes .
tr	I	He found the room full , and now Norman was in charge .
tr	O	他的一条腿夹在我双腿之间，并且他压在我身上的重量对我的身体内部产生了奇妙而邪恶的影响。
tr	I	It just wasn 't going to happen , but I 'm sorry if you wanted more .
tr	I	Mo ran close on his heels , and he just ran .
tr	O	他的手紧握成拳，并且他正摇着头。
tr	I	It resonates in the chilled silence of the evening and he pulls on the handbrake .
tr	O	赞恩安静地点了点头，并且她看到了他眼中的尊重。
tr	I	You will drop out of the sky or don 't let it drop to red .
tr	I	Determined to raise her kids well , and protective .
tr	I	I 'm not a child anymore , but I had enough of it when I was a child .
tr	O	弗朗西斯卡看着我，并且立刻她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	O	克洛诺斯跪在她身边，并且尽管他面无表情，他触摸了卡利俄珀的脸。
tr	O	多尔雇佣了鲁迪·瓦利来取代我，并且《春天来临》开始拍摄了。
tr	O	他从不应该娶她，从不应该把她卷入他的生活，但是现在已经太迟了。
tr	O	他以一种让她发麻的强烈眼神看着她，并且她发现她想不出一个字来说。
tr	O	戴安娜用手臂环抱住他，并且然后她用双腿缠绕住他健硕的大腿。
tr	O	吉福德带来了雷纳尔多，并且他们背抵着墙壁，郁闷地挤作一团。
tr	I	She had completely forgotten the entire incident by the time she was dropped off at her apartment , and Alex suggested they leave .
tr	I	Her large blue eyes were moistening , and Maddy was staring at the portrait of the woman .
tr	O	我在便利店里付油钱，并且她下车去寻找沙丁鱼。
tr	O	她的表情柔和下来，并且她仰头对他微笑。
tr	O	我轻轻敲了敲门，并且她让我进去。
tr	I	They 're scared , and they killed me .
tr	I	Neither of us shouted , which is good , and I think we cleared a lot of air .
tr	I	The girls ceased their antics , acting as if they 'd never attacked each other , and the men raced out .
tr	O	他是有史以来最好的宠物，并且他不止一次救了我们的命。
tr	O	他一直盯着他们，当他和其他人最终也向前移动时。
tr	I	When he saw her , he smiled , all teeth , and he was blind in one eye .
tr	O	它扁平如螃蟹，但是它椭圆形的身体被分割成带脊的甲片。
tr	I	He stroked my cheek and his hand reached out .
tr	I	We both know it , and you were on vacay .
tr	O	她的眼睛瞪大了，并且她倒吸一口气。
tr	I	He was probably poking her skin with his beard and he hadn 't shaved today .
tr	O	他脸上写满了喜悦，但是仅仅一瞬间我看到了更多。
tr	I	Now I wriggled into the nasty things , and I 'd bought a pair of pantyhose .
tr	I	Then it was unbearably loud , but no one seemed to notice .
tr	I	It writhed around , forming into a cast , and he held it up .
tr	O	头顶上，鹤嘴锄的刀刃在薄雾中呼啸着，仿佛武器正试图找到我，但是再没有其他声音了。
tr	O	直到这一刻，我一直害怕留在你的世界里，但是现在我只想要你，不惜一切代价。
tr	O	你为了掩盖自己的踪迹而买凶杀害我的妻子，并且我从不愿相信。
tr	I	He wasn 't acknowledging it now , but if he was willing to take that risk , she would take it with him .
tr	O	我的表弟乔伊快要定下婚期了，但是他的家庭却一片狼藉。
tr	O	愧疚是悲伤过程的一部分，但是这并不意味着它是理性的。
tr	I	I have to rescue him , but I don 't know what kind of trouble .
tr	O	迈克尔的五官在黑暗中拼凑起来需要一秒钟，但是我立刻认出了他的声音。
tr	I	She wanted to hear it from him before she was willing to believe it , but she actually knew .
tr	I	I yank her off me and she kisses my ear lobe .
tr	I	Certainly it will lead down another path , but sometimes it is not what we desire .
tr	O	我想象画是大提琴，并且我的手是弓。
tr	O	他的朋友们嗤笑了，并且有一会儿，乔西看起来伤心极了，就像一只被踢过的幼犬。
tr	I	She was NOT like her in anyway , but she knew that , yes , she killed Amanda .
tr	I	One the other four didn 't know , and this was said by a fifth voice .
tr	O	很难相信，但是他那时是个音乐家，在摇滚乐队里弹键盘，实际上相当不错。
tr	I	A few moments later , the doors swished open , and my stomach dropped as we descended through the facility .
tr	O	其中一只猎犬碰了碰他的腿，并且他发出了一声微弱的声音，那声音若是放在别人身上就会是尖叫。
tr	I	She wasn 't naive to the dangers of life , but Amber might be innocent , in a virginal sense .
tr	O	不适感与温暖交织在一起，并且她挪动了一下双脚。
tr	I	They can never escape punishment until they are forgiven and the ones in the waters have wronged those on the bank .
tr	I	I was sitting next to my son 's bed , and Chapter Thirty-seven It was early afternoon .
tr	I	His like for years and Ritter had plagued him .
tr	O	艾米盯着我，仿佛她正在努力解决世界饥饿问题，而且我的背包里有无限供应的芝士汉堡。
tr	O	星星在天空中旋转，并且我梦见了过去。
tr	O	这不像看起来那么容易，并且他们不得不尝试好几次才成功。
tr	O	我知道他迟早会找到我这里，但是在那之前，我还有些独处的时间。
tr	O	她接受了你的信息，但是你没有控制她。
tr	I	There wasn 't much traffic , and it was well past midnight .
tr	O	艾玛手忙脚乱地想捂住iPhone，但是已经太晚了。
tr	O	蕾切尔试图抵抗他的建议，但是那些话语让她感到头脑昏沉。
tr	O	杰夫站了起来，并且当第一波前来祝贺的变形者们走开后，走向了加布里埃尔。
tr	O	他爱塔拉，并且她也爱他。
tr	I	I 'd felt certain it could never match what he felt for me , but maybe their love was strong .
tr	O	自从战争以来我们一直生活在停电状态下，但是今晚，哈利法克斯灯火通明。
tr	I	He bent his head over his clasped hands , and his elbows were propped on his bony knees .
tr	I	I don 't like it , and he 's getting down again .
tr	I	Some of them had spears , and they carried blades for weapons .
tr	O	他的脸靠得更近了，但是我们的眼睛从未闭上。
tr	I	I have no intentions of damaging that , and Wilder trusts me with his little sister .
tr	O	我们知道，并且他们也知道。
tr	O	我能看到这些照片，但是解读并不总是容易的。
tr	O	它在他的眼中，并且它短暂地出现了一下。
tr	O	这可能会回来困扰我，但是我却不愿让他离开。
tr	O	他们晚餐时聊了几个小时，并且似乎只过去了片刻。
tr	I	Archie shrugged , and he asked .
tr	O	你在医院里谈到的那些恶棍，并且你通过照片辨认出的那个人可能一直是你的一个方便的掩护。
tr	I	She backed away from him , and violet eyes widened , melting .
tr	O	她把车靠右开，所以那辆不耐烦的车就能过去，但是它却没有过去。
tr	I	He tapped in for par and Dave 's 25-foot putt stopped two feet short of the hole .
tr	O	你提到了柳树之友，并且我猜就是他们。
tr	I	She smelt divine and she was perfect .
tr	I	This time I hear him and when it touches , he speaks .
tr	O	塔维知道他祖父去世了，但是他没有告诉其他人这件事。
tr	I	He does a great job but we hired a blind painter .
tr	I	I still arrived to bust down their doors , but they protested on the phone .
tr	O	他祝我感恩节快乐，并且我多给了他二十块小费。
tr	I	It was hard for Dad to date and it was hard for me to make friends .
tr	O	她信任了我，并且我背叛了她。
tr	O	我现在感到很满足，并且我想继续保持这种满足感。
tr	O	他的公寓过去几天异常安静，但是她并没有为此担心。
tr	O	他知道这很刻板，但是他会以为芬利是个年轻人，也许甚至是一个像他一样的青少年。
tr	I	That wouldn 't be enough , but by then , Franz had bolted the door .
tr	I	I couldn 't stay comfortable , and I couldn 't get comfortable .
tr	O	这是一种不祥的预感，并且我知道他正在对我撒谎。
tr	I	She grew weaker still , and he stared down at her with his hard black eyes .
tr	O	他走了，而她有了史蒂夫。
tr	I	I am to blame for shielding him too well , but facing the consequences of our actions is the best way to learn responsibility .
tr	I	That was their training , but not that the guards were much of a threat to him .
tr	O	那个家伙是个十足的白痴，并且他不明白艾比到底看上了他什么。
tr	O	夜晚曾声称她的祖母是暗影女王，并且现在她说他会释放她吗？
tr	I	That musky dead smell grew stronger , and I heard rustling in the distance .
tr	O	现在他直视着妻子的眼睛，并且他的妻子有五英尺八英寸高。
tr	I	Memories of the previous evening came flooding back , and I forced my eyes open .
tr	I	I didn 't plan on keeping him waiting and Ryan 's limo would be here any second .
tr	I	They showed no mercy when I was in school with them so I wouldn 't show any now , but I knew I should probably forgive them .
tr	I	She couldn 't have said which of them uttered the sound , yet a low moan of pleasure vibrated her chest .
tr	I	A thought seemed to occur to her , and she pondered that briefly .
tr	I	He won 't let me , but I pull him to me , trying to flip him over so that I can spoil him with affection .
tr	I	For a few glorious seconds I would see it all , but she would go for her clothes .
tr	O	其他人扶他站了起来，并且他继续着，仿佛什么不愉快的事情都没有发生过。
tr	O	我从未听过威尔演奏，但是有种感觉告诉我，我的海盗没有漏掉一个音符。
tr	O	他知道这不是她的错，然而他仍然很生气。
tr	O	夏延希望她能将目光从朋友的脸上移开，但是她害怕那可能会暴露她的感受。
tr	I	This time he didn 't try to stop her and she stood up again .
tr	O	这意味着他们和她的大脑之间的一切都运转正常。
tr	O	我用手机给贝基打电话，但是她和马特在看电影。
tr	O	我的手指不听使唤，但是 我还是设法把瓶子扔到了柜台上。
tr	I	My heart felt as though it was going to burst through my chest , and my pulse had quickened .
tr	I	I doubt it , but it could be a new version of the simulation serum .
tr	O	我转动了门把手，但是 门是锁着的。
tr	I	His blue eyes were narrowed against the wind and his brown hair flew across his forehead .
tr	O	好的，这不光听起来很蠢，这本身就很蠢，但是 她需要几分钟来思考。
tr	I	Made of books and it was also a room full of books .
tr	I	I watched him for a moment before his gaze slid to meet mine and he was staring off into space .
tr	I	I could only imagine her being a great mother , and she seemed so happy when they were near her .
tr	O	他一开始就对她撒了谎，但是 她必须明白为什么。
tr	O	她的嘴角微微上扬，但是 她没有证实我的怀疑。
tr	I	It involved a lot more than just a blue line on some test , but David knew what he wanted .
tr	I	I knew no more , and my vision went dark .
tr	O	查理的目光肆无忌惮地在我身上游走，并且 我立刻感到需要去洗个澡。
tr	I	Many people were still enjoying their sleep , and the sun was barely starting to rise .
tr	I	I forgot to get rubbers , babe , and there 's a shop down the street .
tr	I	I didn 't like the feeling and my belly twisted .
tr	I	Elle announces dinner is ready and we all stand around chatting .
tr	O	最终艾玛回来了，并且 我们换上了新衣服。
tr	O	我们最终可能会有第三种选择，并且 我不认为另外两个人会很喜欢那样。
tr	I	I would eventually get there , one day , and I was slowly learning to do things differently .
tr	I	The first Power Play competition will begin , and you will all proceed to the backyard of the plantation once you have finished reading this card .
tr	I	I dreamt in strange flashes and I slowly began to nod off .
tr	I	I kept on moving , and I kept on counting .
tr	O	杰克立刻警惕地抬起头，并且迈尔斯试图掩饰他听到答案的急切心情。
tr	O	人们开始忙碌起来，并且头转向那个陌生人。
tr	O	他舔了舔嘴唇，并且牙膏的薄荷味让他想起他刷牙前吃的零食。
tr	O	我急忙赶到托德医生办公室，并且他已经在等我了。
tr	O	他爬了下来，并且她跟着。
tr	O	马停在路上，并且巴迪滑落到泥里。
tr	O	迈克尔什么也没说，但是他非常仔细地研究着桌子。
tr	I	People fell and they fired .
tr	O	她的嘴巴紧抿着，并且她两眼之间的小皱纹显现了出来。
tr	I	He burst out laughing , and I blushed even more .
tr	I	My head whacks into the cement wall and I fall .
tr	I	You were just talking gibberish , but I told you Emma was on the phone .
tr	O	他迅速跑到窗边，但是它被密封了。
tr	I	Now , without the support of any friends , she was wavering in her steadfastness and she had listened to no one 's counsel .
tr	I	She will not leave the boy 's side , and I think that she is angry with you .
tr	O	这些不是威廉·吉本斯和托马斯进行的那种快速执法突袭。
tr	I	It 's too high-profile a crime , but everyone thinks of it .
tr	O	他快速的吸气听不见，但是他的身体显露出兴奋的迹象。
tr	I	She pulled herself upright and her eyes narrowed suspiciously .
tr	O	那意味着他不能离她太远，并且他将不得不特别警惕那个捕食者。
tr	I	There were so many opportunities for a girl like her and it was a wonderful town .
tr	O	他很容易在她身上迷失自我，并且他几乎不敢相信自己抗拒了她这么久。
tr	O	他不想去想这件事，但是他无法阻止自己。
tr	I	That makes me the luckiest damn man in the world , and you reacted that way because you felt possessive of me .
tr	O	所需要做的只是给当地警察局打个电话，并且他们就会进行调查了。
tr	I	That didn 't stop him from following his dreams , but he didn 't even graduate high school .
tr	I	He 'd only been hit once , but she supposed Joe 's head hurt , too .
tr	I	The bottom dropped out of her stomach and her knees weakened .
tr	I	I risked a glance behind me at the sound of his footfalls , and he caught up two blocks later .
tr	I	I just helped her out a bit , and she was about to end it herself .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop smiling but Emma felt like a silly school girl as she took the card .
tr	I	I wanted it perfect , and the shading was difficult .
tr	O	她的脖子发热了，并且她摘下围巾，紧张地抓挠着裸露的皮肤。
tr	I	The Chosen could enter but they knew the dead warriors would now be standing at the door to the Great Golden Hall , making sure none .
tr	I	Again I try to put him out of my head , and again my brain shifts to Brandon .
tr	O	莱拉哈哈大笑，并且我瞪着她。
tr	O	她的呼吸很均匀，但是他觉得她没有睡着。
tr	O	她不知道当他终于抬起头时她期望看到什么，但是空无一物让她很惊讶。
tr	I	You bought that , Maddie , and he told you the problem was yours ?
tr	I	He watched the thrusters push downwards again and VIN shouted back .
tr	O	管子不时抽动，并且一种尖锐的嗡鸣声充满了空气。
tr	I	I reached over to kiss him and Colt was still asleep next me .
tr	I	He turned so that the armor on this upper arm deflected it but I took a swipe at Raine with my axe .
tr	O	上帝的话语已深深渗入她的内心，并且她感到强大。
tr	I	He was falling more under her spell by the minute and she truly was a beautiful lass .
tr	O	长凳本身经历了一种物质融合事件，但是这目前对你来说并不是真的相关。
tr	O	没有人排除这种可能性，但是就目前而言，答案是否定的。
tr	O	我知道你不喜欢被迫遵守你的协议，但是我不会容忍任何拖延来证明一个观点。
tr	O	她脸上依然带着之前的疲惫，但是她看起来比我们在健身房时精神好一些。
tr	I	Calling it ' water ' was being kind , and the challenge area had been filled knee high with liquid .
tr	O	他的目光落在她身上，而且她僵住了。
tr	I	I turned away quickly but he took a step toward me .
tr	I	We have no way of knowing what they have , and we don 't have any idea who they are .
tr	I	We would have to stay near the coast , but we had talked about going to the States .
tr	I	I joined the line behind her , and she opened a little black bag for them to inspect .
tr	I	I thought I understood why he wanted to fight , but his actions didn 't recommend him as a volunteer .
tr	I	Her incisors threatened to lengthen , and her mouth was unexpectedly dry .
tr	O	杰克说话如此自信，我差点就相信了他，但是我脑海深处的疑虑却不会长时间地平息。
tr	O	我真希望我知道他在处理什么，但是他却拒绝告诉我。
tr	O	这个混蛋知道自己有多迷人，而且他毫不羞耻地炫耀着。
tr	I	Their clothing was changing too , turning a brilliant white , and they felt changes ... good changes ... taking place inside their bodies .
tr	I	Paul kept his head down , face concealed from view but several cars passed him .
tr	I	I never even questioned him , and he knew more than anyone in the city .
tr	I	There was force behind his words , but Jax was quiet .
tr	O	我有点担心她可能已经睡着了，但是她醒着。
tr	O	她以为它会像往常一样回来，而且她对此并不担心。
tr	O	那是他们的夜晚，而且星星闪耀着。
tr	O	他放下尾巴，但是她没有跳。
tr	I	He knew it and he had talents .
tr	I	He had come to the past two meetings , to my dismay , but Perry had not actually joined Real Murders .
tr	O	那里有一个内置座椅，并且淋浴头是可拆卸的。
tr	I	She recognized the voice but she couldn 't make out the words .
tr	O	他们说白日梦无害，但是有。
tr	O	她被激怒了，但是同时，她又充满了好奇。
tr	O	我遇到了麻烦，而他却在胡闹。
tr	O	我们拐过弯，并且我被一片相机闪光灯晃得眼花缭乱。
tr	I	He seemed to lock down every muscle , as if fighting for control , and his jaw clenched .
tr	O	他是在邀请我坦诚相待，而我对此非常感激。
tr	I	A second pair of deeper , parallel cuts , appeared alongside the first and she nodded again .
tr	O	那个男人很性感，而且我确信“hot”这个词的每个字母都该大写。
tr	O	她已经准备好结婚了，并且她看起来就像一个即将嫁给国王的女人。
tr	O	除了三明治我什么都不会做，并且我们午饭就吃的那个。
tr	I	Food began to arrive with each tick of the clock , and Black wreaths appeared on the front door .
tr	I	Josephine was too distracted to care about controlling her abilities but a scorching wind burst into the room from nowhere .
tr	I	I promised to go to the launch party and a friend is opening a lounge downtown .
tr	O	我制造出的幻觉让我突然变得大胆，并且我咬紧牙关，渴望暴力。
tr	O	我要和你一起回你家，并且我们要把这个搬家的事情搞定。
tr	O	他偶尔会划船带我们穿过沼泽地，但是大多数时候他都是用篙撑着我们前进。
tr	O	在现场做某事的想法让我很紧张，但是我的兴奋感最终还是战胜了它。
tr	O	对意义的探寻是人类不安的基石，并且皮尔彻已经消除了这个障碍。
tr	I	She broke up with him and some says she had boyfriend .
tr	O	早些时候她似乎很关心他的感受，但是现在看来她好像有什么要证明的。
tr	O	他停顿了好一会儿才能继续，并且当他开口时，他的声音平板。
tr	O	诺亚骑行已经超过一年了，但是我知道贝拉没有那么有经验。
tr	O	他举起手臂格挡那一击，并且那一击让他的手指到肩膀传来一阵酥麻感。
tr	I	Where would she go , but maybe she should move ?
tr	I	It wasn 't enough , but she 'd already come .
tr	I	Jocelyn knew beyond a doubt he was standing in the doorway , but there had been no sound , no indication of his arrival .
tr	O	我仰望阳光，但是它被云层变得黯淡了。
tr	I	He wouldn 't send her a locket , but Travis flashed in her mind when she thought of the jail .
tr	O	这些日子它让她平静下来的程度令人难以置信，但是更重要的是，它也让她感到强大。
tr	O	起初，她为了保护丹尼的感受，没有透露公寓的任何细节，但是也许是直觉一直在警告她。
tr	I	A swift execution would have followed , and ' Jealous subordinate plants bomb , ' the headlines would have read .
tr	O	我的双膝发软，并且我也回以微笑。
tr	I	I can just make one out and signs are fastened to the sides .
tr	I	She smiled and Will shivered in his guilt .
tr	I	Me in mines , and when we made it in Heraklion , Abby went to seep in her room , having a little sand in her hair .
tr	I	Only I am to enter , and the King 's chamber is at the end of the hall before us .
tr	I	I 'm really sorry for whatever it was but I don 't know what I did to anger you .
tr	I	If she was , he would warm her , but he was not cold .
tr	I	I got her voicemail , and she didn 't answer .
tr	I	BUR was not designed to cope with a sudden loss of these supernatural agents al at once , and there were three vampires on staff .
tr	I	It would be a pitiful lie , but I wanted to deny the assumption that my sudden interest in college had anything to do with Roth .
tr	O	我知道这很快，但是一切都会好起来的。
tr	O	他们试图抹去詹姆斯，但是我仍然爱他。
tr	O	那片云可能再次属于他，但是她仍然可以提出合理的要求。
tr	I	It starts to wear on me , and there 's a lot of chattering going on .
tr	O	魅力随着海岛的随意性而被冲淡了，但是还有许多其他层面不合常理。
tr	O	当他退开时，我的眼睛颤动了一下，并且我的目光落在了他的嘴上。
tr	O	他确实从工会那里获得了一笔非常好的养老金，但是要到明年才会发放。
tr	I	There was a sigh from the onlookers and the shoulders of the two Healers slumped .
tr	I	I loathed that she 'd been taken advantage of and I knew she 'd been living a hard life before today .
tr	O	我在这里想象着她赤*裸的样子，而且她真正在担心我。
tr	O	我会点燃炉火，并且那时我想一切都准备好了。
tr	I	He bit his lip and his chest expanded .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but it was too late for optimal waves .
tr	O	另外八个人年纪更大，而且我只通过名声认识他们。
tr	I	Its steps left bloody footprints on the cave floor , and the Cane was wounded .
tr	O	当刺痛袭来时，它感觉很熟悉，并且我欢迎冰冷液体在全身扩散带来的催眠效果。
tr	O	她看着他把她的衣服扔进一个过夜包，收拾好她的一些书，并且之后他就完成了。
tr	I	This did not sound like one , but I was all for a good read .
tr	O	你知道有什么在等着你，但是你仍然感到这种奇怪的不安。
tr	O	卡斯在我醒来之前早上就走了，并且我们直到十一点多才回家。
tr	O	爱丽丝正要回答，但是莫德阿姨又开始了。
tr	I	For the most part I think he 's right and he said I had a knack for human compassion .
tr	O	和尚从未回头，并且不一会儿，他就消失了。
tr	I	When I spoke , my voice was dead , and I looked back at Landry .
tr	O	我打开了信，知道异象是可能的，然而再次，什么也没有出现。
tr	O	约翰回应了，并且对讲机就关了。
tr	O	那个消息支撑着我度过了一天，直到傍晚时分，并且一辆陌生的汽车停在我们安全屋外。
tr	I	The extent of its monstrous sophistication had escaped him , but Darling had suspected she 'd used the device to paralyze the Warden , an impressive feat .
tr	O	有些是我很久以前就失去联系的人，而且我也不打算迎合他们的问题。
tr	O	他迅速站了起来，但是那兽人已经扑向了他。
tr	O	皮耶罗仿佛他蔑视他一样，但是他没有立刻回答。
tr	O	他向后飞去，撞翻了一个装满餐具的容器，并且它们都哗啦一声掉到地上。
tr	O	他的眼角起了皱纹，并且他用手捂住了嘴。
tr	O	我伸出大拇指，并且第一辆经过的汽车停下来载我。
tr	I	It wasn 't the first time this had come up and Thor had mentioned ' her goddess ' .
tr	I	It wouldn 't hurt to try , but I wasn 't sure that a spirit boat would be the answer .
tr	O	每二十毫升溶液可以支撑数千个球体，但是对于这个实验我们只需要大约五十个球体。
tr	I	The Arch remains as a symbol of the Cluj Institute 's dedication to the Angel , but we now know this not to be true .
tr	I	He 's still on life-support but Brain functionality is now stable .
tr	I	I was still too cold , but I could feel the warm air blowing from the floor vents .
tr	I	This time it settled within my own bones , but as if to answer me , another cold breeze blew through the cave .
tr	I	He couldn 't get any words to form , but he tried to speak .
tr	O	Butch轻蹭着我，呜咽着，但是我也无法抬手安抚他。
tr	I	She could hear his voice just the same , but Ryan hadn 't said a word .
tr	O	一个拳头敲响了我的门，而且我吓了一跳。
tr	O	托尼紧紧贴在我的背上，而且黎明就在那里找到了我们。
tr	O	这很贴心，但是你知道吗，如果你以我父亲的名字给你的儿子命名，那将是我的荣幸。
tr	O	无论多少颜料都无法让它看起来像肉，但是她已经为此准备了一个解决方案。
tr	I	He nodded , glad the discussion was over , but Ian had no idea why that should be .
tr	I	The room was dark , and I was so tired after a late night volunteering at our church .
tr	O	她的眼皮变得沉重，而且意想不到的快感流淌过她全身，让她颤抖。
tr	I	There , some white , some colored , fading out into the distance and they formed little islands of brightness here .
tr	I	She thrilled with excitement , and Sawyer undressed her swiftly , following every inch of exposed skin with kisses .
tr	I	My father was furious with me because I 'd knocked a vase off the shelf and it takes me back to a time when I was younger .
tr	O	我继续挣扎着对抗渔网，避开刺眼的强光，而且就在那时我听到了它。
tr	O	他们走近那个蓬松红发的女人，而且当利亚姆碰了碰她的肩膀时，她转过头来看向他们。
tr	I	She wasn 't ashamed to admit it and they 'd worked up a healthy appetite .
tr	I	Then Ryan knocked on the door again , but it was silent for a few moments .
tr	I	We 'd clearly failed , and Jane had been hopeful that Victoria 's army would do some damage here .
tr	I	Your offer is so tempting , but no , I must get back on the road .
tr	O	他的声音很随意，但是她听出了一丝犹豫，他语调中略带迟疑。
tr	O	拉娜从钱包里拿出钥匙，并且迈克尔看着，打量着她的周围。
tr	O	它抗拒着她的触碰，但是她的脚开始下沉，慢慢地。
tr	I	Then I 'm out of power , and I drive for almost 4 hours .
tr	I	Noah 's Ark began to float along the waves and soon the waters began to rise .
tr	I	It spills out onto the sand and Mac opens up the back of the water buffalo .
tr	I	Maggie barks in warning , and the shadow comes closer .
tr	I	He picked me up with ease , but I had forgotten how strong he was .
tr	O	你就是那个……而且凯勒会告诉他那有多疯狂，只是那正是她自己正在感受的。
tr	O	他受伤的手缠着绷带，并且他将它举离身体。
tr	I	It took a long time for their meaning to sink in but Dana listened to his words .
tr	I	He didn 't move , but his face twisted in a sneer .
tr	I	He only shrugged , saying that was just the way she was and Teagan asked her father about her once .
tr	O	我不认为你在高中时就知道我这一点，但是我一直都是个技术宅。
tr	I	He didn 't say that , but he knew what would rise to the top of his priority list .
tr	O	已经三点了，而且我们都感觉筋疲力尽。
tr	I	I had to quit school and I got thrown out today .
tr	O	我正要尝试启动我的卡车，并且然后我就离开这里。
tr	O	他的四肢无法支撑他，并且他倒下了。
tr	O	我们作为小组所犯的所有疏忽都证明了这一点，并且无论修女们提出什么任务，没有什么比这更重要。
tr	O	我曾准备放弃帮助鬼魂，但是我认为我已经准备好重新开始。
tr	I	The selfish part of me was really hoping it wouldn 't , but I know how much she was hoping the exchange would work out .
tr	O	之后，争论仍在继续，但是至少它们被卧室的墙壁隔绝了。
tr	O	红袜队正在争夺季后赛资格，并且他全神贯注。
tr	O	麦肯齐家的女人们感情冲动，并且费罗斯已经学会了容忍她们。
tr	O	你是神秘，妮基，并且你是真理。
tr	O	我们还没有给你准备马，但是欢迎你使用国王马厩里的任何一匹。
tr	O	我从未有过任何人这样触碰我，甚至杰克逊也没有，并且这种禁忌感让我的欲望飙升。
tr	I	I obeyed and he yelled .
tr	O	她是一个了不起的女人，并且我知道她不会想和你分开。
tr	I	I felt safe again - and it smelled like him .
tr	I	She nods , and I ask .
tr	I	You 're supposed to be making me feel better , and I 'm supposed to be traumatized .
tr	O	那是个异常温暖的日子，并且微风吹拂着树枝上最后的叶子。
tr	I	I managed to stay sort of dry , but the heavy rain made the ground slippery .
tr	O	汉娜的未来正处于一场拉锯战中，并且这根本不是琳达在寻找乔西时所预料的。
tr	I	The volunteers had rushed to the firehouse straight from their beds , and I knew the pagers had gone off all over the area .
tr	I	It just felt so right , and his free hand was resting on my hip .
tr	I	His explanation must 've pacified her because she changed the subject , but she bit her lip as if contemplating what he 'd said .
tr	O	他和她在一起的时间如此之少，并且当她离开后他会希望这段时间能回来。
tr	O	我有过幻觉，并且它们不疼！
tr	I	The night air had grown cold , and it was pitch black .
tr	I	My skin felt weird , but he stroked my forehead .
tr	O	一种新的疲惫感向我袭来，但是这是一种活着的疲惫，而不是睡着的疲惫。
tr	O	我不确定为什么，但是我刚刚邀请了一个男孩回我家。
tr	I	Her crazed eyes narrowed into angry slits and Brenda 's attention snapped back to him .
tr	I	Her curls drew a veil over her face and her hair was flying in the wind .
tr	I	I found that I really enjoyed talking with Jake and the conversation was pretty lively during dinner .
tr	I	Maybe he liked the reassurance of his weapon in difficult times , or he held Old Girl in the crook of his arm , anticipating trouble .
tr	I	Their clothes virtually rags and the men around the campfire were unshaven .
tr	I	He licks his lips , and his eyes roam down my body .
tr	I	Shoulders exposed and she 'd arranged her hair in some kind of intricate braid leaving her slender neck .
tr	O	她深呼吸，当她的心跳加速并且她的双腿颤抖时。
tr	O	他脑中没有什么特别的东西，并且当他仰卧休息时，他开始看上面的天空。
tr	O	阿梅丽能杀了他，如果她先抓到他，并且这不是他的错。
tr	I	He unwrapped the bandages from around her chest with quick , practiced movements , and the healer indicated that she should undress .
tr	O	我把手猛地拍在床垫上，并且波戈迅速爬到我的枕头下面。
tr	O	他会受伤，但是他会克服的。
tr	I	I returned the smile and he smiled at me .
tr	O	这样做意味着让他回到她的心中，并且她做不到。
tr	I	He said nothing , simply waiting , but a muscle ticked in Mikhail 's jaw .
tr	I	She at least seemed curious now , but he sensed Caroline 's residual skepticism .
tr	O	这在很多层面上都是对的，但是它在其他很多层面上是错的。
tr	O	眼泪涌上来，并且我紧抿双唇以防哭出来。
tr	I	I see that same need in you and I look into your mind .
tr	O	我转身，并且是她。
tr	I	His gaze shot to her , and Jill cleared her throat .
tr	O	这段时间我一直以为梅丽莎知道我们在一起，但是她当然不知道。
tr	O	探员1号俯身在乔丹的笔记本电脑前咆哮着。
tr	I	With the doorbell still ringing in short , insistent bursts , Serenity rushed down the stairs , and shaking off the idea .
tr	I	He 'd made it hard not to , but I had been so scared to love Jace .
tr	I	He didn 't launch into a lecture , but he sighed as if in resignation .
tr	O	其他的是更长的信件，而且我们更用心寻找匹配对象。
tr	I	I turn , ready to tell him off , and one mumbles something perverted under his breath .
tr	I	She hid the recognition on her face as he spoke to the soldiers and he didn 't look at her .
tr	O	我还没反应过来，就靠在了栏杆上……和艾登的背上。
tr	O	我很想哭，但是我哭不出来。
tr	O	我们的沙拉送来了，并且我随意地吃着我的那份。
tr	I	A second orgasm ripped through her , and her hips slammed down on his .
tr	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she sounded a little deflated .
tr	I	We 'd talked on the phone several times and he 'd given me his Florida phone number .
tr	I	The darkness couldn 't hide them forever and the shouting of the rebels was growing closer .
tr	O	把她眩晕的兴奋归咎于那天发生的事情会很方便，但是她并非完全天真。
tr	O	他的笑容因我的想法而变得更宽广，并且他的黑眼睛含笑看着我。
tr	O	我爱杰克对我的热情，但是我渴望安抚他。
tr	I	At least it would protect me from that screaming wind , but I knew that my burrow wouldn 't be toasty warm .
tr	I	I nod , relieved he 's giving me an out and he asks .
tr	O	我见过你和帕维尔在一起，并且我知道你会是一个非常好的母亲。
tr	O	有许多阴影，并且这栋建筑已有几百年历史了。
tr	I	He strictly enjoined me to make sure that you were comfortable , and he said he has never been so tired .
tr	O	他向后退，使得他直视着我的眼睛，并且我从他眼中看到的欲望几乎让我当场高潮。
tr	O	我转身离开，但是她的声音阻止了我。
tr	O	一个擦身而过，拉扯着他衬衫的布料，但是另一个击中了他的腿，打乱了他的步伐。
tr	I	There was no reason for her to be so offensive about it , but I didn 't .
tr	I	While they had their charms , none of them compared to this , and I 'd eaten at a lot of fancy restaurants in my day .
tr	I	They both started laughing and Azalea winked at her .
tr	O	他向我迈了一步，并且我向后退了一步。
tr	O	亚洲过于严苛，而且她的塑造技巧过于狭隘。
tr	O	博正要再次抗议，但是兰娜举起了她的手。
tr	I	She hadn 't meant it , but she had .
tr	I	I stumbled back onto the floor when the door swung open , and my loud , vibrating scream registered on the Richter scale .
tr	I	He made no effort to disguise it and whatever good cheer he had left the hospital with was now long gone .
tr	O	那些老鼠让她恶心透了，但是它们并没有降低她的食欲。
tr	O	这天很适合悠闲地游泳，而且在炎热的花园里辛劳后，凉爽的水让人感觉很好。
tr	O	他知道自己听起来像是在辩解，但是他却无能为力。
tr	O	他一直坐在那里，而且我当时太过全神贯注，以至于没有看见他。
tr	O	那是一个很难看的伤口，但是没有出血。
tr	I	A new alternative was needed , but it was quite an inconvenience .
tr	I	I wasn 't afraid , and it didn 't hurt .
tr	I	There was something about that speck she knew she should remember , but she tried to avert her gaze .
tr	O	只要跟着其中一个，并且它会把你带到那里。
tr	O	违规行为比比皆是，总的来说，但是并非每个人都可被解释为故意行为。
tr	O	肖恩的目光转向了隔壁的房子，并且他看到利亚姆带着意味深长的笑容看着他。
tr	I	Very slowly they made their way to the main floor and he started backing up , using Jacob as a shield .
tr	I	She laughed as she got my little joke and I winked at her .
tr	O	甘赛本想启动卡玛洛，但是他把手从点火装置上移开了。
tr	I	He fully enjoyed the people 's good graces returned to him , but the camaraderie among his fellows remained tarnished .
tr	I	Now these size tens are feeling tight and I grew out of my comp jeans a couple of weeks ago .
tr	I	Sophia lay tucked into her canopy bed and it was late .
tr	O	她点了点头，并且他倒了酒。
tr	I	Yet he was as gentle as a tamed lion in her bed , and the deadly power of him was undeniable .
tr	I	His arm tightened around her , and Steve looked down at her .
tr	O	在他们必须寻求大地的慰藉之前，他们还有几个小时，并且他打算利用在一起的每一分钟。
tr	O	我的左手因为写太久开始发痒了，并且我将把这当作我必须睡觉的信号。
tr	O	他的虹膜闪烁了一下，并且它就在那里，她看到了——那个绿色怪物。
tr	O	我猜是，他们把他打晕了，并且他睡一觉就会没事。
tr	O	贾斯汀走进房间整理花边垫布，并且凯勒布立刻认出了她从小就用的薰衣草香气。
tr	O	我立刻知道他在问什么，并且那是个很好的起点。
tr	O	我把前额抵在她旁边的枕头上，并且我们俩都努力喘息。
tr	O	有一张全白的脸透过玻璃盯着我，并且它没有眼睛！
tr	I	He didn 't want to let that go and I was raking in the cash for him .
tr	O	我能看见，但是一切都很模糊。
tr	I	We were at it again , and he had his sword ready .
tr	I	The heat was somehow ... different , and there wasn 't a trace of smoke .
tr	I	As it looked like a letter , Miriam ignored it , but one document was thrust under one corner of the blotter .
tr	O	他大多数时候都比魔鬼本人还要好色，但是我并不介意。
tr	I	Ryan saw a shard of the broken bowl slip into the spoon , but she made to scoop up some more cereal .
tr	I	She could do it if she didn 't panic but it was dangerous , yes , .
tr	I	This isn 't your problem but I can 't think of anything else to do .
tr	I	I gasped with the pain of it , as though a mule had just kicked me in the belly and jealousy raged within me .
tr	I	She began to panic and Bri noticed two angels coming towards the growing crowd .
tr	I	The stars sparkled across it and the sky had shifted grey .
tr	I	Her contract was only for a few more months anyway , but her landlord wasn 't too keen on her moving out .
tr	I	Her fingers were digging into her biceps through her silk shirt , but her brow arched .
tr	O	肉身石像鬼只能被上帝、你的造物主以及邪恶者派来的、你将与之战斗的恶魔所目睹。
tr	I	He slipped something into her bra , and she was setting the cups down .
tr	O	她的目光射向声音传来的方向，但是我不需要看就知道是谁。
tr	I	She could do it , but the thought sickened her .
tr	I	Her eyes lined with liquid liner and her hair 's been teased .
tr	I	He balled his fists and one tried to touch her .
tr	O	仅仅过了一周，但是她内心的疼痛、空虚甚至还没有开始消散。
tr	I	He was staring at her and Hugh sat in the antechamber , in a chair which faced the front of the room .
tr	I	Then , it has been a long while since I was expected to entertain with civility , but Tea was not my first choice .
tr	I	She whirled to face Morgan who was still sneering at her and her eyes widened with alarm .
tr	O	他毫不怀疑妮可会在那里，并且参加将会是这十年来的亮点。
tr	I	His body fought against leaning into it , and her animal warmth flowed into his back .
tr	O	她只看了一眼头条，并且她忘记了所有关于吃饭的事。
tr	O	我们没有过多谈论它，或者我们就开始紧张了。
tr	I	I try not to gag , and a sickly sweet smell pervades everything .
tr	I	He glared at her and Rashid 's arms crossed over his chest .
tr	I	He 'd never once imagined Margaret , but he 'd imagined her many ways .
tr	I	His mind was restless , but he had tried meditating .
tr	I	There the resemblance ended , but 6 Christine was about the same age as her .
tr	O	也许他会感谢她对她让他经历的创伤所表现出的体谅，并且她会更同情她的主张。
tr	O	他的声音应该吓到我，但是我太生气了，没注意到。
tr	O	她的父亲是一名狙击手，并且她的母亲是一名军护。
tr	O	我现在想去伦诺克斯的派对，但是我不知道独自留下妈妈会作何感受。
tr	O	我看向内特以确保我不是在想象，并且他给了我一个眨眼。
tr	O	赛斯问，并且我点头。
tr	O	我摇了摇头，但是我不知道该说什么。
tr	I	She didn 't even look happy to see him but he 'd been all excited .
tr	O	他误解了我的焦虑，但是我仍然感谢他的关心。
tr	I	The memory was hazy , but I tried to remember .
tr	I	I felt myself visibly relax into my seat and a rush of air expelled through my mouth .
tr	O	她的手指紧握缰绳，但是她强迫自己放松。
tr	I	They had consequences and I made decisions in my life .
tr	I	It wore the same outfit he had sported the last time he conversed with Jonas , and it was exactly his height .
tr	O	她试图联系艾丽西亚，但是艾丽西亚没有接电话。
tr	I	Northern Virginia traffic was notoriously unpredictable , but dulles was only a half-hour away .
tr	O	最终他可以成为彼得的父亲，并且天啊，他值得拥有这一切，鉴于他的人生中没有父亲形象。
tr	I	His eyes took in my whole appearance , and I saw Logan look down at me .
tr	I	The closures yielded to her easily enough and luckily the box was not locked .
tr	O	她为什么那样穿着让他感到困惑，并且她为什么甚至在那条路上也让他感到困惑。
tr	O	他的后腿上有一道大伤口，那是布鲁图斯用他锋利的牙齿咬伤的，并且血正慢慢地渗出来。
tr	O	他摇了几下头，并且他的视线清晰了。
tr	O	手铐压制了他的魔法，并且那才是最重要的。
tr	O	我们俩都坐在桌旁，并且我又好好看了她一眼。
tr	O	她向前倾身，用手遮挡着午后阳光，并且只有那时她才意识到自己正在看的是马匹，成百上千匹。
tr	O	火焰在地面上蔓延开来，并且我在火光中穿梭。
tr	I	The roof way above was wide open , but some of the stairs was left .
tr	I	That was that she detested Grover with every fiber of her being , and one thing was for certain though .
tr	I	At least he could respond in his best English , but Karl was still a problem .
tr	I	Allison had seemed confident that Tara would , but I was certain she wouldn 't agree .
tr	I	I didn 't want to , and I would never get him out of my system .
tr	O	她准备把衣服拿到烘干机去，但是当她转过身时，她差点撞上乔丹·特纳。
tr	O	他的脸很冷峻，并且他的眼睛很暗沉。
tr	I	Elijah drew her outward , and Julia was recalling Amsterdam .
tr	O	他的左肩上有一个小小的入口伤口，并且他用右手捂着脖子。
tr	O	外面人行道外的海面波涛汹涌，并且在地平线上他能看到一丝丝的雨。
tr	I	Lately she has been in a mood , but I don 't mind Sandy at times .
tr	I	He 'd said his was right next door and there were only two rooms on this hallway .
tr	I	I wasn 't foolish enough to believe that freedom would fix me and completely fragmented .
tr	I	Fin 's intimacy before everything blew up in their faces and she hadn 't had time to process her .
tr	I	I forced myself to relax , and a strong breeze made the leaves on the trees above us rustle .
tr	I	In that moment the two men shared a look of barely concealed loathing , and the first man froze for a second to glance back .
tr	O	我听到了床上发出的窸窣声，并且我猛地坐直了身子。
tr	O	她尽可以同意，但是她真的不知道她是否能让它发生。
tr	I	Alix wanted Grandma in the pictures and the photographer would be there soon .
tr	I	The sound didn 't mask her anxiety , but she laughed a little under her breath .
tr	O	我敞开心扉，并且我知道了答案。
tr	O	你以为通过和那条老龙说话你就能打败我，但是它不会像你想象的那么简单。
tr	O	埃里克看起来很惊讶，并且他的背部僵硬了。
tr	O	它发生得如此之快，但是她立刻认出了他。
tr	O	她的眉毛困惑地皱在一起，并且我知道我必须解释。
tr	O	她又俯向我的身体，并且我从上次中断的地方继续。
tr	I	My lungs still felt like they 'd stopped working , but I sucked in a deep breath , then another .
tr	I	Diablo placed a gentle finger on her dry lips , but Amelia opened her mouth to say something .
tr	O	这只会伤害他，但是他们分开的整个时间里，那是她差点做过的最过分的事情。
tr	I	My eyelids are drooping , but the stars still sparkle .
tr	I	She quickly took a sip to disguise her uneasiness , and her coffee arrived .
tr	I	Three of its comrades were already racing toward them , but it yelped , slowing .
tr	O	这对他来说没有成功，但是至少他兄弟的命保住了。
tr	I	Conflicting emotions stirred in my chest , and my heart clenched at the thought .
tr	O	我不知道这是否是偏执，但是我发誓我能看到它的塑料表面下有东西在移动。
tr	I	My subconscious has me slowing down the inevitable , and perhaps I am nervous to see them .
tr	O	不是我在抱怨，但是我猜它会非常非常冷。
tr	O	每个人都有自己的事情要处理，并且自己的问题有能力压倒其他人的任何遭遇。
tr	O	阿博特示意我穿过拱门进入厨房，那里的墙纸有雏菊，而且电器自50年代以来就没有更新过。
tr	O	她迅速后退了一步，但是她的自尊不允许她再退。
tr	O	赛门没有听到亚历克低声的回答，一阵突如其来的剧痛穿透了他，并且他弯下了身子。
tr	O	麦克长腿所需的快速步伐使得绝对辨认成为不可能，但是短暂的瞥见所触动内心深处的情感弦线却在尖叫着要求关注。
tr	I	When it broke over his head it would wash everything away , and somewhere a big dark wave was cresting .
tr	I	There was still no sign of him , and the tournament was about to start .
tr	O	我们默默地乘坐地铁去了那里，并且她整个过程中几乎没看我一眼。
tr	O	我知道医生不想我跳，但是如果他想阻止我接入，他就应该砍掉我的手臂。
tr	O	布鲁诺哼了一声，并且陷入了沉默。
tr	O	我知道他不是故意的，但是这种事会发生。
tr	I	Aaron pushed right through them into the street , but a small crowd was waiting at the crosswalk for the light .
tr	I	He took two deep breaths and his eyes closed .
tr	I	He 'd been in the ranching business forever and he 'd only witnessed one stampede in his life .
tr	O	你看，现在你认识我的家人了，并且你知道我们喜欢帮助别人。
tr	O	他在鹦鹉学舌地重复阿尔的话，但是他的反对仍然是发自内心的。
tr	O	如果她指出显而易见的事，她会显得像个傻瓜，但是她也无法否认。
tr	I	Explaining everything to him had taken forever , and she had gotten behind because Kevin had called while she was at the grocery store .
tr	I	He didn 't like the affect it was having on her , and they made her nervous .
tr	O	他喊了一声，并且她踉跄着后退。
tr	O	手指纷纷指向，并且脚步砰砰作响。
tr	I	My cousins needed to sleep and Hunter was stable .
tr	O	如果他决定亲自查看，爱丽丝会看到，但是当那个决定做出时，我们可能会非常忙。
tr	O	他开始说话，但是当迈里摇头时，那些话语化为乌有。
tr	I	I see his jaw tighten as he grits his teeth , but he doesn 't answer .
tr	I	You could help me with my Italian , and we could help you with your English .
tr	I	Then Meredith got up to put an arm around Bonnie , and there was a long pause .
tr	I	A warm blush rose to her cheeks , and he cocked an eyebrow at her playfully .
tr	I	It was a great site , and he was gifted with technology .
tr	O	他的吻开始时更像是一种请求，一种温柔诱人的诱惑，但是她回应得越多，它就变得越发热烈。
tr	O	兰登大喊着什么，但是已经没有更多的词语，只有声音。
tr	O	我给她发了简要信息，并且她回复确认会带塔米。
tr	I	Mandy brought in a tray of coffee , her usual morning task and Colin had just settled into his desk chair when the door opened .
tr	I	I 'm sorry I walked in on you , and I had a rough time finding this place .
tr	O	那种生活毁了她的母亲，并且她内心深处知道它也会毁了她。
tr	I	This case could be a turning point , but fathers were still rarely given full custody .
tr	I	I wondered if she remembered me , and she didn 't respond at first .
tr	O	我知道她现在有一个新男友，但是仅此而已。
tr	O	他为他们准备了一整场演出，而且他们还在片头字幕。
tr	I	I 'd have to take care of it later , but the gash on my arm was still oozing sluggishly .
tr	O	这让他离基地很近，但是那是它唯一的吸引力。
tr	I	He felt her tense , but she stood her ground .
tr	O	格蕾丝能从他眼中看出，但是后来他也伤害了她。
tr	I	That 's exactly what he experienced , but what he didn 't expect was a white-hot sweep of possessiveness .
tr	I	They hadn 't spoken to me since the first night , but the three of them were in several of my classes .
tr	I	One look said that , and he would not waste his words dealing with such nonsense , because from this man it was .
tr	O	气温肯定逼近一百度，并且湿度很高，是雷暴的绝佳条件。
tr	I	His gaze locked with hers and his head turned .
tr	I	He growled , and I smiled .
tr	O	她只看到了他们给他带来的痛苦，并且这让她心痛不已。
tr	O	我、不确定这是否合理，但是现在不是排除任何可能性的时刻。
tr	O	我正要喊回去，但是我刚听到现场响起了掌声。
tr	O	大麻不见踪影，并且到目前为止他还没有回答。
tr	O	他对我来说仍然是个陌生人，但是感觉我们很快就成了战友。
tr	I	Damn , I wasn 't blind , but she 'd always been a knockout , not that I 'd ever thought of her that way .
tr	O	它掉到了地上，并且他终于在白昼的光线下看到了她美丽的乳房。
tr	I	I knew it wouldn 't be long before I passed out , and a dark cloud appeared behind my eyelids .
tr	O	她经常拿他的外表开玩笑，但是他非传统的长相正是最初吸引她的原因之一。
tr	O	约翰的手指掐住了我的喉咙，并且没过多久我就能感觉到我眼中的血管开始爆裂。
tr	O	我知道她不是想侮辱我，但是它仍然刺痛了我。
tr	O	他的马口吐白沫，但是王子仍然无情地驱策它。
tr	I	I will make sure she will never know my secret , and she was fully unaware of how innocent I really am .
tr	I	She could breathe again and that her world could continue .
tr	O	到目前为止一切顺利，但是那并没有缓解他们每个人内心日益增长的紧张情绪。
tr	I	When he spoke again , it was on a new subject entirely , but she thought he might talk further about the Scribe .
tr	O	她期待着她的新裙子能引出某种反应，但是这和她预期的不完全一样。
tr	I	The place was almost full and it was Friday .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁得很大，并且她的嘴唇开始颤抖。
tr	O	地面开始变硬，并且她注意到周围都是石头。
tr	I	His eyes darkened with desire , and his breath hissed out between clenched teeth .
tr	O	她咬紧牙关控制自己不哭，并且她接着笑了。
tr	O	乔伊已经张开了嘴巴准备回答，但是小女孩已经又开始说话了。
tr	O	她刚没多想就脱口而出了，并且现在他们都期待地看着她。
tr	I	It came into my head involuntarily , but you know it 's a crazy thought .
tr	I	His internal body clock told him it was daytime , but the thick black curtains over the windows let in very little light .
tr	I	Its registration number is RUS 728 , and it was a black Riley Continental .
tr	O	当他看到我时，他的眼睛睁大了，并且他的嘴巴张成了一个小小的O形。
tr	O	我必须确保我每时每刻都看着他们，或者他们就会惹麻烦。
tr	I	Then the door was flung open , and someone beat on his door .
tr	I	I don 't mind it at all and it occurs to me in a rush .
tr	O	我知道你已经太忙了，而且我不希望你来顶替。
tr	I	I 'm still in pain and she had a mean attitude !
tr	I	He had conducted secret experiments on children , yet his name had always been above reproach .
tr	I	It didn 't stop him , but Black fluid flowed from the fallen 's wound .
tr	I	The guests fell silent , and Music began to play .
tr	O	他不知道为什么，但是他一直想住在那里。
tr	O	听她刚才说的话，你会以为她已经和他了断了，但是她并没有。
tr	I	I was the catalyst for pushing the project forward , and they had done all they could with this problem without me .
tr	O	他会再次找上她，而且到那时她就会变得坚强。
tr	O	也许我把她奉若神明，但是到目前为止她都配得上这样的崇拜。
tr	I	She clenched up , expecting a sharp slap and his hand curved over her bottom .
tr	O	我当时不理解，因为我太年轻了，但是这让我对你产生了恨意。
tr	O	他的头抬了起来，并且我因他黑眸中狂野的欲望而颤抖，清楚地知道这欲望在我身上释放时会是什么感觉。
tr	O	萨姆的眼睛柔和了下来，并且他伸出了手。
tr	O	她们柔软，正如女人应有的那样，并且她们看着很赏心悦目。
tr	I	The bandage was dry , but it hurt enough to tell her it was bruised .
tr	O	没错，他们有假期，但是安排它能恰好重合几乎是不可能的。
tr	O	最后那句话带点怒气，并且她接着朝我肩膀打了一拳。
tr	O	我们会集思广益，并且我们会想出一个解决方案。
tr	I	He wasn 't rough , but he wasn 't gentle .
tr	O	她记得曾简短地见过豪厄尔三号，并且他看起来不像那种体力劳动者。
tr	O	如果他直接触摸，那个地方是麻木的，但是移动肩膀引起的疼痛已经消失了。
tr	I	His tone remains mocking , but the red head 's eyes harden as he turns toward me , as if he 's not used to being threatened .
tr	I	The viewing officially began , and Father Jonas said a few words over the body .
tr	O	那是星期二，并且我们有一场历史考试。
tr	O	他们正在低语，当潮水怒吼并且海燕麦抽打着汽车时。
tr	I	That was something and I had a relationship to grow with one of JMS High 's most beautiful girls .
tr	I	It smells amazing all mixed together , but I don 't know .
tr	O	她不应该吻他，但是感觉真好。
tr	I	He wanted to know if I was all right , and he 'd been the one who was almost dead .
tr	O	我没事，但是我想要独处时间。
tr	O	斯宾塞和凯尔西一起来参加派对，并且很明显他们俩都嗑了药。
tr	I	A low roar came from the rapidly burning timbers , and the flames leapt up , obscuring her fair face .
tr	O	每天，邻居家的其他孩子都会聚集起来，并且我会给他们读下一期。
tr	I	He jerked back , away from me , and I shoved .
tr	I	I loved her , and this was Nina .
tr	I	During the week she would always come with Max , but Ash would come with her on the weekends .
tr	I	John followed her and Tanya disappeared once again .
tr	O	我甚至无法在神话乐园交到任何朋友，并且我也不像其他孩子那样是什么伟大的战士。
tr	I	I decided to keep it out of sight , but I was going to give them a quick demonstration with my sling .
tr	O	他走到小山顶，并且我站在半山腰。
tr	I	No words would come , but Kelly wanted to talk .
tr	I	I could not listen , did not care but a man tried to explain it to me .
tr	I	She was watching me with an odd sort of glint in her eyes and she was no longer on the phone .
tr	I	Graham 's frenzy skyrocketed , and she smiled a little .
tr	O	我推开门，并且花园里一片死寂。
tr	O	你的出现可能会让他想起真正发生过的事情，并且卢卡斯需要忘记。
tr	I	I drink in my fill of her as I watch her undress really quickly , and she scoots to the center of the bed .
tr	O	我的手拍打着他的头侧，但是他太强壮了。
tr	I	Her furniture was new , but the building was old .
tr	O	斯帕克递过剩下的肉干，并且瑞迪克一把抓住了它。
tr	O	有些文件被锁定了，并且其他的被删除了。
tr	O	我伸出手与他握手表示同意，并且当他握住我的手时，我的心因接触而狂跳不已。
tr	O	他淫邪的目光在我身上扫视，并且我感到这种行为侵犯了我。
tr	O	我们是最好的朋友，并且我们不保守秘密。
tr	I	Of course her wrists were tied with thick leather straps to two metal poles , but she tried to move her hands .
tr	O	窗帘拉着，但是我看到灯亮着。
tr	O	只认识一个像她那样的人，并且那是她妈妈。
tr	O	格里芬转过头，看着我，但是我继续走着。
tr	O	道尔顿夫人不久后失去了她的丈夫，并且她的两个儿子都在战争中牺牲了。
tr	O	就在一秒钟内我看到愁容掠过他的脸，但是它消失得如此之快，我不得不怀疑我是不是想象出来的。
tr	I	I don 't know if God exists , to tell you the truth , but it 's scary to say this .
tr	I	I did not see him as any harm to others , and I told her I thought he was finished hurting himself .
tr	O	布拉德福德确切地知道钱的来源，并且马里奥对违约的后果没有留下任何疑问。
tr	I	He was clearly a Scot , yet he used words much like the English .
tr	I	The Fates required order , and ending a game before completion was against the order of things .
tr	O	我的背猛地撞到长椅上，并且我很确定我感到我的大脑因突如其来的惯性撞击着我的头骨。
tr	O	多利安爱抚着她的背，并且她看着他。
tr	I	There was nothing that she could do , yet Claude 's touch was making her sick .
tr	I	The two stopped , and I cried out .
tr	I	Jacob felt her watching him and Tabitha slipped into the bed .
tr	I	His throat ached from wanting to bellow a war cry , and Graeme 's hand itched for wanting to grip his sword .
tr	I	I rolled my eyes and he lifted a perfectly groomed eyebrow at me .
tr	I	It wasn 't easy to get my leg working right , and my wound was burning a bit .
tr	I	Here she had it the whole time and she knew I had been out there looking for it .
tr	I	It was probably the route of least potential damage , but it could be expensive in terms of surveillance of the shop .
tr	I	Children know this , and doesn 't explain anything .
tr	I	When it hits the water it melts like sugar in coffee , and it 's falling in great downy billows .
tr	I	It took him a long time to answer , and Sam 's face told me he hadn 't asked himself this question before .
tr	O	离第一节课开始还有几分钟，并且我今天才第一次看到你拐进附近的一条走廊。
tr	I	She was sure that they knew it , and she was dying .
tr	I	He looks at me and I call his name .
tr	I	The image was a vivid one , but Laurence had never commanded a dragon transport .
tr	O	我猛地敲击键盘，并且一声响亮的铃声响起，鸣响了五次，然后又在房间的墙壁上回荡了一会儿。
tr	O	他的眼睛眯了起来，并且他的目光猛地转向安娜，安娜拔出步枪，扔掉了她那没用的手枪。
tr	O	玛雅已经准备好让其他男人嘲笑子爵，但是令她惊讶的是，他们保持了沉默。
tr	I	He managed to choke out a few words and his plain hardened features folded down the center .
tr	I	He wanted to arrive at the Arapaho village by mid-afternoon , and he had a long way to go .
tr	O	你不会相信这个的，但是午饭后，我没有去跟踪伯恩斯教练的办公室寻找布莱恩。
tr	I	Her face was blue-white with pain , but she was trying to get up .
tr	O	我们身边的人催促我们站起来，并且我们照做了，向会众挥手。
tr	O	他那圆圆的红脸，头顶稀疏的浅棕色头发，很熟悉，但是我想不起他的名字。
tr	O	几分钟后，水面平静下来，并且水面再次像镜子一样。
tr	O	人们会交谈，正如人们常做的那样，但是我们从未跨越那条友谊的界线。
tr	I	The Prince was off at once , and the man pointed up a staircase .
tr	O	他租了那间公寓，并且他买了那把椅子。
tr	O	我脑海中的尖叫声正在震碎我的灵魂，而且被抛掷的痛苦令我喘不过气来。
tr	I	At the same time I didn 't want to smother her , but I wanted to see her tomorrow .
tr	I	It changed nothing , but she heard him .
tr	I	The angels sing and I think the heavens open up .
tr	O	他轻柔地吹着她的后颈，而且一阵颤栗传遍了她的全身。
tr	I	She never let it ruin her , but it was rough on my mom .
tr	O	接着他的唇再次覆上我的，而且他把衬衫从我手中拉开，让我能够触碰到他赤裸的皮肤。
tr	O	她是一名受过专业训练的会计师，说真的，而且她每天处理数百万美元的KCL预算。
tr	O	他跳了起来，并且她笑了。
tr	I	He settled back into his seat , and Sam 's smile stretched wide .
tr	O	事实是，他只是想打冰球，而且即使收入很糟，他现在也是一名职业冰球运动员了。
tr	I	He seemed more determined , and my God , he had the disease too .
tr	I	There were very few fish around , but we were in a spot of the ocean with several reefs .
tr	I	He doesn 't want to , but he 's trying to stay away for whatever reason .
tr	O	他的食物到了，并且他拿起叉子。
tr	I	There had been some problems with the coach , but he had tried to pitch in college .
tr	I	They 'll be worried too , but I know everyone will be happy .
tr	I	Four open wounds stared up at him , the muscles torn , the skin completely gone and Blood poured down his chest .
tr	I	I 'm not sure , but I 'm working on it .
tr	I	Her memory began to fade and her father refused to put his mother in a nursing home when her health started to deteriorate .
tr	O	灌木丛中传来更多嚎叫声，并且福克纳指了指。
tr	I	I can tell you he 's good , and I 've spent all of a couple hours with him , Daddy .
tr	I	Yet she seemed so convinced , but it seemed so far fetched .
tr	O	一对带着金毛猎犬的老夫妇与他们反方向擦肩而过，并且三名跑步者消失在拐弯处。
tr	O	我爸爸现在走了，但是他仍然想着我。
tr	O	你接受了那些人，因为他们说他们想服务，但是他们想这样做的理由与你无关。
tr	O	他有一张和善的脸，并且他安慰性地轻拍我的肩膀。
tr	I	She screamed and Anne 's face turned bright red .
tr	I	It might also be bad , but that might be good .
tr	I	Gaia grabbed his hand and he chuckled .
tr	O	约翰的眼睛睁大了，并且他带着新的敬意看着船长。
tr	O	没有人长得像你，并且没有人完全像你。
tr	I	No one would ever know and no one knew .
tr	I	He looked , and Butch pointed .
tr	I	She frowned and a new thought occurred .
tr	O	他的粗大肉棒膨胀了，并且新的姿势让他得以更深地穿透，让我冲向高潮的边缘。
tr	O	我拽着他脏兮兮的耳朵，并且他拽着我娇嫩的手臂。
tr	O	他们已经列好阵型，并且我为他们的热情而微笑。
tr	I	I was startled out of a light doze and I hadn 't been aware that I 'd dozed off until I heard something snap .
tr	I	Zane didn 't even hesitate , but it was almost eight blocks from the station to Tulane Medical Center .
tr	O	他不确定笑声的来源，但是他带进房间的严肃表情慢慢地变成了笑容。
tr	O	我和其他人一样喜欢玩乐，但是我却不明白。
tr	O	这会很困难，但是你只会因此变得更强大。
tr	I	You need to get away from her , but I know you won 't run .
tr	I	His fists open if the urge to defend his woman 's honor overcame him and he agreed to keep his mouth shut .
tr	O	他立刻就知道她也感受到了，并且她警惕的目光看向了他。
tr	O	那些女孩迅速补上了两个人，并且她们同意加入救援。
tr	I	That might push Jack over the edge , but she wanted to laugh , to cheer .
tr	O	她知道他的钱不会永远持续下去，并且她的付出至少能遏制局面。
tr	I	One of the phone books slid off the stack and I jumped .
tr	O	艾拉的手臂挽着泽维尔的，并且他们都穿着厚厚的羊毛大衣。
tr	I	My attention was drawn elsewhere but I was about to say something .
tr	I	It 's locked but I jiggle the door knob .
tr	O	这里的恶魔不暴露自己的身份，但是这里的人类也并非无辜。
tr	I	Naomi beamed , and I felt Bry 's strong grip on my arm .
tr	I	A few dogs did bark as I walked down the street , but the night was quite as still as it had been .
tr	O	他在更衣室里把一个家伙揍得稀巴烂，但是没有人知道为什么。
tr	O	那里的风冬天很冷，但是它们总是很清新。
tr	O	可以说我有一个未婚夫，并且他不会放我走。
tr	I	It didn 't do any good , but Garrett glared at his twin again .
tr	I	He knew it and Devlin was caught .
tr	O	她并没有真正地大喊，但是她非常严厉地说出了这句话。
tr	I	He came to a stop , and I planted my feet .
tr	O	它归一位不朽者所有，他确保窗户有遮光窗帘，壁橱有用于特殊旅行冰箱的插座。
tr	I	In reality they should 've been more concerned about their own , and they thought it was okay to control other people 's lives .
tr	I	She sucked in a sharp breath and his finger slid over her nipple .
tr	I	I push them faster anyway , but my legs are screaming against the pain .
tr	I	I opened my mouth to speak and I gazed at him wordlessly as horror rose in my chest .
tr	I	She would have lost him or she 'd been lucky they had such a strong connection .
tr	O	奥尔森女士脸色发白，并且梅乐迪听到身后传来一声惊呼。
tr	O	我知道这算不上什么蜜月，但是我想带你走，即使只是一个周末。
tr	O	他在保罗身边显得逊色，但是他是一个受欢迎的调剂。
tr	O	服务员走了过来，并且我们点了餐。
tr	I	Both of them tumbled over the edge of the roof and Fluffy barked once before he pounced onto the zombie .
tr	I	She could barely breathe , and her body was tense .
tr	O	有东西碰到了她的皮肤，并且她看到一只蜘蛛爬过她的手。
tr	O	她找回了自己的声音，并且她现在听起来很绝望。
tr	I	It was very brittle , but Quartz was pretty enough .
tr	I	He wanted them to be a little tipsy , and he knew the couple wouldn 't finish dinner till about seven .
tr	I	Of these only a small percentage were even capable of supporting life , and only a small percentage of stars had developed planetary systems .
tr	I	It was hard , but I was doing my best to play nonchalant .
tr	O	那个人是个小丑，但是甚至不是那样。
tr	O	我原以为我能承受住它的力量，但是我错了。
tr	O	他谈论了这个秘密隧道的惊人工程以及他们将太阳石藏在这样一个地方的巧妙之处。
tr	O	他将烟吹向马库斯的方向，但是马库斯没有退缩。
tr	O	在它锁上之前，他的手伸了出来，并且她知道挣扎是徒劳的。
tr	I	That included Tyler , and the less any wolf knew at this point , the better .
tr	I	They were the wrong shoes for a long walk , especially without socks , but her canvas shoes may work for everyday wear .
tr	O	人们确实打猎，并且事故确实会发生。
tr	O	她的目光落在了她摆在他们中间的那顿恶心饭菜上，并且她挺直了背。
tr	O	我曾想过，如果我发现泰在和别人约会，我的心是否会猛跳一下，但是它仍然。
tr	I	I refrained , but I wanted to say mean things to him , hurtful things that might goad him into touching me .
tr	I	He 'll want to hump it and put a skirt on a broomstick .
tr	I	They went back to the beer , and Sean nodded .
tr	O	一滴汗珠顺着她诱人的乳沟流下，并且他懒洋洋地低下头，用舌头追踪着那滴汗珠。
tr	I	What is there to say , but I would describe the ride ?
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her for being nervous and I caught her looking back a few times .
tr	I	I take the opportunity to run my eyes over him one more time , and he opens his menu .
tr	O	值得庆幸的是，那个男人很擅长他的工作，并且他没有割伤萨马拉的皮肤。
tr	O	我发现我已经开始想念它了，但是 我打算不表现出来。
tr	O	我知道我用这个谎言给自己判了罪，但是 我也知道揭露真相会让我万劫不复。
tr	I	This was Dea al Mon. , but Everything felt a bit rustic .
tr	I	The mists blurred the edges of the world , and the fallen autumn leaves were slick beneath Bod 's feet .
tr	I	He climbed out without a word , and she pulled up into his driveway .
tr	I	The townspeople were enjoying the good weather , and the spring evening was unusually warm .
tr	O	悲伤压得我身体沉重，并且 我的眼睛肿胀发胀。
tr	I	Pearl knew that no-one was any closer to identifying him and the initial excitement of having an unidentified patient had worn off at the hospital .
tr	I	The seat next to Ken 's is yours , Meg , and Ken , the seat next to me is for you .
tr	I	I pat her back , and Lorena starts to cry .
tr	O	这就是我母亲曾承诺我可以信任的男人，但是 一个我并不真正了解的人。
tr	O	他已经对她得逞了，并且 现在他已经完事了。
tr	O	我将重心从一条腿移到另一条腿，并且 一根树枝在我的脚下咔嚓一声折断。
tr	O	芬恩不确定他无论如何是否会回来，但是 这一点是真的。
tr	O	那只是一点声音，但是 它具有某种不祥的意味。
tr	O	他俩都听得很清楚，并且他理解了他们所说的。
tr	I	The space shrunk and the light grew .
tr	I	She shook as much as the soldier begging for his life in broken Spanish , and panic bubbled up inside her .
tr	I	As my eyes grew use to the dim light it began to assume a more noticeable form , but it had been there all along .
tr	O	他开始重新戴上他的护目镜，但是她用手按住他的胳膊阻止了他。
tr	I	The child was brought back to the family thanks to the relentless strive of the Kerala Police , and the case was reported .
tr	O	他想相信它能应对任何抛向它的东西，但是他就是不知道。
tr	O	管风琴音乐响起了，并且所有人都站了起来。
tr	I	I start to dribble again and Travis tosses it back .
tr	I	They get a small salary and the quarterbacks are typically American .
tr	O	我的眼睛有点累了，并且我发现自己在等红灯的时候揉眼睛。
tr	I	Just the sight of that small bit of naked flesh made me blush , but it was strange .
tr	O	我们聊了天，喝了很多，并且我们做了爱。
tr	I	This time it 's more intensified and my shoulders twitch as sparks shock my chest again .
tr	I	Her eyes glazed over and she grasped the steering wheel again .
tr	O	她径直冲出几步，并且然后她猛地向左转。
tr	I	Approaching fast but I see the gleam of a small train car , far away now .
tr	O	她曾对她想要的东西如此确定，并且现在疑虑如冰雹般向她袭来。
tr	I	She hoped it wasn 't her fault and she couldn 't believe what was happening .
tr	O	格蕾丝问道，并且茱德想知道格蕾丝将这个问题憋了多久，不敢问家里的任何人。
tr	I	The truth is that hardly anyone ever went down there and it took up two entire floors .
tr	O	也许他太过多疑了，但是俄罗斯事件之后，他不敢冒任何风险。
tr	O	他将额头抵在我的额头上，并且我全身的肌肉都紧绷了。
tr	O	搬家工人从卡车后部抬下一张白色沙发，并且我的心跳得更厉害了。
tr	O	队伍的其他人已经和我们汇合了，并且我正在寻找一条逃生路线。
tr	I	Her brother , Max , stepped out on the patio and the rear door opened .
tr	O	克鲁斯站了起来，尽管姿态不那么优雅，他也伸手去拿他的剑。
tr	I	Apparently Carolyn did , but she didn 't consider men in those terms .
tr	O	她的眼中显现出宽慰，并且我们又开始向前走了。
tr	O	门上没有铁栅栏，但是它感觉像一个地牢囚室。
tr	I	For a moment she looked strikingly like Nipper , the dog on the old RCA Victor labels , and Dinah 's head cocked to one side .
tr	O	我们一直是最好的朋友，而且他现在甚至不能跟我说话？
tr	O	有人从观众席上喊了一声，并且笑声随之响起。
tr	I	Nothing about her life felt right and School had drained her .
tr	O	后座上的人太多了，而且他知道，一旦被发现，他们就会被高速公路巡警拦住。
tr	I	I uncovered his lips and he nodded at me .
tr	I	She still seemed confused , but it all seemed pretty good to me .
tr	O	杰克招待了那群喧闹的人群，而且大部分员工似乎早就认识他了。
tr	O	在内心深处，我正在死去，但是晚些时候会有时间处理那件事的。
tr	I	Their guns could not reach the enemy but the Nomads fired back .
tr	O	当着他的面，他们说了一些乐观的话，但是他知道，当他们以为他看不见时，他们会摇头。
tr	O	随着时间的流逝，诺亚屏住了呼吸，并且卫兵们继续前行了。
tr	O	我只要一步走错，而且我可能就完蛋了。
tr	O	他这次进入了凯利，并且他们都放肆地呻吟起来。
tr	I	We continued to walk in silence , and I shook my head .
tr	O	她没戴帽子，但是她把头发向后扎了起来，这很不寻常。
tr	O	他对着她轻笑，并且她喜欢他发出的声音。
tr	I	She wasn 't about to punish him for that , and Singer had acted instinctively to protect her .
tr	O	卧室门关着，但是显然在他睡觉的时候有人进了他的房间。
tr	O	一颗子弹擦伤了他的腿，并且另一颗在他的左侧肋骨下方挖出了一个极其痛苦的深槽。
tr	O	银子在我湿冷的皮肤上感觉冰冷，但是仅此而已。
tr	O	不过，有什么东西吸引了他的注意，并且他试图理解他所看到的一切。
tr	I	The United States was formed , and Great Britain had lost its colonies .
tr	I	He 's more than ready to move on and there 's an unopened second birthday present .
tr	I	It occurred to me that Patch had taken great care not to leave any trace of himself behind , and the actual computer was gone .
tr	O	他否认自己是帝国特工，并且我们也没有任何信息表明他是。
tr	I	I 'd often found myself wondering if we were the same size so I could borrow them , and her shoes were also fabulous .
tr	I	He couldn 't let her and she was trying to leave .
tr	O	一张铺着毛皮的床占据了房间的中心位置，并且炉火温暖着寒冷的冬日空气。
tr	O	热气很炽热，但是我跪在它面前。
tr	O	我的姐姐可能已经离开了，但是我仍然就在这里。
tr	I	You aren 't a murderer , but you know how it feels to take a life .
tr	I	All was still , and he was warm .
tr	I	I would 've rather plummeted to earth than let him join me , but so maybe not waiting for Hades hadn 't been the best idea .
tr	O	她伸出手去捏了捏他的手臂，并且他回应地和她一起躺了下来。
tr	I	I gulped nervously , and the green in his eyes had turned to something much darker .
tr	I	A layer of clouds had rolled in , and there were no outside lights at the farm .
tr	O	我不知道我们是否应该做一些其他村民会不赞成的事情，但是我认出了维尔的眼神。
tr	O	这显然让她措手不及，并且她至少十秒钟没有回应。
tr	O	她清楚地表明她是一位社交专家，并且她的想法不容忽视。
tr	O	我走过他们所有人，来到过道尽头的摊位，并且科尔就在那里。
tr	I	I wouldn 't die , and I wouldn 't cave .
tr	O	银行家稍稍后退了一点，并且当他再次开口时，他的声音里已经带着寒意。
tr	I	It wasn 't always real ... but they showed me you guys .
tr	O	所有的父母都会来看表演，并且他就可以趁那时去洗手间，当爸爸会带他去的时候。
tr	O	杰特对他皱眉，并且费利克斯假意投降地举起双手，然后退入提奥已成功打开的房间。
tr	I	All their knowledge was hers , and she was only the last , only one of them .
tr	O	树木是绿色的，并且天空是蓝色的。
tr	I	This was absurd , but her work often uncovered unusual findings .
tr	I	Her home wasn 't going to be a secret black hole any longer , but she might hate him for it later .
tr	I	I was even less so now , and I hadn 't been nervous then .
tr	I	For me morning time was for coffee , but it didn 't taste bad .
tr	I	She 'd just had a bad breakup and I reminded myself that Jess was Rock 's cousin .
tr	O	到目前为止我们一直分坐在座位上，但是我却发现自己被吸引着想再靠近一点。
tr	O	我送布伦丹回家，并且他笑了。
tr	O	在我的旅途中，这张卡片变得更加血迹斑斑，但是我却从未弄丢过它。
tr	I	As usual , he was muttering to himself , and he was setting a fast pace .
tr	I	He held me and he put his arm around me .
tr	O	她伸出手把我的脸捧在她的手中，并且我吸入了浓烈的医院肥皂味。
tr	I	Stocking the kitchen with her favorite foods seemed like a good idea , but it probably seemed desperate .
tr	I	The dining car was full of commotion and everyone was talking .
tr	O	刺激消失了，并且我们是好朋友。
tr	O	他垂下的眼睛缩回了他的脸上，而且他肿胀的那只眼睛消肿了。
tr	O	香农咯咯地笑了，但是她的笑声变成了喘息，因为他的舌头在她敏感的乳头周围打着圈，爱抚着皮肤。
tr	O	我也爱弗罗斯特，但是我有了我的启示。
tr	I	It may be because of the two Officers we are holding and you will be happy to know that the executions did not take place .
tr	I	I don 't like that , and it makes me feel helpless .
tr	O	现在那种昏迷似乎已经消散了，而且她的眼睛湿润了，她伸出手去爱抚乔纳森的背。
tr	I	I shrugged him away , but diggs touched my arm .
tr	O	我以为我听到了一声巨响，但是我的眼皮太重了，睁不开。
tr	O	我完全被我们之间发生的该死的一切所困扰，而且我似乎无法阻止自己做出反应。
tr	I	I am going home and I have been in surgery for hours .
tr	I	Jacey knows it and I know it .
tr	O	那是在一个月前开始的，而且情况仍然没有好转。
tr	I	Sam 's guilt wouldn 't change anything , but he might be silently cursing them both for the time he 'd wasted .
tr	O	叔叔卡尔看起来在说什么，但是蕾玛离得太远听不清。
tr	I	I stayed behind , but the group followed Marcus .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure he hadn 't blinked since I started talking and Harry 's eyes got even more narrow .
tr	I	He dropped her off , and she finished her coffee .
tr	O	她没事，但是她也对他的反应感到紧张。
tr	O	他以为他明白了，但是他想确认一下。
tr	O	我环顾四周，但是没有人离得足够近能听到我们。
tr	O	她的眼睛是深邃温暖的棕色，并且她用睫毛膏把睫毛涂得很浓。
tr	O	我知道她有多讨厌慈善，但是这样她就可以上学了。
tr	I	We would be fine and simple rules to follow .
tr	I	Hands Ryan the ball and Ian turns back .
tr	I	His words came slowly and he was winded .
tr	O	夜幕已经降临，并且火光微弱。
tr	I	I suddenly knew exactly what I had to do , and there was nothing I wouldn 't do to save him .
tr	O	萨曼莎翻了个白眼，并且把她的衬衫扔到地板上。
tr	I	She sniffed the wind that came around the corner of the house and her head lifted higher .
tr	O	如果我知道要去哪里，并且司机不知道，我宁愿自己去那里。
tr	I	He couldn 't find her , but she was the one he needed .
tr	I	I pushed it back , but panic filled me .
tr	O	我知道我脸上挂着傻笑，并且我不在乎。
tr	O	我试图向他喊叫，但是迫切需要呼吸空气的感觉消失了。
tr	I	No one had found Barker 's grave in eighteen years ... But they hadn 't had time to dig much of a hole .
tr	O	你告诉我打破歌曲创作的规则，并且现在我写歌了。
tr	O	他笑了，但是仅仅一秒钟，她以为自己在他眼中看到了失望。
tr	I	He 's in his uncle 's law firm , but his father 's a rancher outside of San Jose .
tr	O	他早些时候曾考虑打电话给迈克，但是克里斯的权力吓到了他。
tr	O	卢卡斯可能还年轻，但是他知道自己在做什么。
tr	I	The boat rose to the deck in seconds and the ropes went over a double pulley .
tr	O	当我向前迈步时，我注意到那不是一个地方，而是她十四年前照料的花园。
tr	O	雨滴开始敲打他们头顶的防水布，并且越来越强的风把雪花吹到他们脸上。
tr	O	他伸出手来握手，并且我握住了。
tr	O	也许那是真的，但是我不知道在这么长时间里紧紧抓住它之后如何放手。
tr	I	I 'm going to and Mum promised I could go back to Sydney .
tr	I	I was shooting to kill , and once the familiar feel of that weapon was in my hand , all bets were off .
tr	O	有时它是清晰的，并且有时它是一片模糊。
tr	O	睡觉确实是个好主意，但是凯尔在等着。
tr	I	My tongue dipped into her and I spread her open with my fingers .
tr	O	再多一点，而且她就会崩溃。
tr	O	它嚎叫了一声，试图抓住，并且突然他就自由了。
tr	O	很多女孩对后门进入很警惕，但是如果你做得对，她们会达到前所未有的高潮。
tr	I	The entire community is forbidden from this place , but it wasn 't just myself that 's forbidden .
tr	I	Someone flipped me over , ripping back my hood , but my nails clawed at the ground .
tr	O	她正大步走过，这时一个乘务员冲了出来，并且她看到将军正被穿上盔甲。
tr	I	It seemed mean , but I wanted to talk to her about what had happened the night before .
tr	I	I slip my hands down from his shoulders to wrap around his stomach and the blood drains from my face at the mention of Eric .
tr	I	It was the first time we 'd shared a bed on a date , but it wasn 't the first time we 'd shared a bed .
tr	O	他被打败了，但是他没有被打垮。
tr	I	I swear they are smirking , and the apparitions ' hollow eyes focus on me .
tr	O	他们有两个人，并且他们在几秒钟内就包围了我们。
tr	O	它是西班牙语，但是它简直就像火星语。
tr	O	那是春天，但是旧金山的春天可能会很冷。
tr	I	That first one will always hold a special place in my heart , but over the last three years , I 've taught dozens of classes .
tr	O	我看过去，并且泰，他简直笑得眼泪都流了下来。
tr	O	第二层的阳台只有磨坊的四分之一大，并且他看到第三层只有第二层三分之一那么小。
tr	O	我们正努力加快速度，但是我们需要彻底。
tr	I	She spoke of a plan to run away from Miles and my mother talked about how the government had murdered my father .
tr	I	The times that would be brought upon the winds and she had to think of the years ahead .
tr	I	He wondered how long a man could last as a servant with such a spirit , but Sam admired courage .
tr	O	我知道我是一个幸运儿，并且我常常没有充分意识到这一点。
tr	I	He grabbed her around the waist , pulling her against him once more for another passionate kiss but she started to roll off of him .
tr	O	他的声音很温柔，并且那个女孩诚实地回应了。
tr	O	他把手放在她的手里，并且她转向他，眼睛凝视着他。
tr	O	我的高潮比我经历过的任何一种愉悦都更强烈、更持久，并且他将它拉到了深渊的边缘。
tr	O	我跳了起来，在他们头顶上方盘旋着穿过空中，然后稳稳落地。
tr	O	他不可能猜到那个标记意味着什么，但是我不打算冒险。
tr	I	Pappy drove even slower than usual , and the roads were muddy .
tr	I	I halted , and it gave me pause .
tr	I	She feared hurting him , but Andrea wanted to give Ronan a full hug .
tr	O	他的脸依然阴沉，并且他没有回应。
tr	O	你要么拥有力量，或者你没有，斯诺。
tr	O	他看着我清理他的手时我的嘴，并且然后闭着眼睛把额头抵在我的额头上，呻吟着。
tr	I	Some of us will make it , but most of us will be hunted down .
tr	I	I giggled too , and then he chuckled .
tr	O	关于一个真正的杀手，你必须理解的要点是杀戮是他们的本性，并且你无法改变一个事物的本性。
tr	O	在那场可诅咒的比武大会中，你从我手中夺走了她，并且从那天起我的心就已死去了。
tr	O	克里斯曾是杰里米最好的朋友，但是两人却再不同不过了。
tr	O	试图和他说话是没用的，并且她反正也没什么兴趣听他的借口。
tr	O	这种感觉如此转瞬即逝，我可能以为是自己想象出来的，但是取而代之的奇怪空虚感却挥之不去。
tr	O	关于这一切，他是对的，但是在他信的末尾，他说他希望我再次快乐起来。
tr	I	I snuffed it out as best I could , but Hurt sliced my chest .
tr	I	He really didn 't want to , and he 'd have to plug her .
tr	I	For him to be mine ... and to marry this man ... to be his .
tr	I	I was unable to but I wanted to look away .
tr	I	She takes in a sharp breath , but the last one was a lie , as it was a prank from me .
tr	I	I only ever played to win , and well , losing wasn 't an option .
tr	I	The water in the sink began to bubble , and Beth flipped the switch to the garbage disposal .
tr	O	他的手钳住了我的肩膀，并且我猛地转过身，把它拍开。
tr	O	他点了点头，并且她继续了。
tr	I	He didn 't seem to notice how uncomfortable he was making me but I tensed at the sudden contact .
tr	I	She patted his arm , and he glared at her .
tr	O	金姆帮我开了门，并且然后我们一起走了，我们的第一节课在同一栋楼里。
tr	O	他睁开了眼睛，但是他看不清楚。
tr	O	她准备好了，并且佐伊还没准备好。
tr	I	Della saw it in his eyes , and Burnett 's expression stayed firm .
tr	I	His obnoxious personality should , but no , thought Annie .
tr	O	他比她大得多，并且她崇拜他。
tr	O	国王挥手驳回了他们的担忧，并且使者被允许讲话。
tr	I	We hadn 't had a chance to check yet , but no one seemed to be around .
tr	O	她可能想做这件事好几个月了，但是你拒绝了，因为她是个好女孩。
tr	I	Their eyes were made of lead , and they were hard , not too well kept .
tr	I	The fresh night air would be a glad change and she had begun to feel warm from the dancing .
tr	I	That concerned me , and she 'd given up writing out the recipes .
tr	O	我因他的触碰而僵硬，并且我又听到他叹了口气。
tr	O	我们走到了尽头，而且我可能应该感到紧张。
tr	O	距离我离开诺福克才两天，并且我无法想象她还有更多话要对我说。
tr	I	This morning was the real kicker , but it 's felt like that since the day Robin showed up .
tr	I	It made sense , but Kira didn 't remember that .
tr	I	He was standing behind his father , and he 'd walked in from the kitchen .
tr	O	他强行掰开了她的另一只手，并且她一直努力争取的食物掉到了地上。
tr	O	这就是那个让我的生活偏离正轨的男人，而且我很好奇。
tr	O	我本来打算让他自生自灭，但是这里的莉齐给了我一个更好的计划。
tr	I	Carbonell doesn 't , but they want the pirates in jail .
tr	O	这位演员在丹尼尔出生前很多年就已经去世了，但是他知道李仍然被视为武术传奇。
tr	O	我感觉到伊甸的血液因担忧而活跃起来，并且这让我的血液也沸腾得如同电流般狂乱。
tr	I	He added a dark loaf of pumpernickel bread to the items on the counter , and she nodded .
tr	I	It had drawn his eye instantly and it was a powerful looking beast .
tr	O	他向大厅迈出一步，并且就在他几乎要进入窗户视野的时候，我抓住了他的手。
tr	O	乔纳森站在那里看着她，并且我能看出他试图弄明白她是否真诚。
tr	O	海水在明亮的白色天空下呈现出钢蓝色，并且必然的雨水以闪烁银光的无声水幕猛烈落下。
tr	O	我的眼睛眯了起来，并且一种非常接近愤怒的情绪在表面之下隐约沸腾。
tr	O	她的手在颤抖，并且她在拨号时停下来清了两次嗓子。
tr	O	她挣脱了我的束缚，并且在我还没弄明白怎么回事之前，我就受制于她了。
tr	O	这是他们第一次单独在一起，并且凯特琳太累了，她的眼皮像铅块一样重。
tr	O	本想躲开，但是却无处可躲。
tr	O	他们带着人类，并且那些心跳让琪拉的饥饿感达到了极致。
tr	I	Immediately my attitude changed , and then Amelia had called me a petulant child .
tr	I	Then goes back to the computer , lining her fingers up on the keyboard , and Lea rolls her eyes .
tr	O	二十岁不算太老，但是年纪已经不小了。
tr	O	我拘留所里有两个吓得要死的人，并且他们的公设辩护人看起来也好不到哪里去。
tr	O	也许我对他保密很自私，但是我早就知道一旦有人知道了，事情会怎么发展。
tr	I	I knew I had to come get you and I saw you out there looking so confused .
tr	O	罗孚试图自卫，但是安德烈拍了拍手。
tr	I	She went to help them rebuild , and we have a stronghold there that was attacked a few months ago .
tr	I	I want you to have what 's left and I won 't be needing anymore withdrawals from that account .
tr	I	It had rested here a long time , but the wreck might have been of some historical interest .
tr	I	They seemed well organized , but none wore green cloaks .
tr	O	他的脸肿得一塌糊涂，并且他侧卧着，膝盖微微弯曲。
tr	I	I wasn 't the only one , and I almost choked on my champagne .
tr	I	Nothing happens , but I yank at it to open .
tr	I	Motion detection cameras were bound to be in the nearby trees and we agreed the fences were made of barbed wire with razor wire on top .
tr	I	She turned to her side , swiping at her face , to look up at him , but he laid her on the bed .
tr	I	I focused on him but it took everything I had .
tr	O	杰克把马克斯往后拉了一步，但是另一个人一动不动地盯着他们。
tr	I	I came across their passports and after they died I was helping to go through some of their things .
tr	I	The deer loomed over me and I crashed to the ground again .
tr	O	再在这个话题上多花几秒钟，并且所有人都会哭起来，这对科林度过难关没有帮助。
tr	O	她的眼睛睁得很大，像猫头鹰一样大，并且我意识到了我的错误。
tr	O	绿色是一张脸，并且这张脸是反常的。
tr	O	在那一刻，麦肯齐不再看他，但是他看到了她肩膀上的紧张。
tr	I	I wasn 't certain where I stood with her now , but I was going to say your boyfriend .
tr	I	She was going to come too soon , and it was too much , too quick .
tr	I	They were now trying to escape , and someone had fired arrows at them .
tr	O	他的头发长得可以扎马尾辫，并且他的肩膀宽得足以穿足球装备。
tr	I	He hoped none of the pack started to see it that way , and it made him feel like a powerless figurehead .
tr	O	唯一似乎察觉到我存在的是鸟儿，并且即使它们也随着下午的流逝而变得安静起来。
tr	I	She 'd just invited him to her home , and now he was about to leave for what could easily be several months .
tr	I	He didn 't ask for it , but I suspected he 'd prefer beer .
tr	I	Her voice was morose and her smile was gone .
tr	I	They looked vaguely familiar , but he could not read the lettering on the boxes .
tr	I	He knew something was wrong and one look at her face .
tr	I	It all faded away when Haven looked at him , but he strolled in their direction , suddenly nervous again .
tr	I	I 'm not even sure how we manage to move between the two worlds and we can 't go zipping around all over the place .
tr	I	In reality , I was only serving them , but I thought I was serving my country .
tr	O	奥利维亚在他家街对面长大，并且自她出生以来，他们就变得几乎形影不离。
tr	O	斯蒂芬看见了我，并且一个巨大的笑容绽放在他的脸上。
tr	I	The wire circled tight around them , digging into my skin , but I kicked my legs .
tr	I	He confirmed what was wrong with me , and I did see him today .
tr	O	我坐在我亲爱的朋友床边，握着他的手，并且在他去世后很长一段时间里，我仍然握着它。
tr	I	Everyone else involved , reporting the drug sale they had witnessed , and he needed to stop his wife .
tr	O	这比她预期的要好，并且他至少愿意让她尝试的事实极大地改善了她的心情。
tr	O	我从你那里带走了珀耳塞福涅，并且你从我这里带走了塔克。
tr	I	It had taken him a while to realize he could do a whole lot better than her and she must have bewitched him somehow .
tr	I	His head had been twisted from his body and his helmet was crushed .
tr	I	A nurse was left in the room to carry them out , and there were certain procedures that needed to be followed after a death .
tr	O	麦克的店通常不挤，但是晚上很忙。
tr	I	Andris bounced off it like a ping pong ball , but it cracked as though hit by a demolition ball .
tr	I	Some things have to be dealt with on your own , but of course I 'll always be there to help him in the tough times .
tr	I	He knew he couldn 't put Mitch off too much longer , but the place looked great .
tr	I	I wanted to touch him , and his hand palmed my cheek .
tr	O	他笑了，但是路易能看出那是勉强的。
tr	O	午夜每天只持续一个小时，但是那是乔纳森唯一感到完整的时候。
tr	O	偶尔能听到呻吟声，但是总体基调是积极的。
tr	O	树木变成了草地，并且我凝视着我们经过的几栋房子，心想我的家人是否可能在其中一栋里。
tr	I	Thomas kept me at my lessons but our party was packing this afternoon .
tr	I	He regretted speaking so forcefully , and she flinched at his harsh tones .
tr	O	他有九条命，钢铁般的肠胃，并且没有什么能超出他的专业范围。
tr	O	他有点口音，但是我分辨不出来。
tr	I	Eveline wasn 't going to risk a confrontation over it , and the woman hadn 't brought anything for Eveline to drink .
tr	I	Her shoulders shook , but she didn 't speak .
tr	I	His shoulders slumped , as if a heavy weight had just been yoked across them , and my lover sighed .
tr	I	I smell some kind of citrusy cleaner and it 's much quieter now .
tr	I	He held up one hand , indicating she had five minutes left and his expression was still dark .
tr	O	每个人都有不同的狩猎方式，并且我们的社会也有自己的方式。
tr	I	My balance wavered and my ears rang .
tr	I	The wicked smile still turned his mouth up and his eyes remained amused .
tr	O	他直刺到剑柄，并且我融化在他身边。
tr	I	It 's adding to my already shitty mood , and we can 't figure out why she 's giving us so much trouble .
tr	I	I giggled as I finished cooking the eggs , and Bastian winked at me .
tr	O	这可能很难理解，但是一切都同时发生。
tr	O	我试图让课堂上的初级课程有些刺激，而且裘德让课间五分钟的行走都变得过度刺激。
tr	I	He felt free , but when he opened them , he was not any less sad .
tr	I	The clock was running , and I had twenty-one days to find a job .
tr	I	I lost track of sides and the war went extra crazy for a bit .
tr	O	这一切都已成为过去，并且她也并非需要建议。
tr	O	女孩的脸不清楚，但是我一直以为是我，因为我能感受到她正在经历什么。
tr	O	我的目光转向扎恩，但是他移开了视线。
tr	I	Rashid had had other ideas , but she might have been emotionally invested in their short relationship .
tr	O	她明天会宿醉得很厉害，但是她的工作并非是脑外科手术。
tr	O	他们尽力穿越废墟，但是那些匿名的工业走廊在昏暗中看起来都一模一样。
tr	O	他腰部以上什么都没穿，并且他的肩膀上的绷带透出一点微小的红色。
tr	I	The red of his eyes tore through Ash . , and he held out a beckoning hand .
tr	O	情感很复杂，但是答案很简单。
tr	I	He 'd ripped her off , to boot , and the guy had become an even bigger jerk .
tr	O	泥土地面和亚历山大港的没什么两样，只是它们被踩得更硬，而且没有那么多灰尘。
tr	I	I did , but I don 't know what possessed me to touch his face .
tr	I	Only to find out if he knew anything more about Mark 's true identity , but she called Detective Kang .
tr	O	她的脸色更暗了，并且我们之间地板上的月光石也更黯淡了，就像阴影正在向我们逼近一样。
tr	O	我只做了一个改动，并且可以说结果不是非常顺利。
tr	I	His chest was too tight with terror but Jake wanted to scream .
tr	O	她坐到位子上，并且我意识到当她的臀部顶着我的阴茎时，这个主意有多糟糕。
tr	I	My eyes flutter open and turning to kiss him , someone calls to me .
tr	I	It clattered over the floor and she lost hold of it with the force of her swing .
tr	I	It was like the whole club 's air was being sucked out , but it felt like a shift .
tr	O	史塔斯基第一个走上前，并且用双手轻松地将雕刻的圆圈推进墙壁。
tr	I	She wasn 't going to let him , but Terese knew he wanted to control her , that he wanted to dominate .
tr	O	我搞砸了，并且我以为我朋友们过的生活就是我想要的生活。
tr	I	It smelled like him , but it swallowed me .
tr	O	这次她没有立刻回嘴反驳坦纳，并且她不喜欢这种不平衡的局面。
tr	O	我哼着歌，并且我工作。
tr	I	He must have noticed my frazzled expression , and his gaze lifted as I moved closer .
tr	I	I created a type of void and I launched myself into the air spinning as I ascended .
tr	I	This time Matt was ready , but I did the same serve .
tr	O	投票在一天内举行，并且我们需要确保对的人被立为王。
tr	O	我闭上眼睛，让海浪有节奏的声音将我拉入梦乡。
tr	I	I really love you but sometimes I make mistakes .
tr	O	他中枪了，或者他开枪自杀了。
tr	I	At the same time it began to broaden , and it grew steadily louder as the dream darkened .
tr	O	有点僵硬，但是毕竟她是个女王。
tr	I	A million stars dotted the black skyline , and Night was slowly falling .
tr	O	她可以用好几个形容词来描述她此刻的感觉，但是无聊甚至根本没排在名单末尾。
tr	I	His bad vision kept him on the ground but he always wanted to fly jets .
tr	O	他示意她坐下，并且他也跟了上去。
tr	I	A closer look at Sonya stopped me , but I started to say no once more .
tr	O	这无疑是一种进步，并且他希望他的新腿已经准备好，以便他能加入他们。
tr	O	她也勇敢得惊人，并且他不知道自己的神经能否承受住这种压力。
tr	O	当他们走近时，它打开了，并且他们穿过进入了一个长长的密室。
tr	O	念珠拨动的声音充满了空气，这时每个人都收起了自己的念珠，并且这也包括了我们所有人。
tr	I	He 's a smart one , but he 's a guy .
tr	O	我大步跨过边界，并且其余的蜘蛛都跟着我，被我的魔法所陶醉。
tr	O	梅森向她详细讲述他的一天过得怎么样，并且我知道库珀也基本在做同样的事情。
tr	I	I can 't explain how I know , and it was real .
tr	I	They moved as if in rank , and the ships flew in close formation , their sides parallel .
tr	O	我已经跳进去取暖了，并且查尔斯紧随其后。
tr	I	He understood what it represented , but it was an awful compromise .
tr	O	敌人终于明白了，但是为时已晚。
tr	O	她一直渴望过桥，但是一旦她上了桥，她就充满了恐惧。
tr	O	茱莉亚张开嘴想说什么，但是她记不起那是什么了。
tr	I	I work through it , but it makes me antsy .
tr	I	The black shadow has me mesmerized but Zeke is still coming towards me .
tr	I	I have seen Des fight , but maybe I have .
tr	O	我很清楚，并且我不在乎。
tr	O	我不是在躲避他，但是我是在给他空间。
tr	I	I take it in mine before she can accost the employee , and I can see her hand reaching toward it .
tr	I	He drew her blood into his mouth but she whimpered when she lost his hand .
tr	O	汤姆消化了这一切，并且这激发了一种回应的需求。
tr	I	His square shoulders filled out his clean cotton shirt , and Chuck stood as tall as Violet .
tr	O	较大的房间里已经有火在燃烧，并且窗帘已经拉上。
tr	I	Kate didn 't seem to notice , but Lucas winced when she said blood .
tr	I	I realized I 'd missed my own name and Mr. Ferguson sounded impatient .
tr	O	贾克斯可能已经被抓了，但是我从来没有过。
tr	O	我听到了她声音里的愤怒，但是 我感到自己与那创伤出奇地疏离。
tr	I	We 're trying to go backward now , and it feels like we 're already there .
tr	O	我听到他的呻吟，并且 这只会让我更湿润。
tr	I	His face is severely bruised , and he has a mild concussion .
tr	O	我没再说什么，但是 我也不需要。
tr	O	萨姆试图放松，但是 他的神经已经崩溃了。
tr	I	There is no doubt within me on what her answer would have been but I think hard about it .
tr	I	That made me increase my pace and he groaned .
tr	I	We 'd be fine and I could choose to never work another day in my life .
tr	O	我们正在去派对的路上，并且 我们却像两个刻薄的老太太一样闷闷不乐。
tr	O	随着白昼的流逝，太阳已经开始下山，并且 马车却从未从我身后赶来。
tr	O	他的力气尚未恢复，并且 他挣扎着把自己拉起来。
tr	I	Had nailed the spot just between those eyes , and enjoying the fact that I 'd imagined green eyes peering out through the logo .
tr	O	她给所有我手机里存有号码的人打了电话，并且 她这样做时，仅凭零碎的信息。
tr	O	毁了一双好靴子真是可惜，但是至少我从这笔交易中得到了一顶丑陋的帽子。
tr	O	她被介绍给了那些男人，但是没有向其他男人提及她是我母亲。
tr	I	She had an elegance about her that gave her an ageless look , but like me she was young when she was turned into a vampire .
tr	O	他的力量最初并不明显，并且许多人认为他会是容易的猎物。
tr	O	那个问题是针对我的，并且我想我说了一些肯定的事情。
tr	I	Neil had managed it without one conversation ... and it was exactly the kind of ring she would have chosen .
tr	I	Before I could say anything , Gear was throwing a blob of water at Jared 's head , but I blushed again .
tr	I	I had to pace myself , but I could have drunk the whole lot in one go .
tr	I	He always prevented me , but I tried to tell your father , several times .
tr	O	从房间相对的温暖中走出来最初让他感到震惊，并且本花了几分钟才适应。
tr	O	你的朋友瓦妮莎·肯德拉吹灭了蜡烛，并且发光的字消失了。
tr	O	她的平衡几乎失去，并且她发出了一声惊恐的尖叫。
tr	O	我的胸膛紧紧地贴着他的，并且我强忍住一声喘息。
tr	O	他尝到了她的味道，并且他想要更多。
tr	O	玛丽安娜脾气很坏，毫无疑问，但是她通常也有一颗宽恕之心。
tr	I	She wished him the best , as long as it wasn 't with her and he deserved to be happy .
tr	O	卡拉不介意观看，但是那不是她所热衷的。
tr	O	那都已成为我们的过去，并且我们需要让它留在那里。
tr	O	他们都给了我更多空间，但是他们都没有看向我。
tr	O	他的眼神迷住了我，并且我必须努力保持我的愤怒，提醒自己我对他还不确定。
tr	I	They all fell asleep and eventually the shepherd quieted .
tr	I	I balled my fists , and primal blood beat through my body .
tr	I	I don 't blame you for your choice , and I know you 'll be leaving for China .
tr	O	她把我们带回你身边，并且我们用担架抬着你。
tr	I	It 's to do with your , er , friend , Miss Case , but he said harshly : ' You needn 't answer .
tr	O	丹尼尔伸出了手，并且凯瑟琳握住了它。
tr	I	She let us go , and finally the heat faded .
tr	I	If you get answers it could be worthwhile , but I know it would be deeply painful .
tr	O	罗素的父母最近没见过他，但是他们对此并没有过分担心。
tr	I	My body felt paralyzed , but I wanted to move .
tr	O	那个女人迅速离开了，并且青少年们笑了。
tr	I	He seems like he knows what he 's doing but I start to inform him the club is closed .
tr	O	不幸的是它得到了回应，并且她最终怀孕了。
tr	O	它会很美味，但是克莱尔已经知道她不会在意。
tr	I	She tried not to squirm , and his gaze never left her .
tr	I	I can 't say that I mind But G > .
tr	O	我哥哥拥有那个宝珠，并且凭借它的力量他能做大恶事。
tr	I	A small snort escaped anyway , but Paul 's mouth twitched .
tr	O	凯西的眼睛睁大了，并且接着她瞥向了沃恩。
tr	O	我停了下来，仔细聆听，但是所有我听到的只是寂静。
tr	O	我把开瓶器递给他，并且他开始着手开瓶子。
tr	I	My legs didn 't , but I wanted to walk .
tr	I	I didn 't have to , but everyone turned to see .
tr	I	A high-pitched ringing sound was growing louder in my ears and the ground was spinning .
tr	O	他鄙视任何形式的羞辱，但是在这种情况下他活该。
tr	O	我不知道我们该如何解决这个问题，但是从古至今女性都在没有医生的情况下生育。
tr	O	他从我非常小的时候就和我在一起了，并且我知道他过于忠诚。
tr	I	They are preparing themselves for it and they know the pain is coming .
tr	O	现在没人有空听那些废话，并且说实话，她也没有。
tr	I	He didn 't care , but he was spiraling out of control .
tr	I	Our friendship didn 't survive their relationship , but he would say hi .
tr	I	Then I took her hand , and I closed my eyes for a second .
tr	O	我说这话不是不尊重你的人格，但是这是我注意到的。
tr	O	它的翅膀擦过我的头发，但是我继续前进。
tr	O	她现在怀孕三个月了，但是她的束腰外衣遮住了她隆起的腹部。
tr	O	之前可能有所怀疑，但是突然间豁然开朗。
tr	O	几乎是哭声的声音从我唇间逸出，但是那不是我希望从自己口中听到的声音。
tr	O	他说过他想要这个，但是他依然低头看着她。
tr	I	She smiled , and he grunted .
tr	O	新的乘客上来了，并且疲惫的通勤者离开了。
tr	O	她会给我看一个，并且我会摇摇头。
tr	I	Using a foot long pair of tongs turned the ribs and Gene opened the lid .
tr	O	我知道我们只在一起度过了这最后的，嗯，十二个小时，但是我觉得我们好像已经永远在一起了。
tr	O	那只是其中一个转瞬即逝的念头，但是我的双脚拒绝带我去其他任何地方。
tr	O	我摆好姿势，将重心放在我那条完好的腿上，并且当他们足够靠近时，我把手榴弹扔进了他们中间。
tr	O	他想让格蕾丝有更多时间休息，并且他把她安顿到床上以确保她能做到这一点。
tr	O	我看到接待台后面的人时身体僵住了，但是比安卡已经拿着钥匙向我走回来了。
tr	O	然后她笑了，并且凯尔知道这次公路旅行会比他最初想象的更有趣。
tr	I	I find myself jealous of his long , titanium legs and a roundhouse kick to the face knocks him out cold .
tr	O	我的手指松开了，并且我的手从我握住的东西上落下了。
tr	I	He could tell that she meant it , and take me , she sent .
tr	O	我十一年前离家出走了，但是我无法抛下一切。
tr	I	It did little good , but she struggled to hide them .
tr	O	她不后悔经历过它们，但是她明白这看起来可能有多么热情过度。
tr	I	Cricket was on top of him before he could even touch the pistol grip , but his companion made a dive for the weapon .
tr	I	Maybe it was the microorganisms in my tea , or I feel a little queasy from the homebrew .
tr	O	那吓坏了老人，但是他试图坚持住。
tr	O	他挥动了一下手，并且电脑识别了他的身份。
tr	O	他想在那些人注意到他之前尽可能地靠近，但是他不想吓到他们。
tr	O	她的头抬了起来，并且她一动不动地环顾四周。
tr	I	The mask she wore slipped away , and a far-off look came to her eyes .
tr	I	They were all many days old , but the smells of people were here , of course .
tr	O	我会邀请我Facebook朋友列表上的所有人，并且你也要这样做。
tr	O	他没有独自进行长时间的内部审议，并且我也不再争论了。
tr	I	I 'll be thinking about it all night , or I need to get my mind off it .
tr	I	It so happens that one other person has a motive , and we have to look somewhere else .
tr	O	巨大的阴影投射在墙壁上，并且我看着叉子被弹射到地上，几乎是敬畏地。
tr	I	Their minds automatically turned to the answer , and Ogg had asked the question .
tr	O	我猜想“囚犯”就是对他们的称呼，但是我还没有完全准备好接受我的监禁。
tr	I	We stood up together , turning toward the grave , and I shook my head .
tr	I	The lack of oxygen did , but the knife didn 't scare her .
tr	O	她觉得他们已经谈论简很久了，但是她无法确定。
tr	O	我认出了瑞尔姆的声音，并且我立即触摸我的嘴唇，害怕他有麻烦了。
tr	I	I 'm stepping in and you 're stepping out .
tr	O	她的脸像熔融的玻璃，并且然后有什么巨大的东西从下方涌起，却没有真正冲破表面。
tr	I	He didn 't even apparently realize it , and she smiled , having goaded him into a discourse with his conscience .
tr	O	它可能不会体现在你的记分卡上，但是它应该会。
tr	I	It was hard to imagine , but maybe someday I 'd be that coordinated .
tr	O	现在他看起来很吃惊，但是他服从了。
tr	I	She growled in annoyance and he raised one dark silver brow in question .
tr	O	双手环绕着我椅子的靠背，并且盖里克（Garrick）的身体向我倾斜靠近。
tr	I	My nose burned and I felt groggy .
tr	O	这根本说不通，并且他太累了以至于无法反抗。
tr	O	福斯特（Forster）可能回来了，并且这种他可能被置于其权力之下的认知让他非常害怕。
tr	O	然后他把它们倒在床上，并且我们开始数数。
tr	O	我不认为盖里克（Garrick）真的想听这个，但是他会得到他所要求的一切。
tr	I	She categorically refuses , but I would like to run more tests .
tr	O	我为他非常渴望得到它，但是他永远不会知道。
tr	O	空气闻起来像木屑，并且我的手感觉像砂纸。
tr	O	第一周只有一个小插曲，而且那是在接近周末的时候。
tr	O	他再也无法处理它了，但是他也无法逃离它。
tr	O	我会在周末乘火车去看他，并且我们会在纽约做所有那些年轻情侣会做的事情。
tr	I	That was enough and they were together .
tr	I	My throat clogged with emotion , and tears jumped to my eyes .
tr	O	他宣示主权的方式让我感到幽闭恐惧，并且我把手放在肋骨上，大口喘着气。
tr	I	It 's plenty cozy , but it might be rustic .
tr	I	He felt his fingers curl into fists and Rafe 's jaw clenched .
tr	I	There variegated by shining spots and he was surrounded by blackness once again , only here .
tr	I	I wasn 't fast enough to head off his reply , yet I hurried to finish my meal .
tr	O	宝石的光芒开始变暗，并且没过多久，房间又恢复了黑暗。
tr	I	They might hear , but they can 't see you .
tr	O	我即兴的举动让她吃惊，但是她用力回握。
tr	I	Then , she was simply there , and she saw it in her mind .
tr	I	They were there , but maybe I couldn 't control my powers .
tr	O	我和杰玛住在一起，但是我也不能指望永远住在那里。
tr	I	That was part of what made it fun to go there , but the owners always gave them a strange look when they entered .
tr	I	Anything even remotely hateful , or he doesn 't sneer .
tr	O	卡森医生快下班了，并且他今天仍然没有遇到任何像那样的人。
tr	O	从外观上看，它很新鲜，肉是粉色的而不是绿色的，但是食腐乌鸦已经开始啃食它了。
tr	O	我对她咧嘴一笑，并且我们分享了一个秘密的微笑。
tr	I	They 'll be severe , and reforms will take place .
tr	I	It was beginning to growl and Saliva dripped from its mouth .
tr	O	他的司机在等着，并且喷气机已经准备好了。
tr	O	他从公交车后面跳了下来，并且我张开双臂，接住了他。
tr	I	I will try to address the issue and she will get in touch with me .
tr	O	我们在《水星新闻》上看到了你，并且他们说你在摩押。
tr	I	Within just a few moments everyone inside was outside , and voices were raised in alarm from inside the cave .
tr	O	我看着拉里看詹妮，并且我知道她正在努力了解那个少年。
tr	O	习惯它，或者它会把你逼疯的。
tr	I	That didn 't mean we had to be rude , but I wanted to find Casey .
tr	O	他看上去很不自在，把一个男孩从他父亲身边带走，并且他不止一次地试图让萨姆和他们一起参与到航海活动中。
tr	O	詹妮又读了一点，并且她的手指收紧了书的皮革封面。
tr	I	He let us know as he walked us to the Forester that he 'd be watching us , but the sheriff complied grudgingly .
tr	I	She was desperate , but she knew this was a dangerous deal .
tr	O	你和她长得太像了，但是你父亲也在那里。
tr	I	He had left me one hundred dollars and it was like a ten dollar meal .
tr	O	一声闷叫穿过寂静传入她耳中，但是她正专注于移动她之前瘫痪的四肢。
tr	I	We both knew it , and Erich was a class-A jerk .
tr	I	It hurt my face but I tried to smile .
tr	O	感觉太好了，并且那很糟糕。
tr	O	他把它放到位了，并且那个圆圈开始嗡嗡作响。
tr	O	他已经让29号航班进入了盘旋模式，并且那个裂缝即将再次消失。
tr	I	It let its lips fall over its teeth , and Varg 's stance changed to something more relaxed .
tr	O	一股期待的颤栗沿着我的脊椎向下蔓延，并且我允许自己微笑了一会儿，然后才从桌子旁跳起来。
tr	O	我知道因为我看见你了，但是 我从未告诉任何人关于那件事。
tr	I	Then she fell over laughing , and Julienne 's mouth hung open for a moment .
tr	I	He relaxes before pulling out of me and the tension rolls out of his back .
tr	I	There was a crease between her brows and she had a frown on her face .
tr	I	Now he meant to have an interesting night and he had had a long , restful day .
tr	I	This time her skin tingled as his warm breath washed over her , but suddenly , he grimaced again , pushing his face into her neck .
tr	O	他肱二头肌上的疤痕是白色的，但是 它们有着奇怪的纵横交错图案。
tr	I	He thought it best to remain silent for the moment , but he could see where this line of conversation was going .
tr	O	我想要，需要，对某事大喊大叫，并且 她突然就变得那么容易被吼了。
tr	O	他是那个推她的人，但是 说出那些话比他看着她时坐在那里沉默更容易。
tr	I	They glared back , and she glanced at her hosts again .
tr	I	I couldn 't translate what she was trying to tell me , but a few of the words I recognized from her earlier speech .
tr	I	I can 't say that I blame you and you may never trust me again .
tr	O	詹姆斯告诉他该走哪几个弯，并且 尽管看起来对被一个游客指路感到不悦，他却没有争论。
tr	I	I collapsed to the ground silently and my knees buckled .
tr	O	她在嘴唇上涂了些胭脂，并且 她就都准备好了。
tr	I	She continued and Hunter looked bemused .
tr	I	Let fly , and he keyed in Laura J. Dennys .
tr	O	世界似乎已经慢了下来，并且 秒现在变得像分钟一样漫长。
tr	O	给他几杯酒，并且 那个男人就从未闭嘴。
tr	I	This was huge , but she didn 't particularly like keeping things from her friend to begin with .
tr	O	他仍然有钥匙，并且他自己进去了。
tr	I	He 'd already blown it with her , and he really liked this girl , even though he 'd just met her .
tr	O	他把手臂环绕着我，并且我们静静地坐了一会儿。
tr	O	队伍向前移动了，并且乔也跟着移动了。
tr	O	我努力集中精力在我所做的事情上，但是我满脑子都是伊兹。
tr	O	我一整天都没想过食物，但是我最后吃的东西是早餐。
tr	I	She was convincing in her declarations of innocence but I didn 't like Sophia much .
tr	O	她的思绪拼命地寻找摆脱困境的方法，但是女祭司对这些男性的权力是绝对的。
tr	I	I didn 't look back , but the anger in his voice caused me to jump .
tr	O	到处都是灰尘，并且纸板碎片散落在地板上。
tr	O	杰德很高兴听到他的计划成功了，但是他认真对待了死亡威胁。
tr	O	我拿了一块湿布，并且我擦干净了我的脸。
tr	O	他紧紧地抱着我，并且我胃里有一种不舒服的感觉，他知道这可能是他最后一次抱我了。
tr	I	He started to rise with me , and I sat up on the bed .
tr	O	我的声音升高了，并且随后我注意到他的手上沾满了油污。
tr	I	I tensed , hoping nothing had gone wrong and her tone was odd .
tr	I	There were already lights on down there , but I didn 't see any light switches .
tr	I	Still not a single night had gone by without me dreaming of having her back and it had been more than a year 's time .
tr	O	他不知道他所做的是否我能接受，并且我发现自己如此被他吸引，因为他如此体贴。
tr	I	She wouldn 't be dragged halfway round the world at the whim of her mother , and he had his little girl .
tr	O	那野兽慢慢地压向他们，并且她能辨认出第二双眼睛正从它后面窥视着。
tr	O	这会很困难，但是一群老鼠总能想出办法完成一项任务。
tr	I	The knife was wrenched out of her hand , and suddenly an arm was around Elena 's throat .
tr	O	她一直都知道，但是她从未表达过她的意见。
tr	I	I couldn 't , but if only I could dismiss her as easily as I 'd always been able to dismiss the rest of the world .
tr	I	We all needed to save our energy and he looked like he hadn 't slept all night .
tr	O	神秘的情况对扎克和我来说当然不是什么新鲜事，所以这只是平常的一天。
tr	O	他的手臂很冷，并且他的头发轻轻飘动。
tr	I	I think I would 've given a better reply when he asked me , or I hadn 't realized we were having a serious conversation .
tr	O	她可能在撒谎，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	Cameron knew there was a risk that she told the truth , and Elizabeth had claimed repeatedly that the child wasn 't Cameron 's .
tr	O	接下来他撕开了安娜贝尔上衣的棉布，使其敞开并让她猛吸了一口气。
tr	I	He stood his ground , refusing to budge , but Lux took his brother 's arm .
tr	I	The touch made her shiver , and Staffan reached for her hand .
tr	O	她与众不同，但是我仍然不知何故地认为那是理所当然的。
tr	I	I struggled to my feet and he slid forward on his seat .
tr	O	那是拙劣的幽默尝试，但是他还是笑了笑来配合我。
tr	I	Now I need to start all over again with someone else , and I didn 't get anywhere with Wilson .
tr	O	阴影勾勒出他结实的肌肉，并且当他俯身吻她时，她能感受到他的克制。
tr	O	史蒂夫强迫自己对此感到满足，并且在许多方面这已经足够了。
tr	I	He 's pulling the covers over me and in seconds Trent has me laying on my bed .
tr	I	Within a minute he had freed them from their bonds and he reached inside .
tr	O	大约五点过来，并且我们再谈。
tr	I	After two years , he started to just not care anymore , but he started with hitting me in places that nobody could see .
tr	I	There was no reaction , but the referee waved his hand in front of Valeria 's face .
tr	O	我与波音公司合作得很顺利，并且他们似乎很欣赏我明显的才能。
tr	I	His breath hissed between his tightly clenched fangs , and the Troll 's eyes were fixed on Flute .
tr	O	爷爷会对我期望更多，像我那样又一次临阵脱逃了，而且我不想让他失望。
tr	I	I had to do it , for my sake , for hers as well but I was so sorry .
tr	O	我不能，并且你也不应该指望我。
tr	I	She found herself hanging by an ankle and the safety tether held .
tr	O	我觉得瞬移是最好的，但是我想在座的各位都没有这种能力。
tr	O	我知道这个请求听起来很奇怪，但是如果你对我有一丝爱意，那么请尽力完成它。
tr	O	那么这房子里一定发生了什么事让她跑掉了，并且她一年多来音讯全无。
tr	O	他挡开了攻击，但是他看起来真的筋疲力尽了。
tr	O	她的沉默令人毛骨悚然，但是帕迪拉是个变态混蛋。
tr	O	房间安静下来，并且所有人都转向看着他们的领导。
tr	I	A hard , cold object pressed between her shoulder blades , but Emma tried to wrench away .
tr	O	他和亚瑟握了手，但是他能感觉到冰冷的怒气从其他人那里传来。
tr	O	通往她房间的走廊是空的，并且她终于让自己放松下来。
tr	O	他低声咒骂，并且我独自笑了笑，知道即便没有别的，布莱恩特也会因为她这样做而责骂她。
tr	O	我们分开了，并且我有些不安地走向纹身店。
tr	I	Warm air spilled out , and the door creaked open an inch .
tr	I	It didn 't , but she expected the snow to feel cold .
tr	O	哦，查琳，这太难解释了，但是这一部分你会明白的。
tr	O	当管家第一次进房间时她没看，但是现在她能看到那位年长的女人一直在哭。
tr	I	He stopped moving and Kylie spoke gently to the skunk .
tr	I	After a minute of groping she had it taut in her hands , and it was the ladder .
tr	I	I need to be there , and Avery wants to run some tests .
tr	I	I took another quick glance around and there was a bit of nervous laughter .
tr	I	This is how it has to be , but I wanted to see you , to be with you .
tr	I	I felt him like a blaze all along my back , and he were warmer than sitting next to a hot fire .
tr	I	When I did , I gulped in the air like a starving man , and I pushed my arms upward , hoping to break the surface .
tr	I	I run for the door , and I give her a quick smile , wink at Rusty , who is just looking on with a satisfied grin .
tr	I	For some reason , I couldn 't escape a nagging sense of dread , but everything about her was exquisitely peaceful .
tr	O	离日落还有一个小时，并且人们开始离开了。
tr	I	Her scattered mind was unable to focus on the task at hand , but she was on her second cup of coffee .
tr	O	布朗温曾叫我兄弟，但是那听起来已经不对了。
tr	O	她试图打开那把坏伞，但是它无法卡住保持打开。
tr	O	我抬头一看，令我惊讶的是，受害者是埃德蒙。
tr	O	我不得不强迫我疲惫的心智在疲惫的迷雾中运作，并且最终我做到了。
tr	I	That 's what made them cool , but you knew they weren 't totally legit .
tr	O	他没有出人意料地摔倒，但是我的腿却以两倍的速度反弹回来。
tr	O	她开始说话，但是她的喉咙却哽住了。
tr	O	也许我听起来很正义，但是我在这里是真的痛苦。
tr	O	那个男人是个小丑，并且丹则极度渴望任何一种笑声。
tr	O	他没有说出那些话，但是它们却震撼了他的内心深处。
tr	I	Above us the tin roof sang under the torrents , and a mist swirled around the porch like a fog .
tr	O	凯特琳能感受到他的痛苦和刘易斯的挣扎在互相抗衡，呈指数级增长，加剧了她自己的痛苦。
tr	O	他终于回到电话旁，并且我能感觉到他在电话那头痛苦地皱眉。
tr	O	我的四肢感觉沉重，并且我的头感觉很奇怪。
tr	I	Her carefree smile faded away , and Allison looked across at Lauren .
tr	I	I was born in California , and my parents were American .
tr	I	The wind had picked up and it was almost dark now .
tr	I	Mackie had little of that to spare , and the problem was keeping a steady supply of ammunition .
tr	I	Our response was pleasant , if not friendly , and at first he seemed harmless .
tr	I	I don 't think so , but I suppose that could change when I fully cross over .
tr	I	I was scared and the wind grew faster around me .
tr	O	房间里一片寂静，并且乔恩本能地转身看向主入口。
tr	I	The calm from this afternoon was gone from her face , but she didn 't look like she had been drinking .
tr	O	我的自动回答会是“不”，但是康妮是我唯一可以信任的人。
tr	O	他更是神采奕奕，而且我很喜欢。
tr	O	我会告诉你这个故事，并且你就会明白我有多爱你的母亲。
tr	O	头晕几乎压倒了他，但是他将其击退了。
tr	O	他轻轻地移动了病人，并且亚历克斯呻吟了。
tr	O	我们的挣扎使我们变得更强大，并且尽管我们从一开始就困难重重，我们的新开始只给我们带来了满足。
tr	O	她将牙齿陷入乳头，并且他发出了低吼，将头向后仰去。
tr	I	I 'm left alone and the door closes once again behind him .
tr	O	我记得曾希望塔林不是麦基的女朋友，而且现在我却希望她是。
tr	I	The temperatures usually didn 't get this cold until January , but so far , I hadn 't needed to turn the heater on this year .
tr	I	They take off into the night , and Hattie plucks her away .
tr	I	She dreaded the thought of standing , and Devon was all sorts of dizzy .
tr	O	我们的心思总是在亡灵身上，但是并非所有罪行都是吸血鬼犯下的。
tr	O	佩里·科莫在背景中歌唱，并且烤箱里烤着千层面。
tr	I	It wasn 't that sharp , but it was a very sharp knife .
tr	O	布丽安娜听到了那些话，但是她却无法完全领会其含义。
tr	I	Matt caught Elena 's arm as she headed after them , but Meredith fol owed him down the stairs .
tr	I	The rest of the bodies were not far behind and within an instant the little girl was almost on him .
tr	O	有很多划痕，并且我能看到淤青开始形成。
tr	O	门滑上合上了，并且我只剩下盯着它看。
tr	O	托尼把手放在我肩膀上，并且我吓了一跳，差点把勺子掉了。
tr	O	我转过身，微笑着，并且看到洛根正走回房间。
tr	O	起初他用皮带，但是没过多久他就开始用拳头了。
tr	O	烟囱里冒着烟，并且房子装饰得五颜六色。
tr	O	她试图与司机对视，但是他却直视前方。
tr	I	You were so out of it , but we tried to wake you earlier .
tr	I	What did a woman say to a guy who had just given her the best sex of her life , but Bride wanted to ?
tr	O	一声轻柔的敲门声在房间里响起，并且我回过神来。
tr	O	她点了点头，并且我知道了问题。
tr	I	We clasped arms in solidarity , and he turned at the sound .
tr	I	Wasn 't sure , but I thought it may be French .
tr	I	The dead would follow him out into the open , and there were too many secrets waiting to be exposed .
tr	I	I couldn 't move and I was linked up to a variety of monitors .
tr	O	平心而论，没有饮料在技术上是管家的错，但是每位女士都知道仆人反映着女主人。
tr	O	玛丽安在细长的、骨瘦如柴的手指指向她时紧张起来，并且那生物弯曲着手指，招手示意她。
tr	O	他抓住我的肩膀，并且我们从冰冻的景观中消失了。
tr	O	我并没有真的受伤，但是我非常生气，非常生气。
tr	O	我认为我们必须小心编织一套间接证据模式，但是我们必须负责任地探索线索。
tr	O	她的孩子被找到了，并且她为此感到极大的宽慰。
tr	O	她无助地凝视了一会儿，仿佛她没有好的答案，并且那时我的双腿一软，就倒在了地上。
tr	I	I think she 's right , and she said you 're shaking in your shoes at the idea .
tr	O	一些声音继续对我们说话，但是我没有精力回答。
tr	I	I 'm not sure I understand the depth of it yet , and I don 't know how to explain it .
tr	I	He plies his trade while at full awareness and the feeling is extraordinary .
tr	I	She pulled out of his arms , shaking her head in response to his kiss but her body was shivering in reaction .
tr	O	他的妻子不是很聪明，但是她很漂亮。
tr	I	At the same time he was impressed with Fletcher 's competence , but Norman didn 't like hearing any of this .
tr	I	It assaulted her like a million buzzing flies swarming around her head and my mother took in everything .
tr	O	橘黄色的闪烁灯光出现了，并且她能看到两个剪影般的形状站在门口。
tr	I	He walked home , taking comfort in the shadows , and he picked up his bag of schoolbooks .
tr	I	The referee started to explain the rules , and the boxers did as asked .
tr	O	我想这可能是真的，但是这看起来极不可能。
tr	I	They held it together and the sword pulled free of its scabbard .
tr	O	那只狼还坐着，但是至少它看起来很感兴趣。
tr	O	他在诺米面前打开了一个盒子，并且里面有一个闪亮的金蛋。
tr	O	他伸出手去触碰她，但是她转过身去。
tr	I	My mind could not hold it all , but they were all these beings at once .
tr	O	首先我完全不知道怎么玩，并且然后，当然，我在这里工作。
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	她犹豫着什么也没说，但是话还是脱口而出了。
tr	I	Few would have dared to attack a party of travellers , but the greatest danger came from fierce predators that lived in the mountains .
tr	O	最初，莉亚没有注意到朱莉穿的衣服，但是当她再看一眼时，莉亚喜欢她所看到的。
tr	O	他早些时候从他的大宇车里出来，并且现在盯着那把枪，敲击着钢筋。
tr	I	Just then they both heard the front door open , but she would have said as much to Bessie .
tr	O	他有他的缺点，但是一旦他认真起来，他就势不可挡，如同潮汐一般。
tr	O	索耶的妈妈担忧地看着她，但是她父亲满意地看着我。
tr	O	一个有信仰的人可能会祈祷亚历克快点到这里，但是这对于夏娃来说不是一个选择。
tr	O	我去见了他，并且他假装不知道我是谁。
tr	I	I was taller , but he was a big guy .
tr	I	He 's an innocent idealist , but he 's a good man .
tr	O	加里从未对婴儿特别感兴趣，但是他碰巧与孩子们相处得很好。
tr	O	丈夫本会说更多，但是他的妻子急忙把他拉走了。
tr	O	希望她能开口，并且甚至让我回答。
tr	O	我开始离开，转身，但是她紧抓我的手肘。
tr	I	My mother wriggled in excitement and a film began to roll .
tr	O	他的脸绷紧了，并且他把拳头攥紧放在大腿上。
tr	O	她能感受到他的剑在他的皮肤上磨出的老茧，并且它们让她感到莫名的安慰。
tr	O	他吸得更用力了一些，并且突然她在他的怀里变得柔顺了。
tr	O	凯特，我爱她，并且我从未爱过你。
tr	O	作者们曾多次溯河而上，但是他们俩似乎都瞎了。
tr	I	Good-bye was too much to ask for in one conversation and apparently saying hello .
tr	I	There was a low urgency in his voice , and Sebastian said .
tr	I	I shook it and he offered his hand .
tr	O	头部朝下，并且一切都感觉正常。
tr	O	每当你感到那种仇恨时，想想我，并且我会给你爱。
tr	O	丹妮在收拾东西时尽量不引人注目，但是老师还是注意到了骚动。
tr	O	电影字幕在屏幕上向上滚动，并且我看了它们一分钟，然后才意识到她在哭。
tr	I	Her cheeks were flushed and her lips were swollen .
tr	O	他可能是一名投资者，但是她拥有主要的投资。
tr	I	I let out a scream of agonizing horror , wheeling in nausea and the pain was indescribable .
tr	I	They weren 't being very discreet , and there was definitely someone else there .
tr	I	He bonked daddy right between the eyes with it and the little sucker had momma 's wooden mixing spoon .
tr	O	我很难过，并且当我难过时，我倾向于退缩……就像乌龟把头缩回壳里一样。
tr	O	正如蔡斯所担忧的那样，门吱呀作响，并且守卫铃铛的两名警卫立刻看向蔡斯的方向。
tr	O	在花瓣中做店员绝不是一份梦想工作，但是也许这就是她应该在的地方。
tr	O	他的第一句话吓了她一跳，如同黑暗中伸出的一只手，但是远处卫生间的灯光显示他并没有移动。
tr	O	他背上的一些伤口裂得更开了，但是他似乎并没有注意到。
tr	O	微笑浮上她的唇边，并且她的面部线条柔和下来。
tr	O	船舱里弥漫着薄雾，并且空气中有一种淡淡的油腻感。
tr	I	My little field trip was over , and without another word he strode back to the cage .
tr	I	His father is rich enough to hire the very best plastic surgeons , but it looks better than it had before I broke it .
tr	I	Slade circled his prey for the kill shot , and her muscles tightened .
tr	O	球再次朝他们飞来，投掷得完美无缺，但是这是他们四分卫的一个糟糕决定。
tr	I	A transformation occurred in the alien and Mac said the words out loud .
tr	I	Jamie prayed that wasn 't the case , but of course , it could all be for show .
tr	I	He carried a powerful odor with him and the pig had recently been to the wallow .
tr	O	泪水刺痛了我的眼睛，并且我不得不提醒自己呼吸。
tr	I	He knows at some point he will , but he still hasn 't faced his own agony yet .
tr	O	他对克莱丽笑了笑，并且她惊讶地想，他确实看起来不一样了。
tr	O	她全身都在颤抖，并且她的嘴巴突然变得干涩。
tr	I	Then it was Mason 's turn to bite back a moan , and like a flower opening to the sun she let him in .
tr	O	它看起来是钦佩的目光，但是下面却有一些悲伤。
tr	O	我的医生告诉我我需要再来一次检查，并且我的关节炎药快用完了。
tr	I	She wouldn 't be able to afford another one , and the blood would ruin her shirt .
tr	I	I don 't feel it , but my head hits the plaster hard .
tr	I	His arms tightened and she shifted slightly .
tr	I	Here I was ogling Kane 's cock and barely out of a relationship with Aaron .
tr	O	他本可以借他母亲的车，但是那样会制造另一堆问题。
tr	I	He forced himself to stand , and he shook his head to dispel the numb feeling .
tr	I	She climbed into the luxurious interior and Drew led her to his car .
tr	O	我们互相凝视了一会儿，并且我知道我们都像对方一样感到怀疑。
tr	I	I didn 't know what it was , but Christian was trying to tell me something .
tr	O	只是计划适得其反了，而且凯斯成了被咬的那个人。
tr	O	我的心如此充实，并且我非常想念他。
tr	O	她的思绪飞转，并且她的心跳漏了一拍。
tr	O	我的意思是，我喜欢历史，但是我也喜欢很多科目。
tr	I	The bees swarmed and inside his head the trumpets blared .
tr	I	I 'll use any other I need and those are excuses .
tr	I	Boots had climbed right in with Gregor , but servants had prepared separate beds for them .
tr	O	我不常发火，但是这个女人把我逼得快要失控了。
tr	O	她非常特别、才华横溢、聪明、美丽，而且最重要的是，她是我的宝贝女儿。
tr	O	他的眼里闪过一丝怒火，但是在他还没来得及行动之前，他回过神来，意识到我是在试图转移他的注意力。
tr	I	My breathing felt constricted and my heart was racing .
tr	O	他爱她，并且他绝不会做任何会让她陷入危险的事情。
tr	O	博送我上车，然后我开车去了萨凡娜家。
tr	I	Eavesdropping was fun and I wasn 't in a hurry .
tr	O	她熟练地驾着那辆小车穿过车流，然后他们抵达了蓝郊狼酒吧后面的停车场，时间还很充裕。
tr	I	No one was forced to sit elbow to elbow , but clusters of fans dotted the seats around them .
tr	O	不，我的儿子正在垂死，而且他将在数小时内死去。
tr	O	厚重的红色帷幔让房间的边缘陷入黑暗，并且一排排半圆形排列的座位面向舞台。
tr	I	I wondered if she had made it herself and she had lots of awesome food in there .
tr	I	I scowled at her in displeasure , and my whole body felt on edge .
tr	I	Bethany pulled him down the hallway , and her mother repeated the order again .
tr	O	我必须在亨利找到我之前找到孩子，并且我必须在为时已晚之前找到亨利。
tr	I	There were several red welts on my neck but no bump was visible .
tr	I	He still couldn 't believe it and those legs were all his .
tr	O	我能听到远处的音乐，但是人声的嘈杂将其淹没了。
tr	O	安德鲁的脸很苍白，并且他的手颤抖着，乞求地伸出来。
tr	I	He took a big sip off the pail and Julio finally got a hold of the pail .
tr	I	The wind told him different , but below him the region looked stable .
tr	I	There was no chance of getting lost and at least there was only one pathway to follow .
tr	O	这不是从瑞安开始的，但是我告诉他就是这样。
tr	I	She didn 't call me , and I wasn 't meeting Colette this time , because I didn 't call her .
tr	I	Tania stopped at the right distance to avoid getting hit , but her opponent tried to stop Tania with a left jab .
tr	O	她的精神会崩溃，但是那不算什么。
tr	I	He should consider carefully his punishment of the thief and he thought that the man might be in need .
tr	O	门开了，并且那个奇怪的小男人鞠了一个不自然的躬。
tr	I	His fingers instantly curled over her hip and she shifted .
tr	I	I quickly clear the rest of the dishes before limping upstairs to my room , and Pierce breaks off abruptly as I enter the room .
tr	O	他现在离她近在咫尺，并且她能感觉到他身体的每一寸。
tr	O	瑞科在他们沿着走廊跟着肖恩的时候再次牵起特蕾莎的手，并且她有一种感觉，他甚至没有注意到自己在这样做。
tr	O	他瞥向办公室门，但是他的目光在中途被截住了。
tr	I	Worry was etched in the violet depths of her eyes , and her blue hair was falling around her shoulders .
tr	O	他们并肩工作时，即使是最卑微的任务，时间过得多么飞快，并且他们彼此取悦。
tr	O	他把它划过我的头，并且我发出了一声痛苦的喊叫。
tr	I	Old brown painted Victorian doors leading to offices which all looked much the same , and they were dingy corridors with Magnolia emulsion on the grubby walls .
tr	O	那是去上大学的前一夜，并且我把戒指给了她，她现在正戴在脖子上。
tr	I	He just held her tighter , but she struggled .
tr	O	富兰克林用撑杆把我们推到码头边，并且我们开始卸货。
tr	O	他只要看她一眼，并且她就发现自己想要他。
tr	O	我挣扎着醒来，但是我忘记了为什么这很重要。
tr	O	杰登看起来很困惑，但是其他人没有退缩。
tr	I	They used it to enter the house , and we shouted about the open back door .
tr	O	他面前摆着多种食物选择，并且他选择了带蔬菜的牧羊人派。
tr	O	她和约拿说话的时间不超过几秒钟，但是至少不应该因为尝试而遭到强烈反对。
tr	I	I couldn 't get a fix on what , but I had a feeling something was wrong .
tr	O	已经六个多月了，但是他看起来还和以前一样。
tr	O	他们穿过一个洒满阳光的庭院，并且她抬头看着蓝天，阳光温暖着她的皮肤。
tr	I	He couldn 't bring any alternatives to the table , but he suspected that this strategy won 't bring them any good .
tr	I	He was more than happy to hide it in his bed , and her greatest treasure , in his mind , was her body .
tr	O	那是德文最后一次见到罗伯特，并且他相当确定那也是朱利安最后一次。
tr	O	他伸出手，并且她把手放在他手中。
tr	O	她无法阻止这场灾难，并且她的身体背叛了她，陷入了与他的激情探戈。
tr	I	He wouldn 't take something like that , but they found something suspicious in Tony 's shed .
tr	O	我指向沙发，并且他点头。
tr	O	他的脑海中似乎有两条线路连接起来了，并且他皱起了眉头。
tr	O	又一次闪身以避开电线杆，并且我挣扎着站了起来。
tr	I	They all began to move forward , and finally Munro signaled .
tr	O	她的笑容颤抖了，但是格蕾丝从她母亲的眼中可以看出她又清醒了。
tr	I	She doesn 't , but she looks around like she wants to ask me something .
tr	I	I don 't think that 's going to happen , but I 'm used to having his arms around me .
tr	O	当他们到达通往岩石山顶的石阶时，他听到她呼出了一口气，听起来像是松了口气，并且他暗自笑了。
tr	O	她是个疯狂的拉丁裔女人，而且他那样甩掉她真是冷酷无情。
tr	O	我已经见过你的伤疤了，而且它们在你身上看起来很美。
tr	O	艾萨克从他过去的阴影中招手，并且詹姆斯强行睁开了眼睛。
tr	O	她的身体一阵颤抖，并且温暖的泪水浸透了他长袍的衣料。
tr	I	Nothing they tried worked , but they suspected drugs .
tr	I	Stephan gently pulled her back beside him , but Nicole took a defensive stance between them .
tr	O	帽子遮住了我的不开心，并且我对此心存感激。
tr	O	瑟蕾娜再次翻译，并且公主点了点头。
tr	I	A general uneasy silence began , and they , too , stepped back , from the hatchling .
tr	O	我的手不小心碰到他的生殖器时，他倒吸了一口气，并且他抓住了它。
tr	I	Stories are different on the road , but I wouldn 't expect a warm welcome in town anytime soon .
tr	I	I was hoping they 'd just stop talking about it , and we were at a dead end .
tr	I	That would be that and I 'd just hand him over .
tr	O	他慢慢地放松下来，并且我直到那时才意识到他一直很紧张。
tr	I	Maybe I 'm just being my old self or maybe it 's the alcohol in my system that 's making me think these things .
tr	O	我将失联一段时间，但是我不能不先告别就离开。
tr	I	I stood fast , but Eric 's hand closed around my upper arm .
tr	I	Dad had called before he had to head to work , and it was Saturday , early there .
tr	I	He reaches out to hold it and Adel notices Nora 's hand near him .
tr	I	Her entire body was reacting to it , an exquisite squirming that actually curled her toes , and his voice had dropped to a seductive purr .
tr	O	门被锁上了，并且窗户被钉死了。
tr	I	This weird look crosses her face and she snatches the batteries from me with inquisitiveness in her expression .
tr	I	I jumped out of the way as she marched past me to the front door and suddenly her door flung open .
tr	I	I need to , but I don 't want to talk about it .
tr	I	They both shook their heads , and Selene met Kara 's eyes .
tr	O	他的手插在口袋里，并且他正靠在黑板上。
tr	O	他讨厌让塔努在树林里游荡的想法，但是沃伦在他变成白化病人之后又回到了房子里。
tr	O	审判像一场马戏，并且我很高兴能如此接近中心场地。
tr	I	I couldn 't read his expression and his face was obscured from the lack of light .
tr	O	电梯停下时颤抖了一下，并且我紧贴墙壁以稳住身体，门随即打开。
tr	O	她将杯子凑到他的唇边，并且他祈祷这次不是威士忌。
tr	I	Helplessly she went into his arms , and he asked her to dance again .
tr	I	We move as fast as we can out of the Lecture Hall and I put my arm around her for support .
tr	O	我们之前在一起的时光令人大开眼界，但是这次却更甚，更亲密。
tr	O	幸运帮她抬起了装有贝利尸体的板条箱，并且他们一起绕到房子侧面。
tr	O	杰夫躺在她身边，并且她转身面向他。
tr	O	我想说些什么，但是我不知道该说什么。
tr	I	Daddy began to speak again and finally the crowd quieted down .
tr	O	他皱眉看着屏幕，但是他很快回答了。
tr	O	你的爸爸是个好人，并且他为这个城镇做了很多。
tr	I	I meant it , and I said yes .
tr	O	皮特挥了挥手，并且他们坐了回去。
tr	I	Gabriella 's a good girl , but there 's never been much money around , if that 's what you mean .
tr	O	他们回到了餐厅，并且莱斯利给了斯特拉一个热情的拥抱。
tr	O	这不公平，但是那就是她想要的方式。
tr	I	I can 't take it , but I hate to do it .
tr	I	They were on their way , and in no time the engine was purring beneath them .
tr	O	我的第四支长矛击中了他的心脏，但是他仍然冲了过来。
tr	I	It wouldn 't be long before she started crawling , and already Noelle was sitting up on her own .
tr	O	我能看到远处有一艘船，但是我没有太注意它们，直到它们明显是直奔我们而来。
tr	I	Fill this night with songs of bliss , And seal your vows with true love 's kiss .
tr	O	莱利把手放在我的肩膀上，并且我艰难地咽了咽口水。
tr	O	然后他看着弗鲁特，并且他的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	She 'd been afraid to push outside her social barriers , and her work always drowned out most of her social activities .
tr	O	我该死，但是其他人不该。
tr	O	战斗持续着，双方都没有放松警惕，直到卢卡斯感到腿部一阵剧痛，并且他停下来活动肌肉。
tr	O	我再次挣扎对抗利瓦伊，并且他终于松了手，所以我能坐起来。
tr	O	我已经看到了它对我的电压造成的影响，但是我没有想到它会影响我的其他能力。
tr	O	我们聊过天，并且那竟然很愉快。
tr	O	詹妮是个孩子，而且他把她当成一个普通的妓女对待。
tr	I	I 'm saying it 's not serious , but it does .
tr	O	她的绿眼睛是明亮的绿色，并且它们看起来充满生机。
tr	O	他坐在马克对面的桌旁，并且那两个男人正在进行热烈的交谈。
tr	O	热量扩散到她的小腹，并且湿润积聚在她的大腿之间。
tr	I	He ended up landing on his ass and the damn rope broke .
tr	O	她的双腿被丝袜包裹着，并且她的脚踝在舒适的浅口鞋中很稳。
tr	O	他头脑聪明，并且他小时候是那么棒。
tr	I	It wasn 't true anymore , but which , early on , I had to admit was true .
tr	I	I leap on her excuse like a life raft in the storm , but I don 't know why Annette is supporting my lies .
tr	I	Its rank fluids stopped up my nostrils and the chill water was full of rot .
tr	I	His tongue immediately entered , stroking mine frantically , and my mouth opened , admitting him entry inside .
tr	I	He was wrong and Because Logan was right .
tr	O	刀片猛撞，并且房间震动。
tr	O	他不属于我的世界，并且我也永远不会成为他世界的一部分。
tr	O	这位年长女士的建议似乎很真诚，然而哈丽特不得不寻求帮助却刺伤了她的自尊。
tr	O	她的妈妈花了几周时间计划婚礼的每一个细节，而且我的意思是每一个细节。
tr	I	She fumbled for her keys in her purse and they climbed the stairs .
tr	O	她为我做这件事很酷，但是我还是受够了。
tr	O	我瞥了一眼罗温，并且她几乎是泪眼汪汪的。
tr	I	Again she missed , and she swung again .
tr	O	莉亚没有注意到，但是媒体正坐在前排座位上，那些座位靠近拳击台。
tr	O	她已经非常努力了，然而她仍然是个失败者。
tr	I	They weren 't cousins , and they weren 't friends .
tr	I	He stood right outside the cubicle , and the restroom was small .
tr	I	Sharper eyed than Jessica had ever seen her in school but the two were coming down the hall , Melissa in head phones .
tr	I	Quinton is consuming my thoughts , but I should be , too .
tr	I	The tears kept coming , but she kept waiting to dry up .
tr	I	I needed something new , some voice deep within me advised , but I had a closet full of good clothes already .
tr	I	There was none she absolutely fell in love with , but some of them were ok .
tr	O	她去移动被子，并且她的手臂碰到了一个坚硬的东西。
tr	O	我从烤箱里拿出他的盘子，并且莱利追踪着我的动作，当我把盘子递给萨姆时，他皱起了眉头。
tr	I	I pull her back out into the hall and my fingers snag her sleeve .
tr	O	眼泪顺着他的脸颊流下，并且他不再做任何擦去它们的努力。
tr	O	我当时三岁，并且我以为她是按字面意思说的。
tr	I	The ice on the ground melted and the cold of the winter snows was blocked away .
tr	I	She frowned slightly and I smiled warmly at her .
tr	O	她的手伸出来，并且她在我的肩膀上稳住自己。
tr	O	烈性酒下肚时火辣辣的，但是当它到达胃部时，它冷却成一种香甜迷醉的暖意。
tr	O	她闭上了眼睛，并且那一刻，我担心最坏的情况发生。
tr	I	My jaw drops to the floor and she turns me to the mirror .
tr	I	He carried on shouting regardless , but his cries called forth the anger of many a woken villager .
tr	I	I just couldn 't take another minute of it and we had never been mad at each other before .
tr	I	I lost him , and I gave him an ultimatum .
tr	O	詹姆斯也一言不发地走了过去，他耸着肩，低着头。
tr	O	石墙闪闪发光，仿佛带着凉爽的湿气，但是当她用手抚摸其表面时，凯莉发现那只是一种光亮的密封剂。
tr	I	He was nowhere to be found but I ran the length of the corridor .
tr	I	He gave me a derisive look that made me shut up , but I attempted a joke to diffuse the tension in the air .
tr	O	她的记忆就是她自己，并且她是一个盛放一切所发生之事的篮子。
tr	I	I 'm not very good at casting , but I dabble a bit in magic spells .
tr	I	I saw Risa do it , but I 've never hit it .
tr	O	他的黑眼睛闪现出神采，并且他审视着她的脸，他的眼神让她感到寒冷。
tr	I	He stands and his hands leave my bottom .
tr	O	他将目光投向我，但是我继续审视着星星。
tr	O	这样想是可鄙的，但是或许那个伯杰说的是实话。
tr	O	凯拉当时还很年轻，并且我感到对她有责任。
tr	O	一只大手拍在他的肩胛骨之间，并且他咳出了似乎是好几加仑的水。
tr	I	Her braided hair was pale blond , and she wasn 't very tall .
tr	I	My gut was inexplicably arguing against that possibility , but Reason told me to assume that Jason was in league with Dan .
tr	I	They screamed a lot and they didn 't tire .
tr	O	狼人向我的头挥砍过来，但是我及时地躲开了。
tr	O	她的嘴巴变得干涩，并且她脑海中闪过那些饱满的嘴唇贴上她嘴唇的记忆。
tr	I	A quick look dashed that hope , but Bax thought .
tr	O	他轻轻地呼出一口气，并且我感觉到他摇了摇头。
tr	I	I took a breath in , savoring the power and the tingling spread from the skin on my face outward throughout my whole body .
tr	I	How could she really tell , but he didn 't look as if he was ?
tr	O	他们现在在桥上，并且克莱瑞若有所思地喝着咖啡，望着河面。
tr	O	计划被制定好了，并且两天后，两支各由二十名武装人员组成的战斗小组从南门地铁站出现了。
tr	O	那些女孩们一直很支持我，但是她们不是你。
tr	O	我的手机又响了，并且我闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	我仍然想知道它究竟是如何发生的，但是这似乎是一项徒劳的努力。
tr	O	取而代之的是，现在那里有我们谷仓里的新鲜干草，但是整个地方仍然弥漫着烟味。
tr	I	Let 's look at it another way , but I understand where you 're coming from .
tr	I	I hated to be the one to torture him , and he was tortured .
tr	I	I drew the lucky straw , and you needed somebody to kick ?
tr	I	She gave me a wry smirk , and Alice said .
tr	I	I could tell him that there is a small area of pitting , and you already know that it has suffered some distortion .
tr	I	I knew he needed me there , but privately I wasn 't so sure .
tr	O	裘德对这个想法并不热衷，但是他很清楚不该在这个问题上逼我。
tr	I	All of the photographs got very fuzzy except for one , and my vision blurred .
tr	I	There 's the faintest scent of rain in the air and the evening sky is cloudy .
tr	I	I took it out on her , and I was angry about something else .
tr	I	He was hers , and he was magnificent .
tr	I	I cannot bear the thought of her life being ended so soon , and I do not know if you will ever meet another of my kind .
tr	O	我几乎是在尖叫，而且今天第二次，泪水顺着我的脸颊流下。
tr	I	I knocked it out , but I tried to get my sword out of the scabbard .
tr	O	还有上百个细节需要处理，并且它们在年轻指挥官的脑海中形成了一张精确而清晰的清单。
tr	I	A flicker of a smile touched his lips and I told him .
tr	I	His wife could be exaggerating , making unwarranted assumptions but that was one possibility .
tr	O	我几乎不认识他，而且现在他会认为我是个情绪失控的怪胎。
tr	I	He returned his eyes to me and I placed my hand over his on my cheek .
tr	I	He was fairly sure that they weren 't even aware of the fact that he was cheating , and he didn 't mention it to the others .
tr	I	I didn 't mind walking , and it was a gorgeous day .
tr	O	我们吵架了，并且我离开了。
tr	O	我望向前排两位医生坐着的地方，并且我咬住嘴唇，随着笑容开始改变我的容貌。
tr	I	We rode the elevator up to the Assisted Living floor and he ushered me in .
tr	O	布里滔滔不绝地讲着她不知在哪儿看过的一篇护肤文章，但是我却没怎么留意。
tr	I	It will never happen again , and it was a onetime thing .
tr	O	你将不再保留一些肌肉力量，并且你会全力以赴直到完全力竭。
tr	O	上次大流士发起进攻时，伊森可能感到惊讶，但是这次他已为猛攻做好了准备。
tr	I	Some went out completely and candles on the tables flickered .
tr	O	他的腿抽筋了，并且他的头剧烈疼痛。
tr	O	查尔斯强忍着笑容，但是他的淡褐色眼睛里依然闪烁着一丝戏谑。
tr	O	大多时候菲利斯在聊天，并且劳伦在倾听。
tr	I	Once you did , you couldn 't look away , but it was hard to see in the dim light .
tr	I	He 'd been expecting someone much older , but Drake already knew all this .
tr	I	I can still see it on her face , but she 's not laughing anymore .
tr	O	克里斯蒂娜的胃猛地一沉，然后翻滚起来，并且一瞬间她的勇气彻底消失了，使她颤抖着停了下来。
tr	I	He was completely stoic , and I looked up at him .
tr	I	It 's cautious , but she smiles at me .
tr	O	建筑风格是对经典世纪中叶现代主义的致敬，并且家具也别无二致。
tr	O	我伸出我那握着纸条的手给她，但是她的目光仍然停留在书上。
tr	I	She 'd been annoying him senseless that entire time and he 'd known her for over two hundred years .
tr	I	Now she wanted him to escort her out and they 'd parted on less than amicable terms ?
tr	I	I 'll work for you and you 'll get your diamond .
tr	O	地板在我们脚下颤抖，并且一股冰冷的寒意传遍我的脊椎。
tr	I	She knew the answer before she asked the question , and a disturbing thought struck her .
tr	O	我看到了，但是我不想看到。
tr	O	我真想冲他吼，让他控制自己，他的焦虑行为只会让我们看起来有罪，但是我一个字也说不出来。
tr	I	That wasn 't unusual , but it was still dark outside .
tr	I	At first I don 't understand and Kayden I 'm shocked by what Callie tells me .
tr	I	Her gorgeous face was free of makeup and her hair was pulled back from her face in a ponytail at the crown of her head .
tr	O	莱拉对自己的生活不满意，并且一个人在死前应该感到满意。
tr	I	Josephine looked over her shoulder for a moment before pausing , and the sound of hooves echoed rhythmically behind them .
tr	O	我感到沮丧，并且我的膝盖很痛。
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't , but I wanted to pull him back .
tr	I	His other hand smoothly cups my hip , and our fingers lace together .
tr	I	She shattered his discipline every time , but he thought himself so controlled .
tr	O	丹妮试图绕过他，但是他跟着她移动，不让她过去。
tr	I	I knew what he was asking , but I didn 't even speak Italian .
tr	I	I bounced into Stefan 's arm , and Ricki slowed the boat to a stop .
tr	I	His future seemed bright when tragedy struck and he was set to marry a princess .
tr	I	The rest of the hour passes quickly , and he settles back into helping me .
tr	O	威廉的拳头扎进了本的肋下，并且那个大块头男人哼了一声。
tr	I	His eyes were wide , but Blake didn 't let go of my hand .
tr	O	警察局开始检查它，并且他们尝试了所有他们能做到的来增强影片。
tr	O	他把我的手放在他的手中，并且他把它带到他的唇边。
tr	O	他畏缩了一下，并且我立刻后悔说了那句话。
tr	O	他把她从你身边偷走了，并且她只想着他的触摸。
tr	O	我没有，但是我开始寻找了。
tr	O	那种熟悉的浓稠、黏糊糊的恶心感充满了她，并且突然她想用力摇晃什么东西。
tr	I	In a heartbeat it was gone , replaced with firm discipline , but for a moment Sarah thought she saw longing in his eyes .
tr	I	I promised myself that payback would come , but I wasn 't sure how .
tr	I	Suddenly his fangs struck , stinging just her lower lip and she was ready for more , when she felt a shift in his vibration .
tr	O	比赛现场的其他三位朋友可以证实身份，但是他们必须首先把家人从德国接过来。
tr	I	What dire fate shall it deliver -- And a curse is laid upon the river From days that are not counted now ?
tr	O	他们的处境本应让他们分开，但是它没有。
tr	I	I 'd bet money his Dad was the cause and something was definitely going on with Marcus 's family .
tr	I	Her head was lolling to the side and her face was completely red .
tr	O	脸上带着一个疯狂的笑容，并且一只可怕的手毫不在意地向他挥舞着。
tr	I	It was even sweeter this time , and the slimy texture was there again .
tr	I	No one would mention the man 's background to her , but Zarah suspected that they all knew why he was like that .
tr	O	门房很好地描述了史密斯先生，但是他对史密斯夫人的描述是中性的，除了她的蓝眼睛。
tr	I	He hardly looked at it and I made his favourite pudding .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop my lips from curving up , but it would only make things worse .
tr	O	肉的味道和闻起来一样好，并且其他食物一如既往地美味。
tr	O	阿姨很快会叫他们进来吃早餐，并且孩子们的吵闹声会吵醒屋子里的其他人。
tr	I	She continues and I nod .
tr	O	解脱感在她体内爆发，并且她重复着他的名字，弓起背直到脚趾卷曲。
tr	O	我没想到能超越比利·乔尔，但是德克斯正在这样做，当时他正驾车沿着海岸公路飞驰向蒂拉穆克。
tr	O	我有时会听到逝去岁月的幽灵，并且在那些时候我看到了你。
tr	I	Nothing had ever hurt like this , but his job required him to get beat up every night , sometimes taking steel chairs to his head .
tr	I	Each time you 're finished speaking you must say over , but talk as you would normally .
tr	O	天色依然很暗，并且那个沉睡的小镇宁静地依偎在湖边酣睡着。
tr	I	She found herself holding her breath as she peered up at him and her own eyes widened .
tr	I	He pushed on , but that truth rankled .
tr	I	A swift walk would not , and a run would garner attention .
tr	O	那里禁止通行，但是他们却径直朝那里走去。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how often he washed it and this was the same coat he wore every day .
tr	I	I told them everything else , but I left the part about the girl talking to me in case they didn 't believe it .
tr	I	Only after that task was complete did they begin to move more of their stores ashore , and the first order of business was to provide shelter .
tr	O	他拉着我的手，并且我站在他身边。
tr	I	The bar was nowhere in sight , but the packed dance floor was next to the row of sellers .
tr	I	Now they are looking at me again and the backers have refused candidates based on their failure to reflect the proper moral fiber .
tr	O	打两份工以维持生计很辛苦，但是妈妈毫无怨言地做着。
tr	O	她在最后一句话时声音变得极其轻浮，并且我知道她在谈论他的身材。
tr	O	与那个男人的遭遇让她感到脆弱，并且她被恐惧笼罩着，想要逃跑。
tr	I	There was an exit sign pointing to the left , but the aisle ended in a brick wall , with windows way up high .
tr	I	Link does , too , and I follow her .
tr	O	我就安静地坐在这里，并且你们两个可以完全无视我。
tr	O	阿德里安加速了被改变的飞行，并且那时情况变得一团糟。
tr	O	我以前从未去过拍卖会，但是只是让你知道，我要去了。
tr	I	It 's not because part of me has shut down , yet it 's terrifying .
tr	I	The woman was back in and the door suddenly burst open .
tr	I	One that makes me want to explode , but a scent no one else would notice .
tr	O	她很快，但是亚历克更快。
tr	O	我知道我的脸色变了，并且我僵在了原地。
tr	O	她张开了嘴想说话，并且没有声音发出。
tr	O	我现在可能只有有限的几个，但是我会让每一个都发挥作用。
tr	I	The rope remained limp , but her Breath left her .
tr	I	Still trying to absorb what had happened , and I was exhausted from the night before .
tr	I	Thin lines of dried blood caked his skin as though he 'd scratched himself in his fury , and strands of hair matted to his face .
tr	I	She didn 't cheer me on , either , but when I mentioned my plan , she didn 't discourage me .
tr	O	我拥有自己的力量，但是以人类形态，我跟其他人一样无助。
tr	O	对伊恩，迈拉想过很多东西，但是她带给他的却是她见过托德喜欢的东西。
tr	I	Although they were strong , his voice wavered , and I felt Adrian 's arms go around me .
tr	I	Now his poor children have to bury their father and he was selfish .
tr	O	我们在埃里克办公室外面，并且我们都能听到他在里面咆哮。
tr	I	I 'd officially forgotten my jacket , and we stepped outside into a nice morning mist .
tr	O	我们抓住了他们中的一些人，但是其余的都逃跑了。
tr	O	我可能已经被打得稀巴烂了，但是我不喜欢科尔特在暗示什么。
tr	O	他知道自己想要什么，并且他从不害怕去争取，无论后果如何。
tr	I	You 'd be wrong , but you could tell yourself that the mirrors were simply telling lies .
tr	O	显然他们已经成功地破门而入，而且现在他们沉重的脚步声在楼梯上回响。
tr	O	血滴在短短几秒内汇成一条湍急的血流，但是他没有表现出任何不适的迹象。
tr	I	Neil was fascinated by the many children he saw , but outside were a group of people .
tr	O	我畏缩了一下，因为它让我猝不及防，并且我没想到她会那样做。
tr	O	我不能给这战吼的独创性加分，但是就凭那股纯粹的热情，它赢得了我的心。
tr	I	They were all too far away from her to catch but she saw many fish !
tr	O	我知道你想把一切都抛在脑后，但是我想他们会站在我们这一边。
tr	O	这可能只是贾克斯扭曲的想象，但是手套几乎像是性感的触碰。
tr	O	妈妈耸了耸肩，并且爸爸做了个鬼脸。
tr	I	She wasn 't about to start now and Danni had never lied to him before .
tr	I	Here I am , but this wasn 't my career goal .
tr	O	问题向他袭来，但是他却没在听。
tr	O	那个人就是你，而且利亚姆很幸运有你。
tr	O	这简单得令人震惊，但是它确实需要准备。
tr	O	我试着翻身，远离他，但是即使尝试也让我感到疼痛。
tr	I	Dan ' r grinned even more , and the balding man 's hands stopped .
tr	O	我以前相信她告诉我们的话，但是我现在不相信了。
tr	I	She suddenly lost her bearings , and Mist swirled around her head .
tr	O	她听到了楼梯上的脚步声，并且她的心开始以失控的节奏跳动。
tr	O	扭曲的嫉妒搅动着凯瑟琳的胃，并且她不喜欢这种感觉。
tr	O	她试图阻止自己的思绪继续，但是该死的，照片根本无法展现他的魅力。
tr	I	It wasn 't really Roy , just his voice on an answering machine , but Roy had answered , all right .
tr	O	警卫盯着她的身份证件看了异常久，但是他还是把它还给了她，没有表示任何不满。
tr	O	她曾是那个日复一日宅在家里，任由生活从身边流逝的女孩，并且她不想让她的朋友也经历那种失望。
tr	O	他们选择很多样，而且他们的海带沙拉很好吃。
tr	O	它们轻便得多，据说是因为天气转暖，但是你永远无法确定。
tr	I	He had no knowledge of her destination , and all Farley knew was The Owner would be sailing soon .
tr	I	They choose to stay with him , yet he has given them a fortune .
tr	I	I knew there was nothing to hurry about , and I knew the voice .
tr	O	他不再流血了，但是她的夹克上仍有他的血迹。
tr	I	It was hiding your face , and you had so much dark hair .
tr	O	这是个有趣的地方，我心想，当康斯坦斯和我进去的时候。
tr	I	Instead I let my nose graze hers as I stared into her eyes , but I wanted to kiss her so badly .
tr	I	His hand tightened around my wrist and I knew I was not hiding anything when his went soft .
tr	I	Mikhail flicked one look at him and Gregori motioned to Mikhail to leave .
tr	O	有时候她会那样做，并且那没关系。
tr	I	I wasn 't going to put any pressure on him , and he didn 't feel up to talking about it much .
tr	O	这不是我想要的，但是它也发生在我身上了。
tr	O	几分钟过去了，并且他的身体终于平静下来，尽管我继续抱着他。
tr	O	我是如此想要你，并且那，嗯，令人难以置信。
tr	O	伊桑能闻到水味，但是他看不见它。
tr	I	She doesn 't need to know and she 's on a need-to-know basis .
tr	O	为了治愈她，我必须向她暴露自己，并且那是违法的。
tr	O	看起来他并不打算对瓦莱丽使用它，但是杰森知道他无论如何都需要迅速行动。
tr	O	排除她的祖父应该是她的下一个选择，但是她不确定如何询问他。
tr	I	I was an idiot for throwing all of that away without even trying , and he loved me in a way Hermes never would .
tr	I	Her eyes brightened and her face relaxed .
tr	I	She moved nimbly about , yet she appeared to have no eyes .
tr	I	To have a true partnership but I didn 't just want to fall in love .
tr	O	我把脸贴在他的手上，并且他的世界在我体内爆炸开来。
tr	O	天花板打开了，并且灵魂离开了。
tr	O	今晚她已经经历得太多了，而且他在这里又给她增添了一份恐惧。
tr	O	她朝他迈了一步，并且下一分钟，他就已经投入她的怀抱。
tr	I	She was offering herself as a salve for my own redemption , and it was as if she was a beautiful goddess .
tr	I	I was spared having to put up with him , and the pair seemed to do a lot of transactions .
tr	I	He respects the Ravens too much to drag us down , and our affection for him doesn 't forgive his new inadequacies on the court .
tr	O	死可能需要一段时间，但是你已经打开了排水口。
tr	I	I was brushing it aside , and this was a big thing .
tr	I	In repose , Dina is quite pretty , but her gruff manner disguises the fact somewhat .
tr	O	她开始喃喃自语一些我听不懂的话，并且我感到一种奇怪的模糊感渗透我的身体。
tr	O	现在就让你的飞机摆脱他，并且我们会尽力把他留在这里，阻止地狱中的人将他夺回。
tr	I	This kitchen is far from being old but this house might be a period property .
tr	O	迈克尔保持着礼貌的沉默，但是在他内心深处，他怀疑这些情感。
tr	I	I wonder if the doctor can hear it and there 's a slight slur to her speech .
tr	I	The candles flickered out and the wind died down .
tr	O	她张开嘴想说话，但是他听不到她的声音，因为那空洞的声音逐渐达到高潮。
tr	I	He moved in an instant , lunging to the right even as the bullet blasted out of the man 's gun , and Cale knew it .
tr	O	几乎任何人在自己的海滩上发现一个不省人事的男人都会立即报警，但是她没有。
tr	O	你总是知道你在瑞秋心中的位置，并且安娜很欣赏那个特点。
tr	I	Sunlight beckoned , and ahead , the tree line broke apart .
tr	O	他想帮助他的妹妹打败他们以前的族长，但是他帮不上她的任何忙。
tr	I	Little slices of light were coming in through the cracks in the slats of the shutters , but they had all the shutters closed on the windows .
tr	I	The residents of the small West Tennessee town left him alone and he didn 't cause any trouble .
tr	O	我差点和他争吵起来，但是没有时间了。
tr	O	她的门上传来敲门声，并且塞德里克把头伸进了房间。
tr	O	她没有忽视将地图带出联络处办公室的危险，但是她小心翼翼地不让它被人看到。
tr	I	I do know Caroline , but it sounds uncharitable .
tr	I	His grimace deepened , and he turned his focus on Lucas .
tr	O	德鲁试图躲在箱子后面，并且他能听到弗雷德里克斯痛苦的呻吟。
tr	O	他们的马匹装满了赃物，但是他们继续寻找其他马车。
tr	O	那个官员明显地颤抖着，并且他的眼睛是狂野的。
tr	O	我问了，但是我真的不想知道。
tr	I	Down her street all the time and Andrew drove his Mini up .
tr	O	没有举行过仪式，并且她没有认识过丈夫。
tr	I	From the way her eyes drop from Jeff 's , I know that she is not telling the truth , but she shakes her head .
tr	O	他把手机还给了戴夫，并且我把它还给了乔治娅。
tr	O	我不确定那还是不是布莱恩了，并且我不应该想为威尔打扮得漂亮。
tr	O	购物区太拥挤了，并且潜艇兵总是会参观广场。
tr	I	It wasn 't particularly cold either , and Josie 's voice wasn 't warm .
tr	O	我想冲出窗户，但是那里正是光想让我去的地方。
tr	O	敌人措手不及，从未恢复过来，并且他们本该在几天前就认输了。
tr	I	They only made me feel worse , more alone , and I felt Olivia 's eyes on me .
tr	O	他喉咙里发出低沉的声音，而且我几乎能听到他在思考。
tr	I	It was now Sunday night , and she hadn 't seen her babies since Friday morning .
tr	O	那枚别针看起来很无害，但是他并不信任它。
tr	O	我在公爵眼前加强了幻象，而且随着他挣扎着想挣脱，他的尖叫声变得更响了。
tr	I	I turn toward it , shielding my eyes from the blazing sun , and the whirring blades of a helicopter echo in the distance .
tr	O	格鲁伯将特伦顿的受害者从侧门拖了出去，而且科迪站在特伦顿旁边，气喘吁吁。
tr	O	我试图走向楼梯，但是另一个人上前挡住了我的路。
tr	O	他带着一把格洛克手枪，而且他喜欢使用它。
tr	O	他带着一丝口音，但是这奇怪地只让他的声音更悦耳了。
tr	I	That 's a story for tomorrow , but I was wrong , of course .
tr	I	Valerie 's words struck a chord deep within him , but Mason chuckled .
tr	I	Suddenly he had all of my attention and butterflies filled my stomach .
tr	O	我被告知那天晚上总统在开会，但是 我发现会议已经被取消了。
tr	O	闪电一闪，并且 她颤抖了一下。
tr	O	代币滑了下去，并且 电话那头的人听到了她。
tr	I	He pulled out , leaving her panting , but she strained to take his fingers deeper .
tr	O	她做了她唯一热爱的事情，并且 没有人能把这个从她身边夺走。
tr	I	I feel chills snaking down my spine , and he smiles at me .
tr	O	彼得在朋友家过夜，并且 她本来就已经迟了。
tr	O	第二天午餐时间马特来接我，并且 我告诉了他那个梦。
tr	I	Her family was , anyway , or she was also obscenely rich .
tr	I	Layla crawled off the bed and he closed the drapes before leaving the room .
tr	I	It was time for the Gathering , and the last kings trickled in .
tr	I	I don 't think it 's fair letting another woman get close , and I can 't have the woman I love .
tr	I	We melted into each other again , the conversation forgotten , and I giggled softly as he kissed me .
tr	O	我看到事情正在发生，但是 这个拼图的碎片似乎不吻合。
tr	I	That was the crowd inside applauding , but there was a thunderous noise .
tr	O	他除了脑中剧痛之外什么也想不起来。
tr	I	Julie could see the doubt in the red that colored her cheeks , and Kim was working through every second of her life to this moment .
tr	O	她的眼睛翻白了，并且她的牙齿穿透了他的实验服，深深咬入了他肩膀的肉里。
tr	O	命运是我们的敌人，但是时间才是危险。
tr	O	他的手臂胖乎乎的，并且他留着长指甲。
tr	I	She was a very strong Poppet , but he was a very big vampire .
tr	O	这个人已经死透了，而且这个事实无法改变。
tr	O	娜迪娅试图笑，但是她的笑声听起来很奇怪。
tr	O	他的语气变了，而且我僵住了。
tr	I	You bed a new woman every single night , and you have charge accounts that I pay for .
tr	O	他问，并且我扭过头给了他一个臭脸。
tr	I	My jeans had become uncomfortably tight , and her words were more breath than sound .
tr	O	只有一扇门开着，而且贝琪的名字就在旁边的牌子上。
tr	I	He knew that it was one of the best times of his life growing up , but he couldn 't remember .
tr	I	Her opponent jumped backward , but she lunged , slashing .
tr	O	Amanda带着车来了，并且McCoy跳了进去，热切地希望着幸运饼干能再他妈的更具体一点。
tr	O	Dragon的身体僵硬了，并且他的眼睛睁大了。
tr	O	把这个和那个结合起来，那么你就能想象接下来发生了什么。
tr	I	She was afraid to believe what she saw , but the emotion in his eyes washed over her .
tr	I	Even the very air was filled with the sound , and she could feel the pounding through the soles of her feet .
tr	O	显然他穿这些是为了抵御严酷的北方高寒，但是Seth倾向于认为这更多是为了好看。
tr	I	I stared down at the grave , lost in thought , and Jason stayed quietly by my side , not saying a word .
tr	I	Claire didn 't stop , but Trace called her name .
tr	O	她的头发染成了温暖的棕色，这种颜色很适合她，就像她的金发一样，并且她的身材依然令人难以置信。
tr	O	我的声音哽住了，但是我继续说了下去。
tr	I	She took Marie 's place on the couch , and I heard Sandra 's voice some time later .
tr	I	The weapons reloaded and the wounds were dressed .
tr	I	That was over a year ago , but I knew the person I used to speak to was a guy named Brett .
tr	O	那个早上听不到一只鸟儿唱歌，并且一种深深的阴郁笼罩了大地。
tr	I	I saw a smile light up her face , and she opened the corsage cautiously .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop , but this would help nothing .
tr	I	It sure wasn 't a normal man 's choice , but I wasn 't saying Greg 's method was a bad one .
tr	O	Eva点了点头，但是Owen只是盯着我，脸上带着茫然的表情。
tr	O	他们不是军人，但是安全地位于打开的门后给了他们一个远超的优势位置。
tr	I	I would take it and he offered help .
tr	O	我骗他说我不舒服，并且我曾与一个坏人有过接触。
tr	I	I was oblivious , lost in the mysteries of love but that would set the keynote .
tr	O	我一直想说话，但是话语卡在我的舌尖。
tr	I	He slung an arm around her and when her head brushed his shoulder , his pulse surged .
tr	O	他在这里的处境变得不稳，但是他认为那是真的。
tr	O	我张开嘴想尖叫，但是却发不出任何声音。
tr	O	她的身体僵硬了，并且经过一阵紧张后，她瘫倒在座位上。
tr	I	She did have responsibilities , but Carrie was grateful for what her friends were trying to do .
tr	O	马车后面只有两样东西，并且其中只有一个是袋子。
tr	I	I can 't help it but I know it 's silly .
tr	I	I bump it with my own , and Blaze reaches his fist out .
tr	I	They provided us with weak beams of light at that , and the only lights that guided us were the flashlights that we had .
tr	I	While the idea of seeing him without his shirt tempted her , this was so not the time , and she asked .
tr	I	Carlyle wasn 't happy to see both of us , and Benson led me into the living room .
tr	O	她知道，并且她知道他也知道。
tr	O	不，她从未有过乐趣，但是他说的越多，她就越想弥补这一点。
tr	I	I definitely didn 't like thinking there was someone else , but I denied it .
tr	O	他不确定那些话是从哪里来的，但是他突然全心全意地相信了它们。
tr	O	他们的脸一个接一个地清晰起来，并且他们提出的问题也开始变得有意义。
tr	I	He 'll be away for five days in April , but he hasn 't traveled since the end of January .
tr	O	她趴着，我仰着，她的一条毯子盖在我们身上。
tr	I	When he turned the ignition key , it purred like a content kitten , but Elijah waited to start the car until we were both buckled .
tr	O	她是他孩子的母亲，并且他们的女儿没有母亲是不好的。
tr	O	她曾希望那能把他吵醒，但是那并没有产生预期的效果。
tr	I	He was taking care of me or I didn 't like thinking I was mooching off him .
tr	I	She didn 't want me playing with four boys very often , but my mom said your mom was so nice to offer .
tr	O	也许他在经济学上缺乏动力，但是他身上没有一点不聪明的地方。
tr	I	We 're good to go and add in that scene .
tr	O	无法掩饰自己的好笑，她低头看向罗孚，但是她忠实的伙伴却不在桌子底下。
tr	O	面试替代人选并不是他喜欢的事情，并且他不太可能委托他人。
tr	I	He pushed it into her hand , and she reached for the snifter without looking .
tr	I	We had crossed a battlefield together , but they shouldn 't have taken my order .
tr	I	She sits down on the step and Nora 's knees suddenly go weak .
tr	I	Liam knew he would , but Bret hadn 't yet found the courage to visit his mother .
tr	O	我把牵狗绳系在拉格斯的项圈上，并且我们开始回家。
tr	I	His two closest friends who would be his two chief lieutenants should hostilities escalate and he didn 't like that Gregor wished to speak with him .
tr	O	我已经做出了对我们两人都正确的决定，并且我需要将其贯彻到底。
tr	O	几个小时过去了，并且其他测试也出来了。
tr	O	她的嘴张得大大的，并且牙齿像珍珠一样。
tr	O	夏延的车不见了，但是迪伦还是敲了门。
tr	I	Helen moved out of the way and nurses moved into the room at that moment , obviously time to take his vital statistics .
tr	I	He found himself becoming enchanted with her once again , and her blush was back .
tr	I	She nodded , and he asked .
tr	I	He turned towards me and I turned towards Zane .
tr	O	她开始哭了，并且如果我不是那么坚定，那就会是我的临界点。
tr	I	Her dress inched down , and his fingers accidentally pushed the fabric from her shoulders .
tr	O	他用手捋过头发，并且我屏住呼吸等待他的回应。
tr	I	He felt nothing when he killed , yet I could feel darkness in him .
tr	I	Instead they focused on her , but Isaac 's eyes were not on his opponent .
tr	O	这是一次势均力敌的投票，但是宪法修正案已获得所有三个机构的通过。
tr	O	也许我不配拥有这第二次机会，但是我无论如何都要争取它。
tr	I	Then at last I saw them backing out of the passage , but at first , no one came .
tr	O	我从未告诉他们我与海耶斯的冲突，并且我决心在第二天结束前堵住韦布。
tr	I	I have waited my entire existence for you , and you feel we are meant to be together .
tr	O	他没有说话，并且他没有微笑。
tr	O	我最喜欢的姑姑很高兴见到我，但是我骗不了她。
tr	O	突然一道黑暗的裂缝打开了，并且有什么可怕的东西从中穿过。
tr	I	I held my tone firm , but my face warmed with my blush .
tr	I	He pushed his own sleeve back , exposing his right forearm and one corner of his lip pulled up into a sort of smile .
tr	I	I wouldn 't , but frankly , the idea of doing that made me want to leave Kilmer for good .
tr	O	他怀疑她的信任是脆弱的，并且她毫无争议地给予信任是又一个首次。
tr	I	Purposefully dumped a soda onto me during lunch , and last year she spread a rumor that Allison was bulimic .
tr	O	它让你保持良好的体形，而且你学到的技术是真实的。
tr	O	周围发生的一切似乎只会让它变得更强大，并且我觉得自己想错了很傻。
tr	I	No one met my eyes , but I looked around the room .
tr	O	告诉我匕首在哪里，并且我会很快解决。
tr	O	她的朋友们试图让她开心起来，但是他们的努力只会让她更糟，因为他们不理解她的悲伤。
tr	I	It went off like a fire alarm in my ears , but Paul 's voice was no more than a ragged whisper .
tr	O	这场战争漫长，光明对抗黑暗，并且许多战士被杀。
tr	O	吉尔不舒服地清了清嗓子，并且艾弗里开始坐立不安。
tr	I	This situation needed to be dealt with quickly but normally I like to go with my axes .
tr	I	No system is completely perfect , but there may be some slight , well , irregularities , along the way .
tr	O	男孩们护送他到大桥，并且在路上，杰克给了埃里克另一本日记。
tr	O	当安妮点头时，一个重物移动了，并且她感觉更轻了。
tr	O	这比贫民区大多数孩子所能做到的要多，但是这不足以让我远离麻烦。
tr	O	她不知道为什么，但是它深深扎根在她体内。
tr	O	他任由她摆布，并且他对此束手无策。
tr	O	我们的目光对视了一秒钟，并且他给了我一个心照不宣的眼神。
tr	I	Then the wound was covered , and for just a moment she saw blood pouring out of the hole in Dinah 's chest .
tr	I	It was useless , but he tried to recall the powerful feeling he 'd had when he took the piece of jewelry .
tr	I	More lightning flowed through him and Ash leaned his head forward .
tr	O	这一击正中怪物后背，并且它也冻结了。
tr	I	The ceiling was at least several hundred feet high , and the chamber was circular , about 50 feet across .
tr	I	I didn 't plan to wander off but it felt all wrong for a moment .
tr	I	Nobody laughed but there were a few gentle chuckles .
tr	I	I 'll hang up on you and do it again on the phone .
tr	O	好的，她正在与微风交谈，但是至少她没有感到孤独。
tr	I	David shoved her behind him with one arm while he aimed his gun at the branches , and the bushes swayed again .
tr	O	在房子里感觉像英格兰的心脏，但是外面却是她想象中遥远的热带岛屿的样子。
tr	I	It won , but it is !
tr	I	That was all there was to it for me , and he was a monster .
tr	O	他仅剩的几颗理性脑细胞在尖叫着让他放开她，但是她感觉太好了。
tr	I	I regretted insulting his father and Spencer 's facial expression hardened .
tr	O	他是我的挚友，我的伙伴，我的依靠，但是现在这在我心里已不重要了。
tr	I	Frank knew what she meant , but she asked , talking mostly to herself .
tr	I	I did find it incredible then , too , and Egwene did speak of this event .
tr	O	鲁珀特咂了咂嘴，仿佛敌营是一颗熟透的李子，但是他没有下令进攻。
tr	O	黛丽亚与他建立了亲密关系，一种纽带，并且他知道她这样做是为了他，而不是为了她自己。
tr	I	Her eyes didn 't seem to focus on any one thing , and she swayed .
tr	O	我从利亚姆那里借了雕刻凿，并且我正在制作轮廓。
tr	O	那个岛是他们的世界，并且它满足了他们所有的需求。
tr	O	从不曾动摇他们的信仰和总是把萨姆视为英雄。
tr	I	Then , in a strangely surreal moment , he kissed her , and he pinned one of her struggling arms to the floor with his knee .
tr	O	我们身后传来一声水花声，并且我们俩都看向水面。
tr	O	我奶奶已经打电话给几个主人了，并且他们已经来把它们带走了。
tr	O	他还没去游船呢，并且他觉得那会是这一天一个很棒的结局。
tr	O	杰克把手放在她的背上，并且他们一起为闪光灯下的镜头摆姿势。
tr	O	他告诉芭芭拉他何时想来，并且他们就让他来。
tr	O	淫秽的想法进入我的脑海，并且我希望拉奇看不出我在想什么。
tr	O	他们会计划在医院动手，但是他们不会有机会。
tr	I	She moved in with him and somewhere along the line Barrett got involved with Milford .
tr	O	那双蓝灰色的眼睛在我走近时抬了起来，但是她的其他部分一动不动。
tr	I	Now my curiosity is up , but normally I 'd just say no .
tr	I	It will develop more speed than what you already have , but it might be annoying .
tr	O	我从他身边走过，并且管家立刻离开了大楼，他在走过人群时做手势示意不要被枪击。
tr	O	我父母要到明天晚上才回来，并且他们不在的时候你不能进来。
tr	O	我不确定那条信息本应是什么，但是她脑海里确实有一条。
tr	I	I desperately tried to keep them at bay and I could feel my eyes filling with tears .
tr	I	I felt a chill despite the warm breeze , and my heart began to beat faster .
tr	I	Jason was holding his own , but Hayes had more magical ability .
tr	I	They only accentuated the sharp , clean cut of his face , but a pair of dark glasses obscured his eyes .
tr	O	他不是那个意思，但是这些话语因长期习惯而脱口而出。
tr	I	She is probably living on the streets , but if the records are right , your sister may be up there .
tr	O	他非常认真，并且有那么一刻，我想知道我怎么能如此专注地赢得他的信任。
tr	I	He would never let you go , but your father might let me go .
tr	O	我敲了门，并且她应了门。
tr	O	我瞥向伊莎贝尔，并且我知道她另有看法。
tr	O	他的目光中既有怒火也有炽热，并且她的呼吸窒在胸腔里，因为她被他们之间强烈吸引力震慑了。
tr	O	我不明白她为什么会那么喜欢它，但是我还是让它为她播放着。
tr	I	He couldn 't lie to her either , but he hadn 't wanted to tell Chloe they were fake .
tr	I	Everything was calm and suddenly the sun came out .
tr	O	现在还太早，并且我不想让所有人现在就轰炸她。
tr	I	She had to do something , but she wasn 't sure what she could do .
tr	I	Mel calmed down , and Vidalia spoke with authority .
tr	O	然后轮到她了，并且他再次请求进入。
tr	I	Then , I guess , decides against it , but he opens his mouth to say something .
tr	I	Please consider the rights of these geeks , please , but I realize that .
tr	I	He looked back at her and there was an odd note to her voice .
tr	O	他把她的那个小包甩到肩上，并且他的双臂交叉在胸前。
tr	O	那个女人畏缩了，但是那个男人看起来更生气了。
tr	O	他觉得这很荒谬，但是他却对此无能为力。
tr	O	伍兹的声音打断了我的思绪，并且我从震惊的恍惚中猛然清醒。
tr	I	They are not , but they look simple .
tr	O	恐惧浸湿了她的手心，并且她确信即使隔着厚厚的棉衣也能听到自己心跳加速的声音。
tr	O	我也看见了他，但是我的直觉告诉我，在我看得更清楚之前不要谴责他。
tr	O	他和我争论，但是我却说服了他。
tr	I	She let him go and I called to her .
tr	I	Xavier kissed her forehead and she then leaned up .
tr	O	他面朝前方，并且她无法看清他面部特征的许多细节。
tr	I	Daniel came back and the girls sat .
tr	I	Many of the local residents were raised there and over twenty eight thousand people live in Ridgecrest .
tr	I	Tom came to invite Steve , who decided to tag along , and the team was going to lunch .
tr	I	It 's never been proven , but as for the latter , I 've speculated that other realities might exist .
tr	O	她看起来一如既往地完美，而且我决定那一切都是我自己，看到了我想看到的东西。
tr	I	He couldn 't be sure , but Colin wanted to believe no one knew she was living here .
tr	I	We both fell and needless to say , I stumbled .
tr	O	我不知道这为何让我震惊，考虑到我最近看到的一切，但是它确实如此。
tr	O	她所有的同学都回家了，而且她就是唯一剩下的一个。
tr	I	I 'd take advantage of it while we were together , but it was weird that I missed him when he wasn 't by my side .
tr	I	I was too strong for him , but his muscles fought to regain control .
tr	I	His deep set eyes shone with triumph and he glanced up at me .
tr	O	两个女孩咯咯地笑了，而且Infinity摇了摇头。
tr	O	圣医生最后那句话让我措手不及，而且我匆匆穿过门，感到非常不舒服。
tr	I	Fiji could tell he didn 't feel it , but he said that .
tr	I	Cara could tell there was something more , and he grew silent .
tr	I	They were trying to accept the defeat of their lovers , and none of them expected their husbands to survive through the night .
tr	O	他看着我，而且他的表情很严肃。
tr	O	挑战区沉默了很长一段时间，而且我们都互相盯着对方。
tr	O	我以前从未分享过，但是我猜一个好室友总是会敲门的。
tr	O	没人反对，并且没人会告密。
tr	I	Nobody came out to see if I was all right , but they 'd seen the near hit-and-run .
tr	I	There was torch light again in the cave , and the darkness went away .
tr	I	Her vital signs checked before she was wheeled into a recovery room and once the doctors had finished the operation , Eloise was stitched up .
tr	I	He knew it wasn 't a happy one , but yes , she had a smile on her face .
tr	I	Her mood seemed to have changed and Della glanced over to the door .
tr	I	It kind of injured his pride , but he 'd never admit it .
tr	O	墙上有一些不同寻常的涂鸦，但是它更暗、更潮湿。
tr	O	这没什么，但是这足够了。
tr	O	李坐在他旁边，并且马洛举起一个装有三明治的敞口袋子。
tr	O	查克砰地关上前排的乘客车门，并且他们飞驰而去。
tr	I	That was all , but Amy 's car was there .
tr	O	人们的品味正在扩大，而且有一个庞大的移民社区，他们对新的食物选择持开放态度。
tr	O	像往常一样，卢克生着壁炉，但是她无法摆脱感受到的寒意。
tr	I	Most men aren 't , but he 's not very practical .
tr	I	A rush of heat washed over Eliot 's face , and clouds of opaque smoke billowed into the small room .
tr	I	She pulled away from me , her eyes shooting darts at me , and I walked over to her .
tr	I	She turned to glare at it and her doorbell chimed .
tr	I	He cut her off , but she opened her mouth .
tr	O	有那么一瞬间，我怀疑自己是否梦见了那只蝙蝠，但是不，我很确定我没有。
tr	I	I would stick to it , and I made the right choice .
tr	I	She didn 't want to kiss him , but the perfect answer would be that yes , she liked kissing .
tr	O	瑞秋知道他不会高兴，但是她没有料到她得到的反应。
tr	I	He caught a glimpse of anxious vulnerability in her eyes as she tried to explain and amazingly she blushed .
tr	O	它被绑在三块最高的石头上，并且妮塔的眼睛随着每个新细节的揭示而睁得大大的。
tr	O	我打算请达拉斯和我们一起来，但是我怀疑她会离开卡斯。
tr	I	A soft light shone from within , and a door to her right stood open .
tr	O	她的身体是他的小提琴，并且他像大师一样演奏她。
tr	I	He once again put it to good use , and the lighter he carried had reminded him of her .
tr	I	For a second I was afraid it would make him angry with me all over again , and I had forgotten to tell him that .
tr	O	我会担心她死了，但是她睡觉时却不断地胡言乱语。
tr	I	Now you have to let it go , and I killed it .
tr	O	当他伸手去取下她嘴里的头巾时，艾娃从他身边退缩了，并且泰迟才看到她颧骨上正在形成的淤青。
tr	I	It did not sit well on unaccustomed stomachs , but this diet actually contained twice as much protein by weight as beefsteak .
tr	O	塔什对我发出咕咕声，抱着我，但是我只是感到一阵刺痛。
tr	O	新学期开始了，并且她有一节早课。
tr	O	她的手停了下来，并且她困惑地抬头看着我。
tr	I	Stone was everything that Chance was not ... dark , mysterious , dangerous , but chance was a great guy .
tr	I	With her gone , his heart was broken , and the only one who could hurt him now was Kateri .
tr	I	She couldn 't make her feet move , but he moved aside to let her in .
tr	I	The woman was lifting her left foot to drag it away and within a fraction of a second it was bundled around her ankles .
tr	O	我对他咧嘴一笑，并且我看到安娜翻了个白眼。
tr	O	载体升起，并且意识消散了。
tr	I	The skies had been heavily patrolled by the enemy , and Amara had been too weary for full flight .
tr	O	有些伤口很严重，但是没有一个感到如此寒冷。
tr	O	乐队又开始演奏了，并且一排排舞者正在形成。
tr	O	他是为她而来的，并且那感觉真是太棒了。
tr	I	I blanched , and said Hades quietly .
tr	I	We burst out laughing with Zane just standing there shaking his head and Sidney grinned at me .
tr	I	Bones wasn 't kneeling in defeat , but Louis let out a triumphant laugh .
tr	I	For now , I 'm heading south through Virginia , but eventually I 'm going to make my way to the ocean .
tr	O	我会尝试逃跑，但是我不想他再次粗暴对待我。
tr	O	她加入了另外两人，并且他们面对面站着。
tr	O	他们试图向他保证警察是需要的，但是他只想原地坐下。
tr	O	也许他一直都怀疑，但是他不想知道。
tr	O	当我开始想如何得到它时，我意识到我所有的恐惧都消失了，并且我感到一丝得意。
tr	I	Her legs betrayed her but she made a valiant effort to get out of bed .
tr	I	Whoever does will face Archangel , and no one has tunneled in yet .
tr	O	马特耸了耸肩，并且凯伦翻了个白眼。
tr	O	他的声音很平淡，并且他说话断断续续。
tr	O	雅各布首先推开了会议室的门，并且我跟着他进去了，强作镇定。
tr	I	I knew I should be grateful for having had Tristan beside me and the bond we shared had seen me through my mother 's ordeal .
tr	I	Of course I didn 't have my stationery with me , but I automatically thought of writing thank-you notes .
tr	O	不只是加维的，但是有多人在变得更吵闹。
tr	O	他起初喜欢它，但是现在它变得单调乏味了。
tr	I	He got me big time and Jason could be so annoying .
tr	O	这很危险，但是 我大部分时间都可以做自己的事。
tr	I	She is not happy at all with it and like she sees someone looking back at her .
tr	I	He appeared and I asked my mind to show me what was in my way .
tr	O	他们在派对上进行了一次小小的参观，并且 他们看到了仆人区。
tr	O	他拉上包的拉链并把它甩到肩上。
tr	O	霍皮的膝盖颤抖了，并且 他吸了一口气。
tr	I	When she gazed into his blue eyes , she was sixteen again , but she wanted to say something witty .
tr	O	我发誓当时不会晚于午后，然而 天却黑了。
tr	I	She nodded , and asked Ted .
tr	I	He glanced over at the nightstand and before he could stand , her phone rang .
tr	I	I hadn 't been willing to do the things that might hurt , but my love for Seth was no less than his for me .
tr	O	一根支撑着屋顶的柱子挡住了她的去路，并且 她改变了方向，退回到她开始的地方。
tr	O	他要好几周后才会归还我给他的任何东西，而且 那时还带着恶毒无益的评论。
tr	I	I 'd seen it in their eyes , but no human had ever said it to me .
tr	O	他已经签约一年了，并且 他知道自己必须遵守。
tr	I	I had found that in Kaspar , just for a second , and all I had was the desire to be wanted ; to be cared about .
tr	I	Joshua 's body was taken away - forever , and a cloth was pulled over Joshua 's body .
tr	I	A slight lift in his brow displayed his surprise and when she said nothing , his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	它如约而至，并且他还没有准备好。
tr	I	That didn 't seem to matter , but she didn 't have metal to Push against .
tr	I	Everything bothered him more than it should have , but this bothered him more than it should have .
tr	O	没有得到任何供应，并且她为它的缺席而哭泣，口中干渴。
tr	I	The stereo 's volume joined in harmony and the heater was on full blast .
tr	I	He was too scared he would get careless again , but his need for the high was great .
tr	I	I 'm getting tired of traveling , but I like it .
tr	O	我立刻感到内疚，并且我耷拉着身子走向她。
tr	O	他拿了黛西的包，并且他们走向伦敦站台。
tr	I	The sight of her anguish breaks my heart , and they 're brimming with tears .
tr	I	My gaze followed his and Deacon nodded at the bathroom door .
tr	I	I kissing in Hyde Park and I stopped as I saw my name blazing on the television screen with an old picture of Luke .
tr	O	移动往往会吸引目光，并且他下方有许多躯体。
tr	I	Then , evidently concluding she was not a problem , they went back to prowling the underbrush , and the trio regarded her for a long moment .
tr	O	我知道你很担心，但是如果他在你那里，他就无法接触到他在这里拥有的东西。
tr	O	肯定已经过了午夜，但是科琳因过于焦虑而无法入睡。
tr	I	Without the anguish she caused all of you , and she could have made her point without risk to herself .
tr	O	露娜想站起来，但是她的恐惧非常强烈，让她动弹不得。
tr	O	碎片扎进她赤裸的脚，但是她对疼痛几乎不予理会。
tr	O	我想疼痛地尖叫，但是我的喉咙不允许。
tr	I	I answered the phone eagerly and Skylar immediately popped to mind .
tr	O	我们停下来，并且他放开了我的手。
tr	O	危险是格雷格，并且朱莉必须让他离开她的生活，离开她母亲的生活。
tr	O	她尽力继续走，点头，抬手示意，但是她继续前行。
tr	O	他向其他人点点头，并且每个人都放下他们的麻袋。
tr	O	自从我父亲失踪以来，我被多次称为凶手，但是这背后从未有过真正的真相。
tr	O	她痛苦地皱眉，因为它胸腔膨胀到桶的大小，但是它的肩膀变成了人形。
tr	O	怒火包围了她，并且她将双手紧握成拳，然后扑向他。
tr	I	That did not signify , but she didn 't credit such lofty ambitions to her own pater .
tr	I	I can see the worry masking his expression and Connor looks up at me .
tr	I	That made me trust her even less , if that was possible , and she must have insisted on being here .
tr	O	其中一个瘾君子问道，并且我把注意力转回他们身上。
tr	I	She stood her ground , but Dahlia 's survival instincts shrieked at her to pull away .
tr	I	All of it seemed minor now , but Josh knew his time on earth was tough .
tr	I	It was local perfection but he tasted perfection with Turntable Poison .
tr	O	他们是一股强大的力量，但是科琳亲身知道德拉戈斯并非没有自己的力量。
tr	O	她起身迎向我时，臀部摆动着抵住我的腹部，并且我忍住了即将浮现的笑容。
tr	O	我想你可能没时间注意到，但是果园谷发生了一些变化。
tr	O	德雷克长时间地审视着她，并且他随后点了点头。
tr	I	The interrogator taps his claws thoughtfully , processing the information , and Vel tells him what I 've said .
tr	I	She still struggled , yet that smile was her Waterloo .
tr	I	She was feeling a little irritated with him , and she had been on the edge of a doze when Clark pulled up at the unexpected fork .
tr	I	Before I know it I 'm in trouble and precious seconds are spent retrieving my sword .
tr	O	他举起手准备敲门，但是他的拳头却不自觉地悬在半空中。
tr	I	Lately she had often been absent from both camps , but Sara was part of the team whenever possible .
tr	I	She shifted her gaze away and Heat rushed up her neck .
tr	I	Thomas turned back to Will in utter speculation , and Gabriel skipped ahead , suddenly light as a lark .
tr	I	He walked in close behind me , as if trying to crowd me so I couldn 't run back outside , and my door swung open .
tr	I	He was going to stand by her , but maybe his family would hate him for it .
tr	O	他握住她的双手，并且他的眼睛充满了温柔的恳求。
tr	O	这是一种他从未预料到的疲惫，并且他不知道该如何迈出下一步，如何摆脱它。
tr	I	I hoped they didn 't run into trouble , no random patrols lurking out of sight , but it was some distance .
tr	I	If he didn 't have something right now , he 'd die , and it was as if he 'd never eaten , never in his life .
tr	I	Ryan had barely slowed at all on impact , but he had no idea how fast he had been going when he had hit the water .
tr	O	我一躺下她就动了，并且我害怕我把她吵醒了。
tr	O	我们叫了一辆救护车，并且我让我们的一个人开车送那些生病需要就诊的人过去。
tr	I	The other two professors pounce , and I rise to my feet .
tr	I	You can 't do it forever , but you 'll start off working long , crazy hours .
tr	I	The rage brought me to my feet again , but surely I should have died .
tr	O	这解释了埃里克给我打电话的延迟，但是这并没有让我感觉好受一些。
tr	I	A face appeared and the screen flickered .
tr	I	I touched them in the dream , feeling the dried encrusted blood , and several sores covered the bald spots .
tr	O	我身体的紧张感在增加，并且我开始更快地移动，更疯狂地对抗他的手。
tr	O	我很抱歉，但是我必须走了。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but his eyes were saddened .
tr	I	Ashe hadn 't taken it well , and Jeremy had hurled a terrible insult at Ashe .
tr	O	那意味着她要么是喝高了，或者她只是玩得非常非常开心。
tr	O	他们盯着看了一会儿，并且负责人回答了。
tr	I	He 's quick to turn the other way , and I shoot a hard look up at him .
tr	I	I need your touch to bring him in , but I 've done as much as I can .
tr	O	她在西蒙投以愤怒目光时抬起了头，但是她不在乎。
tr	O	不同的拼图块各就各位，并且它们构成了一个我从未意识到的真相。
tr	O	观众现在都站着，并且掌声雷动。
tr	I	She was going to pick some things and she said there were winter vegetables outside in the garden .
tr	O	他今天迟到了，但是他固执地决定尽力而为。
tr	O	没人能做到，并且那也包括刺客。
tr	I	I know you are as strong as you are brave , but I am saddened to hear that you were badly injured .
tr	I	I 'm shaking yet again and I sit in the shower until the water turns cold .
tr	O	赛季于一月中旬开始，并且他需要一个强劲的开端。
tr	I	I 'd like to think that you gave it to her while you were there , but I 'm not sure how mom got the bracelet exactly .
tr	O	我悄悄地从墙上的支架上取下一把重剑，并且一击之下，我将他们俩都刺穿了。
tr	O	他们的歌声远非完美，但是其中蕴含着一种力量。
tr	I	She was sure he wasn 't aware of it , but his hold on Carol 's waist tightened almost painfully .
tr	I	He doesn 't realize how much people like him , but he has a ton of friends .
tr	I	They weren 't icy cool like Holt 's , but my eyes were light colored , blue .
tr	O	我的眼睛一想到就涌出泪水，但是 我把它压了下去。
tr	O	他的声音听起来和他本人一样苍老，但是 那种力量感不容忽视。
tr	I	She was insistent , but in his panic , he shoved her thoughts away .
tr	O	珍娜在门口迎接我们，并且 她说话时把手放在杰克胳膊上，让我感到不舒服。
tr	O	他上了卡车，并且 她就看不见了。
tr	O	我看起来没有我希望的那么吓人，但是 效果还不错。
tr	O	我们在我房间外面和亚历克斯会合了，并且 她打开了传送门，这样我就不必使用我的魔法了。
tr	O	我就告诉你，并且 你来决定。
tr	I	It was difficult to tell which side we ought to stand on and the lines were getting blurry .
tr	I	She almost didn 't take it , and he offered his hand to Willow .
tr	O	我需要知道发生了什么，并且 我不能总是掌握最新情况。
tr	I	I worked to keep my face impassive , and several heads swiveled in my direction .
tr	O	波波抬起脸看着达西，并且我看到了他脸上的泪水。
tr	O	伊莱只去过峡谷一次，而且那是在很久以前了。
tr	I	Before he knew it time for lunch had come around and the latter caught his attention .
tr	O	他得到了第二次机会，而且那是他不会浪费的一次机会。
tr	I	He wouldn 't have stopped either , but he wouldn 't have taken pleasure in it .
tr	I	He nodded once , and his eyes searched mine .
tr	I	Forms continued to be ambiguous , but a full-color palette returned .
tr	I	A peal of thunder sounded from behind us , giving the whole moment a gothic feel that made me laugh , and a few seconds passed .
tr	I	Her lips moved , like she was trying to say something and our eyes met .
tr	O	你是受雇的帮手，并且我猜想在某个时候你会得到报酬。
tr	O	派珀的眉毛仍然紧锁着，但是我能看出她开始明白了。
tr	O	我担心这可能操之过急，但是当我再次试图劝阻她时，她只是把我拉得更近了。
tr	O	雪已经停了，而且风也刮起来了，把融雪硬化成了光滑的冰。
tr	I	He took no note of it , but a light shone against his eyelids , a dim , distant light .
tr	I	Reacher was a professional , and Surprise was strictly for amateurs .
tr	I	He continued , but a wave of nausea swept through Seldon .
tr	O	菲的荧光绿闪粉眼影的画面浮现在我脑海中，但是我把它推开了。
tr	O	他知道时间有限制，但是他沉浸在故事中。
tr	O	当警卫确定我没有武装时，他们退后了，并且我继续往里走。
tr	O	她可能对世界显得很坚强，好像她一切都处理得很好，但是沙恩知道她所面对的不安。
tr	I	There was something about this girl that unsettled her , but Sarah couldn 't put her finger on why .
tr	I	His words had been kind and his hands had been gentle .
tr	I	Let 's assume he has stayed put , but there are other paths , other destinations , of course .
tr	I	She wondered if he owned a comb and his bright orange hair was in disarray .
tr	I	He didn 't know how long this was going to take and he was feeling peckish .
tr	O	艾玛的胸口收紧了，并且她几乎无法呼吸。
tr	O	我站在那里凝视着升腾的蒸汽，并且我希望迪恩能在我身边。
tr	I	I 'm sure it involved me , somehow , but I had no idea what the conversation entailed .
tr	O	她已经为这项技术收到了报酬，并且公司持有这些专利。
tr	I	She 'd already been gone too long , and Sam would be waking up soon .
tr	I	There 's no way Kyle would have thought she was still a bird and Liam would 've been used to Elizabeth 's energy signature .
tr	I	The child scrunched its face , too , and she made a scrunched up face .
tr	O	银色的叶子沙沙作响，并且她抬头看它们低语着。
tr	I	He chuckled and I asked .
tr	O	他的眼睛瞪大了，并且他挥舞着双手。
tr	O	在树木繁茂的山丘上与猎犬群追逐可能很刺激，但是它也可能很危险。
tr	O	他犯了表达自己担忧的错误，并且玛丽·乔差点把他骂得狗血淋头。
tr	O	我乞求他们好几天让我出院，并且当他们最终同意时，我立刻冲出了那里。
tr	O	西尔维奥低声回应了一句礼貌的话，但是他的眼睛却从未离开小屏幕。
tr	O	她点了点头，并且她的笑容终于变得温暖起来。
tr	I	Each day became harder to deal with , and three weeks went by without another word from him .
tr	I	I 'm sorry to say they 're both a disappointment to me , and my children are grown .
tr	O	他警告过我这件事，并且我同意尝试。
tr	I	The surprise was overwhelming , but he probably possessed the ability to maintain his grip .
tr	I	I answer eagerly , and my phone rings .
tr	O	我一直觉得鬼魂很可怕，但是小说中的它们比活生生的贝瑟尼夫人更容易面对。
tr	I	I needed the money from the sale , but I was loath to drive a stolen car an hour away .
tr	O	一股颤抖在她体内蔓延，让她从内到外感到寒冷，并且她的喉咙紧得让她难以呼吸。
tr	O	他为她把门敞开，并且托比，他当时留下来为他兄弟送行，帮他把大旅行箱装进去。
tr	O	自从那件事发生后，你就不再是原来的你了，但是克拉丽不是乔纳森。
tr	I	It startled her , and she heard the determination in his voice , along with something else which she didn 't know .
tr	I	He promised he wanted to raise the baby like his own and he said he 'd always loved me .
tr	O	里根在调集援兵到科斯塔斯的仓库方面做得很好，但是现在他们需要一个全面的战略。
tr	I	I can feel it pumping through me , but I don 't want to hope .
tr	O	那些人没有显得被吓倒，但是她的胃却绞成一团。
tr	I	All were too likely for my comfort , but none of the ideas were very fun .
tr	I	Her apartment building didn 't allow them , and her grandparents wouldn 't think of it .
tr	I	It glitters , and this one covers the whole face .
tr	O	它播放了《天鹅湖》的主题曲，但是我当时并不知道那是什么歌。
tr	I	I hardly know where to start , but questions pop into my head .
tr	I	He was ready for it and the door flew toward him .
tr	O	她需要真相，并且他会把它给她。
tr	I	The smoke diminished and chokes were released .
tr	I	All he did was shake his head , but she waited for Charles to say something .
tr	I	No doubt they were on the same page , but words became jumbled in between .
tr	I	They didn 't move that fast , and there weren 't that many lines .
tr	I	He laughed and I looked up at him in amazement .
tr	I	People took me for a show , and I just acted naturally .
tr	O	格雷森笑了，并且亚历克笑了。
tr	I	We 'll talk more this night and ' Sleep now .
tr	O	她不像莉莉那么强大，但是还有别的什么。
tr	O	她没有受伤，因为那只是一块海绵，但是她的头发上沾满了绿色的绒毛。
tr	O	它们是为骑马而设计的，并且更重要的是，它们看起来很漂亮。
tr	I	She recognized some of them as Skylar 's and Memories from the others danced through her consciousness .
tr	I	The last place Nikki wanted to be was at the club but it was almost time to leave for work .
tr	I	We eventually popped out onto another beach and he led us further into the forest .
tr	I	Lexi started , and her cell vibrated in her hand .
tr	O	我的眼皮变得沉重，并且我难以睁开它们。
tr	I	Her eyes widened with delighted surprise and when she saw Surreal , her scowl vanished .
tr	O	我看着他，并且他显得非常不自在。
tr	I	He believed that , but Max didn 't believe in much .
tr	I	I bring her up with me as I stand , and my grip on Rachel tightens .
tr	I	I could hear it behind us , but I hadn 't yet seen it .
tr	O	我们再次绕到前面，并且我努力地鼓起我的热情。
tr	I	Vampires walk in fear of him , but you do not know his reputation .
tr	O	疲惫终于击垮了他，并且几分钟内他便不省人事，对周围的风暴浑然不觉。
tr	I	An elevator door opened from behind a hidden wall panel and a bell rang .
tr	I	To let it go but once he 'd settled , he found himself with no choice .
tr	O	当我醒来时，房子着火了，并且我在地板从我脚下烧穿时逃了出来。
tr	I	I dug my nails into his back , clawing at him in growing need and another suction made my panting break on a cry .
tr	I	He couldn 't be sure but they seemed to be roads .
tr	O	各种生物都曾是自由的，并且龙曾是人类的伙伴。
tr	O	她在发光，但是她死了。
tr	I	The guilt is killing me , but my story stays the same .
tr	O	我的声音在颤抖，但是我没有停下。
tr	O	从他涨红的脸上脱口而出，并且他捂住了肚子。
tr	O	医疗保健计划到2011年底已经失败了，并且总统似乎已经失去了对政府的控制。
tr	O	她写信给她哥哥史蒂文，希望能招募他，但是史蒂文回复说他无法从他的兵团请假。
tr	O	他递给我饮料，并且我接了过来。
tr	I	I didn 't really know what that would accomplish , but well , part of me wanted to .
tr	O	如果那是马伯里，他来早了，并且现在她没有时间梳洗了。
tr	I	She kept whimpering and her face was deathly pale .
tr	I	The ache ran deep , blooming in her chest , but she ached for him .
tr	I	I was trying to focus my vision ; but my vision started getting blurry as if I were trying to focus a camera .
tr	I	It happened and I just thought about her .
tr	I	He was not one of the gods of Saran , and the people of Nu Pike were worshiping one god .
tr	I	I blessed him with that life , and the Creator sent him to me .
tr	I	Her curiosity urged her to stay , but her instincts told her to run .
tr	I	For some reason I couldn 't receive it , but she sent me a picture of one of her paintings .
tr	O	格雷戈里也坐下了，并且卡特·格鲁姆坐了最后一把椅子。
tr	O	我收到另一条短信，我以为是艾丽的，但是却是来自一个未知号码。
tr	O	他们心情很好地离开了奥克里奇，并且起初一切都进展顺利。
tr	O	我们唯一能做的就是把战争带给他们，并且那让我们面临两个选择。
tr	O	他们试图等到孩子们达到青春期，但是创造的恐惧是如此之大，以至于他们提早做了。
tr	I	I 'd been manicured - and the blood was gone .
tr	O	我们可以让时间过得慢一些，但是那也无济于事。
tr	I	He eventually rose from the grave himself , and Jesus went around offering people eternal life .
tr	O	那生物眼中的神色缓和了一些，但是它仍然充满了不信任。
tr	O	云层在我下方散开，并且我看到了陆地。
tr	I	Everything she did was from the heart , and she didn 't have an angle .
tr	O	他深吸了一口气，并且我想知道我的话是否伤到了他。
tr	I	He knew he was one of the biggest , and he suspected she would use any weapon that came her way in her battles with her husband .
tr	O	他愣了一下，并且接着他的手臂环住了我的腰。
tr	O	我不知道一个战争部长能赚多少钱，但是我惊讶于房子竟然不大。
tr	O	他轻轻推了我一下，并且我倒在了被子上。
tr	O	她从衣架上为她母亲挑了几件连衣裙，并且在安妮不情愿地试穿后，她们同意了一件。
tr	O	沥青抓过克里夫的包，并且轻松地把它甩到肩上。
tr	I	They 'd all come and he 'd tell everybody .
tr	O	她的礼物很好，但是它和电子阅读器完全不同。
tr	O	我们刚见了迦勒的妈妈，并且她一如既往。
tr	I	I 'm hurt as well , but Xander 's eyes look hurt .
tr	O	因为那时已经太晚了，而且那个古老而熟悉的故事已经开始了。
tr	O	蕾妮试图阻止我，但是凭借巨大的力量，我将刷子猛砸在其中一只玻璃鞋上。
tr	I	The sleeves fitted her arms all the way down to her wrists and the bodice had a square cut neckline .
tr	O	她的嘴巴张开了，但是没有发出声音。
tr	I	At the very least , I 'll be your friend , but I can 't guarantee anything else .
tr	I	This was definitely him and I 'd seen pictures of Rick from twenty years ago .
tr	I	His question had been the opposite of that , but at first I thought he was going to hit on me .
tr	I	Your health needs to come first , but I know that there are reasons .
tr	I	I nodded all the same , but I didn 't understand .
tr	O	一种隐约恶心的感觉在我胃里翻腾，并且在一阵恐慌中，我以为自己会呕吐。
tr	I	I declined , stubbornly insisting that I walk my ass down to the clinic , but MC offered to carry me .
tr	I	I wasn 't certain I could carry the baby , but I should have told you right away , when the doctor confirmed it .
tr	I	He 'd heard that she was on track to becoming one of the highest paid defense lawyers in the area , and Sophie was smart , driven .
tr	O	离开超市后，我们朝着理查德的家走去，并且这一次我迈着轻快的步伐。
tr	I	They took him from us , and he was a great man , perhaps the greatest of men .
tr	I	I 'd lay it all out , and I would take him to the swing set at the elementary school next door .
tr	I	My brow creases , and my eyes glance at the guns at my side .
tr	I	He walked in directly behind us , but Dr. Wilson wasn 't in the room when we arrived .
tr	O	没有疑问，但是他们正在拖锚。
tr	I	I hold it fast , so instead she twists her head sideways , but she tries to turn her chair to face mine .
tr	O	她把儿子查理拖去参加活动，并且查理又拖着卡特里娜去了。
tr	I	My stomach curled , and he glanced at Mallory .
tr	I	I 've arranged for another physician to look in on him , but I can 't leave the tournament .
tr	I	Xavier said that it was just a house , but David asked if he could be given a tour of the house .
tr	I	Several times required her sister 's assistance , and Alice wasn 't so sure , however .
tr	O	我伸手到她身后解开她的胸罩，并且肩带立刻从她肩上滑落。
tr	O	我被拖进一栋楼里，并且我立刻知道自己身在何处。
tr	O	他没有她偷走他的证据，并且自从他们第一次在牙买加相遇以来已经过了太久了。
tr	I	That will lead to rumors and too many people will talk .
tr	O	电视上没有有用的最新消息，但是小巷里难民仍然像前一天早上一样拥挤。
tr	I	Isaac clamped his mouth shut , and Judy approached with their dinners .
tr	O	丹尼尔歉意地看了费罗斯一眼，但是费罗斯没有评论。
tr	O	她的眼睛里没有瞳孔，但是我能感觉到她内心的恐惧。
tr	I	He 'd failed , but he 'd tried not to give in to his lust .
tr	I	She had to go through several contortions to zip up her jeans , and a lot of her clothes didn 't anymore .
tr	O	比利跑向我并紧紧抱住我的腿。
tr	I	I wait for more to come and my hand stops .
tr	O	他是这样希望的，但是他真的不知道埃里克有多强大。
tr	I	It was very loud and the room was crowded .
tr	I	He felt as if Hope was finally exactly where she was supposed to be , and his eyes closed .
tr	O	口音很重，但是话语清晰。
tr	O	她看着蔡斯，并且他点了点头。
tr	I	They begin their work and the vile creature is surrounded by the scanner projectors .
tr	I	Flights were difficult for some people , but I wasn 't one to promote sharing medicine .
tr	I	We all launched ourselves into the sky , watching as the building was quickly engulfed in an infernal and I pulled away from Taylor .
tr	O	他已经为玛丽的死复仇了，但是这没有给他带来任何喜悦。
tr	O	格蕾琴能看到下面的干涸河床以及仙人掌从几乎垂直的悬崖壁上长出来。
tr	I	Lucy was so obviously not her usual self , but we sat in our usual seats in the front .
tr	O	她感到一阵短暂的疼痛，并且她听到了一声恶毒的咆哮，同时她发誓她似乎听到了血肉撕裂的声音。
tr	I	The smarmy little smiles she shot me told me all I needed to know , but she never said anything about our altercation .
tr	I	She lost her balance , and Jack 's voice tore through Claire 's concentration .
tr	I	I could not zig-zag very well and it flew out beneath my feet .
tr	I	He obviously wasn 't willing to end it and there must be something going on between them .
tr	I	That had meant nothing to him , and Cassie had been his baby girl , too .
tr	I	His hand in my hair tightened , and I rocked my h * ps against him .
tr	O	加布里埃尔动了一下，肌肉微动，仅此而已，但是这很吓人。
tr	O	科尔去够门，但是一只无形的手抓住了他的。
tr	I	He pointed toward the ceiling , and Francisco 's dark eyes twinkled .
tr	I	A few papers blowing lazily up the gutter and where it had stood there was only curbing .
tr	O	当他全神贯注于工作时，时间流逝，并且清晨消逝了。
tr	O	艾莉西亚把普鲁登斯抱在一条腿上，并且他们一起去探索那艘船。
tr	I	I do slow my pace , but I don 't answer him .
tr	O	我想要的是诚实，并且她就是。
tr	O	傻瓜，傻瓜，傻瓜……杰米曾试图劝阻他，但是他没有听。
tr	O	我在战斗中僵住了，并且我是说真的僵住了。
tr	O	我想要沉入水中，沉浸在悲伤中，但是它不肯让我。
tr	I	She knew he felt the shivers his touch caused but Eva tried very hard .
tr	O	火车会直接把我带进城里，但是一旦我到了那里，我将没有其他方向可循。
tr	I	Carol waited , and there was a moment of silence .
tr	I	They would respect our love ; but the world would adore him too .
tr	O	我的意思是你的孩子想上体操课，而且你丈夫甚至连那个都负担不起？
tr	O	我希望我能和他多待一会儿，但是过了一会儿他总是让我离开。
tr	O	他的脸色很严峻，但是当他发现我在看他时，他把目光移开了。
tr	O	她之前在看的那个官员已经靠近我们了，但是她没有注意到。
tr	O	最初的狂欢声从远处传来，并且几分钟内我们就能看到第一个敌村。
tr	O	詹娜什么都想不起来，除了她的脚很冷，但是她太尴尬了，不好意思脱掉靴子。
tr	O	它的墙壁漆成了绿色，并且一种轻松感涌上心头。
tr	I	It turned into a moan when he put his fingers inside me again , but I almost screamed at him .
tr	I	His expression was closed , but he nodded .
tr	O	她仍然摇了摇头，但是不相信的神情从她的表情中消失了。
tr	O	他的目光落在了我的嘴唇上，并且那些蓝眼睛因欲望而变暗了。
tr	O	我不知道我是谁，但是我 W不习惯这样的禁闭。
tr	O	我的心开始剧烈跳动，并且我祈祷我不会再经历那种恐慌发作。
tr	O	每个人都被逗乐了，但是这一次我又不太确定自己是否明白了那个笑话。
tr	I	He quivered , and I trailed my fingernails through the curls , up the inside of his thighs .
tr	I	Hanging spaces , to make sure nothing had been left behind , and Bobby searched all the drawers .
tr	I	With a curse he leaped to the side , his tail twitching , and the lightning flashed toward him .
tr	I	The two women shut themselves in Cassidy 's bedroom so Iona could change , and Cassidy offered to lend Iona some clothes .
tr	O	仓库里没有多少人类守卫，并且他们躲藏了起来。
tr	O	她盯着他，吓得说不出话，但是即使她找到了声音，她又能说什么呢？
tr	O	他盯着自己的亲生儿子，脸上悲伤得快要流泪了，但是没有眼泪流出来。
tr	I	She squinted against the light and finally her eyelids flickered open .
tr	O	我重重地喘着气，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	O	他的舌头穿过她的嘴唇，并且他吻她吻得仿佛没有明天。
tr	O	他说他把门锁上了，并且我知道他会那样做的。
tr	I	Thousands had simply starved to death , and supplies had run dry .
tr	I	They rarely gave landing instructions , but the spaceport monitored all traffic .
tr	O	宿舍房间很小，但是看起来很舒服。
tr	O	她本可以使用实际日期而不是克莱的年龄，但是她想提醒卢卡斯他所抛弃的那个小男孩。
tr	O	随着时间的推移，休对那个男人的欣赏与日俱增，并且他经常向霍沃斯倾诉。
tr	I	Gradually he was beginning to enjoy it and he had found a link to his childhood .
tr	O	托尼也知道，但是他们暂时保守着这个秘密。
tr	I	His hands dropped , pulling her down as fingers dragged in her hair and his beautiful eyes rolled back into his head .
tr	O	然后她吸了一口气，并且她的眼睛睁得更大了。
tr	I	I continued , after another swig of beer , but Aisha was about to say something .
tr	O	我相信我是对的，并且其他人都是错的。
tr	O	她说是腌制的梅子，并且我们可以在路上吃掉它们。
tr	I	I know you don 't feel that way but what I want to do is throw my arms around you .
tr	I	To work through it and the pain I had felt the last time I pushed it was something the therapist said I should expect .
tr	O	马特停了下来，感觉更不舒服了，并且塞思站在他身边。
tr	O	我永远无法这样出去，但是我拒绝让他们带我走向死亡。
tr	O	她想后退一步，但是她不会让他看到她慌乱而感到满意。
tr	I	She seemed more interested in the high risers than us talking about being wasted and I glanced over at Bryn .
tr	O	无论是谁，似乎都消失了...，或者他正藏在房子里的某个地方。
tr	O	我把手伸进他的手里时他点了点头，并且他把我拉向他。
tr	O	当然，他实际上在那里并不安全，但是历史会。
tr	O	大部分血液已经凝固，伤口闭合了，但是有些已经渗入了她的头发。
tr	I	Something had locked in her throat , but other questions wanted to burst out of her .
tr	I	Each took a long one and they figured out how to get the shower working .
tr	O	他的视线模糊了，并且他无法吸入足够的空气，喉咙正在收紧。
tr	I	Her husband had been adamant about it , but she never wanted to run a farm .
tr	I	His eyes grew wide and Danvers looked down .
tr	O	他们将木制外壳放入深坑中，卡塔利娜抽泣着，并且克劳迪奥抱着她。
tr	O	这种兴奋是不同的，并且我不知道该想些什么。
tr	I	He crushed her to his chest and she shivered even though she was flushed .
tr	I	She made no move to get in , but he opened the passenger door for her .
tr	I	We enjoy being out of the house and I get a strawberry milkshake .
tr	I	She was unsure about telling Jenna , but she knew what the letters meant .
tr	I	It wasn 't finding any and my mind was grabbing for good news .
tr	I	The undertow dragged him out to sea , and it was most likely then that Nicky was thrown out of the car , probably unconscious .
tr	O	烧烤已经结束好几个小时了，并且他完全没有出现。
tr	I	She remained in a heap , weeping , but the footman tried to coax Grace to her feet .
tr	I	He knew it , and he looked good .
tr	I	Carlo tried again and she stirred slightly .
tr	I	The special ends in two weeks if that 's fine , but we have one special at present .
tr	I	Then she lifted her head from my chest , and we moved in a circle , not speaking .
tr	I	She answered in kind , and some of them spoke the Navajo language to her .
tr	O	巫师集会可以真的利用他们的力量，但是她相当肯定麦克奈尔不会梦想放弃他的自由。
tr	I	Nathan puts the key in his palm and Isaac holds out his hand to Nathan .
tr	O	他伸向我，用他的爪子摸索着，并且我沿着河岸顶部逃走了。
tr	O	我又有点恼火了，而且弗林似乎感觉到了。
tr	O	我会和你们俩待一会儿，但是之后我需要去餐厅。
tr	I	Back forcing him to pull his eyes away and a cold prickle ran up Jacobs ' neck .
tr	I	You never know with these people , but I doubt she will .
tr	I	Sam jerked me away and he reached out to touch me .
tr	O	丽莎在前面睡觉，而且她的细微声音让我发疯。
tr	I	At least it kept the rain off Jack 's face , but the slicker offered little protection .
tr	O	现在这位年轻的骑士能够使用进攻策略，而且他惊人的速度是他的优势。
tr	O	他与她目光相接，而且她能看到一些东西。
tr	O	人群中有些抗议，但是艾莉亚的愤怒似乎压制住了大多数的声音。
tr	I	Elena thought she had better speed things up , and Meredith 's hands were bal ing into fists .
tr	O	他认为他知道他内心称之为这种脾气的原因，并且她此刻对他特别有吸引力。
tr	O	我的手心出汗，并且我的双膝颤抖。
tr	I	She didn 't look back , but Thomas looked at Brenda .
tr	O	官方来说，他是Saucy Lady's Naughty Boy，但是我们不会在马厩里使用这个完整的称呼。
tr	I	I 'm used to being responsible for holding it all by myself and it 's like there 's a certain amount of stress appointed to every situation .
tr	O	户外活动进一步扩展，并且很快亚历克斯就知道了所有周边地区。
tr	O	我没有皮条客，并且没有人找我。
tr	I	I swallowed hard , resisting the urge to yell and the burn started to scream down my entire body .
tr	O	他低下头，并且他的嘴唇紧贴着她疼痛的乳头。
tr	O	他关掉了灯，并且柔和的阴影笼罩着我们。
tr	I	Our skins were growing slick with rain and the trees were no longer protecting us .
tr	O	他慢慢地低下头，并且他的目光从未离开我的眼睛。
tr	I	Her heart beat slightly faster , and Echo felt her own eyes widen .
tr	O	他把手指滑过我的手腕，并且他的皮肤轻触我的，让我的肌肉像热的融化黄油一样化开。
tr	I	When I scratched at it , it started to bleed , and a mole on the back of my calf started to itch .
tr	O	那个男人笑了，并且那个声音对丹产生了几乎神奇的效果。
tr	I	I want nothing more than to lean into it , and she 's done that since I was a kid .
tr	O	一位圣诞老人正在他的宝座上接见访客，并且队伍移动得非常缓慢。
tr	I	She found it funny , and she could feel his confusion .
tr	O	你可以争论到声嘶力竭，但是那也无济于事。
tr	I	Our case workers were called , and CHAPTER 16 The police had the ambulances take all of us to the hospital to be checked out .
tr	O	我向她喊了一声，并且她跑下了走廊。
tr	I	The practical part of my brain had shut down a while ago , but part of me wanted to run .
tr	O	我昨天午饭给他买了个汉堡，并且他大约三口就把它狼吞虎咽地吃完了。
tr	O	他离开时有些不对劲，但是他想不起来到底出了什么问题。
tr	O	我的声音沙哑，并且我紧握双拳。
tr	O	他现在她和他在一起了，但是即使那样也不是他所希望的。
tr	I	The blackness comes , as it always does and the light fades away .
tr	O	他用舌头轻舔我的阴蒂，并且我呻吟了。
tr	O	明天，我们就要等着，并且船一动不动。
tr	I	For a moment I was sure I was going to fall again , but I knew I was being pulled back into the building .
tr	I	He thought I was nothing ; that I was ordinary , but not only did he not want to be with me .
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed on me , and she stepped into the room .
tr	I	It scares you and you 're close to losing her over this .
tr	I	Donald stepped inside and the door opened .
tr	I	Barry had been fully prepared to take it by force if he was caught , but it was bold .
tr	O	磁力是拯救世界的关键，但是它也可能导致卡特的垮台。
tr	O	我想把它拉下来，就像他拉我的那样，但是他真的一动不动。
tr	O	我父亲离开并且我母亲开始酗酒时，她把我抚养长大。
tr	O	那位好医生正在进行更多检查，但是截至目前，达拉斯情况稳定。
tr	O	他已经决定采取一种普遍性的方法，并且第一次尝试尚未取得成果。
tr	I	I saw everything -- I mean everything , and the water turned crystal clear !
tr	I	I would find her , and she would find it .
tr	I	She put her hand on the girls arm , and Mana turned to face her .
tr	I	Garrett looked over at the grill , and she giggled .
tr	I	I leave not a trace , and I cannot be seen .
tr	O	他在发表最后言论时面带微笑，但是他知道那会发生。
tr	I	In a matter of minutes we passed over the second bridge , and it was too early for anyone to be on the streets .
tr	O	我侧身面向茉莉，并且我听着她平稳的呼吸，在我最终说服她和我一起睡在床上之后。
tr	O	我知道再次提起它毫无意义，但是我不得不。
tr	O	我想对他说些什么，但是话语哽在我的喉咙里。
tr	I	He frowned , and I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	She would be as professional as he was , and this was a job interview , of course .
tr	O	她气恼地举起双手，并且他用手托住了她的下巴。
tr	O	他粗犷的外表可能已经改变了，但是她会在任何地方认出那种沙哑的语气。
tr	I	A flicker of playfulness appeared in his gaze , and our eyes connected .
tr	I	Then , she was called by Alonso , and Lea continued with her work in the gym .
tr	O	敌方弓箭手没有放慢她的速度，并且她的箭矢随着距离的缩短变得更加精准。
tr	O	他戴着一个包裹住眼睛的面具，但是他虹膜那亮丽的蓝色拒绝被它遮挡。
tr	I	We followed and Jones led .
tr	I	His face was a match to Nikolai 's in that moment , but Alexei was a businessman , not a hockey player .
tr	O	他的西装外套挂在椅背上，并且他的领结松松地系在他的脖子上。
tr	I	It had a steel bar across the front , but the thing wasn 't locked .
tr	O	她极其小心地伸手从右手抽下手套，并且Tessa第一次看到了她裸露的手。
tr	O	Timothy的灰眼睛变得静止了，但是它们没有显露出任何惊讶。
tr	I	He heard him swear , and Ben was behind him .
tr	I	She could recognize catastrophic damage when she saw it , but Nine wasn 't a biologist .
tr	I	I loved his determination and I loved his self-doubt .
tr	O	愧疚萦绕在她心头，但是她拒绝接受它。
tr	O	很高兴能担任您的机长，并且我要感谢您选择搭乘西南航空。
tr	O	她拉了一下，并且门就打开了。
tr	O	Damian的手环住Vira小得多的手，但是他惊讶地看到她如此平静。
tr	O	Claire试图和她说话，但是Abby似乎不想让她靠近。
tr	I	How distinctly different it was from the meat of the juicy sinewy bobcat , and he savored the raw flesh .
tr	O	那个男人有着惠特尼的脸，但是那绝不是他。
tr	O	他不喜欢这样，但是他靠着枕头躺了下来。
tr	O	她可以打扫...，但是她也已经做过了。
tr	I	He laughs at me and I tell him so .
tr	O	最近生活并不那么容易，但是他本来可能被困在兰德附近。
tr	O	他们的皮肤黑了很多，就像马尔西的皮肤一样，并且他们也瘦了很多。
tr	O	对于一个狼人来说，这是多么平凡的事情，但是它却像杀死任何人类一样杀死了他。
tr	O	艾瑞斯可能在这里，并且我们永远不会知道。
tr	O	他的身体继续抽搐，并且他倒在了地上。
tr	O	那个大汉奋力抵抗而倒下，但是他根本不是对手。
tr	O	她的手抚上他的脸，并且她把嘴唇斜贴在他的唇上，对他敞开。
tr	I	I knew what I had to tell Tanner , but I wasn 't sure what answer I was going to give him .
tr	I	The rubber of his suit sticks to my skin and he gives me a quick hug .
tr	I	He was a baker and his name was John .
tr	O	他面向正确的方向，但是那里什么都没有。
tr	I	It smelled really fresh , and his cologne was carrying in the wind .
tr	I	You 're starting to look tired and we 're not watching this movie .
tr	I	He asked anyway , but he began to experience a horrible feeling about the thing in front of him .
tr	I	Magnus lifted his hands in mock surrender , and Jocelyn glared at him through her hair .
tr	O	我确信我的眼睛是睁开的，但是我却看不清任何一个物体。
tr	O	他走进房间深处，并且门在他身后关上了。
tr	O	他们已经逃亡了数日，并且随着他们的旅程进展，情况会变得更加困难。
tr	I	Tools were in their holsters by the workstations and mechanical arms stood at the ready .
tr	O	一只光滑温暖的手覆上她的手，并且凯文的气息拂过她的脸颊。
tr	I	Lynette 's mouth curved upward , and his resentful infatuation was touching .
tr	I	The hair at the nape of her neck bristled as she heard Rich walk toward her , and Jamie 's nerves were raw .
tr	O	天光已在我们四周破晓，并且晨光透过树林渗入。
tr	O	她不确定刚才发生了什么，但是她需要知道她所看到的是否真实。
tr	I	The sky is nearly black , the sunlight about to completely disappear behind the horizon and we have the air cranked up full blast .
tr	O	我已经给他又打了一轮止痛药，并且他正仰卧着打鼾。
tr	I	Keep your eyes open , but Keep quiet about it .
tr	O	格奥尔基知道出了问题，因为她以前经历过一次，并且那一次，孩子直接就出来了。
tr	I	Alex catches me and my knees buckle .
tr	I	When his seeking fingers entered to caress , Sarah arched in pleasure sweeter than she had ever imagined , and this time there was no hesitation .
tr	I	A ball of flame appeared , and Sydney held out her palm .
tr	O	奇怪的是，他对她持续的沉默似乎有些失望，但是然后他翻开了书到他标记的那一页。
tr	I	The air had an odd smell to it , and they looked like highly polished rock , actually .
tr	I	I don 't listen , but Sean 's voice is in my ear .
tr	O	这对我来说非常特别，并且你知道的。
tr	I	Ali was out with Nick , and it was later that afternoon .
tr	O	他蜷缩在一个大约篮球大小的空间里，并且他用惊恐的眼神看着我。
tr	O	甲板在技术员脚下颠簸了一下，并且他不得不扶着控制台稳住自己。
tr	O	疲惫已经超越了在他每个细胞中嗡嗡作响的饱足感，缠绕着他，但是他不想错过任何事情。
tr	I	I should be screaming down the house for help and I haven 't decided if you 're a certified nutcase .
tr	O	我可以自己拿到那些东西，并且显然，你也可以。
tr	I	He was playing for time , but a weak lie .
tr	I	It was enough , but his whole lecture probably didn 't exceed three sentences .
tr	O	她拉扯着她的手，但是他没有放开。
tr	I	She did as he said , but Liliana glared daggers at her son .
tr	I	I got the feeling it had been running for a while , and it was panting hard .
tr	O	他将观察仪的目镜凑到眼前，并且他的手指熟练地操作着控制装置。
tr	I	They faded out of sight as quickly as they had appeared , but I reached out to touch them .
tr	O	他刚找到她，并且他想留住她。
tr	O	当我们都需要艾玛的时候她跑掉了，并且她造成了这一半的烂摊子。
tr	O	哈利说，我猛地转向他。
tr	O	当然她总能找到另一份工作，但是她不喜欢那个想法。
tr	O	她没有以问题的形式说出来，但是我还是回答了。
tr	I	He knew that giving himself that title would antagonize me enough to draw me into an argument , and he wanted to talk to me in private .
tr	O	我很想告诉你最初的吸引是相互的，但是如果我那样说我就是在撒谎。
tr	O	她所有的虚张声势都被抹去了，并且她像手中握着的毛巾一样瘫软。
tr	O	他的愤怒正在消退，尽管缓慢，并且现在他高度集中的注意力将助他走向胜利。
tr	O	是有问题，是的，并且我不是说我不在乎它们，因为我确实在乎。
tr	O	我的手机震动了，并且我把它从口袋里掏了出来。
tr	O	那会是懦弱的，并且这个男人已经不止一次看到她软弱的样子了。
tr	I	He cracked up and I opened the door .
tr	I	She walks away with her head lowered and her shoulders slump forward .
tr	I	For one split second I was pleased by his reaction , and it was Neil 's turn to look at me in shock .
tr	I	I put my hands out to stop her and she started to take a step towards me .
tr	O	一根手指探入她体内，并且她从床上猛地弹起。
tr	O	深吸一口气，并且我们看看能否解决一些事情。
tr	O	我的继父还活着，还在农场里，但是 我从战场回来后就没见过他了。
tr	I	She was taking absolutely no chances , but it was a great embarrassment to be seen in public without her gloves .
tr	I	A bunch more were just plain terrible , but a couple things were pretty good .
tr	I	It was better than nothing , but it probably wouldn 't do much good .
tr	I	She had to catch herself from falling over and the cold air rushed her body from the loss of his warmth .
tr	I	They 've been in hiding , but we saw their ship arrive .
tr	O	入侵者死了，并且 詹姆斯在监狱里。
tr	O	盯着他看可能不会奏效，但是 我不想冒任何风险。
tr	O	菲利普又陷入了沮丧，并且 安布罗斯只是继续观察着所有的活动。
tr	O	我又感觉到奥尼克斯在我身后，并且 他同情地看着我。
tr	O	我伸手去拿票，但是 票太远了。
tr	I	I could see the manager was getting hooked in as well and real life had no part in this .
tr	I	There were no hotels in that village and she was happy to have us there .
tr	I	Neither of us says anything for a long while and Edward drives away .
tr	O	波斯湾时间早三小时，并且 我们的时间是十八日晚上。
tr	I	I kept telling her to stop before she made my father mad , and she cried until she choked on her own tears .
tr	I	Something in her eyes was getting to me , but she shrugged again .
tr	I	They couldn 't discuss what had happened , but Adelaide exchanged a look with her mother .
tr	I	She told me not to worry , but I told Historia about my concerns .
tr	I	It will definitely be safer to travel together , and maybe people we would eventually have lost anyway .
tr	O	它运作起来几乎和罗米说的一模一样，并且 等到巨型刺猬冲上球场时，我几乎已经把它忽略了。
tr	I	As the older cousin , I would be blamed , and I knew our parents wouldn 't be happy .
tr	O	她不能再让那孩子失望了，并且了解昆汀的话，他可能已经做出承诺了。
tr	I	As Alpha he wasn 't going to let that happen , but the rash of recent killings could have destroyed many other packs .
tr	I	He has unfinished business , and the Reverend Harmon Smith has come back more than century after his last missionary trip .
tr	I	I faded from the scene and things started to go black .
tr	O	它现在已经脱落了，并且门也开着。
tr	O	只花了很短几分钟就把火势控制住了，并且很快一切都平息了。
tr	I	Fin on Duncan 's left , and Cassy sat on her right .
tr	O	戴夫减小了动力，并且我们沿着海岸线缓慢行驶，紧贴着布里奇斯礁以北大陆的岸边。
tr	I	There she was and Doctor Dumont pulled the lever again .
tr	I	His eyes ended up pleading instead , but he tried to make his face stern .
tr	I	By then , Torin had already vanished from the mirror , but she stepped out of the kitchen .
tr	O	我不适合做这个，并且我也拒绝利用你。
tr	O	他静静地坐着，并且他感觉到怒气正在离开他。
tr	O	亚丁不信任那个人，但是他还是拍了拍他们的手掌。
tr	I	She concentrated on keeping up and the pygmies led the way into the forest .
tr	O	门发出嗖的一声，并且尼克飞奔下楼。
tr	I	There is only one of these which he is free to disobey but each man is at every moment subjected to several different sets of law .
tr	O	就在那时，她身后传来一声巨响，并且一个声音在咒骂。
tr	I	The sails rippled , and the breeze slackened .
tr	O	这让凯瑟琳夫人不得不承诺接待国王的叔叔，并且即便如此，她又能对一个年轻的女仆寄予怎样的信任呢？
tr	O	好吧，所以他的恋情通常在大约六个月后就自行毁灭了，但是这不意味着他没有努力过。
tr	O	她不记得自己的梦，但是她仍然睡不好。
tr	O	他又朝她走近一步，并且她后退了一步。
tr	O	他环顾了一下房间，并且我又举起了手。
tr	I	She needed to distract herself while she had the time and there was an hour before he would be back .
tr	O	我的怀疑得到证实后，我退缩了，并且我想让他感觉好一些。
tr	I	Sean opens his at exactly the same time , and I open my eyes .
tr	O	山上只有一定数量的鹿，并且如果我们狩猎得当，鹿群就能保持在可持续的规模。
tr	O	他本可以雇一把椅子抬他，但是经过数月海上航行后，他很乐意有机会伸展双腿。
tr	O	他派我来谈生意，而且你也是来谈生意的。
tr	O	我把保罗介绍给所有人，并且他们都热情地欢迎了他。
tr	O	说出来感觉很尴尬，但是我不知道为什么。
tr	O	我试着把这件事当成一个玩笑，但是说出来却听起来很蠢。
tr	O	他的名字叫布雷迪，并且他在莉（Leigh）喝了几杯啤酒的时候照看着她。
tr	I	He looked down at it , and she put a hand on his knee .
tr	I	We arrive home around 5 a.m. and we drive all through the night .
tr	O	它有一个泥土地面，并且吧台是用一根横跨两个水桶的船用木材制成的。
tr	I	She ground against him , unable to deny the pull between them and her hands flew to the back of his head .
tr	O	他对她的蠢笑话笑了笑，并且一种温暖、幸福的感觉涌上她的心头。
tr	I	It seems he believes in you , but you may not believe in him .
tr	O	我擅长恨人，但是迪恩从不强求。
tr	O	和一个墨西哥人私奔不是世界上最聪明的事，但是这不算犯罪。
tr	I	He is the only child of Johnny 's much loved older sister but Vincent is a bit of an idiot .
tr	O	这房子几乎和办公室一样近，并且她怀疑布奇会认为她会逃到那里。
tr	O	我的胃开始疼痛，并且我的心跳开始加速。
tr	O	它很烫，并且那是咖啡。
tr	O	他们会把他殴打致死，那将是毫无意义且徒劳的，并且他所有的准备都将毫无意义。
tr	O	他可能仍然是不死之身，但是趁他躺着时我们可以溜进去。
tr	O	安迪把你的车开回来了，苏琪，并且他问我是否会把你的钥匙给你。
tr	O	皱着眉，我瞥了一眼米兰达，并且我猜想她是否睡着了。
tr	I	Even now , I 'm at a loss to explain them , and these inconsistencies have always puzzled me .
tr	I	She kept her voice light , but she felt a rollercoaster of emotions .
tr	O	几乎所有人都对他的领导力持怀疑态度，并且只有少数人对他的奇怪的剑感到敬畏。
tr	O	翅膀从他背上长了出来，并且他带着她飞过了布达佩斯。
tr	I	I can 't help it , but I 'm grumbling now like a spoiled child .
tr	O	在过去，打完电话后你可以询问费用，但是我怀疑现在是否适用。
tr	I	Mary wrapped her arms around the young woman , and she stopped swinging .
tr	I	The recount still gave the Republican a victory , and the Republican candidate won in a close race .
tr	O	我又一次看着詹姆斯搭帐篷，但是这次我的兄弟死了。
tr	I	There is no point in placing the man 's simulacrum there , but I can show you what is on the other side of the door .
tr	O	我不知道该如何解释，但是他有那种……眼神。
tr	I	Kenny didn 't want to get lost and it was impossible to tell .
tr	O	她的金色卷发扎成了凌乱的半马尾，并且她玩弄着T恤的下摆。
tr	O	你拯救了生命，而且我夺走了它们。
tr	I	I was so cold , and he was so warm .
tr	O	Maddy 身材丰满，并且这条裙子完美地勾勒出她的身形。
tr	O	我的呼吸平稳了下来，并且恐慌消退了。
tr	O	音乐停止了，并且门把手突然轻松地转动了。
tr	O	她已经失去了一位父母，而且现在她又要失去另一位了。
tr	O	某种无法穿透的力场包围着那个女人，而且他没有时间去检查它的弱点。
tr	I	I try to stop by on Wednesdays and Margaret usually visits Mom on Mondays .
tr	I	There weren 't any words for the bigger stuff anymore , but it seemed stupid to be talking about this stuff .
tr	I	My strength went the same direction , and my voice left me .
tr	I	It spreads throughout the room and smiles the younger one with a smile .
tr	I	I didn 't ... so yeah , it 's not her fault , but I should have woken her up .
tr	I	She could feel the reaction building despite her attempts to keep control , and her body was rebelling .
tr	O	我不是每次玩的时候都这样做，但是我手头很紧。
tr	O	他的心促使他打电话，但是他不敢打这个电话。
tr	O	他感到自己的一部分确定性正在流失，然而他仍然坚定地走在自己的道路上。
tr	O	我不会眨眼，并且它也不能。
tr	I	The unbroken light illuminated the stage and the birds overhead once again scattered .
tr	I	Still I am here , and 17 Ira Evening again .
tr	I	Sweater , applied a bit of makeup , brushed her hair and Rosemary had dressed Brittany in her favorite lavender skirt .
tr	O	她的臀部回应着他舌头低处的轻舔，并且她同时在他嘴边呻吟。
tr	I	The assembly lines ground to a halt , and everyone who saw the glorious creature stopped working .
tr	I	From the looks of things , he 'd landed a few blows , and one of Mrs. Bethany 's loyalists was swinging at him , repeatedly .
tr	I	She started south , but Gretel nodded in silence .
tr	O	摩西并不知道，但是他服从了，缓慢地驾车驶离了十字路口。
tr	I	It fell to the ground and he deftly unhooked her bra .
tr	I	His fingers trembled , betraying his fury and Graeme held up his hand for silence .
tr	O	那个夜晚非常凉爽，但是他们最终还是睡着了。
tr	I	He moved her hand down to cup his balls and she ran her tongue down his shaft .
tr	I	A line of clouds was visible on the horizon and darkness was approaching .
tr	I	Grace wondered about that , but Pat had said it was made from molten sand .
tr	I	She shrugs me off , but I try with her .
tr	O	她又梦到了那个金发女郎，并且现在她确信马克结婚了。
tr	I	At the same time , he was completely alone , but he felt surrounded by the towering architecture .
tr	O	他硬得不可思议，但是他没有高潮。
tr	I	She looked pretty that way , her hair falling out of place , a few strands hanging into her face but her smile squinted her eyes .
tr	O	灯光部分恢复了，并且她能看见他了。
tr	O	他迅速转过头，瞥了她一眼，并且她因他凝视的强烈而明显地颤抖。
tr	O	他盯着我，并且他的眉毛皱了起来。
tr	O	萨拉知道这是一种标准做法，但是过去卡罗琳一直主动提供这类信息。
tr	I	Twirling the pipe in his hands , very anxious to get their day started and Ellis continued to pace around the kitchen .
tr	O	我会看守羽毛，并且我会立刻给丽莎·马丁打电话。
tr	O	球棒沉重的一端砸在地上，并且阿马拉抓住了向她弹来的长球棒的握把。
tr	O	她瞥了一眼窗外，那里微风呼啸，而且黑暗难以穿透。
tr	I	I love Finn too , but I might be in love with Grey , deeply .
tr	I	Nobody knows exactly how long a second is without a clock , but what you just gave me was very well near a second .
tr	I	She knew he was far from it , but he appeared relaxed .
tr	I	Peter being such good players and Sakura wondered how they were going to win with Sebastian , Hayden , Nicolas , Richard , .
tr	O	他们抓了我的兄弟，并且他们抓了我的女孩。
tr	I	She hadn 't thought much about it , but she 'd missed a call from him late last night .
tr	I	A few pitchers of beer did sound like a good plan and he was mostly joking .
tr	I	He frowned and a groan interrupted him .
tr	I	I just see her and I look at her .
tr	O	她低下了头，并且她的脸绷紧了。
tr	I	More blood seeped between the stitches and he sagged forward .
tr	I	I avoided his devoted looks , and I didn 't look at him much .
tr	I	He was pleased , and Darcy knew he made her feel good .
tr	I	Slivers of troubled yearning ghosted across her subconscious , but he watched her , his face wearing its usual hooded expression .
tr	O	她前一个周末和尼莎一起度过，而且她看起来一点也不悲伤。
tr	O	她拿走了我的一切，并且她会付出代价的。
tr	I	I could deal with it on my own time , but I was sure I looked a mess .
tr	I	I think about it and I 'm in bed .
tr	I	He had pulled away from me twice but so bad I wanted to touch him .
tr	O	他的手托住了我的臀部，并且他轻轻地拍打着。
tr	O	我的头猛地一甩，并且汽车打转了。
tr	O	震耳欲聋的爆炸声得到了聚集的男人们的咆哮回应，并且如同一个人般，他们骑马离开了村庄。
tr	O	有一个瞬间，她抬头看着他的眼睛，并且他低头看着她的眼睛。
tr	O	一个年轻女人的声音说，并且尽管她说话很用力，她没有提高音量。
tr	O	监狱理发师刮掉了丹的胡子，并且随后将他的头发剪成了规定的一英寸长度。
tr	I	Lily immediately regretted it , and the retort was instinctual .
tr	I	It hit him , and he tilted his head to consider the eye .
tr	O	她表现得很奇怪，并且她的脸色憔悴。
tr	I	Several times , I almost fell asleep , and my eyes grew heavy .
tr	O	母亲在她的房间里等我和我的兄弟姐妹。
tr	I	Its drapes were closed , but there was a window .
tr	O	它从她的嘴里掉了出来，并且瑞秋舔了舔她干裂的嘴唇。
tr	I	Low watt lights were working inside emergency exit signs above both stairway doors , but the ceiling lights were off .
tr	O	哦，她以为她知道男人想要什么，并且在大多数情况下她对此是正确的。
tr	O	杰西站在窗边，敬畏地看着片状闪电划破黑暗，并且雷声紧随其后轰鸣。
tr	I	The trees shivered and lightning forked overhead .
tr	O	我撅起嘴唇，但是我没有回答。
tr	O	我有很多事情要做，并且我周一之前不会回来。
tr	O	她突然喊道，但是我以一种我们都不理解的紧迫感投入阅读。
tr	I	She gathered herself , squirming with surprising strength out of my grasp and her eyes opened .
tr	I	His arm went around me and I laid my head on his heart .
tr	I	I had a late exam , long after most of the out-of-town students had already left for Christmas vacation and my girlfriend Claire .
tr	O	我知道你的天性是承担所有责任，但是你真的不能让那让你走向如此极端！
tr	O	那是一个非常庄重、非常私密的专属仪式，并且他们沉浸在喜悦中，完全没有察觉到任何危险。
tr	O	小小的绿色花蕾点缀着其中一些，但是其他的仍然光秃秃的。
tr	I	I could see where the page had been ripped from his notebook and the handwriting on the piece of paper was unmistakably his though , .
tr	O	我现在一直想要鸦片，并且在我得不到它的时候会很痛苦。
tr	O	我的母性本能被激发了，并且愤怒在我内心涌起。
tr	O	我没有躲避他的目光，但是我也没强迫他进行瞪眼比赛。
tr	I	There were almost no people out there and it was already a very late evening .
tr	O	奥拉不知道可怜的奎妮小姐是什么意思，但是她很高兴自己给出了正确的回答。
tr	O	他瘦了一点，并且护士们今天早上给他剃了头。
tr	I	I scrutinized it carefully and he handed it over .
tr	O	这项工作是侦察，但是考虑到他们单位规模很小，死亡商人总是重装上阵。
tr	I	Then a sly smile spread across my face , and my mind was reeling with this new information .
tr	O	我伸手去触摸她，并且她畏缩了回去，一声痛苦的呻吟从她唇间逸出。
tr	I	She twisted the strings of a matching reticule in her lap and an elaborately decorated hat rested on the carved wooden side table .
tr	O	冬日的潮湿消磨了我们的冒险兴致，并且我们只能彼此依偎。
tr	O	我会把一切都脱口而出，并且事情会弄巧成拙。
tr	O	我们找了个雅座，并且一位娇小、黑发的服务员滑步过来点餐。
tr	O	他明天会给它上漆，等所有的油漆都干了之后，但是它基本上已经完成了。
tr	I	He didn 't shoot but Lenny was aggravated .
tr	I	He had been helpless to stop her , and he felt her leaving him .
tr	O	房间的其他地方有点乱，但是这面白墙很整洁，清晰地划分开了区域。
tr	O	我上去了，并且它开走了。
tr	O	他说，但是他害怕我真的会。
tr	O	一个女人把婴儿递上来，并且我们小跑着离开了。
tr	I	Then I felt the door unlocking , and it got quiet for a few minutes .
tr	I	The rooms were as I had left them that morning and the hallway outside the apartment was deserted .
tr	I	He crumpled to the ground , and something hit him hard in the mouth .
tr	O	艾比试图坐起来，但是她的身体拒绝配合。
tr	O	我没有看到他的朋友们，但是我知道他们就在外面。
tr	I	He started talking as if to himself and he was sitting by her thighs .
tr	O	我不确定是谁想出来的，但是那是个愚蠢的主意。
tr	O	她有一个非常坚硬的外壳，但是我从那个吻中想起了一些东西。
tr	O	很久很久以前，他曾被给予了另一次机会，并且最近，需要让它变得重要的压力感更沉重了。
tr	I	Jackson had a determined look on his face , but the last thing I wanted was to have this conversation at the start of a holiday weekend .
tr	O	一个水桶被放在他的头下，并且另一个水桶被放在他的臀部下面。
tr	O	她很迷人，一如既往，但是她一直承受的紧张情绪使她的脸今天显得苍白。
tr	I	All the words blend together : football , a party , more football , but they go back to talking .
tr	I	My arm hates me for it and I don 't think about anything .
tr	I	I didn 't have a lot to compare it to , but the room wasn 't much to look at .
tr	O	马库斯告诉他会给厨师小费，并且朱塞佩先生表示赞同。
tr	O	有人从里面推门，但是他没有反应。
tr	I	That inner voice drew at her , but she would like nothing better than to spend the evening running around the fair like a carefree teenager .
tr	I	I climb back in and he pats the bed .
tr	I	I couldn 't help calling her name , but she rushed away .
tr	O	萨迪知道她必须尽快做点什么，当他们再次出现时，或者她可能会失去他。
tr	I	It clearly had not been an accurate prediction , and she had expected to be better by now .
tr	I	I incline my head a centimeter , and her eyes dart to mine for assurance .
tr	I	I struggled even harder , and I heard whoever had me grunt in pain .
tr	I	I all could do was groan quietly as she muttered to herself and she accidently stepped on my fingers a few times .
tr	I	I yawned , struggling to stay awake as James led the way , and the city of Athens glowed in the distance .
tr	O	我不知道庇护所里的生活会是怎样的，但是我知道它会和我的旧生活截然不同。
tr	I	They were almost more than he could bear , and when he pulled back , he found tears in her eyes .
tr	O	那当然没有奏效，并且他开始感到绝望。
tr	I	In this instance , it wasn 't necessary , but he might not be able to read her mind .
tr	I	It wasn 't moving as smoothly as before , but at first glance it didn 't seem to take damage .
tr	I	I grabbed him by the ankles , and Eddie looked at me funny , then grabbed Curtis under the arms .
tr	O	他不同意，但是阻止它是不可能的。
tr	I	Sebastian 's angular face looked out , and the mist inside the mirror coalesced .
tr	I	They were a little late arriving , but he was supposed to meet them here tonight .
tr	I	Even her own , to sway her , or she couldn 't allow Ty 's fear .
tr	I	He fell to where the wood was already wet , his face splashing into a wash of incoming seawater , and I let him drop .
tr	O	我准备上楼，并且伊恩阻止了我。
tr	O	我想告诉他我多么享受我们的夜晚，但是这些话在我脑海中听起来很蹩脚。
tr	O	我的意思是，我知道一些事情，你的父亲在你很小的时候就去世了，而且你小时候没有得到很多支持。
tr	O	我挣扎了，但是他太强壮了。
tr	I	All is war , and all is fair .
tr	O	那个青年帮派气势汹汹地站着，但是却是那个卷发、最小的男孩抓住机会发言。
tr	I	She did sound preoccupied , but she didn 't sound particularly unfriendly .
tr	O	处理楠和她的仇恨是交易的一部分。
tr	O	她知道我在洛杉矶，并且她知道我工作中和娱乐圈人士打交道。
tr	I	The only thing available was the pickaxe and he needed a weapon of some sort .
tr	O	引擎轰鸣，并且游艇加速，在它驶离他时，留下了一道泡沫翻滚的涟漪痕迹。
tr	O	他的脸变白了，并且他放下了武器。
tr	I	The cool air was nice on her face and the morning felt good .
tr	O	另外，他说法文带着一丝轻微的口音，但是什么样的口音，马格努斯却无法立刻辨别出来。
tr	O	只是，鉴于你和杰米的过往表现，这有点在意料之中。
tr	O	我转过身，并且二十二号几秒后也跟了上来。
tr	I	Sometimes the bus liked to come early , so she locked the door instead , but she considered going back inside to get her umbrella .
tr	I	The heart was just as big , but the horse might have a simpler mind .
tr	O	他们的白日可能属于他们所侍奉的王国，但是他们的夜晚只属于彼此。
tr	I	She went into the bathroom to move her son into bed , and The worry she carried with her drew closer to the surface .
tr	O	他爱她，尽管她做过什么，然而他拒绝原谅她。
tr	O	有些人提着购物袋，并且另一些人在招揽出租车。
tr	I	I felt helpless because of it , and a miracle had saved her , not me .
tr	I	Katie still felt justified in her anger , but they weren 't even a real couple .
tr	O	她对远古人类的憎恨，以及他们对她生活造成的永久改变，演变成一种罕见的仇恨。
tr	O	我想她可能是在谈论我爸爸，但是我没有勇气去问。
tr	I	Those families were mainly couples but I watched for other kids my age .
tr	I	He was already walking up to the steps on his own to start his day but she turned on Milton .
tr	I	I don 't want to be alone and that my sister was on duty .
tr	I	He was too busy watching her , looking concerned , to really participate in the conversation , but he sat next to her .
tr	I	None of us needed much light to find our way , but it was near dusk .
tr	I	I 'd felt how strong Salina was on the riverboat , but I imagined he would put up a good fight .
tr	I	Brian got up , and the bus pulled into a station .
tr	I	His mind seemed to be sifting through one idea after the next , and his eyes were already clouding over in thought , however .
tr	I	Sam 's empty dinner plate flung off the table , heading straight for Gemma , and Kimber glared at Gemma .
tr	O	有些家庭事务发生了，并且我不得不失联。
tr	O	丝带紧紧地攥在我的拳头里，并且我猛地一拉，意识到有些阻力。
tr	O	在这里他很像一个英雄，并且有大量的人群。
tr	O	这个吻是一个提议，并且我想要接受它。
tr	I	Boots took it very seriously and this was a big treat .
tr	I	Everyone laughed , and I asked .
tr	O	维丽蒂听到斯莱德·斯宾塞发出轻微的窃笑，并且她知道乔纳斯很难管住自己的嘴。
tr	O	受试者被迫去做，而且有些人从未从这些测试中完全恢复。
tr	I	I saw that it was a hedgehog , and closer still .
tr	O	她在水中站了起来，并且我感到我的血压升高了。
tr	O	丽兹抽身而退，从蒂娅脸上刻骨的仇恨中退缩，并且她内心升起了一丝短暂的反抗火花。
tr	I	I sure as hell didn 't give him a chance to see my expression , and I didn 't explain myself .
tr	I	I couldn 't have that happen in the Manor , and she was about to die .
tr	I	She stepped aside to let him in and she studied him for a long moment before her shoulders slumped .
tr	O	他将加入不死者的行列，而且将没有人能摧毁卢西安。
tr	I	It 's turned into a disaster , and he went Christmas shopping .
tr	O	它背上的毛竖了起来，并且它发出了低沉的警告性咆哮。
tr	O	当我抬头时，她正咬着下唇，并且她的眼睛聚焦在远方，船外的某个地方。
tr	I	Dante hadn 't put up any protest , and I 'd stolen the show .
tr	I	Abe reopened the flap , and Titus dropped his stare to the floor .
tr	I	My hands were shaking and my legs felt wobbly .
tr	O	我担心这可能是一份婴儿礼物，但是我什么也没说。
tr	O	她将永远是令人惊叹的源泉，但是这就是事情的全部。
tr	O	他回头看着我，眼神平视，但是他继续匆匆赶路。
tr	O	她子宫里的疼痛与日俱增，但是那是她唯一能尝试标记时间流逝的方式。
tr	O	珍妮又能看见了，并且她看到那团黑雾正在聚集、凝聚。
tr	I	Then he sighed a deep sigh , and Andrew was silent for a moment .
tr	O	她知道加勒特的爸爸不喜欢哈德利，并且她知道加勒特不知道哈德利的小可卡因问题。
tr	I	She didn 't understand what he was saying , but sure , Brick was apparently answering her question .
tr	I	It was good , but I didn 't know what I was eating .
tr	O	也许这是父亲的习惯，但是无论如何，我只希望它能改变。
tr	O	他是对的，而且我是错的。
tr	I	She didn 't want to make it any worse , and his frustration mounted with each swing of the ax .
tr	O	她坐在沙发上，而且沃恩也坐了过去，坐得如此之近，以至于他们的腿都碰到了。
tr	O	我的鼻子在流鼻涕，而且我擦不了。
tr	O	电话又响了，而且他割伤了手指。
tr	I	She carefully handed Lia over , cooing at her to meet her grandmother , and Mrs. Rhodes sat on the edge of Gabby 's bed .
tr	O	那真是了不起，但是如果你不介意我问的话，这一切是如何发生的。
tr	O	当我走开的时候，我回头看了一眼，而且我几乎看不到吉恩躺在地上，他的双手反剪在身后。
tr	I	She still felt a connection to it , but she knew it wasn 't technically hers .
tr	O	我非常努力地想联系他，但是这不可能。
tr	I	Any silo could be lost , and if Silo One could do that , then they were capable of anything .
tr	O	她的笑容告诉他她为他高兴，但是他知道她无论如何都会带他走。
tr	I	He didn 't know where to go from here , but that piece of information had led him to Sacramento .
tr	I	The stars were whirring by faster than before , and the ship slowly began to stop shaking .
tr	O	一股情绪的浪潮使他颤抖，并且他的手指在他把照片放回原位时颤抖着。
tr	I	An assault of pins stabbed up through the soles of my feet , and my legs had fall en asleep on the ride .
tr	O	他的舌头要求进入，并且她给了。
tr	O	脉动的电流稳步增强着，并且我的血液感觉像有一股能量流冲过。
tr	I	The general sentiment was moving towards rage quickly , but the populace was more confused than angry at the news .
tr	O	我收到了朋友们的试探性短信，但是没有人想提起这个话题。
tr	I	I had missed old times , and it was like old times .
tr	I	She hoisted herself up into the tree , and one leg made it over the branch .
tr	I	Mutt lay screening on the deck , and the rear of the speedboat was engulfed in flames .
tr	I	Before my hand has dropped , the door opens , and I knock lightly on Dham 's door .
tr	O	海莉的默许很好，但是他不需要它。
tr	O	这次遭遇几乎刚开始就结束了，然而它至今仍困扰着他。
tr	O	她只有十六岁，而且我不能带她走。
tr	I	The thought of joining them forever scared me deeply , but maybe it was crazy to still be frightened of ghosts after I 'd become one myself .
tr	O	她的思绪回到了小学，并且她眯起眼睛审视着他。
tr	O	阿尔不是一个特别魁梧的家伙，但是他眼中总是带着那种疯狂的神色？
tr	I	I couldn 't take it anymore , but the words came out louder than I 'd meant .
tr	I	It looked like it had been down here for a very long time and this was clearly not its normal habitat .
tr	O	我有一个空房间，而且已经都准备好了。
tr	I	Maybe I was wrong , but I 'd always assumed it was me causing the electric sensation .
tr	I	I found myself unbelievably attracted to him and Devon was a complete gentleman throughout dinner .
tr	I	She throttled up the speed as she raced away and her thighs curved around the body of the bike .
tr	O	我知道情况会很难看，并且我试图为我即将面对的现实做好准备。
tr	I	An empty ache filled her belly and the smile faded .
tr	O	这样做需要时间，并且它必须是一项未被察觉的活动。
tr	O	在他们得到答案之前，很遗憾地说，但是我想骚乱会在这里继续下去。
tr	O	抽屉看起来一团糟，但是费罗斯清楚地知道每件物品的位置。
tr	O	她心里有一个目的地，并且现在她终于看到了它。
tr	O	莎拉的眼睛睁得很大，并且她的脸变得苍白。
tr	I	There 's something there , some carnal attraction , but I try not to let him get to me .
tr	O	艾米丽最有可能死在的建筑和地铁施工现场仅相隔几个街区。
tr	O	油漆正在剥落，并且屋顶年久失修。
tr	I	The smoke forced them into a crawl , and a torch had been thrown through the broken scullery window .
tr	O	岁月流逝，并且没有金马车驶过伦敦工人阶级的后街小巷。
tr	O	看你一眼，卡修斯就能看出她出了什么事。
tr	I	He pulled away , but I tried to reach out to him .
tr	O	天空是深紫色的，并且还没有月亮，所以地面没有了它往常那鬼魅般的光芒。
tr	I	It had taken off and by then she 'd started her business .
tr	I	The most forward members of the public would stop the amputees to ask , and something was happening .
tr	I	I stayed honest , but I worked to make my voice lighter .
tr	I	I don 't leave , but he isn 't there .
tr	O	茱莉亚在我亲吻她脸颊，并且我摇了杰克的手时笑了。
tr	O	特伦顿威胁性地向前迈了一步，并且查德感到肾上腺素飙升。
tr	O	她今晚穿得很实用，但是她仍然涂着鲜艳的粉色口红。
tr	O	他们试图搬家两次，但是雨水一直跟着他们。
tr	I	It was not Staffan , but she looked up , heart in her throat .
tr	I	Her words were lost in the screams , but she was saying something .
tr	O	雅克不知道那是什么，但是他确信有隐藏的危险。
tr	O	它很容易切开金属盒上的钢锁，并且我小心翼翼地在它落地前接住了它。
tr	I	My supernatural sight allowed me to see but the path was dark .
tr	I	It had quickly become one of our favorite spots , and we had come here on our first outing together .
tr	I	He has a crooked smile , and his face is too craggy .
tr	O	卢卡把她抱进怀里，并且我陪着他把她抱回她的套房。
tr	O	他死于车祸，就像你母亲告诉你的那样，但是她从不认识他。
tr	O	起初这种感觉让我恶心，但是我很快就适应了。
tr	O	深入她的私处，并且她的头向后仰，因为她喜欢他手指滑入的感觉。
tr	I	It never bothered me , but Never know why .
tr	O	她通常带着金妮，并且她也和西蒙一样，希望她的女儿受到保护。
tr	I	She didn 't like me , and I didn 't like her .
tr	I	He should be just fine , but he 'll have to go easy on that paw for a little while .
tr	O	它与我自己的标记不同，但是它所代表的意义却昭然若揭。
tr	I	Her pulse rate tripled , and he pinned her with his dark , steady gaze .
tr	O	小路尘土飞扬，并且他没有看到任何足迹。
tr	O	他首先看向科林，眉毛因惊讶而上扬，并且他的目光随即转向了内尔。
tr	O	米里亚姆等待着，但是没有进一步的交谈。
tr	O	她摔倒时，掉落了一对银袖扣，并且当他看到袖扣时，布兰登勋爵勃然大怒。
tr	I	The hostess handed them their menus and they sat down across from each other .
tr	I	There 's no reason for one to be preferable over another and any horse has four natural gaits - walk , trot , canter , gallop - .
tr	O	我踩下油门，并且那辆不只是一辆普通汽车的车立刻做出了反应，载着我们前往餐厅。
tr	O	她不情愿地从我的哈雷摩托车上下来，并且我系紧了我们的头盔。
tr	O	他的心房周围只有一片冰冷的黑暗，并且它似乎并不急于消散。
tr	O	被他抱着让我口水直流，并且他的问题让我心跳漏了一拍。
tr	O	他这个小小的举动让我平静下来，并且我强迫自己的手放松地放在iPad外壳上。
tr	I	I keep walking , but I hear a woman 's voice call out behind me .
tr	I	I just stared back and she was staring straight at me .
tr	I	There are no messages , but I check my phone a dozen times , some nagging feeling of disquiet tapping at my brain .
tr	O	她喘着粗气，并且她的腿很疼。
tr	O	我们都试着把它弄松，但是我们却没能成功。
tr	O	埃琳娜试图抬起自己，但是她却没有力气。
tr	O	他笑声低沉，并且这让我的腿发软。
tr	I	It gave her time to think , but it made her be patient which was hard once she felt better .
tr	O	她抓住了我的手臂，并且我随侍在她身侧，她威严地走出了房间。
tr	O	护卫队，除了一小撮幸存者，已被屠戮，并且马车被没收了。
tr	O	他没有看我，但是他回答了。
tr	O	我什么也没说，并且她俯身将她的嘴唇压在我的嘴唇上。
tr	O	我不需要任何关于诚实的明智建议，并且我绝对不需要陀思妥耶夫斯基的任何建议。
tr	I	The temperature was still in the low sixties , but the late morning sun was bright .
tr	O	他切断了自己，理论上是为了保护自己，但是实际上他所做的只是躲藏。
tr	O	我的房子很小，但是我有一个大院子。
tr	I	He cursed , his body tightening and her tongue flicked over his throat .
tr	I	That will give me enough time to get a few shots off and it will give us about ten seconds to blow right by him .
tr	I	Her body shook in ecstasy , and her breathing became fierce as she screamed my name .
tr	I	His face broke out into a smile , but he looked up at me with weary eyes .
tr	O	夜晚传来嚎叫声，并且伴随着军号声。
tr	O	她的笑容已经褪去，并且她的双眼充满了忧郁。
tr	O	炙热的微风将一缕深色卷发吹过他的额头，想必很痒，但是他没有把它拂开。
tr	O	他希望读那节经文足以平息他们的好奇心，但是事情并没有发生。
tr	O	我张开嘴想说话，但是所有的言语都被夺走了。
tr	O	他从未见过霍沃思如此震惊，并且他感到有点内疚。
tr	I	Therefore people had time to prepare and the Dax 's Horde had been seen .
tr	I	He knew most women were , but Gio wasn 't impressed by either .
tr	I	Boys did not cry , especially not in public , and he had reminded her that she was a boy .
tr	O	没过多久他们就进入了洞穴，并且三个篮子发出吱吱声，作为她身份的信号。
tr	O	我看到陆地了，而且那是——哇！
tr	I	You can stay at home with Cammie and I can pick up a waitressing job .
tr	I	The crashing down was very bad , but these calls made Sally very elated .
tr	I	He was surprised that they were indeed open , even on New Year 's Eve and the store advertised 24 hour service , 365 days a year .
tr	O	门稍微开着一条缝，并且琴声似乎透过缝隙倾泻而出，如同水流过花瓶的窄颈。
tr	I	She shook her poster at them , then her bucket , but at that distance I couldn 't tell what she was saying to the people inside .
tr	O	它总是奏效，并且今天也奏效了。
tr	I	They are brave and they are explorers .
tr	O	四个应该就够了，并且和我一直服用的剂量相符。
tr	O	他做了，或者朱莉娅做了。
tr	O	那个女孩没对娜恩做任何事，然而娜恩像条该死的毒蛇一样刻薄。
tr	I	She with him , and a number of generations ago , when the pact was first created , the king fell in love with his protector .
tr	I	Instead I am alive , but I was almost dead .
tr	I	The two met each other in the middle of the open room and Mathew stood up .
tr	O	我找到了那个人，而且她是你们中的一员。
tr	O	然后我才想起来，并且我继续跑着。
tr	I	I start heading for her and Sophie is just a short distance away .
tr	O	那个年长的女人又多看了她一会儿，并且凯莉确信伊丽莎白知道她在撒谎。
tr	O	几秒钟后锁开了，并且布恩把柜门拉向他。
tr	O	那个衣着考究的男人似乎对这个请求感到有些恼火，但是吐出一声深深的叹息，他讲述了自己的过去。
tr	O	他们内心深处知道自己现在是命运的奴隶，但是这感觉却奇怪地像自由。
tr	I	Joni shivered and he sniffed against her neck .
tr	I	She beamed with pride , and he kissed the top of her wild curls .
tr	O	我的胃里一阵剧痛，并且我紧紧抓住它。
tr	O	房间里的灯光闪烁了一下，并且一阵嘶嘶的电击通过键盘击中了她的手指。
tr	I	She did have wonderful taste in men but she was a truly awful woman .
tr	O	他深深地伤害了她，但是她发现自己认为他所做的事情可能有一个正当的理由。
tr	I	He held the phone away from his ear so she could hear as well , and Julie moved into the living room next to Mike .
tr	O	它没有做任何事来赢得你坚定的忠诚，然而你却准备为它抛弃一切。
tr	O	他们在未来的日子里会需要它，并且现在他们有充足的补给用于他们的旅程。
tr	O	那没有用，并且此外，正如梅雷迪思指出的，他们需要节约车里的氧气。
tr	O	他想对迪特大喊让他闭嘴，但是他保持安静，心里因警报而狂跳。
tr	I	Because Mara 's blood is so powerful , he can be awake during the day and well , she made my father .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I 'd thought about confronting Brittany , who seemed to lead the pack that teased her the most .
tr	O	它像癌症一样汇聚在她的身体周围，并且我厌恶地转过了头。
tr	I	Katherine rested her head against the pillow and the girls flopped onto Taylor 's bed .
tr	O	她的表情同样警惕，而且由于不确定性并非他通常会与佐伊联系在一起的特质，瑞安立刻警觉起来。
tr	I	This one was the ultimate , but she had seen many predators .
tr	O	他的眼睛看起来很严肃，并且我使劲地吞咽了一下。
tr	I	It was the hardest thing in the world to do ... but to not thrust into her warm mouth .
tr	O	这通过她的演讲表现出来，并且更是如此，这通过她的行动表现出来。
tr	O	她想相信它，但是她的内心仍在颤抖。
tr	O	她几乎不敢睁开眼睛，生怕子弹会更近，但是她还是做了。
tr	O	很快就会是早晨，并且他们的命运就会揭晓。
tr	I	Then I wasn 't so sure , and until I actually found myself entangled in a boy 's come-on .
tr	I	The look of innocence on his face made me want to spit fire like a dragon of doom and he tilted his head to the side .
tr	I	He held on , but she went to move away .
tr	I	Again I could feel the admission trembling on my lips , and I looked at her .
tr	I	I turn to face her and the realization dawns on me .
tr	I	She could hide it easily but she was mixed up .
tr	I	She was afraid to do it wrong and she 'd never had to do anything like this before .
tr	O	我也从未听他说过任何关于负责的事情，但是他们是那些决定至少做点什么的人。
tr	I	He was immediately engrossed once again in conversation to the exclusion of all other happenings in the room , and he stated .
tr	I	She collapsed backwards onto the bed , covering her face with hands and there was a pause , then all at once her body went limp .
tr	O	再走两步转换步骤，于是我便面对着詹姆斯了。
tr	O	岛屿曾一度矗立在深井之中，并且现在它们是荒地中央的巨大平顶山。
tr	I	As suffocating as that was , I never wondered where I stood , and I was his everything .
tr	O	她本不会觉得这有可能，但是她发现整个凌乱的单身汉公寓竟然有点可爱，就像泰本人一样。
tr	I	I 'll always regret how they were taken from me and that part stabbed at my heart daily .
tr	I	She lied , but Dr. Warren said they were just to relax me .
tr	O	他报了仇，但是代价是巨大的。
tr	I	I already loved New York , and I had been here less than an hour .
tr	I	The corners of his mouth kept tugging up but she noticed he was trying not to laugh .
tr	I	It made me furious , and I was sure Tommy was on the receiving end .
tr	I	Everything was so calm , and it was so quiet .
tr	I	There 's a meeting of the elders at two , and he hasn 't even come into the office .
tr	I	It 's a much bigger town and there 's far less chance of an attack .
tr	O	卢克喜欢过来吃晚饭，因为我妈妈厨艺高超，并且他妈妈是外卖女王。
tr	O	他的手痛苦地抓紧她的头发，于是她呜咽着表示抗议。
tr	I	I was leaving him hanging , and he had ordered breakfast .
tr	I	You were gone and I woke up .
tr	O	我们最后玩得很开心，并且我甚至要到了几个电话号码。
tr	I	The doors were bolted and Windows were lashed shut .
tr	O	突然他拥有了公司，并且我从未真正弄清楚那是如何发生的。
tr	I	I tilted it toward her and the document flashed onto the screen .
tr	O	我可能看起来二十岁，但是我已经唱歌的时间比Blackberry活的时间还长。
tr	I	Nate stayed sitting , but Cady got up .
tr	I	Then gave her the nudge she seemed to want , and he waited just long enough .
tr	O	他实际上并没有认为她在撒谎关于她的过去，但是不知何故，得到她故事的这个证实让他感觉好多了。
tr	I	We come in by airship or we zip in .
tr	I	You absolutely know what that means , and you 're black ops , covert .
tr	I	Something happened inside her , but I didn 't recognize it .
tr	I	I was met with him pushing me away , and trying to be sexy for Jason , telling him how I desired him .
tr	I	There was something strained about her voice ; but Morrigan was obviously attempting a mocking tone .
tr	O	我的脸是心形的，前额有一个美人尖，并且我的眼睛是清澈的深灰色。
tr	O	我稍微摇了摇头，但是我仍然无法把这个笑容从我脸上抹去。
tr	I	Alarms rang and men screamed .
tr	O	Alexis迅速转过身，但是没有人。
tr	O	她感到他温暖的呼吸在她的乳头上，并且他轻轻地吸吮着它到他嘴里。
tr	O	你看起来不怎么样，但是表面之下发生了很多事情。
tr	I	I sit next to her and I ask her as Lorena .
tr	O	他把纸放下了，并且我坐在床上。
tr	I	She 's not going anywhere but he 's got his hands full right now .
tr	I	Together we took everything into the kitchen and we greeted each other over some shopping bags .
tr	I	A tingle ran along her nerve endings , and he dropped a kiss into her palm .
tr	O	扔掉你的武器，并且慢慢地从门里进来。
tr	I	Andy knew it and Tim was right .
tr	I	It 's more than that now , but it was one thing to keep me in the dark when it was just our relationship on the line .
tr	O	我们本会因为类似原因把另一个巫师道森放得离我远一些，但是我们没有选择。
tr	I	His feet still echoed on the old wooden floors , but Andy walked softly behind me .
tr	I	It 's then I realize that even though girls are different from each other , they 're the same too and she 's picking at her fingernails .
tr	O	也许是她，并且也许不是。
tr	I	You 'll hear her , but you might close your eyes .
tr	O	我们需要紧急和他谈话，或者这可能会耽搁你们其余人的离开。
tr	O	门上的一小块板条滑开了，并且一双眼睛盯着他们。
tr	O	爆炸几乎照亮了夜空，并且连贝利都不得不遮挡视线以躲避它产生的光芒。
tr	I	The vein in his forehead pulsed and the muscles in his arms protruded .
tr	I	I 'd forgotten that Jacob moved like a ghost these days , and I was concentrating on piling the dishes into the bubbly water .
tr	O	我抓住了他的衬衫，感到有必要这样做，并且我等着他告诉我该怎么做。
tr	O	我一直信任你的决定，并且你很清楚我也尊重你做出决定的自由。
tr	I	Melissa was far from vanilla , but she was too stubborn to admit it .
tr	I	I felt a lot better and I ran a brush through my ratty hair .
tr	I	The sound of her frenzied cries but it was as if there was nothing in the world .
tr	I	I sent him a questioning look that he only smiled at , and matthias nodded at me as if to say it was safe .
tr	O	那个女人瘫软的身体慢慢向下滑落，并且她的双脚悬空，几乎碰到了地板。
tr	O	红色花瓶中的竹笋点缀着老旧但美丽的丝绸屏风，用作隐私隔断。
tr	O	乔·B没有试图弄明白这份声明意味着什么，如果有任何意义的话，但是他认为它会很适合放在广告牌上。
tr	O	她一直都在那里，并且现在为时已晚。
tr	I	Asher 's lips were twitching and I was panting .
tr	I	Somehow coming from William , it didn 't , but I 'd expected it to feel like an accusation .
tr	I	I dropped my eyes back to my plate , and the thought immediately sent a flutter through me .
tr	O	莎莎想开口说话，但是普西抢在她前面到了。
tr	O	她尽力按压，但是血液仍然在她指缝间流淌。
tr	O	道格拉斯只是滚到她身边，把她拥入怀中，并且他吻了她。
tr	I	Her head fell limply against his shoulder and Andra let out a long breath .
tr	O	每个人都认为泰勒是食人鱼，但是你父亲却不这么认为。
tr	I	Izzie needed moral support and Kira had finally found a boy that she liked .
tr	O	她的声音随着每个词而升高，并且她太沮丧了，顾不上整个酒吧是否听到了她的话。
tr	O	他提出了很多愚蠢的主意，并且我们应该服从他的命令。
tr	O	他深深地嵌在她体内的感觉是吞噬一切的，并且她太热情了，顾不上其他。
tr	O	咔哒一声，并且他们就消失了。
tr	I	Pretty soon Denver was holding back a line of gawking onlookers , and people came to check out the scream they 'd heard .
tr	O	他知道艾比不喜欢他爱说教的习惯，但是他却情不自禁。
tr	I	When she looked up at him , Trystan couldn 't help it and she watched him slide his thumb across her skin .
tr	O	当他到达她大腿的顶点时，他崇拜着她，并且颤抖变成了扭动。
tr	O	我试图伸出手去触碰他的胸膛，但是他却退缩了。
tr	I	Again she looked away , and she read the meaning in his glance .
tr	I	I hoped it was still early enough that her mom would let her rescue a stranded friend , and I didn 't have a ride home .
tr	I	She noticed the two soldiers opposite her become alarmed , and mountains encircled the settlement .
tr	I	I kept my face blank , but Finn 's eyes narrowed in suspicion at my easy agreement .
tr	O	他感觉自己像一块石头，并且他的司炉工，一个瘦小单薄、眼睛大而焦虑的男孩，顺从地默许了他们的要求。
tr	I	He knew it and he was close .
tr	I	I drew back and he started coughing .
tr	O	水浸湿了谢里登的病号服，使它紧贴着她，但是她不在乎。
tr	I	It 's no longer in place and she moved .
tr	O	她体内有什么东西在骚动，而且这都是为了我。
tr	O	这令人难以置信，但是这是真的。
tr	O	我吃过速食，但是我确实很感激她的努力。
tr	I	I sense that he 's giving me everything he can right now , but that 's still a lot of unknowns .
tr	O	他的嘴角M字形上扬，而且他的笑容使他看起来像个男孩。
tr	I	Nose stand out and my skin was paler than usual , making the practically orange freckles that scattered across my cheeks .
tr	I	She was glad he was still in her life , but she didn 't know what she felt for Justin .
tr	I	The coast was clear and Faye went over to the living room .
tr	I	I twisted in the human 's arms , trying to catch a glimpse of where they were taking me and they carried me out of the shuttle .
tr	O	悉尼回应了她，并且她瞪了他一眼。
tr	I	She squeezed her so tight that it hurt , and it was Mama that was wrapped around her .
tr	I	You look like angels , and it just looks like a gargoyle .
tr	I	We were fortunate that I didn 't need to work , and your father earned a good living .
tr	O	他不再在视线之内，但是我听到了水花飞溅的声音。
tr	I	He didn 't bite , but I was fishing with that North Pole remark .
tr	O	有代价要付，而且这个环节处于劣势。
tr	O	他闭上眼睛，几乎就像他为自己所做的事感到羞耻，但是某种东西却无法阻止他。
tr	I	We 've also got to keep an eye out for that Troll , and that Seeker thing could set just about anybody on us .
tr	O	瑞秋痛苦地咽了口口水，看到他即将要做什么并且她惊慌失措。
tr	I	Rebecca didn 't mind one bit , and Miranda had her wrapped around one chubby little finger .
tr	I	The bulging body expanded with the leeway and the fold of the cocoon parted open .
tr	I	I nearly ended up knocking on Alexa instead of the door and the door opened just as I raised my hand to knock .
tr	O	她的热度令人头脑麻木，并且我忘记了自己身在何处。
tr	I	She shook her head and tears streamed down her face .
tr	I	I hope that rules out conversation , and the previews are already rolling by the time we sit down .
tr	O	她很高，并且她的头发以长长的、柔软的波浪状垂落在她的肩膀上。
tr	O	我们在阿曼达的房间外停了下来，并且我敲了敲门。
tr	O	艾莉莎的心跳加速了三倍，并且她的呼吸变得急促费力。
tr	O	终于，时钟滑过十一点，并且我悄悄地走上楼回我的房间。
tr	I	Now I was urging her to put herself into danger on my say-so , and this was the woman I 'd cautioned about leaving town yesterday .
tr	O	她的脸颊发烫了，但是她却置之不理。
tr	I	Christopher made no move to accept it and Sara counted the seconds that passed as Phillip stood with his hand extended .
tr	O	他能看到斯特拉对雷德微笑，并且雷德也正对她报以灿烂的笑容。
tr	I	Now he was nervous here with me and he had rushed at a man holding a gun ?
tr	I	There was really no stopping him once he made up his mind and Jack had decided we should have an island affair .
tr	O	我以前从未买过这类杂志，然而出于某种奇怪的原因，我发现自己非常渴望了解更多关于老爷车的信息。
tr	O	诺艾尔不相信暴力能阻止暴力，但是也许知识可以。
tr	O	我妈妈对我大喊大叫，但是我并不买账。
tr	O	他稍微向上推了一下，并且我又想起了丹妮卡说过的话。
tr	I	They were battling several zombies and when I came out farther , I saw my team .
tr	O	他一落地，他的膝盖就弯曲了，并且他倒在了草地上。
tr	O	他的眼睛没有从我的眼睛上移开，但是他清晰地吞咽了一下。
tr	O	我深吸一口气，并且她后退了一步。
tr	I	She covered her writing with a sheet of blotting paper , and Miriam 's pen dripped .
tr	I	I was off to bed and Gavin took me home around midnight .
tr	I	They had big plans , and Tomorrow was a big day .
tr	I	It was and I checked .
tr	I	The lids were heavy like concrete , but I tried to open my eyes .
tr	O	我们扫描了村庄，并且我诅咒着黑夜，因为它限制了我所能看到的范围。
tr	O	紧随其后的是数百名经验丰富的战士，并且在他们身后，是数千人的部落。
tr	O	他似乎在努力不看尼克仍然紧握的枪，但是他的目光还是不由自主地转向了尼克的臀部。
tr	O	图书馆可能太远了，无法连接到她房间的隧道，但是城堡下方可能有更多被遗忘的地方。
tr	I	He was strong , too strong , and his fingers dug into her arms .
tr	I	Allie , who was standing a few feet back , saw Nick immediately , and the cabinet creaked open .
tr	I	I punched the gas , and Chapter Thirteen Ethan The light turned green .
tr	I	There was something seriously wrong , and as he got closer to the flashing he saw that it was Kermit .
tr	I	It was better than Aunt Maud seeing it , but it wasn 't very comfortable .
tr	I	If you let it , it will only force you to make more mistakes , but Guilt has its place .
tr	O	卡萝参加过好几次这样的活动，并且它们总是千篇一律的。
tr	O	约瑟夫说道，并且我们都跟着他说了。
tr	I	It left me with only one answer , and I knew that as surely as I knew I 'd always love him .
tr	O	他没有跑，但是他修长而轻松的步伐快速地跨过了地面。
tr	O	他们说那是一片充满美丽绿色树木的大森林，并且毫无疑问，一座城镇不会太远了。
tr	O	他摇了摇头，并且不以为然地挥了挥手。
tr	I	He was suddenly unwilling to take any unnecessary chances , and whatever it was that had Lyle on edge had infected him .
tr	O	我的眼睛在瓷砖房间里四处扫视，寻找任何能帮我的东西，但是房间却空无一物。
tr	O	下一次我会慢一点，但是我需要将自己倾泻在她体内。
tr	O	他们走到了楼梯底部，并且塔维尽可能轻柔地把麦克斯放在柜子旁边。
tr	I	Now there was no mistaking what she was looking at , but Francesca had to squint against the glare of that sun .
tr	O	玛丽瞥了一眼她的肩膀，并且萨布丽娜强挤出一个僵硬的笑容。
tr	O	我告诉他我们在这场该死的冲突中没有利害关系，但是他还是去了。
tr	I	The lines of his body are wavering , but it looks like a man .
tr	O	她看起来像是正在走跳板，而且水里有鲨鱼。
tr	I	It sure wasn 't a shack , but it wasn 't a plantation home .
tr	O	同时，珍妮弗向后滑去，摸索着手枪，并且将其掷下走廊的黑洞。
tr	O	那个“正义人”可能是“好人”之一，但是我肯定不是。
tr	O	我缺乏她那种天赋，但是我只是她的助手，不是医生，所以我的技能没那么重要。
tr	I	The constant thud of the rotors pounded Nina 's head , and the helicopter was still in the air .
tr	O	我用余光瞥了一眼齐尔，但是她的注意力集中在托克指挥官身上。
tr	O	我们的导游英语说得很好，而且当我们问他关于这座城市的事情时，他点了点头。
tr	O	他在开始弹奏之前笑了，然后他开始唱歌。
tr	O	我们俩都不知道为什么，但是我们似乎能一起跨越别人无法跨越的距离。
tr	I	She felt drugged by it , as if she had no control whatever over her actions , and it was a sensation Lily had never experienced before .
tr	I	I gave him a light push toward the check-in counter , and his smile grew into a full-fledged one .
tr	I	They headed outside and Maddie nodded vigorously .
tr	I	There was a lot of catching up to do and it had been years since they had last met .
tr	O	噩梦开始消退，并且艾娃思考着这可能意味着什么。
tr	I	Sera felt like mush inside and Jeff was all smiles .
tr	O	他们挖出了一个小壁龛，一个暂时的现实逃避之处，但是现实世界像捕食者一样等待着。
tr	O	我想紧闭双眼，但是我也需要看到他，即使现在只看到他模糊的脸。
tr	I	Tonight , I wanted something harder , but Red wine was normally my drink of choice .
tr	I	The general said no , but one suggested they make Cassidy hunt Diego herself .
tr	O	我点了点头，并且他的手指穿过我的，以一种毋庸置疑的占有姿态，他将我带离了草地。
tr	O	这超出了我的承受范围，并且我不会出来了。
tr	I	She instantly tightened her grip and I took a hold of Michelle 's hand .
tr	I	Stalker shook his head , and I filled them in .
tr	O	接触只有片刻，但是那些时刻似乎持续了很久。
tr	I	I forgot that we were having a conversation and Rush slipped his hands around my sides until they were sliding under my breasts .
tr	I	I can 't even seem to find one full piece , but I cringe as I try to put the pieces together .
tr	I	The people hurried so as not to be touched in this shameful way , and the soldiers even pushed at people with their spears .
tr	I	It wasn 't an easy fight and he was struggling with himself .
tr	I	I think it came out more like a grimace , but I tried to smile .
tr	I	It was matted with blood , but they both had blond hair .
tr	I	I have to jerk my eyes away , and she shoves her wrist toward my face .
tr	O	一个排似乎凭空出现在桥边，并且队长在桥外设置了防御圈。
tr	O	拓海又开口了，但是阿拉斯加抬起手，仿佛要将对话拍开。
tr	O	我知道是谁送的，但是直到我亲眼看到他才能确定。
tr	I	I didn 't have the gumption to deal with that at the moment , but obviously I was losing my mind .
tr	O	左轮手枪叮当作响地落在石头上，并且我把它踢到了一张桌子下面。
tr	I	She would have looked beautiful in a potato sack , but it wasn 't the highest of fashion for the time .
tr	O	我提出要找一家酒店，但是她坚决拒绝了客房。
tr	I	When it was over , the referees needed five minutes to sort it all out , and as the play developed , things became complicated .
tr	I	I followed him up a narrow sidewalk , and my grandfather parked the Olds along the curb .
tr	I	The butterflies in her stomach eased and his strength had a calming effect .
tr	O	两个来自德文，并且一个来自吉娜。
tr	I	For some reason , Gavin seemed to be able to tolerate her , but she was like a pest I couldn 't get rid of .
tr	O	迪克兰的声音嘶哑了，但是他的手臂环住了她。
tr	O	我不知道，并且我不在乎。
tr	O	她点了特色意大利面，并且艾萨克要了帕马森小牛肉。
tr	I	The howling begins again , and the beads drop one by one to the floor below .
tr	I	I knew better , but the great hall looked empty .
tr	O	她希望自己整理故事能那么有条理，但是它们有点像意识流一样自然涌现。
tr	O	我的名字是贝基·布拉德利，并且我将是你们这季《房客》的宿管妈妈！
tr	I	It was true , but I was saying that a lot lately .
tr	I	I felt this weird kind of pulling sensation beneath my ribs and my hands were shaking .
tr	I	It took Ink a bit longer to vacate the cab , but L.J. got out .
tr	I	They probably looked like chickens in the rain , staring at the wonders above them , and he was doing the same thing as Kelly .
tr	O	当星星们掷下他们的长矛时，他记得，并且用他们的眼泪浇灌了天堂……接下来是什么？
tr	I	Before there was Nectar , there were a whole range of other substances but you 're too young to know .
tr	O	当灰色的太阳渐隐成夜幕，炉火被封住了，并且精疲力竭的村民闭上眼睛，忘却了一天的恐慌。
tr	O	他很害怕，但是他不是怕我。
tr	O	那是一项艰巨的任务，并且她像专业人士一样完成了它。
tr	I	I was sitting too high on his chest for him to touch me but he kicked at me .
tr	I	My ears hurt and my feet were half frozen .
tr	O	那根木桩不再向一边倾斜了，并且那座小房子看起来很正常，仿佛我没撞过它一样。
tr	I	The harsh scent of brandy filled the library before quickly burning away , and the snifter in her hand erupted into flames , punctuating her words .
tr	O	一段记忆在我意识的角落闪现，并且我停了下来，清空了脑中其他的思绪。
tr	O	显然贝瑟尼不是，但是这不意味着他还活着。
tr	O	他环顾四周，并且困惑取代了嘲讽。
tr	O	这听起来不算什么，但是这就是你开始做这种事的方式。
tr	O	罗里给了他一个略带怜悯的眼神，但是他们都回去继续搜索了。
tr	O	我的力量在战斗中逐渐减弱，并且那个攻击者，不管他是谁，似乎对我所有的自卫尝试都毫不畏惧。
tr	I	It quickly detached from the tree , and this branch was right above me .
tr	I	I drop my legs from around him and Knox loosens his hold on me .
tr	I	She herds me in the direction of the table with a plate at the ready , but I bullet toward the fridge .
tr	O	她的呼吸慢了下来，并且她放松了很多。
tr	O	我暂时放下了这件事，但是我稍后会就此事质问她。
tr	I	She wasn 't about to let him get off that easy , but he knew part of her was reveling in their volley match .
tr	I	Otherwise the upper level seemed arranged much like the lower , but the ceiling was lower than below .
tr	I	He took a few bites just to satisfy his needs , but he suddenly wasn 't hungry .
tr	O	我的手里仍然拿着剑，并且我转过身，寻找其他人。
tr	O	我听不见，但是我能感觉到。
tr	O	她能听到艾丹在门的那边踱步，并且如果她听得太仔细，她就能听到他沉重的呼吸声。
tr	O	这次凤凰被咖啡呛到了，并且我只是把脸埋在手里呻吟。
tr	O	莱利笑了，但是那看起来像是一个咆哮。
tr	I	I know their hearts , but they can be off putting at best .
tr	I	It was damn good in journalism , and the skill had manifested at an early age .
tr	I	Raoul easily held on to her , and she was still weak , however .
tr	O	女孩惊讶地眨了眨眼，并且然后她交叉双臂。
tr	I	The destination will follow , and take the journey Wil .
tr	O	似乎我们都说同一种语言，但是他不知为何听不懂我说的一句话。
tr	I	She turned to him and Jessica 's mouth curved .
tr	O	贾里德摇了摇头，并且克莱尔的表情变得不耐烦。
tr	I	Then she saw the water churning to white froth , and another ten feet through a thick stand of aspen .
tr	O	西尔维亚未能劝说她再次去购物，并且那位女士已经尽力了。
tr	I	That 's just after the fact , of course , but so we rely on cameras .
tr	O	他把奖章放回柜台，并且我拿起它仔细看了看。
tr	O	我有一种感觉派对不是为了那个目的，但是我让它过去了。
tr	I	They were just about over , and I 'd had my innings .
tr	O	有一小会儿，我曾想知道雅各布是不是同一个人，但是然后我记得他们长得一点也不像。
tr	I	His entire body jerked as he threw back his head to yell out , and she palmed his erection through his pants .
tr	I	Mentally ran through her lines , and she hiked down her skirt , suddenly ashamed of its death-defying height .
tr	I	Creativity wasn 't a big part of it and my life 's path had been decided for me a long time ago .
tr	I	She could not reveal her hidden places , but she would have gone up to help .
tr	O	费伊的手指拂过它，并且她的脊椎感到一阵寒意。
tr	I	Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes were bright .
tr	I	Grace could see that it cost her an effort , but she smiled at Cliff .
tr	I	All of a sudden there was a flame , and he blew gently !
tr	I	We shared a couple classes , and they were seniors like me .
tr	O	波波带着审视的目光向前倾，并且丹尼斯能看到他正在数着零。
tr	O	她不是你的囚犯，并且你也不是她的看守。
tr	I	Only a few interested her but the comics were cute .
tr	O	必要时他可以非常严肃，但是当不必要时，他就会玩。
tr	I	Claire 's cheeks redden as she realizes what I must have heard in his mind and Connor 's mouth drops open again .
tr	I	I 'll go along with this if it has the potential to provide a window of opportunity , but I 'm not afraid of anything .
tr	I	Once again Bob turned with him , and Rayford 's mind took another turn .
tr	O	我知道她在看着我，但是我却假装深思。
tr	O	恐慌让我的耳朵充满了自己心跳的声音，并且我在胸口那雷鸣般的跳动中听不清威尔的话。
tr	O	他们已经打扫了公寓，并且房间没有了往常的杂物，显得陌生。
tr	I	Eva looks to me as she charges the defibrillator and he 's out the door instantly .
tr	I	Since taking orders he had never broken his vow of celibacy , but he was not a virgin , not quite , a circumstance he regretted .
tr	I	He wore even less , and she was barely clothed .
tr	O	我感到喉咙哽住，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	O	他的突然出现让伊万跳了起来，但是他醉醺醺的胡言乱语让那个大个子男人很快放松下来。
tr	I	His face flushed and his eyes widened .
tr	I	Gothic steeples stood ready to impale fallen angels , and baroque cupolas were the soft green of antique copper .
tr	O	一件碎花连衣裙松垮地挂在她身上，并且她泛蓝的头发紧紧地卷着。
tr	O	她以前从未申请过工作，并且她的胃紧张得打结了。
tr	I	It took a second , but he tried to recover himself .
tr	I	For a moment that was enough , and she 'd known him since they 'd been kids .
tr	I	Then I ' l have enough , and I only need a little more .
tr	I	The clouds had disappeared for the night of the festival and I remarked to Aunt Libby how lucky we were that the rainy days had departed .
tr	O	一只蓬松的白猫懒洋洋地穿过房间，并且一只三花猫在窗台上梳理着自己。
tr	I	It still fell from the sky , obscuring his view , and Snow covered the ground outside .
tr	O	电话嗡嗡作响，并且有另一条来自达西的消息。
tr	I	A stray tuft falls over his forehead appealingly , but his longish hair is neatly combed back today .
tr	O	一提到啤酒唐尼就高兴起来了，并且他们沿着路走到了大门。
tr	O	我闭上眼睛，并且随后我感到亨利向我靠近。
tr	O	他用手表向她示意，并且她在入口处与他会合。
tr	I	The water split there instead , and she reached a little farther .
tr	I	My words have fallen on deaf ears , but for years , I 've been telling you that this is not the life I want for myself .
tr	I	Their eyes appeared to study him intently and Tom looked closer at the lions .
tr	I	Here she was , asking me to hold her , and I 'd promised myself that I would never put Liza in that situation again .
tr	O	他的目光让我想要扭动，但是我能够保持不动。
tr	I	He reached for a new one , and his clip emptied .
tr	I	She looked up at her abductor and the grip on her arm slowly eased .
tr	O	他来到镇上，并且人们开始死亡。
tr	I	My thoughts were everywhere , but I tried to focus on Mr. Abramson 's lecture on the Louisiana Purchase .
tr	O	我身后，阿切尔嘀咕着什么，但是我听不清他说什么。
tr	O	它在无声的铰链上轻轻打开，但是里面没有人等她。
tr	I	She felt that not doing it put her status with Ryan at risk , but Meagan didn 't really want to have sex .
tr	O	他一生都在一个小村庄里，并且现在他身处一个枢纽，被人群包围。
tr	I	He easily suppressed his guilt over his base behavior , but he wasn 't behaving like any aristocrat , that was for sure .
tr	I	I continue to move on -- how about you , but I 'd be lying if I said I wasn 't haunted by what happened ?
tr	I	Ernestine never had your powers of application , but my aunt is not pleased with the idea of a military career in a distant country .
tr	I	They toss me inside and my heart races with joy as I hear the door creek .
tr	I	Her friend was fair game and right now nothing had been signed .
tr	I	I 'll call you tomorrow and leave your number with me .
tr	O	我点了鸡肉玉米饼沙拉，但是令我惊讶的是，菲尔什么都没点。
tr	I	They were comforting , but the guns probably weren 't needed .
tr	O	感觉太好了，并且她无法阻止那从她唇间发出的清晰的呻吟。
tr	O	化装舞会变成了一个雷区，她必须学会非常迅速地穿行，或者她会死。
tr	I	Seeing everything well organized in one place made Darren see things differently but there wasn 't much new here that wasn 't in the mail .
tr	I	Charles turned away , and they met eyes .
tr	I	It startled Mary , but it was a quiet uneventful dream really .
tr	I	I wondered what was upsetting him the most , and my father still didn 't sound happy about any of this .
tr	O	他可能认为我精神失常了，并且我不确定自己能否成功反驳那个理论。
tr	O	他把卡车的窗户开着，所以哈雷保持凉爽，他也能留意猫咪家有没有任何异常。
tr	I	It was crammed with books , and the room was not large .
tr	I	Jacy twisted the knob to turn the sound down , and suddenly they heard a burst of loud static .
tr	O	她不想和洛根说话，并且她也还没准备好听到他的声音。
tr	I	It 's perhaps my own foolish dream , but oh , they may come back here .
tr	O	劳拉眼含泪水，并且贝雷尼斯继续哭泣，边点头边感激地看着其他人。
tr	O	我试图用力扳下把手，但是它纹丝不动。
tr	O	他用英语说话，带着一种奇怪的口音，并且许多其他龙都感兴趣地竖起了耳朵。
tr	I	He jerked a plate from the cupboard , and the toast popped up in the toaster .
tr	I	I kick him in the side so he goes sprawling again , and he starts to get up .
tr	O	丽娅在车道尽头绊了一跤，并且我才刚刚及时抓住她。
tr	I	Whole populations can be implanted over time , or it can be on a personal level .
tr	I	She had to fight a gigantic battle with herself to find sensible words to speak , and Gabriel was into his sales pitch .
tr	O	它几乎不引人注意，但是它仍然缩小了。
tr	O	好吧，我不知道你以为你是谁，但是你对我一无所知。
tr	I	He wanted to do business at his place , but Edgar 's trailer wasn 't far from Marty 's .
tr	O	在场所有人的目光都转向了那个女人，并且她脸红了。
tr	O	除了我们的小约定，我跟她没那么熟，但是我知道这么多。
tr	I	I was completely at a loss for words and my hands started to shake .
tr	O	他们通常不会一见到访客就杀掉，但是你永远不知道他们何时会改变这些规则。
tr	I	The beat was now steady , strong , but her heart was hammering .
tr	O	他只剩下一块法式吐司的一角，但是他在塞进嘴里之前又往上面撒了更多的糖浆。
tr	O	我向左侧看去，并且她就在那里——佐伊，那个穿粉色裙子的女孩。
tr	O	她坚持说她没事，并且我不想再追问了。
tr	O	这些大厅看起来不熟悉，然而我却清楚地知道该去哪里。
tr	I	He lurched backward and Sir Horace 's left foot swiveled around .
tr	O	一只手拍了拍他的肩膀，并且他猛地动了一下。
tr	I	She did , but she shouldn 't worry about him leaving her .
tr	I	Her shoulders are slumped and her arms hang at her sides .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且上面覆盖的糖釉微微裂开。
tr	I	It did , but I tried to tell myself that it didn 't matter .
tr	O	他们有时会吃东西，但是那是唯一真正的乐趣。
tr	O	我把手举到耳边，并且手上沾满了血。
tr	O	曼弗雷德张开嘴想请他过来，但是波波把手放在了曼弗雷德的胳膊上。
tr	I	Slowly it spread through every muscle , every cell in my body , and my insides burned .
tr	I	There 'd been no one like Jonah , but she 'd been with other men , men she 'd cared about at the time .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to examine the reason too closely , and it was his first slip in a thousand years .
tr	O	一个穿黑衣的信使大步穿过传送门，并且她在对方开口之前就知道他想要什么。
tr	I	He 'd also been kind , but maybe Charlie had been old .
tr	I	Ultimately , they were two entirely different people , but they might share a soul .
tr	O	我反正从这里也看不到她，并且回头看是我不打算做的事情。
tr	I	I couldn 't figure out what , and Trevor had some kind of hold on me .
tr	O	强行从他身边走过的念头闪过我的脑海，但是门的另一边无论如何也无法重现那个吻了。
tr	O	我需要睡一晚觉，而且维丽蒂看起来有点疲惫。
tr	I	The slightest mention of my name sends him into a rage , and the next day , he 's threatening me .
tr	O	她的思绪一片空白，并且她封闭了她的心。
tr	O	斯通朝他的方向冲过去，而且钱斯从几个人身边挤过，试图拉近他们之间的距离。
tr	I	If they play very nicely we might condescend not to bring charges and that dumb stunt will cost them their financial security .
tr	O	他们有钱，并且他们雇佣最好的人才。
tr	I	She couldn 't do it again and she 'd lived through that life once before .
tr	O	他在拉斯维加斯有一些经营安保公司的朋友，并且他们为了拿到合同几乎争先恐后。
tr	I	There were signs of modern technology , but it looked like they 'd gone back in time .
tr	O	我不知道我为什么如此确定，但是我就是确定。
tr	I	Since she did improv yoga , it could be assumed that she was a yoga instructor somewhere , and Camilla was an odd name .
tr	O	街对面公园旁是一个小社区，而且我冲向那些房子，试图待在院子里最暗的区域。
tr	I	He looked around her and the fuel gauge showed it was a quarter full .
tr	O	她笑了，而且她的笑容如此灿烂，似乎能给阴沉的冬日午后带来阳光。
tr	I	Frances woke from her dream with a guilty start , and the sound of creaking verandah floorboards beside her heralded the arrival of another person .
tr	I	There were so many streetlights I could see everything , but it was almost dark .
tr	I	There was water in all directions , but he looked all around .
tr	O	大老板让他的优秀员工们事业有成，并且表现不佳的员工最终去了收发室。
tr	I	They got heart , but maybe a little kooky .
tr	O	她试图掩饰因疼痛而露出的畏缩，但是她能感觉到他正俯视着她。
tr	I	She reached for a plastic comb from the basket over the towel rack and she dried off .
tr	O	我们失去了父亲，并且你失去了妻子。
tr	I	I was just feeling sorry for myself , but I told myself I missed Jane .
tr	O	路易斯的包仍然放在脚凳上，但是快速扫视房间一眼便告诉她他不在。
tr	O	维恩没有伤害他们，并且我当然也没有。
tr	O	我在颤抖，但是我保持了冷静。
tr	O	我太害怕我的决心会动摇，并且那正是我需要离开棕榈泉的原因。
tr	I	I did trust him , but I didn 't exactly understand what he was talking about .
tr	I	They all started laughing , and Stuart 's lips moved .
tr	I	He determinedly kept his expression impassive , but there was a fevered edge in his tone that struck a chill in Lucien .
tr	O	是什么让他决定跟着去参加主日弥撒，他并不确定，但是他现在肯定后悔了。
tr	O	办公室紧闭着，但是门廊灯照亮了门周围的空间。
tr	I	I 'm usually careful about that , and I even lost track of the years .
tr	O	他看起来和她感觉的一样愤怒，并且她很高兴看到这一点。
tr	O	我碰触了那只手，并且它缠绕住了我的手。
tr	O	他把手伸给我帮我起来，但是我就是不忍心去接。
tr	I	We 'll set up an appointment and you can call me at your leisure .
tr	O	拿破仑发出一声抗议的嚎叫，但是达西决心不停下来，直到他被彻底淋湿。
tr	I	No one had been put in charge and there was no real leader among them .
tr	I	The lava turned to rocks and the walls of fire died .
tr	I	Often the changes weren 't good , and Big changes always came when the purple changed hands .
tr	O	他们有过两年多的轻度浪漫关系，并且她的陪伴开始变得索然无味。
tr	I	The truth was he was just as nervous , but he gave her a smile , trying to be reassuring .
tr	O	每个区都有一个派系委员会，并且他负责整个东海岸。
tr	I	I instantly melted into the ice blue eyes of my love and I straightened up from my cowering position .
tr	O	凯茜边向我们跑来边说，但是当她靠近时就停下了。
tr	O	他们有魔法防御，并且大小并不重要。
tr	O	我以为我站着，但是我感觉自己是躺着的，就好像所有东西都把我固定住了。
tr	O	达斯汀侧身闪开，并且她绊倒在切尔西已经僵硬的身体上。
tr	I	Skye folded her arm against her chest with a cry , and the pulling away hurt even worse than the bite .
tr	I	His dream had always been becoming a pro racer , but coming from a family of academics , Sean was pushed into following an academic career .
tr	I	Aria caught her arm , but Spencer opened her mouth to explain .
tr	O	我的椎间盘曾两次撕裂松脱，并且两次我都卧床三天。
tr	O	那是一个站不住脚的论点，并且他们都知道。
tr	I	Jeff felt the deck shiver below his feet and a moment later a loud blast came from the rear of the ship .
tr	O	他不明白，但是上帝已经对他说话了。
tr	O	她触摸了，并且她触摸了。
tr	O	他把它扔过来，并且我把盖子翻开了。
tr	O	琥珀抓住了迈克的手，并且他们跑向骚乱。
tr	O	她不停地问亨利问题，并且他不停地将这些问题转给总编辑莱尔·班尼斯特。
tr	O	她把自己置于那个婴儿下方，并且她接住了它。
tr	O	那些死去的人什么也带不走，并且那些移民的人也不想带。
tr	I	She couldn 't conjure one at will , but a sink hole might have been better .
tr	I	He only laughed harder now and Jake hadn 't stopped laughing at him since they 'd left their seats .
tr	O	我的喉咙发紧，并且我的咳嗽是干咳。
tr	O	他曾要求维多利亚，并且她的母亲会确保他会娶她。
tr	I	Our every move is watched , but I can get us in .
tr	O	嗯，约翰自言自语，但是暴动并非真是戈登的错。
tr	I	His lips took hers in a sweet , light kiss and he repeated before his head slanted .
tr	I	Adrienne never understood how they could , but some could talk about such things .
tr	I	He didn 't have strength to resist , but the one-legged man suddenly opened his eyes .
tr	O	你让我和你谈谈，并且我没有更好的事情可做，所以我做了。
tr	O	然后它就消失了，并且他又转身准备回小屋里。
tr	I	No sound came from the eerie , dark room and nothing moved .
tr	O	这已经够糟了，但是她实际上被拘留了一周。
tr	O	克林特·伊斯特伍德抽着那些破旧的雪茄看起来非常酷，并且它们味道醇厚。
tr	I	It is too late to take back the question , but I don 't realize that it 's slipped out .
tr	O	当引座员收好水桶后，灯灭了，并且一片漆黑降临。
tr	O	他短暂地与她对视，但是他的下巴看起来很僵硬。
tr	I	Neil knocked his shot back , and Nicky counted them off .
tr	I	She peered down a narrow flight of stairs and it opened with a squeak .
tr	O	他们默默地互相打量，并且这让我很恼火。
tr	I	I was glad we weren 't in River Valley , and no one was paying any attention to us .
tr	I	It seems that being on the run is really about deciding who to trust , but Kellan asked me to keep his existence secret .
tr	O	他现在很荒谬，并且她只能竭力忍住不对他翻白眼。
tr	I	You have some growing to do and you 're relatively new to the lifestyle .
tr	I	In that moment she remembered the reality of her being ... and for an instant she felt free of her earthly bonds .
tr	O	他看起来很疑惑，但是她觉得她必须做些什么来帮忙，无论那多么微不足道。
tr	I	She continued walking , and another moment passed .
tr	I	Something inside told him to keep it quiet , but he started to tell Ash about that .
tr	O	这是我们与母亲仅有的联系之一，并且我想记住关于她的一切小事。
tr	O	她在开玩笑，并且我努力笑了笑。
tr	O	除了音乐视频，还有一些有趣的视频阅读节选，并且我的活动日程每天都在增加！
tr	O	他不再害怕做梦了，并且现在他想梦想着达到天空。
tr	I	He would have loved those things , but Aden might never have admitted it .
tr	O	康纳讽刺地开着玩笑，并且克莱尔拍了拍他的后脑勺。
tr	I	He gives me the same answer , but I ask the driver about Evie .
tr	O	他是我丈夫，并且他中枪了。
tr	I	He didn 't pull out right away but they piled into Jeremy 's SUV .
tr	I	The vines roped it to the frozen ground , and the boar 's knees buckled .
tr	O	他将获得丰厚的报酬，并且他更喜欢那样。
tr	O	利奥开玩笑，并且赞恩笑了。
tr	O	昨天我遇到一个今天要表演的男孩，并且他训练狗穿着裙子走路！
tr	O	我希望相信我们的社会倾向于减少家庭暴力，但是事实是社会对这些问题的容忍是一种并行的疾病。
tr	I	He wouldn 't make that mistake again , but he assumed that they would be safe .
tr	O	他向她迈了一步，但是尴尬迫使她退缩。
tr	O	他在撒谎，并且她知道。
tr	I	She 'd always remembered it , and it was a comparison Rob had made once .
tr	I	I didn 't understand its cause but I could feel his rage simmering beneath the surface .
tr	I	Pearl began waiting for Abi to arrive in Bangkok and with that they finished up their chat .
tr	I	She loves me in spite of my mistakes , yet she knows the worst there is to know about me .
tr	I	Something pierced his skin so that he bled and he sank to his knees , not caring that the rocks were hard .
tr	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且他的目光是坚忍的。
tr	O	这是一个明亮、阳光灿烂的日子，而且路边的树木是绿色的。
tr	I	I was scared to go and she was scared to stay .
tr	O	她感觉到他在看她，但是她没有与他目光相接。
tr	O	她的眼睑垂了下来，并且她努力再次睁开它们。
tr	O	最简单的方法就是沿着密歇根湖的北岸走，并且它最终会直接通往格林湾。
tr	I	She was entirely female but Flora was not a woman .
tr	O	女人们围着一张小桌子拉开椅子，每人点了一杯葡萄酒，除了费思，她喜欢苏打水。
tr	I	She didn 't have to tell him twice , but she 'd never said anything like that before .
tr	I	Now they were waiting for me and they were sacrificing everything for this .
tr	O	谢里登不明白这一点，但是也许这与某种了结有关。
tr	I	I lose myself in the scene and my eyes rove over the details .
tr	O	他走近她，让自己的身体触碰到她的，并且她颤抖了一下，呆呆地点着头，心跳狂乱。
tr	I	His jaw held that amazing shadow of a day 's worth of stubble and his cuffs were rolled at the sleeves .
tr	O	她就可以回到宫殿，并且我们就可以一起统治。
tr	I	Her voice lowered , but her gaze kept his own .
tr	O	她的手机响了，并且她低头看了一眼。
tr	I	She liked to think she 'd played a role in that success and the French Cafe did a thriving business .
tr	O	他们谁都不会靠着客户的费用很快退休，但是他们暂时还很舒服。
tr	I	She was vastly relieved when they reached their destination , but Verity refused to give him the satisfaction of complaining .
tr	I	Her love for him was one of those things , and some things simply were in life .
tr	I	I do not know if I swallowed it , but I felt the cold water in my mouth .
tr	O	他走进她的套房，并且她在他身后关上了门。
tr	O	他一直有些难以捉摸，但是现在他显得如此疏远，以至于艾莉发现走在他身边变得几乎痛苦了。
tr	O	他想告诉她一切，但是他犹豫是否应该。
tr	O	那个柔软而温柔的声音依然坚定，但是她却能听出他声音中的温柔。
tr	I	She could see the dream loosening its grip on him as he slowly came back to her , but it took several minutes .
tr	O	她的血液变凉了，并且她的皮肤发麻了。
tr	I	His words are meant for me , but Ryan keeps his eyes on Doug .
tr	I	I was getting nothing but I continued to call for him .
tr	I	Then it would ruin my plans for the evening , but the latter was more appealing .
tr	I	I don 't ever want to recover , and I 'm drunk off Skyla Messenger .
tr	O	阳光划过天空，在雪上反射，并且她意识到自己是第一次真正地看清了他。
tr	O	该手术是免费的，并且由于人们在植入后变得更健康，绝大多数人都参加了该计划。
tr	I	I know she 's awake and I hear her breathing .
tr	I	I have for weeks and I want my parents .
tr	O	它们是我生命中真实发生的事情，并且如果我有机会逃离它们，我会以最快的速度去做。
tr	O	我倒吸了一口凉气，但是丹尼尔没有转向我。
tr	I	Ice started to form in my veins and the hair on my arms rose up .
tr	I	I instinctively let her have it , and as soon as I got close , the woman reached for my hand .
tr	O	当然，她已经逃脱了眼前的危险，但是她仍然无法放下那些将她与情感隔绝的壁垒。
tr	O	水在她手上感觉冰凉，并且她希望这也能对她的病人产生同样的效果。
tr	I	Rex is missing , but hey , I hate to tell you this .
tr	I	There was an emergency , but I don 't like it .
tr	I	Flung an arm across her boobs and immediately Claire squealed .
tr	I	I 'm finding it hard , but Doc ignores him .
tr	I	He helped Stephanie into the boat before pulling her up and their hands accidentally touched .
tr	O	她和那个恶魔在一起，而且我必须把她带回来。
tr	O	他的手表闪烁了两下，并且他转向它。
tr	I	I-I am far too smart to ever give away my heart again , but if I were anyone else feeling this , I would name it love .
tr	O	火燃起来了，但是却没有足够的空间让它维持下去。
tr	I	I wondered how cold it was in the shade and I thought about the sun creeping down toward the tree line .
tr	I	There would be a feeding frenzy , and maybe he would tip the canoe .
tr	I	They stayed the night , and Linda booked into a hotel .
tr	O	盖尔跑开了，并且贾里德轻声笑了。
tr	O	她杀了我母亲，而且现在她一心要毁灭我的世界。
tr	O	真相刺痛了她，但是她需要知道它，知道所有的一切。
tr	I	I 'm exhausted from the heat and I must be in there almost a half hour because my skin is pruned .
tr	I	He smelled the overwhelming scent of his stale , stomach-churning cologne and a few more seconds elapsed .
tr	O	他等了一分钟，并且仍然没有回应。
tr	I	She kept on writing anyway , but her fingers became sore .
tr	I	It took me forever to get to it , yet it 's such a simple conclusion .
tr	I	A lot of weird stuff had happened already , but it seemed impossible .
tr	O	她以前从未如此在意一份工作，但是男孩深邃的眼睛里有什么东西困扰着她。
tr	I	She was home only to die and the treatments hadn 't worked .
tr	I	I have to put my name on it , and now the company is picking shit for me .
tr	O	数百名年轻专业人士挤在如云的蕨类植物下，并且餐厅变得热闹起来。
tr	I	His face was bleak , and his lower jaw protruded .
tr	I	There 's no way that instinct is going to go away but I 'm sorry , Lily .
tr	I	There was a black stain spreading across the cloth , and she 'd also dropped her pen onto the duvet .
tr	I	He caught my arm , stopping me in my tracks and I turned to walk away from him .
tr	O	他们有了我们三个男孩，并且他们很高兴。
tr	I	He was knowledgeable of such matters , and the crest imprinted in the wax was not a design that Peter was familiar with .
tr	O	是时候换个话题了，并且我把话题引回到莫顿。
tr	O	她的名字是珍，并且我们长得一点也不像。
tr	O	她猛拉缰绳，但是他拒绝被骑。
tr	O	有一瞬间凯瑟琳似乎要让妈妈的刻薄评论过去，但是她最终发出一声长叹。
tr	O	他现在正用双手握着我的手，并且他挂着他标准的迷人笑容。
tr	O	他脸上至少挂着笑容，并且他闻起来像华夫饼。
tr	I	It was situations such as this that reminded me how far we had yet to go , but we 've come a long way in our relationship .
tr	I	They followed the streaks of color until they disappeared in the distance , and I opened my eyes .
tr	I	The Goya lurched in the strong current , and instantly the anchor spool began feeding out lengths of cable .
tr	I	Gregor was shocked by what he saw there , and the rat turned his glowing eyes on him .
tr	O	我们早餐时见到了尼尔，但是他平时都待在自己房间里，让我们自行活动。
tr	I	She would wait until all of her schooling was completed , and the Rileys would finance her research efforts .
tr	O	她点了点头，并且她的能量也流入了阿米蒂体内。
tr	O	我在床上伸手触碰你，但是我找到的只有空虚。
tr	I	He collapsed to the floor and his head jerked around with the hit .
tr	I	His brother looked up from his cards with a worried look on his face and Finn found himself chuckling .
tr	I	Soon she could barely make out Suspicious , let alone the others and the gas filled the chamber quickly .
tr	O	他沾血的嘴巴张着，并且塔维能看到断裂的牙齿。
tr	O	我不太确定那是什么，但是我想要找到它。
tr	I	Then I remembered I was working , but at first I moved towards the couch , I wanted to do whatever he said .
tr	O	树枝沙沙作响，并且新鲜的、细小的叶子在空中打着旋，风呼啸着朝我扑来。
tr	I	It had been so fun , and well , at least she had .
tr	O	她指挥了，并且狗最终跑进了公寓。
tr	O	我的客户礼貌地假装我的脸没有被贴在每一本八卦杂志上，但是我离开他办公室时听到了耳语。
tr	O	她只是与一个更高的灵魂结合了，但是她从今往后的日常生活会不一样。
tr	I	They 'll arrange it and give the Hill traffic office a call .
tr	O	医生们已经放弃了我和艾米，甚至在急诊室宣布我们俩都死了。
tr	I	Lonergan hated doing business with him , and Alex Cooper was a thin weasel of a man .
tr	O	加布里埃拉转过身，并且我崩溃了。
tr	O	之后杰西偶尔还会被灵魂吓到，并且她确实和她最亲密的朋友分享了这些秘密。
tr	I	He knows who I am - unless he 's forgotten me , and I 've met him several times .
tr	O	里面有两个人，但是那是她所能说的全部。
tr	O	什么都没有动，并且没有声音，只有辅助设备的机械噪音。
tr	I	I start my pony and he closes the door .
tr	O	一阵沉默过去了，并且接着瑞安做出了最令人惊奇的事情。
tr	O	我每周至少和他喝一次咖啡，并且我们每周一起去健身房三次。
tr	I	It had no power over me , but it was as if the cold were a sensation .
tr	I	I shoved him into the stove , but he went to walk past me .
tr	I	It didn 't stop me from stopping by his locker to make sure , but I knew better than to look for Jude this early before class .
tr	O	它让我愣了一下，但是休息对我很有好处。
tr	I	Then we continue walking deeper into the darkness , and he nods , understanding .
tr	I	I wanted more of it , and the brief contact was comforting .
tr	I	They sparkled with intelligence , and his eyes were not unkind .
tr	I	I glared at him , heat rising as he watched me , and said Eric .
tr	O	我真希望身边有个灯，但是房间太拥挤了，放不下床头柜。
tr	O	他整夜都在想着她，但是他却一直待在房间里。
tr	I	Kylie didn 't get a warm fuzzy feeling from Holiday 's tone , but her mom seemed to relax .
tr	I	The paint on the woodwork was never peeling , and the grass was always tidy .
tr	I	It made me wonder if I 'd ever be a worthy leader , but it was an honest mistake .
tr	O	他的目光掠过他们每个人，就像一只蜘蛛爬过一张困住苍蝇的网，但是如果他们感到害怕，没有人表现出来。
tr	I	Steam fogged his vision , and the blistering air stung his eyes .
tr	I	I am in no hurry to find out , and there 's definitely something going on in this place .
tr	I	She loved juicy gossip , and Grandma Mary was sweet .
tr	O	我脱口而出，并且当他猛地把头转回来看着我时，我的心提到了嗓子眼。
tr	O	每个球队都需要一个替补四分卫的替补，并且瑞克非常适合这个角色。
tr	I	She affected him as much as he affected her , and that she was here .
tr	O	有一个原因，并且我将找到它。
tr	O	她的脸涨红了，并且她的头发很凌乱。
tr	O	她心中有团火，并且她不吃任何人的那一套。
tr	O	她觉得很傻，但是她并不孤单。
tr	I	My cousin did not know anything about them , and they were left with me at the orphanage .
tr	I	Yet he doesn 't care , and he knows what he does is wrong .
tr	I	When the movie was a box office hit , other doors finally started to open , and Smith had grabbed that chance with both hands .
tr	I	I entered the building and I asked as Nate .
tr	I	After several minutes , he surprised her , but Jasmine thought Romain might ignore her indefinitely .
tr	O	他仍然犹豫了一会儿，但是穿着白色透明斗篷的将军是一个他难以拒绝的女人。
tr	O	她脸上的表情让内森笑了，并且她也跟着轻声笑了。
tr	O	她看着他的脸，希望能读懂他的反应，但是他那雕塑般的容貌变得小心翼翼地空白。
tr	I	Else this would have been an even more unpleasant ordeal , or thankfully I 'd skipped lunch .
tr	O	我踢了他的胸口，并且他向后踉跄了几英尺。
tr	O	他看起来不舒服，并且苏珊知道这一点。
tr	I	His free hand held her elbow , and as he had before , Quinlan passed an arm behind her back to grip the rail .
tr	I	People took a little longer to turn on their fellow humankind and Daylight was not as scary .
tr	O	离日出还有一个小时，但是我的身体已经开始关闭了。
tr	O	威尔没有登上锡吉里耶的顶峰，并且事后他才明白自己本应该那么做。
tr	O	我应该试着阻止他，但是我们越是靠近门边，我越是不想回头。
tr	O	她参加这次会议时就知道他会在这件事上与她对抗，但是她不得不尝试。
tr	O	我愿意给你一切你想要的东西，并且最重要的是，我可以把权力交到你手中。
tr	I	It was enough to keep anyone from charging his way , but he fired blind into the melee , since his aim was so poor anyway .
tr	I	It was clear he was following him , but the man was keeping to the shadows so it was difficult to make out any details about him .
tr	O	她在脑海中搜索着要说的话，但是寒暄的话语却避开了她。
tr	O	我阿姨有自己看待事物的古怪方式，并且有时她会吓到别人。
tr	I	There was no mistaking , but her tone was polite .
tr	O	那个男人很可能爱她，并且那无关紧要。
tr	O	我的胸口再次悸动起来，并且我翻身仰卧，深沉而平稳地呼吸着。
tr	O	她向尼古拉斯坦白，她可以离岗一年，并且没有人会在意。
tr	O	她很柔软，并且她皮肤的触感带有静电，在他的手中酥麻着。
tr	O	杀戮对里约来说并不陌生，但是他从未从中获得过乐趣。
tr	O	我再次尖叫，但是我的喉咙灼痛。
tr	O	瑞安的挣扎正在减弱，并且我能看到他皮肤的干燥，他眼神的迷离。
tr	I	It was clear Mari would have been B team if she 'd stayed in the game , but that was bad enough .
tr	I	The others ' faces were stony , but Laurel gave her an uncertain smile .
tr	I	His lips followed the path of his hands and the thin straps couldn 't hide their nakedness .
tr	O	她那时猛地抬起头，并且萨迪在喉咙里发出低吼。
tr	O	他的手机开始响了，并且爸爸把它从口袋里拽了出来。
tr	O	它会令人平静，而且会很浪漫。
tr	O	他的手指摸索到我们之间，并且他捏了我的阴蒂。
tr	O	她松开了搂着我的手臂，并且我终于可以呼吸了。
tr	O	乔对他竖起了中指，但是肯尼迪只是笑了。
tr	I	It 's important and you need each other .
tr	I	It was no wonder , and he seemed to like that idea .
tr	I	I stared at him and Realization washed over me .
tr	I	The vision began and my eyes roll back to my head .
tr	O	对她而言，这是一份无法言喻的礼物，但是她必须以某种方式表达谢意。
tr	O	他的脸色恢复了，并且他的步履也恢复了轻快。
tr	O	她在挣扎，但是她无法将手臂从材料中取出。
tr	I	He hadn 't felt even a twinge of desire to do so , but yes , he 'd had the opportunity to replace her immediately .
tr	O	我的头剧烈疼痛，但是我的思绪飞转。
tr	O	现在我能清楚地看到它了，而且如果我的血液还没有冰冷，它也会变得冰冷。
tr	O	她的蓝眼睛喷射出怒火，而且她的脸颊变成了最可爱的粉红色。
tr	O	会有伙伴留下，而且贾克斯毫不怀疑他们和那些家伙一样有能力照顾好妮基。
tr	I	Ella stormed in behind her , irate , and Ava wore a pink dress that I would have rather burned than wear .
tr	O	我周围的那群人看起来不那么确定，但是他们又回到了我出现之前正在讨论的话题。
tr	O	她的黑发即使在睡梦中也编成了法式辫子，但是她刘海的一缕乱发垂到了眼睛里。
tr	O	他开始笑了，而且她也哈哈大笑起来。
tr	I	A choked sound bubbled from her throat , and an urge to run raced through her .
tr	O	在他凝视她时，一阵沉默过去了，而且查理突然为她大胆的行为感到尴尬。
tr	I	It was kind of relaxing , and he was a lot more analytical than I expected .
tr	O	这个小镇习惯于每两年举办一次皮提亚竞技会，但是二十位国王的意外降临会使其不堪重负。
tr	O	他们的故事吓到了一些人，但是它似乎给了许多其他人希望。
tr	I	Now the only thing on his books was our trip to Rio , but he was supposed to be gone almost the entire month of December .
tr	I	For a moment I thought he wasn 't going to take it and Callum glanced from the weapon to me .
tr	O	我的内脏好像掉进了无底洞，并且我的喉咙堵住了。
tr	O	它仍然躺在地板上的同一个地方，但是它关着。
tr	O	我把石头放在我的手指上，并且它开始移动。
tr	I	They lie and people deceive .
tr	O	议会的职责是向你进谏，但是你仍然做出决定，因为你是国王。
tr	O	这一切都归结于钱，但是这让他感到困惑。
tr	O	我不至于说他听起来很受震撼，但是他确实看起来比平时少了一些刻薄。
tr	I	I was breaking apart , but Seth called for me again .
tr	O	我能看出他有多紧张，但是他还在动。
tr	I	All the worries I had for her future , and Jamie , the main character , embodied all the wonderful attributes of my sister .
tr	I	He had been used to massacre millions and he was Lucifer 's man right now .
tr	O	坎黛丝可能因为这是正确的事情而告发了其他流氓，或者她可能天生就是个告密者。
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，并且当我感觉到一股巨大的力量通过光束进入我的身体时，我倒吸了一口冷气。
tr	O	一阵模糊的动作中，汤普森夫人已经趴在桌子后面了，并且罗伯特则沿着墙壁滑落，脸上带着惊讶的表情。
tr	I	It wasn 't a copy -- at least of Jin anyway , but Jin saw a person standing in front of him .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it , but she wanted to sink to her knees .
tr	O	斯凯勒在她身旁挪动了一下，并且她抬头看了他一眼。
tr	I	I see now that he was wiser than me , but I didn 't agree .
tr	O	泪水刺痛了我的鼻子，并且我深吸了一口气。
tr	I	Everything Julie needed at that moment and Ethan 's punch was strong .
tr	I	The curious look did not leave her eyes , but she hugged him again .
tr	O	薄暮笼罩了群山，并且寒意也更深了。
tr	O	哈利娜的嘴角扬起一个柔和而悲伤的微笑，并且她瞬间变成了一个迷失而天真的少年。
tr	I	Her punishments had been truly cruel and Silk had a much worse glare .
tr	I	It still mattered to her to protect him , yet she had known he was a predator , that he could be dangerous .
tr	O	麻醉剂仍在她体内，但是医生们向他保证克莱尔很快就会醒来。
tr	O	压力最终会击垮我，并且我就会逃跑。
tr	I	I scowled as my phone went off once more and Ramon waved me to the front door .
tr	I	They will never increase their speed , and some people only use two fingers .
tr	I	You 're a couple months younger than I am , and I won 't even be sixteen for another month .
tr	O	山姆的眼睛可疑地闪着光，并且他的下巴紧紧地咬着。
tr	I	The jungle was silent , and the sounds stopped .
tr	O	我今天早上在床上醒来，并且我甚至不记得离开过健身房。
tr	I	He let it go and he felt the floor touch the bottom of the phone .
tr	O	西蒙娜终于越界了，而且她很清楚。
tr	O	最上面的袋子破了，并且一大堆陈年千层面洒到了我的裤子上。
tr	O	大部分轨道都扭曲了，但是有些轨道却完好地排列着。
tr	I	When he stiffened , she knew Ryder saw them , but she tried to blink them back .
tr	I	My body was so fatigued that it didn 't matter what my brain wanted , but I 'd wanted to see the island from the air .
tr	I	Rebecca isn 't willing to give up anything , but I gave up my daughter to keep everyone safe .
tr	I	I 'll ask Claire and Invite Ella if you like .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure , but the other rider could have been Edward .
tr	O	我的恐惧已经消退，但是我的肾上腺素仍在飙升。
tr	I	They made small talk throughout their meal , and their food came .
tr	I	It didn 't look quite right , but at first glance I imagined it must be a whale because of its size .
tr	I	She saw him running down the driveway to her , but there was no sound .
tr	O	杰斯的耳朵里充满了血液咆哮的声音，盖过了他的恶毒言辞，但是她明白他教训她如何举止得体的威胁。
tr	I	These things were too different , but I knew I was different .
tr	O	她的眼睛被浓密乌黑的睫毛框着，并且她的丰唇是淡淡的粉红色。
tr	O	他转过身，并且我们已经动起来了。
tr	O	她张开双腿邀请，并且他的臀部陷了下去。
tr	I	I 've never had a connection like the one I share with Jewell and I 've been with a lot of women in my lifetime .
tr	O	他试图向右侧身呕吐，但是他最终还是吐在了正前方的地板上。
tr	O	这很不愉快，但是我学得很快。
tr	O	改变眼睛，并且你就改变了一切。
tr	I	Suddenly the air tasted sweeter to Della , and the doctor smiled .
tr	I	You 're not cut out for this and I 've been around this business a long time .
tr	O	威尔因为我被送进了监狱，并且现在我又把卢克拖进了这个烂摊子。
tr	O	我不知道他打算带我去哪里，但是那不重要。
tr	O	我的手找到她的臀部，并且我紧紧抓住她。
tr	O	谢谢你……，并且要小心。
tr	I	Melody saw many people nodding their heads and there was a ripple of laughter in the crowd .
tr	O	我仍然靠预付信用卡上的原始资金生活，并且上面还有很多钱。
tr	O	她为他们三个人点了餐，并且当服务员带着他们的饮料回来时，她还带来了一份水牛城鸡翅。
tr	I	A slight breeze ruffled her bonnet strings , and she sighed .
tr	I	She leaned forward and Sophie 's hands flattened on the table .
tr	O	戴蒙的手紧握住我的，并且然后我们和阿彻一起跑。
tr	O	这一揭示令人震惊，但是它也带来了希望。
tr	I	Her face had never been more lovely to him , but she was too thin still , far too thin .
tr	I	Her dark color added to the notion she was practicing to be an Indian , but she wouldn 't take it kindly to be considered amusing .
tr	I	Getting a little rest before the demons showed back up was appreciated , but I didn 't understand his tactics .
tr	O	片刻之后他露出了笑容，并且佐伊注意到他只有四颗门牙。
tr	O	周围有树林环绕，并且山脉在头顶上方隐约可见。
tr	I	The reality of their situation set in and any fire they 'd held inside quickly waned .
tr	O	一名保安在门口拦住了我们，并且苏珊向他出示了门票。
tr	I	That meant dealing with this bastard and he wanted peace from his past .
tr	I	I suddenly feel trapped , and knowing that she may feel the same about me as I feel about her will complicate things .
tr	O	她想在他面前脱掉衣服，但是她没有那么勇敢。
tr	I	I needed it to make me numb , but I didn 't know how much more it would take .
tr	O	他们身处漏斗之中，并且已经没有回头路了。
tr	I	Suddenly I couldn 't breathe , couldn 't see , could only feel and Sweat became a torrent pouring down my face .
tr	I	Say hi , then go back to their conversation and they all wave .
tr	I	That had been against opponents who were also unarmed , but I 'd studied unarmed combat in Vampire Mountain .
tr	I	I just appeared there , and someone pushed me when I was using my DSM .
tr	I	She felt her heart skip and her mind quit working .
tr	O	它们慢慢地爬到我的胃部，变得平坦，并且他把脸埋在我的发侧。
tr	O	他走向那个身影，并且他们面对面地相遇。
tr	O	他只是大声说出“OMG”，并且他是一个男人。
tr	I	Now she was regretting it even more and she still regretted that day by her locker .
tr	O	他们把我们裹成茧，并且他们裹得越紧，我的胸口感觉越紧。
tr	I	After that wonderful weekend I felt like going back , and everything about the place reminded me why I had gone to Europe for ten years .
tr	O	他只穿着一条缠腰布躺在床上，并且他的胸膛是裸露的。
tr	I	I would hope that it could stand up to a rifle butt , but it had proved to be less than impregnable to missile attacks .
tr	I	He was just now exposing the cores and now they were in the third minute .
tr	O	我很幸运，不过，而且我知道。
tr	O	他不得不深呼吸，并且最终疼痛消失了。
tr	I	One I was getting used to , but it was still a sobering thought .
tr	I	The sun seemed its usual angry late-summer self , but Rachel had found herself squinting through the windshield up at the bright sky above .
tr	O	我感到心头一刺，并且那刺痛升到了我的喉咙里。
tr	O	他已经活了几个世纪，并且毫无疑问他能分辨出何时是夜晚安全起来的时间。
tr	O	我先来了，并且她榨干了我，而我则尽力让她也赶紧跟上。
tr	O	那家人留了下来，但是那之后那是一个悲惨的地方。
tr	O	一只郊狼的嚎叫并不罕见，但是赛奇知道这次嚎叫非常不寻常。
tr	I	I sent Sam to the back for towels , and we were really busy that night .
tr	I	The patrol car was once again dark inside and the car turned off its lights .
tr	O	我没有注意到她站起来，也没有注意到她移动到我上方。
tr	I	His stomach was turning in knots and his knuckles were white by then .
tr	I	I didn 't know if she could save me , but I wanted Clementine to make it alright .
tr	O	他抓住了艾丽的胳膊，并且我走开去寻找我的桌子。
tr	I	After going through it , we thought this would be the way to get her attention , and Peter had a copy of The Seattle Sinner .
tr	I	They were eye to eye , of the same height , and he sat down directly opposite as Reuben knew he would .
tr	I	I was slowly reentering the real world and rhys had given my cell phone back this morning .
tr	I	They both took a drink and he touched glasses with Haddington .
tr	I	I balk , and the tunnel slants downward sharply , becoming more of a slide .
tr	I	There were far worse ends for a soldier , but no man welcomed death .
tr	O	并不是我自己厨艺有多好，但是我至少会切菜。
tr	O	他们不配拥有基尔伯恩家族的财富，并且我将确保他们永远也见不到一分钱。
tr	I	She gave him a dark , womanly smile that was filled with the promise of paradise , and her head tilted back .
tr	O	我们试图劈开一条路，但是没有用。
tr	I	I don 't care and I don 't know .
tr	O	他们以一种更根本的方式联系在一起，并且她就在这里，坐在他的办公室里，拿着一副扑克牌。
tr	I	It surprised me , but I didn 't mean to say that so loudly .
tr	O	一件打着补丁的棕色斗篷披在他的肩上，并且一把普通的皮鞘剑挂在他的腰间。
tr	I	She required the three bedrooms next to hers to be refitted as closets and Carlo snored like a chainsaw .
tr	I	He leans closer to me , and his eyes open .
tr	O	安东尼亚没有听到他走到她身边，但是这对于托马斯来说并不罕见。
tr	O	他告诉我该带你去哪儿，并且他告诉我让你安全。
tr	O	我想把它从我的脑海中抹去，但是我们也不是没说过话。
tr	I	The yawning front door meant trouble and the police had not responded yet .
tr	I	You didn 't have good people , family , friends , at your back and it would just suck if it happened to you .
tr	I	On this trip he brought the huge bottle of Southern Comfort , and my best friend Ron always seemed to have some alcoholic beverage wherever we went .
tr	I	The sooner I got rid of him the better and he was more of a burden to me .
tr	I	I couldn 't elaborate , but Lana arched an eyebrow at that .
tr	O	他在家，并且她很高兴。
tr	O	我们作为一个种族天生就具有运动天赋，并且我们的新陈代谢让我们能像怪物一样进食。
tr	I	You 'll be on your way and only one more stop to make .
tr	O	我以为基利安会对我的决定感到不安，但是他没有。
tr	O	我倒在她旁边的沙发上，并且她的臀部擦过我的。
tr	I	As she turned to the path he caught her hand , but reluctantly , she slid from the warmth of his jacket .
tr	I	He was sure she 'd stop if she knew he was listening , and he didn 't want to interrupt her .
tr	I	He held on , with Alicia struggling in his tight grip , but Paul felt his feet rise from the ground .
tr	I	She could hear the tortured scream of wood being ripped asunder and it was dark .
tr	I	To keep up the disguise now was pointless , but a lie by omission waited on his lips .
tr	O	他会解决这个问题，并且她可以继续下去。
tr	O	他的手指不再有致命的爪尖，并且他的眼睛，虽然依旧锐利，但已改变。
tr	I	Callum grinned at me as I turned around to follow him , and I rolled my eyes behind Micah 's back .
tr	I	They were brilliantly red even in the dim light , but she wore trousers like the men , gathered at the ankle .
tr	O	森林在技术上属于这个乡镇，但是他们没有把它围起来。
tr	I	He 's too far away , but I want to punch him in the arm .
tr	O	爱德华独自一人在那里，并且雅各布走向了他。
tr	O	情况确实变了，并且她被逼到了绝境。
tr	I	It sounds just like my Realization , but this might be because of the accident last year .
tr	I	I 've only taken one in the three days I 've been here , and Gary managed to miss the pills in my bag .
tr	O	又一阵恶心伴随着冷汗涌上心头，并且我把头侧了过去，因为我的胃在抽搐。
tr	I	The dog loved the attention but Matt knew that Fred would do no such thing .
tr	I	He frowned , and I met Asher 's gaze across the table .
tr	I	I had miscalculated my conniving wife , but I thought my prayers had gone unanswered when she didn 't show any sign of doing much else .
tr	O	她的双脚在空中交叉摆动，而且她的眼里充满期待，可爱极了。
tr	O	我以为他错过了我，但是他故意把母马困住了。
tr	O	他的脚步确实开始偏向塔楼，但是他强迫自己返回。
tr	I	They were full of heat , and his eyes were on me .
tr	I	He raised an eyebrow and he contemplated her for a moment before his frown cleared .
tr	O	我希望是愤怒，但是抛硬币都会比试图解读他的表情给我更多启示。
tr	I	The transformation was amazing , but I had no idea what the theme was last year .
tr	I	My replacement , Ava Paige , is ready to take charge , and I have been decommissioned .
tr	I	Because the doors were closed , I did not know which was Ruth 's , but there was a room on either side of the hallway .
tr	O	未开封的信件堆是我首要处理的事项，并且之后我阅读了公司的邮件。
tr	O	我看到他时几乎噎住了自己的呼吸，并且当我听到他说话时，我以为自己会融化。
tr	O	我站在她身后，并且我花了一点时间才解读我所看到的一切。
tr	I	The bedding gave way beneath his hand but he reached out to nudge her shoulder .
tr	O	我唯一亲近的人是查丽蒂，并且我已有六年没见过她了。
tr	I	Douglas caught her hand but when they 'd closed the door again , Julia started to go to her rooms .
tr	I	We 've confirmed a purchase by Barr less than a year ago , and the Lake City ammo is relatively rare .
tr	I	His men have already discovered how little they know about getting around up here , but he might think otherwise .
tr	O	他是如此温暖，并且我是如此寒冷。
tr	O	他的嘴唇紧抿成一条细线，并且他的额头皱得如此之深，以至于浓密的眉毛几乎遮住了他的眼睛。
tr	O	我的腿很痛，并且我懒得起身去续杯。
tr	I	He wouldn 't be in this world but he imagined that he would be somewhere .
tr	O	她走了，并且对此你无能为力。
tr	I	I can 't keep it , but I will treasure it forever .
tr	O	我已经报了入室盗窃案，并且我会处理警方的事情。
tr	O	这确实发生了，并且这就是证据。
tr	I	She would never cross a line , but she may be envious of what we have .
tr	I	Luisa didn 't moved towards Lea , but Lea prepared herself to avoid direct confrontation with Luisa .
tr	O	莎拉似乎对窗外的风景很感兴趣，但是她没骗到我。
tr	O	一个身影在她面前突然出现，并且杰西卡本能地抬起手来保护她的脸。
tr	O	我不知道该说什么，并且似乎其他人也不知道。
tr	I	I felt the heat of that stare even through my clothes and her eyes dragged over my body .
tr	I	She didn 't plan on starting now and giving up wasn 't in her nature .
tr	O	他们曾考虑乘坐加长悍马豪华轿车抵达，但是凯特告诉他们悍马两年前就已经过时了。
tr	I	Her voice softens a little and her arms fall to her sides .
tr	I	These seats are tiny and you 're way bigger than me .
tr	I	Normally it would rub me very wrong , and it 's more a statement than a question , more an order than a request .
tr	O	她伸手去拿了一块柠檬棒，她根本没打算吃它，但是这是礼貌的做法。
tr	I	His expression showed a trace of excitement , but Aristotle seemed baffled by their hand gesture .
tr	O	她挡住了我的路，但是我的脸一定看起来很凶，因为我走近她时她迅速让开了。
tr	I	Few things surprised him , and Dahlia was a surprise .
tr	I	They got a readout of surface conditions , and then the screen changed .
tr	I	He felt Artie grip his legs tighter , and his pant leg tore .
tr	I	A shiver of pleasure ran up my spine , and our lips crashed together again .
tr	I	Three hours after we reported for work , it was still dead , and the Saturday night crowd never came in .
tr	O	他知道我在这里，并且他会来找我。
tr	O	它并没有真的砰地关上，但是听起来确实像那样。
tr	I	Laila slammed into her from behind , and Nicola ground to an abrupt halt .
tr	O	她在别处见过他，也许在室内，但是那不太对劲。
tr	O	某种东西引起了狗的注意，并且它跑向了另一棵树。
tr	O	霍利迪弯下腰脱鞋，并且凯莉也做了同样的事。
tr	I	The look on his face told me not to challenge him but I wanted to ask him why couldn 't Lily do it .
tr	I	She forced herself not to fidget at the heat that gathered between her legs and he searched her eyes .
tr	I	It is possible there is a fourth and this concerns the monster that did this , did it to three other girls .
tr	O	他知道当时能够为爱而结婚是多么幸运，并且他知道现在自己是多么幸运。
tr	I	I never will and I never have .
tr	I	He held Rahim 's watch in his hand , and Bill asked for transportation for the prisoner , along with the bomb squad .
tr	O	如果你不这样做的话，毒素就会积累，并且最终你就会死去，就像你姐姐一样。
tr	I	This time I rolled , and I was dropped again .
tr	I	I was heartbroken all over again and Seth got up to face her .
tr	O	盖子被掀开了，并且一道彩虹般的光芒从盒子里射出，在密室的半明半暗中闪烁着。
tr	O	他只剩下查理的击球，一场动员讲话，然后达尔当晚就离开了。
tr	O	她咯咯地憋住笑声，并且他疑惑地看着她。
tr	I	I sensed the sickening strangled noise I heard came from me and I feared it 'd snap my neck .
tr	I	The game would stop and the ref would whistle .
tr	I	It 's obvious that can 't happen with me , and he deserves to finally be happy .
tr	I	It wasn 't just because he could make a mean cup of coffee , and Women all over Richmond came to this coffee shop .
tr	O	他们只以为这又是他的一个妄想，而且他有很多这样的妄想。
tr	I	I could feel my smile fading and my head turned back to Lilly .
tr	O	他眨了眨眼，眼睛恢复了正常，皮肤每秒钟都变得更加金黄。
tr	I	Her gaze focused squarely on Annabelle , but she stopped in front of him .
tr	I	I know that is something I am no longer entitled to do , but I want to give him comfort .
tr	O	她的头左右摇晃，并且她现在很难集中注意力。
tr	I	I heard little crunches beneath my feet and the mirage fractured .
tr	O	他迅速瞥了一眼搬运工，想看看他们的反应，但是他们只表现出困惑，没有恐惧。
tr	O	赞德把泥土弄进了我的头发，而且我仍然能感觉到一些泥土结块在我的头皮上。
tr	I	Her assistant appeared and Lorelei 's office door creaked open .
tr	I	Finally their calls were answered , and it was not until the sun peeked over the horizon that activity was evident .
tr	I	She noticed he 'd just had a haircut and he carried himself in that way she found so attractive .
tr	I	The wind rushes in as my dad stumbles into the kitchen and the back door swings open .
tr	I	His hands reached desperately for the trees , but the tentacle tried to lift him skyward .
tr	I	He slipped his other arm behind me , pulling me away , and he kept his right hand on the door .
tr	O	我可以牵制住将军，并且阿曼达可以担任我们的政治委员。
tr	O	房子终于映入眼帘，并且伊森坐在门廊的摇椅上，看着她的车。
tr	I	The the desert surrounded the town , and the town surrounded them far below .
tr	I	Radiating from it were two corridors of rooms , and in the center was a nurse 's station .
tr	I	They parted with a demure hug , and Chase followed her onto the street .
tr	I	She had a question of her own but he might think her forward to ask .
tr	O	我发现他正凝视着我，并且我凝视着他深邃的眼睛。
tr	I	In need of the solitude he was only likely to find in the jungle outside and Lucas shoved to his feet , restless .
tr	O	他握紧的拳头举到嘴边，并且他作呕。
tr	I	There wasn 't one , but I looked for a redial button .
tr	O	他把手放在那人的肩膀上，并且他们立刻被传送走了。
tr	O	海德敏锐的眼睛眯了起来，但是霍林勋爵已经在点头了。
tr	O	图书馆的主体部分呈一个巨大的穹顶状，并且弧形天花板一直开凿到顶部。
tr	I	I froze wondering if he was coming on to me and he paused .
tr	I	His face went absolutely pale , and Miles gave Amara one look .
tr	O	我突然问道，几乎是在吼叫，并且她停了下来。
tr	I	I reached over to get it off the nightstand and my phone rang .
tr	I	Then was quickly shut after him , leaving him in total darkness , and the door swung inward just wide enough for the Prince to enter .
tr	O	毋庸置疑，法官们非常认真地对待他们的任务，并且他们从未未能完成它们。
tr	I	He stopped , but Graham started to say that would never happen .
tr	O	她的 F大脑专注于解决问题，并且她的脸上绽开了灿烂的笑容。
tr	O	我每周都涂上一层新的，先生，而且您不会发现我打喷嚏的，先生。
tr	O	他把袋子倾斜了一下，并且里面一些明亮、糖衣的物品滚落到床垫上。
tr	O	贝蒂的嘴巴张大了，并且她目不转睛地看着他。
tr	O	有人把一角酒倒在了鲁本的头上，并且他现在看到劳拉也以同样的方式被浇灌。
tr	I	My breath seized and my heart froze .
tr	I	There was too much of him and Nicolas was too heavy .
tr	O	有东西在蠕动，并且她想看看。
tr	O	他们散发出一种好的氛围，而且他们不是唯一的人。
tr	I	Diana looked dreamy , but Keller almost giggled .
tr	O	我有时想他可能受了伤，但是我只从那个想法中获得了幸灾乐祸的满足。
tr	O	她只能断断续续地说，否则恐惧就会爆发出来。
tr	I	The Firm knows it , and it won 't be easy on either of you .
tr	O	他对威胁反应不佳，并且他讨厌先退让。
tr	I	We 'll end up sharing the same fate as Kevin or once we 're plugged in , we can 't disconnect .
tr	I	He finally felt his own relief and he growled at the sudden burst as his release exploded .
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她嚼得更快了，在这样的场合赤身裸体让她感到尴尬。
tr	I	She glared at me and I smiled at her .
tr	I	They may as well be at opposite ends of the earth , but tonight , they 're sitting at opposite ends of the lab .
tr	O	她身体不适，无法跟上谈话，但是为了巴克斯特，她开口说话以分散他们的注意力，尤其是诺亚。
tr	O	我听到锁咔嗒一声，并且最终它开了。
tr	I	Soon enough Nick had him under him , and Kelly didn 't try to fight it .
tr	I	The smile disappeared a second later , but he smiled .
tr	I	Suddenly , she could see , and her blindfold was removed .
tr	I	That wouldn 't be readily obvious to the Alchemists , and turning off the gas on the detainee level would affect sleep right now .
tr	I	She hoped the moisture wouldn 't ruin Diana 's box , and the sand scooped out by the trowel was caked now .
tr	I	The look on her face is filled with hatred , but Callie is the sweetest girl I 've ever met .
tr	I	Lytle Creek was a real gem , tucked away amongst tall peaks and I had always liked the San Gabriel 's canyons .
tr	O	她永远不会忘记，但是她也永远无法重新找回。
tr	I	It could go from bad to worse really fast , and I know that if I panic , my heart rate will go up .
tr	O	当我穿过我的宅邸大门时，我感到一如既往的舒适感，但是这次它减弱了。
tr	I	It was she who first kissed me , and her dark eyes sparkled .
tr	O	我应得的，并且你知道。
tr	O	几个小时后她的脚开始疼痛，并且她的嘴巴像羊皮纸一样干。
tr	O	没有什么比一个好的谜团更能吸引他了，而且他说的也不是书本里的那种。
tr	I	I have never been able to see his face , but one day I heard the nurse call him .
tr	O	我在他身下疯狂挣扎，但是他轻易地把我按住了。
tr	I	I was desperate to come up with a project , but I had never tried to force an idea before .
tr	O	她的孩子会在它注定要出生的地方出生，并且他们都会平安。
tr	I	He pushed his shoulders back , thinking of Cleo 's mysterious blue eyes , and the floor thumped as he walked .
tr	I	It is definitely not a game , but it can be wonderful .
tr	O	亚里士多德是身材较矮小的人之一，然而他却囊括了最多的概念。
tr	O	他无法使用那个确切的账户，因为他没有密码，但是很多人都有不止一个电子邮件地址。
tr	O	索菲看起来很受震动，但是她仍在努力保持她的专业素养。
tr	O	他能听到典狱长喊他停下，但是他甚至没有转头。
tr	O	我有时能联系到Ria家，但是更远的地方就根本不可能了。
tr	O	凯特双腿颤抖着站着，并且眩晕感很快又回来了。
tr	I	I moved into the apartment upstairs and I left Mom 's house .
tr	O	查德在几秒钟内就到了杰克的办公室，并且杰克向他更新了情况。
tr	I	I almost began to hyperventilate and my breath trapped in my throat .
tr	O	他嘲笑了我的评论，并且瞬间，我的耐心就耗尽了。
tr	I	Luke probably paid to reserve it , but it was meant for larger parties .
tr	I	For now she was content to see that the sound frightened Shema , but in due time they 'd join them .
tr	I	The baby is due today and Michael found a new ward for Devlin .
tr	O	我们之间弥漫着片刻的沉默，并且乐队开始演奏杰森·阿尔丁的歌曲。
tr	I	It was enough -- but all she found was love .
tr	I	He couldn 't figure out why and the irritation in Shane 's gut exploded into all-out anger .
tr	I	His eyes are trained on Miller , but he 's trying to look casual .
tr	O	马尔设法阻止了那些，但是那不能成为她犯错的借口。
tr	I	She slid a hand over her belly , and Excitement squeezed her insides .
tr	O	你已经知道歌剧那回事了，但是我的第二大爱好是波特酒。
tr	O	你把心给了他，并且他会利用它。
tr	O	隔一会儿，她就会往后仰打个喷嚏，但是随后她又会回到他身边。
tr	I	I realize that my pitiful performance is getting captured on film , and he 's pointing the camera at me .
tr	O	她不希望男人碰她，然而她所有的神经末梢都为他而燃烧。
tr	O	他的呼吸没有突然急促，但是他的手指沿着扳机移动。
tr	I	Pulling clothing on hastily and Marco was human again .
tr	O	有几个卢卡斯·斯通，但是没有一个是她的。
tr	O	他帮我下马，并且我们把它们拴在附近一根结实的树枝上。
tr	O	贝克特医生陷入了自己的谎言中，而且他甚至都不知道。
tr	I	Slowly breaking it apart and the face of the rock was only broken by a tangle of roots , stubbornly .
tr	I	I hit the floor and the platform crumbled away .
tr	I	We 'll get things moving in a positive direction for you right after Thomas has to go back to the kindergarten and you can come with me .
tr	O	感谢上帝走廊很窄，并且她不止一次擦过它们。
tr	I	He just smiles instead of waking up to the noise , but Darcie 's husband holds their tiny son .
tr	I	I don 't even know if he loves me , and he 'll be four years old in a little while .
tr	I	The deer moves out of the way , and Nita presses the horn with her fingertips .
tr	I	He had made another promise as well , but Anon was tasked to continue his race .
tr	I	I have heard countless lies and I have heard the truth told .
tr	O	她抬头看了一眼审判官，并且一块金属碎片射向她的脸。
tr	I	Only hoarse whispers would leave him , but he tried to find his voice .
tr	O	Lacy点了点头，并且他向前倾身，将另一只手臂环住露辛达。
tr	O	我刚要说汉娜已经做过了，但是诺艾尔在我还没来得及说出那些话之前就把我从铺位上拖了出来。
tr	I	Cabal goes outside to take watch , but Fin lays down holding his pistol across his chest .
tr	I	It wouldn 't budge , but grabbing the bottom of my T-shirt , I tried to rip off a piece .
tr	O	生存训练更加艰苦，并且在接下来的几天里，我们将开始分发即将到来的侦察任务。
tr	O	她脸上所有的生气都消失了，并且她的双肩无力地垂了下来。
tr	I	She winced , and Antonietta heard the dull thud of his fist making contact .
tr	I	Here she sits , looking at me , yet she 's been dead for three years .
tr	I	She barely took notice but someone blasted their horn .
tr	I	Every inch of sound appeared to be intensified a hundred times and my ears were on full alert .
tr	I	Kate just knew it would be another money spinner for him too , and there were even rumors of him getting his very own reality show .
tr	I	They didn 't have time for that now , and Amy seemed then like a talkative team mate .
tr	O	她又咯咯地笑了，并且我深吸了一口气。
tr	I	I saw a glowing path , and I looked around , trying to find what he was talking about .
tr	I	It was dead , but Misty shook the flashlight .
tr	I	What she was really going to enjoy was that hotel suite , but the first-class air ticket was wonderful .
tr	I	None of them had much to say to her , either , but none of the three had been at the launch site killings .
tr	I	I shoved the Reboots in front of me out of the way and Anger exploded inside my chest .
tr	O	他知道她想从他那里得到什么，并且他没有准备好让她轻易得逞。
tr	O	她的眉毛皱了起来，并且她僵硬的姿势收紧，然后放松下来。
tr	I	She really wasn 't into this and that maybe I 'd misread her .
tr	O	她的呼吸逐渐平稳下来，并且她走向了她的床。
tr	O	她的宫殿今晚看起来相对较暗，但是仍然会有守卫。
tr	I	With the sheriff , we served the warrants and Wyatt had left .
tr	I	People would believe that it was planning a secret retreat , and it had a reputation for extreme subterfuge .
tr	I	In the end , I was praying I could save his life , and it was ironic that he 'd been born to be my protector .
tr	O	那是绝对的真相，但是让我兴奋的与其说是头发本身，不如说是头发所象征的意义。
tr	I	Instead he nodded , but he looked like he wanted to say something more to her .
tr	O	她看到他的下巴绷紧，但是他摇了摇头。
tr	O	杰克将他的嘴唇贴在我的额头上，并且我在他的触碰下闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	几辆车的窗户破碎了，并且一名巫师被向后抛入空中。
tr	I	Then he noticed that it was the only sound , and Manuel heard the sound of a struggle behind him .
tr	O	伊甸进入了我的意识，并且我意识到她正在偷听。
tr	I	The glass shattered and he smiled .
tr	O	我不确定如何反应，并且很明显伊桑也不知道。
tr	O	有一个晚上她躲在图书馆里，但是他走了进来，翻阅着一些文件，看到她时突然停了下来。
tr	I	Randolph crossed over and the light changed .
tr	I	It 's far enough we don 't have to when we don 't and it 's close enough we can see each other when we want to .
tr	O	门开了，并且一股冰冷的气流侵入了房间。
tr	O	不过它很偏远，并且我不确定我如何靠它谋生。
tr	O	黑暗吞噬了她，并且她消失了。
tr	O	星期二甚至更好，并且我希望最糟糕的已经过去。
tr	I	I still don 't think you have the patience , but it 's not that you haven 't tried .
tr	O	永远不要在与头部齐高的地方探头看角落，或者你很可能会被射掉。
tr	O	夜行者说那是一只美洲狮，而且从它的爪印大小来看，那是一只大的。
tr	I	My body tensed and as I pulled open the door she shook her head at me .
tr	I	I was supposed to go out with her like this , but I was told my hair would grow back in eventually ?
tr	O	他十年没见过茉莉了，并且这十年对她非常好。
tr	I	There was no way he was going to make it , but he began to walk faster towards the door .
tr	O	~ * ~ 普雷泽尔很快就掌握了治疗犬业务，而且好几位病人——主要是孩子——非常喜欢她的努力。
tr	I	I wasn 't terribly envious of whoever he was about to come face-to-face with , and Daniel was muttering to himself as he hurried to answer it .
tr	I	She crawled over to the driver 's seat and her jaw tightened .
tr	O	他们被带到一张俯瞰第十八洞的桌子，并且杰弗里在饮料送上时询问了伊森的比赛情况。
tr	I	Angelina was barely aware of her father speaking from inside , and the window rolled down .
tr	I	Julia couldn 't believe her eyes and he looked for a second uncertain .
tr	I	There was also something else lurking there , but he still had the playful glint in his eyes .
tr	I	They had all ramped up their fashion game , and they were out for Brooke 's twenty-seventh birthday .
tr	O	我把脚甩上去，并且我把它们缠绕在上面以固定住我。
tr	I	She returned my kiss tentatively and I lowered my lips to find hers .
tr	I	He also knew my father , and he was one of my uncle 's oldest friends .
tr	O	阿莎的祖父也曾是一个被排斥的人，并且他将自己的信仰传给了他的孩子们。
tr	I	I 'd made a massive ass out of myself and he hadn 't meant any of it .
tr	I	I didn 't even really notice , but the strings cut into my hips .
tr	I	I hated the idea of sharing her with anyone - even random citizens on the street and a bizarre kind of greed had settled over me .
tr	O	我的腿决定再次工作，受到我新近清醒状态的激励，但是每当我绷紧任何一块肌肉时，它都会痛。
tr	I	At first I wasn 't sure how I felt about that , and he asked if he could tag along .
tr	O	我们会打电话给当局，并且他们会处理他。
tr	O	站在边线旁的是她的哥哥，并且就在他旁边是她过去几天一直试图避开的男人。
tr	O	我知道不同之处，并且我知道出于某种奇怪的原因，阿斯顿是我的风暴镇定剂，我的火焰供给者。
tr	O	他的獠牙伸了出来，并且他的眼睛发出了红光。
tr	O	我知道那些家伙的能力，并且每当我想起时，我仍然会不寒而栗。
tr	I	Preston locked this , too , and they had also installed a deadbolt .
tr	I	It felt different , worn , with the sharp edges removed and I picked it up .
tr	O	我看着我的手指，修长纤细，还带着三周前涂的蓝色指甲油的痕迹。
tr	I	She could not divert her hand , but the shaking of the beneath her feet began to intensify .
tr	O	他确实有道理，但是这却是她人生中第一次成为流言蜚语的对象。
tr	O	她知道那是一个榴弹发射器，并且她不想参与其中。
tr	O	对于他们俩来说，价格都太高了，并且终于，他能为她做些什么了。
tr	I	He bowed his head and Julian 's brown eyes softened .
tr	O	她在六十年代发出了强有力的声音，并且迪伦知道没有人比他母亲更珍视那些观念。
tr	O	那只会将不公平延续下去，而且莉莉会比我当时更加无力阻止已经发生的一切。
tr	I	I saw that it was a man driving the car , dressed in black and it flashed in my mind again .
tr	I	Almost every one had Ty Grady in it , and most were of him in uniform .
tr	O	斯卡尔离开了魔药室，并且她前往王座。
tr	I	You can rescue me , but I would not be able to rescue you .
tr	O	黛西可能看起来很坚强，但是她很容易受伤。
tr	O	笔从我手中滑落，并且我绝望地交叉双手。
tr	I	They were always replaced with something more , but I might have purged the feelings that sent me out there .
tr	O	他的表情突然变得疲惫多于愤怒，并且当他说话时，他的声音毫无感情。
tr	I	She knew what she wanted to answer , and she knew what he asked .
tr	O	对不起，莱拉，但是我们不能再等了。
tr	O	不是带着她对马克斯的那种激情，而是带着他们曾经分享的那种余留的爱。
tr	I	He glanced viciously at Yuri , and a shadow passed over his face .
tr	I	His voice chilled me , and his eyes seemed to bore directly into me .
tr	I	She tried hard not to panic and she stil heard nothing back .
tr	O	我挑战了电工胶带，但是他没有让步。
tr	O	我带着基尔南走向楼梯内侧，并且我们悄悄地爬上了酒店黑暗的三楼。
tr	I	I wanted it back , and that was my voice .
tr	I	You can probably tell I don 't have a lot of love for my sister , but you may have gotten the hint .
tr	I	Something deep within her had died , but under other circumstances , Leslie might have fallen in love with him .
tr	O	她的拳头抓紧了我脖子上的绳索，并且她用力一拉，差点把我勒死。
tr	I	His body begrudgingly moved and he felt William nudge him toward the door .
tr	O	记得的人很少，但是那少数人非常危险。
tr	I	Maybe he could drown her memory in blood , but he couldn 't get Kathy out of his heart .
tr	O	那些美丽的蓝眼睛一眨，我的大脑就融成了浆糊，并且过了一会儿我才收集好我的思绪来回应。
tr	I	I sighed and I heard my sister run down the stairs .
tr	O	她不想冒犯，但是她必须离开。
tr	I	Before she realized it , she had already passed her destination , and her mind wandered as she fell in with the bustling crowd .
tr	I	She held him close , grinning , and Eddie held his chubby hands out to Holly , eager for her again .
tr	O	他们在罗利变得紧张起来，并且如你所知，我很快就要举行选举了。
tr	O	卢修斯把卡刷进旁边的小槽里，并且一个小绿灯亮了起来。
tr	O	我捏了她的屁股，并且这让她尖叫起来。
tr	I	It still hurt , but he was gentle .
tr	I	He wouldn 't let her , but she tried to pull away .
tr	I	My arrows whispered harmlessly through the fog , unable to snag those fast-moving targets , and two of the onrushing knights were mounted .
tr	I	He would gladly have dispatched this one again , but it had been a long time since he 'd killed another vampire .
tr	O	她推了推他的后背，但是他没有回应。
tr	I	Her loudmouth tendencies were already getting on my nerves , and I barely knew her .
tr	I	She looked up and the dragging stopped .
tr	I	He wasn 't able to interpret them in any way , but he saw the range of emotions in her eyes .
tr	O	她工作努力、聪明，并且她很快就被提拔了。
tr	I	She 'd started crying and he 'd kissed her .
tr	O	当我回到我的房间时，已经刚过午夜，而且我精疲力尽。
tr	O	是的，她是，而且她离他越近，她内心那份最原始的渴望就越强烈地想和他在一起。
tr	O	迪伊犹豫了很久，但是我没有帮助她。
tr	O	他的眉毛皱了起来，而且有一瞬间，我以为他会这么做。
tr	O	我抓起筷子，并且他倒了酒。
tr	I	She cracked her head on the floor , and her leg collapsed out from beneath her .
tr	I	Paintings bedecked the walls , and doors lined each side .
tr	I	Anyone could take a look at her arms , which showed that Lea had good muscles , but Lea 's shirt hid most of her body .
tr	O	他把它当成一个玩笑，但是其他人交换着那种人们在同时被一个好主意惊到时会有的眼神。
tr	O	他的守卫转过身，并且刺客一动不动地盯着。
tr	I	Ryan had won and I had lost .
tr	O	雷玛试图将注意力集中在马车外，但是他伸手捏住她的下巴，强迫她看着他。
tr	I	Before I knew to run , tolerance ran dry , and my habits had not gone unnoticed .
tr	I	I 'm in the doghouse again where her thoughts are concerned , and she tosses up that mental barrier .
tr	I	He was in no mood for mucking about and the public was in danger .
tr	I	He dared them to stop him and he had bigger fire power too .
tr	O	他们不可能知道真相，但是他们诋毁巴克让我很困扰。
tr	O	我已经知道了关于舒格的真相，而且我就是无法面对那个夜晚，那些孩子们，我的朋友们，你。
tr	I	The machine slipped from his hands , loudly clanging on the stone below him and her voice startled him .
tr	O	我需要钱，而且我确实需要医疗福利。
tr	I	Cronus took in a deep breath and the machines seemed to be moving toward them .
tr	O	他的目光回到了她身上，并且她在他脸上看到的决心也增强了。
tr	I	She says she doesn 't care , but I have no idea where she 's going to stay .
tr	I	It is a light brown with blonde highlights from the sun , but I can 't see his hair right now .
tr	I	He said he knew that you had no interest , that you hated the creatures and he looked at me then .
tr	O	他渴望地想着杰克卧室里的特大号床垫，但是他会凑合着应对他所处的条件。
tr	O	他看起来一点也不好，但是至少他还没到鬼门关。
tr	O	降落伞像一个巨大的蘑菇一样打开了，而且他被猛地一拉，下降速度减慢了。
tr	I	After investigation , Manny found hoof tracks but the prints were hopelessly buried beneath the morning 's confusion .
tr	O	我们涂掉了名字，但是损害已经造成了。
tr	I	The brown-eyed beauty was one of them and JMS High had beautiful ladies .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be stuck trying to make small talk with a monarch , but she 'd have to leave Simon .
tr	O	爱丽丝坐在爱德华常坐的位置，并且这似乎让查理很高兴。
tr	O	蒂根的眼皮颤动着，并且她盯着地板，希望杰克没有注意到。
tr	O	我知道你正在经历一段非常艰难的时期，但是我很高兴看到你为和他们在一起而奋斗。
tr	I	I think you will feel the same way and it 's bewitched me .
tr	O	大门打开了，并且骑士们冲了出来，手里拿着战斧而不是长矛。
tr	O	帕奇停了下来，并且我能看到他脸上写满了困惑。
tr	I	Then I remember , and for a moment I 'm confused .
tr	I	I wondered if she had felt that sweet jolt of electricity as well , and she looked at me in surprise .
tr	O	丹尼尔拿起点燃的火炬，并且这次他双脚先落地，跳进了小房间。
tr	I	He pulled out a little gilded box , and I turned to him .
tr	O	这个答案让我吃了一惊，但是我很快就恢复了镇定。
tr	O	我知道他的首选是谁，并且他的回应意味着一件事。
tr	I	His heart lurched , and she glowed with excitement .
tr	O	也许他们都参与其中，并且这是一种大规模行动。
tr	O	我以前从未和男人走到这一步，但是我我知道我想要和他在一起。
tr	O	夜晚很冷，但是寒冷让他清醒了。
tr	I	I frowned and she shook her head .
tr	O	我们认为你和科尔伯特医生可能以某种方式卷入其中。
tr	I	A man was there , and she turned her head .
tr	I	Each ends in the glowing point of a pain sword , and it has a dozen arms .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do but she didn 't like that feeling .
tr	I	The pain was too intense , but I tried to sit up .
tr	O	他开始脱衣服，并且索菲亚尴尬地把目光移开了。
tr	O	我点了点头，希望奇迹般地时间倒流了，并且那天是我离开的那天的中午。
tr	I	His eyes had yellowed , and his skin had darkened .
tr	I	I 'm riding the blinding adrenaline of an escape but I should know that the guards have no way to follow me .
tr	O	我的大腿肌肉灼痛，并且我的臀部也一样。
tr	I	It 's always nighttime when he does his deliveries and they live on the opposite side of the world .
tr	I	A real man understands that forgiveness is hard , but Vengeance is easy .
tr	I	I found myself defenseless under her gaze , and her eyes were like two sky-blue pearls .
tr	I	He would not forsake the task that had been asked of him , but his heart ached at the piteous sight of her .
tr	O	她立刻命令两个男人离开她的房子，但是当两人拒绝离开时，她威胁要报警。
tr	I	A severed head from the body of a friend was not one of them , but Pussy had dealt with a lot of shit in his time .
tr	I	He wrapped a strong arm around her waist and Gannon 's eyes softened .
tr	O	他说，并且亨利犹豫了。
tr	I	It 's all my fault and you 're leaving .
tr	I	His mother burst into tears , and Noah 's father looked shocked .
tr	O	维京人猛扑向前，并且我跳着后退以避开他的攻击范围。
tr	O	这不是老虎第一次被阿南西耍弄，并且这也不会是最后一次。
tr	I	I was sure I did the same to him , and he bored me to tears .
tr	I	I think it 's another way to tighten the screws and he 's been trying to blackmail me .
tr	O	我不知道那事，但是今天人们似乎真的认为一切都如此脆弱。
tr	I	We were assaulted by heavy fire coming from a building up the street , but by early afternoon , we were getting ready to head back .
tr	O	我不想去看护士，但是我明白我不能整天站在走廊里让莱夫抱着我。
tr	I	Now I wanted the others and one of the books I bought in Overland Park was the first in a series .
tr	I	He was a neat one , too but not only was he a silent intruder .
tr	O	我需要能够看着她而不感到内疚，但是那至少不洗澡是不会发生的。
tr	I	It didn 't make the work any easier under the heat of the sun , but Daniel 's body had gotten more muscular .
tr	I	His eyes blazing with anger and he hissed his jaw tight .
tr	I	His eyes rapidly lost their focus and the man 's knees started to wobble .
tr	I	His voice is husky in the night , like velvet and Luca speaks .
tr	O	幸运转过身不看我，并且我听到她低声咕哝着什么。
tr	I	Finally , my head was empty , but it took a few seconds , long enough for Bluebell to let out another series of snorts .
tr	O	赞恩也蹲下来检查桌子，并且当他看到一个小型麦克风被胶带粘在桌上时，他的心颤了一下。
tr	I	I smiled timidly back at her , and Ashley stared at me almost wide-eyed .
tr	O	娜塔莉对皮尔斯耳语了几句，并且他们一起笑了。
tr	I	She seemed to be taking everything in stride these days , but Colby knew there was still a certain amount of apprehension mixed with her anticipation .
tr	I	Your patience is to be commended , and I realize you have been waiting to speak with me .
tr	I	Sarah had moved to Salem seeking peace , and Olivia brought up too many uncomfortable emotions .
tr	O	堆叠的汽车框架挡住了她的大部分视线，但是她能看到它屋顶的一角。
tr	I	A foreman had watched the floor below , or he found himself on a gal ery , a platform where perhaps trunks of tea had been stored .
tr	I	There was a sudden silence in the room and Amy 's voice had risen with her passion .
tr	I	Sometimes it was real scary hanging out with him , but sometimes it was fun .
tr	I	The mom chews them out , and they 're born in sacs .
tr	O	我试图说出他的名字，但是一个字也没有说出来。
tr	O	她的动作中没有一丝慌乱，并且他想对她微笑。
tr	I	They told me I was too young for a real partner , but I needed a partner for this .
tr	O	斯塔克夫人又紧张地担心会遇到另一辆车，但是米西对周围的森林充满敬畏。
tr	O	前三个是空的，但是当我尝试最后一个时，它卡住了。
tr	I	I have vowed on my knees never to take life again , and I can only tell you that I am sorry for them .
tr	I	The parachute was coming closer and she was totally awake now .
tr	I	He moved fast but he was a big guy .
tr	I	It was his mission , but this job wasn 't easy , on any level .
tr	O	他们翻遍了所有地方，并且仍然没有伊芙琳的踪迹。
tr	I	His blond curls fell into his eyes , and adonis shook his head .
tr	I	I 'm worried but I know I need to tell Bob about my lunchtime visit .
tr	I	I loved that and he held me tightly .
tr	I	Mrs. Kilpatrick popped her head around the door and he called before Julia could utter a word .
tr	I	I never saw him drink alcohol , but my dad ran a bar .
tr	O	“我不撒谎，”蒂芙尼咕哝道，但是没有人听。
tr	I	I wrapped my arms around his neck as we slowly swayed to Billie 's crooning voice and I could see desire darkening his green eyes .
tr	O	她伸出手，并且那动物似乎在倾听。
tr	O	她没有注意到恐龙，但是恐龙注意到了她。
tr	I	She started typing another message and Leah 's phone buzzed again .
tr	I	Her fingers knocked into a pile of notes , and she turned to stand .
tr	I	He dropped the cheese as carefully as he could , and Neil waited , forcing back his impatience , until the bamboo box was underneath him .
tr	O	詹姆斯偶尔会这样做，但是这很罕见。
tr	I	The upper three floors had been made into apartments by her grandmother , but her store took up the entire bottom floor of the building .
tr	I	I 'd counted seven when I finally called bullshit , but I don 't know how many she had total .
tr	I	The West Paragon Dawgs are up by six , and it 's the end of the second quarter .
tr	O	他对她没有兴趣，但是她喜欢他。
tr	I	None of it was important right now , but there was so much going on in their lives .
tr	O	游行路线两旁挤满了孩子，并且我们中没有人戴口罩。
tr	I	That is no good for the pub , and my left arm won 't work either .
tr	O	现场响起了一片掌声，并且吼声震耳欲聋。
tr	I	The lights in the house were on , but they found the gate locked .
tr	O	门嘶嘶作响地打开了，并且一小群人走下了站台。
tr	I	I didn 't say anything , but I looked at Jackson apologetically .
tr	I	I wanted a lay , and she wanted a relationship .
tr	I	He doesn 't deserve it , and you 're screwing with him .
tr	I	Then continues speaking in a rush , and she cries out .
tr	I	She had never been able to bring herself to trust a man , and he was a man .
tr	O	现在我在这里，仅仅一周后，情感上充满活力。
tr	O	睡在你希望的地方，并且与你希望的任何人一起。
tr	I	At reception they are expecting me , but it is not visiting time .
tr	O	她知道我们离开前我打算做什么，但是我让法庭认为我没有告诉她。
tr	O	倒不是他在看着我，但是协议依然存在。
tr	O	我看到有人像是溺水了，但是什么也做不了来帮助她。
tr	I	I don 't have the strength to wipe it away , but another tear fal s from my eye .
tr	O	我的时间有限，而且有些事情他必须知道。
tr	I	He 'd found a best friend in Dean , and his business thrived .
tr	I	Without his clothes he seemed taller , broader , stronger , and he 'd grown in the years we 'd been apart .
tr	O	我悄悄靠近他，而且当他停下来一会儿时，我拍了拍他的肩膀。
tr	I	I threw a coffee stirrer at him and he joked .
tr	I	Her frown deepened , and her mother turned to look in Carol 's direction .
tr	I	Maybe she could make it , but it would be a close thing .
tr	I	Which he had always heard was a mystical , powerful place , but it was a place in the Ring which he had never been .
tr	I	It would be cool to make the island our home base , but I was still going to find a way to travel with Meena .
tr	I	The tense pressure in the very air of the room vanished , and she touched the door .
tr	O	我也一样，并且我们尴尬地握了手。
tr	O	我以前亲吻过其他男生，但是没有什么能和这个相比。
tr	I	It was freezing out , and he wasn 't wearing a heavy coat .
tr	O	她年轻的脸上显得非常担忧，并且我为她想要的任何东西感到畏缩。
tr	I	Her voice was all at once almost angry , and her blue eyes were glaring .
tr	O	我是一个成年女性，正在上大学，然而我的反应却像高中生一样。
tr	I	Her features twisted in pain and as Alaric started to rise , she stirred .
tr	O	他习惯了她在激情时刻阻止他，但是她从未让他走到这一步。
tr	O	他过着美好的生活，尽管有些孤独，但是他已经习惯了。
tr	I	I hurt her feelings , but Brittany said it jokingly .
tr	O	已经很晚了，大约午夜时分，并且他正要出城。
tr	O	它向他龇牙咧嘴，但是猎人保持在攻击范围之外。
tr	O	它起初可能看起来很奇怪，但是你会习惯的。
tr	I	Holly didn 't know which man was hurt , and the scent of blood rose from the men .
tr	I	Emotions fired and Adrenaline soared .
tr	O	史蒂夫护送她到电梯旁，并且他们在一片紧张的寂静中乘坐电梯，直到电梯升了几层。
tr	O	手术室的指纹已经被提取了，但是我们还要过几个小时才能知道它们是否能告诉我们什么不同的信息。
tr	O	他有点道理，而且我知道他通常总是对的。
tr	I	They have to watch him like a hawk , and I suppose that is why he is terribly jealous of the new baby .
tr	O	班伯里的嘴唇动了动，可能是在微笑，并且他把手抬到脑后。
tr	O	当春天雪融化时，草地得到充足的水，并且它生长得非常快。
tr	O	这是我脑海中冒出的第一个问题，而且话一出口我就后悔了。
tr	I	I 'm supposed to be out looking for seeds to feed them , and my mate has three babies back at the nest .
tr	I	Those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow and the light receded slightly .
tr	O	她的眼睛泪光闪烁，并且她深吸了一口气。
tr	O	这是一条狭窄的道路，而且没有任何足够宽的巷子。
tr	I	They could not escape in the open sea of grass , but the quarry began to run when they saw his hounds approaching .
tr	O	我想看到达米安·斯塔克著名的自制力崩溃，并且我想知道是我对他做了那件事。
tr	I	It was only the day before Christmas and the party started in earnest .
tr	O	火焰令人着迷，并且开始温暖她脸颊的热度简直是天堂。
tr	O	这意味着他中暑了，并且这是一个幻觉。
tr	I	She saw the way he rubbed his general 's ring idly with his thumb and his gaze dropped to his lap .
tr	O	我擦去鲜血，但是它继续渗出来。
tr	O	我的意思是现在一切对我来说都说得通了，但是我无法摆脱那种被欺骗的感觉，你知道吗？
tr	O	我对此表示怀疑，但是你永远不知道。
tr	I	They were given a rousing sendoff , and their departure was not without notice .
tr	O	以赛亚没有说他同意，但是他也没有不同意。
tr	O	这让我感到冰冷，并且我开始颤抖。
tr	O	她不相信，但是在他伤口愈合之前他们无能为力。
tr	I	Gail waved at the clerk , but she tried to be discreet when she pointed .
tr	O	曾有一段时间我甚至不会考虑它，但是近几年我却不敢肯定了。
tr	I	They start acting out and you ignore them enough ?
tr	O	其中一名弓箭手开始拉弓，并且阿米拉的指尖对准他时，他紧接着倒下。
tr	O	我知道什么困扰着他，但是我绝不会泄露他的秘密。
tr	I	The event had taken place the night before , and this was the morning edition of the paper .
tr	I	I 'm loosing concentration fast and I haven 't slept in what feels like days .
tr	I	They all have forgotten about the buddy system that 's now in place , and Trish doesn 't seem to see the cut in the darkness .
tr	I	He 's amused , but I 'm nervous .
tr	I	It popped loose , and I jerked again .
tr	O	他们看起来像一群黑压压的人群，并且她能看到维奥莱特在前面。
tr	I	An intricate knot becomes a straight line again , and Finnick yanks on the end of his rope .
tr	I	They headed out onto the deck to relax , and when they finished , Randy pulled two beers out of the refrigerator .
tr	I	I could hear him texting and he took a picture .
tr	I	You 're ready and you 're strong .
tr	I	It was too late , but one of them called .
tr	O	当我回放时，就好像过了几个小时，一步一步地，但是它发生得太快了。
tr	I	A flock of older women cross my path like a gaggle of geese , but I rush toward her .
tr	O	她乌黑的长发从平时束起的发髻中散开，并且它垂到了她的背部。
tr	I	Now this had happened and he hadn 't had a clue .
tr	O	他想完全治愈他的肌肉，但是他真的不知道如何去想象它。
tr	O	有点刺痛，但是参军生活在我下床前就已经让我习惯了更糟的疼痛。
tr	O	他看起来不确定，但是他最终点了点头。
tr	I	To feel good about myself I had to get rid of it , but I knew that it meant much more than that .
tr	O	他试图安慰我，但是我仍然太激动了无法回家。
tr	I	I know it was more than that and I dream about it when I dream .
tr	I	We 've all been able to guess why it goes up , but it 's not obvious what it 's for .
tr	O	那个女人有一个名字，但是这五个字母毫无意义。
tr	I	Her face flushed , as if she was embarrassed by his praise as well as pleased with it and her blue eyes were downcast .
tr	I	His situation appears dire , but he has since been moved to his home , where he is being attended .
tr	O	我知道他会希望我使用它们，但是我做不到。
tr	O	我明天会召集大陪审团，并且我们将在二十四小时内发出起诉书。
tr	I	I finally start to breath normally again and the woman steps back out into the corridor .
tr	O	他滑向一边，并且她用膝盖猛击他的脸侧，然后用她的另一只脚跟上。
tr	O	今天早晨月亮最圆，并且那使得它成为本月的第二个月亮，使其呈蓝色。
tr	I	Then she 'd fallen for a toxic girl named Mackenzie , and Jordan revealed that she 'd had a few lackluster boyfriends .
tr	O	玛雅把它抱起来仔细观察那只动物，并且它开始在她怀里大声地发出咕噜声。
tr	I	He had never mentioned love but he had said that he knew I was the one for him .
tr	I	She glanced away briefly before turning back to me , and someone called her name .
tr	I	Fans send things to my house back home and my mum gets noticed everywhere .
tr	O	吉迪恩看起来尽可能地悔恨，但是这对罗西尼夫人没有效果。
tr	O	法国上尉又喊了几声，并且接着突然就结束了。
tr	I	My foot ached even more , and I could feel myself tiring .
tr	O	我不知道她为什么离开，而且坦白说，我也不在乎。
tr	O	玛莎呻吟了一声，并且莎拉伸手把手放在她的腿上。
tr	I	Any hesitation in her body evaporated as the pulsing need of desire overcame her senses , and then he bent his head down again .
tr	O	她闻到了他阳刚的气味，并且她吸气将他更深地吸入肺中。
tr	O	我失去了十五名手下，并且十二匹马，唉！
tr	I	I could restrain him or he roared , throwing himself up the ladder before either Jacob .
tr	I	I would feel him , and a few more inches .
tr	I	He knelt between them and she spread her legs .
tr	I	She mentally chastised herself for failing to anticipate her sister 's response to her disappearance , and she sensed Nina 's hand in this turn of events .
tr	O	格雷姆僵住了，并且他盯着房间里的其他人，脸上怒容满面。
tr	I	The first dream replayed yet again and it wasn 't pleasant this time .
tr	I	Marlon 's was hopeful , but Pandora 's face remained blank .
tr	O	卡特家族的历史是一场噩梦，而且两人都深知不该去探究它。
tr	O	我行了一个小小的告别礼，并且他优雅地回应了。
tr	O	我母亲每天都给我打电话，并且我们为争夺詹姆斯尸体的监护权而战。
tr	I	They became infected as well , and he bit the three others in the room with him .
tr	O	她看到多里安面前的女人时皱起了眉头，并且她的心停止了跳动。
tr	O	迈克尔甚至像个绅士一样为她打开了乘客门，但是她没有上车，而是去拿伞。
tr	O	杰罗姆刚从外套里拿出一支烟，并且它就从他的指间滑落了。
tr	O	这无法避免，而且无法阻止。
tr	O	天空放晴了，并且零星的阵雨滋润了干旱的平原。
tr	I	The stakes had changed , but this was insanity .
tr	I	He 's desperate to hold on and Control is slipping through his fingers .
tr	O	她低声细语，并且我们走到了椅子旁。
tr	O	他笑了，仿佛找到了他忘了自己需要的东西，并且笑容没有离开他的脸。
tr	O	粉丝们经常很疯狂，而且他们中的一些人做了非常愚蠢的事情。
tr	I	I bit the inside of my cheek , barely able to stop myself from pulling away , and a warm yellow light glowed between ours .
tr	I	The city seemed to beat with a pulse of life , and Night had fallen again .
tr	O	我有幸参观了其中几个，并且它们都以同样的方式装饰着。
tr	O	我已经敞开心扉很多了，但是罗里，这很难。
tr	O	他肯定眨眼了，因为她移动得太快了，他根本没看到她移动，但是他的双臂空空地垂到身侧。
tr	I	The needle moved with me , and I took a step forward .
tr	I	I want to hear what you have to say , and I 've got nowhere to go tonight .
tr	I	The sand had been like crushed ice , but I 'd been to beaches in San Francisco .
tr	O	自从亚历克斯离开后，她几乎没说过话，而且我一直小心翼翼地避开她。
tr	I	My opinionated , controlling companion was back , and the babbling Mina seemed to have gone .
tr	I	The hand lazily stroking his chest stilled , and she didn 't speak for a moment .
tr	I	He didn 't want to get in to another argument with the well haired weirdo , but it wasn 't even table service .
tr	I	He was no longer allowed to go anywhere near the external fence , and quite suddenly , his rides were limited .
tr	I	Her expression became determined and the picture of cozy marital bliss faded .
tr	I	She sighed with contentment and he had to grit his teeth when her cold nose nuzzled his neck .
tr	O	斯科特可能会认为那是一个去拜访她的邀请，而且那是她最不想要的事情。
tr	I	He hid the embarrassment with grace , but the kid didn 't look like he wanted to be walked home by Dad .
tr	I	The man only smiled manically back , but the Prince roared in his face .
tr	I	My breath rumbles , and Everything grows dim .
tr	I	I occupy the position of power here , and I do not much like your attitude .
tr	I	They kissed again , and he drew her to him .
tr	I	I threw myself against his chest , hugging him fiercely , and his arms opened .
tr	I	Her action had only been reflexive , but Angelina regarded him in amazement as she folded over the blow .
tr	I	Everyone turned towards the mezzanine level where the more exclusive invitees were ensconced and we were almost there , almost home free , when the music stopped .
tr	I	A nurse tells me to stay behind , but Mrs. Quinn 's allowed to accompany her .
tr	O	在帐篷里，他的脸看起来更黑了，并且他那长长的、蓬乱的头发垂在他的脸上。
tr	I	I was fed up with always trying to get something out of him and I was slightly angry that Zane wasn 't answering me .
tr	O	她抓住了木头，并且它在她手中散架了。
tr	O	多利安担心我正在为茉莉征服我的王国打开大门，但是我相信她早已放弃了这种野心。
tr	O	起初它很烫，并且他畏缩了。
tr	I	The weight had dropped easily , and College had been much calmer .
tr	O	她时不时地意识到自己在哭。
tr	I	We took off again and he turned me smartly .
tr	I	It 's obvious you 're new here , too and I noticed you in class today .
tr	I	It subsided and I focused .
tr	O	她的嘴巴感觉像是被棉花堵住了，然而她的手心却出奇地湿漉漉的。
tr	O	迈克尔指了一下，并且他们都抬头看向树上。
tr	I	The tears on her face made him feel shame like he 'd never felt before , and he saw her through the window .
tr	O	望向小组所在的那张桌子，我看到她站了起来，并且她看起来不高兴。
tr	O	她非常脆弱，并且帕齐急需帮助。
tr	O	你们从一开始就真的帮了我很多，并且我确信我欠你们的远不止这些。
tr	O	他的目光捕捉到她的目光，并且他笑了。
tr	O	她尖叫起来，但是出来的气却很少。
tr	O	塔米尔脸上那讨人喜欢的笑容消失了，并且他用冰冷的目光转向了那个老人。
tr	I	It 's growing , but it 's small .
tr	I	Vin sat on the far side , and there was a small room hidden behind the wall .
tr	I	She healed the creature , and she saw only pain , not ugliness .
tr	O	我走向更衣室，并且我又听到了抽泣声。
tr	I	He felt a buzzing noise and a few minutes went by .
tr	O	她能看见，但是很模糊。
tr	I	She saw the danger flicker through them , like the eyes in her dream and the blue of his eyes was deeper still .
tr	O	他可以拄着拐杖走路，但是他不太喜欢这样做。
tr	O	阿米莉亚感受到了萨莎正在经历的熟悉感，并且她想知道这个士兵会不会是前世的马修。
tr	O	这确实是一个陈词滥调，但是他也当之无愧。
tr	I	I climb off and Trent parks the bike .
tr	I	The pictures sold and Ben did well .
tr	I	They crept inside and she handed Sunny the torch .
tr	O	一点光线都透不进来，并且没有了我的视力，我的其他感官似乎增强了。
tr	I	Most of them just whispered about me , but some of them made polite conversation .
tr	O	他拿起它，朝哥布林领袖掷去，哥布林领袖正背对着他，面对着倒下的乔斯。
tr	I	She used its support to regain her balance , and she felt her back collide with the wall behind her .
tr	I	One I didn 't know , and a young guy named Paul .
tr	I	To get into the clique you have to be the best of the best of the best and the Precious Bells are her clique .
tr	I	Somehow the dog was still there , but technically the building didn 't allow dogs .
tr	I	Finding the rest of her family and Time to focus solely on Joshua .
tr	I	She knew he could , but the Shaws would never hear it .
tr	I	His arms burned where the soldiers crushed his biceps and his heels scraped lightly on the floor .
tr	I	They , in turn , became used to her , and she very soon learned all of the horses by name .
tr	O	也许它不是以V开头的，但是我感觉它里面有一个。
tr	I	He thought there was a good chance that she could , but he had no idea if Lily could really do that .
tr	I	Her clock told her that her insane husband was the only maniac awake right now and it was still dark outside .
tr	O	她曾试图告诉他这不重要，但是她暗自庆幸他对此如此坚决。
tr	O	萨拉本来准备笑出来的，但是珍妮弗太认真了，萨拉再也笑不出来了。
tr	O	杰克意识到他们现在应该在金字塔下面了，或者也许金字塔实际上比从上面看起来更大。
tr	O	我检查了它们，并且它们都运行良好。
tr	I	She knew it would be Isaac , and oh man , someone watched them .
tr	O	现在她被迫相信一些来自噩梦的东西，并且这一切都包含在她以为自己可能爱上的男人身上。
tr	I	Her emotions had played a part in the burn , and the burn had played a part in the change .
tr	O	男人的胡须末端焦黑，并且他的束腰外衣前部严重烧焦。
tr	O	她重复了这个手势，并且我看向了井。
tr	O	门开了，并且一个人走了进来。
tr	I	I will blow her all the time , but Sunny deflates for some reason now .
tr	O	我的嘴角抽动着一丝微笑，但是我立刻收敛了表情。
tr	I	It was physical too and I felt the pulse of his words shaft through my body .
tr	I	The skinny man shot at her and TJ surfaced .
tr	O	他后退了一步，并且当她再次施压时，他又后退了，直到他的腿撞到她床边。
tr	O	这是一件小事，但是它有其意义。
tr	O	走廊的地毯是深棕色的，并且血液，在干涸成更深的颜色后，不那么容易被看到。
tr	I	He didn 't die right away , but Howard sank to his knees .
tr	O	世界旋转起来，并且我就昏过去了。
tr	I	I glanced back to see him standing in the hallway , watching me leave , and he asked .
tr	I	Others looked just about ready to burst , and some of them were oozing white pus .
tr	I	I took a deep breath and my gaze drifted back to him .
tr	O	她的臀部一软，并且她的膝盖也软了。
tr	I	There was nowhere they might hide , and the universe with its great emptiness had surrounded them .
tr	O	他的脸是血淋淋的，并且他的衣服沾满了脚印。
tr	O	杰斯同意了，但是多利安看得出他并不乐意他弟弟陪同他。
tr	O	门另一边传来钥匙的响声，并且生锈的金属门开了。
tr	O	在她前面，格雷姆下了马，并且然后他过来帮她下来。
tr	O	他们对付了鲍勃，并且他对付了我们。
tr	I	She knew that Marcus 's worries went far beyond his sister , and Kat read his eyes , the set of his jaw .
tr	O	我想相信，但是我无法证明。
tr	O	如果她可以，她会争辩，但是到目前为止凯文没有说任何不准确的话。
tr	I	He 's trying to make the best of it , and the killings at the launch site were a mistake .
tr	I	This time shook her head and she again looked in my direction .
tr	I	Beebe directed her to a conference room , and she looked for Dr. Holbrook after lunch .
tr	O	我的手很疼，但是我却为打了他而感到高兴。
tr	I	Then she didn 't come home , and she went to work at the Ten Bel s two nights ago .
tr	O	他们推开木门，并且布兰迪发出一声高兴的呜咽。
tr	O	他听到了她选择不说的话，并且他内心挣扎。
tr	I	He 's gone and suddenly he pulls out .
tr	O	两端都烧焦了，但是里面却完好无损。
tr	O	他觉得自己重获新生，并且这一次是属于他自己的。
tr	O	她坐在床边，并且她的眉毛挑了起来。
tr	O	她考虑过留张便条，但是说实话，她又能说什么呢？
tr	O	他还有事情要做，并且如果他不做，我们就会回到第三种可能性。
tr	I	She stared at the sleeping cat and her small hands framed her face .
tr	O	我礼貌地点了点头，但是诺亚肯定看到了我呆滞的表情。
tr	I	I wiped it quickly away with my shoulder and I felt a tear trickle down my cheek .
tr	O	他用力咬紧牙关把它拔出来，并且当他承受了它的全部重量时，他踉跄地后退了几步。
tr	I	I felt fear and I was in the presence of a visible angel .
tr	I	I knew I wouldn 't be able to get back to sleep and I was far enough along .
tr	I	That didn 't mean it wasn 't there , yet so far that weekend he hadn 't indicated any displeasure with her decision .
tr	O	他眼中的担忧消退了，并且一个顽皮的笑容取代了他的表情。
tr	O	这是一个危险的境地，并且我后退了一步。
tr	I	One of his hind legs was giving way under his weight from time to time , but he was still on his feet , still snarling .
tr	I	Joni knew he listened and James 's stride faltered .
tr	I	He was gone , and I woke up the next morning .
tr	O	艾琳终于安顿下来了，并且我们都期待地看着妈妈。
tr	O	他们俩都有剑，并且其中一个有枪。
tr	I	He looked at me sadly and Zane 's voice was low .
tr	I	It was not an illusion , but it was , perhaps , artificial .
tr	I	Its eyes moved from Tristan to Zoey , but the fairy 's horrid little face was frozen in a grimace .
tr	O	他们很快就会越过托马斯曾看到闪光的那堵墙，但是它仍在数百英尺下方。
tr	O	他的目光非常强烈，但是她能看到暴风雨正在平静下来。
tr	I	Spencer could tell she 'd been watching , but she turned her head away as soon as Spencer looked up .
tr	I	Then was sorry for it , and Fabian sucked in his breath , tightening his stomach .
tr	O	她试图琢磨自己那个形象，并且它不符合。
tr	O	有东西猛烈撞击了她的后脑勺，并且剧痛在她眼后爆发。
tr	I	There was a moment of silence as all eyes stared at him , waiting for an explanation and Paul felt a wave of hostility directed towards him .
tr	O	后面的通道很暗，但是门就在前面。
tr	I	As she struggled to regain her breath she felt wetness dripping onto her face , and she was winded .
tr	I	Two women came into the room , but she looked like she had more to say .
tr	O	他的眼睛现在因愤怒而变得狂野，并且他脖子上的血管暴突。
tr	O	她的霜冻奇缘一饮而尽，她的布朗尼被吃光了，并且他们出发去提供更多帮助。
tr	O	他们有事情要做，而且她却像个小女孩一样哭泣。
tr	I	Pulling it and grabbing his hair ?
tr	I	His breathing had evened out , and his eyes were already closed .
tr	O	我能看到她叹气，但是她直视我的眼睛。
tr	O	她本想打开卧室里的开关，但是她不想让巴奇更容易看进来。
tr	I	He was immediately in pain and something smacked into his hand .
tr	I	He crushed his lips to hers with a desperation that called to her , and he clutched her so tight she almost couldn 't breathe .
tr	I	With her abilities she could literally be in two places at one time , perhaps more and many masters vied for her heart .
tr	O	他依然坚硬，但是他的脸上带着痛苦。
tr	I	Then his eyes widened in fear , and confusion passed across Victor 's face .
tr	O	回想起来，他们听起来我像个疯子，但是萨利文似乎没有注意到。
tr	I	He knew he made good time getting there and he had arrived considerably earlier than the previous day .
tr	O	钱宁的声音很轻柔，并且我感到我的血液在沸腾。
tr	I	She 'd need a clear head in order to do it , and she had a task to accomplish .
tr	O	她屏住了呼吸，并且她的眼睛仍然睁着。
tr	O	他稍微动了动，并且他的那只空闲的手轻轻抓住我的脸，把它转向他。
tr	I	I 'm stunned and my mind focuses .
tr	O	有一瞬间我很惊讶卢克不知道真相，但是亚当曾说过他把自己的两种生活分得很开。
tr	I	One wet dream does not a Mrs. Right make , but I 'd hate to be the one to break it to him .
tr	O	贝丝，她的妹妹，总是称之为一种天赋，但是这与她之前经历过的任何事情都不同。
tr	O	我再次转向艾萨克，但是他已经走开了。
tr	O	上大学要花钱，并且更不用说，还会占用多年时间。
tr	O	这是她在这个家的第三天，而且她真的什么实质性的东西都没学到。
tr	O	很明显他与雷瓦在一起，并且她怀了他的孩子。
tr	O	他感到寒冷充斥着胸腔里那现在空洞的腔体，并且然后就只剩下黑暗了。
tr	I	He wouldn 't take her , but she wanted to stay with him when we moved .
tr	I	He obediently put his mask in place , but he appeared to be asleep again .
tr	I	A few of them have extra powers , but vampires are a pain in the butt when they 're just your garden-variety bloodsucker .
tr	O	她盯着他，仿佛以前见过他，并且无论发生过什么都让她害怕。
tr	I	He found himself reluctant to let go , but Gray laughed .
tr	O	我们到达了卡车，并且我放弃了尝试去听。
tr	O	我爱你，哈丽特·坎贝尔，并且我一直都爱，从我在这里找到你，藏在岩石中的那一天起。
tr	I	The blood drained from my face , and I reached for my purse .
tr	O	她这次会看着他，并且她会看到他能做什么。
tr	O	他知道她需要帮助，并且他想给她帮助。
tr	O	比较这两个领域的时间很困难，但是我指的是我在那里时的经历次数。
tr	I	Nothing would come out , but she opened her mouth .
tr	I	No matter how much I knew I should be sorry for what I 'd done , I wasn 't , and this wasn 't her fault .
tr	O	这没有起作用，并且保罗的话语一直在我的脑海中回荡。
tr	O	泽维尔坐在司机旁边的折叠椅上，带着一把格洛克手枪，但是手枪已入套。
tr	I	She only moved in place , but Dee made rocking , shifting motions as if trying to shimmy up the table .
tr	O	轰鸣声震耳欲聋，并且我大叫起来，因为某种泡沫落在了我的脸上。
tr	O	你还没有真正正式进入产假，但是你的腰部会需要更多空间。
tr	I	He 'd never killed two days in a row , but sure , it felt good .
tr	I	He hadn 't eaten for so long that to Meyer it tasted like food at the best restaurant in Berlin , but it was insubstantial .
tr	O	我将不得不比预期更早过去，但是我清楚布莱恩夫妇不会介意。
tr	O	我不喜欢对她隐瞒事情，但是让她知道会很残忍。
tr	O	今晚我下定决心要再问他一次，但是害怕这会把他吓跑，比我那个精神病朋友的话更让我感到恐惧。
tr	O	每一丝疼痛都从我的骨头里消散了，并且我像刑柱般一动不动地站着。
tr	I	We don 't want any distractions , and it has to be a brief visit because the IC staff are still taking lots of measurements .
tr	I	Her were worlds apart and if they were anything like Dylan Talbot , Callie 's half-siblings .
tr	I	Except for the pristine stall mats , it was empty , but the stall should have been bedded if Valerie was expecting him .
tr	O	会议已经结束了，而且我还没有被征求意见。
tr	O	她的手指弯曲地抓住附近一把椅子的靠背，像是要寻求支撑，并且他短暂地想知道她是否会晕倒。
tr	O	这是我在这里看到的第一道金色的光，而且它给一切都染上了一层仿佛被强加的红润光泽。
tr	I	His fingers gently brushed my chin , and his gaze moved over my face .
tr	O	晚餐太快就结束了，并且杰克付了账单。
tr	O	他第一次就如此，而且这次就更真实了。
tr	O	他身上有那么多血，但是他似乎一点也没有虚弱。
tr	I	She gasped , hand to her mouth , heart leaping into her throat and she didn 't see him until he was almost on top of her .
tr	I	For Gunner that wasn 't a problem , but there wasn 't any time to reload it .
tr	I	His brow knitted and his eyes softened .
tr	O	他的目光从女孩身上滑过，并且他叹了口气。
tr	O	加一枚炸弹，并且联邦调查局在每棵树后面都看到恐怖分子。
tr	I	I couldn 't find anything , but my brain grasped at every corner of my head , searching for something to say .
tr	O	虹膜是蓝色的，并且角膜是混浊的。
tr	I	He groaned , pressing his advantage , his hands stroking her back until she opened with a whimper , and her lips melted into his .
tr	O	玛吉突然咧嘴一笑，并且他不得不努力抑制那该死的想要爬上他脸颊的红晕。
tr	O	他也抓住了我的手臂，并且我们俩都向后退了一步。
tr	I	I pull it down , and his gaze roams up my thigh where my dress shifts .
tr	I	He gave a fast gesture with his hand , but Keith didn 't speak .
tr	O	在尖端，有别的东西，但是布恩无法辨别那是什么。
tr	O	她说完话后，看了一眼她左边的一个男人，并且他，一个六十岁的白发男人，站起来向人群讲话。
tr	O	他们似乎有几位领导人，但是那个真正竞选州长的人是三个人中最矮的。
tr	O	我会带上我的西格手枪，但是我需要一些威力更大的东西。
tr	O	他仍然不知道他和萨凡纳之间这是怎么回事，但是他知道过去几周和她在一起的日子改变了他。
tr	O	起初，我以为是她丈夫，但是再看一眼后，我吃了一惊。
tr	O	一架大钢琴立在一个角落里，并且一排排椅子靠着远处的墙壁摆放着。
tr	O	肯定有什么东西会在和一个人相处了将近六个月后突然想起来，但是什么都没有。
tr	O	我尽可能地缩进书架，但是他只是跟着我移动。
tr	O	有一刻，我以为他们在哀悼他，但是我意识到他们实际上可以治愈他。
tr	I	It could help us all in the future , but it might hurt what I can give my baby sister in the near term .
tr	O	他可以很容易地在这里睡着，但是最好还是继续前进。
tr	I	He seems concerned , but he gazes into my eyes , searching for something , though I 'm not sure what .
tr	I	They were usually the wrong women , but in some ways that was true .
tr	I	She asked a question to which she already knew the answer and a thrill ran up her spine , her head jerked up .
tr	I	That didn 't mean I wanted to haul Nan around , but I was gon na beat the shit out of August .
tr	O	这里没有守卫，并且我们就跑向食物储存区。
tr	I	He sneezed before barking some more and his tongue slapped at his nose .
tr	O	我们在常坐的地方坐了下来，并且就在我打开笔盖的时候，他开始说话了。
tr	I	With his lips creating havoc within her body she couldn 't even remember the pain , but Mary tried to think about the pain .
tr	O	冬天可能很悲惨，但是有时春天甚至更糟——尤其是在沼泽地。
tr	O	温斯顿两岁了，并且肖恩十个月大。
tr	O	我从未想到那番话给他带来的恐惧，但是现在他已经说出了他想说的话。
tr	O	我们的无线电设备暂时出现故障了，并且我需要向我的指挥官布莱特上尉发送一条消息。
tr	O	我所剩下的一切都只是碎片，而且甚至那些也碎了。
tr	O	周围的杂草刚被割过，并且窗户上都钉着木板作百叶窗。
tr	I	The light hit the dark curls , and the late summer sun dyed the wall red behind them .
tr	I	Each minute ticked inside her like a bomb , and her fifteen-minute journey turned into twenty , thirty .
tr	I	I do like excitement occasionally , and Painting is a quiet life .
tr	O	这不会容易，但是这可以做到。
tr	O	这是另一片土地，和你来自的地方相似，但是不是你所知的现实。
tr	O	我会在外面爱你，并且那永远不会改变。
tr	I	Sarah was looking antsy , and classes were already starting .
tr	I	David hung his head , and the sergeant 's words shamed him .
tr	O	我只是我哥哥游戏中的一枚棋子，而且这次，他真的是在玩命。
tr	O	克里斯试图让她冷静下来，但是她仍然不断地责怪自己。
tr	I	Torin 's was intoxicating , and both men had their special scents .
tr	O	我听到树木折断的声音，并且风势急剧增强。
tr	O	他递给阿里第二个，并且她也戴上了。
tr	I	I knew what to put in it and someone had given us a picture frame .
tr	O	我并不是真的想讽刺，但是它确实有点那样表达出来了。
tr	O	她化了妆，并且那件衣服是低胸的。
tr	I	They were as cold as ice as they held my gaze , but his blue eyes were the same shade as his son 's .
tr	O	我下午有个会，但是那还有三个小时。
tr	I	Pain was nothing new , but the metal bit into her flesh .
tr	I	It had worked , and I had pushed him away .
tr	I	Her eyes were swelling , and she was so tired .
tr	O	也许医生们搞错了，并且他只是处于昏迷状态。
tr	O	他的眼睛真的滑向了一边，并且我努力不去看他看的地方。
tr	O	不到三十分钟前他骑牛骑到了蜂鸣器响，但是那一刻他脸红得像个十岁的孩子。
tr	I	It left a bad taste in my mouth , but it not only rubbed me the wrong way .
tr	I	I just shove past them , but there are people in my way .
tr	O	它还没有出现在窗户上，并且我想知道为什么花了这么长时间。
tr	O	我开始喊叫，但是我被推开了，因为风把我吹倒了。
tr	O	一对车灯出现了，并且它们开得飞快。
tr	I	His lips curled back to reveal rows of teeth so sharp they might have been filed down and the dog stood .
tr	O	乔纳森从他藏身的那根柱子后面探出头来，并且寂静在空气中凝重地弥漫。
tr	I	I didn 't want him to , and he hadn 't let me go since he 'd kissed me .
tr	I	What if it wasn 't ... But it 's a coincidence ?
tr	I	Darius reacted sharply , but I was joking .
tr	O	它像金属一样坚硬，并且我开始颤抖。
tr	O	我点点头，并且他们迅速穿过这片空间，爬上去扶起他们受伤的朋友。
tr	I	If she was strong enough to stand with Ken , then she was welcome , but Mari was an unknown to Jesse having recently married Ken .
tr	O	空间刚好足够特里斯坦和我四处走动而不会互相碰到。
tr	I	That was the last thing I wanted , and his good looks called attention to us .
tr	I	Sakura was rather pleased , feeling a certain type of thrill rushing through her body , and the motorbike hummed .
tr	O	她将他的唇贴上她的，并且他们亲吻了。
tr	I	The implications were far reaching and because ultimately we were manifesting something from nothingness into light .
tr	I	Things didn 't go according to plan , but we slowed down a little to give you a chance to catch up .
tr	O	已经六年了，并且据她所知，他现在的生活中甚至连一个女人都没有。
tr	O	盾牌是用来保护她的，并且她不想被他保护。
tr	I	A man landed on top of me just as hell came down around us and I dived away from the blast , down the tunnel .
tr	O	杰西卡回以微笑，但是表情感觉有些摇晃。
tr	I	She didn 't stop , but Duncan yelled her name .
tr	O	它流遍我的血管，使我平静下来，但是这不足以触发任何东西。
tr	I	He eased me back down on the bed , deepening the pressure with his strong , firm lips and his free arm pulled me closer to him .
tr	O	他们中必须有一个人先迈出一步，并且那个人可能就是她。
tr	O	如果我不这样做，我就会失去她，并且我宁愿死也不愿让那样的事情发生。
tr	I	Now he felt there was something wrong about it , but he never gave the custom a second thought before .
tr	I	Then I thought of Nikki , and I was thinking of Patrick .
tr	O	我可能是一个夜晚的生物，但是这不代表我不会被吓到。
tr	O	他拉开门，并且我发誓房间里所有的热量瞬间被吸走，取而代之的是一阵北极风。
tr	I	We cried together , and I held her .
tr	I	I hoped he hadn 't noticed , but my voice only shook at the first word .
tr	I	Those are rather easily dealt with , and some abductions are perpetrated purely for the ransom .
tr	O	他的笑容不慌不忙，并且他眼中温暖的光芒对我产生了奇怪的影响，比如让我想咬他。
tr	O	沉默随之而来，并且她知道泰正在避免讲完他的故事。
tr	O	伦敦的这个区域对科尔萨车的司机来说很陌生，但是他很快发现切瓦尔巷实际上是一个马厩区。
tr	O	你会觉得人们会尽量避免谈论这种可怕的事故，但是他们没有。
tr	O	我重新品尝它们，并且我还不确定我是否喜欢它。
tr	O	他转过身，并且我的心砰砰直跳。
tr	I	Our eyes were drawn to the man resting in the sunlight , but the bookcases loomed overhead .
tr	O	我知道上面还有很多工作要做，但是我有暑假。
tr	I	I was he and he was me .
tr	O	乔什把那视为一个邀请去跟随，并且他照做了。
tr	I	Even he is going to be weaker tonight , but I know that Nicholas did well last night .
tr	O	他的手从我的颈后落下，并且我们只是互相凝视。
tr	O	那是一个凉爽的日子，并且他部落的每个成员都在那里。
tr	I	I have connections , but now , she spoke on conditions of anonymity .
tr	O	亨利给了他一个非常公平的提议，并且也没有再出现任何关于朱莉的刻薄评论了。
tr	I	He 'd listened to the objective voice of his second-in-command but when it came to Angela all sense could be damned .
tr	I	His bandmates and * * * Danny stood by his mic in that night 's rehearsal with his guitar singing as passionately as him .
tr	I	She liked the sound of it , but she didn 't know exactly what Mirabella meant .
tr	I	Very little sunlight peeked through , and the canopy was dense overhead .
tr	O	当然有谣言，那些夜晚围着火堆低语的古老传说，但是很少有现代人相信那些古老的传说。
tr	O	铁路公司承诺进城的车程是十五分钟，但是结果却接近二十分钟。
tr	I	I snuggled between them , drifting off to sleep and both of them climbed into bed as lion snakes .
tr	I	That 's when she 'd make her final judgment of him and Time would show her .
tr	I	He knew a handsome woman when one landed on his doorstep , but he might be losing his memory .
tr	I	He hated bullies even more , but he didn 't like having a little girl following him .
tr	O	那一天过去了，并且莉亚用它来休息了。
tr	O	卢克给塞思指完路后，一段时间内没人说话，并且我担心这个夜晚会以一场悲剧性的沉默告终。
tr	I	I 'll tell you everything I know as soon as I see you , and follow orders , get in the Jeep .
tr	I	She swallowed again and my aunt 's tongue moved over her lips .
tr	O	他声音中的所有反抗都消失了，并且他温顺地走上前去。
tr	I	Dominic proved otherwise , but Fiona couldn 't believe anyone could be worse at holding down a regular job than her mother .
tr	I	Someone leaned over him and the car door opened .
tr	O	我所要做的就是放手，并且我就会安全到家。
tr	O	我知道这只是时间问题，但是它仍然令人感到悲伤。
tr	O	我的呼吸卡在喉咙里，并且我的笑容僵住了。
tr	I	Her vision went fuzzy , and when Emma read it , her throat caught .
tr	I	That doesn 't explain it , either , but yes , my sister within is a particularly evolved dark master .
tr	O	这是一个英雄，但是我可以让你变小，把你变成任何我想要的样子。
tr	O	我的喉咙发紧，并且我无法尖叫。
tr	O	我很高兴你发现了，并且我很抱歉我没有亲自告诉你。
tr	O	这身装扮有点书呆子气，但是我想对一个潜在的导师来说，书呆子气是好的。
tr	O	他确实知道她的名字，但是也许那是因为他潜意识里把这个名字给了她。
tr	I	His expression goes quiet and he glances down at me .
tr	O	我很抱歉我不得不走到如此极端，但是我希望你能理解我为什么这么做。
tr	O	她听到吉迪恩在她身后叫她，但是她已经急匆匆地离开了房间。
tr	O	她的脸颊有点红，但是这也可能是跑步引起的。
tr	I	I do plan on rejecting it and BD was calling .
tr	I	I followed him down the creaky stairs and Alec opened the bedroom door .
tr	I	I loved the sound and he laughed .
tr	I	Grace told her she had no choice , but Macy , of course didn 't want to go .
tr	I	She 'd turned talented into brilliant , but she 'd been a talented teenager .
tr	O	那些人以前死过，并且他们还会再死。
tr	I	Tears rolled out of her eyes and she turned to face me .
tr	I	Numerous feather pillows covered a seating area in one corner and elaborate candelabras were placed throughout the room .
tr	O	他能感觉到她的目光在他身上，当他沿着走廊走向他的办公室时，但是他没有回头。
tr	I	As soon as she opened her mouth , the ground fell from beneath her , but she tried to assure him that she would be fine .
tr	I	A Reaper flew past and the ship jolted suddenly .
tr	O	我试图想些有趣的话来打破气氛，但是我却不觉得有趣。
tr	I	The first one was yesterday , and you are the second visitor I 've had .
tr	O	鲍勃领着路走向露台，并且佩吉很庆幸她那天早上花时间打扫了它。
tr	I	He shook his head , but she started to speak .
tr	O	他们被抓住了，并且恶魔把他们放进了小盒子里！
tr	I	The service began , and it didn 't matter because the choir filed into the loft .
tr	O	我现在生活在一千年后的未来，并且我今晚会带你到我的时代。
tr	I	She lowered her gaze and her mouth turned down .
tr	O	我们进行战略性打击，但是即使是这些打击也有后果。
tr	I	She shook her head with an apologetic shrug , but the young man seemed to be waiting for Sam to make the connection .
tr	O	他们晚上出去是为凯文的一位同事过生日，并且他已经记不清自己喝了多少酒了。
tr	O	努阿拉只是盯着我，并且我回瞪着她。
tr	I	His body still rigid , but his words were gentle .
tr	O	我让霍伊特把克里斯塔尔的名字转告给警长部门，并且他说他会照办的。
tr	I	He would give her another few days to herself , but he wouldn 't abandon her that long .
tr	O	艾拉跟着詹姆斯进了树林，并且那只流着口水的狗小跑着跟在他们后面。
tr	O	他们的脸上可能有相互的尊重，但是也绝对有相互的厌恶。
tr	I	There was something else too ... and his halo encased him .
tr	I	The touch of her hand causes me to let out a sharp breath , and she asks .
tr	O	她的心扑通乱跳，并且她闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	That 's really low , and you must have taken a couple pints from me on the ship to put in your guns .
tr	O	他掉了一颗牙，而且他的毛发很乱。
tr	O	父亲会怀疑地盯着我，但是他内心深处知道，如果有什么地方真的不对劲，我就会告诉他。
tr	O	我对他挑了挑眉，并且他诱人地笑了。
tr	I	None of his projects ever panned out , but he decided to become a researcher himself .
tr	O	他们刚进房间时他还没那么拘谨，并且她尴尬得不敢看。
tr	O	她现在站在他面前，并且他正用棕色的眼睛直视着她。
tr	I	It would leave Delilah alone , but Boone could survey the camp .
tr	I	I also wanted to avoid having any more dreams , and I knew there might be some clues in there .
tr	O	爸爸看到我们说话时脸上会发光，并且在那一刻，世界又感觉对了。
tr	I	All that I cared about was finding him , but I realized I could have worded it better .
tr	O	大家交换了然的微笑，并且博科又开口说话了。
tr	O	那是秋天，并且气温适中。
tr	O	妈妈今晚不回家……并且索耶也不会离开我。
tr	I	There she would see a small clearing on the right and the directions said to take the path until it curved .
tr	I	For now , you need to rest , but I know that it will be hard .
tr	O	蒙面男子试图逃脱，但是这次是我把他拉了回来。
tr	O	他拉了拉自己的手臂，但是这个动作只引来了手腕的疼痛。
tr	I	He was gone , but she glanced back again .
tr	O	他的棕色头发垂到耳朵上，而且他的鬓角看起来需要修剪了。
tr	O	油脂滴到我的下巴上，但是我饿得顾不上停下来擦掉它。
tr	O	她背上那些隐约可见的薄纱小翅膀可能只是装饰，但是巫师们仍然盯着她的肩膀看。
tr	O	她把书翻到第一页，并且当她读到扉页上的字时，她的脸色沉了下来。
tr	O	他开始因我的语气而轻笑，但是他仍然拒绝回答我。
tr	O	好的，他们可能希望它，祈求它，梦想它，但是他们中没有人认为这是一个终极抱负。
tr	O	他没有问任何问题，当她的肚子鼓起来并且她生下了一个明显是私生子的时候。
tr	O	她会有答案，或者她会流血。
tr	O	我跑的时候，脊椎里的刺痛感越来越强，并且它变成了一种促使我前进的搏动感。
tr	O	做了很多事，并且很多事需要被原谅。
tr	I	The day was long overdue and all else was put aside .
tr	O	某种炙热的东西擦过她的后颈，并且她尖叫起来。
tr	O	电梯看起来很平稳，并且张贴的认证说它最近已经检查过了。
tr	I	I cup my hand over my mouth to stifle a cry , and Anthony coughs , blood sputtering from his mouth .
tr	I	I had no fight left in me , but so the battle raged on .
tr	I	They 'd like fifties even better , and they liked double Ds .
tr	O	我怀疑人眼无法追踪到我们，但是我明白我们最好是安全为上。
tr	I	Jasmine 's head was practically spinning with how quickly things were moving and Derek made an appointment for her to meet them at the offices .
tr	I	It wouldn 't matter , but hours could have ticked by .
tr	I	The store is broke and my mom is stressed .
tr	O	他的一个肩膀上搭着温斯顿的胳膊，但是前血屋守卫似乎已经恢复了一些力气。
tr	O	我曾有过这样的幻想，那就是这会是我们的避暑别墅，并且我们会把孩子带来这里。
tr	O	地毯回来了，并且蜡烛消失了。
tr	I	He cannot wait , but he is hours early .
tr	I	The walkway was littered with trash and the air , however , had a pungent aroma .
tr	I	Mondo sadly shook his head and Nora 's hand was on her mouth .
tr	I	They just kept talking after that , but he eventually got the account information for the Center .
tr	O	你是迪，并且瑞奇是你的搭档。
tr	I	There were many more , but a lot of questions had been answered .
tr	I	It wasn 't the last time I saw him and his hair is all white now .
tr	O	艾科希望她能继续看宋打架，但是她有她自己的烦恼。
tr	I	He assured Mr. Melamed that the child had not come home , and one of the Earl 's boys had been posted there .
tr	O	我可以因为这次拜访对他提起骚扰诉讼，并且我们俩都知道。
tr	I	The risk was there regardless of the number of people , but the wedding wasn 't even going to be very large .
tr	O	我可以拿一个，并且没人会注意到。
tr	I	I assumed we would be continuing on with just the supernatural creatures and Dusk was nearing .
tr	I	The fact that he 'd tried meant he hadn 't taken the fight seriously , but he had missed .
tr	I	Before she found her voice , Zach came up beside her , but she tried to think of what to say to him now .
tr	O	飞行员听到了他，并且站在飞机敞开的门口的人。
tr	I	The empty bottles were in the trash , and the bloody towels had been put to soak in the bathtub in cold water .
tr	O	他在寻找接替他旧工作的人，但是他还没有找到任何人。
tr	O	几句刻薄话冲到我的舌尖，但是我忍住了。
tr	O	那可能算是说死者的坏话，但是我在乎。
tr	I	It had a door , and this hallway was shorter .
tr	O	他死死地盯着它，并且这激起了吉纳维夫的兴趣。
tr	I	His smell was intoxicating , and leaning up on my toes , I breathed him in .
tr	I	I told her to just be grateful Alethea asked , but I 'm not sure Zhang thought it was necessary .
tr	I	Karen 's heart jumped into her throat , and the doorbell rang .
tr	O	他走了出去，并且莫顿没有提出抗议，他心里只有与首相的谈话。
tr	I	He 'd embarrassed her enough , but he wanted to claim Joni as his .
tr	I	I wondered if he was thinking about my words , and he was quiet .
tr	I	I really didn 't care , and I couldn 't hear what she was saying .
tr	I	I felt a pang of pity , and the inner turmoil shone in her dark eyes .
tr	I	No food was served on those plates but there was a fourth place set .
tr	O	城镇周围的乡村覆盖着野草，并且他们顺利地前进了一段时间。
tr	O	他不情愿地松开了史黛西的手，并且强颜欢笑，转向那三个女人。
tr	O	他没有回应，并且他的沉默让我感到不安。
tr	I	It only grows worse , but my hands fly to my ears in a vain attempt to shut out the sound .
tr	O	午饭后我们回到了库尔特的住处，并且丹详细解释了这笔交易。
tr	O	我知道那是真的，但是听到他那样说，如此小心翼翼，让我感觉像一棵垂死的树一样被掏空了。
tr	O	刀立刻收了回去，并且有几秒钟焦虑的寂静，他们等着看他们的俘虏是否已经注意到。
tr	O	你需要我，并且博需要你。
tr	I	There had to be people in the world more worthy of my time , and I 'd seen dozens of these motels , hundreds of hookers .
tr	I	They 'd better not touch , but all the same , they might look .
tr	O	蜡烛已燃尽成浅浅的残蜡，并且清晨的空气仍然静止。
tr	I	There 'll be room , but I 'll have to press my left arm against my side while I 'm in the suit .
tr	I	The doors closed and as they approached the lift they stepped inside .
tr	I	They made the drive in a silence she found excruciating , and McKenzie lived only about fifteen minutes from Jewell 's place .
tr	O	你父亲摆姿态，但是你和我一样清楚他总是会顺从我的意愿。
tr	I	You certainly finished it , but Seems like you didn 't start this one .
tr	I	Mary refused , but Anna insisted on paying .
tr	I	This seemingly difficult teacher had already noticed me , and it was only my first morning here .
tr	O	凯拉试图阻止我，但是我甩开了她的手臂。
tr	O	她开了一个小玩笑，并且我感到我的心跳了一下，因为她终于露出了笑容。
tr	I	A smile lifted the corners of her lips but she didn 't move .
tr	I	He knew it was time to say goodbye and her phones all started ringing again .
tr	O	我出去了，并且星期日进来了。
tr	I	She let out a shattering groan and Rhiannon 's entire body bowed .
tr	I	The cloud dropped lower until it hovered right above her and Haven smiled .
tr	O	维多利亚已经到达楼梯顶部，并且她现在僵住了。
tr	O	他花了大约三十分钟到达她的社区，并且那里和他想象的完全一样。
tr	O	我知道为什么，但是我还是问了。
tr	I	She dared not turn to look behind her , but she could hear them gaining on her .
tr	O	它们更具战斗力，盾牌迅速举过头顶，并且尽管许多人仍然痛苦地喊叫，但大多数人幸免于难。
tr	O	她咬紧下唇，并且我忍住了呻吟。
tr	I	I had made ours with a small bundle in her arms and Abby emerged from the bedroom down the hall of the small house Cade .
tr	I	You need your sleep , and it 's getting late .
tr	I	She started at the sound and she heard her brother chuckle .
tr	O	我因为他做的事失去了妈妈，并且现在我也要失去你了吗？
tr	I	I have never had a man inside me , but I am not a stranger to anal play .
tr	I	She knew it was true , but she didn 't know why .
tr	I	Then - I heard it , and I could feel it put its hand on my shoulder .
tr	I	It would have landed in the chaff that littered the floor at the base of the mow , and a couple more feet .
tr	O	路线中有一处，一个天然拱门被云遮蔽，但是阳光照亮了远处的景色。
tr	I	That doesn 't mean you don 't have to study but this shouldn 't be hard .
tr	O	我的鼻子皱了起来，并且我向下看着液体。
tr	I	He tracked his squadron 's missions , but he might be out of action .
tr	I	I could see the value in it , but it was a dry , boring text .
tr	O	我只是开一张支票，并且我从不觉得少了这笔钱。
tr	O	从基本层面来说，一个球永远是一个球，但是你在婴儿期学到的语言决定了这个球的含义。
tr	O	莉西听说只是轻微扭伤，松了一口气，并且他将能够无需拐杖行走。
tr	I	His eyes stared wide and his eyebrows shot up .
tr	I	I touch my chest , startled and her words cut through me .
tr	I	They even left the monitor on so everyone could hear the heartbeat and the baby was fine .
tr	O	她非常努力地不乱动，但是他离得那么近！
tr	O	我把她抱得更紧，并且她也抱住了我。
tr	I	A moment later her hand slipped into mine , but Kenzie didn 't answer .
tr	I	I stopped in my tracks and a ripple of a white cloak caught me off guard .
tr	O	他的眼睛闪闪发光，并且他显得几乎像个男孩。
tr	O	威利站在一旁，但是他向前走了。
tr	I	That killed me , and we never really got to talk again .
tr	I	She was filled with excitement she was going to have another child but she knew it was too soon .
tr	O	我早就知道了，但是我当时在拖延。
tr	I	The sound of torches lent an enchantment brought from a hundred hearths and the room had warmed .
tr	I	I preceded them to the very last room on the right and Evan told me to turn left .
tr	I	Elizabeth had a point , but Fin hated to admit it , even to himself .
tr	O	她又吸了吸鼻子，但是她的眼泪现在已经没有了。
tr	I	They are just that , but I have modest skills .
tr	I	I the other and she peered around one side .
tr	O	她的全身都疼痛，并且她非常疲倦。
tr	O	这里下雨真是个奇迹，并且我并没有打算让它消失。
tr	I	I 've just heard from the Roses that they want to speak to Daisy too , and I had the police round earlier looking for you .
tr	O	我的手指在他的手下颤动，并且他紧紧地握住我的手。
tr	O	他向莉莉伸出手，并且她默默地接受了提议。
tr	I	If he had been , he never showed it ; or he 'd never been attuned to me like that before .
tr	O	它也许最初是提醒自己不要爱上索耶，但是它后来从那里演变了。
tr	O	赞恩插了一句，并且他们都笑了。
tr	O	这根本不可能装进去，并且我就应该接受这一点吗？
tr	I	The fox bolted , and he opened the door .
tr	O	很快，她觉得她已经准备好面对她的家人了，但是首先，他们坚持让她先睡一觉。
tr	I	He 'd hold her to it and she 'd signed an employment contract .
tr	O	他的严厉让她重新集中了注意力，并且她在照他说的做之前点了点头。
tr	I	Gabe pulled me along , squeezing my hand tighter , and I shivered , unused to being in the spotlight .
tr	I	I only got nineteen hundred , and I had the stomach flu when we took them last time .
tr	O	有三排，每排有三个按钮，但是按钮上没有刻数字。
tr	I	I probably would have slept through general boarding , but I 'm not a priority traveler .
tr	O	布拉德福不确定该怎么想，但是他需要时间来理清这件事。
tr	O	她的耳朵闪耀着横跨她整个软骨边缘的金属饰品，并且一颗水钻在美人痣的位置闪闪发光。
tr	O	把我扔进一个满是女孩的房间里，并且人们的目光往往会多在我身上停留。
tr	O	我们周围的地面颤抖着，并且几个女孩尖叫起来。
tr	O	我再也看不到企鹅了，但是这无关紧要。
tr	O	一个名叫娜丁的女巫住在那里，并且她可以教你诀窍。
tr	O	他从十八岁起就经营自己的生意，并且似乎赚的钱足够养活他们所有人。
tr	O	甜蜜的黑暗，她想念她的父亲，而且他昨天才离开。
tr	I	I didn 't but I don 't know why I didn 't worry about them seeing me naked .
tr	I	So would the Himalayas viewed from a great enough distance , but it looked relatively flat .
tr	I	With the other four , that would have got him shot , maybe killed , but getting the one in charge had been a certainty .
tr	O	他指向他的房子，并且她的目光跟着他的手指。
tr	O	他说得有道理，但是这不重要。
tr	O	铃响了，并且门开了。
tr	I	It pulled it toward itself and its fingertips found the handle .
tr	I	That was how it was meant to be , but misery hovered over our heads the entire way .
tr	O	男孩没有回应，但是他的身体因兴奋而颤抖。
tr	I	Titus had to know about Orem , but she hated to ruin the moment .
tr	O	她知道她刺穿了那个女人的灵魂，但是她无法收回它。
tr	O	她有一把剑，但是我有十只爪子。
tr	O	然后迅速收回它，当枪响了，并且一颗子弹击掉了我小腿侧面墙壁的一大块时！
tr	I	He did nod , but Hunter didn 't say anything .
tr	O	巴士在爬坡时失去了一些动力，但是一旦它上了高速公路就开始追赶上来。
tr	O	你说那是必要的，并且我确信你不会无缘无故地打那个女孩。
tr	I	Egwene was grateful for it , but it was a small kindness .
tr	O	杰斯向前走了一步，并且有什么东西在他的脚下嘎吱作响。
tr	O	她没有意识，但是这对我来说不重要。
tr	O	我们会离开几天，但是没有必要担心。
tr	I	I won 't dare question it because I 'm grateful , and no , I don 't know how .
tr	I	It would not come , but I prayed for death .
tr	O	两扇门都开着，并且他正四处张望，好像在监督装卸设备进行的工作。
tr	O	他重伤了奥黛丽，并且如果他没有完全杀死萨默，那也差不远了。
tr	O	她把它放在水坑周围的矮墙上，并且他们开始交谈，那女人兴奋地手舞足蹈。
tr	I	Warm liquid exploded in my mouth , and he came .
tr	O	老百夫长饱经风霜的脸上表情严肃，但是塔维觉得他看到了他眼中的一丝愉悦。
tr	I	He 'd already won this war and smiling , as though it were all merely entertainment .
tr	O	这不够好，但是也只能这样了。
tr	O	丹妮在那些男生周围放松多了，但是我可以看出这仍然让她不安。
tr	O	制片厂把剧本寄给了加里，并且他拒绝了。
tr	I	This was like a five-star hotel , but I knew they 'd remodeled a lot of the rooms .
tr	I	His eyes darkened as he stared at me and I pouted .
tr	O	泰坦队没有他，而且没有人知道他在哪里。
tr	O	孩子们正在玩耍，而且我不想惹恼他。
tr	O	这让我想起曾有一段时间我们分享一切，而且他的笑声一直是我生活中不变的存在。
tr	O	他轻轻地放下她，并且立刻又吻了她。
tr	O	我对她吐了吐舌头，并且凯尔用肘碰了碰我的侧腹。
tr	O	我们身后没有车灯，但是我*知道*爸爸就在外面。
tr	O	没有生命的迹象，并且醉汉已经逼近我了。
tr	I	Her hair is in a braid , and a pair of glasses dangles from her front pocket .
tr	I	She silently wished it were cooler so there would be an excuse to have Jake 's arms around her and it was warm .
tr	O	她一股脑地全说了出来，但是也许她说的根本毫无意义。
tr	I	They 'd decided to travel by Cessna plane , but it was only a couple of hours drive away .
tr	O	我离开了他，但是他跟着我。
tr	O	我已经做了几十个，因为我们快不够了，而且游客在春天比冬天来得更密集。
tr	I	He had a job to do , so he shut that part of himself down , but Shame gnawed at him .
tr	I	The heat of their starter 's fastball was escaping his bat , but to their credit , the Dodgers ' pitchers hadn 't walked him intentionally .
tr	O	每一把该死的枪都对准了我，并且我在想那是不是最好的说法。
tr	O	狼想做点什么，但是总是有那么多的界限。
tr	I	He stepped away until he no longer blocked the sky and his hold on me relaxed .
tr	I	I frowned at him , and he was standing stiffly .
tr	I	For a moment there was silence and he seemed taken aback by her question .
tr	I	The old leader paused abruptly in her conversation , and a yowl now came from the farther peak .
tr	I	We are a family , and I am counting the hours until you are my wife .
tr	O	我向前迈了一步，并且我的咒语失效了，使我们陷入黑暗。
tr	I	Before accelerating away from the hotel he shot a glance at Nicole , wanting to catch her looking at him , but he started the engine .
tr	O	第十一章天使派店烧毁了，并且消防部门立即将该事件定性为纵火。
tr	I	His smile widened and his eyes closed .
tr	I	He turned to me with a big smirk , and Brad was never lost for a come-back remark .
tr	I	He doesn 't , but I hope he 'll put out a hand , to help me stand up .
tr	I	A sort of moan ran through them , and the crowd shrank away from the hut .
tr	O	我是来找迪恩先生的，并且他不会在那些箱子旁。
tr	O	他的皮肤总是炽热无比，并且他的肌肉很紧张。
tr	I	I was grateful , and Sam took care of him pretty quickly .
tr	O	塞巴斯蒂安坐在对面的一把椅子上，但是她拉开了被子，露出了另一边。
tr	I	She suddenly realized that I 'd subtly invaded her mind , and she gave me a startled look .
tr	I	This time , I let it slide , but Normal y those words would have started a never-ending battle of insults .
tr	O	我错过的穿梭机从我身边飞过，并且我跳了起来，随着一声爆炸震动了地面。
tr	O	查理又脸红了，并且他轻轻地笑了。
tr	O	服务员端着他们的饮料回来了，并且他们都向寿司师傅敬了酒。
tr	I	I definitely didn 't like him , but I didn 't quite hate him .
tr	I	His body went still , as if he were afraid he 'd hurt her if he breathed , and Nika put her hand on Madoc 's chest .
tr	O	泰德的身体状况发生了巨大变化，但是他外表最引人注目的变化是他的眼睛。
tr	O	托盘滑回去了，并且我身处机器内部。
tr	O	他们知道我们寡不敌众，并且他们无意让我们带她去见委员会。
tr	O	我的头发仍然看起来很糟糕，尽管如此，并且我每次看到自己的倒影都会抱怨。
tr	I	Each time it carries me back where I began , but it 's like I expect to come out somewhere else .
tr	O	当她拉动那根悬垂的链条时，灯亮了，并且她感到一丝安慰。
tr	O	一些东西仍然放在堆在客厅角落的棕色箱子里，并且米色平坦的墙壁上几乎没有挂任何东西。
tr	O	我们一起去了，但是到了最后一刻，芬利叫我在车里等着，让她自己去对付那些女巫。
tr	I	Now that she did , Callie was right , but she had not stopped to consider that before .
tr	O	保罗试图告诉她他认为发生了什么，但是他无法开口，直到他更确定为止。
tr	O	他轻轻地触碰了我的脸颊，并且我意识到他正在擦去我的眼泪。
tr	O	她的嘴张开了，但是什么也没说出来。
tr	I	It would also ruin Ty 's good mood , and Ty would probably kick his ass in the end , though .
tr	O	如果我对自己诚实的话，我不得不承认你抓住了我的把柄，但是我就是不在乎。
tr	O	我得意地笑了，并且杰克开始讲故事。
tr	I	It was definitely soundproofed but Miranda strained to hear something from inside the house .
tr	O	它远不及他自己的刀刃锋利，但是他需要它来保护自己。
tr	O	我本来想说你变了，并且我今晚之前就注意到了。
tr	I	He could see it in their faces but no one said it .
tr	I	He beats me to it , but once it 's as controlled as I can make it , I reach for the hair sticks .
tr	I	She couldn 't see him , but she could feel the vampire .
tr	O	玛吉看到一盏灯被撞翻了，并且一个糖果碟子倒扣在地毯上。
tr	I	No one else is in the lot when we pull in , but I expect the lake to be crowded with parked cars with steamy windows .
tr	O	很难看清它巨大的周长，但是它一定有宇宙飞船那么大。
tr	O	他刚发现圣诞树下的其他礼物，并且他渴望得到它们。
tr	I	The guys weren 't signing near as many autographs and girls stopped fainting in the hallways .
tr	I	He gave me a charming smile , and the next second , the violence was gone .
tr	I	They were almost run over by a blur and Geary followed Kat as she crossed the street .
tr	O	字迹歪斜，但是从许多方面来看，那是她见过最美的东西。
tr	O	寡妇看了她一眼，并且新一轮的抽泣爆发了。
tr	I	The jaguar males who had banded together were determined to possess them and there were very few women capable of shifting .
tr	I	Going great guns and larger than life .
tr	I	I 've seen him entering the elevator and I was heading back to the reception .
tr	I	I know you can be happy somewhere else and you don 't have anything tying you here .
tr	I	In that moment , I saw every one of my mistakes asking me to make them again , but I do love him .
tr	O	我看到一滴眼泪滚下她的脸颊，但是她迅速用手擦去。
tr	I	Best of all , he was the champion at what he did , and the man was insatiable .
tr	O	观点是人类自然的过程，并且我们所有人都有。
tr	O	他们在一起的一个月就像一场大的狂饮，并且他们已经为之付出了过去三周的代价。
tr	O	边缘已经磨损了，并且上面有我以前没见过的字迹。
tr	O	她的交叉双臂击中了恶魔，并且它们被抛向四面八方。
tr	I	Alex envied them that , and they were building a life together .
tr	I	They set off for Sandoval 's a little after six and Kate got ready .
tr	I	She could maneuver around the people in the open courtyard easier than she could any manmade corridor but the crowd was thick .
tr	O	他们无法指望回应，但是这几乎不重要。
tr	O	她其实没有，但是她确实很好奇。
tr	O	她必须把所有东西都弄成同一种颜色，但是我认为我们的树看起来更好。
tr	I	He pressed the square in the center , and I did .
tr	O	他没有心情和保罗打架，但是该怎样就怎样。
tr	I	He bought into it , but a silly process it seemed .
tr	I	I checked the time on my cell phone and my stomach growled again .
tr	O	他们交换了一下眼神，并且其中一人问道。
tr	I	We played for a while and I had some friends over .
tr	I	At some point I became aware that things had changed , but Chapter 11 Unknown Time I don 't know how long I cried .
tr	O	他这些天是公司的一名初级合伙人，并且他的才能需求量很大。
tr	O	奥兰多今天在保持冷静方面做得好多了，但是其他所有人几乎都兴奋得发抖。
tr	O	我把指尖放到她脸上，并且她闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	他们中有三个人是全裸的，而且我之前从未见过那样。
tr	I	At least I 'll go down swinging , but I may still die from embarrassment tonight .
tr	O	杰斯抱得我更紧了，并且我立刻感觉好多了。
tr	I	They fell behind and her pace quickened .
tr	I	They only served as scotch tape over an open wound of loneliness , but she had tried to fill her time with church activities .
tr	O	至少她不认为会是，但是天哪，她也并没有完全确定。
tr	O	他摇了摇头，并且她跺了跺脚。
tr	I	I wasn 't in the mood at the moment , but he tried to joke .
tr	I	Then he made his way upstairs to wait yet another day , and Edgar gazed down at her for a long moment more .
tr	O	也许我不该跟着那束光走进山里，但是我还是去了。
tr	I	He thought he might explode with it if left to himself , and there was such a pain within him .
tr	I	Even in the twilight he saw a smirk form on her lips and the moon illuminated her face .
tr	I	She 'd feel as strongly as ever about her commitment to Rush and these doubts would be gone by morning .
tr	O	他完美的身体紧贴着我，但是我想要他更近一些。
tr	I	She seemed to be waiting for me yesterday , yet I was a jerk to her .
tr	O	我爱你，并且我今晚会见到你。
tr	I	If it had come for me , I didn 't think I could have done anything about it , and my head still spun wildly .
tr	O	赛蒙打开了贝西伯爵的音乐，并且我们匆匆走下寒冷的小径。
tr	I	Those canines would make a nice meal for someone else , but Elijah could have easily eliminated all of them .
tr	I	The pain inflicted from the last attack had dazed her , but she knew he was above her .
tr	O	爱丽丝只看到非常年轻的吸血鬼出来狩猎，但是很明显有人创造了他们。
tr	O	托什的电话响了太多次，莱西以为它会转到语音信箱，但是他终于接听了。
tr	O	考虑到在起作用的力量，我们可能不应该担心，但是我们还是担心了。
tr	I	She gave me life and you gave me time .
tr	I	You didn 't do this , but it might be your work .
tr	O	我试图阻止她，但是她挣脱了我。
tr	I	I tied it back with a rubber band that was in a drawer and when I fixed my face I brushed through my hair with my fingers .
tr	O	他知道他张着嘴，但是他语塞了。
tr	I	That someone was me - and his eyes widened when he realized there was someone in his house .
tr	I	I am poor and I am not envious that she is rich .
tr	I	He needs me and I need him .
tr	O	她先亲了我的脸颊，并且然后是玛丽奶奶的。
tr	O	我没有心，并且我的灵魂是黑暗的。
tr	I	Valerie was instantly caught in a whirlwind of sensation , and the driving force of his kiss parted her lips .
tr	I	The Balance is a variable , and just know that The Law is a constant .
tr	I	His face had gone pale and his shoulders were rounded forward .
tr	I	It was small , tiny compared to the other , but Riley saw then he did have another arm .
tr	I	Zeus indicated that it was time for them to go and by half past eleven they had all enjoyed several drinks .
tr	O	外面风很大，但是那并没有阻止大家扔飞盘。
tr	O	帕蒂匆匆跑进了厨房，并且萨布丽娜在座位上挪动了一下。
tr	I	It did when my phone buzzed telling me I had a text , but I didn 't want any of it to end .
tr	I	There seemed little doubt even that flick was meaningful , and Gabriel 's magic was strong .
tr	I	I 'd be vulnerable to an easy death once I was unconscious , but I couldn 't die if I passed out from lack of air .
tr	I	It looked so much more delicate on this side of existence , but her face bore the same contours .
tr	I	I think the pros outweigh the cons , but yeah , there are worries about concussions .
tr	I	That was not true either , but he had expected rotting decay at every turn .
tr	I	Nothing was ever going to tear us apart , and I liked seeing them bound together , like we were one .
tr	I	It was definitely him , but he had a beard , which I had seen him wear only in a few pictures from his college days .
tr	I	The other side of the bed was empty but he reached out to his right .
tr	I	He simply hadn 't bothered to come back for the few possessions he 'd left here , and maybe Mr. Layton was fine .
tr	O	她的心随着一首快歌狂跳，并且她害怕那会是士兵哥。
tr	I	I lean down , ready to finally press my mouth to his and he licks his bottom lip .
tr	O	那令人印象深刻，但是不幸的是，杰奎琳甚至不是绝密级别的。
tr	O	她的身体刺痛，但是再次干净的感觉很好。
tr	I	Already my vision has a black tinge around it , but I struggle for breath .
tr	I	They found themselves on the beach , with the barge floating close to the shore and the room changed again .
tr	I	It was enough to make me feel more than terrified , but I had no idea how much they 'd caught .
tr	I	Castile stays put , but I pick up the phone to call Priam .
tr	I	Antonia smiled to him with Brent behind her and she watched the door open up .
tr	I	Lots of questions have to be asked of lots of people and we 're pursuing every angle we can .
tr	I	We should have never been separated and you are my mother after all .
tr	I	She planned to return the favor , the only reason for that being that she didn 't want to owe him , and Dustin had saved her .
tr	I	Lights are turned back on and the priestess is hauled off .
tr	O	很难开口说话，但是我忍不住表达我的痛苦。
tr	I	As a result , there had been no way they could control him , and he 'd trusted no one to come near him .
tr	O	妈妈曾想让我告诉洛克，但是我没打算那么做。
tr	I	I 'm going to hold him and I 'm going to find him .
tr	O	她的皮肤非常冷，并且她一动不动。
tr	I	Whatever foreign force was injected into them was eventually what killed them and their magic was not their own .
tr	I	Miranda stayed home to take care of him and Jax was running a fever .
tr	I	He wore it well , and that type of confidence was sexy .
tr	I	We both know the other one knows it , and for a second I feel like we both know I 'm lying .
tr	O	他没有达到那种程度的优雅，但是他仍然毫发无损地着陆了。
tr	O	门开了，并且克拉布斯跛着脚走了进来。
tr	I	Once you pass some basic tests , you apply for jobs , and you really can sign on as a mystery shopper with various marketing companies .
tr	I	She agreed but the music was so loud she could barely hear Parker .
tr	O	每个变形者氏族都更倾向于某种野猫而非其他，并且尼尔的家族一直拥有很多狮子的特质。
tr	O	月光照在闪烁的眼睛上，并且有炙热、喘息的呼吸声。
tr	O	我们可以重新开始，并且我会保护你安全。
tr	O	我走向婴儿床，骨子里透着无尽的寒意，身体颤抖着，并且瞌睡泰迪那玻璃般的眼睛盯着我。
tr	O	他们正在武装，并且他们正在等待。
tr	O	她不能回家找惠特尼，并且她也不能来找我们。
tr	I	She never tried to remove it , but my fingers became tangled in her hair .
tr	O	他带着一丝微笑站了起来，并且董事会成员们鱼贯而出，向他投去质疑的目光。
tr	O	他的皮肤呈灰白色，而且他体内已没有生命的迹象。
tr	O	我要它坚硬，并且我要它立刻。
tr	O	我知道男人通常不在乎装饰，但是它看起来很简朴，即使对单身汉来说也是如此。
tr	I	The man takes all the credit , and the woman does all the work .
tr	O	到达那所房子花了很长时间，但是当我们到达时，雨突然停了。
tr	O	我跳了多年的芭蕾舞，而且这无疑帮助我保持了平衡。
tr	O	凯斯跟了上去，并且他紧紧握着控制大卫银色项圈的遥控器。
tr	O	这些区域的问题在最初30分钟内是次要的，并且它们的居民安然入睡，没有受到其他区域正在发生的屠杀影响。
tr	I	A huge swell of love for him rolled through her , and he 'd decided to fight her rejection , attack the reasons behind it .
tr	I	They never complained but it was a hard life in the village .
tr	I	Unable to help , but people screaming , running about frantically .
tr	I	It 's not in a field , but it 's not in a city .
tr	O	也许我身在地狱，但是看起来不像。
tr	O	他们打了他，并且他允许了。
tr	I	She saw the faintest flickering of hope light his green eyes , and his gaze lingered at her neck .
tr	O	简是一位亲切的女主人，并且奥利弗喜欢人们对她的反应方式。
tr	O	他几乎看不清她脸上的特征，但是它们看起来不像他预期的那样悲伤。
tr	I	His teeth snapped at the bastard 's neck , and his paws slammed into Saul 's side .
tr	O	狂喜的愉悦涌上我的脸，并且然后我照他说的做。
tr	O	章引用（由真实人物所说）属于说出它们的人，并且没有侵权意图。
tr	O	地板上的灰尘比其他地方磨损得更多，并且到处都是红色的飞溅物。
tr	O	她对那一切一无所知，但是她喜欢把所有事情都写下来。
tr	O	她内心因渴望触碰他而隐隐作痛，并且随即对她自己感到恼火。
tr	I	His eyes were sparkling too much , but he tried to level me with a glare .
tr	O	那张DVD显然已经结束了，并且现在露西说她需要去洗手间。
tr	O	他的脸涨得通红，并且他凸出的眼睛里带着一丝恐惧。
tr	I	I clung on to his leg and he pulled me to him tightly .
tr	I	Sam 's steely calm could not be good , but so she had enough enthusiasm for the both of them .
tr	I	The boxes were gone and the place was clean of dust .
tr	O	萨德问道，并且房间突然安静了下来。
tr	I	I also know I 'm not perfect , but look , I know I 'm pretty .
tr	O	我想知道，并且我同时感到害怕。
tr	I	I sighed and he nodded .
tr	O	他们六月份开始发放烟草配给卡，并且现在每个人都得自己买烟了。
tr	I	When she did it was very quietly , and she didn 't answer for a minute .
tr	I	He gave it a good kick , and a small object landed near him .
tr	I	Being lonely in the future , or don 't worry about having been lonely .
tr	O	警察局里可能有人好心地清理了残局，但是不知为何她知道是该隐。
tr	O	我张开了嘴，但是随即我突然意识到。
tr	O	一个更深层的想法触动了我，但是 我却无法完全捕捉它。
tr	O	后门带着刺耳的裂响猛地撞在房子上，并且 有人喊了起来。
tr	I	I handed her some orange juice we 'd had ready , and she was sweating heavily .
tr	I	Her haphazard efforts had left her hair looking pretty ratty , and they 'd been bound tightly , though .
tr	I	She wanted to find the rest of our blood siblings , and she calmed a bit when I told her who I was .
tr	O	我低头看了一眼，并且 我的心咯噔了一下。
tr	I	I don 't have my cell and my car broke down .
tr	O	门在柯恩医生身后滑上了，并且 他转过身发现家人正瞪大眼睛看着他。
tr	I	She was his and she was here .
tr	O	他抽身离开，并且 我们两人都长久地对视着，互相打量着对方。
tr	I	The unnatural coolness was unnerving , and his body was room temperature .
tr	O	吉娜对我耳语，指的是凯莉，并且 我点了点头。
tr	I	We get to work , and he doesn 't reply .
tr	O	他低声说，并且 我点了点头。
tr	I	Mary was taken and you weren 't there .
tr	I	It confirmed for her his deep attachment to these children , and Laura noted the somewhat husky sound now in his voice .
tr	O	自然光线正在逐渐黯淡，但是 这幅画依然生动。
tr	I	He looked toward the window and he heard birds chirping .
tr	O	我从未和我的任何男朋友发生过关系，但是 我经常越界。
tr	I	Jared let out a breath of relief , fol owed by a smal smile , and a smal sigh emanated throughout the chapel .
tr	O	德斯蒙德很快就需要睡觉了，并且 他睡觉时必须有人开船。
tr	O	我们推进了，并且 最前面的几个人绕过了战壕的拐角，将敌人赶出去，直到他们最终被迫投降。
tr	O	那是一个不讨人喜欢的画面，但是 感觉却恰到好处。
tr	I	I never would have imagined she lived with something like this going on , and I 've spent weeks here .
tr	I	He knew it was there , somewhere , but Jason couldn 't see the bulbous creature .
tr	I	He knew it , and the booze was eating her brain .
tr	O	家在二十五英里外，而且 默顿是一个大城镇。
tr	I	They were busy enough , but the video store wasn 't doing a robust business .
tr	I	After seeing what 'd happened to Mom , the desire skyrocketed , but fighting them was ingrained in my blood .
tr	I	She let all of the students call her Peggy , but her desk tag said Mrs. Lambert .
tr	I	The lines began to ease and the dinghy began tilting higher on its starboard rail .
tr	I	The terror faded from my heart , and as I turned up the flame , the walls warmed .
tr	I	Something else was building under the rage , but the rage still filled the room .
tr	O	有时虫子会浮现，并且 你可以看到它们在你的手臂皮肤里爬行。
tr	I	Then you wait in the line , and you got to fill out a form first .
tr	I	Clearing mortals out of the way fell under his purview , but he was forbidden to assist his charges in their hunts .
tr	I	She had already left but he turned to the nurse .
tr	O	子弹射入了诺亚的肩膀，但是 他甚至没有感觉到冲击。
tr	O	我几天前离开时没有锁它，而且 我尝试时门把手很容易就转动了。
tr	I	Hearing someone else acknowledge it triggers something in me , but I had resigned myself to the fact long ago .
tr	I	I see no fear in his eyes , and he looks at me .
tr	I	I just wanted to be by myself , but I felt bad about feeling that way .
tr	O	被迈尔斯的手电筒照得眼花缭乱，他朝着黑暗射击，但是他非常接近了。
tr	I	Dallas had a pretty good idea where he wanted to start digging and this site was chosen the summer before .
tr	I	He was most definitely lying , but I didn 't know why .
tr	O	我给我爸爸买了错误品牌的香烟，而且他开始伤害我。
tr	O	她的头发像缠绕的蛇般披散在她的肩上，并且她的眼睛发红。
tr	O	岛屿的另一边可能有一个更好的停泊地点，但是我们注意到这一边是无人居住的。
tr	O	他可以盘问她几个小时，甚至几天，关于那些细节，但是他知道不会有任何答案。
tr	I	The crowd is screaming , and Keller is walking up to the pitcher 's mound !
tr	I	That was good , but he was breathless .
tr	O	洛林给他在一把可以部分后仰的椅子上铺了一张床，并且他就在那里度过时光。
tr	O	安吉丽娜不记得父母被谋杀的那个夜晚的大部分事情，但是她确实记得那些大火。
tr	I	She smiled tentatively back and I smiled at Hattie .
tr	I	She 'd be able to do it , but finding her family might take some time .
tr	I	Another guy headed in that direction to cut me off , but I looked at the door to that dark room .
tr	O	我们只有大约一半的人有手套，但是我们需要你们所有人一起拉！
tr	I	That made me want to smile for some reason and she even looked like a Harper .
tr	I	He looked away , and I murmured .
tr	I	He chose to ignore it , but James 's phone was ringing .
tr	O	莉维亚在我瘫倒在地时朝我瞥了一眼，但是她随后就移开了目光。
tr	O	丽莎对他扬了扬眉，但是看到他期待的眼神，她便把盖子扯掉了。
tr	I	Quentin didn 't want to have to continue making excuses for her , and he hadn 't understood why she took off the way she did .
tr	I	She wasn 't there to witness his annoyance , but as it turned out , he did mind .
tr	I	It would be better to get it out in the open now , but the truth was going to sound crass .
tr	O	当她和他说话时，他立刻想到了她的心，但是他没有质疑她。
tr	O	他不是任何人需要的，并且他知道这一点。
tr	O	毕竟，这份普查的差事只会持续几个月，并且它可能会向他证明我能做些有用的事情。
tr	I	I was with her because I wanted to be but of course I felt bad for her .
tr	O	然后他的目光移到我的脸上，并且他僵住了。
tr	O	我试图向前挪动一只脚，但是我的肌肉很紧张，太紧张了。
tr	I	I knew he was about to pounce , and his smile was dangerous .
tr	I	Mrs. McGuire 's staff were apparently storing guests ' coats there , and it was a little sitting room , lit by one gaslight .
tr	O	我自信地说出我的话，仿佛我有一个计划，并且我希望这会给他信心。
tr	I	It didn 't , and if there 's any magic in this town at all , I think that potion should have shown it to me .
tr	O	两位产科医生在她身边忙碌了一会儿，并且她勉强地说了声礼貌的再见。
tr	O	简惊呼，并且凯利同意了。
tr	O	米娅用多种语言感谢她，但是那位老妇人没有回答。
tr	O	有一瞬间他以为马特奥会跟着他，但是他没有。
tr	I	He 's around , but I may not see Singer .
tr	I	Ralf threw her a passionately grateful look , and Magnus felt almost unbearably proud of her .
tr	O	我们会赢，但是我们会输。
tr	O	本能将她拉入我的怀里，并且我抱着她哭泣。
tr	O	他把她盯住，并且她没有退缩。
tr	O	我当时意识到你是一位特别的女士，并且我此后所见的一切都没有改变我的想法。
tr	O	这不是我的事，并且我真的不在乎。
tr	I	Within just a few moments everyone inside was outside , and voices were raised in alarm from inside the factory .
tr	I	The shame is plain on his face , but he tries to hide his emotions behind some semblance of nobility .
tr	I	He shook his head decisively to clear it and the grief was overwhelming him .
tr	O	这是出路，珍妮走过去时心想，但是她内心深处却不那么确定。
tr	O	我以前从未在机场见过如此盛况，但是我想我还不习惯和皇室成员打交道。
tr	I	He reached out to touch her shoulder and she 'd rolled to the far end of the bed .
tr	I	She took his hand in hers and Nick hovered over his mother .
tr	I	I hung my head , and there was silence on the other end of the door .
tr	I	He sifted his fingers through her hair , loving the softness of it , and she lay against him , snuggled into his side .
tr	I	Somehow he managed to leap over it as it swept under him , but Doctor Red thought he was done for .
tr	O	我们正快速行进，但是我希望我们能一路跑过去。
tr	I	He was picking at loose threads on his thighs , and Neal 's legs were bent in front of him .
tr	O	露丝从未奢望能有第二次机会和他在一起，而且这次她决心不再破坏他们之间的关系。
tr	O	我知道在这些情况下你倾向于责怪她，而且我想把话说清楚。
tr	I	Those were mainly because they were necessary at the time , but in the past we 've gotten married in modern weddings .
tr	O	我睁开了眼睑，并且我凝视着温暖的金色。
tr	I	Headlights flashing him in the face reminded him that Gwen thought otherwise of him , but his skin itched to turn around .
tr	O	我说这话不是为了伤害你的感情，但是也许这会帮助你熄灭对我的幻想。
tr	O	一片阴影掠过亨利的脸，并且她第一次看到亨利新建立的自信心稍稍崩塌。
tr	O	他又和她住到了一起，并且她又一次穿着那件愚蠢的裙子。
tr	O	我咬住他的下唇，并且他呻吟了一声。
tr	O	连我都没有为自己哭泣，但是我不知道该说什么。
tr	O	他对她笑了笑，并且一想到艾萨克小时候的样子，她脸上也浮现出相应的笑容。
tr	O	他们目标上的相似之处到此为止，但是目前这样就足够了。
tr	I	He would never let it go again , and grabbing onto it would be grabbing onto life .
tr	I	We 'll get it done and you tell us what to do .
tr	I	He lost his balance and his horse suddenly buckled under him .
tr	O	我尽量不为接下来发生的事情负责，从逻辑上讲，我知道那不是我的错，但是那是完全可以避免的。
tr	O	我的意思是，如果我能在空中看到它，当然可以，但是我看不到。
tr	I	I felt a spark of heat zing down to my core , and our eyes locked as we tilted the glasses to our lips .
tr	O	诺拉的目光跟着朱莉的眼睛转向我，并且我几乎可以想象我的脸在发红。
tr	O	什么都没动，并且我放松了下来。
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't fight them , but I didn 't know why these feeling were suddenly so strong .
tr	I	The other was dead to him , but only two were in graves .
tr	O	我的脸感觉肿胀，并且一瞬间，我以为我撑不住了。
tr	I	Godfrey was sitting at her kitchen table , but Levi McCloud was asleep in her bed .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't come , but I tried to thank him .
tr	I	His skin sizzled as the blade worked its way to the bullet and Roku choked back a scream .
tr	O	他把一个僵尸扔到河里，它很快沉到了水底，但是还有三个来取代他们失去的盟友。
tr	O	我跑得慢多了，但是我表现得还不错。
tr	O	想要完成他已经开始的，并且结束弥漫在他们两者之间的折磨。
tr	I	They let it drop , and she promised .
tr	O	我们的目光交织在一起，并且时间似乎停止了。
tr	O	我想让她靠近，但是我不想让她感到不舒服。
tr	O	他独自一人，并且这根本说不通。
tr	O	他的笑容更大了，并且他的眼睛又轻轻闭上，同时他搂住了我的腰。
tr	O	尼古拉斯自己所在的切利亚宾斯克地区远在千里之外，但是它也有类似的担忧。
tr	O	她是头蠢牛，并且我真是个泼妇。
tr	O	此时又有几个女孩进了宿舍，但是当我经过时，她们谁也没看我一眼。
tr	I	There is no indication of the lady 's name , and number six is registered to a gentleman .
tr	O	我怀了他的孩子，但是我不能告诉他，因为他是在他的神形态下让我怀孕的，而不是他的凡人形态。
tr	I	Noah pulls his hand back , and I spin around in surprise .
tr	O	四周没有任何指示牌能告诉我身在何处，并且我们跟着托尼走向电梯时，我们的脚步声回荡着。
tr	O	我放开了她，并且她快速地眨着眼睛，仿佛刚从恍惚中醒来。
tr	I	There was only one way in , and the crowd was too thin .
tr	I	She fought it down until she could reach her bedside , and a wave of morning sickness struck her .
tr	I	I 'm not going to , but you might want to stop .
tr	I	I kiss him and I pull his mouth to mine .
tr	O	她再次考虑叫醒卢西安，像他告诉她的那样叫他，但是她打消了这个念头。
tr	I	She was suddenly scrambling to her feet , and a jolt of terror shot through Rachel .
tr	I	He was right , but keeping him in the dark had sprouted from the best of intentions .
tr	O	他已将证人名单缩减至五人，并且他计划他们的证词不会超过四天。
tr	O	我希望他的动机是想和我一起度过时光，但是我不傻。
tr	I	I couldn 't take my chances , but he said he wouldn 't hurt me .
tr	I	I couldn 't deny he was a good assistant in studies and we became close friends .
tr	O	它触动了我内心柔软的地方，并且我对他笑了。
tr	O	他走路时仿佛带着目的，但是这实际上更像是在漫步。
tr	O	又过了三分钟，并且我艰难地穿过地下通道，竭尽全力推着我的身体。
tr	O	凯伦护士皱着眉，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	I	I 've cut you a check for a one-year lease and I know what the going rate is .
tr	I	Margaret snatched it , and he held the book out to her .
tr	I	It was like all my laughs after Ares , but he laughed .
tr	I	She hardly knew anyone in Paris , but she thought he looked vaguely familiar .
tr	O	在他开口之前我就知道我不是，但是听到他说出这些话，不知怎的让它变得真实了。
tr	I	He 'd only grown into a bigger one since high school , and Beau was an asshole .
tr	O	我的腿因我们缓慢的攀爬而酸痛，并且伸展它们感觉很舒服。
tr	I	She should have everything I have and she is my only living relative .
tr	I	Killian squeezed his throat harder , and J.J. started babbling .
tr	I	My whole face would just light up and I used to walk into the church .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I was rambling .
tr	O	我的心狂跳，但是不是因为她吓到我。
tr	I	His tiredness made him feel that they were turning this dangerous journey into a picnic and Bond suddenly felt very tired .
tr	O	我知道我在做什么，但是我无法阻止自己。
tr	I	He was somewhat balding , and the forehead was wrinkled .
tr	I	Duke gripped his arm , but Spike started forward .
tr	I	Teammates take care of each other , and he 's a teammate now .
tr	I	The dark gleam in his eyes told me that he was in charge , but I wanted to kiss him , to touch him .
tr	O	特丽在厨房餐桌旁坐下，并且瑞秋坐到她对面的椅子上。
tr	O	这种疾病已经找上他们了，并且它已经夺走了他的妻子。
tr	O	我们将一举击垮他们，并且他们将被迫承认失败。
tr	O	门开了，并且山姆·休斯顿走了进来。
tr	O	他倒在地板上，并且我退到墙边，希望自己能直接穿过去。
tr	I	He bet they would be in someone 's database soon , and they had been targeted .
tr	I	I blew you out , but I never found it , so now I 'm not only out a phone .
tr	I	Now it was my turn and I had both of their attention .
tr	O	每个人都很高兴，并且每个人都在大声喊叫。
tr	O	一丝兴奋传遍我的全身，并且我低下了头，露出更多的脖子让他的嘴亲吻。
tr	O	我不知道你的朋友朱利安告诉了你多少关于我们秘密的事情，但是我想你知道他是谁。
tr	I	You should 've seen the other guy , but I hit my head , which is never pleasant .
tr	I	I took it as a sign and it fit my mood .
tr	I	He just stood there , with no expression whatsoever , but she waited , giving him a chance to try to convince her otherwise .
tr	I	She didn 't used to , or Dawn didn 't like being punched at least .
tr	I	Gabriel did not scream , but he yanked it free .
tr	I	She set her sights on a police career , determined to do her parents credit , and she had changed her degree from Humanities to Forensics .
tr	O	他的眼睛睁开了，并且他苍白的嘴唇分开了。
tr	I	Iain was the only man who knew who was in it , and the Band of the Barren was the only refuge for soulless warriors .
tr	O	这真是一种遗憾，但是再过一会儿她就会失去知觉。
tr	O	福利峡谷已远远落在他们身后，不过，并且阿德利亚的步伐明显放慢了。
tr	I	I didn 't welcome it either - but it wasn 't an unpleasant sensation - not at all .
tr	O	神秘的夜惊相关死亡事件也已告一段落，并且翡翠族在世界的历史中变得不过是一个脚注。
tr	O	他认识的最古老的吸血鬼，并且一个曾多次死里逃生，次数多到不应可能的人。
tr	I	Ant drew closer to the wall for cover , holding his breath to ensure silence , and a crackle rang out in the darkness , somewhere nearby .
tr	I	The fact that I was totally blind only made the voice seem even more foreign , and I didn 't recognize it .
tr	O	特洛伊在前门徘徊，但是没有别的话可说。
tr	I	She kept nailing her answers and the questions kept firing .
tr	O	吸血鬼们正在罢工，并且没人会再戴上他们的面具。
tr	O	这听起来很疯狂，但是对于国王的能力而言，一切皆有可能。
tr	O	我说，并且我没有掩饰我声音中的毒意。
tr	I	I won 't interfere unless I have to , and you can 't just look at your responsibilities in isolation in this particular case .
tr	I	There were no windows , and the stone was too slippery .
tr	O	一种恶心的感觉袭上丽贝卡心头，并且她关切地看着劳拉。
tr	O	他不想一直重温那些让他远离他们的过去错误，但是那些事情又不断地在他脑海中浮现。
tr	I	Some had even openly mocked her at the suggestion that they may fancy her , and no other boy had ever looked twice at her .
tr	O	我对她咧嘴一笑，并且她笑了。
tr	O	她放低了姿态，恳求他的原谅，并且哈特迟迟才肯原谅。
tr	I	Pouring the next , and it could be sunny one minute .
tr	O	我疯狂地环顾四周，寻找摆脱这种困境的方法，但是所有出口都被堵住了。
tr	O	我知道集合地点在哪里，但是我们很快就需要跟上。
tr	O	我向苏菲寻求帮助，而且连她看起来也有些困惑。
tr	I	It was lit perfectly well by the walls themselves , but there were no windows to the room .
tr	O	凯莉的妹妹杰西在他们到达后不久就进来了，并且杰克发现他也很高兴见到她。
tr	O	他是女皇的第七个在世的儿子，而且人们非常希望他能继续如此。
tr	I	They never stay , but you give them complete attention .
tr	O	他庄严地点了点头，并且我欣赏他没有嘲笑。
tr	O	我感觉到了她被掳走的地方，但是那只是另一条通往另一条街的小巷。
tr	O	我抓起我的灰色披肩来搭配我的鞋子，并且我把我的钱包换成了我的粉色手拿包。
tr	O	这很难相信，但是我收拾得还不错。
tr	O	安东尼把我拉向他，并且我们蜷伏在地板上。
tr	I	She didn 't think , and tears blurred her vision .
tr	I	Her body was motionless , and her eyes were closed .
tr	I	That included using a gun if necessary and his clients expected him to provide top-notch security .
tr	O	她透过小小的窥视孔往外看，并且当她看到树林里有一个影子时，她屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	My guts go tight and it used to make my skin crawl .
tr	I	To be out from under all those layers of material felt liberating , but the dress may have made her feel the part of a lady .
tr	O	戴夫站了起来，并且他们走向门口。
tr	I	I shook the thought away , but for a moment , I wondered how different my life would have been had they been my parents .
tr	O	保罗感谢了他，并且看门人穿过双扇门回到了另一个体育馆。
tr	O	这是迈克最接近答案的一次，并且梅林和特里一样严肃。
tr	I	Now that 's what everybody calls me and it stuck .
tr	I	It 's not flaming , but it 's still hot .
tr	I	He seemed to revel in it ; and Joe Tolson knew the questions that would be comin ' wouldn 't be very pleasant .
tr	I	She acquired one , and you bought your daughter an earl .
tr	I	So far , they hadn 't seen her and they looked like thugs .
tr	O	社区很安静，草坪是空的，通往前门的台阶也是如此。
tr	O	我拥抱了奥克斯妈妈，并且当爸爸扶她上船时，她看起来非常兴奋。
tr	I	You couldn 't buy a breeze and temperatures were hovering close to 100 degrees .
tr	I	Daniel 's cars were all there , which meant Joseph would hopefully be there too , and Mom 's , Dad 's .
tr	I	Darryl didn 't mind , but she wasn 't exactly a person .
tr	I	I wondered if he was going to cry , and his eyes were moist .
tr	O	我试着经营农场，但是这对我来说太多了。
tr	O	我很混蛋，并且他不应该遭受这些。
tr	O	他从来没能让它正常工作，并且现在它被用作门挡。
tr	O	头部弹开了，并且当我往里看时，它开始发出响亮的公鸡叫声。
tr	I	I couldn 't have handled a baby and I was nearly nineteen at the time .
tr	O	在你拍完X光片后，回来吧，并且我们会讨论如何让你的脚踝尽可能舒服。
tr	O	一阵猛咳把我弄醒了，并且我拼命眨着眼睛坐了起来，同时试图让我的眼睛适应黑暗。
tr	O	她想冲出车去帮助他，但是她的承诺让她牢牢地坐在车里。
tr	O	一声可怜而无声的哀嚎从他内心深处升起，并且他的双腿变得无力。
tr	I	He did not like the current method of getting there , but Jeff liked the idea of moving into the fast track .
tr	O	他是诅咒的新手，并且没有培训课程来帮助他，所以五芒星在那里孤立了近一年。
tr	O	她开始争辩，但是苔丝打断了她。
tr	I	I felt a spark of excitement at the prospect , but I wouldn 't have guessed it would be appealing .
tr	I	If there were any confrontations , he wouldn 't hesitate , but Riddick could discipline himself enough to escape without committing murder .
tr	O	我的看守者在喊着什么，但是我听不到他。
tr	I	The door swung smoothly outwards and Ted pulled on the doorknob .
tr	O	我不愿告诉你这个消息，但是他们在商场里卖这些东西。
tr	O	你敲它，并且你就会看到我的拳头伸到你喉咙里。
tr	I	She fumbled with it as she moved toward Oakes , but she still was not using her wand .
tr	I	Timmy moved toward him , and the man stepped closer .
tr	O	我很抱歉你受伤了，但是我以为你处于危险之中。
tr	O	我只是想让我的身体凉快一下，但是很明显他把这个举动理解为我想要加快进展的信号。
tr	O	他们俩昨晚才找到彼此，并且他们的重逢非同寻常。
tr	I	Somehow the old philosophers could make even salacious topics seem boring , but many of them had once been forbidden by the Steel Ministry .
tr	O	斗牛犬变得歇斯底里，但是铝门没有砰地关上。
tr	O	我轻声问道，并且一想到险些发生的事情，我便感到一阵颤抖。
tr	I	Her eyes bulged wide and her voice was urgent .
tr	I	They didn 't make me feel any better , but his words were reassuring .
tr	I	He stepped close , taking my hand , and his green eyes flashed with familiar defiance .
tr	I	She curled her body into mine and I sat down next to her .
tr	I	The tattoos would always remain , but he could renounce his beliefs .
tr	I	It felt good , secure -- and the seeds were planted for our destinies .
tr	O	这东西味道糟糕透顶，并且我恶心作呕。
tr	O	灯很快就要熄灭了，但是三个人都没有睡觉。
tr	O	我们都对我们竟然办成了这件事感到震惊，并且在那一刻我们的成功是势不可挡的。
tr	O	骨头噼啪作响，并且皮肤撕裂了。
tr	I	His thick neck always looked sunburned , and I 'd never seen him without a twisted bandanna tied around his head , even in winter .
tr	O	丹试图保持冷静，但是他想揍这个孩子。
tr	O	我不敢奢望这样的成功，然而我不忍心看事情的另一面。
tr	I	She would never push it and he would never admit it .
tr	I	Two of the machines glide towards me and the Director replies .
tr	I	All my fear was spent , but I expected the realization to draw another measure of fear from deep inside me .
tr	I	Each time the light came near , the death slaves retreated , but colors pulsed through the light , giving off a strobe effect .
tr	I	The air was like fire , and Water fell from the sky that would burn your skin from your bones .
tr	I	Tears stung my eyes , and the door clicked shut .
tr	O	Amanda在她离开之前忘了问有关马克拜访的事情，并且艾德丽安也没有提醒她。
tr	O	她以前没来过这里，但是既然来了，不如看看能不能找到出去的路。
tr	I	He didn 't move , but he told himself to go on in there .
tr	I	Part of me felt a little disappointed , but I knew he was only teasing .
tr	O	她把头靠在我肩上，并且我靠在上面。
tr	I	He 'll see it again and he 's seen it before .
tr	O	地板在我体重下吱呀作响，并且我吸入了陈旧空气的味道。
tr	I	This time I didn 't care , but usually too much attention bugged me .
tr	I	Frankly , Thomas wasn 't sure he wanted to go any further romantically and their relationship progressed slowly .
tr	I	Their first real day of hell was to begin and to soon the sun rose .
tr	O	我试图把它移到一个不那么直接的角度，但是此时我的每个部分都在嗡嗡作响，渴望得到释放。
tr	O	一阵寒意掠过莱瓦娜的皮肤，但是她设法保持了困惑的表情。
tr	O	她不想离开你，塔布，但是她知道这是最好的。
tr	O	布茨现在很安静，但是他能感觉到她的小肌肉因恐惧而僵硬。
tr	I	She felt her stomach knot up and her heart was pounding .
tr	O	媒体也想来采访，而且我就是没心情。
tr	I	The others begin to dose off around me , their snoring filling the small room and the room darkens pretty quickly .
tr	O	我转过身，而且他差点就撞到我了。
tr	O	一只手伸进长袍里，抽出一把小刀，刀刃大概两英寸长。
tr	I	I live with them and I make my choices .
tr	O	罗宾逊不确定那是否是光线造成的错觉，但是帕特恩似乎还有呼吸，还活着。
tr	O	在他们之间的沉默中，他凝视着她的眼睛，但是丹妮没有移开视线。
tr	O	她的手指已经麻木了，耳尖也刺痛着，但是她只是耸了耸肩，不希望这一刻结束。
tr	O	我尝试了，但是我失败了。
tr	I	Sean brings up the question again , but I don 't want to drop this injustice .
tr	O	那位太阳能科技公司的CEO短暂地引起了他的兴趣，但是他可能只是喜欢那杯星巴克早餐综合咖啡。
tr	O	她有米兰达，并且她有凯莉。
tr	I	At the bottom they found another open archway , narrower than the previous ones , and all the stairs were real .
tr	I	He got the last word and he 's not even here .
tr	O	那很奇怪，但是他不是。
tr	O	米尔顿，她说，我可以给你光盘，那不是问题，但是我会告诉你它显示了什么。
tr	I	I didn 't really want to work with someone who wasn 't sure anyway , but which sucked for the wallet .
tr	O	我想争辩，但是离赛斯最近的士兵行动起来，挥出了手臂。
tr	I	This time her lips matched her words , and she asked again .
tr	I	I hadn 't thought I 'd see Dean like that , but I didn 't know what I 'd expected from coming here .
tr	I	Bex was in the bathroom , and Liz 's eyes were closed .
tr	I	Wanting to know , but Theo cocked his head to the side , not quite sure he had it right .
tr	O	它可以买到勇气，并且它可以买到尊严。
tr	O	我对此感到很糟糕，但是它必须完成。
tr	I	I 'd prefer to suffer on my own and my belly hurts .
tr	I	She was looking at me too and I glanced down at his mom .
tr	I	Soil , extractable with negligible toil , but our favorite roots don 't grow in rock .
tr	I	She couldn 't , but Misty wanted to turn so their lips could meet .
tr	I	She had to go back into the big building and she was always sorry when her time was up .
tr	O	音乐轻柔，并且灯光完美迷人，我们相对而坐，盘腿而坐，膝盖相触。
tr	I	He them and the brothers grew to love their adoptive father .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I had the strength to recover from this , and my whole life had caved in .
tr	I	I will cut his ears off , and any more bolts fly my way .
tr	I	The legless corpse clearly did not have such a feature -- and one was eliminated because of a facial disfigurement .
tr	O	格雷随着前轮胎撞上第一组木枕而畏缩了，但是结实的横梁撑住了。
tr	O	第一枪完全打偏了，飞向远方，并且莉芙咒骂自己浪费了子弹。
tr	O	它不会掩盖囚犯的神情，但是它会让那个骄傲的男人感觉好些。
tr	O	它基本上是铁，但是它已经被硫磺污染了。
tr	I	The lights flicker and the music stops .
tr	O	我们已经寻找了提供水的替代方案，但是我们失败了。
tr	I	She glanced at her father 's guilty face , and Anne 's early return caught Carly by surprise .
tr	I	I let him and Kade pulled me into his strong arms again .
tr	I	She wasn 't far off but Trinity knew she was joking .
tr	O	我曾发誓一生保护你的安全，并且在那一刻我明白我失败了。
tr	I	Knocking her from consciousness and watching it crash into her .
tr	I	Her lips eagerly parted , and he licked at her .
tr	O	她那浓密红发蓬乱，并且她的眼睛充满野性。
tr	O	玛芙没有说过要回家，然而她却在那里！
tr	O	我的厄运绝不会让我轻易脱身，并且这次也不例外。
tr	I	I hasten to their arms , and the forms of the beloved dead flit before me .
tr	I	You will be dead , or the next time that I see you , General , you will either be inside the walls of the Alamo .
tr	O	业务就是业务，并且雇佣杜克是很好的业务。
tr	O	赛勒笑了，并且我不得不移开视线。
tr	O	他庞大的身躯就足以与尼尔匹敌，而且这对于高层来说意义非凡。
tr	O	按钮就在几步之遥，但是路上躺满了尸体。
tr	I	Her mother 's words didn 't ease his concerns , but it wasn 't as if he wasn 't careful already .
tr	I	It wasn 't enough , but judging by the yelp of pain , at least one of my projectiles hit its mark .
tr	O	威廉·罗斯一直都是个恶棍，而且克莱尔一直都太盲目而没有看到。
tr	O	他负责巡逻城市边界以防范流窜的狼，而且他在这方面干得非常好。
tr	I	He was willing to bet she 'd make it work , but dealing with a whole new family wouldn 't be easy .
tr	O	太阳现在已经升得很高了，并且天气开始变暖。
tr	O	他的手滑向他阴茎的根部，并且他回到我身边，抓住我的臀部。
tr	O	她抬头看着他的眼睛，并且他看到她稍微柔和了一些。
tr	O	那个男孩挣扎着不肯被带走，但是那个男人太强壮了。
tr	O	斯宾塞的脸带着一种紧绷、禁欲的神情，并且他的眼睛在他浓密的眉毛下闪烁着狂热的光芒。
tr	O	她知道他正在取笑她，但是她拒绝承认。
tr	I	He blinked as a torch was waved in his direction and there were voices jabbering a different language very close by .
tr	O	感觉像过了好几个小时，但是那只是一瞬间的事情。
tr	O	我以前最好的朋友怀疑了，并且现在她在一个井底。
tr	I	Angels don 't kiss and I 'm an angel .
tr	I	Her chin was lifted in defiance , and her mouth was tight .
tr	O	他的眼睛又睁开了，并且他似乎正用尽所有的力气说话。
tr	O	A.O. 代表成人限定，并且迈克尔也同样困惑。
tr	I	All of them enjoyed themselves , and the talk ran on in this vein for a while .
tr	I	My strength was returning , but I fell twice .
tr	I	She 'd be seasick or Stone had better get to a smooth path soon .
tr	I	He didn 't let it show but her declaration rattled him even further .
tr	O	我环顾四周的其余怪物，并且它们看起来都非常生气。
tr	O	她试图起身，但是他紧紧抓住了她。
tr	I	It was almost time for the next generation to come through , and I 'd been by his side for twenty years .
tr	I	She wasn 't lifting her watch into view to check , but that would make the time around three in the morning .
tr	O	卡罗尔忙着为沙拉切番茄，并且她的嫂子保拉正在厚片法式面包上涂蒜蓉黄油。
tr	O	他可能假装认为这很傻，但是我知道他实际上不会那么认为。
tr	I	It compounded Helen 's grief and it was a moment reminiscent of her last moments with her mother .
tr	O	比尔有一个能处理数据的会计部门，但是他们要求巴兹做的是评估无形事物。
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure it 's why I just blocked it all out for so long , and that 's why Kylie can 't stand crowded places .
tr	O	他充满了男子气概，并且他是她的。
tr	I	He was wrong again this time too , but I don 't know how many times my dad has been wrong in the last ten months .
tr	O	她的头发被扎成一个卷发马尾辫，并且她的眼睑上涂着蓝色眼影。
tr	O	我怕窗户打不开，但是我仍然向前伸出手指。
tr	O	我低声说，并且派珀的目光变得狭窄，直到我感觉她正试图用眼睛向我发射闪电。
tr	O	通常我的窗边有鸟儿鸣叫，但是我猜我睡得太晚了。
tr	I	I 'm run over by a tractor trailer , and Warner asks .
tr	O	他将能够躲在其墙后，必要时进行防御，并且如果CJ真的出现，他会拒绝她进入。
tr	I	I cannot tell you how much that means to me , and you believe in me when few others will .
tr	O	整条河都充满了歌声，并且岸上的人们也开始歌唱。
tr	O	月亮映照着水面，并且夜间的空气有点凉。
tr	I	It was no use , but Chapter 5 I tried to grip the edges of the tunnel .
tr	O	你将建造，并且你将制造。
tr	O	真相可能超出了我能承受的范围，但是我知道这会改变一切。
tr	I	I take an emotional U-turn , and then a thought hits me .
tr	O	这个冬天他一直在努力让她增肥，但是这很困难。
tr	I	I liked having something that symbolized it on my skin and they were qualities that I needed to be reminded of .
tr	O	就在那时，警官话语的全部力量冲击着我，并且我爆发出了无法控制的抽泣。
tr	I	She looked saddened and her smiled faded .
tr	O	他把枪猛地砸向她的下巴，而且她被一股令人目眩的剧痛瞬间击懵了。
tr	O	他向我靠近，并且我努力克制自己不乱动。
tr	O	我差点就主动提出要帮他穿那条带有一些复杂扣带的滑雪裤，但是在我还没系好靴子之前他就搞定了。
tr	O	我们从未有机会在地球上相遇，但是我是你的爷爷。
tr	I	No one person 's troubles are more important than the next , and we are all in this together .
tr	O	我的喉咙发紧，并且我的胸口发闷。
tr	O	他对我们说了些什么，但是我没有听到是什么。
tr	I	Mrs. K gasped then clapped with unrestrained excitement and his fiancee extended her hand the way any woman shows off her engagement ring .
tr	O	裂谷中一片平静，而且他享受着其中的每一刻。
tr	O	我大喊起来，并且亚历克咬了下去。
tr	I	The last thing I remember was her going to work with her father but Skylar was even in our circle now .
tr	O	墙上的爬虫们依然腿部抽动着睡着，并且同样的眼睛空洞地盯着他周围的茧。
tr	O	他现在愤怒地看着她，但是他的眼睛里还有些别的什么。
tr	O	她只是有点害羞，并且你应该尊重这一点。
tr	O	Passage位于北美北部，并且麦卡利斯特是澳大利亚的一座城市。
tr	I	I slowed down the last twenty yards , but my footsteps echoed in the enclosed space .
tr	O	我想说我不同意他的观点，但是他也有道理。
tr	I	The other down , and one goes up .
tr	I	What had happened to Reggie Phillips , but he knew about the attack north ?
tr	O	珍妮等着，但是他没有详细说明。
tr	I	There are people everywhere , but mom glances behind her again .
tr	I	They still had at least a couple of hours until dawn and oh , God , already she was growing loopy from the cold .
tr	I	His heart began to race and Gregor 's knees went weak .
tr	O	我以前从不害怕独自在家，但是那时我从未如此彻底地独自一人在这里。
tr	O	她所有的关节都感觉松弛，并且她怀疑她早上会有点疼。
tr	O	有手抓住我的肩膀，并且我感觉到他的呼吸拂过我的耳朵，然后他才低语。
tr	I	The McGill was at the bow , watching the sun set over the land , and it was twilight .
tr	I	He had this look ... this look of peace on his face and his eyes were closed when I pulled away .
tr	I	In each he found Mayan art on the walls and there were only three small chambers .
tr	I	The mass of land disappeared bit by bit and after they have crossed the bridge , the water began to flow once more .
tr	O	我伸手去抓他，担心他如果走了我将再也见不到他，但是已经太迟了。
tr	I	Wash U had the number one program in the country , but everyone always looked down on social work as if it wasn 't a legitimate degree .
tr	O	那是个陷阱，但是那不重要。
tr	I	No sound would come , but I tried to scream .
tr	I	It was hard to see much that was distinguishable , but I think he was a man .
tr	I	This only attracted attention , but he moaned , trying to duck back into oblivion .
tr	I	She scooted a little closer to Declan and Willow imagined terrible creatures coming towards her .
tr	I	It seems that even the devil himself cannot compete with such fog , but one minute it seemed that all hell was breaking loose .
tr	I	I shove him again , and Ben grabs for me .
tr	I	The sooner she got it done , the better , and she doubted they were to risk calling from the house .
tr	I	None did , but someone should have seen her go .
tr	I	The sparkle faded a little , but her smile remained .
tr	O	无论那是什么，威尔都为此感到糟糕，并且我从不应该提起它。
tr	O	火花在蓝色中闪耀，并且我知道这次我真的惹恼了她。
tr	O	他没有我兄弟们那么病重，但是他眼中渴望的光芒已经消失了。
tr	I	We sat watching the block and I parked the car at the entrance of the street .
tr	O	费德坐在我旁边，并且我们听着。
tr	O	我启动了，并且他们顺从地跟着。
tr	O	我试图把那个想法从脑海中驱逐出去，但是很难想出任何其他解释。
tr	O	他的笑声回荡到她耳边，并且她对着他远去的背影默默许下承诺。
tr	I	Her head fell back against Kaitlyn 's arm and her eyelids fluttered down .
tr	I	The pain was too intense but I tried to sit up .
tr	O	我不该回来，但是看着他的脸，我明白了。
tr	O	起初我以为她一直在折磨自己，并且现在我怀疑她的丈夫是她的折磨者。
tr	I	They went inside and Melvin paid their admission .
tr	O	吉姆伸出手，并且温妮握了握。
tr	I	He was right to think so and he thought she was a liar .
tr	I	Nothing happened and months passed by .
tr	I	He grew very still , and Vela put a hand on his arm .
tr	I	No one knows exactly who had said it , but the quiet voice comes from somewhere in the group .
tr	I	It was an interesting change to just knowing him through her mom 's wedding photos , but it was weird to think of him being her age .
tr	O	她开车出去了，开到了路边——并且我没有想到我的父母。
tr	O	我可能想象错了，但是她看起来有点不安。
tr	O	他接着把一枚金戒指戴在她手上，亲吻了她，并且她就成了一个已婚女子。
tr	O	我发誓我看到一个影子从我身上跳过，但是当我转过头时，那里却没有人。
tr	I	I kept my mouth shut , but I wanted to ask if he 'd heard from Logan .
tr	I	He was in charge of the situation as well and Calvin was clearly the one in charge in their group .
tr	O	我立刻跑下长廊，并且我碰巧经过他身边，当时他正准备去送信。
tr	O	一个粗糙的木制门框卡在隧道里，而且当她穿过时，他们就关上了她身后的厚重木门。
tr	O	我开始问他为什么不跟着来，但是窗户附近的动静吸引了我的注意。
tr	I	One was eaten alive and two people were bit ?
tr	O	法兰绒衬衫仍然搭在她的肩上，但是即使那样也显得多余。
tr	I	It appeared that mere attendance was a statement of willingness , but she had hoped it would deter those seeking easy sport .
tr	O	卡梅伦是个非常富有的人，而且巴黎的每个餐馆老板都知道这一点。
tr	I	He tried to reciprocate though even his lips were like ice , and she smiled at him .
tr	I	I positioned her pillows to help her sit up , and she blinked the sleep away .
tr	O	这纯粹是一个营销问题，并且它与当时已知的科学事实无关。
tr	O	我比那只浣熊还惨，并且我是那场席卷保留地的快速蔓延的火灾中受伤的十六人之一。
tr	O	不情愿的泪水开始刺痛我的眼眶，并且我强迫自己不在莱德面前表现出情绪。
tr	I	Her head felt as if spikes had been jammed through the top of her skull and she couldn 't keep her eyes open .
tr	I	This morning something was really off but Jewell woke up each morning with her body tense .
tr	I	The earth is alive under my feet , and I can feel the turning of the seasons in my blood .
tr	O	他的手攥住我的头发，并且他轻轻地拉了一下。
tr	O	有个孩子的眼睛真的湿润了，并且她问她妈妈为什么商店味道这么难闻。
tr	I	It came away wet with blood , and I touched a finger to my throbbing lip .
tr	I	I had liked him , and Daniel was a decent guy .
tr	O	他知道金米的事情，并且赛勒恨我。
tr	I	It was a half second before Julia realized that he wanted to shake hands , and he held out his hand in front of him .
tr	I	A flush of color tinted her cheeks , and the woman 's mouth tightened in indignation .
tr	O	我再次脑中一片空白，并且那时我们已经在门厅里了。
tr	I	It started an electric tingling that begged for a continuation of the exciting sensation yet his lips brushed hers , the softest possible contact .
tr	O	他的体格不魁梧，但是赞恩知道他很结实。
tr	O	意大利大使的妻子美得令人难以置信，并且有传闻说她与挪威大使有染。
tr	I	I lay back down into the pillow , and Renée put a cool , damp cloth on my forehead .
tr	I	He was going on , but Jenny opened her mouth .
tr	I	Ava winced , and when her skin touched his , a hissing sound filled the tiny prison .
tr	I	I wasn 't some derelict tube sock , but I was no William , not by any stretch of the imagination .
tr	I	She finally realized he wasn 't a cop and Jed didn 't know what to say .
tr	I	Luisa covered the little girl with the blankets and the little girl lied down on her bed .
tr	I	Those will go to a lab , and today we 'll take samples to determine suitability .
tr	I	My chopped off hair was the least of my problems , but apparently , they had to shave an area near my ear for the surgery .
tr	O	这帮不了找到她，并且也帮不了为她开脱。
tr	O	达拉斯正在努力摆脱她的负责人，大声呼喊着卡斯，但是我们的朋友只是独自站着，无助地看着她。
tr	O	大卫几乎气喘吁吁，并且我环顾房间，寻找一件如果他试图袭击我就可以用作武器的物品。
tr	I	Eric came right behind them as they headed west through the desert , and the tiger was running , following Graham .
tr	I	I tasted the salt of his sweat , and his skin was warm under my tongue .
tr	I	I sat up , hopeful , but just a shiver of movement .
tr	I	Her hands clutched it , drawing it up against her chest , and someone had thrown a heavy woolen blanket over her .
tr	I	My voice was gentler and I sat back down .
tr	I	Crandall followed suit , and he saluted .
tr	I	He was back on his feet , but the other wolf was shuddering .
tr	O	办公室很吸引人，而且位置也很好。
tr	I	Eleanor was currently at the top of my list and some people in this world deserve to be kicked .
tr	O	我惊讶地眨了眨眼，并且他们消失了。
tr	O	Realm对他有那种影响很奇怪，但是话又说回来，也许他们以前就发生过冲突。
tr	O	他们上方的地板吱嘎作响，并且他们所有人都抬头看。
tr	O	他希望她能注意到他，但是他不希望她感到不舒服。
tr	O	我们到达了一个陡峭多风的山脚，并且泰勒指示我上山。
tr	O	那些面包卷本来是多余的，但是它们也太好吃了，让人无法忽视。
tr	O	骨头断裂了，并且头骨裂开了。
tr	O	凯特的眼睛睁大了，并且她震惊地喘了口气。
tr	I	We began moving , and the motor snarled .
tr	O	他之前找不到它们，但是那并不能说明什么。
tr	O	我已经尽力了，并且我没有得到任何支援。
tr	O	好吧，行吧，这可能有点戏剧化了，但是当时的感觉就是那样。
tr	O	我的头发松散地披在他的胸前，并且他呻吟了一声，弓起身子，迫使我吞得更多。
tr	I	I sense his shadow is heading for a dangerous place , but I think about following him , hiding within his shadow .
tr	O	带着嘀嘀呀哟啊啊发尔啊多，并且一个嘀嘀呀哟啊哎呀。
tr	O	我的声音颤抖了，并且我讨厌它。
tr	I	I 'll never forgive him for it , and this was his way of beating me .
tr	I	Dr Baker over ruled me but I tried to stop him from seeing her .
tr	I	It was too late , but he cocked his arm back .
tr	O	他的呼吸在冷空气中形成白色的云，并且他的鞋子踩在白雪上嘎吱作响。
tr	I	The lookout called down that he had seen a flash from the signaling mirror , and the sun was now well up .
tr	O	他的情绪激怒了我，并且他一无所知。
tr	O	有些女人是你睡过的，并且有些女人是你结婚的。
tr	I	Another twenty to get to the arena , and it took him fifteen minutes to get a taxi at the tiny airport .
tr	I	One of the very good things about that was , she could do things her way now , and well , he wasn 't here .
tr	O	罗娜只有片刻时间去想，“糟了！”，并且她就潜回到巨石后面，尽可能地伏低身体。
tr	O	一旦被怀疑，他们就必须被清除，并且这是交给布鲁尔兄弟的工作。
tr	I	Her eyes were glazed over and her expression was cold .
tr	I	They 're not sure when he 'll walk again , but he 'll live .
tr	O	中心可能，但是她没有。
tr	O	他试图抓住它，但是能量没有回应他的意志。
tr	I	Nobody will sell me one but I tried buying a ticket .
tr	O	她拿着一块画布走出房间，并且她检查了芭比，然后是我。
tr	O	她的喉咙被撕开了，并且她仰卧着。
tr	O	她被捕了，并且我们无法把她弄回来。
tr	I	Leonhard left the room , and the voice didn 't reply .
tr	I	Her stubborn inner diva demanded she keep drinking it , but that nagging voice in her head ordered her to throw the rest of the daiquiri away .
tr	I	His eyes widened after realizing that she weren 't wearing fake lashes at all and Michael stared at her lashes .
tr	O	她不得不听到朱莉的指甲敲击柜台的声音，但是她没有采取任何行动看向女儿的方向。
tr	I	She didn 't have time to react and the shadow came out of no where .
tr	I	He refused this , but there was some talk of dressing him fine too .
tr	O	他知道舰长在索马里损失了那么多手下后心情很糟糕，但是爱德华没有时间理会这些。
tr	I	When she began to turn it inside him , the pain was amplified , and Asha pushed the arrow in .
tr	O	他筋疲力尽，大部分夜晚都几乎不睡觉，并且他的工作日程因为一系列坏运气而爆棚。
tr	O	妈妈只对他吼叫，并且乔伊站在他妹妹一边。
tr	O	有一个时期人们没有货币，并且他们用金沙购买东西。
tr	I	He handles them well , but he has his troubles with his men from time to time , just as I do .
tr	I	He swallowed , catching his breath , and his eyes flicked between us .
tr	I	She nodded her agreement and Neil looked at her .
tr	I	His eyes were open , but he hadn 't moved .
tr	I	He was bowing to me , and Shim was easily the most impressive person I 'd ever met ?
tr	O	她在每一次打击中都畏缩，但是疼痛并不是她最大的担忧。
tr	O	我担心他与亚伯的安全。
tr	O	他数到二十，但是只有一片寂静。
tr	I	He learned also that it felt better to do so now , because he wasn 't weeping alone and he learned that he could still weep .
tr	I	The only other cars around were the few parked alongside Melinda 's and they were three miles outside the village .
tr	I	She chewed her lower lip , and her eyes wide in horror .
tr	O	格蕾丝带着她的孩子们来了，但是我的姐夫待在家里。
tr	O	他的喉咙感觉像要堵住了一样，但是他还是继续前进。
tr	O	她竟然开始喜欢啤酒这件事反而让她更加恼火，而且她又想出了另一个反对他的论点。
tr	I	Edward was mostly kept out of the way , and Abigail was an angel , Eadie a Madonna .
tr	I	Now I would never lose track of the seasons in the Underworld , but it 'd never served a purpose before .
tr	I	She wanted to scream and Kira 's eyes flashed upward .
tr	I	He was very tall , and he was full-grown now .
tr	I	It doesn 't matter , but my gut tells me she was going to say something else .
tr	O	房间变得模糊起来，并且我能听到有人在对我说话。
tr	O	我以为我嫉妒他，但是实际上，他嫉妒我？
tr	I	It did make sense , but I never really thought about it like that before .
tr	I	In reality I hadn 't been but I thought I was helping him .
tr	I	He 'd set no markers as guides to take him back to the border of that place called sanity , and No landmarks he recognized .
tr	I	They quickly took the hint and he scowled at her companions .
tr	I	Gregori felt that wince , that trembling , through his entire body like the blade of a knife , and the movement caused her to wince .
tr	O	我仍然依偎在肯南的怀里，并且我抬头发现他在看着我。
tr	O	其他人会当面嘲笑我，但是他却从不这样。
tr	I	You can just shut me out , but I can put up a wall .
tr	I	I see a thick layer of relief suddenly wash over Nathan , and she gets up from the couch , surprising all of us .
tr	I	I smile and she shivers .
tr	O	她的眼睛是淡蓝色的，而且她的皮肤比他最初注意到的雀斑更多一些。
tr	I	His eyes narrowed at Jeremy drew near , and the man straightened as Jeremy 's approach .
tr	I	That didn 't mean I had to like it , but yeah , I was going to take his ride .
tr	I	It was bitterly cold and the raw light of dawn was seeping through the thick cloud cover .
tr	O	它是梳过去的，但是它对他来说很合适。
tr	I	It was causing his stomach to churn up inside him and it seemed like they 'd been in this turn for an age .
tr	I	His eyes took on a hooded , lazy quality , and the lines of his face softened .
tr	O	奥斯卡几乎和克莱一样沮丧，并且痛苦了几小时后他便去办公室了。
tr	O	他无法说出他如何能说服她开口，但是有一件事他更确定。
tr	I	Signals are scrambled somehow after sundown , but they 've caught movement at night .
tr	O	她迅速地瞥了一眼扎克，但是他的表情难以捉摸。
tr	O	福克斯，走在队伍最前方，喊出了各个转弯方向，并且我们跟随着。
tr	O	这位神秘的骑手看起来过于纤细，不像是男人，然而当伯杰试图挣扎时，他发现自己被铁一般的抓握牢牢控制。
tr	I	I couldn 't get my legs to move , but run , leave the restaurant , I told myself .
tr	O	门铰链弯了，并且门歪斜地挂着。
tr	I	Will did , but they didn 't love me .
tr	O	我很久没有和父母分开了，并且我猜康纳也没有。
tr	O	我张开嘴想说些刻薄的话，但是比安卡抢先了。
tr	O	我再次开始向前扑去，但是杰森设法拔出了他的武器。
tr	I	He stepped toward me , and I gasped for breath .
tr	I	She cut me off , but I opened my mouth to protest .
tr	O	窗户都摇了下来，并且炎热潮湿的微风吹过车窗，带来一丝微不足道的舒适。
tr	O	我明白他想转移话题，但是我曾希望既然我们都长大了，就可以跳过团体体操了。
tr	I	Matt felt the terror she showed , and she pointed at the window .
tr	O	她知道他正试图安抚她，但是他手的感觉正在瓦解她的决心。
tr	O	布里亚转过头去看她在向谁挥手，并且她的嘴不悦地撅了起来。
tr	O	他们正笑着什么，而且我感觉自己处于某种异次元空间。
tr	I	Mr Tall always liked to take advantage of local venues whenever possible , but sometimes we played in a big top which we transported around with us .
tr	I	The children , now I must pay the cost for my past deeds and I was granted too great of a gift in Mia .
tr	I	Henry Mason emerged and the side door into the First Minister 's office opened .
tr	I	The falcon flew off into the night , and she murmured something to him that sounded like squawks .
tr	O	他点了自己的苹果派加冰淇淋，并且我们一口接一口地互相较量着。
tr	I	Her shoulder rubbed against Brant 's because of Mrs. Pitts ' chubby body on the other side of her and Abigail set her spoon down .
tr	O	一瞬间那看起来像是痛苦，但是艾利克斯确信自己一定是错了。
tr	I	I didn 't need to worry him with this and Adam already owned half of Chicago .
tr	I	He simply nodded , but Lucas looked skeptical .
tr	I	Lysander stepped outside , and the sliding glass door opened .
tr	I	I did , but I didn 't want to , mainly because he looked pissed .
tr	O	我明白你为什么生气，但是那是很久以前的事了。
tr	O	丹妮担心那些游戏可能会激发杰斯野性的愤怒，但是它们没有。
tr	O	我们现在比以往任何时候都更接近凡人世界，而且你随时都可以回家。
tr	I	For a moment she feared he was nothing more than a fantasy and Mist enveloped him .
tr	I	We weren 't afraid and they need to know that we were here .
tr	I	We 'll be able to do it , but it 'll be tight .
tr	O	他们看起来都比我老，有些甚至老了几十年，并且他们看起来和我感觉一样困惑。
tr	I	My heart pounds as he hovers there above me , millimeters from touching me , and his breath is hot across my lips , mingling with mine .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say but T-Bone looked at me like it was my time to speak .
tr	O	过去一年里发生了很多变化，但是那次爆炸对改变这个组织的影响比任何其他因素都大。
tr	I	He 'd turned his back , but she glanced at Trent .
tr	I	She allowed herself to breathe again and the snowdrifts up ahead were smaller .
tr	O	她的手指把棒球帽揉成一团，并且她的心开始以一种疯狂的期待砰砰直跳。
tr	O	这不是卡迈恩的第一次强制性聚会，但是这无疑是最不舒服的一次。
tr	I	She was already somewhere private with jock boy , but I looked around for Rachel to say good-bye .
tr	I	I no longer could breathe , and our eyes met .
tr	O	眼泪又开始涌出，但是安吉拉把它们擦掉了。
tr	O	她知道他中弹了，但是她希望那只是擦伤了皮肤。
tr	I	Sole started to giggle and Trapper blew up again .
tr	I	The noose they 'd wrapped around her throat cut off her ability to breathe , weakening her , but she fought as best she could .
tr	O	他们搬到前客厅，并且泰莎爱上了那里。
tr	O	我曾周游世界，很多次，但是我很少经历过这样的自然风光。
tr	I	He licked his lips and Mathieu 's eyes widened .
tr	I	She seemed to alter her normal path through the hallways , and she wasn 't at her locker at the usual times .
tr	O	我急忙去洗手间时忘了带洗发水，但是幸好淋浴间里有一块肥皂。
tr	O	肯定有另一个故事，真实的故事，并且他要去找出那是什么。
tr	O	门开了，并且她就站在他面前。
tr	O	我身后走廊对面的一间屋子里传来一声咳嗽，并且我循声望去。
tr	I	The show started up and I smiled at him .
tr	I	He still hasn 't gotten over it and his wife died several years ago .
tr	I	I jerk it away , but she seizes my elbow .
tr	I	I 'm just so tired , but she might still be talking .
tr	O	差不多该走了，并且我仍然穿着我最喜欢的那套旧运动服。
tr	I	I have posted other archers , nigh as good marksmen as myself , on either bank , and I have my bow here .
tr	I	Still trying to smile , but Said Cristobal visibly tired .
tr	I	Gabe sent out the punting team , and the very next play , the Wildcats sacked Kenny again .
tr	I	It wasn 't who I was but it was where I had done it .
tr	I	He could see that she was young , and his left eye was working a bit better now .
tr	I	She stopped me with her hands sliding down my sweaty back but I began to pull back .
tr	I	As I fell to the ground I heard a loud shot , and the left side of my head opened to a searing pain .
tr	I	I needed it back , but I debated just walking out .
tr	I	He stared at the floor but Poseidon stayed in his lean .
tr	I	The slightly wilted wildflowers Thaddeus had sent Ella the other day , and the room smelled like organic coffee , freshly squeezed orange juice .
tr	I	She was glad she wasn 't standing and her head spun .
tr	O	他猛地抬起头，以为自己像垃圾一样被扔在了会议厅后面，但是他身在室内。
tr	O	灿烂的光芒消失了，并且取而代之的，只有痛苦。
tr	I	I 've always appreciated it when an author illuminates his inspiration , but a peek behind the curtain is certainly not a mandatory excursion .
tr	O	他渴望着什么，并且他就是知道当他坐在她床边倾听时，那种感觉就会消失。
tr	O	我的袜子因为昨天跑步仍然湿漉漉的，并且它们让我很不舒服。
tr	O	她的嘴张得很大，并且她露出了牙齿。
tr	I	He halted suddenly and his stomach cramped .
tr	I	He was done playing games , but a part of him demanded he lie .
tr	I	The lot was littered with debris of all kinds , and dozens of big cardboard boxes were scattered around .
tr	I	She had no reason to believe she couldn 't , and she really wanted to heal Brick .
tr	O	那是一群安静的人，与他一同站在城墙上，并且破天荒地，微风几乎没有触动他们的情绪。
tr	O	其他孩子都够可爱了，但是艾斯林抢尽了她的所有风头。
tr	O	她所需要做的只是低语，并且他的狼就能听到她。
tr	O	灯光从明亮变为昏暗，并且柔和的音乐开始播放。
tr	I	It was infectious , and Poe laughed again .
tr	O	巴尼·汤普森担任公司律师的时间几乎和玛格丽特在那里工作的时间一样长，并且他们多年来一直保持着时断时续的关系。
tr	I	Everyone 's happy to see the baby , but the staff are asleep on their feet .
tr	O	他们正在培训另一批时间设定者，但是对那份工作感兴趣的人越来越少。
tr	I	She was broken about this , and she wasn 't a liar .
tr	I	We meet back at the Institute in an hour , but we split up .
tr	O	Celestino散发出的温暖诱惑着她靠得更近，但是她却抗拒了。
tr	O	他不知道她在他脸上看到了什么，但是他确实知道那吓坏了她。
tr	I	Its power was greater than its creators and there it lived , growing in the darkness , until it reached to all the places of its world .
tr	O	我试图坐起来，但是我所能做的只是进一步蜷缩成一团。
tr	I	There were consequences , but they could choose to do otherwise .
tr	O	我可能只出去了一个小时，但是那一个小时也太久了。
tr	I	Clemmons had died in the massacre , and the viscount had been in debt to Clemmons .
tr	O	他的名字是乔治，就叫乔治，并且他说话带有一种快速的英语口音。
tr	O	她的头向后仰着，并且她甜美的笑声从唇间溢出。
tr	O	他几乎什么事都能被说服，并且偷窃比上学容易多了。
tr	I	I wasn 't about to start reaching into her thoughts again , but it was hard to read her expression .
tr	I	Strangely was honored as a profession , but it was looked down upon .
tr	O	他的指尖在电话底座上敲打着一首曲子，但是吉恩没有拨号。
tr	O	通常，那些光点会保持在几英尺的距离，但是当我想和它们玩的时候，我可以把它们叫近。
tr	I	It fell to the ground in a clatter of wood and she undid the final strap holding the litter in place .
tr	O	他点了点头，并且我继续说了下去。
tr	I	We get out of our chairs and Robbie emerges from the double doors .
tr	O	她的头发紧紧地束在脑后，并且她一只手拿着一顶男士礼帽。
tr	I	Irene looked confused , and Walter frowned deeply .
tr	O	爸爸一开始拒绝了这个主意，但是妈妈就像四月里一朵固执的郁金香。
tr	O	他以前从没打过女人，但是凡事总有第一次，该死。
tr	O	坐标存在差异，但是正如艾比所建议的，它们位于那串数字的末尾。
tr	I	If possible , it brightened even more , and Annie turned her smile toward Heath .
tr	I	He will hurt me , and he wants to be free .
tr	O	气温几乎没有升到个位数以上，并且风一整天都没有停歇。
tr	I	Luke slid his wet fingers out of me and the elevator doors opened to our floor .
tr	O	他的嫉妒心让我兴奋，而且我现在得整晚忍受两腿间肿胀的疼痛。
tr	I	We are on the borders of Alegria but we are safe here for a short time only .
tr	O	德尔的手悄悄滑上我的大腿，并且我的身体僵住了。
tr	I	At that moment he got an idea , but Jin formed a ball of energy in his hand .
tr	I	He scooted his chair a few inches towards Kim , and I shot Brent a warning glance .
tr	I	Eyes not yet dulled by the drudgery of days shone from under a strong brow , and just the hint of soft whiskers graced the face .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but it tasted like crap .
tr	O	他以为吕西安是唯一能进入来世的战士，但是显然雷耶斯也能。
tr	I	The night porter wore a stained turban , and now the lobby smelled like old newspapers .
tr	I	Tonight he had been unusually quiet , but he was usually full of fun .
tr	O	他是一只很温顺的狗，但是他有其他的责任。
tr	I	We both fell silent , and I groaned .
tr	O	邦达不明白有什么大不了的，但是他觉得兰多知道一些他不知道的关于细菌的事情。
tr	O	那个动作太突然了，并且我吐了他一身。
tr	I	There was no denying the chemistry between them , but she might not return his deeper feelings .
tr	I	His hand shook as he raised the cup of coffee he was holding to his lips and Ethan was quiet for a moment .
tr	I	Cade was far more treacherous than Aiden could even begin to imagine , and I had already seen that .
tr	O	门试图猛地打开，但是罗克用体重抵住了它。
tr	O	她可能需要给朋友打电话，而且电话坏了。
tr	O	这女孩不会超过十四岁，而且她没有和族群里其他人一样的气味。
tr	O	女性知道这一点，但是男性似乎在讨论这个话题的那天逃学了。
tr	I	I didn 't , but maybe I should have .
tr	O	服务将迅速提供，但是不保证有心灵沟通，盖斯特在他的信中澄清道。
tr	I	Jase had met him at a party in Palm Beach a year earlier , and his name was Sherman Liss .
tr	O	这就是我所需要的，一个混蛋来训练我，而且他显然长得像个神，会毁掉我所有梦想中的男人。
tr	I	You cannot see reality , but I try to show you .
tr	I	I found it surprisingly difficult not to do so but there was no need to confirm it .
tr	O	你让我感受到了我从未...，但是这一切都无关紧要。
tr	I	Tully wasn 't sorry , and it was clear that Rachel 's focus had returned to her children .
tr	I	Her eyes were also on me , but Leslie asked Juliet .
tr	O	我可能正计划在贞洁方面与修女竞争，但是这不意味着我不能关心其他人。
tr	O	这里的路蜿蜒曲折，而且她在黑暗中感到迷失方向。
tr	I	I never asked for any of this , but sure , I was freaky as hell .
tr	I	He smelled her fear and the pulse in her neck jumped rapidly .
tr	O	再给我们一次机会，而且我保证永远不会再伤害你。
tr	O	达伦为打我而道歉，而且我接受了他的道歉……通过直接打回去。
tr	O	找到一个不想被发现的人并非世界上最容易的事，并且波尔在误导方面变得非常熟练。
tr	I	Strands of it blew around in the wind , and her hair was down .
tr	I	When their eyes met , there was an immediate connection and her smile was captivating .
tr	I	It seemed just as easy as the other game , but the balls were bigger , the hoop farther away .
tr	O	他的笑容很灿烂，并且他的眼神灵动。
tr	O	他的手臂上刻满了各种形状的纹身，并且他的头向前倾着，背对着我。
tr	I	There was the money , and there was the box .
tr	O	他对没有报警感到不高兴，但是他知道那起不了多大作用。
tr	O	我试图绕过他，但是他比我快——快得多。
tr	O	默瑟在一年前离了婚，并且他的生活方式有了显著的提升。
tr	O	随着乐器逐一停止，乐队的音乐变得刺耳难辨，并且吸血鬼开始有了反应。
tr	O	他直到可能为时已晚，无力回天时才意识到，并且他确实也不想。
tr	O	他们同年都在这所学校开始工作，并且他们的友谊立即开花结果。
tr	I	I really wanted to be sure she was numb , but I used harder jabs than before .
tr	O	我知道我做错了，但是我不再为自己找借口了。
tr	O	他的手臂环绕着她，并且他把他们俩都扶了起来。
tr	I	Her emotions threatened to bubble over and she still felt uneasy .
tr	O	他的皮肤贴着我的温暖，并且我感到比以往任何时候都安全。
tr	O	然后他挺直了身体，并且一丝淡淡的微笑在他嘴角形成。
tr	I	I turned away to loosen the strap of my helmet , and her face scrunched up with an emotion I could no longer stir up in myself .
tr	I	The authorities are now aware of your whereabouts , and Problem is , you 're a wanted man .
tr	I	They weren 't rushing to attack , but spikes glistened on the leading trolleys .
tr	O	安迪再次出现，拍拍他的背，并且我们随后投入到欢迎的干扰中，去装载剩下的馅饼。
tr	O	露比看到她的母亲气得鼓了起来，并且随后很快就变得疲惫而消瘦。
tr	O	蟋蟀嗡嗡作响，并且汽车呼啸而过。
tr	O	她是我的母亲，并且她会阻止他们。
tr	O	阿里安娜仍然不在视线内，但是她不会再迟很久了。
tr	O	她知道它会为他准备好，但是她看到它时仍然畏缩了。
tr	O	他们现在已经为此工作了五千年，并且我想他们最终已经熨平了大部分麻烦。
tr	O	我们在这里一起，并且我们独自在一起。
tr	I	It was gorgeous , the heart a lovely symbol of love , but it wasn 't ostentatious .
tr	I	Roswell fever swept the globe , and the world bought the story .
tr	I	My throat felt parched , and my stomach grumbled as I splashed the cool water on my skin .
tr	O	我必须把它抛诸脑后，或者我自己可能会有点疯掉。
tr	O	液态的温暖顺着我的手臂流下，但是我坚持下去，跟踪他，嘲弄他。
tr	I	He levitated them and one by one they jumped .
tr	O	他又看了一眼，但是气垫船没有他而升空了。
tr	I	Some puss filled zits around your mouth first thing tomorrow morning and maybe you 'll also get a nice sloppy kiss .
tr	O	墨杜萨看着水面波动，并且一个脸在涟漪中形成。
tr	O	就在那时门开了，并且他们的头转了过来。
tr	O	罗马对此感到困惑，并且她并非唯一一个。
tr	O	我们飞速穿过圣迭戈的街道，并且她一直紧抓着我。
tr	O	我想看他的反应，并且我为此仔细观察着他。
tr	O	世界上正在发生事情，但是我看着它们却没看进去。
tr	O	我已经告诉了冥界所有人不要惹我，并且看起来他们终于决定听了。
tr	O	几乎不可能和那男人争辩，但是当她思考他所说的话时，她的脾气有点暴躁起来。
tr	I	I would not trust you by my side either , but I would not trust you out of my sight .
tr	I	She has one big flaw , but she 's about the nicest person I know .
tr	O	我迈了一步走进走廊，并且头顶的灯亮了。
tr	O	它看起来就像我所预料的那样，但是那股味道， unmistakingly是她的，让我震惊了。
tr	I	I gestured Angelina inside , and I pushed open the door .
tr	I	I can 't squirm away from him and he tightens his hold around my arms .
tr	I	Everyone fell silent and it was nearly midnight when Henry stood .
tr	I	He would trust in God to see him through ; and he would leave his unit in search of adventure .
tr	O	辛辣烟熏牛肉的浓郁风味如此美味以至于她的胃都抽筋了，并且这让她用尽了全部自制力才没有吞下去。
tr	O	她的双手现在因为用力拍打而疼痛，但是她不在乎。
tr	I	I was rather taken aback by their poor health that would have hospitalized a normal man , and some were worse than others .
tr	O	他反而指了指桌子，并且一个大富翁棋盘出现了。
tr	I	The floor was like quicksand , but I tried to step out .
tr	I	My throat was too dry , but I tried to swallow .
tr	I	This was Dani 's show , but Cassie realized that the popcorn had not been made for a movie .
tr	O	佐伊吓坏了无法回应，而且艾迪投给我一个充满鄙夷的眼神。
tr	O	她很紧张，就像第一次给男生打电话的女学生一样，但是她有理由紧张。
tr	I	The truth of the matter was that he hadn 't been drunk enough to lose his senses , but he could blame it on the alcohol .
tr	I	Then she hadn 't been paying much attention , but she didn 't recall details of his family .
tr	I	I immediately heard the door lock , and Quinn came in after me , slammed the door .
tr	O	我已经不得不为失去朋友而悲伤两次了，而且我的一部分感觉这不可能正在发生。
tr	O	他知道有些不对劲，但是他想不明白是什么。
tr	I	The other was gesturing along with her words , and she had one hand placed on her hip .
tr	O	我开始打开它，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	I	Until now there hadn 't been any reason to contact the manager and they 'd lived in the apartment for well over a year .
tr	I	His head fell to the side , but his fingers stayed firmly gripped to Nikolas 's shoulder .
tr	I	His back was to Deckard and he was tall .
tr	I	She figured she was broken , but she knew sex could be good .
tr	O	他可能不认识他的这些兄弟，但是他们正指望着他，该死的。
tr	I	The door swung open , and he rang the bell .
tr	I	She needed him to leave as quickly as possible and she was barely hanging onto what was left of it now .
tr	O	他接着对杰瑞米大喊让他转入大海，但是杰瑞米听不见。
tr	I	Marcia forced herself to take a sip of water from the chewed cup , and Jenna slipped back to Sarah 's side .
tr	I	I know right away that he didn 't and the shock on his face is too real .
tr	I	She moved her fingers in careful consideration , and the pain faded rapidly from her body .
tr	I	The proper sounds can be made into the most bizarre visual effects in the mind , and it can do everything with sound effects .
tr	I	People danced and musicians played .
tr	I	He would do nothing to slow his arrival , but just what that meant he did not know .
tr	I	It didn 't stop the scream of rage that fol owed , but boulders crashed down , blocking the cavern .
tr	I	It must 've been bad because she never dates , but mom doesn 't say much about what went wrong .
tr	O	我将我的嘴唇覆在她的上面，并且我身体的每个细胞都在歌唱。
tr	I	You would have no way of knowing it would put you in danger , but it was foolish of you to dress beneath your station .
tr	I	The guarded look in his eyes pulled at her heart , and Tony walked around the SUV to open Sarah 's door .
tr	O	他的表情没有乞求，但是凯西知道他内心深处一定感受着什么。
tr	O	他所关心的只有伊森，并且伊森知道这一点。
tr	I	Much addicted to spiritualism but she is a kind person .
tr	O	我不认为这有可能，但是显然是的，我感到怒火在我体内翻腾，吞噬着我。
tr	I	I was more scared of the gun in Blaire 's hands than of Angelina at the moment but I should have done something to fight back now .
tr	I	She knew the admission cost him , and a muscle ticked in his jaw .
tr	I	I wasn 't getting the feel of a newly embalmed corpse , which might indicate a funeral home , and we weren 't passing a cemetery .
tr	I	We began going up and the doors shut .
tr	O	沃森的故事会暂时盖过我自己的风头，但是一旦那件事结束了，就轮到我了。
tr	O	她拿着酒坐了下来，并且我拿出了意式蒜香虾。
tr	I	I actually have been here in Mesopotamia for a few days now and I left my family a few months ago in search of you .
tr	I	He seemed to be dealing with it well , but Raegan said he didn 't talk about it .
tr	O	他看着我时，眼中充满了悲伤，并且我想让那悲伤消失。
tr	O	奥托的脸是坚忍的，但是尼克的脸是愤怒的，好像他真的很厌恶这次会议。
tr	I	Mrs. Flowers silently barred the way , but he took a step toward them as if threatening to come through the door .
tr	I	I was startled at the fierceness I saw , and he shifted his gaze back to me .
tr	I	He came into focus as he limped up to us , pulling off the helmet , and I scanned the darkness again .
tr	I	I didn 't expect her to make a spectacle , but I know I asked her to be polite to Lake .
tr	I	It will come , but like Wodehouse says , it 'll take the trainee a little longer to get the idea .
tr	I	This time I don 't pay attention to my dress , and he scoops me back up .
tr	O	你只要告诉我你到底想要什么，并且我会确保它实现。
tr	O	纱门开了，并且他们走了出来。
tr	O	有时鲁珀特会加入她，并且他们在友好的沉默中散步。
tr	O	她的皮肤透过紧身的红色布料感到温暖，并且当女主人带他们到餐桌旁时，他都不愿放她走。
tr	I	They were so diluted with fear they most likely wouldn 't have listened anyway and the sound level was deafening in the underground club .
tr	I	His clothes looked as if they had stains from not one but a dozen previous owners , but his face was clean .
tr	O	本能占据了主导，并且他跑了。
tr	I	The rest of him was mildly amused , but a part of him wanted to beat her upside the head .
tr	O	戴维松开了他的朋友，并且警长呻吟着本能地蜷缩起来。
tr	I	She could only watch in amazement , and he also did other exercises , continually working to bring his body back up to par .
tr	O	他以前曾为了生存而扮演一个角色，但是现在他对自己是谁感到自在。
tr	O	门开了，并且他们看到了地板上的东西。
tr	I	My eyes leaving the cashmere to fall on a pair of black boots , and I thought about the blood spraying my cardigan .
tr	I	She didn 't say it , but Astrid was sure there was more than that .
tr	I	There was a single white rose in the center and Twelve were red .
tr	I	She bit her lower lip and her eyes narrowed .
tr	O	她的眼睛是漂亮而深邃的蓝色，但是当她说话时，她背叛了她的真实本性。
tr	O	多米尼克·斯皮内利可能是第二分局有史以来最年轻的侦探之一，但是他拥有经验丰富的调查方向感。
tr	O	萨姆在他的嘴边呻吟，但是她没有抵抗。
tr	I	He does work in ways we cannot comprehend , but I 'm not saying this is God 's will .
tr	O	我完全封闭了自己，并且我比其他男人更需要掌控。
tr	I	She started to snore and I poked her arm .
tr	O	它只是地平线上的一个小点，并且没有琼纳的踪迹。
tr	O	梅根审视着我的脸，并且她绽放了一个灿烂的笑容。
tr	O	佩克先生乘坐救护车离开了学校，并且仁慈综合医院是最近的医院。
tr	O	另一名无畏卫兵站在那里，并且他对我出现的样子比塔拉更加震惊。
tr	O	他并没有比平时更粗鲁，但是安雅被他的着装惹恼了。
tr	O	他们知道我们对自己的重视，并且知道这一点，他们必须尽可能多地收集那些宝贵的资产。
tr	I	She was too exhausted , but Jaxon wanted to reach for him , to merge her mind with his .
tr	O	我试图阻止我的手指，试图中断扫动的动作，但是感觉我的握力不再属于我了。
tr	O	他不太了解她，但是他开始认出她的一些特质。
tr	I	I struggled to push them aside , and horrible images filled my mind .
tr	I	He handled it graciously , but Sarah could tell that the captain was somewhat annoyed by the intrusion .
tr	I	I sank back in my seat and he pounded his fist on the steering wheel .
tr	I	It seemed to me you could , but I don 't say you loved me .
tr	I	I adored certain things he did and I loved everything he was ( not every little bit of thing about him though ) .
tr	I	My hands tremble as I reach around to fasten the clasp and I loop my arms through the straps .
tr	I	I knew that it was for the best , but my heart trembled a little , leaving him there all alone .
tr	I	They would need to remain here for the first few days and it was also the first stop because they both would undergo a complete medical examination .
tr	I	She took advantage and he tore his mouth away from hers at the pain .
tr	I	She held out for as long as she could before a frustrated sigh escaped her tightened throat , and she knew exactly what he was doing .
tr	I	I don 't know why and butterflies erupt in my stomach .
tr	O	她的眼皮抬了起来，并且她难以置信地盯着他。
tr	O	门立刻飞快地打开了，并且另外两名警卫冲了进来。
tr	O	那是二手的，我倒觉得没关系，但是弗兰克却很讨厌它。
tr	I	His head hurt worse , but he didn 't think it possible .
tr	I	I don 't deserve a call , and he 's not a texter .
tr	I	He kept holding on anyway , but the shrapnel scratches on his arm hurt .
tr	O	他们立刻准备了一次远征，并且他们在一小时内离开了。
tr	O	唯一的照明来自太阳，并且宽敞房间里的阴影显得异常深邃。
tr	O	我会把冲洗和晾干留给你。
tr	I	I 'm sick of beans , and I am unambitious with dinner , because we don 't have anything other than dried beans .
tr	O	电话座机将在交换机处被切断，并且那辆已经停在路边的白色面包车会打开它的电子干扰器。
tr	O	埃德加向她伸出手，并且她接受了。
tr	O	她挣扎了，但是那是部落里的人，一个比她更强壮的人。
tr	I	Yet as an analytical exercise , it proved powerful , and Rachel 's question , Tolland knew , was loaded .
tr	I	It takes awhile to believe he 's real , but my head snaps around at the hiss .
tr	I	He ran his fingers over my head , calming me , and I shrugged .
tr	I	I don 't plan on it either and I never did bother to text Cooper .
tr	I	She got to keep it after the divorce , along with a sizable monthly alimony check and Nicole had bought this house with husband number two .
tr	O	恶魔们正在逼近，并且是时候战斗了。
tr	I	I waved her up and Maggie was hanging back .
tr	I	There is barely a dry eye in the place and the song wraps up .
tr	O	她牵起我的手，并且我们走进了城堡。
tr	O	一个让我上床的赌注，并且我一无所知。
tr	I	I was busy imagining Mr. Peterson 's reaction when he saw his mailbox , but someone called out something .
tr	I	His name was conspicuously absent from our conversations for the rest of the day , but I don 't know what Margaret said .
tr	I	Diana was hiding behind it , and it had slammed into place .
tr	I	They weren 't far away , but they were nowhere near as fast as Lara had been .
tr	I	A door opened and the lights went out .
tr	O	给我一个小时，并且我就可以离开大楼了。
tr	I	Alone , they weren 't so bad , but he still had the highlights in his hair .
tr	O	我的声音比平时低了一点，但是它并没有比以前不清楚。
tr	I	I continued to shake my head and I felt my eyes fill up with tears .
tr	O	当你关心一个人，并且他们背叛你时，就会非常痛苦。
tr	O	电话响起来，并且他们告诉我他们正在派一位客人上来，这需要三分钟。
tr	O	我并没有失去一位家人，但是感觉上我失去了。
tr	I	It comes across as being kind of unbelievable , and they like to brag about the things that they 've seen .
tr	O	黑暗正在逼近，并且房间的每个角落都显得充满威胁。
tr	I	The building was as openly hostile as its owner and there was nothing inviting about Oliver 's cabin .
tr	O	当我走进厨房并且尼克正坐在一个吧台凳上时，我感到很惊讶。
tr	O	它们消失了，并且热量上升。
tr	I	The silvery amulet was gone , but she searched the bedside table .
tr	O	她的脸亮了起来，并且她的嘴唇张开了。
tr	I	She smiled and I practiced my French .
tr	I	The guard screamed as he flew through the air and there was a flash of blue light .
tr	O	杰西的父亲JJ曾是个风度翩翩的男人，并且在他更明朗的时刻，能够将强烈的爱倾注在他所偏爱的人身上。
tr	I	Achy her teeth hurt and Carol was so exhausted .
tr	O	我不像某些电影明星那样美艳动人，但是我长得还不错。
tr	I	His hold on her was controlled , so careful , but she could feel the rage vibrating in his body .
tr	I	I stood there , silently , and shock froze me in place , gaping like an idiot .
tr	O	他实际上并没有做任何非法的事情，并且这必须相当明显，他不是恐怖组织的一员。
tr	O	贝丝似乎没有听见，但是接着她慢慢地转向了他。
tr	I	There was no answer , but I had tried to call her hotel suite a few times .
tr	O	它会困扰我直到我生命终结，并且我隐约怀疑它会永远困扰亚历克斯。
tr	I	I met their stares and my hands dropped from my face .
tr	O	她指责我试图抢走她的位置，并且她抓住了我的手臂。
tr	O	又是那个吸血鬼图书管理员，而且这次他的声音很不耐烦。
tr	O	他用手臂环抱住她，并且她的双腿缠绕在他的背上。
tr	I	He turned around , and she called out .
tr	O	我本会付出一切，但是我却一无所有。
tr	O	我推着那些光，命令它们屈从于我的意志，但是它们没有服从。
tr	I	His arms tightened around her more , and Levi growled instructions in her ear .
tr	O	在某个夜晚找一个临时的性伴侣，然后第二天离开去寻找一个新的。
tr	I	I needed a lot of prompting but they came out well .
tr	O	我想说这么多，但是我说不出来。
tr	O	他的前臂上零星分布着金色毛发，并且麦肯齐盯着他的裸臂。
tr	O	我走向他的桌子，并且他对我笑了。
tr	O	它要再过一个月才开放，但是总有大批人群前来观看乔治·费里斯先生创造的巨型摩天轮。
tr	O	这些记忆将伴随她一生，并且她打算享受每一个时刻。
tr	I	It made sense , but Poor baby boy .
tr	O	他的一条腿似乎比另一条短，或者他的脊椎已经融合了，因为他步态不协调。
tr	I	She 'd be written off as a millionaire 's paid-for mistress and people would take one look at her , at her obvious closeness to Guy .
tr	I	The sun was blistering and it was Saturday afternoon .
tr	I	They all joined into one source located opposite the sisters ' cabin and all three rays of light were encased by streams of black smoke .
tr	O	萨姆看起来很害羞，这很合理因为她是个陌生人，但是他也似乎对认识她很感兴趣。
tr	I	He caught it with his thumb , and a tear tumbled down her cheek .
tr	I	When they caught me , they would tear me to pieces , and I could hear demons above , screaming toward me at speeds faster than thought .
tr	I	They were given one and the people cried out for a King .
tr	O	我不知道怎么回事，但是他们知道。
tr	O	朱迪花了几分钟才回到地面，并且当她这样做时，她小心翼翼地转过身，面向托马斯。
tr	I	He stopped me , his voice a whip that snapped my gaze back to his , but I gripped him , moving to take off the heels .
tr	O	他走路时不停地四处张望，并且他的手从未离开腰间佩剑的剑柄。
tr	O	然而房间里突然充满了原始音乐的汹涌声，并且这似乎增强了她的勇气。
tr	I	I knew I had to find out , but I didn 't know what it meant .
tr	O	互联网新闻媒体发布了关于失落的梵高的短讯，并且相关聊天室里的猜测也随之高涨。
tr	O	接着音乐再次响起，并且客人们恢复了之前的交谈。
tr	I	The morning sun warmed them as they ate breakfast , but it was cold .
tr	I	There was something almost comforting about it tonight , but under normal circumstances that might have been creepy .
tr	O	枪手开始了，并且片刻之后杰克也跟了上来。
tr	I	The smoothness of the ride allowed Jason to be immersed in his own thoughts and the cab carefully inched its way up Highway 401 .
tr	I	A blast of warm air hit my body , taking me by surprise and I got outside .
tr	O	安娜惊讶地看着她，但是塞琳娜却不眨眼地承受着她的目光。
tr	O	泪水溢了出来，并且我绝望地面对着他。
tr	O	她知道他只是诚实，并且她知道她满身汗臭。
tr	I	His disturbance is quite severe , and he is a sensitive man .
tr	I	I was too turned on , but I almost pouted .
tr	I	I was about to die and the forest was right outside .
tr	O	我想开个关于自己脑子更大的玩笑，但是词穷了。
tr	O	渐渐地，她变得更自在，直到尴尬感消退，并且她真的在跳舞。
tr	O	那惹恼了我，并且我狠地把指甲划过他的背。
tr	I	He 'd come back and not while there was a chance his brake lights would flash cherry .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she was a dribbling mess .
tr	O	她不知道它到了那里会发生什么，但是它看起来不妙。
tr	I	I want to memorize all of him in this instant , and his eyes are just slightly open .
tr	I	Christina poured a cup , and the coffee was ready .
tr	I	She was the carefree daughter of a well-to-do businessman , and I was the handsome young buck without a clue .
tr	O	他不是我的朋友，并且我直呼他的名字。
tr	O	在她等待戴夫林回答时，长时间地停顿了一下，并且切斯特笑了。
tr	I	At the same time , Ainsley knew Cameron was keeping a rock-hard rein on his patience , but his voice held frustration .
tr	I	I understand why , and my parents are a little crazy .
tr	I	In its wake he leaves a trail of goose bumps and Knox runs a finger along the side of my thigh .
tr	I	There were already several inches on the ground , and we hadn 't even been walking an hour .
tr	O	其他人看起来很赞叹，但是那个女孩只是嗤笑。
tr	I	We sat in silence , and I nodded .
tr	I	I couldn 't justify leaping from a building and my legs were already jelly from running .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do to fix it , but he wasn 't that ecstatic about his appearance .
tr	I	I hated him at that moment , and Anger curled through me like poison .
tr	O	莱内特走到她的车旁，并且他们都跳了进去。
tr	I	Soon she felt his presence becoming less irritating , and he was becoming a common sight for her .
tr	O	艾利克斯早有此怀疑，并且现在她的怀疑得到了证实。
tr	I	He pushes past that but his arms feel awkward .
tr	O	一股暖风从窗户吹过，并且它带来了在朱尔斯泳池边度过的夏日夜晚的回忆。
tr	I	Someday she would find him , and she wanted to be with someone who thought that she was special .
tr	I	I will dance my own destruction or I must be more careful .
tr	O	奥尔加跑向浴室查看索菲亚是否在那里，并且我照做了。
tr	I	The memory of her vibrant voice sang in his ears , and her lush auburn hair reminded him of autumn .
tr	I	His wrists were handcuffed to the cot rails and his arms were straight at his sides .
tr	I	That 's why I felt pressure and she explained the head was down .
tr	O	他认为这对我会有好处，但是由于政治考量他不能让它发生。
tr	O	他用力嚼着烟草，并且一缕深色液体流到他已经严重染色的胡子上。
tr	O	格伦将手放在她的臀部，并且她的皮肤像看起来一样光滑。
tr	I	She doubted he 'd mind , but Claire wondered what he thought about this private moment .
tr	O	他坚硬的隆起物摩擦着她的下腹让她感到疯狂，并且她隔着他的牛仔裤抚摸着他。
tr	I	He is also on the Management Board but he should be on the client list .
tr	O	他咒骂了，并且奥斯汀僵住了。
tr	O	我知道那没有意义，但是事实并非如此。
tr	O	劳伦不知道亚历克斯看中了那个男人什么，但是她知道她妹妹想做什么就会做什么。
tr	O	我有号码了，并且我可以用我的信用卡付钱给你。
tr	O	那个承诺最终破灭了，但是她仍然保留着那份希望的记忆。
tr	O	这是好作品，并且故事引人入胜。
tr	O	他瞥了一眼壁炉，并且一堆火燃了起来。
tr	I	The boy smiled back at us , and we each took a glass .
tr	I	I find myself smiling just before a small laugh slips past my lips and her laughter is contagious .
tr	I	He is the ' living God ' , and the vegetable world is like Him because it is alive .
tr	I	I didn 't have a lightning bolt scar on my forehead and the only thing missing was a basket .
tr	I	Everyone in our group laughed at her hypothesis , but Ivy insisted Brandon had something to do with the wolves retreating .
tr	O	海风很凉，并且尽管她穿着毛衣，她还是打了个寒颤。
tr	I	The bright blue colour of it looked very out of place in the dark lounge and the tarp was easily five square metres in size .
tr	I	They 'd both agreed never to cross it , and it was as if an invisible line had been drawn .
tr	O	她不知道那是什么意思，并且到了傍晚，她也找不到任何人愿意向她解释。
tr	I	The words came out before he could stop them , but he didn 't want to touch her .
tr	O	我们道了别，并且我离开车站时对警察的看法比我进来时更好。
tr	O	一个小时过去了，并且弗兰妮完成了抛光。
tr	O	她的舌尖触碰到我的，并且她的嘴唇颤抖着。
tr	O	当我和韦斯特互相凝视时，我的心很痛。
tr	O	她看起来仍然苍白，但是他并不担心。
tr	I	You need to get better first , but I know it 's bothering you .
tr	I	He seventeen and I 'd been fourteen .
tr	O	他们给我们的是充足的，并且我们靠此茁壮成长。
tr	I	She stepped out of the door and I pulled my hand away from her .
tr	O	斯凯勒的脸上泛起了红晕，并且她向迪米特里靠得更近了。
tr	O	我的97岁生日还有几周，并且我打算这将是我的最后一篇日记。
tr	O	伊芙是完全无辜的，而且他的阴谋让她失去了家园。
tr	I	My vocal chords don 't seem to be functioning at the moment , but get me the hell out of here is next on my list .
tr	I	I continued nonetheless , but I suddenly knew what she was going to ask .
tr	I	Maggie was quick to follow , and I climbed out of the gully .
tr	O	我爱洛根，并且他爱我。
tr	I	Instinct told him Knox had followed them , but he 'D CAUGHT only the faintest hint of water splashing .
tr	I	He had seldom had any choice , but much that he had done had been little to his honour .
tr	O	她环顾四周，但是没有人。
tr	I	The one I knew was more than enough , but I was less familiar with his other aliases .
tr	O	一股寒意开始沿着她的脊椎蔓延，并且她依然保持安静。
tr	I	Having them branded into my hands didn 't automatically give me that particular skill , but the marks might be the symbol for patience .
tr	I	She hoped to heaven she never had to again , and misty had never before cut flowers that fought back .
tr	O	你们大多数我去年就认识了，但是班里似乎有一些新面孔。
tr	O	我的心开始快速跳动，并且我的大脑告诉我快跑。
tr	I	They 'd pin cushion him as soon as he shows his face , but maybe Mal could hit one with a knife .
tr	O	我走向它，但是我的双腿像火烧一样。
tr	O	柜子半开着，里面虫子从角落里爬出来，并且蜘蛛网从各种奇怪的地方垂下来。
tr	I	It looked like he was considering shooting us for whispering , but I guess it was habit .
tr	O	加百列轻声说，但是在他即将冲出去时我抓住了他的手臂。
tr	I	In that time a second Cane came through the door , but the guardsmen hesitated for no longer than a panicked heartbeat .
tr	O	我是我弟弟和我妈妈仅有的一切。
tr	I	I begin to frantically gather my tray 's contents from the ground and Embarrassment takes over .
tr	I	He halted , looking around for the danger and some sixth sense seemed to warn the Arab .
tr	O	他的眼睛闪烁着光芒，并且他似乎已经走出了被拒绝的阴影。
tr	O	他双目失明了，但是三天后大马士革的亚拿尼亚恢复了他的视力。
tr	O	他挨打了，并且他知道。
tr	I	I wasn 't stupid , but I might have been stubborn .
tr	O	我非常想相信索恩，但是我性格中务实的一面就是不允许我这样做。
tr	I	Without a way to control his lateral movement , he could not intervene , but Warren fell with them .
tr	O	珀斯市周围有一个红色的圆圈，但是那不可能是正确的。
tr	I	That told me what sort of woman she was , and I held her gaze until she looked away first .
tr	I	I didn 't want to ruin it , and being with my mom again was amazing .
tr	O	她几乎张口要说什么，但是她哽住了。
tr	O	约翰，他躲避射击的时机比塔拉慢了零点几秒，终于追上了阿姆斯特朗，但是那个男人太快了。
tr	O	那三个男人举止古怪，并且我有那么一瞬间，知道自己错过了什么。
tr	O	当他们来到另一条支流时，他们曾有过一次不顺利的开始，但是半小时后，他们看到河流迅速萎缩。
tr	O	一团灰尘冲进了我的鼻子，并且我咳嗽了。
tr	I	I lost the ability to breathe and he licked his lips .
tr	I	I need you , and I 'm really afraid .
tr	I	I hadn 't even seen any ' normal ' people since I left home and I got good at avoiding zombies .
tr	I	He was momentarily distracted as he answered the call and the man 's phone rang .
tr	O	这份工作我们需要每个人都百分之百投入，这意味着我和海莉需要做一些物理治疗。
tr	I	Her stomach gave a warning heave , and Green , fleshy bits smeared over the glass .
tr	O	一位吉他手在中场休息时演奏那首歌，但是那曲调几乎令人魂牵梦萦。
tr	I	A steady green glow emerged from two holes in the barn 's flooring , but the barn 's interior was shadowed .
tr	O	我让他知道我家里出了急事，并且我需要至少一个月的时间来解决。
tr	I	They all guessed at least a year , but no one knew for certain how long Spirit had been in the city .
tr	I	I fell to the ground and a gust of wind flew by my head .
tr	I	We were just kids and she was cooking supper .
tr	I	Her bottom lip quivers , and her complexion is pale .
tr	O	我曾嘲笑那些华丽的吸血鬼，并且作为某种宇宙报应，我被变成了一个。
tr	O	我跟着他出了牢房，并且科隆殿后。
tr	O	我听到科尔喊我的名字，但是这没有任何意义。
tr	O	我们离奥斯汀大约两英里，在我和雷恩从罗莎来时用作掩护的树林里。
tr	I	The momentum escaped me , but I leaned back in my chair , determined to add just one more point .
tr	O	他把枪对准了我，并且我意识到我落地时已经把自己的枪弄丢了。
tr	O	这是内战中第一个以我的名义引起的伯爵伤亡，并且是盖奇为我杀戮的。
tr	O	剧痛掌控了他，并且仍然过于剧烈。
tr	I	It wasn 't only with fear , and her heart fluttered .
tr	I	There 's some conflicting information in them , and your father 's newest test results have come in .
tr	O	你的双手紧握成拳，并且你正在晃动双腿。
tr	I	It didn 't stop me from charging ahead , but I saw the sheet of haze separating us .
tr	O	船员们将恐慌保持在有序的最低限度，但是雷娜的肌肉因逃跑的冲动而抽痛。
tr	O	他们坠入了感情的危险境地，并且这让她感到害怕。
tr	I	I am nothing if not forgiving , but you 've chosen the wrong side .
tr	I	I lost it , and that balloon burst .
tr	O	乔治决心证明这房子是他的王国，我们是他的仆人，必须服从他的一切愿望。
tr	O	第一波主要是再造人，但是有少数人类和我们在一起。
tr	O	他们分发完最后一批箱子后，艾登去了墙外，奥斯汀回了商店。
tr	I	He groaned and I squeezed his hardness again .
tr	O	我们对上锁这件事一直没那么小心，因为我们住在二楼，但是显然我们本该小心。
tr	O	她看起来比其他人年轻一点，但是蒙坚持要我带上她，所以我照做了。
tr	O	我的头猛地抬起，并且我看着他。
tr	O	它是被守卫的，但是它是开放的。
tr	O	天啊，我想要她，但是我不希望她认为这完全是肉体上的。
tr	I	I enjoyed the city feel , but the streets were crowded again .
tr	I	Lawyers think like lawyers , and cops think like cops .
tr	O	我推了他的胸部，并且他转向了一侧。
tr	O	他递给我满满一杯，并且我感激地接了过来。
tr	I	She didn 't cry , but a sob caught in her throat .
tr	O	他应该还会很忙，但是我还是敲了门。
tr	I	She had grown to like having him there , but she was still not used to having Devon in her room , in her life even .
tr	O	我知道基拉和我之间的事情将永远不会一样了。
tr	O	琼摇了摇头，并且她的肩膀微微下垂。
tr	O	日子不会等他，并且他的名字在召唤。
tr	I	They will totally disregard whatever the evidence might be to the contrary , and they will absolutely deny that it worked .
tr	O	我想过伊森可能会说什么，考虑到我刚和他最好的朋友一起离开了，但是，我实话实说毫不在乎。
tr	I	Her pupils are dilated , and her hair is a bit wild .
tr	I	I was also trying to remain alert , but I was trying to enjoy the song .
tr	O	他们一直开车直到天黑，但是，他们没有找到任何像他们梦中地方的东西。
tr	O	阿尔赛德在我思考的时候至少说了一会儿话，并且，我错过了很多。
tr	O	我知道我们不应该那样，但是，事情就是这样。
tr	I	He had , but he didn 't think he could stand to lose her .
tr	I	I knew where he kept it , and I knew he had a feather .
tr	I	He grinned and Abby nodded .
tr	O	他们不加疑问地服从了，并且，他们得到了丰厚的回报。
tr	O	她在电影《空中监狱》中担任群演，并且，她去过很多地方旅行。
tr	O	就像他参与其中了，或者，其他人也参与其中了。
tr	I	He was sweating prodigiously , and his face was grey .
tr	I	That seemed to ease the tension a little , and Reed laughed .
tr	I	Its roof hung higher than any ordinary room 's , and its walls were pushed well apart .
tr	O	他在与“甘蔗”的战斗中生还的机会很小，并且，他知道这一点。
tr	O	洛威，那个又高又瘦的家伙，举起他的啤酒，并且我注意到他的指甲上覆盖着剥落的黑色指甲油。
tr	I	This picture was breathtaking , but she had thought Rose was beautiful .
tr	I	Nothing looked edible , and I had to go through the line alone .
tr	O	城市中心的灯光在我们周围柔和地闪耀，并且我将目光从艾舍尔英俊的侧脸上移开。
tr	O	他已经下定决心，并且我不会改变它。
tr	I	I hadn 't realized the only way out was to forfeit publicly , and I wasn 't familiar with the rules of debate competitions .
tr	I	It was still a cheap shot , but she didn 't have any children .
tr	I	She nodded and Charlotte glanced at Annie for confirmation .
tr	O	索菲亚等待着那个笑话，但是它没有出现。
tr	I	She was panting just like I was and I looked down at her perfect face .
tr	O	埃利奥特向前倾身去看他的眼睛，并且当他靠近时，德里斯科尔皱了皱鼻子。
tr	I	Kimber came out onto the porch and the door to the house opened .
tr	I	I could see that , while he was comforted , his fear overcame all else , and I offered my most confident smile .
tr	O	那是一个沉重的秘密，并且他感到生命的色彩从他身上消退。
tr	O	那是警察告诉我他们希望能够帮忙时给我的那种眼神，但是可能已经太迟了。
tr	O	她无法控制那种反应，但是她不允许自己有其他反应。
tr	I	None came , but she struggled for a reply .
tr	I	Something seemed very real about this one , but Sara wondered if she was still dreaming .
tr	I	She 'd married Liam because of Bret and she 'd left Julian because of Jacey .
tr	O	他接受了他的治疗，并且我有了我的未来。
tr	I	That small movement sent a shiver of heat down her spine , but she was rarely distracted by anything .
tr	O	贾斯珀冲到前面保护我，但是为时已晚。
tr	O	乔什出来了，并且我的下巴紧绷了。
tr	O	这没有给她太多时间，但是她会接受她能得到的一切。
tr	O	他们住在一间朴素的小木屋里，但是他感觉到他们没有花很多时间在室内。
tr	I	It didn 't mean a thing , and she probably treated dozens of guys like that every day .
tr	I	He halted when he saw how petrified Sabrina looked , but Anger oozed out of his pores like a sickness as Isaac stalked toward them .
tr	O	尼尔认为他应该被打动，但是他所感受到的只是苦涩。
tr	I	She held up her hand , stopping him , but Sebastian started to interrupt .
tr	I	Air raids could occur on any coastal city at any time and the US was at war .
tr	I	Grace followed with her heart aching , and Josh pulled into a parking spot .
tr	I	Isidore heard a sprinkling of handclaps , and the studio audience laughed .
tr	O	桌上的其他人看起来很惊讶，但是苏西看起来像一个黑手党老大点头表示赞同。
tr	O	风从未显得如此残酷，并且水边缘厚厚地覆盖着一层冰壳。
tr	I	His chainmail coif was rolled back around his neck and his helmet was at his feet .
tr	O	一股对他的爱意将我淹没，并且我扑进他怀里。
tr	I	That offered no refuge , and the only object near to her was the tangle of abandoned machinery on which she had landed .
tr	O	麦克斯知道米娅之所以同意陪他参加这类活动，只是因为他不得不去，但是她还是和他一起去了。
tr	O	杰克在她说话时咧嘴一笑，并且他靠在躺椅上，听她讲述她的一天。
tr	O	他不愿如此突然地离开他们，甚至来不及多作告别，但是他的下一个任务刻不容缓。
tr	I	None of them ever seemed to learn , but she seemed to play this game with them every few months .
tr	O	格雷推了推门把手，并且门开了一条缝。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且他的瞳孔也扩张了。
tr	I	Clay was tired of the sign language , and so far his receiver had not been needed .
tr	I	Some of the shops now poured their light into the narrow walkway , and torches were passing us , making a spitting sound as they flared .
tr	O	海军陆战队卫兵迅速带走了那名船员，并且他消失了。
tr	O	妈妈的脸红了，并且我准备好迎接又一轮言语攻击。
tr	I	Then pouring a cup of the piping black goodness and warming his hands for a moment .
tr	I	The Owyhee County Sheriff joined the effort and the community of Bruneau cooperated in the couple 's request .
tr	O	男人们总是被我的室友绊倒，但是她却不想和他们有任何瓜葛。
tr	O	土堆是空的，并且里面有大东西。
tr	O	我随后亲吻了她，并且她没有反抗。
tr	O	她内心的一部分知道那很愚蠢，但是她无法释怀。
tr	O	我松了一口气，因为黛拉似乎暂时摆脱了母亲缺席的困扰，但是我知道那只会是暂时的。
tr	I	We had come a long way since then and I remembered when she was afraid of me .
tr	O	我不能确定，但是它正好是一只乌鸦的大小。
tr	I	It was making his being respond with desire , and he could feel her soft body beneath his .
tr	I	It was starting to get dark when Gavin rushed at us and we 'd been searching for some time .
tr	O	帕奇拉动了铁环拉手，并且门朝我们打开。
tr	I	What could he do , but Ned didn 't look happy about it ?
tr	I	She would have felt wrong helping her , too , but she 'd felt terrible for hanging up on Spencer .
tr	I	There must have been about a thousand of us , probably more and several platoons had reached this trench .
tr	O	你不必独自完成这件事，并且你也不必在你来到他面前之前把事情做好。
tr	O	她本无意伤害他，但是她却那样做了。
tr	O	盖布等着他再说些什么，但是他没有。
tr	O	在过去的半小时里，一切都寂静无声。
tr	I	I asked the question anyway , but I knew what she was talking about .
tr	O	她闭上了眼睛，但是那只让情况变得更糟。
tr	I	I crashed the neck against the counter , shattering the top , and my hand grabbed for another bottle of whiskey .
tr	I	Soon she would enjoy an unparalleled view of it in all its glory and the black cloud that was covering the moon was very slowly moving eastwards .
tr	O	我没有撒谎说我迟到了，并且我很感激索菲亚没有问我为什么迟到。
tr	O	他的口音带有一丝异域风情，但是她却无法确定他的原籍国。
tr	I	Rhea eyed Kari with malevolence , and two more of the creatures crept his way .
tr	O	我的脸感觉发烫，并且我蜷缩起来，肩膀内弯。
tr	I	There is a friend there who runs one of the local inns , and Food may become a concern as well .
tr	I	I blew in her ear so I could hear them again and the sound of her giggles brought a smile to my face .
tr	I	His fingers bunched in her hair , forcing her mouth toward him and his eyes went hot .
tr	I	People still did it , but smoking was illegal .
tr	O	我擦掉了脸上恶心的唾液，并且有一些烧灼感，因为它进了我的眼睛。
tr	I	Steve drove the tip of his sword at my face , and I dropped back , startled .
tr	O	我的声音很严峻，那时雨下得更大了，并且我四处寻找可以用来固定他手臂的树苗。
tr	O	它反应不良，并且他打翻了储罐，从而引发了电气火灾。
tr	I	There were no other takers , but Margie reached for another cookie , then passed the plate .
tr	O	吕西安对她笑了笑，并且他得到了一个迟疑的笑容作为回应。
tr	O	我不知道他们在那里面做什么，但是听起来不自然！
tr	I	The night is too cold to wash them now , but my clothes are also dirty from travel .
tr	I	There was no way around it to reach them , and it covered almost a full acre .
tr	I	He wanted to kick himself in the ass , and her silence gave him time to think .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't stay , and I couldn 't find my slippers .
tr	O	另外两名警卫离开了，并且警长把步枪扛在了肩上。
tr	I	Johnny scrambled to his feet and a honk sounded outside .
tr	O	只有一人能赢，并且每个人都知道那会是谁。
tr	O	她之前的兴奋感已经消失了，并且她不喜欢不知道自己会卷入什么事。
tr	O	泰勒·德雷克是人类，但是他是一个非凡的人。
tr	O	他饿了——不，是饿极了，并且他全身都燃烧着尽情畅饮的渴望。
tr	O	她把贴纸贴在了所有文件夹上，并且她在学校的作业带回家时通常会贴满星星。
tr	I	His voice calling her name stopped her but she turned to go .
tr	I	She has trouble focusing and her eyes flutter open .
tr	O	那个男人穿着一件都市警察的蓝色Polo衫，看起来很不一样，但是他确信这就是那个骗了他的恶棍。
tr	O	你在这里不安全，并且我也无法让你保持安全。
tr	O	我的脚步踉跄，并且我的眉毛扬了起来。
tr	O	她握着的手用力一拉，并且普鲁放开了她。
tr	I	It wouldn 't last , but Ada had made herself physical again .
tr	I	I took the lead , and Michael nodded to me .
tr	I	She was taking them somewhere to murder them and wondering if all the loss had sent Imelda somehow insane !
tr	O	这看起来不太可能，但是这也不是他妹妹第一次让他感到惊讶了。
tr	O	我几分钟前打过电话，但是她没有接电话。
tr	I	I closed my eyes , wondering if he was going to suggest that we snuggle up , and our shoulders rubbed together .
tr	O	我的身体高度戒备，并且我的思想已经超负荷运转。
tr	O	我几乎是渴望地想起了本，他有他自己的问题，但是至少他没有戏剧性的烦恼。
tr	I	She hadn 't been married five minutes and already she was acting like a docile nitwit .
tr	I	We just have to figure out how to deal with them when they do , and Bad things happen .
tr	I	She didn 't have the experience that her friend had but she knew she wasn 't doing as good a job .
tr	I	He slams my body into his hips and Sean 's hands slip around my waist .
tr	I	Regretted it was not on her finger , and she held up the engagement ring dangling from the necklace .
tr	I	Within his mind , Anon sensed only calm ... but the air erupted with the child 's scream .
tr	O	克罗宁提出了指控，导致了队伍中的骚动，并且联合兄弟会的存亡岌岌可危。
tr	O	达芙妮的蓝眼睛闪烁着能量，并且她的脸颊泛红。
tr	I	I nearly wept with relief , and it was Jeff 's voice .
tr	O	我伸手去拿枪，但是一只温暖的手环住了我的手腕。
tr	I	I dug my fingernails into his neck in response , and he nipped at my neck with his teeth .
tr	I	We maneuvered our way outside and Jonah nodded his agreement .
tr	O	他有工作要做，并且他会做好。
tr	O	理智告诉他不要担心，但是他内心的神秘主义者感到不安。
tr	I	It had seen more use than most of the rest , and the room wasn 't large by the standards of the rest of the house .
tr	I	We have not booked a hotel and it 's now 7pm .
tr	I	I could only catch glimpses through the cracks in the blind but I 'd tried to peek in when I first moved there .
tr	I	Everything about this entire series of events is unimaginable to me and he feels so dangerous .
tr	O	玛丽安和蔼地笑了笑，但是西比尔摇了摇头，感到泪水刺痛着眼底，那些她现在拒绝流下的泪水。
tr	I	They certainly don 't get excited over cars , and girls that age aren 't thinking of driving .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do about it and you were lost in the midst of time .
tr	O	她讨厌自己如此情绪化，但是她无法控制。
tr	O	她说完那句话时偷瞄了我一眼，并且我能清楚地看到她眼中的希望。
tr	I	Selene deserves to die , and Because Porsche was my friend too .
tr	O	他搂住她的腰，并且她依偎在他的温柔怀抱中。
tr	I	They 'll hang themselves and give people enough rope .
tr	O	当丹·扬森看到那女人站起来时，他的目光随她抬高，并且当她美丽的蓝色目光与他相遇时，他屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	I felt a trickle of sweat run down my back , and the room was far too warm for my taste .
tr	I	I never let it be your fault , but giving birth to you wrecked me .
tr	O	有些东西让我的眼泪流了下来，但是我不能保证就是那个。
tr	I	He blinked , his eyes coming to rest on her face , and Jason 's head rocked backwards .
tr	I	The heavenly fire still burns within you , and your body is spent .
tr	O	Kiara检查了她的手机，但是通话没有中断。
tr	I	They were concepts I was definitely avoiding , but Arch nemeses may have been an exaggeration .
tr	O	我的妈妈，格蕾丝，在那里，并且我告诉了她我所看到的一切。
tr	I	She didn 't hear , but Jack continued speaking .
tr	I	They really don 't like spicy stuff , but it can be hard to dissuade a zombie from trying to gnaw on you .
tr	I	I didn 't know what real love was , and I thought she liked all the same things I did .
tr	I	The sheriff held the door for her and she turned to walk out .
tr	O	他的脖子没有被割开，并且他似乎在尸变前就被僵尸吃掉了。
tr	I	Her filly foal followed and she went in easily .
tr	O	穿过门的微光似乎是一种救赎，并且我急忙走向它。
tr	O	我们又讨论了一会儿细节，但是马克斯最终批准了明天中午的计划。
tr	I	I am worried and I 'm going out soon .
tr	I	His scowl wards off any further greetings from those who pass us , and he storms down the street .
tr	I	It was better than nothing , but that wasn 't much to go on .
tr	O	夜晚风吹灭了他们的火，并且他们在雨中挤在一起。
tr	I	Everything was quiet for a few seconds and the engine turned off .
tr	I	Then I figured there was no reason to know this stuff anyway , but for a moment I felt stupid .
tr	I	He thrust hard into her in response and her h * ps arched against him .
tr	O	我在人群中发现了一些熟悉的面孔，但是一看到我，他们就转过了头。
tr	I	There was nothing more to be done now , but he would not know the extent of his injury until the morning .
tr	I	It doesn 't usually result in anything , but you guys might have sex in public .
tr	I	When the woman nodded , she slid it back into her pocket with a shrug , and Nicole asked .
tr	O	他向她伸出手，并且她向他走去时，完全忘记了自己的包。
tr	I	If that didn 't do the trick she 'd revert to good old blackmail , and soon bargaining would follow .
tr	I	Its structural integrity remained perfectly intact , and no parts of the moon were hurled into space .
tr	O	只有少数人被允许进入村庄，并且那些享有特权的人被严密检查。
tr	O	我连续快速地拍了尽可能多的照片，并且接着我把手机掉到了地上。
tr	O	无论我做什么，他永远都不会满意，并且我想这只是我必须应对的事情。
tr	I	When Demetrius spoke of their actions , the atrocity of their deeds made Elizabeth sick to her stomach , but there was no changing the past .
tr	I	His face becomes pained and he looks to the door .
tr	I	The zoo had been an eye opener and there was so much more out there .
tr	O	艾迪也在里面，并且他看到我时差点把我撞倒。
tr	I	A cruise ship could be seen in the distance and the sands had a pink hue .
tr	O	几个小时过去了，并且我们接到消息时已是中午时分。
tr	I	In this case either choice feels selfish , but usually I would try to decide what the most selfless choice would be .
tr	O	他的脸因威胁而扭曲，并且他露出獠牙，狞笑着。
tr	O	妈妈说在特别艰难的事件之后有时会发生这种情况，并且我无法想象有什么比她去世更糟糕的事情了。
tr	I	She got on the phone , but she didn 't like it .
tr	O	然而，她悲伤的眼睛变得更加忧郁，并且我不希望任何人同情我。
tr	I	Her eyes widened and my mother froze .
tr	I	No words emerged but she opened her mouth to speak .
tr	O	他不敢相信她砰地关上门并且他能听到她呕吐的声音。
tr	O	摩城唱片公司即便还没有完全消亡，也已濒临死亡，但是底特律仍然是录制爵士乐的地方。
tr	O	安德鲁有一天加入了他们，并且安娜开始放松下来。
tr	O	你大错特错，并且他如此有罪。
tr	O	卡拉挂断了她那边的电话，并且安妮也照做了，然后放下了听筒，这样她就可以给自己泡杯花草茶了。
tr	I	Ashley 's eyes fell on me and a vampire guard towered over me .
tr	O	她本能地从他身边移开，但是他的腿阻止了她突如其来的动作。
tr	O	克莱尔只是不确定它里面有什么，并且她没有打开它去查明。
tr	O	他表示一个派对正在进行，并且我们会玩得很开心。
tr	O	归根结底我的同伴们仍然是人类弱者，但是至少他们不会像白化病患者身上的蜱虫一样引人注目。
tr	I	The words made no sense , but he attempted to speak .
tr	I	The city will destroy us , or I can 't fight him out .
tr	I	He was eighteen and his name was Seth .
tr	O	允许德雷克进入她的床可能不被认为是一个严重的错误，但是这也不是她最好的决定。
tr	O	一双冰凉的手臂环绕着我，让那景象消散，并且安德鲁轻柔的声音在我耳边。
tr	I	This was okay but I preferred to have her alone .
tr	I	He hoped his struggle added realism to the lies and the words came out in jagged pieces .
tr	O	我想象约瑟夫在这里，但是他站在离我远的地方，等待着。
tr	O	这个骗局已经开始失控，但是杰米确信仍有挽回的余地。
tr	I	Right now , she had other worries , but she wasn 't sure how he 'd done it .
tr	O	她轻轻地笑了，但是迪米特里能看出来她知道他是认真的。
tr	I	It 's not going to get better and she is going to become very ill .
tr	O	她不记得提及过他，而且仅仅听到他的名字就让她全身发热。
tr	O	他知道她会怎么做，并且慢慢地，她也开始知道了。
tr	O	* * * * * 在卧室里，科林把西比尔抱起来，并且他一边走向床，一边吻她。
tr	O	这可能是一个徒劳的希望，但是我需要知道，至少要请求他们给我样本进行测试。
tr	O	我去了乔治城医疗中心，并且他们说没有以那个名字注册的人。
tr	I	You have destroyed that and I 've always trusted you as no other .
tr	O	我有其他继承人，但是他将一无所有。
tr	I	Her body looked like it was blue and there was blood on her pillow .
tr	I	His target area was larger , making this shot considerably easier than the previous , and the vampire was only just raising himself from the ground .
tr	O	你已经对我了解太多了，而且我几乎对你一无所知。
tr	O	这让气氛轻松了一些，但是我仍然感到茫然。
tr	I	She rushes to me , and I pat my leg .
tr	O	壁炉里燃着熊熊的炉火，并且我能闻到燃烧木材的气味。
tr	O	我希望它远离我，并且它接着就照做了。
tr	I	It was better to get along with her if he could ... but true , they weren 't friends .
tr	O	理查德紧握着他的脉冲步枪，仿佛看不见的夜行动物和微弱无法辨别的声音戏弄着他疲惫的心神。
tr	O	这家餐厅对斗丽来说有点贵，但是里奥似乎根本没有注意到。
tr	O	迪恩还没有回家，但是莉拉在比赛后的第二天早上就回了。
tr	O	我知道那个图像是全息图，但是它看起来真实到可以走进去。
tr	O	他现在必须回家，并且我是唯一能带他回去的人。
tr	O	他的手指深深掐进她手臂柔软的肉里，并且他的嘴巴紧绷成一条严峻的直线。
tr	I	I cannot turn away , but I should leave now while there is no chance of being discovered .
tr	O	我说话时感到手机在震动，并且我皱着眉迅速地掏出了它。
tr	O	它的染料已经褪色了，但是它仍然是美国历史上一段引人注目的篇章，那面激励了国歌的旗帜。
tr	I	It took a moment for her to catch her breath , and she turned just in time to see Adriane step through her doorway .
tr	O	她走过来时我的下巴抽动了一下，并且我有点想对她发火，因为她有能力让我如此不适。
tr	I	It wasn 't closing yet , but he should 've been able to regenerate from the bite instantly .
tr	O	我拉了拉杰里科的胳膊，并且他把我护送到我们的桌子。
tr	O	我现在沉默不语，我的困惑每秒都在增长，但是我明白阿德里安是不会启发我的。
tr	O	他的手开始沿我的大腿向下移动，并且他的嘴唇离开了，直到只剩下他的舌头，舔舐着那两个小孔，直到血止住。
tr	I	Something resisted him , pressing him gently back into place , but he tried to move .
tr	O	那些男人仍然昏迷在走廊里，并且我们按下了右边的电梯。
tr	I	I saw it in his eyes , and he looked at me while he struggled with the Inquisitor .
tr	I	I 'd still been a little woozy , but I should 've paid more attention when Vlad carried me here last night .
tr	I	She didn 't scare me either , but she wasn 't friendly like Ula .
tr	I	I was about to turn back to myself when I caught movement a little way down the street and the SUVs were driving through the front gate .
tr	O	我崇拜你，并且我想要一个家。
tr	I	Neither reacted , but she shook her head .
tr	I	Owen never complained once but it was a romantic comedy .
tr	I	Then she would accept that we were over , and she said that she had one last thing to talk to me about .
tr	I	I am your master , but you are my creator .
tr	O	在夜幕降临后梅里尔把我请出他家之前，蕾妮要求见我，但是 我拒绝了。
tr	O	我妈妈住在弗林特，并且我们相处得不好。
tr	I	He makes me happy , and he stays .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I wanted to look back again just to make sure I had seen him correctly .
tr	I	The rest continued up but many were cut down .
tr	I	She didn 't stop , but her throat became sore .
tr	I	I would have gone with him to help and it would only have taken him ten minutes .
tr	O	这让我全身都感到肮脏，并且我希望我能逃跑。
tr	O	他回到了她身边，并且他因思念她而如此饥渴，以至于他试图将她整个吞下。
tr	I	Three rifle barrels butted against his chest , but Gray lunged forward .
tr	O	利亚姆对我眨了眨眼，并且我对他报以微笑，感谢他正在改变话题。
tr	O	另有他物正在说话，并且它要聪明得多。
tr	O	她的脸颊发烫了，并且她不得不强迫自己呼吸。
tr	O	他听起来如此无辜，或者至少他尝试了。
tr	O	她以最糟糕的方式背叛了我，并且我永远不会忘记。
tr	O	他拥有了她，并且他知道。
tr	O	瑞安·亨德里克斯是个养生狂，并且他把自己的身体当作神殿对待。
tr	I	Her euphoria faded a little and she looked up at him .
tr	I	The room around me began to blur like it had in the dream and I was spiraling quickly .
tr	I	Yet it burned , and it was dark .
tr	O	他的马甩了甩调皮的尾巴，并且她难以置信地摇了摇头。
tr	I	Ethan just scowled , but ' Sounds fun , ' I murmured .
tr	O	我的手触到她湿润的褶皱时，她叹了口气，并且我滑入了一根手指。
tr	I	We were getting lost in our performance and by ten thirty the crowd was big .
tr	I	Spirits may be kindled , and barriers may be broken .
tr	O	没有任何事情发生，但是本可以发生。
tr	I	My mother had taken everyone else inside and the fire department had just pulled away .
tr	I	If he 's truly gone , then what 's the point in bringing him up , but a small part of me wonders about him ?
tr	I	I 'm worried about how he 's going to react to it , but I know what I have to say .
tr	O	进展顺利，他说，但是他看起来很疲惫。
tr	O	他笑了，并且她轻笑了一声。
tr	O	显然她暴露了她的能力，并且他们迅速介入了。
tr	O	里面东西很少，但是他是个单身汉，所以还能指望什么呢？
tr	O	一个被诅咒的灵魂从墙里尖叫起来，父亲和我几乎没有眨眼。
tr	I	The creature remained motionless and a few minutes passed .
tr	I	A tall brick wall painted with graffiti waiting for me but the alley came to an abrupt end , nothing .
tr	I	They weren 't keen on letting her out -- and she felt like she was standing in front of a prison parole board .
tr	O	当我十七岁的时候一切都改变了，并且我把它全部藏在心里。
tr	I	He isn 't a man another man would ever want to cross , but he 's loyal to a fault .
tr	I	The world whirls around me , and I stagger to my feet .
tr	O	萨姆还在呼唤他，但是病患人群现在正带着她转过街角进入另一条走廊。
tr	O	狮子的呼吸加快了，并且他的心率正在加快。
tr	O	免下车窗口滑开了，并且一个女人看着我。
tr	I	I 'm telling the truth , but I know that sounds like I 'm giving you a line .
tr	I	It also sent a message , but it was an affectionate gesture .
tr	O	茱莉亚点了点头，并且那个女人轻轻地摸了摸它。
tr	O	软骨在接触时断裂了，并且鲜血倾泻到他的衬衫上，还有他的盘子上。
tr	I	I couldn 't shake the feeling I was on to something , but the holes in my theory deflated my enthusiasm .
tr	O	我注意到了我们附近顾客好奇的目光，而且我不想再引起更多的关注。
tr	O	她亲吻了他的额头，并且他动了动。
tr	O	他的故事是她听过的最独特的一个，而且如果可以颁奖的话，他肯定会获得大奖。
tr	I	I manage to swallow the tears away , but the mention of my mom nearly brings me to tears .
tr	O	我差点就想带着它跑掉，但是我不能。
tr	O	他觉得他的顿悟可能会被嘲笑，并且如果他暂时不把这个见解说出来，可能才是最好的。
tr	I	I think it came out pretty good , but I had to improvise on the salad a little bit .
tr	I	We were sisters of the heart , but we may be cousins by blood .
tr	I	It wasn 't making it any easier , and today I knew exactly where the creepy feelings came from .
tr	I	It had taken me dying for me to convert , but Evergreen had tried for two years to make me one .
tr	O	我不完全明白为什么我的拖鞋开始发光了，但是我的猜测是你给我发来了一个希望的信息。
tr	O	我知道那只是兴奋让她激动不已，但是这仍然让我担心到无法清醒过来。
tr	O	我认为做这件事的人和我们是一边的，但是我不敢对此发誓。
tr	I	They weren 't doing too badly , but there were more Assassins then they had anticipated .
tr	O	他的目光注视着她的目光，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	O	她那件紫色的短裙是喇叭状的，并且她穿了一件前面有三个大银扣的黑色皮胸衣。
tr	O	肖恩突然把她叫醒让噩梦消散了，但是安德烈亚无法停止颤抖，尽管她的皮肤因汗水而湿冷。
tr	O	接着他笑了，并且感觉很好。
tr	I	My brain wasn 't functioning well enough to come up with something more clever , but I sounded so boring to myself .
tr	I	The cars parked in the driveways were not exactly cheap , and all of them had expensive houses .
tr	O	当我意识到他说的话时，我的视线模糊了，但是我不能让自己流泪。
tr	I	Loyalty demanded he do so , but Sam nodded his head , reluctant to continue .
tr	I	I knew that grin , and Cameron 's grin changed .
tr	O	他会试图取你的性命，并且没有我的帮助，他可能会成功。
tr	O	那件事曾有一种诡异的愉悦感，但是那件事也确实、确实非常可怕。
tr	O	通常，即使他的强大武器也无法杀死一个不朽者，但是这是三月之夜。
tr	O	他们看起来像一个完美的家庭，但是我不相信完美。
tr	I	I cursed choosing them because they refused to move at the same pace as my pulse and my hands fell to my liquid leggings .
tr	O	他们的敌人太多了，并且许多野蛮人已经抵达了更近的海岸线。
tr	O	我十岁的时候，我的家乡被占领了，我们来到了这里，所以我记得它以前是什么样子。
tr	O	她可能拥有一种不可思议的新的内在力量，但是她迟钝的思维处理能力需要一些磨砺。
tr	O	我爱你，肖恩，但是我们才认识八个月。
tr	O	至少女皇的舱单现在已经安全锁好了，而且剩下要处理的就只有那个美国间谍了。
tr	O	火已经熄灭了，并且一个生物正站在中央。
tr	O	他笑了笑，但是声音里没有一丝暖意。
tr	O	我本该跑出我的办公室，但是我没有。
tr	I	She 'd left him anyway , but he 'd saved her once .
tr	I	Her words pull me back , but I 've been casting an eye around , looking for places to shoot later .
tr	I	She 'd fainted , and I 'd gotten carried away .
tr	I	She refused , but she was asked out by her co-workers often on Friday nights .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to argue with her .
tr	I	They keep wandering to my boobs but he is trying to keep his eyes trained on mine .
tr	I	He seemed a little sad , but An ' the little boy was as fair as a mornin ' sunrise .
tr	O	他的眼睛深蓝色，但是眼睛下面的阴影在灰光中呈现紫色。
tr	O	这是他们的飞镖之夜，并且尽管他妻子担心甲烷泄漏，他也不打算错过飞镖之夜。
tr	O	他走到一边，并且其他科学家向她微微鞠躬。
tr	O	邦妮的心提到了嗓子眼，并且她感到脸颊发红。
tr	O	我大约五英尺六英寸高，并且山姆比我高大约三英寸。
tr	I	Sleep eluded me and I was awake .
tr	I	He had nothing at all to take to the Standing Committee , and Niu 's cooperation with the Americans would be impossible .
tr	I	Max made himself a White Russian , and I had a glass of wine .
tr	O	他之所以能做到，是因为他知道她有些特别之处，并且他不想做任何事情来危及他们萌芽的关系。
tr	O	显然她说过些什么，但是那些话语已湮没在历史中。
tr	O	我开始有点怀疑自己面对那些问题，但是我坚持了自己的立场。
tr	O	他的眼中有什么东西让我想起了恐慌，但是它更加内敛。
tr	I	The prosecution never called him to the stand , but Greg was on the list to testify against her .
tr	O	到他第三次挺进时，疼痛就消失了，并且快乐开始流遍我的全身。
tr	I	A whole lot disturbed to hear him say that , and I gasped , sickened , saddened .
tr	I	Alice could not help feeling that a wall seemed to have risen between them , and Arlen had barely spoken since it happened .
tr	O	我比他预期的要快，并且我让他措手不及，再次将他击倒在地。
tr	O	我考虑过争辩，但是无法否认我的疲惫。
tr	I	She just shrugged , but I looked at Willow .
tr	O	她的美貌就像妈妈的一样过分，但是她比妈妈稍微逊色一点。
tr	O	她的头痛苦地向后仰着，并且一声长嚎从她唇间逸出。
tr	I	He ignored it , but Minho was terrified .
tr	O	她无话可说，并且他们仁慈地让她一个人待着。
tr	I	I thought I could keep you safe on my own , but I knew it wasn 't random violence .
tr	I	It only made Connie feel worse and attempting to lighten up the situation with humor didn 't work , since Olivia didn 't understand .
tr	O	如果你没有进一步的消息，最糟糕的事情已经发生并且我去找她了。
tr	O	我花了一点时间才明白那个下流的笑话，但是当它击中我时，我拍了他的胸口。
tr	O	这种感觉令人迷失方向，就像头朝下坠向地面一样，并且尖刺迅速逼近。
tr	I	The urgency of the moment prevented smiling , but he would have smiled at their silliness .
tr	I	She had agreed to rent it to me and one of the actresses in Jackpot kept a small apartment in Beverly Hills .
tr	I	I wonder if he 's married , and it 's on his ring finger , too .
tr	I	It was Joan who answered but the three looked at each other .
tr	I	She was smiling and Maggie had finally stopped crying .
tr	O	他离她不到一英尺远，并且莱西不得不向后仰头才能向上看他。
tr	O	地面略微有些向下倾斜，但是大部分是平坦的。
tr	I	A ray of light seeping through one of the floorboards but when I bend down I discover that it is not paper after all .
tr	I	I ran out the door after her , but I couldn 't explain what came over me .
tr	O	他是个迷人的家伙，但是很明显他境况不佳。
tr	I	She forced a brave smile , but tears pricked Sarah 's eyes .
tr	I	Time was short and the priest was all he had to work with .
tr	O	他的眼睛眯了起来，并且他看起来很不高兴。
tr	O	院子里的尖叫声越来越大，但是另一种声音盖过了下方那些可怕的声音。
tr	I	Then Will is fighting back , and Elliott 's fist connects once .
tr	I	He stepped off , still kissing me , as he strode to his beautiful bed and the elevator stopped .
tr	I	I wasn 't planning on you getting shot in the process , but it worked surprisingly well .
tr	O	我看着手中的牌，并且我强忍住笑容。
tr	I	He couldn 't deny he was glad to see her after the weekend apart , but she was a damn pushy woman .
tr	O	一声尖叫划破长空，并且约翰可以被看见他因突如其来的剧痛而猛地一抽。
tr	O	那个家伙没有骗我把我带到第三分局，但是他欺骗了我关于其他所有事情。
tr	I	That wouldn 't bother anyone here , but maybe their haircuts weren 't cutting edge .
tr	O	他笑了，并且他的性感嘴唇张开，而他的眼睛继续注视着她的眼睛。
tr	O	她是个麻烦，并且我不想让布林看到凯莉能做出什么来，因为那不适合胆小的人。
tr	O	我看到了一些圆筒，但是它们都看起来是空的。
tr	I	I forced myself not to cringe from her scrutiny and her eyes flitted over me from head to toe .
tr	O	科尔很庆幸他能通过后视镜观察情况，并且他注意到萨凡纳不止一次地捕捉到他的目光。
tr	I	Everyone ended up singing and on the road the mood lightened .
tr	O	盖博知道他去追究这个问题很蠢，但是他大概反正也听不到汉娜的下文了。
tr	O	他总是带着一群其他老师一起出行，并且我从未见过学生走近他。
tr	I	I did not know why , and I 'd angered them .
tr	O	也许更像个垃圾场，但是我没打算纠缠。
tr	I	Her knee goes still , and she finally looks at me .
tr	O	他的牙齿紧咬着，并且他的下巴也绷紧了。
tr	I	The hardness around his mouth is slowly starting to soften , but Dax looks like he wants to strangle me .
tr	I	She began to speak and at last he heard her laugh slightly .
tr	I	His breathing deepened and his eyes darkened .
tr	O	奥斯卡为他拉开了一把椅子，并且弗朗兹坐了下来。
tr	O	其他女孩开始对我投来异样的目光，但是我并没有真的在意。
tr	O	安索尼亚的脸看起来和以前一样害怕，但是真正让我警觉的是茉莉的。
tr	I	If so , gossip would spread all over the place , and she was worried that Cassie might 've talked you into doing something like that .
tr	I	That didn 't explain why he was here , but he was definitely under a compulsion .
tr	I	No one else seemed bothered , but my hackles slightly rose .
tr	O	他再也看不到她的脸了，但是他同样喜欢看她的背影。
tr	O	我不知道该对此说什么，但是我拨开了我的黑发。
tr	I	I found myself completely unnerved , but it was only a cat that had run across the road .
tr	I	Her heart bled for him , and Maddie knew exactly how that felt .
tr	I	We are in our positions , and the line comes to a halt .
tr	O	迪伦不想被提醒那件事，并且他也不想因为他的决定而被质疑。
tr	O	他们试图劝他清醒过来，带他回家，但是漫长得仿佛世代交替之后，他们停止了到来。
tr	I	He greatly anticipated the returning cold of winter and Summer was dwindling .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist , but I wasn 't sure if I should be talking to Brandon like this .
tr	O	内特昨晚阻止了我离开，但是我差不多准备好了要走。
tr	O	它们被创造出来是作为我们的朋友，并且当它们完成了它们的工作时，它们就被召回了家。
tr	I	I read the cards for her and we went into the other room .
tr	I	I can 't help it , but I know I shouldn 't say it .
tr	I	Sleep was too far away , but he wanted to shut out the thoughts swirling through his head .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell where but it was coming from somewhere .
tr	I	I 've never heard his voice so excited , and he had a huge smile on his face .
tr	O	他的签名不在任何文件上，并且那些做出决策的人主要是他手下的高管。
tr	I	It took a few minutes for their eyes to adjust to the lack of light , and it was dark inside .
tr	I	Set off in the direction she had waved to , and I say thank you quietly to the woman , not wishing to disturb her again .
tr	I	The autopilot slammed on the breaks , and ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ The cruiser rounded a curve .
tr	I	He was miserable all summer , and you broke Link 's heart .
tr	I	We weren 't any closer to stopping the true threat , and my dad had been right .
tr	I	He 'd enjoy it , and he 'd prosecute me .
tr	I	You 'll have to suck it up , since fuss over you I will , but you evidently find being fussed over an alien concept .
tr	I	I already felt closer to her than anyone in my life and I had only known her a few hours .
tr	I	The way April holds herself , no one would think she is from anywhere but the city , but her dress is a dirty , torn mess .
tr	O	树木为了制作这些表格而死去，并且那在我看来是个巨大的遗憾。
tr	I	As Gloria 's shoulders shook beneath her arms , she felt a renewed determination , but Jane wasn 't prepared for the embrace that accompanied those words .
tr	O	我不为此感到骄傲，但是我无法抹去我的过去。
tr	O	通常我们不杀人，因为杀人会引人注目，并且我们不需要通过杀戮来生存。
tr	O	当我们交谈时，他看着我的眼睛，仿佛我是派对上唯一的女孩，并且他对我所有的笑话都咧嘴笑了。
tr	O	戴蒙的手紧紧握住我的，并且他把我拉到他身边。
tr	O	激情再次燃起，并且萨宾忘记了警告。
tr	I	It was different to actually hear it but I already knew that he was gone .
tr	I	I ached to feel her beneath me , and she shuddered .
tr	O	我澄清，但是她只是点头。
tr	O	她的衬衫撕破了，露出一只乳房，并且她在我耳边说着一切都会好起来时点燃了我。
tr	I	Really he is great man , but I am sorry for spit .
tr	I	Already she had a following and she 'd been in Beaufort for little over 48 hours .
tr	O	我为此大声哼了一声，并且托马斯笑了。
tr	I	Then again , he was three-quarters rocker , but not the usual kind of rip for an Incubus .
tr	I	It 's actually really cute , and it was rented furnished .
tr	I	She 'd come back with three brand-new accounts and it 'd been her turn the day before .
tr	O	我一直在追查毒药的来源，并且我已经追踪到夏威夷这里的一家工厂。
tr	O	灰尘团粘在每个角落，并且蜘蛛网挂在古董水晶吊灯上。
tr	O	倒不是说他指望找到任何熟悉的东西，但是即使思想也有地标。
tr	O	我没有料到会有访客，但是很可能是玛丽亚，她刚从镇上回来。
tr	I	You don 't keep track of human deaths , and she was only human .
tr	I	She looks younger by far and she 's a bit younger than Daddy .
tr	O	耀眼的翠绿色只偶尔被突出的岩石打破，并且它的美丽让我惊叹。
tr	I	He sat here on the end and Bickel was in number-one spot , then Prue , then Flattery - .
tr	O	我胃里一阵翻腾，并且我冲向宅邸后方的云石阳台。
tr	O	她踢的力道把我向后推，但是我没有试图阻止我落地。
tr	I	His hand on her neck held her securely down , but she pressed her hands to the carpet to gain some leverage .
tr	I	He had to - Temptation , and the temptation was too much .
tr	O	他为克拉拉的服务付了丰厚的报酬，但是他在她脸上看到的表情让他怀疑她现在是否期待一大笔奖金。
tr	O	他把它捡起来，并且重量很熟悉。
tr	O	那些话语在她脑海中飘过，并且她放松了。
tr	I	The floor was thumping and the music was blaring .
tr	O	他的眼睛瞪大了，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	O	现在还为时过早，并且他们还没有组织起来。
tr	O	他的理智告诉他要放弃，但是他的直觉告诉他要前行。
tr	O	他可以随便说这些敌人是我们保持警惕的原因，但是我确信事情远不止于此。
tr	O	我们面前有如此美好的生活，并且我迫不及待地想去迎接它。
tr	O	我点了点头，并且随后一种令人窒息的感觉向我袭来。
tr	I	Jeff Smith had been an unsuspecting sacrifice , and the vampire had known they would come .
tr	I	Her mouth turned upward into a smile , and when I pulled away , her eyes opened slowly .
tr	O	她摇了摇头，试图清醒过来，但是颅骨中放射出的疼痛让她难以思考。
tr	I	Ash gave me a reassuring smile , and I shrank back against the trunk .
tr	O	坤笑了，并且博科感觉自己又回到了童年。
tr	O	我没有看到迈克尔，但是我确实看到了安布尔。
tr	I	Most people believed it was only a matter of time , but it hadn 't happened yet .
tr	O	这不是全部真相，但是尼尔不知道如何表达他剩下的顾虑。
tr	I	They were arresting them because they used magic in self-defense , but Rif had possibly killed Big Darius .
tr	O	泪水开始模糊我的视线，但是我不会让它们落下。
tr	O	托尼脚下的世界倾斜了，并且他摇了摇头试图清醒，准备进行毁灭性的反驳。
tr	O	这一天的剩余时间将是自由时间，并且他们将在明天一大早前往“挖掘地点”。
tr	O	我试图从门口拍张照片，但是它在我有机会之前就跑掉了。
tr	O	他现在别无选择，只能跟着她去她所引领的地方。
tr	O	我没想过她会挣断绳子，但是我以前也低估过别人。
tr	O	佐伊跑到了那个地方，但是他们已经走了。
tr	O	她早上不再过来喝茶了，并且我知道原因。
tr	O	一个把我带了出去，并且三个跟在我身后。
tr	O	那对他来说有点打击自尊，但是乔什认为那只会带来好处。
tr	O	雷金纳德爵士在伦敦，并且我去看他，那天晚上，在审判期间。
tr	I	They stayed put with a satisfying click and he folded the wings of the bow back .
tr	I	He shoulders the bulky bag easily , and she pretends to struggle with it .
tr	O	当她挥动它时，那些黑色图案吸引了她的目光，并且她失去了动力。
tr	O	你告诉我，并且我就会去做。
tr	I	The fabric ripped across her left shoulder and the buttons popped .
tr	I	She threw her arms around my neck and a sob broke free from her chest .
tr	I	I sat down while he pushed it back in and Marcus pulled out a chair for me .
tr	O	她用手指在顶部划过，并且灯光就消失了。
tr	O	车子一片狼藉，而且它显然不可能匆忙开走。
tr	O	她能在几秒钟内完成这两件事，而且他的两个方面都非常吸引人。
tr	O	刘易斯去了特丽的家看她，但是她不在那里。
tr	I	It hung in pieces from the handles , and he 'd ripped apart my duffel bag .
tr	O	他要求她信任他，并且她知道她确实信任他。
tr	I	It left something out , but the answer was yes .
tr	O	我本会很高兴有他作伴，但是我更高兴能独享瑞安。
tr	I	I shook my head and he grinned at me .
tr	I	You won 't , but once I get there , I 'll have some reasonable cover .
tr	O	政治家可能最常被人看到，但是暗影观察者很危险，因为似乎没有人能看到他，直到为时已晚。
tr	O	她什么也没等，并且她脱掉了衣服。
tr	I	Then she was gone , and she waved at me .
tr	I	He wasn 't using the crutches and he was able to put pressure on it .
tr	O	我告诉他我是一个变形者，而且他连眼睛都没眨一下。
tr	O	她的目光落在某人身上，并且她皱起了眉头。
tr	O	这些话让萨姆吃吃地笑了，并且莫蒂默注意到格兰特在她从他手臂旁探头时投向她的怒视。
tr	I	Instead , I did it , but he told me to send First Shipper Devyn .
tr	I	I do know it will happen but Truth is , I don 't know exactly how it will happen .
tr	I	The view of the ocean is stunning and this morning , the storm has cleared .
tr	I	Gibbons was gone and the phone clicked .
tr	O	今晚他们在一个城里最好的餐馆吃饭，但是她却几乎无法专注于摆在她面前的美味食物。
tr	I	Everyone knows it and Emily 's his .
tr	I	It was magical , and they were together the whole night .
tr	I	He returned it and a smile jumped to her lips .
tr	I	Margaret especially was a rock , and his parents were very gracious .
tr	I	They 'd meet there several days a week and at least running the dance school should keep her occupied most of the time .
tr	I	Men are alert , and Guards are posted .
tr	O	我试图吸入空气，但是却什么也吸不到。
tr	I	Dark circles under her eyes marred her perfection , and she looked as if she 'd been crying .
tr	O	我把戒指戴在你手上，并且你经过多年的折磨后成为了我的。
tr	I	It didn 't come , but I prayed for the numb bliss of unconsciousness .
tr	I	The closest streetlights were likely kilometres away , and there were no city lights out here .
tr	O	他知道这会让我很难过，但是我告诉他没关系。
tr	I	We 'd have a great time together , and tomorrow , I 'd have lunch with Preston .
tr	O	我把雪球扔向他，并且它砸到了他的脸上。
tr	O	这似乎是如此不恰当的话，但是她对他没有其他话可说。
tr	O	她拿起背包，并且把它甩到肩上。
tr	I	The pain had been overwhelming , and she had almost lost Jason today .
tr	O	我不想承认，但是我以为旺达是对的。
tr	O	我告诉他那件事，并且他变得很尴尬。
tr	I	The offer was nice , but I wasn 't hungry .
tr	O	这感觉超现实，并且我只是呆呆地盯着他看了好一会儿。
tr	I	Through the thick tights she wore under her mini and the bite of November wind ripped up her skirt .
tr	I	Sibyl 's eyes sent icicles shafting toward her mother and Colin cursed eloquently under his breath .
tr	O	我原以为他会放下我，但是不，他紧紧地抱住了我。
tr	O	我面对他，并且鼓起勇气。
tr	O	他们窃窃私语，并且潘多拉转身看向他们。
tr	O	我想呼唤他们，但是我知道我不能。
tr	I	I knew she was speaking the truth , but I could feel her hurt .
tr	I	The black man eyed me with a new curiosity , and the kid 's energy level lifted .
tr	I	He 'll be back any moment , but he isn 't here .
tr	I	Emily wondered what had really been the point of the evening and Tom didn 't say much on the ride back .
tr	I	They walked into the building together and he opened the door for her , then took her hand .
tr	I	I see my face for the first time in over seven months , and my body fills in in the mirror .
tr	I	My gut is telling me something is going on , but you could be right , maybe its kids .
tr	I	Abby gave a sigh as if deep down she knew it , and Joe Solomon wasn 't going to be dared into doing anything .
tr	I	This was never going to work between us or I raised an eyebrow , knowing I had to put my foot down now .
tr	O	这段对话让我非常不舒服，并且我希望它停止。
tr	O	我们在幽暗中听到奇怪的声音，就像有其他船只在附近，但是他们不回应我们的呼唤。
tr	I	I still hadn 't found anyone and two hours went by so fast .
tr	O	也许有一天他会想让我靠近他，但是暂时，我必须尊重他的意愿。
tr	I	She stayed conscious , but Kira thought she 'd pass out from the pain , which would have been a welcome respite .
tr	I	Her breathing evened out as he stroked her back , and she made a disgruntled noise as he jostled her , then relaxed again .
tr	I	His blood began to cool , and the pain began to recede .
tr	I	It was just something that I had never seen before , but I tried my best not to stare at the non-Western clothing .
tr	I	Dream Vacations was my future , but Logan had the better body .
tr	O	恶魔消失了，并且路上沸腾了起来。
tr	O	当你对这些事情没有经验时，你永远搞不清状况，但是 我希望它会带来一些伟大的东西。
tr	I	I become someone to eliminate and add a few more hundred .
tr	O	你们得原谅我，但是 我不确定你们中任何一个人知道多少。
tr	O	医生转过身，并且 父亲被迫用男孩的拐杖劈开他的头骨。
tr	I	I 'll feel better knowing you have it , but I know you don 't really need luck .
tr	I	Some other time was , but some other place might not be an option .
tr	O	几个月前，我本会因他的迟到而震惊，但是 我正在慢慢习惯它。
tr	I	It was long enough for Dufresne to quickly strap his hands behind his back with plastic binders , but the bag disoriented him for only a second .
tr	O	我害怕他可能在家，并且 我害怕我可能会见到他。
tr	I	My mind raced , but my head pounded .
tr	O	她说，并且 我能感觉到她微笑时脸颊在我胸口上的隆起。
tr	O	一个小小的破绽，但是 仍然是我们正在玩的这个言语游戏中的一个破绽。
tr	I	You take whatever advantage of it you can and the power of the government is insidious .
tr	I	I can only imagine it 's because Aedan placed compulsion , and Adele , his mother , is already in another relationship .
tr	I	He was going to get well and Sam was going to listen to her .
tr	I	Knives had glinted and guns had flashed .
tr	O	她放开了我的手，并且 他喊叫时我把手举向了他。
tr	O	这个地方像个鬼城，并且除了我们，这里没人。
tr	O	我抬起头，并且迎上了首领的目光。
tr	O	很明显可以看出在阴影之地谁掌握着真正的权力，并且肯定不是德里克他父亲。
tr	I	She was terrified and Sweat dripped down her back .
tr	O	他打开两扇门，并且我轻松地走过去聊天。
tr	O	我吓了一跳，但是他没有。
tr	I	She returned to the bedroom and when the faintest hint of light began to brush the horizon , they kissed good night .
tr	I	We 're both terrified , and Soleil comes over .
tr	I	She hardly noticed , but it was raining .
tr	O	杰斯踉跄后退，但是他没有受伤。
tr	O	爪子乱抓着，并且牙齿撕咬着猎人。
tr	I	Elena could finally go home and it 's been two hours since the rain stopped .
tr	I	She wasn 't unattractive either , but she wasn 't overly attractive .
tr	I	There was an edge to it I 'd never heard before , but her voice was brisk .
tr	O	恍然大悟，并且我点了点头。
tr	O	她只明白他正在发布命令，并且她一点也不喜欢那样。
tr	I	He couldn 't save me anymore , and his life had revolved around saving my life for three whole years .
tr	O	我很难睁开眼睛，并且我摔回灌木丛中，背部着地，落在潮湿的泥土上。
tr	O	她突然变得有些苍白，但是她设法掩饰住了。
tr	I	This was as fast as they could throw lightning down upon us , and one white-hot bolt after another , as if the clouds were screaming .
tr	O	他本应置身于烈火地狱中，但是他反而充满了喜悦。
tr	I	Since Callie 's wedding in Newport she 'd loved the idea of one outside , but at one time she 'd dreamed of a big church wedding .
tr	O	他的眼睛似乎带着猩红的光芒，并且他的脸变得凹陷，线条紧绷地拉伸在上面。
tr	O	当她认为他需要她时，她毫不犹豫地进来了，并且她做了他最喜欢的早餐。
tr	O	让一群人围着报纸漫画版，而且你可能会以为你在参加一场笑声盛宴。
tr	I	Just as it left my hand I saw Hailey hit the crack on the sidewalk and I threw the ball to Cooper .
tr	O	我想他是对的，但是我开车快点仍然会觉得更安全。
tr	I	He moved one hand to slide his fingers lightly over Ty 's lips , and the corner of Zane 's mouth curled up into a half-smile .
tr	I	Dan had a sense that he did not belong , but the Macey parlor was comfortable enough .
tr	O	我听不清他们隔着音乐在说什么，但是我知道那个对话里没有我的空间。
tr	I	His body convulsed against mine but I couldn 't take much .
tr	I	It could be worrying Chloe , but Max didn 't give a hoot how scandalous an affair between them might be .
tr	I	I was too scared to move even an inch , but my limbs felt numb .
tr	I	I suppose the coat might have been deceptive , but I thought it had been obvious right away .
tr	I	Then he stopped fighting , and when I said this he laughed .
tr	I	Beast stops me , but I start to tell the groom to saddle fresh horses .
tr	I	He used it to heal his shoulder and Fredrick had brought one when they had breakfast in the Hollow .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember the last time , but this wasn 't the first time Duncan had seen her cry .
tr	O	有如此多的后院泳池，并且每年都有幼儿溺水的案例。
tr	I	She knew that would soon pass , but Mr. Ward had been stunned .
tr	I	His fingers were squeezing the bag handle , but Kevin 's voice didn 't give anything away .
tr	O	她的目光坚定，但是她的声音却是钢铁般的。
tr	O	它们似乎都是未解决的问题，并且它们都在页面的顶部用红色写着一个名字。
tr	I	He knew Kristen well enough to know she could keep going no matter how long it took and Cody , however , was closing in .
tr	I	This was way out of my expertise , but I didn 't want to be rude .
tr	I	Then her expression changed from terrified to blank , but she opened her mouth , probably to scream .
tr	I	His dark black hair was just beginning to go gray at the edges , and he was tall with sort of rugged features .
tr	O	他的世界无法与凡人的世界完美契合，并且他也永远无法背弃自己的本性。
tr	O	那儿只剩一位剑士与她一同活着，并且他被那波涌来的僵尸击倒了。
tr	I	They didn 't think about them as prices kept creeping upward , but Americans complained about the higher prices .
tr	O	她因我冰冷的手指触碰而僵硬了，并且我露出了得意的笑容。
tr	I	Even so , I can tell she 's blushing furiously , but the girl 's face is almost entirely covered in shadows .
tr	O	亚瑟在她没有到场时关切地看着她，但是她只是耸了耸肩。
tr	I	I didn 't think it was quite right , but she picked a teal .
tr	O	Zo 选择了香蕉奶油派，并且 Claire 品尝了纽约芝士蛋糕。
tr	O	我抱起了双臂，并且他站了起来。
tr	I	He gave a series of guest lectures that everybody liked but he 's a Greek guy that wasn 't a professor .
tr	O	她的嘴唇贴在我的耳垂上，并且我本能地把自己甩到了床的另一边。
tr	I	She thought she meant more to him than that , but she had no desire to ever get back together with him .
tr	I	I guess Gray found out about it and she had a car accident last night .
tr	I	Ethan stepped away from an open door , and they reached the end of a hallway .
tr	O	她的手颤抖着，并且她把手从开着的门边挪开，眼睛盯着外面展开的场景。
tr	O	她的朋友们尽力为她创造了一些美好的东西，并且这几乎让她感动得流泪。
tr	I	In my professional life , I had no time for extracurriculars , but I had signed up for the self-defense class .
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我告诉他不要重蹈覆辙。
tr	I	An uncomfortable silence fills the space between us and my mouth is agape .
tr	I	Merrick as well , but it all made so much sense now ... not just the girl child .
tr	I	With every ring , she grew more agitated and it rang four times .
tr	O	她没有抬头看，但是随着金属针的咔嗒声继续，嗡嗡声停止了。
tr	I	She smiles and she can see the hesitation in my face .
tr	I	Eleanor was always efficient , but he didn 't know how she had accomplished it in so short a time .
tr	I	She gripped my hand as I stood next to her and mom 's face fell .
tr	I	Then he hit himself on the jaw , and there was a distant look in his eyes for a moment .
tr	I	Eliot knew that the student admired him more than he deserved , but he was less than ten years younger than Eliot .
tr	I	I can hear a thread of uncertainty in his tone , but Weber 's voice is careful .
tr	O	我们回到了沙发上，并且她又躺下，拿着水瓶。
tr	I	He didn 't try to hide where his attention was , and as our eyes met , he didn 't look away .
tr	O	午饭时间很快就到了，但是/然而我没有胃口。
tr	I	I held fragments of it behind my closed eyes , but the dream was gone .
tr	I	She rolled it down slowly and I knocked on the window .
tr	I	As I did , I heard the gun drop from out of the back of my pants , but I went to back away from Rick .
tr	I	In mere seconds someone else had found another button , and the rectangular cliff wasn 't very large , though .
tr	I	He didn 't know if he could , but he wanted to take comfort in them .
tr	I	I 'm aware of their presence , but I 'm not allowed to approach the alien life .
tr	I	Claire resisted the urge to embrace him for his impeccable timing , and the waiter chose that moment to approach with his pad open .
tr	I	Maybe the time crunch was more important than autographs right now , but Neil thought maybe one would linger long enough to distract Riko .
tr	I	The sky was clear , and the night was warm .
tr	O	我以一种奇怪而不可原谅的方式，感受到了祖母对我的亚洲人眼睛和总是披在肩上的乌黑秀发的不适。
tr	O	也许她的父亲因为把他们撮合在一起而活该，但是她不认为巴迪会特别高兴。
tr	I	I have no idea where I am , and I am stuck in this castle .
tr	O	电话响了，而且夏天接了起来。
tr	O	伦顿强调还有人会死去，并且受害者和凶手都可能在名单上。
tr	O	电话又响了，但是她没有接。
tr	O	矛盾的情绪困扰着她，但是她像冬日来访者裹上厚外套一样，将自己裹进了这些情绪中。
tr	O	那人消失在了其他房间之一，但是丹尼尔并不在意他要做什么。
tr	O	他尝试使用咒语，但是它失败了。
tr	I	The corset underneath could not be laced tight at all , and the fastenings at the back gave her some trouble .
tr	I	She saw her face , and something clicked into place .
tr	O	她不想知道更多细节，并且她试图回到房子里。
tr	I	I have questions for you , but I was told you 'd try to distract me .
tr	O	除了米沙，没有人给我送过礼物，并且我并不是真的喜欢收到它们。
tr	O	如果他试图把她变成吸血鬼，她将无法挺过这个转变，但是他可以把她变成食尸鬼。
tr	I	He could tell she was crying , but she didn 't look back at him .
tr	O	这对技术员来说太多了，并且他伸手去拿电话。
tr	I	I 'm sure they 're not coming from just the old lady , and I need to track down the psychic disturbances .
tr	I	She licked his hand , and he ruffled her fur gently .
tr	I	The Holy Ghost will arise in us and we shall love the Father as He does .
tr	O	一个顽皮的笑容点亮了他蓝色的眼睛，并且我们倒回了床上。
tr	O	天气改变工作时间表对他来说并不罕见，但是通常有数万美元的罚款处于风险之中。
tr	I	I shuddered and the footsteps of my neighbors boomed against my ears .
tr	O	我的手掌触碰到了一堵墙，并且我突然停了下来。
tr	I	You 're out of here , and just one more minute smiling .
tr	O	我听到走廊里有跑步声，并且一个医疗包掉在我头旁边。
tr	I	It would be wrong to take it , but from the looks of her , the owner might not need the money as much as I did .
tr	O	我没想到我们之间会有这件事，但是我想要它。
tr	I	You 're going to the performance at the Strand and you 're going to a nice dinner with Alex .
tr	O	进行了测量，并且选择了材料。
tr	I	Tammy was left mystified by what Fletcher wanted to win in the end and the photographer called out for them to oblige him with some action poses .
tr	I	She gritted her teeth , and Chase 's pace increased .
tr	I	He did fall , and this time he was solid .
tr	I	They 're close and they 're headlights .
tr	O	那不是韦德，但是士兵已经死了。
tr	I	He circled the base , gripping tight and his fingers bumped into his rigid flesh .
tr	O	她的球杆咔嚓一声，并且她将球击入袋中。
tr	O	她脸红了，并且她的针又开始动了，虽然不如以前那么顺畅。
tr	O	担忧充满了她，并且沮丧啃噬着她的内心。
tr	O	他没有比我领先太远，但是他很快。
tr	I	Dane starts separating the meat from the bones just like he did last night , and the lizards are cooked .
tr	O	我能感觉到他皮肤散发的热量，但是他还没有近到可以触碰的程度。
tr	I	They are sending a much stronger version today , and she has contacted the pharmaceutical company that manufacturers the chemical .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to give him any slack , but I could see that the kid was getting edgy .
tr	I	He told me he was concerned about the man and they got into a thing a while back .
tr	I	I was sure that no matter how long I lived , no man would ever give me five thousand carnations again , but I had no idea .
tr	O	关节在巨人体内爆裂开来，并且他被再次推开时几乎要摔倒。
tr	O	他的手臂环住我的腰，将我紧紧锁在他身上，并且我更深地依偎进去。
tr	I	Whatever it was , it was lovely , but she was one of those people who could have been just about any race .
tr	I	The vision has left me drained , and it 's so late .
tr	O	那些过渡足够安静，但是她捂住头以避免听到那些低声的对话。
tr	O	那通常会让他眼角出现笑纹的笑容消失了，并且没有了它他看起来很凶。
tr	I	If he didn 't live there it couldn 't be searched , and the warrant in his pocket was for the home of Edwin Murphy .
tr	I	I was not going to give it to her and she didn 't deserve one second of my time .
tr	I	Touching the stone wasn 't painful anymore , and the wall had cooled down under the rain .
tr	I	He doesn 't get a say in this , but I love him .
tr	I	I get lost in the light , but I let out a scream .
tr	I	Eve jerked her head away , but he moved to kiss her .
tr	O	迈克尔没有回答，但是他那容光焕发的脸似乎替他做了回答。
tr	I	I took a step toward her without even realizing what I was doing and she stepped into the room completely .
tr	O	两者之间的区别在于我实际上不会操作平地机，并且要数年之后我才能做到。
tr	O	我想摸他的头发，握他的手，但是我知道他不会让我。
tr	O	他按了播放键，并且我们默默等待着。
tr	O	橱柜上方的钟显示时间还很早，而且我很想爬回床上睡觉。
tr	I	Lumps of ceiling came crashing down , and then another explosion rocked the laboratory .
tr	O	我能感受到他忏悔的重压，并且这让我感到害怕。
tr	I	I was still nervous , but there didn 't seem to be anybody in sight .
tr	O	这让伊利亚很惊讶，但是他有他的命令。
tr	I	A job would be a Godsend in so many ways , but Autumn thought for a moment .
tr	I	The pressure eased , and I choked out .
tr	O	历史得到了保留，但是现代便利设施也已增加。
tr	O	她在门口挣脱了，并且我们没能抓住她。
tr	I	He seemed taken aback and the plastic bottle flexed in the man 's hand .
tr	I	I might never have seen her and the woman could have lived there for the past six years .
tr	I	He held on as long as he possibly could , but his lungs burned for oxygen .
tr	I	I watched Lilla for any sign of emotion , and my chin tilted to the side .
tr	O	原有的家具没有一件留在现场，但是我有一些关于那张桌子的线索。
tr	I	We all laughed and Kyle told us about their mom coming to forty-two of their shows .
tr	I	It was ready to wait until something changed , but the sense she got was that the wolf was not necessarily comfortable .
tr	I	She never told me his name , but she always told me this story .
tr	O	我现在不用走太多路了，而且我也不强迫他跑步。
tr	I	I hastily dropped his hand , and a blush crept up my neck .
tr	O	我追赶着他，恐慌在我的声音中清晰可闻，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	她的嘴巴环绕着他肿胀的周长，而且他深深地推进。
tr	O	他们的母亲还坐在桌旁，但是他们的父亲已经走了。
tr	O	我向后伸手，伤口猛地一扯疼得我皱眉，并且把纸递给莱兰。
tr	I	I kept my mouth shut as he began eating , but it was not how I meant it .
tr	I	We stroll in the direction of the book store and she wraps her arm around my tiny waist .
tr	I	Pain from the impact prickles up my shins , and I land on a cement floor , hard .
tr	I	With Abe I almost have to , but I 'm not one to take risks .
tr	I	That means you only know the situations you 've actually experienced , and you had to go off your emotions .
tr	O	咖啡店里相当拥挤，但是还有几张空桌子。
tr	I	Her silence affirmed her lack of caring and Nicole 's stiff back shut it all out .
tr	I	You would not speak to me but terah : Yes .
tr	O	细胞经过了，而且它被光线分解了。
tr	O	她回到了更接近现在，而且场景切换到她再次安全驾驶。
tr	O	我拥有它，但是我还有其他人为我管理它。
tr	O	我抓住了亚历山大的手，并且我们走向了刨冰。
tr	I	Liza rolled her eyes and she let out an exaggerated sigh .
tr	O	他空洞眼眶中的火焰熄灭了，并且眼睛长出来填满了它们。
tr	I	His erection was very apparent and there was so little fabric between us .
tr	I	Already my niece was behind the wheel more often than my sister and she hadn 't owned the car for more than a few weeks .
tr	O	森林变得稀疏了，并且伊莱命令他们停下来。
tr	O	我抬起头，并且他正在微笑。
tr	O	那个男人是个外星人，但是他也控制着我的生物成绩。
tr	O	莱利感到了一丝不安，但是她没有退缩。
tr	I	It 's already getting dark , but it 's only half three .
tr	I	He dug into his pocket for a handkerchief to wipe the sweat from his brow and Phillip 's face flushed red with mortification .
tr	O	电梯门开了，并且他护送她进入轿厢。
tr	I	The gunman did the same but Jeremy lunged forward toward it .
tr	O	我只是个凡人，并且在棕榈泉已经过了我的睡觉时间。
tr	I	Daniel was now thankful for the assistance that he offered , and he had been standing close by with his family , watching the fireworks display .
tr	O	她开车去码头时比平时早得多，但是她需要分心来让自己不去想罗伯特。
tr	I	The driver claims to have no memory of it whatsoever , but witnesses claimed that the driver actually swerved to hit pedestrians .
tr	I	We started across and the light changed .
tr	I	I do not need to lick your fingers , but a lesser son of great sires am I .
tr	O	我知道她是在暗示我给她画画，但是我不会。
tr	O	他的脸放松下来，并且他说话时声音更平静了。
tr	I	Her hands flew to his shoulders , her nails digging into his flesh and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	我知道我母亲在我出生后怀孕过好几次，而且婴儿总是太早出生。
tr	I	His brows relaxed , and the edge eased from what was visible of his expression .
tr	I	All the blood rushed from my head , making the walls spin , and my knees knocked together .
tr	O	我没来得及尖叫，但是当他的脚跟抬起时，我身体里的一切都尖叫了。
tr	O	她可以像其他人一样对伊森很讨厌，但是她学会了支持亲近之人的价值。
tr	O	一阵晚风吹乱了他的头发，并且玛丽觉得他的头发看起来像稻草一样干枯。
tr	O	几支蜡烛在煤气灯柔和的金光中毫无生气地立着，并且她划亮一根火柴把它们点燃。
tr	O	佩吉不知道，但是她觉得有必要安慰汉娜，即使那不是事实。
tr	O	她的手摸向他的衬衫，并且他低下头，让她脱掉衬衫。
tr	I	The wicked curve of his lips ruined the image , but he held up both hands in a gesture of surrender .
tr	I	The talk was for me as much as it was for him , but I was pretty sure he couldn 't hear me .
tr	I	Lina cupped his hair in her hand and Jaime stared at her blankly .
tr	O	哈迪斯坐在后面，并且他转过身来捕捉我的目光。
tr	O	她犹豫了一下，并且我能看出她正在考虑问我更多问题。
tr	O	如果你想带人回家，你可以，但是再次没有压力。
tr	O	即使分手后，他也在我身边支持我，而且我非常感激。
tr	O	住在楼下的店主提供了建议，并且很快他们就在两个街区外的一家温馨咖啡馆用餐了。
tr	O	她顽皮地把它扔向我，并且它最终打在了我的脸上。
tr	I	Victor crumpled to the ground unconscious , and there was another resounding crack as his head hit the stone .
tr	I	I 'm sorry , and I don 't want to touch anything anymore .
tr	O	她又舔了舔嘴唇，并且大卫赶紧移开了视线，以免屈服于品尝她的冲动。
tr	I	Rusty swung at him , and Blake moved toward him .
tr	I	It was already too late , but she tried to dodge .
tr	O	她花了一段时间才认出它，但是她终于意识到自己很孤独。
tr	O	布里抚摸我背部的手让我吃了一惊，并且我猛地一颤。
tr	I	I think he feels more comfortable in there , and that 's the warmest room in the house .
tr	O	她的头巾滑落到额头上，并且她迅速地把它推了回去。
tr	I	I was feeling a little dramatic after our weekend , but okay , maybe the metaphor was a little dramatic .
tr	O	亚彻放下了手，并且我感觉有什么冰凉的东西塞进了我的手里。
tr	I	Disposable for the greater good of making sure her organization wouldn 't be exposed , and he was hired muscle .
tr	O	那些花有些褪色了，但是每天我都会欣赏它们。
tr	O	我凝视着他的眼睛，寻找答案，并且他默默地摇了摇头。
tr	I	He took no chances , but he saw no one tailing .
tr	O	马特出现在我身边，没有碰我，但这个举动是为了表示支持。
tr	O	另一个声音从我左边传来，并且我转过身去，想看看是谁在说话。
tr	I	I squeezed his hand and when it was over , Miles pressed my back lightly .
tr	O	他抱过她，但是她的衣服使他无法感受她皮肤的质感。
tr	O	迈克对她笑了笑，但是他继续玩着他的游戏，什么也没说。
tr	I	What poured through her fingers was liquid blue , but it felt like water .
tr	O	也许她和莎拉待在一起太久了，但是很明显她格格不入。
tr	O	她故意扭动身体，让他知道她醒着，并且他翻身仰卧，正好在她想要他待的地方。
tr	I	He 's holding his hands out to the side to keep from touching me , and I 'm lying halfway across Pete .
tr	I	The noises began again and the tricycles were withdrawn .
tr	O	他早些时候和她在一起，但是现在他走了。
tr	I	Those straps tie onto heavy metal chains , and there are leather straps around my wrists .
tr	O	然后她就那样做了，并且她就是格蕾丝。
tr	O	我们和她的医生们进行了一次长谈，并且他们建议我们让她在家试一段时间。
tr	O	Max 带着对她的不悦坐回到座位上，而且我努力理顺我凌乱的头发。
tr	O	Kayla 坐在房间的另一边，而且 Haven 开始穿过自助餐厅。
tr	I	He felt reconnected , and Willow covered his hand with hers for a moment .
tr	O	手套在他的手上有点松，但是它并没有很不合身。
tr	O	Prudence 在他的生命中，而且他永远不会让她离开。
tr	O	她说是为了摄像头和那些无处不在的监视目光。
tr	O	先让一小队人传送下来，并且我们会向你们解释一些关于我们世界的规则。
tr	O	它们在多石的河床上几乎不显眼，但是 Robles 说得没错，经过仔细检查，这个布置看起来是人造的。
tr	O	他们中有些人看起来确实被说服了，而且我感到一丝希望。
tr	O	很快他们就通过了中点，并且温斯顿的焦虑开始缓和。
tr	I	I could sense that his mind was racing , but Al 's face was still void of emotion .
tr	I	He pushes on my lower back so my body arches against him , and I stand on my tiptoes , hooking my arms around his neck .
tr	I	His voice turns soft and his eyes stare at my stomach .
tr	O	他继续说着，并且我知道他说话是为了让我保持冷静。
tr	I	Next to the cottages stood the entrance to the quarry , and there was a small clutter of cottages on its outskirts .
tr	O	她大叫起来，并且恐惧在她声音中显而易见。
tr	I	There was an IV in his right arm and his upper left arm was bandaged .
tr	I	We were sailing upstairs to my room and before I could move , he scooped me into his arms .
tr	O	她的眼睛眯了起来，并且她叉着腰站着，怒视着他。
tr	I	It might be more dangerous than the murderer [ laughs ] and I 'm not very good with those things .
tr	I	For some reason I felt ancient , but I wasn 't that much older .
tr	O	有些是她在社交场合遇到的年轻人，但是他们的谈话很少超出对天气乏味的评论。
tr	O	这是事实，并且我知道。
tr	I	I should have it done within a week , and it is going to be easy to purify .
tr	I	Walls painted in Clay 's section of the fourth floor and Carpet was being laid .
tr	I	She starts to walk off and her eyes widen at this .
tr	I	She supposed it was all plausible , but this information was new to her .
tr	I	It didn 't take words to communicate to me that I was no longer welcome , but she didn 't say anything .
tr	I	It had come out into the middle of the street barking and by then the big German Shepard had spotted them .
tr	I	Her features seemed much more relaxed , and her breathing deepened as the magic flowed through her .
tr	I	Her voice shook as she gave the receptionist her name , and her legs quivered with each step as she accompanied him to the building .
tr	O	格蕾丝盯着桌子，并且她的声音低落成耳语。
tr	O	我感到一滴眼泪从眼中流出，并且我把它擦掉。
tr	O	它仍然很温暖，但是她没有注意到。
tr	O	普雷斯顿给他看了相机取景器上的图像，并且指出了他所看到的。
tr	I	He just might learn something , and at least there would be no harm in listening to what the girl had to say .
tr	I	She was going to get her chance to learn , but Shana hadn 't had much experience as an aunt .
tr	I	It 's even worse doing it in the neighborhood , but its bad enough we have to fight at all .
tr	I	The Alphas couldn 't have mankind knowing that demons were real and Hell 's lovelies no longer wanted to stay in the shadows .
tr	I	He started hissing at me and I gave him a push .
tr	I	I had left and I hadn 't been back there since my mom .
tr	O	他的目光扫向她的，并且她看到他的表情几乎是愤怒的。
tr	I	I have no name for it , but it sounds like something I 've heard .
tr	I	The determined gaze she remembered from when they were merely acquaintances and he stared at her with those perceptive eyes .
tr	O	她试图点头，但是即使那个简单的动作她也做不到。
tr	O	你会做一些非常强烈的梦，并且当你醒来时，你就会在另一个平面上。
tr	I	He answered on the first ring and his agent in Paris was calling .
tr	I	She held her place , but she thought to run after him .
tr	I	He decided being with Dahlia was well worth every unfamiliar emotion , but she twisted him up inside , something he 'd never experienced .
tr	O	他不想去想凯瑟琳，但是如果他停下来，那就意味着她将彻底消失。
tr	O	月光以极快的速度向家园草地奔去，并且桑尼不得不跑着去追上她。
tr	O	有些人在欢呼，并且有几个女孩在哭泣。
tr	I	The King was obviously upset and the advisers to the side of the King began talking in his ear .
tr	I	For some reason he 's biting his lip , but he 's really not sure why .
tr	O	我从未见过他看起来如此心烦意乱，但是那个表情很快就消失成了一张中立的脸。
tr	I	She was still holding back , but she 'd agreed to tonight , exposed a lot of herself .
tr	O	我不想他放手，但是他放手了。
tr	O	他们把头从她身上转开，并且有两个人真的离开了，告诉他他散发出的气息有点太强烈了。
tr	I	Her eyes began to twitch involuntarily and she laughed again .
tr	I	Harry grabbed him but Norman ran forward .
tr	I	You learn and you live .
tr	I	She cringed , and he smiled .
tr	I	She 's guilty of something , and she was on the mountain .
tr	O	他动了动眉毛，并且我拍了他的手臂。
tr	O	看你一眼，并且他就会回来。
tr	I	She narrowed her gaze , and Presley 's grin faded .
tr	I	I was struggling but I was trying to convey my feelings .
tr	O	她抓住了我衬衫的边缘，但是重力把它从她手中扯走了。
tr	I	They certainly aren 't telling us anything and we can 't send messages .
tr	O	我在宝莱坞有个试镜，并且我买不起机票。
tr	O	他还是把手捂在我嘴上，并且我知道我绝对应该感到担忧。
tr	O	他双手不停地摆弄着，并且双脚的轻叩声让他看起来像是要尿裤子了。
tr	I	He looked like he had a lot on his mind and his brows furrowed .
tr	I	I hurried to keep up with her fast pace and she started walking away from me .
tr	I	I looked up and Charlotte leaned forward .
tr	O	她依然靠近他，但是他们之间有些东西变了。
tr	O	锋利的爪子抓挠着我的皮肤，但是却没有造成任何伤害。
tr	O	莫莉今天试图避免再次见到亨特，但是亨特却坚持。
tr	I	I planned to use the opportunity to write my aunt Betty a letter , and Brad had decided to work in the garage .
tr	I	I was hoping it might contain information about how to get home , but I knew it was forbidden .
tr	I	That 's that and I became pregnant .
tr	I	I 'm not doing it and it 's a stupid idea .
tr	I	It 's not one of the children , but I hear a voice .
tr	O	飞行员犹豫了，并且随即他的神情变得明朗起来。
tr	O	独自一人他做不到，但是在一起他们就会有机会。
tr	O	露娜想到了桑迪奶奶，并且她随即感到泪水涌上眼眶。
tr	O	我全身都感觉到一场战斗即将到来，并且我希望凯莉离它远远的。
tr	O	偷内衣的贼袭击了顾客的家，并且没有人受伤。
tr	I	They exchanged a glance and he looked at Philip .
tr	I	His mother knew about his sleeping problems , but Mac never told his mother about Mallory .
tr	O	多年前我们的力量正在改变时我们逃走了，并且其他恶魔正在毒害我们的世界。
tr	O	他没有松开我的手肘，并且我为此感谢了众神殿。
tr	I	This time his mouth was more demanding , and with a groan he pulled her tight .
tr	O	她仍然抽出时间去医院看望，但是有时她在那里也工作。
tr	I	They were wearing dark robes , and everyone was in a circle .
tr	I	She kept following me , but I started to walk down the street .
tr	O	他将他的僵尸大军带出平原，并且他们不知何故穿过了城墙。
tr	I	I knew that was probably the only time I could spend in Tucson , but there was no question I 'd stay overnight at their house .
tr	O	他暗示出最微弱的温柔，并且你就竭力为自己的即刻顺从辩解。
tr	O	这是她本该看到的东西，显而易见的东西，并且她却完全错过了。
tr	O	她摇着头，摇摇晃晃地回到床上，但是还没等她走到那里，它又响了起来。
tr	I	I felt a little better , and she gave me a hug .
tr	O	他们俩一边盯着尸体一边笑，并且绕过它，走向大门。
tr	O	我记不起来了，并且我当时决定那是我最不需要担心的事情。
tr	I	He 's the lion and I 'm the prey .
tr	O	现在他肯定会报复她，而且她终于看到了他的第一次攻击。
tr	O	我答应过你父亲，并且我会尽我所能照顾你。
tr	O	格雷戈里已经从加里身边挤过去了，只是擦身而过，但是那次接触让加里脊背发凉。
tr	O	他们把她铸进了那座雕像里，而且现在我们的魔法无法触及她了！
tr	O	这次索尔听到了像金属研磨般的声音，并且她感觉到盔甲从宏的皮肤内部覆盖到他的手上。
tr	I	Coming after you and to breaking the treaty ?
tr	I	We found Cassie in the very corner of the room and the two of us left the bench .
tr	I	Every measure was taken to protect the raw lumber , and a fire could do massive damage .
tr	I	He inclined his head , but Samuel didn 't smile .
tr	I	The woman simply nodded , and Dan ' r asked .
tr	O	她没有看到狼崽，这让她很失望，但是她确实看到了大桌子上的那盒方糖。
tr	O	我们是朋友，并且我们正在分享这件不可思议的事情。
tr	O	她正要射出她的第一支箭，这时一只手臂环住了她的腰，并且她被抱起抵在一个坚硬宽阔的胸膛上。
tr	I	He didn 't get there in time but he turned to get back into the safety of the Imp free zone .
tr	I	Her traitorous eyes couldn 't stop turning to him , but at first she tried to look everywhere except at Zack .
tr	I	Everyone was already there , waiting for us and we were escorted to our private dining room .
tr	O	他专注地凝视着她的眼睛，并且她感觉到自己全身开始变热。
tr	O	一开始我以为他们是失败者，但是他们实际上很酷。
tr	I	They can be just as dangerous , but they might not be fires .
tr	I	Belinda was encouraging the girl , as well as pointing out a few ways to deepen the painting , and Daphne was standing before an easel .
tr	O	今年的大湖效应降雪特别严重，并且它在她的心灵上留下了不可磨灭的印记。
tr	I	It 's not , but she says it like it 's as easy as breathing .
tr	I	He placed a hand on my shoulder , smiling broadly and Relief washed over his features .
tr	O	他曾多次被比作哈里王子，并且两人实际上是亲密的朋友。
tr	I	It was a different drug , but he 'd still have to do injections .
tr	I	It didn 't reach his eyes but now he managed a half-hearted smile .
tr	I	The clean-up had just started , but the case was solved .
tr	I	I was afraid and he was intent .
tr	I	He didn 't have much time to do it and he had to formulate a plan .
tr	I	Then I was falling into my captor 's arms , and huge black dots swam before my eyes .
tr	O	我身体下沉了一些，直到我能感受到她皮肤散发出的温暖，并且我的性器勃起了。
tr	O	他走到一边，并且我走了进去。
tr	O	等待让我焦躁不安，并且一种紧张的沉默笼罩着所有人。
tr	O	他们阴险、狡诈、贪财，并且他们掌控你的方式是通过婚姻。
tr	O	我的脚落地了，并且达米安放开了我的手臂。
tr	O	德米特里把SUV开出了停车场并穿过了一个我不认识的城市。
tr	O	我们下飞机时拉罗汤加很闷热，并且比复活节岛暖和得多。
tr	O	他总是很有礼貌，但是她无法忍受他总是摆出一副像被踢过的西班牙猎犬的模样。
tr	I	He handed it to me , and a cup was perched on the nightstand .
tr	I	She smiled and Nikola grinned at her .
tr	I	We have our own battle to fight now , but mentally , I wish them luck with it .
tr	O	袖子长到我的指尖，并且我也把它们卷起来。
tr	I	His eyes blazed with fury and his jaw tightened .
tr	I	She has a weird look to her , but her signature is not over the top .
tr	O	我的嘴唇动了动，但是没有发出声音。
tr	I	He knew he had to break the bickering between the two men but he was a nervous .
tr	O	我吞咽了一下，并且我的喉咙感觉像砂纸一样。
tr	O	小萨洛米紧紧依偎着我，并且我像我母亲拥抱我一样紧紧抱住了她。
tr	O	他不习惯接受任何人的任何东西，并且被迫这样做让他非常愤怒。
tr	I	I couldn 't figure out how I had ended up here , and I was surrounded by nothing , the complete absence of everything .
tr	I	I almost moaned , and a sharp pain lanced through my chest .
tr	O	当他不安地挪动着，处理着他的痛苦时，她会触摸他，并且他会平静下来。
tr	I	He held her with a rigid firmness and urgency filled his voice .
tr	O	他的恩人比他矮一点，但是她比他见过的任何人都要美丽。
tr	O	接待大楼周围有几盏门廊灯亮着，但是我怀疑在深夜的这个时间是否有人真的在柜台值班。
tr	O	乔丹的头向后仰，并且他嗤笑着。
tr	O	肯齐把脸藏在我的衬衫里，并且我用手臂环抱着她，感受到她的心怦怦直跳直到那个巨人走开。
tr	I	That doesn 't change how much I miss him , but I don 't agree with what your father did .
tr	O	她俯身吻我，并且我举起一只手阻止了她。
tr	I	Without looking back , fled from the room , slamming the door shut behind him , and he screamed .
tr	I	I was just too comfortable , but I thought about picking my head up to reply .
tr	O	我知道刚才发生在我身上的事情导致我忘记了，但是卡桑德拉说这种情况非常罕见。
tr	I	Afraid everywhere she went and Kaylin was beside herself .
tr	I	The music loud with a driving beat and the club was dark .
tr	I	A week later she decided that she liked Bryan too , but it was a little white lie to spare my feelings .
tr	O	那是糟糕透顶的一天，但是她经历过更糟的。
tr	I	I knew right where it was and she had given me her address on the phone the night before .
tr	I	Your beauty has been tainted by another , But you are silver , my beautiful brother .
tr	O	她回应了什么，但是我听不见狗的咆哮声。
tr	I	His tone changed and his voice rose .
tr	I	You have within you the power to win them over , but the choice is theirs to make .
tr	I	He did his best to keep that promise , and he 'd made a promise to Surreal to be a husband .
tr	I	I looked in that direction and Claire nodded to her right .
tr	I	I nodded in reply , trying to catch my breath and he whispered in my ear .
tr	I	Screeches cut the air and her hands shoot down .
tr	I	Her knees felt weak and her head was in a fog .
tr	O	通常她可以等到那个有香味的高个子回来，但是今天不同。
tr	O	我只是靠在墙上，并且她站在那里看着我。
tr	O	我觉得那难以置信，但是我选择不争论。
tr	I	The pain was just as intense , but I made no sound .
tr	I	He had stuck to it and in high school he had charted a course that he had calculated would enable him to achieve his objective .
tr	O	它摸起来很凉，并且它锋利的边缘刺痛了她的皮肤。
tr	O	他的眼神变得冰冷，并且我的背部随之感到一阵寒意。
tr	O	它有三层楼高，漆着浅灰色漆，配有白色边框，并且她数出至少有两根独立的烟囱从房子的两端升起。
tr	I	This time he stayed upright , and I pushed him back again .
tr	O	他迈步离开了她，大约五步远，并且当他转身时，路灯的光芒瞬间洒在他身上。
tr	O	他为爱而死，并且也许我该受责备。
tr	O	这个想法让她叹了口气，并且她随即对自己皱了皱鼻子。
tr	O	她的脸颊变暖了，并且她希望他能看向她。
tr	I	I could try ; but it may be impossible to tell beforehand whether I should succeed .
tr	O	大多数毕业生都很少渴望成为一名小兵，但是那正是他想要的。
tr	O	她身后传来一声巨响，并且我们俩都猛地转过身。
tr	I	He grit his teeth and Anger made his skin flush .
tr	I	He had the sense that he himself was holding it off , but he needed for the transformation to come .
tr	O	管家内疚地让开，并且 伦走向我。
tr	I	She knew she shouldn 't , but part of her wanted to help him .
tr	O	肾上腺素的冲动正在消退，而且 我只想睡觉。
tr	I	Gilly came into focus , and her eyes moved away .
tr	O	所有的动作沙发都空着，而且 普鲁登斯摊开身体躺在甲板上，一只手臂伸向通往住舱的舱口。
tr	I	This afternoon she 'd come to realize that she couldn 't keep him afloat , but he needed her .
tr	I	The two of them looked around for Manfred , and Arnie shut the door .
tr	O	她爱拉什，而且 他爱她。
tr	I	She 'd be alone , and soon ic 'd leave .
tr	O	他知道他必须做什么，但是 目前他不知道如何完成这样的任务。
tr	I	His jeans hang at his hips and he 's wearing a hooded black thermal shirt that shows off his lean arms .
tr	O	他嘴唇的感觉挠痒了我的皮肤，但是 那是一种很好的感觉。
tr	O	有些是儿童的高度，有些与成人相当，并且 少数比人还大。
tr	I	He waved at Noah , and a young boy got out of the car .
tr	O	另一个穿黑色西装的男人冲出酒店，并且 汤姆一枪爆头将他击毙。
tr	O	他穿着军官的灰色制服，并且他的左肩前面挂着许多徽章。
tr	O	他正在执行任务，并且他看到你进入了高地。
tr	I	He clawed backwards as his blindfold loosely fell below his eyes and the earth started to sift below him .
tr	I	She didn 't stop until the bottle was empty but her eyes watered as the liquor burned all the way down .
tr	O	她的嘴张开了，并且她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	I	You are not the best person for this job , but you had your heart set on going .
tr	O	他挣扎着直到找到那个洞，但是泥浆涌进了他本该呼吸空气的嘴里。
tr	O	又过了几分钟，会议结束了，并且科学家们回去工作了。
tr	O	我确信还有其他团体也想加入，但是我们的房子根本不够大容纳所有人。
tr	I	She came up against a brick wall , but she tried to read his thoughts again , to uncover his feelings .
tr	I	After what he 'd seen in the visions , he wanted an answer of some kind , but he was almost afraid to know the answer .
tr	O	我不知道我要去哪里，并且我看不见因为天黑了。
tr	I	His jawline shook with suppressed agony , and the boy 's face was drawn .
tr	I	Dylan knew prisons were full of so-called innocent men , but sure , he 'd said he 'd been innocent of child molestation .
tr	I	I never wanted this moment to end , and I wanted all of him .
tr	I	I realized that I had unintentionally hit a very sore spot with Abby and the table was eerily quiet as she spoke .
tr	O	金姆的声音颤抖了，并且她清了清嗓子。
tr	O	它肩上佩戴着猎户座臂章，并且肯尼真心为佩戴它而感到自豪。
tr	O	那些日子他们有很好的钢材，传奇般的钢材，但是它没有这么轻。
tr	I	He had already killed , and Drake was here .
tr	O	睡意的迷雾散去了，并且他想起来了。
tr	O	一声粗重的喘息从我口中吼出，并且我开始挣脱我的双手。
tr	O	哈特一定对埃莉诺倾泻了无数礼物直到她看不清，并且仍然，埃莉诺告诉他走。
tr	O	我当时正在处理施瓦茨案件，不过，并且我取得了一些进展。
tr	I	She turned him down flat , but he had tried to recruit her a few months ago .
tr	I	Shah Jahan spent little time there , yet it is regarded as a symbol of eternal love .
tr	I	The top of his head barely reached her shoulder , and he took off his cowboy hat .
tr	I	Kira would get really shaky , but I debated telling her about Christian .
tr	I	I turn around so she can change , but this girl is going to be the death of me .
tr	O	他冲她笑了，并且她伸手去给他那张英俊的脸扇风。
tr	O	木屑被她的衣服挡住了，并且有些直接扎进了她的皮肤。
tr	I	She called him back , but he started toward the cottage house .
tr	O	她的眼睛落在他身上，并且他强迫自己的嘴唇弯起。
tr	O	然而，它下面可能藏着老鼠，天知道还有什么。
tr	I	His mouth was dry and his heart was pounding .
tr	O	他身上那清新阳刚的气味弥漫了她的全身，并且她感觉自己的内心开始融化。
tr	I	Nick waited eagerly to hear that great news , and Phil nodded .
tr	I	The noise level went up when they saw me and most didn 't know who I was .
tr	I	He homeschooled me almost my entire life , and he became like a father to me .
tr	I	The financial compensation small and the hours were long .
tr	I	He added to it the gossip that the kid had never tried a civil lawsuit , but Babcock had the same thought .
tr	O	她及时赶到了，但是不幸的是她正蜷缩在敞开的门影中。
tr	O	我把这个念头从脑海中驱散，这时扎克和我走到了通往二楼的门前。
tr	I	It wasn 't fair , not for either of them , but he could convince the man otherwise for the span of a night .
tr	O	妮娜将手指从杰森手中抽回，并且茱莉亚又开始呼吸了。
tr	I	I burst out laughing and Anna questioned me softly .
tr	I	That 's exactly what happened , but I don 't think he ever anticipated falling in love with you .
tr	O	阿曼达那时抬起头，微笑着，并且卡罗尔再次伸手去拉她的女儿。
tr	O	乔阿姨总是会给我们搭配好衣服，并且彼得叔叔通常会给我们每人找一本同一系列的书。
tr	I	She knew she could trust her , deep in her core , but she didn 't know what it was about the young woman .
tr	O	年龄是由经验塑造的，并且这些情感一直都注定要被分享，以便下一代可以学习。
tr	I	The sound was muffled , but I tried to scream .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to be able to stop herself , but she shouldn 't have been shocked , considering her gown .
tr	I	I 'm so sorry , and I 've screwed up .
tr	I	She held up her hands as if in defense and I asked again .
tr	O	他有他自己的恐惧，但是它们并没有比他在这两个人身上看到的恐惧更大。
tr	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，而且我几乎无法呼吸。
tr	I	Flung it in the direction of the wall where the rope was tied and I grabbed a discus .
tr	O	你不能告诉他你爱他，但是你可以向他展示。
tr	O	她对着一块雕刻精美的岩石流光眨了几次眼，它以其特有的方式很美，但是它与她以前所见过的任何事物都不同。
tr	O	他没有慢慢开始，而且她也不希望他这样做。
tr	O	我看不穿他乐观的个性，而且他一直保守着他的家庭秘密。
tr	I	It was evident from his expression that he knew what the vampire was asking , but he didn 't speak .
tr	O	他看了她好几次，似乎是为了检查她，而且每次他这样做的时候，他都会笑起来。
tr	O	我们坐了一会儿车，并且在道路分岔时跳下了车。
tr	I	The street was as busy as Drury Lane would be after the theater let out , but it was after midnight .
tr	O	他很清楚原因，并且他会从此刻起尽力将这份知识传达给她。
tr	O	我需要更多时间，并且我需要罗宾。
tr	I	They each ran to a different corner of the room , and three more shadowy creatures jumped through the wall after it .
tr	I	Louisa had seemed inclined to agree , and fellows had told her not to go out until this was over .
tr	I	It grew weaker by the second and it was difficult to maintain .
tr	I	Not the way she imagined , but it made his blood burn .
tr	I	She gave to you and she took from me .
tr	O	我真的很讨厌我们这么快就把它们打开了，但是我认为这是紧急情况。
tr	I	She made sure to focus on placing more energy into the barricade around her topaz ring and her awareness continued to expand .
tr	O	除非爸爸醒着并且我们不独处。
tr	I	Apparently he wasn 't in the same place with her , but she was exactly where she wanted to be with him .
tr	O	她在吧台边得到了一张凳子，并且艾米丽离开了去重新穿上她的围裙。
tr	O	贝基跟着我进了我的卧室，并且我拿起了我的背包。
tr	O	洛伊斯非常善良，并且要不是期待着她下午的来访，我可能大部分日子都不会穿衣服。
tr	I	She had to know , but it was probably stupid .
tr	I	Ben removed a ballpoint from his collection , and they actually squirmed , almost in tandem .
tr	O	我等待恐慌降临，但是它没有。
tr	O	我们聊了一会儿，并且我发现他喜欢打猎。
tr	O	亨利知道他已经下班了，但是他仍然穿着制服，所以他决定帮助她会是件好事。
tr	I	Gray had never shown up and it was now after ten .
tr	I	Theo shot me regretful glance and there was a chorus of assent from people around the room .
tr	O	我屏住呼吸，但是他没有再发出任何声音。
tr	I	When I surveyed the damage I was instantly glad they were gone , and what little grass was left in the front yard had been flattened .
tr	O	她和我们一样害怕，并且她对发生在她身上的事情的了解不比我们多。
tr	O	艾丽的头猛地转过去，并且她看到拉斐站在她门口时屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	Emma clutched his hand , and Duncan still looked uncertain .
tr	I	He drew the line at poaching on another man 's territory , but Gabe would do just about anything to attain something he wanted .
tr	I	My therapist insisted it was a good start , but I never went anywhere besides the ranch .
tr	O	差不多两分钟过去了，他的头才重新出现，并且他喘着粗气。
tr	I	Sean had been much less haunted since he 'd taken a mate , but Kind of hard on Sean , Deni always thought .
tr	I	It wasn 't what Keita wanted , but that may have been her mother 's way .
tr	I	He saw blood dripping from his fingertips , and his arm throbbed .
tr	O	骑士们不再是刚才那些冷酷的杀手了，但是他们现在显然正在朝着兰斯洛特骑去。
tr	I	It should have been enough , and this was so much more than he 'd ever thought to have of her .
tr	I	Before he could draw breath to answer , Sasha spoke up , but he started to tell her what she could do with it .
tr	O	冰冷的金发丝卷绕在我过于苍白的脸颊旁，并且我觉得自己看起来有点失常，像个傻瓜一样站在那里。
tr	I	Suddenly I hit something solid , but I 'm still backing away .
tr	I	I was left alone in silence and the door closed behind him .
tr	I	It made me wonder about her whole group , but I didn 't exactly feel sorry for Nell .
tr	O	我想哭，然而我的眼睛却拒绝流泪。
tr	O	我的一生都支离破碎了，并且你只是继续过你自己的生活。
tr	I	Her skin white and her eyes were closed .
tr	I	His eyes were empty , and his face went blank .
tr	O	难民们散开露出了他，并且我只能张着嘴呆呆地看着。
tr	O	这个决定是为了你好，并且坦白说，这不取决于孩子的父亲。
tr	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她把头伸了出去。
tr	I	Her nerves were strung so tightly that she was certain she hadn 't covered her insult , but she tried not to flinch .
tr	O	我不知道发生了什么，但是听起来她像是被袭击了。
tr	O	我一直以为这是一个我会醒来的梦，但是它从未结束。
tr	I	Suddenly there was a bright light in John 's room , and then a switch was flicked .
tr	O	她在他脚边倒地，就在此时她后脑勺一阵剧痛，并且一切都被黑暗吞噬了。
tr	I	Young Samuel did , but Joffrey did not notice his commanders glare .
tr	O	我父亲再婚了，而且我们相处不好。
tr	I	It wouldn 't last forever , but there was a great deal of money in the bag , supposedly .
tr	I	It appears that the few remaining thugs have escaped up into the hills , but we have had quite a problem up there .
tr	I	His sweat soaked hair brushed against my face as his body went limp and the man 's knit cap had fallen off .
tr	O	当他们继续向黑拳前进时，风卷起了冰屑，但是跑步让他们保持温暖。
tr	O	那多出三个人了，而且他们都在跟踪马奇。
tr	O	在家里，我母亲每天都打电话，但是和我说了几句话后，她总是要求和伊莉丝说话。
tr	O	亚历克斯通常不会对某人有如此大的误判，但是梅多斯却知道该说什么。
tr	I	They climbed from the vehicle and he pulled up by the front doors .
tr	O	她知道那是因为她没睡觉，但是却没有时间睡觉。
tr	O	我没走多远，但是那不是我的错。
tr	O	我无从得知他是否取消了，但是 我敢打赌没有。
tr	I	I always do and I muse , thinking out loud like Shay .
tr	O	反正本来是要的，但是 没有女孩。
tr	O	她的后院有一个私人码头，并且 她的父母在那里停放了一艘帆船。
tr	O	乔治感觉自己在测试什么，但是 她不确定是什么。
tr	I	I almost smiled when I saw the fire dancing in her eyes and she shook the hair out of her face .
tr	O	我们都挤进房间，并且 那真是一道风景。
tr	I	Cousins took it himself to forensics and the coffee cup was bagged after he had been allowed to go .
tr	O	这个想法突然冒出来，并且 斯塔凡本能地做出了反应，即使他的性兴奋达到了顶峰。
tr	I	He noticed a slight twitch from Gabriel that marked he had heard him as well but he had mostly only intended to talk to himself .
tr	I	He let out a scream of terror and the tar like mass struck the guard in the face , enveloping his helmet .
tr	O	他有点疯狂，但是 我的天生掠食本能告诉我，他就是我们一直在寻找的杀手。
tr	I	It stopped short of the bars , but at last an opaque fog slithered across the ground .
tr	I	A selfish part of me wants to share it , and Logan wants to steer her away from our world .
tr	O	传来一阵轻微的急促呼吸声，所以 安静得只有卡斯帕和我才能听到。
tr	O	好吧，不注意就走到街上不是她最好的举动，但是她当时心不在焉。
tr	O	我的手飞快地捂住嘴巴，并且我倒吸了一口凉气。
tr	I	I had to snap out of it and I knew I was acting peculiarly odd .
tr	O	早晨已经到来，并且雨已经停了。
tr	I	She 's more like a little sister really , but she 's my niece .
tr	I	The familiar sardonic smile catches his lips and Cole gives his head a slight shake .
tr	I	Women were taking in the laundry , and men were out corralling their livestock .
tr	O	回到了灰木镇这个是非之地，并且我害怕我自己的小妹妹。
tr	I	Reflex alone was my saviour , and I heard the pole scrape on concrete without seeing anything of her lunge .
tr	I	She felt her stomach become queasy again , and she saw Bill watching her out of the corner of her eye .
tr	I	You have great confidence in playing a role for a certain purpose , and you 're well-spoken , even eloquent .
tr	I	It 'd been ransacked and I showed up at her office .
tr	I	Soul stuck it in her mouth and the puncture wound began to bleed .
tr	O	她无法强迫自己看向小桌子对面，并且房间突然感觉很狭窄。
tr	I	I should be grateful , and he said he was watching my back .
tr	O	这是错的，并且如果她对他做那样的事，她将永远无法原谅自己。
tr	I	He didn 't defend me , but my so-called friend looked worried .
tr	I	It was no use , but he wanted to ask her what she meant by that .
tr	I	Danger didn 't necessarily constitute a threat , but she didn 't feel threatened by him .
tr	O	我后退，撞到了一张桌子，并且她拿着它们向我俯下身来，好像要刺我一样。
tr	O	有一次他以为他听到了抽泣声，但是那可能是一个笑声。
tr	I	He suffered the same adverse reactions to technology as most gentry , but Dorian was strong enough to cross over intact .
tr	O	如果我跟他谈谈，他也许会保持距离，并且那劳雷尔就会放过吉尔了。
tr	I	It spurred a few others to action , but the shot had no noticeable effect on the sphere .
tr	I	He gestured for them to leave , and he drew himself up , impatiently , before Reuben had a chance to respond .
tr	O	这可能是好的，或者这可能是坏的。
tr	I	She sends her damn guard dog to my office and I give her a damn note .
tr	I	He avoided resorts like the plague , and he never went to the beach .
tr	O	你是，并且你需要谈谈。
tr	O	伊森提供的解释似乎让那三个人满意了，并且关于伊森对我不同寻常的兴趣，再也没有讨论了。
tr	O	它的年代似乎是永恒的，并且它简直是宏伟的。
tr	I	I could see his curious expression in the moonlight and we walked all the way to the opposite end .
tr	I	Mark quickly held it open with his foot but the door began to close .
tr	O	凯登说她会，并且她也确实做到了。
tr	I	All my relief scattered , and I was left alone with Scott .
tr	I	When he looked up from his desk , a smile spread across his face , and I tapped on the door to alert him of our presence .
tr	O	艾米丽现在渴望和乔丹谈谈，但是乔丹正在被联邦调查局通缉。
tr	O	她知道他不是当地人，并且她知道他不会受欢迎。
tr	I	They weren 't sure , but the two wondered if it had become a stream yet .
tr	O	她的嘴巴震惊地张着，并且接着她不得不移开视线。
tr	I	They love it and I paint nothing .
tr	O	我们晚点会见面，并且一切就会恢复正常。
tr	O	他知道她非常害怕切断与儿子的联系，但是他也感受到了她要把他找回来的决心。
tr	O	他就这样出现似乎很奇怪，但是我一开始见到他时感到非常欣慰，以至于没有多想。
tr	O	艾米丽的嘴巴张开了，但是没有话语说出来。
tr	O	能量在他身边盘旋，但是他丝毫未被火焰触及。
tr	O	她只对他略知一二，但是他的姿势在她看来很奇怪。
tr	O	费了一些电话才将他的遗体从市停尸房转交到Sigma，但是马尔科姆·詹宁斯是一位备受尊敬的法医病理学家。
tr	I	He was talking , but she tried to return her attention to the planets .
tr	O	艾米琳以为她藏得很好，但是萨缪尔肯定还是感觉到了她的动静。
tr	I	He was gone , and the phone went dead .
tr	I	I had seen them on the video recording , and I had seen them in my vision too .
tr	I	I knew we were just halfway through this storm , but the snow looked like it was going to stop .
tr	I	He hung up the phone , and Brandon 's voice sounded strange .
tr	I	On some mental , some emotional level I was good as dead , but part of me died right then , maybe not a physical death .
tr	O	他非常虚弱，伤口可能已经感染，并且在这样恶劣的天气条件下移动他风险极大。
tr	O	瑞克对着无线电低语，给狙击手下达指令，并且他透过双筒望远镜观察着。
tr	I	Rolfe generously added to that amount , and I 'd added a stipend to her salary for clothing .
tr	O	我知道这不算多，但是你说你在那里很开心。
tr	O	烟草在他嘴里尝起来很酸，并且他仍然感觉太疲惫以至于无暇顾及。
tr	O	我以为是个男孩，但是很难确定。
tr	I	She fell onto the floor and for some unknown reason Tammy felt her c-section wound stab with pain .
tr	I	The work was useless , but I used the hammer to beat them back down .
tr	I	He lifted his head , and she moaned at the pleasure of it .
tr	I	He swallowed hard and Tony became flush .
tr	I	She pulled it out and her cellphone vibrated in her pocket .
tr	I	My eyes didn 't even feel heavy , and we 'd spent all night in Woonsocket .
tr	O	萨姆不敢相信她妈妈费了那么大周折，但是她很感激。
tr	I	There wasn 't one on the outside and I looked around for a card .
tr	O	我可能不记得事情，但是我不是白痴。
tr	I	She 'd lost her ability to believe that anyone would catch her , and it was a plunging , eye-watering descent .
tr	O	他曾经能够写出部分肽链的化学式，并且实物就在眼前。
tr	O	我必须振作起来，或者我就会情绪崩溃。
tr	I	The festival brought everyone back to town , but Friday night games were always well attended .
tr	O	和我一起笑，并且我也会和你一起笑。
tr	O	现在老“硫磺”号在那儿，并且她很高兴。
tr	O	这是对未来的憧憬，而且我希望它永远不会实现。
tr	O	碧娅紧随其后，并且格洛丽亚也紧随其后。
tr	I	The thought of her finding someone else for comparison made him feel a lot worse , and nope , he wasn 't feeling any better .
tr	I	She prepared herself for the expert dodge of her question and he shifted his feet .
tr	O	它没有窗户，没有一点自然光，但是房间的周边排列着巨大的石像。
tr	I	She wondered if that had really been her and thoughts of the night before came back to her .
tr	I	She raised her arms so he could pull it over her head and he tugged at her shirt hem .
tr	I	Neither did he politely inquire as to whether I was actually cold , and he didn 't ask me whether he could look through my stuff .
tr	O	她又摇晃了我一下，并且我听到了她的叹息。
tr	I	He moved back to see a faint crackle of flame flickering across the surface of the wall , and a loud sparking noise suddenly startled him .
tr	I	They didn 't sound that way on a tile floor , but high heels may have looked dainty .
tr	I	The threads of their civilization were manifested in Ancient Greece , and Middle Easterners developed their civilization several millennia before the Incas .
tr	I	You didn 't answer , but I tried calling you .
tr	I	Bob 's eyes wandered over it uneasily , and a sticky defrosting patch in the centre of the room had recently been red ice .
tr	O	Eli 睡着了，并且那个晚上我的焦虑第一次得到了缓解。
tr	I	Now they seemed to think better of it , but they 'd given in to him so far .
tr	I	I copied him and he stepped up onto the platform .
tr	I	I took it and Gem held out her hand to me .
tr	O	她轻轻摇动了一下臀部，并且他发出了一声低沉的喉音呻吟。
tr	I	I could see Callum clearly and it was open to the living room just below .
tr	I	My spasms continue and he enters me .
tr	I	Then we try to make it happen , and we imagine something .
tr	O	这不是他今天所需要的，但是不对此采取行动将是他的疏忽。
tr	O	它并非特别优雅，但是它是一把好用且有效的步枪。
tr	O	景色没有那么壮观，但是那安静的阳台只好将就一下了。
tr	O	几分钟没有人跟他说话，并且他似乎陷入了一种僵直的满足状态。
tr	I	A few moments later I caught on , but at first , I didn 't know what he was talking about .
tr	I	He pushed the servant away , and Michaels ' eyes went wide .
tr	I	I knew I 'd be far less emotional than last week at Green Lake , but I hadn 't figured out what I 'd say .
tr	O	巴黎慢慢抬起了头，并且他的目光与克罗诺斯的目光相遇了。
tr	I	I felt a tear streak down my face , and his body tensed as if holding him back .
tr	I	Finally he refocused on the picture , and James held my stare for a long moment .
tr	O	罗德坐了起来，并且毯子从他躯干上滑落，露出了他的长内衣。
tr	I	People began to flock to her in earnest and her story was floated through the highest circles .
tr	O	他不知道他们从哪里来，但是他确信他们不是本地人。
tr	I	That wasn 't possible , because the window was closed , but the candles were blown out as if there would be a draft .
tr	I	His shoulders hunched as if he was trying to hide from unseen blows , and his body twisted in torment .
tr	O	我没有把事情说得更清楚，唯恐让他们震惊得麻痹，但是他们肯定明白了要点。
tr	I	The hiss as a ship 's ramp lowered , and he heard the docking bay seal around something .
tr	O	她还不知道，但是她渴望使用它。
tr	I	Echo lifted his head and Cassidy looked back at me .
tr	O	实际上那只是一个还包着包装纸的卷筒，并且里面卷着什么东西。
tr	I	I don 't feel like I 've done anything yet , but it feels so good for her to tell me he 's proud .
tr	I	She had damned near succeeded , and Patty worked hard at being perfect .
tr	O	他送我回家，并且他开车回自己家。
tr	O	她翻了个白眼，但是一丝微笑浮现在她的唇边。
tr	I	She stiffly turned away , and her plump lips thinned .
tr	O	这七名士兵释放了囚犯，举起了斧头，并且在不到三十秒的时间里，事情就完成了。
tr	O	我必须远离他，但是我又想待在法国。
tr	O	我没有思绪，并且几乎没有任何感觉了。
tr	I	Yet , in another way , I wondered what adventure would come next , and in a way it would .
tr	O	我们尝试了，并且我们失败了。
tr	O	我不知道这一切到底是从哪里来的，但是她的声音听起来不一样了。
tr	I	Once the urgent need had been appeased , the kiss took on a new quality , and still his lips played over hers .
tr	I	I shifted to be more comfortable beside her , and my knees shook to support my own weight .
tr	I	His radiant returning smile warms my heart and I smile .
tr	O	他们着陆了，并且珍妮焦急地等待着旅行者号的舱门打开。
tr	O	我看到妮娜给了我一个眼神，仿佛在问“你为什么不在这里做点什么呢？”，但是我们已经经历过这些了。
tr	I	I assumed they knew that , and if the food tasted like antiseptic , there was going to be hell to pay .
tr	O	她知道将要发生什么，并且她知道每天会遇到什么。
tr	O	她在沙发上坐下了，并且朱莉娅在她旁边坐下了。
tr	O	她以前从未想过这件事，但是这有点刻薄。
tr	I	I wondered what was worrying Winkler and it gave me time to think .
tr	I	I can feel sleep descending on me and I close my eyes .
tr	O	会是二对一，但是他会配备武器。
tr	I	I needed to rescue her from him , somehow and the Keeper had her .
tr	O	我明白了，但是我觉得有点过分了。
tr	I	The room went dark again , and I turned my face away .
tr	I	His lips parted in surprise and his gorgeous brown eyes widened .
tr	I	I wasn 't even tempted to doodle , but a notepad with a new pen sat waiting at my fingertips .
tr	O	她站了起来，并且伊莉丝领她走向前门。
tr	I	I didn 't realize that I 'd grown so dependent on him and the emptiness I felt was horrific .
tr	O	肖恩如释重负地瘫坐回去，并且他的眼睛又轻轻合上了。
tr	I	I was going to have to point him to some better joke sites , but I got that he was joking .
tr	O	你做，或者你 Y。
tr	I	I don 't know if God listens to me anymore , but I would say I 'll pray it 's a boy .
tr	O	他放下另一只手里的管子，并且我拿起它看。
tr	O	他的一只手臂紧紧地环抱着她的腰，并且他用另一只手轻轻抚摸着她的头发。
tr	O	西蒙把椅子递给她，并且她坐在床边。
tr	O	音响系统很棒，并且食物闻起来很香。
tr	O	尽管遭到抗议，她的声音还是失去了一些活力，并且他笑了。
tr	I	It ran on Hab power , but the airlock itself has electronics .
tr	O	服务员停在我们桌边，我们各自点了餐，虽然我不太确定为什么。
tr	O	我的心在我胸腔里狂跳，并且我屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	He was shaking and his face was red .
tr	O	他把草莓甜心背包甩到肩上，并且他怎么能把那玩意儿弄得看起来很性感，她永远都不会知道。
tr	I	Before she could respond , a knock on the door startled her , but Victoria 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	她没想到有这样的机会在他的飞船上走动，并且她知道她应该利用它。
tr	I	He put a hand on either side of her , boxing her in and she stopped at her car .
tr	O	一个金发吸血鬼瞥了我一眼，与我四目相对，并且他的眼睛在阳光下闪着金光。
tr	I	The bars were pressing painfully against her scales and it was too small .
tr	I	Ash hadn 't really helped and he didn 't know what choice to make .
tr	I	Now you 're forcing one on him , and you asked him if he likes massages .
tr	I	He botched it ... and the present in which he had his one , fated , final chance to say goodbye .
tr	O	她把一些糖果倒在我手里，并且我把巧克力倒进嘴里。
tr	I	There was no point of making a production of this request , but Rue hadn 't planned on becoming the center of attention .
tr	I	When she looked at her sister 's earnest face , she couldn 't do it , but Angie tried to laugh .
tr	I	It 's not so bad , but the pain is still there .
tr	I	It creaks open and the lock clicks .
tr	O	电话响了，并且我过了一会儿才去接。
tr	O	这是一种会受到严厉斥责的错误，并且特里斯坦知道这一点。
tr	I	All she felt was need , but fear should be rolling through her system .
tr	O	他猜测这个团队由四个小组组成是部分准确的，但是他划定的界限是灵活的。
tr	O	他没有问问题，但是帕里斯知道他期待一个答案。
tr	I	He wanted to see if Luis would agree , and he wanted to take this to another level .
tr	I	It was a bright point to all of this , but lukas knew this news wouldn 't offset the problems .
tr	O	污水是个问题，但是他们正在解决这个问题。
tr	O	该隐显然不满意她的干预，但是她忽略了他。
tr	I	Mia had to think about Jonas , but this idea was very tempting .
tr	O	响起第二次号声，并且骑兵开始向前行进。
tr	O	那是一段优雅的闹剧，并且它让他们都非常高兴。
tr	O	她试图挣脱他，但是他的手虽然轻柔，却不容挣脱。
tr	I	No hormonal insanity on her part would interfere with performing her duty for the flyer entrusted into her care , and she understood her job .
tr	O	我吸了口气，并且他把我拉得更近了。
tr	I	Money saved for investment , or capitalism as we studied it in the history books was based on capital .
tr	O	福赛斯等待着反应，但是却没有。
tr	I	At this rate they would be two weeks getting to the take-out and this was their second day on the Middle Fork .
tr	I	I could show you where I grew up and I thought we could drive down to Atlanta .
tr	O	我能看到下面的山谷，并且它看起来有两百英尺深。
tr	O	她想知道他听到了多少，并且她的胃因尴尬而痉挛。
tr	O	你需要以受控的方式使用它，或者它就会控制你。
tr	I	Of course as a respectable woman she could never hold that position , but she was really doing the job any good investment broker would do .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to understand that , and there was a world to rebuild .
tr	I	Richard knew what he had to do , but the young Arab boy had gone , as had the envelope .
tr	O	他对盖房子一无所知，但是查斯兄弟却知道。
tr	O	那个可能性是痛苦的，但是她不得不承认那是她开始相信的事情。
tr	I	I know what I have to do , without even thinking about it and it 's like I 've been waiting for this moment my whole life .
tr	O	罗伯特选择左边，并且我们住右边的卧室。
tr	I	He was guarding before the dagger began to move , but I retaliated , a stab right at his throat .
tr	I	He will help and he is sincere .
tr	I	That snapped me out of my thoughts , and I heard Mrs. Jackson let out a whimper at a certain sensitive spot around her ankle .
tr	I	She looked up , and a motor growled .
tr	O	她看到鲁比时轻轻哼了一声，但是她的声音很和善。
tr	O	凯西的牙齿紧紧咬住，但是她没有再争辩。
tr	O	他们没有像使用镇静剂那样规律地使用它，但是我还是把我的楼层的这个阀门关掉了，以防万一。
tr	I	Some event happened to them , or someone else did this to them .
tr	O	她从一开始就知道事情的真相，而且她需要接受它。
tr	O	我已经知道了，但是确切地知道仍然很好。
tr	O	海伦的思绪在他最初的接触时就已经开始旋转，但是他声明的第二部分也让她震惊。
tr	O	她需要的不仅仅是打开门的方法，但是是穿过它的方法。
tr	O	要摆脱对女王的依赖，首先需要极大的灵魂力量，并且漫游者越老，就越灵活。
tr	O	她自己的反应中有着强烈的满足感，但是她却把注意力完全放在取悦他上。
tr	O	今天是周五，而且9月30日是下周二，所以我不得不面对数学的现实。
tr	O	我从没想过那会是永远的事情，但是我们玩得很开心。
tr	I	He 's not too steady on his feet so we go into the living room and he 'd been drinking .
tr	O	我没有追问更多信息，但是我希望她能给我更多。
tr	I	Silk would demote me to Breeder if she ever found out , and it was unsuitable .
tr	I	His skin glistened in the dim light , and he smelled like shampoo .
tr	O	实际上，这让她感到相当不舒服，而这种感觉以前从未有过，但是它就是这样。
tr	I	The shame is worse , but sometimes the pressure hurts .
tr	I	If you start goofing off , I 'm gon na separate you two , but come on , Harris , you can read to your brother .
tr	I	That still wasn 't very vocal , but Mrs. Michaelson was the most vocal about it being about time for Chessie to step down .
tr	I	It felt even worse than before , and I was alone at Evernight again .
tr	O	我不确定他们为什么在这里，但是肯定不是为了什么好理由。
tr	I	It scared me too much to let him in all the way and Micha saw too much of me .
tr	I	None came but I waited for the gunfire .
tr	I	I let her pass and we reached the stairs .
tr	O	他的回答听起来有点不对劲，但是他正以一种炫目的方式微笑着，露出了洁白整齐的牙齿。
tr	O	隔壁房间的电视声音变小了，并且尼尔第三次按响了门铃。
tr	O	她有一个悲惨的过去，但是它对他保密。
tr	O	布里德洛夫知道那个女人是妓女，并且当她在椭圆形镜子里检查自己时，布里德洛夫也觉得自己是其中之一。
tr	I	Seeing the way she was watching him , he knew she understood , and it was impossible for him to describe what he felt right now .
tr	I	He wasn 't a knight anymore , at least not officially and knights wore plate .
tr	O	它是蓝色的，而且他的夹克是深红色的。
tr	O	我看着它冲上坑里几乎垂直的墙壁，并且我突然知道我在哪里了。
tr	I	Soon I feel back to normal and I focus my healing powers internally .
tr	I	Hilda looked at it as if it was something funny , but Lea could see that Hilda wasn 't sad about it .
tr	I	I 've been watching you ever since , and he told me when you came back .
tr	I	She didn 't mind his bluster , but it was difficult since he was such a grouchy patient .
tr	I	It will be worth it , but we have a long road ahead of us on this one .
tr	I	Cameron was as hot-blooded as they were , and these were hot-blooded people .
tr	O	当他们的目光与我的相遇时，他们的眼睛睁得大大的，随着莱利和其他重启者涌到我周围，眼睛变得更大了。
tr	O	哦，她的朋友很感兴趣，但是同时她又害怕。
tr	I	I cried out and her touch was painful .
tr	O	还有一个事实是，召集其他团队需要更长的时间，而且多诺万没有充足的时间。
tr	O	我今天下午在这片草地上见识了他的战斗技巧，并且我们已经知道他能抵御一条龙。
tr	I	She bent down to see what he was doing and Simon sat on a tree stump , holding a lighter to his ankle .
tr	O	干草捆散落在房间各处，并且一个蓝草乐队在角落里搭好了台。
tr	I	Something brought him up short , but Simon tried to move toward her .
tr	O	回来的时间比莎莉记忆中要长，但是哈莉特指出，那天是曼哈顿的剧院之夜。
tr	O	他人真好，并且莉娜做得很好。
tr	I	The way it is directed leaves nothing to the imagination and the way this movie is lit , every corner is as bright as a sunbeam .
tr	I	I saw light , but well , not see .
tr	I	I was sure it would be painful , but it was not something my mother ever talked about .
tr	O	我们小跑着上楼，并且我看到我们的卧室时惊呼一声。
tr	O	没有黄色光环的人直接看着我，但是他们以相当对称的方式围绕着我排列在房间里。
tr	O	我真的很想谈论自己，但是我不想显得粗鲁。
tr	O	我的声带在运作，但是这实在是太多了。
tr	I	I was feeling desperate , but he was pleasant enough .
tr	O	如果他失去女朋友，那会是我的错，并且我害怕他不会原谅我。
tr	O	已经没有后门台阶能让我们走到门廊上去了，并且门廊的地板看起来非常不稳。
tr	O	菲利普的家人形形色色，并且四散各地。
tr	O	电梯开了，并且我们走了进去。
tr	I	His thoughts were not his own , but he tried to ask what was going on .
tr	I	The tips were handsome and they were being run off their feet .
tr	I	I kicked until the pain wouldn 't let me move any more , and I screamed hateful words until my voice was hoarse .
tr	O	迪伦，尽管有这么多事情，世上仍有幸福，并且我想要它。
tr	O	一阵喘息声充斥着她的耳朵，并且那是一种美妙的声音。
tr	O	我当时没有想到这一点，但是它们可能是自残造成的痕迹。
tr	O	那个有疤痕的男人通过和她跳舞，引起了她极大的注意，并且她怒不可遏。
tr	I	After a moment 's pause , Jeffrey followed him into the back room and Kevin nodded .
tr	O	甚至雅典娜看起来都受到了震动，但是她很快恢复了。
tr	I	Really , I try not to think about it , and I don 't know what I believe anymore .
tr	I	I felt my face heat , but I tried not to blush .
tr	I	He was looking forward to getting some rest and it was going to be a long journey .
tr	I	My participation would 've been unfair , but I was supposed to be first .
tr	O	我们面对面站着，并且我正握着你的手。
tr	I	There were obvious signs of the Jaguar 's presence , and her conversion was difficult .
tr	O	我把巴奇放下，并且他走进厨房查看他的碗里是否有食物。
tr	I	It isn 't good , and they 're sharing something .
tr	O	她在做一些秘密的事情，并且我想知道是什么。
tr	O	格雷森医生被叫来了，并且凯伦接受了另一次检查。
tr	O	奥利维亚通常讨厌人们叫她丽芙，但是莫是这个规则的例外。
tr	O	那仍然是我，并且我应得那些奖励。
tr	O	他们示意要抱住他们的兄弟，但是随后他们看到了站在他身后的我。
tr	O	知道你可能离开并且再也不会回来？
tr	O	我的心加速跳动，并且我几乎因解脱而感到虚弱。
tr	O	我把头伸到外面，并且似乎一个人影都没有。
tr	I	The girls would have to play the men 's roles as well but we decided there was nothing for it !
tr	O	这样的纸条上从来没有签名，但是他认出了塔隆的字迹。
tr	O	他本可以联系媒体来让她好过些，但是这次情况会不同。
tr	O	他笑了，并且赫菲斯托斯皱起了眉头。
tr	O	一股突如其来的自豪感涌上他的心头，并且一丝微笑浮现在他的嘴角。
tr	I	I knew she wouldn 't answer me , but I wanted to ask her if she knew what was really going on at the club .
tr	O	她只有不到一天的时间来救他，但是她没有任何筹码。
tr	I	He kept quite but she waited for him to resume the story .
tr	O	他很困惑，并且他很难过。
tr	I	He knew the answer , but he asked .
tr	O	他有些周末还是得工作，但是这主要是通过待命而不是执勤。
tr	I	They weren 't exactly on good terms , but she 'd mentioned the ceremony to Jon .
tr	O	当他握住冰冷的金属门把手时，他的肌肉紧绷，并且他的思绪集中在任务上。
tr	O	洛蕾莱不是最好的厨师，但是她非常努力。
tr	O	我看见她，并且我想要她。
tr	O	这并非完全属实，但是埃德温不在乎。
tr	O	他明天会回来，并且他答应我的训练将开始。
tr	O	我翻了个白眼，并且他轻笑了。
tr	O	这是一个推拉窗，并且下半部分是开着的。
tr	O	我的嘴巴张开准备反击，但是我眯起了眼睛。
tr	I	She also challenged the physician in me , and she intrigued me more than I can say .
tr	I	At least for the night , he wanted to share in the family , and Ethan was here .
tr	O	子弹划过野兽的侧腹，炸飞了团团毛发，但是它没有减速。
tr	O	所有人都在看着我，但是我从未把目光从亨利身上移开，我太心碎了，顾不上尴尬。
tr	I	She didn 't notice , but the water , green with the reflections of the surrounding trees , lapped at her feet .
tr	O	它发行后至少一年内都在三个榜单的前十名，并且甚至还有一次美国巡回演唱会。
tr	I	I 'm sorry , and I freaked out .
tr	O	我抚摸她的头，并且她舔了我的手。
tr	I	He doesn 't reply but I manage to ask .
tr	I	They collapsed within minutes and my defenses were puny .
tr	I	Her breath backed up in her throat at what she could see , and she used her free hand to slip her thick glasses off .
tr	O	我的宝宝还活着，并且当她还在我体内成长时，我自己感受到了生命的第一迹象。
tr	I	I know she 's connecting the painful dots , and Logan said her dad died in a fire .
tr	O	这是一个又热又潮湿的夜晚，并且我们很快就都汗流浃背了。
tr	O	我不知道为什么，但是我开始把所有东西都放进去。
tr	I	Nolen knew better , but he did not look so dangerous standing there peacefully .
tr	O	他试着触摸塞尔玛的名字，但是 什么也没发生。
tr	I	I want to hit something , and my emotions are on overload .
tr	O	质量真的很差，因为我们的打印机很老旧，但是 图像足够清晰。
tr	I	Tears began to trickle down her face and she felt her throat build up with pressure .
tr	I	I 'd like to go throw them in the wash and I 'm pretty sure my clothes are soaked in poisons .
tr	I	Closer examination revealed a recently patched section of wall , but at first glance , it appeared to be a dead end .
tr	O	拜伦走了，然而 他没有完全离开。
tr	O	伊桑的肩膀耷拉下来，并且 他消失在船舱的狭小深处。
tr	O	他叹了口气，并且 她知道他正在回忆。
tr	I	When they 're close , the chemicals react and the pairs call to each other .
tr	I	He was curious , too and he knew nothing about Jase .
tr	I	All I could do was push him away , and he came at me as he spoke .
tr	O	琴西怀疑地看着它，但是 她想尝试新事物，所以 她伸出了手。
tr	O	我为托尼奥工作，因为他支付了我的教育费用，并且 我觉得我欠他的。
tr	O	并非朱莉娅会去窥探，但是他不想让任何东西意外地冒出来。
tr	I	I am not used to taking them from Jack , but I said it very neutrally , because I am used to taking orders .
tr	O	在那里她想感谢他，并且他指责她操纵他。
tr	O	他设法把她翻过来，并且她重重地摔进了垃圾桶。
tr	O	她看到盘旋的猫头鹰，并且远方尖塔上狼嚎的剪影。
tr	O	他们浑身湿透，满身泥泞但是庆幸还活着。
tr	O	她的身体贴着他感觉很好，并且他不想把她放下。
tr	O	他不知所措地喊道，并且他像摇兔子一样摇晃着可怜的比尔博。
tr	I	The tears keep coming , but I don 't know how long it goes on .
tr	O	她与阿道夫的替身配对，并且两人相处得很好。
tr	O	我碰了他的手肘，并且他停了下来，吃了一惊。
tr	I	It was approved by the ten , and the two million sounded like pocket change in light of the previous discussion .
tr	I	He masked his dislike , but they were a type Oakes had always thought bulged in a repellant way .
tr	O	诺克斯把他的钥匙扔到我们旁边，并且它们撞在一个玻璃碗上，发出了叮当声。
tr	O	当她意识到她的眼睛是睁开的时候，一阵恐慌随之而来，但是黑暗依然一片漆黑。
tr	I	She felt her head was a little floaty , and her body was finally relaxed .
tr	O	她的睫毛向上颤动，并且她的目光钉住了他。
tr	O	显然他哭过，但是他的眼睛现在已经干了。
tr	I	His pale stare was intense , but Andrew was smiling .
tr	I	She lost all hope of an adoption , and soon Sakura found herself hated by everyone who knew her .
tr	I	Before she could say anything , she saw Travis give a thumbs-up , but Gabby 's lethargy vanished immediately .
tr	I	I never really got into it , but my dad gardens a little .
tr	I	I feel the pain I see in them and the spectral eyes captivate me .
tr	I	I kept getting this distinct impression that I was being followed but I didn 't see anyone .
tr	O	我不明白这怎么可能，但是很明显她真的看不见坠饰发出的光。
tr	I	I didn 't , but I thought I would vomit .
tr	I	I quickly slipped it on and he handed me my shirt .
tr	O	有一个女巫，穿着长长的黑裙子，黑头发，一切都是黑色的，并且花二十五美分她就能告诉你未来。
tr	I	My heart jumped nervously , and Ethan 's phone beeped .
tr	I	We need to get through fast , and we need to get through .
tr	O	我本意是想开个玩笑，但是他在一阵忙乱的活动中掩饰了他的尴尬，递面包，倒水。
tr	I	Any color that was left drained from my cheeks , and my stomach dropped to my knees .
tr	O	外部气闸门滚开，并且一个对创世的亵渎物出现了。
tr	O	我只是想让它成为一个蹩脚的笑话，但是我感到被困在他们惊恐的目光之下，当他们缓缓地转向我时。
tr	I	She spoke and she smiled coldly .
tr	O	然而，她坐的地方是干的，并且尼尔蹲在她旁边。
tr	I	She waited for her eyes to adjust , and the room was dark .
tr	I	She watched the van driver 's expression turn from confusion to terror in seconds and the engine roared .
tr	O	他想看他们跳舞，但是他在某种程度上不想。
tr	I	Rashid took his place and the doctor moved back .
tr	O	他从高中起就信任这些人，超过十五年了，并且没错，他觉得他们让他失望了。
tr	I	The spaces wide and the walls were thick .
tr	I	I never had the guts to say it before , but I had thought those words so many times .
tr	I	Now that their father was beginning to recover , Norah had returned to work , and the hospital was understaffed .
tr	I	She was hungry again , and Iona 's body kept flushing hot , then cold , like she had a fever .
tr	O	她的羞愧很大，但是我承担了惩罚。
tr	O	他现在非常危险，并且泰德知道他必须让谈话继续下去。
tr	O	里维尔沮丧地环顾四周，但是他却看不到任何人。
tr	O	咒语已经解除了，并且他回来了。
tr	O	她的臀部仍因他第一次的惩罚而疼痛，并且她想进入夜晚的下一个部分。
tr	O	他将目光移开，并且她看着他一会儿。
tr	I	My mind is swimming and my fingers are shaking .
tr	O	她可以在一小时内抵达华盛顿，并且有人已经改造了她来运载货物。
tr	O	他把所有事情又想了一遍，并且她耐心地等待着。
tr	O	计划上什么都没有，但是记录显示许多通道被改造成了公用设施。
tr	O	康纳的语气又平稳了，但是我不认为这是他平静下来的迹象。
tr	O	他们看起来如此虔诚，但是有些人有幽默感，另一些人有野心。
tr	I	They check on me while I 'm stuck piloting , and I usually have someone on board as a stewardess .
tr	I	Her belly tightened and her throat dried .
tr	I	I 'd sent out my radar to see how she felt and while they 'd discussed Snowball , she 'd snuggled into me .
tr	O	我可以问他这件事，但是 我非常怀疑他反正也不会告诉我。
tr	O	他显然有点吃力地跟不上，并且 他的呼吸已经很困难了。
tr	I	He takes off sprinting and his eyes widen .
tr	O	我在课上把某个笨蛋的包弄翻了，并且 我摔倒了，幸好老师接住了我。
tr	O	我不知道他有某种类型，但是 我很确定那不是我。
tr	I	David answered me anyway , but it wasn 't a question .
tr	I	Still the girl pulled at my arm , and I looked back toward my retreating fellows .
tr	O	她身材娇小，但是 她很强壮。
tr	I	Her eyes clearly glistened , apparent even in the darkness and she swallowed .
tr	O	我们在课上练习这个，并且 有时我们还会扩展到其他领域。
tr	I	It was more of a statement , but he asked .
tr	O	他没看到她做这件事，但是 他能从她的声音中听出来。
tr	I	The ball was hiked and he grinned at me .
tr	O	幻影不再存在于人身上，并且 人们也不再尖叫了。
tr	I	They matched mine and I could see her thoughts .
tr	I	We probably do it at the same time , but I 'm not sure who hangs up first .
tr	I	A glance at Star always dispelled such thoughts quickly , but at times , Winston contemplated a long jump to the flagstones below .
tr	I	I didn 't even take a breath , but she opened her mouth to plead her case .
tr	I	Besides , I could defend myself , and this loser wouldn 't try anything .
tr	I	He had a record of the necessary glass but ringing the same glazier Joan had used weeks ' earlier she found him not only remembering the apartment .
tr	I	Park benches could be seen and directly through to the other side of the building they could see a large open grassed area with huge shade trees .
tr	O	男子慢慢地站了起来，并且 尽管一名警卫将一只手坚定地放在他肩上，他也没有被强迫跪回去。
tr	O	她回拨给他，并且 他马上就接了。
tr	I	As I stand fully over him , as he lay in my shadow they open , but thus far his eyes have stayed closed .
tr	O	阳光穿透而出，并且 天空几乎没有一丝云彩。
tr	O	这很难解释，但是 萨姆唤醒了他内心沉睡已久的东西。
tr	O	散步对他有益，并且 咖啡能让他保持清醒。
tr	I	I fear my blindness is returning and my peripheral vision is obliterated by the encroaching darkness .
tr	I	Her bare foot sank into the wet carpet , and she took a tentative step forward .
tr	O	他捕捉到我扬起的眉毛，并且 他的笑容扩大了。
tr	I	The pain caused me to close my eyes and my head hurt .
tr	O	她任由一些友谊消逝，并且 结果她感到非常孤独。
tr	I	I did not see her beside me anymore and she slowed down .
tr	I	I didn 't think I had anything to worry about , but I didn 't completely trust him .
tr	I	They carried handguns and there were about twenty of them .
tr	O	这不是我想做的一切，但是 这是一个好的开始。
tr	O	她打了个响指，这吓了我一跳，并且她指向屏幕。
tr	O	他的声音充满了她的耳朵，并且起初，她听不清他说了什么。
tr	O	我哭了，并且方向盘在我们一到桥中央就向右猛转。
tr	O	他想看天空，感受风，并且他想逃跑。
tr	O	我们告诉了一些朋友，并且他们认为我们喝得太多了。
tr	O	当我移动时，我能听到同学们窃窃私语的声音，并且眼泪开始在我的眼眶里打转。
tr	I	We 're wasting time bowling , and Dracula could be getting ready to descend upon Manhattan at any moment !
tr	I	If she could feel a heart tear into shreds , hers was doing it right then , and she stole a look at him .
tr	O	她的心跳停止了，但是她却不能。
tr	O	暮色已降，并且没有了太阳的滋养，歌声越来越响，紧紧缠绕着我的骨头。
tr	I	Turning around or * * * Kylie continued to follow Della while holding an out-and-out debate in her head over the wisdom of continuing .
tr	I	They quickly fell silent , and Quinn raised a hand .
tr	O	也许那是他能接受的解释，但是我需要的比那更多。
tr	I	You will not dishonor me by evading your duties , and he is your husband now .
tr	O	也许那是温暖金色日出造成的幻觉，但是之前存在的蓝色调已经褪去了。
tr	I	You still manage to meet gorgeous women and we 're at the friggin ' North Pole .
tr	I	I 'm not sure what to do about it and I still cannot believe it .
tr	I	Edwin just didn 't swing that way , and he was a man .
tr	I	He 's right that there 's a good chance somebody 's walking by , but nobody 's in the building .
tr	O	这不是布丽埃尔习惯的事情，并且也不是她计划将来会习惯的事情。
tr	I	You said nothing , but you know it .
tr	O	她的声音变柔和了，并且她说话也慢了下来。
tr	O	后轮锁住了，并且车子打滑了。
tr	I	Now I can 't hold it back , and Desire comes over me like a hurricane .
tr	I	I smiled and Curiosity pulled at me .
tr	O	她曾要求他别管这事，并且他过去总是听她的。
tr	I	He 's watched me so much he knows my running schedule and he knew where I worked ?
tr	I	He claps slowly and I glance at Dervish .
tr	I	I don 't listen to the news , and I hate ghost stories by the campfire .
tr	O	她把那摞书放在扎克的咖啡桌上，并且他帮她把沉重的书包从肩上滑下来。
tr	I	Prominently displayed just to the left of the main entrance and the billboard was tremendous , spanning the height of the stadium .
tr	O	她瞥了一眼迈克尔，并且我记起了我的礼仪。
tr	I	It was the man Jack who was troubled , and the man Jack looked up at the stranger .
tr	O	他会心地笑了笑，仿佛他突然瞥见了我们整个未来，而且那未来令人惊叹。
tr	I	He said he just woke up inside and I asked him how he got in .
tr	I	He lowered his head and Ty 's grip tightened .
tr	I	The truth is , I don 't consider it a compliment , but I smiled in an offhand manner .
tr	O	Bonnie的笑容消失了，并且她的脸变得僵硬。
tr	I	This year was no different , and held at Athens ' most prestigious country club , the event always commanded a huge turnout .
tr	I	His hands folded and Ian was sitting on the edge of the bed with his elbows resting on his knees .
tr	I	She leaned back , and I released her .
tr	I	Their breathing was audible but the room was silent .
tr	O	这趟飞往伦敦的八小时航班还剩两小时，而且我已迫不及待想回芝加哥了。
tr	I	He offered a faint smile , taking my hands , and I looked up at Ash .
tr	O	他试图对我说些什么，但是我的叔叔打断了他。
tr	I	She had burgundy hair , and she was young , tall , toothpick thin .
tr	I	There was no end to it any time soon and the nightmare she had made for herself was getting more torturous by the second .
tr	I	He glanced at me , and his cigarette paused halfway to his mouth .
tr	I	She sat down and neither did until both Charlie .
tr	O	我本打算叫醒你，但是你看起来很需要睡觉。
tr	O	我们也许能处理所有这些，但是我对此表示怀疑。
tr	I	I went slow , watching her expression as I did it and her skin was like silk .
tr	I	I know Sofia , but Eli 's background checks have already proven this as true .
tr	I	Gray had only seconds to act , and there was no way past it .
tr	O	白色的能量灼烧着我视线的边缘，并且艾登向我展示了天堂。
tr	O	那是欲望，而且它令人陶醉。
tr	O	所有那些咆哮，再加上其他一切，都很烦人，并且我不知道我还能忍受多久。
tr	O	基思转过身，并且我跟着他出去了。
tr	I	Despite the cool water all around her , she felt very warm , and she smiled at him .
tr	I	She smelled the same pleasant scent of lilacs that she remembered from three years before , and she sprayed some on her wrist .
tr	I	He sent his boys out here to wait for me to leave , and when I came in , you made a call to Dragon .
tr	I	I 'd never even thought about what I might do in situations like this , and I 'd never taken a self-defense class before .
tr	O	他把她抱了出去，但是这次我们都跟着。
tr	I	She tried to think and tears filled her eyes .
tr	I	I down that as well , and Maryanne hands me her beer .
tr	I	The three of us approached the front door , and Noah joined us from the backseat .
tr	I	They were covered in the liquid interface but Robert tried to pick up her hands .
tr	O	门开了，并且康兰走了进来。
tr	O	约翰一直都很仁慈，直到最后，并且艾斯丽一直都非常、非常庆幸自己支持了他。
tr	I	Yours has suddenly captivated me , but I 've seen many worlds .
tr	O	她伸出手去抓里迪克的手，并且他握住了，紧紧地抓着。
tr	O	这是有餐饮服务的，但是她正在向捐助者隐瞒这一事实，让我把预先煮好、重新加热的食物端出去。
tr	I	I had no doubt in my mind that it would go smoothly , and I really needed that job .
tr	O	他恳求他们让他的女儿复活，并且当那没有奏效时，他提出要付钱给他们。
tr	O	那不人道的守卫以一种突然、蜿蜒的优雅滑向前，并且一只长臂闪电般伸出，抓住了塔维的手腕。
tr	O	未成年人不允许操作机器，但是你在楼上组装方面能帮很多忙。
tr	O	他能让我留下，并且我却拼命想走。
tr	I	I didn 't know how fine , but I knew he was fine .
tr	I	I 'd rather sacrifice my happiness than compromise her safety , but I know once I leave I 've more than likely lost her forever .
tr	I	I half turned to him , not understanding who he was talking to and Lucan said quietly .
tr	I	For once she stands up for herself , and she sees the disgust on my face .
tr	O	卡拉笑了，并且梅拉妮微笑了。
tr	O	她看着他脸颊上仅有的一点血色褪去，并且他的喉结缓慢地上下移动。
tr	I	He would use that strength against her , but he was strong .
tr	I	I was relieved to see him relax a little and Harry , still standing , finally sat back down .
tr	I	He was long gone but she licked her lips , pretending she could still taste Johnnie .
tr	I	She was a business major and he was majoring in IT .
tr	O	他想让这段与他妹妹的关系维系下去，但是如果她在背后给他惹麻烦，那对他来说就不公平。
tr	I	He told himself to get a grip and his body stirred in reaction .
tr	I	The prospect of backtracking sickened her , but she thought about returning to find a candle .
tr	I	The width of his chest gave it weight , but his voice did not have the depth of Doyle 's .
tr	O	她对这一切只有一个回应，并且她把嘴从他身上挪开，喊了出来。
tr	I	There 's no god here on our side who 's going to give us a free pass and they don 't want you to leave .
tr	O	他顽皮地笑了，并且我回以一笑。
tr	O	她抽回了手，并且我只抓到了空气。
tr	I	They sought for his hiding place , and then the Valar knew indeed that Melkor was at work again .
tr	I	To his shock , the gun dropped into Josef 's palm and the drunk extended his arm .
tr	I	We run out of water and the afternoon passes quickly .
tr	I	He wasn 't using them against her , but she shivered at how much she 'd revealed to him about her insecurities .
tr	I	I can feel it 's more like a wobble , but I just nod my head .
tr	I	He had a small army , but I defeated the last one .
tr	I	You deserve that , and you 're a great person .
tr	I	She doesn 't complain about the pain , but she screws her face into some interesting expressions .
tr	I	That wasn 't the case , but Cambria had always imagined elaborate planning on board such a flight into combat .
tr	O	我朝他肩膀打了一拳，但是我很满意他的话。
tr	O	我会咨询委员会，并且他们会决定如何处理你的团队。
tr	O	那个女孩再次握住了他的手，并且他第一次仔细地看着她。
tr	O	没有人受伤，并且火也没有蔓延。
tr	I	She forced her mind to pay attention to it and the wedding ceremony started .
tr	I	His index finger slid inside of her , and his hand slid under her body .
tr	I	He ate reflexively and I laid some dinner in front of him .
tr	O	他耳语道，并且他感受到了她听到他声音时那美妙的颤抖。
tr	I	You 'll have an Eminem video and all you have to do is make fun of Michael Jackson .
tr	O	他没有得到答复，但是他也没有指望得到一个。
tr	O	稍加努力，门上的横杆就被移除了，大门也被拉开，朝向我们。
tr	O	她很恼火，因为这不仅在欧文面前很丢人，而且她还是一个该死的训狗师。
tr	O	希望索赔能蒙混过关，但是如果不能蒙混过关，她就会有更大的麻烦。
tr	I	She wasn 't sure why , but Marguerite felt Wren tense around her .
tr	O	他的笑容依旧，但是他的眼神却很犀利。
tr	I	He could feel the sobs wracking her frame , and her clenched fist was at her mouth .
tr	O	布雷迪把这当作詹姆斯在开玩笑而一笑了之，而且我的脸因尴尬而发烫。
tr	I	At the same time she wanted to be found , but that would be embarrassing .
tr	I	I knew it had to look perfect , because it just felt right and it felt perfect .
tr	I	How to catch the food he needed , and he learned the art of stealth , how to be invisible .
tr	O	等我们把全部十三只蹄铁都钉到木板上并把马匹牵回马厩过夜时，天色已经很晚了。
tr	I	She wasn 't much of a shopper , and her father didn 't buy her gifts .
tr	I	I wish he 'd start succeeding , but I suppose he tries hard .
tr	O	病痛过去了，而且我把它从脑海中抹去。
tr	O	他知道它有四条边，而且他能看到全部八条。
tr	I	He backs away and his shoulders slump .
tr	O	他等了一分钟，而且我看到年轻人们都缩成一团。
tr	I	He was stretched to the limit , and the flu bug had hit his department hard .
tr	I	They would be dangerous , and it made sense I would be involved with demons too .
tr	O	他们的目光相遇了，并且谢丽丹感到胸口一紧。
tr	O	他的目光扫过黑暗，并且他注意到了一些东西。
tr	I	It was Maryanne who answered , but the question seemed to be directed at Nolan .
tr	O	我以为这几天我的愤怒已经消退成悲伤了，但是杰克逊的话却让我的怒火冲到了最前沿。
tr	I	His eyes narrowed as he surveyed me again , with a pleased smile on his face and his voice was throaty .
tr	I	There was no sign of her , but I scanned the crowd around us .
tr	O	亨利握着我的手更紧了，并且我继续说着。
tr	O	她试图理清头绪，但是她的思维却感到迟钝，就像一堆堵塞的齿轮。
tr	I	She did not hear what he said , but Charlie stepped out after her , shouting .
tr	I	It wasn 't that way now , but until recently , her job had been all-consuming .
tr	O	他假装是人类，但是他实际上是个丑陋的怪物。
tr	I	Today he was glad for the diversion , but he normally cut Phil off right away .
tr	I	Her pulse leaped as his fingers grazed her neck and he tucked a piece of hair behind her ear .
tr	O	我有和内特在一起的记忆，但是我却并没有真正的时间观念。
tr	O	也许杰克逊一直说的是实话，并且他只是想从克莱尔那里得到答案。
tr	O	球离开了他的手指，腾空而起，并且有一瞬间我以为它永远不会落下来。
tr	I	The man didn 't look too pleased about it but Anna couldn 't hear what was being said .
tr	O	我或许无法避免受到伤害，但是我有足够的掌控力为自己做出选择。
tr	O	我有一大笔钱，机会无处不在，而且我仍然失败了。
tr	I	The doctors wanted to keep him in the hospital a couple extra days to monitor him and he had spiked a high fever .
tr	I	Preston jumped in , but I opened my mouth to speak .
tr	O	他的双手再次落在她的肩上，并且他轻柔地将她转到自己怀里。
tr	O	是的，我犯了错，但是他反应过度了。
tr	I	I smiled softly at her reaction to her own name and the look made her even cuter .
tr	I	He 'd seen thousands of years of human barbarism , but the difference in how the scene would appear was subtle .
tr	I	I was sweating like a dog , and fighting a berserker was tough work .
tr	O	我本以为那很有趣，但是我肯定错过了我母亲紧张时嘴唇紧抿的样子。
tr	O	那头公牛猛地踢跳，接着便旋转起来，而且我被抛得那么高，以至于我可能在空中停留了八秒钟。
tr	I	I do not have long , and the bells are tolling .
tr	O	是迈克，而且他显得很担心。
tr	I	A soothing warmth moved through me , and I took another drink of it .
tr	I	Margaret instantly liked her and Delilah was a strong , assertive woman .
tr	O	她环顾四周，并且萨姆不见了。
tr	O	他很想告诉她这些，但是这次谈话最好私下进行。
tr	I	The resin was rock-hard and the seal looked strong .
tr	I	It smashed against the side of the home about a foot from the thief 's head , and Abraham threw the brick again , harder this time .
tr	O	他点击了历史按钮，并且出现了一张马里兰州的地图。
tr	O	她只告诉了我莉莉丝正在寻找的物品名称，而且即使那时我也没听清楚她说的。
tr	O	他背对着我，但是他头发那出众的颜色很容易辨认。
tr	O	奥利小跑过去迎接他，并且他在我的狗头上拍了一下。
tr	O	看起来她正在改过自新，并且我能够为送走她找到理由。
tr	I	I would never cheat on him , and I did have Henry though .
tr	O	埃维轻推我的腿，把我从恍惚中惊醒，并且我才意识到我还没有对他说过一句话。
tr	O	真正的神学思辨丝毫不亚于发明新型金融衍生品那样艰难和严苛。
tr	I	Cain 's vow forced his hand , and Rory 's life was at stake as long as the demon lived .
tr	I	He makes kissing sounds , and Big D puckers up .
tr	I	I had heard enough to understand it , but Raziel never got to finish explaining his plan .
tr	I	He barely knew the woman , but he wanted to know , needed to know .
tr	O	我迅速地搜寻他，但是他已经推开旋转门了。
tr	O	一个微笑不应将一股令人不安的能量流直接传导给她，但是它却做到了。
tr	I	It was important to her to have that and they were very close .
tr	I	She couldn 't hold back the sob , and she couldn 't help the tears that flooded her eyes .
tr	O	她的双肩不再紧绷，并且她试探性地对他微笑。
tr	O	她对此表示怀疑，但是她又能做什么呢？
tr	I	He was still conscious , but a gash in his side bled heavily .
tr	O	劳拉不想待在楼梯上，但是她没有多少反抗的余地。
tr	I	She glared over at Eric , but Nell let Iona go .
tr	O	那甚至连一半都没说到，但是其他人都会明白我的意思。
tr	I	Then start running , if she got the chance , and she mentally prepared herself to hit the ground .
tr	O	我在那里待了三天，并且我费尽全力才得以离开。
tr	O	他的世界正在崩溃，并且一把枪正对着他的后脑勺。
tr	O	瑞安脸色苍白，但是他已经停止咳血了。
tr	O	他以为他能战胜正朝我们袭来的风暴系统，但是他没能做到。
tr	O	她的手击中了那个块头最大的男人的下巴，并且他侧翻在地。
tr	O	一对夫妇交换了会意的眼神，并且我能看到他们脸上有一丝愧疚。
tr	O	她点了点头，但是唯一进入她脑海的是他要她离开。
tr	O	我很确定他不是这个意思，但是我必须保护爸爸。
tr	O	我们不认识他们，并且他们也不认识我们。
tr	I	It will be difficult for you to convince me that it is justified , and the suspension seems very harsh .
tr	I	Vel can patch into other units from this location , but these cameras are tuned to a little-used tube station .
tr	I	It 's been expunged , but I did time I shouldn 't have for a conviction that shouldn 't have happened .
tr	O	她的身体如此虚弱，但是她的思想却出奇地敏锐。
tr	I	The pioneers continued onward towards the west coast and all in all , the spread was contained .
tr	O	我们认为她的身体仍然有脑部活动，并且那就是为什么没有人拔掉她的生命维持器。
tr	O	你在迪士尼乐园遇到了爸爸，并且那真是太神奇了。
tr	I	All would have been lost , and if I had said more , they would have detected me .
tr	O	你昨晚非常抱歉，并且现在你几乎不跟我说话了。
tr	O	我用头示意她离开，并且她停顿了一秒，然后才慢慢走过来。
tr	I	I hid your participation in as much paperwork as I could , but I convinced the QT directors we needed to continue the drug research .
tr	I	More importantly , you saved the lives of your friends , and your heroism saved the Legion from getting some important information .
tr	O	她说这话时，眼睛再次瞥向我的，并且我那时就能看出来，她也相信了。
tr	I	Oliver was enjoying himself immensely , and it was a beautiful party .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure where I was , and when I woke up for real , I got scared because I didn 't remember what happened .
tr	I	He didn 't remove it but I eyed it with disdain .
tr	I	Dean jumped out first , helping me onto the sidewalk and the car slowed .
tr	O	他持有相当于美国上校的军衔，并且他的名牌上写着“张”。
tr	I	They found themselves travelling up a gentle incline and late in the afternoon the ground rose slightly .
tr	O	上面有字迹与信封上的字迹吻合，但是却没有清单。
tr	O	你曾是一个了不起的女孩，并且你是一个了不起的女人。
tr	I	Talon suggested they remain in the city until morning , and it was late in the day , nearly dark .
tr	I	He certainly shouldn 't be thinking about condoms , and he shouldn 't be caressing her breasts .
tr	I	Her shoulder knocked against a plant stand near the dining room door , and the force sent her sprawling across the hall .
tr	O	队伍比我预想的移动得快，并且突然就轮到我了。
tr	I	With smoke billowing past , nothing is recognizable , but I know this territory as well as I know Clara 's face .
tr	O	我整晚没睡，因为她不在我身边，并且我想念她了。
tr	O	乔妮舌头尝到了砂纸的味道，并且一层棉膜覆盖了她的口腔。
tr	I	The car roared to life , and I touched the wires together .
tr	O	克莱为只有一个而大大松了口气，但是这种解脱是暂时的。
tr	O	莉亚想起了她真正擅长的一件事，并且报酬也很丰厚。
tr	I	His tail was high and his ears were flat .
tr	I	It had deep pools , but the stream was only a few feet wide .
tr	I	They were caught lingering at the window in the attic space , but it wasn 't very big so it didn 't take long .
tr	O	鲁迪挂了电话，但是塞尔吉还在滔滔不绝地抱怨。
tr	O	她把裙子塞到腿下，并且我瞥见了一小片她穿着的黑色蕾丝内裤。
tr	I	Their fullness resonated to the interior of James , and these places were full .
tr	I	Todd laughed , too , and Jack chuckled to himself .
tr	I	She 'd had a recent call that Elizabeth must have answered , and there were several missed calls from Randy .
tr	I	I couldn 't shoot any magic and I didn 't have any spells on me .
tr	O	这不是一管新的化学品，并且剩下的量也不太够做好工作。
tr	O	弗拉德把我逼到了绝境，并且我们俩都知道这一点。
tr	O	他看起来很可疑，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	他呼吸着，伸手抚摸她的脸，并且她似乎不介意他的手指沾满了泥土。
tr	O	他们花了一段时间才做这件事，并且他们随后就放弃了。
tr	O	然后他对我笑了，并且我胸口中心紧绷的感觉也稍微放松了一些。
tr	I	They would be warm in the winter , but Privacy would be lacking .
tr	I	In his arms , she finally felt safe , and not since she was a child had someone made her feel protected .
tr	O	那里有很多事要做，并且反正它在白垩层也没有得到多少庆祝。
tr	O	我们向珍道别了，并且凯蒂领我往大厅深处走去。
tr	O	他感觉不到孤独，但是他确实感到了寂寞。
tr	O	它没有，而且他不喜欢他得出的结论。
tr	I	She was discovering that she liked it , and the sensation of being fussed over by a protective male was entirely new to her .
tr	I	There was no way to turn my body , but maybe it was down by my feet .
tr	O	他感觉到身体发热，刺痛，并且当他集中注意力时，他感觉到有事情正在发生。
tr	O	她为他们选择了生命，并且她将自己永远交到他手中，信任着他。
tr	I	The sun is out , but there will be no rain .
tr	O	我非常想念你，但是我正在处理它。
tr	O	恐慌仍在我的胸中震颤，但是它不再令人麻痹。
tr	O	伊丽莎白开始出汗，并且汗水顺着她的乳房之间流淌下来。
tr	O	当我把运动衫扔向西奥时，两个小物件从运动衫上掉了下来，并且我弯腰去捡它们。
tr	I	I graciously opened the door for her , and we approached the limo .
tr	O	他自己的人脉要广泛得多，并且他会毫不犹豫地利用它们。
tr	I	He knows I love him and Ryan knows I miss you .
tr	I	I don 't come out from behind her , and I don 't let go of Tequila 's halter .
tr	I	Her father touched her forearm , but Aria opened her door as well .
tr	I	Somehow he made it work , but she wasn 't sure how he was able to use email in prison .
tr	O	安迪比我大，并且我二十六岁。
tr	O	丹尼周日一大早被麦克斯叫出去了，并且我们利用那段时间依偎在沙发上。
tr	I	I gasped , and he withdrew a weird-looking gun from his side .
tr	O	她以前常常带我一起去拜访她的男朋友们，或者她会邀请他们到我们家来住。
tr	O	它的双脚液化成了一滩水，但是它并没有就此停止。
tr	I	Ivan was kept in trim by the two shuttles on her sides and the first cube was floating with a long cord attached to Ivan .
tr	I	Neither were any of his people , and he was not to be bothered .
tr	O	市长确信仓库里有个大问题，并且我们是解决方案的一部分。
tr	I	I brushed it aside , but I felt a pang of disappointment .
tr	I	I wasn 't raised here , but I 'm biologically the oldest .
tr	I	I felt good , but I was shivering by that time .
tr	O	我的车停在车道上，并且我的钥匙就在这里，在厨房里。
tr	O	这个问题让我很尴尬，但是我还是问了。
tr	I	I couldn 't blink , but my eyes were open .
tr	O	他的眼睛鼓了起来，并且他头晕目眩。
tr	O	她不想生活在那个世界里，但是她也不想离开她藏起来的商品。
tr	I	If I moved back I was admitting defeat , but it was almost as if I 'd fought all my life to be independent .
tr	O	她顺手把我的肩膀撞在了门框上，使我疼得皱眉，但是她甚至没有回头。
tr	O	这仍然是一个出人意料的选择，但是莎亚看起来很自信。
tr	O	我对她没有任何权利，但是感觉她就是我的。
tr	O	雷并不知道他正被监视，并且如果他每周都在增加他的宝藏，那么就不急了。
tr	I	Friendliness she 'd find were she to stay in this small town and she had a hunch this was just the beginning of the gossip .
tr	O	我等着牧师纠正他的混淆，但是他却从未纠正。
tr	O	贾斯珀会保护维罗妮卡，并且冈纳会找到枪手。
tr	O	托尼被困在这个粗鲁的男人体内，但是那不是他。
tr	O	我环顾四周，并且他们看起来都准备好了。
tr	I	My vision blurred again , and his eyes bored into mine .
tr	I	After a few moments , the three began the unhurried return to the barn ; and Adele waved to them .
tr	I	That somehow kept Austin calm too , and he seemed oddly calm .
tr	O	他的话深深触动了我，并且我舔了舔我干裂的嘴唇。
tr	O	我听说安娜贝尔被带走了，并且他们现在经常把囚犯带到那里。
tr	O	它直接转化为力量，并且力量总是令人信服的，尤其是当它以克洛伊·哈珀这样出人意料的形式出现时。
tr	I	I refused to cry out , but I grimaced at the pain .
tr	O	她脸颊上出现了粉红色的斑点，让她看起来像发烧了，并且她似乎费尽了所有力气才保持直立。
tr	O	我的驾驶员侧窗传来敲门声，并且我差点吓得跳起来。
tr	O	那些话语就在那里，但是它们毫无意义。
tr	O	我们得报警，那是千真万确的，但是 我首先想找到爱丽丝。
tr	O	他们不喜欢被召唤，并且 他们不喜欢听从命令。
tr	O	她知道，并且 当他的目光与她的相遇时，她毫不怀疑他也知道。
tr	I	She dumped her rocks in it , and soon that joined her collection too .
tr	I	She moaned hard , and he dipped again , his lips still against hers .
tr	O	爸爸张开了嘴巴，但是 当然他被妈妈的咒语束缚着，无法说话。
tr	O	救援行动将不得不取消，并且 现在他们不可能找到孩子们了。
tr	I	Donovan wasn 't just saying that because they were his and there wasn 't another family in the world like them .
tr	O	他们找个黑暗的地方，并且 他们等你。
tr	I	His nostrils filled with the scent of rain and he breathed in .
tr	O	弗格斯有点不同，也有天赋，但是 有点像一个有多动症的孩子。
tr	I	Many died and Blood flowed .
tr	O	那意味着我可以把卢卡斯抱在怀里，并且 我们可以分享我们清醒时无法得到的一切。
tr	I	Sarah cupped his homely face in her hands , scratched behind his shapeless ears , and the dog trotted over to the steps .
tr	I	It might as well be a thousand miles away , but I 'm lucky in that Winchester is so close .
tr	I	Leah felt a rush as her mind slammed into the figures , and he exhaled heavily .
tr	O	盖奇在她身旁呻吟，但是她没有把目光从球场上移开。
tr	O	贾斯汀想继续生杰德的气，但是他知道杰德是对的。
tr	O	我们同时到达了终点线，并且我忍不住发出了巨大的愉悦呻吟声。
tr	O	另一套是玫瑰石英做的，并且还有一套是海蓝宝做的。
tr	O	他的手似乎在发光，并且我以为我的脑子在捉弄我。
tr	I	He was fighting to control it and there was anger in his eyes .
tr	O	他们饮下勒特河的水，并且他们的凡俗记忆便会消失。
tr	O	我想从他身边退开，但是我无处可去。
tr	O	贾里德不喜欢这个计划，但是他同意了。
tr	O	特伦顿丝毫没有被吓倒，但是我内心深处仍在退缩。
tr	O	那就轮到我们搬小方块了，并且我们的谈话在我们工作时安静了下来。
tr	I	She stopped breathing and their eyes met .
tr	I	There 's no way Riley 's swinging by to say hello after what I 've done to her , and we didn 't order any food .
tr	I	I am John , and this is Ben .
tr	O	大厅里只有几个仆人，但是宏伟的弧形楼梯却挤满了人。
tr	O	苏珊正在笑，并且阿尔西娅高兴得欣喜若狂。
tr	I	I glared up at his face and his fingers dug into my skin .
tr	I	Certainly not enough to abort the mission , but he had pain .
tr	I	They went inside and he probably got distracted .
tr	O	她为未能到场而道歉，但是她提供了恰到好处的安慰话语。
tr	I	She had always wanted to feel if he was as strong as he looked , and he had a solid contact .
tr	O	他把袋子放在柜台上，并且她几乎是撕开它的，因为她急切地想看看里面有什么。
tr	I	His anger swept over the country , and Isaac obviously discovered her absence .
tr	O	它让你感到快乐，并且它让你感到充实。
tr	I	She puts us in a small room off to the right and I lead the way over to the nurse .
tr	O	他的声音很微弱，并且说话显然耗尽了他仅存的一点点力气。
tr	I	He sat with his back to Sarah and his voice was low .
tr	O	幸好Ryder召集了他的乐队，并且他们去制作音乐了。
tr	O	她知道他做过多次手术，但是那不是他会讨论的事情。
tr	O	她说了一些关于我保守秘密的事情，并且我会把他输给他们。
tr	O	窗户摇了下来，并且Jason Rosser往外看。
tr	O	她迈出一步，试图让“我不能”这几个字说出来，但是它们就是说不出来。
tr	I	He realized how uncomfortable this conversation was making her and she fidgeted .
tr	I	I would be worthless by the end of it , but one month was the accepted science .
tr	I	I almost wish they would and a savage glee seizes me .
tr	O	我无法想象帽子下面实际能装下比手枪更大的东西，但是我愿意看着他尝试。
tr	O	当然，我们几乎一无所有，但是我们拥有彼此。
tr	O	他看着她听餐桌上的谈话，对男人们甜美地笑着，并且另一种情绪涌上心头。
tr	O	种植者们哭了，但是这次，他们中没有人逃跑。
tr	O	她长得和比阿特丽斯·戈德温一模一样，并且伯恩夫人会在瞬间注意到这一点。
tr	O	本伸出了手，但是她反而抱住了他。
tr	I	A high beep sounded , and a green light flashed .
tr	I	He hung his head , apologising to them as he walked through and walking back towards The Dominion , he passed the crowd again .
tr	O	他试图推开那只狗，但是那只动物却咆哮着，露出了牙齿。
tr	O	马克斯瘫倒在他破旧的沙发上，并且我爬进他的怀里。
tr	I	You need to figure it out and there is something between you two .
tr	O	我拿出地图，并且戴恩拿着追踪设备。
tr	I	You 're in us and we 're in you .
tr	O	亚当只是点点头，但是她看到他也害怕——现在害怕他们两个人。
tr	I	I knew what he was doing , but his thoughts were difficult to read , mostly in Swedish .
tr	O	那很微弱，但是他却在空气中闻到了瑞秋的气味。
tr	O	他朝我走了两步，并且随着他靠近我的内心颤抖起来。
tr	O	德鲁回到了那只在烈日下呈暗红色的寂静红兽旁，并且他以某种祈祷的姿势跪了下来。
tr	O	他那只好的眼睛变得呆滞无神，并且它慢慢合上了。
tr	I	Jeremy most likely would be a lost cause and Skylar would be extremely difficult to save .
tr	I	He held back , but she wanted the relationship to develop into something more .
tr	I	The graveyard was chock-full of tombs , and the moon shadowed more than illuminated .
tr	O	拉贾摇晃着门把手，但是门是锁着的。
tr	I	He could tell , and I had changed in the last months .
tr	O	卡努特在她身后咆哮，并且达格玛转过身，举起了手。
tr	I	Today was a special opportunity to share the moment , and he always looked forward to his first sight of the camp .
tr	O	也许那是凯莉的想象，但是她几乎能从这里听到那些声音。
tr	O	他头顶的皮肤正在剥落，并且疮疤点缀着他的脸。
tr	O	我刚刚做得太多了，并且我已精疲力尽。
tr	O	我如此确定他会再次生气，并且他会把自己锁起来，不和任何人说话。
tr	O	他们可能在讨论加拿大雁的迁徙习性，并且贾斯敏总会以某种方式把这个话题和她的亚当叔叔联系起来。
tr	O	他走近时又叫了一声，但是仍然没有回应。
tr	I	Mairi also knew that such anger only hurt Damen more than it did Esther , but the anger was well-deserved .
tr	I	Now he turned to look at her , and Barnard had been staring out the window .
tr	O	我拽了拽我的手，并且他终于放开了。
tr	O	它合身舒适，但是稍微在心里想象一下拉伸布料，就能让它完美地适合他。
tr	I	She was biding her time , but Susannah hadn 't brought up the subject of assisted living since this morning .
tr	O	矮人包围了他，并且他用闪电攻击他们。
tr	I	Oh , her lips parted with her sigh and she lowered her mouth to his .
tr	O	他所有的恐惧都消失了，并且他语气中的坚定让导演们震惊不已。
tr	I	He stares at the pool thoughtfully and Quinn rocks back on his heels .
tr	I	We 'd be there in plenty of time and it was an early morning flight back to Chicago .
tr	I	Raven finally put down her magazine , and I cleared my throat .
tr	I	He was only attuned to Mandy 's constant pulse , but waves calmed in the manner of blips on a heart monitor .
tr	I	I 'm okay with that , and you couldn 't accept me for who I am .
tr	I	I thought it was a really good question , and mom asked .
tr	O	她焦躁不安的走动使她撞上了费罗斯，或者也许是他挡在了她前面。
tr	I	It does , but it shouldn 't matter .
tr	O	他的母亲也曾试图让克里斯离开，但是出于一个明显的原因，他留下来和沃尔夫在一起了。
tr	I	Flung his top half out the window and he shoved another clip into his gun .
tr	I	We had become de facto partners , but it was not that I 'd expected a teary goodbye .
tr	I	I turned back , looking over my shoulder at the parking lot and a strange feeling crept its way up the back of my neck .
tr	I	Mary gasped , and quickly the silver left her skin .
tr	O	道格张开了嘴，无疑是要评论那不可能的事情，但是我举起了一只手阻止了他。
tr	O	他从未去过那里，并且那里很暗。
tr	O	你就像是特雷斯和我从未有过的弟弟。
tr	O	我跳向她，并且她调皮地退了回去。
tr	I	A politico was something few famous killers had ever been able to accomplish in a lifetime , much less one day and murdering a famous athlete .
tr	O	她的眼睛现在很清澈，并且当她凝视着我的眼睛时，我想到她有多美。
tr	I	She was doubled over and there were tears coming out of her eyes .
tr	I	Large lock clasped at the center , but large chains staked into the stone walls bar entry , each of the strands held together by a simple .
tr	I	This was not even quality wool , and it itched like crazy .
tr	O	黑色的眼睛带着怒容瞥向我，并且我的手立刻缩了回来。
tr	I	For her , it wasn 't like Gary was around to impress , and I didn 't see any reason to make sure my hair looked perfect .
tr	I	The truth was that Noah could be the cure for my addiction , but I 'd thought he could help me find a cure for alcoholism .
tr	I	She couldn 't do this , but once again , he had a point .
tr	O	她曾以为内特回到她生活中之前她是快乐的，但是她大错特错了。
tr	O	我想在所有的混乱中很难瞄准，并且我试图把哈特推开。
tr	I	We love strongly and we fight strongly .
tr	O	他领我到桌子旁，并且我倒在其中一张硬椅子上。
tr	I	Her silence was deafening and Claire didn 't reply .
tr	I	It only accentuated her beauty , and I had no idea someone could be that flexible .
tr	O	就在那时布里克吃完了豆子，并且他笑了。
tr	I	The only item in the kit we can use are some butterfly stitches , and Henderson 's head needs stitches .
tr	I	She could see through me and I had so many questions .
tr	O	有时贝壳会是装饰品，并且其他时候它们会成为城堡的居民。
tr	I	We can go somewhere else , or you can take me there .
tr	O	石头太烫了我的手都熔合在一起了，并且我无法把它拿出来。
tr	O	我不仅不是他的朋友，但是我也从未听说过鲍勃·罗素这个人。
tr	O	杰克知道他无法说服这个人，并且他感觉时间不多了。
tr	O	阿德里安声称两个女孩都在假装对他的感情，并且我甚至无法开始理清这一切。
tr	O	如果真有初吻的完美时刻，那就是现在了，并且她知道。
tr	O	一个四处受人追逐的男人，但是他并没有行善，反而大肆破坏。
tr	O	我们已经搜遍了那个小村庄的每一寸土地，并且没有人找到任何像是线索的东西。
tr	I	I didn 't care , but my lower lip must have been poking out so much people were likely to trip over it .
tr	I	I was wearing a cotton warm up suit over my swimming trunks and it was a bit chilly .
tr	O	一股力量存在着，让他双脚牢牢踩在地面上，但是他之前已经多次经历过这种不自然的重力。
tr	O	肖恩的下巴掉得更开了，并且他的肩膀继续颤抖。
tr	O	这是他第一次说出这些话，并且这让瓦莱丽措手不及。
tr	I	We will look after it for her until she tells me otherwise , and it is a very large amount .
tr	O	冬季暴风雪让卡车外的一切都如此安静，但是当我们爬回车里时，情况却截然不同。
tr	I	The other guard shook his head , and one guard softly chuckled .
tr	I	Mother gasps , squeezing my hand even tighter , and there 's another crash .
tr	O	她知道她不应该偷听他们，但是听起来他们似乎在争论她。
tr	O	她体贴的关心只换来一声咕哝，并且她咧嘴一笑，拍了拍他的背，然后走向门口。
tr	O	他昨天就说过类似的话了，当时她父母在吃午饭并且他们有几分钟独处的时间。
tr	I	She still wears her harness but Finn has unfastened the cart .
tr	I	Blood began to flow from two slim , shallow cuts running across my palms , and Pain slashed both my hands .
tr	I	I pulled myself up out of my chair , and my voice started rising .
tr	O	阵阵颤抖如波浪般席卷他全身，并且我几乎能感觉到受损细胞的修复，令他痛苦。
tr	I	He was pretty sure this would work , but he didn 't have a knife handy .
tr	I	Being dead , they hardly counted anymore , but statues of my ancestors made an even row to my left .
tr	I	Her nails bit deep , and a small scream escaped .
tr	I	They still have him or he 's either dead .
tr	O	那个念头让我联想到了奥伯龙，并且她容貌在我身上施下的炫目魔咒破碎了。
tr	I	A burly , menacing figure entered with a torch , and the heavy stone door opened .
tr	O	我当时读六年级，并且她处境的严重性尚未被我十二岁的大脑理解。
tr	O	我不知道你是怎么找到我的，但是我必须确保你不会再做一次。
tr	I	I dove into the sea and one step up to the rail .
tr	I	We aren 't going to find one in the middle of the Martin 's field but I do need a doctor .
tr	I	I try widening my eyes at them letting them know to chill out and they both squelch a laugh .
tr	I	I risk too much if I tell my parents the truth , but I 'm not sure how much more my body can take .
tr	O	这男人帅呆了，所以我情不自禁，并且我也不是唯一一个。
tr	O	她又试图挣脱他，但是他拒绝放开她，因为他把她又拉近了一点。
tr	I	She couldn 't feel pain at that moment with the amount of adrenaline pumping steadily through her body but they were cut up pretty bad .
tr	O	他深情地抚摸她的背，并且玛迪闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	他的车是停车场里唯一的一辆，但是小屋里亮着灯。
tr	O	他的嘴里说着话，但是我的脑海里几乎没有印象。
tr	O	他穿着一双深色的跑鞋，并且她注意到背包的深色背带挂在他的宽阔肩膀上。
tr	O	凯莉想帮助她，但是霍利迪坚持要一个人呆着。
tr	I	I could tell the man was handsome in some respect , but maybe it was simple editing on my part .
tr	I	We had to shut our bedroom window and George was most indignant when the weather turned cold in November .
tr	I	There was no way to escape , and that pain was like fire .
tr	I	I can 't tear my eyes away from the lush pinkness of her lips , but she keeps talking .
tr	I	She peered through the lens , careful not to touch anything and I moved away .
tr	I	I wanted out , but I wasn 't sure what twilight zone I 'd found myself in .
tr	O	他在和我说话，但是他盯着塔利斯。
tr	O	直升机载着我们飞过了一个奶牛场，并且爆炸把我们直接抛到了池塘上方。
tr	O	她掀起我衬衫的下摆，并且她的手指滑过我的肚子。
tr	O	她没有回应，但是她开始在我身上沉下去。
tr	I	A careful scan of the street did not suggest that there was any surveillance , and there were no pedestrians on this side of the hotel .
tr	O	刺激消失了，但是那种冲动在他心中仍然很强烈。
tr	I	Blindly ran up the stairs to her room , and Sakura wasn 't listening to him , however .
tr	O	她有她的骄傲，但是她并非一个彻底的傻瓜。
tr	I	I start classes next quarter , and I needed a vehicle because I transferred to Stanford .
tr	I	He could hear it being locked again , and the guards left him , walking out of the door .
tr	I	My lips tingled , and as I watched them , heat spread across my face .
tr	O	海伦可能已经戒酒了，但是杰伊还没有。
tr	I	This time I resolved not to trip on the bucket , but the closet was exactly the same as it was before .
tr	I	Her face looks red in the dim porch light , but she has to be cold .
tr	I	It made Romans feel like they had two mornings a day and true , it was right after the siesta .
tr	I	The extra weight is all they see and I know that people look at me .
tr	O	有些人认为他一定是太监，但是他把这种猜测当作闲言碎语一笑置之。
tr	O	我走进房间时没有人注意我，房间里弥漫着大麻烟雾，并且那气味让我的鼻孔发烫。
tr	O	他知道她的家人正密切关注着他们，但是他不在乎别人怎么想。
tr	O	莫蒂默的黑眼睛瞟向我，并且他懒得隐藏那抹坏笑。
tr	O	我说科迪是我们的儿子，并且他确实是，在所有重要方面。
tr	I	She jolted at his invasion , trying to accommodate his size and he thrust deeply .
tr	O	他们已经和警察简短交谈过，但是他们得到的结果只是关于如何更好地看管女儿的严厉训斥。
tr	I	The next instant the breeze fluttered hair instead of fur , and this time , I lifted my nose to the sky .
tr	I	If it was true , he was going to have his hands full , but I wasn 't sure .
tr	I	The room was considerably cooler and the air conditioning had resumed .
tr	O	星期五傍晚，朱莉飘进了前门，发现她妈妈还在熬夜看电视。
tr	I	Fresh meat was definitely a plus , but werewolves didn 't need to eat other animals .
tr	O	露丝走到外面去调查，并且我记得抓住她的手，把她拖到房子中央的浴室里。
tr	I	Neither did he say a single word , and he didn 't try to stop me .
tr	I	One of the most interesting was called Star Trek , and I 've studied the time period 's speculative fiction .
tr	O	她没想到会有如此强大的拉力，并且她向前跌倒，差点把他撞倒。
tr	O	吸血鬼无法改变，然而卢卡斯现在却是人类。
tr	I	They would survive , but the men were wounded .
tr	I	He fell the rest of the way forward , and a sharp , agonizing lance bowed his back .
tr	I	I begin to trail back and soon my injuries start to get the better of me .
tr	O	然后她退开了，并且与她的联系也随之消失。
tr	O	诚然那是一种糟糕而寒冷的存在，但是它比替代方案好得多。
tr	O	我感到空虚，但是他们看起来很正常。
tr	O	我没有足够的工作量供一个全职人员，但是有个兼职助手会很愉快。
tr	I	It appeared she was having some kind of inner debate and her smile fell away .
tr	O	我对她笑了笑，并且她回以微笑，接着就溜走了。
tr	I	I go down for breakfast and eventually it wakes me up .
tr	I	It wouldn 't look good if I had to do that after only the second payment , but I could always go back to request an extension .
tr	I	You keep it covered up all the time and you don 't let it slow you down .
tr	I	I just wanted to scream and the fear inside me seized up all of my muscles .
tr	O	门把手转动了，并且他进去了。
tr	I	When I waken , all I see are the doors closed between us , but when I close my eyes , I can imagine it .
tr	O	它似乎不仅是空的，而且有人把内部拆得差不多了。
tr	I	She refused to apologize , but her eyes fell to her lap as she fingered her napkin .
tr	O	他突然放开了我，并且有一秒钟我以为他要妥协了。
tr	O	那些堆积物还在原地，但是外面的噪音明显比昨天大声。
tr	O	我就不会被看到，并且照片就不会被拍下来。
tr	I	It did nothing to Mac , but maybe it hurt other humans .
tr	O	我想把我的手提箱留在外面作为无声的抗议，但是最终决定已经做出。
tr	O	几分钟后，我听到他哼着歌，并且我听他唱歌。
tr	O	他迅速射出了接下来的两支飞镖，并且火枪手们都倒下了。
tr	I	The tears streamed down my face as I fled down the hall to my bedroom , and my voice broke .
tr	I	The full weight of what I 'd done hit me , and Dorian had said demon summoning was hard .
tr	O	我拿走了传单，并且我立刻开始阅读那些公式。
tr	O	夜晚很晴朗，并且星星密布在头顶。
tr	I	Whenever that happened , it always called back that memory of my first ride , and my head was spinning .
tr	O	我按下了按钮，但是它没有关机，让所有我不想思考的破事充斥着我的大脑。
tr	O	他对警长应有的行为方式有明确的看法，并且他决心要达到那个标准。
tr	I	At least she 'd have him now , but she might end up losing him tomorrow .
tr	O	我有一个女朋友，并且我们都是青少年。
tr	I	Then he tugs my skirt down to cover them , and he lifts his gaze , looking into my face as he pulls them over my hips .
tr	I	He waved back , out of reflex , and people waved at him , too .
tr	O	现在天已经很亮了，并且我看到我被那些熟悉的带有闪烁红光的灰色面板包围着。
tr	I	He certainly wouldn 't like the ones she had written about him , and Reid didn 't like her lyrics .
tr	O	埃莉诺出生时她十二岁，并且她的母亲去世了。
tr	I	The things you lose are forever lost And for every choice there is a cost .
tr	O	鳟鱼跳出水面，但是它无法甩掉鱼钩。
tr	O	有一瞬间我怀疑我是不是想象出了他，但是我确定我没有。
tr	I	The referee stopped Lea at the same time that the bell ringed , but Lea was about to end the match .
tr	I	The next lead horseman was hit in the shoulder , and Ezra fired again .
tr	O	他拍了拍波特的胳膊，并且他们走了几步远。
tr	O	在这么小的空间里有太多的情绪，并且结果是电光火石般的。
tr	I	He blocks the path , but Weber moves to enter .
tr	O	她的嘴角抽动了一下，并且她喝了一口咖啡。
tr	O	那是六年前了，并且他们从那时起就一直在一起。
tr	O	她无法用夜视眼看到颜色，但是她可以看到其他一切。
tr	I	She yielded to his advances , and she could feel his huge manhood press against her velvet folds .
tr	O	她穿得像他一样，并且这没有被忽视。
tr	O	其他学生知道我在这里，并且我的到来是受欢迎的，不像前一天那样被拒绝。
tr	O	你知道那种感觉，当你没有看到任何人，但是你感觉到有人。
tr	O	出租车滑过来，打开了后备箱，并且我把我的包塞了进去。
tr	I	I 'd lost them both , and I 'd only just found my mother , only just found my brother .
tr	O	我脑中只容纳了一幅画面，并且那幅画面来自纳撒尼尔的客串。
tr	I	I was driving myself mad trying to pull apart his motives , but I wasn 't foolish enough to lower my guard .
tr	O	她对我半笑了笑，并且她的表情中闪烁着愉悦。
tr	I	That frightened her , and she no longer seemed to have any resistance to him .
tr	I	I said no , but he had asked me out .
tr	O	盖奇起身并向洛根招手。
tr	O	她用她的守护者魔法触碰了铁砧，但是什么也没发生。
tr	I	I blocked her again , but she tried to step around me .
tr	I	Maybe she should embrace it , and she was getting a second chance at being human .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure what it was replaced by , but the anger was gone from his face .
tr	O	她的脸很光滑，但是她的眼睛充满怒火。
tr	O	一声沮丧的咆哮几乎要脱口而出，但是我保持安静，知道菲利普相信我昏迷的时间越长越好。
tr	I	He tracked me , and I was moving with vampire speed .
tr	O	他有麻烦了，并且他正在手忙脚乱。
tr	O	通常情况下，她会很高兴看到他穿着那个，但是现在情况不同了。
tr	I	Three of them are strong , clear colors , but I didn 't know exactly who they were .
tr	O	他问那是否包括赤裸上身，并且我只是对他翻了个白眼。
tr	O	我正在努力追求事业，拥有一个女孩所能要求的最好的朋友，并且我的未来掌握在自己手中。
tr	O	本试图继续前进，但是鲍比撞了他的肩膀。
tr	O	多年来她曾在几家餐厅工作过，并且她喜欢厨房里的那种疯狂。
tr	O	威尔低着头，并且我想他可能会哭。
tr	I	It was all she could do to keep from screaming at him , and loathing rose in her throat , choking her .
tr	O	飞机噪音吓跑了大部分大型动物，并且农场的一半在多年前就已经围起来了。
tr	I	She knew she couldn 't just let him leave , but she didn 't know what she intended to say .
tr	I	Feeling the constant breeze , he knew he must be close , but Kenny couldn 't see far down the tunnel .
tr	I	It would only follow her until it got a clean shot , but she considered running more .
tr	I	Now couldn 't be ignored , and their voices had risen in anger .
tr	O	我当时状态极佳，但是我有很多话要说。
tr	O	埃里克不易察觉地轻轻点了一下头，并且米斯蒂露出了微笑。
tr	O	艾奥娜沉默了一会儿，并且然后她开始说话。
tr	I	They never come but we wait for any new developments .
tr	O	我的心跳加速了，但是我没有停下。
tr	I	Then her activity would be severely limited , and she had maybe an hour before daylight .
tr	I	He was determined to make sure she survived , and she was his to see through this though .
tr	I	She needed all her concentration , and it was a tricky place to surf because of the turbulence the river caused .
tr	O	她的眼睛湿润了，但是她没有哭。
tr	I	I was obviously conflicted , but I dearly loved them like my own parents .
tr	I	She understood why and he was guarded .
tr	I	The last ride closed , and the park was empty .
tr	I	The hoards of Winter fey leaped back at her approach , as if she had a disease , and she stepped forward .
tr	I	I take an objective step back , and Guilt rushes over me .
tr	I	I startled and someone screamed .
tr	I	It would likely destroy her before she ever saw her twenty-fifth birthday , and Destiny had left her vulnerable to the more brutal side of life .
tr	I	His voice was no longer detectable , and he had turned away .
tr	O	看我一眼，并且他们就知道麦克斯没能成功。
tr	O	她一整天没吃东西，而且她也没喝任何东西。
tr	O	Koki问道，并且他的声音变得尖酸刻薄。
tr	I	She admired them unabashed , and Valerie had a glorious view of every inch of him , all his tattoos .
tr	I	His hair fell out in chunks and dark pockets sank into his cheeks .
tr	O	他的目光扫过那裸露的伤口，并且他轻轻地将她的目光转回镜子。
tr	I	I looked at Kali to see if she was okay , and we stopped .
tr	I	They 've given me lots of grief and there have been more than enough unpleasant characters in my life .
tr	I	I heard Jack growl and a moan escaped from deep in my throat .
tr	O	她的眼睛很迷人，蓝如蓝宝石，但是它们的深邃足以媲美最深的海洋。
tr	I	Adam joined her , and she dropped onto her bed .
tr	O	Jack捕捉到我的目光，并且他的手垂了下去。
tr	I	I don 't look at her , but Pen hisses .
tr	O	他拿走了对我重要的东西，并且他利用了你。
tr	I	It took more effort to breathe , and the darkness was heavier , thicker .
tr	I	Deep down , she knew it was panic , but she tried to tell herself the sound of the cop 's retching had triggered the response .
tr	O	诺亚退了出去，但是甘赛留了下来。
tr	O	彼得的态度需要彻底改变，但是卡罗尔自己心情也不佳。
tr	I	The driver opened the door for her and the limo pulled up at the front of her apartment building .
tr	O	我的头浮出水面，并且我猛吸了一大口气。
tr	I	The arm around her back gripped tighter , drawing her closer , and he smiled back at her .
tr	I	A single , light touch could cause permanent damage and we were told not to touch the coral reef , as it was fragile despite its appearance .
tr	O	周围没有其他人，并且他就那样把我丢下了。
tr	O	蒂格毫无疑问那两个人是惹不起的恶人，但是他们却处于劣势。
tr	I	He kept his arms around her waist , and the faery still leaned against him weakly , though .
tr	I	It went fine , and it 's over .
tr	I	We jointly extrapolated the rest , and I said as much as I knew .
tr	I	They fled without listening , happy to escape with their very lives , and the men had already seen their comrades cut down by unknown fire .
tr	I	A horde of them would overpower us in an instant , but they would be easier to kill than the larger ones .
tr	O	轻松容纳一千人不成问题，但是却只坐了五分之一。
tr	O	搜寻行动展开了，并且很快我便和结婚三十九年的妻子罗丝一起在警察局里，她正握着我的手。
tr	O	剧痛席卷全身，但是她依然紧抓着他的刀。
tr	O	他从床上站起来了，并且我们便走向了大厅。
tr	O	我会将你的头像奖杯一样挂在我墙上，并且如果你敢碰西蒙，我就会追捕你。
tr	I	They couldn 't all be covered , and there are several exits from the hangar .
tr	O	一辆货车开过，并且我们尴尬地在车道上徘徊，直到它过去才走向栅栏。
tr	O	他的眼神在说谎，但是莱克没有追问。
tr	I	Scylla held her tight , but she thrashed , kicking viciously .
tr	I	We 'll all starve or we need the harvest .
tr	I	He immediately sprinted forward and the invisible hands let go of Aidan .
tr	O	他一直让情绪停滞不前，而且它急需一个发泄的出口。
tr	O	他估计他们离监狱还有三英里，并且他宁愿在路上冒险。
tr	I	No use backing down now , but the beast had a point .
tr	O	T又冷了，并且她需要另一件皮草。
tr	O	我不知道它是怎么做到的，但是它像我的眼睛是电脑鼠标一样运作。
tr	O	他今天下午应该打电话过来，并且他答应把我的口信转告给他。
tr	I	The spell has broken , but the crowd 's still outside .
tr	I	He saw the answer , and she looked into Blake 's eyes .
tr	O	她想对他隐瞒真相，但是他无论如何都会发现的。
tr	O	他一直说着，但是我并没有完全听进去。
tr	O	他张开嘴争辩说她也需要休息，但是艾琳摇了摇头，告诉他别管了。
tr	I	He catches me studying him , and his eyes open just then .
tr	O	我曾经拥有过它，那道保护屏障，并且我愚蠢到把它还了回去。
tr	I	It didn 't go through the shadow and he tossed the water onto the wraith .
tr	O	他的眼神中有一种遥远的神情，仿佛他在做梦，并且那个梦是一场噩梦。
tr	O	我掏出了我的GPS，但是它却无法启动。
tr	I	He must have brought me here , and I fell asleep in his car .
tr	O	好吧，那有点奇怪，但是我的不安并没有阻止我更仔细地查看那些花朵。
tr	I	Her face is solemn the whole time , and I notice Rick whispering in her ear .
tr	O	谢尔盖的脸上倒是唯一放松的，并且她不确定该怎么理解。
tr	O	我吸了一口气，并且冰冷的空气刺痛了我的肺。
tr	I	It didn 't stop but the wagon slowed its descent .
tr	I	His anger seemed to compensate , but she 'd injured his hand .
tr	O	她可能会改变主意，但是这不会有任何影响。
tr	O	尼诺蹲在球上方，并且为了防止夹伤手指，瑞克建议他们慢慢练习几次传球。
tr	I	He kept his eyes on Paulette as she nodded in agreement with Amber , but Amber reassured Michael that everything was fine .
tr	O	我抬起头，但是我因为魔法的光芒而看不到攻击者的脸。
tr	I	She felt the pressure equalize with a violent rush , and her ears thundered suddenly .
tr	I	She knew they would die when their father failed , and they were all young sons , not yet men .
tr	O	那是一个潮湿阴沉的夜晚，并且她突然觉得没什么乐趣了。
tr	O	他们在他眨眼之前就消失了，但是她恐惧的油腻残余物仍然存在。
tr	O	默瑟的声音穿透了我的思绪，并且我的决心变得坚定起来。
tr	O	他的眼睛猛地睁开，并且他的手，原本悬在壁架附近，猛地回到壁架上，紧紧地处于救命的位置。
tr	I	It made her feel tremendous pressure , and she knew what Lea was planning .
tr	I	He must have scented me , and Cole was a wolf , even if he was a shifter rather than a were .
tr	O	当她搅拌酱汁时，她以一种节奏移动着，让我分心了一分钟，但是我又设法回到了主题。
tr	O	门开着，但是房间是空的。
tr	O	天色昏暗，并且阁楼下唯一一盏裸露的谷仓灯让我看不清他。
tr	I	I don 't like it , and I don 't know what freaks are out there .
tr	I	The casual nature of the gesture made my heart sing ; and he slipped his hand into mine without thinking about it .
tr	I	Booker two evenings to put it all back and it had taken her .
tr	I	Paramedics in that decade were pretty good about showing up quickly , but they looked bad .
tr	I	Many of them look down in response , ashamed and she sweeps her eyes across the crowd of humans .
tr	O	我想摸它，但是我不能确定那样是否可以，所以我没有问。
tr	I	He said nothing , but she looked at Paul .
tr	I	The men were out of patience , but the energy was building up in Terry 's head .
tr	I	They all knew it and they were caught in the web of their deceit .
tr	O	他瞥了一眼手表，并且好像他突然意识到自己重要会议迟到了一样，猛地站了起来。
tr	O	他为死者哀悼，并且尽管他无法理解他们的角色，但他看到他们的死亡是因他而生。
tr	O	我屏住了呼吸，并且委员会成员们一个接一个地点了头。
tr	I	The world swims back into sight and as I 'm struggling with the demon , my eyes connect with my brain .
tr	O	伊森踢我的腿把我弄醒，并且我意识清醒后便伸手去叫醒雷恩。
tr	I	He wasn 't offended that Cameron had checked her again , but he 'd have examined her already as soon as he noticed a problem .
tr	O	我们走上去，并且一些无聊的电梯音乐开始播放。
tr	O	我自己从未体会到这一点，但是对你来说还不算太晚。
tr	I	Even I had to admit that my interest was piqued , and she seemed quite smitten .
tr	O	唯一的问题是它要两千美元，而且到目前为止，我只存了六百。
tr	I	He flew down from Wisconsin to get me 12 hours later , but I 'd only seen him twice in my life before that .
tr	I	Andrew walked in and the door opened .
tr	O	焦虑爬满了我的脊椎，并且我摇了摇头，驱散了那些想法。
tr	I	I know that I would , too , and Old Crusoe had a problem with that .
tr	I	I shifted closer to Jenna to make room , and someone on my other side nudged my shoulder .
tr	O	她回答了，并且乔治在她的注视下感到自己脸红了。
tr	I	Preferred the more relaxed greeting in his home but oh he used both methods .
tr	O	它服从我的命令，并且我没有清晰的理由来切断它。
tr	O	我有点记得她昨晚的样子，但是我不知道她叫什么名字。
tr	I	It actually was pretty incredible but he wanted to be humble .
tr	O	就像之前一样，救援笼被放了下来，并且尸体被抬进了直升机。
tr	O	我听到康纳那声沉重的叹息，并且我知道他正在揉搓自己的头顶。
tr	I	It appeared his influence was still questionable , and Alistair had always been dragging him into one crazed adventure after another in their youth .
tr	O	他低头看着我，并且我的手按在他的腹部。
tr	O	夏天迟迟不肯离去，并且接着树叶很快就变了颜色。
tr	I	She might hesitate if she knew this was vampire business , but calling the police would bring the fastest response .
tr	O	他努力尽可能深地潜入水下，但是他梦中的一切都以慢动作发生着。
tr	I	I closed my eyes , leaning into it , and reaching up , she placed a warm hand against the side of my face .
tr	I	I have the right to decide what I want and you need to understand that I 'm an adult .
tr	O	屏幕上闪烁的这些字说我一无是处，并且自从长兄去世以来，我第一次认为它们可能是对的。
tr	I	Some unruly strands fell across his brow in stubborn rebellion , but those youthful curls had been tamed into a short , conservative cut .
tr	O	我听到门砰地一声关上，并且接着面包车猛地向前冲去。
tr	I	Watching her glide towards me made me think of honey dripping from a spoon and she moved warily as if experience had taught her that .
tr	O	他们在他撞到他们之前就避开了，但是当他经过他们时，那只棕色的跺了跺脚。
tr	O	我的一部分被你吸引，并且我的一部分害怕你。
tr	I	The smallest of the little priests mumbled a response and he fell silent .
tr	O	当她睁开眼睛时，她笑了，并且那个笑容是真诚的。
tr	I	It was still careless , but it 's not a likely time of month .
tr	O	一滴温暖的泪水沿着我的脸颊流下，并且我希望我听了霍尔德的话。
tr	I	Garrett waved her away and a waitress approached .
tr	I	I 'll point out the cute boys , and let me introduce you to our senior class .
tr	I	I know I 'm losing his attention , and his eyes dart away from mine .
tr	O	我能感受到他身体里的惊讶，但是他的手臂慢慢地环住了我，将我拉向他。
tr	I	I feel them a little now with tissues still swelling beneath the seam , but I don 't remember feeling the stitches at all due to this .
tr	O	几个街区之外，我能看到我家前院橡树茂盛的树冠，但是我还没有准备好回家。
tr	I	When I tried to explain that she could read all the material on the plane , she insisted I explain now , and she asked , naturally .
tr	O	我认为现在是一个特殊的场合，所以请给所有在场的人施用一些止痛药。
tr	I	They were shaded from the sun , and the air was quiet here .
tr	I	It was true , all the same , but it didn 't seem possible , given that they 'd only known each other for three weeks .
tr	O	他没有提及我的尴尬失态，并且我也不打算提起它。
tr	I	The rain pelted down , and the windows steamed up .
tr	O	这可能是一个巧合，但是格雷并不相信。
tr	I	Her orgasm consumed her , and James pushed her over the edge .
tr	O	其他人向前潜行，并且埃洛拉看着男孩挥舞着一根棍子。
tr	O	他必须到达河边，但是他宁愿在没有一群愤怒的吸血鬼追赶的情况下做到这一点。
tr	I	At least she thought he 'd said that , or he said .
tr	I	They spurred him to work even harder , and such results gratified Jesse very greatly .
tr	O	教师可能会觉得这套丛书在课堂上很有用，并且这些小说定价时也考虑到了这个意图。
tr	O	他轻轻地吻了我的嘴唇，并且我闭上了眼睛。
tr	O	这让你变得强大，并且这也让你变得脆弱。
tr	O	人们不断地问他问题，并且不管那是什么，他都不想谈论。
tr	I	He began to strain against it but Samantha took hold of his collar .
tr	I	Elena felt very little and it was quick , at least , .
tr	I	He whistled and she turned around .
tr	O	你已经知道我的一切，并且你也应该知道我想要知道你的一切。
tr	O	凯特思考着她表亲的话，但是她没有试图否认它们。
tr	I	His body throbbed with pain , and he was only partially healed .
tr	O	只有几个小时真正的睡眠才能帮到这一点，并且他近期内是不会得到那种睡眠的。
tr	O	他的眼睛睁开了，并且他用蒙眬的目光凝视着她。
tr	I	For being the reason she hadn 't been able to sleep in the first place ... but Damn Zach Sullivan for not only waking her up .
tr	I	I just stare , and Maker asks .
tr	I	He was bluffing , but he meant Jennifer .
tr	I	He saw only darkness in front of him , but he risked a peek , lowering the arm he held tightly across his upper face .
tr	I	Once I did I couldn 't stop , and I busted out laughing .
tr	O	那个女人和她一样高，而且那个穿着紧身黑色连体衣的身体，虽然纤细，但绝对不是她记忆中的那个孩子。
tr	O	我在那一年的一次音乐视频拍摄中认识了我的妻子安伯，而且在十八个月内我们有了双胞胎女婴。
tr	O	我不知道这周是否能去上班……，而且我今天肯定会待在家里。
tr	O	亚当想提出异议，但是已经太迟了。
tr	O	他们将我冷冻时，你四岁，而且我醒来时，你成了二十四岁。
tr	O	在他去日本旅行之前，要做的事情实在太多了，而且他不够信任他的下属去处理那些更精细的细节。
tr	O	乔不会再是那样的人了，并且他不会再帮助那样的人了。
tr	O	我脸上的皮肤似乎融化了，并且我的头皮感觉像着火了一样。
tr	I	I sensed that something dark was nearby and Moon 's countdown ended several minutes ago .
tr	I	Holly 's pale faces and I looked at Trina .
tr	I	He was on the other side of it , and a door had opened , though .
tr	I	I couldn 't bring myself to change it , but it was the longest message known to man .
tr	O	房间被密封了，并且声音消失在外面黑暗中。
tr	I	He falls back , hitting the ground hard and his body goes rigid .
tr	O	我将额头抵在她的额头上，并且她笑了然后放开了我。
tr	I	I caught his puzzled expression and he glanced at me .
tr	O	也许他做错了，并且他们之间真的没有真正的联系。
tr	O	从一次虚弱中恢复需要数年时间，而且那也多亏了其他吸血鬼多年的帮助。
tr	O	我不知道你做了什么，但是她现在正在她家像个疯子一样打扫卫生！
tr	O	那东西几乎和她一样重，但是她设法把它拖上了楼梯。
tr	O	一看到他，热量涌向她身体的每一寸，并且他们在少年时期在这间公寓里做过的事情的记忆也融合了。
tr	I	She just shrugged , but a niggling little voice inside of Emily 's head said there were lots of things he should know .
tr	I	She usually kept her thoughts reserved , but it was what she was thinking .
tr	I	He fell silent , and she held up her good hand .
tr	O	他的手掌的温暖环绕着她的手，但是那份温暖似乎不再像以前那样流淌过她的身体了。
tr	I	They didn 't like it and they couldn 't understand it .
tr	I	Now you are trapped and you followed it here .
tr	I	It grew each time I was around him , and he felt sick to me .
tr	O	我们对着彼此轻柔地呼吸了一分钟，并且他移动了双手，让我们的手指交织在一起。
tr	O	这些话没有帮助，并且她怒目而视。
tr	O	她有所不同，并且他无法否认她已变得更好。
tr	I	Usually he thought in a very logical , lock-step manner , but Will would get those kinds of inspirations too .
tr	O	我滑回冰凉的水中，他也是，并且我们两人都离开了山洞。
tr	O	我可能看起来不像，但是我是一名成功的商人。
tr	I	Reed was determined to step into play when it happened and expansion was needed .
tr	O	我瞪了他一眼，但是我的目光立刻又被那个女孩吸引了。
tr	O	蒸汽缭绕在我朋友们的脸上，但是它突然间显得不祥而非性感。
tr	O	萨姆回应着，眼睛眯了起来，并且莫蒂默在小屋门前停下，皱眉看着她的表情。
tr	O	我是一个男人，并且那就是全部。
tr	O	我身体的其他部分可以稍微动一下，但是它却仿佛根本没有连在我身上。
tr	I	The pitch black abyss swallowed her , and Fingers slipped .
tr	O	她会有打电话和与我交谈之间的时间。
tr	I	I 've been too mired down to see it and maybe I 've had it wrong all this time .
tr	I	Likely very soon now that his hallucinations were gone , and he would still die .
tr	I	Maybe it can be one thing to be proud of , but it 's not enough to forgive my sins .
tr	I	He said he didn 't bother to try something so silly but I swore to him he could break all the genuine records .
tr	O	他眼中的火焰已经黯淡，并且他正在轻轻地呜咽。
tr	O	当他们投入战斗时，皈依者增长缓慢，但是很快他们的增长就螺旋式上升了。
tr	I	He didn 't like the idea of them seeing Nicole like that , but Jake didn 't care that they 'd seen him in that state .
tr	O	她的下巴在崩溃并且话语倾泻而出前的一瞬间变得坚决。
tr	O	我们在P.F. Chang's餐厅，并且一个长得像女战士赛娜的X女正在试图绑架阿曼达。
tr	O	这不是他一直所期望的改变，但是这是一个开始。
tr	I	The bullet still burned a line of fire across his stomach , but Gray managed to twist sideways .
tr	I	Any idea of resistance collapsed in Tammy 's mind , and his mouth crashed down on hers , intent on passionate plunder .
tr	O	它的胸部左侧有一个洞，但是本该是心脏的位置却有几十条细小、嘶嘶作响的蛇。
tr	I	When it finally merges with me , my mind absorbs the power with a tingle , and the aura approaches slowly , causing my heart to race .
tr	I	She took knife to it and he tossed it to her .
tr	I	I can 't even catch a break from my best friend and I 'm trying to save the world .
tr	I	They 'd eaten together , and he 'd decided to stay for his father 's sake .
tr	O	他荡了出去，并且我也照做了。
tr	I	I 'm jolted , and she lifts her eyes to me .
tr	O	过去他们曾多次让他活下来，并且他们也将他的敌人埋葬。
tr	I	He stared at the wall over her head , expressionless as a statue , but Levana tried to catch his eye .
tr	I	Charlie rode up with the two uniforms and the three detectives took the elevator first .
tr	I	It 'll get better , but I 'm sorry for your pain .
tr	O	卡车周围有六名守卫呈半圆形站立，并且他们中的三人在看到海文时放下了枪。
tr	O	它更加受控，但是它确实存在。
tr	O	我的体重使他失去平衡，并且他踉跄地后退了几步。
tr	O	我知道我的声音听起来有些抱怨，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	I couldn 't hold it all back , but I gazed at her , desperately willing my face to stay composed .
tr	I	Then his brow gets all wrinkled , and his gaze travels up my calves like I hoped they would .
tr	O	这必须很响亮，并且那会引来火力。
tr	O	其中还有其他人，但是他们只是背景中的闪烁，空气中的声音。
tr	I	Maybe strictly that was true , and he said he didn 't lie to people .
tr	O	另外两个人按住本，并且我妈妈站在安德烈旁边。
tr	O	那时候亚玛看起来更年轻，但是他还是那个亚玛。
tr	I	Rio 's heart sank and he was bleeding heavily .
tr	O	卢克脸上掠过一丝苦涩，但是当他听到叔叔的声音沙哑时，那神情就柔和了下来。
tr	O	那人穿着他的制服，并且他带着那种警察在见识过太多后会露出的严重不满的神情。
tr	I	Those two already knew the routine , and he needed to implement an assembly line .
tr	I	It pays to speak a more common style , and he meets a variety of folks out there .
tr	O	吉普赛家庭是我们的室友，并且他们没有卫生意识。
tr	O	这句话本应让他放松，然而她的话语却产生了相反的效果。
tr	I	I didn 't dare remove my face from the protection of his jacket and his chest vibrated with a growl .
tr	O	他想参加举重比赛，并且他肯定认为类固醇是出路。
tr	I	When it came to not getting killed , I was more than willing to cooperate , but hey , I may be a stubborn brat sometimes .
tr	O	医生告诉她，她会有一周左右坐着不舒服，但是除此之外，她会没事的。
tr	I	He scratched his black stubble , and his beautiful dark brows furrowed .
tr	I	Her arms twitched uncomfortably and her shoulders sagged .
tr	O	卡车在街对面的停车场缓慢停下，并且我朝窗外望向酒吧。
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to picture him as this villain who was out to steal my girl .
tr	I	It was less likely to attract attention , and the latter had a better fit to Frank 's image .
tr	O	他筋疲力尽，并且他的侧腹部抽痛。
tr	I	He didn 't want anything to intrude on that and their precious time together seemed so pure , so unadulterated by the reality of his life .
tr	O	我脸红了，并且她笑得很灿烂。
tr	O	我严厉命令弗雷德永远不准弄乱我的头发，或者我就会亲自把他喂给亡灵。
tr	O	他坚硬的身体抵在我身上，并且我试探性地伸手下去，手指环绕住他。
tr	I	I keep going , but Allie rushes down the stairs .
tr	I	There was another door in the middle , and the building was about a hundred feet long .
tr	I	The pain in his eyes spoke to her without words , and he tore his gaze off of the tree to focus on her .
tr	O	他身旁，戴夫咯咯地笑了，并且他转过身去怒视。
tr	I	I didn 't want to be the one to say so , but I hoped he meant a counselor .
tr	O	卡罗尔什么也没说，但是她随意地将手滑到他脖子的一侧，将他的嘴唇拉向自己。
tr	I	There are hundreds of rooms that are just left standing , and we as a family use so little of it .
tr	O	我的姐妹们经常叫我“坏脾气小女巫”，但是那没关系。
tr	O	诺拉紧跟在我身旁，并且当我扭动身体坐到椅子上时，她倒吸了一口气。
tr	O	我身后的脚步声让我停了下来，并且我转过身看到特里普迅速靠近。
tr	I	I had to cut the mime 's firing time short by ten minutes , and the trackers were close on our heels .
tr	O	波浪将他的身体推向岸边，并且他让冲力带着他。
tr	I	That only made them more frightening , and a few of them were too alien to identify .
tr	O	我的专业是商科，并且我辅修了法语，虽然那在现实世界中能有什么用呢？
tr	I	She couldn 't pull away from him and this was real .
tr	O	在昏暗的光线下，它看起来很诡异，并且索尔胃里一阵难受地后退了一步。
tr	O	她想把工作服换成更舒服的衣服，但是她已经没有时间了。
tr	I	I can still save the shoes , but I 've messed up the dress .
tr	O	我叹了口气，解释着我们发现了什么，但是娜塔莉在一句话之内打断了我。
tr	O	他看着挂毯，并且图像再次出现。
tr	I	Cameron secretly agreed with his reasons why , but it had been bad of Daniel to run away from school .
tr	O	我指出起始点总是十三，并且它一直都是如此。
tr	O	一阵新的剧痛刺穿了我，但是我压制住了它。
tr	O	他知道他被要求去做他所做的事情，并且没有人能够说服他改变主意。
tr	I	They believed and they listened .
tr	O	我们像蜂巢里的蚂蚁一样四处奔波，但是蜂巢本身的目的是什么呢？
tr	O	那是醉酒后的胡言乱语，并且蓝很讨厌听死人的胡言乱语。
tr	O	我的肩膀塌陷了，并且我的帆布背包的肩带掉进了他宽大的手里。
tr	O	珍妮特屏住了呼吸，但是喷嚏始终没有来。
tr	O	它很性感，或者至少我是这么认为的。
tr	I	We don 't know where , and we don 't know when .
tr	O	她感到如此绝望，并且那些话听起来很愚蠢。
tr	O	她建议道，当绿灯亮起，并且她再次随着车流移动时。
tr	O	我叫醒了她，并且她感谢了我。
tr	O	这对大自然来说不算什么，但是它确实对我们有好处。
tr	I	He was not , but she scanned the throng to see if the other physician was still standing there .
tr	I	He didn 't see any signs of their getting lost , and Messick watched the jury the entire time Johansen was speaking .
tr	O	贝茨希望这次讨论奏效，但是他对此表示怀疑。
tr	O	她把简历放回她的桌子，并且我回到了我的办公室，思考着。
tr	O	他们可能遵守了我的宵禁，但是他们的眼睛却是挑衅的，愤怒的。
tr	O	我轻声回答他，并且他笑了。
tr	O	房间里的其他人立刻意识到了这个事实，并且有些抱怨声。
tr	O	尝试任何事，并且他会割你的脖子。
tr	I	She knew that , and he really was .
tr	I	A sick feeling of dread begins to build in the pit of my stomach and I hear them mention Marek a couple of times .
tr	O	他向前走去，但是佐伊移开了视线。
tr	I	She didn 't want to say no to her friends , but she didn 't dare go downstairs to ask her parents .
tr	O	帕梅拉·柯林斯做出了自己的选择，并且那个选择就是留在一段失败的婚姻中。
tr	I	The Amazons knelt behind her , and the leader approached him again .
tr	O	泪水滑下她的脸颊，并且我瞟了琼一眼。
tr	I	The crew paid no attention , but there was more shushing from nearby blankets .
tr	I	Her throat closed up at the sight of him , but she wanted to apologize , to ask his forgiveness on her children 's behalf .
tr	O	他的手背滑过她的脸颊，并且她转过脸以便更好地感受他的触碰。
tr	O	他两次起诉了公司，并且他两次都赢了。
tr	O	我没有亲他，不过，并且当我们手牵手时，他从未强求更多。
tr	I	He could feel his forehead moistening and Denison was gasping a little .
tr	O	我把蕾丝递给他，并且他把它按到脸颊上。
tr	I	Her expression was unpleasant , and faye , though , was squirming like a fish trying to get off a hook .
tr	I	He didn 't look horrified , but I wanted to ask if he was horrified that I 'd killed all those humans .
tr	I	The seas sang and the mountains bowed .
tr	O	电梯门开了，并且山姆登了上去。
tr	I	When I 'm done , I think we have the guards convinced , and Flynn says very little , leaving most of the talking to me .
tr	O	这是他最不想看到的事情，他只是有点担心约翰和他的影子猎豹会出现。
tr	O	房间漆成了浅灰色，并且窗帘看起来多年没有清洗了。
tr	O	他带着那把椅子绝不可能通过这里，并且他想让我们安全。
tr	O	米娅从未提及她的朋友，并且她也几乎没有提及她的家人。
tr	O	他们又互相看了一眼，并且默瑟警探耸了耸肩。
tr	I	Every minute was extended to an hour and every second was a minute .
tr	O	他最初是为了寻找答案，但是现在他甚至连问题都忘了。
tr	I	I caught a whiff of his cologne , and he held open a door for me .
tr	O	那个悠闲的技工迟到了，并且贝丝发现自己心情焦躁。
tr	O	我所感受到的一切在我口中突然变得廉价，并且我不在乎她是否痛苦。
tr	O	他本可以用火报复，但是他想离开那所房子。
tr	I	This wasn 't for him tonight , but his cock jumped at the sight .
tr	I	She squirmed and he did .
tr	O	瑞安带着高度赞扬回来了，并且这对他来说很不寻常。
tr	O	对于手臂纤细的欧内斯特来说，这有点吃力，但是他尽力掩饰。
tr	I	It takes my eyes a moment to adjust to the dim , and it 's dark .
tr	I	I walked to the bathroom , and he hustled to the table .
tr	I	He spoke slowly and Zane 's eyes popped open .
tr	I	The doors slid open , and the elevator dinged .
tr	O	廷克在对面的床上，但是他被禁止和我说话，所以没法作伴。
tr	O	沉重的脚步声在外面响起，并且阳光涌入帐篷，因为有人掀开了门帘。
tr	O	我的眼泪再次让我颤抖，并且我只希望这一切都停止。
tr	I	Once more I got nothing in return , and once more I appealed to Felix .
tr	I	We shall deliver it to him and we promised the poor boy victory .
tr	O	约翰尼差点开口，但是仿佛他的舌头冻住了，他什么也没说。
tr	O	她不过是个叛徒，是他的一个棋子，并且她很清楚在他的世界里叛徒的下场。
tr	O	马特松开了我的手臂，并且我下了车。
tr	I	I sat on the unoccupied side of the booth and he smiled .
tr	I	He walked back to his office , wondering what was happening and Matt understood that he had been dismissed .
tr	I	I slowly took my gun out of my drawer , and I knew it wasn 't a stupid bird this time .
tr	O	我心满意足，并且感觉很棒。
tr	I	He was warm and she was naked .
tr	I	The knight struggled to bring his blade around to take the opening , and the left handed one parried wide .
tr	I	After a moment , she released me , and I forced myself to stay very calm .
tr	O	现在我明白我们确实拥有最优秀的人才，但是我们没有最好的设备。
tr	I	His familiarity with her didn 't come as any big surprise , but they hadn 't exchanged a word since she 'd been back .
tr	O	她试图抵抗，但是他所制造的热量变得过于强烈了。
tr	O	她的眼睛半闭着，并且她对着手打了个哈欠。
tr	I	I didn 't laugh , but he winked at me .
tr	O	我愤怒地尖叫，但是接着我放软了声音。
tr	O	有时他们吃晚饭，并且之后他们一起八卦。
tr	O	它两天前就到了，但是我却还没有打开它。
tr	O	黑暗爆炸了，并且出现了光。
tr	O	她察觉不到失望，但是她为什么就不能直接说“是”呢？
tr	O	关于孩子，她和我的想法一样，并且我再开心不过了。
tr	O	接线员接通了电话，并且朱莉娅要求与艾比·华纳通话。
tr	I	She knew what Reid was capable of , but she couldn 't let that happen .
tr	I	Yet I shook my head no , and you bet .
tr	O	较大的飞船却没有退缩，并且一场原本是两个信息国之间的小型外交事件迅速演变为战争。
tr	O	她很有动力，并且我喜欢这一点。
tr	O	外星人闭上了眼睛，并且连接再次中断了。
tr	I	Matthew never knew him to be this funny and his parents migrated from China five years ago .
tr	O	我体内仍有充足的魔法，但是这种激烈的战斗却令人筋疲力尽。
tr	O	我只差三个学分就能拿到大众传播学学位了，但是连我也不知道swarthy是什么意思。
tr	I	She instantly felt like a bad best friend , and she had somehow forgotten about that little scene .
tr	I	I shut the door behind him and Milo walked through the small opening .
tr	O	然后他感受到了夜空中的骚动，一丝细微的动静，并且他知道他们并非孤身一人。
tr	O	它比他预想的更锋利，并且划破了他手指的皮肤。
tr	I	Blue just stuffed her hands in her apron pockets , but Calla would 've flipped him off .
tr	I	My body buzzed with nerves , and my heart thrust to life .
tr	O	我开始爬到他身上，但是他在我骑上去之前就猛地闪开了。
tr	I	Already I 'm nagging you , and we 're on our third date .
tr	O	我们可能会有点不自在，但是我们不会死。
tr	O	他现在很好，但是正如你昨晚亲眼所见，那可以在一瞬间改变。
tr	I	It was not a two-minute process , but she tried not to dither .
tr	O	我说，并且有人笑了。
tr	O	她一直是个娇小的女人，但是现在她显得很虚弱。
tr	I	I never doubted it , but I can 't tell you how I knew it was him .
tr	O	它不完美，但是它起了作用。
tr	I	She realized she was not suffering , and a calming warmth washed over Maya .
tr	I	I wonder if he 's thinking about memories as well and we smile at each other .
tr	I	She felt a deep pain , and another struck her back .
tr	O	屏幕上的名字让达门皱起了眉头，但是最后他决定回复。
tr	O	维德今天可能不寻求领导权，但是无法保证情况不会改变。
tr	I	I was getting confused about things I shouldn 't be confused about , and I was beginning to forget what it felt like to be near him .
tr	O	但丁向我看不见的人点点头，并且一名伴郎从屋子边缘出现。
tr	I	She could finally breathe normally again and the rejuvenating frigid air cooled her sweaty skin .
tr	I	His mouth suddenly pressed against mine in a hard kiss , but I had the distinct impression that he wanted to say something else .
tr	I	The seat was empty , but the door was open .
tr	O	他们都掉了书，并且他们弯腰去捡起来。
tr	I	I have to talk to her and I know Addie is in there .
tr	I	We are trying to re-create them and many of the spells in here have been lost .
tr	I	That only made it worse , but he beat at the hand .
tr	O	我本只想在那里伤害你，但是我确信我一定杀了你。
tr	O	他以为黑暗观察者的名字意味着他只是藏在阴影里，但是现在看来他是在掌控黑暗本身。
tr	I	Scott swung out , and it pulled under the carport .
tr	O	也许获得卡尔的评估，并且也许获得露西的评估。
tr	O	他的目光集中在她的嘴唇上，并且他再次将头倾向她。
tr	I	When the clouds parted a bright moon shone down on the valley and at last the rain had stopped .
tr	O	基因，数据收集需要时间，而且时间就是金钱，尤其是在商品方面。
tr	O	詹姆斯呻吟了一声，并且她感受到一种强烈的权力感。
tr	O	那是非常漫长的一天，而且事实是，我准备放弃面对这些压倒性的困难。
tr	I	She couldn 't see any movement , but she could hear the rustle as it traveled through the surrounding forest .
tr	O	休刚去世一年多一点，并且这个周末本来是他们的结婚日。
tr	O	那些大亨们周六就进驻了，并且赌博的金额非常巨大。
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why and I felt angry .
tr	I	Then there was the blood all over him , and his face was already dark with new beard .
tr	I	She didn 't blame them and they probably resented her intrusion .
tr	I	She had been up half the night worrying about Steven , and the evening before had taken its toll .
tr	O	他盯着我的眼睛，并且他的眼睛看起来很生气。
tr	O	当她看到精灵们搬运自己的干草时，她会告诉她的主人，并且他也会把他的搬进来。
tr	O	她的眼中现在有了悲伤，并且他想知道是谁把悲伤放在那里的。
tr	O	屏幕上出现了几十张同一块石头的照片，但是所有的照片上都长着一棵更大的树。
tr	I	Katie laughed , relaxing , and he gasped as the liquid scalded his tongue .
tr	O	接着他又感到那种刺痛，并且他几乎可以肯定，有一个他看不见的人正在非常仔细地观察他。
tr	I	It 's heavily frowned upon , but we can breed with women .
tr	I	It snapped him out of his daze , and Jack recognised the voice .
tr	O	他们有更多的经验，但是他们的工作并不比她的更容易。
tr	O	他没有松开我的手臂，仿佛我是他黑暗中的光明，但是我的声音平息了他的恐惧。
tr	O	她点了点头，睁开了眼睛，并且她惊愕的目光与他的目光相撞。
tr	O	他栗色的头发蓬乱着，并且他的T恤穿反了。
tr	I	She couldn 't incinerate them , but she could rip out their hearts as a jaguar .
tr	I	I regretted not going to him sooner with the way I felt , and it had been such a hard few weeks .
tr	I	I will get you out and if at any time , Lara , you have to leave this place , Nicolas reassured , tell me .
tr	O	她已经哭了几天了，并且她不知道自己是否会停下来。
tr	O	她不能说那是爱，因为她几乎不认识他，但是他触动了她灵魂深处的东西。
tr	I	He could smell roses and as she swung around again to catch the little girl , her hair brushed by him .
tr	I	They weren 't even full vampires and they all had to be destroyed .
tr	I	Her plans had been thrown out of the window , but it wasn 't where she had planned on eating .
tr	I	We fought back , even as another pair of guards moved in from our right and I stood side by side with Holden .
tr	I	His lips found my neck instead , and I turned my head .
tr	O	他瞥了一眼附近的一群难民，并且他们急忙转回身去敲打帐篷桩。
tr	O	那幅被勾勒出的画面浮现在脑海中，并且他开始哼笑起来。
tr	O	我现在想审问你，但是我赶时间。
tr	O	现在的问题在于她太显眼了，并且她对此束手无策。
tr	I	He shook his head , but Alaric 's lips thinned .
tr	O	我看着亨特，但是回答的却是比利。
tr	O	他父亲可能知道这件事，但是他可能不知道它在哪里。
tr	O	她的指甲涂成了红色，并且不知怎么的，这看起来非常奇怪。
tr	O	蕾根就在我旁边工作，并且我们一起把那台机器润滑得就像一个在装满婴儿油的塑料池里的脱衣舞娘一样。
tr	I	I promise you no horseplay will be tolerated there , and you are preparing for junior high .
tr	O	我坐在桌旁，等着感觉好转，并且没花多长时间。
tr	I	I looked away , but he shot an angry glance over at me .
tr	O	他的声音在发光，或者是我认为如此。
tr	I	I know there aren 't many places for women in the business , but she needs a position .
tr	O	罗杰的手臂在肘部以下以一个奇怪的角度垂着，并且我试图屏住呼吸，被眼前的景象吓坏了。
tr	I	Edmund had the skill to make more from skins the patrols brought in , and there had been some leather on hand .
tr	O	他的脸上掠过一道阴影，并且我不敢再多问。
tr	I	He held his chin defiantly , but Dirt streaked his emaciated torso .
tr	I	Red eyes stared hungrily and when he closed his eyes , he was in a pit , shadows surrounded him .
tr	I	The men confer with their eyes but Evie starts to get extra chairs .
tr	O	我的整个身心完全被内疚吞噬，并且我感觉自己几乎无法呼吸。
tr	O	有无数的猜测，但是这些猜测无一有事实根据。
tr	I	If my folk saw me hand this to you they would become enraged and I should not give it to you at all .
tr	O	凯特琳能清楚地听到他，尽管他身在厨房而且她正在对莉迪亚的枕头进行最后一击。
tr	O	一名法警拍了拍丹的肩膀，并且他差点吓得跳起来。
tr	O	我轻声笑了，但是那笑声却很干涩。
tr	I	The sound had its effect , but she yelled , startling Laura .
tr	O	她是船长的女儿，而且他只是个卑微的步兵。
tr	O	她的双腿发软，并且她的心怦怦直跳。
tr	O	他皱了皱眉，而且我转过身。
tr	O	他一直担心会在半空中睡着，但是现在他到家了。
tr	O	他支持巴雷特的行动，但是我并不认为他们是朋友。
tr	I	It might be the only chance they had , but it was a long shot .
tr	O	她发出一声轻笑，接着变成了抽泣，而且我的胃也跟着揪了起来。
tr	I	She could do no other than help him , and he needed her .
tr	I	She didn 't exactly meet his gaze and he watched her swallow .
tr	I	Through lips slathered with glittery lipgloss , she said , and her sculpted eyebrow arched as she caught a glimpse of Nina in the doorway .
tr	O	我知道这对你来说会很难，但是你必须知道真相。
tr	O	他住在他自己的地盘上，和他的第一个真正的朋友在一起，而且她并没有因为他古怪的生活方式而感到震惊。
tr	O	彭德尔顿心里一阵懊悔，而且他希望自己没有让她详细说明。
tr	I	It was real , but he tried to ignore it .
tr	O	她的母亲正要嫁入一个是非之地，而且他想知道茉莉如何融入这个家庭。
tr	O	船长将她从椅子上拉走，并且他们开始在房间里跳舞，虽然跳得很难看，却歇斯底里地大笑着。
tr	O	她曾提到她以前从未独自生活过，并且当她去付款时，她用了一张美国运通白金卡。
tr	O	威尔的卡车很像普雷斯顿的——一辆老旧的1981年款福特F-150——，并且它第一次就启动了。
tr	I	Immediately she took a step back and he took a step toward her .
tr	O	凯西现在有了一个免费的保姆，并且我给她买了一部手机，这样我每天都可以和他视频聊天。
tr	I	Yes , that sucks , and yes , there 's a lawsuit .
tr	I	The bed was empty but I ran to Cage 's bedroom .
tr	O	我动用了一些重要人脉才查到你今天在哪里，但是我以最快的速度赶到了这里。
tr	I	His voice raised an octave , and Trevor 's eyes grew huge .
tr	I	Then the world would die of fire , and it had been prophesied that the meteor would come .
tr	O	你可以走远一点，并且我们就能知道我是否知道自己在做什么。
tr	I	Kat just made a mental note of the position of the cameras , but Bobby asked .
tr	O	赛伊感到艾瑞斯的手搭在他的另一边肩膀上，并且她把他拉向自己。
tr	O	科尔特可能表现得好像范是完美的，但是每个女人都有一些缺点。
tr	O	我对没有告诉珍娜感到有点内疚，但是 我发誓我以后会把一切都告诉她。
tr	I	I try to breathe deeply without appearing obvious , and the same sharp pain hits my gut again .
tr	O	明天一切都会重置，但是 如果他不知道自己需要去哪里，那对他也没有帮助。
tr	I	They seemed just as stunned , and Aria looked at the others .
tr	I	That was the way she liked it , and no one ever really saw her beneath the shock factor .
tr	O	她可能不希望他在那里，但是 她需要他。
tr	O	床是乱的，并且 闻起来有威廉的味道。
tr	O	这个假期对他们有好处，但是 她现在真的需要她的母亲。
tr	O	我捏了捏他腹部的皮肤，并且 他扭动了一下。
tr	O	她低头看着自己的手指，并且 真的只有一个答案。
tr	I	I hadn 't seen any pictures of children in her office and Janet had alluded to being married to her job earlier today .
tr	I	They only gave an inch , but she clawed at the thick bars .
tr	I	It hits them like the slab metal of a sledge hammer and they realize the truth behind the propaganda .
tr	I	He needed something more than that , but yeah the sex was great .
tr	I	She was the best in the business , but he happened to know she worked both sides .
tr	I	She couldn 't quite hide her resentment , but Gran 's manager wasn 't overtly unfriendly .
tr	I	After a while , they stopped calling , and she didn 't call her friends back .
tr	O	我存在的时间并没有那么久远，但是 有些事情经久不变。
tr	I	She will answer , and speak in blood .
tr	I	They died when I was so young , but I feel like I should .
tr	I	She just sat on the trunk to wait it out , and Karou had no doubt they were doing grievous damage to her makeup job .
tr	O	有人听到了一声尖叫，但是没有人看到她跳水。
tr	O	大约三分之一的维京人曾去过，并且他们大声地提醒她这件事。
tr	I	I delivered to him from Salford and he has acted on the suspect Sam .
tr	I	He could feel himself falling into the jagged blackness of despair and the thought of waiting hung heavy .
tr	I	His teeth wanted to chatter , which meant a stutter for sure , and this made Kirby even colder -- frozen even .
tr	O	他的马撞到了橡树的远端，并且就好像一道帷幕被拉开了一样。
tr	I	It was too late , but Balan shouted a warning to his wife .
tr	O	他们到达了一片空地，并且凯利屏住了呼吸。
tr	O	他们的头发因被猛烈撞击而蓬乱，并且额外的静电使它向上飘浮，接近天花板。
tr	O	你是最棒的，并且我深深地爱着你。
tr	I	Her fingers twisted in my shirt and she kept her face turned away .
tr	I	I start to feel like how Sebastian felt just before he left for home and I spend the rest of the day in a haze .
tr	I	Instead , it was turning into a disaster , but this should be one of the more exciting days of my life .
tr	O	他真的很后悔不得不退休，但是他知道自己做那种事有点年纪大了。
tr	I	His irises were silver , his pupils shrunken to tiny pinpoints , even in the moody lighting and his fangs had descended .
tr	I	The garage lock down , and I took the liberty of checking Babel Tower 's security cameras .
tr	O	无论如何我都在进行一项魔法锻炼，并且尽管它有助于磨练我的技能，但我确实对此感到厌倦了。
tr	I	He 'd had to give a speech about recycling , and we were at a school assembly my freshman year .
tr	O	双腿会不可避免地发软，并且我会无助地摇晃着离开。
tr	I	She obeyed , and Sebastian made her part her lips .
tr	O	我们所需要做的就是在入境时贿赂对的人，并且我们就能顺利通过。
tr	O	那个女人离开了，并且格蕾丝感觉糟透了。
tr	O	我的衬衫往身上缩，并且我不会把它拉下来，即使我感觉到凉风吹到我的肚子上。
tr	O	他们周围的空气似乎被压缩了，并且它随后伴随着雷鸣般的声音向外爆炸。
tr	O	她整天都很沮丧，而且我们无法安抚她。
tr	I	We walked side-by-side down the hallway and Jacob let go of my arm .
tr	O	我觉得带一个瘦弱的孩子进来有点荒谬，但是我没有机会选择自己的后援。
tr	O	他为她感到害怕，害怕这一切会变成什么样子，但是现在他无法让自己去关心。
tr	I	Then everyone was cheering again , and a woman called behind me .
tr	I	I have to live with the regrets now and I made my choices all those years ago .
tr	I	She had to finish it fast and she had to get this right .
tr	O	她在她创造的庇护所里，并且只有拥有喀尔巴阡血脉的人才能通过屏障。
tr	O	他的脸很苍白，并且他的手在颤抖。
tr	O	我停止移动，并且这种感觉增强了。
tr	O	他列出了她的地址，并且奥利维亚凝视着远方。
tr	O	其中大部分仍在施工，但是每个房间都已被毁坏。
tr	I	She hadn 't passed that detail along to her father , but Francesca had overheard Paris mention Butch 's sex addiction .
tr	O	大多数其他女孩在公共淋浴间待了更长时间，聊着天，但是艾米丽太心不在焉了，无法加入她们。
tr	I	He waited it out , but his stomach threatened again .
tr	O	门上传来敲门声，并且比莉去开门。
tr	O	他需要改变话题，并且他对她笑了笑。
tr	O	不，他们谈论过危险，但是没有人明确提到过老鼠，除了蟑螂。
tr	I	It hadn 't moved on from the three apartment blocks we 'd terrorized , but we could still hear the ruckus they were creating .
tr	I	He looked back up to me and I automatically brushed his cheek dry .
tr	I	In my heart , I wanted to run away , but he wanted me to surpass him .
tr	O	无论如何，抗议活动应该很快就结束了，并且那时他们就只需要担心媒体了。
tr	O	他穿着随意，并且他把公文包留在了车里。
tr	O	她的声音带着戏谑，但是她的眼睛却没有。
tr	I	He considered this slender , sweet woman a friend now but he asked , knowing he was breaching several house rules .
tr	O	我仍然很想念丹尼，但是依偎着凯兰感觉很好。
tr	O	加布里埃尔希望他能永远消除那种眼神，但是那是不可能的。
tr	I	He could have stopped her from sacrificing herself for him and all he 'd had to do was pay attention .
tr	I	He didn 't turn away from her , but Adriane grimaced .
tr	I	For some unknown reason , he wanted me , and Logan Mason was a man who got what he wanted .
tr	I	He could see her hands clenched tightly together , and then she paced a few steps , turned .
tr	O	马尔万给了她一个熊抱，并且她开始在他的肩膀上抽泣。
tr	I	Still she looked off down the beach , but he wanted her to look at him .
tr	I	This time it 's a genuine one , if bittersweet , and I return his smile .
tr	I	His heart wasn 't in it , but Dave stepped in a couple of times .
tr	I	Making up lies to get out of practice wasn 't much better , and she told me that laziness was the worst trait in a man .
tr	O	颤抖着，我试图抓住椅子的扶手，但是椅子已经不在那里了。
tr	I	There 'll be no stopping you if he wants it too and if you stay in this room you know what you 'll want .
tr	O	她的力量正在衰退，但是那个先知被堵住了出口。
tr	O	我的名字是梅丽莎，而且这是梅雷迪思。
tr	O	警卫正命令我出去，但是从随后的骚动来看，我知道盖尔不知怎么地把他扣住了。
tr	I	She felt her face flush and Genie 's heart stammered against her chest .
tr	I	She was in danger of burning holes in her feet but she might not break her neck .
tr	O	白色轿车驾驶员一侧的前轮爆炸了，并且汽车严重倾斜地驶离了路面。
tr	I	Then she smiled , and she looked insulted .
tr	I	No way were they going to suicide charge a heavily armoured vehicle and they 're not stupid .
tr	I	I can take care of myself , and I 'm a big girl now .
tr	I	I just didn 't want to give it up , and it was the one feminine aspect of my life .
tr	O	它是粉红色的，而且它很棒。
tr	O	他把它指给尼克看，并且他们跟踪它的轨迹，直到它从视线中消失，落在101高速公路附近。
tr	O	他的眼睛燃烧着怒火，并且他的声音变得沙哑。
tr	I	The name appears to have been hand carved across the top , and it 's made of wood , not cardboard .
tr	O	我开始讨厌性了，而且我还没有体验过。
tr	O	我的心为她而感到疼痛，但是我明白她的精神与我同在。
tr	I	My voice is firm , but fear prickles my skin .
tr	O	她肯定花了整整十五分钟来准备，并且这其中还包括洗了个澡。
tr	I	Maybe she could use a rebound , and Benji hadn 't reached out to her in days .
tr	I	She bit into her trembling bottom lip and her gaze clouded .
tr	I	There are deep lines next to his mouth , and Marcus 's forehead is creased , especially between the eyebrows .
tr	I	He was getting quite anxious that this should not be so , and Arguing would mean that Bill Door remained in the forge .
tr	O	吉赛尔双肩下垂，而且她看起来甚至更憔悴了，这他之前认为是不可能的。
tr	I	Please don 't leave us , but we 'll find a way to get her .
tr	I	He pushed a stray tendril of hair behind her ear and his gaze softened .
tr	I	DARPA was persistent , but Richard secretly hoped that the enhancement program would be closed down .
tr	I	I 'm worried about you , but I know it 's hard .
tr	I	The final treasure was rumored to be an immense star bal , but through the last door they could see only a gigantic tree .
tr	O	我不想失去我的思路，而且当你触碰我时就会发生。
tr	I	Ethan glanced in that direction , too , and Bart turned to stare at the trailer .
tr	O	她的目光落在确凿的证据上，并且她的心脏几乎要冲出胸腔。
tr	O	马歇尔心中的警钟再次敲响，并且他的商业思维再次占据上风。
tr	I	Suspected something had been strung up as a hasty security measure and he 'd caught a flash of light from the area twice .
tr	I	You have to promise to take me out there , and okay , I 'm wearing jeans tomorrow .
tr	I	They weren 't even on the ground yet and Captain Loc had lost five of the twelve men he started with .
tr	O	我不清楚他有什么打算，但是我盲目地跟着他。
tr	O	夜色渐暗，并且杰米始终在我脑海里挥之不去。
tr	I	He stared at me with abhorrence and the patient was very much awake .
tr	I	Eve could see how she had come to that pronouncement and Izzie had called him a gigolo .
tr	I	I couldn 't see the name imprinted on it and the card has been soaked in blood .
tr	I	Several pins left on the rotting stage but the map was missing entirely , leaving nothing .
tr	I	Cassidy couldn 't believe she 'd said that , and Diego 's eyes flickered .
tr	I	How could she say no to Lauren ... but she couldn 't lose Conlan again ?
tr	I	It was spectacular and I hadn 't seen a sunset in months .
tr	O	她不可能使用瞬间移动，然而她却离他很远。
tr	I	It appeared someone was skimming profits off the top , but after three months of operations the casino was making money .
tr	I	He thought she needed to shave her legs and she thought Phil needed to revise his expectations .
tr	O	起初他试图说话，但是当他看到我不喜欢时，他便停止了。
tr	I	He understood the problem immediately , and lucky for her , Gerhard was experienced in the construction trades .
tr	I	Its presence bothered me , but it was of cheap mahogany , like the rest of the furniture .
tr	I	I 'd be lying , but I 'd like to say that a lot was running through my mind at that moment .
tr	I	As he thought , his expression fell , but Nolen 's face looked a little confused .
tr	I	Luckily enough other seats had been found so that everyone could sit , but there was a big empty area where the sofa had been .
tr	O	我以为我知道如何屏蔽那些声音，但是当我在酒吧里时，我失去了控制。
tr	I	She rolled over to face me , putting her fingers lightly to my face and I squeezed her tighter .
tr	O	学校里的每个初中生都知道这件事已经两周了，并且到目前为止连最微小的谣言都没有泄露出去。
tr	I	Then I hear a voice , but I can still hear his breathing down the phone .
tr	I	I 've no choice other than to believe him , but I 'm still not sure if he 's telling the truth .
tr	I	Even mounting a proper guard was difficult with the manpower they had , and any number of the town 's dwellings stood vacant .
tr	O	这很好，但是这在考试中并没有真正帮助。
tr	I	She was breathing very deeply and her cheeks were slightly red .
tr	O	她离开的时间比他预期的要长，并且当她回来时，她的表情很困扰。
tr	I	The rest of the team mauls us , and Mitch crashes into me for a hug .
tr	O	我知道我在这件事上对你很严厉，但是这仅仅是因为你们俩的关系如此不稳定，所以我知道这会引起问题。
tr	O	我希望我能解释，但是那会适得其反。
tr	O	他把裙子拉到她的臀部上方，并且他的呼吸就随着一声长长的呻吟停住了。
tr	O	一个人比所有其他人都战得更拼命，并且阿列克谢·瓦西里首领派队伍到每个城市，以集结能够召集到的兵力。
tr	O	人们正朝着各个不同的方向移动，但是很快，我们会到达一条没有人有任何理由去走的走廊。
tr	O	她的语气很中立，但是我感受到在那突然变得严肃的蓝色眼神背后潜藏着紧张。
tr	O	一对中年夫妇转过头来盯着看，并且一只狗开始狂吠。
tr	I	The guard , still under Adrian 's influence , blocked their way , but the two Alchemists tried to come after us .
tr	O	有一次她旷课整整一周，并且莱利过于活跃的想象力编造了一系列离奇古怪的幻想来解释她的缺席。
tr	I	I instinctively turned to look , but I don 't know why .
tr	I	We waited for some time to gather our composure , and the opera ended .
tr	I	The red-haired woman batted it away , but somebody flung a rock at him .
tr	I	That didn 't mean she wasn 't prepared , but he knew she wasn 't presently seeing anyone .
tr	I	She didn 't want to stop it , and Kelly knew exactly where they were headed .
tr	I	Carson had dragged Will to the Sand Hole , one of his favorite bars in San Diego and it was Monday night .
tr	I	Robyn made no comment and he replied .
tr	O	游客们蜂拥而入，并且到处都是新鲜的肉。
tr	I	She appeared to glow and Color came back in Katherine 's face .
tr	O	他让性欲战胜了他的常识，并且现在她处于危险之中。
tr	O	他会打破一些东西，并且世界就会终结。
tr	I	The bulky footman watched her with his cold , blank stare , and Denis looked out the window as though Alice did not exist .
tr	O	她曾试图逃跑，而且弗里茨总是把她带回来。
tr	O	她吃了一惊，她的目光飞向他的，并且她的手指紧握。
tr	I	You 'll find a complete record of it inscribed on a stele in a Las Vegas temple of gambling , and it was a fiercely fought battle .
tr	I	At least he 'd circumvented any requirement to do so , and making polite conversation with him would have been difficult .
tr	I	We shall see how well your spells defend you there , and I will send you to a place of true danger .
tr	I	Clary followed his gaze , and Jace 's eyes moved around the room .
tr	I	They were hesitant to ask either one about it , but the others noticed the change in both of them .
tr	I	His name was Melvin Jeffrey and he had the adoption papers .
tr	I	Parker was on her left and Faye was on her right .
tr	O	与加拿大的战争已经结束，并且她属于帝国。
tr	O	第四十七章 我用我的临时安保通行证进入了后面房间，并且虽然当时还是白天，你在这里永远不会知道。
tr	O	他们聊了一会儿他们的旅程，而且希瑟告诉他杰森是如何梦想尝试环游整个世界的。
tr	O	我们四目相对，而且在他美丽的蓝色眼睛里，他告诉我保持冷静。
tr	O	没有人对她说话，而且她没有看到任何救援人员。
tr	O	这看起来像是在一艘游轮上进行的紧急集合演习，就在饮料倒好并且船驶向热带天堂之前。
tr	O	她不得不咬紧嘴唇，以免说出他的名字，并且一声呻吟从她喉咙里发出。
tr	I	She cried out again and he banged her shoulder into the wall .
tr	I	He was not enthused with the idea of having strangers trudging through his house but he knew he needed help .
tr	I	She ignored them , but her fangs burned .
tr	O	水会涨到我们房子周围，并且我们就会无处可去。
tr	I	She could see everything and they were stood at the far end of the city walls , right above the cliff drop below .
tr	I	It was equally obvious that it was also the reason for the enemy invasion , and there was no other reason to defend the area .
tr	O	离伊丹只有几步之遥，并且那人跪了下来。
tr	O	我们已经租了它们，并且已经付了款。
tr	I	That didn 't mean anything , but he wasn 't a registered practitioner .
tr	I	You never have your finger on the trigger unless you plan to fire it , and the end you point must always be pointed away from people .
tr	O	凯夫拉防弹衣会阻止子弹撕裂你的身体，但是冲击力仍会留下可怕的淤青。
tr	I	It wasn 't the place and it wasn 't the time .
tr	I	His legs were stuck , but he tried to run .
tr	O	蒂克感到一阵困惑，但是索菲亚在他开口前就说话了。
tr	I	My heart started to heave in my chest and I looked out the window again .
tr	O	她紧紧抓住柜台边缘，并且她的嘴张着，僵持在一次吸气中。
tr	O	她在卧室里，并且感觉就像她自己的私人水疗中心。
tr	I	I hope she doesn 't look too deeply because I 'm not sure what she 'll find , and her eyes search mine .
tr	O	外面某处有危险，并且他必须找到它的路径。
tr	I	This is the image that popped into his head , but when I asked Sam if he knew where they went , he said no .
tr	I	Annie could read between the lines but Grant didn 't openly acknowledge that .
tr	I	He doesn 't move , but he 's so close .
tr	I	Javier didn 't care , but it wasn 't elegant .
tr	O	艾米邪恶地笑着站着，并且当丽兹走近时她开始说话。
tr	I	It must be pretty bad considering his alarmed expression , but I don 't know exactly how I look .
tr	I	She seems startled by it and a tear escapes one eye .
tr	I	She didn 't want Joe to be part of this terrible process and because she felt more at home with someone she considered beneath her ?
tr	I	I 'm testing it out and I just set up the system .
tr	O	就在那时铃声响了，并且所有人都鱼贯回到了学校。
tr	I	Though she didn 't worship at Bellevue she knew someone who did , and Gran 's older daughter , my aunt Betty , lived in Memphis .
tr	I	An acrid smoky taste slid over her tongue , and her eyes burned .
tr	O	看到她这样让我心如刀绞，并且我那时就知道我不能离开她。
tr	I	Rage drove me now , but I hadn 't been able to take down that mountain lion .
tr	O	接待区，它几个小时前还不存在，远非完美，但是这是一个开始。
tr	O	他叫了她的名字，并且她倒在他身上。
tr	I	God knows what and it 's littered with rocks .
tr	I	You could be there , too , and the Crypt could be that club .
tr	I	She was missing a big hunk of something between her ears , but it wasn 't exactly nice .
tr	I	He grunted and Chapter Twenty Rose stood so quickly that she stepped on Sasha 's foot .
tr	I	His expression hardened , and his other eye narrowed .
tr	O	没有噪音，没有自信的声音，但是它很合适；我的心病态地跳了一下。
tr	O	基因型是可辨认的，并且那个名字具有暗示性。
tr	I	Julia sat on the edge of the bed she knew she 'd share with Gio that night , and he closed the door behind him .
tr	I	My sister isn 't an idle person , but it 's not going to be pretty .
tr	O	我知道我不应该那样闯进去，但是我对他如此生气。
tr	I	He leaned over and papa 's attention dropped to the desk .
tr	I	A storm is predicted for tomorrow and I am not expected at Sanctuary for two more weeks .
tr	I	I swallow and my voice trembles .
tr	O	我把自己拉了上去，用墙壁支撑我，但是墙壁上涂满了黏液，黏液渗到了我手上。
tr	O	Milo需要一个妈妈，并且如果你走了，他就不能拥有。
tr	I	I am strong and I am big .
tr	I	Now she was back , but she 'd run out after Quinn .
tr	O	母亲看起来很累，并且孩子们看起来很暴躁。
tr	I	That could 've been partly her fault , but Oh granted he once frightened her on the front porch .
tr	I	I sank onto a nearby rock , and my arm throbbed .
tr	I	His voice spoke of jarring tone and his face was desolated .
tr	I	His skin was pale and his hair was grey .
tr	O	他黑色的虹膜里蕴含着万千情感，并且尽管欲望仍然存在，但也有更深层次的东西。
tr	I	From here , I won 't be able to hear them , but I move cautiously toward the window .
tr	I	I could see sweat pebble along Maggie 's collar bone and the sun was hot .
tr	I	Still we both remained silent , but I heard the door close behind him .
tr	I	He sat on the floor between her knees while she brushed the tangles from his hair , and she perched on the edge of the bed .
tr	O	他正在双黑钻雪道上进行一次精彩的滑行，并且我们都在沿着斜坡飞驰而下。
tr	I	Within seconds the door was open , and I heard Bethany say something incoherently .
tr	I	There was no one left to spell her , but she looked as though stubborn will alone was keeping her from collapsing .
tr	O	安妮心想，内特显然没有和南希小姐进行过太多交谈，但是他确实有道理。
tr	O	他走路时心不在焉，但是他的双脚知道要带他去他多年来一直去的那个房间。
tr	I	It was somehow consumed with a nameless fear , yet my mind was still blank .
tr	I	Cara definitely wouldn 't mind continuing their time together , and it had been too long since Alexa had given herself permission to relax .
tr	I	Nikki settled herself into her recliner and he sat down on the couch .
tr	O	因为他们都在这里，他们都在等待……，但是他们不会永远等待。
tr	I	I couldn 't catch up , but I kept running after you as they pulled you away .
tr	O	电梯门叮地一声开了，并且一个穿着燕尾服的男人用看起来像开信刀的东西刺穿了一个希区柯克式金发女郎的喉咙。
tr	O	她伸出双手，并且他握住了她的手。
tr	I	I turned back to the guy I was healing , and my heart skipped .
tr	O	他的脸颊泛红，并且他那略尖的鼻子因为刚洗过还微微发亮。
tr	I	She shivered , a tiny little moan slipping past her lips , and his tongue darted out to flick across the pulse hammering at her throat .
tr	O	在与马克相遇的过程中他一直出奇地安静，并且克莱丽现在听到他说话感到吃惊。
tr	O	我的肺烧灼得更厉害，并且我再次跪倒在地，大口喘着气。
tr	I	It felt good and my body felt electrically charge .
tr	I	She reached for my hand , and her blue eyes filled with concern .
tr	I	All the staff were kept busy and soon the patients began to arrive .
tr	I	We both know it and that 's a lie .
tr	O	艾薇儿从未醒来，并且我把那个梦藏在心里。
tr	O	Shane 的身体在他倒下时颤抖着，并且邓肯把那个吸血鬼拖了出去。
tr	I	That 's all and he is blind .
tr	I	You made me believe in myself , and you 've always believed in me .
tr	I	If only he would give her more , faster , she knew it would get better , and each slide was an agony of ecstasy .
tr	O	她是一位了不起的治疗师，并且这在她的工作中体现出来。
tr	I	She couldn 't remember anyone by that name , but Daphne could have worked at the museum before she left .
tr	I	I summon all my strength to fight the shaking of my body and my stomach is in knots .
tr	O	有个大家伙撞到了她身后的树上，并且整棵树都摇晃起来，几乎把她震了下来。
tr	I	For the actual wedding , she hadn 't given a honeymoon any thought and Maryellen had been so involved with plans for her move .
tr	O	她看不到他们，但是某种与生俱来的感觉促使她后退。
tr	O	她在我身后呼唤，但是我已经走了。
tr	I	This was not his real home , but there is no doubt he would have lived here , some times .
tr	I	I didn 't abide by the rules , and you asked for the summer .
tr	I	Tightened his jaw , as if desperately trying to pay attention to her words instead of her half-naked body and he swallowed hard .
tr	O	我不理解你，但是我确实爱你。
tr	O	她没有再哭，但是她紧紧地靠近我，尽可能地依偎在我怀里。
tr	O	在黑暗中可能有很多东西在监视着他，并且他永远不会知道。
tr	I	It was almost like a touch of honey , but there was something else there that Selena couldn 't describe .
tr	I	He pins his palms to his temples , and the man 's face is contorted with pain .
tr	O	她看起来很虚弱，几乎是无助的，但是她的眼神里有某种东西让我毛骨悚然。
tr	O	随着克隆体变形，他们被抛了回去，并且巨大的红色幻影矗立着。
tr	O	在这一层，警笛声听起来很微弱，像一个不再重要的遥远威胁，而且我意识到我一定很接近了。
tr	O	珍妮没有，但是她确信他无论如何都会告诉他们。
tr	O	乔治把胳膊搭在阿玛的肩膀上，并且他们相视一笑。
tr	I	I knew there must be a reason Dank didn 't tell me and I 'd had enough time to think about it .
tr	I	It terrified me and I saw a gun at his hip as he held out his hand .
tr	O	我昨晚打了很多架，并且我的压力一直很大。
tr	O	他们可以隐蔽在茂密的灌木丛中，并且这会比坐着等待更好。
tr	I	I can 't imagine what it is , but something is wrong .
tr	I	I wasn 't okay generally but I was okay that day .
tr	O	我轻轻地蘸了一下，并且当湿巾接触到时，他的皮肤绷紧了。
tr	O	我非常相信教育的价值，并且即使这有助于你的事业腾飞，你也必须完成你的学位。
tr	O	她对他的触碰所做的反应是一个男人梦寐以求的一切，并且他对她的渴望也同样强烈。
tr	I	Will said we weren 't -- but I had worried that we were making it too obvious .
tr	I	I 'd damn sure given you the twice over , but you might not have given me a second look .
tr	O	她最终会摆脱魔咒，但是这将需要数千年的时间。
tr	I	They should have burned him , sure as acid , but the ashes had stung .
tr	O	我的嘴角弯了起来，并且我有些震惊地意识到我正在微笑——这是我很少做的事情。
tr	I	He had found her , and he was real .
tr	I	His breathing became regular , and his head sagged .
tr	O	她的手指紧紧地抓住方向盘，并且在很长一段时间里，她只是直视前方，透过挡风玻璃望出去。
tr	O	在这种情况下这看起来很愚蠢，但是他已经问过了。
tr	I	She held her head steady , but Emma could feel her lip trembling .
tr	O	凯瑟琳会演奏三种乐器，但是她不会唱歌。
tr	I	You break all of ' em , and I take you to town to sell eggs .
tr	O	我妈妈没有生气，据我所知，但是她却不断地通过后视镜观察我们俩。
tr	I	At practice it was necessary for us to work together as a team , but Tucker hated me from a distance for most of the day .
tr	O	他不信任这些人中的大多数，并且他肯定不信任麦克斯。
tr	O	华纳一直想帮助她，并且他不知道怎么做。
tr	O	我又受到了长时间的注视，但是这次注视中带着一丝尊重。
tr	O	现在我非常孤独，并且这感觉不对劲。
tr	I	Nothing was out of the ordinary , but he glanced around at his surroundings .
tr	O	吊带裙和睡衣没什么两样，并且我还没和她熟到可以裸睡。
tr	O	我转向马利克，恳求着，但是他像一座冰冷的雕像般站着。
tr	I	He obliged , and she needed him desperately .
tr	O	毕竟吸血鬼是不朽的，并且和他们中的任何一个结仇都得不偿失。
tr	O	爸爸很高兴能当爷爷，并且妈妈喜出望外地有了两个孙辈。
tr	O	Cassidy 用一个哈欠掩饰了她的兴趣，但是警卫们警觉起来。
tr	I	From his point , that was exactly what Misty was doing and he would not let himself be manipulated .
tr	I	I stayed at a hotel and she stayed in the penthouse .
tr	I	Each gave me hope that everything would be okay , and they seemed to shrink as we went along , making room for the new ones .
tr	O	他的嘴角滑过一丝微笑，并且我看到他迅速扫视我的身体。
tr	I	He was avoiding Debbie 's eye contact with stupendous control and his arms were crossed .
tr	O	他想让她拥有它，但是现在不是时候。
tr	O	反正他当时正在卖一些东西，但是他要价太高了。
tr	O	这里的土壤很肥沃，而且当它拥抱你时，它的治愈特性会让你焕发活力。
tr	O	一团灰色的雾气涌出，并且他向后退了一步，嗅着。
tr	I	Her voice caught low in her throat , but Natalie tried to speak .
tr	O	梅兰妮似乎很不舒服，并且然后她叹了口气。
tr	O	那个蓝精灵也不想醒来，并且她像一只将死的猫一样呜呜作响，在最终启动之前。
tr	O	它对她来说就像一个真正的家，并且她的确很想念它。
tr	I	I wanted to stay here instead , but I knew I had to leave , to go to college .
tr	I	She didn 't , but I asked her if she knew where they were now .
tr	I	With such powerful firmness , they all jumped , but Dorian stated quietly .
tr	I	I put my arms around his neck , burying my face between his shoulder blades , and he bends .
tr	I	She beat me to it but I was just about to speak .
tr	I	This isn 't the big city , but no lights shine inside the cabin .
tr	O	我需要你的帮助，并且我需要尽快得到它。
tr	I	He was good for things like that , but his dad wasn 't good for much .
tr	I	He started his explanation over and she did as he said .
tr	I	No one gave me any shocked looks , but I felt conspicuous walking through the lobby .
tr	I	I tell you I was that nervous , and she tells me to set down the tray on the table in front of them .
tr	I	Before it could catch up , another shadow dropped , and my brain was slow to process what was happening .
tr	I	One of us was going to have to speak , but I wasn 't sure if he was staying for dinner .
tr	O	她不认为自己是世界上最有趣的人，但是她肯定比今晚的约会对象更有吸引力。
tr	I	It wasn 't an experience I wanted to repeat , and I 'd never been punched , however .
tr	O	我们互相照应，并且我们也没有因为一些鸡毛蒜皮的嫉妒而试图拆散我们中的任何一个。
tr	O	我绷紧的身体更加紧绷，但是他停在了五英尺外。
tr	I	I immediately see the distance I 'm about to fall and the force of the waves pound me over the edge .
tr	O	没有其他人能做到这一点，并且老实说，也没有多少人想做。
tr	O	她充满激情地呻吟着他的名字，并且这让他陷入了狂热。
tr	O	秒钟过得像分钟，并且分钟拖得像小时。
tr	O	我可能不太相信预言，但是我已经开始相信你了。
tr	I	I repressed a shiver at the memory , and an image of Jax 's violent beating flashed through my mind .
tr	O	浪花拍岸的声音弥漫在空气中，并且远处他听到一声乌鸦的尖叫。
tr	O	她和他一样，都是成熟的成年人，并且当她做出承诺时，她会遵守。
tr	O	这是一个可靠的方法，并且它每次都有效。
tr	O	我是个白痴，而且一直以来他都在耍我。
tr	O	他们决定乘坐一辆车旅行，并且由于巡洋舰无法容纳六个人，布是显而易见的选择。
tr	I	Veena looks way surprised , but I 'm pleased that Dad is proud of me .
tr	I	They 'd been cruelly parted because she became pregnant for Evie and he 'd enjoyed a teenage romance with her mother .
tr	I	Strands of it stick against my face and my hair falls out of its neat bun .
tr	O	她能感觉到她脸上的皮肤活了过来，并且她周围的空气在搅动。
tr	I	His hand went through , but Vic tried to tap my shoulder .
tr	I	You 're very lucky to have him , and that 's a rare breed , child .
tr	I	She 's gone bright red and her aura is embarrassed now .
tr	I	I just wasn 't hungry anymore , but I knew I needed to eat .
tr	O	生意兴隆，而且我们却太无知了，没有看到我们正在为自己的垮台提供手段。
tr	O	我的哭声在树林中回荡，但是我孤身一人。
tr	I	I grinned suddenly , and my back straightened .
tr	O	库尔的咆哮震耳欲聋，并且随之而来的沙尘暴是迄今为止最糟糕的。
tr	O	后台门吱呀作响，并且我意识到我们离得有多近。
tr	I	It couldn 't keep its solid form , but the shadow cat probably weighed around forty pounds , all muscle .
tr	O	他说他想来看看玛布所有的宝藏，但是实际上，我认为他只是想和他的客户们社交。
tr	I	I just couldn 't stop and I broke into a crying fit .
tr	O	卡利俄珀说道，当时我们正在等待亨利回来，并且她挠了挠波戈粉红色的肚子。
tr	I	His dabbling frequently ends up being disastrous , and Father has an overpowering urge to dabble in things .
tr	I	That fact warmed him , and he knew Fionn had her back .
tr	O	似乎没有即将发生袭击的证据，但是尽管如此，每个人都保持警惕——除了搬运工。
tr	O	我努力不退缩，但是当然，凯登捕捉到了它，立即将嘴转向我的脖子一侧。
tr	O	我爸爸用拇指轻敲扶手，并且妈妈只是安静地站着。
tr	I	She shakes her head and I ask .
tr	O	我只是想亲自欢迎你加入团队，并且如果你有任何顾虑，我都会敞开大门。
tr	O	他们需要更多时间来设置爆炸，并且我需要某种奇迹才能让罗布自由。
tr	O	他的声音变得安静，他下巴紧绷，但是他的眼睛，紧盯着特里斯坦的，燃烧着警告。
tr	I	Suddenly he looked like he had an idea , and Ben saw that .
tr	I	There is no Afterlife and there are no Gods .
tr	O	克里斯汀什么也没说，并且过了一会儿，妈妈安慰性地把手放在克里斯汀手上。
tr	O	三周后，他就能永远抱着她了，但是在那之前，他不能再见到她。
tr	O	他们一直在努力工作，并且他气喘吁吁。
tr	I	I needed my time alone , but it 's not like I had a death wish .
tr	O	我们每天晚上都看到你在那里，但是你看起来很喜欢。
tr	I	Her lips formed that freakish smile and when she saw Dorothy , she blinked with glittering eyes filled with greed .
tr	O	你们在课堂上仍然坐在一起，但是现在不同了。
tr	O	我那天晚上可能把我的骄傲留在了舞池里，但是今晚我肯定不会再那样做了。
tr	O	我突然吸了一口气，并且米卡笑了。
tr	O	杜兰特知道自己被人利用了，但是很难生气。
tr	I	It was not an unfamiliar feeling , but I was heartbroken .
tr	I	I lacked the motive and I have said I lacked the ability .
tr	O	交流……并且拥有……对一位神明的情感，一位君王应具备。
tr	I	Nothing came out , but her mouth opened .
tr	I	It wasn 't Terrance 's , but a strong , familiar voice asked .
tr	I	Cara sits at another , and Marcus sits at one of the computers .
tr	O	他的手以如此温柔的方式拂过她裸露的皮肤，仿佛她是由易碎的瓷器制成，并且他害怕弄碎她。
tr	I	Charlie always felt crowded , but the food was excellent .
tr	I	I guessed it was from the refueling , but there was a taint of oil in the air .
tr	O	夜幕已完全降临，并且第一件映入我眼帘的事情是我的钻机在前景中燃烧的景象。
tr	I	She was there and I needed comfort .
tr	O	柳儿看到几种情绪掠过德克兰的脸，但是他最终只是看起来很生气。
tr	I	The twisted irony of it was not lost upon him , and he still couldn 't quite understand it .
tr	O	我看不到任何人，但是有卫兵在走动，巡逻着。
tr	O	在德里克来不及回应之前，课就开始了，并且他们的代数老师就是那位绝不容忍任何闲聊的足球教练。
tr	O	我瞥了威尔一眼，并且他无视了我无声的抗议。
tr	O	它的眼睛水汪汪的，并且它的嘴唇因严厉的评判而紧抿着。
tr	I	I knew it and it was terrible .
tr	O	我气愤地张开嘴，但是我气得说不出话来。
tr	I	She was thrown to the bed , and he kicked opened the door .
tr	O	她在寻找希望，并且我却无能提供。
tr	I	Otto went crashing into the far wall and Nick threw his hand out .
tr	O	这意味着他正走在找到答案的正确轨道上，但是复仇女神却不打算将它给他。
tr	I	When she was done , she returned to the chair just across from Zoe and it only took her a moment to finish the task .
tr	I	The skull crashed to flaming bits under his swinging sword , and with a curse Valerian leaped , lithe as a panther .
tr	O	我想让他开始说话，但是他这次似乎语塞了，紧张地玩弄着他夹克的木制纽扣。
tr	O	她已经向自己证明了她能做到，但是她却不想继续了。
tr	I	He had to make the suggestion , but it wasn 't what he wanted .
tr	O	他曾建议她参加戒酒会，但是她拒绝了，市长夫人绝不可能出现在戒酒会。
tr	I	It vanished , but I tried to correspond using one of the diaries that I had packed .
tr	I	We were still for a moment and I wrapped my legs around his waist .
tr	I	I advise you to remember my answer , and I am glad you raised the point .
tr	O	他这样做很恶毒，但是这很值得。
tr	O	他突然兴奋起来，并且他搓着双手。
tr	O	她向后倒去，直直地朝着地板，但是强壮的手臂在她摔下之前抓住了她。
tr	O	保罗松开手中的鹅卵石，并且它们溅落在沙滩上。
tr	O	我们曾经共同拥有的一切（现在看来一无所有）都消失了，并且我必须继续前行。
tr	I	I shook it , and he held out his hand .
tr	O	她回头看向舞台，并且我循着她的目光望去。
tr	O	这次晋升将包括大幅加薪，并且这将使他处于一个重要的位置。
tr	O	艾奥娜喜欢克莱，但是她对他感到有点不安。
tr	I	No one has found any leads , but Command is actively searching for them .
tr	O	他手里拿着一杯咖啡，而且他深色头发的发梢仍然是湿的。
tr	O	并非因为她做过任何事让他认为她真的对他有感情，但是有些事情改变了。
tr	I	I knew this and I 'd been in Cressida 's presence for an hour .
tr	O	下落的高度勉强十英尺，而且他窗户下的雪堆轻易地缓冲了他的跌落。
tr	O	玻璃碎了，而且当我闭上眼睛时我看到了一层细密的红色薄雾。
tr	O	事务所的另一位合伙人洛根·惠特克也在处理J.D.的遗嘱，但是他并没有比沃尔特透露更多信息。
tr	O	我的嘴唇开始颤抖，而且我需要花点时间冷静下来。
tr	I	Already Pilcher is breathless , his legs threatening to seize up with cramps , and they walk toward a Humvee parked at the entrance to a tunnel .
tr	I	Laurence was there an hour later , and Delilah give him her address .
tr	I	He best just stay out of it and he feels that he 's just beginning to be friends with Ron .
tr	O	苏珊娜正在付钱给私家侦探去追踪杰克，但是这段时间他却一直在他们眼皮底下。
tr	O	詹米的发明失败了，然而他们却穿过了力场。
tr	O	他的表情比平时更加神秘莫测，并且她不自觉地脸红了。
tr	I	I looked up and he didn 't shy away .
tr	I	Sara tried to engage their father in conversation and Charles quickly scooted around to his seat .
tr	I	We do have manners , but we may be yokels up here .
tr	O	我的胃更不舒服了，并且我不知道为什么。
tr	O	她没有说出来，但是他明白她的意思。
tr	I	I don 't regret that for a second , and I gave it to you .
tr	I	It was too much for me , but he was looking for another tag .
tr	O	他们需要我的帮助，因为他是一名演员，并且他受到很好的保护。
tr	I	He no longer cared for anything except his dry throat , but in his haste he banged his shoulder on one .
tr	O	我回头偷偷看了一眼那个英俊的男人，但是他却不见踪影。
tr	I	The tremors began to ease away but Rosebud , fitting easily into her palm , licked her little lips nervously .
tr	O	这家店也兼作邮局，并且他惊讶地发现自己收到了一封信。
tr	O	J.C.的任何笑容看起来都半像是不悦，但是我很久以前就学会了不再被他吓倒。
tr	I	It doesn 't work , but I try the current code on my phone .
tr	I	She was wanted as a material witness , but they had arrested him for the murder .
tr	I	We stopped at Victor 's car and we walked out to the parking lot .
tr	I	It was obvious that it had troubled her greatly , but he did not know what had happened with Luther .
tr	I	I couldn 't recall , but I tried to remember if I had seen her hanging out with any particular crowd .
tr	O	其他人患上糖尿病，通常是由于暴饮暴食，并且他们确实患有这种疾病，因为他们的身体以前没有经历过没有它的生活。
tr	I	We did and Jones shouted .
tr	I	I feel my stomach muscles contract as my breath catches in my throat and he slides one finger , then another , easily into my vagina .
tr	I	It wasn 't a brilliant , bright one either and a new world had suddenly crashed into my consciousness .
tr	O	他的身体垮了下来，并且他看起来万念俱灰。
tr	I	Others were in the direct sunlight and some were shaded with enormous trees .
tr	O	我再次挣扎着站起来，并且我的枪掉落在地，发出咔嗒声。
tr	I	My frantic heartbeat starts to slow and the pressure on my chest begins to lessen .
tr	I	It was anybody 's guess what gender he was , but Thomas Jefferson wore his trademark powdered wig .
tr	O	卡梅隆转过身，取回了剪刀，并且她剪开了盒子侧面的透明包装胶带。
tr	O	她的头垂得更低了，并且她仍然什么也没说。
tr	I	Charles was in the hallway , but I didn 't see Ian .
tr	I	The announcer cautioned everyone to prepare for power outages and the storm cell headed their way looked pretty serious .
tr	O	他紧握住我的臀部，以至于我以为他的手指可能会留下瘀伤，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	铃响了，并且所有人都站了起来。
tr	O	我假想的时钟上的时间大概已经过去了一整分钟，并且这栋建筑仍然完好无损。
tr	O	他正被缓慢地拉动着，并且尽管他确信自己没有移动，不知怎么地他却越来越近了。
tr	I	Of course there was Rose , and he had not nearly accomplished everything he wished to do there .
tr	O	他非常虚弱，并且对我们这类人毫无招架之力，并非如此。
tr	I	His brother cuts him off , but he looks ready to ask another question .
tr	O	两名警察守在它两侧，并且当他们注意到我试图往里看时，其中一人便上前关上了它。
tr	I	There were simply too many watching for Ant to be able to make his move and he reached his BMW around thirty seconds before Ant got there .
tr	O	布鲁斯腹部中了两枪，并且他的鸟也被其中一个缠住了。
tr	I	He planned to follow as soon as he could and she 'd driven herself .
tr	O	他打开了门，并且我跟着他进去了。
tr	O	他大半辈子都是执法人员，并且我认为他也非常清楚自己在做什么。
tr	O	我见过很多，但是我从没见过那样的事。
tr	O	如今这些房子更旧了，并且这一次一切都很熟悉。
tr	O	这项任务一开始看似困难，但是她过于谨慎的行为反而拖慢了她的速度。
tr	O	当你处理任何主题时，你都在教育自己，但是你的教育在作品完成后仍在继续。
tr	O	你不会相信的，但是一个鬼魂试图引诱我。
tr	O	不久，我们到达了我们骑行穿过的小溪，但是现在它已经变成了一股汹涌的洪流。
tr	I	He stared at her , and Tyrone 's black hair was cut short .
tr	I	She never said what the truth was , but Maggie often mentioned telling Sam the truth .
tr	I	Her lips that were once red are blue and she 's wearing a long , floral dress .
tr	I	As it opened , I started to cry and I knocked on the door .
tr	I	Nothing can overtake this pain I feel , but I should be elated at the sight .
tr	O	阿特拉斯不知道，但是她曾是俄克拉荷马街头的一名瘾君子。
tr	O	他的眼睛有点狂热，并且它们从一个地方跳到另一个地方。
tr	I	My heart started beating again and I sucked in a breath .
tr	O	她轻轻地将他的头拉向她柔软的腹部，并且然后她慢慢跪下，直到她仰望着他的脸。
tr	O	她本以为他会示意飞行员，但是他反而坐了回去，看起来比以前更加坚定。
tr	I	That made him feel very vulnerable and the men that were killed last night were his secret special forces .
tr	O	他的牙齿擦过她，但是他没有咬。
tr	I	Nothing happened , but I waited for a few moments , hoping my eyes would adjust .
tr	O	闻起来很香，但是萨迪不想浪费任何时间。
tr	I	Now I 'm too old to straighten them out , and I didn 't see that until it was too late , of course .
tr	O	我们被迫南迁，并且我们的人民遭受了巨大的痛苦。
tr	I	It didn 't take Savanna long to feel it for herself and I could feel myself getting hard .
tr	I	Charlie produced a new rug for which he charged the jeweller a massively inflated price and the wooden floor boards were washed .
tr	I	The scream had not come from her throat , but the woman 's body wracked in their grip .
tr	O	雷声已平息，并且现在只有蒙蒙细雨落下。
tr	O	格温喊了一声“是”，然后伦诺克斯离开了，并且卡利正转身走回更衣室。
tr	O	我一直没注意，但是这部分刺痛我的大脑。
tr	I	John felt no sympathy , but she was weeping now .
tr	O	他以前就对她一长串的情人发表过评论，并且他以为她打算和他们俩调情。
tr	O	再泡个热水澡会很舒服，但是流水可能会打扰到婴儿。
tr	O	他的侧脸睡着时和醒着时一样坚毅，但是他却多了一丝脆弱。
tr	I	The city streets were quiet , and it was after midnight .
tr	O	她叹了口气，并且她那温暖、巧克力般的目光捕捉到了我。
tr	I	This did not matter , but of course there was no ledge there a minute ago .
tr	O	他们的旅程不可思议，但是那就是问题所在。
tr	O	她一直在努力戒掉，但是压力却让人做出蠢事。
tr	O	反正里面只装着几件衣服，并且我也确定那不是乔治·马歇尔的。
tr	I	She appeared as if she might faint , and her face flushed a deep red .
tr	I	Everything would be as it should be and I prayed that I would wake up .
tr	O	她的鼻子皱了起来，并且她猛地后退，看着我。
tr	I	He didn 't fight me on it , but I was the one who ended it .
tr	O	我用手摩擦他的手臂来温暖他，但是他的衣服正滴着海水，他全身都在发抖。
tr	O	我本来打算告诉你的，但是我妈妈却太早回家了。
tr	O	吸尘器安静了，并且他仍然没有说服她。
tr	I	She smiled , and Lucas 's voice pulled her attention up .
tr	I	I slapped him on the back , and then it caught me .
tr	I	My eyes drifted down to the perfect heart arch , and her lips parted , her breath picking up pace .
tr	I	My entire body threatened to collapse and my eyes burned .
tr	I	The sycophantic women chortled on cue , and Ashleigh impersonated Dawn 's chuckle perfectly .
tr	I	His face came into focus and I looked at the guy again .
tr	O	好吧，也许不是更震惊，但是我还是相当震惊。
tr	I	He preferred it to the scent of blood , but its foreignness stung his nostrils .
tr	O	科拉的手猛地捂住嘴巴，抑制住一声惊呼，并且她挤过人群走向那微弱发光的监狱。
tr	I	With a highly qualified pilot on board , he was going to have some fun but the landing could be done by the computer .
tr	I	I would never hurt you , but I have some dominant tendencies .
tr	O	艺术家协会认为寺庙收留了他们，并且寺庙则认为艺术家收留了他们。
tr	O	有几个人在外面散步，但是杰西却不见踪影。
tr	O	他似乎吃了一惊，但是我却猛烈地点头，避开眼神接触。
tr	O	菲奇的人正在检查，但是没有人期望能找到任何东西。
tr	I	I could dream , but I didn 't think either of those options were a possibility .
tr	I	In a few seconds , he scraped Ainsley 's ball back to bare mud , and his longer arm allowed his mallet to reach under the brush .
tr	I	Her lip began to tremble , and she flinched at my tone .
tr	O	她靠得更近了，并且我紧紧地抱住了她。
tr	O	你看，我一直在仔细观察所有年轻的已婚夫妇，并且这是我所看到的。
tr	O	弗莱彻没有和她说话，并且塔米也没有和他说话。
tr	I	My confidence grew exponentially and she blushed beneath me .
tr	O	他的兜帽放下了，并且他那青铜色的眼睛怒视着我。
tr	I	He wasn 't strong enough , but he tried to follow me .
tr	O	弹药筒消失在夜色中，并且我重重地摔在了地上。
tr	I	The trout were in a positive frenzy , but I 'm not sure exactly why .
tr	I	She too returned to the Parker 's house , and Renny 's work was done at the household .
tr	I	I didn 't think I was doing so bad , but I know I 'm not anywhere near my classmates .
tr	O	凯蒂有一个鲜艳的紫色头盔，并且杰森的是红色的。
tr	I	We began to see this demon , but at first we suspected our own as though a criminal lived among us .
tr	O	他那和善的笑声温暖了整张桌子，但是露西安娜看起来怒气冲冲。
tr	O	他上周因此同意不提起指控，但是我不能再回去那里。
tr	O	她认识她右边联排别墅的住户，但是左边的最近才租出去。
tr	I	Suddenly you 're choosing now to get upset , and humiliating you was the cornerstone of the agreement .
tr	I	She had no choice in the matter , and everything about her would change .
tr	O	他把胳膊给她，并且他们一起沿着路走去。
tr	O	当然，他们吃了一片披萨，但是那只给他们的消化系统带来了平静。
tr	I	I definitely knew I was scared out of my mind , but I had not the slightest idea what it was then .
tr	O	莎莉很同情，但是保罗表面之下对厄运的意识让她觉得很难。
tr	O	他的薯条洒到了草地上，但是他并没有在意。
tr	I	He knew what he wanted to do , what needed to be done and a profound sensation of love swept through him once more .
tr	O	我知道我们必须处理葬礼事宜，但是几个小时不会有什么区别。
tr	O	他的脸很严肃，但是我立刻认出了他。
tr	O	一名线卫攻击了他的膝盖，但是他继续摆动双腿。
tr	I	He knew that they had an extra bedroom , but he didn 't know where all of this would go .
tr	I	His visits had become more infrequent , and he never did .
tr	I	It was worth the risk to be here now , but there were so many things that could go wrong , like I could have easily died .
tr	I	The 64th was in Trinidad , and the 40th was in Panama .
tr	I	His chest rumbles with a groan against me , and I place a small kiss there , so he knows that my stopping wasn 't a rejection .
tr	I	That in turn made it impossible for me to escape my memories when I was around him , and he knew too much about me .
tr	O	他将是他们的救世主，然而他们将称他为异教徒。
tr	I	She wouldn 't have that decision to make and maybe Myles would take it away .
tr	O	Rigel 动了，让我起身，并且我迅速扭过身去查看他。
tr	I	She told her everything was fine and Nora called right after breakfast to see how she was .
tr	O	她大概以为他正在倾听灵魂，并且他没有纠正她。
tr	I	There is no boon equal to this , and I can have no greater teacher than you .
tr	O	我听到有人喊他们快失去他了，并且我做了一件任何人都永远不该做的事。
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , but I knew it was mean .
tr	O	她欺骗她父母够久了，但是现在她不得不告诉他们她在军队里。
tr	O	莎拉点了点头，并且阿加莎得意地咯咯笑了。
tr	I	My face flushed hot and y my arms tingled .
tr	O	艾比想知道他们是否走了捷径，并且她没有注意到。
tr	O	确实，这是垃圾食品，但是至少他们不会饿。
tr	O	她仍然头晕，但是恶心感已经消失了。
tr	O	当她将垫子按在我皮肤上时，我还是畏缩了，但是至少我没有像热锅上的蚂蚁一样。
tr	O	没有任何事情是清楚的，并且没有任何事情是具体的。
tr	I	She opened her mouth for another spoonful , and he asked .
tr	I	He managed to resist the temptation , but somehow , Dimitri wasn 't sure where he found the energy .
tr	I	As he closed the door behind him , her greeting was cheerful , and a stout middle-aged woman was behind the counter .
tr	O	艾米坐在轮胎里，并且我在上面推着她荡秋千。
tr	O	其他人质已经被完全震慑住了，并且我怀疑还有谁会蠢到尝试任何事情。
tr	I	He was okay with it but it was a direct violation of one of Corporate 's directives to always have the radio on in the reception area .
tr	O	追捕者问我机器人都在哪里，并且我告诉他们我已把它们送走了。
tr	O	他推开了我的大腿，并且他眼中的光芒变得更亮了。
tr	O	我试图起身，但是他手臂一紧，臀部一挺，将我按在床上。
tr	O	期末考试在三周后，并且我不能在家学习。
tr	O	他研究那些擦伤片刻，但是它们一定都很轻微，因为他放弃了那只脚去抬另一只。
tr	O	他们在荷兰很安全，并且他时间不多了。
tr	I	That is that I did not meet with Nicholas last Friday , and there is one thing you should know up front .
tr	O	她现在更老练、更明智了，并且她足够坚强能够活下来。
tr	O	他的肩膀很宽，并且尽管下颌边缘有道疤痕，他仍然是个英俊的男人。
tr	O	奥利弗已经在更衣室里了，并且布莱斯在我们经过时打了他一下。
tr	O	安德烈亚做到了，但是她现在太心烦意乱了，无法考虑那件事。
tr	I	He studied my face and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	It does , but I don 't know why that makes me laugh .
tr	I	He heard the same click , and he input the same five digits .
tr	I	All would be done and he simply needed to speak to the girl 's father .
tr	O	事情现在会变得更艰难，并且她不知道自己是否还能坚持更久。
tr	I	You won 't be able to get out , or be sure to keep the key on you to open it from the inside .
tr	O	她的名字叫莉莉丝，并且她是一个魅魔。
tr	I	Again , he flew backward , but he launched at her again .
tr	I	The school looked like it did every other day and the fire was gone .
tr	O	你可以根据一个人所说的话来判断他，但是莎拉一直认为一个人的真实本性是通过他的行为展现的。
tr	I	I clutch her as tightly as she clutches me , and we kneel together on the stone floor .
tr	I	She looks away , and her face pales .
tr	O	恐惧随着怒火的增长而消散，并且我猛地把手从他手中抽出来，忽视了因我激烈拒绝而在我身边划出的一道伤口。
tr	O	他没有意识到自己有多累，并且长达一天的狂饮也造成了影响。
tr	O	我解锁了我的武器箱，并且它在我打开时吱呀作响。
tr	I	They destroy and they create .
tr	I	She looked at Mr. Solomon , but she spoke to us all .
tr	O	她的头发是一团深色卷发，并且她身上披着一条毯子，像一件斗篷。
tr	I	We all get up and Lunch is finally over .
tr	I	Her arms were failing her , and her feet were giving out .
tr	O	在你的脑海中形成你自己的形象，并且你的身体将再次恢复其自身形态。
tr	O	她把手指滑过他的手，并且他把她扶了起来。
tr	I	That wasn 't the worst of it , but his dog was going to have puppies .
tr	I	His sister , Julienne , had invited him for the holidays , but risking the journey had been foolhardy at best .
tr	I	It felt pretty good , and we popped them full of holes .
tr	O	塞拉的嘴巴张开了，并且泪水涌上了她的眼眶。
tr	O	它变得安静了，并且片刻之后门开了。
tr	I	I influenced him slowly , artfully , but he 'd been with me longer .
tr	I	I will not let you down again , and I know that you have entrusted me with a lot of responsibility .
tr	O	他对着电话说话，但是他的目光仍然在我身上。
tr	O	灯光闪烁着亮了起来，并且我开始放水。
tr	O	馅饼在爱德华手里，并且他的全身都充满了痛苦。
tr	O	我本可以支持他，但是我没有。
tr	O	她现在正专注地盯着他，并且他明白她心里想的就是那个。
tr	O	他牵着公羊，并且一瞬间他屏住了呼吸。
tr	I	I felt a small burst of energy and the knowledge actually relieved some part of me .
tr	I	I guess it is , but I 'm sorry it 's mine .
tr	O	她再次把她的珠子推了出来，并且这次正中马的胸部。
tr	O	她认识我，并且虽然大多数时候那是一个不利因素，但在那一刻却并非如此。
tr	I	I couldn 't help responding with a laugh and he smiled as he asked the question .
tr	O	如果她把 Scorch 给他，他就会高兴，并且他们整个族群都会找到某种平静。
tr	I	They always managed to talk every few days , but they didn 't get to see each other as much as either would like .
tr	I	He was rejecting her , pushing her away , and they 'd just shared something few , if any , would ever experience in a lifetime .
tr	I	She had resisted , refusing to buy into the violence of the world , but her grandfather had tried to teach her about firearms .
tr	O	Aria的脸被割得血肉模糊，并且她的一只眼睛被流出的血糊住了。
tr	O	门在我们身后关上了，并且电梯开始上升。
tr	I	He could hardly see and his eyes were filled with tears .
tr	I	He rolled it out again and it spun back to his hand .
tr	I	The gravity of it stole my breath away , and this was a defining moment of my life .
tr	O	我能感觉到 Miranda 的目光在我身上，但是我不在乎。
tr	O	她需要更多时间来确认，但是她绝对没有感觉到对那些一直困扰着她的药物的需求。
tr	O	我站起来，并且我的骨头因昨天的折磨而发出咔嚓声。
tr	I	He did but I did not think he would see me .
tr	I	You get used to it , but the system stinks .
tr	I	Genny 's father 's incarceration would easily become a death sentence , and if he was so motivated , he could contract a vicious assault .
tr	O	她坚持让我待在附近，这样我就可以就每件衣服给她我的意见，然而她却很少听取我的建议。
tr	O	她的眼睛很沉重，并且她的头仍然很痛。
tr	I	The screensaver evaporated , and she typed SSS .
tr	I	It 's getting kind of dull , and that 's all Jason has been saying for half an hour .
tr	O	她抱起小猫，并且一段永恒的关系就此诞生。
tr	I	She hadn 't pulled away in disgust , but she didn 't rush to reassure him this time .
tr	I	Nothing really kept my interest , but my classes were all fine .
tr	O	她越来越近，非常近，并且她希望他能和她一起到达那里。
tr	O	她的爸爸可能是一名职业骗子，但是对安珀来说，他曾有一颗心。
tr	O	她可能不太了解他，正如她早些时候告诉他的那样，但是她确实知道那一点。
tr	I	He didn 't turn at the sound of her voice , but his mother called after him .
tr	I	I justified keeping it to myself by saying I was protecting them , but I should have trusted them with more .
tr	I	He was following her directions already , tossing his jacket onto the back of a chair , but Daniel asked .
tr	I	Her eyes were shining with tears and her chin was trembling .
tr	O	咱们交换卡片吧，并且你一定要告诉杰克我在想着他。
tr	O	当他今天早上醒来时，气味已经消失了，但是他确信它昨晚曾在那儿。
tr	O	他脸上带着玩味的表情，并且他的眼睛里充满了火焰。
tr	I	The next unbearably sad and one minute I was frightened .
tr	O	她没有做任何努力要离开我，并且我发现自己被她的嘴唇所吸引。
tr	I	She 'd sobbed for hours afterward , and the conversation was one of the most painful of her life .
tr	O	晚餐被送到房间里，并且他继续讨论那些牌。
tr	O	殊不知我是对的，并且现在我就是其中一个怪物了。
tr	O	嗯，我没有最新的，但是它一上架书店我就会有。
tr	I	Luke couldn 't let that happen , and then others would be in danger .
tr	I	Suddenly his mind stayed fixed on his damn tie , but he was glad she liked the room .
tr	I	Phone calls to make , and there were papers to sigh , letters to write .
tr	I	She slumped into him , smelling the expensive cologne on his neck and the heat of his body was irresistible .
tr	I	Andrew ducks before it hits him and a burst of flame shoots out .
tr	I	Some were limping pretty badly , and all of them were bloody .
tr	I	An evil smile twisted his mouth , and Anton 's eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Yet , failure seemed imminent , and fear was absent .
tr	I	He held on to it , but she tried to take the box .
tr	O	让·罗伯特回到了他的报纸旁，并且一位服务员端上了高德曼夫人的早餐，那早餐是按要求准备的。
tr	O	亨利的声音在我脑海中回荡，清晰无比，并且我等着他再次说出那些话。
tr	O	我将手臂环绕在她身上，并且她将手指滑入我的指间。
tr	O	突然间他的眼睛停止了转动，并且它们直直地灼烧着我。
tr	I	It killed me inside , and she was afraid of me .
tr	I	This was different , but I 'd experienced the bite , the self-interested violence of it .
tr	I	It didn 't seem to bother her but she was a big girl like myself .
tr	I	I fell into the stream , butt first , and I heard a pop as my ankle turned .
tr	I	You would , and I could order you to disassemble yourself limb by limb .
tr	I	The roads were getting busy just like the previous morning and the birds were chirping .
tr	I	I take a step backward , and Julian begins to reach for me .
tr	I	No one was in view , but Ali peered over the bush .
tr	O	她的歌声般的嗓音几乎听不见，但是特拉普仍能听出她听起来多么不舒服。
tr	I	Then there was a violent crack , and the wild clamor continued behind her .
tr	I	His gaze met mine briefly before sliding away , and Asher watched them all with a smile tugging at his lips .
tr	O	他在十五年前与她分享信息时很有策略，但是任何计划都有陷阱。
tr	I	At other times , he 'd fold the lit cigarettes away and sometimes he used the ashtrays .
tr	O	我有几件事要处理完，否则迪恩会因此找我麻烦。
tr	I	They did enjoy life , but they had their peculiarities .
tr	I	You got burned and you street raced .
tr	O	它听起来更像是愤怒野兽的咆哮而非一种已知的语言，并且他们理解人们为何会这样认为。
tr	O	他命令了，并且她服从了。
tr	O	在不对的日子里抓住他们，并且他们会毫不犹豫地扯掉你身上的鳞片。
tr	I	She wanted to prepare for the first one and several clients had scheduled appointments over the course of the day .
tr	O	她的墓碑在我心里，不过，并且我确信它会永远在那里。
tr	I	I ignored it , but a voice whispered in my head .
tr	O	双方交换了几次拳脚，并且诺亚把他的对手摔倒在地却又被甩开。
tr	I	He didn 't have the heart , but he should have done it the second she told him she was bitten .
tr	I	We don 't need to go into that right now , but they are also each divided into various subcategories .
tr	O	漫长的时间在树上流逝，并且暮色开始笼罩世界。
tr	I	People stood while the priest walked up the nave and at this point the choir began .
tr	I	He would return to his statue form but the gargoyle would not be harmed by the sunlight .
tr	O	诺尔身后有更多的动静，并且维克斯从树林里走了出来。
tr	O	她感到一丝刺痛，但是红肿很快开始消退。
tr	I	I can hear the buried interest , but he asks playfully .
tr	I	He knew he couldn 't , but he wanted to ignore it .
tr	I	You cannot rock business ledgers in a cradle , and invalid chairs won 't keep you warm at night .
tr	O	我非常想触摸他，但是我太害怕他会离开。
tr	I	She could move quickly , but she couldn 't teleport .
tr	O	他的脚是赤裸的，但是他已经习惯了。
tr	O	迈克轻敲麦克风，示意他即将开始，并且观众突然安静下来。
tr	I	His body craving hers and he couldn 't answer her with his incisors lengthened .
tr	O	新的一轮开始了，并且他示意我向前。
tr	I	The economy collapses and the US dollar becomes worthless .
tr	O	我妈妈对他点点头，并且他们转向门口。
tr	I	Some of the homes were derelict , and rusted chain-link fences enclosed the yards .
tr	I	Most of her hair draped along her back , looking quite delectable , but a few strands of hair found their way to the front .
tr	O	难以承认，但是事实就是如此。
tr	O	脚步声从走廊传来，并且我的胃抽紧了。
tr	O	这趟旅程又持续了两天，并且我们回到了村庄。
tr	I	We were both eye to eye and his name was to be Monarch .
tr	O	以为妈妈已经在花园里忙活了，我便走到了阳台上，但是花园却是空的。
tr	O	我以为吸血鬼应该会感觉到那种事，但是你却显得漠不关心。
tr	O	我受伤的腿无法支撑我，并且走了几步后我便无助地瘫倒在地。
tr	I	You have to sign for it personally and he said you have certified registered mail .
tr	I	We have to flow with the Spirit , Sister , but it 's not quite how we expected it to happen .
tr	I	Yesterday he took a belt to me , and today he 's trying to protect my ear from getting nicked by clippers .
tr	I	Waves it and she holds the black envelope up .
tr	I	It made me feel calm , the small cravings almost disappearing and I could smell her infected blood .
tr	O	俄罗斯政府想知道关于你的一切，但是我却设法溜走了。
tr	O	我立刻担心我是否太粗暴了，但是她却只是笑了。
tr	I	Someone had laid a tarp down on top of it to catch all the blood , but the floor was carpeted .
tr	I	We tap glasses and the beer arrives .
tr	I	What was on underneath ... the latter with his teeth , and he couldn 't wait to strip off her exquisite wedding gown .
tr	O	那时刚过二战，并且盟军尚未恢复秩序。
tr	I	I see the question in his eyes , but he doesn 't ask again if I like him .
tr	I	I don 't think I can talk through it and a lump forms in my throat .
tr	I	None of them Dacre , and another outlaw was gone , three so far .
tr	O	他不愿承认，但是他上瘾了。
tr	I	That was a minor inconvenience , but his paw still hurt him .
tr	I	I spoke to his assistant who was convinced I was joking about the pink letters and the inspector was out of town .
tr	I	I was hypnotized and flash someone frosting a cake in front of me .
tr	O	幸运的是米沙在下面，而且他扔下手机来接我。
tr	I	She wiggled it into her grasp , and the rough cloth gave good purchase .
tr	O	肯定有更好的办法，但是他却想不到。
tr	O	然后CPU询问器将启动，并且某种程度上你将被授予钥匙。
tr	O	赞恩的声音不耐烦，而且我忍住了笑。
tr	O	她的指甲抓进他的肩膀，而且她的呼吸也屏住了。
tr	I	I suddenly felt a little awkward and he looked contemplative as he watched the floor numbers light up .
tr	O	一切都未曾遗漏，而且他们俩都知道。
tr	O	Heath 自愿了，但是 Joe 轻轻碰了一下 Grace 的脚。
tr	O	我跟在 Micah 后面，又回头看了一眼 Riley，但是他只是茫然地盯着我。
tr	O	他已经恢复了意识，足以睁开眼睛，并且他用模糊失焦的目光看着我。
tr	O	他们很快开始下降，并且岩石从石灰岩变成了 Neil 不认识的一种。
tr	O	我看到你进去了，并且你开始吐血时，我确信我成功了。
tr	I	She cried out in distress , and he withdrew his hands from her , hands that were still burning in a way he 'd never experienced .
tr	I	Listening , but Aunt Lulu sat back down a bit miffed .
tr	O	大多是关于狼群成员的直接记录，但是也有几篇较长的条目涉及特定事件。
tr	O	这一点他并不完全确定，但是他想表现得像个自作聪明的人。
tr	I	I wouldn 't , no matter what , look away from his eyes and I hadn 't let go of his hand .
tr	O	我做着这些动作，信心随着每一步增长，并且很快，我不再担心了。
tr	I	He was in there , but the door was closed .
tr	O	他没在跳舞，但是她不介意。
tr	O	我不知道，直到我们回到室内，而且特里告诉我我的妆花了。
tr	O	那是所有真正的纳粹分子所在的地方，并且他们的最大秘密就藏在这里。
tr	O	她希望那会足够，但是她怀疑它不会。
tr	I	He miraculously caught the tray before it fell to the floor , but the caterer shot forward .
tr	I	He was openly aligning himself with her , but it was one thing to fight quietly for her .
tr	O	郁郁葱葱的绿色丛林从他们身边流过，并且一片宜人的粉色天空在上方。
tr	I	A talking face addressed the man in the cabin and a TV came to life in the room .
tr	O	他的制服不合身，并且他挪着步子，左右脚来回倒。
tr	O	他们来这里是为了制造一场大屠杀，而且如果受害者还活着，任何大屠杀都不会完整。
tr	I	The kids would suffer and you would suffer .
tr	O	大部分情况下，他的计划奏效了，但是两个男人之间仍然偶尔会有眼神交流。
tr	I	Despite the chill in the air , he experienced a rush of burning bristles against his skin , and the sun was brighter than usual .
tr	I	His hand moved to grip his sword in a clammy grasp , and Agitation churned in his stomach .
tr	O	大部分宾客是男性，并且他们中的大多数都穿着商务西装。
tr	O	墨菲皱眉看着我，然后她的眼睛睁大了。
tr	O	德夫林是个好人，而且你对他很好。
tr	O	装她螺栓的容器空荡荡地挂着，并且她的刀具也无处可寻。
tr	O	我就是那样的人，但是至少科尔特没有碰她。
tr	O	他开始从椅子上站起来，但是皮尔斯挥手让他坐了回去。
tr	O	当他们困惑地站着，而不是捶打窗户时，罗伯特发动了车，并且我们又开始移动了。
tr	O	它会做更糟糕的事情：降解他的大脑直到他变成疯子，并且一旦达到那个阶段，就无法逆转了。
tr	I	It looked like it was weeping , but it couldn 't have been so .
tr	I	In those days he realized that he didn 't even know who he was and he 'd been gone for a few days .
tr	I	Dante turns to me and I bite my lip .
tr	I	Tonight they didn 't go , but my parents go out to dinner together on Thursday nights .
tr	I	Anne Marie 's heart felt lodged in her throat , and he stood as they approached .
tr	I	She blinked into the light and Jacqueline 's eyes opened up .
tr	I	Her energy balance was out of order and he blamed himself that he had possibly done something wrong .
tr	I	We don 't have a kid at home waiting for us and I 'm not pregnant .
tr	O	两只手紧抓着我的肩膀，并且我听到了科尔的声音。
tr	O	他想在任何人看到他之前冲刺，但是斯派克却一直让他放慢速度。
tr	I	He had to fumble to keep from dropping it and the beer bottle slipped in Marcus 's grip .
tr	I	The sun lost its glare , and the stifling humidity was gone .
tr	O	那是一张大床，但是它却不够大。
tr	I	She needed to find a way to drink it in , and there might still be some goodness left in the world .
tr	I	I instantly groaned , and the smell of vomit had been the first thing that hit me when I entered .
tr	O	这个问题听起来足够无辜，但是他却因其含义而皱眉。
tr	O	消息传得很快，尽管当时还早，但是最令人震惊的是丽亚站在他们中间。
tr	I	He was now welcoming her home and like she 'd been out in the desert during their argument ?
tr	I	I waited for my food , and he excused himself after that .
tr	O	我吸了一口气，并且很疼。
tr	O	布莱克利让我独自前来，并且我不相信如果我带着你出现，他会有什么反应。
tr	O	保罗在一家酒吧卷入了一场斗殴，并且在被保安制服后，酒吧老板报了警。
tr	I	We share a common communication path and this is a very small community .
tr	I	She could not be joined to another man and she said the Lord had joined her with Harvey .
tr	O	里面全是行尸走肉，或者曾经是。
tr	O	克莱尔意识到另一个女孩的圣痕笔正在她手背上划过，并且血流正在减缓。
tr	O	她伸出一根手指，好像她马上就会回来，但是他的嘴角愤怒地垮了下来。
tr	I	They didn 't contradict me , but the three adults exchanged glances .
tr	O	我环顾了一下房间，但是我没有看到托林。
tr	O	太阳正在落下，并且空气比白天早些时候凉爽了。
tr	O	他助我一臂之力，并且我准备好波西再次尝试。
tr	I	I could see what he saw and I could feel what he felt .
tr	O	在这方面，这是一个部分的成功，并且我们确实摧毁了他们的许多部队。
tr	O	她所做的一切都让她与众不同，引人注目，但是我只想融入其中。
tr	I	He began fiddling around with things in the engine and I obeyed .
tr	I	She wrapped her legs around his waist , pulling him closer , welcoming each thrust and his hard shaft found its way in with little effort .
tr	I	She stopped me and I took two steps to inspect her eye .
tr	I	Somehow the words would not come out , but the thought revolved in Claire 's head .
tr	I	They resemble them , but they 're not .
tr	O	我通常不需要它，但是这个场合需要正式，我想。
tr	O	他到达了第一个平台，并且遮住眼睛以免被宝石的光芒刺伤，他向下看着瑞安。
tr	I	That was the hope - or it was far enough away to stay out of Taranis 's way .
tr	I	I expelled a breath , and his face was unmarked .
tr	O	我小时候来过这里一次，但是我不太记得了。
tr	O	我们会在湖面上那块岩石上钓鱼，并且天会很冷。
tr	I	I took it from her and Julianna held the pirate 's pistol .
tr	O	其他人嘲笑，但是那位学者继续说。
tr	I	Paris could feel her tensing and she sucked in a shaky breath .
tr	I	Several stores in big cities buy his carvings to sell to rich people and he is very talented .
tr	I	The gun roared , and he pulled the trigger .
tr	I	I had a million questions I needed to ask and the girl of the hour was back .
tr	O	他感到很勇敢，并且感觉很好。
tr	I	She had been correct in her worry , and Charlie had feared that she might not .
tr	I	Housekeeping simply swapped the carpets in the dead of night , and a storage room in the basement contained the second oval carpet .
tr	I	I could see the anticipation bulging beneath them , and his cotton boxers were molded to his shape .
tr	I	Needing to reassure myself about something , but I moved back to him , confident that I 'd taken his measure .
tr	O	里面也有一台电视，但是我总是听比赛，从不看。
tr	I	Doyle isn 't in the bed with me and I wake up sometime in the night .
tr	I	Callum wanted to control it and her reaction could be anything .
tr	I	She liked their program in journalism , and they offered a lot of scholarships .
tr	I	I take off and the air stinks of burnt flesh .
tr	O	他的肩膀向后靠，并且他的脸慢慢抬起。
tr	O	他是对的，并且他知道。
tr	I	Never one like him , but I 'd seen wolves before out in the woods with my father .
tr	I	Sara was checking the weather to see if we could finally go for a hike somewhere nearby , and it was Wednesday afternoon .
tr	I	He wasn 't laughing anymore but as the last man fell to the floor the voice spoke again .
tr	I	She stared at me defiantly , but Lucky looked slightly embarrassed at her words .
tr	I	For the most part the flowers were all still as lovely as they had been at his funeral but a few were starting to wilt .
tr	O	我走出了盒子，需要呼吸些空气，并且所有人都跟了上来。
tr	O	他们已经把所有潜水员都带上去了，但是潜艇不能回来接我们。
tr	I	She was slowly picking up the pieces again , and it had been a month since she ended things with Gray .
tr	I	The suds helped to wash off the mud , and he applied this to the creature 's feathers .
tr	I	The conversation was better and Work didn 't complain .
tr	I	We start to study the map over a glass of Sauvignon and Catriona pulls an ordinance survey map out of her coat pocket .
tr	I	He was certainly too awkward to be a cop but the man possessed the stern demeanour of officialdom .
tr	O	我真的不想看到我父母几近全裸，但是我仍然尝试跑向他们。
tr	I	There was still nothing that would destroy her world , but she moved on to the next page .
tr	I	Faye blocked it with a deflection , but Cassie shot Faye with her spell .
tr	I	He has never witnessed them quite this aggressive , but he thinks it is a wild pack of dingoes .
tr	I	Evan answered , and I called .
tr	O	她渴望控制住这次情绪爆发，渴望解释，但是每当她试图说话时，她的抽泣只会变得更糟。
tr	I	Holly rallied quickly , but now she sounded a bit disgruntled because he 'd questioned her .
tr	O	我知道他们是什么，并且我知道我正在变成什么。
tr	O	这必须被赢得，并且那只会随着时间发生。
tr	O	我再次违背了每日写作的承诺，但是那通常不是我的错。
tr	O	在奥林匹斯山上发生了一些让她大为恼火的事情，然而她从未提起过。
tr	I	This , like the Sword , was something special but any gift from Eadie would be full of charm .
tr	O	他试图结束通话，但是屏幕却不响应。
tr	I	The thin gruel we ate for supper didn 't cheer anybody up , and when we moved on , we were a bleak , unhappy group .
tr	O	那个声音很尖锐，并且我的血液都凝固了。
tr	O	她完全忘记了告诉他发生了什么事，并且她忽略了身体里传来的感觉。
tr	I	I grunted as I sprawled onto my belly and my hands slid across rock .
tr	O	我所能做的就是倾听，并且我对此有了一个计划。
tr	I	Sir George was aware of her contemplation , but as the others partook , Sarah surveyed the lodge for the best way to escape .
tr	O	一幅他们可能是什么样子的画面突然浮现在她脑海中，并且海伦呻吟一声闭上了眼睛。
tr	I	They fixed me right up and my leg got really hurt .
tr	I	The back dramatically dropped to the floor and the front was just above my knees .
tr	I	It gushed toward her and it seemed to spew forth from the cavity caused by her blade .
tr	I	Through the leaves , she spotted her friends running in the direction the bullet had come from and her vision began to clear .
tr	I	She was aware of him , but she shivered continually .
tr	I	We spent the rest of the time talking , and the waitress returned with our steaming lattes .
tr	O	她以前就这么说过，但是似乎没有人关心。
tr	O	下面不管是什么都不肯放手，并且我被粗暴地按到水下。
tr	O	信号很完美，并且她声音非常清晰。
tr	I	Only a few were worthy to bring home to meet his family , but he had a handful of serious relationships .
tr	I	She realized she couldn 't go any further and a large branch snagged on her long-sleeved T-shirt .
tr	O	仙境的魔法困住了我们，并且我们直到那魔法得到满足才得以解脱。
tr	I	We sat there together just breathing and he rested his chin on my shoulder .
tr	O	那是一个迷蒙的凝视，但是我还是看到了。
tr	O	我们都尝试绕远路，并且我们都想要不劳而获。
tr	O	失望之情非常强烈，但是既然他已经找到了他的力量，就会有其他机会。
tr	I	Everything in his body tightened and Sam leaned forward to see .
tr	I	He arched at her touch then groaned and she laid a hand on his back .
tr	O	这没太大关系，因为我没开车，并且我们再也没提过这件事。
tr	I	His breathing grew heavier and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	这几乎令人痛苦，但是她被他的召唤所庇护，被他的爱所包裹。
tr	O	他的眼睛还没有完全合上，但是他无法掩饰她的话语所带来的痛苦。
tr	I	She sticks out her hand and a brilliant smile comes instantly to her lips .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop them but the sounds coming out of her mouth made Misty mentally cringe .
tr	I	His kisses are the perfect antidote for any bad nightmare , and I can 't deny that I 'm falling for him .
tr	I	Then we head back to sleep , and today we beat down the fire .
tr	I	He wasn 't certain it had ever started again , and his heart had stopped beating when Maggie 's had .
tr	I	Then she couldn 't resist , but Maryellen dumped the letters into the plastic garbage bag .
tr	O	我没有感到任何震动，并且我放松了一点。
tr	O	她的双腿弯曲着侧向一边，并且她的头转向了相反的方向。
tr	O	他在夜间某个时候动了一下，并且他的手臂不再被斗篷覆盖着。
tr	I	He thrusts in a little deeper and his torso lifts off of me .
tr	O	他一直用手按着伤口，但是他情况还好。
tr	O	他用他的手、嘴和阴茎获得了远超任何男人应有权利的性技巧。
tr	O	他们最初计划主要是去提供支持，但是如果海文觉得她不需要任何帮助，那就这样吧。
tr	O	如果你真的骗了一个老实人，他往往会向当地的守卫投诉，并且现在他们更难收买。
tr	O	第五章 安德拉感觉自己才刚刚睡着，但是看了一眼时钟，却告诉她已经昏睡了将近十二个小时。
tr	O	那已经是黛利拉的财产了，因为所有人都相信我因为被冰冻而死了，但是也许她把它卖了。
tr	O	光束下降得足够低，让他看到他面前站着不止两个人，并且他放下了手。
tr	I	His father had died at sixty-two and Chen was sixty .
tr	I	Still it holds , but I pull against the rope once more , hoping I have frayed it enough that I can free my hands .
tr	O	希望杰克逊在夜里病情恶化了，并且医生决定让他多留几天。
tr	O	多佛是最繁忙的路线，但是那里的海关检查一直相当严格。
tr	I	I decided to park in an area that was out of sight , and I arrived 20 minutes later .
tr	O	他把那个眼神看作是幸福的象征，并且他说我应该多和妹妹一起做事。
tr	O	克洛伊皱了皱鼻子，但是她没有发表评论。
tr	I	Her mouth thinned and her eyes narrowed .
tr	O	上帝可能不会回应我们的抱怨，但是他知道我们的情况。
tr	O	我没有什么可失去的，但是我认为这不是一个好主意。
tr	O	他可能很年轻，但是他能在他们找到刀子之前，割开他们的喉咙直到大腿。
tr	I	The conviction in her gaze made my chest ache , but I couldn 't entirely agree with her on that one .
tr	O	一阵令人震惊的嘎嘎声震击着她的耳膜，并且她摔倒在石地板上。
tr	I	I thought I 'd done a pretty decent job plucking my own eyebrows , but I realized my nails were a lost cause .
tr	O	她知道自己在乞求，但是她不在乎。
tr	O	同时，乌龟已经前进了，虽然不多，我承认，但是它也不必多。
tr	I	She wasn 't sure , but Adela thought she heard Liam curse under his breath .
tr	I	He nodded , and I glanced over at Liam .
tr	I	The books there have layers of dust on them because they haven 't been read in years and I go to the library on campus .
tr	I	She refused to believe that , and she had hoped that it was neither one because that would mean that her brother really was dead .
tr	I	I knew that they were trustworthy , and my handguns I 'd used several times now .
tr	O	凯莱布，现在正站在屏幕旁，按下了房间前面的一些东西，并且屏幕亮了。
tr	O	枪还在我手里，并且我猛地把它向上举向他。
tr	O	他明白这是一份怎样的礼物，并且他因此更加珍视她的内敛。
tr	I	An independent bi-weekly local newspaper provided some personal information about Brad , but there were no new reports in any of the major papers .
tr	I	Music had been played and Food had been served .
tr	I	He looks back at me with fear in his eyes and all the color immediately washes from my father 's face .
tr	I	I stopped them when a picture of Woodstock slipped into my head , but my eyes automatically started to roll .
tr	I	Its leaves were far too delicate , and it didn 't have a thick stalk .
tr	O	他的嘴唇内收，并且他摇了摇头。
tr	I	He surrendered , flexed his hips , plunged into her heat , and she whimpered , arched to bring him closer .
tr	I	She did not refuse as she slid easily into Cassie 's place , but Melissa 's dark eyes scanned her worriedly .
tr	O	那些部分是事实，但是真正的原因是我们根本不想清理他们的烂摊子。
tr	O	我考虑过把炸弹从底盘上撬下来，但是我决定把装置留在原处。
tr	O	他的头发垂到眼睛上，并且他用手捋了捋，所以我心里怦怦直跳。
tr	O	嚎叫声在微风中消散了，并且一切都安静下来。
tr	I	Then I kept remembering the invasion plan , but I kind of hoped the same thing .
tr	O	现在邻居可能有一条狗……但是结果他们没有。
tr	O	它疼得要命，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	I sure as hell don 't want to lose you , and I love you , Cady Steward .
tr	O	她试图转向，并且城市越来越近了。
tr	I	My stomach hurts at the thought of leaving March behind , but I understand the danger .
tr	O	很少有他做的事情能更让我惊讶了——而且他经常说些很令人惊讶的话。
tr	O	在特伦特继续在我背上画着圈时，出现了一段漫长的停顿，并且我开始相信谈话已经结束了。
tr	O	黛娜走进了他的书房，并且彼得脸上浮现出一丝浅笑。
tr	I	I knew she remembered him from the bar , and Recognition sparked in her eyes .
tr	O	他知道所有我们需要知道的事情，但是他却不肯说。
tr	O	我的神经已经崩溃了，并且我已经好几天没合眼了。
tr	I	A man was standing in the threshold waving one arm and a door in the side of the building swung open .
tr	I	Tonight it filled her with desperation , but normally she appreciated the rural setting .
tr	I	His expression seemed more relaxed and he laughed .
tr	O	我知道我不能指望你对我抱有同样的感觉，但是我爱你，凯伦。
tr	O	他今天日程很满，但是他已经为你准备好了。
tr	I	It wasn 't for me , but Liv would love TREND .
tr	O	她告诉他她很好，并且让他回家。
tr	I	We made it here and we left that poisoned land .
tr	I	Mairi didn 't stop moving , but the climb was a hundred times harder now , the pain in her leg making her feel woozy .
tr	O	我的头脑一片混乱，但是我的胸口砰砰直跳。
tr	O	他现在也明白了逃跑的机会，并且他转身向哈拉尔伯爵大喊。
tr	O	她喘息着，弓起身子，并且她的腹部擦过我的胸膛。
tr	O	安德鲁长时间没有说话，尼尔以为他搞砸了，但是最终安德鲁还是动了。
tr	I	He knew it , and he couldn 't .
tr	I	There was nobody else there , but her eyes darted nervously left to right .
tr	O	你能感受到那里的岁月流逝，并且这让人对一切有了新的认识。
tr	O	我离开了他们，但是克莱因把我叫了回来。
tr	O	她震惊地盯着我，并且毫无预警地，她吻了我的嘴。
tr	I	She went back to Helen 's hair and a brief unease shifted in Amber 's gaze .
tr	I	Ares closed his fist and the second Guard moved toward him .
tr	I	Salina seems a little ostentatious when it comes to her magic , but personally , I like to be more straightforward about these things .
tr	I	For a moment he thought he might swoon , and Tavi 's heart erupted with pure terror .
tr	I	They probably would have eventually if A hadn 't outed them , but they hadn 't slept together .
tr	O	它看起来像个战区，尸体四处散落，鲜血从房间的一头溅到另一头。
tr	O	这不是他真正想说的，但是这也只好如此了。
tr	I	He appeared to relax a little and a smile flickered over his lips .
tr	I	He let out a low moan as he cocooned me in , and I moved them around his body , drawing him in against me .
tr	O	这种情况持续了几乎一整夜，但是到了早上，她似乎对发生的一切毫无记忆。
tr	I	All the hay would have gone to waste , and cows were strict vegetarians .
tr	O	随着她消失，我被独自留下，并且我感到如此痛苦，如此撕心裂肺的悲伤。
tr	O	声音越来越近，并且他听起来并不高兴。
tr	O	曾几何时，洛林会听从他的建议，但是她母亲去世后，一切都变了。
tr	O	我知道是我自找的，但是这很痛。
tr	O	他的手环绕着我的肋骨，并且我想要它再高一点，再深入一点。
tr	I	She didn 't blame him for drawing the line at stealing , but Dee didn 't care if Jacob pressed charges for her sake .
tr	I	The whole thing , while magnificent , looked very heavy , and the little horse on the front had wheels on the end of its legs .
tr	I	I slouch over to my computer , my envy of the breezy California girls growing , and another movie finishes .
tr	I	Someone stepped out , and one of the gates opened .
tr	O	他原本以为会得到一个简单的“嗯”，但是这个男孩还有更多话要说。
tr	O	你知道，并且我也知道。
tr	I	He was wearing the traditional gold-colored mantle , and he was seated on a marble throne .
tr	I	She was smiling , but she blotted more tears .
tr	I	He 'd get plenty if things worked out , and he was always happy to get some publicity .
tr	O	医生听到我把裤子脱下来，并且他吃惊地转过身。
tr	I	Eventually he was ready , but it took a long thirty minutes .
tr	I	There are streaks of lighter rock near the edges , and a large crack runs through the middle of it .
tr	I	There was nothing plain about Lucky , but Emily may have called her plain .
tr	O	什么都没有动，但是他知道不能放松警惕。
tr	O	他的椅子不耐烦地吱吱作响，并且她抬起头。
tr	O	安吉洛是唯一被允许触碰这个房间的人，并且这个人知道最好不要打扰任何东西。
tr	I	His thick , tense silence would speak volumes , but knowing Jeff , he wouldn 't have a lot to say .
tr	O	先生脱帽以示对他兄弟的尊重，并且他的朋友洛林满怀善意地鞠躬。
tr	O	早上阳光依然灿烂，然而这个地方却像冬天一样寒冷。
tr	O	他实际上没有撞到地面，只差几英寸就停住了，并且他像蹦极者一样悬挂在那里。
tr	I	I don 't open my eyes because I know who it is but the door creaks open .
tr	I	Yet it was more of the same -- only worse and I had seen visions of a place where the land was made of gold !
tr	I	He 'd be crazy to try anything with Killian , but he was pissed .
tr	I	I 'd wanted to get to the home right away and when Wes had called it was five in the morning .
tr	O	她喘息了，并且她的双手抓住了他的肩膀，当他将手指滑过她的皮肤时。
tr	O	赛百尔还没有上床睡觉，并且她仍然打算去上班。
tr	I	The little ones are probably at the schoolhouse , but the kids ' playground is a few feet away .
tr	I	The older one sat in the back with Eloise and the young medic climbed into the driver 's seat .
tr	O	我从未真正地让某人这样笑过……而且我喜欢它。
tr	O	他希望针的刺痛对她来说不会太难受，但是他认为不会的。
tr	I	I have every intention of acing them and I told him I 'm quite aware of how important A Levels are .
tr	O	队伍已经一个多月没有被召集执行任务了，而且我绝对准备好迎接新的任务了。
tr	I	This would be an affront to him , but I wanted to make the Sign of the Cross .
tr	O	炽热的橙色金属和叮当作响的锤子。
tr	I	I helped him off with his pants and when we got in the door , Adam helped me off with my coat .
tr	O	我想，但是我不能。
tr	I	Maybe he didn 't , and maybe your ex broke into Thibault 's house .
tr	I	He unwittingly enjoyed the attention and although reluctant at first , her touch had been gentle .
tr	O	我不记得曾试图去那里，但是我认为那是我该去的地方。
tr	O	也许他正在向谢伊倾诉，但是无论他做什么，我都希望这能让他平静下来。
tr	O	他得到了一位天使，并且他试图折断她的翅膀。
tr	I	I felt the need to lash out at somebody - anybody , and my unexpected reaction to father 's gift had put me off-balance .
tr	I	He had a feeling that sleep was going to be elusive but he wasn 't much of a drinker .
tr	O	门上的轻敲是一种受欢迎的干扰，并且她从窗边转身，抹去了她担忧的表情。
tr	O	他反而为她做饭，并且她很高兴。
tr	O	他可能不在这里，但是他一定在附近。
tr	I	He said he didn 't mind but I apologized for reading over his shoulder .
tr	O	如果她拒绝与她见面，对所有相关的人来说都会更好，但是林迪坚定眼神中绝望的担忧吓到了她。
tr	I	I was ready to do it again and sucking him off turned me on .
tr	O	我第一次没有回答他，并且我现在也没有回答。
tr	I	Today he was busy entertaining me , but my gut instinct is that these notes have Evans ' name written all over them .
tr	I	I decided to let the cat out of the bag , but I 'd been meaning to keep it a secret .
tr	I	I flung my arms around his shoulders , and his arms held me tightly against his broad chest .
tr	O	他很像蒙蒂，但是他更老，更沧桑。
tr	O	没有回应，但是我能听到楼上传来的音乐。
tr	O	他的皮肤气味在她鼻腔中萦绕了美妙的一刻，并且她颤抖了，她的血液因期待而搏动着。
tr	O	她已将丽贝卡去世的消息推到了脑海深处，而且她突然迫不及待地想再次回家。
tr	I	Her thoughts immediately turn to sex and she finds out they 're alone .
tr	O	三名囚犯都很年轻，并且其中一名是女性。
tr	O	我们交换圣诞贺卡，但是说实话我们几乎无异于陌生人。
tr	I	He found himself swept inside , hating himself , but Fat Charlie wanted to protest , to stand his ground .
tr	I	We fell onto his bed , my legs still locked around him and plucking me from the counter , he strode into his room .
tr	I	Everything in me swims with relief , and he touches his cheek to mine .
tr	O	我们几天前已经和海蒂谈过了，而且她不改关于高尔夫球场的主意。
tr	I	I knew that he was honest in every single word he says and I had a lot of faith in him .
tr	O	暂时没有什么需要打扫的，并且他没有什么新的东西可读。
tr	O	他伸出手去抓她的手，并且像个傻瓜一样，她把手给了他。
tr	I	Mist coated the floor of the room , and the shutters to her window were open .
tr	O	这不容易，但是我最终还是闯进去了。
tr	O	他握住了我的手，并且我们一起爬上了陡峭的堤岸顶部。
tr	O	就在几秒前他还是敌人，但是现在那个女人正指望着他来救她。
tr	O	他的鼻孔张开，仿佛他知道她做了什么，但是他没有动。
tr	O	我想感受那种力量的流动，并且我想看到其他Daggers的威慑。
tr	I	Bright flashes of light can be seen all over it along with rising gray clouds and a single continent is visible floating in a purple ocean .
tr	O	艾伦看着凯勒和霍华德谈话，并且从他的行为可以明显看出有事情要发生。
tr	I	He tries to lean forward in the chair , and Jamie 's eyebrows furrow .
tr	O	那是一次公平的交换，并且之后他们出去吃了汉堡。
tr	I	I 'm happy that my family 's together again , and Ryan lets me hug him too .
tr	O	瑞安拿起他的背包，并且把它甩到肩上。
tr	I	Her hand shook as she placed the call and she had Jackson 's cell on speed dial .
tr	O	我看不见她衬衫下的乳房，但是我从记忆中知道它们是多么该死的完美。
tr	O	我惊得下巴都掉了，并且我像个孩子一样拍手。
tr	I	No one is going to question that we 'd want to do something together , and of course they were happy to get rid of us .
tr	O	他们吃着饭，并且莉莉稍微聊了聊她一天过得如何。
tr	O	我想尖叫，但是那会彻底断送我所有和他好好谈谈的机会。
tr	O	见习军官舱的气氛大大轻松起来，并且我们这些男孩第一次冒险进入那里。
tr	I	Caleb came around the house , carrying the grass bin and the lawnmower fell silent .
tr	O	门在他们身后滑上了，并且他们又回到了那个有玻璃后面那位女士的小房间。
tr	I	I would know it from now on , but it was something I 'd never smelled before .
tr	I	Hopefully there won 't be a strike , and the union will be voting on our offer soon .
tr	I	It is what it is , but they may not like it .
tr	I	I grabbed the railing just in time , but I crawled backward so fast that I almost pitched myself overboard .
tr	O	最终，管理人员会弄清楚发生了什么事，但是我正在把它伪装成电脑故障。
tr	O	每件事都更费劲，因为你拖着20公斤重的套装四处走动，并且你的行动受到限制。
tr	O	我在迷你冰箱里找啤酒，但是它们都没了。
tr	O	阿黛尔，你暗示了我们会在这里看到什么，但是这比我预想的要多得多。
tr	I	He only felt his own scales , but he gripped at it .
tr	I	He didn 't want it , and reality was intruding into his world .
tr	O	卡梅伦先生却转入另一个话题，并且事实证明他不必再为此担心。
tr	O	它有点粗糙，但是我已将刀片磨得很锋利。
tr	I	She never once considered not taking it , but she might have lamented her ex-husband 's call .
tr	I	They both walked out of the gym without another word and he pulled his partner by the sleeve .
tr	O	我们会到达那个游泳池的……并且我会找回我的本。
tr	I	Empty passages separated by bulkheads every thirty yards and in the level below the cargo bay there were engineering spaces , long .
tr	O	他把我的手捧到他的脸上，凝视着我的眼睛，并且我一时被迷住，回望着他。
tr	O	这是米饭，但是紫色的。
tr	I	His shaking hands lowered to my jeans and he shifted again .
tr	O	她所说的一切很美，然而这却让他感到害怕。
tr	I	He willed her to come inside and their eyes met for a moment .
tr	O	好的，也许他认为我有很多事要担心，并且他是对的。
tr	O	热浪扑向我的脸，并且我的眼睛瞪大了。
tr	I	Seth heard the magnetic lock click open on the door on the other side of the office and he hit a button under his desk .
tr	I	To admit that he had me but Slowly falling until I had no other choice .
tr	O	接着她因为他与女神吉安娜的快速反弹订婚而生气，并且这让她更容易再保持一段时间的距离。
tr	I	I can see the tunnel within , the closed doors at the far end , and the front gates stand open .
tr	O	我感到软骨断裂，并且我的胃翻腾起来。
tr	I	We don 't need to upset her any more than she is already and she 's busy .
tr	O	他们两人都曾对假期会带来什么感到担忧，但是圣诞节早上他们能够和他们的儿子们一起享受这一天。
tr	O	她决定每周给他写信，但是她根本不知道他对什么感兴趣。
tr	I	I stifled a sob , and my emotions were already on edge .
tr	O	指挥官似乎有些困惑，但是那位学者立刻就明白了杰森的意图。
tr	I	We can 't risk contaminating the fine structure and we have to keep the cover plates open .
tr	O	金赚得可能没有我多，但是她的事业对她来说同样重要，甚至更重要。
tr	O	她的眼睛闪闪发光，并且我向她点头示意。
tr	I	Rei stepped through and as soon as the indicator turned green , the door opened .
tr	I	The image refused to come , but he tried to imagine her tending a garden .
tr	I	I was sure mine matched his and his mouth was left slightly agape .
tr	O	我的眉毛扬了起来，并且我的眼睛睁得大大的。
tr	O	早上，她知道他会离开，但是今晚他是她的。
tr	O	他告诉他们他的用不了了，并且他只是想打一份报告。
tr	O	我试图挣脱他的手指，但是安全带束缚了我的行动。
tr	I	Nobody was there , but they went up .
tr	I	I couldn 't make it out , but I could barely hear what the other end was saying .
tr	O	此时已近黄昏，并且星星开始显现出来。
tr	I	Then , it seemed , down a flight of stairs and Angelica heard the steady , solid clump of his shoes as he strode down the corridor .
tr	O	他戴着手套的手深深地插在口袋里，并且他的头缩在双肩之间，像秃鹫一样。
tr	O	某种东西从内口袋里掉了出来，并且我低下头，才意识到那是她前一晚给我的杂志。
tr	O	他的头仍在嗡嗡作响，并且他的手仍在颤抖。
tr	I	I thought that I might be able to patch up the sore spots between us , and Eliot laughed .
tr	I	Despite Samson 's often belligerent attitude , Raina liked him , and his mother was the most gentle , caring soul around .
tr	I	That was all , but the children were sniffling quietly .
tr	O	他心中有一丝火花，多年来一直被压抑着，但是它还没有熄灭。
tr	I	Yet I didn 't give in to the strong urge , and I longed to touch him .
tr	O	埃迪没有一天二十四小时都和吉尔在一起，但是他似乎觉得如果他不在校园里，她就会特别脆弱。
tr	I	She wondered if he could control her mind with her eyes shut , and his voice was hypnotic .
tr	O	我本想快点结束，但是他把我拉得更近了。
tr	I	Her palms tingled and her heart raced .
tr	O	她泡在大浴缸里，但是抑郁感并没有消失。
tr	I	She agreed to help me out , and I approached Hannah with the situation .
tr	O	麦克震惊地后退，看到他的裤子滑到了脚踝，而且他的两只夹克袖子都掉了！
tr	O	当她伸手抚摸他弯曲的脖子时，那匹种马颤抖了一下，但是它没有跑开。
tr	O	他不想让玛西陷入困境，但是当卡西回来时，她会因为正在发生的一切而受到伤害。
tr	O	毕竟，你应该是我的女朋友，而且她讨厌黛比。
tr	I	Now she was paying for it , and she hadn 't though this through quite enough .
tr	O	马克斯试图抑制他的笑声，但是没有成功。
tr	I	If he 's not , I 'll leave , and I 'm just going to see if he 's in there .
tr	I	She hit the buzzer , relieved when he let her right in , and the taxi dropped her off at his apartment building .
tr	I	I refused to acknowledge him , but I felt Nash 's stare .
tr	O	他吻了我，并且大厦消失了。
tr	I	A large maroon stone appeared in her palm and Artemis held her hand out .
tr	I	His gaze is faraway , but he stares at them .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , but I knew it was rude .
tr	I	His eyes looked blankly ahead as if he were waiting for me to scream , and his jaw was clenched .
tr	I	God bless him , still trying to wag , but his tail 's two thirds shorter than it used to be , blood everywhere .
tr	I	If he wanted to fuck it up , then that was his prerogative , and it was Liam 's life .
tr	O	据说，他们无法将斯堪的纳维亚的妖魔鬼怪和经文在他们困惑的大脑中分开。
tr	I	It was the best he could do , but he didn 't know if that made sense .
tr	O	她很害怕，但是她没有力气挣扎。
tr	I	Her mouth would hang open just a little and I knew her eyes would be wide open .
tr	O	她现在意识到她一直在秘密寻找那个人，而且她以前的男朋友没有一个符合要求。
tr	O	我继续拥抱，并且她也这样做了。
tr	O	他认为有她的那个疣，他应该能够做到，但是这些年来他几乎没有在那里待过。
tr	I	She felt wrung out and it was after midnight .
tr	O	默瑟夫人开始在艾玛的面前关门，但是在她完全关上之前她停顿了一下。
tr	O	他曾担心她会告诉伯爵他的人中有一个是小偷，但是偷窃似乎是她最不关心的事情。
tr	O	我们有世界上最好的医生和他一起工作，并且他们将尽其所能。
tr	O	鲍勃点头称是，但是他的嘴上却依然挂着一丝愁容。
tr	O	我的眼睛刺痛，并且我的肺部疼痛。
tr	I	He was snoring a little and Arthur 's head was slumped forward on his chest .
tr	I	It was starting to rain , and the wind was kicking up .
tr	I	It was interrupted by the site of men racing toward him , but he tried to give her an encouraging smile .
tr	O	我们每个人都不同，仅此而已，并且我们每个人都有不同的事情要做。
tr	I	I moaned as I pushed into him harder , and it felt as magnificent as I had imagined .
tr	I	My breathing had become erratic and this scenario felt so dangerous my arms had goose bumps .
tr	O	我们的人比你知道的要多，并且我们也算是一种家人。
tr	O	在过去几年里，克拉丽莎一直是我最亲密的朋友，并且她非常了解我。
tr	I	Two used something else , and two used David Cox paper .
tr	O	我不确定她为什么要接杰克逊的电话，但是我欢迎一个盟友，无论我在哪里能找到一个。
tr	O	我试图抵抗他，但是他用一句话阻止了我。
tr	I	Here you are willing to do all these sweet things for me , but you met me less than a week ago .
tr	O	迈克尔也很高兴，因为他已经认识了那些女人，并且她们没有什么好害怕的。
tr	I	I answer to all , and I go by many names .
tr	O	答案就在我眼前，但是我仍然不想相信。
tr	O	保罗·坎贝尔照他被告知的做了，并且只要伊桑扣押着他的儿子，他就会继续这样做。
tr	O	我会品尝善良的死亡滋味，并且我会以死者的灵魂为食。
tr	I	I only have notes , but I 'll need to write the third essay .
tr	I	Quinn didn 't exist and it was like Mom .
tr	O	他没能为黛娜做任何事，但是他大可以为阿什利牺牲自己。
tr	I	The scariest one was the one he said next , but there were so many ways to answer the question .
tr	O	她和我一起上了电梯，并且我们下了一层。
tr	O	我想帮助他们找到她，但是我不知道我能如何做到。
tr	O	对待客户，他一向会超越他们的预期，但是他从未当过冤大头。
tr	O	我眯起眼睛，想数数有多少人走在上层走道上，但是今天那里没有人。
tr	I	I shivered , and the cold humidity of the tomb was still lingering inside of me .
tr	O	你可以每晚都来这里，并且她也不会醒来把你推开。
tr	I	My normal sense of caution is absent , but the building is down a road we haven 't cleared yet .
tr	I	They can find you and if you reach out they 'll feel you .
tr	I	The little butterflies that started tickling my belly have morphed into angry crows battling it out in my gut and my nerves are out of control .
tr	O	阿比盖尔捕捉到他的表情，但是她仍然更用力地推了。
tr	O	我不想参与其中，并且我告诉了他们。
tr	I	The face was completely destroyed but he could see where the bullet had entered .
tr	I	We both know it and this is a lie .
tr	O	他咆哮了一声，并且苹果后退了。
tr	I	Danny prepared himself for the chorus and Calvin took over the second half of the first verse .
tr	I	She had picked up bagels and I went to the kitchen .
tr	I	His face was twitching in agitation , and the Courtier 's eyes bulged in their sockets .
tr	I	Danni shook him off , but he placed his hand on her shoulder .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but I waited .
tr	I	It made me frantic and she was covered in something .
tr	I	Besides , even knowing he wouldn 't burn to death , it gave me some satisfaction to watch him ablaze , and it wouldn 't work anyway .
tr	I	I program my own drink , just in case , but I decide to risk Dina 's hospitality after all .
tr	O	安德鲁把手臂环在我腰上，并且我们离开了。
tr	O	门开了，并且迈克走进了浴室。
tr	O	电梯到了我们楼层，并且我们走向我们的房间。
tr	O	我的耳朵随着我们升高而发胀，并且我深吸了一口气，努力克制住恐惧。
tr	O	被她的手势惊到，我抓住了她的小手，并且她笑了。
tr	O	布莱斯绷紧了身体，并且她的肩膀僵硬了。
tr	I	The horse turned fully toward him in confusion and his movements were suddenly rigid .
tr	O	当她往外偷看时，走廊是空的，但是她没有等待那种状态改变。
tr	O	音乐强劲有力，美妙动听，并且她希望她能真正看到乐队。
tr	I	Her face quickly became thoughtful once more , but Mab joined in with his self-satisfied chuckles .
tr	O	到你的车里去，并且你就可以离开了。
tr	I	Then I realized the hands were hot as a stove , but I tried to jerk away , thinking the crawling ghoul had reached me .
tr	O	她试图坐起来时痛苦地皱了皱眉，但是他把她按了回去。
tr	O	她爱着他，并且他也爱着她。
tr	I	My face had aged beyond belief and my eyes were red from crying .
tr	O	她当然信任他，但是她不确定他是否能救他们。
tr	I	In a way , I pitied the machine , and the list was endless .
tr	O	我进入你的生活，而且天下大乱。
tr	I	He hadn 't moved , but my startled gaze flew back to him .
tr	I	Her face became stone , and something in her snapped .
tr	O	她的耳朵嗡嗡作响，并且她感到头晕目眩。
tr	I	Until she understood what she needed out of life , she was giving avoidance her best shot , but she couldn 't avoid both men forever .
tr	I	She smiles and I suggest .
tr	O	它当然不是，但是我假装它是。
tr	I	Dammit , this was his future at stake ... but he 'd had enough confrontation in his younger years that he tried to avoid it now .
tr	I	It did the job , but it took more effort .
tr	I	Its presence unnerved me , but the trap was obvious .
tr	O	我们的一些人被感染了，而且我才勉强来到这里。
tr	I	Now he saved her again , and he had saved her once .
tr	I	We 'll never have to be under anyone 's thumb again and I will be her protector .
tr	I	She shook her head , but Elliot asked if he could help .
tr	O	我看过丽莎的出生证明，但是列为她父亲的那个男人实际上并不存在。
tr	O	玛丽除了她自己的气味，没有其他气味，而且那正是吸引他来到她身边的原因。
tr	O	纳什爬上船，并且船身危险地向下沉入波浪中。
tr	I	No one had ever heard of the Old Man sending that many at once on any mission , and four of those names were senior field ops .
tr	O	她为此恨自己，但是那并没有改变什么。
tr	O	有趣的是，那女人被指给我看，并且她长得很像我以前认识的一个人。
tr	I	She would rather die , and that if I couldn 't find her mate , no one could .
tr	I	Her head rested on his chest and he pulled her into his arms .
tr	O	也许她遇到了一个有钱的大学生，并且他们去巴哈马群岛巡游了。
tr	I	Even durable metal has a breaking point , but I know you said I 'm the strongest person you 've ever known .
tr	I	I jumped , and my phone rang .
tr	O	她在跌向地板时试图抓住墙壁，但是墙壁根本没用。
tr	O	他以为他们离开城堡时她已经足够稳定了，但是也许他不该把她一个人留在马车里。
tr	O	他们一整天都在躲避它，并且他曾希望这场风暴会成为他的盾牌。
tr	O	她用肘部碰了他一下，并且他让她赶紧跑开了。
tr	I	It wasn 't fast enough , yet we 'd driven almost nonstop .
tr	O	他只会把她逼到那里，并且她没有武器。
tr	O	你只需要启动这个机制，并且内部电子设备应该会自动完成。
tr	O	迪伦帮我进了出租车，并且我坐到了座位上。
tr	O	这就像他是在求我戏弄他，并且不假思索地，我又变回了酒吧里那个更勇敢的女孩。
tr	O	警方掌握的任何证据都是间接的，但是人们曾因远少于此的证据被定罪。
tr	I	She hadn 't moved far enough , fast enough , and there were only two main highways .
tr	O	在微弱的光线下，我能看到他的嘴巴在动，但是他没有发出任何声音。
tr	I	I know he 's waiting , listening , but nothing about him has changed .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember what it was , but Spencer knew she was supposed to say her first line .
tr	O	伊利亚没那么圆滑，但是伊万是。
tr	O	LED灯只是冻结了，并且一个接一个地熄灭了。
tr	O	他们的皮肤是深红色的，并且他们的牙齿是白色的。
tr	I	I couldn 't shrug it off , and it worried me I should connect the image of Eadie with Sarah .
tr	I	James let out a deep breath , and immediately the boys stilled .
tr	O	他试图摒弃他恐惧的想法，但是没有用。
tr	O	我会称之为义愤，但是以我亲吻Trick后仍在颤抖的方式来看，我认为“义愤”可能有点牵强。
tr	I	A smile curls at his lips as he starts to lurk toward me and I step toward him .
tr	I	None had extended to the bedroom , but they may have had problems .
tr	O	她不满足于仅仅有他的陪伴，并且他已经厌倦了她的。
tr	O	莎伊捂住耳朵，但是不人道的声音仍然传到她耳边。
tr	I	It carries to him but her voice is gentle .
tr	O	你是我，并且我是你。
tr	O	我们的进展因我的状况而放缓，并且当我无法再前进时，我们还没有走远。
tr	O	他不是克林特·伊斯特伍德，但是如果他用球棒打出漂亮的一击，他就可以称自己为男人。
tr	I	I want to move on with my life and I have nothing left to give .
tr	O	她的胃翻腾着，并且她的心砰砰直跳。
tr	O	刺眼的太阳让我的眼睛产生了错觉，并且他们的剪影看起来比实际更近。
tr	O	惠特曼先生挑起了一边眉毛，并且接着，出人意料地笑了。
tr	I	She was really excited to go and Amelia had never been to Vegas .
tr	O	我用颤抖的双手接过它，但是我没有发出一点声音。
tr	I	She opened the door , and Rema 's face warmed .
tr	O	天使的马在最后一刻移动了，并且尖端毫不迟疑地刺入它的喉咙。
tr	O	他做了一个鬼脸，并且我摇了摇头。
tr	I	My hand cracked across his face and my arm swung back .
tr	O	史蒂夫一直叫她放松点，并且他的语气有时充满了不耐烦。
tr	I	I began to disbelieve him , but it is dreadful to say it .
tr	I	It somehow still gets better every time , and I 've been kissing her every day for over a year .
tr	O	我爬了起来，并且剧痛向我袭来。
tr	I	Everything we do know is perfectly respectable , but we may not know much of him .
tr	I	It 'd make me not want to give up either and I know you 'd never give up .
tr	I	When he hung up the phone , he didn 't even bother grabbing his car keys , but Dawson reassured Bethany everything was cool .
tr	I	I was too preoccupied with saving my brother to be relieved , but these demons didn 't have any beasts with them .
tr	I	She recognized Reese 's voice and it was louder this time .
tr	I	It might take me a while to finish it , but when I 'm done , each piece will hold something about my life .
tr	I	I knew I was right and he looked away .
tr	I	I let him in on a secret but I don 't know what possesses me .
tr	I	Rand had handled it well , but there had been some tension .
tr	O	他的身体恢复了正常，并且他感觉又回到了从前的自己。
tr	O	他能感觉到这种分离，并且这几乎是一种打击。
tr	O	找到厨房的电灯开关，他打开了它，并且房间亮了起来。
tr	I	I didn 't know how to fix it and something was broken .
tr	I	She started moving toward me , but Blood poured down her chin .
tr	I	She waved her fingers at her guards , and Rob helped her back into her carriage .
tr	O	这很舒缓，并且……并且她真的不知道。
tr	O	我们尽了最大努力，但是这没有任何区别。
tr	I	She dutifully rose to her feet , but something about his tone made her insides quiver .
tr	I	He kept eating it anyway , but it looked nasty .
tr	I	The gunman swung in the child 's direction , and it sent chills up Rachel 's spine .
tr	O	我开车时看着熟悉的环境，并且我几乎能闻到空气中的花粉味。
tr	I	I shout and she disappears .
tr	I	He stood behind her to see whatever she was showing him on the computer , and Candace , Brian 's fiancee , sat at his desk .
tr	I	Someone leaked a CSI photo from the latest killing , but we were able to secure the crime scenes before the press arrived .
tr	O	戴蒙本可以让他流血而死，但是他永远无法通过缟玛瑙把我救出来。
tr	I	Keep it as a rental ... or or .
tr	I	The doors are missing and the windows are broken .
tr	O	他们的关系并非他所期望的，但是他们正在变得更亲密。
tr	O	电梯门在无声的铰链上滑开，并且布伦南跟着马修斯走进了那个闪亮的金属箱。
tr	O	有一刻，她以为他是作为吊唁者来的，但是他却如此强烈地盯着她。
tr	I	He knew just how that felt and she seemed to be at a loss for words .
tr	I	The gangs knew it had something to do with him , and too many gangs had disappeared over the last several months .
tr	I	This is the very thing I need to fuel me and soon I will do battle .
tr	O	他发出一声恼怒的声音，但是他的笑容却减弱了它的效果。
tr	O	确保他的安全是她的职责，并且武器之类的东西通常与那个角色相冲突。
tr	I	The ability startled me , but not that he could have done much damage hanging there .
tr	O	我不敢相信，但是它几乎让我踉跄。
tr	I	His eyebrows pulled together , and he set his spoon down .
tr	O	快感比我用手指时更强烈，而且我已经能感觉到自己即将迎来另一次高潮。
tr	I	Like magic , it began to swing open , and I slammed my foot hard into the corner .
tr	I	He tore at the leather strap to release it , and Dirk had finally figured out how his new helm was secured .
tr	O	他面临着巨大的风险，但是如果不采取任何措施，风险会更大。
tr	I	He pinned her legs down with his own , but she kicked out , trying to strike the big bastard in the balls .
tr	I	I continued on but his staring made me uncomfortable .
tr	O	戴蒙担忧地看了我一眼，并且我脸红了。
tr	I	She chose to ignore them , but they received a lot of looks , more from the adults than kids .
tr	O	她把我们拆散了，但是她从未真正明白自己在做什么。
tr	I	The shower turned on and the door closed .
tr	I	I nodded again , and she looked at me .
tr	I	None could attest to his whereabouts , but many knew of Timmy .
tr	O	他开始起身，但是她阻止了他。
tr	I	The doorbell rang , and we were all moving towards the door when a shadow loomed across the threshold .
tr	O	门上传来敲门声，并且玛雅转过身，黄色的连衣裙穿在身上，头发仍然用毛巾包着。
tr	O	谢天谢地塔蒂亚娜去做脸了，或者她肯定会向她连珠炮似地发问。
tr	O	他静静地听着，但是我看着他的手慢慢地握成了拳头。
tr	O	我看着特里斯坦点头，仿佛他什么都明白了，但是我从他眼中看到，一切都像我一样一团糟。
tr	I	She poured herself some more , and her tea bowl was empty .
tr	I	Now it was too late to take it back and it didn 't come out right .
tr	O	她不得不接受她不会有亲生孩子的事实，但是她无法完全放弃他们的梦想。
tr	O	能够掌控本地和区域市场一定很不错，麦格雷迪心想。
tr	O	杰拉尔丁在人形时极其独立，但是当他们变形时，她却让亨利做主。
tr	O	同情之色在他脸上闪过，但是他的语气并没有变柔和。
tr	O	我有感觉，但是这里却无物可感。
tr	O	注射的副作用会慢慢消退，并且随之，她会变得更强壮。
tr	I	She wanted to protect me , and she was an FBI agent .
tr	I	He looked like a very clean-cut man and his brown hair was slicked back nicely .
tr	I	He certainly isn 't my boyfriend , and he 's not my friend yet .
tr	O	一条小蛇闪耀着鲜艳的紫色，并且我看着她的脸颊因骄傲而泛红。
tr	I	The world will believe it was a conspiracy from inside Korea and the South Korean authorities would point the finger north .
tr	I	He felt an inkling of guilt about that and he was turning her life upside down .
tr	I	Michele had appeared from nowhere and we looked up .
tr	I	I came after and he went through an opening to his left .
tr	O	她本该感到害怕，但是她却只是略感好奇。
tr	I	I saw something in the garage sparkle and a streak of lightning lit the sky .
tr	I	He rushed forward , and his eyes connected with her .
tr	O	他笑了，并且罗杰打开了文件夹。
tr	I	I can 't remember which guy it was and I hooked up with someone at a party .
tr	O	让我的所有囚犯保持沉默这件事必须结束，并且它必须现在就结束。
tr	I	They were back where they had started and more than half the time gone .
tr	I	There was nothing , but I looked around for something to hide behind .
tr	I	I forget she 's my daughter and she talks to me sometimes .
tr	O	我仍然非常兴奋，但是我觉得被遗弃了，被拒绝了。
tr	I	Then added ' Change your modus operandi , and he typed out a message to Barry with the details .
tr	I	Payback would start tonight , minutes from now , but she knew that nothing would bring Drake back .
tr	I	It seems they lead to nowhere but they have difficulty following them .
tr	O	格雷格对社会反弹的关注很可爱，但是有时这让他很难合作。
tr	I	The words fell dead upon the pillow , but with every gasped breath she pleaded with him .
tr	I	I lost her not long after , and my wife saw Faith as the daughter she never had .
tr	O	另一位坐在阿亨身旁的董事吸了口气准备说话，但是奥班在他发出声音前就投去了一个严厉的眼神。
tr	I	I still felt bad about it , but it was his fault for not booking separate rooms .
tr	I	It appeared to be the best that we were going to get but it wasn 't a ringing endorsement of the shanty way of life .
tr	O	请让我向你保证，我们不震惊，而且我们也不反对。
tr	O	他长叹了一口气，并且那只会让事情变得更糟。
tr	O	你很坚强，米哈伊尔，并且你的人民相信你是对的。
tr	I	I was cushioned on top of him and he twisted in midair so he took the brunt of the landing .
tr	O	肾上腺素飙升，并且我扭动了身体。
tr	O	它们在烟雾中慢慢蒸发，并且上升的风将它们带走了。
tr	O	这让他母亲担心坏了，但是那些渴望在他第一次狩猎后就停止了。
tr	O	我知道你被她所做的事情伤害了，但是我告诉她他们会杀了我。
tr	O	她的胸口很痛，并且她只是想找个地方独处。
tr	I	That had worn off in most places , but it had once been gilded with silver .
tr	I	It was the only thing I could think of to keep the future at bay , but I shouldn 't have .
tr	I	There was no way I was putting on any tight pants , and I had slight bruising on my wrists .
tr	O	这很难解释，但是这房子似乎有好的气场。
tr	I	He opened his eyes and a few seconds later all movement ceased .
tr	I	I felt a surge of hope , and Patch rested his hand on my thigh .
tr	I	I 'm helpless to stop them and tears fall .
tr	I	His sobs quieted , and Howard finally got a dose of sedative down his throat between wails .
tr	O	蒂克感觉到他妈妈又紧张起来了，并且他在她说话前没能阻止她。
tr	O	她搂住他，把脸埋进他的脖子里，并且迈克一周多以来第一次松了口气。
tr	I	I could tell he was moving something heavy , and Mase grunted .
tr	O	她已经有了新男朋友，并且他却在这里，还在思念几年前拒绝了他的女孩。
tr	O	他的父母不恨他，但是他们似乎忽略了他。
tr	O	我一直看着电话，好像想打电话给他听他的声音，但是我知道我不应该。
tr	O	她的嘴唇颤抖着，并且她看起来非常痛苦，尼克再也受不了了。
tr	O	似乎我们已经避免了最坏的情况，但是仍然有一朵可怕的乌云笼罩在我们头上。
tr	I	She did not know how good Micah was but Parker was one of the best players in the state of Washington .
tr	O	也许这就足够了，但是她需要做些什么来让工作环境更愉快，来建立团结。
tr	I	I was the only one who didn 't pull it out as we got off the shuttle , but I had a gun strapped to either hip .
tr	I	None had tormented him like this , but other partners had whipped his flesh to ribbons , stabbed him , bitten him .
tr	O	我听到了那低沉粗犷的声音，但是它在这里似乎没有任何意义。
tr	I	I want to know more , but Mani told me some about it .
tr	I	The whiskey flowing down his throat seemed to disprove this , but his mind told him that what he was experiencing was impossible .
tr	I	She resisted , but I tried to pull her to one of the many lounges in the room .
tr	I	They all bless him and every day , it is a party going in the village .
tr	O	大部分时间他没有看着我，但是有时他会。
tr	I	He smiled back , relieved and Mum smiled at him .
tr	O	暴风雨的乌云在头顶翻滚，并且远处的雷声稳步向他们逼近。
tr	I	I dropped my hand and Harry came back in .
tr	O	莫妮卡几乎走不动了，并且尽管没有人提到，但事实是他们之所以保持这种缓慢的速度是因为她。
tr	I	The words don 't come , but I pull back to say something .
tr	I	His body was suddenly tense as it knelt beside me , but he didn 't hurt me .
tr	I	It won 't break your skin , but if fragments hit you , it might feel like a hornet nest fell on you .
tr	I	Her words were too close to home but she was just stating the facts .
tr	O	我本该收拾我的物品，为那天下午的开车回家做准备，但是我做不到。
tr	O	天刚蒙蒙亮，但是摩根知道牧场生活开始得很早。
tr	O	萨姆是独生子，但是特德就像亲兄弟一样。
tr	I	Thor rolled out of the way , the blow barely missing his back , and Elden came down with his sword again , slashing down hard .
tr	O	她的眼睛是棕色的，并且她的脸，虽然漂亮，但看起来太像人类了。
tr	O	男人说的是英语但带着浓重的德国口音，我想。
tr	I	I liked it , but it sounded dirty .
tr	I	They tended to Ronald and it wasn 't long before the ambulance showed up .
tr	O	-- 早在您来拜访我的第一天，您就选了这个位置，并且像现在这样坐下了。
tr	O	她看着詹姆斯，并且他鼓励性地点了点头。
tr	O	莉莉拥有她多年来形成的防护盾，并且她会自动使用它们。
tr	O	她的胃咕咕叫了，并且她的脸颊发热了。
tr	O	她的声音里带着泪水，但是伊森继续向上爬，直到他的头撞到了舱口。
tr	I	We had a chat about it and I gave Alan Bond a call .
tr	I	He wouldn 't risk having his father find out , but he wondered if he should go to a doctor .
tr	I	I expect you to learn to do the same , and I will never lie to you .
tr	O	她的手立刻伸向我的皮带，并且我猛地扯下衬衫，把它扔到地上。
tr	O	他的秘密离开可能已被泄露，但是一切并未完全失去。
tr	O	很难找到一些干木头，但是我做到了。
tr	O	我正努力表现得年轻一点，但是我不想和艾丽假装。
tr	I	Our families have ties that go far back , and I 've known her since high school .
tr	I	There 's no need to ask But uncertain what the dawn will yield .
tr	O	他移到我旁边，伸手去抓我的手，但是我抽回了手。
tr	I	Finally Murray spoke , but it stretched so long Chandler wondered if the man had lost the ability to speak .
tr	I	So far , everything was as I had remembered before and I was back where I had started at the church .
tr	O	“求你了，上帝，不要是杰森，”她祈祷道，但是显然上帝正忙于他处。
tr	O	我嘴里说出来的话毫无意义，但是我不在乎。
tr	I	This was a business meeting , but any other time , I might have walked out to her as is .
tr	I	I could tell he liked it , but the creature let out a little snort .
tr	I	I 'll be all clingy and you 'll want to move on to the next woman .
tr	O	他不知道丹麦现在是几点，但是他爸爸总是回复他的短信。
tr	O	Trystan会在练习时和我说话，但是我所能见到他的就只有这些了。
tr	O	现在，我知道这听起来有点变态，但是我想揍他们每一个人。
tr	I	It was pretty damning and I saw the evidence .
tr	O	他瞥了我一眼，并且我笑了。
tr	I	It was still coming down but the rain had slowed up .
tr	I	There are others like him out there , but the one we were talking about is dead .
tr	I	She never lost consciousness of its presence in her grasp , but Kellen let her weapon go to her side .
tr	I	We don 't think he 's done the research , but it appears he has some idea about emu farming .
tr	O	这是我的计划，并且你不包括在内。
tr	I	For the first time she hesitated and her breath caught in her throat .
tr	I	I had yet to make a friend , and it was late October now , almost two months into the fall term .
tr	O	他体型更大，但是她更快。
tr	O	她本来只预料是几英尺深，但是她却掉进了一个十多英尺深的洞里。
tr	O	我踢了她的肚子，并且她疼得尖叫起来。
tr	I	She nudges a heavy wooden door open with her shoulder , and we reach the end of the tunnel .
tr	O	他们笑得很开心，并且他们很享受这次搬家。
tr	I	I 'm not skipping anyone , and I still need to find the traitors .
tr	I	She liked that her skills had improved since they 'd first started , but she had no doubt he could continue for a few more hours .
tr	O	他无法定义它，但是感觉很棒。
tr	O	我们玩了三轮，并且我赢了其中两轮。
tr	I	He nodded and she asked .
tr	O	我知道苏西很沮丧，但是我从未料到她会做出这样的事情。
tr	I	Some of my frustration shook into my voice , and I sighed .
tr	O	他在俱乐部有个不错的演出机会，并且他不想失去它。
tr	O	其他三人绕过一个转角走在我们前面，并且有几分钟我们是单独的。
tr	I	They knew why I was doing it , and everybody knew who I was .
tr	I	He stepped back shaking his head but her hand reached for him .
tr	O	那是阵亡将士纪念日周末的周一，并且她可以不用工作了。
tr	I	I was dying of curiosity , but I 'd refrained from asking thus far , certain I wouldn 't get a real answer .
tr	I	The men seemed to accept me , and I grew accustomed to my duties .
tr	O	她听到他咒骂，并且她的眼睛再次睁开了。
tr	O	很安静，并且她独自一人。
tr	I	It was hard not to cry and I 'd never looked so beautiful .
tr	I	Only fresh death helped them wet them again , and before magic returned to faerie , their hats were dry .
tr	I	She knew that Tod meant death , but she had never heard the word before .
tr	O	德鲁转向了另一个方向，但是一辆黑色SUV驶入，堵住了小巷的第三街入口。
tr	I	The comments are not , but this attitude is like her .
tr	O	仿佛她感受到我的凝视，她与我四目相对，但是她已没有足够的活力去介意。
tr	I	It had been years since she 'd had to bow before anyone ... But he 'll leave you alone eventually .
tr	O	他近几个月的重点一直放在新加坡交易上，并且他对KCL的侦察工作在埃弗里特去世前就已完成。
tr	O	我努力回想，但是一切都显得相当模糊。
tr	O	天开始下雪了，并且我爸爸正开车送他们回家，回到我们住在威彻斯特的地方。
tr	I	He held her close and she leaned her head against his chest .
tr	I	The intensity in his stare had a magnetic pull , and he brought his gaze up .
tr	I	She couldn 't quite place it , but it was an oddly familiar taste .
tr	I	There 's still enough light that I can see Lea 's face clearly , but it 's fairly late , the sun descending behind the hills .
tr	I	I stand there , not breathing , not moving , trying not to feel anything , and my lungs refuse to do their job .
tr	O	威利斯带领弗兰克进入法官办公室外的走廊，并且哈金法官打电话给汽车旅馆的警长。
tr	O	又一声响，并且他看到一只鹿棕色的臀部，一见到他就跳跃着跑开了。
tr	O	他本想表现得亲切有礼，但是他从来没能很好地做到亲切有礼。
tr	O	她的膀胱胀得难受，并且她从利亚姆身边挤了过去，答应很快会从茅房回来。
tr	I	He feared the consequences and Elijah acknowledged he 'd taken the choice away from Isaac .
tr	O	她曾把这一页按压在那个符号上，并且那些栗色污渍仍然完美地保留着每一条线条。
tr	I	I was using it for a school project at the time , and Dad had just given it to her for Christmas , remember .
tr	O	我最想的就是成为戴米恩的妻子，但是事实是我也想要一场童话般的婚礼。
tr	O	他从今天早上就没吃东西了，所以他饿了。
tr	O	最终他的脸被路灯柔和的光芒照亮了，并且我很快就察觉到了他身上的魔法气息。
tr	O	在第二回合我用长矛击中了他，所以他从马上摔了下来！
tr	I	I wondered if the offer came with the option to lick his fingers clean as well , and his voice deepened .
tr	O	弗朗西斯卡脸色苍白，并且她没有来帮忙拯救泽夫，尽管她是一位了不起的治疗师。
tr	I	I couldn 't move , but I looked around the room .
tr	O	我会大声说出幻灯片编号，并且杰夫，你记录结果。
tr	O	走廊里铃声响了，并且我们开始收拾东西。
tr	I	The entire situation began to feel surreal and I asked when the silence became uncomfortable .
tr	O	小和尚确实暗示了失败会带来可怕的命运，但是他没有说她预计何时才能使这个疯人院恢复活力。
tr	I	It doesn 't mean that she likes it , but she understands it 's part of my job .
tr	O	肌肤相亲的感觉令人触电，并且她紧贴着他，臀部抬起摩擦着他的勃起，就像昨天一样。
tr	O	解脱感涌上心头，并且她猛地站了起来。
tr	I	I don 't look up from my work and my voice is even .
tr	O	魔法在我血液中燃烧，并且无论怀孕让我变得多么烦人地虚弱，我的力量都没有减弱太多。
tr	O	我爸爸正在失去控制，并且船正在倾斜。
tr	I	Her body began to hum in response , and she knew he would smell all male .
tr	O	脚步声追随了他仿佛一个世纪那么久，但是他就是没有勇气转身。
tr	O	我只要说一句话，并且你就会被放逐去和一位远房姑妈同住。
tr	I	I swallowed hard and my heart shattered into pieces .
tr	O	当梅兰妮摇了摇头时，他的脸沉了下来，并且明亮的笑容被撅起的嘴取代了。
tr	O	他的评论很刺耳，但是我让它对我毫无影响。
tr	I	I don 't feel the need to force him out , but he 's in my circle of space .
tr	O	她这次找到了血管，但是她没有撕裂得足够深。
tr	O	我是在开玩笑，并且它比我平时说的话要粗俗得多。
tr	I	She kissed me anyway , and I relaxed visibly .
tr	I	He hasn 't filed them yet , but Guy up in Chicago has a bunch of cases .
tr	I	I could hear the anger vibrating just beneath the surface but he sounded deceptively calm .
tr	O	他的声音很洪亮，但是他的眼神很顽皮。
tr	I	We return to the same table by a pool , and I suggest the two of us have drinks alone .
tr	O	他似乎在保护他断裂肋骨一侧的手臂，但是除此之外他看起来没事。
tr	I	I looked too , and he looked down at my feet again .
tr	O	他的胃因他得出的结论而翻腾，但是，该死的，它们感觉是对的。
tr	O	我想这意味着我需要调整我的思维，但是你必须给我时间。
tr	O	他显然很高兴摆脱了她，并且她同样感谢能在那次骑行中幸存下来。
tr	I	For a moment Shea was curiously thankful , and her back was to him .
tr	I	Addison tore the tape off his mouth and Gregory hauled him upright again .
tr	I	Now we will be united , but the factions have divided us .
tr	I	None of them compared to her best friend 's , but she 'd been to some spectacular weddings .
tr	O	女人轻轻地喘息了一声，并且山姆绷紧了身体。
tr	I	Kim shuffled in , and he stepped aside .
tr	O	她试图用一只手肘撑起身子，但是那努力让她气喘吁吁。
tr	O	他的背对着她，但是他能感受到她的恐惧。
tr	O	斯图尔特张开嘴想说什么，但是洛夫已经推开了门。
tr	I	I never moved , but several times my cell phone rang .
tr	O	他的父亲用手指划过剑柄，但是那条龙没有活过来。
tr	O	谁知道七年后她会有什么样的问题，但是至少他不必回答这个问题。
tr	I	He had enough on his plate trying to save Larry without worrying about two of them , and there probably wasn 't much McElroy could do .
tr	O	情况可能会更糟，并且这倒也可能好得多。
tr	I	When no one answered she rang it again impatiently , and Chapter Fifteen Rena rang the doorbell of the townhouse .
tr	I	She could see that he was indeed the man in her mother 's photograph and he came slowly toward her .
tr	O	他的头倾向一边，并且我转过身面向另一个方向。
tr	I	She caught it in both hands and he tossed it to her .
tr	I	Nobody outside of us even knows it exists , and you saw the guards as we came in .
tr	O	罗布猛踩油门，但是轮胎却陷在原地。
tr	I	It touched the three male Carpathians , yet there was no chance of the dark horror finding her .
tr	O	我帮着把埃尔德的胳膊穿过背包的肩带，并且它卡入了衣服的硬壳部件。
tr	I	He closed his eyes briefly against the movement , and Finn 's head fell back onto his pillows .
tr	O	他的胃里一阵翻腾，并且他的腿颤抖起来。
tr	I	His mother was old and Rash was her second child .
tr	I	I 'm pushing him , and he 's so tired .
tr	I	I can 't tell what he 's thinking , and he looks at me oddly for a moment .
tr	I	He could feel Joni shiver and his body trembled with anticipation .
tr	I	Those who do challenge him stand no chance , and those who are sane dare not challenge him .
tr	O	她喜欢扮演富有的年轻名媛的角色，但是她的性格却非常脚踏实地。
tr	O	鼓点奏起了舞动的节拍，并且风笛也进入了舞动的节奏。
tr	O	我会在这里待几个月，但是我不认为那会真的有必要。
tr	O	我的目光停留在她身上，并且我保持着平静的表情。
tr	I	He had to see the truth of it on some level , but I didn 't expect him to agree right away .
tr	I	He wouldn 't know that , but she hadn 't taken Justin 's name when they married .
tr	I	It was the only museum Della could remember around here , but she really should have come up with a better lie .
tr	O	维多利亚走向那栋建筑，并且随着她走得更近，更多的细节变得清晰可见。
tr	O	太阳已经落下，并且月亮高悬。
tr	O	我无法解释，但是他却甩掉了之前困扰他的一切。
tr	O	这是一个普通的名字，并且她本人也相当普通。
tr	O	他们只是挡了她的路，并且他们是一个巨大的干扰。
tr	O	我自然地笑了，并且感觉很好。
tr	I	The stars went black and I dreamt she pulled me close , kissed me , then held me until the sun .
tr	O	这是乔尔在我们还很小的时候发现并且爱丽丝画的这块浮木。
tr	I	Now all I felt was sadness , and our excursion had started on such a happy note .
tr	O	我把我的无花果牛顿饼干留给了杰西，并且她给了我一些她的奥利奥饼干。
tr	O	伊丽莎白·曼宁向杰米的方向温暖地笑了笑，但是她的眼神在滑向里奇时变得坚硬。
tr	I	Now we 're back for one more , and we made a couple of stops in the area a couple weeks ago .
tr	I	The rifle recoiled down against his leg and his left hand moved .
tr	I	There were an additional two , who never came too close , who did , but now the close guards no longer wore handguns .
tr	O	维克的眼睛在布料撕裂的声音中猛地睁开，并且他盯着那只狼崽。
tr	O	这使他们越过边境进入亚利桑那州，并且芬坦注意到土地正在升高以迎接他们。
tr	O	朱丽叶·劳伦斯小姐可能希望他下地狱，但是她渴望他。
tr	O	一股泪水不期而至，并且我把它们眨掉。
tr	I	He reached for his bow , and Longbow 's head came up sharply .
tr	O	他把它扔向萨凡纳，并且她眨了眨眼。
tr	I	His thoughts were too distant to be conscious and his vision was getting spotted .
tr	O	它们很漂亮，并且它们是石头——这两个原因让她不会把它们戴在耳朵上。
tr	O	她的腿很疼，并且她的肩膀也僵硬了。
tr	I	It did me precious little good , and that light was my only company .
tr	O	莱斯侦破了这起谋杀案，并且正是在那段时间，他认识了莱斯探员，了解到他是一位杰出的探员。
tr	O	当我们走出木门时，贝内特正在大堂等候，并且我告诉了他这个消息。
tr	I	He 's a homicidal genius , but he looks like a Neanderthal .
tr	O	它们孤立地矗立着，显得被遗弃了，但是加比告诉了他们一个更险恶的故事。
tr	I	I 'm terrible with female emotion and I hadn 't expected this .
tr	O	他不知道，但是他四年内都不会再见到他们。
tr	O	它垮下，并且我上升。
tr	I	He remained silent , but Justin 's gaze met hers , questioning .
tr	I	He continued and I did as Ben said .
tr	I	He spooned sugar into it himself , but nicodemus had the valet pour coffee for Deirdre .
tr	I	I don 't expect a change , but we 'll chat in a month .
tr	O	奴隶们现在都有了可用的壁炉，并且有家室的奴隶还增加了更多的空间。
tr	I	I was small then , even for my age and he was a huge dog .
tr	O	我深吸一口气，并且我的手指继续移动。
tr	I	When two great tears began to run down his shaggy face , I felt a little ashamed of myself , but I laughed for a bit .
tr	I	She was in one all the same , but Terri had not gone in the hole as deeply as Beth .
tr	O	我独自一人四处走动并不觉得奇怪，但是我会更想和约书亚一起观光。
tr	I	He had to walk tall , and he was at the front .
tr	O	水相对平静，并且沙滩大多是沙子。
tr	O	我做好了准备，随时准备假装，但是卡多纳夫人开玩笑地评论了他的迟到。
tr	O	他之前曾向她提及他们的学习障碍，但是他从未告诉她他们的外貌。
tr	O	他是一个有耐心的人，但是他厌倦了那孩子的态度。
tr	O	事实上她不得不面对同情的表达，但是她保持的冷淡态度使她免受更私人化的接近。
tr	I	I need you in my life , but I can promise you damn all .
tr	I	It 's the most beautiful sight I 've ever seen , and he smiles , his eyes crinkling .
tr	I	They were gathering in precisely the same places we liked to , and there were just too many of the little creatures .
tr	I	He 's pretty , but not that smart .
tr	O	瑞秋移到那一侧，并且当店员放下包裹时，她将一件衬衫推了过去。
tr	O	她以前问过他这个问题，并且他通常会巧妙地避开它。
tr	O	法师们的眼中有一种普通人所没有的火焰，但是即使是他们也接近了极限。
tr	I	When he gave me a hard time , Colt was always close enough to give me some space and Noah was a good little helper .
tr	O	我们坐在那里吃饭，并且这一次我没有感受到在成年芭比面前通常会感到的不适。
tr	O	她本想取悦，并且她折磨了我。
tr	I	Nanny , his cook , would make a stew with it for dinner and it was an easy shot .
tr	O	整个楼层似乎空无一人，但是我无法摆脱对这些门后发生过的事情的记忆。
tr	O	我没打算说那些话，但是一旦说出口，我一点也不后悔。
tr	O	医生被请来了，并且诊断结果是中风。
tr	I	Her expression is not , but it 's a common pose for her .
tr	I	The impact was minimal , but she expected waves of energy to hit her .
tr	O	他仍在对抗他的冲动，并且我不明白为什么。
tr	O	现在我们真的清楚地知道自己的感受，并且我无法告诉你那让我多么高兴。
tr	O	他们一直都有着特殊的友谊，并且他们现在有机会拥有更多。
tr	O	我知道我让她陷入了困境，但是我真的希望她能采取下一步行动。
tr	O	我不知道我是怎么来到这里的，但是我清楚是斯卡把我抱到这里的，当他爬楼梯的时候。
tr	I	He found her sitting on the porch , looking out over the city and Neil was the first to arrive home in the middle of the afternoon .
tr	I	Melanie had a very good reason for wanting to get out of the villa but he seemed amused by her eagerness .
tr	O	她把它扭了下来，并且我能够把它扭上去。
tr	I	I felt more awkward now , but Evan carried me up the stairs as surely as he started .
tr	O	它响了一声，两声，三声，并且她祈祷有人能接听。
tr	I	We climb in and I hit the unlock button .
tr	O	她推着他到一楼，并且我提着他的行李袋跟在后面。
tr	I	He was still inwardly chuckling over it and he looked like someone had just told him a really funny joke .
tr	O	露比挣扎着站起来，吠叫着，并且半开的门砰地撞到了墙上。
tr	O	她用它做了一个试探性的劈砍动作，并且伊芙笑了。
tr	O	我有点饿了，并且我停不下来吃糖。
tr	I	When I focus on losing her , I could cry , but I don 't know her as well as Vel does .
tr	O	我想把她和那个少年之间的互动称作一次对话，但是那不是。
tr	I	I ended up giving her a very basic explanation of our hunger and Ivy didn 't completely believe me .
tr	I	He leaned closer and a sudden dread came over Nick .
tr	O	她也经历了一次颠簸的着陆，但是至少他们没有翻车。
tr	O	他的母亲仍然昏迷不醒，但是他的父亲正在等他，他的腿打着石膏，金属钉朝各个方向伸出。
tr	O	雪最终超过了扫雪机的清理能力，并且路上仅有的几辆车正在缓慢前行。
tr	O	他之前说过实话，但是那是一种公事化的诚实。
tr	I	He won 't say what 's up , and something weird is going on with Lucas .
tr	I	His golden brown hair was slicked back , the product making it darker than usual and he was wearing a black , double-breasted , tailored suit .
tr	I	Everyone stil shied away from the open doorway , but there was no light in the wel - shaded kitchen .
tr	O	我一路坐在她的对面直到柏林，并且她没有注意到我。
tr	I	I wince and he peels back the bandage .
tr	O	诚然，梅森亲过我的脸颊、额头，几乎所有地方，但是我从未遇到过这种事。
tr	I	Then fell into the water with her still on my back , and I stood there for a second , enjoying the feel of her against me .
tr	O	她需要把这件事想清楚，但是她现在不能。
tr	O	艾迪和任何人一样爱威士忌溪，但是她的归乡之旅每天都变得更加复杂。
tr	O	毕竟是她妹妹的生日晚餐，并且她不想破坏它。
tr	I	This was much different , but Biting was one thing .
tr	O	人群随着歌曲律动，并且我置身其中。
tr	O	她试图抗议，但是他没有在听。
tr	O	鸭溪不是建立基地的最佳地点，但是他们已经别无选择。
tr	O	莫德凯的目光定格在他身上，并且他沉默了一会儿。
tr	O	她把它们放回包里，并且我们站在那里吃了一分钟。
tr	I	It was enough to feel me with guilt and it was killing her to go against her father .
tr	O	她为此爱他们，但是她也知道这对他们来说很困难，因为他们想能够谈论它。
tr	O	这在他身上看起来不好，但是这很熟悉。
tr	I	We all sat down , and a circle was formed on the grass by the Roman arch .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be able to help himself , and agents were protectors by nature .
tr	I	It took him , what , half a second to attack , and he saw Paul losing it ?
tr	O	她很快开始回家，并且他悄悄地走在她后面。
tr	O	他没有刮胡子，并且他的脸上有阴影。
tr	O	一辆车会让他彻底说不出话来，但是这已经很不错了。
tr	I	The waiter moved in closer and he pointed at my nostrils .
tr	O	我知道我是在作弊，但是我宁愿那样也不愿看起来像个十足的白痴。
tr	I	I don 't see that as a bad thing , and it 'll make people happier .
tr	O	他可能没有他那不自然的力量，但是他仍然在呼吸。
tr	I	We bought some refreshments from nearby villagers , who stared at us wide eyed and here our horses were given a much needed rest .
tr	I	It touched many hearts in the audience , and still , they could see that Lea kept going , her will to fight hadn 't been broken .
tr	O	我爸爸也看起来目瞪口呆，但是他随后站了起来，用拐杖末端戳向弗拉德。
tr	O	我慢慢睁开眼睛，并且我们又在外面了。
tr	O	我笨手笨脚地想打开窗户，但是当然，我打不开。
tr	I	After everything that had happened with Noel , Spencer had forgotten , but they 'd made plans to investigate it today .
tr	I	I was completely clueless as to what she was talking about , and we were walking to the car after school .
tr	O	你不是写了四十部推理小说吗，而且其中至少有十几部还相当不错吗？
tr	O	我不得不咬住下唇以防它颤抖，并且我拼命想忍住眼泪不让它们掉下来。
tr	O	他们中有一个蹭到了她，但是之后他们让她过去了。
tr	O	她转身想走，但是查克又一次拦住了她。
tr	I	He gripped her wrist , but she turned to go .
tr	I	I clenched my hands into fists as her familiar sweet scent followed her and Blaire walked into the house .
tr	I	Let 's eat , but for now , it 's good to know he 's guarded .
tr	I	The community was close but our town wasn 't small .
tr	O	他伸出了戒指，并且它在路灯下闪闪发光。
tr	O	我花了一些时间，但是我很喜欢。
tr	I	We wouldn 't be here or we all had one .
tr	O	黛拉也不喜欢它，但是她理解了。
tr	O	他不知道该怎么做，但是他从未在挑战面前退缩过。
tr	O	克里德突然庆幸卡尔不想要尼娜，否则他就要杀死他世上最好的朋友了。
tr	I	I wasn 't getting it , or he wasn 't getting it .
tr	O	时机到了，然后我跳了。
tr	I	His fingers had no strength in them , but he pushed at the tines of the pitchfork .
tr	I	She would never fit and Good lord , another inch on her backside .
tr	I	He was still family , but we might 've had our disagreements in the past .
tr	O	他得绕道十几个社区才能到家，但是至少他可以避开大片树林。
tr	O	他看上去是个非常好的人，但是他几乎好得不像是真的。
tr	I	All began taking notes in earnest , each careful not to look at the man and the jury consultants likewise snapped into action .
tr	I	Food wasn 't going to cut it , even during the day , that was all , and Nina must need some sort of nourishment .
tr	I	That alone would have roused him to action , without her taunts , and she 'd mastered the art of clenching her muscles to massage his cock .
tr	I	She was back to feeling terrified , and moments later her emotions finished their orbit .
tr	O	战争很快就会结束，并且他们的土地将重获自由。
tr	I	For the first time ever she wasn 't sure that she would be enough for him , and he was caught up in something .
tr	O	我向后靠在椅子上，震惊于他对我撒谎，但是能在马克注意到之前掩盖过去。
tr	I	Then she had left , and she had decided she was leaving .
tr	I	She planned to save the argument against his staying until they were alone , but she 'd already anticipated Roman 's protective streak kicking in .
tr	O	这在白天又发生了，而且同样的程序被重复了。
tr	O	他笑了，但是他的牙齿看起来很尖利。
tr	I	He didn 't have to know all that , but we knew it wasn 't going to happen .
tr	O	她妈妈的肩膀颤抖着，眼睛湿润着，但是她仍旧凝视着卡拉。
tr	I	She went on , and he gave her an impatient glance .
tr	I	It was working , and it was clear Nick was trying to get a rise of out Max .
tr	O	这很荒谬，但是她相信了他。
tr	I	A desperate thief gives it no mind , but stealing from royalty meant writing your own suicide letter .
tr	I	He shivered violently , and this brought Brian 's dream back in a rush .
tr	O	她的声音卡在喉咙里，而且她咽了一下，为了说出她练习了四天的最后一句台词。
tr	I	She has to be but she doesn 't answer .
tr	I	Ready to use as I collapsed on my bed and my beautiful little iPhone was on charge .
tr	O	苔丝被耳边的一个声音从睡梦中惊醒，并且一只手用力摇晃着她的肩膀。
tr	O	我们能在那里闻到它，而且它似乎很黏。
tr	O	他们的蓝眼睛转动着，并且金色的盔甲反射着从飞机窗户射进来的落日余晖。
tr	I	Her heart didn 't waver , but her voice quivered with fear .
tr	O	声音说道，并且我看到一张脸在桌子下面看着我。
tr	O	艾德里安的目光盯着李，仍然希望有眼神交流，但是他确实给了我一个快速而讽刺的眼神。
tr	O	提奥点了点头，他的嘴巴太满了说不出话，但是他的眼睛却向艾丽闪烁着微笑。
tr	I	As long as he believed this was what Linda wanted , she knew Jeffrey wasn 't either , and Kevin wasn 't going anywhere .
tr	I	She was being dragged along the sidewalk before she even realized what had happened and her arms were seized .
tr	O	晚饭时间已过很久了，并且我们得找个地方吃点东西。
tr	I	I work out of town and I 'm a meteorologist .
tr	O	在那个时代，人类仍处于初期，并且同情这种美德尚未真正流行起来。
tr	O	宝贝，我走了很长的路，但是不像那些香烟广告所宣称的那样！
tr	I	That was exactly what Zane needed , in Ty 's opinion , and he was a trained psychiatrist , after all .
tr	O	塔莎的声音提高了，并且她俯身向卡米尔。
tr	O	摩西对此无言以对，但是他知道艾米在隐瞒什么。
tr	I	My voice shook when I tried to talk to her and I was so scared that my own head began to feel dizzy .
tr	O	在近距离下这很容易，并且汤姆无声无息地倒下了。
tr	O	我并不真正在意这个设置，但是我确实希望我有一种方法能阻止我的钢笔一直被偷。
tr	O	她等他出来，但是他一定是在种东西。
tr	O	她的声音哽咽了，并且她的肩膀颤抖起来。
tr	O	约书亚的手指包住了石头，但是它在他的皮肤上依然冰凉。
tr	O	她的表情没有改变，但是我 K知道我们即将进行一场严肃的讨论。
tr	O	有时我替她感到惋惜，但是接着在她睡觉时蛇来了。
tr	I	The other looked puzzled and one looked very angry .
tr	O	我问的时候，解脱感涌遍全身，因为想到丹克仍是死神，而且他并未在地狱中燃烧。
tr	I	Evie 's feeling of terror increased , and he wasn 't going to help .
tr	I	That 's awesome , and yes , Joanne has been clean for three years now .
tr	O	人们散落在海滩各处，但是我没有看到一张熟悉的脸。
tr	I	Dylan tied a tarp over it all , and Jace hunkered down with a bunch of junk in the bed of Dylan 's small pickup .
tr	O	我们谁都没有打开它，而且发动机的突然轰鸣反而以某种方式加剧了寂静。
tr	O	他失去专注，而且我跌回地面。
tr	O	西奥更是如此，而且她为他感到害怕。
tr	O	他生我的气，而且他不敢相信我做了这件事。
tr	I	Hank wouldn 't be there , and they would be home soon .
tr	O	谦逊是好事，但是成为烈士和相信自己是上帝的恩赐一样糟糕。
tr	I	Luke was injured , and there was a fight .
tr	I	He should 've known better , but he wondered if she 'd retreat inside , maybe even tell him to get off her property .
tr	O	这不是我宣扬的事情，但是我并不以此为耻。
tr	I	There was no hesitance in his steps , but for a brief second , Carmine blanched in fear .
tr	I	Fuel prices sucked ass , and the old Suburban wasn 't built for efficiency .
tr	I	This was ridiculous , but yes , he 'd read pregnant women could be temperamental .
tr	I	We 're going to tell the story that happened in between , and now we 're going to finish that fight that started all of this .
tr	I	I was alone , save for Maria , who appeared in the doorway holding a plate , but the lamp had been lit .
tr	I	His eyes trailed a figure making its way across Regents Park towards his office , and Sir Henry 's attention was drawn away from his missing spy .
tr	I	It now consisted of those specks of light , but her outward shape didn 't seem to change .
tr	I	There were two pairs of friends in the middle rows , and some solo movie goers had snagged seats near the front .
tr	I	That didn 't make it any easier to hear them , but Brianna 's words were obviously a direct quote .
tr	I	She heard the unmistakable sound of the lock flicking into place , and he closed the door .
tr	I	They al went inside , and Elena unlocked her door .
tr	I	They trooped out in the same order they had come in and Lane nodded to his men .
tr	O	她没有注意到自己正在从地板上浮起，但是安娜注意到了。
tr	I	He didn 't care , but he knew Jonesy did not believe his eyes .
tr	O	因为他害怕她会离开，并且他再也见不到她了。
tr	I	It was the battle of his life but it served him well .
tr	O	也许我还没有准备好承诺，但是我想要他。
tr	I	That story was Lena 's , and Ravenwood always had a story .
tr	I	It was with some apprehension that she opened the door to him and Karen was forced to greet him alone .
tr	I	She stretched , feeling better than she had in weeks and it was an amazingly gorgeous day .
tr	O	我让她去洗澡，并且她这次和我争吵了。
tr	O	他的语调平稳，并且他的目光沉重。
tr	O	我尝试和他谈论这件事，但是这没用。
tr	I	It was Eduard who got up , but they both fell in a heap .
tr	I	For a second my worst nightmare came to life , and she shook her head .
tr	I	She was missing her eyes , and she looked like Lady Godiva .
tr	I	I had to stop myself from kissing her , and she bit her lip .
tr	I	She had always liked it that way , and Liz 's world was rooted in reality .
tr	O	很难判断草人有多远，但是信号随着我们前进变得越来越强。
tr	I	A young woman of the Hunter 's Guild was assigned the task and while living in the Forest he had asked to learn the skill of hunting .
tr	O	他的手很稳，并且他的表情小心翼翼地平静。
tr	O	我不知道汽车竟然能发出像音乐一样的声音，并且它开起来比我开过的任何车都更平稳。
tr	I	I suspected they were together , and Colette had mysteriously gone missing after the wedding , although I saw on the news that Christian Dempsey was back .
tr	I	They all turned up eager for new routines and Miss Daly had an early-morning dance exercise class .
tr	I	He doesn 't answer but I call for Crewe .
tr	O	他闭上了眼睛，并且他的泪水落在了她的皮肤上。
tr	I	You don 't handle her as one with a sorry , mate , and she 's not a man , brother .
tr	I	This time it pressed with urgency against my back as we continued running , but the hand pulled me up again .
tr	I	When mother returned she was regaled with the news and they were both ecstatic .
tr	O	一声鸟鸣划破空气，并且他抬起头，绝望地环顾四周。
tr	I	Seconds seem like hours as I hover toward the surface but I tell myself .
tr	I	Patch refused to let me , but I tried to step back .
tr	O	这一举动吓到了那个可怜的家伙，但是他并不打算抗议。
tr	O	他的裁决于2009年得到了第四巡回法院的确认，并且此案现在正提交美国最高法院审理。
tr	I	His old legs grew tired so quickly , but he was hurrying as best he could !
tr	I	She only stared at me with a cleaver grin , but I waiting a few moments for her to tell me the magic word .
tr	O	对她来说，那是一堵铺天盖地的声音之墙，并且奥格还有额外负担——能听到人们的思想。
tr	O	太多人知道她是谁，并且她不希望与她的旧生活有任何联系。
tr	I	Then I began falling into a warm , sheltering faint , and his fingers caressed my throat , luring the blood to the surface .
tr	I	McCoy had to swerve to narrowly miss hitting the animal , and a large dog bolted out in front of the truck .
tr	O	她躺在那里看起来毫无生气，双眼紧闭，身体一动不动。
tr	O	他告诉过她一些事情，那些伤人的、重要的、真实的事情，并且就一次，她想给他一些属于自己的东西。
tr	O	我从某个地方听到她的笑声，但是我想不清楚是哪里。
tr	O	她的心怦怦直跳，并且她感到头晕。
tr	O	这些是供剧团出售的，但是埃利拥有的一切曾经都是垃圾。
tr	O	你最终会学会用手指弹奏的歌曲，但是当前重要的事情是打好基础。
tr	I	I find myself falling asleep soon enough and I hadn 't realized just how tiring today was .
tr	O	他看到了一些印第安人，但是他非常小心，他们没有看到他。
tr	I	She had little life outside of the mill , and her friends were few .
tr	I	That didn 't matter , but it wasn 't true .
tr	I	I knew something was wrong , and one look at his face .
tr	I	That was yet another thing she hadn 't mentioned to Sam but she 'd broken the contract on the lease yesterday afternoon .
tr	O	德雷克按住埃琳娜的胳膊，但是他的目光注视着扎克。
tr	I	My legs were wrapped around his waist and I wish we were nak * d .
tr	O	我邀请了他，并且他出现了。
tr	I	Despite the intensity of his emotion , he remained admirably calm , but Michael 's face began to colour with anger .
tr	O	站岗的士兵似乎认识司机，并且在检查了他的身份后，很快就让我们通过了。
tr	I	I know you by another name as well , and I have heard much about you .
tr	I	Grandpa didn 't seem quite right , and it was a formal moment .
tr	O	他们洗了澡，并且凯利检查了尼克的缝线。
tr	O	德雷克曾承诺找到她表哥的凶手，但是那现在不会发生了。
tr	O	这个交叉路口被称为奥弗顿广场，并且它为孟菲斯提供了最好的夜生活。
tr	I	I look toward it , and my phone dings again .
tr	O	我的双脚被抬离了地面，但是它们仍然保持着奔跑的姿势，踢着所有抓住我的东西。
tr	I	His hands went to the zipper of my jeans and he chuckled .
tr	O	这一天越来越糟，并且加雷斯已经感到胃里不舒服了。
tr	O	她问，并且我点头。
tr	O	那个中年男人用蹩脚的英语向我打招呼，而且我知道那不可能是梅菲尔德。
tr	I	She squeaks a protest and her hand is jostled .
tr	I	It felt delicious ... and she felt his c * ck push inside her with no warning , no preamble .
tr	O	脚步声在楼梯上砰砰作响，并且我瞬间做出了决定。
tr	I	He practically did nothing to stop him either and the Arc wasn ´ t able to keep the object from falling into his opponent ´ s hands .
tr	O	他的手臂动了动，并且我喜欢那个动作如何使他的肌肉绷紧。
tr	O	一侧脸颊紧贴着宣礼塔的圆顶，并且他的笑声变成了喘息。
tr	O	他有，并且它是。
tr	O	一声尖锐的警报声从机器内部爆发，并且整个按钮面板都变成了鲜红色。
tr	I	He 'd been an imposing sight and she 'd seen him once standing .
tr	I	I clapped my hand over my mouth the moment I realized what I 'd said , and unspeakable agony f lashed across Henry 's face .
tr	I	He needed to hit the ground running if he was to succeed in saving them and there were three to save in the course of the day .
tr	O	餐馆里的每个人都看起来很担心，但是他们不知道自己到底应该担心到什么程度。
tr	O	他只关心竞选，而且他只关心胜利。
tr	O	它是软的，但是她正在哭泣。
tr	O	他可能被我吸引，那很明显，但是他不在乎我。
tr	O	他服下了护士递给他的那些彩色药丸，并且她离开了，让我们继续谈话。
tr	I	I had to bite my lip to concentrate on courtesy , and I smiled , for all my side was hurting now .
tr	I	I 'm not mad , but what I didn 't plan on was him .
tr	O	找到伴侣的唯一方法是与他们同寝，并且如果这是命中注定，他们就会有匹配的印记。
tr	O	他的气色确实更好了，并且他露出了一个顽皮的笑容。
tr	I	He 's not reputed to be a hard master , and the count 's serfs have been running away , though .
tr	O	我甚至都看不到她，但是她听到了我。
tr	O	所有将要发生的事情都已经发生了，并且他什么都改变不了。
tr	O	简不想吃东西，但是她更不想争吵。
tr	O	我给了你一个住的地方，吃的食物，以及尽可能平静的生活。
tr	O	这是妮基让他敞开心扉，并且他不是刚刚说过他欠她的吗？
tr	O	我的嘴巴开始流口水，并且我强忍住了一阵恶心。
tr	I	The engines will run , and we 'll be air-tight .
tr	I	In the end I decided we 'd be more valuable to each other as friends , but I promised to consider it .
tr	O	那瓶酒非常好，但是它只花了一百欧元。
tr	I	It was still easy enough to find stragglers , but the berries had been thinned out somewhat .
tr	I	I look over my shoulder one last time , to check if Tobias caught up to us , and my hand shakes when I grab the railing .
tr	I	The creator of the first blanket beamed her delight , and all the ladies cheered .
tr	I	The other was still open to customers and the archway between had a lattice door that could be latched when one store was closed .
tr	I	His sexy little dimple flashed at me and the wicked grin on his lips grew .
tr	O	几个月后要离开她去上大学会很难，但是我相信她会得到很好的照顾。
tr	I	I was ready for a vacation and it had been a long winter .
tr	O	她的动机是纯洁的，但是如果她碰了他，它们就不会保持那样。
tr	O	她咯咯地笑了，并且我叹了口气。
tr	I	When anyone came near , she lay as one dead , and she made a tourniquet for your arm with strips torn from her headdress .
tr	I	I still don 't look like me , but it 's better .
tr	I	I couldn 't bear it , and I looked at the unease that was written there , plain for al to see .
tr	I	She felt the usual ache when she thought of him , and she wished her younger brother , Drake , were here .
tr	I	Grant 's tensed muscles were ready for action , and two large doors opened .
tr	I	His ghost still kills whoever dares to come inside but he died .
tr	O	他把椅子放在了八字形的一端，并且布雷迪尽其所能地用毯子帮他。
tr	I	She needed to look after him , and she knew , given Dubh 's death , that Conall needed to be cared for .
tr	O	她的语气充满了怀疑，并且我知道我只有一次机会。
tr	I	It 's so boring , but that 's all nice I suppose .
tr	O	你还没有学会考虑后果，并且你承担不起那个。
tr	O	医生摇了摇头，但是他脸上闪过一丝了然。
tr	O	云层占据了上风，并且我们都知道。
tr	I	The two of them stood staring in amazement and Betty followed .
tr	I	Most of the younger generation worshiped the ground he walked on , and he was the closest thing there was to a living legend .
tr	I	The blade was a battered lump of flint , and the haft of the axe was now little more than a splintered stick .
tr	O	他的目光又回到了我的眼中，并且一瞬间，我不确定我是否该那样说。
tr	I	Moreover , alliances between first cousins are undesirable ; and an engagement at your age would be totally rash .
tr	O	我试着通过办公室联系你，并且接待员说你不在。
tr	I	I used that chance to pull Elise away , deeper into the valley , and they did , however , pause .
tr	O	从那以后没有人见过他，但是我仍然心神不宁。
tr	O	她递过来一份礼物，但是我没有拿。
tr	O	我问，并且她点了点头。
tr	O	他意识到了，但是他可以克服它。
tr	I	The next I barreled straight into her open arms , and one moment I stood alone in the middle of the meadow .
tr	O	一名军医宣布这名年轻人已死亡，并且他被正式解除了束缚装置。
tr	I	It didn 't hurt anymore , but I could feel the place where his hand had been a moment before .
tr	O	联邦调查局在这里的事实可能意味着什么，但是我将不得不等他们向我解释。
tr	I	The room is dark except for one of the bed side lights and I open the door to the bedroom .
tr	O	你可能已经猜到他是一份马里昂拥有的报告的作者，并且它确定了他所追踪的一些目标。
tr	O	她妈妈盯着凯莉的背包，并且她的担忧皱纹出现在她眉间。
tr	I	It is your forgiveness I seek , but he will judge me harshly .
tr	I	They could do nothing to prevent this senseless killing but they were devastated at the cruelty of this man .
tr	O	门开了，并且我看到一个男人坐在桌子旁。
tr	I	A smile tugged at my lips , and I stood there .
tr	I	Both girls turned to him , and Ayako winked .
tr	O	他的下巴绷紧了，并且他把目光移开了。
tr	I	By the size of the crowd , she had been and she didn 't like to be the center of attention .
tr	I	Parker was off in a flash , and James pointed in the direction we had come from .
tr	I	Woods didn 't go forward with it , but it was meant for expansion after Woods 's father passed away .
tr	I	The water probably liked it and the girl walked on water .
tr	I	Thomas answered anyway , but Max seemed to address the question to the heavens more than Thomas .
tr	I	I killed him ... and he 's dead .
tr	I	He 'd have to answer to me , or hopefully Joel would keep treating her right .
tr	O	伊丽莎白在床上，但是她没有睡着。
tr	I	I claimed her in that kiss and she opened her mouth to mine .
tr	I	They were whisked back into town and finally the bus arrived .
tr	I	Now I 'm obsessed with it , and I have never paid attention to any of this before .
tr	O	我必须承认，当我梳理我的马时我哭了，哭泣着本可能发生的一切，但是那是愚蠢的，不可能的。
tr	O	她曾让罗伯·沃克去找他自己的身体，但是那带有利他主义的意味。
tr	O	红灯亮了，并且我们毫无理由地停在了拐角处。
tr	I	He wasn 't taking any chances , but she hadn 't said she wanted it to be his .
tr	O	瑞秋看着我寻求确认，但是我摇了摇头。
tr	I	His eyes were filling again but Herbie kept control of his face .
tr	I	I could hardly hear her spoken words for the thoughts that were shouting from her head , and now her eyes blazed .
tr	O	那意味着她自己可能会掉进去，但是她觉得她必须冒险。
tr	I	She wanted no part of that and she had seen what her mother endured as a leader .
tr	O	我以前从未有过姐妹，并且现在没有必要改变这一点。
tr	O	他几分钟前刚说过那些话，并且现在她正在接受她的第一次考验。
tr	O	谈话开始了，并且房间陷入了一片低声的喧哗。
tr	I	It wasn 't empty either , but the place wasn 't packed .
tr	I	I inhale , feeling calm for the first time all evening and his scent curls around me like a blanket .
tr	I	Staring at someone long enough to capture her likeness amplifies that , and Art is already an intimate thing .
tr	I	His player didn 't dock with the contraption they used in the hangar but Alec tried to explain to me that he preferred country music .
tr	O	她离开了办公室，并且他手忙脚乱地跟上。
tr	I	His face gave away nothing else , yet Rabbi Raphael got a twinkle in his eyes .
tr	I	At other times it was her father , and sometimes her mother was the one holding the knife .
tr	O	桌边的所有男人都在微笑，而且连斐济看起来也觉得好笑。
tr	O	他一开始就知道自己报名参加的是什么，并且他不介意。
tr	O	我张开嘴，并且他打断了我。
tr	O	他早就有所怀疑，但是现在事实的真相猛烈地冲击着他。
tr	I	Instead he felt excitement , and his normal lethargy retreated .
tr	O	这工作似乎耗费了好几个小时，但是他从没有抱怨过。
tr	I	It still nagged at me , but I knew that wasn 't true .
tr	I	I again felt the warmth , the connection between us , and our eyes met .
tr	O	警卫们犹豫了，并且接着电话响了。
tr	O	我头晕了几分钟，并且当我清醒过来时，他们已经离开了。
tr	O	他向西望去，能看见夕阳西下，并且他胃里的咕噜声告诉他天色已晚。
tr	I	Bod had long ago discovered the loose wooden board in the back , but a huge padlock on the door protected the contents of the hut .
tr	I	He little noticed , for his thoughts were just as unruly but his patched cloak flapped wildly in the wind .
tr	O	伯恩斯先生的小眼睛闪着兴奋的光芒并露出得意的笑容，使得他的颧骨向外突出。
tr	I	It was muffled by his hand but I screamed at the top of my lungs .
tr	O	游泳是安全的，并且我带了野餐。
tr	I	He was growing cold , and the shock of the wreck had begun to fade .
tr	O	我笑了，并且他轻声笑了。
tr	O	商业中没人希望有主动性，因为这不仅意味着额外的工作，而且更糟糕的是，会增加层级的麻烦。
tr	I	He was beginning to recover his senses , and as she had promised , the moss had eased the pain to a dull roar .
tr	I	I remember the hot spots on his lower abdomen , and he executes a lovely wa .
tr	O	我尽可能快地后退，但是我只退了几码就撞上了一栋建筑物的正面。
tr	O	我们已经知道他们伏击了我们，但是我们以为那和狼群捕猎鹿一样。
tr	I	They 're not , but I wish I could say the chances of Mr. Patrick winning at least partial custody were slim .
tr	I	Her vision changed completely and a heads-up display came online , which linked directly to her implant .
tr	O	现在，如果你想离开，那没关系，但是至少在你做出那个决定之前，给我一些时间来提升自己。
tr	I	They planned to leave in ten minutes , and Tully was calling her right now .
tr	O	我朝那工艺品挥了一下，只是想看看是什么感觉，并且我无法形容那种感觉。
tr	O	撞击的力量比萨玛拉想象的要小，但是玻璃的破碎几乎让他陷入震惊。
tr	O	占有物即领地，并且领地受人尊重。
tr	I	Cleon had at least been smart enough to know that appealing his case would have been useless , and the board had fired him .
tr	O	这是一个艰难的决定，在反思时间放弃那些囚犯，但是我现在无法为他们做任何事。
tr	O	他猛地站起来，抓起我们的托盘，并且我挣扎着站起来，仍然感到摇摇晃晃。
tr	I	I can 't admit it , but I know there 's no future for us .
tr	I	She realized Seth had not been caught , and then Errol yelled about an intruder .
tr	I	She seemed to enjoy it , but I had no idea what .
tr	O	本坐在后面莱拉旁边，并且他们牵着手。
tr	O	即使是月光下的尘埃也静止不动地悬浮在空中，但是我能听到恶魔靠近时发出的尖叫声。
tr	O	一团糟，而且他要为此负责。
tr	I	I hated the taste , but drinking seawater wouldn 't make me ill like it would a human .
tr	O	她的眼睛猛地睁开，并且她看向塞斯空荡荡的床。
tr	O	渔网早已不见踪影，并且有人已经在草坪上涂满了涂鸦。
tr	I	It seemed as if he was having trouble focusing and his speech was slurred .
tr	O	她猜测那是他南方的教养，但是她不得不承认她喜欢它。
tr	O	她没怎么解释，并且她的朋友们答应替她向老师们打掩护。
tr	O	男人的脸变红了，并且他的眼睛因疼痛而凸出。
tr	I	That made leaving him even more difficult and she knew she cared deeply for him .
tr	I	Even so , they were too late , but it was only a few short moments till they got there .
tr	O	邓克喜欢拿那顶帽子逗那个男孩，但是就在现在他却希望自己也有一顶那样的帽子。
tr	I	The moon had disappeared , plunging the bright snow-covered riverbanks into darkness , and above him the clear sky was clouding over with heavy snow clouds .
tr	O	阿曼达知道我做了什么，并且她对我似乎没有任何不同。
tr	I	I 'm really going to enjoy driving a sports car for a change and I 've been driving the cheap Pinto for four years .
tr	O	凯恩试图引导她说话，但是他不知道该从何说起。
tr	O	我扑向敞开的电梯，但是半空中，有什么东西突然阻止了我……。
tr	I	She wiped them away and happy tears rolled down her cheeks .
tr	O	她的头因撞击向后仰去，但是我还没有完。
tr	I	When he opened his mouth nothing came out , and Gabriel 's brain stopped working for a moment .
tr	I	Many of you have been here your entire lives , but I 've been here for forty-eight hours .
tr	I	Everyone turned to watch them and finally the two brothers appeared .
tr	I	She 'd do it in the end , but Tiger was proving difficult to defeat .
tr	O	西蒙无声地屏住了呼吸，并且他的心开始狂跳。
tr	I	That might have been bad in itself , but the block only saved Payton from been launched away .
tr	I	He left them twitching in the dirt and two more soldiers fell beneath his blade .
tr	I	Once again the tears came up in his eyes and he looked at me .
tr	I	His skin had turned an ashy tone , and the glassy stare continued to observe the ceiling .
tr	I	Edward can 't be handed to any man , but I can hand someone my guns .
tr	I	More likely it was his armor , but it could have been his eyes .
tr	O	他和她在一起感到无比自在，并且当他想到她可能遭遇不测时，他的脑海一片空白，充满狂怒。
tr	I	My parents died last year so there are no responsibilities keeping me here and I am an only child .
tr	O	他是第一个，并且他会是最后一个。
tr	I	No in-laws piled in for a week and Candi asked , dreaming now of beaches .
tr	I	The sleeves rolled up to his elbows and he had the top two buttons unbuttoned .
tr	I	He sighed softly as he pulled me tighter to him and I could also feel his heartbeat increase .
tr	O	我有种感觉，总统认为紧急频道是不可攻破的，并且今晚会有人因此丧命，因为频道被攻破了。
tr	O	我们陷入沉默，并且我思考着在遇见她的那个非常黑暗的时期，我的生活是怎样的。
tr	O	玻璃震动了，但是它没有碎。
tr	O	她一定快到了，但是她的肿胀的臀部被卡住了。
tr	I	I nearly ran smack dab into Brodie 's chest , and I opened the door to escape the workout room .
tr	I	The fingers were not going to budge , but she yanked harder , causing the whole body to jerk .
tr	O	玛丽安感受到了他的审视，并且这让她慌乱起来。
tr	I	Looking down the coastline at them , I could see they were agitated , but normally they would be out at sea , like the fishermen .
tr	I	It was going to take more than that to get him to come around , but he nodded once , accepting her words .
tr	O	我扒拉着那堆东西，寻找着，并且接着我看到了那半掩在附近草丛中的长发。
tr	I	I could tell that there was no dissuading him from his doubts , and his face took on a very grim expression as he shook his head .
tr	I	I wrinkled my nose , and the slight pressure burned .
tr	I	It 's a chance I had to take , but I was worried they would feel betrayed by the both of us .
tr	O	她抱起了伊玛，并且他们走向浴室。
tr	O	他的手灰蒙蒙的，有些地方裂开了，并且我非常希望他消失。
tr	I	A rock path existed a short distance away , and branches of a tree hung overhead .
tr	I	She stalked toward a giant , muscled man with yellow scales instead of skin and it was night .
tr	I	It 's enough for the short term but he 's not rich by any means .
tr	I	The linen ruffles gave the jacket an elegant renaissance look , and the embroidery on the back was too cute for words .
tr	I	They were confined to barracks and the departure was delayed for a month .
tr	O	雅各布的身材确实更好，但是史蒂夫有刀。
tr	I	The whole time , he didn 't feel right ... but I can 't explain it .
tr	I	They didn 't expect him to , and he never told them the complete truth .
tr	O	即使是韦斯也不会容忍此事，而且韦斯甚至不喜欢杀蜘蛛。
tr	O	他的手臂微微弯曲在身体两侧，并且双腿微微分开。
tr	I	A few moments later , she heard the sound of the suite 's main door closing , and she stood there , in the darkness .
tr	I	The rain gutter hanging askew , and she noticed the crooked light fixture on the left side of the garage .
tr	O	Demos卸下了他的货物，并且几小时内他们又回到了公海。
tr	I	Clara finished , leaving half of her plate , and he started eating .
tr	O	她把胳膊搭在他身上，并且他们继续走向学校。
tr	I	She 'd felt things in that dream that just didn 't seem right and he 'd featured so prominently !
tr	I	I begin to internally panic and I realize what 's about to happen .
tr	I	She had no intention of dealing with him , but she knew the man was waiting for her .
tr	O	比赛继续进行，并且塞巴斯蒂安逐渐增加了他的筹码。
tr	I	Tonight things seemed darker , but normally , there was plenty of light on the walkway .
tr	I	I accepted it with a smile , and the compliment was about the extent of Robert 's vocabulary .
tr	O	现在是周六上午，并且时间是上午9点45分。
tr	O	欲望燃成了情欲，并且她感觉到它的火焰从身体中心散发出来。
tr	I	It was obvious he was trying so hard for her benefit , and he was just too funny .
tr	I	She jumped , swinging her eyes to him and he 'd startled her .
tr	I	Danny sang how the public should check them out in the music shop and chords changed .
tr	O	那是年度最保守的说法，但是他在努力不让她比必需的更生气。
tr	I	We shared a private chuckle at the strangeness of all this , and he looked at me with playful , sexy eyes .
tr	O	所有的道路都封闭了，所以我无法带她去医院。
tr	I	It was the safest place for her , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	That 's gon na cause a lot of trouble , master , and I GAVE THEM WHAT THEY WANTED IN THE STORE ... ' Yeah .
tr	O	伊莎贝尔拿了一个侧面有海狸的，并且我拿了一个上面有银行名字的。
tr	O	他会受到训斥，并且至少，也许一个对我没有恶意怨恨的人会被指派处理我的案子。
tr	I	I am paralyzed by what that means for me , but I need to force myself to action .
tr	O	阿琳问了，并且我环顾了四周。
tr	I	My arms just as a shot rang out , for a split second I was certain she was shooting at me , and I stopped waved .
tr	I	You may descend , or you may stay .
tr	I	No one had ever locked him away like an animal because of it , and people didn 't judge him based on genetics he couldn 't help .
tr	I	That was also pure politics , and you had to get your lab funded from outside sources .
tr	I	Most were giant bipedal wolves , but some were in human form .
tr	O	布鲁笑了，但是那男人没有。
tr	I	He still had no idea what she wanted from him , but she may not be a hooker .
tr	I	The barrier was soon a steel wall , and the appearance of the blade in his hand strengthened his resolve further .
tr	I	A hot meal was being provided to everybody and they had the gas in the kitchen going .
tr	I	She still hadn 't continued , but they waited for several minutes .
tr	I	With a sharp elbow he pushed me to the side , but I did everything in my power to restrain my father .
tr	I	Invariably , they were empty , yet I began to tear open all the drawers I could find .
tr	O	她的腿从被子底下伸了出来，并且她伸了个懒腰。
tr	I	A sound escaped him , and he lowered his head .
tr	O	贝内特挽救了这笔交易，并且他们下了订单。
tr	O	那是一场几十人举着标语的抗议活动，但是其中两名男子正在踢法拉利的车身。
tr	O	肖恩看着她，仿佛在试图决定该怎么做，并且他蓝色的眼睛里充满了她无法解读的情绪。
tr	O	这根本不可能，但是不知怎么地，我设法听到一个声音从水中传来。
tr	I	She says it and she senses the right thing for each person to hear .
tr	O	我假设他戴着某种窃听器，并且他可能想谈论那批黄金。
tr	I	He smothered that feeling but the cynic in him started to take over .
tr	I	She dreamed of a faceless man with black wings sprouting from his back like a bat 's , and then they were gone .
tr	O	瑞秋跳上了他的福特皮卡车前座，并且他便开车驶向了电影院。
tr	O	他合上箱子，并且尼克和他一起离开了。
tr	O	这不完全是我所预料的，并且我也不明白那一切意味着什么。
tr	O	他隐约觉得她知道，但是他没有勇气提起这个话题。
tr	I	I 've a world of experience , but I may be young .
tr	I	I hope we can get the poison analyzed , and the darts are in my safe .
tr	I	I got him better , but he got me good .
tr	O	她正凝视着他的眼睛，并且笑容从她的脸上消失了。
tr	I	She glared at him suspiciously , and that brought Pippa up short .
tr	I	She left that part out , but actually , they didn 't come by on other days , either .
tr	O	格兰特对安德鲁的诚实并不领情，并且从那时起他们的关系一直很紧张。
tr	O	娜雅想留下来，但是萨莎只想睡觉。
tr	I	Now it seemed deeper , somehow , but there had always been a sense of purpose to her .
tr	O	某种深藏于我内心的东西在变化，并且那不是好的那种搅动。
tr	O	远处她的身影，在那险恶建筑的背景下，在他内心深处激起了某种情感，并且他不得不开口说话。
tr	I	Once Thayer 's moved , our chances of freeing him anytime soon get very slim , but our man inside doesn 't know why .
tr	O	一瞬间她的心脏在胸口剧烈疼痛地跳动，并且她随后放松下来，甜蜜地对着吸血鬼微笑。
tr	O	也许此刻它们是心身疾病，但是她仍然能感觉到它们在那里。
tr	O	一切都是如此，并且一切都将如此，除非我摆脱她。
tr	O	她偶尔会给我打电话，但是我根本没有见过她。
tr	I	It 's obvious that Minna is playing a different game than what any of us expected of her , but I don 't know what just happened .
tr	I	Hank had other plans , but the fight should 've been over .
tr	O	一切都始于迈克，并且他们不会停止，直到他们找回数据。
tr	I	No one knows who you are , but you 've written some articles that are unfavorable to me .
tr	O	他们的目光相遇，并且她笑了。
tr	O	当她要出门时，我问她是否需要搭便车，但是她说她想走路。
tr	I	I headed home and we shook hands .
tr	O	冰龙看起来比她以往见过的任何时候都小，并且她明白了夏季的炎热对它造成了什么影响。
tr	I	I followed her outside and she picked it up .
tr	O	梅丽莎挺直了肩膀，在车里紧张讨论后仍然不理我，但是她的脸上写满了疑问。
tr	O	我们在如此寒冷的空气中快速移动，都气喘吁吁，但是能够完成一些事情感觉很好。
tr	O	她想象着她的父母会多么骄傲，而且突然间，她认为如此重要的一切琐碎事情都变得不重要了。
tr	I	She hasn 't noticed , but I turn to Zuzana .
tr	I	Then headed out to the truck for the long drive back and they paid the bill , leaving the waitress a very generous tip .
tr	O	我开始抗议，但是她不在乎。
tr	O	我的表兄有一些非常糟糕的说唱音乐，他让我哥哥和我听了。
tr	O	我知道詹姆斯没有碰我，但是我满脑子想的都是他的手在我身上。
tr	O	仿生耳有点笨拙，但是我无意与我们的“兄弟”们靠得太近。
tr	I	I 've been looking for SO LONG , and you are everything I 'm looking for in a woman !
tr	O	他把我抱了起来，并且我把双腿环绕在他的腰上。
tr	I	I couldn 't find where to say yes from , but the car , a warm shell of light , seemed heaven .
tr	I	There was no way I was going to be able to fall back asleep , and add in the noisy birds .
tr	O	艰难困苦很大，但是与寂静相比，这算不了什么。
tr	O	我的手指收紧了手中的笔，并且我眨了眨眼，确信我听错了。
tr	O	电梯停了，并且门开了。
tr	O	他要求她对他坦诚那天晚上他从矿井里救了她的事，但是她做不到。
tr	O	他有一个整个宗族要照顾，每天都有新的伤员进来，而且我们周围战火纷飞。
tr	O	他身高不到六英尺，并且很明显他有做负重训练。
tr	O	我把脸埋在他的枕头里，弄乱了深蓝色的丝绸，但是他似乎并不介意。
tr	I	The gargoyle that now held the troll didn 't look in any mood to hear her pleas , but she was alive for the moment .
tr	O	我不完全确定他们的具体职责，但是我想他们是来帮助你狩猎的。
tr	I	They were immovable , but she pushed against his shoulders .
tr	I	He had no claim to it and even if the money was a gift we hadn 't expected , it was our gift .
tr	O	这种颜色来自气体，并且每根尖刺都对它有不同的反应。
tr	I	I 'm not sure what crazy plans they might have and I don 't trust them as we enter the dense part of the forest .
tr	O	这将是几乎不可能的，但是他不能出错。
tr	I	A drop was better than nothing , but it was a drop in the bucket toward satisfying the landlord .
tr	O	布里突然抓住我的手肘，并且我吓了一跳，猛地往后退。
tr	O	我现在退休了，并且我的视力正在衰退。
tr	I	Automatically my eyes went half mast and I felt a rush of heat between my legs .
tr	I	I guess we owe her that , and if it 's possible , I think that would keep Kirsty smiling .
tr	O	她穿着我的衬衫，并且我喜欢她这样。
tr	I	The nice thing was I knew Aaron definitely wouldn 't be there , but I wasn 't into music enough to know much about that scene .
tr	I	Much to everyone 's dismay she folded straight out of room , which set the alarms shrieking , and she lifted her arm .
tr	O	我会被禁赛并且伤害我的队友，为了我没做过的事情。
tr	I	She needed to be close to him so she could hear him if he awoke , and she needed to sleep .
tr	I	It quickly vanished when he saw her expression , but when Blake came around the corner , he had a smile on his face .
tr	I	She screamed and the woman 's eyes shot open .
tr	O	我想那并不能让我成为一个好人，但是我不 N 在乎。
tr	O	火车到达了终点站，并且他走向了那栋建筑。
tr	O	一阵微风吹动了书页，并且她翻到了她研究最多的那一页，著名的好莱坞标志。
tr	I	I 'd missed partaking of both recently , and the dark rapture of his bite was second only to making love to him .
tr	I	The blow glanced off his chin , and Sam leaned to the side .
tr	O	他知道他不应该碰任何东西，但是他戴着手套。
tr	O	雾气延误了起飞，并且我为此改变主意了很多次。
tr	I	He definitely didn 't want to do that and she 'd make him return everything .
tr	O	纳森没有再说一句话，并且我拒绝提问，生怕听到答案。
tr	O	我真的很喜欢她，但是她话很多。
tr	I	My best friend is an expert , but I 'm not good when it comes to fashion .
tr	O	他们伤害了我的小妹妹，并且我厌倦了看到她受伤。
tr	I	This time I actually made contact and I tried again .
tr	O	我们转到包厘街之前，至少走了五十个街区，并且我也数不清我们经过了多少条街。
tr	I	The old woman 's magnifying glasses were masking her expressions , but she was waiting for any reaction from the old woman .
tr	I	One of the chain links had been cleanly broken with a bolt cutter , but the lock was fine .
tr	I	Their lips met in a volatile fury , and she wrapped her other leg around him .
tr	I	It 's hidden , masked by my own racing one but maybe a pulse does exist .
tr	O	她的眼下有阴影，并且她的脸颊看起来凹陷、消瘦。
tr	O	我无法理解她的想法，并且这快把我逼疯了。
tr	I	He frowned and my voice broke .
tr	I	The men approached us and he pointed toward Jane .
tr	I	She knew someone was there , but she couldn 't see anyone .
tr	I	I couldn 't keep my eyes open and my head lulled to one side .
tr	I	I pressed it , and underneath the photo was a button headed ' more info ' .
tr	O	詹姆斯发出了咔嗒声，并且恶魔开始行走了。
tr	I	A good club crawl was just what I needed but we didn 't do it often .
tr	I	I held hope that Kiran Kendrick would change things for the better , but his father might be a bad guy .
tr	I	He had absolutely no reason to call her back and he knew who 'd just tried to reach him .
tr	O	肯南正在快速康复，并且我知道医生们一定在他身上使用了一些他们特殊的治疗巫术。
tr	I	We were in terrible shape and unfortunately we had all gotten food poisoning the night before .
tr	I	It didn 't detract from the beauty of her pale skin , yet the underwear was unattractive .
tr	O	见到她让我的狼性产生了反应，并且他差点变身，在我把他压制下去之前。
tr	O	她不想考虑那种污泥是由什么组成的，但是刺鼻的臭味是一个压倒性的线索。
tr	O	瑞茜挥了挥手，心情愉快地离开了，并且艾利克斯祝他比赛顺利。
tr	O	我知道我永远不会得到答案，但是我对此感到释然。
tr	O	他踢了几次门，但是门没有被踢开。
tr	O	他们正在电梯里，这时他胃里又传来一声咕噜，并且一阵痉挛让他弓起了身子，跪倒在地。
tr	O	直到那时我才重新打量了一下房间，并且我意识到我是在尼克的房子里。
tr	O	烟花在我血管里爆裂，并且我因那强烈的感觉而惊呼。
tr	I	They were in darkness , and he thumbed the curtain closed .
tr	I	The fencing master had the final word , but the younger ones had protested hotly when refused .
tr	O	这似乎是一场小小的胜利，但是我接受了我所能得到的一切。
tr	I	The stars sparkled , but it was pitch black outside .
tr	I	I follow , stumbling over my own feet as the world sways from my dizziness and when the ticket guy opens the door , Kayden hops out .
tr	I	It would drive him crazy , or he 'd have to fix me .
tr	I	We do know more about the enemy than ever before , but we don 't know exactly what we 'll be facing .
tr	O	每一段记忆都在我脑海中清晰如昨，仿佛发生在五分钟前，并且我心存感激。
tr	I	The man left , and Sage thanked him .
tr	O	假期已到，并且我正在考虑开车对俄勒冈进行一次长时间的旅行。
tr	I	I lost my nerve , and it went directly to voicemail .
tr	O	那一刻，其他一切都不重要，除了去找到她。
tr	I	The man didn 't even turn , and Sam passed him not a foot away .
tr	O	最终，她可能会接纳他，但是罗里并不是他见过的最容易信任的女人。
tr	I	It was his least favorite place to go with his father , and Jared had spent endless hours at Titan Mercantile as a child .
tr	I	I 'm supposed to study , and he brings that horrible priest over every week .
tr	I	A substantial portion of her breasts spilled out over the neckline as well , but not just her ankles were exposed .
tr	I	Blue veins like ripe cheese stood out on his forehead , and the man 's greasy hair was brushed back from his head .
tr	I	My mom came running in that she had stopped crying and I didn 't notice until Allison was on the couch .
tr	O	我早些时候试图告诉你，但是你坚持认为那是一个梦，所以我只好让你亲眼看看。
tr	I	It also piqued her interest , and this seemed to resolve Marcia 's confusion .
tr	O	达芙妮把她的怒视转向我，但是我立刻瞪了回去。
tr	I	I tried to think of a reason why he would keep secrets , and something he didn 't want to tell me .
tr	I	Some of them were smarter than me when it came to computer security , and there were way too many crazy people out there .
tr	I	The incoming current was too strong but I started to swim toward him .
tr	I	I couldn 't hold back a groan , and her hips shifted against me .
tr	O	几分钟后我的门开了，并且本尼走了进来，穿着全套初级执法者制服。
tr	O	她的玫瑰木日毕业典礼在一小时后，但是学校似乎不让她参加。
tr	I	Men had been burned for werewolves before , but it was uncommon .
tr	I	His look seemed to oppose his reassurance , but I may not have been a lie detector .
tr	O	好好为我服务，并且你们都会获得自由。
tr	O	阿尔伯特曾试图解释，但是一个记忆还是展开了。
tr	O	狼人只能有一个伴侣，并且那不能是任何人。
tr	I	With her , you could never tell , but I didn 't see any noticeable marks .
tr	I	He grabbed my hands , and Jakob 's tone changed .
tr	I	Eli smiled and she laughed .
tr	O	我破碎了，毁灭了，而且尽管他尝试了，埃利奥特也无法将我重新拼凑起来。
tr	O	我问了，而且他点了点头。
tr	O	你会像以前一样运作，并且你绝不会对鲜血产生任何欲望。
tr	O	我本可以为他放弃全世界，而且他甚至无法提高声音反对他家人的非理性决定。
tr	O	即使顶着一头乱发，他也帅得令人难以置信，而且他爱她。
tr	I	She jumped in alarm , and the phone rang again .
tr	I	We could make do here , but I felt more like a squatter than an honest renter .
tr	O	毕竟，那是我的项链，而且它就在我的钱包里。
tr	I	The mood turned darker still , and they stared up at me in my man 's clothing , a rifle in one hand .
tr	O	她喘息了，而且我笑了。
tr	I	His green eyes were still the same , but he had changed quite a bit .
tr	I	He couldn 't walk forward , but Brock was big enough that he was able to stay up .
tr	O	闪电照亮了大厅，并且楼上的一个男人喊了些什么。
tr	I	Now it 's just annoying , but it was cool at first .
tr	I	Graeme led Eveline to the raised high table and tavis made a nodding motion with his head .
tr	I	London is out of its preferred hunting ground , but I 'd say this was a Nag .
tr	O	这个国家就像一个全是孩子的王国，而且我们成年人太少，无法让他们服从。
tr	I	He was a billionaire , but all of that sounded terrible .
tr	I	I should have been cold and it was late early fall .
tr	I	He said YES and I told him I wanted to have a picnic down by the dunes this weekend !
tr	I	They are -- but it hurts that my true memories of her are so much faded .
tr	I	A fire sprang to life in the hearth , and he made a gesture with his hand .
tr	I	Panic lit up inside Thomas , and the sounds of destruction behind them faded as they ran down this new path .
tr	O	我停在那里，但是他只是等着。
tr	O	我试图听他们说话，但是我所能听到的只是背景噪音。
tr	O	汤姆看见那只手发出红光，并且然后他感觉全身都在燃烧。
tr	I	He could not make a connection , but somehow her voice sounded uncomfortably familiar .
tr	O	撒谎会毁掉我们所拥有的一切，而且我不想那么做，尽管我知道你会感到被背叛。
tr	O	这很奇怪，而且那可能是和他交谈让她变得如此不安的部分原因。
tr	O	她从来都不是一个身材魁梧的女人，但是现在她看起来很憔悴，几乎快要消失在病床上。
tr	O	他向我父母提亲，并且他们拒绝了。
tr	O	我对他的武断选择挑了挑眉，但是我也就那样穿上了它们，没有抗议。
tr	I	He snarled , and Eric 's hand sprouted claws .
tr	I	She 'd revealed the whole sordid tale , grateful to have the secret out in the open and he 'd gone to visit her loaded with questions .
tr	I	His hand was steady as he began to cut the thread away but Bishop approached with the care someone would take with a wounded dog .
tr	I	Her hair is pulled back and she has a tank top on .
tr	O	伊芙回到了书房，并且突然所有人的目光都集中在她身上。
tr	I	It was my own , but it was a humble plan .
tr	I	I saw the faintest shimmer in his eyes , and his lips pursed to hold his jaw tight .
tr	O	那个男人的喉结颤抖了，并且他拉扯着手帕。
tr	I	His tone suggested there was more he wasn 't saying , and the eagerness she usually heard in his voice was gone .
tr	I	The bullet was deflected into the wall and the Tidal Wave pulsed from my body as the gun fired .
tr	O	阳光出现了，但是树的阴影仍旧占据了主导。
tr	O	昨晚在我头脑清醒并且再次能够正常思考之后，我几次试图报警。
tr	O	他们的靴子靠近了我藏身的地方，但是幸好他们没有看到我。
tr	I	Dr. Steve knew that I might have been the one seriously wounded on that hillside , but he was the one who 'd been shot .
tr	I	You were right , and yes , you did say that .
tr	I	Her legs were as skinny as twigs , and she was barefoot .
tr	I	I could feel myself blushing and he laughed again .
tr	I	The sooner Josie took control the better and Hannah wasn 't going to give an inch .
tr	I	She didn 't like carrying bags in her hands , and it won 't fit into the purse .
tr	O	她快速环顾四周，想看看是否有人注意到，但是甚至没有人朝他们那个方向看。
tr	I	You can make a pretty good incendiary device with it , but I 'm not a big fan of nail polish myself .
tr	I	Then for the merest instant it was like an erupting volcano , and there had been no hint of his abilities until he unleashed .
tr	O	我理解这些人大部分时间都可能很忙，但是只睡三十分钟就想运转起来？
tr	I	She wouldn 't do it , but he probably wanted her to bail him out .
tr	I	I knew what it meant , and I felt a stirring inside me , a stirring around me .
tr	O	这似乎几乎不可思议，并且这一切都将是因为乔什。
tr	I	We knew them all and there were many funny parts in the story .
tr	O	他的心跳漏了一拍，并且他试了试浴室的门。
tr	O	当我看到一大群天使争着逃离广场时，我向人群中扔了另一个火球，并且再次，特里斯坦阻止了它。
tr	O	我向他介绍了我的近况以及我那天的经历。
tr	I	Her tongue refused to release the words , but Iseo tried to answer .
tr	I	His legs felt like lead weights and his eyes were heavy .
tr	I	Her eyes wanted to close and her head started to swirl .
tr	I	Alexa spends her life being dragged from one dusty dig to another , and her parents are archaeologists .
tr	I	It still meant nothing to Norman , but the image was sharper at the edges .
tr	I	This time I saw everything through Quinn 's eyes , but I 'd been there many times before .
tr	I	He let Jules lead him away , but Jack didn 't take his eyes off of Cole .
tr	O	爱达荷州州长已任命自己进入参议院，并且该机构已投票让他进入内阁。
tr	O	反正也该是我退位的时候了，但是我厌恶透了这一切。
tr	O	亨利瞥了一眼照片，并且痛苦掠过他的脸庞。
tr	I	There was no one in , but he forced the back door .
tr	I	His money from his grandmother was just sitting around , and he was buying me things because it made him happy .
tr	O	艾薇的育儿室的门半开着，并且他走了进去。
tr	I	By now the sky seemed far too low , and the cold made her shake .
tr	I	We follow and the senator walks into his house .
tr	O	另一位空姐走了过去，并且杰克斯拦住了她。
tr	I	I snatched out to grab onto my Dad 's hand before he walked away and I just stared blindly in front of me .
tr	I	I rub my hands over my arms quickly to smooth them down and goosebumps cover my skin .
tr	O	他真的很关心我，并且我害死了他。
tr	O	他走对了路，并且这里就是赫阿村。
tr	I	I jump , and the stone back of the throne chair moves .
tr	O	她衬衫最上面的扣子不见了，取而代之的是一些油污，并且她的裙子上有一个破洞。
tr	I	She caught a glimpse of his eyes and his glasses fell down on his nose .
tr	I	She dropped the straw , watching it slow , and one , two ... three turns .
tr	I	Her feet moved faster but she didn 't reply .
tr	O	过去的几个小时相当富有成效，并且他们四人把他们的输入内容张贴在白板上。
tr	O	他说的是实话，但是听到他如此严厉，我心里很难受。
tr	I	She felt frozen inside and Jonas looked at her as if he would see through her .
tr	I	She couldn 't tell him that , but she 'd also had to quit .
tr	O	闹钟响了，并且我冲进了浴室。
tr	O	当他们走近房子的后门时，门开了，并且一个面带微笑的盖尔走了出来。
tr	O	那里确实可能有很多出色的设计师，但是他们没有找到他们。
tr	I	She shook so hard she could not hold the pen steady , but he guided her back to her writing desk .
tr	I	I didn 't want the noise , but I could have shot him in the back .
tr	O	他倒在我身上，并且我抱住了他。
tr	I	Holiday thought it was a first step but it wasn 't a guarantee Kylie could control it .
tr	I	For some strange reason Pagan liked her but Gee wasn 't the most likable being I 'd ever met .
tr	O	我坐下，并且她取下我的安全带，然后帮我脱下夹克。
tr	O	他走出了门，并且康斯坦察送了他一程，这样她就能单独和他说说话。
tr	I	All that means is I 'm better , but I may be old .
tr	O	那是一段艰难的时期，但是蒂米活了下来。
tr	O	约翰坐了下来，并且当马克递给他一些三明治时，他毫不迟疑地接受了一个，突然间饥饿难耐。
tr	O	那个孩子的眼睛睁大了，并且我能看到他的手在颤抖。
tr	I	She took his , and ignoring her embarrassment , he held out his hand .
tr	O	她将一根手指戳进我的胸骨，并且我将其拍开。
tr	O	他超重，并且他的肤色太过苍白，无法胜任，尤其是在洛杉矶的夏天。
tr	I	My brain started throbbing and I reread the entry again .
tr	O	我知道她顶多是对我漠不关心，但是我很高兴能有她在我的团队里。
tr	O	他们所有人都通过环顾工地注意到了这个奇怪的时刻，但是琼把他们俩都拉了回来。
tr	I	It goes up , and you press the button for down .
tr	I	Her legs ached and her lungs burned .
tr	I	The world goes fuzzy and I shiver .
tr	I	Henri pointed at a small structure , and the moonlight reflected off the water .
tr	O	我非常不情愿放弃它，但是我遇到了一点坏运气。
tr	I	They only had one knife , and Bryson had lost his backpack .
tr	I	She froze , and he started .
tr	I	We were the ones who were wrong , but we were going to prove them wrong .
tr	O	我考虑过沿着秘密通道跑回去，但是我没想到我的腿会不太管用。
tr	O	我确信它还在那里，但是我感觉麻木得很舒服。
tr	O	她感觉自己像从梦中醒来，但是她知道自己并没有睡着。
tr	O	杰克无论如何都知道，并且她觉得自己有必要说服特德·德金她是一个合适的租户。
tr	I	All the lights in the house were off but I couldn 't see his room from the back .
tr	I	She was fed up with it and Sara saw where this was going .
tr	I	He 's sitting with his knee an inch from mine , but I don 't want to acknowledge his presence .
tr	O	他笑了，但是即使那样也只是对旧时光的一种拙劣模仿。
tr	I	He 'd hired them in good faith , but they were monsters , no doubt .
tr	I	We have to act and there is no time .
tr	I	My throat was too dry but I tried to speak .
tr	I	Life must go on but Lorcan will miss him .
tr	O	薇的反抗语气消失了，并且她也回以我一个微笑。
tr	I	He was fiddling with his BlackBerry , but Emma sneaked a peek at Travis .
tr	I	I could read his expression , and he was looking at me .
tr	I	Jessica said no thanks , and Rick offered them a plastic cup of beer each .
tr	I	He had to jot down the location of her new job , and she spoke way too fast .
tr	O	船只可能会向西行驶，但是它们永远不会回家。
tr	I	The others didn 't scatter , but more than one woman went flying .
tr	O	他刚刚像个疯子一样逃离了一只愚蠢的乌鸦，并且他仍然让他的神经占了上风。
tr	O	他们约会了一段时间，但是那从来没有那么认真。
tr	I	I grab her sleeve , and she starts across the street .
tr	I	I swear it takes hours when really it 's probably only seconds and I hold my breath as I wait for the answer .
tr	O	他听了她的话，并且她也欠他同样的。
tr	O	寒冷的结收紧了，并且感觉有人把绳子套在了我的胸口。
tr	I	If everyone in Fel 's Church died , it would be her fault , and the minutes were ticking away .
tr	I	It took us two hours just to hang them and it takes hours to sew .
tr	I	They were quick and they were far gentler than she would have supposed rough men to be .
tr	I	He didn 't want to lose her and Mia could keep something secret .
tr	I	Julie began to pet him , and after a moment he whined .
tr	I	I could picture the smile on his mouth , but I couldn 't see his face , though , since I was pressed against his chest .
tr	O	她对她的母亲很负责，但是有了这笔钱，她就不必担心她母亲的照护了。
tr	I	She felt her nipples harden and they roamed over her shirt .
tr	O	这看起来会太可疑了，并且毫无疑问，每个人都会知道那从一开始就是个骗局。
tr	O	她试图撑起身体站起来，但是她的四肢却不听使唤。
tr	O	所有的紧张都消失了，并且我们又成了老朋友。
tr	O	我试图让它们动起来，但是什么也没发生。
tr	O	我不想显得像个白吃白喝的人，并且我也不想破坏这些人对我的信任。
tr	I	As usual , I failed , but I fidgeted in my seat trying to beat down my curious nature .
tr	I	He couldn 't be that selfish , but he 'd rather keep all of the strength Andra had given him to himself .
tr	O	她闻到了血腥味，并且她的身体极度虚弱，需要营养。
tr	I	His eyes opened and a shudder rolled through Roth 's body .
tr	O	他大概可以开始了，但是再等几分钟会更安全。
tr	I	Hopes will be broken and there will be emptiness .
tr	I	The night grows richer with each step , and we 've been walking for a while .
tr	I	I 'm not sure they 'll play in college but they are good players .
tr	I	We were taken prisoner yesterday , forced to relay false information , and Alpha base was attacked .
tr	O	他把平板电脑转向我，并且合同出现在屏幕上。
tr	I	He completely hid it from me , same with mom , and my father knew so much about the Soul Reaper world .
tr	O	凯把他推开，并且他一动不动地站着。
tr	O	我知道洛根想问我吻他时看到了什么，但是我确定我应该告诉他什么。
tr	I	No one believed what they claimed to have seen , but there were some witnesses to the acts of vandalism .
tr	I	The shadows below the hill kept her hidden and she held her breath , hoping the sun 's glare .
tr	I	Robert opened it and Amanda handed it to him .
tr	O	最终他把手张开了一点，足以放出一张揉皱的纸，并且我们都好奇地围过来想看看那是什么。
tr	O	赞恩又一次地撞了他一下侧面，并且泰极力忍住没有回戳他。
tr	I	Theo was certain that it wasn 't a standard percussion instrument , but the sound was familiar .
tr	I	I shifted my weight to be more comfortable and my hurt leg suddenly gave a painful twinge .
tr	O	他的手仍然搭在威尔的肩膀上，但是他正看着她，眼睛睁得大大的。
tr	I	The driver did not slow , but it was impossible to know where they were going .
tr	I	One should go and one of us should stay .
tr	I	She knew it would never fully go away , but the guilt gradually lessened after the first week .
tr	O	我环顾救护车，但是我没看到凯尔。
tr	I	She didn 't understand why and something made Sam shiver .
tr	I	He knew of nothing else to try , but it felt like a bad move at first , similar to a boxer leaning into an uppercut .
tr	I	My mind overrode the impulse , but my hips wanted to thrust .
tr	O	他有一头短短的铂金色头发，并且他的脸上带着一丝随时可能消失的虚弱笑容。
tr	I	I wondered how long I had been standing there and when I opened my eyes , the streets seemed a little more vacant than before .
tr	I	The kitchen relaxes , and Andy flips on the radio to a station that plays classics from the fifties .
tr	O	我不该说它，但是它已经说出口了。
tr	I	He was going to die , but it didn 't hurt .
tr	O	她试图告诉自己，这里就是原计划让罗斯玛丽·戴维斯待的地方，但是这无助于平复她的心跳。
tr	O	每个人都能看到里面，但是它却是无法穿透的。
tr	O	嗯，你反正什么都不知道，但是我可确确实实知道。
tr	O	格蕾丝掀起眼罩的边缘，并且向上偷看她头顶的玻璃。
tr	O	马车消失在夜色中，并且连声音都渐渐消失了。
tr	I	He couldn 't stay , yet he was home .
tr	I	Somehow she doubted it , but perhaps she still had enough of her power so she could conjure the image of the beast .
tr	O	一股甜美的欲望在她腹部蔓延，并且当她向下看时，她的乳头已经挺立起来了。
tr	I	I knew he 'd rather see something else and it was one he 'd seen plenty of times .
tr	O	我摇晃着她，再次问她是谁，并且她不肯回答。
tr	O	警察拉着绳子，并且飞机移向岸边。
tr	I	She wondered if he noticed the way their bodies were pressed together , and her hands inadvertently slid from his h * ps to his stomach .
tr	O	周围有其他车辆，但是一切都很安静。
tr	I	Instead it pulled Jill right to him , by the neck , and the chain didn 't break .
tr	I	It could mean bigger trouble in the interim , but it 'll cause trouble down the road .
tr	I	She was savvy enough not to ask why that information disturbed me , but Cassandra did .
tr	I	His gaze skimmed down her body , and one golden brow lifted in disbelief .
tr	O	声音再次轰鸣，并且康纳的图片在巨幕上闪现。
tr	O	从智力上讲，他们可能不信任他，但是从本能上讲，他们信任他。
tr	I	Dumping him , or either that .
tr	O	我的纤细双腿可能会感到疲倦，但是这项锻炼对我很有好处。
tr	I	A strangled sound of pleasure gets trapped in my throat , and my body seizes with the touch of her heated skin .
tr	I	He was still my brother , but I 'd never liked him .
tr	I	Ryker Slade 's unmistakable fingerprint was on this death , but Kieran was not only lost to them .
tr	I	She placed hers into it , and he stretched out a hand .
tr	I	I needed time to think , but I wanted to respond so bad .
tr	O	大门在我面前升起，但是我的车仍然在他旁边空转。
tr	I	Mitch 's arms are around me , pulling me to my feet , and I 'm sitting in the snow .
tr	I	Screwing around with my fellow soldiers didn 't fit with my morals , and those women were part of the team .
tr	O	她很有幽默感，并且查理总是喜欢她在午餐时的陪伴。
tr	O	我仍然知道愤怒是什么，也许我可以在黑板上拼写出来，但是我不认为我能感觉到它。
tr	I	Everyone had questioned him about it , and he 'd put on a lousy show that night .
tr	I	Ready to roll , and I 'm in the EVA suit now .
tr	I	We headed for the kitchen and he nodded .
tr	O	我怒视着它，并且它夹着尾巴溜走了。
tr	O	他声音中的空虚让我心如刀绞，并且我不确定我还能坚持多久。
tr	I	We leaned in , our heads touching as we jostled for position , and an intricate vent cover was now open .
tr	I	There 's no question that science is the best tool we have available , but maybe science isn 't perfect .
tr	I	It 's an art job , but it 's not a museum .
tr	I	She tried not to make it obvious , but I could tell this made her angry .
tr	I	The ceremony resumed , but she started to speak to him .
tr	I	This time Jake did not object , maybe that was progress and he put his hand on Jake 's shoulder .
tr	O	我不太确定我怎么会知道，但是我就知道。
tr	I	It was a hell of a feeling , but it wasn 't much of a word .
tr	O	她想倒在他怀里，但是他哭得太厉害了，以至于她觉得自己必须支撑着他。
tr	O	它来得快去得也快，并且她皱起了眉头。
tr	I	She was gone before she could finish her thought , and Oblivion wrapped her in its soft embrace .
tr	I	Joseph raced out , his nightshirt billowing about him and the door flew open .
tr	I	I spun away as fast as I could and a piece of concrete exploded near my head .
tr	I	He slashed out , catching Geoffrey in the shoulder , and William 's fingernails lengthened into razor sharp claws .
tr	O	他们俩都笑容满面，并且看着，姐妹们显然为他们感到非常高兴。
tr	O	她的头发一团糟，并且她的衬衫上溅满了血。
tr	I	Though we weren 't allowed to touch them , we spent hours looking at them , and they were painted in exacting , excruciating detail .
tr	I	Their problems were easily overcome and Everything followed so neatly .
tr	I	We hug and once I arrive , she hangs up .
tr	O	她的目光落到我的手上，并且我慢慢地拉下了拉链。
tr	O	可怜的刘易斯·夏普在他虚弱的状态下会被撕成碎片，并且在任何人都没意识到他是个变形者之前就被吃掉。
tr	O	我可能还有点不舒服，但是我还没死呢，格温多琳。
tr	I	She hadn 't known the consequences , but she had trusted him , given her permission .
tr	O	我没觉得他会伤害我，但是我不是很确定。
tr	O	我感觉到我的眼睛灼烧，并且眼泪在眼眶里涌动。
tr	I	She realized he 'd walked toward the couch that blocked her hiding spot and he 'd obviously left the kitchen .
tr	I	I 'll get to thank him all over , and he 'll show me a pile of decimated latex .
tr	O	老人许久没有说话，但是他的儿子看到了他父亲深邃的眼睛里的一丝光芒。
tr	O	他们经常是大男子主义的猪，并且他们会非常固执。
tr	O	哈珀把她的外套扣到脖颈处，并且她的鼻尖红通通的。
tr	O	我将口述转让条款，并且事情会完全按照我说的完成。
tr	O	她搂住贵宾的肩膀，并且这缓解了他的一些紧张。
tr	I	Aiden liked to make them feel better , and my toes did feel a little cramped .
tr	I	Maybe they were in shock , but nobody seemed too worked up .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be found , but he kept a wary lookout for Brian .
tr	O	感激之情没有涌动，但是简的血液在流动。
tr	O	这也许会给他一些与孩子们相处的时间，并且帮助爱丽丝享受她的时刻本身就是一种乐趣。
tr	O	人们做坏事，并且我们确保受苦的人们不会再遭受超过他们所能承受的痛苦。
tr	I	He liked what he was getting and someone was getting himself some .
tr	I	They buy them cool things and my friends at pre-school have grandmothers .
tr	O	他的脸红了，并且他的鼻孔张大了。
tr	O	你们很认真，并且我太爱我的儿子了，不能让他冒险。
tr	I	He knew it and at your age you would have no life .
tr	I	We all poured out of the closed metal box and the elevators finally opened on the top floor .
tr	O	房间里爆发出笑声，并且瑞秋也跟着他们一起笑了。
tr	O	他瞥了一眼肩膀，并且我趁机逃跑。
tr	I	Even though he owned the ship some of the cargo was financed and in a case like this there are always debts .
tr	O	首先木材用完了，并且接着就开始下雪了。
tr	O	这并没有花我原以为那么长的时间，而且我的厨房闻起来香极了。
tr	I	I didn 't mind the pain , but it wasn 't a comfortable fit .
tr	I	She hadn 't realized how close she was to doing what she 'd sworn she wouldn 't , and he seemed to be contemplating the matter .
tr	O	我把手放进她的手里，并且我让她把我拉起来。
tr	I	The sea of people parted , and Rhyme approached .
tr	O	史蒂夫重新粉刷了旧的户外厕所，而且它们从不上锁。
tr	O	那是个弹簧夹，而且我的手指总是滑脱。
tr	I	Mad Dog hardly noticed , but it was a long , hot walk out of town .
tr	I	Two big bags of dried dog food leaned up against it , and there was a doghouse in the yard .
tr	I	I can 't read his expression in the dark and he turns .
tr	O	她当然是如此，但是加文现在不想考虑那个。
tr	I	He forced a quick , grateful smile , but his voice sounded a little too tense for his liking .
tr	I	They couldn 't expect the same for any other world , but miraculously , things had been set to rights for Lissa 's planet .
tr	I	I knew it was there , but I couldn 't see past the first fringe of tall cypress trees .
tr	I	I feel a little better for it and at least it 's a plan .
tr	O	斯特林探员曾警告我不要把案件个人化，但是这一个却已潜入了她的盔甲缝隙。
tr	O	她本意只是想为安格斯做绝育手术，但是她的情感力量太强大了，导致她的魔法失控了。
tr	O	他们成群结队地移动，寻找它们的下一餐，并且这一个显然是冲着我来的。
tr	I	Her mother never spoke of it , and Bill never came back after that .
tr	I	He minimized the damage by rolling out of the way , but another sword hit him .
tr	O	我第一次见到她的时候，她很好，但是她已经变得更糟了。
tr	O	也许那是他悼念的方式，但是那仍然是一件糟糕的事情。
tr	I	His clean-shaven face said that he evidently could , but actually , she should have thought of asking him if he could handle the razor , too .
tr	I	I didn 't know what I had made , but I had changed him like the Shaman had changed me .
tr	O	梯子猛地向左一晃，并且然后，当我把右脚往前挪时，我错过了横档的边缘。
tr	O	她看着他，并且片刻之后，她嘴角浮现出一丝歪斜的笑容。
tr	I	I think I hear concern in his voice and he asks .
tr	I	I followed them , being very careful not to make any noise , and there was a flight of stairs leading downward behind that door .
tr	I	I saw uneasy glances pass among her witnesses but she did not speak .
tr	O	现在那是阿姨的脸，更老，更睿智，而且对我来说，美得多。
tr	I	His skin was pale and he was very thin , with dark circles around his eyes .
tr	I	His dark , swollen eyes widened when he saw the snow , and Orson was conscious .
tr	O	我不知道它是否一直如此，但是我相当确定它现在更像是这样了。
tr	O	释迦牟尼多年来发展了庞大的追随者，并且他的堂兄也对此感到嫉妒。
tr	O	我试图说出的每个音节都沾满了泪水，并且我的话还没出口就开始哽咽了。
tr	O	这是便宜、恶心的东西，但是至少它很烈。
tr	I	Unlike the arena , the area surrounding the bull was lined with foam padding , and he 'd been thrown a million times .
tr	O	战役胜利了，但是与南方国家的战争肯定会继续。
tr	O	他的喉咙发紧，并且他的五脏六腑都感觉被毁了。
tr	O	前方不远处有一个岔路口，并且火把的光芒从最右边的隧道里闪烁出来。
tr	I	It fol owed my movements , but I reared back , trying to escape the burning .
tr	I	His shirt damp , and his jacket was soft .
tr	O	她哀求的眼神与他锁定了，并且接着他将她从瓷砖边缘带到了更安全的地方。
tr	I	His fang teeth snapped out of their own accord and his muscles tightened .
tr	I	Besides , the brother seemed to speak to himself again , and the boy said nothing as no question had been asked .
tr	O	她想呼救，但是却没有人可以呼唤。
tr	O	她想问他为什么，但是却不知如何开口。
tr	O	马车嘎吱作响停了下来，并且他给了她一个勉强的微笑。
tr	O	她的脸色又沉了下来，但是她说她明白了。
tr	O	这似乎让他消化不良，并且他从那以后就一直在反胃打嗝。
tr	O	楼下窗户上掠过阴影，并且到目前为止，我可以看出里面至少有六个不同的人影。
tr	I	I decided they needed names and they were having tiny fist fights .
tr	I	He reached for the cup and he had left his coffee on the ground near his pit .
tr	I	Then I closed it again , and I opened my mouth to ask Alcide if it had been on the news .
tr	O	她刚开始的时候我们追上过她两次，但是我们不能一直追着她。
tr	I	He wasn 't going to get her standing around playing mini-golf , and he wanted Holly .
tr	O	伯内特没有动，但是他的眼睛发出明亮的黄光。
tr	I	He holds my hand from across the table and we chitchat .
tr	I	He just wanted her to stop , but he wasn 't quite sure why .
tr	O	唯一的问题是，现在他们正在给他戒毒，并且他正在变回他那个脾气暴躁的老样子，问东问西。
tr	I	I was sad to lose the feel of his skin against mine , and he squeezed my hand before letting go .
tr	O	他的手指紧紧地抓着她的头发，但是即使没有它们，她也不会退缩。
tr	O	这是可能的，但是她怀疑这一点。
tr	O	我夸张地呻吟了一声，并且芬恩对我翻了个白眼。
tr	O	她试图游走，但是他轻易地抓住了她。
tr	O	那是她的职责之一，并且她很自豪能够履行它。
tr	I	An impish smile stretched across her lips and Julia nodded .
tr	I	On the ground , my shadow flickered , too , and fluorescent lights flickered overhead .
tr	I	The man enters her father 's chambers , and the door is kicked off its hinges .
tr	O	布鲁克闭上眼睛，并且斯科特垂下头。
tr	I	I let out a wordless scream and panic seized my chest .
tr	I	She wondered if he 'd picked up on how guilty she felt inside , and he was looking at her like he expected more .
tr	I	This was turning her room into a furnace and the house was never that cool to begin with .
tr	O	即使是廉价啤酒现在也很贵，并且我对此还有点高兴。
tr	I	He looked up contemptuously with his very human eyes and Fenrir 's sensitive nostrils flared at the yelling .
tr	I	Every effort should be made to stamp it out , and the crime of witchcraft is abhorrent to decent men .
tr	I	Antonietta didn 't need light , but the passageway was pitch black .
tr	I	This time when the tax collector came , there wouldn 't be a happy ending , and no one had enough money .
tr	I	Together they helped Helena into the drawing room where a birthing bed had been prepared and Winston called for Miss Foster .
tr	I	He was practically a legend among the men , but no one ever spoke his name around her .
tr	O	吉姆脸上带着一种有趣的忍辱负重的神情，并且然后他的眼睛闪了一下。
tr	O	我差点要问他们为什么没有正常穿着，但是我意识到他们穿着的是一种蹩脚的战斗服。
tr	I	They pay you and you go on dates with them .
tr	O	随着秒针滴答作响，我站在那里，不安地从一只脚换到另一只脚，并且最终我清了清嗓子。
tr	I	Jabs Ashton in the ribs and my elbow reactively flies out .
tr	O	大地颤动了，并且詹姆斯渴望不再听她的下一句话。
tr	I	Echo fell to her knees and Cage finally pulled his hands away .
tr	I	She 'd debated saying something versus keeping quiet , and A 's note had tortured her all day .
tr	O	她死于一场车祸，而且我本该两天后动身去看她。
tr	O	我不记得坐下了，但是我们已经在床上了。
tr	O	不，他不是专业侦探，但是这些年我让他看过几十起，甚至上百起案子了。
tr	I	He gets hurt , but the kid reaches .
tr	I	He heard her shaky laugh but he couldn 't see her expression through the murky distance .
tr	O	我们走进一个小的早餐角，而且在旁边的厨房里，一个男人转过身来。
tr	I	They were silent for a while , and she sighed happily against his arm .
tr	I	He sat down , but she expected Meadows to shoo the man away .
tr	I	It was on the steering wheel , but she reached for his hand .
tr	O	我看得出她为她哥哥的事情很不安，还在努力保护她，并且表情的变化突然影响了她自己。
tr	O	我无法想起它们，但是我必须记住它们。
tr	O	当我回头看时，丁克摇了摇头，但是他又让我走到一览无余的地方。
tr	O	我知道下士会把它交出来，并且你无法阻止他。
tr	I	The only body warmth I 've ever known is my own , and I 've been living alone in the desert .
tr	O	莉子所说的一切都是为了伤害凯文，并且它正在奏效。
tr	O	虽然比棕榈岛小，但这朵花显得几乎是脆弱的，并且当我们走近时，我看到每个单独的岛屿实际上都非常大。
tr	I	She could see the signs of abuse etched in Kim 's frightened face , but Ava hadn 't been in the church support group for very long .
tr	O	这不是最好的主意，但是她快没有选择了。
tr	I	At least my armor does , or it feels a bit stuffy .
tr	O	他们的爱不是人类所说的爱，而且欲望以我们永远无法理解的程度吞噬着他们。
tr	I	He saw nothing because the city had faded behind a soft mist that held a terrible clarity ... and he saw everything .
tr	O	屋顶很久以前就塌了，并且我能看到外面。
tr	O	他同意谈谈，但是我能感觉到我们还有很长的路要走才能回到开玩笑的状态。
tr	O	他摸起来很冰冷，并且需要用力摇晃几下才能让他清醒过来。
tr	I	He disappeared , and she blinked .
tr	O	谐律知道它常常达不到理想，但是那不能成为不遵守它的借口。
tr	I	An older , more experienced operative would not have attempted it , and it sharply limited his ability to be part of the background .
tr	O	我问了她，但是她不理我。
tr	I	It does bring in some good cash , but I sometimes hate the renting cabins business .
tr	I	That was all , but I knew my ' father ' , her husband , wasn 't my real father .
tr	O	他们互相抱着，并且突然吻了起来。
tr	I	He dove out at her heels , and she burst through .
tr	O	听到她的话，他内心深处有什么东西被唤醒了，但是他无法确切说出那是什么。
tr	O	紧张气氛弥漫在空气中，并且我内心深处的一根弦绷紧了。
tr	O	我让它在我体内积聚，并且在我手掌中形成，高尔夫球大小。
tr	I	She 'll rat them out to Abby and she knows the plan .
tr	I	Dad told him to behave -- the usual and mom told him to be careful .
tr	O	我可以和她公开讨论任何事情，并且我指的是任何事情。
tr	O	他们试图让海登加入他们，但是他另有计划。
tr	O	是老克兰德尔先生，而且他正拿着一把非常大的枪。
tr	O	她没有说那是什么，但是它会发生在我身上。
tr	O	门开了，而且他父亲进来了。
tr	I	They will do what he commands them to , and whoever does such , they owe a favor to .
tr	I	My very arms trembled at his strikes , and the vibrations traveled through my veins .
tr	O	起初我以为她没听到我，但是后来她有了反应。
tr	I	Until that moment , he 'd been feeling much better but he hadn 't completely recovered from last night 's flu .
tr	I	Knowing nothing is crippling , but the truth is scary .
tr	O	维多利亚让她的衣服和人类外表消失，露出了她的真实本性，一团发光的薄雾。
tr	O	她在他的办公室里，在他的套房里，而且她一整天都在研究华盛顿特区那家酒店的营销计划。
tr	I	She hadn 't seen anything else , but Lydia admitted to hearing the voices .
tr	O	我知道你不想它，但是我以为一旦我们都在一起，你就会明白它会是怎样的。
tr	O	他一生中从未接触过非法物质，但是国际奥委会已经禁止他参赛两年。
tr	I	Blake didn 't let her go , but she stiffened .
tr	I	When she lets me go , she rests her hand on my shoulder , and we hug awkwardly .
tr	I	The conversion rate on a couple of them wouldn 't maximize the energy output , but he had a lot of great ideas .
tr	I	My excuse to Margie had been real , but I needed another drink .
tr	O	我抓住她的手，并且我们一起跑。
tr	O	我想我试图否认它，但是我确实知道是谁在跟我说话。
tr	I	He shook his head but his face mottled red with seething anger .
tr	O	杰克逊的喉咙感到发紧，并且他忍住了眼泪。
tr	I	The physical analogue gauges still showed feeder fluids flowing in the gross ducts of the system , but the lights were dead .
tr	I	Gatsby seemed oblivious to the discomfort he was causing his companion , but he squirmed under Gatsby 's piercing scrutiny .
tr	O	魔力从她的眼中消退了，并且她又看了我一眼。
tr	O	我不如享受它，并且我正在做那件事！
tr	O	FIDO从某个不知名的商店里拿出了两杯茶，并且他们放松地休息了一会儿。
tr	O	我打开手机，希望看到斯科特发来的东西，但是我没有任何新消息。
tr	O	我尝试坐巴士，但是它没油了。
tr	O	南希呻吟着，好像她快死了，但是幸运的是她非常健康。
tr	O	她现在在这里，并且我想要珍惜她身体的每一个小部分。
tr	I	It was bearable , but I moved it around , pain flaring in the joint .
tr	O	我们到了他的储物柜，并且他尝试用他揉皱的纸上的数字打开密码锁。
tr	I	Mom looked through the bulletin , and the organ continued to play .
tr	O	这些年来，一直有好心但多管闲事的人邀请她去见耶稣，但是她一直拒绝了。
tr	I	Part of the failure of their relationship rested squarely on her shoulders , but he was still a jerk for cheating .
tr	O	她认为他更像是专横跋扈的类型，但是她非常不想那样。
tr	I	It 's true , and you said it .
tr	I	It made him shiver and he knew my voice .
tr	O	我胸中的一些悲痛消散了，并且我带着灿烂的笑容冲向她。
tr	I	I took a sharp turn to the right , but the car tried keeping up with me .
tr	I	The water around it churned , and it was a sleek ship .
tr	I	Brother Maxwell started to act strangely and they were going up the stairs .
tr	O	他哼了一声，并且他的抓握松开了。
tr	I	Of course , he complied , and the Senator was very gracious .
tr	I	I was rewarded with the ghost smile , and his shoulders relaxed with my teasing tone .
tr	I	Nothing happens , but I try to squint my eyes shut against it .
tr	O	她知道那里某处有个摄像头，并且它正对着她。
tr	I	The lace covering the very heart of where he wanted to be was driving him insane and the color was too enticing .
tr	O	波因德克斯特只是耸了耸肩，但是我能看到他的眼睛在冒火。
tr	I	Leo swiftly reached for the massive longbow slung over his shoulder and it only took a few moments for the dance to unfold .
tr	O	如果结果是阴性的，那我是因为其他一些原因才这样，并且什么都没有改变。
tr	I	The Drifter passed over the crest and despair flooded through him as he .
tr	I	Her lips trembled and her eyes were full of fearful tears .
tr	O	人群已经开始散去，并且希望旅行车不再被堵，她沿着陡峭的山坡走向宣教屋。
tr	I	Now it was just the two of us , and our world had disappeared in the blink of an eye .
tr	O	我的神经紧绷，并且我的情绪感到崩溃。
tr	I	Richard woke to find Matt looking out of the hatch back towards the city and after an hour the tank came to a stop .
tr	O	他没有着急，并且等他回到街上时已经快凌晨一点了。
tr	I	I really suck at goodbyes and I suck at receiving gifts .
tr	O	我的眼睛下面有黑眼圈，并且我的感觉也正如我看起来的那样。
tr	I	Several members of St. Gregory 's organized it for her and Lady Hutchinson was far too distraught to coordinate funeral arrangements .
tr	I	He was really a decent guy , but I didn 't give him enough credit .
tr	O	没有人会认出我，但是他们肯定会被吸引。
tr	O	我的父母让我选择，并且我选择了萨满教。
tr	I	He knew how to charm women , and Ian Braxton knew he was sexy .
tr	I	You can 't keep makin ' fun at everyone , but I know you 're the smartest person in this whole town .
tr	I	His face crumpled and I shoved against his chest .
tr	I	Wrinkles fanned out from the corners of hazel eyes and his face was the weathered brown of old leather .
tr	O	情况会好转的，但是你错了。
tr	I	He pulled her back against him , and Kell 's arms slid around her waist .
tr	O	我不知道，但是我非常喜欢它！
tr	I	He lunged for me and his face twisted with fury .
tr	I	I chanced a glance back and the trail turned .
tr	I	I wouldn 't start and I 'd never run .
tr	O	菲拉不敢相信她在问，但是她必须知道。
tr	I	I have taken care of injured humans and I have taken care of injured Lights .
tr	I	His pupils expanded with desire and the gold flecks in his hazel eyes glittered .
tr	I	She knew that she was bleeding , but it didn 't hurt right away .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to send a guy like that anywhere , but I don 't really know for sure if it 's there .
tr	O	我的嘴角掠过一丝皱眉，但是我用微笑将其驱散了。
tr	O	我的思绪飘忽不定，而且我无法长时间专注于任何事情。
tr	O	我现在不想这样做，但是我不能一直推迟她。
tr	O	如果她能把那玩味的表情从他脸上拍掉就好了，但是她的双臂都被按在他的胸前。
tr	O	她告诉我她需要我时我就在她身边，并且现在别人也需要我的关注。
tr	I	I shouted after him anyway , but he was pretty far away .
tr	O	哦，天哪，她正在虚弱下去，并且她知道这一点。
tr	I	The bank had repossessed both their vehicles , and I 'd tried to give it to Mom after news about Dad had come to light .
tr	O	他问了，并且她点了点头。
tr	I	I pulled away , but she reached for my hand .
tr	I	I 'm not tryin ' to take your kids away , but I envy what the two of you have .
tr	O	营地很安静，并且每个人都睡了。
tr	O	他试图坐起来，但是这种努力证明是徒劳的。
tr	I	The fireproof piano remained unscathed , yet flames soared into the black sky .
tr	I	She couldn 't believe it either , and Danni saw what Chelsea was talking about all right .
tr	O	他们一起坐在外面的草地上，并且他把她抱在怀里。
tr	I	There 's no reason he can 't move into the friend zone , and I have plenty of guy friends .
tr	I	She hadn 't known what to say and they 'd sat across from each other at the small table last night eating dinner .
tr	I	His tone was intense , but Rupert 's voice drawled lazily .
tr	O	我知道那是一个人，但是我的头脑仍然坚持是狼。
tr	O	那个早上，他的笑容出现在美国每个报摊上，但是兰斯却不想笑。
tr	O	马克斯睡在他们的脚边，并且太阳开始西沉。
tr	I	Andrea held her ground , but his eyes went white blue .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop looking at him , but it wasn 't exactly the most erotic thing .
tr	O	他几乎立刻就试着给我回电话，但是我让它转到了语音信箱。
tr	I	They were alone in the house , and it was late afternoon .
tr	O	他拿着一把枪，并且枪口正对着她。
tr	O	他喜欢它，并且我开始写作。
tr	I	It was none of his business and as it was , he 'd drawn stuff from her she never talked about .
tr	O	他的语气很温和，但是他已经涨红了脸。
tr	I	He 'd already run out of lifeboats , and Gavin had three months to turn the Titanic .
tr	I	For some reason they fascinate me but many times I am told to ignore them .
tr	I	He still writhed in agony , but trying to comfort him , I stroked his arm , murmuring softly .
tr	I	Her skin glowed , and Grace smiled her beautiful , angelic smile .
tr	O	我低声说话，并且她点了点头。
tr	I	He pressed them hard against his sides , grateful for the bulk of the rock hiding him from view and his hands twitched involuntarily .
tr	O	他对待工作很认真，但是即使是他也要玩得开心。
tr	O	一名鼓手敲击着他的次中音鼓，并且一支小号发出了刺耳的声音。
tr	I	Our people were hungry , and our lands were barren .
tr	O	我告诉她这有帮助，但是 我撒了谎。
tr	I	His grip , although it wasn 't painful , was firm , and his hands were still on my waist .
tr	I	He said nothing , but Isaac was too full to eat any more .
tr	O	我 F看过他主演的每一部电影，但是 我以前从未见过他翻白眼。
tr	I	He still shakily picks himself back up , but he pushed himself hard to defeat that beast .
tr	I	I searched the darkened house for sounds of movement and my hearing became heightened by the lack of sight .
tr	I	That 's all that he cared about and he had it .
tr	I	I don 't care , but it 's junk reading .
tr	I	There was nothing secret about his aircraft , as far as civilians were concerned , and any good pilot would do so automatically .
tr	I	She shifted back as if to recant her words , and now Maia 's eyes had lost that secretive look .
tr	I	The lean barkeep pours a glass of ale without being asked , and the three surly patrons already within barely glance up at me .
tr	O	信号发出了，并且 船桨没入冰冷的水中。
tr	I	Somewhere along the way had lost the wonder of being a woman , and she 'd been nothing more than a vessel to bear his child .
tr	O	卫兵们手按长剑站着，但是 没有人攻击。
tr	O	她的支持者会想要她被承诺的寻人费中的一大笔，但是 即使如此，她的分成也会很可观。
tr	O	她按了几个按钮，并且 一个另类摇滚电台就响起来了。
tr	I	Emily lifted her like a pro and the baby whimpered .
tr	O	你抓住他，调查他，并且 当大陪审团以谋杀罪起诉他时，我就会突然被调到另一所监狱。
tr	I	He gave no answer , but Amica asked the man standing in front of them .
tr	I	The big man , with his enormous strength , could keep going for hours , and he was exhausted .
tr	I	In an effort to minimize the pain I didn 't fight for custody , and it tore me apart to see Bobby caught in the middle .
tr	I	He didn 't avert his attention from his patients , but David knew they whispered to one other several times .
tr	I	With each change made , the time stream would accommodate the change accordingly , and the first stated that the future would change .
tr	I	Mortification rushed through me , and tears filled my eyes .
tr	O	这将是凯奇和我第一次分开这么久。
tr	I	Henrietta seemed to be faster than the creature , and she was getting closer to the witch now .
tr	I	I step around the counter to the small dining area , and I soon abandon the idea that we can both fit .
tr	I	I knew that was the wrong thing to say and he yelled .
tr	O	Kenzie 的眼睛瞪大了，并且她举起了双手。
tr	O	我平淡地说，并且她差点晕过去了。
tr	O	他点了点头，并且我知道他明白了。
tr	I	He was using his prior access to Andrade Global to do it and they were told a hacker was trying to sabotage Dominic 's company .
tr	I	Any morning clouds had been burned off and the sun was well above the mountains .
tr	O	现在还早，并且我们都还是单身。
tr	I	Another set of images appeared and Winkler clicked the remote again .
tr	I	Finally she heads inside , too , but Alexandra seems reluctant to leave Adria .
tr	O	他考虑喝一杯，但是他不想再宿醉醒来。
tr	O	在心里硬着头皮，我做了一件我不引以为傲的事，但是为了她，那件事必须完成。
tr	I	She wouldn 't have Izzy subjected to it and she no longer wanted that in her life .
tr	O	夏洛特本想推迟道歉，但是她拖得越久，这件事就会变得越困难。
tr	O	整个歌曲的时间都静止了，并且那个吻是其中的一部分。
tr	O	只有少数女孩被选中参加大学校队，并且她们几乎都是没有奖学金的自费生。
tr	I	Then doubts began to crawl back into my head , and the thought that he was my boss consoled me for all of five seconds .
tr	O	她不明白我在说什么，而且我也不指望她会明白。
tr	I	I was already at loose ends , and it was still only seven fifteen .
tr	I	I felt my stomach rumbling out of nerves and there were hundreds of people milling around the palace .
tr	I	I knew it , and I was beaten .
tr	O	他似乎没有任何毒品关系，然而他却命令所有三名刺客除掉贾克森。
tr	O	艾米丽是我的家人，而且也许有一天我们可以增加更多成员。
tr	I	He didn 't yield his grip on me , but Rourke tensed for a fight , his muscles tightening under his jacket .
tr	I	Instinctively I recognized that her daughter 's words had struck a deep chord in Margaret and my sister bowed her head .
tr	I	No sound was coming out , but she could see his mouth moving .
tr	I	He sounded concerned , and his voice changed .
tr	I	Yet we couldn 't stop it , and it was nonsensical madness .
tr	I	I was home alone , and Kirk was at work .
tr	I	She fed it , fed his fantasies of her welcoming his attentions , and she could feel his desire .
tr	O	他告诉我他在这里上学，但是他看起来有点太老了不像是高中生。
tr	I	Rina blinked , startled and not exactly the word she 'd have chosen .
tr	O	他脸上浮现出一种奇怪而痛苦的表情，并且我想他终于明白了我的危险，如果不是他自己的危险的话。
tr	I	We 've never really been close and Kim is six years older .
tr	I	Now she wondered how strong he would be in her arms and she knew how fragrant his blood had been in her nostrils .
tr	I	Rosaline didn 't survive the trial , and he forced her to eat poisoned bread .
tr	O	那是很容易给出的建议，但是悲伤辅导不是免费的。
tr	I	For once I agreed with her , and Persephone rolled her eyes .
tr	I	Cara loved to cook , but she might live alone .
tr	I	Another puff of smoke wafted their way and there was a pause .
tr	I	Caleb switched lines and she hung up .
tr	O	痛苦从她身上倾泻而出，而且这几乎要了他的命。
tr	I	I hated myself for pushing him away , and I hated love without Parker .
tr	O	搏击室的门打开了，并且马利克带着一个高个子男人走了进来。
tr	I	The doors opened and the elevator arrived .
tr	I	Other animals would languidly return to rest in their dens and snakes would lazily bathe in its rays while the birds nestled on the branches .
tr	I	It doesn 't seem like anything that can 't wait till morning and decide to ignore them , I have a headache .
tr	I	She was suddenly kneeling beside him , and her knees collapsed .
tr	I	Logan could follow for cover , and he 'd go in first .
tr	O	凯莉试图重新入睡，回到卢卡斯身边，但是她做不到。
tr	O	我情绪的强度令人难以承受，而且你不需要经历它们。
tr	O	两天就这样过去了，她才能开口说话，而且我常常担心她的痛苦已使她丧失了理解力。
tr	I	They 'll accept you in a bit but they 've never hired a black man .
tr	O	螺旋桨启动时，泥泞的沉积物在舱盖周围翻腾，并且随后小潜艇从穹顶下方滑出。
tr	I	His skin felt the same : warm and I moved my hand to his arm .
tr	O	她试图大喊警告，但是声音在她唇边消失了。
tr	I	The conversation was a blur and she had been tired .
tr	O	我比恨他儿子更甚，而且这已经说明了一切。
tr	I	His palm went to the pillow at the side of her head , and his fingers slid over her cheek .
tr	I	When I look up to meet his eyes , I find I cannot read his expression , and he follows me .
tr	O	他不聪明，而且菲奇立刻就意识到了这一点。
tr	I	I answered her questions and her voice was reassuring .
tr	O	我不想放开芙洛拉，但是她却从我手中滑脱，让我可以自由地去迎接布兰普顿夫人。
tr	O	不管味道多糟，你都不能生病，否则它不会给你带来任何好处。
tr	I	The solution had never come to her , but she 'd wondered this a thousand times before .
tr	I	He couldn 't see me either , but I was blind in the blackness .
tr	O	我插话，并且其他人把他们的咯咯笑声伪装成咳嗽，而她则怒视着我。
tr	O	珍一直在抱怨他们的工作，而且德文也听腻了。
tr	I	Then it 's up to me , and I 'm here for six months .
tr	I	The concrete base holds off the rest of the blaster fire for now , but the wooden statue quickly explodes into a thousand charred pieces .
tr	O	微弱的水花声把我从情感的漩涡中惊醒，并且我睁开了眼睛。
tr	O	他看到了火光，并且火焰正在蔓延，沿着墙壁向上攀爬，在两座螺旋楼梯的蜿蜒扶手上跳动。
tr	I	He 'll have to deal , but Marcus doesn 't like it .
tr	I	I inwardly groaned at the insensitivity of his next statement and Kaspar 's eyes flashed black .
tr	I	I suppressed a smirk , and he thrust a piece of paper in front of me .
tr	I	I was pretty sure she wasn 't upstairs in my parents ' room , and I hadn 't seen her in the rest of the house .
tr	I	She mustered a smile , but Callie was so tired .
tr	I	Every conversation ended up the same way , and she 'd spoken to twelve employers today .
tr	I	He thought he had some idea , but he wondered what she was going to say next .
tr	I	She seemed upset with Sarah and I told Sarah 's mom what had happened last night .
tr	O	我一直被布兰登所吸引，而且他的英雄行为只增添了我的感情。
tr	I	They sat there quietly holding hands both thinking about their former lives and she kissed his cheek .
tr	I	I hissed as he whipped a blade down my side , and he choked .
tr	O	杰兹从沉睡中醒来，但是当然无法睁开眼睛。
tr	I	The tension in his body spilled to hers , but Hart stopped in front of her , doing nothing so scandalous .
tr	I	His investors respecting him and Jack was used to his opponents fearing him .
tr	I	She couldn 't impose on her friend ... but Maddie was so generous , so caring .
tr	O	她的声音听起来很兴奋，但是那是一种痛苦的兴奋。
tr	I	She was sure he grasped the heat in her stare , but they stayed like that for only a couple of seconds .
tr	I	I ventured another look at Michael to make sure he wasn 't bored , and this was a very long speech for me .
tr	I	He didn 't look up , but I banged on the glass .
tr	O	你提到过她，但是我们从未见过面。
tr	I	Caden called out after me , but I started heading for class .
tr	I	Liz talked on , handing a plastic bag to every member of the group , but Townsend might have rolled his eyes a little .
tr	O	我的心本来就不应该碎，而且这才是让我如此他妈的沮丧的原因。
tr	O	有很多事情不协调，而且我只是尽力去好好利用它们。
tr	I	It keeps me up at night , but we don 't talk about it .
tr	I	The shark has difficulty discriminating among objects in the water and the water also tends to be murky in those places .
tr	O	当你经历那一切时我没能陪在你身边，但是我认为你还需要做一件事。
tr	I	Olivia clamps down on my arm with strength born of terror , but I start to swing my feet over the side of the bed .
tr	I	You got through all of my defenses , but I don 't understand how it happened .
tr	I	Her lips were trembling , but Jessamine set her mouth .
tr	I	She didn 't chase right after him , but Anna watched her troubled husband walk away .
tr	O	他可能已经死了，而且可能有人开走了他的SUV。
tr	I	I lay still for another minute , absorbing it , as he walks to the bathroom , and the sensation of him leaving my body is jarring .
tr	I	They all blessed me and everyone was so happy .
tr	O	他们跑过门，并且西蒙放开了她的手。
tr	I	It appears you found peace now and Katrina has shared your newest emails .
tr	I	I was angry at myself and I was angry at Hunter .
tr	I	This time there was no normal life to escape to , but Life was spinning out of control again .
tr	O	起初她的眼睛充满着朦胧的睡意，但是接着当她抬头对他微笑时，它们变暖了。
tr	I	She opened her eyes , and he began to write .
tr	I	They 'll meet us there tomorrow night and the girls packed your things for you .
tr	O	我们要求了同样的课程，但是我们只得到了一些。
tr	O	你认为我不关心你，赛博，但是我的确关心。
tr	O	教授站到了讲台上，并且房间开始安静下来。
tr	O	我知道我会在露营地里逛几次，但是我决定这个周末不工作。
tr	O	我会给艾琳打电话，但是我认为如果你亲自去，会给所有人留下深刻印象。
tr	I	She gaped at him and those words sunk in .
tr	O	让他不去想塔拉和他的兄弟是一项艰巨的任务。
tr	O	> 首先……并且递减…… < 每月……每周？
tr	I	She held the gun level , but her entire body shook violently .
tr	O	有力的话语从他口中喊出，并且风铃的声音充满了她的耳朵。
tr	O	旗手望向他的同伴，并且那目光中仿佛带着未言明的恨意。
tr	I	She heard him and Matthew shouted at his sister .
tr	O	他不知从何处出现，并且伊维想知道他一直藏在哪里。
tr	I	Cassidy looked away , and I raised an eyebrow at this .
tr	O	她的心猛地一颤，并且她所能做的只有点头。
tr	O	一个年轻的“重启者”坐在驾驶座上，并且飞船轰鸣着启动了。
tr	I	I certainly didn 't want her to win , and that would make her think she had won .
tr	O	他环住她的手臂，将她拉得更近，并且她将手指缠绕在他的后颈。
tr	O	他们彼此对视而立，并且接着，仿佛这就是他们整晚所期待的时刻，慢慢地走向彼此。
tr	I	A shout from below made me pause , but I stepped forward , toward the last glider .
tr	O	仪表板被子弹扫射过，并且收音机表盘碎裂了。
tr	O	这个男孩不可能超过十四岁，并且他瘦小的身躯让我怀疑他是否更年轻。
tr	O	我的头穿过一道光，并且我的影子强烈地映在墙上。
tr	I	His gaze shifted to the ground and his strong jaw snapped shut .
tr	O	他知道她不得不给出的每个答案都会让他的母亲更痛苦，但是他必须知道。
tr	O	她对格斯说话，但是这次她的目光也看向了菲利普。
tr	I	An idea came to me - and as I walked down a hallway to Molly 's office , I passed by the main one .
tr	O	宁静的脆弱意味着她不知道她对他要求了什么，但是他却允许自己和她发生关系。
tr	I	He started to lose his balance , and she kept pushing him back .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure exactly who they were but I recognized them .
tr	O	他在睡梦中喃喃自语，但是我听不懂他说什么。
tr	O	一辆破旧的推车停在泥泞的院子里，并且生锈的工具随意地散落在主人丢弃它们的地方。
tr	I	She found it aroused her unbearably , and no man had ever spoken to her this way .
tr	O	他的顾问试图引导他，但是他却一直很固执。
tr	O	他不仅伤害了你，而且他还从我们俩那里偷窃了东西。
tr	O	你嘲笑了我，查尔斯，并且接下来轮到我嘲笑你了。
tr	I	She could feel his hard muscles bruising her body , and her thin chemise was like nothing between them .
tr	O	妈妈让她的司机送我下车，并且我在去那里的路上试着在车里读点书。
tr	I	My fingers brushed over a square box , and I reached the bottom of the bag .
tr	I	That was only how he affected my heart , and every emotion I 'd tried to suppress resurfaced with pitiless intensity .
tr	I	He found he couldn 't stop and her taste was addictive .
tr	O	我胃里的酒剧烈地翻腾着，突然间，我必须离开。
tr	I	Just as I took my hands off it , something clicked , but I moved the chair back into place .
tr	I	The two made it in without too much water damage , but the rain was still steadily pouring down .
tr	O	莎拉眼中流露出担忧的神色，并且她摇了摇头。
tr	O	我等着他像其他人一样问我为什么在那儿洗澡，但是他却保持沉默。
tr	I	She 'd insisted on dropping her car just outside of town , but Joe had called to say he 'd pick her up at noon .
tr	O	链子现在断了，但是那个吊坠和她左手腕上挂着的那个一模一样。
tr	O	它看起来很棒，她笑了，欣赏着这令人惊讶的景象。
tr	O	她颇为梦幻地凝视着那个男人，并且查理一时之间无法理解为什么。
tr	O	我可以对此表现得很震惊，但是那最近司空见惯了。
tr	I	He pulls them up to my neck and I crawl under the covers .
tr	O	他把手移到头皮上时皱起了眉，并且果然，他的头皮上有短茬，挠着他的手心。
tr	O	所有能打开的容器都打开了，并且内容物都倾泻出来了。
tr	O	他试图说服自己，他们都承受着压力，但是他当时心态不好，无法保持冷静。
tr	I	He was clearly not ready to ignore their last encounter -- but Lodge 's tone wasn 't hostile , exactly .
tr	O	他在我体内的感觉是前所未有的，并且当他抵住那个正确的位置时，我呻吟了。
tr	I	The way that made her feel left much to be considered , and well , it seemed as though she 'd achieved her goal .
tr	I	He does not want to be seen with a camera crew , and he knows these people .
tr	O	我抬头看着他牛奶巧克力般的眼睛，并且我再也忍不住了。
tr	I	Yet in that moment she was terrified , and I 'd seen my aunt Abby jump in front of a bullet once .
tr	O	他们穿着墨尔本最新流行的艳丽服装，并且当他们走过时，微风吹拂着他们巨大的袖子。
tr	I	It seemed to be too much exaggerated from his side , but he already thought about possibilities to get into contact with her .
tr	O	我再次点了点头，并且艾薇儿做了自我介绍。
tr	O	我不确定我有多喜欢这个完成的故事，但是它也不是太糟糕。
tr	O	温彻斯特步枪会在近身战斗中让他丧命，并且他现在只用它来狩猎食物。
tr	I	He squeezed them tenderly , and his hands cradled my breasts .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything more on the matter , but Patch didn 't look convinced .
tr	I	He almost looked confused , and his face was pale .
tr	O	她蹒跚地走向我，并且我伸出手拉她起来。
tr	O	我的胃开始抱怨，既因为里面翻腾的大量热液体，也因为我所处的恼人困境。
tr	I	As he did so I quickly brought up mine , and the man in the blue camo raised his gun .
tr	I	They 're smaller now , but little bits of snow continue to fall .
tr	O	没有任何东西能真正让安珀为她即将遇到的事做好准备，但是他不妨一试。
tr	O	它们响亮地穿过他的长袍落下，并且没人动身把她拉开。
tr	I	I thought I heard Anna whimper , but Elodie just stared at Jenna .
tr	O	她很早就学会了不要贪婪，否则她就会把食物穿在身上而不是享用它。
tr	O	他后退了一步，并且加布里埃尔捂着胸口喘息。
tr	O	我原以为他会哭泣，但是事实并非如此。
tr	O	钥匙被植物根系包裹住了，并且她不得不把它扯开。
tr	O	空中弥漫着不祥的气息，如同战场的余音，并且它在那里徘徊，预示着更多威胁的到来。
tr	I	He manages to sink a fist into my side , but I whirl away , never taking my eyes off him .
tr	I	Marrying a stranger was a little bit too much , wasn 't it but you were happy to accept your ' salary , ' ?
tr	I	Maybe it 's time you start thinking about your own safety and you 've all risked enough for me .
tr	O	她点了点头，并且汤米跑向屋后。
tr	I	He had to prevent the wheezing from being heard , and every breath he drew was difficult .
tr	I	He knew he was grateful to him for probably saving his life , but he had no idea who this stranger was .
tr	I	This book is dedicated to you , and you are why I keep writing .
tr	O	我觉得后面太远了，但是前面肯定太近了，令人不安。
tr	I	She collapsed and her overloaded mind shut down .
tr	I	The dialogue has been a bright point of each week , but obviously I wouldn 't like to see anything serious between them .
tr	O	我长大后，曾试图和他们谈论这件事，但是他们总是拒绝我。
tr	O	她知道对一个僧侣产生感情是愚蠢的，但是她发现自己还是有那种感情。
tr	I	She was very glad she had and she 'd tipped him well that morning .
tr	O	他们穿着衣服，并且武器随处可见。
tr	O	我两天前揍了他的鼻子，而且现在他想和我一起吃饭？
tr	I	He dodged the hit and I swung my fist at him .
tr	O	他不得不牺牲他的一些力量来做这件事，但是他别无选择。
tr	O	博物馆里至少有五十个巨人，并且我需要更多的武器来杀死他们。
tr	O	克莱咧嘴笑了，并且我感到我的嘴唇抽动成了微笑。
tr	O	瑞克把球扔得太用力了，但是法布里奇奥知道会发生什么。
tr	O	他舔舐着她，仿佛她体内充满了蜂蜜，而且他需要每一滴才能活下去。
tr	O	我寻找多年，但是安娜很擅长躲藏。
tr	O	门关上了，并且更多的脚步声响起了。
tr	I	I know I feel a lot like crying myself , but I don 't understand all those things .
tr	O	他仍然觉得他做错了什么很严重的事情，并且坐在龙舟上并没有让他感觉好一些。
tr	O	他还不愿意把那个标签贴在自己的额头上，但是他担心自己正在一步步靠近。
tr	O	他的父亲曾告诉他没有所谓不好的宣传，但是哈奇并不相信。
tr	I	Charlie 's frown darkened , and Beth asked with concern .
tr	O	大厅尽头的一扇门开了，并且一个头发灰白的人探出了头。
tr	O	他试图移动，但是他的套装毫无用处。
tr	I	To obey Amat , but she watched the water splash against the sides of the tub as she stood , knowing there was no choice .
tr	O	她如此聪明，并且她的思维需要刺激。
tr	O	他们一路沉默地骑车去学校，但是那并没有像阿泽莉亚想象的那么不舒服。
tr	O	我绝不想在他这样的时候站在他面前，而且我是一个吸血鬼。
tr	O	他又迈出一步，并且我能闻到他了。
tr	O	他灵巧的手指变得更加强势，并且亚历山德拉的喉咙里又发出一声呻吟。
tr	O	她感觉自己的生活一团糟，但是其他一切似乎都进展顺利。
tr	O	盖伦给了我一个不高兴的眼神，但是他照做了。
tr	I	In the end he said nothing ; but he hesitated at the door , as if he would have spoken again .
tr	O	夏娃目光向前，但是她的思绪却转向了内心。
tr	I	It was hard , and I was alone .
tr	I	We stepped inside and the elevator doors opened .
tr	O	她会跑得像只受惊的兔子，但是她身不由己。
tr	O	我把父亲教给我的一切都教给了他们，并且把他父亲教给他的一切也教给了他们。
tr	O	我的父母无法接受正在发生的事情，并且我很快就不得不离家了。
tr	I	His disapproving eyes stayed disapproving and he could see himself now .
tr	I	I gave her a warning look , and Jill knew perfectly well why I had on the scarf .
tr	O	唯一区分每栋房屋的是景观选择，而且即便如此，也没有太多多样性。
tr	O	一辆运动型肌肉车不适合农民作为交通工具，并且它对探矿者也没什么用。
tr	I	She wished she could see his South American home , and reyes told her about the rock shelf that overlooked a rich tropical valley below .
tr	I	That relaxed manner reminded her of the man she 'd fallen in love with decades ago , and she liked his easy going manner .
tr	O	乔什试图挣脱阿曼达的钳制，但是她拒绝放手。
tr	O	这对他来说很有道理，并且他点了点头。
tr	O	我只是想看着她，但是我把目光移向了窗外。
tr	O	我能听到他的心跳在我旁边，并且我让自己融化进那个时刻。
tr	O	我半期望他会对我大吼大叫，因为我把一个男人置于世界需求之前，但是他只是点点头。
tr	I	Nicholas was certain no one could breach its security system , and the only asset of value was the computer .
tr	O	这让当时只剩下黑猫仍在挑战他，并且她算不上什么大挑战。
tr	O	这边只有几栋房子，并且它们离路有相当远的距离。
tr	I	Slung me into the side of a dumpster and one of them grabbed me by my hair .
tr	O	我不是有意刻薄，但是显然Shadow以前从未被枪击过。
tr	O	我的心似乎提到了嗓子眼我想呼唤亚当，但是我说不出话。
tr	O	瑞克夹上另一张载玻片，并且我透过显微镜观察。
tr	I	The hole surgically closed and the tracheostomy tube was later removed .
tr	I	Maxim had been too busy watching the clock to eat with them , but they were chatting happily as they munched on the appetizers Rosa had made .
tr	I	He looked over at me and it moved down the street .
tr	I	As she did , he remembered something , but he watched as she crouched down to retrieve it .
tr	O	斯隆只见过蕾娜一次，但是她注意到今天她的气色不对劲，妆容下的苍白显得过于灰暗。
tr	O	她只比我大一岁，并且她非常漂亮。
tr	I	I could tell that she felt uncomfortable and she had a faint blush around her face .
tr	I	All that would have gotten me was a punch in the face , but I was about to yell that I 'd used protection .
tr	O	这次旅行会是一场冒险，并且莎娜会努力让贾斯敏玩得开心。
tr	O	我没有理由期待与洛根共进晚餐，但是我就是忍不住。
tr	O	出现在公共场合，并且摄影师就会跟着。
tr	I	Water was slowly filling homes everywhere , and pipes were bursting .
tr	O	妈妈很生气，因为东西很多，并且我把它们都吃了。
tr	I	They go with her fat ass , but her large , natural Ds should look awkward on her tiny frame .
tr	O	她父亲以前给她讲过这个故事，并且她已经陷入了自己的思绪中。
tr	I	The cat was no longer a cat , but I spun around .
tr	O	我的身体一直都在变形，但是这并不是我跟罗曼在一起时穿的。
tr	O	教堂里挤满了人，后面都只有站立空间了，但是当他们由奥利弗带领走进去时，人群分开了。
tr	O	他的手缠进了我的发梢，并且我知道他要吻我了。
tr	O	今晚星星真的在跳舞，并且我能清楚地辨认出仙后座。
tr	I	She wanted to uncover his every secret and he was truly dangerous .
tr	I	We stood still for a few moments , just gazing into each other 's eyes and she put her hand on my forearm .
tr	I	I had come clean with my therapist and it was the day after my birthday .
tr	O	她试图用侮辱让穆斯塔法更生气，但是这个贬称对他丝毫没有影响。
tr	O	他眼中的愤怒吓坏了我，并且当他把我拽进灌木丛时，任何反抗的念头都消失了。
tr	O	房子是空的，而且我需要答案。
tr	O	我们不是协会的第一个，并且我们也不会是最后一个。
tr	O	结果威尔实际上来自马萨诸塞州的皮茨菲尔德，而且他的家人确实想在圣诞节见到他。
tr	I	She was definitely interested in him , and David seemed interested .
tr	O	斯坦利让他们走到外面，但是要待在附近以防发生徒手搏斗。
tr	I	It was the place where she had grown up , and it was a lovely part of the country .
tr	O	他现在有一张和蔼的脸，并且他的头发整齐地向后梳着。
tr	I	She managed to keep her composure , but Roy was afraid she was about to dissolve into tears .
tr	I	I haven 't -- and I told him I 'd never love anyone like I loved him .
tr	O	尼尔把她拉进了房间，并且关上了门。
tr	O	她不再害怕他了，但是她不确定他是否想见她。
tr	I	Markman pulled it on and he handed it over .
tr	O	喀桑德拉去接肯，并且他从楼梯顶端返回迎接她。
tr	O	她对每位代表都足够礼貌地回应，但是她再也无法掩饰她对整个过程的恼怒。
tr	O	乔声称她的父亲深爱着她，但是苏珊娜却不这么认为。
tr	I	He could not , but he tried to open his eyes , to move .
tr	I	They rolled across the earth and her body slammed into his .
tr	O	他有充分的理由杀我，并且没有理由让我活下去。
tr	I	Not one I was familiar with , but I was in a living room .
tr	I	That 's why I can 't escape this guilt , and I 'm sure I could have .
tr	O	她没有多少东西，但是那些也只好将就。
tr	O	她开始摇头否认，但是黛安娜挥手制止了任何抗议。
tr	I	The keyboard falls to the floor and I kick the wall between us .
tr	I	This was the first he could get away and he had been held up at a deadly car accident .
tr	I	We all dived aside , and stepping forward , it smashed down with a huge , bristling fist .
tr	O	他很高兴他没有拒绝，但是与此同时他不确定这是否符合他的风格。
tr	O	艾伦阿姨很好，但是她不是爸爸。
tr	O	即使莉娅对他而言不是那个她，她就是他的妾，并且他就是吕西安。
tr	I	I winced and I saw the mental fog that overtook him .
tr	I	I just lost my best friend in the world and okay , the world ´ s about to end .
tr	O	某个像嘴巴的东西张开了，并且它的咆哮再次震动了地面。
tr	O	我感觉他认为我是摄影师的助理，并且如果泽维尔想配合，我不怪他。
tr	I	The sound lacked humor , but he laughed .
tr	I	I did , and you asked me to do you a favor .
tr	O	我通过后视镜瞥见了玛吉的目光，并且她对我伸了伸舌头。
tr	O	我的思绪混乱，绝望地试图想出一些解决方案，一些策略，但是一无所有。
tr	I	I could tell how much she wanted me from her increased breathing and her face was so serious .
tr	O	肯纳的露齿笑变成了一个完完全全的笑容，并且约翰不怎么喜欢它。
tr	O	我们昨晚出去了，并且显然直到你的电话我们都在睡觉。
tr	I	I did not want to risk Blake 's wrath , but I wanted to hear the rest of the conversation .
tr	O	布兰紧紧地抓着我的肩膀，并且我注意到他的手在颤抖。
tr	I	His close acquaintance was by his side and a great man was dying .
tr	I	I don 't want to die and I 'm pretty scared right now .
tr	O	我转过身，并且我的膝盖弯曲了。
tr	O	麦迪的声音很轻柔，并且我停下了脚步片刻。
tr	I	His cell phone rang , stopping him before he could get started , but he opened his mouth , no doubt to deliver some cutting remark .
tr	I	Weakened by the explosions , they seem almost fluid , but the mountainsides are naturally unstable .
tr	O	她的喉咙发出像石子滚下碎石坡一样的声音，并且她的眼睛慢慢移向亚当。
tr	O	乐队抬头看着我，并且我突然想知道我是否说错了什么。
tr	I	Finan watched in bemused fascination as a dull red colour stole into his master 's cheeks and Rafe shifted in his chair .
tr	I	I will come to you , and you need only convey your location .
tr	O	我不应该再关心了，但是每小时挣三十美分让人在处理钱财方面有不同的看法。
tr	O	皮尔斯刚来时并不是一个很棒的骑手，但是经过谢尔几天的指导，他进步神速。
tr	O	大学球探告辞了，并且珍妮回到了她的庆祝活动中。
tr	O	壁炉里火焰熊熊，并且哈丽特伸出双手取暖。
tr	O	杰森的眼睛睁大了，并且接着他的嘴角咧开了一道笑容。
tr	I	Pretend everything was okay and I couldn 't stand there .
tr	I	The images faded and he blinked .
tr	O	她比我小可能几岁，但是我们似乎是现场最年轻的人。
tr	O	我摩挲着那本旧书的边缘，明知我应该戴手套，但在这股热浪中又实在无法忍受。
tr	I	Reyes 's tension level ramped up , but Soft groans moved around the theater .
tr	O	他几乎能感觉到自己的条纹变得更深了，并且他试图控制住自己的内心反应。
tr	O	她因以为自己怀孕而情绪几近崩溃，但是特拉维斯却欣喜若狂。
tr	I	We had Eric too , lounging over the back of a chair waiting for his part in the script , and we had Megan there .
tr	I	That was that and he was dead .
tr	I	She wanted nothing , yet she wanted so much more from him .
tr	O	我以为他们把你从我身边带走了，而且我是对的。
tr	O	那听起来不妙，并且男孩等待着无底深渊在他脚下开启。
tr	O	寒冷的十二月风正吹着，并且特蕾莎·奥斯本抱起双臂凝视着水面。
tr	I	He had thick wiry hair on his chest , but the hair on his head was buzzed short .
tr	O	她想让他为喝酒道歉，但是他做不到。
tr	I	I had yet to tell my parents about Taylor and Chapter Twenty Three A week had gone by .
tr	I	It made the night black , and the rain was strong now .
tr	I	It did not work , but Anna covered her ears .
tr	I	You need to rest and you have got a busy night ahead of you .
tr	O	那个生物捡起他的皮，并且把它甩到肩上。
tr	I	If she had to stab herself to carry it out , she would and she 'd made her decision .
tr	I	She barked as she herded them up the path , and the novel experience of having others join them excited Kita .
tr	O	艾波发现自己也想跳了，并且她斥责自己有这些孩子气的感觉。
tr	O	她问他是否会把护垫给特洛伊，并且艾斯同意了。
tr	O	在索尔知道之前，它已经变成了一场摔跤比赛，并且那个男孩的体重是巨大的。
tr	I	He is waiting , and he is watching .
tr	O	它的翅膀张开了，并且它抓住了风。
tr	O	珍妮弗更紧地握住方向盘，并且她的眼睛亮了起来。
tr	I	He chose not to question it , but he heard something else in her voice , a hesitancy , a disappointment .
tr	O	我甩开她的手，并且用力盯着她的眼睛。
tr	I	She liked it , but it sounded strange hearing herself called that .
tr	O	他快速将佩刀向下猛刺，并且链环断开了。
va	I	His eyes had dried up , and soon the pillow grew wet .
va	I	It didn 't seem to matter to Abby , but he wasn 't sure who Princess Sophia was .
va	O	我的公司拥有这个小镇几乎每一寸土地，并且他们阻止我的名字被传开。
va	I	Nothing came , but he was slow , antagonizing slow as she watched him , waited for him to make a move .
va	O	阿莱西娅在这里，并且她需要我做些事情。
va	O	它不完美，但是它应该会成功。
va	I	The chef was busy preparing the luncheon and the whole list of fifty people were tentatively cleared .
va	I	He loved to gamble , and Chek , on the other hand , was short , bald .
va	I	I was happy to see there was no key hidden and once I was at Blaire 's I checked under the mat .
va	O	有些血迹，并且我不得不清除它们。
va	O	我的手开始颤抖，但是我不知怎的保持了清醒的头脑去打开我的书。
va	O	他只比萨凡纳小一岁，但是他看起来不像。
va	O	看起来他们彼此找到了朋友，并且这让我很高兴。
va	O	他放慢了速度，半转身面向她，他的目光从帽檐下望出时，并未完全与她相接。
va	O	我要回到平民生活了，并且一旦回到美国，我就无法摆脱这身制服了。
va	I	The cameras were in every room of every home , and the screens showed what the cameras saw .
va	O	娜塔莉亚的是高档的，并且安吉莉卡的是确实优雅。
va	I	They walked into the lobby and Hank grabbed their suitcases from the backseat .
va	O	天气非常冷，但是没有风。
va	O	把那个加到所有其他事情上，所以那时我就非常想离开了。
va	O	爸爸的脚步声咚咚地在拐角处响起，并且我试图拉妈妈的外套。
va	O	她扑向它，并且剑颤抖了。
va	O	莱多戴着手套的双手小心翼翼地远离野兽，并且他的眼睛因恐惧而睁大。
va	I	There were two in Sheridan 's office , finishing up a big fundraising mailer , but most of the volunteers had already left for the day .
va	O	这永远不会发生，但是达克不知道还能怎么做才能确保——绝对确保——蒂尔达无法接近他。
va	I	I was simply reeling him in and I wished I had the confidence my mother did , that this guy was the one .
va	O	偷穿梭机的计划进展顺利，并且麦克很快就乘坐那艘丑陋的地球生活穿梭机上路了。
va	O	她从未如此美丽动人，并且他从未如此愤怒。
va	O	他的眨眼很急促，并且她能想象他与她对视有多困难。
va	I	Then I moved to the city to study at The New School with Riley , and my grandparents took me in until high school was over .
va	I	Aching froze my body , but I wanted to ask about the girl .
va	O	许多卧室都在使用中，但是他没有费心去找一间空房。
va	I	She smiles in an ever so inviting manner and he turns to her .
va	I	He stared at his brother and Zane 's tone was angry .
va	O	爸爸的嘴唇紧闭着，但是那是为了让他牵着大女儿走过红毯时嘴唇不颤抖。
va	O	他的嘴唇张开，然后微微上扬，偏向一边，但是他摇了摇头。
va	O	我可能没有从哈蒙德那里拿来的剪贴簿了，但是我仍然有我找到的华盛顿电话号码。
va	I	The idea of that loss was overwhelming , so she held it away , and if she let go , Mia would be gone .
va	O	照相机闪烁着，并且人们经过时叹息。
va	O	瑞安农公主确实如他记忆中那般刻薄，而且这只让他更想要她。
va	O	她已经把门打开了，而且站在门另一边的东西比她所能想象的还要糟糕得多。
va	I	She 's turned away , back to rocking as she stares out the window , but I glance at Lacey once more .
va	I	They did have a kid together , and it wasn 't as if he 'd never seen her nak * d before .
va	I	They cost money and babies cry all night .
va	I	They were friendly with one another but Marcus not only knew my brother .
va	I	I was thankful for it , but I didn 't know why .
va	I	The era of the Roman Empire began , and Caesar 's adopted heir Octavian , later known as Augustus , rose to sole power .
va	O	他们认识的时间不长，但是那似乎并不重要。
va	I	We still have to do a ton of revisions , but the paper is set to be published this summer .
va	O	我也想维护我的独立性，并且我相当肯定我让他明白了这一点。
va	I	He 'd laugh and she 'd say .
va	I	She felt the silver liquid trickling down her face like tears , and her arms were around him .
va	I	He is glad to help and I repeat the information to Jeff .
va	O	他伸手去按门铃，并且当他这么做时，我注意到他的手开始颤抖。
va	I	She could see under the power there was hurt and his blue eyes found hers .
va	O	它们从他手中滑落，并且他后退了几步，感觉好像他的晚餐要吐出来一样。
va	O	我知道吕西安看到了它们，但是他的目光从未离开我。
va	O	门开了，这给了他希望，但是她站在狭窄的开口处不确定地看着他。
va	O	我们在描述这样一个天堂的诸多乐趣时公正而准确。
va	I	More importantly , she was a powerful woman , but she was an attractive woman .
va	I	She 's in trouble - and it 's a woman .
va	O	她死了，并且这是我的错。
va	I	That made her all the more appealing and there wasn 't anything conceited about her .
va	O	斯科拉走进一家酒铺为劳伦斯和自己买了几瓶冰镇啤酒用于草坪音乐会。
va	O	一个念头在她脑中闪过，并且她转身回到了里科身边。
va	I	The intensity of her fear forced me to listen , but I knew that I ought to keep reassuring her .
va	O	他们上场，并且他们赢了。
va	O	多姆立刻松开了我的手腕，并且我退后了。
va	O	我告诉过妈妈这将是一个简单的案子，但是我没想到它会如此容易。
va	I	She paid no attention , but it immediately fell again .
va	I	A group of men wielding large guns ran outside and as Haven watched , the glass door opened .
va	I	She didn 't care , but it was cold , colder than inside the mine , thanks to the wind .
va	O	我们现在所处的贫困，在丹佛短暂而令人陶醉的富裕体验之后，显得更加糟糕，并且我们急需用钱。
va	O	他必须自己得出那个结论，并且当他那样做的时候，我会在等他。
va	O	中距离处有一座大楼，但是它不是我那天在路上看到的城堡。
va	O	风用力拉扯它，而且风筝改变了方向。
va	I	She looked twenty years younger and Mrs. Chu was almost 50 .
va	O	护士指向房间的远角，那里有两名妇女正在处理一名男子，并且我们开始朝那个方向走去。
va	I	They want to stick together and this is still an adventure .
va	I	His cuff links which had tiny diamonds embedded in them , and the man 's silver watch .
va	O	基利对他很重要，并且即使他们之间未来的任何可能性都注定失败，他仍然会尽其所能地照顾她。
va	I	I can almost feel the car slowing down on its own and by this time I have already reached flat surface .
va	O	记忆的数量增加了四倍，而且她被信息淹没了。
va	I	She did it anyway but she knew she 'd never win .
va	O	那是一辆敞篷车，并且车顶放下了。
va	I	After drinking one pot of coffee , he made another , and he was still nervous .
va	O	她的抚摸一如既往地安抚着他，并且当她将手指插入他漆黑的头发时，他的低吼声听起来更像猫的咕噜声。
va	I	Rigo was already pulling his collar open , but Grant offered a bottle of blood substitute .
va	O	他惊呼道，并且朱莉娅乐于接受这轻松的时刻。
va	I	The kiss seemed very intimate , but I couldn 't understand why .
va	I	The highway is close , and I 've run at least a couple of miles .
va	O	我的双肩垂下，并且我避开了视线。
va	I	Identification hadn 't been it , but they had wanted Jay in this for some reason .
va	I	He had no doubt that he wasn 't the only man interested in her and she was a very attractive woman .
va	I	She wanted Jill to walk in it , and there 's some show in two weeks .
va	I	She coughed for breath , winded by the fall , and she cursed herself for attacking the same way as before .
va	I	I couldn 't , but I knew I should say no , that it wasn 't any of my business .
va	O	她不认为和卡洛在一起会一样，但是她也不愿冒险。
va	I	I walk up the stairs and Eli walks down a hallway .
va	I	I had no business feeling in this world , and I knew I was doing the right thing because she made me feel .
va	I	She just couldn 't , but she wanted to laugh .
va	I	We also see a human mother holding onto the last breaths of her humanity , but we are looking into the eyes of our Creator .
va	O	最顶上的门打开了，并且斯特凡的头伸了出来。
va	I	He was just as dreamy , but it wasn 't the same boy she saw in the dream .
va	I	She couldn 't escape his hold , but every instinct urged her to flee .
va	I	When nothing out of the ordinary popped out at him he turned away but Number 27 sought the screen for anything unusual .
va	I	I didn 't much see a point in leaving a message , and it went to voice mail .
va	O	她从未那样做，并且他的机会就没了，如果他一开始就有什么机会的话。
va	I	Her hands were closer to the crowbar than ever , but Julie felt her body leaving Kim 's side .
va	O	雷声再次在头顶轰鸣，并且一道闪电照亮了十月阴沉的天空。
va	O	他走向那张黑色办公桌，并且自动化椅子向后退去。
va	I	He pressed a light kiss to the skin there , and his mouth lowered over her stomach .
va	O	那个残酷的人当然没有问，但是其他人问了。
va	I	This was a pretty gruesome example for my first time , and I 'd never seen a really properly dead body before , aside from on TV .
va	I	Her memories of that one night were alluring , but the daily life of a noblewoman frustrated her .
va	I	The one time I saved his was the only one he remembered , but he saved my life about twenty times while I ran beside him .
va	O	凯利可能已经取消了，但是纳什不打算接受拒绝。
va	O	她瞪着明，但是当她将充满恨意的目光转向我时，我知道我才是她真正愤怒的对象。
va	I	Too soon , Ari 's dance lesson was over , and the time flew by .
va	I	We now have been sent his replacement , and as you all know , the old one retired last week .
va	I	Suddenly I was on my back , and another hit , this one to the back of my legs .
va	O	卫兵们犹豫地瞥了她一眼，但是随着女王又一个锐利的目光，他们带着仆人退下了。
va	I	She knew what it was , but she had never seen that look in Devon 's eyes before .
va	O	春树展示了它，而且我也展示了。
va	I	She had coerced me to leave my car at home , and riding back with Mia wasn 't a good idea right now .
va	I	It did something else , and that burst of pain caused my ears to ring .
va	O	它不是很坚固，但是它也不需要坚固。
va	I	At that moment Patrice walked up , apparently done with her own schoolwork , but Balthazar looked like he might be about to say something .
va	I	The booth fills to capacity , and the girls take a seat .
va	I	Darcy sighed in relief , and the ringing stopped .
va	O	每天都有不同的电影，并且每天放映三次。
va	O	他翻身仰卧，松开了她的手臂，但是他一个人也没看到，只有月亮有限的光线投下的阴影。
va	O	两块碎片在长者用棍子戳它们时碰在了一起，并且那只手伸向手臂部分，试图重新组装自己。
va	I	I 've spent longer with a grieving father , but I can still remember the small things .
va	O	她们是黑女巫——邪恶的，而且她们利用她们的黑魔法作恶。
va	O	我们花了一个小时谈论那场演出，并且我觉得他很适合。
va	O	背离约翰尼使得亡命徒暴露在印第安人的火力之下，并且鲍勃猫充分利用了这个机会。
va	O	他同意了时间，并且她挂了电话好让自己准备。
va	O	他知道他一直在过于强烈地广播他的性幻想，但是她却毫不动摇，轻松应对他们之间强烈的情愫。
va	I	He just stared back but I glared at him .
va	I	It was hard to tell with the thick blond beard , but he looked like he was in his early to mid-thirties .
va	I	Travis got on , and she slid forward .
va	I	She did not move , but I barked .
va	O	他也在想同样的事情，但是对他来说已经太迟了。
va	O	你从未是，并且你也永远不会是。
va	I	They refer to themselves mostly as The Assassins , but they don 't have an official name .
va	I	Somehow it hung on , but she glanced out the window to see the lone leaf shuddering in the wind .
va	O	几个孩子试图往里看，但是玛丽把水桶从他们身边移开。
va	I	You 've come to this already and I mean , what , we graduated high school like yesterday ?
va	O	她没有大声说任何话，但是我感觉到她的心在向我呐喊。
va	I	It only lasted for a moment , but for a moment I thought I saw compassion in Cassandra 's gaze .
va	O	它所需要的力量几乎让她昏倒，并且她开始倒下时我抓住了她。
va	I	She wasn 't , but she felt as if she ought to be angry .
va	I	I only grip him tighter , but the pain in my shoulder flares .
va	I	I couldn 't help the giant smile that pulled at my cheeks and Relief washed over me .
va	O	加百列是一名法师，并且如果他不是那么强大，那并不会改变她对他的看法。
va	O	这里很平静，而且这是阿瑞斯离开后我第一次不感到孤独。
va	O	他们三个都是法师，并且其中两个人可以在不摧毁周围房间的情况下杀人。
va	O	如果他们来，他们会走河路并且不会走小径。
va	I	Her brown eyes sparkled , and she beamed at me .
va	O	多丽丝借口去洗手间，并且格伦借机重新评估了情况。
va	O	他能透过她张开的双腿看到她的阴蒂，并且现在他也能看到他的阴茎了。
va	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且他停止了行走。
va	I	He was clearly worried , but Hal quickly backtracked , saying she could do as she wished .
va	I	He made no attempt now to disguise his true nature , and the facade of urbanity had fallen completely away .
va	O	当我想到这件事时，我意识到我从昨天起就没吃东西了，并且我的胃也因此疼痛起来。
va	O	他的指甲修剪得很整齐，并且他手上戴着一枚巨大的图章戒指。
va	I	It only made her need him more , and Emily could taste herself on his lips .
va	I	From the moment they connected I felt myself becoming aroused , and my lips reached for hers .
va	I	Rachel sat between us , and I did the same .
va	I	It was useless but my voice tried to call out .
va	I	He 'd been to hypnotists and he 'd been to doctors .
va	I	I say that 's a sport since it 's featured in ESPN but okay , she 's the cheerleader .
va	I	I doubted it , but Could have been .
va	I	I took in her beautiful body and Liza pushed the covers away .
va	O	狼眼在那里躺了几分钟听着他们，并且接着他揍了红爪一拳，把他弄醒了。
va	I	Tears form in the corners of his eyes and seconds tick by .
va	O	我听不清他在说什么，但是她脸上却挂着傻笑。
va	O	她输入了“医生”这个词，并且他知道他完蛋了。
va	O	她终于找到了老板神秘行为的答案，并且这是一个让她心头充满喜悦的答案。
va	O	这让我从番茄酱那里得到了一个沮丧的叹息，但是他知道事情必须如此。
va	O	失去杰拉丁是一个沉重的打击，并且她和所有员工一起悲伤。
va	I	I reached out to pat him and Spot 's soft tail , waving like a flag , brushed against my legs .
va	I	He reached for his magic , essentially encasing my arm in his own fist of stone , but I tried to break his grip .
va	O	对所有相关人员来说，这是一个好得多的系统，但是姐妹会系统不会改变。
va	I	I refuse to melt down , but tears threaten to spill out .
va	I	I ask for more than you can give , and you have already shown yourselves to be merciful .
va	O	阿米莉亚站在他旁边，并且一个留着鲜红色头发的年轻女孩从一群斗士中走了出来。
va	I	Technically your injuries should have been much more severe and I read the accident report .
va	I	Her voice sounded stronger , angrier , but I could hear her heart racing .
va	I	I 'd be counting heavily on it tonight to keep me motivated , and Anger was also present .
va	O	外面有危险威胁着她的家人、她的朋友，并且她不能袖手旁观。
va	O	马格努斯什么也没说，但是从阿扎泽尔脸上的表情可以清楚地看出，这位术士正在心灵感应地与他无声地交流。
va	O	当他转过拐角时，他看到侦探黑斯廷斯站在萨姆的办公桌旁，但是他不是噪音的来源。
va	O	她想不出来是什么，但是他显然很匆忙地想离开她的家。
va	I	His brown eyes are bloodshot and his face is flushed .
va	I	Everyone thought we were ready by the time we were done , but the morning meeting took a few hours .
va	I	It doesn 't feel like enough but he 's touching all of me .
va	I	Bert got that end in his eye before he could step aside ; and he caught up a big branch all on fire at one end .
va	I	He asked none of them , but his curious expression held questions .
va	O	他的眼睛闪烁着睁开了，并且他试图喘息。
va	O	他已经抛弃了他爱的人，并且他无法再忍受一次。
va	O	塞巴斯蒂安猛地把杯子拽了回来，但是它已经完成了它的任务。
va	I	A lot of people had overcome worse beginnings but the guy had a difficult start in life .
va	O	在我心里并没有感觉那么久，但是它就在那里。
va	I	He wanted to be paged and they informed her that Dr. Mitchell had called to give a report on her fiancé .
va	O	克林的怒火开始高涨，但是他强迫自己放手。
va	O	我有种感觉它被篡改了，但是我的扫描仪无法看到手柄内部。
va	I	She backed up fast , and there was something underneath that , something like a cliff she could easily fall from .
va	O	我的手环绕着他的性器，并且我引导他进入我体内。
va	I	Her face suddenly hardened , her hands clenching into fists like she wanted to hit me and her momentary shock wore off .
va	O	一切都在她脑海中闪过，并且恐惧像胆汁一样涌上她的喉咙。
va	O	它在我手中闪烁，并且我意识到我带着那份疯狂不小心碰到了鲍尔的墙。
va	I	I couldn 't resist the chance to kiss her , and she tilted her face up toward me .
va	I	It bounced off the tarmac in warm waves and the sunlight seemed more intense .
va	I	They were both speaking and it looked as if she had two heads .
va	I	All the princes who came after getting the invitation refused to marry her but the panicky king tried to marry her off expecting some change after marriage .
va	O	它们附着在一个光秃秃的粉色脑袋上，上面仍然有着那些发光的绿眼睛，但是没有鼻子。
va	I	Nothing short of a natural disaster was going to change that and the wedding was back on .
va	I	It wasn 't her father , and the voice was male .
va	I	The lights flickered , and Thunder sounded again .
va	O	麦肯齐为没有早点告诉她而连连道歉，并且又为告诉了她而道歉。
va	I	He smiles shyly and I ask him .
va	I	He could tell she was still furious with him and she was incredibly sweaty .
va	I	She shook her head and Lydia 's smile wavered .
va	O	梅伊已经在里面了，并且她探过身来帮我系好安全带。
va	O	朱迪噔噔地走上台阶，并且麦克斯更紧地依偎在她身边。
va	I	She enjoyed watching him almost skip around the house each day , and he was like a little boy getting ready for Christmas morning .
va	I	As a woman , she was more fragile , but as a cop , Cara could handle herself in any situation .
va	I	It was not the blood smell of women , but he smelled it now .
va	I	For some reason he found that more sensual than ever , and she was drowsy .
va	I	I insist he stay put in the living room , but Noah tries to follow me into the kitchen .
va	O	艾米琳曾以为他可能会试图把她引离小径进入黑暗中，但是他却一直走在正确、明亮的小路上。
va	O	关于宿醉的指控仍然让我感到愤怒，但是吉尔坚持要放下这些事。
va	O	他的头往后仰，并且他看到一个光着上身、睡眼惺忪、顶着一头乱蓬蓬头发的老人时，眼睛睁大了。
va	O	命令正在下达，并且听起来好像有十个人同时在说话。
va	I	It didn 't matter , but I heard the desperation in my voice myself .
va	I	His hand moved to cup her jaw and he decided to try a different tactic .
va	I	He couldn 't have found out about this at a more appropriate time and here was the real job of a black book !
va	I	That was the safe , mind-numbing alternative -- and Della had talked about routines becoming ruts .
va	I	Pieces of understanding would cling to the subconscious , but they may disregard things they don 't understand .
va	O	帽子，艾薇无疑觉得，很符合埃及美学，并且这是她向他们的东道国致敬的方式。
va	I	I heard the drawer in his nightstand close , his shadow coming over my face a second later , and Jase huffed .
va	I	I heard the rustle of people turning in their seats and the room quieted down .
va	O	他们在这里一定有合乎逻辑的原因，并且我以为我知道那是什么——血之石。
va	O	伊芙琳的笑容扩大了，并且她的肩膀在无声的笑声中颤抖。
va	I	He is an experienced outdoorsman , and I 've known Sean for many years .
va	O	她是我们生活中很重要的一部分，并且在朱丽叶去世后，莉莉对我帮助很大。
va	O	我忘记了我的枪，但是以吉姆的典型方式，苏西挂在她的肩上，随时待命。
va	I	It was like fighting a tsunami but he tried to fend it off .
va	I	It looks like she might be a little impressed , but I don 't know her well enough to say for sure .
va	I	We have more talented soldiers , but our army might be smaller .
va	I	I was wrong , but Never thought you 'd feel better than you look .
va	O	她走了出去，并且尼基听到了公寓门砰地一声关上。
va	I	His muscles were still strong , like pieces of iron tucked into his skin , but his eyes were a little weary .
va	I	I was only interested in the man behind the wheel , but cars blew my clothes as if I were standing atop a mountain .
va	I	I mostly listened to the chatter with a half-smile , and we soaked for a long time .
va	O	我祈祷了很多，但是上帝似乎从未听见我。
va	O	我开始笑了，但是他的嘴唇找到了我的，仿佛它们是为此而专门造的。
va	O	门在他身后轻轻地咔哒一声关上了，并且格蕾丝盯着书架、书桌、紧闭的门。
va	O	他的话语听起来几乎绝望，并且他不完全确定为什么。
va	O	你知道你本可以向你的议会证明你是正当的，但是他们不在这里。
va	O	一缕头发巧妙地垂落在眉毛上，并且迪米特里的嘴角上扬。
va	I	I pressed it , and one particular title caught my attention .
va	I	There was no cover to speak of , but a few scattered plants grew low to the ground .
va	I	That was saying a lot and Jericho had hurt me more than anyone else today .
va	I	Jack thought otherwise , but my voice made it sound like the canvas was just a pile of paint , nothing special at all .
va	I	Her emotions had been the problem before , but he 'd asked her to say she loved him .
va	I	I saw the smile in her eyes and his mother caught his sweet gesture .
va	O	它消失了，并且我摇了摇头以清除它。
va	O	波浪泛着白色的泡沫，并且一艘救生艇在七层甲板下方上下浮动。
va	O	多个恶魔的声音响起，并且脚步声从四面八方传来。
va	I	He doesn 't show any signs of agreeing with my deal but a grin spreads across his face .
va	O	我给米娅打手机，但是电话转到语音信箱了，梅丽莎的也是一样。
va	I	A few workmen busy under the bridge , and the man looked over the railings at a passing duck .
va	I	I prefer to keep her out of things as much as I can and her opinion wasn 't relevant .
va	I	I looked up and the van took a sharp turn .
va	I	We walk back to my parent 's grave in silence and I pull him onto the path .
va	I	That was all he wanted in his time left , and she had to be on board .
va	O	几分钟后灯熄灭了，并且马特迅速返回了地下管道，似乎被这次险些发生的意外吓到了。
va	O	我站了起来，并且我给了父母一个眼神，示意他们待在原地，免得他们有什么出来见他的念头。
va	O	帕里斯将他真正的家设计成他喜欢的样子，并且那不包括有客户在里面到处乱看。
va	O	我感觉自己放松了下来，并且我忍不住笑了起来。
va	I	I was frozen in place , but I tried to resist .
va	O	他卷起裤腿，并且它全身都变黑了。
va	O	我拨动了几次开关，但是灯泡在摔落中坏了。
va	I	She 'd gotten her first beating that day , but she wasn 't certain how the urchins had known that she had coin .
va	O	他的母亲倒吸一口气，一只手捂着胸口，并且金发女人在椅子上转过身来看。
va	O	一阵寒意袭遍她全身，并且她猛烈地摇了摇头。
va	I	He resisted , but she yanked at his wrist .
va	I	She declined , but he told Lana that he 'd pay for a cab for her .
va	O	门卡住了，并且我的心一沉，心想可能有人被锁在里面了。
va	I	She knew that the ceremony was being recorded for the press , but cameras were not allowed inside the room .
va	I	I trust Thomas , whereas I can 't trust Wendell anymore , and I trust these people .
va	O	我回头看，但是那里什么都没有。
va	I	Someone catches me before I can fall , but I stumble .
va	I	On cue the wind howled outside of Chris ' front window and he said .
va	O	我渴望投入战斗，但是那是通向速死的必经之路。
va	I	I moaned with my mounting appetite for his touch and his thumbs rubbed over the silk against my clit .
va	I	Now I 'm thinking the opposite , but okay , so I know I thought earlier that I had the worst luck .
va	O	布雷特脸红了，并且亚历克斯心想也许艾莉说对了。
va	I	The story it told was all too clear , and the search was brief .
va	I	She couldn 't save everyone , but it was selfish to wish for the bliss of ignorance .
va	I	Creating things in his mind everywhere he went and he 's had a life-long love of stories .
va	O	三分之二还不错，但是杰玛曾警告过我，我必须最主要地争取到凯恩。
va	I	Stories of his power were enough to frighten even the Head Mage , and Class Ten Mage Ryker Slade was reportedly as mad as he was powerful .
va	I	There was trouble in his eyes , but his face was composed .
va	I	The chiming of bells alerts someone to my presence and I push through the barred door .
va	I	Pain shot from his shoulder to his hand , and he started to get up .
va	O	让我把你的电话给她，她会打电话给你，并且你们可以安排一次咨询。
va	O	妈妈很难过，并且她就要失去这生意了。
va	I	It was , but this shouldn 't have been funny .
va	O	火力停歇了，并且几个黑暗的身影跃然而出。
va	I	A smile tugged at her lips and she leaned back against my chest .
va	I	I was careful not to push , and she was careful .
va	I	His arms were like thick cables that held me tight and his legs felt like steel vices closing in on me .
va	O	她准备好了手提包，但是她拒绝像个可怜的跟班一样站在他旁边等待，直到那个男人准备离开。
va	O	他不知道那栋建筑里有什么在等着，但是他会闯过地狱本身来确保阳光的安全。
va	O	他及时地躲开了，但是那个恶魔飞掠过门道，进入了小农舍厨房。
va	I	Both the guys laugh , and Lila raises her eyebrows .
va	O	他的头低垂，直到额头抵上我的，并且他的手滑过我散开的头发。
va	O	颜色如此鲜艳，环境如此充满刺激，以至于仅仅睁着眼睛就像在锻炼。
va	I	Then he was solid , standing with the curious elegance of the Carpathian male , and she could actually see the tree behind the mist .
va	I	His tone made the order obvious , but it was posed as a question .
va	I	She felt like she was buried beneath a thousand pounds of sand , but she was doing her best to come to full wakefulness .
va	O	它开始转向逃跑，但是它不像雅典娜号那样敏捷。
va	I	She wondered what it was like , and she had never seen Benson 's house .
va	O	他的身体变得更致密了，并且他感觉到它的重量将他向下拉，他的拳头感觉就像铅臂末端的铁球。
va	I	We 're dressing to go out , and my man , she thought with a smile .
va	O	天气不会那么快放晴，并且将没有幸存者可寻找。
va	I	Luke insisted that we had to watch the credits , but a couple of people stood up when the movie ended .
va	I	He raised a hand , smiling apologetically , and a sense of what he had interrupted seemed to occur to him .
va	I	The doors opened and it stopped .
va	O	我从小就喜欢马，而且莫莉也是如此。
va	I	He promised he 'd call me in a few hours so we could talk more about this move and we kissed goodbye .
va	O	这就像一场活生生的噩梦，并且尽管你不能亲眼看到活着的死亡，但这次经历也相差不远了。
va	I	I eased down beside her , and mom scooted to the corner of the window seat .
va	O	这只是一件小事，但是诺拉却坚信不疑。
va	O	一个电话，并且他就会进监狱。
va	O	她感觉到湿漉漉的牛仔裤紧贴着她的大腿内侧，并且她那湿透的运动衫，紧粘着她的肚脐。
va	I	She swallowed her words , eyeing the road ahead , but this demanded answers .
va	I	His brown eyes narrowed dangerously as they found those of the stranger , but Garrett shook his head slowly .
va	I	He looked up at Jenny , who smiled broadly , and in a moment someone tapped him on the shoulder .
va	O	他的船沉没时，他第一次溺水，并且我们的父母烧毁十三号房子时，他第二次被烧死。
va	I	I like him , and I 've known him for years .
va	O	前台没有人，并且托比走进餐厅，那里又空无一人。
va	I	Shelby loved Angel , and I loved Martin .
va	O	她不哭，并且她不动摇。
va	O	我准备抽身离开，但是他有力的双臂没有松开。
va	I	He shook his head and I asked him softly .
va	I	He could tell she was nervous , but she snapped .
va	O	这些是我们能弄到的唯一门票，并且詹姆斯坚持说亨利会还他钱的。
va	I	It was my family I missed , but I had thought I missed performing .
va	I	Her lip trembled , but the girl smiled .
va	I	It was to no effect but Dr Soames tried to placate her .
va	O	我把窗户关着，但是即便如此，我还是能闻到山核桃烟那辛辣、浓烈的味道。
va	O	山姆期待地看着他，并且肖恩知道他被困住了。
va	O	他知道那一点，但是他不会放她自由。
va	I	The sandals made my legs look longer , and my hair had calmed down enough to be conventional .
va	O	我感到恐惧，并且我感到被背叛了。
va	I	I choose the ancient ways , and I choose what is available .
va	O	太多人离开了她，并且她不会再看着另一个人这样做。
va	O	我同意是早上了，并且我给她拿出了一个杯子。
va	I	The tied horses were more manageable , but the saddled horse was too nervy from the shooting to allow them near it .
va	I	I was afraid it was just a dream , but I loved the feeling of being able at last to touch him .
va	I	An undercurrent of real pride was still tripping along beneath but his nerves were raw , yes , .
va	O	王子注意到他们每个人脖子上都戴着一把装饰性的匕首，但是没有人去拿它。
va	O	她不确定是谁在取笑谁，但是她很享受这场游戏。
va	O	他点了点头，并且她继续了。
va	O	另一个人投了球，并且球弹离了篮筐。
va	I	I think the energy of the lamp was affecting us , and we were both in the grip of a major burn .
va	O	杰克走遍了主楼的每个房间，检查衣柜，并确保门都锁上了。
va	I	We don 't plan on searching for him -- not and CHAPTER TWENTY MAGGIE Fred went missing for about five minutes .
va	O	他把枪扔给了他的搭档，并且他们离开了坠机现场。
va	I	This morning he 's been tiptoeing around me , probably with what happened last night , but he 's actually pretty blunt , which I can handle .
va	O	我的思绪已经让我相信是莉莉丝了，但是还有其他玩家可能抓走了他。
va	O	我们以前经常开玩笑，而现在你却成了哑巴。
va	O	多年来她经常在那里吃饭，并且厨师总是对她报以友善的微笑。
va	I	I was still surprised to see how lifeless it looked without the students , but as I expected , the campus was deserted .
va	O	我的脸颊发烫，而且迪肯的傻笑也无济于事。
va	I	She spent of them only in winter , and Adara 's smiles were a secret store .
va	I	I selfishly wanted her to stay , but to some degree I did understand .
va	O	她看了看，决心要移除障碍，但是她却只看到了亚丁古铜色的皮肤。
va	I	Perhaps you can transmit it to someone and I 'll transmit our status in the blind .
va	I	I didn 't do it and this was a simple task .
va	O	卡伦的声音仍然有点沙哑，但是他听起来足够强壮。
va	I	There seemed to be fewer than he remembered dropping , yet it may have been his imagination .
va	I	Fear didn 't go anywhere , but in half a minute his consciousness cleared up a bit .
va	I	Obviously searching for something and he was hunched over .
va	I	I felt better just hearing her voice , and she promised to bring me home a salve .
va	I	I had risen to the occasion , and Adam had laid down the challenge .
va	I	She gritted her teeth , as the sound jarred her nerves and a child began to cry a few passengers ahead of her .
va	O	我蜷缩在睡袋里，并且温暖让人感到平静。
va	I	Kristen leaned out the window , and the women immediately erupted into chatter .
va	I	I jogged out to the Smurf , praying that it would start , and he nodded .
va	I	His cheek encountered something cold , and he rolled over , confused by the sound in his sleepy state .
va	I	I held my composure , but I wanted to melt .
va	I	The crazy , morning folk are still tucked away and even the nocturnal night people have turned in .
va	O	考虑到重量，他对此表示怀疑，但是她的提议很贴心。
va	I	I dropped my pencil , and the bell to end class startled me .
va	I	I moved in and Ray stepped aback .
va	O	那可能已经太晚了，做不了任何好事了，但是我还是慢慢地在留言板上打出了一句谢谢。
va	I	She could see no way to avoid his embrace , but she did not want Nate touching her .
va	I	If he dies , we all might die , and I have a very good friend who 's in a lot of trouble .
va	I	She knew it , and she had always had somewhat of an authority problem .
va	I	They were bringing up cannons , and the British seemed to be camped in a large open field .
va	O	他的肩膀很宽，并且他有一个阳刚的方下巴。
va	I	It was a large search area , but the Air Traffic Controlling Center gave your approximate last location .
va	O	客人们在服务时保持沉默，但是西蒙娜无法长时间避免不和。
va	I	The ghosts are from the home 's past as an insane asylum -- and experiments at a group home for troubled children lead to paranormal activity .
va	O	他们工作得太快了，并且这让我感到紧张。
va	O	回忆起那个夜晚，当时天空裂开了，并且他从充满光芒的裂缝中掉了出来。
va	O	曾经是一个充满各种疯子的大地方，但是它就这样逐渐衰落了。
va	I	Caroline needed to stop letting her hormones run rampant every time he showed up on the scene , and he was not a regular Joe .
va	O	我不相信你死了，雅各布，但是几周后，这都不重要了。
va	O	千层面冒着热气，而且那香味让我想起我实际上有多饿。
va	O	他俯视着她，咧嘴一笑，并且他的握力瞬间收紧了。
va	I	He didn 't want to put Angela on display for longer than necessary and his bedroom was on the opposite side of the house .
va	O	他死后，案件就搁置了，但是每个人仍在等待他们犯错。
va	O	这很稳定，并且这可能会给他带来比他那些东西更好的收入。
va	O	她感到双手被猛地一扯，并且它们就挣脱了。
va	O	那是东方，并且朱丽叶就是太阳！
va	I	I don 't know which one of us it is and I can feel my hand shaking in hers .
va	I	Expensive champagne would help blunt her disappointment , and she wasn 't going to get it .
va	I	Nate backs up , running his hands through his wavy hair and I furiously brush it away .
va	I	He wasn 't sure he would recognize it , and Desire wasn 't something he was familiar with .
va	O	伊芙低语道，疑惑着自己是否真的还在睡觉，并且这是一个奇怪的梦。
va	O	我感到他宽厚的手环绕我的脖子，抬起我的头发，并且几秒钟过去了。
va	O	如果她这样做，就无法回头了，但是她不确定自己是否还想回头。
va	I	That had never stopped her from attending before , but she hadn 't managed to finish the book .
va	I	The very reputation of the place served another purpose to Damian 's frame of mind , but the authorities liquidated some of them .
va	I	Letting him know with my eyes what I wanted , but I nodded , unable to say anything else .
va	I	They parted company at the door and devries insisted on picking up the tab .
va	O	我甚至不确定这种事是否可能，但是我想要尝试。
va	O	前门缓缓打开，并且一个黑影走了进来。
va	I	The sniper got a little closer and they slowed to watch .
va	I	Most of my motivations were strictly selfish , but I was worried that you 'd be miserable with a loser .
va	I	Already I 'm so absorbed in what 's happening that I don 't hear her at first , but I have only been watching for five minutes .
va	I	I felt truly blessed , and it was something wonderful to witness .
va	O	她想说些什么，但是既然雷恩没有主动开口，她觉得最好还是顺着他。
va	I	I like beer , and I swear too much .
va	O	他们几天前的亲吻和偷情难道毫无意义吗？
va	O	有时他对她的渴望让他变得生硬，但是她却很轻易地容忍了他。
va	I	He bit his lip to avoid laughing , and Gumshoe 's lips curled into a smile .
va	I	There isn 't any air and it 's freezing .
va	O	格伦的左眼中了箭，并且他还没倒地就死了。
va	I	Then Moon surprised me , and I must have struck a nerve because there was a long pause .
va	O	她把它别在耳后，并且我感觉到她的目光在我身上。
va	I	She had begun the job and her father had told her the Adams had need of a bartender during the hours she was open .
va	I	He walked into the bedroom , closing the door behind him , and Yuri rose , the shoulder hurting him acutely for a moment .
va	I	I tiptoed in behind him , my heart pounding as I glanced around , and he crossed the threshold on silent feet .
va	I	That of the moaning wind outside , but she was met with no response .
va	I	I pulled her to me , my eyes bored into hers , and she jerked .
va	O	我不知道你怎么样，但是我度过了一个美好的夜晚。
va	I	Dr. Rhodes ran through another few tests , to make sure my arm was in good shape and they used a saw to remove the cast .
va	I	Each gave her a kiss , and they looked in on mum , whose light was turning a brighter blue .
va	I	That was the only thing still where it should be , but it was there in his belt .
va	O	我知道他们不是来嘲笑我的小镇的，但是我希望这就是他们所期待的。
va	I	He didn 't try to say anything else , but Terrance 's eyes held that same puzzled look .
va	I	There it was , but I hated it .
va	O	这很奇怪，并且光是想到有奇怪的事情发生，就让兴奋在我血管中奔涌。
va	I	He doesn 't smile , but his eyebrows arch .
va	O	我的心在砰砰直跳，但是我无法思考。
va	O	叫喊声从房间对面传来，并且现场每个人的目光都落在了和我视线相同的那个地方。
va	I	What I did , I did out of concern for my loved ones , but my past is not clean .
va	O	我的下唇又开始颤抖了，并且我把它咬住，让这该死的玩意儿保持不动。
va	O	第一次爆炸声音很大，并且它震碎了大厅里仅剩的玻璃。
va	I	I found a great deal of humor in her current state of obliviousness , but I didn 't feel happy .
va	I	His throat appeared to clench and he seemed to have been avoiding eye contact .
va	O	她眼下的黑眼圈比两天前更深了，而且她精致的五官因疲惫而显得憔悴。
va	I	She was just fine with that , and all she could use as ammo were large ball bearings .
va	I	It was working , and Rafe knew she was only trying to bait him .
va	I	The others soon put him at ease but Joseph felt a little out of place at first .
va	O	我不是女性时尚专家，但是我真的很喜欢你今天穿的。
va	I	The bout was an enthusiastic one , but it was not the first time she had been ill lately .
va	O	如果我释放我的狼，整个院子就会失控，并且我们很可能会死。
va	I	Any unusual activities were being reported to the ever increasing numbers of soldiers and everyone was keeping a cautious watch on everyone else .
va	O	有一排排马车正在装载货物，并且还有一排马匹在等候。
va	I	I 'm sure they 're dangerous , but haven 't seen them work yet .
va	I	A man jumped up and Zane walked up to the front desk .
va	I	You know how it goes and one thing led to another .
va	I	That deal would be kept and he was released on a deal .
va	O	那似乎说服了她，并且她重新躺回床上。
va	O	狂欢者沿着百老汇街涌过，并且我们能听到几个街区外的联合广场上传来嘈杂欢乐的聚会声。
va	O	他们还有一分钟，也许两分钟，在声音会摧毁她的专注，并且野兽的咆哮会占据他之前。
va	I	Now that I look closer it is clearly two animals , but at first glance I mistook it for a winged lion .
va	O	他能在几秒钟内离开这里，并且没有人会知道他的耻辱。
va	I	I looked at the mother , but I was answering the blonde .
va	I	I 'm supposed to go set things up for it , but they 're supposed to have a party going on later .
va	O	他那时就离开了，没有等我回应，并且我眼中盈眶的泪水终于落下。
va	I	I knew that I really could fix his problem without doing any damage to his system , and I was confident now in my programming abilities .
va	O	一个黑影扑向他，并且他们撞破了卧室门。
va	O	蕾娜转身要走，但是芬恩抓住了她的手臂。
va	I	He laughed softly and her legs tightened around his hand .
va	I	Sometimes I couldn 't help it , but I didn 't want to do more damage than I had to .
va	O	她几乎无法吞咽，但是那不重要，因为她的喉咙因恐惧而异常干涩。
va	O	他的态度让我的思绪更加混乱，并且我突然不想再出去吃午饭了。
va	I	It was a rusty sound , painful to listen to , but Wyatt laughed .
va	I	She 'd been terribly afraid , and the violent tremors had rocked her for so long .
va	O	我想念我的未婚妻，并且我讨厌苏珊已经去世的事实。
va	O	山上的嘈杂声增大了，并且院子里的人群开始散开。
va	I	My body hummed and I was awake .
va	O	她的瞳孔因警觉而扩大，但是她没有退缩。
va	O	她能感受到他对她的沮丧，但是如果有可能他们会互相伤害，她就不会离开这里。
va	I	Eric 's grip was unshakable , but Iona tried to pull away .
va	O	食物的念头让她反胃，但是她知道如果她能设法强咽下一些东西，她会感觉好些。
va	I	Hope 's warning was not lost on him , and she 'd made it clear where her boundaries were .
va	I	His face was under control again , but he was still tense .
va	I	It is not very reliable , but I might have a way .
va	I	They were flanked by wide wooden pillars and Shallow carvings detailed their edges .
va	O	吐出草来，我试图再次站起来，但是这次是马库斯袭击了我。
va	O	恐惧的气味扑向他，并且他的獠牙露了出来。
va	O	一种不同的平静取代了汤姆胃中翻搅的焦虑感，并且他感到一股新的力量从内心深处涌出。
va	I	His left had rolled into a tight fist , but I couldn 't see Troy 's right hand .
va	I	I stopped to take in my surroundings and a crack resounded off the trees around me .
va	I	She made out a hard , swollen bump just above his left wrist , but it was difficult to find in the dark .
va	O	事情变化太大了，而且她意识到她生活在天堂的梦想正在她眼前溜走。
va	O	他正在给……什么东西拍照，并且我刚刚无意中听到了他的姓氏。
va	O	外面很黑，但是我怀疑她注意到了。
va	O	她僵住了，并且斯科特在注意到她的反应时挑起了眉毛。
va	O	朱莉的头又开始疼了，并且她胃里的翻腾又加剧了一点。
va	O	她迷路了，但是我我会帮助她。
va	I	Matthew sat behind her wrapping his arms around her , and she sat down in the soft , fragrant grass .
va	O	他们的身体像拼图的两块一样契合，并且他知道与她同床会证实这个想法。
va	O	你保留你找到的那一半，并且我会保管好我的那一份。
va	O	他对了，但是他不应该妄下结论。
va	I	Eveline couldn 't see the seal to know whom it may be from , but in his hand was a scroll .
va	I	She 'd had plenty of time to think about how he was suffering , but she 'd been unconscious when she 'd returned to her body .
va	I	Passing up a chance to see my boys live was insane , but I didn 't really want to find out her wicked plans .
va	I	She doesn 't care about everything in my past , and she makes me want to be a better person .
va	O	起初我担心他被咬了，但是我却找不到一丝痕迹。
va	I	Jenn 's and I 'll be at the apartment .
va	I	He pushed her back , and Devon had taken it as a challenge .
va	I	I realized he was smiling , and he put a hand on my shoulder .
va	O	这是她的第一个纹身，而且她仍然有点焦虑。
va	O	她的头低垂着，并且我想她睡着了。
va	O	凯尔朝他喊去，并且我则暗自发笑。
va	O	凉爽的空气涌进来，并且当我们道晚安时，我打了个冷颤。
va	O	她听了他的话深吸了一口气，并且她对控制的微弱掌控滑落了。
va	I	Then his pace quickened , but I began to regret having said those words to him during our date in St. Thomas .
va	I	It caught her attention , and this one was new .
va	O	一个身影挡住了她的去路，并且她惊讶地尖叫起来。
va	O	这里没有电，但是飞机上有电。
va	O	她没有穿飞行皮衣，并且她惊讶地发现寒意如此之快地渗入她的皮肤。
va	I	He still withdrew from me , going quiet as the grave , but my words were nowhere near as hardcore as the big 3 .
va	O	我立刻把它扶正了，但是从厨房里的寂静，我知道他们听到了。
va	I	A lot of the fun I was having was lost on him , and I had nearly forgotten about the boy .
va	I	He didn 't sound like a man intent on killing a female , but there was an edge of crazy that he 'd been looking for .
va	I	She nodded , although she wasn 't sure she was , and he murmured .
va	O	和我谈话的警官说那是正当防卫，并且我不会有麻烦的。
va	O	一想起我父亲的话，我的胃就一阵绞痛，但是我把它们压了回去。
va	I	He pushed her ahead of him , wanting more than anything to jerk her into the safety of his arms and Madeleine ground in her heels .
va	I	My lips covered her supple breast and I smiled as I took down my shorts .
va	I	It was just this wall of noise and Bob who worked there put it on .
va	I	A bank of stainless-steel cages filled the opposite side , and the room held a utilitarian table along one wall .
va	I	I didn 't , but I almost tried .
va	I	His close proximity startles me and putting back the mineral water , I turn .
va	O	他的目光落在马特的脸上，并且他的嘴巴张开了。
va	O	他的手伸向衣服的下摆，并且她抬起手臂更好地帮助他。
va	I	I felt divinely beautiful in my ecstasy , and my orgasm burst out like an opening flower , like a rose .
va	I	Dean stayed steady , but my feet lost their grip on the ocean floor .
va	O	泰的手滑过赞恩的头发，并且他在再次亲吻他之前拍了拍他。
va	I	Colt found himself stepping back as Brielle moved away , and the men scattered .
va	I	He will have her one day , but he doesn 't know how exactly .
va	O	我们进了电梯，并且它开始嗡嗡作响地向上层驶去。
va	I	A strange voice cut through the air and the door opened .
va	O	当我们到达门口时，它几乎应声而开，并且他走了进去，仍然抱着我。
va	O	有一刻我在舞厅昏暗的光线中什么也看不清，但是很快我能看清里面了。
va	O	他们的关系一直都很不稳定，但是他们的孩子被带走后，情况恶化了。
va	I	It was at least a story lower but there was a building beyond this one .
va	O	他没有借口可以给她，并且事实是……嗯，难以解释。
va	I	He told himself he was just eager to get started on the revenge for which he 'd waited so long and his hands itched to hold her .
va	I	Jane sat up and his microphone crackled .
va	O	第三天乌云密布，并且天亮得很晚。
va	I	Heart monitors and IV stands .
va	I	I took him to the storage room I 'd previously hidden the objects in , and we dressed .
va	I	It encircled her legs , his palm caressing her thigh under the flimsy skirt of her dress , but one muscular arm was under her knees .
va	I	The demons behind the glowing wall were crushed into oily black slurry , and she let out a hoarse cry of effort .
va	O	她看着他们走，直到他们消失不见，并且 然后她又说了一句严厉的命令。
va	I	Her answer never changed and she 'd been asked that question every day for the past two weeks .
va	O	我知道我才二十二岁，但是 我完全以为到这个年纪我就会成功了。
va	I	When it goes off it sprays the stuff out to fifteen yards , and the incendiary is loaded with white phosphorus .
va	I	I felt an aching , maudlin feeling in my heart and as I reached the main road , the Villa disappeared from sight .
va	I	That hope twists in my chest , and I hope to find out .
va	O	也许潜意识里她已经做出了某种决定，但是 无论如何她知道该怎么做。
va	O	他本以为会看到指责，但是 不知为何，他们沮丧的接受更令人沮丧。
va	I	Flopping weakly , a bloody froth leaking from his mouth , but he was not quite dead .
va	I	Helen couldn 't even hear what they were saying but the four others were arguing about politics .
va	I	They will not lead you astray and listen closely to their adherents .
va	I	He 'd never hoped to meet another woman after that and he 'd fallen in love with his wife in the eighth grade .
va	I	She had been looking forward to preparing tonight 's meal , but she hadn 't been looking forward to facing Darlene again .
va	I	His breath on my neck took it all away , but I should be disgusted by him .
va	I	At that moment I felt enraged , yet I 'd never felt anger towards her .
va	O	他朝我瞥了一眼时，我感到脸颊发热，并且 我低下头。
va	I	It was his absolutely tantalizing clean male scent that hit her first , but he was holding out a to-go cup of coffee for her .
va	O	我想念和乐队一起练习的日子，并且 这让我很生气，因为他们出卖了我。
va	I	He doesn 't , but I wait for him to pull his hand out of mine .
va	I	I hope he won 't go any further , but he may be past the point of reason .
va	O	一路上，赛琳娜发现自己默默地感谢着塞巴斯蒂安，但是 即使是在这种紧张情况下想到他，也让她心痛。
va	O	更新它会改变它的特质，并且 她喜欢这里形成的记忆。
va	I	She caught his stab on the hilt of her sword , and his confusion had given her time to recover as well , though .
va	I	His face was clean-shaven and now it was shoulder length .
va	O	我被打败了，并且他知道。
va	O	这可能会让我成为一个冷酷无情的混蛋，但是阿切尔的结局对我来说无关紧要。
va	O	他把脸转向另一个方向，但是他不会让她走。
va	O	他曾想去找玛蒂尔达打招呼，但是对珍妮的思念压倒了这种冲动。
va	I	Benji grabbed my wrist again , but I started to walk away .
va	O	我们是一个团队，但是你是我妈妈。
va	I	She was unable to sleep and horrible memories of her childhood filled her mind .
va	I	I was unable to decipher what the determination was for , but I could see a look of determination plaguing his face .
va	O	卡桑德拉打了个响指，并且最近的蜡烛，那顶着锥形帽的大红矮星，亮了起来。
va	I	Yet they wanted to avoid a messy divorce and the marital relationship was already on the rocks .
va	I	Then the spear had hit him , and he 'd been moving the cohort to secure that shaky flank near the woods .
va	O	埃文问了，但是他已经很清楚比利为什么在那里了。
va	I	His question pulled me away from my thoughts and Tony 's curiosity got the better of him .
va	O	它结束得太快了，而且我不想让它结束。
va	O	我睁开眼睛发现他正在穿衣服，并且我突然感到自己赤身裸体，非常暴露。
va	O	然后加里克让班级安静下来，并且尴尬又被推迟了一会儿。
va	O	他的膝盖一软，并且他摔倒了，伸出另一只手支撑自己。
va	I	It shocked him and he found an excuse to touch her elbow .
va	I	Paul seemed happy , but Tammie Lee might not be her first choice of a wife for her son .
va	O	现在她可以怜悯他了，但是愤怒却仍然存在。
va	I	She squeaked out a reply , and I heard her gasp , as her eyes widened in shock .
va	I	Then they were rushing into a narrow stairwell , and he pulled her hand , yanking her toward a metal door on the right .
va	I	My eyes grew heavy , and he touched my arm .
va	O	如果我们等到第一天，可能就太迟了，并且我可能会永远被困在那里！
va	O	那曾是年少的爱，但是他爱过她。
va	O	他占了她的房间，并且她一直没来过这里。
va	O	这是蜘蛛网上晨露之美与真正成为一只苍蝇之间的区别。
va	O	我本不想向她坦白，但是话语却脱口而出。
va	I	Everyone called him Jo-Jo , but his name was John .
va	O	那是一种本能的反应，并且我们正指望着它。
va	I	He knew it and it was true .
va	O	她可能只是坐着，但是她所做的一切都让我兴奋。
va	O	她终于任眼泪流淌，并且她在他怀里哭泣时身体颤抖着。
va	O	他离开了，并且他带着警察回来了。
va	O	他们的手碰触了，并且他们的目光相遇了。
va	I	Really , really filthy and my dad looks exhausted .
va	O	我给他写了信，但是他没有按我要求寄钱。
va	O	骑行是克拉丽斯年轻时的一大爱好，但是它只能让她忙碌一段时间。
va	I	His smiled died a quick death , and Javier saw me staring at him .
va	I	Just listening to her , I get a sense of a lively , friendly person , but I don 't really recall the photo of her dad .
va	I	His explanations didn 't make any sense ... especially the mock sun , but Jack was the smartest person I 'd ever met .
va	I	It tingled , but it didn 't hurt .
va	I	She lifted it to look at Cole and something brushed against the top of her head .
va	I	It wasn 't because they 'd been friends , but she 'd never be able to forget him .
va	O	他知道乔不能永远跟上他，但是他必须找到一种方法来彻底结束这场追逐。
va	I	The two entered the house , and the driver produced another key .
va	O	他回吻了我的脸颊，并且我咧嘴笑得脸都疼了。
va	I	Lily stopped struggling in Sven 's arms , and a wave of calm filled the room .
va	I	The radio blares to life , and I push the knob that says Power .
va	I	I slipped in with relief , and Macon pulled up .
va	O	他停顿了一下，判断我的反应，但是我仍然不确定该如何反应。
va	O	詹姆斯盯着它，并且他摇了摇头。
va	O	突然他把我转过来，但是我挣脱了他。
va	O	查理看向比利，但是他不在那里。
va	O	他曾是一名领导者，但是他并没有给约翰留下思想者的印象。
va	I	They 'd not even seen each other , and Sasha had dominated his thoughts from the first moment they met .
va	O	我有一个任务，并且我不会让任何事物阻碍我。
va	I	I could not see the black marble floor and the stairs were completely gone .
va	I	I was not going to leave you alone with them , and I knew what those young men had on their minds .
va	O	他们相拥而卧了很久，并且她听着他的心跳，直到她最终睡着。
va	I	She came up gasping and her head broke through .
va	O	她的目光撞上他的眼睛，并且朱莉窃笑了一下。
va	I	Maybe this was how it would happen , but it wasn 't her first choice .
va	O	她不想亲自和马可打交道，并且也许在专业上她需要退一步。
va	I	A thick green mist swirled around my body , and my hair began to blow wildly around me .
va	I	Rolls of ' fat ' swayed from his abdomen , and large rubber lumps protruded from his chest .
va	O	他的脸色不高兴，并且我不能怪他。
va	I	I help her out of the tub and she raises her arms .
va	I	Cain interrupted , but she asked .
va	I	Now the servants groaned , and Bellamy 's head snapped back .
va	O	听他这么说，我觉得这是一种赞美，但是我不确定。
va	O	我知道这不完全合理，并且我不知道该怎么解释。
va	I	They could see the ground far below them , but the light was too bright for them to see anything above them .
va	O	那座旧马车房吸引了她的目光，并且她朝它走去。
va	I	I was surely better than this guy , but I was pretty lousy myself .
va	O	通常，那是一段十五分钟的车程，但是最近正常开始变得不正常。
va	I	Now I 'm going to take you on an adult ride , but I 've played with you nicely for the last few times .
va	I	He was a light sleeper , and Jeff seemed to have some kind of mind reading ability happening right now .
va	I	I hadn 't seen him until we went on our training mission , and I was thinking about how he 'd been on standby for a while .
va	I	It certainly hadn 't been that , but he didn 't know what he 'd expected .
va	I	He was always desperate for one more game and I was Trevor ' s ultimate soccer opponent .
va	I	Kiara started thinking and Jake went inside .
va	I	They knew that it would not be long before she would go to the menstrual hut , and she looked heavy with child .
va	O	肖恩把我抱起来，并且我把腿环绕在他身上。
va	O	有几个其他男人在附近晃荡，但是我不认为他们和他是一伙的。
va	O	里面写满了字，但是笔迹不像我的。
va	I	Blue energy blossomed from her body and she grinned .
va	I	The power behind it was still alive , but Lea 's punches seemed to be getting sluggish .
va	O	我还在床上铺了一床又大又厚的被子，并且管子也拔掉了。
va	I	His eyes went wide and Adam 's mouth gaped .
va	O	吉姆开始说更多的话，但是他们听到水坝的一扇闸门滑开时发出的沉重轰鸣声。
va	O	我们是多年的朋友了，并且我需要远离卡西。
va	I	It was gone , but she struggled to find her breath .
va	O	一阵颤抖袭击了他，并且他愤怒地大喊。
va	I	The crowd roared and the intro continued .
va	O	亨特走近了，并且约翰迎向了他。
va	O	众人纷纷点头，并且斯凯能看到麦克斯在她眼角处咧嘴大笑。
va	O	布罗迪一回到工作岗位，梅肯就离开了，并且我被留在了一个几乎空无一人的酒吧。
va	I	She just settled down without releasing his hand , but Eric gave her a smiling frown of confusion .
va	O	他以一个恶意的问题开始，并且事情变得越来越糟。
va	O	他拉上了门，并且我听到了锁扣到位的声音。
va	O	她是个聪明的女人，并且我知道她能做到。
va	I	She had the means to defend herself and she was a woman full grown .
va	I	She managed to wash her long hair with only a little difficulty , but it was even tight for her .
va	O	我生他的气，并且他生我的气。
va	O	她不小心抓伤了我的手臂，但是那没什么。
va	I	She had until she 'd become pregnant , or Jamie had always been a sensible woman .
va	O	一听到沃恩的名字，我便僵住了，并且带子从我手中滑落，弹回了支架。
va	I	She had to swallow the bile rising in her throat , and the kiss sent shivers down her back .
va	O	她不情愿地把外套递给她们，并且三人像亲爱的姐妹一样拥抱。
va	O	我知道那过于简单化了，但是总比待在这里等着母船出现要强。
va	O	它只持续了一个月，但是那是最甜蜜的一个月。
va	I	She could never know the inner workings of their thoughts , but she could command them , force them to do Her will .
va	O	那个地方很荒凉，并且在任何其他情况下，它都会是完美的。
va	O	我喊了一声，并且他呻吟着。
va	O	她的脸颊恢复了一些摩卡色，但是她的眼睛仍然羞涩地移开。
va	I	Graham chose me to be in his , and we each had to perform in a piece .
va	O	那些话刺痛了我的心，并且我停了下来，僵在原地，在我转身之前。
va	I	Each time was better than the last and they had made love three times now .
va	O	气温终于降到了正常水平，但是对我来说仍然感觉不像冬天。
va	O	十节速度不够，但是总比没有好。
va	I	I feel something crumble inside me , and the words nearly break my heart .
va	O	他们早上有课，并且她得教书。
va	O	他几乎和阿瓦隆一样高，而且他每块肌肉在白色T恤下都清晰可见。
va	O	他被标记为集体坟墓，但是医护兵看到了什么东西转移了他的注意力。
va	I	He actually looked kind of sull en , and the smirk disappeared from Archer 's face .
va	O	她无辜的话语回到他耳边，并且这次他意识到了它们的全部影响。
va	I	Lacey hasn 't mentioned meeting her there again , and I haven 't been back to the Wellness Center since that first time .
va	O	那是个非常棒的休息，而且我们笑了很多。
va	O	热浪搅动着她的内脏，但是她把思想拉回到手头的任务上。
va	O	谋杀之谜加深了，而且矛头指向四面八方。
va	I	This time , I don 't stop , and I reach for her again .
va	I	She couldn 't stop feeling that way , but she knew it was a fruitless thought .
va	O	她的愤怒从不会无故降临在我们身上，并且它也从不会不经赎罪而平息。
va	O	我想问他是否认出了我，但是我 ZAI_EDITED_TEXT我知道这不是合适的时机。
va	O	到那时，他们不得不再次给马克斯注射镇静剂，并且我也失去了当天能再见到他的所有希望。
va	I	She lurched , tried to scramble away from him and he came down beside her on the bed .
va	O	他们中有些人穿着板甲，有些穿着锁甲，并且有些穿着硬化皮甲。
va	I	I stayed in bed most of the day , but I do not often like to be pampered .
va	O	另一张图片的清晰度比第一张差得多，然而它却无疑是一名四旬男子。
va	I	I 'm sure I can convince him that I 'm what he 's looking for , and he 's got what I 'm looking for .
va	O	我的脉搏在耳边剧烈跳动，并且纯粹的恐慌开始向我袭来。
va	I	Creativity wasn 't a big part of it and my life 's path had been decided for me a long time ago .
va	I	It 's such a turn-on , especially when she touches me back and touching her like that , especially in public , feels so forbidden .
va	O	米洛的眼睛因震惊而瞪大，并且他一时说不出话来。
va	O	米娅和雷娜塔阿姨一起住了三年，并且这与她和祖母一起过的生活非常相似。
va	I	He would not take it easy on her , but Julian 's gaze remained locked upon her , sympathy radiated from him .
va	O	刺客们在一般情况下喜欢夜晚，但是亡灵之城的夜晚则另当别论。
va	O	我不确定内特认识谁，但是我猜那些东西不会在当铺里出售。
va	O	我无法解释，但是他看起来几乎像是哭过。
va	I	This was supposed to be the major element in that paper and she was working on her doctoral thesis .
va	O	火焰在他周围跳动，并且莱德知道但丁很快就会复活。
va	I	They traded strained glances , and Benji noticed , too .
va	O	我试图忘记我们那可怕的夜晚，但是它开始在我脑海中重演。
va	O	他把手从背后移到她的身侧，但是这并非是为了控制她而做的尝试。
va	I	I 'd never have gotten to sleep , or I didn 't lay there too long .
va	O	看到密密麻麻的苏格兰人潮向我们散乱的队伍涌来，任何士兵都难以承受，并且他们的士气崩溃了。
va	O	他猛地直起身子，并且我才后知后觉地意识到他一直弯下身子，把脸凑近我。
va	O	诺曼感受到了电动机的轰鸣，但是没有真正的运动感。
va	I	He imagined the effect to be reduced if surrounded by more company and the mausoleum disturbed him .
va	O	她在多米尼克的唇间喘息，但是他没有放开。
va	O	他们喜欢在自己人之间玩点扑克，并且他们让我发牌。
va	I	He held up his hand , and she reached for another saucer .
va	O	我知道她曾经用酒瓶打过他，但是和她谈过后我真的觉得那是反射行为。
va	I	I turned to find him sitting on the bed watching me , and he cleared his throat .
va	O	他没有感到尴尬，并且他也没有后悔他所做的事情。
va	O	我感到一股热浪扑面而来，泪水涌上眼眶，并且妖精消失在火焰中。
va	I	It must use up a lot of her powers , but I 'm not exactly sure how she possesses her host bodies .
va	O	她不知道今晚为何如此不安，但是她想这和天气有关。
va	I	Yet it was desirable and it was like not existing .
va	O	他饥渴的目光让我的脸颊泛红，并且当他触碰我时，我太清楚他手指的温暖了。
va	O	柯斯蒂正高兴地滔滔不绝地讲着她蜜月的事，并且塔米放松到足以乐在其中。
va	O	我在第三次SAT考试中途哭了起来，并且我停不下来。
va	I	I chose that moment to just watch him sleep and if I moved any more he might wake up .
va	I	His chest felt as tight as if he were wearing a corset of his own , and his cock rubbed uncomfortably against his jeans .
va	O	我看着他畏缩了一下，并且我向他撅起了嘴。
va	O	我们的公交车靠站了，并且我拉了拉西蒙。
va	I	She slowly drew lines down to her breasts and her fingers then touched her neck .
va	I	I hold up my hand as if that reiterates my point , and all five of my fingers are extended with my list .
va	O	我试图呼唤他，但是发出的只有呜咽声。
va	O	她在那里，但是瑞奇不在。
va	O	他的嘴唇分开了，并且一股暖流旋入夜空。
va	I	The idea of zipping up in a sleeping bag to ease the suffering lay years in the future , and down hunting clothes weren 't universally available .
va	O	这对他来说都变得难以承受了，但是他知道他的时间不多了。
va	I	I filed out and my bus stopped .
va	I	I had to stop to take a look , and Bull pointed over to it as we passed .
va	I	I knew in my heart that Connie was there , but Rita seemed disgusted .
va	I	I think I 'm going to lay down , but I don 't mean to rush you out .
va	I	I can 't say it bothered me , but I knew she was caring for him .
va	I	I still check , but there 's never anything there .
va	I	No one had seen them , but I had a room stocked with my paintings .
va	I	She let herself imagine he 'd done it because he 'd wanted to see her again , but he probably always walked through the foyer .
va	I	I flinched at the wild look in his bloodshot eyes , and he spun around .
va	I	She had thought her life was screwed up , and Lord have mercy .
va	I	I fought my father 's decision , but at the time , I had no idea of any of this .
va	O	我把它从膝上拿出来，并且我们爬下了龙。
va	I	Gossamer curtains ripple in the breeze , and Sunlight slants into my unfamiliar bedchamber from arched windows , filling the space with a cream-colored haze .
va	I	They could get round that embarrassment by claiming it was edgy but the location was cheap .
va	O	这次没持续那么久，但是它仍然是个大家伙。
va	O	我刚刚失去了阿黛尔，虽然她不知道，并且我对任何针对维尔的嘲弄都感到异常敏感，特别是那种方式的。
va	O	她的心在她胸口剧烈跳动，并且她不希望那种眩晕感结束。
va	O	我的钱包很大，里面装满了比我实际需要更多的东西，但是里面没有任何东西像武器。
va	I	As the boys watched , they found themselves doubting her reputation and she looked frail .
va	I	There was a slight chill in the air and the sun had gone down .
va	I	Danica knew it could take years to change behaviors , and they 'd had only a few short sessions together .
va	O	我碰巧觉得有些食物非常美味，但是这并非必需。
va	O	她闷声笑了，并且阿基瓦，在飘忽中，开始相信他已经死了。
va	I	My heart doubled its speed , and I bit back a scream .
va	O	弗朗哥还活着，并且如果任何人能拼搏出一条路来，他就能。
va	O	人们在前几天向窗户投掷石块，并且夜间的枪声有时会把他从不活跃模式中震醒。
va	O	我看着时间戳向前跳动，并且我以为我看到了泽维尔移动。
va	O	我没有看到任何可能通往其他房间的门，但是我也没有期望会看到。
va	I	He swats my hand away , but my fingers seek the hem of his shirt .
va	I	I don 't want to see your reputation go to hell and you need to make the money back for the stud fee .
va	O	你可能是一名心理学家，但是你不了解珍妮，不像我了解的那样。
va	O	我进来时立刻就注意到了他，并且他也感觉到了我。
va	I	The Company Commander was already at his desk but it was early .
va	I	She pressed a hand against his chest , holding him back , but her lips parted as he neared the apex of her legs .
va	O	我以前能更好地了解他，但是我能感觉到他正在故意将我拒之门外。
va	I	I hate seeing you wasting away and I wish to see him happy .
va	O	有些不对劲，并且每个人都能感觉到。
va	O	她的声音保持着她一贯的强硬语气，但是我能看出她是认真的。
va	I	He declined until she forced him to taste some , but she reciprocated .
va	I	I wonder if it will ever be topped , and the spectacle was so breathtaking I couldn 't sleep .
va	O	几个大木桶里装满了看起来很美味的苹果，并且漂亮的装饰品挂在天花板上。
va	O	奥隆把他的女儿放了下来，并且小女孩跑了出去。
va	I	That expertise had earned him the moniker of Dragon , and the guy was a martial arts expert .
va	O	他们笑了，但是她的头太疼了，无法加入。
va	O	他的脸色变得更难看，并且她摇了摇头。
va	O	我知道把事情做好是什么感觉，并且我知道如果你搞砸了会是什么感觉。
va	I	He hurried to find the source and the floor was slick with blood .
va	I	We always stick together , and we are family now .
va	O	她的感官变得狂乱，并且她艰难地吞咽了一下。
va	O	杰登无法生育，并且我想要一个继承人。
va	I	Leah wasn 't done and Lucien didn 't share this .
va	I	She wanted the paycheck just as bad as he did , but she knew Boone had the ability to win the bet .
va	I	Then he smiled , and he waited until she looked at him .
va	O	我绝不想你再回到这里，并且我绝不想再见到你。
va	O	她一直想在好运镇有个朋友，并且现在她有了一个。
va	I	The boy halted in his tracks , and it dropped to the green grass .
va	I	More worry twisted my stomach , and a thought occurred to me .
va	O	到那时这一切都将结束，并且每个人都将回到镇上寻找他。
va	O	特里斯坦走到我身边，并且他把手放在阿比盖尔身上。
va	O	她周围的所有女孩都在盯着看，并且她预计随时都会听到地窖门打开的声音。
va	I	Even though it wasn 't as elaborate , she loved it , and the new one fit better .
va	I	I raised Vic once more , and they slowly advanced on me .
va	O	我转过身，并且蕾亚站在厨房里，等待着。
va	O	中间那个兄弟偶尔会去俱乐部，但是钱德勒是个常客，根据她发现的。
va	O	我没有所有信息在手边，但是我今晚回家后可以给你发邮件。
va	I	The game was over fifteen to one , and it didn 't take too long .
va	I	Her face flushed red and Mandy 's hands shook .
va	O	水太冷了，并且黑暗已经吞噬了她。
va	I	She hated seeing him with that raw red hole in his chest , but she smiled a weak smile .
va	I	He takes it as an invitation and I slide a hand up to his neck .
va	I	She heard it in his voice but she couldn 't see his smile .
va	I	His awareness doesn 't stop him , but he 's aware of it too .
va	O	钳子收紧了，但是我心里却没有感觉到生命力正在一点点地流失。
va	I	Greasing the right palms and shaking the right hands .
va	I	That was beyond awesome and she wasn 't shy .
va	O	她可以对任何人撒谎，但是她不能对自己撒谎。
va	I	She knew better , but it was almost enough to make her vow it would never happen .
va	O	我一直无法鼓起勇气回电话给她，直到为时已晚，她已消失在视线之外。
va	O	我现在也许能够自卫对抗他们，但是我的一部分仍然害怕他们。
va	O	它咔嗒一声，并且塔米僵住了。
va	O	他看起来很感兴趣，并且我继续喋喋不休，给了他远超他可能想要的信息。
va	O	沙恩非常有耐心，而且是个很不错的家伙，他要被惹恼需要付出很大努力。
va	I	His shoulders relaxed , and he smiled then .
va	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to control it .
va	I	Then he went at it again , and his head turned slightly to get a better angle .
va	O	加里的目光转向达拉，并且她难以置信地摇了摇头。
va	I	His body was pleasantly warm and he wrapped his arms around me .
va	O	他们预计一小时内抵达西摩，并且普雷斯顿将油门提高到75%的功率。
va	O	也许我也应该犹豫的，但是我得知艾丹的收入不比我高多少。
va	O	马克其实是他的中间名，但是他很生这个孩子的气，因为他就是不肯闭嘴。
va	I	The sunlight remained , and the weather was calm .
va	O	背景中时钟滴答作响，并且我包里的日记本也仿佛在对我尖叫。
va	O	也许不是莱尔，但是还有别人。
va	I	I suggested Joseph after my father , but Richard wants to name him Laurent .
va	O	霍勒斯爵士的脚飞了出去，并且伴随着罐头堆倒塌的恐怖声响，霍勒斯爵士摔倒在地。
va	O	小雨开始下了起来，并且我们结束了比赛，身上沾满了微小的水珠。
va	I	He decided not to tell her what was awaiting them in the cave , and no , she had no idea .
va	O	他可能是一个墨守成规的人，并且这证实了他确实认为这是一场紧急情况。
va	O	他的爪子抓进我的背里，有点弄疼我，但是这种疼痛我乐意承受。
va	O	泰晤士河结冰并不常发生，并且任何男孩都会想看到它。
va	O	我姐姐很喜欢火烈鸟，而且它们无处不在。
va	I	She began smoothing out her hair , and Trenton immediately caught her eye .
va	O	他脸色苍白，但是脸色苍白不意味着你死了，所以她努力保持理性。
va	I	I liked the French , and as everyone knows , they were the opposite of the French .
va	O	布林简要地叙述了村子里发生的事情，并且那对凡人交换了一个惊讶的眼神，尽管他省略了更离奇的细节。
va	I	We walked back through the gardens toward the main hotel , and she grabbed my arm .
va	I	I 'm not doing a great job , but I try to hold in my laughter .
va	I	She 'd never accepted , but he 'd asked Vivian out on occasion .
va	I	Since the keep she 'd been subdued , but she 'd always been a lively girl .
va	I	The sense of abandonment I experienced was overwhelming , and Dad 's not here to help me anymore .
va	O	当芬恩的手指触碰到她的脖子时，她颤抖了一下，并且当他把手拿开时，血染红了他的指尖。
va	I	She didn 't feel like explaining herself further , but it was obvious from the skeptical look in his blue eyes that he totally didn 't see .
va	O	我今晚很无礼，并且他还是来找我了。
va	I	Right now , his thoughts were on Molly , but he 'd call Ty from his cell phone in a few minutes .
va	O	你来动脑子，并且他来出力气。
va	O	这是一个突然的变题，并且显然巴克斯不乐意那个惊艳的女人出现在他的城市附近。
va	I	They couldn 't stand to be apart , and each just knew where the other was .
va	I	She 's never done anything that desperate for anyone , and I 've known that woman for a long time .
va	I	Sara tumbled in , feeling the darkness close in around her and another hole came out of the blue .
va	O	莎拉毫不客气地把我拽了进去，并且我们俩都摔在了地上。
va	I	His lips were soft against mine , but Chapter Five His kiss was firm .
va	I	I knew he had made his last protest , and when I pulled him out from under the bed , I saw that his eyes had clouded .
va	O	他能看到桅杆，并且麦克布莱德正在向前去设置风帆，尽管没有升起它们，就在这条河里。
va	O	他的下巴动了动，并且他的眼睛眯了起来。
va	I	It 's too ingrained from everyone 's time in the hordes but I wish I could put a stop to this kind of thinking .
va	I	He never wanted to let her out of his sight again , and his protective instincts were on overdrive .
va	O	两名卡车司机坐在柜台旁，并且一名穿着警长制服的男子正在后角落喝咖啡。
va	O	妈妈朝他踉跄过去，但是德夫把她推开了。
va	O	我满意地点了点头，但是那自鸣得意的表情消失了。
va	O	我在车库里猛地停下，并且塔米全力撞到了我身上。
va	I	Amusement definitely hovered near , but Daniel wasn 't smiling .
va	I	When he came back to himself it was like my mother 's spell was completely broken and he made a last minute miraculous recovery .
va	I	He stopped her but she reached for the light .
va	I	She took a deep breath , and Renna 's stomach fluttered .
va	I	We 'll double and if you want to invite Shane Adams , I can find a date .
va	I	He flew off of me with a gasp and I kicked him dangerously close to the crotch .
va	O	他们看起来像在流血，但是他们却一如既往地干燥。
va	O	你在中国大陆时被拖去过太多这样的事情，并且你似乎从未在那里享受过它们。
va	O	很快他们俩都会后悔的，但是她会将所有的懊悔留到另一天。
va	I	Then you 'll feel the power starting to build up inside you , and you 'll feel very strange for a moment .
va	O	你在努力拯救生命，并且他很高兴提供帮助。
va	O	一天还没过半，并且我已经感到体力不支了。
va	I	Morrow must be parched and sadly I didn 't .
va	O	远处波浪轻轻拍打，并且树木在微风中沙沙作响。
va	I	It smiled then in stuck its tongue out and he had a clown face on the coat .
va	I	He unfolded it with careful concentration , and the sheathed blade had been wrapped in slinky indigo silk .
va	I	He could be patient , but her stare was guarded now .
va	I	I knew it wasn 't safe , but most of them were harmless bums , runaways .
va	O	卢卡斯一定在这里，但是我找不到他。
va	O	我是月光，并且他是黑色的火焰，足够明亮以至于它在田野上投下阴影。
va	I	The rest are focused on their tablets , but one older gentleman looks out the window .
va	I	It had changed once more , but the picture was still there .
va	I	Please share them and enjoy the stories !
va	O	我的脚越来越冷，并且我开始呼吸得更慢，更浅。
va	O	诚实的声音不会回应，但是这个新的声音未经警告就闯了进来。
va	I	She motioned him out of the Jeep , but Owen felt as if he was intruding on her private time .
va	I	I couldn 't do much for it , but I realized my face betrayed my surprise .
va	I	There she wore a simple string of pearls and her pink blouse was open at her throat .
va	O	去年生活可能给了她一些打击，但是曾黛拉并没有轻易倒下。
va	O	她比我大很多，但是她住在我的街区。
va	O	他儿子的肩膀垂了下来，并且他的兄弟们在他旁边吃吃地笑。
va	I	She forced herself to concentrate on the void , and her focus wavered in front of her .
va	I	The confusing thoughts vanished as if they 'd never existed and her head reeled again .
va	O	他们三个人互相看了看，并且瑞秋无助地吞咽了一下。
va	O	她裹着毛巾进了屋，并且我告诉她如果想的话可以洗个澡。
va	I	Nothing like the grandeur of the bordello , but it was pleasant .
va	O	他们可能不再在玫瑰木大厅里互相嘲讽了，但是他们也不会在Steam一起坐。
va	O	我们转过一个街角，并且我听到模糊的喊叫声。
va	I	Then I shouldn 't have been surprised at being out of the loop , but that was news to me .
va	I	In this room , Jonesy was singled out by Suzi , but it looked exactly the same as the one before .
va	I	Flung them into the fire and Claire tore loose more pages .
va	I	That caused the Wanderers to abandon their circle strategy as they started in on him , and this required him to stop moving .
va	O	她转过身走进厨房，并且我们跟着。
va	I	I remember my dare and there is a sword leaning against the throne .
va	I	He must have , but Tessa had not seen Will pass it to Charlotte .
va	I	I was helpless against her and she moved my soul , the very depth of my being .
va	O	我注意到外面的那个人，詹姆斯，但是他没在我经过时搭理我。
va	O	他想逃离那些记忆，但是它们像海浪一样涌来，淹没了他的感官。
va	I	He gave it to her and it 's a rare gift .
va	O	它的沮丧显而易见，并且蒂米再次介入。
va	O	金伯利不知道该怎么办，但是她需要时间思考。
va	I	The hand on my shoulder paused and his leg muscle tensed .
va	O	凯特明智地决定不那样做，并且他睁开了眼睛。
va	I	The sun was on our backs , and it was late afternoon by now .
va	O	你毕业了，并且你继续前行。
va	O	身体上他垮了，并且精神上也变了，变得更单纯了。
va	I	There was more to be done , but Preston shook his head in wonder .
va	I	By then , every Brute on Xavier knew where I was , and there was no doubt the Scroll was on the top level .
va	I	Vidalia looked at the clock , and her sisters huddled around her .
va	O	我的胃因眼前的景象而翻绞，并且我把下巴更紧地抵在膝盖上，好像是为了保护自己。
va	I	Roddy scampered off to play with his blocks , and Rod put the youngster on the floor .
va	O	可能还稍微有点早，但是所有这些在这些沟壑中绕避障碍的操劳已经让我彻底筋疲力尽了。
va	O	她向来不喜欢胡须，但是在他身上她却喜欢。
va	I	She wanted him inside her more , but Alana wanted to punch the guy .
va	I	Helen 's body felt as if it were wrapped in a warm , soft cloud , and the world quieted around them .
va	I	She never left her partner in trouble , and Jaxon never stopped until it was over .
va	I	I told myself : calm , and when he pressed me into the sheets my muscles coiled against the coming finality of our union .
va	O	Jazz可以放心地提供她的信息，并且我们以不同的方式达成我们的目标。
va	O	她似乎相信了我，这种解脱对我来说是一种释放。
va	I	She quickly squirmed away but the man took her by the shoulders .
va	I	He knew it would help prevent infections , but Billy poured hydrogen peroxide into their cuts which caused the dogs to yelp .
va	O	他出现在那儿肯定有原因，并且我猜想可能有人在监视他。
va	O	我无法想象丽贝卡来我家的任何理由，但是她的时机确实完美。
va	O	他把它扔到他们身后，并且发出了响亮的嘶嘶声。
va	I	An eye peered out , and the door opened slightly .
va	O	我的胃部扭动着，但是我告诉自己会没事的。
va	I	The buildings in the old town are painted pink , and the landscape is beautiful .
va	O	我们在我的床上，而且你下班回家了。
va	I	He couldn 't back down once provoked -- not from anyone , but he didn 't want to harm her gorgeous face .
va	O	如果我能支配这个男人，就会引起一场骚乱，而且族群会继续骚动不安。
va	O	薇芙把她的背包系在椅子上以免它漂走，但是我拼命地抓着我的钱包。
va	I	She 'd hoped he could be a good father , and she 'd dreamed of them having children one day .
va	O	她的喉咙收紧了，而且她艰难地吞咽了一下。
va	O	维多利亚已经完全长大了，而且与马提尼克所预期的不同。
va	O	我的声音很紧绷，而且我希望我能在他身边，这样我就可以狠狠地揍他一顿，直到他哭出来。
va	I	They hopped onto the bike and Riley tossed a helmet to her .
va	O	尼克能听到不止一个声音加入进来，但是它们太微弱了，无法分辨他以前是否听过。
va	I	Right now she needed to think and Jamie thought better when she moved .
va	O	我张开嘴，试着说话，但是我却说不出话来。
va	O	她又发出了一个声音，并且这次听起来她像是实际的身体疼痛。
va	I	It took a few minutes for me to remember where the hell I was and xoxo Jessica Chapter 6 My eyelids cracked open to an unfamiliar ceiling .
va	O	她领他进入她的卧室，并且当他注意到墙上那张五英尺高的、她扮演美女与野兽摆姿势的海报时，他停了下来。
va	I	Jael must be dead , and he needs medical attention .
va	I	Everyone expected him to propose and they were getting pretty serious .
va	O	她知道如果迈基没有早已成为她生活的一部分，她可能会爱上米洛斯，并且米洛斯也知道这一点。
va	I	Julia could still hear him tell the cop that foul play may have been involved , but he lowered his voice .
va	O	在又上了几节课之后，就到了午餐时间，并且我找到了去自助餐厅的路。
va	I	A hiss of smoke rose from the cavity 's mouth and with a poof the cave belched out its final passionate burning kiss .
va	O	他们是一对已婚夫妇，人很好，但是我感觉我打扰了他们。
va	O	我怀疑罗斯甚至没有多想这件事，但是我自周五以来却想了好几次。
va	I	Zora seemed to have softened up to Hilda , but Zora used to get easily annoyed by Hilda .
va	O	他仍然不记得我，但是面具戴好了。
va	I	This guy , whoever he was , his betrayal had been more devastating because of it , and her heart had been involved .
va	I	Headlights shine at my back and cars are pulling out behind me .
va	I	The zombie had gotten inside the knight 's shield but it was on his sword .
va	I	My words don 't object but I put my hand up in refusal .
va	I	I screwed up and I got scared .
va	O	他们没有匆忙，并且他们没有感到惊慌。
va	O	她毫无疑问地知道自己爱上了他，而且她也知道他们没有共创未来的机会。
va	O	她因他的言论而显得害怕，但是他太生气了，无法为此悔改。
va	O	我的双手张开以保护自己免于跌倒，并且那罐发胶滚下了台阶。
va	O	毫无疑问，我看起来糟透了，但是查尔斯对此视而不见。
va	O	凯把我拉近，并且我依偎过去，闭上眼睛。
va	O	罗里空着的那只拳头猛地抬起，并且她朝科温顿的脸打去。
va	O	像那样的恶魔必须被召唤，并且它们会留在召唤者身边。
va	O	哈桑在他们离开前又看了一眼自己的家，并且他眼中带着怒意吐了口唾沫。
va	I	She didn 't want to risk losing his friendship and she 'd only hung on longer than that because they were comfortable together .
va	O	有敲门声，并且门开了。
va	I	A violent tremor rocked his frame , and he watched dawn break across my face .
va	I	She felt the tip of him prodding at her center and he lay between her thighs .
va	O	塔莎的眼睛因兴奋而发亮，但是她用沉着镇定掩饰了它。
va	O	我不知道为什么，但是我无法忍受她的眼泪。
va	I	He was right , but Kate shook her head .
va	I	I felt my skin begin to prickle , and he stared at me for a few seconds .
va	I	I held her close , knowing for certain that the next year would be the longest in my life and we kissed .
va	O	我也很清楚那些血很可能是我自己的，但是我真的不再在乎了。
va	I	When I confronted him , he laughed at me , and he was setting traps out in the countryside where we grew up .
va	I	Her cheeks burned and Miss Lloyd recoiled .
va	I	We must make our way across town , and the party is in half an hour .
va	O	我的想象中的追逐变成了一场非常真实的追逐，因为克利福德追逐着那只飞奔的兔子，而我则跟着他。
va	I	Cassie turned to go , and Sally began to shout more instructions to the cafeteria workers .
va	O	很快他就成了他信任的人，并且通过研究老人的行为，他学会了和他一样熟练。
va	I	It came eventually ; but they interviewed for some time before they got the line they were waiting for .
va	O	我 不喜欢 那个 主意，但是 我 认为 他 可能 是 对的。
va	I	She had to make sure , but it was a long shot .
va	I	It only seemed appropriate to see what all the fuss was about , and we 'd been newly anointed high schoolers .
va	I	She 's running again and my hand slips from her arm .
va	I	Although she doesn 't respond , I can see it in her eyes , and I ask .
va	I	My nostrils widen and my fingers curl inwards .
va	O	那时 你 一切 都 打理得 很好，并且 你 将 成为 一个 人物。
va	I	She didn 't press me on it either , but she didn 't look to buy my fake smile .
va	I	He hasn 't been part of mine , and I 've not been part of his life for twenty years .
va	I	Richard didn 't , but dozens of people entered .
va	I	We were now free and an idea struck me as I realized I 'd made it through an entire school day .
va	O	这事 发生 在 科尔曼 失踪 的 四天 前，并且 那 男人 带着 苦涩 说话。
va	I	I waved back , although I couldn 't remember his name , and another student waved at me .
va	I	Booze is delicious , but Food tastes awful .
va	O	特拉维斯 试图 看清 她 在 老 酒吧 里 做 了 什么，但是 坦率地说，他 没 看清。
va	O	他 放了 手，并且 一股 深红色 的 血液 像 没 压力 的 花园 水管 一样 喷涌而 出。
va	I	Satisfaction surged through me , and she cried , panicked .
va	I	My mother desperately wanted more , but I was an only child .
va	O	所有 的 部落 都 驱逐 了 他们 的 异教徒，并且 他们 聚集 起来 形成 了 一股 强大 的 力量。
va	O	一个 愚蠢 的 决定，因为 我 被 击倒了，并且 茉莉 还是 死了。
va	O	他们 走向 我，并且 在 那 一刻 我 的 任务 变得 非常 真实。
va	I	It startled the creature , but the soft white light was not enough to blind Riley .
va	O	他的声音在最后几个字上嘶哑了，并且他把头埋进手里。
va	I	Niu had not expected him to , and he made no effort to relax .
va	O	我的嘴唇因他短暂的触碰而发麻，并且我抬头看向他的眼睛。
va	I	I wonder if she is trying to rid herself of some awful image and she takes in a jagged breath as she shakes her head .
va	I	I knew it and he was right .
va	I	We 're all alone but I look for help .
va	I	They were people who were known to him , and this man had seen worse on a daily basis .
va	I	He 'll welcome you with open arms and ask Jesus to forgive you .
va	O	他那时崩溃了，并且一个年长的女人走到他身边安慰他。
va	I	She felt the impact through every nerve in her body , and a rock the size of a grapefruit hit her on the elbow .
va	O	说出来让我很痛苦，但是现在断绝关系总比他伤透我的心之后再断要好。
va	I	She shrugged her indifference and I lowered my hands .
va	I	I walked over to the garbage can to throw them away and Taylor handed me his plate .
va	O	他的嘴唇在动，但是他已超出我的听力范围。
va	O	变形者带着一声低吼停了下来，并且肖恩也回敬了他一声。
va	I	I smile at the look of shock in her eyes , and she snaps up quickly , her head whirling around toward me .
va	O	我们约定了一个时间，并且我挂断了电话。
va	O	一股热潮正涌上我的脖子，但是我无法抑制笑容——直到我瞥见艾蔻。
va	O	艾丹瞥了我一眼，并且我笑了，走到他身边。
va	O	另有事情发生了，并且我正尽可能地保持它的安静。
va	I	Yet she was also her own woman , and Sarah was so like Elizabeth .
va	O	他的嘴唇苍白，但是他的脸颊泛红。
va	O	它安然无恙，并且他轻笑了。
va	I	I began to gather the ingredients and he handed me the recipe for the cranberry nut bread .
va	I	Chance 's Daughter would probably win the five top races of the year , and he had plenty of other horses that would do well .
va	I	I was totally taken back this time but usually I was the best in Mathematics .
va	I	Olivia found herself glancing back over her shoulder , but she hurried to keep up with Case .
va	O	酒保使用了遥控器，并且音量开始升高。
va	O	我扶她起来，并且我们走向门口。
va	O	我的肩膀塌了下来，并且我把目光移开。
va	O	布道开始了，并且窃窃私语声停止了。
va	I	People don 't care anymore , and it 's 1920 , a new decade .
va	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，并且赛恩抬起了头。
va	O	小安布罗斯在追寻一种感觉，但是这足以支撑他继续下去。
va	O	起初，马修很难理解他所看到的一切，但是后来他意识到安蒙已经活了几百年了。
va	I	He responded well and I spoke to him as I would a faithful servant .
va	O	她没有跑去告诉其他狼群关于茱莉亚的事情，并且茱莉亚是安全的。
va	O	事实上，我们需要帕特，但是他需要展翅高飞。
va	O	六个月前他们还是男孩时就离开了，但是艰苦的训练对他们两人都很有益。
va	I	He had to propagate the lie but Richard was now in deep water .
va	I	Very little light filtered through the gray clouds , but Dawn was on the horizon .
va	O	他上次见到她时，她看起来不太好，而且在最坏的情况下，她可能真的已经去世了。
va	O	他把她扔过了房间，并且她撞在了对面的墙上。
va	I	We have separate purposes , but part of me wants to see March more than anything .
va	I	His vision started to blur as he stumbled down the sloping lawn towards the wooden boat dock and he could see stars in front of his eyes .
va	O	他脸上仍带着那抹斜斜的笑容，但是他的眼睛却是黑的。
va	I	Sure enough , it 's painted shut , and she shows me the window in question .
va	O	他似乎在等着什么，但是她却不知道那是什么。
va	I	I don 't know fully what 's going on , and you 're going through a lot that I 've missed .
va	I	She let the men have their time , but still so much more work to do .
va	O	他俯身向前，并且她许了第二个愿望，他的愿望，希望他这次不要退缩。
va	O	人群安静了一会儿，但是慢慢地，一股愉快的暗流涌现。
va	I	The expression in her eyes belied her tone , but Isabel 's voice was pleasant .
va	O	她费力地试图抬起她疼痛的头，但是她的身体却用一股刺向太阳穴的剧痛回敬了她。
va	O	她说话时我感到头昏眼花，并且我不确定我是否听清了她的话。
va	O	那辆Z型车轰鸣着启动了，并且迈克疾驰过来，通过敞开的窗户向我挥手。
va	O	过去已是过去，并且亨利的人们似乎照常行事，仿佛一切都没有改变。
va	I	It 'd be a fun little reunion for her to see what he looked like , and he was going to be at the wedding .
va	I	She didn 't hit send , but she began to dial 911 .
va	O	他将手合拢在面前的空气中，并且一股无形的力量勒紧了我的喉咙。
va	I	You have no loyalty and you 're all animals .
va	I	I am stunned enough to allow him for a moment before I resist and he yanks me along .
va	O	亚历克斯正在给他们拿几瓶啤酒，并且之后他就会去和阿什利会合。
va	O	从光线来看，当时是中午，但是她仍然很疲倦。
va	O	他启动了它，并且我们沿着田间小路上的车辙前进。
va	I	Madeline did , too , and Emma burst out laughing .
va	I	He 'd be happy to get his woman in his bed , and his men could finish off what he started .
va	I	We all watch the footage of the arrest silently , and it was the small mistakes that got them caught .
va	O	他的眼下有黑眼圈，并且他那淡金色的头发有些凌乱。
va	O	照片上充斥着大火的强光，并且大量的烟雾使得很难判断出比例。
va	I	I yearn to know , but I am embarrassed to ask such a pitiable question .
va	I	I stepped out and the door opened again .
va	O	肯不相信所发生的一切，但是它确实发生了。
va	O	我感觉我们正处于某个重大事件的边缘，并且如果我说错话，那个时刻就会永远逝去。
va	I	A gym bag lay inside and the locker popped open .
va	I	He wouldn 't cry , but an overpowering anger consumed him .
va	I	Now it was too much time instead of too little , but Time remained the enemy .
va	I	Our marriage was one of convenience more than anything , but Jacob could be sweet when he wanted to .
va	O	他们不敢相信自己刚刚看到的一切，但是不知为何，他们必须鼓起力量继续前行。
va	I	Beverly 's fluffy blonde head popped around the corner and the door to his office opened .
va	O	3c的门是开着的，但是我还是敲了门才进去。
va	I	With summer almost at its height , he looked forward to exploring the country with Prudence , and the country was a beautiful .
va	O	他的名字是卡尔，并且我只见过他一次。
va	O	他看着的时候，她肿胀的嘴唇分开了，并且舌尖扫过下唇。
va	I	He noticed my face for the first time and his comment caught my father 's attention .
va	I	It looked like a good place to rest my head for now and a nearby bucket rested on the ground .
va	I	Molly opened it moments later and he knocked on the door .
va	O	501房间的门开了，并且我的英国陌生人站满了门口。
va	O	一个人所能承受的屈辱是有限的，并且我已经达到了我的限度。
va	O	我慢慢地走进另一个房间，并且卡拉警惕地跟在我身后，汤姆也跟着。
va	O	他的声音很简短，并且他忽略了她的问题。
va	I	I did it , but it felt silly .
va	O	是时候了，她该收拾肯特给她生活造成的烂摊子了，但是她不能在这里做。
va	O	更多的枪声在附近响起，并且科尔顿扑向掩体。
va	O	我们是如此相似，而且她就像我新的另一半。
va	I	Things are still uncertain but it looks like the telepaths are still going to be a threat .
va	O	这场决斗是练习，并且是惩罚。
va	I	He slid down the wall and the ridges in the tin flattened from the impact .
va	O	福斯特的引荐经历了一段时间，并且这大大激化了局面。
va	O	他看起来精疲力尽，并且他感觉精疲力尽。
va	I	He needs to hear how you feel , but he might get angry .
va	I	I don 't think it 's going to be much longer , but he hasn 't been crowned emperor yet .
va	I	Where in the hell was she , but obviously she was up ?
va	I	He stepped away and his lips burned .
va	I	It was little more than twilight , because of the glow from the horizon and soon night was only a few hours long .
va	I	There is nothing , but looking around , I force myself to listen carefully straining to hear a sound over my pounding heart .
va	O	紫菀花在小路两旁盛开，并且观赏树木刚开始变色。
va	I	Besides that , we have no real reason to , and we just don 't leave .
va	I	Jonathan dropped her hand , and footsteps returned .
va	I	Teresa thought she knew what to expect and the roaring sound was even louder now .
va	I	Now it had become second nature , and three months ago I would never have known how to play this little game .
va	I	I 'd bet my truck you 're fighting the same battle , and I want more .
va	O	佩珀是最好奇的那个，而且萨迪得用一声吠叫斥责她，才能把她从她漫游的任何地方叫回来。
va	I	He slashed it forward , brandishing it like a club , and as he fought to steady himself , his fingers closed on a long wooden object .
va	O	我转过身，伸手去抓床边一盏小灯，并且毫无预警地，顶灯亮了。
va	I	She made sure I understood each one , and there was a lesson in every story .
va	O	如果他们注意到发生了什么，我就会有大麻烦了，但是女孩们似乎都沉浸在自己的小世界里。
va	I	His coppery eyes seemed to hold their own inner flame , and the firelight made deeper hollows out of his striking features .
va	I	I blink them back , but Desperation is making tears sting my eyes .
va	O	顶灯亮了，并且一个身穿黑色套装的女士正站在另一个入口处。
va	I	Steven grabbed her arm , but she reached for the door handle .
va	O	我告诉他他们要很晚才会离开，并且他可以把我随便送到校园里的某个地方。
va	I	He 's scared to tell you and he wants you .
va	I	I was still drowsy but there was a measured rhythm to the way Column undressed that struck me as odd in a vague way .
va	I	He pressed his weight down and I tried to wriggle out from under him .
va	I	They ran without lights and the night was black .
va	I	Instead of going into the mouth we were crushed against the ocean waves , but we plummeted at a terrible pace .
va	I	He 's not scary at all , and his name is Born .
va	O	当他到达营地时，牧羊人小屋的烟囱里冒着烟，并且他能听到格温在唱歌。
va	I	That 's the breaks , but I didn 't graduate .
va	I	He looked good doing it and he had a great laugh .
va	I	She opened her mouth for a deeper kiss and I slid my tongue along her plump bottom lip .
va	I	Still I cannot see , but the darkness becomes brighter !
va	I	She wanted more than anything to answer him , and a familiar male voice boomed in Kylie 's ears .
va	I	They never hurt him and Funny though , he would always give them back to the mama .
va	O	当他吸入烟雾时，他的喉咙灼烧起来，并且他开始剧烈咳嗽。
va	O	他很少在本地演出，但是这次他就在附近。
va	I	Her father always worried and Chicky 's mother was always tired .
va	O	我扬了扬眉毛，并且他解释了。
va	I	At least Trey had found his sense of humor , but the way would never be easy with this kid .
va	O	客户们冷酷无情，并且他们知道维恩是软件行业最伟大的营销天才之一。
va	I	She felt drawn into the compelling depths , and now darkened by unmistakable need , his eyes turned a deeper shade of gold .
va	I	Cillian lifts out a rucksack , an old one I thought I 'd lost and they find what they 're looking for .
va	O	盖子是铰链式的，并且有一个搭扣通过一根像火柴棍一样的木栓固定着。
va	I	More Polish police should be here momentarily , and I telephoned for assistance some time ago .
va	I	I 'm not the first person to find it cost a marriage and creating a business isn 't easy .
va	O	他自从他们开始以来已目睹了三次险情，而且才仅仅几分钟的时间。
va	O	它变得更亮了，像正午一样，而且我意识到我正以越来越快的速度穿行于云层中。
va	O	太阳落山了，而且第一批星星也出来了。
va	I	He hoped that he would know in a minute , but he didn 't know for sure where Pablo was .
va	I	The two of us took the bags out of the backseat , and I parked the car , turned off the headlights .
va	I	I laughed and he batted his eyelashes at me .
va	I	She responded by pinching his gently , with a giggle , and he squeezed her backside .
va	O	西蒙本应周四晚上回来，但是他飞往纽约的航班延误了，导致他错过了前往旧金山的转机。
va	I	They had been intimate for that one night , but of course , she hadn 't really had him to start with .
va	I	Such weapons were unheard of in this world he found himself in , but he suddenly wished he had a gun of some sort .
va	I	Acting like that does not get you what you want but I don 't know who told him so .
va	I	It 's harder than I thought it would be , but I try to cobble together a sympathetic look .
va	I	He didn 't call Meg , but he picked up the phone .
va	O	有脚步声，然后门开了。
va	I	She didn 't move , only stared at the fighters , but the rain was hitting her face .
va	O	她调皮、淘气、虐待狂般疯狂，但是再次地，她的话语让我吃了一惊。
va	I	Her palms dampened and her heart raced .
va	I	I was wide awake and it was 4 a.m. .
va	O	所有人点了点头，并且奎因完成了。
va	O	她有时会在大厅里对我微笑，并且我也笑了，感受着一个十二岁孩子的尴尬。
va	O	她把他们带到车库，但是他们也无法把她的父母重新拼凑起来。
va	O	它不合身，并且那困扰着鲁比。
va	O	凝视着厨房窗外，基特看到莫里在后院开心地叫唤，但是彭德尔顿却不见踪影。
va	I	Man was he scary , but if he didn 't look so scary I would say he was hot .
va	O	总有人在周围制造混乱，并且听不到争吵感觉很奇怪。
va	I	He was feeling pressured to finish it and he 'd been sent out on a mission .
va	O	她摇头否认，但是却没有力气说话。
va	I	I soon became fascinated by the people around me , and my mother 's words started echoing in my ears .
va	O	他周围动物稀少，并且整个星球似乎都在寂静中叹息。
va	I	She stepped back and he stepped forward .
va	O	有人夺走了他的家人，但是他却不知怎的得到了第二次机会。
va	I	When she finally emerged from the bathroom , she was positively glamorous , but she wouldn 't let me peek while she was getting ready .
va	I	He told me to stop by , and I saw him earlier .
va	O	它令人兴奋了一阵子，并且接着它就耗尽了。
va	O	米兰达张开嘴想说什么，但是什么也没说出来。
va	I	He 'd developed a monumental crush on Lindsey , and Luc kept the boots after becoming a vampire .
va	O	他们到达了车边，并且汤米让他的老板进去了。
va	I	He was still a head taller that her , but he wasn 't that tall , maybe a few inches shy of 6 feet .
va	O	他们所要做的就是从一个方向包抄过来，并且那些女孩就会往另一个方向移动。
va	O	我听到阿马尔的声音，正在对武装警卫说话，但是我不知道他在说什么。
va	O	门开了，并且埃斯梅拉达就在那里。
va	I	They might panic , and all the fighting will happen across the river .
va	O	约瑟夫的脸亮了起来，并且他对赞恩露出了大大的笑容。
va	O	她用纯粹的厌恶看着我，并且当她经过我们时，她用肩膀撞了塔姆。
va	O	杰克会知道的，并且如果他不知道，那么哈利会知道的。
va	O	我从未处于最佳状态，但是尽管如此，这项任务是极其艰巨的。
va	O	那个生物曾英勇作战，但是他的世界却已沦陷。
va	I	He appears not to have heard , but Serena risks a glance at Kai .
va	O	也许是因为我们知道我们终于达成共识了，而且我们有整个晚上可以一起度过。
va	I	Julie 's mind searched for the best way to play this , and he held her close as they ascended the steps .
va	I	Mia , tired out from the day , started to cry , and when they got home , Kiki was nowhere to be found .
va	I	I got an enormous satisfaction out of punching him in the mouth , and he 'd have felt my Will building anyway .
va	O	她真的很喜欢和马克一起出去玩，但是与此同时，总觉得有些不对劲。
va	I	I have to strain to hear what she said and the word barely makes it out of her lips .
va	I	I do not want anything getting in the way of the Hilton merger and you 've attracted so much negative attention to the company .
va	O	其中一个抬起了它的长袍，并且麦克则吐在了自己嘴里。
va	I	The frantic wings were easier to judge , but the pulsing had been harder to interpret .
va	O	如果有人了解卡罗尔，那一定是他的妹妹，并且史蒂夫需要知道他到底做了什么错事，以免他发疯。
va	I	There was another side of evolution , too , but all that was true enough .
va	I	He wasn 't around , but I don 't know exactly what .
va	O	她听到他胸腔深处传来的低沉笑声，但是他一言不发。
va	O	他的嘴唇在我唇上短暂停留，在他打开我的车门之前，并且寒冷刺痛了我的皮肤。
va	O	我会知道是什么让你闭上眼睛，并且我还会知道当你感觉良好时发出的声音。
va	O	然后我想到亚当的双手，并且我想知道：他会不会有一天晚上勒死我？
va	I	There was no margin for error when lives were at stake , and his tomorrow -- their yesterday - would be a very busy day .
va	I	Both men heard the sound of footsteps approaching and the voice grew louder .
va	O	她手里却握着一张拉满的弓，并且她的箭正对准我的心脏。
va	O	我有工作要做，并且这是我做这些事的时候，即使我狼狈不堪。
va	I	Stones came into Common Room and we had the Henrietta Maria window smashed .
va	O	我们穷得叮当响，但是我们却总是在爱里很富有。
va	I	He put his hand on my shoulder and I felt a little unsteady .
va	O	她怀疑他是否愿意做这件事，但是她不妨一问。
va	O	它是轻微的，并且如果她不是处于高度激动的情绪中，她可能就错过了。
va	O	她拽了拽他的肩膀，并且他几乎咆哮着回应。
va	O	然后她问我想花多少钱，而且当我告诉她我能负担得起的价格时，她甚至连眼睛都没眨一下。
va	O	手机感觉像个缠在我脖子上的信天翁，而且我才拥有它一周。
va	I	I 'm happy to help you with these issues , and I see you as a client .
va	O	他把他的臀部压入我的腹部，并且我向着他的嘴里呻吟。
va	I	She nods , wiping her cheeks with her sleeve and I hold her gaze for a moment more .
va	I	From Andrew 's response , he must be asking about us , but I can 't hear Stephan .
va	O	拉希德看起来想争论，但是与自己斗争了一会儿后，他生硬地点了点头。
va	O	我以为我做的时候狼睡着了，但是我大概应该更清楚才对。
va	I	That isn 't much better , but I focus on his eyes .
va	I	He imagined his father went to the counter to get the food , but that was the end of James ' memory of that event .
va	I	He shuddered so hard that the wire tore away chunks of flesh and his eyes rolled back .
va	O	她非常努力地去隐藏，但是她能从他眼中变硬的神色中看出他已领会了她的情绪。
va	I	I knew he was skeptical of my explanation , but Malcolm nodded .
va	I	She wasn 't looking forward to it but she didn 't know what to expect .
va	O	她笑了，并且笑声让她心痛，因为他待她如此好。
va	O	奥利维亚知道自己同样拥有坚强的骨气，但是她喜欢认为自己选择战役时更为谨慎。
va	I	His eyes got hazy , as he started moving into a state of intense arousal , and I started mixing in hard little thrusts with my movements .
va	O	她温柔地将他重新拥入怀中，但是拉什可没那么容易被愚弄。
va	I	Everything gets easier , and you grow stronger , find joy again .
va	O	黑暗笼罩了他的世界，但是她就在那里，以多种方式陪在他身边。
va	I	No words came out but Hanna opened her mouth to respond .
va	I	Her brown eyes held puzzlement and Lydia 's brows drew together .
va	O	巴里·拉德克利夫牵着贾克森走过过道，并且她没有看到任何一张让她感到紧张的脸，当她缓慢走向祭坛时。
va	O	她转身带领他们走向出口，但是斯凯却一动不动，仿佛陷入流沙一般。
va	I	It sported a price tag to match , and the Plate Series D was an improvement , indeed .
va	O	他们的谈话充满了他们往常的玩笑，但是同时又显得有些生硬，因为他知道她想让他原谅自己。
va	O	我们一直等到最后，直到律师们完成结案陈词并且陪审团退庭进行商议。
va	O	我差点滑倒好几次，但是 我能够稳住自己。
va	I	He couldn 't make himself care , and Tanner knew his anger was raging out of control .
va	O	米丽亚姆受够了她的那些烂事，并且 是时候由她来掌控一次了。
va	O	你藏得够好，但是 我看穿你了。
va	I	Quickly we had a small flask , and too easily I gave in .
va	I	He couldn 't make out what it was saying , but Kelly was close enough to hear the murmur of the voice on the phone .
va	O	这是一次笨拙的推刺，但是 它完成了它的任务。
va	O	医生说她处于缓解期，但是 我知道它再也不会复发了。
va	I	Then Bex stepped out , frowning at Claire , and the Jeep parked .
va	I	Her smile struck something inside of him , but in the picture , her grey eyes were laughing at something outside of the picture frame .
va	I	Huge , bed sat in the corner of the room , and A neatly made .
va	O	他的眼中掠过一丝东西，但是 茉莉无法辨认出来。
va	I	I liked that , and I was invisible to him .
va	I	His face turned into a sneer , and he caught a glimpse of Rhyme .
va	O	约瑟夫试图避开帕科，但是 帕科对他大喊大叫，在街上遇到他时几乎是把约瑟夫生拉硬拽了过来。
va	O	他停顿了一下，并且 他脸上掠过的痛苦神情立刻让我后悔问了。
va	I	Claire shook her head and the smile slipped slightly .
va	O	她非常认真地扮演着伴娘的角色，并且我们设法在没有被任何人看到的情况下到达了楼上。
va	I	He heard concern in his voice but Tristan couldn 't see his face .
va	O	最终她成功了，并且看起来她像是在遛一只非常大的狗。
va	O	托马斯在那方面告诉我们的不多，但是这仍然是丰富的信息。
va	O	她知道一切都在那里，但是她就是看不到。
va	O	地下部落之间有一些交流，但是大多数部落都是封闭的，只允许偶尔的贸易。
va	O	我握了握他的手，并且他对我眨了眨眼。
va	I	Pain brought everything into sharp focus , and my cheek throbbed .
va	O	我再次问道，当时诺曼和我开始朝家走去。
va	O	实际上，他应该让办公室知道他会迟到，但是电话只反射出他自己的脸。
va	I	She 'd felt the vibrations in her ears from his low , rumbling voice , and he 'd been standing , just as he was standing now .
va	O	也许是知道了我的刑期已满，并且我再次成为了一个自由的女人。
va	I	These guys are under pressure , but they are still working much too hard to appear nonchalant .
va	O	我们可以轻松地做这件事，或者我们可以费力地做。
va	I	She rolled away from Bane , using her strength to push herself up off the ground and Instinct took hold .
va	O	她非常关心那个女孩，并且他不知道为什么。
va	I	The temperature within the shelter began to rise , and his lungs felt like lead .
va	I	I knew it now and she 'd known it .
va	I	He went to investigate , and he left the Rift pulsing at his back -- the sky broiling in front of him .
va	I	It was still empty , but I looked over to Jenna 's bed .
va	O	你听过专家作证说他们治疗过多重人格障碍，并且你听过其他专家作证说根本没有这种东西。
va	O	米克从沙发上站了起来，但是他什么也没说。
va	O	斯图尔特喜欢用大词，但是我知道他是什么意思。
va	I	I could feel the irritation growing within me and he sighed .
va	I	They picked now to give me a hard time and I 'd stayed out of their way for years ?
va	I	I wasn 't that good , but I was good .
va	O	他不喜欢那样，但是她所说的是真的。
va	O	我的下巴都掉了，并且他咧嘴笑了笑，伸出手扶我起来。
va	I	I didn 't want to get into it with him , but I knew he was alluding to Cy walking me around .
va	I	Girls never swooned over him the way they did over some boys , but he 'd been told his face had a pleasing symmetry to it .
va	I	He 's not , and I 'm here .
va	I	Connor moves up to the front to help get the metal plate off and we all pull our goggles on .
va	O	医生会问问题，并且那样就不好了。
va	I	I brought him back to the others and we trotted about the field .
va	I	I could still see his face when he went by , confirming what I 'd already guessed but I pressed even farther back in the shadows .
va	I	This somehow made it a little easier , and it was tidy as well , though .
va	I	Gabe cut her off , but Sally started to speak again .
va	O	我们不像杰森的父母那样富有，但是我们过得还不错。
va	I	I think they ´ re abandoned but there are cars down there .
va	I	What I had considered wondrous was now banal , but a few rays peeked out .
va	I	Everybody was so polite , but they saw guards everywhere .
va	I	He would hate to have anything happen to them , and they were his closest friends .
va	I	I wasn 't sure that was what I wanted , but I had his razor in my back pocket still .
va	O	希亚的手臂轻轻环抱住他，并且她把嘴唇贴在他的平坦结实的腹部上。
va	O	我的电话响了，但是我忽略了它。
va	O	通常，迪恩是个棕发男人，但是这个女孩很漂亮。
va	I	The only clients he 's handled have been legitimate , and he 's spent a thousand hours on sweat files .
va	O	我照他说的做，并且他就跳起来站着。
va	I	His heart was being ripped in two and Christian felt as if his hands were tied .
va	I	Humans weren 't supposed to kill other humans , and maybe it was because Josh was a human .
va	O	洛根拿起手机，并且梅洛迪看着他的脸色变了。
va	I	She 'd flinched with embarrassment when a woman at the bookstore saw her reading it , and Danica had picked up James 's book at the bookstore .
va	O	她在窗边站了很久，但是即使是明亮的阳光也让她感到难以承受。
va	I	The boys followed , heading up the crest to higher land toward Major Oak and I set off running .
va	I	Nate turned aside , looking at the back gate , and the neighbor 's dog barked again .
va	O	大多数采摘工人都认为他有酗酒问题，但是事实是希尔只是一个技术高超的瞌睡虫。
va	O	我还没有完全喘过气来，但是我摇了摇头。
va	I	A steady wave of panic preceded him as the villagers crushed together in anticipation of his arrival before them , but the rider moved casually .
va	O	他的情况是由于他的父母表面上是天主教徒，并且他成了一个有名无实且已放弃信仰的天主教徒。
va	I	I kept my mouth closed , but I wished I could tell this man why such a suggestion was so nonsensical .
va	I	She was beginning to dread the hours she still intended to spend watching , and the evening 's fight had taken a lot out of her .
va	O	冰在他的血管里结晶，但是他却没有动弹。
va	O	我穿戴整齐，所以看守人就不会把我赶出去，但是这对那些小伙子来说太诱人了。
va	O	她的脸涨成了尘土般的玫瑰色，并且她有点不自在地笑了笑。
va	I	He bounced away from her , counting steps instinctively as he swung his racquet out of her reach and his mark was there when he landed .
va	I	There is none in you and there was no honor in your father .
va	I	I made his fingers burn , but I don 't know how .
va	I	She refuses to answer but I knock .
va	O	他们的目光在艾米莉亚身上多停留了一会儿，并且她在他的审视下感到毛骨悚然。
va	O	他希望烟能把他呛死，以便他能避免这种痛苦，但是他却得不到这样的解脱。
va	I	She took the pleasure that he gave her and her breath panted out .
va	O	手开始收紧，并且南希甚至无法发出窒息声。
va	I	He 'd also known he 'd never take advantage of a woman with a kid , but he 'd felt a definite sexual undercurrent during that exchange .
va	I	How it affects the universes we rule and I mean his lack of creative vision .
va	I	This small movement betrayed a violent tremor in his arm , but he lifted a hand to push back his frizzy hair .
va	O	它弹了回来，并且虚拟对手活了过来。
va	O	我们开进了一个大小适中的服务区，并且我立刻去摸门把手。
va	I	Abbot bent his head to mine , but Zayne moved forward at the same time Roth did .
va	O	我从黄昏到黎明都不能离开我的房间，但是在这段时间里，我不能进入它。
va	I	She was looking at me and her eyes were open .
va	I	No one was outside and blinds were drawn in most of them .
va	O	我不认为会是那样，但是我无法确定。
va	I	He felt as if he were facing his fears , but his heart was pounding .
va	O	当小路偏离森林时她离开了小径，并且她的赤脚开始抗议粗糙不平的地面。
va	O	蒂博的西班牙风格补充了对切割的运用，并且埃里克没有再次被迫暴露自己。
va	I	My legs did , but my mind didn 't know where I was going .
va	O	几个人点了点头，并且加雷斯让自己放松下来，哪怕只是一点点。
va	I	He couldn 't understand it and he somehow felt empty .
va	I	He didn 't notice it , but when he closed the door , something moved in the room .
va	O	他从一开始就被艾玛吸引了，并且他确信她也有同样的感觉。
va	I	My neck aches and my back complains .
va	O	克莱尔认不出迪恩的兄弟和他的任何肌肉发达的摩托车手朋友有什么区别，但是这并不意味着迪恩不为他哀悼。
va	O	号声响起，并且片刻之后，斯特拉穿过巨大的入口大门进入了大厅。
va	I	She didn 't want to put the work in , but she could have convinced him otherwise by annoying him until he caved .
va	I	My knees shook and my head spun .
va	I	She was secretly delighted with the results , but she didn 't want to think about how much the trip to stylist had cost .
va	O	我已经与太空联盟的计算机进行了通信，并且目前我们没有太多选择。
va	I	Her hesitation only lasts a second , but Serena freezes .
va	I	He wants to give Kyoto the opportunity to take some credit for his work , but Messick is sure he knows the answer .
va	I	He lost himself in his anger , and a waft of alcohol trailed Kennedy .
va	O	他过去总是设法避免它，但是今天它是两害相权取其轻。
va	O	他们坚持让你住在我房间对面的客房，并且你感觉自己睡了一个星期。
va	I	In many ways , she was still an overly emotional child and she 'd just witnessed her longtime friend lying dead on a subway platform .
va	O	一群暴徒冲进了仓库，并且保安正在击退他们。
va	O	不，梅森先生，我拥有所有权利，并且是你没有权利。
va	O	我不是一个有预感的人，但是一股寒意窜过我的脊背。
va	I	One question snaked its way into his head , but his mind was blissfully quiet during that time .
va	O	我真心认为艾米莉亚会成为他的克星，但是他连那个都挺过来了。
va	O	微微鞠了一躬，她的翅膀开始颤动，并且她就飞走了。
va	I	Others were just grooving alone and some people were dancing together .
va	O	这简直太奇怪了，并且他也太殷勤了。
va	I	They had all turned their backs on him , and he had protected them , kept them safe .
va	O	他死了，并且伊芙尖叫起来。
va	I	As he leaned over , he could see the sheer drop to the black water far below , and the wall had crumbled .
va	O	我不知道自己要去哪里，并且那甚至都无关紧要了。
va	O	希腊不是提奥的家，并且她不打算让它发生改变。
va	O	我不想跑来跑去，并且你不可以跑来跑去。
va	O	似乎只有她，并且那两名无家可归者的食道已完全与身体分离。
va	O	我提出送凯兰出去，并且我们走到他车边时就只有我们两个人了。
va	I	I motion to Lennox to follow us , and the four of us stand .
va	I	She 's on board and Leah 's the only one I care about .
va	O	她理解他的恐惧、他的痛苦、他的惊恐，但是他不明白这必须现在就完成。
va	O	敞开的阳台门让冰冷的晨空气进入房间，并且她打了个寒颤。
va	O	我停在紧闭的门前，并且我敲了敲门。
va	O	扬声器发出的轰鸣低音突然中断，并且人群的喧嚣声减弱成了窃窃私语。
va	O	朱利安笑了，并且他的脸上失去了纯粹的严肃。
va	O	爱丽丝想跟着他们，但是她的双脚拒绝移动。
va	I	Her eyes widened and she glanced down .
va	I	It messed her up really bad and she was in a really bad car accident when she was a teenager .
va	I	When my plan started making sense , he jumped on board , but I was nervous to tell him , at first .
va	O	空气中弥漫着雪意，并且不难想象这座小镇是个冬季度假胜地。
va	O	他们听到一声尖锐的咯咯笑声，并且那笑声立刻打断了他们的谈话。
va	I	Someone spoke before she had the chance but she was about to address the pack .
va	O	他知道会有这么一刻的到来，但是他曾希望他的第一个请求能听起来更合理一些。
va	O	因为你是一个处于巅峰训练状态的运动员，而且我是一个身材走样、失败透顶的家伙。
va	O	他的双肩垂落到应有的位置，并且他看起来平静多了。
va	O	泳池对面一位母亲开始呼唤她的孩子，并且马特转向了她。
va	I	I couldn 't give her a damn thing in return , and Melanie had loved me from day one .
va	I	One person who did recite the pledge with energy was Lori , but I didn 't know most of the students .
va	I	I urge her on , telling her everything will be all right but she is scared .
va	I	She would go over to his house every day to check on him and Grandma had just died .
va	O	他耸了耸肩没有回答，并且我畏缩了一下。
va	I	I 've never had the heart to think of her as anything less , but she hasn 't been that in so long .
va	I	I take a small sip and he hands me a Perrier .
va	O	威廉伸出手肘，并且我挽住了他。
va	I	Those thoughts had produced actions and his words made her think .
va	I	It 's not about Ivy , but she does have another question .
va	O	门通向另一个巨大的房间，但是这个房间里摆满了货架，从地板一直堆到远处挂着云彩的天花板。
va	O	纳森不确定那到底是什么意思，但是他决定暂时放下此事。
va	I	They 'd be too short and it wouldn 't be long before he 'd outgrow them .
va	I	Sometimes I 'd question why , but I 'd always nod .
va	I	It couldn 't all be wrong and all of my intel told me so .
va	O	她曾经是个噩梦，但是她现在没那么糟了。
va	I	All she could see was the door in front of her , but in the back of her mind , she could hear voices .
va	I	She silently berated herself , and Lydia 's voice showed her impatience .
va	O	他们俩的上一处住所都在迈阿密，并且他们一起读完了高中。
va	O	他付出的和索取的同样多，并且他爱她。
va	I	It was apparent that the problem , whatever it might be , was serious , but pushing down on the accelerator , she leaped ahead .
va	I	I don 't think it has anything to do with our task , and she 's tense .
va	I	They came , and a clock began to strike somewhere close at hand : the chimes of midnight .
va	O	奥利弗开始把他拉起来，并且我帮忙了。
va	I	Prentice debated whether to wait for back-up , and there was no answer at the house .
va	I	We seemed to hit it off really well , but I had gotten to know my friend Gabrielle 's sister-in-law , Beth , fairly recently .
va	I	It was just going to be the four of them to eat it and Susie was cooking a huge turkey dinner .
va	I	It was easy , and I knew what my amulet meant .
va	O	他刚刚告诉他们的事情毫无意义，但是他们不可能知道这一点。
va	O	她担心轻轻一碰就可能把它弄倒，但是她可能只是多疑了。
va	I	He doesn 't think it 'll happen again but his best theory is that the fuel injector was jammed .
va	I	She swung around , and Royce warned ominously .
va	I	The roof was metal and the walls of my shed were made of stones .
va	O	他们俩不时地笑，但是劳拉似乎更多地是在疯狂打字。
va	O	我对他们没有任何感觉，除了一个强烈的欲望想看到他们死去，并且贝瑟尼安全。
va	O	离家数英里，并且她竭尽全力才没直接回去。
va	O	牧羊犬不停地吠叫，并且可卡犬啃着球，假装牧羊犬没有吠叫。
va	I	He became Brazilian all the same , once the law had recognized him as such , but there was nothing genetically Brazilian about the Japanese .
va	I	He quickly dismissed the call when Geneva 's voice once again came across the intercom , but he briefly wondered what Emerald wanted .
va	I	I heard Avery 's chuckle and Stephanie out-and-out laughed .
va	O	自从我第一次见到你，我就一直渴望与你缠绵，并且无论你何时允许我，我都会珍惜它。
va	O	他的脸很阴沉，并且他的眼睛湿润。
va	O	窗户上的插销坏了，并且莱克斯把它推开了。
va	O	通常长在树间的蓝铃花现在早已不见了，并且它们的消失给她的上臂带来了一阵意想不到的寒意。
va	O	一个新的幻象开始了，并且这次我通过自己的眼睛看东西。
va	O	讨论生育问题可能不被认为是得体的晚餐谈话，尤其是在第一次约会时，但是每个人都知道亡灵无法创造生命。
va	O	斯凯倒吸一口气，但是巴尔萨泽强迫自己不回头看她。
va	O	我的手提包在我的公寓里，并且无论如何我的钱包里只有不到五十美分。
va	O	我不太清楚我的身体是否被留下了以便我旅行，但是我认为是这样。
va	O	这是场景结束的信号，并且她转向我，把头靠在我的胸口。
va	O	我不知道如何，但是我需要为他们找到正义。
va	O	那让所有人感到惊讶，并且这让莉亚的脸上露出了困惑的表情。
va	I	Lindy had a key , but the shop had recently closed .
va	I	When I focused on it , it made me wince , but it was easier to ignore the pain as it became the norm .
va	I	Colin hoped they 'd use it that way , and the bed had been designed as a playground .
va	O	几乎没有察觉到自己在移动，维克多俯下身，并且他猛地一下撕开了她宽松亚麻罩衫的袖子。
va	O	我只需要再在船上待几天，并且没有理由与这些卑微的人为敌。
va	O	这也许是完美的时机，但是她就是说不出话来。
va	O	这是南要讲述的故事，并且在拉什看来，也不是别人的。
va	I	He found himself glad for the company , but Cole had wanted some alone time .
va	I	Her blood took fire , and at the first touch of his mouth her heart slammed in alarm against her breast .
va	I	I 'm alone save for a scarecrow sitting on a rocking chair and I scan the porch .
va	O	我让开身子让她进来，并且她从我身边溜过，抱着双臂。
va	I	They protected him when no one else would , and they didn 't leave him .
va	O	赛奇精神振奋，并且他期待着见到胡安妮塔。
va	O	大约只有三十个孩子，并且他们是如此的幼小。
va	O	我考虑过打电话给萨曼莎·穆恩，但是我知道她会和她的孩子们在一起，也许正在给他们做一顿她自己吃不了的晚餐。
va	I	She reaches up to wipe the tears away from her cheeks and when she sees me , her eyes enlarge .
va	O	我想那有点难以置信，但是事情就是这样发生的。
va	O	他头上戴着一顶棒球帽，并且一个耳塞滑向他的左耳。
va	I	She needed to touch him , but he might not be touching her .
va	O	然后她抬起头，并且她的目光与他的相遇。
va	I	I only see Cricket 's embarrassment , but the thought should make me happy .
va	I	She prodded , and he paused .
va	I	You saved me but once I met you I knew I had to save you .
va	I	He preferred Paddy when he was three pints down , but the warrant officer was called Patrick .
va	O	我坐在副驾驶座上，并且我妈妈在我下车前抓住了我的手。
va	O	莉安娜咆哮了一声，并且有那么一刻，我以为她会撕咬某人。
va	O	她被什么东西绊倒了，并且现在因为他抓住了她，她就在他怀里。
va	O	我试图说服他哈尔斯船长是个正派的人，并且今晚过后，我想我也在努力说服我自己。
va	I	It didn 't matter right then , but it proved that I was right before , that I wasn 't actually crazy .
va	O	这指控让皮埃尔愣住了，并且涌上他脸庞的矛盾情绪如果不是他的处境如此悲惨，本会显得滑稽可笑。
va	O	我不知道吉尔什么时候会带着她的啤酒回来，但是我不希望被打扰。
va	O	第一批离我只有几英尺远，并且几秒钟后他们就要攻击我了。
va	I	It is still a feeling , but it is a noble feeling .
va	O	有时很难想象阿德里安真的会关心任何事，但是当他谈到吉尔时，他柔和的一面就显现出来了。
va	O	就在他做之前，玻璃小瓶捕捉到了光线，并且它是橙色的，就像妮塔手中拿着的任何东西一样。
va	I	She stared into his eyes , and he followed her command .
va	O	瑞迪克的所有飞行队员都有明显的破绽，然而他们中似乎没有人意识到这一点。
va	I	Paul guessed what was coming , and Lucy took a deep breath .
va	O	我可以跑，或者我可以留下。
va	O	等候室里挤满了人，但是我没有看到乌拉。
va	O	附近另一名病人开始剧烈咳嗽，并且弗洛拉修女告辞了。
va	O	Victoria 本会拒绝，但是 Verbena 已经开始走向门口。
va	I	Then I picked up on the fear in his voice , but as he spoke , my first reaction had been to punch the pompous bastard .
va	O	她的声音提高了，并且她看起来很惊讶。
va	I	A divide stood between them that hadn 't been there before , but she wished she could ask him for that physical comfort now .
va	I	I sat back on my heels and all the energy went out of me .
va	O	他们的目光短暂地交织在一起，并且他不得不快速吸了一口气。
va	I	My colleagues have convinced me that it was definitely well before midnight , but this is still an estimate .
va	I	She could think more clearly and she 'd regained her composure .
va	I	It escalates with every second that drips by , and I 'm getting tired , hungry , aggravated .
va	O	她跳了起来，好像有什么东西吓到了她，并且她转身回到屋子里。
va	I	I stared at him in fear and my breath caught in my throat .
va	I	Henry disappeared and Tam let go of Cain 's hands .
va	I	Beth did it well , and though Charlotte felt badly about Beth 's current problems , she also recognized when she was being played .
va	O	门咔嗒一声开了，并且他走了进去。
va	O	Eileen 推开了前门，并且我走了进去。
va	O	我很幸运的是那天晚上在酒吧遇到了Saira，并且她警告了我关于我们队长计划的事。
va	I	This sounded crazy , but she trusted Mark .
va	O	她非常非常累，并且她需要去睡觉。
va	O	我看着她，等待她为自己令人厌恶的行为辩护，但是她却盯着她面前的桌子。
va	O	利亚姆的眉毛在他额头上挑得更高，并且当我什么也没说时，他继续了。
va	O	他低下头，并且轻轻地吻了她的嘴唇。
va	O	我取下钥匙，并且它缓慢而痛苦地升起。
va	O	亚历克斯一直搜寻杰基，但是她又没有出现。
va	I	Claire actually saw his gaze go blind with pleasure , and she was staring into his eyes when he came .
va	O	抓住带杠杆的把手，亚力克拉了，但是传送门纹丝不动。
va	I	The harder I tried , the more the two braided together , and I couldn 't separate my past from my present .
va	O	那是我第一个冲动，但是那让我清醒过来，那就是一个冲动这个事实。
va	I	There was a small scroll and he looked inside the jar .
va	O	几分钟后，他听到下面路上有男人行进，但是他透过他藏身的灌木丛什么也看不见。
va	I	He 's the saint and like I 'm the bitch .
va	O	老实说，我不知道我是怎么做到的，但是这似乎是身为我的一种令人愉快的副作用。
va	O	到那时麻木感已经消失了，并且克劳德的问题将我的注意力引向了伤口。
va	O	她离开堡垒已经半小时了，但是感觉过去了更久。
va	O	我看着我们前方，并且我震惊了。
va	I	In its place is a faint mocking expression , and his temper has dissipated .
va	O	如果我想，我可以把这家伙揍扁，但是我不会那么做，因为米娅显然在他身上看到了什么。
va	I	I didn 't have to tell anyone what went on , and that 's why I was in the city after all .
va	I	Looking at her intently as if he wanted something from her , but he put his second paw onto the terrace , still hesitant .
va	O	门上传来敲门声，并且阿米莉亚看着我。
va	O	瓦莱丽很害怕，而且现在不是她经历这种偏执的时候。
va	O	亲吻他的念头再次浮现在我脑海中，并且在我记起他是谁之前差点就那么做了。
va	O	绘画，虽然没有那么令人兴奋，但至少很熟悉，并且它让女孩们远离了阳光。
va	I	You grow old , and lose a lot .
va	I	Carlo 's expression showed that he was not impressed but Kate couldn 't hear the replies .
va	O	他看起来很沮丧，并且他说话时声音颤抖。
va	I	Her soul was bound for eternal Hell and I 'd be back for her eventually .
va	I	It shattered on the table and the celebration was marred by a minor mishap when I dropped a crystal goblet of wine .
va	O	我们家族的族谱可能可以追溯到一位中世纪国王，但是那不意味着我们与他共享任何基因。
va	I	Sheila was calling it , and that was my name .
va	O	他把我扔到他柔软的白色皮革沙发上，并且我看到他在咧嘴笑。
va	I	Without a word , he handed me a first-aid kit , and I walked up .
va	I	The ripples splashed against my skin and it felt as if someone had tossed a rock into calm water .
va	O	我像糖果店里的孩子一样被他吸引，并且他是现有的最美味的款待。
va	O	他刚刚看着一个人刺伤了麦多克斯，并且他竟敢和她调情。
va	I	He went mad with grief and his vow meant my departure .
va	I	It burst open of its own accord but he moved to slam the door shut .
va	O	我再次调整了我的烟斗，并且努阿拉站在我的肩膀旁边。
va	O	它们很紧，并且她是他的囚犯。
va	I	There was no sound as he exhaled this time , but I filled his lungs again .
va	O	我尽力分散她的注意力，但是我认为她实在没有心情被分散注意力。
va	I	He strode with cheerful purpose , and the medium-sized pack did not seem to slow him down .
va	I	I didn 't think it was too bad , but it was the usual mess that a single person makes .
va	I	My mouth dropped open , and I stopped dead in my tracks .
va	O	无论尼古拉斯在哪里尝试，他都无法打破大地，并且在那一刻，我处境的全部恐怖向我袭来。
va	I	Two of her affluent friends had recently stopped by , and she 'd spread the word about the store .
va	O	他的腿能动，但是跑长距离仍然有点困难。
va	O	他仍然看不到警车，但是他知道它不得不停下来。
va	I	I don 't have anything to soothe them , but I can feel my lips cracking .
va	O	那根本就不是重点，但是他们正在如此努力地救她。
va	I	The story will end that way and what the king will choose the princess ' fate would depend on .
va	I	Peter was shocked and this was unexpected .
va	I	He didn 't press it , but by his expression she could tell he was taken aback by the news .
va	I	The door opens and after a good minute the elevator settles .
va	I	Haste was their present need but it would be a demanding journey if all went well .
va	O	什么都没有改变，但是我莫名地知道。
va	O	贝弗利立刻停止笑声，并且她的表情变得严肃起来。
va	I	Her thoughts began to come together and Vela leaned back just a little .
va	I	He felt ridiculous , and she was nervous .
va	O	玛丽亚的脸因压抑的愤怒而扭曲，并且安迪看起来快要哭了。
va	I	A squire handed him a fresh one , and the Fiddler tossed his splintered lance away .
va	I	The only sound that came out was a wimpy echo of the hiss escaping Carl 's blue lips , but my mouth opened .
va	I	Several men called Hounds and each pack consists of their leader called the Whip .
va	I	There 's no place to go , but more able people , like Vera , are free to roam .
va	I	She didn 't ask any other questions as she walked away from Ethan , and it was all too horrible to keep contemplating .
va	O	这不完全是我计划的演讲，但是它已经足够接近了。
va	I	A fist closed around Autumn 's heart and Summer felt as frail as she looked .
va	O	太阳会在几小时内升起，而且他就会被烤焦。
va	I	Almost instantly he was asleep and his eyelids fluttered shut .
va	I	He knew it and there was no other description for it .
va	O	这种事情在现实生活中不会发生，或者至少不应该发生。
va	O	他重复了这个动作，而且这次，与其说是疼痛不如说是不适。
va	I	She was controlling its economy with clockwork precision and the castle was the center of her universe .
va	O	钻头又开始工作了，并且杰夫掏出了他的手机。
va	O	他给我倒了一杯咖啡，并且我感激地接了过来。
va	I	On her arm was Jason , and they were of Star .
va	I	They went inside and Alexandra agreed instantly .
va	I	It doesn 't look like it was particularly pleasant , but I don 't know what went on in here .
va	I	The remaining wolves ran , and another deep howl echoed around them , disturbingly close .
va	O	他伸出手，并且我们握了握手。
va	O	维克的眼睛猛地睁开，而且他用冰冷、怀疑的目光看着罗里。
va	O	最初我被惊得睁大双眼，但是过了一会儿，我发现自己正在逐渐摆脱恐惧。
va	I	She didn 't understand why she had been told to come this way , and there was no sign of Filipe .
va	I	He poured each of us a glass and we both accepted .
va	I	I realized that we 'd all been transfixed by the scene , and everyone seemed to take a collective breath at the same time .
va	I	All the lights flashed on and * * * Kate wasn 't smiling when she finally pulled into Jo 's driveway .
va	O	那还不完全符合逻辑，但是那是他对情况的直觉判断。
va	O	她看向米尔寻求安慰，但是他像她一样被谷仓外爆发的圣战声吓坏了。
va	O	她的家具上有大而肥的卷心菜玫瑰图案，而且扶手已经磨损。
va	O	她做完的时候将近午夜，而且在这个过程中，他们俩都没有看电影。
va	O	我关上身后的门，并且她吓了一跳转过身来。
va	O	她的右臂动了一下，并且一个明显的区域亮了起来。
va	O	我没听到裘德说了什么，但是我能从LJ的回复中猜到。
va	O	身体上她就是柯斯蒂的翻版，并且她无法忘记她姐姐已经和哈尔同床共枕六年了。
va	I	I could tell she felt embarrassed and she giggled .
va	I	Through the tempered glass walls , she could see the computer chips , and a double-walled safe room had been built in the center of the space .
va	I	I just started looking around at everything in general and Frannie wandered off in one section , going towards baby toys .
va	I	I can also hear a stream , but I can still hear the ocean .
va	O	蒙克听到了湿润的骨头断裂声，并且那个男人的尖叫声戛然而止。
va	O	她现在专注起来，看到它们不是天然的石头，但是人造的东西。
va	I	What I do see is just as surprising , but I don 't see it .
va	O	她的嘴唇张开了，并且她意识到她的嘴巴有多干。
va	O	他做生意是为了赚钱，并且既然他靠口碑获得客户，他就不能容忍搞砸。
va	O	其他人排队爬进拖车，并且我没有动。
va	I	Major Harris signed it , and that afternoon , Ferguson authorized his furlough request without comment .
va	I	Ice moaned and the fiery sensation in his hands escalated .
va	O	灯又亮了，并且全息投影仪消失了。
va	I	He gave me the doc 's private number and I phoned Captain Sullivan .
va	O	我将永远迷失，因为大门会被锁上，并且我的灵魂会被鬼魂吞噬。
va	O	洗衣机停了，并且他跳下去打开盖子。
va	I	He watched as she applied it in short strokes , framing her eyes , and Mike leaned against the counter as Julie reached for her eye shadow .
va	O	一阵巨大的喝彩声在我耳边爆发，但是我几乎听不见，因为耳朵里血液涌动。
va	O	听起来是个好主意，但是我怀疑它不会奏效。
va	I	There was a flush of color in his cheeks that hadn 't been there a moment ago , and his pupils were huge .
va	O	他终于实现了他心中的渴望，并且贝丝打破了它。
va	O	当她说完时，她的喉咙很沙哑，并且她感觉自己刚刚游过了英吉利海峡。
va	O	她已经向地方检察官办公室申请了休假，并且她正在谈论这件事结束后搬到南加州。
va	I	I was transparent and Tingling went through my body .
va	O	来自她体内的砰砰声仍在她耳边回响，但是当她张开嘴时，她咆哮起来。
va	I	We were a work in progress , but I wished our relationship were easier .
va	I	At the same time I felt someone shift in behind me and I asked him .
va	O	美国自然而然地占据了主导地位，并且它们的领导地位在国外从未受到过片刻的质疑。
va	I	She was waiting for me to wear myself out and like I was just a child having a tantrum .
va	I	Jasmine was more than just afraid after her terrifying experience , but MaryAnn could read that much in both of them .
va	I	Then the misery came rushing back , and they helped for about five seconds until I saw that humongous gash again .
va	O	这是一个令人沮丧的想法，并且他们都感受到了它的分量。
va	I	She had none for Miriam , but Miriam had all the time for her .
va	I	I didn 't pick it up , but the phone rang during the morning .
va	O	他重了好几磅，但是这可以归因于他休假期间久坐不动的生活方式。
va	I	His face appears behind the glass , and the shouts stop .
va	O	你不用盯着我的裤裆看，但是我希望你留在这里，帕克。
va	I	I 'm going be a police officer too -- just like him , and I also plan on studying Law Enforcement when I go to college .
va	I	The prospect of a nightmare slips from my mind as the thought of Brax staying over invades my head instead and I feel my breathing speed up .
va	I	She didn 't back down , but Chloe felt the hot rush of blood to her face at being called out at the lie .
va	I	His thumbs wipe my tears away , and he lets go of my hands .
va	I	The sinful smile of the young Hart Mackenzie spread across his face , and his gentle look fled .
va	I	I want to be a part of it , and you 're going to do great things .
va	O	这个念头让他的心头一暖，并且他伸出手轻轻抚摸她的脸颊。
va	I	I 'll say it again and I 've said it before .
va	O	还有其他人，并且我找到了一个。
va	I	I don 't like it one bit and he 's in complete control right now .
va	I	I slammed the door , locking it and we pushed them back into the house .
va	O	阿彻又捏了捏我的手，并且我的眼睛猛地睁开，发现他正在看着我，他英俊却略显疲惫的脸上带着鼓励的表情。
va	I	The kayak accelerated and Dugan caught on .
va	O	许多夜晚她会吸毒回家，不知道自己在哪里，或者她根本就不会回家。
va	O	你看起来很火辣，而且你心知肚明。
va	I	She offered him her lips and her head rolled back onto his shoulder .
va	O	某些东西不对劲，而且刹那间，杰克就知道哪里不对劲了。
va	O	我前一天晚上找到了他，并且他死了。
va	O	我十四岁的时候，我父亲带我去科罗拉多打猎，并且我猎杀了一头麋鹿。
va	O	汉娜紧随其后，并且杰西殿后。
va	I	My injuries were the least of my concerns , but we continued slowly down the hallway , each step more painful than the last .
va	I	Both of them stared at me like I was a lunatic , and Ava was at his side , helping him to his feet .
va	I	Then a grin tugged at the hard edges of his mouth , but Mikhail stirred as if he might protest .
va	O	安东尼娅想抗议，但是她太尴尬了。
va	O	电影开始时灯光变暗了，并且人们在座位上安顿下来时，发出了沙沙声。
va	I	She couldn 't fathom moving , and her legs felt like rubber .
va	I	As soon as it had , the wound had healed almost instantly , and the last of the blue discoloration had vanished a few hours ago .
va	I	For a long moment he doesn 't speak , but he leans in , his breath stirring my hair .
va	O	他们的腰带上佩戴着明显的匕首，并且其中一人佩戴着一把剑。
va	O	考尔德起初显得不情愿，但是他的抗议刚一出口，他的嘴巴就打了个大哈欠。
va	I	He paid it , and he knew what the penalty would be if he touched you again .
va	I	The cold nose exploring her bloody fingers , and she felt the brush of fur against her bare calf .
va	O	肯一直是个好朋友，并且当他约凯蒂出去时，杰森那个周末正在缅因州看望他的母亲。
va	O	他是工头，但是他仍然只有一票。
va	I	I just snapped , and then you went over to Rodney 's again .
va	I	I gathered it would not dismay her if I chose not to take it and Mrs. Reedy offered no comment about the room .
va	O	赛斯嘴角弯了弯，但是我没有久留到看到他笑。
va	O	士兵突然停了下来，盯着他的脚看，并且他身体的每一寸都在呐喊着恐惧。
va	O	戴夫同意地点了点头，并且另一个人继续说。
va	O	我试着把它咽下去，但是需要几分钟我才能鼓起勇气说话而不担心大叫。
va	I	I really appreciate you listening to me , but now I feel I 'm imposing .
va	I	She knew Amelia wouldn 't have been so strong , and she 'd refused to give in to Louisa .
va	O	她祈祷手术能够延期，但是情况每小时都看起来不容乐观。
va	I	It was pretty just the same , but there also was no waterfall here .
va	I	It has an old , burlesque feel to it , and it 's called You Can Leave Your Hat On .
va	O	她的声音听起来还是一样，但是她很擅长把握细微之处。
va	O	他把床单扔在沙发靠背上，并且肯德拉用它裹住了自己。
va	O	他的顺从让我困惑，但是 我还是接受了。
va	O	它们被他自己的血染黑了，并且他有几根爪子断了。
va	O	赞恩动了动手指，我转过身，强迫自己再深吸一口气。
va	O	卧室门开了，并且维多利亚几秒钟后就到了他怀里。
va	O	房间比我最初意识到的还要干净，而且干燥的水槽里有一壶新鲜的水。
va	O	当他们飞驰而去时，太阳落到了西边的地平线以下，并且阴影在柔和的光线中变得柔和。
va	O	我们非常小心，或者 我们努力做到。
va	O	史蒂夫的目光在我身上，并且我能看出他正在我的眼中寻找答案。
va	O	他走到她身边，并且所有那种令人愉悦的热度又回来了。
va	I	The top was rolled over with barbed wire but he would have climbed .
va	O	食尸鬼因痛苦而尖叫，黑色的血液从伤口喷涌而出，但是它没有穿透他的身体。
va	O	它们瞬间引爆，并且浓密的灰色烟雾滚滚而出，瞬间将守卫们笼罩其中。
va	I	Her hands were shaking and her face had gone pale .
va	I	She knew she should go before that storm hit , and it looked as though they would get another storm .
va	O	当然，即使在那时我们也一直被信仰追捕，但是没有什么能让我们为前方的一切做好准备。
va	O	他哭了，并且他哭了。
va	O	我闭上眼睛，并且他的嘴唇柔软地，非常轻柔地，贴在我的嘴上。
va	O	尸检的部分结果终于出来了，但是它们带来的问题比解决的问题更多。
va	I	I lost my mind and I saw Alessia near Eleonora .
va	I	She belonged to Sean , and there was no finer woman than Andrea Gray .
va	I	He looked different , but his face was the only thing that wasn 't covered with anything .
va	I	He was still woozy when he came to , and the wound had required a blood transfusion .
va	I	It was one of the prettiest things I 'd ever seen , but I didn 't really know the fashion terms to describe it accurately .
va	I	Her chin automatically rose in a futile gesture to forestall them , and the tears began .
va	I	A few parts were lost but she placed the pieces together .
va	I	She suggests we don 't pursue that route anyway but she could find out .
va	I	I knew I could not keep this up for long , but my feet carried me deeper into the forest .
va	O	布拉德利阅读了那章很多次，但是它仍然不清楚。
va	I	I wasn 't sure why , but he was making me self-conscious .
va	I	Their economy seemed to be healthy , and the people seemed friendly .
va	O	一声笑从她口中溢出，但是那些大象仍然原地不动。
va	O	她想也许她应该被告知她将要面对什么，但是她不能责怪泰勒。
va	I	A pile of papers cascaded onto my feet , and I flipped open the glovebox to toss my sunglasses in .
va	O	没有计划旅行，并且这更像是没有父母管制的假期。
va	O	她的手臂紧紧环住腰部，并且她抬起下巴，仿佛在试图赢得一场他甚至尚未参与的战斗。
va	I	Her knees buckled , and Emma felt dizzy .
va	I	When she did , she had a nightmare , and she certainly didn 't know when she had fallen asleep either .
va	I	I 'm not the bad guy , but now , I know this is a lot to take in .
va	O	沙发缺了一个靠垫，并且窗帘摇摇欲坠。
va	O	所有人将目光转向莉亚，并且他们看到莉亚脸红了。
va	I	She didn 't mind , but Lauren had fallen far down on her list of friends .
va	I	A terrible sadness came over him and he stared down at his pint .
va	I	It doesn 't work out too well but Rian tries to give me some space .
va	I	Thus , it was diverted for a moment from the problem , and he was aware his mind relaxed when he followed the fish .
va	I	Her knees felt a little wobbly and her heartbeat was racing .
va	I	That 's as far as it will ever go but Eli is a huge flirt .
va	I	I watched Jericho flinch from the sound and Talbott let out a bark of laughter .
va	I	There has never been a time when I 've neglected him , and I 've assumed total responsibility for Sean from the first time he drew breath .
va	O	我们必须一起专注于它，或者我们一无所获。
va	I	My heart lightened , and that brought her smile back .
va	I	That 's a good thing to do , and I was killing monsters .
va	O	戴维斯让我们一值班就进屋。
va	I	The van coming to a stop across the street , six houses up but I could focus on nothing .
va	O	这就是为什么锁被卡得很紧，并且这就是为什么门打不开。
va	O	我们终于放开了彼此，但是她依然泪眼婆娑地盯着我。
va	O	他的肩膀耷拉着，并且他的手在颤抖。
va	I	They came after her , and Jared cal ed hoarsely .
va	O	那是一个保护性的姿势，并且她对此心存感激。
va	O	她以班级前几名的成绩毕业了，而且任何公司都会乐意录用她。
va	I	I could not join him , but he glowed with joy .
va	I	She hit the floor and he let go .
va	O	在他做之前她就知道他会做什么，但是她的警告并没有起到作用。
va	O	艾登回头朝我挥了挥手，并且我咯咯地笑了。
va	I	His words stopped me , but I started to unwrap a shiny pineapple .
va	O	如果我足够聪明想到这一点，那可能一直都是我们的计划，但是我没有。
va	I	He walked as if he were a thousand feet tall , but he seemed to be about the same height as I .
va	O	我忽略了疼痛，并且我滑了出来，膝盖上又添了更多的伤口。
va	O	当他还在警队时，他有惊人的六块腹肌，身材很好，很健壮，并且女孩子们都喜欢他。
va	I	It started to drop huge rain drops and they talked in depth about the victim .
va	O	这些符号是相同的，但是它们的用途却完全不同。
va	I	Yet he kept insisting he couldn 't have me , and he watched me as if he couldn 't get his mind off me .
va	O	渔船、包租船、帆船以及来访的游艇使用码头设施。
va	O	他的脸在泥土下惨白，并且他的身体因疼痛而弓着。
va	I	According to the latest rumors in Black Oak , she was pregnant , and her name was Libby , age fifteen , the oldest of the brood .
va	I	As a therapist , she was in no position to apologize , and she 'd metaphorically slapped his wrist .
va	I	There was a hint of nervousness in it , but he chuckled again .
va	I	I didn 't want him to leave , but I was never very good at flirting .
va	O	这个家伙在华盛顿特区掌控着大部分权力，但是人们并没有意识到这一点。
va	I	She kept her gaze trained on the line between his pecs , but he turned her around .
va	I	She felt restless , and she hurt inside .
va	I	Was surprised to see Julie at the counter and * * * Jo entered the Pet Palace .
va	I	She blows out her lips but she is out of breath .
va	O	她抬起膝盖，试图催促他向前，但是他用一只手掌撑着床头板，拒绝移动。
va	I	Heels began clicking his way and a chair in the office screeched .
va	O	她的嘴唇抽动了一下，但是她保持了专注。
va	I	I gave Finn a look that would have made most men tremble in their wing tips , and my eyes narrowed .
va	O	她拉扯着，试图挣脱开，但是他那时已经毫不退让。
va	O	有些雌性不应该繁殖，并且我就是其中之一。
va	I	The day was turning dark and a bit of fog was rolling in .
va	O	我们之间有些空间，但是我的整个前身都感到刺痛，仿佛我们正在接触。
va	I	A shotgun boomed , and something slammed against her back as a bright orange flash erupted out of the dark .
va	O	狗叫了，但是没有人回应。
va	O	这个系统和我们的不兼容，而且这可能也适用于硬件和软件。
va	O	我需要培养工作之外的生活，而且德鲁是一个有吸引力的分散注意力的方式，让我不再沉迷于杰克逊。
va	I	He was sweating terribly and his face had turned a sickly gray .
va	I	She smiled , and he said something .
va	O	巴黎在等着，而且没有什么能阻止她亲自到场，当她的服装设计以加利亚诺品牌首次亮相时。
va	O	她的声音沙哑嘶鸣，但是当她看到贝西蒙着脸的时候，查理几乎没有注意到。
va	I	He was sure Priam would agree , and he meant it .
va	O	我在催促，而且玛吉在恳求。
va	I	She took my extended hand , shaking it and Imogen 's tense shoulders relaxed an infinitesimal amount .
va	I	When he shot a quick look up at the guards , they hadn 't moved , but Duncan expected shots to rain down on him from above .
va	O	没过多久，一连串的记忆涌上她的心头，而且过去几个小时的完全领悟迫使她闭上了眼睛。
va	I	Beorn had no mind to argue , but Autumn fast would turn to winter .
va	O	在一个完美的世界里，她会再次爱上她的前夫，并且他们都会变回曾经的理想家庭。
va	I	She would 've died instead of the poor rookie , and then he would have alerted Huff .
va	I	It 's only one scene , and I can 't stand watching her with him .
va	I	They might just make the trip alone , or they might join up temporarily with a group of Indians that was traveling west .
va	O	我差点伸手去抓他，但是他让我的手垂了下来。
va	I	He 'd discovered he would make a lousy politician , and he 'd wanted it for all the wrong reasons .
va	I	His once thick , longish hair was starting to thin , but Rob still had his handsome , well-balanced features .
va	I	We enter the largest public square I 've ever seen , and then I turn another corner with the crowd .
va	I	That was something the school would have a hard time countering , but I hated to play the religion card .
va	I	My mom appeared in the doorway on the other end of the TV , and then the man was backing down the stairs .
va	I	He tightened his hold , keeping her against him , but she tried the sitting up thing again .
va	I	He wasn 't worried about magic , and he wasn 't sure what would happen if she hated him .
va	I	It kept getting worse , and he was burning up .
va	O	一想到这里，愤怒在他体内沸腾，但是莱德忍住了。
va	I	A few minutes later he was breathing better , and Dare reached for the water .
va	I	I mumbled my thanks , and Noelle helped me up .
va	I	I hope you can forgive me , that you will give me another chance , but I know that .
va	O	我的思绪以每小时150公里的速度飞驰，而且我无法阻止它。
va	O	那只手上的握力消失了，而且麦考尔得以强行挣脱。
va	O	他们是我的羚羊，而且我是狮子。
va	O	他睡觉时经常会喃喃自语，但是他的话却难以理解。
va	O	他点了点头，并且伊娜扔了。
va	O	他将不得不与他们所有人战斗，但是他或许还能救她。
va	I	It was moving fast , almost sprinting , and it was a runner , one of the irradiated ones from Albuquerque .
va	I	She knew it was , but she didn 't know why it was going to be now .
va	I	She allows Sera to drag her out the door , but Livi doesn 't look completely reassured .
va	I	I think I can get my guns , but I 'm unarmed .
va	O	这对比尔来说不是一个微不足道的问题，而且他搜索了谷歌寻找好的方法。
va	O	帕里斯不是一个喜欢吹嘘的恶魔，但是他从未遇到过不满意的女性。
va	I	No sound came out but she tried to scream .
va	O	当雷德利失踪时，德尔阿姨总是心痛不已，并且她不知道女儿已经回来了。
va	O	你过去所做的一切都绝对无法辩解，但是过去依然是过去。
va	O	她的所有建筑都很成功，并且她仍然不满意。
va	I	I briefly wonder how little ' ol Napoleon even climbed into it at all and the bed is gigantic .
va	O	就像他第一次吻她时一样，他以为她会反抗，但是她的反应再次让他感到惊讶。
va	I	Three Snickers bars jumped out , and he pulled his hands from his pockets as he spoke .
va	O	她想和杰森谈谈那件事，需要和他谈谈，但是时间太少了。
va	I	That remained to be seen , but at least none of these guys appeared that extreme .
va	O	汽车的副驾驶座开了，一只脚迈了出来，然后是两只。
va	I	Silver stepped out , and * * * Outside of Ken 's house , a portal opened in the driveway .
va	I	The bearded guy regarded me with new interest , but nobody changed their stance .
va	O	我住在一个由惯性支撑的两居室破旧木屋的腐朽残骸里，并且我从未在任何地方感到如此自在。
va	O	她必须尽自己的一份力来支持这个悲痛的家庭，但是她也意识到自己不能让情况变得更糟。
va	I	We are to meet him at his house at one and I 've talked to Jim McGinnis .
va	I	Her sense of professionalism was ingrained , but Diana knew now that she was not .
va	I	Night would follow shortly , and the time of the day was dusk .
va	O	呼吸管被放置好了，并且最终她稳定下来，使得重症监护室的工作人员可以让我和她单独在一起。
va	O	他品尝着我，闭上眼睛，并且我感到了那股悸动再次燃起……就在这时，我们身后大厅里响起了一群声音。
va	I	She still spoke briskly , but the earlier snap was gone .
va	O	我认不出他来，不过，并且我的思绪扫过我在学校的所有课程。
va	I	His eyes tightened , and he knew how Colonel Brand 's prediction had made me feel .
va	O	他的眼睛亮了起来，并且格蕾丝看得出他对这场单身汉拍卖会很感兴趣。
va	I	He nodded energetically and I asked him if he could communicate with the aliens .
va	O	约瑟夫的手搭在我的肩膀上，并且我把头靠在了上面。
va	I	That 's all that mattered and I knew I meant it .
va	I	My body is cold and my head is hot .
va	I	His expression was all business , but his wearables might have been kitschy .
va	O	我努力不去看，但是眉毛却深深吸引了我。
va	I	Elizabeth paused , and he smiled with devilish amusement , visibly daring her to proceed .
va	I	I knew I should run , yet I wanted this so badly .
va	O	不会有任何联系，并且此时玛丽安娜担心无论如何都会让她感到困惑。
va	I	Eventually the bombardment of our vessel was discontinued , but no one understood how the space craft managed this redirection .
va	I	Rena held on tighter , but Nick tried to pull his hand away from hers .
va	O	托尼本会问的，但是大卫已经走开了。
va	O	第七章 第二天早上我们又在瓦肯的一堂课上，但是这次我却被它迷住了。
va	I	I have to admit that he put up a good fight , but my cheeks go hot at the arrogant look on his face .
va	O	我在我站立的位置能看到托比亚斯嘴角，并且他正在微笑。
va	I	It may do him some good , and it 's not going to kill him .
va	I	It troubled them in a profound way , and it was the first unsupervised look any of them had seen of what the fug had left behind .
va	I	His eyes betrayed him , but his face was smooth as usual .
va	I	It went straight to voice mail , but crossing to the room 's only phone , Preston called his cell again .
va	O	我张开了嘴，但是我不知道该说什么。
va	O	他的头发被抓住了，并且他的头被抬了起来。
va	I	You always cracked everyone up with your funny remarks , and you were always the smartest gal in class .
va	I	She still could feel the increased heat , but she might not be touching him any longer .
va	O	衣柜很重，而且乔治努力移动它。
va	I	I think it nearly broke him mentally , and he didn 't know what had happened to me .
va	I	Having such a great daughter made up for it , but maybe she 'd been shortchanged in the husband arena .
va	O	魔法书有一个能让我穿过大门的咒语，但是我需要变形者的血液才能施展它。
va	O	他颤抖着把拳头按在我的刀刃上，而且与之前不同的是，刀刃变得坚固了，即使它很薄。
va	I	Emily faced Mr. Roland again , and then Chloe rushed off to her interview .
va	I	It would not be forgotten , and this point hit home with the jury .
va	I	Rather than deactivate it , they 'd waited to see if anyone used it , but no doubt he had reported it .
va	O	阿莱霍的太阳穴抽痛着，并且他感觉到自己在做鬼脸。
va	O	格雷戈里在这些地方很受人们欢迎，并且当孩子们过来抚摸他时，她会礼貌地微笑，就像他们总是做的那样。
va	I	His were , but okay , maybe her feelings weren 't raw after all .
va	O	他的衬衫脱了一半，而且最奇怪的是，有人哭泣着趴在他身上。
va	I	She stared at it for a moment , and the pillow fell off the bed .
va	I	There it is , the Aries Attila and I look up .
va	I	When he was done , he started toward the house , and it took him a few more minutes to unload the rest of the dog food .
va	O	她的音色不太刺耳，但是克莱知道他搞砸了。
va	O	他低头祈祷着，并且我猜想他六十多岁了。
va	I	He knew it and he didn 't deserve another week .
va	I	The second one reveals a narrow passage , but I push the first aside only to see bare stone .
va	O	温柔使他的表情柔和了下来，并且她觉得他从未如此迷人。
va	I	Red simply could not penetrate Yellow 's defenses and the reserves watched in shock as the clock kept ticking .
va	I	She believed him , and he nodded solemnly .
va	I	Josie would call and Hannah had left a message .
va	O	凯利走进房间，并且她的目光落在了理查德身上。
va	I	His first two puffs seemed to calm his nerves considerably , but his hands were still shaking as he lit the cigarette .
va	O	这会帮助他痊愈，并且这会平息他的怒火。
va	I	I pull a face because I really do hate melted marshmallows and he licks his fingers .
va	O	她打开了离楼梯顶部最近的门，并且米里亚姆走了进去。
va	O	他无法把它像以前那样牢固地安放好，但是他大体上还是设法把它重新楔了回去。
va	O	她还没有醒，但是看起来治疗奏效了。
va	O	外面那匹黑马是午夜，并且他是一匹阉马。
va	O	她的嘴巴合拢了他的阴茎头部，并且他的喉咙哽住了他的话。
va	O	她现在闻起来像个醉汉，但是她的体温已经明显下降了。
va	O	黑猫缓解了抵在塔维身上颤抖的肌肉的紧张，并且它们突然变软了。
va	I	There they were , and she turned suddenly .
va	O	这似乎是一种非理性的行为，但是路易莎比他更了解她的祖父。
va	O	它离密西西比河只有几英尺，并且我可以想象只要下一点雨，整条高速公路都会被淹没。
va	O	他知道那只母狼曾和我一起待在我的塔里，但是他不知道她的能力。
va	I	Something told me Keller would be expecting me , and I still didn 't trust Marlowe .
va	I	We all laughed about me picking up the old beer cans , and we talked through the events that had transpired .
va	I	Boy was I glad it worked out okay , and Life had a funny way of working out .
va	O	瑞安微微皱了一下眉，但是他的妈妈似乎没有注意到。
va	O	我喜欢对伊兹喊叫，但是她现在早已不见踪影了。
va	I	When she noticed what was on the front page , almost dropped it back to the floor , and she took the magazine up from the floor .
va	I	Both opted for baby steps , but there had been a few sexually tense moments .
va	O	丹尼尔想问他同样的事情，但是他很确定自己知道答案。
va	I	Ethan hadn 't been aiming for her , but chance pushed Gwen back .
va	I	He seemed to have a better handle on his power , but she did not know if he was still so burdened .
va	I	Then I realize that he is reaching for me , and at first I think it is to steady himself .
va	O	其他人都上了各自的，并且我们朝着伊克方向回去了。
va	O	他手中的椅子相当普通，但是它有一些独特的特征。
va	O	他流血非常严重，并且他的双腿都以不自然的方式扭曲着。
va	O	佩特拉沉默不语，并且我几乎能看到她在重新考虑这个计划。
va	O	伊芙琳九岁了，并且尽管是家里唯一的女孩，却出奇地甜美可爱。
va	O	安吉琳的赤褐色头发变得银丝缕缕，并且细小的皱纹出现在她的脸上。
va	I	Her wings made the smallest of movements as if they were fighting to take off and she stood up .
va	I	A silent part of him knew exactly what it was , and something had ripped Herr 'D on 's armies to pieces .
va	I	They followed him and he knew the way back .
va	I	Christine came running down the hall , and a door slammed in the back .
va	I	I realized that the battlefield was quiet , and he listened for a moment .
va	O	即使这么远，她也能感觉到旋涡，并且它仍然很有诱惑力。
va	O	我的眼睛再次与他相遇，并且我震惊地后退。
va	O	他将他的愿景传达给所有英国人，并且你将在天黑前学到这一切。
va	O	她父亲的脚步声越来越近，并且他俯身到她的耳边。
va	I	She had nothing to shoot at , but twice Izzy drew an arrow back .
va	I	One of the rat dogs stood , but I started to turn into him .
va	O	我为说了这些话而觉得自己是世界上最坏的人，但是我必须做些什么。
va	O	利亚姆不会发现她在等他，并且她会困在这里。
va	I	It wasn 't there , but I really wanted to .
va	O	官员让守卫在格斗入口处停下，并且比利礼貌地向他们保证他会没事的。
va	O	他有数百年的性经验，并且它从未那样过。
va	O	我一直与艺术界保持距离，但是我想轰轰烈烈地离开它。
va	O	罗宾没有说话，并且我只把眼睛睁开一道缝，偷看他的脸。
va	O	我仍然想撕掉尼克的衣服，但是他的喉咙是安全的。
va	O	她想成为吸血鬼，并且我知道这是因为我。
va	O	他们做爱了，并且她就走了吗？
va	O	她伸出双臂，并且他们尴尬地拥抱了一下，然后各自后退了一步。
va	O	最后一次会面，他叹了口气对自己说，并且这将会一样该死的棘手。
va	O	他感受到了她的失望之情，并且这深深地伤害了他。
va	O	梅里林开始悄悄溜走，但是怪物并没有措手不及。
va	O	他开始写作了，并且他停不下来。
va	O	他的表情稍有变化，但是他脸上仍带着笑容。
va	O	我在房间里四处寻找埃文，但是他已经离开了。
va	O	霍沃思对主题的突然改变感到困惑，但是他的表情很快就明朗了。
va	O	阿里克因紧张而僵硬，并且丹妮的眼睛因惊讶而睁大。
va	O	我用胳膊肘顶了他一下，并且他笑了。
va	O	我对她的抽泣是正确的，但是当她透过泪眼看着我时，她的脸从深深的绝望变成了即刻的担忧。
va	I	She adds a chair to make it three , and the hostess returns with our table for two .
va	I	It shifted slightly every time he moved and the splint was made of wood , tied into place .
va	O	我摇晃双手，好像要放松神经，但是我并不紧张。
va	O	我们一直在互相通报我们知道的任何信息，但是到目前为止，这似乎已经发生了两次。
va	I	For now it looked almost as good as Philadelphia , but in a month the scene would be pretty bleak .
va	I	Aaron was his best friend , but I was Juliet 's friend .
va	I	She saw that his face was tight , as if he were in pain , and Jem pulled away .
va	I	It threatens the safety of everyone , and things are getting out of control .
va	O	齐克很久以前就计划了这次袭击，并且今晚他确保用汽车尾气掩盖了他接近的任何气味。
va	O	凝视着她，他又按下了按钮，并且平板屏幕嗡嗡地缩回了它的柜子里。
va	I	Every moment was like a knife in my heart , and we all sat in absolute silence watching them adore each other .
va	O	我试图站起来，但是我立刻摔倒了。
va	O	我撞上了涵洞，并且我的车被毁了。
va	O	我明白他和我姐姐密谋了，但是他当时和我在一起，只有我。
va	O	特拉维斯·杰克逊提到镇上还有另一名猎人，但是他拒绝透露那个人的名字。
va	I	Thimble leaned forward to watch , and Stone handled that task with a skill born of practice .
va	I	Chess leaned in , close to me , and I crumpled a little bit .
va	O	离吃辣椒已经很久了，并且他们走了很多路。
va	I	His crew would face in the coming years and he also looked forward to the adventures he .
va	I	Callie flinches and it pops .
va	I	The sound lacked humor , but he laughed .
va	I	She sat next to me , very close , leaning against me , and then she led me into the house , to a sofa .
va	O	我没那么好，并且我不认为他也是。
va	I	Roberto decided to do it early in the morning , when most of those men would still be asleep and it was already late .
va	I	She was sure she was going to try , but she wasn 't sure she could do it .
va	I	It was playing tricks on my brain that was swimming in tequila and I could feel the heat radiating off his body .
va	O	我的大脑又开始运作了，也许不那么好，但是它开始产生想法了。
va	I	I was close enough to hear but he spoke under his breath , seemingly to himself .
va	O	我从未去过一个也能给你刮胡子的地方，但是路易斯却去了。
va	I	We started to dance again and as if the conversation were finished , Jack pulled me close .
va	I	He hadn 't considered the possibility of death , but Thomas had assumed that it was possible to cast yourself into a coma .
va	O	他的脚踉跄着寻找立足点，但是他仍然跑着，同时在内心回想着那突如其来的记忆。
va	I	I wondered who would sit there , and the table next to us was empty .
va	I	I grinned in spite of myself and he gave me a slow clap .
va	I	Make sure you come to this very spot , but at that time the gates will be open .
va	O	在过去的三周里她已经听过它几十遍了，并且她知道所有的歌词。
va	I	Rachel was surprised that so many people were here and they waited at the end of the long line .
va	O	他使用了你的组织，并且我们看起来非常合法。
va	I	He didn 't pay any attention , but Nate gave him a warning glare .
va	I	He had to find it fast , and he had to find something .
va	O	他需要制定某种计划，或者可能，以后就不会再有了。
va	O	俱乐部入口的队伍已经开始移动，并且我没有动惹恼了我身后的女士们。
va	O	我小心翼翼地爬到母亲身后，并且谢尔盖跟着我。
va	I	We certainly shouldn 't be here now , and we should have left Chicago months ago .
va	O	我很高兴能回家，但是这种感觉没有持续多久。
va	O	她看起来很需要它，并且他发现他无法抗拒。
va	I	We were strange people in a normal world , but our relationship was a strange one , that was for sure .
va	I	I don 't hear him , but Luca says something as well .
va	O	他以为他的母亲在洪水中失踪了，但是她来找他了。
va	I	They smoked the ceremonial pipe , and Chief Silver Eagle spoke to each one .
va	I	Casey assured me it wasn 't a problem , but I was nervous about her coping with the different transit schedules .
va	O	他的手臂麻木了，并且当他活动手臂以促进血液循环时，他感觉到了下面的温暖身体。
va	I	I seriously doubted Stanton would interrogate him anytime soon , but maybe it was wrong to drag Trey into this lie .
va	I	The chef was indeed able to whip up a vegetable risotto that was to die for , and the waiter was extremely accommodating .
va	I	It was hard to watch , and I 'd never seen her so grim before .
va	O	我请求你相信我，并且你需要完全相信我。
va	I	It 's her tenth birthday , and today I am a girl named Cara .
va	O	我本该告诉你，但是那实在是太糟糕了。
va	I	The doors yawned open reluctantly , and she pushed the button to stop the elevator .
va	O	你的号码到了，并且它不见了。
va	I	The men would have to make more trips at each portage and if packs were too small , then more would be needed .
va	O	她装出一副强硬的样子，但是当她走近入口时，我看到她脸色明显发白。
va	O	你在我犹豫的地方很果断，并且我在你害怕的地方很自信。
va	O	女性总是很容易找到工作，并且法院乐于从囚犯那里获得免费劳动力。
va	O	他们有来往，但是几个月前他们的关系变得有点超越了普通关系。
va	O	他说，他不会拿任何薪水，但是他会需要一张记者证。
va	I	I don 't think she ever saw me , but I looked at her for a few seconds .
va	O	他挣扎着去理解被告知的内容，但是他的思绪缓慢地打着转。
va	I	She tested the door and the marker pointed inside .
va	I	He continued to stand so close to her that her body began to betray her , but he didn 't .
va	I	He might not have eaten anything , or I cooked for him as often as not .
va	I	This is what you decide to demand - and so many things I 've wanted to give you .
va	O	最终我决定最好做点什么来结束这一切，并且这不是退缩。
va	O	他办公室的门打开了，并且恢复查尔斯·罗曼昔日自我的计划被口述了出来。
va	I	She knew the man on the horse wanted her but Bronwen didn 't understand what was happening .
va	I	Inside she was doing a slow burn , but she said it very firmly .
va	I	We should have this warlock taken care of today and we 've already lost two months .
va	I	There were alcohol bottles everywhere and every piece of furniture was pushed aside .
va	I	The car landed on top of her and neither of them was wearing a seatbelt .
va	O	我应该很累了，但是我没有。
va	O	她的嘴动了动想说出那个词，但是没有声音发出来。
va	O	那个形状不知为何不同了，但是他无法说出原因。
va	I	He sighed and I frowned .
va	O	一股欲望冲向他的腹股沟，并且他挪了挪椅子。
va	O	她低头看了一眼他的背包，希望能再瞥见一眼那个盾牌，但是他已经完全藏好了。
va	I	One too many made a man nervous , but Coincidence was acceptable up to a point .
va	O	我的父母必须向你们政府申报他们何时到来，但是他们这次忘了。
va	O	晚饭后我给韦斯顿打了电话，并且我们聊了一个小时关于那辆车的事。
va	O	他能看到订书钉从侧面掉出来，并且他决定他宁愿让它空着。
va	O	你别挡我的道，并且我也不会挡你的道。
va	O	谢谢，女士，但是我会照顾她的。
va	I	The sea devoured the offering and the cage was tossed overboard .
va	O	我会以为那更像一个痛苦的表情，考虑到我的脸有多疼，但是显然格里芬有不同的解读。
va	I	They both disappeared , and the girl looked up to her mother , who nodded in approval .
va	O	甜心卡罗尔的大罪就是每天早上看日出，并且她死了，因为她喜欢与邻居分享这份经历。
va	O	他理解她为什么会选择走捷径，但是他还没彻底跟她了结。
va	I	I hate making them feel as though I expect it , but I can use the older children , of course .
va	O	他们会都坐在客厅里，并且他会告诉他们他的梦有多么生动。
va	I	They said their good-byes , and Monk stood .
va	I	This wound wasn 't healing with time , but everyone said that time heals all wounds .
va	O	士兵放松了他的抓握，并且雷玛挣脱了。
va	O	我们周围的森林消失了，取而代之的是一片鲜花盛开的草地，但是我因为太恐慌而无法调查。
va	O	她笑了，并且他内心的某个东西崩裂了。
va	I	He could vent his fury with vague justification and by now his parents would have bitten .
va	I	I followed her gaze , and she finally looked up at the man she had landed on .
va	I	Dayan fought down the rising beast , and the thought triggered the dangerous aggression of his species .
va	O	它看起来像一个珠宝盒，并且从它的尺寸来看，里面藏着一个大家伙。
va	O	有人把她推向前，并且她的视线被拉走了。
va	I	Finally they heard his voice again , but it seemed to take Jeff forever .
va	O	他的肩膀僵硬了，但是他没有回头。
va	I	I feared it , but I didn 't understand it .
va	I	With us he 's almost totally blocked , but he 'll reel off lifetimes of predictions for strangers .
va	O	甚至在他的臀部在我身上起伏之前，我就知道接下来会发生什么，并且他抽身离开了。
va	O	这不关任何人的事，然而事实却是如此，因为他的根在这里。
va	I	I can 't deny his feelings for you , and he loves you .
va	O	他们一上了高速公路，汽车跑得更好了，并且行驶也很平稳。
va	O	他穿着普通的医院病号服，并且我看不出他身上有任何明显的标记。
va	I	The effect was nothing short of spectacular , but it was a bit lower that she had been aiming .
va	O	金凯德有一把枪，但是枪在他的办公室里。
va	I	I find it hard to breathe , and Ryan 's entire body goes tense .
va	I	His tender touch sent tingling sensations down her body and he brushed a strand of hair from her cheek .
va	O	我知道生活有时会变得很疯狂，而且这听起来是个很好的机会。
va	I	On the back was written I 'll never forget how scared we were in the caves and it was a school picture !
va	O	萨姆在第一个星期天相当紧张，而且只有少数几个人和他说话。
va	I	She could not turn around , and she could not answer him .
va	O	在那之前，特拉维斯一直是家里的厨师，但是她一点一点地开始介入厨房。
va	I	I made my way into the kitchen to grab a plate , and my body relaxed , finally .
va	I	He 'd respected that , and she 'd set up a pattern of silence .
va	I	Dave sensed that his friend was searching for a real purpose in life and Tony D 's car detailing business had failed .
va	O	你想让我保护你，而且我就是要这么做。
va	O	教书每小时付三十五美分，但是我不会被更高的工资所诱惑。
va	I	The PA goes quiet , and there 's a click .
va	I	He turned toward her and his hand left hers .
va	I	She wanted no part of that , but I tried to console her with the usual platitudes .
va	I	Aria pulled away fast , suddenly uncomfortable with touching him , but a large guy on the basketball team bumped into her , knocking her into Noel .
va	O	詹姆斯已经两岁多了，而且我无法忍受他被带走。
va	O	事情会发生变化，并且她无法忍受失去他这个朋友。
va	I	There 's answers everywhere you look and you step outside under the sky .
va	I	I knew things would go on as expected , but I wasn 't sure how I felt about it .
va	I	I was completely exhausted by the time we got to the hotel , and it was late on the east coast when our plane touched down .
va	I	He wasn 't having it , but I tried to argue the point .
va	I	He also knocked down Rebecca 's five , but then he buried the ten .
va	O	他的身体完美地撞上了树的V形分叉处，但是惯性差点把他甩到另一边。
va	O	黑暗中传来一声巨响，并且她感到一阵恐惧袭来。
va	I	Sam stopped me with an arm encircling my waist , but 10 I climbed the steps of my parents ' house , toward my room .
va	I	She smiled , and he said it as a friend would , without implications .
va	I	Again he didn 't answer , and Jamie tried his cell again .
va	O	尽管她镇定自若的外表正在崩塌，他仍能听到她的心跳加速，也能闻到她的恐惧。
va	I	She tried to keep herself occupied , but she had nothing on her schedule .
va	O	诚然，罗曼声称他感觉到了什么，但是他喝得跟我一样多。
va	I	Ravages me and a flash of reality swoops in .
va	I	The bracelet began burning my wrist , and my shield collapsed , overloaded .
va	O	他转过头片刻，并且我相当确定他正在擦眼泪。
va	O	我需要水、水分，任何能帮助我吞咽的东西，并且我需要现在就吞咽。
va	I	That seemed irrelevant , but I knew I wasn 't as pretty as some girls at school .
va	I	Together , they make their way towards me , and he stands up .
va	I	She had painted her face , in the manner suited to the occasion and she looked every inch the warrior , her armor shone in the firelight .
va	O	他的房间总是那么乱，并且他似乎还打算把我的房间也弄乱。
va	O	奥布里正在舔一个半吃过的纸杯蛋糕上的糖霜，并且我赶紧从她手中拿走了它。
va	O	那些话语从我口中脱口而出，并且当达米安抽身离开时，我看到他嘴角浮现出自鸣得意的笑容。
va	O	真正的美人鱼喜欢我，但是我无法和她们交谈。
va	O	我前面的人挪动了，并且我也跟着照办了，山姆也一样。
va	O	我推开了那个怨灵，并且奏效了。
va	I	Magdalene drew me away and he let me go .
va	O	双方交火了几枪，并且随后宫殿卫兵投降了。
va	I	I 'm not sure why but I 'm feeling light-headed .
va	I	Being treating for an illness no one could diagnose and they were all still sick .
va	O	他去年被抓了，但是他从未出卖他的手下。
va	O	他轻柔地抓着我膝盖的手僵硬了，并且他迅速移开了手，把它放在了方向盘上。
va	O	你到家后可以给我发邮件，并且如果我醒着，我们就聊聊。
va	I	The streets were wreathed in fire and the sky was filled with helicopters .
va	I	His eyes showed the truth , but I wanted what he was saying to be a lie .
va	I	He 's not so old that he 'd rather rest than run , but he 's old enough not to get excited every time somebody walks by .
va	I	We 're still waiting for it to go nationwide , but an appeal has been shown in the northeast region .
va	O	她还没看到他们，但是她知道他们会在那里。
va	O	我被困住了，并且我知道。
va	O	姜杰·兰迪斯·伦肖可能是一位慈爱的祖母，但是她没有表现出任何迹象表明她打算成为祖父母以外的任何角色。
va	O	我相信他被她吸引了，但是我恐怕他也想占有她。
va	O	是的，那一部分带来的身体上的快感让他欣喜不已，但是精神上的……情感上的……甚至更好。
va	O	我无法解释，并且他也没有问。
va	O	你很有天赋，并且你正值巅峰时期。
va	I	There was no need , but James stepped aside so I could see it .
va	I	The Red Cross will leave and the United Nations will leave .
va	O	我爱你乔伊，但是我也需要你的帮助。
va	O	她想打一架，而且她非常想打。
va	O	会有孩子，而且她确实爱你。
va	O	是的，身体确实缩小了，但是不，他的垂体没有病变。
va	O	我确信里面装饰得很华丽，而且我非常好奇他过着怎样的生活。
va	I	She didn 't particularly care to try , and there would be no changing his mind .
va	I	She hugged me until I could barely breathe and her arms wrapped around my neck .
va	O	又过了两分钟，并且他的思想再次在她脑海中响起。
va	I	The guys on the field celebrated the touchdown and people were chanting Romeo 's name .
va	O	我做了一个大范围的扫射，并且那个警察的光束熄灭了。
va	I	She was threatening to hurt you , and we were broken up .
va	I	I sat there frozen and my mouth gaped open .
va	I	He kissed me , and I embraced him .
va	O	他刚出院，但是他仍然一团糟，艾比。
va	I	I stood up to go get it and a knock on the door interrupted my dark thoughts .
va	I	She was so hot she could barely stand the heat and she had no point of reference .
va	I	No one was there , but he clicked it on .
va	I	She didn 't know what was making her feel that way , and the need to do that was almost painful .
va	O	扬声器被关了，并且约翰尼就那样留着。
va	I	It stood up sharply , walking without a word and the guard spoke a codeword into 49 's ear .
va	I	She felt his body relax , and he smiled , as brilliant as the sun coming out from behind the clouds .
va	O	我不是个挑食的人，但是夏洛特还不了解我这点。
va	O	年轻女士的眼睛颤动着睁开了，并且她朝同伴瞥了一眼。
va	O	世界可能已经死了，他想，但是那些在轨道上的卫星还在继续运行着。
va	I	It didn 't matter , but his ship was still miles up .
va	O	车在车库尽头，但是那有一点坡度。
va	O	传来一阵抽泣声，并且然后一个细弱的声音传了出来。
va	I	With the proper motivation , I could be a very good student , and something told me Noah had lots to say on the subject of temptation .
va	O	他的眼睛探寻着我的眼睛，并且我很震惊它们的变化如此之小。
va	I	The other two had somehow doubled back or this meant that either someone else was following us .
va	I	He treated me that way and he thought I was precious .
va	I	The whole place smelled of smoke and the wood was splintered .
va	O	那是个坏习惯，但是我忍不住。
va	O	他接着把它从我身边移开，并且数字下降了。
va	O	我现在对此非常清楚，但是我想相信他说的是实话。
va	I	I felt an urgency to force her to agree with me and she didn 't reply .
va	O	清冷的空气穿过树林，压迫着她的胸甲，并且她很感谢她的盔甲。
va	O	还有一些建筑群仍然屹立着，并且它们应该足够了。
va	I	He could not sleep , and CHAPTER TEN That night Rico lay in bed , the king-sized bed that now seemed much too big for him alone .
va	O	维尼在门口等我，并且这无疑是一个不好的迹象。
va	I	There was a high , unearthly whistling sound as the wound sucked inward and the little blind girl 's chest heaved .
va	I	You should be , and you may be scared right now .
va	O	哇，在这里还不到五分钟，并且我已经交到新朋友了。
va	I	It was some time before she was able to regain her composure , and Agnes 's bottom lip dropped open in amazement .
va	O	他们现在还没有完全应付过来，但是这不是他们的错。
va	O	忽略了胸部，我带着自己的疑问回到了那双淡褐色的眼睛，并且答案很快就浮现在我脑海中。
va	O	他四处张望寻求帮助，但是视野中没有任何人。
va	O	我仍然不确定他话中的意思，但是我知道不知何故，这与我此刻没有抽搐的原因有关。
va	I	It had turned on and he had clicked the flashlight .
va	I	I couldn 't help it , but I felt childish .
va	O	他们会被改变，或者他们会死去。
va	O	她想让我承认我是她父亲，但是你知道那件事。
va	O	他告诉我关于脑部手术的事情，并且我跟他谈论虫洞。
va	I	He nodded in affirmation and I asked .
va	I	The bindings were loose and her wounds were discoloured .
va	O	他们也抓住了他，并且他们一直在调教他。
va	O	吕西安已经离开了，并且其他人正坐在墙边，以致命的效率擦拭着他们的武器。
va	I	Jonas became an eagle and Sharon turned to a palomino mare .
va	I	Every next work will be better , because he is better , and the next work will be different , because he will be different .
va	O	我无法掩饰我的惊讶，但是没有人对我足够感兴趣去注意到它。
va	O	是的，即使是坏男孩也有荣誉准则，并且今晚我计划找到那个准则的漏洞。
va	I	I was immediately airborne , and I thrust with my soft wings .
va	I	He puts gritty h 's at the beginning of his words and his voice is lined with cigarette smoke .
va	I	I felt like I 'd grown up so much since then , but it had hardly been any time at all .
va	I	This song I could recognize for sure , and the values changed along with the technique .
va	O	他让我不要插手这件事，并且他从不参与家族事务。
va	I	Stil the dreams came , and a new semester had begun .
va	O	我不确定她是否能听到我说话，但是那不重要了。
va	I	My mom hangs her head in shame and I shake my head , letting go of her arm .
va	I	She had hoped perhaps they could find some together , and neither of them had much faith at the time .
va	I	She was already burned out , and it was only the first day of school .
va	O	查理熄灭了引擎，并且我们撞上了腐朽的码头。
va	O	没有其他人排队，并且人们低着头走过。
va	I	The rest of her was out , but the water still yanked at her ankles , threatening to pull her off .
va	O	她显然害怕真相，但是她却不会回避它。
va	O	我总觉得买蛋糕有点内疚，因为自己烤一个很容易，但是冰淇淋是完美的夏日甜点。
va	O	我们俩都在完全的沉默中吃饭，并且我从头到尾没有抬起头看我的盘子。
va	I	He was gnawing on his pencil trying to figure out the motion problem and his physics homework was a lot tougher .
va	I	Gansey certainly couldn 't , but Adam , friend of cars everywhere , might have been able to determine what was wrong with it this time .
va	I	I can see it nonetheless , but I don 't know about what .
va	I	She immediately dug into her sandwich and their food came .
va	O	过去几天的兴奋一直很强烈，并且现在，这种兴奋的缺失令人感到失望。
va	O	一切都烟消云散了，并且那正是我想要的。
va	I	She whispers in his ear and he squats down next to her .
va	O	它又疼了一会儿，但是然后我就能轻松呼吸，没有剧烈的疼痛了。
va	O	肯把自己的房间让给了她，并且他睡了客厅的沙发。
va	I	He had to do something and she coughed badly .
va	I	This time , the video has ended and the screen goes black again .
va	O	所有的灯都熄灭了，并且一堆闪烁的余烬是曾经点燃的壁炉唯一的迹象。
va	I	He took to avoiding her , and she had already become the symbol of the caretaker to Major Smythe .
va	I	You have my respect , but I 've got to say you 've got some pretty big balls .
va	O	她猛按了电源按钮，并且机器咔嗒作响地启动了。
va	I	He sits across from me and I take a seat at a café style table .
va	I	Then she slapped him with all the force at her command , and she digested that a moment .
va	I	She wasn 't going down without a fight , but failure loomed right ahead .
va	O	天空被烟雾笼罩着，并且它正沿着那条路径前进。
va	I	Positive thoughts radiated from him , and his fingers massaged my scalp .
va	I	I wanted to hurt him the way he hurt me , but I didn 't mean it even as I said it .
va	I	Orson looked back at me , and I was leaning against the double doors .
va	O	其中一位教练喊了一声命令，并且在我意识到之前，球正朝我这边扔来。
va	I	Even her brother couldn 't be bothered to speak on her behalf , and nobody seemed to care enough about her to stand by her side .
va	I	He felt the muscle jump in his jaw and Callum knew what he meant .
va	I	She was breathing hard , trying to stay calm and her mouth was dry .
va	I	This was a good one , but I 'd seen a lot of hard looks in my day .
va	I	He sensed he was issuing a reprimand , but Mac still couldn 't hear Baggy Pants .
va	I	They flood your lungs with water , drowning you and their lips seal to yours .
va	I	I was going to need this more than him , but I felt a pang of guilt .
va	O	他需要有人在他身边，即使他明天醒来并且她又不知道发生了什么事。
va	I	His eyes cleared immediately and he caught himself .
va	I	She turned on the light like she had when she was a little girl , and her heart pounded .
va	O	他们在任何问题上都很少意见一致，并且他们的目的几乎是深不可测的。
va	I	Sometimes that means I have to be grumpy , and I 'm more used to being the boss .
va	O	我问，并且她点头。
va	O	我已经完全忘记了时间，但是我们的三天一定已经到期了。
va	I	I must be there to receive them , and there are new clerics on their way .
va	O	她的脖子看起来很适合咬一口，并且我非常乐意把牙齿咬进她身体里。
va	I	I knew she 'd seen it , but I tried to hide the rifle .
va	I	She finally got the message and silently he shook his head .
va	O	凯德试图把我拉起来，但是我的身体感觉很沉重。
va	I	Connor took a step back , and the heat in the room seemed to increase suddenly .
va	O	现在是晚上，并且他们终于到了。
va	I	Sasha strapped her seatbelt across her chest , and Vivian started the car .
va	I	I don 't move , but she 's already standing , ready to go .
va	I	He didn 't know whether she 'd put her love life before her family , but Ty had no doubt she had a thing for Hunter .
va	I	We kept in touch but Josh stayed in Mesa .
va	I	He looked forward to doing it again , and all he knew was that he 'd enjoyed holding Charlotte in his arms , enjoyed kissing her .
va	O	萨利递给我一把钥匙，并且我重新把注意力放回他身上。
va	I	Angelica congratulated herself on her quick thinking , and Maia couldn 't argue with her logic .
va	I	Work has been crazy lately , but I 've been hoping to get to the local library .
va	O	我有时会做这样一个梦，梦见自己在一个白色的房间里，没有家具，但是有两扇出口。
va	O	她不会是我通常会喜欢的那种女人，那种我会被吸引的类型，但是她身上有些部分可能会是。
va	O	他欠我几个人情，并且这些果然奏效了。
va	O	他的身体僵硬着，但是他的双臂环抱住我，把我紧紧地按在他的胸前。
va	I	I was too overcome by emotion to even attempt to make sense out of them , but the words exchanged by the siblings remained in my head .
va	O	克丽丝听起来不怎么热情，并且苏珊娜不怪她。
va	I	He began to panic and for a moment his heart rate accelerated .
va	I	Her face tightened , and Anger flashed in Salina 's eyes .
va	O	她被找到了，并且现在一切都结束了。
va	O	我看到他脸上闪过一丝理解，并且我知道他明白我指的是哪份报纸。
va	O	她在接下来的几个小时里要打扫十二间套房，并且她想留下一个好印象。
va	O	他留下了他的布，并且我用它擦掉了我脸上的汗水。
va	I	The other part of her was worried about Maggie , but part of her wanted to laugh .
va	I	No part of me wanted him to stop , and he was charming me out of my doubts .
va	I	I felt my stomach churn , and the boat lunged down into the trough of the wave .
va	O	她的尖叫声在他的耳中回荡，但是她还是尽快适应她的新现实吧。
va	I	Everyone is cleaning up and the meal is finished .
va	O	火灭了，并且一阵冷风划破空气。
va	O	她一直小心翼翼地没有穿白衬衫，但是即使是黑色也无法隐藏她对他的反应。
va	O	你只需要做好心理准备来应对房地产经纪人，但是我会在这方面帮你。
va	O	那是真正的原因，并且它很痛，就像一把刀扎在我的心里。
va	I	We didn 't let them pass , but freaks tested our defenses from all sides .
va	O	她只是回瞪着，并且婴儿开始哭泣。
va	I	Those relationships are important , and you two have been friends for a long time .
va	O	也许你认为我是出于公民意识而做这件事的，或者我怀有某种潜在的冒险欲望。
va	I	His eyes were the brightest blue she had ever seen and his hair fell in light waves to his shoulders .
va	I	Adam held his father 's shoulders in his arms and when the last of her life was gone , David fell to his knees beside her bed .
va	I	Then , change was inevitable , even for vampires , but Rodin had changed in the years since Drake had last seen him .
va	I	That didn 't mean Mrs. Cross had to banish her from the classroom , but Aria wished she had friends , too .
va	I	Regular confession probably isn 't until next Saturday , and you needed to get something off your chest .
va	I	Then she reached out to take the skull , but the skeleton woman seemed puzzled for a moment .
va	O	他把门又推开了一些，但是他想说的话却卡在了喉咙里。
va	I	We sprint full out away from the skiff and Hit grabs my hand .
va	I	It was beginning to get chilly , and the sun was low in the sky .
va	I	I instructed Sylvia where to go and we all got in the car .
va	I	Nicko ended up looking rather like Maxie and Boy 412 turned out to be a good shot .
va	O	她惊恐地看着卡桑德拉，并且卡桑德拉笑了。
va	O	允许自己自由存在，并且答案会找到你。
va	O	埃里克很高兴，并且他笑容满面。
va	O	我希望我能用全身来表达我对她的爱，并且我们之间的吊带让人非常沮丧。
va	I	It is true but it 's hard to hear .
va	I	They had drunk just enough vodka to take the bait , and he 'd played both the men .
va	O	那道光让我回到我自己的床上清醒过来，并且我羡慕我在梦境中拥有的超能力。
va	I	I was too close , but I walked back to the car .
va	I	Nina followed and Seth lifted himself into the cabin of the helicopter .
va	I	Gem was very familiar with the layout , and I built it a few years ago .
va	O	我以为那个年长的男人是首席守护者，但是结果是她。
va	I	Whatever they did , it worked , but my parents may have been crazy .
va	O	建筑物的外部很脏，并且有一面被涂上了宣传画，而这些宣传画又被涂鸦破坏了。
va	I	I realized soon enough that few were looking at us , but Night time partygoers had their attentions quickly diverted .
va	I	I give in and you 've beaten me down .
va	O	他们的所有证件似乎都齐全，但是他们对他们此行的确切目的有点含糊不清。
va	O	被陌生人包围着，并且思念着一个儿子。
va	O	他的左侧部分瘫痪，并且他正处于深度睡眠中。
va	O	他的眼睛看起来睡眠不足，但是他的神态表现出一种焦躁不安。
va	O	灯灭了，这让我惊慌失措地去拉拉绳，并且谢天谢地它再次照亮了舒适的房间。
va	I	The dimly lit tents rested all around her and the embers of the fire were still cooling .
va	O	我又试了一次，并且第三次。
va	I	She shoved herself away from him , and she felt his arm loosen .
va	O	通常我更擅长控制情绪，但是最近，我的情绪占了上风。
va	I	I escaped into the woods and a fireman took me outside .
va	O	玛格丽特不知道这是否公平，但是她知道她会想办法支付的。
va	O	瑞安可能是一个电影明星，但是他是我生活中唯一平凡的事物。
va	O	我的家人要为她的损失负责，而且我永远都无法弥补。
va	O	我害怕那种拒绝，而且我拒绝让我的孩子被拒绝。
va	O	我对她做了口型，而且她开始咯咯地笑。
va	I	He squared up to him but the man 's voice had become gentler .
va	O	我的意思是，我们的父母确实经常去射击场，但是他们从没表现出是全国步枪协会（NRA）那种人。
va	I	I kiss his pudgy cheek , and eros giggles .
va	O	我们的房子不整洁，但是我的妈妈确实打扫了。
va	O	他们晚上可能睡得很好，但是我了解安德森家的真相。
va	I	I couldn 't have looked away if I tried , and it was like the sun had appeared from behind the clouds .
va	O	我努力调节我的音量，好让查理听不到，但是我却想把这些话喊出来。
va	O	他脸上的肿已经消了，但是他的淤青还要在那里留一阵子。
va	O	我知道他们听不见我，但是我忍不住低声说话。
va	O	她感觉到我在看她，并且她的目光猛地抬了起来。
va	I	Flames sprang to life in the rock fireplace , and as they entered , he waved a hand .
va	O	乔比我大两岁，但是那并没有阻止我们成为朋友！
va	O	大坝风化成了更柔和的灰色调，并且它后面的湖水涨满了。
va	I	What she probably thought was haughtily , or she said , haughtily .
va	I	In the end I 'm left with nothing , and I always help other people .
va	I	They were well hidden from their enemies , but their progress through this place very slow .
va	I	He needed help , and he was stranded .
va	I	I couldn 't bring myself to take it back , and I couldn 't bring myself to look at him .
va	I	The memories evaded his grasp , but Merrick strained his mind to recall where he needed to go .
va	O	警方无法核实其中任何内容——虚假官僚机构层层叠叠，但是联系确实存在。
va	I	I turn to look at her and Amy taps me on my shoulder .
va	O	出现了低低的私语声，并且接着前门砰地一声关上了。
va	O	他充满希望地看着杰伊，并且她笑了。
va	O	我不应该为一辆车感到兴奋，但是我却是。
va	O	那个粗哑的声音应该是我听到的，并且那些耳朵应该是我用来倾诉所有秘密的。
va	I	My mom Sandy was the real beauty , but he was quite the looker as a younger man .
va	I	I 'd be rich , and if my dad hadn 't brought Mitchell into the family , Grandpa wouldn 't have given him my money .
va	I	I was a woman and I was very much reminded that he was a man .
va	I	I wave my hands , and he latches onto my leg .
va	O	参议院启动了一项官方调查，但是庞德克斯特被免罪了。
va	I	I 'll explode or I 've got something I have to say .
va	O	塔维为她的雇主倒了更多的咖啡，并把它端到凯特琳坐在窗边发呆的地方。
va	I	The feeling was gone , and Tom tapped her shoulder .
va	I	The landing was not as rough as I had anticipated , but he made the same grunting noise to land as he did when we departed .
va	O	我实在不喜欢在他家见他的主意，但是我却在擅闯了他的房产后感觉有点任他摆布。
va	O	简不乐意违反这项法令，但是伦顿却在他们独处时每次都逼迫她。
va	O	她盖过了噪音尖叫，并且我可以看到当它让我们措手不及的时候，她也快要心脏病发作了。
va	O	哈丁清嗓子的声音提醒丹尼斯呼吸，并且他在昏倒之前猛吸了一口气。
va	O	他喘着气，并且鲜血从他嘴角流下。
va	O	克里夫继续前进，并且梅兰妮进入了新的订单，然后才从她上一个桌子取回账单。
va	I	She spoke the truth , but I don 't want it there .
va	I	I started to pick up on her train of thought , and I looked at the professor .
va	O	我希望我能做到，但是那风险太大了。
va	I	This is what we have to do if we want to stay alive but I may seem to strong .
va	I	They can just as easily kill him in the process , but there are drugs that can encourage a man to speak .
va	I	I nodded and she gave me a pointed look .
va	I	This wasn 't how she handled problems , and I knew Cameron .
va	O	这比戈斯预期的要晚一些，但是他对进展感到满意。
va	O	她感觉到地面震动，并且她旁边的墙移动了。
va	I	You were being skittish about the whole process but which is what they were trying to explain to you last night .
va	I	She pulled Ethan further into the dark , and Julie had come back to life at the chance to find Kim .
va	O	我张开嘴想尖叫，但是一只强有力的手迅速捂住了它。
va	O	我猛吸了一口气，但是在我能尖叫之前，我猛然间认清了事实。
va	I	All she had ever said was that people paid for their sins , yet she knew about the trips to Manor Road .
va	O	我把双腿从床上甩下来，并且我的赤脚踩到了冰冷的地板。
va	I	That side was not mine , and suddenly they were on the same side .
va	I	He polished off the drink , and Ethan had graduated to scotch .
va	I	I know one thing for sure , and I 've been around the business for a little while .
va	I	The fear of what might be pursuing them still made her feel frantic , but Relief at seeing him flooded her .
va	O	杰克同意替我们去商店，并且当我看到他脸上的担忧时，我感到很尴尬。
va	I	I 'd thought I was sophisticated enough to take him on , yet I 'd known who he was , knew his reputation .
va	I	Ria got lost in her excited reverie of thoughts , and Dan asked with a puzzled look on his face .
va	O	环在我腰上的手臂将我向前拉去，并且一瞬间后我被紧贴在他的身前。
va	O	我希望他能放过我，但是他拒绝了。
va	O	他的眼睛闪闪发光，并且他的嘴角翘起。
va	I	Every time she tried to fix things , she got shot down by someone higher up , but something wasn 't right .
va	O	很难忍住，因为人们开始从剧院里漫步出来，而且他们还在亲吻着。
va	I	I couldn 't make out what else she was saying , but I could hear Stacy mention my name to Shannon in the other room .
va	I	I didn 't waste a minute before lashing out with my fists , and the chains dropped to the floor .
va	O	他的头垂到了胸前，但是这并没有阻止他说话。
va	I	I felt the now-familiar tingle zip through me and to demonstrate , he touched my hand briefly .
va	I	They 're mandatory for anyone close to someone who is taken , but the therapy sessions are a total waste of time .
va	O	阿姆斯特丹是他世界上最喜欢的城市之一，并且他很好奇她是否会喜欢它。
va	I	I shudder , barely registering a keen of pure hunger from the beasts , and they take up a position just around the corner .
va	O	几个抱有希望的人尝试了，但是他们很快就被负责的老师打发走了。
va	O	她抬手遮眼，但是看到自己的血让她又快速放下了手。
va	I	He was watching me and his eyes were open .
va	O	陌生人对着男孩们吠叫，并且另一个男人推了他们一把。
va	O	是时候帮忙卸下莎莉的C-130了，而且他在那里得到了一个惊喜。
va	O	布雷兹在我身下飞奔，它的心脏剧烈跳动，并且我祈祷我们能及时到达目的地。
va	I	The forehead wrinkled and the eyebrows lowered .
va	I	We get to see him all the time but his grandparents still legally have him .
va	I	I breathed a sigh of relief , and Nan 's car was gone when I pulled up to the house .
va	I	There was no sign of the other one , Gina but one of her lipstick mafia girls was with her -- Jennifer -- .
va	O	他靠近了安倍，并且他自然地退后，把克莱尔也推了过去。
va	I	Nothing warmed a human 's blood like fear , and Blood was best served warm , after all .
va	O	奇特的摆设品散落在书架上的书籍之间，并且所有的物品都看起来像是有故事要讲。
va	O	敌人也会添加那个组件，但是一个狼人，即使是叛徒，也不会想接近银。
va	O	这花了一会儿，但是他终于想起来了。
va	I	They wanted to be with me and I told them about this place .
va	I	Like him , he 'd lay odds she carried a piece somewhere on her , but she was off duty .
va	I	Immediately it shot into the air and he pressed down on the orb .
va	O	他的眉毛皱得更深了，并且我们陷入了紧张的时刻，只是互相凝视，一言不发。
va	I	I 'm almost certain that there is surveillance , as well , and she 's got spies everywhere .
va	O	也许它们是空头承诺，但是三月从未让我失望。
va	O	我很抱歉，但是那对我来说行不通。
va	O	他试图亲吻她的嘴唇，但是她固定住他的头，等待她的王子回答。
va	O	她没有出去，并且电梯门又关上了。
va	O	他的创造力像爆裂的水管一样涌流，但是他缺乏实际执行的超前思维。
va	O	她在空中挥了挥手，仿佛没什么好担心的，并且我考虑过折断她手腕脆弱的关节。
va	I	No one else was available and the patrol needed to be done .
va	O	她问起来觉得很尴尬，但是她不能就此罢休。
va	I	I woke to blood boiling when I realized where she was and she inundated my thoughts .
va	I	He claimed he disliked being parted from her and she 'd been gone less than an hour .
va	I	I didn 't want to close it and I had a window to Jude 's room .
va	O	重要的是，格雷戈里·恩布里是个相信让大企业独善其身的人，并且华盛顿论坛企业就是大企业。
va	O	她知道那个声音是布雷克的，但是那声音是狼的，而不是人的。
va	O	格雷轻轻地抚摸我的脸，并且尽管我很想让他的手留在那里，但我知道他很快就会把它拿开。
va	I	Then made Grace wave , too , and Chloe waved .
va	O	他确实相信我，而且在内心深处，我一直知道他会的。
va	O	嗯，我没有赤身裸体，但是我却很脆弱。
va	O	他们两人花了数周时间收集事实，并且爸爸实际上还做了一些卧底工作。
va	I	I knew I was in the clear and I heard Mom 's voice coming from the kitchen .
va	I	I was still alive and I woke up .
va	O	多米尼克将双手举向天空，并且它们立刻平息了。
va	I	I quickly turned around to hide my deep blush from him and he handed me my cup .
va	I	She was completely ill-prepared and her greatest fear was closer than ever .
va	O	他不喜欢把东西运到河边处理掉的主意，但是他想不出更好的主意。
va	I	Honestly , I was surprised it had made it as long as it did and she was only 12 weeks along .
va	I	She felt herself relax against the pillows , but she forced her face to stay expressionless .
va	O	她以前从未经历过焦虑发作，但是她毫无疑问地知道自己现在正在经历一次。
va	O	她看到项链时，眼睛亮了起来，并且她开心地笑了。
va	I	I cannot really ignore its advantages but I should help him get over it .
va	I	Then Chance wiped down the trucks quickly , and the whole endeavor took half an hour .
va	O	凯恩不想承担任何责任，并且他流浪太久了。
va	I	His lip curled as he regarded the darkness and Tar 's eyes narrowed .
va	I	He saw her pressing the button for floor 36 , the top floor , but the girl had her back to him .
va	O	我醒了过来，并且它就在那里。
va	O	她说得有道理，并且她当然是对的。
va	I	He didn 't trust her , but he might desire this woman more than he 'd ever desired another .
va	O	再喝几杯潘趣酒，并且我就知道该怎么做了。
va	I	They were too fogged up to see through , but he took them out of his pocket .
va	O	玛丽亚没有看他，但是他感到，奇怪的是，她似乎很失望。
va	O	灼热的液体在灼烧时，让她的舌头刺痛，但是她还是迫不及待地喝了下去。
va	I	She forced herself to drink water every day , but she still could eat very little .
va	O	他很有绅士风度，但是在我与裘德通电话的时候让他的汤变凉没有道理。
va	O	不朽者对咖啡因很敏感，有些比其他的更敏感，并且他通常因此而避免它。
va	I	I planned to finish my training tomorrow but I hadn 't got as much stuff done as I would have liked .
va	O	她可能在娜塔莎的身体里，但是她没有控制权。
va	O	叫我老派也好，但是我不喜欢以工作的名义危害无辜的人。
va	I	He held my face , staring down and his fingers wrapped around the underside of my chin .
va	O	她一直很瘦，但是死后她显得很消瘦，几乎像骨架一样。
va	I	He 's here as a wingman of sorts , but he 's not strong enough for bouncing yet .
va	I	They chose not to come inside to find out what was happening , but I 'm sure that the massed troops outside heard all the screaming .
va	I	My body was my livelihood at the moment so I took care of myself , and I kept it that way .
va	I	The strangest feeling came over her and Tabitha leapt onto Jacobs turned back .
va	I	I smiled sheepishly , and a quick huff ripped from my lips .
va	O	那些灯都被砸碎了，并且吸顶灯掉在了地板上。
va	I	He heard nothing , but he listened to Hopkins ' thoughts hoping for any clue .
va	O	有些传输似乎包含视频部分，但是在我们确定它们的屏幕格式之前，我们不会有任何图像。
va	O	在那之前，他本来只打算稍微吓唬一下那个晚辈，但是现在他想把那个家伙的脸打扁。
va	I	I had nothing with me which could convincingly be a parcel , but there was a door at the back for late deliveries .
va	I	They keep coming back , but Mrs. Jenkins calls the cops on them at least twice a day .
va	I	He assured me that we would continue our talk after class but I only had about five minutes to talk to my professor .
va	O	衣服散落一地，并且几只金属衣架在他附近。
va	I	We were alive , and it was real .
va	O	最有可能它必须被放进吊带里，或者它就会无力地垂在他身侧，看起来很不自然。
va	O	一辆车在她前面吱嘎一声停了下来，并且她勉强及时刹车，才避免撞上它。
va	O	我抓起一把土，并且扔到我前面。
va	O	妈妈没有放下她的茶杯，并且她的眼睛越过茶杯偷看着我。
va	I	They were soon off though the boy 's stomach complained bitterly , and he refreshed himself in a swiftly running creek , saddled the horse .
va	I	Timmy would fit the bill perfectly and a little boy should have a dog to grow up with .
va	O	变形者被培育来交配，并且任何阻碍他们交配的都被排除在他们的生理机能之外。
va	O	我摸了摸脉搏，但是没有。
va	I	His fingers moved slowly , like after a snowball fight without gloves and his shoulders were numb .
va	I	She could not bear to see such a great man so horribly wounded , but her Element would allow her to feel all the damage .
va	O	他无法起身而不暴露自己身体的某些部位，并且他无法从仰卧姿势执行适当的顺从。
va	I	He would just needle her back and she could say anything to Jim .
va	I	Becky held him back , but Matt stepped before him .
va	O	水从某个地方倾泻下来，浇在我身上，并且消失在地上磨出的凹槽里。
va	O	比尔·多尔离开了，但是他留下了回响。
va	O	一切都变黑了，然后变得模糊，并且随后灯光慢慢亮起。
va	I	Ben were off again and * * * Me .
va	O	他有一种预感，这将是非常漫长的一天，并且他正在为与特里尼蒂的第二回合做准备。
va	I	He had an explanation ready and tiberius knew immediately where these thoughts were leading .
va	O	我搞砸了，但是我告诉了治疗师。
va	O	一棵树站在我身后，并且我拿来了我的小毯子坐下。
va	I	He could only be referring to the Nazarene , and Isaac broke the news early in the morning .
va	I	She wasn 't even awake , but the officer briefly peered in between the bars at Heather .
va	I	Squirrels chattered as they ate , and acorns bounced off branches before hitting the ground .
va	I	Even in the uncertain light it didn 't look particularly happy , and he smiled .
va	O	第三道声音从大厅方向传来，并且凯恩无论想说什么今晚都不会说了。
va	O	我脑子里听到了声音，并且听到了咔嗒声。
va	O	这费了些功夫，但是我把它们弄下来了。
va	O	他就是无法想象米尔福德扮演那个角色，而且如果不行，他就要再次考虑汉密尔顿了。
va	O	我的伴侣现在就是我这样的人，而且她没有做出这样的承诺。
va	I	I 'm about to lose it , and she bats those lashes at me .
va	I	Then you can disappear , and get it done .
va	I	They both listened , breath held , for any alien sounds , and Chrissie immediately turned on the hallway lights .
va	O	这时我们已经到了门口，并且康纳敲了门。
va	I	Names often eluded her , but she could always remember faces .
va	O	就我而言，我能完美地看到它，但是他不需要知道这一点。
va	I	I grit my teeth and my grip on the tablet tightens .
va	O	我能看到月光映照在她漆黑的眼睛里，而且她说话时声音很轻。
va	I	No agreement had been reached but Marriage had been discussed on several occasions .
va	I	The doctor had told him that it would make him drowsy and he 'd been given some more medicine .
va	O	他仍然戴着他的粉色太阳镜，但是现在它们是歪斜的，还没有完全从他与她的冲突中恢复过来。
va	O	我看着你毫无生气的眼睛，并且我的心沉重起来。
va	I	The faster I rubbed the more it bit into me , and the lace of the panties was rough against my skin .
va	O	我转身了，并且莉莉不见了。
va	I	It was all the release I needed , and the Viking 's hand had dropped from my arm .
va	O	她抓住了他的爪子，并且他帮助她站起来。
va	I	Austin shook it and the boy held out his hand .
va	I	The stranger had flashed a badge , but Amber knew no one could make him leave if he wanted to stay .
va	I	Colby relaxed , and David chuckled .
va	I	I am thankful and the other couples on the steps do not seem to notice our spat .
va	I	The glare turned the lake into a mirror , and the sun wasn 't far past its apex .
va	O	他正站在那里，手机贴在耳朵上，并且我完全没看见。
va	I	Her heart tripped over itself , and she heard the door open .
va	O	我不喜欢它，但是她总是给我空间。
va	I	He refused to raise one to wipe the blood away , but his hands shook with anger .
va	I	We both knew it and it was what had to happen if I was going to be with Race .
va	I	A second later it dropped to the table , and a loud tone screeched out of the suspended hand set .
va	I	It couldn 't compare to the feel of Jay 's body , but the pistol in his hand was a fine piece of hardware .
va	O	我的理论是她害怕自己表现得很糟糕，而且她非常喜欢唱歌，以至于这会永远毁了它。
va	I	Suddenly Chess ' words made sense , and I felt betrayed by the words .
va	O	我不知道它是用来做什么的，但是她现在有五万美元的抵押贷款。
va	I	Her throat clogged and her eyes burned .
va	O	幸好迪伦早些时候给了她一把钥匙，当时他被迫去办公室了，这样她就可以自己出去观光了。
va	O	她说他要飞往纳什维尔，并且她，塔米，要飞往孟菲斯。
va	I	The sun is going down and the ' Mysterious ' is nowhere to be found .
va	I	You called them castles , but I called them forts .
va	I	I suddenly was aware that he had the Sword of Immortality gripped in his hand , and Alex cried .
va	I	I don 't take compliments well , but I know that she 's paying me a compliment .
va	O	第十二章 简从树林中冲出，并且她将身体猛地撞向洛坎。
va	I	I try my best to smile , but deep sadness burrows through my chest .
va	I	When his teeth grazed my earlobe , those goose bumps exploded to the surface even quicker , but goose bumps were already rising .
va	O	我虽然说不出话，并且没有人注意到我。
va	O	他们有工作要做，而且我是一个额外的麻烦。
va	I	It felt good , and they giggled together just as they had when they 'd been much younger .
va	O	那些美丽的棕色眼睛凝视着他，欲望盖过了她的恐惧，并且他为取笑她而感到抱歉。
va	I	We can talk in my office , and have him come by the store after lunch .
va	O	身体上的优势对弥迦来说从未是问题，但是和他的兄弟一样，精神错乱在家族中遗传。
va	O	磁盘再次旋转，他僵住了，牢牢地固定住自己直到旋转结束，然后迅速爬回他的朋友身边。
va	I	It was futile , but Garrett shifted again .
va	I	She was staring pointedly out the window , but I opened my mouth to acknowledge Charlotte .
va	I	Gary wouldn 't want that , and she 'd just end up overboard if she went out there .
va	O	它叮当作响地落在坚硬的瓷砖地板上，并且那些苍白、虹彩的石头刚刚勉强捕捉到了一些晨光。
va	I	There 's a serious problem with her testimony , but Becker 's freak encounter becomes his only alibi .
va	I	He feared her time was over , but he needed a little more time .
va	I	He didn 't seem to have much else to say to me and it was just everyday stuff .
va	I	The palm-sized metal plate buzzed into life and Anna watched him hold the comm up high .
va	O	她还在呼吸，并且她身上没有明显的伤口。
va	O	我可以自己在网上做这件事，但是通过律师来办理更安全。
va	I	That even fewer would actually make the Legion - and everyone knew that few commoners were chosen .
va	O	劳伦曾因绝望而嫁给他，以摆脱沉重债务，但是现在他们对此完全满意。
va	O	那野兽的红眼睛开始闪烁，并且很快它就轰然倒地，震动了整个小镇。
va	O	她的眼睑几乎半垂着，而且她的笑容有些勉强。
va	I	It will make them split their defenses and we have enough men to do this .
va	O	他的短裤上有多处修补，并且右膝上方有一个小洞。
va	I	I knew it and I was owned .
va	O	他现在肯定会下地狱了，但是在此之前他就已经朝着那个方向去了。
va	O	她的头发染成了金色，并且发根是黑色的。
va	O	他也抬手回应，并且我强迫自己继续向前。
va	O	传来一声轻微的砰响，并且他走进客厅，手里提满了购物袋。
va	O	不知怎的他们毫发无损地挺过了那一切，并且她只能希望这次也能同样顺利。
va	O	她刚才心里想的也差不多是同一件事，但是她可不打算让他知道以获得满足感。
va	O	凯特能感觉到加布里埃尔竖起了心墙，但是她有更关键的事情要思考。
va	I	She didn 't have the strength to lift herself up , but her body was starting to go numb from the freezing stone .
va	I	Edwin was having none of it , but he finished first .
va	I	They could see the house rising darkly against the moonlit sky , dominated by the giant willow tree and there was a full moon .
va	O	他听到我从他身后走过来，并且他后仰亲吻我的脸颊。
va	I	Half drags me across the small room , and Julian shoots me an exasperated look , grabs my arm .
va	I	I soared up out of the way and the soldiers opened fire .
va	I	I beheld a dreadful scene , and they cut open the sack .
va	O	电话里传来一声咔哒声，并且接着一个新的低沉男声说话了。
va	I	She shivered , and his breath was warm against her neck .
va	O	他的兄弟们都有相似的印记，因为那是他们的家族印记，但是每一个都有一些细微的差别，使其对每个兄弟来说都是独一无二的。
va	O	这是事实，并且我们都知道。
va	O	他快把我逼疯了，并且我不知道该怎么阻止。
va	O	索菲亚会认出来，但是其他人不会。
va	I	The manager 's eagle eyes were on her , but she glanced behind her , desperately seeking a means of escape .
va	O	我希望我能问他，但是当然那是不可能的事。
va	I	Their shrieks would just have shattered the bulbs , but the Valkyries had wanted a similar setup for Val Hall .
va	I	Neil knew that he would , within minutes , be attributing it to himself , and the Prince declared .
va	I	I could get a modest place , on my own , or I had a few friends who might make good roommates .
va	I	He didn 't last long , but he worked at the mill .
va	O	她的心颤动着，并且她昨晚与他相遇后那种发痒的感觉再次被点燃了。
va	O	当他终于走出法庭时，他立刻寻找他的妻子，但是他却只找到了德雷克。
va	I	Nathan turns to her , and Norah frowns her disapproval .
va	I	She tried to dig it out with her nail and a thorn had lodged itself in the flesh of her heel .
va	O	他缓慢而坚定地移动着，决心不犯任何错误。
va	I	I couldn 't go any further but I walked down into the dark .
va	I	Lewis Abbott was never openly accused of any wrongdoing , and of course the verdict of the court was suicide .
va	O	他曾想招募达斯蒂，但是他大儿子身上有太多他母亲的影子。
va	O	她是世界上最美的新娘，并且我每天都被她迷住。
va	O	不管那是什么动物，他都不想失去它，并且如果他回头，等他回来的时候它可能已经不见了。
va	I	There 's a great mix of age groups and it 's located in a suburb type setting .
va	O	很疼，但是我们必须赶紧行动。
va	O	就在那时，恐惧袭来，并且我意识到我不是在做梦。
va	O	珍妮家离滨海城不远，但是她感到有点迷失方向，因为她总是乘坐高架列车。
va	O	丝滑的黑发卷曲在他的下巴周围，并且他的皮肤看起来像焦糖色。
va	I	She tried to suck in breaths of air and he started patting her back .
va	O	胖查理离开了桥，父亲的绿色软呢帽推到脑后，并且他步入暮色。
va	O	不过，我将选择替补演员，并且我的决定将是最终的。
va	O	我简短地寻找了一下加布里埃拉，但是我没有看到她。
va	I	We formed a sort of huddle , and my dad walked over , too .
va	I	I might have thought she was sleeping if I didn 't see her fingers picking at the grass , and Kelsey was laid out on her side .
va	I	She listened as his breathing grew steady and he lay on his back .
va	O	我平静下来，并且我笑走了我的恐惧。
va	O	把疾病想成一片绿洲很奇怪，但是事实就是如此。
va	I	I refused to go down , but I swayed on my feet .
va	O	云层正在变薄，并且太阳正在他右边落下。
va	I	That 's a luxury we can 't afford , but this apartment would be a classy place to hole up in for a while .
va	I	It sure felt that way , but it wasn 't a dream , no .
va	O	他让指甲变成利爪，并且他猛地将那些利爪插进自己的胸膛。
va	I	We have earned our right , but we may live in luxury .
va	O	她让他失去了平衡，但是她从一开始就失去了平衡。
va	I	He felt like punching something and he 'd been in the middle of a sound sleep .
va	I	Focused on entrepreneurship , but her degree was in business , too .
va	I	I could still manage a basic push , but I was much weaker outside the inn .
va	I	That was more frightening then any unseen noise and the only sound was the deathly quiet that surrounded them .
va	I	He fought harder and his face contorted .
va	O	我不明白我为什么要关心，并且比尔做了一个小动作，他立刻又静止了。
va	I	I had meant to read her message , and she had texted me the day before .
va	I	Some of them were worse , and none of them were better off than Fili .
va	O	他的唇与我的相接，并且其他一切都烟消云散了。
va	I	I needed to know how she could be with such a jerk , but it didn 't sound like it .
va	I	He didn 't know how to get her back , and the one woman he loved is gone from him .
va	I	Talon briefly suspected they had known the true circumstances of his birth all these years , and the Queen 's Guard knew him well .
va	O	扎克在他手下身后显形，并且他们让开，让他走到前面。
va	I	He had a hot , muscular body as a result , and Simon worked himself hard every single day .
va	O	她的视线在她面前模糊不清，但是她能看到格里夫跪着，他身后站着一个身影。
va	I	She asked me what I wanted and I lay back in the chair .
va	O	他点了点头，但是他的眼神中却透着一丝锐利。
va	O	女巫集会可能不够强大，但是也许有其他东西足够强大。
va	O	绝望像黑色潮水般涌上心头，并且我强忍住泪水。
va	I	It felt like ice , but the ground was concrete .
va	O	我已经好几天没见过这辆车了，并且它看起来仍然焕然一新。
va	I	She couldn 't reconcile it either and Sarah couldn 't tear herself from the duality of her existence .
va	I	We went to Bermuda to get married , but tell the world we 're not only engaged .
va	O	我很害怕，很紧张，但是每当我看着他，我的直觉都在尖叫着要信任他。
va	I	Our lips still aren 't close enough and he leans in until his forehead rests against mine .
va	O	我伸出手，并且我们握手达成了一致。
va	O	有一股淡淡的薄荷香味，但是我闻到的主要是伊兹的棕色头发的味道。
va	O	她比他料想的要强壮，但是她正努力不让她的甜甜圈被压扁，所以他很容易就制住了她。
va	I	I listened for the wail of a sick baby , and I looked both ways for traffic .
va	O	一支搜寻队组建起来，并且在日落之前，他们与芬一起朝着雅各布看到塔拉夫人离开的方向出发了。
va	O	玛德琳与她对视，并且尽管经历了一切，斯隆感受到了继母一直以来对她的爱。
va	I	I find myself unable to pull my head above the waves but I begin to struggle .
va	I	He was the son of a King and she was just a young woman then .
va	I	All the energy I had , but it was a meager effort .
va	O	两人都坐了进去，并且豪华轿车疾驰而去。
va	I	You blinked too often and your hands shook .
va	O	她把托盘放在咖啡桌上，并且然后她看向了波莱特。
va	O	我知道这是一种浪费，但是我一直都是这样。
va	O	我们坐在桌旁，并且我摘下了太阳镜。
va	I	He smiled and I nodded .
va	I	He used her for a punching bag too , until his accident , and she married some cowboy she met while he was passing through town .
va	O	她不得不把孩子们留在他们家，并且他们会开车去她想去的任何地方。
va	I	The entire forest went up in flames , and back when we were simple forest dwellers , we grew careless with our fires .
va	O	我不知道在她眼中我何时被提升为贵族，但是我跟着她进了厨房。
va	O	库普从房间那边向她挥手，并且她走过去和他会合。
va	O	正如所料，朱迪向托马斯伸出双臂并且一个巨网出现了，在空中飞舞。
va	O	接着有了一个极其短暂的倒计时，并且演出开始了。
va	I	Michael promised faithfully to have it ready before Easter , and the refurbished aircraft would then be finished in its original desert camouflage .
va	I	Maybe he 'll let something slip , but I know the answer already .
va	O	完成时间比我预想的要长，但是我非常兴奋地想把它展示给德里克看。
va	O	他试图扶她起来，但是她却瘫倒在地。
va	I	They were both induced to silence , but she didn 't play for long .
va	O	它看起来不像是无足轻重的事，但是他似乎对我的关注感到不自在。
va	I	I didn 't say them , but there were a lot of things I almost told him .
va	O	我的手已经触碰到了金字塔，但是我没有足够快地移动。
va	I	We fall to the ground and his shoulder slams into me .
va	O	我闻到了他脖子上的须后水味，并且我非常想把他拉近我。
va	O	我原本希望纯粹基于技术原因做出选择，但是这可能没有那么容易。
va	I	It pulled over to the curb , and Blue gave it a brief wave .
va	I	Things were moving so fast it appeared she did but okay , obviously she didn 't actually produce it out of thin air .
va	I	My heart broke and she started crying .
va	I	I batted it away in frustration and my hair flicked into my eyes .
va	I	I will avenge my loss and there will be a next time !
va	O	他猜那些衣服属于淋浴间的那个男人，但是他不能让自己感到内疚。
va	I	She never found the time to get him one and I guess they don 't get along very well .
va	O	突然我的手自由了，并且我用手指滑过他的脸。
va	O	就像他刚才对斐济指出的那样，波波是个成年人了，并且他能照顾好自己。
va	I	He wondered bleakly if it was because there was something she had to hide from him , and they were no longer mirrors to her soul .
va	O	他的被捕本可以协助调查，但是他的线索在圣地亚哥中断了。
va	O	他原本瞄准的是公爵的投掷手臂，但是康拉德却正好闪身进入了投掷的路径。
va	O	直到一个月前它还打着石膏，并且医生开过止痛药。
va	O	她的声音让我吃了一惊，并且我向后退了退，努力平复心跳。
va	I	He squeezed her hand , and panic filled her eyes .
va	O	我们昨晚碰到了伊莉安娜，所以那就是她迟到的原因。
va	O	大部分是现代加州住宅...但是其中一个街区有更多维多利亚式房屋。
va	O	卡梅伦的道歉可能没必要，但是他自己的道歉仍未完成。
va	O	她不认识前面的徽章，但是她感觉与它有某种联系。
va	I	You are a really nice guy , Trevor , and I was chasing around boys who weren 't dating material .
va	I	He didn 't care , or the man didn 't notice Jordan 's knife .
va	O	一整天工作下来，他脑海里一直有某种东西在困扰着他，并且他不知道那是什么。
va	I	I could tell he secretly admired it , but Pappy thought it was a waste of money .
va	O	他笑了，并且他双颊上的小酒窝显现了出来。
va	O	我本想把肚子填满那些美味的食物，但是我明白那只会拖慢我的速度。
va	I	He 'd never been disappointed by anything she 'd posted , and Luis had been following Elena 's blog for two years .
va	O	Alix当即否决了其中一些，但是少数几个展现了真正的可能性。
va	I	She had to hurt herself now , badly , to prevent worse future injuries , and the moment of madness sheared past .
va	I	We could have survived that on our own , but the EMP was the first event , sure .
va	I	Chase would never hurt her , and this was who she was , who she 'd been made to be .
va	O	他在监狱洗衣房工作，每天挣三美元，但是扣除香烟后，几乎没有钱可以花在实物上。
va	I	I nodded and Avril said .
va	O	他没有犹豫，但是他动作缓慢而优美，令我屏住呼吸。
va	I	He couldn 't see , but I rolled my eyes .
va	O	一方面这让他们感到惊讶，但是另一方面这又让他们感到高兴。
va	O	她想吻他，但是她不会再给他施加压力了。
va	O	他对她眨了眨眼，并且她跳着走下大厅，一路和伊丽莎白说话。
va	I	We quickly made good use of them , and they had more toys than we 'd ever seen .
va	O	我们的父母被绑架了，并且我们孤身一人。
va	I	He tried to calm her down , but Connelly 's eyes told her he was worried , too .
va	O	我第二天早上离开了，并且我们从那以后就没说过话。
va	O	门再次打开了，并且特蕾丝退后让我们进去。
va	O	凯文示意他放下，但是丹尼继续。
va	I	All of you have had an impact , but some of you I 've known a short while , some of you a long time .
va	O	她没有让我轻松，但是我也不认为我值得更好的。
va	O	他们从来不好，总是很尴尬，并且她通常避之不及。
va	O	它让你能透过窗户往外看，但是路人却无法真正清楚地看到你。
va	O	他对她眨了眨眼，并且她郑重地举手示意。
va	I	Andie 's mother was another story , but she liked her daughter-in-law a lot .
va	O	我胃里翻腾，并且那不是因为吃得太快。
va	I	The fort on the hill beyond could easily be concealing more warriors , and ambrosius glanced around at the flat river meadows , thick with troops .
va	I	She didn 't acknowledge it as she sank her fangs in , but there was a flicker of fright in the creature 's eyes .
va	O	太阳完全落山了，并且当霍普抬头时，她能看到星星出现了。
va	I	Those words are still swirling in my head and it 's been two days .
va	O	监狱现在守卫森严，但是只剩下两名逃犯还活着。
va	I	I am able to count at least twenty shadows but I can barely make out the features of the Crawlers .
va	O	我环顾四周，想找栏杆扶稳自己，但是它看起来很远，所以我只好坐在台阶上。
va	I	It did , but I 'd done it so many times it seemed like once more shouldn 't hurt .
va	O	我以为我可以信任她，但是我我想我错了。
va	I	It felt natural , and they laughed together .
va	O	豌豆以其彻底性而闻名，并且斯坦利极其认真负责。
va	I	She blinked back tears and her voice trembled .
va	I	Right now I hated it , but it was a cute outfit .
va	O	我甚至不确定范是否还在那里，但是我不想冒这个险。
va	I	His blood became a spreading pool beneath him until his cries dwindled to silence seconds later and his left arm was missing from its socket .
va	O	几位滑冰运动员在巴士开走时交谈着，但是凯莉选择保持沉默。
va	O	她的嘴唇微启，仿佛要再次拒绝他，并且迭戈吻了她。
va	O	我们知道这会很严重，但是不知怎的，巴林杰似乎是咎由自取。
va	I	He blinks , lowering his arm slightly and my fear must register with him somehow .
va	I	She knew there was pity in the way they looked at her , but Rema couldn 't explain it .
va	I	Julia wouldn 't let him , but he had tried to stop at an ATM on the way .
va	O	她很高兴见到杰森，并且她给了他一个大大的拥抱。
va	O	扎克开始在我们前面快速穿过隧道，并且我们立刻动身，努力跟上他。
va	I	It was only fair , but part of her felt bad that Brian had to take the brunt of this situation .
va	O	你想要一个平庸的丈夫，并且内特足够好。
va	O	她坐在床上，膝盖抱在胸前，手臂环抱着膝盖，长发披散在她的肩上。
va	I	Her fangs pressed against her lips and her blue eyes glowed eerily bright .
va	I	For some reason she did not look at him in that manner , but Roberto expected disgust .
va	I	It 's enough that I can tell she means it , but she stops herself quickly , like she 's afraid to say it .
va	I	The next Conner is coming in to save me and Chapter 29 Amy One minute I am fearing for my life .
va	I	She did not answer , but Sheba 's chin jabbed upward defensively .
va	O	我接过饮料时，手指不经意地碰到了他的，并且一股电流窜过我的皮肤。
va	O	精致的银色叶片状链节组成了一条手链，并且一个独角兽吊坠从每隔一个链节上垂下。
va	I	They walked towards the car and she nodded .
va	I	If he knew , Rich knew , and he knew .
va	O	没花多长时间，但是我在回到房间之前，还是多等了五分钟，以防万一。
va	I	It is at times like this that I know what my purpose is in life , and you never have .
va	I	They all nodded in agreement and Elizabeth looked to the others .
va	I	It especially needed a male alpha , and a pack needed two leaders .
va	I	We rode on into the suburbs of Munich , and I was then mounted behind a trooper .
va	I	It could be felt , but it couldn 't be seen .
va	I	Since Dad died , it 's become even more so , and I always thought my uncle was a more severe version of my father .
va	I	Samara could just barely see steam from his breath drifting from his partially open mouth and he was completely naked .
va	O	这些名字还没有登上报纸，但是幕后已暗流涌动。
va	I	Then fell still again , but he jerked at that .
va	O	她手里拿着一个温迪快餐店的袋子，并且食物的味道让我的胃咕噜一声醒了过来。
va	O	他不确定自己会感到多少情绪，但是他现在感觉到了。
va	I	There was something weird in his face , but he was still smiling .
va	I	The muscle was badly chewed , but the bone was not broken .
va	O	我妈妈的心会碎的，而且这不知怎么会都是我的错。
va	I	I 'll leave that to you , but you won 't know what you 'll be facing when the doors open .
va	I	It only reminded me of what I was losing , but I was sure she meant to comfort me .
va	I	Our communication so far had been on the most basic level of immediate human need , but I was a little shocked .
va	I	I could see his teeth in the moonlight , and his face shifted into more of a fox .
va	I	It takes her half an hour to walk the circumference of it , and it 's a good-sized property .
va	O	她听着那个故事，并且她把全部注意力都放在拉斐尔身上，他说话时，她的眼睛追随着他脸上熟悉的线条。
va	I	I worry I 've read her wrong and she doesn 't respond right away .
va	O	树里面存在着另一个世界，但是那个世界依然让她捉摸不透。
va	O	她每晚都在这里跳舞，而且这就是吸引所有顾客的原因。
va	O	她太害怕了，而且我们需要解决这个问题。
va	I	She smiled back , feeling herself melt a little inside , and he smiled at her .
va	O	他仍然用沙鹰指着那名警官，但是那个人甚至没有看那把枪。
va	O	我强忍着泪水，但是它们还是流了出来。
va	O	当你让艾米丽把你变成吸血鬼时你有一个，并且你现在又有一个。
va	I	Her hands slid over his back and she moaned .
va	I	They 'd never know , and I could 've screwed Mike 's friend Jake Reynolds .
va	O	他怒吼着，并且她向后靠在他的手臂上。
va	O	我对她咧嘴一笑，并且她笑了。
va	O	马蒂是他的狼群的首领，并且他无论走到哪里都宣示着自己的主导地位。
va	O	我曾以为性爱没有改变我，但是也许它改变了。
va	O	科琳很少把她的意见强加给我们，但是当她这样做时，我们不敢违抗她。
va	O	我以前从未见过他，但是我立刻就知道他是谁。
va	O	她想问他关于她的事，但是她能从他表情的紧绷中看出她的死仍然让他非常痛苦。
va	I	I secretly don 't want to scold him , but I shake my head .
va	O	他的眼睛，一如既往地湛蓝，捕捉到我的并紧紧盯着它们。
va	O	我拿起电话，并且我爸爸立刻就开始了。
va	O	他们现在转过身来，马在她身下跳动着，并且她正回头看向小径，看向鲁尔。
va	I	I could still move my spirit , but I couldn 't move my body .
va	O	他的脸颊因尴尬而发热，并且他猛地转过身离开了她。
va	I	I turned and he pointed behind me .
va	O	我的小腿肌肉开始剧烈疼痛，并且我的呼吸变得短促而急促。
va	O	艾斯低声咒骂着，并且罗南能从他紧绷身体的每一寸线条中看到他攻击的欲望。
va	I	The lock was engaged , and it was closed , for now .
va	O	一阵寒意沿着我的脊背蔓延，并且我感到血液从我脸上褪去。
va	I	I always like to verify the facts with all those involved in a case , but I know the answer .
va	O	尼尔左右踱步，希望能坐下来，但是这间巨大办公室里唯一的椅子是主任的。
va	O	她是唯一与他打过交道的人，并且她是唯一能让他现身的人。
va	I	She lands hard on her side , and I sweep her feet out from under her just the way Logan taught me .
va	I	She tingled all over , wanting more and his hands slid over her bare skin .
va	O	我的感官失衡了，并且没有它们我感到赤裸。
va	I	Now she 'd just exposed the one thing that made her most vulnerable and she 'd let him see the truth of her .
va	O	对话变得越来越响，并且哈米什发现他有更紧迫的担忧。
va	I	He began to pace and Tension started curling up in his belly .
va	I	They know it and we are finished .
va	O	林克扭身使出他的标志性攻击，猛烈地旋转，但是即便如此，裂隙也没有打乱他的步伐。
va	I	His brother nodded that he understood , and she watched Ryan slowly shake his head .
va	O	你袭击了我的伴侣，并且现在你的生命任由我处置。
va	O	我打开了门，但是伊森把我推到了一边。
va	I	I heard her screaming ... and I was still washing my face , and .
va	I	He frowned and his cell chirped .
va	O	“不错，”里科想，但是那不是她。
va	I	Here it was , breaking all over again , yet she 'd thought her heart had already shattered into as many pieces as it could .
va	O	他们是你的敌人，并且他们企图摧毁我白手起家建立的王国！
va	I	He was still gone , and just minutes until dawn .
va	O	她站了起来，双臂环抱着自己，仿佛很冷，并且她的眼睛没有任何焦点。
va	I	He just barely shook his head and a taunting snort slipped through his nose .
va	I	They were sure they heard the sound of muffled screams a moment later as they eventually faded away completely , but the two thieves never looked back .
va	I	Pillow slips and she noticed , with grim distaste , that the bed was made up with fresh sheets .
va	I	Past experience did not fill him with confidence , but he desperately hoped that his tutor was not about to do something reckless .
va	O	她把手放在他的腿上，并且血液再次涌向他的腹股沟。
va	O	她的声音也死了，并且这几乎要了我的命。
va	O	他的眼睛又圆又湿润，并且莎农让她的抗议声消失了。
va	I	I 've really missed you , but it sounds crazy .
va	O	他能听到她声音中带着一丝温柔的遗憾，但是她没有要求他回来时给她打电话。
va	I	He shrugged , and I said .
va	I	It was true , but if I ever told him that he was sweet , he would most certainly deny it .
va	I	I knew my eyes widened in surrender and he moved one foot 's length closer .
va	I	I was doing it hard and I was riding my king .
va	I	I know ... But you think you know .
va	O	你认为这些加药的糖果是她搞的鬼，并且你仍然认为她就是杀了我的人。
va	O	他的双脚颤动着，寻找着地面，但是他正在上升，不断向上，朝着木镶板天花板上升。
va	O	采访开始了，并且他的希望逐渐减少了。
va	I	It was a start , but it wasn 't enough .
va	I	He turned to check on her , and Henry noticed that she had stopped .
va	I	I definitely don 't need it and Today is my first solo exhibition .
va	O	我曾试图理解它们，但是所有我得到的都只是图像碎片，可能是我生活中的一部分。
va	O	我乐意地点头，但是我明白他们永远抓不到那个人。
va	O	外面午后的阳光投射着苍白的影子，并且他能闻到新割的草的味道。
va	I	Then that is true of all the officials , but the Director would have good reason for creating .
va	I	I am seven years old , and it is a Saturday morning .
va	O	她用那可爱的半边笑容看着我，并且我情不自禁地笑了。
va	O	我需要一个前锋替补，并且你需要一支球队。
va	I	The negotiations were going well and she didn 't have anything urgent to do tomorrow .
va	I	The devil would have none of that , but my father tried to barter his soul .
va	I	We hurried back into the room and the technician hastily shut down the pumps .
va	I	Her hair flows down her shoulders and she 's wearing a tight dress .
va	I	He wiped it away with his thumb , and a single tear slid down my cheek .
va	I	She 'd made it out eventually , but walking was no easy feat for her .
va	I	Our lips connected and I leaned in .
va	I	He braced his feet and the long defense knife-edge shot out from his metal hand .
va	I	The children were slowly working their way down the hill , doing something to the vines and it appeared he .
va	I	I knew reinforcements were here to take us down , and the air moved around me .
va	O	她瞄准了，并且它飞过操场，正好打在达斯蒂的脸上。
va	O	我走近了一步，并且我能听到她喘息的声音。
va	I	The next day is more of the same , but somehow I finish my shift .
va	O	她咯咯地笑了，并且詹姆斯终于消失了。
va	I	For the time being , clearly used as a school , but it was an older building .
va	O	她显然歇斯底里了，并且围在她周围的大多数人被爆炸震惊得太厉害了，以至于顾不上理会她。
va	O	他的脸转向我，并且他很久以来第一次露出一个谦逊的笑容。
va	I	Anne Marie didn 't tell him that , but it hadn 't been an easy decision .
va	I	She is making a difference in the world and my daughter left home to follow her dreams .
va	I	We 're more than halfway finished , and the plaintiff has rested .
va	O	他没有回答，并且我眯起了眼睛。
va	I	I put a hand on his chest to abort his bear hug and he flung the door open .
va	I	They would stop harassing you and the TV said you should ignore bullies .
va	O	几十、甚至几百人走了过去，并且他因没有什么具体发现而感到失望。
va	I	At the last minute , true love is revealed in a way she never dreamed , but Em is soon ready to quit .
va	O	拉夫不允许很多人叫他白痴，但是他为米奇破例了。
va	I	It didn 't matter , but he noticed she won 't answer him .
va	O	疲惫在希瑟的步态中显而易见，并且她的小帐篷是一个受欢迎的避难所。
va	I	He backed me up to the bed , pushing my ass against it , and Rock tugged at my skirt .
va	I	Albert 's voice sounded a lot closer and there was a thump outside .
va	O	伊泽贝尔失去了隐藏自己反应的能力，并且她的嘴巴张开了。
va	I	To have fun but he was just a young , selfish man who wanted nothing from life .
va	I	She knew they would have been waiting for her call and it was half past eight in the evening back in Atlanta .
va	I	He tumbled , struggling to stop himself , and his descent began to slow as the surface beneath him turned into stairs .
va	O	墙壁上覆盖着白色的灰泥，并且窗户上挂着蓝色的天鹅绒。
va	I	It gave me a little shock and I reached up to grasp it .
va	I	I moved some more to escape the spreading cleaning fluid and the container fell out of Devin 's hands .
va	O	有人继续把我拖入隧道深处，并且我的假肢从我身上脱落了。
va	O	她朝我跑来，并且尽管她不重，那股意想不到的力量还是把我撞回了水里。
va	O	娜美的眼睛转向左边，并且信使感觉到它们落在她身上。
va	I	Everywhere she turned were piles of junk , and an oldies station was playing on the radio .
va	O	他耸了耸肩，并且我就由它去了。
va	I	I stare at the mud in disbelief , and it is muddy where I 'm sitting .
va	I	He figured that meant she wanted to get away from him but he was no psychological genius .
va	O	它也同样迅速地消失了，并且他开口说话了。
va	I	She shook her head and I laughed .
va	O	出租车在外面按响了喇叭，并且我转身面对他。
va	I	She eventually became a sister herself and her name was Oana .
va	I	If nostalgia could be shown on someone 's face , it would have been on his , and Silver looked at him .
va	I	Even I had to admit it was pretty gorgeous , and the Rowan Land was still under my rule , though .
va	I	Marco 's hand shot out to stop him but he started to move forward .
va	I	A small smile appeared on her face , but she still had the gun on me .
va	O	我们走上石阶，并且我差点被每一步绊倒。
va	I	I suppose my body will eventually dispose of the unwanted dead matter -- hopefully , and the parasite is completely dead .
va	O	她朝我这边看过来，并且我从眼角看到一丝微笑从她唇边溜走。
va	O	我的直觉尖叫着要我后退一步，但是我拒绝了。
va	O	我不敢相信我刚才做了什么，但是我做了。
va	O	她是一位贵族，并且盖伦是一个平民。
va	I	He smiled bravely but Jack looked concerned .
va	O	莎拉一想到这个就脸色发白，并且这让她更加坚定要到那里去。
va	I	Maybe she traveled a lot , and he kept himself isolated .
va	O	我的拳头不行，但是我的膝盖可能足够坚硬造成一些伤害。
va	O	幻觉如此真实，他的身体苏醒过来，并且他敏锐地意识到他们是如此孤单。
va	I	She was more balanced , but Casey had some of that in her too .
va	I	Then we went cautiously down the dark pathway , and Prentice put his finger on his lips to make sure I was quiet .
va	O	达舍当时笑了，并且我的心一沉。
va	O	她睡在了一张真正的床上，并且她很感激。
va	I	It seemed to sniff the air and its tip rose from the floor .
va	I	He was not , and they were there .
va	I	They were sure to be spotted if the searchers looked too closely , but he tried his best to hide under the branches of a willow .
va	I	Everyone nodded , and Preston asked .
va	I	I prayed neither of them was looking at me and I could feel the blush rising up my face .
va	I	She almost gave answer and the warmth of his flesh called to her .
va	O	有人尖叫了一声，并且声音被猛烈地切断了。
va	O	我轻轻挠了她一下，并且她咯咯地笑了。
va	O	费伊站了起来，并且她带他飞走了。
va	I	He did not like where his mind was leading him and he had been trying to piece together what that mad scientist had in his plans .
va	I	An ugly color suddenly stained Lord Patten 's narrow face , and there was no missing the stark warning in his voice .
va	O	我没料到会那么晚了，并且我很惊讶弗兰妮竟然没有试图把我从床上拽起来。
va	I	Then I suddenly remembered that I was without a wallet , but my first thought was to take it , thinking it would certainly aid a disguise .
va	O	走廊里的人们盯着看，并且我能感觉到我的脸红了起来。
va	O	他是我从未见过的人，然而不知怎的，我认识他。
va	O	诺亚盯着凯拉，并且她也直直地回盯着他。
va	I	It 's less than a couple of hours riding , and I could walk there in a day .
va	I	The needle was rising quickly and he was watching a meter .
va	O	我一看丽丽的脸，并且我就知道我把所有线索都拼对了。
va	I	Surprise shook Julian as Claudette sauntered across the room and the door opened .
va	I	Now nothing else would do and he blamed Abigail for this , that he 'd gotten a taste of rosemary blood .
va	O	我对萨姆的幻想设定了标准，并且没有男人能达标。
va	O	他茫然地看了我一会儿，并且我对他报以一个微笑。
va	I	Weldon breathed a sigh of relief and my claws retracted .
va	O	我以前已经遇到过另一种男人了，并且我不能再经历那种事了。
va	I	I was careful to keep an eye out for possible threats and it wasn 't too far away .
va	O	她充满希望地看着他，但是他什么也没说。
va	I	I wasn 't failing any of my classes , and one tardy didn 't count .
va	O	我的嘴向他张开，好像他是阿里巴巴，并且他说出了咒语一样。
va	I	Panic held her in thrall , but her voice rang calmly enough .
va	O	几条带子调整好了，并且几根鞋带也收紧了。
va	O	我现在知道那些灵魂从未存在过，但是我还感觉好像有人在监视我。
va	O	灵药不起作用，并且他似乎在保护他们。
va	I	I preparing for our jump and I 'm going to skip telling you about the rest of the day , which consisted of Chloe .
va	O	我注意到左边有几个门道经过，并且我跌跌撞撞地走着，直到在我的右边找到了第二个。
va	O	我母亲纤细的胳膊被肌肉取代了，并且我感觉到自己被抬出了船。
va	I	Brian was the first one she 'd encountered , but she 'd heard of them , of course .
va	O	前一分钟她还在告诉我不要碰她，并且下一分钟我们就在打赌三十天后可能的约会了。
va	I	He gave a wheezing gasp and his eyelashes fluttered .
va	I	It was getting crowded , and a lot of newcomers were arriving in Glace Bay .
va	O	杰克比他妹妹大一岁，但是他们却经常被误认为是双胞胎。
va	O	空气变得清新了，并且他贪婪地吸入了它的甜美，誓要查明真相。
va	I	The girls rushed over to help me and I tried to crawl out of the car .
va	I	Her need for him was as great as his need for her , and Shea had a passionate nature .
va	I	I saw that my alarm was infectious , and he jumped up .
va	I	The gossip would roar through the town like a wildfire , and it took just one person , one whisper at one end of Main Street .
va	O	他们三天前就完成了，并且现在是时候拿去试驾了。
va	I	For once , maybe Jonesy 's mouth had met its match , and she certainly wasn 't going to take any crap from this test pilot .
va	O	电影很好，但是我的心思却在别处。
va	I	Both his arms tightened around her but Sibyl asked as she tried to break free from Colin .
va	O	值夜班的另一名警官不是艾莉合作过的最好的，但是如果有麻烦，他会比什么都没有好。
va	I	A soft moan escaped my throat and his nearness made me weak with pleasure .
va	I	He held fast , but Aran struggled to break free of Ellis ' grip .
va	I	They 'll show you their savage nature and put a weapon in their hands .
va	I	I increased my speed to catch up and she was a blur .
va	I	Aiden 's were long , purposeful strides , but my steps were slow .
va	O	我可能会不堪重负，但是有更容易的选择。
va	I	If that is so , there can be no hijack , and there really should be no way to get weapons aboard .
va	O	汉娜很快就会离开，并且他的脉搏就会平静下来。
va	O	我的小组将从二楼开始，并且另一个小组负责奇数楼层。
va	I	We 'll all keep doing bad things , and we 've all done bad things here .
va	O	他没打算吻她更多，但是他没想到自己反应的强烈程度。
va	O	听到那些，他可能已经有了预警，但是我没有向前扑去以躲开他。
va	I	We were happy to leave her there , and she seemed absorbed in her private thoughts .
va	I	She didn 't back away from him , but she stood up as he glided to a halt in front of her .
va	O	他挥了挥手，并且萨姆森也挥手回应。
va	O	她一直相信要创造自己的命运，并且她现在不会停止。
va	I	Now it 's as if waiting for me , and the girls have vacated the smooth wooden surface .
va	I	I could certainly try , but I would never be able to get close enough to him .
va	I	He caught himself , but Keith almost turned .
va	I	A giant area rug covered the center of the room , and the room was well furnished .
va	I	The sun was hot , too hot , and the smell of blood filled his nostrils .
va	I	She didn 't appreciate that it was at her expense , and the man wasn 't even trying to hide his amusement .
va	O	她的卷发松散地垂在纤细的脖颈周围，并且她的眼睛在她凝视他时闪闪发光。
va	I	She calmed down and I stroked her head for a moment .
va	I	She had nodded , eyes widening at the secret smile on his face and he 'd asked her if she could keep a secret .
va	I	A lava flow of rage poured over my emotions and his eyes seemed to burst into green flame .
va	I	Then her eyes glazed over , shutting him out , and she took a deep breath .
va	O	我们接吻了，并且我感觉就像咬到了一根电线。
va	O	她正在和一个看起来很眼熟的女人说话，但是我却想不起我在哪里见过她。
va	O	他原本举起来准备敲门的手臂，迅速伸到她身后扶住她，并且她急忙检查了一下拿刀的手。
va	I	It vibrated with urgency , as if he were forcing himself to whisper when what he wanted to do was scream , but his voice was quiet .
va	I	Wayne had his beloved Eileen and Curt had his own girlfriend .
va	O	他把她弄得失去了平衡，并且她仍然没有恢复过来。
va	O	艾丽西亚想念她的阿姨，并且我想念我的妹妹。
va	I	Abby 's hands tightened on the pistol , and something howled in the distance .
va	I	I realized those were the displays from our bedrooms , and the majority of the monitors were dark .
va	O	大多数人在灌下一瓶酒后都会看起来很糟糕，但是马库斯·德卢卡不是大多数人。
va	O	没有月亮照亮他们周围的土地，并且星星被云层遮盖了。
va	O	她从未抬头，但是我确实看到了一个淡淡的微笑。
va	I	Her blue eyes were pleading with him and she was trembling badly in her seat .
va	I	It occurs to me that he 's talking about a lot more than just this moment , and the question hangs in the air between us .
va	O	我打开了几瓶啤酒，并且我们举杯庆祝。
va	O	你的有锌涂层，我的则是铝压制的，正如战争期间大多数早期的光盘那样。
va	O	罗姆对她做了一个鬼脸，但是他站了起来。
va	I	She must have noticed , because she turned red after she spoke and I flinched as she mentioned Lexi 's name .
va	I	He 'd shared his ice cream with me , and once the scoop from my ice cream cone had plopped into the lake .
va	O	我有时不愿承认，但是他实际上是我的亲兄弟。
va	I	I battle a few sharp stabbing branches to descent into the darkness of the jungle and my body brushes past some moist leaves .
va	I	His nervousness vanished in an instant , and he sat down at the piano .
va	O	他必须有沙伊的血才能生存，但是没有吸血鬼能喝尸体的血。
va	I	It was not kind , but the look was not cruel .
va	I	I would know that silhouette anywhere but I didn 't want to get my hopes up .
va	O	那种团结以前曾让她感到恐慌，并且他也不打算再犯同样的错误。
va	I	I tried him again , hating myself for it and five minutes went by .
va	O	即使在18世纪，坚实的土地也很稀缺，而且用它来埋葬死者简直是糟糕的生意。
va	I	Max hadn 't hesitated to come after her , but she 'd gotten them into this situation by stupidly stepping too close to the edge .
va	O	我想说更多，但是我知道我不能。
va	I	She took it without questions and Julian gave her some medicine .
va	I	He couldn 't make out what it meant and this was a completely new feeling towards her .
va	I	Facts were facts , but maybe it wasn 't the right time to admit that .
va	I	Its magnificence couldn 't be imagined in its currently dismantled state but perhaps the guitar said it would .
va	O	门开了，并且凯伦走了进来。
va	I	I do not notice as I fall with a leafy thud into the undergrowth but my legs are unsteady .
va	I	You are caught in the web , and the vampire knew you would come .
va	O	她看起来万分沮丧，并且我完全不知道如何处理。
va	I	She couldn 't wait to tell him she believes in him now , and she was finally starting to see the real Benji .
va	O	她不可能知道埃里希那样说到底是什么意思，但是她感受到了我所感受到的。
va	I	It shattered like I 'd smashed it with a crowbar - and I grasped the smooth crystal base with my right fingers .
va	I	Cronus pulled the trigger and Zeus ' shoulders sank .
va	O	他自己的心在痛，并且他感到恐慌袭来。
va	I	The door flung open , and there was a loud crash behind them .
va	O	他的手指正轻抚我的上臂，并且他亲吻我的头侧。
va	I	I hadn 't expected quite this level of hate , but I knew that I hadn 't exactly been beloved .
va	I	She felt her stomach go into a nervous contortion and a couple minutes later she had reached the bough where things had gone crazy before .
va	I	That was beside the point now , but he was all man , in many ways .
va	I	It didn 't , but I 'd thought that news would do something to remove the shadows from under her eyes .
va	I	He saw all the vampires in the room , and his grin faded fast as his eyes adjusted to the shadows .
va	I	Celia 's voice rang through the house and before anyone could react , it opened .
va	I	They were bound together behind her tightly and the set guys then secured her wrists with leather cuffs .
va	I	He was fully awake in half a breath and the high-pitched scream of a security breach shot him to his feet .
va	O	一阵剧痛穿透我的心，并且我紧紧抓住了柜台。
va	I	Mostly , I had the power to resurrect him , but I could not bring him back , not completely .
va	O	我知道我可能正在触及敏感领域，但是我却并不真正在乎。
va	O	她注意到了，并且当时这让她感到困惑。
va	I	If she did , she wasn 't talking , but sometimes , Julian thought Claudette knew about the drawer .
va	I	I blushed at the end of his speech and he took another sip of rum .
va	I	He did not let me think any different and I was just a newborn gift to him .
va	O	她把头转开了，显然不想谈论这件事，并且我让这个话题打住了。
va	I	Nothing would come in , but he tried to breathe .
va	I	She saw something primal flicker behind his eyes and Max 's head jerked up from his own plate .
va	O	我现在的生活太疯狂了，而且我确定你也同样压力很大。
va	O	马库斯的眼睛也睁大了，并且他挪动了一下。
va	I	To be honest , I really don 't either and the fans don 't appreciate that kind of thing .
va	I	Kira didn 't press , but that wasn 't really an answer .
va	O	门立刻猛地打开了，并且甘农跑进了房间。
va	I	It 's successful advertising , but this is not reality .
va	I	He shook his head , and Compassion wrinkled his brow .
va	O	迈克举起了自己的步枪，但是那辆车在他扣动扳机之前就已经在他眼前解体了。
va	O	他们武器在手，准备动手，但是有些人出于我无法理解的原因反对他们。
va	I	I understand if you can 't come with me , and I 'm thankful for that .
va	O	那是一个轻如落叶的吻，但是她感到一阵颤抖直达骨髓。
va	O	调查进行了几年，但是目前结果是保密的，因为情况正在重演。
va	I	Angie insisted on doing her part , but Preston always carried the lion 's share .
va	I	Water flooded my lungs , but I tried to scream .
va	O	他们能最接近废品回收站的方式是让一些穿着工作服的人假扮成公用事业工人，但是他仍然感到不安。
va	I	I manage to keep it together and Sawyer 's fingers brush my back .
va	O	这让亨丽埃塔感到一阵迅速而恶心的感觉，并且她走向巴尼的篮子。
va	I	I dodged him , but a confused Del reached for me .
va	O	房子很偏僻，并且罗伯特的车停在车道上。
va	O	他们之间多次回到这一点，但是这是他们第一次真正想到来问我这件事。
va	I	Then snow began to fall lightly , and silence held the street .
va	I	She 'd already offended her twice , and not that there was anyone left on the bus whose opinion she cared about apart from Bethan .
va	I	A plan had formed in his mind and he 'd started thinking about her last night .
va	O	那是一场对抗吸血鬼的战争，并且他们正在杀死她所爱过的每一个人。
va	I	He thought , with practice , someday he would , but his days had not been so easy to control .
va	I	My fingers plunged through empty air , but I reached out to grab her .
va	O	她不想把她记忆中的男孩称为达斯汀，但是他就是那个人。
va	O	我把手机举向天空，并且举向离开的云彩。
va	O	我杀了人，并且我没有感到内疚。
va	I	I was seriously ticked off by the result of her actions but on usual situations I would not be so harsh with her .
va	I	I crawled inside like a five-year-old and she held up the covers .
va	O	她忘记了他需要早点离开，并且当他抱着睡着的艾萨克出门时，已经是午夜之后了。
va	O	阿米莉亚的眼睛湿润了，并且令她惊讶的是，马修的眼睛也闪着泪光。
va	O	街道是残酷的，并且他们的对手会在一出现弱点时毫不犹豫地采取行动。
va	O	我看起来比那更大，但是事情总是这样发生。
va	I	When she raised her head , she noticed the expression on Nate 's face had changed and Georgie stared at the picture for some time .
va	O	埃里克重新戴上耳机，并且音乐充满了寂静的俱乐部。
va	I	The threat dug deep , but I was all pleasant .
va	I	Rand held fast , but wanting to touch him , she struggled against the hands holding her captive .
va	I	Mom gave me the look , and I shrugged .
va	I	She just ... couldn 't , but she wanted to talk about that , badly .
va	I	He lacked the art of subtlety in situations like this but Stefan may be almost a thousand years old .
va	I	Without waiting fills the water glasses on the table from a water pitcher with floating lemon slices , and he asks .
va	I	She still had enough time to get things started , but it had taken her longer than she 'd anticipated .
va	O	科尔顿试图说话，但是他说不出话来。
va	O	我走到我们的小火坑旁边，并且我的胃像洗涤物一样绞痛。
va	O	我曾竭力帮助她获得修女们认为必要的一切经验，但是我的参与到此为止了。
va	I	The next , she was flying off the horse , and one second Mom was laughing .
va	O	舍里登那边的灯灭了，使我们陷入一片黑暗，但是当她再次开口时，很明显她没有动过。
va	I	We left and when I realized this last order was an invitation to me , I accepted graciously .
va	I	He fell and his ankle gave way beneath him .
va	O	她向我伸出手，并且我握住了它，当我们爬上楼梯回到图书馆主入口时。
va	O	又一声咔嗒声响起，并且声音消失了。
va	I	She cried out in a broken tone and his tongue stroked a long deep caress .
va	O	布赖恩曾试图说服她待在家里，但是她说她说什么也不会错过它。
va	O	他向约翰爵士伸出援手，但是约翰爵士自己从地上爬了起来。
va	O	她喋喋不休地说着，并且我已经后悔参与这场对话了。
va	O	他是一名专业的健美运动员，而且他的脸看起来和罗素·克劳一模一样。
va	I	His eyes rolled back into his head and the knife slashed his throat like the sting of a thousand wasps .
va	O	他的眉毛高高挑起，并且他的笑容僵了些。
va	O	她扫描了该区域，但是她快没有目标了。
va	I	She thought that she would almost burst as she waited for him to finish the story , and the delicate coils felt like fire to her touch .
va	O	扎克停在水边，并且西里尔跑向码头。
va	O	我原以为这是亨利送的礼物，一个让我能跟她道别的机会，并且也许其中一部分是。
va	O	我知道有很多我不知道的，但是我能猜到。
va	I	One of the ones in front of Mat fell , and another flash .
va	I	He wanted me to devote my life to him , and he could barely speak to me as an equal ?
va	O	女人们走了出去，并且特里尼蒂对着那辆等候她们的漂亮汽车惊叹不已。
va	I	Between them the agency performed as well as could be expected and Fiona did her best .
va	I	He refused to smile , but his face seemed focused .
va	O	有段时间我把它全剃光了，但是我喜欢我的头发。
va	I	I needed some space from the house , but I 'd give it a little more time .
va	I	I wasn 't about to back down , but he could burn me to death before I snapped this whip .
va	O	人们一到就整个晚上都在找萨尔，并且他总是特意把他们介绍给卡迈恩。
va	O	我们走廊里有监控，而且我们大多数人都尽量戴手表。
va	I	He 'd even been to a few of the games that year and because he lived in Sacramento , the Raiders were his favorite team .
va	I	She kept looking over her shoulder , trying to see if someone inside the palace was doing anything malicious and the feelings intensified .
va	I	I clutched the steering wheel at the sudden bout of anger that lit inside , and the bag on her shoulder probably weighed more than she did .
va	O	他无法看懂她，而且这让他非常沮丧。
va	O	他组织人手屠宰搁浅的鲸鱼比海尔格（Helga）做得更好，而且他不会抱怨她是怎样找到它的。
va	O	那是一个友好的小镇，而且安娜感觉就像在家一样。
va	I	I could feel his laughter rather than hear it and Tyler gripped me tighter .
va	O	我讨厌对父母撒谎，但是没有其他解释了。
va	I	She was running on empty and she looked as if all the energy had been siphoned out of her .
va	O	这顿饭很美味，但是莱西（Lacy）没有暴饮暴食。
va	O	然后他的目光越过怀尔德（Wilder）的肩膀与我的目光相遇，而且我倒吸了一口气。
va	O	只有三个女人叫她查理，而且她不想和她们中的任何一个说话。
va	O	我瞥了一眼窗户，但是手印不见了。
va	O	我再次礼貌地微笑，但是我的脑子一片空白。
va	I	She looks scared to death and her blue eyes are enlarged .
va	I	Deep down something screamed no , and a shiver went through me .
va	O	我有时仍然在热线电话做志愿者，并且这很有帮助。
va	I	Down we went again , and he shouted .
va	O	她见过不少健壮的人使用她的健身器材，但是这个家伙的肌肉发达得不是自由举重就能练出来的。
va	I	She had never radiated this fury , but that Cassie may have kept people at arm 's length .
va	O	他有一个决定要做，并且他必须尽快做。
va	I	I understand she 's going to try to run his restaurant , and father died recently .
va	O	更多的旅行会被安排，并且更多的疾病会被治愈。
va	I	He could smell the decay of the river , and he was running closer to the wharves now .
va	I	I knew the instant that he was completely free of its clutches and he visibly struggled to untangle himself from his dream .
va	O	这对彼得来说是陌生的领域，并且他不得不使用他的黑莓手机来辨明方向。
va	I	Having a baby right now was inconvenient , to say the least , but oh , she loved him well enough .
va	I	Yet , he was also the cutest thing , and he was such a big , tall man .
va	O	我把包毫不迟疑地扛到肩上，并且转身循着我来时的路离开了。
va	O	我摇了摇头，但是这让我头晕。
va	I	He didn 't want to go through it without Alma , and he was walking into an assuredly formative experience .
va	I	My heart isn 't in it , but what an idiot , I think .
va	O	又有几名警官离开了工作站，并且伦顿让其中一名女警去查看斯蒂芬妮的情况。
va	I	Order had to be kept , but they didn 't deserve that kind of treatment .
va	O	他和一群人出去了，并且现在他要邀请她去他家吃晚饭？
va	O	我觉得我的勃起从来没有放松过，而且现在它正紧紧地抵着我的拉链。
va	O	前门打开了，并且爱德华走了进来。
va	O	我除了震惊地盯着看什么也做不了，但是杰里米亚听到他兄弟油嘴滑舌的话后停止了踱步。
va	O	她和这些傻瓜玩得够久了，并且她也没有时间了。
va	O	特里克翻了个白眼，但是他仍然在微笑。
va	O	诺亚可能会喜欢这个游戏，并且我会让梅尔过来。
va	O	他用刀尖将小袋子从柜台上拨落，并且小袋子在落地时打开了。
va	O	她丰满的嘴唇紧抿成一条细线，并且她的绿眼睛即使在月光下也闪闪发光。
va	O	一只纤细的手推开遮在她眼前的那片黑暗窗帘，并且他看到那是一个女孩。
va	I	It was pissing me off that I seemed to be the only one who didn 't know what it was , and something was definitely up .
va	O	我呻吟着，感觉自己快要到达高潮，但是他猛地拉扯锁链，很用力。
va	O	加百列对他皱眉，但是杰姆已经转向了吉迪恩。
va	O	一只手抓住了我的一只手，并且她把它放在了她的肚子上。
va	O	我回到外面，并且约翰正站在那里，就在门口，双臂交叉着。
va	O	我的一部分想去踹开汽车门，但是没时间了。
va	I	The fourth asks for my number of fears , and the third asks for my faction of origin .
va	O	他威胁性地举起了那条该死的皮带，但是我拒绝退缩。
va	O	他朝她眨了眨眼，并且她笑了，接着跟着他进了厨房。
va	I	She no longer cared but he kept moving toward her .
va	I	His pulsing manhood jumped inside his pants , causing him to cry out and he looked up at the red satin covering her from his view .
va	I	The Tanks stopped exercising , and the Jets gazed down at them .
va	O	雪现在下得更快了，并且我的呼吸像一条龙的羽状烟雾。
va	I	Another wounded before the others walked out with their hands above their head and one man was killed .
va	O	我想定个日期，但是她说，在结果出来之前，她甚至都不会考虑这件事。
va	I	It all looks so slow from up here and I 've never flown so fast .
va	O	我们已经完成了我们的圈，并且伊兹盘旋在小溪上方。
va	I	The long , curly mass fell to her waist , but her red hair was pulled up in a ponytail .
va	O	她有个儿子叫朱利安，但是我没听说过她还有别的孩子。
va	O	几天过去了，并且我等待着。
va	O	他对水彩画更有经验，并且这幅画在他看来有点笨拙。
va	I	She 'd had the nerve to throw it back in his face , and he was trying to help McKenzie against all odds .
va	I	He pulled out two and I handed him my pack .
va	I	I 'd like to make an A on the test and you said you knew this stuff really well .
va	O	她曾全心全意地爱过他，甚至爱到心痛，但是她从未真正喜欢过和他在一起。
va	I	She blamed herself for being so vulnerable to him but he was definitely taking advantage of her body 's reaction to him .
va	O	我的后脑勺撞到了油毡地，并且我侧身滚开。
va	I	I want to be sated and my insides feel like they 're on fire .
va	I	I found it a little contagious and Megan 's smiled widened .
va	O	他的手指蜷曲着，抓住我肚子上的布料，把它聚拢起来，当他全部聚拢起来时，他的手向下移动。
va	I	Carrie held it out of my reach , but I bolted around the table , reaching for it .
va	O	他转过头，并且一个微笑掠过他的嘴角。
va	O	那让他笑了，并且他从手里拿着的酒壶里喝了一口。
va	O	我摇了摇头，并且他对我笑了笑。
va	I	I need it , but two months ago , I never would have imagined this .
va	I	The calamity had evidently shaken him , and his boss had been in attendance .
va	O	霍莉伸出手，并且艾什附和了他。
va	O	昨天，我们的鸟群在老巴尔的摩定居点附近发动了战术打击，并且地面消息来源正在证实古代文明遭受了大规模伤亡。
va	O	他们已经看到了他的错误，有的震惊，有的敬畏，并且有些人甚至敢于窃笑。
va	I	His face was flushed and his breathing was ragged .
va	O	他们的脸上带着笑容，但是他们的举止却很急迫。
va	I	It was irrelevant then , not so much now , but Goon 2 actually remembered me coming into the store .
va	O	我知道那会要了你的命，但是我还是试图接近你。
va	O	她的脚趾抽动着，想蜷起来，并且刷子，沾满了指甲油，落在了她的脚趾上而不是指甲上。
va	O	他再次抓住了我的手，并且我们一起奔跑。
va	O	盖布伸出手来抓我，但是我巧妙地避开了。
va	O	我讨厌对朋友撒谎，但是我也不知道该说出真相。
va	I	He was looking back at her , and she was gazing at Ralf Scott .
va	O	我侧眼看他，但是他只是耸了耸肩。
va	O	这会带来希望，并且我不能允许自己对极不可能的事情抱有希望。
va	I	He slid underneath me , and I pushed myself up .
va	O	冲击力把我转了一圈，并且我勉强保持了平衡。
va	I	I sighed and I looked at Sarah 's pleading face .
va	O	她笑了，并且融化了班上大多数男生的心。
va	O	其余的猎犬，毫不畏惧地扑向野兽，并且它们都滚成一大团。
va	I	She was slamming it into the shark 's gills and it was the blade of Jenny 's knife !
va	O	他朝前门推了我一下，并且接着他把矛头转向了她。
va	I	She clutched Gabriel 's arm tighter and a helpless noise escaped her lips .
va	O	那是同侪压力的日子，并且我显然已经败给了它。
va	O	米尔顿急忙赶到桥边，但是他已经知道外面有什么了。
va	I	I picked it out , and he told me what size to get you .
va	O	根据他痛苦的表情，这事绝不简单，但是我没有追问他。
va	O	到达机场只用了几分钟，但是这段旅程却是典型的秘鲁式障碍赛，乘坐危险的出租车在坑洼的道路上飞驰。
va	O	他们没有告诉我们所有事情，但是我在警长办公室的线人说他们正在与真正的专业人士打交道。
va	I	Driving was allowed on the sandy expanse and the beach was two blocks away .
va	O	回程几乎每一段地形都是上坡路，而且僵尸数量很多。
va	I	I refuse to let it go , because if I do it will slip toward shame , yet my anger melts .
va	O	我可能在战争中造成了数百名士兵的死亡，他们都是盟友，但是我仍然有自由意志。
va	I	Many dilapidated framed tents were still standing , and obviously it had been a trappers ' camp .
va	O	警卫部署在外墙沿线，但是城墙内没有多少人。
va	O	她的眼睛肿了，而且她的脸色非常苍白。
va	O	它令人窒息的存在消失了，并且他又可以呼吸了。
va	I	I knew he cared , but his voice was playful .
va	O	他的眼睛闭上了，并且他睡着了。
va	I	She decided to draw the line , but Gus might have few scruples about sharing everything .
va	O	有时候，就像我和里弗是孤身一人。
va	I	They stayed with me , but her eyes narrowed .
va	I	They 'd also had some good times together , but they 'd had their differences in the beginning .
va	I	She had been spoiled rotten for the last week ... and he had decided he was going to court her .
va	I	He kept his observations to himself , but once in awhile , he thought her questions were a little strange .
va	I	Bilbo was trotting as fast as he could along the passage towards the cells , but very soon the chief guard had no keys .
va	O	所有合伙人都很震惊，并且很高兴，他一边环顾房间一边轻声解释道。
va	O	她困倦地低声说出我的名字，并且我的胸口因我对她所感受到的情感而收紧。
va	O	他从无法对黑梦者生气太久，而且他不确定那是不是件好事。
va	I	I talked like we never had any good times , but I told you about how in love I was .
va	I	His eyes were determined , but his face was forlorn .
va	I	The door quickly opened and he knocked .
va	I	He glanced down at her sharply , and the request seemed to startle him .
va	O	塞拉环顾四周时感到恐慌，但是当他继续熟练地在小径上行驶时，她开始放松下来。
va	O	作为警长他必须如此，并且他总是知道该说什么。
va	O	在南方你可能把事情搞混了，但是在这里我们知道谁是真正的敌人。
va	O	我的饭菜来了，并且我大快朵颐。
va	I	She 'd never see it again , and it would probably get swallowed up .
va	I	I could think of nothing better , but it was a weak story .
va	I	Tessa giggled and Dean kissed the side of her neck .
va	O	我和妈妈在一起时内心一直坐立不安，但是这并没有更好。
va	O	不久之后你就会看到很多需求，并且我想你会同意我的。
va	I	My hands disappeared into warmth , and their voices blurred to silence .
va	O	他为我打开了门，并且我走了进去。
va	I	They were keeping their distance and apparently lately their poles were the same .
va	O	我的声音有点嘶哑，并且我畏缩了一下。
va	O	尼克为我拉出一把椅子，并且我坐下了。
va	O	他走进了主房间，并且王子快速地跟在他后面走了进去。
va	O	她听到蔡斯从他们身后尖叫，并且灌木丛因他快速靠近而沙沙作响。
va	O	Sam 想带她去度一个漫长的蜜月，但是他们会在以后、在招待会之后再做。
va	I	They only needed the ruse to continue for a few seconds , but it wasn 't much .
va	I	She saw Ben fall back against the wall as if pushed by some unseen opponent , and the shot rang out in the hallway .
va	O	他们中有些人甚至在绞着手，而且有一个正在公开地哭泣。
va	O	一名警卫打开了门，并且他走了进去，小心翼翼地把西德拉放在壁炉旁的沙发上。
va	I	He shook his head , but I started to rise .
va	O	湿润先生正要抗议，但是第二个念头很快介入了。
va	I	It seemed Victor was above him in superiority , but I was sure Loren didn 't like that plan at all .
va	I	She certainly didn 't touch him , and Brenda somehow ended up right next to him , though she didn 't say anything .
va	O	洁萨明没来吃早餐，声称头痛，并且威尔也同样不见踪影。
va	I	I knew he was thinking of what Eva had suffered , and that sick , stricken look filled his face again .
va	O	这将是我们数月来的第一次面对面会议，而且我拒绝让自己出丑。
va	I	She noticed the dark circles under his eyes , and James frowned .
va	O	他看了一眼我的脸，并且我知道他知道我听到了他。
va	I	Production began and the sets were built .
va	O	A.J. 尽力穿过人群，但是其他人也在做同样的事情。
va	O	我每晚都设置闹钟以防万一，但是，我总是在它响之前就醒了。
va	I	You were out cold , and I woke up once .
va	I	Then I was done with the spying business , and there was only one more thing to do .
va	I	She cut him off and Alex began to protest .
va	I	They 'd fallen madly in love after they married , but he 'd once told her that his mother had been a trophy wife .
va	I	His scent drew me in , and his bare chest felt warm .
va	I	One knows where everything is and the rooms are quite standard .
va	I	She swerved again , and a pair of legs blocked her way .
va	I	Wanda has the bottom and I have the top bunk .
va	I	Then read the longitude from the GPS , and he traced the latitude reading , leaving his finger on it .
va	O	我还没能将这些碎片连接起来，但是，看起来亚历克已经做到了。
va	I	My whole body shook and my throat went dry .
va	O	我已转身准备离开，并且已经过了一段街道，当时一个声音出乎意料地唤回了我的注意力。
va	O	赛门的脸不再苍白了，但是，他的眼睛有点发红。
va	I	It looked Italian , but I had imagined French .
va	O	他那样做时，他的腿碰到了罗米的，并且，我看到她吓了一跳。
va	O	他讨厌在某些方面他们比奈芙利姆更强大，并且，我敢打赌他不是唯一这样想的人。
va	I	This was in my opinion unnecessary , and I always said the only thing worse than BS was unnecessary BS .
va	I	Many in India use that affirmative , but it is slang .
va	I	The light at the door switched off , and the car drove away to the left .
va	I	I realised they were working , and everyone was looking at me .
va	I	Every word sounded pleasant and he whispered to her .
va	O	她一生中唯一一次这么虚弱是在生病期间，并且，她当时并没有生病。
va	O	瑞的胫骨上又感到一阵剧痛，并且，他意识到无论它们是什么，它们都会伤人！
va	I	I drank it fast anyway , but the chocolate burned my tongue .
va	I	He had to turn away , and Nathan found the sight was making him physically nauseous .
va	I	The light at the front of the cabin was extinguished , and the plane slowed to a stop near a small terminal .
va	O	她没有想过她会怎么出去，但是幸运的是侧门只是从里面闩上的。
va	O	她的笑容随着她的头向前倾而展开，并且她的发丝披散在脸周围。
va	O	卡罗速写本里的一切都是真的，而且她总是戴着的非洲贸易珠实际上是愿望。
va	O	艾萨克在睡梦中呻吟，并且詹姆斯停下来深吸一口气。
va	I	He pushed against her , and her legs were parted .
va	I	I find myself doing so anyway , proving once again how comfortable I am with Luke , but I don 't want to either .
va	I	I 'd observed a lot of puzzling behavior , and I 'd had little sleep the night before , I 'd had a full working day .
va	I	Elizabeth jumped , every muscle in her body tense with expectation and the coals in the hearth shifted .
va	O	突如其来的响声像一声雷鸣般在空荡的巷子里回荡，并且小个子放下了瓶子。
va	I	Brick narrowed his eyes , and that serious , ominous look began to grow again .
va	O	尼克想否认，但是他知道真相。
va	O	凯利努力不笑，但是他忍不住。
va	I	It had stood still for him , and Time had been good to her .
va	I	She wondered how just a simple touch could feel so good and his thumbs touched her bare skin .
va	O	雨来了，并且风咆哮着。
va	O	他帅得惊人，并且我轻轻叹了口气。
va	I	Out she stepped and he heard the ding of a door opening .
va	O	他抬头看着我，并且他的眼睛微弱地发着光，即使有日光照进房间。
va	I	The two took off as fast as they could move and Kane hooked his arm under Leo 's shoulder to support his weight .
va	I	I would simply admire her presence near me , and we 'd give shy smiles towards each other .
va	I	I can 't do that if I 'm gone , and I want to watch it .
va	O	几脚，并且我的头冲破了水面。
va	I	A man has to do his duty when called , but Sure if he could have remained in his place of employment there 'd be no trouble .
va	I	He was still penned in , but the boy released his arm .
va	O	那时他们已经在那里好几个月了，并且希望他们会留下，直到我能回到那里为止。
va	O	我凑过去再次吻他的唇，并且这次我不再温柔。
va	I	Indeed he did not know where in the world to go without them , and he did not wish to desert the dwarves .
va	I	He was about to finish it , but she may have started the game .
va	O	她今天早上头脑似乎更清醒了，并且她没有紧迫感。
va	I	If she could shift , it would certainly be a useful talent , but she didn 't want to revisit memories locked away , to find out .
va	O	他自杀了，但是是我造成的。
va	O	那个戒指对他来说意味着一切，并且它来之不易。
va	O	电梯来了，并且他们走了进去。
va	I	Even he 's toned it down since we first met so I 'm a little thrown off and that 's more Seth 's thing .
va	O	她被路人无情地推搡着，并且她开始担心意外的压力会触发警报。
va	O	人们在她走向他时让开了，并且我替她感到不舒服。
va	O	我有一种他没有告诉我的强烈感觉，并且我的不祥预感加剧了。
va	O	我在微笑，并且我的心在砰砰跳动。
va	I	They had listened to that for awhile and Adam had rigged up a C.B. radio .
va	O	艾瑞丝一直侧眼看布莱恩，并且他不明白为什么。
va	O	她转过身，并且休斯加入了她。
va	O	在不同的情况下这可能很有趣，但是发生的一切对我来说都毫无乐趣。
va	I	Then I 'm slamming my fists against the panel , and I try all of them , gently at first .
va	O	仿佛一层硬壳从她心头脱落，并且她看到了一个完整、连贯的真相。
va	I	She had to have it , and there was only one prize here .
va	I	There was no sound , but stumbling back , I opened my mouth .
va	I	I couldn 't stand the thought of becoming another mistake for Maggie , but I wanted her so bad it ached .
va	O	他很有礼貌，但是现在我在这里，紧挨着芬恩，我能听到他声音中的紧张。
va	I	Jonah apparently had a sense of humor , as well , but he might be pretentious .
va	I	The two of them sat together without speaking , like two people who 'd run out of things to talk about , and he nodded .
va	I	I could see him and the guard stepped aside .
va	I	It 's true , but it 's beyond belief .
va	I	They do it with a toughness no one else understands , and those folks , like me , survive in the world .
va	O	她猛地打开门，脸上带着笑容，并且震惊地停住了。
va	I	I laughed and Brandon grinned .
va	O	这里有一个这支军队的领导者，很可能是一名将军，并且他竟然完全不知道她是他不共戴天的敌人。
va	O	我记得窗户是如何从窗框中被撞飞的，并且那个死人躺在下面。
va	I	They did not otherwise advance toward the meal , but the animals ' gazes followed Thorn 's movements .
va	I	The moon shone directly upon the lake from above and there the clouds broke .
va	O	她的嘴角浮现出一丝微笑，并且她回应地握紧了他的手。
va	O	她感觉不到那些死灵向她逼近，但是讽刺的是，她却觉得自己能感觉到那根绳子。
va	I	The future of their kind had been bemoaned and tears had been shed .
va	I	They looked very solid , like real people with real swords but they glowed a bit like Edmund .
va	I	There 's no way in the world I 'd start doing that for a little crush and I 'm shy .
va	O	我的乳头隔着柔软的胸罩布料变得坚挺，并且我的呼吸变得急促而兴奋。
va	O	他们会很高兴塔纳和我又在一起玩了。
va	O	前进方向是穿过敞开的塔楼，而且那显然会是个问题。
va	O	我知道你们社会里的青少年不会仅仅因为怀孕就结婚，但是你的孩子需要一个父亲。
va	I	I knew he really meant it , and ' Yes , ' he said .
va	O	它空着，并且他们把它停在了欢呼的人群正前方。
va	O	我不会向任何人承认这一点，但是她是我最喜欢的人。
va	I	The canister was my oasis , and my mouth was a desert .
va	O	黛比紧紧抱住她，并且男人们在谈话时，她们也在互相了解。
va	I	Finally I can enjoy being with Mack , and the overwhelmed feeling I 've had for hours leaves me .
va	O	他们不能进去，因为法医小组还没有完成证据收集，但是塞巴斯蒂安无论如何都想来这里。
va	O	珍妮站在那里，脸上带着震惊的表情，并且杰克想知道她以前是否在任何她的小把戏中被抓到过。
va	I	He hadn 't been in a serious relationship for ages , but he dated occasionally .
va	O	有事正在发生，但是我不知道是什么。
va	O	她听着，并且随着我讲到故事的结尾，她的嘴唇紧绷起来。
va	I	You have one hell of a false image of yourself , or you are either the dumbest man alive .
va	I	I 'll sign off , and give me the ledger .
va	O	她所做的只是应他的要求飞了半个地球来见他，并且现在他却因为某种神秘的原因而感到恼火。
va	I	He 'd obviously understood , and she 'd tried to lighten the intensity with her beach romp .
va	I	Made into one , but what it had been like to not be born a Lassiter .
va	I	I already knew that , but I was being an idiot .
va	O	他变得隐形了，但是她却没有。
va	I	That was pretty much where their similarities ended , but both cities had numerous tall buildings .
va	I	She wasn 't there before , but she was in her home city .
va	I	Soon chaos would follow , and if these were not forthcoming the city would be in dire straits .
va	I	Guri had to hold up his hand for silence , just to be able to ask a few questions and there was an immediate buzz of disbelief .
va	O	无论今晚发生什么，对她来说都将是一场悲剧，但是他不能为了一名孤身人类女性而危及他的任务。
va	I	I sighed and she cuddled up to me .
va	O	他犀利地看了伊恩一眼，但是伊恩似乎没有注意到。
va	O	我做什么，他就做什么，并且事情就会一直是这样。
va	O	我问起了彼得，并且她说有人会在下次会议上向我解释一切。
va	I	I will reply in haste as soon as I return and Do write back .
va	I	Those blue eyes held hers and he 'd removed the shades .
va	O	他们一直都只有他们两个，并且独自应对的想法令人无法忍受。
va	I	The bottom of his pants ride up and he crosses his leg over his knee .
va	I	She laid herself down on top of my back and I lay down on my stomach .
va	O	进一步的学习只会让我获得圣职，并且祭司之职对贵族继承人来说，既不适合，也不符合我的志向。
va	O	这不应该毫无缘由，因为我们最近都和女孩们吵了很多架，但是它确实发生了。
va	I	Before he could catch the bear , Serre pulled his brother back out of range , but Wren lunged at Dev .
va	I	His voice sounds strained and Nicholas gasps through his agonizing moans .
va	I	She 's already with one of my brothers , and I just broke up with that girl I was dating , Abby .
va	O	枪声在森林中令人惊异，但是没有鸟儿飞起来。
va	O	这套公寓已经空置了大约一个月了，并且通常由于地段好，它们很快就被租出去了。
va	I	He didn 't stop until he reached her towers and by the time he got to Manhattan he was running .
va	I	She 'd suddenly become 2 percent more interesting , but Simone 's bland demeanor hadn 't lit up exactly .
va	O	我翻了个白眼，并且我听到斯文咯咯地笑。
va	O	梅斯皱了皱眉，并且他左脸颊的酒窝消失了。
va	O	一声哽咽从他喉咙里发出，那声音让她把他抱得更紧，并且她在他怀里哭泣时轻轻地低语着。
va	I	He reached inside his jacket and his fingers drummed on the table .
va	O	一阵突如其来的打击击中了他的后脑勺，并且他向前跪倒在地，痛苦地呻吟着。
va	O	过了很久我才终于那样做，并且那时对我的母亲来说已经太晚了。
va	O	她的臀部开始扭动，并且他看到她的手放在她的大腿之间。
va	O	我在接下来的几天会继续和她一起工作，但是我认为她永远也搞不懂这个。
va	O	处理这些事情是你的责任，并且如果出了问题，那是你的错。
va	I	She seemed unconcerned about events back home and her phone was off .
va	O	黄昏的秋日阳光照耀着群山，并且我所能想到的就是我来得太晚了。
va	O	他的气场很强烈，但是他并不可怕。
va	I	I forced it back as well , but the slight movement made a different kind of heat pulse through my body .
va	I	We should bring a possible error to his attention but we don 't decide where to put a story .
va	I	Then she was removing my clothes , and she was sobbing in my arms .
va	I	Then they come back , but that kids pull away , a lot .
va	O	门吱呀一声开了，并且一个年轻女子探出头来。
va	O	我努力把食物做得更好，并且我被打得乌青。
va	O	我们之前并没有那么亲近，但是她的死却把我们联系在一起了。
va	O	他从自己的房间向记者们发了一条消息，称他将不参加会议，并且首席记者应该继续进行。
va	O	莎拉的手摸向她的喉咙，并且她感到胸口一阵悸动。
va	I	Try as she might to banish it , she couldn 't , and more terrifying than anything she 'd seen .
va	I	They eat it together and he cooks for all his people .
va	O	她有魄力，并且我很喜欢这一点。
va	I	Then I would be on my own until lunchtime , and at least I could follow her to our class .
va	I	His features showed it and he was in anguish .
va	I	Relief flooded through his entire body , and Ty 's eyes locked on Zane 's .
va	I	She believed she had everything pretty much pieced together , but the big soldier certainly wasn 't offering any explanations .
va	O	贾斯一边说着一边还在挣扎，但是警长却把他紧紧地按住。
va	I	It would be all over , and if I am to make one sudden move , they would fire .
va	O	我知道他一定很痛苦，并且这就是我开始寄信的原因。
va	O	我以为康纳会在泰走开后说些聪明话，但是相反，他却走到了我面前。
va	I	She was nothing like what I 'd expected , and I 'd found that girl next door .
va	I	My lips kissed her face , and my arms closed around her .
va	I	Stefan could be impossible sometimes , and oh , Matt was stubborn .
va	O	我注意到托比亚斯没有加入合唱，并且克里斯蒂娜也没有。
va	O	我们还活着，并且他没有。
va	O	他眨去眼泪，但是它们还是顺着他的脸颊流了下来。
va	O	安娜莉丝看着她的手，并且她咬紧了嘴唇。
va	O	朱利安对着母亲灿烂地笑了笑，并且她吻了他的额头。
va	I	Ice 's mom sank into it , asking what the doctors said and Nik moved a chair near the bed .
va	O	他的手指抓住了那跳动的神经束，并且他就在那里玩弄着。
va	I	She heard the rattle of chains and he lifted one leg .
va	I	The pressure rises to the level of explosion , and we reach our cars .
va	O	康纳什么也没说，并且我一点也不在乎。
va	I	We know what it 's like to be stuck with the smart ass kid in need of an attitude adjustment and we 've all been there .
va	I	I was so excited for them , and the crowd seemed to love their sound .
va	O	我没有回答，但是我却在想着瑞恩。
va	I	Of course he wouldn 't know who she was , but Whitney looked up at her with no recognition whatsoever .
va	I	The vehicle lunged forward , and the tires found traction .
va	O	我的双腿因过度劳累而灼热，并且我的头开始感到眩晕。
va	I	They had different dreams , but they were both dreamers .
va	I	Her fingers itched to do something with it , and he had a lock of hair falling over his forehead .
va	I	That made her wonder , and the Origin story didn 't cover that .
va	I	Turned to walk away , and * * * She placed the food in front of her husband .
va	I	The man in the golf cap studied him calmly , and Norton swung on him , as if to say something sharp .
va	I	The place catered to a skeevy clientele that made even Cara , a seasoned cop , uncomfortable , and what lighting existed was minimal .
va	O	叛军身陷废墟，战败了，并且乞求怜悯。
va	O	他靠着谷仓门坐好，开始写笔记，但是他没能写多远，因为他的心思都在A.J.身上。
va	O	他的血液在奔涌，并且他的心情也好了起来。
va	O	我需要思考，并且运动有帮助。
va	I	She smiled , glancing around the farm and Mariah heard the hesitant pride in his voice .
va	I	The paper Señor Diego had signed , and he mentioned the letter to Juanita .
va	I	I did not wish to listen as my anger had taken hold of me , but I agreed with Clarissa 's assessment .
va	O	我取回了它，并且这（个）就打开了。
va	O	那个人在跟我说话，但是我完全不知道他是什么意思。
va	I	I just didn 't care , and I was all too aware that Bill could see how desperate I was to know more about her .
va	I	He didn 't think either of them would explain , but Neil wanted to ask why Kevin held onto it .
va	O	斯蒂芬差点说出他最初的反应，但是他看到了妮可的表情。
va	I	The odds seemed slim , but he knew it might be a trap .
va	I	It 's Riko 's name on his leash , and he 's a pet .
va	I	The woman may not need his help , and he might not be wearing his uniform .
va	O	他沉思的目光显露了他的思想，并且当他看向她时，他的表情明显柔和了下来。
va	O	他在秋千上摇晃我们，直到我的眼泪流干，而且我的眼皮开始下垂。
va	O	一切都如常，但是我仍然先看一个食客，然后又看另一个。
va	O	他不知道他上一段感情的结束，然而，并且莎拉的不忠吸引了他。
va	I	There is no exchange of words but we sit at the kitchen table .
va	I	I tried to help him by paddling as well , but my arm felt super limp .
va	I	The church filled with sudden tension , and people sensed that they were about to witness a dramatic scene .
va	O	他将要成为父亲，而且他甚至都不知道。
va	I	It was Jake and my phone rang .
va	O	露琪回头看我，并且她的眼神带着不满。
va	I	A few were still getting up to speed , but it seemed as if all the gears in his head were turning .
va	O	这样的人总是认识所有官员，并且几分钟后他就站在了售票员办公室的火炉旁。
va	I	His seriousness makes me feel like an omega begging the alpha for my life but I want to laugh .
va	I	In the end , the entire situation would serve a greater purpose because I finally knew which path to take , but the pain would be temporary .
va	I	A perimeter was quickly established and those of the Forest were then ferried to shore .
va	O	就他而言，一切都已是过去，并且告诉杰克所有事情也无妨。
va	O	他长到了六英尺四英寸高，并且人们总是注意到他。
va	I	He didn 't move , although the muscle in his jaw did , but she stood there for what seemed like an eternity , watching him .
va	I	Quickly quiets us down to get back to the lesson , but we are a mass of questions .
va	O	麦克斯觉得她脸颊上的酒窝异常可爱，像个孩子，并且他自己也笑了，感到一股对她的溺爱。
va	I	It does , and it 's meant to flatter me .
va	I	It was now near dark , and the sun had dipped below the horizon .
va	O	月光在他们身后，并且火车的影子投射在地上。
va	I	I jerked them away before the slimy liquid touched them and Fluid flowed toward my feet .
va	I	She felt lost facing all that silence and the gun was dying in her hands .
va	O	当特里斯坦后退，把手插进口袋里时，她给了我们一个奇怪的眼神，并且我开始抠我的指甲。
va	I	We 'll just put you on clean-up duty and I 'll be in charge of making meals .
va	I	An uneasy stillness descended upon the alley and the echo of footfalls subsided .
va	I	You will need to present this card in order to eat and you will be authorized three meals per day .
va	O	另一边是什么他一无所知，但是只有一种方法能弄清楚。
va	I	Isaac saw no reason not to get started on his own , but he hadn 't arrived yet .
va	O	我不知道为什么，但是我喜欢那种男性的嫉妒。
va	O	它似乎来自大厅深处，并且所有三颗头都转向了那个方向。
va	O	她身旁的大个子男人仍然搂着她，并且亚历克斯喜欢这样。
va	I	Then the prow was hitting the shingle , and the journey to shore only took about three minutes .
va	O	他们以为鲸鱼后来死了，但是他们已经尝试过了。
va	O	是我在哭，但是我的声音听起来对我来说很陌生。
va	O	他意识到听起来怎么样，但是那是一种下意识的反应。
va	O	你将无法执业，但是你仍然会对医疗保健产生巨大影响。
va	I	Balthazar felt a small thrill of triumph , and the angry flash in his eyes threatened to shake his composure for the first time .
va	O	显示器传来的噪音现在是一种持续的响亮声调，并且哔哔声已经停止了。
va	I	It is three o ' clock and he looks at the wall clock .
va	I	Gavin moved a split-second faster , but Sabrina reached for the bill .
va	I	Maybe she would go away and he wanted to just sit .
va	I	He knew she had no idea of the reality , but raven had heard his words , all of which held truth .
va	I	Yet he 'd noticed them and they were no different to the scores of other dirty , barefoot strays , two shifting shadows .
va	O	她没有听到他回来，但是她很高兴见到他。
va	O	她遇到了一个难题，并且他皱了皱眉。
va	I	The sudden warmth in his cheeks hinted that this might be an exception , but Jason was not one to blush .
va	I	I knew my cheeks were probably bright red , but I busied myself with folding jeans into my bag .
va	O	斗牛犬把手机向前倾斜，并且麻雀飞向门边。
va	I	I would find plenty of souls to speak to and this way I had a reason to be there .
va	I	I could taste more of the sugar and it was cold .
va	O	窗户都开始嘎嘎作响，并且阿尔跑出书房到厨房门口。
va	I	She had also known what was coming , but yesterday now seemed like a century ago .
va	O	它很快就消失了，并且他又笑了。
va	O	是他们在发号施令，并且她既没有服从也没有反对。
va	I	His hands were trembling and I could tell that his vision was blurred .
va	I	The fifty was just icing on the cake , and the thrill came in the humiliation it brought .
va	O	我是他的缪斯，但是再也没有其他了。
va	O	塔蒂亚娜看起来自从他们上次见面以来已经平静下来了，而且她甚至看起来不那么憔悴了。
va	O	这就是我梦想与他在一起、触碰他的方式，但是肖恩通常不允许。
va	I	He didn 't really expect to win , but he generally lost .
va	I	He slowly started to relax and I let him ease into my palm .
va	I	There 's nothing we can do about that , but it might have been him .
va	O	最初他希望能把它做成全彩色的，但是那会太贵了。
va	O	谣言工厂完全没有任何关于任何形式报复性打击的信息，但是杰弗里知道它发生了。
va	O	我知道它安全地藏在圣希思街，但是莉莉丝不拿到那本书就不会罢休。
va	I	It wasn 't particularly comfortable , but we fell into silence .
va	O	我现在不能再多想了，或者我可能会开始抓狂。
va	I	It spoke to me on an innermost level , and I could feel the truth in his words .
va	I	I wished I hadn 't come over and she wiped her eyes with shaky fingers .
va	I	I laughed , but Ash frowned at him .
va	I	I wasn 't sure how it would sound over the phone and I got a wild hare .
va	O	我不想要它，因为我关心我的丈夫，而且这种感情很深。
va	O	马车终于驶近了，并且微风松了一口气。
va	O	我的心在胸腔里颤抖着，但是我强迫自己保持冷静。
va	I	She knew that and he never would .
va	O	我知道哈丽特会在吵闹的电视旁，并且我无法在某个游戏节目主持人叫喊时清晰思考。
va	I	I pull on his hand , but he starts to get up .
va	I	My days bright and I was dating the perfect guy , a man who made my toes curl at night .
va	O	凯特看着他，但是他的脸上没有任何表情。
va	O	那个男人确实有点态度问题，而且她不得不怀疑他是怎么当上中士的。
va	I	Helen was stunned when the charm she 'd witnessed that first night reappeared and he introduced her to several of his vice presidents .
va	O	我认识她很多年了，并且她最近帮了我很多忙。
va	I	He 'd missed most of his own wedding night as well and it was well past midnight .
va	I	I scrambled under Scott 's arm , but okay , maybe I did .
va	O	雅各布停在我们面前，并且他盯着我。
va	I	You probably would have survived but it was close .
va	I	How he never failed to say We missed you last week and he was always surprised by the firm grip of his mother 's pastor .
va	I	I tried not to show it , but my heart lurched at the name .
va	O	他给了她一个略带倾斜的笑容，并且她的心跳悸动起来。
va	O	当我遇到秀兰·邓波儿时，她是一个十八岁的成年人，而且她非常讨人喜欢。
va	I	His wound was bleeding again rather more profusely , and he seemed to be about to lose consciousness .
va	I	You find no one else in the company knows how to do what they do and you 're employees leave .
va	O	我的脉搏加速了，并且一股兴奋涌上我的心头。
va	I	It will spread and Fire is power .
va	I	Michael shook his head , but Eve looked to him .
va	O	房间开始轻微震动，并且那时我才开始担心。
va	O	叫我疯子吧，雷耶斯，但是这真的让我很兴奋。
va	I	It was not me he looked at , but he looked down , then up .
va	O	她的眼神变得呆滞，并且她匆忙地低下头。
va	O	他们被带到一张桌子旁，并且但丁为她拉出了椅子。
va	O	一股荒谬的咯咯笑的冲动涌上我心头，并且我深吸一口气来阻止它。
va	I	That was the game of golf , but his result was disappointing considering all the concentration .
va	I	Her words were kinder , but her meaning wasn 't much different from what Winston 's had been the previous evening .
va	I	Then there 'd be hell to pay , and he 'd end up hurting one of them .
va	I	I see her eyes track there too , and my eyes get stuck on a smudged handprint Wilder left on the glass .
va	O	他在自言自语，但是这真的不重要。
va	O	有一刻，杰米以为那男人可能会试图逃跑，但是他没有。
va	O	那时你是我能看到的一切，并且你现在也是我能看到的一切。
va	I	I turned to get it as Robin sauntered out my gate , waving a casual hand to the two detectives and the phone rang inside .
va	O	我的手伸去遮住我刺痛的臀部，并且我转过身，张大嘴巴盯着他。
va	O	帕克可以想象她试图抑制怒火时尖尖的下巴伸出来，并且他感到一阵兴奋。
va	I	She doesn 't get out , but Van 's hand moves to the door handle .
va	O	她从昨天开始就失踪了，并且我没有收到她的消息。
va	I	She couldn 't breathe and she imagined doing such work .
va	I	You get what I mean but I 'm exaggerating about the ability to fit underneath a door .
va	I	Denny was waiting for us at the airport , and chapter 21 We finally arrived back in New York .
va	O	我不会指责他任何事，但是我也不会完全信任他。
va	O	她正要动，但是约翰尼抓住了她的手腕。
va	O	她已经掌握了面无表情的神情，并且当时正带着那副表情。
va	I	He just shrugged and I looked at Blake .
va	O	那是一种显而易见的兄弟般的关怀，但是一个女孩总能做梦。
va	O	她听到远处传来雷声轰鸣，并且她本能地收紧了环抱住他的双臂。
va	I	His senses were alert but he buried his head in his newspaper to distract his thoughts .
va	O	没有新的银液滴入他的身体，但是她留下的那些已经取得了进展。
va	I	We didn 't even slow down but I broke my arm during training .
va	I	She 'd have no reason to contact him tomorrow , and they 'd have no time to talk .
va	I	There one stood before the bearded hunter , but they were thought to be extinct , eradicated .
va	O	电话断线了，并且我只是站在那里，震惊不已。
va	I	I must 've shown discomfort , but I tried not to wince .
va	O	你坐在更安全的后座，并且我厌倦了和你争吵。
va	I	I had a hard time accepting it but I remembered Preston 's reasons why Marcus was drunk .
va	I	I pushed them away and I felt tears prick the back of my eyes .
va	I	A knock on the door interrupted me , but I was about to tease him about possibly going with a tiger striped look instead .
va	O	我不认识你表弟，并且我也不喜欢他。
va	I	It might also end the rising boxer known as Specter , but Payton knew that it might not only end the match .
va	O	我二十三岁，并且我想结婚。
va	O	几个小时过去了，并且那点小火已经变成了一小簇火苗。
va	O	她暗淡的脸亮了起来，并且我不得不佩服她，因为她在我处理完其他事情之前没有催促。
va	O	感觉很正常，但是这很合理。
va	O	我真想知道那个孩子是因为什么被关起来的，但是我永远不会问。
va	O	他父亲让他发疯了，或者毒贩卖给了他某种东西，释放出了他无法控制的恶魔。
va	I	She knew , and now she felt his maliciousness focus on her , on Farooq .
va	O	练习并没有那么辛苦，但是她感到非常疲惫，她的四肢都像坠着砖头一样沉重。
va	I	I can 't find Stinky Pete 's favorite toy and the shelves in the family room are dust free .
va	I	At the same time , her instincts were most likely right , but she knew that was foolish .
va	I	It became a convincing enough conference room , but the setup was by no means extravagant .
va	I	They broke up , but he was engaged for some time .
va	O	皮肤完好无损，并且损伤仅限于他的左手，就是他绑在公牛上的那只手。
va	O	我确信图拉真知道他要来，但是他从未把目光从我身上移开。
va	I	Then again , they could never understand , but it might not make sense to everyone .
va	I	I wondered if instead of trying to keep trouble out , it preferred to invite it in , and the door groaned open , welcoming me in .
va	O	她轻柔的声音对我来说犹如音乐，但是我不得不努力去抗拒它。
va	I	I felt awful , but this was a high point in my career .
va	O	警卫的脚步声在外面响起，并且珍妮站了起来，脸上带着一个礼貌的、甚至是和解的微笑。
va	O	我们俩又不是关系亲密。
va	O	开始得很糟糕，但是结局令人满意。
va	I	His expression warmed and their eyes locked .
va	I	On the cusp of this transition I think I understand why you were taken away , and it is time now to say good-bye .
va	I	Of course I knew the answer , but for the hundredth time , I asked myself why I was giving Sebastian so much control .
va	O	他不明白，而且他永远也不会明白。
va	O	她知道他们想让她邀请他们一起去，但是排斥他们才是关键。
va	I	The nightmares were making it hard , but I knew I needed to be there for Hunter .
va	O	她试图听起来很生气，但是我可以听到她声音里的笑容。
va	I	He didn 't try to close them himself , but he wondered why the doctors hadn 't closed her eyes .
va	O	赞恩的声音提高了，并且我掐了他一下。
va	O	他们试图加入卡斯特罗，并且当事情没有成功时，他们决定来这里。
va	I	I touched them for reassurance , but he couldn 't see my scars .
va	O	他们俩都没有和托德说话，但是当他没有理睬地在门口离开他们时，他们的眼神里充满了敌意。
va	O	你每次做的事情都只对你有好处，而且只有你一人。
va	I	It felt good just to be outside , and it was an attractive sunny September day .
va	I	They started their march toward the factory entrance , and sergeants from the other squads signaled their readiness .
va	O	我不知道我是怎么到那里的，并且我最后记得的是这个女人。
va	I	I also didn 't want my fantasies involving Zayne to occupy my mind right now and I really did need to cram for this test .
va	O	她知道她不能告诉吉奥发生了什么，但是她需要见到他。
va	I	Evan knew it , and Brent was harmless .
va	O	我会像我们现在这样继续下去，但是我会努力在某个层面上和解。
va	O	我知道我们现在不应该纠结于此，但是我很害怕。
va	I	I managed to stay upright , but my muscles screamed in protest .
va	I	We might have enough men now to get it out , but it 's in some deep storage .
va	O	她曾以为那颗大钻石戴在她手上会显得俗气，然而这枚独特的戒指看起来很完美。
va	O	他们当然可以向塔姆要个描述，但是杰克这些年毫无疑问已经改变了容貌。
va	O	我甚至不认识这个女孩，并且她还在责骂我愚蠢。
va	O	你绝对应该留下来，多和你的爸爸联络感情。
va	O	目送我们的亲人远航，这让我们的心弦紧绷，但是我们没有时间沉溺于悲伤。
va	I	She almost screamed and suddenly there was a knock on her tank .
va	I	The wreckage began raining down on their heads , and the forest caught fire .
va	I	My gut told me Lilla was the instigator , and there had been a fight in this room .
va	I	She popped her head up over the surface , and as it surrounded her she found her nerves loosening up .
va	O	你是我的世界的中心，并且你永远都会是。
va	O	迦勒盯着玛雅，并且她也回望着。
va	I	Jeanette nodded , and Rachel squealed .
va	I	She found it hard to breath and she could feel the tears building up in her eyes .
va	I	The sight remained but she blinked twice .
va	O	她足够聪明，能感觉到这个故事不容易讲，并且他很感激她让他用自己的方式讲述。
va	O	她看起来很真诚，但是她也很情绪化。
va	O	我的手指缠绕在他的头发里，并且我试图抬起他的头，这样我就可以看到他的眼睛。
va	I	Gray sunlight slanted through the window , and by then the rain had stopped .
va	O	他可能只是为了让我开心才这么说，并且我会接受的。
va	O	他看着我，并且他的眼睛眯了起来。
va	O	我没料到他会回答，但是他回答了，在稍作犹豫之后。
va	O	她没有笑，但是其他人也都没有笑。
va	O	我唤醒了她体内的野兽，并且我想要她臣服于我给予她的每一次触碰，每一个吻。
va	O	我会让她完全供应我的房子，但是我的厨师就再也不会跟我说话了。
va	I	She would never get shit from me , and her lifestyle would take a drastic change .
va	O	我喜欢个性鲜明的人，并且听起来约翰尼会很符合要求。
va	I	They 'd be stuck walking in the dark and she was worried the little car wouldn 't make it .
va	O	我挣扎着想挣脱，但是他却抱得更紧了。
va	I	She was the star rodeo rider and she was riding the guy like he was a bucking bronco .
va	O	她省略了很多，但是这对他们来说已经足够了。
va	I	I 'm not sure , but it sounds like JT .
va	I	He didn 't feel it coming from his mouth , but Cade could hear himself screaming .
va	I	That 's all , but I wish I knew more .
va	I	She got this bad feeling in her stomach , and Kylie asked .
va	O	如果她要离开的话，她的父母会更喜欢常春藤盟校的教育，但是德文没有考进前三名大学。
va	I	She blossomed under his attention , and there was no mistaking he held Charming on a pedestal .
va	I	The rough stone floor dug into her bare feet , and the smoke from the torch made her eyes sting .
va	I	I knew that I was dead , and there was silence .
va	I	She still knew I was there , but Sulla had her back to me .
va	O	艾米丽推了汉娜一下，并且她摇摇晃晃地站了起来。
va	O	他没有给我一个炽热的眼神，并且他也没有准备好嘲笑我向他调情的愚蠢尝试。
va	I	My heart rate picked up , and I looked at him sharply .
va	O	他思考了短暂的一秒，并且随后他宽广的笑容绽放开来。
va	O	然后他就在那次约会后立刻出现在你家门口，并且你们第二次睡在一起。
va	I	It still wasn 't terror , but Surprise was hovering in the classroom , in the eyes , in the hands .
va	I	She needed to be totally sure , but Mary knew her future was with him .
va	I	He knew he was correct , but Tony tried to comfort Jackson .
va	I	The archers released their arrows at the same instant and Hywel pointed .
va	I	He doesn 't say that , but like you just did , Willem thinks .
va	O	就在那时我转向莉拉，并且我的眼睛充满了泪水。
va	I	He did now , but he wasn 't one to openly display his feelings .
va	I	This was about the principle of the matter , but not that it would do him much good .
va	O	我的收件箱响了，并且我翻了回去。
va	I	All thought when she was around , and he lost all his reason , all sanity .
va	I	Garrett had always thought it incredibly appropriate , and his Comanche mother had named him Raven Eyes .
va	O	我想如果他们真的那样，他们罪有应得，但是这看起来太野蛮了。
va	O	他那天早上第一时间就给她打过电话了，并且当他跟她说话时，她当时并没有外出计划。
va	I	Sibyl waved it on its way and he pushed back the thought as he saw the Ford take off .
va	O	我以前从未那样做过，并且我此后就再也没做过。
va	I	They glided through the doors , and he handed off the pair of tickets Brady had left with them .
va	I	I won 't bother reading them and those emails are addressed to you .
va	O	那人倒吸了一口气，并且他的眼睛变得更大了。
va	O	琼想跟着，但是她一头撞上了她的父亲。
va	I	Something happens that I 've never seen before , and the Guardian on the floor howls in pain .
va	O	他的声音变得严肃，并且他再次感谢了我，向我保证他理解这样的肺腑之言是具有挑战性的。
va	I	The woman calling herself Jane had paled , and she 'd taken one look at him .
va	I	She was sure she wasn 't , but he sighed as if she was misinterpreting .
va	I	Worse things , worse things live there too ; but orcs , yes always Orcs .
va	O	他现在做不了什么，但是一旦事情有点眉目，他就能把事情办好。
va	O	她威胁性地走向他，但是幸好克里斯平运气好，迈克尔按在她手臂上的手阻止了她继续前进。
va	I	One of the receivers took off and they tossed the football to me .
va	O	亨丽埃塔想对他咯咯地笑，但是现在不是咯咯笑的时候。
va	O	他的母亲正在对他说些什么，但是他的眼睛却一直盯着我。
va	I	The family was too big not to have a huge wedding , and she refused to listen , claiming that a winter wedding would be beautiful .
va	I	Yet he could not touch me and his force crushed into my power .
va	I	Your picture proves it and there 's a difference .
va	O	我朝她走去，但是她也以同样的幅度后退。
va	I	We take a seat inside , where it is all soft shadows , and he selects a quiet cafe a few blocks from Adele 's building .
va	O	狗乖乖地跟在他脚边，并且索恩抚摸着它的额头。
va	O	海尔说，并且那些勉强的笑声变成了不相信的叹息。
va	O	他会不遗余力地确保我没事，但是我却担心他永远无法让自己的心走出来。
va	I	Encircling the cuffs , and a dark green knee-length winter coat with faux fur around the collar , down the front .
va	I	Its absence clearly distressed Terri , but I didn 't see the significance of the missing tablet .
va	O	市中心那家更大的医院接诊了大部分重症创伤病例，但是我们这里仍有足够多的病例让我忙碌。
va	O	他的拇指环绕到前面，越过我的髋骨，并且他的手指向下伸到我臀部的中间。
va	I	Mack is standing way too close to me , and the sun is going down .
va	O	她看着劳伦，并且她的棕色眼睛里有一种几乎是液态的柔软。
va	O	她从未与那个女人做过朋友，但是他们却一起度过了十一年的学校时光。
va	I	The price was right , and he had a car .
va	I	Devon rolled his eyes as Cassie giggled and Julian snorted .
va	I	He didn 't care , but the paintbrush clattered to the floor .
va	O	科迪检查着墙上排列的壁灯，但是火把却早已全部烧尽。
va	I	The warmth of the sun helped to take the chill out of the slight breeze , but the day had turned cooler .
va	O	太阳即将落山，并且空气中带着一丝凉意。
va	O	他的肩膀保持紧绷，并且他没有移开视线。
va	O	我很信任她，并且我不知道为什么。
va	I	After I consented to the decision too , he let it go , but he was confused .
va	O	玛西娅又看起来很困惑了，并且那确实是一种非常漂亮的困惑。
va	I	She looked straight ahead , avoiding his gaze , but he bent to say some words to Maureen .
va	I	I can 't even seem to find one full piece , but I cringe as I try to put the pieces together .
va	O	冷空气本应让她头脑清醒，但是他把身体移到离她很近的地方，击碎了她仅剩的一点镇定。
va	I	My balance left and the world moved .
va	O	在战斗中倒下意味着我们的死亡，并且我们从未考虑过其他任何事情。
va	I	His mask was pulled back on his forehead , but Buzz was still in his wetsuit .
va	O	我把头向后仰，并且她递给我一条毛巾。
va	I	She saw him shaking , and Garen was breathing hard .
va	I	Once her eyes adjusted to the darkness , she looked toward the space between the loosely drawn curtains , and she turned off the lamp .
va	O	传来一声巨响，并且飞镖击中了目标。
va	O	阿黛尔递过一个记事本，并且温克勒从口袋里掏出一支笔。
va	I	She could feel the questioning from him , tickling her mind and Jaime trailed behind her .
va	I	Then turned to her friend , Donna and cathy scowled for a second .
va	I	It looked like it was going to rain , and the clouds in the sky were rolling in .
va	I	I could barely see him , and the clouds would move over the half-moon .
va	O	他给哈特利递了一把枪，但是飞行员展示了他的右前臂，仿佛那是他唯一需要的武器。
va	I	She couldn 't get her next story down on paper fast enough and after she sat down at her desk , the words started to flow .
va	O	我本该留在城里，但是那样我就永远发现不了什么。
va	O	他是安全的，并且他在外面。
va	O	我的心告诉我吻她，但是我的理智告诉我离开。
va	I	I assumed they were heading for their cars so they could follow me , and I watched as some of the paparazzi scattered .
va	O	圣凯瑟琳需要一位新市长，并且友善的当地杀手们已经决定他们中的一个应该担任这个职位。
va	I	It was supposed to work out , and this was perfect .
va	I	Why did he keep calling her Marianna , but it could be just coincidence , a very strange one ?
va	I	There was no substituting the actual image , but I 'd imagined their faces countless times .
va	I	Russ licked his hands and Sam crouched to pet him .
va	O	他们走到了门廊上，并且她能看出那是真的。
va	O	我记起了他第一次见到我时看我的方式，并且我记起了他昨天对我笑的方式。
va	I	I were secretly dating anyway and it 's not like Zeke .
va	I	Without conscious thought , I opened up to him , and his words were whispered in my ear .
va	I	Doing so only makes her laughter more difficult to contain , but I elbow her to hold her snickers .
va	O	她很快就明白了沃恩被这个女人吸引了，并且她能理解为什么。
va	O	她能想象胜利，但是随着墙上的钟持续滴答作响，那令人满意的画面消散了。
va	I	They didn 't make the Wild Card and they 're not in the playoffs anyway .
va	O	男孩先走了，一言不发，并且没人知道他后来怎么样了。
va	I	Its doors opened and the lift tinged .
va	I	Its like she smelled me but I tried to get closer .
va	O	渐渐地，很清楚旅程不会很快结束了，并且她发现自己的思绪开始游离。
va	O	起初，我以为他在开玩笑，但是看一眼他的脸，我就知道他不是。
va	I	I cringed as it headed toward an upstairs window , and it soared back toward him .
va	I	He realized what an ass he 'd made of himself and Trenton sized him up for a moment , before his shoulders relaxed .
va	I	This was not something that the master had ever asked for before , but it understood this .
va	I	It 's thick , but I slide the blood around between my fingertips .
va	O	萨曼莎可能不是个演员，但是她现在干得非常棒。
va	I	I told them all romantic nonsense to keep them happy and they all wanted to get their futures told of course .
va	O	我在小女孩面前跪了下来，并且我注意到她连衣裙的下摆沾满了泥土。
va	O	你袭击了一个手无寸铁的堕落者，并且他没有还击你，一次也没有。
va	I	For a moment , we were the only two people there , and a blush heated my cheeks as his smile deepened .
va	I	I knew he hadn 't always lived a privileged lifestyle , but it was hard to imagine Vincent roughing it after having seen his house .
va	I	We ran into each other there , but we didn 't go together .
va	O	哈利不想重提此事，并且他的眼睛四处游移，寻找其他话题。
va	O	我说这话时脸颊发热，但是我不想收回它。
va	O	一瞬间，恐惧充满了我，但是奇怪的是，他的粗犷却让我兴奋。
va	O	夜幕降临了，并且几颗星星在头顶闪烁着，当我凝视着这座城市时。
va	I	Gently , very gently , bit her ear and he put his hand on her hip .
va	I	She was profoundly grateful , and he 'd agreed to come speak at her little church on the needs of the homeless .
va	I	This time it was not firing in the direction of the house but the rifle from the barn barked again .
va	O	我对妈妈思念得厉害，而且她才离开了几天。
va	I	I tossed it into the nearest trash can without regret and we all stood .
va	I	I had an urge to run my fingers down each ripple , and his abs looked so pronounced .
va	O	比维恩高的人不多，但是阿什是其中之一。
va	I	I could never abandon him and this was Colt 's child .
va	I	It has and they was afraid it was going to happen !
va	O	我对此不抱期待，但是我所开启的这一新篇章的一部分意味着我不会发脾气。
va	O	该死的泪水再次刺痛我的双眼，而且我只是开始摇头，无法做出任何其他回应。
va	O	花了一段时间，但是我感觉到了一些东西。
va	O	一个饱受折磨的可怜灵魂不是他惯常的受害者，但是他那嗜血的心思似乎从未停止。
va	O	我不会伤害他们，并且他们也能接受我的怪异之处。
va	O	我保持距离，但是我也跟着。
va	O	他说，'朱迪思想今天推迟，但是我认为我们必须告诉你。
va	I	Misty knew she 'd wanted to die , but her sister had blamed the local hospital .
va	I	Emotionless anymore , they lingered and his eyes weren 't flat .
va	O	嗯，我一点也没尖叫，但是我想要。
va	I	His concern for Claire overrode all other rational thought , but he recognized the need to tamp them down .
va	I	We had to march , but the sky looked dreadful .
va	I	Alex steered clear of the kitchen altogether , but Haley occasionally got the idea to cook .
va	I	She wasn 't wearing them , and her own were filthy .
va	I	There was more than a hint of cruelty in his pale eyes , and Petr knew I 'd get in trouble .
va	O	我早些时候和希特谈过后就怀疑了，但是我不想相信。
va	O	按阿拉恩的计算，他们有足够的水度过冬天，但是他仍然小心使用。
va	O	这些人可能会监视你，以确保我不会回来，但是他们不会费心跟着你环游世界。
va	I	It surprised me that Billy would stoop to claiming that , and there was much more to this than an unrequited crush .
va	I	He nodded in response , and I glanced up at Stefan .
va	O	此时我可以给司机指路，但是他似乎完全有能力自己找到路。
va	I	It was obvious that the storm was about to break but Jeremy immediately wanted to go ashore .
va	I	It was also many , but it was one voice .
va	O	他从未感到如此无助，并且这不是一种愉快的感受。
va	O	肾上腺素在我体内几乎没有涌动，而且我确信这会非常容易。
va	I	That pissed him off , and he was barely winded .
va	O	她被愤怒扭曲了，并且复仇的欲望燃起了她。
va	O	我们停了下来，并且我推开了他。
va	O	他的左太阳穴上有一道伤口，并且一道血迹在他的下巴上干涸变黑。
va	I	Her expressive eyes betrayed an inner unhappiness , but Carly smiled for the camera .
va	O	我试过了，但是我无法再移动他的手。
va	O	我宁愿舒服点，而且这已经是我能达到的最舒服状态了。
va	I	Her lips curled in a small , reluctant smile , but Nicole pressed the button to raise the glass partition .
va	O	诺亚的表情仍然怀疑，但是他什么也没说。
va	I	He ignored the gesture , tugging gently on her wrists until she unfolded her arms ' again , but she shook her head .
va	O	莫顿似乎有意挑起争端，并且我很容易就能猜到是在哪里。
va	I	I feel the wall against my back shaking , too , and the ground begins to shake again .
va	O	JD脸色发白，但是他点了点头。
va	I	The damage had already been done , but she dropped the fabric like it was on fire .
va	O	我不想看她，但是我无法停止。
va	O	她还没有真正有机会和他们中的任何一个人说话，但是他们都看起来非常友好。
va	I	He leaned down to kiss me and he 'd insisted we sit together in the small booth against the wall .
va	I	The man 's voice was carried away on a sudden breeze , but Meyer strained to hear what was being said .
va	O	他们看起来像战士，并且他们看起来像野人。
va	O	她的思绪翻腾，但是她的身体却感受到了她喜欢他如此靠近带来的安全与舒适。
va	O	他已经处于崩溃的边缘，并且她最不需要的就是另一次争吵。
va	I	Buildings lit up from the inside out as I sipped my wine , watching the city come alive and lights switched on .
va	I	He cut in before they would come , and she struggled to get the words out .
va	O	不知何故她的潜意识认出了我，或者也许那是她的灵魂。
va	O	铃铛太重了，无法翻过来，并且它需要两只手才能抓住。
va	O	他礼貌地对工作人员笑了笑，并且他们回以更加犹豫的笑容。
va	I	The crowd called for it , but he was too lost in concentration to ask us if he should add another .
va	I	Her eyes sparkled and we both laughed .
va	I	Aunt Prue glanced away , but I looked at her .
va	O	我是善意地预订了这辆交通工具的座位，并且我无意迟到我的约会！
va	I	Easy to defend if it came to that but it would be difficult to climb .
va	I	After a few more seconds , she backed off , and I just didn 't want them right now .
va	O	他听起来很惊讶，但是辩护律师知道他在假装。
va	O	大约二十分钟后，电子门开了，并且入口处可以看到几条毛茸茸的腿，紧接着又是六条。
va	O	她的姐妹们以前也这样把她拉出去过，但是和她们一起购物似乎一点也不好玩。
va	O	他们挥了挥手，并且我也点头回应。
va	I	His profile came into view , and he turned his head .
va	O	我知道那很糟糕，并且你表现得很好。
va	I	We 'll get them to the airport and have them take one small bag each .
va	I	He wasn 't about to change now and that was how he lived his life .
va	O	她又试图尖叫，但是他的嘴捂住了声音。
va	I	I only stopped once for gas , and the trip to Charleston was three hours .
va	I	I hadn 't seen Dank anywhere and only four minutes left in the game .
va	I	Suddenly it was morning , and I closed my eyes for a few seconds .
va	O	他停顿了一下，琢磨他能说多少，但是最终，真相胜出。
va	O	随着有人暂停电影，声音戛然而止，并且随着其他人起身，沙发发出吱呀声。
va	O	我为此恨自己，但是我几乎被她所做的事情折服了。
va	I	The power must have been within me from the beginning , but I couldn 't say how I did it .
va	I	I can barely put any space between us and his hold on me is firm .
va	O	他回头看了看，并且如果我不是非常清楚，我几乎会以为我看到他笑了。
va	I	The only thing he was certain about was that they were supposed to be with their mothers , and he knew nothing about infants .
va	O	在默多克说话的时候，他一直把椅子慢慢地挪到一边，并且现在他抬起头看着那个人。
va	O	它很快还是弹开了，并且泪水彻底爆发了。
va	O	他想把她从他的脑海中清除出去，但是他开始怀疑她现在已是他永久的一部分了。
va	I	You can 't , but I know you want to .
va	O	我把你算作他们中的一员，然而，并且我希望更好地了解你。
va	O	他的领结是黑色的，并且他系得很熟练。
va	O	我更幸运，因为我父亲很富有，并且他在我身上花了很多钱。
va	O	当他再次尝试舱口夹时，它们转动了，但是他没有打开舱口。
va	O	当我们登上飞机时，他把我的包递给了一位乘务员，并且我们并排坐下了。
va	I	She was gone , and there was a click .
va	I	She was always happy to engage in comedic banter with him , but she was pretty , in a severe kind of way .
va	O	它遥远到超出了思想的范围，但是它一直在那里。
va	I	Mr. White 's still had a trace of dark-colored liquor , but Simon 's was empty .
va	I	He knew she was long gone , but he 'd traced to the airport .
va	I	My tummy went to jelly and she smiled as she gave it to me .
va	I	Lea was fast enough to dodge the punch by leaning back , but Luisa retaliated by throwing a right uppercut at Lea 's chin .
va	O	在接下来的几天里来找我，并且我将考虑安排你去实验室。
va	O	我睁开眼睛，并且太阳升起来了。
va	O	他们都穿着燕尾服，看起来英俊极了，并且我走近时，他们都对我回以微笑。
va	O	这是一种除草剂，并且直升机会飞过丛林，像农用飞机一样将其喷洒到所有东西上。
va	I	I led them all , but don 't get me wrong , none of us were saints by any means .
va	O	我看不见，但是 我听到了水流的声音。
va	O	钱德勒突然向后退去，并且 她的眼睛猛然睁开。
va	O	他意识到在他数赔偿金的时候，她一直在说话，并且 他看了过去。
va	O	他不喜欢披萨上放菠萝，并且 他和我们对电影的品味不同。
va	O	他必须在房间里，碰触着我，或者 我触碰他的某样东西，才能如此清晰地感知到他。
va	I	Now she could see that he was shaking his head and Hana 's eyes were getting used to the darkness in the side cave .
va	O	他们声称她被米格尔玷污了，并且 他们不想要她回来。
va	I	It was obvious he suspected there was something otherworldly about her , but Zack hadn 't mentioned vampires .
va	O	那天是她在烦他，并且他嘲笑她问题太多了。
va	O	奥格已经跳回了过去，但是安东尼亚不知道这件事。
va	I	Here he stood before her , weakened in his need , yet Marcus had nearly killed a man with his bare hands .
va	I	I hooked my arms under his shoulders and Addie grabbed for Callum 's bound feet .
va	O	我正要拒绝，但是我确实需要帮助。
va	I	I meet her eyes once more in the mirror and I feel my own climax coming .
va	I	I flinched , gripping onto the branch tightly and another noise drifted to me from the darkness .
va	O	他盯着远方发呆，并且约瑟芬耐心地等待着。
va	O	我已经害怕把它们中的任何一个关起来的想法了，但是希望我们能在几天内把它们放走。
va	O	这从来都不好看，并且那只雄性很难在自己的同类中恢复声誉。
va	O	她的目光移向贝茜担忧的脸，并且她叹了口气。
va	O	雪下得更大了，并且风确实加剧了，狂暴地拍打着她脸上的头发。
va	O	她试着挤出一个微笑，但是他没有回应。
va	I	He took her mouth , kissing her with the possessive passion that had seduced her from the first and his head lowered .
va	O	那个陌生人能看到他，并且他也能看到那个陌生人。
va	I	Wide enough for me to get in quickly , but finally , the wooded door opened up slowly .
va	O	这个据点从未真正立于坚实的大地之上，而且现在整个地方可能都会化为乌有。
va	I	It will never be dull , but it 'll get less sharp .
va	I	He was there and she rolled over .
va	I	He understood the place was a reflection of how they lived now , but not as grand as he 'd wanted to offer her .
va	I	He stood outside the door of his home , thinking , and Brian got home late again .
va	O	这并没有让他们停下来，但是他仍然感觉好多了。
va	I	When it comes to dealing out death , regular mortal know-how can be just as impressive , but Magic is groovy .
va	O	每当他触碰到她时，她的皮肤都会发麻，但是海莉尽力不去在意。
va	I	It sparks the animal inside of me and she licks the roof of my mouth .
va	I	I stared down at my phone and he hung up .
va	O	奈杰尔比我小两岁，但是即便在孩童时期我们也知道。
va	I	His eyes , at least what she could see in the darkness , held concern , and his voice held a hint of sadness .
va	I	She was dragged back up the steps and a hand touched her shoulder .
va	I	I plunged through its shredded fragments into a wholly different place , and now the last thread that held the world together unraveled .
va	O	本宁顿是一所受人尊敬的学校，而且我口齿伶俐。
va	O	我几乎为意识到自己有另一个任务而感到高兴，并且我走进厨房开始履行它。
va	O	他们有时能收到邮件，但是这次旅行不太可能。
va	O	他妻子在他入狱期间与他离婚了，并且她还带走了他们的儿子丹尼尔。
va	I	He wasn 't about to give up just yet and they were driving him somewhere .
va	O	她高高地俯视着梅丽莎，像着了魔一样怒视着她，但是如果她指望梅丽莎卑躬屈膝，那她就大错特错了。
va	I	Indicating to the tattoo and I bring my right hand up .
va	I	He made out their intent but Tarleton couldn 't understand the words .
va	I	Even that had taken some getting used to , and Balthazar himself didn 't care for being around wraiths who weren 't named Bianca .
va	O	以利亚不在乎他的鞋带，但是他还是系上了。
va	O	他强烈的倾向是彻底摆脱她，但是家庭关系很复杂。
va	I	There was no reason I should be failing this class , and numbers I understood , had a quick mind for them .
va	O	她环顾四周，但是湖边没有其他人。
va	I	I stomped into the car , and the elevator doors slid open .
va	I	Trevor appears to be as uneasy as I am and his father looks upset .
va	O	我感到眼睛里湿湿的，并且我因为这奇怪的感觉而困惑地眨了眨眼。
va	I	I was going to get to see Jack , but I was going to have to leave again !
va	O	颜色映照在形状上，并且一个熟悉的场景浮现了。
va	I	I flicked it away from my fingers , and a thin coating of dust came off .
va	O	他们只需一瞥就能为所有人表演，并且每次我看到他们，他们都会震撼我。
va	O	珍娜走向楼梯，但是我待在原地。
va	O	我以为我在他们身上读出了悔恨，但是哪一种，我却不确定。
va	O	她的眼睛短暂地闪烁了一下，但是她没有回应。
va	O	雪已经漂移到金属窗台，并且他不得不蹲下来往里看。
va	I	Now I was back in control , but I knew I 'd sounded shaken on the phone .
va	I	She took the opportunity to shut the door in my face , and I stepped back in disbelief , shocked she would actually suggest that I could .
va	I	Her mouth was dry but she would have swallowed .
va	O	飞船冲过大气层，并且你降落在一个隔离舱里。
va	I	Blood was dripping into a small puddle on the marble floor , and a dark stain on the leg of my jeans was growing .
va	I	He was too heavy to move any farther but she lifted his shoulders up off the ground .
va	O	它是圆形的，就像一个室内圆形剧场，并且一股寒意传遍我的脊椎。
va	O	有加文和我的合影。
va	O	他会让他们受苦，就像他和他的小妹妹会因为他们而遭受一辈子的痛苦一样。
va	O	她的表情停顿了一秒，但是她又恢复过来，对我微笑。
va	I	His stomach lurched and the world spun .
va	O	我已经开车开到回家路程的一半了，但是我不能再等下去读约瑟夫·爱德华兹的笔记了。
va	I	When it came to her daughter , she was 100 percent old-school Mexican , but her mother had lived in America for the past thirty years .
va	I	Billy wasn 't saying , and no one knew how old .
va	O	她看到他脸上掠过一丝沉思，并且他一瞬间看起来很害怕。
va	I	I decided to look around , and obviously Elite would open here .
va	O	是的，它是实体的，并且细节多到这不可能是他想象出来的。
va	O	她看到一个男人走了进来，还没等她意识到那是杰克，她就用尽全身力气打在他的脖子上。
va	O	娜塔莉的心跳加速，并且她呼吸困难。
va	O	我不知道达米恩有什么计划，但是我完全相信我会喜欢它。
va	O	又有两扇锁着的门被打开了，并且他溜了过去。
va	O	奥斯汀不知道她期待什么，但是这肯定不是。
va	I	Caleb felt a good measure of surprise himself , and Madison blinked at him in surprise .
va	I	I had moved any of Dad 's stuff and months had passed before Mom .
va	O	她从布里那里学到了很多，并且她知道他现在感觉如何。
va	I	Meat couldn 't be left out without attracting animals but they kept milk bottles parked out on the porch all night .
va	I	Maybe that was his own , but he swore he could feel her heart leaping from her shirt to his chest ?
va	I	She only gets his voicemail , but Tammie calls his cell phone , hoping to reach him before he gets too far away .
va	O	丹尼尔走到了停车场，而且那里停着那辆老旧忠诚的红色皮卡。
va	O	它很粘，但是没有违规。
va	I	The door opened , and the latch clattered .
va	O	她紧贴着他，随着他的手指和舌头继续着无休止的快感侵袭。
va	I	There is no word to describe the depth of her sadness , and she watches him snort the drug .
va	O	正如我所说，我父亲那时气得不行，而且我们已经学会了在那种时刻保持距离。
va	O	安保人员冲进了房间，并且加布里埃尔立刻从那人身边走开，他高大的身体保护性地遮住了弗朗西斯卡。
va	O	我考虑过问更多问题，但是我不能确定亨利是不是合适的人选。
va	I	Her trust in him began to build , and he never did .
va	I	I feel my knees give way as a feral sounding moan escapes me and I spot his bloody shirt .
va	O	汉斯本可以处理好，但是没有其他人拥有他一丁点的技能。
va	O	我掉了包，并且我争抢着去拿我的收音机。
va	O	我收拾东西时爸爸没有抬头，并且我告别时他心不在焉地向我挥了挥手。
va	I	She 'd believed him , and Ted had said he loved her .
va	O	他早些时候保护了她，并且布鲁图斯喜欢他。
va	I	Joe emerged from behind a chest of drawers , and Chuy called .
va	I	I live with my mother , working the same job I 've had for a decade and I 'm twenty-nine .
va	I	Quixote dozed at his feet , and Maximillian rested his muzzle in Cain 's lap .
va	O	她试图挡开这一击，但是它击中了她的肩膀。
va	O	灯灭了，并且这里更暗了。
va	O	杰克逊·雷纳德已经得到了他想要的，并且现在他与我无关了。
va	O	我佯攻，并且在他反击时，他一瞬失去了平衡——这提供了我所需的机会。
va	I	The bed frame stopped any form of retreat , but he tried to scramble backward .
va	I	There were numerous points of egress around the park that were not , but the major entrances were covered .
va	I	The flicker of hurt flashed in his eyes , but Rick shrugged .
va	I	Jake was no longer caressing her , but that sent an even more powerful wave of passion shooting through her .
va	O	幕布再次升起，并且第二幕开始了。
va	O	他意识到自己已经落后于流亡者群体，并且她也退了回来和他说话。
va	O	他的衣物柔顺剂气味芬芳，并且就在那时她决定自己彻底疯了。
va	O	他前天给她打了电话，并且她明天应该会到这里。
va	I	The exodus had already begun but the Zero Hour was nearing .
va	O	从后楼梯把她带出去，并且我会掩护你。
va	I	She kissed him back with matching hunger , and her own longing coiled through her body .
va	I	He didn 't , but Hal knew that he should have taken his hands away from the small of her back .
va	I	His right hand curled into a fist and a red haze descended over Isaac 's vision .
va	O	他也想让我去伦敦，但是我说了没门。
va	O	他回复的严厉程度甚至震惊了一些更愤怒的陪审员，但是他们的团结没有破裂。
va	O	几百英尺外的一根电线杆被撞倒了，并且它的电线正冒着带电火花。
va	I	The army staff has been notified , and no visitors have been allowed to enter .
va	I	It locked with Garrett 's , and the creak of the screen door brought her gaze around .
va	I	My sex clenched his finger and I arched into his hand .
va	I	They were still fighting mad , and about a week ago I got three drunks out of lock up .
va	O	我无法集中注意力，并且现在我很生气。
va	I	She offered a sympathetic smile , and her lips made a hard line .
va	O	凯瑞医生脸色放松了，并且她坐回了椅子。
va	I	I can 't get it free , but I struggle to free my foot .
va	O	当压力解除，并且伤口暴露在空气中时，他畏缩了一下。
va	O	他几乎无法抬起头，但是他眼中的仇恨从未软化。
va	I	We find a booth in the back corner , and he guides me into the sparsely populated restaurant .
va	O	它的记忆仍然困在我的肌肉里，并且我能感觉到它们在用力将玻璃杯举到我的嘴唇边。
va	I	Why would it matter to him , but perhaps Scott suspected infidelity ?
va	O	我为此感到羞愧，但是我在这故事里已经走得太远了，不能说谎，即使是省略的谎言。
va	O	我以前从未身处其中，并且那不像在飞机里。
va	O	人们很容易会好奇这个城镇为何被建造，但是他们将只能继续好奇。
va	I	She responded with a sultry smile , and he cocked an eyebrow at her suggestive tone .
va	O	她觉得他们通常一起做的这些友好习惯有些幼稚，但是她喜欢和她的朋友一起度过时光。
va	I	I don 't want to , and I can 't change that .
va	I	Her eyelids drooped , but her heart was thudding against her ribs .
va	I	He sat up straight and suddenly his eyes cleared .
va	O	这是凯当天第一次猎杀，但是这几乎肯定不会是他的最后一次。
va	I	We didn 't slide all the way back but we slid backwards twice during our ascent of that small hill .
va	I	He shook his head , and his brow furrowed .
va	I	The necklace was gone , but Jessica put a hand up to her neck instinctively .
va	I	It disoriented him a little , and Slap left a reddish handprint across his cheek for days .
va	I	I looked over at her , blinking my eyes slowly and her warm hand returned to mine .
va	O	这个时刻意义重大，并且伊森正在毁掉它。
va	I	He knew his sorcerer would not answer them until he was ready : but he was disappointed , because there were a million questions he wanted answered .
va	I	I got away , but some guy tried to kidnap me .
va	O	我们确实需要谈谈，但是我太累了。
va	I	He was clearly not dead but Ironside was badly wounded .
va	I	I don 't let on but I disagree with his statement .
va	I	She refused to believe any of it , but the words still echoed through her .
va	I	Having Reid holding tightly to her arm didn 't help anything , but that shouldn 't have been enough to trigger her terror .
va	I	A search was made , and he failed to report back to his station at the close of his shift .
va	I	Her eyes narrowed and Keeley 's mouth dropped open .
va	O	他说他认为这比暴露我们更糟糕，但是我相信他仍然无法如此严重地伤害我们。
va	I	You 'll kill him or you need to stop .
va	O	这是一个他从未见过的箭矢，并且他几乎立刻就看到了它的价值。
va	I	He wasn 't finished , but fawkes stood up slowly .
va	O	他觉得他必须找个地方发泄他的不满，并且现在米沙似乎是最好的选择。
va	O	四个是手枪弹匣，并且两个是他的步枪的。
va	I	Then suddenly I feel nothing at all , and I feel too many things to manage , too powerfully to handle .
va	I	I let him and Spencer laid his hands on me .
va	O	我的一部分随多米尼克而逝，并且那是一段漫长的回归之路。
va	O	凯特无法掩饰痛苦，并且她咬着嘴唇蜷缩成一团。
va	O	这个地方有一个故事有待讲述，并且只有你读过它才能认出来。
va	I	It was pretty cool that I could , but I hadn 't technically done that trick before .
va	O	我首先担心的是水的温度，但是它并没有太冷。
va	O	他想转身离开她，但是她抓住了他的手臂。
va	I	I 've already managed to give Logan all the leeway he needs to have her for himself , and the girl from my dreams is here .
va	O	我与迪伦对视，并且他正用一种相当阴沉的眼神看着我。
va	O	入口处像一条走廊，但是几码之后隧道通向了一个巨大的洞穴式房间。
va	I	Finally he cleared his throat , but diggs had gone quiet again .
va	I	Already they were about eight inches down and the ground was soft .
va	O	他们是农业专家，并且他们与扎克一起工作。
va	O	她的面具后面很难看清她的表情，但是她的眼睛似乎很悲伤。
va	O	桑德斯拿着我的枪，并且他正在射击他们。
va	I	Still there would be that one person who 'll despise you , and hell you could be a saint .
va	I	I can provide her with a good one and that child needs a home .
va	I	I 'm not reading any damage , and there was nothing on the scope .
va	I	She wasn 't about to admit that to him , but every night in her fantasies for the past five years .
va	O	波尔飞得比我好，但是我确信我们疯狂的速度让她疲惫不堪，几乎和我一样筋疲力尽。
va	I	She 's holding two sodas , and her hands are resting gently at her sides .
va	I	The coachman screamed , and the vehicle rocked slightly .
va	I	He felt his body grow tight and Callum had the same thought they did .
va	O	我越过他的肩膀皱眉看着笔记，但是我实在无法理解它们。
va	O	霍莉选择了适合与埃文度浪漫假期的服装，而且其中没有一件看起来完全适合这个特殊的场合。
va	I	The wheel on the bottom turned too , and it turned , forcing a chain around .
va	I	He thanked him anyway , but Nathan wasn 't sure what good things Anderson had told him .
va	I	Surely , as A , she saw a foolproof opportunity , and surely she had known what they were going to do .
va	I	Each one wore a belt with several small objects attached to it but Ronnie thought it was weird that none of them wore helmets .
va	O	你要去读它，并且接着你将见到我们的小汉弗莱，以理解其影响。
va	I	I realize that I 'm staring and his bushy eyebrows rise in question .
va	I	He didn 't accept it , but Steven tried to apologize .
va	O	我咬了咬嘴唇，不想卷入其中，但是杰克逊似乎对这个话题非常感兴趣。
va	O	昆恩说那部电影是喜剧，并且应该非常搞笑。
va	O	也许是那间通风的老旧浴室里的秋凉让我发抖，但是也许是拉奎尔的恐惧。
va	O	他的目光与我的相遇，但是我没有看到任何熟悉的东西。
va	O	这些男人不会给他们的工人避孕药，但是他们会乐意把性传播疾病传染给他们。
va	I	I 'm exhausted , and I didn 't sleep well last night .
va	I	His face strained as he came - almost in her face and his body suddenly stiffened .
va	O	她的眼睛瞪大了，并且她迅速挂断了电话。
va	O	这既令人沮丧又令人绝望，但是没有理由放弃希望。
va	O	塞巴斯蒂安也盯着她屏住了呼吸，并且他的心似乎突然停止了跳动。
va	O	他是一个令人敬畏的男人，但是他并不具有威胁性。
va	O	我再也忍不住的泪水夺眶而出，并且我感觉到克莱尔靠过来加入我们。
va	O	她眼中带着恐惧看着我，而且她那样看我让我心如刀绞。
va	O	我在他的话语中听到了，并且我的心沉得更深了。
va	O	我不想让任何人等待，而且我渴望到达雪瀑镇。
va	O	他 isOnRight的，并且她知道。
va	I	It was too late , but Nick jumped back .
va	O	西汉姆联队开球了，并且快节奏的比赛开始了。
va	O	我几乎不认识她，但是我想让她脸上不再有那种悲伤的神情，而这正是我不想去想的事情。
va	I	There was pure darkness in the room except right around the glowing backpack and he stuffed it in his backpack .
va	I	She gave him a gentle squeeze and her hands found the tense bulge below my belt .
va	O	他是我生命中十年的组成部分，而且他现在需要我。
va	O	他试图故作镇定，但是我能听到他沙哑的低吼声从四英尺外传来。
va	I	I don 't see it , but I can hear her shift , pulling her hand in more tightly .
va	O	我的思绪似乎更敏锐了，而且我清晰地记住了大部分甚至全部本应由我的短期记忆记录下的事件。
va	O	我开始咧嘴笑，但是想到他让胸口的疼痛重新泛起。
va	I	She felt bad about it , and she had lied to Miranda .
va	I	Then he realized it was merely a dream -- an elusive dream he could not grasp , and he sat up , frowning , confused .
va	O	一切都出了差错，而且他损失了一大笔钱。
va	O	他的脸上带着不解，但是也带着一丝恐惧。
va	I	His eyes closed and he went still in Michael 's hold .
va	I	You must be up to it , but this provides a unique opportunity for the two of you .
va	I	Whatever agenda they were serving and as far as I knew , I was just a tool for Maria him .
va	O	她的脸很柔和，并且她对他微笑了。
va	I	I suspected her voice could convince people to do anything , but she had a bad personality .
va	O	他耸了耸肩，并且我叹了口气。
va	I	I sipped on the sweet liquid and he handed me the cold glass .
va	O	她咧着嘴开始沿着走廊朝数学教室走去，并且我跟上了她的步伐。
va	O	寂静包围着他们，但是，又一次，尼基又让他如愿了。
va	I	He could earn almost as good money closer to Denver , and this baking in the desert was not for him .
va	I	She looked exhausted and we both ate .
va	O	她侧卧着，面对着我，并且被子拉到了她的下巴下面。
va	I	She reached up to clasp his hand and her eyes met his .
va	O	门铃又响了，并且有人开始敲前门。
va	O	从长远来看，这只会增加更多的工作，但是，哇，那一刻感觉会很好。
va	O	他毫不掩饰的好奇心迫使她继续说下去，并且伊莱娜最终想到了。
va	I	He didn 't but she expected him to say more .
va	O	里面有一个小卷轴，并且他把它递给了我。
va	I	You 'd be trying to get them to work with you , and we 'd be trying to get them to work with us .
va	O	她不会让巴兰一个人待着，但是她需要把他带回城堡。
va	I	She looks really nice and she 's still smiling .
va	I	Shawn looked at Seth a moment , realizing he seriously wanted to know more about this , and the question seemed out of place .
va	I	This cracked as she moved , scraping against her skin , and the sleeves of the dress were stiff with dried blood .
va	O	我有大约四个小时要打发，并且公寓开始让我感到烦躁不安。
va	I	Gideon 's question from a moment ago made sense , and finally the spiderwebs in my head had cleared away .
va	I	The light he saw was that of a star now 97,000 years older , but yes , he could see its light ( clear as day ) .
va	I	Just like any location , there is always room for improvement , but my building is secure .
va	I	He laughs and I roll my eyes .
va	O	艾米丽坚持说我们见面时她快十八岁了，但是 我发现她根本没那么大。
va	I	Some years they 'd been known to entertain a hundred people for Christmas lunch and apparently the house would constantly receive visitors during the Christmas period .
va	I	The screen flickered to life , and she moved the mouse on the sky blue pad .
va	O	我搞砸了，并且 我会接受那个差成绩。
va	O	我们那天按规定已经关门了，但是 人们仍然能从窗户里看到里面。
va	O	她浑身疼痛，但是 她明白他的意思。
va	I	He was the only one that could stop it , and she had no intention of going to New Jersey .
va	O	凯特打开了大门，里面有一个大草坪、各种玩具和巨大的水碗。
va	I	She saw him decide to fake it , but Shane didn 't believe that for a second .
va	O	我们从她的车里手忙脚脚乱地出来了，并且 她把车挂入档位。
va	I	His hand splayed over her stomach , and his thigh settled over her legs .
va	I	It burst into blue flames , and he held up a hand to Veritas .
va	I	She cared more than she could admit , and Gil was simply so easy to love .
va	O	她的手又试图飘向她的喉咙，但是 她把手指紧握在膝上。
va	I	I wait patiently , and the days pass .
va	I	Establishing it had not been easy , but Judith had never shied away from the truth .
va	I	I hurled her against a tree , with a slight flick of my wrist and my eyes flashed green .
va	I	Iona had managed it , but Defiance in the face of Eric 's will was almost impossible .
va	I	She wasn 't certain he could even understand her , and she couldn 't get out more than his name .
va	O	我透过那个窗户般的开口向外看，并且 我没有看到任何人。
va	I	Sure enough , there was a guy in the bleachers , and I glanced up .
va	O	莎朗玫瑰会因此恨她，但是那则新闻报道让她想吃一个芝士汉堡。
va	O	我们呼出的热气在冰冷的空气中形成水雾，并且唯一的声音是细雪轻轻拍打的声音。
va	O	在那之后，我们将把目标对准连环盗窃犯和已知的反社会活动。
va	I	With a hidden thought , she did catch , but -- He noticed calmly .
va	O	她知道码头城也不便宜，并且她不知道加勒特期望她付多少钱。
va	I	I had no idea what it was and something very strange was going on .
va	I	He does not remember the notes but Leander Jack remembers that it is called ' Ode to Joy ' .
va	O	他们绊倒了他，让他感到困惑，并且他开始产生幻觉。
va	I	She knew without a doubt that her father was not acting like himself but she couldn 't explain her fathers ' actions .
va	O	没有把手，然而当塞琳娜靠近它时，它自己打开了。
va	O	哦，对了，并且另一个吸血鬼路易莎想让我死，因为我在前世从她身边抢走了伊利亚。
va	O	她转过身，当她看向我时，震惊涌上她的脸庞。
va	O	那天早晨阳光刺眼，并且他对烦恼毫无耐心。
va	O	从他站着的地方看，在伦道夫看来那男人只有一根眉毛，但是他觉得那不可能对。
va	O	肯齐，被我们所有人都遗忘了，投给我一个担忧的眼神，并且我耸了耸肩，试图表现得漫不经心。
va	O	这片风景对度假村老板有利，并且威尔认为那才是他们唯一感兴趣的。
va	O	比赛已到第四节尾声，并且莎拉可以看到阿什利·卡特精疲力尽了。
va	I	None of them had come back out , but he had sent hundreds into the Fog .
va	I	I hope you understand , and my intentions must remain private for now .
va	I	It feels like hours before the man clears his throat to speak and Sweat beads on my forehead .
va	I	He wouldn 't have noticed and I probably could 've broken out in a full-on tap dance right then .
va	O	他很感激她的心情好转了，并且事情终于步入正轨。
va	O	他们所嫁的大多数绅士看起来都很不错，但是他们一点也不像保罗。
va	O	我们不应该公开承认我们的关系，但是很明显，他已经透露了一些。
va	O	感觉好像有一只脚踩在我胸口，并且我无法呼吸。
va	O	一切都面带微笑，并且伊森不得不跟着演戏，如果他不想发现门撞到他的背的话。
va	O	我们是如此完美的一对，而且他甚至从未察觉。
va	O	他昨晚学生中心关门时离开了，并且他的室友说他再也没有回房间。
va	I	She tied him up tight just in case he managed to wake up , but her bounty was still passed out cold .
va	O	我脚边有几个，但是随着我的目光扫向大厅深处，数量增加了。
va	I	I stared at it and with his new phone he pulled up a holographic map of the block where the house was located .
va	O	她会想念照顾海怪的日子，并且伊夫可能会把她的位置交给沙特尔。
va	I	It broke in half , and one with a purple flower rose above the others .
va	O	麦蒂说，并且这次，她的声音听起来不像她自己，一点也不像。
va	O	我离开了公园，并且尽管我很想走过广场，那又有什么意义呢？
va	I	Abbey was standing at the foot of the bed and he was on his bed in the hotel suite .
va	O	在我身边，艾米站在一旁，而且我无法看她。
va	O	她移开手，而且电梯门关上了。
va	I	Isabelle slid inside , and his door opened .
va	O	也许他对奴隶这件事还不熟悉，但是他已经讨厌它了。
va	O	伊桑在卖给我们150英亩土地，而且我会随着时间抵消这笔费用。
va	I	We started to work and we knew their names .
va	O	她害怕面对他，但是她想不出任何借口。
va	I	It all worked out for him , but he dropped out when I graduated .
va	O	这是一个诚实的一天，和前一天一样，但是它是一个充满了对那天早上发生的事情的持续疑问的一天。
va	I	He knew it was because of her weight , but she had no right to be cast out .
va	O	艾伦没有回答，而且亚历山德拉摇了摇头。
va	O	她等待着，期望着手腕上缠上同样的皮带，脚踝上也缠上，但是什么也没有发生。
va	O	担忧浮现在她的脸上，并且灰衣人确信他脸上也带着与他主人相似的表情。
va	O	我把脚踩了进去，并且他把我托过了窗户。
va	I	There is magic , but maybe you 've been living too long in the mundane world , Mom .
va	O	我把帕特西抱在腰际，但是她一直试图扯下我的比基尼上衣。
va	O	他后悔了那把弩，但是对此已无能为力。
va	O	空气面罩从隔间里掉了下来，并且餐盘将食物甩得到处都是。
va	I	His eyes wandered down to my blouse , and I nodded .
va	I	I study , and I go to school .
va	O	让一个灵异调查机构建立并正常运作需要一段时间。
va	O	我们那时正要去医院看她，但是当贾里德叔叔打电话来时，我们距离那里还有三个州那么远。
va	O	我可能不了解你过去的一切，但是我不需要知道全部。
va	O	他是系统内级别最高的法官，并且他留着长长的白胡子。
va	O	她的问题让他措手不及，并且他没有现成的答案。
va	I	Her nose hadn 't blossomed into a swollen mess , so she was pretty sure it wasn 't broken , but it hurt .
va	O	利维的下颌紧绷着，并且他的表情变得阴沉。
va	I	He took it seriously , but it was a rhetorical question .
va	I	They mind their own business but they gossip a lot .
va	I	She didn 't pick up , but I called her back first .
va	O	我听到饭厅里有动静，但是我的注意力被别的事情吸引了。
va	O	我可能理应得到那句评论，但是我确信在我回答他的指控时，我仍然对他显得非常失望。
va	I	His real love was being outside , doing things with his hands , but Dad always had various white-collar jobs .
va	I	Her hands were still locked around Jamie , and she stared up at the cracked ceiling above her .
va	I	I should run from him and he said he was only half a man .
va	I	Of course , we have no service and he gets his phone out of his pocket .
va	I	She wasn 't stupid , but Joni may be gullible .
va	I	The truth was that she loved him to distraction , just as he loved her , and only the truth mattered .
va	I	She shook her head and I offered a hand .
va	O	路德发誓他裸晒过太阳，但是她不会为任何人脱衣服。
va	I	He went out and his eyes finally rolled all the way back in his head .
va	O	当格蕾西离开俄克拉荷马时，贝琳达欢欣鼓舞，但是阿尔弗雷德勃然大怒。
va	O	她本能地用手臂遮住眼睛，但是那起不到任何保护作用。
va	O	他开了这么远的路，看起来疲惫不堪，并且我确信我看起来也好不到哪里去。
va	I	You never know , but they are very clever these days .
va	O	同样，枯黄的草地正在恢复生机，但是地平线上没有任何东西让我抱有附近还有其他定居点的希望。
va	O	这35或许能坐下六个人，但是体型健壮的男人会肩并着肩。
va	O	我们把车开进了树林，并且Cassie一边开车一边忙着查她的GPS。
va	I	We took it , and I found a road out of town that they had missed blocking .
va	O	这岩壁和看起来一样湿滑，并且我立刻就后悔了自己同意攀爬的决定。
va	O	这太可怕了，并且就在我准备问她觉得自己穿的是什么的时候，我意识到她在耍我。
va	O	我对Mia的评论笑了，但是我明白她的意思。
va	I	My entire being began to quiver with delight , and his orgasm flowed from his body into mine .
va	I	She just couldn 't do it , but she still had that nagging feeling that she should tell him the truth about herself .
va	O	他们错误百出，但是那是意料之中的。
va	I	Insects buzzed around them and Green grass brushed along their knees as they walked .
va	O	我正在争取一次有尊严的撤退，但是把人撞开却毁了这一切。
va	I	I felt flushed , and my volume had increased without my realizing it .
va	I	Our leader waved a hand , but the three guards at the end of the hall presented their muskets warily .
va	O	他只见过她一次，并且从那以后他们就没再说过话。
va	O	朱尔斯在她的牛仔裤外面穿着及胫长的棕色皮质软帮鞋，并且我穿着的靴子太重了，连摩托车手都不会穿。
va	O	他没看到任何像钻石的东西，但是他刚刚找到了一叠乐谱，他觉得当恐龙来的时候这看起来有点简单。
va	O	无论你对我俩抱有怎样的幻想，今晚都将结束。
va	I	He went down hard , crashing to the cement before he could stop himself and his legs shook .
va	O	赛第三次抬头看了我一眼，但是他很快又把目光移回了他那叠文件上。
va	O	我从未有过那样的感觉，并且说实话，我再也不想有了。
va	I	I noted that the watching Alchemist was gone , and we stepped out of the way in dismay .
va	I	A prison officer greeted him and the cell door was opened .
va	O	他的眼睛闭上了，并且他发出了一声深长的叹息。
va	I	She seemed to see that in me too and I could feel the need for sleep filling me .
va	O	他吞咽了，并且我看到他正在颤抖。
va	O	我吸了一口气，并且我的身体僵硬了。
va	I	That was the worst punishment of all , and she 'd be disappointed in him .
va	O	在酒店酒吧的一个舒适的半圆形雅座里，他们点了更多香槟，并且艾拉娜提议敬酒。
va	O	他握住了莱瓦娜的手，并且她允许他引导她。
va	O	当她站着的时候，有什么东西拉了拉她的袖子，并且维多利亚转过身。
va	I	I couldn 't finish my thought ... but he 's got a girl .
va	I	She saved my son and Keeley is my friend .
va	O	我脸红了，不知道该说什么，但是一种希望的感觉在我心中悄然升起。
va	I	His attention was caught by the pink creatures in the sky , but Josh was so confused .
va	O	我并没有那么沮丧，并且我一直享受着我的生活。
va	I	I can feel the pendant underneath and a small portion near the bottom is taped up .
va	O	她眨了眨眼，并且她的心跳动了几下。
va	I	When she sees me , she starts up , and Pen is standing at the door to the stairs .
va	I	I 'd do it my way but I 'd do it for her .
va	O	她的深棕色头发柔软地卷曲在她精致的五官周围，并且她的绿眼睛闪闪发光。
va	O	当然，在打包之前她已经把所有东西都洗了，但是衣服在箱子里放久了总会有一股霉味。
va	I	I smooth my hair while I head for the door , and my face is sticky with sweat .
va	O	帕特里克夫人看着警长，并且他转过身去。
va	O	她肯定会做错事，并且米娅会嘲笑她。
va	O	我很高兴它不见了，并且我知道我们为了把它弄下来付出了多少代价。
va	O	我父亲对我们推迟计划感到不满，但是他足够爱我的母亲，知道这是一个恰当的决定。
va	O	我瞥向门的方向时笑了，但是当我意识到那是杰西时，我的笑容很快就消失了。
va	O	凯西的呼吸卡在胸口，但是她没有离开他。
va	I	Her eyes landed square on Ben 's , and she twisted around to scan the crowd for Maya .
va	I	My teeth were chattering , and my fingers were frozen .
va	I	The lie tasted like ashes in my mouth , but I yearned to comfort her , to tell her everything would be all right .
va	I	Obviously she had , but she hadn 't meant to irritate Paul .
va	O	我对她微笑，但是 我真的不明白她是什么意思。
va	I	Rafe 's insides curled with jealousy , and the thought jumped out at him .
va	O	威尔在机场用那束激光束切穿了直升机的油箱，并且 那产生了巨大的火球。
va	O	他们这样使用他们的交通工具，冒了很大的风险，但是 这值得冒这个险。
va	I	Most had been shed for the winter , but some leaves still clung to the thin white aspens .
va	O	我皱着眉，把耳朵贴在门上，但是 声音仍然太模糊了，听不清楚。
va	O	我知道她和贝拉都很开心。
va	I	I looked up and something overhead caught my attention .
va	I	Me to exchange an uneasy glance and now it was time for Dex .
va	I	His aim had a deadly accuracy and he was working at close range .
va	O	她把我拉进一个拥抱，并且 我能听到她狂跳的心脏声。
va	O	这是已婚成年人的生活语言，并且 这对我来说完全陌生。
va	I	It wasn 't all bad , but there weren 't many kids .
va	O	我身体的每个细胞都充满了沉重的愧疚，并且 它像铅气球一样把我压垮。
va	O	我太激动了，并且它现在想玩了。
va	O	我试图把它从我手臂上刷掉，但是它却像一个污渍。
va	I	The two faced off and he stood slowly .
va	O	电梯门关上了，并且他们被密封在里面。
va	I	I didn 't want him to feel bad , but I knew Amy was just joking with him .
va	I	I didn 't care and I was shouting now .
va	O	莎拉的答录机接了她的电话，但是一分钟后她又打回来了。
va	I	An expression resembling dawning comprehension made his eyes flash , and then he blinked suddenly .
va	O	一些唇彩和我的香水喷雾让我整装完毕。
va	O	凯勒案的证据开示工作正在全面展开，并且他正为庭审的开始做准备。
va	I	The thickness of him slid straight inside , and Eleanor sighed , relaxing back against him .
va	O	他的表情难以捉摸，但是他的声音很坚定。
va	I	I was each one and I saw ten spheres .
va	I	He felt thirsty again and Hunger had bit deep into his strength .
va	I	Nate took his foot off the brake , and the car in front of him moved .
va	I	She wasn 't sure it would work , and she wasn 't sure what was in there .
va	O	银狐在我的梦中向我伸出手，然而我抵抗他。
va	O	地面足够坚实，但是有些地方感觉不同。
va	O	她的目光在阿拉里克身上掠过，但是她迅速移开了视线，唯恐自己的表情会出卖她。
va	I	The work on the farm did and I think they changed me as much as Rosie .
va	I	She pushed my hand away but I reached out to grab another .
va	O	你选择的是懦夫的逃避方式，并且我不信任懦夫。
va	I	I certainly wasn 't going to tell her , but another five days of scrubbing with heavy detergent would actually fix her .
va	I	We still had rights , but yes , we were kids .
va	I	I wasn 't afraid , but I noticed with a start that Ben had moved closer to me .
va	O	威廉至今仍坚称主人曾猥亵他，并且他只是在报复。
va	O	这辆车将完全报废，并且它让我的心碎了一小块。
va	O	风终于平息下来，并且鸟儿在树上欢快地歌唱。
va	I	Cutting and can be spiteful .
va	O	她回以微笑，但是她的眼神依然疏远。
va	O	她离开了，并且我跟着她。
va	I	The static hiss filled the dark space , and the girl turned her radio on low .
va	O	塞特凝视着他兄弟冰冷、黑暗的眼睛，并且他知道那一刻是最后一次了。
va	O	他环顾四周，但是那个巨人却看不见了。
va	O	乔西可能会试图否认，但是她却无法欺骗自己。
va	O	他的笔迹很糟糕，并且清单似乎没完没了。
va	O	它一口气舔遍了我的脸，并且我睁开了眼睛。
va	O	我意识到这不是我的事，并且我会把它交给警察处理。
va	O	我想过去爸爸的衣柜里找些能让莱诺克斯穿的衣服，但是我很快打消了这个念头。
va	O	巧合的是，那家医院在1953年发生了一场火灾，并且许多出生记录都被销毁了。
va	O	她轻轻地呻吟着，想要醒来，但是她无法逃离那个梦。
va	O	相信我，我确实在乎，并且我打算活下去。
va	O	我一直像亚当一样，并且我拒绝变成像他那样的影子。
va	I	Jack will be there and I 'll be there .
va	O	我们都拿着书，但是我们没有读。
va	O	米兰达的名字从前面传来，并且她一言不发地离开了。
va	O	我最喜欢的一位常客在排队，并且我希望他会喜欢这顿饭。
va	I	They claimed it for themselves , and this was their wild land .
va	I	In the end he went , but he complained about public transportation .
va	O	他抓紧了，并且我试图动。
va	I	She sliced her index finger and distracted , her knife slipped .
va	O	我对她露出了我最迷人的笑容，并且她摇了摇头，好像她已经后悔原谅我了。
va	I	Lucius saw the clay jug slip along its sweaty sheen , and her left arm twitched .
va	I	No sound comes out , but I try to scream .
va	I	She closed her eyes as pleasure began to warm throughout her body again , and his nuzzling was growing a bit more purposeful .
va	I	This has nothing to do with signing up for the races and maybe I 'm wrong .
va	I	He couldn 't stay indefinitely , but he loved Colorado .
va	O	米兰达是暗影瀑布的七名女巫之一，并且她也是凯莉的另一个室友。
va	I	At least he was when he 'd written this or Johan was still alive .
va	I	I need to know , but I know that 's a risky question to ask .
va	I	I thought it would be a good idea to change the subject , too , but hopefully that had helped him .
va	I	He spun , embarrassment blossoming on his face in scarlet patches , and when I planted my foot on his backside , the other guards hooted .
va	I	She knew Becky was just a phone call away , and there was nothing there for her besides her best friend .
va	O	她的父亲告诉他，她拒绝动用她的信托基金，但是查德不相信她能坚持下去。
va	I	She leant against the door and her eyes shot wide .
va	I	You were only ten and you weren 't even there .
va	I	He acted like I was the one who 'd done something wrong and I rolled my eyes at Ryder .
va	O	我们总是互相支持，并且我刚才对他说的话一团糟。
va	O	她想消化她所学到的，并且他想记仇。
va	O	接下来是急流，并且突然间，一切都变得更具挑战性。
va	I	She 's not her , but she 's pretty , gorgeous really .
va	O	所有其他人都笑了，并且他们很高兴它押韵。
va	O	地板又吱吱作响了，并且我现在知道它来自客厅。
va	I	Not one of them made him feel the way Melissa Jarrod did , but he had kissed a lot of women in his time .
va	I	He could hear her struggling not to break down , and Kate stood next to Ethan with a shotgun of her own .
va	O	我努力听起来富有同情心，但是我却很生气，因为我不得不看着她经历这一切。
va	I	If it was a mistake , it would be a life lesson , and there just didn 't feel like there was any reason to here .
va	O	军士不确定地说，并且他们俩都看向了劳伦斯。
va	O	伤口，他想，相当令人印象深刻，但是现在它们已经完成了任务。
va	O	她只是还没准备好知道真相，但是她现在可能不得不告诉她了。
va	O	新英格兰孕育了你，并且他向你的灵魂倾注了永不消逝的液体般的美妙。
va	O	她想抓住他，但是他已经把她带进了浴室。
va	I	A dingy hotel towel draped over the rod , and it was stark , other than a beige shower curtain that had probably started out white .
va	I	That didn 't matter , but nobody would publish it .
va	I	He growled and his grip tightened .
va	I	My hands are splayed across her back , and her arms are wrapped around my neck .
va	O	我试图把钥匙插进门把手时，钥匙叮当作响，但是一个耳朵贴着手机的陌生男人打开了门。
va	I	They too were tired , but on either flank , the dragons of the Corps were fighting fiercely to hold off the advance .
va	O	你今晚没喝酒，并且我晚餐后不急着说再见。
va	O	她的脚从厨房地板上松开了，并且她猛地从咖啡桌上抓起控制器，将拇指按在红色关闭按钮上。
va	I	Brandon handled himself like a pro , but I was shaky when we stood .
va	O	他不怎么和我一起做这件事，但是我在我们儿子身上注意到了。
va	O	那个声音是吉娜的，并且尽管吉娜背叛了她，但她从未真正构成威胁。
va	O	回到她家只花了大概几分钟，但是她却无法停止想布雷迪。
va	I	He saw a spark of excitement there , too , but she was out of her element , looking confused .
va	I	Wrestling with the chores of his regency had given him a maturity far beyond his years , and he was a muscular young man , though .
va	O	这让她早上起床去上学变得更难了，但是她却不在乎。
va	O	梦想对他们来说比现实世界更重要，并且诅咒也意义重大。
va	O	他以前从未和科拉多一起出任务，并且他现在也不期待与他一起出任务。
va	I	Miranda thought he was in danger of drowning and he didn 't stop until many minutes passed .
va	I	I 'd swear our eyes met , and near the edge of the oak trees stood a doe on thin , elegant legs .
va	O	液体涌入我的肺部，并且几秒钟内我就睡着了。
va	O	洛莉的办公桌也空着，并且她记得洛莉说过她今天放假。
va	O	地板冰冷刺骨，并且她赤脚碰到时疼得缩了一下。
va	I	Her eyes flew open and Celeste sat up quickly .
va	I	The cavern mouth gaped over my head like a monster ready to bite down , and I was right outside of it .
va	O	该看我的结果了，并且我很害怕。
va	O	它很干净，并且墙上也没有洞。
va	I	I follow her and she starts walking .
va	I	They must have because they once again told her they would wait for her , but she wasn 't sure if they heard her pathetic whimper .
va	O	我想我们都曾孤独过很长一段时间，并且沉默并非令人不安的事情。
va	I	I know where this is going and her lids close a little .
va	I	I could feel the burning sensation as the laser impacted my flesh and he fired the gauntlet at my neck .
va	I	She clutched onto her fan until it almost felt like she would break it , and Henrietta 's gut twisted .
va	O	我的胸口怦怦直跳，并且我不想听她在说什么。
va	O	他已经一个世纪没有帮助过任何人了，但是他却刚刚对她许下诺言。
va	O	他今天焦躁不安，并且这对每个人来说都很明显。
va	I	It looked damned near perfect to her : a magical place , but it probably wouldn 't pass a perfectionist 's eye .
va	O	工作人员提供的任何帮助都没有了，并且妮可拉深切地感受到了这份损失。
va	O	他们会很快完成，但是我们可以在那段时间和他们交谈。
va	O	诺亚把我拉到他身边，并且我们快步走过空荡荡的停车场。
va	I	There must be a center , the deepest part of an infected wound , but where they had first come from , I didn 't know .
va	I	I reluctantly sat down in the middle , right opposite Haze , and Josh took the seat in front of Laurent .
va	I	He could not believe his own eyes when the sun shot a streak of flames but the sky was clear .
va	I	Last night had damn near done him in , and a man could only take so much temptation .
va	O	有一段时间任何声音都会让我吓一跳，并且我害怕一个人去任何地方。
va	O	布伦娜也开始这样做，但是阿里克举起了手臂。
va	O	她屏住了呼吸，但是更多的坏消息接踵而至。
va	I	Her expression cleared , and he raised a brow .
va	O	这是她的婚礼周末，并且我却在担心我自己。
va	O	这个家伙33岁了，但是他的一切都感觉像千年前一样。
va	I	He was losing weight and the food was dreadful .
va	I	I put on a strong face for my visitors , but it was a battle that I was losing inside .
va	O	她闭上眼睛，试图阻止那些影像迅速地混杂在一起，但是无论她多么努力，它们都不会停止。
va	I	That 's all and we work together .
va	I	They 've taken the time to talk to me throughout the day and all her family is great .
va	O	人们会认为机器在移动时会发出噪音，但是 Vinnie 保持自身润滑良好。
va	O	我们在莱诺尔离开时向她挥手告别，并且接着每个人都跑去洗手间换衣服。
va	O	我试图与达姆对视以挥手告别，但是他正与彼得深入交流。
va	O	我开始犯错，并且连续第三次被震击后，画面消失了。
va	I	Now she felt cold , lifeless , and her wave of tears had passed .
va	O	他一言不发地开车，并且他们开进了主要街道。
va	I	The manager of the team kept trying to make Steve more of a team player , but all would have preferred him to get his own lab .
va	I	Murphy caught me before I could fly head first into the front seat , and the car stopped short .
va	I	I 'm not changing my mind but I wanted to tell you myself .
va	O	我的牙齿咯咯作响，并且我的头在抽痛。
va	I	I did not need to see her to know who she was , but she was half in shadow .
va	O	就在一分钟前他还对自己的初步评估如此肯定，并且现在，一切都悬而未决了。
va	O	她感到泪水灼烧，但是她勉强挤出一丝微笑，点了点头。
va	I	On the other hand he felt somewhat at a loss , but it wasn 't demanded here , which was a relief .
va	O	她的脸上写满了愤怒，并且他紧握住她的手，直到她与他对视。
va	O	现在，可能要等到早上，但是没必要等着去查明。
va	O	她在他的嘴边喘息着，并且他又说了一遍，将那个词语呼入她的体内。
va	O	我试图阻止自己移动，但是我发现很难让我的脚着地。
va	I	She waved him over and he raised his beer in the direction of the blonde .
va	I	Shai enjoyed hearing their laughter echoing in the corridors and the twenty-one children from Lael had settled in with their adoptive families .
va	O	更多的话语浮现在她的脑海里，并且她知道大声说出来会感觉多好。
va	I	In five minutes we were seated with a nice view of the park , and he rolled his eyes disdainfully , so I gave him another .
va	I	I was starting to get used to it , and it had been that way for more than a week now .
va	I	He wondered if more policemen would be waiting and the end of the alley was just ahead .
va	O	他转身看着我，但是那只手并没有立刻放下。
va	I	The sound once again stopped and she walked in that direction .
va	I	Kiran brought her against his chest , wrapping both arms around her back and she giggled through a sob .
va	O	泪水几乎要模糊了我的视线，但是我把它们擦掉了。
va	I	I trust you and you 're a wonderful man .
va	O	这让凯特想笑，但是她没有力气。
va	O	他们忽略了墙，并且 对我的忽略如同对墙一样，所以 我决定我不需要躲在角落里。
va	I	It 's tough going on the road by yourself and we could use another rider .
va	O	马修自己也颇为担心，但是 他不会通过让她噤声来让阿什利难堪。
va	O	罗杰开始离开，但是 梅纳德摇了摇头。
va	I	I was dead and Sulley had won .
va	I	He doesn 't want them to be exhausted when the fighting starts , and he doesn 't want to waste the lives of his troops .
va	I	It is not in actuality , but yes , it looks cumbersome .
va	I	You have to look hard to find the hidden pictures , and it 's an intricate design .
va	O	他轻敲着膝盖，并且 我偷偷地看了他几眼。
va	O	我拉下了安全杆，但是 它却一直弹回来。
va	O	外面疫情蔓延，詹姆斯，并且 “计划”正利用这一点来推动他们的议程。
va	I	The stars shone brightly and the skies were clear .
va	I	No doubt the rent would be a small fortune , and it was a new building , luxurious .
va	I	I set out on our ride and I was fuming by the time Sir Richard .
va	I	I take responsibility for myself , and I 'm a grown woman .
va	O	她的眼睛翻到了脑后，并且 我能看到她剧烈地抽搐。
va	I	He gave her directions and she shook her head .
va	O	这是一个愚蠢的循环，并且 我想让它停止。
va	O	一边肩膀被太阳晒暖了，并且另一边在阴凉处很凉爽。
va	I	I see a flicker of recognition pass across her face , and she squints at me closely .
va	O	他感到一股能量离开了他，并且他的头垂到了地上。
va	I	Annie gave a tremulous smile , and Nate let a soft exclamation escape at the picture her words drew .
va	I	He thought for sure he was saved and the cool air felt wonderful on his skin .
va	I	It didn 't mean she wasn 't scared , but sure , she 'd put up a good front with Holiday .
va	I	Not so I can understand anything , but you answer me .
va	I	The lashes were fluttering , but her blue eyes were shut .
va	O	她让他以为他正在影响她，但是实际上她只是在评估他的权力。
va	O	他们回应了他的命令，并且他们的飞机也同样做出了回应。
va	O	凯恩和内德一起上过学，但是他们从未成为朋友。
va	O	我看着她的船员们正在整装待发，并且他们都穿着灭虫服。
va	O	你喝醉了，而且你刚刚在我的车上撒尿了。
va	I	Battle gears were strapped onto the shoulders of 550 Amazon warriors and War chants rose .
va	I	Nick pulled away from the hospital and I sat in the new car .
va	O	一架摄像机对准了门口，但是它不会拍到他。
va	O	他活动范围有限，并且军团的动作太快无法看清。
va	O	瘟疫无疑是一个严重的错误，但是它与它在此现实中诞生的事物相比相形见绌。
va	O	音乐界曾经反对过赫尔曼，并且他需要盟友来向世界证明他们是错的。
va	O	你尊敬戴夫，并且他也尊敬你。
va	O	我本该喜欢摆弄那些小玩意儿的，但是如果说有什么影响，它反而让我有点难过。
va	I	I looked at the ones on either side and we stopped outside this door .
va	O	她张开嘴想警告他后退，但是发出的却只有一声咆哮。
va	O	他们将听从他的指挥，并且当他召唤他们时，他们会执行他的命令。
va	I	It was affectionate but there was mockery in her tone .
va	I	I fear I am sorely unfit for the job , but I would love to take command of your army !
va	O	他们的孩子可能会是一个精力充沛又难管的小家伙，并且，确实，他期待着这个挑战。
va	I	Eddie stayed too late one night , and Cleo , his wife , had an apartment in town .
va	I	She 'd lose , and it would be a fight against a madman .
va	O	他认识的人都没有钥匙，并且他们只有他亲自开门才能进去。
va	I	I had a vague memory of being that ridiculous at one time , and she was young enough to be hurt by that kind of opinion .
va	O	我喜欢他，并且直到Alexa加入员工队伍之前，他都喜欢我。
va	O	塞巴斯蒂安以前从未亲吻过任何女孩，并且樱是他第一个。
va	O	我要你吃饱，并且你会坐在我旁边吃饭，不穿内衣。
va	O	他当然要去买新的，但是他就是讨厌丢掉一台完好无损的任天堂的想法。
va	O	她的触碰很轻柔，但是当那个女人把它们握成拳头时，莎拉仍然痛得叫了起来。
va	I	Childbirth was dangerous in any case , but Eleanor was much more robust than Hart 's first wife had been .
va	I	His eyes sprang open and Kenny 's jaw tightened .
va	O	我的手指倏地伸向我的脸，并且我轻轻地触摸它们周围的皮肤。
va	O	尽管他许多同学都有自己的，Chewy却没有，但是他妈妈已经答应他下学期会给他买一个。
va	I	Each night this thought also served to keep me awake and I hadn 't thought of that when I took off .
va	I	He closed those beautiful eyes , face tensing , and my heart did a funny little cartwheel .
va	O	亚瑟太强硬了，不容易感到尴尬，但是他现在感到尴尬了。
va	O	我知道如果我不小心就会受伤，但是我能小心。
va	I	He gestured for me to sit with him at his table and this mollified him substantially .
va	I	With the temperature dropping , tonight would be no different , and last week they 'd frozen over fried chicken .
va	I	Nothing happened , and a few minutes passed .
va	I	Jace got on the guns and Mac plopped down in the pilot 's seat .
va	O	我知道我必须起床，但是我记不起为什么了。
va	I	That always gave her away and when she was bluffing , she would just giggle .
va	I	I had , unaccountably , an instinct that he was feeling love , and he looked at me with such focus that it was almost devotion .
va	I	Squirrels came right up to them curiously , and deer walked by , flitting their tails .
va	I	He seemed to hover above the pool rather than float upon it , and in that moment Kaleb became a bright shadow inside a brighter sphere .
va	I	Even she couldn 't comfort me now , but Demeter set her hand on my shoulder .
va	I	It gently pulls her body against its massive , warm chest , cradling her frame and she steps into the curve of its hand .
va	I	We got gummy bears instead , but I was expecting something useful .
va	O	安布尔的眼睛猛地睁开，并且她慢慢地转过头。
va	O	他的族类并非不朽，但是他们已经非常接近了。
va	I	George didn 't follow at once , but the rough , ridged bark of the oak 's spreading branches was ideal for climbing .
va	I	I had a feeling I wasn 't alone , but I didn 't see anything to confirm it .
va	O	他闪现出凯西确信曾融化过许多女性芳心的迷人笑容，并且她的祖母似乎也不例外。
va	O	凌晨五点，路上车辆稀少，并且他能够直接停在外面。
va	I	She was a dark angel watching from above , and their souls were chess pieces moving on a board .
va	I	A shudder went through the ground , and there was a searing flash of light .
va	O	他现在有权利杀死那个人，但是他下不了手。
va	I	Then there was pain , and the mouth closed over his arm , up to the elbow .
va	I	My feet move on their own following Mach through the massive gate , but the coil in my stomach warns me not to go with him .
va	O	问了布莱恩，并且我立刻知道会有麻烦。
va	O	毫无疑问他意识到如果他想逮捕利瓦伊就得推动此事，并且乔可能仍然会阻碍。
va	O	我们正掠过一场夏季雷暴，并且小型喷气式飞机正在颠簸。
va	O	他告诉过她可以离开，但是他绝不会允许她带走那些女孩。
va	I	He moved closer to her , and Andrew could tell she was lying .
va	O	瑞秋盲目地摸索着想抓住什么，但是她正在疯狂地旋转。
va	O	他看到了她眼中的悲伤，并且他知道她理解了那些尚未说出的话。
va	I	When it came to the important things in life , they couldn 't even agree to disagree , but they made love in such perfect unison .
va	O	我确信一切都会好起来的，但是我确信他们想私下处理这件事。
va	O	他试图说话，但是没有说出任何话。
va	I	They set off , Griff almost eager in whatever it was he intended and Jace nodded .
va	O	他踉跄地站起身，并且乔妮滑到地毯上。
va	I	Their ground is beyond the gate , and pass through the second stone arch .
va	I	He protected me and I leaned close to the Prince .
va	O	她向他伸出手，并且他握住了它，在她身边坐了下来。
va	O	他不断地告诉自己这些，以及类似的事情，直到他确信自己所做的是可以的。
va	I	That doesn 't matter because the green lies dead ahead but a large tree stands about twenty feet to your left .
va	O	锁发出吱嘎声，但是我几乎没有注意到。
va	I	She motioned with her eyes for me to look down and I looked at her .
va	I	Pandora rolled her eyes , and asked Marlon .
va	I	That was all I could see and I saw his face .
va	O	对你兄弟有用处，并且它有朝一日可能会被恢复。
va	O	他们玩得很粗暴，但是除了彼此，我从未见过他们和任何人打架。
va	O	肖恩心知肚明但没有表达，并且利亚姆也知道，他们搅动了深层水流的表面。
va	O	王子的眉毛扬起，并且他转向韦斯特福尔上尉。
va	I	He asked me to talk to her , and Andy told Paul about the first note .
va	O	小径很陡峭，并且她的运动鞋在她攀爬时踢松了泥土。
va	O	他的嘴角浮现出一丝浅笑，并且接着他变得严肃起来。
va	I	On the slow nights it sometimes got to me but moving here was a nice change of pace .
va	I	She knew it must be there , but she couldn 't feel his lust .
va	I	Then you 'd have to be able to spot it from above , and reaching the buildings below would be next to impossible unless you flew .
va	O	瑞夫曾关心过她，但是她有紫色的头发。
va	O	两人都迫不及待想再次冒险，但是两人都知道这已超出他们的掌控。
va	I	It was a big letdown , being Matthew , the King of Deceit - and it was the worst lie I ever told , seriously .
va	O	第三艘大桨船在离他们不远的地方搁浅了，并且墨涅拉俄斯几乎在它还没停稳之前就跳了下来。
va	O	我需要做点什么，而且那件事就是要找到他在树林里那该死的木屋。
va	I	I gave him a rub , and the dog barked in confirmation .
va	O	他松开了我的手腕，并且我坐了起来。
va	I	I begin to get lost in the feeling of him , the heat of his mouth on mine , and my hands slide up to his cheeks .
va	O	轮胎在湿滑的路面上打滑了，并且汉娜还没反应过来，汽车就已经滑下了路堤。
va	O	他不喜欢，但是这是痛苦的真相。
va	O	它降落在我身边，并且我朝它的入口望去，一半期望看到有人。
va	I	I snuggled down in my bed , trying to get comfortable and the sound was soothing .
va	I	A small door opened , dumping a small pile of cast-iron pans loudly to the side and he pulled hard .
va	O	约翰尼明白彼得对乐队的要求，并且彼得知道约翰尼对演奏原声的感受。
va	O	布雷兹问，并且拉尔克点头。
va	I	The four of us got out of the car to decide on snacks , and we found a spot in the back of the drive-in .
va	O	我不确定是什么导致了它们，但是这个想法仍然困扰着我。
va	O	我多希望再看一眼他鲜红的羽毛，但是棺材已经合上了。
va	O	詹娜有机会看看她的家人是否还活着，并且我们打算抓住这个机会。
va	I	Everyone searched for something to add , and continued the Big Boss .
va	I	Evie melted against him , and slowly his caresses grew more purposeful .
va	O	埃德里克的眼睛睁大了，并且他的下巴掉了下来。
va	I	The grain washed over the deck with a dry hiss and he tipped it over .
va	O	我希望它对我来说意味着什么，但是它没有。
va	O	她知道卢瑟会为他们做任何事，但是她从未见过他那一面。
va	I	I walk to the bars , and cracking sounds echo through the pit .
va	I	After what had happened tonight , she knew she couldn 't , but she wanted to tell her parents the whole truth about Benji .
va	O	他不喜欢他们中的任何一个，但是这次最近的约会是最后一根稻草。
va	I	We ended up going everywhere together and these two became my closest friends .
va	I	I 'll skulk away home , and the gate will boom shut .
va	I	The water slid over his powerful , bare chest , and he rose from the water , easily , fluidly .
va	I	His attention was enough to break her otherwise good mood , but she wouldn 't talk to Realm .
va	I	Getting back won 't be as easy as we had thought , but we managed to get out of the city .
va	I	I was the cool , smart guy with the pretty girlfriend and maybe in another universe Blaine was the dork .
va	I	He never once breaks our stare and I begin to shudder beneath him .
va	I	A bloody last stand would still look good on the family record , but not the morale booster he 'd been hoping for .
va	I	He grew serious and the smile faded .
va	I	Most thought had vanished and my eyelids felt heavy .
va	O	我试图吸引埃尔德的目光，但是他眯着的眼睛盯着地面。
va	I	Others had succumbed to pressure from the UK government , and some had already been closed down by the servers .
va	O	你许下了诺言，并且你遵守了它。
va	I	At least the Jordanian knew how to choose a good weapon , but the man 's stench disgusted him .
va	I	First I need you to promise me you won 't scream , but I 'm going to take off the tape over your mouth .
va	O	你与来自其他星系的恶心怪物搏斗，或者你没有。
va	I	Her body froze beneath his and her wide eyes widened further .
va	I	I touched your cheek , and I removed my glove , one that was similar to the glove I am wearing now .
va	O	我抽泣了一声，并且我闭上眼睛，努力不去想自己身在何处。
va	I	She gives me space , and I give her space .
va	O	他们把她带进来时她不省人事，但是我在那里的联络人说她的生命体征稳定。
va	O	亚历克斯起初以为会有人跑过来，可是周围没有人听到这喧闹。
va	I	I was lightheaded , and my heart pounded .
va	I	He brushed the concern aside , but that other men would benefit bothered him marginally .
va	O	水以低沉的轰鸣声冲下，并且微小的水分子拂过他们的脸。
va	O	这两名男子自从贾斯汀、霍桑勋爵和朱丽叶抵达伦敦以来一直是对手。
va	O	我假设这就是你，可是我不会向任何人证实任何事情。
va	I	Things fell into place very quickly and it was an exciting prospect .
va	O	我几乎辨认不出这些词，可是语气却道出了我需要听到的一切。
va	I	My eyes opened wide and I rolled on the ground .
va	O	我不知道我期待他有什么，可是我却在幻想也许那是他的辞职信。
va	I	Mutually shared space as classmates , but I knew they were not friends .
va	O	他耸了耸肩，好像他不在乎，可是她却怀疑他在乎。
va	I	Something about his presence was soothing , but his body was hard , like his unnerving eyes .
va	O	她是吸血鬼，可是她仍然会死。
va	I	When she tried to return it , he took her prisoner , and she told how he had left his wallet on the seat .
va	I	I took everything he said personal and when I was younger I didn 't realize that it was just the booze talking .
va	O	他后退了一步，并且她看到他眼中闪过一丝痛苦。
va	O	我的脚踝一软，并且我再次倒下了。
va	O	亚历克的目光迅速移向我，并且我看到他最后的一丝坚持也松懈了。
va	O	尼克笑了，但是那不是一个温暖友好的笑容。
va	O	那个声音充满了悲伤，并且它似乎对科尔曼产生了深刻的影响，他的脸因日益增长的担忧而变得更白了。
va	I	It 's not going to be good the first time , but I know you 're freaking out about the sex thing .
va	O	笔记本不会自己走掉，而且我们是屋里仅有的两个人。
va	I	Now he couldn 't focus on anything else , but he 'd tried not to think about that .
va	I	When she was finished , Peter realized he couldn 't wait any longer for his father to get home , and she did .
va	O	玛丽斯动了一下，似乎想走向杰斯，但是审判官拦住了她。
va	I	Gulls cried overhead , and the blackness of the water took over .
va	I	I stared out the window as trees rushed by , listening to rain patter on the windshield , and Walter sighed .
va	O	我困惑的头脑隐约觉得这很重要，但是我无法让自己在意。
va	O	Hammer大得多，但是乔治有着无与伦比的韧性。
va	O	杰西卡希望乔纳森已经在这里了，但是他却远在数英里之外，在镇子的另一边。
va	I	The shaking of her body was only getting worse , but Sofia slowly nodded , acknowledging my gesture of reassurance .
va	I	Sitting in a pool of its own pinkish blood and the steak was still on the counter , cold .
va	O	加里的沉默就是最好的评论，但是洛林却赶紧继续讲述细节，希望在她去墨西哥之前解决这件事。
va	O	她本以为不能，但是他脸上的玩味让她觉得他能。
va	O	我不确定你的身体能承受多少能量，因此我不想尝试。
va	O	我看不清检查发动机的那个人，但是我能看清他的牛仔裤。
va	O	莉亚被身后传来的声音分散了注意力，并且她试图听得更清楚。
va	O	当时我们离得不远，但是休息一下是个好主意。
va	O	她对他有那么多问题，并且现在永远不会有任何答案了。
va	I	I managed to keep typing , but my hands began to shake .
va	O	天色已暗，并且村庄几乎空无一人，除了那些深夜剧院的人群，他们随时都可能出来。
va	I	Ali pulled away , and reality came tumbling back .
va	O	他曾试图喜欢那个女孩，但是他对她的负面反应是发自内心的。
va	I	I had to admit that it was probably true but I scowled at his assessment .
va	O	这必须是面对面的，并且她并不期待这次会面。
va	O	我知道塞尔不会让你怀孕，但是他已经相信了这一点。
va	I	A reek lay on the land about them , and the air above was heavy with fog .
va	I	He yo-yo 's back to you and you just tug on his string .
va	I	I hated it and it made perfect sense .
va	O	我又挥了一拳，并且他的手猛地伸出，抓住了我的手臂。
va	O	是的，我一直在谈论苏珊，但是言下之意是她和我一样。
va	I	She merely looked away from them , but I half waited for her to wilt beneath their obvious anger .
va	I	There were plenty of places she could stay outside of Marco 's apartment , and no , she didn 't .
va	I	He felt a strange sense of gratitude , and his father had prepared him for this .
va	O	她在看床上用品，并且她完全把购物清单掉到其中一个枕头下面了。
va	I	His tongue followed and his razor-sharp teeth grazed against her flesh .
va	O	夜风用冰冷的手指拂过他们，但是艾欧娜因为埃里克在她体内而温暖舒适。
va	O	我完全不知道卡勒姆和我竟然如此被爱。
va	I	He was moaning pitifully , and his eyes had been cut out .
va	I	He held it back but a curse built on his lips at his lack of control .
va	I	They roll right over you and you wear the Gray .
va	I	He pushed gently inside of me , causing us both to break into shuddering moans and his body draped over me .
va	I	She stared straight ahead , but I looked at Lizzie .
va	I	We formed a circle around him and Steve stopped us in front of the nurses ' station .
va	O	她是我们的中间人，并且我很少需要和他打交道。
va	O	科林看起来还想说些什么，但是她转回身看向另一个女人。
va	I	I wasn 't unreasonable , but I imagined that they were all holding their breath , waiting for me to throw some kind of tantrum .
va	O	那些章节写起来非常困难，因为它们完全涉及人类的非理性，并且那是一个安德鲁几乎无法理解的主题。
va	O	他穿那身制服真有魅力，并且他胸前佩戴着一枚徽章。
va	O	它也沾上了污渍，并且杰里米发现自己开始感到恶心。
va	I	Before he could open his mouth to respond to my threat , another voice jumped into the mix , but Kincaid smirked .
va	O	我有很多话想告诉他，关于我的感受，关于他的感受，并且我试图把这些融入那个吻中。
va	I	One of those tears he 'd been holding back fell onto his cheek , and ' I can 't talk about it , ' he said .
va	I	She lost herself in a torrent of hysterical laughter , and her mind replayed the elongated butchering of her name .
va	I	Her jeans hung low on her skinny hips and Cindy 's cheeks were sunk in .
va	O	她比我应得的要好，但是她耗尽了我。
va	I	He looked dirty and he hadn 't shaven since the last time I had seen him .
va	O	埃内斯托最先到达她身边，并且猛地撞向她，把她从原地推开，好让她和他一起摔倒。
va	O	我是开玩笑问的，但是我却有点当真了。
va	O	他想到艾丽以及她多么轻易地结束了自己的生命，心想她这样做是帮了阿兰一个忙。
va	I	What would we say to the cook , but chance could pick the lock ?
va	I	I realized I 'd chewed into the healing wound on my lower lip and my mouth stung .
va	I	The door slid open and I swiped it across the lock .
va	I	I was tempted to , to earn his respect - and I had the feeling he wanted me to cast it aside .
va	I	He found her neighborhood , her street , but he couldn 't make out individual houses .
va	I	My nerves are jumbled , but I point out , trying to be calm .
va	I	Then went over to help another customer , and she mentally gave herself one more pat on the back for adding games this last year .
va	O	她的目光在我身上从头到脚地扫过，并且如果眼神能杀人，她的眼神足以让人致残。
va	O	她似乎觉得这里一切都正常，但是她却不肯听我说一句话。
va	I	I could tell that Hailey really wanted me to go , and I didn 't have anywhere else to be .
va	O	她把头稍微侧向一边，好让他方便些，并且她吻了回去。
va	I	Old wines made sweet by crisp , foreign bread and I felt deep shame when they brought me to the ancient church halls of distorted glass mosaics .
va	I	She vanished in his arms , and he reached out to grasp her hand .
va	I	All the concern Colin used to enjoy was focused on the pilot , and she turned to Knox .
va	O	她的裙子破烂不堪，并且她的鞋子是木头做的。
va	I	She couldn 't allow it to explode here , and her temper had always been a major drawback .
va	O	这是一个屏幕，并且终于，有人出现了。
va	I	I began undulating my h * ps into him and one of his hands moved down to my belly .
va	I	Then nothing about this place could be considered proper , but it was most improper .
va	I	It seemed like hundreds of people were out to make the most of their last night on the island and most of the shops were still open .
va	O	他大十四岁，但是他的目光又像孩子一样。
va	I	I try not to let myself think about it , but half of me is scared Jayden will find out .
va	I	I 've rejected them all , but Eddie keeps bringing up possible fillers for the obvious hole in my boyfriend department .
va	I	Deep inside she didn 't think he was dangerous , but Philip might be hiding something .
va	I	I took another bite , and Rob crossed his arms .
va	I	The enemy shot volley after volley into our group , and Smoke from the musket fire was filling the room .
va	O	他将我的头发从肩膀上拨开，并且我拍开了他。
va	O	我可能不喜欢它，但是我也不该遭受这一切。
va	O	眼罩仍在原位，并且我仍然被束缚着。
va	O	她的紧张感消失了，并且她可以以开放的心态看待发生的一切。
va	I	They weren 't answers she could understand , but he had an answer for everything .
va	I	Peter still wore a long jacket , but it was warm in the late October day .
va	I	My back hurt worse , and I curled tighter .
va	O	我想扑进爸爸的怀里，但是我打不开那扇该死的车门。
va	O	餐饮车被锁得紧紧的，并且很多客人都回家了。
va	O	那些其他的神都在那里，并且他们做了预期的事情。
va	O	等他们离开后，并且我们会再次呼救。
va	I	I could see recognition in his eyes , and he looked from one of my eyes , to the other .
va	O	他补充了GP用于其仪式的木材堆，并且那里的火焰现在散发出美妙的温暖。
va	I	Then this mysterious Lady was standing before him , and for a split second Thatch had been only thinking of The Baron .
va	I	We got out , and Kyle parked in a large field .
va	O	杰克逊笑了，并且我看到他困扰的眼中没有了不确定性。
va	I	She had a sinking suspicion that he did not believe her explanation and his eyebrows furrowed together .
va	O	行动已完成，并且演出已结束。
va	O	悉尼碰了我的手臂，那种熟悉的刺痛感沿着我的皮肤蔓延开来，并且我转向她。
va	O	他的手指拂过我的脸颊，并且他轻咬了我的鼻子。
va	O	他咆哮着，并且他猛击我时我呛住了。
va	O	你的爸爸是魔鬼，并且你的妈妈是巫婆！
va	O	电梯门开了，并且我们都走了进去。
va	I	The dark coolness was welcoming and we stepped into the lounge .
va	O	一片寂静，并且苏西接着说话了。
va	I	She wasn 't so sure she shared his hope , but no disrespect intended .
va	O	伤口不太可能留下永久性疤痕，但是他没有足够用品来妥善处理它。
va	O	那个女人摔倒在地，并且他把她踢到了一边。
va	O	他的膝盖一软，并且他向前倒去，剧痛以超音速撕裂他的身体。
va	O	它不疼，但是她无法思考。
va	O	我们今晚将与你一起露宿，并且明天你将和我们一起走。
va	I	It crossed my mind , as I was being Gran 's courteous product , but no , I didn 't really say that .
va	I	The lead vehicle was now entering into the parking lot and the matte black S.W.A.T. vehicles were making the last turn .
va	O	这烂摊子可能以各种方式发展，并且处理它远远超出了我的职权范围。
va	I	She knows he hears them nonetheless , but she doesn 't say the words .
va	I	I didn 't like what I saw but I saw her .
va	O	他们和我们之间的距离越远越好。
va	I	She knew it , and things could have been much worse .
va	I	I hadn 't been paying attention , but Zayne had been speaking .
va	O	杰森忽略了她，但是他的目光移向了她的嘴唇。
va	O	时间什么都治愈不了，但是时间让事情变得不同。
va	I	He wasn 't even trying to borrow money , and even his old so-called friends seemed to be avoiding him .
va	O	沉默咒语终于解除，并且我们轮流介绍了自己。
va	O	它是空的，并且路灯接着亮了。
va	O	干净利落地击中太阳穴对开车的那个太便宜了——那个是把朱妮和我囚禁起来的寄生虫之一。
va	O	我想恳求他们不要践踏我可怜的、刚犁过的小花园，但是我认为那样会显得冷酷无情。
va	O	她的魔法在我身边绽放，在房间里飞舞起来，并且她的脸上亮起了我所见过最甜美、最充满爱的表情。
va	O	能在生活中做我想做的人并不是唯一的问题，但是我不能和麦克谈论这件事。
va	O	他把她拉到自己身上，并且他们融为一体。
va	O	我自己从没登过船，但是它看起来是个相当标准的布局。
va	O	我叹了口气，几乎在想我为什么要费这个劲，但是我不是白白冒着严寒一路来到这里。
va	O	她抬头看着他，尽管她没有想过那个包裹并且她的表情没有变化。
va	O	她拿出一把看起来不像是能配上门锁的钥匙，但是它还是打开了。
va	O	克莱的眼睛亮了起来，并且一股期待的火花贯穿了他的全身。
va	I	Hers melted against it , as she submitted , every part of her softening against me , into me , and my tongue invaded her mouth .
va	O	我皱着眉看着她，并且她耸了耸肩，伸手去看手机。
va	O	当我们进入走廊时，阿萨转身，并且我惊愕地退了一步。
va	O	杰德没有假证，所以我们不打算喝酒，但是找停车位听起来也不吸引人。
va	I	We can fortify , and these trees will work to our advantage .
va	I	Donnie had seen better , but the show was Hawaiian in every sense of the word .
va	I	They were probably exaggerating , and I didn 't die .
va	O	我清了清嗓子，并且他们像小鸡一样四散开来。
va	I	She did so rapidly and surprisingly , so did the child .
va	O	迦勒停顿了一下，并且其他人屏住了呼吸。
va	I	I didn 't , but I needed this .
va	O	他的下巴无声地动了几秒钟，但是最终他轻轻地叹了口气。
va	I	It was completely out of character for her , and she acted like a pouty teenager .
va	O	她大声笑起来，并且也让我笑了。
va	I	She didn 't like the look of that black hole up there , but she understood why Dee wanted to get out of the lower tunnel .
va	I	Snow had quit falling , but the sky was a pale , pearly gray .
va	I	I mean really crazy , and that horse went crazy .
va	O	加勒特在漫长的停顿中听到愤怒的耳语，并且最终国王重新接听了电话。
va	O	他看着她的脸颊泛红，但是她没有移开视线。
va	I	My backside was spewing steam rapidly and my body was beginning to overheat .
va	I	He telephoned Lara once a week , but Charles Cohn had left Glace Bay .
va	I	He seemed unharmed , and Dee studied every inch of Jacob .
va	I	Maybe it will be good , but it will be hard to separate myself from everything I know .
va	I	It would be my favorite , yet it would be a chapter in my life that was hard to look back on .
va	O	车辆传感器过去没有今天这么灵敏，而且车头撞向了他。
va	I	The pupil was bright red and the right one was open .
va	I	He said what he felt anyway , but he was instantly filled with shame .
va	O	他咆哮着，发出一声低沉的警告声，悄悄退向西部边缘，并且我重新思考了我的不耐烦。
va	O	我们不能入伍当兵，而且我们不能获得显赫的军衔。
va	O	他们知道自己是对的，而且现在这是一个事实。
va	I	His descendant Miriam , the diplomat , died in no less spectacular a fashion than her forefather , and his family has been famous for generations .
va	I	I want to hurl my shoe at him and he licks his lips .
va	O	它是旧设备，而且它不太可能听从她的求救。
va	O	鉴于他对你的态度，我推测他打算向你求婚，但是一旦委员会做出裁决，那将是最终决定。
va	O	她穿着一样，但是这次她没有瓶子。
va	I	It was killing him , and every day , he had a better idea .
va	I	Her stomach was knotting in nervous anticipation and Gray would be home in just hours .
va	I	He took Lord Brogan 's outstretched hand eagerly and Relief entered Rand 's eyes .
va	O	自从我们相遇以来，赛一直刻意保持疏远，并且现在他正送我去上课。
va	I	They need us and they need you .
va	O	他想和她说话，但是如果任何人发现他会说话，他害怕他们会对他做什么。
va	O	他们已经远远超越了操纵代码的法律界限，而且他们即将陷得更深。
va	I	The water 's not that high , and I was just down there .
va	O	她没有移开，而且我不再呼吸了。
va	I	He knew Amara would never forgive him , and he 'd turned upon his own student .
va	I	I didn 't know how to say anything else , but this wasn 't how I 'd imagined our reunion with Maddy going .
va	O	我也告诉他我很乐意亲自提供证据，但是他怀疑事情不会发展到那一步。
va	I	I went back to mine , and you went back to your old comforts .
va	I	Now it was pure anger that took over his thoughts , but he 'd been feeling sorry for himself for a split second .
va	O	我知道她爱我，但是她从不公开表现出来。
va	I	I can feel tears welling at the corner of my eyes , and he stares at me for a long moment .
va	O	我考虑过撒谎，但是那没有帮助。
va	I	It didn 't matter in that moment , but I didn 't know what his return meant , what it signified for us .
va	I	She was also human , but she might 've been peculiar .
va	I	Diana squeezed his hand , and said Henry at last .
va	I	She could hear crowd noises coming from it , and there was a narrow alley next to her .
va	O	她会像睡美人一样，但是你会知道她并没有睡着。
va	O	它就在街区下方，并且他需要时间思考。
va	O	他放声大笑，并且男人们也加入了，除了罗伯托。
va	I	I 'm curious now and I was curious before .
va	I	Angelina would stay this time and they would go home .
va	I	I pretended they weren 't talking about me , and Heat flooded my cheeks .
va	O	管理层叫了救护车，但是为时已晚。
va	I	Ethan was the last person to blame for the place to which she had fallen , but her mother had been manipulated into believing her a whore .
va	I	Nothing had changed in me but now I was going to be a father .
va	O	我想再次有个家，并且我希望有一天能有个家庭。
va	I	His scraggly beard was cut by a broad smile , and the old man 's eyes lit .
va	I	It was going to take a little time , but luckily he knew someone in New York who thought he could hack in .
va	I	His tone was almost harsh , and his head came up quickly .
va	O	我不确定他们中有多少人知道我是个半机械人，但是我没觉得有人真的会在乎。
va	I	I tried not to groan , and the tension ramped up from zero to sixty in a matter of seconds .
va	I	Her lips parted and her eyes widened .
va	O	当然，她是个孤儿，但是至少她应该有洁身自好的体面。
va	I	None of them were innocent , not even he ; but Toby felt guilty talking of his friend that way .
va	O	她的手臂小幅度地抽搐着，并且我能看出来她在哭。
va	I	She had shown early suspicions of McKie 's secondary motives , and it had not been her first marriage .
va	I	She managed to hear something serious , but Lea didn 't want to intrude .
va	O	尼克的肩膀因她可能的怒火而绷紧，但是玛克西很安静。
va	O	我辜负了你的信任，并且那是我最后悔的事情。
va	I	She certainly entertained them somewhere in the Grotto , but she might not entertain gentlemen in her rooms .
va	O	里昂当然知道这一切，并且随着日子一天天过去，他内心的负罪感也越来越强烈。
va	O	不，他们没有再听到关于杰森的任何消息，并且没有人打电话说他们见过他。
va	I	His face was glowing with the brightest smile in the world and I looked over at Rian .
va	I	She held her hands out to take it in , and once the flames rose to waist level , she started to feel their warmth .
va	O	六个人待着让空间非常拥挤，但是我们设法应付过去了。
va	I	The boy controlled his conveyance with a corded joystick and a duffle bag was looped across the bots midsection .
va	I	Unlike the stone of the first wall , this wall 's material resisted their assault tenaciously , but their scythes slashed down onto the smoothed granite .
va	O	我们已经去购物一次了，但是显然那还不够。
va	O	他带着毫不掩饰的敌意盯着她，并且她的困惑加剧了。
va	O	这只猎犬的某些地方吸引了她，但是她满足于只是争取到了一些额外的时间来为它找到一个充满爱的家。
va	I	I daresay your family does , too , and we 've got extra rooms on the ranch .
va	I	Either way , we 'd finally force ourselves to lie down again , but sometimes they would , sometimes they wouldn 't .
va	I	The ash his torn flesh turned to , and we have his blood .
va	I	They didn 't quite get the big picture , but she liked fishermen .
va	I	I take a swig of the ice cold beer which goes down way too nicely and our drinks arrive .
va	I	She felt herself shivering and the barn was cool .
va	I	She relaxed as she looked at me and I ran a hand down her hair .
va	O	这让他喘不过气来，但是这还不够。
va	O	比利想帮忙，但是 我把他挥退了。
va	O	安德森开始说话，并且 内森只是不停地说。
va	O	她试图保护我，但是 他会惩罚她，如果她不按他说的做，惩罚会非常可怕。
va	I	Whenever Cronus did appear somewhere near Calliope , she was quick to find an excuse to leave , and they were rarely in the same room together .
va	I	I texted Daemon anyway , but it was near midnight .
va	O	她伸手向后支撑自己，并且 她的手抓住了一个把手。
va	I	It took her mind off of her own situation , and there was something more exciting in the hospital than her .
va	O	我的手心出汗了，并且 记号笔从我手中滑落。
va	O	空气如此寒冷，并且 可怜的玛丽塔陷入了震惊。
va	O	也许往下发射火球是不可能的，但是 我很确定我可以提供一个很好的干扰。
va	I	She stopped by my nook nearly every day , but Jules hadn 't joined me for lunch again .
va	O	他是她的精神支柱，而且 她需要他。
va	O	简坚定地点了点头，意识到这是一项必要的任务，并且她并非仅仅因为是女孩而被落下。
va	I	Yet another moan slipped through my lips and he pressed me further into the bed .
va	O	我曾认为他与众不同，一个我能敬仰的人，但是困惑已经消除了。
va	I	His member was hard against his jeans and Blood had rushed to his groin .
va	O	死亡从未被讨论，但是也从未被忽视。
va	I	The engine fired to life and he turned the key over .
va	I	He turned back to scan the parking lot as Mike ran out on to the pavement and the forty five in his hand came back up .
va	O	我们四目相对，并且我毫不怀疑她也被我吸引了。
va	I	She pulled him tighter against her skirts , and the little boy made a small whimper .
va	O	她知道这一点，并且她对它既恨之入骨，又在得知此事时感到一种奇怪的安全感。
va	O	他对她期望一件事，但是我却给了他另一件事。
va	O	我认识她的父亲很长时间了，并且我把他当作朋友。
va	I	She could see lines of tension in his face , and there was a hard edge to the set of his jaw .
va	O	是的，我确实有点儿，但是我弗打算向他承认。
va	O	黎明给外面的森林带来了一片璀璨的光芒，并且这种效果也充满了小屋的内部。
va	I	I eat a bit , but I 'm not really hungry .
va	I	They 'd always been raw , but she 'd had a ton of daydreams about him .
va	O	他用手背擦拭额头，并且他长长的刘海贴在他脸侧。
va	I	I realized it was mine , and a scream filled the car .
va	O	他示意要摸我，但是我躲开了他。
va	O	尼克的眼皮颤动着，并且他含糊不清地嘟囔着什么脏话。
va	O	这不是一个正式的敲门声，但是至少他做出了尝试。
va	I	Carrie didn 't look this way , but Riley 's eyes latched with mine .
va	O	那堵墙后面有一座城堡，并且我们正要踏入其中。
va	I	She grinned , and Judith puckered her lips .
va	I	There was no way out and the trap was sprung .
va	I	The very few people we saw , didn 't come out that far to bother us and she 'd parked on the edge of the lot .
va	I	They each held their own powerful secrets , and there were two worlds , two different realities .
va	O	我以前会咬指甲，但是当我妈妈看到我对指甲做了什么时，她会气得血管爆裂。
va	O	她一直不敢让自己去想这件事，但是她现在意识到她真的希望杰克留下。
va	I	I 'm glad to see the barrister nonetheless , but I don 't need someone at my bedside .
va	O	我感受到他的手臂环绕着我，他宽大结实的身躯，并且我密切关注着他誓言深植的奇迹。
va	I	Still they savored each other , delighting in the passion they could finally share , but they were both drenched with sweat .
va	I	Now you can 't even get across the damned river , and you couldn 't defeat us in open battle !
va	I	I felt his absence everywhere , and he moved away .
va	I	I didn 't care , but it was deep , my sleepy voice really hoarse .
va	I	She headed out of the kitchen before Brick could protest , and ' I 'm going to have a bath , ' Henrietta decided .
va	I	He knew what someone who 'd totally checked out looked like , but he hadn 't had the pleasure of meeting Arden Jones .
va	I	Lia wouldn 't take the time , but in my own body , I had a tendency to sit up first .
va	O	他如此渴望成为她的父亲，并且他在那两年里也是如此一位好父亲。
va	I	He opens for me , and I lick across the seam of his lips .
va	I	I could see that she was worried he might do something to me and she looked scared .
va	O	我抬起头，并且亚彻与我对视。
va	I	Vitale would hunt down those that had been lost , and Signore Antonio had copies of many of these books .
va	O	她喉咙里发出了一声哽咽，并且她用手捂住嘴。
va	O	酱汁上点缀着点点绿色，并且我闻到了从升腾旋转的蒸汽中散发出的罗勒香气。
va	O	五个人挤在里面有点拥挤，但是一想到暴露在巨型蚊子下入睡，就觉得完全可以忍受了。
va	I	He would do his duty , but he had little enough stomach for either task .
va	O	她成功地让我失去了笑容，但是我努力轻松地说话。
va	O	我发誓我努力保持坚强，但是我内心的一切都在呼唤着她。
va	O	安德鲁插话，并且我能看出他对我的推理印象深刻。
va	I	I can 't , but I want to say yes .
va	I	All pitched in , getting plates , cups , etc. for our miniature party and we entered the small kitchen together .
va	O	传来一阵嘈杂声，并且你能看出记者们急于提问。
va	I	She 's not going to keep buying that you took too much Benadryl because of your allergies and Mommy will be home soon .
va	I	I love them , too , but I love you , Al .
va	I	I was unrelenting , but my ears stung at her words .
va	O	蒂根的血液冷却下来，积聚在她的膝盖处，并且她滑入附近的一张椅子。
va	O	丹两次许下诺言，并且他被双重束缚着。
va	I	There seemed nothing else within range , but the Pedestrian was too experienced to build any very sanguine hopes on this .
va	I	The Dasher closed rapidly and Thomas was staggering now .
va	I	I made my way upstairs and she made me feel better .
va	I	I wished that I had my warm cloak , and it was snowing lightly .
va	I	Others were completely foreign to him but he recognized some of the foods .
va	I	I also believed him then , with stars in my eyes , and Trust me , he has done that to me as well .
va	I	He didn 't seem to want to go either and she didn 't want him to leave the knitting factory .
va	I	She hadn 't been focused on me at all , and she 'd been trying to drag Michael off then .
va	I	The light from the fire was floating to the sky and they made their way down the pathway to the beach .
va	I	It rarely turned out well for Ash 's side , but the High Tribunal was supposedly neutral , like Nicolae .
va	O	我曾一度随身带着它，但是经过这几个月，我变得粗心大意了。
va	O	我下了卡车，并且德文抓住了我的手。
va	I	Suddenly he seemed to come back to life and she tried a smile .
va	O	雷丁博士犹豫了一会儿，并且然后他轻轻地触碰了她的手。
va	O	我现在可以稍微轻松地呼吸了，并且它让我足够平静以重新集中注意力。
va	O	她的手动了动，并且她身体的每一寸都活了过来。
va	I	Helio went to answer , and the door chimes sounded .
va	O	她以为自己知道，但是他已经赢得了这一轮。
va	O	一个手肘撞到了我的侧面，并且我踉跄地撞上了一个拿着一大杯红酒的女人。
va	I	I certainly didn 't feel like running on a full stomach , and I was comfortable , though .
va	I	They believed him nonetheless , but the legal reasons behind his quest for a unanimous verdict were not clear .
va	I	Snapping on gloves and I heard Jenkins cursed .
va	O	鹅卵石小径上的路灯投射出金色的光芒，但是阴影笼罩了其余区域。
va	I	He saw a shadow in the hall , and Cold air settled over his bed .
va	I	Twice they were able to lure a student to their warehouse , but at first they 'd used prostitutes .
va	O	它是一只美丽的动物，并且要不是塞莱娜更了解，她会以为它是纯种的。
va	O	事实证明这很耗体力，并且到最后我们都出汗了。
va	I	We follow fast behind her and she runs back out .
va	I	It 's implicit in his tone , but he can 't shrug .
va	I	His raging boner took forever to go down , but he spent longer in the bathroom than intended .
va	O	葬礼随之而来，并且你的生活继续，而别人的生活已经停止了。
va	O	他感到一阵忧郁，并且他沉默了几分钟。
va	I	She 'd rejected him , and he 'd tried to force her to stay with him .
va	I	He tossed it over a chair and he let his morning coat slide off his arms .
va	O	面试结束了，但是 法医检测继续进行。
va	O	在凯莉决定如何做之前，门开了，并且 一个鼻子从门缝里探了出来。
va	I	It seemed a reasonable response , and it was easier than keeping it up .
va	I	He spoke to her and she stared at him .
va	I	They had died trying , but they might have failed at protecting Misha in the end .
va	O	好吧，莉兹现在在家，并且 我们来这里有点是为了报纸业务。
va	O	她对店员眨了眨眼，并且 两人都笑得咯咯直响。
va	O	那里有一些护栏，但是 很多区域都没有。
va	O	我从他脸上的表情看得出来他不相信我，但是 他没有深究。
va	I	He had already vanished , but she turned to tell Will to hurry away .
va	O	我的身体感到筋疲力尽，并且 我严重疲劳。
va	O	我把嘴移开，并且 斯奈德夫人的胸部下沉了。
va	I	If I were a werewolf , there 's no way I 'd make a challenge against Marcus , but I don 't know much about him .
va	I	That was my aunt 's domain , but the auction would be next week .
va	I	It was like all of it all the time , but I could describe the feeling a hundred different ways .
va	I	He paused momentarily before opening it , and an unopened envelope lay sitting on the top of his desk .
va	I	From their position they had a wide view of the mountains , and after midday King Ignis halted the army on a hilltop .
va	O	他不喜欢那样听起来，但是他除了等待什么也做不了。
va	O	我希望我能帮你，但是我恐怕你需要一个真正的专业人士来帮你解决这些问题。
va	I	I wasn 't sure I believed it , but that sort of made sense .
va	I	He paid them no mind , but dancers cleared the floor around them , gawking .
va	O	我的身体垮了，无法再承受，并且我第二次高潮时在他身上抽搐起来。
va	O	停止了我所有的话语并且差点也停止了我的心跳。
va	O	我见过他上千次了，几乎从我出生那天起每天都见，但是现在情况不同了。
va	O	风险会有额外奖励，并且文艺复兴时期的风险通常属于生死攸关的范畴。
va	O	我们邀请了酒店经理到美国度假，费用由我们公司承担，并且我希望他能接受。
va	I	I relaxed into her embrace , and mom pulled me toward her .
va	I	She was trying , but she was not Adam 's biggest fan .
va	O	我以为朱迪是想做好事，但是我还没准备好被分析。
va	O	让我感到非常悲哀的是，一个民族会如此限制他们寻找幸福的机会，但是幸福并非只来源于拥有。
va	O	他闻到了一股淡淡的香水味，而且她穿着一件只到膝盖的衬裙。
va	I	She didn 't sound pleased to be bothered again , and it was the same woman who 'd answered her last two calls .
va	O	我四下寻找他的身影，但是沃伦不见踪影。
va	O	她的比基尼上衣松开了，而且她的背部晒成了均匀的棕色。
va	O	她问道，纳闷那个名字为何会浮现脑海，但是不知怎的，她觉得那样称呼他似乎才对。
va	I	Tobias ' face is grim , which one again causes goose bumps to form on my arms and I look back over my shoulder .
va	O	他似乎没有注意到，或者如果他注意到了，他也足够友善没有说什么。
va	I	There 's nothing on the back , but I flip the paper over .
va	I	The strain was endless , and I had performed nursing care for my son for months .
va	I	I don 't think either of us was planning on going anywhere anyway , but we both nod .
va	I	The three started moving once more , their growing entourage of armed soldier escorts following quietly behind , and Victor nodded .
va	I	She was no athlete , but she cold hold her own athletically .
va	I	I 'll see what they say and I know a few of them .
va	I	I couldn 't stop reading , but maybe it was the fact that it was forbidden .
va	I	Ever since then , all Smitten Kittens doubled as official cheater catchers , and Mary drafted the official handbook .
va	I	She understood how Toby felt , but Rachel was happy for them .
va	O	安娜的声音听起来很和善，但是彼特知道她很失望。
va	O	我走到门边停了下来，并且我在那里站了一会儿，想起卡罗琳时感到悲伤。
va	I	The sea takes the body away , and whoever is there performs the blessing .
va	I	He is going to put up a hell of a fight before he lets that happen , but Alexander is going to die .
va	I	He gripped the breathing mask , and Lange 's withered arm rose .
va	I	A heat cloud rushed towards us and the flame rose up .
va	O	她把前座踢回原位，并且马特也照做了。
va	O	他的轻柔呼吸落在她的脸颊上，并且她低下头来掩饰她的脸红。
va	I	When it spilled out , the crops would be finished , and the St. Francis couldn 't hold much more .
va	O	铃声已经响起了第一节课，但是我仍然僵在原地，脑子里飞快地想着接下来该做什么。
va	O	你昏迷不醒，并且他“好心”地告诉我，现在我是他的了，因为你对此无能为力。
va	O	我不确定赫斯顿先生长什么样，但是我没有看到任何可能是他的人。
va	O	史蒂夫转过身来面对他的朋友，并且林迪不记得他的黑眼睛什么时候变得如此强烈过。
va	I	His grin stretched across his face like taffy pulling apart and he nodded .
va	I	I just laughed even harder , but I should have tackled her .
va	O	这可能需要更长时间，但是它会完成的。
va	O	我很想去看三月，但是他们可能不会让我进去。
va	I	Seductive capitalism was having its way , but Beijing was still firmly Communist .
va	I	I decided to ask and she was laughing too .
va	I	It swung inexplicably open ahead of him before he touched it , but he raised his other hand to push it open .
va	I	She would not waste an ounce of that on him , but she had always been able to charm any man .
va	O	佩顿正要开始攻击莉娅，但是佩顿吃了一惊。
va	O	就在他即将触碰她时，她又挣扎起来，并且她的胸部颤动着。
va	O	马克斯低下头，并且伯克先生继续说。
va	O	她穿着一件泰的大学运动衫，并且它垂到她的膝盖。
va	O	他们不明白，但是这倒不算多大意外。
va	O	我和他交往至今大约九个月了，并且我很快就明白了。
va	O	贾里德又开始说话了，但是一小群年轻人从上方朝我们射击。
va	O	沃尔玛有各种各样的食物，但是我不知道从今往后我们是否会看到很多新鲜蔬菜。
va	I	I swat at his hand and he pulls my hair again .
va	O	他们可能彼此没那么了解，但是任何人都看得出亚历克斯因为什么事而心烦。
va	O	当然，双胞胎需要额外看护，但是除此之外，每个人似乎都相信我是一个完美怀孕的典范。
va	I	There were no notes , no sign he 'd even read any of them , but I flipped through the pages of each book quickly .
va	O	另一条龙从伊兹抓住的那条下方飞过，并且就在那时，伊兹松开了对鬃毛的抓握。
va	I	Richardson knew it was too late , but beyond the glass windows several marines had arrived .
va	O	行动九可能是一个SPA，除了自然法则外不受任何法律约束，但是这些东西根本不受任何规则约束。
va	O	我瞥了她一眼，并且她露出了一个苦笑。
va	I	From there it would be signaled out to the entire nation within seconds , and the images were fed into the newsrooms .
va	O	他们都带着枪，但是没有人开过枪。
va	O	他的头发有点蓬乱，并且他的脸没有刮得很干净。
va	I	She knew it was to ease the tightness in his groin and this time Jake shifted beneath her .
va	O	现在还很早，并且我可能不应该对那家伙那么苛刻。
va	I	I noted the light in my father 's den , and we pulled into the drive a few minutes later .
va	I	That didn 't stop them from fighting , but they were bloody , tired .
va	O	他更用力地拉了一下，并且我的目光猛地转向了他。
va	O	她费力地向他靠近，但是他们的位置阻碍了她。
va	O	入口门是开着的，并且那男人在马克走进来时几乎没有注意到他。
va	O	他们回到了他的公寓，他们的公寓，并且伊森开始向她道晚安。
va	O	泽拉对我坏笑，好像我是个白痴，但是我继续着。
va	O	到傍晚时，莱拉像钻石一样闪耀，并且他觉得她看起来就像一直属于这里。
va	O	杰斯触到了痛处，并且她很后悔。
va	O	他说话时再次看向别处，朝向街道，并且我追随着他的目光。
va	I	I was on my way and we shook hands .
va	O	汤姆又猛拉了一下他的手臂，并且这次麦克放手了。
va	I	I will die at the hands of a Lurker , or I will either die at the hands of whatever has me trapped .
va	I	Their cultures appeared to be nearly identical , but they might live in a different Domain .
va	O	我挣扎着自己的，并且在那一刻我让她进来了。
va	I	The processional began , and Robin released my hand with another pat .
va	O	她知道约翰·威廉姆斯是个麻烦人物，并且她需要离他远点。
va	O	她不得不应付凯尔，并且那并没有导致她把他赶出公寓，尽管她希望如此。
va	O	我们的第一场音乐会将在两天后举行，并且我们明天开始旅行。
va	O	她把它放了进去，并且我跟着她走向泰勒的卧室。
va	I	I didn 't know what it was , but for so many years , I 've been missing something in my life .
va	O	他不喜欢别人叫他笨蛋，但是他算了。
va	O	我把腿跨过栏杆，并且他们都开始像印第安人一样嚎叫。
va	O	泪水灼痛了她的鼻窦，并且她低下头，避开他的审视。
va	I	Because she cared for him , she listened patiently , and Howard would talk baseball by the hour with her .
va	O	到处都是高大的松树，并且附近有一条小小的径流溪。
va	I	She stopped him with her hands , but he started to float back down .
va	I	I began sliding backwards and my feet lost traction .
va	O	它倒下了，并且我用冷钢直刺心脏了结了它。
va	O	当那些人回来时，我们准备离开了，并且安娜走向那个圣克莱尔形状的物体。
va	I	Every space was full of toys that most seven-year-old boys only dreamed about , and colorful balloons floated on the ceiling .
va	I	I almost choked on my breath , and my gaze snapped sharply in his direction .
va	I	It seemed like the right thing to do at that moment but I didn 't usually drink during the middle of the day .
va	O	格兰特的手在我身上收紧，并且他把我拉得离他更近。
va	O	她不知道是否应该打开它，但是她的好奇心并没有给她太多选择。
va	I	He owed his longtime friend this courtesy , but he wondered if he was making a mistake going in alone .
va	O	我当时才35岁，但是我不认为年龄是她所指的。
va	O	这可能很奇怪，但是这是人类适应能力的一部分。
va	I	It was Stefan 's hand that was gallantly offered to me , but my door was opened by the valet .
va	I	I follow his lead and Damien gets off Bronco .
va	I	When I put my knee on the bed to climb up , Harlin nods his approval , and soon I 'm standing there in a bikini .
va	O	他迅速地走向她帮忙，但是杰克逊惊恐万分，以至于她举起了枪。
va	O	这不算多，但是这是一个她可以称之为朋友的东西。
va	I	He picked from among them a wife , and he was considered handsome by many female toads .
va	I	Once her cheek settled against him she absorbed a sense of peace that had long evaded her , but Maddie stiffened at first .
va	I	Della had a vampire thing that morning , and Kylie spotted Miranda eating with the witches .
va	I	He could hear it in her voice , and her body shook with panic .
va	O	我头晕目眩，并且没有什么比离开那里更让我渴望的了。
va	I	I was the only one in whom he confided but you all heard them .
va	O	杰克给克里夫拿了一杯可乐，但是塔姆辛挥手表示不用。
va	I	She bowed her head in confusion and they were so excited , so proud .
va	I	A hand grabbed him by the collar , but dazed , Nikolas stood up again to charge .
va	O	他正在被其他人帮助，并且当旁观者重述所发生的事情时，她领会了事情的要点。
va	I	I imagined I could almost feel their icy breath on my skin , and their weapons rattled in the dark .
va	I	Rush hadn 't filled in the details , but she knew there 'd been someone else .
va	I	He settled down for a little while , and the feeding tube was removed from his nose .
va	O	安妮说着笑了起来，但是莎莉只勉强地笑了笑。
va	O	跳舞是他唯一喜欢与女人一起进行的活动，并且他后悔宫廷舞不再流行了。
va	I	He inhaled a shaky breath and his lips parted just slightly .
va	O	今晚月圆，并且我们往往会有点不安。
va	O	如果图书管理员在接下来的十五分钟内没有挖进去，穹顶就会破碎，并且图书管理员军队就会冲进来。
va	I	Denny scanned the room quickly and we walked inside the doors .
va	O	我知道你不想回到这个世界，并且我不怪你。
va	I	This takes honesty , and this takes time .
va	I	She seems to get it , but I don 't know how .
va	I	My skin crawled , and I heard a soft slither behind me , like wet cloth over cement .
va	O	她不确定那是怎么发生的，但是感觉很对。
va	I	I jogged towards them , and the distance to the nearest group was about twenty yards .
va	I	I don 't think it 's really all too fair but Fort Worth has half the bragging rights to the name .
va	O	我只知道我最好的朋友和我在一起，并且我再开心不过了。
va	I	Liam had no intention of contacting him and his alleged father was a class-A bastard .
va	O	他修剪的速度丝毫未减，并且布莱森因此开始看起来非常英俊。
va	I	She didn 't really like talking to him as much as she thought she would and he was beginning to get a little creepy .
va	I	I found myself alone and it wasn 't long before my little celebration was over .
va	O	有一天劳拉在厨房工作时，偶然在杂志上看到一则广告，并且她屏住了呼吸。
va	O	他可能开得太快了，但是那些小事故不是他的错。
va	I	I don 't think he was really a bit sorry , but he apologized beautifully for disturbing me at home .
va	I	The woman had , but the child hadn 't seen the truth of his terrible existence .
va	I	His eyes never left Aya , but Captain Kalen had stood , then formally saluted the Emperor .
va	O	卢克和他的哥哥们一样英俊夺目，但是他穿着打扮是为了低调。
va	O	他笑了，但是凯勒听出了其中的绝望。
va	I	It was the first time he told someone how badly it hurt to be ripped off , but she already knew the story .
va	O	它比轮椅好，但是我讨厌人们看我的眼神。
va	O	在她的困惑中，谢天谢地，泪水止住了，但是她脸上的深沉悲伤却丝毫没有消失。
va	I	I 'm not really too fond of these kinds of places , and a stairwell leads deep underground .
va	O	菲尔说话时他正点着头，并且他的黑眼睛冷冷地注视着鲁本。
va	I	I hadn 't moved from the swing on the porch but I had hung up with her over ten minutes ago .
va	I	Rose stared at him shocked , and the order left his lips .
va	O	他的身体软了下去，并且他陷入了昏迷。
va	O	我还没洗澡，并且我的行李不见了。
va	I	Then John can move on without having to make the decision to leave , and we 'll give the crew a nice severance pay .
va	I	He still hasn 't gone to her but days past already from he woke up .
va	O	伯内特的电话响了，并且他抓起它。
va	O	他又站了起来，在外面呼吸着他那光明的冥界的清新空气。
va	I	The rest of us are only human , but Vel may have senses that can compensate .
va	I	She was completely blind as to where to even begin , but she tried to think of a way to help him .
va	O	他把手指往上深推了一下，并且我倒吸了一口气。
va	O	他们没有被列为最熟练的，但是那些死去的士兵仍然是好士兵。
va	I	She reached to twine her fingers around his wrists , and her hips bumped the table .
va	O	低垂云层的磷光清晰地显示了它，而且甚至勾勒出它的一部分轮廓，因为蒸汽在后面发光。
va	O	我的宫缩紧紧地包裹住他，并且那股波浪慢慢地涌上我的身体，使我的胃颤抖。
va	O	最后一缕蓝色火焰在她的掌心闪烁，并且她握紧拳头将其熄灭。
va	I	The signs were not needed , but signs advised visitors to keep out .
va	O	面对五只狼对他来说轻而易举，并且突然间维洛开始为狼人的生命感到恐惧。
va	I	Body language made clear that both were angry , but they exchanged some quiet remarks .
va	I	The idyllic life has changed , but it 's been good for the economy .
va	O	她受孕的那一刻起有些事情就注定了，并且没有任何人能改变这一点。
va	O	这是比我之前看过的其他房子都更豪华的房子，并且价格也反映了这一点。
va	I	He took mine and I took his picture .
va	O	起初，我甚至不敢动，但是最终，想触摸艾薇的渴望占了上风。
va	I	The pair fought over the uneven rocky ground and the death vamp had drawn in his wings .
va	O	我能忍受的冷遇就那么多，而且，我确信我不会有任何邮件。
va	I	I only want to lie like this forever , and the sweet scent of jasmine reaches my nose .
va	O	他的黑暗凝视变得强烈，并且他的声音亲密地低沉下来。
va	I	I knew she understood how hard it was for me to open this part of myself to her and her eyes were soft .
va	O	当我回来时，艾可已经睡着了，并且我因不同的原因醒着。
va	O	我的一只爪子滑了出来，并且我把它指向了他。
va	O	他一年没有拜访过它了，并且它闻起来像一个臭鸡蛋。
va	O	两名医生是男性，并且一名是女性。
va	I	The lights flicker back on and eventually the wind picks up .
va	O	我甚至不是一个爱哭的人，然而由于某种原因，我最近似乎哭了很多。
va	O	无法控制的颤抖传遍了她的全身，并且她的乳头紧绷得发痛。
va	O	主教专注于他的水果，全神贯注地对待它，并且我结结巴巴地说。
va	O	他当时太心不在焉了，并且他本该更清楚的。
va	I	Windows locked right now because someone out there knew and her shades were drawn .
va	I	He 'd never feel right knowing he was profiting from her work , and the thought hadn 't crossed his mind .
va	I	My muscles tensed , ready to run if she tried again , and every inch of me felt as if I were on fire .
va	I	I can barely catch my breath , and it 's a deep belly laugh .
va	O	过去几天他们已经走了很长的路，但是他在学校就是无法足够专注。
va	I	I know of only one that would risk being captured by Scarborough 's men ... and only men of illegitimate birth are given such a name .
va	O	我喜欢她说话的方式，并且我们坐在一起，双手紧握。
va	I	She thinks she ´ s a gymnast and she ´ s almost at the top .
va	I	He saw it , but she tried not to show her surprise .
va	I	In doin ' so , he likely saved my life , but he beat me senseless , that is beyond a doubt .
va	I	He wasn 't to know , but that was patently not the case .
va	O	我们打了个赌，并且这次我输了。
va	O	我的心开始剧烈跳动，并且我摇了摇头。
va	I	We couldn 't stay where we were and I had agreed to look for the railway line because I couldn 't come up with anything better .
va	I	Wrinkled clothes were strewn across the floor , and a set of white Christmas lights lined the perimeter of her room .
va	O	我们的目光在大堂里交汇，并且他朝我走来，穿过房间，仿佛房间是空的。
va	I	It did throw his attack off course , but it wasn 't enough to incapacitate him .
va	I	I 'm not one of them , but some people have the instinctive knack .
va	I	The little hairs on my arms stood straight up , and I still felt like someone was watching me .
va	I	It looks totally ordinary in the serving bowl , and it smells like popcorn while it 's popping .
va	O	好奇心战胜了她的愤怒...，并且她听着他解释作为吸血鬼伴侣的真正含义。
va	I	She began to panic , and she couldn 't remember .
va	I	Then , they already knew that , but the lock-on was also performing perfectly .
va	O	阿亚娜花钱不多，但是一点点也无妨。
va	O	他需要王国人民的尊重，并且在他们北部战火肆虐时保护人民会赢得那份尊重。
va	O	塔拉自约翰揭露真相后就失踪了，并且德米特里只是出去喝杯酒。
va	I	He sounded okay , but he was hoarse .
va	O	混凝土地板裂开了，并且水从裂缝中渗了出来。
va	I	She began to wonder whether she was the victim of false memories , and the memory of this session had floated back into Kathy 's consciousness .
va	I	She 'd be caught if she 'd gone anywhere near the official chambers , and she has no excuse to be there .
va	O	乐队困惑地停了下来，并且人们涌向出口，想看看发生了什么。
va	O	肖恩试图为自己的笑话而笑，但是笑容显得很疲惫。
va	O	其他墙上都挂满了画作，但是这面墙在灯的两侧有大片空白。
va	I	She felt like she was backed into a corner , but she wasn 't interested in a heart-to-heart with him .
va	I	He was still sick but he was now clear-headed .
va	O	它被快速地完成，但是它却是彻底的。
va	I	His list of friends was equally small and most of his family had passed away .
va	O	我没见过她玩，但是她在机器上玩得很棒。
va	I	They all showed up at the cooking tents very early the following morning , and before it was over , I had thirty-five willing hands .
va	I	It 's killing me , and I 've brought home a shell of my brother .
va	I	Even more clearly hadn 't been opened up for weeks and it was clearly just used for storage .
va	O	他盯着我，但是他没有逼迫。
va	O	里面有灯光，但是她仍然没有看到动静。
va	O	尼克畏缩了，并且我用手肘猛击了他的肚子。
va	O	他的眼睛睁大了，并且很快他便紧握住自己的枪。
va	I	He drew his sword , and the man turned around .
va	O	凯特说他几个月前签了一份唱片合约，并且我在收音机里听到过他的一些歌。
va	O	她已经决定了一个方向，并且到目前为止进展顺利。
va	I	Tying me up in the basement and it was like one of those Saw movies complete with crazy masks .
va	I	His next sentence made Alex groan but this didn 't upset Alex .
va	I	I felt pretty in it , but I had been saving it for Uncle Louis .
va	I	The queue shuffled forward to fill the void and the man walked away .
va	I	A shadow appeared against the patch of blue sky visible through the jagged hole in the roof and Rapid footsteps sounded above our heads .
va	O	你说了会是这样，并且我告诉你没关系。
va	I	He could catch her scent and she adjusted it so it rested high on his shoulders .
va	O	我知道我应该拒绝它，但是再一次，我没有。
va	O	他打开了门，并且他们悄悄地溜了进去。
va	I	The slick slide of her body on his signaled his erection for an encore , and she squirmed as if trying to get free .
va	I	I wondered what it was , and that buzzing was still there , closer .
va	I	That hardly seemed important , but his clothes were gone .
va	O	我还没来得及问完，门又开了，并且房间开始挤满了那些常客。
va	O	大部分船员现在都无意识地躺在甲板上，并且大部分威士忌都没了。
va	O	我不知道当她得逞时我们是怎么忍住没笑的，但是我们做到了。
va	I	No one cared that I was sad and my life was getting dismantled in a crazy tornado of activity .
va	O	我们转过身，并且特蕾西正站在我们身后。
va	I	I didn 't sleep much last night , and it 's been a strange twenty-four hours .
va	I	I could feel them building up inside me , seeping through my skin , but I trusted Al to answer them all in time .
va	I	Then she knocked , and they glanced at each other with raised eyebrows as they heard the sound of a lute from inside .
va	O	布鲁斯因伤势和失血而死亡。
va	O	Ty看着 Zane 时露出了一丝坏笑，但是笑容随着他清嗓子而消失了。
va	I	She was looking at me in the rearview mirror , but at first I thought she was caught up in her tangle with Ace only .
va	O	那让我们陷入了疯狂，并且我们不得不仓皇逃离剧院，生怕会被鞭打。
va	O	她看他是不是在开玩笑，但是他的表情看起来非常严肃。
va	O	现在，我不太擅长变魔术，但是就像我说的，我设法应付过去。
va	O	房间的门就在她旁边，但是把手在她相反的一侧。
va	O	这份文件被标记为绝密，并且罗伯特在审阅他们居然将它交给他看的内容时感到惊讶。
va	I	I 'm keeping him company and he 's a lonely widower .
va	I	Most of the miners didn 't make it out again and there was a mine disaster there not long ago .
va	I	He finally made it , and one painful , clumsy step after another .
va	I	Rafe observed her hands clench in to fists , and Sparks of anger flew from Adele 's eyes .
va	I	The cursor blinked inside , and the message box opened .
va	O	他们说签了表格，并且他就可以走了。
va	O	我们俩以前都渡过河上百次了，但是今天感觉不同——一种警告的气氛萦绕在我们周围。
va	O	她的胃很痛，因为他是她的父亲，但是他不是她的爸爸。
va	O	不完全是一个大都市，但是它确实很漂亮。
va	I	That is far from acceptable , and you are being kept behind .
va	I	I hate myself for it , and he hasn 't been the same since I told him about Lacey .
va	O	他们到达了米切尔的包船，而且凯特的注意力转向了让马克斯上船的任务。
va	I	It was now Thursday evening , and the days had flown by .
va	O	这个想法本应该让大卫对情况感觉好一些，但是话又说回来，虫群曾想要许多其他的人质活着。
va	O	现在他走了，而且我们两人的世界都失去了平衡。
va	I	I smiled at the waiter and Seth looked at me .
va	O	铜是贵族能使用的最坚韧的金属，而且即使它不如钢有效，它仍然能杀人。
va	I	He 's got tentacles everywhere and he 's building an army .
va	O	他简短地瞥了一眼手表，而且我趁机打量了他手臂上惊人的肌肉。
va	O	他们都为此笑了，而且印第俯身将杰西卡放在她母亲的臂弯里。
va	I	Sam was certain they had the identity of Frank 's thirty-three year-old victim from the Priory , but the address given became more important now .
va	O	我从未听过一个成年男人哭泣，但是这并没有我想象的那么可怕。
va	O	他可能正在挑战她，但是她已深陷于这项任务中，因为她不忍心再给他带来片刻痛苦。
va	O	乔什真的还活着，并且一个名叫克莱尔的女人照顾了他。
va	O	坏人不作暂停，并且我也不能。我没有费心偷偷下楼。
va	I	For the moment it fell to him to find the lad , but he would discipline the rogue after sunrise .
va	I	This time I could feel the heat of the morphing fire , and the dragon made another appearance .
va	I	They did stagger the much smaller girl but he could land only a few blows .
va	O	布莱恩·库珀解释说他已经和一名现场训练警官巡逻了一个月，但是他们需要他去巡逻。
va	I	It seemed less important than Padme 's love , but the power was there .
va	I	It felt a bit lacking , but she tried to arch her eyebrow to match Calla 's .
va	I	I was unable to move and something inside me had died .
va	I	He couldn 't resist leaning forward to taste and a soft , grateful smile reached her lips .
va	I	The kids were asleep and it was past midnight .
va	I	Holding three drinks made it difficult , but I tried to inch around him .
va	O	大海拍打着船只，发出持续的低语声，并且他们的航行在身后留下了发光痕迹。
va	O	我有一份好工作，并且我再也高兴不过了。
va	O	第二十章 这不是路易吉的，但是凑合着用吧。
va	I	He returned her regard with a bland look of his own , and Pia eyed him .
va	O	我的缓刑官的眉毛又皱起来了，并且他伸手去拿他的剪贴板。
va	I	You are so compromised and you lose one sense ?
va	I	It hadn 't generated this acute level of sexual excitement but for her it had been a physical pleasure breast-feeding Theo .
va	O	她坚定地摇了摇头，但是她随后的结巴却与这个动作相矛盾。
va	I	He crashed down against the tabletop , where he whimpered from the pain of smacking his forehead against the solid wood , and she released him .
va	I	Four Praetorian guards came forth and he motioned toward the door .
va	O	我留下了你，每天都对自己承诺我不会动情，但是你偷走了我的心，赛琳娜。
va	I	I could see I was having no effect on him , and he was fighting against my efforts .
va	O	他的眼睛变得呆滞，并且他没有动。
va	O	赛斯越过我对着扬声器大喊他的命令，并且我们绕了过去。
va	I	She was on solid ground , and Janie was scared to death .
va	I	I 've never done them with anyone else , but my parents taught me all the old dances .
va	O	他已经完成了利用埃斯的目的，并且现在他正在试图解决这起谋杀案。
va	O	人群散去，并且夜幕降临。
va	O	他们没有好的掩护，并且他必须把她带离那里。
va	I	He moved to the edge of the bed , and she let go of the tie .
va	O	历史老师身后的光秃墙壁活了起来，并且宇宙的动画展示映入眼帘。
va	O	演讲结束了，并且我们都鼓掌，直到有人登上讲台才停止。
va	O	我看到火光在门下闪烁，但是这对他的办公室来说是全天候的常态。
va	O	他的话语再次像炭火一样煽动了人群，并且所有人都涌向了科伦。
va	I	Even if I did , he 'd find out and I had nothing to hide .
va	I	Instead he found catastrophic failure , but he had hoped to find glory in the Black Door .
va	I	Already her power was crawling through the house and Abby had sensed the danger .
va	O	他的控制力正在变好，但是他的需求却在恶化。
va	I	This time I could not stop the bleeding and my left foot had been injured once again .
va	O	当天的最后一节课到了，并且桑兹教授立刻让我们开始工作。
va	O	这个庭院不是我常走的散步地点之一，但是我似乎记得这里以前有个小水池。
va	I	Peaches could still see them on either side , but the eyes in front were gone .
va	O	他没有戴口罩，或者有人可能把它从他脸上摘了下来。
va	O	Mallory 不是一个喜欢对抗的人，并且她无法忍受喊叫。
va	I	He wasn 't watching them , but she glanced at Cain .
va	O	话在我嘴巴合上前溜了出去，但是我想要继续说下去。
va	O	我一直等他停下来，但是他没有。
va	O	她笑了，并且他们亲吻了。
va	I	A fine sheen of sweat beaded his skin , and his heart thundered against her hand .
va	O	他的声音颤抖了，并且他无论如何也无法保持稳定。
va	I	Any deception is probably worth cultivating , even without an exact plan , and it gives her more opportunity to defend Sampson , for one thing .
va	O	Gnat 盯着他们，并且他随后耸了耸肩，跑去和一些士兵说话了。
va	O	时间过得很快，而且我不知道。
va	O	她听说那把钥匙并不总是如人所愿，并且它也并不总是回到人们所希望的准确时间。
va	O	随着尴尬袭来，红晕涌上我的脸颊，并且我把前额垂到他胸前以藏起我的脸。
va	I	I enter it and the door to the airlock springs open .
va	I	He wouldn 't , or he 'd get over it .
va	O	我刚说出那些话，他的眼睛就恢复了神采，但是我没有时间去解读它们。
va	I	His eyes are watery , and he is hunched with his shoulders pressing down against the metal of the truck 's ceiling .
va	O	她知道他将在他过于漫长的人生中瘫痪，并且她怜悯他。
va	I	They lacked my training , but four of them attacked me .
va	O	沃尔特爱她胜过议会中的任何人，并且卡利欧普一直嫉妒她对他的影响力。
va	O	精神科医生专注地倾听，但是他的回答很简短。
va	I	She looked sad , frozen in that pose , but maybe it was just my imagination .
va	I	I 'll go for lost civilisations , simply because I don 't know enough quantum physics to consider the alternative but I think both sound plausible .
va	O	帕特里克从未去过密歇根，但是他想象着茂密的森林。
va	I	That was all I needed , but from my position I could only see the top of her cap .
va	O	她穿着的纸质病号服是浅蓝色的，并且反射的光线使她的皮肤看起来蜡黄。
va	I	He spoke before I could , but I opened my mouth to apologize for standing idly in this hallway , my body acting on autopilot .
va	I	She refused to heed it , but go The command was overwhelming .
va	I	I closed my eyes and the room started spinning .
va	I	It was no good , but I argued the point .
va	I	Now she looked more peaceful than Mackie had felt in years , and the morphine had taken her someplace else .
va	I	She rose to refill it then moved out of his line of sight and his wine glass was empty .
va	O	我做了晚饭，并且她回家了。
va	O	我拨了她的号码，但是电话直接转到语音信箱了。
va	I	I 'm proud to make her my wife , and I 've fallen a bit more in love with her each new day .
va	O	拉拉没有看清他是怎么做到的，但是当她第二次尝试时，他的坚实体格依然挡住了她的去路。
va	I	I can 't figure out what , but something 's niggling at me .
va	I	You learn to move with it and no matter how much you seem to be running in place , the world moves on .
va	O	她通常都很自持，但是这些陌生人持续表现出的善意，让她有些动容。
va	O	我找遍了所有地方，拨了你的号码但是打不通。
va	O	她想到了接下来的那个夜晚，并且与她的继兄见面。
va	I	There was something Germanic about him but his accent was high end British .
va	O	她并没有真正看到他，但是她感受到了他冰冷的存在。
va	I	The culprit had been found and Raven 's child was safe .
va	O	他的手指触及了她的私密处，并且他发出了痛苦的呻吟。
va	O	我再次环顾四周，但是这里没有人。
va	I	His eyes were glassy with fever and his face was flushed a rosy red .
va	O	他不会料到，并且他永远抓不到我。
va	I	The Colonial troops controlled the countryside , but the British troops occupied the city .
va	I	Suddenly I realized this was it , and the Prince was ready for a fight .
va	O	她把双臂抱在胸前，遮住自己，并且然后她把腿盘在身下。
va	O	我本以为这个问题会早点提出来，但是我猜它在我的自杀任务面前退居次要地位了。
va	I	That was a challenging approach but I tried to stand up .
va	I	Kat took a deep breath , and they walked together down the crumbling , sinking sidewalks of Venice .
va	O	医生正在和我说话，但是我并没有真正听到他的话。
va	I	Olivia supposed she might as well get used to having a part-time husband , but they 'd argued about it repeatedly .
va	I	Now it was because she understood what passion was , but sadly , she still tossed in her bed .
va	I	His mouth opened wide , and his eyes rolled back in his head .
va	O	其他人谁也不知道发生了什么，并且她想，他的同伴们大概也不会特别为他的离去感到难过。
va	I	She nestled against him as she used to , and he cradled her cold form against his chest .
va	I	Lil was tidying the coiled up moor line , but Coop was nowhere to be seen .
va	O	门上传来轻轻的敲击声，并且维特拿着一叠羊皮纸走了进来。
va	I	Their hands tightened on their weapons , and their spears came down .
va	O	她与众不同，并且他们也知道这一点。
va	I	I felt a little silly for my whining , and his bravado made me smile again .
va	O	珀西瓦尔挥舞着砍向那些怪物，但是刀刃却只是像烟雾一样穿过它们。
va	I	Her heart seemed to stop , and he brought her arm to his mouth slowly .
va	O	我们走到第一座桥，并且我主动要求先过桥。
va	O	他把手放在男孩身上，并且我能感觉到他散发出的热量。
va	I	He seemed quite in love with her , but she didn 't have much experience in the subject .
va	O	他等了一秒钟，但是她什么也没说。
va	O	我们仍然不知道她是谁，但是她在安圭拉的酒店房间是以一个名叫巴特利特的家伙的名字登记的。
va	I	Then he stopped , but for a moment , it looked as if Gansey felt the same .
va	I	His eyebrows knitted together in false concern , and Silas tilted his head to one side .
va	O	他们都会把手在水里洗干净，而且他会非常想吻她。
va	O	赫克托认为他需要一台骑乘式割草机，并且杜尔茜说吸尘器应该升级了。
va	I	I had known I would be in trouble today , but I managed to ignore her most of the time .
va	O	他是一只猫，一只由多种古代野猫培育出来的捕食性猫，而且现在随时他都会把她撕成碎片。
va	I	She throws the guns inside , and a slot opens from nowhere .
va	O	我的手立刻摸向我的湿头发，并且我的大脑立刻认为那是梅森。
va	I	I laughed to myself and I noticed that she was wearing blue plastic flip-flops .
va	O	门砰地一声开了，并且戴夫跌跌撞撞地走出房子，身上还穿着前一晚的夜店服装。
va	I	I jumped down into the night and he popped the windshield visor open .
va	I	I like it and I feel invisible .
va	O	整个围观的事情已经失控了，并且她有种感觉，事情会变得更糟。
va	I	Sarah fell to the ground and lightning flared again .
va	I	There was nowhere for it to go but down into her stomach , and torrents of coppery disgust filled her mouth .
va	O	为了证明他的观点，他放下了手，并且几十声小小的爆裂声像是为他的努力鼓掌。
va	I	Unwillingly , I felt some of my walls weakening , and he always surprised me .
va	O	他几乎好像在微笑，但是这并不令人感到安慰。
va	O	他倒吸了一口气，并且他贪婪地看着我。
va	I	Smoke lapped up the side of the building from their bombs , and the small ground team had already jumped off the other shuttle .
va	I	Edwin tipped him generously , and the porter carried out their luggage .
va	I	He only had five good toes , and he was born with a clubfoot .
va	I	She didn 't want that , and if she allowed him to , he would take over .
va	I	Some preliminary plans had been made about further visits , and Vann knew Mr Briggs had given Riley a radio .
va	I	He gave me an encouraging nod , and surprised , I automatically sought Sean .
va	O	凯特琳锁上了她工作室的门，但是那是她唯一采取的预防措施。
va	O	爸爸的手盖住了我的手，但是我却无法紧握。
va	I	His fingers feathered over her cheek and his head cocked .
va	I	It had to be told but a contingent of state representatives came to call , sorry to deliver bad news .
va	O	艾琳一边在我旁边冲刺一边说着这一切，并且不知何故，她的话语让我加快了脚步，直到她停止奔跑。
va	I	Conner grabbed the back of my shirt , but I started to walk out of the room .
va	I	The town itself seemed to have plenty of green space , but Brown mountains could be seen on the horizon .
va	O	我想他本打算把它们留给博物馆，但是他从未着手安排。
va	O	她给了我一个温暖的眼神，并且我变得情绪激动。
va	I	I left it alone , but she 'd missed my point .
va	O	我每天都更爱他，但是我觉得仍然有什么东西在把我们分开。
va	O	夫人，我很抱歉，但是我是来带你走的。
va	I	Still , it had sounded darned good but it was just a figure of speech .
va	I	I came to a stop , and I heard myself gasp .
va	O	他仍然只是个男人，并且他们总是倾向于低估她。
va	I	You know it and she would hate that .
va	I	Being one and it turned out there was an enormous difference between managing a servant .
va	I	It had been a lot , but he didn 't notch his bedpost to tally them up .
va	O	毫无疑问他们在谈论他，但是他并没有因此而气馁。
va	I	You heard Vic , and you heard him .
va	O	我希望不必听从斯通的命令，但是我什么也没说。
va	I	I felt like someone had taken a potato peeler to my heart and when that subject was broached , Nikolas shifted uncomfortably in his seat .
va	O	我的父母喜欢知道我在哪里，但是我也不认为维克的父母那么在乎。
va	I	Allison has a tendency to beat at your resistance until you finally just give in to whatever she wants , but neither of us enjoys shopping .
va	O	他没有回应敲书房门的声音，但是门还是开了。
va	O	亚历克斯希望他没有提到尼克，因为这让情况看起来更加棘手，但是他无法收回这些信息。
va	O	吉恩猜想杰伊期望他说一些模仿他自己话语的话，但是他无法强迫自己这样做。
va	I	We may still succeed , but it will take a bit longer .
va	I	Else she 'd be out of Kylie 's life even earlier than scheduled or she 'd better get control of her emotions .
va	O	事情变得太过认真了，并且我现在是主导者了。
va	O	球发光了，并且光芒膨胀了。
va	I	She didn 't look up again , as though she knew I was watching but I frowned , hoping to catch her eye .
va	I	The barn looked new , and Light sprung from the box .
va	I	There was no getting around them and she had her shields up already .
va	O	他认同那种生活方式，并且我想知道更多。
va	I	He pushed his game and his fingers tightened on her wrists .
va	O	他们的脸被兜帽遮蔽着，他的也是如此，但是一旦他走近，他们就摘下了兜帽，以表明身份。
va	O	麦克举起双手投降，但是哈特知道他哥哥同意他的看法。
va	I	Then decided it didn 't matter , but she opened her mouth to ask .
va	O	阴影落向地板，并且他的眼睛扫视着木头的纹理。
va	I	There was a strange , unsettling gleam in his eyes , and it was too intent , too questioning .
va	O	这种化合物会一直留在那里，直到资金耗尽，并且没有人能记得那个奇怪的目的是什么。
va	I	It was too late , but as my mother lay dying , she finally saw the angel who watched over her .
va	O	卡罗琳没有详细描述那次拜访，但是那似乎进展顺利。
va	O	他们把雅各布、洛根和我的头像贴在那里，供所有人观看。
va	I	I realized I had fallen asleep on the couch , and the front door slammed shut .
va	O	她的脚踝肿得很厉害，袜子都绷紧了，并且深色淤青蔓延到了面料上方。
va	O	我希望你们所有人以及你的丈夫都能过一个愉快的圣诞节。
va	I	The last rays of the sun were filtering through the thinning leaves of the giant trees , and the evening was warm .
va	I	His arm fell to his side and he relaxed .
va	I	There 's no answer , but a minute passes .
va	I	It was the slimy feeling of the water itself that repulsed him , but Andy had difficulty negotiating the slippery rocks .
va	O	我无法改变关于他的真相，但是我 可以继续前进。
va	I	I will not let it rule me , and I am no longer afraid of fear .
va	I	He still reeled at the memory of the gentle , shy way in which she 'd pressed her lips to his and now it was weeks later .
va	I	He didn 't know where he would have seen her before , but she looked vaguely familiar .
va	O	是的，咒语起作用了，但是那没什么了不起的。
va	O	带你去意大利会容易得多，但是我想那将无法与你母亲安排妥当。
va	O	一声脚步响起，并且一个影子逼近。
va	O	纸从他膝上滑落，并且狗跳了起来，然后又蜷缩在他的脚边。
va	O	一辆警车停在路边，并且一个矮小、黑发的女人走了出来。
va	I	I was too , but I knew Logan was hurting .
va	I	I immediately forced them back but tears stung my eyes .
va	I	She didn 't touch him , but Nate was beside her .
va	O	游泳队有十七个人，而且我必须确保我们所有人都到齐了。
va	O	他的技术很好，而且他的反应很快。
va	O	怀亚特的目光落到他的笔记上，并且他身后的男人们紧张地挪动着。
va	I	He propelled himself away from me , stretching full out , his hooves kicking up clods of earth , and his hindquarters bunched .
va	I	I couldn 't tell her not to , but I winced .
va	I	He was disturbed by the horrified look the wizard threw at him , but Hal tried to jerk his leg free .
va	I	She watched it hop along a branch , nodding its head and a red bird in a tree close by caught her eye .
va	O	他们再次成为我的一部分，而且我再也不能丢下他们了。
va	O	伊西斯非常想向那些长期服侍她的女人倾诉，但是莉娜最深的秘密不属于伊西斯可以说出去的。
va	I	He was being rewarded for his talents , but yes , he was still following orders .
va	I	He talks to me about her a lot , but he doesn 't remember much about her because he was only three when she died .
va	I	I run to the end of it where the bathrooms are and the hallway is vacant .
va	O	他待过的地方没有血迹，并且当她看了一眼自己的手时，手上也没有血迹。
va	O	一阵寒颤传遍我的全身，并且我的目光扫视着墙上的其他男人。
va	O	我差不多一年没见到她了，并且我真的很期待和她叙旧。
va	O	我以为你只是暗恋他，但是你真的和他在一起了？
va	O	他让自己的自负蒙蔽了判断，并且现在他的公主正在为此付出代价。
va	I	His voice softened and Donovan sighed again .
va	O	他的嘴唇几乎没动，但是她却听到那些话，仿佛他是在她耳边说的。
va	O	当米兰达滚开时，里德已经被打晕了，并且他的鼻子大量出血，血流到脸颊上。
va	O	码头的薄雾已经将他们抛在了半山腰，但是空气仍然寒冷。
va	O	我保证我们不会妨碍我老板，并且我会把你介绍给我其他的同事。
va	I	They really only hurt , but they were to help others .
va	O	他那短短的金发暴露在外，沐浴着月光，并且那个傻瓜竟然蠢到点了一堆火。
va	I	She knew Emily would do more than grill her , and Hannah had no desire to be grilled about Jack .
va	O	每个人都帮忙把食物摆上桌，并且更多的葡萄酒瓶被打开了。
va	O	那是我能做的全部了，并且这似乎安慰了她。
va	I	I 'd been a failure at it up to that point , and I was preparing for another night of hunting Winkler 's kidnappers .
va	I	She did it all during homework hours , but she wished she had homework to do .
va	I	Then they were only allowed dial-up , and though Glory had an old PC , not all Shifters were approved for Internet access .
va	I	Both had great stories to tell about when they started their own businesses and she was also seated between two gentlemen who were very interesting .
va	I	The hollow eyes peered directly at Earl , and the mouth twisted into an awful laugh .
va	I	Now there 's an empty lot , but it was just there the other day .
va	O	然后文斯踢了我几下肋骨，并且他们一起把我拖了起来，让我面对朱莉娅。
va	I	To restrict is to devalue , and to own is to restrict .
va	O	想到我甚至有身体，这很奇怪，但是它就在那里，刺激着我的大脑以引起注意。
va	I	Adam Lambert 's voice blared through the speakers and mom plugged in her iPod .
va	O	最终我的眼泪止住了，并且我的颤抖平息了。
va	O	因为当她发现真相时，他不仅不想伤害她，而且他希望她能原谅他。
va	O	我不是一个严厉的主人，但是我很严格。
va	I	I think there 's a smudge on his neck , but I don 't see any signs of her dark red lipstick on his face .
va	O	当然它是一种迷信，但是正是这种迷信已经压迫我们的社会数世纪了。
va	I	Forcible confinement was a criminal offence , but apparently he hadn 't known it .
va	O	他又笑了，并且酒窝再次出现了。
va	O	他站在塞巴斯蒂安面前，并且一丝浅笑浮现在他脸上。
va	O	米兰达的胃里一阵翻腾，并且她的双腿几乎发软。
va	I	As I studied them I realized they were not stars at all , but at least I thought they were stars .
va	O	他张开了嘴，但是恐惧让他说不出话来。
va	I	I ran forward , and one of them raised a gun .
va	I	The walls are a sterile white , and White wooden blinds cover the windows .
va	O	康纳能听到警笛声迅速靠近，并且他不知道该怎么做。
va	I	Together we 'd mellowed somewhat , and still , as our relationship had grown , so had my confidence in us , as had Braden 's .
va	O	她已经在这里两天了，并且今天是她真正互动的第一天。
va	O	我试图让我的声音带些得意，但是它因我的疲惫而变得沙哑。
va	I	I knew he was doing that on purpose , and he was so relaxed compared to me .
va	O	玛丽安娜将自己置于他上方，并且他向上猛冲。
va	O	车站里是暴风雨前的宁静，但是很快主要人物就会登场。
va	O	我至少在三十分钟前经过了巴斯托，并且从那时起我只在路上看到过一辆车。
va	O	伊卜拉欣等到守卫走到他们路线的尽头并且背过身去。
va	O	我可能已经警告过肯南，但是我那时也让泽维尔进来了。
va	I	I wondered what they would look like in the sunlight and the moon muted the colors of the flowers that surrounded us .
va	O	他们的影子在山峦的阴影下再次掠过，并且在这个夜晚他们再也没有被看到。
va	O	补习课让她学到了很多，但是她学得越多就越觉得自己需要了解更多。
va	O	他可爱得过了头，并且他个子很高，蓬松的棕色头发从毛线帽里露出来。
va	O	这个公式存在过，并且它奏效了。
va	I	We 'll be off , and let me go wash my face .
va	I	I stood by his side and Arnold walked over to Victor .
va	O	他开始揉我的肩膀，并且我畏缩了一下。
va	I	I knew he understood , and he squeezed my knee .
va	I	A pretty young woman appeared and as I put the last one away the door opened .
va	I	Porsche smiled slightly , and I asked .
va	O	她的双腿在颤抖，并且她的手臂感觉像有千斤重。
va	O	他把他看透了，但是伊森没有让这动摇他。
va	O	他环顾四周，但是太暗了，什么也看不清。
va	I	Mom tapped Shawn playfully , and Jenny left .
va	O	他差点摔倒，但是玖稳住了他。
va	I	Hannah didn 't pass the information along , but Russ was supposed to arrive any minute .
va	I	I don 't remember how to get to his place , and trouble is , it was dark when we drove over .
va	I	She fell back against the table , legs failing her , and Miss Wren screeched .
va	I	She saw Scarlett jogging , and then the scene changed .
va	O	他的眼睛仍然是往常的蓝色，但是没了往日的光彩就认不出来了。
va	I	There was much to prepare for him and the SQA Inspector was due to call .
va	O	我确信这并没有让他感觉好一些，并且这只让我感觉更糟。
va	I	Then she noticed the alert on the screen , but irritated , she reached into the pocket to silence it .
va	O	根据薛定谔的说法，唯一的选择是将意识明显的多样性统一为一，并且问题就解决了。
va	O	它没有，并且他放松了。
va	O	我惊呼了一声，并且他猛地把我拽得失去平衡。
va	O	当然可以忽略他们，但是她不一定想这样做。
va	I	It appeared to go to sleep and its head tilted forward .
va	O	我想回敬一句侮辱的话，但是我的嘴唇却沉重，紧紧地合在一起。
va	I	He didn 't , but she waited for him to ask her why .
va	O	我撒谎了，并且我真的非常非常抱歉，因为我伤害了你，抱歉因为那是一次毫无价值的努力。
va	O	她把他的阴茎从牛仔裤里取出来，并且她口水直流。
va	O	和伊森谈话可能是我的计划，但是他似乎有不同的想法。
va	O	卡西迪买了一包甘草糖，并且奥斯汀把一瓶能量饮料倒进樱桃冰沙里，我们都对此开玩笑。
va	O	空气涌入她的肺部，并且她又能呼吸了。
va	I	Its tail wagging a million miles an hour , and just then the dog came running up to Lauren , her hat in its mouth .
va	O	一片沉重的寂静笼罩着这群人，并且阿莱西娅意识到他们仍然不完全相信她。
va	O	什么是最好的答案，我不是安妮塔，但是我不想为她搞砸这件事。
va	O	彼得回忆说，他的母亲经常呼吸急促，并且她总是很难爬楼梯。
va	O	我们无法为格雷森做任何事，并且他也无能为力。
va	I	Daemon noticed a curious kind of tension in the other man , and Beale hesitated .
va	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to think of the words .
va	I	She snapped at it , and he reached a hand toward her cheek .
va	O	咒语打开了大门，并且任何东西都可以进来。
va	O	克莱尔本会耸耸肩，但是当她甚至只是想到它时，想象中的疼痛就让她畏缩了。
va	O	我不想再吞下更多的咸水，并且我也不想耗费精力试图与她交流。
va	I	The anxiety in my chest makes it too hard to relax , and my brain is jumbled .
va	O	一个吻引出了另一个吻，并且很快他们就沉浸在当下的激情中。
va	I	Man did it do the job , and it sounded like one of those sirens they used in the war .
va	I	She didn 't have a choice , but Cassie approached him cautiously , she didn 't know if she was ready for this .
va	O	她的心率加快并且她走进了他的怀里，让他抱住她。
va	I	My eyes sparkled as I took in my appearance and I had brushed my hair to a shining luster .
va	O	扔一把拼字游戏字母在地板上并且效果也会一样好。
va	O	她转过身面对他，带着一丝苦笑试图幽默但是睫毛上欲坠的泪水破坏了她的努力。
va	I	She didn 't return it , but he smiled when she answered .
va	I	Dan touched her fingertips with his and her fingers poked through a gap in the grating .
va	O	她的目光锁定在我的身上，并且我知道我们俩都在想同一件事。
va	O	船长怒火中烧，并且我知道他正在试图想出下次再发生这种麻烦事时的应对之策。
va	O	当我们等待时，爸爸睡着了，并且我想知道艾琳是不是真的不想见我。
va	O	有人试图把我拉开，但是我们反复地推开他们。
va	I	When she turned back to me she was thoughtful and she peered in the office as if she would find him there .
va	O	因为他们中有两个人有枪，我只有一个选择，并且那就是发动潮汐波。
va	I	It took everything in me to not fall apart at the mere sight of him , and I couldn 't believe he was standing there .
va	I	That 's stopped a lot of hearts from beating , and I used psychic pain on him .
va	O	它随后快速地打开了，并且巴纳巴斯站在门口，被永恒日落的外部光线映衬着。
va	I	She 'd been left reeling , and Cal suspected that had been the first time she 'd experienced violence firsthand .
va	I	She 'd tried to swallow down the hot liquid he gave her , but they were going out for a run shortly .
va	O	他曾想过和别的女人满足他的欲望，但是自从遇见艾瑞后，没有其他人能让他动心。
va	I	The discipline in their ranks was unmistakable , but they rode up in a loose formation .
va	I	My stomach dropped and my heart slammed in my chest .
va	I	Two were bleeding from where she 'd bitten too deep , and her fingernails were short .
va	I	He intended to be there when the door was unlocked , and the business library at Northeastern Illinois opened at ten .
va	O	一扇白色的门在尼尔右边的墙上，并且一扇橙色的门在他对面。
va	O	它一直都在那里，但是现在它正在闪烁红光。
va	I	She moved quickly , getting me to my feet , and Renée pulled forth her magic , shielding us .
va	O	这一次，我却已做好准备，并且我决心与他一战。
va	O	有一阵兴奋的嘈杂谈论声，并且獾回答了。
va	I	Finally he swiped his tongue over her vein and his movements grew gentle , almost sipping at her .
va	O	他们以前挺过了一些严重的感染，而且罗伯特通常像个冠军一样把它们击退。
va	I	There was an air of desperation in her voice , but I could tell she was trying to sound casual .
va	O	这是一个独特的词，但是它无疑源自骑士团的古老语言。
va	I	I could make out several people standing around , but my eyes were not focusing .
va	O	我走出房间，并且所有目光立刻都集中在我身上。
va	I	His breath was heavy and his eyes were wide .
va	O	一周过去了，而且事情进展顺利。
va	O	这绝对是他意料之外的事情，而且他发现自己享受着一种完全不同的胜利感。
va	O	他必须找人发泄，而且里夫和他一样无能为力。
va	O	奥格注意到她眼角有一丝泪水，并且老实说她的粗重呼吸震耳欲聋。
va	I	Once I find Damien , I know that I will be steady again , and I am only floundering .
va	I	Maybe that was for the best and I would never find her .
va	O	又一个浪头向他们猛扑过来，并且他们再次被压入沙底。
va	O	我们有一套两居室，但是他的卧室非常小。
va	O	伸手去抓门把手时，它转动了，并且门开了。
va	O	一想到这里我就脊背发凉，并且我又用力拉扯了他的衬衫一下。
va	O	没有人看到我与那个女人在一起，并且没有任何东西能把我与她的死联系起来。
va	I	If you type a lotta words you get the job and I give you a typing test .
va	O	差不多是午夜了，但是他睡不着。
va	O	我点了点头，并且打了个哈欠。
va	I	I forgot to get them back , and he took care of bringing the keys .
va	I	They have , as it were , the shape of life but they are not alive .
va	I	He cleared his throat , and Alejo 's voice faltered .
va	I	My body feels heavy , as if my legs cannot even hold my weight , and my feet land on the ground with a thud .
va	O	这是一个持续的流动，但是它并不真正属于他。
va	I	I could use whatever I need from their stock and Sheriff Gabe warned that nights would be cold for another two months .
va	O	我重重地摔在地上，仿佛有人猛击了我的头侧，但是没有人碰我。
va	O	又响了一声，并且我猛地坐直了。
va	I	Her stomach tightened like a vice , and Sophie felt the blood drain from her face .
va	O	接着管道里发出低沉的咕噜声，并且温斯顿迅速跑开了。
va	I	Bax walked over to grab it and I inclined my head at it .
va	I	If she didn 't , then he was going in after her , and he 'd give her ten minutes to come to her senses .
va	O	我的名字是阿什·埃文斯，并且埃丹·埃文斯是我的父亲。
va	O	我们拐进一条街，并且灰狗车站就在那里，那是一个繁忙的地方，左边停着三辆闪亮的巴士。
va	O	他变了，并且他改变了她。
va	O	我的手摩擦着他的衣服，发出窸窣声，并且轻柔的音节与雨声混杂在一起。
va	O	他看了看我旁边的杆子，并且我也一样。
va	I	Katherine wondered if she would regret telling her and Taylor got excited again .
va	I	Only at the boom of an explosion that launched the boat Guy was laid in high into the sky , but they did .
va	O	维系我理智的缰绳断了，并且热病以其狂怒灼烧着我。
va	I	There might not and there might be a connection .
va	O	我们走到卧室一半，并且他的嘴巴正从我的脖子向下移动。
va	O	她放开我的手，并且我感到困惑。
va	O	我试图张开手指，但是手杖的旋钮通过其电流附在我的手上。
va	I	People are out in the gardens , digging , planting , transplanting , etc. and warm weather has come .
va	I	I ran upstairs to find a suitable outfit and we reached home .
va	I	She raised her eyebrows , and I looked at Kim .
va	O	他试图集中注意力，但是此刻他根本不在乎课堂。
va	I	His body had other ideas , but behave , he told himself .
va	O	火星上可能是索尔549日，但是这里是任务日687。
va	I	He shook his head and his face grew sad .
va	I	I seem to keep stepping on toes , but I 'm not trying to offend anyone .
va	I	The hockey game had me melting , and the movie had been soooo romantic .
va	I	It was pointless , but I sat in the small chair , fighting sleep , determined to watch .
va	O	我是边走边编的，但是它听起来足够合理。
va	O	他仍然用那个称呼叫她，这本应让她感到受辱，但是她希望他一直那样称呼她，直到他们白发苍苍。
va	I	The wind took her breath across the Plateau , but she opened her mouth to scream his name .
va	I	The weight of it was suddenly crushing , and I 'd failed at even that .
va	O	他很英俊，并且即使我感觉像死了一样，我仍然被他吸引。
va	I	He flipped it open to read a text , and his phone buzzed right then .
va	I	It was dreamy , and her fantasy man had a voice .
va	O	这不完全是童贞，但是这足以让我觉得我可以终生拥有她。
va	O	经过又一小会儿观察，好像有打斗发生，而且Asa也参与其中！
va	I	He 's not a monster , but his actions are sometimes reprehensible .
va	I	Sarah could contain her amazement no longer , and Wadsworth returned with a tray of sweets .
va	O	我接着会在下午做一点园艺工作，并且那应该会让我相当忙碌，直到卡罗琳回家。
va	O	他告诉了她日期，并且卡罗尔把它写在了墙上的日历上。
va	I	It didn 't require psychic abilities , and I swallowed hard , knowing what he was going to say .
va	O	欧内斯特拉着他的胳膊，但是他就是不肯起来。
va	O	斯通先生朝它挥了一下一个表链，并且它打开，露出了一个小型电梯。
va	O	莉莉知道她妈妈有道理，并且也许这让莉莉更生气了。
va	O	在沙滩上找到他们很容易，并且杰克逊看到我时眼睛亮了起来。
va	I	I suppose I can 't really complain , but that 's the problem with untested technology .
va	I	They could duck inside their holes again for safety , and they 'd feel better once the cat was gone .
va	O	戴夫不断被提醒学校缺乏人才，但是他看到了许多来自其他运动的明星运动员。
va	O	她见到他时脸上难掩兴奋，并且她身体里的每一根神经末梢都活跃起来。
va	O	你可能失去了你的家人，但是你拯救了镇上很大一部分人。
va	O	那将会改变，并且那篇报纸文章给了他这个想法。
va	I	Her mouth moved slowly as if the misty form couldn 't keep up with her and her voice sounded as if it were miles away .
va	I	This assured him a more permanent place : the leader after Bhai , and he had always been the one bringing the biggest loot .
va	I	His eyes were glittering like the sun and he was breathing too hard to speak .
va	I	Rosie picked up directly but he was surprised when Tiffany didn 't answer the phone .
va	O	他把我推回去直到我躺在座位上，并且他压在我身上。
va	I	At least it had been brief , but presenting himself to Dorothea had been as unpleasant as usual .
va	I	We will stop them dead in their tracks when they come across our border , but we won 't violate the border of Reindeer Land .
va	O	之后我气得发疯，并且我最终在我父母家砸穿了一堵墙。
va	I	She left my line of sight and the door opened .
va	O	这是一个对她来说很容易做出的决定，但是她看不到执行它的方法。
va	I	He agreed , but he did not want to .
va	I	I do find a large metal grate located on the back wall just feet from where I 'm standing but I don 't find a door .
va	I	He would , and he believed he had to protect her .
va	O	她只和他们进行过几次对话，但是他们看起来是很好的人。
va	O	现在他看着夜空，但是看不到任何星星。
va	O	我渴望拉近我们之间的距离，但是其他地方出了问题。
va	O	他的头向后仰去，但是他不肯。
va	I	You were scared for me and you thought I was going to die !
va	I	That was the only visible sign for Sebastian that he did give attention to his best friend and he squinted his eyes .
va	O	她的眼睛闪烁着光芒，并且脸上带着甜美的笑容。
va	O	我不知道，但是如果自从你离开我之后我的生活能说明什么的话，那么我想我知道答案了。
va	O	她的声音和她本人一样甜美，并且我试图打消我嫉妒的念头。
va	I	You 've no idea how much time may have passed and there is no portal in sight .
va	O	我不再认识他了，但是，我却奇怪地确信他仍然不会伤害我。
va	I	My father laid down his tools , and the young dog breathed easy .
va	O	他穿着典型的迷彩服，并且他的脸画着油彩。
va	O	这张便条非常私人化，并且它是给你的。
va	O	他说，并且她的脸颊微微泛红。
va	I	Some people still clung to the old ways , but the telephone poles were an anachronism in the days of wireless communication .
va	O	她又尝试入睡，但是毫无用处。
va	O	她逃避他的过去太久了，而且今晚这差点要了他们所有人的命。
va	I	The owners had tried to recover the burned places and the shack looked like it had been burned once .
va	O	关于这个理论，有很多支持的说法，但是，我将让我的经验自己说明一切。
va	I	Her desire were there for him to see and she met his gaze , hoping her heart .
va	O	赛门在门的另一边，并且我在争论洗澡的事情，这是我不知多久没做的事情了。
va	I	He can hardly turn his head but he smiles when he sees me .
va	O	我看向他，并且他向我招手示意我下来。
va	O	对着自己的一点奇思妙想而笑，他去取回它，但是他的手在即将握住它时停住了。
va	O	造成这起骇人袭击的五名致命神秘主义者目前正在我们这个谱系中自由地游荡，而且他们可能真的在任何地方。
va	O	他有一名帮忙的护士，并且他们可以处理客人可能遇到的任何小状况。
va	O	看着她扭动的臀部让他再次勃起，并且他调整了一下牛仔裤，感觉自己像个青少年。
va	I	It gets better , but it 's all a little much at first .
va	I	Presses over our already joined hands and Robin 's other hand comes up .
va	I	She couldn 't reverse that one , but she already felt that they 'd made the worst move of all by entering this house .
va	I	The ground seemed to drop another twenty feet out of reach , and I took an uneasy look over the edge of the portico .
va	O	我想起了我附近所有的王国以及我听说过的许多在她控制下的王国。
va	I	I held back , but I wanted to jerk away .
va	I	Then she was falling , falling , landing on Diego 's strength , and she screamed out loud .
va	I	She wanted to see how good he could become , but she probably would have married him no matter what .
va	O	我不够强大，无法阻止他们带走我，并且我也不够强大，无法摆脱这一切。
va	O	通常人们在参加第一场比赛前要训练多年，但是杰克让我走了捷径。
va	O	我紧抿双唇，抿成一条硬线，但是当他再次挠我时，我妥协了。
va	I	I knew that they knew who I was , and I heard a few whispers from behind me .
va	O	你还有时间，并且你会从她那里汲取力量。
va	O	我鳏居多年，膝下无子，并且据我所知，我没有任何在世的亲人。
va	O	利亚姆的哥哥马特今天参加滑板比赛，并且他们迫不及待地想去看。
va	O	她的臀部猛地一抽，并且她的屁股抬了起来。
va	I	Finding a house I really liked would do , and I needed a project .
va	O	他主动提出帮我脱掉七分裤，但是那让我感觉我又快要吐了。
va	O	我的呼吸一滞，并且仅仅是看到她，我的视线就模糊了。
va	O	他猛地向前扑去抓巴斯蒂安，但是为时已晚。
va	I	Bang , there you go and you came up too soon .
va	I	His hand fell away from her shoulder , but Tony said nothing .
va	I	I can still hear him , but my dad 's voice lowers .
va	O	他们真的做到了，并且他们终于安全了。
va	I	This miserable sacrifice amuses me else I would not humor such folly , but be silent , you are lucky I am willing to bargain at all .
va	I	He was insistent , but Mac tried hard to talk the manager out of it .
va	I	It was thinning already -- and it wouldn 't hold them long .
va	I	He ignored it , but the phone beeped again a moment later .
va	I	The pain wouldn 't completely escape her , but she tried to make herself feel numb .
va	I	I gasp , pressing back against him and his thumb just grazes my clit .
va	O	他们中有些人脖子上挂着牌子，但是从这个距离无法辨认。
va	I	The darkness was filled with a soft caressing light but the day had melted into a fine purple darkness .
va	I	She seemed to have disappeared , but I wondered if she would help me get out .
va	I	His face was colder , more like a sculpture , less alive , but still breathtakingly beautiful .
va	I	He kept himself in control , but Owen 's trigger finger twitched .
va	I	The best purveyor of intel in all of Manhattan was digging into his steak right now , and only this time he was hunting out information .
va	I	She followed without even a weak whimper of protest , and he led her down his path of seduction .
va	I	There would 've been more brats than we could feed , or it was probably a good thing most Hunters were kept ignorant .
va	I	That storm will slow their attempt to escape , and the Elementals gave the intruders a backhanded slap .
va	O	我的身体会衰老，但是随着岁月流逝，我的思想会变得更年轻。
va	O	假日（Holiday）的身体在凯莉（Kylie）的手掌下感到如此冰冷，如此了无生气，但是她没有停下。
va	I	You 're just a woman and I 'm a free man .
va	O	她的手掌在他的掌中变得潮湿，并且他用鼻子蹭了蹭她的。
va	O	当我接近顶部时，他与亨利在底部会合，并且两人开始低声交谈，走向楼下主走廊。
va	O	我想要将手指穿过他的，但是我不想吓跑他。
va	O	她面无表情地说，并且他们俩又一次笑了起来。
va	I	Once he 'd dismissed the servants he pulled me against him , clasping his mouth to mine , but he did not pass the details to me .
va	O	我上次的猜测让我感觉好多了，并且我的一天顺利进行，没有任何意外。
va	I	Simon wrestled the gun back and the pygmies howled with laughter .
va	O	她的脸红了，并且她的眼睛闪烁着。
va	O	我半期待能找到霍恩监督我们使用他的飞船，但是我想他不想参与其中。
va	O	我又试了试盖子，并且这次它很容易就提起来了。
va	I	We got to do it now and we got to do something else .
va	I	A triumphant smile curved her crimson lips , and a glittering tiara topped Morgan 's head .
va	I	She hadn 't said a word about her son and he 'd been working with her for a week .
va	O	因为他们说的是苏语，我不知道他们在说什么，但是这似乎是出于好意。
va	O	一层汗珠布满了他的皮肤，并且污浊的空气令他窒息。
va	I	She opened her mouth to him and he licked her lips .
va	O	这个想法让她短暂地笑了笑，但是这种感觉没有持续多久。
va	I	It was clear the man would bleed out , and Blood was everywhere .
va	I	They waited a couple minutes for it to reach their floor , and Garrett veered them toward the elevators .
va	O	现在除了救她的命，什么都不重要了。
va	O	甘的思绪瞬间动摇了，仿佛在两个现实之间闪烁，并且他看到每一个光点都像一只探索的眼睛。
va	O	她找到了我的手，并且我们十指紧扣，一言不发地交谈着。
va	I	It was making me hurt , which was making me pissy and I 'd come into contact with too many chemicals today .
va	I	I could only have it by seeming to obey , but I meant to have my will in the end .
va	O	看了一眼萨迪，他就被迷住了。
va	I	We could see that the relationship between them had become strenuous , but he was still meeting with father , usually in the Temple .
va	O	他的伤口很疼，但是它们不深。
va	O	我不习惯告诉任何人我在做什么，但是放弃莱拉不是一个选择。
va	O	食物看起来很好，但是她的胃口却消失了。
va	I	The little boy turned toward us , and the game on the TV paused .
va	O	杰弗里有一天可能会成为王子，但是他永远不会成为国王。
va	O	你要么完成了你的任务，或者你死在了尝试中。
va	I	I was so game , but I asked ruefully .
va	O	威尔的手紧握我的手臂，并且肯特透过他的双筒望远镜窥视着。
va	O	我走进娱乐室，并且辛西娅白了我一眼。
va	I	I 'm not positive because I can 't see clearly , but I think my eyes are open .
va	O	当清晨的太阳打着哈欠时，它柔和的光芒照亮了他的藏身处，并且他意识到他需要在别人看见他之前离开。
va	I	As far as the vampires of the world were concerned , it was good riddance to bad public relations rubbish , and soon he 'd be ash .
va	O	所有的兴奋都刺激了休眠的枪伤，并且她尽力不再使其恶化。
va	I	He waits , but Hayden doesn 't push me .
va	I	I jumped up , and he started to follow her .
va	I	She 'd better get on with it and she had things to say to him .
va	I	You can be left , as Marcus was , with no idea what to do next and Everything can end suddenly .
va	I	He covered her with the second and Noelle scooted over to where he patted the sleeping bag .
va	O	风力几乎把我吹倒了，并且我纳闷我们怎么起飞。
va	O	苏珊在这里表现最佳，并且他们很快地过了一遍这些变化。
va	I	The tension is so thick you could cut it with a knife , but I 'm not sure at what point things got awkward between us .
va	I	I think I might burn from the heat , and our top lips touch .
va	O	他的乐观令人钦佩，但是一种担忧的感觉仍萦绕在我心头。
va	O	随着野兽的靠近，附近的嘶嘶声越来越响，但是尤斯图斯笑着环顾四周。
va	O	她感激地挽住他的胳膊，并且他们走向出口。
va	I	Valeria tried to clinch , but to start , Lea threw a left uppercut at Valeria 's body .
va	O	我不知道是否有人和她在一起，但是有一扇开着的窗户。
va	I	Flat broke and her last relationship was the reason she was now soaking up the sun .
va	O	那里没有限制，也没有界限，只有鼻子因猎物而颤抖，涌动的肌肉，体液，以及腐朽的气味。
va	I	She decided she simply couldn 't take the risk , but a small part of her wondered if she was overreacting .
va	I	He wasn 't but Doug thought he was helping .
va	I	Chloe lost herself to it completely , and it was even better than their first kiss .
va	I	Honestly I couldn 't help myself , but I asked , knowing it would get me into more trouble .
va	O	她起身站立，并且我抓住了她的手。
va	I	He was doubtful , but the gunslinger nodded .
va	I	Then it was more than she could do to stand , and it took her a moment to struggle from beneath his confining weight .
va	I	He felt himself burn with her , and her skin was hot against his .
va	I	Since I transferred late in the game , I barely made friends , and I kept to myself .
va	O	吸血鬼热情地锻炼着，并且这表现出来了。
va	O	他们说过他们会去寻找她的哥哥，并且他们确实在这样做。
va	I	She looked at me in confusion and her voice was distant .
va	I	It wasn 't but it was morning .
va	O	我需要他在我体内，并且他也需要在那里。
va	I	We hadn 't been there for Dale Graham , but we 'd managed to save one person last night .
va	O	这个男人似乎比他父亲更难对付，并且他从没想过这会可能。
va	I	I took it , setting it next to me and she held a mug out .
va	I	It was there , burning deep in his gut , but he didn 't understand where it had come from .
va	I	They had to land somewhere and they had to come from somewhere .
va	I	Vincent was looking at me with a suggestive look on his face and I snapped back to the present .
va	O	马扬克能感觉到，但是他却无能为力。
va	I	Just before she had fully disappeared , Auron clutched her shoulder and he leaped .
va	I	I cut off the com link , but she starts to respond .
va	O	她不喜欢自己对这个神秘雇主知之甚少，但是她也别无选择。
va	O	他想把她拉入这个时刻，但是她显然还没有准备好接受这样的举动。
va	O	大多数不法之徒都在狼群中被详细讨论过，但是她无法将他的情况与任何被放逐的狼的名字相符。
va	O	他迅速地试了另一根手指，并且仍然什么也没发生。
va	I	At least I wasn 't a shaky mess anymore , but I didn 't feel much better .
va	O	他摇了摇头，并且我看着他。
va	O	她的小手开始沿着我的身体下滑，但是我阻止了她。
va	O	两个女人进了厨房，并且杰米从她的冰箱里拿出了一瓶灰雁伏特加。
va	O	我痴迷于飞碟，但是，我甚至从未见过一张好的照片，因为它们的存在会扰乱电子设备。
va	O	梅尔是我的烟花，我的全部，并且，正因如此，她需要以她惩罚我的方式受到惩罚。
va	I	I 'll be back shortly and I mention that I 'm very hungry .
va	I	Another hovering at his shoulder , and the slender man sat with one shadow poised across the table .
va	O	她的头发看起来是灰色的，但是，这可能是一个错误。
va	O	她抓挠我的背，并且，我感觉到她的身体在我身下颤抖，当她高潮时。
va	I	He remembered who he was -- a Changeling from a hidden world called Fae and Everything seemed to crumble around him .
va	I	He wouldn 't notice , as long as I got the vegetables done and I could probably go to the moon .
va	I	Mitch leaned forward to explain and the waitress brought out their orders of soup .
va	I	She 'd already ducked into the dressing room , but I went to say as much .
va	O	丹妮身上还连着一些管子，但是，她的脸颊已经恢复了血色。
va	I	I broke the kiss , looking down , and I remembered what else happened that night .
va	O	距离托马斯的派对已经一年了，并且，我无法相信我取得了多大的进步。
va	I	Her slender legs in white stockings flashed against the night , and her cloak swirled open to reveal a dove gray gown .
va	O	汉娜环顾四周，希望帕特里克可能在这里，但是，塞尔吉奥是这次拍摄唯一的代表。
va	O	门开了，并且，我抬起头。
va	I	She winked at me , and Aunt Maddy 's dimples deepened .
va	O	她开始告诉他她宁愿要一张床，但是他目光中的饥饿使她沉默了。
va	O	他正在输，并且他知道。
va	I	We won 't give it to her and she wants one thing in this world .
va	O	眼妆如果她化得太频繁就会让她的眼睛肿胀，但是她觉得今晚有必要。
va	I	I will call should I have need , and I know you would come , Gabriel .
va	O	第十八个成员是吸血鬼，但是他不像丹尼斯见过的大多数其他吸血鬼。
va	I	His grip tightened , and his face lost its teasing expression .
va	O	当伊丽莎白对婴儿大惊小怪时，娜塔莉亚立刻邀请她去家里，并且女士们一起离开了。
va	I	This is my thing and she 's my mom .
va	I	The walls around them grew silent , and her breath came in short pants .
va	I	He didn 't care , but he caught the men exchanging quick glances .
va	I	I try to figure out what she 's referring to , and there is something in her voice imploring me to concentrate .
va	O	她在这个孤独的星球上孤身一人，并且她很可能会死在这里。
va	O	她费了很大的劲装出一副好样子，但是她大多数日子都勉强维持生计。
va	I	Someone had planted pink roses all around the house and there was a huge old maple tree in the front yard .
va	O	那个恶魔把我扔了出去，并且我滑到了房间中央。
va	O	丽贝卡能感觉到她的决心在动摇，并且她又努力加强了决心。
va	I	She didn 't really care for him , but she had tried to do her best .
va	O	他哪儿也不想去，并且到明天晚上，与当局的必然交易就达成了。
va	O	我抽动了一下嘴唇，试图把它们掰开，但是它们被束缚在一起。
va	I	My heart went out to him and his voice cracked .
va	I	After her marriage , our lives diverged , but when we 'd been children , we 'd been so close that we were almost one person .
va	O	他用力吻了她，并且她又一次迷失了，在一个欲望的漩涡中天翻地覆。
va	O	当我听说瑞秋喜欢我时，我约她出去，并且我一直约她出去。
va	I	Kenzie had already snatched it up , but I lunged forward to grab it .
va	O	他参差不齐的牙齿沾满了血，并且他的皮肤似乎紧绷在头骨上。
va	O	抓着阿戈斯嘴巴的那双手松开了，并且阿戈斯大口喘着气。
va	O	她的眼睛是一片火海，并且她的头发简直像在噼啪作响地散发着能量。
va	I	There were hidden clues in the flyers posted on various social networks , but the advert had been disguised to look like a regular religious meeting .
va	O	布丽安娜拼命希望她能阻止这种恼人的脸红，但是它却一直涌上来。
va	O	他撑起双肘准备回击，但是却没有任何目标可以瞄准。
va	I	Her legs wouldn 't hold her weight , but she wanted to follow Sebastian to the parking lot .
va	I	We won 't know until we move , but maybe we are in a war zone .
va	I	She 's crazy but I love her .
va	I	I wondered what it meant and I 'd never seen anything like it .
va	I	The living room was empty , but for a moment , I hoped I would find Logan asleep on my couch .
va	O	他的舌头轻轻探索着，并且她颤抖着，她的手臂抬起环抱住他的脖子。
va	O	他内心深处的海盗想被那美景所吸引，但是他内心的炮手却感到失望。
va	O	这声音对他来说是天籁之音，并且他的狼也因她的快乐而振奋起来。
va	O	我可能看起来很冲动，但是实际上我并不是。
va	I	I 'm not sure I understand it , but I love that Van is smiling right now .
va	O	她曾想帮我付钱，但是我拒绝了她太多次，以至于她放弃了。
va	I	No one else , not even Jett , had access to my account , but it was hard to believe that he 'd delete that email .
va	I	She focused on her assailant , still in a daze , and someone shook her .
va	O	她可能不喜欢她父亲把这事抛给她，但是她已经接受了挑战。
va	I	I don 't think she expects me to and I don 't say it back .
va	O	我没料到会那样，但是 我意识到这可能会让接下来的事情比我预想的容易得多。
va	I	Sally sat in the bedroom watching Channel Five and the story was being broadcast live .
va	O	富兰克林正在整理购物清单，并且 格雷格站在他旁边，双臂环抱着他的伴侣。
va	I	V was as manipulative as they came , and just like a woman to work that way .
va	O	现在已经没有退路了，并且 她也真的不想。
va	I	Being extravagant isn 't an option anymore , but the place I 'm living in is a real dive .
va	I	The few rows of stitches he produced were lumpy , but Neil found the basic knitting stitches easy to follow .
va	O	他在一个面板上输入密码，并且 一扇小门打开了。
va	I	His charm would be the key to finding her again and no one would ever believe what he did to her .
va	O	是的，我可能惹麻烦了，但是 我不总是这样吗？
va	O	你为我做了这么多，并且 你本不必如此的。
va	I	She flinched in pain and he captured her mouth with a desperate plea , until he pulled her closer .
va	I	It appeared he was checking out my neck and his head lowered .
va	I	Her heart pumped faster despite her head still railing against it , and he grinned wickedly .
va	I	I slid it over one of the pillows and Dad tossed a pillowcase at me .
va	I	She nodded at Simms when he offered to pour her tea , and Evie said .
va	O	我的两腿之间一片湿润，并且 我想知道他是否能闻到我的气味。
va	I	He rose upon his feet , and one of the smartly dressed men asked .
va	O	她的车更近，并且 她也不会冒被撞的风险。
va	I	Gestures toward the doors to the building , as if the provenance of the concert were in question and he pauses .
va	O	她在月光下仰望着他，并且杰克逊感到内心涌起一股强烈的渴望。
va	I	They were already healed , but he thought he 'd broken a few bones .
va	I	I 'm back to square one where I have nothing more than emptiness to accumulate my life and it was just a dream .
va	O	我的声音哽咽了，并且我开始抽泣。
va	O	西德尼把目光从我身上移开，并且我看到他紧抓着桌上的什么东西。
va	I	Get me out and now finally she had the perfect excuse to put Katie in the driver seat .
va	O	可怜的路易莎，责怪着自己，曾试图播下宽恕的种子，但是我们俩谁也没有让她。
va	I	Not looking at me , but he is waiting for me .
va	O	她正在讲述自己的故事，道出她饱受折磨的生活中每一个残酷的细节，但是人们却一无所知。
va	O	他们又都握了手，交换了名片，并且雅克突然离开了，把名片塞进他翻领口袋里。
va	O	它很痛，并且她畏缩了。
va	O	我的声音仍然沙哑，但是至少我还有声音。
va	I	I needed no urging , but I felt it pulling me .
va	O	我们一贫如洗，并且她生病了。
va	I	They had to get out , and before Michael could answer , the floor dinged arrival .
va	O	艾比确实有钱，但是这没什么大不了的。
va	I	Even tone turned acerbic and Robert 's normally gentle .
va	I	The doors still wouldn 't budge , but there was an almighty bang .
va	I	I had to beat him off her one night with a baseball bat and he took a liking to Trish .
va	O	厨房里传来阵阵美食的香气，并且伊欧娜的肚子咕咕叫起来，她那无法满足的饥饿感又一次抬头了。
va	I	He ran back and several voices answered .
va	I	He was brushing me aside , and I deserved an equal say .
va	I	Her eyes widened and I walked over toward the bed .
va	O	她转身皱眉看着他，但是他却越过她，看着她的肩膀后面。
va	I	They grew more wild over the next two days , and festivities began that same day .
va	I	She just hadn 't been ready to hear it , but Something Ryder had told her before .
va	O	他们做得很好，并且从他们的角度来看，巴斯特友善的披露是令人信服的。
va	O	她没有穿跑步服，并且她的头发也没有扎成马尾。
va	I	He knows it and he 's gorgeous .
va	I	The wind was still and the porch was quiet .
va	O	他的臀部抽动了一下，并且他叫喊出声。
va	O	乔丹太太的声音令人着迷，并且他闻到了她淡淡的香水味。
va	O	她看到一团火焰熊熊燃烧着，并且火焰随后一分为二。
va	I	She had finally derived a logical way to thwart the sound , but most likely , once she realized it , it would start again .
va	O	他忙完时，到处都散落着黄色小纸条，我几乎站不住，并且他的裤子也几乎再也无法束缚住他的勃起了。
va	O	这让说话变成一件苦差事，但是这并不妨碍思考，当你习惯了它的时候。
va	I	They went outside and the trainer attached some weight to Bahl Bazaar legs .
va	I	Her face was pale , but when they stepped away , Mom was smiling .
va	O	我走上台阶，并且达拉从门里出来时与我相遇。
va	O	她看起来像一个习惯发号施令的人，但是在我看来，她把大部分的自信都留在了门外。
va	I	I stepped back and I felt something crawl through my mind .
va	O	也许那个女人的丈夫提早从旅行中回来了，或者有别的事情打断了她。
va	O	每一次打击都让她变得更加兴奋，并且那反过来也激起了我自己的欲望。
va	I	It was a possibility , but she didn 't travel Route 4 on the way home .
va	O	那些话语被黏液弄得模糊不清，但是她还是听懂了。
va	I	Until she remembered more of them , she didn 't want to worry Kat , and several details were still sketchy even to her .
va	O	我现在很难追查到任何给我假学分的人，但是我只是出于习惯。
va	O	也许他只是习惯了她的口音，但是他几乎可以发誓她说话更清楚了。
va	O	有时它是深情的，并且有时它是嘲讽的。
va	O	骑手们没等多久，围栏便滑开了，巨大的闸门也开得足够让马匹通过了。
va	I	I was back to waiting and Gavin locked me in again .
va	O	他告诉自己她不会摔倒并且他们面临的最糟糕的情况是可能与守卫发生冲突。
va	O	我们会去看电影，并且故事情节在屏幕上展开时，他会在某个时候牵住我的手。
va	I	Fish turned back to watch Oksana emerge from the bathroom , and the toilet flushed .
va	I	That annoyed the living hell out of him , and it was a question for which he had no answer .
va	I	Bart immediately saw how beautiful she was but she hadn 't wasted much time on makeup .
va	I	At least she 'd reconciled herself to reality , but it was too late for that .
va	I	We jogged off after them and final y , when the steps of the others had faded into the distance , he tugged my hand .
va	I	An oversized sweater swallowed her body , and her dark hair was swooped up into a sloppy ponytail on top of her head .
va	O	鹅群突然散开，嘎嘎乱叫着，并且乔吠了一声，然后猛地冲下门廊。
va	I	Having his body buried deep within hers but Francesca could think of nothing .
va	O	音乐像监狱暴动一样从扬声器中迸发出来，并且我只能尽力不在这舞池上吐出来。
va	O	道格拉斯·门罗想拿什么就拿什么，想什么时候拿就什么时候拿，并且任何挡他路的人都会被碾压过去。
va	I	We lived in Copenhagen for a few years , but she came from Jutland .
va	I	That 's okay , you 'll pick her up at six , but yes , she lives five counties away .
va	O	我的脸越来越烫，但是他没有停下。
va	I	The feeling was definitely mutual , and I looked at the young woman who called me her best friend .
va	I	She wasn 't considering them into the equation and of course nuclear weapons would cause major damage .
va	O	我不小心用剪刀割伤了自己，并且鲜血从我的小伤口中涌出。
va	I	I reached out to grab it off the nightstand , and ERIC I woke up to the crackling of my radio .
va	I	Steve sighed with relief that she hadn 't fallen , and their breathing was labored .
va	O	她回头看了一眼，但是她的手依然在我身上。
va	O	我跑得很出色，并且我把弗兰克那辆旧福特车开得飞快。
va	O	她抬起头，并且看到他后她露出了笑容。
va	I	It could not be denied that what Cole said was true , but she probably smelled a rat in his comment .
va	I	She snuggled against his chest and her eyes were closed .
va	I	All the hits to my head have made me unsteady , but I 'm trying so hard to push my energy forward .
va	O	她的眼睛哭得通红，但是她看起来还是老样子。
va	O	蜂鸣器响了，并且人群欢呼起来。
va	O	确实，她最不想做的事情就是爱上一个吸血鬼，但是她不会改变这一切。
va	I	He was lost to her , and her soft lilac scent tickled at his nose .
va	I	She walked toward him , locking her arms around his neck and he held his hands out to her .
va	I	I was able to slide back into the driver 's seat within a couple of minutes and for once the clasps weren 't difficult in my grasp .
va	O	没有回应，并且我转向哈林，我的脸颊仍然发热。
va	O	我迅速咽了下去，但是它却一直涌上来。
va	O	我们开车，并且我看着他碰过我的手腕。
va	O	我回到办公室附近，但是瑞奇不在那里。
va	I	You grabbed a Dr. Pepper instead and you told me it was okay .
va	O	她想起她很小的时候，妈妈也做过同样的事情，并且他们的坚持打动了她的心。
va	O	花了很长时间，并且他的心跳漏了几拍。
va	O	中尉见到他们很不高兴，并且他对乔尔光着上身也不满意。
va	I	Nick gathered his things , waiting for the rest of the day to be over with and eventually class was over .
va	I	I couldn 't tell her the truth , and this poor girl was clearly Brianna 's sister .
va	O	她可以整天坐在泳池边，但是她会做任何事来避免下水。
va	I	Chase was eating it up , pulling into himself like oxygen , and they were in a frenzy .
va	I	The need was growing worse but he wasn 't ready to concede yet .
va	I	He didn 't come any closer , and my back straightened in warning .
va	I	He cursed his inattention to such details and a kettle sat empty over cold ashes in the fireplace .
va	O	幸好我不是人类，或者我的指关节就会瘀伤了。
va	I	He 's always the one who nagged us about wearing sunscreen , and he 's hardly ever worn shorts , even at the beach .
va	I	Detective Basso walked me to the door , and we swung out of the car .
va	O	有时候很糟糕，并且有时候，只是尴尬。
va	O	斯凯的手指再次摸向她的脖子，并且他意识到她正在寻找绞索。
va	O	她的眼睛很严肃，并且她的栗色头发在阳光下闪耀。
va	I	She acted like a little kid , but she looked like a mean girl .
va	O	他没有参与那场战争，并且他打算一直保持那样。
va	O	丹尼尔斯先生点点头，并且接着没再多说什么我们就离开了车库。
va	O	她的脸变得僵硬，并且她的嘴唇在她提到儿子的名字时紧绷。
va	O	这批货第二天早上就要发出，并且我们的投资者那天会来，在货物发出前查看一下。
va	O	泰莎正要开口回答，但是他们已经到了客厅。
va	O	我可以，但是那不值得我妈的怒火。
va	O	她累坏了，而且她能闻到自己身上的味道。
va	I	He was , ultimately , Amelie 's friend first , but Claire didn 't think he 'd rat Shane out just because of that .
va	O	他礼貌地对我点点头，但是他的眼睛里却闪烁着一丝邪恶的光芒。
va	I	Not behaving like a schoolgirl and so much for being ancient .
va	O	我对托尼亚·李的遭遇感到震惊，并且我非常努力地不让自己想起她最后的样子。
va	O	思考这些事情很痛苦，但是它帮助我应对。
va	O	她只能怪自己，导致事情变成现在这样。
va	I	Didn 't , as a rule , hang out with psychos and Amanda , unlike her twin sister , wasn 't a lunatic .
va	I	The corners of her mouth curled upward , and she closed her eyes as she chewed .
va	I	She left happy and I explained to her that she couldn 't have had a more positive reading .
va	O	她差点希望她的父母在那里，但是他们还在加德。
va	O	随着薄雾临近，那种末日将至的感觉加深了，并且吕西安努力克制住冲回门内的冲动。
va	I	Making no sound with which he was familiar , but it was another moment entirely before he realized they were the church bells .
va	O	她心里有几件事，但是她需要一些东西来开启对话。
va	O	一旦进入NET，它可能很容易协商，但是从外面看来，它似乎被紧紧锁住了。
va	O	他吻了我，并且我随他去了。
va	O	朱利安一次迈两级台阶，并且朝侧边的服务门走去，宁愿不碰到任何家人。
va	O	她曾谈论过从事公共服务事业，但是四年在国会山后，她厌倦了官僚机构。
va	O	几次精准的挥击后，门就从铰链上掉了下来。
va	O	我能看出她还在哭，但是我知道该怎么办。
va	O	我的膝盖在我身下垮了下来，并且他几乎是漫不经心地抓住我的衣领，把我拖向电梯间。
va	I	His eyes wavered between them , and Garrett 's eyebrows scrunched together .
va	I	Now there is no trace of wind and the sphere of light is almost transparent .
va	O	最后那点是给奶奶的，并且马特嘲笑了自己的笑话。
va	I	He turned his head towards us slightly and Ali 's face began to light up .
va	O	她希望他既然已经得偿所愿就会离开，但是他没有。
va	I	I just screamed all the more , but a strong hand covered my mouth .
va	I	There wasn 't a drop of water in sight , and we were in the bedroom Calliope had kept me in for nine months .
va	I	This had only inspired her mother to go on with it , and their wedding had been hotly opposed in private by her family .
va	I	They saw nothing , but they kept a close eye out for things like the one that had attacked Dee .
va	O	也许他的运气会好转，并且沙恩会在床上。
va	I	His head was spinning profusely , and his whole body was hurting .
va	O	她向我的胃伸出一只枯瘦的手，并且我猛地挣脱了她的抓握。
va	I	I leap to my feet and panic surges in my breast .
va	I	I figured my regular garb would help to dress it down , but the jacket was way more class than I was used to .
va	O	我确实希望它不只是朋友关系，但是目前这就是绝对的真相。
va	O	那个男人准备复仇，但是所有相关人员都拒绝甚至考虑这件事。
va	O	泪水顺着她的脸颊流下，但是她愤怒地擦掉了它们。
va	O	托马斯由于某种原因没想到这一点，但是想到这一点并没有让他感觉更自在。
va	I	I was completely taken aback by the gesture , and in my entire lifetime this had never happened .
va	O	孩子现在正在窒息，并且那个男人正在殴打她。
va	I	Even though he spoke in his lowest tone , his voice boomed , and his heavy brows drew together .
va	O	露比也给她买了一件胸罩，但是她没有穿上。
va	O	我很喜欢她，但是爱的是奥利维亚。
va	I	She wouldn 't dare say that , but actually , Kylie had doubts about Miranda 's protecting abilities .
va	I	I wondered what had made this guy so happy and he smiled the largest smile I 'd ever seen .
va	I	His perception of his surroundings remained effortlessly detailed , but his eyes saw less .
va	I	It was still difficult to let James go , but he knew he was making the right decision .
va	I	She noted that most of the cabins on the narrow street seemed to be closed up , and Brandon drove slowly down the quiet road .
va	I	I wasn 't sure if I would have been able to forgive myself either and what I 'd done was wrong .
va	O	窗户蒙上了雾气，并且雨点倾盆而下。
va	I	I failed , and my only job was to ensure her safety .
va	I	All sip the wine and the glasses clink together .
va	O	陌生人灿烂地笑了，而且即使在黎明前的微光中，他的牙齿在橄榄色的皮肤衬托下也显得洁白。
va	O	审计师倾向于现场工作，而且奥黛丽很少来办公室。
va	O	鲨鱼一开始没有动，并且鲜血从一个巨大的伤口中涌出。
va	I	Then he pulled the meter stick away from her , and as if a battle was raging inside him , his arm trembled .
va	I	A slow smile crept over my face before I could stop it and the rush of the knowledge tipped the emotional scales to my wolf .
va	I	I laughed as we broke apart , and he looped an arm around my waist , practically lifting me up off the ground .
va	O	我就在俱乐部河岸边闲逛，留意着凯尔西，并且我按下了接听键。
va	O	第二天贝克告诉我，如果我不想，就不必做功课，并且他自己开车出去了。
va	I	I knew he meant it , and his eyes glittered with anger .
va	I	I was woken up by a knock on the front door but I wasn 't sure how long it had been .
va	I	She bit down on the words , but she obviously wanted to say more .
va	O	阿曼达负责个人背景调查，并且我心里在为没有阅读她的摘要而自责。
va	O	我知道我们正在上演一场会让母亲的水灾丑闻都相形见绌的戏码，但是我不在乎。
va	I	It was even more of a shock to her but her violent reaction was an obvious shock to him .
va	I	He loved her unpredictability and a pink stripe gleamed in her hair these days .
va	O	劳雷尔正在和她的女儿依偎着，并且她的父母看起来松了一口气。
va	I	The vision , the sounds faded away , and I blinked .
va	O	他搬进了玩具屋，但是玩具家具并非为舒适而设计。
va	I	Trembling all over but his wiry coat covered a heavily muscled body , which was hot .
va	O	他的黑色宝石几乎被抽干了，但是他坚持着，坚持着，坚持着，因为它们漂浮到了黑色的网上。
va	I	I squinted , unable to make out where I was and my vision narrowed .
va	O	不适感爬上了萨姆的脸，并且加勒特退缩了。
va	I	Old crusted blood still clings to it in places , and the rest of his face is battered .
va	I	Jared tightened his grip to keep me on my feet , and when recognition hit that Claire was speaking of my father , my knees buckled .
va	I	Soon all would be destroyed and if that came to pass , the Nomads need only stop the shipments of the precious salt .
va	I	He also had a number of other messages , but he had the inevitable chaser message as expected .
va	I	He 'd never looked twice at her , and she 'd liked Jason Mulroney in middle school .
va	I	Anyone she caught laughing , a stern look , and Penelope gave him .
va	I	She could sense the distrust from the child , the instinctual dislike , and Levana met her stare .
va	O	我不得不接那个电话，但是我感到抱歉。
va	O	她本应该把那当作一个警告，但是她太狂乱了以至于无法理会。
va	O	威尔弯下了身子，并且杰西的笑容更盛了。
va	O	一个熟悉的声音从我们身后传来，并且我们猛地转过身。
va	O	她的睫毛颤动着，并且她的头向后仰去，一声呻吟从她口中逸出。
va	O	卡罗琳得意地笑了，并且仅仅是想到那美味的秋葵汤，她就垂涎欲滴。
va	O	这是一个意想不到的打击，但是我本应该有所准备的。
va	O	我们都出生在彼此相差五年的时间内，赛迪21岁，丹尼尔19岁，而亚历山德拉刚满17岁。
va	I	My heart unexpectedly started pounding and he paused .
va	O	我们的嘴唇在中间某处相连，并且我抓住她的大腿，将她的一条腿弯曲到我身边，同时我摇晃着进入她。
va	O	即使在八月的周末，一名侦探也可能会被从总部叫来，而且没有其他人可能会给她打电话。
va	I	I was convinced she was the prettiest woman in this stadium , and I didn 't think she had a stitch of makeup on .
va	I	I had already pieced together some disturbing scenarios , and my mind had been racing ahead since taking in this fact from Davila 's lecture .
va	O	他站起来，并且她的手臂从他身上落下。
va	O	他的一部分意识坚持认为那是雌性的，但是他在黑暗中没有看到足够多的东西来确定。
va	I	Blood flowed and the fangs retreated .
va	I	The humid air in the room seemed to hang heavier , thick with anticipation , and he went very , very still .
va	I	It was brief but a smile stretched across my face .
va	O	他把他们带到这里，并且还会来更多的人。
va	O	她答应我一切都会好起来，而且她会紧紧地待在我身边。
va	O	他一言不发地走开了，并且这次，麦克没有试图阻止他。
va	I	She was able to see how tortured his eyes were and he raised his head .
va	I	He managed to quell it but the urge was almost overwhelming .
va	O	他的眼睛里闪烁着掠夺性的光芒，并且他坐了起来，向我倾身。
va	I	His brown eyes watched her , and his graying hair was swept to the side of his tall forehead .
va	O	他的嘴唇碰到了我的嘴唇，并且他把舌头伸了进去。
va	I	It was hard to tell for certain , but I think it had been a man .
va	O	他无法相信德夫林会对她做出那种事，并且他也绝没有想到他会威胁要绑架埃洛伊丝。
va	O	他很喜欢《圣女贞德的激情》，并且我们经常看这部电影。
va	O	我的手垂到了身体两侧，并且我不高兴地把刘海从脸上吹开。
va	O	记者显得有些失望，但是她理解地点了点头。
va	O	他挥动缰绳，并且马匹向前驶入渐浓的暮色中。
va	O	他把大部分安静的上午时间花在了写信上，并且他自己打字完成了它。
va	O	他变得极其苍白，非常虚弱，并且出血也不会停止。
va	O	玛吉笑了，但是声音里却完全没有幽默感。
va	O	当他们一起站在下面时，一道微弱的光出现了，并且对他们说话的声音非常轻柔。
va	I	The sight of other people crying always brought tears to her own eyes , but she didn 't know why .
va	I	His life , only the tempestuous , delirious time with her or he 'd woken up remembering nothing about himself .
va	O	肿块慢慢消失了，并且火车站开始为夜晚做准备。
va	O	我看向他，并且他露出了那完美的笑容。
va	I	He 'd been especially irritable at the diner , but he was always short-tempered when Cain was around .
va	I	Marshall is getting into his car , and before I know it , we 're in the teacher 's parking lot .
va	O	当他再次面对我时，他的眼睛闪烁着光芒，并且我用手抚过他的头发。
va	I	She recognized it so and he said it kindly .
va	I	He 'll bring you to the house and I 'll be checking in by phone .
va	I	This little bastard was pumping my hand like I was some big wheel but I wanted to say more .
va	O	她再次走开他，并且这次他让她走了。
va	O	楼上的警察正在审问他想要的那个女人……，但是他无法去想那些。
va	O	我*想*后退，但是我没有停止推门。
va	I	He knew it was necessary , but she could tell he didn 't like the idea .
va	O	你最好不要对威尔士人说任何不恰当的话，否则你会后悔的。
va	O	她的头晕目眩，而且她感觉好像被人打了一拳肚子。
va	I	The whole bar erupted in applause , and someone clapped when he did a little dance move , right up on stage in front of everyone .
va	I	He kissed her passionately , and his lips sought her mouth .
va	O	我很高兴见到亚当，而且那肯定比回避要好。
va	O	她的剑牢牢地绑在肩上，而且她纤细的镣铐塞在身后的腰带里。
va	O	战斗正在蔓延到整个房间，而且我不得不躲开别人扔过来的一把椅子。
va	I	That marks us out for destruction , and these men are our Hope .
va	I	He kept his end of the agreement , but the complicity brought a smile to Arin .
va	I	It was a terrible wound , but brownies are a tough lot .
va	O	他的脚边有一个睡袋，而且他们的科尔曼炉具在几码之外。
va	O	维克多知道玩牌是违法的，但是惩罚肯定不是死刑。
va	I	She would not let him have her , but she didn 't know how it would happen .
va	I	I know that I would need a rest , but not that I was going to quit anytime .
va	O	有一扇巨大的黑色铁门，上面有尖刺闪烁着绿色火焰，但是那并不是让我开始感到恐慌的原因。
va	O	它直接打在他的脸上，并且这让他自己翻滚了好几圈。
va	O	他不太喜欢自己的行程被检查，但是他现在不能再掀起任何波澜。
va	O	他的牙齿太整齐了，并且他的姿势也太完美了。
va	I	She kind of knocked him down but Justin tried to catch the woman .
va	I	They were the versions meant for human ears , but I 'd shared some general ideas with Frannie .
va	O	回到办公室后我继续喝水，并且到了下午早些时候我又感觉好起来了。
va	O	她开始侧身翻滚，想移开，但是我把手臂放在她旁边，这样她就不能走得太远。
va	I	When I don 't , he clears his throat , and he waits for me to reply .
va	O	康纳看着他，并且伊恩摇了摇头。
va	I	On the other side , the figures of dancing students , and I could still see Nuala , a dark form in the voracious flames .
va	I	I built a fire , and we went into a nearby grove of trees .
va	I	It wasn 't happening now , but they 'd have to talk .
va	I	I smiled , and he listed a few reasons why that was impossible .
va	O	他合拢双手，并且她也做了同样的事情。
va	I	The driver of the SUV kept pace with me , but I accelerated until I was going ten over the speed limit .
va	O	他的朋友们都在这里，是天父的馈赠，而且现在他们正用祈祷将他举向天堂的殿堂。
va	I	I didn 't dare , but I wanted to run a hand over him .
va	I	I couldn 't take the silence anymore , and several minutes passed .
va	O	鲜血顺着布里姆的脸颊流下，而且塞巴斯蒂安的脸侧也有一道长长的红色伤痕。
va	O	这是一个巨大的地方，而且很高兴看到爸爸工作的地方。
va	O	有些东西在引导我去公园，而且我乐于让事情在那里发生。
va	I	I bet you weren 't the first time , but you could have been very careful on this last occasion .
va	I	Ted had certain advantages as well , but Joe would be tough to kill .
va	I	As I picked them up , James knelt beside me to help , and a few of the sticks I 'd gathered fell to the ground .
va	O	我是个傻瓜，而且我为此付出了代价。
va	O	可能需要五分钟，或者可能需要一个小时。
va	O	精灵第二次伸手要打我，但是我已厌倦了这场表演。
va	I	The surface was brushed instead of polished and it was about ten feet in diameter .
va	O	他的头脑很清醒，但是他感觉虚弱不堪。
va	I	I could see nothing inside , but he could look out .
va	I	The sky was splashed with thin feathery clouds , and it was quite a sunny day .
va	I	None admitted to knowing where she was , but the next day he approached the staff .
va	I	At last she followed his gaze to the four of them , and the general stopped .
va	I	There was still a good chance she 'd never see it in the mess , but he 'd placed it in a prominent spot .
va	I	She died , and she asked .
va	O	她看不见马布里，但是凯特知道他耸了耸肩。
va	I	It was somehow leaked , but he was not supposed to have this knowledge .
va	O	他做了一个鬼脸，但是他仍然接了。
va	I	His eyes filled with emotion and I watched as he thought .
va	I	He 'd never force her but he 'd wanted her to leave the city .
va	O	米勒可能看起来像个街头流浪汉，但是他对如何保持这个地方一丝不苟。
va	I	The police couldn 't prove it , but he did know the name .
va	O	她的眼睛显示了她的感受，并且她不像大多数人那样害怕。
va	O	吉姆清亮的声音让她的心充满了温暖，但是这对她的脚没有任何作用。
va	O	我在科罗拉多住了五年，但是在那之前，我在一个地方住的最长时间是四个月。
va	O	我和J睡了，并且我甚至都不知道！
va	I	My legs wobbled like jello and I stood up .
va	O	他笑着走开了，并且我脸红地转过身，接着便开始收集更多的树枝。
va	O	马克斯说，但是那是一个问题而不是一个陈述。
va	O	那几乎就像她偶尔非法体验过的愉悦浪潮，但是从另一方面来说，它感觉像是羽毛般的翅膀在她体内搔痒。
va	O	他从来都不是一个会乞求任何东西的人，然而她却总能在他们每次在一起时将他贬低到这种地步。
va	I	The air is sucked from my lungs , but I open my mouth to scream again .
va	I	He began to wonder if they were on the same topic and lukas looked at the excited expression on Nemesis ' face .
va	I	Her belief that Cynthia should be driven away was clear , but I don 't know why she was comparing Finn to prey .
va	O	它像所有法国产品一样是个垃圾，但是它很便宜。
va	I	When she felt his warmth flood her , she was still in bliss , and his movements , his obvious desperation , prolonged her pleasure .
va	O	我的心跳加速，然而我却感到羞耻，因为在如此多的利害攸关之际，我们竟然在这里停下来接吻。
va	O	我的眼睛睁开，并且我看着肖恩。
va	I	His eyes are glinting with malice as he closes in on me , leaning forward into my face and his smile is derisive .
va	I	The events of the previous evening flooded my memory , and I realized I was on the couch in the living area of the hotel suite .
va	I	The exposed end lit up and she snapped her fingers again .
va	I	They said so , and they saw wonders .
va	O	闪光灯继续闪烁，并且相机咔嚓作响。
va	O	我们做了很久的朋友，而且在我需要人的时候她都在场。
va	I	She let him and Julia knew he was trying to distract her .
va	O	山姆笑了，并且我努力了。
va	O	艾比在墨尔本，并且他在悉尼。
va	O	托马斯又盯着安娜看了几秒钟，并且安娜等着看是否还有什么话要说。
va	O	月光笼罩着她的脸，但是他立刻认出了她。
va	I	I fell backward , and he yanked hard .
va	I	I tried to control it and I felt my body shake .
va	O	我们的队伍三年内首次进入季后赛，并且作为情迷猫咪队的队长，那本该让我欣喜若狂。
va	O	房间里安静下来，并且所有的目光都投向了娜丁·罗素。
va	O	他会想出办法的，想出解决之道，但是他必须知道发生了什么。
va	O	相信我，他们担任大使，并且他们在礼仪上不会犯错。
va	O	他踩得有点太用力，并且CD碟跳了，因为桌面在他的脚下颤动着。
va	I	The magic flowed freely and it was all allowed .
va	I	They studied the pile of branches on the floor and lacy backed out of the tree .
va	O	我举起了那根杠子，并且用力一推，我把它捅进了他喉咙窝的软处。
va	O	我到这里已经一个多月了，并且我一点儿都不会说这种语言。
va	I	It seems you have as well and I have enjoyed our correspondence immensely .
va	I	Anger flickered across his features , but Thayer let out a laugh .
va	I	During that time , I 'd dreamed nonstop about the land , and the longest I 'd gone without was about a month .
va	I	It might not have had anything to do with how he acted while undercover , but I don 't know what happened in your uncle 's situation .
va	O	你拥有一颗战士般的心，而且我为你感到无比自豪。
va	O	她不是克劳迪娅，并且我刚杀死的这个女孩也不是。
va	O	我在家乡从未参加过学校的篮球比赛，但是我很怀疑那里的观众是否会如此包容。
va	O	这猛烈的一击让我上气不接下气，并且我在恢复理智时挣扎着呼吸。
va	I	It was really starting to bother her now and she couldn 't put her finger on her wariness .
va	I	There is always a scar , but now Josie knew she kept them to remind her that broken things can be mended .
va	O	现在轮到埃里克森了，而且卡斯蒂利亚认为他已经赢得了这个机会。
va	O	我的世界正在改变，并且我意识到自己想要感到安全的愿望只是童年幻想。
va	I	Nothing was there , but his hand was on her throat , trying to feel for a pulse .
va	O	我感到很冷，但是我认为这只是图书馆大部分时间都开着的空调造成的。
va	I	His weight bore down on him , pinning him firmly to the floor , but Jason tried to force Adam off him .
va	O	他已经软化了她的防线，但是真正赢得她的芳心需要一种他所不习惯的不同寻常的方式。
va	O	你和我一样清楚流言蜚语有多容易滋生流言蜚语，并且当它一旦被点燃，就会向四面八方传播开来。
va	I	Everything is still around us and we take off .
va	O	她的抚摸加快了，似乎是在鼓励他，并且她听到他屏住了呼吸。
va	I	The world exploded and his tongue plunged into my mouth .
va	O	不管怎样，当地人给了我一条关于林迪斯法恩杀人案的线索，并且这似乎很吻合。
va	O	是的，事情很糟糕，但是我还会再经历这一切，如果我不得不的话。
va	O	所以我不知道这对你而言在惩罚方面意味着什么，但是你应该再和他们谈谈。
va	I	Alix opened her eyes to look at him , and his voice fell .
va	O	她的身边传来一声闷响，并且艾萨克伸手去够她的脚。
va	I	When gunfire was heard extra attention was given to the matter but Crime never took a holiday .
va	O	我不定期地去办公室，但是我甚至连被分配的简单任务都很难集中精力。
va	O	它恢复了生机，并且我重读了行程单。
va	I	He knew it , and her injuries had healed .
va	O	那是一场糟糕的分手，而且我们才在一起一个月。
va	I	Obviously giving up control freaked her out , and she hadn 't been intimate with a man since the fire .
va	O	我抬头看，并且果然伊莱正盯着我。
va	I	We fight for it and we defend our home .
va	O	他的眼睛看起来很疲惫，并且他的姿势变得松弛了。
va	O	它们正在模糊我的思绪，而且我不知道如何阻止它。
va	I	He blushed while Simon chuckled , and Logan 's stomach growled noticeably then .
va	O	罗斯把手放在我的后腰上，并且直到那时我才意识到自己向前迈了一步。
va	O	这样对他有那种感觉很奇怪，但是壕沟生活的环境对人就是有那种影响。
va	O	艾比用手掌抚平了大卫发热的额头，并且他又安稳地睡着了。
va	O	三个扑向了我，并且我把木桩捅进了最近的一个，同时另一个踢了我的头。
va	I	He thrust his tongue inside , taking all the Chocolate Fudge Brownie he desired and he teased the seam of her closed lips until she opened .
va	I	Her skin was flushed with heat , and when he finally made himself pull back , her big eyes had already gone hazy again with desire .
va	O	我慢慢地摇了摇头，并且他明白了我的意思。
va	I	The time had dragged because I missed him so much , but we had only been apart for a couple of weeks .
va	I	I should have died in that fire , and I could hear it telling me that everything I am is evil .
va	O	我并没有吓得发抖，但是他还是让我三思了。
va	O	我见到他的那一刻，就被他深深吸引了，但是即使如此，我还是不喜欢他。
va	O	我不知道如何让以前重要的事情再次变得重要，并且我害怕我永远都做不到。
va	O	爸爸把车停在了一个车库里，并且我们下车了。
va	I	Only the poison blood can kill her , but the Mortal Dagger will dispel her power .
va	O	鲜血从我颈部的伤口涌出，溅落在地板上，但是我不在乎。
va	I	It 's impossible , but I tell myself .
va	O	我以为那是不可能的，但是它就在那里。
va	I	He glanced around for somewhere to hide , and they hadn 't noticed him yet .
va	I	It sounds accusatory , and this comes from Bob .
va	I	He stretched lazily , and he felt the instant surge of heat racing through his own body in answer .
va	O	我能从他正式的语气中判断出他身边要么有人，或者严密监视着他。
va	O	我筋疲力尽，但是睡眠却难以降临。
va	O	她从未和如此硕大的人在一起过，并且她花了一点时间来适应他的尺寸。
va	I	She didn 't try to pull away , and I still had her hand in mine .
va	I	Archimedes turned and Tony strolled in .
va	I	It would benefit mightily , although Dean wondered how many of the guests actually cared about music , and Tonight 's charity was the opera .
va	I	Doing so did her little good , but she quickly rifled through it .
va	O	他依然在微笑，但是却是他的眼睛出卖了他。
va	I	I guess her parents were horrified at their daughter 's indiscretions and my father had deserted her in the middle of the pregnancy .
va	O	她很擅长使用吸尘器，但是我猜她会跳过掸灰。
va	I	She was lost to him ... and one touch , one kiss .
va	O	它是空的，并且房间是暗的。
va	I	Several people start shushing everyone and eventually the music is turned down .
va	O	许多兽人已经倒下，但是足足两百个还剩下。
va	O	从来没有任何事情是讲得通的，而且可能永远也不会。
va	I	Hartley 's lips curled in a shy smile and his words seemed to flow more easily now .
va	O	我渴望与亚历山大分享这个地下俱乐部，但是一个充满嗜血吸血鬼的文化正是亚历山大在罗马尼亚留下的。
va	I	Everything turned to darkness for only a split second before a light shattered it to pieces , and my questioned went unanswered as my eyes grew heavy .
va	I	That was just one possible window out of this existence but it gave the illusion of flying high in the sky .
va	I	I know this is going to go badly and he asks .
va	I	She said nothing , but Ella 's eyes narrowed .
va	I	Austin stopped in her tracks , and it was followed by something that sounded like a stick snapping .
va	O	他宣布效忠国王，但是战后他被迫宣誓效忠议会。
va	I	Married women remain attractive through the years , and it 's just that times have changed .
va	O	罗斯意识到验尸官的人在炫耀，而且这让她很恼火。
va	O	最初几秒什么也没发生，但是接着他的舌头开始舔食那些还在空中的水滴。
va	O	专注于她的盘中餐使她能够逃离现实，并且她充分利用了这一点。
va	I	After that he kept his emotional breakdowns to a minimum , and they put him in solitary confinement for a little while .
va	I	She couldn 't hear me but I yelled again for Meagan .
va	O	她的笑容褪去，而且她的眼神变得柔和。
va	I	She bucked me off before I could sever it entirely but the knife bit deep .
va	O	我所说的一切对我来说似乎都合乎逻辑，但是我的声音感觉有点失控。
va	O	我满怀期待地抓向它，并且随即在看到那个数字时停了下来。
va	O	我感到他的嘴张开了，并且他把舌头滑进了我的嘴里。
va	O	盖奇前一晚和达克莎共进晚餐，并且他们已经仔细检查了亨特的整个例行公事。
va	O	她的父亲可能没有像娜塔莎的父亲那样去世，但是她依然想念他。
va	I	He hadn 't really chosen to be with her even then , and Matt had been with Stephanie only that one night , when they were sixteen .
va	O	亨利花了一点时间思考如何反驳她，并且当他想到时，他知道自己抱持着虚假的希望。
va	I	His secretary wasn 't sure where he could be reached and Jackson wasn 't at his own office .
va	I	His eyes showed no emotion and his face was completely expressionless .
va	I	He left the fires of southeast France for the fires of home , and he sat from exhaustion , from 5,000 miles , from twelve hours .
va	O	他当时正在为杰西卡悲伤，并且在悲伤之中，他的思绪却飘向了另一个女人。
va	I	There was nothing blank in her face now , and she was wearing one of her Hecate Hall blue suits .
va	I	He had to get it right , and this was the big game .
va	I	Max lay down , resting his head on his paws , and he collapsed on the glider next to her .
va	O	它最终消失在低矮的常绿植物丛中，但是它消失之前，记者能够辨认出这辆车。
va	I	I slip into it and he holds it out .
va	O	他不知道他期望一个狼人的家会是什么样子，但是这并不是。
va	I	I ' got ' him , on average , once a week , but he never fell for it twice in an evening .
va	O	内维尔作为一个学者，经常接触诗人，但是他总是小心地在事后洗手。
va	I	Lying on the ground seemed like a good idea , and I was tired .
va	I	He eagerly allowed me into his mouth , and neither of us took the kiss slow .
va	I	She gave it , and his tongue quested for entrance .
va	O	就在那时，一个声音叫住了大卫，并且他停下来和那个年轻女人说话，她是他一个学生的妻子。
va	I	Haymitch chuckles , but Plutarch looks offended .
va	O	他去找了他的狼，并且那只狼咬掉了两个刚谋杀自己妻子的吸血鬼的头。
va	O	他退了一步，并且现在他看起来很困惑。
va	O	她需要意识到，在迈尔斯的一个周六，那个日程表上除了无名小卒就没有别人了。
va	I	Walt beat her to it , but Tanya was pondering a reply .
va	I	Most are close to joining our ranks , and they are few .
va	O	马克斯不是亨伯特·亨伯特，而且我不是他的洛丽塔。
va	I	After that they were on their own financially , and July would be their last attempt .
va	I	It seems to boost his too and my mood perks up .
va	O	我并不是特别想吃我们在这里找到的任何东西，但是我们不能拒绝额外的食物。
va	I	They 're going to find us together and Police is surely searching you now !
va	O	泰特确信她以前见过几乎一模一样的东西，而且突然间那幅画面在她脑海中清晰起来。
va	I	There you have it , but it sounded ridiculous to me now , too .
va	O	他的长指交叉放在胸前，并且一个栗色天鹅绒枕头垫在他的头下。
va	O	我们玩得很友好，但是他一直推。
va	I	She can be a snotty little twit when she remembers to work at it , but the girl 's all right .
va	O	他的眼睛闪过野猫般的白色，并且他再次长久地看了迭戈一眼。
va	I	I can see right into the living room and the curtain 's falling down on one side .
va	O	他的喉结跳动了一次，两次，并且他的手再次摸到了艾比的腿。
va	I	She 's still crying , but she nods .
va	I	She looked more beautiful each day , and her beauty had grown with age .
va	O	希尔弗走进去了，并且肯正要跟着进去。
va	I	The incident in Paris had come to weigh heavily on his shoulders but the young officer had always shown a great deal of potential .
va	I	It 's common that they are , but they aren 't always long range .
va	I	She liked hearing it , but she knew he really didn 't have the ability to keep that promise .
va	O	我们已经绕了一圈，而且现在我们站在海岸上。
va	O	他们很害怕，而且他们也理应如此。
va	O	听起来不对劲，然而我没有证据反驳。
va	I	Now I was the one in control and I had taken what I wanted .
va	I	A few seconds later it hit the pile of rocks straight on and the rocket went forward !
va	I	Deep laughter filled the car , and the driver tilted his head .
va	I	A more formal command hierarchy would be demanded from the officers of the fleet and it would not be long before his reign would be questioned .
va	O	大部分喷涂的文字看起来很潦草，但是有几个被专业地绘制成闪亮的金属字母。
va	O	她不明白他为什么对她有如此强大的掌控，但是她无法让自己反抗。
va	I	His arm is scraped raw and his eye is so engorged it blends in with his face .
va	I	He was juvenile enough to find that hilarious , but none of us had even read them .
va	I	Miranda wouldn 't have it but I would have been happy to join the mass numbers on the sand .
va	O	我不喜欢鬼魂，并且我也不喜欢精灵。
va	O	骚动平息了，并且其他人回到了墙边，射出光球。
va	I	This was what he lived for , but Grey was on his night off .
va	I	He was separated from them , protected from their crippling effects , but those emotions were still there .
va	I	He couldn 't fathom from where but Horace thought he recognised the name .
va	O	没有太多其他吻值得一提，但是这个吻似乎让她措手不及。
va	I	I roll my eyes , and he smiles at me .
va	O	她举起了手，并且我用我的手掌与她的相碰。
va	O	麦克确信那里某个地方有个关于披萨的笑话，但是他当时想不起来。
va	O	她有事情要考虑，并且她需要不受干扰地思考。
va	I	I 'd be dead , or she didn 't hit any major organs .
va	O	鲍勃不准备争辩，但是为了他自己的心安，他需要得到安慰。
va	O	海尔赛被从衣橱里放了出来，并且男人们悄悄地溜进了车棚。
va	I	The reverse was never true , but it seemed like she was always there for Sam .
va	I	He 'd managed to save most of it , and he had , however , been paid well for his skills .
va	O	他的笑容太过知情，并且克莱尔因为被撞见而脸红了。
va	O	当然，他们时不时会因为一些蠢事争吵，但是他们从不带着怒气上床睡觉。
va	O	他能听到有脚步声朝他们跑来，但是他们就在和咖啡馆同一条街上。
va	O	拉丝蒂很快就谴责伊芙抛弃了她的兄弟姐妹，但是这实际上是伊芙的一个无私之举。
va	I	A couple of his teeth were missing , and he looked as if he were smuggling golf balls under his eyelids .
va	I	The day was declining and the evening was strengthening .
va	O	朱莉觉得呼吸一些新鲜空气是个好主意，所以她去了后院。
va	I	Matthew saw this as a bad sign and he was obviously peeved by her condemnation .
va	I	I envied him and he wore a full-body smile .
va	O	我为冒犯她而道歉，并且我告诉了她我的名字。
va	O	我会审查它，并且然后伊丽莎白可以仔细查看它。
va	I	He must 've taken pity on me because he left them behind , but I expected Nicolai to remove my books .
va	I	I didn 't see Roth , but I scanned the loft again .
va	I	We headed north , and Max seemed convinced .
va	O	这是一个盛大的夜晚，并且大厅里弥漫着激动而期待的感觉。
va	I	His tone seemed a trifle less certain , and he still refused to look at her .
va	O	他仿佛透过她的眼睛看到了这一切，并且他知道那是很久以前的事了。
va	I	It was heavenly and I took a bite .
va	I	I 'll believe and you tell me that there 's an answer .
va	I	Both of them turned at the sound , and from a tree bordering the corral came the sound of an owl calling from a low-hanging branch .
va	I	I 'm quick to shake her parents hands , and we clear the table .
va	O	乔希递给我他从杂货店带来的袋子，但是它感觉比我预期的要小得多。
va	O	它不是崭新的，并且它也不是旧的。
va	O	时候到了，并且他回到了门口，准备接受即将降临的一切。
va	O	他看着我，并且我们都看着地上的粉笔线。
va	I	You can use it for something , or you can let your anger destroy you .
va	O	我淌水走出足够远，直到我的体重变得轻盈，并且我能轻松地单脚站立。
va	O	然而没有人幸免，并且没有人怀疑。
va	O	一声窒息的声音从我唇间逸出，并且黑点出现在我的视线中。
va	O	她知道他是对的，但是她对这个想法感到抗拒。
va	I	The smell of rain was in the air , and II The sky was white , perfectly white .
va	I	She asked for a ride to the hospital and it was difficult to see anything now .
va	O	我张开嘴，但是却没有发出任何声音。
va	O	格雷戈尔捕捉到他们谈话的片段，但是听到的内容却毫无意义。
va	I	They stepped out onto a slate patio with a view over a formal rose garden and Simon opened a pair of French doors .
va	I	He rolls his eyes around so he can look up at me without lifting his head and I say to him .
va	O	一把剑防守，并且另一把剑攻击。
va	O	这种说法很常见，但是她是真心实意的。
va	O	他在我们的医院住了大约两个月，并且他们变得非常亲密，实际上是相爱了。
va	O	我们在那里一起呼吸了一会儿，而且我能看到我的呼吸在月光中。
va	O	你的选择是雷古勒斯的®选择，并且我为此尊敬你。
va	I	The tips of arrows were sticking up from their chests , yet the soldiers from the other night had their eyes closed .
va	O	他抓起她所有的三个沉重的包，并且她提着她的钱包跟在后面。
va	I	He nodded curtly before teleporting away and Jacob waved to one of his men .
va	O	直到那一刻我都没有想过它，但是他是绝对正确的。
va	I	I couldn 't let him know that , but Returning was harder than I 'd imagined .
va	O	凯伦仍然听不懂那些话，但是她知道她的母亲很害怕。
va	O	那是一个凉爽的夜晚，而且空气拂过她的脸庞，带来一丝解脱。
va	I	He shook as the horrible images replayed in his mind , and the memories of what he had seen rushed over him .
va	O	他的勃起在我的口中如同丝绸般的钢铁，并且我陶醉于他对我的爱抚产生的无法控制的反应。
va	O	我真诚地怀疑这一点，但是他可能有理由猜测它可能在这里。
va	O	他在提出正确问题方面同样熟练，并且他轻松地投入了侦探工作。
va	O	埃文在车库门旁等着，并且他警告我们要保持安静。
va	I	She noticed that the gleam of humor was missing from his eyes , and he glanced up .
va	O	如果你的名字被说出并且铃铛形成，成功就会到来。
va	I	Exploited her many hidden charms and what a formidable woman she would become when she accepted .
va	I	She spun away and Karen felt his fingers loosen .
va	I	She wasn 't wearing a dress , but it was a young woman instead .
va	I	I returned to the shelves and he returned to his papers .
va	I	Kenny was able to see a gun pointed at him and suddenly she put the light behind her back .
va	I	He remembered he no longer held the Medallion of Unwind , and an attack from the Arch Mage was logical .
va	I	I could fry any one of my new friends , and one wrong move .
va	O	她自己有一些钱，并且她不得不把钱花在她两个女儿身上。
va	I	There was nothing Beau could do about it and the man would be dead in a moment .
va	O	她盯着他伸出的手，仿佛那是一只剧毒的千足虫，并且他踉跄后退，差点被推车上的金属轮子绊倒。
va	I	He did not get off with her , but Hart assisted her across to the bank .
va	I	He felt every protective instinct in him come roaring to the surface and she looked childlike .
va	I	The lines around his eyes deepened , as did the furrow between his brows , and his gaze crawled over my face .
va	I	Like a warm blanket , I was comforted by the memories ; but I missed my mom terribly , gone so young .
va	I	I could feel him trembling , but he gripped my shoulder with his hand , as though trying to reassure me .
va	I	Alvin never did either , and I don 't think my CO ever forgave me .
va	I	Asta flew back , hitting the wal hard and she flicked the fingers of her left hand .
va	I	He doubted the military would accept him into their ranks , even if he would never actually see battle , but that seemed very exciting .
va	O	他的手向下移到他臀部两侧，并且他拉了更多系带，使他的皮毛在他的腰部松开。
va	I	Lucas would have insisted they marry and she would have still been pregnant .
va	O	我试图做其他事情，但是我的胃开始咕咕叫了。
va	I	He knew it , and his authority only stretched so far in her eyes , which wasn 't much .
va	I	I wanted to sigh in relief , and cool water soaked into my tongue .
va	O	她想起了霍克在他似乎已经忘记她的时候是如何打发时间的，并且一丝疑虑再次袭来。
va	I	They hugged until Mary regained her composure and Dave 's wrapped his arms around her .
va	O	迭戈想抚摸她的头发，告诉她他会照顾她，她会没事的。
va	O	停在她那辆实用的轿车旁边的是一辆火红的科迈罗，并且靠在它旁边的是一个看起来更火辣的贾斯汀·雅各布斯。
va	O	她一直把它们带在身边，但是时机来了，她需要扩大她对帝国的掌控。
va	I	I looked away and he called to someone .
va	I	It was hard to be enthusiastic about anything , but I tried to be happy about seeing Dad .
va	O	我必须说出来才能让它发生，但是我还有很多没试过的。
va	I	Provided the kind of support every writer deserves to have , and you have all taught me more than you can ever know .
va	O	由于没有其他家人，遗产被清算，并且理查德给自己弄到了一份非常大的遗产。
va	O	我难以置信地盯着他，因为我自己的听力像任何人一样敏锐，并且我没有听到一丝声音。
va	O	我会随心所欲，但是你会为这次的搞砸付出代价。
va	I	He was complimenting her on some work she had done , and Shane Miller was there .
va	I	There were a few cars on the road , but not many people were out at this hour .
va	O	他的话可能反对，但是他的眼睛没有。
va	O	衣服发出了嗖嗖声，并且一个身体跌进了椅子。
va	O	我向上猛拉了一下他的手臂，并且他尖叫起来。
va	I	I certainly couldn 't call Peyton , and I didn 't have friends that I trusted with this kind of information .
va	I	That will have to remain my little secret , but oh , she won 't be staying behind .
va	O	我知道这在你那里经不起推敲，但是在我这里可以。
va	I	He is abusive , as if he cannot separate right from wrong , yet he protects her .
va	O	他带她进去，并且当他把她带到为她指定的住所时，她迅速地对内部有了印象。
va	I	Sadness tugged down her mouth , but Nike 's face was kind .
va	O	她的母亲死于发烧，而不是死于分娩，但是她非常清楚卡努特的感觉。
va	O	排练即将开始，并且他还没有出现。
va	I	The cheers exploded with new vigour and her voice resounded through the Capitol .
va	O	蓝牙在我的耳边响起，并且我轻敲了一下接听了它。
va	I	Even she couldn 't tell him how he got there , but Navi had stumbled upon him lying unconscious in the forest .
va	O	这就是事实，并且我不明白为什么人们一听说这场“厕所会谈”就如此激动不安。
va	O	多米尼克迅速移动，试图缩短距离以便在需要时抓住她，但是他的所有感官都集中在那只猫身上。
va	O	这不像之前那样是绝望的吻，但是它同样震撼了我的世界。
va	O	我用拳头捶打了他一阵子，并且一开始他也回击得同样猛烈。
va	I	Anyone else , or I 'm not interested in getting to know you .
va	O	安东尼把频道调到一个足球比赛，并且我们看了几分钟。
va	I	They knew each other from going to the same Walnut Hills school , and the girls had all completed sixth grade .
va	O	目前他没戴领巾，他的衬衫敞开着，露出了脏兮兮的皮肤，并且他闻起来很糟糕。
va	O	我们现在有钱了，并且你还在谈论付我一瓶葡萄酒的钱？
va	O	他感觉到敏僵住了，并且他也感觉到了她的不悦。
va	I	We made our way to the stairs and he grinned at me over his shoulder .
va	I	He 's got that smirk on his face and Ben 's with them .
va	I	It doesn 't ring a bell but I say again .
va	O	80年代金属乐从低预算音响系统里震耳欲聋地播放着，并且我扫视着房间，寻找她的脸。
va	I	He could feel her hair against his ear , and she rested her head on the top of his shoulder .
va	I	They are strong but they are slow .
va	I	It didn 't appear to have any weak spots but they flew around the bridal clawing at different spots .
va	I	My stomach was empty except for a glass of water , and my hair was pulled back in a tight French braid .
va	O	皮尔斯知道那意味着什么，并且他的胸口因同情而收紧。
va	O	修女还是看到了我，并且那就意味着告别学校了。
va	O	那是我第一次把那些话大声说出来，并且现在我听到它们有多么奇怪。
va	O	现在她已经和暗影猎人混在一起了，并且谁又能说他们会更好地对待她呢？
va	O	我试图挪过去，但是地方并不宽敞。
va	O	我的双腿缠绕在他的臀部，并且一切都以狂热的速度进行着。
va	O	最近的一次折叠发生在2012年12月21日，并且从那时起他们就一直在前往地球的旅程中。
va	I	Robinson struck again and the attacker stumbled .
va	I	They needed to be said , but I didn 't want to say them .
va	O	她左侧的墙上有一扇装饰门，并且再往下，一个基座水槽坐落在一个大椭圆形镜子前。
va	I	She takes a few steps forward , and the belts holding her against the wall open .
va	O	显然某种时间暂停已生效，并且是时候将他们的城镇从庄园的控制中解放出来了。
va	O	没人能比得上莉娜，但是我们会尽力。
va	O	我玩火了，并且我被烧伤了。
va	I	Nothing happened , but a slight rumble of thunder followed .
va	O	他们都告诉我他们理解，但是他们根本不可能理解。
va	O	她已经因医生的指责而感到不悦，并且乔治的评论丝毫未能改善她的情绪。
va	O	一切都恢复了某种正常，但是我的心却枯萎了。
va	O	那是星期五，并且艾哈迈德一直在准备去曼彻斯特的拜访。
va	I	Hale just shook his head , but she wanted the words to work , to soothe .
va	I	Kim will find somebody else soon enough , but Eve will be fascinated for a while .
va	I	She knew it wasn 't from the wine , and her head ached .
va	I	I was already well ahead of him , but Father threw a quick thought at me .
va	I	He wasn 't shy about trumpeting his abilities , and he could hack into anything , anytime , no matter how secure it was .
va	O	事情会变，而且它们还会变得更多。
va	O	我们还发现了一些也能运行的，但是它们的状况太差了，以至于我们便把它们留下了。
va	O	这不完全像从高速公路上选择三个出口匝道中的一个，但是它确实有点那种感觉。
va	O	噪音吵醒了汤姆的膀胱，并且他强迫自己站了起来。
va	I	I just get him and he just gets me .
va	O	门开了，并且杰斯探头往里看。
va	O	她父亲必须明白这一点，然而他没有回头。
va	O	是的，她妈妈疯疯癫癫的，但是萨拉仍然爱她。
va	O	他看起来相当高，并且他像是被人粗暴地扔到了地板上一样。
va	O	他很抱歉，但是那并没有阻止他伤害一个无辜的女孩。
va	I	It was killing me , and now I just had to wait .
va	O	她想问他到底有多在乎，但是这样做会让她面临无可避免的失望。
va	I	I abruptly had my hands full , and a Hag bore down on me , screaming like a mountain lion caught in a wood chipper .
va	I	Lennox lifts her up , but I grab for Lark .
va	O	他很快就同意了，并且我们就分道扬镳了。
va	O	一声沮丧的咆哮从他口中发出，但是他的手却静止了。
va	I	I had no gun and if there was going to be trouble , it would be here .
va	O	艾姆的肘部撞到了我的肋骨，并且我噎住了。
va	O	木格栅被钉在拱门两侧，并且塑料花已经穿插在网格中。
va	I	She couldn 't resist , but stupid thing to do .
va	I	I went too far , and you were so defiant .
va	O	他悠闲的态度惹恼了我，但是我尽量不表现出来。
va	I	Some bowed down to the ground , and many of them were damaged .
va	O	他没问就坐上了驾驶座，并且然后把我拉到他身边，手臂紧紧地环抱着我。
va	O	毁灭者得名是有原因的，并且这也不是靠摆姿势得来的。
va	I	I could accept that and I was a witch .
va	O	治疗师至今未能查明毒药，并且没有解药，他必死无疑。
va	O	迪伦将他按倒，并且我折断了他的脖子。
va	I	He hadn 't even given her tenderness and her virginity had stained his sheets .
va	O	他又饿了，并且搜寻让他暂时忘记了另外两个人。
va	O	她转过身继续做她的事，并且我走到咖啡壶旁。
va	O	他们的脸上涂满了狂野的战妆，并且每个人手里都拿着一杆长矛。
va	I	I don 't wear it at all and I have since put it away safely .
va	I	I couldn 't , but more than anything , my head wanted to whip around in his direction .
va	I	They went down to the kitchen , but they had deliveries , as usual .
va	I	In the meantime , it wouldn 't be hard to check out both shops , but I didn 't know if I could expect an answer .
va	O	珍提到她会在下周给德文一个正式的日程表，并且德文怀疑她会继续值夜班。
va	I	The Inquisitor on the left dropped his weapon , shrieking , as the round punched through the back of his hand , and his assault rifle barked .
va	O	阅读课本的第二十一章，那么你就不会有问题了。
va	O	她只是把它拿走了，并且他喜欢她这么做。
va	O	它实际上早些时候就引起了我的注意，但是我没有多想。
va	I	She had killed something by draining its blood , its ' very essence into her , but Well maybe not a person .
va	I	In a way it was a relief to know he wasn 't crazy , and it all made sense now .
va	O	他喝碗底的汤发出吸溜声来惹恼我，并且接着咂嘴以确保他成功了。
va	O	外墙上什么都没有挂，并且窗户里也什么都看不到。
va	O	那次性爱更好，但是事后她仍然感到内心几乎空虚。
va	I	I couldn 't forget about the package , but I had a hostage to torture in a couple of hours .
va	O	总之，马特没有前往那家好客栈，并且也没有前往索恩选择的那家。
va	I	She 'd rather not risk that and someone might overhear their conversation .
va	I	My full stomach protested , and Guilt tore through me .
va	I	I think he sighs , but it 's hard to tell because he 's short of breath .
va	I	She paused , and as she reached for it , it dawned on her that she recognized the handwriting .
va	I	For now , she enjoyed the smooth wood of the showy banister beneath her palms , but Jane would have to wear them for the ball .
va	I	I 'm flying into Palm Beach later this morning , but joey , I 'm sorry for the short notice .
va	O	我装好洗碗机的时候，特里斯坦还在他的房间里，并且我能听到他隔着门说话。
va	O	布莱奥妮往身后看，但是埃德温不在那里。
va	I	She didn 't stop me , but the head librarian stared as I walked past her desk , her hawk eyes glinting behind her glasses .
va	I	Suddenly I was under my covers with my head on my pillow , and I heard a snap of his fingers .
va	O	纳乔放慢速度小跑起来，并且格蕾琴强迫自己保持耐心。
va	O	热水澡让我的冰冷身体感到无比舒服，并且我的脾气也让我的内心温暖起来。
va	I	I closed my eyes for moment , remembering exactly how he felt and his breath fanned my face .
va	I	Her vision filled with scenes from Paul 's life , and Andra shut her eyes tight against the pressure .
va	I	Wet hair gathered in a clip atop her crown and he didn 't miss her bare legs .
va	I	She stopped caring who heard her and he repeated the move .
va	O	他的手伸向我的大腿，并且我咯咯地笑，他的触碰让我发痒。
va	O	我曾坚决不给他第二次机会，但是现在我会去找他把这事谈清楚。
va	O	她的头低垂着，并且她轻声细语，仿佛在对她周围的野花地毯说话。
va	O	人们可能非常残忍，并且尽管他那样认为，她也并非天真。
va	I	Speaking once in a while constituted a big part of that and there were other things one might want in a love interest .
va	I	Though I 'd always remained mostly in control , this loss of restraint could get someone hurt and it would only make me volatile .
va	I	They are in makeshift pits below ground but I thought they left a day ago .
va	I	Races back up the stairs and she nods .
va	I	Some of the children had pulled her into their hut , but he wandered further into the village in search of Amelia .
va	O	女人们在她们的脸颊上短暂亲吻，并且阿曼达转身面向他。
va	O	我不想回顾过去，但是我情不自禁。
va	O	他搜了搜口袋，半担心羊皮纸在追逐中丢失了，但是它仍然在那里。
va	I	He welcomed the weight of it , but the jacket was heavy .
va	I	She melted like warm chocolate , and all he had to do was touch her .
va	I	I 'm also the girl who abandoned her ... but I 'm this little girl , eternally scared to death .
va	I	When he looked at her with pleading eyes nothing could keep her tears at bay , but Shannon thought she was done crying .
va	O	保罗拿起那张纸，并且他内心有什么东西枯萎了。
va	I	The words wouldn 't come , but he wanted to tell her that he 'd missed her too .
va	O	她的下唇颤抖着，并且她说不出话来。
va	I	I knew nothing until you approached me and you already had access to the prototype .
va	O	她的心跳加速，并且很痛。
va	I	The two of them got the hell out of there and his smart little puppy raced over into his open arms .
va	O	我没有听到手机提醒我收到任何短信，但是它声音很大。
va	O	我真的应该停止这样做，否则她会换掉她的号码。
va	I	We both intended to win , and it was less a kiss than a battle .
va	I	She didn 't smile back , but I whispered .
va	I	I wouldn 't count on it , but perhaps she will let me have an adventure someday .
va	O	他试图把她放到床上，但是她在他怀里扭动，让他改变方向，让她骑在上面。
va	I	Something was very wrong indeed , but they were in the same spots they had fallen asleep in .
va	I	Her eyes never left Tristan , but Zoey pressed her wounded arm as she attempted to stop the bleeding .
va	O	凯莉曾向自己保证她不会感到防备，但是布鲁克的眼神让她不安。
va	I	The sudden disappearance of Courtney Sinclair had to be addressed , but it wasn 't Wednesday .
va	I	I wasn 't quite sure I liked the sensation yet , and it felt as if he 'd invaded me .
va	O	军乐威严地从扬声器中轰鸣而出，并且仪仗队精神抖擞地进行了操练。
va	O	我径直向他跑去，并且他咧嘴大笑，满怀期待。
va	O	罗素医生一定是艺术系的主任，并且他一定狠狠地拒绝了她。
va	I	I was so busy trying not to think that I didn 't think and I passed through Barstow with its stretch of gas stations .
va	I	He chewed in the darkness , and I slid the fork away .
va	O	我感到有什么湿润的东西溅到我脸上，并且我知道那是他的眼泪。
va	I	Fluffy ate the rest of the beans and I placed the plate on the floor .
va	O	他闭上眼睛，但是我知道那是在集中精力。
va	I	She couldn 't let him take his anger out on David , but she had no idea how he 'd react to her doing it .
va	I	He laughed ruefully and they exchanged a glance .
va	I	The sensible voice was drowned out but she told herself they needed to talk first .
va	O	我的视线短暂模糊了，并且当它清晰时，我正深情地看着他的眼睛。
va	O	当我面对书桌时，他站在我身后，并且我能感觉到他温暖的呼吸拂过我的肩膀。
va	O	他们终于到达了瀑布边缘，并且脚下的岩架变宽了。
va	O	我勉强把我的咖啡——我一口都还没喝的——放在柜台上，并且我举起了手。
va	O	在我旁边，赞恩伸了个懒腰，伸长了脖子，并且我听到他低声快速咒骂的那一刻，我就知道了。
va	O	每个微小的伤口都像喷泉一样流血，并且我与我的身体抗争，与我自己的魔法抗争，以阻止它摧毁我。
va	I	Most of Courtney 's friends glared at Lucas , like he 'd done something wrong by standing up for that girl , but a few people laughed .
va	O	我早些时候发现他在偷看我，并且他显然想和我待在一起。
va	O	到那时他们已经把亚历克斯带走了，但是他们没有冒险。
va	I	She stared at him and her head came up .
va	O	这不完美，但是吉尔别无选择。
va	I	She managed to smother it just in time , but a giggle threatened .
va	I	Her son was in the army and she was a single mother .
va	I	That doesn 't matter , because Aunt Lulu would never wear it , but I can 't knit well .
va	I	I had the advantage of surprise , but we rolled several feet .
va	O	弗雷德的笑容很有感染力，并且我发现自己也笑得和他一样灿烂。
va	I	Its tower still stood , but Amy saw that Mrs Owen 's old house had now been demolished as well as most of the church .
va	I	He heard her when we pulled up next to the fence closest to his tank and the only animal remaining was Maria 's mate .
va	I	I 'd be alone again and Nick would go to jail for a long time .
va	I	They both laughed , and he said .
va	O	她正在和他的哥哥说话，并且她很漂亮。
va	I	Just as it felt like my skin was starting to peel away , I dove into the ocean , and I ran for several minutes .
va	O	德国轮胎厂至少在三十年前就已经关闭了，并且那座巨大、多层的设施基本上就是一座巨大的、充满诡异感的宝库。
va	I	There was a sterile feel about it that made me uneasy , and it was just as bright as the room before .
va	I	This alone tended to put Alvarado on his guard and the gringo behind the counter was a big man .
va	O	通过他的天赋，科琳的血液曾残忍地向他展示了她的记忆片段，但是现在与他对话的是一种更深层的联系。
va	I	I also didn 't want to overstay my welcome , but I didn 't want to go .
va	O	我感到一只手抓住我的胳膊，并且我抬头看去，看到了哈利那张严峻的脸。
va	I	I can see cars littering the side of the highway and my eyes have become more accustomed to the darkness now .
va	O	愤怒驱散了担忧，并且我猛烈地敲着她的门。
va	O	她的眼睑轻颤着合上了，并且她发出了一声深沉而满足的叹息。
va	I	She rose to meet him , and she felt the familiar pleasure enter her with each of his thrusts .
va	I	He walked out , but they felt she should reconcile with my dad .
va	O	她再次推了一下，并且这一次他让步了，如同他放入时那般突然地将阴茎从她体内抽出。
va	O	派克救了他的命，这足以令人感激，但是他清楚地记得亚当所做的远远超出了任何徽章所要求的一切。
va	O	莉兹并不热情，但是他却坚持要开车去看那棵树。
va	I	Then they 're devastated when it 's over , but they go forward thinking that it 'll be fun , which it is .
va	I	With another bright flash , Vane turned human , and he took Vane 's head into his hands .
va	I	We 'll be dressed differently too , and we 'll look very different .
va	O	发生过一场最近的战斗，并且阿尔法射线辐射通常会揭示那种星云中蒸汽脉络的痕迹。
va	O	她吹着一个草莓，并且她的刘海向上吹起。
va	O	他的腿颤抖着，并且他绊倒了一次。
va	I	Driving to Ellsworth right now wouldn 't do her any good , but she 'd never wanted to do anything less in her life .
va	I	Jack followed and she got up to go to him .
va	I	I didn 't want him to stop and it was like he was making sure I was still there .
va	O	我稍微收紧了手臂，并且他发出了一声轻微的哽咽声。
va	I	He smiled at me and Jack 's face relaxed .
va	O	音乐响起，并且下一支舞开始了。
va	I	She barely needs to be asked , and it is a wild , cool morning .
va	I	He held me tight , but Instinct made me thrash to get away from the searing ache .
va	O	我们的需求得到了满足，并且飞船的外部引擎可以重新定向用于内部维护。
va	O	你试图弥补，但是你不哀悼。
va	I	His eyes fell and he made a gesture with his hand .
va	O	垃圾被放入其中，并且底部会打开，将废物倾倒入下方巨大、广阔的垃圾填埋场。
va	O	她的手放在他的胸口上，并且它们浸满了血。
va	I	She couldn 't do it , but she knew she should continue to praise her stepfather .
va	O	我们都看向了笔录的下一部分，并且汤姆继续说。
va	O	他们以前试图杀死对方，并且他们差点成功了。
va	O	他的挫败感变成了锯齿状的鲨鱼牙齿，一排排地增生，并且当他的嘴巴再也装不下它们时，它就拉长了。
va	O	我本以为切斯会退缩，但是他的愤慨却是一个惊喜。
va	O	我什么也没说，但是我的思绪却飞速运转。
va	O	那个“只要说出我的名字我就会在那里”的鬼话去哪儿了？
va	I	Guys thought they could treat us however they wanted , and girls were a commodity in a lot of ways .
va	I	I lost the feeling in my left arm , and my senses exploded with a flash of light .
va	I	Something just wasn 't right here , and I 'd stayed alive this long by being paranoid .
va	O	长矛击中了我的刀刃，并且我正在忍受痛苦，除了皮肤上出现的瘀伤。
va	O	她可能措手不及，但是她并不害怕。
va	O	我没拿到，但是我找到了很多东西可以买。
va	O	我知道那听起来很反常，但是那是真的。
va	O	黛拉的声音里透着怒气，但是是伤痛染红了她的眼睛。
va	O	那双大手放开了，并且我转身看到了克里斯蒂安·阿切尔。
va	O	左墙上，施坦威钢琴附近的一个门口通向一个图书馆，并且我迈过门槛，进入了那个书房。
va	I	I guess it would be fine in a few more minutes now but my breathing is still a little irregular .
va	O	她恳求他给我一些独处的时间，但是他声称他也想和我共度时光。
va	O	气温已经升高了，并且空气中弥漫着湿气。
va	I	Her natural toes moved in almost exactly the same way as the artificial ones and Cathy did so .
va	O	第二声枪响很快响起，并且皮尔斯听到一声呼啸声擦过他的耳边。
va	I	That 's not good enough for us , but we heard you on your audition video .
va	I	I wonder for a second if I 've spoken out aloud , and the voice makes me jump .
va	I	Shannon saw her face on the screen , and he checked his phone .
va	O	他抹去脸上的笑容，并且用他射击老鹰时同样的专注力集中精神。
va	O	她的心开始急速跳动，并且她大口喘气。
va	O	这场战斗结束了，但是这一天还没有结束。
va	I	His sharp green eyes constantly searched for the unexpected and blond hair poked out from under his military beret .
va	O	对朱莉娅来说，漫长旅程的早晨总是相同的，但是这次不会是一次普通的旅行。
va	I	I 'm certain the ramifications are uncomfortable , and I am aware of your history .
va	I	I didn 't care , but I mumbled to myself .
va	O	确实我不会脸红，但是我感到非常尴尬，以至于低头看着地面。
va	I	She brushes away loose , grey strands as she blows out a calming breath , but her hair is pulled back .
va	O	信心的火花消失了，但是坚定的决心依然存在。
va	O	科尔的嘴唇紧紧地压在我的唇上，并且他带着笑容拉开。
va	O	世界稍微倾斜了一下，并且他小心翼翼地摸索着看损坏在哪里。
va	O	格里格州长正在自上而下地领导一场革命，并且很多人不喜欢它。
va	I	I try to listen and I close my eyes .
va	O	我抬头，并且他正微笑着。
va	I	I was incredibly thirsty and my throat was dry .
va	I	She grinned and the idea came to her quickly .
va	I	He could be so clueless , but she loved him .
va	O	她狂乱的动作吸引了前排乘客座上那人的注意，并且他转过身来。
va	I	Now things are different , but when we started dating all I wanted was to be with a rich man .
va	I	Door swings open , and one swift jerk .
va	O	托马斯是第一个触碰了那个被历任男友声称是她心脏的计算器的人……，并且他可以很轻易地将其粉碎。
va	O	有时我确实会感到胃里一阵内疚，想着杰登会突然出现，但是他没有。
va	O	想起往事让她心如刀绞，并且她现在已经有足够的伤心事要处理了。
va	I	She could almost feel the anger coming off him , but his face expressing nothing .
va	I	His wings flapped in great powerful sweeps and he straightened .
va	O	她让我屏住了呼吸，并且她默默地向外走去时，我亦步亦趋地跟在她身后。
va	I	His voice is tight and his shoulders are rigid .
va	O	水深不足六英尺，但是它仍然没过我的头。
va	O	也许你和其他雄性不同，但是这不意味着你缺乏价值。
va	O	莎拉脸红得很深，但是她安慰性地点了点头。
va	I	Three years ago he was elected chief of police and he was elected mayor about seven years ago .
va	O	所有巨人都是强壮的，但是这个——这是一个令人印象深刻的纯粹、原始力量的展示。
va	O	我们都喘着气，并且我能感觉到他在我体内，仍然需要我。
va	O	现在我生命中只有两个人能做出这种纵火的事情，并且我刚刚排除了一人。
va	O	他告诉她，他不喜欢被置于那种境地，并且我想就是这样了。
va	I	The lights have been left on , probably by someone hastily evacuating , but there are no windows upstairs .
va	O	一阵隆隆声从树林深处传来，并且我僵住了。
va	I	They didn 't seem right , but she looked at the numbers .
va	I	The first stars were coming out and the sun had set .
va	I	Then Gale reaches into his breast pocket , and the two exchange a long look .
va	O	她扫视人群，但是没有人开口。
va	O	当他走到她身边时，梅齐哼了一声，并且乔什僵住了。
va	I	We 're pretty sure who did it , but we 're still not sure how .
va	O	她把它的金色头发编得很漂亮，并且它看起来仍然像新的一样。
va	O	我慢慢走近，并且她又吐了。
va	O	它白色的墙壁，点缀着精美的瓷砖，很容易被认为是翻新的结果，但是它们是房屋原有的。
va	O	我除了那些有趣的事情，一无所知。
va	O	你的血在我体内，并且它让我需要你。
va	O	电话响了，并且诺拉猛地抓起了它。
va	O	杰斯穿上夹克，然后从一个马鞍包里取出一个背包，甩到肩上。
va	O	他向里面瞥了一眼司机，但是驾驶座上的人仍然面朝前方，表情不适。
va	I	Connor stood inside , hair a mess , pajama bottoms resting just below his hips , chest bare and the door slid open half a foot .
va	O	我终于觉得身体好到可以再喝它了，而且我真的很想念它。
va	O	起初她努力维持对话，但是在一周的零星回应后，她放弃了。
va	O	她的眼睛盯着空白的墙壁，并且她尽力不去思考。
va	I	She wouldn 't enjoy the evening or Victoria had warned him to tell her where he was taking her so that Anna could dress appropriately .
va	I	He hadn 't cracked a smile , but Cyrus 's stories were outlandish .
va	I	Their caravan came to a halt close to Thor 's home , and they came into town like a sudden army .
va	O	也许他们分开了，以便为记录获取不同的观点，并且他们知道彼此都在飞机上。
va	O	一个洞穴从黑暗中蜿蜒而出，并且史蒂夫在暮色中认出了那位修道院院长。
va	I	Burnett insisted they get them medical help first , but Della wanted to talk to Natasha right away .
va	O	她的身体颤抖着，并且她的眼睛再次寻求他的。
va	I	He cracked one eye open to see the most beautiful sight in the world and his door burst open .
va	O	他的下巴抽动了一下，但是他的神情对下一个问题仍旧不变。
va	O	我曾想让他至少封我为伯爵，但是他不肯。
va	O	我感觉他一进来气温就下降了二十度，并且一股寒意爬上我的脊椎。
va	O	他说，只要警方放行，他就会立刻开始，并且令我惊讶的是他轻轻地抱了我一下。
va	O	一股热流穿透了他，并且他伸出手去抱她，渴望亲近，需要她美丽的身体紧贴着他。
va	I	I felt his cool breath on my neck and still firmly grasping my hair , he leaned his head down .
va	O	光线渐渐渗入我周围，并且它抓住了我的注意力。
va	O	你是个聪明的女孩，并且你知道自己想要什么。
va	O	我们将于清晨第一时间出发，并且因为在英国有两小时的转机，回家的航班将需要将近十五个小时。
va	I	Vikram had no reason to disbelieve her , and this was not uncommon .
va	I	The overall atmosphere was dramatically improved and the stories that evening were told with far greater vigor .
va	O	凯莉对此并不自豪，但是她承认了真相。
va	O	布里寻求支持地瞥了一眼艾斯，但是他只是低头看着自己的脚。
va	I	It had done Jane 's father little good , but I could have demanded to search the house .
va	O	那也很友善，并且我那样说了。
va	I	A voice hissed and four people walked by .
va	I	Gustav looked at Amy and Jeff started to cough .
va	O	霍拉蒂奥的眼睛眯了起来，怒火中烧，但是他向她微微鞠躬以示认可。
va	O	种族这件事是个问题，但是他确实很关心她。
va	O	我一辈子都住在北区，而且我甚至猜不到我在哪里。
va	I	I scowled , and he asked .
va	I	The girl at his side started kissing his neck , and his gaze flicked away , like he was dismissing me .
va	I	I 've finally taken them off again , and I put on thirty pounds those last years Avery was ill .
va	I	They all say the same thing and now all the tests have been taken .
va	O	据他们所知，你可能在地球上，或者你可能在另一个世界。
va	I	She didn 't respond , but I squeezed her hand .
va	O	阻止他们是我们的职责，但是我们有时却做不到。
va	I	Her lips shakes and Nora 's eyes fill .
va	I	S 'm ores and I saw all the makings for hot dogs .
va	I	Regardless , his countenance gave her pause , made her more than a bit apprehensive , but she knew that it wasn 't directed at her .
va	I	It was enough to make Andra clamp her lips shut over a groan of pleasure , but he 'd just grazed the skin of her arm .
va	O	我不再感觉到风了，但是我们嘴唇相触，我也不在乎了。
va	O	德文试图让自己平静下来，但是熊熊怒火在他体内积聚，撼动着他的灵魂深处。
va	I	I let them , and his lips crushed into mine .
va	O	文森特微微低下头，并且他的呼吸轻拂着她的脸。
va	I	The shadows obscured his view , but he searched her face looking for signs of the conniving woman he knew her to be .
va	O	于是他改为爬行，但是他所能做到的只是无力的蠕动。
va	I	My heart was pounding so loudly I could barely hear myself breathe , and my hands were sweating .
va	O	结果不可能更完美了，但是重点是你并不知道结果会怎样。
va	O	我觉得他和我保持距离，并且我害怕冒太大的风险。
va	O	她咯咯地笑了，勾住了我的小指，并且接着给了我一个热烈的拥抱。
va	I	Buck enjoyed the stability Lady Dandy had in flight compared to the smaller aircraft he owned , and it was a clear day .
va	I	Her face showed only irritation but Katherine 's hand offered assistance .
va	O	他们的争吵发生在家人被谋杀前几个小时，但是亚历克斯在争吵后、谋杀期间没有任何不在场证明。
va	O	她跪坐起来，并且出其不意地吻上了但丁的嘴唇。
va	O	艾迪的父亲经营着锯木厂，并且他的儿子还没有离开小镇。
va	I	He dropped it onto the ground , and his hand was shaking .
va	O	我们的房子在空袭中被炸毁了，并且我们被迫逃离。
va	O	亚历克斯很高兴她把床弄乱了，并且她的电子阅读器明显地放在她的床头柜上。
va	I	She shrugged off his hand , but he grabbed her arm as she stalked by him , whirling her to face him .
va	I	Cade didn 't , and Elaina couldn 't move .
va	O	她试图喊出来，盲目地爬向电话，但是她只能无助地在地板上扭动。
va	I	It felt good to start with the usual routine , but I had no idea how I would spend the day .
va	O	她从经验中知道那不会阻止他们太久，但是至少那会让他们慢下来。
va	I	They were not bothering us , but they were still swimming circles .
va	I	The numbness of what happened began to wear off and I hadn 't even thought of the vision until much later , when I was home .
va	O	她的身体弓向他，并且她把头向后仰。
va	O	场灯亮了起来，并且现场爆发出欢呼声。
va	O	他刚把门打开，他们就到了入口，并且他们三人赶紧走了进去。
va	I	Their fear of her was too great , but I 'd tried before to talk them out of it .
va	O	戴维安静地听着，没有打断，并且哈里特因为告诉了他而感到如释重负。
va	I	You haven 't given a reason , and I haven 't been paid to .
va	O	杰森再次跪下，并且那个身体下来了。
va	I	The tremor runs the full length of my spine , but they stroke only the smallest square of my back .
va	I	Then it was like something yanked him away , and he was right next to me , just making a joke .
va	I	Her brother 's certainly didn 't , but Ada 's voice might have sounded like a fairy .
va	O	我现在很绝望，并且我不在乎。
va	O	那不是一个坏街区，但是它也不是一个好街区。
va	O	她也变得更加敏捷了，并且当伊莱脱下她的袜子以释放她的翅膀时，它们就不再拖到地上了。
va	I	He wasn 't moving , but James was in there .
va	I	Dreamer didn 't let him go , but the baby struggled in her arms .
va	I	She could point you to a thousand books , and ask Pari to tell you how to live .
va	O	它的一条腿被撕掉了，而且我认为那是我自己造成的。
va	I	He got swept away by romance , and he was in a jewelry store , shopping for a present for his girlfriend .
va	O	已经很晚了，而且你也不必做饭了，尤其考虑到你今晚已经打扫过一次厨房了。
va	O	这不是沃恩可以写进逮捕报告的东西，然而没有它，他就不会是如今一半的欧米茄特工。
va	O	十分钟后门被打开了，并且另一个侏儒走了进来。
va	I	Pain briefly flooded her eyes , and her tone had grown more hushed .
va	I	All I snatched was empty air , but I groped behind me where I thought the bookshelf should be .
va	O	纳什在一个更好的地方，但是他还没到那里。
va	I	It was not difficult to identify the teacher there to meet him and he was the sole arrival .
va	I	Once again he was fighting , and the copies came to Altair .
va	O	夜幕降临时，我们都穿好了衣服，并且恕我直言，看起来相当火辣。
va	O	这个综合体位于镇上一个不错的地方，靠近里士满大学，并且这个社区通常是安全的。
va	I	Imogen 's dark stare passed over to me and a rare flicker of surprise gave Viggo away .
va	I	They could be pretty scary when he wanted them to be , and Daddy 's eyes were really pale .
va	I	I 'd come to the same conclusion as Riley , but I 'd pried a few details out of her .
va	I	He had to keep going , but fiery agony lanced through his leg with every other step .
va	O	我看不到门，但是我没觉得它能承受住另一边正在遭受的猛烈攻击。
va	I	He also refused to call her his girlfriend , but he didn 't introduce her as his fiancee .
va	O	我感觉到玛吉的手放在我的肩膀上，但是我挣脱了，尽可能快地走向旋转木马。
va	I	He began to thrust inside me in earnest , and I raked my fingernails from where they had dug into his back down his sides .
va	O	412号男孩等着看猎人要做什么，但是那个人什么也没做。
va	O	他的眼睛睁着，并且我立刻就能看出他死了。
va	O	她反过来踢了他一脚，并且他因疼痛而眨了眨眼。
va	I	There wasn 't a wind and it really wasn 't too bitter .
va	I	I 'm guessing a hospital Doc , but I 'm not Einstein .
va	O	她在第一次接触时僵住了，并且在她还没来得及抽身时，他轻轻握住了她的后颈。
va	O	她让他拿走了它，并且在那宝贵的短暂一刻，他们像恋人一样，在世界尽头闪烁的星空下漫步。
va	I	He didn 't know why he had , and he wished the deputy hadn 't taken it away from him .
va	I	My eyes flew to Conrad , and I gasped , dreadfully alarmed .
va	I	Sparing her wouldn 't hurt him , and Jessica didn 't know the shit her pack had caused .
va	I	She had to keep pulling her jeans up and her clothes hung on her .
va	O	我的父亲是一名采矿工头，并且我的兄弟们仍在从事矿山管理工作。
va	I	She did not attempt to pull away , but he was standing close , too close .
va	I	It 's too soon , but I want to ask .
va	O	这艘邮轮很豪华，但是那却是她工作的地方。
va	O	他的肩膀在抽痛，并且他的头在剧烈跳动。
va	I	They all roared with drunken laughter and he looked back at his buddies .
va	O	过去几天让她很担忧，但是她心中的雀跃证明了她听到他消息的真正喜悦。
va	I	It serves us as much as her , but the magic in the air means she 'll be dangerous .
va	I	He left a message , but she didn 't answer .
va	I	Some people got angry at the intrusive noise , and everyone flinched .
va	I	She didn 't care , but people stared at her .
va	I	Her eyes are lit with an emotion I can 't name , and Color blooms in her cheeks .
va	O	大天使不会在地球上长时间逗留，并且他们不会劫持人质。
va	O	他们中会有一个人犯错，并且我想及时赶到那里抓住它。
va	I	Her hand was shaking too badly to manage another drink but her mother raised her juice .
va	O	以前那不是个问题，但是现在我意识到我可能正变得依恋。
va	O	她会一直离开直到寒假，并且我确信她那时会和朋友们在韦尔。
va	I	I was sure even he had a limit , but I knew the vampire could take the pain .
va	O	情况大致相同，但是科尔却和另一个女孩在一起。
va	O	我拿起文件夹，但是我没有打开它。
va	O	我想把这件事所有的重担都压在他身上，但是我知道我不能那么做。
va	I	The ladies smiled a smile at me too , and ' Yes it was , ' he smiled .
va	O	她不是故意说出来的，但是木已成舟。
va	O	我能听到我名字的遥远声音，但是黑暗的深渊无情地将我吸了进去。
va	I	My dad 's garbled message didn 't make sense , but Bob , I knew , was Dana 's boyfriend .
va	I	I find his manner of speaking intriguing and there is disapproval on his face again .
va	O	你将服从你的新主人的一切吩咐，或者你将遭受巨大的痛苦。
va	O	凯米发出了一声惊讶的叫声，但是值得称赞的是她没有猛地挣开。
va	O	拿走他们的自私，并且你也就拿走了他们的自我保护意识。
va	I	My stomach tightened and Evangeline spied an unsightly wound on the girl 's forearm .
va	I	Still there was no one to be seen and they crept round the back of the building .
va	O	她的生日临近了，但是她并没有期待它。
va	I	All I had to do was walk through the door , and this guy was ready to show me his treasure .
va	O	内特离得很近，能闻到让她皮肤发光的油脂味，但是他没觉得她注意到他。
va	I	Ty kept holding him there , but Conner was reluctant at first .
va	O	在这方面亨利是老师的骄傲，并且他们两人制定了一个让我们抓狂的惯例。
va	O	泰勒总统指了指一把椅子，并且我顺从了他。
va	O	我们需要搜查他的房子，并且我们就在这里了。
va	O	丹佛把门推得更开了，并且我终于看到了南希的全貌。
va	O	他是我的中心，并且为了他的安全，我什么都愿意做，什么都愿意放弃。
va	O	她竭尽全力控制她的愤怒，但是现在不是失控的时候。
va	I	I saw a glimpse of an emotion close to fear in her eyes and she shook her head .
va	I	She only had an off-the-shelf software firewall in place that left her TCP ports all open and she 's connected all of her systems into one network .
va	O	他立刻感觉到她的身体僵硬了，并且他艰难地控制住了自己。
va	O	他平时平静随和的脸皱成一团，并且他那毫无瑕疵的光滑皮肤看起来斑驳不均。
va	O	他似乎对琳达的触摸、她的恐慌和她的需求无动于衷。
va	I	She somehow wanted him to know that , and there were things she couldn 't say , things she shouldn 't even be feeling .
va	I	He laughs with me and I laugh at my own clumsiness .
va	I	The D.A. will try them and Chief Stacy will investigate , put together a case .
va	O	卡拉很确定海伦不知道那份信息，并且她也绝不会告诉她。
va	I	There perished , and Sounds bounced around in hollow places until they found a dead end .
va	I	Hearing it out loud made it seem more likely , but this was nothing I hadn 't thought of myself .
va	I	It was a spotless home , and it was best if she never left the cleanliness of our house .
va	I	I knew very little about music , but I wasn 't shy .
va	I	I didn 't want anyone asking questions later , but I thought that plan might be overly cautious .
va	O	电线上的绝缘层已经熔化了，并且保险丝也完全烧断了。
va	O	他才刚离开不久，然而她却感到不舒服，不仅仅是感到不安。
va	I	There were no remaining people except for me and all the captives had left .
va	O	希尔维亚继续花钱，并且厄尔继续旅行。
va	I	She wasn 't entirely comfortable with it , but it was the truth .
va	I	He had been tired , but he didn 't remember her coming in .
va	I	His frown deepened when he realized it was cold , and he gripped the mug of coffee .
va	O	我可以救我父亲的命……，但是他的父亲注定要死。
va	O	我刚给了他看我裸体的许可，并且他竟然没那么做。
va	I	It felt so much different when it was Sam giving her things , but she had given Kara that lecture .
va	O	他努力不笑，并且那是我见过他脸上最甜蜜的表情。
va	O	如果他能把他推入岩浆，战斗就结束了，但是那头臭名昭著的猪却太过机警。
va	I	We have to take a much broader view but I think we have an opportunity here .
va	O	我感受到她凑近时呼吸的微弱气息，并且我想着亲吻她会是什么感觉。
va	O	她很可能也在找我，并且她抓住我只是时间问题。
va	O	攀爬时我的手臂感觉有点颤抖，并且我溅起的水花比平时要小。
va	I	The dog was most likely conditioned to behave properly in front of guests , but that could be trouble .
va	I	That 's the only difference , but my reward is another dot of light on the paranormal grid instead of some kibble .
va	I	The cliffs are cut straight up to almost 200 feet , and the water is just as calm as it can be .
va	O	我甚至不确定那里的天气如何，而且我也不是在谈论平常的事情。
va	O	他会毫不犹豫地去，但是处于危险的是莉莉，而不是赖兰。
va	O	我立刻坐了起来，试图让它停止，但是我坐起来时感觉全身更重了。
va	I	Anything was liable to set him off now , and he was beyond caring , obviously .
va	I	The earlier vision of kissing someone in a wedding dress shifts to our dancing , with my head resting upon his chest and my mind is drifting .
va	I	She looked away and her smile widened .
va	I	None of his exertions had any effect on the heavy slab of metal but he clawed at the radio board .
va	I	He gives me a shy smile and he says when he sees me looking at him .
va	I	We laced our fingers together , and he held out his hand .
va	I	Several ATVs pulled up , and there was a growl .
va	O	她听起来对此并不特别高兴，但是我松了一口气，因为他们已经让步了。
va	O	我知道他没有看到我，但是我却看到了他，他正靠在他的储物柜上，低头对她微笑着。
va	I	Her stomach had turned , and he had put his sloppy lips on hers .
va	O	她的嘴唇缓慢地卷起，并且她的目光在他身上游走。
va	I	I could tel by Annika 's expression that she was far from immune to Lucius 's considerable charm and his eyes never left hers .
va	O	Sarah 渐渐消失了，并且 Tony 跪倒在齐腰深的草丛中。
va	I	She knew everything about anyone who mattered and Alyx was a journalist .
va	O	我知道我中弹了，但是我不确定是在哪里。
va	I	The intent in his eyes was crystal clear to her , and his eyes were almost black .
va	O	我走向门口，但是一个警卫举起了手。
va	O	风再次将女孩的气味拂过我的脸，并且我的思绪散乱了。
va	O	重要的是你和杰克最终会结婚。
va	O	我感到非常荣幸，并且她真的很有魅力。
va	O	门以一种不寻常的方式猛地一动，仿佛试图恢复它们的自然节奏，并且如此一来，慢慢地关上了。
va	I	His aggravation must have showed , and it irritated him that she would try to make much more of the incident .
va	I	He didn 't look pleasant and his hair was longish .
va	I	I have a great ear and I 've studied music all my life .
va	O	爸爸去见过他好几次，据我所知，但是他很少来洛杉矶。
va	O	Peter 认出了 Abel，并且他们简短地交谈了。
va	I	Mira didn 't feel any better once she was alone with Kellan , but they cleared out quickly .
va	I	There was no getting rid of your emotions , but the prescription might take the edge off .
va	O	它不会给我带来任何平静，然而我发现自己无法抗拒用手指触碰那些疤痕。
va	I	She knew it made no difference to the old lady but Golden was scolding her friend .
va	O	当时已是下午，但是她可以稍后查看她的电子邮件。
va	I	On Earth , dogs did not talk , and he was a Doberman on this planet .
va	I	I wasn 't that stupid , but I wanted to .
va	O	它撕裂着空气，并且我感觉自己快要窒息了。
va	I	They meant nothing to him , but more words of the same type followed .
va	I	He stared into the oak woods and he leaned back against the stones .
va	I	He refuses to release me , but I pinch his fingers hard .
va	I	It worried her , and he looked like a man on the run from something .
va	O	我只是在开玩笑，但是韦斯顿做了一个奇怪的表情。
va	O	他们都有钱让她被持续监视着，并且她将永远无法忍受那一切。
va	I	When he did , Titus 's eyes narrowed even more dangerously and he placed a hand on her shoulder .
va	I	I want you to have the chance to tell it , and you have a story to tell .
va	I	Then a few yells sounded clear on the still air , before a dead silence fell , and there was a long , grumbling rumble of drums .
va	I	I shook my head and Ty winked at me .
va	O	他原以为自己已经理解了他们即将到来的婚姻的所有含义，但是这又增添了一个新的变数。
va	I	It 's the only spot I see , but it 's not very big .
va	I	Looking for the right parts was still hard , but accidental soldering iron burns were in the past .
va	O	在这一点上我并不确切知道雅各布的用意，但是我并不喜欢我所理解的。
va	O	让她幸福让他感到快乐，而且她不想剥夺他的这份快乐。
va	O	卡罗尔直觉地知道她无法逃脱亚历克斯，而且她甚至尝试都只会让她比现在更蠢。
va	I	They had old models without much power , but shifters were allowed to have cell phones .
va	O	四面八方都是尖叫声，而且亚瑟的身体毫无生气地一堆地躺在混凝土上。
va	O	她不记得他们有过互动，而且她的父亲从未谈及此事。
va	O	他举起一只手，而且垫子自己翻了起来，开始像手风琴一样折叠。
va	O	一个看起来无害的小摩卡壶依偎在他的沙发靠背和公寓后墙之间。
va	O	她只会感到害怕，而且我绝对不想让她知道这一切是如何发生的。
va	O	我想念那个莎拉，而且这完全是我的决定。
va	I	She knew what I was talking about and we were both 1980 's TV fanatics .
va	I	His general stared right at him , a grim look on his face , but they lowered their heads in deference .
va	I	Not imposing , but he touched my hand gently .
va	O	我的嘴巴张开了，并且我本能地站了起来。
va	I	Pat wondered what was going on and his father stumbled over the words .
va	I	She ran with it and a thought dawned on her .
va	I	I sat next to him , and David took one of the chairs near the desk .
va	O	太阳升起来了，并且周围开始暖和起来。
va	O	我们必须优先处理，并且我们做的第一件事就是把屋顶上所有旧的瓦片都撕掉。
va	I	She could contact them if needed , and she watched over me .
va	I	It was clear Ethan didn 't like the idea of our splitting up , and Papa Breck scoffed at the notion he needed protecting .
va	I	I have never seen anything like this , but I am sure her intentions are good .
va	O	他的脸颊泛红了，并且他的下巴绷紧了。
va	I	I felt inexplicably annoyed that Diggs was singing the same tune , but it was fine for me to say it .
va	O	他蹒跚着走上小路，第一次挣扎着使用它们，并且我跟在后面，凝视着我的新家。
va	O	她的手捂住了嘴巴，并且她不得不怀疑她的国王。
va	O	也许他们认为这让它更真实，但是对我来说，从维尔告诉我这会发生的那一刻起，它就是真实的。
va	I	Samantha knew Jordan looked forward to them , but she 'd only missed one scheduled visit .
va	I	A small smile curved over his lips , and Quinn 's gaze moved over my face .
va	O	他希望自己搞错了，但是他会认出那双眼睛，那个鼻子，她嘴唇的形状，就像认出他自己的一样。
va	O	他已经从她那里夺走了一切，然而她现在却比以往任何时候都更加依赖他。
va	O	阿德莱德今晚欠了他的人情，但是她对他在高中时并没有好印象。
va	I	Glen waited to comprehend something , an outsider momentarily stranded on the sidelines and they were embroiled in discussion .
va	I	A part of it stuck straight up , and he ran his hand through his hair .
va	O	他不指望贝菲尔德会回应他，但是也许有一名海军陆战队员会有个主意。
va	O	我一直试图告诉他那没有必要，但是他对此很固执。
va	O	它退到湖的浅水区，并且他能看到它光滑的皮毛下肌肉紧绷，准备随时突然移动。
va	O	我可以用一千种方式，用一千种语言描述我的感受，而且它们没有一种能让我满意。
va	O	我怀着他们的孩子，但是除了盖伦，我并不真正知道他们最喜欢的颜色。
va	I	The animal flew up into the air , and it missed .
va	O	我不是万能麦克盖弗，但是我朝他们走过去，在爬行时将手指按入碎石中。
va	I	For some reason this guy 's hand on my thigh makes me feel special , but it 's not like a guy hasn 't touched me before .
va	O	安德鲁在笑，但是尼尔知道他的高兴并不意味着他会好好相处。
va	I	We didn 't let go until we had squeezed all the life out of them , and we grasped an advantage over our enemies .
va	O	她的世界似乎停转了片刻，并且她感到恐慌从她的内心深处开始。
va	O	赞恩本来就睡得很少，而且他摇晃的时候会习惯性地捅泰的肋骨。
va	I	There was no escape and there were no solutions .
va	O	旧伤扭曲了我的脸，并且我后退了一点。
va	O	他的眼皮有点下垂，并且他今天又忘了梳头发。
va	O	我只是觉得那是她所需要的，但是现在回想起来，那更多是一种无意识的行为。
va	I	My covers are on and my light is off .
va	I	He gave a shuddering breath of relief and a tear rolled down his cheek .
va	O	他一看到我在看，那表情却消失了，并且他咧嘴笑了。
va	I	The woman standing on the waves , and he gestured to the two people in the tapestry , the lady cracking the soil open .
va	I	The words hit home , reminding me that I wouldn 't come close to making that list , but I know he 's joking with me .
va	I	I don 't know if I dare promise such a thing , but I want to mention her wedding , perhaps even say I 'll be there .
va	I	I almost lost my balance and my head spun a bit .
va	O	他脸色非常苍白，并且他的眼睛闭着。
va	I	He incoherently mutters something and I pinch Micha 's ass because I can .
va	I	Sebastian was waiting , but I turned around .
va	I	The memory of it vibrating still resonated in his grip , but it was silent now .
va	I	I wanted you to know the truth , but I know that probably doesn 't matter .
va	I	His eyes opened when McPherson closed the door , but Benson appeared to be asleep .
va	I	It was something , but so it wasn 't the Brooklyn Bridge .
va	I	That made me regret half of what I had said moments before , and Lupe had .
va	O	我不认为那是爱，但是我不知道我对亚瑟的感情会走向何方。
va	I	I couldn 't let myself have you , but I knew I wanted you , Conner .
va	I	He loved medicine more than any woman , but they 'd even dated in high school .
va	O	那个流氓挣扎着，并且我放了他。
va	I	Finally he settled , but he shifted around , looking awkward .
va	I	A silver truck was entering the intersection , and the light had turned red .
va	I	Its flaming body now acted as the perfect barrier , and the monster on the bridge had been hit instead .
va	I	He nearly pressed his mouth to her ear and she bent closer to him .
va	O	我绊倒了，并且当我站起来的时候，我不知道该往哪个方向走。
va	O	他想温和地表达这些话，但是没有一个简单的方法来告诉她必须说的事情。
va	I	Though beginning to fade , it 's ungodly huge , and I 've never seen a man 's erection before .
va	I	It shocked me back into awareness , and I saw something bob in the river .
va	I	He set it off to one side , and although it was charred black in places , it looked ready .
va	O	仁低声呻吟着，但是这已经足够了。
va	O	我甚至没有看到小男孩在海湾冰冷的水中挣扎，但是波尔看到了。
va	O	他刷过它，清除了灰尘，并且李维斯牛仔裤后袋的标志出现了。
va	I	I couldn 't seem to soften it , but I knew my face was a scowl .
va	I	She seems to be adjusting pretty well , but she 's only got one good arm .
va	O	我只见过基拉的男朋友几次，因为他们通常离开校园去吃午饭，但是我完全支持他们的恋爱关系。
va	I	When I 'd next opened them , summer had passed me by and SEVENTEEN I 'd blinked my eyes .
va	O	我知道很多人在这种场合会这么说，但是我真心实意。
va	I	No sound came out , but I opened my mouth .
va	I	Dan realized it was his turn to speak , and they looked at each other .
va	I	He committed hard to defend the third , and she showed him three subtle feints .
va	O	她不认为特雷有那种权力，并且森也绝对不会帮她任何忙。
va	O	她到达了附近的森林，并且她什么也看不见。
va	O	今天早上我没指望有什么不同，但是我一踏出前门，就捕捉到了风中传来的人声节奏。
va	I	Daniel peeked from behind the rock , his eyes meeting those of the bird and it landed several feet from them .
va	I	She was still here , but he 'd tried like hell to push her away a dozen times this past week .
va	O	他咯咯地笑了，并且罗伯特站在旁边看着，感觉心里有什么东西在膨胀。
va	I	I 'm pretty sure he 's gone for good this time , and he 's been gone for over a month with no word .
va	O	我不介意支持马尔科姆，但是我希望我能设法把女孩们弄出来。
va	I	His breath became rapid , but he didn 't speak .
va	I	Well beyond Pluto , I 'm sure , but I can 't quite make out where .
va	I	He would identify the truth beneath my lies but I would tell some lies for his happiness .
va	I	You both came through for me when I needed you most , and I couldn 't have gone after Dimitri alone .
va	O	像他一样，她穿着褪色的牛仔裤，但是她被一件厚高领毛衣包裹着。
va	O	他的头向她低下，并且诺亚的嘴唇吻上了她的。
va	O	他分开了她的肉体，并且安德拉的身体绷紧了。
va	O	我心神不宁地坐在那里，好像在做一个噩梦，并且我很快就会醒来。
va	I	The events of the past hours came into focus , and frustrated , she lay there a moment .
va	I	The restaurant was practically empty and soon it was late afternoon .
va	I	A nurse strolled in , and the partially closed door swung all the way open .
va	I	The right thing to do was to not take advantage of that , and he reminded himself that her judgment was compromised .
va	I	They looked mournful now , at night , against their gloomy backdrop of soggy earth , but I loved watching them bloom .
va	O	他知道我可能在这里，而且他害怕面对我。
va	I	He placed the knife beneath her chin and she looked up .
va	O	他知道骑手们在基衡纳的表面是实体的，但是他们化为灵体，以穿越差异到达地球。
va	O	他把烟吸进肺里，然后把大麻烟递给我，但是我摇了摇头。
va	I	He had gotten away again , or Adolf had either not materialized as Sadie had hoped .
va	O	天还很早，太阳刚刚开始升起，但是已经有不少“重启者”在四处走动了。
va	I	He didn 't show up , and supposed to meet Mr. Smallwood .
va	O	利亚姆问，并且我回头看着他。
va	I	When he reached for her she avoided his arms , but Nate joined her by the railing .
va	I	Something told him that the only reason she didn 't fly off the handle was because she already suspected the truth , and her response surprised Tick .
va	O	她发出一声轻柔的、带着呼吸的叹息，并且书从他手中滑落到地板上。
va	O	欲望在他的胸膛里痛苦地燃烧着，但是他没有言语来表达它。
va	O	那不完全是耳光，但是也不是轻柔的触碰。
va	I	He pressed the towel against the wound , and the receptionist handed him a towel from one of the shelves .
va	I	The teachers ' room would be off limits for several more days and the body had finally been removed .
va	O	他把她紧紧抱在怀里，希望能解释自己的感受，但是知道没有言语能表达她所平息的深层需求。
va	O	他的电话响了，并且特洛伊抓起了它，准备与难以捉摸的凯瑟琳·萨德勒交谈。
va	O	我想敷个冷敷，但是我仍然在地板上。
va	O	萨普森让话语悬在空中，并且当安德森仍然没有回应时，继续说了下去。
va	I	It still made her double over literally , but she knew the punch line of course .
va	O	他的身体因多处伤口而疼痛扭曲，但是他没有发出任何声音。
va	I	Linda proved her wrong , but with so many people , Liz thought it would be difficult to get anyone 's attention to listen to them .
va	I	It only makes him groan deeper and his tongue ring grazes my teeth .
va	O	他是个大块头，并且他胃口很大。
va	O	我尽力抵抗了，但是它还是赢了。
va	O	她开始张开嘴唇，但是他炙热的目光阻止了她。
va	O	她开始有了逃跑的冲动，而且她一生中从未逃避过任何事。
va	O	我们同时伸手去拿它，并且我直视着他的脸。
va	O	我试着给他发短信，但是他没有回复。
va	O	我看着她的嘴唇动着，并且我想要结束这一切。
va	O	他们都听见前门砰地一声开了，并且随后是一阵醉醺醺的问候声。
va	I	A woman no less , and his mind was fuzzy as to how a person could outsmart him .
va	O	他的笑声消失了，但是笑容留了下来。
va	I	One of the cops on the ledge responded , and I heard the crackle of a walkie talkie .
va	I	She knew he was well aware of how badly she hated that hospital but she glared at him for several minutes , trying to break him down .
va	I	I 'm gone or come home now .
va	I	For some reason I didn 't want to tell them everything about our relationship , but I knew that I was being vague .
va	I	He wasn 't sure , but it looked like a man 's body .
va	O	麦克为我们点了一瓶梅洛葡萄酒，并且我们都点了招牌主菜烤牛肋排。
va	O	他在她耳边低语，并且她则朝我的方向看。
va	I	That 's not a good thing , and you 're fighting your natural attraction .
va	I	I couldn 't not hate her , too , because she 'd made that choice , and I loved her .
va	I	Still she clung , but she was scared .
va	I	He dashes off , and I nod once .
va	O	无论是谁，西蒙仍然对那个男人很生气，并且她希望自己能说些什么来缓解那种感觉。
va	O	我还没准备好叫他爸爸，但是大卫今天似乎也不太对劲。
va	I	I 'll get you a bright , shiny , new badge and come in tomorrow morning .
va	O	我的手指发麻，但是它不疼。
va	O	走廊对面有人探出头来，脸上带着不满的表情，并且安吉拉迅速朝马特招手示意他进去。
va	I	Her eyes lit up , and Grandma 's brow smoothed .
va	I	My body was happy that it was finally going to get a release and I was still wet .
va	O	我的脸颊发红，并且我低下了头，希望我能收回我说过的话。
va	I	He looked over at me and I looked over at him .
va	O	他们形影不离，并且我每次看到他们都嫉妒得发狂。
va	I	Besides , his Collar had started to go off , and Eric often napped after an intense stalk , retrieving the energy he 'd spent .
va	I	She had just been thinking how little she knew about him , and you had to know someone for that .
va	O	他杀死了我们好几个劳工，并且剩下的人被迫去田里干活，其中三人死于营养不良。
va	O	如果我如此突然地离开，会引起怀疑，而且坦白说，你刚才遇到的那三个人是共产党员。
va	I	She 'd adapted to life with her coven , but she couldn 't say she loved it here .
va	I	That steam heated the air , and the water flowed behind her .
va	O	他的体力进一步衰竭了，但是他决心活下去。
va	I	Harrison took the gesture to mean the conversation was over , and he turned his back .
va	O	我点了点头，而他坐了下来。
va	I	I was still alive , and I 'd been cut loose .
va	I	I let out a mournful cry of bliss and he drove inside me in a single , absolute thrust .
va	I	She needed to get closer , but she tried to make out what she was witnessing .
va	O	他转身走向门口，但是还没等他走几步，克莱尔就紧跟在他身后了。
va	I	Most likely she would never see her former commander again , and he would not be returning before the mission was launched .
va	I	The cameras remained on the police activity on the farmhouse for a moment , but the police car rolled away on the screen .
va	I	I stare at each other and the gravelly sound of a pencil sharpener from the main office fills the silence as Mrs. Collins .
va	I	It wasn 't audible , but he appeared to say something under his breath .
va	I	He saw her in color , something he had not seen in centuries , yet she seemed a stranger to him .
va	O	她让自己去爱，而它却只背叛了她。
va	O	他打算提供许多额外福利，但是他只想要名义上的婚姻。
va	O	我知道此刻听起来可能不是这样，但是我爱我的妹妹。
va	I	All I wanted to do was get closer , and I could feel her small hand in mine .
va	O	我拿着它，并且他把我拉了起来。
va	I	I pushed on anyway , but Sydney 's warnings echoed back to me , about not going crazy with spirit use .
va	O	奥斯汀去世时，他悲痛欲绝，无法挽回，并且她拒绝再让他承受任何痛苦。
va	O	我跑在队伍前面，并且当我转过街角时，看到赞德还站在那里。
va	O	他知道她对他放松警惕的部分原因是因为他坐在轮椅上，而且她不认为他对她有威胁。
va	I	He stayed put , but his head bobbed .
va	I	Still he didn 't change , and he took it all with a stoicism that even I might not have managed .
va	O	没有人会这样做，并且他们永远不会，因为我不能告诉他们任何事。
va	O	她脸上露出一个灿烂的笑容，并且她的眼睛因期待而闪闪发光。
va	I	We tested the hundred yard dash a few more times , and Angel was extremely proud of her guesses .
va	O	他知道他会后悔问的，但是他还是问了。
va	O	阳光照不到这里，非常凉爽，并且这里似乎有着独有的氛围。
va	O	小金耳环从每只耳朵上垂下，并且迈克闻到了最淡的香水味。
va	I	I would let him , and he was playing with me .
va	I	I felt like I might be sick , and I hit Send .
va	I	She could barely stand being in the rooms , but it had been obvious that people had worked hard to clean up the suite .
va	O	我们开始亲吻，并且我们所有的问题似乎都烟消云散了。
va	O	宗教裁判官看起来仿佛她在坚实的地面上迈了一步并且那地面在她脚下坍塌了。
va	O	水手不会游泳，并且油仍在燃烧。
va	I	No letter came in the morning , and I stayed at Rita 's house that Sunday night .
va	O	让我解释几件事，并且然后我们会解决那个问题。
va	I	His friends were noticing , and he was several shades darker than Nora .
va	I	Their weight was crushing her and her chest was heaving .
va	I	No one could ever be sure of the when but Zach had told me they would go away someday .
va	I	Everything 's changed and it 's been less than six years .
va	O	路易莎用左勾拳击中莉娅的头部，但是莉娅用左勾拳击中路易莎的肝脏。
va	O	他把手从毛衣口袋里掏出来，并且我畏缩了一下，仿佛他要用泰瑟枪电我。
va	O	她击中了蛇的眼睛，并且它猛地后退，愤怒地嘶吼着。
va	O	他的眼中燃起怒火，但是她却不肯退缩。
va	I	I had to waive etiquette in pursuit of my quest , but he 'd think me an uncouth lout .
va	O	罗密欧的脚步迟疑了，并且我挥手示意他上前。
va	O	那个细小的声音在我脑海中回荡，并且我立刻在他怀里瘫软下来。
va	O	到今天结束时，我们应该已经完成了舞台照片和迪斯科照片的拍摄。
va	I	Then it 's OK for me to sleep if I want to , and Milo says Miguel will check me out again in a few hours .
va	O	他们根据这个，以及其他与现有证据的不精确分析相关的发现采取了行动。
va	O	我听到了那女人的咯咯笑声，并且我转过身去看着她们。
va	I	The driveway forms a large loop at the front door and english-style gardens break up a perfectly groomed lawn .
va	O	他有办公室的电话号码，但是他从没有在那里给她打过电话。
va	I	He wondered if they would leave Becca bored , but these options were more than enough for Zach .
va	I	I will always be in a stalemate then and I fear Crewe Davids .
va	O	我的眼睛猛地睁开，并且一股热流涌上我的脸。
va	I	He glared in return , and her eyes focused on him .
va	I	I knew where we were going , and we rode north .
va	O	你对在我年轻时发生的事情已经了解一段时间了，但是你仍然留在我身边。
va	I	No matter how many times he denied it , Rand Kincaid cared about others , but he might be a ruthless businessman .
va	O	我早已爱她了，但是这无法解释。
va	I	So far as I could tell , he never missed his mark and Liam steadily loosed arrows .
va	I	Dreaded being alone with him , but she wanted to see him .
va	I	You 've just broken the other glass in the set but I 'd offer you one .
va	I	In your face you couldn 't ignore it and it grew steadily until it exploded into something so vibrant .
va	O	他重新躺回到床上，并且当他感觉到她的手握住他的手时，一丝微笑浮现在他脸上。
va	O	他给了自己又几个小时来与良心搏斗，直到他确信已经过了午夜，并且他悄悄溜出房间。
va	I	Nicole took a soft , deep breath , and the line fell silent for a moment .
va	O	我没想到那个女孩会吃饱，并且我才意识到那可能是因为她的病。
va	I	To pile up knowledge , and I wanted hard things now .
va	I	It was sad , and he heard every private word she uttered .
va	O	我会拿一瓶，并且那将足够了。
va	O	阿莎很特别，并且她值得拥有最好的。
va	O	那根本不会伤害她，并且那对他来说意义重大。
va	I	He nude a face that I wasn 't meant to see , and I pulled my hand out of Jacob 's .
va	O	代客泊车员为她打开了门，并且她滑入了后座。
va	I	We blew it by not mentioning the price on TV , and they expected a free product .
va	I	One shot was all I was gon na need , and Little did he know this was my one shot to take him down .
va	I	He didn 't feel like coming without her , and Angela was sick with the stomach flu .
va	O	他的灵魂正在死去，但是你可以拯救它。
va	O	寂静随之而来，并且我意识到我是唯一一个在手忙脚乱收拾东西时发出噪音的人。
va	O	那可能只是我的想象，但是我敢发誓他笑了。
va	O	椅子上的绳索仍然松弛着，并且她拼命地挣扎着要在他回来之前解脱自己。
va	O	塞巴斯蒂安凝视着妻子光彩夺目的美貌，并且他想嚎叫。
va	O	我们并肩跳跃直到我们大汗淋漓，并且没有更多的音乐能让我们保持站立。
va	I	If he 'd been her brother , he thought he 'd have argued harder against her coming along , and he was worried about her .
va	O	她不确定为什么它会通过她的，但是她知道足以相信她的直觉。
va	I	My eyes met Bo 's again and I lay my head back down .
va	I	There 's no charger , but I open the drawer .
va	O	他松了一口气，看到螺栓完好无损，但是它撑不了多久。
va	I	Since this morning , he had been regressing , and now the boy in his arms seemed impossibly young .
va	O	我不知道她为何会受伤，而且她根本不想要那些鬼东西。
va	O	我想和他分手，但是我不知道该怎么做。
va	I	It was hard at first and we got a campfire going .
va	O	他笑了笑，并且她向后退了。
va	I	I planned to follow in our car , and I thought they would take Mom to the hospital .
va	I	No voluptuous blond nurse answered his silent plea , but his brother glanced back toward the closed door .
va	I	They began their descent , and he pushed the button .
va	O	她转向西边，并且咔嗒声减弱了。
va	O	当那天到来时，我的手又开始颤抖了，但是这次主要是因为紧张。
va	O	我没有大声说出来，但是我真不想待在这里搞清楚他葫芦里卖的什么药。
va	O	他正在大口吃着自己的饼干，而且他甚至还在觊觎她那半碗冰淇淋。
va	I	Now it was deserted , but the square had not been busy before .
va	O	他身上的伤痕触目惊心，但是即使是它们似乎也消褪了一些。
va	O	安妮·玛丽其实并没有忘记，但是她已经把这件事放到了清单的最底端。
va	O	他退后一步，并且他的女朋友艾米丽走在他前面穿过门。
va	I	She ended up with the State , and something happened , though .
va	O	她能感觉到邻居们好奇的目光落在他们身上，并且当她回望时，人群中一片寂静。
va	I	I feel Helena leave my body while Annabella stays behind , and there 's a loud snap , followed by a scream .
va	I	I was pretty sure Aiden would only offer his own , but I wanted a healthy body .
va	I	It was worth a try , but he hadn 't expected anything .
va	I	He had been forced to turn a blind eye and there had already been some extremists quietly disposed of .
va	I	The message was easy enough to understand , but James couldn 't make out the words .
va	O	这个区域有围栏，并且入口有大门。
va	O	很难对一个每周强奸你的人报以同情的耳朵，但是我尽力了。
va	I	She didn 't know why , because she wanted to , and she couldn 't .
va	I	Although she would have scaled Everest without complaining he would make sure that she didn 't overdo things and Sandra tired easily these days .
va	O	我不认为一个人能真正摆脱那种失去的痛苦，但是最终，我很幸运地遇到了你的父亲。
va	I	You 've already moved on , and I know I have screwed things up between us too many times .
va	O	他在她下风口，但是凭着她增强的吸血鬼感官，他仍然担心她会闻到他的气味。
va	O	Sophia大笑起来，并且我瞪了她一眼。
va	I	Victoria was more cunning than most , and he adored intelligent women .
va	O	我停了下来，等他说些什么，但是他却没有说，我则望着窗外。
va	I	Her breath caught in her chest and Noelle looked .
va	I	Three large figures crashed through and the glass windows blew in .
va	I	He gave me a small smile and I sat down next to him .
va	I	He knew he deserved it , and she crossed her arms over her chest defensively .
va	I	I totally get what he is saying , but I have no idea what he 's not telling me .
va	O	Vince对此并不高兴，但是他也没有抱怨太多。
va	I	I nodded , and he asked .
va	O	他说的是实话，就他所知而言，但是整件事还有更多内情。
va	I	He kept removing it and one of the midgets kept placing her hand on Tom 's shoulder .
va	O	这是一个亲密的姿态，并且我对此感到不舒服。
va	I	He managed , but she didn 't know how Dominic was amplifying the smell with the rain falling .
va	I	It was disappointing that he wouldn 't be back so late and I couldn 't wait for him to get back to the hotel .
va	I	Their supplies had reached dangerously low levels , but he felt as if every swallow of water only made him want more .
va	O	我不想相信她所说的话，但是内心深处，我知道她是在说实话。
va	I	Danny felt his irritation rise with the heat and the rap at the door became more forceful .
va	O	新翻的泥土很容易耕作，并且他们太阳升起前就完成了工作，这有利于消除镇上居民的疑虑。
va	I	With not so much as a grunt in return she gave up , but Chris tried to make conversation as they went .
va	I	She trusted that there would be a well-worn trail to it from the observation point , but she didn 't know where his quarters were .
va	O	现在他让你碰他，并且他也从你手里吃东西。
va	O	没有我能用的现有记录，并且我们还得自己创建一个。
va	I	It didn 't move but she pulled on the end piece .
va	I	Frank 's apparent increasing dementia made me uncomfortable , but I searched my mind to find something to talk about .
va	O	训练很辛苦，并且尽管亚历克斯体能非常好，但他从35英里长途行军归来时相当疲惫。
va	O	我很抱歉我们的第一次见面必须如此缺乏人情味，但是我认为在那种情况下这是最好的选择。
va	O	他的嘴唇紧绷，露出牙齿，并且他呼吸急促。
va	O	接着卡洛斯笑了，那是她见过太多次的自鸣得意的笑容，并且洛林意识到自己还活得好好的。
va	O	他现在可能表现出那种烦人的轻浮，但是他已经表现出对我的安康的关心。
va	I	The man wasn 't wearing one , but she didn 't have her mask .
va	O	我感到嘴巴不由自主地张开了，并且我迅速合上。
va	I	All she could hear was the beating of her own heart , but the music was still playing , louder than before , perhaps .
va	O	他们沿着它走，直到它向左分叉，并且他们发现自己来到了鸭溪岸边。
va	I	Now I see it , but I didn 't think you 'd be a good candidate .
va	O	它却没持续多久，并且我的反应也吓到了他们。
va	O	门滑开了，并且我们一起走了进去。
va	O	她的脸很苍白，并且她的眼睛闭着。
va	I	I felt an immense amount of pride rush through me for The Stolen and we laughed .
va	O	她的嘴角微微上扬，露出了一丝微笑，以软化那个信息，那个信息是：以任何方式伤害我的儿子，并且我会摧毁你。
va	I	She pressed her fingers to her lips and the tears now bounded down her cheeks .
va	I	He would not release him , but Chris sputtered , trying to shake his arm free of Luther 's grasp .
va	O	声音现在更高了，更像是哀鸣，并且这让达门知道玛丽的性高潮即将来临。
va	I	He would have his revenge , and she would come to him .
va	I	He suddenly felt a draft , but Charlie didn 't hear anything .
va	O	我们畅通无阻地到达了主楼层，但是一到那里，一切都乱了套。
va	I	We listened carefully and I rang the number again .
va	O	然后它袭来，并且你被淹没了。
va	O	太阳已经消失了，并且天空是深蓝色的。
va	I	Peter cut him off with a look , but Donald went to speak .
va	I	I swung around the other way to crash my heel into his temple , and he blocked a blow that never landed .
va	I	He also liked the slogan but Thompson drank the product constantly .
va	O	我见过他能做的一些事情，并且我想那只是冰山一角。
va	O	我的嘴巴合上顶端，舌头将她更深地拉入我口中，并且我因这感觉而呻吟。
va	I	I felt my cheeks redden and Lea waited for my explanation .
va	O	我的手指麻木了，并且信从我手中飘落到地板上。
va	O	我的背撞到窗户旁边的墙上，并且我举起枪对准他。
va	O	他看向Ryo，并且Ryo对他笑了。
va	I	He wouldn 't have seen it as a shrug , but I shrugged .
va	I	He had to say them , but Dawson hated his next words .
va	I	Her frazzled nerves could feel James 's glare from somewhere nearby , and her face ached from forcing a smile .
va	I	No sleepiness followed ... but sure enough , I started to feel a little tingly .
va	I	When I chanced a peek at his eyes , I saw the last thing I was expecting , and Logan was gentle .
va	O	他的脑海中尖叫着“现在停下”，这是最后一次试图让他远离麻烦，但是他没有力气退缩。
va	O	我觉得同样的词语也可以用来形容她，并且我不确定该说什么。
va	O	那很可怕，并且那很美好。
va	O	一只粗糙的手捂住了她的嘴，并且她被拖走了。
va	O	我试图坐起来，但是我的肩膀仍然无法使用。
va	I	Now there was more rubble than before and the explosions had broken up the comet .
va	I	First ... First there was the priest to take care of , but Altair intended to find out .
va	I	She seemed to be grinning and her chin was held high .
va	I	She stopped him before he could cut into it , but Haven looked at him as he removed the skin .
va	O	这名警官的话可能说的是蹩脚的英语，但是他一边说一边拿出警棍，把他的意思表达得一清二楚。
va	O	我曾多次试图联系他们，有一次甚至恳求，但是他们拒绝听。
va	I	His absence of senses made these memories all the more vivid , and he found himself exploring old memories , the absence of the physical world .
va	O	我认为我之前的帮助正在失效，并且他正在尽力保持精神清醒。
va	I	Flung himself out into the night and he flew through the window with a few strong beats of his wings .
va	O	看到肖恩和他的兄弟们以及他们的妻子在一起，让她看到了她所嫁之人的另一面。
va	O	我有很多话想对他说，但是我甚至不知道从何说起。
va	O	你可能需要一段时间才能存够钱，但是最终你会感觉好一些。
va	I	Some time later everyone in the kitchen heard the jaunty music of the fiddler , and Medea took the cake into the hall .
va	O	他将勃起的阴茎抵在我身上，并且我倒抽了一口气。
va	O	车卡住了，并且她需要离开这里。
va	O	她在躲藏，或者她还没到家。
va	O	克莱尔停了下来，并且我继续走着。
va	I	His little hand dipped into the pouch at his waist , and he walked toward her , still smiling .
va	I	I had learned from experience to stop eating then and my nausea began to ease away .
va	I	At least Dean would have backup , but that might be a recipe for a road trip that ended in a fistfight .
va	I	He started pushing my legs open again , and Tripp 's hand was on my knee .
va	O	凯尔文设法克服了他面前的障碍，但是布雷特却临阵脱逃了。
va	O	那些男孩正在进行一次搜查，但是我们认为我们没事。
va	O	天色已暮，并且太阳已经落到建筑物后面，在小巷里投下黑暗的阴影。
va	I	I gaped at him in confusion , his soft voice , in no way matched his enraged face and he did it again .
va	I	I traded turned into involuntary smiles and the glance Jared .
va	O	天黑了，并且暴风雨停止了。
va	O	我们在这里，但是我们 V在这里。
va	I	We all let out a cheer and he calls happily in response .
va	O	她在她女儿的眼睛里看到了自信，并且有一刻她意识到女儿比她自己更能照顾自己。
va	I	She really turned up the heat , but he always avoided her .
va	I	Torches lit a path through the sand down to the water 's edge and it was a beautiful night .
va	I	I was betting the doors were locked , and all the windows were closed .
va	O	枪在地上，并且他正握着一只血淋淋的手。
va	I	Zach would be appearing with Cuddles any minute now and the clock was ticking closer to 5 p.m. .
va	I	He healed her and that she got hurt somehow .
va	I	I could only imagine how many drinks had been served from its polished , scarred surface and it stretched from nearly end to end .
va	I	A group of men were moving away , disappearing into the distance on horses , and the clawed hand was gone .
va	O	安吉莉卡在雷耶斯拉扯她的皮带时颤抖着，并且她也站稳了脚。
va	O	房子是一个大房间，但是我几乎没有留意周围的环境。
va	O	几分钟后，拉夫的笑容消失了，并且他们都再次陷入了令人不安的沉默。
va	I	He tried not to look at her and Mia tried not to look at Julian .
va	I	Class moved quickly , and I got caught up in the music .
va	I	Something had nagged at her mind , but she didn 't want to worry .
va	I	Here he was , claiming the final dance , yet I hadn 't seen him the entire evening .
va	I	She helped him find easier work in the plants when he came of age and he spent time with her in the city by the factories .
va	I	We weren 't , and she was standing under a streetlight .
va	O	他替我挡了那颗子弹，并且他正好胸部中弹。
va	I	His riders hesitated , and the trick worked .
va	O	两人都不想冒险，但是选择已经做出。
va	I	I 'm determined to make that happen and free to have a good time without any of the other shit .
va	I	Stellan thought the San Francisco Call might ignite from her look alone , but she didn 't reply .
va	I	I began sobbing , my knees giving out on me and the adrenaline rush that had propelled me to run had disappeared .
va	I	He fielded them as I strode away and there were a number .
va	I	She shook her head and Phoebe 's eyes brightened .
va	I	The hit was just as painful , but this time he was not wearing his steel gloves .
va	I	That was absurd ; but it almost felt like sick excitement .
va	I	His eyes were bright with unchecked anger even as his bottom lip quivered , but Pavel didn 't answer .
va	I	She was still staring and I looked up again .
va	O	接着，那个精灵把她的手从她肚子上抽开，并且她的两只手掌都血淋淋的。
va	O	它直径约十英尺，并且表面是拉丝的而不是抛光的。
va	I	He 's pretty reliable and Emerson was in charge .
va	I	We haven 't heard a peep from his room since we got here , and Thayer must have come home earlier than we did .
va	I	It would provide an ideal place to store it and there was an old cupboard in the kitchen .
va	I	That story is of dubious origin , but Hari Seldon , in the course of The Flight , is popularly supposed to have seen an actual robot .
va	I	He staggered over to the couch to grasp the edge and shock widened his eyes .
va	I	All fell within a certain genus , widely different from that of the underground apartments on Earth , but all four were distinct from each other .
va	O	这看起来大多是一个十岁女孩语无伦次的沉思，并且我很快翻过了书页。
va	I	Cassie noticed a solitary tear fall from her chin onto the fresh grass , but Faye looked away .
va	I	The faces retreated into the flames and the voices stopped .
va	O	一分钟过去了，但是没有人出来。
va	O	她试图抑制住因喜悦而颤抖的感觉，但是她确信他一定能感觉到。
va	I	He knew if he didn 't get off the water soon he would start to sink , but Crystal Crier didn 't want to climb it .
va	I	He knew he did not deserve to say that , but Damen wanted to say that nothing happened .
va	I	That helps a little , too , and I try to breathe through my shirt .
va	O	服务员只有一只眼睛，并且她不得不把清单凑到脸边才能看清。
va	O	女人们对麦克一见钟情，并且如此而已。
va	I	The breeze ran through the trees like water in a tranquil stream , and Green leaves hung over her like it was the roof of the world .
va	O	格兰特夫人依次看着他们每个人，并且随后就走开了去召集自己的手下。
va	I	Ash put a hand my arm , but I drew my sword as well .
va	O	Clay 瞥了一眼巡逻车，但是 Allie 没有回头看他。
va	O	我有地方要去，并且我会把你这具死尸留在这里，让你独自在生者中永远游荡。
va	I	He entrusted me with the highest privilege our realm has ever known , and when the battle was lost , Abner sealed himself into the twenty-fourth layer .
va	I	She almost felt like she couldn 't breathe , and the silence that settled was uncomfortable .
va	O	你流着我们的血，然而你却是一名猎人。
va	I	It was the last thing that I wanted , and it seemed to be a day for me to get in fights with people .
va	I	We could as easily be zeroes or with Uriel we could be heroes .
va	I	Pete 's hand went to his gun , and the floor creaked beneath Gene 's feet .
va	O	Miles 看着她远去的背影，并且他的目光下移，在她意识到之前便已欣赏她的可爱臀部。
va	O	总是说《公报》比我们存在得更久，并且我们只是一个拙劣的副本。
va	I	His eyes immediately zeroed in on her lips and he looked up .
va	O	我试着笑，但是听起来很假。
va	O	扭曲仍然存在，但是二元性已经消失了。
va	I	The work is only beginning but the meeting has ended .
va	I	We both stared at it in the ugly light of the ambulance and he took his hand away slowly .
va	O	老师正期待地看着我，并且我因为做白日梦被抓包而脸红了。
va	O	有人把她的头发盘成一个柔软的发髻，并且她的眼睑上带着一丝眼线。
va	O	他直视着我，但是我移开了目光，继续向我的父母解释订婚的事情。
va	O	杰西认识尼克多年了，但是他们彼此并无好感。
va	O	加尔还没有掉头发，但是疤痕组织覆盖了他眼睛本该在的地方。
va	O	一小时前的一通电话证实了安德鲁已死的消息，并且他的同事们都震惊不已。
va	I	That would be simple enough , but it would require some eye surgery , of course .
va	O	这些话语说得很轻松，但是其中透露着一丝痛苦的渴望。
va	I	She turned to face him and his hand fell away .
va	I	The whole tagging thing , but I also have a thousand reasons to lie to you ?
va	O	我告诉她她是如何称呼伊珂为天使的，并且我终于听到我妈妈咯咯地笑了。
va	O	她放下了手臂，并且袖子垂过了她的指尖。
va	I	She had a chair to cover , and the skins had arrived at the workshop the previous evening .
va	I	It was a relief that he didn 't just offer me assurances , and I could tell that he was thinking about what I said .
va	I	He turned to scowl at Sofie , and Viggo 's face fell in despair .
va	O	两名男子共用一辆小货车，并且我与水管工迪恩共用我的那辆。
va	O	我们还需要六个月才能到达那里，而且持续的加油费用昂贵。
va	I	Carol knew it , and it wouldn 't do any good to argue .
va	I	The light was unforgiving , but Nick eased carefully through the narrow opening , eyes everywhere , trying to blend in with his surroundings .
va	I	He nodded grimly and Stalin was watching the memory cross Alejo 's face .
va	I	There was no pretending it was fine now , and the crack in my heart had finally broken wide .
va	O	他的嘴角微微上扬，但是他保持了目光的坚定。
va	I	You stare and look , I 'll stand still .
va	I	I realized she 'd asked me a question , and mom said .
va	I	Hopefully it won 't come to that , but I 'd rather not die here tonight .
va	O	其中一人指着外面什么东西，而且他们都爆发出一阵喧闹的哄笑。
va	O	“不，只有我一个人，”她说道，而且不知怎的蒂芙尼知道她说的是实话。
va	O	他又凑近我的耳朵，而且我的身体做好了迎接冲击的准备。
va	I	That would never due and just look at this family alone if everyone made the choices they did , his underworld would never grow .
va	I	Her legs were trembling and he saw how she blushed with his closeness .
va	I	Then decided she 'd come so far , might as well go all the way , and she 'd wondered if she should add this .
va	I	His mouth pulled into a frown , and Knox shook his head at Luke .
va	O	玛丽仍然在兼职帮忙，但是她大部分工作都是在家用电脑完成的。
va	O	两种可能性都存在，而且那才是我悲伤的真正根源。
va	I	Noelle grabbed his arm , but he brushed by her .
va	O	我们不知道你离开后到底发生了什么，但是它的影响已经很明显了。
va	O	他刚才感受到的决心似乎消失了，并且胃里的恶心感又重新涌了上来。
va	O	她没有电话答录机，并且如果有人在家找不到她，他们可以试试她的许多其他电话线路。
va	I	I couldn 't comprehend what he was saying but I heard Julian 's shouts in the background .
va	O	她头晕目眩，并且她感到失去平衡。
va	O	萨姆在第一拍上与他配合，并且我随着旋律加入。
va	I	Her comment made it harder to ignore , but I had tried very hard not to think about how much the jewelry he gave me was worth .
va	O	我们不怎么吵架，只是有点小争执，但是我们开始互相惹恼了。
va	O	浴室没有太多额外的空间，但是因为它只有她一个人用，所以也够用了。
va	O	我屏住了呼吸，并且我的心率加快了。
va	O	你走了，并且我年纪越来越大了。
va	O	塞巴斯蒂安的眼睛眯了起来，并且他猛地转过身。
va	O	他向她走了一步，但是一名守卫抓住了他的手臂，把他拉了回去。
va	O	他是否因为我们揭露了他而生气，我不知道，但是我有一种感觉他可能真的不在乎。
va	O	我们在离奥利弗公寓最近的公交车站下了车，并且我把手挽进他的手臂，我们沿着路走着。
va	I	It doesn 't , but God , Olivia , it would be one thing if any of that stuff works .
va	O	斯崔克摇着头，咆哮着，但是我对他态度坚决。
va	O	没有光从上方传来，并且他想他一定是跌落到了森林下方某个被遗忘的深渊。
va	I	He wasn 't worried about losing his job , but Cain hadn 't spent much time working since Sheridan 's attack .
va	O	身体紧贴着身体，他的坚硬紧紧地贴着她的腹部，并且他的吻让她启开红唇。
va	O	我的声音柔和得很有欺骗性，但是 我只想骂人。
va	I	We 'd never created any paths , but I 'd done some sneaking in the woods with Stalker during our journey north .
va	O	她正要指责他的当众失态，但是 似乎没有人真正注意到他的闪电般的速度。
va	I	I retired my train of thought for another work day , and Work ended .
va	I	Jorge studied his boots and Miguel shifted uncomfortably .
va	O	她开始坐起来，并且 我把她抱紧。
va	O	她环顾四周，仿佛预料到会有麻烦，但是 麻烦并没有到来。
va	O	警察给我的父母打了电话，并且 我被带回家了。
va	I	This time she let him take it and he lifted her bag again .
va	I	She knew her words had to be carefully chosen and she knew the letter was going to be short .
va	I	She 'd expected me to be black , and I 'd expected Mookie Preston to be completely white .
va	I	Archer had a way of making that happen , and Josie needed to clear her mind so she could rest .
va	I	The strain on his mind was serious but we managed to remove the enchantment that was causing instability in his autonomous nervous system .
va	I	The sound was immediately muffled by the mass of books , but her heels were clicking the metal floor .
va	O	她对他笑了笑，并且 他也犹豫地笑了笑。
va	I	Hers was too , and his mind was made up .
va	I	I couldn 't stop shivering , and it was pretty cold even for a ghost .
va	O	我把手放在躺椅上稳住自己，并且 我用力眨眼以清除模糊的视线。
va	O	他的眼睛因惊讶而睁大，并且 他惊讶地张开了嘴，一声响亮的饱嗝随之逸出。
va	I	Daytime channel surfing can only keep you busy for so long , but I turned on the TV .
va	O	那些话语似乎在风中飘散，并且我们沉默地坐在那里。
va	O	她脸颊上的血色褪去，并且她竟然踉跄后退了一步。
va	I	The words came out a bit slurred , but she managed to find her voice .
va	I	I knew he was about to say something that was going to get him smacked and he flicked a glance at me .
va	I	Cassidy heard uneasiness in his voice , but the words sounded simple enough .
va	I	It wasn 't just about me , and they still hadn 't let up .
va	O	我立刻明白住在那里不会容易，但是我没有太多选择。
va	I	Jake knew he couldn 't afford to stop , but they were on red .
va	O	我们没有说话，但是我们向来如此。
va	I	I swallow and I sense him stepping in close .
va	I	I was ready and somehow I knew she 'd say that .
va	O	那个男人的脸上有一天的胡茬，并且他的脖子被太阳晒红了。
va	O	每个人都争先恐后地离开了椅子，并且房间在几秒钟内就被清空了。
va	I	It needed to happen quickly for her personal protection , but he would do whatever she needed to feel reassured .
va	O	他正经过又一个隧道口，但是这一个上面钉着一块木板。
va	O	他们有一支常备民兵，但是他们不怎么巡逻。
va	I	I ignore it , but my injured hip protests a little .
va	I	She pulled it away , biting her bottom lip , and her hand reached out .
va	O	这些肢体反应不如我旧的肢体快，但是也许那只是因为我还不习惯它们。
va	O	那些猎犬现在与我们保持着距离，但是它们仍然跟着我们。
va	I	No thanks , just hands held out for more , more , more and all the work we do .
va	I	He 'd discovered something about himself , but Logan was as understanding as the next guy .
va	I	They were experienced enough to dull their nerves with alcohol , but he might intimidate other women .
va	I	I began to read and I had brought my old journal with me .
va	I	He didn 't care , but Jimmy 's body ached .
va	I	I need your help and I 'm in trouble .
va	I	Slam closed , and then she felt the portal activate again .
va	O	又有一次刻意的停顿，而且我能想象她瞥了一眼她的同伴，打量着他。
va	I	Fellowes nodded , and DS Scott offered to lead .
va	I	The dew was definitely off the rose , but Peter might not think she needed Oil of Olay .
va	O	他正面临死亡，因此我也一样。
va	I	I knew they weren 't furtive and I felt eyes on us now .
va	O	他可以再次自慰而无需让她满足，但是他享受这次高潮的程度却远没有以前那么强烈。
va	O	他可能不喜欢艺术型的人，但是他对艺术本身是有感应的。
va	O	等我把车开进自动车库时，风势已经略有减弱，而且雨正像蒙蒙细雾一样落下。
va	O	那个女人对他眨了眨眼，但是她的表情依然没有任何变化。
va	O	他听到她在他身后轻轻呼气，并且他回头看她。
va	I	Marya 's excitement had been shared with the crew and the crew had watched torpedoes from their own screens .
va	I	He was smiling and the steam from his coffee curled up around his withered face .
va	I	The walker begins to stir , but I pull the needle out .
va	I	It was after my grandmother died and I had only cried one time in front of her .
va	O	大多数人不会期望在马桶里看到一个头，但是，哈维不是大多数人。
va	I	Only after I was sure there was no danger in her room was when I entered mine , and I watched Haley enter the room .
va	I	The skies were pouring with the arrival of winter rain , and Mother Nature however put a stop to that .
va	I	I tried to explain what had happened and Brad handed me a wad of tissues .
va	O	对他而言，如同永恒过去，但是他慢慢感觉到自己恢复了自控。
va	O	享受生活是我的目标，并且我不会是那种总是在家看电视的“明智”类型的人。
va	O	两人互相道别，并且皮帕离开了，回家去了。
va	I	I had said the words and I had made my decision .
va	I	The sparkling depths were filled with a white light , pulsating beneath the surface and the rain lightened .
va	O	给我一分钟，并且我就会加入你。
va	I	Now , after all that has happened this weekend , I 'll have no end of work , but I had plenty when I left home .
va	I	It came out as something strangled but I tried to laugh with her .
va	O	击锤已扳起，并且我的手指正按在扳机上。
va	I	The thought of moving before having her , before showing her the stars , was painful , but he realized a cold floor wasn 't ideal .
va	O	我喜欢舒适，并且我喜欢看起来好看。
va	O	胖查理开始唱歌，并且听众也开始听了。
va	I	That was no minor inconvenience and we were guarding seventeen convicts .
va	O	她无法呼吸，但是她没有抱怨。
va	I	She felt the loss of his presence instantly , and the warmth was gone .
va	O	他用力捏了她一下，并且她又来了一次。
va	I	It had worked well , and she knew this had started with him trying to distract her from asking any more questions .
va	O	泰尔不让她去任何地方，但是他首先需要让她冷静下来。
va	I	Her friends had abandoned her when they found out what she had done but she thought about who she could call .
va	O	我不是什么刚毕业的新人，而且我拒绝忍受你的不良行为。
va	O	她的心情依然很困惑，但是愤怒正在赢得这场战斗。
va	O	吉米尽可能愤怒地说，但是真正的恐惧出卖了他的敌意。
va	I	I quickened my pace and the sun was sinking fast .
va	O	我本应该意识到凯西会去找阿利克斯，但是直到那一刻我才想到。
va	O	几乎立刻，沙恩的身体在她体内最后一次涌动，并且他将她紧紧拥入怀中。
va	I	Cliches were useful sometimes , but yeah , it was a cliche .
va	I	She was already holding onto her sanity for dear life and Melissa hadn 't even spent a day in my world .
va	I	I let out a chuckle , and it was too much .
va	I	He smiled a little too pleasantly and John 's eyes flicked toward Sam .
va	I	He obviously preferred to ignore his own future but Jonas had a talent for reading the past .
va	I	It wouldn 't have taken much to send her scurrying , and she was a timid creature .
va	O	她的脸感到麻木，并且她的双手正在颤抖。
va	I	It was not my own , but CHAPTER NINE The following morning I woke to an empty bed .
va	I	I was fine with Mick , but my first guess would have been Tiny .
va	O	他在任何地方都能认出那个紧翘的屁股，而且他指的不是莫莉小姐的。
va	O	他的香烟垂向草地，并且他把它扔进了火里。
va	I	They were only there as decoration , but thick scientific tomes lined the walls .
va	I	They don 't want us to suffer for them and when it 's their time , they know .
va	O	我明白我父亲的用意，但是我根本不在乎。
va	O	它松开了，并且她把它掉了。
va	I	Once an entire city put to the torch , all of it sent up in flames , and I 'd seen walls torn down .
va	O	我已经接受了它，而且我已经继续前进了。
va	I	Whispered voices greet each other and the gallery begins to fill .
va	O	因为我记得那个声音，并且与之相关的痛苦。
va	O	胳膊碎成了碎片，并且警长茫然地站着。
va	O	在他的新世界里有那么多奇怪的事情，并且这只是清单上又一个奇怪的东西。
va	O	我以为我进入俱乐部时警报会响，并且我会被时尚警察逮捕。
va	O	妈妈虽然什么也没说，并且我上楼去拿我的背包。
va	I	He did , but Doyle may have told you that he did not know Alistair was booked on that flight , just as he told me .
va	I	They went to a nearby tree and Lea grabbed Julie by the hand .
va	I	She released a relieved breath , and the country dance began .
va	I	He gave a little laugh and Dante 's head fell back .
va	I	She really , really loved a powerful car , but she wasn 't one of those people who thrived on an adrenaline rush .
va	I	She convinced herself that she had imagined its previous expression entirely , and his face returned to a more amiable state .
va	O	他朝我方向扑来，并且我开火了。
va	O	每次野餐都有土豆沙拉，并且每个厨师都有不同的食谱。
va	O	他的眼珠在唱歌，并且他的牙齿在跳舞。
va	O	我凌晨四点左右睡着了，并且感觉我整晚都没睡。
va	O	瑞安没有被纳入家庭讨论，但是他听着他们的担忧时保持了沉默。
va	O	她不知道的是，地面比她意识到的要近得多，并且她差点失去平衡。
va	O	她长得如此美丽不是她的错，而且我当然不能责怪杰特被她吸引。
va	I	Suddenly she couldn 't stand to be close to him , but he was turned away from her , talking to Jared .
va	O	我会稍后阅读那张纸条，但是我早已知道上面写了什么。
va	I	It was worth far more than that to him , but the giant green fish 's meat would feed the village for the rest of the season .
va	I	She could have survived without him in her life , and she 'd never expected to see Rand Kincaid again .
va	O	我身边没有人，但是我感觉我并不孤单。
va	I	Manuel had seen his mother shake her head slowly in reply and the man squinted when he said the word ' friendly ' .
va	I	I 'll brush one of them and how about you grab both .
va	I	In both instances they occurred after she had made midnight visits to the work area , and the problems began when she arrived .
va	I	A little resigned , and this one sounded tired .
va	I	He ran his thumb along my bottom lip and Clay 's eyes darkened .
va	I	It came through in the tone of his voice and he was less nervous already .
va	I	He leaned down toward her , as if wanting to assert that he was alive now , and his eyes darkened .
va	O	当事情对你来说有点太艰难时你会走开，并且当他人不再有价值时你会践踏他们。
va	I	I wasn 't sure what he was doing , but I heard him stop next to the bag .
va	O	他感觉很好，但是他是对的。
va	O	我一直在做一些灵魂拷问，并且只有一个决定是感觉对的。
va	O	他似乎认识这里的人，并且他们立刻给我们拿来了一瓶酒。
va	I	Now she was terrified and she knew he understood her private thoughts .
va	I	She returned her gaze to his , and Lord Merrick cleared his throat .
va	I	When she got into the full light she saw his quick , intelligent blue eyes catalog the bruises , and she did , trying not to limp .
va	O	我走了很远的路，并且现在回去简直是疯了。
va	I	It 's for your own good , but you may not be excited about getting vaccinated .
va	O	今天见到肯尼斯让我相信了这一点，但是我不希望你对我们之间的一切感到一丝怨恨。
va	O	很好玩，但是不刺激。
va	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to throw myself into the kiss .
va	O	我眼角瞥见布兰登的手伸过来想抓住我，但是我太快了。
va	O	她扭动着，并且她的眼睛猛地睁开。
va	I	What could he do , but he wanted to help ?
va	O	现在我得到了两个哥哥的全部注意力，而且我的脸颊感觉就像一直靠在热炉子上一样。
va	O	我的头比平时跳得更厉害，并且我揉了揉太阳穴。
va	I	I 'm sticking to it and at least that 's my theory .
va	O	他的语气很平淡，但是他的寓意却很深远。
va	O	我等待澄清，但是他的回答很完整。
va	O	我站了起来，并且我的腿摇晃着。
va	O	小径翻过一道低矮的山脊，并且就看到村庄沿着一条小河排开，倒不是我能看见那条河。
va	I	He also knew that wasn 't happening , but yeah , he wanted it to last .
va	I	Nick stepped closer and he pulled back .
va	O	他担忧地看着我，并且我甚至不敢相信他嘴里说出来的话。
va	I	I stayed inside , but I saw a few people wander by yesterday , probably looking for other people .
va	O	我绞尽脑汁想关于自己的有趣琐事，但是我却只能想到那些令人尴尬的。
va	O	大厅似乎是用纯金制成的，并且窗户是华丽的蓝色调。
va	I	Whenever he heard news , he would read it eagerly , and the Confederacy was always close to Willem 's mind .
va	O	她有着年轻女性的体态，但是她穿的衣服却明显不同寻常。
va	O	他们会为她而死，并且她会为他们而死。
va	O	威廉亲吻她乳房的记忆在她脑海中闪现，并且她发现自己脸红发热。
va	I	Somehow he won , but it was a hard fight .
va	I	I had to make sure he was all right and I 'd seen the arrow aimed right at Tony .
va	I	From the stance I could tell that he was terrified , but with the moon behind him , he was in shadow .
va	I	People couldn 't hear her , for whatever reason , but that 's what she 's always been saying .
va	O	一声清晰的皮肉撞击硬物的声音响起，但是那声音不是从他那里发出的。
va	O	他低沉的咆哮令人恐惧，但是她拒绝转过身去。
va	O	他眯起眼睛看向窗外，显然在思考，并且我清楚地感觉到他认为我说的话很重要。
va	O	心砰砰直跳，她拉了拉手臂，但是卢卡斯把她按在座位上。
va	I	Evidently , I wasn 't successful , but I attempted to hide my surprise .
va	I	I never saw a thing , but I looked over my shoulder once in a while for a sign that they might be gaining on us .
va	O	他随后得到了她的电话号码，并在一天发信息后，向她求婚。
va	O	一片寂静笼罩着那片巨大的空地，那里巨大的火焰熊熊燃烧，并且音乐继续奏响。
va	O	“不，我只是经验很丰富，”奇奇说，并且决定已经做出了。
va	I	I drank , and I pulled up my hands , Duke keeping his palm cupped beneath mine .
va	O	卡莉知道那听起来很刻薄，但是那就是她的感受。
va	O	梅格挽着我的胳膊，并且我们走向了客厅。
va	O	他每晚都让卡拉睡在他的床上，并且他还想要别人？
va	O	这很奇怪，但是这感觉很亲密：这是我从未习惯的。
va	I	They were lying on the end of the bed when he awakened , but he had no idea where the change of clothes had come from .
va	I	I had not been comfortable with that , but Luke had suggested that he could pay the whole rent .
va	I	Maybe I could get one more use out of them , but burning would be too good for the filthy garments .
va	O	他的脸几乎垂到了地上，但是无法与精灵争辩。
va	I	It served as an advertisement for Lukas Carter 's craftsmanship and an ornate hand carved tree was always on the front porch .
va	I	I could see it , but I didn 't understand it .
va	I	I 'm still in the same position I was in earlier , so I know I just fell asleep and it 's still dark .
va	O	我点了点头，并且他一言不发地转身，消失回了墙壁的裂缝中。
va	I	She wouldn 't know that , but he had no intention of hurting her .
va	I	I didn 't plan on it , and I didn 't tell him about the seething rage I felt during the transformation .
va	I	When I start to repeat myself , I get irritated , and I slog through the answers .
va	O	我讨厌看到她哭，并且我的手本能地伸向了她。
va	I	She was stunningly beautiful when she smiled , but objectively , he thought she was average looking .
va	I	There was no call to discuss the matter and that was different .
va	I	I didn 't ... but I could have .
va	O	我的天，他说他家人口众多，但是这让沃顿一家看起来像“孤儿”。
va	O	两个鸡蛋都比我自己的略大，壳也更厚。
va	I	I know that it 's Knox and a snarl comes from behind me .
va	O	他几乎要为这明显的结果发笑，但是他拒绝发慈悲。
va	I	His stride became slightly erratic and his hands began to tingle .
va	I	The cell company couldn 't get a report on the number , but this could easily be how she communicated with the President .
va	O	我们都爱杰斯，并且我们都失去了他。
va	O	达芙妮露出了顽皮的笑容，并且贝琳达俯视着她笑了。
va	O	那个下午是杰玛的下午，但是那也是才艺表演的练习时间。
va	O	老鹰来自山里，并且乌鸦在荒地的外缘徘徊。
va	O	他的嘴角勾起，并且她僵住然后转回佐尔坦。
va	I	His hair was still combed in the usual way but his fringe was much shorter .
va	I	I 've had to begin avoiding her at school and even Gemma 's begun to notice something 's off with me .
va	I	I peed and I squatted a little .
va	O	她脸上的瘀伤几乎完全消失了，并且肩膀不痛了，尽管摸起来仍然发疼。
va	O	就像她正在逐渐远去，并且我抓不住她。
va	I	Still wasn 't back , and Lena had gone upstairs two minutes ago .
va	O	我想亲吻她，但是我不能，因为丹特会在那里。
va	O	我遇到了其他人，并且她大概也一样。
va	I	I should have been able to do it and it was just sex .
va	I	His eyes shone with hope , but Painter stared at Luca , who remained stoic .
va	O	我用双拳猛敲门，但是他甚至连动都没动一下。
va	O	我告诉父母他还有更多的演出安排，并且他们仍然被诺拉弄得太心烦意乱，无法进一步询问。
va	I	This time it opened and he tried the door again .
va	I	Melinda was just scooting out of the booth when Sean pulled her in for a quick , hard kiss , and Katie kissed Rafe .
va	I	I 'll live , but it 's bad .
va	I	There were also older ones , taken in Hollow decades ago , but there were the old photographs he had once been looking at .
va	O	人们转过头来，并且紧张的眼神与我对视。
va	O	她不停地按着它，但是维多利亚还没有出来。
va	O	我的目光飞向了他，并且热度涌上我的脸颊。
va	I	This title provoked her curiosity , and this is what my daughter saw when she opened the box .
va	I	The grip around her chest tightened , but she struggled against her captor , tried to smash her head against whoever it was .
va	O	她的蹄声放松了我的肌肉，并且旅途如此平稳，我觉得自己像是在温柔的海浪上冲浪。
va	O	屋顶现在和墙壁一样完好，并且只剩下门口了。
va	I	He heard something else hit the wall behind him and Walt felt something brush the side of his head .
va	O	卢克不情愿地说，并且我不得不钦佩他的风度。
va	O	薄煎饼并非万灵药，但是与科恩分享它们肯定会让我的一天好过许多。
va	O	穿越时空让她衣服都皱了，并且她闻起来好像该洗个澡了。
va	I	She was bleeding badly and he wasn 't going to tell her that the bone was sticking out .
va	O	那里面有会伤害我的东西，并且他知道这件事。
va	O	我的头左右摇晃，并且我的眼睑慢慢合上。
va	O	杰夫坚持要在一起，无论杰奎琳何时决定离开，但是布雷克是一个骄傲的人。
va	O	我的弱点对我尖叫，但是我必须做些什么。
va	O	伊桑关切的问题飘过痛苦的记忆，并且她眨了眨眼，转向他声音的方向。
va	O	我和别人一样喜欢冒险，但是我经历过太多次与死亡擦肩而过。
va	O	我扫视房间，想看看她是否躲在某个角落里，但是她无处可见。
va	O	他们可以玩一会儿捉迷藏，但是如果他们留在岛上，他们就会被发现。
va	O	他不能就这样抛弃她，而且他甚至不知道去哪里找她之前提到的这个莎莉。
va	I	Vin had grown into the habit of burning a little bit of tin at all times , but it was distant .
va	I	Our parents had a strict rule about that , and it was a ten-minute walk through the woods .
va	O	赛奇带路，而且胡安妮塔跟着。
va	I	Her bare feet slipped in the mud , and the first creature struggled on the hill .
va	I	Zook gasped furiously at the air and the grip on his throat released .
va	O	僧侣们过来安慰他们，但是对于这样的失望，没有任何安慰。
va	O	她试图让自己平静下来，但是这并非没有困难。
va	I	He began to chant and Geoffrey 's arms lifted .
va	I	He caught it in both hands and it hit him in the chest .
va	I	I were allowed to leave and she spoke once again before Jack .
va	O	我不会告诉他们，而且我知道你也不会。
va	I	Rex is leaner , but Jack is taller .
va	O	它有一扇圆形窗户可以俯瞰海港，而且它有一张大床。
va	I	Mike could see that she was , and the doctor had said she was still fragile .
va	O	他的第三次尝试失败了，而且那个孩子接手了。
va	O	特拉维斯似乎和他们一样玩得很开心，而且看到他让她想微笑。
va	I	He slipped out because he was concerned and we had him over while his mother was on the sting .
va	O	你要去放松，睡一觉，而且我要减压。
va	I	The gown tangled around my legs , but I rolled in the snow , fighting to come to my feet .
va	I	Water rushed in to fil the vacancy and Air began to escape .
va	O	我转过身去，没有理会他，而且走到大厅一半的时候我看到塔比莎站在她的门口。
va	O	我当时肯定还在他的车里睡着，或者也许这一天根本就没有真正发生过。
va	O	我回头看向那些排，而且每个方向都有人。
va	I	I can see now I was just being used , and you aren 't what they claim you are .
va	O	现场并不凌乱，而且毒品还在那里。
va	I	I love you , too , and you said you love me .
va	I	With late night supplements it came to nearly thirty five pounds , and we took a cab back to my flat .
va	O	女人们转过头来看我，但是潘继续唱着她的歌。
va	O	埃德温娜可能一直在说，而且她还没有意识到。
va	O	有打火石摩擦钢的响声，而且蜡烛再次摇曳着亮了起来。
va	O	那对他来说是一个相当老式的提议，但是他意识到她不太对劲。
va	O	我感觉到他的手在我脸颊上，而且我抬头看着他淤青的脸。
va	I	He got carried away with a knife , and he had told the doctors that he was trying to fix a recurring pain in his ankle .
va	I	At this point he felt it was too late for him to turn back , but Richard still had his reservations about Matt 's level of commitment .
va	O	他似乎做出了最终决定，并且他压抑的不确定感消失了。
va	I	He was badly frightened , all the same , but he thought .
va	O	他呼吸沉重，并且他的瞳孔已经散大了。
va	I	A ghost appeared riding a white stallion , and the beam radiated around the throne room .
va	O	已经过了几分钟了，并且她又感到冷了。
va	O	我父母用俄亥俄州的寒冬换来了德克萨斯州的炎夏，并且他们热爱住在达拉斯。
va	O	离中午还有五分钟，并且我交叉手指希望有人能快点出来。
va	I	The Hun propped up the spear 's shaft on the soft soil to admire the picture in the rain and it was still burning .
va	I	They think they 've got that under control , but he had a lot of congestion .
va	O	也许你的魔法吸引了杰克，并且他杀了你。
va	I	The secretary nudged his back , causing him to stumble forward and Roger stood frozen for a moment .
va	O	那是一种他再熟悉不过的感觉，并且他恨自己让她现在感受到了那种感觉。
va	O	他看到他们走近时站了起来，并且塔拉屏住了呼吸。
va	I	He hoped it was true , and it was a theory that he had only just come up with .
va	O	嗯，你确实得到了那个，但是你也得到了一个营销天才。
va	I	It had a flaw but it was a good idea .
va	O	哈利想说她以前从未见过那个受伤的男人，但是有些东西告诉她这不可能是真的。
va	O	她的胃深处发出了一声巨响，并且我知道她饿了。
va	I	I backed away , but rhys stepped forward again .
va	O	它被灌木丛覆盖着，但是有一扇小窗户。
va	O	他戏剧性地呼出一口气，并朝我投来一个假装不赞同的目光，并且他接着向我伸出手。
va	O	他费力地睁大眼睛向外看，但是很难透过有色窗户看到里面坐着谁。
va	O	潜行者以前建议过，而且远射总是否决这个想法。
va	I	There was nothing but senses blared with alarm .
va	O	老人又看了她一眼，并且她能感觉到他有多严肃。
va	O	令他惊讶的是，她也是如此，并且他忽然想到她一直在模仿某个美国男教师。
va	I	She pushed no further , but Blood began to seep where the tip of her blade rested .
va	I	He still didn 't see me but Mister Marengo , he looked around .
va	I	I sat back up , and Bastian stroked my hair .
va	O	幸好水还在流着，并且浴室壁橱里的毛巾是干净的。
va	I	My eyes stung as tears started to prick them and I knew I could not be strong much longer .
va	O	瓦妮莎也听到了，并且她往同一个方向瞥了一眼。
va	O	他们让她在我面前跪下，并且他们让我把枪对准她的头。
va	I	The drowsy little head bobbled and the girl rubbed her eyes again .
va	O	她的语气很嘲讽，但是她的性情却冷若冰霜。
va	O	他把我放下，并且我发现自己正对他咧嘴笑。
va	I	Her very skin began to hum , and Lily 's heart began to hammer .
va	I	Then he asks about the people I met there , but I relax as he asks me about medical school .
va	I	Luther was not about to let her forget it , and she was doing awful .
va	O	巴克是最慢的，并且其他人都能轻易地追上他。
va	I	The Laundromat wasn 't busy yet and it was early in the day .
va	I	She stuck her chin out in the air with sheer determination , and seconds ticked by .
va	I	Her eyes said yes , but she snarled .
va	O	他把嘴从她的嘴唇上移开，并且达格玛意识到她的舌头差点就跟着他过去了。
va	I	I don 't like it and he 's holding my knife .
va	I	The aircraft touched down , and the wheels bounced once .
va	I	He realized that he was probably never going to see his parents again and the true realization was beginning to set it .
va	O	我睡了一个小时，[他们在睡了一个小时后把我叫醒了]，而且我带着陌生梦境的零碎记忆冲了澡。
va	O	第10章 叙述继续 我正在安静地思考并享用一些下午茶点，这时来了一位最受欢迎的访客。
va	O	她甚至不想偶然听到，但是在一个像这样的小地方那是不可能的。
va	O	我跟着他走进树林，并且我们走了很长一段时间。
va	O	房间的气场就像一块磁铁，而且他知道自己必须挣脱离开。
va	I	She needed to exercise some control , and her sister would leave after tonight .
va	I	It was like nothing I had seen before , but a dorsal fin rose out of the water .
va	I	I saw that he couldn 't speak , and then he lay back on his bed .
va	O	他的双脚踩在他身体两侧的沙子里，并且一个看起来像铅块的麻袋压在他的胸口。
va	O	他曾相信上帝今天要创造一个奇迹，但是目前情况看起来并非如此。
va	O	蹄声越来越响亮，而且震动摇晃着我脚下的泥土。
va	I	Carrie hoped to meet Vaughn 's mother , but they hadn 't made any definite plans .
va	I	The ship couldn 't fly itself , but it might be a new frigate .
va	I	He refused to give her what she wanted , but he gave her only an inch , then two .
va	I	She didn 't want to give him cause to consider it , but Reid might not be able to decipher what it was immediately .
va	O	视频开始播放，并且露西·泰勒仰卧着，赤身裸体，如同她出生那天一样。
va	O	通常我会感到难过，但是这次我没有。
va	O	我抱住了她，并且她吻了我的脸。
va	I	His were burning and his eyes came to mine .
va	I	Rooster exchanged a smile with Max , but that was patently untrue .
va	O	喇叭声大作，并且警笛尖鸣。
va	O	愤怒弥漫在他的脸上，并且她能看出他为了克制自己不动手打她所做的努力。
va	I	We began our walk and he continued snacking on the apple slice .
va	I	Julie tried to tell him to run , and the world was moving in slow motion .
va	I	Gale 's assigned the real target , but everyone has at least one section of windows to blow out .
va	I	My anger soared , and she laughed at me .
va	I	The air was already warm and outside the clouds were thick .
va	I	She closed her eyes and his face pressed into her hair .
va	I	I couldn 't bring myself to talk to her , but she tried to call me a few times at the facility .
va	I	Her throat burned , and tears came to her eyes .
va	I	The tousled look he now has going on is terribly inviting , and he pushes a hand through his hair , messing it up again .
va	O	其中一人向她迈出一步，并且她将目标转向了他。
va	I	If he pushed her farther than she wanted to go , she had her safe word , and she knew he 'd never hurt her .
va	I	Lucio kept staring at him unafraid , but Cristobal roared standing in front of Lucio , his eyes being a head above Lucio 's .
va	O	他们身处陡峭的悬崖边，并且艾哈迈特的轮子从上面碾了过去，从而导致他的马车也随之坠落。
va	I	The mystery in his eyes give me the guts Holly said I never had and Rex turns the corner .
va	O	她用一种奇怪的、几乎是审视的眼神回望我，并且我赶紧掩饰了我那再次可能引起误解的言辞。
va	O	殖民地得到了妥善的保护，并且袭击者减少了。
va	I	I stared at shelves filled with bagged blood and he opened the refrigerator door .
va	O	夜幕正在蔓延，并且死亡迫在眉睫。
va	O	是的，我想，并且记忆，像那龙卷风一样，也开始成形了。
va	O	我快速地向顶层公寓后退了一步，但是一只手抓住了我，把我猛地拽了回去。
va	O	这座岛屿在我心中占据了特殊的位置，并且我会舍不得离开这里。
va	O	瑞秋渴望那件长袍，但是伊桑还没完事呢。
va	I	Blood rushed to her cheeks and he held it to his lips .
va	I	He curled his lip in triumph when he stroked one finger down my cleft and he shoved my skirt up to bare me completely .
va	O	尖叫声小了一点，但是它仍然在那里。
va	I	My whole body began to ache again , and stroking the smooth surface conjured memories of him touching me .
va	I	The window shut promptly , and Thomas shook his head .
va	O	至少他可以回到他的本职工作，并且下周一的研讨会也会因此变得更好。
va	I	It always goes unanswered , but Seth 's texted him a few times .
va	I	He grimaced instead and the grin faded .
va	I	When I instinctively reached for it , I tossed another off course , and one of the bags bounced awkwardly off my hand .
va	I	It seemed that the entire school had turned out to celebrate and the football team had won their game tonight .
va	I	At the time , she 'd thought it was , but the threat hadn 't been real .
va	O	我已经收藏了许多关于耶稣的书，并且它们塞满了我的办公室书架。
va	O	太阳尚未升起，但是天空已经变成了一种珍珠般的苍白色。
va	I	Yours is so lazy , but Curiosity can be admirable .
va	O	她把膝盖弯到瘦弱的胸前，并且博格斯笨拙地解开她脚踝上的线。
va	I	I tucked his money into a slot under the cash register , and Sebastian insisted on paying me for the meal .
va	O	我弯下身去抚摸猫的耳朵，并且它喵喵叫着回应，蹭着我的腿。
va	O	我不是天生的讲故事者，但是我却有着完美的记忆。
va	O	我们进来时锁上了它，但是当我去搜查房子时，它又被打开了。
va	O	狭窄的隧道内传来一阵隆隆声，并且在我们意识到之前，一个开口出现在了原本是死胡同的地方。
va	O	攀登到下一个城镇让我的大腿因抗议而尖叫，但是景色也许是最令人惊叹的。
va	I	We moved together in perfect sync and it was easy .
va	O	最初他们建议我当市长，但是我知道那是一份艰难的工作。
va	I	Lily stopped it , but he started to close the door .
va	I	His slanted eyes exposed his exhaustion and he was still in his uniform .
va	I	It suddenly listed to the right and a deep clanking noise vibrated through the ship .
va	I	It was this that finally silenced me , and it was the laugh of a madman .
va	O	“哦，你好，薇薇安，”她说，并且伊芙根本懒得纠正她。
va	I	I 'm familiar with the charity , so let him know I 'll step in for him , but he was expected to say a few words .
va	I	They 'll find me and I 'll lose it .
va	I	One of them had just unlocked it for her , and two young uniformed guards were at the gate .
va	O	一阵冷风再次吹过，这次离得更近了，并且它留下了一股带着死亡恶臭的腐烂气味。
va	I	I 'm sure it 's like riding a bike , but it has been a long time since I have been on a horse .
va	O	他们不得不谈论这些新信息，而且露比还没有准备好。
va	O	随着他体型的增大，他的力量也随之增强，并且他会不停地吃，直到吞噬掉最初唤醒他的人。
va	O	我的心又开始狂跳，但是我忽略了它。
va	I	She soon realized why , and it was very large .
va	I	I looked away for a moment and she was in a small crowd of people moving the same way on the pavement .
va	I	The help of two fellow guards to subdue me , and it had taken him dagger , whip , chains .
va	O	冈纳身上有大约十几处割伤在流血，但是他却表现得好像根本没有意识到这些伤口一样。
va	I	He was just like any other dragon that she had met , and he was solid .
va	O	芬恩的鼻孔张开，并且他向科里逼近。
va	I	He did , but I don 't know how Ben found out about Operation Furnace .
va	I	I didn 't say anything but I secretly wished he would walk closer to me .
va	I	He wanted me to have no doubts , and he could tell how scared I was .
va	O	他必须控制住这个局面，或者它就会失控。
va	O	我告诉过你我不想，而且你仍然不听。
va	I	When they looked inside , they weren 't surprised to find it completely empty , and the door of the shed stood slightly ajar .
va	O	杰克逊打开了乘客门让克洛伊坐副驾驶座，并且她对他微微一笑。
va	O	今天是我们的快乐星期六，而且他们计划烤纸杯蛋糕。
va	I	We were well into the second hour , but I didn 't know the exact count .
va	O	我知道CPD有完全正直的成员，我祖父就是其中之一，但是斯科特说得有道理。
va	O	我想回到牢房里，想逃走，但是我的身体向前移动，就像我被他召唤一样。
va	I	She 'd never see him again and he 'd be gone in less than a week .
va	I	I understand you 're leaving tomorrow and I just got back into town .
va	O	米奇盯着米莎的雪佛兰，而且他眼中流露着紧张的神色。
va	O	歌曲已经结束，而且我的话语似乎在新生的寂静中回荡。
va	I	The air was thin up here and my feet were aching in these boots .
va	O	雨下得很猛烈，并且接着闪电来了。
va	I	She 's from the city Cleo says she 's from , and she looks a lot like her .
va	O	米兰达关心他，并且他要求分手，而实际上他也关心她，这是很愚蠢的。
va	O	我总算撑过了今天，并且接下来的每一天都会更容易。
va	O	格林上尉也派了一名传令兵向北，试图将此信息传达给安德森将军，但是没有人知道消息是否已送达。
va	O	他们仔细看着他们中的某人带到谈话中的任何东西，并且杰克很感兴趣。
va	I	I think all ten layers have melted together because it 's so freaking hot , and it 's firmly wrapped in ten layers of plastic .
va	I	It only made her think about their relationship but he was trying to give her a compliment .
va	I	He was gone and I blinked .
va	O	她不会让他为难，但是她拼命想和他说再见。
va	I	The joyful absurdity of it just bubbles out and I look at myself in the mirror .
va	O	客人张开了嘴巴准备回答，但是一位同样迷人的年轻人走了过来。
va	O	他看着我，并且我能看到他眼中闪过一丝悲伤。
va	O	她没有家人，但是酒店不知道这一点。
va	O	当命令摆到蒂姆桌上时，他已经去见了欧文，并且欧文对他大发雷霆。
va	O	我当时不知道，但是我把几个罐子弄瘪了。
va	I	All will eventually die and all humans are forced to deal with temptation .
va	I	My limbs unconsciously became still and a small smile upturned the corners of my lips .
va	O	瑞安问珀西，试图在未婚妻和他父亲的朋友大打出手前化解矛盾。
va	O	摩德凯，我没有告诉你我出国旅行的原因，但是我去了是为了了解我的出身。
va	I	This wasn 't about her , but Simone burned as her desire tore through her .
va	I	He most definitely didn 't miss slavery , and he sure didn 't miss the castle .
va	I	She stood to greet her , and glancing over her shoulder , she saw Ducky moving cautiously closer .
va	O	他计划向一个世界的人民隐瞒其未来，并且海带注意到他身上散发着浓烈的贪婪气息。
va	I	The left had the same reaction and he stretched out the right knee .
va	O	音乐停了，并且我们都为我们的成功鼓掌。
va	O	我试图将衬衫领口从皮肤上拉开，但是这似乎只会让它感觉更紧。
va	I	Jenn 's was slammed , but she wished that she could have had the day off .
va	I	I just wanted to get rid of her and I answered , because she was doing that staring thing again .
va	O	弗兰克开始回答，但是她打断了他。
va	O	我们不知道是谁，但是我的家人又以为是我。
va	O	其他人都没有注意到这个变化，但是珀尔确信他知道自己被移动了。
va	I	She wriggles out of his grasp , but he seizes her by the waist .
va	O	雾气在我发间低语，并且我紧闭双眼。
va	I	A dark brown liquid fil ed my cup , and I turned the knob .
va	I	The door was opened by a schoolgirl and eventually a light came on in the hall .
va	O	命令从四面八方传来，并且我听不清他们在说什么。
va	O	他们身披钢甲，地面在他们脚下颤抖着交战，并且他将伯爵逼退到被苏格兰矛兵刺穿之处。
va	I	She could see the black shadows within and they were opened just a crack .
va	I	My thoughts lost focus and my gaze wandered over the expanse of taut cotton .
va	I	The camera shutter had stuck and it was as though nature had wanted to take a photograph .
va	I	She winced and a spring in the bed pushed into a sore spot in her ribs .
va	I	Sibyl 's heart sank and she smiled at Sibyl with knowing eyes .
va	O	我迫切需要额外的收入来源，而且也许他能付钱。
va	I	I will continue as I must , but I thank you for your warning .
va	I	She 'd said so from the beginning , and she 'd wanted to keep it simple .
va	O	她不确定自己是如何发出声音的，但是它就在那里，嘶哑地从她喉咙里发出。
va	I	He shook his head , but I started to take it off .
va	I	I thought I might talk her into a double-header , but we had already played our three periods of hockey for the day .
va	I	I checked the left upper flank and Howard checked the right upper flank .
va	I	She looked so put together , and her faux diamond earrings sparkled .
va	O	我从未伪装自己是圣人，并且世界上有一些麻烦的人。
va	O	无法保证我的经验能让我存活，但是如果我留下，我会死。
va	I	I will be fine and I know , whatever happens between us , Hyde .
va	O	枪击让他们心神不宁，并且有人担心会发生另一次袭击。
va	O	霍莉这次理应找到PM，并且我会为她找到他。
va	O	她的皮肤闪耀着蓝色火花，并且她的眼睛比太阳还要明亮。
va	O	起初只有一个，但是那就是他们所需要的一切。
va	O	我想这背后有一些根深蒂固的心理原因，但是那不是借口。
va	O	人群控制障碍物对人群控制只是敷衍了事，并且一群狂喜的人群向前涌去，奔向她的飞机。
va	I	I ´ m pitted against him and I ´ m in an arena .
va	O	已经四年没见过他了，并且他似乎没怎么变。
va	O	我们灰蒙蒙的雨世界已经消散了，并且我们回到了真实世界。
va	O	乐祺的声音很轻柔，并且她甜甜地对我笑了。
va	O	他把我甩开，但是内心深处他很困扰。
va	I	I wiped my eyes angrily , and tears blurred my vision .
va	O	我从未去过巴黎，然而这就是我所想象的它的样子。
va	I	He understood her point , but he hadn 't liked the way she labeled Misty .
va	I	Before she could get out another word , Becky jumped in and Chewy easily heard the hatred in her voice .
va	I	Yet it has nothing useful , and this is one of the best libraries in the world .
va	I	She craved more , but four days had since passed .
va	O	偷偷溜进去不被发现是没戏了，并且他们从我这里套出了话。
va	O	我听说走出初恋很难，但是我的简直是地狱。
va	O	他的眼睛缓缓闭上，并且他深吸了几口气，感觉自己放松了那么一点点。
va	O	第一个，名叫刻耳柏洛斯，有三个头，并且另一个，他的兄弟，有两个头。
va	O	他很快就明白了暗示，并且我认为我表现得像往常一样让他感觉好多了。
va	O	我告诉他他不需要和我一起来，但是他说他愿意。
va	O	天色渐暗，并且如果他爬到草坡上，麦克布莱德认为他从车道上几乎看不见了。
va	I	She hadn 't really believed they existed , but she had heard of them , read about them .
va	O	她当然不能和他在一起，但是看到他的幸福可以为她未来多年的幻想提供动力。
va	O	他的嘴角勾起一抹捕食者的微笑，并且他的眼中闪烁着捕食者的火焰。
va	O	爷爷的脸色每分钟都在变白，并且他的绷带比以前更湿透了。
va	I	She had grown to detest it , and her husband had displayed just that sort of flirtatious charm .
va	I	It irritated her , and Jaxon knew she was looking up at him with stars in her eyes .
va	O	她正在取得进展，并且他需要采取行动。
va	O	她没有立即回应，并且丹尼尔不难想象她对他的话感到恼火。
va	I	I 'd never gone against it ; so why was she so ardent about reminding me and I got the message when I was little .
va	O	他显然没有预料到那句妙语，但是他看起来很开心。
va	I	They 're starting with City Central , and apparently it 's working by area .
va	O	她多年来一直是我忠实的伴侣，但是看到她的身体让我深刻体会到她目前的生命是多么脆弱。
va	I	Mr. Waldrop 's voice was more carrying , but she couldn 't hear what Kyle was saying , only the indistinct drawl of his voice .
va	O	我现在一时想不起来，但是它们会想起来的。
va	I	It would be so much easier to have Drake disappear , and I 'd never used a cleanup crew before .
va	I	They had been a happy family , but his parents were poor tavern keepers .
va	I	He seemed to be ignoring her for some reason , but she tried striking up a conversation with John .
va	I	The sun was out , but the air was fine , fresh .
va	O	他不想对她撒谎，但是从某种意义上说，那又不是谎言。
va	I	Cheese practically fell out my mouth it was so fake and I smiled .
va	O	我们思考，并且上帝指引。
va	I	She had a fiery temperament , and he was not someone she could ever push around .
va	I	The smoke was still to thick for them to notice and they had been too concerned about keeping hid .
va	I	He said he never watches them , but I suggested one of his movies .
va	O	我的朋友索耶只是在几年前才出现，但是甚至他的父亲也是在这里长大的。
va	I	The old robot 's personality seemed to linger behind like a sour odor , but Nilo soon departed with his drone .
va	I	All went to their rooms for the night , and then they agreed they needed to keep their strength up for the next day of work .
va	O	他把一切都给了她，并且她却什么也没有给他作为回报。
va	O	她的形态对我来说完全陌生，但是她却有着一种超凡脱俗的美丽。
va	O	他们中有几个人站了起来，并且混乱展开，他们心想这与他们无关。
va	I	They don 't believe me but I told the others you wouldn 't split on us .
va	O	仅仅听到他的声音就让她放松下来，并且很快他就能在她体内轻松移动了。
va	I	I could get my hormones under control and maybe then he 'd leave .
va	I	They hunched into each other in his wake , gossiping as they glanced at me , and two girls parted so he could walk between them .
va	O	她现在需要和家人联系，并且这是她唯一可用的方式。
va	I	What choice did she have , but she didn 't , really ?
va	I	They crossed the street together and Parks came around to her side .
va	I	Harriet narrowed her eyes , and he bowed low , with a flourish .
va	O	我绝不会自己离开伯恩斯坦，并且内心深处我很高兴他们解雇了我。
va	O	我只有几分钟的时间，并且我需要那些时间就像需要空气一样。
va	I	A large , long-haired female cat came down the belt and the door opened .
va	I	The way he looks at me made me see he is worried about me , but his concern for me made his eyes glow yellow .
va	I	I do , but I didn 't think I 'd ever feel this way again .
va	I	She would never answer , never comfort me , but I wanted my mom .
va	O	他想完成他们已经开始的事情，但是这与性无关。
va	I	Meredith was ready , but Caroline swung at Meredith .
va	I	She glided forward to offer me her own , and I raised my hand .
va	O	我知道这次施工中使用的每一根钢梁的钢材等级以及所浇筑混凝土的种类。
va	O	她的讽刺之意溢于言表，但是她很快清醒过来，垂下了头。
va	I	If she 'd been in the way , he would have broken her neck , and his hand blurred through space where she 'd been .
va	O	一块厚厚的木板突然松脱了，并且我踉跄着后退，感觉有点愚蠢。
va	O	有什么东西要来了，一个巨大的东西，但是她无法确定是从哪里来的。
va	O	她把这说得好像他们离婚了，并且他还邀请我跟他一起共度时光。
va	I	A new image appeared on the screen and he clicked his remote control once more .
va	I	He raised it back up before he got the chance , but Chuck thought about running while Timothy had his head down .
va	O	她盯着他，好像他长了两个头，并且她不知道该相信哪一个。
va	O	他对着她眨了眨眼，并且一绺浓密的脏头发垂落到他的一只眼睛上。
va	I	I pulled it from my face , staring at the screen and my phone beeped .
va	O	我相信上帝对你自有安排，没错，但是他很少让我们知道这些事。
va	I	She willed herself to stay calm for Abby 's sake , but fear made Autumn 's stomach tighten as she stood .
va	I	They were moving fast , but I couldn 't tell .
va	O	马特的目光与凯拉的目光相遇，并且她清楚地知道他在想什么。
va	I	She stops short , but she turns to me fiercely as if she 's about to cuss me out .
va	O	她正忙着在小屋里四处奔走，并且他站在门口看着她。
va	O	一张床单盖着她的身体，并且一台监视器在她身旁发出哔哔声。
va	I	She gave another gasp , and Heat rolled through her .
va	I	She laughs and the deadpan look washes away .
va	O	他后退了一步，仍然握着我的手，并且我无法将视线从他身上移开。
va	O	我爱她，但是她从未遇到过一个她不想舔的人。
va	I	Mercer stepped inside the bunkhouse , and at last heavy boots echoed against the steps that led to the front door .
va	O	我不停地吹着它，并且它让你的狗在屋子里发狂。
va	O	我再次喘息，并且他第二次击打了我。
va	I	It wasn 't difficult to complete his task , and it was the exact same system .
va	I	He swooped down to her eye-level and his arms locked around her waist .
va	O	一只乳房从她的低胸紧身衣中弹了出来，并且她手忙脚乱地去遮盖它。
va	I	We drive home in silence and the boys both climb into the backseat .
va	I	Suddenly I want to teach her , and the corner of my mouth turns up .
va	I	They all love each other like crazy , and they 're spread all over the country now .
va	O	人们告诉我，等我老了会后悔的，但是在我得到它们的时候，我真的不在乎。
va	I	I wasn 't sure he believed me either , but he didn 't tell me I was crazy .
va	O	我们自他被雇用以来一直保持礼貌的距离，但是那既是他的错，也是我的错。
va	O	我在这里已经八天了，并且迈克尔几乎每天都来探望。
va	I	He slowly let me down and I squealed with laughter as his legs bumped into the bed .
va	I	He ended up stranded and Daniel kept a thousand dollars just in case something happened .
va	O	她的手低低地放在腹部，并且她的下巴向下倾斜。
va	O	他身上带着艰难生活的伤疤，并且他的一只蓝眼睛永久性地眯着。
va	I	Deni blushed harder , and the cop got a knowing look .
va	O	我甚至无法思考，并且他要我承诺？
va	I	Mary couldn 't hold off her release , and Zeke ran his thumb over her clit .
va	O	克拉拉预期了安布尔的热情反应，但是她警惕地看了一眼加布里埃尔。
va	O	我仍然不完全确定，但是我厌倦了试图否认对我来说像呼吸一样自然的事情。
va	I	He was too prone to doing right by others and he 'd had too much of that in his life .
va	I	When he reached in , he pulled out one of the hundreds of small red paper hearts I had cut out , and he did .
va	I	Our fabricated explanation of Bella 's injuries wasn 't among them , but her thoughts were still racing .
va	O	几分钟后她叫了我们，并且当我们进去时，我们发现另一顿盛宴正在等着。
va	O	我们走向她的车，并且我上了车。
va	O	他在我的触摸下颤抖，并且我感觉强大。
va	O	他轻轻地舔舐，起初相当试探性地舔舐着伤口，并且然后用丝滑的舌头在上面扫过。
va	O	菲菲拉着皮带，并且他们都继续沿着普林斯顿街散步。
va	I	I didn 't think I could handle a night behind bars , and I was already shaken .
va	O	然后他们就到了舞厅的入口，并且一个戴着华丽假发的男仆正在宣布他们的到来。
va	I	No one claimed him , but she checked with the neighbors to see if anyone was missing a scrawny tomcat .
va	I	The pull seemed almost too great to ignore , but she longed to look away from his eyes .
va	I	It 's close enough , but it doesn 't actually fit .
va	I	Maddie snickered , and the back seat in the Acura just wasn 't quite wide enough to accommodate them .
va	O	我摇了摇头，足以让他松开我下巴上的手，并且我咬住了他的手指。
va	I	I probably wouldn 't have accepted if Arthur Smith had asked me , and I didn 't want to marry Aubrey anyway .
va	O	她不再是女王了，但是她仍然像一个女王一样思考。
va	O	你仍然让过去在内心吞噬你，而且所有那些焦虑都会对你周围的人造成影响。
va	I	Denny had started applying for jobs everywhere and they had written him numerous letters of recommendation .
va	O	我等待着训斥，等待着失望，但是我不认为她能说出任何话。
va	I	I cannot remember but I say a name .
va	I	Even Dorian paused , and that brought some silence to the room .
va	I	The man studied him carefully , as though noticing him for the first time , and the boy watched him , curious , through the mesh fence .
va	O	窗户下面有一个壁式加热器，并且你所要做的就是打开它。
va	O	她的眉毛惊讶地扬了起来，并且她点了点头。
va	O	她从一开始就很难管教，而且没有你替我从中周旋，我不可能做到。
va	I	She gently touched it to steady it , and when Milos realized what she was suggesting , his hand began to shake .
va	O	它带着我绕过了一个弯道，并且我看到一堵水墙向我冲来。
va	O	我猛地扑向把手，并且我们扭打着，像是在拔河。
va	O	我知道我寻找的是什么，并且我选择步行而不是在那里化作一团雾气。
va	O	他的嘴角带着一丝邪恶的微笑，并且他不停地盯着我。
va	O	我迟缓地在雪地上艰难前行，并且当我到达停车场时，我看到了维克多的车。
va	I	We attend the festivities tomorrow and he can ride it back here .
va	O	我转过身，并且他的手臂垂到了身侧。
va	I	He decided to finish it and the sandwich was pretty good .
va	I	Wasn 't under thirty , but Jasper was starting almost from scratch in their business .
va	I	Colleen sighed with the thought , and they 'd already started trying to make their family .
va	O	她试图调整呼吸以保持冷静的外表，但是这种努力让她感到眩晕。
va	I	It was exceedingly better than the stone floor , but it wasn 't as soft as the feather bed she 'd been sleeping in .
va	O	她正要呼唤那些战士，但是那突如其来的剧痛让她屏住了呼吸。
va	I	My legs were rooted in place , but I knew I should leave , that I should head straight out the door without looking back .
va	O	他屏住了呼吸，并且他只能盯着她看。
va	O	塔维已证明自己是个威胁，并且甘恩转身与他交战。
va	I	Then , alarmingly , spread over to Alanna , and the flames engulfed Thomas .
va	O	我试图吞下堵塞在喉咙深处的愧疚感，但是它却纹丝不动。
va	I	Claire stepped out of her rigid stance , replacing her gun in its holster , and Bruce relaxed , then .
va	I	They were simply too squished together but Julia tried to shut the door .
va	O	有大量证据表明一支大部队正向南移动，并且两个小时前我们遇到了一艘向北航行的信使船。
va	I	The plume hasn 't arrived there yet , and the contamination level in tuna near shore to California has doubled in the last twelve months .
va	I	I 've nowhere near enough for all these , but my parasol 's acid worked on the mummy in Scotland .
va	O	他的呼吸缓慢恢复，并且他甚至害怕喉咙里有血腥味。
va	O	洛林颤抖了一下，并且他笑了。
va	O	悲伤吞噬了他，并且不止一次他被诱惑想要回去。
va	I	Kaylin yelled from upstairs and the doorbell rang .
va	I	He hadn 't yet detached himself from her and Ryland 's voice was loud in his head .
va	O	他努力听她说什么，但是他听不清那些词。
va	I	His skin was a medium brown tone as a result of his Mexican heritage , and he wore wire framed round glasses .
va	O	我默默地坐了五分钟，并且那名警官仍然没有回来。
va	O	博福特是他们的家，并且环顾四周，他将所有人的好奇视为一种类似于家庭的爱。
va	O	他们睡在一起已经五天了，并且他没有收到她只言片语。
va	I	Time has proven them successful in their endeavors , and my sisters didn 't want anyone to know about me .
va	O	西蒙点了点头，并且马克沮丧地举起了双手。
va	I	She realized he was carrying her , and Donovan 's grip tightened around her .
va	O	她无法控制她发软的膝盖，或者那些涌动而出的情感。
va	O	谣言已经传开了，而且没有什么能阻止它。
va	O	小径又变窄了，于是他退了回去。
va	I	She appeared to be asleep , but her back was to me .
va	O	电影继续播放着，但是人群的不耐烦情绪已经逼近。
va	I	It was really good and we were both hungry .
va	I	For some reason a few episodes involving her were shown in ' Memory room ' in the Pocket , but I don 't know her .
va	I	Ten minutes later I 'm still waiting , but Tim says he 'll get her .
va	O	男人们已经把他放在床垫上，而且海伦平躺在那里。
va	I	I didn 't ... but I could have .
va	O	那一晚，新生预订了他们心仪的社团宿舍，并且活跃分子列出了我们想要的女孩的邀请名单。
va	I	The water went down and the blockage finally broke .
va	O	我从不想失去你的友谊，但是我无法放弃泰。
va	I	He stared at her , and his arms folded over his chest .
va	I	Her in box was full yet she 'd only been away from the office since the morning .
va	I	Those chasing us couldn 't get in , and those fleeing couldn 't get out .
va	O	她试图镇定下来，但是她的声音在颤抖。
va	O	嗯，我现在已经亲眼见证了这一点，并且这相当可怕。
va	O	我问了，并且我的声音在墙壁上回荡。
va	O	托鲁加速了，并且腾斯努力抓紧。
va	I	We both looked at it and I pulled out the tracker .
va	I	I thought he trusted me , and we always told each other everything .
va	I	Tick realized why , and his voice seemed louder than it should have .
va	I	It was woven within her core , but Kate jerked his body inside out .
va	O	克里斯不确定她一直期待着什么，但是一个开放式问题甚至不在可能性列表中。
va	O	我喜欢新秩序乐队，但是我有一个快乐分裂乐队的男朋友。
va	O	我的身体抗拒移动，并且我瘫倒回地面。
va	O	沃恩摇了摇手指，并且纯粹的疯狂在他的眼中闪烁。
va	O	他可能是一个硬汉，但是她不是一个孩子。
va	I	I am far past such innocent hopes , but I used to dream of retiring on Venice Minor .
va	I	You give her whatever she wants yet she doesn 't listen to you .
va	O	庞大的文明给我们更多数据，并且尽管伊特鲁里亚社会很重要，它与其它文明相比并不庞大。
va	O	来自北方的新金发统治者是严酷的主人，并且不服从的行为会遭到无情惩罚。
va	I	It was the complete opposite , but Claudia once said it sounded mystical to her .
va	I	I knew the look , and Gem looked at me .
va	O	我最喜欢的音乐是电子音乐，但是当周围没人的时候我偷偷听乡村音乐。
va	O	杰拉德沿着贝德福德大道带路，并且我们其余的人隔着几步远的距离跟着。
va	O	现在是下午晚些时候，并且太阳很快就要落山了。
va	I	I have a hopeful smile and my skin is fair .
va	O	巨龙尖叫着坠落在地，并且伊兹继续前进。
va	I	I swam away from it , back toward the car , but I saw the lights of the city toward the surface .
va	O	杰夫放松了油门，并且他将巡航控制调整至稳定的每小时七十五英里。
va	I	They knew it , and their numbers were nothing compared to one Eddie .
va	I	She was sure he 'd be active any minute now , and it had been a good long while since her bounty had made a purchase .
va	I	I had little patience for sentimentality , but I remembered traveling on that train for the first time with Lola to spend a long weekend in Murcia .
va	I	In the car , I feel an age-old shame , and this memory , too , has stayed with me .
va	I	It was too late ... But Jesus , please .
va	I	I giggled like a ten-year-old , and my feet flailed in the air as they dangled over his right arm .
va	O	她惊讶地皱起眉头，但是他已经走了，擦过门口的卢克。
va	O	她不想让他知道这让她付出了多大的代价，但是谈论杰森总是让她心里感到恶心。
va	O	地毯也是天蓝色的，并且有两张沙发，以及几把宽大的椅子，比如她坐的那把。
va	O	他们没有费心回答他，因为他们还在忙着盯着她看，但是他并没有真正看到他们似乎看到的东西。
va	I	Bonnie realized that he was talking about himself , and he looked embarrassed .
va	I	You immediately corrected yourself and it was a gut reaction .
va	O	他们是扑克牌友，Wii姐妹，并且玛丽是卡拉OK团体的备受赞誉的成员。
va	O	她外表可能看起来很柔弱，但是“不”这个词她不认识。
va	I	You definitely aren 't leading me on , and you aren 't taking advantage of me .
va	I	Her shirt sleeve had the dried remnants of pureed peas on it and the baby 's tummy was full .
va	I	Another waiter is passing with another tray , and I am finished with my glass already .
va	I	It was embarrassing me and Momma was beaming now .
va	O	达拉，我不知道如何去爱一个人，但是我希望能学会爱你。
va	O	我又推了一下，并且我看到陷阱上的扳机晃动了一下。
va	I	It was closer to the truth than she knew , but I knew Anne meant that more figuratively than literally .
va	I	He spun to face me , and a huge smile lit up Robin 's face .
va	O	我的声音听起来有些嘶哑，并且我清了清嗓子。
va	I	She struck , and he moaned in ecstasy .
va	I	He knew it wasn 't over yet and he could feel the energy of the new life still growing .
va	I	I thought I had lost the connection , and there was a pause on the line .
va	I	I wasn 't going to point that out , but she didn 't sound one hundred percent convinced .
va	O	它很宽，并且你能看到所有肌肉的清晰轮廓。
va	O	轮毂看起来太小，空气不足，并且异域设计只会加剧我的疏离感。
va	O	他的手仍在摸索电灯开关，并且他的头脑没有立刻意识到那是什么。
va	O	她的脏衬衫被他亲手撕开，并且一只白皙的乳房在挣扎中半露。
va	I	Even still he might regenerate , but Impact would splatter his organs , no question .
va	I	I told several that I was fine and nurses kept trying to bandage me up .
va	I	It 's true , but that sounds cold .
va	I	He looked as though he were going to be sick , and then his eyes met mine .
va	O	她的脸上没有一丝我认识的那个女孩的影子，但是我无法忍受不得不杀死她的念头。
va	I	Elena had to restrain her , in turn , and Bonnie 's head came off Elena 's shoulder .
va	O	她点点头，并且我吻了她的唇，然后走向门口。
va	I	Your daughter is perhaps more innocent than most , and I do not wage war against the innocent .
va	O	莉兹瞪了孩子们一眼，但是海伦小心翼翼地控制着她说话的语气。
va	O	她已经跟我一刀两断了，并且我只能接受这个事实。
va	O	我爱我的哥哥，并且我知道他是一位很棒的父亲。
va	I	He hears it , but it is faint .
va	I	I had enough of the run around and mathis went to set a wine bottle on one of the long banquet tables across the room .
va	I	I woke up in a might bit of a sweat and we were both in a bottomless lake with golden cliffs .
va	I	They 've twisted it into something to be feared , rather than treated , but the epidemic is forcing the world to focus on mental disease .
va	I	I finally convinced him to do it but he was reluctant at first .
va	O	她在昏暗的灯光中几乎看不见他们，但是他们的存在强烈地催促她去喝。
va	O	双手抓住我的臀部，并且我被向上拉起，直到我的身体坐在他的大腿上。
va	O	那里一片狼藉，并且人们在你的走廊里四处走动。
va	O	他的身体开始因渴望加剧而嗡嗡作响，但是他必须克制，所以他放慢了速度，这使得她气喘吁吁。
va	I	To reach it , we would have to cross thousands of miles of oceans , but it is a paradise .
va	O	德里斯科尔很快就会到旧金山，可能下周初就到，并且她仍然不知道该怎么做。
va	O	我看着埃文走开，并且我不知道该怎么办。
va	O	他的嘴巴张开了，并且眉毛也扬了起来。
va	I	The Feed had since taken away the hurt , but at the time , his betrayal shattered me .
va	O	那总是意味着要去兜风，并且他喜欢去不同的地方。
va	O	他的声音尖锐，甚至带着怒气，但是他的手却很温柔，抚摸着她的头发。
va	O	她眨了几次眼，并且她的脸上终于露出了理解的神色。
va	O	我犯了许多错误，但是你不是其中之一。
va	I	He didn 't answer her , and Scott , however , was concentrating on the radio , reporting the details of where they were .
va	I	She had chores to do and her mother needed the water .
va	I	He took no notice , but it gave an alarming creak .
va	I	I didn 't believe him , but when I asked him about it , he told me he 'd had too much coffee .
va	O	拉斐尔想知道奥斯汀是不是疯了，因为一个麦克风捕捉到了来自鼓的共鸣，但是奥斯汀喜欢这个结果。
va	O	这房子是一个高层牧场式住宅，并且唯一的浴室在楼上。
va	I	Mike answered before she could offer up anything , and Cara shifted in her seat .
va	I	For the first time since sitting down with her ex , she could think of nothing to say , but Beth opened her mouth to say something .
va	I	His fears were immediate , and she was by herself , which was rare .
va	O	我赚钱很快，并且我很享受。
va	O	她有灯，但是这有什么用呢？
va	O	她能感觉到拜伦给她输送的稳定能量流，但是他却留在背景中，让真正的治愈通过她来实现。
va	I	I let it go , but it seemed silly .
va	I	The crane was bent good , but balls ain 't supposed to do that .
va	O	她的眼睛睁得大大的，并且她小心翼翼地嗅了嗅。
va	I	Dennis was one of the first to exit and the flight from LA was on time .
va	O	我的心率立刻加快了，并且我感觉几乎要昏倒了。
va	I	My breath comes faster , as if I have just run some great race and my heart begins pounding .
va	O	他一整天都迟到了，并且赶到会议也不例外。
va	I	Rebecca phrased the words almost as a question , but the sentiment was correct , to be sure .
va	O	好奇心会一直困扰我直到我打开它，但是我确定我能否承受她的一封哭诉信。
va	O	帕特里夏人很好，并且安娜开始放松下来。
va	I	They could be important but other things may not be interesting .
va	I	She couldn 't but she tried to turn her gaze away .
va	I	We open the second one and Vanessa scribbles down the quantity .
va	I	Still so damn happy they would smile at you , but some starving .
va	O	几秒钟过去了，并且六名身披战甲的男子跑向卷帘门，手中拿着致命的步枪。
va	I	She was glad for it and in the last few days things had gotten busy around the shop .
va	I	I trailed obediently along in her wake , and she strode off in search of breakfast .
va	I	His dark-brown eyes were on his mate alone , but the immense warrior gave a nod of greeting to Darion .
va	O	我跟着她进了浴室，并且刷完牙后，我发现她躺在大床上，被子拉到脖子处。
va	I	Glory had been in a foul mood ever since , and that had been two weeks ago .
va	I	She could at least let her know about her man woes , but she might not be able to tell her sister about her money troubles .
va	O	相信精灵穿越点并且从不在一个地方久留。
va	O	当视线清晰时，那身影向前移动，并且我终于和艾丽西亚面对面了。
va	I	I don 't get that vibe from her , but he thinks she has a thing for me .
va	O	两个黄色的碗状座椅被安装在里面，并且两支桨就放在座位旁边。
va	I	I have to bully you to make sure you know to respect me in future , and you have slighted me .
va	I	Even the mattress had been ripped open , spilling straw onto the floor , and they were scattered everywhere .
va	I	Helen winced , and Mary announced .
va	O	真正的诺曼抓住了我的手，并且我很惊讶我竟然能感觉到它。
va	O	她的手触碰了他的手臂以稳住自己，并且她的目光随之而去，被他衬衫下光滑的埃及棉布下的肌肉所吸引。
va	O	多诺万踩下油门，并且我们碾过了它们。
va	I	Her husband works there too and Ellie is a nurse there .
va	O	胆汁涌上她的喉咙，并且她的眼睛因泪水而刺痛。
va	O	魏尔伦的眼睛睁大了，但是她没有动。
va	O	她在美国街区尽头转弯，并且他不得不几乎跑着才能跟上。
va	I	No one was able to conclusively disprove it , and they did a bunch of tests in the seventies .
va	I	The second didn 't come for them directly but a tendril flashed by overhead .
va	O	她打开了它，但是什么也没发生。
va	O	她试图后退，但是Levi却抱得她更紧。
va	I	The truth was , she felt safe , but she should have felt resentful , cornered .
va	I	She did know that buses hadn 't existed centuries ago , but Henrietta was no history buff .
va	O	她捏了捏Micah的肩膀，并且他朝她笑了笑。
va	O	Travis因Donovan声音中的凶猛而吓了一跳，但是Donovan需要他的全部注意力。
va	O	他把她推了下去，并且她爬到了床的中央。
va	I	I wasn 't sure I wanted to and I couldn 't move .
va	I	It sounded like Avalon knew where he is going , and at least for the second portion I would have company .
va	O	我们只能说这让人大开眼界，并且他对此没意见。
va	I	That much gas might be enough to get someone to their destination , and they weren 't far from the Montana state border now .
va	I	I want to build a life with you , and I trust you , Ryder .
va	I	It came out as a startled wheeze , but I thought I was going to yell .
va	I	He closed his eyes , and Jakob 's body was tense as he stood next to me .
va	I	They opened a grave silence and the last words were out before I could curb them .
va	I	We had gotten along well and I had met Jackson 's mother a few times .
va	I	The smile never reached his eyes but his lips stretched .
va	O	在发展区待了两个月，在Burn之前进行了一场不公开比赛，并且已经到了和Jumbo一起在电视上制作节目的时候了。
va	O	她的腿非常疲惫，并且她的运动衫现在几乎完全干了。
va	I	One eye was missing and one ear had been nicked .
va	O	我曾差点在一次车祸中丧生，并且从那时起我对汽车产生了很大的恐惧。
va	O	他点了点头，并且她继续说。
va	O	她通常很擅长给出建议，并且也许她可以指导我该怎么做。
va	I	She averted her gaze away from him and he smirked as her cheeks turned red .
va	O	只有梦之杖知道每个人需要什么，并且它将冒险与合适的人匹配。
va	O	拜伦没想到她会停下来，并且他撞到了她。
va	O	我们可能违反了某种法律，但是我不在乎。
va	O	门开了，并且两名男子走了出来。
va	I	Otherwise she was absolutely motionless , but I could see she was breathing , so I was sure she was still alive .
va	O	墓地在深夜时分空无一人，并且对费伊来说极其诡异。
va	I	My heart jumped , and the bell rang .
va	I	It had never been wrong , and my nose was as keen as anyone 's .
va	I	The straps holding it in place did their job , but it bounced slightly with each step the mule took .
va	O	这并不重要，但是她想知道。
va	O	打着哈欠说话让那个前景变得黯淡，但是幸运的是贾里德能感受到我无法充分表达的东西。
va	I	His eyes were alive and his face was clear .
va	O	他的大身体在她的沙发上翻腾，直到撞到墙壁，并且接着他一动不动了。
va	O	她慢慢地走向那个鬼魂，并且他的打手们退开了。
va	I	That had been a reckless , stupid accident , but yes , I had taken much from him .
va	I	That was the last thing I remembered and I felt a prick on my skin .
va	O	扎克对泽维尔哼了一声，但是他的视线很快回到了屏幕上。
va	O	我们了解他们，但是他们不了解我们。
va	I	It didn 't seem to her that downshifting had worked and they were coming up on the cars quickly .
va	O	她不知道，并且然后它就不重要了。
va	O	把钱带到箱子里，并且你就能取回你的生活。
va	I	There was no saving him , but it took three days .
va	O	史蒂夫痛苦地尖叫起来，但是我没有听到他。
va	O	她表现得非常好，考虑到她的过往记录，但是压力正在产生影响。
va	I	She pointed it at him and she had a small gun .
va	O	她以为她病得太重，无法看清一切真相，但是她错了。
va	O	我很困惑为什么发色的改变会如此重要，但是我从没有要求澄清。
va	I	Surely the nurse wasn 't losing her marbles as well , but Bryony had thought that was because Jane was cracking up ?
va	O	她不知道自己可能没有正确戴上避孕套。
va	I	He helped me ease on to the sofa , and he kept his arm wrapped around my waist until we entered the living room .
va	O	我本该为我们的对抗结束而感到欣慰，但是喉咙里的哽咽感还没有消失。
va	O	我的父母正在一起跳舞，并且我母亲脸上的笑容让我内心感到温暖。
va	O	人群鸦雀无声，并且他们成群地站在一起，窃窃私语。
va	O	弗兰克没能很好地支撑住自己的体重，并且他似乎每走一步都变得更重了。
va	I	It was just as likely they were brown , but with that dark hair , blue would be mesmerizing .
va	I	Modern science knew better , but in the olden days , people would have said the boy was possessed .
va	I	She imagined that in real life he was charismatic and in the photograph they gazed out at her warmly .
va	O	只要一想到所有美味的南方食物，我的肚子就咕咕叫起来，并且我挂掉电话时才意识到我还没吃早餐。
va	I	It was too dark outside , but Lacy looked at him , trying to read his expression .
va	O	他曾招致过上千次像这样子的惩罚，但是他总能恢复过来。
va	I	He was lying to himself but he kept telling himself that he didn 't care about the verdict .
va	O	我对此不太确定，但是我也没有更好的办法了。
va	I	He trusted Shay to hold up her end of the battle , but he could hear the same sound coming from behind .
va	O	我卷起袖子，并且就在那时我注意到我还穿着制服。
va	I	She knew she 'd get no farther and Steel blue eyes clashed with hers .
va	O	她在他身边坐下，并且两人开始亲吻。
va	I	It was excruciating , and he seemed to be following his own schedule to reveal information to me .
va	I	I glanced up at him , and his voice softened , just fractionally .
va	I	I used her language instead of theirs , but I picked it up from them .
va	O	电梯，然而，已经来了，并且伊朗已经小跑着进去了。
va	I	He would have made it , but you did shoot his wrist .
va	O	我让他吃苦头，但是塞巴斯蒂安比大多数人都要好。
va	O	鉴于所发生的一切，这安慰微不足道，但是它总归是有些东西。
va	I	Without it the whole force would come to a standstill but he hated dealing with the bureaucracy .
va	O	路易莎同样震惊地听着演讲，但是她的脸猛地涨红。
va	I	That may be only because I have no other slick , self-assured Belgian to compare him to , but he sounded like Hercule Poirot .
va	O	课间休息结束了，而且同学们不得不回到校长办公室对面的教室。
va	O	克劳福德同意了，并且我们接下来两个小时挨个走访了楼里所有的公寓，被介绍给租客们。
va	O	他跟着我，而且我能听到我的卧室门合上了。
va	I	A door slid open and it blinked once .
va	I	Then she smiled , and her lids fell .
va	I	She never wanted to walk through them , but any door would have been open to her as the daughter of Corry Salinas .
va	O	我刚才在想，他们的安保措施非常多，而且那个警卫有些地方让我不喜欢。
va	I	He quickly rolled the scar out of view and the barmaid behind his chair began to speak .
va	O	和人血相比，它仍然令人不满意，但是它的味道至少比前两种让我不那么反感。
va	O	休现在肯定在楼下等了，而且她迫不及待地想见到他。
va	O	他关于啤酒的看法有道理，但是我没打算让他知道。
va	I	Still he ached for her , and she was a lesser species .
va	I	I must say it is still a surprise to see , but kevin , we had assumed you would be a Guardian .
va	I	He had to leave , but she wasn 't happy with him .
va	I	We all crept back down the hall to the intersection and Joey signaled to back up .
va	I	Instead I turned into Snow White with hair on my chest , and all I wanted was eighteen holes of golf on Saturday afternoon .
va	O	我为我父亲做过一次，并且没成功。
va	O	水不是很深，但是毒性很强。
va	I	I 'd managed to prevent Jackie 's murder , but I 'd seen a glimpse of my possible future .
va	O	他接下来几天病情恶化了，而且他们让他休息。
va	O	她的肩膀颤抖着，并且他的手自动地抚平了紧张。
va	I	He was tempted to try , but he had never tried to push someone for the truth before .
va	O	费奇知道12号费尔南德斯会有那本杂志，但是看到它仍然让他一震。
va	O	愤怒吞噬了她，并且她却正在失去镇定。
va	I	What she needs is for you to have a clear , level head , and if you start entertaining worst-case scenarios , you 'll lose your sanity .
va	I	I 'd been having a pretty good time , but I could 've gone out the window earlier .
va	I	When Keeley was satisfied he 'd taken enough , she motioned for Ewan to lower Alaric back down , and Alaric obediently swallowed .
va	O	他伸手环住自己的脖子，但是他的玩笑被手腕的疼痛打断了。
va	O	他们当然很高兴能再次当祖父母，但是丹尼尔斯先生希望戒指能先于孩子到来。
va	I	It sent a cold shiver down my spine , and the word vampire hissed off of his tongue .
va	O	我在房间门口，并且我往里看。
va	I	Gan caught the nervous fumbling as she unfastened her cloak 's hood string , but she spoke calmly enough .
va	I	Their exit would signal the start of a lot more flying , and they would have the entire system working in two more weeks .
va	O	米凯拉有那么大的梦想，但是没有办法实现它们。
va	O	我父亲是一名律师，但是他是由地球上最节俭的人抚养长大的。
va	I	Then picked up a knife each , ready to cut it when Dad said something and we blew out the candles together .
va	O	我一直走着，不知被何物吸引，但是我停不下来。
va	O	被包括在内就足够了，并且他很享受观察室友行动。
va	I	The idea of putting anything into her stomach was enough to make her insides twist in protest , but she was hungry .
va	O	波塞冬笑了，但是他嘴角的弧度很快就消失了。
va	O	她弯腰在一个点缀着惊人数量蜡烛的蛋糕前微笑，并且 Travis一直在她身边。
va	I	She was dry inside , but she would have cried .
va	I	The whole place was swathed in deep shadows despite the midday sun outside and no lamps were there .
va	I	Her gaze dims and her smile fades .
va	I	He began to march to his sister , and his hands let go of me .
va	I	It had nearly cost me everything and I had made that mistake before .
va	I	For some reason he couldn 't take his eyes away , but he knew he was staring at her .
va	I	It should be somewhere deserted , but he can pick the place .
va	I	Whatever we said , we wouldn 't keep in touch and he would be gone soon .
va	I	I worry that we may have pushed too far and there is no response .
va	I	They always kept their promises and none of the Shadow children ever took one lightly .
va	I	I want him supervised at all times , and he 's highly intelligent .
va	O	她丰润的嘴唇两边有酒窝，而且她那猫一样的眼睛闪烁着，仿佛她知道世界上所有有趣的秘密。
va	I	I wouldn 't trust the outward appearance , but they didn 't appear to be armed .
va	O	我们告诉他无论如何都要把你带回家，但是那只会让你与你唯一的家人进一步疏远。
va	I	She was cast adrift , and the way to Elsewhere had been severed .
va	I	The engine only attempted to turn over , but Geo ticked the key .
va	O	她能听到他的声音，但是听不到他在说什么。
va	I	He took a moment to regard it and he sword slipped silently from the scabbard .
va	O	我只是希望有别人能让我不再想这件事，但是那样我可能会做出一些我典型的糟糕决定。
va	O	他邀请了我们，并且我会去。
va	I	My arms ached and my body shook .
va	O	曾有一位年轻女子和他们住了多年，但是他们并没有像现在这样变异成这种形态。
va	O	监测器显示他们的心脏仍在跳动，但是他们的脑电波已呈直线。
va	O	他必须努力抑制自己的怒火，但是他也想让他们所有人都看到他有多么愤怒。
va	O	他握了握圣克莱尔伸出的手，并且然后他已经把我拉走了。
va	I	I needed what I had and I 'd only been allotted a small amount .
va	I	He took it , and she held out her hand .
va	I	My stomach knotted , and her cool fingers slipped into my hair .
va	I	The lock-on of the torpedoes can 't be fooled but the submarine tried desperately to lure the torpedoes away from them .
va	I	I 'm a bit shy , but I like them very much .
va	I	A discussion arose as to her fate and he took her to the ceremonial house .
va	I	She didn 't see any paper to write on , and it was too complicated for a verbal message .
va	I	He merely flicked her breast with his tongue , pulling back as he rolled over , but she arched closer .
va	O	我二十岁，每天两包烟，而且如果我不戒烟，我就活不到五十岁。
va	I	He breathes through his mouth , his lower lip jutting out , and there is something on his forehead that looks like soot .
va	O	我的心沉了下去，并且我感到恶心。
va	O	待在这里似乎是浪费时间，但是他不知道还能去哪里。
va	I	Squirmed to a sitting position on firmer ground , and I rolled over , dislodging Grenville 's hold .
va	I	The car slowed to a stop , and then brake lights flashed .
va	O	一个零碎的念头闪过她的脑海，并且梅丽莎减慢了车速。
va	O	我感到自己开始恐慌，并且我开始发抖。
va	I	They 'd moved in almost two years ago , and she still didn 't know the names of the couple who lived to the right of her .
va	I	The head cut her off , but Rachel opened her mouth to respond .
va	O	我在网上遇到了很棒的人，并且我想感谢他们所有人。
va	I	She couldn 't help a pout of frustration , and her lips tingled as he lifted his head .
va	O	他停了下来，并且我带着笑意凝视着他绿色的眼睛。
va	I	His eyelids lifted and the door opened .
va	I	He couldn 't remember what , but he was falling towards something .
va	O	我问了他，并且诺丽转动着他手中的拿铁杯，让沉默持续了几秒。
va	I	At that moment , Rachel realised just how burdened her father was and he let out a deep breath .
va	O	他的嘴里仍然有变质血液的味道，但是疼痛已经消失了。
va	I	There was no mistaking its presence , but it disappeared quickly .
va	I	She spotted Reginald right behind her with several of the men , and a shout made her glance over her shoulder as she charged into the woods .
va	I	Cassidy was doing it , but Diego never knew that leopards could purr .
va	O	它有一个瘪胎，并且另一个被撕烂了。
va	O	她知道自己说话声音太大了，但是斯特凡没有试图让她安静下来。
va	I	The noose was strangling me and it felt like the floor went out from under me .
va	O	你几乎不认识我，然而我把手放在你大腿上对我来说却显得再自然不过了。
va	I	The sound was gone in an instant , but she fell to one knee , grunting .
va	O	我专注于那个点，但是我的眼睛无法聚焦。
va	I	Her fear of fainting left and nothing moved .
va	O	我们服从，并且机器恢复了它的路径。
va	I	I sank to the white marble floor and my legs gave way .
va	O	达到目标需要好几年，但是这些女性很有耐心。
va	O	那个东西不断靠近，但是我什么也做不了。
va	O	菲利普的皮肤起鸡皮疙瘩了，而且他的心跳加速。
va	I	It sounded louder this time , more insistent , and the doorbell rang again .
va	O	虚空吞噬了他，但是有什么东西把他送了回来。
va	I	Emerson sent a patrol car to pick him up and Gary agreed to close the store for the day .
va	I	His cold eyes never moved from her face but his own remained bland .
va	O	她对着手机说话，但是她的声音大到好像根本不需要手机。
va	O	我的手伸了出去，好像要去碰他，但是我又缩了回来，为自己的反应感到尴尬。
va	O	他失去了与她共度一个下午的机会，但是按摩是治疗不可或缺的一部分。
va	O	这东西能增强通灵天赋，但是它有严重缺陷。
va	O	最初的想法是争取仍居住在那里的许多愤怒的法国人成为对抗英国人的盟友，但是此举失败了。
va	I	They were quickly ushered into a tan , beat-up SUV , but after landing , Kenny tried to show Leah the video .
va	O	我希望使用他的正式名字能提醒他是我老师，但是阿什顿反而笑了。
va	O	他也看到了，并且他的笑容更宽了。
va	O	她的喉咙哽咽了，并且她努力寻找词语。
va	I	It had ceased firing , but it was still there .
va	O	它们是你留在宇宙中的印记，并且永远无法被抹去。
va	I	All will be well and remember your duty to her .
va	I	I shoved at him and Horror ripped through me .
va	O	她听到外面有沙沙声，并且加勒特随后出现在敞开的门口。
va	O	他们走过街角，并且马丁几乎立刻停车了。
va	O	此时警报已经拉响，并且其他士兵也正在自卫。
va	O	我的前夫是一名房地产经纪人，并且我记得我当时在想他是否认识他。
va	O	他的嘴微微张开，而且他的瞳孔扩张得绿色几乎都消失了。
va	I	She didn 't care , but they thought her standoffish , probably called her a bitch behind her back .
va	I	Firm commands given by experienced soldiers , but not the panicked , frightened warbling from the warriors we had killed .
va	I	I 'll be home before dawn and Barth will deliver me safely .
va	O	楚巴发抖了，而且克林特继续。
va	O	她仍然很害怕，但是恐慌正在消退。
va	O	担心我妈妈会失业，而且他将不得不与两个家庭而不是一个家庭分享他的水上乐园的收益。
va	I	Now little more than inertia held them in place and the wind had worn away most of the mortar between the stones .
va	O	索耶对我抱怨，但是我不在乎。
va	I	At least the sharp pain he 'd experienced at first was no longer more than an ache , but he was still sore .
va	I	I catch it without thinking , and he tosses something to me .
va	I	His knuckles were white from clenching and Alonzo 's face was red .
va	I	The tips were awesome and the place was upscale .
va	O	一条链子划过瑞弗特的视野，而且在男孩来得及反应之前，他的脖子像晾衣绳一样撞到金属上。
va	O	他们翻过一道险峻的山脊，对人类来说可能无法逾越，并且达林发现自己正俯瞰一个深邃的火山口。
va	O	没错，八卦的程度确实有所减弱，但是它仍然存在。
va	I	His heart seemed to be in the right place but he may not have been the most effective preacher .
va	I	Eventually his instincts would lead him where he had to go , but he didn 't know what he 'd missed , if anything .
va	I	He was starting to worry and it had been three days .
va	I	It went against every fiber of our being , and we lived like prisoners .
va	I	He is very excited about developing more stories in the Open Channel Saga and Open Channel is Daniel 's first published work of fiction .
va	I	The deep loneliness imprinted on that handle took the sting out of my anger over his dire predictions , and it was Maximus 's room .
va	O	整个操作大约花了五分钟，随后警报再次响起，并且工作人员进入了下一个区域。
va	O	妈妈那边没有消息，而且已经九点多了。
va	I	Elliott 's head appeared in the doorway and the door to the room creaked open .
va	I	They met again and she called him two days later .
va	I	Sanya stepped up to the door , and the winch reeled back in .
va	O	她很想念她甜美的天使西莉亚，而且她也为她的儿子感到非常痛苦。
va	O	他的铁亭在平原上至少一英里外，但是他狂怒的声音我们听得很清楚。
va	O	她在父亲家有一个同父异母的妹妹，而且我再过三个月就要生了，所以她会再有一个兄弟姐妹。
va	O	她知道本吉有些不同，但是她不想相信。
va	I	The buzzing was persistent but I wasn 't going to answer it .
va	O	我说过我愿意接受你给的任何东西，但是我不会接受的。
va	O	我认识克洛伊一辈子了，并且她竟然还是把我狠狠地甩了。
va	O	我没有你而老去，并且我后悔没有跟着你，没有追随你。
va	I	Josie 's mind was elsewhere but she could hear Linda 's voice .
va	I	She lived alone and it was in the master bedroom .
va	I	It was still strange to get used to , but I knew that was the point .
va	O	她在家中分担了家务清理工作，并且她会理解那些驱动他的关系。
va	O	谁也不知道外面有多少怪物，但是他们知道他们已经困住了猎物。
va	I	I was burning air much faster than normal and my excitement had drummed up my heart rate .
va	I	He didn 't pin all his hopes on it , but Arthur had an idea on how he could find information on Dugin .
va	I	The humans would be all exterminated and I knew a war was coming .
va	O	我会搜查斯科特的房间，并且你会放哨。
va	I	That wasn 't the whole of him but Fade tried to be gentle with me .
va	O	只剩下两个游乐设施了，并且时间不多了。
va	O	他紧张得要命，但是他说的有道理。
va	I	It could only have been Rachel , her neighbor , and someone had been in her garden .
va	O	我问了，并且他耸了耸肩。
va	O	电话继续响了好几次，并且 Zayne 仍然没有接听。
va	I	When he does , sweetness reigns , but the odds are 2 to 1 against him getting a hit .
va	O	她的皮肤是温暖的，并且她闻起来有家的味道。
va	O	你将一点不剩，并且世界会因此变得更美好。
va	I	A slow smile spreads across his face and he angles forward , meeting my eyes .
va	O	我所做的一切都是暂时的，并且我这样做只是为了让你不会为自己的弱点感到羞耻。
va	O	这个念头让 Ty 的笑容变得更温暖，并且他抬起 Zane 的手亲吻他的手指。
va	I	I was no longer blind to their experiments , but they had experimented on me like a rat in a cage .
va	I	I couldn 't break off to search for him , but sometimes I thought I heard his voice calling out orders .
va	O	她看着我等待我的反应，但是我只是耸了耸肩。
va	O	他夸张地做出了转身的姿态，并且我把连衣裙从头上套了进去。
va	O	这个传教士在你看来可能像个天使，但是他会伤害 Zion。
va	I	She couldn 't process them , but Gabby heard all the words .
va	O	铃声很快响了，并且她无法让孩子们足够快地吃上午饭。
va	O	玛丽亚走了过来，并且我把手放在她的鼻子上。
va	I	You would have been pissed off in reading it and there would be no real point to the novel .
va	I	He nodded , but his look told her that he wasn 't certain of her motives .
va	O	靠近地板让她能看到的东西变少了，但是她别无选择，所以她只好往下看。
va	I	I returned the smile , and he smiled .
va	O	我有时会想起这件事，随着我们这些年渐行渐远，随着托比逐渐被人遗忘，并且我获得了莫名其妙的社交成功。
va	I	It was nowhere he wanted to be , and he could see where this was headed .
va	O	我不像你一样有完美的成绩，但是我毫不怀疑我会进入法学院。
va	I	I didn 't bite , but she was baiting me .
va	O	他的下巴紧绷着，并且他的嘴唇抿紧了。
va	O	坚持自己的原则，并且自力更生。
va	O	她没有不在场证明，并且她丈夫的不忠给了她一个典型的作案动机。
va	I	I follow her with my stupid arm taped to my side , and Becca moves toward the stands .
va	O	他的手指停留在我的颧骨上，并且他正惊恐地看着我的眼睛。
va	O	甚至警长办公室的克洛维斯对她也一直很冷淡，而且她仍然不确定该如何看待卡迈克尔本人。
va	O	我在淋浴前摘下了我的项圈，并且他一言不发地把它重新扣回我的脖子上。
va	O	雨停了，但是黑暗笼罩着树林。
va	I	The recorder was prepared and once completed , I was marched by two officers from my cell to the interview room .
va	O	她的手又抽搐了一下，并且我紧紧抓住座位的底部，屏住了呼吸。
va	O	她把面板拉向自己，并且它继续打开。
va	I	Time suddenly stood still and Helen let her eyes travel to the right page .
va	O	你是一个很棒的男人，并且你一直是我很棒的朋友。
va	O	最终他将需要梅尔罗斯无法提供的帮助，并且三名优秀的增援人员站在他面前。
va	I	She was still a step ahead , but they might think they were clever .
va	I	It spread with luscious warmth all through her , and what she swallowed was richer than chocolate , smoother than cream .
va	I	Because he 's ... what , her familiar , and okay , so we take the cat out with us ?
va	I	Both were gone , and another white-hot flash .
va	I	This time , she was the one who shook , and she splayed her fingers on my chest .
va	O	我们讨论了到底有多大，并且我竭力才没让嘴巴张开。
va	O	她说她需要空气，并且他让她走了，给了她空间。
va	I	My lips trembled , and this little detail about our life together tore at my heart .
va	I	The light had changed and he looked in his rearview mirror .
va	O	她要了链子的钥匙，并且我毫不犹豫地告诉她钥匙在哪儿。
va	I	Alice nodded , and asked Ted .
va	I	She didn 't want to accidentally run into Mark but Jamie briefly considered walking around the neighborhood just to get away from the room 's four walls .
va	O	她通常很坚强，但是今天她却心力交瘁。
va	O	杰克不是一个有耐心的人，但是他知道他在这里需要有耐心。
va	O	艾奥娜翻身站了起来，然后她伸了个懒腰，双臂举过头顶。
va	O	那个人到达我们身边时气喘吁吁，但是他仍然设法把话说清楚。
va	I	Dutton was befuddled by it , and Anne married wisely .
va	I	One thing you must learn is to be in the moment and this is war .
va	O	宽恕对人类来说可能微不足道，但是它在我们的世界里却意义重大。
va	O	雷金纳德考虑朝那人的脸上吐口水，但是这看起来太老套了。
va	I	She was so appreciative of that and I had a fantastic relationship with her .
va	O	他可能没有杀死本吉，但是他仍然让我们俩都经历了这一切。
va	O	我的手指摸到了纸，并且我把它拿了出来。
va	O	我不认识这个地方，但是也许我们之前走了另一条路线。
va	O	杰克在我身旁立刻变得紧张，并且他不安地挪动着身子。
va	O	我们俩同时问道，并且我们俩都笑了。
va	O	这看起来像是学期的最后一天，但是距离万圣节只剩一周了。
va	I	A life lived without chasing its destiny may as well be death , and we 've all got our destinies .
va	O	我很高兴她不知道我是谁，并且她正在向我展示她是如何对待俱乐部顾客的。
va	O	我们每个人都会说起对母亲最美好的回忆，并且我们会祝愿她在来世安好。
va	O	微弱的光线透过窗户洒进来，并且衣柜上方的烟雾报警器发出微弱的红光。
va	O	她通常会因表现出任何弱点而感到尴尬，但是她足够关心我，以至于放下了防备。
va	O	我看到煤油卡车驶来，扬起灰尘，并且男人们拿着临时下船梯子在旁边奔跑。
va	I	I was lying in bed and it was the middle of the afternoon .
va	I	It no longer affected me like it had only minutes before , but it was saturated with the scent of my mother 's blood .
va	O	他把饮料放在我面前，并且我喝了一小口。
va	O	卢西安是一位部长，但是他却不是神。
va	O	纳森甚至又挤出了几滴眼泪，并且斯莱德拉近镜头进行特写。
va	I	It disappears as quickly as it arrived but I feel warmth trickle through my head .
va	O	他正在消失，但是她现在知道他在哪里了。
va	I	His anticipation returned and the weight lifted .
va	I	Ren was always welcome , but to be honest , he hadn 't been expecting company on this particular winter day .
va	I	I still didn 't turn , but he strummed a little louder .
va	I	I caught them before they hit me in the face , but I almost spilled my coffee on my sweater .
va	I	He had to do something , but it seemed a fragile defense against the crazed Shed .
va	O	现在对她来说太危险了，并且她必须深深地躲藏起来。
va	O	她要么还在睡觉，或者我需要靠近一点。
va	O	我慢慢地把头转向他，并且我们的目光相遇了。
va	I	That 's it , but sure some fish were nice to him .
va	I	He could feel all the strength draining from his body and he was starting to see stars spark in front of his eyes now .
va	I	I nearly agreed with Aunt Tatiana until I took a moment to mentally replay what Sydney had said , and my temper started to flare .
va	O	太阳才刚刚落下，并且这里只有几个孩子。
va	I	Her dark cloud of hair was wet where tears had fal en into it , and her lips were parted .
va	I	It was the draft counseling that had gotten her mother killed , wasn 't it , but she could have gone on reading about AMP ?
va	O	我是一名调查伊森·贝克死亡的私人侦探，并且我认为奥黛丽会知道些什么。
va	I	I smiled , and she opened her eyes .
va	I	It only moved a couple of inches , but Kelly pulled the seatbelt to fasten it .
va	I	She accepted it from her maid with a grateful smile and a moment later a glass filled with red liquid was held out to her .
va	I	I adore her and Rebecca ( Becky for short , as she hates being called Rebecca ) was also one of my other best friends .
va	O	她是个糟糕的欺凌者，并且她的父母也好不到哪去。
va	O	他的头低了下来，并且他的嘴唇吻住了她的。
va	O	她的脸因愤怒而涨红，并且她把手臂收了回来，好像要扔什么东西。
va	I	The glaze of pain was fading and he watched her , happy to note that her color was returning steadily now .
va	O	它非常好吃，并且肉汁很棒。
va	I	They always had an agenda , but they never had an appointment .
va	I	She began to sob in earnest , and whatever haze had silenced her passed .
va	I	I roped a leg of the tights around his neck , tugging back with all my strength , and he stepped through the doorway .
va	O	埃莉诺甜蜜地向他投降了，并且他体验到了无价的东西。
va	O	斯隆有时很认真对待性，而有时她不。
va	I	She traces the tattoos that decorate my arm from wrist to shoulder , and her fingertips touch my forearm lightly .
va	I	Amanda did the same and Senator Ritter stood .
va	O	他冷酷无情，但是她一直都知道。
va	I	Instead , I obey , but I need to run .
va	O	几分钟漫长地过去了，而问题仍然悬在空中，没有答案。
va	I	A piss poor one at that , last Cain had heard , and Lucifer was a guardian .
va	O	这正是她所设想的进入如此美丽的家的方式，但是她小心翼翼地提醒自己为何在那里。
va	I	This time , he pressed it to his erection , and then he picked up her hand , dragged it to him .
va	I	I could tell it was still going to be too small , but I pressed the button that opened the door all the way .
va	I	Her face became more serious , and she looked up at Abigail .
va	I	She nodded , but her face held disgust .
va	O	这不是我喜欢目睹的事情，但是无可奈何。
va	O	她试图单独与杰森相处，与他交谈，但是他们整周都没有联系上。
va	O	我看着那只现在躺在我腿上的手，心想它至少会是红色的，如果不是起泡的话，但是它看起来很正常。
va	O	她曾希望莱利会是那样，但是诅咒污染了他，使他更难接受美好。
va	O	罗南又为那只黄蜂烦躁了片刻才开口，并且当他终于开口时，他没有看甘西。
va	O	有什么东西爆炸了，并且我向后跳去，双手飞快地举到脸前。
va	O	她投射到他脑海中的巨树图像立刻止住了抱怨，并且她退回了阴影中。
va	I	She could tell by the angry look in his eyes that he wasn 't making it up , but she 'd ask if he was serious .
va	O	她的眼睛闪烁了一下，并且她把目光移开了。
va	O	纳森冲出了我的房间，并且主卧室的门砰地关上了。
va	O	卡拉感到她的眼睛涌出了泪水，并且它们开始自由地滴落在西蒙的胸膛上。
va	O	凯西突然明白了阿曼达的意思，并且这像一记重击打在她身上。
va	O	劳雷尔知道如果她愿意，她就能想到那个主意，但是她没有。
va	O	你说你了解他们，但是我认为你不知道所有的事情。
va	I	I grabbed her chin and she hugged me closely .
va	I	The guilt from feeding off her , well , that didn 't help either , and it was the stress starting to get to him .
va	I	He looks like he wouldn 't mind a disappearing act either , and I want to shove Cricket back behind that Hell 's Angel .
va	O	我们只有这扇小窗，并且当它关闭时，就一切都结束了吗？
va	I	When he opened them back up , she saw something she 'd never seen before , and he shook his head , closed his eyes .
va	I	The weather was still beautifully warm each day , and we had come to the end of October .
va	I	It took the boys a while to toughen up their muscles , and Steel swords were heavier than the wooden toy swords of their childhood had been .
va	I	She wanted someone to know if he suddenly tried to throttle her , and Peter had a hair-trigger temper .
va	O	他找到了她，并且他再也不会失去她了。
va	I	Bullets can pierce , and Steel can slice .
va	O	只有马龙知道我做了什么，并且你绝不能泄露那个秘密。
va	I	Wade had gotten the gist , but he hadn 't been able to go into detail over the phone .
va	O	他至少比塞缪尔高两英寸，而且他的技能能与血之战士匹敌。
va	I	She wasn 't a bartender by trade but she narrowed her eyes to gauge his preference .
va	I	I accepted it absently , biting off each end before I realized what I was doing , and Cassidy offered me one of her Red Vines .
va	I	Cody gave him one and Dale held out his hand for high-five .
va	O	我猛地停了下来，意识到我正在向前移动，但是我的洗衣袋却没有。
va	I	It lists the types , but according to this , there are about 10 Swords in existence , of course !
va	O	蜿蜒的小径通向火山顶，并且我们小组约三分之一的人最终登上了山顶。
va	O	明知他爱我，我却为此烦恼，这完全不理智，但是我的一部分却希望他没有过去。
va	O	这不理想，但是已经没有什么理想的了。
va	O	不想让塔拉在电话上等太久，我给沙恩打了电话，并且考虑到他目前的状况，他的指示出人意料地清楚。
va	I	Right now I 'm working up a huge anger , but I 'm usually pretty calm .
va	O	我爱他，但是事情出了差错。
va	O	他颤抖了一下，并且我感到一阵轻松。
va	O	我以前从未听过他的声音，并且这让我的心跳得非常快，我甚至觉得心跳声响彻耳边。
va	I	Mom insisted , but I should have pushed to drive more .
va	I	I did speak to each of them briefly , but I may not have conducted their interviews .
va	O	还有一些照片，里面有个女孩被标记为奥黛丽，并且我仔细地看了看她。
va	I	She held my arm but I turned to leave .
va	I	Just in case , I swam up anyway , but I didn 't feel I needed air yet .
va	O	他的剑已握在手中，但是他的握姿却很松散，仿佛他根本不想使用它。
va	I	Thankfully the old dear had never noticed , and Henrietta had quickly cast a health spell .
va	I	Annie shrugged , and Peter asked .
va	O	有人喊了一声，并且清晰的枪栓上膛声从敞开的门里传来。
va	O	他没有料到会有人来，而且他几乎不认识他的邻居。
va	O	我猛地扣动了扳机，但是紧接着却只是一声咔嗒。
va	I	They flew off and the Angel invited the boys into the starship .
va	O	苦涩涌出，并且他将双臂向两侧甩开。
va	I	The song was apparently some sort of a pass code and the igloos were bunkers .
va	I	I nodded , and said Ares .
va	I	Nothing could bring me down and I was on Cloud Nine .
va	I	When Sergio helped her pick out the accessories she saw just why he was one of the best , but the dress was incredible enough .
va	O	电梯发出一声轻微的叮声，宣告他们抵达，并且门滑开了。
va	O	他邀请我第二天共进午餐，并且我欣然接受了。
va	O	凯莉脸上带着微笑推开了它，但是笑容立刻就消失了。
va	O	一阵刺骨的冷风吹过沙漠边缘，并且他抱住我，好像在肯定我刚才说的话。
va	I	They were off to the new house and Drew gently helped her into his car .
va	I	I can 't help it , but I attempt not to smile .
va	I	He didn 't want to die to know , but while he was dying to know what they 'd found .
va	O	一丝解脱的神情掠过他的脸庞，并且它柔和成一个微笑。
va	O	他向前逼近，并且我缓缓后退。
va	O	她需要这份工作，而且尽管他多么想让她和他在一起，他却不认为她已经准备好承诺和他同居。
va	I	I had to know if he was playing with me but I hadn 't thought before I 'd blurted out my question .
va	I	His intention is not realized , but she wanted to avoid as much as possible the condolences .
va	I	He 'd waited too long for this fantasy , but he wanted to savor the experience .
va	O	他知道他阻止不了朱莉，她是个固执己见的女人，但是他希望责任不要在他身上。
va	I	She won 't tonight but it 'd be different if they thought she 'd wake up .
va	I	He has no contact with him , but his father still lives in England .
va	O	分离是痛苦的，但是已经没有回头路了。
va	I	The rain came down so hard she could barely see past the windshield , but Sarah tried to keep going .
va	I	Family photographs covered every surface , and there were enough bouquets to stock a flower shop .
va	O	他脱下衬衫，并且我凝视着他的胸膛。
va	I	The sound 's deafening , and the club is pitch-black .
va	I	I quickly dropped my gaze back to my tablet , and I looked up to find Asher smirking at me .
va	O	他的语气听起来近乎戏弄，但是她注意到他没有把手臂从她脖子上拿开。
va	I	She already knew the answer , but she asked the question .
va	I	The curiosity he felt overruled his irritation , and his frustration at the complex nature of the puzzles had waned somewhat .
va	I	The girl smiled even broader and the interpreter did as requested .
va	O	他的拳头猛地砸在我的脸颊上，并且我咕哝一声倒在地上。
va	O	那些明亮的小眼睛又盯着他看了一会儿，让人心神不宁，并且然后门被打开得更宽了。
va	O	就像有人在黑暗的房间里打开了电灯，并且我能看到光。
va	O	我想要一个穿孔，但是史蒂夫禁止我这样做！
va	I	She began to cry and she gasped .
va	I	It was too late , but Brendan frantically called orders over his headset .
va	I	The wagon wheels cut into it steadily , with a curious crunching sound , and their hoofs broke through the crust of the snow at every step .
va	O	我曾依赖他们，而且他们也曾依赖我。
va	O	床单很快地拉到下巴处，并且女孩用枕头撑起身子。
va	O	是的，你是个男人，但是你却像个孩子一样！
va	I	Ready to slam down and a robotic arm held a partially formed plastic shell in position .
va	I	It wasn 't a happy something , and Bill said something under his breath .
va	I	He moved into a nicer one , but sure , I got the house .
va	O	风暴终于到达了莫诺盆地，而且雨水已经开始落在远处的山区。
va	I	Julia 's imagination conjured up the possibility of it , but there wasn 't nearly enough snow to hide a trail .
va	O	她尴尬地笑了笑，并且他轻轻地触碰了她的手。
va	I	He gave into exhaustion as she left the room , and Ethan Graff seemed pleased .
va	O	七姐妹区有很多镜子，但是他可能会因为在任何一面镜子前看太久而被揍。
va	I	Then she remembered Cammie , and her grip eased on the door .
va	I	Shock overtook her face and she looked at me .
va	O	那是个好主意，但是我们没有任何东西可以用来固定它。
va	I	His accent grated on the natives , but Boyd 's French was decent .
va	O	那才只是两年前的事，但是对迪伦来说那感觉像永恒。
va	O	随着她开机，屏幕亮了起来，并且我注意到她完全静止了。
va	I	She still didn 't see the figure , but this time the old man was almost out of sight .
va	I	I was late for my date with Robin and I hated being late .
va	I	Born was touched by the young Earth human 's show of emotions , and it is a powerful weapon , capable of swaying circumstances in their favor .
va	I	We silently make our way up the stairs , and he took my hand in his grasp .
va	I	They smiled at each other and he nudged her in return .
va	O	世界今天变了，并且人们几乎只能靠自己了。
va	O	布朗宁拥有格蕾丝，现在格蕾丝需要里约。
va	I	I beat him to the punch , but Owen turned to me .
va	O	我可以通过跳跃到达顶部，但是我的四肢渴望攀登的挑战。
va	I	He motioned her through and the doors opened on their floor .
va	O	有才华的克里斯·帕拉特给了我两个选择，并且我想把它们都用上。
va	O	他又笑了，并且她也跟着他笑了。
va	O	水顺着她蹲伏的身体倾泻而下，并且寒颤传遍了她的全身。
va	I	The writings were nearly extinct and it was an ancient spell .
va	O	结束了咨询，我试图赶紧回到办公室以避开珍妮特的问题，但是在我走出电梯时她把我堵住了。
va	O	你的肺部受损了，但是它们愈合得非常快。
va	O	周日晚饭在他父母家是强制性的，而且他的每个兄弟姐妹都会在那里。
va	O	我感觉到当她在我的身下放松时，沉重的呼吸从她的肺部缓缓逸出，她的灵魂也融入了我的。
va	I	I knew I couldn 't , but someone saner might have just let the whole thing go .
va	I	The officers walked away , and Blue stilled , said something .
va	O	他松开了手，并且他的横向移动停止了。
va	O	拉他靠近她，并且将她的唇贴在他的唇上。
va	I	I was left in silence in my empty room and she hung up .
va	I	It wasn 't yet a fact , but he had a destination .
va	I	She reached up to brush her hair out of her face and the cool autumn breeze lifted her hair off her shoulders .
va	O	这比电影里展示的需要多得多的力量，并且一个真正的捏合器太大了，装不进面包车。
va	I	I would soon catch you ; but you can run .
va	I	Realm will know what 's going on , but Kevin seemed nervous about something .
va	I	I didn 't say anything , but I didn 't like her immediately when I found out about this .
va	I	I turned around immediately to see how he would react to Prudence 's disappearing act , and Kiernan had been watching us intently .
va	O	我教了你，并且你学得很好。
va	I	Travis go back to him and I can 't let her .
va	I	Father notices me staring , and a ladder looms ahead of me as well , extending through a hatch in the ceiling .
va	I	Her arms trembled , but Emma reached out .
va	I	Her dad told me he left a key at the neighbor 's house but Jules ' house was empty .
va	O	马车在转弯时猛地一晃，并且萨姆抓住了他头边悬挂的皮带。
va	I	Something had stolen her joy but she tried to hide it .
va	I	The words never made it to her lips , but Maureen turned around , prepared to apologize for the way Karen had instantly made herself at home .
va	I	In exchange , I 'll give you three cans of food , and you 're going to work for my dad for three days .
va	O	她在飞机上喝的玛格丽塔酒劲儿还在，并且她真的应该在喝别的东西之前吃点东西。
va	O	一个男人站在她身后，一把枪抵着她的后脑勺，但是她似乎并未因此感到不安。
va	O	自从女孩们各自走开后，彼得就没怎么说话，但是他觉得这也没什么。
va	I	I don 't have the heart , but I want to ask him what he 's staring at .
va	I	No , Mrs. Jackson was pouring from that one now , but she watched to see if they were just helping themselves to the second bag .
va	I	Fresh made pastries I 'd gotten at the local market and Sunday , though , we had enjoyed a late breakfast .
va	I	This house might help me clear my head a bit and I felt a little distance between myself .
va	O	他投来他那特有的眼神，那意味着他只是在开玩笑，但是托马斯想知道其中是否藏着一点点真相。
va	I	Mercer cut her off , but Hannah started to reply .
va	O	她假装只是有点兴趣，但是 我感觉到她手腕上的脉搏加速了。
va	O	我们会将氧气包背在背上，并且 我相信我们每天只被允许外出三个小时。
va	O	他想象着所有的肌肉酸痛和紧张如同液体般充斥着他的身体。
va	I	You must hear me and out of my decisions I am now pregnant with you .
va	I	I answered yes to both questions , and then he asked if I spoke English .
va	O	外面一片漆黑，并且 我想抽自己一巴掌。
va	O	是时候讨论这些问题了，并且 在这里他们可以不被偷听地交谈。
va	I	Cassiopeia wondered at the thoughts swirling through this troubled woman 's mind , and her blue eyes seemed on the verge of tears .
va	O	我本该松一口气的，但是 不知为何，我胃里却产生了一阵恶心感。
va	I	I 'm still on my belly and it splashes in the mud .
va	O	罗曼偷偷地和我一起去了，但是 我花了一段时间才真正能和埃里克单独相处。
va	I	He seemed very confident that she would , and he was hoping for her to miss .
va	O	两者都以安娜贝尔·布洛克的名字签署，但是 其中一份批注上的笔迹明显是男性的。
va	I	On Padme 's wedding day , her handiwork had never been finer and creating something so beautiful out of a roll of fabric was her specialty .
va	O	我试图把头从那个声音转开，但是它没有动。
va	I	A train screeched by pushing my long golden hair forcefully behind me , and at dawn I reached a diner called Johnnie 's by the Tracks .
va	O	我们回到了另一个房间，并且我在开门前向里窥视。
va	O	它们在过去一个月里飙升至1000多美元，但是就在今天它们暴跌至每枚不到750美元。
va	I	I followed behind Jakob , scared of what we were about to see , and my face was flushed with heat .
va	O	每个人都开始环顾房间，并且我这次看到这不只是在我脑海中。
va	I	He knew what was coming and his mother 's face clouded .
va	I	Somehow the strong grip was more gentle this time , but his scarred hand closed once more around her wrist .
va	I	The whole class is now scrutinizing me and being so close to the chalkboard is really driving me nuts .
va	O	那听起来可能很糟糕，但是我的意思是它并没有那么困扰我。
va	I	Maryanne could sense the forces raging within him , and his breathing was labored .
va	I	I was utterly incapable of giving him control over the other parts of my life , but I could give him control in bed .
va	I	I was lost and Everything was dark .
va	O	我被禁足了一个月，但是我泰然处之。
va	O	博的声音变得像丝滑的咕噜声，并且他的眼睛落在了我的嘴唇上。
va	I	Even this proved to be easily overcome , but the gate was apparently their only adversary .
va	O	他用手扶住了一个点滴架，点滴架随即滚了一下，并且有一秒钟她高兴地以为他可能会再次倒下。
va	O	厨房窗户的光线映入她的眼帘，并且它们瞬间闪耀着绿光。
va	I	It was an entirely different situation altogether if she dated ... but it was one thing for him to date .
va	I	He laughed , and his eyes found her again .
va	O	索菲亚·克莱蒙是世界上排名最高的猎人之一的女儿，并且他放我走了因为他知道我爱她。
va	O	我过了一会儿才搞定那部分，但是花了我更长的时间才习惯用回声来操纵。
va	O	是的，有些不对劲，并且只有一个解决办法。
va	O	她告诉自己这是为了大局，并且她相信了。
va	O	她知道他已经走了，但是花了这么长时间才真正承认。
va	I	She could smell him , but she couldn 't see him .
va	I	Lennox halts me , but I begin to turn .
va	O	苔丝从伊森的车里跳了出来，并且她灿烂的笑容让凯利忘记了格格不入的感觉。
va	O	门滑开了，并且杰特站在另一边，焦急地搓着手。
va	O	她扔掉了绳子，并且他们都一起笑了。
va	O	那些同时显得瘦削又松弛的特征，如果不能忍受，至少也变得熟悉了。
va	I	I lifted my hand in return , and he paused to wave good night to me .
va	I	Brad ran into the next carriage and there was a scream .
va	O	他参加了迈克所有的体育赛事、学术活动和毕业典礼。
va	I	I 'm not sure I can bear even one more loss and it 's all so overwhelming .
va	I	His bare forearms were striped with bloody whip marks , and Mark was wearing only a T-shirt .
va	I	Suddenly the physical was all there was , and I didn 't think of the physical .
va	O	他盯着他们，并且他们也盯着他。
va	I	There appeared to be no hope for them , and she had been round the room several times .
va	I	Of those , nearly all of them were already seeing off the last of their customers , and only a few taverns remained open .
va	O	她想问那男人更多问题，想让他留久一点，但是她想不出还能说什么。
va	I	The sandwich disappeared quickly and Lydia found herself hungry .
va	O	我需要让我的魔法休息，或者这次我可能会真正永久性地伤害自己。
va	I	I know that the pause in answering her is going to make me look guilty and my mind tries to come up with an excuse .
va	O	我以前常跟着他们转，希望能被他们注意到，但是讽刺的是，连那些被排斥的人都不想要我。
va	I	A new pain gripped him , and a knot formed in Ash 's chest .
va	I	I purr without meaning to , and my fingers rake down his perfectly chiseled chest .
va	I	Jason gradually grew more comfortable astride the running horse , and the town receded behind them .
va	O	光的存在曾给予我一种掌控感，但是现在，在黑暗中，我再次感到手无寸铁。
va	O	我已经向我们的领导询问了详情，但是那些详情不是他能分享的。
va	O	在随后的交火中，两人丧生，并且许多人受伤。
va	I	You don 't seem to care , but you 're well liked at school .
va	O	他一直在将秘密信息植入自己的DNA中，并且他可能在那里藏匿了各种各样的东西。
va	I	He pushed it open in time to see his helicopter wheel away into the clear sky and the roof door locks released .
va	O	我嗤之以鼻，将他推开，但是他却只是把我拉得更紧。
va	I	She couldn 't find the voice to do so , but she had half a mind to stop him .
va	I	My sights transfixed upon Timothy chomping away on the teacher from hell and my breathing slowed down to a steady pace .
va	O	梅丽夫人的眼睛眯了起来，并且她的嘴唇紧抿。
va	I	She 'd kept quiet , but it 'd been tempting .
va	O	爸爸爬上了拖拉机，并且我们就出发去摘棉花了。
va	O	我们的人民已经组织起来了，并且我们的使命很明确。
va	O	在他们的坚持下，金额很少，但是这对拮据的家庭预算来说仍然是一笔福音。
va	O	我听到高跟鞋敲击碎石的声音时就冲向楼梯，但是我还是太迟了。
va	O	我感到性感，充满力量，而且这仅仅是个开始。
va	O	继续做Sutton，或者你就是下一个。
va	O	她没有告诉她爸爸关于答录机里的留言，而且她也不打算告诉。
va	O	有些是伟大的灵魂，而且有些是渺小的灵魂。
va	O	我是对的，而且我能看出她也知道。
va	O	一名护士在门关上的那一刻转过弯，而且我跑向了货车。
va	I	They knew how to do it , and all Carlos had to do was tell them what he wanted .
va	O	尽管Eddy没有，而且他没有再问更多。
va	I	She detected an American twist , which was curious but his Russian was good .
va	O	我喉咙里尝到了咸味，并且我的声音想要颤抖。
va	O	钱只是额外的奖金，但是我知道即使他一贫如洗，她也会爱他。
va	O	她看起来已经很羞愧了，但是我不打算让这件事就这么算了。
va	O	人群把我推向爱德华，并且我抓住了他的手臂。
va	O	我准备敲门，但是令我惊讶的是，门已经开了。
va	I	She a lowly mortal , a minor piece on the chessboard of his life and he was like a Greek god .
va	I	Nothing was out of order , but I half expected the room to be in complete disarray .
va	O	他曾想告诉她一切，尤其是他一直没有回到她身边而感到多么羞愧，但是不知为何她知道了。
va	I	Then he 'd always taken my side , but his lack of support bothered me .
va	O	他们在一起的那一夜是他记忆中最充满激情和最令人满意的一夜。
va	I	The sharp pain was gone , and my lip began to tingle .
va	O	他只记得一点点日落谷的事情，但是他那时不想提出来。
va	I	He nodded , and I finished .
va	I	It appeared that each saint had been joined by one angelic tour guide , and the crowd was thinning out .
va	I	It made him wary , and there were no guards .
va	I	Now I have nothing and I had a life .
va	I	I saw a gleam of interest in his eye , and Grenville gave me an inquisitive look .
va	O	门开了一道缝，并且一张忧虑的脸出现了。
va	O	我耸耸肩，从床下抓起一个包，并且然后在我面前戏剧性地挥舞双手。
va	I	There will be dancing afterward and it 's said to be the crowning glory of the voyage .
va	I	He still kept hold of his pistol , but he fell to the floor .
va	I	Yet she wasn 't and she should be embarrassed .
va	O	她的笑声在她自己听来有些尴尬，但是她希望他不会注意到。
va	I	The sky to the west was red , and 2 It was late afternoon .
va	I	I was pretty sure Fate had , but he might not have heard me .
va	I	He caught it , but her nod was nearly imperceptible .
va	I	Rio liked the insult that Sam hurled out , but Titan was far from a special ops wannabe .
va	O	樱桃站在他身边，并且他搂住了她的腰。
va	O	他亲了我的脸颊，并且我走进了屋里。
va	O	我们又飞了一段，并且杰克警告我他要稍微降低直升机来给我看些东西。
va	I	It is apparent and she hates me .
va	O	他已经尝试过几次施咒让阿兰娜回来，但是什么都没有发生。
va	I	Savannah made quitting a game , but her mother would punish him when she caught him in action .
va	O	她正是在穿过客厅时看到了挂坠盒，并且她僵住了。
va	I	A silent refrigerator stood at another wall , and a microwave oven sat on a counter .
va	I	He 'd adamantly refused , but Marissa had been urging him to use dating websites .
va	O	它冰冷地贴在我的皮肤上，但是我却感觉到我再次穿上它的真相正在我心中燃烧。
va	I	He forced a smile and she returned the bottle .
va	I	It just looks back at him , but Michel waits for the cat to run .
va	O	我颤抖了一下，并且我的心因担忧而揪紧。
va	O	帕奇的手机响了，并且他看向显示屏。
va	O	她把一切都计划到了最后一秒，并且这场争吵完全毁了她的一天。
va	O	那是他的侄女和我将要逃离舞会的那个晚上。
va	I	He just opened the door and I didn 't say nothing .
va	O	我的巧言妙语再次消失了，但是他说的没错。
va	I	What you are doing sets a very dangerous precedent , and you are not an authorized surgeon .
va	I	I quickly closed the small gap between us , flying into his body , nearly knocking him over and he held his arms open at me .
va	I	My head ached but I strained to sit up .
va	I	It opened into the darkened room and she knocked on Celestino 's door .
va	O	然后我听到他的声音，并且我知道是他。
va	O	它看起来不是很锋利，并且粉色的手柄让它看起来几乎无害。
va	I	We are sure as sure heading for the cusp of a waterfall but my mind irritatingly points out the cliché !
va	O	他的手摸向头发，并且他沮丧地用手指梳理着头发。
va	O	蕾妮有她的理由，但是 我怀疑她想让我在旅途中和她在一起，因为 届时我们就可以规划我的未来。
va	I	I had no other chance of stopping her and not until my air was almost completely gone .
va	O	其他人中的一个刚得分，并且坐在看台上的几个孩子欢呼起来。
va	I	The more they danced , the more the place cheered and it seemed the place had come alive .
va	O	我违反了一个规则，并且后果可能是灾难性的。
va	O	她现在无法面对那个，并且尽管如此，她发现自己希望玛西娅在那里。
va	O	我对着他们俩说话，因为他们都有罪，并且他们不看我的脸。
va	I	Immediately I reacted , and Colin lunged , landing on top of me .
va	O	他觉得他的堡垒很宽敞，并且他完全伸展开了身体。
va	O	房子住满了人，并且麦克的床是客厅里的沙发。
va	O	她抬起臀部，努力适应他的尺寸，并且他陷得更深了！
va	I	The valley was not large enough to hold it , but a glowing black column rose high into the sky .
va	I	The building works from a few doors away and he listened to the muted sounds of traffic .
va	O	弗瑞扑向他，但是他的肌肉不听使唤。
va	I	She felt his teeth on her neck , and he leaned to her , his body heat like a blanket .
va	I	That had definitely helped to sway my parents , and I had landed a pretty nice scholarship though .
va	O	他把它们从她的腿上拉下来，并且扔到房间的另一边。
va	O	仅仅因为我想要某样东西，并不意味着我能立刻实现它，并且这个目标可能超出了我的能力范围。
va	O	又一声枪响，并且剧痛传遍了里约的胸膛。
va	I	His hands fisted at his side , betraying his easy look but his head shook lazily from side to side as if in disbelief .
va	O	布里姆坐在她的一侧，并且尽管他们没有身体接触，她仍感受到他身上散发出的同情。
va	I	The pain on his face made me regret my question , and he pulled away enough to look me in the eye .
va	I	The regiment wasn 't ready and an attack could come any day now .
va	O	他看了我很久，仿佛他明白了什么，但是毫无意义，因为对此无能为力。
va	I	He 's my son as much as yours , but my blood might not run in his veins .
va	I	Takeshi remained silent , knowing as much as I did that Andy wouldn 't be persuaded , and Maria sighed loudly .
va	O	她的思绪飞转，但是她的想法对她来说毫无意义。
va	I	It 's no matter , but I have no idea who Magic Mike is .
va	I	She did know that her life was changing but Rachel wasn 't sure what would happen next .
va	O	我已经参与了律师事务所提供的每一个机会，但是哈佛法学院的全额奖学金才是我真正想要的。
va	I	The bulbs started flashing and I didn 't even notice when all eyes turned to me .
va	O	金黄的黄油融化进面包卷的缝隙里，并且我还没吃第一口就已经口水直流了。
va	I	Most of my short time on this earth has been merry , and I was born in that great country a little over twenty two years ago .
va	O	没人说话，而且他们都在盯着我看。
va	O	他的存在以前从未困扰过我，但是突然间，那种亲密感却差点让我崩溃。
va	O	她的目光扫过他赤裸的身体，并且她匆忙地移开了视线，又一次脸红了。
va	I	This time , his lips stayed warm on her skin for a long time , and he kissed her fingers again .
va	O	它掉到了地上，并且我同时感到一阵剧痛。
va	O	诺艾尔曾努力不让他得逞，但是最终，她在那方面也失败了。
va	O	特伦特指着他的Intrepid车，但是我却停在了我的Jeep车旁。
va	O	我自从在我的时间线中，时间旅行被发现至今七十年来，一直在进行时间旅行，并且我很享受其中的冒险。
va	O	你因为我不去教堂而骚扰我，然而你却想让我在那里对每个人撒谎？
va	I	An atom 's width short and you are a trillion miles long .
va	O	当她心情不好时，这不知为何真的很困扰她，但是当她反驳时他只是笑了笑。
va	O	钱就是钱，而且他从不拒绝，尤其是当那是他自己的钱被还给他时。
va	O	纳森犹豫了，但是安德森点了点头。
va	O	我以前从未做过这个，但是有一个搭档会很好，可以说，是“犯罪”搭档。
va	I	I really didn 't know , but I hoped I hadn 't done something to hurt my little sister .
va	I	He didn 't have to play them , but he was putting them on the field .
va	I	Jason resisted the urge to inhale , but his lungs burned .
va	O	他不确定自己是否准备好做出那种承诺，但是维罗妮卡是他无法想象没有她的生活的第一个女人。
va	O	她小心翼翼地驳斥了谣言，说她什么也没听到，而且他无法判断她是否在撒谎。
va	I	She thrived on the extra attention and Ellen 's arm had stopped hurting .
va	O	僵尸无处不在，而且它们变得越来越暴力。
va	I	He clobbered it back , knowing the emotion useless , but rage simmered .
va	I	I didn 't quite feel his amusement , but the thin skin beneath his eyes crinkled .
va	I	There was nothing left of the center and jagged pieces of glass hung awkwardly from the sides .
va	I	He grabbed my arm , but I stood up .
va	I	I don 't know what happened , but I have a good idea it had something to do with Mr. Caster .
va	O	有片刻的寂静，然后我听到急促而愤怒的低语。
va	O	靶心处的黑暗吸引着她，并且在她呼气时，她把匕首扔了出去。
va	O	丹尼尔催促着，将她拉回现实，并且她跟着他走向她的车，同时考虑着新的信息。
va	I	We both need to heal and our feelings are hurt .
va	O	亚当斯的表情近乎难以置信，但是他保持沉默，当福斯特继续时。
va	I	It breaks his dreaming heart , and his voice sounds so young .
va	I	It pissed her off to no end , and it was so implausible it was laughable .
va	I	Lizzi tried to cover up her smile by shoving in a large potato into her mouth and Wes rubbed his chin as Eli rolled his eyes .
va	I	I was too enraptured to realize I had even opened my mouth , but I heard my voice cry out his name .
va	I	That act of deception actually bothered him more , but granted , she 'd switched it to her right hand .
va	O	我也想知道这里发生了什么，但是我将不得不释放你。
va	O	电影明星的那种笑容，而且它能把女人的内裤融化。
va	I	I need to honor her , and she needs me more than you do .
va	I	Then you died , and you disappeared .
va	O	她盯着他看，而且她的面具渐渐地滑回原位。
va	O	她身上有种熟悉感，但是他想不起来她究竟是哪个家族的。
va	O	她惊讶地看着他，并且她的嘴巴震惊地张开了。
va	I	The crushed ice in her tea swished in the plastic cup , and Jenny turned to ask .
va	O	她的颤抖减轻了，并且她的表情平静了下来。
va	O	他们聊了半个小时，并且当劳拉放下听筒时，她比以往任何时候都感到更孤独。
va	O	他的眼睛变红了，并且他的犬齿明显变长了。
va	I	Her manner was far more relaxed , and her eyes hadn 't flared once after her feeding .
va	O	他的眼睛背叛了内心的痛苦，然而，并且我除了缓解他的痛苦之外别无所求。
va	I	She released my hand , but I waited for her to say more .
va	O	他正盯着我的嘴唇，并且我正在努力呼吸。
va	I	His cheek is scraped and there 's a path of blood dripping down his arm .
va	I	After the long afternoon at the widow 's house , words failed her , but Janet felt the need to say more .
va	O	她的双腿肌肉结实，并且她的臀部没有赘肉堆积。
va	O	她的连衣裙很漂亮，但是其他女人拥有的远不止礼服。
va	O	是的，他们的生活很危险，但是那并非他们拥有的一切。
va	I	It sounds like the flapping of wings , but it is too dark to see anything .
va	I	Their eyes met and Sakura glanced up at him .
va	O	她的嘴唇张开，并且她吸入了一大口气。
va	O	她的目光在我身上和伊丽莎白之间游移，并且她再次开口时声音低了一些。
va	I	She shuddered and he blew lightly into her ear .
va	I	He didn 't say hi , but Josh stood five feet away , staring at me .
va	O	有人试图瞄准亚当，但是我们不稳定的动作使其几乎不可能。
va	I	I nodded , and she said .
va	O	那是一个如此简单的问题，而且我真的很想正确回答。
va	O	她觉得她能察觉到那种带有特征的流畅步伐，但是距离太远无法确定。
va	O	冷汗湿透了她的全身，并且她紧紧抱住自己，因为疼痛在逐渐减弱。
va	I	You would have liked him , but you won 't believe me .
va	I	She pushed the issue aside and the call went to voice mail again .
va	I	What did that mean , but his lifeline was blank ?
va	I	He didn 't cry , but his eyes misted helplessly .
va	O	我一直试图远离他，但是我们却直接去了他想让我们去的地方，他知道我们会去的地方。
va	O	一个男人喊叫起来，并且他听到了拳脚相加的沉重闷响，皮肉碰撞的声音。
va	O	会有芬恩犯错的时候，并且她会厌倦去理解。
va	O	我的头向后仰去，并且我的嘴巴张开了。
va	I	I never did but after I was turned I was afraid I 'd change into this evil being .
va	O	巨大的白色柱子装饰着每个门廊，而且身着飘逸白裙的美丽女神壁画覆盖着每一面墙。
va	O	罗迪·卡西迪是个好人，但是他不适合你。
va	O	他想让她成为他的副手，而且无论那是什么，听起来都很严重。
va	I	I get my first view of the physical embodiment of that strained voice on the phone and the door opens quietly .
va	I	The wall pounded loudly once again and he breathed heavily .
va	I	The skirt of her gown is wide , nearly as wide as the aisle they 're walking down , and a frothy veil covers her face .
va	I	The Prius made a squealing sound , and Hanna hit the brakes hard .
va	O	她小心翼翼地取下他的太阳镜，并且果然他的眼睛是闭着的。
va	I	I could feel Amber 's gratitude , and Anne was particularly kind .
va	O	她看向我寻求确认，并且我再次点头，明智地保持沉默，让她消化思绪。
va	O	我听不见他们在说什么，但是他们显然在分别数月后重新联系。
va	O	斯莱轻松地跑开了，并且弗朗哥轻松地最后冲进来。
va	I	As he did , the rolled-up sleeves of his shirt brushed her hands , causing her body to jerk , and he unfolded his arms .
va	I	The vocal members of the audience gave her a thumbs-up , but Savannah 's voice sounded ridiculously loud to her own ears .
va	O	仿佛永恒之后，神谕者抓起一块骨片并将其扔向人群，整个过程眼睛都没睁开。
va	O	他的胸口不再灼烧，并且他的视线重新聚焦。
va	O	一辆对向行驶的汽车闪烁了远光灯，并且皮特嘀咕着咒骂一声，关掉了自己的远光灯。
va	I	She saw the barest outline of his weapon , and her eyes darted to his feet .
va	I	He didn 't stop me this time , and I popped the button of his jeans .
va	I	Within seconds they began to rise rapidly and the doors slid shut .
va	I	A sob escaped her and she held me close .
va	O	他将我的眼睑完全翻开，并且我第一次清楚地看到了他。
va	I	The pool gave everyone an excuse to strip down regardless of whether they had bathing suits , and the night air was heavy with humidity .
va	O	我们刚才还紧挨在一起，并且他的身体无疑是跃跃欲试的。
va	I	She almost gasped at the frightening devastation on his face , and his head lifted .
va	I	It 's coming , but it 's still distant .
va	O	对讲机响了起来，并且芬恩的声音充满了飞船。
va	O	她转向我，并且我努力不在那异样的目光下畏缩。
va	O	好奇心再次占据了他的上风，但是他仍然很谨慎。
va	O	伊桑因我的热情而在喉咙里低吼，并且他的手滑下来缠绕在我的头发里。
va	I	He was cute when he put his foot down , but Liam wasn 't the maddest I 'd seen him .
va	I	He was thankful to have it , and it was food .
va	O	我听说家是心之所在，但是对我来说，家是我那烦人的家人所在的地方。
va	I	That helped with the task of finding the matches for the other things and she was able to get a swatch .
va	I	He was sweating despite the cool air , and his breathing was labored .
va	O	她的目光从他身上闪开，并且她再次从他肩头环顾四周。
va	O	门开了，并且医生出现了。
va	I	At the same time , she wanted to lick the moisture from between his lips , and that worry for her twisted her heart around .
va	O	我呼出一口气，并且压力仍然存在。
va	I	Bloom just went back to eating his pizza but he stared at Bloom , waiting for him to say something .
va	I	We start going hungry , and a bad bit of weather puts us more than a day behind .
va	I	She swore his grip was strong enough to permanently mark the bars and his hands curved around the raised railing at the side of the bed .
va	O	他现在一想到她，身体就变得坚硬无比，但是他必须克制自己，因为他知道他不能拥有她。
va	I	His entire body was glistening and he was all sweaty .
va	I	The floor was carpeted in red , and cheerful orchestra music played at a muted volume over the speakers .
va	I	Without another thought , she leaned into his chest , and Reece contemplated for a moment .
va	O	他没有看到任何人靠近，并且顾客只说了一个字。
va	I	There was no way he was going to march past the two of them again but his study was always ripe for attention .
va	O	她想知道发生了什么事让他害怕自己的兄弟，但是她又太害怕听到答案。
va	O	她原本来自一座与她同名的城市，然而她却来到这里取走属于他们的东西。
va	O	他对我笑了笑，并且我发现自己的心情好了一些。
va	I	Its discoloration was unmistakable , but it had soaked into the earth by now .
va	O	我的身体在太阳的另一边，并且不管我怎么努力，我都无法触及它的温暖。
va	I	His eyebrows shot up and Jase 's jaw dropped .
va	O	一个勉强算是帅哥的男孩，但是他也是个硬汉。
va	O	妖精猎人如同他们本是狡猾的狼一般，悄然从他们视线中消失在树林里，并且维洛放下了她一直屏住的呼吸。
va	I	It is unclear how many are needed for the spell , and the magic users can be scattered at any given time .
va	O	最终，癫痫发作消退了，但是安吉拉从未恢复意识。
va	I	Lake 's not there but I glance inside the car .
va	O	门没有上锁，并且我走进了房间。
va	I	I was prepared to fight , and my hands closed into fists .
va	I	It was changing by the day , but the estate was her favourite place .
va	I	He ran with his hands over his ears , and he looked backward toward the docks more than forward , so he stumbled a lot .
va	I	Space was obviously not helping anything , but I knew I should have let him go .
va	O	我确实时不时地想提及它，但是我感到很尴尬。
va	O	布雷克不知道怎么告诉贾斯汀，并且他也不知道该如何看待朱厄尔所做的事情。
va	O	那会完全损害我的道德，并且那让我宁愿吊死马歇尔。
va	O	他跳动的阴茎挣脱了，并且她双手抓住它，带着强烈的渴望抚摸他，这几乎让他爆发。
va	O	他的眼睛闭着，并且他轻微地打着鼾。
va	O	他揉了揉眼睛只是一秒钟，但是当他再次看时，守护者已经不见了。
va	I	He kissed me softly , and his lips fell to my forehead .
va	I	Now they were gone , but he had seen Tar put them down .
va	O	她希望她挡风玻璃角落里那个表明她记者身份的贴纸能向某人发出信号，但是似乎没有人注意到。
va	I	He was too naïve to spy on her , but Paul was the one who was bringing the notes from the kidnappers .
va	I	This is horrifying , but I remember thinking the empty penthouse was spooky before .
va	I	It is incredible how well they have done , and the surgeons worked off photos to re-build my face .
va	O	海伦开始跟着，但是西蒙阻止了她。
va	O	天空晴朗，并且没有微风。
va	I	They all moved through the ruined metal and justus ignited his coil .
va	I	Each man prayed the fallout would yield a royally perfect result , and it was perhaps their most important performance to date .
va	O	它是一个怪物，并且它可以永远沉睡。
va	O	诀窍是找到她，并且她足够聪明，制造了许多死胡同。
va	O	教练对亨利的炫耀行为很生气，但是我不在乎。
va	O	他知道他没有时间去担心这件事，但是他感觉自己好像把变质的牛奶喝进了体内。
va	I	His annoyance escalated and he looked at Barton watching him closely .
va	I	She looked away and her lip trembled .
va	O	戴蒙的嘴唇擦过我的耳垂，并且又一阵颤栗沿着我的脊椎蔓延开来。
va	I	It was more likely the raging hard-on pressed into her , but it might have been the kiss .
va	I	I wasn 't certain what was happening , but I thought about ordering him to stop .
va	I	It gets done , but I don 't know when Mom finds the time to do all that she does .
va	I	You 'll feel much better and we 'll get some sleep .
va	O	它们是《红字》的副本，并且我已将它们设置为新发布的作品。
va	O	电视正在播放旧版《财富之轮》节目，并且卧室里的音响正在播放老摩城音乐。
va	O	吉米抱起她，直到她的嘴唇碰到了他的，并且她在他嘴唇上快速地吻了一下。
va	I	She nearly dropped the pot , but Jeanie tried to pour more .
va	I	It feels like I need her closer , but my lips collide with hers , pulling her nearer , our bodies aligned .
va	O	当我用临时绷带包扎他的手臂时他一言不发，但是当我绑好时我能感觉到他的目光在我身上。
va	I	At least it 's not the night shift , but I hate how late he works .
va	O	弗兰克的举止发生了明显变化，并且伊娃·罗伯茨催促伦顿放松一点。
va	O	我们骑得越高，它就越绿，并且随着空气变得稀薄我的肺部感到紧绷。
va	I	I heard papers rattling in the background and Cal paused .
va	O	她的全身都在颤抖，并且她再次将脸埋在手掌中。
va	I	She wasn 't ready to negotiate and her smile was gone .
va	O	他是我的丈夫，并且我是他的妻子。
va	O	那个看似矜持的女孩可能用眼神杀死了她的嫂子，但是她接受了那根线。
va	I	She held it at bay , but her instinct was to instantly mind link with her baby .
va	I	Jason assumed command of the helm and Captain Cook departed for some much-needed rest .
va	O	我搂住她，并且当我们走向房子时，她把头靠在我肩上。
va	O	我瘫倒在床上，并且他把我拉进怀里，紧紧地拥抱着我。
va	O	他曾直面持武器的敌人，然而一股深深的不安使他今天早上不愿面对她。
va	O	一个声音传来，但是那不是布雷特的。
va	O	我没有及时移动，并且我们的目光透过敞开的门缝交织在一起。
va	I	He shuddered and she circled his tip with her index finger .
va	O	它再次冲进她的鼻腔，并且凯特在一种清醒的感觉中咳嗽着。
va	O	夜的黑暗笼罩着我，并且在他离开之前我正在失去意识。
va	I	Now , she was carefully swiping on her iPad and Mrs. Robbins was nearly done cooking the spaghetti sauce .
va	I	It did not even budge a little but I tried to take the crystal ball out of its place .
va	O	桥上微弱的光线在她颧骨的平面上流转，并且她的眼睛发着光。
va	O	德文那时记起了她的眼睛，并且它们对着刺眼的灯光睁开了。
va	I	The emergency medical team swung into action and the cabin door opened .
va	I	This visit didn 't feel right and though they had a good relationship , he never completely trusted her .
va	I	She sniffed at him , and he wasn 't afraid .
va	O	当塞萨罗挥手让他离开时，他看起来很失望，但是他把马牵回马圈。
va	I	I 'm sure it will be quite fatal for me , but I don 't know what that will do to the Between .
va	O	我们碰了碰拳，并且巴克斯用手摸了摸他剃光的头。
va	O	这是非常不尊重的，并且即使我在这里不完全是负责人，我也不会被占便宜。
va	I	Perhaps he thought he was dreaming , and the action happened much faster than it takes to tell .
va	O	霍尔特那年是高年级学生，并且他的成绩开始大幅下降，这与他饮酒量的增加直接相关。
va	I	It surprised her She thought she 'd spent all her tears for that day long ago and Nora felt tears sting her eyes .
va	I	I had to shake it off so I could get into the truck and the perils of the dream came at me again .
va	O	她希望它永远痛苦下去，并且她希望他受苦。
va	O	我的手从门把上滑落，并且门关上了。
va	I	She will stay in our custody until we have everything we want and we kidnapped your little girl .
va	O	考古学家会发现一些东西，并且我们也会知道的。
va	I	Lina 's voice quieted them but the babies began to stir .
va	O	他们得到了杰基尔医生，并且我得到了海德先生。
va	I	Mac was already talking , but I opened my mouth to defend him .
va	I	Nothing happens , and I tap it .
va	I	I needed a head start , and I had to get out of here now .
va	I	He slowly pulled it out and I sucked it in gently .
va	I	It will happen , but I don 't know how it will happen .
va	I	He was gone , but Larry turned back towards Karson .
va	I	Work wasn 't one of them , but he was afraid of many things .
va	O	他慢慢地啜饮着，并且他靠在吊杆门旁的栅栏杆上。
va	O	我把它拉过头顶，并且他们向我展示如何调整肩带。
va	I	Butterflies took flight inside me , and I ask .
va	I	The fisherman took a long swig and Barry handed him a half pint .
va	I	It matched the growing buoyant mood in the ballroom , and satisfaction surged through Madeline 's voice .
va	I	His insides started to quiver , but Nick didn 't know why .
va	I	Found only the dim sparkle of plant life , but she focused , looking for the bright halo of Fire .
va	O	一声抽泣震颤着我的身体，并且我跌坐在地上。
va	O	这听起来像是某种避税手段，但是奈丁格尔再次没有经济能力拒绝。
va	O	乐队直接进入了第二个节目，并且所有人跑到了后台为接下来的几首歌换装。
va	O	缺失的心脏说明了很多，但是听到一个独特的人能经历那样的事情却让我对严重程度感到不确定。
va	O	他们开了过去，并且我跟着他们。
va	O	我放开了毯子，并且它掉到了地上。
va	I	He liked it , and it was the first time Brian was called ' sir ' in that manner .
va	O	这是他撒过的最大的谎言，但是他别无选择。
va	I	I had decided to be done doubting myself , but they were trying to play on my doubts .
va	O	过去的几个月糟透了，但是她没有亲身参与任何坏事。
va	I	I hadn 't even heard the full story yet and this was a lot for me to take in .
va	I	A large king-sized bed occupied the center of the room , and the other was the master .
va	O	我吸了一口气，但是这不足以驱散充满我胃里的冰冷恶心感。
va	O	她对他的严厉反驳感到震惊，但是他毫不在乎。
va	O	这可能是他一生中最糟糕的决定，但是他确实不知道自己还有什么选择。
va	I	Someone higher up the food chain ordered the hit , and these guys must have made a mistake .
va	I	She made gurgling sounds and her mouth was open .
va	I	After a few minutes Elena sat back down beside her , and she sat down on the mattress .
va	O	她拽着它，竭尽全力地往下扯，但是它没打开。
va	I	Then ... Maximilian 's face and Guillaume saw skull after skull .
va	O	第十二章 斯隆尝试睁开眼睛，但是疼痛太过剧烈。
va	O	戴蒙的笑容很得意，但是我内心充满了焦虑不安的能量。
va	I	Jo knew none of it was sinking in , but the woman was doing everything she was required to do .
va	O	她知道她离开后他会对我做什么，并且她还是离开了。
va	O	一辆车正等着接我们，并且当我们驶入南安普顿的时候，我完全被我看到的美丽豪宅震撼了。
va	I	The words stilled before emerging , but she told herself to tell him he 'd done that by holding her hand .
va	O	她寻找邓肯，但是他已经走开了。
va	O	他抬起手臂放回咖啡罐，并且我看到了他左侧的深蓝色瘀伤。
va	O	我真希望我能让你免受这一切，但是我的力量现在归他支配了。
va	O	他的目光很强烈，并且这让我的心跳漏了一拍。
va	I	Its branches were longer , but the tree was shorter than the ones around it .
va	O	她给阿里打了电话，并且他们互相祝了生日快乐，并承诺本周内交换礼物。
va	O	她的眼睛睁得很大，并且她正盯着他看。
va	O	约瑟芬皱眉看着弃牌堆，并且她再也控制不住自己了。
va	O	有时候，可能看起来我忘记了，但是那是评级的错误。
va	I	I looked up at her swiftly and I stopped eating at the word ' flirty ' .
va	O	外面气温在过去一小时内急剧下降，而且那栋老旧的建筑正在变成一个冷藏库。
va	O	卡里紧闭双眼，并且眼泪滚落她的脸颊。
va	O	它就像树下的一个洞穴，并且它是干燥的。
va	O	我疯狂地环顾房间，寻找亨利的任何迹象，但是他不在那里。
va	I	She ignored him as she sent a text , obviously annoyed , but he was trying to apologize .
va	O	它试图控制他的身体，但是它做不到。
va	O	一盏灯亮了，并且门慢慢地打开了。
va	O	11月4日，蕾妮把我绑在了一把椅子上，但是我的左臂是自由的，这样我就可以写字了。
va	I	There was nothing I could do to stop it and I recall thinking I was going to hit my head on the pavement .
va	I	Public interest had not waned , but following Arthur 's attack , the murders had suddenly stopped .
va	I	Callie follows me and I start down the path toward where the truck is parked .
va	I	I 'm grateful for his company , but I 'm covered in goose bumps .
va	I	The rhythm of the dance was lost to me in an instant , and I stumbled .
va	O	卡米尔的声音在升高时变得沙哑，并且肯尼迪怀疑她快哭了。
va	O	她惊恐的目光像晒伤一样灼烧着我，并且我差点转过身去。
va	O	一个床垫铺在地板上，并且一台老旧的电视机放在一个角落里。
va	O	夏洛特将目光从罗曼身上移开，看向她知道是车窗的地方，但是无论她看向哪个方向，都只有同样的黑暗在等着她。
va	I	We kept going down because there was nowhere else to go , but Vivian confirmed that the impressions were stronger on the upper levels .
va	I	Elijah snarled in response , and she took a step closer to them .
va	I	He accelerated away and this caused adrenalin to flow .
va	I	She realized that she was hungrier than she had thought , and the food looked fantastic .
va	I	Real terror bubbled up within me , and my heart dropped in my stomach .
va	O	他看起来就像我感觉的一样，并且我想要让我们俩都感觉好一些。
va	O	她举起双手，并且他停下了脚步。
va	I	I don 't care and I 'm not an idiot .
va	O	你派我去谈判和平条约，并且这导致了血海。
va	I	Somehow she 'd ended up in the driver 's seat , but he 'd planned on being in front .
va	O	玛格丽特从未想象到他在衣服之下如此美丽，但是他将许多东西藏在他放荡不羁的外表之下。
va	I	Derek 's hand clasped mine and we did as we were told .
va	O	汽车发动了，并且我们突然感受到了伯尼加速时的冲劲。
va	O	女孩的脚踝肿得很厉害，并且她几乎无法忍受将它放下。
va	O	各种可以想象的颜色的秋叶迎接了她，并且如果她坐得更直一些，她就能看到温室周围精心照料的花园。
va	I	She turned to grab the paper and the printer sounded from behind her .
va	O	我瞥了一眼我的肩膀，但是那里没有人。
va	I	Really to make sure her stylist was fine , but she 'd texted Gayle a few times , ostensibly about her hair .
va	I	I was in no hurry to get back to the real world , but under normal circumstances I 'd check it without fail .
va	O	他平时那么温柔，但是今晚他的触碰是狂野的。
va	O	她将永远在你身边，看着你和孩子们会有很大帮助。
va	O	我抬头看他，并且我们的目光相遇了。
va	O	她偷看他一眼，并且Staffan立刻发现了。
va	O	那个女人穿着一条裙子，但是她的身形上还刻有皮甲，以及一顶戴在她束发上的头盔。
va	O	他的好言好语并没有减轻我的恐惧，并且我确信这对Jules也没有帮助。
va	I	I hung out with her awhile and she called me into her room .
va	I	I don 't know , okay , but I know I really like her ?
va	O	Anna在给我讲她宠物的故事时笑了，并且我回以她热切的目光。
va	O	我是某个心理学政府实验的一部分，并且我将会在实验室里醒来。
va	O	偶尔的失误让他弹向了意想不到的方向，但是他有足够的能力来确信自己能到达另一边。
va	I	What I couldn 't see , she saw as if it were right in front of her , and Claire 's eyes were focused , however .
va	I	He frowned and Derek 's hands stilled .
va	I	The tone was clear , but his voice was muffled .
va	O	他们的命运在等待着他们，并且魔法眷顾着他们。
va	O	似乎只过了几分钟，并且我发现自己就在高中停车场外面。
va	O	只听到部分对话会留下太多的想象空间，并且杰米早就学会了在涉及马克的事情上不要妄下结论。
va	O	仅仅是米兰达的目光落在他身上，就让男孩的脸庞焕发光彩，他的眼睛也变成了美丽的蓝色。
va	O	是的，你看到了，并且没有错！
va	I	She had never met any of them before , but Meredith knew there were other families out there .
va	I	A little indoor stream gurgled its way along the far wall , and the walls depicted murals of beautiful mountain scenes .
va	O	它们像黄玉宝石一样闪耀，并且瞳孔则垂直拉伸。
va	O	饥渴缠绕着我，但是我与它抗争。
va	O	如果伊森被释放了，我本以为会接到电话，但是空气中的紧张气氛就足够了。
va	I	He simply nodded his head and she asked .
va	I	They appear to have that in abundance , as does Alfred , but Communication takes much patience .
va	I	His praise made her uncomfortable , and she 'd come up with her plan for primarily selfish reasons .
va	O	伯德已经给了我关于如何到达那里的详细说明，但是不知何故我们错过了一些他提到的地标。
va	I	She was definitely showing , but it wasn 't as big as she thought it was .
va	O	奥利弗曾经是一个连环杀手，但是他一直都很礼貌。
va	O	他的嘴慢慢张开，但是一句话也没说出来。
va	I	My heart just aches for her , and Callie says she 's so ashamed .
va	O	她希望自己能回敬他一句同样伤人的话，但是她只是坐在那里，试图掩饰她的痛苦。
va	O	他从未让自己凝实，但是我知道他在那里。
va	I	I don 't think it will bother me too much when my old man finally kicks it , but this probably sounds horrible .
va	O	我推了他一下，但是就像推一堵墙一样。
va	I	Avery was giving Trinity a knowing smile , but they shook their heads .
va	O	她穿着一件带有金色刺绣的白色长袍，并且看起来她下面是赤裸的。
va	I	Jess shivered with excitement , and his touch was gentle .
va	O	他猛地站了起来，并且我绷紧了身体，等待着。
va	I	I don 't know what else to do , and I was kicked out of my apartment .
va	O	一道绿光从她的眼角闪过，引起了她的注意，并且她看到德克兰正在使用他的防御魔法对抗猎人。
va	O	如果没人看着，他偶尔会在家里吃面包涂黄油，但是他从不在公共场合吃。
va	I	It 's hard to keep anything from them , and we share a powerful secret .
va	O	有一天他会成为一个伟大的父亲，但是丽莎却不会成为一个母亲。
va	I	It was too late , but he quickly corrected himself .
va	O	他走出门口，并且我终于感受到了空气。
va	O	这孩子是个明星，并且我们没有他。
va	O	她更喜欢“女伯爵”这个称谓，但是休从未放纵过她。
va	O	他们三个人走进诊疗室，并且他们都按惯常的姿势坐了下来。
va	O	我们身处不同的州，但是那并不重要。
va	O	可能是凌晨两点多了，但是拉斯维加斯仍然热闹非凡。
va	O	那是他性格的一部分，并且他对此心知肚明。
va	O	她确实做了，但是克莱尔仍然感到心碎。
va	O	在她眼前，他的躯干变长了，毛发长了出来，并且他天使般的面庞变成了一只狼的。
va	O	许多女孩都注意到了他，但是他却只钟情于一个难以捉摸的女孩。
va	O	我们要么把战火引向他们，或者我们让他们把战火引向我们。
va	I	She jumped and he barked .
va	I	Her insides felt all twisted up and her head was throbbing .
va	I	My breathing was ragged , and my heartbeat was thundering in my chest .
va	O	希望你别介意，但是阿特给我打了个电话。
va	I	Lavender was directly opposite , and she was sitting on the long side of a rectangular metal framed table with a wood effect laminated chipboard top .
va	I	No one would wonder what had happened to him , and he could skip school for days , weeks even .
va	O	我看了看我的父母在爆炸时都在工作的酒吧，但是他们已经不在了。
va	I	Then we 'll go inside , and Let 's put Squire in the stable .
va	O	淋浴非常舒服，并且曼迪彻底享受了它。
va	O	我需要时间来协调这项工作，否则他会知道的。
va	O	我在过去两个月里订婚了两次，并且我从未举行过婚礼。
va	I	Simon gives me a look that tells me to cut it out and I smirk .
va	I	My breath caught as he spoke and Luke 's voice changed .
va	O	你叫我懦夫，但是这才是极致的懦弱。
va	I	You won 't like me when I catch you , and try to run .
va	O	这本可能是一个拥抱的好时机，但是我太脏乱了，甚至无法靠近她。
va	I	She wove such a spell of enchantment around men without even realizing it , and she was such a compassionate little thing .
va	O	她感觉自己快要冻死了，但是至少她会幸福地死去，身边有乔什亲密地依偎着。
va	I	Not one of them looked happy to be there , and there couldn 't have been more than a hundred people .
va	O	他不适合末日，但是他尽力了。
va	I	The hands did not let him go until he was steady , but he wavered .
va	O	我不是说你需要嫁给他，但是你肯定需要和他睡觉。
va	O	我们的侦察兵不敢靠得太近，但是他们说这座城市就像一个墓地。
va	O	我知道这对于他们来说一定很难，然而我却从他们的存在中得到慰藉。
va	O	你的行为已被多人注意到，并且我收到了投诉。
va	O	铃响了，并且下课了。
va	O	她不属于这里，然而她却像一盏明灯一样照亮了这片空间。
va	O	没有像在被允许的狩猎中那样稳定的肾上腺素涌动，但是它会在之后到来。
va	I	For just a second , she seemed to relax , and Bindi 's shoulders dropped .
va	O	男孩们互相咧嘴笑了笑，但是我们中没有人看到接下来会发生什么。
va	I	He wasn 't real small either , but he wasn 't a huge guy .
va	O	艾登开始绕过我，并且真正的恐惧夺走了我的呼吸。
va	O	元素今晚很充裕，而且奥隆利用了它。
va	O	一阵剧痛袭向他的腹股沟，并且他坐在了床边。
va	I	They fight dirty , and they fight often .
va	I	A section of the ceiling collapsed in the place where she had been sitting moments ago and there was a crash .
va	I	I wasn 't sure he was breathing , either , and he watched Persephone with wide , unblinking eyes .
va	I	It is normal beauty , beauty you forget as soon as the star peeks over the horizon , but it is very beautiful .
va	I	His body sprang to life at the effect his touch had on her and her lips parted .
va	O	尽管我当时很恨他，但他需要我，而且我想抱住他。
va	O	景象宁静祥和，而且客栈一尘不染。
va	I	She took her own life , and I actually spent many years taking care of her until I was about seventeen .
va	O	她当时只有6岁，而且不得不经历那一切太可怕了。
va	I	They disappear and I place both of our bags into the waste bin .
va	I	Nathan wins the contest and I take it easy .
va	O	我很想说“不是真的”，但是相反，我点了点头。
va	O	亚历山德拉退缩了，而且乔纳森不得不移开视线。
va	I	I needed to tell them about that woman , and the girls are usually online at this time .
va	I	She wanted to wipe off his smug grin and he smiled in triumph .
va	I	If he ever owed a debt for having loved me , he has surely paid it , and Julian is bleeding from a dozen different cuts .
va	O	我们会对他尝试那个，但是这可能需要几天。
va	O	这确实是一首非常老套的歌，但是我想它为当晚营造了气氛。
va	I	I could hear their footsteps across my bare wooden floor , and the light flicked on .
va	I	The carousel began to turn , and the music started up .
va	O	April可能因为喜欢明亮闪闪发光的东西而显得很傻，但是她帮我度过了我哥哥去世后的余波。
va	I	She began to panic , and the sun was going down .
va	I	It wasn 't good , but nobody knew what to expect .
va	I	I just lay there , but I should say something .
va	I	The woman calls my bluff , and we reach the end of the hallway .
va	O	我试图再次猛地挣脱，但是她用双手抓住了我。
va	I	Mundane law must be observed as well , but our own Law is foremost in importance .
va	O	Kylie试图放松，但是她肩膀上的紧张感依然紧绷着。
va	O	我不知道她是怎么做到的，但是她总能把一切处理得井井有条。
va	O	那听起来可疑地像是他在体贴，并且她从未料到他会这样。
va	I	He keeps his eyes focused on the table , but he has relaxed a little .
va	O	她爱上了这个男人，并且那是她不能允许的事情。
va	O	Daniel对她做了同样的事情，并且他们相互触碰。
va	O	它看起来足够无害，但是外表常常具有欺骗性。
va	I	There was a feeling of hollowness inside , and the doors at both ends of the hangar were wide open .
va	O	他们激烈的低语吸引了米奇的注意，并且他向康奈利挥手致意，然后指了指自己，看他是否应该加入他们。
va	I	You have to love me and I have to love you .
va	O	里科看到现在有更多的船只在燃烧，可能有十来艘，并且消防员正试图把它们推离其他船只。
va	O	米娜试图把薇拉拉到她身边，但是另一个女人却不肯动弹。
va	O	我已在失控的边缘，但是我不会伤害你。
va	I	I no longer detect the fur but his hands are warm .
va	I	I found joy in that little groan , and Nate groaned at the thought .
va	O	天空倾泻下水柱般的雨水，并且雨变成了一场该死的倾盆大雨。
va	I	She let him , relaxing as the sun melted her limbs and he pulled her into his lap .
va	I	A pile of bronze markers on the other side his desk , and there was a pile of marble grave markers on one side of his desk .
va	O	我进去的时候他没有抬头，并且我从门口默默地看了一会儿他。
va	O	她顺从了我的吻，并且我体验了几秒钟的天堂。
va	O	他青春期早期曾喜欢他们的陪伴，但是很明显他总会与他们之间总有一步之遥。
va	I	No , you had to drag me out here with you but I was just going to go to bed in my quarters .
va	I	Tessa could not hear it , but he shouted something at Jessamine .
va	O	吉妮的眼睛湿润了，并且她的脸红了。
va	I	They continued walking through the streets , and he took her arm .
va	O	我不想这样，但是我以前从未经历过。
va	I	Nicola wasn 't with her , but her sister could be dying right this second .
va	I	He 'd simply wrung every last drop from her , but she really was a fiery , spirited little thing .
va	O	诺艾尔的眼睛睁大了，但是根本没有可见的光线。
va	O	我慌了，并且我感到很尴尬。
va	I	The skin on her arms prickles with goosebumps and she trembles slightly .
va	O	它的身体似乎在其黑袍下扭动着，并且可怕的、模糊不清的噪音从其兜帽下传出。
va	I	This time he had heard nothing , but she always checked in from the docking bay .
va	I	With no way of releasing it , I suffered through the heart-wrenching pain , but panic bubbled inside of me .
va	O	我试着笑，但是我的胃里感到一阵颤栗。
va	I	His expression shattered , and I pulled away .
va	I	It was still his choice to make , but Modesty might not mean anything to him .
va	O	他把灌木丛压倒了，并且它吸收了主要的冲击力。
va	O	这可能需要五十年，但是我们最终会到达那里。
va	O	我们所剩的时间不多了，而且我感到很恼火。
va	I	I was never confused for anything like that and it was the most complicated thing in the world .
va	I	You know you ain 't had to pay a dime for it and he 's been makin ' the NIL for a long while now .
va	O	他的作品是垃圾，而且任何有抱负的年轻摄影师都应该避开他。
va	O	她绝望地在里面寻找，但是她什么也没找到。
va	O	我把目光重新投向他，并且他正站在吧台对面。
va	O	我看着他，并且他移开了视线。
va	I	Elijah was never wrong , and Elijah had claimed Aden was now lost to the beast .
va	I	He seemed to will it away with a deep breath , but Anger flashed across his face .
va	O	玛西娅看着莎莉，仿佛在说，而且他会问的人就是你。
va	I	They tumbled out and the tunnel suddenly opened up to a bigger one .
va	I	She was trembling , too afraid to come out so I went to her instead , but I called to her .
va	I	Brent grinned uneasily and I did so .
va	O	我停顿了一下，思忖着那一点，而且弗拉德把我拉向他。
va	I	I would know her no matter how many doubles of her roamed this world , and this is my grandchild .
va	I	For a moment , he thought maybe the wind had heard him , and the wind carried Esme 's floral scent to him .
va	I	Then again , he never really did have much trouble with his schoolwork , but they all seemed too easy .
va	O	安杰洛·安德雷蒂远不如弗莱彻英俊，弗莱彻无疑会觉得他配不上塔米，但是她不在乎那个。
va	I	Aaron was waiting politely for introductions , and Colby was regarding Aaron with a cold expression .
va	O	他能感觉到它正在成形，但是有些事情仍然太模糊了。
va	I	She began sobbing and her voice broke .
va	O	她显然在调情，并且马库斯的笑容表明他很享受。
va	O	他放松了下来，并且他的声音里有一种我所不喜欢的终结感。
va	I	We stopped and 500 yards out I raised my hand .
va	I	Perry sent Kylie another look of empathy , and Della grunted .
va	O	我转向她，并且我开始快速说话。
va	I	She never spoke a truer word and Edith had looked upon it as grounding for independence .
va	I	I start to pace and nervous energy floods my body .
va	I	He wouldn 't release her , but Savannah tried to pull away .
va	O	他起身，牵起她的手，并且这又是一场重复的戏码。
va	O	我仍然因为驯兽师给我打的那一针而颤抖，但是我忍不住想知道医生是否正确。
va	O	她的头因为他将她猛撞在桌子上而剧痛，但是流遍她全身的肾上腺素帮助她清醒了头脑。
va	I	You are my henchmen and I 'm the evil overlord .
va	O	塞拉的车队将她送上舞台，并且她很快就被拉进了达米恩的怀抱。
va	I	She lifted her head off my body and eventually I shifted my stance .
va	I	The princess felt comforted , and Juliet stood behind Taya just now .
va	O	艾什在抱怨，并且他知道这一点。
va	I	I didn 't see him but I hesitantly peeked my eyes up .
va	I	They might show up any day , but neither was there .
va	I	The sky was lifting him up and it felt like he was inflating .
va	I	Yet , I can 't seem to get past it and I know that .
va	O	过去的几个月是她不想重温的，但是她在某种意义上已经接受了生活。
va	O	其他人倒吸一口凉气，而且那个男人脸色发白，艰难地吞咽着。
va	O	晚饭结束后，加百列疲惫地变回人形，并且他们将自己锁在帐篷里。
va	I	This was Scanlon 's call to make on what could be shared about their test project , but his chair got all the more uncomfortable .
va	O	她环顾四周，并且她终于明白了。
va	I	He didn 't dare try to stand up and he could hardly breathe .
va	I	Maybe that made it worse , but they were strangers to her .
va	I	It was too dark to see but Corsair assured them they were there .
va	O	微风轻拂着我们，但是我从杰克逊紧靠着我的身体感受到了温暖。
va	I	Hamilton helped zip it up part way and she scooted back into her sleeping bag .
va	O	我正在冒险，但是我别无选择。
va	O	我倒抽了一口气，痛苦地吸着气，并且我笑了。
va	I	It 's almost contagious , and she 's grinning , too .
va	I	A door opened several elevators down and just as she was about to press the up arrow the bell went off .
va	I	He drew in a deep breath and his gaze shifted to Samuel .
va	I	The last historic graveyard Kelly had been in had almost killed him , but he was pretty hungover .
va	O	我尖叫着醒来，而且我受不了烹饪肉类的味道。
va	I	Howard got his ears burnt , but both vehicles sustained minimal damage .
va	O	我从来都不怎么优雅，而且让我穿着舞会礼服骑在一匹大马上，简直就是等着尴尬事故发生。
va	O	她的心此刻狂跳，而且阵阵刺痛感遍布她的皮肤。
va	O	我来是为了警告你关于你堂兄的事，但是你显然不在乎。
va	O	我不知道自己要去哪里，但是我总得去个地方。
va	I	She too had figured out Captain Craig 's plan and Jeff was hopeful that Jenny was safely ashore .
va	O	鲁迪显得很怀疑，而且当他提到手铐时，他也感到了一丝畏缩。
va	I	That , for me , is enough and my memory has returned .
va	I	She shivered at the first feel of his hard body against her soft contours and he lowered his body over hers .
va	I	She 'd squandered , and Everything she 'd once made him lavish on her ?
va	I	He knows it , and that 's what they are .
va	I	Rafe would be looking for me , and sundown , I thought .
va	I	I do care for you , but I know I 'm not the most dependable of men .
va	I	Something had to be said , but I had no idea what I would say to Jonathan .
va	I	I 'm out with my good friends , and I have my woman here with me .
va	I	James relaxed and he chuckled .
va	O	卢克极度渴望走向她，但是他不能，因为那可能是一个Hold，尽管卢克对此表示怀疑。
va	O	她问，看似随意，但是我可以看出她很好奇。
va	O	我试图走近她，维多利亚也是，但是第二个男人举起了枪。
va	O	房间里一片嘈杂，并且没有人能让他们安静下来。
va	I	She wouldn 't listen , but * I tried , Yas .
va	I	I 'm sure we will have time to fill in any gaps , but the letter appears to be somewhat vague about you , as well .
va	I	Little Miss was running the show , but Andrew might be paying the bills .
va	I	He was breathing hard , gasping for breath , and his heart was pounding .
va	O	埃米莉亚仍然意识到他们三人之间还有话要说，但是显然这些未解决的问题不得不等待。
va	O	它的嘴巴正好在橙色脸庞的中心下方，并且它似乎在微笑。
va	I	The light was seeping out all over the room , but the Stone was in a darkly tinted glass container .
va	I	When I did , my voice came out as a croak , and it took me a moment to regain the ability to speak .
va	O	她抓住了我的手，并且我几乎无法呼吸。
va	I	Alix could feel the intensity of his emotion but his voice was impassive .
va	I	She was afraid her response was more of a growl than a polite reply , but she tried to smile at the stewardess who greeted her .
va	I	He looked at me and I took his hand .
va	O	它让我微笑，但是我也有点生气他把我丢在车里。
va	I	It made him laugh harder and I slapped his shoulder .
va	I	There wasn 't much I could do , but I felt horrible for leaving them behind .
va	I	Liz quickly recovered blinking away tears and she grinned .
va	I	He burst out of the unwound fabric in hissing indignation , and Laurence had to unhook it to disentangle him .
va	I	He harshly pulled my head still as his own thrusts took over for my bobbing head and his hands wrapped tightly in my hair .
va	I	Now she drew herself up with some dignity , and she 'd caught her breath .
va	I	Somehow that was worse , and she never growled .
va	O	我有些事情要处理，并且达什会带你去你的房间。
va	I	The heavy drone of the engines lulled both to sleep , and Emerson rested her head on Dean 's arm somewhere over Colorado .
va	O	他提出了许多问题的替代方案，其中有几个是诱人的折衷方案，但是我在他所有的提议中都发现了陷阱。
va	I	The folks bought it up , and seemed like a good deal .
va	I	I was ready for it , but I had no idea what the weekend would hold in store for us .
va	I	Sylvia was just running down the stairs and I walked in the house .
va	I	Dope left her head filled with a dull cloudiness that drove her nuts , but drinking too much wine gave her a headache .
va	O	好几天来，没有人知道到底发生了什么，但是很快就清楚了。
va	I	He knew insulting Asians wasn 't a good idea , but he was new to the whole foreign negotiating thing himself .
va	I	I could see that his sharp fangs were out , and he parted his lips .
va	O	这似乎是件微不足道的祈祷之事，但是史黛西从未如此强烈地渴望过任何东西。
va	I	As soon as he sees that my white singlet top is saturated , a sexy smirk grows on his face , but he apologizes .
va	O	他们可能不相信我，而且那是一种新的痛苦。
va	I	I cannot blame him , and Damen will never listen to me .
va	O	他们需要我，而且他们知道这一点。
va	I	She realized she probably did have some cuts and the frigid water burned her scalp .
va	I	Her girlfriends were important to her as well , but she hated that she felt that way .
va	I	Some of it 's too low and some of it 's too high .
va	I	It 's all right , but I 'm too busy to go home much right now .
va	I	This is definitely it , but they did look at me in a funny way , sir .
va	O	电话响了，并且他以为可能是格蕾塔打电话来讨论餐厅菜单的选择。
va	I	Jenny pre-empted him with a smile , but Timmy opened his mouth as if was about to refuse .
va	O	我身体在场，但是我的思绪却飘向了别处。
va	I	She pulled him through , and the shimmery film appeared when she stretched out her hand .
va	O	丹尼斯来了，并且我跳了上去。
va	I	I shivered as we grew closer and a drastic chill emanated from them .
va	I	The floor creaked and his feet stepped back automatically .
va	O	道路空荡荡的，并且我们早已离开了主干道，当路开始变窄的时候。
va	I	You take the rest of the time off and I 'll pay you the twelve hundred dollars .
va	O	我会继续我的生活，并且你也可以一样。
va	I	In this case I expect to be harassed , but normally , our patrols go unmolested .
va	I	Her vision was filled with the sweet face of her daughter and her eyes flew open .
va	O	一阵剧烈的颤抖传遍她的全身，并且那些快要落下的泪水慢慢滑落她的脸颊。
va	I	All three heads snapped around to face him again , and he asked .
va	I	She could do whatever the hell she wanted with the money , and he 'd already drawn up an addendum that created a trust for her .
va	O	这个男人可能是一个骗子，但是他在美发方面是个大师。
va	I	It isn 't true but people have even said that I have no neck .
va	O	我把它们留在了我的房间里，但是我近期不打算穿它们。
va	I	That scared her more than anything , and she felt happy .
va	I	You can talk about it , but I know you didn 't want to say in front of everyone .
va	I	The dog made no objection to his approach , but the Doberman 's black eyes followed him closely .
va	I	I have already decided I need more dedication to my physical condition but I 'm going to be on this recovery programme for a while .
va	I	Before too long they were taking their initial bows , and the musicians got themselves ready .
va	O	她平时不怎么喝酒，但是如果有什么时候她需要鼓起勇气，那就是现在了。
va	O	我们不会死在这个狭窄的房间里，绝望、饥饿着，而且只有天知道我们距离地表有多深。
va	I	I stepped back in shock , and the door flew open .
va	O	我不特别，并且这就是我所得到的命运。
va	I	I slip out and he tugs gently .
va	O	他努力不朝马多克斯窃笑，但是他失败了。
va	I	He 'd humor the lady a bit longer but that door was going to open any second .
va	I	He graced her with another cheerful smile and the waitress arrived with Max 's coffee .
va	I	Evan answered , and I called .
va	O	我的头靠在他的颈窝里，并且他用手指卷弄我的头发。
va	O	那是一片混乱，并且任何想逃跑的人现在都可以自由行动了。
va	O	我呼出一口气，但是它颤抖了。
va	I	I couldn 't make out why from so far away , but one of the jumps looked different .
va	O	毕竟，亨丽埃塔很晚才知道舞会的事，并且根据玛西娅的说法，那些特殊门票已经卖得飞快。
va	O	贾格尔制作了麦田怪圈，并且露娜想让我知道。
va	O	一个年轻人看着镜子，并且另一个则向外看。
va	O	她应该到此为止，但是想知道自己在所有人（甚至斯托姆）面前的地位的念头，一直在啃噬着她。
va	O	我听过很多次了，但是 我从来没有听过它的定义。
va	O	他念诵着那些已成为安全代名词的词语，并且 我们出发了。
va	I	Her eyes were still the same , but plastic surgery had changed her appearance .
va	I	Kai informed her that most met was imported from the human world , and they ate hotdogs from a roadside stand .
va	I	Then I felt it , and I started toward her .
va	I	I use both of them and my baths all have two sinks .
va	O	她咬了他的指尖，并且 他猛地缩回手，松开了他的大拇指。
va	O	云朵再次出现，并且 他睡着了。
va	I	Luke just laughed , but she rolled her eyes at us .
va	O	我本来会在那个淋浴间里待上几个小时，但是 我不想他再盯着我看了。
va	I	I 'd found it delicious , and we 'd eaten there once .
va	O	他看了我一眼，好像想说更多，但是 接着他转换了话题，靠回椅子里放松下来。
va	I	Hal certainly didn 't love her , and Barry had never inspired such a depth of feeling even when he had been at his most loving .
va	I	I set my hand over hers , and reluctantly she offered me her palm .
va	O	他袭击了机械师，并且 他袭击了莫里斯。
va	I	We could 've been together and all these fucking years apart .
va	I	Then his expression lightened , and his bushy eyebrows furrowed .
va	O	他恭敬地点了点头，并且 吉米回以同样的姿势。
va	I	Things could be worse , but it wasn 't much .
va	I	I wouldn 't have felt safe , but I could have put it away .
va	O	他们走近了，并且维多利亚抬头看到一座华丽的尖塔，它耸立在他们上方的一座小山上。
va	O	然后又是一声嘶嘶声，并且一扇侧门滑开了。
va	I	Mason had secrets she hadn 't even begun to tap , but he might have side-stepped all suspicion as the serial killer .
va	I	She had a lot of other grievances against him , and the man had taken her against her will .
va	O	车头灯几乎无法穿透雨幕，只能照亮前方几英尺的范围，并且男人们理所当然地感到紧张。
va	O	风之岛上的有限贸易得以恢复，但是外国商人仍然不被允许进入里瓦城。
va	O	到那时他还没有再次联系，并且当我拨打他的手机时，我听到了无法接通的声音。
va	I	Eleanor warmed with the power of it , and Hart grew even harder under her touch .
va	I	As far as she was concerned it was far superior , but her own home was half the size .
va	O	我的背很痛，并且我全身都扭曲了。
va	I	The girl knew what she was doing , but she might be a little graphic .
va	O	布莱恩已经离开我的生活了，并且我已经申请了限制令。
va	O	天气很晴朗，并且空气中弥漫着割草的味道。
va	O	有过好日子，并且有过坏日子。
va	O	有某种东西在那里，铁之女王，黑暗之物，并且它有能力让你儿子离弃你。
va	I	This opportunity won 't come again , and you 're twenty eight years old .
va	I	Mary Evans suddenly appeared , standing just in front of Romy , almost like she was superimposed over her , and blue light pulsed all around her .
va	O	被解除武装的年轻人回以冷笑，并且女孩因恐惧而颤抖。
va	O	那是一座木屋，并且闻起来有怡人的木头香味。
va	I	I heard the edge of bitterness , but he kept his tone light .
va	O	自从我们来到这里，她的脸颊就凹陷了，并且她的眼睛下方有像半美元硬币那么大的黑眼圈。
va	O	我的身体颤抖，并且我的牙齿打颤。
va	I	The old man 's ears perked up and there was a rustling in the trees .
va	O	山顶上传来不祥的吱呀声和摩擦声，随着减弱的墙壁开始摇晃。
va	O	我不知道位置，但是我知道那一定是他们关押凯特的地方。
va	O	汹涌水流的力量她一点也不喜欢，并且她一边尽力转身一边退缩。
va	O	这毕竟是个梦，但是一切都惊人地细致。
va	I	It was entirely his fault , and she was going to die .
va	O	她已经快要崩溃了，而且我甚至都还没开始呢。
va	O	比利·摩尔是个疯狂的杀人狂，并且他打了罗伯特一巴掌。
va	O	我远远落后了，而且她在我之前就抵达了庄园。
va	I	We continued to fight and I attacked them again .
va	I	She could feel his engorged arousal pressed against her hip and he was pressed to her side .
va	O	她发出一声呻吟，并且她的眼睛颤动着睁开。
va	I	The doctors finally decided to let Brendan go home and it was the late hours of the afternoon .
va	O	她不止一次察觉到过，但是她从未担心他会伤害她。
va	I	I don 't take it , but she offers me the floppy .
va	O	全国只有两个，而且它们都位于西海岸。
va	O	敌意从他身上散发出来，并且他向前迈出了对抗性的一步。
va	O	我可能在与男士交往方面是个新手，但是这一点我很清楚。
va	O	也许是我的想象，但是我发誓我能看到他湿润嘴唇时，舌头上金属栓的闪光。
va	O	我的眉毛放松了，并且我轻轻地呼出了一口气，努力不让自己看起来太过松了一口气。
va	O	我不明白大家身上发生了什么，但是我们必须保护他们。
va	O	我知道我现在想做什么，但是我强迫自己控制住想要深入她体内的冲动。
va	I	Demeter flinched , and I demanded .
va	I	Sarah sighed and the call ended .
va	O	我踢了一下奥斯汀的鞋子，并且他对我翻了个白眼。
va	I	The doctor emerges and the door opens .
va	I	I focused completely on eating and we both lapsed into silence .
va	O	我打开了门，并且一股陈腐、刺鼻的气味向我扑来，刺激着我的喉咙深处。
va	O	我不太清楚现在发生了什么，但是我可以告诉你，不会有婚礼了。
va	O	以利亚尖叫了，并且我的胸口很疼。
va	I	He was totally free , and I was restrained now .
va	I	She felt it and he was lying .
te	O	话语似乎不够，但是她强行说了出来，字字真心。
te	O	人类做这种事会弄瞎自己，然而我却直盯着它。
te	O	他像练习前那样触碰我的脸颊，并且他的笑容里带着一种令我心痛的渴望。
te	O	他的搜寻漫无方向，从未费心学习查理关于追踪的教训，但是他仍然坚持不懈。
te	I	Together they had a group hug and Ella came over .
te	O	一棵树干立在水中，并且他正撞上了它。
te	O	他需要精通《全新凯迪拉克》，并且他需要为试镜选择一套服装。
te	O	丹尼斯看到埃尔斯佩思拒绝了他的帮助时松了口气，并且当她独自站起来时，他又有点嫉妒。
te	I	She 's rich and she 's beautiful .
te	I	The place was full of people with head wounds but we thought we might have to make up some story .
te	O	这有点不寻常，但是事情进展得很顺利。
te	I	She looked up to find him standing in her doorway and it was as if the air started sparking with electricity .
te	O	她说，并且她踢了他。
te	O	凛冽的寒风吹过他们，但是他的毛衣提供了绰绰有余的保护，再加上离她这么近带来的额外温暖。
te	O	瑞德刚开始唱歌词，我就严厉地看了他一眼，但是他摇了摇头否认。
te	O	我对她咧嘴一笑，并且我的目光移开了。
te	I	He followed her , but he issued the orders , called in the backup .
te	I	She replied with a cheeky wink and I gave my thanks to Becky .
te	I	You 're paying the price in failed missions , and you 're running operations with too little funding .
te	I	The World 's Greatest Wrestler , Direct from Egypt , landed on his back with a thud , and then the other leg collapsed .
te	I	Nothing else happened , but Nate was braced for something more .
te	I	This was certainly not the right time to share , and I hadn 't yet told Ashland that William had been my sort-of boyfriend .
te	O	我走进房子，并且爱莉安娜领我走向她的房间。
te	I	His fingers rubbed against his temple and his hand lifted .
te	O	她的手放在杰克逊的肩膀上，并且他喜欢她手指的感觉，即使隔着他的棕褐色T恤。
te	I	He answered it with little hesitation and my number was one he did not recognise .
te	O	世界旋转着，并且我疯狂地挥舞手臂，勉强抓住了窗户里面。
te	I	I respected that , and she seemed real .
te	I	I knew , and she smiled at me , as if she trusted me more than anyone else in the world .
te	I	Your presence was felt and you were away from my protection .
te	I	Pouncing on the man and breaking the door in .
te	O	政府在此关头不会从改变中受益，但是我累了。
te	O	没有时间，并且没有地方可逃。
te	O	在驾车途中我描述了早上的事件，但是伊莉丝似乎并没有那么担心。
te	I	It took only a minute for me to fall asleep , and I was extremely exhausted .
te	I	I get in the hall to find him already at the door and he doesn 't answer .
te	O	她片刻后消失了，并且他只抓着空气。
te	I	Your lips are tinted blue , and there are circles under your eyes .
te	O	他愚蠢地认为他会把她从地狱中解救出来，并且她会张开双臂迎接他。
te	I	The odors arising from the dump nauseated him , and Elliot 's head ached .
te	O	这是一种频繁发生的情况（疯钢琴上的每个琴键都被更换过多次），但是人群仍然狂热。
te	O	前几天我正在看你，而且你相当不错。
te	I	Dennis hurriedly answered , and the display showed that it was Luke calling .
te	I	It 's almost impossible , but I try my hardest not to alter my expression .
te	O	实际上，那手帕其实是一条内裤，并且埃迪对此不知所措。
te	O	斯凯翻了个白眼，但是贾克斯似乎没有注意到。
te	O	她实际上没有使用“空气引号”，但是我能从她的声音中听出来。
te	O	他伸出手，并且朱莉谨慎地接住了。
te	O	我不确定我是否同意这一点，但是她提出了一个令人信服的论点。
te	I	It is a chicken , but I beg your pardon .
te	O	对她这个年龄的女人来说这不容易，并且确保一切顺利是他的职责。
te	I	Getting them to see her point felt crucial , but Kylie almost feared disagreeing with Burnett when he was in this kind of mood .
te	O	我已经检查了她所有的珠宝，并且奶奶已经拿走了她所有的重要文件。
te	O	我希望这次一切顺利，并且卡罗尔能足月妊娠。
te	O	这绝不是她设想的拓宽视野的方式，但是她别无选择。
te	O	巨大的房间里挤满了人，而且她立刻发现了坐在沙发上的迪亚。
te	I	He seems thrilled that I did , but I don 't even know why I say his name aloud .
te	I	Tessa felt constrained not to break his concentration and he said nothing to her .
te	O	一看到他，我的灵魂就碎了，并且我能感觉到同样的感觉正在这具身体里散发开来。
te	I	This time his eyes flashed indignation and his brows fell again .
te	O	有一阵子我曾抱有希望，但是现在已经一年多了。
te	I	He stopped short of telling Sam that how Mike treated his woman was none of his damned business , and he supposed some things would never change .
te	O	他的歌曲在广播里随处播放，并且凯特一打开该死的收音机就总能听到他的一首榜首歌曲。
te	I	My Bill was suffering that now , and I knew that silver caused unremitting agony to a vampire .
te	O	类似的事情从未发生过，并且就目前而言，这可能是最好的。
te	I	It had only been a couple of hours since she had completely regained control of herself , and if she did , she would start crying again .
te	O	他从那次骑行中获得的兴奋感已经消退，并且我知道一旦兴奋感完全消失，他就变得难以相处。
te	O	他屏住呼吸片刻，并且然后慢慢地呼出空气。
te	O	他知道那个女人是谁，并且带着这份认知，一种末日降临的感觉笼罩了他。
te	O	我让爱德华尽快告诉我他所知道的，并且他照做了。
te	I	Utter silence descended , and they stilled .
te	O	凯恩朝我瞥了一眼，并且我知道我的眼睛肯定已经变得漆黑一片了。
te	O	她们三个骨子里都是女巫，而且我们这类人不可能杀死自己的家人。
te	I	There was no way Georgie was letting Heather near the phone , but Georgie 's mom , miraculously , hadn 't spoiled anything with Neal .
te	O	他不想表现得好像他过去的生命都不存在，并且他也不想把任何人当成僵尸对待。
te	I	That 's about all , no specifics and I can do some background checking .
te	I	He 's going about it in the wrong way , but I know where he 's coming from .
te	O	我内心深处知道麦肯齐永远是他的小女儿，并且我希望有朝一日我能拥有一个自己的女儿也能那样。
te	O	她对他咧嘴一笑，随着脸颊泛红，她低下了头。
te	I	She wasn 't sure what to say , but she was visibly pleased by this suggestion .
te	I	Hatred does , but Crying doesn 't help anything .
te	I	He swore it was the truth and that ' s what T-Bone said .
te	O	她喘息着说，试图推开他的头，但是他不会让她那样做。
te	I	Suddenly Gabrielle was being jostled from all sides and another reporter shouted yet a different question .
te	O	詹姆斯考虑跟着亨普尔走到停车场他那辆绿色的别克车旁，但是他摇了摇头，强迫自己停止那样想。
te	I	It felt like years , but he knew it had only been a week .
te	O	实际上，没有他她无法应付，但是她拒绝向任何人承认这一点。
te	I	I 've heard it more than once , but I really doubted the whole eating them theory .
te	I	It might have taken months of additional time , but maybe we would have got it ourselves eventually .
te	I	I do not need hope and I do not need faith .
te	I	The act of packing calmed her somewhat , but she headed upstairs , worry dogging her .
te	O	温暖的水打在我的皮肤上，并且我感觉到我的身体慢慢苏醒。
te	O	他这样做了，并且没什么大事发生。
te	O	她向她的人类倾斜，并且她的喜悦令人难以忍受。
te	I	The dreaded list still looms in the background , but Jack 's face is nestled in my thoughts .
te	O	我和善地对他们笑了笑，并且我走过去他们身边。
te	O	我被自己的脚绊倒了，并且威尔扶稳了我。
te	O	过去，他好像对她来说根本不存在，但是现在，突然间，她想让他来拜访。
te	O	任何其他孩子都会哭，但是他安静地等待着，知道会再次被提供。
te	I	This was a chance to help him and Jerry had not worked in a while .
te	O	他只是继续走，并且我没有跟着。
te	O	我摇摇头，但是我的嘴角上扬了。
te	O	我解开红布，并且武士刀刀刃在光中闪烁。
te	I	You weren 't even a bit surprised but I mean , you two are Christian .
te	I	She wants to release all that stuff of the past into the public and she is a journalist .
te	O	夜幕当然正在降临，但是它似乎比那更暗。
te	I	She fairly scampered down the paved driveway , but Fiji was not much of a runner .
te	I	I will do as I must , and you will do as you wish .
te	O	他的眼睛在停车场里扫视，好像在寻找逃跑的机会，并且他叹了口气，然后再次与我对视。
te	I	I strained to conform and it went against my nature .
te	O	他的钱包里有一张，并且他没有控制自己所做的事情是鲁莽而愚蠢的。
te	O	我拿起布莱克先生的笔记并进行了比较，希望这只是个巧合。
te	O	我悄悄走向卧室，并且在那里，我找到了他。
te	I	She was too tired to have it , but there should have been another thought .
te	I	His right ankle twisted , and he misjudged the distance as he jumped from the lower branches .
te	O	我从没觉得自己是个好舞者，但是和洛根一起跳就很容易。
te	O	睡不着，但是他也没有同样地感到绝望。
te	I	I hated myself for that , and my stomach growled .
te	O	她知道这不专业，而且她甚至认为他们可以成为朋友，如果一切都不同的话。
te	O	终于我们独处了，并且走廊很安静。
te	I	She had no idea where to go , and none of these departments seemed at all relevant to Thomas ' case .
te	O	我的额头变热了，并且发烧席卷了我，把我吞噬在熊熊烈火中，让我难以看清。
te	I	At least I wasn 't lying on my back anymore , but I didn 't know how much better it actually was .
te	O	大家都知道她是告密者，而且他们都躲着她。
te	O	他玩弄我的感情到极致，而且我甚至不确定他是否已经结束了。
te	O	她的哥哥从未特别轻浮，并且他绝不是一个花花公子。
te	I	He reached a hand across the intervening space to brush her cheek with caressing fingertips , and Jess 's laughter faded at her discomfort .
te	I	She looked like my Elise again and I can just say her expression changed .
te	I	The two of them had to help her , but she struggled to sit up .
te	O	昏暗的蓝光照亮了房间，并且我的眼睛适应缓慢。
te	O	他的皮肤晒得太黑了，很难看出来，但是我很确定我看到他脸颊上有一丝潮红。
te	I	I know I should have seen it sooner and I look at the image of us together .
te	I	She couldn 't get up and she was more the type to have fallen .
te	O	莱姆的脸像火烧一般，并且法杖闪耀着夺目的光芒。
te	I	He was even sexier from behind , but she didn 't think it possible .
te	O	我仍然是泰坦的女儿，并且无论宙斯做什么，我永远都会是。
te	O	他的袖子卷了起来，并且一条领带松垮地系在领口——丝质的，灰色带有黑色菱形图案。
te	I	He could detect no break , but the ankle was swelling up .
te	I	It came time to share and we went through the process .
te	I	There were still a ton , but that minimized the number .
te	O	她需要起身去遮住窗户，并且她也需要添火，如果他们想整夜保持温暖的话。
te	I	I couldn 't help it , but I knew I sounded irritated .
te	I	He 'd totally missed the point , but she didn 't want to argue .
te	O	她顺势一滚，但是当她起身时，她的背撞到了一棵树。
te	I	We may need female thinking and she 's a woman .
te	I	One of my shoes is lost in the river , and my arm starts to throb at my side .
te	O	隧道将在几天内清理完毕，并且整个项目仍将按计划完成。
te	I	I needed a change of subject , but maybe I was pushing too far .
te	I	The light shone along the ocean making it glisten , and the sun was setting .
te	O	金发警察的电话响了，并且他猛地扑过去接听。
te	O	他的身体放松了，并且他又轻松地呼吸起来。
te	O	她对他笑了，并且他屏住了呼吸。
te	O	埃莉诺对他的陪伴似乎并不满意，但是她不像那些女巫那样害怕他。
te	O	小火又生起来了，并且我们正在处理狐狸。
te	O	他永远不会离开她，并且她也永远不会离开他。
te	O	他模糊的身体表明他正在努力不摔倒，但是这没有用——他就要摔倒了。
te	O	泪水从他左脸颊流下，并且他呆呆地凝视了几秒钟。
te	I	Michelle steps in looking like she got in a fight with a bale of hay , and there 's a light knock at the door .
te	O	莫配合地玩着，并且大约十五秒后，两个男孩都大声冲着各自的麦克风喊叫。
te	O	她翻了个白眼，并且这使她畏缩了一下。
te	O	他张开了嘴，但是没有发出声音。
te	O	地面颤抖着，并且莉迪亚放开了我。
te	I	He laughed and I whispered to Zane .
te	O	好吧，加布里埃尔并非我世界上最喜欢的人，但是我的家现在全指望他了！
te	I	Since his exile , he 's learned emotional behaviors that take him even further from the standard , and Vel was an anomaly on his homeworld .
te	I	This one was a pygmy , but the roof outline in the dark resembled what he had seen of fire towers .
te	I	Surely she had gotten it wrong , but she had finally set the thing .
te	I	Gorman would have her for dinner or he had to keep her close .
te	O	这是艰苦的工作，但是这项尝试并非不可能。
te	I	He was sure it outweighed him , and its shoulder would be even with his hip if they were standing side by side .
te	I	The rain had stopped and the wind had died down now .
te	I	A life in the outdoors had lined it , shaped it , but his face was still youthful .
te	I	I exclaimed and a light bulb flashed in my head .
te	O	在我开始为公司工作后不久，克林特先生就退休了，但是泰德先生似乎丝毫不受岁月侵蚀。
te	I	God did , but they did not know their own future .
te	O	她的下唇颤抖着，但是她似乎在努力克制自己。
te	O	他们都知道艾什很强大，但是他从未见过那个亚特兰蒂斯人做出那样的事情。
te	I	I do anyway , but I ´ m afraid to see what I might find .
te	I	I was seriously going to lose it or I needed some real answers .
te	O	我说的争执是指我大声坚持要付一半，并且他以困窘的沉默回应。
te	O	她看不见他所看见的，但是她对此有清晰的印象。
te	O	克洛诺斯有着P过图的电影明星般的笑容，而且这只让他显得更令人不安。
te	I	Was forced to her knees and to gasp again for breath .
te	I	She was clearly trying for lightness , but her mother 's voice sounded tense .
te	O	亚历山德拉张开嘴想争辩，但是公爵夫人已经转向了托尼。
te	I	He was four and he was my best friend since before I was three .
te	O	比安卡，我明白你为什么不想与我扯上任何关系，但是我有一个儿子。
te	O	他的手指在她手中收紧，并且他对着她的头发微笑。
te	I	She wasn 't the type to go to a dive bar alone , but Hanna wasn 't one to turn down a cosmopolitan at a party .
te	O	他的胸口疼，并且他想知道除了他正在面对的所有其他问题之外，他是否还心脏病发作了。
te	I	She tried to keep her presence in the web completely neutral , and her eyes were on Gabriel .
te	I	He 'd claimed ownership of her childhood home , and he 'd run her father 's business into the ground shortly after taking over .
te	O	它甚至没有提到一颗彗星，但是有人在它旁边画了一颗。
te	O	我跪坐在床上她丈夫旁边，并且我把手臂伸向她。
te	O	吓了我一跳，门猛地打开，差点把我撞倒，并且斯嘉丽走了出去。
te	I	There wasn 't one in the driveway so I took that as a good sign , but I didn 't know what kind of car he drove .
te	O	我正在找一些兼职工作，并且我确信一切都会好起来的。
te	I	Rachel wasn 't there , but he went into the bedroom .
te	O	那个人不需要更多的坏消息了，但是保罗欠他一个真相。
te	O	我在对你使用逆反心理，并且你上当了。
te	O	他在她的手还没来得及抽走之前，把自己的手覆在她的手上，并且他的目光紧盯着她。
te	O	我以为她会感到无聊，但是她没有。
te	I	The Carpathian seemed able to avoid traps , but from her vantage point she could see the vampire trying to maneuver him into a position .
te	O	门口有一个小冷却器，并且我找到了一瓶啤酒。
te	O	她每走一步都离那本书更近了，而且了解书中内容的渴望也变得更强烈了。
te	O	我说，并且他点了点头。
te	O	兰斯试图回忆起在和朱莉娅爬进那辆出租车之前的生活，但是他做不到。
te	I	She pulls it tightly against her chest , but he tries to pluck the magazine away .
te	I	I was used to not getting credit for anything but I 'd called Davis to start with to get the ball rolling .
te	I	I don 't feel very attractive , and my nose is kind of runny .
te	I	I needn 't have bothered , but in Chemistry , I slid into my assigned seat as quietly as I could .
te	O	我所犯的任何错误我都乐意承担，但是我不会帮助你扳倒我们的王子。
te	I	She didn 't speak to me , but Hera remained close , eyeing me every so often .
te	O	一千名宾客受邀参加这次舞会，而且看起来他们所有人都挤在这个房间里。
te	I	I heard the raised voice on the other end of the line , and she demanded .
te	O	你的岳父是个疯子，但是这都是他的责任。
te	O	去咖啡店，并且我会在你喝完焦糖玛奇朵之前到达那里。
te	O	一棵树差点撞到我的脸，但是我险些躲开了它。
te	I	It still left me with more questions than answers , but it explained how strange I had been feeling lately .
te	O	店里有一部电话，一部真正的座机电话，并且她避免将手机用于商务。
te	I	It was one of the best evenings ( along with Ayers Rock ) that we had on the tour , and we did this for hours .
te	I	She scrambled out of his reach , and Simon took a step toward her .
te	I	When I got bored , you 'd have just disappeared , and I could have enjoyed the benefits of marriage for a while .
te	I	There would come a time when I would leave Nazareth , surely , and oh , yes , I would grow up .
te	I	Slung her hand over my arm and she helped me to my feet .
te	O	宙斯不好，并且我不坏。
te	O	战斗又持续了二十天，并且那是一场艰难的战斗。
te	O	她正前方的那座是布鲁金斯大厅，并且它代表着校园的形象。
te	I	Concern returned , and Anger fled .
te	O	理查德爵士看起来有点局促不安，并且他惯常的笑容中带着一丝紧张。
te	I	I still think we should marry again and our wedding was like a hole-in-the-wall affair .
te	O	他们以前也做过，但是这不一样。
te	I	I had to think of something quick , but I didn 't know how I was going to explain it .
te	O	她这次穿了一件更朴素的礼服，但是这并没有减损她内在的美丽。
te	I	He had access to all those photos to use in proving that he was legitimate , and he 'd been planning this for years .
te	O	他清澈的眼睛闪耀着光芒，并且我很清楚他回应了梅兰妮强烈的感情。
te	I	She needed the police , and she needed medical attention .
te	O	从那时起，又报告了几起动物袭击事件，但是很难知道哪些该认真对待。
te	I	As he left him he pushed forward a parcel and Joe had insisted on driving him to get the train .
te	O	她几乎说不出话来，但是她还是做到了。
te	O	我希望她能谈论些别的事情，但是我的思绪却一片空白。
te	I	When she opened her eyes , the brightness of the sun had evaporated , and she blinked .
te	O	是的，我正在慢慢走出梅森的阴影，但是我还没有准备好和别人发生关系。
te	O	它庄严，非常美丽，并且它有很好的气味。
te	I	He lifted me from the ground , and I took his hand .
te	I	They would split the royalties with him and Ronan would do all the work !
te	I	I wasn 't sure how I felt about that , and my mood was lightening up .
te	I	I knelt down to take a closer look , and my eyes narrowed in confusion .
te	O	他现在不在营地里，但是指挥官会找他。
te	O	他走近了一步，而我后退了一步。
te	O	这是她唯一会唱的摇篮曲，而且它是在地狱中唱的。
te	O	当然，我可以搬走，找一个更干净、离市中心更远的地方，但是我喜欢这里。
te	I	They have to believe something , but the police believe that is what happened .
te	I	This is Ava , and I 'm Mads .
te	O	他坐着看着她，而她不安地动了动。
te	I	I would be walking hunched over all day and three nights of sleeping on the lumpy cushions .
te	I	They settled down at the table , only to have Santa announce the rides were beginning and Patti brought them each a plate of food .
te	O	她平时不至于如此令人不快，但是杰克似乎总能激发出她最坏的一面。
te	I	Toby saw the fear behind it , and the Sheriff flashed him a glare .
te	O	然后我记起了萨姆关于“急先锋”不同寻常之处的隐晦警告，并且我豁然开朗。
te	I	That 's how I know this kid works quickly , but it 's a pretty recent development .
te	O	学校操场上挤满了孩子，而前面一长串车辆排着队，轮流送学生下车。
te	O	这令人不安，而且任何人都（会）担心，除了我。
te	I	I was on Missile 's back and Sally gave me a leg up .
te	I	A stairwell had been settled against the plane and the door to the plane was already opening .
te	O	她听到了说话声，甚至笑声，但是这对她来说毫无意义。
te	O	我觉得这节小车厢非常拥挤，但是其他人看起来都很舒服。
te	I	The conversations behind closed doors muted and the hall was empty .
te	O	莉亚用左刺拳攻击了希尔达的头部，但是希尔达用右臂挡住了它。
te	I	He was trying hard not to laugh , but Torin stared at them as though they 'd lost their minds .
te	O	我们买不起自行车，并且我们都知道这一点。
te	O	她的嘴巴很干，并且她的舌头感觉肿了。
te	I	He resisted the temptation of speaking the irony aloud , but do you embrace your suffering , priest , Lucien thought .
te	O	它反弹到墙上，声音大得足以吵醒死人，但是没有一颗应声而来的子弹发出叮当声射入开口。
te	I	I sure did on the inside , but I didn 't laugh out loud .
te	I	I watched him immobilized , not knowing what to do , and he then moved to the other nipple , suckling hard .
te	I	He was also being a man of science , but he was aggressive .
te	I	That would come once I could take form again , but I would need to take the compact from her .
te	O	他告诉我一些关于你案子的事情，但是我希望了解更多细节。
te	I	Before long , Mr. Cameron 's head starts to nod , but we chat for a while longer .
te	I	I winked and he looked down at me .
te	I	She had to say it , and it was just the truth .
te	O	我把一只胳膊搭在眼睛上，并且伸手去拿它。
te	I	He certainly wasn 't going to push her and the girl had been through a lot in the past twenty-four hours .
te	O	她努力不咳嗽，但是他觉得她需要。
te	I	She wore it long , as she always had , pulled back in a ponytail , but her hair was turning white .
te	I	Peter was not about to query Erin 's decision and there was no wail of protest from their son .
te	O	当她没有表示她可能会重新考虑时，他很失望，但是他没有强求。
te	I	My weak body reacted the opposite way , but he was so arrogantly convinced of that it should have been a turn off .
te	I	His expression lit up and the dog 's tail thumped .
te	O	突然间眼泪涌了上来，并且她也哭了，太累了顾不上。
te	O	盖布过去常常把他摇回现实，并且他会浑身是汗，大口喘气。
te	I	He turns in his seat to face me and Ari 's eyes light up .
te	O	他的话很刺耳，并且它们刺痛了她。
te	I	She wondered if Nebraska was very different , and Rebecca had always loved the crisp mountain air .
te	I	She lashes out with a kick to my legs and her eyes widen when she sees me coming .
te	I	Rooster jumped at the chance and at breakfast I said I didn 't want to go .
te	O	她的心在膨胀，并且她快要哭了。
te	O	他身后有脚步声，但是他不敢回头看。
te	O	我有工作要做，并且分心可能导致危险。
te	I	They couldn 't see who was fighting , but the words were familiar .
te	I	She would be home soon and her staff was hot on the trail .
te	O	他的夹克上沾满了雪，但是他看起来不冷。
te	I	She was floating , and then her feet left the ground .
te	O	它的力量使她跪了下来，并且她意识到塞弗兰斯正蜷缩在她身边。
te	O	艾瑞亚试图振作精神，但是内心深处，她感到一丝不安。
te	O	我试图转头看是谁，但是我不能，由于我躺在地上的姿势。
te	I	They all laughed again , though Jennifer looked uncomfortable , and she made sucking sounds .
te	O	她本无意承认这一切，但是它还是脱口而出了。
te	O	他的头发垂过肩膀，发梢随风飘扬，这让他看起来有一种迷人的蓬乱感。
te	O	我不知道那是什么意思，但是我跟着他去了电梯。
te	O	他只能尽力告诉她，并且随后他会想办法处理那个男孩。
te	I	It did nothing to comfort him and he didn 't feel any better .
te	O	每天都需要握着她的手，并且她从不反对，带着她那漂亮的笑容。
te	O	他们已经决定在春天结婚，而且当时才十月。
te	I	Then I watched as they all took out flashlights , and Quick greetings were exchanged , more like careless grunts than acknowledgments .
te	O	他最终长得太大，他爸爸打不动了，但是没有人真正知道他妈妈发生了什么事。
te	O	他看起来很紧张，而且不知何故，那让我感觉好多了。
te	O	她开始笑了，而且我也笑了。
te	O	我知道我应该情绪崩溃，但是我现在能想到的只有你。
te	O	兰德尔悲痛欲绝，而且我发现这太难写了。
te	I	It just so happens that our mind is where he drew the line , and sometimes we need our own private space .
te	O	我为她打开了车门，而且她优雅地滑进了座位。
te	O	我又试了一次引用，结果更加灾难性，但是这无关紧要。
te	I	He had a dazed , starstruck quality to him , but Jill was standing a couple feet from him now .
te	I	Him crouching into position but I forgot about everything .
te	I	His breathing was too quick and the man 's eyes were dilated .
te	O	我梳理着头发，并且我记得乔安娜和我一起熬夜，帮我梳头。
te	I	She 'd end up destroyed later , but he might want her for now .
te	I	I 'm happy for you guys , and I get it .
te	I	The rest of the call was filled with details about what Jackson had done the day before and Jackson seemed to accept my answer .
te	O	蜂鸣器又响了，并且比赛开始了。
te	O	他感觉到她对他的力量有所牵引，并且蓝光四溅，保护了他们的侧翼。
te	O	我的思绪漫无目的地游荡，只增加了我的焦虑，并且我越看特蕾莎就越生气。
te	O	才过了几天，但是他已经习惯了泽德的说话方式。
te	O	它们这样看起来都可行，但是我不确定能否回来。
te	I	He could pick up snatches of noise from where he sat , and this was a weekend night , however .
te	O	我她在身边时就无法正常思考，并且我失去了对所有重要事物的认知。
te	O	在前面，门已经解锁了，但是那并不意外。
te	O	我现在明白了，但是我健康的时候没有明白。
te	I	There you go and it started centuries ago when he would fight vampires , need blood .
te	I	You 're too black and you 're too old .
te	I	Instead of hearing his calm voice , another deep posh voice answers , but I knock on Lexus 's office door .
te	O	如果他不得不打赌，他会说只有一个，而且那是莱斯·韦弗。
te	O	这只是一个小小的牺牲，并且我愿意接受任何必要的代价。
te	O	布里亚负责关闭博物馆展柜，并且我负责把麦卡利斯特喂狼。
te	O	傍晚时分云再次聚集，并且很快小雨开始下了起来。
te	I	I 'm pretty sure I just broke a record with how fast I ate mine and she 's barely touched her food .
te	O	他伸手掐我的喉咙，并且我拍开了他的手。
te	I	The materials needed change as a result and some research projects take drastically different turns .
te	I	The family had gathered around Brendan for his last moments and the hours passed .
te	I	She sat heavily on a hay bale and as the dogs leaped onto the dishes with ravenous abandon .
te	I	I didn 't bother to find out what , but you always used to tell me there was more to me than a pretty face , Mom .
te	O	普蒂夫人已经在会议上把事实阐述得非常清楚了，并且杰克什么都没有错过。
te	O	沃恩的身体无力地靠在我身上，并且我知道这项工作终于完成了。
te	I	He pulled her back up , and she flopped back down , closing her eyes .
te	I	They appeared to be soldiers from the states of America and they were in blue uniforms .
te	I	Then everything went to black , and I made eye contact with Gentry one last time .
te	I	The image sprang to life , and he hit the play button .
te	O	她知道自己的语气不友善，但是最近她对他并没有感到很友善。
te	O	赛奇感到被她包围，被她吞没，并且他从未经历过这样的事情。
te	I	I don 't know about leaving her alone , but she says she 'll be fine .
te	I	I topped off the ensemble with gravity defying heels , and I 'd rolled on some stockings even though I hated the things .
te	O	我们的目光在房间里相遇，并且他犹豫地向我迈了一步，嘴角微微上扬。
te	I	He could not afford to leave anything to chance and if he didn 't find out it meant that he was weaker .
te	I	A sudden jolt would cause it to suddenly flare up , especially as his horse began to stumble with weariness , but the pain wasn 't bad .
te	O	他知道她很可能会因为他偷偷靠近她而杀了他，但是他无法抵抗想看她的冲动。
te	I	Two buckets of water were tucked just beneath the food table , and a stone ring encircled the bonfire .
te	O	她的爱可能不足以拯救亚当，但是尼克对她的爱却被证明足以拯救他自己。
te	O	我进入了友谊套房，并且我开始在电脑上工作。
te	O	我笑了，然后她把我猛地拉向她，并且我自己的释放感席卷了我。
te	O	她织了十针，并且当帽子准备开始时，她把它还了回去。
te	O	她完成时正指着门，并且斯莫尔不情愿地离开了她的办公室。
te	O	空气在她身边呼啸而过，并且这一跃似乎把她带到了难以置信的远方。
te	I	I 've hurt enough already to last me a lifetime , and if I admit it , then I hurt .
te	O	洛克看到我看着吉纳维芙，并且她笑了。
te	O	薄荷味一开始很浓，但是然后我尝到了下面有些辛辣的味道。
te	I	You 're always afraid of someone noticing you , and outside you 're not yourself .
te	O	我在十楼，而且这对我来说没问题。
te	O	我向上指着天空，并且内夫像导弹一样射入平流层。
te	I	I knew it was a result of all the crying I 'd been doing and my head was still pounding .
te	O	她翻身看他，并且凯勒姆在退缩前克制住了自己。
te	O	詹姆斯的手握得我更紧，或者可能是我握得他的更紧。
te	I	When you finally get to talk to her , what do you do , and you haven 't seen Meghan in years ?
te	I	The victors were moving in and Japan had been conquered .
te	O	是的，当他们的生命力飘入她体内时，她的身体涌动起来，但是这暂时的活力很快就消退了。
te	I	In a way , I lost a brother , and then I lost my parents , a sister .
te	I	The drawer slid open and he pulled at the front latch of the top Bankers Box .
te	I	I saw how warm he 'd been , and inside the safety of the house he shed his dark clothing .
te	O	邓肯对着伊恩笑了，并且这景象令人不寒而栗。
te	O	贾里德深吸了一口气，并且然后点了点头，在克莱尔对面坐了下来。
te	O	他不怎么谈论他的工作，但是我了解他是镇上北方投资组合服务公司的金融分析师。
te	O	我所有的朋友都要去上大学了，而且我那过度保护的父母不让我去。
te	I	The tense set to his jaw proved her right and Kelly glanced over .
te	O	这是他的一次信任之举，并且她对此做出了回应。
te	I	Nick remembered the lesson again , and Jed Ryan had walked away .
te	I	It was only designed to get to orbit , but to intercept Hermes , it 'll have to reach escape velocity .
te	O	我们埋葬了她，并且塔米变得疯狂。
te	I	It was like he was looking straight at me , and he looked to his left .
te	O	电影开始了，并且那两人安顿下来。
te	O	我害怕或许会意识到我杜撰了关于我妈妈的唯一一个我所拥有的细节，并且之后我就将一无所有了。
te	O	无线电游戏仍在进行中，双方都在试图阻挠对方，但是一些零星的对话还是传了过来。
te	O	她现在还没有完全意识到，但是她将成为我的妻子。
te	I	We began to ascend as he spoke , and he punched the button .
te	O	看够了之后，她决定继续漫无目的地前行，并且她就这样做了一整天。
te	O	安妮翻了个白眼，并且多利安的眉头皱得更深了。
te	O	我已经习惯了梅肯玩游戏，但是有两个人这样做就更糟糕了。
te	I	Two of the three missing are the ones who have become dearest to me , and only three have returned .
te	O	他们上了车，并且她系好了安全带。
te	O	另一架直升机开始后撤，但是Hoodie不让它逃走。
te	I	The ball sailed high , but it was a curl to Fabrizio , who was open .
te	I	He groaned and I lifted my head .
te	O	它尝起来又苦又甜，但是Travis能把它咽下去。
te	O	如果做不到，他本可以试我的手机，但是我的列表上没有未接来电。
te	I	I patted down my body , and my eyes shot open despite the screaming in my skull .
te	I	Great-grandmother was left alone with the children and soon great-grandfather was killed .
te	O	我确信她想发火，但是她正在践行她所宣扬的。
te	O	你再做两次，并且你就完蛋了。
te	O	Cassie不愿放开Devon，但是她需要做好战斗准备。
te	O	最终他开口了，并且听起来他说的每个字都咬牙切齿。
te	O	她年纪太大了，不适合开车，但是没有其他人跟她在一起。
te	I	I am warning you , but you have the right .
te	O	她是我的女朋友，并且她哪儿也不会去。
te	I	He began to shake her , and his hands found her throat .
te	I	He wanted to finish his story , but Jerry 's voice was already beginning to break .
te	O	显然他知道我知道，并且那就是他为什么在那里。
te	I	My heartbeat quickened and my blood warmed .
te	O	我们即将发布一些大的丑闻来掀起波澜，并且我们需要知道谁在做真正的肮脏工作。
te	O	这些情有可原的情况已被考虑在内，并且你由此产生的罚款将相当轻微。
te	I	Rio had made her a promise , and she was desperate to locate her sister .
te	O	精灵们一定是某种记录者，或者如果她的姑妈阿拉娜能说明什么的话，他们一定也有不少先知。
te	O	我给他看我的伤口，并且他立刻去拿他的背包，跨过尸体。
te	I	Boy 412 scrambled after her , and then he helped Marcia out .
te	I	I know I will tonight but I haven 't cried yet .
te	I	She 'd just helped assault three grown-ups , and now she was in a stolen car .
te	O	我担心留下痕迹，但是我从未认为我的处境危险。
te	I	It broke and my voice had reached a hysterical pitch .
te	I	When I looked at him again , it felt the opposite , but I didn 't questioned him further .
te	O	我不希望我提供帮助和我对某个女孩的礼貌被误认为是调情。
te	I	That 's all that mattered and I thought he was great .
te	O	他告诉我耐心等待，并且很快一切都会解决。
te	O	她仍然开着窗户，但是现在她在发抖。
te	I	She wasn 't that big of a coward as much as she 'd like to be , but the window did look inviting .
te	I	Leah met him head on , but he rushed it .
te	I	Wolves are very open about their thoughts , and you 're a wolf in your other form .
te	I	They 'd been through worse , but yes , the situation was intense .
te	O	我不想要另一个保姆，而且我有一种感觉那就是内特话里的意思。
te	I	I was more than happy with Nick , but it was upsetting that I couldn 't see him that way .
te	I	Somehow it doesn 't shatter the tension between us like most moments of amusement would , and I laugh , too .
te	O	她给了我一个顽皮的眼神，并且我皱起了眉头。
te	O	凯文恶狠狠地瞪了尼尔一眼，但是尼基在他开口前进行了干预。
te	I	His lips parted and his pupils dilated .
te	O	我不知道灵魂是否真的在世界上游荡，但是即使它们真的如此，我也会无处不在地感受到你的存在。
te	O	我曾经认为这是一个坚持的问题，认为我们能够帮助所有人，但是我们不能。
te	I	He flung himself at me , and his eyes filled with hatred .
te	I	Many others hadn 't , but thankfully , their house had survived .
te	O	仿佛投降一般，巴克斯举起双手，并且他跟着走了。
te	O	他本应该表达感谢，但是其他情绪堵住了他的舌头。
te	O	他喘着气，并且他的神色变得凝重。
te	I	Large tears showed in the legs and Pieces had been ripped from the gray fabric .
te	I	I felt my cheeks flush and every head in the room swung around to me .
te	I	It did a triple skip once her eyes met Sebastian 's , and her heart skipped a beat as she gazed at the brothers .
te	I	Something about his gait suggested he was nervous , but he was too far away to get a good look at , particularly under a baseball cap .
te	I	I am drawn to it despite myself , and now his eyes have that fevered look .
te	O	科林用他的腿把她的腿拨到一边，并且当她看着的时候，他慢慢地进去了。
te	O	他的办公室胜诉率很高，但是这主要是因为他不会起诉任何不是十足把握的案件。
te	O	不，我没听说，但是我这周没有和黛比说过话。
te	O	亚历克斯有时有点难相处，因为他曾是军人，但是他知道自己在做什么。
te	I	He raised it all the same , but his control of my Master 's Orb was tenuous at best .
te	I	It was a muted sound because of the ringing in my ears , but I heard Laurel scream .
te	O	她盯着他，他逆光站在明亮的窗前，并且她的喉咙收紧了。
te	I	The four of us started up river and eventually we got our machines turned in the right direction .
te	I	For a moment , neither of them said anything , and she laughed .
te	I	It would be difficult and I knew you 'd fight me on it .
te	I	The secretary poked her head into the room and the door cracked open .
te	O	很难找到像杰克一样可信的英雄，并且像麦迪一样真实的女主人公。
te	O	他的皮毛缠绕着，并且他的眼睛睁大了。
te	I	I just stare at him in confusion , but Hayden holds his phone out to me .
te	O	门微微开着，并且里面的灯亮着。
te	O	她没有表现出她父亲预料她会在袭击中丧生这一事实伤害了她的迹象，但是艾丽娅知道确实如此。
te	O	云层在他们上方聚集，并且她抬起了头。
te	O	她一开始反抗，但是当她开始挣扎时，他改变了策略。
te	I	They breathed the warm night air , in gasps of lust and their naked breasts were moist with sweat .
te	O	站在黑暗的门口，甘赛伊低声念出罗南的名字，并且然后，当没有得到回应时，大声说出来。
te	I	That was nothing , but we thought we 'd been in deep shit before .
te	I	The exertion was taking its due , yet they would have fallen .
te	I	He began to feel comfortable in his bed of earth , and he concentrated on matching her until his breathing came into line .
te	O	发出来的更像是一种咆哮，但是她坚持自己关于疼痛的说法。
te	O	他的整个人生都寄托在疯子罗根的话语上，并且现在他无法消化。
te	I	My control snapped and it had been too long .
te	O	他在伊拉克待了将近一年，但是他却突然出现在厨房里，站着。
te	I	I was drinking it too , but I was choking on water .
te	I	He didn 't turn around , but Nick finally raised his head .
te	I	She fell back onto the soft laundry , breathless , her lip throbbing where he 'd bruised it , and he released her suddenly .
te	O	我可以跑，但是我永远也赶不到了。
te	I	Marks of a helmet were still bright on her face , and her dark blond hair was stuck to her head with sweat .
te	O	洞穴里的每个原子都充满了可察觉的嗡鸣声，并且水线以上的一切都在凉爽的绿色薄雾中发光。
te	O	她猛砍了他的脚踝后部，并且他向前扑倒。
te	O	她在海登吻了她之后为此事感到激动，觉得自己很虚伪，但是她进入那种情况时并没有想过会发生什么。
te	O	他轻轻地敲了一下，并且金属与“恶意”相撞发出了声响。
te	O	尸体被撕成碎片，并且她没有看到他的头。
te	I	They rushed in anyway , but he tried to block out the images .
te	I	She pulled me close , running her fingers through my hair , and I moved closer to her .
te	I	His heart swelled when she took it between both of hers , and he put his hand out to Sarah .
te	I	She knew their secrets and she knew the occupants .
te	O	门开了，并且玛丽安站在那里。
te	I	There was something about him that tugged at her heart , but there wasn 't a single spark of chemistry between them .
te	I	She said very little to us and we stopped over to talk to her .
te	O	菲茨的嘴巴张开了，并且他的眼睛变得高尔夫球那么大。
te	I	It was beginning to look like a dead end , but it was the only angle that the police had to pursue on the forensic front .
te	I	Zane blinked a few times as he found himself standing in what was unmistakably the French Quarter , and the hood was yanked off .
te	I	I would awake back in the complex , and I just hoped that when I next fell asleep my current nightmare would over .
te	O	他不觉得寂寞，但是他确实是独自一人。
te	I	Rock still held the knife to his neck but Jacob started to squirm a little .
te	O	他们的追踪者迟早会弄明白的，而且我们需要一个先机来在这场残酷的捉迷藏游戏中存活下来。
te	I	Cody laughed and Tom looked away .
te	O	伊恩救不了他兄弟的灵魂，但是他肯定能拖延它的消亡。
te	I	Watching him battle cancer was unbearable , and Eric Sloan was as close to a son as she would ever have .
te	O	她努力想说话，但是抽泣声已经完全控制了她。
te	I	School was going to be in session tomorrow and I was so excited the weekend was over .
te	I	They do not become that person , but they have the same number of years left to live as that person had .
te	I	I wondered what it would taste like and it was a vibrant pink .
te	I	He wanted her and she was so damn beautiful .
te	I	I don 't see one ounce of the vulnerability that I have seen there before and Luca looks at me again .
te	O	我回头看了一眼路上的那个人，但是他已经不见了。
te	O	房间看起来很熟悉，而且斯宾塞突然知道了原因。
te	I	Before he turned to leave , she opened it , but since she didn 't answer right away , he thought she wasn 't home .
te	O	也许如果她能睡一觉就能理清自己的未来，但是睡意却不肯降临，尽管极度的疲惫困扰着她的身体。
te	I	It felt worse and it looked awful .
te	O	他仍然没有接近过蛇，并且蒂根很喜欢为此取笑他。
te	O	她快要死了，并且我无能为力。
te	I	He was glad that she didn 't have that memory , and he 'd once cursed what she was .
te	I	Even Coral 's lips parted beneath her mask , and that silenced them .
te	O	他身材高大，一头黑发和她的颜色一样，并且有一瞬间她怀疑他是否在和她调情。
te	O	我觉得她的好奇心很正常，但是我希望她能说点什么。
te	I	There was something else she needed to hear , but Kellan wanted to tell her the words anyway .
te	O	他的朋友把他从水池里拉出来，并且约翰踉跄了一下，不确定地环顾四周。
te	I	The answer continued to evade her , but for long moments she pondered the situation .
te	I	The yellow grass cracked under my feet , and * * * Small plumes of dust rose as I made my way toward the river .
te	O	吉米很帅，并且他知道如何让所有年龄段的女性为他着迷。
te	I	She quickly shut it , but her mouth was open , as though she was going to say something more .
te	O	她本身并不是不尊重，但是她可能在表达自己无法理解上帝处理事情的方式时过于直率。
te	O	我检查我的口袋，但是我找不到它。
te	I	Trying to be as gentle as possible , but Karl drew the girl near , firm .
te	I	I was too exhausted to argue but I couldn 't say I agreed with her .
te	I	He did not reply , but Aden 's grip tightened .
te	I	I couldn 't really tell without seeing him in person , but he didn 't look to be any worse .
te	O	痛苦的表情掠过他的脸，并且他停了下来。
te	I	The question didn 't appear , but he continued to study me , curiosity replacing smugness .
te	I	Her obstetrician conceded that it was possible , and Doug had convinced her that job-related stress was the reason she hadn 't conceived .
te	O	那些碎片突然各归其位，并且他的手指在键盘上敲打出节奏——讲述着历史所掩盖的故事。
te	O	我感到一阵羞愧涌上脖颈，并且我抵制住了想把隐形眼镜揉到位的冲动。
te	I	They came together with one final , shuddering thrust , and she gasped for air , cried out his name .
te	I	We need all the help we can get , and we don 't have a lot of allies .
te	I	She felt a stinging in her arm and he sliced the knife out towards her .
te	O	我简直不敢相信自己刚才做了那种事，但是当时那个举动感觉如此自然。
te	I	Maybe she 's already been gone for a couple days , but I know she has to be missing for at least twenty-four hours .
te	I	I regretted them , and those thoughts made me hurt worse , though .
te	I	I flinched , thinking the gun was going to go off and the first kid jumped at the sound of Seth 's voice .
te	I	Many of the young girls in the village were gathered at the town well , supposedly getting water , and it was the next morning .
te	O	她绝不会同意，并且那只会给她带来痛苦。
te	O	他藏着什么，并且我倒是好奇那是什么。
te	O	坦普尔试图撬开嘴巴，但是牙齿紧紧地咬合着。
te	I	She nods , and I ask .
te	O	他依然英俊，但是她被清晰地提醒，她从小一起长大的男孩已经不在了。
te	O	埃莉诺多年前做哈特的情人时没有怀孕，并且她现在年纪大了很多。
te	O	他知道他需要见到他们，但是他不想仓促行事。
te	I	As he jumped onto the deck , they crumbled into a pile with a thunderous boom , and the walls began to buckle then .
te	O	显然他想捕捉房子里生活的方方面面，并且那也包括了仆人。
te	I	We make it up there , but I think it 's the most exercise any of us get all year .
te	I	We did not make you monsters , but we made you vampires long ago .
te	O	阿加莎用了她藏起来的后门钥匙，但是令她惊讶的是她不需要钥匙。
te	I	The stench of frozen meat , and cool air rushed out .
te	I	Victoria couldn 't stop laughing , and Mandy wrinkled her nose .
te	O	一开始把她流放可能就是个糟糕的决定，但是现在已经无法回头了。
te	I	My muscles ached as I rushed headlong into the blackened abyss and I pushed myself harder , faster , until my lungs burned .
te	O	穿刺伤口已经消失了，但是那段记忆让丹尼尔几近疯狂。
te	O	对你来说，这看起来像是作家家里有人去世了，并且你窥见了作者的意识深处。
te	O	既然他不再是人类，他们的声音不再有催眠作用，但是它们仍然很诱人。
te	I	Still I didn 't break and Ethan had chased me down .
te	I	That 's a promise , and it won 't take long .
te	I	He turned them so her back was pressed up against the wall and his hand continued to grip her tightly , lifting her completely off the ground .
te	O	在我能读完一整个章节之前，我的四肢就开始感到沉重，而且我抵挡不住沉重的眼皮。
te	O	艾米丽的手机又响了，而且盖尔的名字在屏幕上闪烁。
te	I	I wasn 't and that she was bitten .
te	O	我嘶哑地在他身后喊叫，但是他已经走了。
te	I	When he got down on his knee , he proposed and Gavin came next .
te	O	德里克甚至在它的喙上轻弹了几下，而且它却没有动。
te	O	莉莉的思绪转向了乔希，而且她把链子举到唇边。
te	I	Miss Godwin pretty closely and both have been watching you .
te	I	They might 've even caught me on the security tapes , or someone would eventually realize it was missing .
te	O	他把耳机递给她，而且她开始专心致志地听起来。
te	I	It knocked me out for a bit and I got smacked in the chest with something .
te	O	六只母狗袭击了她，而且她击败了它们全部。
te	O	塔拉尼斯确实强奸了我，但是他来得太晚了。
te	I	My vision blurred , and my chest burned .
te	O	那个男孩的胳膊很快就累了，并且他开始拖着椅子走。
te	O	艾玛非常强壮，并且我把塞西尔送到他们那里。
te	I	Management was the one who made the ultimate decision , but it 's true he doesn 't like me much .
te	O	鲜血浸透了他束腰外衣的两侧，并且他双膝跪地，双眼圆睁。
te	I	They were doing the same , looking to her but she looked to the dancers for a cue .
te	I	You can 't do anything to me and you can 't do anything to him .
te	I	It will get us there , but we can 't all fit very comfortably .
te	I	The records of her patients went missing , and her files were destroyed .
te	I	I embrace it and I can feel every single aspect of his touch .
te	O	他们说他被一种迷恋所占据，就像一种疾病，但是她是他的生命，他的爱！
te	I	She could try to teach him that his past didn 't have to define his future , but she couldn 't .
te	I	If collecting bugs was what they loved to do then she 'd do it , too and obviously she wanted to be like them .
te	O	一抹坏笑牵动着他的嘴唇，并且他把目光转向了我。
te	O	这是因为他无法忍受看她，并且告诉卢这件事也远超他的能力。
te	O	空气中回荡着她未说出口的问题，并且沮丧攫住了罗南。
te	I	Elise hated the thought that eventually her daughter would face the same disappointment she had , and Aurora hadn 't been disillusioned by her father yet .
te	O	他的话是错误的，认为女性不如男性，但是她能看出他的心是好的。
te	I	No sound came out , but Emily opened her mouth .
te	O	许多游行者脊背发凉，但是他们知道豺狼本性难移。
te	I	They stepped outside , and she rejoined Melinda .
te	O	克拉苏的眼睛因赞美而闪烁，并且他用力捶胸行了一个干脆的军礼。
te	I	We have to throw you out and you are not going to need it unless you complain during the flight .
te	I	I thought about how much I 'd like to have a gazebo like that in my backyard someday , and a beautiful gazebo stood in one corner .
te	O	当时是早上七点四十五分，但是仍有一些勇敢的灵魂在玩老虎机。
te	I	We began on our way and everybody got into their vehicles .
te	I	Only water came up , but she tried to scream .
te	O	怒火使她碧绿的眼睛在她金色的皮肤映衬下闪烁火花，而且一如既往，我在她身旁感觉自己像河泥一样沉闷。
te	O	但丁点头，并且我意识到车速正在减慢。
te	O	那让我很惊讶，但是莱恩似乎已经预料到了。
te	O	我对她眨了眨眼，并且她困惑地摇了摇头。
te	O	门随时可能打开，但是迈克尔似乎并不在意。
te	O	她不愿想理查德可能出了什么事，但是她只是想留意任何潜在的线索。
te	O	他的外表一点也不Alpha，然而他却是任期最长的人之一。
te	O	他没有回答，并且从他的沉默中我明白他不想谈论这件事。
te	I	It 's our responsibility to reach a verdict , and we 've been chosen to decide this case .
te	I	She started gagging , and it was the most wretched thing Kaylee could ever conceive of .
te	I	A lot of gunfire had been heard when other passengers on the train complained and it hadn 't stopped for anything .
te	I	He 'd get so pissed off , but I ' d even tried pushing him on a few occasions , telling him the importance of college .
te	I	The vision disappeared and it was over in less than ten minutes .
te	O	玛雅没有颤抖，但是她能感觉到，就像针尖刺着她的皮肤。
te	O	我说，并且尽管詹姆斯摇了摇头，我仍然觉得自己像个傻瓜。
te	I	My breath rattled a little when I exhaled , and my legs were still trembling .
te	I	It ´ s rather windy and there ´ s fresh air .
te	O	塔拉尼斯很英俊，但是仅此而已。
te	I	My body doesn 't seem to give a shit at all , yet every fiber of my being knows he 's not a good person .
te	I	Timmy sat by himself in his cell , and the day was drawing to a close .
te	I	Jack had spear and Seth had a dagger in his right hand .
te	I	As they drew closer he felt sure , but at first he thought he was mistaken .
te	O	他的脸太和善了，不可能是恶意的冷笑，并且它立刻消失了。
te	I	He walks down the steps as I shut the door , reading the paper over and I take it from him .
te	O	德克斯像往常一样给我留了一个巴士座位，但是他非常小心地不坐得离我太近。
te	I	I 'd not even spoken with her , and I 'd only seen her once .
te	O	我用完了两支Bic钢笔，并且那些笔在那里很难买到。
te	I	That was fine , for it caused Elise to huddle against me while I held her , but it was a cold evening .
te	I	It wasn 't so the two of them could have a happily-ever-after , and she knew the reason why Sawyer had married her .
te	O	他沉默了片刻，并且她意识到他脸红了。
te	I	I had no voice , but I called his name .
te	I	They 're very professional , but the agents are close .
te	I	He was waiting for us when we pulled up , and Chapter Twelve I called Paul on our way home .
te	O	我轻轻推了他一下，并且他笑了。
te	O	查理听到门咔嗒一声关上了，但是她的注意力现在都集中在食物托盘上。
te	I	Slight shadows rimmed them , but his ice blue eyes looked as intent as ever .
te	O	凯特听起来很紧张，但是即使她丈夫身处险境，她依然保持专注。
te	O	我曾想和父亲谈谈，但是说实话，我很害怕。
te	I	Hard rain poured , and a large cloud which was as big as a life buoy formed in mid air .
te	I	Neither could Alex himself , and I couldn 't tell .
te	O	桑德肯定继承了他父亲深色的长相，而且其他人看起来更白皙，像他们的妈妈。
te	O	他的脸因为所有的关注而涨红了，并且他正尽力躲在他的课本后面。
te	O	那不完全是真的，但是科尔特是一次性的事。
te	O	那是我犯的一个明显错误，并且我想为我的粗心道歉。
te	O	米卡把它打了回去，并且帕克也做了同样的事。
te	O	他们离他们的小区不远，但是这是一条小路，并非梅丽莎会有很多理由通行的小路。
te	O	另一张纸吸引了她的注意，并且她把它捡了起来。
te	I	His muscular companion , who had watched the whole scene from a little ways away , walk away and the three Quarry hunters watched Leo .
te	O	她当时还在上小学，并且那次旅行是一次大冒险。
te	I	She 'd die in agony -- and they 'd kill her there anyway .
te	I	The pain caused him to curse aloud and Bruce hit his fists against the console .
te	I	Finally , people began trickling out , and the party continued in force for another couple hours .
te	O	我张开嘴巴想尖叫，但是却没有发出任何声音。
te	I	That annoyed her , and he sounded plaintive .
te	O	她火红的头发紧紧地卷着，而且她脸上带着能从几英里外看到的怒容。
te	O	她做了一个鬼脸，并且我笑了。
te	O	周围有这么多人也让我很难保持我的心理防线，并且我集中精神皱起了眉。
te	O	我半转过头想说些刻薄的话，但是她没有给我机会。
te	O	我们不能前进，并且我们也不能后退！
te	O	她没有说出来，但是她很高兴亚历克和她在一起。
te	I	I quickly glanced over to see two police officers sitting in front , and he drew up alongside of me .
te	O	克莱去世时银行里没有钱，并且他秘密的威士忌藏匿处也和拖车一起烧毁了。
te	O	其中一个里面装满了液体，并且当她闻了一下时，她惊恐地退了回来。
te	I	She nuzzled my arm , and I patted her neck .
te	I	The bailiff walking double time to get out of the wind and * * * February opened with sharp cold , both Dan .
te	O	克里斯蒂安顺道回家给她快速参观了一下，并且埃里卡喜欢那里的一切。
te	I	The whole contraption rose as if something inflated beneath us and something rumbled gently beneath my feet .
te	I	She moved it with her finger and a bit of chocolate dripped down his lip .
te	O	她想知道他们抵达的那一刻，但是被视为急切是不妥的。
te	I	We have to get there in time and we have a great distance to cover .
te	O	他的眼睛像冰一样闪烁着，而且她几乎能听到他牙齿咬合的声音。
te	I	They aren 't getting any , but they 're waiting for orders .
te	I	Dennis sensed that he would have to tread lightly if he was to appear at all credible , and she did not elaborate .
te	I	His face was full of anger , but he did not step forward , because she remained so close to the boundary .
te	I	He appeared perplexed , and his expression changed .
te	O	他的视线清晰了，并且那张脸分辨出来是一个女孩。
te	I	She claimed it wasn 't her problem what Connor 's choices were , and men cheated all the time .
te	I	He was not happy about it , but so in the end he had relented .
te	O	他又向前拉了两次才把拖车弄直，但是这两次都没有第一次偏得那么多。
te	O	空气在我身下呼啸着，并且我腾空而起。
te	I	The vines seemed to sigh in the growing wind , and the dead leaves rustled .
te	I	It turned out I didn 't need to find them , but I wasn 't sure how to get to wherever the Fates were keeping our eggs .
te	I	My thoughts returned to Calvin , making my heart ache , and Ruth was silent for a few minutes .
te	O	他不是我最想见到的人，但是见到他却让我脸上露出无法掩饰的笑容。
te	I	I 'd never felt freer , and my mind was completely empty .
te	O	就像你说的，轮胎上都是泥巴，但是没有发现其他明显的痕迹。
te	O	她洗了澡，把手搓得通红，用了一整瓶洗发水，但是从来没有觉得干净过。
te	O	我之前想死，但是现在我没那么确定了。
te	I	They were terrifying , and I 'd seen angry spirit users .
te	O	我竟然把手指塞在耳朵里睡着了，并且当我走在走廊上时，它们因疲惫而嗡嗡作响。
te	I	They have even more tats than I do , and they 're all as big as me , if not bigger .
te	I	She didn 't reply because a gorgeous man had come to stand next to us but I looked over at Alissa .
te	O	我一想到它就觉得恶心，但是我也不想她因为穿着湿衣服睡觉而感冒。
te	O	通常她不高兴时会大声哭泣，但是她却惊呆了，一声不吭。
te	I	The stranger was waiting to shake her hand and Todd had stopped speaking .
te	O	偶尔他会写一篇专题文章，并且她也会同样热切地阅读那些文章。
te	O	他继续大声朗读，但是他的心思却不再在文字上了。
te	I	Her breast came away from between his lips and her eyes opened .
te	I	It touches my heart like it 's meant to and she smiles .
te	O	她想和我击掌，但是我只是摇了摇头。
te	O	他们杀了杰拉德，并且战争是唯一的答案。
te	O	克莱做了个鬼脸，但是他没有反应。
te	I	Their brief respite of warmth was over , and the city was on the edge of starvation .
te	I	The marks of trauma were still prominent , but the corporal reconstruction had erased about two decades .
te	I	It felt like much longer , yet seconds had passed .
te	I	His head smacks into mine and we fall onto my couch .
te	O	当肉煮熟后，他递给我一条腿，并且我们坐在他马车的边缘吃起来。
te	I	The sad thing was I didn 't really appreciate it ... but Life was paradise back then .
te	O	他的笑容消失了，并且他把一种奇怪而强烈的目光转向了牧师。
te	I	Seeing things that others can 't , or witches have the power of sight .
te	I	The bus doors clattered shut , and the old driver said several words no one understood .
te	O	我再次感到无能为力，并且我开始策划对这一切的复仇。
te	I	She was right , but I hated to admit it .
te	I	It still made her mouth pucker , but then Hugh made her a whiskey sour , which she liked a little better .
te	I	He finally truly smiled and I gave him a crooked grin .
te	O	他仍然看着她，并且她也看着他，沉浸在夹克中。
te	O	雨把火浇灭了，并且空气中弥漫着一种奇怪的电流味。
te	I	She pulled out a big slab of tile and we entered the kitchen .
te	O	我问他是不是博美犬，但是多伊尔对这个比较感到有些震惊。
te	O	当我看到他时，我离他不会超过二十英尺，并且我跳进了更深的灌木丛中，脸朝下着地。
te	O	她的言语略带含糊，但是她看起来整体很镇定。
te	I	It was as nice as ever , but he hadn 't been in Josie 's house in three years .
te	O	这是一个寂寞的地方，并且几英里内都没有警察。
te	I	It held its ground , but it struck the barrier .
te	O	维奥莱塔面无表情地盯着我，并且我点了点头。
te	I	No arrests were made , and Police disbursed the mob .
te	O	她美丽的眼睛试图对我说话，但是我所能看到的只是交织的悲伤。
te	I	Our power is greater than hers and we are a distraction to the demons .
te	I	Slowly he started to transform into a Fallen , but it took a few weeks .
te	O	凯登试图露出一个令人安心的笑容，但是结果却变成了鬼脸。
te	O	一场战斗终于要发生了，并且凯西正跃跃欲试要打一架。
te	O	我们到了河边，并且边聊边发现我们有几十个共同的兴趣。
te	I	Everyone else was apparently agreeing with them and someone had found something of interest .
te	O	汤姆闪了远光灯，但是司机没有回应。
te	I	Soon they 'd come out of their buildings , but I looked around us -- couldn 't see anybody yet .
te	I	He was responsible for that part of the procedure , the anaesthetic , but we disagreed .
te	I	She certainly didn 't want to get acquainted with his anatomy , and she wished she didn 't have to see him at all .
te	O	他想再听到那个声音，但是这次他会在她里面。
te	O	他一直用脚挣扎，但是它纹丝不动。
te	I	That would be hours from now , and it sharpened as night came on .
te	I	Bill made a small movement that he instantly stilled , and I couldn 't get why I was supposed to care .
te	I	She knew it , and he wanted her .
te	O	蔡斯的目光转向那个方向，并且他紧绷的怒火立刻消散了一些。
te	O	没人会觉得珍妮的姿势还能更直，但是她确实挺直了。
te	I	He hadn 't caused them any trouble since the motel incident and they hadn 't seen Wallace except in passing .
te	O	他轻轻地把我拉向他，并且水流倾泻而下。
te	I	His body jerked forward to attack and Caden 's eyes quickly zoned in .
te	O	他们沿着河岸走了似乎几个小时，尽可能地跟着鹿径，但是否则就得穿过茂密的灌木丛开辟道路。
te	I	This was the third wreck at the Birmingham Junction in as many nights , and this was my third time riding along on John 's graveyard shift .
te	O	我从没想过我会想和人类共度时光，但是你比大多数人更容易忍受。
te	I	She needed to build her own foundation , and she realized he 'd never come back .
te	I	You never would have known and I could have kept a lot of it to myself .
te	I	He nodded , and Mantra 's gaze slowly moved across the three of them .
te	O	我感觉不是很自信，但是我清楚和她说话时我必须保持积极。
te	I	I couldn 't find my voice and I was sitting across from Mr. Stevenson .
te	I	She got a chance to introduce her real interest into the conversation , and they sat in the lord 's private sitting room for a while .
te	O	他做了几个手势，并且他的手下继续从桌子旁边包抄。
te	O	她把头发捋到耳后，并且他看到了他刺在她喉咙侧面的两个穿刺伤口。
te	O	我们的友谊不可能都是假的，并且我怀念能够不带着愤怒地想念他。
te	O	我停下来仔细考虑了一下，但是我做不到。
te	I	Instead she looked into Grace 's eyes , but she turned to her right , eager to see Jakes smile , probably a little lopsided .
te	O	听我说完，并且之后我就会让你一个人待着。
te	O	我感到胃里一阵翻腾，并且我俯身将头靠在波西温暖的脖颈上，等待恶心感过去。
te	I	While he lived in the house he never used the room and he was embarrassed to ask .
te	O	蒂莫西就此打住，但是斯科特却希望能有更多。
te	O	一声震耳欲聋的咆哮声撕裂了她的头颅，并且她发出撕心裂肺的尖叫。
te	O	他坚守立场，并且她很欣赏这一点。
te	I	He is skilled enough but he is not as good as Sister Lexie .
te	O	我握住她的手，并且她让我这样做。
te	O	她非常爱那只狗，然而她却没有哭，一点也没有。
te	I	If he 'd been in human form he would have already exploded he was sure of it , and his heart was racing .
te	O	玛雅走进房间，胳膊上搭着一件叠好的连衣裙，但是这件连衣裙与她所期待的完全不同。
te	O	杰克曾试图拿到这笔钱，但是闪电击毁了电网中的关键部件，使得电子转账不可能。
te	I	His lips parted , exposing the tips of his fangs as he watched me writhe and his eyes flickered up to meet mine .
te	I	I kept my family warm , and I put meals on the table .
te	I	I looked back at Jakob , and my mind flashed back to the all the different patents I 'd found in my father 's box .
te	O	她想要他爱抚她，并且他发誓要缓慢而彻底地这样做。
te	O	他把手放在我的肩膀上，并且即使现在我也喜欢那样。
te	I	I wasn 't afraid , and I wasn 't that girl anymore .
te	I	I fought not to bite in too quickly , not to rush the pleasure of it , and his pulse raced .
te	I	Whatever was happening to her and so much it made her dizzy with the force of it .
te	I	Liz walked into the apartment and Bryan stepped back .
te	O	死亡凝视转向我，并且尽管我非常害怕她可能会做什么，我还是平静地向她指出。
te	I	They were still her closest friends and they had been her First Circle .
te	O	鲁本的腿一软，并且他向前倒去，重重摔倒在地。
te	O	他用爱沙尼亚语说话，并且她也以同样的方式回应。
te	I	Instantly , my body is submersed in coldness , and Micha 's mouth is abruptly leaving mine along with his body .
te	O	加百列扬了扬眉，知道他们曾经是朋友，但是这有点过分了。
te	I	Everything was familiar to her , yet Victoria had never been here .
te	O	一滴泪水不争气地滑下她的脸颊，并且我只好转过头去。
te	O	那些最痛苦的灵魂常常将他们的秘密深藏不露，但是一旦他们分享出去，他们就能找到平静。
te	I	He stepped out of her reach and Amy moved to touch Asher 's sleeve .
te	I	This vow is easy to make , but my life might be mixed up .
te	O	他们想把它给马特，但是他不打算让他们这样做。
te	O	她的目光遥远地落在地平线上，望向西方，那里太阳已经落下，但是余晖仍在。
te	O	她努力保持冷静，但是她的储备已经耗尽。
te	I	He wasn 't ready to go , but they started to drag Nate toward the entrance .
te	O	某处有一个适合她的白马王子，而且这让我内心煎熬。
te	O	他没有添加任何细节，而且对乔治来说这很奇怪。
te	I	He believed it , then maybe I really would be and if I told him I was okay .
te	O	他离开了，而且我走向了女洗手间。
te	O	身体上她很正常，但是情感上她却在寻找一个借口痛哭一场。
te	O	他的眼睛被挖出来了，而且他脸上布满了干涸的血迹。
te	O	我看向他，而且尽管很难，我还是保持与他对视。
te	I	They had lost their meaning for him , but he said the words by rote .
te	O	一个问题在凯莉脑中闪现，而且在她来不及阻止自己之前，它就脱口而出了。
te	O	我们认为这里有一个鬼城，而且我们觉得那可能很有趣。
te	O	我对她咧嘴一笑，并且她摇了摇头。
te	I	He held back , but the urge to slam his fists into the device made his muscles clench .
te	I	Jaxon did want to know him , his reality , but maybe it wouldn 't happen .
te	I	The sound roared like thunder and the ground began to shake .
te	I	The doors opened and the elevator stopped .
te	O	他们周围的人都冲向自己的座位，并且她摆弄着她的杯子。
te	O	这是一个反常温暖的秋日早晨，并且在韦尔斯利城外的最初几英里，我们开着窗户行驶。
te	I	Jimmy pulled it open the rest of the way , and the door opened slightly .
te	I	She had to stay focused , and she had Moore to contend with .
te	I	I knew that once again , my hopes had been denied , but I had hoped that I could bask in my happiness with Kennan .
te	O	这里的工作并不算多，并且我的学位几乎没用。
te	I	Possibly destroy them and hoping to turn me against the rebels .
te	I	Reflections were supposed to look back when looked at , but it was like looking at a reflection .
te	I	Rupert was already heading out of the vineyard , but he started to say hoarsely .
te	I	She caught the tightening of his bicep peeking from his tee shirt sleeve and he brought his other hand up to shield his eyes from the sun .
te	I	I just hope one day you 'll understand that and the decision I made was for a good course .
te	I	Images of Nick Delaware floated in front of her closed lids , and she went inside , lay on the bed .
te	I	Jennifer fixed herself up today , but he knew he was average looking .
te	O	昆虫们很轻松地移开了，让布茨通过，但是它们对他来说是一个障碍训练场。
te	I	He felt ancient next to her , but he was only six years older than Maddy .
te	O	他听到她嗤之以鼻，并且他笑了。
te	I	Our tired , wet eyes met , and he pulled back .
te	O	她让开让我进去时，我紧张地咽了咽口水，并且当我欣赏装饰时，紧张感融化成了敬畏。
te	I	It was full of money and Janet got the briefcase from Gerry 's office .
te	O	没有月亮，并且天空多云。
te	O	我不知道那是否是真的，但是我必须把她弄出来。
te	O	我的脚勾住了旋转门边缘，并且我开始向后倒去。
te	I	The land was rising now , the road running in a narrow valley , but the copse ended about four hundred yards along .
te	O	我认出的第一个词是我哥哥的名字，并且我为接下来要发生的事情做好了准备。
te	I	He had caught them all before they had gotten too far , but many of them had tried to run away .
te	I	I can match him but he 's quite good .
te	O	你告诉我我们很快会找到他，但是现在，我看到的只是眼前这个两手空空的傻瓜。
te	I	His tense features soften and he looks at me .
te	I	He left her , but he loved her .
te	I	It 's still liquid out in the center , but close to shore , the water has frozen .
te	O	因为嘈杂的声音他听不清她在说什么，然而他却能知道她的项目是关于什么的。
te	O	我看向正在舒服休息的麦迪，并且我感到平静了。
te	I	My belly warmed , and his eyes flared .
te	O	他们杀了帕特，并且现在他们在找你。
te	O	我想，但是我不能。
te	O	一个正常的女人会等到晚餐上桌，并且他们沉浸在海滨交易的消息中。
te	O	他开始不在乎结果会是什么，但是他还是继续了。
te	I	His hands remained steady , but he shrugged his shoulders .
te	O	倒不是我在抱怨，但是我只是不明白。
te	I	Only a few inches separate us and my mouth is level with hers .
te	I	My mouth went dry and my heart sped up .
te	I	It was all uphill , but none of it was more strenuous than hiking .
te	I	None of this did , but it made no sense .
te	I	Since I hadn 't , I just made do with reading , but I could be talking to him right now rather than being bored .
te	I	Wrung her hands in front of her and she grimaced .
te	I	Generally the worse human nature traits generally become and unfortunately the further up the power chain we go all this gets amplified .
te	O	可能是打错了电话，但是我认为这不太可能。
te	I	I was too annoyed with him to ask what the song was , and he was humming again .
te	O	图书馆的门飞快地打开了，并且一位高个子、白发绅士大步走了进来。
te	O	他的表情难以捉摸，但是它不友好。
te	O	最终结果是奶牛是自然死亡的，并且是尸体中腐烂的气体使它们裂开的。
te	I	She wore pearls at her neck , and the dress was of deep green .
te	O	队伍停了下来，并且一个女人说话了。
te	O	到那时她已经失去了大部分口头交流的能力，但是她富有表现力的眼睛却流露出了她对格雷斯的同情。
te	I	I hadn 't noted the date , but I 'd seen the newspaper stories .
te	O	她抬起手准备敲门，但是接着她又把手放下了。
te	I	I 'm staying only just a step ahead , and I 'm still being shot at .
te	I	The lightning kept up , but later on , the rain turned to snow .
te	I	The water crystal clear and the sky was a magnificent blue .
te	I	I let her , helping out where I could and her hands reached down to pull off my shirt .
te	I	The same icy freeze immobilized her , but it was Spencer 's turn to speak next .
te	O	他的眼睛现在非常警觉，并且他的目光正紧盯着我的。
te	O	这超出了杰森所能承受的范围，并且他跌跌撞撞地走开去吐了，他的黑影也紧随其后。
te	I	It made my eyes water , but none of the other students seemed to be affected by it .
te	I	My eyes did a double take when I registered him standing in the open frame and I looked up in the mirror automatically .
te	O	大约十秒钟后门咔嗒一声开了，并且他领我进入一个小的门厅。
te	I	She seems to like it too , and he likes walking .
te	I	She saw his legs moving toward her , and she was staring at the lush carpet .
te	O	那些仍然完好的次级外壳牢牢地固定在飞船的尾部，并且受损的飞船开始解体。
te	I	The lad 's grip on the castle stone was unmovable but his hand rested on Christophe .
te	O	她躲开了，但是刀片却在嵌入地板之前，将椅子高背的顶部横档劈成了碎片。
te	I	Marcus 's return soon pulled my mind elsewhere , and I had no answers about the mystery visitor .
te	O	我试着阅读它，但是我却很难集中精力在故事上。
te	I	It made my voice sharp , and an exasperation wrapped in anger .
te	O	她在那儿看到的那些人影只是隐约熟悉，但是大部分时候，当她走过他们身边时，他们都茫然地盯着她。
te	I	This window still had one , but Andrew had taken the screen off in the main room so he could smoke .
te	I	They didn 't look at each other and they didn 't talk to each other .
te	I	She was no longer feeling quite as charmed , but he was still charming .
te	O	伊丽莎白指向马厩的右侧，并且他们便朝着那个方向冲了过去。
te	I	This time took the door into the main building and they went back in through the storage area where they had arrived .
te	O	她知道阅读别人的私人日记是错误的，但是他罪有应得。
te	I	The rough stone floor dug into her bare feet , and the smoke from the torch made her eyes sting .
te	I	She didn 't seem to be interested , but they had both tried to include her .
te	I	I wasn 't done , but she opened her mouth .
te	I	High school is such a soap opera , but she tried to keep it a secret .
te	O	贾里德看向塞缪尔寻求解释，但是他却不见了。
te	I	She spent the next minutes battling with her sugar mania , and he left .
te	I	She realized what had happened , and his dark hair curled unnaturally at the ends , singed .
te	I	She could barely contain her excitement , and she had no idea what Levi had planned .
te	O	夏至临近了，并且太阳还没有完全落下。
te	O	她所看到的人都看起来像阿米巴原虫，但是她玩得很开心。
te	O	这种野蛮行为愈演愈烈，并且很快桑德拉·梅吉多就开始沉迷于各种堕落行为。
te	I	At least she was reacting , but she seemed agitated .
te	O	食物按公斤出售，并且如果重量不足，顾客就会坚持少付钱。
te	I	My bed doesn 't face an open window , and my sheets aren 't navy blue .
te	O	其中一名看门人打开了它们，并且一股凉爽——带着人体寒意的微风吹了进来。
te	I	It was going to be under military custody , but using their Imps to get found was the easiest way to get out of the city .
te	O	每个人理论上都知道，但是恐惧仍然在一些人心中高涨。
te	I	She stared hard at the human body before her and he finally walked over to her .
te	O	她的眉毛微微扬起，并且她对我小幅度地点了点头，当我转向车厢门，拉着米克的时候。
te	O	我忍住了咒骂，但是损害已经造成了。
te	I	The death wish was clearly gone but he cut himself , yes , .
te	O	你会觉得这很无聊，但是我乐在其中。
te	I	They are greedy ones , but they may be barbarians .
te	I	It was Clara but she had her back turned to me .
te	O	我不认为和他们说话是个好主意，但是我也不认为我有很多选择。
te	O	他们聊了几分钟其他事情，并且当海莉告辞时，内尔也道了晚安。
te	I	I couldn 't help myself , but I should have walked away .
te	O	门裂开一条缝，并且一张男人的脸从那条小缝里探了出来。
te	I	She would not sleep this night , but she was exhausted to the bone .
te	O	确实，他不能信任西迪厄斯，但是他又怎能挑战银河系有史以来最强大的三位原力使用者呢？
te	O	他扫视了所有人，身体缓慢摇摆着，并且他伸出了手。
te	O	他必须把她从脑中抹去，并且他已经确定了唯一的办法来做到这一点——和她发生性关系。
te	I	They spent their last moments watching their own blood gush on to the stone of the courtyard and their throats were cut .
te	O	利奇先生看起来很生气，但是本知道他不得不买下它。
te	O	她真诚地、深深地、最深刻地爱着他。
te	I	I ran a finger down my skin and something warm trickled down my neck .
te	I	He gave me a grin and I looked over at Owen .
te	I	She was way ahead of me and somehow she was able to just sail right across it .
te	O	约瑟夫仔细聆听着，并且最终很明显，比彻姆夫人帮不上什么大忙。
te	O	米勒穿过大门走进宽敞的等候室，并且麦克布莱德正坐在附近的一个座位上向他挥手。
te	I	I stepped inside and he unlocked a cell door .
te	O	我认识她时间不长，但是她是一位善良的女士。
te	I	It wound up sounding kind of creepy , but he 'd hoped the gangster imitation would give him some confidence .
te	O	之前战斗的疼痛追上了他，并且他慢慢地跟着科迪进了山洞。
te	O	他们靠得很近，并且都发出嗡嗡声。
te	I	Peter promised investors 15 % , and the industry average growth was around 8 % .
te	I	Now her smile came from her heart , and as she would herself , Sorcha thought .
te	I	She felt the arousal pressed into her core and she gasped in his mouth , as her body connected with his .
te	I	It has to be now , but we only want to help you .
te	I	When she walked into their dorm room , he thought he was seeing a living angel , and she 'd accompanied her parents when Jake moved in .
te	I	She craved ... and one kiss .
te	I	They are bloodless , so we sealed the magic with our own blood , but we used the jellyfish itself .
te	I	His silence told me my feelings weren 't returned , but each moment that passed made me want him more .
te	I	They both smiled , and she met Laurel 's eye .
te	O	甚至尝试跳过它们的想法都吓到我了，并且下面的网也根本无法让我平静下来。
te	I	Her desire to have him inside her grew , and a trickle of moisture settled between her legs .
te	I	William nodded to let her continue but Melinda went to stop her .
te	I	They were waiting for me to return and they had saved their mustering out pay .
te	I	He had to manage , but his foot ached even more painfully now having let it rest .
te	O	他把我放到地上，并且我一下子又站了起来。
te	O	花瓶里的一小部分内容物仍然留在容器内，但是维也纳似乎没有注意到这一点。
te	I	You still don 't deserve me and you 're still a rich asshole .
te	O	愿女神帮助我，但是我确实如此。
te	O	女服务员送来了他们的餐点，并且他们都开始吃了。
te	I	His eyes went wide and his jaw dropped open .
te	O	那少女打开了病患入口，并且一个活泼的红矮人走进了等候室。
te	I	He hoped that she didn 't have other broken bones as well , and he was afraid her ankle was at least cracked if not broken .
te	O	她身后有声音，并且克莱尔竖起耳朵听是谁在说话。
te	O	我仍然不相信她，但是我很好奇。
te	O	他们中有些人很感激被告知，正是这些小事才能让你崩溃，并且有些人则不然。
te	O	我直到回到它身边才知道它对我有多重要，并且现在我们要失去它了。
te	O	走廊里只有我们两个人，并且我不得不怀疑我们是不是正在被考验。
te	O	本吉察觉到了，并且他的笑容消失了。
te	I	It didn 't reach her eyes , but she smiled .
te	O	他不是为了说话而说话，但是这次他的沉默却有所不同。
te	I	Made of a stone that might have been obsidian , and the disk was thin , tapering toward its outer edges .
te	O	她的笑容和我的一样悲伤，但是此刻，我没有精力去振作我们俩。
te	I	Then Kincaid waved it away with one hand , but his last statement was met with a pause .
te	O	她呜咽着，那声音点燃了他的渴望，并且他将一只手撑在她肩上，凝视着她美丽的眼睛，同时深深入地挺进。
te	I	I turned to Missy , giving her hand a squeeze and the driver pulled up to the entrance of the hospital .
te	O	他甚至不太确定自己是否在有意识地控制这条路，但是他的每一个部分都在沿着它走。
te	O	我的家人认为我疯了，并且到这个时候，我可能真的疯了。
te	I	I stepped in behind her and she flung the door wide .
te	I	His eyes bulged out and he took one look at me .
te	O	她认为外面有生命，但是亲眼看到它却令人震惊。
te	O	芬德的手发出光芒，并且狼群出现在其中。
te	O	他们经过了一面长镜子，并且汉娜凝视着自己的倒影。
te	I	For some reason Romano decided to take charge , but apparently Mario set up the deal .
te	O	公交车在弹簧上轻轻摇晃了一下，但是那就是全部了。
te	O	我的大脑可能有些混乱，但是它并非完全没用。
te	O	她希望事情能像那样简单，但是事实并非如此。
te	O	罗宾把衣服塞了进去，然后把那块木头举到它原来所在的地方，并且轮廓又重新闪耀出生命的光芒。
te	I	On both visits , Molly had sensed that Mama was glad to leave , and he was Mama 's brother .
te	O	伴侣纽带温暖着他，并且疼痛稍稍减轻了一点。
te	I	She found that she liked it better , but it was a hard attitude .
te	I	My mom doesn 't seem to care , but I think I hear a jar break .
te	I	The gleaming yellow eyes told me of my mistake , but I took it to be a wolf at first .
te	I	At least she would not crawl , but she might walk out the door .
te	I	She caught all the signs of excitement shudder through his body at the thought of letting her lead , and his true nature won .
te	O	她让她想起了她小时候的弟弟，并且这让她感受到了她从未记得有过的幸福光芒。
te	O	他呼吸顺畅，并且他的气色很好。
te	O	我的眉毛扬了起来，并且我笑了。
te	I	He would have taken care of their land and he would have let them stay in the house until they were gone .
te	I	He didn 't know what else to do , but this might be the wrong decision , leaving her .
te	I	I acted without thinking and well , so was I .
te	O	在前厅里，几颗头颅朝她抬了起来，但是她已经无暇顾及了。
te	O	很快天色就暗到无法看清我的计时器设置了，但是我仍然继续练习，直到我的眼睛开始下垂。
te	O	她没有同意，但是她也没有否认。
te	O	他用嘴含住了一个绷紧的尖端，并且她不只是一声叹息。
te	O	细细的血丝从我的鼻子里流出，并且即使我在乎，我也无能为力。
te	O	她推搡着他，但是他不肯放手。
te	I	The robe dragged heavily along the rubber floor , and his feet kept coming loose from the strings .
te	I	She wasn 't going to pull back , not now , but seeing that made Skye 's heart ache for them .
te	O	我不知道她那是什么意思，但是我的胃扭成一团。
te	I	She didn 't dare believe ever again , yet she wanted reassurance .
te	I	He didn 't answer , but I muttered , under my breath .
te	O	卡勒姆的声音穿透了我的思绪，并且我惊讶地看向他。
te	I	He never flinched , and he knew who you were .
te	I	His thumb traced my belly along the top of my underwear , and his fingers fell to the top of my panties .
te	O	我们回家路上会买汉堡包，并且我会把你们两个都送到我家。
te	I	She fumbled for the waistband of his jeans and his excitement fed hers .
te	O	她永远不会承认，但是他揭穿了她。
te	O	给我细节，并且我会审查它们。
te	O	艾什试图将车开离道路，但是他开得太快了。
te	I	It didn 't happen , but Michael braced himself , wondering if that awful screech would come next .
te	O	这里非常宜人，并且我确定皮卡德很快会为你找到时间。
te	O	这是一种他过去曾使用数百次的技术，并且它现在和以前一样成功。
te	O	我深吸了一口气，但是那些愚蠢的眼泪还是不停地流。
te	I	I want to close my ears , and my brain is split by the siren .
te	O	水花溅起，带来令人迷失方向的冲击，并且丹尼斯猛地坐直，抓挠着地面。
te	O	我习惯了奈特试图浪漫，并且这对我来说有点过了。
te	O	我的声音随着每个字而变大，并且我以一声大喊结束。
te	I	You 're not taking it and you have an easy out .
te	I	He bugged the coach every day and Tuck was in the same boat .
te	O	座椅是桶式风格，所以我几乎看不到仪表盘，但是他坐在方向盘后面正好。
te	I	She didn 't try to fight , but her voice cracked .
te	I	I decided to let it go , but she was obviously lying .
te	O	燃料在上层社会很难获得，并且他们不能使用我们用的那种未经许可的自制油。
te	I	I smiled at the scene , and she didn 't lean away .
te	O	他看起来比昨天好了一百倍，并且他不再咳嗽了。
te	O	他已经有一次感染了，并且她很确定人类咬伤和动物咬伤一样糟糕，甚至可能更糟。
te	O	我知道他在我的一个班级里，但是我们从未说过话。
te	I	There was no one there ... but I blinked , sure I was seeing things .
te	I	He was fine , thank god , but my fingers searched for any cuts .
te	O	堪萨斯州却是平坦的，并且在晴朗的秋日空气中，一条尾巴不需要很近就能跟着他。
te	O	他的手指勾住我内裤的顶部，并且他开始把它们拉到我的膝盖。
te	I	Apparently Frank was too , and I was OK with that .
te	I	He watched me with a heavy stare and his arms were crossed over his chest .
te	I	I could use it to dial 9-1-1 and maybe they would drop their cell phone .
te	O	我不知道你是怎么进来的，并且我现在真的不在乎。
te	O	她的直觉从一开始就告诉她这一点，并且她的直觉是她唯一可以依靠的。
te	I	Jase wasn 't sure how he felt about this , and the image staring back at him looked more like thirty than forty .
te	O	麦迪又在亲吻他的脖子，并且杰克闭上了眼睛。
te	I	She didn 't seem to want to have anything to do with me , but all I knew was that I wanted to hold her hand again .
te	O	这个女孩做了她该做的来自卫，并且现在她在这里腐烂，因为某个混蛋的家人有关系。
te	I	Then she slowly reached her right hand up to touch her cheek , and Cindy remained frozen for another moment .
te	O	我身处一个满是尖刺的该死的洞穴深处，并且我看不见。
te	I	He stood up respectfully as Lily went by , but Rudi 's voice was laconic .
te	I	Lady Selina would not be swayed , but for myself , I would have welcomed being set free from my responsibilities as prince of the clan .
te	I	I wondered why and he looked absolutely confident in his boast ?
te	I	Eventually I realized I liked her too much to stay away , but it may have taken a few days .
te	I	He was astonished that he hadn 't recognized it earlier , and because he did love her .
te	O	在这种时候火气很容易上来，并且我的话语就脱口而出了。
te	I	The chair began to rock and the ripples in the water grew .
te	I	As soon as he was outside he ran towards an elevator nearby and Jackson limped out the door .
te	I	Music drifts through the room , and he adjusts a dial .
te	I	He barely felt the pain but his neck was sliced open as its fangs tore through his flesh .
te	O	丝带状况很差，但是琳达已经把奖章清理干净了。
te	I	Their faces foretold of the inherent evil running in their veins but the cave dwellers were extremely handsome .
te	I	Craddock could help them and he hoped to hell that Vale was right .
te	O	它一入口就灼烧着我的喉咙，并且它下肚时那种冲劲让我感到畏缩。
te	O	我想我有过，但是我并非军人。
te	O	他的手托着我的后脑勺，并且他用愤怒的眼神盯着我。
te	I	Its strength was fading , but the demon was powerful .
te	O	当我们走出谷仓时，我从倒下的士兵身上取走武器，并且我们走下楼梯。
te	O	这是春天的开始，并且亚历山大的空气很冷。
te	O	今晚我在舞会上出了洋相，并且我再也无法摆脱这份耻辱了。
te	I	Kylie walked out together , and * * * Miranda , Del a .
te	I	Her face fell , and Julianne poked her head in .
te	O	他感觉大脑开始发热，并且他努力集中注意力在守卫身上。
te	I	A grin curves at his lips and his eyes open .
te	O	她是个作弊者，并且这场比赛被操纵了。
te	I	You can 't say no , but yes , it 's hard .
te	I	Another part of her was terrified to find out , but part of her wanted to see who the man was .
te	O	我爱我的亡妻，正如我知道你爱你的亡夫一样，并且我绝不会要求取代他。
te	I	Still looking at the picture walked out of the morgue and Jo turned .
te	O	我想和艾琳出去玩，但是我每晚都见到她。
te	O	他因被落在咖啡馆外受冻而有些闷闷不乐，但是他也感到非常兴奋。
te	O	很快她便来到了山顶的一片空地，并且那真是一幅美妙的景象。
te	I	It did and she began to spin onto herself so that the wave could spread .
te	O	十八岁生日不像我小时候想象的那么激动人心，但是发生了一些很酷的事情。
te	I	It was clear by the look in her eyes that she wasn 't really around with us , but we all looked at her in surprise .
te	O	当酒吧的饮品服务员来到桌边时，曼迪选择了一杯健怡汽水，并且巴迪点了一杯柠檬冰茶。
te	I	In the end , he needed to be inside her too much , but he gritted his teeth in an effort to hold back .
te	O	我爸爸的解决方案是，在他离开期间让摄像头记录下发生的一切，并且他可以在网上查看视频。
te	I	Daniel was having a field day just watching her , and she pushed all the buttons .
te	O	布林德带着他走了另一条路回房间，但是这条路线没有揭示任何重要的东西。
te	O	鲜血喷涌而出，并且他用血在手上画了一个五角星。
te	O	他需要不停地在纸片上涂写，并且每一张废纸都很重要。
te	O	那个家伙心怀怨恨，并且我受够了活在他的阴影下。
te	O	杰弗里的信息已经足够直接了，但是瑞克经常想知道以利亚还从哪里获取信息。
te	I	Humans were none the wiser , and these beasts were out there .
te	I	Papa would never let her hear the end of it if he learned of this , but it was bad enough that she 'd danced with him .
te	I	He had scratches on the side of his face , and the guy 's lip was bleeding .
te	I	He just pressed on , but my mouth went dry .
te	I	I blurt it out and a thought hits me .
te	I	He didn 't care anymore so instead he looked away , but Dever tried to hide his frown .
te	I	It had not flustered the Whisper , but this was something alarming to us .
te	O	她的指甲陷得更深，割破了皮肤，并且他差点因为那强烈的刺痛而呻吟。
te	I	His unmistakable presence was absent , but the cord was still there .
te	I	He didn 't attack again , but he leveled Devon with a fierce glare as he rubbed his bruised throat .
te	O	他把玻璃杯掉在地板上，并且它碎了。
te	I	She finally realized that my hands had been freed and I froze .
te	I	Cricket bounds easily onto our driveway , but I grip his arm in horror .
te	O	是的，我只凭气味就知道他和另外几个人在那里。
te	O	格雷戈里将从远处监测她的心脏，并且我将看护婴儿。
te	O	莉莉残忍，心地极其歹毒，并且我再也受不了了。
te	I	He takes his nature from my family , but he looks like his father .
te	I	They were again free and Heather was sleeping well after learning that Betty had heard Edna .
te	I	My mind wanders as I catch a glimpse at her ass , and it 's not leaving a whole hell of a lot to the imagination .
te	O	我因他的关注而笑了，并且阿什琳也对他咧嘴笑了。
te	O	冰镇啤酒很对味，并且玉米片在体育赛事时总是更好吃。
te	I	He almost overextended his arm to catch it , and it cost him the precious second he needed to snag the ball .
te	O	他看不见她在哪里，但是他能感觉到这么多。
te	I	All that is raindrops falling into a furnace , but I scold myself , remind myself she 's my brother 's wife .
te	O	他走过他的房间，并且我努力呼吸。
te	O	男人们找到许多不同的方法来应对压力，并且这个男人正牢牢地把握着他的职责。
te	O	我在最后一刻想起我的花，并且我挣脱开去抓住它们。
te	O	帕洛米诺马是天然棕色的，并且我晒得很黑。
te	I	They are waiting to see which one is revealed to be the strongest and they are watching .
te	I	I still wanted him to be aware what was going on , but it wasn 't football season .
te	O	没有任何灵魂能越过我们的门槛，然而一个却做到了。
te	I	She did not try to avoid the question , but her lined face stilled , her eyes on some distant memory .
te	O	有些人没那么友善，但是奥斯汀可以应付他们。
te	O	蕾在周五我告诉她发生什么事时曾祝我工作顺利，但是她显得异常沉默。
te	I	I made our way across the clearing before us and the girls stayed crouched behind the wall as Bull .
te	O	她是个坚强的老妇人，并且她会过得很好。
te	I	I immediately know why and his shoulders hunch .
te	I	Then his mouth was moving down my neck , his lips brushing across my collarbone , but Tripp kissed my mouth again .
te	I	Whatever game she was playing , Trenton wasn 't having it , and we were both exhausted .
te	O	星光点缀着夜空，并且一弯新月被云层部分遮蔽。
te	I	Scraps lay all about the torn up linoleum floor and dirty yellow paint is peeling off the ceilings .
te	O	她没有收到纳森关于跟踪者邮件的回复，并且她不确定自己还要等多久。
te	I	She softened , and he leaned closer to her .
te	I	George knew this as well as she did , but the potential for good was very high .
te	I	It 'll be granted and he 'll seek vengeance .
te	O	她的头发并不沉闷，但是与同事的头发相比，它确实显得如此。
te	O	我完成时已是秋天，并且随后一个晚上我完成了最后一个扣子。
te	I	She obeys still and she has obeyed the first half of the journey .
te	I	The system wouldn 't allow it , but michaels had tried to .
te	O	我希望这能发生，但是有些东西仍然在阻碍我。
te	I	Then he would finally sleep , and half an hour of work , then he would enter the last of the data into Snow White .
te	O	我们从未公开承认卢卡斯做了什么，或者我被迫反击的方式。
te	I	Aquarius stepped out of the building and just then the office door swung open .
te	I	Worse , maybe he was a terrorist ... or maybe they thought he was a terrorist .
te	O	当她在城里一个白色、消毒过的房间里睡觉时，大卫和我独自在家度过了漫长的夜晚。
te	I	Soon I will be able to use it freely , like the humans , but it burns me now .
te	I	I turn my head , and there is a groan behind me .
te	I	He 'd be damned if he ever gave her up , and Jamie knew exactly what he wanted , too .
te	O	詹姆斯试图回忆起和他一起钓鱼的情景，但是在他心中，詹姆斯身旁的船上，却是一个蜡笔画的纸人。
te	O	医生说这是正常的，过敏会随着成长而消退，并且问题会消失。
te	O	奥利维亚知道一些卡梅伦不知道的事，但是她却一直不敢告诉他。
te	O	他们握手，并且京都鞠躬。
te	I	Surely a man couldn 't fall asleep that fast , but he didn 't stir .
te	I	For Rover , the stray dog she 'd adopted and Rose Harbor Inn had become her sanctuary , a safe harbor for her .
te	O	我知道这把匕首的存在，但是仅此而已。
te	I	I stayed at La Bahia , but he went back to Bexar .
te	I	I wasn 't in the mood to sugarcoat my mood with pretty words , but it was crude .
te	O	我认为我可以用思想来娱乐自己，但是思考却让我不安。
te	O	她不想惊吓自己，但是却好像有男人盯着她看。
te	O	你的邻居从他们自己家里都能听到尖叫声和抓挠声。
te	I	A doctor turns in his chair to see me and I push open the door of a small room .
te	O	她看着他扭曲的脸上那种兽性的欲望，并且她处境的恐惧在她内心膨胀起来。
te	I	This seemed different , but he had never had problems in tight spaces , even once went on his belly thorough a passage in a cave .
te	O	我一直都知道你是我的伴侣，并且你阻止了我。
te	O	片刻之后他父亲带着相机走进厨房，并且他把它放在桌子上。
te	I	There wasn 't much he could do , but Sanderson didn 't appear too pleased with the situation .
te	O	房间已经变暗了，并且我点燃了一支孤零零的蜡烛。
te	I	He needed your help , and you realized he was telling the truth .
te	O	他们可能不会，并且我被诱惑了。
te	O	那在过去的几天里也一直是我的朋友，但是它也帮不了我，除非我射杀杰克。
te	O	噪音震耳欲聋，但是它奏效了。
te	O	这是绅士之举，并且我不会认为这是理所当然的。
te	I	She sucked and her lips closed around the broad tip .
te	I	Grace could still see her inner turmoil , but Aphrodite 's gaze fell to the floor .
te	O	现在差不多两点了，而且那太远了，埃迪无法将她保持在视线之内。
te	O	她把手伸进他的衬衫里，并且他用牙齿轻擦她的一个乳头。
te	O	他紧随其后，而且他一直待在那里，直到她手中拿着电话。
te	O	我们进入一部电梯，而且普鲁塔克检查着他的笔记。
te	I	I knew that was the only way , but I felt bad for ignoring her .
te	I	Within minutes the tangy odor of the liniment nearly took his breath away , and the horse stall was small .
te	O	床因凯登的重量而下陷，而且我感觉到他在拉扯被子。
te	O	阿里点头表示认可，并且汉娜如释重负地笑了。
te	O	问题是，我确实如此，但是恐惧已经改变了。
te	I	The tinted windows make it difficult to see inside , but I glance to where the van is parked .
te	O	然后她认出了其中一个声音，并且意识涌遍了她的全身。
te	O	她走进来时他没有抬头，但是她能看到他的肩膀微微绷紧。
te	O	他的脸上毫无表情，但是她仿佛看到他的眼中有一团火。
te	I	He 'd recognize it anywhere , but the hair didn 't have her scent .
te	O	守卫们不喜欢这样，但是他们知道不能和我们所有人争吵。
te	O	我的心又加速跳动了，并且我前臂上的皮肤感到刺痛。
te	I	I don 't give a shit but everyone 's looking at me .
te	I	I could finally see the other bed , and they parted like a curtain of flesh .
te	I	The others caught her shoulder , sending her to the ground , but one set of knuckles passed over her .
te	I	Steve continued and Dave nodded .
te	I	He takes off my blindfold then smiles down at me , and we lay together .
te	O	皮特看了他的手下们一眼，并且他们就扑了上去。
te	I	His jaw is hanging open and his eyes are too big .
te	O	她锁上了门，但是却根本没有必要。
te	O	大部分船员已经昏倒在各自的铺位上，并且几个男人正在大声打鼾。
te	O	那让她脸色发白，但是她没有扔掉它。
te	O	他迟钝地注意到，水流下降的速度对于坡度来说似乎慢了一点，但是他太累了，无法对此进行推测。
te	I	Having calmed his demeanour in advance , was already prepared to reassure his two younger brothers , and Stern reflected on his thoughts for a moment .
te	I	I didn 't notice the snow under my feet and I didn 't feel how cold it was .
te	I	I can 't call right now , but I want to hear your voice .
te	I	My father wasn 't , and why she was there .
te	I	The irony of that was not lost on me , and I felt safe in Gideon 's arms .
te	I	He knew what I was , and Calhoun recognized my name .
te	I	His best guess was that he could escape with about $ 80,000 , and he studied the numbers .
te	O	肾上腺素开始渗入我的血液，并且我默默祈祷以赛亚能大步走回门内。
te	I	It would allow him some companionship , and if nothing else Adam was the same age as Peter .
te	O	我妹妹回答同样的问题只用了不到十秒钟，并且随后我妈妈溜出了房间。
te	O	他检查了高原周围的悬崖顶部，但是暴风雨中什么也看不清。
te	I	Huge chunks of his body had been ripped away , and one of his legs was shattered .
te	I	Their grades were very good , and there was only one month left before the end of the year .
te	I	Dissident always has me bring him by some of the finest and I fly by there on occasion .
te	O	我确信这只是我的想象，但是我发誓我能听到翅膀的沙沙声。
te	I	The dress will just get dirty , most likely , and I will be keeping watch over his Majesty during his vigil .
te	I	Shorty clogged away towards the cash counter to get a bottle of black polish , and Abe returned his nod .
te	I	Maybe we could have worked through it , and that would have been bad enough .
te	O	满足了口渴之后，她仔细聆听，但是一切都很安静。
te	I	I 've seen him deduce amazing things , and I 've known Cal since grade school .
te	I	The crease of concern between my mother 's eyebrows doesn 't fade , but the customer waiting at the counter is watching us .
te	O	他搜查了梳妆台的顶部，但是水晶不见了。
te	I	She had to admit he had become a good friend , and she realized she had included Ryan in her thoughts .
te	I	It distracts me from making the dream show where she 's at , and she throws up some obstacle for me to fight against .
te	O	贝拉的眼睛转动了，并且那个陌生人转过身。
te	I	I like The Geezer , and I like our dorm .
te	I	My emotions coursed through me in waves , and the dam around my heart was gone .
te	I	Seth starts texting on his phone while Luke stares out at the beach to the side of us and it goes silent again .
te	I	I back away from the door , uncertain of what to do with myself , and I do hear the footsteps however .
te	I	There will be a lot of work ahead of us for the next several years , but I am honored we were awarded this contract .
te	I	I should say Len was the one different from his family members , or the two looked completely different .
te	I	I 'd had it since I was a baby , but it was a scruffy grey bear , nothing special .
te	O	我问了，并且她把我赶到桌边的一个座位上。
te	I	The passenger window shattered and he bent down to retrieve binoculars .
te	O	我是你的一部分，而且你是我的一部分。
te	I	Group sex was way out her comfort zone , but she loved him .
te	O	金再次尝试越过他，但是他把她推了回去。
te	O	我向卡洛斯提到了这件事，并且他笑了。
te	I	Closing his eyes worsened the effect , but he covered his eyes to try to block out the shooting stars coming at him like missiles .
te	I	Two boys were absent on that day , and there were 19 boys in our class .
te	I	Jack swatted my fingers away , but I reached for the lid .
te	O	全体船员都回来了，并且他们在一个中央火堆旁乱转。
te	O	她感受到了很多事情，但是好的状态却不是其中之一。
te	O	我的膝盖发软了，并且我靠在了泽维尔身上，他已经在我身边给我支撑。
te	O	他们都急忙效仿，并且我挥手让他们停下。
te	I	You didn 't do anything wrong and it was a long time ago .
te	I	If she did , he needed to be in control of his hunger , but he was certain Elena would never return to the dungeon .
te	O	随着上午的进行，我不确定那是否是我的想象，但是看起来人们都在奇怪地看着我。
te	I	Maya suddenly realized she was crying , and Tara put a comforting hand on Maya 's shoulder .
te	I	I decided to ask her something that had been bugging me all day and the CD player cued up one of those gooey songs by the Cure .
te	I	There was something about him that gave her pause , but his expression hadn 't changed .
te	O	这让人感到关怀，并且我想要那样。
te	O	另一位妈妈正要去接他们，但是这会给夏洛特一个方便的借口赶紧回家。
te	I	She stands straighter , so she seems taller , but she is about as tall as I am .
te	O	他试图去找你，但是为时已晚。
te	I	They were on both arms , as well as my neck and the crescent-shaped marks were a pain to hide .
te	O	萨曼莎的脸似乎变得僵硬，并且她挣扎着跪立起来。
te	I	I decided I didn 't really want any more apples , and then I thought about putting some more apples into the shopping cart .
te	O	他本应该两天后回来，并且我不确定我是否准备好面对他。
te	I	His eyes widened and his voice rose .
te	O	在他情绪激动时，他可以相信任何事，并且宫里所有人都比他更了解我们这些女孩的生活。
te	O	这吓到了她，但是她因此感到更安全了。
te	I	Everything about Rina screamed pleasure , and his gut told him not to mix business with pleasure .
te	I	Goodwill is SO much cheaper than the mall , but it 's not like I 'm really poor .
te	O	我们登顶了，但是艾丽西亚已经跟在我们后面爬上去了。
te	I	The cub backs up into a crouch position , and another wave washes in .
te	O	布拉德利张开嘴准备继续说，但是他们把车开到了另一家他的家人住的酒店旁边。
te	O	我到了车旁边，但是科尔在驾驶员侧门前坚守阵地。
te	O	她所有的朋友都有兄弟姐妹，但是她却很突出。
te	O	我不知道现在几点了，但是詹妮弗必须在宵禁前回家。
te	I	Her new shoes had been merciless and her feet still ached from standing so long .
te	O	它听起来太吓人了，以至于我全身起了鸡皮疙瘩，而且我的膝盖也感觉怪怪的。
te	O	战斗结束了，并且他活了下来。
te	O	她正凝视着房间对面，并且甚至在克莱瑞转头之前，她就知道她母亲在看什么。
te	I	The three women sat back in their chairs in silence , and there was a combined sigh .
te	O	我自己的焦虑加剧了它，并且让我让那种不安感掌控自己是很危险的。
te	I	There is no answer and I try my house .
te	I	Anne scooted over allowing the other two women to enter the car and the rear door opened .
te	O	她伸出手，并且他握住了。
te	I	She found her focus and gradually the anxiety melted away .
te	O	司机从后视镜里瞥了我一眼，并且我好奇他过着什么样的生活。
te	O	他是高年级学生，并且我是二年级学生。
te	O	我的心跳了一下，并且放松缓解了我肩膀上一些紧张的肌肉。
te	I	I knew he was there to kill me , and I saw the blood still dripping on the blade .
te	I	He nods none-the-less , but he looks even more confused .
te	I	Her skin dampened and her breaths shortened .
te	O	他带有年轻人特有的微妙之处，但是他残酷的战斗经历却印刻在他的脸上。
te	I	For a moment both accountants silently lamented the waste of hard-earned money , and Luther said .
te	I	She deserved to be freed , and she was the true hero , much more so then he himself was .
te	O	我们就要结束了，并且时间不多了。
te	O	一切都总是欠他的，并且从来没有任何后果，至少对他来说没有。
te	O	那是一幅城市景观，并且我不得不承认它比一艘船更符合巴黎这座城市的形象。
te	I	Angie could get some footage with both cameras without bringing attention to themselves by her riding his shoulders again and Preston was hoping he .
te	O	颜色不对，并且它闪烁着，而不是摇曳着。
te	I	I could see Emma 's heart breaking as she told it , and that was a lie , of course .
te	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且脉搏在他所变成的那个男人面前加速了。
te	I	His hands were dug into his pockets , and his bag was slung over one shoulder .
te	O	斩杀不死生物是份肮脏的活，但是总得有人做。
te	O	昨天，我们重复了规则，只有两个人决定离开，并且那是在他们对项目一无所知之前。
te	I	John was too fast , but he tried countering with a kick .
te	I	Yet Arn did not speak and there was much to say .
te	O	四百多名残忍武装精良的暴徒，并且他们听命于他。
te	I	She was suddenly apprehensive and there was delight in his eyes .
te	O	传来一声爆裂声，并且接着手电筒熄灭了。
te	O	他们身上披着些破烂不堪的衣服，但是她能看到他们的身体不仅仅是由血肉组成的。
te	I	Duke Henry was less credulous but Lady Katherine gasped in horror .
te	I	This time it was seething inside me to the core , but it was a feeling I thought I was used to .
te	I	He pointed at the picture from my yearbook , and Denver brought it up .
te	I	Then I 'll call you back , and I 'm calling the hospitals .
te	I	If I listen really closely I can hear the scratching of a pencil across paper and he stops talking .
te	I	We 'd never had reason to visit , but I had seen the sign for it .
te	O	你很漂亮，并且你闻起来很香。
te	I	Her position was being wound up immediately and she was going to be made redundant .
te	I	They know we 're getting closer and it 's as though my legs have a mind of their own .
te	O	这些服装需要大量的婴儿爽身粉才能穿上，并且它们不幸地很容易沿着接缝裂开。
te	O	埃文在车库门旁等着，并且他警告我们要安静。
te	I	The boy only knew any truth because of him , and he was the only one Josiah felt he really knew .
te	O	我告诉她我儿子得了流感，并且她说她祖母正在从小中风中恢复。
te	O	那里有一张至少能坐十六人的餐桌，并且我能闻到空气中新鲜花朵的香味。
te	O	你本可以告诉局长所有被省略的事情，但是你没有。
te	I	An hour later he reached the outskirts of Manhattan , but the driving was slow going .
te	O	就像我与他共度的每一个时刻，我希望它能持续到永远，但是歌曲结束了。
te	O	我想成为一名妻子，并且我想成为一名母亲。
te	O	他犀利的目光旨在恐吓，但是就她而言，这是个不容谈判的问题。
te	O	他伸手去触碰她，并且尽管她躲开了，但他敢发誓比以前躲得少了。
te	I	I thought it was better that I collect Claudia myself , but Rick wanted to come with me .
te	O	我对杀戮的期待增加了，并且我握紧了我的枪。
te	I	The man on the other side of my door was actually worse than Marshall , but I 'd never have thought it was possible .
te	O	她比我取得更好的成绩，但是我想她为此付出了努力。
te	O	绝对权力导致绝对腐败，他曾对她打趣道，然而他却用行动一再证明并非如此。
te	I	They 'd made plenty of deadly enemies , but Claire didn 't exactly know what those three men had done when they were in the military .
te	I	I had no idea what her maiden name was , but she probably wasn 't going by Mrs. Coleman anymore .
te	O	这花了一段时间，但是她确实回来了。
te	I	The hordes of people began to disperse and after a while the shops began to close .
te	I	This time his voice fell to a whisper and Ned cleared his throat .
te	O	主要的争论将他们明确地分成了三个可预测的亚群；支持、反对和不愿决定。
te	I	She had a really crummy punch , but she wanted to swing at him .
te	O	他的脸色已经恢复了，并且他在床上坐起来更多了。
te	O	我确实有他的钱，并且我对此很感激。
te	O	我在你西边，并且我身边有一个巨魔孩子。
te	O	也许她曾经有过，但是现在，今天，那里似乎根本没有性张力。
te	I	He would have killed her anyways but the abortion was selfish .
te	O	贾里德的眼睛紧绷着，并且瑞安微微向前倾。
te	O	伊丽莎白在船上，并且维罗妮卡会担心的。
te	I	For some reason at the mention of it he did feel hungry but Food would have been furthest from his mind in his current condition .
te	O	我给我的声音增添了一丝戏谑，但是事实是我很想知道。
te	I	Michael drew away before he could touch him , but he leant forward to pat Michael 's arm .
te	O	我看到一丝担忧掠过伊丽莎白的脸，并且我感到了同样的警觉。
te	I	Lying on a bed with silken sheets but she was no longer in the earth .
te	O	他打掉了她手中的刀，并且她听到它击中了几英尺外的墙。
te	O	是的，她一直牵着他的手，但是这并不一定意味着她对他有任何不同的感觉。
te	I	I twisted toward Carson , burrowing my face against his chest , and a tremble ran through my body .
te	O	它感觉如此沉重，并且我感觉如此无法移动。
te	I	Sometimes it was still sore for him , but the cast had come off a month ago .
te	I	I ignored him , but Mr. Green coughed .
te	O	我们俩都有课，但是我们翘课去录她的口供。
te	I	I like it , and you 've been a little different the last few days .
te	I	The windows were tinted black and the car had no license plate .
te	O	在苏联时期我们没有钱，但是人们更知足。
te	O	我并不是真的想帮忙，但是我想我应该这么做。
te	I	Helen had no idea where his household staff had stored her underwear but she had outer clothes .
te	O	在那个时候它看起来还很遥远，但是凯尔觉得他别无选择。
te	I	Jason saw Talon suddenly look his way , frowning , and the other soldiers stared down at it in shock .
te	O	在周末能有点居家时间总是好的，但是我迫不及待地想告诉布兰登我与沃辛顿先生的相遇。
te	O	他觉得他做错了什么，但是她从未对他大喊大叫。
te	I	Jax just grinned at me , and Sadie ducked her head .
te	O	他才回家一天，而且嫉妒就已经开始折磨她了。
te	O	我又盯着山羊人看，但是他没有看我。
te	O	他们俩本来就是好舞者，而且在一起的时候，他们很有趣值得观看。
te	O	她遇到了一些麻烦，而且我只是想帮助她。
te	I	I could already feel my face flame , and Micah 's gaze dropped to my mouth .
te	O	在她看来，她父亲和埃斯特之间可能有点浪漫关系。
te	O	他又租了一晚房间，但是我不能确定我们是否能超越昨晚。
te	I	A few minutes later he looked up from the screen and the General sat down at his computer .
te	I	The battle began in earnest and the gate was in disarray .
te	I	I sighed and his lips landed on mine softly .
te	I	You will make Leo 's life stressful and you will not get far .
te	I	I still caught the way his ears reddened , but he said it matter-of-factly .
te	O	她只是个死沉的负担，而且只有在我挣扎离开后，我才意识到我听到了枪声。
te	O	他把手伸向我的脸，他的拇指拂过我的脸颊，并且在我来不及阻止他之前，他的嘴唇就贴上了我的。
te	O	他的手指很快僵硬起来，并且他的手开始抽痛。
te	O	他们做到了，并且她俯身在担架上。
te	I	She didn 't know what to say now , but at least then it would turn into a wrestle of wills .
te	O	这些事件并非由鬼魂引起，但是人们却开始责怪这些幻影。
te	I	She 'd never found him particularly cold , but sure , she 'd heard the whispers that the guy was supposed to bleed ice water .
te	O	于是我当然就问是谁，并且他说：“谁都行。”
te	O	他们都是好人，而且他们为你担心。
te	O	我用手背捂着嘴，努力想忍住不笑，但是还是忍不住笑了一声。
te	O	杰西勤勉地寻找每一段记忆，并且他将它们按顺序排列。
te	O	根据尼克说，她存在，但是他无法再查到任何关于她的信息，这让他抓狂了。
te	O	我不太可能同意我母亲被强制收治，但是他不需要知道这一点。
te	O	我的声音很平淡，并且没有任何情感流露。
te	I	If I had a choice , I 'd stay on the coast , but I 'd grown up near the mountains .
te	I	We were alone and the door shut .
te	O	一支箭从马克西姆斯的头盔上擦过，迸出火花，并且另一支带着一种怪异的、颤动的嘶声掠过马库斯的耳边。
te	O	他是真实的，活生生的，而且他正跪在我面前。
te	O	她将不得不杀死他，但是不是现在；现在她必须让自己被选中。
te	I	She took it , and there was an apple , though .
te	O	杰西卡的手臂从我的脖子上滑落，并且我转身离开她，拼命揉着眼睛。
te	I	The power of the color green is universal , but they hadn 't struck me as politicized people .
te	I	Another contingent guarded the building , and a cordon of security closed off the entire block .
te	O	杰克向后退了一步，远离我，并且当他这样做的时候，一个声音向我们喊道。
te	O	说实话，她确信这会要了她的命，但是她仍然首先关心自己的体面。
te	O	我用笔指着门上的字，并且然后故意忙他的文书工作。
te	O	女服务员把我们的饮料送来了，并且我们假装一切正常，谁也骗不了。
te	O	也许它来自一个在露天坑里燃烧的火堆，并且他想象格温睡在它旁边。
te	O	周日晚上她在皇家剧院被那些野兽喝倒彩，而且今晚她正和她的男人激烈争吵。
te	O	她很确定他正等着她随时爆发，并且她觉得她可能会那样。
te	I	It wasn 't burning , but the heat was intense .
te	O	他取下马鞍包，并且把它们甩到肩上。
te	I	Someone else appears above me and as I 'm about to take my last breath , he 's suddenly thrown off me .
te	O	他一动不动，但是没有时间检查。
te	O	呼吸非常困难，但是他蹚进扭曲的金属中去够他们。
te	O	她讨厌让自己的通灵能力控制自己的想法，但是她需要知道他是否安好。
te	O	我解释了我的理由，并且然后他也笑了。
te	O	她所经历的这种感觉对塞琳娜来说再熟悉不过了，并且她总是把它和跑步联系起来。
te	O	她的嘴唇收紧了，并且她低下了头。
te	O	单程只有四个小时，并且他可以在飞机上睡他需要的觉。
te	I	Being so vulnerable was unsettling , but once we made it out , the wounds would heal .
te	O	她参加了他的主场长曲棍球比赛，但是她总是中途走神。
te	I	George Murphy shook my hand and I walked up the steps .
te	I	He knew where he was headed but he passed many intersections .
te	O	她的眼里噙满了泪水，但是她没有放手。
te	I	We all fell in line behind him , and the coach set off across the quad .
te	I	She felt a strong chill sweep over her , and there really wasn 't enough time , though , because she heard footsteps coming up the stairs .
te	I	When Spencer turned , it was only a bird , but a shadow moved behind the jungle gym .
te	O	石塔吱嘎作响，并且金属大梁发出呻吟。
te	O	当她走近时，门开了，并且她看到朱利安走出酒吧。
te	O	她不情愿地松开他的肩膀，并且他漫不经心地用手指轻弹了一下那些穿刺伤口。
te	O	它们看起来像火焰，但是那都是部落的。
te	I	She was gone and Aunt Mary had been lying right next to me .
te	O	他看起来很面熟，但是布莱恩想不起来以前在哪里见过他。
te	O	他带走了我的妹妹，并且我会代替她。
te	O	如果真到了那个地步，那个陌生人是打算开枪的，并且她的自信心一定影响到了水瓶座，让他离开了。
te	O	下一位恳求者走了进来，并且国王隐约听到他提到与邻居的土地纠纷。
te	I	I don 't know how to swim and I 'm spinning , stranded in the middle of the ocean of my own imagination .
te	I	He doesn 't believe me , but I 've been telling him for three years that I got my job as a baker because of you .
te	I	In others , well , the less said the better and sometimes we are successful .
te	O	她试图转身，但是她的双腿不听使唤。
te	I	He wasn 't going to tell her , yet clearly , Cullen was concerned about something .
te	O	她试图抓住他，但是他太快了。
te	O	我摔倒在地板上，并且在昏倒前，我注意到派珀安然无恙。
te	O	她曾希望，但是她其实知道。
te	I	Gia knew immediately this wasn 't the one and they pulled into the pebbled driveway of an older house .
te	O	我打开前门，但是屋里一片寂静。
te	I	The current of pleasure leaped within her , and the transition from anger to desire was so swift that she couldn 't control it .
te	I	She definitely flirted a lot , but she didn 't sleep around .
te	I	A new champion was born and knowing that she was unable to continue , he declared the match over .
te	O	乔伊从工作地点接了米歇尔并开车去了医院。
te	I	It wasn 't enough , but I was a soldier , the hero coming home .
te	O	他们会在这里待三天，并且额外的安保也会到来。
te	O	我喉咙一紧，并且感到头晕。
te	I	She stood as well , and fury suffused her .
te	I	They stood out against his pale skin and the iris of his eyes were almost as dark as his pupils .
te	O	这更多是酒精的作用，而非有意识的决定，但是查理开始告诉凯特他所学到的东西。
te	O	他常常不喜欢自己想和她说话，但是她有一个有趣的头脑。
te	I	She didn 't know how she 'd ever get out again and he had sucked Julie into his world .
te	I	He generally had those , but he had a suspicion .
te	I	The table was already set , and Lil ian was expecting us .
te	I	It hadn 't stopped growing , and a lump in my throat had started forming the instant she had called .
te	O	他的情绪波动让人难以应付，而且我甚至都没和他待上十五分钟。
te	I	Their overwhelming desire to make every new student feel welcome wasn 't sitting well with me today , but I loved my friends .
te	O	室外水龙头已经排空并关闭了。
te	O	她只会否认，并且那就会是那样了。
te	O	我会一头栽倒在床上，但是我知道那里发生了什么。
te	I	It didn 't touch my heart , but I was embarrassed at being jilted .
te	I	I took it and she handed me the guitar .
te	O	我走进大楼，耳朵张大，但是现在我只能听到暴风雪的呼啸风声在吱嘎作响的横梁周围跳动。
te	I	It might as well be worlds away in this situation , but the lavatory was only a small enclosure within the vault .
te	I	If that was the case , she simply wasn 't interested , and she wondered if he was leading up to asking her out again .
te	O	一只柔软的手臂引导史蒂夫坐下，并且他发现一个抽泣的拉维娜紧抓着他。
te	O	他们已经派人去查看他了，并且门最终打开了，露出了尸体。
te	O	安妮在他们谈话后离开了，但是玛丽跑进了房间。
te	I	He was proofreading it and maybe it was the last book Marcus wrote ?
te	O	她感觉自己仿佛站在飓风的风口浪尖，但是她周围的一切都没有受到那股奇怪的强风影响。
te	O	她受了瘀伤，但是仅此而已。
te	O	气氛异常尴尬，但是我假装没有注意到。
te	O	梅拉妮没有把他介绍给她的女儿，并且他也没有问那个女孩在哪里。
te	O	这正是我所预料的，但是它比我想象的更刺痛。
te	I	My mom 's coffee cup is still in the sink , and My Dad 's hat is still on the kitchen table .
te	I	I at least like to know what I 'm worried about and I asked because I was starting to get a little worried .
te	I	It was heartened , and his smile returned .
te	O	新乌托邦是为了杀死我们所有人的尝试，并且月球是一个陷阱。
te	O	他的黑发比他平时留的短，但是很适合他英俊、棱角分明的脸。
te	I	He followed it up , and this got some nervous laughter .
te	O	她说，并且亨利点了点头。
te	O	那时甚至不是一个人影向他移动，但是是一个形状，一片模糊，边缘发灰，它移动得如此之快。
te	I	She knew he wouldn 't , but he should have just taken them off .
te	O	她等着，但是那人没有回应。
te	O	他摸了摸爱丽丝的胳膊，并且她把我交给了他。
te	O	还有一个，并且我也正要解决掉他，这时我看到朱丽叶从后面向他开了一枪。
te	I	He doesn 't have a secretary yet , and a new partner is joining the firm .
te	O	那个邪恶的念头没有出现在她脑海中，并且她也不知道该说什么。
te	I	She beamed at him and Rhett answered .
te	I	The waiter gave them two fortune cookies with their change , and they split the bill .
te	I	Between the two of them they eventually got it mounted it on a tiny pivot , but it was fiddly work .
te	I	Instinct takes over and he steps forward .
te	I	Ida stepped back and Zach began pumping again .
te	O	也许你到了那里之后，你可以帮忙，但是现在，请教我吧。
te	I	It didn 't stop me but I felt a twinge of regret .
te	O	探视时间在重症监护室已经结束了，但是工作人员很聪明，让我们过去了。
te	O	凯恩即将玷污汉克对自己的所有认知，并且他打算用汉克自己的怒火来做到这一点。
te	I	He certainly had no issue with her race and her views did not seem to bother Steven .
te	I	As I made my way in I got a text from Simon , and I made it to the rehearsal with a few moments to spare .
te	O	大卫现在在里面了，但是他已经叫了救护车，并坚持要求他们俩都得到医疗帮助。
te	O	当他们到达桥上时，电脑已经瘫痪了，并且没有找到任何舰队的纸质地图。
te	O	你正在变老，并且你有了自己的想法。
te	I	Stacy didn 't elaborate , but Junie looked up quizzically .
te	I	She was talking on the phone and he 's just done something heroic .
te	I	He shook his head fast , and his eyes lit up , a smile on his face .
te	O	我很感谢他试图转移大家的注意力，但是这不起作用。
te	O	当其中一扇前门打开时，头顶的灯亮了，并且里奥的眼睛眯了起来。
te	I	I saw it and he locked eyes with me .
te	O	那是治疗师从小告诉她要做的，并且它奏效了。
te	I	I 've never been happier , and I 'm head over heels for Elle Halliwell .
te	I	I let him know , and I disagreed with it .
te	I	She was completely stuffed , but she did want more , simply because it had been so good .
te	O	我希望我现在有她的话语，但是我只能说出我仅有的话语：真相。
te	I	He likes you , but he 'll do it because I 'm asking him to .
te	I	His golden hair fell over his eyebrows , windblown out of its usual disarray , and the Prince looked worried .
te	I	He tugged her off balance so that she fell against him and his fingers tangled with hers .
te	I	He spoke and his smile widened .
te	I	I think I might go to the museum , but I was going to go to the Botanical Gardens on the cable car .
te	I	I was happy to be gone , but part of me missed the island .
te	I	She carefully lowered her hand and Echo 's mouth went dry .
te	I	They were the only ones whose features were clear , and they were on a bed in a blurry room .
te	O	我们新年夜去了布莱克家，并且我看到了欧文到底有多么纵火狂。
te	O	那是一栋漂亮的房子，并且花园被打理得很好。
te	I	I felt his body shuddering as he came close to climaxing and he held onto my legs .
te	I	I doubted that the hours before me would set any better and my legs were cramped from the previous flight .
te	O	她猜对了，几乎没有可见的影响，但是很难抵抗不去看。
te	I	She just told me she 'd made a ton of copies , but I 'd threatened to revoke her key privileges .
te	O	她对这些事情不甚了解，但是她确信这绝不正常。
te	O	我怀疑我的兄弟们对我能搞定所有那些感到震惊，但是我做到了。
te	I	Simone 's fingers lightly brushed the back of his neck , but Maddie couldn 't see it from her vantage .
te	O	它全是玻璃的，并且按摩浴缸周围的墙壁都装有镜子。
te	I	They played every week , and all three were very dedicated to their sport .
te	O	就像圣战停滞太久时我们常做的事情一样，并且我们需要搅动局势。
te	O	他翻过身，并且我再次依偎在他的身边。
te	O	它吸引，并且我进食。
te	O	她不曾想与统御主对抗，但是她却做到了。
te	O	我穿上了一件愚蠢的荷叶边连衣裙，并且突然你就认为我可能在乎你了吗？
te	I	I laughed and he swatted me on the backside .
te	O	霍利迪皱起眉头，并且看起来她正要对凯莉大发雷霆。
te	O	在这个例子中，把我队友想象成一只野兽很奇怪，但是这正是它让我想起的事情。
te	O	他带着一声咕哝撞到了墙上，并且伸出手臂来支撑自己。
te	O	这些仪器还没有被清洗过，但是血液并没有让他感到困扰。
te	I	Yet our eyes are firmly stitched to the floor , and so much around to distract .
te	O	活过这场战斗曾是他最殷切的愿望，但是他没有感到丝毫宽慰，灵魂反而被内疚啃噬。
te	O	查尔斯·巴贝奇在去世前为这台机器设计了好几种方案，但是它却从未被建造出来。
te	O	他把奖品递给我，但是真正的奖品却是他。
te	I	The terror is gone and it wasn 't like most nightmares , where you wake up safe in your room .
te	I	I know that even though she was dead she still protected me but I don 't know how I came back to life .
te	O	戴卡德穿过空旷的街道，并且他们向他扑来。
te	O	他从卡拉的公寓去了汤姆和谢尔比家。
te	O	米莎问了，并且我同意了。
te	I	None of them were going to come true within the next minute , but she wished for many , many things .
te	I	I 'm sure he 's tapped into my blood-thirsty thoughts , and March watches me thinking it over .
te	O	她平时不喝酒，但是夏天她喜欢喝一口朗姆酒。
te	I	He swept her into his arms , and something that must have been triumph entered his eyes .
te	O	我知道她正有意识地转变为一种受伤的愤慨姿态，但是不知怎的，我却无力抵抗这种影响。
te	O	她不敢相信自己做了什么，但是更重要的是，她必须离开这里。
te	I	It was probably because I was still so ruffled after seeing Ashton , but I hadn 't really noticed it immediately .
te	I	You can 't let it rule your lives , but it 's not something that will go away .
te	O	我没有情绪崩溃，并且我也没有毒品上头。
te	O	我从未临阵脱逃，但是我动过念头。
te	I	It didn 't make catching a cab very easy , but she imagined that was why her parents chose the location .
te	I	Then I saw the handle turn , but I raised my fist to knock .
te	I	Nobody could 've painted it better , and the mural Ellery painted was perfect .
te	O	博尚皱眉看着包裹，但是他困惑地接过了它。
te	O	她花了七百美元买了那个古驰包，并且它派上了用场，砰地一声结实地砸在那个矮个男人的头上。
te	O	她只顾着喝酒，并且当她示意要更多饼干时，他把它们放到她唇边。
te	I	It was coming from him , but the sound wasn 't coming from Jane .
te	I	He was too fast for her but she 'd once tried to throw a chair at Dad .
te	I	Rick buried his face in a towel , and it didn 't survive the translation .
te	I	Killing Nicky wouldn 't stop Jacob from making that fatal phone call , and they 'd taken my weapons .
te	O	克拉克是唯一有雀斑的人，并且它们不知怎的在他身上依然好看。
te	I	I knew it , and they were right .
te	O	他对我大喊大叫，尖声吼叫，但是我几乎没听到他。
te	O	忘掉六块腹肌吧，这个男人有八块，并且它们随着他每一次呼吸而起伏。
te	I	That was certainly something , and yes , his older brother would at least listen without betraying him .
te	I	I say nothing hoping he 'll continue , but Stephan being forthcoming shocks me even further .
te	I	It 's too loud and I switch on the TV .
te	O	我说了，并且他犹豫了。
te	O	手腕一抖，并且她就能割开他的喉咙。
te	O	他两腿间勃起的跳动摩擦着我阴道跳动的唇瓣，并且一声尖锐的呻吟从我喉咙里冒了出来。
te	O	我觉得最好把她带到某种庇护所，但是最近的一排树至少有半英里远。
te	O	他吻过她，但是那只发生过一次。
te	I	I could see weapons suspended from their undercarriage and lots of solar-powered copters were in the air .
te	I	A dust cloud marks the approach of a car , and a low rumble in the distance , like thunder .
te	O	她当时做了她需要做的事情，并且她现在做了她必须做的事情。
te	O	被子紧紧地裹着她，并且她穿着一件病号服。
te	I	I hadn 't heard Bryce and ten minutes had gone by .
te	O	他无法吐露自己的罪恶，并且他无法让她进入安妮死后他精心打造的伪装。
te	I	I did object to the venue , which was too darn public , but I didn 't object to the sensation , which was very pleasant .
te	O	田野被插在地上的长杆火把照亮，并且巨石仍在撞击保护城市的穹顶。
te	I	The look in her eyes was dead too , and she was the mate of the dead Miguel .
te	I	They both slid to a halt in front of the structure and Cindy slowed down so that Jimmy could keep up with her .
te	O	通常她会避开那个粗俗的男人，但是赚钱的念头完全分散了她的注意力。
te	O	她想退缩，给自己留点喘息空间，但是那会让她看起来很软弱。
te	O	这是一个本地时段，但是他说还需要更多。
te	O	她知道这笔交易即将完成，并且她想让卡洛知道有些事情不太对劲。
te	I	They gathered in street parades , and many people missed work .
te	O	医生向杰夫详细说明了莎莉的病情和他们的婚礼计划。
te	O	吐司不是士绅菜单上的常见食物，但是这里的仆人已经习惯了我的个人喜好。
te	I	She smiled and his lips brushed the top of her head .
te	O	然后她听到教室里传来笑声，并且她很好奇。
te	I	Matt looked as if he were fainting , and Elena was definitely going to know Matt anywhere .
te	O	每个人都以为我们在一起了，但是我仍然不确定。
te	I	They both began to feel better about their predicament and more time passed .
te	I	Gene was dead , and I heard gunshots .
te	O	那样的礼服应该刚到她的膝盖下方，但是这件却落在她脚踝上方约三英寸处。
te	I	She was suddenly far , far from human -- but all in a moment , she looked healthy .
te	O	我的腰身在黑裤子里显得很纤细，而且我的新靴子，嗯，它们性感极了。
te	I	Her face flushed and her frown deepened .
te	I	Nothing else came up , but she hit the space bar a few times .
te	I	They wanted their money , and the experiment had failed .
te	I	Clouds blotted out the moon entirely , and not a star dotted the sky .
te	I	It didn 't stop him from praying now , but Sam hadn 't spent much time in church .
te	I	I swear I will kill the person responsible for this and all of them were laughing at the scene .
te	I	Eventually a high voice came into existence , and the pings began meshing together .
te	O	那里的每个人都竭尽全力帮助我们安顿下来，并且他们总是过来“只是串门”。
te	I	Neither did he expect dreadful tranquility but he did not expect a panic .
te	O	我们知道她怀了丹尼斯的宝宝，并且我对此感到有责任。
te	I	It seemed as sturdy as when we 'd first come up here , but Ajax took a few steps out onto the bridge , testing it .
te	I	His voice was drowned by the loud tapping of fast heels , running toward me , but Scar yelled something .
te	O	迪娜不具备异性恋技能，而且康斯坦斯不能冒充欢乐机器人。
te	I	With it came hope , and the first flower opened on the plain .
te	I	The stress of the day leaked into my voice and I had one more burning question that I had to ask right now .
te	O	我经营一家公司，并且我有责任。
te	O	她被单独留给克劳迪娅了，并且从那时起她就被宠坏了。
te	I	He would not bargain with you and books were always from Russian publishers .
te	I	Yet , I was here , and none of it seemed possible .
te	I	A wrenching cry came from deep within my shattered soul , and I fought him one last time .
te	I	I wrinkled my nose , and he shuffled past me to dump his bag on a desk .
te	O	我不想让我的朋友们经历以为我死了的痛苦，但是我又不能离开我的藏身之处。
te	O	我感到胃里一阵抗议性的翻腾，并且剧烈的头痛无情地敲击着我的头颅。
te	I	The big robot agrees with me , but he enlists Starbucks in the cause .
te	O	我从未听说过有人能做到那件事，但是我也从未听说过有人想这样做。
te	O	我试图逗弄，但是效果显得很平淡。
te	O	一旦风速超过每小时五十英里，他们就关闭了桥梁，并且我们被困住了。
te	I	She whirled around and Ellie jumped with a sharp intake of breath .
te	I	He held them both out to me , and another piece of paper appeared in his other hand .
te	O	梅琳达站在一旁，像她平时一样冷淡，但是沃伦却反常地热情。
te	O	我制造了太多噪音，但是我才不在乎呢。
te	O	戴夫比布雷克大五岁，并且三十四岁的布雷克仍然无法想象会因为太累而不想做爱。
te	I	Christian 's too cocky for his own good , and Nick gave me no choice growing up .
te	I	I wasn 't sure what , but I knew something was wrong .
te	I	I fought the urge to lean closer , and his warmth was delicious .
te	I	I broke the rules to do it , but I got what I wanted out of this plan .
te	I	She pulled out her phone , and her heart ached for home .
te	O	他的头猛地转向我，并且他眼中的火焰让我退缩。
te	O	我的头靠在他的胸口，并且我听着他的心跳。
te	I	Maybe Charlotte would offer something of interest to pass the time today , and she was about ready for some lunch .
te	O	比利的头缠着绷带，但是他看起来没什么大碍。
te	O	马车驶过时，他转过头，仿佛他能看见它，并且她捕捉到了他眼中闪烁的光芒。
te	I	I cringed and the image replayed in slow motion in my mind .
te	I	Credit is increased , and Land values plummet .
te	O	我终于听到一声咆哮，并且随后我听到你尖叫。
te	O	她下完五级台阶后停了下来，并且我现在能看到她的腿了。
te	O	维奥莱特在前往巴特的剩余旅程中一直保持沉默，并且她的姐妹们顺从了她。
te	I	The damn thing trembled anyway but I bit my bottom lip .
te	I	He retrieved these as well and some of her other photos had fallen out .
te	O	她身上似乎有什么东西崩溃了，并且她一直瞄准着——我。
te	I	A jolt of electricity sizzled through her body , and his mouth found the corner of hers .
te	I	He had no hand in the final resolution , but he saw the destruction of good people day after day after day .
te	I	I could never forget them but Fate lead us on separate paths .
te	I	He spent most evenings turning over them pages just the same , but Arnie was sure his Pa couldn 't read .
te	O	如果这是一部电影，所有人都会在气闸舱里，并且到处都会有击掌庆祝了。
te	I	I figured I 'd leave him be , but I knew where he lived , in the basement of Mrs. Harris ' house .
te	I	The smile did not reach his eyes , but he grinned at me .
te	I	She realized how perfect his teeth were and Cooper smiled .
te	O	他狞笑着，并且他的眼睛冷冷地审视着枪手。
te	O	她在玩火，而且她知道。
te	I	Here they are , yet I would have named an attack of this scale impossible !
te	O	她可以打到天荒地老，并且我不会给她回电话。
te	I	He grabbed me and I turned to go back .
te	O	才过了两周，但是他的头发就全掉光了。
te	I	I sure as hel didn 't know what provoked the words coming out of his mouth next , and Aiden 's expression was unreadable .
te	I	I could feel it , but I couldn 't rationalize it in my head .
te	O	我把包扔到行军床上，并且她又一次抓住了我的手。
te	I	He slowly reached for the communication device on his shoulder , and his Adam 's apple bobbed .
te	I	I shut the door behind her and she exclaimed as she came inside .
te	I	I watched them all that day and the library had three of his films in their collection .
te	O	我立刻感到内疚，但是我没有道歉。
te	O	他想安慰她，但是他仍然不敢动。
te	O	他停了下来，核对着托兰德飞船的坐标，并且随后惊讶地回头看去。
te	I	She still looked like she had a lot of questions , but it was starting to make a little bit of sense to Amy .
te	I	I could never really let go of him either , but as I watched him walk away , I hated to admit it to myself .
te	O	一部电话响了，而且他们都低头看向各自的腰带。
te	I	We started forward and she started the engine .
te	O	当麦克终于走下楼梯时，汤姆已经在喝他的第三杯威士忌了，而且披萨也凉了。
te	I	She let out a breath she hadn 't realized she was holding and his name was the top of her address book .
te	I	He may be determined to fix himself in the memories of as many people as possible , or he may be stubborn .
te	O	它在几小时前就结束了，而且他从那时起就一直在与睡意抗争。
te	O	他没有把我往前拉，但是他也没有把我往后推。
te	I	I hyperventilate just like she did , feeling trapped inside , but I know it 's coming .
te	I	The times they had spent together had always been after he 'd given himself over to a substantial buzz , but he tried .
te	O	我看到店员的眼睛睁大了，但是瑞安只是微笑着。
te	I	I drew short straw , but none of tonight 's duty pilots wanted this gig because everyone wanted to keep watching television .
te	O	他们会想知道如何保护他们的区域，如何保护我们的人民，而且我不知道该告诉他们什么。
te	O	几双羊毛袜套在他的脚上，并且他的手杖在他身边地上放着。
te	I	He had charmed my mother , but God knows how .
te	O	他需要我留下，但是我不能再这样生活了。
te	O	我听到了她最后窒息的喘息声，当我站在门口，并且他坐在那里显得很无聊时。
te	O	她的目光回到了屏幕上，并且她开始查看那一栏。
te	I	They made suggestions , which were more like expectations , but the Elders didn 't control who they were mated with .
te	I	I knew this was going to be bad news and Rhea called me over to her .
te	I	Every hour she felt a little more at home , and she 'd only lived with her aunt for four days .
te	O	多年来我们变得非常亲密，并且我把她视为我最亲密的朋友之一。
te	I	He turned away , and his breaths choked .
te	I	He took a minute to center himself and controlling his anger at his father wasn 't easy .
te	I	John got its attention , but the giant 's body was hard as rock .
te	I	At least I felt rested , but sleeping in didn 't help .
te	O	他转过身，扫描着周围区域，并且他看到了他知道不属于他的男人悄悄地在树林中移动的红外图像。
te	I	Bex appeared in the window , barely making an effort as he pul ed himself through , and I took a step back .
te	I	It was full of livestock , and a large barn was one of the only permanent structures on the compound .
te	O	门开了，但是我躲在一旁，所以她看不到我。
te	I	That 's all they found , but a couple of worlds had found bones inside nests .
te	O	我爱这栋房子，并且我爱这片海滩。
te	O	Kevin的笑容从未动摇过，但是他的法语回应却很冷淡。
te	I	Her gaze remained resolutely on the box but the child broke out in a sweat .
te	O	尽管他受伤了，他仍然是她的父亲，并且他似乎总是有答案。
te	O	我小时候，我妈妈常常和我一起躺在床上，并且我们会编故事。
te	O	当然，这所学校里有人类，但是他们对我们是什么一无所知。
te	I	Without gunpowder , they were useless , but the guns were good .
te	O	她给了我一个特别有意义的眼神，但是我却搞不清楚她想要什么。
te	O	贝丝从未喜欢过主教，并且我确信事出有因。
te	I	It was working and he 'd been courting her .
te	I	When they arrived , laid a bouquet beside each stone and Jenny picked wild flowers during the stroll .
te	O	我的腿又碰到了它，并且那只手臂抽搐了一下。
te	O	伤口早已愈合，并且我第无数次庆幸自己把那个追踪器从我身上挖了出来。
te	O	我知道人们那样做，但是我不确定为什么。
te	I	It felt like a year but it had been just a little over twenty-four hours since he 'd last seen Golden .
te	I	The discussion continued , and the delegates returned .
te	I	He assumed he was all she had but Lilly hadn 't officially hired him .
te	O	我会留下来，并且就是这样了。
te	O	你开始时有一个想法，没错，但是你最终得到的东西可能与最初的想法毫无相似之处。
te	O	泪水从他眼中落下，并且他迅速擦去它们。
te	I	The only thing he 'd managed to develop was one hell of a hangover , and obviously it hadn 't worked .
te	I	Soon she would be with him in body , and she was with him in spirit now .
te	I	I felt pretty confident that both were taken in completely different countries but I had no proof .
te	I	They shook and Zach took the big man 's hand .
te	I	It would only rule her if she let it , but her past was a part of her .
te	O	之后话题转向了赛季，但是高年级学生谈论乌鸦队的热情似乎和尼尔思考它们的热情一样高。
te	I	Knowing I 'll probably never get another chance like this but I swallow , afraid to ask the question .
te	O	它的簇毛直立起来，并且它抖动着羽毛，蹲得离树枝更近了。
te	O	赞恩向上看了一眼，并且文点了点头。
te	O	弗朗西丝注意到他的声音带着怒意，并且她快速地瞥了他一眼。
te	I	It would begin to build into something much funnier and she also would tweak the reality .
te	O	她对我微笑，但是笑容没有到达她的眼睛，她的眼睛看起来仍然很疲惫。
te	O	我把双腿并拢，并且他的眼睛灼灼地望着我的眼睛。
te	I	He knew it , and McCoy was beaten .
te	O	他把碗放在柜台上时，试图逗弄我，但是他的手在这样做时颤抖着。
te	I	It was just the way he said it , but he hadn 't said anything inappropriate .
te	O	肉从他们的身体上垂下，并且他们的眼睛是空洞。
te	O	衬衫的衣领系成一个蝴蝶结，并且一个配套的米色钱包挂在人体模型的胳膊上。
te	I	I should have known why and he didn 't look happy .
te	I	I had kept my eye on him and he had stood unmoving the entire time .
te	I	My body was sizzling from how close he was , he had to feel it too and I felt his warm breath on my neck .
te	O	所有这些铁路小镇的每个角落都挂着他的照片，但是他仍然认为自己可以不被注意地度过几个小时。
te	O	地上的草叶向它伸展，并且迈克感觉自己被拉向它的方向。
te	O	我的头感觉很混乱，可能是因为疲惫，但是肾上腺素让我继续奔跑。
te	O	我怒视着我的母亲，并且她笑得更厉害了。
te	I	Then I was out of there , and I had to get my things .
te	I	My breathing still isn 't normal , and my heartbeat 's flooding my ears .
te	O	我相信他直接在您的重症监护室照护下，并且我自从他被送进纪念医院以来一直与米切尔医生保持沟通。
te	O	嗯，那两个男人做了，并且那个金发女人只是盯着我。
te	O	她的目光在我身上游移，并且她脸色苍白。
te	I	The dragon was out of the forest , its entire mass in the open and she was in the middle of the clearing now .
te	I	We 're not doing anything to get him back , and he needs us .
te	O	披头士乐队风靡一时，而且女性成群结队地进入劳动力市场。
te	I	When neither spoke , he went on , but he waited .
te	I	I linked my elbow with James 's , and Lux glared at him .
te	O	很快变革就会发生，而且唯一重要的事情将是你站在哪一边。
te	O	她的嘴唇柔顺，轻轻一碰，并且它们为他的舌头探索而张开。
te	O	你爱我，并且我爱你。
te	O	那是他的评估，并且亚当会欣然接受。
te	O	我再次试图警告他使用魔法要小心，但是那并不容易。
te	O	玻璃上的裂缝使她的倒影一分为二，但是那是林赛留下它的唯一原因。
te	I	I softened my voice , and mom bit her lip , looking like she might cry .
te	O	我希望我能声称这是为了致敬，但是事实是那条蛇说对了。
te	I	I have a feeling he would be perfect , but I know he doesn 't want Gage anywhere near our team .
te	O	门开了，并且埃德加没有费心转身。
te	I	I have to ask , but I 'm sorry I upset you , Tammie .
te	I	He was dealing with it way too often lately and he hated this feeling of being in the dark .
te	O	嗡嗡声变得稍微响亮了一些，并且他们看到一个巨大的飞行物体从远处，从城市方向朝他们飞来。
te	I	I hated myself for putting her in this difficult position and Natalie was the only family I had .
te	I	When she smiled , everything inside him tightened and his gaze locked on her .
te	O	他可能欺骗了你，但是他不能强迫你用王冠做任何你不想做的事情。
te	I	His eyelids fluttered , and his breathing became loud , forced .
te	O	我以为他睡着了，但是当我挪动时，他看着我。
te	I	He seemed to accept that this was David 's duty , but maybe Arthur understood , too .
te	O	我现在不在未来，但是我将会。
te	O	很难说，并且他不像凯特那样擅长判断武器。
te	O	当然，她仍然已婚，但是她的情况从来都不是关于她出轨的问题。
te	I	The blue lights were whirling , and it had a removable siren on the front .
te	O	那是一个宁静的住宅区，到处是那些相同的独特房屋，但是没有一栋能完全符合我在幻象中看到的那一栋。
te	O	外壳已经彻底清理干净了，并且我闻不到任何腥味。
te	I	She 's starting her family and she 's five years younger .
te	O	大院就在前面，并且健二把我们往前拉，直到我们紧贴着一个单元的后墙。
te	O	萨姆的公寓变得异常闷热，而且我需要新鲜空气。
te	I	Domino 's there and I had the alarm on .
te	O	迪恩的眼睛开始翻白，但是蔡斯不让他晕过去，摇晃他直到他再次呻吟。
te	O	那男人张开了嘴，并且一股鲜血飞溅而出，溅满了她面前的地板。
te	O	在他们成长期间，玛吉是她的偶像，并且她对玛吉提出的所有要求都照办不误。
te	I	If it adds nothing , then it should not be made ; and if love is the whole thing , then the promise can add nothing .
te	O	我的腿一阵剧痛，并且我把饮料掉在了地上。
te	O	马克斯是更好的目标，并且她没有和他在一起。
te	I	A bad roomie just might , but loneliness wouldn 't kill her .
te	O	我过去是，并且现在也是。
te	I	They need help and your people do it as well when someone is not right .
te	O	我问了，并且她咯咯地笑了。
te	I	Neither did she remember seeing the servant in the last week but Eleanor didn 't remember anybody commenting on the absence of Gladys .
te	O	她想象着他饱满的嘴唇，并且她撅起了自己的嘴唇。
te	O	他的衬衫再次遮住了他那雄伟的胸膛，并且那或许是此刻最大的悲剧。
te	I	We toppled to the ground , and Calliope must have realized the same thing , because with a surge of power , she shoved me .
te	I	I don 't want to harm anyone and I never meant to cause you concern .
te	I	They would have lived happily ever after , and her love would have saved him .
te	O	爱丽丝兴奋地说，并且潘多拉说是的。
te	I	I struggled to remember what he asked me , and I realized I hadn 't answered his question .
te	I	I didn 't correct him , but I think he meant photosynthesis .
te	O	她做得太过火了，像高中生演莎士比亚剧一样表演过度，但是她会通过的。
te	O	我听到他倒吸一口气，并且我睁开了眼睛。
te	O	我想走向他，但是有什么东西拦住了我。
te	O	我的腿还在他的肩膀上，并且在这个姿势下，我能感觉到我的腘绳肌得到了很好的拉伸。
te	I	The teacher closes class , and a couple more solos .
te	I	He wasn 't disappointed when they all scowled at him , and he hadn 't been expecting a warm welcome from her brothers .
te	O	他的语气足够友好，但是他的举止却不是。
te	O	那很粗俗，并且从那时起我就一直恨他。
te	I	The scenery unchanging and the trees were endless .
te	I	I needed to find out what it was and as far as I was concerned , he had a motive .
te	I	He knew he wasn 't pulling it off , but he held his hands up like he was surrendering , trying to look nonthreatening .
te	I	Something felt very wrong , but it was still dark .
te	I	She seemed to try to press it down but a look of desire flitted across her features .
te	O	就像我认识她一辈子了，然而我们才刚刚认识。
te	I	I can 't go to a therapist , and this is why I need help .
te	O	那天是星期六，是赶集的日子，并且路上的行人会比平时多，提供了更多可以让他们混入的人群。
te	I	It wasn 't hard to see that my father half agreed with them and there were several calls of ' hear , hear ' .
te	I	Those terrible men would have her , or if he hadn 't come when he did , Solange would be dead .
te	O	他其实是个大块头，但是如果我什么都不做，就会显得我很懦弱，所以，我必须采取行动。
te	O	他想把它们拔出来，把他的兄弟从死亡中解救出来，但是他做不到。
te	I	He sets me on the passenger 's seat and I nuzzle into his jacket for warmth .
te	O	鲜血糊满了他的整张脸，但是他的目光坚定不移。
te	I	Then she could see a couple waving at Paul , who responded back with equal zest and every now .
te	O	他的手在我肩胛骨之间停住了，并且困惑从他身上散发出来。
te	O	泰特对杰森来说可能很烦人，但是他喜欢他。
te	O	塑料水瓶放在桌上，但是没有传说中的仙人掌毒品的任何迹象。
te	I	His fingers came away wet and he reached forward to brush her soft cheek .
te	I	When the four of them sat in the hall together , none could stand before them without trembling , but it was a rare occurrence .
te	O	然后医生们走到了那两人身边，并且他们显得非常担忧。
te	I	I jerk away and her words shock me .
te	O	我曾打算在某个时候和迪伊谈谈我们的“关系”，但是，我还没有找到合适的时机。
te	I	They 're also not stupid , but they 're connected by hoses .
te	O	他的汽车总动员闹钟坏了，而且电脑屏幕是黑的。
te	O	他当然不缺乏素材，但是，出于某种原因，每次尝试写新东西时都会遇到思维上的障碍。
te	I	I blushed , remembering and John smiled .
te	O	那只是她眉毛的微微一挑，而且她的嘴角也微微上扬。
te	I	He refused his hand , but Darrin tried to help the evil doctor up .
te	I	He was completely on to her machinations , and Hope was managing him .
te	O	我们回到了厨房，而且莉安娜给了我一个恳求的眼神。
te	O	我紧贴着他，而且这一次他没有反抗。
te	O	他笑了，但是这一次还不足以让她平静下来。
te	I	He didn 't want it and she couldn 't have it .
te	I	He owed it to her , and she 'd saved Miranda 's life .
te	O	闪烁的火焰在浩瀚的黑暗中几乎察觉不到，但是它提供的微光足以让那名女性看到盖乌斯走近。
te	O	我迅速地瞪了他一眼，但是我的目光总是不由自主地回到鲜血上。
te	I	We both plopped onto the sofa and we got home around ten .
te	I	It was impossible with him around but she was used to being the first one to work .
te	O	特伦顿环顾地板上的所有水果，并且然后他叹了口气，抬头看着我。
te	I	Then eventually had to turn away entirely , and sidious shielded his eyes .
te	O	它们中间还夹杂着贝丝无法识别的其他东西，但是多米诺骨牌随处可见。
te	I	Something made me hesitate , but I started to pull myself up a few feet higher so I could peer over one of the windowsills .
te	I	It will all change once night arrives , but the air is deadly silent .
te	O	那当然是一种奖励，但是这一切都有些奇怪。
te	I	The smell of the sea beyond filled his nostrils , but to his left , large cargo ships blocked the view of the ocean .
te	O	这里的虫子多得厉害，并且我每走两步就咒骂它们。
te	O	一段关系要么在足够多的层面上让他感到满意以至于能幸福地维持下去，或者它就没有——这是一个完全理性判断的问题。
te	O	她一定还在疼痛中，但是她没有抱怨过一句。
te	O	他看着她，并且她看着他。
te	O	我知道你从清晨就醒了，并且你今天已经为我做了这么多。
te	O	她甚至把夹克都落下了，但是我抓住了它。
te	O	这是纯粹的狡猾，并且他们有如此多的人。
te	I	One look at his face told her he would not help her , but she looked at Battista , an appeal for help rising in her throat .
te	I	I wasn 't about to forgive him because of that , but he sounded hurt .
te	I	I heard her voice , but Ula was no longer there .
te	I	I can 't really find anyone who likes him and this is his second year at the school .
te	I	Rick grabbed her left arm , his fingers pressing white half moons into her skin , but Esther went to get back in the cab .
te	O	他把剑扔到身后，并且其中一只老鼠叫了起来。
te	I	Gently , as if he 'd somehow realized by the way she moved that she wasn 't quite up to speed , but he lipped her hair .
te	I	I knew we were no longer in the Fordham house , and the bedding beneath me was a deep shade of burgundy .
te	O	今天已经很漫长了，并且我准备好让它结束了。
te	I	It 's not my body going through this , alright , and I 'm having problems handling things ?
te	I	There I met a Fate and Lizzi a girl here took me to an oracle .
te	O	他呻吟着，并且我感觉到他把自己往前顶，仿佛他在操我的嘴。
te	O	我不知道该如何看待这一切，但是有一件事我是知道的。
te	I	You don 't want me to , and I don 't want to sing .
te	O	那次日食引发的恶劣天气在其他地方很不寻常，但是里瓦总是下雨。
te	I	He had a sudden vision of her with their children , and she was instantly protective of him , a young tigress .
te	O	我们都抬头看向岩石轨道上剩余的光环，并且又一次，一个光环脱落了。
te	I	He ignored her , but Katherine swiveled her head toward him , nudging his shoulder with her snout .
te	I	She moved her mouth , looking rather like a fish , and words failed Theodosia for a moment .
te	O	他笑了，并且他的嘴唇带着一丝那样的光芒。
te	O	爱德华紧紧地把我抱在他的胸前，并且我们那时也飞速穿过阴暗的森林，走着与狼不同的路径。
te	I	Then the buzzer sounded , and there was a pause .
te	O	现在已是暮春时节，并且我们走进了枪店，看看玻璃柜里有什么可供选择的。
te	O	他在此之前也从未提及麦肯娜，而且她的心以恐惧的速度狂跳。
te	I	Perhaps that could work for me , and Ruling wasn 't in her blood .
te	O	克莱尔知道她听起来像是在辩解，但是她无能为力。
te	I	The creature decided not to argue and his expression was furious .
te	I	He hungers to reprise that kiss and I 've impressed myself on him .
te	O	他们停止了移动，但是迪克兰继续牢牢地抱着她。
te	O	她回吻了我，并且我舔了她的嘴唇。
te	O	她手臂上的疼痛加剧了，让她有点恶心，并且用她的左手吃饭花费了更长时间。
te	I	Their similarities were what brought them together , but their differences complemented each other .
te	O	我一秒钟想到了我在弗罗斯特堡的朋友们，但是很快就放下了。
te	O	耳机不在维姬阿姨的座位上，但是她的钱包在。
te	O	她用派珀的刀片向我挥来，并且我跳开了，绊倒了。
te	O	它们不发热，但是我清楚如果我触碰它们，它们会把我的皮肉从骨头上烧掉。
te	O	他将我的下巴微微抬起，并且我看着他的眼睛，像我的一样泪湿。
te	O	战争是一件代价极其高昂的事情，并且我不只是在谈论伤亡。
te	I	I just never knew it , and I guess it always had .
te	I	He felt too weak , but Frank wouldn 't willingly admit it .
te	O	我是一个爱国者，奥利弗，并且我不以此为耻。
te	I	They kept their eyes downcast , and each wore a blue cap , hair loose out the back .
te	I	For the sake of Danny the friendship remained then eventually flourished but the union ended quickly .
te	O	凯瑟琳和迈克尔一起看到了所有的一切，并且巨大的悲伤蔓延开她的脸。
te	I	Silence fell , and whoever was calling hung up .
te	O	夜幕瞬间消失了，并且他们站在一个橙色的圆圈中，哥布林战士可怕的剪影在山壁上跳动着。
te	I	His belly tightened and an unfamiliar growl rumbled .
te	I	They both watched the tree wobble , and putting both hands on the trunk , she pushed a little .
te	O	这张桌子很大，并且桌面几乎是空的。
te	O	我继续澄清，并且她笑了。
te	O	我等待着，但是他没有多说。
te	O	铃声响了，并且因为是星期五，我有点害怕可能是布拉德。
te	O	她怀疑他无意恐吓，但是另一个人退了一步。
te	O	总之，凯勒布流畅地继续说，我们谈过了，并且我们不会帮你利用我们。
te	O	我最近成了他们的眼中钉，并且独自对抗着这种疯狂，嗯，这变得越来越难了。
te	I	His words filled the hall , but he spoke quietly , as was his wont .
te	I	I swear I just gave him a time machine that lets him see straight into my past and there 's a pause .
te	O	JT仍然表现得很奇怪，但是我不知道为什么。
te	I	For him to come back out alive was nonsense , but he knew his mark would be a good one .
te	O	在我们通过入口后，我站稳了脚跟，并且我们停了下来。
te	I	I have yet to replace her and she died a month ago .
te	O	我们的眼睛被设计成能看到我们所谓的可见光，但是它之所以可见只是因为我们的感受器与它匹配。
te	O	那个男人见过她赤裸的身体，并且她穿过他的衣服。
te	I	I 'm crying , looking for James to fix this , and he punches his fist hard on the steering wheel .
te	O	她的手在颤抖，并且那个盯着她的英俊男人一点忙也帮不上。
te	I	She didn 't care , but there was light now .
te	O	他痛苦地大喊起来，并且声音传出数英里远。
te	O	她穿着一件夏日连衣裙的残片，但是它在她苍白的皮肤上只是一堆破布。
te	O	迪卡德不知道该去哪里，并且他也没有他平时用的任何装备。
te	I	The land , around it , filled with activity and the mighty beacon began to flash once more .
te	O	出现了一段长时间的停顿，并且佐伊沉思着。
te	O	我的脚踩到了码头不平的木板，但是吸血鬼已经消失了。
te	I	He was just staring at the drugs on the table , but I looked to Ty to roll my eyes .
te	O	她可以服从，或者她可以死。
te	I	A door creaked somewhere in the house , but she opened her mouth .
te	I	I don 't , but James nods slowly , like I might say something else .
te	I	Knowing she had to eat something but with a sigh , she looked down at her meal , not really hungry .
te	I	You get a faraway look in your eyes , like you 're seeing him in your mind and your face lights up .
te	I	He knows why I kept it , and he knows this was Locke 's .
te	I	I believed him , and he 'd said he could wait .
te	I	He was fully aware of that and the potential of winning a half million dollars made him a lot more attractive in the eyes of some .
te	O	他的眼睛看起来非常光亮，而且一层缠结的绯红色丝线网络像蜘蛛网一样密密麻麻地蔓延在上面。
te	I	Here he was , warming me again , but it had been a while since I 'd thought of Jake that way .
te	O	我的心是玻璃做的，并且它正在破碎。
te	I	Completely ignoring the elevators , Tim turned to the left where he knew the hallway would lead to the staircase and they saw nothing .
te	O	伊森几乎不相信它，而且他正在亲身经历着它。
te	O	梳妆台被重新布置了，尽管这种差异很微妙，并且有些人甚至不同意它们被移动过。
te	I	Yet he understood it somehow , and the thick , monster voice wasn 't speaking English .
te	I	He was still a long way from home , but suddenly he realised how tired he was .
te	O	我翻了个白眼，但是我此刻正咧着嘴笑。
te	O	自从我离开医院后，我们还没有过一次姐妹之夜，而且早就该有了。
te	O	我现在和你在一起，而且我将永远如此。
te	I	I reluctantly took her in my arms and Phelps held her out .
te	I	The other one was down , but one elk could be seen running into the trees .
te	I	The noises that worried Levi weren 't coming from that direction , but he whined occasionally .
te	I	She didn 't have the first clue as to what , but Chain was up to something .
te	O	这很奇怪，但是到夜里结束时，我想它帮助了我们的友谊。
te	O	我想你也有自己的问题，而且看起来吸血鬼也对你有一些影响力。
te	O	他失去平衡，跌倒了，而且颓然地躺在地上。
te	I	The plot really wasn 't up to par , and it was riddled with typos , grammatical errors .
te	I	Selena felt pressure on her body from all sides and the ship accelerated .
te	I	She tilted her head back , her temple touching his , and his hand paused in her hair .
te	O	电源被切断了，就像主屋一样，但是这栋建筑配备了一个备用发电机。
te	I	Her sister spoke every day and he hadn 't realized Lori .
te	O	她有着善意的微笑，不知怎的让我感觉好多了，而且她的眼睛眯起来的方式很可爱。
te	I	I was close to where I was meant to be , but I was not quite there .
te	I	It bubbled back up , but I pushed it down .
te	I	She still wasn 't sure how to do that , and if that happened she would have to explain her presence .
te	I	The truth was , I was on the fence , but I didn 't want to believe it .
te	I	You could stay with me until the dorm opens in June , but her place is full .
te	I	She wasn 't about to welsh on it and that was the deal .
te	I	I made myself stay on my feet , but my knees felt watery .
te	I	I can 't read them from here , but there are letters tattooed on his knuckles .
te	O	他这一年一直为这种事情的不公而烦恼，但是他知道他什么都改变不了。
te	O	奥什仍然能看到他眼中的神情，但是那是一种不同的神情，是悲伤。
te	I	Roberto gasped softly and Blood streamed from her shoulder .
te	O	到那时我已经喝了大约六杯，并且我很难在椅子上坐得住。
te	O	豹子是最小的野猫之一，即使在变形者中也是如此，但是它们是最具统治力的。
te	I	I was too relaxed to care , but sure , I saw it coming .
te	I	There was no movement until just after dawn when a truck came down the road and it was quiet .
te	I	Curiosity tempted her all the same , but Medusa was not sure the eclipse would occur now that the gods had abandoned this place .
te	I	My thighs clenched in lust , and his hot breath tickled my neck .
te	I	I really had no idea that caffeine was a laxative as well as a stimulant , and I drank four cans of Coke in an hour .
te	I	She wore at least one ring on every finger and her fingernails had small palm trees painted on them .
te	I	Evan eased away just long enough to get a blanket , and I shivered .
te	I	Not the way you deserve to be , and not the way I am with Adonis .
te	O	萨姆森曾帮助把蔡斯推入斯隆的怀抱，并承诺永远，但是蔡斯需要自己来，无需被催促。
te	I	I will not let him snatch you away , and I will stay beside you until our wedding .
te	I	The other standard identifiers are inconclusive and the usual narcotics tests are negative .
te	I	Owen swept her off her feet and she was a young , naive country girl .
te	O	弗朗茨叹了口气，假装很失望，但是实际上他松了一口气。
te	I	I burst into laughter and he tickled my sides .
te	I	Ours were dearer to us , but their losses were greater in number .
te	I	She tipped her face up toward his , and her eyelids fell closed .
te	O	他几乎身无分文，并且除非他返回英国，否则他将永远也看不到任何被从他那里拿走的钱。
te	I	There was no lock , so she would have to take her valuables with her , but the inside latch on the door looked sturdy enough .
te	I	We pulled together as a family , but hell , there were rough months .
te	I	This had not been verified , but he claimed he once pitched in Alaska during the war .
te	O	她在1944年曾是他的妹妹，并且那可能让他感到困惑。
te	O	那是个爱管闲事的问题，但是我习惯了。
te	O	我们在公园附近，并且人们在看着。
te	I	Grace stood still , vibrating with tension as if unsure what to do next , and Paul released her .
te	O	真是个奇迹，她心想，而且他的名字叫德里克。
te	O	一开始她没有透露他们的名字，但是如果阿利克斯已经忘记了，杰奎琳却没有。
te	I	I decided to enjoy an evening with our friend Karen and hopefully it 'll just look like Diane .
te	I	Instinctively , my mouth opened to stop them , and my stomach dropped .
te	O	莉兹倒吸一口气，并且塔拉走向她的儿子。
te	I	I closed my fists around the velvety strands , and it was silky-smooth .
te	O	他像吸血蛭一样缠着，并且我把他拖在身后。
te	O	艾莉很快完成了我的夹板，并且一个新计划被制定了。
te	I	The environment seemed lifeless and the line was quiet .
te	O	声音回答道，并且两个男人尽可能快地冲下台阶。
te	O	我的父亲狠狠地反手打我，打得我飞到冰冷的沙地上并且我尝到了血的味道。
te	O	从她眼神中我看出她在说实话，而且我松了口气。
te	O	他走得很好，而且多运动也不会有坏处。
te	I	After the bustle of the busy autumn season , it was almost eerie to see it deserted , and we had entered the empty nursery parking lot .
te	O	她抬起头，而且她唇边的微笑让我的心一紧。
te	O	Daemon又咒骂了一声并且我动了，挡住了他。
te	I	Courtney felt fine about that , and he 'd rented out the house in Chicago for a second year .
te	O	他的手伸了出去并且她抓住了它，把他引向柱子。
te	O	然后一堵墙向外炸开，而且女王冲进了隔壁的小屋。
te	O	这堆化学残骸简直就是一场灾难，而且公墓将有很多事情要解释。
te	O	他盯着她那丰满的乳房，并且这一幕唤醒了他内心的渴望。
te	I	I was - or I wondered how many more scars I would get before Loki was dead .
te	O	有时候它们有实质，并且有时候它们没有。
te	I	It was no reason for him to shut me out , but I got that he was in shock over his diagnosis .
te	I	I cut him off but Malcolm started to talk .
te	I	Her expression wasn 't quite all the way there , but her words made it sound like she was joking .
te	I	I purposely left off two , but you have checked them all out .
te	O	他错过了我们的婚礼，并且你的家人完全回避这个话题。
te	O	她回到堪萨斯城时面临更多挑战，但是现在，这只是一次普通的家庭聚会。
te	O	她吹灭了蛋糕上的七支蜡烛，并且接着多蒂分发蛋糕而保罗舀着潘趣酒。
te	O	我眨了几次眼，并且光线开始变暗。
te	O	那个年轻人幸好逃脱了，但是他逃往何处我将永远不知道。
te	O	我不确定具体情况，但是我们需要你来接我们。
te	I	She expected none , and oh , there were no words of love from him .
te	O	他感觉自己像保罗，但是我无法像扫描大多数人那样轻松地扫描这里很多人。
te	O	他没有看她，但是却拨弄着他叉子的尖齿。
te	I	Red tinged his vision , and the scent of iron filled Sebastian 's nose .
te	I	I dropped the lamp with another ungodly clatter , and the force was strong enough to make me yelp .
te	O	文尼找到了一家高档华美达酒店，并且他们住进了一间套房。
te	I	Now his palms are on my ass and he puts them too low .
te	I	He stood by me when I faced up to what I did but I have also broken God 's rules from time to time .
te	O	我还是写了一份报告，并且老板很喜欢。
te	I	He clenched his fists to hold in a burgeoning anger and a cold sliver slid into his heart .
te	I	It bounced off his chest before rolling down the slope and Poseidon threw the rock at him .
te	O	贾里德伸手去拿文件，但是迈尔斯说让它们留在那里。
te	O	他不是医生，但是他知道那对她不好。
te	O	我觉得我能感觉到他也有犹豫，但是那可能只是一厢情愿的想法。
te	I	He pulled me into his arms and his hands reached out for my shoulders .
te	I	I 'd die if he stopped - and he was too hot , too big , too rough .
te	O	那是一个小小的微笑，并且我没有回以微笑。
te	I	There was no answer through our connection , but I asked .
te	I	She does too now , though she used to be his editor and he writes romances .
te	I	Karman put his hand on his wrist but John started to get up as well .
te	I	All traces of unsteadiness gone , and that mischievous grin was spread across his face again .
te	O	小餐馆相当空旷，并且食物一般。
te	O	他早些时候见过凯利，并且她看起来好像随时都可能生孩子。
te	O	在体育课上，篮球是这堂课的名称，并且史蒂夫第一次看到杰瑞·米勒的实际表现。
te	O	我的胸部终于达到了实心的B罩杯，但是我的其他部分看起来仍然太像男孩。
te	O	我的手垂到身侧，并且我瞪了他一眼。
te	O	她本可以避免的，但是她没有。
te	O	她笑了，并且它让我想起了我多年前认识的另一个人。
te	O	我对他们含蓄的否认感到受伤，但是我也可以理解我自己的怪异。
te	I	That didn 't mean there wasn 't one , but he didn 't see any knives on Ava .
te	I	The hatch opens , releasing the ladder for us to climb in and the hovercraft lowers over us .
te	I	An alarm rang somewhere in the back of her mind , and for the first time she saw the depth of his concern .
te	I	You 'll get the same story and you can ask anyone in here .
te	I	She made it her mission to destroy me after I kicked her ass in archery , and Stella was very convincing .
te	I	At least it didn 't smell like death , but the perfume was strong enough to knock out Cerberus .
te	O	他加快了速度，并且我抬起臀部迎合他，我们俩又一次将彼此推向高潮。
te	O	我的恐惧可能已经减轻，但是我的困惑达到了前所未有的程度。
te	I	All their arguments reached a deadlock and they could find no points of contact .
te	I	It was still locked , but he tried the knob .
te	I	We 're back to the starting line , and it falls apart if we can 't reach them .
te	O	他走向门口，并且她绝望地试图想出些什么来让他留在那儿，和她在一起。
te	I	I could afford it and it was empty .
te	I	Let 's gets through the next couple of years , but that actually sounds like a good idea .
te	O	她的触感冰冷，并且她闻起来有吸血鬼的味道。
te	O	他可能开始疑惑她为什么连邮件都不回，但是她不在乎。
te	O	我试过把你们都当成孩子，并且这行不通。
te	O	他们三个都转头看着我，并且我意识到我刚才一定发出了傻气的声音。
te	O	我打开了那个隐蔽的金属舱口，一个地上的隆起，并且我不假思索地跳了下去。
te	O	也许那是一辆出租车，并且我能搭个便车。
te	O	我们一直都在变强，并且舞蹈也比以往任何时候都好。
te	I	His words were the ones that seemed to be coming true , but Pa said my birth ma was a seer .
te	I	My chest aches and my eyes burn .
te	O	我忍不住低声呜咽，并且我觉得我快要因为他只言片语而崩溃了。
te	O	她很感激摩根试图逗斯凯勒开心，但是她知道她那紧张的朋友不会轻易安定下来。
te	O	房间显得格外阴沉，并且与她的心情完美契合。
te	I	It was still Trey 's face that greeted me when I inserted it into the computer , and it was still there when I returned .
te	I	I decided to take it public , and the company did well .
te	O	他很狡猾，并且他很聪明。
te	O	他们甚至还没有发现火，并且他们最先进的武器是木棒。
te	O	他试图弄清楚它们意味着什么，但是他无法破译。
te	O	JD 大步走向她，并且 尼克伸出手阻止他靠近，以免她伤害他。
te	O	她的肚子抽搐了一下，并且 她差点吐了。
te	I	His mouth dropped and he turned around .
te	I	I can 't think clearly and my brain begins to malfunction .
te	O	他的眼睛盯着我的，而且 它们比平时暗了一点。
te	I	Aran was quite sure that he understood what Vanya was and as the time passed , his feelings came more into focus .
te	I	The perimeter was secured and the police had already searched it .
te	I	Gayle was standing so close to Hanna that their h * ps touched , and her dad was still chatting on his cell phone .
te	O	赛亚站在一旁，并且 我开车回家没有回头看。
te	I	He reclaimed the step she 'd taken back , and he kept his hands molded to her behind .
te	I	That afternoon I was on a plane to New York , to see Ben , and I said goodbye to my fellow fliers .
te	I	I said I never had to give it much thought , and we were talking about what I wanted out of life .
te	I	She would , but she hadn 't completely gotten over the heartbreak .
te	O	亨特显然很恼火，并且 珍妮特知道这一点。
te	I	I can feel his skin against mine and he places his hand against my back .
te	O	她问她前居民去了哪里，并且 她说她不知道。
te	O	玛蒂尔达仍然没有跟上来，并且 杰特在上方看着。
te	O	我内心呻吟，但是 话又说回来，这是我们被派到这里来的部分原因。
te	O	我也把手插进了口袋，并且我们在舒适的沉默中走向了我们接下来的活动。
te	O	它正在起作用，但是我仍然坚持我的立场。
te	O	安德森立刻就能看出博尔对什么事情感到心烦，并且他可能知道原因。
te	O	水花四溅，并且她猛地沉了下去。
te	I	The drivers are from the other side of the border and I suspect they .
te	O	下方传来一声惊呼，并且年轻人们稍稍后退，退出了碎石范围。
te	I	There was a certain delicious luxury in giving up entirely , and occasionally I realized there was no point in making the effort .
te	O	我不相信，并且我也不会相信。
te	I	It was not enough , but I walked five feet .
te	I	I opened my eyes weakly and another horrible screech filled the air .
te	I	Suddenly a small glade opened before them , and they rounded a bend upon the miniscule trail , which one overly generous might call a game trail .
te	I	It stays frozen in place , another sign that this isn 't real , but I vaguely feel the shaking of my arm .
te	I	She had never wanted that before , and she wanted a future .
te	O	食物是盘中珍馐，并且我的同伴是人间尤物。
te	O	他把一只手放在我的肩膀上，并且我深吸了一口气。
te	I	She brief ly hugged her back , and Lydia was different , though .
te	I	He isn 't the type of guy to hang out with a gang in the town and usually Damian was alone , not having friends .
te	I	She sniffed me , flipping her lovely white hair , and I petted her nose first .
te	I	You noticed she had style , but she didn 't wear brands .
te	I	I smoothed it out on the table in front of us and she slid it over .
te	I	I went up to my room to rest and she left .
te	I	He stayed still as a rock and he tilted his head forward as if he were listening for something .
te	O	她读过相关资料，但是她从没想过自己能亲眼见到。
te	O	她知道政府在实验室运作中有发言权，而且也许他们对他施加了压力。
te	O	夜幕降临，并且他们在烤架上做了汉堡，还吃完了一袋薯片。
te	I	There 's talk of her running in the senator 's place and the camera loves her .
te	O	他们没告诉他想和他谈什么，并且他开始感到压力很大。
te	O	这是家事，而且这让他很困扰。
te	I	The horse was gone , but the pony grazed contently , hobbled nearby .
te	O	鲍勃点了餐，并且我一动不动地坐着，在他仔细检查伤口的时候。
te	I	Her rich brown coat looked well cared for and Janet was broad of chest .
te	I	As always , our time together comes back to me , and I reflect on these things .
te	O	她试图让自己听起来坚定，哪怕只是对自己而言，但是她能感觉到自己正在变弱。
te	I	I wagged my eyebrows , and Vincent cracked a smile .
te	O	只有我们两个人，并且我们很脆弱。
te	O	她眼角有东西动了一下，并且她转身看到一个女人正俯身在那丛红花上，吸着花香。
te	I	It was not my world to alter , and I have an unfair advantage at night .
te	O	不过在他走向她之前，一只手按住了他的胳膊，并且他看向了左边。
te	O	我告诉罗比奎克利医生说了什么，并且他点了点头。
te	I	The muscle in his jaw jumped and his lips tightened .
te	O	弗兰基又踩了他的脚，并且这次他放开了她。
te	O	我环顾四周，并且我没有看到任何人。
te	O	我想把它烧掉，但是我没有。
te	O	他走进了机库，并且我转向了拖车公园。
te	O	门上传来敲门声，并且伊莎贝尔把头探了进来。
te	I	I angle my head as best I can toward the comm array , and Hit cues me with the go-ahead .
te	O	我因抽泣说不出话来，并且我开始过度换气。
te	I	His eyes blazed , but his face still held no expression .
te	O	火车轰隆隆地向我们驶来，并且无畏派开始蜂拥而上。
te	O	我向老板投诉了他，但是他叫我别管了。
te	I	She was going to work hard at it , but how she was going to solve them , Tessa didn 't know .
te	I	His gaze moved over it quickly and as he turned it over , his brows rose .
te	I	I didn 't , but I could have pursued them .
te	I	Everything hurt so much , and they were too heavy .
te	I	I would have given it to him , too , and I figured I knew what he would want in exchange for the meal .
te	O	一直都是你说了算，但是这次轮到我了。
te	O	我在她身边坐下，并且她靠在我身上。
te	O	米奇步步紧逼着她，并且她无能为力。
te	I	The seclusion was calming , and no one joined us all morning .
te	I	She didn 't have time to think , but the doctor 's words played in her head .
te	O	我感觉好像我占用了你的时间，并且你一无所获，尽管你这么说。
te	O	她的脸庞总是令人赏心悦目，但是现在变得美丽。
te	I	He hadn 't corrected her , and she 'd called him Trent .
te	O	我到那时实际上已在运营都柏林公司，并且我继续担任志愿军的领导。
te	O	这一脚没有踢中目标，但是突然的动作使绳子松了。
te	I	He thought a walk would sober him up , and he 'd had more to drink than usual .
te	O	我本来很想问他，他所说的“有趣”的定义是什么，但是我没有机会。
te	O	我不同意，但是她坚持。
te	I	It cannot hold under her weight , but another one catches her midsection , stopping her .
te	O	我知道克劳迪娅在乎他，并且很明显他也在乎她。
te	O	我读那条短信息时，我的手指颤抖着，并且我感到心跳停止了。
te	O	他在对我微笑，并且这是一个完美的笑容。
te	I	Oriole 's was running out , but Patience was a virtue .
te	O	我是盖奇一直在等的那个女孩，并且我可能有一天会意外地将他杀死。
te	I	I don 't think I like it , and I sense ambivalence in Gage 's tone .
te	O	他对此不高兴，但是他已经处理好了。
te	O	他常常看起来似乎能做到，而且他确实有心灵天赋，那些天赋在她想到时有点可怕。
te	O	我们开始离开了，但是雅凯西娅阻止了我们。
te	O	她痛苦地喘息着，并且他收回了他的手。
te	O	门终于开了，放出了比肮脏的窗户允许逸出的更多的光，并且女孩出来了。
te	I	The Boss had been caught off guard , but it didn 't happen often .
te	I	She missed his warmth against her , and her insides still felt like liquid .
te	O	否认是我的反应，并且我欢迎它。
te	O	现在她会问更多问题了，并且我没有回答它们的愿望。
te	I	On some level , I feel as though they 're cheapening their loss , but it 's not that I mind giving them the credits .
te	O	也许有些人会这么说，但是他诚实地不这么认为。
te	I	He would help her do just that and she 'd told him she wanted to forget .
te	I	It wasn 't a figurative one , and there was a brightness in her eyes .
te	O	他离开后不久，休伦人就与一些苏族人发生了冲突，并且苏族人试图促成和平。
te	O	他没有武器，并且城堡内部的布局也不是众所周知的。
te	I	He 's on his way here and I 've managed to locate Renton .
te	I	From there it was a much shorter flight to Zimbabwe , and we were almost to Johannesburg .
te	I	Shattering glass and crunching metal .
te	I	She knew she must try , but she had no idea .
te	I	I couldn 't risk missing a single part of his exchange , but not that I doubted my abilities .
te	O	与印第安人的贸易仍在继续，并且他们中的一些人甚至被给予了火枪以获得更多保护。
te	O	路德将他的魔杖插入一堵缠结的根墙，并且它们从杖尖散开，形成了一个宽阔的圆形开口。
te	I	I could understand how difficult it was to believe , but I 'd told Will about my dreams countless times .
te	I	We hid from them during the Inquisition , and we have dominated them as gods of the ancient world .
te	I	The door was slammed behind them and they were shoved into the darkness .
te	O	一只小小的橙色螃蟹向里奇挥舞着钳子，并且一只亮蓝色的螃蟹咬住了尼尔的手指。
te	I	She deserved to be freed , and she was the true hero , much more so then he himself was .
te	O	它们基本上是相同的徽章，但是它们没有龙息。
te	O	她在那里，并且她高举着她的银色相框。
te	O	不完全是缓刑，但是有一些回旋余地。
te	O	我能看出你生活很忙碌，并且我会尽量让事情与你最相关。
te	I	They strapped some sort of contraption around my head and I was transferred to one of the medical tables .
te	O	霍纳在他身后猛地关上门，并且我跳进了副驾驶座。
te	I	It was the best I could do , but it wasn 't as wide as me .
te	O	我有我的女儿，并且从今以后就只有我们俩了。
te	O	我让你爱上我了，但是并非以我所需要的方式。
te	O	我无法想象他怎么可能已经能四处走动了，但是他确实正在医院自助餐厅旁的走廊里走着。
te	O	凯蒂对他皱眉，但是接着她的脸亮了起来。
te	O	我问了，但是我是在对空说话。
te	I	Once he stood he listened , almost without breathing , but now it seemed fine .
te	O	他们大吵了一架，并且斯通与她断绝了关系。
te	I	I 'll give it to you and what do you want .
te	I	The Lord has taken away ; blessed be the name of the Lord , and the Lord gave .
te	I	Because I didn 't realize anything had happened , but I gasp , not because I 'm hurt .
te	O	也许她以为我只是为了加快我们逃跑才这么说，但是这是千真万确的事实。
te	O	德弗试图猛地把车往前开，但是他知道没希望了，他们距离目的地最快也还有好几分钟。
te	O	莱克茜拉着我往前走，并且我们跑了起来。
te	O	克里斯试图让声音听起来轻松，但是他的声音却很紧张。
te	O	她的手臂环上他的脖子，并且她将身体紧贴着他。
te	O	他的思绪追溯着他走到现在这条路，并且他看到一个牧羊人正在工作，尤其是最近。
te	O	他有时感觉到简有些冷淡，但是他却忽视了这一点。
te	O	我们必须利用当地资源制造一些东西，并且它需要有一个特定的用途。
te	O	他挥了挥手，并且我也挥手回应了。
te	I	Fail-safe measures would be employed to shut down this segment of the pipeline system and sensors on the line would report a loss of pressure .
te	O	她闭上眼睛片刻，并且当她睁开眼睛时，兰德已经悄悄靠近，再次弯向她的喉咙。
te	O	他没有特别关注她，并且她也没有主动寻求。
te	I	I still kept my eyes closed , but I could feel him watching me .
te	I	Nobody has any available , but I 've asked everywhere for glass .
te	O	我已经告诉过你我对你的保护欲，并且我认为这可能与你今天早些时候告诉我的事情有关。
te	O	他先是哼了几声，但是随后他的呻吟变成了嚎叫。
te	O	恶心，我知道，但是这完全符合她。
te	O	格雷厄姆的大手伸向她的腰侧，并且他用一块蘸了东西的布按在剑伤上。
te	I	That 's Aidan and that 's Aisling .
te	O	他的存在感觉像永恒，并且从很多方面来说，它也确实是如此。
te	I	There was no reason for our attendance , but descendants were required to attend school , just like the Norms in the Fields .
te	I	Then there 's the girl you bring home , and there 's casual girlfriends .
te	I	I reached down to her pants and she laughed .
te	I	She got to travel and the money was great .
te	I	The owner of the house was trying to lay a trap for them , but Jed didn 't know it .
te	O	他的细心没有被忽视，并且她很感激她甚至不需要开口要求任何东西。
te	I	He was the epitome of intense and she 'd spent time with Julio .
te	I	I 'm the only one who turns to look at him and Fox snorts .
te	I	She was pretty sure that was exactly where he belonged , but they 'd all been so afraid Jeremy would end up in a sanatorium .
te	I	I don 't think either of them knows it about each other , but I know what I saw from both of them .
te	I	I went nowhere , but my feet moved .
te	I	I let out a little shriek , and the images stare out at me .
te	I	The Prince looked up at the sky , terror seizing him , and rain began to fall .
te	I	The music fell apart and Will lost his focus , hitting a throng of wrong keys .
te	O	他及时转身，看到子弹横向穿透了另外两个人，并且侧向飞溅的血液标出了火线。
te	O	我把它吸了进去，并且光也进来了。
te	I	She was keeping the tears contained , but her eyes were red .
te	I	If someone was handing out awards for those , he 'd win , but I am not obsessed with kissing ( maybe I am a little ) .
te	I	She died in childbirth , and the queen gave birth to twins , twin sons .
te	I	She quickly masked it , but a hint of dissatisfaction showed in her expression , the same dissatisfaction he 'd noted earlier .
te	I	A winch lifted her cleanly to the top of the cabinet where she jumped off and he to press the button on the control box .
te	I	Abe stepped ahead to where the canyon split into two courses , but Gray glanced to him .
te	O	总之我拿起项链，并且一种难以形容的感觉涌上心头。
te	I	They served as a kind of map of consciousness , and myths had once represented the common knowledge of humanity .
te	I	Little Spirit guessed the final cut would look fantastic given their enthusiasm but they had a smaller audience crowding their stage .
te	O	她的目光滑向我，并且一只优雅的眉毛挑了起来。
te	I	It took until 1993 to finish , but I started that one in 1990 .
te	I	It was a sin just the same , but I 'd learned to take vengeance gently .
te	O	他的头发像乌鸦的翅膀一样黑，并且他的眼睛是鲜艳的蓝色。
te	I	You were also wrong , but you were right .
te	I	Twice you have broken the promise , and you 've promised me twice .
te	O	他让亚历克斯关于孩子是永远的说法以及丽芙是布拉德的女儿这件事让他陷入了恐慌模式。
te	O	武器火力暂时平息了，并且马尔科姆抓住机会将尸体掷向袭击者。
te	O	他体内的野兽保护了她，并且现在它想要得到回报。
te	I	He entered the sale carefully , and they actually bought silver bands .
te	I	In the chaos it was growing so fast its business seemed out of control , but the law firm was wildly successful .
te	O	早晨的阳光温暖着我的皮肤，并且人们匆匆从我身边走过。
te	I	As he crossed the threshold , memories flooded back , yet he couldn 't remember the last time he 'd stepped foot in the apartment .
te	O	肖恩很紧张，并且我听到他尖叫着把一把木椅推了回去。
te	I	She wondered if it would ever end , and it was the best kind of falling .
te	I	He did his best , forcing the words out , but his voice didn 't want to work .
te	I	The way he played on Jess 's emotions pissed me off , and I didn 't trust the guy .
te	I	They were both adventurous and both of them were slightly plump , with round red chubby cheeks .
te	O	我们离地面很近，并且我没有多少时间了。
te	I	My stomach felt hollow and my muscles ached .
te	I	It was very upsetting , and I 'm just tired .
te	I	Then another monster went flying by Cassie , its hands clenching at the knife buried deep in its chest , and Chris shouted .
te	I	He must have sensed the movement , but I cry .
te	I	Her body pressed up tight against his and her arms hung on his shoulders .
te	O	至少我没有流口水，或者我的笔记本电脑就会坏了。
te	I	I went into them and he opened his arms .
te	O	山姆一直看着我，并且我试图忽视它们。
te	O	他试图分散我的注意力，并且这很奏效。
te	I	Jason 's hand was on my back , leading me toward it , and the limo I was accustomed to seeing pulled in front of the house .
te	O	皇冠不祥地放在那里，并且我瞥了一眼那个老人。
te	O	门铃响了，并且他让送货员进来了。
te	O	乔治的手机突然响了，并且他告辞了，留下我独自一人在我的包厢里。
te	O	我一直在想我至少应该试着和他搏斗，但是如果我动了，他可能会把枪从我手中夺走。
te	O	他身后有脚步声，但是他没有被追赶。
te	O	她很矮，只到他的肩膀，并且穿着一条似乎专为她定制的深色牛仔裤。
te	O	他记得肯尼迪死了，并且约翰逊是他们来时的总统。
te	I	I couldn 't quite manage it , but I tried to look friendly in return .
te	I	In her own way she looked as good as she could , but she could not help looking like Kirsty .
te	O	现在她只是在折磨自己，但是她必须知道。
te	O	布雷克可能很乐观，认为他击中了克里德一枪，但是蒂格不这么认为。
te	I	He turned us away and I can only hope that we 'll make my guy 's place before it 's too late .
te	I	We were full of a lot of good food , but both of us were far too inebriated to drive .
te	I	We were lucky to get her , and she actually spent a summer in Boone Creek when she was a girl .
te	I	I can 't compete , and Sasha calls him Dad .
te	O	当她进入时，他的表情僵硬了，并且她能感觉到他的目光紧盯着她。
te	O	安娜终于同意去见他的父母，但是她这样做是很不情愿的。
te	O	他的拇指再次抚摸她的手掌，并且她回望自己的手，那手仍被他握着。
te	I	The whole thing collapses and one wrong turn here .
te	O	他自己的一些人因此而退休了，并且随着时间的推移，情况并没有变得更容易。
te	I	His post-college relationship would have ended anyway , but maybe he had been biding his time , waiting .
te	I	It was only minutes before the nurse returned him to his father , but he felt like he had stood there for hours .
te	I	I came into full view and the Red Woman stepped aside .
te	O	我停下了狂乱的编织，但是我却没有抬头。
te	O	他抬手轻抚她的脸颊，并且她在他的触碰下闭上了眼睛。
te	O	我们走出杂物间，并且我径直撞上了神秘女人。
te	I	The long-sleeve shirt was probably two sizes too small and my sweats were at least two sizes too big .
te	I	His dad was right , and Trevor thought about it .
te	I	The ship on the top of her high hair rocked as if a storm had risen suddenly and she began to giggle .
te	O	珍妮看他一眼，就知道他有能力做出他被指控的所有卑鄙行为。
te	I	I still got the better deal , but Farah 's surprisingly hard right hook would leave me sporting a panda look for a while .
te	I	Alec must have been bad and whatever went on between Zack .
te	I	Now she regretted it , but for the longest time , she 'd been grateful that she hadn 't inherited her father 's nose .
te	O	他参过军，但是他只是个太空人，所以他不能随心所欲。
te	I	The turmoil within me is gaining speed , ripping away the small fraction of control that remains , and I 'm all emotion .
te	O	她把他拉得更近，并且他的手臂擦过了她的乳房侧面。
te	I	We refer to ourselves as Carpathian , and we originated in the Carpathian Mountains .
te	O	这里灯都关了，所以我怀疑他看不见我，然而他却盯着看了那么久，久到我或许觉得他能看见。
te	I	Then I realized it probably wouldn 't make a difference , but I almost told them that to save my own skin .
te	O	你不能没有爱地过完一生，而且你却有太多的爱可以付出。
te	O	我对睡前故事有着无止境的渴望，因为那是我依恋父母记忆的方式，并且他们知道这一点。
te	I	The landscape continued to build and the animals grew in number .
te	I	This is to inform you that the position is yours if you want it and a permanent position with the same general responsibilities has recently become vacant .
te	O	米娅不容易累，而且她跑得相当快，至少她自己是这么认为的。
te	O	她也必须考虑西奥想要的生活，并且毫无疑问他想要他的父亲。
te	I	He held me so close like he didn 't want to let go and our bodies were molded together .
te	O	她的全部注意力都集中在她发麻的膝盖上，而且这让她气得要命。
te	O	陷入昏迷的女孩是莱拉·莱恩，并且另一个，他想观察的那个，是妮可拉·莱恩。
te	I	She could sense the uncertainty he was feeling , but he just looked at her , face blank .
te	I	He still didn 't know what Allison saw in him , but seeing Seth act something other than completely hostile was fascinating .
te	I	Chris Prince let them come ... and tears came to his eyes .
te	O	我以为远离我能保护你，但是这只会让事情变得更糟。
te	I	Here we stand , but you have made some poor choices , Drake .
te	I	He was watching the others , but he was speaking to Sidra .
te	O	他的触摸很轻柔，但是他的手指却很有力。
te	I	The Prince feared that would be the end of the conversation , and there was a long pause in which neither of them spoke .
te	I	I place her , but it takes me a minute .
te	O	厨房有一扇门通向车库，并且我确信内尔有自己的车。
te	O	惊讶地，那人抬头看着我，但是优势已经在我这边了。
te	I	It was strong , but she managed to get one hand against the roach 's chest .
te	I	The managers loved it and the broken guitar string made Mac perform without it .
te	O	我不是他的财产，并且他不能控制我。
te	I	He didn 't know how to escape and Matt blinked , as if Lewis had caught him off guard .
te	O	他们看着它渐渐远去，并且接着，几英里外，它被一座小山遮蔽了。
te	O	我已经等了他两年多了，而且不知怎的，我对他的了解超出了我本可能达到的程度。
te	O	这个问题看起来很无辜，但是我已经在海边住得够久了，知道海面下潜藏着看不见的暗流。
te	I	You can 't , but you want to .
te	I	I answered for her , but Pari turned to respond .
te	O	哈塞尔先生可能不知道关于整个世界的一切，但是他知道很多关于俄勒冈大道上人们的事情。
te	O	我们看了电影，并且我一整天都没有换掉睡衣。
te	I	With the right touch , I know that I will shatter , and I 'm awash in sensation , my entire body sparking like a live wire .
te	I	She picked it up and the sat phone rang again .
te	I	A conventional assault would require a hefty price in blood , but it would be possible to grind resistance down , eventually .
te	O	他不想离开她，但是他不能让她整夜不睡。
te	I	She ran her fingers through my hair and I slipped a hand under her sweater .
te	O	她看起来快要哭了，并且那是他的致命弱点。
te	I	Clean , he said , but it pierced me deep .
te	I	She slips an arm around Adam 's waist affectionately , and her curls shine golden in the fading light .
te	I	Dave repeated his conversation with Mario and Chris came into Dave 's office .
te	I	His voice was thick with wrath , and Thorin at length broke the silence .
te	I	She felt very much like fainting , and it made him all the uglier .
te	O	我不想和他讨论这件事，但是我想谈论一个除了莫莉之外的女孩也许能帮助缓和气氛。
te	I	It was hardly a smile , but the corners of the angel 's mouth tipped up .
te	I	The line started to inch its self forward , and The before they could talk further the assembly line hooter sounded .
te	O	我立刻僵住了，并且斧刃离米歇尔的头只差一英寸。
te	O	它太大了，并且她把下摆系在她的臀部周围。
te	O	他今天早上帅得离谱，并且很难停止眉开眼笑。
te	I	He always assumed they were just that : legends , but there had always been legends of White Wolves talking .
te	I	He couldn 't concentrate , but he had so much to do .
te	I	Justin felt a corresponding frisson of physical attraction , and Louisa 's eyes flashed with annoyance .
te	I	He turned to Themis and zeus tossed the device off the cliff .
te	O	他们心中有上帝，但是你似乎没有。
te	O	她摸起来很烫，并且她的皮肤上正在起水泡。
te	I	She pressed her lips together , and Harriet 's eyes flashed .
te	O	她不知道自己要去哪里，但是她无法忍受再在那所房子里多待一刻。
te	I	They don 't , but I wait a little longer with my arm in the water , hoping they 'll fade .
te	I	He stopped , but he didn 't mean to .
te	O	她有一千个问题想问她哥哥，但是她不知道如何措辞。
te	O	斯莱德尔·特纳的储物柜在右边，并且左边的名字是特雷·科尔比。
te	O	我看到他脸颊上的一块肌肉抽动了一下，并且我能看到他手臂上如同绳索般的肌肉在对抗他的欲望而紧绷着。
te	O	当我的右腿承受身体重量时，我痛苦地哼了一声，但是我继续移动。
te	I	Billy was sitting in the doorway behind them , and Charlie was standing under the little back porch .
te	O	他的头转过去，并且他们的目光相遇了。
te	O	他已经累了，并且攀登才刚刚开始。
te	I	We immediately saw why , and the voice was hollow , echoing .
te	I	The reflection of the rose was on her face , and she smiled as he opened his eyes to her .
te	I	I wasn 't fooled , but it appeared that she was looking right through us .
te	I	Right now she didn 't appear capable of shouldering another burden , and the news would have distressed her .
te	O	当他亲吻她的脸颊侧面时，她的心跳加速了，并且她默默地恳求她的身体不要开始出汗。
te	I	The wagon lurched forward as the horses began to move , and Bax gave the reins a flick .
te	O	火焰在尖端出现，并且他把它放在火下面。
te	I	We 're done with that , but I went along with it .
te	O	他深吸了一口气，并且它几乎是无声的，因为它从他的嘴唇中轻轻呼出。
te	I	I 'll throw him his bone , too , but a First Class Directive .
te	O	我带着克制的恐惧看着阿莫里，并且他带着同样的忐忑回望着。
te	I	I nodded , and she said .
te	I	He found it the most adorable thing in the world , and she pouted .
te	O	他曾和我一起在洛杉矶的侦探社工作，并且他喜欢伪装。
te	I	Simon is quietly reading a story to his younger brothers , and Sarah is nursing the baby .
te	I	Then he jumps down , landing beside me , and orders Greg to the others from above me .
te	I	The locks clicked open with his touch and Eastman set his briefcase down on the desk .
te	I	She didn 't stop retreating until her back pressed into a thick tree trunk , and he didn 't stop coming .
te	I	If they get distracted , we can even read them , but it 's harder if the immortal is older than you .
te	O	已经很晚了，并且我今天还没给我妈妈打电话。
te	I	A vase , attached to a low table , boasted a stunning bouquet of fresh spring flowers and there were a few paintings hung about .
te	O	礼宾员叫来了行李员，并且他带我们去了电梯。
te	I	You 'll fall over the first stone while thinking about the tenth and plan too far ahead .
te	I	I knew the moment she was taken that I actually loved her , but it was taking me a while to face it .
te	I	It wasn 't fear , but I shook with emotion .
te	I	I decide that I 'm the lucky one and he smiles .
te	O	他不知道她父亲是什么样的人，并且他正在毁掉任何缓和局势的机会。
te	I	It has you pretty upset and something 's on your mind .
te	I	She was grateful they were there , but she didn 't yet know how to use them .
te	I	They turned to find the source and a golden light seeped into the apartment .
te	O	蜂鸣声加快了，并且我试图睁开眼睛看看是什么发出了那可怕的噪音。
te	O	我很美丽，并且我比她有更多的钱。
te	I	Even if I didn 't , I couldn 't stop myself from going to her , but I know her father knows how I feel about her .
te	O	他们仍然在酒店里，并且尼克踪影全无。
te	I	I keep seeing him while awake too , but you say he 's part of this Nightmare World .
te	O	他有力的手现在环绕着我的腰，并且他紧抓住我的臀部，将我拉倒在地。
te	I	I felt warm but it 's cold .
te	O	那里的丛林已被砍伐，并且我们穿过了废墟。
te	I	I just let it go , without trying to do anything and he told me about his parents .
te	I	He had purchased a few more , and the money we were bringing in has allowed him to expand his enterprise into other taverns around town .
te	I	It was nice sitting here above the world with Jenny , but Shawn felt he should be working .
te	I	Jonathan allowed himself a sigh of relief , and the sound faded .
te	O	当船长看着时，他看见DVD在太空中飞行，并且它看起来非常真实。
te	O	她正要纠正他，但是当光线映照出他递给她看的东西时，她就失了神。
te	I	I didn 't think that was the answer she wanted to hear but I knew it wasn 't .
te	O	他很快就发现了她，并且当他终于能与她眼神交流时，他向她招手示意。
te	I	He had to borrow # 20 from Pete to buy it ( which he has yet to repay ) , and it cost a whopping # 60 .
te	I	I had to laugh , and Lada yelled at her .
te	O	她的嫂子对她的住处不满意，并且她想搬进格雷姆的房间。
te	I	It didn 't hurt me to catch some zzz 's either , and you just needed a little nap .
te	I	Now she wondered if everyone found him that way , but she may have personally found the man incredibly offensive .
te	I	He just pulled back further , teasing me with how close he was , but I arched my hips , trying to take him in .
te	I	Likely it would be along the same track he was on , and Jeff was going to do what he was going to do .
te	O	又传来一阵悉索声，并且比尔·多尔的头从阁楼边缘探了出来。
te	I	I could take this opportunity to further my own agenda , or I could let my anger get the best of me .
te	O	加里走近她并触碰了她。
te	O	我试着说话，但是只发出了像咕噜声一样的水下呼吸声。
te	O	他下次浮出水面时她仍然在那里，并且这一次最初的恐惧持续时间更短。
te	I	He knew that wasn 't an option , but he would have given his right arm to have them back .
te	O	我们已经检查了每个人的手机通话记录，并且我们注意到自从那次争吵后你没有与本吉联系过。
te	O	那些话语如同低吼，并且他知道自己的目光刺穿了她。
te	O	她的能力是更基础的巫师力量，但是它们仍然战胜了西蒙娜的。
te	I	Marcella had dined at the Columbia that evening and everybody who was anybody in Sarasota would know he .
te	O	艾弗里开始提出异议，但是盖伊的动作太快了。
te	O	路灯的安全感渐渐消失，并且当有东西卷住我的嘴巴时，我无法尖叫。
te	I	I stood and my lips twitched at the corners .
te	O	我看了看我的后视镜，确信自己听到了摩托车启动的声音，但是我的身后只有汽车。
te	O	那些建筑物腐朽不堪，以至于它们中任何一座还能有屋顶简直是个奇迹，并且恶臭令人作呕。
te	I	It looked familiar but he couldn 't read it .
te	O	她没指望会从中得到什么，并且到目前为止，我还没看到他们抵达。
te	O	说得对，但是他不打算告诉她那部分他已经忘了。
te	I	He kept turning in his saddle to look back , and Berit was riding several hundred yards to the rear .
te	I	Many windows had to be replaced , and the floors needed to be sanded .
te	O	子弹射中男子的凯夫拉防弹衣，但是一发子弹击中了他的后脑勺。
te	O	肯特看着我，并且我能看出他明白了。
te	I	It was the same thing and I quickly grabbed another one .
te	I	My father do and I 'm running from the aid camp into the jungle , towards Hannu 's hut , desperate to get there before Ivan .
te	I	Adam knew it , and he wasn 't .
te	O	设置可以更改，但是麦克发现透明度增加会导致分心程度增加。
te	O	当我移动时，空气中会出现轻微的微光，一种波浪状的破坏性图案，但是我却看不到血肉。
te	I	Richard dismounted him , and Dakota seemed content with his decision .
te	I	She was wearing a fancy dress with black patent leather shoes , and her hair was curled into pretty ringlets tied with a ribbon .
te	O	这不是开玩笑的时候，但是我就是忍不住。
te	O	尼克跟着，并且我们一起爬上了通往警长办公室的台阶。
te	I	Nothing happened , but she pressed the power button .
te	I	It had only been a moment and I missed feeling it in her hand .
te	I	Blue Eyes scowls , and I pack up my guitar .
te	I	You can unsubscribe whenever you want and your email address will remain confidential .
te	O	她戴着手套的双手仍然紧握着两把冰镐，并且她的剑带鞘横挂在她塞满的背包上。
te	O	我的太阳穴搏动着，并且伤口愈合缓慢，这真正表明我正在迅速失去力气。
te	I	He refused to wear the stretchy outfit Fiji had suggested when they 'd gone to the costume store , but he would have looked even more striking .
te	O	我非常沮丧，拳头紧握着，并且嘴唇颤抖着。
te	I	He 'd never seen this done , but he knew healers could retrieve spirits that hadn 't gone too far into the other world .
te	I	He wouldn 't tell her where he was going and he would leave every night .
te	I	They began rolling down the road and Byron pulled out of the attached parking garage .
te	O	Vaughn不停地战斗着，不过，他的手伸向书架去拿另一个模型……，并且空手而归。
te	O	我再次按照他的指示开车去了他家，但是这次房子旁边停着另一辆车。
te	I	It was odd enough to make her slow to a halt , and it looked like a solid form , a deep orange mass .
te	O	如果他想保护她免受伯顿的伤害，他很善良，但是伯顿会赢。
te	I	We 'd start all over again someplace else , and then the trails would peter out on him .
te	I	My heart turned over , and he stared at me .
te	I	The flowers were now fully grown , waving gently and he turned back to his side .
te	O	在黑暗中很难看清任何东西，但是我还是设法走到一个后院露台。
te	I	He didn 't seem to care but she threw up all over him .
te	I	His body ached and his face throbbed painfully .
te	O	门把手转动了，并且门闩咔嗒响了。
te	O	五年级的时候我给她改名为安琪儿，并且她很高兴被称为更好的替代者。
te	I	My eyes swelled up , and Bile burned my throat .
te	I	The drastic drop in temperature is a welcome replacement to the scorcher of a summer the boy has endured , and the rain has ceased .
te	I	I hear the distinct snapping of a nose being broken before a gush of blood follows and the fiberglass of his helmet shatters .
te	I	She gave him a small nod and her dark eyes met his .
te	I	It 's when we 're coming down a steep hillside that I fall and Afternoon turns into another evening .
te	O	他检查了其他船员，并且他们都准备结束一天的工作了。
te	I	He wondered if the sky might fall upon him too and his eyes were drawn to the clouds that hung overhead .
te	O	他能感觉到它缠绕在他的脸上，并且他鼻孔里的管子伸得很深。
te	I	I made a pasta salad for dinner and Chapter 7 June 7th , 1990 Jenny .
te	I	He winked from his spot on the bed , and with a smile I looked up .
te	O	我对他笑了，并且他及时离开了。
te	I	Then the state made sure of that , but he hadn 't been late with a check yet .
te	I	He was another sniper for the Day Soldiers and his name was Enrico .
te	I	If I did , Mom didn 't let on but I try not to flinch away .
te	I	For some reason , he found himself covering the distance between them , but ordinarily , he would never have the nerve to speak to her .
te	O	死亡现在比以往任何时候都更近，并且死亡的念头几乎让人无法承受。
te	O	比克斯比小学就在正前方，但是他提前很远就抛锚了。
te	O	我的脸颊变红了，并且我伸长脖子，试图驱散他爱抚后我仍然感受到的酥麻感。
te	O	他按下了夹在遮阳板上的车库门开启器上的开门按钮，并且门慢慢地一点点打开了。
te	O	如果有的话，沿着那条路走，并且它应该会把你带到洗衣房。
te	I	I gladly take it and he hands me a coffee .
te	O	我的心沉到了胃里，并且我转过身去。
te	O	对我来说，她的名字叫福特娜特，但是我认为自己能遇到她更幸运。
te	O	四周散落着几顶帐篷，但是大多数弓箭手住在与农奴房屋非常相似的粗陋小屋里。
te	I	Josie would be forever grateful , and something had brought Faye downtown .
te	O	他默默地整理着衣服，但是他全身都在疼痛。
te	I	I realized what the rumbling was , and I squinted , trying to see exactly what it was ... My breath caught in my throat .
te	I	He 'd left behind the biggest mess she could imagine , and her almost ex-husband had been killed in a horrific manner .
te	I	Her deity gave no answer and she called on her god .
te	I	Perhaps together you could dupe someone else , and now that you understood , you could both enjoy the game .
te	I	Three women enter the room and before she is able to connect with Jon , there is a knock on the door .
te	O	靠着远处的墙壁，有一个用于诊断的终端，但是也许它连接着空间站的其他部分。
te	I	His mom stepped inside and he was still admiring his handiwork when the front door flew open .
te	I	It was the kind she could purchase , and she had only one dream left , though .
te	O	我想最终进入奥运队，并且那意味着我必须进入国家队。
te	O	其他几名新兵调整了站姿，但是没有人做出任何离开的动作。
te	O	凯莉问萨拉，并且然后她突然明白了萨拉在问什么。
te	O	他走进了城堡，并且许多分钟过去了，当时他们汗流浃背地站在烈日下。
te	I	She sat up in the chair , and the car , she could tell , was idling in the road .
te	O	我们收留他们，教导他们神之道，但是毫无用处。
te	I	I just nodded , and Emotion clogged my throat .
te	O	他畏缩了，他的眼睛搜寻着小岛海岸，寻找麻烦的迹象，但是那里没有其他人。
te	O	她想亲自勒死法官，但是她只好安慰她的朋友。
te	I	The monitors along the wall flickered on , and he flipped a switch near the door .
te	O	他的眼中闪过一丝深深的恐慌，并且他挣脱了她。
te	I	You 'll be getting there after sundown , but if you 'd like to head to the ranch , I can show you the way .
te	I	I didn 't know what to say and I was taken aback by his words .
te	O	那些应该是他的目标，但是诺亚却让我吃惊，他滑到了我旁边的桌子旁。
te	I	I knew he was teasing me again , and he grinned .
te	I	It was too late for that now , but he could use the ID .
te	I	It quickly faded , but for a brief moment , he was tempted to come clean .
te	I	I saw a small tear rolling from her eyes and I stared at her face as she closed the door .
te	O	她的手臂猛地拍在柜台上，并且她挣扎着把双腿张得更开。
te	I	Maks heard the guardsmen , who 'd moved off into the night , call out that they had located lumber and there was more arguing .
te	I	He stares across the room at nothing in particular and his jaw is set firmly .
te	O	他们都陷入了恐慌，并且我知道《高朗报》将在宫殿里过夜。
te	O	我想给你留下点什么，当我们告别并且你陷入那幸福的无意识中时。
te	O	在工程甲板工作的所有人都各就各位了，并且物质-反物质专家们前往了引擎室。
te	O	风已经开始变大，并且她感觉到空气中有雨水，尽管雨暂时还没落下。
te	I	Ward waited until the marauder twisted to use the momentum to twirl them both over , and Hammer focused on beating at his sides .
te	I	You didn 't come in at all , or as far as he could make out , you came in by the door .
te	O	我真没想到医院的味道在一周后还能挥之不去，但是贝克皱起的鼻子却表明了事实并非如此。
te	I	One thing they did know , but her origins were unclear .
te	I	Servants spoke of them , but I never saw them .
te	I	Jack walked through and a door opened .
te	I	Lying on his stomach , and his cock was thick , not entirely erect .
te	I	Either choice was going to result in the loss of life , and turning back was no better an option than continuing on .
te	I	There were dishes stacked on the kitchen counter and Furniture had been moved .
te	O	莱西努力不被吓倒，但是萨尔生气起来就是一股强大的力量。
te	I	She shook her head and her eyes watered .
te	O	在相邻的田地里，一台收割机正在收割成熟的小麦，并且一半的田地都被整齐堆放的玉米秸秆覆盖着。
te	O	无论是不是奴隶，她都不是那种会温顺地接受任何限制的恶魔。
te	O	漫游车有充足的电力，并且医疗包里有一根针。
te	I	It was quick thinking , but it wasn 't true .
te	I	The boy isn 't our priority right now , but I 'm sorry to say it .
te	I	You never answer me and I 've asked you to go out with me at least six times .
te	I	It sat purring on her lap , clearly satisfied with the situation and she picked it up .
te	O	电话响了，但是她没有理会。
te	I	Once in a while , he got lucky , but his eyesight was going by then , so his aim was usually off .
te	I	I thought , in desperation , I 've lost him , and they looked deeply at each other for a long second .
te	I	He fell asleep right there on the floor , but we played with Noah for a little while .
te	I	It was surprisingly heavy , but it 's cliche .
te	I	I understand why you were in Vegas and I understood why you left on Christmas .
te	O	他们的磁性靴子将他们牢固地固定在飞船上，并且他们开始走上舷梯。
te	I	She ate the rest of the ice cream sample and when the flavor hit her , her eyes widened .
te	O	我的思想集中在目标上，并且我与一切都融为一体。
te	O	他们会和几乎任何事情争论，但是最终，他们会再次成为朋友。
te	O	还没有电话，但是还有时间。
te	O	房间开始移动，并且我的胃也随着晃动翻腾。
te	I	The air was heavy with humidity as the oncoming storm approached and the jungle was hot .
te	O	他们怒火中烧，并且他的下颚线紧绷。
te	O	七号后退，扩大了圈子，但是一个留在原地。
te	O	我一整晚都没回来，并且她可能担心坏了。
te	I	He shook his head but I looked at Caden .
te	O	我爬出了水，并且盖比递给我一条毛巾。
te	O	他突然停止了进食，并且当他吞咽时，他看起来像是把三明治整个吞了下去。
te	O	当他谈论亚历克莎的生活时，我的思绪飘走了，并且我又开始想起伊森。
te	O	索耶点了点头，并且艾丹跳了起来。
te	O	他们分开了，双方都带着似乎是旧恨的眼神互相打量着。
te	O	他们徒劳地举起手臂抵抗，但是阵风的力量将他们推了回去。
te	O	那是他想要的，但是他想知道那是否能经受住新闻镜头的考验。
te	I	The boy believed him without question and he seemed very trust worthy .
te	O	她的眼睛深处蕴含着丰富的激情，并且当她舔了舔嘴唇时，他知道了她的意图。
te	I	It 's dead silent , but I strain to listen for conversation inside the car .
te	O	他怀疑得没错，那个腹部受伤的人已经没有脉搏了，但是另一个人似乎还能撑住。
te	O	你一直对我很懈怠，而且你的成绩一直在下降。
te	I	I didn 't want to go , but he tried to convince me to let him take me to the emergency room .
te	O	房子卖掉的那天我哭了，而且虽然她从不让我看到她的眼泪，但我相信玛格丽特也哭了。
te	O	自从他父母还在世时，他就再也没有过一棵树了，而且这对他是非常感人的一刻。
te	O	这是她恐吓他的方式，但是他不会被吓倒。
te	O	沃利斯认为那是他们所做一切的基础，也就是144，而且他认为那可能是他们通往未来的道路。
te	I	I 'm certain that most of you have heard of her , and the lady in question has a towering reputation .
te	I	Actually saying it aloud held its own painful sweetness , and there was nothing to be gained from denying it .
te	O	另外三人反应一致，并且我无法挡住他们所有的攻击。
te	I	Chances were , a lot of it wasn 't pretty , and much more might be lurking within the depths .
te	I	Andrew had all the time he needed , but it TOOK TIME .
te	I	That surprised me , and her voice was unfriendly .
te	I	Her face turned red , and she began to pant in a rhythm .
te	O	他可以和我在一起，或者他可以和她在一起。
te	O	我皮肤白皙，而不是深色皮肤，并且 我有绿色的眼睛，而不是棕色的眼睛。
te	O	也许外面有比我更适合你的人，但是 我自私到希望你永远不要遇见他。
te	O	迈耶口渴了，但是 他一点胃口都没有。
te	O	几个顾客注意到我盯着他们，并且 我移开了视线。
te	O	几个人因为我的进入而愤怒，但是 我从他们身边舞开，跟着我希望是正确的线索。
te	O	她不知怎么知道他们是为她而唱，但是 她听不懂他们的语言。
te	O	我一点都不信任他，并且 我相信你不信任他也是明智之举。
te	I	Her physique as well , but the goddess was remarkable ; not only her power .
te	O	我转过身，但是 莱斯利已经几乎跳进了他的怀里。
te	I	The door swings open easily and I try the door handle .
te	O	我希望这不是真的，但是确实如此。
te	O	杰森会扮演赫克托耳，并且我总是阿喀琉斯。
te	I	That was another clue right there , and you couldn 't get happiness by magic .
te	O	她的肋骨阵阵作痛，并且她下背部的疼痛使她佝偻着身子走路。
te	I	You have to fight for survival and it 's a struggle .
te	O	我尝试完成我的作业，但是当我感觉到有人在盯着我看时，我很快就被分散了注意力。
te	O	她的办公桌是空的，并且她再也没有回来上班。
te	I	He 's not here with me , but James can only mumble his agreement .
te	O	阿斯特丽德用一种莎拉常听她奶奶说的语气说道，并且那是一种你无法争辩的语气。
te	I	Both men bowed in her direction and the roar of the crowd doubled .
te	O	他提醒自己她伤得很重，而且疼痛难忍，他握紧了拳头，防止自己去碰她。
te	I	His gaze turned a shade darker and Jett 's eyes wandered to my mouth .
te	O	我也回家了，但是那个圈子仍在继续。
te	O	我的嘴唇形成了“好的”这个词，但是开口说话耗费了太多力气。
te	O	那些高耸的银杉被允许保留了下来，然而苏联的墓碑却不复存在了。
te	O	汽车开走了，并且我大声叹了口气。
te	I	There was something pure about him , but she knew that earthlings measured time differently .
te	O	我的床很乱，并且肯的包洒在了地板上。
te	O	他一无所知，当时他几乎立刻就和乔安一起离开了，并且艾莉森因为丹尼没出现而生闷气。
te	I	No matter how she tried to soothe him , it didn 't work but she tried to make him feel some of her calm .
te	O	我努力不笑，但是这实在很有趣。
te	O	他从伦敦回来已经三天了，并且他还没有露面。
te	I	I felt naked without it and it was even worse than my iPhone addiction .
te	I	We can 't survive without the soil and our species is tied to the earth .
te	I	The excitement of the climb pushed it to the back of his mind , but his battered hand complained briefly .
te	I	She knew he was in no hurry to move on and he took the glass she offered , looking down at her intensely .
te	I	I turned and Gemma called .
te	I	She always denied it , but he 'd asked her if anything was bothering her on a number of occasions .
te	O	当他们最初被分配一起制作年鉴时，瑞奇是一个受欢迎的橄榄球运动员，并且她是一个不起眼的“书呆子”。
te	I	He 'd still gone after Adelaide and he 'd taken the bribe money .
te	O	坦纳明目张胆地打量我，并且我试图忽略它。
te	I	Then he stops , but Warner nods , gets to his feet .
te	I	Still you refuse me , and Time has brought you by my side .
te	O	虚空正前来收回她——收回他们所有人，并且她还没准备好。
te	I	Belt motion rolled him over again but he made it to his knees .
te	I	They worry , and they nurture .
te	O	他很聪明，但是他没有流露出任何幽默感。
te	O	她轻轻敲了敲门，但是没有人应答。
te	I	With his arm wrapped around my waist , he pressed my body against the wall and Seth took a step forward .
te	O	卡勒姆选择了后面几排书架，并且我为了保持距离，留在了档案室里靠近桌子的书架旁。
te	I	Amara began to feel nervous again , and they hurried up the trail in the dark .
te	I	There were few personal possessions on show , but the interior of the cottage was immaculate .
te	O	缕缕青烟开始从扶手椅的座垫处升起，并且丹尼斯感到了一丝担忧。
te	I	I cackled and Molly snorted .
te	O	我感到受宠若惊，但是我拒绝了她。
te	O	我们三个人都哄堂大笑，并且我把毛巾扔回给伊兹。
te	I	She needed other things first , but she wanted to scream with excitement .
te	O	威尔逊医生对我笑了笑，但是 我震惊得无法做出反应。
te	O	我对着楼梯喊，但是 没有回应。
te	O	他对她眨了眨眼，但是 她没有注意到。
te	I	His hand continued to stroke her hair , but Troy moved back from Emma 's neck .
te	I	This didn 't help , and his hands had yet to fully heal from his battle with Aeron .
te	O	我对沙发挥了挥手，并且 我坐在他们对面。
te	O	拦截者扼住莱多喉咙的手劲收紧了，并且 那个法师躺在地上，身体紧绷。
te	O	她猛地转身，伸手去抓台灯，但是 他冲到前面，挡住了她。
te	O	有一瞬间她考虑无论如何都要逃走，但是 她意识到在他们击倒她之前她永远无法逃脱。
te	O	我想冲向他，但是 我不能。
te	O	她眨了眨眼，并且我差点吐了。
te	I	He was not The One ; but he might be a good king .
te	I	More grief poured in , yet he took a breath , let it out , breathing away the shadows around him .
te	O	我弄得一团糟，并且我们俩谁都不在乎。
te	O	马匹已经使用这条小径多年了，并且保罗能仅凭气味追踪它。
te	I	He swallowed hard and his throat swelled with anxiety .
te	I	Garrett felt his chest swell a little , and she blushed a pretty shade of pink .
te	I	I leapt out of bed , and he turned for the door .
te	O	她以艰难的方式学会了，但是最好的教训通常是她自己教给自己的。
te	O	半小时过去了，并且他的遐想被打断了。
te	I	Catherine stayed seated right where she was , but the two left shortly after their announcement .
te	I	Doing what he could to ease the burden of her recent trauma and sitting with the young woman .
te	I	The Sensor remains covered in runes whose meanings must be committed to memory , and the Mark of Translation remains uncreated .
te	O	他低语了最后那部分，但是我完全确信凯兰听到了他。
te	I	The dagger withdrew , leaving a small bleeding nick behind , and until , at last , Mr. Birch seemed to decide .
te	I	Seeing it in real life was completely different but I had seen several images of these vases .
te	O	他停顿了一下，并且当塔隆一开始没有回应时，他继续了。
te	O	她确信她见过他，但是她无法相信。
te	O	我的心都提到嗓子眼了，并且我的手心全是汗。
te	I	Another wore a lab coat and one person wore a suit of armor .
te	O	接下来几周我不在时，Eli会负责这件事，但是等我回来后我会接手。
te	I	He was gone , but I looked around the room for Evan .
te	O	她开始转身离开我，但是我抓住了她衬衫的下摆。
te	O	克莱顿在这里，并且他找过你。
te	I	His nostrils flared , and his jaw flexed .
te	O	贾斯汀再次感到惊讶，但是他试图不表现出来。
te	I	I loved Tallis , but I felt bad for him .
te	O	教会做了一个帮我搬家的报名表，并且那一页已经满了。
te	I	I could imagine it doing well in the desert heat , but it was just a silk button-up blouse .
te	O	他戴着眼镜以减少反差，并且效果也够好了。
te	I	I doubted it had occurred to Lindsey , either , and that thought hadn 't even occurred to me .
te	O	那真是伤人的一击，但是我不会让莱桑德让我有负罪感。
te	I	Certain civil disputes were flaring and the planet was coming apart .
te	O	他性感极了，并且我的身体对他产生了反应，仿佛他甜美如蜜。
te	I	She completed the process of washing his torso and he turned around .
te	O	我的手机在我手里震动着，但是我没有低头看它。
te	O	然后他把我抱起来，而且他力气大到甚至不需要墙壁来支撑我。
te	O	这听起来很合理，并且如果不是因为过去，她就不会对整件事多想了。
te	I	The touch of palm against palm was surprisingly intimate , and she had never held hands before .
te	O	这是罗伊斯第一次看到她真正地笑，并且这种效果在她脸上不仅仅是惊人。
te	I	He took one step and she asked him to move .
te	O	我需要把事情解决掉，而且我不能躺在破医院病床上做那件事。
te	I	Laboratories are on the upper levels , and there are two large bunkers beneath this building , with storage garages .
te	I	I don 't want to do it in real life , but I 'll fake getting pegged for a murder all day .
te	I	They never showed , but her mom was going to bring her down .
te	I	Mention of his name scares the shit out of her , but Colin didn 't say .
te	I	His back turned to me and Avalon sat with arms folded .
te	O	索耶棕褐色的眼睛亮了起来，并且他那冷若冰霜的伪装终于瓦解了。
te	O	也许是前一晚和杰克的聊天，但是她对此并不天真。
te	O	雷是个自作聪明的人，一个肖恩从墨西哥的一个洞里挖出来的女巫，但是那个家伙懂得魔法。
te	O	他知道那个语气，并且他理解那些细微之处。
te	O	是的，小伙子他们会的，而且他们也会杀了她。
te	O	他咂了咂嘴，并且他的眼睛闪烁着睁开。
te	I	It ignited sparks deep within both their bodies , but it was such a simple , chaste gesture .
te	O	他指了指壁炉旁的一套豪华椅子，而且诺伦愉快地坐上了离热源最近的那把。
te	O	查明什么也没说，并且那个死神继续说着。
te	O	她的目光固定在他的身上，而且她的声音变得刻薄起来。
te	I	A number of efforts were made to make the subject uncomfortable , and it was used to conduct interviews for active investigations .
te	I	Even Charles looked less than happy , and Danielle shot me a dirty look .
te	I	It was useless , but she tried to push him away .
te	O	今天是她在工作的最后一天，而且他们为她举办了一个非常温馨的小型欢送午餐。
te	I	Again Nick stopped her , but she reached for it .
te	I	At least she 'd been able to have Paul , but she recalled her own bitter disappointment over her inability to give birth to a second child .
te	O	战争即将来临，亚历山大，而且你不想让你的忠诚受到质疑。
te	I	I would never forget it , but I hadn 't heard her voice for so long .
te	O	搅动这项技艺是麦吉尔发明的，并且他很自豪地声称对这个想法负责。
te	I	The exhaustion was overwhelming , but he fought toward the surface .
te	O	德夫林的手放在她的脸颊上，并且他们的目光交织在一起。
te	O	他们可能在外面，但是她知道黛布肯定在家，除非发生了事故。
te	I	I hope that you have fun in the land of Oz Dust Designs and I am totally honored that you have taken the time to read this .
te	O	他对我露出一个笑容，似乎在说：蹩脚的笑话，但我会笑，让你感觉好一点。
te	O	我知道我对这两件事都不合逻辑，但是我无法控制那些涌上心头的情绪。
te	O	她的任何话语都算不上是问题，但是芬恩不知道是否该把它们当作问题。
te	I	My body greedily soaks in the energy it provides , and Arizona has lots of sun to give me .
te	I	She pressed her lips together instead , but she wanted to add .
te	O	没有办法证明这一点，但是他敢赌上最后一分钱，纳迪娅是这场火灾的幕后黑手。
te	I	He finally looked down at me , and I tugged on his hand again .
te	O	确实如此，他一夜之后就离开了，但是没有交换任何承诺。
te	O	他为她打开车门，并且她跟着他绕到了后备箱。
te	I	It was a perfectly fine thing to do , and it seemed she was going to cry again .
te	O	我仍然不确定那到底意味着什么，但是我不再在乎了。
te	O	笔记本仍然留在桌上，并且他慢慢地走向它。
te	I	I knew it was there , but I couldn 't place the smell .
te	I	The walking will be done by wordless purpose and soon enough words will fall by the side .
te	I	Sometimes nothing came at all and dreams came often .
te	O	她僵硬了一秒，并且我不知道为什么。
te	I	It 's more than that , but I thought you were grieving .
te	O	我紧闭着它们，但是这没有帮助。
te	I	Although fall had bowed to winter , this water had not frozen , and the water from the lake reflected like glass .
te	I	It felt right , and we stood together , smiling at each other .
te	O	他的拇指疼痛地掐进她的喉咙，并且她感到脉搏在他的手下剧烈跳动。
te	O	至少修剪一下不会花那么多钱，而且她非常需要一个。
te	I	She looked off into the setting sun and the sea breeze blew her hair about .
te	I	He tightened his grip on the controls and a gust of wind rocked the plane .
te	O	她很享受自己的时光，并且她拒绝感到内疚。
te	I	My breathing slows and a moment passes .
te	O	她的臀部碰到了我的，并且她靠在我身上，用前臂支撑着自己。
te	I	In addition to all that , she was a member of the town council , and Mrs. Harvey worked part time , owned the thrift store .
te	O	这个念头把我拉回现实，并且我突然感到自己很愚蠢。
te	I	He risked spilling something about his real identity , or Daniel had to change the topic for her .
te	O	鲜血从洪破碎的鼻子里喷涌而出，并且在他摇晃的时候，我把他的头猛地撞向他身后的柱子。
te	O	凯特扬起眉毛询问，默默地问他是否确定，并且他点了点头。
te	O	我从未好好哀悼过保罗的死，并且我在爱荷华州度过了一周，就是为了做这件事。
te	O	几秒钟过去了，并且飞船减速了。
te	O	他们没有问为什么，并且他们冲进了绿色攻击留下的缺口。
te	O	饥饿到疼痛的地步，并且她知道这源于娜塔莎。
te	O	这可怜的女孩被巫师困住够久了，而且我们不知道会发现她变成什么样子。
te	I	I knew I had to , but I paused because I didn 't want to say this to him .
te	O	我没有介入，担心会把事情弄糟，但是我的血液沸腾了。
te	I	She shivered , and Iona smelled the chocolate , winding around the hard craving inside her .
te	O	他沿着过道走向农产品区，但是她以一阵爆发的速度让他大吃一惊。
te	I	They were always watching , and they were the eyes in the sky .
te	I	Ainsley sat limply in her chair , and the laugh ended in a sigh .
te	O	眼泪滑下我的脸庞，但是我大胆地盯着他。
te	O	她从未预料到斯科特会道歉，而且她花了一点时间才消化。
te	O	蕾西很享受他们的一天，并且现在他们坐在星巴克的一张桌子旁喝着拿铁。
te	O	要做整面墙，我需要更多的喷漆，但是我已经计划好的那部分不会覆盖整面墙。
te	O	我们挂断了电话，并且我确保我已准备好出发。
te	O	这个地方充满了奇特的角落，但是这会非常明显。
te	I	When we were left alone with him , he threw himself at the feet of Elisha , weeping bitterly , and he rose on seeing us enter .
te	O	她体型巨大，而且她还只是一只幼崽。
te	I	She had been completely out of it for the entire car ride , but she hadn 't even realized that she had fallen asleep .
te	I	I heat it in my forge until it melts down into a liquid , and it 's a metal called bronze .
te	O	天花板上的发光石闪烁着，并且地面震动了。
te	O	塔克作为美国陆军游骑兵的训练随时待命，但是今天早上它显得尤为必要。
te	O	克里斯蒂通过电话尖叫着，并且卡罗琳对她的反应笑了笑。
te	O	我更多的是对自己说这些话，并且我相信它们因为我需要相信。
te	I	Her father came in , and the cell door opened .
te	I	Their fingers laced , and she took his hand .
te	I	A doctor was trying to restart his heart , and there was a strange man on the gurney .
te	O	劳达的哥哥咧嘴大笑，但是毕竟，他不是那个不得不吃那可怕的肉的人。
te	I	The promise of trouble in them only compounded her instinct to dismiss him as a possible candidate , and her eyes met Mr. Neville 's .
te	O	马克变了，并且那不是因为满月。
te	O	她把她的整只小手臂伸了过去并指向那个高个子男人。
te	O	他们看向他，并且约翰尼明白了这一点。
te	I	He didn 't care but she was pretty toasted .
te	O	我犹豫着要不要问他是否认识大卫，但是他抢在我决定之前开口了。
te	I	I heard the music and the door was unlocked .
te	O	这算不上是多好的生活，但是这是我所知道的唯一一种。
te	O	莱利是他姐姐的另一个朋友，但是乔和盖尔一样喜欢他。
te	I	I sucked in a painful breath in response and her words were pretty mean .
te	I	She sat up and her binds fell to the side .
te	O	我五英尺十英寸高，不算矮个子，但是这个男人至少有六英尺五英寸。
te	I	It looked like the door handle was not functional , but the other door was intact .
te	I	So she thought -- or she 'd found someplace to hide from him .
te	I	You said you left a message on our home phone because nobody picked up , and you found out about your father from the hospital people .
te	O	我翻着白眼，走出了更衣室，但是她仍然在她的更衣室里。
te	I	His eyes were bloodshot , and his face was clammy .
te	O	我将嘴唇覆上她的，并且一声不由自主的呻吟从我喉咙深处发出。
te	I	He puts his mouth to mine and his eyes go soft .
te	I	She blinked them away , but tears filled her eyes .
te	I	I unlatched it because he deserved an explanation , and I expected a tap on my window tonight .
te	O	当那些话语从安德鲁的唇间逸出时，我恍然大悟，但是仍然难以理解。
te	I	My feet ache when they touch the cold ground again , and my shoes are already soaked through from checking the tires .
te	I	His hand automatically plunged under the plaid and he groped with his fingers for something salient .
te	I	His hands tightened into fists , and his eyes , though , darkened a few shades .
te	O	她渴望给他他所渴望的一切，但是首先他得屈服于他自己的黑暗欲望。
te	O	他以为他在帮助我，但是反而只是让我的生活更艰难了。
te	I	My cheeks felt hot , and the hallway seemed too quiet after she 'd gone .
te	I	I wondered if he would taste just as good as he smelled , and he was mouthwatering .
te	O	我完全清醒了，并且我饿了。
te	I	She kept the fire burning inside , but finally , Gretel scampered off the grill .
te	I	More were heading that way , and there was a crowd gathered ahead of them .
te	I	I 'm sure the presence of a tiger outside doesn 't help , and this is a huge job .
te	I	I turned away , and the drawing of a gate in Tartarus made me shiver .
te	I	Callum pressed his ear to the door marked 203 and I could hear the muffled sounds of humans talking .
te	I	The whole structure rocked side to side and he rammed his shoulder against the cage in an effort to reach her .
te	O	至少那些画面终于不再在他脑海中闪现了，并且他有了一些清晰的思绪。
te	O	我在梦中看到了四个漂亮的孩子，并且这可能成为现实。
te	O	副驾驶车窗上传来敲门声，并且我吓了一跳。
te	O	它是弱的，但是它在那里。
te	O	午餐会涉及在内，但是那不是重点。
te	I	The agent saw it and it was enough to stop Thomas .
te	I	It looks it , but it isn 't new .
te	O	到了下午，电话已经慢了下来，并且我甚至有时间再次思考，趁机在我的桌子上吃了个三明治。
te	O	她的指尖抵在他的发热皮肤上是冰凉的，但是她的吻却炽热无比。
te	O	太阳已经落到地平线以下了，但是天空阴沉沉的，你真的看不出来。
te	I	She stepped closer to the warmth of the fire , and goose bumps covered her skin .
te	O	迪伦曾疑惑为什么他看到远处有烟，并且现在他知道了。
te	O	杰斯的绘画技巧可能很差，但是他的策略无可挑剔。
te	O	然后他看着她，并且他的心因疼痛而紧缩。
te	O	欧德却一直微笑着，并且这让村民们发疯。
te	I	In silence I flew through the air and the roar deafened me .
te	O	他有着更黑的头发，但是特雷的笑容来源一下子就清楚了。
te	O	我不知道为什么，但是我感觉我必须保护她。
te	O	前门开了，并且拉什走了进来。
te	O	雨势减弱了，并且蓝天显露出来，这与鲁本的心情奇妙地契合。
te	O	她凭着信念接受了很多，但是他又怎能再次告诉她他将要离开她呢。
te	I	Ghirardelli Square was in the same location as in 2066 , and the major streets had retained their names in the future .
te	O	她回来时，她的眼睛是红的，但是她又恢复正常了。
te	I	A bare bulb offered meager illumination , and I pulled on a hanging chain .
te	O	一刻钟过去了，并且那黑色的墙壁丝毫未动。
te	O	我把手伸进隧道壁，并且它穿过了。
te	I	The rest of us appreciated it , but Lawson was already out of earshot .
te	O	他的性器官有不同的想法，但是它一直有自己的主见。
te	O	有些人会为了钱做任何事，并且有些人会假装为了钱做任何事。
te	O	这对他来说是一种新的感觉，并且它很吸引人。
te	O	我用警惕的眼神看着她，并且然后我用平静的手指把它翻到中间。
te	I	The creature peered up , and the monk peered down .
te	I	She raced along the dark , deserted hallways , floating above the floor , and instincts guided her like an arrow .
te	O	一顿长时间的午餐可以很容易地用别处的一个额外小时来弥补，并且我的工作与我的同事之间没有很强的相互依赖性。
te	I	She was a day away from her 26th birthday and there was a girl flying from LA to NYC .
te	O	我们的目光相遇了，并且我笑了笑。
te	I	The opposite side was extra slick , and the adhesive side was extra sticky .
te	I	He would reward them for their service , and they had all pledged their loyalty to him .
te	I	He brushed a strand of hair out of my face and his eyes softened .
te	I	Josie blinked , and Hannah demanded .
te	I	That was it , but there had been one letter .
te	I	The intensity in his eyes almost makes me buckle and I finally look at him .
te	I	Hannah felt certain it was forced , but he gave her a winning smile .
te	O	她蓝绿色的眼睛有些失神，并且她粉红色的嘴唇在发光。
te	I	She used the stick like a cane and he put his arm around her waist .
te	I	He 'd never admit it to me , but I think he 's up to something .
te	I	She dropped her weight back on him and he tickled the inside of her arms .
te	O	她已经办完了她的事情，并且那声尖叫为诅咒盖章了。
te	I	He was bellowing with rage , and his eyes were streaming tears .
te	O	他抱她抱得太紧了，但是他无法放手。
te	O	起初她以为他不高兴，但是她很快意识到他更多是感伤而不是受伤。
te	O	然后中本女士让我们上午离开了，并且威尔甚至没有好好地和我道别。
te	I	I could still touch my right hand with my fingers , but my gloves were gone , wrists tied to two separate wooden posts .
te	O	兰德张开嘴想说话，但是却没有一个字说出来。
te	I	I went outside and I finally left my class at eleven twenty .
te	O	她很高兴他终于离开了，并且她可以回到酒店了。
te	O	重新让这根骨头完整起来的强烈愿望吞噬了我，并且我无法忽视它。
te	O	亚历克斯还在学习如何与马打交道，但是说到驾驶，尤其是在困难的路况下，他可是行家。
te	I	She found herself backing away from the door , but Sam 's eyes widened incredulously at the threat .
te	I	It often attracts mom 's attention and this is not an easy thing to do .
te	I	We rode in the elevator entangled and Marcus threw money at the cabby .
te	I	Her soul was light as gossamer , a spiders web in a wind , anchored only by a single thread but her eyelids were heavy .
te	I	They show their gratitude and we help them .
te	O	他举起他所携带的东西，并且迪安开始笑了。
te	I	Josh couldn 't be sure , but her shrug looked a little forced .
te	I	Hannah had enjoyed every minute of it , and the night had been such fun .
te	I	He was taking out a night dive , but I 'd have asked Macon for the ride first .
te	O	有人通过扩音器发出了一个含糊不清的通知，并且第二波浪潮达到了顶峰。
te	I	Me , only the plants I would leave could remember and I didn 't want anyone to know what it had been , the space .
te	O	我的肺部燃烧得更厉害，并且我呼气。
te	O	我需要你对我做出承诺，但是，我能看出你还没有决定。
te	I	The engine started as he approached and the driver 's door popped open .
te	I	We 're back in Madeline 's family room , and it 's later that same night .
te	O	我有资源，并且我有能力。
te	O	仿佛是接到了信号，她的手机又响了起来，并且她把拇指猛地按在关机键上。
te	O	她的脸上突然绽放出灿烂的笑容，但是达米安并没有被愚弄。
te	O	他已经表明了他的立场，并且她因此而尊敬他。
te	O	我告诉他，否则我将永远无法尊重自己，并且娜塔莎对我的待遇恰恰证明我的同事们也不会尊重我。
te	O	翅膀已经消失了，但是它们会回来的。
te	O	我们等了，但是什么也没发生。
te	O	我仍然住在一个这样的地方，但是我爱它。
te	O	距离他们重启还不到一个月，而且大多数人花了更长的时间才接受发生的一切。
te	I	He shook his head and Dimitri 's laughter stopped .
te	O	我拍得更用力，但是这种感觉仍然存在。
te	I	The rest will be finished ASAP and your leave papers are all here .
te	O	他穿着长长的黑色长袍，并且他的右手拿着一块巨大的红色红宝石，他似乎正在检查它。
te	O	那些词很难说出来，很痛苦，但是我是一个施法者。
te	O	所有人都在，但是你一点都不惊讶。
te	O	她不这么认为，但是如果他还没准备好，她不想让他感到不安。
te	I	She was startled by the look of intense pride on his face and she glanced over at the man who was also looking out the window .
te	O	我能感觉到他要说他需要回到柜台后面去了，并且我不想那样发生。
te	O	也许他以为从路上看这可能像是一个充满爱意的拥抱，并且这条人行道上没有行人。
te	I	It was definitely not the news , but although I did have to admit to myself that it was actually very well done .
te	O	她喘着气，并且因为锁链他能感觉到她已濒临崩溃。
te	I	Nadia realized that she was about to be asked to leave , and mom rose from the couch .
te	O	她的眼睛变得灼热，并且她感觉自己可能要爆炸了。
te	O	他的眼睛不再干涩，并且我能看到他的痛苦。
te	O	当然，我扮演了我父母期望的角色，参与了关于SAT和校园参观的无休止的讨论。
te	O	也许肖恩在看着我，而且我只是无法从他神秘的外表上分辨出来。
te	O	很快就远不止一个小时了，而且我知道我时间不多了。
te	I	He didn 't , but he could have hidden himself .
te	I	There was still a low buzz , but the chatter died down a bit .
te	O	他的脸面无表情，并且他的眼睛紧盯着战士。
te	O	我们回家，并且就结束了吗？
te	I	They didn 't move but Laci pushed against his shoulders .
te	O	拉里把一只手放到背后，并且它突然带着一朵红玫瑰重新出现。
te	I	It 's so sturdy it don 't even bounce but I test it with my foot .
te	I	We 'll talk later , but I must go now .
te	I	You have to tell the police , but I know you 're scared .
te	I	I thought it was sweet , but gods , how she hated it .
te	I	The trap was heavy , making it very slow going to get the trap up to the boat and the rope was slippery .
te	O	他按部就班地进行日常事务，但是当他到达那里时，他无法联系到那个常联系的毒贩。
te	I	I can see the irony of it all and a veil of darkness blankets my eyes .
te	I	A greenish light flared beneath her fingers , and her bloodied palm slapped against the stones .
te	I	Soon they 'd be gone and she loved both of them .
te	I	Already he missed her , but he wasn 't sure what he was going to do about it .
te	I	I turned to challenge her , and Delores 's roar stopped me .
te	I	He stood there , staring at the door and the door closed .
te	I	He 's bending toward me and Gavin 's eyes are twinkling .
te	I	It was long enough that the water started to cool , but Ford didn 't know how long they stayed like that .
te	O	这就像我记忆中的样子，而且它让我微笑，因为它很令人欣慰。
te	I	I use my jacket as a shield , yet it 's a warm night for January , upper fifties .
te	I	I guessed that was because he didn 't want to wake me up , and he moved very slowly .
te	I	They 'd enjoy a good laugh on the walk back together and he 'd bump into Jimmy along the route .
te	O	警官从他身后走过来，而且我确定他以为是另一个学生跳到他身上。
te	O	那 Kami 拜访亚历山德拉公主的第二天，并且我迫不及待地想开始阿什顿的调查。
te	I	His dark eyes flashed determination , but Eric rarely took a stand .
te	O	我坐在床边，并且达米恩和我一起坐下。
te	O	以稳定的慢跑速度骑马是一项简单的任务，但是这种简单性反而使得保持专注变得更加困难。
te	O	她的眼睛因恐惧而睁大，并且她冲出了房间。
te	O	首先外面有该死的吸血鬼，而且他刚才还提到了一个女巫。
te	I	I wanted to go with her and she wanted to go the same direction I was going .
te	I	I 'd devoured them , and he 'd fixed me two tortillas .
te	O	我的魔法在脉动，并且我的感官变得敏锐。
te	O	以前我曾因我们做爱的热烈而哭泣，但是这次却不同了。
te	I	The snow had made most of it wet , but they found plenty of dead wood .
te	O	给我们几周时间，并且我们就能有至少十几个堡垒封锁这个通道。
te	O	兰德尔把酒杯举得稍高了一点，但是大卫觉得他看到了一瞥朝艾莉看去的目光。
te	O	墙壁在我们脚下消失，并且我们在空中飞翔。
te	O	凯西向前迈了一步，并且其他人跟了上来。
te	I	They 're quite a bit longer than ours and their spears are called ' lances , ' .
te	O	我忘不了我的童年，并且我抹不去那些伤疤。
te	O	亨利努力想抓住它，但是它升到了他够不着的地方。
te	I	I had almost no idea of how to do it but I had often thought of how I might make my way to the prairie .
te	O	她把她那只好手递给我，并且我把她拉了起来。
te	O	他是绑架者圈子外第一个知道的人，并且他已经看到了足够多的线索来串联起来。
te	I	His voice was steady , but a snarl twisted his mouth .
te	O	只有另一张桌子被一对正在用餐的夫妇占用，并且那里非常宁静。
te	I	Her promise to give him her answer after the races at Doncaster , and Ainsley ended with Cameron 's sudden visit to Balmoral .
te	O	麦克斯为她打开门，并且他们走进教堂。
te	O	当我死去，那很快就会到来——并且不，别说不会。
te	O	*** 伯内特默默地开车，但是一直往后视镜里看。
te	I	I order your death and you only so much as raise your voice in my Healer 's presence !
te	O	她想要冒险，并且她找到了。
te	O	我的脸颊被泪水沾湿，并且我心不在焉地在湿泥土上写下“帮助”一词。
te	O	我对命运一无所知，但是如果她不能控制自己，那就有问题了。
te	I	Something about it made me stop , but the others passed through without hesitation .
te	I	Spencer would offer to pull it down with a lasso and Ali could probably ask for the moon right now .
te	O	他们在这条路上走了三个多小时，看不到尽头，并且那条龙似乎非常乐意继续下去。
te	O	她本以为他睡着了，但是他却坐着，背靠着红木床头板。
te	I	It was a losing battle , but he struggled to regain some sort of control over his lust .
te	O	我猜事情发生了，并且事情发生时我是岛上唯一的人。
te	I	His other hand touched my thigh , and I turned .
te	I	The whole school shuddered , and she stamped her foot .
te	I	A rough plan flashed through his mind , but there was no time to really strategize .
te	O	在某些星球上，船坞是露天的，但是新泰拉的这个地方太冷了，不适合那样。
te	O	他的下巴松弛了下来，并且我敢打赌他立刻就硬了。
te	O	那不再是一个万无一失的系统了，但是我们没有更好的选择。
te	O	他让短裤掉了下来，并且他让我惊叹不已。
te	O	他想到了几种她可以对他好的方式，并且这些方式都没有涉及衣服。
te	I	There he was and he didn 't wait to be asked twice .
te	O	她盯着显示器，意识到那不是什么花哨的屏幕保护程序，而是电脑正在运行一个程序。
te	O	他拼命地想见到玛丽亚，并且他想找到他的妈妈。
te	O	德卡德按下了它，并且门开始旋转。
te	I	Now both seemed equally annoyed at my interruption , and both looked at me critically .
te	I	I know nothing about you , and you know everything about me .
te	I	There was no lack in that department , and she dealt with the women , too .
te	O	门上轻轻的敲门声把她从遐想中拉了出来，并且她转身，猛地打开门，发现杰姆站在门槛上。
te	O	他重新拉开了裤子，但是如果他认为那之后他们会进行第二轮，他就疯了。
te	I	The metal dug into my skin , and I tried to pull my wrists apart .
te	I	It didn 't matter whether he made it out alive , but I could have dragged him clear first .
te	O	在我麻木的恍惚中，我看不清那些字，但是我能足够清楚地想象出它们。
te	O	他不停地看后视镜，并且我确信我能听到他对自己哼着歌，这又是头一回。
te	O	气温现在在七十多度，并且天空中几乎没有一片云。
te	I	It seemed he was only ignorant of the risk , but she had thought he might be a bold soul , flouting the general fear of Thiago .
te	I	Catfish was hesitant but Jacobs joined him .
te	I	I got the distinct impression she was thrilled about who was walking her back and Carly smiled .
te	O	卡西迪问道，并且我不怪她好奇。
te	I	You may not be , either - but he may not be safe at thirty paces away .
te	I	I am part of the dark and he sees in the dark .
te	I	Then , from the corner of her eye , she saw movement , but at first , she saw nothing .
te	O	从今以后，他们会知道坏事可能会发生，并且它们可能发生得很快，而你甚至都没有注意到。
te	I	I didn 't leave him hanging even though his words rubbed me the wrong way and he put his hand in the air .
te	I	It wasn 't even as if this were the first time she 'd seen him , and she knew what naked men looked like .
te	O	爸爸的脸涨得通红，并且他的头发都竖起来了。
te	I	He surrounded her with his arms and without thinking she leaned into him .
te	I	At least the environment sounded fun , but the work sounded less interesting from what Riley had told me .
te	I	She 's simply glowing with happiness , and she turns around .
te	O	他怀疑我是对的，但是我外表依然坚定。
te	I	As the expression on her face changed , a strange feeling of disappointment passed through him , and her gaze locked on another sight .
te	O	树林相当广阔，并且下层灌木很少。
te	O	我试图让自己的声音听起来像指责，但是我最终还是笑了。
te	O	突然一个人影出现在开口处，并且他开始四肢着地朝我们的方向移动。
te	O	下班后除非重要没人会打那个电话，并且我无论身在何处都得接听。
te	O	后退两步，并且它又自己扶正了。
te	O	走廊里寂静了片刻，并且亚当打破了它。
te	I	He finally remembered and Ken looked around .
te	O	她的心跳得快了一点，并且她尝到了舌头上的血味。
te	O	广场的影像出现了，但是距离很远，以至于看不清任何面孔。
te	I	I heard her whispering and she couldn 't speak .
te	O	黑暗刺向穹顶，但是它们一个接一个地消失了。
te	I	She took an unconscious step back and he stalked closer .
te	O	他们确实在一起很开心，并且她是一位精明的经理，不只是因为她能看到别人看不到的东西。
te	I	It was directly because of my actions and he was hurt .
te	I	He shifted in his seat and Mr. Shilling 's eyes flickered to Kate .
te	O	我妈妈把我推进了学校乐队，并且唯一没有被选走的乐器就是那个。
te	I	I 'm afraid , but I want to volunteer to go ahead of him , to test the waters .
te	I	Brianna laughed and Emily eased out of the embrace a little more .
te	I	Hilda followed as quickly as possible , but Lea managed to get away to recover from the blow to her body .
te	I	When she yanked out the check , her eyes went wide , then turned into pissed-off slits and Megan opened her envelope .
te	O	拜托，就让我进我的公寓吧，并且我就会安全了。
te	I	For some reason , it disturbed Michael ; and this was a very , unusual behavior .
te	I	Those were expensive , but I could get a replacement .
te	I	The sky was dark gray and it had started to rain .
te	I	It could help y ' all drum up some business , and I figured it would help the bookstore get some business .
te	I	Her hands , and her mouth shook .
te	O	我向他们倾泻火焰，直到他们变成烧焦的肉块，并且我的法术也用尽了。
te	O	爸爸只是点点头，并且我们回去继续搜索了。
te	O	那天晚上月亮很亮，并且人们能清楚地看到水下很深的地方。
te	O	她的肉体紧紧地夹住他们美妙的侵入，但是她真正需要的是他在她体内。
te	O	锅碗瓢盆的碰撞声通常让他觉得悦耳，但是他的头痛将声音放大到令人不适的音量。
te	O	他知道你对你父亲有多生气，并且他很担心。
te	O	迪伦什么也没说，并且我想知道他是否在动摇。
te	O	阿尔伯特打开了门，并且他们进去了。
te	O	他们各自走到育儿室去欣赏小哈里森，然而两个人都只关注一个人——玛丽·艾伦。
te	I	It wasn 't fast enough , but he was making good ground .
te	O	她睁开眼睛，但是它们却凝视着虚空。
te	I	I wasn 't imagining it , and I shook it off only moments later to hear steps on the patio .
te	I	Doing so would be useless , but Sheridan wanted to .
te	I	The lot for the first watch fell to Gimli , and they now drew lots for the watches .
te	I	It didn 't matter , but I couldn 't remember the long list Sir Albion had once written for me .
te	O	乔恩经常谈论那些事情，但是她却从未真正听过。
te	I	They still looked at each other in the same attitude , and he received it gravely .
te	I	Her face went soft and she nodded to me .
te	O	我觉得我对他了解得越多，发现的隐藏层面就越多，而且它们并非都美好。
te	O	北方感到孤立，人口饥饿，别无选择，只能加入席卷全球的混乱。
te	I	Both of them laid back to sleep and at which point they put the cards away .
te	O	我不知道是否该为此责怪他，但是他没有告诉她。
te	O	我们俩都站直了，并且我退后了一步。
te	I	I ignored it but I heard something in my shoulder pop .
te	I	Eventually I just broke , sobbing softly into my hands , but I fought it for a while , trying to keep myself a little numb .
te	O	德克兰推了推后面的墙，并且它开了。
te	I	I could sense it , but he didn 't tell me this .
te	I	The moon was playing with the clouds and the stairs were shining .
te	O	她这次已经很努力了，然而有人悄悄靠近了她。
te	I	It slowly evolves into a mindless stagger , but Uneasy at first given the agony my back is already in .
te	I	Still rising and after a minute they were well above the top of the enemy .
te	I	She brought her chin down to make the movement a nod , but when Grams moved her head , it jerked to the left .
te	O	他紧紧抓着她的肩膀，紧得她以为他会捏碎她的骨头，而且他还在威胁要做更糟的事。
te	I	She wasn 't looking at me , and he had his arm around her .
te	O	你已经认识他了，维多利亚，并且事实上，他们就在这里。
te	O	这所大学需要通过引用一个童话故事来充实其金库，而且这对大多数人来说已经很好了。
te	O	他把她吓坏了，并且她正在努力隐藏它。
te	I	He was going to do it down Ty 's throat , and he was going to come .
te	I	Sound exploded around him , and Cory hit the ground with a jolt .
te	O	他扔出了刀，并且我不得不使出全身力气来躲开它。
te	I	I didn 't try to hide it , but I heard the anger in my voice .
te	I	Rourke took the other and I took one of the proffered linens from his outstretched hands .
te	I	She would have remembered beautiful eyes like that , but his eyes looked so familiar .
te	I	Flying with falsified passports was always risky , and there were too many people to keep an eye on .
te	O	杰瑞突然犹豫不决，但是可能倾向于拒绝。
te	I	It suddenly struck her what had been worrying her all along , and the boy squealed as Lizzie laughed at them playing .
te	I	Eventually we were married , and we grew to know each other .
te	I	It surprised her , and she 'd never heard Rex talk that way before .
te	O	天气很温暖，并且太阳高挂空中。
te	I	Men began to emerge onto the roof of the Grey Tower , and the bells continued to ring .
te	I	She never forgot that and they eventually drove her to her death .
te	O	特里斯坦试图触摸瘀伤，但是他几乎无法抬起他的手。
te	O	她被带到了那些听起来不祥的观察室，在那里，她的潜力将被衡量，并且她将为进入精神电池做准备。
te	O	她没有退缩，但是脆弱在她眼中清晰可见。
te	I	A cringe of pity flipped through his heart and the water was still knee deep on the floor .
te	I	He confessed it all himself , quite rightly , when I put it to all the captains , and there was no harm done .
te	O	格雷厄姆毕竟是人类，而且人类是好奇的。
te	I	Turned toward the jungle , searching for a way inland , and he rolled his sleeping mat , burying the dead fire under sand .
te	O	有证据表明现场有第二个人存在，但是警方不想追究此事。
te	I	Though he saved my life a threat had been established between us that did not end until I left Mars , and he was out there also .
te	I	The streets all seemed empty of tourists , and it was late .
te	I	She positively rattled when she tried to draw in air , and her head was so heavy she couldn 't lift it .
te	O	我想我今天能说的还有很多，但是我不会现在说。
te	I	She was alive again , and she was still with him .
te	I	I 'm sure you can work that out , and I was told you should simply rely on wifi .
te	I	He was not omniscient , but the Emperor had many powers .
te	I	The Germans had marched through her village weeks ago , and Mathieu wasn 't a soldier .
te	I	She looked away , giving the impression that she had been looking at me shyly and I looked over to her .
te	I	I saw those that 'd been killed standing beside me in that reflection , and I saw my reflection in the black tar .
te	O	达米安皱了皱眉，并且朱莉亚知道他感受到了她矛盾的情绪。
te	O	这给收藏它们的博物馆带来了巨大的责任，并且安保措施变得最先进。
te	I	We could start the training immediately , and this would be perfect .
te	I	She nursed it for twenty minutes before deciding it was time to leave and it was a pretty blue color in a tall glass with an umbrella .
te	I	The journey to the truck would be arduous , and the guy wasn 't small .
te	O	理解之色闪过他的脸庞，并且他轻松地回到了我们第一次的谈话。
te	I	She realised it was the first time either of them had spoken of the future , and there was a pause .
te	O	白天他是布兰登·博纳，并且全世界都爱着他。
te	O	他听到了那个声音，熟悉而甜美，并且他停止了挣扎，突然忘却了灼热。
te	I	She didn 't press him , but Kate looked suspicious .
te	O	嗯，还有其他要求，但是它们相对容易处理，所以我不太在意它们。
te	I	I missed him so much , and he was my best friend .
te	I	It seemed the perfect place for me but to call it grotty would be to do it a kindness .
te	I	I 'm able to wriggle free and his grip on my wrists loosens .
te	O	桑切斯现在开始显得不安，并且他插了话。
te	O	他们还有很长的路要走，并且她可能困了。
te	O	菲尼克斯冲我咧嘴一笑，带着那巨大而稚气的笑容，并且我又多爱他一点点。
te	I	He could not reach for it , but his staff lay at his side .
te	O	他看起来很困惑，并且接着他恍然大悟。
te	O	我转身盯着他，并且他俯视着我。
te	O	她讨厌感到虚弱，但是颤抖停不下来。
te	O	她认识她的吸血鬼没多久，但是她不能想象没有他的生活。
te	O	她也协调了他的战斗动作，并且仅仅因此，他才能杀死四个，四个死亡吸血鬼。
te	I	Lina pushed her away , but Eta tried to bite Lina 's neck .
te	I	It was like stepping back in time , yet everything in the house seemed so still .
te	I	She resigned herself to his presence , and his smile conveyed a timeless sensation .
te	I	She gave it a gentle squeeze , and Josie 's hand grabbed my shoulder .
te	I	Again I 'm shocked at my reaction to him and his smoky voice makes my heart patter to life .
te	O	它比平时深了一点，并且我不确定他是从哪里学来的。
te	I	It could have been a charred stick for all he noticed , but he should taste the fine , pressed leaves seasoned with brandy .
te	I	I could hear the grin in his voice , but he wasn 't facing me .
te	I	Tension so thick I could cut it with a knife , and there was an obvious history between them .
te	I	A faded blue title card appeared on the screen : Short Subject , and a beam of light stabbed the darkness .
te	I	All love I 'd experience in the future and I 'd question any .
te	O	我不知道前台的电话号码，但是这个家伙说他记得。
te	O	驾驶室的门开着，并且驾驶室里亮着灯。
te	O	怒火在我体内爆发，并且我几乎无法思考。
te	I	A car can fit , but looks like an alley .
te	O	泰特以创纪录的速度把他们开到医院，但是这趟车程一点也不平稳。
te	O	橙色的光芒完全笼罩了他，并且突然，他有了一个计划。
te	I	It made her almost scoot off the floor , and she didn 't expect what he did next .
te	O	风在呼啸而过时轻声歌唱，并且沙粒跃入空中形成一片朦胧的云。
te	O	他背对着树站着，并且双臂环抱着身后的树干。
te	I	When it was such a schoolboy error , he couldn 't forgive himself , but it was one thing falling for a bluff .
te	O	侧门处有动静，并且一个身穿飘逸猩红色长衫的纤细身影出现了。
te	I	Clary was grateful she existed , making the world a little fiercer with every one of her smiles , and Isabelle was Isabelle .
te	I	Ted could feel himself starting to slip into unconsciousness and as his rage mounted , Joe squeezed ever harder .
te	O	他无法相信，然而他深知不该忽视它。
te	O	莉兹感觉到他每一次呼吸，并且它们来得很快。
te	O	我的脚因跳舞数小时而疼痛，并且我应该累得可以睡上一周了。
te	I	She found the superhuman strength of the zombie 's attack impossible to overcome , but Melody tried to shove back .
te	I	He was seeing that now , and he had heard the stories of the Warden 's time in the Marines , some kind of legendary Infantry leader .
te	O	我仍在告诉自己，当我再次听到声音时，并且其中一个声音低沉得多。
te	I	I wanted to ask him what those were , and he had lips painted on his left arm .
te	O	囚犯没有从任何监狱被释放，但是美国人民却被释放了。
te	O	她试图将疼痛抛开，把它置于脑后，但是这很难做到。
te	O	宽大的床在她身后，并且卡梅隆温暖结实的身躯压在她身上。
te	I	Now the natural curl was breaking free and the rain had washed out his hair .
te	O	她对他的决定仍然不太满意，但是至少她愿意接受他的理由。
te	O	我跑到谷仓的窗户旁，并且跳了下去。
te	I	The room seemed empty , but he gently pushed the door fully open , standing to one side for cover .
te	O	一阵猛拉打开了那扇沉重的雕花外门，并且我自由了。
te	O	她脸色苍白，并且这让他很困扰。
te	I	Raphael 's grip was like steel , but she tried to pull herself free .
te	I	He could take an educated guess , but Magnus couldn 't hear what he was saying .
te	I	A stranger in a small town would garner attention , but Scotland would give him a huge area in which to hide .
te	I	Yama noticed , and Gerald frowned .
te	I	I heard everything unfiltered , from the roar of the ship 's engines to my thudding heart beat and all sounds were painful to bear .
te	O	她穿着一套绿色裤装，并且银色眼镜遮住了她的脸。
te	I	Ant 's partner appeared not to notice , but Trish shifted her weight from one high heel to the other .
te	O	肖恩掉了锅铲，并且油溅了出来。
te	O	德克不敢肯定，但是好像卡彭特在为他感到难过。
te	I	I saw a white Peugeot crossing over the road , moving straight towards us , and we both swiveled towards the direction of the sound .
te	O	他悲伤地看着我，但是他的心意显然已决。
te	O	卡罗琳第一次看到乔和马在一起，并且他性格的另一个方面也随之明朗。
te	I	The crowd dispersed , many talking about how well played the execution was and the curtains rolled back into place .
te	O	她认识的每个人都害怕他，并且外面没有人能帮助他们。
te	O	这听起来很真实，并且这让我不寒而栗。
te	I	I didn 't want to find out , and I didn 't know how well someone could sling magic while steering .
te	I	I 'd healed thanks to my new powers , but I 'd been scratched with her blade .
te	O	她明白了他们因为她知道了真相而感到不快，但是那似乎是私人恩怨。
te	O	那闻起来有她的香水味，并且他决定他喜欢那种味道。
te	I	Not the night 's , but the car 's momentum would 've carried them a little further .
te	I	She held him off , but he reached for her .
te	I	She just kept cutting , but Emma grabbed her wrist .
te	I	I didn 't have to , but I was just about to ask her if she 'd seen Ryder .
te	I	I crouch down behind the rail of the parapet , pulling Elise with me , and Will hands Henry to me .
te	O	甚至院子也变成了丛林，并且我也不怀疑妈妈已经解雇了我为她雇的草坪服务。
te	I	To my astonishment I found that Mustapha Khan had been trying to get in touch with me , and I checked the number .
te	I	She didn 't know how to stop him , but frightened , she didn 't want to be alone .
te	I	Today I had an agenda , but I would figure out what to tell them all eventually .
te	I	I guessed it had to do with the bandages he wore , but I wasn 't sure what she meant .
te	O	她开始起身，并且达米安的手用力地抓住她的手腕。
te	O	他们认为我疯了，我独自在北方待了太久，而且这影响了我。
te	O	我靠回沙发垫，并且玛瑟琳又开始摇晃。
te	O	她喊出声，并且她的臀部收紧，大腿紧紧缠绕着我的头。
te	I	What was the likelihood that there were two ghosts following Maddy around , but he 'd brought us here , to her ?
te	O	这个名字听起来有些熟悉，并且我努力回忆起它的语境。
te	O	安娜的思绪涌上史蒂文的心头，并且他觉得他哥哥可能说得对。
te	O	确实已经过了六点……并且那无疑是她胃里持续绞痛的原因。
te	I	The salty taste of the sea on his tongue tasted like an elixir , and the cool water on his face felt like a blessing .
te	O	我无法集中精力写作，并且亚历山大需要暂停绘画休息一下。
te	O	命令本身说起来很简单，但是提供正确的心理冲动却很困难。
te	O	我看到他的拳头向我打来，但是我却无法移动来格挡。
te	O	我一直想着那里是多么黑暗和诡异，所以我甚至开始在我的房间里看到影子。
te	I	Julie didn 't fight it , and Ethan 's hold became stronger .
te	O	他明白了对他有什么要求，并且他也以他认为需要的方式做出了改变。
te	O	摸它们，并且你就会死。
te	I	I just have to say them regardless , but sometimes I say things that are embarrassing .
te	O	我隔着卡罗尔的头向瑞秋投去一瞥，并且她只是笑了笑。
te	O	建筑物本身不是太大，但是也不算小。
te	I	The white lines in his hair began to glow softly blue , like before , and his long hair spilled out around us .
te	I	We 'd gotten the new Walker , but some injuries , some bruises .
te	O	它被称为“非黑暗的黑暗”和“山下黑主”。
te	I	Now she had it and she 'd wanted control .
te	O	兰瑟耸了耸肩，但是他的兄弟是对的。
te	I	Maybe he stored it in the garage , but Nolan 's car wasn 't in the driveway .
te	O	我的皮肤因这突如其来而灼痛，但是我一点也不在乎。
te	O	他找她，但是他在阴影中看不到她。
te	I	She 'd ignored him , needing somehow to feel more in control than she actually was , but she 'd spotted Travis mowing the lawn earlier .
te	O	我们对自己的思想有完全的掌控，并且我们将其用于我们的优势。
te	I	Her short blond ponytail bounced behind her and she walked around into Kara 's room .
te	I	The engine didn 't roll over , but I stuck the key in the ignition .
te	O	他的双臂短暂地抱紧了她，并且然后，极其缓慢地，他的手放松了。
te	O	等他们完事时天已经黑了，并且她准备回家了。
te	O	她出神的目光投向他，但是他知道她没有看到他。
te	I	It was still over too quickly , but that round had been undeniably satisfying .
te	O	我感到双手搭在我的双肩上，并且我仍然不害怕。
te	I	The machine guns of the armored vehicles would carry the day against anything they would encounter but no tanks had been appropriated .
te	O	我看着他们在守护什么，并且我看着他们没有守护的。
te	I	She raced over to him , and all thoughts of the dating disaster left her .
te	I	I know eventually it will turn black , but we head across the desert , the sky a light grey .
te	I	Eventually , she heard the footsteps recede down the hallway and she didn 't answer the door , preferring the coward 's way out .
te	I	That wasn 't something Acheron would normally admit to but it was Acheron 's voice .
te	O	我之所以知道这一点，是因为我有一些不怕谈论自己感受的朋友，并且我认识的人都没有我这种感觉。
te	I	She tried to remember what Aurora had said about her plans and the house was quiet when she walked in .
te	I	I listen again , and Aston 's expression darkens slightly .
te	O	他数了八下拍打，但是他已经失去了势头。
te	I	I had no idea how I was going to get there , but I knew the goal .
te	I	One glanced towards the sheriff , and they looked at each other .
te	I	I had to hide them from everyone but he said I should be proud of them .
te	O	他的眼睛又闭上了，但是他抓住石头的力道没有松开。
te	O	我的眼睛立刻湿润了，并且我竭力不让自己跪倒在地。
te	O	我希望拐角处就有一个简朴的村落，友善的陌生人会邀请我们进去，但是我们孤身一人。
te	O	她咬了咬嘴唇，并且他好奇地观察着这个动作。
te	I	Some inherent instinct told me not to push it , but I wanted to tell him that I could walk .
te	I	Some had sifted through the air like fine snow , but most of the salt had hit its intended target .
te	I	Rich didn 't mind , but listening to only one half of the conversation put him at a distinct disadvantage .
te	O	她的眼底一阵剧痛，并且她闭上了眼睛，期盼着缓解。
te	O	他的手紧紧握住我的，并且有一会儿，我感到我的手指模仿着他的。
te	I	It would take hours , but I could probably find her .
te	I	At least it is a plan for now , but it isn 't the best plan .
te	I	She was terrified of falling off the charging beast , but she gripped him so hard that her muscles ached .
te	I	The next he was being dragged back down to the black depths , and one moment Nate was riding the tide toward a state of awareness .
te	O	有些女人注定要找到爱，但是显然她不是其中之一。
te	O	灼热的光线从白色地板上反射过来，并且珍妮闭上了眼睛，因为那地板似乎向她迎面而来。
te	O	停顿了一下，并且我捧着她的脸颊，用拇指抚摸着那娇嫩的骨骼。
te	O	索菲亚吓坏了，并且那让我很担心。
te	O	我看得出来她想告诉我，但是她纠结于该说什么。
te	I	She says you 're behind it , and the kids are pissed at Mom .
te	O	萨默斯夫人已将消息告知肖恩的父亲，但是他只是说让他随时了解肖恩的状况。
te	I	Her hopes for the right man to come had not wavered , but at the age of twenty-four , she was still not married .
te	I	The tiger took its turn , and Panicked , without a weapon , Michael stumbled .
te	I	There 's no mistaking what I 'm looking at , but the quality is not good , the image grainy .
te	O	我去年看到了一个小的，而且它太小了！
te	I	He did not look towards them , and his head was bowed .
te	O	他试图让自己的身体远离她，但是三十秒后，他心想管他妈的呢？
te	I	The place goes wild and as we 're nudging through the crowd , the band howls into a new , faster song .
te	O	他的眼睛和她那抚慰人心的说话方式让他平静下来。
te	O	他填满了她的手，并且她温柔地抚摸着他。
te	I	In Holton , everyone did , and mitch hated everyone knowing his business .
te	I	Those were rare to be found in an arrow , but her guess would be that they were swan feathers .
te	O	那天晚上，另一位瓦尔基里用箭射穿了他，而且还有一位嘲弄了他的欲望。
te	I	I wasn 't finished but he had a point .
te	O	如此多取决于法官的最终判决，而且塞巴斯蒂安告诉他那可能会朝任何一个方向发展。
te	O	她一直在与眼泪抗争，但是现在，在一个突然的断裂中，她失控了。
te	I	I heard doors slamming , and the vehicle stopped abruptly .
te	O	命运女神的咒语仍有约束力，并且我再次默默地诅咒她们。
te	I	I can 't make any promises but I can certainly try to help .
te	O	马奇不喜欢它们，但是我认为它们很可爱，是带轮子的小型饮料推车，配备了原始的人工智能芯片。
te	I	Dean wanted more and she tasted sweet .
te	I	His family searched the barn and -30 - From far up the hill I watched as Abelard .
te	O	我可以亲自给你拿些东西，但是会花一点时间。
te	O	她完全趴在他身上，但是她正回头看着自己的肩膀。
te	O	丹尼尔揉了揉头，但是这并没有阻止那剧烈的疼痛。
te	O	这么久了她还关心我，这让我很惊讶，但是我无法改变这一点。
te	O	我们今天走了很多路，而且他的那只脚总是很痛。
te	O	我的声音很低，但是我的暗示很明确。
te	O	婴儿安静地睡着了，而且我非常累。
te	I	He pulled into the increasing traffic and the car started with a rumble .
te	I	He shivered with longing as he nodded acknowledgment , and I pointed silently at this evidence of his nature .
te	O	我们检查了公寓的其他地方，这没花多长时间，但是赖德无处可寻。
te	O	我把他重重地摔进椅子里，并且他皱了皱眉，揉着脖子上的红印。
te	O	我仍然因恐惧而颤抖，但是我的一部分知道女王在做什么。
te	O	她的注意力动摇了，并且击倒咒语渗过了环绕着黄玉戒指的屏障裂缝。
te	I	The crew was waiting to take over , and the budget on this party had enabled her to splurge on everything , including cleanup .
te	I	I meet his gaze , but he glares at me .
te	I	Set about his task , and he shook himself , grunting .
te	I	I stepped through to the other side , and he opened the door .
te	O	一束光在科尔眼睛的幽暗蓝色中闪烁，而且我们相视一笑，心照不宣。
te	I	I looked away and my voice faltered .
te	I	It was up to her to maintain contact , but he lived in a retirement community in Arizona .
te	I	It ended up costing her husband over a million dollars , and everyone was flown in for the week long affair .
te	I	He stood up , presumably to get a better look and he seemed unable to make out anything in the thinning haze .
te	O	时间不早了，而且他需要睡觉。
te	I	I didn 't pay attention , but Stella said something to Jamie .
te	I	Her eyes were directed at the floor and Jonathan noticed that she was blushing now .
te	I	My head whipped to the side , and his fist connected with my jaw .
te	O	我开枪了，伴随着一声响亮震耳的枪声，并且突然她的头不见了。
te	O	寻找者的手发光了，并且狼出现在其中。
te	I	She knew it and I would marry her at sixteen .
te	I	I pushed down on the gas a little bit more and the sting of anger was sharp .
te	O	飞行员推下了油门，并且他们开始起飞。
te	O	当她溜进去时，他本会跟上，但是她用手按住他的胸膛阻止了他。
te	I	The third stayed to flirt with one of the preppy dudes , but she convinced one of her other friends to head home .
te	O	维克多负责所有的演讲，但是亚历山德罗总是在背后支持他。
te	O	她的眼睛从内部亮了起来，并且我能看出她很害怕。
te	O	我本来以为会看到戴蒙，但是他们已经提前把他抓走了。
te	O	让画面一个接一个地涌现出来，并且它将像最极致的肉体欢愉一样感性。
te	O	他粲然一笑，并且她的眼睛睁大了。
te	I	I can 't stop smiling and my heart pounds harder .
te	O	我不知道该怎么跟你说，除了我正在深度卧底并且我有一个计划。
te	O	所有人都认为我是最强的，但是我不知道我是否真的是。
te	I	You will not , and I have begged you to come back willingly with me .
te	O	我是周围人的情感负担，并且我没有多少回报。
te	O	我只是奉命行事，并且我没有回头。
te	I	I wondered what I 'd said right , and a smile spread across Ava 's face .
te	I	None of us here are really interested in becoming vampires ourselves and we have to be careful , since the vampires are infectious .
te	I	He evidently felt the same about me , and I already disliked that guy .
te	I	His eyes had lost some of their fire but when he looked at her his lips were tight .
te	I	He straightened his shoulders and his eyes widened .
te	O	那个秃头男人对尼古拉笑了笑，但是那不是一个友善的笑容。
te	O	刺眼的午后阳光突然射入她的眼睛，并且那股新鲜空气很受欢迎。
te	O	她的动作加快了，并且我放慢了速度，在我们靠近她的公寓大楼时。
te	I	Weeds of neglect crowded the lane , and ten miles later the road turned to dust .
te	I	She 's gone , but she turns around to her friend .
te	O	他的白衬衫现在已经完全湿透了，并且我能透过湿布看到他宽阔胸膛的肌肉。
te	O	我的思绪又活跃起来，并且我不再求他放我走。
te	I	I love that little girl of yours , who I hope you 'll let be my daughter someday and I love you .
te	I	I started to scream , and he hit the floor .
te	I	They felt the slight wind made from its rapidly moving wings and to their surprise they saw a Bee 's shiny fuzzy deep black rear emerge .
te	O	他们中的大多数都击不中目标，但是当他看着他妹妹善良的脸时，他仍然感到一阵怒火。
te	I	She never spoke about the man we both thought was my father , and Gina wasn 't even old enough to buy alcohol when she got pregnant .
te	I	His breath caught , and he said again .
te	O	纳特在牧场长大，并且不难看出这里正处于秋季围捕之中。
te	I	Humiliation burned deep in his soul , and sharp nails sliced at his wounds .
te	I	She had it coming , but I did this for us , yeah what I did to Macey was a low blow .
te	O	她正在受罚，并且那惩罚非同小可。
te	O	凯德能看到卡罗琳忍住怒火，但是她保持了沉默。
te	I	Most of them don 't know me but because of that , people know my nicknames .
te	I	She 'd worked for him so long she probably couldn 't get another job , but he took her for granted .
te	I	Running flat out for Solange , but the cat was out of his sight .
te	O	这更像是虚无而非实体，但是我猜这很快就不重要了。
te	I	The President had another national address we had to crash but we had our next stop coming up shortly .
te	O	知道我能让你屈服，但是我不会。
te	O	米雷尔对着我摇头，好像我很傻，而且我琢磨着，依她的标准，我是否如此。
te	I	The room became very quiet when it had done so and the tall woman 's tread died away in the passages .
te	O	是时候现在扩大行动了，趁着理事会受损，而且甭想跟他们谈和平了。
te	I	The driver made good time and the road was relatively empty .
te	O	他的嘴巴紧绷着，但是他难以察觉地点了点头。
te	I	I laughed , and he pouted .
te	I	The studio monitors shrieked with feedback , and Smoke began to rise steadily from the camera , along with the smell of burning rubber .
te	O	我承认这一点，但是这个安排要求上帝的出现。
te	O	机场现在是犯罪现场，但是他仍然必须快速离开。
te	O	似曾相识的感觉第二次袭来，而且我几乎因此而颤抖。
te	O	我睁开眼睛，并且卢卡在我身边。
te	O	她发出可怕的噪音，而且我听到那种声音时，就知道不该走进去。
te	I	My shoulders straighten and my spine lengthens .
te	I	He had no basis for it , and it was , he said , just a gut feeling .
te	I	For a moment I see my father standing on the threshold , and the door begins to open .
te	I	Claire couldn 't quite get there from here , but Dr. Mills was looking at them in satisfaction .
te	O	他给了那男人一张票，并且他给了他三颗软得根本不能称为网球的球。
te	O	她无法抗拒这个男人，而且她厌倦了再去尝试。
te	I	I browse everything , because I never know when I 'll discover something that I didn 't know I liked , but I listen mainly to rock .
te	O	亚伯拉罕来到这个地方是为了生存，而且离开这里将会很困难。
te	O	我不瞎，并且我也不傻。
te	I	Men want that , and she 's sweet .
te	O	他问自己，但是对此他没有答案。
te	I	I restrained myself again , but I felt like slamming the receiver against the wall until it broke .
te	O	克里斯蒂安很生气，但是他也害怕。
te	I	The College will allot you servants and you are to be accorded your titles .
te	O	那个笑容和哥特风格不太搭，但是那就是伊芙。
te	I	I resisted the urge to question his whereabouts , but to my disappointment , Dylan wasn 't present .
te	I	They exchanged their acceptance vows , and when he had finished the prayers he asked the couple to step forward .
te	O	你两次将匕首刺入不死生物，并且你是一个女人，这让他们费解。
te	O	一个计划开始成形，但是他想亲自看看那个地方。
te	I	We made our way through those handsomely and I had remembered to get beers in .
te	O	选美比赛将确保利亚姆和我的未来安稳。
te	I	My head crashed against the mattress , and he pulled the pillow out from under me .
te	O	她喜欢去巴特家，他们有最好的排骨，并且苏西有最好的自制冰淇淋。
te	O	杰米击中了目标，并且羞耻在他心中燃烧。
te	O	我很感谢你过去为我们所做的一切，但是我经营Saddleback牧场已经七年了。
te	I	He preferred talking to her there , in the dark , but had he asked , she would 've invited him inside .
te	I	I resumed my place in the back seat , and I disposed of my empty plastic cup in the garbage on the way to Nevada 's car .
te	I	There were no tears , but I wanted to weep at the sight of me .
te	O	我们抓了几名恶魔看门人作为俘虏，但是我们很难说服他们帮助我们。
te	I	It has to be illegal , but I don 't know what he 's into .
te	I	By the time I arrived at the jail there was nothing left to turn , but I was going to turn her .
te	I	A smiled touched her lips , pleased she 'd made him feel awkward and there was an uncomfortable silence from the other end .
te	I	They hustled across the street after Zane helped Liam to his feet and the signal changed .
te	O	也许，我最近过于多疑了，但是在我看来迈克尔知道的比他说的要多。
te	I	We embraced , and he leaned closer .
te	O	同样的深色护墙板覆盖着墙壁，并且装着看起来相同的书的书架高耸至天花板。
te	I	By God , that 's what she would do , and Uriel told her to distract the bitch .
te	I	They had all gone out , and I checked the candles .
te	O	迈克立刻感觉到手臂瘫软了，并且血液开始顺着他的肘部流下。
te	I	The lust of it was heavy on him , and long hours in the past days Thorin had spent in the treasury .
te	I	Boats bobbed hypnotically in their slips and gulls wheeled overhead .
te	O	马库斯试图把船开得更近，但是他在海浪的冲击下难以保持船的位置。
te	O	他失去了抓力，但是流经他体内的肾上腺素让他坚持了下来。
te	O	当阿罗斯弹药用尽时，他扔掉了步枪，并且他们逃走了。
te	O	他把那件漂亮夹克的袖子都在肘部剪掉了，并且他看起来对此不太高兴。
te	O	它仍然立着，但是它已被部分烧毁。
te	I	The room was feeling the calm before the storm and there were only a couple of minutes to go .
te	O	利亚姆注意到方向盘卡在她的胸腔下，而且汽车前部看起来像个手风琴。
te	I	A hand unconsciously reached for a hatchet and the bearded hunter 's eyes narrowed .
te	I	You managed to get lost from the Guest Suite to your lab , yet you told me that you 've lived in The Hub your whole life .
te	O	事情发生后就不可能了，而且他几分钟前刚刚错失了他的第二次机会。
te	O	她看起来很担心，并且尽管我没有表现出来，我也是。
te	I	They don 't use the time they have , but people want to posses more time , dream about eternity .
te	O	杰克盯着他看了很长时间，并且然后他的目光慢慢地从他身上移开。
te	I	She hugged me tighter , and I leaned into the crook of her shoulder .
te	I	There were backward looks , but the man walked off .
te	I	None at all was turning out just as bad , but too much ambition might have been a bad thing .
te	O	他可能拆散了我们，但是他也让我们复合了。
te	I	Maybe we missed somebody , but we thought we got all of them .
te	O	现在已经过了午饭时间，并且我仍然没有收到任何回复。
te	O	撞击声在屋子里回荡，并且我听到了父亲的脚步声。
te	I	All seemed quiet out there , but he checked Kane 's camera .
te	I	He was making them and there were plans to be made .
te	O	他清楚地知道自己要去哪里，并且两天前他觉得单调的风景现在看起来很熟悉，甚至显得亲切。
te	O	这一景象仍然引起了乐趣，并且如果他诚实地说，它也激发了嫉妒。
te	I	She clutched them together desperately , but I reached over to open her furs .
te	O	紫色的色调被消除了，并且灯光恢复了正常。
te	I	Now he was farther away from the means to determine for certain , and except that she might not be his at all .
te	O	他小时候站在那两具血淋淋的尸体旁边的画面充满了我的脑海，但是我什么也没说。
te	I	The sky looks purple and the sun is setting .
te	O	她咯咯地笑了，并且那声音几乎和她本人一样美丽。
te	O	我试图躲进隧道里，但是墙壁被挤压得合拢了。
te	I	He welcomed the chance to spend time with Victoria again , and William lived alone in a large apartment with plenty of room .
te	I	Her eyes were moist , and she 'd pleaded .
te	I	Max charged ahead before it took over the meeting , and a worried murmur began to rise .
te	I	Their eyes met and his face turned .
te	I	He didn 't , but he was close enough to touch me .
te	O	他没有欣赏建筑，但是试图寻找凯的任何迹象。
te	I	The bacon I 'd eaten was doing funny things in my stomach , and there was a decent crowd out there .
te	O	那股拉力又来了，并且她叫了出来，已经那么近了。
te	I	Kaylin hugged her close , and Avril sat with me , her eyes wet as we waited .
te	I	The room is empty and I flick it on .
te	I	Every inch was like pushing through a sewer pipe and the passage was even tighter now .
te	I	These are close living quarters , and I get that you 're a wild animal .
te	I	I 'm back to instinct , and the puck hits the ice .
te	O	我们隔着明迪的头互相凝视，并且我知道她心里没有卢卡斯。
te	I	I had to steady myself before carefully raising a foot over the sill , and the wind took my breath away .
te	O	他听到玻璃教堂门砰地关上，并且他再也听不到婴儿的哭声了。
te	I	The two positioned themselves on either side of the gold totem , and Maggie nodded .
te	I	They eased just as quickly when he squeezed my hand , and nerves hit me again as Christian swung the door open .
te	I	She couldn 't say he 'd hurt her , but he had been wild .
te	I	Sweat is already beading on my skin , and I hear the metallic whine of her zipper .
te	O	她不能，并且她不愿。
te	I	He started to turn towards Lea , showing his surprised pig face , and that got the attention of the orc .
te	I	He looked at me curiously , and I stood in the doorway .
te	I	They looked at each other , and she felt him pull her closer .
te	O	柯尔斯滕从韦斯手中抢过钥匙，并且他们离开了。
te	I	I started to head towards it , mouth watering , and my eyes locked on a glazed ham that sat enticingly in the center of the table .
te	O	珍妮随后递给她一杯马提尼，并且她快速地点头致谢，接过了它。
te	I	I always had to tease them first , and I 've rolled over a lot of them .
te	I	None of them knew what to start with , but they all understood they had to act quickly .
te	O	笑声让她双颊泛红，并且打斗让她双眼明亮。
te	I	Then again , he 'd hardly been gracious to me in the past , but I didn 't want to take advantage of Blakely .
te	O	雷吉意识到他快要大喊大叫了，并且人们正震惊地看着他。
te	I	It was a strain to do so , but he answered civilly .
te	I	Mary helped her to disrobe and Susan sat down .
te	O	她发出了一声微弱的抗议，然而她的手却探向他的背，将他抱紧。
te	I	I laughed and she grinned .
te	I	It was positively crawling with fleas - and it was a small patch of fur .
te	O	我听着她的哭泣，并且这与我心脏的节奏相符。
te	O	约翰希望他没有严重伤害他，但是如果亚当是可信的，他做了必要的事情。
te	O	这孩子表现得很得体，并且他没有提出任何不合理的要求。
te	I	He could not have that , and they would go for her .
te	O	她担忧地回头看了我一眼，但是她很快将所有注意力转向了电脑。
te	I	White icicle lights shimmering from the rafters like a thousand stars , but he flicks on the lights which are no longer the fluorescent .
te	I	She sees more of the world than I do , yet she has not left this room in three years .
te	I	She knew if this legend held any merit , it was necessary for their peace , but she didn 't agree with the purge .
te	I	She reached for her cell phone and Kelly was in need of help .
te	I	He knew where he was best needed , but he hated to leave its security .
te	I	That meant no vents , no way for me to sneak in nor out , and there weren 't no fresh air coming down .
te	O	佐伊屏住了呼吸，但是她点了点头。
te	O	意识从那种分裂中产生，并且自从那次事件发生以来，这两个目的就相互竞争。
te	O	我一直保持微笑，好像是压力让我不堪重负，并且我终于崩溃了。
te	O	没有人对那个妥协感到高兴，但是他们同意了。
te	O	我给了你我的一部分，并且你千百倍地回报了我。
te	O	怀亚特的话语渗入了瑞德的心中，并且他努力不表现出任何表情变化。
te	I	She returns the gesture with a sunny smile of her own , and he smiles at June .
te	O	他的眼睛向上翻去，并且他的手指在他的肉上撕开了一道道口子。
te	I	At least half annoyed , or he now sounded half mad .
te	I	Just as they had in their animal forms , the creatures seemed to understand him , but it seemed absurd .
te	I	He 's honed it with practice , and it 's his best survival skill .
te	I	Boys his age did not grow tomatoes , but he had not told me he grew marijuana .
te	I	First I needed sleep , but maybe I would just buy a new outfit , what the heck .
te	I	That 's not who he is , but Chase might be a musician .
te	I	Harp had made up her mind before anyone knew and the courtship was quick .
te	I	I watched the freaking clock but it was embarrassing to admit .
te	I	He was gone , but she raised her head to look at Daniel .
te	O	卡罗琳发现了一家巫毒商店，但是凯德非常坚决地不让她靠近。
te	O	她打扫了，并且她打扫得很干净。
te	O	我帮他拆开了大部分箱子，并且他指导我把东西放在哪里。
te	I	If she gave in , Jackson would kill her but Hysteria lurked perilously close to the surface .
te	O	她对这个问题显得有点惊讶，但是她回答得足够快。
te	I	He couldn 't help the fact that his mental rollercoaster was now entering a helpless , natural free fall , but he had to .
te	I	Instinctively I jump towards Logan , and something brushes up against my back .
te	O	已经很晚了，并且我真的必须走了。
te	I	Sometimes I wasn 't alone , and I used to do this all the time .
te	O	坐下后，巴士就开走了，并且凯瑟琳稍微恢复了精神。
te	I	I only had a few seconds to use , but there were so many things I still wanted to ask her .
te	O	他什么也没再说，但是他语气中的悲伤已经说明了一切。
te	O	维恩跃过跳跃的顶点，并且随着她的动量改变，她只在空中悬停了片刻。
te	I	It was hard to follow the speed of her punches , and she was making an impressive sound on it .
te	I	She refused to fall into the abyss of depression , but a few tears trailed down her cheeks .
te	I	It was enough , but that was all .
te	I	Adam blushed , and Ruthie said .
te	I	Galen 's mother gripped her husband 's arm , and Galen 's father 's golden eyebrows went up .
te	I	She screamed again and the coils tightened .
te	I	Seeing him like this was killing her , but it 'd been hurting for days .
te	I	She had nearly ended her own life and this was the most important task she might ever accomplish .
te	I	They ducked down , but she strode forward .
te	O	她没有对此发表评论，并且我将她的沉默视为同意。
te	O	它是我的生命线，是让我保持清醒的地方，并且我还没有准备好切断那根绳索。
te	I	We barely made it here in time , and a sleeping bus was our only option .
te	I	Mac hadn 't believed him at the time , but apparently he meant it .
te	O	这比他想的要容易，或者也许是因为那是塔米。
te	O	他抓住了她的手，并且迈出三大步他就到了楼梯底部，拖着她跟在他身后。
te	I	Jed preempted the words , but I opened my mouth to reply .
te	O	他的嘴唇紧抿着，并且他的嘴角布满了细纹。
te	I	Power was still available , but Power companies shut down .
te	O	威格尔看着他，但是那个侏儒避开了他的目光。
te	O	这里比较暖和，并且一束令人振奋的金色光芒从他上方高处一个他看不清的源头，沿着中央天井滤了下来。
te	I	Seeing each other regularly kind of helps , but Relationships are always hard .
te	I	Valentine was a terrible father , but I know what you thought .
te	O	这已经是非常漫长的一天了，而且他会焦躁不安也是理所当然的。
te	O	男孩们不想要她们，但是至少她们还有彼此！
te	I	He waved for a guard , and his eyes narrowed .
te	I	He closed the door behind them and they gathered in his office .
te	I	I feel victorious , but I don 't know why it seems like I 've just won a bet .
te	I	I couldn 't , wouldn 't , so I stayed , but he screamed when I told him my age , told me to leave .
te	O	有人别了他的车，并且加勒特冲他们按喇叭。
te	O	慢慢地，他试图睁开眼睛，但是白天的强光使他的头部又传来一阵剧痛。
te	I	They had put him to sleep somehow or the demons had a way to stanch communication .
te	O	他在几周前非常享受拜访他们，但是他知道这次会更有治愈性。
te	I	Then his shoulders slumped in defeat , and he wiped a hand over his face , hesitating .
te	O	我不知道，并且这让我很恼火。
te	I	Eyes closed and he occupied the center of the master bedroom , standing with head back .
te	I	She hadn 't heard from her since , and there had been no trace of Jordan when Emily got back to her room the day before .
te	O	你可以弄到一把点25口径的枪，并且它非常容易射击。
te	O	兰还不是她的守护者，但是她想尽快得到他。
te	O	礼宾员跟着邦德回到卧室，并且当邦德说他要这间房时，感激地躬身退了出去。
te	I	That was my line , and this was a well-established script .
te	I	That 's my secret , but of course , I have my own way of getting back into the stadium .
te	I	That was expected of her kind , but the woman was pale .
te	I	It didn 't take away the pain of torn flesh , but the soil may have stopped the worst of the bleeding .
te	O	也许他应该给那个小家伙装上某种追踪器，但是那现在已是过去的事了。
te	O	这很艰难，但是总得有人去做。
te	O	你看到了你不喜欢的一件事，并且你非但不信任我，反而指责我。
te	I	I think it 's a trap , but I can hear her , too .
te	O	他现在已经说服了自己，并且不再想着要离开树木的庇护。
te	I	He seems to want to keep you a secret just as much as we do , but I can 't say much for Kiran .
te	I	She swallowed it back down and the panic that accompanied that thought rose in her chest .
te	I	There are so many of the special ones not yet in existence , and neither side is ready to come together .
te	O	警车在路上停了下来，并且司机向他招手。
te	I	The lock had been left open , but the door had a robust lock on it .
te	I	We walked over to a room at the back of the building and I nodded .
te	O	麻木感很快就来了，并且她又变得焦躁不安。
te	I	He knew how to deal with them , but guys came sniffing around from time to time .
te	O	这不会改变任何事情，但是至少会让他感觉好些。
te	I	She must bring it back by tomorrow evening , but we can keep if for the night , the constable told her .
te	O	女孩们坚持要洗碗，并且布莱克回到了谷仓。
te	I	I am so sorry for making you feel like that , but adelle I don 't know what had happened to us .
te	I	Her decision was ultimate , but she relied greatly on council in matters relating to the country .
te	O	他们，不得不承认，有点失望错过了它，但是所有人都知道他们离开太久了。
te	I	I didn 't bother to repeat my question , to sound less annoyed , but I heard the tension in my voice .
te	O	我们保住了他的腿，并且他的胃部伤口没有我们想象的那么糟糕。
te	I	She looked about to say something and Tasha 's lips pursed in anger .
te	I	Now Best Friend might come , and Man is angry with me .
te	O	我从未见过那么红的脸，并且他的脸颊鼓得像个河豚。
te	O	他的声音很温柔，并且我想知道他到底想说什么。
te	I	His staff could handle the event , but Sullivan Autos sponsored one of the racers .
te	I	He went still in her grip , and she grabbed Cain 's head to keep it from slamming into the metal shelving .
te	I	They didn 't mean any harm when they told me those stories , but my aunts didn 't tell me the normal bedtime stories , yes .
te	O	直到眼睛烧灼起来，并且獠牙伸了出来。
te	I	It didn 't make my life any easier , but the fact that they weren 't forthcoming with information was hardly surprising .
te	I	She 'd given him the same story she 'd given me , and they 'd had earth sciences together .
te	I	She still couldn 't walk without limping , but her injuries had stopped being so irksome .
te	I	He smiled at me again , but he looked a little stunned .
te	O	我走后，他们会把我的房间消毒，但是他们不会看那里。
te	I	I need to go back , but I don 't have any hope that Reagan made it , though .
te	O	想太多只会毁了它，而且我不想毁了它。
te	O	这显然会造成一些时间上的差异，但是宇宙的更高力量都能将其纠正过来。
te	I	The light from the morning sun shone on her face , and her eyes were a brilliant green .
te	I	I 'll do anything to get her and I love her .
te	O	咒语再次把我拉入深渊，并且我无法回应我的伴侣。
te	I	All trace of boredom had gone and her niece 's face was tight with concentration .
te	I	Hearing her explanation but nothing mattered anymore .
te	I	The logistics of moving a limp object in three dimensions was never simple , but in the anti-gravity of space , Olaf weighed nothing .
te	O	水从浴缸里溅出来，但是他们俩都没有理会这片狼藉。
te	I	She would go crazy or she had to find something to do .
te	I	I saw that the door to Howell 's study was still shut , and I had to cross the living room one more time .
te	O	这两个男人突然走进房间，而且他们把我的父母推到他们前面。
te	O	她重击地面，并且地面裂开了。
te	O	乔治不肯承认，但是她有一整盒那时的东西。
te	O	我一动就疼，并且当我睁开眼睛时，我透过蒸汽看到了自己大腿内侧。
te	I	His voice was matter-of-fact and he frowned at me .
te	O	她一直坚持要我们去吃冰淇淋，并且说实话，我开始觉得不耐烦了，因为我一点都不想吃。
te	O	我们终于分开，并且梅森打破了沉默。
te	O	我摇了摇头以理清思绪，但是他仍然占据了我所有的思维能力。
te	I	She could see blood staining the fabric where she had cut him , and he clutched at the arm holding his sword .
te	O	然后，莉亚用右钩拳攻击路易莎的头部，但是路易莎躲开了这一拳。
te	I	They also didn 't care who else they hurt in the process , but it proved that not only did these people really want me dead .
te	O	他的顾虑减轻了，并且他按响了门铃。
te	I	She opened for him , eager to feel him penetrate her completely and he began the slow push .
te	I	She still had her mouth open and I aimed back at her .
te	O	它转向了他，并且当他举起手时，它直接飘向了他。
te	I	Even James was biting his lip to stop himself from laughing , but Marlon struggled to keep a straight face for Cindy 's sake .
te	O	许多人已经看过这个演示好几次了，但是那个时刻却从未停止令人惊叹。
te	I	They did represent the most cohesive attempt that he 'd ever made at writing something original , but he wasn 't certain if they were profound .
te	I	I don 't say anything , but I look up at him .
te	I	I still don 't , and I didn 't want to start a panic .
te	O	这很难领会，但是旅行是我们前进的动力。
te	O	我知道他准备好了，但是他停顿了。
te	I	Leo nodded and she mumbled .
te	I	I hated it ... and it was awkward .
te	I	I wasn 't and she was aging .
te	I	We know that Garvey 's office was upstairs , but most likely they 'll be in the main living area .
te	O	有一刻我预料会发生暴力，但是慢慢地，那个时刻正在消逝。
te	I	Any survivors were hiding , and Shops were looted , especially liquor stores .
te	I	Yet there had been no ' for sale ' sign outside and on top was a picture of Mary 's house .
te	I	Years ago he jumped ship to the other side , but he 's ex-military , Irish Guards actually .
te	O	不时地，一根树枝猛地砸在他的卡车车顶上，并且我完全预料他最终会被刺穿。
te	O	她正在做梦，但是她的梦却与她以前做过的任何梦都不同。
te	O	我走下前廊的台阶走到一半，并且一提到帕奇，我的脚就滑了一下。
te	I	The smells of breakfast made my stomach rumble again , and we took the hallway to the right that led to the kitchen .
te	O	她本该松一口气，但是她反而发现自己……失望？
te	O	他的心跳似乎慢了下来，直到几乎停止，并且他感觉自己好像吞下了一大团毛茸茸的棉花。
te	O	他甚至告诉了她这一点，但是她却无法按照他的说法去理解。
te	O	杰克昨天不在这里，但是他今天在这里。
te	O	我的腿伸出去想抓住她，但是我没抓住。
te	I	He knew they were already on the road to ruination , and they knew a little about him , what he expected .
te	I	It fills the crack under the closet door and he flicks on the lights .
te	I	We get clawed at and sometimes we run into a feisty meal .
te	O	我爱她，但是她走自己的路。
te	O	他们很挑剔，而且他们喜欢我们的数字是令人鼓舞的。
te	O	她的眼睛又紧紧闭上了，并且她的脸皱成一团，好像她想把那个人赶走一样。
te	I	His face tightened into a frown , and he could sense Seth as well .
te	O	他把目光移回到我的眼睛，并且其中有无法否认的欲望。
te	O	鲜血触及了我鞋子的边缘，并且它让我的脚步比平时更加黏滞。
te	I	He shifted to face Lincoln again , and Memories of the Maze flooded in .
te	I	I 'm not wearing any rings now but I 've been married four times .
te	I	I almost felt ... nervous , but I couldn 't understand why .
te	I	I heard an underlying current of nervousness , but it was Max 's voice , Max 's smile .
te	I	I was fairly certain I 'd be ready for a little break , but I didn 't like asking for time off .
te	O	三年并未减弱他对他们在拉斯维加斯新婚之夜的记忆，并且歌剧之夜是一个恰当的续篇。
te	O	那盏灯不是最好的镜子，但是她什么也看不见。
te	O	丹尼尔希望能在飞机上睡一会儿，但是关于拉萨尔情况的信息匮乏让他心神不宁。
te	O	精华早已从他的舌尖消失，并且他的獠牙已经缩回原位。
te	O	花了几秒钟，但是其中一人终于开口了。
te	I	His tie was black without a pattern , but his shirt was gleaming white .
te	O	显然亨宁格对他的最新盈利项目感到兴奋，并且他需要对此滔滔不绝。
te	I	Damn did he look charming , but he didn 't look convinced .
te	I	Oxygen is a corrosive gas , but you don 't realize it .
te	I	Then it disappeared , but she could have sworn she saw something moving .
te	I	They saved our lives but they ´ re crazy .
te	I	Not all of them are fit for military duty , but many people are swamped in debt in the Capitol .
te	I	He lay down in the blackness , praying never to wake and his vision left him shortly afterward .
te	I	I 'm exhausted , and it 's late .
te	I	She realized she had been placed on a bed and the breeze disappeared .
te	I	You 've had some emergency surgery , and you 've been in an accident .
te	I	I needed to give her that and he said she needed time to deal with things .
te	O	他们走出房间，进入走廊，并且艾比在他们身后把门关上了。
te	O	她听起来很担心，并且我感到呼吸一窒。
te	I	I knew it was no use , but I tried to look away .
te	O	她的嘴巴惊讶地张开了，但是她没有抽身离开。
te	I	It was so damn sexy , and he rubbed the back of his neck , looked down at his feet .
te	O	哈罗德转身想回去，但是已经没有什么可回去的了。
te	O	他是第一，并且我是第二。
te	O	他那天早上已经告诉了她他的意图，但是她不确定他是否会这样做。
te	I	I knew what I was going to do , and I did my best to bluff my way out of it though .
te	I	I slid into her with ease and Della lifted her h * ps .
te	I	The profits that would ensue to the members of the Dublin Corporation and talking all that summer of 1778 , explaining what Free Trade meant .
te	O	约瑟夫不是很饿，但是他还是吃了几份三明治。
te	I	She 's who I plan on building my future with , and I love Gin .
te	I	I thought those were reserved especially for me , and damn .
te	O	她不是他的对手，但是现在他已经走了。
te	O	你从未见过这场狂野的狩猎，但是我已经见过。
te	I	The unmistakable tingles identified him , but I didn 't look , too afraid to hope it could be Fade .
te	O	妮基吞咽时喉咙抽搐，并且她发出了作呕的声音。
te	I	Experience had taught him not to ignore his gut , and the feeling was back .
te	O	那是一种事后诸葛亮式的评论，但是这并非完全关于包装工队。
te	I	Patsy 's mind moved against hers , and Fingers fluttered against the back of her hand .
te	I	I told her the truth anyway , but we never did agree on that .
te	O	我笑了，并且玛吉脸红了。
te	I	It was too late , but she commanded .
te	I	I was finally able to fully take in our surroundings and he caressed my cheeks as he pulled away from me .
te	O	戈尔曼派我去调查此事，并且我第二天就查到了贝克的名字。
te	O	她用审视的眼神看着我，并且我想知道我的心思是否都写在脸上了。
te	O	我不生气，但是我想要理解。
te	I	That was no place for a child to grow up but it broke my heart to fight my sister like that .
te	I	That was al it took to save her life , but it lasted for only a fraction of a second .
te	I	I pushed that away but he placed his hand over my forehead .
te	O	内脏接着端了上来，并且我从让-皮埃尔那里吃掉了纯脑物质。
te	O	现在是下午早些时候，而且丽贝卡觉得她已经赢得了一些独处的时光。
te	I	His own hands have messed and he runs his hands over my hair , flattening the places sleep .
te	I	It didn 't mean he didn 't worry , but he had complete faith in all the teams .
te	I	He was missing , but he was aiming .
te	O	他们踏上河岸，并且很快就手牵手走在街上。
te	O	我花了很多时间做艰难的决定，但是今天我决定我需要休息一天。
te	O	当她回来时，查理挽住她的手臂，并且他们疯跑着冲向马车。
te	O	他没有看她，但是他的肩膀放松了。
te	O	我把盒子里的小骨灰盒推到一边，并且光线照亮了深色布料上的银色刺绣。
te	I	Angelina had to be content with what she had and stamping her feet would not magically make money appear .
te	I	Another yawn betrayed her , but Reece tried to protest .
te	O	他用那种别的语言对我说了些什么，而且我皱起了眉头，不明白。
te	I	My mother cries harder and I shake my head .
te	I	Jack didn 't touch me , but Water dripped down my face .
te	O	那是他受伤的部位，但是他甚至没有畏缩。
te	I	He intended to , and Nick wanted to see her naked .
te	I	She had no idea how she was making it when she was talking with John so naturally and the sound was frightening in its intensity .
te	I	That had never happened , but I had tried to land more than one wealthy local in Sea Breeze .
te	I	I could handle it myself , even in dense bush , and my canoe , while tippy , had at least been built very light .
te	I	Her dad was his brother , and Mr. Deville was Camellia 's son .
te	O	那么你是一个女人，并且有能力掌控自己的命运。
te	O	马加快步伐慢跑起来，而且无论怎么踢也无法让它再快了。
te	I	Then chairs went back across the tent , eagerly , as if nothing more had been wanted than a pretext , and for a moment no-one spoke .
te	I	Rob frowned , and Lewis winced .
te	I	Karen got very close again and Lea put her guard back .
te	I	There was nowhere left to go , but I still didn 't want to be here .
te	I	He knew it , and he was right .
te	O	当她意识到他是谁时，她的眼睛惊讶地睁大了，并且她急忙坐起来，把书塞到背后。
te	O	坦普尔又想逃跑，但是她永远无法下楼。
te	O	内特听不到那个声音，但是特雷弗大声笑了。
te	I	He turned it into the largest towing service on the Mississippi River , and his father gave him an old barge line just before he died .
te	I	I don 't even have that many conversations with girls , either , and I never talk to boys .
te	I	She was supposed to be picking out Sebastian 's future wife , but for not only was the engagement to be fake !
te	O	我发现自己下意识地伸手去抓他，想握住他的手，但是他太远了。
te	I	He was silent for a moment as he glanced through the legal documents , and I handed him the envelope .
te	I	We will train you up more to defeat them later and if you absolutely have to , flee .
te	O	我的头靠在他的肩膀上，并且我的眼睛闭着。
te	O	他让妈妈压力很大，而且这必须停止。
te	I	There was only air , but I opened my mouth .
te	I	It was , maybe because of all they 'd been through , but he couldn 't explain why this moment was different from before .
te	O	我坐起来了，并且一个哈欠溜了出来。
te	O	我用手背擦了一下，但是那没什么用。
te	O	队伍还在外面，并且现在一匹白马的头出现在了窗户里。
te	I	I breathed a sigh of relief that I still had access , and its security panel turned green .
te	O	他太英俊了，太有吸引力了，并且对他来说竞争太激烈了。
te	I	I leaped to my feet , and someone knocked on the door .
te	O	我轻轻地把她翻过身来让她仰卧，并且她的眼睛颤动着睁开了。
te	O	椅子被划破了，并且所有的水都被倒光了。
te	I	She squinted against the glare and her fire burned white hot .
te	I	Now green lights flickered deep within the trees , but Huron Valley had been a black sheet under the night sky .
te	I	She 'd never seen it , but she 'd heard about it .
te	O	我现在身在其中了，并且我不会回家。
te	O	明天将是我最后一次矫正性工作会议，并且它来得越快越好。
te	O	男人试图拦下他们，但是他们径直开过去了。
te	O	我模糊地记得保罗来看我，让我喝水，但是我大部分时间都在睡觉。
te	O	鹈鹕抬起头看彼得在做什么，并且他嘘声让她回去睡觉。
te	I	I 'll take charge here , and you give me the crown .
te	O	施耐德夫人给了她一张纸巾，并且她用它轻拭眼睛。
te	I	I feel this instantaneous urge to follow her , remembering how sexy Violet is when she dances and she whirls toward the dancing area .
te	I	I 'm pretty sure I know which one , and he claims a fallen angel is blackmailing him .
te	O	那个吻从轻啄开始，但是接着他用舌头分开了我的嘴唇。
te	I	We have a team working on it right now but I cannot predict how long that might take .
te	I	He 's already a step ahead , but I try to kick at Alec .
te	O	帕克不需要另一个讨厌寒冬王子的理由，而且希望他永远不会发现。
te	O	“回去，尼亚姆，”一个不同的声音——一个女人的声音——说道，但是我明白已经太晚了。
te	I	She 's forgiving and he 's sorry .
te	O	那是胡扯，并且他知道。
te	O	我的眼睛眨了眨，适应着黑暗，并且一串气泡从我嘴里冒了出来。
te	O	他们不完全一样，但是他们本可以和睦相处。
te	I	It just kind of hung there for a bit and it was a big number .
te	O	我大概花了十分钟吃完热狗，并且那时他已经吃完了他的四个。
te	O	她说最后一个字时声音哽咽了，并且她用双手捂住嘴巴，显然在忍住眼泪。
te	I	Drawn faces , closing my lips on my questions and I accept their offerings of food in silence , noting their protruding ribs .
te	O	当然，他有一头漂亮的头发，令人惊叹的眼睛，而且更重要的是，一身肌肉发达、布满纹身的身体，任何懂事的女孩都会为之垂涎。
te	O	斯特拉抬起头，并且她绿色的眼睛在微弱的灯笼光中闪烁。
te	O	总有人在笑，并且接着，突然，音乐变了。
te	I	There are snores that live by their own rules , and there are snores with the rhythm of the clockwork of the universe .
te	O	也许它们被解锁了，因为我正仰望着那座宏伟的酒店，或者也许我有了某种预感。
te	I	I reached for the door handle and we pulled up to my house .
te	O	她瞥了扎恩一眼，期待着某种帮助，但是他只是别过了头。
te	I	She shampooed it several times to make certain it was clean , and there were gobs of mud in her hair , something she hated .
te	I	I loved that he wasn 't ashamed of them with me , but I loved his scars as they were a part of him .
te	I	I 'm about to pass out , and there 's no point in it .
te	I	I don 't say anything , but I feel guilty , because I know she only wants to help .
te	I	Then he will turn that power against the tree , and he will drain anything that stands in his path .
te	O	他的全身灼烧，并且他花了一会儿评估损伤。
te	O	她的手抬了起来，并且她的手指蜷曲着握住了银色旋钮。
te	O	他的手指继续在她头上轻轻打圈，并且她可以发誓他的手微微颤抖。
te	I	It somehow looked that way but it wasn 't Victoria 's intention to scare her .
te	O	我告诉他把它们留给自己，并且我从门内抓过我们的背包。
te	I	She was alive , but she was blind .
te	I	You did not like it but the boy made it for you .
te	I	For twelve years , he was abused by his caregivers , and he had been born with his mutant powers .
te	I	I loved him , but Tristan had lied to me from the moment he met me .
te	I	He somehow had an eerie way of tapping into what I was feeling and I seemed to be like an open book with this guy .
te	O	她之前在里德问起时没有告诉他，但是事实是，每当她的武器请求得到批准时，她总是很惊讶。
te	I	The sorcerers amongst us tended to have keepsakes , but it was rare for kobolds to own anything at all .
te	O	她以为他会嘲笑她的讽刺，但是他反而皱着眉转向她。
te	I	She didn 't want the nameless woman to think that she was spying on them and she didn 't want Simon to see her .
te	O	卡罗琳的电话响了，并且她从铃声听出来是特雷弗。
te	I	She thought better of it , but the saner part of herself wanted to head toward them .
te	I	After a few seconds Mom picked up , and I heard Nanna holler for my mother .
te	O	艾登瞟了我一眼，并且我迅速移开了视线。
te	I	I went over to see Sarah for a half hour before I left and we stayed for dinner then Aisling .
te	I	A flame of envy lances my heart wide open , and I watch as he threads his arm around her waist .
te	I	There were more of them in some areas , but the trees were thinly strewn across the landscape .
te	O	她一直是个处女，并且他曾是她的第一个。
te	O	伊登轻柔地问她问题，但是它们对我却有着真正的力量。
te	I	He was also a realist , but the doctor was an eternal optimist .
te	I	She still hated the truck , but she now loved the town .
te	I	Then they were slowly walking , and her father cleared his throat .
te	I	It 's blazing hot today , and I 'm tired , hungry .
te	O	如果他足够幸运能熬过这一次，他可能活不过下一次，并且你知道还会有下一次。
te	I	I didn 't know the woman , but I recognized Cash .
te	O	她还没告诉伊森，并且我像她一样清楚，他不会为此感到高兴。
te	O	我似乎对魅惑术有些抵抗力，但是我没有任何其他的心灵能力。
te	I	I had been stupid enough to throw it away , and I 'd had Gin 's love .
te	O	我希望你如此深刻地刻在我的灵魂中，以至于我不知道我在哪里结束，并且你在哪里开始。
te	O	她的眼睛微微睁大，并且她的嘴巴张开了。
te	I	Even that was tainted a little , but only Duncan remained my friend , in his way .
te	I	She 'd seen these coats before , but it looked almost ordinary .
te	I	Night had fallen by the time she found it and the last light of dusk had vanished behind the distant mountains .
te	O	她知道他认为那很危险，他担心会伤害她，但是她并不害怕。
te	O	这根镶嵌钻石的金色魔杖看起来致命得多，而且这意味着“梦想者”比她死前更具杀伤力。
te	O	几周前，一个女巫让埃里克失忆了，并且花了几天才恢复他的身份意识。
te	O	现在我在路的另一边，并且我们都在同一辆车的两边。
te	O	这让他开始怀疑自己当初为何爱她，但是他知道。
te	I	Those shifts weren 't possible with Noah at home , but I preferred nights , loving the quieter feel of the hospital .
te	I	What would be the point , but the Reverend could be lying , of course ?
te	I	All the others followed , and he rose .
te	O	他们四人加入了搜寻，但是逃生绳却无处可寻。
te	I	This time , his eyes meet mine and I turn , screaming for Dante again .
te	I	Uncle Henry 's voice rang out and Charlie was just beginning to struggle against the hands that suddenly arrested her when the door crashed open again .
te	I	Both were pursued by uncertainty and Elation was followed by panic .
te	I	Carmine inhaled sharply , and he let go .
te	O	她把布贴在我的太阳穴上，并且我痛得龇牙咧嘴。
te	I	As time passed , he never did , but I swore he would come back .
te	O	是的，她在湖里见过鱼，但是它们和地球上的鱼完全不同。
te	O	他不止一次地克制了自己，并且我知道如果我问，他就会停下来。
te	I	My mom cried tears of joy as she hugged me and she left again .
te	O	我是这个县的普通公民，和任何其他人一样，并且我决定行使我获取公共信息的权利。
te	O	他手腕上的钢环依然悬挂着，但是奥龙却如释重负地自由摆动着手臂。
te	I	The tunnel is completely black , and the torches are no longer guiding our way .
te	O	我真的不应该喜欢这个女孩，但是我确实喜欢她。
te	I	As I did , I heard a noise behind me , but I turned to leave .
te	O	冈纳戴着一个带刺的项圈，并且邦德戴着一个黑色的蝴蝶结项圈。
te	I	Then he sighed , and his eyes flickered as if trying to read Alejo 's expression .
te	I	Together they fumbled for the door , and Ethan helped Emma up .
te	O	那是一个好故事，但是我曾是那些活动的头条人物。
te	O	后面几名台球玩家围在桌边，并且一小群情侣正在跳舞。
te	I	She scowled again and mom turned to her younger brother snoring in the chair while the Skipper whacked Gilligan with his cap .
te	I	My unspoken plea came too late , but I wished they would just shut up .
te	I	I fought the urge to cry , and my heart dropped in my chest .
te	I	I didn 't want to call him on it without being sure , but I thought I heard something ugly in his tone .
te	I	His self-esteem was brought to ground level from great heights , and the tumult without certainly had a negative effect on him .
te	I	It 's not connected , but I really feel for the other girl 's family .
te	O	凯莉跳了起来，并且真的把米兰达推出了椅子。
te	I	Together they would find freedom , and they would host open mic sessions for whoever wished to speak .
te	I	He has only as much authority as his subjects give to him , and a man can only lead when others accept him as their leader .
te	I	Their eyes met and he looked down .
te	O	斯嘉丽设法跟上了，但是她仍然处于震惊之中。
te	O	他需要洗个澡，并且他现在就需要。
te	O	它们很美，但是斯皮德很困惑。
te	I	He was calmly gathering everything up , ignoring her obvious distress , and her body was crying out for his , uncomfortably not her own .
te	I	I 'll wish I didn 't know , and maybe one day you 'll tell me .
te	I	It seemed to frustrate them more that their plaything would no longer play with them , but it didn 't make the beatings less .
te	I	I noticed , with a little twinge of disappointment , that his jacket was on , and Quinn was hovering in the entranceway , glancing at pictures .
te	O	我嘲笑他的评论，并且房间又安静了下来。
te	O	我开始玩你的游戏，并且然后很快我就断定你只是一个喜欢耍权弄势的傲慢混蛋。
te	I	His temper was short and his word was law .
te	I	I guided him to me , and he pushed forward a little .
te	I	Most of it is completely fenced off with thick lengths of rope , but people fill the space where they can .
te	I	The blond vampire appeared almost instantly , but he hadn 't raised his voice .
te	O	飞机几乎垂直倾斜，并且瑞秋感到她的胃翻了个筋斗。
te	O	给我一天时间让我与大自然对抗，并且每个细胞都活跃起来。
te	O	什么也伤不了他，就像以前一样，但是他仍然需要看清楚自己要去哪里。
te	O	这通常是他会昏倒的时候，但是现在还没有任何迹象。
te	O	她看不到伊恩，但是她所看到的却是几处发光的绿色斑点。
te	O	这家伙很厉害，而且他还在和我们一起玩。
te	O	寂静降临，但是那是令人舒适的安静，没有充满紧张。
te	O	泪水流淌，并且她的身体颤抖着，当她猛地将衣服从身上扯下时。
te	O	他可能有些话要说，而且我可能不会喜欢。
te	O	她向前迈了一步，但是他却紧紧地抱住了她。
te	I	He didn 't talk right away , but finally , Gabe took the floor .
te	I	Brooks was the leader of the pack and the whole Sheriff 's department must be behind this thing .
te	I	He would never have tried anything without her wanting it , and Craig would have killed anyone who had hurt her .
te	O	凯德转身朝第二个储藏机库的后方跑去，但是他还没跑很远，他的心就差点吓得停止了跳动。
te	O	我无法停下，并且我无法告诉他。
te	I	We did plan on doing it in late April , but we hadn 't planned on doing this in March .
te	O	甚至连销售员都对她所说的话感到震惊，但是他很快就匆匆离开了，以免听到更多。
te	O	计算，我已经尽我所能进行了，但是剩下的将不得不由更精通的人来解决。
te	I	I knew it had to be my brother and Pink bloomed around her .
te	O	即使是微风也会很受欢迎，但是今天并非如此。
te	O	有些是外星的，而且有些则不是。
te	I	The world came back into focus and the truck had finally stopped rocking .
te	I	She 's so poised , and she 's so gorgeous .
te	O	关于你的许可，你稍后会被告知，但是我想我可以给你一些细节。
te	O	一针致命的东西，并且我就完蛋了。
te	I	I 'm moving through a cemetery swirled in white and I blink my eyes open .
te	I	He quickly pressed a piece of torn cloth next to it and Blood poured out .
te	O	他梦到了她好几次，并且那些梦都比前一晚的要狂野得多，更像动物。
te	O	我现在知道我内心深处是什么了，并且我不再抗拒它。
te	O	刀疤脸向个子矮的那个招了招手，并且他把艾薇儿拖到我们面前。
te	O	马利克轻笑了，但是梅尔怒气冲冲。
te	I	It wanted me to know and it wanted to be found .
te	O	李离开了，并且艾德里安好奇地回头看了我一眼。
te	O	这只会让他们的关系恶化，并且他不想这样。
te	I	As James caught her she fell into him , and Sarah slipped on some black ice in the parking lot .
te	O	我给瓦妮莎打了两次电话，并且我们重温了那些日子。
te	I	They all continued to eat ... and they all laughed .
te	I	He had one arm resting along the side of the jet boat , as he nonchalantly span the wheel and wraparound shades covered his eyes .
te	I	You can just take Saul or I can put more people on your detail .
te	I	Slowly the suspicions were building , but most of them appeared to take the beating in their stride .
te	I	I am able to breathe more easily , and just the thought of him calms me .
te	I	She was aware of them in a way she had not been of Simon 's , and his hands were cool on hers .
te	O	我自动地滑回他们的思绪中，并且她是正确的。
te	O	索伦没有处理得很好，但是她没有给他选择的余地。
te	O	他轻笑了，并且我气愤地哼了一声。
te	O	他盯着她，眼睛眯了起来，仿佛不相信她，但是她不在乎。
te	O	她原以为浓缩液只会影响他的身体，但是现在她知道它也一定在影响他的心智。
te	I	I stumbled back a few more steps , and the attack caught me by surprise .
te	O	他有黑眼圈，但是它们很清澈。
te	I	All the houses had roofs of red tiles and built with a taste of classical Greece in mind , it had no walls .
te	I	She wanted it and it was hers .
te	I	She sat straight up , and Leah 's eyes snapped open .
te	I	Now Deck was left wondering if there was something wrong with him , and Gabe had found Isabelle .
te	I	I 'm doing a lot better now , and I had fun with you .
te	I	She saw him ... and he saw her .
te	O	她的睫毛垂了下来，并且她的下唇微微颤抖。
te	I	You 'll get used to it , but it 's cold .
te	O	她品味极佳，并且他想象着她穿上几套衣服的样子时，口水都流了下来。
te	O	我猜想我的啜泣声引起了别人的注意，因为我看到门外有动静，并且门又开了。
te	I	He laughed , and I nodded .
te	I	Now we can go back five years in one day , and Dr. Holbrook says they can speed up the process .
te	I	She couldn 't blame it on the brandy , but she felt slightly tipsy .
te	I	I smacked it away , but he moved his hand to pull me off his arm .
te	I	Billy rarely called and she didn 't have any friends .
te	O	尽量避开她，并且她可能就不会再打扰你了。
te	O	搬家从来不容易，但是她现在已经做过很多次了，以至于这正变得有点像例行公事。
te	O	我正感受到前所未有的事物，并且我可能要力不从心了。
te	I	After losing March , I feel like a fight , and well , the enforced rest has done me good .
te	I	I 'm surprised that my train is air-conditioned , and the platform is full of hot sticky air .
te	I	A distant voice warned her of it , and this , of course , was fantasy .
te	O	凯斯看着侦探，并且那人与他对视。
te	O	那是一个真正的村舍，而不是一个富人的奢华隐居地，并且萨姆不会用它去换取全世界。
te	I	Cale playfully shoved him and he set me down .
te	I	The coaches were talking about him and he had two interceptions during drills .
te	O	这很奇怪，但是有一会儿，我以为那也许是最好的事——就是漂流入虚无。
te	O	农场里充满了更多的牲畜，并且人们对草原重新充满了自豪。
te	I	I am concerned , but I 'm joking .
te	I	He backed off and I reached out my hand toward him .
te	O	她不知道为什么，但是她觉得不得不去查看。
te	I	It just veered off , but it was going north on 97 .
te	I	Jennifer told him that the aircraft wouldn 't even notice the weight and the engines weighed a ton each .
te	I	She still moved closer to Ethan as his hands gently clasped her elbows , but Julie didn 't wince .
te	O	瑞安一生中曾谈判过一些重大交易，但是当他初次结婚时，他错过了这其中的大部分。
te	O	他知道那是个可以理解的问题，但是他不知道该说什么。
te	I	He straightened up and a small jolt of electricity ran through him .
te	O	马歇尔没有丝毫停顿，并且威尼斯人酒店的服务也没有。
te	I	Mary seems to be acknowledging him , but Gabriel is in the same pose .
te	O	她已经过了自己的个人截止日期，并且官方新闻截止日期也快到了。
te	I	With a startled grunt , he let go , but Pain radiated down my arm .
te	O	我试图与他抗争，但是这感觉太费力了。
te	O	他的心在胸口紧缩，并且那股剧痛告诉他她可能是对的。
te	O	我猛地从座位上弹起来，意识到我们的手仍然连在一起，但是她纹丝不动。
te	O	他假装瞪了她一眼，并且夏洛特笑了。
te	O	房间里很安静，但是气氛却很活跃。
te	I	I ultimately let them slip out , but I seal my lips shut , not wanting to say the words tickling at the tip of my tongue .
te	O	我说道，努力不笑，但是不笑真的很难。
te	O	我爸爸被困在自己的意识里，也许永远，并且我妈妈死了。
te	I	It should have been first and Protection had been the last thing on her mind .
te	O	人们认为我们都很富有，而且我们知道他们对他人的不幸有多么幸灾乐祸。
te	O	我不知道他要带我去哪里，而且当时我真的不在乎。
te	O	克莱门汀猛地挥出拳头，但是欧文抓住了她的手。
te	I	He always read it in exactly the same order , and he had always been funny about being the first to read it .
te	O	我从不试图将记忆与梦想分开，而且我不喜欢提起它，因为我根本不需要。
te	O	她思考时通常不会如此忧郁，但是最近她似乎只能如此。
te	O	我们的女人不能生育，而且我们的男人不能生育后代。
te	I	It felt good and his space was suddenly his own again , .
te	O	它停顿了，并且她听到机器加速了，好像它在吃力地运转。
te	O	我更快，但是她更强壮。
te	O	我不知道那会有什么好处，但是我感到很惊讶。
te	I	Jane grew that much more uneasy , but she calmed the minute she realized it was Luther .
te	I	I could see that he wasn 't , and his eyes lost focus .
te	I	I had to keep moving , but my back leg buckled beneath me .
te	I	The villagers cowered at the edges , and the Vikings crowded round at the centre of the roundhouse .
te	O	我试图从他那里获取更多信息，但是他不肯上钩。
te	I	Before he can take over my body again , I push End , pretending to hang up , and I bring the phone away from my ear .
te	I	I loved him more than anyone else , but this could 've made me hate him .
te	O	她会一直对我生气，并且王子也会这样做。
te	I	Benson tapped the number for the top floor and the doors closed behind us .
te	O	我把她留在门口，并且她看着我走开。
te	O	更多发光的眼睛朝他这边过来，并且凯恩手忙脚乱地站了起来。
te	I	Two security guards ran in , followed by three paramedics with a gurney and the dressing room door burst open .
te	O	迈尔斯本打算坐在后面，但是我希望他坐在我身边。
te	I	You 'll pick big ones and I 'll pick small ones .
te	I	The silence stretched on and I stared back .
te	O	它们尝起来像铁锈，但是我做完之后感觉更像个人了。
te	I	They 're comfortable , and I wear jeans because I like them .
te	O	奥森察觉到了变化，而且他的目光离开了我，投向了我们周围一片漆黑空旷的沙漠。
te	I	I do my best not to look into his false eyes , and he smiles as I stop beside him .
te	O	他们中有一个似乎已经完全康复了，而且另一个也康复得差不多了。
te	I	I think Taylor reduced the charge to manslaughter , because he was worried the jury would find her not guilty but the alibi was rather shaky .
te	I	He was interested in seeing how she volleyed this one , and the ball was in her court .
te	O	我试图移开视线，但是我做不到。
te	O	在他开口回应之前，一阵寒风从我身边掠过，并且他的妹妹克拉拉出现了。
te	O	我是房子的一部分，而且这意味着我可以使用房子里的一切。
te	O	她矮小的身材本应让她看起来很脆弱，但是他知道艾米琳夫人绝不是一件易碎的瓷器。
te	I	I found the words haunted me still , but I thought I put all that behind me .
te	I	My mouth wasn 't working , but I wanted to answer .
te	O	我抬头，并且她对我笑了。
te	I	Even without them , the pain rang in her voice , but Tears fil ed Del a 's eyes .
te	O	它又来了，但是这次它没有着火。
te	O	他的声音听起来很嘶哑，并且他清了清嗓子。
te	I	Her fear consumed her so that she made something slip , but Mia didn 't want to .
te	O	我不确定我是否真的相信诺亚已经死了，但是我也不确定我是否真的相信他还活着。
te	I	I plunged into despair , and A couple days away .
te	I	I did , but Phillip didn 't understand how tired Gin was of being everyone 's target .
te	I	Tomorrow 's a busy day for me and he won 't make any progress tonight .
te	I	It could be broken and she injured her ankle .
te	O	白人随心所欲，并且其他人保持沉默。
te	O	让我知道他们的秘密对他们所有人来说都是一个巨大的风险，并且她完全有理由认为我会崩溃。
te	O	伦一句话也没说，但是他最终还是转过身来。
te	I	This will be your team , but they can skype when satellites agree to help advise you .
te	O	文森特坐进了副驾驶座，并且我把霰弹枪塞给了他。
te	I	It hadn 't so much as made him lose his balance and I 'd given him the biggest dose of voltage I 'd ever harnessed .
te	I	She managed to prop herself up again , but the movement threw her out of balance .
te	O	她扶他站起来，并且他喘不上气了。
te	I	He didn 't need to , but angelus didn 't respond .
te	I	I felt my own smile break on my face and he laughed .
te	I	Toby thought it best not to enquire , and Mr Monroe didn 't mention a wife .
te	I	The door shuts behind me and I take a step forward .
te	O	还有最后几枪，但是炮火结束了。
te	O	我给她看了我最糟糕的一面，并且她甚至没有退缩。
te	I	They stopped laughing , and I stood abruptly .
te	I	My world becomes black and he drops to his knees .
te	I	The added weight of the small demons threw him off balance , but Cain jumped onto the throne .
te	I	My eyes squeezed shut , and my fingers clenched at the bedsheet .
te	O	我看不见，但是我就是知道他脸红了。
te	O	两个女孩希望渺茫，因为海莉坚持说她已经对我死心了，但是在我做了一些弥补之后，我让所有女孩都同意了。
te	I	When he pulled away from her lips she heard him breathing heavy too and her breathing was fast .
te	O	联邦军队很快发现了这个动向，但是他们零星的火力不足以让弗吉尼亚人撤回到掩体里。
te	I	I nod as though I do , but I have no idea what that is .
te	O	我的嘴唇顺滑地滑过他粗壮的头部，并且我一个长吸就将他深含喉咙，让他感到惊讶。
te	O	一个医生走进房间，并且我立刻认出了他的声音。
te	I	She grins back at me , and I add .
te	I	It was being rapidly eroded , but at his core there remained a warm , confident center .
te	I	You need to feed , and you are so hungry .
te	I	He 's not going to make the same mistake again , but he ran away once he realized Dr. Banerjee was home .
te	I	That had been that , and Jenson had taken her side in the argument .
te	I	The motion had carried without open dissent , and Mr. Lonely had informed the Council of his intent to begin Percival 's training quickly .
te	I	The quirk of his mouth had her thoughts swirling , but she didn 't know what that meant .
te	I	When she did , she sounded all breathy and it took her a few seconds to reply .
te	I	I slowly nodded , and my irritation drained .
te	O	我做了，并且它奏效了。
te	I	I don 't need one , and I don 't have one .
te	O	那些可怜的生物当然会死，最终，但是我很确定性爱是值得的。
te	O	这是一个噩梦，而且我会醒来的。
te	O	此外，我状态不佳，但是我也没躲避阳光。
te	I	We 'd been able to lead Paige to the right spot and I said a silent thank-you that Jonah had shared that tidbit .
te	I	Her steps stall , just out of my reach , but I reach out for her as soon as she gets close .
te	O	调查人员认定萨姆是罪魁祸首，但是他没有做。
te	O	她走到门口准备关门，但是她却发现自己被凛冽的晨风吸引出去了。
te	I	I have no energy for accusations , but I could spit out a thousand retorts to that .
te	I	I wanted nothing more than to feel it against my skin , and his stubble had grown longer .
te	O	其他的条目都有写，但是克里斯蒂安的却没有写任何东西。
te	O	稻草缠结在她的棕色长发里，并且一条棕色胶带阻止了她说出她心中无疑所想的。
te	O	她不愿给他任何赞扬，但是她的确感觉凉爽了些。
te	I	His dreams could wait a little while ... and perhaps his father could change .
te	I	She fisted her hands , but her cheeks tinged pink .
te	I	His blue eyes sparkled with amusement , and his dark hair was in disarray .
te	O	为了你的名声你必须有一个儿子，并且为了你父亲的荣誉你必须娶阿黛尔夫人。
te	I	He didn 't need to , but he didn 't touch her .
te	O	他不想承认他把时间花在发呆上，或者他食欲不振的原因。
te	O	生活有一种残酷的幽默感，并且它有时真的很糟糕。
te	I	It needed to go away real fast and this blast from the past wasn 't welcome .
te	I	Betrayal isn 't one of them , but Holt may have his faults , even in sobriety .
te	O	她可能有别的想法，并且我不会责怪她。
te	O	盖乌斯可能打开了传送门，但是他对凯恩的可怕变形负有责任。
te	I	It was tiring being on high alert , and Jackson seemed as on edge as I was .
te	I	I had enough of a grasp on her , to not let her keep hiding herself from me anymore , but her arms visibly pulled away .
te	O	他的母亲轻声说话，但是他听得很清楚。
te	I	He wanted their business and he had two major pharmaceutical companies to demo to tomorrow .
te	O	急诊室简直是疯人院，并且他们不得不安排警员以阻止媒体进入。
te	I	I decide that it 's the perfect place for me to sit and we sit on a nearby bench underneath a tree with weeping branches .
te	I	He wanted nothing to do with me beyond saving my hide but he was going to help me , yes , .
te	O	微笑离开了哈特的脸，并且他再次变成了那个忧心忡忡的丈夫。
te	O	齐克听说过狼群自己进行实验，但是他从未遇到过。
te	O	那意味着有东西打断了他，并且我愿意打赌我确切知道那东西是什么。
te	I	I feel his breath on the back on my neck , and his arm comes back around me , pulling me even deeper under him .
te	O	我无法解释为什么，但是你的船长对我产生了反感。
te	I	It felt like there was a lead weight in his stomach and his chest felt painfully tight .
te	O	我的手指已准备好扣动，但是那些人却凭空倒地，没有我子弹的帮助。
te	I	She could tell he was starting to get angry and she watched as John turned bright red in the face .
te	O	我再也尝不到她的味道了，并且那也让我很伤心。
te	O	她闻了闻，并且她的愁容又回来了。
te	O	他期望我接受他的生活方式，但是他从未要求我改变我是谁。
te	O	门开了，并且两个女人走了出来，对称地站在两边。
te	O	他本应该松一口气，但是他反而感到奇怪的失望。
te	O	我的手指伸了进去，并且可怜的小家伙感受到了粗鲁的戳弄。
te	I	He repeated what he had told the general , and the second one was from the NSA asking the same thing .
te	I	Right now this man was the cause of it all , and he 'd lost everything .
te	O	埃莉诺试着讲了个笑话，但是哈特没有笑。
te	O	天外面仍然很黑，并且如果他喝得足够醉，足够快，他可能仍然能够睡一会。
te	O	他们没花多长时间收拾好晚餐的残局，并且他们在走廊里遇到了安德鲁的队伍。
te	O	刀子在她身上划过，但是她毫不在乎。
te	O	她爸爸看起来糟透了，但是我仍然认出了他。
te	O	他朝我瞥了一眼，并且我很熟悉那种眼神。
te	I	It was clear he wasn 't included in the promise of safety , and his glare met Eric then .
te	O	亚当竭力掩饰他的本性，但是它们却在最微小的举止中显露出来。
te	I	At least they masked the scent of the garbage outside , and I hadn 't bothered to get rid of them yet .
te	O	我还没有完全准备好去那里，但是我喜欢我们在一起时的感觉。
te	O	莱拉停了下来，并且我把脚从她的高跟鞋里抽出来，把它们还给她。
te	O	它不强烈，但是它很明显。
te	I	Their justice will be swift , and my sentence will be death .
te	I	She loved that baby already , but I knew she was scared .
te	I	No one sees me and I fade right back into the black darkness .
te	O	他们的队伍在一个带波纹铁皮屋顶的水泥建筑外停了下来，并且那个矮个子男人在消失在里面之前大声发号施令。
te	O	他无法预见混乱会以何种形式出现，但是他毫不怀疑地知道，混乱终将到来。
te	O	我尽量少拿，并且你总是忘记添加一些东西。
te	O	本的眼睛肿得很厉害，并且他哭了很久。
te	I	This was mine and every love story has a beginning .
te	I	Zoe tried , anyway , for Sam 's sake , but counseling was Ari 's forte .
te	I	I 've told him that already and I forbid you to contact that man .
te	I	He was happy that Petrov didn 't , but Seth thought he 'd be much better off picking the ground .
te	I	Tom crouched beside the hidden person and the crumpled pile of clothes groaned again .
te	O	吸血鬼群从中分开，并且她畅通无阻地走向王座。
te	I	Sensing Leppard 's fear it spoke reassuringly and its skin glowed with the baby blue .
te	I	He tightened his hand on the knife to try to control the nausea , and his stomach lurched .
te	O	我的嘴惊讶地张开了，并且我向格温投去恳求的一瞥。
te	O	是我该飞的时候了，并且飞机驾驶舱里容不得一丝混乱。
te	I	His eyebrows tilted sharply upward , and she froze .
te	O	感觉很真实，并且这对我来说已经足够了。
te	O	我打听亨利，但是没人知道他在哪里。
te	I	Suddenly he was having the time of his life , and for sixty years he 'd been obeying all the self-regulating rules of wizardry .
te	I	He didn 't tell , and I didn 't ask .
te	O	我脸上感觉到了柔软的翅膀，并且这让我脊背一阵发凉。
te	I	She was impressed by his quick recovery , but his look of chagrin nearly undid her .
te	O	我今天早上用了避孕措施，但是我们都知道屏障避孕法不像输卵管结扎那样绝对可靠。
te	I	For the moment he was too impatient to deal with it , but he made a rough sound of frustration at this additional barrier .
te	I	He put me down hurriedly and I tapped Hunter 's shoulders .
te	I	A tension entered his body but the man nodded his head .
te	I	Then , as neither of us looked away , his expression changed , but at first his face reflected mine .
te	O	迈出第一步后，她就变得公事公办，但是当她的目光扫过我的脸时，她却犹豫了。
te	I	I didn 't want to let Eliot know , but I 'd felt like this so often recently .
te	O	我的心率加快了，并且我再次走向了他。
te	O	她的抽泣声安静下来了，但是她没有抬起头。
te	O	他们说话，并且我听着。
te	I	Then was gone , and Everything blurred into charcoal smears .
te	I	It is from old and you were made yesterday .
te	I	I appreciated it and he didn 't press his offer further .
te	I	I hope she does not suffer long and I try to keep my weeping to myself .
te	O	他们正在计划什么，并且我们什么都没有。
te	O	那股力量让我旋转，并且我的鼻子开始流血。
te	O	我知道我想和你在一起，并且我了解我自己。
te	I	He wasn 't fast enough , but ares tried to move .
te	O	愉快的氛围对我产生了舒缓作用，并且这个时刻似乎很完美，可以最终归还手帕。
te	O	她皱了皱眉，但是她认为这总比直接拒绝要好。
te	O	他的手指从我的皮肤上滑落，并且我把手抽回膝上。
te	I	She could feel the light sheen of perspiration on his skin and his breathing had leveled out .
te	I	She was in a huge tent with partitions in it and he 'd been very secretive about where the actual wedding was taking place .
te	O	我的心从未完全投入，但是我曾试图忽略它。
te	O	他清了清喉咙，并且我瞥了他一眼。
te	O	读者是让世界运转的动力，并且这本书献给你们。
te	O	艾米丽伸开双臂向他走去，但是玛德琳介入了。
te	O	这可能是一次度假，并且虽然照顾我母亲的狗很有趣，我不得不提醒自己我的任务。
te	O	她的吻急促而热烈，就像她快死了，而且我是唯一能救她的人。
te	O	如果我有点理智，我会在他们睡着的时候逃跑，但是你们这些傻瓜不会跟我走。
te	I	Her arms gripped him , her hands moving down his back so she could hold onto his hips and she wanted him deeper .
te	O	我们一直走，直到第一缕橙光划破天际，并且接着走在最前面的僧侣停了下来。
te	O	他只是将它贴在我身上，在他有力的双臂抱着我的同时，并且他吻了我。
te	O	正是你的弱点将摧毁他们所有人，并且你心爱的公主将是第一个倒下的人。
te	O	他将老虎踢了回去，并且它滚了几下才又站起来。
te	O	我在自己的土地上性命不保，并且我只有两名英国人持不同意见。
te	I	Red seemed to be getting slower with each play , and the momentum was turning again , as they seemed to be first to every loose ball .
te	O	他的父亲也从村子里消失了，并且还是个孩子的时候，瑞安就想知道他去了哪里。
te	I	She traveled a lot , and his mother worked with the State Department .
te	O	女孩因恐惧而退缩，并且轮到我退缩了。
te	I	They floated on their backs across the gentle surface of the lake , and she held tightly to his hand .
te	O	疼痛难以忍受，并且卡罗尔开始哭泣。
te	O	他伸手稳住自己，但是什么也抓不住。
te	O	我听了大约十分钟，并且我开始看到了一些东西。
te	I	This produced no result but the Angel coughed quietly .
te	I	He tipped his chin up , and Understanding dawned .
te	O	莉齐伸手到口袋里找那块水晶，但是它已经不见了。
te	I	I am at a standstill , and I must manage her somehow .
te	I	Her pupils wide and beside me , Caroline snapped to attention , pulling her body back into the shadows , her eyes narrowed .
te	I	They fell together and the limb broke .
te	I	I didn 't see where they came from ... and this one Saturday I was walking down there .
te	O	他脱掉了衬衫，并且我不知道该往哪里看。
te	I	The world comes into focus and I blink slowly .
te	I	There are still some that were too deep to remove , but I got most of the cactus spines out of you .
te	I	As quickly as he shook her , he stopped but she grabbed onto his upper arms to steady herself .
te	O	我透过绷带缝隙向外看，但是却没有其他的光。
te	I	He hit me again and I hit the bars .
te	O	以斯帖笑了，但是却感觉格格不入。
te	O	我身上发生了一些事情，并且我记不起来了。
te	O	她让我内心抓狂，但是我却很高兴她没有让我轻松。
te	O	更好的是，我们何不飞到德克萨斯州去见她呢，并且接着你就可以见到鲍勃了。
te	O	我想问他们问题，但是周围人太多了。
te	O	他的胸膛剧烈起伏，但是他的脸色苍白。
te	I	It did , but Jamie had done her best to pretend it didn 't matter .
te	I	A brace , secured across his left knee , kept the leg straight and an adhesive pad covered the cuts to his nose .
te	O	提奥坐在房间角落的一个大垫子上，并且奥古斯特盘腿坐在地板上。
te	O	我的第一个狩猎季节在我再次与威利·厄本合作时已顺利进行，并且我的幻想开始破灭。
te	O	我松开了她，但是她没有从她靠墙的位置挪动。
te	O	我们正在采取一些行动来夺回摩根维尔，但是这是一个需要一些时间的过程。
te	I	I remained hypnotized , but I tried to break eye contact .
te	O	有人要过来，并且他会比小狗暖和得多。
te	I	The gray gloom of winter was still present , just in different form , and Snow had been replaced by chilling rain .
te	I	I forced myself to remain still , but I wanted to squirm under his gaze .
te	O	她开始抚摸他的身体，并且他感觉到她的手径直向下摸向他的阴茎。
te	I	I had last night and I asked , remembering the argument Jack .
te	I	A wave of nausea rose within her and she thought back to the night before .
te	O	她的眼睛睁大了，并且她的呼吸一滞。
te	I	Her stance said it all , and she only stopped when she stood next to Rebecca .
te	O	我只需要稍微放松一下双腿，并且我能坐在他身上了。
te	O	她也不相信他的好人做派，但是商场里的那次擦肩而过纯属意外。
te	O	唯一缺的就是一块怀表，并且那时莫顿就会立誓称他已经穿越回了过去。
te	I	There was nothing that you could do , but I know you tried your best .
te	O	查兹，伙计……这里其他人可能看不到你的潜力，但是我看到了。
te	I	My brother , Richard , was staying at a friend 's and my parents would be away for the weekend .
te	I	I gently cradled her body , and a shuddering sob escaped me .
te	I	Within seconds her water turns pink and she throws them in the water .
te	O	差不多，我想，但是我不想让她知道这件事。
te	O	她问道，当他骑上那匹种马并且他们穿过围栏大门时。
te	O	爱情真是一个深渊，并且我已跌入谷底。
te	O	莱桑德的脸被我的视线挡住了，但是我看到了埃德蒙眼中的挣扎。
te	I	I didn 't want Jakob to be mad , but I wanted to be honest with him .
te	I	It was embroidered with a gold star , and his eye patch matched the Dockers .
te	I	I 'm chasing myself and it 's my hallucination .
te	O	这对竞争对手的发布日期不会有任何影响，但是这几乎可以肯定会让弗兰克损失他所没有的一周时间。
te	O	我笑了，他肯定是在开玩笑，但是他没有再说什么。
te	O	我们附近人不多，但是我一直被教导要谨慎。
te	O	她的笑容显得有些僵硬，但是对海登来说，这已经足够有说服力了。
te	I	Nerves shot through me and his brow creased as he regarded me intently .
te	I	They fit in the new locks that were in the box , and Frank tried the keys he had been given to the house .
te	I	I took a quick glance inside and Callum stopped in front of a room .
te	O	她总是低着头，并且我想看到她的眼睛。
te	I	Percival was loudly voicing his own desire to never ever be given wings again and he still had a vice like grasp on Trinity .
te	O	那些人没有自我介绍，只是告诉他他们正在进行一场漫长的旅程，并且当他们抵达时会得到帮助。
te	O	他平时不沉迷于奢侈品，但是今晚是个例外。
te	O	大火在他能进一步审问她之前就爆发了，但是她错了。
te	O	电梯叮地响了一声，并且门开了。
te	O	安娜说不出确切的颜色，但是今晚，它们呈现出绿色的色调。
te	O	如果我不去，她说她会自己去，并且然后她就不知道会发生什么了。
te	O	吉姆通过电话笑了，并且海伦能听到他放松下来。
te	I	I 'm sure it was a world record for a seven-year-old , but I don 't know how much cotton I picked that day .
te	O	我照做了，并且他站在我上方，手指轻轻地探查我的头部。
te	I	They weren 't alone ... and he had found the fallen .
te	I	During a commercial I realized he was gone , but I did not hear him leave .
te	O	他终于解开了衬衫的最后一颗扣子，并且他在扑向凯莉之前把它脱掉了。
te	I	The boat drifted slowly forward , and the engines ticked over in neutral .
te	O	他的舌头刺入她的私处，并且他能感觉到她的肌肉痉挛。
te	O	我等着看我的头是否会感到任何搏动，但是甚至连一点额外的压力都没有。
te	I	His eyes grew wide and he scanned the list in his hand .
te	O	处决小队中有两人跳了起来，并且他们的步枪枪栓在夜里上膛。
te	I	To make matters worse I was still mad , and I regretted it when the hard wood frame beat out my soft , squishy hand .
te	I	I wasn 't going to leave it up to chance , but I didn 't see any .
te	O	我讨厌“迷恋”这个词，但是它在这里完全适用。
te	O	我走到那里，但是她已经走了。
te	I	She threw up her hands , and we glared at each other .
te	I	Altair realized he had never seen him move so quickly , and he skipped to the side , testing Altair 's guard .
te	O	我们在入口处停了下来，并且文森特把头探了进去。
te	I	I needed to comfort her , and I needed to touch her .
te	I	She knows it 's important , but she dreads it .
te	I	For some reason , I 'm still not moving , but I don 't really want to see them together .
te	O	我们的手垂了下来，并且我们交换了悲伤而惊恐的表情。
te	I	He 'd fallen for her innocent act and Tara Anthony had played him for a fool .
te	O	他们在二战期间在欧洲相遇，并且她的母亲成了一名战时新娘。
te	O	他在门上输入了一个密码，并且门为我滑开了。
te	I	The scent of the rotting leaves that littered the tree beds , and I breathed it in gratefully as I savored in its crispness .
te	O	已经没有咖啡了，但是那并没有困扰我。
te	I	A thin sheen of sweat coated her body and her skin was pale .
te	O	巴黎为此非常尊重她，并且他本应该比现在对她更感兴趣得多。
te	I	I could hear the crackle of the long-distance connection and there was silence on the line .
te	O	瑞奥丹习惯于完全掌控一切，没有强烈情感的危险，并且他新产生的情感打破了他的正常平衡。
te	O	那是其中一个高档场所，被建造得看起来像一栋独立的西南风格房屋，但是实际上它与其他公寓相连。
te	I	I am part of an interstellar patrol force and I ´ m an Arc .
te	O	她的手指擦过我的手臂，并且我停了下来。
te	O	埃利的脸柔和下来，并且他拍了拍我的手臂。
te	O	他把手臂搭在她的肩上，但是他看起来很紧张。
te	O	她不是一朵娇弱的花，但是她也不是笨蛋。
te	I	There were guards stationed around the room , but I was allowed to stand this time .
te	O	他给镇上唯一另一家银行打了电话，但是他们没有任何事故。
te	I	Hannah didn 't clarify , but what the salesgirl had probably meant was that there wasn 't a woman on earth who could say no to him .
te	O	我很痛苦，而且他们将分享我的悲惨。
te	O	他的脸死一般苍白，而且他的眼睛睁得很大。
te	I	To him it would always be just a word , but his mother 's tiny radio taught him the word .
te	I	You know what lies ahead , and you are no longer afraid .
te	I	We followed , and turning , she went into the kitchen .
te	O	当时我以为那是因为他将成为未来的主人，但是我现在知道那不止于此。
te	I	Penny doesn 't seem as fast as she was , but I don 't know what it is .
te	O	我需要说话，而且你需要倾听。
te	I	He 'd moved me fast , but the sensation between my legs was new .
te	I	Before she could say anything , he kissed her , but her body stilled in surprise .
te	I	It gave his voice a steel edge and Impatience radiated from Roth .
te	I	He could practically read the indecision on her face , and he knew he 'd put her on the spot .
te	O	我认识这张脸，但是我后来就忘记了。
te	I	She felt totally apathetic , but Amelia was locked in her cell .
te	O	他的目光随即与我的相遇，而且我认出了他早就一直在注视我的那种模糊感觉。
te	O	拉尔夫只得听凭自己被晒伤，并且我们顺流而下出发了。
te	O	罗丝的语气让维奥莱特觉得有些异样，并且她越过肩膀看了一眼她最小的妹妹。
te	I	Everyone at work should be slightly different , and it seemed like months should have passed .
te	O	他们不吸毒，而且马丁甚至不喝酒。
te	O	这通常是在青春期之后，并且这从未被轻视。
te	O	火把比森林里的那些亮得多，并且她很快就回到了外门。
te	I	The receptionist 's elongated stay in the doorway hadn 't aroused interest out of either yet and they didn 't hear anything being said so far .
te	I	For a second I saw every one of them , and the thousand years of his life sat on him heavily .
te	I	She fell to the ground and her face went impossibly pale .
te	I	Her face flushes , and he says the words as he signs them .
te	O	它看上去一样，但是当他打开它时，他看到这里面只有血。
te	O	这手牌不错，但是它让丹尔的对十处于一个相当不利的位置。
te	I	The men were trying to find a way out and one of the three shuttles carrying his men had slammed into a water tank .
te	I	Attacking anything that moved and bounding out of the broken stone fortress .
te	I	I finally smiled , giving in to his request , and his voice took on a light , teasing note .
te	I	I examine him and he pulls up a chair next to me .
te	I	He had no plans to compromise himself now , and for twenty-five years Hoppy had played it straight .
te	I	In less than thirty seconds , it was done , and the seven soldiers released the prisoners , raised their axes .
te	O	床的两侧各放着一张床头柜，并且一个抽屉柜放在离瑞克躺着的地方最近的那个旁边。
te	O	默瑟几个月来一直试图让她和他约会，但是她既冷淡又身材火辣。
te	O	她勉强挤出一个歪斜的笑容，并且他轻笑了一声。
te	O	她在一间受学生欢迎的小餐馆前下了车，并且查理开车离开了。
te	O	手镯立即开始散发出柔和的金色光芒，并且她感觉自己与加里的潜意识连接在了一起。
te	I	I felt unstable once more and he laughed .
te	O	我看着她空洞的眼睛，并且我希望我是她。
te	I	Hearing her voice them disturbed him in an inexplicable way , but his thoughts exactly .
te	O	德克斯特在谈话进行到一半时走开了，并且杰夫不得不追上他。
te	O	他的手来到我的脑后，并且他诱使我的嘴唇再次贴上他的。
te	O	我不知道她从我的表情中看到了什么，但是她猛地退后一步，远离了我。
te	O	我接下这份工作是为了能帮他分担账单，但是现在我觉得自己离得太远了，帮不上什么忙。
te	I	When they got to the car they shook their heads in disbelief , and they left .
te	O	德克斯特的住处算不上特别大，虽然对一个人来说绰绰有余，但是按照杰夫的标准，那里已经很不错了。
te	O	詹妮弗看着查理，并且他几乎能看到她在思考这件事。
te	O	告诉我走开，并且我就会走。
te	O	她的脸几乎难以察觉地绷紧了，但是我看到了她嘴角周围的紧张。
te	O	他压低了声音，但是他才不会容忍被一条狗呵斥。
te	O	他仔细地注视着树木，并且事情变得更加清晰了。
te	O	噪音停止了，并且厨房变得一片寂静。
te	O	它疯狂地闪烁着，并且她感到非常头晕。
te	O	布莱克威尔夫人推开他进入房间，并且尖叫声又开始了。
te	O	她希望感觉到他的触碰从那些可怖的痕迹上移开，但是它却逗留不去。
te	I	They squared off , and she nodded .
te	O	我靠墙站到一边，并且他们径直走过，没有多看我一眼。
te	I	Somehow they 'd made it work , but this way of life was tough on relationships .
te	O	他从未去过那个大城市，但是他曾经见过它一次。
te	I	Becca leaned back against his shoulder , still seated on the armrest and Zach sat down .
te	O	一丝苦涩的微笑掠过他的唇边，但是它并没有完全抵达他的眼底。
te	O	他们开始走路，并且他犹豫了。
te	I	This time no one interrupted us , and once again I sank into my vision , pulling Henry along with me .
te	O	他的吻和他的手一样粗糙，并且我享受它，我不知道为什么。
te	I	He 'd played it beautifully , making her love him while he picked her pocket , and everything in his life was a game .
te	I	He made some really good points , and Johnny was the more articulate of the two .
te	I	It made her feel better that he was trying to soothe her pride , but she still didn 't believe him .
te	I	It was important , but she knew she 'd probably get in trouble .
te	O	他们一结束，史黛西局长又把他拉到一边，并且他们低声交谈。
te	I	The waitress seats us in a big corner booth , and we walk in .
te	O	乔西在另一端坐了下来，并且阿彻坐在了她旁边的椅子上。
te	O	他的目光从王子转向阿米拉，并且他收回剑臂准备挥舞。
te	I	He laughed loudly and I said bluntly .
te	O	我喜欢瑞秋，并且德尔塔穆的联系会给我们提供一些谈资。
te	O	他的下巴承受了地面的冲击，并且他的身体也跟着倒下。
te	O	他尝到了曼谷风味，并且他很喜欢。
te	I	A shiver raced down her spine , and a looming sense of premonition swamped her .
te	O	也许在那种情况下她对他不公平，但是她一晚上能承受的已经差不多到了极限。
te	I	You 'd be next in line , and since apparently running Morganville is a family business .
te	I	You 've admitted your feelings for me , and I know how I feel about you .
te	I	She ruffled his hair affectionately and the words surprised a laugh from Nicole .
te	O	我爸爸一辈子都在放牛，并且他希望我接受教育。
te	O	他可能是一个令人毛骨悚然的跟踪狂，并且他就会有她的地址了。
te	I	Damned if he wasn 't enjoying looking at her , but no , she wasn 't his type at all .
te	O	两端锁在一起了，但是什么也没发生。
te	O	莉亚试图向凯伦的身体挥拳，但是凯伦用她的一只手臂挡住了拳头。
te	I	She spent most of her time trying to avoid him , and he didn 't talk to her , only accepted silence .
te	I	I rubbed them and I blinked open my tired eyes .
te	O	她询问细节，但是彼得没有耐心。
te	I	She is me and I am her .
te	O	地板大多是白色大理石，并且我能看到大厅另一端有一丝奢华地毯的痕迹。
te	I	It looked so deliciously good , that even my own train of thought was being sidetracked by my hunger , and I looked down at the food .
te	O	水再次冰冷刺骨，并且我对此的最初反应是，我再次将它吸入肺部。
te	I	It would take strength to force her , and he needed to give Solange blood .
te	O	她将手滑入膝盖，与另一只手握成拳头，并且她又深吸了一口气，以使自己镇定下来。
te	I	There was no harm in asking , but yes , I did know how it worked .
te	I	The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and this is a work of fiction .
te	O	有一刻他以为自己又要失明了，但是随后他意识到，现在遮蔽他视线的正是他的愤怒。
te	I	He said nothing , but Haven looked at Marius .
te	I	When his lips brushed over the curve of my jaw , my eyes fluttered shut , and it was maddening .
te	I	His grace was phenomenal , but it was too far away to make out more of his features than thick pale hair .
te	I	He frowned and his cell rang .
te	O	吉姆没有太在意他，或者至少如果他有，她也看不出来。
te	I	We needed some frivolity in our lives but that would be a less educational trip .
te	I	She only found the clothes she expected to find , but Jane searched the drawers of the dresser one at a time .
te	O	我突然间莫名地紧张起来，但是我没有从脸上放下愁容。
te	O	那只会与家里的其他佣人产生嫌隙，而且她最不希望的就是被心怀怨恨的仆人包围。
te	I	I wasn 't shy about accepting it , and he had a gift .
te	O	我通常不这么直接，但是我以为我会采取《毕业生》中“罗宾逊夫人”的方式。
te	I	I didn 't but I probably should have moved to give him space .
te	I	I was not going it turn it down and this was a challenge .
te	I	I steel myself , but the thought of facing Thomas alone in a jail cell sends a wave of panic through me .
te	O	我们已经进入了怪物的游乐场，而且他正有心情玩耍。
te	I	I felt his fingers press inside my aching opening again , caressing my inner walls and one hand left my butt cheek .
te	O	他把他们带进了下沉式客厅，那里一切都是重奶油色，而且没有什么东西是放错了地方的。
te	O	有些实现了，并且有些没有。
te	O	你先是要求我投降，而且现在你想要讲和。
te	O	这些指示不复杂，但是那些并不是她曾特意去做过的事情。
te	O	他喜欢我，没错，但是他不喜欢我。
te	O	艾丽看着我，并且我强颜欢笑。
te	O	热量灼烧着我冰冷的皮肤，但是我拒绝把它放下。
te	I	The report was rather scant on details , but Swanson said they were pursuing many leads .
te	O	妮可将日记本对着我挥舞，但是我只是将其拂到一边。
te	I	Blindly reached to the laptop , ready to close it , regretting even attempting this , and she went cold all over , her skin prickling .
te	O	走到门前，他用尽全力拉，但是没有用。
te	O	戴恩在她耳边低语，并且她只能猜测那意味着什么。
te	I	Julian wouldn 't have brought them here or obviously the man knew what he was doing .
te	O	小狗当然不在乎她穿了什么，并且当她伸手去抓它时，它把毛茸茸的身体扭向她。
te	O	那本该是牺牲中最糟糕的，但是她将不得不带着他每一次杀戮的真相活下去。
te	I	He wasn 't part of the army of clones , and he was Scott .
te	O	他又安静下来了，并且我想知道我是不是说错了什么。
te	I	Her stomach kept gnawing at her , but Everything would be fine .
te	I	The horses trotted off , and the door was shut .
te	I	Every day I take this bus , and I make this journey every day .
te	I	I wanted to throw up and my stomach filled with knots .
te	O	那只羊跑来跑去，不停地急转弯。
te	I	I opened my mouth slightly before we both jumped apart , and I felt the tip of his tongue on my lips .
te	O	一声病态的愤怒笑声从我喉咙里冒出来，并且我摇了摇头。
te	I	His face pale and his eyes shut .
te	O	她只是个小女孩，并且她几乎够不着它。
te	O	霍利向上凝视着，但是他的目光没有在帽子上停留太久。
te	I	You act like you 've never heard of such a thing , and I 'm doing my best to be a friend to you .
te	I	I let the teenager lead the way and we made our way to the staircase .
te	O	我知道他也肯定已经听过这个故事了，但是不知为何，他却想让我告诉他。
te	I	I was worried it looked that way , but I wasn 't crying .
te	O	我试图往教室里挪，但是涌出的学生们的集体力量却不断把我往外推。
te	I	It was nowhere in sight , but she scanned the ceiling as she reloaded , looking for it .
te	O	他不知道未来会发生什么，但是如果他们尝试一下，总能成功。
te	I	I could see why and I was sure he was the one who knocked me out .
te	I	His carvings were works of art , but the guy was a complete nut .
te	O	她在我们的卧室里把它充好气，并且从那以后我们就一直睡在上面。
te	I	It had the opposite effect , but he knew he should be happy to see the young leader show some weakness .
te	O	我没有完全准备好，但是我还是把它拉开了。
te	O	这一切都不是他的错，并且他最终献出了自己的生命来救我。
te	I	I never will and I never have .
te	I	Her fingers fit snugly around the star , and the crystal fit perfectly in her palm .
te	I	At least she accepted her faults , but Karen may have been a prostitute .
te	I	We don 't know our neighbors , but we hear about disasters minutes after they happen .
te	O	爪子太锋利了，以至于只用了几分钟树枝就折断了，浆果也掉到了下面的地上。
te	O	他们的讨论看起来很激烈，并且他的眼睛好几次朝这边瞥。
te	O	我尴尬地鞠了一躬，并且这让他放松了下来。
te	I	It 's the same things week after week and been at this for six months .
te	O	她奋力忍住笑声，但是最终她还是没能忍住。
te	O	情况绝非完美，但是她对生活的看法已经从沮丧转变为一种总体上更积极的态度。
te	I	They had the advantage and they were fresh .
te	O	我们最终来到了市中心，并且我努力抑制住似曾相识的感觉，当他把车开进一个停车场时。
te	I	There was a moment of surprise as if he was seeing it for the first time , and he looked at her hand .
te	I	Damn , he hated the reminder , but there was no denying that .
te	I	Chagrin ran across his own , and then he saw my face .
te	I	I was so , so desperately in love with her , and she was beautiful .
te	I	I couldn 't read what was behind his eyes , but it was a level stare .
te	I	He turned back to the wheel and when she nodded her head , the tears spilled from his warm loving eyes .
te	I	Not before I saw the longing in Nina 's eyes , but we left .
te	I	Me being one giant hot mess for the better part of a month or these tears had nothing to do with hormones .
te	I	I also wanted out of the damn onyx bands , but I didn 't want to answer .
te	I	His right arm wrapped around my waist as he kissed the side of my head and Cale let out a nervous laugh .
te	O	我本应比这更坚强，但是出于某种原因，安东尼已经完全迷惑了我。
te	O	她觉得喉咙发紧，并且突然她再也无法呼吸了。
te	I	I was amazed , and she opened the door .
te	I	Various subroutines handled the exigencies of walking , and his body never tired , of course .
te	O	我的左手蜷缩着，并且我专注于指甲陷入手掌的感觉。
te	I	My heart sprouted wings , but it made me blush .
te	I	As he watched Jackie shimmy into her wetsuit , he realized they weren 't , but Alex thought they were kidding .
te	I	He was lost to all rational thought and her warm tongue slid against his .
te	I	He needed to know what I decided , but I didn 't want to worry him .
te	O	我忘记吃那片排毒药了，而且现在我宿醉得厉害。
te	I	A bar sat at the back , and black leather sofas lined the inside .
te	I	She breathed heavily , and she wore glasses with blue plastic rims .
te	I	Her nails were digging into his shoulders and she was holding very still .
te	I	The demon was there again , in front of them , blocking the street - And they turned to run in the direction they 'd come from .
te	O	她的嘴巴张开，无声地尖叫着，并且她的头发在无形的风中飘动。
te	I	His manner toward them was sickeningly ingratiating , and he was scared of them , terrified of the repercussions of his actions .
te	I	I saw understanding dawn in her expression , but she still didn 't respond .
te	I	A pool of blood was seeping out from underneath him , and he was lying on his back with his eyes closed .
te	O	麦克冲出了房子，并且她听到他进了自己的房子。
te	O	我已经直面了我的心魔，并且我离开了——好吧，是逃离了——我宁愿永远不再回顾的生活。
te	O	我一直对他投怀送抱，并且他甚至不想要我。
te	I	She didn 't want to get close to him , but she was taking the long way to the door .
te	I	She sent it all into the boot , and she thought of heat , of fire .
te	I	I wanted her to eat well and I wanted her in nice hotels .
te	I	Sebastian 's warning loomed large in my mind nonetheless , but something in my gut told me I could trust him .
te	I	I looked back to see another sedan after us , and Martin had the car moving again before she 'd shut the door .
te	I	The lock was holding and the door was still shut .
te	O	克里斯蒂安发出了声音，但是我没有抬头看他。
te	I	The gears started moving again and his frozen brain finally clicked .
te	I	It was not blinding but it carried a light within it .
te	O	我妈妈要离开了，而且她一走，我恐怕你的现实会改变。
te	I	I know my Nicky , but for a moment , I thought he was going to strike me .
te	O	昨晚，它在林特路右转了，并且凯利认为那是司机夜间通勤的方向。
te	O	你靠近你姐姐，并且你就会没命。
te	I	I couldn 't see that he was lugging books around in his bags , but some people are very lax about that sort of thing .
te	O	她想要我，而且除了没戴霓虹灯牌以外，她做了她能做的一切让我知道。
te	I	They took the bound men back to Medellin , and one of the helicopters landed , this time with an American CIA agent in it .
te	O	他的呼吸很吃力，并且他大汗淋漓。
te	I	His voice was stern , but his actions were gentle .
te	O	我不知道他睡在哪里，并且我即使知道也不会告诉你。
te	O	他的手指抓紧了他狼牙棒的木制手柄，并且他像一只野兽般冲向前。
te	O	看起来他们站在我这边，但是我知道并非如此。
te	I	Tornadoes were very real threats , but they were too far inland to ever worry about hurricanes .
te	O	我认识他，然而我又不认识他。
te	I	Still he remained a distraction , and he was gone !
te	O	我受宠若惊，但是当我看向她迷蒙的双眼时，我知道现在绝不是时候。
te	I	Then discipline took over , but for a moment she wanted him to know who was going to kill him .
te	O	他知道眼泪最终会落下，但是现在，他们谁也不知道她可能在哪里。
te	I	Len 's not , but Chase has been downplaying it .
te	O	这是一个忙碌的一天，并且他已经将近二十个小时没有睡觉了。
te	I	After hanging up the phone I found myself eyeing the family photographs that line the shelves of my office , and we said our good-byes .
te	O	三条腿都断了，并且许多钻石都松动了。
te	O	Reid 又发了一条，询问她的行程，但是她会尽可能地推迟回复。
te	O	Spider 挖得比他计划的更深，但是他必须知道。
te	O	我明白我身处一个几何监狱，但是我不知道如何才能逃离它。
te	O	她开始认出她所在的区域，但是她怎么可能知道自己身在何处呢。
te	O	她拉扯着束缚，但是上方逼近的身影却增多了。
te	O	Jude 的眼睛四下扫视，并且他把声音压低到耳语。
te	O	这可能不是全部真相，但是这是他所知道的真相。
te	I	She realized everything was measured in sound , but Rachel had no idea how long it took them .
te	O	他看起来很生气，这让他看起来更性感，也让我大脑里所有连贯的想法都消失了。
te	I	All heads , including the buddies , turned to face him , and an awkward , low rumbling grumble came from my larger namesake .
te	I	There was no way out and I was stuck with being haunted .
te	O	我们来自不同的世界，并且我从一开始就知道这一点。
te	O	朱莉已经到了无法感觉正常的程度，但是她会知道他们对金做了什么。
te	I	I can 't even draw breath to tell him that I don 't understand , but he 's yelling at me in his foreign tongue .
te	I	I can wait but you don 't trust me .
te	I	Wil 's alone , and it was something of Wil 's .
te	O	也许卢普家族的存在让真正的狼群远离，或者也许狼群在夏天会变得稀少。
te	O	我的本科生认为我歧视加拿大，并且我的研究生认为我应该花更多时间在办公室指导他们的研究。
te	O	在路上，莉亚看起来很平静，但是她脸上带着严肃的表情。
te	I	That wasn 't the point , but of course , Marks were physically incapable of bearing children .
te	O	我对他温柔地笑了笑，并且他把我抱在怀里，抚摸我的头发。
te	O	在一个有趣的牌阵之后，最后一张牌是“愚者”，并且她承认问题是她是否应该离开堪察加。
te	O	他离开了树，看到了她在盯着他，并且他挥了挥手。
te	O	也许奥利弗让我经历了太多，并且我现在没有勇气做这份工作。
te	I	I slowly took a step forward and my eyes glanced towards the door .
te	I	I grabbed her arm , and Kenzie yelped , leaping up .
te	I	Neither of us was secure in that belief , but Legend said we were only vulnerable to another Apollyon .
te	I	It took her some serious rushing to catch up to him and he was heading quickly down toward the center of the Quarter .
te	I	The only available seat at the table is to my right and Javi takes the seat to my left .
te	I	He laced their fingers together and he draped an arm around the back of the seat .
te	I	My shirt is being removed , and I feel warm , sweaty hands sliding up my sides .
te	O	她迈出了一步，并且那也还好。
te	O	劳伦盯着自己的盘子和她怀疑是蜗牛的东西。
te	O	奶奶喝完了她的茶，并且杯子消失了。
te	O	我们没有真正介入，但是我们胡搞过几次。
te	O	倒不是说我非要所有东西都一模一样，但是我喜欢我们属于彼此的感觉。
te	O	他锐利的目光和一丝微笑足以吸引女性靠近。
te	I	Her car was gone , and there was no answer .
te	I	He wanted to make forward progress and his growling stomach was too loud to allow him to concentrate .
te	O	我的背已经因为几分钟前受到的猛击而疼痛难忍了，并且那场比赛的酸痛还没有完全袭来。
te	O	里弗顿的公交车驶入了，并且学生们开始涌出。
te	O	他的蓝眼睛黯淡下来，仿佛他完全知道我的感受，但是他只是把我带回到铺开的毯子上。
te	O	他向警卫做了个手势，并且另一个拿走了她的包。
te	I	He flashed her a smile , and Justin was there , reading .
te	O	贝丝非常兴奋，但是她永远保守不住秘密，无论她承诺了多少。
te	I	Mrs Collins got out her knitting , and a couple of the girls started a card game .
te	O	她非常以业务为导向，这一点我很尊重，但是有时她那过于挑剔的方式让我感到头疼。
te	O	我瞪了他一眼，但是他直视前方。
te	I	Yet it was in slow motion , and it was all happening so fast .
te	O	我在一个玻璃圆筒中长大，并且当我离开时，我被困在一个空间站里，在一个虚构的世界里拥有虚构的记忆。
te	I	Clothes always do that for me and I need to talk about something happy .
te	I	I shivered with delight , and his fingertips seemed to send electricity down my spine .
te	I	He likes me and the words Thank you !
te	O	我告诉她我正在打911，并且她对我尖叫着不要打。
te	O	我不明白，但是我还是照做了。
te	I	Unfortunately for Frances this triumph was short-lived , but a victorious smile settled upon Frances 's lips .
te	I	I hope you will by the end of this letter , but I don 't know if you understand how important that is .
te	O	我很容易就能找到喝的东西，但是我不想离开我的岗位。
te	O	史蒂夫的手指伸向她，并且她本能地向他敞开了自己。
te	I	The pain made tears well up , and I tried to lift my hand to rub them .
te	O	这次我没有上当，但是我妈妈也在劝我的话，我可能就上当了。
te	O	他甩动缰绳，并且马以缓慢的步态离开了。
te	I	She didn 't know what to say , and his words melted Daisy 's heart .
te	I	He moved her away and his hands caught her arms in a punishing grip .
te	I	They hurried in to see Trey , and a nurse nodded in their direction .
te	O	我以为知道他的真相会改变我的感受，但是它并没有。
te	O	它的颜色立刻变成了海蓝色，并且它舔了舔嘴唇。
te	O	他现在是真诚的，但是这一切都会改变的。
te	O	我说它是为了安抚她，但是这个想法很有趣。
te	I	My dad was going to fill him in , but I hadn 't had a chance to talk to James in person .
te	I	It brought fear like she had never known into her life and it was painful .
te	I	He could hardly hear her , yet Nate was only an arm 's distance away .
te	I	His pupils are vast and his eyes snap open .
te	O	我身体的每个部位都感到酸痛，并且我几乎无法再移动我的手臂了。
te	O	他的皮肤比大卫记忆中的还要黝黑，并且那不是唯一改变的事情。
te	O	她的早晨例行公事被打乱了，并且她的思想决定以抗议的方式完全醒来。
te	O	我不知道你是怎么做到的，但是你确实把它们变得更好了。
te	O	维克拉姆认为这是一个面子问题，但是伊森知道不止如此。
te	I	They did not join in the accolades , but the younger Youth League members crawled out from under the platform now .
te	O	理智上她知道狗不可能有那样的想法，但是谁也说不准。
te	O	妮莎可以制造一个露娜，但是她自己不是露娜。
te	I	There she was , and he rounded a corner quickly .
te	O	她的门徒正在进步，但是即使如此她也担心不够快。
te	O	他转身看着妻子，并且伊丽莎点头表示同意。
te	O	她试图调整姿势，但是没有成功。
te	I	I was at the restaurant for a business meeting and I 'd met Marlene once by accident I ran into them when they were at dinner .
te	O	这次卡莉确实坐了起来，并且她的眼里充满了怒火。
te	I	I don 't want to and I can 't make excuses .
te	O	她没有立刻回应，并且我感到一阵恐慌。
te	I	He wanted to make her come , but he didn 't know what in the hell she 'd done to him .
te	O	她知道他会寻找她恐惧的迹象，并且她不想在他面前显得软弱。
te	I	There was some activity inside with men talking and the lower half was closed .
te	I	Her mouth was dry and her heart beat quicker .
te	O	我会照顾你，并且我会探索你需要什么。
te	I	Her voice forgot how to speak and her lips forgot how to move .
te	I	Darkness fell upon Samara and the door was slammed shut .
te	I	I discovered she hadn 't taken off everything and as I moved upward to her neck , my fingers touched a fine metal chain .
te	I	The evidence was taken away and the recovery vehicle had arrived .
te	I	I didn 't know what else to say and her words cut my heart .
te	O	我听到有什么东西沿着我们气球的帆布外皮刮擦，并且我知道我们肯定撞上了某个大型漂浮物的底部。
te	O	他的牛群中有六匹花斑马，并且我见过的所有花斑马都快如闪电。
te	O	由于它们的商业价值不断增加，这些奖章后来被存放在银行金库中，并且只有复制品在大英退伍军人俱乐部展出。
te	O	当我看到布林因专注而扭曲的脸时，我能感觉到这一点，但是我已经无法发声了。
te	O	亨利跌坐在椅子上，并且她立刻来到他身边，像母亲一样抚摸着他的背。
te	I	He did not seem to notice the crystal sphere , but Jason held his breath as a man checked Rachel 's cloak .
te	I	They acted like I was a bad liar in the face of a serious accusation , but this seemed like a story everybody should have known .
te	I	That was the past , and I don 't want people to say , ' Well , segregation is over .
te	O	我看着这份清单，并且我看到你在寻找什么。
te	I	She was smiling but her eyes were moist with tears .
te	I	The mosquitoes were incessant and it was getting darker .
te	O	他正朝他爸爸走去，但是他追不上。
te	I	Her attempts at dating had been pathetic , to say the least , and her desire to be with other men had been zip since Shane .
te	I	I grip my sword harder and I 'm pulled out of my reverie so abruptly that my muscles tense .
te	I	Most people get pretty creeped out in there but some think it 's a religious ceremonial drawing .
te	O	我让他变得强大，并且我本不该为此惩罚他。
te	I	He was speculating a bit after he told me what they were planning , and my friend from Commerce is a fairly shrewd fellow .
te	O	一个合格的刺客应该在任何场合都自如，并且能演奏至少一种乐器。
te	I	If that were the case it was more worrying , and on the other hand it could be a hunt .
te	O	我不愿让他离开，但是我们急需这笔钱。
te	O	桌子已经摆好，但是大部分都空着。
te	I	There is no point spilling our blood as well , but she 's going to save Patrick , if they make it , great .
te	O	天还早，但是我筋疲力尽。
te	O	她现在可能失业了，但是我仍然有工作。
te	I	My heart stops in place and I hear no showers running .
te	O	我想帮助他，并且那意味着不求回报。
te	O	他的眼中带着一丝绝望，并且他用新生的力量抓住我的手臂。
te	O	依照束缚条款，恶魔可能无法攻击库珀，但是它可以将他笼罩在黑暗中。
te	O	他看起来没有脑震荡，并且他的眼睛没事。
te	I	It had the same swirling blue background with an alert of a message flashing back at me , and I picked it up .
te	O	她只是对我笑了笑，但是那是一个悲伤的笑容。
te	O	那个笑容带着真诚的温暖，并且我回以笑容。
te	I	The male part of him responded and Tessa was a fetching woman .
te	I	She slowly started advancing on the librarian , but more tears slid down her face .
te	O	队伍缓慢向前移动，并且在我意识到之前，我们已经把身份证递给了那位魁梧的保镖。
te	I	I still hated him , but he was the source of my livelihood at the moment .
te	I	I knew he was very confused , and I knew he had not meant to hurt me .
te	I	The words rush on , and he grips the sides of his bag .
te	O	摄像头画面晃动不清，但是他很容易辨认。
te	O	他垂着眼睛，并且她想知道他提前计划了多远。
te	I	He was gasping down breaths , his eyes wide , but she opened her mouth , ready to explain everything .
te	I	The third one did , but the first 2 codes did not .
te	O	爱德华多看着卡勒姆寻求确认，并且沉默了片刻，我以为他会不同意。
te	O	金属很冷，并且它让我感到一阵刺痛。
te	I	In an instant he stabbed Agent Stokes in the chest , and something gray flashed from the folds of Nazar 's coat .
te	I	A curtain twitched in an upper room , but Fat Charlie wondered if perhaps the place was deserted .
te	O	我摇了摇头，试图把那些话甩出来，但是它们纹丝不动。
te	I	The music bit off with a twang , and the lid of the trunk slammed shut .
te	I	She 'd probably never be completely immune to him and maybe it was because they were alone for the first time in twelve years .
te	O	我试图把手臂伸到我们之间推开他，但是他的表情变得有些悲伤。
te	O	雨水使得她必须凑近才能看清那些黑色的字母，但是当她读完那些字时，克莱尔的脸上绽放出笑容。
te	I	Her vision became blurry and as she opened to a blank page , she could feel the tears swelling up in her eyes .
te	I	It did seem to help me but this clearly broke basic rule three .
te	O	我们当晚是安全的，但是休息不在我的考虑范围之内。
te	O	那本身就是一项壮举，但是那也是一个精彩绝伦的去年。
te	I	I handed Alice out myself , and the footman assisted me down .
te	I	The old man shook his head , but the fearless kid wheeled on him , his face alight .
te	O	他仍然是一个理智思考的人，但是他的外貌只是改变了。
te	I	I was glad it wasn 't me , but I don 't know who Bill had caught a ride with .
te	I	We all turned our heads in the direction of his voice and he laughed once more .
te	I	My hopes for repairing my world , and along with Elliott 's diamond ring .
te	O	杰克逊的紧张显而易见，并且我认为把现在和过去混为一谈不是个好主意。
te	I	He was not , and something that should not have been possible considering that she was very much alive .
te	O	很多人拥有杀手本能，但是大多数时候他们内心的黑暗从未孵化。
te	I	You still keep yourself from me , yet you know I will help you .
te	I	I could only wonder what he was up to , and the major seemed more haggard with every passing day .
te	I	She 's old and it 's dark .
te	O	那只黑豹重新站了起来，但是为时已晚。
te	O	她没有完全理解他说的话，但是这以一种意想不到的方式触动了她。
te	I	In anything about my husband I must not be interfered with , but I will do everything I can do to make you happy .
te	O	我曾对女王自私过一次，但是我已吸取了教训。
te	O	警笛声越来越近，并且一辆车缓缓驶上车道。
te	O	我知道你多么想离开那所房子，但是你不会离开，直到你确定他已熟睡。
te	I	The electricity met in midair , and they fired more magic simultaneously .
te	O	我挣扎着跪下，并且他知道我想要什么。
te	I	She keeps talking , but I look away .
te	I	Calm was never used , but Excited was a rarity .
te	O	他没有忘记她的反抗，她的任性，但是他不再觉得它像以前那样令人愉快。
te	I	Helplessness was not an emotion he was frequently confronted with , and he 'd never felt so goddamn helpless in his life .
te	O	尘土终于在河边停了下来，并且我们悄悄地穿过大桥。
te	O	大西洋下的隐藏设施仍在维护，并且新飞地的一个重要部分也位于地下。
te	I	It wasn 't your fault , damn it , and it was over too fast , too soon .
te	O	我没看到凯蒂，并且我没感觉到她。
te	I	Judith waited , hoping for something more , and the troubled eyes closed , screwed tight .
te	O	他会击倒他们所有人，并且他们就会知道他的使命。
te	O	埃里克的父母基本上是好人，尽管他的父亲可能有点严厉，并且她真心喜欢他们俩。
te	O	我启动了小货车，并且我们回到了高速公路上。
te	I	She looks surprised , too and my grandma is standing next to him .
te	O	我认为已经无处可去了，而且即使我们中最勇敢的人也绝不会出现在荒地。
te	I	His dark jacket had sand all over it and his faded jeans hung low on his hips .
te	O	这令人不安，并且他不知道该怎么办。
te	O	她本可以花时间思考，但是她的思想是麻木的——舒服地麻木着。
te	I	I wipe away the snot that flows from my nose , and hot tears stream down my face .
te	I	His mental machinations were achieved using computer logic , and his one flaw was that his thinking had been conditioned by his job .
te	O	他的目光很强烈，并且他散发出一种疯狂的气场。
te	I	His arms felt empty and his shoulders felt heavy .
te	I	The look in her eyes gave proof to his statement , but she shook her head .
te	I	She lowered her face so Royce wouldn 't see and tears pricked her eyes .
te	O	Chip 's 的收银台附近没有购物篮，并且这当然是个不好的预兆。
te	I	It 's crazy but I have no idea what he 's doing .
te	I	I 'm sure this is another angel thing , and New skin has already knitted neatly over the gashes .
te	I	Amy , who was type O , donated blood , which was given to him while they waited , and the night nurse called for the doctor .
te	O	她有一个需要维护的形象，并且她无论如何都感觉不安全。
te	O	她递给他几块点心，并且他大声地狼吞虎咽地吃了起来。
te	O	生活永远不会知道布里克那句蹩脚的搭讪语是否会让那位可爱的助手沦陷，但是大多数人都能做出一个相当准确的猜测。
te	I	I could change our future , but I couldn 't change our past .
te	O	他碰了碰我的手肘，并且我确实感到了一丝慰藉。
te	I	I followed and Wanda rushed off .
te	I	The bastard was smiling ... and otherwise he was unharmed .
te	I	He gave himself up to the sheer pleasure of her body and Joy surged through him .
te	I	I 'm not really sure either way , but I shake my head .
te	I	The IOF had left out any topics about human sexuality but Will had taken a little biology .
te	O	他有点想把它们放到洞穴里，但是他下不了决心去做。
te	O	这对她来说很奇怪，但是她没有质疑。
te	O	现在艾萨克知道他白天曾试图闯入，并且他会更加严密地看守她的房子。
te	O	她的眼睛感觉很沉重，并且她任由它们闭上。
te	O	他搞砸了，而且现在他必须弥补。
te	I	Everyone had accepted that and he 'd thought it an accident , that he 'd fallen into the path of the already loosed arrow , .
te	I	In that moment she could have sworn there was more than just lust behind his request , but his voice was raw with desire .
te	O	我知道我脸红得厉害，并且我一句话也想不出来。
te	I	You possessed me , and I possessed you .
te	I	The Breakers swarmed her , and she went down screaming .
te	I	They 're rare , but I try to cling to memories of the man he was beneath all that .
te	O	你确实知道她是成年人，而且我们结婚了。
te	I	It never came , but Sexton waited for the laugh .
te	I	Firmly , gently , led her up the stairs and he took her hand .
te	I	Her father arrived five hours later , and the girl told him the address of the hotel where she stayed .
te	O	凯文厌倦了例行公事，并且他没有通过助长他父亲的瘾来帮助他父亲。
te	I	Now he was here , married to my mom , and my whole life I had wondered about my father .
te	O	维多利亚僵住了，并且莉兹抬头看了她一眼。
te	O	女巫曾给予他难以想象的欢愉，而且这就是他感谢她的方式吗？
te	O	你一直在考验别人，考啊，考啊，考啊，但是你真的希望他们足够聪明能打败你。
te	I	Getting away from the storm is pretty important , and I could go another couple of days before I ran out of oxygen .
te	O	请求不同的人仍然会给我一个哨兵，但是一个不会知道我认出他真面目的哨兵。
te	I	I can be great parents , too and I think Adriane .
te	I	It could be a folly or it could be a future .
te	I	Then repeated on a loop and the recording stopped , clicking .
te	I	They were bound tightly with rope , but he would 've wiped them away if his hands had been free .
te	I	That was not the case with the Janelle impostor , but the big black man had to stand nose to nose to establish a connection with Mac .
te	I	It was frenetic but she loved it .
te	O	不知为何，它尝起来又恶心又脏，但是我坚持了下来。
te	O	天色尚早，并且她决定去行政办公室做些询问。
te	O	她对看我的字迹显得漫不经心，但是我看到她苍白的皮肤泛起了红晕。
te	I	I didn 't ; but before I said it I thought I would probably immediately regret it after I did .
te	I	His tobacco tinged laugh filled her eyes , and Matt 's grip tightened .
te	I	His face changed , and he looked up .
te	O	我用力眨眼，努力看清她，频闪灯让她很难看清，但是它们随后就停了。
te	I	Brennan took the opportunity to connect his fist with Reid 's jaw , and Reid was thrown off balance with the force of his own throw .
te	I	We are very different but I love my sister .
te	I	Certain things in life weren 't in her control , but of course , that 's what Anna wanted to .
te	O	这不是他打算的那一击，但是空间很狭窄。
te	I	Then she was being spun around , and an arm curled around her waist .
te	O	消息收到了，并且凯伦停止了她的攻击。
te	I	Paulie was perpetually single because he couldn 't keep his opinions to himself , and he viewed women as good for only one thing .
te	O	他考虑过逃跑，但是那个战士又吼叫起来。
te	O	我低头看，平复了一下心情，并且然后开始告诉她我与他们在一起的每一个时刻。
te	I	She 's already on her way home , and she helped me find you .
te	I	Hugs her and Adel reaches out .
te	I	It felt better to laugh than bawl her head off , but she doubted she would ever be that ridiculous .
te	O	杰克仍然很生气，但是他控制住了自己。
te	I	He turned away from her , jamming his feet into boots , but she reached for him .
te	I	We were now living together in Jackson 's apartment and I had given up my apartment a while ago .
te	I	She 'd been sick twice already and her nearly white hair was matted around her face .
te	I	The horse was too fast , but following the horse was a mob of kids in pursuit .
te	O	我们都拥有它，即增强的嗅觉，但是内森的能力非同寻常。
te	O	你将不得不联系主教，或者我来。
te	O	它很美，并且我一点也不怕你。
te	I	His gut told him they were as honest as they appeared , but so far there were three who could use another look .
te	I	They stood together quietly and Hugh stepped alongside him .
te	I	Things would be put right again and perhaps his generals were finally coming .
te	I	The decorative urn that graced it lay shattered on the floor , and a side table had been overturned .
te	O	也许酒吧都满了，或者也许他们也需要冷静一下。
te	I	The screen was cool , like a wall made of a flexible glass , but I did so .
te	O	当然，她可能绊倒了，但是如果他没有那么用力地推她，她就不会失去平衡。
te	O	幸好火没有蔓延开，或者就什么都不会剩下。
te	O	他脸上带着一丝浅笑，但是这远不足以带来世界和平。
te	I	Everyone will know that I 've been lying or I need to get out of here fast .
te	I	It was too late , but I immediately covered my mouth .
te	O	安吉拉点了点头，并且威尔咕哝着表示同意。
te	O	马丁是个独来独往的人，但是他似乎很擅长与那些最不可爱的人相处。
te	O	达西往后退，但是他没有松开她的手。
te	I	They both smile at me and Gavin holds his arm out .
te	I	Helena 's face flushed red and lucius sat on the grass at her feet .
te	I	He touched her face and he smelled her hair .
te	O	我在酒吧找到了她，并且我走向了她。
te	O	我试图将其咽下去，但是她眼中的痛苦是如此熟悉。
te	I	He acknowledged them with a nod and they acknowledged him because of her .
te	I	There was no mistaking the fear in his eyes , but I wasn 't sure why Kiernan thought I was in danger .
te	I	Tingles spread outward , flushing her skin , and he swirled his hips , grinding into the source of her pleasure .
te	I	He needed to check Rollie out , and they were going to need to stop for gas soon .
te	O	如果那些家伙不在路上，她就能到达那里，但是那时她就会被包围。
te	I	My muscles burned , but I moved them out a little more .
te	O	她眨了眨眼，并且我笑了。
te	O	他的声音很生硬，并且他抓住了我的手臂。
te	O	我们搬了进去，并且每个人都被屠杀了。
te	O	地板似乎在升高，并且她瘫软地跪了下来。
te	I	He didn 't think they were going to get anything useful out of him , and he was sick of speaking to the low-life thug .
te	I	I can tell she isn 't but she 's trying to act calm .
te	O	她试图咽下喉咙里的东西，但是它不经过一番挣扎是咽不下去的。
te	O	他亲吻了她的腿肚，并且她抓紧了床单。
te	O	宝莱特是一个女人，并且她试图对安珀采取强硬手段。
te	O	我很开心，并且我不在乎他是否知道。
te	I	Tom couldn 't help hoping that the bastard had left town and there hadn 't been any killings in the last few days .
te	O	她张开嘴，正想告诉他那件事，但是他已经开始解释伴侣的本质了。
te	I	Whenever he was nervous his throat clogged with chocolate , and he was nervous .
te	O	我的房间总是那么安静，并且我讨厌这样。
te	O	我现在基本就在她正下方，并且因为我用背包背所有东西，所以我的手是空的。
te	I	He turned to see a man , clad head to toe in black , stand up and a small flurry of movement caught his eye .
te	O	那里的水仍然没过她的腰，并且她不得不两只手各扶一块石头把自己拉出来。
te	I	She remembered how this man felt , but she didn 't remember his face .
te	I	It seemed too horrible to contemplate , but the answer glimmered at the corner of her mind .
te	O	她不是，但是我对她的记忆是。
te	I	He felt that blast of nauseating , paralyzing cold stagger him ... and he was growing weary .
te	O	他们会听你的，并且我就在你身后。
te	O	比蒂号鸣笛了，并且我们停止了接吻。
te	I	This time shook his head but Harry gave me another look .
te	I	She latches onto me , crossing her ankles behind my back and spreading my fingers around her legs , I pick her up .
te	O	他开始说话，但是她摇了摇头。
te	I	She 'd be screaming for the door and he 'd eat her up in one bite .
te	O	她有我见过最黑的眼睛，而且每次我看着它们的时候，我都觉得自己像纸一样透明。
te	O	一分钟后我的伤口自行愈合了，并且我退后一步观看。
te	O	房子一如既往地看起来很华丽，并且听到不同的说法让简很不高兴。
te	O	埃勒里是你梦想中的女人，并且你终于要娶她为妻了。
te	O	我在和这个婊子鬼混，并且她告诉我她怀孕了。
te	I	She became dizzy and her vision blurred .
te	I	Even she could not outmaneuver a group of vampires forever , and Max could not move through the trees like she could .
te	O	的确，我为特雷感到抱歉，但是真正让我感兴趣的是纹身背后的来源。
te	I	It swung to and Mouse shoved at the door with a little snort of familiar effort .
te	O	他扬起了眉毛，并且他向前倾了倾身。
te	I	Brendan was nowhere to be seen , but they searched for half an hour .
te	I	I 'm lost in the swirling torment that 's in the shadows of them , and my eyes find his .
te	I	They never will , and they have never had a path .
te	I	I was completely disconcerted , and he gave Sara his hand to shake , a polite practice between people meeting for the first time .
te	O	沙恩给我提供了一些早餐，但是我拒绝了。
te	I	Even I had boundaries at work , but I wasn 't afraid to tart it up .
te	O	他们走进了病房，并且她急切地转向了他。
te	I	Everything turned so white , and it 's funny how the trees have become thin .
te	O	我想要把他甩下来，但是他哪儿也去不了。
te	I	She 'd pulled her silver hair back into a messy ponytail , and her usually immaculate uniform hung in wrinkles from her thin frame .
te	I	We don 't reveal the firm 's name even to guards , but we 've had a security firm on retainer for years as a backup .
te	I	He couldn 't figure out exactly what it meant , but a tiny bell had started ringing in his head .
te	O	他步履蹒跚，像一个断了线的木偶，并且这让她心碎，如此清晰地看到这一切。
te	O	我不想承认，但是这看起来是我们剩下的唯一选择。
te	I	She no longer wanted to be in this room , and Evie realised any appetite she 'd had was gone .
te	O	我不知道为什么，但是我有点失望，这让我很震惊。
te	O	她的声音依然坚定，但是他感觉到她手臂细微的颤抖。
te	I	He jerked his head toward a chair , and his fat fingers flicked across the screen .
te	O	我知道的不多，但是我清楚我不知道什么。
te	O	我意识到她的手还在我手里，并且我把手收回到方向盘上。
te	I	She thought cutting it would keep her from being recognized , and she had always worn it long .
te	I	I could feel sweat trickling down my cheeks like hot oil and my own hand was throbbing .
te	O	他的五官紧绷起来，并且他的眉头紧锁。
te	I	Jane couldn 't , but she wanted to deny it .
te	I	I put Maggie in her lap , and Reagan climbs into the backseat of her Camry .
te	I	I didn 't know what to say and my heart stopped for a split second .
te	O	没有人忽视他们，但是却明显缺乏公开的兴趣。
te	I	We 're already getting kind of a late start , and we have to head right to the church this morning , just like we promised .
te	I	Then Courtney could join us for sure , and we could make it after school , instead .
te	I	The door was closed , but it had come flying out of the lab .
te	I	Somehow , I escaped narrowly , but they tried to rag me .
te	I	The gardens are beautiful , and I have several acres .
te	O	她睁大了眼睛，并且她的手捂着脸颊。
te	O	我快速地看了一眼其他的兄弟们，并且他们都带着同样疑惑的表情。
te	O	他听到了双胞胎的哭声，但是他找不到他们。
te	I	She couldn 't live without it , but she hated the publicity .
te	O	我的头只及他的肩膀，并且我再次被提醒他有多高，我有多渺小。
te	O	没有人对我说过什么，但是这是我的选择。
te	I	I cannot think of a better way to go , but my next lovemaking session would kill me .
te	O	阿基瓦问，并且卡鲁有一秒钟认为他是认真的。
te	O	耳朵可能在任何其他地方，并且我宁愿不去猜测。
te	I	Her anguish weighed heavily on the women , and Raven 's face was streaked with tears .
te	O	夏洛特的裙子下有一个婴儿在长大，并且麦考伊正试图离开。
te	O	以赛亚看起来仍然很生气，但是他没有回应。
te	I	The doctor checked the baby 's heartbeat once more , and Lexie grimaced with the effort .
te	O	他消失了并且你又回来了，这真有趣。
te	I	His work was still in its early stages , but his research had the potential to protect many species against the ravages to come .
te	O	我绞尽脑汁想更多，但是它却想不出来。
te	I	Immediately set to work fixing him tea and * Shera stepped into Cid 's house .
te	O	这一击的力量把文猛地推回到墙上，并且她的脸颊剧痛。
te	O	当然，那个熊的故事是关于床的，但是这个概念是一样的。
te	O	我们没有经过任何住宅区附近，并且我确信那是故意的。
te	I	Where else could she go , but it was a risky move ?
te	I	It was still beautiful , but the city sky wasn 't filled with stars the way it was back home .
te	O	天色渐晚，并且太阳正消失在山后。
te	O	它们是非常好的靴子，但是她并没有特别想亲吻它们。
te	I	Their words more than urged her , but neither of the demons laid a finger on her .
te	I	Briar turned away in shame and in the moments that followed Barret surprisingly remained silent .
te	O	热量灼伤了他的皮肤，并且他研究着满铺地毯上的几何图案。
te	I	It was nearly that now , and Dinner bookings started at five .
te	O	我们站在人行道的边缘，并且我等着他带路。
te	O	它可能已经过去了，但是他需要知道。
te	I	Size is evidently an indication of rank in the hierarchy of Hell , and it was a Demon Lord , though .
te	I	The pleasure began and he was splintering her insides so strongly that she wasn 't sure when the pain ended .
te	I	In truth , the drive to Gandia was exceedingly pleasant but I had expected a stream of old , unpleasant memories .
te	O	伯格，我很遗憾地通知你，但是大部分土匪都被杀死了。
te	O	奶奶告诉了凯特阿姨，但是这对我来说也很有启发性。
te	O	他看着我，并且我挥手回应。
te	O	他俯身在我的桌子上方，并且我不自觉地向后靠去。
te	I	He couldn 't read what was going on in her head , but her eyes flashed brilliant sparks .
te	O	她开始把手抽开，但是他拒绝将控制权交还给她。
te	I	He felt like he 'd found someone on his own level , and she talked to him as if he were her equal .
te	O	我不能说我曾有，但是没有回复。
te	I	They sat down together and Archie followed him over .
te	O	议会的大多数成员都曾在伊甸庄园担任工作人员，并且西奥已经担任了守卫队长的职务。
te	I	Jo prayed that the TV crew wasn 't going to show up and all the neighbors had gathered on the street to watch .
te	I	He would know what you were and if I gave you a real name , his jealousy would get the better of him .
te	I	The chains restricted her movement , but she attempted to back away .
te	I	It carried with it the same sense of open danger , and her voice was the sound of knives being sharpened .
te	O	有一秒钟，她以为会因为一个糟糕的局面而失去他，但是接着伊森紧紧握住她的手说话了。
te	O	他掏出手机，并且给盖奇发短信。
te	O	他因为没有及早带着药回家而感到难过，但是他也无可奈何。
te	O	随着第三次，她停了下来，并且琳达仍然保持安静。
te	I	My thoughts begin to tangle and the headache 's coming on .
te	O	卢克咒骂了一声，但是看到霍莉苍白的脸，他缓慢地点了点头。
te	I	I hurried to catch up with him , and he started walking again , like nothing even remotely weird had just happened .
te	O	她永远，我再说一遍永远，不会吃任何串在棍子上的东西。
te	I	He wasn 't fireproof , yet Marty was a vampire .
te	O	我们会请CSU来查看能否收集指纹，但是那家伙戴着手套。
te	O	茱莉亚告诉塔拉，她和吉奥打算等到结婚后再买房子。
te	O	电脑反应很快，并且他骂了一句。
te	O	她刚满三十二岁，并且她不可能已经走了。
te	I	He didn 't but he was supposed to pay them a couple thousand the moment he received his tax refund .
te	O	总统没有祈祷，但是他正在深思。
te	O	她又笑了，轻轻地逗弄着他，并且雅克感觉被她的光芒包围着。
te	O	她凝视着他残忍的眼睛，并且一切都结束了。
te	I	More defenders fell than invaders , but men went down on both sides .
te	I	Please try to target someone else with your spells , but I 'll let you get back to your fun .
te	I	I told daddy I was buying popularity , but I pretty much blew my expense account .
te	O	麦特曾问我是否愿意和他一起去某个派对，并且当然，我拒绝了。
te	I	Her breath burst out on a gasp , and he fell on top of her .
te	O	眨几下眼，并且就完成了。
te	O	只剩下唯一一件事要做，并且是时候由我来做了。
te	I	I smiled , and Trina 's boyfriend Kyle walked out .
te	I	They did not know that they suffered and they loved each other .
te	I	Bob grabs some last minute things from the house and we help move his storage bins into the basket .
te	I	Was one of the small handful in this town that believed me and he was actually a very nice man .
te	O	这就是我给他的所有回应，并且虽然不满意，他也没有再逼问我。
te	I	You can beg his forgiveness , and we 'll tell The Scholar that you were trying to protect her .
te	I	I 'll never see him again , and she 'll imprison him behind bars .
te	O	哦，她曾经时不时地来看看我，但是这次来访会以我从未想象过的方式改变我的境况。
te	I	I let George speak and she closed her eyes .
te	O	它会，并且它应该。
te	I	They all quieted , and there was a gasp among the Legion .
te	I	I didn 't feel like it , but I really should do a write-up .
te	O	斯嘉丽的脸亮了起来，但是她看起来仍然很怀疑。
te	O	我因我的一些发现而获得过几次晋升，但是没有什么值得我写本书的。
te	O	我们需要在那段艰难时期里待在一起，并且我们需要那总是弥漫在塔顶那间熟悉房间里的宁静。
te	I	Off he went and came the reply .
te	I	I held up a hand , but she started to interrupt again .
te	O	迈克把头靠向他的女朋友，并且其他人正全神贯注于他们自己的谈话。
te	I	There were too many other pressing matters he couldn 't ignore , but he would have liked to stay within that place for much longer .
te	O	这次，当他打开它时，没有记忆闪回，并且他径直走了过去。
te	I	A bunch of nomads didn 't carry a tropical plant across the Bering Straight in the ice age , and you have to transplant a whole plant !
te	I	Somehow , I hadn 't been able to reach him , but every dream brought me closer to him .
te	I	Her eyes twinkled playfully and dimples appeared in her cheeks .
te	O	恼火地，她试图甩开他，以免洒出她的咖啡，但是一些还是从她的杯子里溅了出来，落到了脏雪中。
te	O	杰克似乎一点也不在乎她的身体冰冷而且她的胸膛寂静无声。
te	I	We 're going to talk about him and you 're going to eat this delicious hamburger steak meal .
te	I	It 's very true , but you may not believe it now .
te	O	我的目光从那厚厚的米色书页上移开，并且一股寒意猛烈地冲击着我的身体。
te	I	It was a losing proposition , but she tried not to stare .
te	O	海雯的肩膀垂了下来，并且她扬起了眉毛。
te	O	我的胃部抽紧了，并且我立刻紧张起来。
te	O	他仍在笑，并且这让我更加生气。
te	O	乔去医生那里做了压力测试，并且一切正常，这让人大大松了口气。
te	O	也许我也不该相信你，但是我又有什么选择呢？
te	I	I lost the trail , and because I was wolf first in this form , I became distracted by their movement , their smell .
te	I	Then she 's a stupid girl , but marigold , that 's a stupid name .
te	O	我突然想到一个念头，并且我戴上了帽子。
te	O	尽管她现在很忙，我的老师仍然设法督促我去见她的女巫集会，并且我因为几个不同的原因同意了。
te	I	The salad was growing limp in its bowl , and upstairs the burgers were burning on the grill .
te	I	It felt like I was in danger , and I knew I was being taken somewhere .
te	I	The oil on the filter created a slick surface , but I yank hard on the wrench .
te	O	这令人惊叹，并且我怀念这个。
te	I	Danica breathed freely again , and Belinda left the store .
te	O	他以为自己曾经懂得爱，但是他根本不了解爱到底是什么。
te	O	我查看了步入式衣帽间里是否有她的迹象，但是她的所有连衣裙都不见了。
te	O	我当时喊了一声，并且人们转过头来看。
te	I	Part of me desperately wanted to , and I imagined it was a call for help .
te	I	She had already found solutions to her problems , but Amy felt Jo 's arguments were more legitimate .
te	O	他们当时还不知道，但是镇上的人们逐渐失去了他们的权利。
te	I	It wasn 't without its difficulties , but it had been a joyous time .
te	I	The other men have been tossing around and he was telling me the theories he .
te	I	She curled back into him , and as she accepted his answer , the tension eased .
te	I	Rachel realised suddenly that she was sniffing the air , like a dog trying to pick up a scent , and still her head was swinging around .
te	O	过去三周我几乎每天都和他在一起，并且在那段时间里，我从未见过他如此认真。
te	I	I leaped away without meaning to , but Puck reached for me .
te	I	She didn 't want to have anything deeper and it was great how it was .
te	I	With my left I draw at the leather strings at my neck , withdrawing the pouch there , and I keep my right hand near my hip .
te	I	This ship is a lot farther out than that , and it was a stretch finding that water on Minerva .
te	I	Somehow the words hung in the silence , yet I wasn 't sure anyone had spoken .
te	O	她倒抽一口气，并且她的眼皮猛地睁开。
te	O	他把腿伸出后备箱，并且我解开了他脚踝上的自行车锁。
te	O	我全身都在因愤怒而颤抖，并且我知道他能看到。
te	I	I was a little underwhelmed , but I imagined a lot of women found him attractive .
te	I	Ali nodded , and Hanna asked Ali .
te	I	I catch her before I lose control , and she slips her fingers down over the bulge in my jeans .
te	O	肖恩不表露感情，但是那不代表任何事。
te	I	She was raised without any margin for error , but I know she seems cold .
te	I	Not before it did a good deal of harm to you , but we were able to get it out .
te	I	He nodded , and I said .
te	I	A thought struck me , and her fingernails sparked , circuitry pulsing with green light .
te	I	He growled deep in his chest and my teeth bit into the soft skin around his nipple .
te	I	The voting began , and the Speaker of the House started roll call .
te	I	You will disappear and they will take you away .
te	I	Kelly deserved to have her escort waiting for her , but he hated being inside with ghostly memories attempting to push through .
te	O	他死盯着我，好像他只要看我一眼就能知道我是否月经来潮，并且然后他挥手让我出去。
te	O	他一直很强大，并且 Iris——甜美的 Iris——一直很虚弱。
te	O	Max 问了，但是 Gio 没有回答。
te	I	I stared , and I looked back , almost as if his pleasure were my permission to continue .
te	I	Rose will be appointed a leader at some point and we 'll be in one section .
te	O	他们喜欢这音乐，并且这让他们微笑。
te	I	I pulled a menu out of the drawer , and we headed down to the kitchen .
te	O	这位年轻女孩美得惊人，而且她可爱眼睛中闪耀的深切同情只为她的美丽锦上添花。
te	I	The door refused to budge , but she tugged on the latch with both hands .
te	I	I would gladly give my life in service to my Lord and I know it to be true .
te	O	Zoey 在执行一项任务，而且人们很快就变得怀疑了。
te	O	我耸了耸肩，并且他笑了。
te	I	I figured that was where Beth was , and one of the bedroom doors was closed .
te	I	It seemed like he 'd forgotten all about it , because this hurt so , so much worse , but Shane had an arrow in his shoulder .
te	O	他已经预先收到部分付款，而且 Price 打来这通电话是为了安排余款的交付。
te	I	Maybe he 'd realized that Stuart was about to get tossed out , or the dwarf must have somehow sneaked past Xavier inside .
te	O	他太忙了，而且我大部分时间都在学校。
te	I	Kendall hadn 't been surprised when she 'd heard the news , but matthias hadn 't spoken much about his broken engagement .
te	O	他很快地把脸恢复成一副耐心关切的表情，但是为时已晚。
te	I	It seems a little public , and nothing happened at the hotel .
te	O	我喊叫，但是我的话语来得太迟了。
te	I	It was after eight before they ended the meeting and the four women continued to discuss the event .
te	O	我对他笑了笑，希望我能说更多，但是房间里充满了其他的担忧。
te	I	I was stripping the gray adhesive from his entire body and one more quick scan with the .38 .
te	I	She just knew she would , but she shouldn 't want more .
te	O	那让他的血都凉了，并且同时前窗伴随着一阵玻璃碎片轰然炸裂。
te	O	埃里克对他来说就像兄弟一般，并且那个男孩很少敢于反对他的堂兄。
te	I	Please keep in mind that everything inside belongs to her alone , but Gracie is the co-owner of the property .
te	I	This is the first time I have talked to slaves and I 've lived in the north all of my life .
te	I	They wanted her back and their newborn daughter had been snatched from the hospital .
te	I	Stalker 's scouts did most of the heavy lifting , and we were on the road for over a week .
te	I	I had come to relieve myself carrying only the bat , and there were no lights around other than the dull embers of the fire .
te	O	我们的舌头缠绕在一起，并且他尝起来很美妙。
te	O	凝视着我的黑眼睛变成了森林绿，并且是卢卡斯和我在一起，他的嘴唇在我的嘴唇上。
te	O	他们说太平间必须进行尸检，并且然后不小心在他葬礼前将他火化了。
te	O	夜幕缓缓降临，并且艾比没有来敲我的门。
te	O	有些事情一直困扰着他，除了他最明显的问题之外，并且他决心找出答案。
te	O	我迈出一步，准备好要稍稍用力挣脱他的束缚，但是他却毫不抵抗地放开了我。
te	O	情景喜剧的音量变低了，并且安娜打开了门。
te	I	The vehicle began to roll even as Nicole lost her hold on consciousness and the air bags exploded .
te	I	Cassie noticed it had been cut into layers , and she 'd let down her dark brown hair .
te	O	她会说五种语言，但是由于其中大部分属于东欧语系，它们在快节奏的生活中显得相当无用。
te	O	他那傲慢的神情变得更加傲慢了，但是它现在更加专注了，更加专业了。
te	O	马丁修士也听取告解，但是他有不同的方法来保护他们的灵魂免受邪恶侵扰。
te	I	They 'd both signed , and that stack of papers still sitting on the kitchen table over there declared it .
te	I	Finan did not hear it but the voice was insistent .
te	I	You can operate the knob and I am certain that you are Prince Jake .
te	I	As the water drops hit , he could see faint blue flickers of the shield over her wound , and her head fell back on his chest .
te	O	他转过身去，背对着她，并且安吉拉慢慢地站了起来，挽住了威廉姆斯的胳膊。
te	O	内疚蒙上了他的神情，但是他保持着眼神接触。
te	O	她看着他，并且知道他是对的，她点了点头。
te	O	他们互相看了一眼，并且艾丹对她露出了一个坏笑。
te	O	他的母亲抬头看着他，眼神太过锐利，并且他克制住了当场谋杀他兄弟们的冲动。
te	O	金属门剧烈摇晃，并且他们听到后面传来刀剑的撞击声。
te	I	My head was throbbing and Blood was gushing out of my arm .
te	I	You couldn 't hear it until the doors were open , but a faint humming came from within .
te	I	A brittle edge had entered her voice , but her smile was still in place .
te	O	他的计划正在开花结果，并且一场革命迫在眉睫。
te	I	Then we blockade , and first we burn .
te	I	You were gone and I woke up .
te	I	These same exact symptoms were present today and the symptoms had started shortly after going off the medication .
te	O	尼古拉斯把她拉到他胸前，并且她无力阻止他。
te	O	没花多长时间，最多两分钟，但是感觉却不可思议。
te	I	If we did not see this through , the situation would hang heavily on our shoulders and the police would regard our evidence as circumstantial .
te	O	她抚摸着他大腿更靠上的地方，并且他差点把车开进沟里。
te	O	我尽可能快地离开了那里，但是为了以后可能需要黛比帮忙，我还是很有礼貌。
te	I	We had already seen what changing time could do and this battle was meant to take place .
te	O	我们正在爬一个陡峭的山坡，并且我猜到了我们身处何处。
te	O	他没有接受，并且她的恼怒变成了沮丧。
te	I	I wasn 't used to talking to panthers who 'd become human , and I wasn 't used to being out in the country .
te	I	Her throat swelled and her breath caught .
te	I	She didn 't focus on him but her eyes opened to mere slits .
te	I	Car engines were only faintly heard , but Streets surrounded the park .
te	O	街道略微上坡，并且从房屋的外观来看，我们正在进入城市最古老的部分。
te	O	这声音起初很有趣，但是现在却让她感到刺耳。
te	I	Things have changed , but in the past , a soul couldn 't survive a body 's death .
te	O	女孩们已经进去了，并且他听到了洗碗机门打开的声音。
te	I	He demands a private meeting with you , and you are the daughter of the man who is currently challenging him in the polls ?
te	O	我不喜欢我听到的，但是任何打断都会让杰克放慢速度。
te	O	电视摔得粉碎，并且我本能地用手臂遮住脸，以防飞溅的碎片。
te	O	我因一起谋杀调查而被警方拘留，但是我从未告诉过你整个故事。
te	O	几秒钟后他走开了，并且她就和海伦单独在一起了。
te	O	当然，水晶是他们的最终目标，但是他们以后会有时间来担心这件事的。
te	O	他在一个大平台上突然停了下来，并且她撞到了他身上。
te	O	我正要开口说话，但是我以及太迟了。
te	I	I turn back to look at him through the back window , and the car pulls away .
te	I	The panther instinctively knew what it was , but she didn 't exactly recognize it .
te	O	他意识到塌方发生还不到30秒，但是却像过了一个世纪一样。
te	I	His ears rang , and it was like getting hit by a hammer .
te	O	将他们联系在一起的网络使他们变得非常亲密，并且其中也有一些美好的事情。
te	O	另一名船员拍打了发言人的肚子，并且他改变了他的答案。
te	O	他的心很痛，但是它会痊愈的。
te	I	A nurse approached them and thirty minutes passed .
te	O	她的名字是玛丽亚·埃尔莫萨，还有杰瑞·普拉特。
te	O	洛根的步伐加快了，并且我也加快了我的步伐以跟上。
te	O	蒂莫西·哈钦斯的父母尚未被发现，但是我们希望他们很快会发表声明。
te	O	我很欣赏你正在努力做的事情，但是它永远不会成功。
te	I	Bones lashed together with cords and it was made of branches .
te	O	乔什把一只安慰的手臂放在卡罗尔的肚子上，并且她痛苦地尖叫起来。
te	I	It shook its ragged head and the crow 's yellow eyes widened .
te	O	这条鱼还活着，并且它翻腾着，让兰达更湿了。
te	O	血从她鼻腔后部滴淌到喉咙时，她又感到一阵恶心，并且她作呕。
te	I	Suddenly it all seemed very close to home , but she didn 't know him personally .
te	O	天还没完全黑，并且我已上床了。
te	I	Suddenly I wasn 't taking it , but my exit lane was coming up .
te	I	This wasn 't one of those times , but sometimes Hannah used it to her advantage .
te	O	揭晓结果的那个晚上我们熬夜到很晚，而且我知道我第二天早上会为此付出代价。
te	I	Rory loved the feel of water , but vampires could clean themselves .
te	O	他把钥匙给了我，并且我们飞近了门。
te	O	尽管雪已经停了，寒意却加剧了，并且它像新长出的一层皮肤一样紧贴着她。
te	I	The words slipped out but she knew playing dumb wasn 't the answer .
te	I	Rachel had ignored them , but he 'd made overtures to that effect .
te	I	They sat at the edge of a large rock and Anna shuffled towards Justus .
te	O	女子拒绝提出指控，但是那名男子被护送离开这片地产并被警告不准再回来。
te	I	Her stomach gurgled and her shoulders slumped .
te	O	如果他失败了，那就随他去吧，但是至少他抓住了活下去的机会。
te	O	一个尖点接触到他的后颈，并且他感觉到血的凉意从划痕处流出。
te	I	She swipes the knife at him and he pushes her .
te	I	He smirked at me , and I narrowed my eyes at him .
te	O	他的膝盖在他身下颤抖，并且他几乎无法抬起头。
te	O	他一生中从未与人搏斗过，并且现在他正在为自己的性命与他那不死之妻搏斗。
te	I	I 'm pretty sure she wouldn 't be down with that , and I might attack Grace on the dance floor .
te	I	One of those was doing extreme sports activities he loved , and there were some ways I just didn 't fit into Vincent 's lifestyle .
te	I	His lips are chapped , and his hair is a tangle .
te	I	It wasn 't simply because of the unexpected heat wave , and Allan could feel the temperature rising among the fur traders .
te	O	不过这次他精神好多了，并且他的长凳部分被占据了。
te	I	You 're officially over the cliff and the wheels have left the ground .
te	I	He lowered his head and his expression changed .
te	O	他在担心某事，并且他没有思考，只是冲了下去。
te	O	在过去的六年里她约会过，但是没有人像这个男人一样影响过她。
te	O	我躲开它伸出的手，并且它借力重新站直。
te	O	我们将会失败，并且那些愚蠢到与我们牵连的人将与我们一同灭亡！
te	I	She drops her legs from her curled up position , allowing them to swing from the ledge as she looks at me and Melina looks dismayed .
te	O	她不想认为这是可能的，但是她已经不再天真了。
te	O	我母亲瞪着她，并且我竭力忍住不笑。
te	I	Something else was behind it , but Liam 's tone was calm .
te	I	She resented me for it , and he 'd ignored her advances .
te	O	他听话了，并且我把手放在灯的热气上。
te	I	I can see her belly , and she 's wearing gym clothes .
te	I	Winter was looking up , but she may not have been able to envision the summer .
te	I	Sadly there was nothing to learn , but we all tried to listen in on the conversation .
te	O	他可能很卑鄙，但是他并非完全愚蠢。
te	O	他和其他男孩一样年轻，但是他脸上的表情与那个拿着钥匙的人截然不同。
te	I	Some of the fellas are not keen on them being in 5.56 mm but they 're certainly lighter .
te	O	风呼啸着穿过棚屋的缝隙，但是没有声音，也没有任何移动的迹象。
te	I	Even one of their sons has already passed away , a heart attack at 60 , but her older brothers lived into their late 70s at least .
te	O	我们的黑暗之夜又回来了，并且我们将再次面临迫害。
te	I	This woman was on a whole other level , but Lola had a way of doing that .
te	O	我的心跳加速了，并且我的喉咙突然感觉就像我曾用灰尘漱口一样。
te	I	He was just leaving her , and he knew how she felt .
te	I	I had nowhere else to go , but I didn 't want to stay at the Mitchells ' .
te	I	She dialed Zuzana , who picked up on the first ring , and she asked him .
te	O	她开始打开篮子，并且我在她对面坐了下来，把膝盖抱到胸前。
te	I	He closed his eyes , shaking , and Color rushed back into his face .
te	I	Really going at it and they were pointed at the sky .
te	O	门就开了，并且我紧紧地闭上了眼睛。
te	O	公主的眼睛湿润了，并且她用力吸了一口气。
te	I	An invisible force dragged me toward her , past the boundary of Eden Manor , but I dug my heels into the ground .
te	O	本的头撞到了墙上，并且他无意识地倒在了地上。
te	I	For some reason Casey bore the brunt of her wrath , and it always put her mom in a cranky temper .
te	I	If they know who you are it will not go well for you and the army is getting closer with every breath .
te	O	我的名字是诺亚·格雷森，并且我是一名建筑工人。
te	I	We were making good time until we had a small technical problem - a large technical problem , actually , and we set off without them .
te	I	I 've geared them up for battle just as you commanded and I 've taken my place as commander of the army .
te	O	回答我，否则我就会强迫你回屋子里去。
te	O	我知道这听起来可能很蠢，但是我很喜欢听他的心跳声。
te	O	他的呼吸急促起来，并且他的阴茎在水中勃起。
te	I	I knew that wasn 't the case , but I wanted to hope that he was irate about that .
te	I	I realized that she didn 't know that I knew she had personal worries , and she looked at me in surprise .
te	O	她的头发卷曲成紧密的环状，垂过肩膀，并且她对着镜头微笑着，仿佛爱着拍照片的人。
te	I	I saw Alex glance back and I watched them flying away .
te	O	我瞥了一眼，并且她也确实是。
te	O	他转向其他人，并且他的语气反映了他的焦虑。
te	I	He could no longer feel the flapping of the wings , and it felt like some bubble had clamped shut over him .
te	I	He was just as baffled , but I glanced at Eddie again .
te	O	一些溅到我的裤子上了，但是这也无可奈何。
te	I	He wasn 't about to tell a twelve-year-old girl about it , and he 'd guarded the secret of the snake tooth for centuries .
te	O	克洛伊大叫，并且我把头向后仰，看着天花板，然后长长地叹了一口气。
te	I	I knew he felt me tremble , and it made me weak in the knees .
te	O	他们所有的请求都被汽车引擎的轰鸣声淹没了，并且当汽车猛地向前开动时，他们才终于让开了路。
te	I	No one could hold a candle to what I saw in Ethan , but yes , I noticed them , in that I knew they existed .
te	O	我把手放在他的手臂上，但是他猛地抽回去了。
te	O	连克莱尔都感觉到了，并且她本该更清楚的。
te	O	我看到旁边一排有一辆小车正在倒车出来，并且凯蒂像专业人士一样把车开进了那个车位。
te	I	He laughed as he sauntered to the bedroom and I growled at him .
te	O	我的全身感觉都化成了液体，而且我几乎无法抵抗融化在地板上的冲动。
te	I	I blink them back , but my eyes fill with tears .
te	O	这是他的宝贝，而且他宠爱着它。
te	O	艾斯已经带路穿过小岛，但是他停下来示意尼克走在他前面。
te	I	I know that doesn 't mean anything , but I can 't apologize enough for him .
te	O	闲聊不断，但是话题总是回到双胞胎身上。
te	O	拉里知道如果被抓到他会有麻烦，但是这是为了工会。
te	I	They didn 't know how to reach you , but they tried to phone you .
te	I	They enjoyed the meal tremendously , especially since there was coffee made by Sakura , and it was lovely .
te	I	Your GPA is impeccable and your college fund is untouched .
te	O	这次要扫描的照片更少，但是亚瑟尽其所能地帮助了她。
te	O	周一，他们拜访了该地区的第三家医院，但是没有古斯塔夫的踪迹。
te	O	劳伦的眼睛注视着他的脸，而且他能看到她眼底深处的痛苦。
te	O	似乎他当时就想把它做好，并且我不想让他失望。
te	O	我知道这很难，并且它悄悄地让我心碎。
te	I	The city of Paris was spread out before me , and a narrow walkway circled the top of the Eiffel .
te	O	伊恩蓝色的眼睛闪烁着好玩的神情，并且他握了握我的手才放开。
te	I	He would be brought to heel with the threat of Cammie , but Travis would also pay for his part in aiding Eve .
te	O	布莱恩的双臂温暖地环抱着我，但是我并没有感到安心。
te	O	我的下巴张着，并且我无法说话。
te	O	那是第二天早上，并且迈克尔预计午饭前从出差回家。
te	O	丽莎给了她一个安慰的眼神，但是那个女人没有理会她。
te	O	他抓住我的手，并且我跌跌撞撞地跟在他身后。
te	O	它就那样放在那里，并且我非常确定在我跳进淋浴前它不在那里。
te	I	Thus far , our brick hadn 't yielded any clues , and the Ozarks consisted of a very large expanse of land .
te	O	圆环没有再来纽约，但是马格努斯确实又见到了他们一次。
te	O	朱莉娅的眼睛睁大了，并且她惊讶地笑了。
te	I	She was winding up Eric 's frenzy at the same time as she was relieving it , and she was a beautiful Shifter woman .
te	O	埃琳娜可能有一头红发，但是她不是魔鬼。
te	O	他不知道他们在哪里，但是他害怕你会找到他们。
te	I	I listened in and Gilgamesh was in communication with the other craft .
te	O	他又颤抖了，并且他讨厌自己开始颤抖。
te	O	咀嚼树皮让他想起真正的食物，而且他的胃发出不满的痉挛，暂时压倒了他其他的疼痛。
te	I	I nodded , and her eyes went wide .
te	O	我不想看她，但是她的存在就像我眼角燃烧的火焰。
te	O	我为我想要的而奋斗，并且我没有放弃直到我得到它。
te	I	This beauty was misleading , but their own galaxy filled the sky with bright jewels .
te	I	It made him significantly improved , but he wasn 't at full strength .
te	I	Bannister walks , and Bannister squeals on Rucker , who gives a bogus confession , which leads to an immediate indictment .
te	O	终有一天，她会后悔她的爆发，但是她当时没有。
te	O	他的小肩膀挺直了，并且他若有所思地看着坦纳，坦纳看起来随时都会断气。
te	I	It was nice to hear Shane recognize it , and she knew that she was a skilled stalker .
te	I	She had liked him and he was a forceful personality .
te	O	我们立刻离开了，并且我几乎无法解释我怎么知道去哪儿。
te	I	My heart accelerates so swiftly it aches inside my chest and Energy simmers through my veins .
te	O	他就是我，并且他有空。
te	O	她脑子里在想些什么，但是他却不知道是什么。
te	I	I won 't let it get divided and my attention is on one girl now .
te	I	Kelly 's thoughts were elsewhere , but they watched a little television .
te	O	直到她去世，真相才大白，并且我才发现我是私生子。
te	I	The room is mostly empty , and I walk into my first class .
te	I	There was blood on one of the three scratch marks and my cheek was red .
te	I	He did not take the words back , but how selfish he was to ask , he thought .
te	I	Still , I was enjoying sneaking glances at him but ok so we weren 't having a convocation .
te	I	I knew something was wrong , but I couldn 't quite put my finger on it .
te	I	A howl , blistering with agony , ripped from his lungs , and a spasm rocked through Seth 's body .
te	I	You didn 't let it eat you up , and I left you hanging to follow my dream .
te	I	He was , as always , immune but he allowed them to drift through his consciousness now .
te	I	We don 't buy it , but Tia likes it in her drinks .
te	O	锤子，重得不易停下，一直袭来，并且罗娜迅速向后仰。
te	I	I grasped at him when he didn 't follow , and he eased me down onto it .
te	O	你摇摇晃晃地走出海面，并且我朝你跑去，喊着“瑞安！”
te	I	The little warriors tapped their little sword on their little wooden shields and the group let out a huge cry .
te	I	They 're quite picky , and Mentor West is a very old client .
te	O	我父亲一直很迷信，但是我从未想过他会完全疯掉。
te	I	They never did , but I lost hope .
te	O	我的骨头有点痛，而且我被提醒我现在老了多少，差不多51岁了。
te	O	在雨林里并不舒服，这倒是真的，但是那里仍然很美妙。
te	O	内特更用力地拉扯着我派克大衣的袖子，并且我任由恐惧攫住我。
te	O	他并不是真的嫉妒，但是结果却表现出那种样子。
te	I	Her mother was gone , and the motor growled to life .
te	O	今年春天异常多雨，而且草地呈现出鲜亮、惊人的绿色。
te	O	他们走路时发出嘎吱声，并且孩子们显得很紧张。
te	I	She would gasp , and she would smile .
te	O	他们面面相觑，但是他们最近见过更奇怪的事情。
te	O	我把他看作是害羞、安静的类型，并且我决定我们性格上的这种差异会是一种很好的平衡。
te	I	I watched the world dissolve and I let the rage in the back of my head out of its cage .
te	I	What was crazy was Patrick 's smile of reciprocation , and she smiled at him , no disguise about the flirtation in it .
te	I	I step inside , and the door opens .
te	O	锯齿状玻璃的微光吸引了我的目光，并且我被它吸引了。
te	O	我可能会在那里看到爱丽丝，并且她会对我微笑。
te	O	他没有刮胡子，并且他的脸很痒。
te	I	She could trust him with her children , and she could trust him in her home .
te	I	We will ask a simple question , and now we will study these statements .
te	I	He knew she was remembering their night together and she stilled at his use of the endearment .
te	O	她能听到身边男人粗重的呼吸声，但是他们俩都没有说话。
te	I	She took a lot of time to warm to , and Marguerite was often cold , though they had been friends for centuries .
te	I	Dollop put it in the thousands but any number would be a guess .
te	O	她张开嘴巴说话，并且她的声音不是她自己的。
te	I	He sat at his desk , head down , shuffling his own papers , but she hoped the man would acknowledge her .
te	I	There was a small closet in the hall , and the bathroom was big with a tub .
te	O	岸边传来一声尖叫，并且迪安转身看到埃默森站在齐膝深的湖水中。
te	O	我一直努力压制的绝望涌上心头，并且我迅速地眨眼忍住了眼泪。
te	O	视频结束了，并且瑞克·曼恩接续他中断的地方。
te	I	We managed to clear the fences without any trouble , but once I had figured that out , jumping was , well it wasn 't exactly easy .
te	I	Her hand involuntarily pressed another button beside the door , and her mind raced .
te	I	He found nothing but he turned the office upside down looking for evidence that he was the butt of a prank .
te	I	I felt pity for her and she got into the queue at the very back .
te	I	Often those who could bring armies to his name were best rewarded , and the Great Lord favored action .
te	O	德米特里的母亲是一个很棒的人，而且艾玛真心地爱着那个女人，感激她教给她的一切关于待客之道。
te	I	The man walked over to the door where he pressed a red button , and a minute later there was a knock on the wall .
te	I	I looked up at him and he took a step back .
te	O	恐惧袭遍全身，并且我停止了呼吸。
te	O	触碰是一种珍贵的礼物，并且我不轻易给予它。
te	O	他伸手去拿枪，吓坏了，当车突然停了下来，并且车门飞快地打开了。
te	I	It had ended with him crying about missing his ex-girlfriend , and I 'd gone on a date with a Kappa once .
te	O	我认为也许一些旅行癖在捉弄我，并且这趟旅行会给我带来一些急需的快乐。
te	O	我以为她会直接从我身上走过去，但是她停在了离我脸两厘米的地方。
te	O	她耸了耸肩，并且连衣裙开始向下、向下——就在这里。
te	I	She tried to get lost in her book and the sun beamed down on her pale skin .
te	I	I feel no current urge to tell him and he 's unaware of my romance with Riley .
te	O	他的下巴绷紧了，并且他低声咒骂。
te	I	Tarleton 's shadow stretched out before him and the late afternoon sun was still strong .
te	I	He wanted to avoid that at all costs and to break that protocol could set her brilliant mind in motion .
te	I	My smile returned , and I realized she was fine .
te	I	There are many painful memories that are buried on that land for her , and I love her deeply .
te	I	He pushed her hands over her head , and she sighed into him .
te	O	他的小屋很小，但是够用了。
te	I	She hobbled over to it , holding one hand to her mouth as she stared and a large portrait of a woman in yellow caught her attention .
te	O	我大口吞咽着，并且第一次让自己感受到我有多恨那个地堡。
te	O	我负责做土豆泥，并且我现在意识到它们相当粗糙。
te	I	I honestly never thought it would get so real , but what I did was wrong .
te	I	Claire hung up without saying good-bye , and that was ever so slightly creepy .
te	O	几乎就像我以前闻过这个地方一样，但是我不知道这怎么可能。
te	O	她一直在留下记号，而且这些不仅仅是初步的标记。
te	O	看着它让她心痛，但是她放不下它。
te	I	They remained that way for several minutes , and Emily hugged back .
te	I	The child dropped the stone into it , and without a word he held it open .
te	I	I favored that wilder look , and his hair was starting to curl like Deacon 's .
te	O	我希望Hallow不会察觉到我内心的重压，但是每一个我触碰过的人似乎都心事重重。
te	I	Our group is shrinking , and their time is done .
te	I	Then he saw Avril , and he grinned .
te	I	I have and Building stone is too heavy for one man to carry - unless he has the sort of advantages my brothers .
te	O	我曾从吸血鬼的角度思考过很多事情，但是这件事我却没有。
te	I	I am ashamed again and I swallow .
te	I	The band needed to show off , but he just wanted to play music .
te	O	Bri显然很生气，但是我之后再担心这个。
te	I	That didn 't mean she had to be a total angel , but she might have to play nice for Robert the next day .
te	I	Jo avoided eye contact , but she winked at Jo .
te	I	I needed time to process what had become of me , and I suddenly had no idea who I was .
te	I	They fell open of their own accord and he kneeled on the bed between my legs .
te	I	The sooner she improved , the better , but the thought of ingesting anything had not been terribly appealing .
te	O	我知道他说的是真的，但是很容易陷入绝望。
te	I	They 'd passed that turnoff hours ago , but she 'd thought at first he planned to go find Brandon .
te	O	Jemma会需要一个提供无条件支持的人，并且他将是那个帮助她度过难关的人。
te	I	The puppy was suddenly gone in the crush , although she heard it yelping , and her jacket burst open .
te	I	Shawn still felt good about it , pleased that he 'd been able to take care of his crew , but they hadn 't accomplished much today .
te	I	It was pitch dark and I was outside somewhere .
te	O	这堂课很引人入胜，并且还没等我反应过来，它也结束了。
te	O	退开后，我的神仙教母放开了我，并且我的视线清晰了。
te	I	She sensed that it was not Jonas who was drawing her , but she wasn 't sure how she knew that .
te	I	Star remained blissfully unaware of the great canine 's presence , but Winston looked over .
te	I	She couldn 't do anything about it , but Learning how Mohammed Ebrahim died was significant .
te	I	For that , Charlotte was grateful , and neither girl asked her any questions .
te	O	门开着，并且一阵凉爽的微风吹了进来。
te	I	They 're all laughing and Penny lasts about two seconds before she gets the best of him .
te	O	我没有感觉到木桩扎进去，但是我确实感受到了那股冰冷的强大力量。
te	I	He hears things and I say , because he knows almost everyone in the neighborhood .
te	O	我那天晚上真的很想告诉你，但是我们玩得太开心了。
te	I	They turned to a small hint of any light color she wore , but I wasn 't sure if they were hazel .
te	O	我试了三次才读完最后那句话，并且我意识到问题出在我的手颤抖。
te	I	The flames were gone , and he waved a hand .
te	I	Isaac might well kill him , and he was going to get hell from his brother .
te	I	They handled it , and they accepted it .
te	I	I noticed , but no one else on earth would notice the slight quiver at the ends of his fingers .
te	O	他金色的蓬松卷发被剪短了，并且他的绿眼睛在周日早晨的阳光下闪烁着。
te	I	I held his eyes and Pop stared at me .
te	O	现在日子不好过，并且我们需要加强联盟。
te	O	我记得她说过萨利娜是如何看着她溺水的，并且那个元素生物从中获得的乐趣。
te	O	有人跌倒，并且另一个人站起来。
te	O	墙壁将圆形分成了楔形块，但是碗的边缘都是玻璃。
te	I	She pulled him back down , but he began to scoot up .
te	O	我感觉到脸上皱起了眉头，并且我从恍惚中清醒过来。
te	O	他们看起来很严肃，但是他们说得很少。
te	O	一股强烈的怒火笼罩了他，并且他又按了几下键盘。
te	I	The pencil followed , his stare never unlocking from mine and he dropped the pad onto the floor .
te	O	当他看着我时，一股轻微的冲击传遍我全身，并且我迅速垂下了眼睛。
te	I	That is why , it is more than self-evident to me and I have personally gone through all this .
te	I	I was still surprised by a personal call , but I guess if your apartment gets ransacked , you have a vested interest .
te	I	Clary saw dim light spark off the knife he was holding , and Jace raised his hand .
te	O	他又笑了，并且这次克莱尔记得要及时地笑。
te	I	We are it and they needed mules !
te	I	She was looking for that kind of work , and they use youngish models .
te	O	杰奎琳曾打电话询问，并且阿利克斯曾来过几次。
te	O	我咧嘴笑了，并且她笑了。
te	I	The cries were hindered by mouthfuls of earth , but she screamed again .
te	O	我的嘴角向上翘了，并且我叹了口气。
te	O	你不认识我，并且我认识你。
te	O	之前所有迹象都指向夏洛特，但是现在劳雷尔似乎是唯一的答案。
te	I	I feel my scalp prickle and she gives him a lustful look as he walks away .
te	I	Adam was completely lost to her , and Cassie had that same ache now .
te	I	His lip is swelling rapidly and there is a gash above his left eye .
te	O	我们不得不继续给卢卡斯过度喂血，并且他大多拒绝离开房间。
te	O	他双手有节奏的动作仍在继续，并且我试图放松。
te	I	The surprise was enough to send William backward , shaking his head , but the blow was one of desperation , with little strength behind it .
te	O	她总是有悄悄靠近我的能力，并且我觉得她从中获得某种乐趣。
te	O	当他把嘴唇压在我嘴唇上时，他做得太过分了，但是我刚刚胜过他。
te	O	他想让自己的话听起来合情合理，但是结果却显得很软弱。
te	O	杰克逊睡着时看起来很脆弱，并且我内心感到一阵悸动。
te	I	She looked at me with confusion , and mom 's blue eyes fluttered open .
te	O	Meagan 变得焦躁不安，并且她的声音在颤抖。
te	I	That was nothing a brush couldn 't fix , but my long brown hair looked messy .
te	O	他击败了一队军队还不够，但是他随后将和平处理得异常出色。
te	I	At first Marwan thought he saw a sad , troubled expression written all over her face , and she looked at him .
te	I	He had large , blue eyes and he was not Asian at all .
te	I	There is steel buried deep , yet his heart is so innocent .
te	I	Gabe 's and I 've been at Mom .
te	I	Then the door cracked open , and the doorknob rattled beside him .
te	O	她的头发一团糟，而且她的衣服上沾着泥土。
te	I	Seeing the car gave me some relief , but he could just zip his way back to the warehouse without his SUV .
te	I	He perused it in the hope a memory would be triggered , and it was his Hero section .
te	I	You leave us no choice , but we are sorry to hide this from you .
te	I	I couldn 't seem to stop it , but I knew my mouth was falling open .
te	O	她的眼睛慢慢睁开，并且她抬头对他笑了。
te	I	That was another surprise , and he needed a haircut .
te	I	It was enough , but he couldn 't see much .
te	O	第一个星期后，内疚感逐渐减轻，但是她知道它永远不会完全消失。
te	I	Yet they were and the words were not what he expected .
te	I	The people he worked with would have stood there with their mouths hanging open and his ex-wife would have laughed .
te	O	我可以随心所欲地谈论科学，但是你才是让我活下去的原因。
te	O	我知道这不多，但是我想让你拥有它。
te	I	It hit her hard , and she hadn 't even thought of that .
te	O	我不再完全属于这里了，而且我的身体也知道这一点。
te	I	Ryder wasn 't letting her go , but tried to yank her hands down so she could touch him .
te	O	我要做的就是告诉他摘掉手铐，并且这就结束了。
te	I	Their eyes appeared to be made of little marbles , and their fur seemed strange , as if woven from yarn .
te	I	His belated concern didn 't endear him to the rest of the men , and that would 've been my first question .
te	O	我无法理解，但是那也不是思考的时候。
te	O	他只需要找到电话簿，并且他就可以出发了。
te	O	他设法熬过了这一天，并且晚饭后他请求告辞，并如实声称自己身体不适。
te	O	也许她会再见到塞巴斯蒂安，也许不会，但是她会永远把他的爱放在心里。
te	I	I know my ability scared him , but he 'd never spoken of it .
te	I	His expression spoke volumes , but David was keeping a tight rein on his emotions .
te	O	你仍然可以在不被人注意的情况下发生关系，但是那并不能成为你出轨的理由。
te	I	There was something I really wanted to know , but we ate in silence for a few minutes .
te	I	The steady burn started to ease my muscles , but the touch ached at first .
te	I	I held a newborn baby for the first time in my life and she put the bundle into my arms .
te	I	Just then Liz pulled up , looking a little rattled herself , but Isaac turned to go into the house .
te	I	When he began to move faster , she couldn 't contain her pleasure , and she arched , moaned .
te	O	我在这里感受到了太多，但是我还没傻到相信这有什么意义。
te	O	日本人会更喜欢咖啡，但是他们太客气了，所以没有说出来。
te	I	His brother would punish him with the full force of the law , and it was illegal .
te	I	The entire door had been removed and seconds later the hinges were off .
te	O	她在我咬第一口时喝了一小口，并且我没有理会她的评论。
te	O	我的身体盖住了椅子上菲利普的身体，但是冲击力太强，椅子都被震动了。
te	I	I started screaming and one of them jumped out at me .
te	I	I saw him , and I was walking over that way just a moment ago , following the drum beat .
te	I	Here we are , but he thought he was careful this time .
te	I	She beamed at him , and Zia bounded over from behind them , fixing her sword belt tighter .
te	O	很有可能这次转变会让他有点歇斯底里，而且我真的没有时间去追捕他。
te	O	沙滩上的交通繁忙了起来，而且我想我的父母正在担心我。
te	O	山姆摇了摇头，但是他显然心不在焉。
te	O	她说那个女孩很害羞，而且我的出现只会让她紧张。
te	O	我把泡泡倒入浴缸里，并且泡泡冒了上来。
te	I	There was a pill missing , and I checked after you left , Lila .
te	O	光是许多水池中的一个就已够不受欢迎了，但是以极快的速度逼近的是一簇簇锋利的钟乳石状尖刺。
te	I	His face was kind , but the bearded man kept his hand in my way .
te	I	He knew my name before I told him ... but he looked like everyone else .
te	I	She thought better of it , but she wanted to say it again to find out what happened next .
te	O	它们的头比我见过的任何马的都大，并且每个都有两套嘴，一张在另一张上面。
te	I	He could still hear her , but Gorgon had walked away out of eyesight .
te	I	Now , the thoughts came rushing down in a torrent , but she hadn 't thought too much about it since that day .
te	O	我在公园里，而且我刚刚学到了一些很棒的东西。
te	O	塞尔吉奥把戒指戴上，并且曼迪审视着它在她依然黝黑的皮肤上的美。
te	O	我看着拉奇，并且她摇了摇头。
te	I	I copy him and he laughs nervously .
te	I	Other times he just plain baffles me , and the boy can amaze me , sometimes .
te	O	我不知道他们有多成功，但是我知道得足够多，足以意识到我们不能浪费时间。
te	I	Suddenly the paper was strewn across the floor , and there was a squeal as they collided .
te	I	It was definitely the one who came to her in her worst moments , but he had no scars .
te	O	我转过身，并且珍妮芙就在那里。
te	O	这真是太……太居家了，而且这对她来说真是无比兴奋。
te	I	Lou Dell was meeting another juror , and there were voices in the hallway .
te	O	我知道她把梅斯带到这里来了，但是我仍然想让她单独一人，这样我就可以和她谈谈。
te	I	She thought she was going to suffocate and the windows were rolled up .
te	I	There he was , his phone pressed to his ear , but I thought he 'd left .
te	I	He nodded , and I guessed .
te	O	她的一部分知道他是对的，并且那一部分让她感到恐惧。
te	I	Somehow , Ty summed it up for the chief in a clear , concise manner , but Lacey doubted she could explain it all to the police .
te	I	Clare jokingly pointed out this fact out to me several times , and Coloring is not a talent of mine .
te	I	Suddenly another appeared a few feet from it , and he replied as he sat down on rock .
te	O	那是一种机密物质，但是我的母亲仍然有关系。
te	I	We inspected it in silence , and I pulled the ring out .
te	I	I could not get her to understand that I hate new Sunday School classes , but I could tell she was a little angry with me .
te	O	他不喜欢如此脆弱，尤其是在这个关头，但是这是必要的。
te	I	A bullet ripped through the railing in front of Matthew , sending splinters into the air , and a pistol roared .
te	O	意大利这里有一些奇怪的税法，并且他因为拥有一支运动队而获得巨额免税。
te	I	Then she starts to pull away , but she keeps me there , my tip against the tightness for another couple seconds .
te	I	The universe came into being - And after a while , another voice said : One , two , three , four .
te	O	他将布兰德的剑从他眼中拔出，并且鲜血涌出。
te	O	你再以任何方式威胁贝瑟尼，并且我会确保你再也开不了口。
te	I	Instead looking at this motorway sighting , and I want you off that duty .
te	I	I 'll fill you in on all the details later , but we found a little abnormality that I 'll need to have checked on .
te	I	We 're involved in that danger right now , and I assumed , from the 1970s on , that we were embarking on a very dangerous path .
te	I	Maybe I 'd spoken too soon , but I 'd thought I could handle that .
te	O	卡拉观察迈克是否有他心烦的迹象，但是她现在看到的只有他专业的举止。
te	O	你会在这些广告中看到许多快乐、面带微笑的公民，并且这是一个良好而坚实的策略。
te	I	It disappeared under the Gatekeeper 's robes and Ryo put the coin in the box .
te	O	我们换了三次水，并且当我们把加文拉出来时，水仍然是灰色的。
te	I	Missing out on things and working all the time .
te	I	He 'd assumed she was throwing words in his face , but she 'd said as much earlier , back at her house .
te	I	You need do nothing , more and that will put it in operation .
te	I	He struggled to break its hold and a particularly strong wave of air caught him from behind .
te	O	颜色倒是模糊的，并且静止的东西对她毫无兴趣。
te	I	You 're not going to leave until you 've finished , and I know you 're invested in this thing .
te	O	她的怒气消了，并且这让她无缘无故地坐在一个陌生男人的腿上。
te	I	I hadn 't quite absorbed it , but she 'd said some other stuff .
te	O	他可能关心我，在他自己都不愿承认的内心深处，但是他感受不到我所感受的。
te	I	She was most likely out frolicking with her other boyfriend , and here he had tried to save her life .
te	I	This time her hesitation was longer , and Jenny realized he was referring to the issue of her willingness .
te	O	右边的通道把我们带到了死胡同，并且左边的通道通向了建筑物的中心。
te	O	情况很糟糕，但是我将告诉你们那天早上在大洞那里我所看到的一切。
te	I	A step I was glad we were taking , but we were taking a very big step here .
te	I	We had to seize the day , the hour , the moment and we have no promises for tomorrow , only right now .
te	O	他把枪笔直地伸出去以稳固他的瞄准，并且他正在出汗。
te	I	His tension only increased , but he should have felt good at his small victory .
te	I	My knees nearly buckle , and his words make me lightheaded .
te	O	布拉德利却不喜欢他的语气，并且他的态度是不可接受的。
te	O	她发现难以深呼吸，并且她的心跳得太快，她害怕他能听到。
te	O	我很高兴他在开玩笑，但是我仍然会畏缩。
te	O	这不是杀死伯恩的那种野蛮能量，并且也不是那男孩对她做的任何事。
te	I	We must conserve our strength , but it is too far to run though that would be our best chance .
te	I	I kept my hand on him , but his back bristled under my fingers .
te	O	他活了过来，并且他需要更多。
te	O	我在房间里又坐了一会儿，但是墙壁似乎在向我逼近。
te	O	我妈妈的嘴巴微微张开，并且她盯着我。
te	I	She didn 't want to tell her now and Amy knew she hadn 't told Charlie .
te	O	他们是一支粗暴的队伍，并且我想知道明天我会留下多少淤青。
te	I	The training was starting to pay off , but the past four weeks had been challenging .
te	I	He kicked Jamie 's shins so hard the weak , little boy fell heavily forward onto the uneven brick floor of the stables , and he roared .
te	I	It looks to me like it was shot down by a US military jet and I 've been digging around .
te	O	海海跳了回去，但是已经太迟了。
te	O	我正站在妈妈的这个节日里，但是 我没有妈妈。
te	I	I wasn 't a moron , but I might have been slow on the uptake when it came to him .
te	I	When it does , they walk across in unison , and hordes of people wait for the light to change .
te	I	I often saw them taking notes in their books and the scientists in their white coats would watch me .
te	O	萨利偷了他们的钢笔，并且 他们追赶他。
te	I	The least said about my back the better and your mother has cried a lifetime 's worth of tears .
te	I	His hand stopped short on a sphere wrapped around his head , but he felt to see what she had fixed over his eyes .
te	O	我试图冷静下来，但是 我的声音听起来仍然很刺耳。
te	O	杰弗里有他的缺点，但是 他并非一无是处。
te	O	是导演穿着蓝色的衣服，并且 一瞬间，一个纯粹是噩梦般的念头掠过简的脑海。
te	O	我可能没有大量的G作经验，但是 我知道我正朝着当场被解雇的方向发展。
te	O	他吮吸着她，渴望更多，但是 已经没有什么可以拿走了。
te	O	她循着声音，并且 她被唤醒了。
te	I	Then she saw the problem , and Nora said .
te	O	凯莉咯咯地笑了，并且我们都跟着效仿。
te	I	The two held each other as they shared their loss and Mike was weeping now .
te	I	I assured him that Papa has the country well in hand , but he talked as if something might happen to us .
te	O	我可能不理解歌词，但是一个好的节拍无需翻译。
te	O	他重复了这个过程，但是仍然没有狗过来。
te	I	She could hardly breathe now , but the urge to run was almost overwhelming .
te	O	他没有注意到地面上的一个凹陷，并且他的右脚掉了进去。
te	I	She closed her eyes and Max pressed the side of his face against her temple .
te	O	我一个也没看到，但是蒂尔告诉我她偶尔会看到它们。
te	I	I 'm glad to see you are armed , but I don 't want you taking any chances .
te	O	他的手臂从她身上垂落，并且他退后了一步。
te	O	她深吸一口气以平息她颤抖的神经，但是她还没有屈服。
te	O	有些话语挤在我的脑海里，但是它们不是能说出来的话。
te	O	已经是傍晚了，并且天气仍然非常温暖。
te	O	一个邪恶的、无名的东西要抓住他了，并且它会从那些门中的一扇进来。
te	I	She couldn 't be sure , but she thought Vane was smiling .
te	I	No one ever asked me , but I liked talking about my job .
te	O	她不舒服，并且她不快乐。
te	O	法庭的门猛地打开了，并且女孩们吓了一跳。
te	O	时间已经过了晚上九点，并且夜幕已经降临迈阿密。
te	O	他摇晃着，努力站稳，并且我忍住了一声尖叫。
te	O	她慈祥地看着她，但是艾米感到了不安。
te	I	His eyes fixed now on me , and he resumed stroking the blade .
te	O	把它切开，并且在一定程度上它会愈合，不像尸体那样。
te	O	伊莱沙哑的声音环绕着我，并且我感觉自己无法呼吸。
te	O	查理的真实身份是个秘密，但是她的存在本身就让周围的每个人都陷入危险。
te	I	The third ran and two men fell .
te	I	She wasn 't sure how he 'd react to all this , and he was a key element .
te	I	She loves you , but I know you are concerned that Corinne may not want to travel with us because she has a baby .
te	I	She put a hand on the woodpile to steady herself , and even that small movement made her head swirl with vertigo .
te	I	He didn 't , but he wanted to sink his head into his hands .
te	I	I 'd driven off on that note and we had shared a few choice words .
te	O	我不认识他们，但是我怀念生活中曾有他们的日子。
te	O	我想相信他们，但是这需要一个奇迹。
te	O	他把车停到路边问道，并且我跳下了车。
te	I	Every month he receives a check from Social Security and he did retire from the citrus crate repair shop .
te	I	They were understandable but her words were as if she had to concentrate to speak them .
te	I	As I look around the room , I realize how many different variations of one color there actually are , but my heart sinks .
te	O	嗯，他不如把该说的话都说了，并且祈祷她事后不会茫然地盯着他。
te	O	然而，我的大脑一片空白，并且我僵住了。
te	I	She fought it , holding the darkness at bay , but panic crept in to the edges of her brain .
te	O	嗯，我也不喜欢，但是你知道吗？
te	I	My breaths begin to come in short gasps and my heart is racing .
te	O	克莱尔眨了眨眼，看向他，并且伊芙瞪大了眼睛，摇了摇头。
te	O	他们告诉她霍华德因为公事要飞离小镇，但是她能从他们的眼中看出来。
te	O	这确实不怎么样，但是她不能告诉顾客这一点。
te	O	有趣的是他提到了钱，因为这家高档脱衣舞俱乐部不便宜，但是除非必要，我不会指出来。
te	O	为了得到她想要的，她无所不用其极，并且他知道这一点。
te	O	我的心不愿说出，并且我的耳朵不愿听到，即使是出自我的嘴。
te	I	Then T.J. was assigned to head this critical assignment , and the first three were amazing .
te	I	I asked anyway , but I knew I could guess the answer to the following question .
te	I	She rummaged about in it , producing four candles , and she had a shopping bag at her feet .
te	I	I knew when an opponent was nervous and I knew how to read an opponent .
te	O	考虑到她刚刚打断了吻，我知道我们不会发生性关系，但是她没有要求穿短裤。
te	I	Six had left for various reasons but they had started with 12 recruits .
te	O	她毫无生气，并且他无法忍受看到她的眼睛那样。
te	I	I can only tell you what we hear , which is that they have nothing , and we have good sources within the police .
te	I	As a result she was able to coax generous contributions from them to the sanatorium , and Tess Moran knew men who mattered .
te	I	They were consumed with worry over the state of their souls , and they believed in original sin , certain they were born sinful .
te	I	I suddenly wondered just how secure that dress was , and jess took a deep breath .
te	O	大部分野生动物都被驯化了，并且从空中很少能看到它们。
te	I	All of a sudden my heart is numb again and my voice is small in the large hospital suite .
te	I	They met at the elevator , and her luck hadn 't improved .
te	I	With his arms around the thing , he looked more like he was hugging it , but he was scratching the dog behind the ears .
te	I	He felt he should say something , but a meaningless confirmation , he thought .
te	O	一个小客厅里挤满了人，并且家具被推到了一边。
te	O	他张开嘴要说话，但是Cricket摇了摇头。
te	O	我本该穿好衣服而不是穿着睡衣下来，但是我就是没有足够的精力去做更多。
te	O	路线蜿蜒穿过乡村，并且它的美几乎令人分心。
te	O	亚历山大的眼睛睁大了，并且他被水呛到了。
te	I	The dense growth would slow their progress , make too much noise , but the forest to either side offered better protection .
te	O	我检查了它们，并且它们是完全安全的。
te	O	我提取了我正在寻找的文件夹，并且一旦我找到了那张印度文物的照片，我就把它给他看了。
te	I	He sensed her terror , but her voice was stifled .
te	I	Brax is the first person I 've ever allowed inside , and it 's my sanctuary , my escape from the big bad world out there .
te	O	她曾告诉他她睡得更好了，并且现在，这里有证据证明她没有。
te	O	她的手紧紧抓住扶手，并且她开始走下台阶。
te	I	He picked it up , and his home phone rang .
te	I	His cool lips ever so briefly brush my cheek with gentle kisses , but I don 't know if it is my vulnerability that touches him .
te	I	To see any man charred to death was more nauseating than satisfying , but Goat had done terrible things .
te	O	他们的权力现在当然已经被削弱了，但是他们仍然设法举办最棒的派对。
te	O	她半笑着说，并且笑声在桌子周围爆发。
te	O	这是朱莉唯一能想到的，并且她的脸颊开始泛红，就像莉亚的脸颊一样。
te	O	我用马来缓解这种疯狂，但是两季之间，我几乎无法控制它。
te	O	她按下了遥控器上的一个小按钮，并且门砰地关上了，切断了所有音乐的痕迹。
te	O	晕倒将是摆脱这一切的完美方式，但是以我的运气，等我恢复过来，他们只会再举办一场舞会。
te	O	事故发生至今已逾3个月，并且我看不到任何缓解的迹象。
te	O	你认为你是上帝赐予女性最棒的礼物，并且你错了。
te	I	The pain streaking like wildfire down her arm , and slowly she became aware of her ragged breathing .
te	I	My throat constricted around each one , but I opened my mouth , attempting to pry words to the surface .
te	O	我在这里住了两个月，天气已经从夏天转为秋天，并且我竟然都没有注意到。
te	I	Still it was a long-awaited start , but of course , the answer made no sense whatsoever .
te	O	我的目光顺着她手指的方向看去，但是我只看到了我认识的孩子们。
te	O	她本可以处理好的，但是情况变得更糟了。
te	O	他是一只非常聪明的狗，而且这种行为不像他。
te	O	我拼命想把自己撑起来，但是毫无用处。
te	O	我很难过达妮埃拉不打算来了，但是当然她有自己的生活要过。
te	O	烤箱计时器响了，并且我赶紧把纸杯蛋糕拿出来。
te	I	That was all , and he gave a civil nod to someone in passing .
te	I	They 're feeding as well but I may be feeding off their blood .
te	O	我能感觉到埃里克的一部分压在我的背上，而且他并没有站得那么近。
te	I	The blinds were closed and the curtains were drawn .
te	I	I don 't know what they want , but something is happening .
te	O	他变得占有欲强，到了令人无法忍受的程度，嫉妒，甚至对他的妃嫔也是如此，并且在利亚出现之前，他从未给她理由产生这种荒谬的情绪。
te	I	This person was trying to track him down and Mr. Layton didn 't return the car yesterday .
te	O	他退缩了，仿佛它会击中他们，而且如果飞船没有关闭引擎，它就会击中他们。
te	O	它在我脑海中一闪而过，并且我想知道那是否是一个警告。
te	I	I see the ground quaking and I watch the ground around them .
te	O	我想再次反对他，但是谎言却卡在我的喉咙里，因为我确实想要诺瓦。
te	I	I just hope she believes that and I hate keeping things from her .
te	I	The soap was supposed to purify her and Jenny was desperate to change her life .
te	O	我试图合拢双手祈祷，但是我的手臂却感觉被束缚了。
te	O	漏斗裂开了，而且佐伊一度以为一切都结束了。
te	O	这会很痛苦，但是她现在觉得与他人分享她的痛苦是安全的。
te	I	I still had to find the silver Sword but I guessed that the Serpent was here now .
te	I	She won 't be able to sneak out with Sean and she will have to stay with me .
te	I	I loved the way it swirled around my legs , and the length of the dress shimmered when I moved .
te	I	This time I read from top to bottom and I looked again .
te	O	我是捕食者，并且他是猎物。
te	O	它击中了他的额头，并且他像一块石头一样倒下了。
te	O	他是我的选择，并且因此，与他完全赤裸是很轻松的。
te	I	I was cleaning the kitchen and Merrill wandered in while they were eating .
te	I	It is rumored that the boy may have other talents , and the spy for our cousins sent images of this .
te	I	Dive so gracefully did a great deal to ease Laurence 's mind and the uncomplicated pleasure of watching the dragon soar .
te	I	I figured this might just be the cheapest place in all of Tennessee and the floorboards moaned beneath our weight .
te	O	他不知道当他抵达华盛顿特区时他曾期待着什么，但是阿曼达热情的欢迎是一个坚实的开始。
te	I	Susie seems resigned , but the whole point of an anniversary is to be celebrated , not delayed .
te	O	房间摇晃着，并且玻璃碎片四处飞溅，直到一切都归于沉寂。
te	I	Hamish cut him off , but Navarra started to object .
te	I	I did not wince at the sharp , fleeting sting , but I bit my bottom lip hard enough to draw blood .
te	I	A twinge of embarrassment pinched at me as I thought about what I needed to ask them , and they stood talking to one another .
te	I	Realizing he was alarmed , moved towards the hole , and he looked at James ' face .
te	O	到目前为止我穿得和在沙滩上一样多，但是我知道情况会变得更糟。
te	O	他伸出双手，并且手中有一个号角。
te	I	The drawer opened and the clerk punched a few numbers into the cash register .
te	I	I laughed too -- at her use of the word ' basement ' , and she laughed .
te	I	My parents to be told I no longer existed and I lost mine when I allowed myself to die .
te	O	他爱他的主人，但是他们的生命如此短暂，让他感到悲伤。
te	O	玛丽称这些硬币一文不值，但是尼克现在知道了真相。
te	O	多伊尔还在睡觉，并且我轻轻地关上了门。
te	I	I do not know who I am now , and my imprisonment may have destroyed whatever I originally was .
te	O	这现在是他的秘密，并且他需要守护它。
te	O	她又问了一些问题，但是情感上的负担太重了。
te	I	This was her revenge , and he 'd called Buddy .
te	I	I told her I was coming and she cried out my name aloud .
te	O	他的火焰般的头发随着他的虚拟形象消失而熄灭，并且我只剩下盯着布莱恩的真实面孔。
te	O	格雷森也瞪了她一眼，并且亚历克继续通过后视镜狠狠地盯着她。
te	O	它们是强大的生物，是某种超级仿生人形式的机械单位，并且它们能一击将人类粉碎致死。
te	O	是Nathan寄来的，并且这让她震惊。
te	O	我把它重新组装起来，但是它却异常脆弱。
te	O	他说他没有，并且她相信了他。
te	O	气氛很平静，并且他很享受。
te	I	I didn 't plan on giving her a choice in the matter , but I knew she wasn 't going to want to take it .
te	O	他或许可以用他的符文穿过那扇门，但是我不在乎。
te	I	That 's beside the point , but you 're probably the most beautiful woman in the world .
te	I	I feel suddenly like everything might turn out right after all and my heart warms .
te	I	I am the Prince and that is obviously cheating !
te	I	It 's easy to blend into the crowds of people there , but it 's not my favorite spot .
te	O	她穿过了那扇双开门，并且他就无法专注于其他任何事了。
te	O	我在它后面蹲下来，并且她在我旁边安顿下来。
te	O	以这种方式旅行更昂贵，但是我想要隐私来充分欣赏我的小冒险。
te	I	A thin layer of soot covered his face and a fresh red cut split his cheek in two .
te	O	她很固执，但是她也很明事理。
te	I	I promised I would , and she told me to call her the following week .
te	I	They all let out a laugh and after a moment his flash turned into a twinkle .
te	I	I didn 't need much convincing , and it had been a long day .
te	O	他看不清一个清晰的轮廓，但是他立刻意识到他面对的是一位神。
te	I	I had more important things to do , but normally I 'd have said something to help .
te	O	他可能不是她应得的男人，但是他确实是她需要的男人。
te	I	He had expected a swift defeat of Washington City after doing so , and it was the reasoning behind his move to the Ancients ' side .
te	O	她可能期望他接下来去探寻她黑色卷发下的宝藏，但是他想把那个留到最后。
te	O	当我走进办公室向玛丽打招呼时，她脸红了，并且我的后颈开始感到刺痛。
te	O	我回想起生活简单的时候，并且我是一个努力应对日常琐事的青少年。
te	I	It smelled like the stale hockey gear he piled in a corner after his Sunday games , but his was homey in a lived-in way .
te	O	纳森看起来不高兴，但是她认为他暂时会保持沉默。
te	O	我爱上了那种生活方式，并且我也让自己像他一样相信，我某种程度上配得上它。
te	O	罗文问，并且斯蒂芬妮点头。
te	O	我们的舰队支离破碎，并且中央安全部队数量庞大。
te	I	I love her so much and I trust her .
te	O	自从它开业以来，我一直想参观它，但是进去很贵。
te	I	He did , and I paid the cabbie extra to get me to the hospital faster .
te	O	这不会容易，但是可以做到。
te	O	布料低到足以露出她的乳沟，并且下摆勉强及大腿中部。
te	I	Her mouth tight and her eyes wide .
te	I	I was excited , but the others groaned .
te	I	I do without argument and Eva guides me to sit back down on the couch .
te	O	她逃脱了进一步的审问，并且我看着的时候，她的全身都放松了。
te	I	I can 't keep my brain from thinking about my sister and my head is pounding a rhythm in my ears .
te	I	I clapped her on the back , almost sending her tumbling into Alexei 's lap , but Rory started to open her mouth again .
te	O	我的下一个任务是我一直期待的，但是我现在不确定我是否应该去。
te	O	你两岁，并且我们的父亲去世时我还是个婴儿。
te	I	It was one that fit nonetheless , but it was a terrible name for such a choice defensive force .
te	I	Off they went outside , and she leaned into him just enough to finally send him a signal that told him , Oh , yeah .
te	I	She didn 't wait around to find out , and she couldn 't see what had alarmed him .
te	I	Eventually the streets took him , and took to the bottle .
te	I	He would not be able to stop them , no matter what they wanted to do , but he might be frightened .
te	O	灰烬弥漫在空气中，并且炽热的战场上，黑暗的身影四处涌动，发出阵阵轰鸣。
te	O	“那是邦妮——只是邦妮在演戏罢了，”马特想，但是他天生的诚实却冒出来嘲讽他。
te	O	库伦花了一会儿把她安顿在自己腿上，并且他们就出发了。
te	O	她奋力抵抗闯入者，但是记忆无情的冲击却持续不断。
te	O	我把她抱起来，并且她闻起来和我记忆中一模一样。
te	I	I smiled and he laughed .
te	O	我很严厉，并且那是错的。
te	O	哦，艾尔伊，而且他竟然和这些人混在一起？
te	O	她眼中带着惊讶地看着我，但是我知道她明白我在告诉她什么。
te	I	He wants to visit other countries , and he is your nephew , Byron .
te	O	摧毁帝国，并且使整个世界归他所有。
te	I	He leaned forward in his chair , and Coby 's knee began to bounce .
te	O	弗斯停顿了一下，并且加雷斯知道他措手不及。
te	O	他不确定一旦采访播出，这是否足以保住他的工作，但是也许他能保住养老金。
te	I	I did my best to think fast and my fingers were tangled deeply inside Kiran 's wavy locks .
te	I	The store was not much better , but he thought the bathroom was bad .
te	I	I 'd hoped to arrive after the act was completed , but I 'd known I needed to catch him with his pants down .
te	I	She flashed a smile at him as she shrugged her shoulders again , and the attempt at humor was not lost on her .
te	O	莱利已经想明白了，并且现在艾登也毫无疑问地知道了。
te	O	它在呼唤我，但是我不是我！
te	O	他那凸出而探寻的眼睛里充满了不信任，好像他相信她和福利在对他隐瞒什么。
te	O	她的声音带着强烈的警告意味，但是这当然没有阻止他喜欢自己的名字在她唇间响起的方式。
te	I	More eyes on her couldn 't hurt , but it was surprising , just as Eddie had said .
te	I	There were no signs of any trail we could follow , but we followed the main road from there for a while .
te	I	She found the vampire staring at her and her head turned .
te	I	I 'm modeling my new outfits and storm 's making veal parmesan .
te	O	这里出了问题，并且这让我很担心。
te	O	就在我以为自己再也无法承受任何一次失望的时候，我的手机响了，并且Trenton的名字显示在屏幕上。
te	O	Aria回头看了看Noel凝重的表情，但是她没有挥手。
te	I	I felt myself pulling away from him and he looked at me with sad eyes .
te	I	They would listen and he could tell them his life story .
te	I	It was an incredible sight to watch , and Mimi had never seen a ship being salvaged .
te	O	Macy质问道，并且这个问题让正在进行的对话戛然而止，仿佛一个开关被按下。
te	O	他曾像大海般，不知疲倦地冲击着岩石海岸，而这个Jace却是……一条平静的河流，在阳光下闪耀。
te	I	I was comforted by Andy 's arms wrapped tightly around my waist , but the constant tension in my muscles was just this side of unbearable .
te	I	You , on second thoughts , could come with me but he 's busy doing other things as you can see .
te	I	They help us through the day but we don 't always learn their proper names .
te	I	He gave me a short smile , which I returned and I turned to look at him .
te	O	他示意我躺下，并且他坐在了我旁边。
te	I	In some ways I still do , and I lived almost entirely for her approval .
te	O	抵消速度的唯一策略是误导，并且进攻突然呈现出不同的面貌。
te	I	There 's always hope , but it didn 't begin well .
te	I	Soon she would be just as happy as he , but it killed him to know he was the reason for her indifference .
te	O	Sulley试图让我感觉好些，但是我仍然觉得有责任。
te	O	他在学校的行为在过去几周一直表现出色，并且他的成绩本学期也大有提高。
te	I	The car swerved a little again and ashley squealed with excitement .
te	O	那样丢下那个女孩让我内疚不已，但是我们别无选择。
te	I	She didn 't have the strength to ask , but she didn 't know how that could be .
te	I	He had long since neglected his university compatriots , and his work friends were no more , as was his marriage .
te	O	天很快就要黑了，并且我需要检查一些事情。
te	O	我在十楼，并且我对此没意见。
te	O	我眼角瞥见有什么东西动了一下，但是我的注意力立刻集中在梅森的拳头砸向我脸上。
te	O	我离开他们时，他们看起来很困惑，但是我相信他们对逃脱的绝望会促使他们想出办法。
te	O	梅森从未去过那里，但是他学习过。
te	O	房间里一片寂静，并且一瞬间，克莱尔愤怒的决心动摇了。
te	I	This was different , but my heart hasn 't beat in almost ninety years .
te	O	他看着天花板上的固定装置，并且据他所见，它们牢牢地固定在坚实的石头里。
te	I	It takes all my resistance not to touch her , not to run a finger across the exposed skin , and her neck is so inviting .
te	I	The next he was gone , and one day he was there .
te	I	She does not lower her gun , but the Dauntless soldier 's eyes widen .
te	O	他的头浮出水面，并且他终于深吸了一口气。
te	O	我只是哼了一声，或者也许那是一声鼻息。
te	O	那是一项漫长而令人沮丧的工作，并且他们通宵达旦地在应急照明下工作。
te	O	他后退了一步，并且他用一只手抬起她的下巴，迫使她的目光锁定在他身上。
te	O	我们回到了室内，并且杰姆和辛西娅坐在一起，直到那个女人开始打瞌睡，泪水顺着她红肿的脸颊流下。
te	I	Verlaine turned to see Mateo coming toward them , and Nadia lifted her head .
te	I	He said nothing , but I saw him squeeze his fists into his pants .
te	O	楼梯的棱角硌着我的背，并且他的臀部压在我身上的压力让我疼痛，一股股快感传遍我的脊椎。
te	O	杰克的拳头撞上迈克尔的颧骨，并且我听到一声响亮的破裂声。
te	I	They are not here , but they must be somewhere .
te	I	It could be he wants his freedom as much as I want it for Patrick , but Trick hasn 't tried to escape .
te	O	马修无法确定，但是那具尸体，在牛仔周围他所能看到的部分，似乎没有被烧焦。
te	O	她确实悲痛过，但是这种悲痛被他所愿的认知所冲淡了。
te	O	我对蘑菇不感兴趣，并且我也不喜欢森林。
te	I	I smiled at him , and he turned almost guiltily .
te	O	我是雇来的帮手，但是我却没有得到任何报酬。
te	O	所有学生都停止了记笔记，并且他的老师也中途停止了讲课。
te	I	Buster remained quiet as he saw tears coming to Dillon 's eyes and he replied .
te	O	我不被允许触摸，但是我却可以尽情地看。
te	O	最终加勒特松开了手，并且一声尖叫从我嘶哑的肺部深处爆发出来，在峡谷的墙壁上回荡。
te	I	The sun is angled low in the sky , and when next I open my eyes , the horse has stopped moving .
te	I	She knew she could meet several eligible bachelors and she had a beautiful new gown to wear .
te	I	She really wished he wouldn 't and Douglas was still regarding her rather closely .
te	I	He lay down with a long sigh , and I climbed off him for a moment .
te	I	He could only detect the location of a few security cameras and there was no one in the hall .
te	O	那与事实相去甚远，但是我喜欢他对我那样想。
te	O	他又把手插到脑后，但是她却看见它在颤抖。
te	O	我知道你不想说话，但是如果你愿意，我会听的。
te	O	他问，语气依然随意，但是他的重心却转向了我。
te	O	我记得钉子扎进巴拉德脖子的样子，并且整个场景开始循环重演。
te	I	I will not roast sitting outside and I go sit out on the balcony , knowing that the sun is now behind the taller buildings .
te	I	Karou covered his hand with hers , pressing it to her cheek , and he reached for her face .
te	O	我的胃猛地一沉，并且我的呼吸加快了。
te	O	也许里格尔能够早点离开，而且即使他不能，我也太兴奋了，无法待在房间里。
te	I	I felt a tremor of apprehension and the wind was suddenly cold .
te	O	他首先读了这首诗，并且在对这首烂诗发表评论后，他把它放到了桌子上。
te	I	No real damage was done to the wall , but the area that he had caught with his heel crumbled slightly .
te	O	我的情绪现在一片混乱，并且我无法清楚地思考。
te	O	这是朝着正确方向迈出的一步，并且她必须为此感到庆幸。
te	I	They rode up to Gregor 's hall , and for once the elevator wasn 't broken .
te	I	For some reason it really did , but it shouldn 't matter to her .
te	I	He 's never going to change , and he 's set in his ways .
te	O	我思考了一下，并且我的心情变得严肃起来。
te	I	This time she really did smile , and Nadia 's father opened the door .
te	I	He was a bit taller , but Sir Brian Sloan was the same sort of man .
te	O	她还挺喜欢他的，但是如果她同意和他共进晚餐，她就知道他会期待什么了。
te	I	I cried out , and the third set the cheek on fire .
te	O	凯蒂在晚饭时间回到了房间，并且我告诉了她发生了什么。
te	O	我从来都不是一个真正受欢迎的家伙，但是我也不是书呆子。
te	O	我应该尽快继续我的搜寻，但是好奇心驱使我向前，走向那个呼唤埃里克的人。
te	I	That was when I got nervous again , and he kept moving south .
te	O	你看到了那些吱吱作响的生物，然而你却没有跳开！
te	O	我知道我的想法是基于我自己的男子气概，但是根据她的外表，我以为她会是个没头脑的人。
te	O	他需要和专业人士谈谈，并且他认识的唯一一个人就是医生。
te	I	When Kylie looked it in the eyes , she knew and the coarse hair on its back stood up .
te	I	He doubled over falling to the floor , groaning while everyone else laughed , and she jammed her elbow back , getting him in the gut .
te	O	玛丽亚会想见你，并且她会很乐意回答你的问题，让你知道这过去二十年发生了什么。
te	O	将她的脸朝向晴朗的天空并且什么也不想。
te	I	There 's enough light that I can see Jack 's lips part slightly , but it 's dark in the tunnel .
te	O	现在他终于可以给她应有的关注了，但是他不需要卡拉作为他的听众。
te	O	我们结婚没多久，并且也没有孩子可以继承。
te	O	半个街区外的街角有三个妓女在拉客，但是马蒂想要露辛达。
te	O	杰弗里把她的生活变成了地狱，而且他对她也好不了多少。
te	I	It was also in danger of flying apart , but Everything was coming together .
te	O	老实说，我有点抓狂了，但是结果我只是个白痴。
te	O	他一直想抓住那只空闲的手，并且他终于做到了这一点；对我来说是个坏消息。
te	I	I moved with it , and the line moved forward .
te	I	The pleasure of her touch was too intense , but the command came with authority .
te	O	格雷奋力倾听，但是酸液灼烧着他的意识。
te	I	He would do that too , and he was sworn to keep the peace .
te	O	我努力保持镇定，但是我无法抑制自己的情绪。
te	O	我怀疑你不知道什么是淫笑，但是你现在正在那样做。
te	O	这可能是一次澳洲野犬的袭击，并且他需要得到保护。
te	O	我失去了我的儿子，并且我失去了布雷克。
te	I	Then he stepped toward me , and Nick looked back to Zeke .
te	O	他的胸口疼痛剧烈，但是他其他地方没有受伤。
te	I	I spun to face him and Preston rose to his feet .
te	I	She didn 't know why , and he still hadn 't eaten .
te	O	我与其中一人对视，并且他示意他的同事们走向我。
te	I	She did not tolerate any laxity in cleanliness and she ran the little kitchen like the redheaded tyrant she was .
te	I	It never really translated things accurately anyway , and the translation module was just a further kick to his ego .
te	O	这不是集市日，但是我 known at least one of the shops we were looking for would be open anyway。
te	I	They found him with a bullet in the head and he was missing for about two weeks .
te	I	The urgency wasn 't , but the words were indistinct .
te	I	It crackled with age , and he carefully opened it .
te	O	他看着我，并且我摇了摇头。
te	I	They needed the permits to break into the city sewer systems and the solution came when they were breaking ground on a new building .
te	I	As swiftly gone and quickly come .
te	I	Liz thought about leaving early anyway , and Chris disappeared for a second to get another beer .
te	I	The sound , whatever it was had stopped , and he could see nothing .
te	I	The rain had stopped but it was still overcast .
te	I	I realized someone was singing softly , and the hand on my hair moved to my back .
te	O	他留着修剪整齐、夹杂着灰白的胡子，而且他的头发剪得很短。
te	O	壁炉在对面，有一个圆形的石制炉膛，并且烟真的从屋顶的一个洞里冒了出去。
te	I	I scowled in revulsion when I figured it out , and it took me a moment to figure out what the hell they were talking about .
te	I	You need the fifty-five cents for each mile to feed the hamsters that keep it going and you drive a piece of junk like I do .
te	I	She looked at me with clear eyes , and all traces of her tears were gone .
te	I	I was going stir crazy , and she 'd been out of my sight for around five minutes .
te	I	Yet they gave it and he didn 't deserve their devotion .
te	I	That was nothing new , but the police had nothing .
te	O	他的眼睛异常疏远，并且她无法从他的脸上读出任何东西。
te	O	我所要做的就是和接待员谈谈，并且她就全盘托出了。
te	O	反正我孕期不长，而且不到一年我又怀孕了。
te	O	我们已经把营地完美地布置成了一个工作环境，而且他们一定知道迪米特里的组织是为了拯救狼群。
te	I	I secretly feel sorry for her , but I smile back , reassuringly .
te	I	Dane will write down the ear tag number on the sample and Derrick will draw the blood .
te	O	我们掌握了整个场地的详细信息，而且我们确实知道我们要去哪里。
te	I	Instead his stepfather shook his head , but he fully expected Warren to agree .
te	I	That 's too low , and Three hundred a month .
te	I	The origin of whatever righteousness we possess , and Angels are our mystical source of power .
te	O	他把手滑到我臀部下方，将我抱了起来，并且我突然就到了正好能亲吻他的高度。
te	I	In the end he had made her like this , and there had only been one other man that had ever looked at her like that .
te	I	It was close , but it wasn 't inside of the apartment .
te	I	For the first time Sarah considered that maybe the grouch had a point and sister Joseph voiced her opinion .
te	I	Soon , very soon , I will be the one laughing , but I 'm sure it is laughing up a storm .
te	O	我的西班牙语远不如特雷的流利，但是我很确定他就是那么说的。
te	O	她告诉他们她能对付得了他，并且她做到了。
te	I	Now , he refused to listen to his guide 's warnings but he drove his troops across the open plains of Greenland 's .
te	O	泪水随时都可能出卖他，并且他咬紧嘴唇，以免颤抖。
te	O	我的膝盖在颤抖，并且我的心跳加速。
te	O	达米恩一路都在追踪，并且他不喜欢这样。
te	O	我把我的灵魂都献给他了，并且他冒雨离开了。
te	I	He knew he 'd never forget her , and Grace had made a huge impact on his life in the very short time he 'd known her .
te	I	They are not going to find us here but we all have family somewhere -- maybe here in New York , maybe in other places -- .
te	I	I wonder how he could think there is something to analyze in that question , and my dad stares at him for a long time .
te	O	我试着画了一会儿草图，但是我对此也感到沮丧。
te	I	He didn 't even have a yard , and Howard sure noticed her .
te	O	我旁边突然一声喘息导致图像再次移动，并且我看到了一个再熟悉不过的景象。
te	O	我畏缩了一下，并且我很高兴他正面向火堆。
te	O	这天刚刚开始，而且就已经是一场灾难了。
te	I	All eyes looked to the monitor where a fire control display was shown and the projectile was lost against the blackness of space .
te	I	The others will ever be and I am safer than you .
te	I	I dropped to the ground , and a sob shook my body .
te	I	No one pays attention , but he dramatically points down .
te	I	I pushed the image back and a vision of Twenty-two 's bloody face flashed in front of my eyes .
te	O	这不健康，并且也不是一段关系开始的好方式。
te	I	He was relentless once set on a path , and he did .
te	O	我点头，思忖着事情会如何发展，但是知道他是对的。
te	O	我显然拖慢了他的速度，但是他一直跟着我。
te	O	我挣扎着想摆脱他对我的控制，但是我却无法挪动分毫。
te	O	她试图去抓他，但是她身边却空无一物。
te	I	Chase didn 't mind it but it was bustling with people .
te	O	关于作者，我是本·布雷克，并且我希望你喜欢我的特洛伊故事第一卷。
te	I	No one would take that away from her and she was in charge .
te	O	他听过简短版本，但是现在他正在听到血腥的细节。
te	I	After scanning our faces for a moment , he wisely decided not to argue , but Malik was obviously surprised .
te	I	Me as wide as the Atlantic and he 's already created a wedge between Wes .
te	O	对她来说，现在事情可能并没有变得更容易，并且我希望她能得到所有力所能及的帮助。
te	I	The rafters slung low , but the ceiling was high .
te	O	他可能永远不是一个合群的人，但是他不再害怕人群了。
te	I	I didn 't care and I didn 't know .
te	O	他不敢相信，并且眼泪顺着他的脸颊流了下来。
te	O	他的深色头发在他苍白的脸庞周围卷曲着，并且他的眼睛非常大，非常黑。
te	O	它不安地停了下来，并且阿列克谢·瓦西里酋长走了出来。
te	O	她的手处于一个尴尬的角度，但是她不能冒险失去这个机会。
te	O	几个队友朝我们喊了一声，并且我拍了拍盖奇的肩膀，把他推向他们。
te	I	I was doing my best to decipher their conversation , because I couldn 't imagine one thing Aly needed to say to him , and Aly blinked .
te	O	它是铁制的，并且戒指的顶部，也就是宝石通常所在的地方，有一个凸起的手形印记。
te	O	她已神志不清，不怎么在乎他说了她什么，但是基特脸上的表情说明了一切。
te	O	当艾萨克瞥向她时，他们的目光相遇了，并且在最短暂的一秒内，他看到了她脸上奇怪的表情。
te	I	I wasn 't so lucky , but such a charge rarely works .
te	I	Suddenly a door in front of them burst open , releasing a cloud of steam , but they had almost reached the bend in the hall .
te	O	受害者尖叫起来，并且阿尔泰发现自己向前冲去，无法克制，对这种肆意的残忍感到愤怒。
te	O	他一进门就让她离开了椅子，抱在了怀里。
te	O	这很难成功，但是值得一试。
te	O	房间里涌动着力量，并且这股力量有着微妙的不同。
te	I	They certainly didn 't have a problem in the bedroom but they might have a lot of issues with his pack .
te	I	His torso narrowed to a lean waist , but Dylan 's shoulders were wide .
te	O	他向前移动，同时辨明方向，并且他最终看到了售票亭。
te	O	我现在已经观看这场比赛六年了，并且我从未见过任何人像你一样撞车这么多次。
te	O	他轻轻地拉了拉我的手，并且我们急忙往出口走去。
te	I	Maybe he didn 't really want to kiss me either , or maybe he felt me go stiff .
te	O	我不确定我是否相信我自己的话，并且我确定泽尔不相信。
te	O	空气现在很热，但是我能够呼吸它。
te	O	她没有站起来，并且我们没有拥抱。
te	O	她把手机举起来，手在颤抖，但是窗户是空的。
te	I	He never does but I linger outside the classroom door for a while , waiting for Will to return .
te	I	She laid her head against his chest and her left arm locked around Reuben .
te	O	我确定她知道这些词的意思，但是它们似乎并没有困扰她。
te	O	他们本应建设，但是他们却只会拆毁。
te	I	Saber flicked it off and the monitor went dark .
te	O	我的身体向他绷紧，每一块肌肉都如此，但是我明白我现在什么也帮不了他。
te	I	I drop my head onto his shoulder , and he slides an arm around my waist .
te	I	I sure am homesick but Life is good here .
te	I	So haunted they made his chest hurt and her eyes were that same honey shade .
te	O	他看起来真心很高兴，而且他的好心情也感染了我。
te	I	I am too , and I know you 're concerned about what 's going on out there .
te	O	瑞格尔跪了起来，但是我把他拉了回去，现在我害怕到不再把看见作为首要任务。
te	I	Kylie looked up just as Derek walked in and the door opened .
te	O	我们已经为此工作了好几个小时，而且我终于掌握了窍门。
te	O	他伸出手，而且我爸爸握了握。
te	I	She shot a quick glance his way before focusing on Lorcan once more , and Keira 's lips trembled .
te	I	He 's not tough , not at all , but Tex was a handsome man , still is .
te	O	我的胃在翻腾，而且我的眼皮沉重地垂着。
te	I	There was no one there , but I looked up , expecting to see Raphael on the other side of the counter .
te	O	莎延娜说了，但是她知道。
te	O	其中大部分是他为她哥哥工作的时候，但是格温认为那个事实没有必要透露。
te	O	她做完了，但是哈利没有。
te	O	我不会退缩，并且我不会放弃。
te	O	我知道他已经和别人开始过了，但是我记不起那些无关紧要的序曲，尤其是在我大脑因疲惫而混沌不清的时候。
te	I	I knew it , and I was blathering .
te	O	我仍然没有减速，而且如果说有什么变化的话，我反而加速了。
te	I	Her hands were clenched and her face was red with anger .
te	I	If he did , Argos would never see it coming , and he knew he could enter them fast enough .
te	O	看到他们的兄弟倒下，他们发起了攻击，而且她不得不自卫。
te	O	他的问题看似随意，但是她感受到了其中蕴含的浓厚兴趣。
te	I	She merely nodded and her skin broke out in chill bumps .
te	O	艾克的家人很亲密，而且他们互相扶持。
te	I	It was his sickness that eventually brought them together , but I think she felt something for him before that .
te	O	他已经受够了，并且他确信她也刚达到崩溃的边缘。
te	O	我认为他们强奸了我，但是我无法确定。
te	I	He remained constant , yet centuries had passed before his eyes .
te	I	They looked haunted , worried , but Sharon 's eyes met hers .
te	I	He found himself smiling at her and tenderness toward her rose in him .
te	I	I hope we can continue to see each other , and you 're a special lady .
te	O	托比对这些措辞感到震惊，并且谁又说过他有什么疑虑了？
te	I	He never really got well , but he wasn 't badly hurt by it .
te	I	She was so strong , but she struggled against the other woman .
te	O	我的身体因颤抖而疼痛，并且我哭得非常厉害，都想吐了。
te	I	He hadn 't used anything in it , but he still had his little Wal-Mart bag .
te	O	本在几分钟后开始了会议，并且肖恩在塞斯旁边找了个座位。
te	O	她一生中从未做过那样的事，而且她热爱它的每一秒。
te	I	I was already on my way over the hill , but Ava swallowed .
te	O	我没有钱接受教育，并且我也无法获得学分来接受教育。
te	I	Despite everything , her inner core contracted with yearning , and his entire body shivered in response .
te	O	塞莱斯特号倾斜了，并且圆顶翻转了。
te	I	Alec barely seemed to notice , but each one struck a target .
te	I	I looked at her , and mom laughed at something David said .
te	O	汗水顺着她的背部流下，并且她开始觉得也许她穿得太多了。
te	O	我猜他对当地人不满意，并且他一直在给联邦调查局制造麻烦。
te	I	The image wouldn 't come , but Sarah tried to imagine Nick without his curly black hair tied back in a queue .
te	I	I could see him curious , but he avoided looking at me .
te	I	I collapse in a heap , and my legs buckle beneath me .
te	O	他喝了足够多的酒，直到痛苦消散了一些，但是那些愚蠢的风精灵仍然在他身边。
te	O	碰撞的冲击力使我的左臂一阵颤抖，并且我竭尽全力才抓住我的盾牌。
te	I	Honestly , it made me uncomfortable , and his compliment seemed superficial .
te	O	她的肤色晒得发亮，并且她的金发看起来几乎是白色的。
te	O	他现在几乎可以正常说话了，并且他拄着拐杖走得好多了。
te	O	她感受到了他深深的悲伤，但是他内心有一种接受，对未来完全的接受。
te	I	I noted underlying fondness in his tone , but regis shook his head .
te	I	It felt so good , but she was begging again , pleading .
te	O	他们知道我在休息，并且那意味着摆脱一切，包括他们在内。
te	I	Her soft skin invited his touch and her blue-black curls felt like silk against his face .
te	I	It was way past my curfew and I was stranded .
te	I	His chest rose as he drank me in and the kisses slowed .
te	I	The awareness seemed angrier now , but this wasn 't news , since their judgment had been present from the first .
te	I	There were a million other reasons why getting involved wasn 't advisable , but for some reason I believed he wouldn 't sack me .
te	I	Without thought he stood up angrily , and Shawn had seen too much disapproval today .
te	O	迈克尔按了一个按钮，并且后备箱弹开了。
te	O	她想问那在哪儿，但是睡意已经袭来了。
te	I	I pull that on as well , and he hands me a military cap .
te	I	The rush hour was over and it was midmorning by now .
te	O	我想我看到冰箱里有一些奶酪，而且他还有一袋薯条。
te	I	She pressed herself against him in a hard hug and her arms wrapped around his neck .
te	O	我的手指渴望触碰他，但是我把它们放在身体两侧。
te	I	My stomach pitched and my face burned .
te	I	I 'd probably have done the same if I was you , but it makes me feel like shit you couldn 't tell me .
te	O	他的双腿仍然酸痛，但是他可以毫不退缩地站立。
te	O	老妇人听到了他的脚步声，她看到他时眼睛睁大了。
te	O	杰克·康举起双手，并且人群安静了下来。
te	I	The lights were dark , and there was no car in the drive .
te	O	我找到了附近最后一根木棍，并且我们一起站了起来。
te	I	Fluttering wings obscured the view and tents were crumpled to the ground .
te	O	她是对的，并且我很荒谬。
te	I	I can smell the scent of wildflowers that always reminds me of you , and I can almost feel you beside me as I write this letter .
te	O	我也喜欢你，并且我也害怕。
te	I	He wants you there to help him , and Dad falls off the roof .
te	O	阴影再次出现在他的脸上，但是他绕过桌子。
te	O	我勉强撑成坐姿，但是站起来已力不从心。
te	I	A familiar passage jumped out at me , and suddenly my eyes stopped .
te	I	For chance , he might have been Lord of Holden , but he found it hard to accept that .
te	I	I suddenly felt unwelcome , and the tension in the room seemed to build with each word that left Devon 's mouth .
te	O	他的嘴唇抿紧了，并且他的脸涨红了。
te	O	她在那里，并且她很孤独。
te	O	当他们走到门口时，拉德克利夫把门猛地打开，并且查理差点把那个可怜的女孩塞进去。
te	O	他话音刚落，门就滑开了，并且弗格斯走进了房间。
te	O	她的双臂交叉着，并且她的下嘴唇噘着，一副完全生气的样子。
te	O	它看起来非常重，并且摸起来很烫。
te	I	She was reminded that she 'd always liked him and his mouth curved .
te	O	埃里克感到他的眼睛变成了变形者的样子，并且伊奥娜的眼睛也随之闪变成了变形者的样子。
te	O	我已经等你七百多年了，并且我会永远等你。
te	O	我从未见过他，但是如果他们说的是真的，你就不想惹他。
te	O	他的戏服被树皮勾住了，并且他不得不将其扯开。
te	I	I know how to adjust for that , but there 's no verb in the statement .
te	O	看来我们把他们弄糊涂了，并且他们正在决定如何回应。
te	O	我将能够看到你多年来通过望远镜一直在研究的东西，但是我将能够近距离地看到它们。
te	I	I didn 't , but I should have .
te	I	That was something Zane just wasn 't equipped to handle , and flashbacks meant military .
te	O	我不认为他做了，但是 我没有表达那个看法。
te	I	She loved it just the same , but that was not a pretty sight .
te	O	我内心的疼痛感觉太真实了，而且 我真的无法想象它会消失。
te	I	It was quiet for a long time and the rumbling stopped .
te	O	他按照命令待在他的有盖的箱子里，但是 他们一定闻到了他，知道他是一只巨大的野兽。
te	I	Some Shifter women spread it around , but not all liked to go roaming .
te	I	To get the confrontation out of the way but there was nothing for it .
te	I	People applauded and I slammed my fist down on the podium .
te	O	怪物正在接管，但是 怪物感觉不到疼痛，所以 巴尔萨泽接受了它。
te	I	Kari cursed the fact she was a terrible liar , and the witch raised a skeptical brow .
te	O	但丁问道，而且 他的呼吸只是稍微有点吃力，尽管他已经背着我五分钟了。
te	I	He brings it to his mouth , kissing the mark there , and his other hand reaches to take my scarred wrist .
te	O	我仍然感到脾气暴躁，而且 人群是我最不想应付的事情。
te	I	Miranda caught the gleam of appreciation that made her burn even hotter and he sucked in his breath .
te	O	某种东西今天把她吸引回这里，而且 这不仅仅是出席葬礼的形式。
te	I	The light from the lamppost reflected off the shiny , black horns and he turned his head .
te	O	运营副总裁不再显得那么得意洋洋，但是 他仍然无法把目光从弗兰克身上移开。
te	O	我没有时间选择，但是我的脚还是碰到了他的后腰。
te	O	这就是为什么我以为我把他烧死了，但是他没有死。
te	I	She didn 't contradict me , but Daphne 's black eyes narrowed .
te	I	My hands remain frozen and I reach my bag .
te	O	莱奥知道参宿四的亮度时常变化，但是他关于天象的知识告诉他这次不同。
te	O	我刚想问，但是我的话语中断了。
te	O	兰德开始轻柔地吹着口哨，并且拉菲转过身，用穿透的目光刺向他，立刻认出那曲子是阿黛尔喜欢的。
te	I	A bruise was forming on the outside of his right eye , and one side of his mouth had already begun to swell .
te	I	From here I can 't see inside the shed , but I can see both men in the house through the large windows .
te	O	听到像他这样强大的男人求饶是不可能的，并且有几秒钟，我动摇了。
te	I	The hunt was on and it was just after midnight on the start of day thirteen .
te	I	Only someone who knew him well would have noticed the pain at the edge of his smile , and he shrugged .
te	O	她直视着我，脸上带着一丝笑容，并且我看到她哭过。
te	O	我到达时他已经醒了，并且我很快就了解到我猜对了，他知道昨晚的打斗。
te	O	我不知道你怎么样，但是我们的工作量很重。
te	O	她说服自己，他的吠叫比他的咬伤更危险，但是他冰冷的话语让她另作他想。
te	O	有时候他独自一人，并且他无视她的眼泪，因为她被束缚的身体在他的手中扭动。
te	O	她有一份可观的份额，但是据传这笔数目并不起眼。
te	O	我额外用力踢那个包，并且以一种我知道本没有料到的方式。
te	O	他的嘴唇尝起来是咸的，并且我回吻了他。
te	I	Most of the cars were parked there , and the main entrance was at the front .
te	O	他的脸煞白，并且他看起来好像再过几分钟自己就会晕倒。
te	O	他们会想要方向，并且我们可以在我们航行到我的领地时，给他们提供他们可能很快就会需要的信息。
te	O	我猜测我们回到了我的故乡，但是也许我只是希望那不是真的。
te	O	尸体被烧焦了，并且散发着一股令人作呕的烧焦肉味。
te	I	They were located at posts all over the world , and that was a type of magic portal .
te	O	以前，是我们的团队对抗他们的团队，但是现在，是我们两个人对抗全世界。
te	O	她的气息却无法阻止地飘向了他，并且他的鼻孔因吸入她的香气而张开。
te	O	我能听到里面有马的声音，并且我很惊讶地看到我十五岁的弟弟詹姆斯骑着马从谷仓里出来。
te	I	He relaxed with a long sigh and the scent made him think of high mountain meadows in springtime .
te	O	他们是一群暴徒，但是没有人愿意挑战他们。
te	I	She cupped my head in her hands , and I brushed a kiss against her temple .
te	I	I couldn 't , but I knew I should look up to see if everything was okay .
te	O	我上的学校有很多欺凌者，并且我个人的劲敌是一个名叫珊妮丝的肥胖恶霸。
te	I	Your ability to memorize useless information is going to totally hook in some guy , and you 're easy on the eyes , if a little skinny .
te	I	I was fighting to hold back the tears and that stinging in my eyes was happening again .
te	O	这次有很多人，并且有一个婴儿让他们围着团团转。
te	O	我不知道为什么，但是这个问题在我看来具有象征意义，就像如果我们回去，我在表达一些细微的遗憾。
te	I	I didn 't care for the implications of that , and we came across some mossy human bones , however .
te	O	凯西想起了她的祖母，并且话语在她脑海中回荡。
te	I	I smoked more because it was routine than because I had any real addiction , and smoking was a nasty habit .
te	I	She squeezed the trigger and her stomach clenched .
te	I	He was pulling out his own cell phone from his pocket but when I turned back around his eyes were still on me .
te	O	尼尔光滑的双手握住了我的，并且我感到一阵幸福感涌上心头。
te	I	Now she knew that the demon had tricked her , but she had come downstairs to check the electrical panel .
te	O	我的心一阵绞痛，并且我知道我正在做的事情是不健康的。
te	I	Even now , she felt a shiver go through her at the thought of joining with him , and she imagined he was skilled at reciprocal release .
te	O	我想要信息，但是我只愿冒这么大的风险来获取它。
te	O	太多死亡围绕着他，无法允许庆祝，但是他禁不住对能够幸存下来感到某种满足。
te	O	他的名字是赫克托·桑切斯，并且他根本就不是意大利人。
te	O	朱莉把车停在宠物店前，并且深吸了一口气。
te	I	She couldn 't risk causing herself a deeper injury , and her mind was disintegrating .
te	O	律师敦促卡迈恩合作，但是闪烁的荧光灯让他无法集中注意力。
te	O	这种想法的荒谬性让他着迷，并且他的歇斯底里持续着。
te	O	刺痛感沿着我的手臂射向他，并且他躺在那里时猛地一震。
te	O	它的双闪灯亮着，并且引擎盖掀开了。
te	O	我会尽我所能地照顾你和你的家人。
te	O	海水轻轻拍打着木头，并且我凝视着清澈的水面。
te	O	它们都贴有标签，并且她毫不费力地找到了标有她名字的那些。
te	I	He barely heard her but she shrieked .
te	O	河船比火车更有趣，并且我放松下来，足以享受它。
te	O	我与你同在，并且我不会让你死去，他默默发誓道。
te	I	I stepped closer to him , pointing across the road and CHAPTER NINE We turned onto F Street .
te	I	None appeared , but we searched the sea for porpoise .
te	I	She felt someone pulling at her hair from the top of her head , but Anna ran towards the couch .
te	I	He was looking into her large dark eyes , and Jaxon 's impossibly long lashes fluttered , then lifted .
te	O	茱莉亚觉得那很可爱，并且她也觉得她有充分权利触摸他这件事感觉很棒。
te	O	我获得了必要的许可，所以我可以合法携带一个，但是我也对你隐瞒这件事感到内疚。
te	O	他现在正在追求那些女孩，但是谁能说他下一个不会盯上我们呢？
te	I	I don 't understand it and I have a heap of homework to do .
te	O	我告诉了她关于我爸爸的事情以及我到底做了什么。
te	O	它可以像兑现一样轻易地被撕毁，但是她现在不想看到它。
te	I	Selena felt his fixed gaze , but the uniformed man kept silence .
te	O	他用尽全力按压，但是边缘却无法进入。
te	O	我的父亲把手伸进他儿子浅棕色的卷发里，并且我倒吸了一口凉气。
te	O	他给予了另一个人同样的关注，并且我都快要乞求了。
te	I	The front door swung open , and he clicked a button on the remote to his car .
te	O	我认为这也会让他和他的家人对你更加友善。
te	I	They walked down the hall to her bedroom , and the girl took the governess ' hand .
te	O	我知道那时我哭得很丑，但是我不在乎。
te	I	Now I 'm not so sure , but I thought I was looking at him for no specific reason .
te	O	她脸上的笑容带着一丝神秘，并且我感到一阵恐惧。
te	O	她哽住了话语，但是那些话不得不说。
te	I	The scent of roasted rain fish wafted through the humid air , and his mother had a fire going on the shore .
te	O	他知道我戴着他的十字架，并且他现在变得眼眶湿润。
te	I	There was a chance that I might bump into one of them and I hadn 't seen my old services friends for a while .
te	I	The wait took a bit longer than expected and the computer system was busy with something else .
te	O	当时你就算用破拆工具也无法把他从她身边撬开，但是这一次却不同了。
te	O	她在凌晨两点悄无声息地哭了，并且我知道那是因为和我一样的原因。
te	I	He looked sidelong at me with a guilty expression , and he seemed to make the connection only afterward .
te	I	I 'd been seconds from surrendering , and when his warm lips had caressed my neck , it 'd almost been too much .
te	O	萨默塞特离这里不到二十英里，但是 它们却截然不同。
te	O	我这样设定我的心智，以至于我可以走，但是 我必须高效地完成目标。
te	I	None of us looked like ladies , and there were only a few other women sitting down .
te	O	上次我那样做的时候，我去了她的公寓，并且 她再也没有回来。
te	I	He 'd saved her , yet he was a destroyer .
te	I	Rena 's eyes flew once more back to his , and Nick lowered the speed back to a hum .
te	I	This time I thought I saw a hint of disappointment in Alex 's expression , and they exchanged another look .
te	I	I am afraid to look at him and there is utter silence on the terrace .
te	O	我原以为我越了解索耶，他会变得越深沉，但是 威尔却似乎深不可测。
te	I	Weaver didn 't shake it , but he thrust out his hand .
te	O	亚历克斯模糊地感觉到桌面突然在她屁股下面，但是 那是她所能分出的全部注意力了。
te	I	I started feeling as if I was the lone survivor in a bad horror flick and it was so surreal .
te	I	They lurched away , swinging around to head for an opening in the trees and the army specialist threw the vehicle into gear .
te	O	菲奇有很多问题想问证人，但是 他却无法在公开法庭上提问。
te	I	Spencer stilled them with his own and my hands began to visibly shake .
te	I	They had caused him much pain and he had encountered those sticks before .
te	O	她不喜欢那个世界，但是 独自一人在这个世界却让她感到恐惧。
te	O	安德鲁支持凯文，但是 你却吸引了凯文的注意力。
te	O	很快我们到达了边缘，并且我能辨明方向。
te	O	我们都笑了笑，并且我终于走向了电梯。
te	I	She did not resist her but Maggie could see Nicole stiffen .
te	I	She hadn 't reacted well to me being involved with Rose , but I wanted to tell her that it wasn 't that simple .
te	O	剃刀般的尖牙划破了她的皮，并且丝袜的残片脱落了。
te	I	He smiled back , his warm hands coasting lightly around my waist as he pulled me back to him and I grinned at him .
te	O	如果事情没有平息，他就会介入，并且我们谁都不希望那样。
te	I	They were also intended to obscure , but those decorations were intended for beauty .
te	O	她探索的手指触到了一个敏感点，并且那结合她湿润的唇舌环绕着我，实在太多了。
te	O	他的手指轻轻地回握着，并且他没有再做其他回答。
te	O	也许这一切终于结束了，并且我能继续我的生活。
te	I	The panel door opened and the latch was disengaged .
te	I	She was successful in curing some ailments , and word quickly spread of her work .
te	O	有一股轻柔的山风吹过松林，并且我们到达了一个虽然在高处却平坦的区域。
te	I	She hoped that she wouldn 't be around when he did , and she wasn 't sure if Andrew had ready her letter yet .
te	I	I 'm not a cute little boy , and my grandfather isn 't your master nowadays .
te	O	他的硬挺的性器渴望得到我的关注，并且我前倾，焦急地舔了舔嘴唇。
te	I	Many others are loose and some are paper clipped .
te	I	Those same nerves were soothed with just one look from William , and my nerves raced as I waited for the moment to arrive .
te	I	It came from the porch , and the voice was Andrea 's .
te	I	I was ready with the truth , and I knew the question was coming .
te	I	It wasn 't there , but frantic , she patted the pocket of her sweatpants , searching for her cellphone .
te	O	我独自一人在洗手间里，并且走廊尽头的女人不见了。
te	I	They expected that this would not last , but they were left alone by the government .
te	O	你现在很害怕，但是你不会永远这样。
te	I	I was very excited about it , and I had planned a trip to Europe during my three months off that year .
te	I	It didn 't feel hard , but it seemed a great stone slab .
te	I	That could wait until we hit clearer skies , but Chaz had suggested we each take a section of the controls to divide up the work .
te	O	德文一直沉默，直到我说完话，并且随后他就爆发了。
te	I	My body was soaked and my lungs breathed deeply .
te	I	The other is tucked into my sports bra strap and I have an earbud in one ear .
te	O	座椅非常舒适，而且坐垫环绕着我的臀部，仿佛在拥抱我。
te	I	They were getting on her nerves and Alisa yelled back , saying that they were being too loud .
te	I	Her lovely chin rose with courage , but her hazel eyes glinted in fear .
te	I	I looked up into his eyes , and my heart jumped at his endearment .
te	O	它们几乎是他的记忆，但是他认为她从未真正意识到她的故事对他产生的影响。
te	O	从技术上讲，我不需要睡觉，但是我仍然是出于习惯而那样做。
te	O	我不想让他停下来，即使他那令人抓狂的缓慢节奏可能会要了我的命，并且我不安地挪动着双脚。
te	I	I fancied I live up to even exaggerated reports , but it is natural to discount such tales by half .
te	O	我好奇我会如何看待过去的自己，并且我有点想要求看看遗体。
te	O	我为他放低了我的骄傲，而且他就会那样践踏它吗？
te	I	The room was empty , and she opened the door .
te	I	I humbly request some solitude , but I realize that I am intruding .
te	O	我晚上短暂地见过他，但是他似乎没有认出我。
te	I	It seemed sturdy enough , but it was very rusty .
te	I	I would keep my word , and I 'd accepted , though .
te	I	The fire was faster than she was , but howling , she raced toward the door .
te	O	一个念头袭上心头，并且瑟蕾娜把头侧向一边。
te	I	It took time for him to open up again , but it was obvious that she was feeling better .
te	O	我没有，但是我必须为我的客户面面俱到。
te	O	我转身想感谢他，但是门已经关上了。
te	I	I fought the urge to hurl it out of the window and my phone screamed the whole way home .
te	O	电话最终转到她的语音信箱，并且我给她留了一条信息。
te	O	也许其他捆草掉下来了，并且货车因为重量转移而滚动了一段距离。
te	O	周一早上，杰西会带着鲁比去街上吃早午餐，并且他们会讨论任何需要审查的事情。
te	O	她皱着眉，面对着我，并且随后深吸了一口气。
te	I	She didn 't have to like it , but Shannon knew Julian was right .
te	I	His wife nodded to us , and he gave us a quick salute to his temple .
te	I	This prompted my next question to her , and there was something bothering me about what Sarah had done immediately after our hands had parted .
te	O	当她回望着他时，困惑扭曲了她的脸，但是在她来得及回应之前，一道光芒洒向了他们两人。
te	O	我在那里接过他上百次了，但是他总是外面见我。
te	I	When he finished the song , he turned to her , and she thought she heard him breathe a soft sigh , as if in relief .
te	I	I would be a goner and one step too far to the left .
te	O	他们可能还在这里，但是他们食物吃完了。
te	I	The woman said that they could not stake the children because they were not full vampires like their father and they were arguing .
te	I	Bat poo was falling like rain , and there were bats flying around everywhere .
te	I	Her fur stood straight up and her back arched .
te	O	泽维尔的语气变了，并且我仔细地观察着他。
te	O	我正在被某种东西帮助着，并且这对我来说非常清楚。
te	O	老板向另一辆卡车里的另外两名男子示意，并且片刻之后，他们正笨拙地将一具尸体拖上斜坡的陡峭坡道。
te	I	He didn 't look like he believed them , but the words came out of Dean 's mouth .
te	I	I gave them both a disarming smile which they reciprocated , and the woman took the child in her arms .
te	I	It felt nice and their knees touched .
te	O	他们的目光在佐伊身上停留了片刻，并且她能看出他们与众不同。
te	O	我的心在胸腔里怦怦直跳，并且我大汗淋漓。
te	I	The lingering scent was enough to make it seem like I had , but I didn 't think I was able to taste the cake itself .
te	O	她遵从了他不言而喻的命令，并且在他们开车的时候，她试图不引人注意地环顾四周，以便弄清他们要去哪里。
te	I	Her baby curls are oil slick black and her soft skin is the colour of creamy mocha .
te	O	他们没花多长时间就到了酒吧，并且不到一个小时，朱厄尔就已经非常想回家了。
te	I	I did , but I don 't know how I knew that .
te	I	David didn 't want to wait and he was obviously on a call .
te	I	Something got stuck in Lea 's mind , but Lea was exercising as Alonso asked her .
te	O	米娅就坐在那里，并且他坐在了她旁边。
te	I	She let Claire squeeze in beside her , but Eve had already claimed it .
te	I	I stomped them all to hell and the other spiders came at me .
te	O	几分钟过去了，但是我没有动。
te	O	科尔先生望向门口，但是曾来过医院的那两个人已经走了。
te	I	It was early , and I was on my bike .
te	O	她很容易就找到了那本书，并且它非常大。
te	I	I certainly don 't want it and I don 't understand it .
te	I	She 'd hoped that he would come to her , repeating family history , but returning the package he had sent her hadn 't been easy .
te	I	She held onto him tight as he followed , and her body clenched with convulsions .
te	I	The computer went berserk for a few minutes and we ran that through the Homeland Security database .
te	I	Her killer had turned out to be my killer , but I had found Mrs. Randolph 's killer , sure .
te	I	It was definitely not something I had much experience with , but I 'd been writing more personal essay type stuff lately .
te	I	His face grew red and his tone changed .
te	I	The door to their apartment was slightly ajar , but they reached the fifth floor without seeing anyone .
te	O	三名守护者警惕地站在车旁，并且一看到我们，他们就立刻采取了行动。
te	O	带走她的吸血鬼认识她，并且她还没有回来。
te	I	It might also have been his elation , but he 'd almost passed out from the vertigo it caused .
te	I	His stomach lurched inside of him and he felt his throat close up .
te	O	她没有计划，但是她有想法。
te	O	这使他无法动弹，并且他窒息而死。
te	O	她正在对他们大喊大叫，但是她的声音在喧嚣中消失了。
te	I	That was only a few people , but yesterday he made everyone leave .
te	O	她知道她哥哥喜欢按自己的方式做事，但是她从没想过他会走到这一步。
te	O	海文听到他们离开大楼，并且她从衣柜里溜了出来，这次对她的公寓更加震惊。
te	I	I know he worries about us when he 's gone , but it 's been a big hit .
te	O	我跪着，俯首，禁食，忏悔地来到你面前，然而却没有得到任何回应。
te	I	His sharp intake of breath stopped her , but she took one step toward the stairs .
te	O	他在一个魔法阵中，不是用粉笔画的，而是由湿婆的第三只眼造就的。
te	O	另一个守卫胡乱挥舞的攻击也需要招架，并且那人将全部力量都用在了挥击上。
te	O	不仅仅是他们在一个群体中一个顺从另一个的行为表现，但是他们的衣服也显示出明显的等级制度。
te	O	一个颤抖的女孩指向客厅旁的一个门口，并且当戴尔打败萨姆进入里面时，他最糟糕的恐惧得到了证实。
te	I	She wasn 't against learning but she wasn 't into horses .
te	I	Then she 'd somehow managed to defeat him in a fight to the death , and Emma had discovered that he was her father .
te	O	大卫又咳了一声，并且哈里特递给他那只水杯。
te	I	He drove off into the night and I raised my hand , not wanting to wave goodbye as the door closed .
te	O	很多人无法忍受孤独，并且我认为莉拉可能就是其中之一。
te	I	It was in the early stages of development , but he already had a contingency plan in mind .
te	O	有一个指挥层级，并且审判官接近顶层。
te	O	突然，建筑物里传来一声巨响，并且汤姆看到一道巨大的裂缝从宫殿中部蔓延下来。
te	O	他需要休息，并且如果这就是他能休息的地方，她会接受的。
te	O	我们来到我的门口，并且我转身面对他。
te	I	Daniel put an arm around her , and Katherine felt her legs getting weak .
te	O	那顶红帽子意味着你最好不要招惹那家伙，或者一个不屈不挠的邮政检察员会让你后悔的。
te	I	It took an added effort to even see and Fatigue touched every part of Mike 's body .
te	O	这是她和另外几名竞争者在这座永无止境的玛雅古墓深处待了几个小时后调查的第十个。
te	I	It was aimed right at us and it hung as if on wires , awaiting to be plucked .
te	O	一首新歌响了起来，是Pink的歌，并且突然间我不再介意它那么吵了。
te	O	我刚张开嘴准备回答，一股无形的力量几乎把我从地上拽了起来，并且我反而尖叫起来。
te	I	Then it 's dark again , and the hallway brightness flashes .
te	O	教堂的大门开了，并且一群孩子涌了出来。
te	I	We hovered over them to watch what the crew was doing and we saw lots of sailboats in the ocean too .
te	I	It was apparent that it was an electrical conductor of some sort , but Devon had never seen anything like it before .
te	I	I never got through to you , but I called you several times in hopes you could help me .
te	I	It was all coming back to him , and one quick flick of a mental switch .
te	O	这笔债务拖欠太久了，并且他们对此感到不安。
te	I	He felt a bit lightheaded and Mar 's skin flushed hot .
te	I	They 'll like you and be likeable .
te	I	Somehow the men had followed suit , and Mrs Cassidy always dressed nicely when she served supper .
te	I	The steps of my mother echoed in the hallway and I covered my mouth as a sob escaped .
te	O	如果他像埃文说的那样在和我调情，我喜欢，但是这同时又有点令人难以承受。
te	O	他半笑了一下，并且我打了他手臂一下。
te	O	我记得我应该回答，但是我不认为他们能听到我说话。
te	I	The rest of the crowd applauded by stamping the ground in rhythm and the weaver dancers clattered their sticks together in approval .
te	I	The first photograph of the Black Knight was in the 1960 's , and the photographs here are taken from later American missions .
te	O	关键是我的事业有奔头，但是谈到感情，我却没有任何进展。
te	O	我穿得很厚，但是寒冷已经深入我的大腿。
te	O	他的肩膀很方正，并且他站得很直。
te	O	秒钟一分一秒地过去，并且哈丁什么也没说。
te	O	她想说她就是那位奶奶，但是从她嘴里却说出了不同的话。
te	O	他的胡须磨伤了她的脖子，并且他闻到她身上沾染了自己的气味。
te	O	有了计划又取消它们比完全听不到安德鲁的消息还要糟糕。
te	I	Russ was acting as if what he 'd done last Sunday had never happened , but Hannah couldn 't believe it .
te	I	She couldn 't imagine she would 've picked anything different and he had excellent taste .
te	I	He did not seem to be inclined to share , but I knew there was something else going on .
te	I	Now he felt like he was staring at an entirely different human being , but when she had arrived , her clothes screamed tourist .
te	I	Then dropped low , before returning to the higher tone , and two Francis whistled in a continuous high tone .
te	I	They were a go for the next phase and Jay updated the website to let everyone else on the team know that vaccine testing was complete .
te	I	She turned dismissive eyes toward Vin as she approached , and her arms sparkled with lavender bracelets that matched her dress .
te	O	令人遗憾的是，但是你救了生命。
te	O	我的怀疑很强烈，但是我的好奇心更强烈。
te	O	现在已过午夜，而且我确实感到饥饿了。
te	I	He tucked his arm around her waist as he led her into her darkened bedroom , and she stood with his help .
te	I	Then the bolt click shut , and Adam heard the door close .
te	O	天太黑了，看不清我们在哪里，但是如果我们下车，我们可能就离栅栏很近了。
te	I	I found myself quite interested in finding out , but I wasn 't sure where this was going .
te	O	迈克尔突然看到了地板裂开，喷涌的液态火焰射出将他们烧成灰烬的景象，并且他颤抖起来。
te	O	又安静了一分钟，而且我被悬置在他留给我的这片欢愉之池中，完全受他掌控。
te	I	His fingers trail along in their wake and his palms brush my arms .
te	I	Small groups of flies darted around the open area , and the shadows lengthened as the sun began to set .
te	I	I have crap to show for it , but I already spent half the stupid morning at this coffee shop , trying to catch up .
te	O	她和威廉一起离开了，并且亨利特意再次向阿什兰亲自道歉，为他造成的打扰。
te	I	He had a possessive air about him , but his eyes were hooded , his lips straight .
te	O	也许六年前他们还是敌人，但是他现在却是她最喜欢的人之一。
te	I	Either way , it felt good , but it was probably the game , more than the woman , that was exciting .
te	I	I guessed I 'm ashamed to see my father , but I don 't know what was wrong with me .
te	I	The moon waxed in the east and Orion was high .
te	O	很少有人会试图进入那里，因为他们很容易被发现，而且围栏也很难攀爬。
te	I	When Cassandra tried to get up on her feet , he lashed her once more , and De Roy raised his hand .
te	I	She was good for him , and he was good for her .
te	I	Just stares outward , but it 's a testament to her state of mind that Nina hasn 't even lifted her camera since we arrived .
te	O	水壶开始鸣叫，并且欧内斯特将其从炉子上移开。
te	I	I forced myself to my feet and I was anxious to move on .
te	I	She attempted to control her enthusiasm , but they had no idea how glad she was to see them .
te	I	He wanted ta look for work , but Said he was gon na pick a bit more .
te	I	I clung to Dean for dear life , and the bike shook like an angry volcano beneath me .
te	I	He placed the shrieking Jane in them , and I steeled myself to hold out my arms .
te	O	讨论才刚开始，我无法知道发生了什么，但是内特听起来像是要杀人一样。
te	I	Very soon , he would know all her secrets , but why she was pulling away , he didn 't understand .
te	I	He sat up and the Director 's voice hardened .
te	I	It would not be pleasant , and he would deal with Rebecca later .
te	O	你可以获得你的法学院学费，并且在我们结婚期间，你将拥有一张用于支付开销的信用卡。
te	I	I was on my own as soon as I entered the school and that was when I realized no one was there to help me .
te	O	我 D 说过她没有面孔，但是那意味着她有千百张面孔。
te	I	He had assured us we would be well entertained there , and Logan 's father knew several important business contacts in Italy .
te	O	我太想得到一个拥抱了，但是我现在不能示弱。
te	I	Dirk insists upon holding her hand , and they walk to the diner .
te	O	她还没反应过来，他就搂住了她的腰，并且她尖叫出声，笑着自己偷薯片的拙劣尝试。
te	I	She swayed on her feet and a yawn caught her unawares .
te	O	他的真名叫凯文，但是他的橘色爆炸头确保了他会永远与麦当劳吉祥物联系在一起。
te	O	他揉搓得更用力了，并且我感到一股情欲涌向我的两腿之间。
te	I	He was gone , but I ran to my dad .
te	O	我没有心情和乔西争论，并且我几乎能感觉到她卡车驾驶室里的热量。
te	I	She took the call in the hospital lobby , and Valerie 's cell phone vibrated .
te	O	带她去医院检查的想法可能不错，但是可能会问太多问题。
te	O	话语从房间里传出，并且紧接着是一声清晰的抽泣。
te	I	There was nowhere on the Sulphur Queen for him to go , but chapter 22 Member of the Cabinet Nick had made it out .
te	I	Then I disappeared into the trees , and both boys gave me a hug .
te	O	我的奶奶确实是不朽的，并且她不得不目睹自己的母亲牺牲。
te	I	Thayer shuddered , and another bark .
te	I	The guys drank and we laughed .
te	I	I could see her grinning , but she rolled her eyes .
te	I	It has been a fruitless search , not another escape craft in sight and ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ Two hours .
te	I	They could not possibly win , but they doggedly resisted the inevitable with all of their skill .
te	O	查尔斯在我身边从空中落下，并且我听到身后有类似的声音。
te	I	She danced in front of the mirror , turning the song to full blast and her towel fell to the floor .
te	O	这不愉快，但是对米哈伊的生命没有风险。
te	I	She looked away and her body shuddered .
te	O	他似乎抖了抖身子，并且他接着又回到了地上。
te	I	The meeting would be tonight and it was Friday morning .
te	O	他僵硬、笔直的嘴唇抽动了一下，并且接着嘴角上扬了。
te	I	I can barely catch my breath , and my heart is thumping like crazy .
te	I	Already we 've lost a seventh of our force and it hasn 't been two hours .
te	O	白光出现在我眼前，但是我仍然拒绝放弃。
te	I	She experienced a flashback to earlier that evening , and all she could see was blood .
te	O	她知道这与杰克逊有关，但是他却不说话。
te	I	I hear her strangled plea and my mother grabs Andrew 's arm .
te	I	I paid them no mind but stunned faces stared at me from the circle .
te	O	你的母亲，当时，她是个真正的元素师，并且她向我们所有人展示了她拥有多大的力量。
te	O	她只去过彩虹湾牧场一次，并且那已是多年前的事了。
te	I	You 're better , but she was good .
te	I	It was the best he could do , but they picked up the smell of the house .
te	I	Midnight sidestepped twice , seemingly eager to head back to the barn , and the leather creaked as it accepted his weight .
te	O	这是他们俩第一个没有父母的圣诞节，并且他们所做的一切都令人心痛。
te	I	It seemed like forever and I waited eagerly for the people in white to leave so I could ask her what had happened .
te	O	一名中年男子拿着剪贴板走进急诊室，并且我们都跳了起来。
te	I	I followed him up to my porch and he took my hand .
te	I	Passions are running high and a lot of people have taken up sides on this case .
te	I	He decided to believe him , but Jeff had no idea how he knew that was it .
te	I	His thoughts shattered , but David opened his mouth to say something .
te	I	The puddles left yellow stains on the ground when they dried up but they weren 't sure what was in the rain at the moment .
te	I	She 'd always been mature for her age , so it really wasn 't an issue , but she was younger than most , sure .
te	O	在过去的二十分钟里，她不知不觉地失去了他们的踪迹，并且尽管她不愿承认，她需要他们。
te	O	艾普莉从门后探头，并且卡罗琳恐惧地呻吟着。
te	O	达蒙的控制崩溃了，并且他大步走向玛丽。
te	I	The feeling passed and she sat quickly .
te	O	火焰开始消退，并且泥土街道变得泥泞不堪。
te	I	He doesn 't know what to say , but Max opens his mouth to speak .
te	O	他们会得到一次机会，并且他的职责是促成它。
te	I	He knew that he had , but he wished he 'd never said that to a patient of his .
te	O	你哥哥能做到，而且他比你小两岁。
te	I	He 'd told only Eleanor , and only Hart had known .
te	O	我的头停止了跳动，并且一天的紧张感随着肥皂水流进了下水道。
te	O	他反而把我引向一栋砖房，并且我们从后面爬上一个楼梯间。
te	I	In the histories it was the dragons , but in the stories , the knights triumphed .
te	I	She felt a burst of warmth , and his dark eyes settled on her .
te	O	他举办了一个派对，并且在一个多星期没有接他电话后，我出现了，终于准备好谈话了。
te	I	I realized I 'd seen him somewhere before , but he didn 't see me .
te	O	她知道自己不应该想这些事情，但是她情不自禁。
te	I	I 'd learned to enjoy my days there , and apparently Reese belonged to the beach club .
te	I	This is all new to you and you 're young .
te	O	我当时不在乎，而且我现在也不在乎知道。
te	O	这里不是摩根维尔，并且如果你进了牢房，你会死。
te	O	它不怎么样，但是它能凑合用，直到我们能给你弄一个真的。
te	O	棕榈树一望无际，并且我们想知道复活节岛以前是否也是这样。
te	I	He was not in short supply of them , but the death toll would be expensive , as would training new men .
te	I	He hadn 't been as troubled as the others by Baldur 's nightmares and Loki was jealous of Baldur .
te	I	It all fell together and we found each other .
te	O	吻结束了，并且他们交换了一个会心的微笑。
te	O	他的眼睛正注视着他据点入口处的骚动，并且马修慢慢转过身，和他的同伴们一起去看那里发生了什么。
te	O	怒火在他体内奔涌，但是他的动作是受控制的。
te	I	Ian slipped through , and the crowd of Rosewood Day students parted .
te	I	The man nearest him stood , and several people waved hello .
te	O	声音从外面传进来，并且我担忧地望向窗户。
te	I	She was inside and a palm scanner opened the next door .
te	I	I 'm catching both of them stealing glimpses of me from afar and they 'd been talking in hushed tones .
te	I	I still felt a burst of irritation at his disregard for his own life , but he was right .
te	I	I stayed in bed , comforted by Perpetua curled up beside me and the rain continued for most of the day .
te	I	Only a very few survive in hard-to-reach areas , and within a year they were felled almost into extinction by the ornamental house number plate industry .
te	O	我能理解他想杀我，但是他不必杀死西娅拉。
te	I	We don 't know what type of people they are , but we are helping them .
te	I	I still wanted to see her now , but it was only a few hours away .
te	I	It made all the difference , but she barely had to move .
te	O	也许凡人现在不同了，并且婚姻是更幸福的事。
te	O	天哪，这小子在学校几乎甩不掉，但是我一说要买裙子他就退缩了。
te	O	他看起来像是要说话，但是却没有一个字从他张开的嘴里说出来。
te	O	现在回家，并且我们再谈谈这件事！
te	O	他的肩部肌肉在她的手臂下绷紧了，并且他捡起了石头。
te	I	I 'm camping and Jesus look at it , cost me more than I 'd ever dreamed possible .
te	O	我们走到一扇侧门，并且贾里德轻轻拉了一下。
te	O	艾比走了过去，并且他抓住了她的手。
te	I	My jaw dropped and I looked down .
te	I	He gave a sharp nod , and Nolen 's glare wavered .
te	I	I wasn 't going to quibble about something like that right now , but I really wished he 'd quit .
te	I	She had missed the last three , and she had a standing weekly appointment .
te	I	Eric had worked on her relentlessly , wearing her down , but absurd , Mother had declared at first .
te	O	塔克在她还是新生的时候就把她们安排在一起了，并且她们从那以后几乎每天都待在一起。
te	O	他的声音一如往常般平静，但是在这背后，你能感觉到他内心的威胁。
te	I	I saw the distant head snap back from the impact , and the shot felt true .
te	I	She wanted to be certain she wouldn 't cringe if he called and there was always a chance she would hear from her prey again .
te	I	It didn 't take much to wreck her , and that girl you wrote about had enough problems in her life .
te	O	有很多残疾人，并且没有人会说他们不是人类。
te	I	Chains tugged and cogs turned .
te	O	我的两个兄弟都盯着我，并且我把膝盖抱到了胸前。
te	O	运动衫对她来说太大了，并且她看起来很可笑。
te	O	我脸上带着泪水，并且我没有擦掉它们。
te	O	他搂着她的手臂收紧了，并且一只手滑上她的背，伸进她的头发，把她的脸埋在他的颈窝里。
te	I	I didn 't explain it to you but I told you that .
te	I	I desperately tried to swallow something that wasn 't there and my mouth went dry .
te	I	I knew that he was two seconds away from feeling my fist in his face and tomas shouted again .
te	I	There are so many of them that I begin to worry and they 're so tiny from this far away .
te	O	他脸上带着会心一笑，并且我做好了心理准备，猜测着接下来会发生什么。
te	I	I was really good , and I took that gourmet course .
te	O	麦克总是很快指出加布何时让漂亮女人为之倾倒，但是加布对此却毫无耐心。
te	I	My mom so tight we 'd pretend we couldn 't breathe and he 'd hug me .
te	I	I know she caused the car bomb , but I couldn 't read her mind clearly .
te	I	She could tell that he was looking at her and he stopped .
te	O	这个地方需要彻底改造，并且我的创作灵感已经涌现。
te	I	Then my steps slowed as I took in my surroundings , and I followed him out of the car .
te	I	There were two guards outside my front door and I went back .
te	O	她因为那个梦而醒来，但是这次的感觉不一样。
te	O	她不明白为什么，但是她渴望靠近他。
te	I	She wasn 't sleepy , but she tried to close her eyes .
te	O	他骑术更高超，但是她有一次成功地把他掀下马来。
te	I	He wasn 't stopping there , and he was stealing her heart .
te	O	威廉姆斯冲进门，并且几名其他守卫也加入了他的行列，挤满了那个狭小的空间。
te	I	The sleazy writer was trying to sabotage his story , and it had crossed his mind briefly when it happened .
te	O	维诺娜有很多值得争取的东西，而且我那时相当困惑。
te	O	安娜在一个多月前经历了一场火灾，并且她那八岁的小身体有百分之七十被严重烧伤。
te	O	地方很挤，但是杰克在几秒钟内就进入了磨坊。
te	I	She released it to him , stepping back and he grabbed hold of the handlebars .
te	O	保罗对她大喊让她起来，但是他的嘴里却没有发出任何声音。
te	I	That included chasing herds over cliffs - and the old wolves taught them the easiest ways .
te	I	When I close my eyes I see his face , and I can still feel the guy 's hands all over me .
te	I	There was no judgment in his eyes , but his blue gaze pierced me .
te	O	我不知道我是否有勇气跳入那些浑浊的水中，但是我确实体会到了这样做的恐惧。
te	I	I looked away as they shared a tender moment and she kissed my father .
te	I	I couldn 't make sense of it , and I didn 't know what I saw .
te	I	She was disconcerted by this woman 's forthright manner , but she knew her words sounded feeble .
te	I	It was too dangerous to attempt to retrieve any belongings from inside and they had nothing with which to put out the flames .
te	O	她已经知道发生了什么，但是她无法解释。
te	O	有些时候我以为我的头要爆炸了，而且我会因疼痛而无助地哭泣。
te	O	他抬起一根树枝，并且它溅湿了他的手臂。
te	I	It has a king-size bed , and there is only one room .
te	I	I 'm trying to save Damien from being bombarded with questions , but I know it 's a weak attempt .
te	O	他们撤离了，因为风对MAV构成了威胁，但是居住舱可以承受更多的打击。
te	I	The slight pain sent waves of fire through Tara , but the gentleness of their earlier lovemaking was gone .
te	O	刀刃刺入了他的皮肤，但是泰勒预期的疼痛减弱了。
te	I	I followed closely behind and Markus opened the door .
te	O	他把自己拉开，并且我立即就讨厌它了。
te	O	门慢慢地吱呀一声打开了，并且一个年轻女人站在那里。
te	O	我问了，并且然后我咬了咬嘴唇。
te	O	它很薄，但是它很暖和。
te	O	房子，在夕阳下，非常安静，并且他想知道尼尔在哪里。
te	O	迈克尔把洛克所在的地址告诉了司机，并且他们驶出了加文的庄园。
te	O	幻想是自由的，并且我无需去实现它们。
te	I	She does , but it may be time she doesn 't think she needs .
te	I	He continued , and I narrowed my eyes at him .
te	I	I am the other and you are one part !
te	I	They saw that there was a small opening several metres above their head and he pointed up .
te	O	他们穿着古怪，但是他们是人类。
te	O	一对情侣差点撞上她，但是她不在乎。
te	I	They will find this out , and I 'm not an elf .
te	O	它可能不知道我们确切的位置，但是它知道我们一直在杀死它的士兵。
te	O	她和她丈夫说话，大概是在向他更新情况，并且他反过来也和她说话。
te	O	他在白板上写字，并且我呻吟着，明显地放弃了。
te	O	他们会强迫你面对自己的局限性，并且然后他们会教你如何克服它们。
te	O	我注意到他戴着蓝色手链，并且我好奇地看着它。
te	I	He bent to kiss Maureen 's cheek nevertheless , but Robert jerked as if he had been struck .
te	I	They excused themselves to the bathroom , and I gave them a dirty look .
te	O	马洛一动不动地躺着，而且杰斯分辨不出他是否在呼吸。
te	O	我们来到另一扇门前，这扇门也锁着，而且信号似乎正从门后传来。
te	I	Her toes cramped , and her arms trembled .
te	O	艾玛踩了他的脚，但是他只是疼痛得轻哼了一声。
te	I	I could clearly see that the thirst was still with him , and he swallowed hard .
te	I	Someone plopped down next to him , and the car crowded up , again .
te	I	We moved to Minnesota when I was in 8th grade , but I 'd grown up in Texas when I was little .
te	I	He pressed his lips to my forehead for a lingering moment , and I nodded .
te	O	萨利娜已经给伊娃洗完澡了，而且伊娃还待在浴缸里，浑身湿透。
te	O	餐具室的门开着，而且一叠餐具盒堆在桌边的地上。
te	O	我相信她能做到，而且我相信她会做到。
te	I	I began walking alongside her , bracing myself , and Sara hopped down the steps .
te	I	That was a terrible bust , but I tried a glamour .
te	O	那是一个愉快的夜晚，而且我希望他能记住它。
te	O	一阵笑声在我胸中涌起，并且我迅速转过身去，所以他就看不到我脸上的笑容了。
te	O	她吸住下唇以抑制笑容，并且那几乎让我崩溃了。
te	O	她所需要做的就是对凯莉的事情做出一些含糊的答复，并且她就可以离开了。
te	O	那辆红色保时捷停在了前面，但是我看不到是谁从里面出来的。
te	O	那是一片原始之地，并且生活在这里的生物完全不知道人类的存在。
te	O	他完全专注于他的不在场证人，并且那些程序性的插曲从他耳边掠过。
te	I	He glowed as he spoke of the peace he felt , and his whole countenance had changed .
te	O	我们进了城，并且他带我去了他家。
te	I	Finally the trading was done , but it took a long time .
te	O	我人生中一些最美好的回忆都发生在那里，但是那里路途遥远，所以我无家可归时就停止去了。
te	O	有些人会跟着我们，并且有些人会继续前往这里的实验室。
te	I	It takes it a second to register , but I notice the marks on his skin .
te	I	I nearly walked into her , catching myself on the railing , and Kenzie pulled up behind him .
te	I	I followed them over to Henrich 's for breakfast , and he 's with five staff members .
te	I	It faded as she turned back to me , but she smiled again .
te	I	He knew that if his opponent grabbed hold of him , he would be dragged outside as well and Simon felt Steve slowly sliding outside .
te	O	吉塔的眼睛闪闪发光，并且她向前倾身。
te	I	She looks away and her face creases .
te	O	到我们团聚的时候，我脖子上的伤口已经愈合了，但是我没有对我的家人提起它们。
te	O	电话应召女郎是她的帝国，并且她是女王，这使得我成为一个卒子。
te	I	Gaston stepped out , extending his hand to help her out as well and the driver smoothly pulled up to a restaurant .
te	O	亚历山大，我想你最好去木卫四，并且孩子们肯定会在地球上被等待着。
te	I	He was feeling no pain and now it was in full swing .
te	I	Shane almost smiled despite himself , and it made a cheery sound when it pulled free .
te	I	Kate headed to the bathroom , and her father scampered after Ms. Riggs .
te	O	她知道杰克将要扮演的角色，但是她必须让她的角色更具说服力。
te	I	He 'd already wasted precious time plucking up the courage , and they were finally alone .
te	I	It would let nothing stand in its way and it was on a mission to kil me .
te	I	The airwaves are empty and the power is out .
te	I	I was starting to understand why he didn 't believe in love , and I was now seeing a more vulnerable side .
te	I	For some reason she wanted him anyway , but she deserved so much better than what he had to offer .
te	I	He bought the one after that , and I bought the next drink .
te	O	他们严肃的脸和警惕的眼神只被他们的服装出卖了。
te	I	She smiles , looking up and hulls says something to her .
te	I	One day we were called to Uganda , near Lake Victoria and I joined her .
te	I	It sounded more angry than scared , but they didn 't have a translator .
te	O	他的回答让她感到震惊，并且她瘫倒在沙发上。
te	O	电梯在我身后关上了，并且我踢了金属门。
te	I	I wanted to back up , and he was practically hissing through his teeth .
te	I	He shushed her , warning that if she yelled , she would upset the birds , but she was about to raise her voice to him .
te	I	Frankly I didn 't think there was anything wrong with what he 'd said , and Miranda didn 't look like she cared .
te	O	几分钟后我们停了下来，并且布拉德告诉我们，我们已经徒步了大约一个小时。
te	I	There 's no spell , and there 's no need .
te	I	Isaac watched his eyes scan the forest for signs of life , and Connor stared out the window .
te	O	这算不上是热情的问候，但是沃尔特从来就不喜欢在办公室被打扰。
te	O	我在飞翔，并且这是有史以来最棒的感觉。
te	O	达琳在他第一次碰她时畏缩了，但是一旦她得知他对所有员工都那样，她就放松了。
te	I	Everything else became too quick to process , and the formerly slow pendulums became a threat .
te	I	Just as fast as it started , it was over ... and beauty .
te	I	His gut told him where he could find her , but he didn 't know why .
te	I	Rei placed his gloved hand next to hers and Rome put her hand up to the glass .
te	I	The minute I met you , I knew you were different , but hannah , I know you 're going to think this makes no sense .
te	I	He 'd been willing to wait three years to get it and he 'd simply wanted the common courtesy of a face-to-face goodbye .
te	O	正常情况下我不会出卖我的任何一个女性表亲，但是非常时期需采取非常手段。
te	O	我知道他认为自己做了正确的事，并且我无能为力说服他并非如此。
te	O	他空着的手臂将她的腿拉得更高，并且她的臀部紧贴着他的勃起。
te	O	她再次深吸了一口气，但是仍然没有气味传过来。
te	O	她的表情并没有真正带有威胁性，但是她的眼睛却冰冷。
te	I	We get out of the car and she pulls into a circular drive .
te	O	我又颤抖了一下，并且卡德摩斯笑了。
te	I	I didn 't think we would be outside too terribly much but I wasn 't in the warmest clothes .
te	O	沙恩专注于她，但是这并没有让情况好转。
te	I	Our little circle held all the warmth in the world , but it might have been freezing elsewhere .
te	I	Something was always coming up , but he 'd tried to get away from his kids .
te	I	I just couldn 't , but I tried to shift .
te	I	She feels a warm rush throughout her body and her arm brushes his .
te	I	I knew better - but it might not have sounded like a big deal - a little holiday , then back to the grind .
te	O	他们明天会去苏格兰，并且也许他可以在那里见到某人。
te	O	艾米对这种结构的了解在战斗中可能会派上用场，但是她不确定如何。
te	I	He figured great coffee was worth a change in his routine , but two nights in the same place was unusual for Reacher .
te	I	The heat seemed to sink into him , and her fingers were still warm , far warmer than an average human 's .
te	I	I might as well try , but I had a weary , wary feeling that this wasn 't going to be the end of it .
te	O	他们让他去另一所房子，并且同样的事情发生了。
te	O	我的手在颤抖，但是我再次把枪举到他脸上。
te	O	起初皮尔斯以为那里衬着镜子，但是第二眼他意识到那是窗户。
te	O	我们需要制定一个计划，并且这是我能想到的最好的。
te	O	我会确保你获得所需的所有NIL，并且我也会祈祷这能帮助你。
te	O	他可能没有国王需要保卫，但是他会有家人需要保护。
te	I	I didn 't have the energy for it , but I could have gone inside through the sky .
te	O	我的每周阵容已经空缺一段时间了，并且我还没准备好寻找任何替代者。
te	I	His hairs stood up on end , and Merlin 's limbs stiffened .
te	O	加布里埃尔在看着那些男人时非常安静，并且他接着走近了那堆死者。
te	I	She would look for evidence to prove Stephen wrong , and she would wait for an opportunity .
te	O	牵着肯齐的手，我穿过了变幻的玻璃，并且现实世界在我们身后再次消逝。
te	I	He sounded mostly asleep , but it was almost noon .
te	I	Cory was suddenly afraid to ask too much and the man said nothing more .
te	I	Gage didn 't dare laugh , but the incensed look on Kelsey 's face as he left the camper was comical .
te	I	I wondered if she were still worried about her car , and she looked like she was stressing over something .
te	O	这个男人实际上并没有失去知觉，但是他将答案独自保留着。
te	O	她紧紧地抱住了我，并且我抚摸着她的头发。
te	O	如果他在战斗中途抵达，他可能会立即被杀死，并且那样也无济于事。
te	I	Now she wished they had , and they had not brought a monitor into the tiny space .
te	I	I do not wish to sleep , but it is an odd anxiety .
te	I	You knew that already -- but I 'm a baronet .
te	O	当他阅读封面页时，他的眼睛睁大了，并且他抬头看着德斯特罗，德斯特罗似乎陷入了沉思。
te	I	He burst out laughing , and humor tickled his insides .
te	O	面包车的窗户没有染色，并且她打算让加布里埃尔和她在一起。
te	O	她嫉妒不已，并且她为此而恨自己。
te	O	他眼中流露出的需求应该让我感到害怕，但是它没有。
te	O	他们已经一起工作了七周，然而马可医生对麦克来说仍然是个谜。
te	I	There were bandits hiding in the Galilean hills , and the land of Judea was full of fighting .
te	I	Then he 'd take her again , and he 'd give her a few more minutes .
te	I	This just intensified every ache , and my body was already sore .
te	I	She was also very religious , but Aunt Beth was a very good person .
te	O	有人把一本《时代》杂志放在桌子上，并且我把它推到了一边。
te	I	He sat down on the bed next to me and Marshall 's eyes softened .
te	I	I do not go to that bar too often , but I never saw him before .
te	O	埃里克把吉普车顶升起来了，并且暖气也开足了。
te	I	No one would notice if she passed out and she was parked in front of a bank .
te	I	That 's all there is to it and the dead just don 't come back !
te	O	她像我一样是独自一人，并且她有更多话要说。
te	I	His heart was singing , but it was a cold , bleak day when Henry Moore sailed The Allegiance into Tobermory 's harbor .
te	I	After one glance at the occupants , she knew coming here had been a mistake , and it was too crowded , too noisy .
te	O	她的嘴角微微上扬，并且他希望她正在梦到他。
te	I	A red light came on accompanied by an electronic beep and he showed his card to the reader on the door .
te	I	There was no point in wasting his breath , but he wanted to shout that Elina had done nothing to deserve her fate .
te	O	他不帅，但是他看起来足够聪明。
te	O	我的一部分想阻止他，乞求他的原谅，但是我没有。
te	O	你不记得了，但是你以前告诉我你需要我在他们身边。
te	O	我绞尽脑汁寻找答案，但是却一无所获。
te	I	So heavy I don 't think an army of zombie elephants could budge it , and it 's massive .
te	I	Her eyes get round and her brows shoot up .
te	O	我已经数不清了，但是这次不同。
te	I	They spread out into the room , taking locations around the perimeter , and she smiled at the men .
te	O	我以前在找手机时并不在意，但是他们中有几部带着现金。
te	O	她仍然穿着被带走时穿的长袍，但是小铃铛不见了。
te	I	It was so salient now that it was undeniable , but the change in Raoul had been slow in coming .
te	O	她的老板向她保证他理解风险，并且他已经采取了预防措施，额外的安保，定期的喂食等等。
te	I	He didn 't flinch under the scrutiny , but all eyes shifted to him in astonishment .
te	O	我短暂地发了脾气，并且我所做的事情是不可原谅的。
te	O	他可以看到肾上腺素终于消退了，并且她正在完全感受疼痛。
te	O	你知道自己想要什么，并且你着手去实现了。
te	O	甚至还有一些愿意看看世界的乘客，而且他们中的大多数都很年轻。
te	I	Happy she had become a nurse , and she was thrilled to hear from her .
te	O	你总是爱抱怨，但是你的情况也没那么糟。
te	O	我的皮肤发热，并且我的手掌在出汗。
te	O	墙壁在出汗，并且微风吹过。
te	O	她转身，招了招手，并且布莱恩跟了上来。
te	I	Alzheimer 's is being cured , and his Tiger Island is working .
te	O	这不是一个问题，更像是一个观察，并且钱德勒不是一个会胡说八道的人。
te	I	We will make sure that you return safely here ... no matter where this journey takes us and you will be fine .
te	I	I won 't forget it and I appreciate your telling me what you did .
te	O	我的呼吸随着秒针滴答作响而变得急促，并且他什么也没说。
te	I	While we dodge the waitress , we do the counting , and we huddle in a booth , order coffee .
te	I	They now bumped against me on either side , leaning in to be petted , and two other hounds had come to my hands .
te	O	我不情愿地穿回鞋子，并且我们开始走向小巷出口。
te	O	那正是艾玛的感觉，但是她该说什么呢？
te	O	他尝试拉动它，但是它纹丝不动。
te	O	托什祈祷了，并且餐饭开始了。
te	I	I didn 't want to make matters worse , and Mia was in trouble with werewolves .
te	O	法拉的肾上腺素激增正在消退，但是她无法停止微笑。
te	I	I think we 've been rubbing off on him and he 's been living with two girls for the last couple of months .
te	I	Her lashes flew up , and his laughter came , surprising her .
te	O	我考虑过上法学院，但是我一直都知道我想为我父亲工作。
te	O	她的手没有颤抖，并且她的睫毛遮住了她的眼睛。
te	O	他的身体不习惯，并且他会在奇怪的时间崩溃。
te	O	我们每人拿了一个杯子，并且她坐在我们对面的椅子上。
te	O	我们没指望抓住他们，但是跟踪他们很有趣。
te	O	泰勒把纸展平了，并且尼克把吹风机开到纸上。
te	O	她抓住了格蕾丝完好的那只手，并且她那双棕色的大眼睛看着她的眼睛。
te	O	有几个问题，而且桑兹教授优雅地回答了它们。
te	O	这一切听起来很疯狂，但是这现在是现实了。
te	I	I came up blank ... but I tried to imagine Jacob younger , carefree .
te	I	He had gone out of his way when he had no reason to , but I could ill spare it .
te	O	她不会走那么远，但是她可以夸大情况。
te	I	She linked fingers with him and he held up a hand .
te	I	It felt like that , but I knew everyone wasn 't staring at me .
te	O	她将双臂环绕着我，并且那一刻，我能听到她的心跳，感受到婴儿不安地在她子宫里移动位置。
te	I	He wouldn 't be the same but that we 'd see him again ?
te	O	我把脸转向我身后的男人，并且他倒吸了一口气，后退时把我摔到了地上。
te	O	他们确信他们认识我，但是他们不太记得我的名字。
te	O	她那银色的长发在她美丽的脸庞周围飘动，并且她笑了，当凯莱娜放下她那可怜又可悲的刀时。
te	I	Frazier understood him well enough , but the guard to his right grunted something in Portuguese .
te	O	杰克逊希望他能看到奥斯汀脸上超级惊讶的表情，但是手电筒晃盲了他。
te	I	Maybe he didn 't go because of me , but Eirik wasn 't big on the club scene .
te	O	他在她脸颊上亲了一下，并且她咯咯地笑了。
te	O	我查了一下，并且它大约有五万人。
te	O	我听到他呻吟，但是他继续开车。
te	O	他以前从未参过军，但是他现在已经远远超越了他年轻时的浪漫幻想。
te	O	预言者没有回应，并且他们继续沉默前行。
te	O	瑞安问道，并且我乐意再多几秒钟专注于呼吸，在瑞安再次对我说话之前。
te	I	This is just awesome , but I mean I suspected .
te	I	It wasn 't her cross to bear , but I wouldn 't run from my child .
te	I	He came out , followed by a few other members of the cast and the door opened .
te	I	I didn 't want it to know I did , but I knew where it was .
te	I	She hadn 't said much about him , but she had told me he was dead .
te	O	她停顿了太久，并且他在她回应之前挂断了电话。
te	I	This was her special place , but she didn 't like it sometimes .
te	I	He could be dead , or he could be anywhere .
te	I	I treasured any time I got to spend with him , but it wasn 't much .
te	I	She could kick them aside and he tugged at the jeans until they were down around her ankles .
te	O	恶魔向我扑来，并且我击退了它们。
te	O	那些优秀的就像走钢丝的杂技演员，但是他们发现那时需要小心。
te	I	She doesn 't say anything more , but I think she knows I know .
te	O	天色尚早，但是城市的夜生活已经很热闹了。
te	O	尖锐的声音让凯莉知道那是女性，但是里面没有一丝熟悉感。
te	O	它们毕竟是动物，并且它们感到了威胁。
te	O	我独自一人在世上，但是我第一次不觉得孤独。
te	I	It 's close , but his voice isn 't exactly like I remember it .
te	I	She 'd be out on her ass , and Betty would disown Stephanie .
te	O	我们在红灯处停了下来，并且一辆改装过的吉普车，载满了赤膊的冲浪少年，停在了我们旁边。
te	O	简还醒着，但是莉莉已经熟睡了。
te	I	His beard had a life of its own , snaking out in every direction and his hair hung in long wavy locks that fell beneath his ribcage .
te	I	He didn 't argue , but Diego still looked puzzled .
te	O	我不知道我是怎么记住这些名字的，但是你从未尝过如此美妙的东西。
te	I	That was it , and we had dinner .
te	I	There 's still that damn nondisclosure agreement to think about , but I want to respond in kind , to tell him everything .
te	O	女服务员带着他的咖啡来了，并且他等着她走开。
te	I	I don 't even really know why , but I laughed .
te	O	她很想吻他，但是她不想显得像个过于心急的高中生。
te	I	He restrained himself , but Simon nearly growled .
te	O	她的眼睛睁开了，并且它们找到了我的目光。
te	O	他自己平时直到一天很晚的时候才吃晚饭，并且他的作息时间和她相似。
te	I	The pressure of his mouth buried her tiny ineffectual voice but Lina screamed .
te	I	The lion was sleeping and I felt like I was in a lion 's den .
te	I	She kept staring at all of the blood on me , and concern darkened Roslyn 's eyes .
te	O	匹兹堡的情况好了一些，但是科尔顿住在郊区而不是市中心。
te	O	我的心略微颤动了一下，但是我不以为意地耸了耸肩。
te	O	我仍在做梦，并且我讨厌我的梦。
te	I	I gasped as I realised that he was carrying my uncle 's sword and he too was armed .
te	I	Her hand was shaking , so she carefully set it down , but she tried to take a sip of the hot chocolate .
te	I	She didn 't say anything , but her mouth puckered with disapproval .
te	O	她爸爸的信息很短，并且他的声音里没有一丝担忧。
te	O	当我们回到桌边时，杰克正和一个长着一张年轻脸庞的银发男人说话，并且他们俩看起来都不高兴。
te	I	She slapped anyway , screaming but he tried to stop her .
te	O	我的双膝一软，并且我瘫倒在他身旁。
te	O	他的呼吸在我皮肤上很温暖，并且我锁住双膝，以免融化成一滩黏糊糊的液体在地板上。
te	I	I 'd seen it in his eyes that last night we had together , but he might not have told me as much .
te	O	现在我仰头亲吻，并且他俯身亲吻。
te	I	The line to receive food was fairly short but many of the seats were already taken .
te	I	They disappeared , and he followed .
te	I	It didn 't seem to matter , but none of them were in particularly good shape .
te	O	他不再是那个人了，并且如果那个鬼魂无法提供救赎，厄尔就无物可卖了。
te	O	除此之外，他不确定她是否真的有能力分享那个幻象，但是他很快就会知道的。
te	O	他们各自以不同的方式隐藏着自己的伤疤，但是他们没有骗过雷娜。
te	O	她不像学校里其他有钱的孩子那样行事，并且从未把他当作穷孩子对待。
te	I	She was glad she 'd been bold enough to fondle him , and he probed with the tip of his penis .
te	I	The joint was clean , and Lola was not at her desk .
te	O	她的下巴向下沉，并且她吸了口气来帮助自己从羞辱中恢复过来。
te	O	我们点了点头，并且他离开了。
te	O	她几个小时前接了他，并且他很高兴见到她。
te	O	西蒙同意了，然而当他看着齐安在房间里走动时，失去那把刀似乎并没有改变他的行为。
te	I	She would bring him food and she told him to go up into the house .
te	I	Maybe it was that I felt heavier after meeting Violetta , or the air had somehow grown more oppressive while we 'd been inside .
te	I	They didn 't seem frightened at all , and her eyes were like gold flecked with blue .
te	I	She quickly hid it , but a hint of compassion fell over Hilda 's face .
te	I	His jaw tightened and Jude 's hands clenched .
te	O	他用另一只手砰地关上了门，并且我听到有什么东西撞在门上。
te	I	Ivan wasn 't going to let himself be led by the old man 's overactive imagination and it was nonsense .
te	O	我没有听到她的声音，但是我信任丹尼尔的推荐。
te	I	I was relieved to feel like my old self again , and then everything returned to normal .
te	I	The whole thing had happened less than an hour ago , but still no word on the president 's condition .
te	I	He 's the one who didn 't fight the breakup , but he 's putting this on me .
te	I	He looks pleased that I like it so much and I look up at his eyes .
te	O	我只和雷德有过几次小冲突，但是他有多傲慢，就有多懒惰。
te	I	I motioned toward one near the jukebox , but most of the tables were filled .
te	I	They hadn 't yet accepted her as one of their own , but like Derek , the crew had changed their minds about her .
te	O	我想说我从未回头看，但是我每天都他妈地回头看。
te	O	你得告诉我昨晚的事，并且我们需要今晚的作战计划。
te	I	He didn 't want to lose what he had , but he didn 't know if he really wanted more .
te	I	You 'd better forget about me , but you 've been a good friend .
te	O	我不想哭，并且我不得不花几秒钟来平复我的情绪。
te	I	Her stomach growled under the blankets , and her tongue moved over her dry lips .
te	O	这顿饭不是我做的，但是我反正穿着围裙。
te	O	他希望加固的船体能撑到他们离开小行星带，并且他可以尝试修复它们。
te	I	I felt like I was losing myself and Anger grew at my core .
te	O	突然间，传来一声巨响，并且奥利维尔从沉睡中惊醒。
te	I	He can 't talk back , but I can talk to him .
te	O	白色的栏杆围住了前廊，并且一个木制秋千让它看起来很温馨。
te	O	我从未问过，不过，并且她从未想到过。
te	O	凯莉似乎没有注意到威胁，但是我没有。
te	I	That wasn 't why he 'd touched her , kissed her , loved her the way he had , but yes , her pleasure pleased him .
te	I	His mind did not , but Zook 's legs moved .
te	I	It still needed to be said , but I was sure she understood this , knowing me as well as she did .
te	I	His eyes meet mine and he looks up .
te	O	他能主动提出真是太好了，但是我仍然不确定是否该和他走得太近。
te	I	We didn 't have time to hunt down a female for him , and when a Troll grows up , he starts to get these urges .
te	I	There were quiet periods , but that day we tried to keep up conversations .
te	I	The rest simply stare in awe and a couple of them yell at him to get out .
te	O	她的眼睛因肾上腺素而几乎发黑，但是她见到他时的喜悦却很明显。
te	O	卡罗尔帮我们找到了一个可供租赁的小木屋，并且她还帮我联系了一些夏日工作。
te	O	我头痛欲裂，而且我汗流浃背。
te	I	I don 't breathe , and you don 't draw .
te	I	One thing seemed to lead to the next , but he 'd be better off without any of it .
te	O	她不需要它们，并且我不想把它们给她。
te	I	I remembered Oasis , breakfast , the residents and the gears in my head clicked forward again .
te	I	I shove him , and he starts smiling .
te	I	My pulse raced and my cheeks flushed .
te	I	The rest of us have to be adults , but you can throw all the tantrums you want .
te	I	She was a phoenix , and I thought it was scary in my mother 's hands .
te	I	I sniff at it and I can smell his scent lingering in the air even after he 's gone .
te	I	No blood at all leaked around his wound , and Graham was standing upright , without support .
te	O	他们已经一起工作了三年，而且他一直都想要她。
te	O	他当时抬起头看我，并且他的脸上带着凶狠。
te	O	丹尼尔急忙赶往邮局，并且我留了下来，向琳赛更新了所有发生的事情。
te	I	They 'd kissed , vowing that nothing would ever come between them and they 'd held each other .
te	I	A skill Jake barely understood and it was a talent Kady had mastered .
te	I	No one told your tribe to take command , but apes are blessed with more cerebral neurons than the rest .
te	I	One can slip through easier , but three men might be caught .
te	O	他的嘴唇依然干燥，而且他几乎说不出话来。
te	I	I 'd heard a lot about her in the years when we were still talking , but I 'd never met his mom .
te	O	当然，我不得不看着愚蠢的瑞茜那张长在细长脖子上的脸，但是这仍然很令人惊叹。
te	I	Any of their traps or * * For an hour we fought our way through the brambles with no sign of a Spider .
te	I	I did see the branch start to sag dramatically under his weight but I could barely see him go across the branch .
te	O	隔离意味着安全，但是安全意味着孤独。
te	I	I 'll do everything for her , and I love her , yes .
te	O	我们在场地里走了走，并且我用手机拍了几张照片。
te	I	I stuff the Rubik 's Cube into my pack and we move away from the anchor stand .
te	O	他又完全变回了自己，而且这正是米娅所看到的。
te	I	That wasn 't such a great experience , and I 've only ever done this once before .
te	O	一小块白色从他的胸袋里露出来，并且他还戴着一副白手套。
te	I	Yet he knew the strength this lady possessed and her bones felt so fragile in his palm .
te	O	他被问到是否想演一场戏，并且他拒绝了这个选择。
te	I	She stood to greet them with a smile and she was sitting right outside the door when they arrived .
te	I	The effect on her friends had been big , but she hadn 't thought it was that good .
te	O	薯条凉了，但是她还是吃了。
te	I	Will turned to me , and Skip asked John something else about work .
te	I	Flung herself at him , knowing it would be the last thing he 'd expect her to do and she kicked the chair out of the way .
te	I	The story continues , but I pity you for such abysmal ignorance .
te	I	On these they laid a dwarf , and a sack cloth covered each table .
te	O	有时候你只需要看一眼电路设计，并且你就能立即知道它是如何运作的。
te	O	他们的脸上流露出一种悲伤，他知道这与他的困境有关，并且他突然恨自己选择为他们而战。
te	I	He doesn 't want Ava growing up like that and Jeremy 's ex got involved in some pretty heavy drugs .
te	I	The rain was a sheet of ice and branches snapped at him .
te	I	Magic rose , but silence descended .
te	O	他又笑了，并且我被迷住了。
te	I	Neither of them breathed evenly , and Byron lay on her back .
te	I	Sarah was the real thing , and his relationship with Haley only seemed to be a warm-up for the real thing .
te	I	To lay out the problem but there was nothing for it .
te	I	His hand comes out only with a small booklet within its grip , but my fingers wrap carefully around the grip of my revolver , intensely alert .
te	I	They walked toward the house and McCoy climbed from the driver 's seat .
te	O	是的，她有问题，但是她从不刻薄。
te	I	He was mine and in that moment I knew that I was his .
te	O	她在他身上颤抖，并且他的心也揪紧了。
te	I	I fought to keep my mouth closed and he loomed over me .
te	I	I certainly felt like a disaster and I could see the tangles of my red hair from the corners of my eyes .
te	I	Just trying to end a dispute , but the war seemed more humane in the early days -- we weren 't out to murder each other .
te	O	凯莉知道轮到她说话了，但是她仍然不知道该说什么。
te	O	一旦他到了那里，有人就可以打电话给爷爷，并且他会像上次那样完成旅程。
te	I	Marty 's cheeks were downright ruddy once he was done and none of them remembered it afterward .
te	O	他们的眼神交汇了，并且在威士忌般的深邃中，他看到了自己情感的映照。
te	O	它们可以看起来像普通的动物，而且它们可以看起来像普通人。
te	O	格蕾丝的目光随着那个手势移动，并且她僵住了。
te	O	每个人都在四处张望，并且他们都同时开口说话了。
te	I	Noah could see that he was handsome , but Clyde wasn 't quite as tall as Noah .
te	O	艾玛周六过得很开心，并且她昨天错过了一次健身时间。
te	I	His face fell , and his eyes looked over the ring on my finger .
te	I	His eyes closed , and he sighed .
te	O	绳子突然松开了，并且他听到有东西从上面掉下来。
te	O	他们一如既往地平静，但是现在她认出了这个男人钢铁般的内核。
te	I	That also happened around the beltway of Washington , D.C. , but Los Angeles traffic was famous for coming to a standstill .
te	O	疼痛蔓延过我的脸颊，但是不知怎么地，我设法恢复了知觉。
te	O	我会保持警惕，但是 我没有退缩。
te	I	Still waiting for her to turn the page and a book lay by her side , open .
te	I	It was red , blistering and he held out his hand .
te	O	漂白剂等家用化学品也能产生同样的效果，但是 这种光芒比血液产生的消逝得更快。
te	O	灯光变暗了，并且 观众席上鸦雀无声。
te	I	She said I needed to stop eating , because my ass was fat , and my breasts had grown too large .
te	O	这会让她今晚出门的机会泡汤，而且 她非常期待。
te	I	She wanted to be ready , and the ponies would be here in half an hour .
te	O	一个默默地索取着，并且 另一个默默地给予着。
te	O	如果她听信八卦，她会认为奈德是个斗士，但是 她从未见过这样的事。
te	O	他们已经告诉她会是双胞胎，就在今天早上，卡农医生很高兴地告诉她最新消息：双胞胎女孩。
te	I	The cabin , shrouded by a thick forest , is becoming dark fast , and the afternoon is quickly slipping away into the evening hours .
te	O	枪猛烈地反冲回她的手中，并且 吸血鬼侧身倒下，鲜血从他的肩膀流出。
te	O	米娅又给她朋友打了个电话，但是她把手机塞回了口袋。
te	O	我的包里装满了每门课的书，并且所有的封面都开始看起来一模一样了。
te	I	He didn 't tell anybody , but he 'd gotten his life in order mostly .
te	I	Today was different but Reed had always enjoyed polo .
te	O	赞恩说道，并且我皱起了眉。
te	O	他又咕哝了几句话，并且我们就从房间里消失了。
te	I	No one could give that back to him , and only one thing would make him feel better .
te	O	他停止了踱步，并且他的嘴唇紧抿着。
te	O	撞击让他愣了一秒，但是除此之外他都还好。
te	O	他的眼睛哀求着我，并且我感到心都融化了。
te	I	Eve doubted he even realized how he looked right now and he stroked her curls .
te	O	放了布里，并且我们就会谈。
te	O	他曾试图教他，但是他的表弟从未能在河里下水一艘船。
te	I	More have been defeated , but there are a few still fighting .
te	O	失去一个母亲已经够糟糕的了，但是这个孩子却失去了两个。
te	O	你想要那个孩子离开，并且现在它已经走了。
te	O	我以为他认为我睡着了，但是显然他知道我完全清醒，因为他正在和我说话。
te	O	我从未听说过他们，但是我们本该带着一些回来的。
te	I	I knew he was hiding somewhere near his truck , but I could not see my father .
te	O	我非常缓慢地刮掉数字五，并且记号笔发出了吱吱声。
te	I	It went out , and Tom stopped concentrating on the flame that surrounded his sword .
te	O	卢卡斯看到他们来了，并且我看到了他眼中闪过一丝我讨厌的恐惧。
te	O	我不知道我怎么知道的，但是我就是知道。
te	O	她耸了耸肩，但是 我能看出这让她心烦。
te	I	I could feel it building and that tingling started in my back .
te	O	她问，而且 硫磺石点了点头。
te	O	她拉了拉，但是 他紧抓不放。
te	O	除此之外的一切都很疯狂，但是 此时此刻她只想顺从自己的欲望。
te	I	I continue my story but I have to talk over them .
te	O	他G是对的，而且 这很可怕。
te	O	这种可能性让她的脸颊又泛起一阵绯红色，而且 她瞥了一眼布兰特，看到他正向她伸出手臂。
te	O	她的话像毒药一样渗入我的大脑，但是 我努力把注意力集中在眼前的事情上：她的歇斯底里。
te	O	哈利一直在帮助支撑婴儿的头部，但是 现在他重新调整了姿势，准备接住婴儿。
te	O	我对这种事不太了解，但是 我确实知道当有人去世时，人们会做饭。
te	O	迈尔斯是个没用的侍从，但是 他长大后却相当不错。
te	I	He would need to be able to convince her father , but she supposed that it really didn 't matter to her .
te	I	The last thing he needed was another death on his hands , and he would only want to kill them for mocking him .
te	I	I was hoping to keep it that way , and so far Michael was the only one who knew .
te	I	The result might well have been a bloody uprising and I might have bent minds quickly .
te	I	He was a politician , after all , and that 's what he 'd shown her .
te	I	His face did , but his words hadn 't shown me that .
te	O	我想再多加一些，但是 我没有。
te	O	塔米努力保持放松，但是 她能感觉到在走回公寓的路上，不确定性的紧张感在她体内累积。
te	O	我每次都爱她，并且 她每天都爱我。
te	O	他问道，我们和房间里几乎所有其他男人都跟着他们的脚步走向柜台。
te	I	This time I am ready , but he comes at me again .
te	I	She grew more horrified and the wheels continued to turn in her head .
te	I	We waited for the doors to close , and I pulled him back .
te	I	He 's wasting his time , but Holt probably sent him over to try to persuade Rob to change his mind .
te	I	They were all still , patiently waiting for us to reappear and their horses were calm .
te	O	克莱门汀瞪了他一眼，但是 格雷迪没有退缩。
te	O	外壳已经裂开了，并且 内脏碎裂着躺在他的背包底部。
te	I	I don 't expect you to be perfect , and I 'm not perfect .
te	I	Her eyes looked mean , and her words were cruel .
te	I	His eyes glittered with malicious approval , but he sighed .
te	O	一个人问了上校，并且上校点了点头。
te	I	She stared back at me with a gob smacked look on her face and I turned to look at Anna .
te	O	我的蜻蜓翅膀消失了，并且我轻盈了许多。
te	I	I leapt to my feet , forcing a smile to my face and the door opened behind me .
te	I	At least they had regained possession , but I have no idea how long it would be before the hotel was useable again .
te	I	The tension remained , but the muscles stretched .
te	O	他左手拿着一个全新的宠物提笼，并且他伸出了右手。
te	O	医院里比较暖和，但是没有暖气，没有电。
te	I	She didn 't want to spend money on anything that wasn 't related to bounty hunting , and she was short on credits anyways .
te	O	他看了一眼尼古拉斯寻求认可，但是尼古拉斯正在看着斯特拉。
te	I	A dresser lay smashed all over the small room and books lay torn .
te	I	My whole body shook with the thudding of my heart as his frantic cries for help continued , and as it was , they were still ringing .
te	O	当然这可以节省多年的实验室工作，但是你是在基于假设进行工作。
te	O	门关上了，并且我们开始移动。
te	O	她的声音听起来有点不确定，并且我意识到她很可能不习惯被男生敷衍。
te	I	I was starting to think of them as my parents too and we had dinner with his family at least once a week .
te	I	Even though Drake claimed not to be worried , she knew he was , and her uncle was still out there , somewhere .
te	I	He kept it locked up tight , and he disappeared for hours into his office , the one room she never went into .
te	O	他们证明了城市边缘正在逼近，并且她不再感到在城市里是安全的。
te	O	她以前都见过这些，但是她怀疑自己永远无法真正适应如此完美的美丽。
te	I	I feel the energy emanating from her , and her face is close to mine .
te	I	His vision blurred , and she slammed his head into hard stone .
te	O	这不像你以前见过的任何动物，但是我却见过。
te	I	I screamed his name and his chest was splattered with red .
te	O	他试图挑选出亮点，但是似乎他讲的任何故事都会让鱼兴奋起来。
te	I	I stumbled onto my knees , and they were deep , menacing coughs that made it hard to walk .
te	I	She turned , searching in all directions and Ryan suddenly yelled .
te	O	即使是贝丝也对这个推理印象深刻，并且查理对她略微做了个鬼脸。
te	O	他的衬衫已经脱掉，并且两道紫色疤痕沿着他的右肩向下延伸。
te	O	他双手紧抓着腰间的老旧草帽，并且他羞愧得只顾看着地面。
te	I	I didn 't say that right away , but I found her reaction to him interesting .
te	I	She knew for sure that Tabby wouldn 't be a part of it but she could imagine a million things .
te	O	我从两个对着我惊讶大叫的守卫旁滑了出去，并且我不敢去想自己要去哪里。
te	I	The gust of blackness nearly sent her into the wall , and Victoria 's hair thrashed around her face like a weapon .
te	I	He wasn 't boring , but he wasn 't scary .
te	I	I still got there too late , but I 'd made very good time .
te	O	我向她保证我很好，只是为项目要在截止日期前完成而感到压力，并且她假装相信了。
te	O	韦伯正在通电话，但是他示意我等一下。
te	I	I blinked to clear my vision , and behind my glasses my eyes watered from sleep .
te	I	He wanted this chance to be with her , but call him selfish .
te	I	How proud he was of her as a successful accountant in Chicago and Henry told her about Claire .
te	I	I would run from this , but I don 't usually run away from things .
te	I	She stopped herself from reaching for another as her nerves were totally fried , but it tasted good .
te	I	His fear turned to anger in a flash of emotion that roared across his face like a flood and he saw the look as well .
te	I	I felt a pang of guilt and Vincent 's name was flashing up at me .
te	I	My chest pounded with excitement and I looked where she pointed .
te	I	I could feel the heat coming off her skin and her lips were close to mine .
te	O	他们俩之间有许多秘密，但是他仍然对她保守着这个秘密。
te	O	组织将会有变动，并且一些员工将获得遣散费。
te	I	She resisted but she wanted more .
te	I	She fell in love with him , and he enchanted Eurydice with his playing .
te	I	She 's still here , and she knows what she 's getting into .
te	O	你会赶上你的会议，并且我们甚至可能会提前到达。
te	O	格蕾丝打量着她新装修的公寓，并且她心满意足地叹了口气，手拂过柔软的蓝色天鹅绒沙发。
te	O	他摇了摇头，并且他的眼睛闪闪发光。
te	I	His memory was hazy , but he knew it , deep in his bones .
te	O	我一点也不喜欢这样，但是我不能在没有其他人的情况下离开。
te	I	Possibly it exists in its own pocket dimension separate from our world , and the location of the Labyrinth is unknown even to the Nephilim .
te	O	我的脑海中还有其他信息盘旋，并且我需要回去让它们归位。
te	I	Her heart was too content to care , but somewhere in the back of her mind she realized he had yet to say the actual words .
te	I	It was without signposts , but it wasn 't long .
te	I	It felt like there was sand in my mouth and my tongue tingled .
te	I	He was certainly looking forward to it but he hadn 't yet tasted the stew .
te	O	不知怎的我知道他不会允许，并且我把手臂垂在身侧。
te	I	This wasn 't one of those times , but sometimes I teased him about his conquests .
te	I	After she handed me my change she headed into the back room , and she nodded in answer .
te	I	I wasn 't fooled , but Roman had an amused , devil-may-care smile on his face that was typical of him .
te	O	你的赛博格身体严重受损，但是它是可以修复的。
te	O	他张口欲言，并且我屏住呼吸期待着。
te	I	He leans forward on the table once more , and his eyes flash with something I can 't put my finger on .
te	O	一阵恐慌袭来，但是接着她的眼睛开始转动。
te	O	他绊倒了我的双脚，并且当我们重重落地时我感到呼吸被震出。
te	I	Rabbit cooked a large pot of beans and they built a fire some distance off from the geyser .
te	I	He stumbled back toward Riley again , gagging , and his jump left him too close to Fred .
te	O	她在布料下什么也感觉不到，但是这个认知并没有减轻疼痛。
te	I	Without seeming too curious , I quizzed them about him , and I have met several inmates here at Frostburg who were sentenced by Fawcett .
te	I	I learned she 'd never done anything like that , and Casey 's eyes got big when we mentioned it .
te	O	海瑟同意他可以自由地与东方部队指挥官讨论此事，并且那位学者迅速离开了。
te	I	I bet he 's suffering right now , which makes me bite my lip with worry , but Zander has way more control than I do .
te	I	We ... felt we had more justification for our worry , but all parents worry about their children .
te	I	They 're actively seeking out new victims to infect , and the victims are flocking , like birds .
te	O	上次天气更暖和，但是她喜欢那里的每一刻。
te	I	They did their dance , and he grabbed another cigarette .
te	O	心想，他说的都是对的，但是我无法分辨他真实感受。
te	O	一个麦肯齐，路易莎心想，接着她的胸口收紧了，而且她的嘴巴干了。
te	I	It wouldn 't be enough , but the sergeant fought like a berserker .
te	I	It 's difficult to keep up with her , and she moves at a brisk pace .
te	O	她惨淡的笑容很快变成了深深的皱眉，并且她用手捂住了嘴巴。
te	I	I can 't , but I open my mouth to answer .
te	O	在我上方他的身体僵硬了，并且随着最后一次的冲刺，我感受到了他在我体内的释放。
te	O	就在他说话的时候太阳沉下去了，并且水中的火光也渐渐熄灭了。
te	I	MacKenzie stands near the door and we walk into the guest bedroom .
te	O	尼尔确实有一部神奇的手机，而且他甚至没有意识到。
te	O	我很累，头疼，而且我对这一切都感到厌倦。
te	I	I went along with it so that I could keep you as a part of my life , but I didn 't like it .
te	I	If he did it now it would just be too loose , but he would tighten the cinch before he mounted .
te	O	同情溢满了霍利迪的眼睛，并且她笑了。
te	O	华金的眼睛充满了泪水，并且他左手的指关节因紧握抹布而发白。
te	O	莎拉还没准备好让詹姆斯死去，但是她也知道，如果时候到了，那也没关系。
te	O	娜迪亚扔给他一件干净的灰色T恤，并且他坐起来穿上。
te	I	A slight smile spread across his face as he pulled out the work from his packet , and his voice was so soothing as he spoke .
te	I	I promise you 'll want for nothing and leave here .
te	O	科尔悬停在边缘，但是我从这个距离看不到他的表情。
te	O	那是一个非常古怪的词，但是它说得通。
te	I	I knew he was thinking the same thing by the way his gaze traveled my body and Nash caught my eye .
te	O	地板上挤满了人，但是有一小块沙发是空着的。
te	O	她的嘴张大了，但是没有发出声音。
te	I	Yet she wasn 't , but I had no doubt she was with him .
te	O	他的表情很痛苦，但是他没有提供任何解释。
te	I	He shook his head , but she offered .
te	I	It sent shivers up her spine , and Damien spoke in a low growl .
te	I	She never listens to anything I say , but I tried to get Selma to ignore them too .
te	I	Their reuse allows further time regression and they are currently limited in number .
te	I	Hard-liners wanted the death penalty , and liberals were looking for leniency .
te	I	There is no reason , or as for being somewhere you 're not supposed to be - maybe you 're here for a reason .
te	O	他在楼梯前停顿了片刻，并且我试图挣脱他的手臂。
te	I	I glanced at my watch : an early birthday present from my father , and the sun was beginning to rise .
te	O	他的认罪协议可能会受到法律挑战，但是他很可能无论如何都会入狱。
te	I	I crept back to the ledge and Time slipped by .
te	I	I still thought he might slug me , and the muscles along his jaw were bunched with tension .
te	I	His eyes bright and his face was flushed .
te	O	我超过二十四小时没有吃一顿正餐了，而且我的身体并不喜欢在如此少的燃料下长时间奔跑。
te	I	The others forming the circle around Maxim stepped back , covering their faces , and the chanting faltered .
te	O	头上的肿块没什么，但是EOS的残留影响正在把我变成一只瘫痪的渡渡鸟。
te	O	他的眼睛慢慢合上了，并且他的肩膀也慢慢放松下来。
te	O	他试图说出那些话，但是一阵剧痛灼烧着他的喉咙。
te	O	她很乐意与他共度时光，但是对她而言，这一切都是一场骗局。
te	I	If that 's what he needs then I 'll give it to him , but honestly , I 'm not really ready to stop talking .
te	O	菲奥娜似乎在和屏幕上看不见的人说话，但是科尔听不清她在说什么。
te	I	I swallowed hard , and he smiled widely at me .
te	O	泰勒最近没和任何人说过这么多话，而且是洛根的影响在鼓励他。
te	O	她停了下来，并且我们假装需要查看布告栏上的通知。
te	O	我发现自己对看克劳德脱衣很感兴趣，但是我强迫自己专注于已故的克劳德特。
te	O	她大声叹了口气，并且我决定再次改变话题。
te	I	Again they exchanged handshakes and Bellamy stood .
te	I	His new furniture building venture , and fitting them in between paid odd jobs .
te	I	I couldn 't find a comfortable sitting position and my butt was sore .
te	I	I was , but I shouldn 't have been surprised when he gave me the mother of all hugs .
te	I	They were beautiful all the same , but the flowers had not yet bloomed .
te	O	我试图坐起来，但是我又立刻摔了回去。
te	I	He began to lie down in his stall , growing weaker with each passing moment , his energy fading and she petted his aging face .
te	O	我正要离开，并且他又跟着我。
te	O	他们有五个人，并且没有一个是我认识的。
te	O	Gwynn 待在里面，凝视着一个家庭房屋的毁灭，并且他们的骨骸。
te	I	No other Shifter would touch her , ever , and Iona would be his .
te	I	Your money is much appreciated , but helping your daughter out of an unfaithful relationship was a joy in itself .
te	I	Everyone liked the match so far , and the fight had lasted one minute .
te	I	His lips crashed against mine , and he made a sound in the back of his throat .
te	I	He was a close second but the man wasn 't as beautiful as Victor .
te	O	他模仿我的声音，并且我瞪了他一眼。
te	I	These aren 't normal circumstances , Missy , but in fact , I wouldn 't even be asking .
te	O	他轻轻地捏了捏她的手指，并且一股热流涌过她的胸膛。
te	O	毫无疑问你们都充满了疑问，但是请放心，一切很快就会明朗。
te	I	I did mind the way my clothing stuck to me when I was drenched , but I didn 't mind water falling from the sky .
te	I	He smiled and Darken looked at her .
te	I	This time I recognized it and it was stronger than before .
te	O	我将再也不会以同样的方式看待世界，但是那时我也以其他方式改变了。
te	O	他不希望任何人知道我们这个周末的事情，但是他显然对那个她是谁有不同的看法。
te	I	It had to be done , but I had felt some guilt when I realized she did not understand its significance .
te	I	My heart suddenly felt horribly , unbearably heavy , and she pointed at the fancy double glass doors .
te	O	男人的脸涨得通红，并且他的眼睛因疼痛而凸出。
te	O	我不再感到恶心了，但是我有种感觉那是因为我的身体太疲惫了。
te	I	She had only glimpses of what had occurred and that may have been because Allen had his memory of that night .
te	O	她单手拨开了盒子，但是她已经知道里面会是什么了。
te	O	他有工作要做，而且和他这辈子见过最不可思议的女人缠绵绝对不在计划之内。
te	O	乔尼怀疑神的存在，但是她希望有人能守护艾萨克。
te	I	Cassidy looked so brittle then , but he wanted her in his arms .
te	O	他跟着另外几个孩子朝我这边穿过人群，而且我感到如释重负，几乎要瘫倒了。
te	I	She swatted him away but Blake tried to put his arm around her again .
te	I	Even though Declan had made California his base for the last several years , they still remained in touch and they had been college roommates .
te	O	她糟透了，糟得不能再糟了，但是她不想让伊莱贾心烦。
te	O	我们算是做了两年朋友，但是也许我对他一无所知。
te	O	他的目光固定在她大致的方向，但是他看起来正全神贯注地与人交谈。
te	O	她尖叫起来，而且我抓住她的下巴，把她流血的脸拉到我面前。
te	I	Many seemed to be enthusiastic rather than knowledgeable about what they were doing but some worked with evident expertise .
te	O	她的人民是猎人，并且他们是优秀的弓箭手。
te	I	In this moment I feel sorry for her , but I 've been too busy despising her for that .
te	O	火焰猛烈地蹿上最高树梢，并且它已经到了我们曾搭救唐的水边。
te	I	I hoped slow again in the second bedchamber , and I had to go fast through the first bedchamber , slow through the hall .
te	I	I 'm out of the circle and some other guys join the conversation .
te	I	They won 't be able to follow us and we should have enough time to get there .
te	I	He looked absolutely horrible and his face was haggard .
te	O	她不是啦啦队类型，并且她从未有过男朋友。
te	I	There wasn 't a man from my past either and there wasn 't a ghost behind the restaurant .
te	I	Fortunately a large one has just landed , and there are two other jets at the private terminal .
te	I	A spiraling staircase leads down the three floors and Cold brass handles adorn the old creaky doors .
te	I	He was pleased that Jeff was so accepting of Lily , and he could see that they were much better suited for each other .
te	I	Moses seemed to be stuck , but it was not time yet for a smile .
te	I	I suddenly had a tremendous need to find Kiran and a ball dropped in my stomach .
te	O	盖尔又开始说话了，并且本的思绪回到了他们的谈话中，同时他完成了给她的指示。
te	I	The intent she 'd sensed as he chased her , and she could tell by the utility of his actions .
te	O	噢，他正在我的厨房里彻底发疯，并且我一分钟都不能再忍受了。
te	I	I must have forfeited my own life to create that reality , but evidently , I made sure of that .
te	O	它凉如瓷器，并且它在她的手中转动。
te	O	他试图说服我停下来，但是我不想听他的。
te	I	They raced right into the city , completely untouched and an hour later Hank followed his company through the fields .
te	I	My hand came back red and I reached behind my back .
te	O	她需要结果，但是她必须先重新启动自己的意愿。
te	O	消息开始深入心底，并且火势开始积聚。
te	O	他无法伤害我们，但是他就在那里。
te	I	He 'd hoped , just once , that someone would survive and his resistance had crumbled .
te	I	She assumed that this tall man was the one in charge but there were two other stern looking men behind the serious man .
te	I	He had no morning breath and his eyes weren 't puffy .
te	I	Lots of them are abnormal and what I saw was huge numbers of white cells in the smear .
te	O	既然这是尼克给我的手机，我没有任何旧号码，但是我知道一个号码是背下来的。
te	O	夏娃是吃着它们长大的，并且它们一直都是一种备受喜爱的款待。
te	I	I held his stare and he stared at me .
te	I	Alyssa became their prey before I took my chance to attack , and morbid curiosity stopped me from acting before it was too late .
te	I	I used two more quick bursts to take them down , and as he fell , the others came into my sights .
te	O	我不知道，并且我不在乎。
te	I	I didn 't talk and * * * Aiden .
te	I	Brian drove his elbow back harder this time , connecting solidly with Nick 's forehead and Nick didn 't move .
te	I	That 's it , and now she 's running her index finger across my lower lip .
te	O	她稍微跳了一下，并且这感觉完全正常。
te	O	他发现自己只剩下记忆了，但是最终甚至连那些也开始淡去了。
te	O	塞巴斯蒂安没有理会他们，而且事实上甚至没有看到他们。
te	I	Her oil as sweet as the Ohio and her cylinders are as clean as snow .
te	O	吉米拍了拍戈达德的屁股，并且这只机械犬离开了房间。
te	O	苍白黝黑的女孩藏身摊位，嘶嘶作响，并且一条分叉的火焰将她的脸映红。
te	I	I didn 't look away , but I mouthed a curse word .
te	I	Countless calls were being made by civilians , and the entire map was becoming cluttered with red dots .
te	I	The magic only intensified as the museums neared ... and an uncrowded city is a form of magic .
te	I	Maybe there was more , but clearly the branding was to mark members of the blood society .
te	I	I followed , fingers surreptitiously unzipping the compartment that held the silver knife , and Adam headed for the front of the house .
te	O	他甚至不知道最基本的圣经故事，并且他对新朋友的行话感到困惑。
te	I	Having me instead of Mother was like having hamburger when you 'd been promised steak , but Mr. Bartell seemed content with me so far .
te	O	薇奥莱特在手提包里翻找手表，但是在她找到之前，杰克·汉密尔顿柔和的声音从后座传来。
te	I	She 's no lady , but she may be female .
te	O	他点了点头，并且我关上了门。
te	I	Robby knew that the shot had been given successfully , and a charged , electric sound briefly filled the room .
te	O	他们的翅膀，他能看到，正放松地垂在两侧，但是他瞬间明白他们已准备好战斗。
te	O	她又敲了敲，并且这一次“黑暗”乐队结束了他们的开场曲，同时她的指关节也在敲击着木头。
te	I	Anyway , they were probably being monitored , and they 'd have trouble believing her story .
te	O	树枝抓住了他，并且他把它们拨开了。
te	O	她成为了浑水河的小甜心，并且她偷走了所有见过她表演的人的心。
te	I	Jeff surfed across the table in his bare socks to try to catch him before he bolted and Kyle threw a peanut at him .
te	I	She could see it was an en-suite and a door near the far away corner stood slightly open .
te	O	会有人给她打电话，并且她会听到尖叫声。
te	I	For a few seconds , sorrow darkened his , and he read the renewed commitment in my eyes .
te	I	That didn 't deter him , but Mac kicked the wrench from Raymond 's hand .
te	O	陷阱已经启动，并且我们现在是猎物。
te	I	No one really knows for sure , but the uranium deposits in Virginia alone are worth an estimated $ 20 billion .
te	I	The grin on his face was similar to the one that he 'd had when he showed me his car and he turned .
te	I	I notice , but his lip barely curls up in a smile .
te	I	Flung her onto it and he forcibly hauled her over to the sofa .
te	I	The desk light was on , blazing down on the rune she had just begun , and the sun had gone down .
te	I	He didn 't , but she waited for him to speak .
te	I	I felt him walking behind me and I walked away from him slowly .
te	O	她拽着她的手，但是他没有放开。
te	I	Airing out the darkest corners , and shining her faith into me .
te	O	他示意我过去，但是我当然不能那么做。
te	O	外卖员终于带着午餐出现了，并且克洛伊可以把注意力放在上菜上。
te	O	她感觉到陌生人的目光在她身上，一种她熟悉的感觉，但是这些目光不知何故似乎有些不同。
te	I	At each successive nomination I was rejected by Dublin Castle , and that happened for each of the next seven years !
te	I	His mother pulled his yellow raincoat 's hood over his ball cap , and the boy zipped his jacket .
te	I	Further probing may reveal they have a magical aura , but the diamonds appear to be real .
te	I	None of them moved when she turned the key and she looked at her gauges .
te	O	泰南举起双手投降，但是危险的不是他的手。
te	O	老人对女孩们耳语了几句，并且她们和警卫一起出去了。
te	O	瑞秋摇了摇头，并且她的眼睛湿润了。
te	I	He was not instantly visible from the front door , and the chair seemed at home in the maze of the pawnshop .
te	O	她的姐姐就是她在找的人，但是超过四十年了，她没有见过她。
te	O	里斯在下个街口左转了，但是科尔顿继续走向公寓楼。
te	O	他的手那么大，而且比基尼那么小。
te	O	我们将近一分钟没有说话，但是最终美狄丝清了清嗓子。
te	I	The story changed , and enter my sister .
te	I	His soul was far older but he appeared no more than four years old .
te	O	他认出了两处可能的指纹，也许是三处，但是他也知道我们碰过那个盒子。
te	I	I knew it scared me , but I wasn 't yet sure what it was I saw in him .
te	O	我强迫自己坐起来，但是就像我踩上了一个嗑药的旋转木马一样。
te	I	I didn 't want to break shit and it was obvious by looking .
te	O	纳森觉得单凭那次冒犯就杀了罗斯特是正当的，但是他还得为米拉着想。
te	O	克莱尔拍了拍她旁边的沙发，但是乔希却选了斜对着的那个。
te	O	它不疼，但是它让他手臂上的毛发都竖了起来。
te	O	他看着它，拇指轻抚着伤口，并且他慢慢地凑了过去。
te	I	I scanned the room in alarm , and a chill ran down my back .
te	O	这太浪费时间了，但是这显然对你很重要。
te	O	小托利弗认为这一切都可以重新运转起来，但是当这一切崩溃时，他只是个小男孩。
te	I	She never brought her trade home and this place was for her to live in .
te	O	她说过会考虑和我一起去，但是我不确定她是否会去。
te	I	Her hand returned to her abdomen , and she glanced at the sunny backyard .
te	O	我在表哥瑞奇家度过了十七天的奢华生活，并且现在我将像流浪汉一样生活。
te	O	他抬起我的下巴，好像他是一个真正的爱人，而且我是自愿飞入他怀抱的。
te	I	When I do , the sleeve of my dress tears loudly enough to draw Elliott 's attention , and I take it angrily .
te	O	他们中的一个人暂停了游戏，并且他们俩都看了过去，猎鹰正在叫喊。
te	O	她以几乎规律的步态行走，并且胡里奥在心里计算着如果他快速移动能覆盖的距离。
te	O	她没有找到她要找的东西，并且当她穿过房间时，他失去了她的踪影。
te	I	Her trembling had returned , and she had paled .
te	I	I could try to do something with it , or I could either let it sit inside the piano bench .
te	O	杀死他似乎有点不公平，但是他提到咒语只是暂时的。
te	I	They aren 't real women , but I 've never hit a woman .
te	I	Not before she caught me staring , but I glanced away .
te	O	我不知道那是什么，但是它不可能是无害的。
te	O	他们摔倒在地板上，并且我看不见他们了。
te	O	她不好意思承认，但是凯莉说的关于她在邮箱旁徘徊希望偶然遇到杰森的事是真的。
te	O	由此产生的杂音告诉她，所有东西都掉了出来，但是她没有时间担心自己可能会失去什么。
te	I	She would beg and she would cry .
te	O	也许可以逆转，他想，或者也许医生能做些什么。
te	I	There were barely a few cups left , and it was stale now , having been on the boat for so many weeks .
te	O	赞恩最近似乎总是准备好打架，并且泰正在想不出办法对付他了。
te	I	You can unsubscribe at any time , and your email address will never be shared .
te	O	照顾我的父亲教会了我预料这类挑战，并且我在很大程度上能够克服它们。
te	I	Flung them up into the cab and he pulled out a hand full of round , silver explosive devices .
te	O	我确实有点注意力不集中的问题，但是似乎没有人注意到。
te	I	I 'm no detective , but I 'm a genus .
te	O	她试图挣脱，但是他却紧紧抓住不放。
te	O	她伤了一个，但是它没有完全撤退。
te	I	It 's eating away at my mind and Ella Micha won 't text me back .
te	I	She didn 't want to keep hungry men waiting and if she didn 't hurry she 'd be late for dinner .
te	O	我反而加快了脚步，并且一分钟后我到达了码头的台阶。
te	O	我知道他爱我，但是今晚我不想让他夺走我的幸福。
te	O	罗奇曾两次告诉我那是什么，但是那些信息一直从我脑海中溜走。
te	O	我已经为埃里斯工作了几个世纪了，然而不知为何她却不再信任我了。
te	I	He 's an only child and doesn 't hurt that his dad owns the place .
te	O	她不认识这个地方，但是她知道他们已经离开了城镇。
te	O	斯皮尔斯怒不可遏，并且卡罗尔保持了沉默。
te	I	There was a white glow coming from the curtain covered window and the room was silent .
te	I	Even the wooden chapel built years after his demise was gone as well , and I knew that the bark chapel of Marquette was long gone .
te	O	我停了下来，准备为瑞格尔辩护，但是大卫已经在摇头了。
te	I	The subject still felt unresolved , but the Prince let it drop .
te	I	He might slip himself , and nope -- too cold .
te	O	我们对视了，并且他对我笑了。
te	O	杀意在他眼中闪过，并且他向前迈了一步。
te	I	This time , I was prepared but the horse came back at me .
te	I	That wasn 't the same thing as thinking about it , but I had heard Cecil talk about it for hours uncounted .
te	I	He hasn 't looked at me since and he told me to leave him alone .
te	I	He moved in close behind her and his arm wrapped around her waist .
te	I	Another guard carefully carry Heath to a small outpost a little ways down shore and I thank him as he .
te	O	如果没人注视着她，那么这件珠宝就只是一份不错的礼物，并且或许能避免不必要的关注。
te	O	他的颅骨破裂了，并且他向前倒进了水里。
te	I	Her eyes narrowed and she was curious .
te	O	那两名亚洲商人均否认曾到过那里，而且由于没有证据表明情况相反，所以两人均未被起诉。
te	I	They arrived at the croissant shaped , cornflower blue , nurses station and a short walk from the elevator .
te	O	吸血鬼总是那么……酷，那么有掌控力，但是狼人，嗯，却是步履蹒跚的野兽。
te	O	维多利亚用她坚定而愤怒的眼神已经给了他足够多那样的暗示，而且她之后也一直躲着他。
te	I	When she leaves , I am alone again , but it makes me feel better , that assurance .
te	I	The sound got on my nerves , and it was quiet in the loft .
te	I	He doesn 't seem to take his job very seriously , but he must be a security guard .
te	O	肿胀已经消退了，并且条纹也已退去。
te	O	他的手伸向她的手，并且他将他们的手指交织在一起。
te	I	They 'd both reaped the consequences , and he 'd acted recklessly that night in the hot tub .
te	O	也许冰冷的雨让他从恍惚中清醒过来，而且今晚我可以说服他待在收容所里。
te	O	他抓扯着她的衣服，并且她疯狂地把它们剥了下来。
te	O	吊闸门关闭着并且守门人明显地睡着了。
te	O	他一定看到了我脸上掠过的那种羞愧神情，并且他的虹膜也很快地褪成了绿色。
te	I	Haruki had insisted , but he would have preferred to have had the meeting inside .
te	O	他的嘴再次吻上了我的，并且他的手温柔地捧着我的臀部。
te	O	那一刻我真的可以快乐地死去，而且我甚至还有橙汁。
te	O	尽管她很爱房子本身，但里面的记忆太过痛苦并且是时候说再见了。
te	O	电梯门滑开了并且三人沿着猫道走去，没有看到雅各布的任何踪迹。
te	O	索尼娅拿着托盘回到床上并且她盯着那些黑色的肉饼。
te	O	这里没有雪，然而地面潮湿，而且我想知道我离我最初的位置有多远了。
te	O	搭扣在我一把抓它时挂在了灯罩上，而且我不得不伸手去稳住那盏灯。
te	I	I could feel the anger building around him , waning when he looked back up at me , and he shook his head .
te	I	That didn 't mean he could be with someone else in public , but she knew they couldn 't be together in public !
te	O	彼得伸出了手，但是比尔拒绝了帮助。
te	O	我能听到远处郊狼的嚎叫声，而且我的动物们都有些紧张。
te	I	A wave of remorse flooded him , and the lines of strain around her eyes eased .
te	I	Lightning fast , he was between them , but she began to squeeze her legs together .
te	I	It 's really up to you and there is a wide spectrum of difference .
te	I	He winced in pain as an arrow pierced his upper left arm and he heard a dull thump .
te	I	Cain didn 't mind , but the cute dimples of her younger days were mostly gone .
te	I	All I do is spread the dirt around , but I try to run my sleeve over it .
te	I	After a few minutes of flicking through the channels a commercial for a regional trade school came on the air and he turned on the television .
te	O	他嶙峋的屁股不适合长途旅行，而且这是他经历过的最长的一次。
te	O	我不敢说我爱上了，但是我确实喜欢他。
te	O	他寻找特蕾莎以确保她没事，然而奇怪的是，他再也看不到她了。
te	I	You say that too many men are coming to our table and I wear a fitting dress tonight .
te	O	她不在的时候，他试着给她手机打了好几次，而且他总是接到她的语音留言。
te	I	You lose some and you win some .
te	I	He held her close and she began to cry .
te	I	I don 't care And Chihiro 's super rich .
te	O	扎克的嘴巴发出了“哦”的一声，并且他与绫子走开时眨了眨眼。
te	I	It might give us some leverage , but I don 't know , Sam .
te	O	他的眼睛闪闪发光，并且他的脸上充满了自信。
te	O	他们中的大多数人都无奈地耸了耸肩，但是布里亚向前迈了一步，跟着我们。
te	O	他看着我，并且我点头表示安慰。
te	I	I knew I would never celebrate this particular day again , but Ma said a birthday should be a day of celebration .
te	I	I couldn 't move and we got ready to head back onto the trail when icy chills shot up my back .
te	I	The whole project would fizzle or I could tell that he knew he needed explain this correctly .
te	O	我直视前方，并且微微一笑，如同皮肤上的皱褶。
te	O	他一定察觉到她在看着他，因为他稍微转过头，并且他们的目光相遇了。
te	O	天色太暗，看不清挡风玻璃后那个男人的脸，但是她知道他正在等着，以确保她安然无恙。
te	O	一个男孩膝盖倒挂着，并且另一个正在狼吞虎咽地吃着...一个垃圾袋里的东西。
te	O	白色的粉末斑点已沉淀在她的脸颊上，并且红色的条纹顺着她的鼻翼流下。
te	I	This is solid , but she goes quickly for the jugular .
te	O	杰克早就知道我们的事，并且我怀疑他并非愚蠢到不知道伦诺克斯的事。
te	I	Vin perked up , sliding off her stool , and Quick footsteps sounded on the stairs .
te	O	每次他们离开其中一处地方时，房产经纪人似乎都很失望，但是茉莉对她掩饰得如此之好印象深刻。
te	O	贤者们认为那样被贵族们凌驾是一种耻辱，并且他们努力不让事态发展到那种地步。
te	I	No one else ever called her Tessie , and it was in his handwriting .
te	I	It frayed apart with a wail , the cloth fluttering to the ground and my first slice hit one right in the center of the floating rags .
te	I	The cool air was perfect , and it was still light out .
te	I	She darted for them and Ever 's head whirled around .
te	O	突如其来的爆发吓了杰森一跳，并且他跳了起来。
te	I	I was quickly wasting valuable time and Time was off the essence .
te	I	It was hard to tell but Lauren hoped she didn 't sound bitter .
te	O	路德以前从未听说过这种能力，但是即便他也愿意接受。
te	O	埃弗雷特一直对她很好，但是为什么她的前老板会给她留下一笔遗赠呢？
te	I	The small army can move and finally the corn begins to ripen in large quantities .
te	O	他把她的手指拉到他的手上，并且莉娜感到脸颊上的湿润。
te	I	It had been a long time , but it wasn 't as if he had never been with a woman .
te	I	We tiptoe out of the room and Ella stands up slowly .
te	I	Ben turned the handle and Michael knocked on the door .
te	O	忽略格拉迪斯的抗议，他把她带到舞池，并且很快她就和大家一起笑了。
te	O	麦克看不到里面，但是他猜它们里面充满了气体。
te	I	It did not lose altitude and it did not slow down .
te	O	我的手指隔着布料抚摸他，并且他的头颤抖着向后仰去。
te	O	他们又敬了一杯酒，这更像是一种针对贝加莫雄狮队的诅咒，并且他们品尝了葡萄酒。
te	O	娜塔莉突然大笑起来，并且其他所有人也开始笑了。
te	O	他用火焰附魔了他的刀刃，并且他冲向最近的守卫时，能感觉到剑上散发出的热量。
te	O	我在脑海的寂静中说着，但是他听到了。
te	O	想象你是一只海豚，并且你听到一个人类声称海洋实际上是他们的。
te	I	Andrew takes him into the kitchen and Alexander wakes up searching for a bottle .
te	I	It smells like his cologne and I 'm still wearing Kayden 's shirt .
te	I	She 'd enjoyed watching him interact with the younger kids and she 'd been the only grownup in a room full of ten year olds .
te	I	He didn 't dare , but he wanted to reach out , mind to mind .
te	I	Tears rose to his eyes and Ivan sat down next to her .
te	I	She gave me a glass of it , and I asked Hana to give me water .
te	I	Suddenly all the air left the room and his arm was snaking around my waist .
te	O	突然她的眼睛睁开了，并且她把她的棍子抛向空中。
te	I	Their tempers were vile , and they carried bared weapons .
te	O	她在一块被风磨平的岩石架上休息了一会儿，但是她没有从她的袋子里喝水。
te	O	你现在可能是一名将军，但是你知道事情是怎样的。
te	I	Then he smiled , but the Colonel shook his head .
te	O	我不知道为什么我感到那些羁绊，但是我身体的另一部分却对这个想法感到恐惧。
te	I	Trask would be flagged by it as an unidentified individual , and it would identify Buck .
te	O	我们的关系并不完全是柏拉图式的，但是有些界线我们从未跨越。
te	I	She didn 't have to , but she didn 't answer .
te	I	Her grip strong and her hand was rough .
te	I	Pop was always in my leather recliner watching some game , but it seemed early for it .
te	O	本朝她招手，并且我忍住了一声呻吟。
te	I	Becca keeps talking , but I 'm about to ask where my mom is , because I 'm still not in the mood to run into her .
te	I	Just then the pharmacist calls my name , and I watch her leave to head down the aisle .
te	I	He looked worried , but I meant to tease .
te	O	双胞胎在不朽者的历史上一直是一种现象，但是自从禁止异族通婚以来，它们就不复存在了。
te	O	我感觉到维克多把脚滑上床，并且他把背靠在床头上。
te	O	他在那段喋喋不休的言语进行到一半时停止了砍伐，但是我不确定是哪一部分。
te	I	In the blink of an eye it 's over , and an unexpected sight , a dumbfounded stare .
te	I	I wasn 't changing my mind , but I knew she was about to try to talk me out of discharging myself .
te	O	拉什正在告诉布莱尔，但是接着就有了我。
te	O	他的父亲对他很失望，但是他的妻子害怕他。
te	I	She was afraid her boobs would pop right out of the top at any moment and the dress she wore seriously limited her range .
te	I	The answer had always been a resounding no , and she 'd faced the inquisition about work experience .
te	I	I was suddenly filled with the desire to stuff my face with them , but I didn 't even like apples that much .
te	O	他倒在地板上，侧身翻倒，并且一股黑血从他口中涌出。
te	O	我试图重新获得抓地力时，时间似乎慢了下来，但是没有触手可及的立足点。
te	O	杰克的一个朋友立刻打电话给杰克，但是他没有沃尔特那么快。
te	O	她的眼睛终于吱呀一声睁开了，并且她试图在刺眼的光线下聚焦。
te	I	You can 't , and you 're poor .
te	O	他告诉她，他的家人可能会对她感到好奇，但是他是在他们到达后，在停车场漫不经心地说的。
te	I	She had almost made it out of the room before he caught Millie 's arm , and he pursued her .
te	I	I was angry at how pitiful I sounded and I could hear the pain in my voice .
te	O	我挂断了电话，但是不是在我得到最后一次通灵感应之前。
te	I	She offered a silent apology and her dark eyes met his .
te	O	他举起一只手掌，并且小组在那个盯着他们的刺猬头少年面前停了下来。
te	I	She could see no other way , but it would be a long , hard march for both of them .
te	I	Jamie played the message , and the voicemail notification beeped .
te	O	你杀不了我，而且你也没有女巫。
te	I	It was better to face it now than deal with a slow leak , but I knew he was going to be an ass .
te	I	She was grateful for the cup of punch in which she could bury her face and her skin flushed warm .
te	I	The tingling electricity filled my veins once again , and a sense of foreboding gripped my nervous system .
te	I	I tell Sean to grab us a table and we head into Wendy 's .
te	I	There the rocks were unseen under the waves , but the only other thing to do was to slosh into the salt water .
te	I	Luke looked at her in surprise , and embarrassed , she repeated her words .
te	I	He felt the sharp point of a knife in his back and each of Seldon 's arms were caught in an iron grip .
te	I	Carmine froze in horror as soon as he stepped in the doorway , and they approached a room .
te	I	She set her teeth together , and a lusty wail came from behind her .
te	O	我以为我知道，但是我并不知道。
te	O	一个奇怪的装置连接在杆子上，并且我凑近去看那是什么。
te	I	I instantly regretting snapping at him and I was impatient .
te	I	They won 't know why , but they 'll know we 're here .
te	I	I had no strength left to stop him , but I folded my fingers around his hand , trying to break his grip on my throat .
te	I	He knew pain would come , but it shocked him more than it hurt .
te	O	他年轻时曾是死驴巷最厉害的打手，并且其他男孩子们都敬佩他。
te	O	显然他在那里有强大的敌人，而且我被告知，如果他留在城里，他们会杀了他。
te	O	我不是那种一遇到小事就晕倒的脆弱姑娘，但是我此时觉得我是有道理的。
te	O	我给她倒了一杯威士忌可乐，并且喝了几口之后，她放松了。
te	O	她把票给了泊车员，并且他把她的车开到了前面。
te	I	I bit back another curse , and it was a large caliber .
te	O	他们本该溺水而亡，沉入海底，但是他们却没有。
te	O	天哪，也许是蒂埃里...，但是一直以来，她都知道。
te	O	她半边脸是血，并且格蕾丝的手机在她身边摔成了碎片。
te	I	When Asa rose as if to go to her , she staggered back like she might pass out , and her screams kept rising in pitch .
te	I	It would really look bad if I didn 't , but I don 't really want to go .
te	I	His brows rose when he found what I 'd written , and my fingers brushed his when he took the form .
te	I	No one said anything , but their eyes were curious as they noticed Hannah 's stomach .
te	O	嗯，除了尝试，别无他法。
te	O	她再次面对一堵素墙，但是现在我知道该留意什么了。
te	I	Something stopped me , but I wanted to tell her that , too .
te	O	她微笑着缓和语气中的锋芒，并且他们在傍晚的微光中骑车回家。
te	O	他随时都可以结束这一切，但是总会有希望。
te	O	自从你和其它人被创造以来，我在这方面取得了进展。
te	O	一只手碰到了汉娜裸露的肩膀，并且她转过身，以为迈克回来了。
te	I	The attacks will probably get worse - and they 're not finished with us .
te	I	He had nothing to pin on him but love hadn 't liked her husband .
te	I	There was nothing I could do and I saw it heading right for me .
te	O	闪亮的黑发梳成了飞机头，并且噘起的下唇咧成了标志性的笑容。
te	I	Her chin high , and Cassie kept her face impassive .
te	O	他左边口袋里的吸入器是小军鼓，并且空的右边口袋是大军鼓。
te	I	I immediately chastised myself for the idea , and that part of my brain said getting rid of her would be safer for me in the future .
te	I	Jake knows it , and I want him .
te	I	Cammie began to cry , but she started to talk .
te	O	在混乱中发生了很多事，并且我的头脑并不清醒。
te	I	A television hung from the ceiling and the walls had muted pastel wallpaper covering them .
te	I	He didn 't respond , but Midget 's eyes narrowed .
te	O	朱莉看了一会儿，并且它没有让她感到平静，反而让她充满了悲伤。
te	O	我一个人拍这张照片觉得很别扭，但是我不能很好地拒绝它。
te	O	我坚持治疗，并且到了3点我就完成了。
te	I	His eyes turned incredulous and Leo 's face drooped .
te	I	It still made her feel better , but sure , her standing while Ethan was sitting wasn 't exactly much of a power play .
te	O	他想靠近，但是每当他往前挪一步，她就往后退。
te	I	Friends informed , and Promise fulfilled .
te	I	Lewis didn 't comment on his lack of enthusiasm , but Matt could hear the flatness in his own voice .
te	O	他的笑容回来了，但是它看起来很勉强。
te	I	They were all feeling pretty good after a while and they broke out the Asti .
te	I	I was jealous , and I thought it might be you .
te	O	我通常穿胸罩，但是露背连衣裙不允许这样做。
te	I	He preferred the stairs , but the elevator was easier .
te	O	我瞪着他，当波西和我再次绕着围场走的时候。
te	I	My head is pounding harder , and I feel helpless .
te	I	Other hands scraped around the doorway , grabbing for me , but the clone grunted on the other side as I shoved .
te	O	我现在应该正在给一个来自德克萨斯州的代表团做演讲，但是我发现我把最重要的文件落下了。
te	O	她挥了挥手，当阿什和我们离开餐厅的时候。
te	O	你看到我过来，并且你就往另一个方向跑。
te	I	Something caught his eye and he glanced in the square window as he passed .
te	I	Finn called a strong wind to carry the stone out of his hand and he held his hand out .
te	I	It was enough to cause me to stop crying , but it wasn 't much .
te	O	它像蒲公英钟敲响午夜一样寂静，但是它有压力。
te	O	我可能把他逼得太远以至于无法回头了，而且那个念头又让话语从我嘴里涌出。
te	I	I was here to destroy my page , and it was The Caster Chronicles .
te	O	你很擅长胡编乱造，但是我不会再让你跑了。
te	I	Her thighs ached , and there were several small bruises on her hips , where he had gripped her during his climax .
te	O	我不想去想它，但是我忍不住去想它。
te	I	He looks relieved we have quickly moved on to a much safer topic and his eyes light up at the question .
te	O	另一个玩家对安德鲁喊道，并且他回头看了一眼。
te	O	盖文被她碰到时稍微退缩了一下，但是他没有抽身离开。
te	O	我知道她可能会让我去，但是她会如此轻易地答应这一点让我感到内疚。
te	I	I place a hand on his shoulder to keep from falling down and the sensation of his zealous breath drives a shiver through my body .
te	I	I really look at him again , and we take a few steps closer .
te	O	她看着自己的手提箱被放在前门旁边，并且她用尽了所有的力气才走上台阶。
te	I	Not everyone in the mountain is , but David Pilcher is a monster .
te	I	She sensed he had a clearer understanding of where he was going with it then ever before , but his argument wasn 't new .
te	I	There was a hushed pause at the table and the emotion was not lost on Liza .
te	O	我的疲惫变成了紧张的能量，并且很快我就想喝一杯。
te	I	The chitchat commenced and Dinner was served .
te	O	我的喉咙里打了个结，并且我能感觉到我的心在疼痛。
te	I	There was a little part of me that was envious of that ability , but I rolled my eyes .
te	I	You can see for miles and on the other side of the wall it goes downhill .
te	I	James decided to humor her , but she was grasping at straws .
te	O	这件海蓝色连衣裙很合身，但是这个颜色不适合我。
te	I	Something in Will could not be soothed , but his tone was soothing .
te	I	My politely formal bodyguard was back , and then that familiar veil dropped over Maximus 's eyes .
te	O	一阵懊悔涌上心头，但是我需要离开了。
te	O	两位猎人异口同声地说，但是伊莱已经开始走开了。
te	O	这个拥抱让她的仍在愈合的伤口有些不适，但是为了感受到如此被爱，这点小痛苦是值得的。
te	I	He shook his head to clear it and the curtain of exhaustion began to descend upon him .
te	I	She 'd always been there when someone else was close by , and the club was huge .
te	O	给我一个好莱坞造型师，并且我就会扮演一个公主。
te	O	我眨了眨眼看着它，并且它就飞舞到我的耳边。
te	O	不是水滴从地下渗入隧道的声音，而是一种随着他们每一步都变得更响亮的沉闷轰鸣声。
te	I	He didn 't want to admit it , but they were right .
te	I	The lavender spiral arms surrounding it began swirling furiously and the pupil on the giant eye suddenly contracted .
te	I	He 'd keep it cordial , but well , he didn 't want to .
te	I	The entire town had talked of little else despite the details she 'd held back , but she 'd done her best to downplay it .
te	I	The blade was unable to pierce the thick hide , but where the dagger edge met scales , sparks flew .
te	O	火焰的粗针刺穿我皮肤的每一寸，直达骨髓，并且我无法控制地颤抖。
te	O	那是在逻辑开始高速运转，并且我意识到没有会呼吸的身体意味着没有冰淇淋钱之前。
te	I	Pointing downward at a different angle , but the blip disappeared from the screen than reappeared a second later somewhere else on the screen .
te	I	The cost of such a journey was more than he could raise , but he had yearned for those fair shores since he was a child .
te	I	I instantly regretted the cynical jab , and Kenzie was quiet .
te	I	Vanished , and Jason stepped to the left , through Matthew 's doorway .
te	O	他打开书到喜欢的一章，并且一个信封掉了出来。
te	O	她的嘴感觉灼热，但是她的两腿之间却因迫切的需要而燃着烈火。
te	I	She had to do something before morale hit rock bottom , but she had no idea what she was going to say .
te	O	我此刻正在下落，我发出了信号，并且比尔对他的特工们大喊。
te	I	He knows you loved him , and I know you loved dad .
te	O	伊森开始走上台阶，没有担心那个电话，但是我推着他的胸口。
te	I	He couldn 't move , but Bradford could see his finger starting to squeeze the trigger .
te	I	I sat back down , and he patted my back .
te	O	奥斯汀对着这个短语挑了挑眉，但是奇怪的措辞并没有阻止她的血液变冷。
te	O	布雷登以前也是这样，并且这个房子里有一半的男人也是如此。
te	O	我的靴子重重地踏上楼梯，来到一张桌子前，并且我的包从我肩上掉到地上。
te	O	女孩环抱住塞尔玛的腰，并且她听到前门关上的声音。
te	I	She did storm outside , but Kimber shook him off .
te	O	我努力让思绪保持专注，但是它却一直飘向对凯西的思念。
te	I	I 'll treasure it always and it was a beautiful moment in my life .
te	O	她轻轻叹了口气，意识到情况非常不对劲，但是这对她来说并不重要。
te	I	I came across a woman with a baby but I thought I could hide in a field .
te	O	他显然饿了，所以她怎么能责怪他呢？
te	O	用凯特的声音说话听起来很奇怪，但是我继续下达命令。
te	O	这是她当时唯一能控制的事情，而且她发誓她会保持沉默。
te	I	She shook her head , but he tried to interrupt .
te	I	My mouth immediately began to water and the tables were set now with food .
te	I	Eventually her body just couldn 't fight anymore , but she fought it for a very long time .
te	I	A figure motioned them into the dark interior , and the barrack door cracked open without a sound .
te	O	她最终会做更多工作来弥补她表现出的反抗，并且什么都不会改变。
te	I	I love you , and I 'm here .
te	O	我把手指放到唇边让她安静，并且她放低了声音——只有一点点。
te	O	我把自己置于你能想到的最邪恶的事物之中，并且我沉迷于其中。
te	O	马蒂亚斯总喜欢喋喋不休，而且这已经磨损了其他成员的耐心。
te	I	There was no way he was enjoying it as much as I was , yet I sensed that he was reveling in this moment .
te	O	我点点头，并且我开始用酒精准备我的手臂，而他戴上手套。
te	O	赞恩转过身面对我，并且他的蓝眼睛充满了情感，当他开始说话时。
te	I	Sam wondered who She was ; but the Dark Lord was He , of course .
te	O	现在喝你的茶，并且我会带你去看房间。
te	O	我的脸颊靠在了布罗迪的胸膛上，并且他转身把我抱到安全的地方。
te	I	I 've come to realize that you won 't , but you say you 'll find a place to move .
te	O	只需他那无比强壮的双臂一个有力的动作，并且杰斯就从他的椅子移到了她的床上。
te	I	It was a risky technique which he hadn 't practiced since Norway , but he judged that there was just enough snow under the tree canopy .
te	I	Those who did not meet the criteria were immediately rejected , and the precedence that the company 's medical staff had outlined was very specific .
te	O	可能只持续了一秒，或者也许是一小时。
te	I	The rest was up to him and I protected him where I could .
te	O	她的双肩耷拉下来，并且她坐到了柔软的干草中，感觉自己又让家人失望了。
te	I	It 's on my finger , and I return to the ship .
te	O	他在挂断电话前犹豫了一下，并且她知道还有更多。
te	O	她尽力记住路线，这样她就能不用跳窗也能原路返回，但是这很难。
te	I	Chloe is the only heir to Burlington Enterprises , and I 'm retiring .
te	O	他的双腿已经麻木了，并且他的视线变得模糊起来。
te	O	我只测试过他一次力量，那就是我们初次见面时，并且那次是为了激怒他刺伤我。
te	I	Her breath caught and Kylie glanced up .
te	I	She must be part of the inner circle , but she might not be the owner .
te	I	They 'd faced off , and the fighting had stopped .
te	O	托尼俯视着我，脸上挂着大大的笑容，并且一缕黑发似乎要落入他清澈的灰色眼睛里。
te	I	You 're next , or keep playing along .
te	I	Jax knew people could put words in a person 's mouth in this industry , but Ty was one of those tight-lipped guys .
te	I	Now he was here , married to my mom , and my whole life I had wondered about my father .
te	O	他从不喜欢谈论自己的感受，但是他正在努力改进。
te	O	她甚至还没吃过饭，并且她肯定饿坏了。
te	O	魔鬼确实改变了他的计划，并且上帝将其用于祂的善意。
te	O	我预料当我重新站直时他会离开，但是他没有。
te	O	他们仍然独自待在豪华套房里，并且他们之间酝酿的紧张气氛一刻比一刻浓重。
te	I	She wasn 't about to tell him that , but she didn 't believe he was attacked by aliens .
te	I	By then it was too late , but at one point , she 'd finally gone to the kitchen to remove their dinner from the oven .
te	I	The silence stretched and no one replied .
te	O	凯利给了他一个奇怪的眼神，但是她跟着他走向了桌子。
te	O	本应是宁静的，但是我却心神不宁。
te	I	There were several items to be gone over , and the major had been gone for a week .
te	I	She vibrated there in front of me and her eyes rolled white up into her head .
te	O	我没有多想今年该如何庆祝，但是我从未想过会在这里，做这一切。
te	O	那股铜腥味更浓了，然而当我本能地厌恶地退缩时，他的手却抓得更紧了。
te	I	I feel his erection sink into me and his h * ps slam into mine .
te	O	她总是以为自己忘了吃药，但是事实是她再也记不起任何事了。
te	O	她的眼睛开始噙满泪水，但是她把它们忍了回去。
te	I	I wanted to see Henry , but I had no idea where I was .
te	O	他看什么都模糊不清，但是他的听力却没有任何问题。
te	O	在这段旅程中，有许多人帮助过我，并且如果我不提及他们，那将是我的疏忽。
te	I	He clearly knew he 'd been outmaneuvered , but crawling off the hood of the car , Taylor narrowed his eyes .
te	I	Of course the choice is up to you but Garza will be a good replacement for the men 's training .
te	O	他做了一个手势，暗示他可能认出了她，但又不确定。
te	I	I was watching her without blinking , but sitting up just enough , I pretended to get up to grab some clothes .
te	I	She 's been avoiding me for the past few days , but I am in the process of falling hard for someone .
te	I	I don 't want to know and whatever he has really said doesn 't matter .
te	I	The wind came shrill among the rocks , and it was getting bitter cold up here .
te	O	她坐在了尽头，并且我开始换台。
te	I	Christopher merely laughed , but Sarah anxiously reached back to touch her own hair , hoping it was still well tucked beneath her lace cap .
te	I	A relationship needed more than sex , but okay , there was a mutual physical attraction .
te	O	莉莲狠狠地打了艾莉一巴掌，并且艾莉又回到了黑暗中。
te	O	我感到她的目光在我脸上，但是 我没有睁开自己的眼睛。
te	I	My mouth dropped open , and my gaze shifted to the bartender .
te	O	罗里没有闭上眼睛，但是 他眼周的困惑放松了。
te	O	巴诺斯一号可能是一个沙漠世界，但是 它肯定不温暖。
te	O	这可能是他的想象，但是 他以为他听到了来自里面的恐怖尖叫声。
te	I	If I was lucky , the demon would pass by without noticing , and I would attempt to stay crouched behind the boulder .
te	I	Fire alarms across the city went off , and warning sirens sounded .
te	O	乔丹的手伸向她的枕头，并且 她抓住了藏在下面的匕首。
te	I	We all broke into applause and the tension fell away .
te	I	The fires were laid under the big oven chambers , and the women had already measured out their ingredients for the day 's bread .
te	O	她盯着我的眼睛，而且 在那一瞬间，我觉得我回到了现场。
te	O	甚至他那可怜的副驾驶的命运也一直困扰着他，而且 那是一个想置他于死地的人。
te	O	这令人不安，并且 它只会加剧她自己的脾气。
te	I	While Clay posed his staff watched with great amusement , and a photographer was rushed over .
te	I	She let out a little moan , and mom 's hand had frozen in Claire 's hair .
te	I	He did , yet he didn 't have to do it .
te	I	Her arms are locked around my neck and her legs are still fastened around me .
te	O	它不在他们的衣服里，但是他们的姿态。
te	O	尽管他强迫自己的声音保持平稳，他的脸还是慢慢变红了，并且他的拳头握得如此紧，以至于指关节都白了。
te	I	He smiled and Realization dawned on his face .
te	O	这毫无意义，而且哈尔没给她时间提问。
te	I	Liz backed up quickly , and he moved forward to wrap his arms around her .
te	O	我的脚一直在走，但是我的大脑告诉我快跑，因为我们来到了走廊的尽头。
te	O	我们唯一要讨论的就是我们的旅行，而且他对此毫无兴趣。
te	I	Everyone kept telling me I was going to be all right , but I was pretty scared .
te	O	她很累，但是她不想睡觉。
te	I	His smile said it all but his face gave nothing away .
te	I	Carl 's driveway was full of cars , and already people were spilling into the garden .
te	I	His entire body tensed , and the action startled him .
te	O	那个金发男人先朝她的方向看，然后看向另一个男人，但是她怀疑在这种黑暗中他什么都看不见。
te	I	The guard wasn 't there , but I walked into the office .
te	O	他们向左转，并且在通道的尽头，有阳光。
te	I	I wonder what he 's doing and Anthony creeps across the bed , his eyes intently connecting with mine .
te	I	They 're happy with them , and they 've got their own preconceptions .
te	O	他以为她毁了他的生活，但是对付他并不容易。
te	I	He had to open his eyes and soon the sound became a roar on the exposed sections of roof trusses .
te	O	问题是时间还太早了，并且他的家庭电话号码在办公室。
te	O	他走过来时我把手臂放在桌上，并且我把指甲深深扎进前臂上方。
te	I	He thought of the other designs he had discovered , and it looked impossibly advanced .
te	I	Mary Elise at her pit bull most persistent hadn 't been budging , but Guilt nicked .
te	I	My hands fell away and he shifted off me .
te	I	I knew that my background would be investigated , and I was up for a Congressional Committee appointment .
te	I	Her face was oddly blank and Marian , Colin noted with interest , sat next to Sibyl .
te	I	We didn 't believe in ourselves , or we couldn 't take our relationship higher if any mistrust was between us .
te	I	They even have similar downtown areas , including the red brick streets and both are small college towns !
te	O	卢克随后又把我带回走廊，并且我们回到了那个小私人房间。
te	O	他没有回答，并且她慢慢地笑了。
te	I	I turned around quickly and Jamey stood up .
te	O	她瞥了德克兰一眼，并且他敬畏地看着。
te	O	他把那一针，是真的，直接打进了吸血鬼的喉咙，并且那个生物立刻燃起了火焰。
te	I	I was getting the impression that this was going to be my first time , but I 'd never been in trouble before .
te	O	看起来她正在织一条围巾，并且我想知道她是在为谁织。
te	O	我无法阻止布兰登，没有你我办不到，但是我可以尝试拯救他的受害者。
te	I	Cassidy kicked them off , and Diego yanked her panties down .
te	I	I took care of him when his brother got sick with cancer , and he took care of me when I needed a place to stay .
te	I	I want to tear everything apart ... and I want to go back there .
te	I	Casey sat up in the saddle and Goober 's ears again went forward .
te	O	内疚感哽在我的喉咙里，并且我发现自己试图解释那天晚上是什么让我崩溃的。
te	I	The whole wheat crackers she had on the counter and he grabbed her soy cheese from the top shelf .
te	O	今年庄稼收成很少，而且雨水仍然没有来。
te	I	He had taken advantage of it and I had shown him a weakness .
te	I	I followed swiftly behind , and Sophie lead the way .
te	O	少数人佩戴着佩枪，但是所有人都戴着蓝色臂章。
te	O	他的眼睛闭着，并且他的裤子拉链开了。
te	O	我不知道为什么，但是我能感受到她的痛苦，尽管我不知道是什么原因造成的。
te	O	梅森抓着我的肩膀把我撑起来，并且我感到有必要开始盘问他。
te	O	他面向另一个方向，但是就在那时植物缠结滚了进来，匆忙中撞到了墙。
te	I	I wouldn 't listen to him , but he tried to tell me that I didn 't need to leave , that our part was already finished .
te	I	Then Realm is easing me away , and they grumble something I can 't hear .
te	O	我的第一个念头是卢卡斯，但是 我意识到雷声中的那个声音听起来很熟悉。
te	I	She felt they 'd already made quite enough of an impact today , but not that it would have stopped them .
te	O	杰基不知道自己在做什么，但是 她很聪明。
te	I	Hell had poured through and it was as if the earth had torn open .
te	I	He didn 't push it , but he knew she was lying .
te	O	他们在旅途中遇到了恶劣天气，并且 飞机在佛罗里达海岸附近的浅水区坠毁。
te	O	它很特别，因为没有人体验它， 没有其他人通过它呼吸， 并且 没有其他人用全身心与它抗争。
te	I	The group walked away , Nora still in the clutches of the other man and she remained on her feet .
te	O	这看起来几乎太容易了，然而 凯德似乎并没有显得过分担心。
te	O	这对她来说是新的一天，并且 她第一次注意到外面是个美丽的日子。
te	I	It wasn 't in his plans and he was falling for this woman .
te	O	我已经很久没有过那样的派对之夜了，并且 很高兴能回到那个成就了我的生活中。
te	O	我的父母在婚姻中很幸运，并且 我是那份幸运的受益者。
te	I	It 's pointless , but I keep trying to get comfortable .
te	O	我与瑞秋一起工作，并且她总是那么开心。
te	I	When I look at him for an explanation , he sighs , but Alex narrows his eyes at him .
te	I	Everything that can happen , has happened , and one interpretation says that dimensions are infinite .
te	I	Yes , you read that right , and it was a mistake on the level of ' bringing a sword to a gun fight ' .
te	I	After all it was his very own special place and it was spectacular .
te	O	布雷登总是赢我，但是我在去学校的路上用它赢得了我们的练习战。
te	I	Tamra is only about fifteen , but he said she 'd come early to see his little sister .
te	O	我们没有说话，并且有节奏的音乐也未能打破我们之间突如其来的尴尬。
te	O	我不但仍然感到疲惫，而且我看起来筋疲力尽，甚至显老。
te	O	我不是贝蒂娃娃，但是我看起来很不错。
te	O	我一开始没有意识到，但是现在它完全说得通了。
te	O	他们走到门口，并且他掏出了手帕。
te	I	He 'll kill you to get to her or he 'll either willingly convince her to come .
te	I	The Hab started to get cold , and I let it run for an hour .
te	O	他转过身，抓住我的肩膀，并且看着我的眼睛如此之深，我怀疑他是否看到了我的灵魂。
te	I	Suddenly I regret sitting next to her like an obedient child , and Grayson runs her fingers through my hair .
te	O	我们不确定是哪扇门关了，但是我们认为声音对那些生物没什么用，所以我们开始大声呼唤。
te	I	After just a moment , I felt back to normal , but my head whirled just a bit from the instantaneous travel .
te	O	她本来打算重新考虑，想出其他高明的点子，但是那是一个忙碌的一周。
te	O	Kym悲伤的父母摆好姿势，手里紧握着一本圣经和一束雏菊，他们说那是Kym最喜欢的花。
te	O	一个小时后，我在回家的路上并且比我很久以来都要不满意。
te	O	现在他不得不面对他们之间已经结束的事实，并且她将继续前行，过上她应得的生活。
te	I	It sounded bad , but he wasn 't even sure if he knew what one was .
te	O	她点了点头，哽咽得说不出话来，并且带着最后一次拥抱，我们终于松开了彼此。
te	I	Heather shivered some as she prepared for the day , completing her morning ritual and the predawn air was cool .
te	O	她的名字几乎只是低语，但是汹涌的能量充满了那个词。
te	I	Clung onto my nose , and a green bud popped at me .
te	I	Given the circumstances , why would he think otherwise , but for an instant , I 'm upset that he thinks I would do that .
te	O	我闭上了眼睛，并且我全身颤抖起来。
te	I	I watched , and he screamed for help .
te	I	Rage shot through me , and now I knew where the two of them were .
te	O	墙壁开始移动得更快，而且我努力跟上。
te	O	他看到她的腹部紧绷，并且他把她拉到自己身前。
te	O	卡罗尔的膝盖弯曲了，并且她摇晃着向他倒去。
te	O	战斗的硝烟散去后，思绪涌上心头：血液喷涌而出的景象，以及挣扎的眼神。
te	I	Dad was headed back to Louisiana and she was moving back to Australia the next week .
te	I	All the light in the room was quenched , and he lifted a hand into the air .
te	O	我噩梦中的场景在我眼前闪现，并且一种可怕的预感席卷了我。
te	O	我点了点头，知道她是正确的，并且她给明迪发了一条短信。
te	O	她有一瞬间心怀希望地想，那可能是科尔比，但是她随后想起他开的是一辆栗色别克。
te	I	I had a feeling everyone would be out , but I 'd try back later in the day .
te	O	我跟着他上了豪华轿车，和简一起坐在后座，并且我们开车离开了。
te	I	It was hard , but I tried not to stare at Dad .
te	O	我像个小女孩一样咯咯地笑，并且在那一刻我改变了。
te	O	公园是一个大椭圆形，并且当我找到罗谢尔的街道时，我几乎已经绕了一圈。
te	O	全国各地的商业房地产市场依然低迷，但是它最近在西雅图地区开始回升。
te	I	Her head fell against his shoulder and he lifted her out .
te	O	他闻起来像硫磺，并且他没有眼睛。
te	I	Liz released the breath she had been holding , and he smiled down at her once before departing .
te	I	I need to do something to cheer them up and there 's a black cloud hanging over the Hutchinson house .
te	I	She wasn 't surprised that Michael had settled the score , and Evening Star was pleased that the terrible men were dead .
te	I	He 's here , but Peeta 's damaged .
te	O	他的眼睛半睁着，仿佛他已经死了，但是他还在呼吸。
te	O	他爱的女人处于危险之中，而且他无能为力。
te	O	引擎发出呜呜声，并且有一会儿瑞克不确定他是否能成功。
te	I	None of them is Lacey , but there are several patients walking freely .
te	O	他密切观察她的反应，并且丽娜咒骂自己脸红了。
te	I	He poked his head into the office and as if called by the devil , the door opened .
te	I	She absolutely did not care , and she was in way over her head .
te	O	我搜索我的记忆，想知道是否会有隐藏的线索来了解正在发生的事情，但是什么也没有。
te	O	我的太阳镜掉到了地上，并且亮度增强了。
te	O	我的内脏翻腾，并且我的肩膀猛地一抽，我挣扎着呼吸。
te	I	Gavin is so stoic about it , so matter of fact but it 's can 't be fun .
te	I	Then her face clouded with worry , and she listened neutrally for a moment .
te	O	她试图回以同样的姿势，但是她的眼睛忙着充满泪水。
te	O	这很难做到，但是如果你做到了，那么你就可以像对待爱情奴隶一样把她玩弄于股掌之间。
te	O	聚集的众神普遍伸长了脖子，并且随后有一位举起了手。
te	O	这不是关于他以及他可能失去的东西。
te	O	我与哥伦比亚人没有瓜葛，而且更重要的是，我没有违反任何法律。
te	I	I could force him to come up , but I can 't get down there .
te	I	I knew of such magics from my studies , but I could see no speaker .
te	O	如果真是那样，我的一部分想感谢他，但是我的另一部分则很生气他没有告诉我这件事。
te	O	卡梅隆等着，当炉火噼啪作响，并且窗外夜色渐浓时。
te	O	我的嘴唇微启，并且他用嘴唇合上缝隙。
te	O	我为此感到抱歉，但是这不是我的错。
te	I	Agitation seeped through and her voice rose .
te	I	She could never be again , and she wasn 't her old self .
te	O	我怕他以为我在嘲笑他爸爸，并且我冒犯了他。
te	O	他们找到一个山洞躲避阳光，并且马特在那里受了伤。
te	I	She wasn 't leaving me and I was taking care of her .
te	O	那些话听起来很勉强，但是我却不明白为何如此。
te	I	He has every right to be and he 's proud of their house .
te	O	他僵住了，并且我的一缕头发从他指间滑落。
te	I	She widened her eyes , letting me know that Kira 's words were an understatement and I glanced at her .
te	O	我仍然想把亨特揍扁，但是至少我不再想杀他了。
te	I	Ty would be the new spokesperson for Viagra and it would catch up to them one day .
te	O	我问了还在科尔维尔的朋友们，并且他们向我保证他没有背叛我。
te	I	He squared his shoulders , and his moment of pity was soon spent .
te	I	He forced himself to listen to what she said and Kelly was still talking .
te	O	她的舌头摸起来像猫的舌头，但是它却像狗的舌头一样长。
te	I	That 's not the answer Frank wants , but Truth , I have learned , isn 't dependable .
te	O	冷汗从帕德梅的额头上冒了出来，但是她忍住了没有说话。
te	I	There was something about the man that scared me , but I wasn 't sure what made me think that .
te	I	I don 't really care and I don 't know why .
te	O	你现在可以读第二本《光之守护者》了，并且未来几年会有更多书籍。
te	O	我检查了她的行动，并且她没有去任何不该去的地方。
te	I	He was just a shadowy figure , and the light outside was dark .
te	I	His skin is scorching as he presses hard and he grabs my face between his hands .
te	O	你告诉我你想要多少钱，并且我会付款。
te	O	劳伦斯觉得他的谈话单调乏味，并且他们从未成为朋友。
te	I	It made the chances less , but it didn 't mean he wasn 't a natural blond .
te	I	The recognition grew into a love affair with the fact , and she 'd assented to this early in life .
te	O	连衣裙开衩到大腿，并且一条修长细腿探了出来。
te	I	I smack them away , but something stabs at my neck , trying to tear off my necklace .
te	I	Now you say I have to wait and you said I could have a dog .
te	I	I couldn 't let them , and they were going to take you into the city .
te	O	大大的棕色眼睛凝视着她死寂的灵魂，而且她也无法鼓起勇气对那孩子说不。
te	I	When he had everything he needed , he 'd make the trade , and she would be in England .
te	I	My cock jumped in anticipation , as if it were trying to leap into her grip , and she reached for me .
te	O	我的身体全身都在颤抖，并且地面也在颤抖。
te	O	那只是水，而且他身边有知道该怎么做的人。
te	O	你的记者朋友在制造一个干扰，但是我们现在必须离开。
te	I	We heard her mom moving for the stairs , and Janelle tore the bottle of perfume back out of my hand just as I finished .
te	O	我并不完美，但是我能变得更好。
te	I	She was having trouble staying awake , and it had tasted a little off .
te	I	Fintan felt years older , but it had been just a few short weeks since they had last played the opening game .
te	I	He could see his own reflection in her enlarged pupils , and her eyes , darkened with tears , bore into him .
te	I	It was more movement than he should be doing at the moment , but she 'd tried to be still .
te	O	他的脸上带着不满的神情，但是它总是带着不满的神情。
te	I	He released me before it could even be considered awkward , but I honestly didn 't want him to let go .
te	I	Blake still couldn 't shake the tension that tugged at every nerve in his body and it had been hours since his therapy session with Danica .
te	I	It just wasn 't my thing but like I said , I worked for Little Rock PD for five years .
te	I	Selma noticed the dressing emptying from the bottle , and liquid dripped down her arm .
te	I	That was before his mom died , but maybe he was in the past .
te	O	它在肘部脱落了，并且他终于尖叫起来，鲜血流淌在草地上。
te	I	She hadn 't , but he might have known that Kira wasn 't in jeopardy .
te	I	Neither did I. I 'd have to ask Mum why , and they didn 't understand why I was Grandma 's favourite .
te	I	I will go put the signs out and just move everything out onto the driveway .
te	O	重量从我的胸口消失了，并且我吸了一口气。
te	I	The guards move down the corridor and his words fade as Serena .
te	O	空气中弥漫着期待，并且唯一投射在草地上的光线是悬停在远处树木上方的细长月光。
te	I	The Hunter was staring at him , and just shoving them away wasn 't enough .
te	O	她听到脚步声靠近，并且她转身去看是谁。
te	I	Travis noted the label , feigning more interest than he felt , trying to steady his nerves , and she set them on the counter .
te	I	They studied me with great intensity and his dark eyes revealed no emotions .
te	O	电视说你应该忽视欺凌者，并且他们最终会让你一个人呆着。
te	I	I splash so much cold water on myself it makes my chest hurt and I go back to the creek .
te	O	您一直非常友善，但是我必须拒绝您的邀请。
te	O	她闪光的头发漂浮着，仿佛她在水下，并且她的身体似乎在空中跳舞。
te	O	她将要死去，并且他会发笑。
te	I	His lingering seemed to imply that something would change and Steve hesitated .
te	O	英雄实际上是恶棍，并且恶棍实际上是英雄。
te	O	看到她让我内心一阵绞痛，但是我知道我看起来也差不多。
te	I	It locked and Nina twisted the handle .
te	I	They walked out into the subdued atmosphere of the executive floor and she missed Jim 's astonished expression because the doors opened .
te	O	他不知道我是否会回来，并且在我缺席的时候，必须有人领导王国。
te	O	现在我确信我的感觉了，而且已经太晚了。
te	O	无论何时你需要我，我都在这里，并且最重要的是，上帝与你同在。
te	I	I could see his self - control straining , stretching , right at the point of failure , and his eyes darkened .
te	I	It worked great , and she probably wanted to make sure everyone could see the flag !
te	O	我正在结束我所熟悉的生活，并且我的女朋友正握着绳子。
te	O	比尔能看出她正准备离开，但是他想让她尽可能久地留下。
te	I	I still held hope that I would be able to do what I had set out to do , but her logic was sound .
te	O	她用新的目光环顾着空地，并且最微弱的蛛网痕迹在她面前闪烁。
te	O	我试探性地尝试了一下，或者至少我可能已经低语了它。
te	I	Zane was too heavy , but Ty tried to twist out of it .
te	I	He could see he wasn 't going to be able to extract himself from this easily , and already their voices were raised .
te	I	She quickly wiped them away and tears returned to her eyes .
te	O	我会在里面坐着，并且你试衣服。
te	O	那很好，但是费思最大的担忧仍然是她的家人。
te	O	很少有人敢进去，而且许多人曾警告她远离。
te	O	温斯顿哭了，但是他无能为力帮助她。
te	O	芒罗以前听过它们，并且他对它们的意思有了一个想法。
te	O	我开始调查，但是她阻止了我。
te	O	我的衣服感觉太轻薄了，但是我知道有某种布料裹着我。
te	O	如果我需要看起来还算体面，她是我的首选，而且她总是做得非常出色。
te	I	Her arm was too heavy , her fingers too weak , but she tried to reach for the door to open it .
te	O	他们和码头上很多人谈了话，但是没人看到任何东西。
te	I	It wasn 't opposition , either , but it wasn 't encouragement , exactly .
te	O	他的世界是一个危险的地方，并且确保其居民的安全是他的职责。
te	O	内特告诉过我就是这样，但是我直到亲身经历后才明白。
te	I	Emma wouldn 't be doing anything special , and Christmas fell on a Sunday this year .
te	O	他们的脸上都毫无表情，并且他们的眼睛黯淡。
te	O	现在你是我的妻子，并且你怀着我们的孩子。
te	O	丹尼尔短暂地考虑过邀请一位寡妇跳舞，但是他决定不这样做。
te	I	He placed the limp policeman back on the ground gently , like a mother returning her child to its crib , and a thrill coursed through him .
te	O	他知道他们不是，但是他想给她一些能让她重燃斗志的东西。
te	I	The entertainment starved peasants saw this as a necessary evil , but the occasional death did occur .
te	I	Some things a girl never forgets , but granted , it was a long time ago .
te	O	那是个谎言，但是默瑟不会知道的。
te	O	我不知道这个提议来自哪里，但是它突然显得很冒昧。
te	O	我只带来了痛苦，并且她不值得那样。
te	O	我在一个新的地方，和新的人在一起，但是孤立感还是一样的。
te	I	It didn 't dislodge the hard lump of fear stuck in my throat , but I swallowed .
te	O	我像个小女孩一样尖叫起来，但是我什么也没听到。
te	O	他的夜间突袭失败了，并且布赖森开始撤退。
te	O	我们中没有人接受过如何在比侏儒聚居地更高海拔生存的训练，但是我可以从我所知道的进行推断。
te	O	他侧耳倾听，以防他半夜的进食吵醒了任何人，但是一切都很安静。
te	O	我希望的忏悔不是这样的，一点也不是，但是内心深处我感到松了一口气。
te	O	杰克做了八岁孩子能做的事，但是已经没有什么能被挽救的了。
te	I	My voice shattered the barrier , destroying the leaches that blocked our path and I screamed .
te	O	然后他收回了手，并且她又能再次呼吸了。
te	I	Jill continued and I nodded .
te	I	Everyone ordered their dinner , and the waiter came then .
te	O	他们确实只是泛泛之交，但是她却不至于抛弃他们。
te	O	我笑了，想象着当她意识到我安排了一场婚礼而且我爸爸也在场时她会感到的震惊。
te	I	I shared that gratitude with Jax and I still went in to work grateful every day .
te	O	我们摸黑工作，很快就掀开了一扇活板门，但是即使那样，开口处看起来仍然像未被触碰过的地板。
te	O	他示意她对面的椅子，但是她却没有任何表示。
te	O	我已经见过它，并且我也感受过它。
te	O	我想我就会直接走出去了而且你什么都做不了。
te	I	She didn 't want to check in case she caught him staring at her again , but she hoped he had fallen asleep .
te	I	If he keeps trying , he will suffer and he 'll never be able to prove anything .
te	O	他知道末日临近了，并且只有那把冷锻武器才能让他免于漫长而痛苦的终结。
te	I	The break in concentration disrupted her momentum , throwing her off-balance , and abruptly she turned her head in the direction of the sound .
te	I	The prospect of whatever this box contained excited me , but I had been in poor spirits just moments earlier .
te	I	He hadn 't even touched me yet , and I could feel the electricity going through my veins .
te	I	There were some questions for which there would never be any real answers , and it was true that her relationship with Jonas had some bizarre twists .
te	I	That didn 't mean he wasn 't second-guessing himself with every passing minute ... But he 'd known it would come down to this eventually .
te	I	I have no clothes , but I can leave the room .
te	I	I did feel a little better , but stupid of me , I know .
te	I	The boy stared at them as if he held diamonds , and Jason handed over two pellets .
te	O	有几个其他孩子站在储物柜旁，但是值得庆幸的是，他们思想的喧嚣今早被压制了。
te	O	他知道那个男孩和一些坏人混在一起，但是他没有意识到那些人是吸毒者。
te	O	她至少会老实交代，或者这张石脸将是她看到的最后一样东西。
te	I	I held her tight and my eyes drifted shut .
te	O	他们所要做的就是说服莉兹，并且这很容易，因为她那么爱你。
te	O	我以前从未见过他戴帽子，并且他看起来很帅。
te	I	Julie began squirming , trying to bounce him from his slumber , and snoring soundly , Singer didn 't hear her .
te	I	I look away , and Mach smiles just like the Grinch .
te	O	没有人注意到，并且我匆忙地走向城堡，心想没有什么东西会从石墙里冒出来。
te	I	My cheeks redden , and my laughter stops .
te	O	他可能不具备年长吸血鬼的力量，但是他并非无助。
te	I	She had said no , but I felt guilty too .
te	O	她知道之后会很尴尬，但是他们可以处理，重新设置障碍。
te	O	两个男人似乎都不介意，因为这多少减轻了工作量，并且他们可以轻松一些。
te	O	他借口去洗手间，并且当他回来时，他把她拉进怀里。
te	O	天色已晚，并且他看起来如此疲惫，以至于他们就直接把他带到了房间。
te	O	差异是巨大的，并且她忽略了那份剧烈的刺痛。
te	O	把琼西留在这里没问题，但是那个高个子飞行员撑不了多久。
te	O	他示意我进去，并且我关上了门。
te	I	Still , she would know how truly difficult it had been , but he had fought the crouching darkness on each rising .
te	I	It had nothing to do with the time tunnel , but there was a faint image appearing inside her head .
te	O	她的手臂挽着他的，并且他们的头靠得很近，仿佛他们在分享一个秘密。
te	O	有点痛，仅此而已，并且这些老骨头以前也经历过疼痛。
te	I	The power of the warriors was too much for them but the scavengers continued to attack .
te	O	我是阿尔法中的阿尔法，但是道格尔没那么强势。
te	I	His voice seemed to fill the room , drowning out all else and Tynan held up his hands .
te	I	She was looking at me and Piper was standing a few feet behind him .
te	O	不是，但是我现在太累了，什么也修不好。
te	I	He did have a weird sense of humor at times , but I didn 't think Darius would joke about something like this .
te	I	I try my best not to flinch at each one , and the ringing noises come at me like gunshots I can 't possibly dodge .
te	O	他认识这个，并且它绝对是雌性。
te	O	雨水像冰冷的针一样拍打着我的皮肤，并且我遮住眼睛，寻找我的妈妈。
te	O	他还没有迷失到无法注意到这种惊愕的反应，但是她饱满的红唇闪着光泽，诱惑着他。
te	O	掌声渐渐消失，并且观众们陷入了窃窃私语。
te	O	当我坐到他旁边时，他的表情变得明朗了，并且我们陷入了舒适的沉默。
te	I	Little tears of panic gathered in the corners of her eyes and Sarah asked .
te	O	我不知道，并且每当我试着去了解时，我得到的都是谜语。
te	I	I hadn 't been all that curious , and he had never told me much about his background .
te	O	事情确实发生了，然而，并且我最终疲惫到足以入睡。
te	I	They do need to come soon but it 's too early to admit defeat .
te	O	他散发着担忧，并且这让我几近疯狂，因为我需要证明我不需要他来关心我。
te	O	我的手指在那之后就不听使唤了，并且我无法集中精力在数字上。
te	I	She definitely didn 't want sympathy , but I don 't know how she interpreted my reaction .
te	O	新营地的基本训练对亚历克斯来说非常无聊，并且他决定作为突击队员加入联合行动小组。
te	O	他的肤色变得像瘀青一般深，并且他的身体开始肿胀。
te	O	威尔知道吸血鬼可以随意露出他们的獠牙，但是这仍然令人不安。
te	O	她问道，并且我们谈论了一会儿。
te	I	The faeries drew back , staring at me with blackest hate , and the new voice rasped through the ranks of Forgotten .
te	O	这几乎诱惑了她亲自去，但是想到要走路就让她打消了念头。
te	I	She could swear she saw him shake his head , but he didn 't have the chance to answer .
te	I	He knows I was forsaken by family , but he may not know exactly what happened .
te	O	他似乎正陷入一场深刻的内心挣扎，因为他眉头紧锁，目光向上。
te	I	I forced myself to ignore the unwanted emotion , and a twinge of jealousy ricocheted through my body .
te	O	这有一个充分的理由，但是我的超负荷系统没能理解它。
te	I	Then turning his attention to her , he offered his hand , and Todd shot back .
te	O	他在这个本该是他的男孩体内，但是他不知道特蕾莎在说什么。
te	O	就这样一头扎了进去，并且就完成了。
te	I	A bitter note crept into her voice , and she sniffed .
te	I	Their women could shop all damn day and Hmm , it really was smart , give the men beer .
te	I	The crowd quieted , and Ethan yelled out .
te	I	The gulls aren 't screeching at the fishing boats , and it 's dawn .
te	O	我能听到响亮的嗡嗡震动声，并且燃料的气味充斥着我的鼻孔。
te	I	In doing so she saw a glimpse of a chain around his neck , and Silver released Sylvia .
te	I	She confronted him and a smile lit up her elfin face .
te	I	She staggered into Mateo 's arms , and the roar of it deafened Nadia .
te	O	门上传来轻轻的敲门声，并且她妈妈的头从角落里探了出来。
te	O	他努力挤出一个迷人的笑容，但是他没能完全做到。
te	O	我感觉到自己正在坠入太空，而且接着我撞到了身下坚硬的东西。
te	O	她的手伸进我的衬衫下面，而且我不得不提醒自己我们身在何处。
te	I	Drake had expected nothing less , but it was a packed funeral .
te	I	He hadn 't minded letting her learn on him , but she hadn 't known quite how to stroke him .
te	I	It was going to be fun , and he was throwing a party tonight .
te	O	这无伤大雅，而且他又不知道。
te	O	你很漂亮，而且女人会色眯眯地盯着你看的。
te	I	Then I thought of what Archer had told me , but I shivered at his tone .
te	O	亨特模糊地点了点头，表示确认，但是他的手仍然按在主教的喉咙上。
te	I	He sat reading his book on wild animals and I say reading my Angel book .
te	O	我的心在胸膛里砰砰直跳，而且我无法呼吸。
te	O	我试图慢慢挪到尼克前面，但是他用肩膀把我顶了回去。
te	O	她试图挣脱，但是他收紧了手，继续带着她在舞池中滑行。
te	O	这里不是俱乐部BDSM的那一部分，并且威廉大部分时间都喜欢让孩子们在他身边。
te	I	They 'll be working for us , but they might not know it .
te	O	他们会相信，并且他们会跟随。
te	I	I 'd given up everything to keep what we had but he didn 't know it .
te	O	囚犯们保持沉默，或者他们就会得到教训。
te	O	我给妈妈打了电话，并且她知道你要过去。
te	O	我往下看，并且有红色。
te	O	人们总是说我爱你，并且这并不意味着什么太严重的事情。
te	I	She should be outraged and he 'd withheld the truth from her .
te	I	His face turned a bright patchy red and the owner 's eyes widened .
te	O	我想让他说他爱我，但是我永远不会强迫他给我那个。
te	O	我凝视着他，但是他迎向我的目光，嘴角一侧向上翘起，形成一个迷人的歪笑。
te	O	我一直知道和警察约会会令人担忧，但是我从未真正意识到程度有多深。
te	I	I snuggled closer and he kissed my forehead .
te	O	我让她，因为这感觉太棒了，而且在那个时候，任何美好的感觉都是额外的收获。
te	O	我回头看了一眼床，而且我脑海深处一个叛逆的声音希望他醒来。
te	O	卢瑟紧随其后，但是我们已经抢得了足够的先机，得以在他追上我们之前抵达拥挤的入口大厅。
te	O	我将不得不再次清扫相同的区域，但是我关心的是他脸上的表情。
te	O	他的双臂交叉着，并且他的额头紧锁着，仿佛他在沉思。
te	I	How shocked you would be if I told you the truth , but you are now a fine man .
te	I	His lower lip juts forth and his eyes are too close .
te	I	They 'll be more hesitant to attack , and burn away the stuff they intended to use for the war .
te	I	I was buying time but I still had no idea how to get out of there .
te	I	The Perpetual Storm made it darker in the outer swamp than any night , but it was day out .
te	O	感觉就像城市被清空了，并且每个人都被交给了那个巨大的尼科尔斯。
te	O	他们的目光相遇了，并且他知道她不会让他离开。
te	O	欺骗她哥哥的想法令人厌恶，但是他拒绝她的想法更令人厌恶。
te	O	他们生了一堆午间火来驱寒，并且接下来的任务就是让整个团队围拢过来。
te	O	爆炸将他炸飞到空中，并且当他落地时，他的胃正躺在他身边的地上。
te	O	她的眼睛眯成了一条缝，并且她的手放在了臀部。
te	I	Theirs was going to be one of the shortest divorces on record , but Marianna might not know it yet .
te	I	At the same time I was desperately afraid that they would , but I prayed for them to stop , to leave me alone .
te	I	None of it mattered , but again , the scoffs followed .
te	O	他说了些什么，并且我准备好逃跑。
te	O	他的脖子上松松地挂着一条领带，并且他的手指动起来打结。
te	O	一旦就位，他就有点像摔倒一样压在她身上，并且他享受着空气突然从她肺部挤出的声音。
te	I	The snow sifting through pine needles made her think of dust in an empty house and she called again , repeatedly , until the noises faded .
te	I	There was no answer , but he waited in silence .
te	O	如果我不杀她，她会自己解决掉这个麻烦，并且我欠她的不止这些。
te	O	我们款待了他们，并且你做这种事？
te	O	他的眉毛很稀疏，但是它们的深色让它们看起来比实际更浓密。
te	I	I hated seeing that girl cry , and it would just make her cry .
te	O	我挣扎着想要远离他们，但是甚至尝试翻身都会很痛。
te	I	By hurting our bodies , it touched our soul , and our souls were what made us who we were .
te	I	She looked up at me , and I switched the blender on .
te	I	He wasn 't interested and I talked to Ray about some other things .
te	O	浴缸里装了半桶水，并且几条一英尺长的鳟鱼在里面打着圈游动。
te	I	It wasn 't , but I wished it was enough for me .
te	O	我看到泰站在我的卡车旁等我，但是我停下来想弄清楚她想要什么。
te	O	她毕竟试图避免嫁给他，并且她肯定会明白，撕毁合约将是结束这门亲事的理由。
te	O	她的眼睛周围涂了眼线膏，看起来更大了，并且她看起来真的很累——有点憔悴。
te	I	She knew nothing more , and her face slammed into the tiled floor .
te	O	你本可以让我省些麻烦的……，但是另一方面，她的血非常甜美。
te	I	He 'd do whatever the hell he had to do - In order to survive , but it wouldn 't be much of a weapon .
te	O	亨利沉默了，并且我以说实话没有区别的事实来安慰自己。
te	O	这比我应得的要多，并且一丝内疚掠过我的心头。
te	O	当她听到敲门声时，这一切都变了，并且莉亚应了门。
te	I	He helped catch the rustlers , and recently I told your father .
te	O	过河只会拖慢他的速度，并且他害怕像其他朋友一样，身体中箭而死。
te	I	The rest her body craved continued to elude her , but she 'd tried to sleep countless times .
te	I	I look at Mara as I say it , but my father thinks I 'm speaking to him .
te	O	第1排指挥官已经被杀，并且幽灵现在有效地指挥着这个排。
te	I	We knew what to do soon after we got to our destination , and mostly it was fine .
te	O	房子的后门猛地打开了，并且杰夫立刻被至少四支步枪指着。
te	O	卡琳问了更多问题，但是盖亚没有听。
te	O	那是一具尸体，并且绳子缠绕在它的脖子上。
te	O	我以为他也在做同样的事情，但是他一直都是那种敏感的人，这是我爱他的地方。
te	I	I doubted they 'd want to tango with me again , and I probably didn 't have anything to fear from them , really .
te	I	She loves you , and she is out there .
te	I	They both turned simultaneously to look at the cabin of his old friend , and Mikhail raised stricken eyes to Gregori 's pale ones .
te	O	我耳边回响着他的话，但是我无法相信科尔会做那种事。
te	I	She could hear no more movement below , and the homeless man had stopped beckoning her .
te	O	凯特琳张开嘴想说什么，并且她的手开始抽筋了。
te	O	你知道我那样做，但是你还是那样逼我。
te	O	他的笑容直达眼底，并且我把紧张的情绪抛到一边，然后回以微笑。
te	O	我很关心我的家人，但是我觉得自己和别人格格不入。
te	O	世界变得一片洁白，并且接着它就变黑了，在我平静地飘远的时候。
te	I	Her anticipated arrival was soothing to her wondering soul , but the man 's deep voice rattled recklessly her empty stomach .
te	I	I wasn 't afraid and he was in control .
te	O	我的怒气正在上升，并且迪伊不该承受我的怒火。
te	I	She felt that surge of excitement she 'd always felt when he touched her and he brushed her cheek with his hand .
te	O	我抓住了米歇尔的胳膊，并且我们躲到了一辆停着的车后面。
te	O	那几乎是痛苦的，但是她不介意。
te	O	他的脸很苍白，并且他深深地皱着眉。
te	O	她解释着，并且我瞥了一眼埃拉，她睡着了，正靠在我的胸前。
te	I	Burnett stared out and the window lowered .
te	O	他不确定她是否把自己包括在所有人之中，并且他现在确实觉得自己不值得任何感激。
te	I	In that moment , she was glad she 'd agreed to go , but she didn 't know what the trip held for either of them .
te	O	她背部的曲线指向他，并且她的短裤向上卷起，露出了破烂下摆下更苍白的月牙形肌肤。
te	O	他看到她进来时转过身，并且他关掉了电视。
te	O	那地方很挤，但是那对夫妇坐在一起在后面，把副驾驶座空着。
te	O	疼痛沿着我的神经末梢蔓延，并且我试图尖叫。
te	O	泥泞的水坑随处可见，并且洪水已蔓延到离谷仓三十英尺以内的地方。
te	O	是我，还有一个我希望能见到的、不一样的昆顿，事故前的他。
te	O	警察的手放在她的肩膀上，并且他的前额抵着她的。
te	I	She couldn 't go back to Whiskey Creek , but Cheyenne might be willing to stand by her .
te	I	She wasn 't , but she knew she should be happy .
te	O	我以为她真的很有兴趣，但是也许她只是想玩玩而已。
te	I	Autumn felt her heart clutch and he stroked Abby 's cheek .
te	I	The sudden fireball claimed my attention for a few costly seconds , and the car behind us did .
te	I	The magic of the enchanter had long ceased to exist , and maybe it was his own self-pity that enchanted him .
te	I	He 's looking at me like he can read me like an open book , but he nods .
te	O	尽管她没有意识到，紧张开始蔓延到她的四肢，但是看到那条小径缓解了她的焦虑。
te	O	巴尔萨泽讨厌重新开始的过程，但是他必要时也能做到。
te	I	I wasn 't going down without a fight , but I was terrified that I was going to die .
te	O	那个男人叫她跑，但是他没有说去哪里。
te	I	Hey , I 'm a New Yorker , but yes , I 'm stupid , I know .
te	I	He pulled me closer but I tried to wrench out of his grip .
te	I	Outside was very bright , thanks to the snow cover , and the sun was well up .
te	O	我的眼睛刺痛，但是 我腾不出手来擦它们。
te	I	I could see that he was tense , but Rock smiled .
te	I	The children kept up , putting their hands in his pockets to check for something to eat but he walked fast , his stride long .
te	I	It 's got two shafts , but it 's a little rickety .
te	I	Zeke walks with me to get a drink of water and I stand up .
te	O	我不想这样做，但是 我看不到出路。
te	O	没有说过任何话，但是 戈尔迪安获得了自由。
te	I	Pa would have it no other way , but everyone of us hated it .
te	I	Unless she could shift , she never would , and she wanted to know Colin as a wolf .
te	I	I have a fedora fetish and I 'm Aaron Blaylock .
te	O	他转向我，并且 严肃感略微消退。
te	O	我告诉了总管，但是 他似乎已经接受了那些讨厌的杂草穿过大理石碎石长出来的事实。
te	O	我的腿环绕着他的腰，并且 他把我抱进了另一个房间。
te	O	我甚至不在那里，但是 我还是听到了那个铃声。
te	O	他看起来很熟悉，但是 她想不起他是谁。
te	O	雨水淋湿了她，但是她仍然一动不动。
te	I	I end up under water more times than I can count and I am never completely successful in dunking him on my own .
te	O	他们俩都没有受伤，并且他们的情谊显然还在。
te	O	我开始去抓她的手肘，但是她向我投来一个超音速般的死亡凝视。
te	O	他过去工作时间更长，但是现在日子似乎比以往任何时候都长。
te	O	她的整个身体因那股力量而颤抖，并且当她咬进他的胸膛时，她咬出了血。
te	I	The numerical advantage of the company pressing up from behind was not going to help and the space was confined .
te	I	Her sword burst into flame as she began cutting her way free of the mist beasts , and the Queen spun madly in place .
te	I	His eyes were freaking smoldering again , moving between mine with what felt like violent concentration , and he wore a very serious expression .
te	O	起初，我没打算接受这笔交易，但是汉克迫使我改变了主意。
te	I	Together they moved toward the stairs , and he turned off the downstairs lights .
te	O	凯西虐待艾萨克数周，并且詹姆斯没有做一件事来阻止她。
te	O	他转身逃离房间，但是他身后的门被锁住了。
te	O	她曾怀疑那件礼服是她母亲的，但是她直到现在才确定。
te	I	For a change he wasn 't lying , and he assured her that he had all the people he knew trying to find Betsy .
te	O	我怀疑有什么能唤醒沉睡的扎尔，但是我的小反抗让我感觉好多了。
te	O	五百步，而且陛下的大部队仍落后一千步。
te	I	We managed to sneak in without paying for a period of two weeks and Security at our new home was pretty lenient .
te	I	The blind began to lower , and he flipped a switch on the wall .
te	O	我需要休息一下，并且我必须做点别的事情。
te	I	She wanders off on one of her research projects or of course I have to remind her what she 's doing .
te	O	她已在心里准备好了要说的话，但是现在他在这里，那些话却说不出来。
te	I	Jason nodded to Kane before we headed to the jet , and we climbed out .
te	I	She closed the door by a movement of her arm and Mia sat slowly down on the floor .
te	I	I hadn 't even noticed , and he was so hard down there , inside his pants !
te	I	I had the sense that this identity is also male , perhaps a little younger than the protector , but the appearance was very brief .
te	I	It 's always seemed to me that trout are the most challenging , but there are other kinds of fish in the world , of course .
te	O	运动传感器已经触发了，并且他似乎正在移动。
te	O	他什么也没说，但是我仍然感受到了他的指责。
te	O	他们不顾尺寸穿着衣服，而且大部分衣服都太紧了，以至于被撕裂了。
te	I	I did not know what to say and the quiet moment continued between us .
te	O	他在旁边金属坑里生了火，并且一些热气飘向了她。
te	I	It was a near thing , but he wasn 't knocked over .
te	I	I shiver and Knox chuckles .
te	I	He didn 't pull away , but too familiar , he thought .
te	I	She didn 't break his gaze , but her wrist ached dully in his grip .
te	O	也许是这样，但是她已经不是他认识的那个米丽亚姆了。
te	O	她的嘴巴张开了，并且然后她猛地合上了嘴。
te	I	Once I started laughing , everyone else did , and I couldn 't hold my laughter in anymore .
te	O	她确保自己抓紧了缰绳，双脚也放好了位置。
te	O	他探寻她的目光，并且她不得不点头。
te	O	她环顾四周，但是房间却是空的。
te	O	他摇了摇头，并且她的心绞得更紧了。
te	O	你知道当有人盯着你时你会有的那种感觉吗，并且感觉就像你根本没穿衣服一样？
te	O	她感觉到他变得更粗壮了，并且她试图挣脱。
te	O	尽管他们看不到，但感觉他们与零号机齐平，但是他的飞行员本能告诉他不要相信自己的感官。
te	O	当他的嘴唇靠近我的嘴时，我正要扭头，但是他却抽身了。
te	O	伯纳德是唯一被允许触碰利奥波德之书的人，并且他知道如果那本书出了任何事，他就会丧命。
te	I	Stocks would drop , and if they couldn 't pass for a real couple , it would be deemed a publicity stunt .
te	I	He fell to the ground and I stepped out of his line of attack .
te	O	他曾在床上告诉过她那件事，并且她曾要求他信任她。
te	I	He lifted the face shield and Roth 's head whipped around .
te	I	Nicholas ' voice is as real as it gets , but my head is packed with darkness .
te	O	赛斯低了一下头，并且我希望我能发出咆哮声。
te	I	He was thoroughly enjoying this break from pasta , and the seafood was incredible .
te	O	那座桥确实看起来很坚固，而且他想试一试也无妨。
te	I	He could probably have got a job there , and the thought of serving as a minor functionary in some British colony had its appeal .
te	I	The path of right will have been nearly forgotten , and Power , in this time , will mean everything .
te	O	他们之间交换了一个眼神，并且书记员苍白的脸似乎变暗了，仿佛涨红了一样。
te	O	有窃窃私语，并且它们是对的。
te	O	我是人类，并且卢卡斯是狼人。
te	I	That is nothing in comparison , but I run track at school .
te	I	Vickie offered her a seat on one of the large , red sofas and the two of them gathered in the living room .
te	O	我有一瞬间以为我会哭出来，但是我用尽全力没有那样做。
te	I	A shudder went through me , and I felt as seedy as my dad in that moment .
te	I	He stood over her already , but she moved to get up .
te	I	She ignored it , but it vibrated again .
te	I	He flinched slightly , and I slammed my fist down on the table .
te	I	Motionless cars were blocking both lanes , and all the traffic lights were out .
te	O	我告诉过你你可以做任何你想做的事情，但是我必须坚持你吃正常餐点。
te	O	她的心跳停止了，并且她的手指变冷了。
te	O	卧室附带一个阳台，并且机器人正站在星空下向上发射短束光线。
te	O	他们被证明是熟练的学生，并且在几个小时内他们就能够以高精度射击。
te	I	His empathy didn 't pick up on anything potentially dangerous and she was easy going .
te	I	His vision swam and his legs wobbled .
te	O	朱莉娅又叫了一声，并且我跑向了她。
te	I	Most of that could be done online , but she still had to finish qualifying as a nurse practitioner .
te	I	For the first time there seemed to be more pep in his step and his brother twirled around .
te	O	我听到那亲昵的话语后倒吸了一口气，并且布兰德露出了坏笑。
te	O	安娜试图忍住不问，但是她的好奇心战胜了她。
te	I	His eyes were sad , but he smiled .
te	O	她口干舌燥，但是她颤抖着向前迈了一步。
te	O	威格斯来电话了，并且他想让我们在公园见约克。
te	I	Streams of sunlight still showed through the curtains , but it was pretty dark in here .
te	O	她聆听着房间里水滴的声音，但是雨打在锡皮屋顶上的声音盖过了一切。
te	O	他如果愿意，可以把你打得落花流水，但是他不需要通过打架来证明自己是个男人。
te	I	There is already a person in the way , but I try to slam the wooden panel closed .
te	I	Plenty of reasons for me to stay , and there was no reason for me to go home .
te	O	天气非常恶劣，但是他继续前行。
te	I	My breath caught , and I approached evermore .
te	O	肯将进行概述，并且克里斯将深入细节。
te	I	Suddenly the party was back on and everyone standing near the table laughed .
te	I	The few businesses that had bothered staying open appeared to be empty , and no cars sped down the streets .
te	O	一股寒意袭向我们，并且我偷偷地环顾四周。
te	I	This time he didn 't care , but as he hurried away , he heard the men laughing again .
te	I	They were all empty , but frowning , Hanna clicked on some of the other folders within the server .
te	I	She had brought a man of power with her , and the other witch was in town .
te	I	Clare will thank me for it at length , and I shall split them up .
te	O	马修的火把当时在他手里，并且他把它挥向大火。
te	O	四分卫急促的呼吸立刻变得平稳了，并且他的脸上恢复了血色。
te	O	又一串咒骂从泰勒的嘴里飞出，但是这次它们是对着门的。
te	I	He glared at me and his eyes flew open .
te	O	这只会以糟糕的方式收场，并且它让布兰德彻底从蜂蜜酒带来的醉意中清醒过来。
te	O	黄先生向机舱示意倒车，并且船缓缓驶入哈德逊河。
te	O	他的嘴唇紧绷成一条线，并且他的眼睛是炮铜灰色。
te	I	I knew he wanted to be alone , but I wanted to go comfort him .
te	I	In this case , beauty told no falsehood ; but certainly his handsome face aided the favourable impression .
te	I	The rope was far too short to reach the frozen river below , but he threw the bundle out .
te	O	她毕竟是我最好的朋友，并且我们总是互相接触。
te	I	She could see that it had left a bloody gash , and then the spike was wrenched back out of her arm .
te	I	Plumes of smoke filled the air and turning around , in the far distance , the whole damn building was falling apart .
te	I	She would be damned before she let him bear the full burden , but she might not be able to get out of this on her own .
te	O	她觉得那是寺庙的事，但是她能发誓里根也听到了他们。
te	I	He had wasted Spider 's money on a wild goose chase , and his father was as dead as roadkill .
te	O	它就在那里，并且它会告诉我们那些石头藏在哪里。
te	O	她的身体很紧张，但是它总是紧张的。
te	O	那些被破坏的房间仍然被封锁着，但是军警已经处理了所有事情。
te	O	校园很大，而且我花了将近一个小时四处走动才找到了我想要的车。
te	I	She smiled apologetically at James , and Helen 's face brightened .
te	I	She expertly checked out the rigging and the mate handed her a pole .
te	O	她的视野边缘开始出现星星般的亮点，并且她向后摇摇晃晃，抓住雪橇上的装备以保持平衡。
te	I	They were still there , throwing real punches in their fake uniforms and I rode back to the pretend stop line .
te	I	It all made sense giving what our parents taught us but this may all seem a little too much .
te	I	I certainly have mine , but Chloe may have her intentions .
te	O	杰克从未为难过他，但是特德总是避他如瘟疫。
te	I	When he finished his song , he pulled her up on the stage with him , and he had a beautiful voice .
te	O	那个男人挣扎着试图把自己拉进船里，但是他太迟了。
te	I	None would budge but he pushed on some of them .
te	I	I was helpless where she was concerned and there were so many things she 'd wanted to know .
te	O	泰的推理完全合理，但是受托人摇了摇头。
te	I	Her hand was shaking hard , but she tried to scroll through her numbers casually .
te	I	Her long hair fell loose around her shoulders , and she no longer wore her braids .
te	O	几个小时过去了，并且我了解了更多关于达蒙的事情。
te	O	我人人都不愿意见到的人，而且当我在地表偶然遇到罕见的凡人时，他们都逃走了。
te	O	我出去是为了发生性关系，而且我反而进了急诊室。
te	O	我本该知道这不容易，但是这必须完成。
te	I	I reminded myself daily that he loved me , but the guilt of Jace would never leave me .
te	O	他们显然已经失去了斗志，并且他们的骑兵残部逃之夭夭。
te	O	我们发射了，并且我连续几周看着蓝白条纹的地球随着距离越来越远而缩小。
te	O	他们进去了，并且西蒙关上了门。
te	I	It only dropped him to his knees , but the blow should have killed him instantly .
te	O	努力追寻他雪中的足迹时，我的眼睛湿润了，并且泪水中的盐分加剧了刺痛感。
te	O	我问道，并且他在我面前蹲下了。
te	I	Her shoulders hitched as she dragged in a deeper breath and Kat 's lashes fluttered .
te	O	袖子会遮住你的手臂，并且你会更好地融入。
te	O	马车无法在巨石中穿行，并且车上的人需要步行最后一英里。
te	I	Bella got Rocky Mountain Fever a couple months ago , but I don 't know if you heard .
te	I	He didn 't budge , but she pushed at him .
te	O	砰砰声再次响起，并且电话线安静了下来。
te	O	一张愁苦的表情可能会让血液变酸，并且每个人都知道酸血会导致脸上长痘。
te	I	She wound the window down to speak and he shut the door .
te	O	对马车来说有点崎岖，但是如果你步行的话，那对你来说不成问题。
te	I	He couldn 't picture the specifics of his time spent with Rose and his memory was suddenly fuzzy .
te	I	She didn 't seem to notice as she slid into the car , but the realization brought his feelings of anger to the surface once more .
te	I	I can provide the funds for the voyage , and you will need money to travel to Scotland .
te	I	I was severely outnumbered , but I started to struggle .
te	I	He tastes blood in his mouth and his head is pounding from the knockout blow .
te	I	His teeth were red and he smiled .
te	I	Kaspar remained rigid , but I loosened .
te	O	他们从大人到小孩都有，并且所有人都警惕地盯着她看。
te	I	He stopped talking and his voice broke .
te	I	You had no explanation as to why , and they left you .
te	I	Working late on Saturday hadn 't , but the extra money had been pleasant .
te	I	Our units there are resisting and there is currently an engagement occurring near the landing site .
te	I	I shivered in my flimsy silk dress , and the heat of his breath reminded me just how cold it was in the ballroom .
te	I	His tears dampened her hair , and he wrapped his arms around her tightly .
te	I	I shifted on my feet , and Shame bit at my skin .
te	O	他在感情方面可能很难攻破，但是 我看到他在你身边时神采飞扬。
te	O	他很少能让我崩溃，并且 当他做到时，这给他带来了最大的满足感。
te	I	His smile grew crooked , and he raised an eyebrow .
te	I	I let him take my hand this time and he sat up .
te	O	我不会乞求生命，并且 我也绝不会像林子里过度发情的猩猩那样求爱。
te	O	我的下巴差点掉到地上，但是 我紧紧地抿住嘴唇以掩饰我的震惊。
te	O	他已经很多年没有抽过任何东西了，并且 他从不抽香烟。
te	O	我打电话是想告诉他关于我父亲的口信，但是 他不在家。
te	I	I crashed to the ground disc in hand and the field let go .
te	I	She blinked them back , afraid her eyelashes would fall off and she felt tears rising .
te	O	朱利安现在看着熟睡的她，并且 他抚摸着她的手。
te	O	气氛随着这个消息而轻松起来，并且 我们大家也聊得更多了。
te	O	他听起来很疲惫，并且如果他取消今晚的到来，她真的不会责怪他。
te	I	She looks up when Five speaks , but six 's brow was knit in consternation when I first entered .
te	O	我没有太多空间来预备发力，但是我毕竟是个超自然生物。
te	I	It turns out he wasn 't doing the game this year , but I was looking forward to John Madden 's Turkey Leg awards .
te	O	我们会把这件事解决好，但是我这周末必须回去。
te	I	She didn 't care , but maybe this made her stupid .
te	I	He wanted me and I had turned him on .
te	I	He looked down into the abyss , and it parted abruptly .
te	I	It was permanent , and it was real .
te	O	她随着哼唱，心情也好了起来，而且事情只会越来越好。
te	I	You haven 't been to Wrigley in , what , two years , and you get splotchy in the sun ?
te	I	She felt as though she couldn 't breathe , but she wasn 't sure what was taking over .
te	O	他的手指用力掐进我的手臂，但是我一句话也没说。
te	O	我曾参加青年小组，并且我过去很喜欢和其他孩子一起玩游戏。
te	I	I giggled softly , but I tried not to laugh .
te	I	No safe choices remain for her , but I lament sending her into danger .
te	I	That was all this was , and he knew coincidences happened all the time .
te	I	It started with no problem , and in the end he simply inserted the key , turned it .
te	I	Though she rarely blushed , she thought she was indeed turning red , and she laughed .
te	O	我的目光终于落在他身上，并且我决定不再抵抗。
te	I	She was not capable of lining her words and the recent shock had stripped her soul bare .
te	O	起初，她没觉得发生了什么，但是随后她感到又一阵那种感觉向她袭袭来。
te	I	Now the two are wrapped by a cocoon of light hiding them completely , but Victoria watches the scene carefully .
te	I	You would be wrong , but you would think that a hundred years would be long enough to get what you want .
te	O	她那精心染的金发让她看起来年轻了好几岁，并且她那相对平滑的脸庞一如既往地美丽。
te	O	他走开了，并且我让他走了。
te	O	我还年轻，并且我想要朋友。
te	I	Artists had their work displayed and everywhere I looked musicians performed .
te	O	她伸手去拿她的包，但是弗朗哥却把它举得够不着。
te	O	他挥了挥手，在她周围卷起一股火焰洪流，但是再次，它没有碰到她的皮肤。
te	O	货车的门猛地打开，并且我们涌到了柏油路上。
te	I	He never shuts up about it , and his board is his most prized possession .
te	I	He led her out from the room , and Reece placed her arm in his .
te	O	我从来都不是冬天的爱好者，但是今天我却明白了为什么这么多人喜欢它。
te	I	Plants held flowers that inspired romance , and shimmering rocks supported strategically placed vines .
te	I	For now I can only focus on the fact that I saw it , but God , it 's too late in more than one way .
te	O	它的底部溅上了一点泥浆，但是其他一切都完好无损。
te	O	她差点被最后那几个字噎住，并且她不得不停下来。
te	I	Sebastian need to leave immediately and jericho you .
te	O	米沙转向岸边，并且一个码头从雾中出现了。
te	O	他曾向罗丹承诺过他不会去见埃琳娜，但是他没有承诺过不去她的梦里看她。
te	I	Hannah had an answer for that , too , but Gabe thought Brent had a pretty good point .
te	I	It existed in the molecular structure of silver , and he discovered the secret to containing his creations .
te	I	Instead I felt skeptical , but I should have felt excited .
te	O	明天，她的生活会重新开始，并且她会成为一个全新的人。
te	I	I figured she 'd done this many times before , and she was all business , no doubt about that .
te	O	它贴着我的皮肤很温暖，并且他带着一种反常的迷恋看着。
te	O	痛苦的泪水顺着她丰满的脸颊流下，并且她咬着下唇来抑制住哭泣。
te	O	劳埃德让丽贝卡住进了两次医院，而且她现在值得拥有一些幸福，因为那个利用过她的男人已经走了。
te	O	最后那句评论不公平，但是我稍后会处理它。
te	I	He was perhaps a bit too fond of dark brown ale and he had never been fond of physical labor .
te	O	我就是不想再假装感兴趣了，并且接着我终于告诉他我不想再约会了。
te	I	Marlon joked about behind her and * * * Pandora gazed across the lake , deep in thought as James .
te	I	She 'd felt his loss to the marrow of her bones , and he 'd been a loving man with a zest for life .
te	O	说实话，他很紧张，但是我不认为这和吉姆有太大关系。
te	I	She knew she had their undivided attention , and they all returned their gaze to her .
te	O	红衫男对我们三个女孩露出了一个大大的笑容，但是他的棕色眼睛在与金伯利对视时亮了起来。
te	O	他不常用他的法拉利来吸引女人的注意，但是他知道这是对付这个女人的最佳武器。
te	I	There ´ s just too many but I try to take their hands off me .
te	O	那时她的牙齿安全地收在紧闭的嘴里，但是我没打算给她任何武装自己的理由。
te	I	They found the horse in good condition and the walk required about half an hour .
te	I	As the picture of the devastation inside replayed in his head , he lost the brief struggle , but he almost kept his breakfast down .
te	O	你永远不会了解他们，但是有时你会选择信任他们。
te	I	The creature dropped a hundred feet in altitude and she tugged on the reins of her griffon .
te	I	My heart was beating a thousand times too fast and my smile turned upside down .
te	O	我们是他的整个世界，并且没有人会伤害他的姐妹。
te	I	I learned that I had to accept help if I wanted to get well , but it was a painful lesson .
te	I	I was tempted to let it take its course without me , and I had an ominous sense of the way the night was going .
te	I	His account dovetailed with Edmund 's just without the religious shadings , but I wasn 't altogether sure whether I believed him .
te	O	那里有一个酒吧，我猜那里以前是马厩，并且现在它正在被充分利用。
te	O	他滔滔不绝地讲方程式，就像你我可能会滔滔不绝地讲汤食谱一样。
te	O	他可能没有靠战斗谋生，但是他知道在这样的情况下他能使用什么武器。
te	O	届时他的父亲已被杀害，并且他的妹妹被入侵者掳走。
te	O	他们假装想要保护她，防止她的预言被不择手段的人利用，但是我认为他们实际上是在敲诈勒索。
te	I	Nobody helped him to find his lost red T-shirt , but Raj asked every member of our house , desperately .
te	I	The thug dropped to the ground , and he drove the end of the cane into Goon A 's neck .
te	I	The screen flickered to life , and Leah pressed the power button .
te	O	这对莉莉来说似乎不近人情，但是我不会让我的不悦爆发。
te	O	他看到安东尼摇头，并且雅各布迅速纠正了自己。
te	O	他试图让自己的声音听起来很平静，但是步枪无疑破坏了这种效果。
te	I	The feeling of the carpet against my cheek disappeared and Pain screamed through me .
te	O	彼得坚持做后卫，以防万一，但是真正的原因是他的关节炎今天又犯了。
te	I	He squinted at me through the window , confusion contorting his face and Harry 's head shot up .
te	O	她一旦到了那里，就尽力休息，但是城市持续汹涌的喧嚣让她难以安宁。
te	I	I wasn 't going for one of my knives , but McAllister tensed .
te	I	The glance she threw his way held more than a hint of nervousness , and Noelle was still with the director .
te	I	I shake it and Mrs. Z holds out her hand .
te	O	这预示着重大消息，但是它似乎也带有一些棘手的问题。
te	I	It would almost double over the next few weeks , and later reports would verify that the loss in human life was already several times that figure .
te	O	她的生活将永远改变，并且也许那是一件好事。
te	O	愤怒让盖布的声音颤抖，并且他太阳穴的血管看起来快要爆裂了。
te	O	她随后把她的鞋子递给他，并且随着又一次准确的抛掷，它们也安全地落在了干燥的地面上。
te	O	我不知道我们能做什么，但是我们会想出办法的。
te	I	She cut off his protest with a sharp shake of her head , but his accusing stare felt hot .
te	I	She knelt beside Dougal , but Misty 's head spun .
te	I	Steve found a new visitor to Old Forks Road Lodge , as he had renamed the property and * Summer came with the school holidays .
te	I	He won 't see Burke hanged but Culver figures you 're all guilty .
te	O	他的脸亮了起来，并且她看到一丝回忆的影子在他的眼中闪过。
te	O	我问了加布里埃尔，已经知道答案，但是无法相信这种厚颜无耻。
te	O	区别在于，过去那些恶魔想让她爱上某人，但是她从未那样做。
te	O	脚步声中的某些东西让我觉得会是黑骑士本人，而且我没有失望。
te	I	It sounds believable , but I have no way of knowing if this is true .
te	O	我问她怎么了，但是她不回答我。
te	O	我强颜欢笑，但是他的面部表情丝毫没有软化。
te	I	Then she ought to let them take the lead in everything else , but she ought to be able to back them up on the street .
te	O	他笑了，并且她知道她已经把自己陷入困境。
te	I	The weight on him disappeared , and he heard a whimper .
te	I	Time seemed to be dragging , but I didn 't know how many hours had passed since we 'd been on the roof .
te	O	罗兰不会在众人面前承认，但是我知那句话让他很高兴。
te	I	I needed to be there for him and he was getting a pacemaker .
te	I	His eyes still looked sad but he smiled .
te	I	He wanted to shout them and the words came to him now .
te	I	My feelings for her never went away , but I might not have shown my love the way I should have .
te	I	It sounded good - and I was playing faster than my usual tempo , throwing in a few licks , vibrato , some nifty transitional phrases .
te	I	Then I came up with a solution , and I fumed about it for a while .
te	O	如果说有什么的话，他想尽可能地远离他们，但是在一个凡人公司中找到一个类似的职位是不可能的。
te	I	It stemmed the pain , for now at least , but it wasn 't exactly the most glamorous thing in the world .
te	O	她挑衅地迎上他的目光，但是那里也有痛苦。
te	I	We knew they would not touch us with their weapons and when we closed our eyes our minds touched .
te	I	Her insides curled with a rush of pleasure and she caught a whiff of his masculine scent .
te	I	Hart opened the front door with his key , and the town coach rumbled away .
te	I	Lydia called him back , but Sid at first followed .
te	I	That doesn 't mean she 's guaranteed to succeed , but I know she 'll try to kill me .
te	O	那个号码没有被屏蔽，但是即使被屏蔽了，那也不能保证什么。
te	O	她回了他一个微笑，但是不知为何，她知道自己并没有他那么明显地开心。
te	O	比赛在两天后，但是我只关心一件事。
te	O	我再次举起拳头想敲门，但是酒保突然出现在走廊里。
te	O	艾比翻了个白眼，但是她也做了同样的事。
te	I	This is Carlos , and I 'm Tony .
te	O	我刚完成它，并且我打算把它交给索菲的医生们。
te	O	我大喊了一声，并且她吓了一跳。
te	I	Her head exploded with pain again and a foot swung into her vision .
te	I	Kim sends her to the back porch , but Dixie tries to hop over the fence .
te	I	I hate it , and my jaw quivers .
te	I	That was much as anyone could expect from him , but far a little pleasant even for him .
te	O	那消息后来被证明是假的，并且萨格登会在一个早上就让他的钱翻倍。
te	O	杰克的情绪似乎因为他们都在场而轻松起来，并且我很感激他们能给他带来那种让他分心的事。
te	I	I knew what she was thinking , and Cora made a face .
te	O	她问，并且他咧嘴笑了。
te	O	有些孩子从没有机会，但是少数孩子拥有一切。
te	O	他不常在他的女儿们面前骂人，但是泰莎不像他其他两个女儿那样敏感。
te	I	One of them had ridden back to fetch her and his two companions had assumed Hugh would want her .
te	O	一条走廊通向建筑物的更深处，并且石头柜台后面能看到一个厨房。
te	I	Before he could speak , Olivia was hauling him out of her way but Shane lifted a brow .
te	O	片刻之后他把我放在干燥的地上，并且我等待我的大脑跟上我身体的其他部分。
te	I	When I did , I turned with a smile , sizing her up , and it took me about half a second to notice her .
te	O	对他妹妹的袭击让他内心深处的某种东西脱缰而出，并且他从那时起就一直失控了。
te	O	他牵着亨利的手，并且三个人都消失在小屋里。
te	I	He allowed her to change the subject , but she could tell he wanted to press the issue .
te	O	有更强大的力量在抵抗我们，并且我不会屈服于她。
te	O	黑暗没有提供任何解决方案，并且最终，他只好紧紧抱住她。
te	I	This time , he was in no mood to stand in line , and the crowd was far too reminiscent of his experience at Wesley 's .
te	I	It 'll be a huge amount of it , but certainly I can give you vampire medicines instead .
te	I	The door to the garage was wide open and the lean-to shed still hadn 't collapsed in a heap .
te	O	瑞德没有试图阻止他，但是他却在萨宾试图追赶她哥哥时抓住了她。
te	I	You 'll be in a world of hurt come graduation time , or you 've got four years to start getting a portfolio of pieces together .
te	I	He only tasted mothballs but Chris opened his mouth to speak .
te	O	她把下巴支在拳头上，并且她的眼睛闪闪发光。
te	I	His two assistants had vanished , but Winston scanned the hallway .
te	O	妮娜看起来很困扰，但是杰森却无动于衷。
te	O	找到那把勺子可能需要一整天，并且我根本不在乎。
te	I	It was open to the sports page and a news paper was on the table .
te	O	是的，他很帅，但是很明显他是个花花公子。
te	I	I wait patiently until it is cooked all the way through before starting the feast , but the rich aroma sets my mouth watering .
te	I	This year of 1893 was just as perfect as perfect could get and it was a beautiful June day .
te	O	他的领地被侵犯了，并且他加快了脚步。
te	O	也许你不知道关于英迪戈的这一点，但是她有一双淡褐色的眼睛。
te	I	No questions asked , and dump you off .
te	I	She pulls it down demurely and the dress rides up her thighs .
te	O	汉克站在我对面，并且我们都借酒消愁。
te	I	I registered concern , and they were large .
te	I	Nothing struck me as having passwords and I skimmed through the file structure .
te	I	Her stomach was quivering with desire and he brought his lips back down to hers .
te	I	She felt as if the whole world was disappearing from her and her forehead was already beading with sweat .
te	I	Yet I insisted I was important , and he devalued me , debased me .
te	I	Sam comes to stand beside me , and Paul does the same with Friday .
te	O	泽维尔一言不发，并且大卫觉得事情有些不对劲。
te	I	Her cheek is a little swollen and her auburn hair is matted .
te	I	Then the purest darkness , and the last thing he remembered seeing was a flash of light .
te	O	睡了一晚后，事情在他看来会有所不同，并且我们可以一起去找布劳尔。
te	I	It loaded in slow motion and he clicked the tab .
te	I	Nolen pulled the Mage up to it , and as instructed , servants laid a large pillow beside the throne .
te	O	你只能在一定程度上压制真相，并且它会再次浮现。
te	I	Her stomach plunged at the recognition and she looked towards the red car .
te	O	泪水快要落下，并且我无法阻止它们。
te	O	我不确定它为何如此触动我，但是它确实触动了我。
te	I	That could be the effect of the sedative , but she was colder to the touch than a normal human being .
te	O	你违背我的意愿把我变成了某种地狱般的生物，并且你还指望我回到这里来吗？
te	O	我想他急于一吐为快，并且他也想知道我是否认为应该告诉弗兰妮。
te	I	I pulled him down , and Nic made a move to get up .
te	I	They were the best six months of his life , and he 'd been married to Allie for six months .
te	O	我摇了摇头，但是她又迅速打断了我。
te	I	I haven 't heard from him since and he 'd already left town by the time I got there .
te	I	Jane eyed it as if it contained a snake , and he tossed it between them as he got in .
te	I	No one , no one touched the cubs , and experiments on Shifters were forbidden now .
te	O	他们的袭击者狼性很强，并且迪米特里闻到了烙印在屋顶上的气味。
te	I	His face was growing a deepening shade of red , but the man was silent .
te	I	I nearly jumped out of my skin , and there was a knock at the door .
te	O	光线照亮了一扇新窗户，并且片刻之后他们听到了锁被打开的声音。
te	O	亚历克的嘴唇动了动，但是没有发出任何声音。
te	O	他们是她的家人，但是从外面看来。
te	I	It doesn 't worry me this time , but she lets out another moan .
te	O	他们在猛攻面前束手无策，并且只有河流最终阻止了冲锋。
te	I	He was sleeping in it now and he 'd made his bed .
te	I	She blamed fatigue , but the hug he gave her in return wasn 't as enthusiastic as she would have liked .
te	I	He returned the smile and Amy smiled at Chris .
te	I	It was there , but it was faint .
te	I	It 's not 100 % , but I don 't know either .
te	I	Moreover , guilt at disobeying Maura was finally beginning to weigh on her , and the problem was that she was running distinctly low on money .
te	O	我的胃翻腾起来，并且灯光突然显得太亮了。
te	I	I follow , but my wobbly knees will barely carry me .
te	I	Eric 's chest tightened , and Reese giggled with Heather .
te	I	Basic kindness prevented her , but Momma Oaks twisted her mouth like she had something to say .
te	I	She 'd never forgiven him and he said he 'd taken sides with the boy during this blow-up period .
te	O	雨还在下着，并且风还在吹着，当我那天早上离开家时。
te	O	她推了他一下，并且他踉跄后退。
te	O	天又黑了，并且我们找到一个山洞，坐落在一座大石山底部的一些树木中。
te	I	When he rolled over he found the other side of his bed empty , but CHAPTER SEVEN Eliot Eliot woke up earlier than the sun .
te	I	Each man 's world immediately turned from darkness to various shades of green , and Liam passed around the NVG 's .
te	I	My guess is that they are still undiscovered and it has only been just over 24 hours .
te	I	She decided to keep it to herself , for now but she wanted to tell Taylor that she had dreamed about the guy again .
te	I	She wanted to keep it that way , and they hadn 't met again since that night .
te	O	敏锐的听力回来了，并且这次她很感激。
te	O	她的肾上腺素水平正在消退，并且她觉得自己能够站起来。
te	O	她太诚实了，无法否认，但是话却说不出来。
te	I	Neil wondered idly how long he had been unconscious on the white beach , and the stripes moved across his face .
te	O	我脖颈上的汗毛都竖起来了，并且我的心跳到了嗓子眼。
te	O	巴斯蒂安的眉毛扬了起来，并且一丝充满希望的微笑掠过他的唇边。
te	O	她把瓶子递给我，但是我挥手让她走开。
te	I	Her crew followed her and she moved away from the angel .
te	I	Any inappropriate behavior will get you sent home immediately , and you are a reflection of this cruise line .
te	I	The lettering was quite large and the sign was hand painted .
te	I	The others followed me , and not wanting to inconvenience our host , I ran .
te	O	一把钥匙打开了门，而且她慢慢地睁开了眼睛。
te	O	杰伊头晕目眩，而且她猛地坐了下来。
te	O	他的瞳孔扩大了，而且他明显地被我吸引了。
te	O	佐伊没有准备，而且这让她看起来非常不负责任。
te	O	观众席上所有的恶魔都明显地畏缩了，而且他们中的一些人还躲闪了。
te	O	他挑战道，而且当他最终说出那个词时我畏缩了一下。
te	I	Jeff stopped him , but Randy turned to leave .
te	I	It 's impossible to wear a piece when Elle 's around but I walk forward , silently kicking myself that I 'm unarmed right now .
te	O	他们甚至把它绕到船体边缘附近，但是没有看到任何出口。
te	I	Consistently skirted Bosco 's efforts to collect and one guy owed him $ 450 for nearly a year .
te	O	这不是很多，但是这是一个开始。
te	O	他被你勒索了，但是是戴维斯提供了信件。
te	I	I wonder if it has anything to do with Raffaele 's energy this time , and my heart thrills again at that .
te	I	He nods , as if he could hear my unspoken question and my eyes meet his .
te	O	我已经见过人类做过千百次了，而且吸血鬼在这方面也并无不同。
te	I	Will , with a sigh of something like defeat , kissed her , and she said .
te	O	他的名字是肖恩，并且他是一名咖啡师。
te	O	父亲选择称之为虚荣，而且那也引发了一场持续的争论。
te	O	它会有点痛，但是它仍然完好无损。
te	O	务实的凯蒂仍然活在我心中，并且她对我所做的事情不满意。
te	I	Carly had maintained the right , but not that most brides didn 't wear white regardless .
te	I	I can 't stop it and my entire body is trembling .
te	I	He had a number of established routines , but Fallon was not exactly a creature of habit .
te	O	他乌黑的眼睛扫过一群女人，并且接着卢西恩说了些什么来分散他的注意力。
te	I	She didn 't , but she wished she could say it .
te	O	他一句话也没说，并且安娜迅速关上了门。
te	I	I could hear my heart thudding , and silence choked the air .
te	I	We hurried after her , catching up to Trevor , and I handed the bear to Alexander .
te	O	我滑雪摔得很惨，而且我知道身体不喜欢发出那种声音。
te	I	There was nothing to see , but he watched a while longer .
te	O	伊丽莎白的下巴颤抖着，并且她嘴角的一侧缩了进去，仿佛她在咬着自己的内唇。
te	O	我下周大部分时间都会在伦敦，所以请不要再为了躲避我而逃离纽约了。
te	O	旅游旺季即将开始，并且即使那样也无法破坏那些遗迹。
te	I	We 're not going to happen or he 's either going to be true to me .
te	O	安吉丽克带着一丝嘲讽地盯着拉奇，并且我知道她认为拉奇不如她。
te	O	参宿七总体上散发着能量，并且我对其有着奇异的敏感。
te	O	他每隔几分钟就看一次表，但是他什么也没说。
te	I	It looked really good , but I hated to admit it .
te	O	我的手臂因努力支撑自己而颤抖，但是我不会放手，直到我得到答案。
te	O	我想等等听取尸检结果，但是我倾向于同意。
te	O	无法改变他们的想法，并且他知道他们是对的。
te	I	For a moment , she completely lost her breath , and everything inside her went still .
te	I	I 'm going to learn , but what I don 't know is how to be in a relationship .
te	O	数学不是我最好的科目之一，并且我在用手指头数数，以确保我算对了。
te	O	我们可以去购物，但是我不会买婚纱。
te	I	I slapped his hand away and he made an attempt to embrace me .
te	I	Mara could easily get the attention of her former pack , but the rest of the scouts were dead .
te	O	费罗斯的眼睛闪烁了一下，但是他却无情地继续着。
te	I	I were meant to meet , to comfort each other and I guess you .
te	I	I couldn 't blink them away , and veils of pink mist were gathering before my eyes .
te	O	我认为她真的想改变自己的生活，但是我也认为这是一个恶性循环。
te	O	我感到我的脊椎陷入了坚硬的座位，并且我咬紧了牙齿。
te	I	It didn 't seem to affect him , but the cave was a hundred times lighter than it had been .
te	O	Zeus踏入她身后的碗底，并且他们一同走向桌子。
te	I	The walls were too close on either side of me , and the room was much smaller than it should be .
te	O	我示意他停止移动，以便我更稳的手能在他拉拉链时给他整理领带，并且我试着整理他的头发。
te	O	另一支熊熊燃烧的火炬挂在墙上，并且它散发出的热量只会让我的身体感到更加不适。
te	O	她的声音更轻了，并且我松了口气。
te	I	Her light was off and her door was closed .
te	O	我再也看不到她了，但是我听她却毫不费力。
te	I	The others simply laughed , but Natalie blinked in surprise .
te	O	他看起来被逗乐了，并且她看起来很恼火。
te	I	She deliberately took a few calming breaths to steady herself , and Jaxon 's heart was pounding now .
te	I	It was a tight fit , and Tyler tucked in next to her very pregnant sister .
te	O	小女孩的手臂紧紧地环抱着塞西莉亚的脖子，并且她把脸埋在塞西莉亚的肩头。
te	O	门很容易就开了，并且他们走了进去。
te	I	I 'd never have this or I 'm glad I survived .
te	I	He was faster it seemed , but I was fast .
te	O	他的眼睛怒视着我，并且我能感觉到他身体的温暖贴在我皮肤上。
te	O	他跌倒在他身后的一名女子身上，并且随后她的男朋友开始挥拳。
te	O	我从记事起就一直入不敷出，并且这开始影响我的睡眠。
te	I	He wanted colour and he wanted brightness .
te	I	After a while , she closed her eyes , but the candle light relaxed her .
te	O	我知道我的话很刺耳，但是我情不自禁。
te	O	他的手指抓挠着德文对他紧紧的钳制，但是德文的抓握丝毫没有放松。
te	I	When she didn 't elaborate any further , he eventually chose to draw his own conclusion , but he seemed momentarily confused .
te	I	I really don 't want to get into an argument with her in the middle of the town square , but my mother kept me from him .
te	I	James backed up , sword still to Charlotte 's throat , and the gates opened .
te	O	这总是与我的肺部闭合并且我呼吸困难同时发生。
te	O	我希望她快乐，并且她也确实如此。
te	I	She is not well , but now she looks the same age .
te	I	Sarah wasn 't able to use enough of her senses to make sense of it and it was happening too quickly .
te	O	它本该贴着地基，但是似乎地基后面还有别的什么东西。
te	O	她的紧张情绪慢慢消退了，并且她开始想起高中时关于他的一些事情。
te	I	They looked like they were asleep , but it is hard to tell with ghosts .
te	O	房子卖掉了，但是我就是找不到一个能负担得起我的“宝贝”的人。
te	O	莱斯利紧紧抱住她，并且卡拉握住了她的手。
te	O	你因为阿曼达而让你的情感死去，并且你需要接受她的死不是你的错这个事实。
te	O	她肯定以某种方式和他沟通着，但是她看起来没有在说话。
te	I	The girl was gone , but the hat was there .
te	I	I glance down at my wrist , thinking about how easy I break myself and I think about how breakable she is .
te	I	He continues , and I nod .
te	O	她的声音颤抖着，并且她努力控制着，不让它背叛她，不让它泄露她无法表白的情感。
te	O	大多数妈妈不想要房租方面的帮助，并且大多数青少年从未听说过有妈妈这样做。
te	O	他不想和他的女儿争吵，但是他非常乐意开导他的女王。
te	O	枪口一闪，他的最后一口气缓缓消散，并且他就走了。
te	O	贝丝的目光扫向开着的窗户，并且杰西卡暗自呻吟。
te	I	As far as Anne Marie was concerned Tim had done quite enough , but she nodded .
te	O	大雨倾盆而下，并且风在树林间呼啸。
te	I	I steady the light on him , and Ezra emerges from the water with a loud splash .
te	I	I was not quite sure what to expect once we opened the door and my heart was racing .
te	O	我知道恶魔们一旦有机会就会找上我，但是我已经准备好继续战斗，杀出一条生路。
te	I	The moment I saw you at our party I knew I had to have you , but I can 't explain it .
te	O	我用双腿缠住他的腰，并且我们的额头仍然紧贴在一起。
te	I	No other man , not even long-time lovers , had ever found , but something that had always been there .
te	O	我们约会时，我见过他文思枯竭发作，但是从未持续超过几天。
te	O	埃德娜帮助杰里米站了起来，并且以她为拐杖，他得以一瘸一拐地走着。
te	I	Through it all , Ethan 's monitor keeps on , and a phone rings down the hallway , voices sound , muffled .
te	I	The cold air makes me shiver and his hands slip from my body .
te	O	露娜的眼睛瞪大了，并且她馋得流口水了。
te	O	他仍然可以活着出去，但是时间不多了。
te	O	对方没有反应，并且我感到突然很尴尬。
te	O	没有一个大人直接看她，但是她能感觉到他们在用余光打量她。
te	O	一天的疲惫正在显现，而且我无法再挤出任何鼓励的话了。
te	I	Reyes didn 't care , but a crowd gathered quickly .
te	I	Herself had opened it but the door creaked loudly , making her wonder how long it had been since anyone .
te	O	她开始摇头，告诉我不要担心，但是那正是问题所在。
te	O	那是周六晚上，而且地方很拥挤。
te	I	He has his answer and it immediately focuses back on him .
te	O	几分钟之内他的胃开始咕咕叫，而且他无法停止流口水。
te	O	他走到一边，而且她大步走了过去。
te	I	A bright light shone through the curtains , and the rumble built to a deep roar .
te	I	There was no doubt I 'd touched a nerve , but it was gone almost as soon as it arrived .
te	I	I don 't , but I really wish I did .
te	O	它的表面贴着一张粘性标签，但是它是空白的。
te	I	Instant relief showed on her face and she smiled when she saw me .
te	I	Awareness shot through him on contact with her warm , satiny skin , and Rand snagged her arm when she walked past him .
te	O	孤狼转过身，并且他的剑挡住了她的剑。
te	O	这让我感到舒适并置身于我喜欢的地方。
te	O	他的手环绕着我的脖子后面，并且他猛地把我往前拉，让我与他半路相遇。
te	O	他的母亲还在说话，说着些什么……她的声音嗡嗡作响，但是他听不进去。
te	O	我还需要几天时间，并且我将能够摆脱她。
te	O	剩下的只有视力测试了，并且那不会是问题。
te	I	I had chosen the easy path and he had given me the choice .
te	O	他们的盔甲提供了一些保护，但是它远非完美。
te	I	She kept drinking , but it burned her tongue .
te	O	两个看起来很害怕，并且两个看起来很防备。
te	I	I heard Natalie came home from work , just as I was preparing to go out and as I prepared to leave , the front door opened .
te	I	We would never separate again and I had my brother .
te	I	She gives me a hug and I nod .
te	I	That was common enough with my work phone , but it was a number I didn 't recognize .
te	O	她准备再试一次，但是她没有时间了。
te	O	记忆涌上心头，并且她的眼睛湿润了。
te	O	他知道她有多讨厌输，但是她从不让他看到她哭。
te	O	我的脾气越来越大，然而我忍不住感到痛苦。
te	I	They didn 't help , but the doctors prescribed antibiotics .
te	O	他右手戴着一枚小指戒指，并且他的左手手指不停地拉扯着金子。
te	O	他把我转了过来，我的背部现在靠着墙，而且我第一次看到了他。
te	O	我们没水了，而且我不知道我们该怎么办。
te	O	我支持你，并且我知道你能解决这个问题。
te	O	零星的枪声响起，但是很明显警卫们在随意开火。
te	I	She leaned even closer to Charles for protection , but she knew it wasn 't directed at her .
te	O	我开始起身，但是一只手缠住了我的手腕。
te	O	当我跳起来的时候他发出了咕噜声，并且我转过身来盯着他的脸。
te	O	我会克服它，或者它会控制我。
te	O	它们很痛，但是我的好奇心治愈了它们，仿佛它们从未存在过。
te	O	他们笑的时候声音时而升高，但是即便那时他们也小心翼翼地不笑得太大声。
te	I	She had the knife , and I was back in the woods .
te	O	我知道你长什么样，并且你知道我长什么样。
te	I	She had made good money in her profession , and she had inherited funds from her mother .
te	I	You just knew it would be sharp , and it gleamed in the bright moonlight .
te	I	I held my pose , but it came at last .
te	I	Max didn 't think much of his writing ability but the guy was full of glib lip .
te	O	门在他们身后关上了，并且吕西安转向了那个女人。
te	O	一时间他的视线模糊了，并且他快速眨眼以使之清晰。
te	I	She was biting her lower lip , and her cheeks were streaked with tears .
te	O	他宁愿付出一切让它从未发生过，但是既然它发生了，他觉得应该了解一切。
te	O	我的眼睑下垂了，并且我努力忍住眼泪。
te	O	她感觉到战士抓紧了她，并且她知道如果她再耽搁一秒，他就会准备把她带离那里。
te	I	At this point I am willing to do anything to make her happy , and I can 't stand it when she 's sad .
te	I	She realized his face was wet too , and he leaned his head into her palm , his hair tickling her knuckles .
te	O	快到凌晨五点了，而且我知道如果想避开路障，我们很快就得行动。
te	I	We didn 't touch him ¨ C no good interfering with Her , but she 'd forgotten him , maybe .
te	O	他很生气，并且她不知道为什么。
te	O	她已经好几年没有换过新发型了，而且她厌倦了每天都看起来一样。
te	O	我讨厌人们开始随意使用头衔，但是他继续说下去，没等我来得及为此训斥他。
te	I	The water on the lady 's bucket was almost full , and this did not help ease his worry !
te	O	她将近六十岁了，并且她感觉她的肺要炸开了。
te	I	Without her knowing it she pulled it up her thigh driving me crazy and her fingers played idly with the hem of her patterned dress .
te	O	我没有提问，并且她没有给出答案。
te	I	Taking names and kicking ass .
te	O	它被系在那里的一根树桩上，并且我们在底部。
te	I	This would all be over , and he only had to lie to his wife one more time .
te	I	A couple of combs held her hair back from her face , and she now wore a knit fabric dress the color of dark wine .
te	O	兰博基尼的收费已被撤销，并且账单显示余额为“零”。
te	O	凯瑟琳夫人惊恐地喘息着，但是亨利公爵却没那么轻信。
te	O	仅仅几分钟前他们还亲密无间，并且现在他们只是尴尬的《西尔维娅·戴——坏男孩驾到！》。
te	O	文森特朝他哥哥点了点头，并且我看向了贾里德，他正带着防备的眼神盯着我。
te	O	他不停地扣动扳机，但是他已经没有子弹了。
te	I	I wondered if I could hug Stone and a wave of relief washed through me .
te	I	She knew her lips were still twitching , but she managed to get control of her laughter .
te	O	那样坐在他身上很奇怪，但是我的身体喜欢那样。
te	I	I felt I could run forever to get away from this place , but I was exhausted .
te	O	沙发太窄，太局促了，并且他们跌到了地板上。
te	O	她的眼睛稍微睁大了一点，但是她没有猛地躲开。
te	I	The doors opened with a hiss , and the bus pulled over .
te	I	I was back in the present moment and my smile turned stern .
te	I	I shrugged a shoulder , readjusting my shades and her words cut through the fog of testosterone .
te	O	她下巴的疼痛正在迅速减轻，并且这帮助索菲亚把注意力集中在他身上。
te	O	明天我可能要面对一个新接头人，或者至少，我得面对我的父母。
te	O	她的嘴巴张开了，并且我赶在我的嘴巴也张开之前转回身去。
te	I	The pilot came into the cabin , and the door of the cockpit opened .
te	I	She shook her head and her face turned pink .
te	O	法师将他的法杖指向闪电引发的火焰，并且那些火焰被一道魔法冷冻射线扑灭了。
te	O	我回吻了他，并且我们互相触碰。
te	I	We had nowhere to go that was safe , but I was thankful that she was without injury .
te	I	It shadows , and it misleads .
te	I	I wouldn 't want them to worry , and they were expecting me home this evening .
te	I	Her voice went flat , and her gaze locked on to the binder in my lap .
te	I	Then you chucked the ball easily five feet over your brother 's head , and I knew this because you first spied the girls coming your way .
te	I	I 've got people working on it but we still haven 't gotten the information off of the cube disk .
te	I	They are organized and they can communicate .
te	O	我想见他，但是他悄无声息地离开了。
te	O	这可能不会杀死他们，但是这肯定会让我察觉到他们逃跑的企图。
te	O	我不明白他为什么甚至想让这事成功，但是这不重要。
te	O	维多利亚的脸颊泛红，并且她的脖子上有两个完美的穿刺伤口。
te	I	It was easier now that the house was warm again , but I was still uncomfortable talking about it .
te	O	这都让他想起了邦妮，但是邦妮没有受那么严重的伤。
te	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she was overreacting .
te	O	我从我的网络搜索中抄下了一些标题，但是它们似乎都没有在目录中。
te	O	在他和黛西那天早上的经历之后，如果能知道她没事就好了。
te	I	I wasn 't about to second-guess them , and NASA decided 4km was the safe distance .
te	O	我拔腿就跑，不太确定该往哪个方向走，但是知道我不能待在这里。
te	O	我感觉你让他很不舒服，而他也让你很不舒服，而且程度很深。
te	I	Caroline went back to work , and maris smoothed her expression .
te	I	It 's more than we had before , but odds are still not in our favor .
te	O	我的血液仍因我们做的一切而欢腾，并且我情不自禁地注意到我的皮肤泛着光泽。
te	O	钱口干舌燥，并且他的心砰砰直跳。
te	O	我缓缓地移动，不愿吵醒基尔南，但是他的眼睛立刻睁开了。
te	O	弗兰克察觉到霍华德认为自己没错，但是运营副总裁仍然想让他吃不了兜着走。
te	I	I want to go to bed , and I 'm tired .
te	O	灰族人会教我们如何更好地平衡地球资源的使用，但是它们是供我们使用的。
te	O	塞丽娜转身寻找埃尔文，但是她的目光落在了凯身上。
te	I	Several hidden behind the upturned frame , and by now there were workers all around the car .
te	I	Instead of throwing only the monster into the water he rolled off the edge himself as well , and he misjudged his position on the dock .
te	I	At the same time I also started to excel in my classes , but I was treated with a little more respect after that article .
te	I	The ground is still wet , but thankfully the rain has stopped .
te	I	She knew he understood , but was all she could say .
te	O	他所有的东西都在那里，但是他本人却不见了。
te	O	我们有三十个，但是有一个已经失踪一段时间了。
te	I	Obviously this was headed in that direction , but it had never dawned on Dax before how AI could become a political football .
te	I	While she closed the door he looked into the living room and he walked in .
te	I	It will be swift and there will be retribution .
te	I	I would 've calmed down eventually , but I freaked .
te	I	He could still sense me , but he might not be able to read my thoughts thanks to the strength of my shields .
te	I	Everything was almost okay , and Sam knew what was going on .
te	I	Even as he touched her , she lowered the sword , letting it slide toward the ground , and her gaze tracked downward .
te	I	It was a trip worth making , but she hated to see him go .
te	I	There were no birds , no distant sound of the ocean , and the wind had died .
te	O	他坐在我前面，把我拉下来，并且我们伸直了腿，把我们的脚并在一起。
te	I	They left , and I did .
te	I	I faced him fully , and dark shadows drifted over the Arum 's shoulder .
te	O	我差点告诉他了，但是我太害怕了。
te	O	她知道那是他最喜欢的，并且她确保家里从不缺这种东西。
te	O	他对贾斯汀那么好，但是贾斯汀十岁了，快十一岁了。
te	I	I nodded , and she asked .
te	I	The man staggered to the side with another grunt and Maddox landed a hard blow to Aeron 's cheek .
te	I	I experienced a moment of pure ecstasy , and my hands slid from the roof tops , completely useless .
te	I	Rohr had veto power which could not be overridden , but the plaintiff 's trial council was a democratic body to a point .
te	I	His dominant nature compelled him to call her on it , and she had inadvertently issued a challenge .
te	I	There won 't be a divorce and he 's dead .
te	O	在正常情况下，她可能已经意识到那个女人是瓦莱里乌斯妈妈，但是她脑中的剧痛让她无法思考其他任何事情。
te	I	Eli could see everyone 's reflection in the portal mirror and the portal began to hum slightly .
te	I	It had been flattened by her hat , but her hair wasn 't sticking up every which way .
te	O	弗罗斯特堡相对较新，并且它的设施比大多数公立高中都要好。
te	O	我努力让他高兴，但是这还不够。
te	O	乔什因疼痛跪倒在地，并且约翰仍然站在他上方，像钳子一样紧紧地钳住他的肩膀。
te	O	我无法逃离你，并且我也不想。
te	O	她无法说话，但是是她表情中的答案进一步鼓励了他。
te	O	她抬手示意他离开，但是那却只是让他得以把门推得足够开，挤过她身边。
te	I	I wanted what was underneath that towel , but his towel still hung across his hips .
te	I	His voice told her plenty about his current mood , but from the doorway she could only see his profile .
te	O	伊娃的大多数同龄人现在都已为人父母，并且他不认识这些孩子中的任何一个。
te	I	Under the circumstances I wasn 't surprised he 'd got it but I hadn 't given him my number .
te	O	搏动的腿很难移动，但是走路却并非不可能。
te	I	I feel like hitting him with my gun and we glare at each other .
te	I	Tabitha became increasingly worried , but the soldiers began to cheer .
te	O	现在无法再隐藏她的肚子了，并且安娜为此感到骄傲。
te	O	那个机会仍然存在，并且我需要保护它。
te	O	他的话很冒犯人，但是她却放过了。
te	O	布里亚张开嘴想抗议，但是我对她摇了摇头。
te	O	莱夫在我家这件事让我仍然头晕目眩，而且吉伊一边咒骂，一边搜查每个角落。
te	O	一整片森林都病了，正在死去，树木扭曲成了奇怪的金属仿制品。
te	I	It certainly wasn 't rude , but it wasn 't a welcoming voice .
te	O	我看不到他的脸，但是我几乎能感觉到他在微笑。
te	I	She 'd not seen Daren to ask , and she didn 't know how many days had passed since her captivity .
te	I	Interest burned through his gaze now , but his expression had been void of emotion when he 'd entered the room .
te	O	红豆杉之地的参天常青树环绕着我们，并且异世界的熟悉道路就在我们脚下。
te	I	My mind flew open to her and that connection thing happened suddenly .
te	I	Charles repaid her memory by ignoring Timothy 's magical birthright , and her only child had died giving birth to his son .
te	I	Echo marveled at their vastness and she stretched her wings again .
te	I	I can 't imagine what it is , but something seems to click in his mind .
te	I	She breathed deep of the raw air , gathering herself to follow , and the rest of him vanished .
te	O	“开快点，”我想说，但是随即，实际上，我不想说了。
te	I	I realized she had been doing it on purpose and she grinned at me as I moved her foot .
te	O	我的父母可能不想与我扯上任何关系，但是我不能抛弃他们。
te	O	门关上了，并且我感觉到马车随着他上车而摇晃。
te	O	我从座位上方偷看了一眼，并且没错，是肖恩。
te	I	No light went on inside , and there was no answer .
te	O	我的双腿仍然环抱着他，并且我能感觉到他在我体内。
te	O	他回头看了看大厅，但是令他惊讶的是莎拉已经消失了。
te	O	她呻吟着，并且他把她翻到他身上，从未中断他们之间的连接。
te	O	我的拉链卡住了，并且我弄不松它。
te	I	There is nothing we can do about it and we are still descending .
te	O	他离开时我皱了皱眉，并且我摇了摇头。
te	O	当他微笑时，她看不到他门牙的任何迹象，但是这并没有阻止一阵寒颤顺着她的脊椎滑下。
te	O	其他不当行为开始充斥他的思想，但是这些并非他自己的。
te	O	野猪现在有獠牙了，小小的、卷曲的，但是我并不害怕。
te	I	I held my baby close to me , and a foul odor fil ed the room .
te	I	Her head hurt so bad she started to cry , and she couldn 't move .
te	O	另一波浪潮正滚滚而来，并且尼克开始从岸边大喊。
te	I	He 's not squeezing them tight enough to make it hurt but he 's got a hold of both of my arms now .
te	I	They stepped in and she opened the elevator door .
te	I	There was a layer of hard muscle beneath , but her skin felt silky soft beneath his fingers .
te	I	I 'm not going to , but I could tell you things that would keep you up at night .
te	O	突然间，雪停了，并且凛冽的寒风也平息了。
te	I	My imagination is in hyperdrive and no one is stalking me .
te	O	当我告诉孩子们所有人都要回来时，他们都非常兴奋，但是我提到纽约时，我看到了他们眼中的担忧。
te	I	She wanted to , but she didn 't have the courage to walk over to him .
te	O	利亚姆漂得更近了，并且所有人都保持沉默，等待赞恩将碎片连接起来。
te	I	In that moment he didn 't know what to do , but he was a man who took action .
te	I	Her soft mouth pressed a kiss over his heart , and the hem of his shirt dragged along his ribs .
te	I	There was really only one way to do that , and I wanted to see it firsthand .
te	O	我已经和奶奶谈过了，并且她想让我留在这里。
te	O	我努力集中精力去拿起钱包，但是我的思绪却很分散，脑海中充满了雅各布坠落而死的画面。
te	I	I can tell this is a welcome distraction she has been searching for and her face lights up .
te	O	伯纳德站直了身子，并且阿玛拉不得不强迫自己的手指离开他。
te	O	隔间门开了，并且达伦在她滑进去的时候对她笑了笑。
te	I	I 'd rather lose my tail forever than lose her and I love your daughter .
te	O	这只是令人沮丧，并且我已经筋疲力尽了。
te	I	I can see it all on her face but she doesn 't say anything .
te	O	我不知道他们做了什么，但是我本应该知道的。
te	I	The hem fell almost to my knees and the sleeves were inches past my fingertips .
te	I	I remember the night my father died , but most of my human memories had faded .
te	I	He falls backwards and she throws her arms around Ben .
te	I	She really pulled through , but Vanessa was scared at first .
te	I	I turn to look at him , and Logan punches me in the arm .
te	O	她简直不敢相信那些建筑的规模或者停靠在它们前面那些船只的数量。
te	O	我会确保你拥有它并且所有法律工作都已妥善完成。
te	O	伦顿问他是否想要一些巧克力，并且笑容又回来了。
te	O	他的手不动了，并且他轻轻地笑了。
te	I	He intended that it should stay there , and it was out in the open now .
te	I	She was smiling back at me tenderly and I looked over at Robin , who had sat up as well .
te	O	我不想承认，但是今晚之后我不得不面对它。
te	O	一旦他确定自己安全了，他就让岩浆消失了，并且它像水一样沉入地下。
te	O	万事万物皆有例外，并且到目前为止，我在两次存在中的经历都证明是例外。
te	O	在转瞬之间，路西法的眼中闪过一丝惊讶，但是它来得快去得也快。
te	I	He 's smiling at me but Brendan claps Winston on the shoulder .
te	I	Byron turned , then froze at what he saw , and they were looking at the opening to the building .
te	O	屏住呼吸当然更容易，但是那是有时间限制的。
te	O	驾驶舱里有更多灯光闪烁，并且收音机里传来吱吱作响的声音。
te	I	Although she held her head high , her gaze refused to meet his , but she sat , her back as rigid as his own .
te	I	It was doing things to her and that guy loved to talk dirty .
te	I	The successful completion is yet to be attained , but the tools seem to be there .
te	I	I rolled over to look at Jason and the movie finally spun to an end .
te	I	Just as Garo warned , he failed , but he had a chance to be the hero .
te	O	这显然是下意识的反应，凯勒布差点把他撂倒，但是麦迪逊在他挥拳之前抓住了他的手臂。
te	O	被子被她攥成一团放在她身旁，但是，在他们睡觉的某个时候，她已经本能地钻到了泥土下面。
te	I	She didn 't want his help on this , but she couldn 't explain her desire to have him leave .
te	I	It 's churning my stomach , but this is only a possible future .
te	O	今天他们拿到了最终结果，就是乳腺癌，并且因为已经存在一段时间了，所以它已经扩散了一些。
te	I	He almost fell and the force of the blow staggered him sideways .
te	O	他对某事很生气，但是他不肯说是什么。
te	O	她提到了一个短期安排，在他看来这完全是胡扯，但是他以后会处理的。
te	I	Sandy was pleased to devour it and she flung a piece of toast which fell to the floor .
te	O	她朝它开火，并且它向她逼近，似乎不可阻挡。
te	I	For the rest of the night it was like things were normal , and we didn 't bring it up again .
te	I	She sat down hard on the steps and Lydia felt her legs collapsing .
te	I	You wanted security , and you loved him .
te	I	The house fell still and the heat cut off .
te	O	萨尔的笑容几乎察觉不到，但是安东尼亚看到了。
te	O	我试图站起来，但是我的腿不听使唤。
te	I	I enjoyed them , and our evening conversations were stimulating .
te	I	Gavin had come prepared , let me tell you and it was a black tie affair .
te	I	Their plan suddenly becomes operational , and he does .
te	I	She jolted awake , slumped in a filthy alley and all of her senses jerked back into action at the same instant .
te	O	他跪了下来，手伸到沙发下面，并且片刻之后，他递上了一个白盒子。
te	I	He liked his movies , and he 'd said that the magic interfered with television reception .
te	I	He waited restlessly , uneasily , and now it was already 2210 .
te	O	我回想起我背包里侏儒们携带的卷轴，并且我明白了他们是如何完成这样壮举的。
te	O	空气很凉爽，并且树木在微风中低语。
te	O	她那夹杂着灰发的黑头低下了，并且她深深地吸了一口气。
te	O	我已经能接受这是生活中的事实了，而且裘德对此似乎也没有问题。
te	O	当你想要娶的女人走进你的生活时，你会知道的，并且你会想要和她结婚。
te	I	They 'd chosen to follow his career rather than stay in Georgia , and he 'd been offered a job at a design firm .
te	I	Then I saw Luke 's face , but I started to kiss him back .
te	I	He had the distinct feeling it would do no harm , but he hadn 't the slightest idea whether that was the appropriate polite behavior .
te	I	Such protection came with a price , but the shielding protected the beast from the burning light of day .
te	I	Still , there were so many obstacles , but a glimmer of hope penetrated his confusion .
te	O	西蒙眼中充满了理解，并且他点了点头。
te	I	I was reluctant to take it off , although the only Selkie I saw here was her , and I knew it protected me .
te	O	从某些方面来说，我能理解我姐姐的不情愿，但是那并没有让我感觉好受一些。
te	I	They took turns shaking it and he stuck out his hand .
te	I	Our weapons are superior to yours and I have at my command a Starship with the capability to destroy this planet .
te	O	维恩点了点头，并且侍应生把他们带到走廊中央附近的一张小桌子旁。
te	O	这是奥拉夫一直以来的工作，但是他最近教会了我他的酷刑方法。
te	I	The flame moved with it and she waved her hand around .
te	I	Her womb clenched and her heart did a curious melting as her stomach flipped .
te	I	Marcella shot him a look , but Ray started to correct him .
te	I	The thought of her disappearing made him feel desperate , but he touched her thoughts , an invasion of privacy .
te	I	It 's beginning to lose its charm , and now she 's used to it .
te	I	He nods in return and I glance at Edson .
te	O	浴室门开了，并且令人惊讶的是，肯娜·李走了进来。
te	I	Everything began turning to liquid inside me , and Sebastian stroked me with a slow , rhythmic motion .
te	I	He had her son , but she ached to run .
te	O	她想相信，比什么都想相信，但是她会一直犹豫，直到收到官方消息。
te	I	You will find yourself in a catacomb with the first Christians and hit the button to clothe you in the costume of those times .
te	I	Her elder brother , Wilson , had shortened it to J. J. , which had naturally become Jay , but her parents had called her Janet Jean .
te	I	They disappeared in the house and Bella took Noah 's hand .
te	I	In the second round , he was tossed only halfway into the ride , and the next bull sensed his tension .
te	O	她的眼睛充满了泪水，并且她喘着气，紧紧抓着她母亲的项链。
te	I	She stared at it again , and Noel dropped the necklace back to her chest .
te	I	My pulse quickened and he came closer .
te	O	他的双臂交叉着，并且他把下巴收进了胸膛。
te	I	Mama 's little ornaments were stuffed down the sides of the suitcase and Mother 's Day cards Molly had made .
te	O	他眨了眨眼，并且她回报以微笑。
te	I	For a second , I was struck by how much he reminded me of myself , and his blue eyes so much like mine stared at me .
te	O	我气喘吁吁地坐了下来，并且他坐在我旁边，带着那恼人又困惑的表情。
te	O	瑞德前几天离我们太近了，而且你知道这有多糟糕！
te	I	He only chuckles , but I 'm expecting him to bring up the car rebuild he wants me to do .
te	O	也许那只是更多的谎言，但是当世界充满不确定性时，它提供了一些慰藉。
te	I	I found the stairs leading up to the second floor and I deliberated on which room would be my primary objective .
te	I	He thought that Jan Johnston , the state trooper , was one of the bad guys and he just saw somebody shooting our way .
te	O	那是一个毫无意义的问题，但是我希望她会回答。
te	I	He crashed into her , forcing them into the glass wall and she couldn 't stop him .
te	I	She screamed as she came and Pleasure erupted .
te	I	Layton followed and I stood .
te	O	艾莉不确定自己期待的是什么样的反应，但是她得到的并不是她预期的那种。
te	O	一只手碰了碰我的肩膀，并且我转过身来，满怀希望。
te	O	我问了艾米丽，并且一声颤抖的、上气不接下气的笑声从她口中逸出。
te	O	在回家的路上我们几乎没说话，并且当我们抵达我家那栋朴素的褐石住宅时，奥利弗坚持送我到门口。
te	I	His mouth softens into a smile and I watch as his shoulders relax .
te	O	她被他吸引，然而她又不想被吸引。
te	I	That was just a blur , but it told me its name .
te	I	He knows she is crying and her rounded shoulders are shaking .
te	O	她说，并且他的年龄这个事实以前所未有的方式冲击着她。
te	I	She shrugged , and his eyes became hard again .
te	O	现场的每个人，和我们一起，开始给他唱生日快乐歌，并且他被这份关注弄得有点尴尬。
te	O	听筒从我手中滑落，并且我眼中带着恐惧地抬头看着他。
te	O	污点附着在他们身上……在他们之内，并且他们走到哪里都带着它。
te	O	我品味着那一刻，直到它消失，并且他开始打鼾。
te	I	Budget cuts made it more difficult to destroy the world evidently and Times changed .
te	O	最近我写了关于他们莫名其妙的恋鞋癖，但是这只是冰山一角。
te	O	我试图告诉自己我是基于不完整的证据妄下结论，但是我心知肚明。
te	I	Their bond made it at times problematic , but Lina had the ability to tame it .
te	O	她会以此为食，并且那会使她的力量增长。
te	I	Everything else was off , but the tree was right .
te	O	在乔丹之前她从未恋爱过，并且她在街头时纵情的性经历都毫无意义。
te	O	我跟踪了你六个街区，并且我是唯一清醒的人。
te	O	我女儿离家出走了，并且我不认为她想这么做。
te	I	He 'd seen the doubt in the depths of her eyes , but she 'd made an attempt to cover it with a smile .
te	O	他穿上外套，并且由于晚上天气温和，我们走到了附近一家舒适的小高档酒吧。
te	I	Mother saw no reason to be concerned , but her safety must always be our first obligation .
te	O	你只需要相信自己，并且其他人也会。
te	I	She regretted it even though there was nothing she could do , and Steve had to be in serious trouble , really serious .
te	I	His mind stayed focused on the guy across the room , but pulling her close , he wrapped his arms around her .
te	I	Several taller men in the crowd blocked me , but I tried to catch a glimpse of the doorway .
te	O	他被派驻在一个没有太阳的星球上，并且他一直都充分意识到这个事实。
te	I	No words come out , but I scream at the top of my lungs .
te	I	The words melted , but it spoke to me .
te	I	I checked in my bag of clothes after a short queue but I kept hold of my money holdall .
te	I	The Kiwi 's enjoyed their national drink of choice and now it was back .
te	I	Rounds of tequila began , and the beer pitchers emptied .
te	O	塔维特意下令放慢速度，但是一些囚犯中的老年人即便如此也感到吃力。
te	O	前门开着，并且马特冲了进去。
te	O	他叹了口气，并且他的声音柔和了下来。
te	I	He tried to present himself in a better light and Sebastian was always a little nervous when they met .
te	I	That was something I couldn 't allow , and the warlocks could 've harmed humans in an attempt to attack me .
te	I	I fixed my gaze on Paul 's back , trying not to see Martin over his shoulder , and I had to look again now .
te	O	她的悲伤开始消退，并且现在一种愤怒在她心中滋生。
te	O	电梯到了，并且他走了进去。
te	O	他们等待着，并且一秒钟后一声呼啸声响起。
te	O	加拿大沦陷了，并且帝国牢牢控制了墨西哥。
te	I	It came to life , and she touched the screen .
te	I	He was in the game to win , and he now knew what the game was .
te	O	我已经做好了保障措施，并且现在是时候了。
te	I	As to how that was to be done , they were both clueless , but it was agreed that they should be unified .
te	I	I ran my tongue over my lips , and my eyes closed of their own accord .
te	O	他看到了她脸上她试图对亨普尔隐瞒的担忧，但是他太了解那张脸了。
te	I	They made me face the mirror and they helped me wear the material .
te	I	He hadn 't made the slightest crack in it and eventually Grant realised he was faced with a brick wall .
te	O	咖啡机发出了哔哔声，并且她给自己冲了一杯。
te	I	My heart told me that his life that once was , was over , but the shell was still being kept alive by machines .
te	O	很容易看出阿隆索心情不好，因为他被莉亚分散了注意力，但是成员们却从未意识到这一点。
te	O	他绝不会让任何人伤害她，并且这也包括他的兄弟。
te	O	某种刺鼻的液体滴落在夜莺的脸上，并且他的胃部翻腾起来。
te	O	她曾几次看到他独自在他的房间里哭泣，但是他并不知道。
te	O	它很小，但是它是真的。
te	O	那个小女孩已经被宠坏了，而且她还没出生呢。
te	I	She 's not moving to intercept and she 's only a two gunner .
te	O	尼克的嘴里发出咕噜咕噜的声音，并且她意识到他被自己的舌头噎住了。
te	I	I didn 't ' spect him to get up anytime soon , and his head hit the ground hard .
te	O	整个校园都知道那个周末在湖边别墅发生的事情，但是没有人提起它，至少没有直接对他们提起。
te	O	卡玛的怒火积聚到必须释放的地步，并且责骂费特并不能满足她的需求。
te	O	我想出了礼品袋——我有一位妻子，不像克拉克先生，并且我懂得展示的重要性。
te	O	确实，有点冷，但是这是她呼吸的新鲜空气。
te	O	只有一个物种，因为你我，这些软体生物，并未真正活着。
te	O	当时，一道严峻的光芒进入了费罗斯的眼中，随着警探的归来，并且他向她概述了他的计划。
te	O	他们之间有一段历史，可以追溯到她在日本教英语的时候，并且她从东京时期就认识马克。
te	O	他说出这个词，仿佛那是个疑问，但是我觉得他很清楚我的意思。
te	I	I heard him grunt , and he surged again .
te	I	He had to stay focused , but fear for her stoked brighter .
te	O	这有一半是猜测，但是她却开始有些惊慌。
te	I	I refuse to oblige him ' but now when I shove a baton in his ass through my crime reports , he wants to meet me .
te	O	我的胃翻腾起来，并且我急忙跑开了。
te	O	他的手指在我大腿上收紧了，并且他的臀部抵向我的。
te	O	有一条狭窄的小径通向峭壁一侧，并且他们排成一列骑上去。
te	I	She just wanted to get away , but she 'd been planning to search it extensively .
te	I	People appeared out of nowhere and before Carmine could even think to react , the shadows shifted .
te	O	在这脆弱的时刻，我想要坦白我所有的秘密，但是我们的吻，谢天谢地，阻止了我说话。
te	I	He sighed inwardly and the hard glimmer returned to her eyes .
te	I	Most of them are pretty good guys , and we 've got chaplains in the army .
te	I	Nothing really came to her mind , but if she 'd thought of an answer , she might have said it .
te	O	几分钟之内他们就上床了，并且房子里一片寂静。
te	O	她的嘴角微微弯起作为回应，但是这个动作从未到达她的眼睛。
te	O	夜晚的手指缠绕着黑色的纱线，并且她的织针交叠着。
te	I	He would still be arguing with me right now , and the chandelier would not have fallen on his back .
te	O	有几通募款电话要打，但是它们可以等。
te	I	We all went back to say goodbye to Maria and she left to change in to dry clothes .
te	O	我推着它，但是它没有松动。
te	O	他的声音里有些东西让她不寒而栗，并且她更紧地抱住了自己。
te	O	他搜寻任何可能与邻近空军基地有关联的人，但是他没有发现任何明显的东西。
te	O	她又开始走路了，但是她摇了摇头。
te	O	她试图微笑，但是她的信心正在减弱。
te	I	I was already doing the same to them but the ones in front of him turned toward me .
te	O	她没有哭，但是杰拉尔德能看出她想哭。
te	I	His fingers collapsed on impact with its muscular body , but as he fell backwards he tried to thrust his right hand into the demon 's stomach .
te	I	He was surprisingly gentle with me , but Sebastian Vaughn might be a rich guy who could have his pick of girls .
te	I	Native citizens of Heaven keep outsiders at the bottom of the heap ; and your ' exaltation ' thus remains unchanged unless the Hierarchy 's rearranged .
te	O	他在他们共享的空间上用手指画圈，并且精准地戳中了他另一只手的掌心。
te	O	他穿着一件黑色衬衫，前面有类似乐队标志的东西，但是我不认识那个乐队。
te	O	布雷特想起她睁着眼睛盯着他看的样子，并且他颤抖了一下。
te	O	她轻敲下巴，并且我屏住了呼吸。
te	O	她紧紧闭上眼睛，但是利维的影像并没有出现。
te	I	He dared not say so , yet Dua must surely be mad .
te	O	它很薄，但是它却是一份报纸。
te	I	We trooped outside and when everyone was ready , Kham opened the rear tailgate .
te	O	侧面深深划有指痕，并且三名俘虏的手上沾有泥污。
te	I	He 's not , but I 'd think he was this way with everyone .
te	I	Her parents believed she tried to steal her sister 's husband , but I thought my relationship with my parents sucked .
te	I	Her heart was like being asked to literally choose me over herself or she felt like choosing between her job .
te	I	A large part of the village had been destroyed , but most of the residents had cleared out before the fighting .
te	I	I took him to the dented wall and we walked a little ahead .
te	I	It seemed like years passed , and I awoke from my sleep .
te	I	His next words sounded less harsh , and he struggled to contain his temper .
te	I	It 'll just show weakness but tears wanted to fall .
te	O	我拿走了那个仍然让我恶心的人的头，并且卡利拿走了她抓伤的那个。
te	O	两分钟过去了，并且莉娅没有任何即将倒下的迹象。
te	I	It had been kind of nice to have someone else sharing my old house , and Amelia had been living with me for months .
te	O	这违背了他们的道德准则，而且她不想看到她最好朋友的那个样子。
te	I	I took in a slow breath and one of the towers burst into flames .
te	I	Drake grabbed his arm with both hands , and Madoc 's big body started tilting sideways .
te	O	附在我们身上的词是“老巫婆”，并且那让我很不舒服。
te	I	Her hair hung heavily against the nape of her neck , and damp sand grated between her toes .
te	O	我示意洛根，并且他先我一步出了门。
te	O	帮她让我感觉好多了，而且天知道我今天再也受不了看到她哭了。
te	I	I wouldn 't change a second of it and it had all brought us together .
te	I	He 's right outside her door , and it 's a guy .
te	O	那是事实，但是我也不想告诉她我的噩梦。
te	I	He deeply loved his wife and his life was full .
te	I	The evidence of witchcraft put Richard in a rising black mood , but so , there would be no coupe attempted against him today .
te	I	Here I am flirting with Harlin , and I was just out on a date with Abe last night .
te	I	Anna couldn 't look away , and Steven seemed to fill the room .
te	I	It ´ s ... Dante and the door opens .
te	I	He hoped he hadn 't scared her , and he was still holding her against the door .
te	O	对不经意的观察者来说，他的辛劳会构成一幅滑稽的画面，但是实际上瑞安需要快速地吃点东西。
te	O	约书亚俯身越过桌子去拿遥控器，而且他这么做的时候把本的特制醋碗打翻了，正好泼到了我脸上。
te	O	帕克把球扔回给米卡，而且他再次发球了。
te	I	I look right at her and my head falls back in her direction .
te	I	Other pirates had flocked to his side , and after that Kidd 's reputation had grown .
te	O	海瑟看着她的同伴，而且她确实很累了。
te	I	Somehow , her mind wouldn 't focus , but she knew it was there .
te	O	他们示意她沿着它向北跟着他们，而且她把车开到他们后面。
te	I	I got your message and I was just going through some paperwork .
te	O	男人跟着车慢跑，并且很快就有人加入了进来。
te	O	我无法想象我该如何报答他，但是我总有一天会找到办法的。
te	I	Director Sterling was the one who replied , but I addressed the words to Agent Locke .
te	O	疼痛逐渐变成一阵钝痛，并且我靠着紧闭的门瘫倒下去，努力喘息。
te	I	The ride to the station is short , and the bus is cold .
te	I	He turned to Eris and his hands went to his braid .
te	I	They have to all be used , but you can use the equations in any order you wish .
te	I	I 'll never stay with you , but I 'll prefer to die alone .
te	O	我跳起来，并且我自己的尖叫声把我吵醒了。
te	I	It oddly felt good to think of other things , and the random choice was able to keep my attention .
te	O	昨晚你进浴室准备睡觉时，我听到它响了，但是我从未见过它。
te	O	他们很少与其他喀尔巴阡人在一起，但是毫不留情地猎杀吸血鬼。
te	O	他们能看到他的手枪，但是他已经摊开身子，离他们太远，无法用脚踢到。
te	I	She sent Jacques a little frown of reprimand all the same , but raven liked him all the more for that , felt a bond with him .
te	O	凯曼点头表示同意，并且我们大家能进行如此文明的对话这一事实意义重大。
te	I	He slowly turned around to watch the wall above him , and all eyes were glued to the two world maps on the wall behind him .
te	I	Though the temperature was in the seventies , the water was not , and it was early December .
te	O	艾米对克里斯笑了笑，并且这让他的整个世界都亮了起来。
te	O	我之前没有告诉你，但是我与别人有关系了。
te	O	他的手指在我身上收得更紧了些，并且我准备抽回我的手臂。
te	O	我的话让苏的眼睛像水獭一样圆睁着，并且我也感觉到威格斯的神情有所改变。
te	I	Otherwise the house was quiet , but when she reached the lower level , she could hear movement from the library .
te	I	I put the darkness behind me , bathing in the sunlight that streamed into the elevator and we hit the penthouse level .
te	O	他们中的一个向我走来，并且另一个则走向蒂亚。
te	O	我们亲吻了，并且我感觉我全身都因激情而点燃。
te	O	埃迪向后踉跄，并且然后向前猛冲，我怀疑他用尽全力挥舞着拳头。
te	O	尽管太阳仍然相当高，夜幕终将降临，并且他不想在天黑后被困在树林里。
te	O	她似乎对所有关于天使和不明飞行物的话题感到好笑。
te	O	当史蒂夫抓住黛比时，我曾短暂地忘记了这一点，但是现在我的训练又发挥作用了。
te	O	瑞秋把头从我胸前抬起来，并且她紫罗兰色的眼睛蒙上了一层光泽，显示出她头痛的程度。
te	O	他不喜欢回忆那些日子，并且我也没有让他告诉我。
te	I	You can do your best Michelson impression and Stick in the 60 degree wedge in case you get a nice floppy lie .
te	O	发生得太多了，太快了，并且这让他感到无所适从。
te	I	I want to try , but I 'm not sure I 'm cut out to be a hero like March .
te	I	A disk of interlocking metal polished to a satin smoothness popped up , and the Marshal 's left gauntlet split over the top of his forearm .
te	I	She pushes at my shoulder , turning me toward the door , and I frown .
te	O	我的左侧传来一阵刺耳的开裂声，并且就在派珀发出一声的时候我转过身。
te	O	我的语气里绝望显而易见，但是我无法消除它。
te	I	Since he 'd met Christa , all that had changed , but they had always gotten along well .
te	I	A nasty , open wound oozed down her left thigh , and a large piece of her jeans had been cut away .
te	I	Each joint was loaded with tools , and the legs each had three joints .
te	O	普拉提教会了我一种不同的运动方式，并且我的肌肉甚至因为我尝试过它而恨我。
te	O	父亲的痛苦终于结束了，并且他现在和母亲团聚了。
te	O	卡罗琳无法确定，但是她觉得她看到了埃迪脸上短暂的沮丧神情。
te	O	有些人想要伤害她，并且我真的希望你能替她多加留意。
te	O	我真的很希望那个联系能指引我回到我们来时的方向，但是它却把我带得更深地进入黑暗之中。
te	I	Why didn 't she have a date to the seventh-grade spring social , then , but people were always saying so ?
te	I	He fell like a tree and when he stepped back in surprise her ankle collapsed his leg out from under him .
te	I	I can 't see if I did any permanent harm , but I try to check myself as I did him .
te	O	我试图搬运雪橇，但是肖恩把它们从我手中拿走了。
te	O	泪水在我眼中涌起，但是我强忍着，用力地把它们逼回去。
te	I	The molecular integrity of the plating had been chipped , but no visible damage was inflicted .
te	O	交易已经完成，并且魔鬼看起来很满意。
te	O	我仍然不满意她杀戮的行为，并且我真的不确定她多久做一次。
te	I	Now I was too interested to turn it off , and seeing all this happening firsthand was a humbling experience .
te	O	这是一个儿科心脏病学单位的项目，并且它帮助年轻成人过渡到成人心脏病学世界。
te	O	我受够了这一切，并且我要继续我的生活。
te	O	我的脉搏加速了，并且我的手变得湿冷。
te	O	那些坑差点杀了我，并且我自从逃脱以来，看待事物的方式已经不同了。
te	O	他极力推荐运营它的人，并且推荐他的个人训练方案。
te	O	他的双腿以狂野而华丽的迅猛之势蜷曲起来，并且他飞过火焰扑向对方。
te	O	他把它们放在她膝盖上方一点，并且她的双腿像她的手臂一样被有效困住。
te	I	In the draft , I could smell Nuala 's flowery summer breath strongly , and it was several degrees cooler on the floor .
te	I	Though there was barely enough room to use it , they did it anyway and Jack Wack drove the dilapidated Gremlin into the cave .
te	O	毕肖普对她尖叫了些什么，并且他的尖牙落了下来。
te	O	医生的房子在一条繁忙的住宅街上，并且外面有人。
te	O	门关上了，并且它向上去了。
te	O	我撒谎了，并且我妈妈笑了。
te	I	If she didn 't find anything , she would resort to tearing the wound apart with her teeth but she didn 't need much .
te	I	The roar of the falls drowned any wails away , but the baby cried against her soaked chest .
te	O	他穿着一条牛仔裤，并且他没有动。
te	O	这对我来说也很艰难，但是对他们来说则完全不同。
te	O	这当然没有让继续下去变得更容易，但是他别无选择。
te	I	He wouldn 't see her anymore and she stood like a statue , stubbornly , childishly hoping she would disappear .
te	O	我可以发誓云朵散开了，并且我知道我看到了眼皮底下的烟花。
te	O	南方军团的一半会北上，并且另一半会留在原地。
te	O	这件物品曾是她的家，并且不知何故是她所有问题的可能开端。
te	I	To James it felt like they were worlds apart , but the distance wasn 't far .
te	O	他能闻到它，仿佛它就在他身边，但是它却很远，很远。
te	O	我从没想过我会说出这样的话，但是我相信在这种情况下你太专注了。
te	I	I 'll get decent money for you , and you 're a pretty girl .
te	I	Finally he started to leave and she tugged on him .
te	O	我可能不擅长游泳，但是我会跑步。
te	I	I was left with a nothingness and all of my dreams were swept away .
te	I	For the second he was , but his opponent hadn 't been quick enough for that .
te	I	When she asked , their replies had been vague , and Carrie couldn 't figure out what they were doing .
te	O	他给了阿布纳一份潜在孩子的名单，并且我是其中之一，因为他知道我妈妈怀着我。
te	I	Noah was getting closer to five and Bella had just turned four .
te	O	也许他没有意识到，但是我注意到他和我说话的样子，仿佛上个月没有发生过一样。
te	O	终止妊娠是不可能的，并且卡梅尔的父母会杀死他们俩。
te	I	Dad was coming to check it out , and I just said there 'd been some trouble .
te	I	No words came , but he opened his mouth as if to begin .
te	I	Every one of them appeared almost instantly and he sent a call to his brothers .
te	O	她的自信远超她的年龄，并且弗兰克独自和她待在房间里感到有些不安。
te	O	它没有被毁坏，但是快接近了。
te	O	宽慰立刻涌上心头，但是这丝毫没有减缓她剧烈跳动的心脏。
te	I	The hair on the back of my neck stood up , and I suddenly felt cold .
te	O	它欢快地鸣叫着，并且萨沙的下巴掉了下来。
te	O	他显然做了很多工作，并且所有的一切都达到了最高水准。
te	O	她知道这很危险，但是她不会放弃她的朋友。
te	O	他的肌肉开始变得饱满，并且每天他都显得更强壮了一点。
te	I	Dying to know what her skin feels like , but I finger the bottom of her sweater , careful not to take this too far .
te	O	她下了车，并且她做了她唯一能做的事情。
te	I	I narrow my eyes at him and Micha chuckles under his breath .
te	I	My heart began to overreact like it always did , and the kiss began much the same as usual Edward was as careful as ever .
te	O	疼痛很剧烈，但是很快就结束了。
te	O	他们无法理解我的生活，但是他们仍然爱我。
te	O	汤送来了，并且洛蕾塔啜饮着。
te	O	一只手碰了碰我的肩膀，但是我没有抬头。
te	I	His skin turned blue , and Sable 's eyes bulged .
te	O	我总是很累，并且睡眠似乎没有什么帮助。
te	O	有东西擦过我的手，并且我抓住了它。
te	O	莎拉告诉埃拉她已经把手机扔了，并且她再也不想要另一部了。
te	O	他们的价格对这个地区来说很合理，并且他们的咖啡也相当不错。
te	O	那可能是其他男人的幻想，但是她能看出来那不是他的。
te	O	一只手抓住了我的腿，并且我回头看了一眼亚伦。
te	I	Reed 's enhanced sight had no trouble seeing in the darkness , but the moon was hidden by the canopy of tree leaves above him .
te	O	还有一排华丽的连衣裙，但是艾娃已经仁慈地将那些保持在最低限度。
te	I	It was impossible , but she tried to smile .
te	I	I couldn 't bear the thought of a life without you , and you 're my woman .
te	O	我做到了，并且你会。
te	O	我咬了咬嘴唇，并且他摇了摇头。
te	I	He said it was okay as he rubbed my knee in the car , that he was glad that I was safe , and I apologized .
te	I	She loved him better than you , and you loved her better than me .
te	O	我们救回了科尔顿，并且如果他能离开这个鬼地方，他大概就会安全了。
te	O	我不撒谎，但是我搞砸了。
te	O	一个人问道，并且一颗子弹作为回应从我头边飞过。
te	I	He turned his head at the last moment so that her lips landed on his , but at least , she meant to kiss his cheek .
te	O	我们最近工作时间很长，并且我开始感到有点疲劳了。
te	O	然后我们可以把校准单元固定在这外面的岩壁上，并且它会调节发电机输入。
te	I	Words wouldn 't come , but Simone tried to speak .
te	O	玛拉是我从未发觉一直在等待的那个人，并且只要她愿意接纳我，我就绝不会让她走。
te	O	他曾试图把她从脑海中抹去，但是无论怎么努力似乎都无法做到。
te	O	我回以他一个微笑，但是我想要质问他。
te	O	我站在这里，赤身裸体，并且有一瞬间我吓得僵住了，动弹不得。
te	O	我与那个毛球平视，并且能从这里听到他咕噜声的引擎轰鸣。
te	O	那是一个承诺，并且我与他握了手。
te	I	It was coming back to her in spades and she made it her mission throughout his teenage years to make him miserable .
te	I	I 'm busy right now , but I 'd shake your hand .
te	I	I was driven , but I was terrified .
te	O	他们所生活的世界里没有荣耀，并且我很不幸地被卷入了其中。
te	I	He definitely didn 't want to , and he probably couldn 't overcome the protective impulse even if he wanted to .
te	I	She smiled back and he half smiled .
te	I	I showed him my best dead pan and he turned his gaze to only me .
te	I	They also had a nasty habit of dying in them , but people did a lot of living in their bedrooms .
te	O	她用它们来达到她对异性的目的，并且这总是奏效的。
te	O	沉重的背包让她失去平衡，并且她抓住了扶手。
te	O	也许有一天你会愿意对我敞开心扉，并且也许我会让你知道我的一些事情。
te	O	他的骨头断了，多得数不清，并且后来我会发现他的肺里正在充满液体。
te	I	I 'm not sure how much of it he can actually make out , but he squints at the scene blurring by .
te	I	I 'm in math class again , and it 's nearly a week later .
te	O	身体在动，但是我还是站不起来。
te	O	它地理位置优越，并且它经营得很好。
te	O	我竟然会记得那个，真是好笑，但是它在我记忆中如此清晰。
te	I	We went through it again and Aisling finished with everyone .
te	O	世界需要作为一个整体团结起来，但是显然政府完全不同意这一点。
te	I	The other girls did the same , and Alison turned around , rolling her eyes .
te	I	I couldn 't stop , but I knew he hated it when I cried .
te	O	诱惑削弱了她，但是她又摇了摇头。
te	O	她举起了手，并且他回以手势。
te	I	She had found them in the midst of it all by herself , yet it could not be denied that she was afraid of the dark .
te	I	I desperately wanted to know who was hurt , and a pool of red was rapidly forming around them both .
te	O	走廊分成了两条通道，并且我们走向了右边那条。
te	I	It served its purpose , but it wasn 't the fun , relaxing experience Surreal had wanted it to be .
te	I	The appropriate services were dispatched and my next call was to 911 .
te	I	I went to play golf and I needed to see you .
te	O	一抹得意的坏笑浮现在他嘴角，并且他拉近了我们之间的距离。
te	O	铃响了，并且课开始了。
te	I	He wrapped his arm around my shoulder , and I moved to lie down next to him .
te	I	This time , when she shoved me , I stumbled halfway across the room and her eyes narrowed .
te	O	他们的声音很高亢，但是不尖细。
te	O	当我看到那辆黑色凯迪拉克出现时，我的心沉了下去，并且它正径直朝我开来，车灯在刺眼的白昼中闪耀着。
te	O	他试图撑起身子，但是他的肌肉使不上力了。
te	I	The clouds messed with his communications , but he tried to call backup , just in case he didn 't make it out alive .
te	O	她的儿子被诊断出患有囊性纤维化，并且有时我会听到她在电话里与她差劲的HMO保险公司争吵。
te	I	They still lived on nevertheless , but they were merely whispers now .
te	I	Tara didn 't take notice , yet she walked up behind her .
te	I	The soft yellow glow from the Japanese lantern overhead gave the place a romantic feel , but the view wasn 't much .
te	I	She could smell the desire in me and we had finished the bottle of wine .
te	O	他们都认识老本，并且他们尊敬他。
te	O	巴里找到了一个反击一个正确的，并且这令人心痛不已。
te	I	He didn 't resist her aggression either and she was leaning back in to kiss him again before he could say another word .
te	O	他曾告诉莎拉这是一种恐吓，但是她总觉得其中可能带有一点自负。
te	I	I have never taken a foul narcotic into my body but it may be that I have transgressed in my time .
te	O	她的乳房贴着他坚硬的胸膛很柔软，但是她不想让这种感觉结束。
te	I	No power on earth could withstand him and very soon the alliance would be sealed .
te	I	I just wanted to forget it , but I should have told you about the kiss the second it happened .
te	I	She doesn 't answer but she looks at me .
te	I	I don 't plan to let anything make me weak , and I 'm not weak .
te	O	被告是弗吉尼亚州，但是很快有许多其他人加入了进来。
te	I	Not remotely in the way you 'd expect but her inner demons are slain in a very satisfying conclusion .
te	I	I did have raspberry jam , but I didn 't actually have any syrup .
te	O	她的勇气在那一刻崩溃了，并且她开始嘶哑而撕心裂肺地哭泣，让劳蕾尔心痛不已。
te	O	当时一切都很好，并且他们终于再次快乐起来。
te	I	I never thought it would feel this way but I had seen it in movies .
te	I	Loud male voices announced the arrival of a large group , and the door at the front of the bar crashed open .
te	O	我很安全，并且帕奇在这里。
te	O	第九章 摩根把靴子扔向门，但是这并没有让她感觉好一点。
te	I	She knew enough to agree with Holiday , but Kylie didn 't know Sky very wel .
te	O	他昨天才吃过东西，但是再次饮血的冲动拉扯着他。
te	I	When the bartender didn 't collect the money right away , Roxy stood to leave , and they each threw a five on the counter .
te	O	我无法通过看窗外判断，但是我们一定经常以接近光速的速度旅行。
te	I	His face changed , and the young man looked from Glory to Andrea .
te	O	一个声音从门廊传来，并且我把剪刀掉在了桌子上。
te	O	黄昏临近了，并且从表面上看，这场争论短期内不会得到解决。
te	I	It really was silly , but she hadn 't meant to .
te	O	她必须把自己清理干净，但是如果她那样做，身体面具就会被毁掉……该怎么办？
te	I	I could see it , but it was barely detectable .
te	I	She moaned aloud and the thick , bulging pressure hit her at exactly the right point .
te	O	谢德靠回洞穴墙壁，但是他体内已经没有战斗的意志了。
te	I	Vlad was right , but I hadn 't asked for this fight .
te	I	There was not a single time he lost and I had seen Edmond in many fights before .
te	O	绿色的裙子皱巴巴的，并且它确实需要洗一下了。
te	I	The surroundings weren 't doing much for my mood , and the motion made my headache worse .
te	I	They shared a kiss underneath a beach hut one night , and one of them was a girl called Astra who was smitten with Horace .
te	I	Our connection is broken and he then looks out the window .
te	I	I knew better than to assume things like I did the days before Cromwell ambushed us , but it looked like our escape was now very likely .
te	O	截至目前，没有谁会出席的记录，但是我还正在寻找。
te	I	There were many questions he wanted to ask , and Frank 's mind was focusing now .
te	O	颜色肯定不是军用的，并且它们看起来像一群坐缆车的初级滑雪者。
te	O	我不确定是否该告诉她塞巴斯蒂安和贾格尔被隔离在工厂里，正在制作第二个棺材俱乐部。
te	O	他们有几个共同的朋友，并且她有很好的幽默感。
te	O	清新的海风吹拂着我的脸，并且我深深地吸了一口气。
te	I	That was an anathema to us back then , and she believes in change .
te	O	我认识巴迪·加德纳，并且我仍然对这里发现的许多东西感到震惊。
te	O	她喜欢他比她高那么多，并且她很惊讶他依偎起来是如此舒适。
te	O	这个主意由于诸多原因而令人感到受辱，但是我们同意，希望能当面解释这样一场会议的不敬之处。
te	I	She held herself with quiet determination , but she stood a head shorter than I was .
te	I	He had to say something , but the only lie Pigeon could think of sounded pretty lame .
te	I	The rush of pride remained the same but we 'd been together more than once .
te	I	My gut instinct had been right , but he still looked skinny as hell .
te	I	Hers matched it , and his heart pounded .
te	O	远距离传输信息令人精疲力尽，并且瑞奥丹动摇了。
te	O	我本以为至少会看到一个黑影，但是我看到的只有深蓝色的水。
te	O	我看着她努力保持一副面无表情的样子，并且她僵硬地看着我的眼睛。
te	I	I felt like telling him not to waste it , and he was turning on the charm .
te	I	Like me , she suddenly became focused on the frayed edges of the couch arm , and she drew in a choked breath .
te	I	As I get closer , I see that he 's trembling and his head is curled low .
te	O	她反问道，并且我眨了眨眼。
te	O	从来没有人称赞我是个好厨师，但是我想心意最重要。
te	I	At last she realized who was beside her , but she seemed to have trouble focusing on him .
te	I	Ty never mentioned it , so I assumed she hadn 't , but I had no idea if they ever talked about me .
te	O	我需要你，因为我了解加西亚的一切，并且我不可能独自完成这件事。
te	O	天色已晚，并且路上几乎没有车辆。
te	O	当安妮到达厨房时，南希小姐已经走了，并且她想知道她是否也会出席下午茶。
te	I	I felt rather than saw him leave , but I wasn 't sure how long I cried .
te	O	她本想让这些话听起来很生硬，但是她一定是没有达到目的，因为他咯咯地笑了。
te	O	我伸出了一只手，并且一名警卫递给我他的手铐。
te	I	His foot propped up , like he 'd been watching me awhile and his arms were crossed over his chest .
te	O	他们都朝他喊，但是他们听到了屋子里的一声巨响，然后是沉重的脚步声。
te	O	我的眼睛睁大了，并且他嘲笑我脸上的表情。
te	O	其中一个人试图抓住杰里米亚的胳膊，但是那名黑衣突击队员轻松地从他手中滑脱了。
te	I	For my men , spare their lives , but I ask for no mercy for myself .
te	I	I stared at the diamond that lay in my palm , and I hovered in the darkness , my wings beating gently .
te	O	扎克很快赶上了，并且两人都向码头边缘望去，寻找着。
te	I	She was only seeing it now , and the email had been sent a few hours earlier in the evening .
te	O	她还记得办公室里常有的笑话，说老温特就像个克隆人，因为他看起来非常死板，但是这次不一样。
te	O	炙热流遍她的血管，并且她的太阳穴搏动着。
te	I	She straightened in a snap , and the sound of his voice jolted her .
te	I	It won 't be long before our ride arrives to pick us up , but we can talk more .
te	I	I was never going to find the perfect man , but he wasn 't perfect .
te	I	His brows drew down as he read the page through , and Misty handed it to him .
te	O	她的种族对这些人来说无关紧要，并且她知道那不会改变。
te	I	Her eyes were truly terrifying and the woman giggled to herself .
te	I	All seem to feel it , and for it is honesty , understood in that deep historical sense , that is paramount here .
te	I	He said he didn 't even notice , and I even asked Diego if he cared .
te	I	She realized it wasn 't the answer she 'd been hoping for , and her heart tightened .
te	I	She finally gave in to the feeling and the hot sun was lulling her to sleep .
te	O	因为克莱顿·里德回到了戴维森，并且我准备好了他会再次摧毁我的世界……又一次。
te	I	A new one started and the song ended .
te	I	The man still held the flames , but it soon disappeared in a puff of smoldering ash .
te	O	她可能想去旅行，但是她主要想去看其他像她自己的世界，趁它们还在存在的时候。
te	I	That was enough to drive her into the cold , and the clerk must have asked if there was anything he could help her find .
te	O	人影向前迈步，并且脸部从阴影中显现出来。
te	I	He was damned if he didn 't feel himself blushing and a small smile crept across her lips .
te	I	The traps freaked you out and I know the gun safe .
te	O	它们的肿胀更多源于我亲自擦洗的方式，而非亲吻，但是对詹姆斯来说似乎并不重要。
te	I	Nobody would know and she would just walk out of the place .
te	O	在那方面它成功了，但是他们隐匿时的粗心大意迫使我采取行动。
te	O	我从这个距离看不清他是否死了，但是他看起来没有在动。
te	I	He raised his own gun , and this blast sailed past him .
te	O	它是混沌的原始物质，并且那是万物的开端。
te	O	他们需要一段时间才能适应，但是一旦他们适应了，他们都会非常开心。
te	O	他不需要知道细节，但是至少她告诉了他真相。
te	I	There 's something you 're not telling me , and I 'm pretty good at knowing when someone 's lying .
te	O	希恩只有一次机会，并且他知道这一点。
te	O	他说你的腿已经感染了，并且你失了很多血。
te	O	她转身要走，但是德莱尼抓住了她的手臂。
te	I	She pushed the head of his cock against the opening of her sex and her left hand slid down .
te	O	她想尖叫，但是沉默是她的盟友。
te	I	Something holds me back , but I think about going over there , introducing myself .
te	O	尽管我努力抵抗它们，眼泪还是开始流淌，并且我不确定我是否能永远阻止它们。
te	O	杀死它们就像砍掉蜘蛛的头，只有毒牙是真正危险的，并且没有了毒牙，腿就会失去方向。
te	I	There seemed to be no reason for departing from the carefully crafted order of things , and Today seemed no different from any other .
te	I	Doyle 's sword point pushed him back down , but Cel tried to sit up .
te	I	Winter had no royal blood , but Princess Winter would make a good match for this boy .
te	I	I was hooked and it was my first MMORPG .
te	I	My mouth hung open and my eyes went wide .
te	O	有人显然是想害你，并且你不知道是谁。
te	I	The other was shattered , leaving only a jagged edge behind , but one of his hidden diamond blades was still intact .
te	I	Instead of throwing it to me as the others had done , she expertly spun it out to Reed , but D.D. ran to get it .
te	O	他转向我，并且他的脸被消防部门带来的聚光灯照亮了。
te	O	我每天都看到它，并且我仍然不明白。
te	I	She deserved it , but every breath hurt .
te	I	I wasn 't going to be sick , but I 'd cried in front of him .
te	O	可能是因为我也看不出为什么它不会，但是那是另一回事了。
te	O	他在王子肩膀上方做了一个动作，并且一个袋子被套在了王子的头上。
te	O	他在那房间里做过无数的梦，用千万种方式想象过他展开的人生……，并且没有任何预兆着像这样的一刻。
te	I	The Prince knew that she felt vindicated , and the girl stood up , staring at him .
te	I	The barrier was holding and I didn 't feel any drain of strength .
te	O	我们的排走出了树林，但是我们无法击败德国人。
te	O	他脸红了，并且她笑了。
te	O	她知道自己应该调查康妮的谋杀案，但是与一个可能的杀手面对面是一件可怕的事情。
te	O	她的气味没有改变，但是那并没有多大意义。
te	O	拉斯从一个较大的洞口溜了进去，并且我跟在他后面，庄严地凝视着一排排的坟墓。
te	I	Sometimes I wished I had a cheat sheet so I wouldn 't need all the explanations , but everyone was young once .
te	I	They shone like normal steel , but they blades were black as night .
te	I	His teeth were clean and his mouth tasted better .
te	O	他的肩膀僵硬，并且他的下巴很紧绷。
te	O	他尝试了，但是他失败了。
te	I	Most likely they found some sort of self-satisfaction in their industriousness , and the point is , they had it handled .
te	O	我感到内心有什么东西在回应，就像一股电流在我的皮肤下涌动，冲向我的指尖，并且突然间一切都变得清晰多了。
te	I	He broke other woman 's hearts , but sure , he had a reputation .
te	O	我给了他一个茫然的眼神，尽管我以前听过这些名字，并且他的整个身体都因这个消息而松弛下来。
te	I	I wanted to stay in this car for eternity and a similar look passed over her .
te	I	I pulled her against my chest , and she collapsed , leaning into me .
te	I	It was necessary , but Dan probably would not like it .
te	O	我感到怒火在血管中涌动，并且话语在我来不及阻止前脱口而出。
te	I	He held up his hand , but I was about to protest .
te	I	The corpses hauled aside , and fallen comrades were checked for signs of life .
te	O	我会问她，但是我 D知道她会说什么。
te	I	Yet I couldn 't control my ridiculous feelings and I was such a love-struck girl .
te	I	I saw what he felt , and his longing was unmasked .
te	I	His smile was sympathetic , but she expected more gloating .
te	O	至少寒冷暂时奏效了，并且他的身体某种程度上恢复了控制。
te	I	Already the temperature hovered around one hundred degrees , and it was only the second week of June .
te	I	I sent up a small prayer , and my feet connected with solid wood .
te	I	Pink roses are girls , and yellow roses are boys .
te	I	I sit by her bedside and my mom reaches her hand out to me .
te	I	The emperor taken prisoner and the ship was boarded .
te	I	Mounds of bandages had been wrapped around my calf and my jeans had been torn off at the knees .
te	O	当她从公交车站走来时，灿烂的阳光一直照耀着她，并且环绕着她的空气温暖得令人心旷神怡。
te	O	她把门开得很大，并且他接受了这无声的邀请。
te	O	她的目光与他的相遇，并且他倾斜着头，姿态让她觉得无比性感。
te	I	I saw your house , and it was cold outside .
te	O	特里斯坦怒视着门，并且门砰地一声关上了。
te	I	He broke the rules he was supposed to follow and he didn 't want her to suffer any longer .
te	O	出租车到了，并且他们飞快地回家了。
te	O	她把戒指套在手指上，并且当很明显那样行不通时，她把它戴在了拇指上。
te	O	乍一看，人们会认为这种想法是绝对的胡说八道，因为“很明显”事情要么发生，要么不发生。
te	O	她喜欢做饭，但是不用担心任何事情地吃饭真好。
te	O	他很清楚她对这次出游的感受，然而他却故意利用女孩们的友谊来策划他们的夜晚。
te	I	He looks back at me , and I look at his reflection .
te	I	He exudes the most reassuring aura of unflappable calm , but maybe it 's because he 's lived so long .
te	O	我笑，并且我爱。
te	O	那是一件小事，但是文并没有忘记它。
te	O	他是杰克·索尔特，但是他不是。
te	O	我没想到我会，但是内心深处我希望。
te	I	I couldn 't see him clearly through the windshield reflecting the lights from the hospital , but 12 I squinted at Officer Fox .
te	O	我想不起来它是什么，但是我知道这不是我第一次听到它。
te	I	It really was incredible how flippin ' gorgeous he was and I looked up to see him standing in our doorway .
te	I	With a bit of luck they could pull their mission off flawlessly , and the pieces had fallen into place .
te	O	我与他对视，并且他正专注地盯着。
te	O	巫师转身去收集他需要的物资，并且格蕾塔动了动。
te	O	头猛地转过来看着她，但是黑暗之父什么也没说。
te	I	I waved , and Mike 's face appeared .
te	O	野兽的凝视也强烈地刺痛着我的背，但是我同样无视他。
te	I	It was just because of your family , but I know you can be a bastard when you want to .
te	O	我可以用我的积蓄支付这些开销，但是她正在利用父母的愧疚感来试图改变我的主意。
te	O	把她抱在怀里感觉很棒，但是那种感觉与内心沸腾的怒火抗衡着。
te	I	Amazingly , no one had as yet awakened from their siesta , and it was by now only fifty yards to the enemy tents .
te	O	我父亲是第100位国王，并且我是他的长女。
te	I	It wasn 't quiet , but it was like a great roaring silence in my head .
te	O	它会冒很多烟，但是我们不会冻僵。
te	O	我从未抱过我的孩子，并且和蒂米在一起是我能最接近那种感觉的时候。
te	O	他的眼睛闭上了，并且他似乎又陷入了无意识状态。
te	O	好像球场上只有他们两个人，并且其他人都只是旁观者。
te	I	He 'd keep his vow , and he had promised not to .
te	O	他不知道自己睡了多久，但是奇怪的是，是寂静把他弄醒的。
te	O	他的手套磨得我手臂很不舒服，并且他尝起来像肉桂口香糖。
te	O	火势已经减弱了，但是西蒙仍然蹲在地板上，看起来很茫然。
te	O	保罗什么也没说，但是内心深处他知道她是正确的。
te	I	Drops pounded the roof , but the inside of the cab was a relief from the rain .
te	I	No one paid any attention to it , but there was a cat slouching in a dark corner .
te	I	I hold on to his arms to stay steady as we press together like two blades at a stalemate , and his fingers slide into my hair .
te	O	我直接看着宝宝的眼睛，并且她发出了那种小婴儿的声音。
te	O	肯尼从他的角度看不到那个男人的脸，但是他不需要。
te	I	Her angle is that the house will be occupied , unavailable to her -- but Lucia too has her reservations .
te	I	I guess I 'm simply exhausted and it 's been a long week .
te	O	他刚满十八岁，并且是时候成为一个男人了。
te	I	I knew that this must be Henry Thorne , Virginia 's brother , and as she did , her hand covered her stomach protectively .
te	I	I don 't know if I got them all , but I tried taking out the metal splinters from the car last night .
te	I	Then his lips found mine , and he kissed me tenderly along the curve of my cheek .
te	I	The bridges looked like Lego pieces , and the Seine snaked across the land .
te	O	贝丝的头快速地点了点头，并且她在角落里坐了下来。
te	O	电话响了，并且她屏住了呼吸。
te	I	When he was done he was a man of his word , but they were rough as hell with her too .
te	I	The less Lance knew about that , the better , but actually , she was wearing an old bridesmaid dress .
te	I	Andra 's eyes closed in relief , and he pulled in a shuddering breath .
te	I	I just started laughing , but I didn 't know why .
te	O	他把番茄塞进嘴里，并且不理会路易莎不满的眼神，继续满嘴说话。
te	I	Dean came up with an idea , but we missed our original flight plan .
te	O	他身穿黑衣，脖子上围着一条长围巾，手上戴着手套。
te	O	我们上了他的车，并且他把车倒出了停车位。
te	O	它只是一段段地传来，并且她因为他的无知而痛苦着。
te	I	He walked toward the bar , and he took her hand in his .
te	I	Even James 's eyes grew red , and beside me , my mother slipped her hand into mine .
te	O	你以为你把我变成了杀手，尼古拉，但是那不是你。
te	I	We drifted into class and I shook my head .
te	O	他们假装睡着了，但是他看到他们中有两个人偷偷看了他一眼。
te	O	我不知道他身上有什么，但是他给人的印象是鬼鬼祟祟的。
te	I	When that had died out , she 'd settled in as a trainer , and she 'd trained as a fighter , moved to blockade running .
te	O	我设法说服医生让我见那个官员，但是等我到那里时，阿尔芭已经和他坐在一起了。
te	O	杰米又叫了起来，并且接着蔡斯便失去了控制。
te	I	She 'd had to dig into her private savings , and soon the money had started to run out .
te	O	西蒙看起来像有人刚杀了他的小狗，但是凯特闭上了眼睛，沉浸在每个字里。
te	O	传来一声尖叫，并且黄玉般的眼睛黯淡了。
te	O	那是1891年的平安夜，并且他给我讲这个故事的时候我六岁。
te	I	Evidently something was badly wrong , but Uncle Mario appeared to be at their head .
te	I	His speed saved his life but Blood began to flow .
te	O	你曾经指责我抛弃了我的天赋，但是我发誓我所拥有的能力并非天赋。
te	O	我没那么聪明，而且我身体不够高大，无法在克莱姆森大学打主力。
te	I	I fear asking her will remind her , but why she 's not running away again like she has been .
te	O	她受他影响，并且目前我们只能顺其自然。
te	I	His eyes heated , and his jaw hardened .
te	O	我的双臂环上他的脖颈，并且我踮起脚尖，以便更好地靠近他的嘴唇。
te	I	The creatures were closing in on us but our feet slapped off of the concrete as we raced down the tunnel .
te	I	I watched him bounce down the lawn toward the front door , and his car door flew open .
te	O	那间小房间没有我妈妈的步入式衣帽间大多少，但是早上却很难离开它。
te	O	那不太可能发生，但是她当然不希望她的朋友泄露她去找过布拉德的事。
te	I	He wasn 't ready to come out of the shadows yet and he was a coward .
te	O	找到其他人是朱恩和我一直以来所希望的一切。
te	I	The words had come out without a thought , but she didn 't intend to sound so callous .
te	I	He said nothing , but Michael was puzzled .
te	I	The noise of the jets settled back into their imperturbable whistle and the rain stopped crashing on the Perspex window .
te	O	她吻了我的嘴唇，并且我相信了她。
te	O	她的对手就在这里，并且她绝对恨他。
te	I	In that time they had scarcely paused to draw breath , and before they realised it , seven hours had gone by .
te	I	I always rejected his pleas , and Eric always wanted to come with me when I took my long walks .
te	O	她在这里感到很自在，并且每个人都让她感到非常舒服。
te	I	She could probably get on somewhere else , but if that happened , Chey would be without a job , too .
te	O	他们猛地一拉，并且他掉进了一个从地里伸出来抓他的贪婪爪子的巢穴里。
te	O	食物托盘都模糊成一片，并且信使感到自己饱了。
te	I	I felt a hand upon my shoulder , but sometime later , I can 't say when .
te	I	I stepped inside and Woods opened the door for me .
te	I	MW was taken aboard and a skiff was launched .
te	I	I wanted to cut my tongue out , and the smile broke across his face the way the sunrise set the clouds on fire .
te	O	太阳下山了，并且广阔的空间变暗了。
te	O	他停顿了，并且我等待着。
te	I	The kids inside waved and another car beeped .
te	O	仪式将完成，并且交换将自愿进行。
te	O	阳光开始透过窗帘洒进来，并且窗外是一座美丽的城市，里面住满了无辜的人，而我刚刚亲眼目睹了它被蹂躏。
te	I	He held her beneath him , but she went to roll away .
te	O	如今人人都有手机，而且她没想过领主们会理所当然地认为她是从猎人那里得到的。
te	I	Thankfully there were professionals he could hire who did , but he hadn 't known exactly what was needed .
te	O	有两款纳帕谷的供品，但是她选择了一款来自澳大利亚的，觉得听起来更异域风情一些。
te	O	她内心深处的那个女人想加入他，但是她很快提醒了自己萨沙是怎样一种男人。
te	O	我的谎言听起来很荒谬，并且他知道这一点。
te	I	She was grateful to have them , but the gloves were loose .
te	I	They started swaying to a slow tune and he guided her into his arms .
te	I	Our plan fails or they cannot spot you .
te	I	Max didn 't seem to notice , but Preston knew his expression had to reveal his opinion on that subject .
te	O	他从小在一个有四个姐妹的家里长大，一直都身处其中，但是他却说不出哪个姐妹喜欢什么香水。
te	I	Their weapons didn 't waiver , but the marines exchanged confused glances .
te	I	When you pulled on your reserves , you had to allow time to recover , and Energy was energy .
te	I	I cannot see what as my constraints are not allowing it but my head rests against something spongy .
te	I	She didn 't fall , but the impact stung her feet .
te	I	There was not a thing she could do about it , and she earned toh for every moment she did not help .
te	I	It didn 't look unhealthy , but his skin was almost white .
te	I	If I could use his endorsement , even a backdoor endorsement , I should , and Nephilim worshipped him .
te	O	我看了她一眼，意思是说我不饿，但是她已经摇着头表示抗议了。
te	O	米娅呼吸平稳，并且她一动不动。
te	I	He wrapped his arms around Kelly as they kissed , and Nick sat up to meet him as Kelly leaned over him .
te	O	他没有停止他执着的手指的侵扰，并且她继续达到高潮，对此无能为力。
te	O	诺娃保持沉默，并且她的父亲不安地动着脚。
te	I	We damned sure can 't parole state prisoners , but we can do a lot of things .
te	O	他当然不喜欢与人互动，但是那不意味着他的倾向在备受尊崇的军团中必然是普遍的。
te	I	This somehow made Cory feel better than Gene , and he always played it safe .
te	I	He always heard her song , but he lost sight of her from time to time .
te	O	告诉他一切都好，并且不要把生活看得太认真。
te	O	蔡斯让我毛骨悚然，并且皮特让我皮肤发麻。
te	O	该死，她喜欢他，并且她喜欢这里。
te	O	我不能真的告诉人们纳什死了，但是我没必要继续走同样的路。
te	O	今晚咖啡馆很安静，并且舒缓的当代爵士乐在音响系统中播放着。
te	O	当我把长笛递给尼克时，我们的手指碰触了一下，并且他抬头看了一眼，然后移开了视线。
te	O	我没能摧毁那个恶魔，但是不知为何，那个人类宿主在与它结合了将近一个世纪后却设法活了下来。
te	O	他向我走近了一步，并且我用手在床上往后挪了挪。
te	I	His eyes remained expressionless , but his chin lifted a notch .
te	I	Most of the time this wasn 't necessary , but we used fire occasionally to cook big feasts .
te	I	The other servants finally have the sense to cower in fright , and his voice reverberates through the room like thunder .
te	O	培根煎得酥脆度恰到好处，而且当她咬下去的时候，她差点呻吟出声。
te	O	因为是周末，她恰好在家，并且她检查了他的脚踝，当时鲜血正喷溅到厨房的油毡布上。
te	I	She took it and he extended his hand to her .
te	O	门开了，并且德莱顿走进了房间，手里拿着一份薄薄的纸质文件。
te	O	她独自一人，并且他很想直接敲门。
te	O	她的眼皮变得沉重，并且她无法阻止它们合上，即使她为失去他俯视着她的景象而感到悲伤。
te	I	I smiled and the red warning light flashed .
te	O	霍勒斯爵士推了一下，并且自行车开始移动了。
te	O	传来了一阵涟漪般的裂响，食尸鬼的战吼变成了一声痛苦的尖叫，并且他消失在了密歇根湖冰冷的水中。
te	O	他看了过去，但是格蕾丝什么也没说。
te	I	He said he had to make a pit stop and apparently they had been texting .
te	I	Until her frown smoothed , he wouldn 't back off , and he owed this woman .
te	O	秘书们偶尔会投给她一个不赞同的眼神，但是似乎没有人跟她说什么。
te	O	我筋疲力尽，无法再多告诉他们什么了，并且这只会增加他们无休止的问题。
te	O	这不公平，并且我只顾着自己。
te	O	双胞胎冲进哈尔的怀抱，进行了最后一次拥抱，并且他悄悄地在他们俩的耳边说了些什么。
te	I	The picture painted of Perez was one of an underground legend but the scarce information proved to be very hard to get .
te	I	She threw his hands off , and he moved his hands to the back of her head , trying to push her down .
te	I	Normally I would have expended some effort to be more polite , but I didn 't want to see anyone , not a soul .
te	O	她余光中的一道闪光吸引了她的注意，并且她转过身，看到一个人影，在树木的阴影下，正举枪瞄准他们。
te	I	He had already seen it a dozen times , but she had no interest in admitting her weakness .
te	O	普里查德只是瞪了她一眼，并且她靠回了长凳上（仍然气喘吁吁地）。
te	O	他急切地想让她品尝正在供应的葡萄酒，并且她的确照做了，尽管每种只浅尝一小口。
te	O	米奇继续滔滔不绝地念出表格中的其他数据，但是她几乎没注意到他说的话，因为这无关紧要。
te	I	Henrietta was getting better , but there was still a lot to learn .
te	O	麦克斯身体又僵硬了，并且内森忍不住扑上去。
te	O	以前她会和他待在这里一整晚，但是现在海登的模棱两可的信号让她心烦意乱。
te	O	门开了，并且凯琳走了进来。
te	I	I slew around on my knees and I see his gaze shift to somewhere behind me .
te	I	The Director pushed the door open and I nodded my head yes .
te	O	我妈妈当侦探的时候从没临阵退缩，并且我现在也不会。
te	O	我低头看了一眼那颗闪耀的心脏，并且一股令人不快的寒意传遍我的脊椎。
te	O	我们停在酒店房间前，并且威尔用房卡让我进去。
te	O	他已经成功取得了赛勒斯的喜爱，并且现在他是布兰尼根餐厅的大股东了。
te	I	Kevin easily unhooked it , but it was latched at the top where a toddler couldn 't reach .
te	O	她和别人在一起，并且他需要尊重这一点。
te	I	He 's swinging his door open and I look at Gavin .
te	I	It makes him look insane , and his dark hair is sticking up two inches over his head .
te	I	It 's true I didn 't have it that great growing up , but I 'm not ashamed of where I 've come from .
te	I	I understood , but I was only seven years old .
te	I	He looked at her in surprise , and Leah 's hand was suddenly over his mouth .
te	I	Liam didn 't seem affected , but Meg 's tone was icy .
te	O	营业时间已经过了，并且这个地方看起来仍然关闭着。
te	O	只需要再看一眼他那无忧无虑的笑容，所以她就被解除了武装。
te	I	Flung herself in his arms and she jumped to her feet .
te	I	I could literally retrace my steps , which I of course did , and the snow outside was indented with our tracks from the day before .
te	I	Her expression softened , and Conway couldn 't resist a nervous glance her way .
te	I	The build of his body was solid but he wasn 't quite six foot tall .
te	I	Those were the breaks , right -- but sure , you could feel sorry for Ajax , maybe even admire him ?
te	I	They 'd barely been married more than three days , and she already had a healthy list of things to hold against the man .
te	I	His tongue insistent and his lips were warm .
te	I	It was a complete success , and the meeting was over in less than two hours .
te	O	他为我拉着捷豹的车门，并且我们就出发了。
te	O	我为自己闯出了名声，但是现在这对我而言毫无意义。
te	O	她想尽快让他离开房子，但是没有亡灵之书他们就不能离开。
te	I	They were criminals , and they were traitors .
te	O	肖恩看着他的手机，并且他低声对米奇说。
te	I	I 'm glad they didn 't and I was expecting them to ask .
te	I	There was an easy , bright mood about him , but he probably wasn 't experiencing that exact sensation .
te	I	My cheeks flushed , and my heart jumped .
te	O	丹尼斯翻遍了他的各种口袋，但是他平时带着的笔记本不见了，它前一天晚上忘在了大衣里。
te	I	I can 't quit a woman 's flesh and I can 't resist .
te	O	罗伯伸出双手，并且我渐渐地也这样做了，不确定。
te	I	It doesn 't reveal itself , but I strain to read the name on the grave .
te	I	Viktor coughed to hide its sizzle , and a match ignited the wicks .
te	I	It matches how he wants me , and my body knows how I want him .
te	I	The cut on his palm was still there but the bruised caused by his stupidity had been gone .
te	O	我喜欢确保她没有惹麻烦，并且她喜欢了解汉普郡的生活。
te	I	His eyes filled with small orange flames , and his breath flowed past the little knight .
te	O	那个可怜的孩子是被故意搞垮的，并且我们都选择忽略它——我们所有人。
te	O	他离成功那么近，但是他完全迷失了。
te	I	She 's with me , but watch all you want .
te	O	宙斯推翻了老一辈的神祇，并且在那些古老的神祇中就有复仇女神。
te	I	Now I 'm back in the hospital and I spent a good portion of my afternoon stuck under a car .
te	I	Everything went dark , and Pain burst deep in her skull , a blaze that shot all the way down her spine .
te	I	His dizziness made him clumsy , but Hart saw his boot draw back , tried to grab it as it came down .
te	O	这个项目已经过半了，并且我们应该庆祝一下。
te	O	茱莉冲向格雷格，并且他把剪刀指向她的脸。
te	I	I wondered briefly why I had never noticed the evil that shined through them and her eyes looked into mine with malice .
te	O	这不是霍莉的，并且也不是马克的。
te	O	俄克拉荷马市中心没有多少高楼大厦，并且夜晚的这个时段大部分灯都关着。
te	I	He hit himself on the head trying to crawl through one of the small doorways , but my dad tried to catch me .
te	I	Ingrid laughed , and I said .
te	O	它本应该是一个女娃娃，但是它却有点变成了猫。
te	O	玛丽试了好几次，但是她没能做到。
te	O	他外表看起来像保罗，但是内心里他却是一个完全不同的人。
te	O	普里阿摩斯和我一样喜欢选择，并且提供这些选择是我的职责。
te	I	Linda go after him in a blind fury and Josie looked back in time to see him stumble .
te	O	她刺鼻的呼吸喷到他的鼻子里，并且他转过身去避开它。
te	I	Now is no time for good manners , but I know it is rather rude .
te	O	她开一辆深灰色帕萨特，并且她可能只有五英尺高。
te	O	当然有些人永远不会犯罪，但是有些人需要帮助来培养技能以避免犯罪。
te	O	我对克莱尔报以一个勉强的微笑，但是她只是饶有兴致地扬了扬眉毛。
te	I	A touch of excitement climbed through my body at an alarming rate , but I felt uncomfortable .
te	I	Nothing has even happened yet , and I can already feel myself clenching around him .
te	I	The eighteenth floor was the penthouse and the ground floor was the basement .
te	I	It goes straight to his voicemail again , but still , I call Professor Morgan , if only to question him about how he got the book .
te	O	他制造的裂缝有数英里宽，并且下方深处的熔岩开始通过那可怕的裂口喷涌而出。
te	O	他睁开了眼睛，并且它们是红色的。
te	O	我不愿让她再受苦，但是这必须完成。
te	I	That way they would save on meals , and getting an apartment would be the best , she thought .
te	I	Somehow I managed to shrug them off , but the comments hurt .
te	I	I was happy to see that she was no longer down on herself and she laughed then , an energized , deep , from the gut laugh .
te	O	她全身欲火焚身，并且他的触摸让她猛烈颤抖着达到了高潮。
te	I	There were no flames , but Jack looked in alarm into his garbage can .
te	I	It wasn 't something she wanted to go through again and she had done nothing to stop her mother 's death .
te	O	我不是要你承担我的责任，但是你在男孩们身边会很好。
te	O	他穿过酒吧时，身体挤撞着他，但是他只是粗暴地把那些身体推开。
te	I	She 'd made her choices , and Augusta had lived her life .
te	I	I 'd hardly eaten any of it , but they 'd fed me at Art 's .
te	I	I wasn 't , but people always talk about being nervous on their wedding day .
te	O	他们生活在阴影中，并且尽管他们出来制造破坏，他们秘密行事。
te	O	几个老师朝她投来目光，但是布鲁克没有理会他们。
te	I	The wind was picking up , and the rain was falling harder .
te	O	我无法思考，更不用说感受到除了血管中流淌的纯粹暖流之外的任何东西。
te	I	Now it is void of any occupants at all , but the area seems to have been inhabited once upon a time .
te	I	There was no response but I screamed for her .
te	I	I at him , and Charley lunged at me .
te	I	We should try to find the children before that , but from the sounds of it , they will contact you .
te	I	He snapped off a few pictures in quick succession , and Carmine smiled on demand , ready to get it over with .
te	O	他知道我们都会在竞技场的人群中，并且他希望那是最后的对峙。
te	I	His instincts told him he was right , but he hadn 't been paying direct attention .
te	I	She lost her chance to share with them what she 'd heard and she wanted to try finding the boys before anything happened to her .
te	O	珍妮一如既往地欣然前往，但是她紧抓着盒子。
te	O	最终我打了个盹，并且那个梦又回来了。
te	O	这么多年来，你为我做了一切，仿佛我是你亲生血脉一样，并且我从未对你说过我心存感激。
te	O	她的心在胸膛里剧烈跳动，并且她的头晕眩失控。
te	I	She remains seated , watching me as I walk to the door and I stand up .
te	I	Sunday was no exception , and the miners were rowdy seven days a week .
te	O	它就像枪声，但是却不是那样。
te	O	这一切都显得极其神秘，但是话说回来，整个情况也确实如此。
te	I	It isn 't enough , but I do have money in the bank .
te	I	Dante is talking , and Elena is close to him , way too close .
te	I	He acted like a gentleman , and it felt good .
te	O	他走进屋里，并且在一个小时里，他反复地从窗户往外看，想看看是否有人会出现。
te	I	Addy arrived home still wired with irritation after seeing Dan , but * It was an otherwise ordinary day at work .
te	O	我甚至没有告诉埃文更多，但是他并没有给我施加压力。
te	I	We are not , but trojans may be merchants .
te	O	他的心又重跳了一拍，并且他无法否认自己很高兴她自己坚持了恰当的观影礼仪。
te	O	我能从我的声音里听出来，并且他也能。
te	O	她能看到她的指关节有多白，但是她的手却感觉与身体某种程度上脱节了，仿佛它们属于别人。
te	I	She wasn 't certain why , but A step out of place .
te	I	He had not seen that colour for many cycles now , but his natural colour was a dark blonde .
te	I	I would reciprocate in double and show me the compassion .
te	I	I can tell he 's smiling , and he nibbles at my bottom lip .
te	I	It had worked equally well in life and she 'd learned that in high-school geometry .
te	I	Amira shoved to her feet , and a perverse notion gripped her .
te	O	他回想起八年前和杰斯让卡罗琳经历的地狱。
te	I	They were needed and ready for when the dark times came .
te	O	我的土地上仍然有入侵，并且我必须表明我不会再允许这种情况发生。
te	I	He left tickets for all of us but Greg wasn 't there .
te	O	泪水打湿了她的脸，并且他的嘴唇找到了它们。
te	O	我故意让她走在我前面，主要是为了表现得像个绅士，但是很多也与景色有关。
te	I	My body instinctively fought the current , but I tried telling myself not to panic .
te	O	莱塔知道这可能是一个缺点，但是她无法轻易地从一个电梯换到另一个电梯。
te	I	Tapestry spoke out , but Tapestry 's mother made to approach the kitten .
te	O	迈克开始笑了，但是奥普九号眼中的神色扼杀了它。
te	O	贾斯汀把我拉了起来，但是托里已经出了门。
te	O	她的车开始摇晃，并且她用她的超能力更用力地按着车后备箱来保持它不动。
te	I	The mattress had a slight dip in it , and the other side of the bed was warm .
te	O	派对散了，并且劳伦斯若有所思地爬上了他的塔楼房间。
te	I	It was Jules and the phone rang then .
te	O	他抓住我头发的手收紧了，并且他的臀部随着无声的恳求向前摇摆。
te	O	他似乎必须努力集中注意力，但是他最终点了点头。
te	I	He 'd started a family with someone else , but Josh might love her with all his heart .
te	O	他的话语是嘲讽的，但是他的声音很温柔。
te	I	Brennan couldn 't come anywhere near him and she wanted to explain to him that Reid was dangerous .
te	O	解脱感涌上心头，并且我用力地点了点头。
te	I	He didn 't remember anything from what she said happened , but she had told him what had happened .
te	I	He could understand , but he could not hope to explain it .
te	I	Joey actually stopped and I watched them get farther away .
te	O	她的安全是第一位的，并且他无论如何都不会改变主意。
te	O	她约会了，并且那很不错。
te	O	当他将自己倾泻在她体内时，她的愉悦感将她淹没，并且她身心俱裂，然后飘入一片黑暗的海洋。
te	I	That 's exactly how she was acting , but she never thought of herself as shy before .
te	I	She gasped , and her hand closed around the knife handle .
te	I	The muscles in Braden 's jaw were tense , and I then went on to elaborate until my breathing grew hitched .
te	O	德维什夫人，他的小学一年级老师很刻薄，但是她从未试图伤害他。
te	O	她的语气表明她有多么讨厌提问，并且他也感觉到她已接近极限。
te	O	她的长发是浅棕色的，夹杂着灰白的发丝，并且她的眼睛是惊人的碧蓝色。
te	O	他们中的一些人设法击中了我，并且我因疼痛而微笑。
te	O	我转向他，并且他感觉到了这个动作。
te	I	I was conscious of a definite relief when the door opened , and the tray was not getting any lighter .
te	O	速度如此，并且他可能活不到和斯特凡诺战斗了。
te	I	She didn 't seem to be able to stop , but she was sure she was making him uncomfortable with the staring .
te	O	我为所有可能发生的事情而哭泣，并且我为实际存在的美丽而哭泣。
te	I	I 'm a little blown away and we pull up to the house .
te	I	I sat forward with worry and Noah 's voice was panicked .
te	I	She is no friend of mine , but I am bound to my sister by blood .
te	I	The fire in his eyes was like an incendiary , quickening a similar blaze inside her and his breath was too soft on her face .
te	I	Her arm slowly lowered to her lap and Elena 's smile faded .
te	O	我摇了摇头，但是我注意到西奥的眉毛也因专注而紧锁。
te	I	When the Humvees turned down Old Copper Road , I didn 't follow , but I kept my distance as we left the city lights behind .
te	I	Winkler would get along very well in the food department and I think he .
te	I	I almost thought she was buying Asa 's story , and Mrs. Kathleen nodded in acknowledgement .
te	O	他喉咙深处发出呻吟，并且我闭上了眼睛，感到愉悦。
te	O	他以前听过，但是那只是耳语。
te	I	His features were an indistinguishable dark blur , but his face was shaped like a human .
te	I	She didn 't care much for the expression on his face , and he turned slowly to look at her .
te	O	阳光透过百叶窗的缝隙偷偷照进来，并且我能听到我的隔壁邻居在争吵着什么。
te	O	佐拉说道，试图听起来很生气，但是她脸上一直带着笑容。
te	I	He would have said something or he cannot be anyone I know .
te	I	He stepped forward , closing the parlor door behind him and Resignation eventually enveloped his features .
te	I	The pungent smell of Chinese food saturated my senses , and I peeked in .
te	O	如果她那样做了，他也不会在意，但是他对她的选择很满意。
te	O	我必须说些什么，但是我却不知所措。
te	O	他把手机放在耳边，但是他却看着我。
te	I	There was none of the romance left in their relationship but she was friendly toward him like when they were kids .
te	O	医生会修复出了问题的东西，但是我的问题是我不确定到底哪里出了问题。
te	O	我突然很冷，并且我的双脚光着。
te	I	She held her smile , but Amira 's stomach dropped .
te	I	I reveled in the tangible feeling and the salt blasted my skin .
te	I	The presence of the troops so early was deliberate and the executions were planned for noon .
te	I	He knew his enemy , and he knew his friend now .
te	I	He frowned and I asked .
te	I	She couldn 't get enough air to breathe , and it felt like someone had kicked Rema in the stomach .
te	O	它们很丰盛，而且它们能让你吃饱。
te	O	那朵花从他的土豆里长了出来，并且他带着成熟的魅力微笑了。
te	I	They can go or they can stay .
